Sumica: all we're doing is changing names and adding new servers and whatnot. Plus new IRC services.
that reminds me, make sure you guys let me know where we finaly end up before thursday.
It shouldn't be much of an issue.
We're waiting to do it when this channel has the fewest users.
Sorry ment more for video side of things.
07want me to leave hmmm?
2,14 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
2,14 STAY WITH ME WOONA!!!!!!!
/me stays
/me hugs luna
2,14 I feel so happy now
/me hugs Val
/me kidnaps Luna
MINE
NEVER
2,14 <3
my first joke kick
it feels...strange...
/me flies away with a Luna Plushie
2,14 O_o
2,14 GIVE IT TO ME
/me hopes it's not a Luna dressed up as a bunny plushie
it is Luna, it is
/me grabs her banhammer
07you sure?!
nah jk
/me puts it down
07GOOD, good
07:)
anyways
Luna in a bunny costume? >_>
/me glomps Luna
07I made a pony
07want to see it?
why not
2,14 YES
Luna... the doll wasn't in a bunny outfit... it was...
in pink Celestia socks!
07http://i.imgur.com/s9zeS.jpg
2,14 dawwwww
makes me wish i could go and draw a straight line at least.....
07comments?
Cute.
2,14 <3 Applebloom
better than anything i could draw
I cant draw any thing organic. so way better then me.
07and this one too http://i.imgur.com/tvVvv.jpg
/me loves that picture Luna~
2,14 dat's not a cat, it's a rat!
2,14 sorry, couldn't resist :P
07lol
07it's a mouse
is it a ratta?
07holding a rose
07no worries
07I was just testing out my tablet
07Don't have the time for it anymore :(
2,14 :(
07BMN is keeping me busy
2,14 tablet time is fun time!
i dont have time to use 3Ds max anymore....
2,14 do tablet time during your stream!
2,14 ahhhhh 3ds max
cost $2000 to get.....
07lol
2,14 I really need to finish my projects on max
07and this one
I totaly forgot DeNerro was in backdraft.
07http://imgur.com/uWtHz
2,14 I spy a fluttershy!
07yes :)
Guys it's like
Less than a week until Season 2
Eh...? Chat thingy went red... >>
Reminds me of that how to draw fluttershy video i saw.
quickly I need a time machine until Season 2. *downloads Civ 5* TIME MACHINE OBTAINED.
I think it dose that when some one says your name Fluttershy
yes it does =-=
Fluttershy
DecapKing
Silvermane >>;
Draya
what?
Hhaha fail she's not in here >>;; I mean )
oh right
are you sure you want her to join in here anyway?! o-o;
Also welcome back.
are you craaazyyy?!
6Is looking nice. . .
wait whats going on?
lol nothing
6ALL THE PONIES IN THIS TOWN, ARE CARAAAZZYYYY~
was just turning people's chat tabs red
exactly Vi, exactly
/me chews on a wooden spoon, pacing in circles around a book.
CULT COLT
hmm, right, catalysts don't matter in the equation as they are so abundant in the reaction
OFF WITH HIS HEAD
>>
07omg dat movie reference
/me shudders at the thought of a wooden spoon.
^.^
Silvermane you are... um....
sentenced to...
DecapKing!
I mean. DECAPITATION >>
...ewww
oh decapitation, much better
>.>
hahah xP yes I made mistake on purpose )
o-o hu...what?
I would so hope so...
either way its decapitation
XP
Wa wa waaa
NO
heh I made Seth sad.
WIT
WAIT*
Silvermane YOUR PUNISHMENT IS CHANGED >>
24 hours...
of SEA PONIES
FUCK IT
FUCK THIS GAY EARTH
Wait
why am I punishing you again? -blinks-
I... don't know
I... knew there was some reason... right? OH dear....
(and why don't i ever get the sexy punishments like in those movies...)
I never knew why
Erm... hmm
Wait1
!*
Sea Ponies or...
TIME WARP?
TIME WARP
I thought that you were going to say 'Draya'.....
Hahaha xP
Draya would be TOO evil... >>;
(yfw I'm waiting for Draya to try something...)
/me appears
/me hides from his stalker
(you want Draya to do something? >> wut? )
bow chicka wow wow
HI ^^
Ahoy!
/me appears on top of GrimGallop
6"I'm on a horse!"
(Draya is extremely crazy. I like a good fight for control and I'm sure she would be a challenge)
o.o
Your horse is amazing.
:3
if it tastes like raisins you might need to change its diet
/me appears on top of VioletVanilla. O_O
6;3
Oh um... hi there... ^^;
/me pokes VioletVanilla
/me struggles to maintain balance under the weight of two more ponies
6Hallo~
/me hops off of GrimGallop gracefully, carrying Fluttershy on her back.
Um... -clings to VioletVanilla-
*Phew*
/me lands on the grass with a soft *pomf*~
6We are okay now. :3
/me appears on top of Silvermane
/me is now confused
/0
/me tries to use double team
/me hurt itself in its confusion
/me blinks, then smiles, then looks over at Silvermane... "Um..."
I'd just like to point out that I only taste like raisins because of what I use to shampoo my coat. Nothing to do with my diet~
Um?
night all
GrimGallop... I... oh dear dirty joke dirty joke nooooo )
Oh night DecapKing!
Awww. Night, DecapKing.
6Goodnight DecapKing!
Crazy ponies
Magnets.
night DecapKing
So, what's this about a dirty joke, Fluttershy?
nothing.. >>
Please, go on ^_^
no <<;
I insist ^_^
Fluttershy, is a good pony and would never say such things.
yes Sumica is right ><
/me whispers, think they bought it?
Must resist evil impulse...
Not resisting well...
-is scared- ><
/me warps Fluttershy away and leaves a banana for GrimGallop
Fluttershy would never say such things? Really?
The things Fluttershy has said...
/me vanishes in a vortex of dark mist, retreating to his lair and preparing a scrying spell
/me begins divining Fluttershy's location...
blegh
I
am
going
to
bed
D:
D:
=_= Tired
Lies. You were up later than I was yesterday, weren't you?
night FLuttershy
Good night Fluttershy.
Fiiine. Later T_T
Night~
GrimGallop: oh shush just because I was up until 6 am... )
>> anyway)
Oh look more stuff on eqd to add to my playlist.
:P
dammit Fluttershy
didn't need that description, no time for *pomf* atm
Wish more people would put download links in there YT so i did't have to rip it.
.....wait what?
hey Silvermane, you um might want to do somthing about that.
something about what?
/me returns
Your um pomf there. ^_^
(WoW time for a while~)
have fun storming the castle
07I'm on a boat
07god I loved that fight
07epic music was that
2,14 lol wut?
07WoW :P
2,14 ung
2,14 END IT
2,14 END IT NOW
07Val
07what are you doing?
You talking of lootship luna?
07oui
07what other battle may reward the i'm on a boat achievement?
I hated that fight, so much mocking of my poor druid and the placment of that jetpack.
2,14 wait, what?
2,14 what am I doing what?
/me 2,14 is really lost right now
2,14 oh, you're talking about ICC
07haha
07oops forgot my jetpack! Who started the fight?!?!?!
07WE ARE DOOMED!
07omg tank jump
07so much pug fails
2,14 ah lootship...
2,14 NO! NO MORE NOSTALGIA
2,14 I QUIT, I'M NOT GOING BACK
07lol
/me huddles in the fetal position, crying
/me soothes ValtheJean
07There there
2,14 I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE
/me pulls out his trident
2,14 I'M GONNA DO IT
2,14 I'M SERIOUSLY GONNA DO IT
/me hugs the trident
/me wonders how Val is gonna reinstall with a Trident.
2,14 don't make me trident you
I feer no trident I have barkskin
They reduced the cooldown in cata ^_^
2,14 that whore of a game does not exist
Dont worry it's showing signs of dieing.
2,14 sigh...I just wish private servers could get instances/raids working
You know a game is dieing when they start giving players what they have asked about for years.
2,14 pre-cata servers that is
/me would have definitely paid for a blizzard-official pre-cata server
ohai Polarfire
There was even a few devs talking about player made content after cata so if that doset scream death of a game.
8ima to think about stuff, cya
Hi and bye?
/me will drag Val with her to GW2
2,14 my friends have been trying to do the same
2,14 I'm just not sure I want to commit to another MMO again
07no monthly fee
2,14 I'd much rather post ponies :P
2,14 yeah, they told me
2,14 but mmos still take up so much time
that they do, altho I have cut way back thanks to my little addiction.
07quit wow
07because PONIES!
2,14 I'm honestly glad there are ponies
2,14 they feed my obsessive nerdiness
too cute. http://tindeck.com/listen/wzvd
07omg
07want!
07saved :P
I dont think I am Brony enought for that but still cute.
:( missed a save
07http://tindeck.com/listen/wzvd
2,14 it doesn't seem to be playing for me
I think the RD cutie mark on my case is enough.
thanks!
might need to unblock part of the site
07sooooo who wants to help Luna out?
/me raises hand
well.. saved despite not having a phone
07not all at once please
2,14 >.< I raised my hand :(
not sure if being called "all" is a compliment or insult
07Well I do need help :)
What cha need?
07and it's your choice if your willing to help me or not
07I need extra dropbox space :)
07however i'm not gonna pay 10 dollar per month
So you need some one else to get the basic service and let you use it?
07well
07we both benefit
07I get +250 Mb + you
07get the same
Took a moment for that last part to show up...
07it did?
07it's all in a minute
07[08:46] <@Luna> well
07[08:46] <@Luna> we both benefit
07[08:46] <@Luna> I get +250 Mb + you
07[08:46] <@Luna> get the same
Yeah, just the last one. Must have been my connection.
It was quite amusing though.
The guy on the example video needs to learn to get a thumdrive.
So what it's a free service but you are limited to 250mb?
and you get more with paied.
07well you can get to 8gig free
07not that I have that...
/me is sitting on 3.25 gig
07if you sign up you get the standard 2g + 250 mb bonus if referred
ahhh so you just want us to get it and help you get the referal thing.
07yes
07I use it for work and ponies
well I dont plan on using it but I can help you get more.
07if you want to please
07thanks everypony
07you helped me out!
2,14 any time ;)
Well. That sucked.
Our tank decided that he wanted to skip bosses and left the group when the rest of the group said otherwise x.x
07pug?
Yeah. Me and two guildies queued for the random dungeon finder.
07poor thing
07well i'm glad I quit
You should join me.
07I don't play wow anymore
07got bored
07been playing since wow classic (beta_
Snapz, brb~
07have fun
We should do that Real ID thing I could tank =p
07your US
07i'm EU
07does'nt work
07fu blizzard
Back
We're on a pirate server :O
07oooh evil
07:o
Indeed
07patched till?
WotLK, 3.3.5 I think
07Val might like that
2,14 but you don't have working instances though
ohhh
07he wanted a server pre - cata
Shiny.
Why wouldn't instances work? o.o
looked at one of those servers once. notinge but 20ft tall overly curvy elves as far as the eye can see.
2,14 because people have to manually re-write scripts for encounters in private servers, which no one has done
lol @ Sumica
Well, everything seems to work for me so far~
Of course I've mostly been hoarding cloth and stuffing my bank with frostweave
hey luna?
07yes?
hey everyone. will bronystate be doing a live stream of season 2 ep 1?
07yep
2,14 we will ctrlx
07and before that a MAREATHON!
Yes ctrlx
awesome. and what quality is it going to be streamed at?
07of Season 1
07Amazing quality
Is it gonna mess up the extra space for you if I remove this thing?
07nope
720?
07you can remove it
07Ctrlx the season ep 1 is live streamed from tv
the reason i'm asking is i have a server that i might have record the stream. i believe the hub on our directv is sd.
I think you meen s2 ep no?
07you want to record our stream :o
if that's aight
P:
07Hmmm well I can't stop you
07:)
If you want to copy it, shouldn't you be ctrlc?
.....not like we can stop you =p
record, cut, upload to trackers. spread the love
/me bricks DashiteAlt
07as long as you mention us :P
07as source ;)
that and i might bounce the stream to others
Hey! You know you were thinking it too Sumica!
lolk that's not hard
we probably shouldn't encourage this
lol true I was but I only make my guildies put up with my puns.
whatwith the copyright violation
07nope, but we can't stop him
07it's his choice
yeah, but we shouldn't encourage it is all :P
07we don't encourage it
07we told him, we can't stop him
They joke that I am going for an acheavment of making a pun in every zone and instance.
for being so popular way back when (from what i could tell as a kid) the backstreet boys and other such bands are NEVER mentioned EVER anymore.. aside from as an obvious reference by the leetstreet boys
nah the i love the 90's brought them up on VH1 I am sure.
huh.. i guess i wouldn't know about that
ohai Twighlite
Hecko there
i don't watch that stuff
on that note what brought that up?
excuse you :v
Backstreets back.
hmm.. i'm really not entirely positive
they are?
Hmm?
Totally. I mean, that's what the song said.
They wouldn't lie would they?
*headdesk*
i was listening to the ernies.. then i think i heard it or something that just reminded me of it on the TV
hey guys what's the server here? i'm going to add it to my xchat
irc. something.. i hope that helps
2,14 irc.bronychat.net
A move is under way?
man i almost wish i would have gone to bed 8 hours ago
"Almost"
07I know that feeling
but if you went to bed 8 hours ago you would still be up now.
i decided to pull an all nighter or at least a whiler
2,14 speaking of which, I think it is time for this one to sleep
^ i know that feel bro
2,14 good night my bronies, until next we meet
goodnight val:D
13Goodnight Val!
Night Val
we're merging with ponyirc
btw ya.. i think i've been up for roughly 24 hours or something.. something
07how so?
lol love Top gear now that I get BBC =p
don't. ever. sleep.
i remember being tired and having been up for a long time already when i went to church this morning and i haven't gone to sleep yet and i plan on staying up for a while longer
Sumica, after we started getting BBC, I think Top Gear was the most watched show in the house for about 6 months.
it's 2:23 AM now lol.. so 14 hours after church
at least after i got there
round 2 complete.. round 3 go gogogogo
Which channel there?
Confound thess funny brits, i am suppposed to be catching up on my reading.
we won't be either bronychat or ponyirc
we'll be ponychat
not done moving everything yet :c
07LURK MODE ENGAGED!
I guess the lobby will be #ponychat by then
07[URL=http://imgur.com/hhtyK][IMG]http://i.imgur.com/hhtyK.png[/IMG][/URL]
07bah
07fail
07http://i.imgur.com/hhtyK.png
07there we go
07again
07LURK MODE engaged
OK, no one seems to be in that channel yet
ohai Colgate
that hair is lurking good
darn +N Dx
Evil +N
that's the best pun i could come up with atm
It's the mods trying to keep the common user down!
what's up?
diff Colgate than the one on ponyirc
fyi
not sure how we're going to deliberate that
lol Luna, that look. It's like I am so a spy and no one knows it.
i need an intense amount of interesting to keep me awake
07hmm
/me looks at MeteorVenture and yawns
07lol
/me is totally yawning right this second.
we're keeping the registered nicks but
I usealy play red faction to keep awake.
/me wonders if you are yawning yet.
i haven't yawned yet
we have to handle situations where there's the same name registered twice a a case by case basis
/me yawns in the direction of MeteorVenture again
i am hyperventilating
too much yawn
yawn.. yawn.. i wish i had kirby's epic yarn right about now
inb4 kirby's epic yawn
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cy-Pf6oJNRo&feature=related
ok that was an official yawn
aww thanks online eight ball
it said i would stay up for another 8 hours
although it's looking pretty bleak since "is rainbow dash a pegasus pony?" got "my sources say no"
it's also apparently a pony in ball form.. this is SO interesting.. i may stay up another.. 8 minutes
according to my forces
damnit, DashiteAlt you made me yawn
so it's 3am right now. i have to work at 8am until 8pm. just stay up and get wired or goto bed for 3.5hr?
depends on the job probably
if it's pretty chill then that little bit of sleep may help you get through it moderately tired
the micro nap can be supprisingly refreshing. I usealy grab a quick 30min nap on my lunchbreak.
You're welcome ctrlx. :)
well that depends on the day. i'm like a phone operator/secretary guy at a nursing home but i also do bitch office work or IT stuff if needed.
3.5 hours is long enough that I'd probably take the sleep.
ya probably sleep imo
Anything less than 3 hours and I would skip it.
well i need a shower first so like 3hr
i can probably squeeze it. if not then i'll stay up
well go before another minute is up so you don't have to skip it
let's give it a shot
gnite/bbl
lol take care!
I have class tomorrow, but thankfully not until 7.
Or today rather.
yes! i just remembered i could also play kid icarus
which i have never played before so this should be good
that eight ball is a genie
a troll genie at that
gosh.. not to bash the classic controls trying to emulate momentum but only succeeding in making it look and feel like horrible button lag.. but gosh.. take this magic axe bash!
Cant compare to Stevan
ok it's not so bad
Oh I so have to watch the new ep today...er tonight.
new ep?
Topgear
alright thanks
eh?
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-dIaWgPnhZcI/Tm0z4ZMer4I/AAAAAAAAL9A/uZwn21DdNzk/s1600/Pizza+Hut+Lol.jpg
That Pizza Hut is win
Definitely
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZGINaRUEkU&feature=youtu.be
Rodman, that restored a little bit of my faith in humanity <3
I would do that if it was't for the fact pizza hut sucks around here compared to the mom and pop places.
I'd do that if I had the option to :S
that pizza hut is awesome.. except that they didn't actually draw it on the box
I think it's an online ordering thing.
they better have 1 day shipping lols
and yeah it's not on the box but a box would be hard to get a good picture on. And expesnsice to throw out if you slip up.
when i was at quakecon we had the pizzaguy draw penises on the box
What I'm wondering is whether they drew her while or after the pizza was done
ya.. inb4 shoe on head
with pics
the second time he drew a teddy bear shooting a dragon
we tipped him well
maybe there's someone with a full-time job taking these ridiculous requests
And ctrix
*ctrlx
That video
lol
DAT SONG
more want to know if they had to google it first or was there a brony in the house.
Thats a good question
well if he wasn't a brony before
he probably is now
Quite true
Probably the whole Pizza Hut became bronies after that incident
do ponies eat pizza?
Veggie pizza
yah
you just usually see pastries and apple-things though
Poor Gummy
Funny you should ask as I am finishing Cross and arrow.
Huh?
A fanfic, they are currently having pizza =p
OMG IM NOT WEARING ANY CLOTHES MY BODY PARTS ARE GOING TO FALL OFF ;-;
0_o
:O
ok we're good. i got pants on now
....um right glad we got that resloved.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oVn_f0AYXdM
meant to link this one but it's all good
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aDynYwhUyoY
oh gosh! i just realized that the ponies could order a pizza and write "stop discord" and pizza hut would probably do it
yeah but what would they charge? it's like 2 bucks per specal request.
well.. 2 bucks then
Sure they would have to charge more for that.
it is a SPECIAL request.. doesn't happen ever 1000 years
every*
that'd be 2bits
probably
(they take cash or credit)
bits duh
pizza pony has suddenly become alot more helpful sounding
inb4 pizza pony is a solve all problems pony as long as you can request it in 28 characters or less
Wonder if Luna ever ordered out.
pizza pony... would they have special saddlebags for hte pizzas?
i imagine they'd be pegasi too. to be faster
she probably thought it was a joke and banished herself to season 2
or at least from season 1 after the first part
Would need one of those stay hot bags, I gues would want to make sure it's yah know arodynimic and such
07Freeze
07you here?
LOFN!
07lol
07problem?
someone actually drew a pizza pony
Did you order out for pizza on the moon?
07nah just being busy
07:)
my special request would be "arrive in 10 seconds flat"
challenge accepted
then sonic rainbooms
and your pizza comes all messed up
:<
then i make a new product called pizza ball's
or pizza ball* i guess
omg
not for reheat
cheeze+toppings on inside. wrapped in the crust. then have dippin sauce.
or you could put a bunch in a bowl of sauce and eat them like cereal
nah.. i was thinking the sauce would be in there too
hot pockets all over again
ah
so it'd be more like hot balls
well.. tostino pizza rolls anyway
07yes I did
do ho ho ho
07http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-dIaWgPnhZcI/Tm0z4ZMer4I/AAAAAAAAL9A/uZwn21DdNzk/s1600/Pizza+Hut+Lol.jpg
those are amazing
btw this kid icarus game is ridiculous.. i'm not sure whether i'm suppose to be dying quite as bad as i am or not but this aint right
wb
it seems like
you're having problems
Back in HS when I worked in a pizza place I used to make somthing like a pizza ball when bored.
Yes
Laptop keeps freezing up
take some dough wrap it around a bit of topping seal it up good then deepfry it.
Four times in the past fifteen minutes
Need to figure out who I need to call about it tomorrow
this is why I try to keep my irc client in a different place than my desktop
Donraj, what is it?
I don't know
Something's clearly wrong with it
Donraj, nah, like what model and os :P
It's always frozen up occasionally, but lately it's been lasting for like a minute each time
Oh
Asus, Windows 7
eeepc?
I'm not much of a technical person, I don't know what that means
is it a netbook
or a laptop
is it super small cute netbook?
Laptop
Fairly large one
might be hte same one my friend has
then it's not an Eee PC
his runs fine though
does it have an ssd?
and does it get hot?
Don't think so
No
It runs pretty cool
then throw it in the garbage cause that's bad for you
you could try booting into memtest and see if your ram is fine
amirite guys?
other than that just make sure windows is clean of shit
else there's a hardware failure somewhere that's causing the system to hang
Meteor, you heretic
that's me.. invincible until i get in a banshee
halo 2 reference for you ancient people
halo 1 or bust
cause halo is.. a little old
which i'm excited for hte remake, as long as they just do graphics
keep hte pistol the same :3
otherwise i'm excited for tribes
and skyrim
ya halo 1 is best halo quite probably
i quit after 2 though
didn't care for a 360
im a pc person
the pistol better kill in 3 shots and be an all purpose weapon in other words
sniping with a pistol....fuckya
all the time
I didn't even notice you weren't in here
also don't forget to whip your shotgun aimer and shoot when it gets to them cause it's infinitely more accurate than if you don't move your aimer before shooting
also gotta love 1 shot shotgun kills from halfway across hang em high
S
SOMEHOW*
because it's just that cool
and of course i don't mean halfway.. but it was a distance.. and it happened.. i don't know how.. but that shotgun was way better than halo 2's shotgun
I disconnected _hours_ ago
lol
also
did you add in the stuff for mibbit yet?
Switched that ZNC account to a, uh, secret new place
and they proved you could nerf the best weapon into being useless even with 2 of them in the sequel (pistol)
Yeah, hours ago
I totally forgot to get the password for anyone
only good for headshots
gimmie info for it
Sure
headshots aren't hard in halo though
Oh I still need to copy it everywhere. It's actually only one place. No wonder
I just need the password actually
That won't take more than a second though
oh lol
Yeah
at least doing it the proper fps way (mouse and keyboard)
oh ya.. i meant in halo 2 for pistols
I can get all the other info on my own
Noticed to you
onyl time i use a controller is for racing games....and.......that;s about it, really
oh hey we were talking about this in here
i'm pretty much probably a PC guy now too.. consoles kinda just suck now.. no good games for them anyway
I thought we were in the other room
lol
and no modding or any of that fun jazz
Yeah :-\
and pc has better graphics
easier to pirate
Just look at Fallout 3 and NV
Moddable as all fuck
should we also add irc.ponyirc.com?
no
i don't pirate games still on the market.. if they're there i will just buy them cause the people have every right to charge for their product
Exactly
i would hope people would do the same for me when i make games
>no
Correct
Now, if the game in question is no longer being sold and you can't find copies on ebay or such
Thats when I would say to go for it
Otherwise, buy it for crying out loud!
or if you already own it
I learned my lesson from last time
Then why would you pirate it?
have all this information ready before I make a fool of myself
well if you want it on PC
god I was bumbling around in there
I swear he was either annoyed or laughing at me
i've lost discs or they've gotten damaged and i've had to pirate them
moddable.. easy to make videos of
07Alright goodbye everyone
07See you later today
Luna, the sun's not up yet!
take care luna!
/me reappears
Who?
Mibbit doods?
Awwww
Just as I get back...
anyways, now that i have money i will buy games. and have bought games that i've pirated and played through before
She heard you comeing
but some games are trash and i don't buy those P:
Well, take this before you go!
Awwww
I was going to give her a potato D:
ye
I buy games but detest DLC's
Anyways, sleep for me~
well did you finish said trashy games? lol
anyway stuff like DRM or whatever it was.. is a good incentive to pirate after buying it sometimes
such as in the case of assassins creed 2
Current stable
3.3.0
from what i heard anyway
nah. we were all playing dead island the other night thoguh
and it was fun and stuff. but only because we were getting hte trucks where they shouldn't be
other then that the game's boring
i might uninstall it
13Damn, The Sunscreen Song always makes me teary eyed
but at quakecon i bought the qc2011 pack and it's got every game made by id and bethesda in hte last 20 years
and i've pirated quite a number of them already
well i think if you don't plan on buying it.. just quit playing it right then when you realize it's bad.. i find problems with most every game i play but that doesn't mean i didn't have a good time playing some of them
yah. and then you also got abandonware too.
what's abandonware?
The what Octavia
just ooooold games that the company either doesn't exist or doesn't care about
13lol Its a song. It always really touches me.
alright
Octavia, that one with the voiceover guy?
13Its by Baz Luhrmann
13http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sTJ7AzBIJoI
sunscreen.. cause even the sun likes watching MLP
yep. that one's not bad
13lol Indeed Meteor. :P
13And yup Ctrix.
oh hey guys. i have a pinkie pie plushie and she's getting kinda dirty. but i can't machine wash her. what do i dooooo?
Octavia, it's an l ;P
13Looks like a t though. :P
ohmy :x
/me 13machine washes her plushies sometimes anyway >.>;
some you can
13Unless its a real nice one. Then you have to hand wash it.
on her tag though it says no machine
idk how to handwash
do i just toss her in hte shower?
13Many do. I machine wash them anyway. XD
13lol
13In the tub or in a sink.
13Not sure what type of soap to use though.
i'll just try plain water first
dont dunk it. use like a soft toothbrush and litly scrub it.
brushie :3
indeed
i wish i could make her neck more stiff
her head likes to flop
a small amout of normal clothing soap in a large amount of water.
if you give her a bath watch out for gummy
so this came up in the related videos to yours Octavia
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6l1GvDWtccI
lol
So much sea puns
hey guys pinkie says hello. hold on she wants to type something
nm,m vc,mc,lflkfdlov fkfkfckv lm,vc vvvvvvvvvvvvvvikkkkkk,m'?
I want a plushie but I could never put out the cash they want for those.
13Thats... interesting Sumica :P
Sumica, they're $15 at toys r us
did't know they were making them now.
but only get pinkie.... rainbow dash has no wings and twilight looks almost as bad
feh.
pinkie's hair isn't the best but it's bearable
I might request this one night when we are taking them.
it's cute how their little legs flail around
13As for plushies, I'm waiting til MagnaStorm on DA accepts commissions again. $80 or so for a nice pony plush... so worth it.
that I can see
i want some nice decals for my computer(s)
and i was thinking maybe one those patch things
haha i like that sunscreen thing
for one of my hoodies
pony hoodie?
nah just regular hoodies....with pony patch things
heh
hold on ima go count how many i have
i have like 14 hoodies
there's a couple more hiding somewhere
so i can use a couple for pony patches
So yeah just googled for said patches and oh look there is a G1 named patch.
13Grrr, why must Renaissance outfits cost so much! >.<
13Curse being poor!
Sumica, http://ethepony.ecrater.com/p/12058506/dj-pon3-patch
13There is a serious lack of Octavia patch there.
13Nightly Roundup time!
Octavia, i think i saw something octavia somewhere in there
13I looked and didnt see one.
bah. damn memory
I was just noting that Octavia
er noteing
what would a patch do? make them turn into like.. twilight sparkle V1.1 or something?
iron on not software you crazyperson.
oh ho ho ho
lol ok
i read that as iron on software
seemed legit
lol naked gun pariody with MLP.
lol where's that?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=CWenahARoKw
i saw the thumbnail and instantly know where this was going
it's.. awesome
odd that this was in the related.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aEsr_2Cfp4&feature=related
freddie wong.. always related
yeah I guess so, the one he did for the Red faction unlockable weapon was ammusing.
his videos have top tier editing though
indeed
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxHhBx1FtLQ
For those of you who weren't at the Best Night Ever
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arBE_sHxD8Y
http://imgur.com/gallery/I9xqU
dun dun duuuuun
45 or so seconds in and i realized that i was totally not listening to what they people were saying.. just the ponies
Good sum up of it all but man that audio.
Dat Night was fucking metal
magneto the first person to troll ponies and not fail.
Indeed
And he did it by being an ad
Sounds like some one clicke it and killed the whole stream at one point.
and with that I go to bed.
goodnight!
well for some reason that woke me up a bit
despite everyone obviously being sleep deprived
i've run out of things that i want to do.. i guess it's time to go to sleep
or is it?... goodnight yall!
hasta la windows vista
Is it 9am CST this is showing? Or have I got that wrong?
heh, On a Cross and Arrow has updated.
Applebuck gets the help of the Great and Powerful Presto.
Wuh?!
Presto eh...
I dunno, I expected some other name
ohai ponies
Ohai NewDCD
How's it going?
just here
waiting for class
wishing I was sleeping instead
ergo, nothing new
hey there
D:
im late
Waiting for 10PM to hit here so an awesome barbecue can start
Hai Turgle
today we might go visit kids with VIH though and play with them. Might. I'm hoping we do!
i have to be at work in 20 minutes D:
bye! xD
Oh man, thats nice!
You give em kids a fun time DCD!
*IF* you end up going...
yeah
frankly it had been fixed for, but it's an "assignment" for Sociology, who traded with Biostatistics (Biostatistics has four professors)
traded the time slot, I mean, buuuuut
Friday's professor ended up not going so someone else had to fill for them
Then today Friday's professor would have to give class
So they'd have to ask him if he'd agree to trade hours...and we don't know if they would yet
so yeah
(Frankly if they don't, that'd be a dick move among dick moves)
For serious
"Naw-aw! You're not going to go play with sick kids and thats final!"
(Because kids)
Ninja'd
also
http://m.fanfiction.net/s/4961847/1/
What up, neighas?
I'm thinking about doing a live dramatic reading of that story
Sounds... enticing
disregard it's Evangelion
It's just TOO GOOD (and almost stand-alone)
"In Need of Sex"
dear God read that shit
Well, that's a nice title
I don't mind Evangelio at all
*n
The door opened. A man came into her home and into her heart.
BTW, is something wrong with the stream here?
What the man said next could best be described as nothing short of poetry. "Pizza's here. Hot and fresh and covered with enough juicy sausage to delight any woman's mouth."
Got to use that catchphrase at some point
Hikari's heart throbbed and she blushed when she first looked at this stranger. He was tall and certainly the most handsome man she had ever met. He wore a red uniform shirt that could not contain the well-defined muscles of his arms and abs, and he wore very short shorts that showed off the impressive muscles in his legs. Oh, sigh, and his face—it was beautiful.
Perfect brown hair, the best ears she had ever seen, an authoritative nose, a powerful jaw and the eyes, oh, the hazel eyes, pierced into Hikari Hirako's soul. He was so hot it was making her hot inside.
Dr. McDreamy has entered the room!
Somebody fetch me the shotgun!
seriously I read through that story imagining Touji as ManSpike
NOT SURE IF WANT..............
FUCK IT, WANT
it was hilarous
also Rodman: we're switching our stream provider to a better service
Then, he spoke. Hikari knew what he would say, but she let him ask what he wanted to ask. "Hikari," he ravished her name while demanding her body with his eyes, "will you wash my shirt for me?"
Her heart melted for him so quickly it created a hearty, wet waterfall of emotion that rushed down her body
Ok, I see
"Oh, Hikari," he embraced her tightly. "I have never felt this way for a woman before. You are so beautiful," he cupped her cheek, and noticed she shied away from the compliment. "You are. You are beautiful." Slowly, she looked at him and he nodded. Yes, she held a powerful beauty over him. In his eyes, she was hot. "And you will look even more beautiful as you do my laundry."
THAT'S WHEN I FUCKING LOST IT
I just fucking lost it here
"And you will look even more beautiful as you do my laundry."
Best. Catchphrase. EVER!
this fic is the best thing.
DAT LIVE READING!
DO EET!
His face became ever so slightly pink—it was a man blush. "Yeah," he scratched the back of his head, "I would love to suck back on some water, or any of the juices you have, Hikari."
MAN BLUSH
Like MAN TEARS
"I have apple, orange, and grape juice."
"I like orange. It's sticky," Touji whispered. Keep in mind, his shirt was being washed and Hikari was defenceless against his manly charms. She squirmed and her breasts jiggled when he looked at her. "But I'll have water," he added, "since it's the wettest drink of all—the best to quench my thirst."
/me sees what's going on and slowly backs away
Pinkie
I found the greatest fic in existence
not sure if I should adapt it to poni, but I WILL live read it sometime
RobotPinkie, come closer
This fic is great
Well, if you adapt it to pony....
and I DO love laundry
It could be
Humanized Beefspike and Applebloom
lol
I finally found Cheerilee today!
Applebloom? Please! Make it Rarity!
Although, that would be too predictable
Actually, leave it at Applebloom.
but Rarity has no freckles
I think I need to give her an 80's makeover...
inb4 AJ
induring AJ; But what about AJ?
inafter AJ
oh God
Cheerilee and Caramel
@Flippinghisshitmeter ValtheJean
NO
WAIT
LET'S MAKE IT FLUTTERSHY
OH GOOD FUCKING CELESTIA, WHAT?!?!
Or, you know, make it God
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UO9TGlqXhGs
Technically Twilight fits the most
but I was just cracking up at the thought of Fluttsie doing Laundry
(That and she probably has the lowest self-esteem out of all of the ponies(
Thats true
But then you'd have to make Angel disappear for a while
also Fluttershy is the easiest name to scramble
And tell me Fluttsie writing "smut" don't crack you up
:V
Fluttershy sometimes looks like she's ready to make Angel "disappear" for good
:V :V
Ok, thats a good point
SHUTTERFLY
STUDYING QUANTUM PHYSICS
Shutterfly?
Why not Shulterfry?
*scramblinglikeaboss*
Shuetelfry
*shurtelfry
because my tongue would trip on itself every time I try to say that
Another good point
that
and because the actual story does scramble the names very lightly for humorous effect:
Horaki Hikari > Hirako Hikari
now what to do with Spike's name
NO WAIT
IT SHOULD BE
BIG MAC INSTEAD
QP is much tastier, IMO
quick, I need a corruption of Big Macintosh's name
QP?
Does it have to be apple-themed?
quarter pounder, another hamburger. :P
oh. I mean the stallion
Whopper Jr?
Kinda hard to corrupt that name while still keeping it recognizable... hmmm
Well, best hamburger is The Angus, but I'm not sure if that's available everywhere...
Call him Angus then
guys guys
lol Big Angus
But if you need an easily recognizable name, call him Big Whopper
Yeah I know, the stallion :P
lol actually that'd work pretty well
it's like a double reference, too
Also I'm srsly tempted to mod my Lily Blossom into Derpy
In what?
I ws thinking of Big Markintosh
But Big Whopper made me LOL. We'll go with that
The brushable Lily Blossom, I mean
*DEEPBREATH* yay~!
Oh, ok RP
She's a grey pegasus with blonde hair, just like Derpy
DO EET FILLY!
I'll have to skip the derp eyes, though, not good at painting. :(
:(
rawr
maybe I can find some Swedish brony to do that for me, we'll see
:O
hi
also class time
bbl
alright, later NewDCD
ohlol, too late
Bye DCD
Make those kids happy
nevermind
professor just called me
she'll be 20 minutes late cause her car broke down
oh okay
Oh my
also guys
let's discuss crack pairings
Blueblood X Fluttershy
go
Lets see, in such a relationship, Fluttershy would be a victim
Blueblood would be demanding and inconsiderate, whilst Fluttershy's own nature wouldn't allow her to get rid of him like Rarity did
In there, I'd say Fluttershy's strongest asset would be Angel, who would constantly have to keep her in check so she doesn't let herself get treated like trash by Blueblood
That is one badass bunny
you guys are forgetting something
>Youregoingtoloveme.gif
and then Blueblood was hilarously whipped
okay
Cheerilee X Caramel
Not so much crack as it is unfounded
inb4 /ss/
Cherilee X caramel....
Oh boy
Give me a moment to think
I'll only be going with Canon, not Fanon here
So lets see
Cherilee is seen as a kind one, the type that will push you and motivate you to do something
Caramel seems like a clumsy guy, and that's the best description I can make of him given his short screentime
hey GGgala_
So, what I imagine is, if they got together, Cherilee would serve as an anchor for him as he tries to become ever more useful whilst constantly failing
I dunno really
RP, any thoughts?
that reminds me
Caramel X Twilight was popular for a short while for some reason
.............
Why?
no idea
I THINK someone wrote a fic, many people found it diabeetus-tastic, and drew fanart of said couple
O_o???
Leave it to the Fandom
At this point, I wouldn't be surprised by a Derpy X Heavy if somebody ponified all the TF2 cast
class starting
Bbl
Cya
Good morning everypony
NewDCD leave and in comes AllisZero
Hai Allis
*leaves
Aw did he just leave?
Hellos Rodman
Just now, yes
Just to let you on whats going on
http://m.fanfiction.net/s/4961847/1/
NewDCD is going to ponify and live read that fic
ohay AllisZero
Hey there RP
Just letting in AllisZero on what NewDCD plans to do
Hi RP! How are you
FFFFFuuuu
Why did I open that at work
I haven't read it, except what DCD posted here
is it that bad?
Well no, but now my firewall knows someone's gone to the adult section of fanfiction.net :P
Ouch
Time to prime the EMP
Eeeeyup, but that's cool
lol bronystate is still alive? what was with the colombia hackers thing
oh hai
Hi everypony
HAI GUYS!
hey
Yo
Welp, I accidentally overslept and missed the class I actually want to go to.
ohay Purple`Prose and Dermathil
Morning gents
Oh FreezeFrame
Alarms bro
o.o
Alarms huh
I woke up at 6:30 this morning, an hour before the usual time
Went back to bed to get another 45 minutes or so of sleep
WIDE AWAKE till 7:20
Drowsy as balls after that
Been there Allis
Alot
I didn't wake up until 9:30
I have class at 8
er, 9
imokaywiththis.jpg
:S
Im goofing off at school
lol
no pony ios in chatroom?
I should be in class >.>
o.o
Ha, im in the lab on bronystate :3
Haha
I wish it would letme chat in the new domain name =[
I never asked for this.
Rodman are you still here brah
HAHAHA OH WOW
Hasbro put Magneto on their MLP story
They didn't
It's a fun bit of URL manipulation.
Hey DCD
Have you seen Fourze?
Store, not story
But what
Ah, balls
Yeeeah I'm getting there
Guess who's sick at home?
Aw
/me pets Herospirit
:3
FOURZE! IKUZE! OH YEAH! o/`
:0
nope, Purple
Thinking on streaming it on Saturday though
Really?
I'm here bro
It's -awesome- :D
Oh, MORE PEEPS!
SUP EVERYPONY!
Aw yah.
Rodman: http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/list/caramel%20twilight_sparkle/1
see what I mean bro?
Sittin in bed with a sinus infection at the moment
I prefer Trixmac Sparkle :P
Well...
That is kind of out of nowhere
Let's add more to it.
Trixmac Sparkleshy
:0
Rodman: Read Romancing Quest
Trixity MacSparkleshy
To get all the CaramelXTwilight shipping?
Ok
Nope
Oooh, very nice Purple
Also, I like what Blueblood's entry on the shipping chart is.
^_^
TrixityDash MacSparkleshy
:O
We'll eventually fit every non-background pony into one ship.
Trixityvia Macsparkleshy
Trixityvia Macsparkleshy the Dash-3
Though the incest entries always worry me.
>:D
Its the internet
Incest is Wincest to most
We can exclude Big Mac and Applejack from eachother :0
Alright
Doctorjack Trixityvia MacSparkleshy the Dash-3
*smug*
TrixityviaGildapple Macsparkleshy the Dash-3
That'd be one crazy love............. *counts sides like a boss*
There's two on that shipping chart. There's also Princest
TrixityviaGildapple Lunestia Macsparkleshy the Dash-3
Celestitosh
*pops knuckles*
Hot Patootie, bless mah soul. I really love that rock roll.
Purple hey Purple
Doctorjack Trixityloo MacSparkleshy the Lunatavia the Dash-3
Luna X UCHUU KITTAAAAAAAAAA
XD
I'm loving Fourze
Oh my Prose. Now you're really stretching it to background Ponies.
That is quite the undertaking.
Kamen Rider Fourze: if the Fonz was Japanese and got ahold of a space-shuttle themed battlesuit.
I've been playing Blazblue again.
FU! RIN! KA ZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!
...And attended Cromartie High, by written by the author of Gurren Lagann
BANG BANG BANG BANG
With the cast of Glee
BANGUU DAMASHII
THANK YOU DCD :D
Bang is one of the best Rider expies
like May Lee
necessary http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYKPmkOF-z8&feature=related
she kicks ass too
This is more necessary: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuAl-Y7aRRQ
Lol, poor Bang
also guys
How do you interpret the age gap between Mrs Cake/Mayor Mare and Granny Smith?
I'm thinking on having a plot point in a fic in which Granny Smith was the Cool Big Sis to those two when they were fillies
Make Granny Smith the biggest badass possible. :I
Making up for it: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzgf32erYaA&feature=related
herosprit: already on that
however I want to know just how older would GS be
These vidoes make me sad that I have the PSP version. Dem graphics
would Cake and Mare be CMC-age when Smith was Mane Cast age? Ect.
That sounds about right, actually.
hero I KNOW THAT FEEL
:0
Which feel
owning BB PSP and none of the home console ones
Oh, the PSP version thingy/
JOHKAHHHH
RRRRRRUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAA
MAKSIMUM DORAIBUU
EXTREME
07damn I feel terrible..
You sick too?
07yea
you sound worse than me :0
I think we should blame the lack of sleep
we've been working like crazy for the S2 stream
07yes, that and the tons of other stuff in the background
I haven't.
it's only natural that our natural defenses would be low as a result
I'm borderline useless :0
I caught a cold last week, but I'm better now
Borderline. I can make, like, sandwiches and stuff.
05finally i am home
07the things we do for bronies
Wrek are you space?
05yes, now we are a family again
And cereal. I can only do the sandwiches if I'm feeling particularly energetic.
This bullet hell boss.... FUUUUUU
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQZuidKexBQ&feature=related
Okay, we should have the rooms and themes ready by Thursday...that's what's missing, right Woona?
05need my help?
/me feels ignored and useless
07Wrekkie
Wrek: dunno, I'm on my phone right now so I'm mostly in the blind
Did you finish them banners?
07dear
07dcd wai u talk about details in the maneroom :o
07it's a suprise !
/me hugs Luna
I know that feel, I'm still sick too.
05NewDCD was gona make twilight right now
/me hugs woona, thanks for beeing here.
Wait, what banners?
07nothing...
/me hugs everypony
07dcd can you logon skype/
07pls
Oh, mod secrets. I'll try not to ask questions :0
can't Woona.
On my phone.
07modroom?
and I'm low on batt
roger
I arrive!
07[16:54] * Now talking in #BronyStateMods
07[17:00] dcd wai u talk about details in the maneroom :o
07[17:00] it's a suprise !
07also..
07I feel horrible
we should foreshadow a bit XD
It's not like the cat wasn't out of the bag weeks ago
not to mention that I'm using the "Hidden-in-Plain-Sight" maneuver
07Yea but they need to be stunned by all our efforts
secrets?
05yesh
what secrets?
05how much i love you dcd
05oh shit
anyways, Wrek, are we Oscar Mike?
05mfw that doesnt mean anythign to me
On the Move
In other words, is everything proceeding within expected parameters?
05you busy luna? could use a wathcing eye on twilight
05and i only got twi and pinkie left on the banners
05+/- eventual tweaks to existing
well you blew THAT one Wrek
05not like it was a big secret
it's not really a secret, it was announced weeks ago
That said don't tell anyone
07what is this world filled with wonderful secrets
05http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZXo6Q4U9i8&NR=1
05<3
Wait, what secret?
07yea I can tune in but I feel not good
07freezeframe
07you must
07check your e-mail
07!!!
http://i769.photobucket.com/albums/xx337/amnesiophilia/magiceverywhereinthisbitch.gif
05you sure, i wouldnt want to bother you if you dont feel well
05?
05*
07it's okay
05*puts on drawing glasses*
05ok live
I already responded, Luna
2:30 doesn't work for me because I have class straight from 2:30 - 5 on Wednesdays
07baaaaaah
Oooh, is someone streaming?
I don't think so
07nope
brb
07im in yay
05:D
05good becsaue the skethc is coming up nicley
07Also
07Dari was wondering
07if you can do the the traffic light designing?
07if it would not take you too much time?
05i sure oculd give it a go
Printing off powerpoints for class, yay
07powerpoints about ponies?
07I have a nice one for you!
I should try to work on myfic
No, Luna, the ones being used in class
I print 'em 3 to a page, and take notes on them.
/me is ultra-organized with his school stuff.
/me is glad to read this
GRARR!! http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110314162139/mlpfanart/images/d/d1/Twilight_Sparkle_Rapidash.gif
grrrrr?
...ohai ponies
Ohai robot Pinkie
Hi RP!
hey herosprit, AllisZero
07ohai RobotPinkie
hay Luna :3
07you feel any better?
07cause I feel horrible
Yeah, no cold anymore, bit of a sore throat from the coughing still, but eh...
Aw, what's wrong, Luna?
07lack of sleep
07s2 preparations
:(
Sorry to hear that
07you'll see the fruit of our labour soon
07well a few things are already visible :)
07the new domain
Well, that's cool
Oh yeah... and the new streaming service used
07yep and the nice watermark
That's never good.
It's awesome how dedicated you guys are
Is it bronystate.com now?
07bronystate.net
or .net
There we go
07and we are still recruiting
07hint hint!
Well, what do you need?
lol I'm kinda swamped as it is with studies and work
07Mods
what?
07Creative people
07name your talent and i'll see if we can work something out
whats going on?
CSS and XHTML is a talent that might apply...
im good with UDK
I can do some basic logo work, image manipulation and such.
07nothing special is going on.. just a unusual lack of sleep.. so much to do to make the S2 premiere the best experience for you guys ever
Hey Wrek?
Well, I still wish you didn't have to forego sleep for us :(
07Dari
07he's drawing
07on his live-stream
Ah.
/me hugs Luna
What's the link again?
I can do basic scripting and make maps and certain scenarios to go with them, I can also make some stuff in Flash
07http://www.livestream.com/johntb
05hi dari
I'd love to, but with my raiding schedule on weekends it's hard to be here for BMN :(
Creative people huh. I may be able to chip in with some artwork
Brb, need to help them ponyfolk
07he just tuned in into your channel :P
Just wondering if you could make something Flash compatable.
05itriguing
I could do it myself but I have no doubt it'd look a lot better if you did it.
but my talents seem to be somewhat useless in this situation....
oh, I can also use Unity
Oh, I am the God of hellfire!
/me installed new RAM
05hmm
/me installed the newest beta of UDK
Unreal?
eeeyup
Ooh... Whatcha working on?
well, im in the middle of downloading it
just some random stuff
work on scripting
I've done a sort of placeholder for now though.
Alright
also i might mess around with matinee
I'll show you the example.
05okie dokie loki
I'll send over Skype.
Wait what.
hi
At Synros.
07Hey Hat
07good to see you again
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qM9IQ95iJlk <-- Ah, Portal.
07what's with synros?
Hi Luna btw
/me points at the title on one of the Skype rooms
05i dont get it
im home sick :(
07Lo Decap
YOOOOOOO JOOEEEE
/me falls off chair
dat nuerotoxin
what is the stream on?
I cant see anything
07we are streaming our watermark :)
I cant see anything at all
heading out for the day until evening
I just see a black screen
bye freezeframe
is the mainstream still down?
Rumor has it that there was something streamed at some point somewhere here. But even through I was preset I did not found out what when or where...
i like the watermark
07yay!
what font is it in?
I see no watermark
07ponyfont I believe
07WAAAT
omg theres a ponyfont
07bronystate.net/theatre
Is it that thing in the corner that says "Bronystate"?
are you streaming just a black screen?
can i make a suggestion for the watermark
07go ahead
it might be good if it had two colours, via a border or a slight gradient so it doesn't go invisible when there's something pink onscreen
wait, is the watermark like pink/purple?
its on the low-quality stream
i feel like Gordon Freeman because im running around killing stuff with a crowbar >.>
Beware the mighty crowbar.
:O
I really hope you're playing a game right now Decap.
i am
Dead Island
mfw i find a relvoler that i cant use for another like 8 levels
Lol.
but it doesnt matter, i have a cleaver to throw
But if you throw your cleaver, you won't have it anymore.
you go and pick it back up
07i'll pass the suggestion through
07thanks Hat
yw
is there a way to make it so that when you run a program that you always run it as administrator?
http://www.howtogeek.com/howto/windows-vista/always-start-an-application-in-administrator-mode-on-windows-vista/
what about on windows 7?
its the same
thanks
np
Hey.
How big should the traffic lights be?
As in pixel size?
Hi
Hi
Right click the .exe, to go the compatibility tab, then check always run as administrator
me 10 minutes late but has that crap in memory.
already did
So I was just on EQD.
Did you guys see that Hasbro put a Magneto toy in the MLP store? XD
Yes
Herosprit, you failed your name again
ffffffffffffff
FFFFFFFFFFF
I lold at that herospirit
But looks like it's fake
Yah, I hear that as well
Aaaaanyway, I'm gonna go get lunch and check out my car loan
See you guys in an hour or so
What looks quite fake?
http://www.hasbro.com/mylittlepony/en_US/shop/details.cfm?guid=F4DC0C22-6F95-1014-AC4F-9CBB844E488B&product_id=23883
Your mustache
I do love my moustache, even if it's not of Spike-ian proportions.
hey guys
05will they be between the banners?
Ah, Hero saw the MAGNETO!
Owo
lol
why not?
Look at the eyes. Pure hatred.. EVIL
Pinkie Pie is the goddess of parties. She's not evil.
Thats true.. But the eyes in that picture
Wouldnt you be at least a little teensy bit afraid?
i see nothing wrong with that picture at all
nope
(I'm exaggerating)
I might be afraid of whoever it is on the left...
Thats Bubble Berry, the male version of Pinkie Pie
(On a Cross and an Arrow)
ah okay, well that explains it
Can't keep track of all the OCs :(
Not sure if you would consider them an OC
They are in reality, just a genderswap
So Rule 63
Yay.
DCD
<_<
Ohai
ohay NewDCD
what happen
Your phone got flash DCD?
I didn't get my super admin powers
oh there we go
dari: NOPE.tiff
Meh.
why?
Traffic lights.
I finished them.
I love stuff like this, it's cool. XD
Fuckwintastic
>change number in XML file
>traffic light changes live
so tell me Dario-sama-san-chan-kun-tachi
Awesomez.
will Oddyseus allow us to implement a Dynamic Limit System?
You mean to throttle the number of messages people can send or what?
(We should call that DLS, cause that sounds awesome)
no I mean for the main rooms
although yes, a throttled room should be part of our agenda
To stop people from joining locked rooms I'd just make them invite only.
Bot would handle it all automatically.
winning
ffffffffff
when will the new system be implemented?
I can't really implement it before we have the frontend set up.
you mean the thing Wrek and Silver are working on?
They only thing I'm still thinking about how to do is message throttling still.
I'm not sure who's working on it.
All I can think of is that the chat is moderated.
People get auto-voice on join.
And when they send a message their voice is removed for a couple minutes or something.
By a bot.
how about I google message throttling
Although that does sound like something that'd work
As long as we can turn off voice notifications
You can change the settings on the mibbit embed so that it doesn't show when people get/lose voice right?
Though anyone not using mibbit would still see the messages.
Maybe I could, I'll try
Try to see if there's someway to disable that notification though
I just saw that a few minutes ago
"an age of love and tolearnce...and all will know... that 300 ponies... gave their LAST BREATH to defend it!"
ohay Daz
Anyone seen the Professor Layton movie?
If I win the choice of movie next week,I'll either choose that or back to the future,still undecided.
http://bash.org/?244321
ohey RobotPinkie
Hat - I like that Cthon98 person
:p
Wow, I didn't know IRC could do that! Let me try: ********
Hmm, let me try too: ****:3*****
:3
obviously everyone's password here would be rainbow20
Dat title
...mfw Sonic Generations will feature Shadow. Why, sega?
Should be what, Hat? That just shows up as rainbow20 to me.
o u silly
you all see *****s though :D
Shadow as a playable character in the "new school" levels, or in both, Daz?
I'm bored of this now
is stream up
RobotPinkie, it's newsfeed from 59 minutes ago. i'll copypasta it
Aw, I bored Daz :(
I found Cheerilee and Lily Blossom, btw :3
epic. I hope to get the 4set with CMC and Cheerie
http://www.facebook.com/Sonic?ref=ts
here's that sonic thing
reason i'm online is sorting stuff out - i'm gonna be recording FiM in spanish (even thou from what i've seen the dubs suck : /) from episode 2 or 3 onwards, editing them into 720p vids, and uploading to youtube. SOMEpony had to upload the spanish versions :3
I want that CMC set too, but I think it's gonna take a long time for it to get here :(
i know :
: / *
and cool :P
I'm kinda scrapping most of my projects, btw.
or putting them on the shelf indefinitely, to be finished at the same time as Duke Nukem Forever.... oh wait
Scrap them all until one remains. then don't do anything till that one's done.
Eh, kinda, I'm keeping two projects.
So,no help with my dielmma?
I dunno, EmmettBrown, I've seen the Back to the Future movies a lot of times.
but on the other hand they are awesome.
The professor layton movie has puzzles for you to answer in it
Which would be interesting in irc chat
That's true.
or whatever this is
07SUDDENLY!
LOFN
/me nods
:P
/me meows at Luna
07LURK mode OFFLINE http://i.imgur.com/hhtyK.png
D'awww, every time I see that pic
07Who wants some http://i.imgur.com/FTTY3.jpg?
Suddenly Luna back
Well, suddenly I am back
05suddenly everyone back
07ohai AllisZero
Oooh, ooh, me!
I do!
Hi woona
/me gives hugs to RobotPinkie & Wrek
/me hugs luna
/me hugs Luna back
/me pokerfaces.
07dat pokerface
:|
What, no Rarity hugs?
07http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lrebhr8sf21qincmao1_500.jpg
She's holding her phone with her wing?
Well that was dumb.
dat Luna lurking
07I know it's awesome right?
Alright, let's see what I have for the afternoon...
/me is curious now
Well,since the professor layton movie is one movie,and the back to the future trilogy(It's a quadrilogy now) is 3,maybe I'll save bttf for another time and ask for the professor layton movie.
There's a Professor Layton movie?
yep
puzzles and everything
Speaking of back to the future, did you guys see those Nike shoes going for 75000 dollars?
I saw those
07Alright who owns left4dead2 and is up for a game with sleepy Luna?
It the same technology as the wire reel in a vacuum cleaner
07don't be shy
I would Luna, but I'm not at home and feel bad to play it at work :p
07aww
cool so BronyChat has its own irc server? :)
07yea I can understand that
Theres also a professor layton pheonix wright crossover coming out
07We have our own domain too
07bronystate.net
guys I just watched my first episode of MLP this morning at 5:30am on TreeHouse. It felt like the season finale but it turned out it was actually the 2nd episode...
07hehehe
Welcome to the goddamn herd.
07welcome brony!
Enjoy your stay :)
Welcome to the herd; here's your complimentary soda and shipping fic.
I was reading on the treehouse forums that people's children don't want to watch this show and run away screaming and crying from it. I thought that this was cool
My guess is that Darkness Moon and that zebra witch are too scary?
07Zecora scary?
07Hmmmmm
07nahhhh
No, I think the children are more disturbed by their parents liking the cartoon more than they do
Well, there are plenty more of awesome in the episodes you're yet to see, bro
http://bronies.memebase.com/2011/09/12/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-evil-evil-villain-needs-a-hobby/
well I mean I haven't seen the zebra ep yet I just saw her profile on the wiki with the glowing eyes and sith good
*hood
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/pokmon-haters-will-be-in-the-process-of-hating.gif
wait if dr. evil is holding rarity who is mini me holding...
oh sweetybelle
Lul Squirtle
What's with the new 3rd Stream service?
haters gonna hate
All the episodes are still up on Youtube for now, bro :D
yfw they have been taken down by Habsro
Yes.. Luna, that hugs picture made my day. Thanks :P
again?
I wouldn't mind Hasbro being a bitch about taking them down if they made it more available...
are they evne selling S1 on dvd yet?
No, sadly
okay guys
I hope they do soon, and perhaps on Blu-Ray
because the only time I can see it in Canada is 5:30am mondays and 6:30pm wednesdays. It's not flexible
almost to the hospital
Time to bring joy to kids with HIV!
Nope, episodes are still up!
seeing ep 2 convinced me I want it all
Yay!
... http://www.equestriagaming.com/2011/09/equestria-tales.html I want
This should be the whole series in one playlist. http://miburl.com/j16UL8
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-spike-watches-it-for-the-plot1.jpg
RobotPinkie, how about this? http://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_629523&src_vid=Vnelx6VLm9Y&v=ueWZBsrfPsk&feature=iv
John Madden!
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
05no spamming decap
Tiny equines that are in my possession
Nice play of words there
Well, that's also good Rainbow_Dash
so I was thinking, the difference in animation smoothness from the first 80s ponies is kinda similar to comparing G1 transformers right? but it could be a good source of plot
I kinda prefer having a playlist, though.
I want MLP to buy the rights to use Kleo the Misfit Unicorn, she's a horned pegasus / winged unicorn too like the princesses
I ASM THE DUCK IN THE DICK MOBILE!
I AM THE DUCK IN THE DICK MOBILE!
So,I suppose I'll go with the professor layton movie,only problem is I'm not sure if it's an A movie or a B movie
If I got picked, I would choose Howl's Moving Castle
Lol
good lord. A youtube vid of the entire first season?
Yes
Rainbow_Dash: I'd pick either Grave of the Fireflies or The Fantastic Adventures of Unico
Grave of the Fireflies... is a movie that everypony should see once
Orly
if you had the first season as a single film like espy said, would that mean you would tkae out the start/end music?
Yeah.
http://www.veoh.com/watch/v20393415WTQ3bYk3?h1=Howls+Moving+Castle+part+1
Thats a small sample of Howls Moving Castle
Its an anime movie
hm are we unable to connect here using pidgin? :(
and you wouldn't understand it if you hadn't played the games up to the 4th one.
Well,you probably would,but there are quite a few references to the series
And it is implied that people are aten by sharks,wolves and fall to their deaths in it
hey everypony
Hey
But anyway,that will be my choice if I win the roll on friday/saturday
/me crashed back to the earth
Im back from the moon everybody
Try not to stay for to long
Why? what's going on
Nothing, im just messing with you :P
:| Good thing im not im a moon-launching mood right now
lol
there is an epidemic, thats whats going on
PARASPRITES!?
nope
flesh eating disease
man why does rainbow dash look so awesome after they unlock the keys to harmony
AHH
it's like she's being suspended by her power
and she is awesome
awesome plus awesome equals more awesome
does anyone else predict there will be "Elements of Discord" minions who serve Discord?
I have a the answers. NO SPOILERS.
I think the people making it are going to put their pony personas somewhere into s2
I hate dealing with Adobe licensing SOOO MUCH
I think you should take a seat over there
WOAH-OH! LIVIN' ON A PRAYER!
Cant watch you, I'm asleep
since Sabrina is the senior storyboard artist for MLP, we just gotta see WF right?
hey
*gasp*
Background character maybe
/me watches exclusive clip of season 2
O.o
yeah I meant background, although maybe in season 3 she can race rainbow dash
because she is winged and fire makes me think fast
oh, anyone seen young justice?
Discord confirmed for troll
Adobe y u not pick up the phone when I call
Rainbow_Dash: Those poor wings and horns.
I made my pony-sona to be rainbow dashs cousin just cuz i said so haha
LOL Discord...
Somepony needs to shoop the trollface on him
o.o
Seriously... hahaha...
q: is this fanservice? http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110912071442/mlp/images/f/ff/Saddleless_diamond_mint.png
Wait... Discord is Ghost
/me sends Discord to the MOOOOOOOON
there ya go
Discord teamup with Nightmare Moon imminent
that or some supreme twist like Twilight being corrupted by dark magic
then luna can be all "you saved me now I'll return the favour" kinda thing
Oh no. fire the friendship rainbow lazers
/me fires giant rainbow lazer of friendship
is it possible for them to remake care bears this awesome? I enjoyed that show
lol
in fact you could even have a crossover, carealot and equestria could coexist right
carealot is stupis
*stupid
dude, NoHeart
not to mention ColdHeart and DarkHeart
I have no desire to coexist with them
those were sweet villains
I'm gonna be
You know
Back here.
I kinda like Discord, that personality fits "Chaos"
If you need me, call
They can taste the rainbow
who was it that was called the Prince of Discord?
I know someone had a title like that but I can't place it
Prince of Darkness?
either comics or some cartoon
no it was definitely discord...
google it.
can't find but I'm thinking this might have been in Rifts Conversion Book 2: Pantheons of the Megaverse
oooh
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/newsfeed/000/165/535/40435%20-%20Sweetie_Belle%20meme%20soon.jpg
hey robot im back from the moon
05nope
/me sends LordCelstia to the moon
I think I figured out who Discord is like
Hades from hercules
/me sends the moon into the sun
No, you cant send me to the moon
Ohay Wrek
you cant explain that
Hades was a great villain.
Well, he just did.
2,14 he had a brilliant voice actor too, hades that is
oh yeah
2,14 also although no one has gone too far yet, keep in mind some people wont want to watch the wired video
That's like the one actor that was missing from True Romance...
2,14 so just be careful what you say before the premiere ;)
nope. cant explain me goin to moon, therefore science
There is a video?
2,14 see Dari script's post
2,14 Wired released a short video clip from Season 2
Not gonna watch, seen too much already.
Ah
I want to fully enjoy Episode 1 in all its glory
2,14 it's on EqD, but again, be careful not to spoil anything for people who don't watch it
2,14 a good policy robot ;)
and I don't mean the kind of Episode 1 that has Jar-Jar in it.
I wonder if they have the ~T ban module installed on this network.
I could ban the link.
2,14 well, I don't think it's THAT bad to link it, so long as a warning is given
2,14 that being said, ANY link during the BMN stream is prohibited :P
except appropriate picture links, right?
2,14 yes
I noticed that you got a new streaming service for bronystate.net's theatre.
2,14 we did indeed anon
LOL this is off-topic and a joke from yesterday but I was just playing inFAMOUS 2 and I was about to launch a car into the sky and i turned to my friend and said "You know where I'm gonna send this car?" and he asks "Where?" and i shouted "TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNAAAAH" then after it exploded i yelled "BEEYEETCH!"
Is there any special reason for it? (not objecting to it or anything, just curious)
>from yesterday
2,14 mostly because Veemi is lamesauce and we've been sick of it :P
Ah.
New streaming service seems pretty good, too
2,14 yeah, so far I'm liking the results
We won't have to reset it every time it goes back up, right?
I have yet to see anything on the new stream. :/
Oh lawd, I <3 that Rarity dress
2,14 give it time, all shall be revealed soon! mwahahahahaaha!
2,14 in other words, be patient, we just want to make sure everything is perfect for S2 :P
so I saw Jar Jar on an episode of clone wars
he actually does a competent job of distracting the trade federation representative with his antics while obi-wan sneaks some cargo ships past a blockage
2,14 Jar Jar does not exist
2,14 period
Who?
olololol
2,14 exactly :P
The episode where he pretends to be a Jedi right?
he's too far incorporated at this point, doesn't bother me
no he's the rep of naboo and... oh wait it wasn't obi-wan it was senator organa
like he juggles and stuff
I once pointed out that that character which does not exist has a line in Episode 3 to a friend
He wuz pretty mad, bro
2,14 episode 3 also does not exist
he probably died during the sith extermination, he doesn't show up on nabu in ep 4 so can't people forgive him in death?
Clone Wars > Episode 3
Episode 3 is at least better than 1+2
Eh, I kinda like Episode 2 and 3 =P
2,14 forgive? no
2,14 his death is justice
2,14 you don't forgive a murderer when you finally inject the needle
this whole TCW series is just... better than the entire prequel trilogy
Also, Clone Wars is pretty cool, but the first Clone Wars series was better.
2,14 the CG or the cartoon?
2,14 because the CG is shit
I'm watching thinking "when is ahsoka going to die"
Both are good, but the cartoon was better.
noooo but <3 ahsoka tahno
and they actually humanize the clones and stuff which makes their abuse all the more tragic
>yfw the Blu Ray release of Episode 4 has him in virtually every scene
WHAT
>yfw Episode 4-6 are now all musicals featuring him
The CG one takes awhile to get going. By season 2 it's pretty good.
Star Wars 3D
Pinkie that has to be a lie, that'd be worse than shooping young Anakin over old Anakin in force ghost
lawl
Yeah, I'm kidding, bro
or replacing puppet yoda with CG yoda
wat? He's been completely replaced now?
definitely old>young force ghost has to be the worst, it's even worse than making han shoot 2nd
Han never shot first, because Greedo didn't shoot.
the only person to shoot still shoots first
You know, there are people out there that have never seen Han shoot first.
also I love how Greedo is in The Clone Wars
Han shot Greedo in cold blood, now that's a T-shirt I'd buy
and manages to escape and stuff
No, the only person to shoot is the only person to shoot :P
Han probably knew Greedo's background in kidnapping and stuff so it's not as immoral as it seems
Greedo wasn't merely a bounty hunter for criminals, but an immoral merc
Oh yeah, Han definitely knew Greedo WOULD shoot him if it continued on much longer...
Self defence, he feared fopr his life. Greedo had a gun pointed at him.
besides, didn't greedo's finger slip on the trigger as he collapsed or something?
Totally justified.
I think guys like Greedo and Chewie were ambiguous and we could have perceived them as being younger
but since they were both adults during the clone wars, they're freakin old by the time of the orig tril
That's true... though I haven't seen the Clone Wars
2,14 Robot: see the cartoon version
2,14 it's amazing
I still want the new Star Wars blu rays though
I think I saw an ep or 2 of the 2d clone wars but not as much as the 3d
Cartoon > CGI, but CGI is still good.
I wish they'd come up with slightly different titles to call them by
How about the old Reboot cartoon?
i just want to eat my damn sammich
I actually enjoy most of the improvements. My big problem is the stupid fucking musical number at Jabba's palace :P
2,14 sorry, I hated the CGI
ITS A FIREWAAALLLL
EspyLacopa totally different conversation. :p
2,14 the animation was blocky as shit, the voice actor's were terrible
YES BRO!
<3 AndrAIa
2,14 and the writing...god awful
ValtheJean did you watch anything beyond the first couple episodes?
what do you mean 'was', isn't the cgi still airing Val? :)
3rd season I believe
the writing is actually pretty good
2,14 I watched a few of the first episodes, then watched a few of the second season
I did not know about this...
2,14 still hated it
I thought there was a CGI movie
Well, at least you gave it a shot.
2,14 :P
I liked that episode that focused on Zero the Hut and his girlfriend
that was great
The CGI movie was basically the first 3 episodes stiched together into a movie.
2,14 despite my flaming egocentric appearance, I do actually treat things with an unbias prespective :P
yeah it was to introduce lolihka
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jnCcejkpjg <-- Have some leather pants
Val have you seen the Ziro the Hutt episode?
Hey, it's more than some people have done ValtheJean :p
2,14 no, I haven't seen that one
2,14 lol :P
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wws7mnMewPw&ob=av3e
it's so good... clones and jedi die a lot in TCW, dark
Also, Firewall was best reboot episode.
2,14 I miss Reboot
2,14 that was such an awesome show
It was.
the only thing I disliked about reboot was the whole matrix/boob andraia thing
Heh
2,14 lol, though it did make me feel terrible every time I beat the computer at a game
2,14 though I've gotta say, either that user sucked at games, or he lived a miserable life
2,14 it's like, he comes back from his meaningless job, goes on the computer, and gets his ass kicked
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=al6ssH4vkdY
that's assuming it was the same server, mainframe was connected to the net so it could have been an online game right?
2,14 his wife leaves him because she can't be with a guy who can't play games
2,14 his children rebel against him, as he has no authority
Any stream today, btw?
I haven't sen anything here today just a swirling line
2,14 he dives into the realm of alcoholism and lives the last twenty years of his life in a ditch
2,14 though I may be extrapolating farther than I should ;)
My computer must look like a warzone after all these years. :(
you know what's freaky: the codemasters
they should have built on that concept more
THEY RELEASED DISCORD
That sounds completely plausible, val
2,14 :P
FUCK YEAH
2,14 we know gummy, though as a reminder don't spoil anything for the people who chose not to watch it ;)
dammit, too late
"Ladies and gentlemen, Megabyte has left the building!"
Discord: Discover or Die
he's a...villain, let's say that
And at least two people on EqD are crying RUINED FOREVER! but the others are satisfied
oh, Enzo's birthday eh Dash
2,14 seriously? people are complaining
Yes
2,14 like...good grief...it had a warning
it's not what i expected, but great for a different reason
2,14 I swear, I have no idea how people function on the internet without being able to READ
if we don't know what discord looks like yet, someone draw him as a disc + a cord
Megabyte and Hexadecimal.
I bet he's a cyborg pony
I mean two people said they're not gonna watch the entire series ever again because they're so disappoiintede
teenagers most likely
2,14 .......
IT'S A FIREWALL! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_903744xh8
Hex was hot, I don't know what I would do if that was my sis
Eeyup
2,14 OH NOEZ, I KNOW WHAT DISCORD LOOKS LIKE NOW! MY LIFE IS RUINED
same with dot, why did matrix not tap that
but with a name like Latias4Ever what did you expect?
also, he has an awesome voice, just a different type of awesome
2,14 agreed gummy :P
Bro, because she only had one boob in the first two seasons. :p
no it was I DON'T LIKE HOW DISCORD TURNED OUT! MY LIFE IS RUINED!
ValtheJean: The fandom only has room for one drama queen, and that space is occupied quite firmly by Rarity.
based on how season 1 went, isn't discord probably only going to be in the first 2 episodes and get defeated?
and then the rest of the season is the ponies goofing around?
2,14 lol bro
bro: probably
2,14 I'm assuming that's what they're doing, but honestly we wont know until it comes out
and then it will turn out that discord is actually Luna's little brother
2,14 lol
I WAS MAD YOU TURNED MY SIS EVIL
Well, at least Discord isn't... well, some other alicorn they shoehorned in. I'm impressed with how he turned out actually
2,14 and the cycle of Celestia-related characters showing up once and never appearing again continues
2,14 careful
2,14 no spoilers
at first i was like -_- but then i was like :D
yeah flutter I actually was picturing discord as an alicorn bro don't spoil my dream
don't worry, I'm b eing careful not to spoil
that was totally a spoiler
2,14 I know, but it's my duty to remind everyone
2,14 because the last thing we want is mudwars because someone let something slip
btw can we call enhanced ponies with both add-ons unipegasi?
Spoiler: I like ponies.
All of you, shut up about ponies, we were talking about reboot! :p
already done, called alicorn Bro
NEVAH!
2,14 btw, Sephiroth kills Aeris
alicorn doesn't have etymology I understand
Dammit ValtheJean! I haven't played that game yet!
2,14 trololololo
of, if you guys want to see an amazing anime, Yakitate Japan, I cried
spoiler: he's the villain
btw, Rainbow dash can fly
2,14 but honestly, if you haven't played it yet, then you deserve to have it spoiled
2,14 it's like...such common knowledge
/me dives down from the ceiling and pierces ValtheJean with Masamune
what game?
FF7
FF7
/me drops the Holy materia
anyway aerith survives, yay
i say fuck FF
/me and then doesn't tell anyone thus drawing out the game for another 12 hours
a less known spoiler would be one regarding Kefka and Leo
I learned about it a long time ago. Don't really care. Have no interest in playing it anyway.
/me which btw, was pointless because if I had said it to begin with Cloud would have stopped being such a god damn emo
Damn you, Val!
2,14 trolololololo
Hey, guys, guys.
does cloud even talk?
I mean, Cecil and Terra talked, right?
2,14 and Dashite, I can understand not wanting to play FF
2,14 but the older ones are some classics
spoiler: Final Fantasy is wrong, it isnt final
2,14 I would say give it a try, but hey, to each his own
if we perceive FF as the final adventures of their respective separate worls it would work
2,14 though not 7, I hate 7
ValtheJean JRPGs really aren't my thing.
except of course, for FF6 and 7 and 10 which got sequels
2,14 6 never got a sequel...
or wait I mean FF4 not 6
FF6 got a sequel?
lol I love FF7
Stream's up.
what movie is the soylent green thing from?
Soylent Green
It was rushed as all fuck, but the world was solid and had a ton of fun stuff to do in it
that sounds familiar but not sure...
2,14 7 was only popular because it was a part of the first set of games that were willing to be raunchy
ello all.
Spoiler: Dead Island has zombie sin it
2,14 and so people were like "LAWL THIS IS SO MATURE"
*zombies in
lol FF7 was raunchy?
Zombie sin?!
wow, I just downloaded 810 megabytes of the 21 bronycast episodes
2,14 dude, so much implied inuendo
2,14 it's not even funny
FF7 had crossdressing and Cloud dating Barrett, so sure
I think it was more it was the first 3D Final Fantasy, on the Playstation console, and had a HUGE marketing deal for it.
Is there any way to refresh the stream with this one? It isn't showing for me.
There's only one spot where there's innuendo, and that's at the wall market
>implying implications
in terms of shockers though, nothing beats FF6 dealing with teen pregnancy
like wtf
2,14 you might want to play it again robotpinkie
FF6 had Opera. And the main villain successfully destroying the world.
2,14 6 was and remains the best FF
...You're sure the stream is up?
I can't seem to get anything from the stream either.
I thought Zeromus also destroyed the world
2,14 yeah dari, I'm not getting any stram
2,14 stream*
/me is at http://bronystate.net/theatre/
*Kefka laugh*
6? I thought it was 3 that did that =p
and he had more HP than kef
Oh.
I dunno, there are places you could read stuff into, like when Cloud crashes into the church, but I wouldn't call that "innuendo"
2,14 lol, oh you sumica :P
Oh, so it isn't just me.
2,14 but come on, Kefka is such a brilliant villain
Zeromus. . .who was he again?
if you want innuendo, how about KH's whole keyblade thing
2,14 FF4 main villain
Kefka, psycho clown extraordinaire.
Yeah, store-wise FF6 is superior, definitely
Oh, right. the main villain out of nowhere who lives on the moon. >_>
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!
I thought kefka was't that bad as a villen till saw what he looked like on the psx remastered version of 6
It just doesn't have as much fun stuff to do in it :P
as opposed to espers found in another dimension?
Which you had to ride a giant whale to get to.
2,14 and lol, the irony is that the game with a shitload of characters had, THE BEST CHARACTERS
what the heck is wrong with an alien intelligence?
and the great whale was just the name of the ship, it's not actually a whale
2,14 I'm so sick that they keep shortening the amount of characters you have
Zeromus = Cthulu
Fallout New Vegas Spoiler: Mr. House is 300 something years old
2,14 they're just lazy
:P
2,14 6 had, what 13 characters?
2,14 and aside from like, Umaro, all of them were really well done
it had so many you had to split them into 3 groups in the final level
14 I think.
I just try to think of Umaro as being to Mog what Interceptor is to Shadow
You're forced to make three parties for the final dungeon.
except I think even interceptor had better char dev than Umaro
The end of the world was really awesome in FF6
2,14 lol, agreed bro
You can't even /reach/ the final dungeon if you have fewer than 3 characters in your party.
2,14 oh god...I've read SO many theories about saving shadow or leo
2,14 not a single one worked
I mean he freaking leaps in the way as a shield to protect shad, <3s relm, etc
wat?
2,14 really got my hopes up
what do you mean save shadow?
Spoiler: The 'end of the world' was best in Fallout universe
saving him is easy, you just wait
2,14 nonono
>implying shadow was hard to save
You did't save him Val?
2,14 at the end
Shadow dies at the end of the game.
omg
2,14 when he commits suicide
I never saw that, did that add that in the PS2 version?
Ahh, that's what you mean.
Spoiler:Shadow commits suicide
2,14 it's always there
It's quite possible, and easy, to save him during the floating continent bit.
2,14 his ending for FF6 is him staying behind to redeem himself
I have to admit: I got to the tower of ruin but my game got deleted while I was grinding to 99 so I never beat kefka
2,14 not talking about floating continent
Spoiler:Floating continents are in Final Fantasy
oh
2,14 bro....that really sucks
Only way to not have Shadow die for keeps in FF6 is to save him on the continent, and then to not recruit him again during the World of Ruin section of the game.
Spoiler: Shadow is a ninja
Ninjas always escape, Shadow = SnakeEyes
capslock name bitches
Spoiler:Final Fantasy will never stop, so it is never final
2,14 man, they really should have drawn that out more though
Hey RobotPinkie, planning to check out the Firefly?
2,14 I can still remember when I first noticed Relm could wear Shadow's pendant
Yeah, WhatPayne, just not right now
Espy I just realized, Shadow is Gilgamesh
or Archer-class at least
?
once the next test is over for school I'll probably start watching it, WhatPayne
2,14 that's what Dissidia needed
2,14 Shadow
Gilgamesh is a different character entirely. He's got like. . .6 arms.
No of course not. I just wondered if you still remember our last nights small convo
2,14 it depends on which FF you're talking about
I meant Fate/stay night's Gilgamesh
2,14 the one you're refering to Espy is from 5
so... i finally decided to check fallout equestria
Oh, lol yeah that I do, WhatPayne :P
2,14 or if you really want to get technical, Gilgamesh is an ancient Mediterranian hero (dear god how do you spell that)
I for one am sitting and waiting for good opportunity to watch first season of Dr. Who myself
then i found an audio book
multitasking for the win
>mfw I get all excited about a new Ratchet & Clank game coming out.... and then it looks like crap
regardless of what he is in, I assume Gilgamesh is the same guy
:(
so the Gilgameshes from FF series are also Fate/stay's Gilgamesh
WhatPayne: The William Hartnell, The First Doctor?
uh... I believe it's the 2005 season one.
This is why I like fallout games better, you almost never have charecters from past games actually show up in the later games, just references, except for dogmeat who you can recruit in Fallout 2 from the Cafe of Broken Dreams
You know what they say about assuming~
i know that feel robotpinkie
i was exited too
2,14 Decap: the only thing that stays consistent is the names
assuming = awesomeing
2,14 they are NEVER the same character
2,14 meh, I don't like that :P
You see I have not ever (until one recent hub stream stress test) watched Dr. Who really. And don't know much about the series
2,14 I prefer to see it as the game developers see it: completely different games with the names being the same out of homage to the game that saved them from brankruptcy
you know what's odd is, reading about darth plaguis and stuff, I don't think the sith are evil
2,14 the sith aren't evil
2,14 which is a common misconception
Oh well, there are still 2 good ones for PS3
2,14 nor are Jedi good
if the jedi were trying to kill me for wanting to save my life and the lives of ones I love, I'd want to purge them too
2,14 Jedi are meant to be true neutral, in that they weigh everything equally with no emotion
Thought the only real carry thought in FF was bigs wedge and sid.
Jedi = Taliban
2,14 sith are merely force-wielders who rely on emotions
you can't weigh anything without emotion, it's the foundation of values and morality
2,14 they are considered evil because the factions themselves to not get along
Someone tell me which I should do first. Finish off the first Mass Effect, or start Deus Ex?
2,14 not to the Jedi
Finish
the Jedi are deluding themselves, and history has proven that it's imperfect
2,14 Beginning of the Jedi code: "There is no emotion, there is peace"
what is their motivation to preserve life and peace to begin with, if not an emotional connection to it?
2,14 they don't preserve life, they balance it
2,14 they keep things in order
Jedi are Druids?
Well Dashite says finish. I'll trust that opinion.
2,14 eh...it's a stretch but I'll accept the metaphor
2,14 because druids act out of a divine connection to nature
2,14 which, in itself, is a "love-like" emotion
Jedi ideals seem kinda buddhist-like, but while it's good to not let emotions carry you away, desiring to be void of them leaves one to question what motivates will
2,14 that is a much more acceptable metaphor to me
2,14 the jedi don't wipe out the sith, however, that is why the sith will always exist
2,14 the sith try to exterminate the Jedi, the jedi merely defend themselves as is appropriate
Man I love that new unrelated to spoiler pic on EqD http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-0tho2PxKRn8/Tm06djfwPiI/AAAAAAAAL9k/5ASqNHM8Y_4/s1600/56541+-+Marisa_Kirisame+Master_Spark+Touhou+artist+bux+blue_eyes+cosplay+earth_pony+hat+pinkie_pie+spark+witch_hat.png
2,14 aaaaaaand dead chat
NNNNOOOO
Still not seeing any stream here.
You blew it up!
I shall not watch that season 2 clip!... Or should I?
I plan on not watching it.
2,14 watch it or not, that is your decision. If you DO watch it, respect others for not watching it and be careful of spoilers
I plan on watching the episode here next Saturday
On one hand I'd really like to watch it as the wait is unbearable, but on other hand I don't want to spoil myself.
/me still sees no stream
DCD didn't give us the stream links it seems. >_>
Ahhh
Snapz
Also, did the conversation topic magically change from FF to Star Wars while I was checking out Star Wars: The Old Republic? o.o
So will there be any streams tonight?
Look at The Old Republic, now back at me
2,14 lol, eeyup grim
THE TOPIC IS NOW DIAMONDS!
Diamonds?!
rawr!
/me dings
online :3
They are the girl's best friend
I dunno... Neil Diamond?
/me makes a pickaxe out of diamonds
mew
Neil Peart.
No stream tonight? ----> Haha, time to finish ME1
/me makes a pickaxe out of diamonds, then uses it to hack into the Minecraft servers to get the latest nightly build
the five diamonds
Mass Effect?
Yes
that reminds me, I haven't finished ME2...
2,14 good choice whatpayne
2,14 2012 is just around the corner :P
Spoiller fem shep is better.
2,14 really Robot? dude....FINISH IT
2,14 ME2 was a wonderful game
Yeah I know, it just requires so much time :P
ME2 was good
2,14 lol
Plan is to go through 1&2 just for the third
I finished it in a day
I absolutely love the new battles, though... so much more intense
/me disregards Mass Effect, acquires Battlefield 3~
6Hallo Flootershy~
/me wants a pickaxe made of stars.
2,14 A recommendation:
Oh Battlefield 3 that's another must. But only for PC
2,14 if you're getting only one DLC, get Overlord
/me ponypounces VioletVanilla
Hi VioletVanilla... :3
I want Battlefield 3.....
/me is ponypounced~ :3
Hey Fluttershy
Shadow Broker > Overlord
6I played the Alpha!
2,14 and ohai violet
lol I got ME2 for PS3, it's already got all the DLC I think :P
2,14 Dashite: meh, I didn't like Overlord
/me glomps Fluttershy
2,14 too much Liara
and before you ask, yes I did play ME1 for Xbox 360
You mean Shadow Broker...
2,14 yeah, that's what I meant
2,14 brain is fuzzled right now, doing lots of stuff
I played first BF1942 when it came out and loved it. I played BF2 when it came out and loved it. And I will play BF3 when it comes out and love it
Overloard was a hell of alot better then the last one... what was it countdown.
All the DLC disappointed me in the same way that the base game did. Your party was way too damn silent.
6I was about to say Val. . . I may be very very tired but I think you got it backwards~ ;3
D:
The Arrival.
2,14 lol
oh, anyone else looking forward to Tribes: Ascend?
Which was so stupid.
Potato? ^_^
6WhatPayne, you will ADORE BF3. I promise it. I played the Alpha and it was entirely 10000000% enjoyable.
I'm following Tribes, Firefall and Planetside.
But now enough the talk about these games or I will never be able to double click that ME1 icon.
I really enjoy ME2 so far, I can tell they were inspired by Demon's Souls
Ive returned from the moon
Yeah the only good thing about Arrival was it's the set up for 3
RobotPinkie WAT?
2,14 I hated arrival
VioletVanilla: Did you play it for console or PC?
Violet how did you get to play the alpha?
LordCelstia, you're missing a vowel
6Fluttershy, PM please.
2,14 was complete shit, and a waste of my money
huh?
They were, Dashite. Not joking.
How so?
6PC, consoles are. . . below my standards~ ;D
oh u
lol
HEY
Oh thank god
.....llllllll
VioletVanilla: part of PC master race. :p
dashite: 2845 was tragic tease eh
Much more punishing difficulty, more need to use cover, and so on
fluttershylover
fo you love fluttershy
Only reason I have consoles is because there are few games not available for PC
the quiet ones are the evil ones
6I was invited by EA in partnership with DICE. Played it for an entire weekend.
2,14 lol, that's because ME1's combat system was a joke
>>
<<
/me got a knife kill.
:|
o-o; hmmm?
I'm not sure that means they were inspired by Demon's Souls. :/
RobotPinkie I dout you played it on the hardist setings then.
/me [AK-47] AlltheJean
/me glomps Fluttershy
/me runs over VioletVanilla in a tank
damn it didnt work out
where things could one shot you
all i can say to that VioletVanilla is FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
/me [AK-74u] DecapKing
/me is glomped yet again, eeps. e-e; "Ahhh...."
Sumica, ME1 on hardest? Still easy.
Dashite, what is this about Demon's Souls?
/me glomps Silvermane
As in one of the designers on the project literally said so, Dashite.
/me dodges
/me faceplants
SilverMane, RobotPinkie was saying that ME2 was influenced by Demon's Souls.
Oh Hi Fluttershy
/me artillery VioletVanilla, Silvermane, LordCelestia, Fluttershy
Demon's Souls was released in 2009
6Dashite. I will get you with the C4 I strapped to my helichopter~
or maybe that was for ME3? lol
Uh oh...
6WHATPAYNE THERE ARE JETS! 8DD
2,14 that was probably it robot :P
VioletVanilla, you have to strap it to the humvee or dune buggy
ME3? MOAR LIKE ME2.5 AMIRITE?!
I dunno, I always get games over a year late :P
6YU AR RITE~
In Battlefield 3? I'd hope so. There were planes and tanks and ships in Bf1942 and Bf2
Fluttershy, what is the uppers with ya'l
Well, ME2 uses the ME3 engine on PS3
I still want to be able to make people rage by just sitting in the SAM missile launchers XD
2,14 um...what?
though not for gameplay, just graphically
huh..?
And I really hope that BF3 will at some point release mod tools.
huh what
2,14 how can ME2 use ME3's engine...ME3 hasn't even been released...
=_=;
6WhatPayne: Ja~ It was fantastisch!
I return
Graphics engine for ME3 is revamped
Who?
Hi Violet, Val
VioletVanilla, ever played bf1942?
elele! elele! elele! elele! elele! elele! elele! elele! elele!
I played the 360 version of it
HAHAHAHA
2,14 okay, so that means ME3 is using ME2's engine, that's a very different statement :P
2,14 ohai allis
...no, Val
how was your day Ari?
ME2 for PS3 was released much later
/me glomps Fluttershy again. "BECAUSE I CAN"
/me gently hugs Fluttershy
Bf1942 had the most brilliant mod called Forgotten Hope
ValtheJean, not quite. They made modifications to it for ME3 and those modifications made it into ME2 for PS3 because it was released so much later.
/me [AK-47] Silvermane
I might have to check it out WhatPayne
Yes, Dashite
Noo, not the glompz... T^T Not when I feel so sick.. blargh
6Of course Payne! ;3 The original is one of the only ones you can do an upside down plane, rocket theirs, and then land back in it.
2,14 meh, that's just stupid then. ME2 on the PS3 sucked ass
Hot Wheels! Battle Force 5! Gotta fight together to survive! Never give up, never give in, we're gonna drive, Battle Force Five!
/me [Artillery] LordCelestia
lolwhy, ValtheJean?
Well there is Forgotten Hope 2 for Bf2 as well
I'm playing it on PS3, it's working fine
Anyone in here have levels of paladin?
2,14 from what I read, it had stuttering issues, as well as missing content
Everyone knows that Console ME is worst ME. Doesn't matter if it's on PS3 or 360. :p
Oh right. I never done that plane rocket jump thing-y. But had bucketloads of fun just playing it online
/me [M4A1 Carbine] Dashite
Haven't experienced any stuttering, missing content would srsly suck though.
He shot me and then left. :/
/me [F-18] LordCelestia
Dashite, which is why I bought ME1 for PC
im still here...
/me Respawns
Oh!
It was LordCelstia, not LordCelestia.
A level 6+ paladin can use Remove Disease as a spell-like ability once per week, Fluttershy~
Poor Fluttershy, you should be resting if you are sick. Not hanging out with crazy glomp happy ponies.
I've only gotten one game on PS3 which I regret not getting for 360 :P
And I was like, huh... Gotta try that.
=_=; Well, at least it's not happening in real life, though even thinking of being glomped makes me feel a bit queasy... sigh.
/me begins with random D&D references
PS3 version's graphics are much worse, and the framerate still isn't even close to on 360.
But there are few games that are the reasons I have consoles. Halo, Metal Gear Solid and Uncharted.
Seriously pissed me off that Sony got an exclusivity deal for it in Europe :(
Well, in that case...
NHL12. :) Eee! It's on it's way to me as we speak! :D
RobotPinkie: What exclusivity?
/me shouts, "SOUP! The cure for ALL ailments!"
/me [MOON CANNON] DecapKing
i spelled it wrong earlier
i just refreshed th page haha
And i was like OATMEAL? are you crazy?
oh.
nvm...
Anybody wanna be sent to the moon?
im in a mood sending atitude
it was exclusively for PS3 here for a long time
Oh, right.
LordCelestia I am not in moon sending mood sadly... >:
and PS3 version is much, much worse
still a good game, but I feel tricked :P
Any Halo fans here? (and I mean the singleplayer not the multiplayer)
Okay, but are you in a banana mood Fluttershy? i have some bananas here. in my banana bag
2,14 oiy...when will that meme die?
I love Halo 1&2 singleplayer, WhatPayne
2,14 it's not even that funny of a video
RAAAGE! Stop sending me campus jobs!
-thinks about bananas, sticks out her tongue- ...no, sorry...
Halo 3 made me rage a whole lot
It will never die.
ok well good
Sweet. Halo is my absolute favorite game series.
2,14 it should :P
cause you aint findin any bananas
Why is that RobotPinkie?
In fact I am supprised magneto hasent showed up yet.
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
/me launches Fluttershy to the moon
BEEYETCH!
Because of the AI, WhatPayne... I might have been extremely unlucky, but they kept driving me over cliffs and into walls
TWICE the game had a checkpoint right when I went over a cliff because of the stupid AI
Oh, I don't really mind that. Sure it's problem, but I only play Halo for it's plot.
Aw i feel sorry for Fluttershy
/me is launched to the moon. "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH..." Fluttershy then splats against the surface.
2,14 halo....plot
/me goes and gently carries Fluttershy down back to earth
2,14 aha...haha....ahahaha....AHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHAAH
Oh halo has so massive plot
-teary eyed now- "Why did... did you launch me in the first place?!"
2,14 oh god I'm crying from all this laughter
/me casts Revenance on Fluttershy
BECAUSE I LOVE YOU
It's round and firm with nice finish
2,14 the only game that has less plot than Halo is Gears of War
lol u so meen, ValtheJean
/me and Fluttershy dramatically hufg THE END :D
*hug
ValtheJean Tetris?
ValtheJean: ever read the books?
2,14 sigh....smart ass
Oh!
Solitaire!
2,14 books do not fucking count, period
lol :P
2,14 fucking self-published bastards
>> wait... you launch ponies out of love now? That's new...
2,14 ruining the god damn industry
I dunno, I thought there was a very good cinematic feel to the Halo games
Lawl, Val y u so elitist.
You see I love Halo for it's plot (and that does not mean hindquarters)
Yep. now when i liek someone, imma send them to the moon
2,14 Dari, unless you've read the Halo books you can't fucking talk
ROMANTIC IS IT NOT?
2,14 it's appaling
I don't play Halo.
So I wouldn't have read the books.
:P
2,14 okay, then don't call me elitist :P
lol you are kind of elitist about literature, ValtheJean :P
I know a whole lot of people don't like Halo for the same reason I don't like Call of Duty
Not that I'm complaining
EPIC FLUTTERSHY SINGING http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zPQTTE7yE8&feature=related
Simply because its too big. But I look past that.
Wait. Waitwait wait. . .wait.
2,14 I'm only elitist about literature because of how far we've lowered our standards
Halo has a /plot/?
2,14 depends on his works
Yes it does... Well not so much plot, but rich thought out universe.
or is it Stephen?
I dunno what you've read of his books.
2,14 though honestly, he's a much better magazine writer than he is a novel author
6Dear sweet Pinkie's baked bads ): Val. . .
I really enjoyed The Stand and Insomnia
Are we still talking about Halo?
2,14 wut violet?
lol if you like
Obviously you guys haven't spent enough time online. Halo has so much plot...
I like the plot of Halo 1, in a sense.
Yeah. Halo 3 was not as good as Halo 2 nor Halo 1
2,14 yeah Dashite. Remember that time when Master Chief tea-bagged that Covenant spy?
It is very well paced
God dammit ValtheJean! I tried to tell him I wasn't a spy!
and by the time you get to chapter 7 or whatever it is, and The Flood starts coming... wow
Indeed. Halo would still be brilliant even without it's sequels. It can stand on its own legs
I always assumed that Halo was a game wherein you found enemies and then shot them until they stopped moving.
2,14 lol, I like you espy :P
I mean that chapter, with the Flood, that was one of the most intense gaming experiences I've ever had
SilverMane.... =-=
I felt high by the time I got to the next chapter
Halo loses because it contains the Library
EspyLacopa: That's because you skipped the cut-scenes did you not?
2,14 sorry, but the intensity of action does not equate to plot
the what now? I must admit, I have never actually played Halo.
Last FPS I played was the first Half-Life game
No, it doesn't, but there are elements of good storytelling in it
yes Fluttershy?
2,14 oh what a cruel world this i
Oh hell yes brother man RobotPinkie. The swamp. That was so ominous. And you had no idea the Covenant would not be your only enemy.
2,14 is* even
SilverMane you are not in the usual rooms... >>;
You don't think pacing is part of a good story, Val? :P
2,14 if there were a God, he would be a massive troll, for the amounts of pain he causes me
I know Fluttershy. Just taking a break for the moment.
lol you are such a troll, Val :P
2,14 pacing? going from shooting things every 10 seconds as opposed to every 2 seconds is not good pacing
And even the Library level anyone hates for its repetition. Was brilliant in my opinion, hard as hell but brilliant
SilverMane: oh....
*everyone
/me hugs Fluttershy.
I dunno, didn't like the Library either, but the chapter before was great so I can forgive that.
And in the end, isn't almost all fps games those where you simply shoot enemies upon enemies?
/me is hugged, purses her lip. "There's just so many ponies in here..." >>;
You really think that's all there is to it, Val?
/me escorts Fluttershy to a PM chat
2,14 the cutscenes were typical action movie shots. There was nothing redeeming about that
I kinda figured that was why the games have remained popular: Multiplayer, wherein you toss a bunch players on a map and they start killing each other.
2,14 I will recognize Halo for it's part in being the first modern shooter
2,14 but I will never consider it good story telling
ValtheJean, again you can say that for pretty much any fps out there.
2,14 nope
2,14 Half-Life 2
Containing elements of good storytelling and being good storytelling are different things...
HL2 is boring. :/
Is ep3 of Half Life 2 out yet?
2,14 then you fail at life Dashite, there is nothing more to say :P
Half-Life 2 is my second or third best game after Halo, so I can't argue with that
Valve can go jump off a bridge. There are only so many times I can sit trapped in a room unloading all my ammo into the face of NPCs who just don't know when to shut up.
I had much fun playing Counter-Strike back in college on the campus network.
I do prefer Killzone 2&3 to the Halo games though, but the story is atrocious in KZ2
2,14 lol, agreed robot
2,14 but damn it those guns are so fun to fire
Overall Half-Life 2 does the storytelling better than Halo. But I still prefer the Halo
I got through HL2 once. Can't stand playing it again.
is it offline or did we crash it?
Of course, now if I want to play counter-strike I have to actually /pay/ for it.
Offline
I once spent ten minutes just stabbing that stupid cockhead Rico in the face because he's so goddamn stupid :P
k
2,14 it's offline tony, no one is streaming
2,14 lol IKR?
I hate counterstrike.
6Dashite. We need to
but yeah, gameplay is amazing in KZ2&3
I also Hate Halo's, multiplayer.
6COMMAND UND CONQUER!!!
2,14 haven't played 3 yet, but I want to
:D
VioletVanilla, Dashite, Don't forget me!
I have to leave for class in a little bit. :(
Highly recommended, much less annoying story, though... that's not saying much.
I too want to Command & Conquer
2,14 yeah, but even if the cutscenes are terribad, the visuals are rather impressive
BTW RobotPinkie did you play Halo ODST?
6And WhatPayne~
Not yet, WhatPayne, waiting until I can find it very cheap.
How cheap?
I personally liked it more that Halo 3 or Reach.
lol I don't buy games when they're completely new :P
I dunno, $20?
and yeah KZ3 looks absolutely amazing, especially if you consider the 3D, ValtheJean
2,14 yeah
RobotPinkie, should be $20 at gamestop.
Reach was absolute mess... It retconned too much of Halo 1's story
Or Amazon.
I live in Sweden, though... prices don't always drop as quickly here :(
Same in Finland RobotPinkie
wish I could import from the US, but 360 is region locked
Amazon.co.uk?
We pay 60€ for new ps3/360 games in stores
Hmmm, that might be worth it even with shipping, Dashite
thanks for the tip
That's 82UDS
I think Webhallen has it for around $25ish
the USD is pretty weak right now, though...
Yeah.
But still, come on.
Oh wow, so they do, Dashite, thanks
Luckily PC games are much cheaper.
No problem.
I can drop by there next week, awesome.
Was just trying to remember the places that I've heard Swedish people buying from before. :D
And even cheaper when you purchase them avoiding taxes.
lawl, webhallen is where all the gamers go pretty much
RobotPinkie how many kroners are games in Sweden?
and yeah, PC games are cheaper, but I can't afford a dedicated gaming PC right now :(
600 or 700, depending on where you buy
So about the same as here in euros.
I think 700 is the "recommended" price, but webhallen doesn't care about that :P
Webhallen is showing 500-600 for the new releases.
That has taxes included?
Dead Island PC is only 329 apparently.
Yeah, exactly, webhallen is awesome. :P
yes, with taxes
What's the tax percent in Sweden with games?
All you need to do is take a cup of flour, add it to the mix~
More important, they have a 2x4GB DDR3 for 435 apparently. >_>
bought Portal 2 two weeks after release, with orange box, for 449:-
I think it's 30%, WhatPayne
and yeah, that's a lot :P
Oh it's higher than in Finland
30%?! :O
might be 25
Hello bronystate
Ahoy
we have "only" ~23%
Ohay Apokalipse
Hello
Are you guys talking about tax rates? O.o
it's possible that it's 25% here, WhatPayne
lol, yes
So again about the same.
on games :P
fun
/me is quite happy with his 13% sales tax now.
I like the New Jersey sales tax...
Quiet you...
:P
I hate having to figure out how much it is in taxes when I go shopping in the US
You've shopped in US?
how significant is that?
It's like... I see a game for $24.99, and I think I have to pay that amount, but NOPE
very significant.
7% sales tax here.
Yeah, I've spent quite some time in the US, WhatPayne
I love cheap stuff to resell.
Grr, they just raised our sales tax from 6% to 6.2%
6.2%? O.o
Oh never been in US. They don't add the tax to the price directly like they do here?
Why not just bump it up to 7%?
It's a nice country, as long as you don't turn on Fox News :P
Or listen to Ghost
Dashite Because we like to make buying this confusing
WhatPayne, nope. Taxes are over and above the list price.
Fuck Ghost. Seriously...
It's really like 6.24%
..or countless local radio pundit shows
things*
RDash you guys so crazy...
Ghost is evil incarnate
That's stupid. They have reason for doing that?
and yeah what Dashite said
:P
I think it's because sales tax is decided on a state level, WhatPayne
ah, so you can specifically ask for their returns? and get Open Box pricing?
^
Eeyup. Correct.
WhatPayne Yea, our state thought adding the extra .24% would help balence the budget
Up here in Canada we have both Provincial and Federal sales taxes. Except in Alberta.
Ok, I see,
And technically Ontario and parts of the maritimes as well since they have HST now, but that only sorta counts.
methinks
HST?
HST = Harmonized Sales Tax
ahhh
I'm just trying to wrap my mind over the whole thing with us being one nation, with different tax percents in each state.
no this isnt open box pricing
this is <10% of wholesale cost.
It's basically a combined sales tax so we pay 13% instead of 8% and 5%
sales tax is state tax
ah
So the same goods shipped from one state to two other states may end up with different taxes...
Spoiler: federal income tax is federal
so for $50k worth of stuff
you pay $5k
O_O
"federal" is such a weird word...
It's one of those words that you sometimes stop and think about how it sounds
OH shit! It's the feds! Run for it!
so what, you just say "hey, got any returns I could take off your hands?"
I'd imagine that people living near state border wanting to shop adjacent state if their taxes are lower.
People do that, yeah. :P
It's common WhatPayne
especially when there's a big difference
WhatPayne, we do that in Canada. We go down to the states sometimes for big purchases because they have cheaper prices on lots of big ticket items.
so buying a big screen TV might be worth the trip
it took a whie
Oh wow.
i probably talked to 30 people
Exactly.
why so many?
before finding the right person who sells the salvage stuff from their warehouse
they dont make it easy :P
ah
It gets really common when it's regulated goods like Cigarettes.
Wait so states collect taxes themselves? What about the government?
Oh no. For those you go to the reservations.
so it wasn't that they did not want to sell, it was that most of them were drones
That
For example in newyork state it's like 12 bucks for a pack.
who did not know who you would speak to
that's what federal taxes are for :P
$12 for a pack of smokes? You've got to be shitting me.
That's insane
Eyup
/me has no idea what they cost here...
nope, but that state adding extra taxes to reduce people smokeing.
It's about 6 and change for one here in Florida
Where does government get their tax-income, from different sources, or do the states give a portion of the taxes to government.
Up from 3-something from a few years ago
WhatPayne, income tax instead of sales tax
the Federal government gets its income from federal taxes
I dunno about what federal taxes there are except income tax, WhatPayne
Vs here in vegas it's 5 somthing a pack, 4 somthing if you go to a reseveration.
but I'm guessing that's a fair bit
states receive federal dollars for infrastructure, like highway maintenance
Isn't the gas tax federal as well?
however, they have to agree to certain restraints
i have no idea
its all just customer returns
people who decided they didnt like the laptop anymore and brought it back within 14 days
stuff like that
/me waves
Payroll taxes as well.
GUYS GUYS GUYS
But doesn't that taxing system cause discrepancy between states in public services?
Dermathil Dermathil Dermathil
Yes?
Sorry to get off topic, but right when I came back home, I was having such a shit day. Now, I'm feeling pretty good again. :P
why does it say the next stream is in 378 days?
further proof that that one girl in my class is a nerdchick. She mentioned watching the post-credits sneakpeeks at the end of the marvel movies!!!
Why is that RobotPinkie?
(well I heard her mention them)
Listening to pony music and talking here is nice.
lol Dermathil
mib_40at5v I have "Show Time!"
Tax talk gets you happier?
Just a lot of stress with studies and work, it's pretty overwhelming
mib_40at5v because it's wrong. And I've only got Show Time! as well.
lol not just tax talk :P
RobotPinkie, I wish I had that problem.
I know RP, ponies also relax me!
also gaming talk and ponies
But wow, it's 5 PM and I hardly got to sit down here
no pony is streaming?
Cause that time has been broken for some time Anon
Oh yeah gaming talk can be quite nice even with all the differencing opinions
Luna was sleepy so I think she went to bed?
Yeah I don't mind if people don't like the same games as me.
WhatPayne, yeah you mean all the wrong opinions. IE The ones that are not mine. :p
like I thought Darksiders was awesome
YES
also guys, did you see the spoilery clip on EqD?
ah
but ValtheJean thinks it's awful!
RobotPinkie: Darksiders IS awesome!
That's exactly what I mean.
(I don't know that, actually)
Dermathil some people have.
Oh dammit. I was supposed to be playing ME1
lol
Valthejean never had the chance to finish watching me playing through Darksiders
2,14 good grief....not this again
VioletVanilla, you there?
lol
what, Valthejean? Did something happen while I was away?
I think I only got to the dragon thing boss on top of the building before I stopped playing.
/me is here watching Val do this whole thing ;3
I was just joking, ValtheJean. You actually think it's awful? :P
2,14 oiy...
2,14 I never said awful
Good. What'll we do with the C&C thing-y?
2,14 I just...wasn't...very interested...
lol okay, I wasn't here for that
I have to find a game that Val and I agree is awesome, now...
2,14 lol
Yakuza 3?
Vanquish
6What will we do with it? Payne?
:P
2,14 lol...I think I'm just going to stop offering my opinion on things
2,14 dear god, the mudfests it causes
Prince of Persia?
I mean has any dates been set about any games?
Haha, I don't think this is a mudfest, ValtheJean
2,14 lol, you should see how the other ones went :P
Dashite: the game gets way more awesome after that
Dashite: such as punching trains in the face of a monster (you push them hard by punching them on the tracks)
RobotPinkie, I suggest looking in the RTS genre. He likes those more.
What's one of your favorite games, apart from HL2, ValtheJean?
RobotPinkie: don't worry. It can very easily turn to one with me and Valthejean speaking of games.
2,14 Deus Ex
See? That's a game I can get behind
and I hear the sequel is really good
2,14 then you (to some degree) are cultured in my eyes :P
2,14 also, it's a prequel
I hear that Deus Ex 2 was shit (invisible wars?)
2,14 not a sequel
2,14 THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS INVISIBLE WAR
Oh, okay
6We need to make times for it Payne. .
and yeah, I heard that the prequel is way better
2,14 IT DOES NOT EXIST
:3
and there was no such thing as Invisible Wars, seriously...
trolololo
2,14 WE DO NOT MENTION SUCH BLASPHEMY HERE
LOL
Okay VioletVanilla. I'm leaving this to you and Dashite. If you come up with any time/place for game session, just let me know mkay? I still interested.
Deus Ex, what a crap game.
LOL DARI
HAHA
Perfect comedic timing
/me never played any deus Ex games but respects them still due to DE:HR being made by Eidos Montreal
Yeah, I've never played it.
XP
French Canadian Dev team FTW
2,14 I don't really know your taste in games dari, but it wouldn't hurt for you to give it a try
2,14 the game is very solid
My favourite games include Prince of Persia and Spyro.
Oh, and RDR.
RDR
never played
^ MFW
Right. I'll go be "afk" to play the ME1. Ding me if you need me.
RDR is awesome
^
I know
just don't even has the hard drive space for it
So make space.
only got 10Gb left that are available
Nao.
that's what consoles are for :P
on my 451 Gb hard drive
RP, consoles aren't as precise and don't have as good hardware
/me 2,14 has a 2Tb drive for his desktop, you jelly?
no
2,14 you should be :P
Since that much space must either run slow or be full of space you'll NEVER use
If you tell me it is full of stuff, then I be jelly
^
2,14 it is :P
Prove it
Consoles are just as precise, though yeah they might not have the same performance :P
2,14 what...by copying over all my files?
screenshot the hard drive icon that shows how much space left there is
simple!
2,14 one fatal flaw with that
2,14 I'm up at college
/me has 3x1TB drives, one 320gb drive and one 110gb SSD
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOON
Beeeey-tch
Then I'll be extremely patient with you Valthejean. I'll wait.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bIadYS5RpjI
MAN THEM VIDEO GAMES ARE CRAZY!
also I think there are programs that allow you to control your computer remotely.
there are, none of which I've installed on that machine
...what happened to your color, ValtheJean?
2,14 I'M TOO BUSY TO ADD COLOR YOU BITCH
he is going into stealth mode
shhhh
lawl
/me presses on Valthejean's lower volume button.
2,14 YOU CANNOT LOWER MY VOLUME
/me presses on Valthejean's higher volume button.
Did you say something?
Valthejean's favorite game of all time is Duke Nukem Forever
LOL
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
2,14 lol eeyup, you got me pinkie
2,14 I just love me some of dat DNF
What? omfg I'm really good at guessing
2,14 I loved it so much I threw it into the trash and then burned the pile
I figured it was HL2 or something like that.
DNF was so good that I deleted the demo
2,14 you will never know my favorite game :P
Eh, I already know it's Minesweeper
I wrote a Minesweeper clone in PHP... kind of a long time ago. You'd have loved it.
heyall
ohay Turgle
/me has 4TB for her desktop, you TwilightJelly?
I have 250GB, u so very not jelly
is your favorite game Baldurs gate?
VioletVanilla, damn you. I only have 1.3TB
I have maybe 5GB of free space
u jelly?
I had 137MB of free space yesterday
On my SSD...
I kinda forgot to move my download folder off C: when I reinstalled...
Damn, now I'm depressed again.
2,14 sorry, I've been busy and didn't watch the chat
2,14 was someone asking for me?
I think Silvermane was asking you something.
2,14 ah, I see
what?
2,14 in regards to your question: if it was, I wouldn't say because I like the fun of toying with you too much :P
Spoiler: It totally is.
That's what I heard
2,14 you're entitled to your opinion :P
Yeah, I think that's what it means.
2,14 you're free to interpret that as you see fit :P
I think I need an injection of pony, stat
Ahhhhh, much better
just wait a few more days and then you'll get all the new ponies that you could ever want (if all you want is a 20 or so minute episode of ponies)
I'll take almost anything I can get right now, except for short clips
2,14 except we're having an entire re-stream of season 1
2,14 so it's more like 10 hours of ponies :P
Wish I could stay up for all of it :(
Take this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egrlzkKa6O8
thats very true, and all the "whose better, fluttershy or rarity" arguments that you can shake a stick at
2,14 DO IT FILLY
Gonna go home everypony, see you all in a few.
2,14 jooiiiiiiiinnnnnnn usssssssss
Clearly the answer would be neither.
spoiler: the answer is rarity
Dash is best pony.
2,14 see ya allis
later AllisZerofuuu
You think I should stay up all night for the marathon, ValtheJean?
re-streaming of season 1?
sleep is for the weak
when? :3
buy like 40 energy drinks
2,14 I do robot :P
2,14 Turgle: friday night, right after the movies
lol we'll see, maybe if I can get enough sleep in before it starts
besides, friday is a very special night to be a brony
yay!
I look forward to celestia potentially kicking ass and taking names.
it'll be like yoda vs. the emperor or voldemort vs. dumbledore
Saturday is a very special morning to be a brony
and Val, I can't entirely tell if you're serious when you stick your tongue out :P
2,14 le sigh
2,14 yes, I do in all seriousness believe you should stay up with us
its a weekend anyway
I was sticking my tongue out, Val, I was kidding!
are all the episodes coming out on saturday?
2,14 ....
/me 2,14 prepares his trident
lawl
All what episodes, KanyeEast?
the new ones
2,14 no kanye, it's only the first episode
Naw just one episode of pony
I know that, i mean future releases
Oh, lawl
yes there will be much disapoint when 201 ends and there is no 202 till the folloing week.
and that's why I need caffeine
I dunno, I don't think that all episodes have been scheduled yet
I am sure all of them have not been planed but we know the first 2 have.
First two episodes are on Saturdays
It seems pretty likely that they'll continue that, I think.
I bet we don't even see discord in the first part
If they keep to what they have done already the sunday eps are rerun on monday.
I dunno, all I know about Discord is the name
and from the name I can guess what his specialty is
2,14 tea parties, obviously
duh
xD
So then... Discord plans on ruling Equestria with tea parties?
hey the US was made with a tea party.
not the same kind, though!
have you seen the pics they been posting? looks like raining tea to me.
...wow, you just blew my mind
I'm expecting even more Chocolate Rain jokes when the episode airs. :P
lets not forget all the Churro lines from the HUB ads
I'm expecting a Chocolate Rain PMV within hours of the episode airing...
lol
Yeah, probably XD
That's ok. When I first saw the pic, I thought it was raining blood
That would require a diffrent song.
not sure if one could poniefy Slayer.
Yeah. I guess chocolate rain would be in the style of Trollcord
That the name we gonna use?
*shrugs*
I just think it fits
Anyone else watching the Brony Show?
you know listening to the song again. It could work for Discord
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SurqXyOjLxE
feh better version. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgpzLUCY0rU&ob=av3n
He must've just come in
he maset till just a moment ago.
@pony What came first of the chicken and the egg
6 What came first of the chicken and the egg is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
lol
and now it begins
:D
2,14 if it had been Scootaloo I would have blown a nut
Yep.
Nah, that's the only one I need to do.
Lol ValtheJean
me too, ValtheJean... me too
Haha, same here
@pony What came first, the chicken or Scootaloo
6 What came first, the chicken or Scootaloo is 5Snai10ls
The french gourmet chef.
@calc 1 pony + 1 pony + 1 pony + 1 pony
6 1 pony + 1 pony + 1 pony + 1 pony = Just doesn't add up
@calc 1 pony + >100 apple trees
6 1 pony + >100 apple trees = 1
@calc 1 apple + 1 apple + 1 apple + 1 apple + 1 apple
6 1 apple + 1 apple + 1 apple + 1 apple + 1 apple = 1
Hey brownies
You're wrong. It's 5 apples
Hey, ziltoid
ohay Ziltoid
Hi Ziltoid
I just saw the season 2 clip on Eqd
@pony the pony who will buck apples
6 the pony who will buck apples is 5Snai10ls
I came
Buckets
Lol Mike rowe is now doing ad's for paper towels.
i'm ziltoid and i don't give a shit
Discord is going to be freaking awesome
i live above earth in a big rocket ship
Is there something on the stream or is video player busted?
The only thing I crave is coffeh
New player was set up but only DCD knows what it is. So we cant stream till we talk to em.
Wow.... I was just invited to watch the Season 2 premiere on a projector
You lie
Dead serious.
streamed from the internet, obviously
Just saw the season 2 clip
oh lol, NOT live, day after
I might go, then.
HD ponies on projected screen with surround sound? I don't think I can say no to that.
hi
heya
Hi
im so happy i got this job
i get to scare the crap out of people
and at this haunted house it has been known to actually happen
Seems a bit early for Haunted houses to be seting up.
it wont until late september
i had an interview for it
...crap, I CAN say no to HD ponies on a projected screen in surround sound... it's a complete S1 marathon first, and it ends in the middle of the night...
rehearsal starts the 22nd
when will videos play on here again
on a sunday? bleh
Yeah... and school starts early on Monday...
That would have been so awesome :(
2,14 videos play right after the Movie Night movies
I think he ment when will we have a stream again ValtheJean .
ya
2,14 depends on if we get a hold of DCD :P
Lolcar salesmen
"I GOT A GREAT DEAL FOR YOU"
11% APR on a car
'uh... yeah, I actually got 8% somewhere else thanks...'
that's not a deal.
It's an improvement over the 22% they presented me initially :p
lol.
APR?
Anual percent rate I think?
Something like that
Ahh okay
But yeah it's hard to get a good interest rate when you have no credit history
I've never bought a car in the US.... or anywhere else.
Rather, a very short one anyway
This is my first
Sad, wasn't the car I wanted
But can't always win
yeah... cars are expensive
eyup
I just bought mine out right. but then again KIA's are cheep.
I need to save up for a new TV... mine's kinda small
I wanted to do that, Sumica, but didn't get the chance
Bummer.
Mom's car bit the dust last week, and 5 people with just a single car isn't an effective way to live
Then again I also went it with out beeing choosy, I just wanted a cheep car for geting around in.
At least around here where public transportation is piss poor
Got a great deal at an end of the year sell.
Yeah, it's all about timing sometimes
http://carchayser.files.wordpress.com/2008/08/02mitslancer2_m_m.jpg -> My dream car
lancers are nice.
Shame they stoped making the 3000gt's
My dream car: http://specialoccasionsdreamponies.com/images/cart.jpg
Bwahaha
Saw that comeing from the link
Wrong kind of pony though :P
Hmmm
I wonder if I should set up my ubuntu box as a SSL VPN server
All this ponybrowsing at work is making me concerned about my firewall behavior
I am gonna say yes cause I have no idea what that is.
Okay, I watched the clip
I am cursing that I did.
Because now I can wait for Saturday EVEN LESS
If you're worried about people checking your pony habits, then definitely, AllisZero
I really have to see the voice credits for S1E1
Wait you are pony searching at work?
I watch pony vids during downtime at work...
Well I do to but I use my phone
Depends on if someone's around, for me :P
I am, RP
For the longest time though I managed to stay at work, then come home and do my personal stuff
I have a pony profile pic on FB in the year I'm adding all the people from my new college
But with ponies now I'm everywhere haha, I don't want the records to stay around
Not because it's MLP but it's because it looks like I'm slacking off
Yeah, I know what you mean.
and that's pretty baws, FreezeFrame :P
(I mean I pretty much single-handedly tackle 90+ people with computer issues AND still make about 30% less than people in my position but HEY no slacking)
I think I might do a pony pic on my FB... everyone knows I'm a brony by now anyway.
I would ponify my FB, but I don't use it anymore
I really don't care who knows that I'm a brony. And if people are going to not want to talk to me because of one small aspect of me, they aren't worth my time.
That's true right thar
I mean, I'm willing to befriend Patriots fans, and that's a heck of a lot worse than being a brony.
I don't have facebook, and I wouldn't care either way. Never did anyway
Good way to look at it.
Actually, being a Pats fan is, honestly, worse than consorting with Satan.
:D
Though I recognize for some it might be a bit harder, if their friends and family are kinda crazy.
Im back from the moon
hi is streaming?
anyway, heading right back out
Crazy as in stupid and intolerant
I'm still surprised how tolerant my friends and parents have taken it
No stream till we talk to DCD and find out the new location.
k
later FreezeFrame
Hey RP, what do you use to connect to a linux box over the Lan?
bye, FreezeFrame
Same here, Thunder_Dash... haven't even gotten any snide remarks.
um, SSH? I haven't done any network stuff in a very long time now.
'Cause honestly the one thing that threw me off from using Ubuntu more was lack of a reliable VNC client
Ah, you're one of them command line guys!
linux = command line
Well, one of my friends didn't take it well, but I'm not really friends with him anymore (he's really rude and I've asked him more than once to stop and he won't, so I kinda gave up)
lol I used to be, anyway. Lately I've been doing everything the easy way
I'm a linux newbie, not afraid of command lines but right now isn't a good time to learn
That's why I use Ubuntu... it just takes too much time with all the CLI stuff
Oh great, that page linked me to TvTropes and now my entire day is wasted
Ubuntu usually has pretty good documentation though. What do you need in a VNC client?
Vinagre is apparently default, presumably you've already tried that one.
John de Lancie really?
Thunder_Dash: tvtropes is a great place for aspiring writers.
Just looking to be able to login from the outside, RP. Once inside the ubuntu box I can connect to my other network PCs
Ohai
... so when is the next stream?
the longest nick ever
Well hello, AppleBloomWantsHerCutieMark
Ohai
Pontang; Well, yeah, but I mean... http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/tab_explosion.png
ABWHCM isn't a nice acronym >.>...
Have you checked this list, AllisZero? https://help.ubuntu.com/community/VNC/Clients
Oh god my borders why must you wrek my borders
This is the longest nick ever
And it wouldnt let me put the whole thing in, so it is also the max number of characters.
When is the next stream?
Hello, TheLongestLegitNickToEverGrace
oh geez xD
y u all do dis
Hmm, I actually think I need a VNC Server to run on the Linux box, RP
I usually go there if I have an idea that I'd like to write out.
I am not typing that in every time.
Hai Natleyn, Goodbye Natleyn. For I am none other than Rainbow_Dash
Find similar ideas, how it's done, etc.
Well, yeah, that you do.
No set time on next stream besides Fridays stuff, Bound to be somthing sooner but have to talk to DCD to get the new stream information.
But that gets me started nicely, thank you
https://help.ubuntu.com/community/VNC/Servers
That's the help page for VNC servers. Not sure which one is best.
Let me pull up my ubuntu box and we'll find out
I actually really wanted to run ESX server on it, but my processor won't take it and the hours I wasted of my time trying to get it to work were not rewarded
Man the ME moves slowly
I might set up my own computer with a VNC server, actually... Might be able to use it for work.
It's a pain using the computers at work, they're literally from the 90's...
so old the casses are yellow I bet.
Oh yeah. Yellowish grey.
they were really good at the time, though
...which doesn't help me at all now
You should see mine it's a gtx from when they first started using gtx
No idea what that is. :P
...
when they went from the 386 to the P1 chips.
oh lawl
the main board has diffrent hole placments for the screws
Well...this is going to be awesome
what is, Purple`Prose?
I can't wait until Saturday now
Apparently, the new Villian, Discord?
I'm guessing you watched the clip.
So my current case is old as hell and is like 20lb's empty
Nope
DANG IT EqD I'M DOING STUFF
Discord is voiced by John de Lancie.
aka Q
Q? from star trek?
heh yeah we were just talking about that Purple`Prose
yes that guy KanyeEast
6_9
I told you guys that earlier and I didnt get even the slightest response. >.>
Sorry, I wasn't paying attention
Oh yeah, I heard
what a fitting voice...
MFW years 9 and 10 in UK school system are colts.
Indeed.
I have not, however, watched the clip
I still don't know who that is >.>
Me neither.
/me shrugs
You don't know who Q is?
oh god, those poor ponies. they don't stand a chance
they need pony picard to help them
I never really got into Star Trek, though I've tried. Picard is awesome, though.
Q vs Ponies?
Well, not everyone is a Trekkie :P
Picard is the baws
I have never watched Star Trek either actually. I dont know who he is, I just knew that other people did
Sisko did punch Q in the face though.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i4FGvMdhG80&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Star Trek Voyager - &#39;Don&#39;t Provoke The Borg&#39;" - "A funny moment from Star Trek Voyager&#39;s episode &#39;Q2&#39; where Q tells Q Junior the one rule the Continuum has warned him so many times. &quot;Don&#39;t Provoke The Borg&quot;."
he's a trickster god thing that spends most of his time trolling picard
that guy is the one people are refering to.
I WAS right after all. Now... wasn't I?!
Q is Myxzptlk.
Exactly as I said. :P
Floop.
Students in years 9 and 10 in the school system here are colts.
Though that term probably isn't used in most schools.
/me 0is a Stallion
How old are you at year 10 of school?
Year 10 you are between 14-15
Oh okay
Never heard that term used for jr high.
we ditch the whole 'grade' thing after highschool starts generally. then we do freshman...etc.
School system here goes: Primary school
Years 1-6
Secondary school
Years 7-11
You weird Brits
Elementry, Jr high, High school.
End of compulsary education here.
At the age of 16.
^
Afterwards there's sixth form, which takes place at a secondary school.
Lower sixth - year 12, upper sixth - year 13.
Or college, which only deals with years 12-13 unlike a secondary school.
<3
0Ohai Luna
Polarfire! <3
/me glomps luna
HI!
Dari <3
Orlynao?
/me glomps Luna. "Because I can!"
/me 0glomps nopony
ok, I have no clue what I am doing here
/me joins in on glomping Luna. "Hi~"
huh, guess thats pretty unique.
1. a specific incident that you participated in or witnessed FIRSTHAND in which bystanders failed to aid someone (other than you) in need *
2. a specific incident that you participated in or witnessed FIRSTHAND in which bystanders aided someone in need *
3. a specific incident that you participated in or witnessed FIRSTHAND in which someone other than you was wronged*
4. a specific incident in which you did something that ultimately hurt someone, accidentally or otherwise*
/me glomps ValtheJean. "Because DURRRGAAARRR"
When I was in Primary School, it was K-5, By the time I was in second grade, it was adjusted to K-4, with 5-6 being an intermediate school, Middle School being 7-8,and the actual Secondary School being 9-12. By the time I reached middle school, it was re-adjusted so Primary School was back to K-5, Middle School was 6-8,and Secondary School was the same: 9-12
Dari, are you gonna be ok for tomorrow?
/me glomps Sumica. "Because Glomp!"
I'll just stay over here, not glomping anypony.
/me hugs the BronyState
/me tackle-glomps the Luna group
Ya Rly.
I need to write an 800 word rough draft about something in my life that falls in line with any of those topics
Flooooooooooop.
What do you mean Polarfire? :o
07Luna group?
/me hugs Luna
07wait a fan base?
07:O
But I never really got out much
Barry; That's how it is here as well
for school I mean
have you seen the amount of luna material on eqd?
I'm sorry, but right now I'm happy. o.O
Well, there seem to be a bunch of people glomping you.
Ahh, yeah.
Its about midnight there right?
I'll manage. XD
So, I'm tackle glomping the whole bunch.
Yeah.
Strange....
XD
Which part?
Here in the Canadias
with or without Intermediateschool?
I think it's the weather.
me too. I ended up staying up till 2 last night XD
The last bit (K-5, 6-8, 9-12)
and even when I did, at school and the like, it was so long ago that I just don't remember shit
oops
ah
crap
I meant crap
Here in Florida, the ninth graders go to a separate building from the rest of the secondary schoolers
Today was... interesting >_>
I wonder if the fim crew will wait till the last episode of season 2 to show the luna episode
barry!
Where do you live in Fla?
Orlando, now
6003 Walbridge St
lucky, i wish I could live so close to disney world
Ah I see
I'm thinking of going to bed soon...
So who are you Anon?
and Universal
>KanyeEast
/me defeats the purpose of anonymity
>mfw
Awesome
I'm down in Boca Raton
Anyone I know?
I'm practically across the street from Universal
:O
me thinks you're a clever pony
/me Who wants to come to Equestria in my secret basement that is upstairs?
/me thinks you're a clever pony
universal has the better rides but disney is more magical
true.
da magiks
07soo tell me
But Universal has Harry Potter
I haven't been to the new harry potter ride
Hey lil sis
its been a few years since my last visit
07hey lord Celestia
o-o
i loved the return of the mummy ride
0Is anyone streaming right now?
07did you see my scrabble on your DA page? :)
that was kick ass
your scrabble??
/me wishes Luna would leave messages on his DA page
and universal has some scary hardcore attention to detail commitment to the LINES of their rides
Lawl
Commode -
their are bones set in the dungeony place in the castle of the dueling dragons ride
UK meaning, a small cabinet.
Wait, I thought Luna was a girl
US meaning, a portable toilet
XD
they built a castle for the line
No i havent... i think
lemme check
07Allis link me
She is?
07in PM
my nickname is my DA profile :p
07I am a girl...
07alright brb
07:)
YAAY
(let's see how people interpret this question)
^Trollin'
we call them cigarettes
/me Luna, you know my DA name right?
they see me trollin'
KanyeEast: That's a fag, not a faggot. :P
"AllisZero wishes Luna would leave messages on HIS DA Page" should be "AllisZero wishes Luna would leave messages on HER DA page"
a faggot is a bundle of sticks
wouldn't it be the plural?
Nope.
Fag is just slang.
I'm not a girl Barry
HAHA
ah right, fags would be plural
http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/173189-tourist-guy
We was cigarette too.
>mfw
say*
I'm going out to smoke a faggot
:<
I'm saying I'd like for her to leave message on my page
you have silly names for things, like bender
A faggot is a meatball.
:P
sorry, I thought you meantLune leaving...nevermind
that must make futurama interesting.
Sounds like I'm going to go kill someone
whats a wanker
lol jk
Lol it does RP!
dari do you like doctor who?
Robot: xD
a masturbator. It'sbritish slang
KanyeEast: Of course. :P
is there a stream right now?
whose your favorite doctor?
i knew that hha
Only Tenant though
Dari you so controversial
more importantly, WHOSE your favorite doctor
:p
Aya, no stream right now
ok ty
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
Tennant is my favourite.
^ me too
Surprise surprise
though I like what Matt Smith has been doing
maybe its because of moffat
Sorry. When I see a question that I know the answer to, I'm compelled to answer
Tennant is my favorite meatball
What the?
Matt Smith is my favorite cig
>> my random time to come back in
I didn't know people could be meatballs.
/me hugs Fluttershy
Well, quite a lot anyway.
Well hello.
I can't help but giggle when I hear british slang
like 'bloody' and 'wanker'
Like gagging.
It's perfectly fine to say in the UK
/me is hugged, smiles. ^^ Hi
or 'tosser'
hay flutter
"She was gagging for it"
You naughty Brit
07Allis
Yes this conversation would get strange looks in the US?
yeah
O_o
Not nessecarily
well, sort of a kind of rape
but it could mean like a mob of people
Here it just means orgy.
Yes Luna?
I guess it means the same sort of thing
Cause you have context Barry.
hm
i'm given to understand that 'bender' means the same thing as 'buttsex' is that true?
Orgies aren't sexual?
Now I'm confused.
yes they are
if so, how do you watch futurama?
You know what they are talking about. Think about what you would be thinking if you did't know they were refering to slag.
Where'd I say orgies aren't sexual?
O_o
at least here they are
I make....................
lol
KanyeEast: Bender just means gay.
a lot of...
In my book, rape is simply the unconsentual touching of another's genitalia.
Music.
"He looks like a bender"
[00:23] Well, quite a lot anyway.
I was making a bad joke.
:P
Oh.
>comes back in chat see talk of orgies
wut
XD
:D
What Ziltoid said. XD
Which is why I have the idea,when dealing with partial or full nudity, look but don't touch unless given consent
Hiya Ziltoid
and don't accept candy from strangers
That is a co0mpletely different philosophy
WOHOO
Thanks :)
Holy crap, a remake of Syndicate is in the works?
Ah.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOFj_p1XcZ8
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "For the New Lunar Republic |[Original + Lullaby&#39;s End Remix Mix]| Download Link" - "Both the original &quot;For The New Lunar Republic&quot; and &quot;Lullaby&#39;s End Remix&quot; combined using Sony Vegas 7.0 Download Link: • http://www.sendspace.com/file/9c1fup ..."
The world needs more gauss gun
What's Syndicate?
Syndicate was an old RTS made by Bullfrog
Peter Molyneux's old company
0As far as New England goes, we don't use Bugger.
Dari, not really.
No, but I say cheeky bastard quite frequently
Rainbow_Dash, i prefer the original version :>
hey Natleyn
In Canada you don't hear it much either, one of my friends uses it on occasion though
0Ohai Natleyn
I'm new so I'm a bit confused why it says Showtime but it's offine
But sometimes I am too lazy to make them long... :/ I need to work on that.
/me watches Pony Polka on Brony Show
0Hoofington, that hasn't been updated for weeks
Razyn_Collette?
... Collette?
Yes
No
maybe
Maybe
xD
Ahhhh
thx
0Aye. Cause I'm a different pony over in an RP that shall remain unmentioned
Okie doki loki~
I
I think i'm missing a large part of the fandom, i keep seeing this 'rp' thing pop up.
Wow, is everything here going hrough changes
I'll gallop off then!
See ya at the stables!
0KanyeEast *shrugpony*
Oh god, 4-player first person coop remakes of levels from the original Syndicate.... HNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGG
Yes Dark_Heart
/me explodes
OMgosh... it IS coming!
BOOM
DAAAAAAAAARK HEEEEEEEEEART!!!
0Well at least it was only once
But for $700-800?!
/me explodes again
:(
Can you do that? Can you explode twice?
0Omahgoodness!
BOOMception
yes you just have to wait a bet between.
bit*
I see. :P
Do it again!
;D
Is it possible for a pony to explode thrice?
0Oh Sumica. If my faulty memory serves, you are responsible for streaming S2 right?
Until it's funny enough to explode again, yes.
Aye that I am Razyn_Collette
0Thank you for that. :3
/me glomps Sumica
/me 0joins the GLOMPing
Oh my, two....three glomps in one day,
Thanks Sumica~
ello
peeps
4Im RED now.
You are all welcome. I just hope it all goes well.
0Oh okay.
zonn isn't a mod
and you will be gone soon
kill him!
0How'd that work out for ya, Zonn?
0Sorry, Lol
oh right two strikes
0Not well.
o-o
kids never listen.
It?
You did bettr then most Zonn, most will ask what was that after the warning sill in color.
0Well
0I remember getting warned for color. It was many moons ago...
0I can READ, so Its not that hard put 2 and 2 together
I has color but only on my end.
0Wat.
Good on yah Zonn
Stand alone program Razyn_Collette
0I don't even remeber when Season 2 starts. Today or wurt
0or wensday
Saturday
Saturday
0Wuuuuut
9:00 am EST
0Thats longer then I though. D:
But it'll be right here!
I think we decided our streamers would be allowed to use colour.
WAT.
Oh
I misread
I must have missed that memo Dari
So... are we talking streamers like those with computers, or like Pinkie Pie streamers?
'cause I know some curtains that draw really damn well...
y'all gotta head over to bronyshow
...What?
Well I'm pretty sure we did, so you can if you want, on my head be it.
"Streamers?"
Our Hub streamers.
I think I would have to register first else your bot will kick me ^_^
Nope.
Oh, that's right, Sumica is not also a mod...
Correct
hi guys
hey FlutterBro
ohay FlutterBro
modding ponies in to minecraft is complicated ~.~
Any pony see the Season 2 Sneak peek?
/me raises hoof
Yes.
Thoughts on discord?
And I can make myself forget it by Saturday!
/me sees incoming spoilers
make me a mod!
/me HAULS ASS OUT OF THE CHAT
everybody loves me
Chat on discord, join #discord
Spoilers = ban by the way
^Otherwise banhammar.
oh sorry
That rule is so Bro. I... It's glorious.
Natleyn: And I'd prefer it if you'd ask before posting other channels, but I'll allow it considering the reasons you posted it. :P
Oh. I didn't know you had rules for that.
07,1 test
My bad.
quiz
Not sure if it's written down, it's just one of the unwritten rules of IRC, don't worry about it, that's why I said 'I'd prefer'.
Unwritten rules of IRC... eh.
SO
how is everypony?
Good
Not tired.
It's kind of a nice feeling.
eeeyup
/me gives Luna a potato
07is it puffed?
Just an ordinary potato ^_^
/me looks at the potato... wondering why she got it in the first place
hello
Clearly you weren't here for that :O
:(
Possibly.
:(:(
/me hugs TwilightSparkle
Why so sad?
/me hasn't played Portal 2 yet, but assumes that's what all this Portal-related potato-ness is coming from o.o
;~:
I'm sorry Grim. u.u
Someone said that last night too :P
okay is there anything going on because all im getting is the loading screen
SO
PORTAL 2
THAT ENDING
ill come back after eureka
CHANG SHUSH
HE DOESN'T NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THE CHEESE
/me begins to spoil everything about Portal 2.
Brb, going to toss some food into the nuke-a-tron and then explain the potato :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYf64O-tsy4 <-- must keep watching. . .
so that swiss cheese
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "My Little Pony - Polka is Magic" - "This is what I envisioned when I thought of My Little Pony, Friendship is Magic and Spazzmatica Polka. Basically, it&#39;s one and a half minute of showing off t..."
Heading off to bed. Night night everypony.
@boredommeter
6 You are 83% boredom. (52)
HA
hell yeah
So. Potato.
@potatometer This chat
6 This chat is 14% potato. (53)
I am back
@spoilmeter
6 You are 30% spoil. (54)
My application Got denied Natelyn :(
@Qmeter Discord
6 Discord is 57% Q. (55)
what app
For ages, the rose has been given as a gift as a traditional sign of love. However, the rose withers within a matter of days. To some, this is interpreted as something along the lines of, "You're beautiful like this rose is now, but eventually you'll wither away and will be of no more use to me."
The potato, on the other hand, only continues to grow, even if picked and left in a bag.
My mod app it got denied :(
GrimGallop; So... give people potatoes instead of roses?
because you're never on
In addition, rather than existing only for appearances, it can be enjoyed in countless ways. Mashed, baked, fried, cut into chips, made into soup, etc. A potato says, "I love you in a countless number of undying ways!"
And that is what the potato means ^_^
you're forgetting french fries
that's because My computer broke down on me I was DEVASTATED mrchang
tough luck
i mean
my app?
instantly approved
EVERYBODYS LOVES ME!
: D
): STUPID COMPUTER!
Time to be AFK-ish, I'll be back after a while~
good luck with your potatoes
break
not brake as in stop
lol
Mrchang Not helping
I love how no matter how close to death my internet gets, this still works.
/me can't stop watching pony polka.
MrChang, your App, instantly approved? How quaint, you seem to be bragging.
wha?
im a lovable guy
back to bronyshow, rainbow
OFF WITH YOU
Quite the charmer, arent you? >.>
SF4 Guile theme, then more pony polka. ;3
Good night
im kidding
gawdd
i love everypony
Goodnight, WhatPayne
hello everypony
John De Lancie is Discord!!!!!
2,14 no spoilers about season 2
its just a voice
>.>
2,14 even still, no spoilers. Some people don't want to hear them and I don't want to offend them
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=615PWcBIH0U
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Truth about Toad" - "Did you know there&#39;s a brentalfloss CD with 20 tracks of flossy goodness including never-before-heard awesomesauce? You can have it RIGHT NOW on iTunes here ..."
okay i thought mentioning a member of the voice cast isnt really a spoiler
lets start up an apple business
@trollmeter Q
6 Q is 25% troll. (57)
Only 25%?
@lovemeter MrChang TwilightSparkle
13 MrChang and TwilightSparkle are 8% in love.
Haha
@pony Q
6 Q is 5Snai10ls
Didnt he say Q was Snails earlier to?
@pony
12Natleyn is 12Soar1in'
inuyasha is snails
@pony
12Rainbow_Dash is 5A8ce
Sweet, I'm a Wonderbolt today
@pony
12Thunder_Dash is 14Hoity-15Toity
xD
I don't really care about fashion, but okay XD
and bankotsu is soarin'
@trollmeter
wait
6 You are 99% troll. (58)
@pony
12Hat is 14Derp8y
Its true
D:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kenF3_77774&ob=av3e
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Offspring - She&#39;s Got Issues" - "Music video by The Offspring performing She&#39;s Got Issues. YouTube view counts pre-VEVO: 217,408. (C) 1998 SONY BMG MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT"
why am i in love with twilight
i love pinkie
@pony The pony in Nat's pokeball today
6 The pony in Nat's pokeball today is 3Granny Sm15ith
It said you were 8% in love, which is not much.
Well, there go my dreams of beating the elite four.
92=pinkie
my heart is hers to party with
@pony The pony in Rainbow's pokeball today
6 The pony in Rainbow's pokeball today is 6Cheeri13lee
@lovemeter MrChang Pinkie Pie
@lovemeter Natleyn Rarity
13 MrChang and Pinkie are 3% in love.
@lovemeter RainbowDash PinkiePie
13 Natleyn and Rarity are 99% in love.
13 RainbowDash and PinkiePie are 92% in love.
RARITY, TAKE ME AWAY TO FASHION. <3
RainbowPie = Official?
@lovemeter MrChang Pinkie Pie
13 MrChang and Pinkie are 18% in love.
*Is Depressed and prepares to jump off a cliff with spikes beneath*
No love for MrChang
/me flies over and rescues TwilightSparkle
Aww, tough luck MrChang. Maybe next time =P
Now now, none of that. -pats back-
PINKIE
nooo
PLEASE
@lovemeter Hat MrChange
13 Hat and MrChange are 22% in love.
@lovemeter Hat MrChang
13 Hat and MrChang are 25% in love.
lol
/me hugs Pinkie_Pie
I suppose it could be tried again :o
WUZ UP
Someone decided to change the place for the meeting.
@Lovemeter Pinkie_Pie MrChang
13 Pinkie_Pie and MrChang are 81% in love.
Without telling everyone.
YYESSS
Yep
hugs change everything!
I guess you are right
I Don't Deserve to live Natleyn im nothing just NOTHING.
/me loves Pinkie_Pie
Why all the Drama TwilightSparkle?
she has book withdrawl
/me cuddles with Rarity
/me tosses TwilightSparkle "Storm Front" by Jim Butcher
/me kisses and hugs Pinkie_Pie
/me thinks that mane chat is turning into mane shipper)
Its just how it is SilverMane
Every where you go there is shipping SilverMane
You have competition now.
uhh
you gotta listen to the world warriors one
Natleyn I wish I had a second chance.
not world warriors sorry
hyper sf2
;~;
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ie_R1H9L4eI
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Hyper Street Fighter II Music - CPS2 - Guile Stage" - "Hyper Street Fighter II (CPS-2) Soundtrack Guile Stage Theme Syun Nishigaki, Yoko Shimomura, Isao Abe High Quality http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ie_R1H9L4eI..."
/me trots over to TwilightSparkle. "What's wrong?"
makes you wanna eat a hamburger and punch terrorists
But but
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFsuHmrWf6o&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Street Fighter 4 Guile&#39;s Theme" - "Guile&#39;s theme for sf4"
naw
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kenF3_77774&ob=av3e
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Offspring - She&#39;s Got Issues" - "Music video by The Offspring performing She&#39;s Got Issues. YouTube view counts pre-VEVO: 217,408. (C) 1998 SONY BMG MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT"
so what time is the Season 2 stream?
>_>
When it premieres, right
9am est on the 17th
6am pst
damn that's early
who's streaming
i live in nyc
so im good
dari, who's going to stream it
That would be me MrChang
So, John DeLancey will be voicing Discord
I approve
I will be getting up at 7AM and coming here
Thunder_Dash My App got Declined all because of my STUPID Computer breaking down!
i might have to get up at 8
Dari, can you just change the topic to add "No talking about anything that might be season 2 spoilers" or something
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1iqJqNHX_g&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Guile Theme goes with everything (Maury)" - "i guess he&#39;s not a family man"
sumica, what state are you from?
Nevada
then how can you stream EST
magnets
and hacking the cablevision lines
and running it across the country
i would stream it
but i dont have enough RAM and the equipment
you do know 9amest and 6am est are the same time yes?
er pst
you're really getting up 6am to stream it?
Holy crap, vino is super slow on Ubuntu
Almost impossible to use VNC
but heres the thing
Yes MrChang,
the channels and programs differ
the hub on a channel in the east coast could have batman
while on the west be showing jem
Sumica im from Nevada as well
Oh, what part? I think there is all of 5 bronys in vegas.
Sumica Reno
Correct MrChang, and if I had dish it would be showing at 6am est and 3am pst.
I dont see your point though.
Ban me someone put me out of my misery...
/me hugs TwilightSparkle
Couldn't you send in another application, or just a message saying you weren't on much because your computer broke?
Thunder_Dash I don't know could that work?
It's oki Twi, it's not the end of it all.
I dunno much about the process, to be honest, but it might
Whut
I'm happy enough being around you guys, personally.
^
Cleverbot's favorite pony is Big Mac >.>
boopadoop
Hi herospirit
And now I'm on the right website :0
Hey thunder
Hero!
Hey herospirit
/me hugs herospirit
/me hugs Natleyn
:3
... hrm.
@lovemeter Natleyn herospirit
13 Natleyn and herospirit are 18% in love.
hrm?
Lol :P
I see.
It's okay, I got 99% with Rarity. >w>
XD
Haah.
Thought it would be more :0
Nothing streaming at the moment?
@lovemeter MrChang Pinkie-Pie
13 MrChang and Pinkie-Pie are 33% in love.
DCD set up the new streaming host but we dont know what it is yet.
Ahh.
Is that 33% all on your side or hers? Or is it split? :p
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-dmgfnyMaAVg/Tm6IZHzGxkI/AAAAAAAAMC0/XYjm4JoDST4/s1600/not_yet_cool_by_miketheuser-d49ml7i.png
Scootz.
It was worth a shot. Maybe a different brand of paint?
like CRAYOLA PAINT
Thunder_Dash Ok I just sent them a Apology Message and told them what happend Hopefully they understand.
oh hello
Light pink is really friggin' annoying to determine transparency levels in....
TwilightSparkle my faithful student
Pinks and purples always throw me off
tell me what youve learned about friendship toay
So far, it's just pink
or see you to the moon
Thank Celestia Fluttershy isn't a Unicorn.
Sent who an apology for what, Twilight? :0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQhcU_LudZ4
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Offspring The Noose" - "Well our souls are all mistaken in the same misguided way We all end up forsaken, we&#39;re just choosing our own way The future now incinerates before our very ..."
youre welcome dear
LordCelestia Oh hello Princess
LORD
FUCK CELESTIA!
silly decap, thats not how you spell "Celestia rules"
:p
I kinda wish it was Lord Celest.
>.>
LordCelestia *sighs*
He probably meant to say "Celestia is a tool"
no, its how you spell 'FUCK CELESTIA!'
celestia is a pony, silly. not a tool
/me hugs everypony "Now y'all, settle down"
That's not how you spell "I give all my money to herospirit"
Yeah, im trying to get my report on friendship
from a certain TWILIGHTSPARKLE
FUCK THE FRIENDSHIP REPORT!
someone is going to the moon...
That's not how you spell "I took all of Herospirit's money by force"
Herospirit Well for being gone so long my app got decined
:I
Silly herospirit, that's not how you spell bits
Your app to what? :0
Herospirit My mod app
TO THE MOOON
Oh, gotcha
:D
twilightsparkle does not get app
im in a moon launching moon
but mrchang will..
Well I would say the worst they could say is no again.
all in due time
whos first?
all in due time...
*mood
I hope and pray to the stars that BronyState Understands.
you should just bribe them, its easier that way
I'd apply if I was on more.
My stream dont work
Not Stream at the momment.
LordCelestia I haven't really learned much on friendship yet
Oh
Also, why am i anon >.<
you need to pay people to make you mod, much as how you pay people to be your friends
Becaue you did't pick a name?
YOU HAVENT?
that can be your friendship lesson today
Well, thats fine me dear. but i have another question for you twilight
do you like moonrocks?
>_>
inb4moonin'
LordCelstia uh no
Cause I know where you can get moonrocks
ON THE BANANAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Natleyn.. I spelled bits as "Money" again.. D:
waitWat
bronyshow is live people
lez go
at the Smithsonian institute?
Sop you are a mmm beeyetch that doesnt like mmm moonrocks?
:D
LordCelestia I wouldn't say that but thats kinda rude
@shamemeter Pinkie_Pie
6 Pinkie_Pie is 58% shame. (59)
Your tactics for cheering someone up astound me LordCelestia
well too bad. Cuz you about to see some moonrocks
It's okay, Pinkie Pie.
/me hugs Pinkie_Pie
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH
FUCK CELESTIA!
/me launches TwilightSparkle to the moon
how do you acquire shame?\
BEEEYEETCH
LordCelestia NO CELESTIA NO NO NO!
*maniacal laughter*
*calms down*
next pony
...
/me bitchslaps LordCelestia
owch
*walks in*
Um LordCelestia
you motherfucker u hitmeinthe dick
yes?
I'm the cannon repairman
oh im glad youre here
You cannon's aim is off.
It points to the sun
they kep missing the moon for some reason
/me walks back into the room, "What the hay's going on here...?"
watch your language
im getting mym cannon fixed
some one set mode random.
Hiya Thunder_Dash!
!random
Boombox should be new and is continuously nonsensicle
Hi ^^
/me shows herospirit to the cannon
don't listen to herospirit, i hear he's secretly the doctor. he wants to sabotage your cannon!
I have lackies to do the actual repairing of course.
fix it please. and you can have 50 bits
no, 100 bits
PINKIE_PIE FIX THE CANNON
/me "TEN MINUTES LATER"
alright, herospirit, youve earned 50 bits
I dont know how to fix a cannon
just go in the cannon and get them
HAHA, Pinkie you so silly
Of course you fixed it.
...I think
they should be WAY at the bottom, so get in there to get your bits
I did?
Oh cool.
Herospirit.. DESTROY THE CANNON
/me climbs in cannon
herospirit go get your bits in the cannon
/me goes all Ackbar "IT'S A TRAP"
*hey theres nothing in here*
I don't see them M'Lord
i know your gift
What time does the episode start on saturday?
9am?
a full expense paid trip
Why are you calling LordCelestia a "Lord"?
TO THE MOOOOOON
/me launches herospirit to the moon
BEEYETCH! oh and thx for the repairs
LordCelestia, your name should be LadyCelestia
this is worth WAY more than 100 bits1
im a lord thought
YYYYEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
Genderception.
Herospirit you got launced to?
AEIOU
Yup. He didn't even make me pay.
He she.
He she it.
HeShIt.
Heshit.
oh u
oh u and ur shenanigans
Herospirit Well I got launched here for no reasoN!!
you couldnt tell me about friendship
and i want you to learn the joy of MOONROCKS
You lucky dog! Heshit made me fix Heshit's cannon to pay for this trip.
lol
herospirit Its nothing but moon rocks up here though!
I know isn't it great?
So peaceful
herospirit Your joking right?
Next visitor please
Im here your majesty
whaddya need
Applejack, do you like apples?
I had expected more cheese though
Why, hay yes i do!
oh.
do you like bananas?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Da-4OxfucWo&feature=fvsr
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "6(66). The Heretic Anthem" - "The Heretic Anthem Slipknot Iowa 8...7...6...6...6...5...4...3...2...1... I&#39;m a pop star threat and I&#39;m not dead yet Got a super dred bet with an angel drug ..."
0.0 uh i dont know
well tell me do you like bananas
im, im, im backing up. i dont...
SAY 42!
so you are a beyetch that doesnt know if she likes bananas?
RUN AJ RUN!
i. im gonna go now
*canon appears
oh god please NO!
I fixed the lock on the door too, M'lord
YOU CAN FIND OUT
Just you know
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAH
Incase you wanted to know
/me launched AJ to the moon
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHhhhhhh
I WANT TO GO NEXT!
BEEYETCH!
So we have all but one of the Mane 6
Hi Applejack!
/me face plants into moon
Did you get here free too? :3
*muffled noise* (face is still in ground)
herospirit Hey Applejack same thing happen to you?
yep.
ITS ONLY BECAUSE I LOVE YOU ALL
I want to go next!
It's great up here
its only because he loves us all
DecapKing
I wonder if you can grow apples on the moon
do you like bananas
hmmmmm
I LIKE TRAINS!
herospirit Its very QUIET *pulls out a book*
:| *presses cannon button*
/me launched decapking to the moon
beeyetch
LMAO^
EQUESTRIA FUCK YEAH!
Oh. Okay. I gotcha. I'll be quiet. I'll stop talking. Definitely. I'll be quiet. Yup. Quiet ass possible. Definitely. Like a library.
GONNA GO SAVE THE MOTHERFUCKING DAY NOW!
/me takes the gears from the cannon and places them just outside the 4th wall
umad
My mouth is shut.
@madmeter LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 11% mad. (60)
My lips are sealed.
Nope, he ain't even mad
I. Am. Quiet.
/me retrieves the gears because i like the cannon
i like that guy 2 places up ^
DecapKing you too?
Quiet as possible. Not even talking.
Just all SHOOSH.
what?
Peace and quiet.
herospirit i know what will cheer you up
:0
But it's already great here!
Applejack, Y U NO REPLY TO PM?
What could make it better? :D
/me sends a care package to the moon
CAREPACKAGE INBOUND
*package crushes applejack*
: D
/me respawns on moon
Silly applejack
whoops
Who's a silly Pony
that was mighty clumsy
:|
Who's a silly Pony
Who is
You is
Applejack
GAAAAAH
07Yay I won Suffuri's lotto
!random
ReticentSmolder was brand-new and is usually annoying
LUNA hi
its me applejack
Congrats, Luna!
Hi luna
lol grats Luna
:3
07Hey AJ
ive sent everyone to the moon to visit you
07I have audio surf now <3
:D
Luna we're having a moon vacation!
:3
thanks to LordCelestia
:D
The others seem upset though
Clearly the drawing was fixed cause we could not win =p
oh u make me blush
07I wondered why the moon population was so high suddenly!
07how you like the moon?
lol
Applejack, I compel you to check your PMs
its great!
I hoped for more cheese
But otherwise it's wonderful
you really spruced up the place
Twilight seems upset for some reason thoug :0
07It does get boring though at some point... I think I know the moon inside out!
Twilights just a party pooper
who doesnt respect moonrocks
Luna I got Launched up here for no reason!!
Yes the moon is nice, has an interstin atmospheare to it.
you couldnt find anything about friendship twillight
and plus, he wants you to understand
the joy of moonrocks
corret ^
*correct^
:D
lol
Did't take luna long to start playing.
lol
right?
07:D
hi
Go go steam stalking.
hey sprite joy come with us to the moon
herospirit How can you possibly like it up here?!?
I like it up here.
/me places Spirit_Joy in the cannon
Luna, please press the button
/me never left the moon from last night
07let's see how it responds to classic music ;)
just got off work. haven't slept in....30 some hours
:s
Ctrix you should at least... nap, or something ;(
Natleyn, it's an L P;
fine ill just press it
Miami's actually doing a good game against New England
and maybe later. i got stuff on my list to do
This is promising.
*press*
dude we told you to get the 3hours
/me lauchnes Spirit_joy to the moon
Ha ha I'm doing Linux
OHGODNO DONT PRESS IT
Oh.
Sorry.
/me ducks for cover
/me hugs ctrlx
*GASP*
It counts as ducking. >.>
/me group hugs everypony
Sorry forgot how to breathe.
GROUP HUG
/me group hug
/me group hugs
/me joins the hug
EVVERYONE TO THE MOON
/me launches EVERYONE INCLUDING HIMSELF TO THE MOOOON
party on the moon~
:D
/me 0walks in on all of this hugging.
party!
: D
PARTY?!?!
Suddenly, Pinkie Pie Moon Party
0http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/4584b7c6db0a04e0be039ae4639702ab/55342%20-%20Abandon_Thread%20animated%20artist%3Avalcron%20gif%20twilight_sparkle.gif
no time for sleep, we're on the moon!
/me come back from the restroom. hey where did every one go?
yes
Summica! up here!
0They appear to be on the Moon
Um. Lord Celestia
0' ^ '
put the cannon on timer mode and get in quickly
and join us! :D
yes hero?
There's.... there's no one to bring us back to Equestria now.
don be so silly
But why take the cannon when I can portal my way up?
/me 0notices the cannon. "..."
of course we can-
wait a minute
0TIME FOR SCIENCE
herospirit NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Nonsens all of you
if celestia is on the moon. and celestia makes hte sun rise on the moon.... ?????
I'm never going to finish this cursor.
Lunas powers and mine combined are more than enough to get us back safely
LordCelestia has a MoonCannon, c'mon guise
isnt that right sister?
Moon cannon. -cough-
Luna cant talk she is playing with her new toy.
oh yeah
*pops moon cannon out of nowhere*
just hop in whenever you wanna go back
:D
You realize you just showed us where the moon cannon is right?
ohhhh.
no this is a magical new one
its called earth cannon
/me aims moon cannon at not mooncannon.
/me is going to bed :)
Okay!
07wish you all a good night
Night Luna!
07see you tomorrow
/me hugs Luna goodnight
Good night Luna
Night Luna!
Sleep well, hope you catch up on the sleep you lost for us.
07for those watching me on steam
Night luna dont stay up to late sleeping =p
07the game is closed :P
Night Luna Read my apology message I sent you
Night lil sis
07see you soon!
Celestia, I brought party music!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84PZbL_-jjU
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "My Little Pony Friendship is Magic | Applejack - Who&#39;s a Silly Pony? AMV" - "WMM isn&#39;t working properly ;_; Some parts are a little out of sync, but I hope you all enjoy it."
Bye Luna
Erm.. Good Night I mean :o
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvNLjOuYSFQ
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic Season 2 Opening Theme Song" - "Something has found Ponyville. DOWNLOAD: http://www.newgrounds.com/audio/listen/437224 Special Thanks to Liggliluff for providing High Quality Instrumentals!!"
Hey guys
Sup Twi
trollight
my other fathful student
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Trf002vigUA
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "My little pony- Italian Opening." - "I do not own My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic. All rights belong to Hasbro."
IM ITALIAN and i love that opening
Hiya Trollight! :3
did i show you guys my picture of Lord Celestia?
what!?
i wanna see it! :p
plz
How about we make it LOOPED? http://www.youtuberepeat.com/watch/?v=Trf002vigUA
fine ill go get the URL
imma go check out ur portrait lol
OMG its like a manly Celestia
... kinda agreeing that the head should be longer.
haha thats the whole idea
UGH i have no control over that though
Then again, darn lack of males
Should this channel stream the best Star Trek TNG Q episodes before the MLP season 2 premiere?
>:D
Dont worry everyone, i can be a kind ruler whenever the hay i wanna be
I like Solaris better for the rule 63
DISCORD
YOU MUST DIE
You could try to manually edit the head
I'm putting you on trial for all Ponykind
http://www.ebay.com/itm/Rainbow-Pegasus-Pony-Mascot-Costume-/110740955959?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item19c8ace337#ht_1110wt_1270
that isnt gonna happen
OH GOG THE DISCORD. *sob*
Its over now
5.17k dollars
/me launches DisQord to the MOOOONN
Did you all see the leaked vid of Discord?
stay there for 3 seconds!
1
2
3
okay :p
Well damn.. 5.17k for an RD costume..?
leaked vid?
what what what?
One sec I'll get it
OMG THATS COOL
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZ09jDX0kko
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "My Little Pony Friendship is Magic Season 2 Discord Clip" - "Sorry for the low quality!"
He's SO FUCKING SILLY
He is Q
Anyone who has seen star trek knows that this is Q
Guyssssss.
Q is back for My Little Pony
w-where did that come from?
Stop with the spoilers for ponies who don't wanna know :<
Gah you are so evil!
GAHHH SPOILERRRRRRRRSSSSS
i want to look but...I don't want spoilers.
Why did you click it? :0
I didn't know what it was!!
I was like "Hmm, this is interesting" and BAM instant spoiler!
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG
/me steals LordCelestia's cannon and sends herospirit past the moon.
They weren't that spoilery were theu/
HEY NO STEALING
they*
Anything from a non-released episode is a spoiler
Fuck yeah I love the moon
Well... you're already in space now :3
/me launches TrollightSparkle to the sky and makes her land in the ocean
>_>
I TOLD you what it was!
Oh no, I sent you past the moon.
Even if it's in an official trailer, because trailers spoil all the time.
Is the moon still fun?
I warned you about the leak bro
I TOLD you dog
*teleports back* What was that LordCelestia, I believe you forgot about teleportation and magic and stuff.
you can come back anhytime
u.u
CURSES. FOILED AGAIN
*trollface*
If anyone in this channel wants to see it, I'm pretty sure they know how to check the EqD site
Wait.. Luna.. Y U NO TELEPORT OFF MOON?
Well, anyways. Discord kinda grows on you if you watch it more than once. :0
SHUSH.
Luna went to bed guys
i watched it twice already
I watched it once, and DeLancey made it awesome immediate.
i thought they were gonna go on an epic adven ture, not some dumb game
Can someone please get me out of space?
/me le sighs
The game is an epic adventure
Trollight shot me past the moon.
/me grapplin' hooks herospirit out of space
Epic grappling hook activate, ect.
Try swiming herospirit
That is a long motherfucking grappling hook
Thanks, by the way. :3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oObL3Ajmr2Y
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Offspring - Stuff is Messed Up" - "directed by F. Scott Schafer and Sean Evans"
Anytime.
/me brohoofs herospirit
/me brohoofs Nat
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UF6Te2DDsyw&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Who&#39;s A Silly Pony (Rock Cover)" - "Sending another one your way everypony, let&#39;s go back a few years to the 80&#39;s, where Cheerilee was hip to be square and everypony dressed like it was disco t..."
/me can't stop listening to the Italian Mlp opening
Ooh, video.
Thank you, Twilight.
Such a silly pony
Hello Twilight, didn't see you there
OH NO RAINBOW DASHS WINGS
So... are you two rivals?
Hey trollight :)
JUST LIKE CUPCAKES
*cries*
Hey you two should go read two books at once =p
Well, I asked dari before. Oh well
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrZ4sMRYimw&ob=av2e
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Offspring - The Kids Aren&#39;t Alright" - "Music video by The Offspring performing The Kids Aren&#39;t Alright. YouTube view counts pre-VEVO: 128,851 (C) 1998 Sony BMG Music Entertainment"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GueswEr67SQ&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "MLP:FIM - DuckTales" - "A bit of Awesome Ponies + A Nostalgic Show = My First Official Pony Intro Spoof Audio: Disney&#39;s DuckTales intro Video Footage: My Little Pony: Friendship is ..."
Guys I gotta go now
Anyone care to launch me back to earth?
/me crawls into cannon
/me pushes button
/me "
dat timing
/me "See you tomorroooooooooo....
wth so many people online
hi guys
^GREAT TIMING
alrighty bye guys
Hello zephirdd
Hiya Zephirdd
Bye Lord
cya LordCelestia
/me hugs LordCelestia goodnight
did anyone watch the US Open finals today?
No..
.-.
Djokovic vs Nadal was fucking awesome
Was pretty busy and I'm not too into watching sports.. :/
it was insaaaaaane
4 hours +
*Is watching something rare related*
lol http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BrRDvAszAw&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "MLP: Friendship is Magic - Captain Planet Parody" - "I do not own My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic or Captain Planet. This popped into my head while making Luna&#39;s video. Again, sorry it&#39;s kind of rough. The ..."
/me is watching Day[9] :d
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrZ4sMRYimw&ob=av2e
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Offspring - The Kids Aren&#39;t Alright" - "Music video by The Offspring performing The Kids Aren&#39;t Alright. YouTube view counts pre-VEVO: 128,851 (C) 1998 Sony BMG Music Entertainment"
So much SF4 music to listen to.
http://en.twitch.tv/day9tv
nothing pony related sadly
but Mondays are awesome with Day9
:P
BY YOUR POWERS COMBINED
I AM RAINBOW DASH
How quaint
lol
Soooo... what happens if you make Captain Planet without the heart element?
uhhhhhhh
A crazed ecodefender without moral restraints against killing?
he becomes heartless
der
Or a blue corpse with a hole in his chest?
A Blue Hollow.
*wonders who caught that reference*
I do, but I don't know from what
Bleach
.-.
Eugh
Bleach.
manga/anime btw
lol
brb resetting irc client
k fixed window
:P
Zephirdd are you using a different client like xchat or are you using the one on the site?
IceChat
yea, diff client
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0-LzKQw8uo&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "I&#39;m going to WHAT NOW?!" - "I NEED AN ADULT, NO MEANS NO! Geez, Fluttershy, I said not until we&#39;re married ok?!"
Huh.. I couldn't get any of my clients to work with the chat for some reason.
weird
I just had to connect to irc.bronychat.net
:s
Well, I did that..
And you know, joined #bronystate, but it wouldn't let me speak for some reason.
:S
Oh well :P
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcmq-8rcEKg&feature=watch_response
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Brad, Janet , Rocky, Doctor Scott- Rocky Horror Picture Show" - "This is really Funny Disclaimer; I do not own the movie, the music, or any part of it. All rights go to the original owners. Please, do not get this taken do..."
lolz http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JFkT9wt2Qss
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "PMV Pinkie Pie the Science Guy" - "Hey, its time for everypony&#39;s favorite science show! Pinkie Pie the Science Guy! Pinkie Pie craziness to the Bill Nye theme! I tried fixing my other PMV, whi..."
Ahaha that is too perfect Twilight
lol I know right?
"Today kids, we're going to learn about drugs. Now one especially which distorts your perceptions, called 'Pinkie Pie'."
And then their was this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nrMxOBG2Dw&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Rainbow Dash is Homer Simpson" - "Stop right there, criminal scum!"
Lol
@afkmeter #bronystate
6 #bronystate is 42% afk. (64)
Bull, it's way past that.
@AFK bronystate
#afkmeter bronystate
Ooops
@AFK meter bronystate
FFFF
@AFKmeter bronystate
6 bronystate is 60% AFK. (66)
There we go.
Wow.
... Nice.
I come back and there's only 4 of us :P
/me slow claps
I'm making stuff, so...
/me is slow at times, let's not forget this fact.
/me is slow at times, let's not forget this fact.
Sorry, didn't mean to repeat that.
Going to bed. Bye everyone/pony
I dunno. For a guy who forces himself to read every message here, it being slow is... nice.
/me hugs Rainbow_Dash goodnight
night rainbow
Nighty night! May your dreams be filled with pony :3
Natleyn, why are you hugging so many people today?
I wish. XD
I hug people goodbye and I hug when they're sad.
Also, people who I like the bestests.
Lol :P
Did Rainbow leave already? Man..
/me hugs herospirit
:3
5 of us left.
Scratch that
Hiya Tenure.
I gotta go as well important manners.
Okay!
/me hugs TwilightSparkle goodnight
Hope you sleep well :3
Night Twilight
Natleyn Thanks nat.
howdy, Natleyn
Night Twilight!
herospirit Night
/me was secretly watching this entire chat but then she/he got very tired and now she/he is going to sleep
O_O
Oh.
Good night then AJ
/me also hugs Applejack goodnight
see yall later
You sleep soundly too!
/me hugs Natleyn
/me is a ninja
Night Appljack!
Orange ninja, go figure.
^Please don't go there.
Oh hai Sumica
I too am lurking.
Raid an such
Hmm.. I'm playing stuff too :P
I'm working on the second hardest cursor in Twilight's set.
... friggin' tranparency...
Creating cursors?
:[
Yep.
Sounds pretty awesome!
hero: Luna, Rarity and Twilight's alt link select cursors are gonna be pretty similar. Twi's probably have less sparkles.
Eh, make sure ytou let us see it.
Yeah, cause I think I'd like some cursors to go with my wallpaper and such :P
Yeah, yeah. It's gonna take forever to just get the mane 6 done. -le sigh-
At least I like working on them.
Take your time, I'm sure you're doing fine.
There's no rush. xD
I finish homework EARLY in anticipation of making these.
I hate homework
If they don't hold up to my version of perfectionism, out the door and start over
Yar. Don't overwork yourself or you'll get bored of it :0
Homework.. *shudders*
It's why I have 4 versions of Luna's loading cursor.
friggin statistics is KILLING me here.
I think I just have review from a book I don't have, but I'll have access to it when I get to my college's library.
I have no math class this year >: D
You think that's bad.. I'll be taking 2 math classes next month..
But I enjoy math, so it'll be fine.
I now have to figure out an accident that has a 1 in 4 million probability translates to an estimated lifetime of fifty thousand...
http://mediacdn.snorgtees.com/media/catalog/product/b/u/burnlifeshouse_fullpic_1.jpg I want this shirt
/me is still in highschool for this year
O rly?
/me is pursuing his BS
How far along are you hero?
/me 0is as well :0
I'm a senior, so this is my last year of it.
Word.
That shirt is awesome.
Very nice, very nice.
it's a nice one
Bleh and another wipe.
What shirt?
0I still have six more years of school. :\
they got a shirt with the full speech on vgcats.com
Could you repost the shirt as a link?
: http://mediacdn.snorgtees.com/media/catalog/product/b/u/burnlifeshouse_fullpic_1.jpg
goddamn it
:0
You can do it
I believe in you
I'm thinking of going in on the first day of class with an FiM shirt :P
Lol. You in college?
Will be in October :)
College students seem to be less stupidly hostile to things.
what major are you looking at?
I guess so, and software development/programming/computer stuff.
Same as me.
@herospirit, I guess I'll see on the first day of class :o
/me brohoofs TrollightSparkle
awesome, computers will never stop being important
Haha :P
/me brohoofs Natleyn back. COMPUTER NERDS FTW
I am consigned to write endless papers, such is the life of a history major
nope but you will have to retrain on them every year forthe rest of your working life.
KanyeEast: history major eh?
My older sister has told me that college students tend to be better than highschool ones were.
History's interesting, I liked history :)
/me hugs KanyeEast
Sounds fun
Yes, i am the biggest history nerd ever
I love history and stories.
:p
I'm going to be going into art. :0
Ah... no stream... oh, well...
History is nice, I'm just not too terribly interested in it.
T^T
Hero, I messed up so much with the Luna link select cursor ;~;
KanyeEast: favorite part of history?
You can't friggin tell 'cause it all blends anyway...
:o
My favorite part tends to be the stuff i'm learning about
/me hides in a dark corner and sniffs sadly, still working
You did, Nat? :0
It seems fine to me :0
Well, I meant, what time period/region?
/me hugs Natleyn
hmm...
Oh hai Kencolt
Two frames! Two! Where all the transparency is broken and stupid 'cause I forgot to advance a step downwards...
New site, I see...
a lot of its really boring, we didn't have the decency to get invaded after 1812
Ugh. Moping is no way to act.
FIXIN' TIME
Oh. I'm using the alternate link select, so I guess I wouldn't know :0
I do love the early 20th century.
I really like the alt one.
I'm somewhat into the steampunk stuff.
I'm also a big fan of sociology and the 'why' behind decision making
yeah trying to get everything ready for saterday
international diplomacy and the like, if you ever want to be an optimist about people thats where you look
Alt one is now standard, 'cause it's coolest
even the craziest dictators like kim jong il are actually rational in their decision making.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
/me lands back to Earth and hits the ground face first
I'll be releasing an updated Luna after I fix it all >.>...
Welcome back, my LordCelestia.
I'm big on the antiquity Europe/pre-medieval ages.
/me appears
Damn it my cannon didnt send me away. it sent me in a giant circle around the sun and back here
..............
thats gravity for you
Greek/Rome/Byzantine is my favorite.
Well.. sucks to be you!
The romans are/were awesome
Now launch me away from this planet LordCelestia!
my face! god dammit
where do u want to go?
No idea, anywhere.
The Romans were pretty savage though.
So I'm still making these Pony portrait sprites.......
And I just realized
you think so?
you don't have any idea? i know where you can find out
ON THE MOOOOOOOOON
I mean, to the germanic tribes yeah
/me launches TwilightSparkle to moon
the whole "food for children" program wasn't very nice
How INTENTLY I'm staring at this Pony ass to figure out the shading ;_;
Whatcha realize, hero?
;~;
;_;
o.o
The best part is
That's wierd even to a wolf.
Hero, my 'messups' were where I misplaced a 96/255 transparent pixel instead of a 80/255 transparent pixel.
I'm listening to "Hot Patootie" from RHPS
Well, a lot of pixels.
Ah, gotcha Natleyn
sounds like you really liked RHPS for the songs to be stuck in your head after so many days
Brb again, time to run to the store :D
Seeya in a bit, Grim!
So, when I realized I was staring at Pony ass, Eddy suddenly shouted "HOOOOOOOOT PATOOOOOTIE"
;_;
I do not think I wish to meet Eddie.
just like "whatever floats your boat Eddy".
Or Eddy.
Or Ed.
Eddy from, RHPS.
What about Double D, Kencolt?
And RHPS would be...
Eugh.
Maybe I'll finish this by midnight, maybe not...
Rocky Horror Picture Show
One cursor being five hours of work isn't fun...
Oh, THAT-- ERRGH.
You tired, Kencolt? :p
Brains like to not work at night.
No... injured- injured my foot about a wekk ago and still in discomfort.
Solar powerd mind?
...Which is awesome, because if you are tired enough, EVERYTHING is funny.
Hiya DCD
I never asked for this
Not a lot ofm actual pain at the moment, but a lot of milds aching.
He lives
To be shown how much of a brony he was.
Me and my friend once had a conversation about a flaming Unicorn shitting rainbows falling from the sky, and we were tired enough that we found it hilarious.
OHAI DCD
nice conversation to walk in on right?
is dari around?
nope
Greetings, DCD.
afk.
and then I said "oatmeal, are you crazy"
only us here?
^This
I AM PUNCHING YOUR SALAD
at least you missed the "Hot Patootie" conversation
By tired, do you mean stoned? Because tired never hit ME like that.
NOOOO
ohai dari
Never done drugs. If I did, the world would implode from sheer randomness.
Die potato Noo-I like trains. Oh no no wait (SPLAT)
havent heard from dari for like 2-3 hours
Now son, don't touch that cactus!
/me touches cactus
YOU'RE DEAD TO ME
so
So
i'm new
so
if hero did drugs
os
Hiya, TreyLove.
he'd become Pinkie Pie?
Trollight, why is the baby on fire?
Hello TreyLove.
Trollight there's something on your face
can I watch the season 2 opener here?
You are speaking of rainbow fecal actions while ignited. Doesn't get much more random than that.
/me punches trollight
BUY ME MORE JEWELERY
IT WAS PAIN
TreyLove: indeed you can, and much more!
OHAI TREYLOVE!
HEY I MADE YOU ALL A PIE
Oh boy, what flavour?
just make sure to be here on time
PIE FLAVOR. -.-
My cable provider doesn't have the hub :(
Except nothing is actually streaming. Is it?
We're having a season 2 opener live stream.
stupid college cable
-^-
Naw, none of our streamers are on right now.
I'll wake up early on saturday JUST FOR PONIES
YAH!
pfft. screw gravity. (OFF TO THE MOON)
Our quality is top-notch, so it will be like watching TV
/me brohoofs TreyLove
Trey: SAME HERE. That, and I got to handle the streaming technicalities LOL
...WHY IS THERE ANOTHER tREY?
stupid caps lock
also TreyLove: we'll have events BEFORE and AFTER the premiere
that sounds fucking brilliant
i am so there
It is.
I'll just keep this site in a tab for the next week
And between all of our Bronystate members, we have about one person's worth of sanity!
after I joined the room, you lost it
>.>
What's sanity? :P
Fridays are movie night by the by
Oh?
Right, here, on the BronyState Channel
Our traditional Brony Movie Night on Friday, followed by a S1 Overnight Mare-a-thon, followed by the Premiere, followed by random stuff like House and Doctor Who. And Mazinkaiser SKL
We watch one good movie, one that's either "so bad it's good" or a cult classic
I got my music library playing. Got all the fallou goodies going on here
lol
Ahem... I am always perfectly sane. I am never anything as-- Oooo. Meaty.
I've been hanging in the realm of madness with canon Pinkamina for like... since she existed.
Meaty Meat
ooon the mooooooonaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah >>
Kencolt, short attention span?
Ah yes
Fluttershy!
/me gnaws on a convienent hotdog.
I mean.
<<
Oh, sounds awesome
That's where I was you see.
:x
ON THE MOONAAAAAAAAAAH.
this Friday: Blade Runner as our A Movie, and the original MLP Movie, Rescue from the Midnight Castle, as our B Movie
Did you enjoy your stay?
Yes. :3
/me hugs Fluttershy
Hello again! :3
You... that's EVIL. That's not a B-movie,. That's like... a M, or Q movie.
/me does a little shuffle
Que es A/B/etc movie?
Bjornfot did it
Well, our "A" movie is our "Good" movie, and our "B" movie is....our B-Movie, So-Bad-It's-Good-Movie, or Cult Classic
Oh, I see.
actually kencolt
There should be a rule against Bjornfot choosing the movie, even if he wen the draw
from what I hear, that movie is decent-ish
won*
SHOO BE DOO SHOOP SHOO BE DOO
herospirit: at least he isn't Tacowiz
Now THAT was horrible
Tacowiz?
/me feels like he hasn't attention horsed enough lately.
we should watch a movie about LordCelestia and all of his glory
From what I remember... what little I allow myself to remember...
or something funny
@sexymeter Silvermane
lol
6Silvermane is 7247308% sexy.
/me feels better now
holy crap it's Silvermane
/me hides under his tail.
Hai Silvermane
Whats up silver
EVERYONE RUN
SILVERMANE
hello
Hiya.
FLUTTERSHY
hiya
Oh man, there goes my productive stream >.>
FLUTTERSHY DOMINATES SILVERMANE
>.>
10:45 - Everywhere is empty
10:55 - WHY WON'T YOU STOP POSTING
@Fluttershymeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 15% Fluttershy. (67)
0' ^ '
impossiburu
you need to work on your fluttershy
0Ohai NewDCD.
@NightMareMoonmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 43% NightMareMoon. (68)
Natleyn is one hour away. Mental note
Whahaha!
ok guys so i'm coming up on 48 hours no sleep. and i think i'm going to put on a nice pony playlist to snuggle up with my pinkie pie and fall asleep to. the question is, should i do music or episodes?
0@Fluttershy meter
/me loves everypony here equally except fluttershy who makes me explode from cuteness overload
@Gundammeter NewDCD
6 NewDCD is 78% Gundam. (69)
awesome
I'm getting the dirt on all of you
ctrlx: listen to fluttershy's fireflies parody
GOOD LUCK WITH THAT
herospirit, here you go www.facebook.com/ctrlx
ctrlx...
0@Kamen_Ridermeter Razyn
if you want to sleep
6 Razyn is 60% Kamen_Rider. (70)
@KanyeWest KanyeEast
/me gets rid of all dirt in my house
0Coolio
nice and clean!
why?
Didn't you hear?!
Why did you stay up for 48 hours?
woops, forgot meter
herospirit, just making it easy for you
oh
I... will be... the next NMM!!!!
idunno
@KanyeWestMeter KanyeEast
6 KanyeEast is 72% KanyeWest. (71)
HAHAHAAHAHAHAHA!1
have you not heard?
o-o
@pony The pony who falls into a Real Robot Type cockpit and becomes a pilot and the mane character for the duration of a 52-episode series.
it's going to take me a while to fall asleep too
6 The pony who falls into a Real Robot Type cockpit and becomes a pilot and the mane character for the duration of a 52-episode series. is 7Mr Br15eezy
HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHAH!!!!
YES!
AWELLA bird bird bir bir is tha word a wella bird bird bird
BREEZY DA PAIROTTO
-sigh-
-pulls out a sword- ATTACKK!!
The best part is that
/me loves Fluttershy Moon
@Swordmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 98% Sword. (72)
/me GROUP HUGS
YEAH FLUTTERSHY
word
0!!!
-laughs evilly-
anyways. i might be on later if i can't sleep. until then, you're all awesome <3
Suddenly, everypony talks.
@Treemeter fluttershy
@badassmeter Fluttershy
6 fluttershy is 98% Tree. (73)
6 Fluttershy is 30% badass. (74)
Bye Ctrlx!
/me hugs ctrlx goodnight
0Protip: Magicchange with ponies to deal maximum damage
@badassmeter
@Pony The character with the most chances of becoming a Super Robot Pilot
6 The character with the most chances of becoming a Super Robot Pilot is 8Bo12nB13on
6 You are 67% badass. (75)
-points her sword at LordCelestia- YOU
YOUUUUUUU
@Hotbloodmeter Bon Bon
6 Bon Bon is 76% Hotblood. (76)
@pony The pony with the Fist of the North Star
6 The pony with the Fist of the North Star is 7Scoota6loo
how fitting
0@pony The pony most likely to become a 'Masked Rider'
6 The pony most likely to become a 'Masked Rider' is 14Silver S15poon
SCOOTALOO WHOO
@pony the pony most likely to travel through time
6 the pony most likely to travel through time is 8Sapphire 12Sh11or12es
SCOOTAROO HYAKURETSU KEN
AHAHHAHGAEHAEFDFAEWFDSEKRFJAAEKW:FDSJK:LWE:KLFDSLFKEWJHQO@KEQO#$@FJ#PIJDSKF:JAIEJQIP#@J$FQD:KFJ
0SENSATIONAL
@pony The pony who can ZA WARUDO
6 The pony who can ZA WARUDO is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
0mfw
Sapphire shores for next companion
Ahahahahaha!
MWHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
DIEEEEEE!
YOU ARE NOT A PONY
@pony The pony who can ZA WARUDO
Dude
6 The pony who can ZA WARUDO is 7Brae8burn
/me sits in the corner, watching Fluttershy, his marestress.
My gog. Braeburn is Dio
I gotta go now everypony
Night Celest
Bye again LordCelestia!
Bye then LordCelestia!
@pony The pony who will replace Celestia in a coup
6 The pony who will replace Celestia in a coup is 7Scoota6loo
I'm back
/me hugs LordCelestia goodnight, again
Yeah Scoots, again
WHAHAHAHAHA
/me gets into cannon and braces himself
SOMEBODY PRESS THE BUTTON
/me pushes button
@Pony The pony with The Fist of the Nosehair
6 The pony with The Fist of the Nosehair is 3Granny Sm15ith
again.
WWWWWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEH
0NEWDCD TEL ME MORE
HAHA
LOL. Granny Smith
Granny Smith xD
so is this what IRC is like?
This is what frantic is like.
Pretty much! :D
@pony The pony most likely to be shipped with Caramel
6 The pony most likely to be shipped with Caramel is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
....
OH GOD
@pony The pony most likely to be parodied on South Park
6 The pony most likely to be parodied on South Park is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
Hahaha
&yep.
I WISH VAL WAS HERE AHAHAHAHA
I just got my guildmates to name our 10-man team on WoW Sparkle Motion: Friendship is Magic
@Pony the Pony in TreyLove's room
6 the Pony in TreyLove's room is 5Snai10ls
@pony The one to adventure the internet with Natleyn
6 The one to adventure the internet with Natleyn is 7Mr Br15eezy
AWW YEAH
LETS MAKE THAT ANIME, BREEZY
@pony The pony most likely to be Gundam
6 The pony most likely to be Gundam is 8Mr a7nd 11Mrs C13ake
0NewDCD, did you check out Fourze yet?
HAAH.
OH GOD
-tackles SilverMane=
GIVE ME A SECOND GUYS
And then Mr and Mrs Cake were gundam.
@pony the pony who didn't give DCD a second
/me 0hands DCD a second
6 the pony who didn't give DCD a second is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
What the- *thump* fluttershy? What are you doing?
'course^
YOU WILL OBEY ME!!!
Fluttershy sure is assertive today
My Fluttershy how bold of you.
@Pony the pony who didn't obey Fluttershy
6 the pony who didn't obey Fluttershy is 7Brae8burn
why am i stuck with snails?
@Kinkymeter Fluttershy
Braeburn! who is also Dio
6 Fluttershy is 30% Kinky. (77)
/me checks back in, notes someone said Gundam...
Yup, he's our bot.
@pony the pony AllisZero will kiss on the forehead
6 the pony AllisZero will kiss on the forehead is 8Flutter13shy
WIN
Winning
THIS HOOF OF MINE GLOWS WITH AN AWESOME POWER!!
Gundam?
Where?
Aww yeah
go claim your prize
HAHAHAHA
YOU
WILL
ALL
LOVE
ME
/me looks about, and then hangs his head. "Yes marestress Fluttershy..."
@Pony the pony who has the POWER OF GRAYSKULL
Fluttershy
6 the pony who has the POWER OF GRAYSKULL is 13Pinkie 4Pie
/me hugs the marshmellow out of Fluttershy
ITS BURNING CLOP TELLS ME TO DEFEAT YOU!!! SHINING FETLOCKS!!!
are you humanized?
HERO, FUCK YES
FUCKING
WIZARD
YYYYYEEEEEEAAAAAAAH
-pants, looking around with crazy eyes-
Get her, Tenure
Don't believe in yourself
Believe in me who believes in you
BELIEVE IN THE ME THAT BELIEVES IN YOU
Hah.
Yours is a hoof that will pierce the heavens!
/me strikes with giant gundam hooves
YOU
WILL
Who the FUCK do you think we are!?
OBEY
oh yeah the night of the 17th we'll air the Gurren Lagann movies back to back
@break_through_to_the_heavensmeter Natleyn
6 Natleyn is 80% break_through_to_the_heavens. (78)
Fluttershy, I will obey as long as you're humanized
LETS ROCK.
DCD, that means I have to hurry and watch the series
YOu don't know if I am! I AM NOW AN ALLICORN
YOU WILL OBEY MEEEE
SO MANY UPDATES. T^T
/me tapes icecream cone on Fluttershy's head
still not sure why i got stuck with snails
SHE'S AN ALICORN
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-PYbgF34-ASA/Tm06kI0vdUI/AAAAAAAAL-k/-fzvzZF_y7E/s1600/luna_the_bunny_by_europamaxima-d49grvf.jpg
not humanized?
Sorry baby, my pants stay on
Dem's the brakes Trey!
-smacks herospirit aside, irises red-
Tenure, repost as a link.
Pics vanish for me :0
my clopfics bring all the boys to the yard
they're like...I wanna clop hard
/2.bp.blogspot.com/-PYbgF34-ASA/Tm06kI0vdUI/AAAAAAAAL-k/-fzvzZF_y7E/s1600/luna_the_bunny_by_europamaxima-d49grvf.jpg
damn right
I'm like...you sorry soul.
So I made three clopfics just for them
Ughhhh.
/me says you should probably not fight. She's gone crazy from too many ship/clop/grimdark fics
LOL. Dat pic
so yeah.
-pants, looking around the room-
/me gives Fluttershy Off the Edge of the Map, runs
Anypony read clopfics?
0...
Not me. :0
:O
oh ye gods
Silvermane writes them.
0Yes, Treylove.
I'm just getting a statistical analysis for a college paper
..I read one once.. and it ruined part of my perceptions of some ponies.
that reminds me of when a friend of mine asked me to do a dramatic reading of a clopfic
Silvermane is the master of writing them.
Because I have some that a friend of mine asked me to do...starring him
I'm prud of those two, actually
Lol :p
So, for science, Anypony wishing to help me with my experiment, say I
/me pulls SilverMane tightly into her arms, growling.
I wouldn't have minded but the fic he chose was nothing short of horrific
Herospirit... wow, thanks for the praise, but... i actually don't. I simply RP clop-scenes well.
/me squeaks at the sudden embrace
wait
but I read it anyway
the worst clopfic I ever read was cupcakes
Fluttershy
But you're writing the... thing
that thing thing
Trey... what
since when do you have arms and not hooves?
rutting day was worse
with the stuff
way worse
Yous trollin
0TreyLove, go sit in the corner and think of what you did
/what/ NewDCD?
also, guys
I didn't even get there with cupcakes
I'm all for BDSM but that was too intense
'sup DCD?
It's almost like Rainbow died
NewDCD, hooves don't replace arms, they replace hands. :p
>Fluttershy pulls Silvermane into her ARMS...
LOL. You're going to fit in fine here Trey.
Trey, now's a good time to stop.
well she probably meant forelegs
arms=legs then?
but yeah
FORELEGS
stfu >>;
hehe
Also guys
I'm surprised I'm getting any work on the cursors done.
PULLED HIM INTO HER APPENDAGES.
0Yeah, TreyLove, your actually not even supposed to talk about that one too much
I try.
*you;'re
0NewDCD, wassup?
frk
you're
Yay Natleyn
>This exists
But yeah...Scientific clopfic readers wanted.
http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/a3658fa26b3f1a3802cd76607c9fc722/6445%20-%20Mrs_Cake%20crossover%20gundam%20mr_cake.png
Silvermane, you should all Trey into that place
Tat one place
That I avoid for my sanity's sake
0Aw... I was hoping for gattaida
not a big transformers fan
:0
Herospirit, you mean... the forbidden room?
Wat.
Gahhh.
lol I'm actually streaming my music livbrary to a friend
Yes Silvermane
lol I'm actually streaming my music library to a friend
But Trey those are Gundams
/me slaps Trey
THAT IS NOT TRANSFORMERS
He doesn't have any remixes so I skype called him and am playing music
Herospirit... not today, but we'll see. keep an eye on him for me
well I guess you know what I don't really watch either
Gundam
:/
yeah.
:P
More of a Coawboy Bebop kind of guy
ergo proxy
inuyasha
albeit the previous being my first anime
The only gundam series I've ever liked was G Gundam
Trey Gundam and Bebop are both by Sunrise
the only "longer" anime I like
Posting to keep track of conversation.
well I guess I have to pick one poison
Tenure: go watch Gundam X, it's good too
if only because it never took itself too seriously
Bebop it is
Besides, I'm writing a bebop crossover, so
Are you the one writing Pony Symphony, Trey?
and a LOZ crossover
as much as I would love to...know
And I'm not the one writing "when Trey came to town" either
*no
You know one of the animes I watch? Bobobo-bo-bo-bobo
It is like drugs.
Gah.
It makes no fucking sense.
>Flutteryay
I swear the writer of Trey in town stole my idea
I love one piece
I forgot that on purpose.
Flutteryay vs. Fluttershy
Bobobo was hilarious
I love Bobobo :3
Heaven or Hell
let's rock
@lovemeter Fluttershy Flutteryay
13 Fluttershy and Flutteryay are 53% in love.
I go by "Bandmaster" Trey, so symphony would be my bag, i guess
Good enough.
How are you doing that..
I knew I was insane when I started being able to predict Bobobo.
0:0
you can predict bobobo?
I've done it before.
i've rewatched epsidoes and lost track of what was happening
Someone was dancing and I was like "AND NOW COWS FALL FROM THE SKY"
...and then cows fell from the sky.
:0
you have the gift
:3
:3
I really wanted to do a Persona crossover but there's so many doing it now I feel I've been beaten to it.
/me brohoofs Herospirit
/me brohoofs Nat
So I might just do a grimdark Drakengard crossover instead
3 frames left till I'm done with Twilight's Link Select (the alt one for luna) is done.
Why not cross mlp with more hasbro franchises?
DRAKENDASH
But then I have to check all the friggin' transparencies, and fix Luna's.
also guys
because crazy japanese stuff is more fun to crossover with.
My Little G.I.s
twilight's friendship report
and then "And knowing is half the battle"
'sup DCD?
XD
I'm thinking about streaming this whole series post-premiere since it's only three episodes long, and one hell of a KER-AZY PAHTEE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTBdGtTPOyE
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Mazinkaiser SKL Opening" - "Sito: http://dpcrew.lega-z.com Forum: http://www.lega-z.com/"
do you approve?
Lemme watch the OP.
Looks cool enough
Length of each episode?
anypony on fimfiction?
Don't remember, but not too long
Alrighty-o. I approve
pony reach?
Notjust Pony Reach
Dead Gears of Pony Reach Space
:0
all you need is commander shepard
Yeeeeeeeesssss
twilight already is basically tali
just give her a shotgun
I like Twilight weilding a piece of Necromorph there
Also, the person who made the comic made a version of the last panel with a transparent background
does anybody here know Gundam 00?
so you can use it as a desktop :p
I'm not very Gundam savvy DCD
Meow.
which gundam was that? the old school one with the flying ship?
Because SCOOTALOO F. SEIEI
hero, I'm the worst gundum savvy pony here
I thought the pic was transformers
XD
all I remember is the really gay gundam on toonami
gundam wing
No, I AM. I have never seen Gundam. Ever.
naw 00 is the most recent
Till Gundam AGE starts in October that is
...
Neither have I
I never watched gundam
Going to kill myself with this transparency stuff.
and when I do, I think it's transformers
for shows about giant robots I prefered Big O
Kanye, speaking of Pony/Mass Effect
aka: MOBILE SUIT GUNDAM LAYTON AND THE CURIOUS AGE
batman + giant robot = amazing
Kayne: we watch Big O on Saturdays in the Stream
:O
brb
Lol hero
well hell this is gonna be tabbed for a week
Brushy btushy
brushy*
might as well be tabbed for the entire season
i'l just say afk
Dat comic
Lol
AFK
even wrex can't resist the adorable that is fluttershy
t/afk
Actually it's like this:
Gundam X > Eureka 7 > Gravion > Big O > Megas XLR
is there and afk command?
oh. red name
yep
slash away I think?
Wrex/Fluttershy = BFF
hm
whatever
just trust me that I'm away
I know I'm new but just trust me.
@OTPmeter Wrextershy
6 Wrextershy is 98% OTP. (79)
I don't want to leave you any more than I have to.
OH GOD
Mmk.
WHOA.
what does OTP stand for?
When did chat change? o-o
._.
its a shame japan didn't like Big O, i guess it was too deep for them
One true pairing
one true pairing
I'm Saving that
what's happening!?! i just got here!
or it didn't have enough magical girls with bright blue hair who were kawaii
For me: Scratch and 'Tavi, Lyra/Bonbon, ect
But seriously, when did chat go to white
Kanye: actually Japan likes Big O as well, if SRW is any indication
Paradigm City plays a VERY big role in SRW Z, not to mention the game actually explains what Paradigm City IS
too bad those SRW games are Japanese only
so why didn't they make a third season?
Wait, what
DCD what is SRW
I stream SRW Z2 and sortie with Roger all day erry day : 3
I want to know whats the deal with those tomatos man
tomatoes
Leave for literally half a minute and miss important stuff.
Super Robot Wars
Mecha crossover SRPG I stream A LOT
Oh.
You got characters from Gurren Lagann together with Gundams and Mazinger and Getter and Variable Fighters and Big O and Gravion and Orguss and GodMars and...
needless to say
robots, robots everywhere
it is every mecha fanboy's wet dream
and the plots are actually GOOD. Too bad they are in Japanese
still the battle animations are amazing and I know how to play it. It's fun
Hey hero
you'd think TTGL would just sweep everything.
they power their robots with hotbloodedness
Before you sleep, would you like to see Twi's link select cursor?
yes Natleyn
One frame left, and I'm not changing design atm.
Sumica and herospirit, you two are being my beta testers >_>
oro?
I'll PM you when I finish the frame
Huh? Sorry? I just got here ;_;
look up, it's not that far
also Kanye: Paradigm was built as a method of forgetting the Black History (from Turn A Gundam), which would eventually destroy mankind
Ever played Persona 3 and remember the option you have to decide to wipe your memories so you can live without the knowledge that the world will end in a few months? Sort of like that.
Oh, sure, I'll see it :D
huh, I figured people were forgetting on purpose. what with the giant ruins under the water you see for like 3 seconds on the last episode.
Hero, check 'yer PM.
with the trailer that got released it looks like people are already hard at work coming up with fanfics and what not.
Kayne keep in mind that SRW exists in a multiverse. That's the explanation we get from the Z-Verse, but the Big O Canon-verse and D-verse might be different (yes, the canon settings of these shows exist in the SRW Multiverse, just that the SRW Game Verses have them characters all existing in the same worlds; as in born there, not Secret Wars crossoverlike)
you'd have better luck asking Kaworu Nagisa from Evangelion
well i'll just learn Japanese then. Fly to japan and break into the creator of Big O's house.
he's heavily implied to be a Time Diver (read: multiverse world-hopper who keeps the balance of causality)
He has experienced the events of the SRW games with Eva (F/F Final, Alpha/Alpha 3 and MX), remembers the events from said universes, has experienced the anime's canon universe as well, and Rebuild MIGHT be hinting to this Kaworu being TimeDiver!Kaworu
SRW: Serious Business
Saved for future posterity: http://i920.photobucket.com/albums/ad43/herospirit/Wrextershy.png
wait, Kaworu is a time lord?
What would happen is Endless 8 (from Haruhi Season 2) happened to My Little Pony Friendship is Magic season 2?
I don't remember saying whoa.
DANG IT I MISSED SOMETHING
Beefchief: care to elaborate?
I havent seens haruhi at all
he means if they did a constant loop of the same episode, just animated different
same content, over and over.
Quick question, what's OTP?
one true pairing
its a shipping term
lol
Oh, ok
to describe who someone think is the 'perfect' couple
isnt that kinda normal for a way to fill time in jap anime?
so twilight/books
Gintama had a couple episodes like that
not quite, haruhi had literally the same content
for 8 episodes
Kanye: someeeeething like that
Think less Time Lord and more Dimensional Lord, at least according to SRW, which introduced the concept
The only confirmed Time Divers are Ingram Prisken and his successor Cobray Gordon... But Kaworu is HEAVILY implied to be a Time Diver as well
oh
It was a time loop
Oh God, that was horrible.
I thought it was some sort of repeating the scenes on the same episode
I was stupid enough to watch all 8 episodes.
not repeating episodes
now that'd be weird
nah, literally 8 episodes animated in different ways.
and with slightly different scenes
spike could be like "twilight denwa"
and since Hideaki Anno himself has penned most of SRW's Evangelion scenarios and events, this probably extends to canon as well
apple bloom would be 'kyon's sister'
applejack denwaaa
so whose haruhi? twilight?
Pinkie
ah, makes sense
haruhi suzumiya is basically japanese pinkie pie except is also a god
^This
silly Beefchief, who said pinkie isnt a god?
Fluttershy is also obviously Mikuru
I got bored of Haruhi just before Endless Eight began its bullshit
I just read the translated light novels, they were pretty good
lol, the only thing I know about Haruhi
If pinkie was a god, closed space would have enveloped equestria in Party of One and the world would've been reborn
is the music "God Knows"
0Haruhi is fine but overrated
which has a fucking awesome guitar solo
and thats it
that series needed 20% more Tsuruya
Counfound these ponies
they drive me to listen to Avenue Q
they drive me to crossover?
also
WMG Time
yay, I love guessing
FiM belongs to the SRW OG-verse
because it has giant robots?
Because Big Macintosh and Kyosuke Nanbu are basically the same person
Same with Pinkie Pie and Excellen
Ergo it is one of the many OG-verses
my guess is that "Progress's" interpretation of Luna will be the closest
hell you could call Kyosuke's Alteisen "Big Mechintosh" and it'd be pretty close
also you guys
SRW Z-series gave us this attack animation gem
TO DA MOOOOONAAAAAH http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FgvQgHIbF-U
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Super Robot Wars Z Solar Aquarion mugen punch" - "god damn i just got this attack and i already love it....also 1-14 RNG=holy shit :O"
lol
oh its like final fantasy?
it's an SRPG
Think Fire Emblem with Giant Fighty Robots
.....
I also find it funny that the mech is called SOLAR Aquarion
Clearly Celestia has had a hand on this
>Fire Emblem with Giant Fighty Robots
WHY HAVEN'T I PLAYED THIS YET
it's her moon banishment platform
what is it for?
Like, playstation or what?
herospirit: go play SRW J
It's for the GBA and there's a fan translation lying around
It's a great starting point (Alpha Gaiden is also translated but it's much more difficult....J is great for learning the SRW System so you can play the Japanese games like I do)
there are like 40 SRW games
so yeah
O_O
I.... don't know if I want to start that kind of undertaking O-O
it's a 20-year-old series this year
And inmensely popular
relax herospirit
Its almost like deciding to 100% every Disgaea x.x
they aren't sequels
they all stand in their own continuity, or belong to a short series
Cool, I'll try'em out
But for now, I sleep
for example, all of the handheld games (barring Z2) are standalone
the main series are as such:
Nighty night, Herospirit
My little tester. <3
Time to sleep.
:3
/me hugs herospirit and FreezeFrame goodnight
Classic: 2-3-EX-F- F Final + Masoukishin Gaiden
I'm also leaving, so....
Night everypony! :3
May your dreams be filled with Pony!
Night Natleyn!
Alpha: Alpha, Alpha Gaiden, Alpha 2, Alpha 3
Z Series: Z, Z2 -Hakai-hen, Z2 - Saisei-hen (to be released), Z3 (announced for PSVita)
Original Generation: OG1 and OG2 GBA, remade into OGS for PS2, OGS Gaiden, and OGS2 for PS3 due next month
the rest of the games are all stand-alone
Oh my who got DCD started on SRW
Not me >.>
hey
/me lurks for eternity
Oh right I was gonna see if Dari was trolling me earlyer.
oh
my
god
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kASoo135qu0&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Avenue Q - 09 Special" -
someone get Trixie clips
and fucking mix them
I have zero video editing skills, but someone should be able
...right
?
one would think.
Uhh...
*smooch* Goooood night everybody! *waves*
Night Polarfire
night everypony
/me hugs everypony
cya
bye!
hello
anyone in here?
Feh seems i dont know how to change text color in this program yet.
What are you using?
xchat, I can chage it but it's only my end.
hihello
What's the problem, Sumica?
I use xchat too
7Sumica is trying to do this in xchat
Good night to you all.
where awesomeshy at?
he been on today?
Right click, the text bar, Insert Attribute or color code
13 leik thees
inb4 we get kicked while trying to demonstrate
lolyup.
>_>
It was weird seeing that "This is your first warning" message.
It's been so long...
the warnings get reset every time Dari gets dc'ed
XD
and eeyup.
Is that when it happens? Interesting.
Or, these days atleast, switch IRC networks again >_>
Heh
so which one is the "the text bar"
The one you type in :P
Shouldn't be anymore network switching.
Yeah, I was jk'in
:)
Hi again Pontang
As long as the staff are satisfied, we should be able to hold their influx of users.
Heyo
woop!
We're setting up servers right now that should hold whatever they're expecting.
You got it Sumica?
So who is Pontang?
That guy up there.
Don't recall seeing him around before.
Very helpful Polar...
I believe he is one of the managers of the new network.
Not a clue Polarfire
alrighy...
Let's go here.
Pontang is one of the people running ponychat or some such
#SumicaTutorial
Yep
So I don't have to use up my Dari-warnings
hasn't been on in ~18 hours
or, at least not in this channel
oh ok
About wondered where the activity went.
to bed most likely
Or hideing ^_^
or resisting watching the trailer
What trailer?
the s2 spoiler one
Hi ValtheJean
2,14 howdy sumica
2,14 I take it the presence of DCD means the stream's going?
uhhh, no clue
whats going on
hello
quiet
in here
opps sorry
nono i mean you can talk, just its very quiet here
im new here whats going
all i get is a little circle thing
i don't think anyone is streaming at the moment
o
/me flies off in the wind
woooooooooooooooo
well that was fast
Not supprising.
2,14 honestly, I'm surprised it wasn't faster :P
Sety probably was off making coffee
2,14 lol
man Mr Frezze ep's of Batmand TAS were sad.
mmmhmmm
because you actually sympathize with him
2,14 whereas in the retarded movie, you just want him to shut the hell up
hey, what did this mean exactly? "<Pontang> Should be more users soon. We're changing names." we changing the domain we connect to?
indeed
GGgala: the irc.bronychat.net will still connect. But the network itself is now being called ponychat
The domain will be changing, but the old one will continue to work for a long time.
Oh FFFFFFUU hub, trying to make me watch the spoiler.
2,14 lol
2,14 it's really not a spoiler
2,14 I honestly wouldn't be surprised if they aired it as a commercial
I am sure it's not all that bad but i still refuse
2,14 but hey, to each their own :P
2,14 fair enough
And yes they are showing it as an ad I assume.
2,14 fortunately you'll only need to hold out until saturday :P
I am sure I will give in befor that.
2,14 lol
Fight the good fight Sumica!
lol thanks Dashite
2,14 man...this is going to be the longest week of my life
2,14 up until now I've just been like "hey, S2 will come when it comes"
2,14 but now I'm just like: "OMG WHY ISN'T IT HERE YET?"
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/57470 wat
2,14 loading....
2,14 I...um...yeah what you said Tenure
o.o
2,14 I really don't understand the magneto thing
It was an advertisment that was poping up during the last ep of the bronyville stream.
2,14 what advertisement?
For Xmen firstclass.
2,14 so...they made a magneto pony because there was an xmen advertisement?
It kep poping up thoughout the whole ep and I guess crasshed the stream when some one clicked it.
2,14 ah
they also sang a version of at the galla taht you would have to see to get all of it.
alot of jokes where made with magneto
2,14 I....see
You should be able to find something on YT or on of the eqd post on it.
2,14 lol, I think I'll pass :P
I feel kinda lazy, i ahve take to watching tv on the PC wile gameing, Just set it to always ontop.
2,14 lol
2,14 welp, I think I'll be heading to bed
2,14 good night, whoever is still here :P
hi, i need a little help with the exact time for watch the pony marathon
Woops guess he left brfore I saw the question.
I've got no idea whats going on....
Nothing. That's what.
4 more days. . .
Good afternoon.
O.O
Huh. They Might Be Giants + Ponies?
lol, Triangle Man
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vejIFEQ5VrQ <-- Awesome
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Particle Horse" - "I&#39;m not sure at what stage this became a Trixie video. Music by They Might be Giants. (and The Four Lads, apparently) http://postimage.org/image/2qd1dx5s4"
weeeee
turgle
Synros!
xD
how are u
just back from work
im soooo tired
how 'bout you?
ha
uhm, Ive been better.
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-not-in-this-gen-but-still1.jpg
Equestria's greatest mystery
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-its-going-down1.gif
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-faustception.jpg
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-next-time-ill-study.jpg
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-rarity-is-that-you2.jpg
DERPY! z3
<3
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-well-put-you-in-trances1.jpg
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-hey-listen-hey-listen-hey-listen1.jpg
spam much?
lol
eeeeeeeeeeeeyup
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-this-band-will-never-work1.jpg
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-spike-watches-it-for-the-plot1.jpg
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/pic/src/131591317481.png
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/pic/src/131591252006.gif
ok Decap....
you can stop now
morning
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/pic/src/131590053877.gif
you know thats how the movie really happened
well i'll be back later.
:D
rainbowdash saves
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-pop1.jpg
...usually hes back by now
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/pic/src/131589162098.png You now have Diabetes
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/pic/src/131588351185.gif
/me just watched Ticket Master in glorious 1080p quality
Cat: !
yo
whats uppp??
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/pic/src/131583925745.jpg
nowt, just woke up
it's 1pm and I'm still pretty tired
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/pic/src/131579035758.gif
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/pic/src/131577646129.jpg Have Fear
Hmmm
How do I connect via mIRC>
*?
season 2 Y U take so loooong
just a few days
a few days
D:
to season 2?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQhcU_LudZ4
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Offspring The Noose" - "Well our souls are all mistaken in the same misguided way We all end up forsaken, we&#39;re just choosing our own way The future now incinerates before our very ..."
http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/578083
http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/529588
brillian zoom into eyes for the space voice haha
'sup ponies
hai
me posting videos thats what
how's things?
fine
http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/578083
not for the cores though
"YES! WE KNOW! WE GET IT! SPACE! YOU! IN!"
it saddens me that i forgot my newgrounds log in
Ah, not using the same e-mail address?
http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/534242
no, i just forgot the password
anyone see the new red orchestra game?
nope.
Oh hello thar RobotPinkie
and why not use the "forgot login" feature?
ohay WhatPayne
i forgot which email adress i used >.< i have like 500 email adresses for everything
Aw, that sucks
but the faves, man!
http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/513733 Dat Captain Planet rage
is that the globa- YES IT IS i love that one =D
http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/562097
Sexual Lobster, one of my favorite people on newgrounds
Fuck it, putting Pinkie Pie as my FB pic...
not a ponysona?
Nope.
oh well
It's been Spider-Man for a year now
That's a load of frattata
lol what is?
'look it up'
:P
You being spiderman!
And you think it's dumb, I guess, Daz?
I haven't been Spider-Man, no, just my profile pic
http://music.is-amazing.com/sites/music.is-amazing.com/files/covers/aveng.jpg I'm this skeleton dude
i was quoting, RobotPinkie, and aniways Pinkie Pie best Pony. I was quoting from the vid DecapKing linked, in which 'that's a loda of fratatta. look it up.' is said.
lol okay
I'll frattata you
anybrony here ready for a lesson in Español?
nope
:I
i dont need to know spanish anymore
See, that's what happens when you form Captain Planet without the power of Heart.
So, can I ask you guys your honest opinion about something?
http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/335737
aww, but it'll be uploaded in 2 minutes... : /
It's time for the hernando show!
Does the world need another pony game project, or should I make it non-pony?
Describe the art style, music (if any) mechanics, story (if any). What's the game about?
I'm not big on story. I want to make a Metroidvania style game, though
!
try it out
I've got part of the resource handling done already, but that's just technical stuff.
guess who's recording and uploading MLP FiM Spanish Dubs to youtube :P It worked, and i can record (and even stream should I want to) television now. yay~
/me disengages lurking procedures, beware of what you say
Wrek, any news on part 7? also, so much this:
I like ponies, Wrek. Is that okay?
Part 5 - >NO THIS DOES NOT IMPLY SHIPPING. Part 6 - >Luna Hitting on Firewall.
did you notice that?
But yeah, I think I have the theoretical details down for how to make a Metroidvania style game with a pony protagonist...
well do one if you want to do one
Unicorn, Pegasus, or Earth Pony?
Unicorn. Magic will play into it a fair amount
Pegasus
05GGgala
A pony with a blaster of some sort would be weird
05and daz, ill tell you about pt7 once you begin playing
Heh, haven't played any vidya in like 3 months :P
05better git goin
05anyways, what did you think of pt6?
05and what did you think of me drawing? :3
hullo!
05hey mib_26pzvl
ohay anon
05May I ask you to reconnect to the chat with a desired username?
Dude, i saved that pic. from my phone. it was so good i had to have it, and couldn't wait to get home and save to pc :P
aha, okay, i was wondering why i couldn't /nick
/nick is disabled here due to possible spam
05yesh
much better!
05indeed
well, except for mods, who are, as has been proven countless times, the kinds and queens of spam ¬_¬ but ah well
05welcome to BMN
@pony The one who crossed the road
6 The one who crossed the road is 5A8ce
maybe i'll put it on youtoob
I think that would be pretty funny, Daz
05it would be silly
egads, I thought that was my skype
Is it out in 6 languages yet?
funny and silly? IMO it would be awesome, great way to practice multilingual skills :P
and nope RobotPinkie hence why i haven't made it yet :P
Oh okay, lawl
I'd like to see it
english spanish french italian only versions i've seen on youtube. well, no spanish, but i'm now recording and uploading, so 'dealerwealer' will be the spanish fim channel on youtube :3
Also much easier to just edit the audio tracks than video, too... though it sounds like it might take a while
ep 2 is uploading now, says 10 mins to go :P
Swedish versions of some eps are on Youtube, Daz
and RobotPinkie duh! i ain't spending a bazillion years with a bazillion vids! just 6 audio files and one vid. also, link plox to swedish? :3
(i'm adding to my 87GB of pony, all eps in all languages. gotta reach the 100GB pony mark ! )
g2g dinner b back in about 10 mins
Yeah that's what I'm saying, it's potentially an easier project to do because of that, and very fun
alright, I'll try to find the eps by then, Daz
05mfw im tired
>mfw me too
>aofw
>nmfw :P
05http://e621.net/data/18/5e/185e9f44440ce6040338efc3162c36aa.jpg
;) < my soon to be face.. just without the kissing motions and both of my eyes doing that
Daz: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qKi21KDSG9M http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0uJcmX8v-gg
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "My Little Pony: Vänskap är Magisk ep.3 Biljettballaden del 1" - "Svenska dubben av Friendship is Magic från en DVD såld i Finland."
unfortunately in two parts...
05i cant bear to watch that
05it just osunds
05wrong
05sounds*
>implyuing that'll be a problem. RobotPinkie is that channel where he uploads all the eps? or is it just some guy with just some ep?
oh its just ep 3
mate, ep 3 is out in like 7 odd languages cuz of DVD.
Just ep 3 for now :(
ah okay
whereas in spain y/day was ep 1, today ep 2, etc etc. and not on a pay channel! (which I don't have_
Not sure when someone will upload more
Morning everypony
I recorded this morn' and my face was all =D cuz ponies on TV!
morning AllisZero
RP, my SSL tunnel works!
vid is processing thou...cmon youtube
Nice, AllisZero!
What VNC server are you using?
I'm using xrdp as a bridge to vino on Ubuntu
I got it to work with a few tweaks
Cool
The only problem is the connection is slow as can be haha
That's unfortunate, but at least it works
Yep, no more company firewall snoopin' on me ponies
Yay ponies!
what?
i was playing the Warhammer 40k space marine demo o.o
Holy crap, so slow.
what is
I think there's gotta be something wrong with the proxy, or the VPN configuration
My SSL proxy, Decap
I'm probably getting 128kbps tops right now
Latency is also 1000 MS lul
oh wow
Scratch that, I'm getting 56kbps LOL
wait, so how many kB is that?
wow
I'm getting 60~ kbs on speedtest.net
I doubt it's the VPN itself, I'm getting 120ms pings back from my linux box
but that's bits and not bytes?
8 kilobits = 1 kilobyte
Right
So 60 kbps = 7.1-ish KB/s
8 on-off bits make a delicious OM NOM NOM :P
ahahahahahah
yeah, 56 would be 7
Hahaha oh wow
Ah, great
No SSH enabled :p
1234testing
10ohaaaai
05RainBroDash
ohai RBD! c:
10wasssuuup:3
hey RBD
whoops
hi
Hi!
how are you?
ohay RainBroDash
Soup barry, RBD
Hi, RBD
and ohay Barry
Yeah, doesn't look like it'll work this easily
ah, that's too bad... was hoping I could set up my own VNC server easily
Well, this IS going through WAN
It was working very well when I was within my local network at home
Yeah, I want to use it through WAN too, don't have a local network at home.
This might be the VPN client that's causing issues, or the Proxy software itself that's throttling how much I can use of the connection
We'll see, I might be able to try out my own on Thursday
On second thought, judging by how slow the RDP connection is even without going thru the proxy, everything is really slow
and your upload speed at home is decent?
Yep, usually 2-3Mb/s
So I know getting only 60kbs isn't normal
Yeah, that's definitely weird
CUTEY MARK CRUSADERS DUNGEON MASTERS!
YAY.
holy shit, space marine is fucking insane
http://forums.spacebattles.com/showpost.php?p=6549361&postcount=1069 <-- New chapter of My(stara's) Little Ponies: Friendship is Adventuring
thats the most dismemberment i have ever seen in a single fighting scene
Lol
Hmm, nothing here that says privoxy would throttle
yeah
much more here though
and dont get me started on the executions
Wow, damn
That Fluttershy ringtone wasn't bad
But the pinkie pie is abysmal
Brb relogging
05need to leave in 1 hour
AWW YEAH RP
what?
It's working now, I'm getting 3 Mb/s down, 800kb/s up!
for what?
My SSL proxy to a linux server I set up at home
Essentially encrypts and masks all my web traffic
i need to get that
Even Youtube loads well, woot
my max down speed when i torrent is like 2mb/s and 500kb/s
so now you can watch ponies without ANYONE knowing that you're a brony?
Why would you do that?
cause "no one must know my secret"
It's a secret?
for some people probably so but i'm just joking around
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-for-the-greater-cause1.jpg
you in trouble Meteor
dom dom daaa
Hi Everypony
ohay Rodman
hello
hey
Hi DecapKing
So, any of you know if the new stream service is working, or atleast ready for saturday?
Hi Rodman
Hi Barry
well that sucks
what?
the pizza I made feel off the tray as I was taking it out, and feel on the burner, caught on fire
fell*
that sucks, i had that happen once
whole house smells like burn cheese
I'll just still to microwave now
Well, that is plain old bad luck
time to head to accounting
well at least it wasn't a boiling pot of hot water this time
cya Freezeframe
see ya Freezeframe
hey sprinkles
ok time for burnt pizza
6Hey
didnt you say it caught on fire?
Rofl
yay, but I got it out and put out before to much damage was done
Pizza is pizza
only one side is burnt, I cut around it
oh hey SS
somehow i thought yall were talking about toast and i was wondering how you would cut around 1 side of it.. that would really make the bread thin.. i'm pretty tired
@pony Karkat
6 Karkat is 6R12A3I9N8B7O4W 11DASH
HAHAHA OH MY GOD
oh gawd
not asgain
what
Who's Karkat?
A character from a webcomic.
@pony Alliszero
6 Alliszero is 14Derp8y
So true
lol that worked out perfect
He is a grey alien and says fuck a lot.
@pony DecapKing
6 DecapKing is 10Sni5ps
lol
xD
@pony Discord
6 Discord is 7Mr Br15eezy
i knew it!
6Incoming mudfest...
@pony Turgle
6 Turgle is 12Spit8f7ire
6@pony Best pony
6 Best pony is 6Spik3e
6...LAWL
YAY
spitfire! <3
Does it always say that?
When you ask for the best pony?
spike is a pony?
6It's completely random.
Because that's happened a lot.
6@pony Best pony
6 Best pony is 8Flutter13shy
indeed
eeeeeeeeyup
Indeed.
I agree wholeheartedly
hey Sprinkles, this is Ghosties projgram right?
6It's dari's program.
@pony The pony who can't say AEIOU
6 The pony who can't say AEIOU is 14Derp8y
Wut?
ah
@pony An earth pony is
6 An earth pony is is 7Scoota6loo
Dari: Now out of lurk mode
SHE IS CLEARLY AN UNICORN
@pony Scootaloo's sister
6 Scootaloo's sister is 15Tw6i4st
well Scootaloo is missing her wings in alot of scenes
6Judging by how many times she doesn't have wings in comparison to how many times she does... Scoots could very well be qualified as an earth pony by now.
also, she can't fly
She's an alicorn then!
Wait.
Sea pony?
get those pictures yet Dari?
Everyone is derpy
@pony
12Bommster is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
NNNOOOO
Pontang: Did you want to speak to me?
I knew that Dari was derpy
@pony Scootaloo's sister
6 Scootaloo's sister is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zJWA3Vo6TU
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Party Rock Anthem-Kia Soul Hamster Commercial [HD]: Party Rock Anthem-LMFAO- MTV VMA&#39;s" - "First they drove. Then they rapped. Now they&#39;re dancing (to LMFAO&#39;s Party Rock Anthem). But they&#39;re not doing any old dance. They&#39;re shuffling. And they&#39;re d..."
nope.avi
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-not-in-this-gen-but-still1.jpg
cherilee is scootaloo's sister
wtf did u link Turgle?
the new kia commercial
epic
its a car comercial
trunk monkey is better
anyone else shocked at how Discord looks!?
Dari, when is there going to be a stream of something?
i approve of the new topic
MFW the topic Synros brings up after I just changed the room topic.
XP
lol
i didn't see the image
as I pushed enter you changed the topic
DecapKing: I dunno, I can't stream as DCD didn't give us the stream links. >_>
and i don't want to
damnit Dari
was anyone shocked that Fluttershy is a pegasus?
omg
also
Rainbow Dash has Nyan cat as a pet
Decap gets banned
nah
Dari knows how boring things would be
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-shell-make-the-team-one-day1.jpg
he'd just start asking me for pictures of me in drag
no
thats what he would ask SilverMane for
its a long story Decap
DecapKing: No, he owes me photos of him in drag.
^ there int he mail
yoyu'll get them as soon as Canada Post gets thier ass back to bussiness
Sounds good.
so maybe in a year or 2
you lost me at the word 'Canada"
that tends to happen
especially when the next words arent 'is where we can get beer'
dude.....thats offencive
isnt the drinking age there 17 though?
its, bacon ok,
remember that
19
fuck
:P
17 is mexico or something
well actually 18 year old in Alberta
you only had to be 10 in Russia to drink beer when they categorized it as a 'food stuff'
everywhere else is 19 or drinking, smoking, and lottery
but now they have it labeled as alcohol
6Oo When did our stream get an awesome BronyState watermark?
@pony
MFW no legal drinking age in the UK if on private property.
12Bommster is 7G5ild15a
LAME
;)
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/pokmon-whaaaat1.jpg WHAT HAVE THEY DONE TO POKEMON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
AND FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU DARI!
MFW my parents are fine with me having parties at the house
Win.
:P
SirSprinkles, since DCD did it a few days ago :]
@chickenmeter Scootaloo
6 Scootaloo is 26% chicken. (80)
well I wish I would have know that earlier Dari.
6@pony
12SirSprinkles is 11Photofin15ish
Lies.
LIES!
@pony
12DecapKing is 5A8ce
da magiks
ah hell
@pony
12Synros is 8Mr a7nd 11Mrs C13ake
mfw i dont know who ace is....
ohay peoples
6WE GO
da fuck
@pony
What the fuck?
12RobotPinkie is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
I'm 2 ponies?!?!
@pony Celestia secretly
6 Celestia secretly is 7Brae8burn
Why did they have to ruin Meowth?
:<
thats what I said
That's true. Well, I am Chief Thunderhooves, but so was my father before me.
I miss the good old days of the original pokemon.....
ah, back in my times
http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/b7d468e11724243aff9494b029acc280/57665%20-%20tag_your_own_shit.jpg
Meowth, that's right!
its Meowth a pokemon?
mfw I saw the episode where you learn Meowth's backstory
i saw it too
but in spanishness
>see dead rat on road
sex
>friend takes a picture
>puts it on facebook
>tags me in it
Lawl
XD
xD
trolol
ah
ah
ah
ah
Stayin' Alive
Yes, he is a Pokemon, not just some mascot for Team Rocket.
Stayin' Alive
Some of my friends really like to trololo me.
I did that to one of my friends but with a dead deer
Turgle.....
Hey RP, RP!
Someone's a pokemon?
Synros, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_izvAbhExY&ob=av3e
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Bee Gees - Stayin&#39; Alive [Version 1] (Video)" - "© 2007 WMG Stayin&#39; Alive [Version 1] (Video)"
Yes, AllisZero?
It's working :D
I just had to enable compression on the VPN and relog my machine
everyone know this is best song...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_7u3nhANa4&list=PLEAF113A0E08C456D&index=12
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Time Warp - The Rocky Horror Picture Show" - "** I DO NOT OWN THIS SONG ** Song from the Musical: The Rocky Horror Picture Show. Time Warp - Performed by Riff Raff (Richard O&#39;Brien), Magenta (Patricia Qu..."
http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/1a1a54a4387dbaaafa7a08eeedfce8d6/57628%20-%20Doctor_Whooves%20artist%3Aesuka%20derpy_hooves.png
LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!
Looks like something wasn't wrong with my PC here, not the Linux box or the VPN!
I mean, was wrong with the PC here*
DCD!
Oooh, nice AllisZero
NewDCD, what's the rtmp link and stream field for our current strem?
So that's a server side setting?
stream*
Nope, it was client side on the tunnel
dari
pm me
Cool
It's complicated to explain ,but I have this VM going through a connection that isn't our default at the office
Can't wait to try it out myself
discord is actually rainbow dash in disco mode
What latency are you getting now, AllisZero?
I'm getting around 300ms, but 3.5 down/800kb up
I decided to try the original F-Zero.
That's pretty good
MORE than enough to listen to songs on Youtube and browse EQD
Got to Sand Ocean before crashing
Latency is still kinda bad, but great transfer speeds
xrdp is doing a great job
VNC is as fast as you'd expect it to be
but vino doesn't work very well with Unity, it's better on Gnome
I saw Unity
Ah, that's too bad.
wait
Hi ValtheJean
Um, nevermind. Do not wait.
2,14 hello barry
ooooooookie doki loki
The transparency effects break it, RP
Ahhh. Know if you can turn off transparency?
or well, how bad does it break it?
Not sure, my PC there is kinda slow to run Unity, so I prefer Gnome for now
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brony <-- Huh
How bad? Hm, the screen doesn't refresh when you have a transparency effect
It's hardly usable :(
wikipedia is full of shit
Stream's up.
Let's all move there
2,14 hurray!
its a white screen!
Noo! Anything but the white screen!
Awwwww
Hm, stream isn't loading for me
bloop
Damn
PMVs?
Dari's on skype
Maybe?
Yes
Sorry about that
2,14 he can stream AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANYTHING
dat british accent
I spy Link
Jumping off a cliff
2,14 Link: Now in emo jumping of cliff style
Dari are you shooting this with a video camera?
Nope.
stream urself streaming urself streaming urself. Streamception
Synros.
oh it was in the video >.<
Bommster?
Will it have meowing?
Do you know Jefmajor, by any chance?
2,14 echo-ception
maybe
not that bad
Maybe.
XD
OH GOD
MY EARS
and echo inside an echo
2,14 trolololololo
O.o
EARRAPE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
your going to destroy your speakers XD
/me turns volume down.
2 hours later.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THE PAIN!
That was rape.
THE PAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIN!
hey Dari put that on repeat and go into town?
>.>
just liek the Twisuduce
I feel like my eyes were horrible penetrated by spiked phalouses
eeeeeyup
Ears, not eyes
Ah good, it ended.
dari, stream an LP from the youtubes
Ain't copyrighted material
whats there to stream thats not copywritten"
And many are entertaining
A Let's Play
I dunno, an LP from some game that is batshit crazy?
Guys, any suggestions?
Hmm
Is there a Dead Island lets play?
Bridge It
Lol
By Jefficorn
except without the ficorn
BTW, is the imageshack domain logo on the top-right of the stream appearing for everyone, or is it just me?
LIVE-READ A FIC!
2,14 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
DCD already did a reading of Jabberwocky
2,14 GOD DAMN IT NO!
Aw crap
Dem Clopfics
2,14 I was there for the first sentence, then raged
2,14 I left right around when...dear god I don't want to remember that
One doesnt simply walk out of Bronystate
When DAT SEXINESS happened
/me slowly backs away
2,14 I HAVE BURNED IT OUT OF MY MEMORY
/me hides behind RobotPinkie.
Good job Val, now Dari is looking for that part
/me sits back, legs crossed
This will be good
/me hides behind Synros
READ THE MAGNETO FIC!
what about clopfics?
XD
sounds like it
Awww man
Somebody trolled the magneto fic, hard
oh wow, you are the 10k visitor!
REALLY fishis
i do believe that
Your prize is die
IT WAS PAIN
THE mod
Something sinister about Dari's typing
Like he is looking for something to slaughter us all
clikkity
Uhh
Why am I missing this
HASS the mod...things
$1600 computer, y u no work right
wait
LOL
How quaint. >.>
=P
OH GOD!
Dari
Stream this
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bckPvC6BoMOSE2RuEcyq7607RwLKSryUx8Buv_2vVUw/edit?hl=en_US
Clusterfuck trolling taking palce
*place
what?
Hahahaha oh god
This is too funny
Why would you make a document editable by everyone is beyond me
It means tirac
meh, trains are ok
oh god that was fun to do RBRBRBRBBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBBR
From what I read
XD
anyone have an idea when Luna will be on?
Not sure where it came from
That's the most horrible piece of writing I've ever laid my eyes upon
<3 comics sans
also: google doc fail
2,14 god damn it....
2,14 aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand mute
be back in a bit, going to do sum shopping, all we got is milk and haft a burnt pizza
Oh the maturity of the internet
HOW DID YOU LIKE MY UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU?
my bad at the caps
you gotta love the internet
rick roll!
NEVER G-MAJOR!
how many other people here went and trolled that hard?
*raises hand*
Seriously though, what kind of moron leaves a file open for everyone to edit?
The kind that will never do that again
For srs
Again though I'm glad it happened
Whoever was writing that was bad. Real bad.
connection to google docs fail.
bah
I luv the title they gave it
"WHEN NU PRON?"
i wrote it xD
oh that was fun
why didnt you read what i wrote?
I am the asshole who spammed Balls of steel
i spammed UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
ACCESS DENIED!
xD
DARI, ACCESS DENIED!
WE'VE BEEN BANNNNNNNED!
*ding*
ACCESS DENIED!
xD
YOU ARE WELCOME!
owned admin
dari, provide entertainment
yep
uhm
Oh God
OH GOD!
2,14 sock puppets
Sing pony songs
THE IDIOT LEFT IT OPEN FOR EDITING AGAIN!
SOCK PUPPETS
2,14 oh oh! I know I know!
get some strippers
2,14 check your skype >:D
pfffft
Oh wait, he didn't
then go to a strip club
Dari, now properly read the clop fic
2,14 god damn it
so wait...we can't stream copyrighted material...how the hell are we going to do BMN?
Play MLP with censor bleeps part 2?
2,14 As DCD promised me: pony sock puppets re-inacting the first season
Okay, I caved in under the pressure.... Just checked that season 2 clip with Discord.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yNoeEqIcQw
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "My Little Pony with CENSOR BLEEPS PART 2 friendship is magic" - "(bleep) apples yo haven&#39;t posted a pony video in almost a MONTH DAWG. edit 8-12-11 So anything I make and post on youtube that gets like over 10,000 views ma..."
Shoo be doo, shoo shoo be doo
That made me actually way more exited of season 2 now. :/
If only Luna was here.
2,14 :P
ahahahhahaha
Lag?
FUCKING LAG!
2,14 it's just your computer rodman
2,14 no lag on my end
D:
its always the quiet ones.....
Dammit
I hate this connection
I think the first one was funnier.
fluttershy!
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP
Lol
No lag here
i think i stepped in s*t
they should make an avatar but without blue people and ponies instead
2,14 Rarity makes the best murderer :P
Wingboner
Whatcha guys watching?
streaming
:]
Something odd
Where?
bronystate.net
FUCK YEAH!
rainbowdash <3
Dat ending
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B36BXid7iQ0
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Vicious Cycle of 2fort" - "Be sure to have annotations on! How many times can YOU watch this vicious cycle? -- Music Used -- Rabbids Go Home - Bãtutã din Moldova"
spike, take a s*t please
Oh damn Noscript!
What the..
2,14 god I hate these gmod videos
wtf?
O_o
Same here...
thanks xD
inb4 people request more gmod videos
That was quite the surreal experience
6...what. The... hell.
Well I like the Freemans mind
MFW there was one really good gmod pony video
Anyone remember what it was called?
2,14 probably by Machinima or something
^ Nope
And the Civil Protection
2,14 as they, you know, try to make actual videos
It was for an EQD contest or something.
2,14 as opposed to still frames of retarded poses/facial rigs
ValtheJean, can you use a brighter text background?
i can't read what you are writing xD
0,2 you mean like this? trololololo
better xD
2,0 well we can't have you enjoying it
Ok, here's something everybody should love
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IshpCVb-hg8
Dr Who, The Master, mad song
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Doctor Who- The Master &quot;I Can&#39;t Decide&quot;" - "I have seen lots of these &quot;Master&quot; vids on youtube and figured I would add my own version of this from the last three episodes from the third series and the ..."
You know thats even better right?
2,2 screw you
Watch this one.
It's really good.
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
2,14 god damn it dari
yay Dari is trolling!
AHHAHAHAHAH
dat squee
Dat Dark Cloud
Dark Cloud 2?
2,14 those gmod ponies freak me the fuck out
i find them funn
*funny
Play this next. Its weird http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GNnftq744I
Lol
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Spy &amp; Pyro" - "Team Fortress 2 spoofed by Andrew Kepple http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/tmst/"
Nah man, play this
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IshpCVb-hg8
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Doctor Who- The Master &quot;I Can&#39;t Decide&quot;" - "I have seen lots of these &quot;Master&quot; vids on youtube and figured I would add my own version of this from the last three episodes from the third series and the ..."
I don't want to show that in case of spoilers for where we are in Doctor who Rodman. :P
Lol, he cant decide?
Awwwww
pitty
Dat Applejack
Oh well
appajack
dat squee
DAT TELEPORTING HAT!
squee
LOL
THE TONGUE
HAHAHAHA
That's so good. XD
I've got the new MLP episode set to record in case I miss the live broadcast
Derp!
DERPY!
DERP!
<3
ValtheJean: This is REALLY good, especially in comparison with just about every other video in this 47 video playlist.
2,14 it's still shit :P
inb4 dari plays every other video in this 47 video playlist
He is compelled to play http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GNnftq744I next
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Spy &amp; Pyro" - "Team Fortress 2 spoofed by Andrew Kepple http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/tmst/"
=P
How about some more Ordinary Swedish Meal Time?
Why is quality so low?
squee
quality is low?
dat fluttershy minigun
^
Rarity and the blue Spy are plotting your demise
Well Imma be leaving guys
Later
Oh gawd
NOOOOOOOOOO
2,14 dear god....why wont it end?
Will there be cupcakes?
NO
DERPY!
WHY
hey VioletVanilla
hey VioletVanilla
ohay VioletVanilla
2,14 ohai violet
/me is ohai'd into oblivion~
6Hallo everypony~ :3
Hello Violet
/me ponypounces into oblivion
squee
Hey Violet
there is something wrong about Fluttershy having that kind of gun.
Pinkie Pie has arrived, this round is over
2,14 these videos make me deeply concerned for the human race
Or not
Not Fluttershy!
fluttershy!
why
6What videos? o:
streaming
2,14 dari be streaming...ung
Lets see you make a better one Valthejean
It doesn't concern me in the least what people put together in GMod
2,14 happily rainbow_dash, happily
even if it's crap, who cares?
mmm, Sammich
Lulz, Pinkie.
lol xD
AND DERPY?
she didn't save derpy
and everypony came?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-GNnftq744I
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Spy &amp; Pyro" - "Team Fortress 2 spoofed by Andrew Kepple http://www.albinoblacksheep.com/tmst/"
Val might like that
=P
2,14 a polished turd is a turd nontheless
POOTISPOOTISPOOTISPOOTIS!
2,14 I am aware of their "standards" dari
I am aware of Internet traditions.
We done with 2Fort yet?
Minecraft music?
DAT MINECRAFT MUSIC!
oh fuck, I forgot that minecraft prerelease 2 is out...
6Dat monekraft. . .
2,14 what the fuck dari...
Why this looks horrible
YES
2,14 just...what the fuck...
I told you Val.
I haven't seen enough examples yet
We're just not streaming anything copyrighted until S2.
spaaace
So as not to draw suspicion.
fair enough I gues
guess*
Wait. The actor for Mario in the Super Mario Brothers Super Show was a professional wrestler?
The Captain?
Yes he was
Wow...
THE FUCK IS THIS SHIT?
6There will be cupcakes D:
WOW, this one is terrible
Make it stop
terrible
dat camera work
director of photography: derpy
This is so bad
Dari, put some brain bleach please
6Dat green cloud~
Like the Approaching Dash/Twilight vids
Wait, I'm confused! First off, is it Dinkypage.com/bronystate where the live stream of Season 2, Episode 1 will happen? Or is will it be on Bronystate.net?
i suggest a Poni the anthology
2,14 bronystate.net
6Bronystate.net~
Ah. Thank you. Secondly, why is everyone acting so agitated?
now?
2,14 ?
Yes.
because of the current streaming
Oh.
Lolwut
Yes....
Dat Spyro the Dragon.
Dat Spyro
and by that I mean that I'm currently contemplating jumping off a tall building
xD
XD
DAT FACE
Wait a minute; is the stream of FiM S2 going to be fed to us directly from the channel, or is someone going to be looking at a TV with a camera?
2,14 fed directly
2,14 our streamer has a capture card
Oh, good. I was worried. Alright, thank you!
we are pro
Ita vero, me amici.
?
It'll be animated in real time directly from studio B
:o
awesome
What's with the question mark, Turgle?
Oh, is it because of the Latin?
nm
6Dari is sad. . .
So much sad
Hm?
So how close are you to snapping, ValtheJean?
6Dari ccan not the sad Dash~
2,14 dunno, I muted the stream a while ago
I'm not watching it.
Whats the name of this video?
Stuff to do. :/
SIC SEMPER TYRANNIS!
lawl
Your not?
"Garrys Mod - Longing"
6Awwww. . .
Hm. Quite a peculiar vid. What's going on?
Good gravy Dari
6): APPLEDASH
Now I'm sad
Thanks Dari
What's going on is that I'm playing Minecraft...
THIS makes you sad?
Lawl.
@sadmeter Dari
6 Dari is 58% sad. (81)
6RAINBRODASH!!
*ding*
wat?
/me 10waves at Violet :3
/me ponypounces RainBroDash
ohay RainBroDash
That is a Spy-rape-face if I've ever seen one
Ive seen enough anime to know where this is going
10ohaaai Robotpinkie
To add users, try /cs help flags
It's a neat little command
Now THIS is a worthwhile vid!
I doubt that any GMod vids are that unmissable...
6Dat face D:
Alright! This is awesome!
She must be using that Equestrian Innovations stuff to hold the knife.
I'd go on and tell your client users to go on and join. We'll get mibbit straightened out soon.
Dat Joker
Wow. Rarity + Temper Loss + Weapon = Dead Ponies/People.
Can't really tell them to join before mibbit's sorted.
I suppose so
It's being set up right now I believe.
BUT WHAT ABOUT THE SENTRY?!?!
o.o
O_o
10^
10dat zelda
10this video is changing my life in so many ways
This is the best youtube vid ever
Everybody, GG
Stop making vis
*vids
Dari just found the one to win the internet
Hay gusy
What the hell are we watching?
Hm? What's the vid?
OH SHI-
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qGTjIcVDAU&feature=relmfu
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "They&#39;re Out There, Man! UFO Guy remixed" - "I don&#39;t believe in UFOs, but this guy makes me want to. Apparently confusing Area 51 with Air Force 1, a man in a Chicago airport details his plans to visit ..."
The ending of this one is awesome.
After the credits.
Here we go.
There is no end to it.
Going to my ps3 and taking my keyboard with me. Lol
2,14 and now my internet be derping...joy
i do detest calling at&t
took an hour this time which is alright. but on average it's like 5 horus for anything ;-;
2,14 is anyone else getting big stream lag? or is it just my internet dying?
dem sound effects
6These vids... are so bad...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0qGTjIcVDAU
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "They&#39;re Out There, Man! UFO Guy remixed" - "I don&#39;t believe in UFOs, but this guy makes me want to. Apparently confusing Area 51 with Air Force 1, a man in a Chicago airport details his plans to visit ..."
they're out there, man O-O
6,0D: Internet derp? ._.;;
>randomly decide to go on brony state
>see episode playing
>everything went better than expected
wait no, this is horrifying
when does slendermane show up?
lol
what is this?
nightmare house
Derpy is Nightmare Moon?
wtf am I watching
Still not as creepy as the ocean hotel in Vampire the Masquerade.
^ oh god
2,14 that was a beautiful game
2,14 he's coming....
i went in thinking I was a badass vampire
left crying
2,14 lol
That section was /so awesome/
2,14 it's a shame they didn't have any others like that
Granted, it's not nearly as scary in repeat playthroughs.
2,14 well yeah, that goes for any "horror" game or movie
2,14 but your first playthrough of it is magical
the generator room part freaked me out the most
oh and the whole "turn around and then SUDDENLY GHOST"
2,14 I liked the part where you're locked in the room
2,14 and you have to break away the wall
it was great having vampire bender to talk to
the anarchs were my favorite part of the game
Playing a Malk in that game is hilarious.
2,14 eeyup
Damsel is my waifu
not really though
2,14 these videos are beginning to agitate me
some people on gary's mod have a lot of time on their hands
Wait, the stream is still doing the gmod ponies?
2,14 eeyup
......
The heavy always struck me as more of the brony type
not so much demoman
that fluttershy is a spy!
Inconceivable!
heeeeeeeey ppl
2,14 god...this makes me want to stab out my eyes
See, that's why I turned off my stream window.
/me dies of dysentary
Hi, I'm on mibbit
2,14 and dari isn't even around to enjoy the misery he's causing :P
/me listens to some Polka is Magic
Dari started a playlist of these GMOD videos
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYf64O-tsy4#start=0:00;end=1:23;autoreplay=true;showoptions=false
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "My Little Pony - Polka is Magic" - "This is what I envisioned when I thought of My Little Pony, Friendship is Magic and Spazzmatica Polka. Basically, it&#39;s one and a half minute of showing off t..."
VampirePrincess
Cat!?
ANYONE!?!?!
meow
lol sry wasnt payin attention. lol
what?
not a lot, just enjoying my time alone
till I have to run errands for my folks
wtf?
fuuuuuuuuuuuuun
mine dont ask me to cuz i dont drive. :)
Back!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AX5R8owbYeE
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Pinkazoid!" - "Freakazoid! is the greatest cartoon ever."
lol, brat
ah u know u love me. :)
These videos still going?
/me checks
Yup
yeah, but that does not change the fact that you are a brat :)
lolol
at least i admit i'm spoiled
/me gives VampirePrincess a box of delicious kittens
/me steals one and cuddles it
/me cuddles cute kittens with adorableness
@pony
12RobotPinkie is 9App3le 8Fritter
Ohwow....
2,14 lol, you're lucky rainbrodash left
Lolo
2,14 otherwise he'd murder you
@pony
12Rainbow_Dash is 4Apple 8Bumpkin
or maybe he would do something else to me :O
Such a shame
2,14 welp, I'm gona head to class. Later everypony
ty cat
good luck, Val
oh, too late
@deadmeter Chat
6 Chat is 36% dead. (83)
Oh, that's good news.
The chat is dead. Long live the chat.
So, showing Thundercats?
...dang.
XHAT YOU TEARIN ME APART
so... still GMod on stream, I guess
lolwut
@pony The only pony to also be a Pokemon
6 The only pony to also be a Pokemon is 7Mr Br15eezy
well, I can't explain that
rawr back
Hi VampirePrincess
/me hugs back
Ponygon?
:)
Giving people seizures through their sugary cuteness
How's you?
okies.
cat gave me kittens. :)
@deadmeter Brony State mane chat
6 Brony State mane chat is 34% dead. (84)
@pony Ponygon
6 Ponygon is 11Photofin15ish
@pony Porygon
6 Porygon is 10Sni5ps
is this playlist on repeat?
No idea, haven't been watching it for a long time.
*sigh* Still on the gary's mod stuff?
o.o
I'm here
I'm aliiiive
I can't even access it from here.
Welcome back to the land of the living!
The stream, that is
Now pick up a shovel and start digging!
I AM A DWARF AND IM DIGGING A HOLE!
confound these ponies, they drive me to draw
6DIGGY DIGGY
SOFN
confound those ponies, they drive me to write.
Man, Yognauts are everywhere...
Confound these ponies, they drive me to crappy pixel art
I AM A DWARF AND IM DIGGING A HOLE!
DIGGY DIGGY HOLE! I'M DIGGING A HOLE!
damn, I haven't played in a long time...
one piece of coal is good for 8 items in the oven, right?
idk
o.o
What game?
Minecraft.
Damn, loving the glass panes.
Ahh I se
e
I finally gave up and read Spiderses
I think my brain fled to Tijuana to get drunk on cheap Tequila
I listened to one of the dramatic readings instead
blargh, fire alarms
lol
brrrrrrg brrrrrrrrrrrrg
mine was faulty and wouldnt stop
D:
yikes. annoying.
I mean, I like some troll/spam fics (like RD's father being Takei), but that was....
I think my big problem with it is how long it is.
It's not very long at all
Not compared to Fallout: Equestria maybe
but for a one note joke, it goes on way too long
Seriously, a good troll fic is "DOOM: Repercussions of Evil"
windows 8 developer builds will be hitting the torrents tonight.
?
Skittles is my favorite spamfic, though.
haven't read that
/me has resurrected
Guess I'll have to, now :P
ohay Wrek
05ohai
Here you go: http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/07/story-skittles.html
Thanks. I'll have to wait a bit with reading it, still got too much to go through in the Physics book
For anyone who hasn't read Repercussions of Evil: http://cdn2.knowyourmeme.com/i/000/096/878/original/and_then_john_was_a_zombie0.png
LOL
IKR?
Five's Company is also awesome.
So much I haven't read :(
OOOH!
I can't wait to see what it looks like
how do you know it will be hitting torrents tonight?
MFW I can't connect to the regular chat and have to go through mibbit
brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
lol that one looks good from the prereader comments
/me snuggles VampirePrincess to keep her warm
Five's Company is one of the "RD ships with everypony" parodies
oh lol
Is the other one also about shipping?
It's got a bit of implied shipping, for the comedy
/me is also snuggling with her cookie on a diff site. :) but still.... they keep this building icy
Crap, I need to go an partition my netbook HDD a third time
wait, unless it will require a disc?
huh?
Windows 8 hon
I need to prepare
ohhhhhhh. :| comp tlk.
sorry
actually, I will clean my room first
lol, hey i need to do tht too! lolol
Well, I guess for parody purposes, I approve
lol, wanna help with mine? you can tackle the closet while I handle the bookshelf area
lol, um, i'm no good with closets.... mine used to avalnche when i opened the door. took me yrs to clean it.
i'm a procrastinator
oh, mine is really just messy in one corner, and on the shelves
then u really dont got much to do. lol
but but but I am lazy!
lol, turn on some upbeat music and dance as u clean.
hell, I have a crapload of food wrappers and boxes
how the hell do I not weigh 300 pounds!?
lol, fast motabolism?
@chatmeter Dead
6 Dead is 65% chat. (87)
I guess
I am sure work helps
I lift things
yeah tht helps burn lottsa calories and stuff
its dead jim
It's life, Jim, but not as we know it
Damnit Jim, i'm a doctor not a pony
So I trust all of you are not connecting thought Mibbit.
im from XChat
/me goes to connect through mibbit
Why not mibbit, Sumica?
crap, I am boned if the FBI ever come knocking, I have 5 cellphones in various states of breakdown
Heh
Cause the error I get when trying to connect via mibbit
( tear apart old phones we don't use, see what they look like on the inside)
Bye GGgala!
....
oui
Ah okay
I don't even know which server we're on right now, it's been switching back and forth so much
We're on bronychat. It says so up top for me.
irc.bronychat.net? .com?
go mirc or go home
.net
lolmirc, yeah sure
pure irc'ing for pure purists
/me slaps RobotPinkie around a bit with a large trout
wait GGgala was banned unfairly I think
/me uses mirc
It was an honest mistake on his part
Yeah, and if you're not on Windows...
yeah tryed that. it seems to suffer from disco's every 10 min so no.
/me slaps Dashite
/me slaps RobotPinkie around with a bit of a large trout!
/me slaps RobotPinkie around a bit with a large trout
You can use mIRC all you like, I'm not knocking it.
It's not the be all and end all of IRC clients, though.
See, I'm a total sap, so I love shipfics
I'm using colloquy
/me doesn't really care about which client people use. Just likes slapping people with a large trout
/me slaps Sumica around a bit with a large trout
/me slaps Wrek around a bit with a large trout
why am i drawing ponies while listening to black metal
I'm on a copy of mIRC I paid for.
one of those has to go
Not if you're drawing the CMC in their outfits from the talent show
If one has to go, clearly it's the black metal.
no it's applejack with a derpy face
I don't mind the combination of metal and ponies, though.
the derpyness was unintended but we're fucking rolling with it
Well, Derpy was also unintended, so that's strangely fitting
so that kind of a title for a story with grimdark tag?
I could guess, but I won't... :P
Do not want...
bbs
kk
g2g peeps bbtomorrow
@alivemeter Chat
6 Chat is 49% alive. (88)
/me pokes chat with a stick
HI
I'm here, yet I'm not
I'm only half here anyway.
@heremeter RobotPinkie
6 RobotPinkie is 31% here. (89)
"If you're not part of the solution, you are part of the precipitate."
@afkmeter #bronystate
6 #bronystate is 59% afk. (90)
@ponymeter
6 You are 72% pony. (91)
I'm working on it.
@ponymeter
6 You are 28% pony. (92)
Weak
sauce
@ponymeter
6 You are 62% pony. (93)
scientific
/me is back
Orly
@ponymeter
6 You are 3% pony. (94)
Derp
Yup.
How can that be right? I must of done something to screw up my DNA
:o
Maybe someone else has been using your keyboard? :O
Potentially...
Good evening.
or afternoon, whichever.
Almost time to go home and I only got a single thing done all day at work :|
Got rid of the 30 pounds of random paper printouts my boss left when he got fired
Well, at least that something
Rawr
Mixed, of course, with invoices, signed purchase orders, and other important things I need to keep
So I had to go through everything :P
ohay Silverscreen
The bad thing is I mentioned my VPN tunnel to my assistant, so now he knows I'm up to no good haha
and ouch, that's kind of a pain
Allo, Aloo
Allo*
aloooo
thanks
Hey
im downloading MLP from youtube
in HD 1080
but i can't find the episode 2 in true 180p
i can only download a 1440 x 1080 video D:
it should be 1920 x 1080
it's just a 720p video boxed in a 1080 >:C
I had the same problem got 1440x1080, but also with black bars above and below..
:I
had to download a torrent
do you have a torrent for 1080p?
I just googled "friendship is magic 1080p torrent"
Pretty sure it was the first result I used
btjunkie => blocked here in italy
gotta use TOR
hi.
ahhh
No idea then, I'm guessing The Pirate Bay has it.
wait, is it against the rules to talk about torrenting stuff?
The Pirate Bay => blocked here in italy
xD
lol I'm guessing not
ohwow... Italy blocks all torrent sites?
eeeeeeyup
thanks to our beloved prime minister
ahh, Mr Berlusconi
pfffffft
THE idiot
Well, he's a crook, that's for sure...
thanks god next year i'll move abroad
Cool, where are you moving?
I mean Italy is a nice country, but I could understand not wanting to live there. :P
probably Norwich in the UK
^
it's good if you are a tourist
I <3 the UK
yay me too :3
Sigh, this is gonna be a huge problem. I can't for the love of me get the Trunking to work on this switch
OH
SHIT
I did bring the entire company network down but it works!
trunking?
Eyup
lol I hope you brought it back up again
Looks like I was doing it wrong it seems
Yeah that kind of stuff is beyond me.
I was never taught much of the advanced networking that we actually use in the real world at school
So I'm learning as I go
I can imagine, very little of what I learned in programming class has been useful in real life.
same here
but i currently use assembly xD
I'm not exactly allergic to low level, but I much prefer high level languages
...until something needs optimized
^
Eyup
I am return
if you use PICs you know why use asm
Look at that, it broke again
stream down?
ohay Ziltoid
*why i use asm
stream down, yessir
hey rb
oh lol, microcontrollers
My problem with assclowning with this is that the internet isn't the biggest of my concerns, but the same switch I'm dicking around with takes care of my ISCSI traffic to and from my server
Yeah, I do understand why you'd use ASM :P
:)
So if I break something in this switch, my files can go kaboom
Well, not really because it's not a glass cannon
But I don't want to reconfigure my virtual server
It could mess things up quite a bit though
Yep
But I know what it is now, it was working fine when my first interface was set for trunking
By itself it went from trunking to static access
So how I can't access it
now*
but you know how to fix it?
oh boy here we go
Yup
Well alright, this will take more time
Going home, see you guys in a few
later, AllisZero
later!
err, I need to learn to empty my recycle bin more often
101 gigs
and here I was wondering why I only had 20 gigs left
Is it normal for EqD to hit 10M page views in... a month or something like that?
30M was on August 21st, today is September 13th and they are at 39.3M
the Brony community is growing really fast :D
season 2 hype imo
:P
Likely both, I think.
EQD has something like 192k page views per day
EqD has been online for how long?
i don't know
it's baffling how much content there is for them to link to
yes
o_o
sure mostly its fics
but still
posts go as far as may 2011
still looking for something older
pretty sure there's january 2011 posts too
Yeah, though also maybe 4-5 comic pages every day, all that pony music, the drawfriend stuff...
yeah
its a LOT of stuff
and yeah, it launched in January... though I wasn't a brony at that time. :P
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/01/news-blog.html
This is likely the oldest post
January 19th
wow
i discovered MLP in June
xD
So that makes EqD 237 days old
and almost 40M page views
Same here, or well that's when I "joined the herd" anyway
They have aprox. 39.31M pageviews atm
That makes for aprox. 6911 pageviews per hour
since the creation
However, taking it from August 21st(30M) to today
And it was probably very much lower for the first couple of months...
From the 30M to today
aprox. 16866 pageviews per hour
which is 2.44x more
yeah, I'd say there was an improvement
lol :D
^
totally related bot
heh
Goddamn those creepers scare the bejeezus out of me still
wat
Hello again
lol Minecraft
xD
ohay Barry
creepers
oh right
never played it
almost blew up my entire shelter...
<BOPM> DNSBL -> pmkubaoh!OAXOLW@199.48.147.38 appears in BL zone rbl.efnet.org (TOR exit server) <<<<<< good to know that bopm is still working good
yeah
readying my netbook for Windows 8
cool
Oh wow
How many years has it been since I've used an IRC Client?
yeah, though I still have many hours before it is available for download (will be available tonight,but I am gonna give it some extra time to let the servers cool down
Guys?
Guuuuys?
hi
:P
lol
I felt the same way
Alright just making sure. Been a long time since I've had an actual irc client.
hahaha
xD
lolz
back in the good old days of BitchX
I'm buying a laptop
Or at least I think I am
specs?
Thinking of the Y470 from Lenovo - i7 quad-core Sandy Bridge, 8 gigs of Ram, Nvidia 550M
About 5 pounds
woah
The screen leaves a lot to be desired sadly, only 1366x768
I have no idea how much a pound is
but the computer seems great
Around 2 pounds in a kilogram
1lb = 2.2kg
oh
so it is similar to mine
Or rather the other way around
except the specs are much better
:P
1lb = 454 grams or so
Does the Y series have a trackpoint?
Not sure, but I don't care for it
aw, that's my current resolution, you mean meaniepants :(
If it does I'll disable it
mine too
I think it is great
>_>
for a laptop
lol
So, I'm looking at Fluttershy Gets a Papercut
more than that, and the laptop is too big ;x
You people and your lack of appreciation for track point...
My reaction is.... Wut.
Well I'm saying if you compare the screens on other models of the same class, they all have 1600x900 and higher
what is it?
lol I read it since it was so short, FreezeFrame... even though it's against my principles :P
and grimdark? wat?
16:9 needs to die when it comes to laptops.
^wut
Well, can't really help it nowadays
Aspect ratio. 1366x768, 1600x900, 1920x1080
Most screens are going the way of 16:9 instead of 16:10
I know what it is
prefer 16:10, or do you mean you want 4:3?
but why does it need to die?
Because there is little enough vertical screen real estate on laptops as it is and downgrading to 16:9 cuts back on that even more.
I have to agree with Dashite
On desktops, you can always upsize, use portrait mode or add another monitor. You can't do that with a laptop and still keep it portable.
Hmm, color-wise this client isn't great is it
What client are you using?
ChatZilla as an addon to Firefox =p
i never installed chatzilla
Liiitle better now but still names aren't being highlighted as they do on bronystate
xchat?
Oh wow, this other Lenovo model has a blu-ray burner
Ugh that aspect thing reminds me. Why the hell some movies come in that 4:3 Pan&Scan ratio that cuts off sides of the movie?
I mean who would want to watch movie that has sides missing?
Because people wanted fullscreen movies for their 4:3 CRT TVs.
...
LOL
But thats dumb
But that's the consumer public.
And the other thing is that they advertise the Widescreen as "special feature"
Argh, this is challenging.
It's a VERY nice laptop for the price, but I'm not sure I need all of it.
and that's why Blu Ray is better than DVD...
...though they still cut the sides sometimes to fit 16:9
which drives me cupcakes
That has nothing to do with BR vs DVD. O.o
Well hopefully in future with widescreen tv's that trend dies away.
We still have black bars. :(
Eh? Name one Blu Ray which is in 4:3
...and shouldn't be :P
Name a major DVD that is only in 4:3
The Star Wars box set!
No major ones are only in 4:3 anymore, I don't think.
/me trolololol
Nothing makes me more angry than accidentally buying movie that is 4:3 aspect. (At least back in VHS days)
People in mibbit can't connect at all I don't think.
ohai
Some minor releases are still available only in 4:3
what
so I guess adding the mibbit password didn't work
Luckily these days the 4:3 is no longer de facto standard
"chat Closing Link: [109.169.29.95] (CGI:IRC -- Invalid password)"
Adding the mibbit password?
are you serious
I think they added the wrong password
at mibbit
Ahh.
lemme try something
Oh hey, Wing Commander 3 is on GOG
But somewhy the TV's in my country still show the 4:3 movies.
Imported Non ho Sonno from the US so I could get it in 24fps... only 4:3 :(
They do the same on TV here, at least in SD. The HD channels are all in widescreen.
Every time they would air any James Bond movie it's the cut off version.
Hmm.
Windows 8 is coming out?
Mibbit works here now it seems.
That sucks :(
I just tested mibbit.
Yeah.
Yeah it does
Is that a server OS or a personal OS
Anybody hoooooome hoooome hoooomeee hommmeee
But Awesomeshy probably gave them the bronychat one too.
:I
Ah.
That's when you try to connect irc.ponychat.net
Personal
irc.bronychat.net gives the error.
and it is not coming out, technically
Well
but the developer build version is
irc.bronychat.net: Closing Link: [207.192.75.252] (CGI:IRC -- Invalid password)
tell me if that worked
what
it's still
so it is only a matter of time befoe the full version is ready for purchase
yeah they have the password wrong at mibbit
of course, Blu Ray really has more appeal to Europeans in some ways
=I
And it's the kind of cut off where the first few minutes are in widesceen and you think "oh good, proper aspect this time" but then at the credit sequence it's like "nope back to 4:3"
really? xD
"purchase"
I'll just replace the right one with the wrong one
goodnight fellows it's time for me to sleep
>yfw I know the wrong password
Oh wait.
bye!
uh
It's working now.
DVDs are sped up by 4% here
r u srs
cya
night MeteorVenture
i'm starting to watch Usagi Drop!
;x
ah i see
yes
Sorry for the trouble
Let me check the mibbit embed on our site - see if that works too.
Oh yeah the PAL NTSC conversion speeding up...
Dev build is free, if I read right
i'll ask about it later lol
Latitude E6520 Core i5-2520M 15.6" 1600x900 Laptop (NVIDIA NVS 420M) $607
bye!
also keep the embedd at bronychat.net
cya:D
Oh shit, $607? I'm gonna buy like 4 at work
we're not exactly done here yet
but you can bet the finished product of Windows 8 will follow the same pricing scheme as windows 7
Some of them work.
Doesn't bug all people, but in many movies they don't do pitch correction
Night MeteorVenture
Others do not.
Hmm
and that just drives me crazy :P
Ahh.
That's annoying.
Awesomeshy: why exactly did you give them bronychat.net too? Seems a bit silly.
Will there be a huge difference between Dev build and the final prouduct?
I'll probably just do a Virtual boot
You only notice the speeding up if you do like first watch the version from say online, and later see the movie in tv/dvd and think "why it feels like they go slightly faster?"
because we're going to be changing it to work with ponychat
and I was half thinking
And then you realize
:(
I'm not proud of what I did
I'm not denying it either
So when's this going to be fixed?
Why won't mibbit let me in? :(
Because none of our mibbit users (most of them) can join. :/
bad mibbit!
again, pitch. The speed difference is negligible in most movies
Because our network admins derped the CGI IRC block.
is it working now?
It keeps yelling at me about some kind of bad password.
Oh.
:/
Well, at least I have mIRC.
Hiya Val
Kabaka: about that
2,14 hello
when should we be done
Aye, I had to install Chatzilla myself
Awesomeshy: see #opers
whoa
this is probably why tonight we have only 25 users
what happened to the chat before
Probably.
oh lol
That explains a lot
i was trying to log in before
IRC client strikes again
oh irc was on the fritz?
yep
RobotPinkie the pitch change is only problematic when you listen the movie's TV series music soundtrack
ChatZilla=BestZilla
Sure, that doesn't mean it's a good thing, WhatPayne
where's the real pinkie?
i want some huggin'
No, still not working.
No it's not because the music is pitch higher
also
who was streaming before?
i saw some pony tf2 crap going on
dari
?
what kinda nonsense was that?
LOL
And pitch change in music is much more noticeable than in speech
suggested playlist
Oh, I guess looking at retail stores is a bad idea since I need to finance this shit
I just prefer not having that distortion, even if it's unnoticeable in some cases
who suggested it?
just to troll some ops
2,14 dari? you're still online bro?
jeez
He is, indeed
Yeah.
(wow, i have 10s lag)
2,14 you're such a trooper dari :P
but every silly technical issue in movies will be solved once we all move to completely digital distribution
I hope
Blu Ray and DVD work for now. I have no problems importing movies :P
alright
how about now
sorry, again
Once we get things like region locks away and localizations to all DVD's/Blu-Rays then things will be peachy
this is completely my fault and I apologize
Well, can't be helped now, so it doesn't matter.
myeah, I'm really not liking the region lock on Blu Ray
That's what I hope
Eh, I'd love to see that happen but it'll never happen so long as humans exist
It's still not working.
ValtheJean, this is why i hate your background text color
http://i.imgur.com/3vQgg.png
Hmm
2,14 why is my text highlighted?
"We must punish these hackers"
It opened the channel, but shows no users/topic/anything.
And the connection hasn't shown up for me when I check mIRC.
O_o
because i can't read the text if i don't highlight it
So people on proper black backgrounds can read it.
Well, at least you can buy Japanese Blu Rays and play them in the US :P
Improvement!
2,14 well that's your clients issue. I've already gone through 3 other variations so people can read my text, I'm done changing it
Now all it does it show a blank screen.
Even though it thinks it has connected./
D:
ooook
The problem in here is that in most foreign releases are missing one key detail we Scandinavians like
You can probably change the color settings in your IRC client
Ahh, back to invalid password.
Tell your client users to link to irc.ponychat.net. And update your client for irc.ponychat.net. We're going to go ahead and kill the old servers.
Ok.
Give me a while to do that, the users are getting pretty fed up with being shunted all over the place.
I know.
Pontang: are you on bronychat?
Sorry about all of this.
I don't either but some people do need them
That doesn't work with Blu Ray unfortunately
I don't have my oper pass.
k, I'll do it then
I need to update the server address for this network.
So everyone needs to move again. :P
But there really shouldn't be an issue since we're putting bronychat.net to ponychat.
2,14 lol
aw :(
2,14 nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
And new services, so all the channels and nicks need to be registered again.
2,14 where to now Dari? :P
Where to?
（╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
Same network, but because of a merge, irc.ponychat.net
>_<
To mibbit!
（╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
Again?
ponychan merge?
omg
Sorry guys, not much I can do about it. :|
How scandalous
^
It's cool Dari, we'll do what we have to
so we change?
We're adding more servers to support everyone.
It's alright
like...
now?
Oh dear. Again?
Yeah, I'm just switching the mibbit embeds. :<
It's so hard to type that whole nic register line, oh my god!
*sarcasm
ok ppl, time to move
So do we just need to refresh the page?
Oh what's the new IRC address?
I haven't updated the site yet.
irc.ponychat.net
Hiya Dari.
ponychan doesn't like me
already up?
Hey.
>w>
I'm on it
HEY
Hiya Turgle
i did it
xD
lol
Yes.
You can only get 35 people per server?
... huh.
:P
time for more caffeine injections...
Weird.
Different services.
Not on anope any more.
2,14 though am I still on the color script? :P
2,14 no warning, huzzah!
You won't get a +r anymore.
Hrm.
But you are registered Natleyn
I'm more used to channel flags anyway, so meh.
Oh oh!.
Planning to stay up for long?
wohoo i can read what ValtheJean write!
Services usually send you notices anyway.
ok guys, server's up
Whether you're in a channel or not is irrelevant.
switch to irc.ponychat.net/6667 #bronystate
So this address will become obsolete?
Every IRC I've been in before would have nick/chan post to you in your active channel. >_>
probably
how do we switch to that?
That's by preference of the client you are using, not the services.
Almost all services send you notices.
As that is the standard protocol.
So I can safely remove this from my auto connect list?
if you are logged with mibbit you have to wait that dari changes the embed code
Well
well, i'll keep it for a while xD
hi
Hi
where can i DL irc chat client
hello
Chatzilla doesn't like ponychat
is it mirc?
google XChat
[](/b24)
or mirc
nope
or Chatzilla
B-22!
What do you mean AllisZerofuu?
or whatever
which is the best in your opinions?
I use ChatZilla
It's relatively easy to use.
i use xchat
Mibbit links are updated/
I used chatzilla yesterday.
Refresh page?
so refresh!
Xchat is probably one of the best, but I like mIRC the most.
It connects fine, but if I try to join the chat it goes into a reconnection loop
okay, see you guys over there
uh
ohay ponies
Hai
hey all!
welcome back!
ChatZilla is good if you like to keep Firefox on most of the time.
uh
Is this the last one?
is this it?
=\
We're moving till the job is done!
Spoiler: S2 will be SO. AWESOME. /)^3^(\
Crap crap crap....
Nope.
im confused.
/me 2,14 bans RobotPinkie :P
Etiher clear your cache or close and reopen your browser.
suddenly: RobotPinkie perma-banned
okay
i'm trying my hardest not to get spoilered
It's Fluttershy btw but it's not letting me sign in with it
NNNNOOOOO
MFW Val can't ban yet.
2,14 well we're do our best to make sure that doesn't happen kanye
I haven't set your flags. :P
I got in with FlutterBro just fine
is it working
2,14 and dari! SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
nope.
It says 'Fluttershy' is already in use
Why would you want to ban RobotPinkie?
I just had to reregister the nick
MP, guess who owns a channel...
all I know is that there will be a lot of star trek crossovers after the first episode
Because of spoilers :P
xD
what are you using?
You has spoilered?
2,14 as much as I want to talk about S2, we are making sure that we keep the spoilers in check
mums the word
Spoiler: S2 will be SO. AWESOME. /)^3^(\
2,14 we want this to be a nice place for everyone, so deterring people because of S2 talking isn't prefered :P
about those spoilers
whats really to spoil?
Yeah, sorry if you wanted to find that out first hand :(
I spoilerereeded myself
i just dled chatzilla
I didn't pick much up from the clip
MP: we decided that the bots will be named after the mane 6.
Not everyone watched the spoiler clip
-earlier today
2,14 anon: we're mostly just jumping the gun here
So no one will use those nicknames.
2,14 even though I agree with you, we want to set this rule now
ok, so you probably have a network list
how do i connect
You can add a bot of your favorite pony of course.
:p
or something like this
2,14 so there's no confusion
yeah
That's... not really fair. I've been using Fluttershy from the beginning
right?
Available networks are [dalnet, efnet, freenode, hispano, ircnet, moznet, quakenet, serenia, slashnet, solidirc, undernet, webbnet].
SPOILER WARNING: RARITY IS BEST PONY
I haven't spoiled anything. I saw the pic from the spoiler clip before Sethisto de-spoilered it, but that's it
TBH that clip just spiked my interest in season 2
ok
I agree mib
add new network
And I was really hoping to continue using that nickname...
MP: there will be other users who want it. We want to be fair to everyone.
Silly anon, that's not how you spell Pinkie Pie!
must be: irc.ponychat.net
So it's best to just not let anyone have them.
Only thing to spoil is what kind of the baddie will be...
and channel #bronystate
how to add new?
I've already /been/ using it though and nobody has gotten angry with me so far
MP
<---
You still use that :P
there should be a button somewhere
that'll work
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/original/000/170/301/Twitableflip.png?1315092882
Yep
-sighs- Alright
/me hugs MP
"add"
I used to go by _Sesshoumaru because Sesshoumaru was taken.
:(
put a X or # in front of it
its okay mp
dont see it
but I'll do it Fluttershy' if I can
Hmm...
To do what?
<3xXxFluttershyxXx<3
LOL
Damn, I can't add a @ in front of my name. :p
that... didn't work
Dari, how did you...?
how's everything working in here
For mirc right?
Copy-paste it.
chatzilla
chatzilla
Oh
seems good Awesomeshy
I'm crazy sorry guys
i'm looking for the online guide
hey, thats really cool
What? WHy
Why, even.
I believe typing irc://irc.ponychat.net in the browser will work.
'cause i don't use chatzilla
wait a sec
That whole thing that just happened
my fault
yay
totally sorry
2,14 inb4 nick spam :P
That ok `Fluttershy?
fuck it
im dling mIRC
<_<
:p
it still makes me very sad not to be just plain Fluttershy anymore....
Damn, can't use % or & either. :p
Isn't Fluttershy the Streamception FLuttershy?
/me sips tea
`Fluttershy: mane 6 names are reserved for bots
hey. Lets make me a pony! Whats the color scheme?
Yes. I kind of made a name for myself that way too
Right
I know the new rule but... it doesn't make it any less hard to take...
better
If irc://irc.ponychat.net does not link you, I don't know what will for chatzilla.
I feel... like I've lost my idenity...
:c
identity*
/me hugs 'Fluttershy
`... dang.
So how does the name work for mane 6 with two names? Is it RainbowDash or Rainbow_Dash?
There's still that other nic you had
oh c'mon you will be always the real Fluttershy here C:
wait
i've only 30 days
/me glomps `Fluttershy
Let's see
!op ValtheJean
xD
PinkiusPiacus?
....
2,14 :P
I don't... I don't want to use that though...
I liked that one
There's going to be lots of anger if the mane 6 are only bots though...
2,14 I'll have to sacrifice someone with my trident in order to appease it
Pontang...?
whats the irc server
!op ValtheJean
/me puts his hoof on his nose
LOL
irc.ponychat.net
2,14 HURRAY!
Why not reserve mane 6 and other characters for mods?
irc.ponychat.net
o>O
FAIL
Pontang
2,14 I live again!
^Lols
I suppose this will have to do for now.
Actually I reckon it's better as to not have the mane-6 as takeable nics so there would not be figts over who can be who...
-lip trembles- but... oh dear...
ports?
isnt it
6667
irc.bronychat.net
?
nope
ponychat
for #bronystate at least
nope :)
huh
yep
I'm using iceChat
we are switching right now
and I connect via irc.bronychat.net
WHAT
AGAIN?1
OH JESUS F-
xD
My identity... my purpose in life... I... lost it all...
For the in-channel commands.
!deop ValtheJean
:P
2,14 HEY
xD
Perhaps you should try for a slightly different variation on flutterwhatever
so
new server
like fluttergirl or adorableshy
.... AGAIN.
FlutterSis?
:|
Shush.
No... I'm...
hey you did it
its not working.
this is the LAST time
you have to join #bronystate
fluttersis sounds good
WHAT
so I'm out of here to the new server
I'm Fluttershy. I'm... supposed to be Fluttershy... ;_;
Streamceptionist?
cya
ok the IRC server is irc.ponychat.net
see there!
<<:
and the port is 6667
no WhatPayne that... gah no
yep
so
now
you have to join the CHANNEL
XD
inceptionshy
SeaPonyShy?
NO
RobotPinkie! >< NO
A friend from my guild asked about Pegasisters the other day
Smoozeshy? :P
>w>
Ponies Ponies Ponies SWAGS
trololo
it says unable to resolve server
Lol
Told him he should feel bad about that name
2,14 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
xD
FIRED!
who wants to rp?
._.
how
only if I get to be the doctor
Aight, 'nuff of that
For the in-channel commands.
irc.ponychan.net?
!op for example
and wear a fez
If I see the Fluttershy bot... I will murder it >:|
irc.ponychat.net
Shoo be doo, shoo shoo be do
Why would you include control codes in that?
who typed that?
a fez?
Anyone know how to make an animated gif?
fezzes are cool
Flutteryay, we are switching server
Part 3 was up a while ago. Just took forever for Seth to update the post
Wait.
If nick changing is open... >>
My script always uses colours in #BronyState.
Make a layered image, then save it as GIF, Barry... I think that's pretty much it
what about colors?
J/K
<<
Hmm
>>
Well
Shutterfly?
You have to combine the flags or they'll reset I believe.
So I'm actually sending 2,15!op
its not working
2,14 colors are handled by dari's script
i connected to irc.ponychan.net
You can do /cs for all those commands
port 6667
unable to resolve
ok
FlutterSmooze?
Or you can the trigger to include your control codes
/me is still thinking good names
try to delete the 6667
Yeah I know, but the they're for lazy people. :P
You can set any trigger per channel
and connect
the in-channel ones
just let her be fluttershy
Ah, ok.
^
Don't be mean to her, she can sing!
Isn't Shutterfly the name of a band?
I got nothin'.
>>;
i have to input a port
Shutterfly is many things
Or am I thinking of something else?
Of course there is that. But only if mods are nice
What is top result on google?
well
6667
Shutterfly is like Photobucket
:\
its irc.ponychan.net
correct?
no
ponyCHAT
Huh.
Only with less bucket and more fly
ZeMagics?
Makes me think of the list of various version of Fluttershy I made...
ooh
FFS
god.
Oh, is ther a halfop flag?
here you are
im in
there*
good job
sorry
im getting old
ThatShyPony?
brb
WhatPayne: that's enough...
psychoshy in the bottom left scares me
Sorry
I'll... just have to live with `Fluttershy...
No. Look at /cs help flags and /cs help template for a much more flexible system.
I was out of ideas anywho
You can use templates like Anope's VOP/SOP/HOP/AOP
Sounds good.
register? I didn't register anything
to everyone else
whatever
I wanna rp ponies
*switch to irc.ponychat.net*
What is the command for setting email and password to nick?
./ns register password email
./nick register <password> <email>
oh we can register our nicks?
I don't think this is really quite the place for pony rps
./ns REGISTER <password> <email>
FlutterBro: That's the one!
Its not, someone will have to open a channel for RP
can I open BronyStateRP?
Turglar.
Herp Derp Turgle
lol
or should I use some random name?
LOL
i'm an idiot
Meow meow.
Just make sure we know who is who...
Just don't start derping all over the keyboard
:O
Woona!
/me hugs Luna
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu I don't wanna pay tax :(
Luna! Hai
Though she left the second after she joined, lol
Err
Oh.
so i have stored the REGISTER nick with my email and password xD
She came and went
Turgle, like a boss
:facepalm:
noo.... its *facehoof*
RobotPinkie, that Luna was me. I was making sure she didnt lose her name as well
XD
Haha, oh okay
Sorry to have gotten your hopes up. XD
D:
Hey everyone
Not just my hopes, but everyones hearts are now crushed :(
lololol
Oh somebody PlEASE send me to the MOON pleeeeeease
Send you to the moon?
>.>
Yes... ;_;
uhm
Why would you want to go to the moon?
I LOVE BANANAS
JUST SEND ME ALREADY
i don't think i registered my nick right
Well, good thing you like bananas...
/me sends `Fluttershy to the moon... on a mission to gather apples
it didn't ask me for password or email
/me waves to all in chat
Bananas are so last week.
'cause you'll find a lot of bananas...
RobotPinkie: fail you did it wrong >> I mean I love you but...
wait
the command is /nick
or
/ns
hello everybrony
?
Fail how?
LordCelest.. Wheres the rest of your name? -.-
Turgle /ns
/me presses button, firing Fluttershy to the moon
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
/ns nick password email
its because of illiteracy in equestria
ohay Dermathil
BEE-YETCH
right?
I believe it logs you in automatically on register
/me happily flies to the moon
I like LordCelest better, personally.
i never gave XChat my pass
No, don't go to the moon. you'll get shot by Apollo astronauts!
Turgle It doesn't have to be your email's pass, just a pass to use your nick when you log on
/me splats against the moon's surface
Oh, darn, I forgot the maniacal laughter. -.-
aww
Robot: It should.
Poor `Fluttershy
uhm ok - trying again
If you register you have to type "/identify <password>" when you log on
kay
Not really, XChat does that for me :P
hey VioletVanilla
Hi violet :3
/me hugs VioletVanilla
RobotPinkie Fine, be that way :P
/me hugs Natleyn and Turgle~
6Hallo everypony!
2,14 whore
...
um
<3
we have switched!
Horse.
to another server xD
Oh
Whorse
Hiya Dermathil.
/me says wow
Worse.
so
RobotPinkie, What?
who here is interested for some D&D?
The HOP template doesn't +h on join/identify.
I don't even know, WhatPayne
Used to play many ywars ago, MrChang
I ain't even mad.
same
LETS GO
I'm too tired to try to understand
i got my dice
See /quote help cmode
everybody get their char sheets out
But nowadays I don't think I'd really fit in anymore
...
hey guys im having a banana
i was playing in the in early 90s
im 25
Soooo
Alright, MrChang, what are we playing?
cmonnn
Have fun with that, hat.
You're a bbbbbeeeyach
WHO LIKES BANANAS
good ol fashioned D&D
mmmmmmm
MrChang, what edition?
BRP, Storyteller, CoC, d20?
So other than +o and +v what does it have?
hmmmmmm
It's not the same without LordCelestia threatening everyone
Yeah MrChang I played back in early 2000
4E
that's it
...
But since I moved to the US, haven't touched any of that
wait
flags
maybe 3? or 3.5..?
or user modes
4th edition omfg you heathen!
Lol
...just kidding
4 is the latest :D
Yup!
I DID IT
lez go
Yes, but there's no way to differentiate between the different powers of each user at a glance?
Sadly I never got into dnd or knew anyone who was into it
i shall be the dungeon mater
no
2,14 4th edition sucks ass. 3rd edition all the way
...
master
It's not really necessary.
why even is that important
/me brohoofs ValtheJean
Thank you.
Valthejean, all the cool kids are playing Pathfinder now.
i dont wanna touch up on all the rules for 3E
Jesus saves. Everyone else takes 1d6 damage from the fire trap.
pathfinder is the best
I used to be a GM for a group of friends for a year and a half or so
:D
Man, those were good times.
Typically, channels will be arranged with regular users with no mode, trusted users with +v, and staff with +o
join the cool guys, val
2,14 nothing beats a Samurai/Kensai dual class
I used to GM AND have a playable character
It doesnt seem to give a message when I invite someone. How confusing
2,14 phfff, I'm a noncomformist
It's necessary so users know who has what powers in the channel.
I always got screwed though
HEROSPIRIT
2,14 even when I spell it wrong
ok
WHAT
/me hugs herospirit
im starting to DM
I always used to play Call of Cthulhu
GALSTAFF
IT'S WORKING NOW
HEROSPIRIT
you have entered the door to the north
/me is full of sadness....
You've got +o and +v. Do your users really need such granularity?
/me hugs `Fluttershy
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO GET ON FOR TWO HOURS.
Excellent role-playing game.
/me goes into FLUTTERCRY mode
ohay herospirit!
let's start
/me hugs Natleyn back
shall we?
;~;
`Fluttershy: Don't be sad.
'Need' no, but it's very helpful.
Has the server been down or does it just hate me?
I think it was down
I think it's been down
It's been rejecting mibbit
thinkdownmind
/me sniffles. "But my logical side and emotional side are in conflict..."
it was up, though
A little from column A, a little from column B...
I was going into withdrawl
You all start off in a quiet village and many of its residents seem to ignore your presence and go about their business. Though seemingly peaceful, you all sense a very dark and evil presence lurking about.
They usually are, Flutterwooby
withdrall. Withdral. Withdraw.
also I should note you may pic your own pony as a bot
Withdrawal?
Southern drawl
Thank you Nat :D
eh?
I cast detect evil!
anybody want to join my adventure?
/me flips a table and mumbles;
i haven't DM'd in years
No problem!
(if you even care)
>_>
WHY MUST IT ALWAYS HAVE A DARK PRESENCE LURKING ABOUT
roll check, kayne
hey NewDCD
We moved again.
What kind of adventuuuuure. :0
whats the command?
no clue
eeeeeeyup
lol
6Where to? o;
I kinda need to read this dumb book, unfortunately :(
ill roll for you
I'll ask.
irc.ponychat.net
^
I can't cycle the channel
dumb fabric
i'm a paladin by the way
As long as you can enforce your rules, it doesn't seem necessary if there is a %/@/&/~ at the end of your name.
uhhh
/me hugs VioletVanilla
is that a +3 on roll?
Welcome! :3
I think so
I have no idea what's going on
Is it necessary to have a remote for your TV? Nope.
DCD, I love you for fabric.
But it's easier.
we'll make it +3
/me ish squished ^.^
You can call me Sir Kanye De East
9+3, you rolled a 12
actually
with a lot of newer TV's
Hello there, El Capitan
Hello thar Violet
WHY WON'T YOU CYCLE.
you can't do anything without a remote
Is "Pants Magician" a class?
just sayin'
2,14 it hates us DCD :P
so does that mean it worked? seems a little low
6WRRRRRYYYYYYYY~~~
3rd or 3.5?
Saturday is getting very close
Well I haven't seen any like that, and the point I was making still stands. :P
6Hallo WhatPayne~
Sir Kayne tries to detect evil but, can only sense a slightly more than that previously
I hold back my burning desire to smite the town, can't see what I need to smite.
the user modes aside, that isn't the only reason we went with the setup we're using
im off to bed, thanks RDash for the support xD
I'm sorry for any inconvenience it causes for you and your users
/me drops a Beholder in the party of level 1s.
night everyone!
Try it out and see how it goes.
night Turgle
6Guten nacht Turgle~ ;3
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
and we hope to assist you the best we can
have fun
:D
For helm!
Nighty night Turgle!
ohay VioletVanilla :3
thanks for the help, turggy
I may join in a bit Chang. But not yet
6Hallo RobotPinkie~
okay its just kayne right now
Night Turgle
OH THANK GOD I CAN USE MIBBIT
A party of one -sad pinkie-
/me was too late D:
Kayne
apparently there was a network merger earlier
that's why the chat wasn't working
Yeah yeah.
Dari told me
You notice the villagers have begun to recognize your powers
I rarely use hat emoticon :3
*that
They begin to scurry around town a quicker than usual.
what do you do?
Obviously they are up to no good, I try and grab a villager and demand he tell me what sinister evil lurks in this town.
gotta grab check
these guys are powerwalking about
trying their best to avoid you
okay grab and seize check
18
fuck yeah
the quotes are going to be the NPCs
Thats okay, it was in the name of justice after all
"PLEASE SIR! What in the heavens are you doing? Let go of me!!"
"Why are all of you trying to avoid a knight of justice? What sinister evil exists in this town! Do not make me smite you!"
/me is evolving.
/me isn't
9POWER
/me uses ponypounce on VioletVanilla
roll for intimidate?
9UNLIMITED POWER
It's super effective.
"Evil?!?! There is no evil! It's just a busy day is all! People have to run many errands in our town, ya know!" as he stutters constantly
MrChang, is "Pants Magician" a viable class?
:0
/me 2,14 Wields his trident with a manly pose
lemme roll
/me grabs her kitten army~
17!
O_o
did I mention i'm also Samuel Jackson?
No, Chang has dice.
the paladin
He's using actual dice, I'm pretty sure...
ninja'd
sammy L?
Chang, what was that roll for?
oh that gives you an automatically +20 on intimidate
:D
i'm shaking down a peasant
Are you ignoring my question? :p
trying to get him to admit that theres an evil cult in the village
so 17
It was a genuine question.
Pants Magician is a respectable career you know
Yay! The chat's back up!
You intimidate the villager to the near point of lost bowel control
/me is ignored once more
"If you are lieing to me I will haul you to the nearest Chapter House and we will string you up for all the evil deeds you protect, tell me whats going on!"
/me mourns over his inability to be a pants magician in this game
*begins to cry with snot running down* "Please sir, leave me be! I've a family to feed, if I don't bring this offer-....th-this package to the tavern, I won't have money to eat! Please sire!"
Okay, can I have a list of classes I can choose?
Forever alone Herospirit
!roll
aw
!roll 2d26
@roll
not enabled yet
:[
Obviously this peasant doesn't know anything, I suppose i'll have to let him go and glare at the nearest people to see if they look suspicious.
/me is forever alone
gameserv is bestserv
;x
Oh hush
no u
2,14 That is an EqD post I am willing to go rush over and read :P
MrChang can I have a list of classes?
You let the villager go and he runs off clutching the backside of his pants
Well not in any of our main channels.
Just then
Maybe we could have a game/RP channel though.
A figure in a brown cloak with face hooded over approaches you quickly.
Ooh, we have a trivia bot.
He immediately asks
"Who are you?"
/me is not cool enough for MrChang's game
you can join if you'd like
but not as a pants magician
Hero, you're already cool enough to be a beta tester :3
I pose heroically and announce "I am Sir Kanye De East. Knight of the Most holy order of the radiant heart. I sense a dark presence in this town." I try and detect if this particular brown cloaked person is evil.
I know, is there a list of classes?
I didn't write it to keep scores, but I could do.
evil check
10
failed
Hi.
Man, I suck at the whole 'detecting evil'
I'll get back on that after I finish puttin' musics on mah new mp3 player
Hiya Nittany_Tiger
I'll be a Bard if I can :0
Dat help file:
As he speaks, an ominous presence strikes your very soul
Best help
lol
What was that for?
I can be Kanye's exceptionally annoying minstrel
RPS
Look for the guy trying to kill you. That's probably evil.
wat/
Lol.
lol
Must not have been added yet.
LOL
"There is no evil in this town, foolish Paladin. I suggest you be on your way before the Hill Trolls kill you at night"
Hey guys
XD
you can be a bard if you like
yeah
:D
you can sing enemies to death
lol
LordCelestia! Hello
or have sex with all the ladies in a town
How should I join now?
how is everypony?
or that
ALL THE LADIES.
just be with kayne
LordCelestia: ;_; -glomps-
actually
o i've a good idea
what does glomp mean? ive been meaning to ask
so wait for kayne to stop talking to the old guy first
kayne, go
Alright.
LordCelestia: Um.... look it up?
I glare at the obviously sinister monk, pointing my finger at him. "This is not over, whoever you are. I will not let this go. And threats will not be tolerated"
Tackle hug.
alrighty?
>mfw audio interview of Jayson Thiessen
hii *cant breathe*
2,14 listening to it now :P
zomg.
He speaks once again with an ashy tone "If you plan to muck around this town, I suggest you stay at the Tavern. The last thing you want is a Dire Wolf gnawing at your bones in the morning."
how season 2 right now.
that should be fking awesome
The man disappears in the blink of an eye.
YAY i like glompies!
*psst, go to the tavern, thats where i put hero in*
:D
* Connect retry #1 irc.ponychat.net (6667) (dns pool)
"I hope they do a brony line of toys" OH YEAH PLZ
Obviously this town is actually full of evil but I should go to the tavern despite the obvious trap and threat. Thats where he'll least expect me.
*regarding the interview*
I go!
It connected on the retry though.
imma gonna go work on part 2 of my fanfic
Yeah, been listening to the interview for 6 minutes to the interview. So nice. <3
You enter the tavern quickly but, cautiously
lolol I can't edit sentences
You find a stool at the bar to rest your feet.
time for more caffeine...
what interview
?
The Barkeep asks "What will you have, son?"
Things should settle by tomorrow.
The Thiessen interview, it's awesome.
But it shouldn't be much of an issue as it is.
"I will have water, a knight does not cloud his judgement with spirits"
GO. LISTEN. NOW.
Yeah, seriously, go listen
"Water, ey? Alrighty, comin' right up"
Yay I can work on my fanfic and read this at the same time! does anyone else here know about it already?
He hands you the stein of water and leans in close to whisper in your ear
And eventually the bronychat.net domain will link here as well. Just takes a bit of time.
"I heard you were ranting about evil in the town square today"
Well, looks like I'm NOT buying my laptop luls
>yfw I tear my finger off my hand in awesome from hearing the interview
"lordcelewstia is awesome" he says dramatically
guys what interview?
"Between you and me, I can sense a very dark aura myself"
where can i see it?
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/exclusive-season-2-audio-interview-with.html
LordCelestia: EqD
awesome ill go checkitout
with Jayson Thiessen
"You know of the evil that lurks in this town? What have you heard?"
76 minutes long
*72
should resolve on their own after a while
its*
"I haven't lived in this town very long but, I heard whispers of ritual occult sacrificings going on somewhere.."
Yeah, I think we had the DNS pool problem till the zone entries had updated properly.
ohai Stomper
hi baby cakes
now
herospirit
the bard
i need your char name
He's just pouring out the brony love, omg <3
Erm one sec
hay Octavia!
i forgot what race are you two?
Human
'Tavi!
I'll be human as well
(indeed RobotPinkie. I'm going to die of awesome by the end I guess)
/me hugs Octavia
okay
I swear to god if you're a kender
i'll murder your face
And I am called...
KENDERS
Me too, Dermathil. Me too.
Darn that thing makes me nostalgia
(the kender thing0
Jimmy Bravebottom, Spouter of Tales
who else wants to join in on our makeshift D&D?
Also known as "the Exceptionally Annoying Minstrel"
(But we need a heeaaaaleeeeeer D:)
Hey.
A young man, blonde hair and handsome with a harp approaches Sir Kayne
I like playing warrior classes.
we havnt met yet, i was here friday and then went camping so i need to catch up
(listening to the Jayson Thiessen interview, and MrChang, why not make another channel for the D&D?)
(JOIN US PINKIE.)
He notices that Kayne and the Barkeep were discussing about the omnious aura surrounding the mysterious town
I glance suspiciously at the bard. "Can I help you, minstrel?"
Not today, herospirit. Had it been tomorrow, I probably would have :(
its better here, people can look and see if they're interested
remember, hero you overheard them of the evil talk
and you wish to adventure
all that stuff
(Alright.)
>_>
be suave
/me offers the use of Dungeons&Ponies for D&D
/me agrees
alright then
same setting just everypony are ponies now
(a D&D channel we tried to use back in july)
Im listening to the interview right now :')
then I'm a earth pony
Yay LordCelestia
my cutie mark is a fist
(I am a)
(Erm)
A fist of justice!
I'm gonna put it on my music player and listen.
its only 3 pony types
(I'll be a Pegasus Pony)
okay
continue the conv
on you, hero
I suppose instead of a sword i'll have to smite with my mighty horseshoes of justice
it's been a long day
yeah converting items to pony-like is going to be hard =\
And sleepieshy is sleepie
well paladins really use 2h blunt weapons
hammmers, maces
KanyeEast: hornblade
and I have classes tomorrow
MrChang: mouth-held
mage classes would be unicorns
gnight
and pegasi?
good night duder
thiefy classes?
I sit on the stool across from the Paladin. I nearly miss the chair, but pass it off as a fancy way of sitting down. "I hear talk of evil and adventure to be had. Surely you will need a bard to be present, to recall your tales, and pass them to the next generation?"
on you, kayne
I suggest not giving races as classes
But magical bonuses
(bard Pegasus is best Pegasus)
The Barkeep gives the Bard a stern look.
Wow, great. The morons at the dealership ran my credit 4-5 times.
What a bunch of morons.
/me would love to be at BroNYcon but it is so darn faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar away
i live in nyc
but they're having it upstate
I'll fly over bronycon and see what its like
sooo...
I glare into the bards eyes, making a roll to detect alignment. "You bards know little of justice, spinning your tales to call people away from the right path. But you may be useful..."
alignment check
16 check, success!
(Wait, so what should I say of allignment?)
well what is it?
you've got lawful, neutral and chaotic and good, neutral and evil
you've got to pair them up basically
You detect that he is a Lawful good
sorry i was refreshing on the alignments
(I was going to say Nuetral Good, but that works)
oh ok
neutral good then
A lawful good bard? lol
Neutral good is better
Lawful good bard...
(Dem dirty bards)
Might as well be a eunuch
(Okay wait)
(Nuetral Nuetral)
(sorry :P)
just stick with neutral good
Neutral*.
Neutral neutral is true neutral.
you're all heroes
Yay, 'Tavi's an OP!
how do i invite people to my chat?
Bards can't be LG
because they have loud mouths
anyone can tell me?
Bards are required to be non-lawful, just like Barbarians
(:P)
I turn back to the barkeep "We will need a room, though we probably wont' be sleeping tonight."
MrChang: Where is BroNYcon?
/me lives and goes to school in upstate
new york
lol
i don't know exactly
Kanye: Oh baby.
im in manhattan =\
LordCelestia: That's a bloody large area :P
I nearly jump the table in excitement. "Wait, wait, I'm in?"
hey i have aprivate chat i need 2 invite someone who knows how I can invite someone to the private chat?
/invite <nick>
not like that natleyn
er, /invite <channel> <nick>
/me is in a foreign country... Q_Q and New York was so awesome each time I visited...
I roll my eyes at the bard "Of course, you may prove yourself useful. Hopefully you are handy with a weapon"
;3
The Barkeep disregards the Bard's enthusiasm and says "I'll give you a discount and I really hope you two can get rid of this problem in this town, my customers look as though they want to kill me."
I scrunch my face in thought. "I once beat a crazed hobo with my lute."
Dermathil: Did you ever go upstate, or did you just visit the City and Long Island?
the room is only 1silver for you two
both of you have 50s
who wants to go 2 the moon?
"...he bit me. It was self defense."
I hoof a silver bit to the Barkeep, moving off the bar to glance at the bard. "Come along bard, we have an ambush to prepare for."
i'd say hand, but ponies don't have those
It's LIVE!
Barkeep asks the Paladin "You should shut him up on top of cleansing this evil, it's bad for my business. Lousy bards."
>_>
I'd love to go to the moon.
Ignoring the Barkeep, I turn my attention to the mention of an ambush."Should I use the heavy lute, sir?"
Oh I don't want to live on the moon.
you two mingle
imma brb
You now have Ernie's singing voice stuck in your heads
I sigh, heading upstairs. "If you don't have any other weapon than thats fine. You don't look like the type to get your hooves dirty anyway."
Well I wouldn't want to live there, but visiting would be nice.
then accept the invite
FreezeFrame: visited Manhattan, did the battery park ferry stuff, mostly around Central Park and Times Square though
(actually I have THIS stuck in my head) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMoTSltdShA
I am so fucking psyched for S2 right now omfg.
Dermathil: Awww.
9guys
9guys
hay NewDCD
Sup dawg
Yes NewDCD?
What up?
9>DCD's Reaction.flv http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Hn4mLTVDxQ
Oh hai Flootershai.
9Disregard the fact that, yes, I hate SEED
brb letting dogs outside.
manshy in the back
9but holy fuck, I love some of the weaponry in that series. PARTICULARLY the METEOR Platform
mfw
wait what
that picture. No.
9too bad SEED was shit
LAWL NewDCD
9but yeah
they're all impressed by the guy whose playing...discord?
9>TARGET IN SIGHT
9>HiMAT FULL BURST FIRE
KanyeEast: that's the cockatrice
Hey guys
or is he going for the cocatrice?
they have varying degrees of want
Hey guys
Hiya Trollight!
I'm back
ohay TrollightSparkle
Welcome back Herospirit?
ty. :p
Be back in about half an hour.. and hi to the both of you.
I wanna nap, but there's no time to nap x.x
good morning everyone
Aw why not?
And hello DecapKing
Morning DecapKing
it may be 7 at night
but its still feels like morning for me
If I nap now, I'll get up at, like... midnight. Or later. And then I'll have to sleep again or stay up 'till I have to go to class >.>
@psyched_for_season_2meter
6 You are 54% psyched_for_season_2. (95)
LIES
!trivia-on
4,12Trivia: What is Fluttershy's Cutie Mark?
@hyped_for_s2meter
6 You are 25% hyped_for_s2. (96)
@madmeter RobotPinkie
6 RobotPinkie is 47% mad. (97)
@psyched_for_season_2meter
Yay spam
6 You are 83% psyched_for_season_2. (98)
lol so false
BUTTERFLIES
@pony
12Zephirdd is 5Little Strong7heart
lol
whos that?
Three butterflies
4,12Trivia: What colour is Photo Finish's coat?
blue
4,12Trivia: What colour eyes does Spike have?
@psyched_for_season_2meter
6 You are 80% psyched_for_season_2. (99)
green
4,12Trivia: What species is Braeburn?
/me is 9001% hyped for Season 2
earth pony
4,12Trivia: Pinkie Pie is based on a Generation 3 pony. Name this pony.
ofdhaqfiopqweioufhqw
pinkie pie
4,12Trivia: Mrs. Cake appears in how many episodes?
Dari, why
5
3
three?
2
4
4,12Trivia: An Internet-based social expression for a Photography enthusiast is an anagram of 'Fluttershy.' Name this slang term.
EUGH
shutterfly
ffs dari
4,12Trivia: What species is Luna?
/me is unbelievably, inexplicably hyped and ready for Season 2
alicorn
4,12Trivia: Who is Applejack's and Apple Bloom's brother?
even I know who pinkie is based on
big mac
Big macintosh
big macintosh
Dari >.>
4,12Trivia: What colour is Pinkie Pie's mane and hair?
..
SDAFLSDF
pink
4,12Trivia: What colour is Granny Smith's hair?
HAHAHAHA
grey
gray
Gray
white
4,12Trivia: Mr. Cake appears in how many episodes?
white
gray
White
1
2
2
4
Trivia: Who invented calculus?
4
4
4
3
4,12Trivia: What is Sapphire Shores' fur colour?
5
6
3
white
tan
blue
ok
yellow
DM IS BACK
4,12Trivia: What colour hair does Apple Bloom have?
red
Red
4,12Trivia: Which pony does Scootaloo Idolise?
Red
red
red
what did i miss?
FFFFFFF I FEEL LIKE I SHOULD KNOW ALL THIS
rainbow dash
Rainbow Dash
4,12Trivia: What colour is Photo Finish's mane and hair?
grey
Blue White
blue
blue
White
4,12Trivia: What is Celestia's cutie mark?
White
purple
Sun
sun
sun
4,12Trivia: Twilight has a certain Owl help her at night. Name, with correct spelling according to Faust herself, this Owl.
sun
Sun
Sun
Oh God
Owlicious
How do you spell it?
XD
owlowiscious
4,12Trivia: What colour is Luna's hair and mane?
I dont know
oluicious
D=
FFFFFFFFF
Blue
4,12Trivia: What colour is Applejack's fur?
BOOM NEIGHAS
Blue
blue
FFFFFFFFFF
WHY
Orange
4,12Trivia: What colour hair does Apple Bloom have?
Orange
Orange
orange
MOTHAFUCKIN BOOM
WHY TRIVIA SPAM
tan
Red
4,12Trivia: Fluttershy is known to be a year older than which pony?
Yellow
red
RED
Pinkie Pie
4,12Trivia: Big Macintosh appears in how many episodes?
pinkie ie
Pinkie Pie
Pinkie Pie
nn
pinke pie
fffff
2
2
3?
4
4
1
6
5
5
6
7
8
4,12Trivia: Fluttershy appears in how many episodes?
9
88
0
22
23
4,12Trivia: What colour is Luna's hair and mane?
24
24?
blue
4,12Trivia: What is Granny Smith's cutie mark?
Night Blue
Purple/Blue
apple pie
4,12Trivia: What colour wings does Gilda have?
DARI, Y U DO THIS
Apple
Apple Pie
brown
4,12Trivia: What colour is Pinkie Pie's mane and hair?
Stuff
Pie
pink
....
4,12Trivia: What colour is Big Macintosh's eyes?
DARI WHY
Pink
brown
Green
TROLLIN'
4,12Trivia: What colour is Applejack's fur?
Yellow
Green
Green
orange
4,12Trivia: Who is Applejack's and Apple Bloom's brother?
lol
Orange
red
this is OUT OF CONTROL
Tan
big mac
orange
XD
Big Macintosh
4,12Trivia: Where does Applejack live?
your mom
WHAT IS THIS DARI I DON'T EVEN
sweet apple acres
4,12Trivia: Princess Luna appears in how many episodes?
Sweet Apple Acres
Sweet Apple Acres
!trivia-off
1
2
4,12Trivia: What Element of Harmony does Rarity represent?
1
1
1
generosity
4,12Trivia: What species is Sweetie Belle?
YOUR MOM
earth
Unicorn
Unicorn
unicorn!
4,12Trivia: What is Luna's cutie mark?
/me sadfaces all over this place
unicorn
opps
moon
4,12Trivia: Fluttershy is known to be a year older than which pony?
Moon
Moon
crescent moon
Pinkie Pwe
....
Pinkie Pie
pinkie pie
Pinkie OPie
4,12Trivia: Which pony does Scootaloo Idolise?
Pie*
lol
Pinkie pie
RD
rainbow dash
4,12Trivia: What is Luna's alter ego called?
Rainbow Dash
rainbow dash
this is intense speed trivia
its starting to repeat
nightmare moon
4,12Trivia: What species is Rainbow Dash?
Nightmare Moon
kill it
Nightmare Moon
pegasus
Pegasus
4,12Trivia: What colour is Scootaloo's fur?
pegasus
orange
4,12Trivia: Rarity appears in how many episodes?
orange
Orange
Orange
24
4,12Trivia: What colour are Gilda's feathers around her head and neck?
7
23
23?
...shit
lol
white
4,12Trivia: Above all else, Fluttershy is known to love _ _ _ _ _ _ _
4,12Trivia: What is Rarity's cutie mark?
DARI MAKE IT STOPPP
diamonds
diamonds
gems
Dari.... why
Trololo
jewls
How do you people know how many episodes a specific character appears in?
jewels
WHY
._.
jewels
Three diamonds
4,12Trivia: Above all else, Fluttershy is known to love _ _ _ _ _ _ _
9Trivia: Why are those colors so hard to see?
animal
4,12Trivia: Twilight Sparkle's hometown is...
angel
okay stop this...
canterlot
4,12Trivia: What Element of Harmony does Rainbow Dash represent?
fffffff
Guys, Dari be trollin'
canterlot
Canterlot
loyalty
4,12Trivia: In the episode 'Dragonshy,' Fluttershy reveals to be afraid of what animal?
dragons
dragons
Dragon
4,12Trivia: Zecora appears in how many episodes?
dragon
2
4,12Trivia: What colour are Twilight Sparkle's eyes?
3
2
1
9TARGET LOCK ON!
Purple
green
4,12Trivia: What colour eyes does Hoity Toity have?
Purple
purple
WHY CANT I STOP ANSWERING
Blue
4,12Trivia: In the episode 'Dragonshy,' Fluttershy reveals to be afraid of what animal?
what
brown
WHAT
9FULL BURST, GO!
oh jeez
Dragon
dragon
4,12Trivia: Apple Bloom appears in how many episodes?
EVERY ANIMAL IN EXISTENCE
dragons
5
4
XD
7
6
okay..
THANK YOU DCD
3
thank you
8
TROLOLOLOL
GOD DAMN
THANK YOU NEWDCD
HAHAHAHAHA
12
13Dat blue and pink.
Thank you, NewDCD
/me brohoofs NewDCD
/me 9stands on his mech
back to D&D
That trivia was rather fast paced
9well
/me hugs Octavia
what did i miss you two?
9that's dealt with
lolol
13lol
/me does military salute to NewDCD.
/me hugs the hay outta DCD
You missed nothing :0
/me 13hugs Natleyn back ^^
9also Dari, you might want to change the background color
both of you are in the room upstairs
9they're hard to see in mibbit
9the trivia one, I mean
Meh.
!trivia-off
I didn't even read some questions before they were answered, and I know I read fast.
13:P
>.>
@D&Dmeter
6 You are 76% D&D. (100)
:D
@spammeter #bronystate
6 #bronystate is 96% spam. (101)
9@Beamspammeter NewDCD
6 NewDCD is 87% Beamspam. (102)
indeed it is
This is the most amazing interview I've ever heard
EVAR
omfg
As you two mingle in the tavern room, you notice a brightness coming through the window
/me brohoofs RobotPinkie. "Truly Indeedy!"
/me glomps Octavia
"Sir, can you see that light, or am I drunk again?"
/me brohoofs Dermathil
13o.o
The light gets brighter
"...Not that I drink."
/me 13is glomped by Decap as usual XD
"I see it as well" I back up slightly and prepare for abttle
I have zero doubts that S2 will be amazing now.
As you two analyze the window and light
Hai Octavia
You hear shuffling outside, sounds like a dozen strong
"...Shall we, sir?"
/me hugs Octavia~
I get no hugs today :(
/me hugs RobotPinkie
/me hugs RobotPinkie regardless of metallic build
yay!
"It may be a mob, prepare for battle." I move up to open the door and confront whoever is outside
/me joins in on hug
/me hugs back
you guys are upstairs
psst
YOU
woops, my bad
@triva
/me is too busy listening to interview to hug anypony
Then instead I look outside the window
?
I strum my lute a little while standing behind Kayne.
alright there we go :D
ok Kayne
/me hugs Octavia. "Because I haven't given you love in a while, despite being one of the 6 named best ponies."
6^ This.
As you peer through the window, you notice a small group of black cloaked, hooded people
(are they chanting? Do they have wooden boards? If so, they probably want your dead)
I thought we were ponies
One has their hood off and you immediately notice that it's the same villager you've interrogated this morning
ponies* sorry
(I keep forgetting we're ponies :P)
For a brief moment, you remember his face and he quickly puts his hood back on
*he doesn't see you
9@RealRobotPilotmeter Snails
6 Snails is 98% RealRobotPilot. (103)
9HOLY SHIT
/me yells MAGNETO three times.
WOW
/me 9stuffs Snails into a Gundam
Dayum
9guys
Hi all
9guys
@GARmeter Natleyn
yes, meeeeeeeeeee
ME TOO ZEPHRID
im listening to the interview whilw doing this
*and all of a sudden LordCelestia flies over and waves to everypony
and flies off into the sunset
6 Natleyn is 90% GAR. (104)
/me stuffs Gundam into cannon
ohay Purple`Prose
FUCK, YES
Cannon launches Gundam to moon
You can all call me Kamina now.
Ooh ooh me next!
/me is listening too!
I duck back into the window and glance to the bard "The dark cultists are here, prepare for battle." I head into our room and look around for a way to prepare for battle.
9hist cutie mark LOOKS like a Snail...but it actually is a targeting computer
Hello Purple
I produce a scrap of paper from my pocket and begin to scribble on it.
"...I'm writing a balad about dark cultists as we speak."
Seems legit, NewDCD
As time passes, you notice the shuffling of ponies degrade into silence and the torchlight fade to darkness.
9@SuperRobotPilotmeter Snails
6 Snails is 10% SuperRobotPilot. (105)
how the bot finally gotten old?
9....maaaan
9that reminds me of this:
hey flutterbro
Hi LordCelestia!
space
@pony The pony that crossed the road
6 The pony that crossed the road is 5Little Strong7heart
"We must go follow them." I nod to the bard, heading downstairs to the inn.
i like space
@SuperRobotPilotMeter Purple Prose
6 Purple Prose is 11% SuperRobotPilot. (106)
aw
does anybody want to participate in this D&D session? :D
anypony is welcome
Que es super robot pilo?
I like space bananas
pilot*
downstairs of the inn*
I follow the Paladin, keeping a slight distance.
/me retests...
@SuperRobotPilotMeter Purple Prose
6 Purple Prose is 84% SuperRobotPilot. (107)
we could play ponynoia
9give me a sec, loking for it
:D
Friend Celestia!
@IN_GODMODEmeter FlutterBro
6 FlutterBro is 72% IN_GODMODE. (108)
9@HybridRobotPilot NewDCD
iyes?
9@HybridRobotPilotMeter NewDCD
6 NewDCD is 25% HybridRobotPilot. (109)
9@RealRobotPilotMeter NewDCD
6 NewDCD is 39% RealRobotPilot. (110)
@GodModMeter TrollightSparkle
6 TrollightSparkle is 17% GodMod. (111)
@pony The pony that has nightmares about Colonel Sanders
6 The pony that has nightmares about Colonel Sanders is 12Soar1in'
9@SuperRobotPilotMeter NewDCD
6 NewDCD is 31% SuperRobotPilot. (112)
9see?
9I'm balanced
ugh this robot
@pony The pony who is a spy
6 The pony who is a spy is 15Sweetie 6Be13ll6e
Dumb fabric.
As you two head downstairs for the exit, the Barkeep looks and nods as he too heard the shuffling
confound these ponies. they drive me to send people to the moon
9 39 + 31 equals 70, + 25 = 95
9I CAN PILOT THEM ALL PROFICIENTLY OHOHOHOH
10 steps away from the exit
@RobotPilotmeter Dermathil
6 Dermathil is 31% RobotPilot. (113)
Hey DCD, what's your opinion of Fourze?
a group of 4 men confront you two
:3
4 ponies
*gets in moon cannon and puts on some goggles* TO MARS!
4 ponies
@pony NewDCD's mech pilot waifu
6 NewDCD's mech pilot waifu is 6R12A3I9N8B7O4W 11DASH
burly ponies
/me appears
:0
Nice, DCD.
/me hugs GrimGallop
WHY HELLO THAR
/me is hugged
"Stand aside in the name of Celestia and I will not smite you." I glare at them.
"Hello, my good sirs, can we assist you?" I strum my lute nervously.
/me gets on Space Shuttle Bike!
Was anyone else having trouble getting into the chat today? o.o
(Yes, Gallop)
(so much trouble)
Your not gonna be an annoying fan akin to that of Oblivion are you NewDCD?
...
Once, it wouldn't show the chat, but then I refreshed the page.
The leader laughs maniacally and says "You two both know that none of you are leaving this tavern alive"
They all proceed to unsteath clubs and daggers
/me starts eating popcorn.
Thats all the encouragement I need. I rear up to bash the head in of the nearest thug for great justice!
/me bursts into tavern "NOT IF I HAVE ANY SAY IN IT
woops
"Oh my."
uh, roll for initative?
/me disappears
yeah
/me cheers!
imma roll
so kayne 15
Hey FlutterBro, can I have some? I've run out :C
you better not screw me bard!
11 for hero
god damnit
I rolled a 5
wat do
7 for thug leader
/me shares popcorn with Flutterbro
10 for the other 3 thugs
/me give Natleyn some popcorn. "What's going on this time? I'm glad I'm not in it"
sweet, time to get some smiting done
okay so kayne
attack roll
16
success
I aim for the thug leader
woohoo
damage roll
so what weap you have?
iron horseshoes
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fVE8kSM43I&ob=av3e
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Slipknot - Duality" - "© 2007 WMG Duality"
/me crosses his fingers
/me smiles and takes the popcorn, nommin' on some "These ponies are playin' D&D, somehow."
ill take that as a 6sided
1 6sided
I'll eventually try and get them enchanted or something
/me shouts. "Hey guys! I don't see any dice."
hoping I got the G.R.U.B. reinstalled correctly
maybe flaming horseshoes
4 damage
/me I'm glad I didnt ban D&D when i had the opportunity to back in 2008
ah the old days of 2008
(my turn?)
You proceed to kick the thug leader and he begins to bleed profusely
OH DAMN
i mean oh no!
Noo!! Go thugs!
I swear to celestia if you do anything like "I encourage the paladin by singing a song"
I'll murder you in your sleep
wait, who is who? fill me in real fast
The leader stumbles and gets even angrier
i'm a paladin
Kanye De East
I choose to attack using my heavy wood loot
2,14 ~bluff bluff bluff the idiot ogre~
lute*
:p
and my trusty...bard is herospirit
lol
okay heavy lute
9god ponibooru takes forever
wait theres a bard here?
9and I want to show you guys something
18 success!
PLAY SULFUR!
You mean "Exceptionally annoying minstrel" is herospirit
[Can someone enlighten me as to how this began? XD]
2,14 lol it's probably because people are spam refreshing it or whatnot for new discord pics :P
wooden weapons use only 3 sided
3 damage
because someone wanted to d&d and I wanted to play Samuel L Jackson the paladin
I joined to annoy Kanye
Foul Mouthed Lawful Good?
who do you attack?
So far so good
I gotta go! (Just when it was getting good.... D=)
I attack the weakest looking thug
Cya FlutterBro!
they're pretty much the same strength lol
lol Valthejean.
one is just uglier than the next
The closest then :p
Heyos
thug leader
/me summons a dragon. "Have fun!"
Wait no
the group is looking for members
maybe a unicorn mage or something
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yE1OQAoSWAU <-- Have some music
He has the leader covered
You take your Heavy Wooden Lute and proceed to bash the Thug Leader's face in
/me hugs FlutterBro goodbye
KanyeEast: ?
Okay that woks
/me Appears out of nowhere and says "I SHALL COVER THE ENTIRE WORLD... IN DARKNESS!"
works*
/me disappears suddenly.
hey EspyLacopa
we're playing dungeons and ponies
:D
yep
and no music for me, listening to the big interview
Wait, what?
me too haha
As the Lute comes in contact with the Thug Leader's face
Dungeons and Ponies you say?
Sounds intriguing.
Why, do you want to join? : D
I call being the dungeon
we already have a DM
:p
He collapses to the floor, unconscious
Hmmmmm.
His head begins to bleed rivers
What ruleset, if any?
idk anything about dungeons and drtagons i was just joking saying i wanted to be the dungeon :D
time to take down the next 3 thugs
vague 3.0?
or 3.5
we don't really even have stats
im improvising it as we go
how is my DM'ing so far?
Can i play too? even though i dont know how
good
Can I join in on this? I want to play the recurring villain that the party has no chance of defeating until they reach about level 20ish :D
sure!
I have no clue how either Celestia!
okay what do i do?
whose side am I on
We're just wingin it! :D
yknow 18 str for kayne
if there are sides
etc
what do you want to be celestia?
Lord Celestia
Lord of Equestria
Everypony is on our side. :3
:D
nope
you're a regular pony
D:
you can be a earth, unicorn or pegasus and then you pick class
MAKE HIM AS NORMAL AS POSSIBLE
fine. Lord Celestia who lost his magic due to a disco fever
nope
this is medieval
aint no disco
PunchBolt, a pegasus pony
if you're a wizard maybe you can invent disco
hello
but only if you're like level 20
disco black magic?
imma be him
a noise wizard
PunchBolt
Chang: You blast enemies with your SICK BEATS.
im good with wind and speed and combat stuff
what class though?
you gotta be more specific..
Celestia, Chang wouldn't let me be a Pants Wizard, either :[
Good Celestia, now I wanna play >.>
we need to have a skype going soon
PEGASUS CLASS, look a the pic silly
thts how it works right?
pick one of those
I should make a bard pony so we know what I look like
i described you
fair, slightly curly blonde mane
Now if only I could play a warforged pony.
handsome
oh god
average height
and annoying
:D
Ima make a picture anyways > : 3
im the dungeon master
I know what a bard pony looks like. *Loads Swarm of the Century and skips to the end*
/me does the worm
lol
Can I be that annoying pixie that pops in to bug people?
for anyone who didnt look at my piture, im a blue pegasus with blue and black hair and a black vest and cape and im good at flying extremely fast, mastering wind, and combat expert.
you mean Navi?
http://media.photobucket.com/image/Samuel%20L%20Jackson%20pony/Phovoula/ponydemoman.jpg
heres what my pony looks like
no mrChang. Navi is dead. forever. (and delicious. forever.)
except without the explosives
demo-pony?
Like Robin's minstrals?
lol a black paladin? nice
so anyway, what do the rest of the thugs do?
/me creates a tornado and knocks down a lotta trees
ok
The Foul Mouthed Paladin.
who really wants to join
tell me now before i start again
Samule Mother fuckin Jackson
Brave sir robin ran away
/me casts a spell on LordCelestia
bravely ran away away
[Will save plx]
nobody?
alright then
Does that mean Celestia is banned? < : 3
what did the spell do
Depends on whether you succeed on your saving throw :D
he just can't actually be celestia or any other sort of god pony
the 3 thugs have become demoralized due to their leader almost beaten to death
Im punchbolt
was chat offline earlier?
they all get -2 damage and -3 on attack rolls
what sort of class? we could use a thief or a ranger type
rolling for thugs
:D
maybe like a pegasus who uses a bow
IT WORKED!
OH MYGOD
fly around raining arrows everywhere
IT SEEMS THE INTERVIEW WAS REMOVED FROM THE FRONTPAGE
@sexymeter Silvermane
6Silvermane is 7757671% sexy.
lol, guess not
woooot
2,14 didn't they already post that?
i changed my name to make it easier
lol and there it is again?
Hahahahaha, Derma
yes
waitaminute
it seemed to have been accidentally deleted
QUESTION NOTHING.
ok
so i can't connect to irc.ponychan.net
2,14 ah
Almost done listening
final call for D&D participation before i resume the session
who's in
I am so happy right now, you guys
How many are playing so far?
2
Night everyone
paladin and bard
hey
2,14 good night dari
Nighty night, sweet prince
sleep well dari
im back with a new name
9hey guys
9I finally found it
I'm almost done
Huh. Well, then, I'll join in as... a SORCERER!
/me is reading It's Dangerous Going Out Your Door
yes NewDCD?
YAY
show it
9the reason why Snails is a Real Robot Type
Linky linky DCD
9http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/22385?search=snails
9>Read the comments
I loved it EspyLacopa
For a while, since my WoW server's offline~
I likes my numbers too much to play without them.
so we have a sorc
and punchbolt..
what does punchbolt do?
whats his class?
It's a bolt that punches people?
monk?
Sup?
lawl NewDCD
I suppose I can use lay on hooves to heal people in a pinch
PunchBolt: Cousin of Rainbow Dash, enjoys flying fast and masters wind abilities sometimes. He is a combat expert as well
(If you like, I can double as the thiefy character)
MrChang, if you ever want a random NPC...
The CMC would be Super Pilots
<_<
thanks silver :D
(bard with benefits)
lrdcelestia...
They'd fly a ponified version of Getter Robo
no referencing FiM ponies...
and no mastering abilities
in d&d you need to have some sort of a class.
we're all levl 1
9I thought about that as well, once
so, how about that season 2
9but then I thought
Btw, odds are the self-righteous religious warrior is going to pick a fight with me and get himself killed,what with their class restrictions and everything
fine take out the RBD part and im just good at wind
what class?!
pegasus
9Applebloom in the Temjin, Scootaloo in the Crossbone, and Sweetie on a Fire Valk
I'm only self-righteous in the face of INJUSTICE
FLYING?
i said class....
Done listening now
CLASS
/me is an Earth Pony Bard.
what are my choices!!!!
Seriously, guys, listen to that interview :P
like thief, monk, fighter, paladin, ranger
fighter, ranger, thief, monk
But I'M an Earth Pony Bard D:
whats the most fighting badass one?
9you're going to need a dicre rolla
fighter
Oh well, can't have too many bards
depends on what you want to do
imma fighter
Don't mind this humble janitor then.
okay
MrChang, im the class that gets to sit back and watch everyone argue. :P
so
does that mean im a good guy?
/me explodes
yes
are there "good guys" per se?
depends on what kind of good guy you want to be
yo guys I'm out
you better be a good guy when the paladin is watching
have a nice evening
bye
we're all heroes in one way or another
/me hugs everypony
night Zephirdd
cya
or you'll get a justice boot in the face!
if you're bad, the paladin will smite you
alright excellent
Bye Zephirdd
okay so lets go on an adventure or something
leggo leggo
LAWL that quit message
we're in the middle of one
Night Zeph!
we're fighting in a tavern
okay
role call!
/me meets you guys and offers to join your adventure
:D
Cambot!
whomever is in the session
Gypsy!
Chang, do you have an idea to bring the othes in?
Tom Servo!
state your char name
Samule motherfuckin Jackson the paladin earth pony
Crooooooooooooooow!
Maybe one of them could be the sacrifice we save?
PUNCHBOLT, FLYING BADASS
:D
or they could just be hanging out in the inn and see the fighting
so we have punchbolt, sir kayne, jimmy bravebottom
Perhaps we should make a new room for this or something so people can chat and we can play without interfering with each other
ill make one?
Have you finished listening, Dermathil?
/me is what it says on the tin.
actually no
I suggest #themoon
Jimmy Brave Bottom, Spouter of Tales, Exceptionally Annoying Minstrel to Sir Kayne
ill make it
YEAH THE MOON
wait can i?
Two votes for the moon
i went to the moon
/me may not actually be a bard. Maybe a rogue instead.
how do i make a new room?
Just say something with # beside it
join room
done
wait
we went to the moon
any mods here?
dari? tavi? DCD?
thats where we dnd
Nope
not yet, RP
i want permission for an official bronystate D&D room
I think I'm 19/20 of the way
to #themoon for RP for now
Cool
>mfw a comment in the EqD thread makes me wonder and shiver in fear at the same time.
Oh man that interview... somuchpony.gif is how I feel.
9I'm here
9what is it?
Dermathil, what comment? ;~;
lol what comment, Dermathil?
Natleyn: a comment about stuff in the works making a splash
Oh, that
No worries. >w>
HAHA
I would love G4 sea ponies, though :P
yeah, but the SHOOBEDOO SHOOB SHOOBEDOO
lolol
11Dammit it made me log out
11im back tho
2,14 colors are for mods punch
0whoops
ohay Razyn
Is someone doing Sea Pony songs?
colors?
Ohai, PinkiePie
0i thought i was still in the private chat
2,14 :P
0somebody reinvite me dammit
*RobotPinkie
#themoon
RobotPinkie: they are doing the goodbys
SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
So are you as pumped as I am? :P
omfg so awesome
I'm on some serious pony high right now...
/me is crying rainbow tears
Oh the implied stuff that he spoke of
Oh indeed
my god he mentioned watching the S2 FINALE a few days back.
and more background story for the world, omfg
@roll 20
6Silvermane rolls a 1
Hah
@roll 20
6Natleyn rolls a 19
>w>
/nick works!?
Yes.
Natural 1 Silvermane... you dun goofed
hey Razyn!
For now, anyway.
Hi, Dermathil~
Silvermane: FUMBLE
@roll 20
6Razyn rolls a 20
0we're playing dungeons and ponies on #themoon
/me was trying to pick his nose. He got his brain. -4 intelligence
CRIT
Boosh
0come if you're interested
@roll 20
6Razyn rolls a 5
Natural 20 omfg
@roll 20
6Dermathil rolls a 5
Damn, couldn't confirm it
@roll 100
6RobotPinkie rolls a 14
@roll 20
6Natleyn rolls a 3
;~:
I don't play by the crit confirm rule.
Well, Spot Hidden starts at 20 I think
@roll 20
6Dermathil rolls a 15
So I succeeded
@roll 20
6Razyn rolls a 18
They see me rollin'. They hatein'
/me 0wonders if an RPG could be played here
this server is rejecting my xchat >:/
An RPG (of SOME sort) is being played in #themoon >_>
0xchat?
xchat's an irc client
@pony What has two wings, clucks, and tastes like buffalo wings? Why it
6 What has two wings, clucks, and tastes like buffalo wings? Why it is 10Trix11ie
/me goes to visit #themoon by flying up there on his rocket lawnchair.
HAHA.
Rocket lawn chair.
Nice.
could an op check to see if there's a zline on an ip for me?
Natleyn, that thing is in my posession since June.
But but
Metal Slug!
I need some pony right now...
/me loads up the Season 1 playlist in VLC
Feels bad man.
Whats up, Allis?
Didn't get the approval to finance the stupid laptop through the Lenovo website :p
Awww :(
/me hugs AllisZero
Funny how you can't get loans because you don't have credit history
And you can't build a history if you don't have loans :P
/me hugs back
That sucks :(
i got a history by being a cosigner
Yeah. Got mine stolen from inside my room, inside my own home
So not very happy about that
;~;
Again, me bed, must, go.... Speech, turn, Shatner....
'night WhatPayne!
/me hugs WhatPayne goodnight
night WhatPayne
aw, g'night
I'm gonna be a bit afk, physics studies and pony eps running in the background.
Night yos
Right RP
Listening to the interview now.
I might go to bed soon, so good night to you if I don't see you till then.
Took long enough to load my friggin' music.
Well, now I can walk around and listen to music.
feelsgood.jpg
9Oh God I had the greatest idea for my fic
Oh?
9it's an idea that involves Big Macintosh and an "Orbital Bombardment Buster Weapons Platform"
You will now spill all your secrets
9and SPAAAAAAAACE
wat
9just imagine Big Macintosh beamspamming you FROM SPACE!
At least space is clean.
0.0
Pontang, this is the mane channel on this network, right?
Yes
:p
9...that's going to be like 35 chapters from now though
It's the network lobby
9since I'm gunning for like 50
Ah, I see
/me 9should start writing Chapter 5...
Lol
haha
Seems to be rather overshadowed by BronyState ATM
9yeah
9this WILL take a while
9but still
9I like foreshadowing from really, really early
Most network lobbies are.
9basically the chapters released so far are foreshadowing up the ass
It's ok DCD, I know how my novel ends, but I'm not yet sure on how it begins.
Once the Big Mac is put into mass production...
Well, back to swinging around a machete on Dead Island I suppose :P
=p
NewDCD What's the name of your fic again?
9Kamen Rider Wyburn
9Yes, it's one of THOSE fics
Lol
9that said
9it basically plays with a Human/Pony World duality
9A pony that goes into the Human world turns into a human, and vice-versa
9it's also a war story
9so it's a two-front war
Ah, found it! You're on chapter 4 of 50?
9gonna write Chapter 5
That may take awhile :P
9or
>_>
I should take note from you guys, really
Oh, it hasn't been updated on EqD yet?
I hardly wrote 3 chapters of my novel, in summarized format
In the last 7 years.
I really should work on my The Big Pink fic
9"How I justify the fact that I had a likeable Blueblood in my fic before he appeared in the series, and how I turn that into a character arc that might actually drop a few jaws"
9RDash: Yeah, Sethisto told me he had added it to the queue....like two months ago
AllisZero; It's practice.
Back to working on cursors...
For me it's the age-old dilemma,
I'm not a good writer, to add on the fact english isn't my first language.
I used to be an exceptional writer in portuguese, but I'm below average when it comes to english :|
You need an editor. :l
I'd volunteer myself if I wasn't obsessively pursuing other things right now.
Naw, it's alright. Thank you though
But yes I do, but none of my friends are interested in doing it.
Or can, actually give me feedback as most aren't native english speakers themselves
I'm a decent writer, and a good editor, or so I've been told.
Runs in the family or something.
Haha nice
My family also has some good writers
Actually my grandma's side of the family, most of her siblings have either written books or practice law
i would be a horrible lawyer
I'm a decent writer, as long as I don't have to write about myself
Jayson*
"the defendant is obviously guilty" ...."yah? well your mom is obviously guilty >:/"
haha
/me likes the part where they all screwed the rules
Anyone who's listened to the interview: "Ya kno"
Screw the money I have rules.
Yeah trollight
Alright, time for me to go to bed
Cya everypony
I'm gonna head to bed folks, kinda disappointed right now.
Nighty night, RDash!
Night RDash
Good night everypony
Night RDash
And AllisZero
Octavia http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-7d0SaPZuI-c/Tm6IZV2LMsI/AAAAAAAAMC4/r4lo-n5UW0Y/s1600/notes_on_fire_by_siansaar-d49nbgd.jpg
Nighty night, AllisZero!
It's you and best pony
/me hugs AllisZero and RDash
Later guys.
Night Zero
@sexymeter Silvermane
:(
Yeah, he gone
He left a while back, yup
aww...
/me pats Silvermane
hey, think we can watch a 417 minute movie if I win the lotto?
0Why? o-o
0What movie?
well... technically it was a mini-series, but it is compiled into a movie format now
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0207275/
...
0... oh, that.
Why do I now want to write aHellsing style fic with Nightmare Moon serving as Alucard?
0Because
0FUCKING ALUCARD.
0And 'cause ponies are everywhere anyway
Alucard is best Castlevania.
http://youtu.be/7m3I2s7-mko Also this
It's ponychat, not ponychan
0^So much YES
Is this our permanent server?
9FLUTTERSHY, TRUE TO HER FEELINGS.
Freaking thing won't save the nickname I want to use and instead uses my real name
Catching up on 5 days in 1 day, it's just not fun...
0ffffffffffffff.
Fuck physics, I'm gonna levitate from now on
0Fuck transparency. Fuck it all
0Better yet
0The background
0Damn those checkered tiles
That too.
0I like how I made the most mistakes when I was sitting here reading chat and placing each pixel one by one
0The best stuff was at the end when I was just clicking and undo-ing like a madman while listening to the SF4 soundtrack and giving no fucks
is there anything streaming atm? I can't see anything if there is
Not that I know of
0Nope.
taco salad :3
0Jelly.
0Well... maybe not so much.
Going to bed. Bye guys
Bye Rainbow-Dash
0Nighty night Rainbow-Dash!
/me 0hugs Rainbow-Dash goodnight
Hey everypony!
0Hiya SuperBrony64
Awww, just missed Rainbow-Dash :(
So, what's new?
who all here plays minecraft?
I do.
0Not anymore >.>
enough people to justify me getting my minecraft server back up?
I've wanted to play it…but I would like to try a demo first before I buy the game.
0Distracted by Terraria, then other things
But the demo won't work for some reason on my computer.
SuperBrony64, you can play singleplayer for free
oh
ctrlx, Yeah, but I can't get it to work :/
welp... there's a few reasons that it might be
P:
you have java installed? your graphics card able to handle it?
So far, I've watched the Season 2 preview clip 37 times and I say we really need to push Season 2 to today...
preview clip?
D:
Of My Little Pony: FiM Season 2
is it that gif image of greybow dash?
CURSE YOU JAYSON THEISSEN
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2JbJvO_1hvU <--In case someone has not seen it yet
Purple`Prose: IKR?
0Posting spoilers is asking for a ban :<
Nat: It's not a spoiler, just a preview clip.
^
omg speaking of spoilers. i heard that dumbledore dies D:>
0>_>
It was posted by The Hub, not randomly leaked into the internet by some user.
god my internet is so slow
I don't think it matter where the spoilers come from
9also guys
9http://a3.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/s720x720/303765_2184411007390_1160442515_32124576_1497997635_n.jpg
though you did say what it was before posting the link, so it should be fine
Besides that, don't open it if you don't want to know who a certain character is going to be in the episode...
0Spoiler is slang for any element of any summary or description of any piece of fiction that reveals any plot element which will give away the outcome of a dramatic episode within the work of fiction, or the conclusion of the entire work. It can also be used to refer to any piece of information regarding any part of a given media.
i would say it's fine
my spoiler is worse than his. even if it's from harry potter instead
:x
Is that from an official Batman comic?
I don't want to watch it, though. :P
That Thiessen interview, however...
That was epic
0I'm still listening <3
9yeah 64, from the DC Reboot thing
RobotPinkie, you got a link for that?
NewDCD, Oh wow, so they kill 'that' person?
9apparently they removed his face surgically so he can fuck up with Bats even more
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/exclusive-season-2-audio-interview-with.html
0Sweet mother of Celestia, I'm gonna have to hold off watching season one
RobotPinkie, thakns
Nat: Why?
Oh, for the marathon, right?
9naw Joker is the one saying "it felt Fangasmic"
/me is watching Season 1 right now
0Dat interview
You don't understand how much I love ponies...
I don't understand why The Hub is playing MLP at 6 AM. Even as a kid, I wouldn't get up at that hour.
it's at 7am here
but it plays like 4 times in one day
ctrlx, Mountain time, right?
SuperBrony64, central
6AM?
Central here
Hey guys
Ahhh
Hello Rayleonard
i dvr'd it :3
9it's 8AM over there I think
0It's 9am on a Saturday here, Super
9wasn't it 9AM EST?
0That's about right for every saturday cartoon, ever
I hope iTunes has the Season Pass available the day it comes out.
9AM Eastern?
For sure? O_O
Nat: Yeah, but PST has it on at 6 AM
i believe they have it back to back too
Androecian: Yeah
AAAAGH dammit I'm going to have to stay up all night.
Worth it though :D
Don't forget about the Season 1 Marathon before the premiere of Season 2 here.
0Well, poor PST children.
O_O Where and when is that SB64?
0And/or bronies.
I don't think I can stay up for that...
0I WILL DRINK
0ALL THE COFFEE
After Brony Movie Night Androecian
I'll try though, I'm gonna power nap right before the marathon
Nice, proper usage of caps throughout the statement *high fives self*
This is my first visit to this page. Dunno what Brony Movie Night is :/
and then loads of caffeine
0For a moment, I got the feeling I WAS an artist
Brony Movie Night happens every Friday in the evening. It consists of two movies played along with two episodes of MLP:FiM
Ahh :D
One "A" Movie and one "B" Movie
0Sitting here, focusing on music and drawing without thinking too hard.
Though this Friday there won't be 2 episodes
This week's "A" movie is Blade Runner, while the "B" movie is *shrugs* My Little Pony: The Movie
there will be EVERY episode
What RobotPinkie said, there will be a Season 1 Marathon after the movies up until the premiere of Season 2 @ 9 AM EST
0 46 minutes in >.>
0God, I knew this was long, but...
0OH CRAP.
0I mean Celestia.
Haha, I wished it were longer, personally
…what?
/me 0shifty eyes
9I'll do the only reasonable thing
9STREAM ALL OF S1
9IN MY SLEEP
NewDCD, do you have the magic to do so?
LIKE A BAWZ
Such an awesome interview
I tried cooking an omelet in my sleep, but then I died...
True story.
Seems legit.
0What are feet
0Pro, Nittany, pro.
Stupid lame wireless.
Hmm…what's a Ping timeout?
Already did.
That's when the IRC server gets no response from the client
takes too long for hte client to respond
^
Oh, what.
So it delays the time for reconnection by 246 seconds?
lol do wat?
Or whatever time the mighty server demands
Well, the time for reconnecting with the same name if you crash, yeah.
no that's how long it took to timeout
No, that's how long the client hasn't heard back from that nick.
no, this is patrick
I see...
Then in that case…is this the Krusty Krab?
no, this is patrick!
Twilight eating flower petals is so cute.
:33
RobotPinkie: I liked that moment from The Ticket Master.
But I would be doing the same too if I hadn't eaten all day
0Robot, link?
Like SuperBrony64 said, it's in the episode "Ticket Master"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDhJdGwPPx0 Go to 11:15
I CAN'T DECIDE!
In general in the whole episode, I can relate to her frustration
0D'awwww <3
I love how Celestia gives her two tickets knowing she has five friends.
trollestia
lol yeah, if there was ever any doubt Celestia likes trolling...
more tea?
I like how Angel keeps Fluttershy in check, too :P
In fact, I love how every problem in most episodes of the show can be resolved with just some common sense.
But then again, where's the moral in that?
they're learning valuable lessons!
people don't always have common sense.
actually, we all are o-o
More people need to watch FiM, clearly!
When you try to please everypony, you end up pleasing no-pony at all.
/me nods
0Double troll: Invite Twilight and friends to GGG, only giving her two tickets, knowing GGG is kinda terrible
So…I guess it's better to not talk to the ponies at the farm near me.
Haha, yup
but it did still turn out to be the best night ever
0At the doughnut shop. >w>
0Ffffffff, I want donuts
Well, I think Celestia really does things she thinks will teach Twilight good lessons about life...
I doubt we'll ever get an awesome movie night like last week with Rocky Horror Picture Show and True Romance...
Yup, that's a lineup that's gonna be hard to beat
i don't think i like either of those
We need a Rocky Horror Picture Show Double Feature
>_>
…What did you say ctrlx?
lol
i'm picky with my movies
NOPE
I'm done listening to you
kk
0To the moon?
I'll stay on this side of the Internet, while you can stay on your side.
guesso
/me shrugs
*draws line*
0LordCelestia where are you when we need dat cannon
/me picks up the line and runs with it
hahaha weeee!
Pikachu, cast THUNDER BOLT at ctrlx
0LordCelestia here. just checkin in on everypony
0hey superbrony :D
Lol, imposter.
It's not very effective...
0no its really me haha
I can clearly see your name tag...
altnick
MR. PUNCH_BOLT
0yeah thats why i said "LordCelestia here"
Oh well in that case
0im RPGing in a private chat
0dont make me send u to the moon again
0RIGHT.
0cause i will
Hello every pony! It's BATMAN here! Excuse me while I cue my own theme song
0We need a moony sendoff for ctrlx
DAN NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA BATMAN!
0inb4nananananananananana
0DAMN
0hey ctrlx, do you like bananas?
wait lemme get my computer packed
0u.u
Punch_Bolt, they're ok. but i don't really like fruit in general
Nat: You're no match for my NANANANA abilities.
apples are good though
0i got some bananas here
0in my banana bag
i'm eating taco salad
/me is led to believe that some of these people need to be sent to the moon.
0so you are a mmmmm beeyetch that likes mm bananas
I've like plantains, is that perfectly acceptable?
Moon Cannon Version 4 ACTIVATE.
0a
GUYS I KNOW IM GOING TO THE MOON JUST LET ME GET MY COMPUTER PACKED UP FIRST
D:>
0ctrlx so you DONT like bananas?
and i'm also going to need someone to point a strong wifi signal at me
Whimsy..... has arrived *dramaticness*
TrollightSparkle: Better have Spike report it to the Princess at once.
Punch_Bolt, nah not really. i'll still eay one every so often though
Bolt, where did you even get bananas?
Too late.
R-Zack, from the banana store
0from my banana bag
0well, ctrlx, you aint gonna be goin to any banana stores.
0ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
/me 0launches ctlrx to the moon
/me steals LordCelestia's cannon and fires ctrlx at the moon.
0BEEYEETCH
GOOD ;-; I DONT WANT YOUR STINKING BANANAS
can someone shoot my comp up here too?
/me 0launches a banana at ctlrx
ohgodpleaseno
/me plants banana
\:|/
Mmm…I think I could go for some hay fries as well…
/me 0launches 100 bananas at ctlrx
Wait…why couldn't they just use potatoes...
/me makes a banana orchard
0btw this is LordCelestia. im RPGing in another chat so just imagine its me
dude i love potatos
Hello
Sweet
Oh hello, how are you holding up? Because I'm a POTATO.
0hey barry its me, LordCelestia (my name is different)
Nobody taking my identity
I read
hey guys can i like....come back down now?
Hello, Potato_TrollightSparkle
TrollightSparkle: I've been busy being dead…you know…after you MURDERED ME!
I'm joking
How is everyone?
well i'm stuck on hte moon because of....idr
ctrlx_moon: NO, your mission is to defeat all the Onion Men.
What was that I couldn't hear you over my name change.
0meeeee
some movie and bananas
/me 0hugs PotatoSparkle, careful not to crush her
Did that potato in the corner of the room just talk?
SuperBrony64, well that's easy. onions don't make me cry
There aren't any onion men on the moon, though. They're all located on Triton
0 4 minutes left in interview ;~;
0the moon is a giant onion
Interview Nat?
There it is again!
Punch_Bolt, ohmygod
0Check Equestria Daily, it's stickied to the top
I could swear it was talking towards us...
/me starts punching the moon
I'm a potato. Talking to you SuperBrony.
ctrlx_moon: HEY, Luna says stop it or you will be banished to the dark side of the moon.
*le magic*
... ... ... ...STOP MOCKING ME!! *blasts moon to spacedust*
Lol DBZ abrdiged reference XD
PotatoSparkle: Oh well, if you can't beat 'em, eat 'em!
....../me walks over to the dark side himself to save everyone the trouble
/me eats PotatoSparkle
\:|/
Take that moon. Perfect orbit my ASS
0Nope. *recreates moon8
0*trollface*
ohgodwhatisthisidonteven
Too late. You are now a cannibal Super.
I'm glad you liked that
alright, i'm gonna go code and game
TrollightSparkle: Is it really a cannibal act to eat a pony? *evil music plays*
if a pony eats a pony, yes
Backing away now..
Pinkie Pie doesn't think so.
Oh God, look what I did. *evil music plays*
Pinkia Pie's batshit crazy anyway
she doesn't count
OH SHI-
0alright im done RPGing
Barry: So…if you're crazy, eating other organisms of your own species isn't cannibalism?
0Trollight, please tell mee you have your report on friendship today
*evil music plays*
what are cannibals if not crazy?
Oh hey, and to all you who have Steam and would like to add someone else, add CaveJohnson.
Cause I'll soon be switching back to PC gaming again :)
Barry: Hungry patrons?
TrollightSparkle: Don't do it! Use Macs, we have Tetris now!
... ... ... ... STOP THAT!! b*lasts you*
Lawl Mac
0TrollightSparkle, please tell me you have a report on friendship today... or ill see you to the moon again.
I can't afford a Mac anyways.
Aw crap, no report..
Alright then, I know the drill.
/me climbs into moon cannon.
0You know what time it is.
Ask Applejack for a discount, she deals with a number of Apple products.
Adventure Time?
...
I sell apples and apple accesorries.
0OFF TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
/me 0launches TrollightSparkle to the moon
There's a star. There's another one. Star. Star.
0Non-frienship reporting beeyeetch!
0Ugh, the Lord's work is never done.
Oh dear, why is it every time I'm on here, I get hungry :/
*teleports back to ground* lawl umadbro?
0Would you like some bananas?
0WOAH. WOOAH
Why actually yes, Bananas are quite delicious and nutritious.
0woahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoahwoah. woah.
So…you all out of bananas?
http://img.ffffound.com/static-data/assets/6/2c654eaa043f052f1867dc9ea5fb14744399776c_m.jpg
0I forgot, unicorns can just telport. But yes i have more bananas
what the hell?! Nonononononononono NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
0would you like to find out where I am keeping them?
LordCelestia: Why yes, because if I know the location of the Bananas then I can go and grab one to eat.
Family Guy reference this time
0I have a banana suit.
/me 0gives banana suit to Barry
0start dancing when i launch him.
Zoidberg: Your shows are bad and you should feel bad!
0now go find moraccas.
*tosses banana suit away*
0YOU DARE DEFY THE BANANA
Well, I guess if you don't have any bananas or know location of said bananas I will be leaving then...
Yes!
@LordCelestia maracas*
0fine. you can go with him.
0^thx
/me walks out of castle
0^smart
0barry, do you like bananas?
Yes. But not enough to search some out
0So you are a lazy beeyetch that likes bananas
That's putting it bluntly, but yes
0well good. 'cuz you about to go bananas.
0cannon pops up
wat?
0ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH
Why hasn't the line-up for the movies this week been updated on the main site?
/me 0launches Barry to the moon
0BEEEYEETCH
Well hell.
0*maniacal laughter*
/me uses magic to teleport Barry back to the ground.
Plus I don't see any advertisements for the special Season 1 Marathon / Season 2 Premiere
So uh.. you mad bro?
0Dammit it isnt going well today
I was just about to try teleporting
though it would be a different brand of teleportation
0I know where you can all practice teleporting
0ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH
/me 0launches EVERYBODY to the moon
0*maniacal laughter*
0haa next pony
FFF
/me 0starts lazily flying back
0*castle is empty*
0oh...
0bummer.
/me is not here to be launched to the moon, please leave a message after the tone.
/me focuses his ki and searches out the nearest life force off of the moon.*
0Hey, superbrony64? it's me. Lord Celestia. listen, ive been wondering when youre interested in bein launched to the moon again son. its beena little while, and my cannon misses you. call me back bro!
0*again soon
funny thing actually. i started up mass effect and i forgot my last save was....on the moon
/me returns to game
How strange.
At the tone, please record your message.
.
0Guys, i must retire to bed for the night.
BEEP
0night everyone
/me finds LordCelestia's signature and starts flickering.* Cya on the planet!
Night LordCelestia!
Night Celestia, I'll watch over your canon to make sure nobody else uses it
*disappearsand reappearsat the castle
0Night LordCelestia
Now then…*walks over to canon*
$5 Canon Rides NO WAITING!
*stumbles a bit.* Hoo, that took more out of me than I thought.
but at least I now know I can do Shunkan Ido.
http://youtu.be/xNU7Cny_I_A
0guys
0D&P session we're having
0its epic
D&P?
dungeons and ponies
…I'm confused
like dungeons and dragons, i presume
0yeah
0just ponies because
Are you playing that in a chat room?
0we're bronies here
0yes
all you need is a dice bot :3
Really? I'm interested.
May I join?
0im using my dice to roll for everybody
0uhh sure
0but pm me
0and tell me your class etc
DungeonMaster_Chang, i can get a dicebot in there for you guys. gimme a few
I just PM'ed you.
I guess we not D&Ping
SuperBrony64, just give him some time :P
Superbrony64, is that name supposed to symbolize something?
Friendship.
I meant like a video game
D&Ping?
I wish. But it just is a combination of my love for Nintendo and MLP:FiM
Dungeon & Ponying. Don't ask me
Hi
ah
Hi Flutterbro
What's up FlutterBro?
Hey there Flutterbro
I'm just checking the chat.
and actually doing some homework
I have to find a bunch of cool stuff I want and put it on a "Vision Board"
Vision Board?
A bunch of stuff you want pretty much.
Ok, i see
What kind of homework you have FlutterBro?
It's for a kinda selfimprovment class.
Sounds interesting...
Ooo, streaming! Is that a Patricia Martin icon I saw? :O
0Le gasp!
0Streamins
IT'S MAGIC, I AIN'T GOTTA EXPLAIN SHIT
I'm going to a charter school right now so the administration is about 5 times more awesome
okay
Oh hai NewDCD
and it's supposed to actually prepare people for life.
9I was worried using Adblocker would fuck up the aspect ratio due to eliminating the ad on top of the stream
9but it doesn't
9so yes
9I can recommend
9"For Optimal Experience, Please install and activate Adblocker in your browser"
Sounds interesting.
yay adblock pro
>mfw BIG O
what did I missÉ
?
Really…so…we need to install Ad Blocker?
:P
also, no sound?
...Guys, I just found something awesome
Hi Newdcd
Andrew WK did a cover of the Mickey Mouse March.
Yeah, no sound.
Andrew WK?
9Andrew WK is a total bro
9he made a freaking Gundam 30th Anniversary Album
Andrew WK is basically a heavy metal version of Pinkie PIe
9Soldiers of Sorrow by Andrew WK = Ore no penisu
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0fLojt3HIo
For those who watch CN, Andrew WK hosts Destroy,Build, Destroy!
I'm serious. Read his Twitter.
He is Metal Pie
Pretty sweet. Not Destroy Build Destroy, I mean Andrew WK
or Moshie Pie
Someone said Gundam, I must intrude.
I don't like Heavy Metal :/
Blasphemy.
Dude, listen to the song I linked
I did
I did
Ninja'd O-o
XD
/me jumped
0boop
And here come the skype sounds
0BOOP
0Skype group. ;~;
/me 0now feels left out
/me hugs Nat because he knows that feel.
9it's a Staff Skype Group
/me knows the same
/me 0hugs TrollightSparkle
9we've been thinking on making a general Group for our viewers
0Oh.
9so they can get news really quickly
Well, how does one become one with the staff?
9but we haven't had the chance to organize that yet
9well, you could become a mod by filling the mod application form and passing an interview..
@SuperBrony I believe becoming a mod?
There's a form?
9or you could show us some special talent of yours that could help the site somehow
9and we can consider adding you into our staff
9for modding, there is
I do like modding.
9for streaming S2/graphic design department/other logistics, there isn't
Where's the application?
http://twitter.com/#!/AndrewWK Further proof Andrew WK is related to Pinkie Pie.
9lemme get the app
Well…I'm good in Math…is that a special talent?
okay, time to sleep
Night FreezeFrame
/me 0hugs FreezeFrame goodnight
Night FreezeFrame
night
You're leaving Purple?
hey Kabaka
I think Purple was just issuing a good night to FreezeFrame
Oh, ok.
Quite the common misconception
Hmm…I'm hearing strange noises...
6Hallo Polarfire~
ohai VV
Hello VioletVanilla
how's it going?
Hello to the both of you.
A special hello to mib_6q4oxi
Hi VioleVanilla
VioletVanilla*
I can't keep track, so I'ma just say hello to all those that are here.
6It is going well, very tired, working on things. Almost 6AM again, of course. . . =.=
6How is everypony here?
lawl.
good : D
Very good..
0Hiya Violet!
/me 0hugs VioletVanilla
So how is this thing working? I'm not even sure at what time S2 airs in GMT -6
0Well, EST is -5 IIRC, so 8am, Saturday 17th
GMT -6? So you're MST too Beast?
Mexico City.
Oh :P
Yeah, I think it's MST.
I'm the only brony up here in the mountains ._.
I hope I'm not hungover this saturday.
Wouldn't be able to enjoy it as much as I should.
/me hugs Nat~ :3
6The premiere will air 9AM EST actually everypony.
0^.^
0Shame I'm going to bed so soon. :<
Are you really? :c
0Yeah. 5.5~ hours of sleep isn't that great anyway
3 is fine
But that's what coffee is for :P
^
6I only get about 2 if I get to bed here soon. . .
VioletVanilla, it'll be easier to stay up
0Coffee doesn't actually help...
I would say take little naps throughout the day then.
one powernap
You don't know the wonders a 30-45 minute nap has on your mind.
more than one and you would start to crave sleep more
^
yesterday i worked a 12h shift after 24h no sleep
energy driiiiinks~
Lawl, I have never drunk an energy drink in my life.
/me does not drink these energy drinks, and she is working nine hours.
6Good for you Trollight, they can help at times, but also can be just as bad.
VioletVanilla, just keep your mind going on something. stay active. drink....whatever will help you stay awake.
and you can crash when you get home :D
i'm so bad to my body
I usually listen to heavy heavy metal stuff like Five Finger Death Punch to stay awake, if needed.
Rain``?
smoking, energydrinks/soda, not eating half the time, lack of sleep, and other little things
0Force of will is all I have, really. That and movement.
0... eeh.
i haven't drank alcohol in forever though.
Know what's fun? Spinning in one of those spinny chairs :3
i'm behind on my quota....
hmm?
TrollightSparkle, i do that at work all the time
/me 0hugs VioletVanilla before gathering some blankets and plopping down haphazardly in them
or do wheelchair wheelies around the halls
ah, sooooo that's where you have been hiding, in plain sight all along
Lol, i wish I had a desk job to be able to do that at times.. or a job in itself -_-
i work at a nursing home answering phones / watching the doors
lol
but i also do bitch office work and IT stuff
nice to know you still visit
but in the evening i do have quite a bit of downtime so i can dick around
of course i do
:D so what's up with you tonight?
9>Trixie's favorite pony
9so, Trixie?
9also gotta go now
9night folks
later
Night DCD
0Nights DCD
Nat, i thought you were bed?
TrollightSparkle, get a wheelchair and learn to do wheelies
and go into interviews with it
nothin much, you?
0I wanna get my mp3 player to work =^=
Nah, don't feel like risking cracking my head open :/
and when they ask you for your qualifications, just be like, I CAN DO THIS *wheelie*
TrollightSparkle, i've only fallen once
I always listened to my music when I worked in a grocery store, my superiors didn't complain.
But then again, I did go back in the wet coolers and reconsolidate everything :P
