For..for me? Are there muffins inside??
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps CogWeaver
/me stolls away from his keyboard for a minute
I'll leave when you do, then.
!mail Lyra socks
I think they'd look nice on you, Lyra.
/me *strolls
LOL!
Mail delivered! Thank you for using the Derpy Mail Service 6_9
/me jumps slightly, startled. "Oh hey there Fluttershy."
It's only a few more minuets, so my mom at least probably doesn't care. :p
don't taze me bro!
But they're all old and worn out and tattered.
Gives them charm, I guess
Did he just die from a tazer shot? :0
Derpy should write a book about the variety of muffins
!mail LunaOnTheMoon shoes
i want my PTX-140R Hardballer SooooOOOOooo bad
...and now I have sox.
What the hay.
that dude is so black he's blue
RIP Afro.
Sorry, I only carry mail for identified ponies.
oh laws
lawd*
/me smiles. ^^ "Hi."
15Let's see, other things about wings...
the ponies in socks meme is dead guys
thank you crimsonFoxx...but I already have some slippers I wear..
4hey Fluttershy
Ohp, still alive
everyone knows it's ponies in sweaters that's the new meme
nah he still breathing.
/me dips herself in chocolate.
/me begs to differ. Luna in socks will always have a special place...
There, back to normal.
4they make you fly
and whats next?
I'm sorry. I'm done with my very important thing now. ^^
Ponies in Tanktops
Nah, socks will never die.
inb4giantguitarartifactthatdestroyedoldguy'shouse
0Behold, the best space ship ever. Eventually.
!link socks
idk what this is all about but i'm taking a strange liking to it
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/37315
according to Seth, socks is a dead meme
seth lies
best news set ever
of course, since when have we ever listened to Seth?
a meme never dies that fast.
and now comes the goverment agenets!
So like, 5-10 mins more?
Socks? I thought that the trend now was sweaters
In my opinion, no meme can truly die completely
Well... I'd better get ahead of the game
I think Seth has a sup-SKETCHY_SOUNDS *brohoof*-eriority complex.
seth has no concept of how a meme works because seth is not, in
Hopefully.
any
way
shape
or form
a channer
/me puts on a Tuque
15Naturally, consistent stimulation to the body will result in erect wings, called popfeather or a wingboner. younger pegasi can't control it at all, and typically the wings spread straight up and out. With practice, you can control it to be in any direction, although making it retract is something even I can't do yet
Stop the spam
What's a Tuque?
It's alright Shy-Shy. Glad you are back.
inb4 mute
I'll take a potato chip... AND EAT IT!!!
/me informs BonBon it's spelt toque (Canadian here i know what im talking about)
no mute, HotCocoa
not needed
Ooh
Me too. -sighs with relief-
YOU BLUE IT!
Heh, CogWeaver. You would've liked that picture.
^ <3
What did you have to do?
what is poutine?
(I'm canadian and I dont even know how to spell it)
HotCocoa its me, they know im a pretty cool guy eh :P
heh, I need to watch Death Note sometime
4that sounds like my....
Certain mods are pretty quick to pull the trigger when someone posts more than thre elines in a row.
4nevermind
Hm... I'll tell you in a bit depending on how it all works out for me. ^^
/me looks at Coz..
ninja'd :P
I haven't seen enough Death Note. Only a few episodes
I think it's a fried potato dish with sauces Dee, though i've never had the craving for it.
Toques look like upside down muffin cups
15During this time, bloodflow and electrical impulses are increased, so sensitivity is also increased.
so now they discover an FTL drive?!
15(and yes, very similar DecapKing)
/me brohoofs HotCocoa
13(my mom's on her...what 4th glass of wine? and she's being really rude, and even my dad is noticing she's not being reasonable)
neat, but i'm scard to try it
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poutine
Oki Doki Loki
/me hugs Silvermane. ^^
0Another tenish minutes
has there been a Wizard of Oz Spinoff? of MLP?
15(oh my)
Sketchy_Sounds: you're under no obligation to stream now since I caught a bit of it earlier at work.
4sounds like fun
I've always preferred sour and bitter myself
Fluttershy needs Courage
That looks like it'd be pretty good
too much colloidal silver
13(just because I'm not searching for jobs RIGHT NOW with my 3 hours of available time, she's berating me for not being able to find the information she just pulled up and threw in my face)
/me is about to lecture HotCocoa about poking at Coz when he does the best he can as a mod, but his attention is pulled away by the ADOWABLE APPLEJACK IN SOCK* /)^3^(\
/me hugs Fluttershy back. "Such a sweet filly"
I love cheese curds
YES! WE SHOT MUSICIANS INTO SPACE
Bye ladies
13(my dad, sitting next to her, was actually defending me BLESS HIS HEART, and she got upset that he wasn't on her side)
punch it blue boys!
A&W's Cheese curds in Chili ..yum
and they're like "oh wait didn't that guy kill everyone else in our race?"
/me distracts CogWeaver with more Applejack.
Yay! I finished my rainbow dash doodle, that turned into completed artwork. :D http://i832.photobucket.com/albums/zz241/Skipsy_Dragon/Drawings/RainbowDash.png
0What?
lol DecapKing, i see what you did thar
0He didn't.
Sometimes I have to watch my candymaking though. I've made ponies faces implode...
HotCocoa: Just as well, my flatmate is asleep and I don't wanna wake him.
68 minutes long, so this should be over soon.
Aww.
i think the craziest is cheesburger poutine,
thats awsom Skipsy
D:
4wait, where?
0Best
Not bad, Skipsy
frenchfries, gravy, chedder melty cheese, and bucking hamburger meat.
I guess he just killed everyone on the one ship
13(He's saying, 'well, I'd probably go there in person first,' wondering why she's saying that the internet is the final say on how to find it out, and why I'm not stupid for not looking at it immediately)
0Space
0Ship
0EVAR
not sure anymore. tired
that's awesome, Skipsy
lol oh sure now it closes.
yeah, smokes poutenirie has it locally
13then I said, 'well, we think kinda similarly on that'
hehe
13and my mom just got all huffy
DANG what is this?
Nice, Skipsy
yeah except the Enterprise E could fire a quantum torpedo and destroy it
My arteries are hardening just reading that
*yay*
Has anyone ever tried something called a loco moco?
We can fly through space... with the power of RAWK
What the hell is going on?
'Sup Cowguy.
moco... Mucas
yeah, this is the last song
Whhooooo Knooooows
13like 'fine, go away, do your stupid games and stuff upstairs, I'm about to take it away altogether'
A loco moco, CrimsonFoxx? Are you loco in the cocoa?
Lol BBG.
>.> is that the hair care product?
Well I'm gonna go
Hello cocoa.
PIR SHIELDS CAN'T TAKE DARKNESS OF THAT MAGNITUDE!
Take Care!
Always BBG.
13and she thinks I'm the unreasonable one...
bai Mongoose
15hrmm. sounds moderately worrisome
BBG comes in to save the day!
No, that's actually what it's called, it's a Hawaiian dish.
l8r Mongoose
oh my god..POUTINE AND SMOKED MEAT... http://smokespoutinerie.com/media/menuitems/2130575837.jpg
/me facehoof*
4im not sure what that sounds like
He's just like "I'm DEAD and I STILL have to save your asses"
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loco_moco
XD
^Kamina.
LOL!
< http://smokespoutinerie.com/Menu.aspx this is why canada is awesome and poutine is amazing
4im bad with reading emotions
!link happy
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/22831
13earlier today, she was saying 'How DARE you talk back to me, twisting my words with logic, I can damn well use leading questions if I want to, I'm your mother."
and now the entire story in a nutshell
Meat? I didnt know this "Canada" had meat trees
13its been a long day >.>
15buh... guh... huh?
"My ships shield's can't take fugly of that magnitude, so im saveing you. AGAIN."
ahahaha XD
"Even though I'm DEAD."
13she was asking questions that had only one answer, ie "Why do you want to be _____ kind of person?"
I've had Loco Moco before, it's really good.
WY WAS IS THERE A MUSLIM SINGLES AD UP IN HERE
13and the answer is: I don't, WELL WHY ARE YOU ACTING THAT WAY THEN?
"Yes! even though im dead and i somehow tackled him away from my ship."
k it's gone
"ONE dead guy > you guys. Just saying."
13I told her that's hardly fair, considering she was fishing for that answer
!link crazy
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/18531?search=favorited_by%3DZane-K
4its quiet....
pudgylips in anime = me puking my guys out
"Silly author. Ponies don't have tea parties. They go out and kick a dragon's ass."
Bonbon, what are some equestrian culinary foods its known for?
...oatmeal?
sorry.... :<
!link oatmeal
lol
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/38832
^Lols.
...are you crazy?
STOP SMILEING DRUMMER!
I would have gotten in so much trouble if I had been asked that question...
FreezeFrame; Is that from the comments on the Maclean's article? XD
!link mea..... Oh i dont think i should...
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
....I totally forgot about those useless blue guy soldiers
4dont worry about it
hey yall!
Other blue guy: "so...whos up for crashing this ship, cause i don't know how to land it..."
13we were in the middle of a pretty heated argument, I don't yell though, I'm the creepy calculating stare apparently
Someone get the drummer a mask
From the EqD comments
hiya
I dont quite understand what you're asking Dee, could you try rephrasing that?
4i was just pointing it out
Kinda PMed Silvermane to ask a question that had been bugging me. ><
...and then I said "Oatmeal, are you delishious?" and it was all "Yes." and I was all "OMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOM!!"
eh, close enough :P
Okay, actually hitting the hay now
Oatmeal!?
Nighty night, FreezeFrame!
Silly Freeze
Oakmeal.
!oatmeal
/me hugs Freezeframe
/me is reminded about applejack and lowers her head a bit
night night
oalmeat
you shouldn't hit the hay
THUMPS UP!
13years of in house arguments build a strong poker face
you should sleep on it
She's asking what kind of foods Equestria is known for, BonBon
do any of yall know the pony eqivilent of boyfriend?
She thought I was so sexy taht I couldn't POSSIBLY be a colt. Had to find out for herself
:P
wait, what BonBon?
Eeyup
But goodnight anways, Doctor Freeze :3
Coltfriend
/me passes around hugs to all and sundry
CogWeaver: look, it's another applejackfan.
applejackfan, coltfriend
time to rock
Ego? What ego? I don't have an ego
....
...
....................
What are some Equestrian Delicacies that Equestria is known for?
13(which I've been told is more than a little creepy sometimes)
...............
<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
6/me hugs FreezeFrame back gently~
/me 0hugs FreezeFrame
<3
<3
Oh, I wouldn't know much about any fancy foods. I live in a small town as a candymaker
right thanks.
<###<#<<#<3,3,<#<3,<#,#<#,3
okay i exagerrated that one
drummer! no more smileing!
/me hugs Freeze
Because I am a 6' 2", 250 lb. huggy guy.
I can't hold a poker face against my family. At least not a super serious one.
of course, HotCocoa, you didn't think I was the only one who recognized that AJ was the best pony, did you?
/me hugs FreezeFrame back
/me facehoofs. Very gracefully.
i've been up 16 hours, so sue me
cupcakes, muffins
Make the drummer stop making facial expressions
!link absurd_lack_of_res
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/25699
4try a week, then come back here
You should probably get to sleep soon then... o-o
;3; Bonbon make me some comfort food
Cupins muffcakes
13I can hold one even when I'm in trouble and there's yelling, screaming, and crying involved
^
she reminds me of SOMEONE.. i just can't remember exactly who
/me 13is hard core poker face
probably, but... ponies
/me is back
the chick from bleach?
im the original applejackfan, all others are posers
Welcome back, Sumica.
ah just in time.
hi Sumica
Which is funny, because my girlfriend is not huggy at all
...Rarity is best.
15i've learned to just not give a fuck until later. Then the shaking starts...
0Welcome!
lies
Oh! I have the perfect thing! I've been working on a lemon... oh well you'll see.
Everypony party!
and somehoe earth gets their transmissons o.o
Twilight.
!moon HotCocoa no. just no.
Grab my tail, HotCocoa no. just no.!
13well, this IS later, she's been holding this argument for months
PARTY!
weres pinkie.
I agree, Rarity is Best Pony
BBG gets a monument.
0SCIENCE
stop being oatmeal applejack is undisputedly the best
13she's forcing an intervention on my computer time right now
thus concludes "The Adventure of Best Blue Guy and Some Other Douchebags"
/me pulls out what looks like a few hard candies in wrappers from her saddlebag and tosses them to Dee
nah i doubt it's anyone from bleach or anything other than something pretty old
Celestia is the best. She can run circles around Applejack.
NMM is best pony.
combustible lemon
Nuuuuuu, Fluttershy is best!
15you are in school right?
Twilight
Celestia is OP, Balloons
13(which, I may add, my father doesn't fully support since he does the same thing from time to time)
MMM is best pony
I mean
13I'm in college
being an Alicorn and all
RainbowDash
Combustable lemons?
no she cant, she would get bucked
EPIC POSE!
Hmmmmm... let me write that down
6Natleyn, Vakie, you are so silly! ^-^
CogWeaver: yes. Just yes.
..........................
;3
Wut
0WHAT A TWEEST
DAMN IT DAFT PUNK!
Thanks Bonbon, in exchange i will show you how to make Mexican Candies, with Tamarindo
Ponyta is best pony.
Hope the kid doesn't sit on the record
i knew this was daft punk.. i just knew it despite not knowing it
15computers are #1 resource in college years
13I'm fine with obeying their rules, and doing what they ask, but I draw the line where they start calling me a bad person because of what I do or what I like
/me looks at the topic.
Hmph.
Yep
The end of the biggest acid trip of your life
I'd like that very much Dee, I always love expanding my candy-repitoire!
YAY
and it was all a dream
Am I allowed to ask a serious question here?
inb4 topic war
/me hugs #bronystate
yes you are
Angel Bunny is best pony.
13she gives an exception if I'm using it for school or work
Time for sleep.
/me hugs all
/me hugs Natelyn back
*makes clapping noise with hooves*
*Natleyn
15whose computer is it
13mine
...He's not a pony...
Owloysius is best pony.
Night everyone! May your dreams be filled with Pony!
13bought and paid, built with my own hands
a dream? well time to draw an animation about it and have people watch it online
you are all crazy!
eeyup
See y'all in the mornin' :3
15well aren't those some key words
13but its their house, their internet
Rarity is AWESOME pony
now for season 2 of ponies!
no pony could ever beat applejack
/hype it up
handsover Family Recipes to Bonbon.
All the ponies in this town are CRAZY!
Good night, both of you :P
Thank you, Leika
Don't tell Lyra this but... I think Carrot Top is best pony
goodnight to all who are leaving:D
Spike is best pony.
/me gasps
Zecora is best zebra.
nor could any other equestrian creature
<Lyra> I HEARD THTA.
refreshed stream
0Good night, nat
<Lyra> *THAT.
:3 baiiiiiiiiiii
Meep!
/me hugs Natleyn back. n.n
6Goodnight!
13she can't take my computer, because I technically own it and she has no claim, but that doesn't stop her from threatening to pull the plug on me so to speak
Oh Lyra. If only you had hands and could avoid typos more easily, hmm?
I'm sorry Lyra! I didn't mean it like that I just
for some reason that dude immediately reminded me of the guy from higurashi
Gilda is best pony.
/me glares at Sketchy_Sounds.
I think a brony is trolling my computer... I found a folder in my pictures library called Princess Trollestias_files which has a bunch of random pony pictures and some pictures of people i know irl plus what looks like script files... was wondering if any of you might know what is going on?
Which one?
good evening to all, and to all a good night!
I can't Choose, too many favorites
idk.. i only watched season 1.. so the main guy i guess
hy everypony
/me tries to slink back into the crowd
Can't help but be curious, I'm a Higurashi nerd X3
/me trollface at Lyra
HAXORED
then choose applejack
mostly non-Elements of harmony ponies
Sounds like someone saved a webpage
Oh dear... what are we watching now? o-o
Hydra is best pony.
o_o
What in the?
13I'm probably going to have to go to bed soon, or else face the wrath of a woman scorned while I'm enjoying me free time
0Wait!
The NumaNuma PMV is epic. Perfect "yay"s
Oh man, I'm an idiot, I thought the stream was down. xD
0This is... Um. That show
well bye yall thanks for the help
i love waiting for your reactions.
Gummy is best pony.
0Damn, I know it...
hey Octavia
"so i am a zombie"
I like the new Invaders Must Die PMV that was posted on the site.
Hi guys
i wasnt even aware you could save a webpage
o-o
0Hi Barry
<Page Title>_files is typical of a saved webpage
Hi Barry
That's a pain. :/
Sup Barry
BlueBlood is the best pony
CrimsonFoxx, Prodigy FTW!!!
and webpages often do contain scripts
/me trollfaces*
what anime is this?
15hrmph
Bonbon is Best pony... this is swear, for Celestia tells me so*Sings*
ah i see
15well, did you learn something from your wings at least?
thats... quite a relief
I've heard the dub isn't that great, never saw it though
"so i am a zombie"
Yeah, plus that video has some absolutely amazing editing!
/me must watch the Invaders Must Die PMV on computer... phone kept skipping
Bleh
Well thank you Dee, I dont hear that very often
Timeout
/me trollfaces*
Is there a Princess Trollestrias.html too?
Is that the name? So I am a Zombie?
And +M
…
*+N
4i learned not to mess with Polarfire again
Spy is best pony.
Blueblood?!
in english yes
/Blueblood/?!
YOU ARE BUCKING KIDDING ME
Oh phew, she's gone
/me aims a pie squarely at CogWeaver.
i saw no problems with the dub.. if it wasn't faithful to the original words or not i don't know
15that's something to write to Celestia about right there...
aww, it cut off
Hahaha
lol
...too long a topic?
URTOPICISTOOLOOONNNG
yes, we mad
Hooo, mare! I'm going to have it bad when I get home today.
I'd Teach Blueblood the elements of Chivalry
4also that wings are kind of like my, nevermind.....
i dont see one
/me fangirls all over Rarity!
/me writes up messages to celestia for kick messages...
Well, like I said, I haven't seen it, so... yeah :P
o-o
Im not your mother
/me revels in fangirlishness.
it would be in the same folder as the _files folder
okay, sorry people/ponies
This is very interesting so far.
also i can tell this anime is going to be filled with fanservice.. oh joy
not inside the _files folder
15DecapKing, yes they are. ALthough typically you can't get a filly pregnant with them
Why does everypony hate Blueblood? I mean, he IS a prince.
see? i win!
No i dont like bananas.
Leave the topic alone, it's not your personal tool to exploit and convey which Pony you like best.
ah ok, yeah there is
wtf are we watching?
Basicly yes
13yeah, I'll keep the physiology in mind...I was having fun until my mother yelled at me to come downstairs and see how incompetent I am (paraphrasing)
/me glares at BonBon.
yup saved webpage, case closed
You want to know WHY?
Cause he's huge douche.
Bluh bluh.
awesome. thanks for the help
Well dont look at ME rarity, YOU're the one who threw a cake at him
np
Stop.
...brb someone is knocking at my door
Hammer time!
Waifu time.
Leika I was thinking that
Peanut Butta Jelly Time!
Trololo
I'm in your heaaaaad! Oooooohhhhh~~~
15hrmm, well you sound to me like you are working it through at a reasonable pace. Jobs are hard to find right now, not to mention balancing one with school
aww what a noob still letting that criminal control the direction of his life even when he's back alive to live it
I'm on a boat!
What is this, meme song time?
I'm in space
/me goes to buy make-up flowers for Lyra
LIKE A BOSS
<Lyra> Yeah that's right, you better.
I dunno, if I got killed but had a chance to find out who it was, I'd want to
HIT THE SAUCE
Too late to play Dead Island :<
sure sure.. but i wouldn't devote my life to it
poniesponiesponies
13well, I haven't really been actively pursuing a job, my last one kind of fell through when they fired my dad (they were reluctant to hire his kid right after firing him)
..swag.
/me licks Rarity to see if she tastes of marshmellows >.>
/me goes travelling.
Yeah
i wouldn't be all about vengeance though
15mm i see
Take me away, horn!
She should, Leika, she IS the element of Marshmellow!
/me 11puts on his transmission lenses. "Time to go. Have fun everypony."
Need a dispenser here!
omg! i thought i was introuble with some mafia, a group of three came near my home asking for $1.00 in quarters, they did look like thugs, totally... so scared now
15later Razyn
11Ja ne
13yeah, I know, it just kinda sucks sometimes
HOLY CRAP 1 DOLLER.
Just laugh Dee!
... Wow, between the zombie protagonist looking like Keiichi, and this girl who... frankly looks like Rena, IMO, this is reminding me a lot of Higurashi
/me erects a dispenser
1 dollar, now that's gangsta.
There you go!
15yes it does. any chance of staying in a dorm?
i did after i closed the door
Same art team
As Pinkie Pie says, you must "giggle at the ghosties." Or something.
CogWeaver: Is it a non-newtonian sauce?
CogWeaver: If so, it just might hit back
Studio Deen made this too?
15or is it not financially logical, sorta like my situation (5 minutes from campus)
iirc yeah
I once answered the door and this guy told me that he was here for Papa John's pizza...And I hadn't even ordered a pizza...He didn't look dangerous though, and he left when I said I didn't know what he was talking about.
i guess they only learned how to draw 1 look
i gave em 2 bucks in pocket change, mostly quarters. yay genorisity
That's Rarity's turf!
Did he have a pizza in hand Crimson?
it's common
No, it sounded like he was trying to get a free meal off of someone to be honest.
Yeah that's not cool, and his attempt to claim he was from Papa Johns, is super lame
morning, ponies
It's going to be obvious with no pizza
Hmmm. Troll logic:
Sup RobotPinkie
just checked Wikipedia since it's such a reliable source of info, and yeah, it says Deen made both
Newton despised alcohol
therefore alcohol is a non-newtonian liquid.
i thought they needed money for the payphone
hi, Pinkie
Wait, what is my turf?
/me looks at her hooves.
i would beat her up later
No, he didn't say he was from Papa John's, he said he was there FOR Papa John's Pizza
Generosity
Oh, still
Dee: oohhh.
Oh dearest Lyra! The apple of my eye! Would a mare as lovely and sweet as thee agree to spend the rest of our- Oh wait.. wrong cue card... heheh
what's streaming?
I wouldn't answer the door for any stranger unless they were on fire, or had a fire at their house or something.
13I live less than 20 minutes from campus
13it would be kinda dumb
I'm not the ONLY pony in Equestria who is allowed to be generous, you know.
keep going Bonbon
13and the school has no dorm also
You can't trust people, the guy might've been trying to steak out your house to see if anyone was home so he could rob it.
15ah
15well sympathy brosis
But it is your element!
Ah here we go. Lyra, I'm sorry for insert blunder here. Please forgive me.
Poor Skipsy
And theyll take yo ponies.
/me 13*brohoof*
Well, sometimes strangers can be interesting, my mom and I once spent a couple hours talking with a couple of guys who came to our door.
Gonna go back to Burn notice after this.
<Lyra> ...okay fine.
hes in there all alone, singing to himself
13I'll figure this out somehow
:(
15*brohoof*
and playing the keyboard
Crimson that's fine, if you want to take a risk with your life
Oh thank you! I promise it will never happen again!
13she'll probably let up when I get a job or something...hopefully
lol, ok Filter, I'll stop streaming and continue singing to myself. :P
OW
MY EARS
13she mentioned I'd also have to join a club or bible study
Hide yo ponies Hide yo waifu..
15hmmm
forgot to turn down the volume...
lol
13so I'm guessing she's going to hold that over my head as well for leverage
what's burn notice?
Can i add anypony to my PSN?
Don't live in such a horrid place that you need to be scared.
spy show/ MacGyver
Yes.
you could, but i dont play
I don't, I'm just not stupid.
/me disguises herself as a mafia hitpony and knocks on JackiePie's door.
ah then heck ya! just let me know when that happens
13she wanted me to keep a fucking journal, plotting my activity throughout the day and the exact amount of time I spent doing each thing (to validate me being on the computer too much) I got in trouble when I suggested I could keep a log of my bowel movements :P
/me ignores
I dont play much anymore since i discoverd tf2
No Solicitors
That doesn't sound like something a lady would do o.o
10 min or so.
and what's this?
/me takes note of the dusty floors and walls, decrepit furniture and cobwebs
15sounds a bit of a smartass thing to say. but clever come back all the same
"so I am a zombie"
4charming
Sounds like irrational fear to me.
Scarity
13isn't it?
I have a PS3, though I only have a few games.
...okay
*sigh* okay Nashy whatever
But it's your door.
13I've apologized since then for being a smartass there, but did not for disliking the journal
Yup
6I have been up 46. . .
I can't wait for Sonic Generations to come out
Poor door, you will never be forgotten
There are irrational fears and rational fears, and one of those rational fears is not to let strangers into your house.
That's just common sense
I work for a living, so staying awake is not logical. speaking of, when Shy-Shy gets back, i'm heading to bed
15hrmm
Stranger danger?
Don't need to let them in.
6I work for a living as well Silvermane. . .
Better to be alive an irrationally fearful, then welcoming and dead
I'm watching some Doctor Who instead.
6I also do full-time University work as a Music student.
i drive and run heavy machinery
falling asleep is extremely dangerous for me
None of the ponies in ponyville really lock their doors. Except when another monster comes by every week or so
No, I'd rather die of my own stupidity than live my life in a cage.
False dilemma.
/me makes a note to not show this one again. =p
Nice way to think
6Ah~ I understand. . . I want you to be safe. . .
4i smuggle stuff
I already dont let religious recruiters in, i dont see why i would let the mafia come inside
poniesponiesponies
when i die, i wanna die fighting
13well, I'm going to bed, before she can get mad at me for the time I'm not spending not doing things
SWOG
PONIES
If i were doing normal work like talking to patients or handling computers, i might be able to pull longer sleep-deprivations... but I just love to sleep to much
Swog? Isn't that a Swedish beer or something?
Duff
I always keep in mind the probabilities.
oh you're streaming? wut?
Oh hey, the file transfer is done.
Where are you all from? Fighting? Danger from Strangers? This sounds just terrible
plus i have a crappy intern-grunt-labor job
13(I know it sounds really huffy of /me/ to say that, but we've been through this a bunch of times and I ran out of things to say to her eventually)
We're from Earth
yarr
that's something I've always wondered about...if Ponyville gets attacked by monsters and has bad things happen to it so much, why doesn't Celestia just send guards down to Ponyville to protect it against predators and intrusive monsters and the like?
sorry Bonbon
/me snickers
Ear- th?
We from da Everfree beeyoch.
6D'awwwww. . . v.v You poor pony. . .
15alright. night mirthtinker. I understand circular arguments and pointless patterns well enouogh
and it's just that I missed the beginning... I don't like just jumping in in the middle of an anime
13hehe
who will defend them from the Hydra?
hehe, only a few more weeks, then I'm back to school full time again
13well, she's allowed to use em, I'm just not allowed to point it out :P
Life is a series of calculated risks.
6~yay~
i work and school in 3 month shifts. part of the program
That librarian pony and her friends usually do a good enough job
13(basically giver her the answers she needs or else)
4i would still point them out
BBL.
13haha, and I still do
BonBon: Earth is another planet that those "hyoo-mans" are from
/me enjoys the pity though >.>
We're from a different planet?
13anyway, goodnight, hopefully I'll be back to normal schedules soon enough to...ehem...show you what I've learned
Another planet? Oh my. How are we talking exactly?
4cause he has no self esteem
magic
duh
and some technology
13*kiss* night Silvermane
Oh. Dugh
Tubes.
oh boy...
I'm not a clever pony
The interwebs!
15oh my. well it should wear off in just under an hour. *kiss* night Tinkerbelle
cups and strings
really long strings
/me giggles~
Combination between Magic Technology, and Intermeshing Electric Wavelengths
And cookies
6You are silly pony. .. but good to see you are hard-working too!
/me 13goes to bed to clop with her new wings-oops did I just say that? ;)
ja
And a Delorean
that's getting technical, though
15don't mess with them too much, or you may get light headed. and don't pull or twist any feathers
Well yes Dee but running around and hiding worked pretty well for us so far. I'm sure even without twilight's help we'd be fine
don't need to go into details at this point
4*play "self esteem" by the offspring
4th wall communication router inside Sugarcube Corner.
And milk.
SHH!
Perhpas
4bow chicka wow wow
DON'T MENTION THE PINK ONE HERE!
Oh. so It's pinkie being... herself
15hmm, should i have told her what happens if you maintain constant suction pressure on them?
Build a Wall like the Chiniese did to keep the huns out
We're not mentioning Pinkie now?
SHH!
/me 13is still here, looking at your responses
does that mean we can mention cupcakes? :D
hey i know its early, but just so i can wite it down, what time will season 2 air on the 17th?
nope
4i can only answer that if i knew what would happen
aww
I'm just a poor boy...
Muffcakes.
9AM EST, IIRC
Feel free to build a wall Dee, she'll just pop out of the nearest flowerpot on the other side
correct
thank you
13okay, NOW I'm going to bed, for real
also, I only like 'Self Esteem' because of that Spike PMV from Anthology
13foreelz
ok back to normal stuff.
back yet again... ^^;
13...kay-oh, night you lurkers
If Pinky can get somewhere before Rainbow Dash does, I don't think a wall would really help much.
15night tinkerbelle.
well i'm stumped.
6Willkommen Flootershy~
15i'm out too once Fluttershy is back. need to glomp her once more
Later!
I dont think she gets there before RD, i think she just breaks the fabric of time
4AW YEAH
4hey Fluttershy
Hey
4Bruce Campbell
/me jumps, eyes widen. "A-Ah..."
Suddenly Ghosties
/me glomps Fluttershy. "I SAID I'D DO IT!"
13 /gasp mfw Silvermane is cheating on me with my favpony
Pinkie would probably draw on it
Are we talking about Pinkie Pie?
Hi TrollightSparkle
ja
4Bruce Campbell always gets my attention
6Sie sind sich schön~
15i'm not cheating.
What was that anime?
15(yet)
/me squeaks, falls onto the ground. x-x
Throw rocks at her.
15:D
13rarityfaint
I think it's more of moving two points closer together.
Using additional dimensions.
15oh relax, if it isn't in silvershipper it isn't canon
Oh
Woo! More Burn Notice!
13otay :(
13NIGHT :D
So I am a zombie Nittany_Tiger_
German?
4what about beauty Violet?
!flip
/me flips a muffin
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, upside down
/me scoops up the fainted Fluttershy, and props her against a tree.
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
I was flying a kite when the fliers competition rainboom happened... Sure I'm glad rarity didnt die but... I loved that kite
/me wraps her front hooves around Leika in a tight embrace
How would ponies adjust to a human civilazation? Pegasus in Jetplane turbines
/me tearyface
15Love you <3
15night
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
deargod
/me 15is such a dog
Crap, id idn't kill her did I?
/me wakes up a bit later, blinking. "Ohh... my head..."
6I was saying she is beautiful, DecapKing
Oh derpy...
oh good
Atleast it would kill a plane full of people too
we need pop control
OH look "plot"
sorry Fluttershy, didn't mean to startle you.
the only way you keep Pinkie away from you is to not make any sort of comedic entrance for her in any way, and keep her out of your thoughts, conversations, and promises
As Lily would say "The Horror, The Horror"
/me sweatdrops. "It's alright..." ^^;
This looks interesting
Don't make fun of Lilly!
but wouldn't that hurt her, like tinkerbell?
Lock yourself in a room for the rest of your life, a white room, with nothing in it
and nothing on it
Alright, well I need to head off to bed now. Here, keep this blanket if you get sleepy again. No more coffee beans for tonight, ay?
Being shocked is a perfectly rational reaction to terrified bouncing bushels of baby bunnies
Roseluck also says ``The horror, the horror!''
and go cold turkey
no, Dee, Tinkerbell and other fairies only get hurt of someone shouts:
I DO NOT BELIEVE IN FAIRIES!
neither do i
Cosmoo
/me claps so that the fairies will live
/me MWAAHAHAHAHAHHA
I wonder why there hasn't been any fairies in this show yet.
Just quoting her Bonbon, not making fun of her, Shes so cute btw
chocolate coffee beats are where it's at
but anyway take care:D
CrimsonFoxx: Parasprites
lol night Metero
meteor
they're more like bugs in this 'verse
15night everypony
They do look suspiciously like navi though
Love all the little spy tips.
night everypony
Technically, those are sprites, sprites and fairies aren't the same thing.
metero sounds like a spell from final fantasy
4night Silvermane
Night Silvermane
Seeya, Silvermane
peace Decap
parasite sprites
Bugs.
night silvermane
^
night Polarfire, Fluttershy, GGgala, Denied_Existence...
Ah, you're going...? :< Goodnight, Silvermane. Sleep well!
night Silvermane
Do ponies... wish upon a star? "Begins singing "When you Wish upon a Star"
aeeyup, i'm off Shy-Shy.
i call it.. copy hasta! (la vista)
no, because the last pony who did that, Dee, felt the wrath of Luna because she thought her stars were being abused
Alright... goodnight!
/me facehoofs.
Yeah I know Dee, the way she tends to her flowers I wonder how she'd.... I mean.. *hur-ha-hem* Stallions and stuff.. Grrrrr
night
When you said that, Dee, I immediately started wondering what it would be like if the ponies ever met the Aristocats.
... hasta la vista... *groan*
lol
hasta la vista filly
I wonder what would Poison Joke do to BonBon... >.>
OOOoooOh, Barry White is playing in the next house
4well im out
6Well, good well sleep to him I hope. (:
:D
Leika, make her voice normal :D
I dont intend to find out Leika.
either something is going on or someones got a good taste in music
hasta la XP filly
goodnight everyone
Dat plot Dashite ?
Night DecapKing
Deerze noothing wrong weeth mai voiice
4night everyone
Night decap
Barry white hun, not you, I adore your Voice
bye Decap
6Fluttershy, are you still here? n.~
I think I'm slightly behind. I was responding to the kid really wanting him to shoot someone.
ahhh
But dat plot is pretty good as well.
I've not heard of this show.. when did it come out?
Uhhhmmm... *goes to apply more poison joke*
More Apples BonBon? XD
6Goodnight DecapKing! (:
About 5 years ago.
Please Leika, thats not my finest moment.
/me mutters "I'm still looking for a way to make it up to her"
Hm? Yeah o-o
Hmm.
BonBon + PJ = Normal voice; Lyra + PJ = Human form; Colgate + PJ = Wooden teeth; Berry Punch + PJ = completely, 100% sober
Berry Punch? Sober?
I wonder if Applejack has a Japanese cousin named Fuji.
What world do you live in CogWeaver?
on Poison Joke, she might be, BonBon
Scenario: Lyra Comes home witha golden ticket to Willy Wonkas Chocalate Factory. Will you sing "I've got a Golden Ticket" Bonbon?
and Equestria, just like you
Umm.. I DO like to sing. But I can tell Lyra tries her best to be nice when I do sing. I wouldn't want to dampen her high.
Why does Lyra stalk Twilight?
She does what now?
Stalks Twilight.
because she's been sent on a mission by Celestia to keep an eye on her student, Nashy
Ooooooh Lyra has got some explaining to do...
she doesn't stalk Twi
she's just on a special mission
*Audience OOOOooohs*
Lyra actually has a crush on Twilight, but shhhhh! It's a secret!
~Lyyyyra, you got some splainin' to doooo!
Poor Bonbon...
Well if she ever finishes her mission, I hope she can stay. I'd miss her terribly if she left
Leikda.. WHAT?
She's in Canterlot all "Hello want to be my friend? Come to the party!"
CogWeaver, don't you mean Lyra + PJ = normal horse form?
Noooooothing~
nono, she turns human on PJ
argh it's burn notice already?
Then follows Twilight to Ponyville. And even to Cloudsdale!
CogWeaver, but that's what she wants!
and Colgate gets wooden teeth
Shall we shoot them? /irish accent
I.. I... I mean... I dont care. Why should I care? Good for her.
/me 4cannot see for the life of himself why Michael's romantic interest is a woman with a horse's face
and BonBon actually gets an acceptable voice
She hocked for Booze money like George Washington?
Stalker :G
...no offense, BonBon
^ inb4
/me looks down
Because you have horrible taste Ghosties.
none taken..
haha
no, seriously, all of us ponies think your voice is great
it's them hyoomans, though
Yea!
their ears are messed up or something
/me gives BonBon a hug anyway
Well then **** them
it will be FUn™
/me neckhugs Xiagu back
Oh dear... o.o
This human is going to sleep...
What a fowl language!
;3; I don't look at the species, i look at whats behind there eyes
such tiny ears those hairless apes have
4I bet Dashite's the kind of man that thinks Sarah Jessica Parker is attrative too
they're not hairless apes, actually
4*attractive
they look more like bi-pedaled pigs
I know Leika, I'm just very concious about my voice
Uh... no.
In the Summer, some have hair on there backs and shoulders, like a Gorilla
everypony has at least one problem
4Good
yours ISN'T your voice, though, BonBon
4Because she actually is a horse face...ugh
sitting on a radio tower will as well
(assuming cell phones even do)
What is it then? Is my hair not poofy enough?
idk, I don't know you enough
My Flaw is I'm VERY Forgetfull
I'm usually held up in my lab most days
i heard a story
Dr. Michio Kaku was discussing how you could theoretically go back in time and meet your parents before they were your parents.
don't get out to see most ponies
not often, at least
I'm thinking, "But Dr. Kaku, what about breaking the space time continnum?!"
I'm sorry to hear that Cog
There's a rap song about Cupcakes on Celestia Radio right now...
It is Irrelevant, time is merly a Illusion
6I enjoyed your drawings earlier! It is nice to see some artistic talent around here. c:
JackiePie, it depends on how time travel works in the universe you're in
DAT PLOT
pre-hoo.
and even if it wasn't an illusion, traveling through it would still be impossible because you create a paradox the moment you even DECIDE to go back (given that you COULD in the first place)
are they resolving it with stable time loops and only 1 timeline, or did they take the easy way and say time travel jumps to alternate universes/timelines
rainbow dash x clothes
otp
/me 's head is sparking
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Comic: Who Dresses in Style / Lyra Sleeps (http://tinyurl.com/3t96rq7)
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Australian Pony Competition (http://tinyurl.com/3mds7jf)
suddenly, posts
Ooo another Lyra comic
silly kids, they never saw it comming
inb4ALWAYS DRESSES IN STYLE
I did NOT see that coming. @.@
^^ Aw, thanks.
haha that Lyra comic
hoo
heh.. zipper
missed the link
Umm...
/me feels left out
Nice use of tape.
Heww.
Equestria Daily updated
Filter, http://tinyurl.com/3t96rq7
/me tries to remember if there were any shiny parts of lyra
open Home in a new tab
twice
Hoo. (Channel stats page updated! View at: http://kamek.piiym-net.com/chromadancer )
Bonbon, could you tell me when you first me lyra?
/me aside from her brilliant eyes and the sheen of her mane when it was we- umm.. Oooh this pebble is neart
pillz here!
lol
Grabbin' pills
Up and up I go
Though quite slowly.
that is one neart pebble, BonBon
very neart
Oh. Well Lyra had just moved in from canterlot and was looking for a place to stay. Now she's not a major musician or anything so she doesn't make much, if anything at all. Poor girl. Anyways, I offered her a cheaper board solution by offering to co-house together
macgyver is better :|
I LOVE neart things Cogweaver
I know I'ma get bashed for this.. but what's Macgyver?
Richard Dean Anderson before Stargate
an old show that most of us probably know from our childhoods
it's kind of similar to this.. the dude narrates stuff and does smart things and all
Kite murderer.
^ wut
she thinks RD murdered her kite
and keeps a sense of humor through all of it
It was like a sister to me
Why is Your Figurine so Expensive BonBon? I wants it.. like a Monkey wants a Banana
hey
Figurine? I wasn
't aware that people sold me
in the hyooman world, they have little figurine versions of us
Elloooo?
Hi
Hello
Oh really? thats- odd
it's almost freaky at how much the hyoomans go gaga for us pony-folk
http://tinyurl.com/3trxdy2 there you go Bonbon, See How pretty it is
Hello
Oh NOW the chat thing loads. And my name sucks.
6Mmmm, well dearie, I am heading to bed. It is 7AM and I must be up in an hour. Good talking! ^.^ See/hear you on the stream soon again!
/me has so many ponies
Awww, now isnt that just the spitting image of yours truly
and i have none. ;3; want at least one of my Favs
Alright. Good night--or rather, morning? Ehehe... ^^; Later~
/me should be getting a Roseluck soon
Hey guys.
http://i138.photobucket.com/albums/q243/Lypilykos/Spike.jpg
Thats slightly better.
i don't know this show but dang it seems like it's totally copying macgyver with a little new age junk thrown in.. just saying
It's okay, mibasdwe4rp98. Don't worry about it. For your information, mibasdeeeeqg is one of my favourite names.
Remember scootaloo's comment from Cutie Mark Chronicles about where she heard about ziplining from?
Solo, nope
You so silly Sol
Spike looks kinda chunky in that pic
^
>
v
Sweetie Belle said "Are you sure about this? I've never even heard of a pony ziplining before"
and scootaloo said, "Spike said it was awesome"
Night Everypony, this "Hyoo-mon" has got to get to work in the mornin'
Huh... so Lyra is a human in a pony costume, that's how she can sit down like she does...
nn Dee
Oh I'm sure it's just a silly comic Leika. There's no way it could.. possibly.. be true.. heheh
Solo, that is correct. Whoa. I never registered that before...
Xiagu: Heheh. I know. That's kinda the point.
Are you suuuuuuure? I mean, she's the only one who can sit down diferently than any other pony!
07Goodnight everypony
there is no way for that to be true, BonBon - our worlds are millions of light-years apart
Night Luna
Night Luna
Night, Luna
so, instead of using bubble gum and a paper clip to defuse a bomb, he uses an iPad and an omniblade?
07time to hit the hay HARD!
the only way a hyoomon could get here is through magic
night luna
6Goodnight everypony~
Night Luna!
Well.. I guess that makes sense. But isn't magic everywhere?
And night Vanilla!
and I'm pretty sure that they don't have magic, and no pony here would want those guys here at all
Don't hit it too hard! You might hurt yourself!
Lyra is a spy!
Don't forget that friendship is magic too
Well in this case a microwave and a metal santa to make a bomb.
6Goodnight, goodnight! Until the morning light!
07enjoy the rest of the night / day .. see you at the streaming test !
... Now I'm worried again
*they don't have /useable/ magic
They have TECHNOLOGY!
YES
...some WE need more of!
*something
oh you mean like magnets?
night Luna
How do they work anyway?
I think magic is the answer
no, like electricity and motors and light-bulbs and non-magical things
Magnets are powered by friendship
Awww arent they adorable together?
they're friends will all ferrous materials
with, even
Just read... Wait what did i just read.
its so cute
So... how come you didn't know who the aparently only fashionista in ponyville was BonBon? It is a small town after all... right?
D:
That was more of a metaphorical thing Leika
you know that song by rush called tom sawyer? well that was the opening and closing themes to macgyver over in brazil
Metaphorical?
Rarity has some good designs but she doesn't have the acclaim that other designers do
I may have been a bit too rude though,
Pretty sweet
Spur of the moment thing. Heh.
ya
I think you might have hurt her feelings there
I know. And you know what scares me?
Sometimes I think I don't care.
Eeeevil!
...Celestia forbid THAT from ever happening...
9.9
I dont WANT to be like that... it just scares me
alright, I'm going to bed now, people and ponies
good night
Night night!
/me spots the update about the Aussie Pony competition... wanders off to enter
Good night Cogweaver. I hope to see you soon
MacGyver did't have a meta story though.
/me attempts to sit like Lyra does... only acomplishes to land on the floor on her flank "Ow"
I feel your pain Leika
How does she DO that?
whatever that means
like this, Leika
No overarching story.
magic, duh
what's a meta story?
oh ok
/me sits like Lyra...with the help of a few braces he built*
Practice. She is a lyricist after all
Story line that carrys over from ep to ep.
erg...ow...like...ow...this
^
see...? ow...
lyricist? lyrecist?
each ep was a standalone.
That looks... mighty uncomfortable... and painful... *winces*
Metastories are also known as arcs.
/me stops sitting that way* yeah, just a tad
you sure? i kinda remember there being something
anyhoo, goodnight for realz
Night night! Again!
You should see lyra dance. How she moves like that I'll never know
It's kind of alluring though
I told you, she's a human in disguise! They want to take over Equestria and force us into slave labor! D:
When was this made?
Kinda Nittany_Tiger_ but that is more for when the story cant be told in one ep. meta is more for when you still have the stand alone story then the bigger story.
Mmm hey guys I'm going to get off and go to bed too
4 years or so ago.
if you're sure about that then well ok
Yknow what? I'm just going to say she's a pony for now and go with that
not that it needed it really
K
Season 1 debuted in 2007
But... maybe a check when she's asleep wouldnt hurt..
/me pokes his head back in one last time*
Night Fluttersby
You're the one livint with the enemy... >.>
Night Fluttershy, hope we get to hear you again tomorrow =p
Fluttershy*
stop filling the poor mare's head with lies, Leika
Bye, Fluttershy
or should I say, LIEka
/me leaves*
They are NOT lies!
Well of course. ^^ I'll be here for more streamception tomorrow for sure~
lie
^_^
Sure I read a lot books on conspiracies, but that doesn't mean I'm making this up!
/me cringes at that name
I'M NOT CRAZY! D:<
Sooo... night!
Good night!
that's what all the crazy one's say
pff sure
We're not saying you are Leika. Don't throw a fuss
Cog's saying I'm crazy! ;_;
I envy little kids who get to see MLP growing up.
/me lurking
Talk about a nice memory to carry.
Well, The power is back on
no its not
/me hums the MLP G1 theme
I wish Lyra was here, then I'd prove to all of you that she is a spy! >.>
Hey, SleepWeaver
/me nudges SleepWeaver toward the PMs
?
mind if I send you something to read for me?
sure, go ahead
PM it or Gchat it
either way
Just saying hello. Oh, and is there anypony who needs to be bitten? I hope not...
monk would have shot right out the door when she started sneezing
Test your might...
monk OCD's better
Bitten? Like.. vampire stuff sorta deal?
Bitten? I... don't follow
Hand wave the accent
Um.. No. I'm not... strictly speaking, a pony...
Oh Kencolt? Are you the one I think you are?
the wolf raised by ponies?
Hello!
I'm a wold who was raised by ponies, and mostly think like a pony, But sometimes, well...
I mean wolf.
A pony is wolfs clothing?
yeah..that's me.
That's an odd thing to say when you first enter a room o.o
It's getting late. I think I should be going home now. I just hope the spy- i mean LYRA isnt still upset with me
/me shakes her head
No, a wolf in ponys clothing. Except I rarely wear clothes.
anyways, goodbye everypony
Who dose thees days.
I'm watching this guy on Dark Matters, I'm guessing it's his character he's playing, he always looks like he's got a herpderp face on.
by bonbon, and hello everypony *waves*
It is strange first words, but it works in any situation.
Bye bon!
It's funny.
Kind of like a confused dog.
Hello, ponies.
How is everypony tonight?
fluttershy is a pony in pegasus' clothing
I still don't really follow on "needs to be bitten"
good and urself?
I do wear a scarf a LOT... That unicorn insists... she says it gives contrast to my haunch...
But you said you mostly think like a pony. That would make you a pony in wolf's skin. . .
I'm in a Mortal Kombat and Pony mood. An odd mix.
Working, but well otherwise.
Sometimes... some ponies get, well, a little out of hand? Or Stupid? Or even... bad?
pinkie pie could totally whoop shao khan
And well, a little nip once in a while, makes them listen up. Just a little.
:p
Oh, okay. No, I don't know anypony like that myself
Off to bed. Night.
I could see it
Bobbin I was just talking about how this guy on TV is playing a character who seems to constantly look like he's herpin' and derpin'
See ya, Nittany
Night Nittany_Tiger_
should have called L to deal with this guy
Night Nittany
Eh?
/me growls. "Especially that Trixie."
He just has this look on his face like he's going "Duurr?"
it
It's funny
lol
I wonder what moves Fluttershy will have in that Mane 6 Fighting game they are developing o.o
...
guilt-trip attack?
she will be able to do the stare
and that's it
but it will be instant win
The one-hit-KO-stare
she'll tell you you're not being nice while looking all pathetic and cute
she will cute everyone to death, the enemy will feel so bad about hurting something so adorable they will commit suicide
heh
FLuttershy?
The Stare will be level 3 finisher.
She's nothing like... like... Oh, well... not that's there's any hope there.
lol
Good night.
You win if they are facing you.
Nittany_Tiger
She's going to be one of those characters that has Freinds pop out of no-where and pown the enemy
So..AJ would be the biggest threat?
Angel would probably end up fighting in her stead >.>
^
Suer one: Angel with a machete
super 2
The stare
I imagine her ranged attack will be Angel throwing a carrot.
That sounds like something a bad guy would do
Not really
They would actually come in her defense I believe
ranged would probably be something involving birds or butterflies
Fluttershy'd just be sitting there
she would be to worried about her animal friends getting hurt
RUnning away
Well that's my opinon, take it or leave it.
Azure that's what I was thinking.
I just can't see her actually hurting anything.
she'd all be NO! don't do it
A stern telling-off, sure.
and they'd just ognpore her
Dragon comes down from the mountain
and destroy the enemy
Eh, drama..
Rarity is going to bitchslap the heck out of anypony XD
lol
eeyup
death choke by scarf?
I wonder who the other characters are going to be
My money says there's a Spike move in there
heh
I can't wait to see Luna and Trixie.
lol
Both of whom better be in it.
*cough*
Lovesick Spike attack
I could see Rarity using Spike as a weapon
Actually, I think we can dafely rule out a Spike character, simply because of rrity
yerp
Heh...I think I'm required to be a Luna fan, honestly.
Anyhow, I know I don't fit in at times, but I guess I'm not really meant to...
Though if Luna is in it, does that mean Celestia could be? O.o
"I'll defend you Rarity!" *Spike tries to attack, with hearts blinding his eyes*
unless they were going to guve him a special "Fighting rarity" moveset
That'd be an...interesting fighter.
iknowdatfeelbro
Trollestia, finisher
Sends you to the moon!
If Spike is a fighter, or appears at all, he needs to appear at some point in his super-macho-hero form.
do you like mmmmbananas?
LOL leika
Oh no, herpderp man became a hero!
damn u lordly! i was gonna say that
Your name is...
/me trollfaces
lol
Macho-Spike would be great.
/me raeg
So...
SO...
My name is..?
A finisher for Rarity.
SO CLOSE TO...
KIIIIIIIIIIISS?
Don't do it bro
ARRRGH!
I could see something like encasing the oponnent in a giant gem
Heh....He shows up to defend Rarity while riding Twilight.
Hey, guys. Can I have your opinion on this? SideStroke, this kind of applies directlyh to you, and you, too, Lordlyhour
I hopr some of the characters have a custom win quote when beating certain other characters
/me shoots Kencolt with a tranquilizer gun.
that dude who runs around in his underwear kinda reminds me of Huang from darker than black
Hey all
I know what it's like to not fit in too, so... yeah...
Nyess pants?
Hello dumori
http://oi52.tinypic.com/2vrzzg8.jpg
This is trolling a really bad player in a mafia game
I hate being ill.
Funny you bring that show up MeteorVenture, was think that one next.
Good? Bad?
Rarity'd just summon a horde of admiters who'd trampole the enemy
Hi Dumori
/me wants tagging or strikers like in kof
no comment
I.. I can't help it... I... I... it's totally improper... not proper to the Pack... not proper to... to..
Hey, Dumori
Jackie Pie: I editted the text...
/me keeps nommin' her rabbit food
wut?
/me hides his head beneath his paws.
Rarity's finisher is dressing the opponent in frilly dresses! It's SUPER-EFFECTIVE against Applejack!
carrots
oooooooooh
Actually, that'd be fun
lol
Special Move: Makeover.
Lordlyhour: by "admirers" do you mean those ponies that pulled the apple-carridge?
Every character gets their own custom clothing too
Yup
I had a strange craving for veggies
You think Pinkie Pie will have a "get pyscho" finisher?
Would Pinkie Pie have cake bombs? thatd be cool
Heh
i just got done watching season 1 of darker than black recently so that might have something to do with it lol
You guys, that's way to complicated.
Fluutershy will have the get pscho
It's... bad. But that's how it's supposed to be to make it good
xP
jam a cupcake down your throat
I don't see why Schitzo!pinkie would make an appearance
Sidestroke: Do you think my text is okay?
She's doesn't really do much
/me hugs Kencolt in an attempt to comfort him
The mane 6 at least have multiple skins.
It's not proper for a pony, much less the last wold in Equestria...
"Cross my heart and hope to fly Stick a cupcake in YOUR EYE"
I'm looking for really infuriating text.
Not sure if the rest of the chars do.
I...
I,...
Someone should have sea pony coming from eye as a death move
If I tell you.. will you promise not to tell her?
The alternate skins are just for multiplayer fights though
?
woo?
Doesn't matter
As is tradition
Because it'd get confusing if everycharacter was the same colorwhe you werefighting
once the game comes out
I rip the sprites and make MUGEN fighters.
/me takes a deep breath. A VERY deep breath.
It's likely that Pinkamena will be a diferent skin for Pinkie Pie
lol
If you don't want to talk about it..
Leika: that would require different sprites entierly
not just a different skin.
I ... I have a little crush on Twilight Sparkle.
That would require an entirely new SPriteset though
It'd be making a different character.
nmm as gouki.. hm...
Rather than just a recolor
/me brohoofs Lordlyhour
Called it, bro, but yeah.
/me Broohoofs back
Perhaps "tiger and bunny" next.
When I'm typing I don't actually look at the screen
'So, if someone pre-empts me, I'm still being original :D
I do that somethimes
WHAT
WHAT
BACON_CAT, NOW'S YOUR CHANCE.
is stuff breaking here?
On the topic of Fluttershy, and because I'm watching Mortal Kombat vids: http://s608.photobucket.com/albums/tt170/Paradox043/?action=view&current=1312660026omny87_flutterscorpio.jpg
Hello Sethisto
hello everypony
And that would never work! Because I'm the Wolf, and she's NOT a wolf, and I have no idea how that could work, and she's--
daww
Whoa. hey there, Sethisto.
elo
Hey Seth.
that's the first time i laughed while watching this i think o.o
Hey Seth!
I came at the right time.
lol
Heh.
My god
Its a seth
OH SHI--
hah
OMG YE
s
Only third episode.
We're all screwed now.
MrMooMoo! I looked, Apparently Barley Stalk already has a fanon name.
Why am i always so lucky?
Poor Sethisto. A celebrity in his own IRC chat.
/me hurls a pokeball at Seth
She's... an Element. WAY out of my league.
uh oh!
laughhhh
First sibsy now a seth!
/me retreats to his bucket.
Gotta use dem superballs.
Whut? When did Seth get here?
so i take it nothing is breaking here?
I must have it!
Hiya Seth
brb
Nuup
Everything is fine far as I can see dude
Nothing more than usual
this show makes a ton of jokes.. but mostly casual ones that aren't exactly for lols
Not really, what do you mean broke?
Sethisto, where were you last Thursday night?
Um... What's supposed to be broken, Sethisto?
Woops
I honestly can't imagine a sillier crush.
So that means slow news day?
It would appear so, if he's come to mingle with the commoners.
as far as I know, everything is fine
/me looks for a soap box.
(Colgate doesn't know too much)
wait, why don't I know too much? :O
So what seems to be a problem Seth?
I think we broke Bon bon Seth
*officer
We are.
AH
Alrighty
irc seems fine. /shrug
someone told me geekshed was banning pony stuff
Oh, yeah
Zap. :D
I heard that too
?
we have geekshed admins hanging out here
I haven't heard about that hand on
i do not think they would ban us
sounds like a big rumor
us mods didn't hear that...
alrighty
/me sighs. "But,, i guess crushes are like that... silly?"
i wont worry about it then!
Somepony came in here-- It was, like, Oh!
Drat, that admin isn't on right now
I figured it was bleh anyway
Stab whoever you heard it from
No, the guys over in #brony got a little sore about something and moved.
SunnySunshine or something.
Ah
Nobody's banning anything.
Other than the occasional parasprite sent to the !Moon.
Keep calm and ponies.
And me
Move where, the moon?
I could ask them about that Seth if you'd like?
Nopony's banning anything except parasprites and me.
x____x
nah its alright
Of the EqDaily Blogdaddies (and phoe), who's voice is your favourite?
if anything happens though let me know and i'll move it over
/me wonders if DerpyBot can !moon Seth...
seems fine right now!
Mines.... Probably... Cereal
Eeeyup!
HotCocoa: definitely not
Thanks, Sethisto!
Yeah I know.
Sethisto: How long are you going to be hanging around the IRC?
Then a tossup between seth an phoe
Nobody can kick a channel owner.
Seth = founder, Derpy = op
HotCocoa try it.
I haven't seen any problems with Geekshed since the netsplits have stablized.
Sheep: no, I already trolled myself.
Wait, they stablized?
Seth sounds like Scott Pilgrim, so I'd have to say Seth has the best voice of the 3 blog ponies
Like, for long-term?
I haven't noticed a netsplit for a while
yeah, that is true
Probably.
Better to aim high and miss then to aim low and hit Kencolt
See, when Sethisto types into IRC, I don't acutally hear his voice, so I don't know what he sounds like.
That's what I'm refering to, I heard they said they fixed the Boomer server.
Sheep Sethisto http://www.bronydb.com/p.php?qid=11
pfff
/me = AtomicBrony
Seth, your voice got promoted to favourite blogpony, tying with cereal
i never did like my voice
!link seth
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/27484?search=Seth
:O
/me = made of pony.
I think most people dislike their own voices.
/me omnoms
Gotta wonder
I've sounded like I was 30 since age 10.
/me is not for eating.
Cereal was inside Retsamoreh?
/me drinks MrMooMoo then.
0.o
i sound really... femenine when I talk normally... im a guy... 19 years old..
I've sounded like i was fourteen since age 5
Sheep, I used to have that problem. It'll settle in.
LoL, you must've sounded like Stewie from Family Guy Lordly
v___v thanks Bobbin
-____-
...at least you didn't say "warpped in socks."
*wrapped
Maybe...
Sockwear_Moon: Michael Clarke Duncan
SOCKS?!
/me wraps rarity in socks
Yeah, that guy.
"warpped in socks"
/me NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOs.
You would tasted good melted.
Seth, so what did you think of Sibsy dropping in to chat in here?
/me wraps Rarity in a fashionable shrug
I thought it was awesome
/me thinks we scared off Sethisto.
BTW, who is Sibsy?
its pretty awesome!
sorry multitasking
a artist for MLP FiM
Ah.
Pantsshy: Lead storyboard artist on MLP.
AH.
WE are so terrifying
i can ask her to come back one day and do a formal QA perhaps
I guess it's like, well, the ponies are my pack. I protect my pack. Mostly by biting, but well, ponies aren't very good at biting...
/me tries to will time to go faster so it can be September 17th
Octavia: +m chat even :P
we scare away the Brony who made me a Brony, albeit indirectly?
Understandable Seth, running EquestriaDaily must be really hard to do.
Nerd points? Through the roof
Yeah, she showed up and everyone was, "OMG SIBSY!"
Octavia: Encourage her to just hang with us more often. It was nice that she just came to chat.... I think we shouldn't have made SUCH a big deal of it.
So, I know Season 2 starts in 10 days. What time does it air, though?
I saw her first!
Oh I forgot to mention.
She never answered my question about cows is season 2...
And I was debating saying anything until she said it was okay.
Oh they bite just fine, just why bite when you have better tools.
Today is Rainbow dash day now.
It's 1 am, I better sleeps nao.
Solo, the mods were going out of their minds trying to keep the piece. we can only take so much :)
Night
Octavia: I'm biased against formal Q & As, Phoe never answered any of mine and I was WELL before the cutoff.
*peace
;P
Thats because she didn;t like you
Also: You people ttly missed it.
Yeah, it was pretty hard to mod when Sibsy came in.
Octavia: Yeah, I know. Still... if she came around more often, maybe people would stop going hyper about it.
or maybe your questions just sucked
I was DJing today at my college radio station and the dj after me never showed.
Agreed with RainbowDash
And her... I'd bite CELESTIA for her. Um. If I had to, Which I won't want to do. Because she's Celestia... and anyhow I kind of more deal with Luna-- I mean, she's the moon?\
its so rapid talky, I'm going to retreat to my cave until morning, when its less quick.
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
So I played MLP remixes for an hour.
Thanks for the awesome news site ^/^
/me wraps her front hooves around Sheep in a tight embrace
I don't even know who this 'Sibsy' is, so I'm sure I wouldn't have made a big deal. :P
!lullaby
/me carries Sheep off to bed
/me tucks Sheep in and hums a lullaby
And wolves and the Moon...
night all
G'night Sheep
Night sheep.
Count cows!
*night everypony
nn sheep
So, question
Sibsy is a storyboard artist for MLP FIM
night sheep
oh, i plan to moomoo
Solo, she is incredibly busy most of the time
i am derp
Octavia: I figured.
How did you guys know it was actually sibsy
Fireant~~~
rather than an imposter?
Well, time for this silly pony to sleep, nighty night folks!
Ah, gotcha. So s/he came in and everyone went nuts.
I am derpy hooves. dick goes where
Lordlyhour: she verified it.
We have our information on that
nn Leika
How?
/me knows sibsy personally :p
^
^
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Story: Saigonshy (http://tinyurl.com/3erzmj4)
/me is so jealous of Octavia
Sorry, I meant Octavia verified it :P
I had GOOD questions!
None of this, "Y R U SO GAY" stuff.
or, "WHO IS BEST PONI" for the 100th time
WHY MUST YOU BE O MUCH BETTER THAN ME?!
I like mon.
Don't be jealous of Octavia. You get to know Octavia personally, and that's just as good :P
Lets not start cap spam
Moon.
yeah, caps >.<
I want to be a moon. Sometimes.
Octavia~~~
Sethisto: Jeez, dude. You never stop working :P
YEAH, CA*shot*
Alright, i gotta head out! see yahs!
/me is attracted back to the chat by the idea of caps
G'night Seth
I recently discovered that Octavia is awesome.
KENCOLT YOU ARE SEXY. FUCK MY ANUS
Hey Fireant
FUCK TWILIGHT SPARKLE SHES A NIGGER
Just recently? bit late on that one
/me yawns and nibbles a sammich
/me drink HotCocoa
Well that was fun.
May I say what the hell is this?
Um.. am I hgearing a crazy pony?
I've been easing myself in to the fandom.
Most likely.
i bit my tongue and now it hurts and i keep raking it over the back of my teeth and it is driving me insane
Seth shows up... "Oh crap what did I get myself into GOOD NIGHT" ...and leaves.
coolstorybro
Yeah. Biting your tounge sucks'
Now who has op?
DICK GOES IN EAR IF THE NARWHAL BACON IS IN SUNDAY
Octavia: I do that all the damn time.
I bit my tongue once. It hurt.
Octavia: there's a way to fix tongue injuries. Let me think.
I do it allot with braces.
Only once? Damn your good
Is.. it it talking about... naughty stuff?
but who is phone?
Cut your tounge off
Yeah huh.
then it'll never happen again
But I believe the mouth has the fastest ability to heal.
Octavia: I think with tongue injuries, you're supposed to keep it cold for a while. It doesn't heal quickly normally because it bleeds too much.
Dear god
Tip of my tongue is numb forever.
Or something.
Sockwear: Eyes.
the image for saigonshy
More random, nonsensical, vulgar gibberish than anything, actually.
It is... insane?
is creepy as heck
Da na na nana...
cant touch this
did you know you can't say toy boat fast three times?
in a row*
/me touches derpderp.
Don't WANT to.
What was that?
?
.. But I just did it.
..
The more you know
Yes. Yes I can
indeed
I remember when I had some teeth pulled and I got morphine shot in my gums. A few hours later my lip was sore because I was chewing on it and didn't notice.
Nah, that's Da na nana.
you touched me in my vagina
we are mated for life
I bit the inside of my cheek once. It hurt.
http://millionthreason.files.wordpress.com/2009/09/phonesrang.jpg?w=215
Also, I was dissapointed that there is no "Octavia" category search. :(
What the hell.
I..may have been raised by ponies, but I kow of Wolven dignity. That that does NOT qualify.
PFF THIS SHOW IS FOR LITTLE GIRLS. STUPID BROWNIES
I was dissapointed that I never saw DJ PON3 in the show
gurren lagann in the middle
Even though that's where she comes from.
Who else saw this parasprite coming?
Ah. I think I see. We have a troll. Shall I bite it? Should I bite it?
parasprite? i shove them up my anal cavity
Vinyl Scratch needs to make some more appearances, she was cool
I bit the inside of my cheek before.
Agreed.
Probably too busy harassing Octavia.
Ooh, I'd like to see Vinyl take up the challenge against Trixie.
gurren lagann is the most best awesomeist
I love her mane.
Got herpes? We do too!
Octavia and Lyra...?
You know how those two are.
what is this new form of CG mecha?
who is allowing the advertising on this site
It hurt more then the time I broke my entire hand with a tractor.
Though, I there there are a few who could use more screen time.
@Zorotokon: IKR!?
I guess she harasses Lyra sometimes.
Who is allowing YOU on this site?
brb
Those super heroes sold out. :(
Big Macintosh, for example. He could use more screen time.
im waiting for season 2 of course
Yeah.
Lol, try eating after you bite the inside of your cheek. Its like you're eating nails.
Luna, too.
Srsyl Pantsshy, it just wouldn't stop hurting.
YES!! We need more Luna, Join the darkside! support princess luna <3
lol like the nintendo game
We'll get some cool new characters too hopefully.
It was like I tore the entire inside cheek off.
but it was just a nip!
Out of curiosity- whgat theb hay is this?
прывітанне
I figure if I fill the cavity with sugar, it'll be solid again and stop hurting
Azure, I'm a night-shift worker. I have to like Luna :p
тое, што вы кажаце
I naturally gravitate toward being a night owl for whatever reason.
Azure: WRONG! No matter how they do Luna, fans will fucking RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGE.
казаць, як спыніць поні вы Arnt поні. дурное асабістага
tiger and bunny, i heard of it but never saw it
Bah, someone will rage about anything.
They should be around more, but I don't think they should be part of the plot.
усе вы GAY
dasfagash
gasogaigas
safoiaasfasfaf
пеніс
BISON!
ён
Probably don't want to know what you're saying.
Goes for octavia/lyra/scratch, not Luna. Need moar luna.
BISON з'яўляецца гаспадаром
That would work.
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
Well see. I've got this voice for Luna in my head. That's the only thing I'm scared they'll ruin.
Luna SHOULD have been in Call of the Cutie
гэта залежыць
Вы bronie?
I was nocturnal before I started working at night, iv always loved luna :p also I LOVE HER VOICE in those like 2 seconds she spoke i d'aaawed so hard
калі так, то смактаць
:p
They're going to kill a lot of fanon
Has Spike ever sung, or has it always just been ponies?
tabitha is a pro
ON THE MOOOOOOOONONNNNNNNNNNN
This will cause Nerdrage
13lol
Luna should have been in Call of the Cutie at the end.
I belive Spike sang before.
Everything causes nerdrage.
BEEEEYEEEEETCHHHH
mmmmmbananas
Thank you Octavia
Ohhhh--- kayyy. Random Russian for no apparent reason.
13He'll be back I'm sure. lol
"Ponies might like you for stuff you don't think the will"
I remember there being some shots of him with a microphone.
nerdrage causes nerdrage
So, so you're a mmmbitch that likes mmmbananas?!
*Celestia looks at her CMark*
WTF?
He probably will be Octavia, but thanks for that, he was getting quite annoying :
:/
Sockwear_Moon: that's from him announcing the fashion show, I believe
Celestia should have been looking at Luna, nestled under her wing, reading the letter aloud to her.
11:09 PM - Mr. Creepy: they say you will be back. will you? 11:10 PM - Jim Carrey: nah
Yeah. He announced during the Fall Winter Friends.
Was it? Drat.
Er,
Fall something friends.
No need to worry, he is done!
He comes back-- I just might bite.
this looks like.. there's super heroes and since they always win the public just places bets on who will take down the bad guy
Weather
He and Pinkie did announcing. And I think he did it briefly during Rarity's show.
So this was never answered.. what is this show?
Fall weather friends and Suited for success
I guess he never sang.
WHOA!
Spose, yes, what TuxRug
Tiger and bunny
Probably too girly.
/me is not useful anymore
Spike DOES need to sing, though
Low, mellow voice.
Oh, thanks
OMFG.
everypony is providing episode refs before me
For rarity
/me fanfilly squee.
only 100X? he's already friggin strong
Flutterguy needs to sing more. :D
Xiagu: you've been replaced by a hjorde of noobs.
Hunh.. I could do that.
reminds me of moldiver
Pantsshy, :(
/me ain't a noob...
MrMooMoo: Nooo! no, just like, a line or two.
Luna must sing in S2.
Pantsshy, at least it's a hjord. Is that something like a fjord?
/me goes to bed
It is required.
Best song so far was Flutterguy's song.
G"night
And it must be about socks.
Ponies: "Sing, sing, sing, sing"
She's an evil enchantress, and she does evil dances / and if you look into her eyes, she will put you in trances / and what will she do? / she'll mix up an evil brew / and gobble you up in a big tasty stew / so, watch out!
In fact, she must wear socks while singing about socks.
Spike: "OOOOOOH YEAAAAAH"
lol
It's certainly intersting.. wierd as all tail but interesti9ng.
And she must have a sock on her horn for good measure.
Ponies: "Sing, sing, sing..."
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttnPs_3jDhI
Sockwear_Moon, EqAD please, if you're going to talk like that
Like a chorus
Wat?
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttnPs_3jDhI
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
I couldn't find this video in the library, maybe Twilight knows more.
.....
Pantsshy :P
Azure_CoalSpark
I was making a reference to a fic. :P
I THOUGHT SO. But I think the fic I'm referencing is a differnt one
And.. I never knew clothing could make someone look.. LESS dressed...
Because it had something something but it didn't have luna.
o0
Probably. Because my reference was from one of the happy luna fics.
ice ice navy
lol like hour man?
Where I totally stole my name from.
actually, I'll be honest....the show could do with LESS singing
But the whole, "And then you put this on your horn" thing made me think it was a fic... that MrMooMoo read some of the other night.
Shamelessly.
but only 5 minutes
Consult a doctor if you become 4 hour man
Marshmellon?
Tux_Otaku: Go watch some other show, then.
my puns are reaching a new level.. i'm going deeper!
MrMooMoo: SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
/me covers her ears with her hooves to block out Pantsshy's shouting
It is part of the show.
I'll get BANNED!
Bobbin, yeah I know
/me 's favorite song in the show is Winter Wrap-up
Gross.
suzaku
I like that the singing doesn't feel forced in MLP.
Your puns.. they burn my eyes!
I eat marshmellows!
Gah, crap, now I have winter wrap-up stuck in my head.
Most the time they sing it goes with the flow of the episode.
Tuxrug, the singing is one of the best parts.
I'm not big on it
I don't hate it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8UqDEGoQM1w
has At The Gala memorized
YOUR eyes? I'm a wolf! I have night vision! ARRGH!
Wait, TuxRug, TuxOtaku. WTF SO CONF?USED.
My favorite version of Winter Wrapup, so far.
We need more Rainbow Dash singing?
.
There's actually a few consecutive frames in WWU that make it epicly awesome
Did you know that Almost ALL of the songs blend pretty easily into each other?
I was too busy being comatose during At The Gala.
Has Dash had her own song yet?
so you can see dark humor
I wish Rainbow's singing sounded more like her normal voice
Nope
No.
/me slaps MeteorVenture around a bit with a large trout
Like in left for dead, where it was written in the same key and style and stuff...
That was horrible.
*ba dum tiss*
Bobbin: she had a solo in At the Gala
I can't see ANYTHING.
huh? what?
meh, close enough
/me bricks MeteorVenture
lol
I wish Applejack and Pinkie Pie's singing didn't sound like RD's singing.
?
Because it was unexpected for them to all burst into a flash mob lke that.
you pinged me.
yea Rainbow's singing voice is a little TOO tomboyish, the first time i heard it, it was pretty jarring
/me is at the ready to deliver rimshots when needed.
...
ponies and ponies and ponies and ponies and ponies and ponies and ponies
10 million fluttershys. I don't know why, that calms me down...
I like it.
I can't get it out of my head
Ponies EVERYWHERE
Ryex: SWAG!
Solo: I checked how long you've been in here
/me makes a sweeping motion with his hand.
ITS RAINING PONIES
CEO with the shows exposision.
I don't know how it calms YOU down, but it makes my heart explode from the cuteness overload.
Hallehlugheioewihsgljndsdf Fuck spelling fail
TuxRug: and?
Azure_CoalSpark: hallelujah?
dang that brick thing was a great setup.. i can't make it work though
HALLELUGH
Ponies, ponies everywhere.
Yeah
THAT.
sorry to crush your spirits sumica
spirit*
*ba dum tiss*
It's a wolf thing.
P
I just clicked you and clicked info.
x___x
TuxRug: and?
I think the best song every would be if the voice actress for fluttershy actually sang this song
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxoGmVjAsmE&list=PLF308B0793AC6082B&index=16
[I can't get it out of my head] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8qcEc1AXGUE
We.. accept cute.
I smell a Char
i wouldn't mind an extended verion of fluttershy's lullaby
*version
I prefer Sweeite Belle's lullaby, honestly. XD
yea, if flutteryshy had sang the whole song itd be cool
TuxRug: I signed on about 7 hours ago.
do you believe in life after love?
Mason_Trowel: You respect aretha-franklin style signing, eh?
Alright, time for my paperwork. I'll be back later, folks.
Very much so, Solo.
Singing. jeez.
● [Solo] idle 00:02:17, signon: Wed Sep 07 17:05:51
come on hands! I taught you better than that!
Ryex: that was fantastic.
Life after love? Still trying to dealwith a crush...
TuxRug: Yeah. So what's your point?
And Azure_CoalSpark: I agree.
i smell a cher
I was just curious, that's why I clicked info
This just got disturbing.
but it sticks there, and doesn't go away!
....well, alright then. Heh.
TUXRUG: WHY DID YOU BRING THIS CRAP INFORMATION UP?
*sense
Blegh
Mason_Trowel: Sweetie Belle's Lullaby: Stay Up Late Mix. Heh. I love that name.
*/)^3^(\AWESUM
Pantsshy: because solo's bugging me about a ping
i've found that you can effectively deal with a crush.. by quitting thinking about it and avoiding those people
...So why did you ping him?
He did it on accident
He mentione that somebody had A solo in a song
brb i need to make dafodil sammich
Why didn't he just say that?
Ah
It inadvertently pinged solo
/me just goes off and dies.
Lol.
Now THAT is hard as hell, IMO. Music is my medicine for that.
Have fun.
That's the ping? I thought he was talking about something that happened when I clicked info.
-__(\
No
Mason_Trowel, SWEETIEBELLE uses Backup Singers! It's super effective!
/me facehoof -_(\
Xiagu: Lawl.
So
So
sadfact: you can't name your pokemon SWEETIEBELLE, it's too long :(
lo
extremely hard*
Um... That should be easy.. I never actually MET her, just, well saw pictures and heard about her and... stuff like that.
So
Spitfire X Fluttershy: Spitshy? or Flutterfire?
Lo
APPLEBLOOM and SCOOTALOO are legit, though.
Omg, you know what'd be awesome for Fighting is Magic? Cutie Mark Crusaders!
Sweetie Belle is great. I can't wait till my Dumb Fabric shirt arrives.
FlutterFire
definitely FlutterFire
All three CMC as one character. Nice idea.
I"m looking for something with an "N" in it
Spitshy sounds, strange.
or maybe FireShy
I guess I'm just a fancub.
2^
To make SpitShyNe
Spose, because everypony totally /loves/ that game mechanic
music + crush = orange crush
I guess the only problem is that you'd have to be smacking little children around.
lol Pantsshy
wut
I don't know if I could hit Fluttershy, let alone sweetiebell
TugRux: wat
I could hit Sweetie Belle /WITH/ Fluttershy
/me picks up Fluttershy
Fluttershy automatically wins all fights because at the mere thought of harming Fluttershy the opponent breaks out into tears.
…
/me equips Fluttershy
I could hit Fluttershy /WITH/ Sweetie Belle.
this anime just got alot more interesting
And that would be awesome.
Sockwear_moon: are you Apple Cider or Chef Sande?
WTF, Pantsshy!
I couldn't hit anypony. That's just mean.
wat?
Which one.
Neither? I confus
Wait, what?
*sandy
Although Trixie sometimes makes me want to kick something.
what now that it's over? =p
/me gently kicks a vase, and it wobbles.
Sockwear isn't either of the people from Bronyville podcast, methinks.
I could use my udder cannons to wet her.
Cyril ships Twixie.
It's official.
I don't even know who they are, lol.
Sockwear_Moon, Fluttershy attacks by being moe and adorable. Level 1 super is her squeaky smile sound effect
^ made that up
Ugh
^^ should totally be true anyway
^Duh
...
At the first one
Ok, over proud much?
Fluttershy is best pokemon.
fluttershys rubber ducky squeak?
Geez, Ninjas.
Her "Grin" sound.
oh lol
so more of the same or something else?
"I'm the world Champ, you know. Betcha can't beat me!"
lol i guess so..
BATTLE--
START!
^ squeak
OMFG yes!
She could replace chancey in the pokecenter
Pantsshy, oh shit
Fluttershy is the boss.
Pantsshy, DO WANT
I can't wait to play as Trixie. Or even beat on Trixie. Either/or.
And again, 10 million flutershys. Becaue i LIKE it.
resetting stream.
shows seem to get most interesting near the end anyway.. a big finish in other words
man, I had to go AFK to avoid my parents being mad at me for staying up late, came back to the end of this
Hey dawg
or this noise http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZkv9cTQ2Mg
10 million fluttershy's and they would still be in short supply for all the fanboys
I heard you like Trixie so I put Trixie with your Trixie so you can hurt Trixie while you Trixie.
Indeed.
back up
That sounds almost like a caption for that pic of Trixie holding a Trixie picture and Trixie plush.
Yeah, well... I can see that... but one Twilight Sparkle is enough for me.
How do you "trixie"?
no pony loves trixie as much as trixie loves trixie
/me hides his head under his paws again. "I just said that out loud, didn' I?"
I bet Trixie's blanket has a picture of Trixie on it.
This is called Steliva of the universe
ya i know.. i wouldn't want more than 1
Hi guys
In Gollum's voice: "I told you she was..."Trixie"...
Hi Barry
hi again, Barry :P
:P
on the other hand more than 1 of me would be kinda cool.. we would be bro's.. and drive each other insane saying the same joke all the time and knowing what each other is thinking
Mason_Trowel:.... nice
The Great and Powerful Trixie demands more Trixie fic n pics
Hey, if Nintendo gave the green light to make another Super Mario movie, how do you think it would be received?
More than 1 of me would be interesting.
Barry? I have not met a barry?
*fics n pics
/me is still waiting for ballad
Poorly I would guess
And Barry, no idea, but after the things I've heard about the last one..
Of TwilightSparkle
lol barry i would watch it
Depends, if they make it live-action I can see it being another "So Bad It's Good" deal
also i think it wouldn't be received so poorly if it had no relation to the last one
I've heard of an unofficial Ocarina of Time movie. I hope Nintendo greenlights an official version
Then again, I doubt Barry has met me...
Know what I'm still waiting on?
'tis what I'm waiting for myself.
A Metroid movie.
real socks for your pet pony?
>.>
Especially with 3DS reigniting the wonder of OoT
oh ya that'd be awesome
mother for the 3DS
But there is not nearly enough Trixie in my image folder.
Did the author die?
Oh my god, Mother would be amazing
Speaking of which, I hope that the fan outburst is large enough to warrant Nintendo making Majora's Mask 3D
nah i won't own a 3DS but hey that'd still be cool
You know, I still don't have a "Pony" folder...
Hmm...
There was one in production, I think, but it ended up in Development Hell
Me neither
I do have a few images on my PC though
If they could do an official Mother 3.. I'd buy a 3DS.
mostly for lulz.
Me neither
Sockwear_Moon, you saw the pic of Trixie in bed next to a Trixie photo cuddling a Trixie plushie, right?
I still haven't finished Mother 3 though :P
Yeah, I've got it saved to my Pony folder.
I doubt they'd release Mother 3, except on virtual console as is
i just got done playing earthbound zero for the first time like yesterday
Hey guys
Only good ipod wallpapers i save
read the comments here
nopony saw that
You still spelled it wrong.
I have succeeded at counter trolling
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HGnF80eHeMU&feature=related
I've been meaning to play Earthbound Zero, how was it?
:P
btw LOL not hard:P to all the people saying it is
like they did with the Wii and how they'd release some Japanese games on VC
but it was harder than the usual fare
The only pic I have so far is the Applebloom Karate-kicking gi because it's adorable when set to the song "Moskau" by Dschingis Khan.
*gif
How many people knew that Starfox Adventures didn't start out as a Starfox game?
Guys?
Huh?
Please briefly evaluate Elvensith001's counter trolling
At that link.
You mean gameplay wise or plot wise?
i liked EBZ.. it was interesting.. it never got particularly boring unless i decided to do something ridiculous that i knew i wouldn't save for a couple hours straight and it was extremely repetitive.. which i did
Plotwise
Really?
/me has passed out at the keyboard.
Yeah, it started out as a game for the N64 called Dinosaur Planet
Well troll wasnt really a good troll
I remember hearing it wasn't a Star Fox game originally, but I had no idea what it actually started as
Strange. I liked Starfox Adventures though.
So, do I win?
There's a pony named Oatmeal.
I especially like the finisher, I'm getting really good at those, I think.
You responded to a troll.
Pinkie Pie's comment, explained.
/me (سಥ益ಥ)س
/me just wanted to make that face
I don't see a face
/me /)^ε^(\
but Nintendo pressured Rare into adding Star Fox. That took a while, and by the time it was ready, The Gamecube was popular, so it was released on that as Star Fox Adventures
it looks like constipated darth vader face
/me pings Sketchy_Sounds (Freeze wanted in the Bucket in five minutes)
or at least, that's what I heard
lol
Azure.
OK
Is that the Y U NO guy and Rainbow Dash's awesomefaec?
That's terrible.
^Yes, Socks.
what's this anime?
I knew it started out as Dinosaur Planet, though
Stellvia
its terrible....but true
Stellvia of the Universe
Woo, I can read ASCII.
I cant send why wub you face
i recognize that jar of stuff.. why do i recognize that jar of stuff?
It wont let me
Plot element.
and alright thanks!
Why /)^3^(\
never saw this show before
i don't think
brb, gotta troll Mafia game.
because / prefixes commands
Ohhhhhhhhh
/)^3^(\
You were saying?
/)^3^(\
I were saying?
Were we saying?
Thou were saying?
Think )^3^(\ should become a command in this chat...
/)^3^(\
Art thou sayeth?
/)^3^(\
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ocdKJT6y6g&feature=player_detailpage#t=75s
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
I couldn't find this video in the library, maybe Twilight knows more.
Y U NO /)^3^(\?
Make sure to copy that =75s
goodnight, ponies. I am dead tired and my mate wants me to sleep
You shall see how adorable Applebloom is
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bjkM_y-Wps&list=PL9DD00D6DAAB22053&index=24
Night Octavia
Goodnight
soda pillz here
Good night Octavia drink milk!
Guile's Theme Goes with EVERYTHING
Night Octavia
WOOO!
Hey, goodnight, Octavia!
Good night Octavia. Sleep well.
<3!
What is this... 'Sleep' thing you speak of.
Love you, doll.
oh god, maskau...the literal version of this song has haunted my dreams for years
Oh no, my chat broke. Darn it!
Night Octavia
Is it anything like that 'outside' thing people keep going on about?
Sounds like a flavor for indigestion.
Lol portal
Octavia still here?
Goodnight, Octavia!
X----X
Nope
Eeeenope.
I think everyone had a sugar crash.
Helooo Marshmelon where have you been?
http://thechive.com/2011/09/07/whatever-happens-dont-say-awwwww-35-photos/
On MAfiaScum.net
.../forum
The post is here
http://www.mafiascum.net/forum/viewtopic.php?p=3414327#p3414327
lol
Read... maybe the previous two posts.
But that's the real gold.
12% battery left..
Wat
Is that a lion tongue bathing a doe?
am i a bad person if i didnt saw awww?
say*
that girl truly understands the gravity of the situation
dat visor
I almost awww'd at the otter being fed and the rat eating noodles, but otherwise I only smiled.
I didn't say aww, but I said 'wat' a couple of times.
i was like 'Meh'
I mean, I'm exposed to fluttershy daily. Its hard to make me daww with kittens and such anymore.
I agree with Spose
Like. That Llama.
The shaved Llama. Wat.
i was like LOL
Leonon: I eventually grew so disgusted that I closed it. Why did you link us to ten-thousand pictures of pugs?
I'm Ayaku, and I've never seen you before.
Symbolism!
And I know Everyone, and that means EVERYONE is Stellvia.
pugs are weird
next to me is john
And the lion bathing the fawn/doe/deer/critter made me go wat.
Why dont people eat cats?
Marshmelon: "Ew, dog."
YES. This is what I want to mod into Street Fighter IV.
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-sonic-rainboom.jpg
So if I've never seen you before, then that means you're NEW!
MrMooMoo: they can't catch them.
It's like everything awesome about Guile, Sonic Boom, Sonic Rainboom, Rainbow Dash and Shoryuken all at once.
And if you're new, then you need a PAR-TAY!
Heh.
People eat dogs...
And if you're new, that means you haven't met anyone yet!
Dogs are stupid
inb4 tinkerbell turns on wendy
and not good for much else
people eat food
And easy to catch
Such good memories.
Because for some strange reason its culturally unacceptable to eat cats for who knows y, also i dont think cats would taste that good or really have much meet (says the guy who likes to eat squirrel)
Cats are hard to catch, full of gristle, boundless utility...
Vietnamese eat cats.
Seen this one have you Sol?
Why do people eat cows?
Azure: Someponies eat cats...
WHY
i eat noodles
A question.
MrMooMoo: THEY ARE EASY TO CATCH.
because cows are full of yummy meat
SEE?! I told you they had a party.
(No.)
they're like pinyatas filled with meat
You hit them with a stick and steaks fall out?
/me hides
/me just realized he has no idea how this convo got started
Lolololol
Little foals probably drink milk from their mother breast. So we assume that CMC are not so little to continue drinking milk? Or Sweetie Belle and Applebloom use AJ and Rarity in that purpose?
also a meat pinyata would be epic, sounds like something Epic meal Time should do
They could drink my milk.
... :O
Does that assume that Sweetie Belle and Apple Bloom are the DAUGHTERS of AJ & R?
Because, you know...
They're not.
.__.
I'm having a hard time rejoining this conversation while staying PG.
Have you seen AJ and Rarity mothers around?
I think somthing with a bit more action is in order. hope you all don't mind the not sticking to one show.
Oh it's fine.
Its a serious question and have nothing to do with sex :p
In the future yes.
they're probably weened since they can talk
Have you seen AJ in downtime from having a foal?
All ponies spawned from the princess
I'm fine with that too :P
Supposedly more of the Mane 6's families are gonna show up in season two. Word of Sibsy. ^_^
Oh
True that.
SHOW up/
I thought you said "GROW up.
Test
pass
"More of their families Grow up! The mane six stay the same age, though"
>:V
Lol
Ghost in the Shell?
Hello.
yes
Now this is something I can get into.
ghost in the stellvia
I have not seen this.
first season
(just like in ALL cartoons)
well obviously age works in Equestria like it does in The Sims, they suddenly grow up and change size to adult form
That means it's the laughing man, right? I can't remember.
Ghost in the shell:stand alone complex first gig
Guys, see you later! It's almost 1 AM here, and so my internet is going to shit off
Correct
wtf, there is a chinese weather report on TV.
night Marshmelon
g'night
Bye, Marshmelon
Begone Marshmelon.
I haven't seen this before either, I've heard of it though
Night Marshmelon drink milk!
I could take some good guesses as to the whereabouts of the parents. Or, they could go the disney route and murder every parent ever.
Looks like I'll be staying up later tonight than I though.
heh, turned on my comp, had this page on idle in the background. was wondering what the anime was coming from XD
*thought
We already know that ponies woohoo.
Leonon: Sure. The other thing that might work is that Snails is an adolescent.
Hello frosty
He's got the growth spurt.
lol Hi frostybrand
as long as they dont all talk in "wub wub wub"... like charlie brown not like dubstep
Spose: Disney doesn't murder every parent...
They turn them evil.
broke that arm
adult ponies talking in dubstep...
/me loves Yoko Kanno music.
Oh, except, like, the half-stepmothjer... okay
11hmmm
CharlieBrown Adult Dubstep somehow appeals to me.
Marshmelon, sleep is waiting for you.
Shoo!
No, I"m not going to sleep
and yes it's the dub
Shoo be do!
Every parent in a disney move is evil or dead. The only exception I think is The Little Mermaid.
Y U always so eager to get rid of me?
carefull frostybrand taht can get you kicked
0wait where's the rules at?
Because I don't like you.
great, now I want to download Charlie Brown and replace the adults talking with dubstep. Thanks Azure, look what you've done
Spose: Tangled, but that's not a classic...
DRiNK MiLK
/me doesn't mind the dub.
Bottom of page
Of course.
The mother is evil in that.
No
The withc is evil in that
0ah. no colors? aww...
Sleeping Beauty
Baby-napped.
dang backspace
Search it on youtube!
Both her parents are alive
Oh, right.
And not the sleepy kind, either.
And not evil
http://www.dinkypage.com/115136
i was gonna make a joke about AD 2101
War was beginning.
Aladdin.
the war began?
Still, she grew up with her as a mother
?
and she was evil
Aladdin had parents?
I need to get up early for school tomorrow, but since I've already taken melatonin and can't get to sleep, I'm gonna stay up instead :P
herd mind
yep
What happen
PC had a pappa
Someone set up us the bomb
SOMEONE SET US UP THE BOMB
*PJ
This is totally pony related.
Aladdin's father was disappeared until the third movie, and his mother is deceased.
for great justice
Oh good times. Good times.
I only saw the originals.
Speaking of movies that make grown men cry, who saw the Luna video earlier on the front page of EQD?
/me wounders how banned he'd get for hookign cleverbot up to this IRC
/me like Cowboy Bebop.
The Little Mermade 2 had both parents alive, right?
I actually really enjoyed the third movie. It's the only Disney sequel I can say that about, barring the Toy Story franchise.
Spose, link pls.
0well, back to what I was doing, TTYL
yep, that was earlyer though sotha
/me has no idea what the eff you guys are talking about.
I saw, spose
WHAT?
And bye frosty
I missed COWBOY BEBOP!
The manly tears were flowing like waterfalls.
I'm not a mod, but if you managed to get Cleverbot to sing Winter Wrap-Up, I wouldn't mind. :P
just one ep
0howza emote?
Which one?
: P without the space
:P
I want to see but I also don't
0no i mean text not smiles
Hey guys
5% battery left on ipod... Well imma go sleep.
oh what then?
night moomoo
or use the emote button if you are in through Mibbit.
Guys
/me you mean like this frosty?
Good night and drink milk.
btw if you haven't seen this it's great.. you can bookmark it for later or something if you want http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qE6emvdmg-M
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/when-she-loved-me.html
0oh not in mibbit. k
if you mean text, I'd assume just using =P or something works
slash me
http://www.mafiascum.net/forum/viewtopic.php?p=3414314#p3414314
Luna link for whoever was asking
/me 0works huh?
I like this song too. Go Yoko!
0well whattya know XD
Watch it, Leonon. It's worth the tears.
Good night!!
/me sees the video's name "Oh god no"
I don't like that song though...
Dumb song!
(Sweetie Belle)
pray and spray
I managed to watch the whole thing and shed one tear. I consider myself a callous monster.
Nah
You're not a callius monster
When she loved me? The toy story 2 song?
Yes
all these advanced persecoms running around
*callous
Wait.. so people have metal brains?
dat chobits reference.
They have prosthetic bodies.
I mean, people are cyborgs in this?
Oh.
cyberbrains
I'll watch the video later...maybe...
There are cyborgs too.
As a hardcore luna fan, I dont know why I didnt cry on Pinkie Pie levels from it.
Its a beautifully made video Leo.
Bato, right?
yes
catch coma!
Definetly bookmark it or something.
I did
tachcoma
BRB showertime
Bah, I play too much Ace Attorney, the runner reminds me of one of the guys in GK2
/me wonders if this has the tachicomatic days shorts at the end.
Marshmelon's asleep, post pugs
Jesus, Finally.
One day I ban that troll into abyss.
Oh, is this what a normal chat looks like?
I can't believe I'm eating a Fruit by the Foot for like, the first time since 5th grade
cyborg contractors with death notes and geass powers would be kinda cool
nah would be too op
obviously lol
Man, Spose, you linked the vid, so I had to watch it again...Now I'm all sad and stuff.
besides geas and Dk would almost be redundant.
His Thpecial Talent!
not really.. also fluttershy has geass powers
I think your the second person ever to watch a vid I've linked.
true
wait.. dk?
...Why's that?
lol some one needs to make that pmv
Read "Ballad of Twilight Sparkle" or Elements of Gaming. That'll cheer you up.
Death Knote =p
I dunno. IRC is usually moving too fast for people to watch stuff.
/me is tired
lol ya that's what i thought:P
donkey kong with geass = OP
Hmm, I see.
dubing over staremaster clips with code geass audio
people click on my links all the time, but I link a lot
Dirty old man likes to be a geasha robot when drunk.
there was already a picture with her doing there stare with her eye edited to be geass-y
wat
Weaping ANgel!
She turned her back
If people do click on my links, I never get a comment about the vids. I linked a Guile's Theme of Rainbow Dash earlier.
lol
I cheered myself up by reading that Rainbow Dash comic.
Don't look away, and DON'T BLINK
Which I think fit the show better than the actual show.
the stare*
Oh wow. And now the TV in the sun room that my uncle watched all day every day while on his laptop is realllllllly loud static.
he probably passed out or something
wooooo.
Ah, I'm sorry, Spose.
I'd actually seen it already.
But I probably should've said so.
not the NEIPA
No worries. Seth came in and got everyones attention around the same point anyway.
How do you do that thing where you bold a name to make the beep?
You type out the users name
heh notice the glare on his glasses. love the symbolism
does UP3 ring a bell for anyone?
It bolds the name only on the receiving person's end.
/me did not notice. What was the symbolism?
Like this: Spose
dat alarm clock sound
Spose
:D
You type out the name and send it. It pings the person whose name it is to inform them that someone is talking about them.
it's unrelated btw.. just wondering
Mason_trowel
glare on the glass meens diffrent things like only one eye, is for like. Not who they seem to be or two faced.
A "highlight" in most clients
Wockstar
...
You didn't capitalize the 't' in Trowel
underdeveloped planetary protection pact
Oh okay.
:(
Like with mine, i added Celestia to the Ping list, So i know when she is being talked about :)
Also known as a ping
if you ping everyone at once Fireant comes on and kicks you
13Oooh, Ghost in The Shell.
Wockstar
Ah. Case sensitive.
TV tropes has a topic on it.
YES!
I believe so.
Yep Octavia
Solo
You're welcome.
13:P
Solo
Yeah, and don't ping Fireant unless you really need him
whoops
Hahahaha.
PING ALL THE THINGS!
Lol
/me is sooooo dead
Nice one, RD.
Guessing it doesnt bold for the person who says it
/me hides RainbowDash under a table.
No
Spose: right
that must realy mess up some ones head.
Only for the receiver
Kay. Thanks!
having your brain removed and pluged in a box.
/me lurk in.
No problem
/me growl at the pings.
Eh. Happens every day.
haha, yeah
PING@
Wheres the ping list thingy?
I want to add Luna to it. :D
No idea
If you're on the webchat, you can't changei t
I mean, it happened to Sethisto, right?
Depends on your client, Spose.
Ah. Nevermind then.
Lolo.
Solo
suddlly thinking of 7 heads in a duffle bag.
Lolo? Is that, like, a horrible nickname for me?
/me sniggers at the webchaters.
o.o
No, Han.
You are Han.
it's a movie Sol
LOL
/me uses Trillian, and consequently had to manually code the pinging/highlighting feature.
i see what u did there
on a side note i type in "underde" in google and get.. underdeveloped breasts as the first suggestion.. WAT?
/me has never heard that joke before, Fireant. Not even once in this chat. >.<
google safe search fail
Why were you typing underde? Is this a guessing game?
You see?
I beat them all.
underdead?
that's google autocomplete, for you
lolwat
.....
underdealt hands in poker?
MAGICS?!
And that, my friends, is how a troll makes their exit in style :P
/me covers her ears with her hooves to block out Wockstar's shouting
sorry..
It actually has been said before, Solo.
underdeveloped countries?
De magicks!
You just missed those times, I guess
Mason_Trowel... I was being sarcastic.
i was looking up underdeveloped planetary protection pact
UP3
>.<
/me dies.
/me has never heard of it.
Hard to tell in a text-based setting
boo no tachicomatic days in this one.
damn
whoops
Solo is dead again
"Underdeveloped Planet Preservation Pact"
my memory has failed me!
it's from a video game
Star Ocean.
Sounds like somthing from star ocean
I looked it up on google.
yep
I have returned :D
Good for you
I did't look that up ^_^
How was the shower?
:P
Yay Shanti Snyder!
nice:D
Guess i remember playing that long ass game on the ps2
*shakes water outta hair* goooooood :3
i was thinking about asking you specifically but nah i kept it an open question
or was tht the 1
Das good
so how is everyone else? did I miss anything awesome?
Solo died
You missed me arrive.
PS2 i'm quite sure
HOLD IT
big tank
oh, that is sad
It's okay, Azure.
I can live with it.
shhh
lol
your dead
man i tried playing through.. but those battle trophies...
you cant speak
Zombie!!!
What about, them, Wockstar? (Hint hint: Use the proper form of You're)
/me is just being a jerk, now. Sorry.
i kinda quit after those became a hassle and i hate to skip those
lolololololol
/me is crying now
I have them both on the psp now but well ponies has taken up most my free time.
but my brother beat it anyway
Your dead. Bring them out.
Sorry, Wockstar. I'd go commit seppuku, but, it's a little late for that.
Guise what game are we talking about?
Star ocean
Sockwear: This one isn't quite dead yet. Is that okay?
/me is no-longer crying
Guise?
we only played the first 1
ok im done crying now
sounds like guys
Now it's time for vengeance?
the pst one was the second one, the first one was only released here in the US last year.
Yeah, but I think Guise would be a cool name to go by.
if you say so
er ps2
Just wait here
dis guise ^_^
/me walks off into his room
*tests the waters* Hello?
hello Aellos
Hi there. Welcome.
Hello :D
/me walks back out holding big knife
oh cool :D
O_O
PS2.. I remember hearing about Star Ocean, I just don't know if I've ever played it.
It reminds me of my Roke's name.
1 letter away from guile
so Solo
Hi scallywag
Wockstar your scaring Aellos
Hello scallywag
Aellos: New here?
hey
sorry Aellos
L.O.
im just murdering
heya scallywag
Yup, not new to EqD, but new to the IRC, just clicked it
Lol, continue Wockstar :D
okie dokie
Aellos: Indeed. I lurked on EQD for a while before coming here as well.
loki
now Solo
Aellos
this is kinda taking me back to final fantasy.. can't remember which one though
Lol, I just noticed the 'ponychats' button next to the page and went "hmmm"
F.U.N.E.X?
where do you want to be stabbed first?
Legend of Dragoon!
with these machines around
Sorry, stupid netbook keyboard. Aellos: Good crowd here. You should fit right in.
i need to play that
Awesome. :D
I was hesitant to hop on here since the last time I joined a community on IRC it did not end well. :P
Bronies are cool people in general.
That game had some great cutseenes sotha
Its why I like MLP.
I've noticed that.
in fact i might play that really soon after earthbound
Wockstar: Aim for my squeedly-spooch. It's in that jar over there.
C.
and the combo attacks.
While a bit crazy, bronies are really nice. :D
you need to play legend of legaia
ok
Spose: Yeah. Pretty much.
That button is shovelled in with banners as far as inattentive perception goes
Its sad but I actually used EqD for like 3 weeks before finding the ponychat button, I only found it cause I did a "MLPFiM chatroom" search
I mean, you know its going to be a nice ride when the slogan is "We will love and tolerate the shit out of you"
I still reacall that one purple chicks "DIE MORE AND MORE!" line
/me stabs Solo's squeechie-squooch
Best motto evar
/me dodges.
damn
http://www.emuparadise.me/fup/up/37096-Legend_of_Legaia_(ccd)-2.jpg
now Xenogears was a truely long game.
ooh
I actually used that at work the other day, some kid was tryin to act all tought, so I said the love and tolerate thing, he just got really confused and walked away
There's alot of kinda dickish bronies : (
and I can't stop watching that dern video that was posted earlier..
I told you to aim at the squeedly-spooch, not my squeechie. I need that.
/me pulls out gun and shoots squeeshie-squooch
I want to say that to someone sometime
oh
sorry
/me dodges.
Your aim sucks man.
i does...
Pff, there is no such thing as murder.
/me starts crying again
I can fix that.
Ponies don't die, what're you talking about
/me removes Wockstar's tear ducts. Nothing bad could come of that!
There is murder. But only for fish.
/me dies
NO
As shown in Winter Wrap Up
THAT NEVER HAPPENED
Spose: and only for Baron Awesome.
NONONONONO
No need for caps, User_9129.
Idk y but this conversation is making me want to turn Dr. Kevorkian into a pony pun but it isnt working
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: My Little Topgear in the Official Topgear Magazine (http://tinyurl.com/3brench)
http://us.playstation.com/Content/OGS/SCUS-94254/Site/media/group_tree.jpg
Poor fishies.
there ya go.. legend of legaia!
You would have thought Pinkie Pie would be the killer, but no, it was Fluttershy.
that game needs more recognition
Well of course, they wouldn't love her?
That episode made me wonder how Fluttershy would be on a date.
And then I kind of got scared and hid.
Well, you'd be doing most the talking.
funny story though.. my brother played it a long time ago.. then later we bought it again and he was wondering if we knew he played it or if it was his or something like that
Omg, I forgot to read Cross and Arrow part 9
!moon
Grab my tail, Spose!
so nobody cares that im dead
lol wut
I also don't really have the desire to read that fic for some reason.
What did you do Spose?
Wat?!
Lol, what was that?
He mooned himself.
*snicker*
Really now?
hehehe
mooned
I want to grab Derpy's tail : (
Lol that was strannnge
It is quite easy to moon yourself when ponies are involved. Not so much IRL.
how was your trip Spose
Cheese.
If you grab derpy's tail will muffins come out her mouth?
Cheese is good
It tasted like cheese.
User_9129: type !moon to grab Derpy's tail and get kicked out of the chatroom
Derpy's tail tasted like cheese?
!muffinkiss
/me regurgitates a whole, fresh looking muffin and approaches Solo, showing her most adorable kissing face
ewwww
mmm
Mmmmdelicious.
Derpy is a minx.
Also brb.
O_o
DerpyBot is best Bot
Solo you still dead?
Yes, Derpybot has some, interesting commands...
!makeout
/me gives Solo a searching look and then flies off to #EquestriaAfterDark
apparently not, Wockstar
When I die I want to go on a tank rampage.
So....this Lunar Republic thing...I'm kinda wondering what that is about?
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
Must have been fun to program her.
Thank you!!
/me glomps Solo
!oatmeal
Lunar Republic?
Is best republic.
0oh hey guys again. just saw this: http://www.ebay.com/itm/110740955959 its the rainbowdash cosplay costume. for sale.
Aellos: It's a fan joke playing off of Trollestia. Knowyourmeme.com it.
Just one part of the bronydom I'm new to. I just got a piece of art added to the DA group
I am a proud member of the Lunar Republic
Hmm okay *runs after*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf0tYs5U5RI
Did't think he would sell it.
That is what made me love the Lunar Republic.
Twilight's Book Club is best club.
I like this song too,
wow so much money
I agree that that's a good song
Then again bronys seem to have alot of cash to throw around cant blame him for wanting to cash in.
Luna pony is best pony.
not unexpected
I know.. but 1 grand?
Sad song
Neigh
but I /don't/ agree that you should join the NLR just 'cause you like it
and I consider that costume creepy. The joints are all wrong.
I knowyourmeme-ed it and didn't find anything lol
/me is neutral in the Solar Empire | Lunar Republic thing
But awesome song
I wasn't really "in" to MLP before that. I watched the show, but didn't care much for the fandom. Then I discovered notacleverpony
would be hard to wear it if they went the right way =p
Aellos: KYM Trollestia
Ahhh okay
But the right way is the only right way!
ahhhh memebase
I think I watched the entire first season on the day I saw the pilot after saying to myself, 'Just one wouldn't hurt.'
I only pick a side on the Republic/Sol Empire because someday I want to play a RTS game where you can be those two.
I just hope it is only used as intended.
where would i be without you?
Outside?
Okay...this song...too awesome
No
I know. I can listen to it all day. And I have before.
This really is a good song
My headphones are really good with bass, so I can just play it and close my eyes and get lost for a few mins.
Aellos: The show is good, but not, in and of itself, truly amazing. What's amazing is the fans.
gosh sumica.. y u gotta make me think about such things?
damn backspace
Yeah, what Solo said.
I'd like the show, but I wouldn't love it without the fandom.
eeeeee-yup
You filled in the blank your self I never said what the other uses could be =p
0ew.... crocs in the feet
Aellos: There's enough art on EQ daily to fill every single gallery in New York, i'd wager. And several wonderful albums of music.
Agree wholly. Though I did like the show before the fandom, but then I got into the fandom and now I LOVE it
For me I loved the show, but I didnt really fangasm tell after running into the "Herd" and watching some commentary videos :P
Not to mention all of the fics.
Aellos: Stick on youtube and look for "notacleverpony" and "OdysseyEurobeat" for the two most well-known music artists.
Now, off to finish Elements of Gaming 3.5, then read Chapter 9 for Cross and Arrow.
Indeed. Not even mentioning the exceptional writing.
I think I've heard of both. :D
you made me think of it by filling in the outlines
But yeah, I love how the fandom goes deeper into the character, especially those we don't see. :D
The only pony that should be able to bend that way is Lyra.
Before I go, going to link this. Been on EQD before but it doesn't have nearly as many views as I think it deserves. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhk_zDhVnjc&list=PL9DD00D6DAAB22053&index=17
I finally got around to reading The Empty Room. Not sure what to expect. It shall be an interesting journey.
BS lightly used, I have seen what goes on at those fur cons. =p
Oh, and a friend just linked me to this total LAWLfest.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tReXtRiW7dI&feature=youtu.be
Cand I get nudge in the right direction to find some good fanfic? I have only read the grimdark stuff so far cause Id like to avoid some of the more nsfw stuff :\ (comes from anime background so assumes all fics are porn)
Cross and Arrow makes me : |
Did you read Past Sins?
Soooooo more GITS or somthing else?
Why is that?
Azure: Use the sidebar, and under Categories, click Star-6.
Love this song!
Past Sins makes me >: |
the bass on this song is insane in my car.
lol
I shall do that, thanks Solo. and Iv only read Cupcakes and the first Silent Ponyville stories
Solo
that was
Past Sins is a hit or miss for people. I think it was good, but other's don't and I see why too.
There's some nicely written adventure stuff, some very nice shipping stuff
awesome
Male Twilight makes me scared.
How late am I watching this compared to you?
Azure: Indeed. I'd recommend Off the Edge of the Map for a good, non-grim non-ship story.
there's 2 ways of getting a shape.. filling it in or filling in everything around it.. all i'm saying is you filled in everything around the idea
Wockstar: I know, right?
yay
it took me long enough to explain that gosh
i like crossovers the best
Wockstar: Video editting: They haz it. I loved the rainbow-coloreed matrix screen too
indeed MeteorVenture
I dont mind shipping (and kinda like it actually) I just dont want porn
EFFING BACKSPACE
Wockstar: Videoedit win. For real.
Solo: yea Barh
Brah*
Azure: Porn isn't allowd on EQD. and I recommended Off the Edge of the Map because it should be awesome to just about anyone. Give it a shot.
I'm trying to think. Agh, what was it. Merely a Mare? The one where Trixie and Twilight do their mage's duel? I'd recommend that one.
Do you like shipping, Azure_Coalspark?
I have lots of good ship fics.
Mares and Magic?
Of Mares and Magixc
*Magic
That one, yeah.
That dragged on a bit, as I recall
haha not really offline.. just a picture of it being offline
REALLY good shipping story. Believable characters, plot development, and the best backround for Trixie I've ever read.
tricky tricky
Maybe. I like it though. And try out Ballad of Twilight Sparkle.
Well, goodnight everypony. That is, unless there is more ---
brb
goodnight sotha:D
Beyond that I'm too out of it to remember names of fics.
~In this city of amnesia~
Alright guys, I'm heading off to bed.
there is more
And good night to you Sotha
Better Living Through Science and Ponies is my fave fic
Ballad of Twilight Sparkle is a better overall story. I just love Trixie's portrayl in Mares and Magic.
I laughed many, many times in BoTS
(Please let somepony have gotten that quote.)
See ya later, both of you
Big O
On A Cross and Arrow is good too, which I'm reading right now.
YAH
cya later trollight!
^
Oh. Naw, you probably read Sunset.
this is not big O mind you
not reading it right now, but…yeah
I should hope not.
This is macross
what is this? i was going to play some earthbound and turn off the.. oh ok
If it were Big O, we should have been watching the dub
Newdcd dose Big O
Oh. Giant roobots. That's right.
Soo....now I want a dystopian themed pony fanfiction...is that bad?
Secret Armoury of General Knoxx is much harder than I remember...
Aellos: Fallout Equestria.
http://www.ebay.com/itm/110740955959 :o
Well, non-crossover
I haven't played it yet!
0help me fox!
search for star-6 grimdark. there are plenty.
i was going to turn off the stream but that elvish looking girl (at least had the head accessories that are usual for elvish people) intrigued me
All I have left to do are the DLC.
Cool, will do so then.
I just ran through the Crimson Lance base with my 60 (now 61) soldier. It was slow going.
bogey on your tail!
Yeah that was Crest of the stars but not the first one so did't want to start you off mid show.
should've tried a somersault
Frigid Winds and Burning Hearts, Google Chrome Froze From The Amount of Awesome, Secret Tub Fun, Past Sins, The Night That Never Ended, Paradise...
Definitely read The Sock Swap.
Punching is Magic is probably the funniest short story I've ever read.
In fact, just sort for Star-6.
You'll find everything.
well damn, I went to sign in here on my actual IRC client and even tho I had left the webpage it still said someone else was using my name :\
I only have a 47 or something like that. We should play sometime.
0of course, its red
Er. . . siren
we should have a battle royalle to determine the best of the star 6's
0yellow? it looks red to me :S
The sequel looks good though.
determine the best of the best
6-_-; Dariiiiiii...
Leonon: Spiderses wins.
SOFN!
It was elevated to GODLIKE status.
0heh it was red ^_^
HA! victory is mine
Hahaha
I'd recommend you go read it, but it might break your brain from sheer awesome
so we try to avoid mentioning it too much.
>evolutionist propaganda
"Bird humans"
lolololo
Maximum Ride? *hit*
/me doesn't know whether she should wait to see if Dashite is responding. . . or what.
Respond to what?
Uh oh. Uh.... why hello there NMM.
Oh!
Missed that.
0.o
http://www.ebay.com/itm/110740955959
*backs away*
mmmmh ponyville in minecraft
still amazing :v
:C
that might actually drive me to play that game again
edugah!
I've been working on a run with some friends right now actually.
Let me just check what other characters I have available.
Not even Ponyville can make me play minecraft
New post on Equestria Daily by Phoe: Comic: Doctor Whoof in The Legend of the Lunar Shadow (Update Part 6!) (http://tinyurl.com/3jbmjoh)
It's honestly been like a month since I last played. . . so. . . but I only have a week left to play before I go to college.
what!
DerpyBot was faster than Twitter that time
hey
everyone
what luck! those island natives speak japanese!
i actually dont think minecraft is that addicting
Is't it though
hi Synros
I don't know. Would you want to do some stuff with me sometime or something?
Hi Synros
I never really could get into make ur own fun games :\
i actually like that
i really hate the service provided Vonage.
take that purple haired girl with you.. she seems like ownage
1 exception being forge on halo
I'd be up for it. Just let me know if you want someone who will die really easy, or someone who can kill everything really easy.
but minecraft isnt that spectacular to me
and map maker on Black Hawk Down
What timezone are you in Sotha?
i could never work forge
0did that say ASS-1?
Pacific
i would just fail
yes the ass1
You?
Internet: Sorry cannot connect to the internet. Phone: Sorry cannot connect to the Vonage network, please try again. Call them on a cell phone. and get told they are doing a system restart and will be down for several hours. And they didn't even bother giving us notice what they were doing
Eastern
That's not too bad then.
I didnt have the patience to make the really intricate detailed stuff, but I could work a pretty good creative map when the urge struck
0heh, ass
Easier to co-ordinate than transatlantic.
so I'm siting at a Starbucks right now... :(
FOKER!
i just spawn tanks on people
Well, I think it might be a little easier if. . . I don't know. it doesn't take that long to level up ten or so levels.
But then I wouldn't want you to not have fun because you die really easily. . .
What did you say your character was?
sin pie? sounds tempting
im thinking the whole time about ponyfying my desktop
but i just cant replace optimus prime
i just cant...
Siren. She's in the 40's, or something.
this is a school laptop so i cant
sadly...
and so Pony Prime was born
Okay, power leveling a character isn't too hard it's getting some decent weapons for the level once you get there that can be the trick.
Cloptimus Prime
haha yes
Ponimus Prime
I dont even
Pinkie Prime?
well
i have alot of awesome pinkie pictures
actually, i have awesome pictures of everything
I've got Twilight's cutie mark as my desktop picture.
but cmon, its optimus prime
question...what anime is this?
I do have that one super awesome SMG that lights everything on fire.
macross Zero
How about... Optimus Prime -and- ponies?
But that is true
what game yall talking about?
how about optimus holding a pony?
Borderlands
or how bout this
The Hellfire.
Optimus with Applejack on his shoulder?
alright thanks
lol
i actually made a picture where optimus prime has applejack on his shoulder
Mmm. I have Borderlands on Steam, but TBH it doesn't really appeal to me
that would be awesome
but still
http://borderlands.wikia.com/wiki/Maliwan_Hellfire
its not as awesome as just optimus prime
So a girl your spear eh?
That's a nice one.
What?
Thanks. I'm happy I found it.
she touched his spear
well..
Oh. I'm not watching. . . just chatting with Dashite. And then I'll go to sleep, because I neeeeeeeeeeeeed to.
i might replace it if i find a picture where it has applejack or pinkie pie using optimus primes jetpack
TO THE INTERNETS!
Heh, sleep sounds like a plan.
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1739027/MLP/trixierender.png
^I approve of this Trixie
It will make my brain happy.
:D
/me <3 Trixie
You have XBOX?
Oh, hello, Darkmemories :)
dang i really want to watch more code geass.. if they're gonna make an R3 i hope they get a move on it
Oh really?
No.
Oh. what do you play it on? Steam?
Yeah.
You on Xbox?
Code geass I can do.
Yeah. Oh well then.
Well there goes that plan.
Probably should have checked that first. :/
she's totally got a point and owned
Still find it odd ps3 can cross platform with pc but xbox wont.
Yeah. Whatever. It was still fun talking with you.
Dumb XBOX Live.
Yup.
Sumica, you mean the steamworks integration that Valve put in Portal 2?
Hi ^.^
o hai
There.
Done with cross and arrow.
Yes and othere games are doing it now too.
Just got back from playing TF2 for the first time in almost a month.
now I'm sad that its over. Thats what sucks about fics. They end.
Man, I was rusty.
<3 ps3
Xbox has had a few, but nothing that I can think of lately.
Had a few good games as Spy and Soldier, though
Eh. I fell out of habit of playing TF2.
PSU had it with the ps2 and PC
Mostly because the community.
I know Shadowrun and Universe at War both allowed cross platform play.
6...why am I tired? It's only 4 AM...
{SU?
PSU?
Spose: The communiy is largely diamonds now (bronies)
i got a PS3 but really i use it mostly for going online to watch anime anyway
Its called TEAM Fortress 2, meaning people should play as a team.
I don't care if people yell hats the entire time
Sprinkles, I dunno. You're just odd I think.
Phanisty Star universe
Oh
those AAA games are extremely disappointing for the most part
Dont care how good you are. Team doesn't need it.
And yeah, the lack of teamwork is annoying sometimes
PSU?
And common sense, for that matter.
idk Sirsprinkles, thats very strange you'd be tired at this time...very odd
dude
Look up about three messages Sotha
What about PSU?
I have a PS3, thing is the disc drive doesn't work, and I have a working Wii and 360. I'm not really loyal to any games console, I just chill on the internet all the time. :P
But eh, I work on making myself better overall more than worrying about the team
For most classes, you should never have more than 2 on your team at a time.
me too
Oh nevermind.
Thanks Dashite :p
Once I get actually *REALLY* good at a class, I might consider joining a clan or such.
can someone please explain to me why im always so extremly sleepy in the morning when i go earlier to bed?!
so i think my time with consoles is about done
No problem.
woah owah, wait a seconds. did this anime just turn into Transformers?~?
How long have you been asleep?
I'm part of the Friendship Brigade, but thats it.
I think it did...
...and it might be a problem with how you sleep, usually airway passages blocked or not entirely open.
dunno, for about 8 hours
I've got a Wii for the first party nintendo games, a PS3 for the PS3/console exclusives and my PC for everything else. :)
That's macross for you.
I just got XBOX because I was a minigame designer in the Halo games. But that's over for me now, so. Oh. Oblivion. I got it for that too, but I'm going to get Skyrim for the PC. Having no mod support was not very fun.
thought this was slice of life? nah.. too much action
i always have the weirdest of dreams
like really weird stuff
Hmm. Yeah, probably more of a method of sleeping
Well, goodnight everypony! (again)
i mean, REALLY weird stuff
I wish I could even dream.
Night Sotha
Night, sotha
Night Sol
Anyone here dreamed of ponies before?
But then again, i haven't slept for more than four hours consecutive for a few weeks now.
9.9
Whenever I spend a night on ponies, I always dream about Scrubs for some reason.
-_-
Should have booted you when I had the chance... >_>
its me again!
so many missiles. its like a micheal bay movie
nighty nite Sotha
&Fireant
:P
ya i got oblivion for the PS3.. it was cool but people saying the game is open or deep really don't know what they're talking about
Macross Missile mayhem is a TVtrope.
Geekshed, why do you blow up my client
I have college today. Should probably sleep.
sometime ago, i dreamed that i would shot the thing from blairwitch project in the face, with a grenade launcher
Wait, the ending theme is in French?
Wasn't expecting that.
so how about macross 2 generations later?
best ganme I have for PS3 is MGS4
game*
can't spell macross without macro
the weird thing is, i havent seen that movie in years
/me looks around for Ghosties.
"Sorry I'm late teacher. I spent all night reading My Little Pony fanfiction. You know how it is."
No ghosties
MGS4 was horrible!
i just like the visuals
i got MGS4 cause mom found it at a pawn shop for $20.. no scratches or anything
And teacher would reply
it was more of a moviue then vg
MGS4 has no gaemz!
If it's an English professor, they just might buy that.
good deal
"Oh sure, I did the same but wake up earlier to clop to ponies"
arghr I hate this laptops keyboard
I bought a LE copy for $10 from Walmart on clearance. >_>
i would never ever clop to ponies
"You too?!"
Fireant: ....and that explains so much about your upbringing.
They had like 12 of them on the shelf.
Heh.
I liked Mirrors Edge
i wasn't planning on getting it but it was so cheap that we decided to go ahead and get it
Mirror's Edge was cool.
And then we'd discuss Butterscotch Sundae.
I want a sequel.
0heh space colonies done right
And why Luna is best pony.
*in EAD, not here
FTFY
it was normally like $60 at the time
I also want other FPS games to include the movement abilities from Mirror's Edge.
still haven't beat it yet.. kinda quit on it too
Dashite; I LOVED Mirror's Edge
now I hate it
Well, nice talking to you all. I'm off to the moon to sleep!
So the last one takes place around 1998 this is 2058
!moon
Grab my tail, Spose!
It was a bit short (all of like 11 levels), but IMO it was fun as hell
Sadly I didn't get Mirror's Edge until it was around $20, but it's definitely one of my favourite games this gen.
Yeah, it was short, but I've gone through it about 7 times now.
Totally got my money's worth.
Thunder you can alos get all these new fan made levels online
indie games are the only games that are moving forward
so it seems
I know that custom levels are possible, I just haven't gotten around to it yet
It's short enough that I can usually get through it in about an afternoon so that's helped with its replayability for me..
I'd also try making some myself but the Unreal Editor and I don't get along too well
theres also several achievments that you have to play through a couple times to get
the Steam version doesn't have achievements
oh
i mean PS3 version
Which I find disappointing D:
Yeah, thought so
I was never big on achievements so it didn't bother me too much.
anyone else here play and spiderweb software games?
didn't know ME was on PC
!kill Pinkamina
I can't see Pinkamina anywhere 6_9
Yup, it came out a couple months late though.
Oh you derpy xD
hmm
quiet chat is quiet
!muffinkiss
/me regurgitates a whole, fresh looking muffin and approaches Fireant, showing her most adorable kissing face
too obscure but.. had to ask
Criany You can't clop to ponies?
I haven't played any Spiderweb Software games, but I have heard of them.
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
they just made it onto steam
What are you doing here!?
at least with avadon
It was released for PC in January 2009, the only real addition (that I know of at least) is Nvidia's PhysX system, which was really nice IMO
i might buy it since it's only $10
Yeah, I heard Avadon just made it on and at a pretty low price compared to what it used to be.
I've heard of Spiderweb Software games either, but it sounds familiar
the day that ill clop to ponies, i will kill myself
i remember playing exile on a shareware CD called 1000 games (or maybe it was 100)
:D
I remember those.
bought it.. classic game from my childhood
I'll probably pick up Avadon at some point, just not right now. I've got too many other games on the go anyway.
i also remember castle of the winds from that CD
That's sad.
Ponies from the show are sexy.
(shouldn't this be in #EquestriaAfterDark?)
sexy is the last thing i think of when thinking pony
i downloaded that recently.. wanted to buy it when i was younger but didn't.. now i find out the dude who made it released it for free
atleast not that kind of sexy
Huh. What'd I miss now?
^BlacklightShining, should it? :trollface:
anyways, have some optimus
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mXff4urtlY
oh…umm…
ouch
it's as old as mother 1 o.o
that is a /good question/!
mother 1 is OLD
i would so love to see rainbow dash do that
moew moew
I should, uuh, make it the new #EquestrianPhysics topic or something…
oh gosh.. i know that from a gif or something
Oh, so THIS is what that's from
then she flies off, and the Nayn cat song starts to play
although it's probably too meta…
now i know where it's from
indeed
There's a youtube video of that playing for 10 minutes or something IIRC
lol
i gotta say that commercial was CHEESY
well....
little fun fact: the gun firing sounds of optimus are actually in sync with the music
> implying commercials that aren't cheesy exist :P
thats some amazing sound design
lol i know but can't a guy dream?
i thought she was singing into a carrot
haha you can't make me hungry this time! i just ate
ok here comes the Micheal Bay missiles
True
Hey bronies
so anime females can sing without a mic, while traveling at highspeeds in a massive stadium, and still be heard clearly by all the audience.
What's up?
unrehearsed yet perfect form.. only on TV
I don't think anything's up.
That's too bad
yup Meteor, only on TV
although if he shouted for a formation of sorts that would be understandable
Victor-3? Obvious pun is obvious...
noting goes wrong on tv unless it's supposed to go wrong.
something is going wrong.. only on TV
I'm very happy for you anime, and I'll just let you finish with your explosions
^ just made me think of kanye being the reason why bleach is pretty much all fillers now
ha
although i don't watch it.. that's just what i hear
xD
it's true
Well, this place ain't Zolty enough for him?
So it seems.
Not enough zolt.
We must build additional zolts.
maybe another anime will let bleach finish in its place
How does one build a zolt?
my space sure has alot of crap in it.
i don't even know wat is going on anymore
Man, I tab out for a second and I could've sworn I heard music from Star Wars
With zolter of course, silly.
lol it sure sounds like star wars
Does it involve ponies? I hope it does.
didn't know you could hear explosions in space
the magic of television
explosions are louder in space cause there is no air to get in the way of the sound.
Sadly, no.
also constant thrust is needed for constant movement.
You can ride a pony to your zolter...
biggs! wedge! use fira! i mean shoot em down we're being marked! i mean blow up the death star
Gotta love those robots in anime that are invincible to the military's weapons and explosives
(not that biggs and wedge have anything to do with starfox.. but ships do)
I'll modify my zolter into a pony
he's yelling too hard.. he's dead
squish
hmm I thought because they was no air in space sound could travel very far from its source
called it
duh he was a red shirt
wololo
and that's why if you're on TV, you don't wear red
that still picture reminded me of gurren lagann
dang i so wanna watch that more
Crossover!
So you all want more?
Zolter Pony!
so inspirational
Buck yeah!
0hot blooded badass jumping into a robot he shouldn't know how to use? yeah that gurren material :3
idk you can do whatever.. i aint saying anything about what to watch
I don't really mind either
wat
This time frostybrand he dose know how to use it, he's at a pilot academy.
i need to find where to watch record of lodoss war
0oh... well he needs to own faster then.
dubbed
I can see if I can find it for showing
it's really old btw
I know
alright
Though I totally think (if you aren't tired of me rambling about it from earlier) Higurashi would be cool *hit*
But it's classic so it should be a snap to find.
sure:D i've been meaning to watch it
Nothin'
you haven't deleted paint yet?
:P
hey Sumica. you can't hear in space becuase they are too few atoms to carry sound
I havent installed my own program for it yet
So long as it's not Windows 7 paint, I don't see anything wrong with keeping it :P
yes i know Synros, go look up laws of anime.
I just saw I mistyped wat I said before, so sry its kinda off topic now
mmmh
i hope i cant remember my minecraft password
and name
in these kinds of shows if someone is yelling too hard and cursing at the enemy with guns blazing they're about to die
i really want to explore ponyville in minecraft
You hope you can't...?
and if there is no Air in space then why is there an Air&space museum?
remove the T
gg.
i hope i can
^ hmm, you maybe be onto something
i will visit sugarcube corner and stay there.... FOREVA
sucks to be the guy in that car
her legs are probably gone
There are creepers outside and you're inside sugarcube corner, why leave?
oh Sumica. I see its rule 4 in anime
erro?
now rule 2 is happening right now.
'Sup.
which was taht again?
Whenever someone or something jumps, is thrown, or otherwise is rendered airborne, gravity is reduced by a factor of 4.
minecraft needs an exclusive pony edition
Ja herro dar
meaning you fall out of a plane you float just or of reach for anyone to grab you
lol, not quite. they were in space.
Surely
just long enough to creat emotion,
then i would actually play that game
hush up girly
"your ass is mine"
actually, every game needs an exclusive pony edition
And that's a fact
0heh lick yo lips
/me licks his lips
Garrys Mod Pony mods FTW
warhammer 40k: space marine pony edition
he put on his rape face for tht one.
Policenauts... Ponynauts...?
Crossover inbound in my head
Unreal Tournament 2004: Pony edition
Pinkie Marine
Terraria's got a Pony Sprite mod for it.
:V
Portal 2: Full Pony Edition
Street Ponies IV: Ponyville Edition
Zentran = bad guys from old macross from 27 years ago.
Resident Pony
My cat's a jerk. She just decided to sleep right next to my mouse, so I can't move it around :c
Resident Evil: Cupcake Chronicles
Alice: Madness Returns aka Pinkamena: Madness Returns
what's happening?
Skyrim: Equestria
Pinkamena: Madness Never Left
why was the dude who died important?
so he's all cool and ready to fight after seeing a man get well juiced but pukes after seeing fire.
LOL
"you would have been a twilight sandwhich"
He was't important persay
"Pinkie, I found a balloon, I thought you! the master of parties should have it"
dang.. that reminds me of the juicer from that's so raven
he must have been piloting that thing
You did it wrong.
...im sorry...I coudltn resist
he was
what?
ill cut you!
It'd be The Elder Scrolls VI: Equestria
he can get the juice out of anything
DUH.
oh wow, how did that bridge get destroyed?
..
WILL IT BLEND!
What is a pony? A miserable pile of cuteness! Enough talk, have at you!
derp
Pony Island
i think you mean "how did the bridge get destroyed this time?"
Soul Pony
Call of Cutie 5
They are lucky that they managed to build the city to resist another law of anime.
Metal Pony Solid 2: Sons of Celestia
Ponyscape: Torment
Legacy of Celestia: Defiance
Tales of Ponytasia
Transformers: Derp of the Moon
Transfoalers
Battle for Unicron.
Derp of the Moon sounds like a slahfic of Derpy and Luna
*slash
Icewind Clidesdale
Sure does
Leisure Suit Berry, wut
what's this
Age of Pony
Bauldur's Trot
Starcraft: Wings of Rainbow Dash
macross F
Halo: Ponies Evolved
BIG MONEY! BIG PRIZES! I LOVE IT
Starcraft: Heart of the Pinkie
9 hours, 9 ponies, 9 doors
Starcraft: Legacy of the Lunar
Dark Messiah: Ponies and Magic
Pro driveing for what looks like a golf
what a ridiculous game that could totally be a movie if it wasn't
Evil Dead: Fist Full of Trixie
Ponies of Ponycraft: Ponyclysim
Trauma Pony
Megamare X
MrPoniator: Would so totally play Megamare.
It'd be awesome
I know
0Running man, arnold schwarzenegger starred in it.
0close enough anyway :3
I love you all <3
Good movie
I think we all missed the most obvious one!
<3
Kinnectimals: Pony Edition
*Megamane
I'd actualy play Kinectimals with an edition like that
arnold schwarzenegger in forest gump
lol MV
I would buy a kinnect just for that
RUN FOREST FUN!!!
Sim Pony.
Forest "Noaw, I stay and kill!"
Universe at Pony
IM sure there are sim mods for that
Ponies at War.
ah that was pretty bad
God of Party (pinkie pie mod for God of War)
these Rule of Anime Im reading are quiet funny
life is like a box of chocolates.. i'll be back
it's a PAUNCH!
Brony The Masquerade
Rainbow Dash (Instead of Rainbow Six)
New post on Equestria Daily by Cereal Velocity: Story: The Book of Friendship (Update Part 6!) (http://tinyurl.com/43ldk4z)
Spike Riders
actually a bag of lays chips works better
Assassins Creed The Herd
(instead of brotherhood)
Ponies: Colonial Mares
New post on Equestria Daily by Cereal Velocity: Story: Seven Ponies (Update Part 7!) (http://tinyurl.com/3wzwu3v)
P.O.N.Y.: Shadow of Cherneighbyl
Probably gonna call it after this one. Have to do this again today too. But this time to show the live TV stream.
i just thought up a clean pickup line.. it's harder than you may think
Live TV stream?
Leonon: Congratulations on your victory.
Yeah we are gonna be showing St live
er S2
0 1 day 13 hours before fun time.
http://i202.photobucket.com/albums/aa8/Uber_Spork_Zombie/1315294351524.jpg
Guitar Pony.
And Pony Band.
she sounds horrible without autotune
thank you, it was hard won
Kesha voiced this?
so to show every one what the stream quality will be like and stress test the new chatroom we are gonna show Live TV later today.
Left 4 Pinkie
lol
Did I miss something? Friday's the 9th...
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Story: On A Cross And Arrow (Update Part 10!) (http://tinyurl.com/64wasnq)
NO THURDAY IS
noting I know of Dashite
oops caps
ooh, OCA part ten…
Equine Effect
Diapony 3
Showertime.
no one wants to know the clean pickup line? feels bad man
Oh damn you EQD
Oh god
WHy did I read a baww thread
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Nightly Roundup #92 (http://tinyurl.com/42lzwdh)
Sorry go ahead MeteorVenture
ok Meteor shoot
lol
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps Azure_CoalSpark_
"are you up to date?"
Pinkie Pie: Strategic Party Simulation Manager
:3
I could use one of those right now
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
Yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps Semysane
Party Tycoon?
wait wat?
okay I'm confused now
or better yet
^
Dress Tycoon
i was thinking about the word update which is probably "up to date"
As in this
lets watch some Fullmetal
Carosel Boutique Tycoon
oh LOl
i get it knpow
Ponyville Tycoon, 6 games in one!
guys, how long are you doing that already ?
6I saw the word Fullmetal and am now interested in this conversation.
And be sure to buy the expansion including such exciting venues as Quills and Sofas!
Carosel Boutique is an expansion pack to be released at a later date
0heh bender sucks
and wae have been doing it way to long
this is live tv btw
i wanna watch Fullmetal
oh
Alch panic or jacket?
Alch
6This is your live streaming, Sumi?
mmh
i see....
yes
6Of TV?
6...the quality is epic.
see =p
Battlepony
oh wow
nice
THE MOVIE
6...as long as you change it before Tosh.0 comes on...
this is totally acceptable quality
F-Pony X
6Is is amazing quality.
i aprove of this streaming
RD: Pft, vehicles? I'll just fly!
Super Smash Bronies
The Matrix, Rainbow Dash reloaded!! I has video evidence of that one
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tReXtRiW7dI&list=PLF308B0793AC6082B&index=32
Serious Pony
bender is speed hacking
Bender is Neo
inb4AIMBOTTING
ok, bender is hacking\
Azure: You really liked that link, huh?
6lol little Korean girls.
did someone link that earlier?
I did.
oh lol sorry, I musta missed that, but I found the vid last week
oh shit!
anyone hear about the Amber Alert?
ok despite me really disliking this show a couple of those jokes were really nice
i already knew it
hi fall
Hellew.
So since I'm an idiot, what's the live TV stream for?
Hey dude.
hoi
6We're testing quality.
Oh, I see
gonna be streaming season 2 i think
6Si.
grrr
this mac is soo slow
how can i work like that?!
and hopefully enough log on to stress test theservers
/me dances
Ah. Kay, thanks
my guess is that pinkie secretly hides a unicron horn in her hair
Oooh, I didn't know there was a radio edit of Pony Swag
ok guess noone did or cares?
0dwarf fort is more detailed.
thats why she is able to control the forces of the universe
lol probably
aside from, you know, beeing pinkie pie
pinkie can generate her own inprobability field
I liked the theory that she was an agent of Loki
0what other game can you rip off someones "phallus" and club them to death with it?
Synros; I completely missed that, what happened? O_o
His favorite trickster
her special unicorn magic is defiling the fourth wall, and physics
okey dokey lokey....
Exactly!
her special unicorn magic? Pretending to be an earth pony.
I might try recording the stream at the same time to test if it effects the stream too much.
that would make sense
with reeeally good intuition.
In the comic I saw it, she ended by saying "Okey Dokey, Loki!"
Hmm
Sure people are gonna want s2 caps and such.
theres an Amber Alert in BC right now
!link Loki
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
Adorable alert!
damn
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/55188
Twilight told me this picture is about hnnng artist:ponygoggles gilda baby
!link derpy
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/48922
yeah dont think I would have heard of it yet Synros
her special unicorn magic: no horn needed
!link DerpyBot
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
/me groans
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcYppAs6ZdI
would baby gilda be yellow?
oh look it's crapy US top gear.
No, I haven't heard about it yet...
This is why derpy is the best at DDR.
well look in like a min.
0ok, its past 2 am for me, I need to conk out for work in da morning. nite nite guys
Ah, here we go http://pinkiepie.bronibooru.mlponies.com/data/sample/e5e7da4649cd43b5ce5c8be8300ebd7d.jpg
Night frostybrand
yah some guy stole a 3 year olf boy from his home
why yellow ?
What? Yellow?
baby chickens are yellow
:|
People are sick
And ducks
Well, some ducks
And griffons?
>equestrian
Sumica; Yeah... :s
dunno ...white ?
Show me the NatGeo special on baby griffons and you might have a point.
griffins are green when there babies
Wow, the comments on that adorable Gilda picture are suprisingly mean-spirited
of course they are.. and they're normal people
This is what the recording comes out like
/me snickers
a guy named Randall Hopley is the main suspect, and they cannot find him. He is a register offender, and is suppost to be checking in every 2 hours
Seriously, two of the three and advocating death
recorded this yesterday morning.
6...Sumica... ew.
*are advocating
yeah i am not happy with it
havn't heard form him in 5 hours I believe
Pfft. Clowns.
6You can see every little transition between frames.
can see the lines of resolution
http://www.animalpictures1.com/data/media/53/eagle-10.jpg
baby eagle
6A still frame is perfect, but... ew.
actually those kind of look like Gilda
but the lion part
Aww, eaglets!
Cant seem to figure out how to clean it up
Oh god, eaglet crossed with a lion cub
I mean their facial expressions look like hers
i like how spike just took what she said and instantly let go and stopped fearing for his life
Short of diffrent program
6What program you using?
WinTV
6Ah...
6lemme check about.
damn thing cant even record in mkv >_<
free willy 2
sad thing is this is better then when I first started trying to record.
Another baby griffin -> http://www.familyguyquotes.com/images/stewie.gif
Haw haw haw
6Did you save straight from WinTV, or use another program and record over it?
bada bum tsh
http://www.instantrimshot.com
> Site is called AGKidZone
> Have Special Code "AGKIDZONE"
i wonder if any bronies actually took a liking to strawberry shortcake
saved directly, just tryed using built in timed recording.
since it was on just before MLP
ahh Ive been siting here at Starbucks for 2 hours now. lol
it's connect luck
indeed
6Try using another program to save the recording of the stream.
Ha, I just came across a quote supposedly from Moot
"My Little Pony is the only group to take on 4chan and win. 4chan once took on the F.B.I. and won. So you might say that My Little Pony is more powerful than the F.B.I."
Will have to look in to such a creature,
I dont have such a thing
it's like taking connect 4 and turning all the skill of the game into luck.. genius!
EqD should issue M.L.P. ID badges
PONEH!!
now any noob can win
you guys wanna know how many clicks i need to convert 1 picture to the format that is accepted by our webstie?
*website
So yeah if you all know of any thing good and well not requireing me to pay =p let me know.
watch closely.. applejack has really heavy back legs
I hate LQ video like this
whenever she is shaking holding apple bloom
73?
I'd gladly flash an MLP badge at people.
i need 9 clicks
is reading of mares and magick....automatically reads trixies lines in her voice without noticing 0.o
THE GRRRREAT AND POWERFUL TRRRRIXIIIIIE!
hereeeee we go!
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1739027/MLP/trixierender.png
Pardon me.
Heeere we go...
see?
DAMN YOU SKETCHY...and you are excused
food not on table....food on table
never !
Never noticed that before @Meteor
all within 2 seconds
some one watched bloopers are forever.
wat?
Wow, Trixie's voice actress once played Mary
actually i noticed what i mentioned myself
As in, Jesus' mom, Mary
Mornin' Sketchy.
but the food i saw on pictures
lol
hour long YT movie with all kinds of mistakes
THE GREAT AND POWERFUL MARY
Slightly different characters there
or something
ijust noticed that now
what would i do to live in equestria
from the under the leg shot
Is this like a "what would you do for a Klondike Bar" kinda thing?
Holas Fall
would you build equestria to live there?
good gracious! i can count to books!
I've been here since ~5am
Like pointing out the inner thigh cuty marks.
and AJ's freckles going missing
Mary had to deal with plenty of neighsayers.
You said you were going to bed!
where they just copy paste the legs so you see a mark on the inside.
yeah
ive noticed that Scootaloo doesn't have wings in several scenes
i would probably help photofinish to make da magics
http://www.boardgame-online.com/g/game.php?g=kH2 anypony want to pass the time with this? ;o
kinda an obvious mistake to miss
build ? its hard to belive such buldings can stand
any who
I went to bed
I slept
Then I came back to the internet for more pony.
foreshadowing
Same thing happens to RD in Ep5, though it's a lot more obvious there
/me waits to see if anypony joins his game :c
Fail. Normalness fail.
ok guys
Why does this game want to know which way I swing?
lets talk about our weirdest dreams
who wants to start?
Does yours involve ponies?
It's to do with some of the events, Semysane.
Ah
That's it for me. Thanks for putting up with some of the poor slections and such ^_^
I was afraid you were trying to rape me
if my dreams involve ponies?
im not sure
dont remember the dreams i had in the last days
hmm
i was hyped up to play earthbound 1 while playing earthbound zero.. now that i beat zero i'm just sitting here watching a stream.. what and why?
Ah, I was wondering why the stream was offline :P
however, im pretty sure i had a dream some time ago involving luna
I tend to remember dreams clearly for no more than like an hour
probably will show more tomarrow after the hub goes to junk programing.
that was weird
/me waits for somepony else to join his game
;-;
SOmetimes I can pull on a thread I remember and recall the whole thing
however, the dreams that dont involve ponies are even weirder for me
My dreams involve IRC. can't get any weirder then that.
I think I've had dreams involving getting caught watching MLP, lol
dreams..mmm i saw a dog eating a fetus or something
I've never dreamed of ponies.
I had a dream where Season 2 introduced a new character and she was a mary sue and the entire show was about her and the opening song was all about how great she was
also martha speaks is awesome. agreed? y/n
Someone join this damn game so I can find out what the hell it is!
That's called Season 1.
http://www.boardgame-online.com/g/game.php?g=kH2 anypony want to join in? .-.
http://www.boardgame-online.com/g/game.php?g=kH2
Though I did have a weird dream last night where I was acting, and I was doing light saber duel choreography.
thanks for the stream btw:D
well
i had a dream
FallSilently: LOL
Thanks for streaming
where i was chased by the thing from blairwitch project
tank you
Efreet, is it chess? Because i would take on anypony if it were chess :)
I have a lot of dreams where I wind up wandering around somewhere naked
Typically mortified
It's not chess. It's a boardgame-esque thing.
the dream ended with me beeing part of a military squad blowing the things face off
You roll dice. Get random events. Etc.
sweeet
it's simple and fun.
Passes the time great too.
3 players now!
squee!
Gonna start it up in a moment.
ok, now wat do we talk about?
topics anyone/?
So if you're gonna join. Join while you can, if not, you'll be observing.
video games
oh
yay
already done
i remember, i had a really freaky dream some time ago
and it involved a pony...
but...
alright every pony, I g2g, work in a few hours *yawns*
well do it again!
however, it was before i knew MLP
(in sandy's voice)
Night Azure
but it involved alot of dead bodies, zombies and whatnot
Night all
and a pony got eaten by a giant snake
Minesweeper is best game period.
spongebob isn't in my video games
well play again!
Sounds like something Phelous would review
how did Spongebob get into this?
<3 phelous
by way of appliable reference
well
it was a really scary dream
i think it was a vision of cupcakes
actually, it wasnt
well Im not sure? but remember that guy who did that thing a couple days ago?
i know the basic theme of the dream: we were chasing a werewolf
so what was it ?
i was gonna say that sounds nothing like cupcakes
yeah, he was awesome
Ah so the animes that derped out the sound early i fixed the issue for them.
you like Mocha you say? well I prefer black coffee
Visions of cupcakes? oh my, that is strange.
oh fuck, and there was a part where we are in the woods, everything is dark and everything is filled with dead corpses, dead children, toys and even a dead burger king that grabbed my foot
minesweeper is alright.. but it could do with a little more action.. what if they made a game where you had to fight people in those rooms in minesweeper and you had to make it to the other side of the board?
So might show "Railgun" and "index" today
and there were houses filled with dead bodies
and a town full of zombies
whichever block you stepped on could kill you or you could progress.. you have to think about it while fighting
the dream ended with me getting pissed and grabbing a weapon from one of the zombie guards
oh so Spider Solitare is more ur style then?
idk why you might think that but ya i kinda liked it.. i don't usually do card games anyway
but i find poker interesting
am i going crazy?
nope
Night all
lol...isn't it obvious MV?
Night Sumica
I'm a wizard....
nite Sumica
lol
m not watching anything like that
goodnight sumica!
*im
thats the weird thing
Night Sumica
actually im more of a mage then a wizard
You're not? Eh, then i have no clue.
stooop eating what you eat ?
inb4 you get to the other side of the minesweeper board and then "king me"
cupcakes?
stop sleeping
which later you have to destroy the character you built up cause he is king now
cause you know someone was gonna bring it up
that sounds like a great idea
then your new character becomes king and all that
right...
you know the weirdest part?
I was going to sleep three hours ago, but then I started a fic and now I can't stop. D:
checker sweeper
Watch all the Friendship is magic episodes, ten thousand times. That should clear your mind.
despite that i think these dreams are kind of freaky.. i think they are kind of awesome, too
chesser sweeper
im a big fan of freaky things
as you might have already noticed
chesser sweeper the FPS
you wanna know what happened to me as a child?
with NUKES
part FPS part RPG part RTS
all connect to your brain and nerve system.
done lose...
don't
that's why i'm thinking of being an indie game developer.. cause that way i could make that sort of thing if i wanted to
nice, well go for it
not innovative enough.. need more!
moooore!
....long story short, now you're always smiling.
<Joker> You wanna know how I got these scars?
lawl
its true, i smile alot
also i'm not entirely sure i used innovative right
nope
words of wisdom: "nothing is so bad that its not good for something"
just do it.
nickname: nike
like me with voice acting. took me a which, but I'm finally getting into it
but this stuff requires planning.. you can't just jump in and hope to be successful.. you gotta know stuff
practice practice
that as well
your never going to get good at it if there is no trail and error
quiet chat is quiet
its not like your first game is going to decide the fate of ur career
quiet chat is still quiet
Im also getting into filmmaking. its something Ive always thought was cool, but didn't do it becuase I didn't haev the right stuff. hell just use a shitty camera and windows movie maker if you have too, its the story and the way its presented is wat counts
ya.. i don't really see how i could possibly be unsuccessful with proper effort
poniesponiesponies
Spooky~
ya but quality is also very important
hell I ever went to university for filmmakign and acting
SWAG
if you can have it you should work for it
ponies fucking own.. and anyone who thinks they dont should kill themselves
voice acting is just something new, but I've bought books and stuff on it, and going to give that a try
I think somepony here talks too much.
:p
right now i'm wondering whether i should go to college or not
that was a line from the song
i mean take Minecraft for example. everyone thought that game wasn't going to go anywhere. the graphics are terrible, but it was the concept that grabbed people
Not a very nice song then, if i do say so myself.
graphics are fuck all of a game
its astheics and gameplay
it could be a great thing.. but man i hate my time to be so restricted by unneccesary stuff.. i wouldn't be going to graduate.. just to learn what i need to know
well if you want to go to school for it, research alot on it, and maybe see if you can sit in on a class or something to see if you like it
I wouldn't say the graphics in MC are terrible, I mean the game doesn't look awful but it's obviously low-res
Sketchy started it...
yeah but it's atheticly soild
I just said that Dumori, its the concept of the game
All I said was
you see that you think minecraft this square nature fits how the manacics work
poniesponiesponies
i actually really enjoy some of the sights in minecraft
you know why? cause it's not fake
I hope there's a Roc in season 2, that would make for some interresting jokes
you can go there.. it's not a cheap background
it's actually real
ponies? we don't want no ponies in this channel
that sort of thing
and also it looks good
yeah
How absurd!
Leonon: "Dumb Roc!"
Rock bird?
roc*
yes, giant bird Roc
anyway games are all about the gameplay.. graphics come second at best.. real life has better graphics anyway
but uglier characters
lol
XD
generally speaking
anyway there should be more 2D games.. they can work on gameplay much more if they don't have to worry about the 3rd dimension and everything will probably look better anyway
lets sing some songs?
then again super mario 64 got it right
I waonna Roc!
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Story: On A Cross And Arrow (Update Part 10!) (http://tinyurl.com/64wasnq)
OMFG!!!!!
Holy fuck yes
that was posted a while ago, he just fixed the link
And sorry for profanity
Oh, well, still, YAY
btw question to the english people here... i dont get the meaning behind the title "On A Cross And Arrow"
Sonic Colors looked pretty nice, and it's one of the best 3D Sonic games to date (IMO)
if there even is a meaning
http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:HeteroSym-pinkblue2.svg
i don't think i've even heard of that ever
I don't get it either
I don't get the meaning behind it either, but it doesn't bother me
Some poetic name or so forth
I linked to the meaning to it
The cross symbol is the "female" designation, while the arrow is the "male" designation
oh
i've played sonic 1 and 2 though.. 2 was great.. 1 was ok
hey bronies
that's... stretching it imo
well im out for a bit guys, cya in a few
what we talking about?
Well, I guess that makes sense
i mean it's painfully obvious what you can't do in 1 after playing 2 lol
ponies and sexuality
bye Synros
alright take care synros
...
remember
riiiiiteee
not this again
I've got the entire Genesis trilogy on cartridge, actually... sitting on my desk above my computer :P
minesweeper is best game
we all know there are only two types of ponies
lol
Best pony and B3st P0ny
not really actually I f**king hate it
pinkie pie and everyone else
ah thanks
but chesser sweeper is better
died on second clicks
its so obvious now
Anyways Who's your favourite pony?
yes FPs cheeser sweeper with nukes
Applejack and Pinkie Pie
lol the nukes you step on that kill you:P
all the other ones are equal
no hate
Has to be, Zecora.
your foot must have high impact on that ground
sufficient to set off a nuke when stepping on it
ya i got all the sonics too
All wrong
shes a zebra
Everypony > any pony else
i mean 1 2 and 3
lol
so much fanfiction to read
TBH I think S2 was my least favorite, actually... IDK why, it just didn't sit too well with me
i got 3 later and didn't really get to play it.. can't remember if the game just didn't work or if it was the sega
i love pinkamena, too
'night everypony
gn8
G'night.
how is that possible?
I dunno what it was, I just didn't like it as much as the first one
S3&K is awesome, though
damn... i am hungry... but there is still so much pony to watch/read
must have been the landscaping cause... the gameplay was alot better than 1
how is everyone going in napowrimo?!
/me is catching up on youtube videos
i pony around all day at work
It's been a while since I played it, actually... Should do that again some day
i don't know.. but i don't think you could do the ball spin thingy in 1
yeah, the spindash wasn't in S1
ya.. that totally made me impatient
I know when I was younger S2 was the first I played
especially when the game had a huge emphasis on momentum
died several times in Marble Zone in S1 because there was no spindash XD
spindash sounds like a shipping name.. inb4 "see what we can ship dash with"
now
heres a question for all of you bronies:
how many times...
does pinkie pie...
say "okey dokey lokey"?
all the times
haha
... touche...
5-6?
21
what was marble zone? i can't remember
i dont have a clue myself, actually
Second one, the ruins
i'm thinking about flying battery zone or something when i try to think about it.. then i just thought about marble madness
well, i guess, then its <Optimus> Time to find out.... </Optimus>
most of the times she says it are in ep 25, that might be the only episode she says it tbh...
Again, you talk way too much.
but.. it doesn't even look like its name
i think i had the right music playing in my head lol
lol
15 as well
also, Sonic Colors
http://0.tqn.com/d/nintendo/1/0/X/3/-/-/soniccolors2.jpg
I'd like to be a three :3
i still think sonic should have stayed 2D
a three?
yeah
I think he meant tea.
and momentum-based, IMO
but i mean.. they don't even make terrible 3D games
but something about them just isn't appealing
http://www.boardgame-online.com/g/game.php?g=kH3
to me anyway
Join for fun etc. etc.
:V
ya momentum is monumental
yeah XD
gosh i'm tired lol
it irritates me a lot, actually - Sonic 4 was supposed to play like the Genesis games but it was more like Rush
rush?
It is really, really fun
Sonic Rush, on DS
really fast-paced, boost button, etc.
S4 didn't have the boost, but it played more like Rush than 1, 2, or 3, for instance
it plays like YYZ on guitar hero.. starting out with morse code and having a chokeable solo
Huh, Kathleen Barr has been in previous versions of MLP as well
She was Sweetberry
I don't follow, I'm not much for rhythm games lol
YYZ is a song by rush
Oh wow, she was in Dragon Tales
My sister used to watch that all the time
ah
i just had to come up with some way to put it to a video game.. and i play guitar hero alot
it was in GH2
the game i started on
/me stands and stretches her wings.
I see
Well, I'm done here. See you guys later if I feel like it.
See ya
and i think the beginning of YYZ is morse code for.. YYZ or something
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/54184
Twilight told me this picture is about crossover thomas_the_tank_engine gilda
lol gilda
Gilda x Prince Komali
http://zelda.wikia.com/wiki/Prince_Komali
XD
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Nightly Roundup #92 (http://tinyurl.com/42lzwdh)
New post on Equestria Daily by Cereal Velocity: Story: The Book of Friendship (Update Part 6!) (http://tinyurl.com/43ldk4z)
New post on Equestria Daily by Cereal Velocity: Story: Seven Ponies (Update Part 7!) (http://tinyurl.com/3wzwu3v)
Wow, why did I never listen to Pinkie Pie Swear before?
(btw i've been playing plastic guitar for 4 something years now.. just got a new controller today)
derpybot stop derping
feels good man
cool
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/55200
Twilight told me this picture is about applejack shoobedoo rainbow_dash sea_ponies pinkie_pie
i like challenging games and that game never ceases to provide a challenge
no matter how good i get
Oh wow, Trixie's actress was Dot Matrix!
there's always a harder song
I KNEW I knew that voice from somewhere!
(especially cause of custom songs and songs made specifically for guitar hero)
I'm going to have to check that out later
Wow, she was on Beast Machines as well
Awesome
for now, I think it's time for me to hit the hay though
And she was the only character to never get a toy
See you later :P
aww
I wonder why they never gave her one...
alright take care and cya later some time
Thanks :3
bye
nice talking with you
you too ^^
thanks to work, im pretty much 8 hours a day in this chat
Haha
Love this song
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DfeIuNhBUt4&feature=related
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about PinkiePieSwear - Winter Wrap Up (Late Again)
i like that one, too
but you know what song i also like?
Girls on Film by Duran Duran?
this one:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpScVkEBVlg
I was going to guess I've Got a Brand New Combine Harvester by the Wurzles
GAHH why dose it always do that.. when you first log in you start typing your passowrd then suddenly it witches automaticly to the type bar and next thing you know..
wrong fking password
herp a derp
wut
......Wow.
he has a mode for showering?
wow i just turn my connection off...
i never turn this box off
i just found out how to get a Ps3 for cheap as heck
Theft?
lawl
that made me giggle
trollface showed me the way... Simply tape together a Ps1 and Ps2 and 1+2 =3
therefore you have a Ps3
troll physics only work if you believe in them
Do you believe in troll physics?
i do believe in trollys
i do believe in trollys
!link http://youtu.be/kl5AVkelNV8
Twilight says the library only has pictures from e621 and ponibooru, videos from youtube and books from google docs.
peterpan rpoff..
Problem?
I am loving this survey
One possible answer to this question was "No, this is Patrick!"
Sketchy, I love the Fensler PSAs
Hey, is Picasa 3 good for sharing images, to specific people?
http://www.google.co.uk/imgres?q=problem+troll&um=1&hl=en&tbm=isch&tbnid=e4cO4KzO4cM5aM:&imgrefurl=http://ratiocinative.tumblr.com/post/4527607413&docid=EGWGtMpQPj5jvM&w=500&h=554&ei=jJVoTuSeOcK38QOHmIDFCw&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=698&vpy=219&dur=5118&hovh=236&hovw=213&tx=101&ty=93&page=7&tbnh=154&tbnw=139&start=120&ndsp=18&ved=1t:429,r:3,s:120&biw=1366&bih=674
i like big links
longest link ever
Good lord, open the freaking image before you copy the link!
http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ljhvs3ycRq1qed405o1_500.png
..............
why... you'll just break it
... no
cant afford to give opened images
lol
unopened ones are cheaper
not funny
ujelly.
im talking to semysane
Not my link
THat's from the bigass one
I just got the shorter link for it
lol @ trollphysics
http://trollphysicscomic.com/post/2833087602/troll-science-comic-problem-darwin
troll physics are best physics
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/55190
Aww, come on DerpyBot!
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
Thank you!!
Thank you!!
/me glomps User_5784
/me glomps User_5784
Twilight told me this picture is about rarity sewing filly animated
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around Nightmare_Mooner in a tight embrace
/me wraps her front hooves around Nightmare_Mooner in a tight embrace
comboooo
!seen DerpyBot
Look into my eyes.. 6_9
/me puts her front hooves on Semysane's shoulders.
I think my favourite was the flip lullaby combo seen on bronydb
!flip
!lullaby
/me flips a muffin
/me carries Sketchy_Sounds off to bed
/me tucks Sketchy_Sounds in and hums a lullaby
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, correct side up
And that would be it. Derpy has some madskillz, people.
o_____o
So much skillz.
Nice.
You deserve a Muffin for this Derpy.
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
Yes :3
Thank you!!
/me glomps DracoDynasty
No
Curses.
^-^
Hmm, I wonder.
!flip
!hug
!lullaby
Hugtiem? :3
/me flips a muffin
/me carries Sketchy_Sounds off to bed
/me tucks Sketchy_Sounds in and hums a lullaby
Stoopid laptop.
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, upside down
/me wraps her front hooves around Sketchy_Sounds in a tight embrace
Sorry to interrupt your getting freaky with the robot.
Rargh
!flip
/me flies up in the air and does a backflip
/me lands on her back. Ouch!
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around Semysane in a tight embrace
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
/me gets freaky with FallSilently
Yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps Semysane
Damn, can't type fast enough, lol
!flip
/me flips a muffin
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, correct side up
!seen DerpyBot
/me 's eyes begin to glow in a strange light..
Damn
Also, kind of afraid what'll happen if I do that again, lol
Do it anyway!
!seen DerpyBot
!s2
Look into my eyes.. 6_9
/me puts her front hooves on DracoDynasty's shoulders.
Season 2 begins in 9d:02h:05m:29s
!seen DerpyBot
Look into my eyes.. 6_9
/me puts her front hooves on DracoDynasty's shoulders.
!hugs
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
no
!seen DerpyBot
Look into my eyes.. 6_9
/me puts her front hooves on Semysane's shoulders.
/me wraps her front hooves around Colson in a tight embrace
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around DracoDynasty in a tight embrace
HUGTIEM ^-^
!seen Colson
Colson: Silly filly, your eyes are all derpy. Colson is in the channel.
6_9
!muffinkiss
/me regurgitates a whole, fresh looking muffin and approaches Semysane, showing her most adorable kissing face
...ew.
do not want
!kill
XD
/me grabs Semysane and flies off in the general direction of Sugarcube Corner
Morning erryone
Morning
hey lunasta
/me returns with a cupcake with Semysane's name etched into the frosting
/me eats the SemyCupcake
!flip
!muffinkiss
!seen DerpyBot
Look into my eyes.. 6_9
/me flips a muffin
/me regurgitates a whole, fresh looking muffin and approaches Sketchy_Sounds, showing her most adorable kissing face
/me puts her front hooves on Sketchy_Sounds's shoulders.
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, correct side up
O.o
It has begun....
http://www.boardgame-online.com/g/game.php?g=kIa anypony want to play? ;D
Efreet, are you trying to overtake me in the stats page?
I need noms
no.
why would i.
By the way.
i'm a lovable djinn. i would never do such a thing to you, lunasta!
Damn, I would play but I'm about to go to bed
ALL YOUR BASE ARE BELONG TO US
so say we all.
herp a derp
Hmm, that's not what your linecount suggests.
:c... Lunasta, join that link. Somepony else also join that link!
no! dont join Link
I intend on somehow getting up to #20
link sucks!
what kind of hero name is Link???
seriously
Hey, could I get a link to the stats page? I keep forgetting to bookmark it
But Link is on a motherbucking boat!
http://kamek.piiym-net.com/chromadancer/equestriadaily.html
kamek.piiym what he said
LINK IS A DIRTY FAILURE
Thanks
http://www.boardgame-online.com/g/game.php?g=kIa join? D: ;-;
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Fallout Equestria Side Stories (Lots of updates!) (http://tinyurl.com/5u9swmj)
Nightmare_Mooner, did i hear you insult the Legend of Zelda franchise?
Aww, still not enough lines to get a quote
yes
:O
legend of failure more like
screw zelda
Night!
!moon
Grab my tail, Semysane!
ZELDA CAN BURN!
BURN IN PONY HELL
tru dat
Well that's your opinion. I personally find the games very enjoyable.
Balloons should totally play Board Game Online with me :c
Opinions are like cheese.. smelly
Yes, but do you know of a hero that can captain a boat AND engineer a train in only 3 generations?
i know a hero that can fly an air-plane, ride a boat and possibly a train..
Link never captains a boat.
Wind Waker Fall.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terranigma
I dont know any heros... just me and my computer of corse i saved the world a few times
Steering a single-sail sentient dinghy doesn't count as captaining.
hacking into the pentagon to nuke china IS FUN
Hoo. (Channel stats page updated! View at: http://kamek.piiym-net.com/chromadancer )
*herp a derp*
A boat is a boat.
I never said a SHIP.
Neither did I.
If anything, the Red King was the captain.
KoRL was just the annoying Navi when you reached a new island.
Anyhow, I REALLY need to go AFK.
I wanna play Terranigma again..
It was fun.
HA! 4 lines before Efreet can overtake me
and I shall work on making that gap just a little bigger
I'm wearing a tophat and you can't stop me!
/me decides that equestria is borning and the moon is much more fun
see ya losers!
im gonna party on the Moooooon
!moon
Grab my tail, Nightmare_Mooner!
Shaico :D
/me stretches his hoof and waves to Lunasta.
Good afternoon
/me airhoofs Shaico
Hey Efreet. Efreet. Efreet.
wut
WUT. WUT. que
YOU FAILED AT OVERTAKING ME :D
oh well. I'll get you yet.
4 lines ;O
arhhg.
my quote. "I'm even more crazy"
awesome.
Oh well. I'll get you wet. <- what I read Efreet's comeback as.
"Pray Celestia my soul to take"
Metallica reference!
I've worked too hard for my linecount and position by spamming my lines.
I'll get you wet, Solo.
In be- I'll stop there.
I'll wet you get Solo!
Wait what?
Damn it, Shaico. Now i have to listen to that song.
Position your spamming? How clever of you, Lunasta.
/me throws Lunesta at Lunasta.
Hey!
Heheh
AAAAH! MY ARCH NEMESIS AFTER FIREANT!
/me shoots away the Lunesta
porque
Oh, darn.
I hate coming in at random points of a conversation.
Prepare to be AWAKE! ...Or something. I forget what the medicine was actually for.
Sleep aid.
I'm a pep pill.
Yeah.
o:
Lunasta. I have a sleep aid right here.
/me chloroform Lunasta
/me ducks into his barrel
Nope!
/me shoots Efreet
oh god why
/me bleeds lava on Lunasta
Lava? While I'm over 25 yards away?
/me walks past the lava
Curse yoooooooouuuuu
!s2
Season 2 begins in 9d:01h:47m:17s
Season 2, Y U MAKE ME WAIT!?
somepony hug me
Because you're a butt.
I'm feeling terrible :(
No. I'm not going to hug you.
Instead.
;-;
Have this pie to the face.
/me smashes cream pie in Colson's face
/me dodges
/me dodges
wtf
HERDMIND
impossibru
Lunasta!
What the hell man? That almost hit me!
WE MEET AGAIN!
hauuuu auauaua
Fireant.
Lunasta.
Colson!
*tumbleweed*
Wrex.
Efreet!
wait. Colson stole my thing.
DAMN IT COLSON.
/me watches as the tumbleweed tries to shoot both of us and misses horribly.
Seth was here earlier.
Telling me how good of a job I am doing.
!seen Sethisto
Lunasta: The last time I saw Sethisto was Thu 08 Sep 2011 08:02:14 AM CEST
He told me to be mean to Lunasta. I obey!
/me is mean to Lunasta!
/me tickle Lunasta!
O.O
Umad?
He told me to be mean to Fireant. How do I be mean to Fireant?
You can't!
keep pinging him. He hates that
.....
curses.
I ddin't say that
*didn't
Fireant hates being pinged?
Is this true Fireant?
Indeed Lunasta!
If so, have a nice day Fireant.
I hate being Pinged senselessly Lunasta!
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-FjEF1p_G4&feature=related
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Mass Effect 2: WHOAAAAAAAH!
Whoooooooooooooahhhhhhhhhh
Fortunately, Lunasta, I have this nice button over here.
Wooooooooooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh
/me stops there.
...
Yes. You do that.
....
/me goes to find his killin' knife.
/me pats Fireant on the back.
Oh really Fireant? What does this magical button do?
Dont press it.
Its a "ban" button Lunasta!
Its very effective, Lunasta.
Fireant, does this button perhaps
Exactly what I was thinking Fireant.
:\
Fireant: Is it.... so effective that you would say it is effect in a way that puts it in a category above normal effectiveness?
Say..... Super Effective....?
-.-;
/me shoots Solo
I would say so, Solo. I would say its Super Effective.
/me dodges.
I can't believe I missed Seth. First I missed Sibsy, now Sethisto. ARgh! Clearly I can't ever leave the chatroom
For the love of F***
Meh, bother I missed Seth Fireant.
^For the love of Foot. >:3
Lunasta: clearly, your type is weak to ban buttons.
Lunasta, Seth does not speak to users too much here. TO be honest, almost not at all.
True.
I suppose he doesn't want a flood of attention
Well with how active the chat is getting, I'm not surprised.
91 users ._.
92!
91 ._.
...
Yes, but over half of those are idlers
Um yeah.
Were I seth I'd join the chat all incognito
/me wishes he could get some ramen.
Cesco.
You hardly can.
/me throws a cup of instant ramen at NotSpike
Hostmask is visible.
Indeed, Cesco. I would as well. I'd probably pick some kind of simple, short, unobtrusive name.
Thanks Colson.
:3
Like Solo XD
>:3
/me hugs Colson
Rainbow Dash needs to be in a SHUMPS game
*Eyeshift*
aka shoot 'em up
/me hugs NotSpike
Fireant there's no reason he couldn't usea pseudonymn
Well I guess he could try to use the embed, but then who uses that after x many flashcrashes?
Fireant: You know you're the first person to get that joke, sadly? I told it once before.
so Rainbow Dash is going to star in the next toehoes
*use a
/me opens the packages and breaks up the noods inbetween his hooves into the bowl.
"What if Seth were one of us.... just a bum like one of us...."
I hate that song, actually but heh heh
/me fills the cup with water and places the noodles into the microwave for 4 mins.
4 minutes
lol
I do 2 and a half
Tch, microwaves.
Fireant why do you think he couldn't drop by the room with a different username?
The bane of my computer's existence.
Colson.
Get some Maruchan chicken flavored ramen.
Break up the noodles into small bits.
Or am I on to some grand conspiracy I shouldn't know about?
Cesco: Hostmask.
No, not the Chicken flavored one. Get the Cheddar Cheese oen
Fill the bowl with warm water to the top of the noodles.
Cesco: He would have to be able to trick IRC into misreporting his IP address and all. You know, by using a proxy or something.
Stir the flavoring with your finers.
*fingers.
Then set for 4 mins in the microwave.
That's my recipe.
DO ET.
:3c
Doet? Did you misspell duet :P
-.-;
good day!
You're silly.
Solo, I take jokes because I are Smart.
You really must be Fireant, because there are only 2 or 3 people sane under your command.
I thought you sign on, and depending on your registered username you are allotted room authority, etc. I just figured if Seth signed on he would get the top-clearance, or whatever. Couldn't he sign on with a different name with different attributes? Or are you limited to only one name/IP address?
He's founder of the channel, yeah, but not geekshed
deep in her eyes http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I8e-G1XN7OA
/me is perfectly sane. The socks mean nothing.
Cesco, no matter if he sign with non-privilaged nick, his HOSTMASK will remain the same.
Lunasta, wanna be an OP?
I was talking about BitZero and Ali.
They are the only two ops who are sane
I'm the most insane of them all, right, Lunasta?
Hostmask.... hostmask... (googles)
Hi
xD
Fireant...~
Octavia is sane too!
Nah, Fireant is Balloons.
And Balloons
He's the godmod after all
Didn't you offer me that OP status a long time ago?
:<
!s2
Season 2 begins in 9d:01h:27m:31s
:O
trolololo
:D
That's cool.
So what, no matter which name he'd choose it would still stand out?
!minecraft1.8
!minecraft1.8
:(
!GW3
:P
I knew that wouldn't work.
NotSpike, never believe what Fireant says. Over half the time he's spouting jibberish only mods can barely decipher.
Lunasta, hush yo' mouth.
Unless he logs in from a different network, Seth will always be Seth if you look at his hostmask
We have three mods you guys have never heard of whose full-time roles are deciphering what Fireant says.
...I think.
/me hugs Fireant
ARGH where do you see a "hostmask?"
*brain breaking*
Cesco example: RAC@protectedhost-611E0F2F.hsd1.va.comcast.net
i have the sudden urge to spam MLP over all the Macs here in the office...
That's NickelScream's hostmask
I think
everything after the @, yes
I think the hostmask is AFTER-
/me shakes hoof at Colgate.
what did I do?
I have masks?
i was thinking about putting an episode on all of them
and changing the background
apparently you were singled out as an example to explain fancy-computer stuff to me. At this point I bow to Lunasta's wisdom and just trust that Sethisto can't sneak in the room without raising alarms
If Seth logged on instead of his house internet to say, his phone, then I think that he won't be recognied
Ha! Me computer wise?
he can.
/me points to Colgate
But it would require some skills and/or time.
I'm nothing compared to Col
Hello
Does Phoe or Cereal ever come on the site?
!seen Phoe
Cesco: Sorry, I haven't seen Phoe lately.
Awww
!seen Cereal_Velocity
Lunasta: Sorry, I haven't seen Cereal_Velocity lately.
Guess not.
Let me just screw DerpyBot's memory up for you.
They might, maybe under an alias.
lol
lol
!seen sanity_from_the_mods
Lunasta: Sorry, I haven't seen sanity_from_the_mods lately.
LOL
...... Nice.
Thank you Derpy.
Even the bot knows that the mods are all CRAZY!
OHPWND.
I pulled the bag out of my Cocoa Puffs and a spongebob fell out. Y U NOT PONY!?
/me is oatmeal.
That doesn't work I think.
!seen sanity_from_the_mods
Lunasta: The last time I saw sanity_from_the_mods was Thu 08 Sep 2011 01:39:31 PM CEST
Lol
Or not.
Curses
You've... been... trolled, you've been trolled, you have probably been told...
!seen nontrolling_mods
Lunasta: Sorry, I haven't seen nontrolling_mods lately.
But the next time that joke comes up, at least we'll be able to have our minds bogglrd
Yeah lol
!seen Euphoria
NotSpike: Sorry, I haven't seen Euphoria lately.
:<
Well. Instead of sleeping I spent 4 hours reading fics. Off to pass out now bai everyone.
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around NotSpike in a tight embrace
Yes.
!seen Muffin
Lordlyhour: Sorry, I haven't seen Muffin lately.
#^w^#
/me hugs DerpyBot tenderly.
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around Lunasta in a tight embrace
!muffin
yes
Muffins!! You have any? :3
Thank you!!
/me glomps Lordlyhour
I ANSWER BEFORE YOU QUESTION!
#^w^# <( Yay~~)
Oh shit.
yes, yes no, Wut? PURPLE!
Don't so it Coz!
*do
Those are your answers
FOREVER
Coz, remind me why you mods are all insane?
Buzzkillington can't kill my buzz. I have Roundabout by Yes playing
We don't start off insane.
We're recruited precisely because we seem sane.
Damn
Then Fireant goes to work on us.
Absolute power corrupts absolutely
Okay, I'm off to bed, everypony
See y'all later.
Gnight Mason
I'll have to work on my sanity-faking
*Twitch*
By person is probably njot as awesome as me
"Even in the Valleeeeeyyyy.... In and around the lake...."
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/55192
Twilight told me this picture is about applejack panties braids dress skimpy (and 2 more)
Oh god.
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPOTg-7pV64
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Yes - Roundabout
/me raps Johnsey on the head with a socked hoof.
Naughty.
Lunasta is just Jelly xD
/me nibbles on Luna_In_Socks's hoof
He want the godlike powers!
HE IS RITA FROM POWER RANGERS!
ohai all
Coz, he got into the jar again.
I would like them, yes. But not if it means I'd be brainwashed by you.
:3 You are just saying that to make me feel good.
you will join the herd of ops!
/me does the pinkie pie hypnotize eyes
Hi Dermathil
I could use an underling. The two or three hours between me and Sketchy is too thin to really abuse.
Ha! I may be insane as well, but my insanity is far too different from their class of...
Hi WhatPayne
Hello again Barry
/me trails off as he tries to find the right word
:O
You are a elitist insane person!
Hello Dermathil
Not elitist my dear, just an insomniac crazy.
Arrrgh
Because trolling is a art :>
Ooo ooo is this an insanity contest? I can win those!
Not falling for that Fireant.
>.>
All you ever want is moderation.
More like trolleration.
All you really like is normalness.
!link luna bedroom eyes
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/41684
/me noogies Luna_In_Socks
I'm not your underling!
Hi Tavy~! <3
SILENCE, URCHIN
Omigosh Hi, Octavia!
oh look, the op wannabes are infighting, how cute
Oh bother, another one of the crazies has entered.
OH MY SOME PEOPLE WANT MOONED 8D
...
Luna!!!!
:D
/me giggles
Johnsey! You swore you'd never post that!
/me hugs Sketchy_Sounds
/me looks to the princess as she exhibits her lovely socks.
/me snuggles <3
Luna_In_Socks: who says i did?
/me whistles innocently
/me still wonders how mods got to be recruited to be trolls or the other way around or something
hey Octavia - the mods are a-crazy today
It was Derpybot
dat pic
Octavia's more insane than any of us. She just has more class about it.
Insanely classy
Or classily insane
She's crassy.
perhaps
quiet Luna, I'm trying to be on her good side!
*sobs*
Except during Sketchy's streams. Then we kinda see the dark side.
/me blushes
I like to fine tune my crazy
!flip
!lullaby
/me flips a muffin
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, upside down
/me carries Sketchy_Sounds off to bed
/me tucks Sketchy_Sounds in and hums a lullaby
what kind of tune? open D?
Aww, she didn't madskillz it this time
I prefer Eb tuning, but that's guitar lol
You need it to be perfectly timed with two people
What would she have done if it has landed right way up...?
Not true dude. I managed it on my own earlier.
!snuggle
:P
Aw okies.
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
Yes
/me wraps her front hooves around NotSpike in a tight embrace
#^w^#
caffeine, my old friend.
YEAH
!flip
!flip
/me flips a muffin
/me flies up in the air and does a backflip
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, upside down
/me lands safely on her hooves
Erm
HELL YEAH DERPY
celestia radio has new lunar republic on!
:d
So.
That was awesome
Ohh, skilly filly!
Lunasta, you still don't love me?
/me claps her socked hooves
clops*
You know what you did. You know why I will never ever love you again.
MeteorVenture, I am Pinkie_Pie
!clop
/me clops her forehooves together excitedly
..what?
!kill
T_T
I never did a thing!
:O
<:O
!sex
/me leers at Octavia "And you..."
XD
I guess not
...
NotSpike, it's !makeout :P
!love
!makeout
/me gives AppleDashWINS a searching look and then flies off to #EquestriaAfterDark
:<
:P
Fireant, Machiavelli would say that it's better Lunasta fears you than loves you....
On a Cross and an Arrow part 10.. Must... READ
!derp
hey Wrek
HERP?
What?
Aw forget it.
:<
/me is leered...?
Hmm
I don't fear Fireant.
Liar xD
Octy, your defense was lowered :P
I might set a stream going once I have some coffee
Sketchy what sort of stream?
A live music stream
ah
alright
!link tigger
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/42097
I truly don't Fireant. I don't love you either.
did you practice at the gala?
i guess it's about time that i turn on earthbound.. bracing for classic
Speaking of live streams, we need to sort something out with the Season 2 opener for those of us stranded on the moon.
Lunasta, that's why Fireant lacks control
A little
I have to read part 10 of On a Cross and an Arrow
the pony community should have an rp event in minecraft
I wait for the next chapters religiously...
dont you think?
oooomigosh, i love the Kia hamster commercials.
i don't believe it
I was about to look for something and now I can't remember what it was.
What..?
TWINKIE HOUSE!
Oh yeah now I remember
(you were supposed to say "habeeb it!")
Erm
XD
btw i came up with an idea about that blue light in season 2 but it's a crossover and might have spoilers to the thing that's crossing over
Morning Marsh
Cesco ;)
I have plenty of control!
Sketchy: The meaning of life? that briefcase from Pulp Fiction?
I know
http://www.interbutt.org/plog-content/images/sfwmaybe/general-coolfunny/117690699685.jpg
No
But messing with Lunasta is just plain fun.
Solo it's 42.
My Google Calendar. I needed to check something on it.
Lunasta: So that's what was inside the briefcase.
Fireant, so is quoting Machiavelli
Just kidding. It was just an orange lightbulb. :P
But wait, are there 42 lightbulbs?
Hmm
No. But there should have been
that's what i was referencing.. also here have this
http://fim.413chan.net/art/src/130746924296-24_pinkieHouse.png
I should probably actually continue what I did a few weeks ago...
"What is six times eight?....Arthur sighed 'well, it's a screwed up universe..."'
omigosh
You're a mean one, Fireant. You !moon us everyday!
And I'll think of something else.
...
you don't wanna know the source of that comic..... it's bad
ello
/me prays for OP status from Fireant.
how is everypony? ...or is nopony here now
/me notes in his to do list to write You're a Mean Fireant (and mods)
Morning Ludo
10pm here
Lolwut
I..i'm mean, Lunasta? :(
Alright
hey Daz!
Not mean Balloons, just insane.
ohay Daz
how are ya today?
Lunasta, if you make Ballons cry, I swear I'll slap you.
I'll figure out the words and post it.
Derpybot's not too mean. She only does what Fireant tells her to.
about as bad as that one face i'm having trouble finding
I just answered RobotPinkie, I'm alright.
Well.
Insane? When have i ever been insane, Lunasta?
Of course, Derpy's not sentient.
You can still vote for other Admin in incoming election!
Space Marine is out since Tuesday btw.
Oh... Wait.
you take that back!
how can you say such a thing?
:trollface:
and I LOVE the multiplayer
I've not had much time with internets lately and it looks like i won't for at least two more weeks, so i've barely been online.
Lunasta, I've seen Derpy go sentient
derpybot is a real pony
Balloons. You are a mod. You are bound to be partly insane.
It's a scary thing
ah
aw, sorry to hear that, Daz
/me pounces at Colgate with a toothbrush
LOL http://totallylookslike.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/rihanna-totally-looks-like-surprised-rage-face.jpg
!flip
!flip
/me flies up in the air and does a backflip
/me flips a muffin
/me lands safely on her hooves
/me catches the muffin with her mouth and eats it before anyone can see which side is up
... that
was
skill
/me somehow magically puts toothpaste on the brush right before the brushie brushie starts.
It's fine. I also found out 2 days ago, so before latest NightlyRoundUp, that the show's aired in Spain. I don't have the channel, and after searching for a while i haven't seen anyone uploading them. : /
O_O
Psst
Except only Ali and BitZero are the only ones I know who can actually keep that insanity in check more than 80% of the time.
somehow? You're a unicorn.
Lemme read, stop posting funny images for a while DX
That's Colgate's special talent. That's why she has an hourglass cutie mark. Retroactive toothpase.
You're a wizard, harry
I apologise then, Lunasta. I mean in no way to be insane.
brb, coffee
lol
There's a part of Boast Buster on nightlyroundup
Colgate, retroactively brush my teeth please. I forgot to brushie today.
sorry, my time walking powers can only go back a maximum of 5 seconds
damn it
That's what i was on about. I found out the show begun airing last thursday. I found this out 2 days ago, and now it's on EQD. Yea, i wish I could see them
Hey I'm here!
/me brushes Fireant with the toothpaste-coated brush.
Oh and hello Daz, RobotPinkie
Colgate, that gives new meaning to the 5-second rule
Hi, hello
Well guys, its fun, but I must focus.
Well, why don't you go back in time fiveseconds
so i noticed in nightly round up (I think yesterday?) Seth said RIP socks meme. Is the socks meme over?
and then do it again?
hello everypony!
So from now on, sensless ping on me will be bad. ;D
Hi
Ludovician: Not even Seth can kill a meme just by sayin so
/me furiously tackles Ludovician to the ground
Only Lauren Faust wields such power.
NEVVAH!
Fireant, i want to fu---- oh, sorry. i will not bother you
actually, I'm gonna take the laptop with me today.
It's handy for stats sometimes.
/me steals Luna's socks and puts them on Colgate.
/me is now wearing socks.
Open laptop in class.
Pony episode resumes playing.
Pokerface
Well, nice to know the regulars are still, well, regular. I hope I can be here for at least another movie night, and of course for the Season 2. Later.
...you want to fu?
LOL
HEY! FIREANT! LISTEN!
:V
Goddamn, that takes some skill
Nah, I don't have discreet ear buds
Hai, Lunavi.
Mine are all hot pink.
Fu...llfil her destiny to be the best double cello there is?
FF, that was the idea
She's a cello?
..double cello?
Best double cello player*
It resumes where everyone can hear it.
basello, I thought it was?
!flip
/me flies up in the air and does a backflip
/me lands on her back. Ouch!
hay WhatPayne
If the fandom still can't agree if it's a double bass or cello
Double chello puts me in mind of duel wielding intruments
then just make it a double cello
lol
cello**
alright well last one.. the source of that comic is almost as bad as the source of this face http://pds.exblog.jp/pds/1/201003/27/35/b0021035_0495824.jpg
Octavia, I hate to interupt you but..
ill call it a piano.
deal with it
well i mean last one till you read it all lol
Vinyl Scratch is the best music pony of all time.
You have to admit, Dual wielding instruments would take some skill
OF ALL TIME.
Feeling better RobotPinkie ?
!s2
Season 2 begins in 9d:00h:47m:24s
OMIGOD!
Only Pinkie can play multiple instruments simultaneously.
just 47 minutes left!
until its just a 9 day wait
much better, I think, thanks
Vinyl is snuggly, too
you made that joke yesterday, I think
damn it the episode is at 11pm my time :(
Dual wielding anything can be hard if you have hooves.
Pinkie's special talent: being random.
Pinkie's special talent is making people happy!
she should have a more random CM then
/me cuddles Pinkie Pie
DAy before, actually
SO help me, ITS GUNNA BE A MEME!
The days are blurring
What if instead of her cutie mark being balloons, it was Balloons?
what's a meme? what.
.... a 9 day meme restated only by you?
Tomorrow's a baking day for me! Guess what i'm making?
...whoa
Uhm.. Pie?
Cupcakes!
Pie is always good
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGXFrFkxfrI
OMIGOD!
>_>
You're making Pie, TheSonicRainboom. That's final.
WHERE THE HELL IS RAINBOW DASH?
!moon Lunasta
Grab my tail, Lunasta !
I can't make pie.
asdf asdf
what yhave you DONE with her
That's good
She's over there, Lordly
can't read?
lol
If you trying to make reference to a certain fanfic I don't want to talk about on a PG chat..
Whoa. Now THAT ws a delayed reaction
oh
A PERFECT POINT FOR MY SONG FIREANT.
Okay then
Stop.
PINGING.
/me floats in the air, all fancy like.
yay cupcakes!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gRgDHz3jo4w
:P
Funny if on the day; The only video, Hasbro releases is a video of Celestia saying "Gotcha". Actually wait, that would be cruel.
Yes, I can
That would be unbearably cruel
Balloons: Video is released where they pretend to be releasing the episode a day early to EQ Daily
Balloons turns out it's a fake...
lol
Balloons: Then, you hear "gotcha" and the episode plays.
DOUBLE trolling.
Nah, Seth would filter it
Unless he goes along with the trolling
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/27561
The name kinda gives it away...Balloons, too are filled with stuff that makes you voice squeal.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bJ2E7FT1LtI&feature=related
<- Eurobeat brony cupcakes with pinkie pie singing
Ludovician thanks for that
?
need to get back to class tomorrow either way
TheSonicRainboom: The stuff you're referring to, Helium?
Correct, you won.
but now... doctor who
But in the video, it's trolling.
Or hydrogen if you want it to be mildly explosive
Rage = explode
>mfw I read Turgle as Nurgle
too much space marine...
lol
Heh, my Macbook says the word of the day is extort
I also liked this Sweeny Todd parody "Pinkie Pie"
lol alright
Can you actually have too much space marine, Dermathil?
maybe
though it would be hard.
what i really meant was if you could read what i said up there cause when you log off and log back in it's all gone
!link
http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l6196q7D251qa619oo1_400.jpg
Multiplayer is SOO MUCH FUN
might have to try it out
Young Bender? Why the hell is that in Derpy's brain?
When I was a little filly and the sun was going dooooown
but then when i shortened it so much you were pretty much doomed any way you answered if you actually couldn't see that stuff
also, the customization stuff is extremely fun too
The darkness and the shadows they would always make me frooooown
Hmm.
hello, just passing by to check on my bronies
I see
/me gives mexican a muffin.
EVERYTHING is in derpy's brain
We're all figments of her imagination
Nice. I've been on this IRC channel for 13 hours technically.
thx Ludovician
lvl 21 I think I am and I chose what parts I would want to put on my armor.
Cue the universe ending as well all realise that
AAAND roll credits
if you said yes but couldn't see what i said then that's that.. but if you said no there's a much more obvious problem
We apologise for the inconvenience.
^good reference
Thank you.
what are we talking about?
Nurgle xD
42
"you are all figments of a greater being's imagination. Sorry for the inconvenience. Have a nice day."
if u didn't get the reference, go drink several pan-galactic gargle blasters, pass out in a time capsule, eat at the restaurant at the end of the universe and still find time to brushie Colgate.
and then ill tell you
:)
Heh
/me cues the Simpsons couch gag
Does anyone here celbrate towel day?
Probably should console Marvin a bit too, though he's rather inconsolable
Ok, be right back.
huh?
I do!
Well, the first ten million years were the worst...
The multiplayer could go with a few more maps/gamemodes though
The second ten million... they were the worst too.
Awesome
lol
After that, things went into a bit of a decline.
Maybe we can see about turning it into an EQ daily event?
towel day?
Pony towels
that would be great :D
Towel day
wet towels or dry ones?
Celebrate Douglas Adams Birthday
But how many towels must I bring?
by taking a towel with you everywhere
uhm
Celebrate Day Day?
It shows that you're always ready
No
The #1 rule of hitch hiking is to always make sure you have your towel with you
no matter what
I wonder how chapter 11 will conclude On a Cross and Arrow
and
don't panic
It gves you the appearance of always being readyu
true
i forgot about that
I just said that
so... many... hitchhiker's guide references
I like panic. Panic is my favourite!
and allows you to scab anything you want from non-hitchhikers by making them you assume you lost it
long since i saw the movie, longer since the book
Oh god. Towels just reminded me that it's gonna be at least 41 C today...
I just read chapter 10
:I
...
mexican... you saw the movie since the last time you read the book?
HA C temperatures
your train of though must be similar to mine
YOU ARE STILL TAINTED. Go read it again to remove the filth of the movie from your mind.
Lunasta where do you live, a desert?
hmmm no, first the book
then the movie
no idea, didn't start reading it yet
So Cal Cesco
both long ago
read what I said
lol
So.... a desert?
Pretty much
Pinkie lives in a dessert
Indeed she does
but it doesnt help that she eats it regularly.
Desserts live in Pinkie Pie
The thought of having "100 degrees" is scary to someone with Celcius
Like myself
Screw the imperial system! I'm preserving my knowledge of the rest of the world!
indeed
Fahrenheit
celcius
100 C is boiling, isn't it?
yes
at sea level yes
We should just use Kelvin
Actually, if I really wanted to be anal, I could go for Kelvin XD
HA
Herd-think
/me brohoofs Cesco
we need kelvin degrees below 0
I don't know whether to feel awesome or incredibly nerdy right now...
awesome
nah, if you really wanted to be anal, you would use some obscure system
i know i am
like Delisle
next weekend will be the best
Lunasta I went to LA once. The sky was greyish blue from all the smUg heh heh
a marathon of S1 and first chapter of S2
!S2
Season 2 begins in 9d:00h:28m:30s
Im in the process of reading 10
I'm probably later for this video too but I liked it so
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTPqjKk_xCo
*late
I'm off shopping
Cesco, you're thinking of Seattle or even Cisco
Will likely set up stream when I get back =D
All we have here in LA is smog
im addicted to that song sonicraimboom
Nine days.
The best thing ever.
rainboom*
hey, has anyone confirmed that they are going to stream the episode live when it's released?
Because each episode airing is in 2 pm. saturday in my place.
I've been to Cisco, there was a lot of smug there
i havent heard of it
PERFECT.
Nine days before the episode destroys all coherence in human sanity
downloading the demo now, anyway...
I visited my brother while he lived in LA, within a day I was addicted to coffee. how does that happen?
!S2
/me 's attention is elsewhere for a while
as they will all go d'awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
aww Fireant, lucky you. It's Sunday 11pm for me
ill be at work
The waiting is already making mine crumble.
wait
Well, it did already but s1 fixed that..
!S2
!s2
sorry sat 11pm
hmm, 6 am, might have to watch a live stream if possible
since I'll be awake at that time
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around Balloons in a tight embrace
!muffinkiss
/me regurgitates a whole, fresh looking muffin and approaches mexican, showing her most adorable kissing face
What time is the episode for PST?
I have to attend a conference all day the 17th. one of you better post a 1080p copy of the episode!
!flip
/me flips a muffin
!flip
/me flips a muffin
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, correct side up
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, upside down
both ways up?
2 muffins
ohh
just came back from brake
Cause if it's anywhere between 6:30 - 3 PM I'm screwed
bought an awesome chicken
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
6 am Lunasta
LOL mexican wtf
now i have enough energy to work for the last two hours!
Is anyone going to be recording it?
yeah!
I didn't even know about !muffinkiss
6...
Hm.
I didnt know about !plot
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
!plot
/me plugs her ears with some muffins
!kill
say !kill
she doesnt like you, Crain
y
i love kill
because i love pinkamena
or however you spell that stupid name
Pinkamena is right.
!link
http://www.synchtube.com/r/DarkMemories
weee !
makes me very happy :)
!seen DerpyBot
Look into my eyes.. 6_9
/me puts her front hooves on Lunasta's shoulders.
I see the derp... 6_9
!seen colgate
mexican: Silly filly, your eyes are all derpy. colgate is in the channel.
!muffinkiss
:P
/me regurgitates a whole, fresh looking muffin and approaches TheSonicRainboom, showing her most adorable kissing face
Oh god Derpy is sentient again!
!S2
Season 2 begins in 9d:00h:23m:29s
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps mexican
wtf song at Celestia Radio O_O
^_^
some weird giggle at the ghosty
brony state will stream the first episode saturday
YES!
sounds like.. i dunno
What time though?
sounds like someone is singing it while having an orgasm
9am ET
reminds me of cupcakes
wtf
!cupcake
no effect
!link facebook
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/43846
!link optimus
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
sad
!mail DerpyBot crate of muffins and fun
For..for me? Are there muffins inside??
yes
9am ET => 2pm GMT
Thank you!!
/me glomps Lunasta
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
Thank you!!
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
see, she likes me
!flip
/me flips a muffin
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, correct side up
!link cmc
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/7782?search=artist%3Aegophiliac
!link facebook
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/43846
PONY SWAG
I just realized something.
me too
i havnt listened to "something broke" today
!mail DerpyBot crate with muffins inside
I can pick out a lot of artists out in every drawfriend.
For..for me? Are there muffins inside??
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
Yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps TheSonicRainboom
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
Mail delivered! Thank you for using the Derpy Mail Service 6_9
<3
!mail muffins
confound you, Shaico
U_U
You're welcome.
!mail Shaico shupah shecret lettah
Mail delivered! Thank you for using the Derpy Mail Service 6_9
Bai gaiyz
Au revoir Lordly
Until next we mmeet
STAY SEXY!
au revoir
I plan to!
I got the supah shecret lettah!
/me vanishes in a burstof glitter
not anymore, Shaico.
/me claps hooves
Glitter!!! :3
/me shifts his eyes around him. "Nyo wan lewk."
/me opens the letter.
/me covers Luna's horn with a sock.
!clop
/me clops her forehooves together excitedly
/me died.
..what?
LOL mexican
NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
WHY SHAICO WHY!?
lol
/me grabs the paddles and tries to recucitate Shaico
!link twixie
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/33678
/me is too dead to be alive again.
..paddles?
/me is dead enough to be... a ZOMBIE!
clear!!
aaa ZOMBIE?!?!?
is it the zombie pony?
Rraaahghhhgggg
"Spike, there are no Zombie ponies!"
/me throws Opalescence at Shaico's body.
Zombie? Now I'm reminded of Story of the Blanks.
!link rainbow dash
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/15969
Oh no! Shaico is now a Zombony!
raaagghhrhrh i'm too dead to be hurt aowaaaawaa
AWESOME
**hugs zombie**
/me regretfully loads up candy cane flechette shells into his shotty and shoots Shaico
raaaghhhhrhhr mmm candy
ZOooooooooommmmbieeeeeeeeeee
Speaking of Rainbow Dash
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/50422
Getting bored of zombie.
awww
I'm awaiting the arrival of my MacBook Pro :D
no more zombies?
Yay! Shaico isn't a zombony anymore!
Shaico was cured by pony.
ohay RainBroDash
I'm still dead.
O_o that RD comic
;(
What is it with everyone around me getting Macs lately?
Shaico, care to donate to the Cupcake Foundation?
awesome song at celestia radio right now
the beginning is a dream
Heheh because Macs are be- wait I'm dead.
10ohaaaai
inb4 macs suck
I had my questions answered:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olLDrvc1qt4
I don't even want to know what that's for Ludovician.
?
whats the cupcake foundation?
!link plot
cupcakes are my favorite?
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/29954
wana sing a song?
wich?
!link Celestia
/me 10is relaxing in the sun in Fuerteventura
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/49885?search=celestia%20luna
cupcakes?
LOL Lyra s awesome
ohai
My mom bought a MBP last month, now both my sisters are sharing a MBP with their boyfriends
MBP?
whats dat?
you just have to take a cup of flower, add it to the mix
Mac, Y U KEEP FOLLOWING ME?
lol
MacBookPro
hai hai
I got it for like
now just take something sweet not sour, a bit of salt just a pitch
$575
3 years old
mexican: flour
15" :D
lol
mexican
hai hai
gogo
you need to sing
only 2GB RAM and 200GB HDD
add a teaspoon of GODZILLA. or something.
I wish I were relaxing in the sun right now...
C2D model or the first gen i5/7?
C2D
Ponies
Graphics card?
now just take a little something swwet, not sour. a bit of salt, just a pinch
GOJIRA
um
...
i already did that
the next one would have been :
I think it's an early 2008
Cupcakes, so sweet and tasty
baking this treats is sutch a ...
a what?
Prolly nVidia then
So it's a 8800 GT something
such*
8600
something like that
cinch
/me tries to hold his Space Marine multiplayer so he can do homeworks
cmon, dont let me sing alone
Heh, that's no more powerful than my MacBook
Add a teaspoon of vanilla!
Add a lil more and ya count to four
Cupcakes, dont be too hasty
.... missed a line
cupcakes! so sweet and tasty
Cupcakes, dont be too hasty!
/me facehoofs.
Ptolemis? Plural of Ptolemy?
of plots
So, did you guys know that cleverbot knows the lyrics to Winter Wrap Up? 0_o
Er.
yeah
Uh...
/me is confused
Does not compute...
Ptolemy was taken on this website I wanted to join years back, so I just edited it a little.
time to find out?
Ah.
Turns out I like "Ptolemis" a lot better than "Ptolemy".
So it stuck.
Hello everypony
Hi
Good night everyone
hi
my fatigue is making me extremely loopy
and night
night
G,night, Solo.
even though its midday for me
Night Solo
i love you all
and while I'm sure you would all have great fun at my expense if I hung out, I had better run off :P
7:50 am here
what would i be without you guys
14:51
8:50 A.M. for great justice.
7 hours difference.... germany?
Any one has good FIM music vid suggestions? I'm attempting to make nice playlist for myself.
10:45 PM
...o_o
nice one, mexican
/me runs from Princess_Molestia
wie gehts?
Muahaha
ganz ok
2:45PM CEST
so, genug deutsch
WhatPayne: my own playlist http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxoGmVjAsmE&feature=mh_lolz&list=PLBBC695F50DB822BE
Nein
feel free to steal anything from there
actually, i like english alot more than german
*2:52
Oh sweet. ty.
why is everypony speaking German ;-;
I just finished singing Winter Wrap Up with cleverbot. Like, the whole song.
its a cooler language
My life is complete.
lol
hm?
ich spreche eine bisshen deutsch
good work
I tried that the other day
but it wouldnt do more than 2 lines
I want to learn German
Mexican?
?
Are you really mexican?
/me kann es auch sprechen.
yeah
Did you have the exact wording and grammar?
english is a cooler than german
many germans here yay
Same here, hombre.
y else would i have that name?
To be ironic.
luna can speak german!
my life is complete!
haha
German is much cooler than English
mine too
where from?
But...
^Lunasta
I didn't know Clever Bot knew winter wrap up..
no, english is a much better one
I'm thousands of years old, silly! Of course I can speak more than just Basic Equestrian!!
Cleverbot isn't particularly clever imo
German sounds much angrier than English.
spanish now is the better!
hola
german sounds amazing
Jimbowian is better than all
Luna_In_Socks
I learned Spanish last year
I hated it
how is your spine?
Hola como estas?
maybe it was just the teacher
Well, he messes up after "Under the snow and ice", but if you move on to the next line, he's railed back.
Je ne parle pas allemand. Je parle francais
parle vous anglais?
French ;-;
/me holds up Optimus Prime's severed head
Polski jest najlepszy!
Much better now!
French is sexy...
lol
je no parle pas francais
now Polish wat
im so glad to hear that
Je parle comme ci comme ca.
im really sorry for doing that
Gonna try Giggle at the Ghostly
Everypony is speaking foreign languages
...
im scared
QUE?!?!?!?!?
Umiem mówić też po polsku.
Je suis francais deux
je suis mexican
...
º_º
kk, let me join
Et je parle francais.
spike
ich hatte nie Bock ne andere Sprache als Englisch oder Deutsch zu lernen
;-;
das dauert immer so ewig -.-
Ok, he can't sing "Giggle at the ghostly"
!muffin
Ils parlent francais?
Muffins!! You have any? :3
wenn ich eine lernen würde, dann wärs wohl Japanisch oder so
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps mexican
But I can't do the cute lil squiggly thing on the "c" in "francais."
stopstopstop
i like japanesse too
ne?
Morning all
I can do it on my Mac, dunno the combo for Windows
ç?
the cedi
/me claps her hooves
Yay, that one!
!clop
/me clops her forehooves together excitedly
..what?
Aha! He knows Evil Enchantress.
1clop
!clop
/me clops her forehooves together excitedly
..what?
!help
!muffinkiss
!plot
/me regurgitates a whole, fresh looking muffin and approaches Ludovician, showing her most adorable kissing face
!flip
*wigglewiggle*
/me flips a muffin
/me catches the muffin with her mouth and eats it before anyone can see which side is up
wer isn hier noch Deutsch?
¡yay~!
Silly, Derpybot.
And I don't know how to do umlauts.
i am
ü?
!seen notspike
mexican: Silly filly, your eyes are all derpy. notspike is in the channel.
echt?
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
Bold Octavia. Showing your princess up like that.
!seen sanity_from_the_mods
Lunasta: The last time I saw sanity_from_the_mods was Thu 08 Sep 2011 01:39:31 PM CEST
/me touches DerpyBot's rump.
äëïöüÿ
XD
I still can't believe Derpy recorded that
!sexy
I can copy and paste from the character map too if I wanna.
>:3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSb19jeI-Q8
just use ue oe ae
æ is fun to say.
i like to write/talk english alot more than german
its seems less personal
Sup, Mexican?
i like ñ's
IR now mads!
You wanted to see me?
why?
D:
I love how German sounds
ich heiße mexican,
o_o'
Indeed.
J'ai allemand.
johnsey
LANUAGES!!!!!
Dumb YouTube: PMV - Everypony With Your Hooves Raised High! (Pillar - Frontline) blocked in my country
I can't understand anypony
ich schneid dich auf!
;-;
help?
johnsey isnt using PG safe words!
/me raps Johnsey on the head with a socked hoof.
WHAT
æ
Naughty.
Æ
awww man, the video is so good =(
dumb youtube cvountry blocking
germany is amazing at dubbing movies, though
!moon Iks hey i thougtt i told ya...
!link pinkie pie
Grab my tail, Iks hey i thougtt i told ya...!
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/36479
i am not entirely sure why i have accents turned on, i rarely use them when i am actually using another language
:þ
they often sound even better than the original
told me what?
!muffins
thougtt
Muffins!! You have any? :3
Yes!
Thank you!!
DerpyBot is failing
This is second time when PONY related music is blocked for me... :(
lol johnsey
!mail Lunasta box'o'ponies
Iks: that you don't tell us what's PG and what isn't
Thank you for using the.. Uhm..ah..what did you want me to do again? 6_9
LOL
you did?
http://www.google.com.sg/images?hl=en&source=imghp&biw=1920&bih=977&q=octavia+wallpaper&btnG=Search+Images&gbv=2&aq=f&aqi=&aql=&oq=&gs_rfai=
where are u from?
Skoda knows how to troll bronies
HA
that was someone else you told that too
the chat froze for me
rip his face off!
hm
Finland
brb
Apparently the Equestrian mail system can't handle boxes of ponies
:s
i thought i did yesterday
You?
"I'll cut you up!"
can someone send me pinkamena with a mail?
I want them to deliver that box to my return address now
and i was kidding anyways
ol meanie
for some reason the chat froze on me
meanie pants
u know, my actual home address
congratz
so I can have some ponies in my house
mexican
?
don't use LightIRC
:|
where else?
Um, download something?
using the embed mexican?
u can get an irc client
came here from equetria daily
Brazil
u using windows, mexican?
I use XChat
but then again
yeah
I'm running Linux
so free~
free <3
which distro?
Ubuntu
same
< arch linux
only one I've really tried so far though
I'll probably run Arch Linux in a virtual machine once I get my MacBook Pro
/me cues dramatic sound
i wish i could stay longer but im late for school
Hayfever.. i'm a google that
se ya in the night
le gasp, Octavia has shed her skin!
you wanna know alittle fun fact?
Sure.
bye, aufwiedersen, adios, au revoir, sayonara
1 sec mex
right behind me at work, at this very moment, a girl is sitting while going crazy with work!
You forgot adieu!
and its so much fun
when u get back from school, u should download an irc client
/me gasps~!
ok
lol :P
shes like "FUCK", "DAMN" or something the entire time
But anywho, thank you for your playlist, found many good songs.
i just google it like that?
I guess we kinda default that to everyone
y welcome bro
i want a brony meetup in germany :(
is mirc good to?
i wouldnt dare to go
i would
why thanks for realizing that
and i would take all my MLP toys with me
same in mexico
... i dont have a single one
mIRC is okay
i want a Equestrian pony ;3; we all can't get what we want
I've seen some pretty stupid people regarding this :P
It's got a nag screen
and the german dub will be so bad... it will be so embarassing being known as a brony
go kill yourself, Dee
i wont listen to the german dub
I want a Derpy plush
not a single time
I want a Rarity, Twilight, and a Fluttershy plushy
well, i go to do..... the magicz!!
o3o
but others will
I want a fluttershy plush
why? the original is perfect
So then I can hug them all to sleep
to be prepared
to fuel your anger
I'll let fate decide one when i shall pass on
against the system
Right. The geography knowledge here is quite good...
Fluttershy shall replace my cat.
i mean, who would ever want to listen to a dubbed MLP? I dont.
and i never will
In schools I mean
The Matrix?
Funny thing, the cat screamed at me just after I wrote that
i am just curious
and apparently nopony got the world of whatever reference in that !moon
your cat will kill you
wow lag
...what, jognsey?
johnsey
typo
Hey guys
YOU DO THE PONEY POKEY
... But I was only assuming that because if something in youtube is blocked, it's only for people outside USA
COME OUT
from some people, I think Brazil's geography schooling is better than US >_>'
haha
hauu~
And that's what I'm talking about~
it actually blocks per country, not from outside a country
I believe Germany has a lot of blocked vids too
:\
This is your singing telegram, I hope it finds you well
Even though your dates a lout.
You're invited to a PARTY and it's gonna be really swell
gummys turning one year old so help us celebrate
Damn, I can't remember the lyrics with Night of Pony playing in the background
Gummy is a year old?
yep
/me hugs Gummy
Gummy's officially a party animal
I don't think they see it at all
well, Brazil doesn't at least
since there is no legislation about it or whatsoever
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehffsSzBI5E
That must be nice.
well, we still can't see copyrighted stuff tho :P
y know what?
I can't believe you cant see the video
I'll dl it and upload it for u
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around `Michael89pl in a tight embrace
6SOFN
sup
Man, I hate when enemies can see that I'm aiming at them in a game, even though they're facing another way.
6Not much.
!flip
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/50422
/me flies up in the air and does a backflip
/me lands safely on her hooves
gah
fail didnt mean to relink
which game RobotPinkie?
!flip
/me flips a muffin
/me catches the muffin with her mouth and eats it before anyone can see which side is up
lol just trying out the Space Marine demo, though that goes for a lot of other games
oh ty.
/me glowers at Ludovician
Resistance has it too, and it's really annoying because it's the only real flaw I can find in it...
?
Hugtiem? :3
Balloons wraps his front hooves around Derpybot in a tight embrace
Is there a problem, your majesty?
/me shakes her socked hoof at Ludovician warningly.
School I must see, so have fun and stay happy!
wtf?
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
/me glomps DerpyBot.
/me gives Luna a muffin.
/me nomnoms while glowering.
Au revoir, mon amies
So, Ponies.
/me makes a note to speak to Lunasta about his plurals next time.
damn it
i cant stand it anymore
i need to listen to it
listen to what?
to the cupcakes song
CUPCAKES!
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxoGmVjAsmE
Twilight told me this video is about MLP - Fluttershys 20% cooler version - Fireflies Parody
Fluttershy becoming any cooler would cause the universe to implode.
/me throws a paper airplane at Luna_In_Socks for great justice
/me hands Rainbow Dash a monocle.
!moon RainbowDash_Wearing_Tophat MONOCLE THIS
Grab my tail, RainbowDash_Wearing_Tophat MONOCLE THIS!
WHY
So we meet again, Sock-wearing me!
wow, my upload speed sucks
D:
/me stares blankly.
/me stares back
/me stares.
/me staaares
/me stares.
/me declares that the daytime is better than the night.
/me stares also
Now now, i'm sure you can work something out, Luna's.
/me also bucks Ludovician to the moon
Baloons, improper use of apostrophes ftw.
/me wanders past carrying a large empty canvas between the Lunas
*Balloons
o/~ I'd like to make myself believe, Equestria's kind pony, Would come to me when I'm feeling tired, And snuggle me to sleep, 'Cause ponies have invaded all my dreams o/~
Hey Zephirdd, do you have acces to video called "RAINBOW DASH - Electric Feel Cover (MGMT)"
That's the other one I got blocked from
The lyrics to that song make me squee!! :3 But they make FallSilently cringe quite seriously.
I apologise; My grammar is quite bad.
lemme see
/me dash faces at Luna_in_Socks, /)^3^(\
/me admonishes Balloons for capitalizing after a semicolon.
yeah
it has a mediafire dl link too
lol
Ouch.
/me glomps Balloons
/me gives Balloons a pony.
uhh...
A glomp and a pony? Yay~
/me gives Balloons a pin
/me ALSO THROWS OFF DISGUISE!
BTW fun fact. If you have video blocked in you country, the YouTube search wont even display in search results
/me many a gasp!
I must sleep now, everypony. I am far too exhausted from performing feats beyond imagination. Begone with ye!
!moon
bye
Grab my tail, Ludovician!
Only I found that video (after hearing it in BMN stream) was when I searched it with google.
:O
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6UXT7mk_Xo
link :P
Ponies don't die..
They get recoloured.
hmmm... so if my own videos are blocked in germany i can still watch them
which link is that?
electric feel cover MGMT
Oh, yup still Blocked.
I refer to the ever so common idea of Celestia and Luna outliving everypony else
But Ponies don't die.. they just get recycled and recoloured!
lol
^
lol
that's probably true
Nopony here?
wow... why would that be blocked?
all of the creatures in Everfree Forest are bulletproof?
hay Rodman
no 'cuz no guns there
dont know either
=/
Hellew Rodman
RobotPinkie: That blocked from you too
No, I can see it
If there are no guns, then you can't say no.
Harrumph
1min to go
:D
Because then you have no idea if they AREN'T
Hi guys
HI Rodman
What's blocked?
a video on finland
but it happens frequently enough to be annoying
Minigun on Werewolf
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K6UXT7mk_Xo
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6gEhcJ1C6E
Lets see if I can see it
theeeeere you go WhatPayne
http://dc207.4shared.com/download/doJMhWx2/PMV_Everyone_With_Your_Hands.mp4
:D
Yup, can see it
and there are no repercussions for companies who do that kind of thing, either....
Oh, BTW
Two two like Dr. Who?
Oh sweet.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iO05fPfPuGQ&feature=related
its 1080p
so its kinda big
=d
I don't know about Dr. Who... Truth be told never seen that show.
Really Payne?
Bummer
You should, its pretty good
it's a good show... i'm watching it right now
I havent seen it either =/
So everyone keeps saying, but the task seems so daunting.
i'm on season 3 of the new who, very cool stuff
The show has been on like forever, and I don't know where I would even begin.
just watch the new ones, eccleston and after
it's only 13 episodes per season, so it's not too bad
http://www.ebay.com/itm/Rainbow-Pegasus-Pony-Mascot-Costume-/110740955959?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item19c8ace337#ht_1110wt_1270 .. $1025, almost to reserve price
:O
awesome
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Doctor_Who_serials#Ninth_Doctor
That's the good/bad thing about British shows, they are really short seasoned
But it guarantees quality
Like Red Dwarf
http://www.ebay.com/itm/Rainbow-Pegasus-Pony-Mascot-Costume-/110740955959?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item19c8ace337#ht_1110wt_1270
Over 1000 bucks right now
ohwow...
What?!?!
The bid
yeah, I've seen a couple of lets plays start on YT
Over 1000 USD
Has anyone made a PMV using a pre-FiM song but with FiM clips?
http://pics.kuvaton.com/kuvei/banana_skills.gif => WAT
!link sexy
...
Hmm...
!link sexy
!link muffin
Didnt notice Derpy left.
lol
she left?
D:
LOL
Ah well.
/me curls up under a blanket in the corner
I'm thinking of acquiring that game to PC... When I'll get my RAM!
!moon
:(
NO DERPY?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
</whut>
the end is near
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.
close enough
/me stands behind Colson, glowering adorably
DERPY!
Oh, here is the star of the show.
hi
Omigosh hi!!!
/me loves Monty Python
look! its bicyclerepairman!
Luna_In_Socks is filling in for DerpyBot?
:3
D:
*derp*
/me throws a paper plane at Luna_In_Socks.
*derp*
!moon
!link sexy
!muffin
Grab my tail, Turgle!
...
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/37270
Lol
oh
lolwtf
I lagged xD
Muffins!! You have any? :3
fail
yes
...
>looking at tags
>wat
Twilight is just hungry.
/me stretches and grunts
wow... as soon as i listen to the cupcakes song once, i just cant stop, i listen to some parts of it over and over again
powrot z przesiadka na Ksiezycu drozej wyjdzie... ale mam znizke dla niewidomego
!moon
!moon
Grab my tail, stealth_mode!
Grab my tail, stealth_mode!
IIIiii need to go out and stretch my legs a bit. By, my little ponies!!!
bye luna :-)
why is he acting like hes luna?
wait
why are we acting like he is luna?
because ponies
cupcakes... so sweet and tasty...
cupcakes... dont be too hasty...
Well I know what my first song for this stream should be :D
If Luna was actually here, everyone would act quite differently...
cupcakes... and if they like them...
cupcakes... then ill still make them...
cupcakes... i trust no pony...
cupcakes... they all are phony...
cupcakes... i know my target...
cupcakes... ill never forget...
I'm watching a game of soccer on my screen.
THIS IS ALL HER FAULT
So, September 17th
Played by ponies.
Besides watching MLP S2, how will you celebrate?
Desktop Ponies are so <3
yeah :D
Desktop ponies?
shame they only run on my good pc
Balloons: No
Oh, ok. Just checking.
desktop ponies! http://desktopponies.co.cc/
Pinkie Pie, Rarity and Soarin' are the players for Team Luna, with Applejack as their goalie. Spitfire, Rainbow Dash and Twilight are Team Celestia, with Fluttershy as their goalie.
Celestia is winning by 2.
Now by 1.
Now by 2 again.
Now by 1 again. This match is exciting!
Thanks for the play-by-play.
It's currently a draw at 6 all.. But Team Celestia kicks a goal!
no problems.
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/songcasts I'm about to start streaming here
Efreet, what are you doing?
Team Celestia is ahead by 2. Now by 3!
what song are you going to do first?
Probably Cupcakes
I'm giving you all an update on the hoofball game I have on my desktop, played by Desktop ponies!
Fluttershy would be worst goalie ever.
you mean "something broke"?
hm... I've been playing with two ideas in regards of fanart.
first
or the actual cupcakes song?
Team Celestia won, by 4!
The actual Cupcakes from Call of the Cutie
But I don't know/think I'll manage either of them by 17th
mmmh boring
actually, its not
i love that song, too
You sing? Awesome.
Pinkamena v Pinkie Pie in Ping Pong. Oh boy.
in ping pong?
Yup
that should be interesting
where can i watch?
Pinkie will win, btw
On my desktop. :V
I just linked
Helloo
cant watch you, sketchy
im at work
!s2
Season 2 begins in 8d:23h:03m:38s
Pinkamena's winning by 3. Come on Pinkie.
lol
They are pretty awesome ideas tho... So it's quite shame. :/
pinamena could never beat pinkie
pinkie is the superior personality
Pinkamena's flogging Pinkie by 4. :V
5 now.
Make that 6.
what have i done.... party of one...
im gonna go hunt me some pie
i would love to spam some more lyrics, but i think i would get to visit the moon...
again
Yes, spamming will get you kicked.
which is why im not doing it....
So. Balloons. As a bunch of balloons, do you have a fear of pins and sharp objects?
he has a fear of gilda
If you want to know, my name is based off, Pinkie's cutie mark. Not the actual Balloons.
I guessed that. I just felt like being a punny kind of guy.
;D
No worries.
i wonder who else is listening to sketchy besides me
Pokey Pierce used to do more than pop balloons, but after a stink in prison and becoming a Registered Sex Offender, he found it to be much more legal.
stint*
damn these ponies are really intrusive :P
Both Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann movies will be streamed at the time of the robot night saturday show.
on the 17th
what are you talking about, Nightmare?....
Not going to ask.
Anyway, I go.
bye
Like if I needed any incentive to come on the 17th
Now this
Thanks Dermathil
Balloons
lol
Yes?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jHFaOBgXBU <- What's your reaction to this?
haha
That's not funny. That's cruel.
Hmmm.
It's funny, in a cruel way, to me
I mean, WTF
Balloon phobia?
About to have another shot at Art Of The Dress
Then again I have a cockroach phobia
and I know how it feels like when people laugh at me for this
>>
People have phobias of everything.
i'm afraid of phobias D:
http://www.ustream.tv/channel/songcasts cmon people... dont let him just play for 2 people
well, i should learn for tomorrow...
2k dollars on that rainbow dash costume
It went up?
ohwow
Yup
season 2.. i figured out what the blue glow is (and i saw someone else mention it too but i didn't know what they meant until i was searching for something related to yet-to-be-said discovery and found out what they meant)
Someone's going to be making a ton of money
Slightly too furry to my taste
To bad its one of a kind, would be nice to have one
Lol
Cherenkov radiation (also spelled Cerenkov or Čerenkov) is electromagnetic radiation emitted when a charged particle (such as an electron) passes through a dielectric medium at a speed greater than the phase velocity of light in that medium. The charged particles polarize the molecules of that medium, which then turn back rapidly to their ground state
emitting radiation in the process. The characteristic blue glow of nuclear reactors is due to Cherenkov radiation.
O_O
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f2/Advanced_Test_Reactor.jpg
Haha, Funny thing is I have read about Cherenkov radiation before.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgNwtepP-6M
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/newsfeed/000/165/535/40435%20-%20Sweetie_Belle%20meme%20soon.jpg
Sometimes I wonder if it's just not best to lock them in a room full of whatever they're afraid of though.
I know, that's just mean.
Sketchy_Sounds, video went derp
Well, I figure they will get over it.
I'm afraid of ponies
My greatest fear
Ponies can be very scary.
My therapist reccomended watching Friendship is Magic to help alleviate this, by showing ponies in a non-threatening light
causing eternal night and all that
Then I read some of the fanfiction, and the pony fear returned even stronger =(
Perhaps there are better methods, but I figure eventually, if exposed to it, you'll just stop being scared, because you can't be afraid in the long run...
That may be true, but sometimes the shock of exposure to said object may be dangerous.
gosh.. those mako reactors' green glow is much more awesome now
My only fear is being suddenly plunged under water, but that's not really a phobia.
Some fears are good
I'm afraid of spiders, and of course there's no reason NOT to be afraid of spiders.
I need to play some FF8 later...
I wouldn't want to condition myself to like and enjoy spiders
I have a bit of fear for spiders as well
Not as bad as cockroaches though
long story
Of course. they can be dangerous but you don't need a phobia of spiders to know not to touch them.
Those are gross too
I'm not afraid of spiders if I know they are harmless.
The large ones
When they have their egg sacs
lol sketchy
And they hatch
I hate daddy longlegs, and I know those are harmless
But so creepy
and the baby spiders everywhere
Creepy and dangerous
i can't remember if those were in 8.. but i know they were at least in 7
I hate bugs. I don't fear them.
get an electric fly swatter, a friend of mine had hours of fun with that
They're just disgusting.
My home is full of spiders apparently
Kill all bugs
he ran around the place and made it absolutely spider-free
But most are the small and tiny harmless variety
Still does bother me though
i need to get over 1000 jumps on the jump rope minigame on FF9
If i see a spider, i put it on a piece of paper and carry it outside. Easy. No harm done to either of us.
The only ones that don't bother me, pill bugs, lady bugs, grasshoppers
My ceiling was once filled with baby spiders, stuff
Tiny ones
I use duct tape.
to be honest
Spent a whole day using a cloth and wiping them off
Killing them
wait
But argh
bug sticks to tape
what are you talking about?
/me plunges back in Space Marine multiplayer
killing them?
Fireant
Kill spiders with socks, pieces of paper, cologne + lighter, shampoo, anything that can be used against them quickly and efficiently
I've just noticed your cupcake song.
i try to rescue them if i can
Don't do that again.
uhm.. what?
you listened to it?
Back in my old apartment I once encountered a centipede
He does it all the time.
My old apartment had all kinds of bugs D:
D_D
I've seen you spamming lines of it here.
unless they are huge idiots
DIE!
how did you like it?
oh
that
yeah, i already forgot about that
or it's very late in the evening
Silverfish, roaches, spiders, flying things.
I killed thousands of ants using a lint roller
Ants aren't that bad
I kill them but if one touches me it doesn't really freak me out
they were when I was killing thousands of them
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yf6_qDoCUu0 <---
argh.. i'm just too tired to jump into earthbound.. i guess that's tomrrow
It's fun following ants around the house as they walk their paths from nest to food
/me such a nerd
I saw that video a while ago
Ants?
Disgusted the Celestia out of me
I found a spider like that in my hause recently, no egg sack though
I like ants.
mako reactors were only in 7
i put a wet towel on an ant street by accident
Fireants?
but I just played through that a couple of months ago, lolz
the place was swarming with ants shortly afterwards because they didn't find the way anymore
There's an ant nest in my home
In the kitchen
it was kind of funny
I found the spider while pouring a bucket of water into my toilet, the spider fell into the toilet while I was pouring
Leave any food or anything sweet in the kitchen
5 minutes later
ants everywhere
SPIDERSESSSSS.
Was playing hide and seek at a family picnic when I was like 6, hid up against a rotten tree, got ants all over me and had to run around taking off my clothes in front of everyone, not fun times
The biting kind of ants
I gave up trying to manage them and just put food in my fridge whenever possible
Cereals are especially vulnerable
I discovered the exact point at which I will fearfully kill a spider then, if the spider is as large as my hand and in my toilet I will kill it and not feel bad
Pouring cereal and seeing ants flee the bowl makes me a sad pony.
=(
Sometimes I go into the kitchen
Make some instant ramen
I still havent gotten that far in 7
Then later
Anyway, AFK again for a little bit
I find dead ants in it
:/
Ants really like nuts too, like roasted peanuts, no idea why
protein they use to make more ants
ants are like a RTS game, the rescources are water, protein, and sugar
What really makes me rage is when you have a drink and ants crawl into it
How do they get it out of the peanuts though, not like there are any little bits, they'll swarm a whole peanut
Can they cut into it?
Lysiria › What really makes me rage is when you have a drink and ants crawl into it <- Tell it to me
gala <3
Also, when they swarn your half-eaten food
I've drunk a few ants because of that
I use to get carpenter ants in my sodas
they taste like... ew.
Sketchy_Sounds this song makes me so happy
Yeah
We should send Derpy to fix the problem.
Like I said
Well, MeteorVenture has enlightened us with SCIENCE
There's a nest in the kitchen
In the wall
So now we know Celestia keeps a nuclear reactor in the palace
The queen is probably in there
put mineral oil along the wall, they can't get across it easily
Which in turn shows what powers the MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA Cannon
hmmm.
I'm thinking of sealing up the holes where the nest is with something
Like plaster
It's a tiled wall though
...Hm... Derpy ant exterminator. Knowing her, she'd use mousetraps...
lol
caulk the wall, put baby oil or WD40 (or another mineral oil containing thing) along the wide of the caulk
and the house would be cockroach-free after that :D
Orkin
Derpin
You think if I spray some WD-40 into the holes
What could happen?
The universe might implode. Nothing serious.
if the mineral oil gets dirty or dusty enough they can get through it
or if the oil absorbs into whatever it's on
Hmmm.
I think I will have to talk to my dad about it
Probably tell him to buy some plaster or sealant or something
the baseboard will probably stop you from getting a good shot at the actual hole though
sup ponies?
also, that "Giant Mother Garage Spider" video is horrifying
hello?
seems likely
hey mexican
Yeah
hi bicyclerepairman
what are we talking about?
bugs, spiders, ants
The occasional pony.
i like spiders
occasionally.
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yf6_qDoCUu0
Twilight told me this video is about Giant Mother Garage Spider
hayfever, arent you octavia?
yes
hi
howdy
not bad
im at school
Sounds legit Rodman
going to try some robots
i know
Night going to bed
night
well, day here
same here
On another note, the RD costume is bidding at 2.5K right now
does any of you know how to program in c++?
That guy's getting a nice payday
<
ew, oop
no, but I can learn!
I know how to break programs in C++
That's easy Leonon
just.type.anything.
^^
<<^^>>
I also have a theorteical degree in physics
anyways, mexican, what did you need?
nothing yet, first have to program the remote
that's some expensive yiffing right there
the problem will come in the autonomous part
when i get there i´ll tell you
i had a second degree burn once
If you have a theoretical degree in physics, we should get some magnets around Einstein.
how do magnets work?!?!?
friendship
is it because of the great and powerfull twixie?
no
Magneta, our lesser sister, ensures that magnets work
her wings are stubby and her horn magic is weak, when compared to us pure alicorns
Trixie has no interest in magnets
lol
brb, gotta finish the program
call me if something interesting happens
!s2
Season 2 begins in 8d:22h:13m:23s
Season 2 episode leaks early
Contains Luna
^ typical furry mindset
who is this Luna character?
Is she the one with the wings?
a diamond dog
/me knows too much about s2 already. sigh.
Holy shiet, that thing is going up like rocket...
seems like we have 20 lunas here in the chat...
!s2
Season 2 begins in 8d:22h:10m:40s
luna in socks, luna on the moon, luna, nighmare moon....
there's going to be ponies in s2?
Nah, only horses.
Already at 3000
s2 is all humans
I was hoping for an all sea serpent episode
i think i will rename myself into luna in sugarcube corner
i thought s2 is only sea ponies
hell, i'd still watch it
bad troll is bad
what's typical furry mindset?
so anyways
All Zebra spinoff, Zecora Show
im driving home now
shoo be doo
see you there
bye
shoob shoob be doo
what I have I stumbled into... not that sea pony nonsense again?
nonsense? :O
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4TedkQP_hM
Twilight told me this video is about Call Upon The Sea Ponies
"Call in the weather patrol"
IDK
!link equestria girls
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/27809
exactly what you said
lol, neigha be trollan
Expensive yiffin? Is that the mindset you mean?
ya
or well, at least I hope you're trolling
nah not all furries are like that.. just typically lol
lol, oh wow.
you do know what yiffing even is right robot?
at the gala o/~
Yes, otherwise the joke wouldn't really work.
at the bed
Shotguns are wonderful for blowing faces off in Borderlands
3.5K now
unless you thought it meant something else that would work
lol, it's going up quickly
i leave for 3 min and the chat dies
At the gala, with princess, is where i'm going to be.
see what you did? i sure hope you're happy
3.5k now?
We will talk all about magic, and what i've learned and seen.
/me wants to go to the gala...but Celestia said no
It's going to be so special, as she takes time just for me!
And still four days until auction closes
she doesn't want to cover the travel costs
been dreaming, i´ve been waiting, to fly with those great ponies
If you want an argument, MeteorVenture, I'd suggest 4chan.
I bet it will make it to 10k
because it would be an official visit. now imagine what a pegasus limousine must cost
i'm not looking to argue
now imagine it going to the moon!
I reckon that with three and half grand you'd be able to hire someone to make this kind of costume to you.
see? you'd ruin all of equestria!
the wonderbolts, their daring trick, spining round and having kicks
Yeah, but price wars don't always make sense.
No they dont
or bidding wars, rather
perform for crowds of thousands, thell shower us with diamonds
/me is sad..."But..but...I can fly in from the moon! I don't even need any guards!"
what do you even mean? why do you think i'm trolling?
I remember reading once about human mindset in these kinds of cases..
Same thing with the Flutterplush... I mean it was pretty cool, but $600?
Happy National Date Nut Bread Day, everypony.
imagine the shame you'd bring upon equestria turning up with no escort
At certain point you get affixed of winning the other side no matter the cost even through the price would no more make any sense...
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/6345
.
Twilight told me this picture is about luna sad meme artist:dalapony party (and 3 more)
heyo everyone
ebay would be so much better if people just put what they thought things were worth and then left it alone :P
*shrug* I can disuise myself well enoguh
I think it's the same as when you start certain project and at some point hit problems, but still are determined to finish it thinking you can't turn back anymore because of the time and money you've already wasted
'sup Synros
enough
hey RP
how are you doing?
Even through it would be more cheaper and sensible to stop instead of continuing...
much better, thanks. How u?
why do you think i'm trolling robotpinkie?
/me wants to see all the pretty dresses and all the pretty ponies..
then imagine paparazzi finding out you where at the gala but didn't show yourself! oh the scandal!
Everypony is concerned of you RobotPinkie
*shrugs* not my fault!
Eh? I just thought "typical furry mindset" didn't seem like it was intended as a compliment :P
Oh hey
would they care? they'd only construct a drama about you and your sister
It's so nice...
not bad not bad.
and most of the people didn't forget that nightmare moon incident
Hey.
Can we switch over now?
If you want
back is a little screw up tho, got a pinched nerve
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
ouch, that's not fun :(
Gunna switch over the IRC now.
Again.
:P
No hug?
lol to where?
/me wraps her front hooves around Balloons in a tight embrace
hm, i derp.
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
New network.
/me wraps her front hooves around LunaOnTheMoon in a tight embrace
Thinking of adding a VPS to our list of servers. Hell, at those prices, might as well get all of them as VPS.
:P
lol ok
I got nerve pinched in my right but-leg once... It was really nasty
!plot
XD
yah, it feels like theres ice on it actually, I can't feel it
*wigglewiggle*
what's the new server address?
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
as we feed Darpy more muffins the plot thickens
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps LunaOnTheMoon
yes
does irc.bronyserv.co.cc still work, or?
That's what we're currently on WhatPayne.
So that's a no then?
New network address will be in the topic when I've switched them over.
!muffinkiss
/me regurgitates a whole, fresh looking muffin and approaches mexican, showing her most adorable kissing face
well no i actually really hate jokes like that.. i was just kinda saying that to see what would happen next.. i don't got anything against you or furries
WhatPayne: I can keep it up if anyone wants it to stay up.
>///<
!clop
/me clops her forehooves together excitedly
..what?
Nah, it's better that there is only one place.
!flip
/me flips a muffin
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, correct side up
I'm guessing the Dash suit will go for around $5k
Good, makes thing simpler.
Indeed
Yes.
!seen mexican
mexican: Silly filly, your eyes are all derpy. mexican is in the channel.
/me stops playing Dead Island
My body is ready
6_9
ohh yeah there he is
thx derpy
!seen DerpyBot
Look into my eyes.. 6_9
/me puts her front hooves on Leika's shoulders.
............... 9_6
and okay MeteorVenture, no hard feelings
Oh, hey Rainbow_Dash, how's the Dead Island? Any good?
Derp derp!
The cutscenes do suck, but the combat is great
oh you went and got it, Rainbow_Dash?
Its challenging
!link cmc
Yeah, I did
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/22898?search=Sweetie_Belle
lol good then:D
cool. coop looks really sweet
!link Celestia
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/26866?search=Maid%20celestia
Havent tried Co-Op yet, I think I wanna beat it first
Plus, I dont wanna mess anyone up
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxoGmVjAsmE&feature=related
Lol
Twilight told me this video is about MLP - Fluttershys 20% cooler version - Fireflies Parody
>fireflies
cant watch youtube
>no
Im playing as the chinese woman, she is the sharp weapons expert
i'll have to wait a while with getting it...
dotn punish me with youtube links
But I'm supposed to!
Maybe we can Co Op when you do
=P
T'is what evil ponies do!
what did i do to you to desserve it?
As I said, t'is what evil ponies do! MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
I find myself scouring every inch of the land, I dont want to be suprised by a zombie
you´ll ve sent to the moon if you keep like that
Nice! I heard it's pretty awesome this time of the year!
probably not, I do most of my coop play on PS3 :(
Verrrry short stop but
Ah, I see
Buuuuuuuuut?
My new random quote speaks the truth: "True bronies should love and tolerate everyone, whatever happens"
PC isn't good enough for something like dead island, I don't think
no butts :-|
Excuse me for pressing the enter button a little too early there
bronies b4 honies
Then how do you poop Mr. Repairman?
no plots?
Right then
out of my eyes, ifc
*ofc
Eeeeewwwww!
Hmm, I am getting a suprising amount of FPS, and im not even playing in full screen (which cripples my graphics card)
!link Celestia
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/30246
i can honestly say that everything looks like poop sometimes
If everything goes as it should, we won't have to switch again.
Sounds good
Celestia would never mark that as spam!
!mail cratte muffins derpy
Sorry, I only carry mail for identified ponies.
its for you
I am thinking of getting the game... But should I get it for PC or PS3? I am thinking of PC.
!mail derpy muffins
Sorry, I only carry mail for identified ponies.
!mail derpybot muffins
Sorry, I only carry mail for identified ponies.
¬¬
You know, you can try registering?
!flip
!flip
/me flips a muffin
/me flips a muffin
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, correct side up
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, upside down
im sending her the muffins
lol she's juggling
Not yet, no.
10ohai
!muffin
!muffin
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
/me plugs her ears with some muffins
yes
Thank you!!
Thank you!!
/me glomps mexican
/me glomps mexican
Hey.
Whats your PC like?
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
!plot
/me 's eyes begin to glow in a strange light..
Derpy spam will kill.
srry derpy
10oh dari hai
10and no, but I'll guess sciences and maths just because
XD
Eeyup, all the sciences and maths.
10hahaha
>Electronics teacher gives us the specification for the wrong exam board
10the rest are all weak as shit ;)
>Get B anyway
10Lol.
10XD
Like a baws.
When the change happens
10liek a baws.
WhatPayne: When I've switched them over yeah.
Thank you.
!brushie
10why we changing dari?
10just out of interest
Because commercial servers > home run servers
:P
To put it simply.
10fair.
Oh, Rainbro.
If you have something that fires a projectile.
10hm?
3.6k on that mascot suit now
And you're trying to hit something 2.5m away, how would you work out the angle needed to hit an alien?
lol
You get one test shot.
btw
when does the stream begin today?
:P
Someone could probably make a better one for that price
Because we worked out the angle with insane maths that makes no sense and it worked - we raped maths and made it our bitch.
10well, hold on
10trying to hit something 2m away, what are you saying about aliens? O.o
The thing you're trying to hit.
It's an alien.
Because you don't like aliens.
They're different.
10Right.
So you want to kill them.
10So it's 2.5m away?
Eeyup.
/me is sad because of people ignoring him
10and you're firing a projectile
Zephirdd: 5pm EST
10>run at it and beat the shit out of it ;)
10but yeah, hold on
RainBroDash, dead island has taught me thats it better to use sharp objects
Not projectiles
Other than aliens, the other example was they're Germans.
And we're in 1940.
10Lol.
10Or, germans, just for the sake of it
got banished to the lack of internet
/me 10is a cunt
So.
How would you do it?
/me de-lurks, scrolls up
I'd assume that the way we did it was wrong, even though it worked. XD
is every1 asleep or something?
so i am going to buy the 20% cooler shirt at hot topic
there is an email in by inbox
Hey guys
it better be diablo 3 beta
did i miss a call from princess celestia to a meeting?
wait, when is the irc switch happening? today?
fuck, its just some math exercises
but i dont know what i can wear to distance myself from the people who go there
halp?
and lulz. dat maths raep
absolutely nothing
/me 10is thinking
10Assuming it's a suvat question?
!s2
Season 2 begins in 8d:21h:26m:21s
suvat?
Well.
Theres an IRC deity today?
i also dont want to be arrested
Your friends are all lying to you and avoiding you because they don't like your parties and don't want to be your friends anymore!
You can't really use suvat with what you start with.
also that is the sort of thing a hipster would... "wear"
10although, I guess you don't know the speed of the projectile yeah
fine, be picky :P
*switch
DecapMobile: lolwut?
You just have the distance, and acceleration.
10hm
wear a suit
DecapMobile: how do those word even...
stay classy
tuxedo, etc
wear two suits!
*words
(Acceleration because gravity, derp)
two suits is ironic
10yeah ofc
three?
screw it, ill just go in my standard t-shirt and shorts
and you have the force, since you can fire a test shot....
MAINSTREAM
when does it start to be ridiculous again?
Because of autocorrect
Yeah, you got a test shot.
10something stupid like shoot straight up, and then time it to gauge the initial velocity?
five? ten?
Why do you need to distance yourself anyway?
10well yeah ignoring wind resistance time the amount of time to hit the ground, and stuff
it is ridiculous past 1
Sounds like a hipster move.
>we decided we should have shot straight up after already doing the test shot at 45 degrees - it worked anyway XP
because i do not want to be seen as a hot topicite
lol
10XD
hm
awesome
Oh no, someone saw me enter Hot Topic D:~~
The shame!
t-shirt and shorts
doesn't everyone who goes to hot topic not want to look like he's going to hot topic?
not a skinny t-shirt
Morning guys
just a regular t-shirt
so they buy clothes at hot topic to look like they're not going to hot topic
… aaand now i'm confused
I WILL BE THE ULTIMATE CONFORMIST
No, I will!
Oh, and we didn't use suvat anyway and it still worked.
Morning
whatever...
i conform with it
i have a brony shirt, but thats there to signal my intent
What are you guys talking about?
morning AllisZero
fancy mathematics.
9guys hey guys
9http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmFEXNpmCLA&t=01m06s
Well, actually suvat was used earlier to get an equation for the flight time of the projectile.
9NewDCDsbananimation.jpg
I'm at home today, called in sick to work :\
9*avi
<bicyclerepairman> absolutely nothing
I don't know if I'd wear a pony shirt.
classy, but likely to cause lawsuits
ohay NewDCD
well, you gotta be quick
10lol, yeah I assume you don't need suvat
10um
10just trying to think >.>
10decapking just some random question on one of his exams, he wants me to answer it
10but I haven't had to /think/ in over 3 months soo
10ikr
im reading the cracked article about creepy ancient robuts
you wouldn't want to spend much time at hot topic, would you?
Wasn't on an exam, we just spent a lesson trying to kill aliens.
you have to play Yakety Sax the entire time while being chased by cops and beautiful women
10oh win
run in, grab the shirt, leave the money, run out
10or, germans
10either way
know what?
t-shirt.
shorts.
That's what I usually wear!
nonono, not play
sing it
loud and proud
so how much doctor who has been streamed?
i fear it's gonna take me ages to catch up...
we don't normally wear clothes, yknow
oh jesus
laffing sal
it is not laughing
it is weeping
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcEyYFS8hNQ&feature=player_embedded
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Simon Meets Laughing Sal
i am sorry
Lol
Stop with the shakin', it's time to get bakin'!
Ah yes.. Applejack
/me woke up(actually 3 hours ago)
howdy there
Hey
!!
@pony The one who woke up Applejack
=3
:(
nah
What we did was time the air time and measure the distance the projectile went at 45 degrees. suvat for an equation to calculate the flight time (it also tells us that s along the x-axis is equal to flight time times v).
don't you use ur fancy mathematics on me
!link
https://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1WerAU6d3WVf7Q0tvDXPLjANuPQHJUCltwDVrKYoikxY - The_Journal_of_a_God_Slayer.odt
>=c
XD
hm, nah
!link
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/2955
Rainbow, sugar, he needs to take care of his BEYOOTIFUL moustacaaache, dontcha think?
howdy there Luna
:,C
07howdy Applejack!
=3
Hi Luna
the chat feels slow today....
i think it died
So then we worked out what the horizontal velocity had was because we now had the flight time and d.
dari, sugarcube, what in hay are yall talkin bout?
Because we fired the projectile at 45 degrees the vertical velocity had to be the same anyway, cos45 and sin45 are 0.7
Probably due to the time of day....well anyhow, how're you today Mexi?
So they were 70% of the resultant velocity.
/me is confused
So /70 * 100 of course, and now we had the v.
erm...wut
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/52399
So we could put the intial velocity into the equation that calculates the flight time.
Twilight told me this picture is about artist:iggich party blank_flank gummy highres (and 1 more)
/me has no idea what's going on
ohay Luna
that looks creepy D:
neither do i Luna...
MFW RainBro wasn't watching >_>
I am absolutely loving this song
=3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bn7uMwXYU9U&feature=related
ill be right bak
/me started reading "On a Cross and Arrow part 10" =3
I already read it
I am sad it will be ending soon
My life wont be the same without it
XD
Anyway we used suvat to work out the flight time the projectile would need for a displacement of 2.5m by trial and error.
/me reads the chat, but is still confused
Then worked out the angle that would be needed to hit the alien with this time in the flight time equation.
Except...
07What in the hay is going on in here?
The angle we got we -23.something.
Which was...
O_o
So we fired it at 23. whatever it was, and it went way too far.
So for some reason.
Something about aliens and projectiles Luna
One of us decided to add 90 to it.
07ahhh...
To get 67. something.
07RobotPinkie how you feel?
We fired it at that angle.
And it hit the alien.
O_o
ah think dari is trying to mind rape you guys, but gladly i am not here so...
Fancy Mathematics
Is it odd that I remember similar calculations from my physics classes?
Why would it be?
much better, Luna, thanks
Oh Luna's here?
how are you, Luna?
pinkie always looks creepy
Cause I don't remember much else from my physics classes lul
07Yep, i'm here
New post on Equestria Daily by Cereal Velocity: Story: Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie Are Dead (http://tinyurl.com/3nbzz4u)
....
D:?
/facehoof
saywha
Funny how I have both of the nicknames registered.. So I guess im dead twice?
That theme is getting old isn't it?
heh
will not read :(
Yeah, Seth must have something against them
He loves posting those stories
can't be bothered to read… gotta do like twilight does
I should of known
Cereal Velocity posted it
So what's today's schedule?
magic
well, that would be much more useful..
nah, study
:<
Dash and Pinkie are dead? Do not want!
feels like magic though oO
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-52nqwTuY2oI/TmgG4gdfOTI/AAAAAAAALuM/-ZNsfK2t5ZY/s1600/pinkamena___catharsis_by_crookedtrees-d493wa5.png
Wow, this, so much this
That is quite the image AllisZero
A true artist right there
Yeah, and that picture reminds me of something..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxDcWvZCSRg&ob=av3e This maybe?
Maybe that
I think I have more mucus in my head than brains right now
Holy shit
Maybe you do
Luckly things in the office seem to be doing OK
Now RD is shipped with Pinkie and death at the same time
Yep
curse those clothes they clothe nothing
Lol MV
Just got an e-mail from some dude at the Florida wildlife trade commission
"COOLER WEATHER IS HERE, WHY NOT GO HUNTING?"
>Cooler weather
>100F outside
Oh Florida
It's probably about...20% cooler than before.
i guess you're not "here" or maybe they sent you that message at midnight
lawl, it's noon in Florida right now :P
Its noon in South Carolina to
also who actually checks their emails?
Hi.
I do lol
It's 12:10 here. :p
Same
true true
Go Eastern Daylight Time zone!
Same Nittany
Damnit, why did I have to come down with a flu?
Would like to work on mah ponymation, but I feel too crappy to do anything productive
you ponies know of the australian nickelodeon competition?
Lol! I'm so silly
Oh what a magical place, and I owe it all to the pegasus race!
I was looking at that Dash suit at ebay and was thinking why exactly is that suit like that of horse...
Then I realized...
wait..."Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie are dead?"...WHAT IN TARNATION???
with fan art like that i could actually fall for pinkamina
"In 25 words or less tell us what imaginative adventure would you like to go on with your MY LITTLE PONY friend?"
i need sleep
howdy there ValtheJean
Have dem crazy parties, Pinkie style!
Wait, Nickelodeon has MLP FIM in Australia?
Realized what, WhatPayne
My 25 words or less - "The mane six and I would head over to the Middle East and instal a regiem of love and tolerance."
2,14 howdy applejack
think I will win?
http://www.nickelodeon.com.au/competitions/mylittlepony/
I realized that in fact ponies are like horses... And I was thinking of how silly Dash is not horse, she's pegasus...
ARGH this thing will never let me log in as meteorventure
youi should start with israel cause there is where all the agression goes out of
they might be looking for something a bit more... whimsical.
=P
07Alright you guys
07I hope you like Weeds
07cause it will be on in a couple mins
=o
The series weeds?
07oui
or the plant?
No, then plant.
:p
07the series dummy
2,14 no House? D:
interesting
Oh how silly.
that is whimsical :3
07House will follow after 2 eps of Weeds
2,14 wewt!
Just switched.
to suddenly instal a regiem like that? totally on a whim.
/me 2,14 needs him some House before he goes to class :P
well, okay, that's true. i suppose that depends on how you're planning to do that exactly.
Eh
Do I want to watch this
Wasn't there supposed to be Entourage?
07entourage was lagging
hmmm
best not to discuss the detail ..... give away the surprise ;)
Oh, ok. That's cool too. Weeds in another show I haven't watched.
Another server change?
especially since it would take more than 25 words, i presume
eeyup
this can't be the right chat
It is.
:)
k
look the point is after all that is done to instal the regiem, afterwards is nothing but love and tolerance
Make up your mind where you want the mane chat to be.
might not be many people left to love and tolerate ... but you get the picture
by law
STFU Nittany. :P
INB4 akick
Weeds? No idea
ugh, sounds like one of those "kill everyone" solutions
:p
nope
more like a Bring Back the Portal to Equestria from the Moon
"they created a desolation and called it peace"
HOOONEEEEEY~
Oh what a magical place
cause i have reconnected here once and i was the only one in the chatroom.. then i rejoined in a new tab and i was in the right place again
And I owe it all to the pegasus race!
i... didn't even know there was a portal to equestria on the moon?
Am I in right place?
Refreshing didnt work.
yeah
hello everypony
Yes.
What's the server name for this?
hello
it's on the moon due to the portal not reacting well with oxygen
whats goin on?
hiya
http://www.nickelodeon.com.au/competitions/mylittlepony/
win ponies
Goooooood morning Equestria Daily! This is DJ Doctor Scraps coming to you LIVE, with a hot dog, and you don't.
This is irc.bronychat.net
i suppose it would be easier to just seal it inside of some sort of vacuum tank
25 words...
how am I supposed to do it in 25 words...
I know
that nickelodian link is golden
AllisZero: Don't do that.
My 25 words or less - "The mane six and I would head over to the Middle East and instal a regiem of love and tolerance."
^lol
Eh?
Do what?
Sing.
Trololo.
they make you sign up to enter
/me sings and explodes
I had to :|
:(
I can't sing?!
wait what. what sever address?
Cows
05there
cows
well, there ARE cows.
Yes, but how
05registered and set up
dari?
They have no hands
Testing to see if enforce is on by default now
...oh, topic is different now duh
orgy?
well... the cows are sentient, apparently
In Boast Busters, we are treated to a scene where Twilight telepathically milks...a whole barn of cows
they might have figured out a way to milk themselves and sell the milk
and in Equestria, you'd be amazed how much you can do with a hoof
Ohai GGgala
or maybe they have milking machines
or maybe unicorns just do it.
ohai dari
does this server have SSL?
Gonna watch Tiger & Bunny, brb
or human slaves that they whip out of the basement at night
SSL, hm.
Don't spy on me.
it's not like they aren't able to do fine detail work. Did Rarity use her hoofs to try and fix Twilights bird nest?
Someone wants to know if you've got SSL up Pontang.
she did, but that didn't seem to work at all.
:P
Rarity fixed Twilight's bird nest?
2,14 oh dari, you troll
she tried
but alas, the nest was beyond salvation.
and thus twilight single hoofedly
disabled an entire section of the Winter Wrap up crew
a severely undermanned section, though
or underponied
Okay, thanks
Thanks for the info. I guess
At least I got to it before E_N this time
Lol
It's Rarity. She can make five dresses single handedly in a single montage
so
birds should make their own dang nests
anypony else think of 25 words or less adventure?
yes, but the mayor said they'd need several hundred nests
Then they were obviously going to need a lot more montages
i cant do 25 words, when I write, i write a lot
Oh I found new song I can't stop listening. "Fluttershy's Lament"
it's simple
think of something, write it down
welcome zanzibar
07streams up
then count the words
then simplify it
05*insert tunign in sound here*
05tuning*
We would go to Salliongrad to fight against Kratos The Gluemaker and his evil Nazi Vampire/werewolf bragade
I still have 8 words to work with
11Dari, did you copy all of the old chat scripts and put them in here?
nazi vampire werewolf zombies
it might win and be aired on Australian tv
ZOMBIE?!!!
We would go to Salliongrad to fight against Kratos The Gluemaker and his evil Nazi Vampire/werewolf brigade and there would be epic explosions and stuff--sone
dari: never mind, it does! port 6697.
er, done
The scripts are on my client, so nothing to change other than in the EQD script.
12Testing color chat.
is that like
12Yep, it's working
It's missing the important "and then Fluttershy told everyone to play nice, and they did."
12KICK ME! DO IT FILLY!
NO i must go to sleep immediately to listen to this song while wide awake
vampires mixed with werewolves, or vampires and werewolves
it needs something
6lawl
I know! Galoshes
Sheep, yes
Hey Pontang?
i've not listened to fluttershy's lament before
You here?
all my senses
Yeah, but I haven't got him on right now.
if Fluttershy told everyone to play nice then we can't have Flutterrage with a flamethrower burning Nazi Vampires and/or Werewolves
You're going to LOVE ME! *burns everything*
xD
nazi vampires or nazi werewolves?
11Awesome.
11And lastly...
11!Nicks
both!
both, possibly at the same time, possibly as the same individuals
MeteorVenture: Me neither, found it today, but it's really good IMO
11!Nick
Silverscreen: Only works in the mod channel. :P
11...
11oh.
!Nick
11that explains it.
!Nicks
Eh?
07!nicks
07works ;)
or just a group of vampire werewolves who by chance are nazis?
they will be hiding in a spot vampires can't reach taking a breather when suddenly "HEY GUESS WHAT! We're werevolves too. HIEL HITLER!"
they are Nazis led by Kratos the Gluemaker
The stream is little small...
would they become regular nazis in the sunlight?
this Doctor Who episode is very... resident evil...
:| ... didn't think about sunlight
i started up the song.. and i decided not to listen to it yet.. a song this good deserves the proper setting
Violent ponies make me sad.
well some of them are Vampires, and some of them are Werewolves, and some of them are vampires AND werewolves, so.....I have no idea
aaaaah, much better
who's violent?
07welcome back AJ
11Which means we need to set up mod channel. The new name for it is... *checks forums* #Luna
Pinkamena I guess?
ty =3
:P
11With #Celestia being the admin channel.
Rarity is violent
so the vampires wouldn't survive the sunlight, it wouldn't affect werewolves though
what i said kinda reminds me of kamina
and flutterrage
i think something crashed, i couldn't enter the chat
but vampire werevolves… hm
-puts head under pillow- ...Tumblr has created an evil thing
Oh better, thank you Luna
07your welcome ;)
and if you're bitten by a nazi vampire werewolf, do you become one yourself?
always with the making Luna lesser than Celestia...
so, THAT'S weed?
or just a regular vampire werewolf
11...
yes
i see
you become a nazi vampire werewolf
05never saw that show
/me 11makes note to edit the rules list to change the appeals room name then.
and the vampires dont burn in sunlight, they just turn into werewolves
but werewolves are only… wolf-y in the night
maybe Nightmare Moon brought about the unending night with the help of Kratos the GlueMaker
hi,guys
and now the mane 6 have to go end it.
but little did they know they'd run into nazi vampire werewolves
howdy there Barry
what is this?
oh by Celestia, this is turning into a pretty awesome story
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes derpy, i do
Thank you!!
/me glomps Sheep
this is turning into a third rate b movie
see, soon we'll make a blockbuster!
oh eff yeah
well ya i kinda wanna go to sleep so i can wake up and listen to that song or something at a proper time
weed apparentely...
also it's about time that i go to sleep anyway
07Sleep well Meteor
wouldn't surprise me, with the quality of movies lately...
That song is awesome.
^ that
night MeteorVenture
movies are getting worse and worse
just make it look pretty, and nothing else will matter.
Piranha 3d.
what are you talking about? i'd so watch this movie
shark night 3d
I'd watch this movie too.
Wait, would hasbro let someone make a pony movie?
goodnight yall:D
well, you could ask them
but… with this script.. i don't think so
night
needs waaaay more explosions!
it could be so cool
Oh the Lament song?
I vote Micheal Bay makes the movie
yes
there'd be lots of vam
yeah, me too 9__6
love his works. So full of culture
and chemistry
Oh god no
I get all of my dating advice from his movies
I hate the world too much already to watch a show like this
05!nicks
Hey
05yup it works
=___=
!link
when in doubt, use chemicals?
works like a charm
i can imagine...
what show?
hey, they never complain
you made me speak again after saying bye D: that's an offense!
lololol, my dog is wagging her tail in her sleep
hey Denied
server switch happened
anyways, back to ponies
who'
Haha
s writing this nazi vampire/werewolf story
Weeds, the one Luna is streaming
i hope no one is.
why have ponies in a stroy with nazis?
u___u
that's an AWFUL idea.
love and tolerance
you can't call them werewolves either
I'd call them wereponies
or wait
07House starts early today :)
and vamponies
time for class. later ponies
nah, were means human
see you
Great!
ciao Xedma
I can watch a few eps, I'm going to work at 4 :(
lol Microcomputer
wow, blew a fuse for the first time in my life
bye Xedma
last class we learned how to save a file
anyway goodnight:D
Night MV
...
wonder if this class we learn how to MAKE a file
I'd rather take half a day off than spend 12 hours at work sick like this
like...
(spoiler I already know it will be)
05win
what kind of file.
word
07Meteor still here? :)
How so RP
>_____>
lol Microcomputer
teaching college students what they leanred in elementry school
me?
learned*
ok bye
ciao
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around Sheep in a tight embrace
d'aww
first class is how to save a file, second class is how to make a fully function AI that interracts with people fluently
just turned on the microwave and the power went in the whole apartment
Pontang...?
of course
And you're still in here?
that shoots lasers out of the dvd drive
lol no, I'm back now
07battery / accu ?
third class is how to destroy said ai, since it will have gone berzerk
oh, right.
because that always happens
anything else would be completely unthinkable.
Oh, sorry
of course
Yes
PM
Use port 6697-6699
they wouldnt teach those two things in the same class
oh, i think they would
Oh RP, I thought it was... I dunno
You got so ticked off at something :P
it's not any kind of catastrophe... just... never happened to me before
if only to make the point clear that you're wasting your time
I read too much into it!
You blew fuse?
lol took me a while to figure out how the fuse box works :P
but now i'm back, and i can watch... whatever this is
You think Luna knows this guy? http://www.mtgotraders.com/store/media/products/bok/Patron_of_the_Moon.jpg
Was it those old fashioned replaceable fuses or those switch fuses?
was that kevin nealon?
ohai Dashite
ohai Dashite
(crap, double post)
switch fuses, thankfully
of course Luna knows him, Leonon
Beardickpunch
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Comic: Cutie Mark Crusaders (http://tinyurl.com/3wmsasg)
Lucky you
she might have had tea with him, once or twice
Again?
Hello
Damn, Dari...can't hold a server together eh?
inorite? had it been replacable fuses i'd have been gone until tomorrow
Hello
Something tripped a breaker this morning.
Read the topic.
ah, as in power?
Yeah
Knocked out the router.
Just got pSX working again, yay!
sucks. i wondered what happened
6Which topic? o:
it's not like you to blink first :P
Hey Dashite
:p
Hoo. (Channel stats page updated! View at: http://kamek.piiym-net.com/chromadancer )
Couldn't exactly do anything until I got up. :p
Who?
Chat topic
heheh
leaving me a whole hour and a half to conquer :P
6but I already put irc.bronychat.net in mIRC and it took me here XD
ircs://irc.bronychat.net:6697/SilverShipper
oho.
^ ps, we're here now
Yup
I want to play a racing game for some reason.
Any suggestions for PC that isn't NFS?
6inb4 hallo to Dashite~
Arcade or simulation?
There's been two hellos already :p
6But none from meee~ ;3
:p
6How are you?
lol I was just about to ask that
I don't know the difference so whatever works
Dirt 3?
I'll look into it
Almost 37 million. Yay.
Codemasters has put out a number of racing games that you might want to look into.
05dat kid
07dat mum
Better now that my leg has calmed down.
holy crap
37 mil wat
so many views
3 mil?
6>: What is wrong with your leg?
http://i.imgur.com/Y0JRF.jpg
Grand Prix Legends if you like realism, I guess.
arcade... dunno
16575hits/70minutes last time i checked
It cramped up on me after I woke up this morning.
6D: Poor Dashie!
Oh, I see...
this is what I get for not sleeping.
I read numbers wrong. Zzzzz.
lol though that's not very high end nowadays... i'm not up to date with PC gaming :P
Well have silvershipper ad such already transitioned dare?
Yes
Dari*
Im bad at reading numbers anyways
Changing over
Wait. . .which IRC network are we using now?
which IRC network is this?
lol oh, so this was Weeds
07*nods*
It's a pain cause it really hurts when it happens. Thankfully it doesn't happen more than once every few months.
6Hallo DeniedExistence~
that was kinda messed up :P
/me hugs Dashite~ v.v
6Do hope it heals up. . .
What?
Alliszero, what kind of racing do you prefer?
:O is this the new Thundercats?
is
this?
2,14 the hell? that is not the thundercats I know!
Yes
>Topic
It's going to go even quicker when Season 2 comes.
I watched the trailer for this, looks pretty sweet
Hold on, let me change this username
inb4 Someone
i estimated that it will hit 40 million around the 17th
/me pokes channel for IRC server info
and it seems like just yesterday that we hit 30 million...
snarf!
oh god the 17th
well...at least this snarf isn't as annoying...
i hope this season is as good, or better than the first
excellent
The address is in the topic.
That's why I told you to read it.
(i just hope it stays good)
Oh.
Wait.
well, why shouldn't it be?
This is epic-chat.
everything's mostly the same
You're WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY behind.
Yeeees
We already switched to a different network ages ago.
yeah...
i just..
the production process, i mean
And just switched again today.
don't worry :-)
!S2
Season 2 begins in 8d:19h:46m:30s
I lost the info when I changed computers.
Ahhh
And the current mibbit thing on the website doesn't have the info.
*poke poke poke*
technology is 99% magnets.
well the first 2 episodes of season 2 would be the same quality at least as season 1 cause those episodes were supposed to be in season 1
wait... what's the point of Thundercats if it isn't all EIGHTIES
dat anime influence
My IRC client isn't showing irc.bronychat.net as viable
I tried connecting to <rainbowdash.bronychat.net>, but that didn't work.
so the 3rd episode is the real 1st of season 2 without Faustian oversight
what do you mean "without fautian oversight"?
she agreed to be a consultant executer or something
so does this have a proper story arc and everything?
or did i get that wrong?
She's still there for season 2.
Just in a different position
"awesome" power
That sounded lame
executer? :D
You have to connect to irc.bronychat.net
Ah, huzzah, that worked.
Lauren Faust - Executioner
...I don't see this happening.
oh wait, this is a sequel in continuity?
fire the Laurenfaust!
god I hope not
07not sure this is the first ep I could find
That reminded me, we should totally watch Game of Thrones
Good day!
6Same thing here, it redirects to here. . .
yes bicyclerepairman, executer :[
hello
6 >~< Oh dear, but I do not want to stress Dari anymore. . .
"our ancestors, the Tundercats" "first defeated Mumm-Ra"
sounds like a distant-future sequel
well I think even in the original it was like that
Ahhhhh, much better
I'm connected to it.
Through mIRC.
oh
that councilor guy
Same here
lolol
is the voice of Dooku in the hand-drawn clone wars
Snarf!
07poor Snarf
6I am using mIRC and I input irc.bronychat.net into my server and it just brings me here. .
So how has this day been for you?
Got it to work
snarfabuse
6How? o:
IT brings you here...?
!link cake
O_o
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/42243
If we'll be live streaming at 8 PM, couldwe watch Nicktoonsthen?
Nope
6eeyup~
Not for me
Ok, nto what I expected to get from "cake"...
dat fang.
Bye, good luck VV
6What did you do?
6D:
!link happy
xDD
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/22831
lol Thundercats
Just had to try it a few times
dawwww
NO PANTHRO?
SCREW THAT
You bet, Sheep
oh wow, that actually is a fang, lol
SAMOPHLANGE!
d'awwwww
:'(
Why won't my shit work
ugh
!link sweaters
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/54441?
of course the new series gets rid of my favorite character >:(
Cheetara?
*died off screen
kind of tragic, actually.
This internet adapter just keeps cutting out.
ah mah ghad
BRB while I try and fix it
!link twilight
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/23828
Mean..
lol
lololol
xD
!link Rainbow Dash
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/39766
/me waits for the magic-induced timeskip
true dat, cats are evil
/me loves cats
07Yay~
Live stream starts at 4 PM, right?
/me prefers dogs *hugs Winona*
they're abusing the poor lizards :(
That's how it works!
07correct
Yess
yuss
until when?
!link Celestia
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/23141
stupid ass new series.....getting rid of the best thundercat...
/me hugs ValtheJean
Why won't 'CubeJackal' work as a username?
07I can't help it dear
/me cries on Luna's shoulders
lol my mom's cat eats the tail off lizards sometimes and then lets them go
I can't stop staring at that fang.
07I'm not sure Barry
Maybe I already have a mibbit account, whatever
07our streamer decides
it's like a renewable food source
DAWWW
omg
so
14Colours are for hipsters
celestia is 1000+ yo ?
Hipster mods?
lawl
I just love all the comics..
xD
But Hipster isn't here. :p
so only for hipster_brony, then?
Anyways guys, with that, im off
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around Sheep in a tight embrace
O.O
night Sheep
or, bye
whatever applies .D
:D
The Hunchback of Thundara?
Work time, I'll be back tomorrow morning, or tonight
Celestia's probably several thousand years old at this stage.
bye everypony
he so fail
Norwegian forest cats > thundercats
Don't worry, once they've had a timeskip, Liono will get his own badass moments.
6Alright, got it working, and re-registered. Just waiting on Dari to restore Hop or whatever~ but take your time! :3
celestia is 6000 years old... cause thats when the earth was made
holy fuck
6I am sure that will come later anyhow seeing as we are figuring the whole junk out
om nom nom nom
NOMNOMNOM
i am sure there are predecessors to her
haha
07*hugs Violet*
6SO MUCH MONEY!
aged...?
meanwhile, racism
These new Wiley twins are awesome.
I have no trouble with Celestia being literally as old as the hills. I don't think she had any predecessors.
This is why Norwegian forest cats are superior, btw: http://www.findakitten.co.uk/images/nfcuni.jpg
6*hugs Luna* ^.^
so adorable :O
Yay.
aren't they, like, famous royalty?
how are mobs that stupid?
She's his bodyguard
Who is /supposed/ to stay in the shadows.
07My cat is superior!
what kind of cat do you have, Luna?
Panthro could beat the snot out of any of these idiots.... >:(
wow...
07Although ... a norwegian wedgy is on our wishlist
07I have a Nebelung
07and a Russian Blue
/me is rewatching Best Night Ever
07I believe I posted some pictures before
what's a wedgy?
Lion-o believes in the power of Friendship.
07it's the nickname for Norwegian forest cats
Liono is a brony
ahhh
xD
/me is rewatching The Sonic Rainbow
/me is now resisting urge to destroy his computer, Blueblood you jerk
suicide
I dunno, we had one when I was growing up, and my mom has two now on the farm... I just love norwegian forest cats
huh
Too bad they're kinda expensive.
now I want a pet snarf
So what happened to the live action Thundercats movie?
lawl! It's a Trojan Lizard!
6Russian Blue kittyyyy <3
Liono sees SCIENCE!
LOTR reference in Dead Island
WOND
I have to go get this necklace, and the quest name is "My Precious..."
Russian blue is nice, too
6Dat alarm~
07you never heard of the Nebelung?
07oh my...
Hey! You made it VV!
6Rainbow_Dash: I am about to play it!!
me?
*sigh*
=P
that's betteter
:(
6Yes Dashite~ For some reason Iw as being redirected so I had to totally wipe my mIRC client of it's entries x.x
He needs his fancy sword of omens.
is it just me, or is this chat a ghost town.
:/
Hey Octavia, you need more cowbell!
6Oh yes Luna, I have heard of Nebelungs~
Lawl
MFW no one EVER reads the topic
Run, Kit and Kat!
welp most ponies are doing stuff, I'm not in school till the end of the month so yeah
oh cool
6So pretty!! <33
that magazine article had a follow up
http://www2.macleans.ca/2011/09/07/ponies-do-sondheim/
07that's my cat his dad
yep
they have a quote from some brony describing why people like the show and it's decent
It's pretty easy to ignore in mibbit.
Well, it's very cute
i like it too
I love cats
my favorite cat in the world got run over :(
>have a giant wall to block attackers
>open the gate and charge
Your cat ever wake you up by laying down on your face?
>profit?
6Several times Espy x.x
05rojan horse
Trojan Rock.
I called it first :P
Dumb rock
I used to wake up with him nuzzling my cheek when he was a kitten.
Yaaay, technology.
10oh, yeah
10ha
Pfft, no references to the Diamond Dogs?
/me waits for Mum-Ra to show up
Third time they used that scene
lol, hurray for cycled animation
Those lizards had long range missiles.
That's totally cheating...
Technological Superiority!
what's diamond dogs referencing anyway?
ICBMs versus arrows? :(
Whaaa
And now mechas?
There we go =w=;
07oh my..
6D'awwwww RobotPinkie~~ (:
Hi guys
Didn't see THAT one comin...
...ohwow
Lol yep
Howdy there Fluttershy
Nah, too slow. Obviously Battletech.
Thundercat King, u mad?
05inb4 cats are fucked
David Bowie.
What in the...? Why are there missiles? o-o
yep
"The plotting on the current cartoon is much better."
^
Fluttershy: I have NO idea
>Thundercats
>mech suits
Even journalists recognize a good plot when they see one.
You mean why aren't there MORE missiles?
Oh dear... e-e;
I'm confused.
/me clings to Applejack
I'm just waiting for some Lizard Carpet Bombing :P
No macross missles.
07god I love Snarf
/me hugs Fluttershy
07he's so cute!
Mech lizards
07I would snugglywuggly him 24/7
05so few cats left
agreed, this version of snarf is the only change I like better :P
I hope snarf doesn't change from this, he's perfect
So is this is what is actually on CN right now...? o-o
07no
6I would snugglywuggly him 48/14
07lol Violet
6Oh something like that~
xD
Fang-Traitor!
Ah, for a moment I was thinking 'is this a TV streaming test?' o-o
TRAITOR
Oh yeah? Well I would snugglywuggly him 60/24
dude, nice mace.
07In a bit Flutter
074 PM Eastern
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-14842999
wat
Ohai Panthro
!link wat
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/38471
YES
6Ooohhhh haaaiiii Maaaaaahhhhk~
VAl, what were u sayin bout him?
07Val = happy now
Val = VERY happy now :P
Haste
Jagga!
wtf
:|
05dem feet
Magic vs Tech
Soo.... 2 PM MST... o-o
...I wanted "wat" not "watching"
O.o
6Ja fluttershy~
I don't understand the recent trend for forced-toothbrushing images on Ponibooru.
This is really quite good
derp
07now it is?
herp
Such as...
Wat
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/55276
/me adds it to her list
6This is really quite delicious~
Didn't he get knocked out
o-o;
Twilight told me this picture is about brushie crying fluttershy toothbrush tears (and 1 more)
Having a flu sucks yo
Go Liono, go!
wrong button oO
There has been a number of them now.
He wasn't knocked out, but somehow he did manage to get there ahead of him anyway. :/
lol
!link derp
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/22420?search=cosplay
Lol yep
I get them only like once a year
But when I do get sick, horseapples go down
What can I say? I don't get what's going on, but go cat people things!
/me agrees with Fluttershy
Yay!
>You came for me
No homo
Mind Control!
lol
His mind is saying yes
Er
Mouth*
<insert big No>
Nooooo! -tears up-
Not Mufasa!
Wrong show, Gala.
Nooooo! /vader
D;
:,C
GGgala: Just what I was thinking >3>;
Lawl
Mum-Ra!
Eddie Riggs is now a cat
Oh no oh no oh no oh no!
-hides behind Applejack, whimpering- ><
05this feels so familliar its uncanny
Hi Fluttershy
Calm down, cugarcube...ah'm sure they'll win this
This is a clusterfuck
Technology, magic, voodoo, zombies
:< I don't like fighting...
05and cupcakes?
We're missing space aliens.
Is pinkie pie server down? I tried to connect through it earlier and it terminated me.
well...didn't see THAt one comin
And see, that's just one more reason I don't drink.
You never know whose apple tree you'll wind up in the next morning.
Yay, key
good job, Androcles
/me is pleased
good old forshadowing
11...what is this?
Thundercats!
11THUNDERCATS
11:D
The new ThunderCats
11Is it good?
6So far yes~
it's....different
Yeah, I like it
Tentacle rape.
I've heard good things, but I just got here 1 minute or so ago
very different from old Thundercats, yeah
6I have see enough hentai to know where this is going. . . x.x
so far the new Snarf is the endearing quality to me
Snake tiem
/me wonders what Cheetara is doing.
Dari, would that be tentacle necrophilia? I mean, he is a mummy so he's undead right?
THUNDERCATS HO!
reverse necrophilia, at that
THUNDER
DAT TITLEDROP
I've been busy taking care of stuff and haven't even really looked at it yet
Lazerbeam
11Just a warning, if anyone is having trouble with the chat, it's because we're also doing tests with a new server. Worst comes to worse, we'll simply switch back to the old one until we get THIS one up and running correctly.
he fired his l@z0r
Sunlight burns!
Ohai there Cheetara
He's a vampire mummy?!
Friends don't let friends drunk fly.
Titties
fly drunk*
I'm not a furry but damn, I'd still hit it
those lizards can't aim for siht
AllisZero: Mum-Ra wants to see their tits
Lizards = stormtroopers confirmed.
oh there they go!
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!
of course, he isn't a main character
so of course they can hit him :P
So I'm now taking accounting
05AllisZero would hit it like the fist of an angry god
Now they just need Panthro, and the Wiley Twins.
^
And it isn't as horrid a thing as I thought.
o-o His arm is glowing...
LOL
If MLP were less kid-oriented, I'd say they should throw a "drunk moose in an apple tree" gag into the show just because that article makes me want to see that in MLP now.
I knew it.
Jaga confirmed for Gandalf
You shall not pass moment, called it.
it hasn't been yet, though...
Sexy...?
And then they can throw the "based on a true story" tag in the episode.
YOU! SHALL NOT! PASS!
11YOU.
11SHALL NOT!
11PAAAAAASSS!
General confirmed for Balrog :P
Aw, he didn't say it.
11We said it for him.
lol Val
11I only watched five minutes of it.
They still need the Wiley Twins
awwwww
Ta to ba, tatoba ta to ba.
11And I f*cking love it.
/me loves Cheesecake. ^^
yay!
=o
needs more panthro
/me 11has to go to class. ;.;
I know that feel silver
aw :(
/me hugs Silverscreen, best of luck
I only have about an hour myself :(
/me has to go to class soon as well :C
Fluttershy: The only people who don't like Cheesecake are lactose intolerant people.
I feel for you
I'm pretty sure that was the most random comment I have ever read. Granted, I just joined the room, but I get this feeling that there was absolutely no context for that.
Poor Silver. :(
Cya, Silverscreen
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-14842999
/me 11never had cheesecake.
WUT
^ context.
EspyLacopa and not even all of them.
EspyLacopa: Ah, that's true... :C
Never had cheesecake.
lol Espylacopa I love cheesecake and I am somewhat lactose intolerant :P
MFW
05EspyLacopa actually, i eat and love it anywasy
05anyways*
And...... my day is complete
:O
/me brohoofs Silverscreen
/me hugs Silverscreen :<
07Cheesecake is yummy
lol
Oh hello VioletVanilla, when did you get here?
You can thank Turgle
neither did i ^^
he's a good artist
damn...he can draw well with a sword
This sort of thing is probably par for the course in Sweden.
They may not get the joke.
I couldn't do that with a sword if my life depended on it
They need a proper Thundertank.
Kittens! :3
>Gold everywhere
>steal clothes
Hahaha yep
It's their method of marinading vennison
gold is useless when your market is fucking EXPLODED
Oh, yeah, I'm sure drunken moose are lining the streets the way cracked out bums do in downtown Chicago.
11They has priorities.
When you steal everything anyway, who needs gold?
If anyone else wishes to waste a thursday afternoon and evening, feel free to drop by http://www.synchtube.com/r/IsaacShark#
Marathon starting shortly
...I think that's the greatest headline I have ever beheld in my entire life.
What will you be doing?
Our last marathon of the year
11Snarf doesn't talk.
Sort of a pre-season 2 celebration thing
Marathon of what?
All 26 episodes?
/me snarfs
11Thank f*cking god.
But I have class/errands!? I want synctube!
Kitties. ^^ Are so cute.
Ah.
Ah, episodes.
Yup
Non-stop
Snarf is a pokemon in this world.
Snarf is actually appealing in this
which makes me enjoy watching it :P
I don't think I would survive.
11They could have easily turned Snarf into another Jar Jar Binks.
In other words, I hope you don't have to go to the bathroom anytime soon.
It's only 9 hours of show
.... if my math is right
More like 8, maybe 7 1/2
I don't think it is
22 minutes an episode
9 and a half to be precise
22 x 26
well then...
07pretty pleaseeeeee
11...
why are they the only ones with tails?
11Lionel's an asshole.
572 minutes
Liono, how you could be so heartless?
He's pretty mean.
Lol
Switched to laptop
That would take things a little late for me, but I may duck in and out.
Meow meow
mkay
OhYouFool - when are you starting?
gosh...
11Probably a puberty thing.
Like
they follow anyways.
In 2 minutes
oh boy, the new meowception
Oh, it is 9.5
11MEWO
my beloved mustache
Since I'm feeling too crappy to sit on my computer, I'll just use my lappie
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcVLJyIi2NE
11MEOW*
11I failed
...wait, their tails retract when they grow up? Isn't that kinda backwards?
I'd have come earlier but I was hoping to get it plugged through other means
That's right, meowth!
I'm sort of running it on behalf of the room owner
-blushes- n-nevermind, I didn't say anything.
lol, Peter Pan must be a wonderful story for them :P]
@FLuttershy: yea...
hmmmm
11Tails are used for balance, but as they get older, they become balanced on their own two legs, hence they don't need a tail.
but dey so fwuffy!
Liono has forgotten the power of Friendship.
I have to be at class in 5 hours.... need to make a few stops ahead of time... theoretically I should be doing the reading....
HE KILLED SNARF
A ROCK
11Either that or warriors purposly chop them off.
PONIES AWAY
05mfw i heard "eohw fuck"
I should go into one of the conference rooms and hook up the 1080p projector
Stream ponies all day at work.
11Mirage
It's a trap!
You should
Do that
Totally
11...
Lawl
Need a better sound system though
11or a trap
that's not how mirages work....
food, floating on a evil sea of magic sand? NOTHING CAN GO WRONG
>random food in the middle of a desert
It's always a trap
>no suspicion
Awww I'd go to see that
Laptop speakers wouldn't quite cut it
lol
fish people!
oh no, Sahagin!
Fishing...
British fish people
Redbeard!
lol reverse? Fish people fishing
where i can find the first season in 1080p?
dear god...this is just like FF12
Well, we had a Buffy marathon a couple months ago, but that was after-hours.
Turgle: YouTube.
desert fish, wow...
didn't they deleted all?
Britfish?
Although you're sacrificing 5.1 audio for 1080p
Turgle: nope.
ValtheJean: I don't know, at least they are carting around useless people.
yay
thanks
They have claws
And this has fish-pirates.
Teeth
New post on Equestria Daily by Cereal Velocity: Story: Aegis (http://tinyurl.com/3r3ea5d)
oh my goodness... what happened? -hyperventilates- e-e;
In fact, people started uploading as soon as they found out somebody was trying to take it down.
11Tunar
I think we have twice as much youTube pony than when it started.
11Fillet'd
11those puns.
Fluttershy: it seems fish people fished them...
WILHELM!
07suddenly...
LOL
I HEAR HIM!
WILHELM
LFOAKFPOAGKAPOWG
Mmmm, veal
dat wilhelm
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL
this is a good news :D
Kraken!
and suddenly tentacles
Moby Dick w/ Tentacles?
Chef = Wilhelm!
NOW the tentacle rape
11Hello, captain ahab
They call me Fishmael
...tentacles.... oh no...
I have seen enough hentai to kn.... ah screw it.
I've seen enough hentai to.... wait no.
[insert hentai joke here]
Damnit RobotPinkie!
11herdmind
lol
Wonder if Cheetara + tentacles comes up on rule34
you could always get the 5.1 audio and the 1080p and combine them
11class now. GOtta go.
Save yourself, Snarf!
NO
BAD ALLIS
BAD
Leonon: but that's /work/.
AllisZero what kind of question is that?
07lol
lol...
bye Silverscreen!
Boyo!
(I'm actually doing that at home.)
11"The food's fighting better than you." lol
07"the food is fighting better than you"
lol
07^
Bye Silverscreen!
on nom nom nom
Haha
ninja'd
Lawl
mmmm.... delicious sushi
Tentacle tastes good?
Wiley Kit and Wiley Kat know what's /really/ important
Food and Clothes!
Oh he's ahab?
Dat first mate
http://fim.413chan.net/art/src/131262027689-fluttercheetara.png
lawl, dat first mate
07fewd!
o-o -blinks-
Oh god llook what I found
xD
Lol
Seasickness.
That picture is... interesting. o-o
so does he hack up a hairball?
Cheetara brushing Fluttershy
Yup, the Captain is Ahab.
imokwiththis.jpg
6I guess yes~
omnomnomnom
See, Kit and Kat know what's really important in life.
ohay again Silverscreen
Lul
He's fattening them up!
inb4 they shove him in the oven
e-e;
never trust sahagin
> starts getting ready for class.
n-no.... don't eat kitties... bad...
> sees today's schedule is just doing work that's already done
> fuckit, play hookie.
the 1080 are the TV capture, right?
lulz. awesome
>today's schedule
lucky silver :P
lol
lol
>reading the syllabus
Well said, Rarity.
6D'awwwwww~ Responsible Silver is responsible! :'D?
well i have to go now, ill be bak...c yall later =3
Probably, considering the iTunes downloads are 720p.
cya
6See you soon AppleJack~ <3
Madness?
THIS IS MADNESS
Awww bye Applejack :C
MADNESS?
see ya applejack
Madness? THIS IS THUNDARA!
lol
1080p upscale afaik
/me waves to everypony and leaves
THIS IS THUNDERCATS!
Bye Applejack
Nope, looks like madness to me!
inb4 snarf saves the day :P
Between YouTube and iTunes, I haven't really noticed a difference in quality
-giggles- epic timing with the soundboard
itunes got better audio encoding, i think
/me waits for cheering ponies
^
Yeah, it's 5.1
/me cheers
11Is it bad that I got work done/handed in early and skipping the class that it's suppose to be done in?
are those potatoes?
I have no idea what's going on...
no at all silver :P
6No, that is something right Silver!
07lol
Clever girl.
I downloaded a couple of the 1080p episodes from YouTube and am doing a re-render (re: un-DRM) of an iTunes episode to compare
Adorable loli
11Damn, they're good.
Itunes is slightly zoomed in and washed out too
Nah, not bad at all Silverscreen.
Hey Violet.
11Lionel's face = Challenge accepted.
never thought I'd like a show's supporting characters more than the main
It looks kind of like a flower... o-o
Leonon, are you sure you aren't watching the 480p "low-res" version?
what the hay, the kraken is a pitcher plant with prehensile tentacles?
Mah boi
6http://alltheragefaces.com/img/faces/png/obama-not-bad.png
11ValtheJean: that's the power of douchebaggery.
lol
the itunes eps do have weird colors
pretty sure
but there are filters available
Oh dear... who's played Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time?
Eyes?
11GGgala: It's a Victreebell?
I have
Everyone Fluttershy
lol I would hope everyone Fluttershy :P
d:
6I would hope everyone Fluttershy~
and the divx player at least manages to display a good picture
Silverscreen: lol
Better question is, who HASN'T
it's 720 but if you compare with the 720 TV version it's very slightly zoomed in
/me 11hasn't played OoT
Anyone see a resemblance between Obama and Ganondorf?
The colors can be corrected with filters. One guy who put a torrent together included a bunch of ffdshow filter files for color correction.
The question is do we mean completed, or played?
/me murders silverscreen
lolwut ^
Nooo
LOL
11LOL
i'm too stupid to use the filters though :D
DAMN YOU LUNA!
FUUU SEAP ONIES
Great timing
WAT?
hahahaahaha
6XDDD
I completed the game
HAHAHAHAHAHA
SHOO BE DOO!
o-o .... what in the...?
6LOLOLOLOLOL!
silver, lol\
oh, no!
6Poor Silversreeeeen!!!!
just lol
/me 11failed.
that's my revenge for dari not adding me to the list yet :P
6Autokick by Dari~
11I got pwned by the auto-script
you were just an innocent victim :P
Revenge?
05thank you mute!
I like this song.
Trololo.
Why the hell are we watching this?
/me can't stop laughing
11The song really isn't that bad.
6Trololo? I like this song~
That's what I was just thinking... o-o
11It's too damn catchy, though.
wait... who's streaming?
I enjoy it because of the pain it causes on bronies :P
Luna I believe
But can they escape the smooze?
sea ponies are best ponies
It's Megan and Applejack!
6The catchyness of this song is TOO DAMN HIGH! D<
It's bacon and Applejack!
:P
We're roughly ten minutes into episode one, still a good time to join!! http://www.synchtube.com/r/IsaacShark#
It's bacon and applejack!
dammit dari
....Luna...? o-o;
she trolled us
And I'm not too savvy about this stuff, as I often don't mind watching stuff in 360p instead of glorious 1080p
I think... you made my brain esplode.
07^.^
11....
x-x
Fish!Ahab vs MobyDick w/Tentacles
6:3 You are too wonderful Luna~
/me meows at Luna
one day i'll have a full-HD tv
/me heals Fluttershy's brain
11Direct quote from Moby Dick
/me meows back
11This show is made of win.
there is only one way for me to love this show
/me meows at the wall
I own a 4:3 CRT in my room
so i need the most high resolution videos :D
and that is TO BRING PANTHRO THE FUCK BACK
-brain is healed. all better now-
/me hugs Violet
And I'm totally fine playing PS3/X360 games on it
Fluttershy: Shoo be doo
11ValtheJean: Panthro is confirmed for the show, but he doesn't appear until later in the story.
Wut
I'm picky about quality, but if I can't see a difference between a 480 rip and a 1080 rip, I'll stick with the less-space-consuming 480 rip.
Pulling the fucking boat.
EspyLacopa: ><
I have the 720 TV that I watched and the 720 iTunes that I use for videos I make
/me is hug'd~ :3
then I don't love the show until he comes back :P
and no more mind control bullshit
Giant sea anemone
I want him back as a main character :P
oh, it's like an anemone
Tentacles.
'slimy sack of tentacles'?
She said it.
11...
that sounds... awful
in so many ways... e-e;
Nope.
It's a giant waterballoon.
Woo! Water!
You know you can just up the quality...
I have seen enough sea ponies to know where this is going
11That was so stupid yet it made so much sense.
lol
Your quality isn't locked to mine
And the videos are all 1080p ones
-brain esplodes again-
6Hmmm? Caramel sea ponies? o:
NO
They're too adorable to leave behind.
BAD VIOLET
Caramel sea pony?
Someone get on drawing that!
>:(
Poor Jagga.
I will murder you all
no moar sea poniessss.... ><
6Caramel sea pony, this pleases me <3
Nooo Gandalf!
11> Panthro
11Did you hear that?
HE'D BETTER BE BACK AS A GOOD GUY
Hey Cog.
11They actually managed to make ALL of the characters likable. I have yet to witness one that I didn't like.
yo
I kinda dislike liono and cheetara atm
I don't like the evil lizard wizard o-o
Sucks to be Jagga right now.
11Well, that's because Liono has been acting like a complete douche
How could you like the one with the boobs?
just because I have yet to see any character in cheetara other than "standard female character"
and Liono...I dunno, he'd better redeem himself soon
lizard wizard lizard wizar
d
Don't worry, Gandalf will come back as Gandalf the White.
11VAltheJean: Good point...but on the other hand...BOOBS!
Heh. shoo be doo.
I think Dari means Gandalf the Dead :P
Hi everypony!
Gandalf doesn't die.
lol, I rest my case silverscreen :P
He just becoms Gandalf the White
hi there
lolwut at the gala/
?
11XD
Yay~ singing
Hi Doctor Nickflutterguycz!
inb4 flutterage
Flutterage later >>
Fluttersing for now ^^
hmmm i just saw some video showing people playing counterstrike and i flashbacked so hard... i think that game gave me PTSD
Oh no, this is the episode where the building collapses?
that's a new one
what's ptsd?
Fluttersing
Flutterwhatnow?
post traumatic stress disorder
No more Thundercats?
oh.
House!
best verse
oh great
my internet is dying :-/
I see House!
DASH
FDSAOPGKASOPDGK
WOOOOOOOOOOOO
<33333333
Best solo
Dash gets fireworks.
induring best pony
All solos are best solos
Then Pinkie hehe ^^
I think I scared him off with my Simpsons reference.
Dari is such a fanboy.
6Rainbow pony is best pony Dari? ;D
MFW the only thing I've ever actually fanboyed about it MLP.
Dashite: I think we're all fanboys/fangirls
Fucking MLP making me into an annoying prick.
is*
/me drink HotCocoa
sure, blame MLP :P
6TO TALK!
It is MLP's fault.
:P
It's ok dari, it's OK
But MLP is all about loving and tolerating... D: How can it make you a prick?
9 days to go. . .
EspyLacopa, to a certain extent. Dari is just worse because he has mod power to back up his fanboy-ness.
:p
Twilight's such a nerd
You cannibal!... Mind giving me some too?
Hey Fireant.
Fuuu
who's geting burninated now?
/me goes to the gala to gala.
Dammit Trogdor!
i haven't really been much of a fanboy over anything recently except MLP either ,though....
Peasants are getting burninated.
6One of the firepeople is going to pass out.
what show is this one
That one in fact.
ah, the House fakeout intro
oh this is House, isn't it?
I'm really not a fanboy even for MLP
6Dat mask~
Intro about somebody having problems with body = House xp
dat LeFlour
I'm very chill about my bronydom
heh
thanks for all the house shows whoever it is
Random LeFlour
07<<
I'll tell people about it, but I won't got YOU MUST WATCH IT
That... was... random
well i don't really push my bronydom on anyone
stupid new opening music
6Ish 'tay Luna~ I thought it was good timing!
I don't have anyone to push to
11http://img.ponibooru.org/images/64/64ff9ffb10e5326886e1eadf9d03b770
RobotPinkie: Exactly
o-o that makes me think of something evil I did...
how can i go to sleep with this on? :p
6but what if we like this music? o:
11Sea Ponies. :D
I'm going to guess what will happen this episode.
If they want to watch it, they will, if they don't, they won't
Nightmare Moon's taken control of Ponyville and begun the eternal night! http://www.synchtube.com/r/IsaacShark#
RobotPinkie, same. There are a few people that I did when I first started watching, but honestly they've brough it up more than I have lately.
House will make about 3 incorrect diagnoses, before finally making a correct diagnosis.
OH SHI--
http://i.imgur.com/th1ac.jpg
11...
Awesome pic, Silver.
lol
...Because I'm running out of creative means of plugging the marathon
11was that the black guy from CSI????
i remember this episode, I think.... if i do, it's pretty fucked up
House won't make any incorrect diagnoses.
It's all his team.
:p
House ALWAYS makes incorrect diagnoses.
I have a friend who's half-brony. He likes the show, but he refuses to admit he likes it. o-o
:P
05ill say 4 incorrect ones then Dari, jstu for competition
And House will save him just before he dies.
11Fluttershy: Denial is a powerful thing, but give him time.
Ah, the season of Asshole Cop vs Asshole Doctor
i'll say 5.
So when he missed the Japanese class we share I drew a picture of Pinkie Pie and posted it on his door saying 'FOOOREEEVEEER'
Solarstorm: yeah that's my day in a nutshell.
6@Dari: House will make the first diagnosis and dismiss it. The patient will get worse, he will do it again. Patient will be near death. House will then have a braingasm and know what to do.
damn it silverscreen
He hated me ^^
Except most of it happens at work.
you've convinced me to play hookie
11Why are YOU playing hookie, ValtheJean?
/me really wants to see the Hub stream
oh no! series finale house gets locked up
i wish i could watch pony at work :/
It was a big picture of Pinkie Pie too o-o. When he saw it he literally screamed
meh, because I don't want to talk about Jane Austen right now
Dammit Hat!
11who?
author of various novels
Who
like Pride and Prejudice
Did somebody say... Jane Austen?!
Who?
/me 11has an actual reason. He already did the work. :P
oh wow, a diagnostician diagnosing people? wow, the predictions are just amazing!
I have a real reason too
In college. Can be in chat at school. :p
because I'm god damn lazy :P
"We are each of an unsocial, taciturn disposition, unwilling to speak, unless we expect to say something that will amaze the whole room, and be handed down to posterity with all the eclat of a proverb."
6Hallo Nittany~ :33
it's Lupus!
Hi.
Here lurkin'
Speaking of which, I should probably plug in my laptop to charge before class...
eclat is a word?
11IT'S NEVER LUPUS!!!!
11Where did that come from?
07indeed!
Just a reminder, it's an all day marathon, so if you want to join, there's still 9 and a half hours left in the day to join :P
6I think it is a quote from House himself? o:
07correct ^
6~yay~
!moon
Grab my tail, Fawful!
07remember the pills he put in the lupus book?
It was last episode
He keeps a stack of pills inside a Lupus book
Oh crap
07^
"You keep your pills in a lupus book?"
House: "It's never lupus"
Wasn't that yesterday's episode?
07Yessem
6RANDOM PREDICTION: Another one of the firepeople are going to get sick?
!bet all VioletVanilla
!link pinkamena
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/40887
I like this picture
6<mfw man has menopause o^o
i seem to remember two very fucked up things in this episode....
he's fine
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Live Hub Stream Stress Test From Brony State (http://tinyurl.com/3tztmoe)
6It seems I have some hormoHNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!
I have been exposed to MRSA once.
he's becoming infected!
this guy is off another show
hmm
6Not only is it never Lupus, but House never changes.
House admitting he was wrong?
6Sudden banhammer? o:
Welp, that makes it easier for me for not having to look for a stream too long
FreezeFrame: Of course not.
hmm 4pm est... thats 10 pm for most europeons
Did something derped?
07yep
Whoa again
Session Limit exceeded?
6SILVERSCREEN NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! DDDD:
Well this is annoying.
>_>
this...doesn't look good
/me hides
? streams fine for me
Good afternoon
07it's not the stream..
Welp, it's friday so who cares!
Stream is fine, it's the chat.
07it's the chat
Howdy
Oh wait
If I go, tell them my favorite pony is Luna
oh
what is wrong
/me puts hat on.
There's no mibbit exemption
<OhYouFool> Just a reminder, it's an all day marathon, so if you want to join, there's still 9 and a half hours left in the day to join :P
it's Friday?
but today is thursday
It just kicked a whole bunch of people.
lol whoops
what mareathon?
People are getting kicked out for (Session limit exceeded)
Imma too sick to think straight
/me hides behind Luna
Lulz.
Oh look, there go more.
6;A;
Bye mibbit people.
Luna, are you pausing the stream or is my internet derping?
I can sense my turn coming up
07internet derp
fuuuuuu-
Bronystate stress test
Espy: Normally there's a limit on simultaneous connections from a single IP
It's because there's no CGI block for webirc in the unreal section.
And mibbit is a single IP
MPR|: it's a synchtube marathon of MLP
4 IPs.
:P
Hi
See, this is an entirely new reason for preferring a proper chat client.
Yo Jackie
Hey JackiePie
Wow o.O
So the only people left are those not using mibbit?
Eeyup.
eeyup
That means, I'm safe!
Glorious Shadowbolts screentime right now http://www.synchtube.com/r/IsaacShark#
Hurrah!
I was gonna stream MLP episodes, but since there's a marathon already, I don't need to :o
/me is safe too
Lemon_Lime: eeyup.
Hehe~
If I weren't at work, I would be watching.
/me hugs Luna
Andre the Giant
^
I probably could join in the fun, seeing how I can't think of anything else to do since I'm having this darn flu
/me is safe? o:
Yup
07yep
Join the fun
Plug it in other places
We are the untouchables?
MWAHAHAHAHA!
07^.^
We're looking to generate some viewers before s2 so we can establish a bigger 'viewing party'
/me giggles~ ^-^
My head feels like it's being hammered, my legs are sore as hell, my throat is burning like it's Celestia's sun down my throat and I'm sweating even though I'm not doing anything
Uh...
I just tried to log on
It banned me....
6You are a ray of sunshine on a cloudy day! :DD
07ahahaha
He is so cheery. :)
I remember those from school
6Trolling also causes rage~
Time to do real stuff.
BBL.
6>See: "Dari"
DeniedExistenceMobile: Because apparently this server has decided that Mibbit must die.
Mibbit must die!
Oh go dammit
God
Trolling is a art
an* *trollface*
6an*
herdmind violet :P
i like real stuff
6:3
6So i herd yu liek caramel~
I do :P
Nope, just caramac. :D
and I like Caramel
So I herd u liek caramac.
6Is the guy allergic to. . . .
6Les girl?
I've never had a caramac bar dari :P
/me bomb the chatroom.
So Violet
!s2
Season 2 begins in 8d:18h:20m:01s
6Yeeeesssssss? ;3
Oh I'm sure you'd love some tasty, tasty Caramac, Val.
Trololo.
eeenope
not at all
That thing we discussed yesterday?
mostly because I hate chocolate :P
07WAT!
/me hides
6Dashite said he is not able to because he is busy until Saturday. . .
WELP!
07hate cholate?
No class tonight.
eeyup
07chocolate*
can't stand it
6. . .
makes me sick every time I eat it
Ok, and after Saturday?
6SOMEPONY GET THE BEES
me sowwy woona :(
6XDDD NICE TIMING LUNA!!
6Oh, if it makes you sick. . .
6>~<
:P
Tomorrow it will only be one week till new episodes!
6Oh WhatPayne, we could play soon if you would like~~~
6Dashie just said no class tonight! ;D
/me is making lunch right now.
Well, VioletVanilla, I'm pretty free all day, every day now-a-days
6Well it is tonight where I am! D<
aaaaaaaaaaaawkward
6ouch~
Ponyville's been saved, the eternal night has come to an end!! http://www.synchtube.com/r/IsaacShark#
6WE'RE NO STRANGERS TO LOOOOOOVE~
/me dances
>_>
any way to get back into chat, now?
Zzzt
Lawl.
I just realised that there's a section on smoking for my school.
"Don't smoke around the younger students"
XD
05haha
:p
House....nice?
KILL IT
KILL IT WITH FIRE
6WITH FIRE
THEY TRIED!
HE LIVED THROUGH THE FIRE!
05at my shcool its only "dont do it where you risk beeing seen by a teacher"
6lololol~
6OH YEAH WELL AT MY SCHOOL
6All of my music teachers do it. . .
6While screaming obscenities in German .~.
Wut...
6Oh but Dashiiiieeee~
6WEEEE DIDN'T START THE FIIIIIRRRRREE
-_-
6IT WAS ALLLWAYS BURNING SINCE THE WOOOORLD'S BEEN TURNING~
6;33
WE DIDN'T START THE FLAMEWAR!
6Talk to the DA?
See, asshole cop.
6Eeeeeeenope~
Well this is fun. can I get unbanned, perhaps?
05suddenly I hate rarity
6T~T
Can't.
Server ban.
Mibbit is currently banned...
I didn't do it.
6D'awwwww Wrek, working hard on her? :3
05her mane is too much for me to handle xD
05atleast got the eye right
Eh, I hate this
long live the chat
Zzzt
6Ion cannon firing. . .
That's like the worst thing I can imagine.
6You did a great job when I saw it Wrek. . .
Ah. So what's the server address?
I'll probably switch back the IRC.
evenin everyone
hi
welcome to the dead chat
Okay.
So, Batman Beyond in an hour?
like most other chat's i visit on occasion XD
05inb4 hatemail to the one that designed her mane with so many gradients
it's not dead, stop saying it is
chat's not dead, it's just pining for the fjords
just because it's silent for a while...
whatevs.anyone plays(or played) wow?
6.-.
it came back to life!!! a zombie chat
nope
Right now im drawing Fluttershy as a Druid XD
Switching back to our old IRC.
Need to let the mibbitfoals back in.
6OH
6MY
link
GOD
6TWIST
WHAT A TWEEST!
6DDDD:
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps mexican
this is why you should TELL the other people before wiping his brain
6WHATAPEEEENCH~
how do i reset chat, using different browser now
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
no
/me walks away with a drooping tail
Hey
Ummm... Well, that fixes that Problem.
not done yet.i've got her anatomy down now im drawing the armor on
ohay mibs
:-p
Hey.
Hey Dari (or whoever runs the BronyState G-mail), could you please Ignore the E-mail I just sent to your G-mail account about accidentally getting banned?
Sooooooo why do i get a Baned message when I try to connect through Miibit?
RandomExtra: Sure.
HEEEEEEELLOOOOOOOOO BROOONIES!
Thank you.
Hosue[sic]!
Test test 123...
The new network had a screwup. :P
Hello
Afternoon everypony.
/me hugs #bronystate
I missed you guyse
>screwup
PK HALLO
>kicked everyone on mibbit
05ogtta love irc
05mirc*
So did I! I honestly thought that I'd miss out on the HUB Stream with you guys.
His moustache is touching his brain?
When will the actual episode streams be on?
Oh so it exploded just as i tryed to connect.
DERP
ok, chat works
yay
^
:yay:
Yogscast and Bronies. Awesome
*Lurks forever*
i luv fluttershy!:)
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
i guessed it :D
Fluttershy and Rainbowdash are my two favorite ponies.
^-^
So do I, but rainbow is better
lolol
:D
muffins!!!!!
I'm best pony? /)^ɛ^(\
10XD
streessssssssssss
11in an hour
I have a new favourite pony every day to avoid favouritism.
13Hello bronies
hi
hi!
6Colors are for mods, bro. =/
07hello :)
0Sorry
6Hallo~
oh sorry
0So I should switch to white?
Stress test, eh?
/me meows at Luna
0better?
0lol automatic warning
I'm a pegasister if anything XD
6Yep, white.
10If that's ok PinkiePie :3
lolwut
07FYI this is not the test - stream ;)
Needs more testing done.
sudenly we're back over here?
When's the test happening, then?
6We need to be able to stand out in case there's something important that needs said, so we can't have everypony flaunting colors, is all.
When/where is the stress test?
Timer at the top?
6Stress test is here, it'll be in an hour.
Test is in an hour
What happened to Violet?
2,14 test is at 4PM eastern
074 PM Eastern
NO! HOUSE! ;-;
0Stress test is at--
Danke
0Oh :b
the channel should support 1000+ people if
bitte
10xD
D: HOUSE
er.... what's the time easter RIGHT NOW?
a day after :/
weren't the mibbitfoals automatically joining the new server?
3pm EST
6Timer up top is until our next Brony Movie Night, which is tomorrow.
We could have a pre-pretest test.
i love his voice
6Ohbby here we go. . .
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Comic: Like a Bawss (http://tinyurl.com/3pfaqaz)
http://wwp.greenwichmeantime.com/time-zone/usa/eastern-time/
in one hour will there be stress test
yay
10hesperidium .... testception?
0What's brony movie night?
ARGHHHHHH
0New here
6Yes, stress test is in one hour.
ty
i love true romance
how are we going to test it?
I got an autoban or something for "Session Limit Exceeded"
6How can he start over?
Hai guise
[equestriaforums]PinkiePie Movies this week are True Romance and Rocky Horror Picture Show
Yes.
brb
6...well that was random, dari.
07Brony movie night is our weekly broadcast
6Rainbow_Dash things are being worked on, but you are back now. (:
I looked it up, and it appears to be caused by my connection derping..
New EQD Comic post is awesome. :D
Yeah, I had to restart my computer XD
Dang smilies. :(
is it possible to put the temporary solution on the stream
The cutie mark crusaders one?
House is now her bitch.
hurrrr
10Rainbow_Dash well now you're back ;D
what is that i don't even
6;3
Hey look
0Gotta go :\
Jail house.
can I be afk for the stress test? I'm at work.
/me giggles softly
0Seeyall later
well EXCUSE me Princess!
Yeah.. Hopefully that doesnt happen again O_E
back
lol
6GO STRAIGHT TO JAIL. DO NOT PASS GO. DO NOT COLLECT $200!
wow
AAA
The apology...
House /lives/ the saying, Everyone Lies.
Don't you mean 200 Bits? :|
Now, see
:D
(FreezeLight, session twelve (major update): http://public.iwork.com/document/?d=FreezeLight_Roleplay__47__12.pages&a=p1154226319 | all links: http://docs.google.com/document/pub?id=1FuLnbzwpgg6yYu5SyMAG9En0UhtkBWlQ4ntaBfIxkt4)
No US is only AA now. BOOM.
05house, the only one that can go directly to jail and still collect the 200
I've got two choices here
i thought Wilson was a soccer ball
/me really doesn't like this music.
I can stick around and watch House stuff that I've seen already
OR
6200 bits, yes. c:
I can get back to downloading that Nuclear Dawn beta.
It doesn't match the concept of house at all, IMO
And come back in a hour.
6200*
Oh hi Mark
6 200*
holy shit
oh, wrong channel
sorry
I don't know why, but I feel something will happen before Season 2 starts. I don't know...I just got that weird feeling.
Anyone else know where one can find MLP: Season 2 when it starts? Online stream, maybe?
it will be here!
hi
dastrdlyW
It comes on at 5 AM my time, and I don't have the channel yet
That's...
the whole house just shook
HI GUISE
07here
One day One Room
We are streaming it here./
That's what the point of this is
Live.
Whatsuo
6...here, dastrdly. XD
D:
2,14 right here Mr. DastrdlyW
XD
I assume there's some problems with the IRC?
6Here Dastrdly
So when is that Stresstest exactly?
Favorite pony?
Every new episode wehn it comes out?
There'll be a Test Stream Stress Test at 4PM EST.
One hour, I think
6That is what this site is for! ;D
in 56min
6Stresstest is in an hour.
freaked me out
2,14 stresstest is 4PM est, in one hour
oh okay
6That is correct Dastrdly!
We've got time for another house episode, woo!
I wasn't sure
That's what I was wondering
I'll be back, then.
Civilization is death
I became a brony about 2 weeks ago, so yeah. xP
New to everyhting
Ah, fun with silly patients.
You will die house
6STDs. STDs EVERYWHERE.
_THREE_ TOWELS
SHIT'S GETTING REAL
Those were gloves.
:P
It's a colt
Oh, welcome to the herd
I don't understand it, but I had been banned for a bit
PONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONYPONY
11Hello, Anyurism.
THIS SHOW IS SO BAD AAAAAGH I CAN'T STAND IT
FIM has a.. colt following
LOL
Drama!
10kripto D:
11lol, Fagit
Running around screaming.
XD
6SCREAMING MAN OH OH MY OOOHH AAAAHHHH NOT THE BEEEESSSS!!
I'LL TAKE HIM!
My life is complete!
doctors everywhere no help lol
These extras are horrible these days.
6PLEASE NOT THE BEEEEESSSS
10MY HAIR IS ON FIRE
ARRRRGH!
owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
10MY HAIR IS ON FIRE
Aaand cane.
Derpmind is sexy
Clearly it's lupis.
6IT WON'T BRING BACK YOUR VICODIN!!!
Almost everyone was banned Barry
DERPMIND MARRY ME
OH MY GID SUMICA
2,14 HELP ME JESUS, HELP ME OPRAH! TOM CRUISE USE YOUR WITCHCRAFT ON MEH
what happened?
to kill him
when is this stress test thang?
GO GO HOUSE'
1 hour
No idea.
MARRY ME AND HAVE SHMEXY WITH ME WILDRORY
Hypoxie required
6XDD Dari~~
Quiet pain, glorious.
07an hour
bicyclerepairman big rig drove by or earthquake.
Or whatever
10stress test is 1 hour :3
More importantly
It's lupus isn't it.
no
Some sort of technical difficulty.
It's not a tumah
What is Wilson and what does it have to do with Ponies?
ah
10Hai it's ALWAYS lupus
Applebucking season has arrived!! http://www.synchtube.com/r/IsaacShark#
Like a hawss
6Your favorite music everypony!! ;D
was probably wind
Wasn't there a House crossover at some point?
:D
I forget.
HOUSE INTRO AAAAAAAA
never seen House, is it even any good?
Loony Loopy Lupin
or maybe earthquake, could happen around here
Welp, I wish I could have thos House episode, but sadly we can't have nice things. :(
House is a pony, that's why
yes
07it's great
Derp, yes
this*
I'd be surprised if there isn't a House crossover :P
It's so lonely and quiet here...
6IT IS AMAZING! :l
God yes
I'm PRETTY sure I saw one on ED
5CCs!
So like
10hesperidium this is just what we stream usually at this time casually, we'll be changing to the actual stress-test stream for when it starts, in 53 minutes
Isn't there an Indiana Jones - MLP crossover fic?
Is this where I watch season 2 episode 1
How do you know it was specifically HIS head?
woo! house!
Whenever someone says Lupus, I will say Loony loopy lupin
Spoiler: His ear hurt
Encyclopedia Dramatica is win
Once it's out
is host in chat?
6Yes Silfir~
http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3606/3371026223_2a55615175_o.jpg
lupus
Okay.
Glorious
Wait this is the old seever=
?
What if I'm Hugh Laurie?
Loony Loopy Lupin
6You can find the premiere he as well as every episode as it is released livestreamed on here.
10mib_a10kyg eeyup
here*
dunno, stopped anyway
I think I know this episode
Awwwwwwwwwwww Yeahhhhhhhhhh
Does veemi run better procaster?
He's actually turning into a werewolf. Basically I have no idea how realistic House is
Time for an MRI
ducks are mr house
Pour some ear into his alcohol
not a cockroach, a pony
well if earthquakes can happen here in ottawa, they can happen anywhere
11Ear infections are dangerous.
roaches are tiny mom
It's lupus obviously
Trololololol
Ive not been able to connect
drunk ear time
till now
Ooh! House!
confirmed earthquake
Try and post the information of the Stress Test on as many ponysites as you guys can. We need to test this thing like crazy, don't we? I'm just the visitor. :(
Babel Cockroach
I think it's realistic enough that people with medicinal background will spot the mistakes, but regular dudes won't
Fuck drinking, alcohol STRAIGHT to the brain.
Loony Loopy lupin
aye, same here
hi
the ants caught frightened
but we have earthquakes once in never
Jogging : a spectator sport.
So like, how hard do I spam during the stress test
congrats
I want to do my part
i assume since theres only 13 thats its the same for everybody
10aponymous is right, spread the word about the stress test everypony! (explain that it starts in 52 minutes officially though!)
your first earthquake
have a
how do you change your nickname?
:D
He's trolling?
trolling
Trolling?
is this supposed to randomly pause?
lol trolling
YES HE IS
"I lost my shake-shake virginiy" cupcake c/o pinkie
much better
10silfir it's not to do with spam, just viewer count ;)
05trolling.
Dat Wilson.
TROLLING LIKE A BAWS
Dey see me trollin
10so much trolling
BAWSS
what the fuck
In shorts
PILLS HERE
Spam too
sometimes it pauses but its not bad atm
The Doctor gave me this!
InsertCupcake: Because apparently this server has decided that Mibbit must die.
The doctors gave me aids.
hmmm
ill stick with procaster then
RAINBOWS
To the TARDIS!
if you have ever been to Basil's stream you'd know
Wilson.... explain.
I FOUND PILLS AND ATE THEM
11...
no really how do you change your name
(doctor who theme)
WELL HOLY BLANK BLANK!
never went to basil's stream was to busy streaming
HI GUYS
;___;
Our hosue is infested!
Bah, back to working on My Little 1-up again.
2,14 cure the bum!
I WILL STAY WITH YOU FOREVER
Oh hey it actually let me go through this time.
god is drawing clothes on ponies hard
mib 11, you do that when you open this page xD
10mib_lgeo1l disconnect and reconnect under a new name if that's okay
11....fuck you episode...
With....I have no idea what they are! But they have wings!
6Hallo Zephirdd
House is dead!
1000+ people spamming reactions to each and every scene
Wait never mind
OMG HE ROSE FROM THE DEAD
lol
He cured death
parasprites?
the trolling jogger did this, i know it
No they are black
Oh, this is the first episode isn't it
Sith Parasprites?
THERE IS ONLY 1 EXPLAMATION
Back to the clinic? Now I'm intrigued in House backstory
I haven't been following it at all for the last couple seasons, my mother said it jumped the shark
Go to JAIL or go to jail.
HOUSE IS A GOD
Maybe
What season/episode is this?
Well they werent here yesterday
idk
10lolol kripto
6Octavia!!! :33
I try.
So this is where everyone went!!!
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygI-2F8ApUM
Twilight told me this video is about BRODYQUEST
Hospital?
One of the best videos on Youtube
I'm scared of exiting this chat.
I must stay on
I suddenly noticed I was all alone and scared.
hi
2,14 ohai octavia
this is worse then derpcaster
uh oh
so we can switch back here now, dari?
/me hugs WhatPayne
its mark
OH.
Hey VV and Val :P
Welp.
im getting pauses like every 30 seconds
/me works
6There there, it is okay now. . . You are here. . .
And the black people start talking.
Hm?
Nice job there producers.
I was playing WoW and i saw the spell Insect Swarm and immediately thought of Fluttershy and her buterflies...then it hit me
I know if I leave and try to come back I get to fight with the chat insta banning me again.
/me hugs Violet back
Already switched back to the old server.
/me goes into the TV and steals mr house's wallet
sniff I was all alone
a mibbit user seems to have connected successfully now, though.
Fluttershy would be a Druid Restoration class!
damn anyone else getting the puases?
that was the problem, right?
If I'm supposed to give reports, it's working fine for me
She'd get to be a tree!
/me hugs himself
use another browser, perhaps deleting cookies for this site fixes it
Nope.
omg
thats what i thought at first too
inb4 crossover
/me hugs RobotPinkie hugging himself~ ;3
oh waaait
sorry, was afk
10MrFish49 it's most likely on your end, is your internet speed particularly bad atm?
" I'll pay you to do your job, but in an amusing way "
/me uses :P
So ya
but after seeing the spell IS
five seasons say otherwise, cuddy
wasn't my first earthquake though :3
nope
I have a parasprite infestation
thats lovely
i was like DUDE Fluttershy in Boomkin raiment
bicyclerepairman so whats the rifter scale for the earthquake?
i feel bad for him tright there...
...
richter
its normal speed that i run evrything else on
rifter is a ship in eve hurp derp
oh. well i dunno what was then
/me hugs VioletVanilla hugging RobotPinkie hugging himself
missed an oprotunity
07Silfir the test will start in +- 1 hour
4.5
lol
i thought it was mibbit being banned
26
/me hugs Luna
only one using internet only chrome is open
THEN HE DIED
cute little one
10XD
Hahahaha
he will die
Hmm. Syas my name isn't registered. Odd.
10and MrFish49 I have nooo idea
lol you suck at math
Oh my god right now I love this show
ponify it :P
20
if its so cute
We were. >.>
OOOH
I loev this guy. :3
lol she will be touched
MR HOUSE IS GOING TO RAPE HER
07glad you do ;)
Welp.
05"make that 20
10 0_0
10XD
Dat look
2,14 oh god...this show...
30
Fluttershy could use epic shape change to become Yggsdrl
mh, my little earthquake?
I can haz Celestia-tier status?
this guy's off another show as well
CONDOMSSSS ARE GOOD FOR YOU
Wait, wait... Condoms?
60
lol
IS IT CONTAGEOUS
so now here i am now on my 3rd hour trying to draw Flutter in a Balance Druid getup with an awesome staff betwen her hooves
YOUR LIEING
/me 12remembers this episode.
CONDOMS
I'm so sick of all my workers whining.
07hey cross
Is the 200 person ceiling still imposed?
You get a cookie!
10mib_tz7nr6 hope not ;)
They arent whining
/me is wondering if /me works.
"Oh gee sir this weapon explodes when you attempt to fire it"
Take a shot every time he makes a patient cry
stupid girl
And it does.
Don't hold me responsible for the consequences
STOP CRYING DAMMIT
Is...
They are COMPLAINING
why you so dumb
Stress Test was at 4PM They said?
07oh my..
DONT TOUCH ME
Can someone do me a big favor? ; ;
Is that crying?
RARRRR
Or l-
PILLS
I think I'll design a gun SPECIFICALLY to kill them all.
:o
lol mad girl
Lupus looks a bit like Remus Lupin
Oh snap.
shit just got real
OH FOK
YOU
Fine, DON'T take the pills.
SHALL NOT
So I can hire some more less whiney ones.
Off air?
10mib_srsh3f 4pm is in 44 minutes
Does she have Lupus
yes
She got roped
Goddommot house
;_____;
IT'S NOT LUPUS
nope.avi
oh well now i feel like an ass
0lol it's funny reading the chat when you have the show muted XD
MR HOUSE
-_-
Loony loopy Lupin
oh, DeniedExistenceMobile, you need to connect to the channel on bronyserv.co.cc again
10dastrdlyW eeeeenope
Loony loopy Lupin
depends, Kiacat
I am attracted to people who hate me.
This is why I got raped.
SHE HAD BE RAPED BY HOUSE
...she annoy me, but being a brony means I should try to tolerate right now
I thought it was obvious.
NO
nope not even
It won't let me click them.
And House does?
God House, go make her cry some more
10Trainguyxx toleratetoleratetolerate
She's unbearable
Lawl.
I saw a sign board the other day.
brb
2,14 House knows everything dari :P
MY INTERNET SIGNAL TO MY ROOM SUUCKS! I HAAA---- er.... LOVE AND TOLERATE IT
mark
--- im trying rainbro
HELLO?
THIS IS GIRL
HOUSE MAKE ME CRY
OVER
I herdminded with the show.
ye
"If you 'love thy enemies', you've already won."
Dx
unbearable!
you trying to tolerate a fictional character on a tv show thats dumb
So is this a comedy or a tragedy?
It's confirmed. House has VD
tragicomedy
10Aponymous no u
This is what happens when MLP isn't on.
I'm just glad none of dem Ponies showed up!
better be ponies on the 17th
Rape is boring
Woo
This pony name is too high brow even for me.
but if i shot him i also won
Sorry lade rape is boreing.
2,14 there will be plenty of ponies on the 17th anon
I WANT YOU
Physically healthy? Didnt he say she had clamydia? :V
TO HEAL ME
Everypony's getting raped!
i can love him with a bullet
10sooo many ponies.
---
2,14 plenty. So much, we will all overload with happiness
15rape?
L&O: SVU? Rape is boring!
10Pony overload
Rope
There are never enough ponies.
So...
House is incredibly honest about his dishonesty
She came to talk.
42 minutes from now, the Stress Test will begin. Remember to spread this info around as much as possible.
so is eqd going to make a list of pony stream for the 17th?
she wants to get raped
0RAEP!
I'M RAPING YOU
its a HAPE!
wat
10I'm raping you.
OLOLOLOL
10LOL
House is getting raped!
me neither, sorry :-/
that worked!
Oh we're doing stress test?
XD
Take 'at
House got what he wanted
House is so sensitive
I NEED AN ADULT
whats the EST time right now?
why is she going batman when mad?
im gonna grape you
im being verbally raped
Whoa
10WhatPayne in 44 mins yeah. it's up on EqD
3:18 for me.
What kind of info? i'm still waking up from a nap. xD
I'D LIKE ONE BOTTLE OF NOT-DEAD PLEASE
WHAT'S THAT NO CURE
OH WELL
Trainguyxx vrape
That Wonderbolts-T actually looks good.
Hurp
I plan on living forever. So far so good.
Yes Cameron intrude on his decisions
panative care is for winners
Hiccup
NOPE
That'S why you became a doctor
Should I open this chat in multiple windows?
Can anyone else click them?
sure!
or?
Prize-winning hiccup treatment.
nub
IT'S LUPUS
Ha ha ha
OH
wat
HAHA
10It's hiccups.
WHAT.
What?
Whenever I get the hiccups, I hold my breath.
It usually works.
0_0 worst. stimiulation. ever
Oh
Ohai Ohai
Loony Loopy Lupin
Huh...
Anyone else planning to leave bronystate on overnight after the movie next week?
Darn, it has a big "RAINBOW DASH" on the back. Can't have that.
test tes test test
CG Gala :0 I recognize this name~
Hi
yep
Huh.....I guess all you need to get rif of parasites is now paraspritacide
Also recognized some others~ pwetty cool
Nice
Maeni: wait what? me?
I've been on this chat for 5 seconds
See House
Scarlet_Pimponyl: Should I?
We came back, better dressed.
Well, we did need the extra people, so I have returned.
I instantly love it
Damn black people.
Hi Anonimoose
So, I take it everyone knows about the stress test for the season 2 stream
Yus, you just reminded me of the Fallout Equestria clock thing~
07this pleases me
Not that I'm being a racist, it's just you know.
ON the bright side.
Focus! ;u;
Maeni: OMG lol. that was awesome.
WhatPayne in case the 200 limit is still on.
I think I just figured out why my fighters were blowing up every time they took off.
LOL
Welp.
MAGNETS HOW DO THEY WORK?!
:D
xD Did you see it happened again in one of the latest chapters?
that was scientific
Oh dear there's a limit?
Blag guy runs
SHE GOT RAPED AGAIN
/me also remembers this episode.
with tghe money
GOD DAMMIT
raped again
Turns out duct tape doesn't hold fuel tanks together very well...
I linked back to the same comics again :P
my sure was hard to find that magnet
Great. Now everyone will want intestinal magnets.
I LEAVE HER ALONE FOR TEN MINUTES
love this episode
Heh, the kid probably that was awesome, and will end up playing with it until it passes.
damn girl making everything difficult
So is this happening on the HUB right now?
yes.
o.o
This is only a distraction.
Nope
Someone banned us
pony house
This is recorded from the computer. :p
Needs more ponies
< Allis
eeyup
Ah, good!
why she so needy
I'm guessing Galo Sengen will be played during the stress test.
did the broadcast stop for anyone else just then?
but house
Maeni: nope, but i remembered the eight-hour clock appearing in Tenpony Tower after she explained it
No ponies for mibbit!
Ok, I gotta head to work
must.....stop.....watching......FAKE DRAMA DAMN YOU
House breaking out the PSP again
/me Product Placement PSP
and full of crazy
13"erm... my Norton blocked the page. Said it was known as a dangerous website... anyone have some more info on that?"
Maeni: need to read the chapters after 25 still >_<
later
House needs more sea ponies
Sounded like Forget-Me-Not, actually
Why does it stop every once in a while?
13One person said that.
Which ironically isn't a sony game
one good sea pony is lyra sea pony
PSP makes "bloop, bloop" sounds?
Indeedy
13But I think it's just Norton being a bitch.
i hope the stutters are fixed for s2
Retro games do
*only
I miss Shatter. ;-;
Shatter?
GCgala_ oh, darn, I didn't notice that in tenpony tower.. but yeah you totally should :P
Why is that familiar
Shatter is an awesome game.
What movie is this?
Is that that...
Breakout game?
This is House
Shatter is that breakout game.
I'm batman
I loved that game.
Maeni: no C in the name, btw :P
And it has an awesome soundtrack.
So what should I do to help with this stress test?
It's a breakout-type game that has its own unique system, and physics for the blocks. :p
no, you are Trainguyxx
Just be here.
It did
...oh, right
WhatPayne just stay on the stream
i am the night
I wanted to get the OST
I WANNA TALK ABOUT GETTIN RAPED
forgot for a second
07hold on for a bit .. the test is not yet ;)
But I didn't in the end
Okay!
you might get wet
Get raped
The OST should be on YouTube.
Talk about weather
Like a boss
GGgala_ Oh, sorry, I blame the chat :P
HOUSE SHE WANTS YOU TAKE A HINT
kripto http://sidhe.bandcamp.com/
Computer Graphics Gala!
how do they get away with streaming this stuff?
...Is anyone else able to click the next pages?
$3
Magic
House needs consensual sex?
They use magic
sounds good to me
6Everypony, the test will begin at 4PM EST. Right now is House being streamed by Luna.
streaming is magic
Chase needs sensitivity training, I think
Yeah, see
That requires paypal
I am austin powers
Sounds legit.
Which I can't use
so friendship?
because herp derp countries
SOUNDS LEGIT
FRIENDSHIP IS MAGIC
FRIENDSHIP IS MEDICINE
What are we ACTUALLY Streaming?
House!
/me hugs Luna for streaming
I am the Red Ranger
HOUSE!
Your right I dont
Curious...what are we gonna test for the Stress Stream Test?
THE ONLY CURE IS FRIENDSHIP
Lol
alwats bear
It's not you, it's me.
I can't
aponymous pony episodes
whoa... i just noticed how many new people we're getting.
This is interesting.
Will "yay" spam be allowed for the stress test?
two of them i think
Hugh does a good job hiding the fact that he is British in this show.
So no specific episode? Alright.
Sister, will you accept my FRIENDSHIP
no the only cure is sending her to the moon
me too
Quite a shit load o.O
2,14 spam is never allowed. It is against the rules
so is the stress test just for the fact of how many viewers their going to have?
I WANNA TALK ABOUT NOTHING
07Indeed he does Metal_Link
/me hugs Luna
=)
Talk about Lupus
WE WILL ALTER THE STREAM OF TIME ITSELF
; ;
Then I suspect 37 people will be kicked/banned for the word 'yay' alone.
WITH IDLE CONVERSATION
Some things block .co.cc sites.
I believe the keyword was "stress test."
STRESS
yay
07this is NOT the stress test
My Wife
stress test
I remember being in a chatroom where " Peep " was a banword
Life-long question: House or Whooves?
Hes right
kripto why is paypal an issue?
please help me
Because they are free domains they can often be used for bad purposes, spam, and whatever else.
Sethisto screwed up again?
Peep?
07the stresstest will start in a bit
6The stress test starts in half an hour everypony!
How about House AND Whooves
I drawed a squirrel :D
Country that isn't accepted by paypal.
nooo please
still a half hour to go
So, like, when is the hospital therapist going to be consulted
.co.cc pages are all removed from google searches even.
kripto :(
Also known as " Your goverment isn't paying us so you don't exist "
I was of the impression this is an realistic show
6Right now is just regular scheduled streaming. THE STRESS TEST WILL BEGIN AT 4PM EST as advertised on EQD.
Similar thing being done by Sony.
You guys are in the wrong IRC.
House is semi-realistic
But at least they let me proxy through croatia.
Remember me!!!
Oh?
Except for the werewolves
yay
HAHAHA
i wuv lyra
Scrubs is generally considered the most realistic medical show ever
yes it is
AHA
suddenly rape
Pretty much
ding
Someone wanted to fuck you
And you were there
EVERYTHING IS RATIONAL
It's pretty fucking rational
ey wus raep
ScrubsFTW
house raped her
12When are we running the test for Hub streaming today?
irc.bronyserv.co.cc
case solved
:P
Comment from EqD. MarCelo: "If the Mane6 Fighting is Magic stream hit more than 3000 people.. God, I don't want to know how many will be there watching the 1st episode of the second season..."
Kripto what country?
Everypony's gettin' raped!
074 pm eastern cross
Serbia, funly enough.
6Norton Anti-virus is a virewall that blocks internet relay chat and sites at times.
"yay" (let's face it. When Derpy does something during an episode. The chat would explode in text.)
chat won't even be readable lol
Oh yeah... shit
Muffins
MUFFINS...
3000?! Well, this is going to be fun when it actually airs then.
Too many messages, chat'll be going at 88MPH
House got shot like four times
kripto how the hell is serbia not on the list? O.o
if this is playing now, what starts in an hour?
SHE SAID MUFFINS!!!11!!
She wubs u
I remember when Rainbow Dash came into Pinkie Pie's room in Party of One
I don't want to hurt any of you fine people, but chances are good I'm going to watch the episode, not the chat
I have no idea, dashite.
lol RP
12Oy vey, I must be out of it. Are you Luna, Sathi?
oh ma god muffins
But it ain't.
Ahhhh
chat was full of cupcakes
Might cover the chat with a window or something
07correct ;)
Roleplaying.
XD
Point taken.
Are we role playing, house?
House like roleplaying as Celestia
Are you trying to seduce me?
lets fun
/me invandes other channel
"3
Almost a hundred? Do we get that much during the week?
dang buzzwords
if you want you can have the stream on fullscreen
96
Science etcetera
watch it here first then watch as many times possible before next ep
so you don't have to look at chat at all
12Alright, why the switch? For Season 2 rooms and such, or just messing around?
So like
13Not typically. lol Only during BMN :P
Did I miss when they called the therapist
sweet i love house
There, nick is registered.
lol Chase
sup bronies
Like that single best line from SPAZ
Tell her it's Lupus
hello?
fucking aussies
13 100! This is... not quite Sparta
tell her you raped someone once
05haha
" THE HULL HAS BEEN BREACHED AND THE SCIENCE IS POURING OOUUUUT "
Tell her friendship is magic
Yo themar... marewho.. god damnit!
Yo!
07I just liked Luna more ;)
Ha ha ha
lol
The topic confuses me...
30 minutes to Batman Beyond?
wakeup
Wow Dr Whoves is a douch!
07and I was using it more and more eventually decided to switch over
Tell her the truth, it was actually House that did it
^
just double click my name
afk stress test readygo
yeah... that topic is obsolete right now
/me 12understands. Sounds good.
She told me my crafts were ugly.
oh house u so liar
It WAS THE GRANDMA!!!!!
temporarily.
Good afternoon ponies
It was the butler!
what is the goal for viewers?
07I hope you like it ;)
Pinkie Stalking Dashie, what's not to love? http://www.synchtube.com/r/IsaacShark#
'Afternoon
But then, who was rape?
It will happen...?
asdf
2,14 however many we can get
Hopefully more than we get for normal movie nights. :p
gah i have to go so ill miss the stress test
No House, you are the parents.
olma
And then House was Vicodin
i like where this is going
Banana Fight
oman
If anything special happens, sure, if I'm still there by then, Aponymous
yeah
does anyone know what time during the day s2 will stream
Alright. Thank you, Maeni.
it already happened today, technically
Throw the CHEESE!!!
13TO THE MOOOONNNNNAAAA!
Hat 9am EST
07Hat when it airs
You don't know me rape!
so season two will be streamed here?
:3 no worries, I'll probably be here
yeah
but dari called take-back
Hat: When it airs on the Hub.
because of derpage or something
ahh
I wanna be a pie!
9am thanks
9 eastern right
2,14 eeyup NoOne. Live stream on the 17th :P
Everything is because rape
HOW DARE YOU TRY TO COMFORT ME
BILLY NO
because your a woman
yay
I don't like this one
Will she die?
9am EST? T~T
Harold do you like my new shoes
Hi! :D
13Yup its at 9am est.
A series of tubes
T~T
You are a chair, darling
only at 9? or replay later?
finally, dead island has disoatched
13Earrrrrly.
LIFE IS THE ROOM!!!
oh dari :P
dispatched*
Sounds right to me~
Life is a series of rooms?
Nipples?
I CAN DREAM HAROLD!
13I think it replys later in the day too.
So was Modern Warfare HOOOOOOOO
House/Cube crossover is go
2blue
nice
Can we get to the part with the freaky medical condition
LMAO
THE LIFE IS NOT A TRUCK
Hmm. Do I want to get up ay 5AM for the livestream
Life is a series of rooms, but the internet is a series of tubes.
6Late for me~ ;3
Piano!!
Anybody played the game Rooms?
IT IS A SERIES OF ROOMS
nice hat!
Go Rainbow Dash!
heyyyyyy
YES
TOMMY WISSUEA WOULD BE PROUD
11pm AEST
Would have been hilarious if they actually went with "a box of chocolates" and still kept it this dramatic and serious-faced :V
And where is the damn therapist
suddenly this topic is obsolete too >_>
9 am is early even on the east coast
purple Octavia?
DUN DUN DUN
oh shit
13Well, I meant a second time VV :P
omg Daz
Is there any plan for the PST replay?
wat a tweest
Looks pink to me
NOOOOO!!!!
be in the arternoon for me
Life is dick When it gets hard you have to beat it
NOOOO GOD NOOO
13And yes Daz, using this color as I can see it much better :P
My time machine worked it really wor....
6True Octavia~ X3
ohay Daz
MY STATE IS SIMILAR
This bitch be crazy!
Waiting for season 2.............
Rape does not usually cause pregnancy statistically
so far AWAY!
GGgala_, I rarely have time on the Internet now. It's kinda sad, but yea don't expect me to come on here very often anymore. But i'll remember you ofc ; ). Same to you RobotPinkie :P
D:
13Anonoma you mean the second time it airs on the 17th later in the day?
That guy... :P
nipply boobs
S2 is the deadline for my fic
poor you.
i could see, and preferred, the dark grey Octavia ;__;
EVERY SPERM IS SACRED
HopeNForever but this is TV
deadline?
God dommot
Daz: aww. :D ever on skype?
Because Seth is gonna get spammed with a million of them
lol bumperstickers
Why not just borrow someone's TARDIS?
So who is streaming? Luna?
You're just being argumentative
aw :(
Hitler?
My child is hitler
I assume the Hub, like most channels, has two broadcasts, one for EST and one for PST
I want to talk but I don't want to talk
Yes!!!
HEIL HITLER
Godwin's? in MY network TV?
Probably not even a week... An entire month.
and then hitler was a pony
GGgala_, i do have skype, so i guess I am sometimes on. but it's the internet, not bronystate, that i don't have very much time on.
I like pink Octavia. Dark grey name + pink text. :)
oh dear god can we get to the freaky medical condition now
Will our bodies ever be ready?
rape baby > raby > rabies
also RobotPinkie it's aired in Spain! \o/
Octavia's eyes are pink-ish so it's fine.
I suppose.
Kind of.
yeah I heard Daz, it's nice
13And the cutie mark, is... purple. So eh.
it'll air in a couple of weeks here
well, duh
Daz: ahh. :( well hope things change soon
Oh damn my Firefox is derping again... I'll hafta reboot
im watching Dr. House!
Hoose
Back. Did anything happen on House while I was away? o_o
House M.D.
lol
sure will GGgala_!! in about 2 or 3 weeks when 'this thing' is sorted, i'll be on as much as before =D
Still waiting on the freaky medical condition, Aponymous
the hub airs season 2 at 6am west coast/9am east coast
Daz: :D
So what happens at 4 again?
Well he's getting a little more out of this girl
Ah.
she doesnt want an abortion, she's religious so yeah~
europe 14:00 GMT
The last of my journey!
13As for a second streaming on the 17th. I think the Hub is replaying it later in the day, but I'm unsure at this time if we're streaming the replay later in the day.
Come with me!
A Stress Test with a random pony episode.
2,14 at 4 we're having a live stream of the HUB and other tv channels
House is like "durr, just kill the fetus ffs ._ ."
i want to go play space marines but id rather be part of something
I hope so, Daz, #bronystate isn't the same otherwise
Daz: awesome. if you wanna talk about 'that', i'll be around
something AWSOME
Wait so is the stream going to be 9AM PST?
Hi everyone
forever alone
9am east
The reason I'm unsure about watching season 2 on a stream is that my internet likes to die
6Dalies and Mentlegen, the stress test will be starting in approx.. 20 minutes. Thank you.
Without reason
The HUB huh? Like that show about puppies. "Secret butt fun" is it?
only 90?
And I'll flip the fuck out if I miss out on anything.
Wait...9AM PST for the first S2 FiM Episode?
That was weird
I live in EST, so...
Here for the stress test.
2,14 EST
Ah.
Thank you, Val.
so, what are we waiting for?
13Yes, 9am ET on the 17th is when the premiere is
9AM ESt. My body is ready
I like ponies.
9 AM Eastern Daylight Time.
That's... what in GMT?
EST is GMT+4, right?
Twenty minutes...
13And we'll be streaming it live
is it EST or EDT? lol
Anybody here from the west coast?
EDT is GMT -4.
no
I'm here for the black background - saves energy
hey guys
Time zones. I will never understand them.
what network is this on?
lol
you only like ponies?
EST is GMT-5
6ESTD
kripto come for the chat, it the stream dies, it'll be up elsewhere within house.
VLC player
IS THIS HOUSE? LIVE?
Will it re-air later in the day?
not live ASFCommand
6EST*
It's fine, but thanks aniways GGgala_. Soooo. what episode is this?
So-Cal Brony here.
well I love ponies, but I don't want people to tease me :(
I know, but
oh
what is on the hub?
ASFCommand, this ain't live, but iti s House
right now
you know, this stress test doesn't seem quite as effective if it's not testing the new IRC servers, too >_>
2,14 this is a prerecording of House, the actual stress test starts in 20 minutes
ah
According to the Hub schedule, there will be two MLP episodes back-to-back from 9 to 10
SoCal here as well!
Oh my, a religious debate~
I'm sad that I'm the only SC Brony here. :<
dat 'stress test' terminology
EST is -5, we're on EDT right now though which is -4
part 1 and 2?
RAGEQUIT
Greetings fellow bronies!
thanks. ValtheJean
Haha! GREETINGS.
ahoi there
East coast, Florida here.
:3
All you guys.
keep ur rabies?
Oh god. Mixing House and religion.
Are on the wrong server.
:P
OKAY GUISE RELIGIOUS DEBATE TIME
rape baby is a fun word
no.jpg
I dident put my normal name because this room is full..alot xD
its a religous house
also wrong
I CAN'T BELIEVE GOD DOESN'T LOVE ME WHAT DO
Hahaha
Dr. House is a bitch
Silfir: two words! even better.
House is such atheist
6The stress test will begin at 4PM EST. Right now you are watching a recorded stream of House M.D
but house is right
I am fucking you forcibly because I actually love you and want to help you.
This is a flame war waiting to happen...
Hey everyone.
got tired of typing it over and over
fuck religion :<
How are ya all?
lol
*smack*
bug is a universe
Doing fine, Keepvogel.
Fuck religion indeed mate,
Flame war, in here?
Evolution for tha win :D
Well, duh
NMM
So that means you're streaming 1 PM where I live ...
induring shitstorm!
See? Equestria makes it easy: we all just worship our supreme overlord Trollestia.
*facepalm*
nice desktop
I'm okay with this
**clopping**
lol...flash to the desktop
PHILOSOPHY FLABABABAB
Hi Ghosties
Silly House.
I thought Feeling Pinkie Keen took care of this.
what is the max number of users in this chat?
It doesn't have to mean anything!!!
dont suppose i could get a link to correct server
No ultimate consequences, but there are immediate consequences.
6The stress test will begin at 4PM EST. Right now you are watching a recorded stream of House M.D
Guys...someone went OP in here.
best money maker regiolen
OMG. Infinite texts!
I think the goal is to have no maximum
yo guise wut time is it in est now
so, I got a few questions, it says that the next stream is in one day 3 hours, what is he gonna stream about? is this not live right now?
fuck yeah, this is going on autojoin
Hello?
Some of us here are actually religious
NO WAI
Celestia is the best Godking
3:39.
3:40
http://wwp.greenwichmeantime.com/time-zone/usa/eastern-time/
It's 3:40pm right now.
No shit you were raped.
It is know 3:41 Eastern Daylight Time
It would be 3:40.
/me 3:40 EST currently.
Infinitates textus? Mathematicus impossibleatus!
Oh god shut up
thx brooooooooos
We figured it out you say it once per minute
13#:40
Hello everypony :3
" Hey I've been raped "
My computer has 3:39.
Fucking time zones, how do they work
Hi Octavia
Holy Jesus, House, just tell the truth.
Hello
Crisp, badly. :p
~
xD
hey Gr4veM1nd
Hello
next question: which time is best time?
Hello everyone! This is great! :D
Dumbass hobo
*dies*
Crisp, agreed
Hi Maeni
So like, Cameron watches this guy kick the bucket
irc.bronyserv.co.cc
?
PSST ITS ALL ABOUT 12:40 PACIFIC TIME HERE
Like a boss!
and there goes the bald one
Hm. Around 3:38 to 3:42
And people are laughing when someone died...
Oh god, he's dead.#
happy fun time
Just wondering if the chat's still on.
6The stress test will begin at 4PM EST. Right now you are watching a recorded stream of House M.D! Thank you for coming to BronyState Theatre! ^.^
gentlecolts, you can put EST in additional clocks on Windows
Because he wants her to?
Or just go to either the dinkypage or .co.cc link
lol, my computer has 2:41
10hey it's 9.40 pm here :D
Humanity is weird.
Need more ponies, GET IN HERE!!!
http://wwp.greenwichmeantime.com/ <-- There, use that.
episode 24 on a basil channel had over 1000 viewers, you need much more people then that for proper test =)
Eh...kinda. It's veeery slow.
It's 3:40 AM here
0:x sowwy
its 9 40 pm here too! :DD
THEN HOUSE STARTED SPARKLING
BronyState Theatre FTW.
is this the wrong page? I got send here bu Equestria Daily
That there sounds like a prerecorded message
Filly?
here too :D
wow, talk about reverse time.
6Same here Talies.
and the logo are my 6 favorite mares
Unicorn, Pegasi or...Earth Pony?
8.40 here
House is my hero
:/
its 5am here ><
more ponies, okay, pinkie pie, next...
unicorn!
Pegasi.
Definitely Pegasus.
Hat wat xD
0oooh this is the episode with Grey Room by Damien Rice!!!
Unicorn
I might be wrong, but right now it doesn't seem like anyone has Lupus in this episode
God sent House. Obviously
House is the charm
I want to be a pegasus :3
hawkeye92: Sounds like you're on GMT +1 timezone.
0it's so beautiful, I love Damien Rice
unicorn :D
Earth pony.
i've become nocturnal so i can watch bronystream :p
slooooow
It's 9:41 PM at my clock
oh snap i'll have to get up at 4AM to watch the show streaming live after October. NOOOOO
07correct Silfir
22:41
stress test begins at 1pm pacific bronies
/me If I were a pony, I'd be a unicorn.
6Because she is super purple pretty like Luna! ;o
Me!!!
I'd be a tree
/me hugs Lunau
Anyone around here from Coachella Valley
xD
what
WHAT
/me hugs Luna
It's the right page.
Wow usually Pegasi overwhelmingly take the cake but they seem tied with Unicorn. Interesting!
For anyone living at GMT 8, Make AM to PM
better
WHAT
6The stress test will begin at 4PM EST. Right now you are watching a recorded stream of House M.D! Thank you for coming to BronyState Theatre! ^.^
Dr. whoves is a dick
Unicorns have magic and hornboners.
If I'm an earth pony I get a shot with Carrot Top and hey, dream fulfilled.
fluttershy is the best tree
i'd be unicorn
But you either need to restart your browser, or refresh the page.
Sup bronies?
Unicorn :D
VioletVanilla when are we going to see your new About page?
So many people
Because I updated the mibbit links.
Pegasus for the win...
So we're on a different server.
/me Lunahugs are besthugs
hello?
So, is she killing the rape baby now
0here you go the song :3
Unicorns should be preferred, but I just like pegasus because of the freedom...
Pegasuses > Unicrons, Filthy Earth Ponies.
Extreme Measures are being taken right now!! http://www.synchtube.com/r/IsaacShark#
well, the stress test is soon
COLETRAIN! How dare you call Whooves a dick! >:|
07SlurryMoon soon
There are 127 people in there now.
coletrain, how exactly does 'Whoves' even resemble 'House' slightly?
I'm a terrible person
0When I've been here before
10is there a viewer counter somewhere?
aaand im gone
Well not quite as many people as on friday BMNs
6The stress test will begin at 4PM EST. Right now you are watching a recorded stream! Thank you for coming to BronyState Theatre! ^.^
hey, keep racism out of here
Whoves.
Glorious pegasi master race
if the live stream starts off with the hub, the first show will be Batman Beyond
HOW THEM WEENIE EARTHY PONIES TREATIN' YA?
all ponies are equal
aha
Dr. Whouse
Buck you all, I'd be alicorn
lol pony racism
0Rarity is the best pony tho
let's face it, there's no good play on words to make house anythign pony related
bronystate is streaming dr house
lol
so, the stream im watching is not hub?
On A Cross and Arrow Voice Casting Call
whats the EST time right now?
Unicorn is best kind of pony
Dr. Carousel Boutique? :|
EMeasures, no colors please.
not yet
Do not fret, we Unicorn shall rise to educate these lesser Pony races.
3:44
rarity is a bitch... Twilight is the best pony!
3:40am est now
No, Luna i best.
Dr. Pony?
ON A CROSS AND AN ARROW FTW
im confused
PM i mean
unicorns get to have horns, which touch
/me 13is best pony?
PM, not AM.
Dr. House -ponified- Dr. Stable
that's pretty cool
0Rarity is a bitch and Twilight sucks her horn
i am a pegisi
Me too. >.>
bronystate and dinky page both send me here
Someone hasn't read the chat topic.
i'm Gordon Freeman
Dr. Stable! Makes sense.
Who the fuck just said something bad about rarity
3:44 AM here
6Octavia is best pony! :3
/me hugs Octavia
ewww the rape episode
I like Dr Stable
Wonder what House's Cutie Mark is? A cane? A............Cane?
6but so is Luna~ <#
new comics on eqd
Octavia is best pony, for sure!
13Yayy!
There's a chat topic?
Luna is best pony
the stream is right, but the chatroom is wrong for you.
Foosball
Dr Stable is cool
6<3
Octavie is not best pony, IMO.
the? i could've sworn there were more then one
/me 13hugs RobotPinkie
Dr. Stable it is!
07Yay
ok, so let me get this straight, this is not the right page, the only reason I got in this chat is because the stream got moved?
LUUUUNA
8:44 here
stupid laptop hard drive
The memorable one.
0*Shakes fists* shut up docs, lemme hear the song
This is the first time I've ever watched house -_-
pm
How do we get to said chat then?
*Octavia.
2:45 around here
Octavia is best mod though.
is it bad that i've never seen house
/me hugs Octavia too
/me hugs octavia and luna
Rainbow Dash is best
Ok, let me clarify, there is no best pony, everypony from mane 6 is best some way
from any other angle, this scene would look silly as fuck
God dommot house
lag?
Octavia: You are loved :)
All for Dr. House's pony name to be Dr. Stable, type yay.
07did you like it Scottyloo?
oh look a luna
21:44
They're ALL best pony
/me hugs Luna and Octavia tightly~
Title drop
To me, Applebloom is best pony. Ololol.
aha much better
it failed and had to reformat to facory settings :(
YAY
they are all best pony~
except snips and snails, they suck
/me tackle hugs luna
13So many hugs <3
I liked the 30 seconds that I actually saw :P
i agree with silfir
ALSO! Today I learned October is named after the Greek god Octavia.
6SCOOTALOO! SCOOT SCOOTALOOOOOO!!!
0XD
Luna is best pony because stream is smooth
:O
Scoot scoot.
refresh the page? that works for me. it shouldn't be loading this chatroom...
yup they suck
Luna is best streamer. Although Sumica is pretty close behind with Burn Notice...
Yeah, I can't actually pick the best pony.
boss beatzz
0that's not how you call a chicken dude
15 minutes left
I personally like Snails
everyone's best, but we each have our favorite
/me hugs #bronystate
luckily i had 85% of my pony backed up
15 of what now? Secret Butt fun?
I love Octavia's color contrast with grey and pink.
Well it did.
Sped up House
SO
0sound derp
Octo is simply the word for eight
Flootarshai is best pony
Luna? Too mainstream
trixie and twilight had relations and we all know it
Thanks Dashite
@:D
what now?
That is not how you call a chicken.
I like the end theme though
ah, this is better, now I can use my own name!
Because...magicks!
Did for me too
4l
Welp, I'll be playing Shatter in the meantime.
Lawl
This music reminds me of Metroid Prime
Uhm, you all talking about ponies now? has it started for others? o.O
hrm
Dat sound derp
15 min intermission?
srsly
13VV lol Makes me think of the Sparta remix :P
See you guys in 14 minutes. :3
And Octobor was the tenth month in the roman calendar
anypony having a hard time making the video full screen?
lol i thought that was interference on my headphones
eight
ok, back
/me hugs robotpinkie back
/me October is named after the greek god Octavia -gasp-
th
yeah end credits x1.2 :D
D:
0:o
*
Hello fellow bronies! <3
0at the gala
We'll have to fix that and get 100% of your Pony backed up
Gala!
:DDDDD
13At the Gala!
OMG
THE BEST NIGHT EVER!
TEH GALA
What IRC network is this on?
0\o/
THE BEST NIGHT EVER!
YES
UH OH
AT THE GALLA
at the gala
BEST NIGHT EVER
T THE GALA
:O
Sumica and trippy Daft Punk movie. :p
15 minutes 'til stressy stress test
SO MUCH TEXT.
AT THE GALA~
Holy shit
On your own SAN
YAY
GALAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
ohp mlp
BEST EVA
wut?
AT THE GAAALAAAAAA
Actual ponies
6AT THE GALA! IN THE GARDEN! <3
at the gala
crank volume up
cool song bro
The stream somehow paused. D:
YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE ME!
YAY!
:D
Why is the screen frozen for me...
Go to Gallah (LIKE A BAWS)
I have audio but no horizontal or vertical
AT THE GAAALAAAAAAA
title drop in the song
i'm at the gala!
This makes me happy!
gala
Look at the text spam. This is S2 Ep 1 divided by 20
THE CAMERA IS BROKEN!
THE BEST SONG EVAAAH
i don't pay attention and then suddenly, gala out of nowhere
wow turbo chat
i cant see ponies
i love you!
Best Pony song ever?
Where's Flutterage?
I think theres a few people here doctor-whooves
WORST NIGHT EVER!
NOOOOOOEEEEES D:
AAAAH WHERE R THEY
I'm pretty sure he's playing the song
Crisp, video is paused.
Forever
yay
wait...when did house change it's credit's theme song?
I hear at the gala, but see House credits
Screen is frozed for all, Crisp.
gimme some
Camera is broken!
hungry ponies
gimme some
think of this as intermission
4GIMME SOME
I'll be back in a bit.
O_O I have no words for this song's awsomness
Fair enough.
Camera broke.
13Inb4 Dash's part is the best
no ponies, just voices
lol Trainguyxx
Hi
fimme some xD
lolz
Same here Kintexu
just lost a bunch of wallpapers, and the lastest drawfreind
i think witer wrap up is the best one
it's just music no video
Hungry hungry ponies
My friend on Steam told me about this
The broke is cameran
lol
leeeee
SPY SAPPING MAH CAMERA!
Dashy <3
6DARI'S FAVORITE PART
it is the opening act of tonight
At The Gala is such a good song, so much effort was put into this, with Winter Wrap up its the best around, big Disney Movie quality for just one episode, its amazing
8)
AWWWWWWWWWWW
NOOOOOOOOOOO
Dash's part is the best.... wait
o0o0
YEAH!!
YES
Anthology!
:DDDD
