07:S
13lol
oh
Where what Synros?
change everypony can believe in
*After Roberto's Performance*-
Well
6inb4 new black fuhrer of Germany
We have one good singer.
Oh!
13...
/me 4grabs his crotch
Now I get it
6<.>
/me 13sobs, "Oh Celestia, I can't even wink out of the room anymore, I'm /useless/." She rolls on the ground wallowing in...in...whatever it is ponies wallow in.
nice
4why?....
*starts humming equestria girls*
13:|
Roberto your in the singing con..
Wait
/me 13pokerfacew
If he's the only good singer, I guess he's actually already the winer.
/me pokerfaces
Synchtube is trrbl. Always dropping connection.
How can it be a contest with only one pony?
/me 4falls to the floor in the fetal position
/me okay.jpg faces.
13So much pokerface
Hurray for Roberto!
Seems working fine for me give it some time
Is Pinkie Pie around to throw a party?
5because...
ATTEMPT 4
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO HIS LOINS?
Stars off pretty slow at first
Give it up for Roberto. Who won the contest before it started.
/me pulls away a bit later, simply breathing hard and staring at Silvermane. "You...."
Yes.
/me absconds to his corner
She is.
wow random disconnect
13Ick.
/me calls Pinkie Pie.
6Obama making a guest appearance on MLP
Dunno what it is. My net's not slow.
Pinkie Pie: Hello?
6D:
Fantastic
!seen DerpyBot
Look into my eyes.. 6_9
/me puts her front hooves on mexican's shoulders.
It works fine, then just quits.
/me says "Time to throw a party."
9_6
6It did that to me earlier Val. . . o:
5also steampunk scratch http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-uR-Rs168VOk/TmlpDB6YRSI/AAAAAAAALww/QYbamCKBmEE/s1600/55091+-+DJ_P0n-3+artist+filipinoninja95+steampunk+vinyl_scratch.png
Pinkie Pie: Oh boy! A party! Everypony is invited!
6_9
5http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-uR-Rs168VOk/TmlpDB6YRSI/AAAAAAAALww/QYbamCKBmEE/s1600/55091+-+DJ_P0n-3+artist+filipinoninja95+steampunk+vinyl_scratch.png.
I'd link the Obama pony...but I'm too lazy to upload it to photobucket :P
!Plot
*wigglewiggle*
brb
fff
Ok everyone, Pinkie Pie is going to plan a party.
!datass
All of you are invited.
13lol I think I've seen it.
/me is totally not afraid of seeing the interview images on his photobucket <.< >.>
Aw.
Woo!
/me 4gets up
4ah god
/me huffs. "What do you have to say for yourself?"
(Timeout)
plot?
/me looked back at Metal RPing
4why am i even going to try this again?
(Roleplay Timeout)
that reminds me
I watch it for the plot
6NOPE.avi!
SuperBrony
lol, I quit that chat
Why is it just the two of us taking over chat now?
Pony slang for BUTTS.
It's..
!datplot
I had to make a bunch of plots in matlab today
/me 15was away for ONE FUCKING MINUTE and now has no idea what to do or say
Wierd.
goddamn it was hard
lol
matlab is horrible
/me 4starts to go towards the bed to restrain Fluttershy again
whoever remains there is just a lost soul to me now :P
lol
it is
(Roleplay Timein)
07soooo you want a newsletter?
What "chat", there's a lot of ponies in the auditorium still.
/me turns to glare at DecapKing. "Rrr..."
15DecapKing, leave her be please
I don't even know how you could make a decent-looking plot using matlab.
07I can send one if you wish
im back
yes, you know it's gonna be alright
(the hell does that mean? lol)
Yeah, but they're quiet.
did i miss something?
(please tell me you got the reference)
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
/me 4steps back
plot(x,x+1)
Nope.
6If it is from you yes! :DD
there that's a plot
!muffinkiss
/me regurgitates a whole, fresh looking muffin and approaches Spin, showing her most adorable kissing face
07yes yes )
in matlab and it still looks like ass
/me huffs, turns back to Silvermane, suddenly quiet.
oh god, this conversation
6I. . . . I think I might Val. . .
Maybe somebody needs to get them all to make some NOISE!
/me is content now :P
/me 13flies out the window, sobbing softly. "Oh, I had no idea..." She flaps wobbily and disappears into the night.
!flip
/me flips a muffin
Well, they're just speechless after that performance
/me catches the muffin with her hoof, correct side up
Oh.
plot is a math thing
GRRM, I mean literally. Plot = butt.
15Dammit Tink...
Anyway, the party at Sugarcube Corner?
Well guys Imma go to bed.
Cya.
plot is also pony slang for butt
!link plot macro
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
We can continue this tomorrow
:/
and now ass was mentioned
4should i try to go after her?
oh wait,
really?
at 12 PM maybe
But what about the party?!
DRAWFRIEND
we watch it for the plot
Roleplay will cont..
4or go to a hospital?
...
ok
15If you would please *sigh*
13I havent gotten a Newsletter yet. o.o When are they sent out?
Fine we'll finish the party tonight.
15maybe both
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/drawfriend-stuff-179.html
^^ lol
=D
mexican; agreed
thatsthejoke.crx
trying to read all the statements in different contexts is hilarious XD
07you need to be added to the list..
/me and all the other ponies arrive at Pinkie's Party.
whenever there is something to announce :P
07want me to add you?
6ADD ME!!
Woo! Party!
07*nods*
Pinkie Pie! The party legend!
15Fluttershy... *sigh* well now ain't I in quite the bind.
Congratulations to Roberto!
13I said yes a while ago Luna :P
Yep.
/me noms cake
Cheers to the first and only person to win the contest and a good singer!
Cheers.
Trying to make plots (pony butts) in matlab
13Last time we talked about the Newsletter <3
lulz
/me 4goes towards the door, and looks back at the bed as he goes out the door
/me looks down, voice soft again. "Sorry..."
ponies are awesome
Person? What's that?
but as for improvements
Roberto.
again, the more stuff we have to announce
the better our newsletter looks
Defining Person, Roberto.
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/4839
/me points to idea thread he made today
User_4389: PFFT Ponies are gay grr I like FOOTBALL!
also User_4389 , your nick is very similar to that ponibooru link
Oh ok
Yeah... streaming is a no go until I can get the NST to look at my connection.
damn my internet is terrible
(The one human in Ponyville, of course.)
15No Shy-Shy, I'm sorry. I never meant to mislead you. I'm not that promiscuous despite what the rumors say. Although I am a bit friendly towards fillies, it's partly hero complex.
Twilight told me this picture is about macro rarity twilight_sparkle plot fluttershy
Wh..
also Sathi, if you want me to handle the emails I'll more than happily do that for you
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/4839
/me 4starts to go after MirthTinker as fast as he can with a bruised groin and broken rib
(That wasn't in the program >_<)
No, he's a pony.
dammit
my internet is terrible
Well of course
I once got a "default" username here called "User_1337"
...so
who knows some good fanfic?
He's standing right over there
I was about to ask you guys
I don't think there are HUMANS in ponyville.
and for that moment I was extremely awesome
/me ears lower as she listens, nodding dumbly. "Oh... I... I see."
07e-mails is fine i'm more concerned about the looks of our newsletter
why do you call horsebutts plot?
Ponyville + Human don't match.
mexican: what are your preferences?
Never heard of that race before...
13Hmmm... graphic designing...
I think the correct show-established term is flank
You know, I have zero idea.
hmmm
13Whats it look like right now?
Gorge_RR_Martin, idk
I dunno where plot came from
I think it came from the internet.
Human race. People who do more than us.
oh
well, i liked cupcakes
Well, but we're ponies. We can do whatever we want.
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/list/plot macro/1 might hold the answer
I don't know.
well, we could always make a little border image for it
Oh...well...hurray for the humans for doing stuff!
like with some Pony gifs and whatnot
well, now it's going to be weird whenever my professor explains to us how to plot things in matlab
but im not looking for somethink like that now
Gorge: It comes from an old internet meme with anime where you take pictures of things like panty shots and put text saying I watch it for the plot so people began using it the same joke but with MLP
What about George R.R. Martin?
*After Pinkie's Party*
/me takes off after MirthTinker.
I'm not sure how emails imbed those images into the text
13Val be trying to steal mah ideas... >.>; Grab'em!
Nice party, Pinkie. See ya.
D:
/me goes home.
/me runs
07hang on sending you all the old one
13Haha. XD
that was my other name
/me 15tries sitting up. "Perhaps i was coming on a bit strong. You just seemed so timid, I couldn't help but try and protect you. However, in this reality, I am with MirthTinker. Now, if you want to talk to her, go right ahead, she normally listens to reason."
Been fun, we should do it again sometime!
4you got this DE?
yep
!link fanfic
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/37837
Uh......
Ok now i'm going to bed.
From another time.
Cya guyz.
Okay, night.
Tomorrow at like maybe 11 AM
6I did some web design first year of Uni, I could probably figure embedding out. . .
'Night everypony.
(PST?)
See ya tomorrow!
4ok, im going to go get something to numb the pain
Been fun.
Later
CDT.
I like that people draw pink mane/tailed Celestia, but if I recall she has pink wings too lol
15(inb4 vodka)
Central Daylight Time like the time in texas.
Okay then, see ya
/me 4goes off towards the town hospital
/me begins to gain on MirthTinker, being a more experienced flier.
K bye!
13I was going to volunteer to perhaps help with the design as well. lol
oh
confound these bronies...they drive my email to be stacked with facebook updates
/me blinks, then sighs and flies off, landing gracefully on the ground.
(So...we still roleplaying?)
At the end of ASDF 4 you can see what really happened when Celestia banish Luna to the moon.
Yeah so since image #4839 was posted, people jokingly associated plot with horse flanks
oh
/me shrugs
wings are always the same color as the main part of the pony
oh
!link asdf_movie
(Brb)
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
6Dat grass~
but they're cartoon ponies
GRRM, love your books but you drag your feet and its getting boring.
(K, I guess that's it for roleplaying)
/me 4starts to come back to the apartment, nearly just as soon as he left it
07u has mail?
It's like you're killing me slowly
I'm too fat and eat too many lemoncakes Keyframe
so no fanfic?
With this book
with this book
Well, with that out of the way, who's ready for Season 2?!
another 5 years until Winds of Winter comes out
eeyup
>>
15Not saying anything about how interested I would or wouldn't be in you, but it isn't fair to her. (dammit you have no idea how hard it is to turn down f***ing Fluttershy of all ponies)
6I does has mail!! O:
4what kind of fucking hospital closes?
/me gets within yelling distance of MirthTinker.
07zomg
4DONE
wow FimFiction slooks 120% cooler
and I'll probably die before A Dream of Spring comes out
but yeah, I'm thinking border image
How the hell does Pinkie Pie's table lamp work it's not plugged in what the heck.
07suddenly GHOSTIES!
Magic
Ouch, guess no-one...
Pinkie Pie bends reality, remember
Oooh right
/me 4grabs the medical kit from the cabinet
batteries?
I mean
Slow down Mirth!
and maybe every block has its own imbedded cube iamge
image*
She MOVED that one wipe
13Ah, okay.
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
with different characters as the theme
She stole the dying sun of a tiny star system.
13I want to make it all pretty now. <3
Pinkie Pie bends reality
and defies all logic and science
07so you all agree it needs love?
and maths
6Hold on, figuring out embeds.
6Yus!! <3
13I don't know how! *Sniff* Silvermane did this to me damnit!
in fact...the boxes could be REALLY easy to make
and the 4th wall
And meth.
Lots and lots of meth
And has inflatable hair.
/me raises a hand
/me pulls her wings to her side with the same slowness, her eyes wet. "I... I understand..."
all I'd need is a vector image of each of the mane ponies and I could whip them out lickety split
(oh really? that hard? o-o)
I will get you down, give me a second!
Back
Most ponies are AFK, but OCD requires I check in on all chatrooms I'm in every 10 minutes or so.
And forgot to take her meds that one day.
!plot
Pinkie Pie is <3
there is no 4th wall
/me 4goes into the bathroom
*wigglewiggle*
07DA > vector images :)
(*eats popcorn*)
4well this is going to suck
I figured as much :P
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
So............. Social non violent video games are demonized now.
/me giggles
Pinkie Pie obliterated it
Video games can't get a break
/me 13hits the side of a building with a thud
wait wut?
How so, Keyframe?
Pinkie Pie killed virtual polar bears?!
/me pulls up
Haha, I guess so
Oh you know
/me 4operates on himself
Fox News
Shit shit shit
Pinkie Pie did that too
lol
oh
Nothing new
I'm just watching people RP
Oop wait a second
!plot
ohai lobby
lol
*wigglewiggle*
wow there is no way I can get through my magnetics class without giggling like an idiot whenever they say plot now
:3
/me 4comes back out of the bathroom
15Please don't cry Fluttershy. I don't like seeing any filly cry, especially not you.
But yeah, who here has been with My Little Pony since G1?!
/me 13slides down the wall, motionless
You probably don't know this. But PINKIE PIE IS ALSO BEHIND YOU!
15(oooo that's gotta hurt)
I can only imagine what would happen if someone made a crossover with Deadpool and Pinkamena Pie
Fox News isn't a credited source for anything, so.
/me flys down to catch MirthTinker
!link plot
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/13188
Which is why
4god thats much better
XD
alright, gimme some time while I crank something out really fast
Yeah, it's the beginning of the month, and Fox News needs something to prevent their audience from staring at a blank screen
5eeeyup, just another night on SS...
Not PINKIE
But Pinkamena
/me turns to look at Silvermane with her wide, sad eyes, lip trembling. "I... I should probably never come back, should I...?"
/me scrounges for his tablet
/me 4jumps back at the sight of Fluttershy
/me grabs onto her, then begins to slowly lower her to the ground.
so they hate on a video game because it's easy to blame
Fox News isn't a credited source for papers in most classes at my school.
I remember when they talked about Bronies
Super Brony.... wat.
Pinkamena's crazy enough to kill people with Deadpool.
nope.jpg
/me 4hides from the yellow pegasus
and then yellow their journalism more than Fluttershy's flank
I would assume some people would be out there like "I've liked MLP as a guy before they were cool"
YOU HEARD THE LADY. SHE AIN'T GOIN' NOWHERES, CHUMP.
/me 13is also working on her own version
5(btw Fluttershy, we can use colours in here, so feel free to use whatever you like so long as its visible :P)
/me is working on some too
I don't see why Pinkamena is classed as a killer :I.. She's crazy, but not psychotic.
I'd watch an episode or two, but only when I was desperate enough that the plot (and I mean the storyline) seemed interesting
/me remembers the whole Mass Effect debacle and how you don't have to investigate anything to jump to conclusions.
DON'T CHOO BE TOUCHIN MAH APPLEJACK
THERE'S A DIFFERENCE!
6Well. . . Not vector or whatever. . .
Who you callin' chump, chump?
13;)
15Fluttershy, I wouldn't be your friend if I ever wanted you to leave. You're still my Shy-Shy.
9(oki)
6DON'T CHOO USE YER FANCY MATHEMATICS TO MUDDY THE ISSUE!
i wish i were RD there
15(that works)
HaysforPonies ah, yes. that.
I didn't have much against it aside from finding it boring.
Jack Thompson
8YELLOW IS MIEN HAHAHAOOOOOHOOOHA
I wouldn't even bother with it
I feel happy today, my Mother is now a fan of MLP within only a 15 minute snippet of the show.. she craves for more
Also, Pinkie's shoulders move.
HaysforPonies the Mass Effect thing blown out of proportion. That one.
4uh, sorry for interrupting, but is she going to kick me again?
I can't stand it
I can only love and tolerate so much
15... >.>
Just all over the place.
5okay, not really
Oh and the toys
BY GOD THOSE TOYS
/me shudders
No Faust-Awesome-Spray, no deal
/me 9sniffles. "B-but that implies that I'm yours... and... I'm not..."
i wonder how much streaming this ipod can take
14I am the dark gray of not actually being part of the story.
Bioware should troll everyone on ME3 and have highly detailed sex. I noticed they toned it down suddenly in ME2.
dat plot
/me reachs the ground with MirthTinker in tow.
/me 14absconds
STUPID INTARWEBZ
http://www.boardgame-online.com/g/game.php?g=kJX somepony should come and play :V
Uhhh...until the battery dies? >.>
Yea cuz zipper humping....
How can I work without my music playing FLUIDLY!
>>
I"m just going to leave it at that
brb though.
/me 13is limp, but breathing, albeit heavily from pain and overexertion
...
HIYA HaysforPonies
oooohh
Efreet?
Years later, Fox News hates on Bulletstorm for its immaturity, but is unaware of Shadows of the Damned which contains some same immaturity
/me 15sighs. "Right, right... look, umm... oh dear."
The toys today are still a problem
Darnit
I got rr'd
FOX5 news=fail
nuff said
Selective outrage is a thing.
Gotta remember the studio that makes this show is a TOY COMPANY
I know an animator at EA.
neat
They wanna sell TOYS
and doesn't know about Dragon Age II, where you can have a bisexual threesome with a elf and a swashbuckling pirate hooker
im in the game
lolwut
Hah.
o.O
I know right? I kept sending him emails saying "Don't fuck up Mass Effect" as a joke
/me 4pulls out his combat knife with a shaking hoof
/me takes out his flask and pours a little down MirthTinker's throat.
Wow equestria is a country lol
Even if it goes as far as making Princess Celestia's coat pink instead of white
I love Bulletstorm, i have a Grayson Hunt figurine right next to me
That was due to TRU, not due to Hasbro
It's sooo hot.... -_-
Today's toys are okay.
They really fucked that one up good lol
/me 13coughs instinctively, but makes no other movement
/me takes some bandages from his saddlebags.
/me 9whimpers, then lowers her head. "I don't know what to think anymore..."
Haven't played bulletstorm. But that kicking animation looks pretty sick
Apparently, Toys 'R Us doesn't think White Celestia will sell
Keyframe, tell him "Don't fuck up BF3. Remember MoH."
I don't think TruTV had a say in the matter...
next episode is "the best night ever":
>_<
No, Toys R Us
!link http://www.synchtube.com/r/IsaacShark#
Twilight says the library only has pictures from e621 and ponibooru, videos from youtube and books from google docs.
:P
/me 15crawls over the bed and brings himself near Fluttershy. He looks over her carefully, concern in his eyes.
they also totally forgot about Duke Nukem Forever, which contains actual nudity, and came out a few months later
anypony else joining? if not, I'm gonna start the game up now.
/me feels his laptop. "Oh that's why."
Before, I feel I could find more than a few people that found G1 toys some kind of nightmare_fuel.
5So Fluttershy, have you guessed my doppelganger yet?
/me begins wrapping MirthTinker's bruises and cuts in bandage.
They are
Nope its 10:30 I'm actually going to get some sleep. Gotta take pills tomorrow since the Doc didn't know what was wrong with me :D
I would totally buy a show-accurate set of Mane 6 + Princesses
Remember, there was a time when MLP was something used a stereotypical staple for girls
/me 9shrinks a little lower to the ground, but looks over her shoulder at Silvermane, biting her lip.
I threw money at my screen for duke nukem, only to find that my screen was rejecting it for a reason
a pretty good waste
Dude
GIRLS thought it was nightmare_fuel
Uh... yea. Night all
if you're going to play it. I'd advice piratin git
gnight frame
15Fluttershy... i still love you. But I'm IN love with MirthTinker. It's difficult, I know, but that's how it is. I'm sorry... (doing my best not to mention Tinker's penchant for random 3somes...)
Haha, not younger girls
/me finishes bandaging MirthTinker. Then lays her over his back.
But you were in your room when you threw the money right?
4Silver, i would watch out around her
Not at someone else's house
4she kicks HARD
9oh dear.. 3somes... =_=; )
13(it was just the once, and she was brainwashed!)
Nobody I knew ever bought them... >.>
morning, brownies
and of course the screen would reject it
But come on, how many times have people poked at girls using references like My Little Pony or Barbie?!
/me begins walking back towards the house.
in my room
okay, I have a REALLY rough draft
15(Tinker was the brainwasher in that story...)
4also
psh, normaly my screen doesn't :D
uploading it to photobucket now
14(So you say Tinker, so you say)
They'd get princesses or barbies.
it usually makes good choices
4please dont kick me again Fluttershy
/me 14absconds
Evening...and brownies are food...
I'm loving dead island
hi
Oh fuck yes
Indeed they are.
Hiya RobotPinkie
althought the release wasn't as intended
/me 9shakes her head suddenly, shuddering. "I can't believe you... you made me think that you loved me like that when you didn't!"
they released the alpha pack
Damn, walked into that one
There'sa scene in the beginning where Duke Nukem is "having fun" with parodies of Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen
hay Natleyn
*facehoof*
My friend and I are raping through Dead Island.
Yeah I heard that oopsie
/me 13is still unconscious, lying on DE's back and breathing erratically
Lol
but they're animated and drawn to look like teenagers
what level are ya Six?
Ahoy
sicko Duke
Uh
34.
Hate not being able to fly...
chasing underage girls
o.O
dang...
Yeah
I just got to level 21 D:
yar
We kinda played it for two days straight.
/me 15hangs his head, wings drooping at his sides. "And I'm sorry for that. I didn't intend to mislead you."
okay
hay SuperBrony64, GrimGallop, and so on... man, it's gonna be a rough day
lol
Like
so obviously not all the lines are removed and whatnot
but this is the general idea
Straight.
/me 4looks out of the open door and sees DE with a knocked out MirthTinker on his back
/me continues the trek back.
http://i142.photobucket.com/albums/r118/ValtheJean/Temp.jpg
for 48 hours!?
Is it now?
Pfft, you're a robot.
We slept.
XD
07ohai AJ!
:P
/me does not know what Dead Island is. Bings it.
07the poor pony is blind :(
Go on steam
>2011
and buy it
>using Bing
and kick zombies in the face!
4oh hell....
/me 9suddenly bursts out into sobs, putting her face into her hoofs. "I'm so angry with you but I... I can't... ahhh!"
well I could put the eyes back
mabey only half robot
How does the combat system work on PC?
just I figured the full image would draw too much attention
I'd assume it's the same as the console systems
Either way, with Pinkie it's just party all day and dance all night...
you mean with keyboard and mosue?
mouse*
With digital/analog fighting options?
Well, maybe after classes...
Anyway, might I be as bold to inquire why it will be a rough day?
yeah
Interesting
thoughts?
it's not that bad
/me 4drops to the floor when he hears the crying
/me 15grimaces. "If it will make you feel better, do it. Don't worry about consequences or me or Tinker, just release your anger. Right here, right now. It's probably better than holding it..."
It got to the point that using analog was just too slow.
Eh, kinda still have a cold, but I can't afford to miss another class
4wait, what?
hey HotCocoa
How many creatures should a typical MTG deck have
4Finished "An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge" for the first time. It's been a long time coming
/me 15wonders to himself 'I bet Shadow would be proud of me right about now... fucking bastard'
Later in the 20s.
Hey
got any marshmellows :3?
that sucks
Eh, it was legitimately released two days ago
cuz I'm running a lot of burn cards
Dead Island
6DDDDD: AAAAAAHHHH!!!
lol
Could be worse, thoug.
The great and powerful Derpy!
yeah on steam, it was out on the 6th
yep
/me reaches the door, now sweating.
Yeah, it could rain
Could be food poisoning. Try going to classes with that~
/me 9trembles, shaking her head and leaning down, curling up into a ball.
Hello.
Then you'd be ****ed
hiya
Exactly!
That drawfriend had some cool stuff.
Anyway, I wish there would be a MLP game...
BUT
Ah...fuck...who locked this thing?
ScratchSweater is daaaaw
14(got to go)
As a Kart racer...that way I know it couldn't suck that bad
pft, Vinyl in a Tux
14(Cya later)
well there is silent pony ville
Scratch hoodie?
(Bye)
15(bye herospirit)
/me 4starts to run towards teh door
Oh wow, that sounds interesting
:O?
This drawfriend helped me realize that...that...Luna is not best pony.
but its beta
I used to use Steam way back in the days of Half Life 2, before I got seriously into PC gaming
Night everypony!
Vinyl is.
but yeah
There's a bunch in development by fans.
There's also the SMB2 sprite hack
13(just had 120V worth of pool circuitry run through her arm and back into the circuit. I'm freaking out, but fine)
if the image distracts too much from the text
night herospirit
You mispelled Twilight
Later
we can even add a semi transparent white layer to it
Night herospirit
6D'awwwww :c
May your dreams be filled with Pony!
making the text stand out
/me 15crawls off the bed over to Fluttershy. He lays down next to her, using a wing to hug her. "i'm so sorry..."
How long did it take to reach that conclusion?
You both mispelled Spitfire.
9sounds... fun o-o; )
I used to use Gamespy back in the day to look up Quake and Quake Team Fortress servers lol
Night hero
/me 4opens the door only to run into a DE and a passed out MirthTinker
Poor colgate has a nosebleed though
oh they were filled with pony
WE ALL MISSPELLED FLUTTERSHY EXCUSE ME
Oh, just 30 minutes of Under Siege 2 :P
AHEM
15MirthTinker, did it enter your chest cavity/
4holy shit! what happened?
so is this agreeable with everyone?
Watch it man!
Harumph.
DJ PON-3 beats all.
those were the days
iv'e also heard of a mlp street fighter kind of thing but im not to sure
It took until the sequel?!
How could you??
If I logged on to a Steam account now, I'd probably get banned for all my pirated stuff.
I've only seen the sequel lol
lol Under Siege is really quite badass
Noesssss
Fluttershy. She's my favorite
I missed hero ;~;
A wall attacked her.
GUYS
They haven't found mine, and I have some of them on my steam libary.
/me hugs herospirit goodbye
I AM THE BEST PONY
Alright pones. Time for bed.
*coughs*
Night six.
night six
http://127.0.0.1/randomship.php <- things are progressing :P
FLUFFY IS MY FAVORITE PONY
I laughed too hard at #11. Gilda looks like Tweety.
4well Silvermane is in there telling that kicking machine to release her anger
!link http://img.ponibooru.org/images/33/33e882d23b25401bc4689ee6d1ee6d85
Now stop standing around and help me!
Twilight says the library only has pictures from e621 and ponibooru, videos from youtube and books from google docs.
15(those dammed orphanages )
:D
Is he still here?
damn wrong IP
/me 9looks at Silvermane from the corner of her eyes, then looks back at nothing, giving him the silent treatment.
No, he's gone.
4and im not getting kicked by her again man!
Nope. u.u
07show me
It is poniooru Derpy
http://81.234.225.23/randomship.php D:
booru
Anyway, I'm going to be honest now...
4fine
Goddamn it.
k
Derpy's only familiar with ponibooru on 413chan
I've never seen a single episode of MLP
not ponibooru.org
nice pc ip there Nashy XD
What.
Blasphemy.
Ah well, I was going to say my special talent also is popping plastic bubbles
/me 4takes the passed out MirthTinker onto his back
Yeah I use localhost to test D;
Is it a cool show?
so many ridiculous movies
Go on YouTube and watch Episode 1 NAO. Celestia commands you.
That'd be an awesome writing contest.
Find her a couch or something.
13I'm still working on my own. :P
4just make sure she doesnt fall off
Celestia? Is that one of the ponies?
i hav no clue who those huys r
But seriously, it is a good show.
lol you best be jokin', neigha
Use the generator, write a fic for whatever pair comes up.
Applestar. Odd ship.
/me 15simply lies there, content to wait and mull over his ill luck and choices. 'Aeeyup, fucking Shadowmane would be patting me on the back right about now... I need to buck him in the jaw next time I see him.'
Imma trollin' :P
He has to be trolling.
XD
I got Inkity.
WOAH
time for bed
You must be psychic
/me walks into the room with Fluttershy and Silvermane.
good night everypony
RobotPinkie, I love you for that
gnight
/me 4walks inside of the apartment and sets the passed out MirthTinker onto Silvermane's bed
....
icwatudidthar
for what? :P
13ummmmm, well it made my heart skip a beat
13probably
/me 9looks up at the sudden interruption, then quickly stands up and backs away into the corner.
Wow, I got Dr. Whooves x DJ-PON3
>neigha
It's been a while since I cracked up like that
....?
It's a good word, mos def.
15(mfw the reality of what my apartment looks like is broken repeatedly )
13it gave me quite a scare, but I'm pretty sure I'm alright
So this is what I decided to put in my 'guess me' bag for school
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/15497387/Camera/DSCF5506.JPG
Am I the only one that likes Scratch without the glasses? I like her red eyes.
I started watching it about four days ago and finished it yesterday, after noticing that threads have sprung up about it on every forum I have bookmarked.
If I was going to write a ship about it, I wouldn't know what to do
4(i know right?)
here's with the white layer:
http://i142.photobucket.com/albums/r118/ValtheJean/Test2.jpg
Hays, I like her eyes too
Oh, welcome to the herd, then!
I started jigging with it since...last week?
15(so... where is everypony in relation to each other? )
Did we confirm that DJ has red eyes or was than fanonized?
:D
Fanon.
4(im at the side of your bed)
ima brb and stuff
Pretty much taught myself everything about MLP since then
13(I'm on DE's back, just coming into the commons room downstairs
07Nice idea would you rotate with all mane 6 or?
9I think we're now all in your bedroom. o-o MirthTinker is on the bed, passed out, and DecapKing and DeniedExistenceMobile are simply standing there. I'm backed into a corner and you're awkwardly standing there.)
pretty much, yeah
6I do like~
At least with G4
I meant to watch it back in November, but I just went home and played minecraft.
It makes her more like Dave from Homestuck. Use of turntables, cool glasses and red eyes.
there's a DJ?
God forbid I see another episode of G3.5 or less
13fyi, Silver lives in a 2 floor flat/apartment complex with rooms acessible from a hallway on the second floor)
Great time to become a brony, I reckon, what with Season 2 starting up in a week.
DJ PON-3, yes
15and my room is simply that. a room.
lol Fluttershy discovers a horrible truth
When I got back to college, everyone was brony, so I watched there
Yeah lol
07I say to the forums with all idea's
oh like deadmau5
Indeed
I get it
6And we could have the boxes not just vertical, but maybe have them like top left, top middle, top right, bottom left, bottom middle, bottom right.
07Even the DA idea should be posted there
4(im not just standing there, im standing here scared of being kicked)
(All I said was I walked in)
I didn't have to hide in a corner in the feetal position for a few months till Season 2
13well, its nice, in a Spartan sort of way
There was a post on ED showing a Octavia x DJ-PON3 art
I hope I'll find a couple of bronies at college.. I probably won't knowing my luck x.x
to the clou-...I mean threads!
4Whatever it is you guys are talking about, make sure you add it to the Affairs page
it was a small comic about them arguing their musical tastes
9fun times )
I watched them all and now Season 2 comes in 9 days :D
angry secks one?
15covered in old vests on the floor of course....
(I am wherever you are Silvermane
and at the end they end up shipping
yeah
lols
i liked that one
15alright, we are all in my room apparently. joy...
You won't unless you introduce some bait
how does one have angry sex?
The hell....there is no badass pic of Dave Strider and Vinyl Scratch together.
4(i'm also checking on MirthTinker)
BAIT.
This has to happen.
I'm in college and I wouldn't DARE go open-closet
I don't think that comic would've had the same angry effect if DJ didn't have her glasses
Bait that people who don't watch won't realize.
(Deck the halls I guess...)
15alright, everypony out. I need to talk to these two alone for a bit.
That was, unless someone started playing an episode with speakers on
Like Celestia's Sunburst cutie mark or something.
will do Ghosties
4Alright, I'm checking out tonight. I'll catch you guys later. Glad the test stream went (relatively) smooth :)
4fine
5I'm in my own room, across the hall, no idea why its so loud in Silvermane's room but knowing better than to ask)
15Thanks for finding Tink for me though
gnight Ghosties, sleep well
Yeah sure
07night Ghosties, sweet dreams
/me 4starts to leave
5also, damnit, nopony reads what I type
GRRM, Hamlet and his mom had angry/mournful sex in Hamlet
I'll make two individual threads: one for the newsletter images, the other for the DA games
That would be...obsessive
She got into a fight with a wall though
One of my friends made a post on facebook saying he was getting strange looks at the college while listening to pony swag :P
Haha, well I guess it depends o what kind of school you're in.
i dont remember that
but they didn't take their clothes off or anything
Hamlet?
does that sparkle with everyone? (please please PLEASE get the reference)
/me 4goes and knocks on ReticentSmolder's door
6Goodnight Ghosties! :3
wait
15(lol oh you... silly Smolder, talking is for shippers ;) )
07don't catch up on my post count :P
7YOU'RE GOING TO *READ* ME
you've never..?
07:D
A school filled with geeks and technophiles :o
the one where he takes revenge on his uncle?
I have Twilight Sparkle as a good luck charm on my desk.
07*SUNSHINE*
yes
but I WANNA!
I responded with a video called "Twilight Sparkle has some very important advice for Rainbow Dash"
or which one was that?
YES!
I don't remember that scene
OMG
yeah
9ReticentSmolder: Hey! >_> Stealing my line and replacing love with read? )
/me goes to raid Silvermane's fridge.
I HEREBY REVOKE MY NO HUGGING LUNA PROMISE
/me hugs Luna
/me 15doesn't have a fridge
/me yay!
6ninja'd by Luna XD
I remember his girlfriend killing herself
/me hugs ValtheJean
I don't remember any sex in it though
/me 4goes and knocks on ReticentSmolder's door again
7the fridge is downstairs in the common room
Futility
I love how well this video works with the audio: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wsk5XhqfuI
/me 7opens door. "Hello? Do I know you?"
okay, it might've been an exaggeration displayed in the Mel Gibson film, but scholars stated that Hamlet (character analysis) had an oedipus complex for his mother
15mfw LUNA
Aw DAMNIT WHY'D YA HAVE TO GO AND DO THAT GRIM??
4(LUNA!)
/me 9stares at the group from her corner, eyes full of guilt. "Did I do this...?"
/me goes downstairs to the common room to raid the fridge.
XD
07(Did you miss me?)
/me 15glomps Luna. "HELLO 2nd BEST PONY"
/me is listening to Sonic Adventure sounctrack.
9I invited her >3>; )
and that's how Equestria was made!
4i think you should
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufsf_-a_H9Q
found the comic
True story
What Mel Gibson film?
6Ohai RobotPinkie~ :3
anyways, the scene I'm referring to is the one where Hamlet (Mel Gibson) is on top of his mom (Glenn Close) and crying to her and dry humping her
4anyways do you happen to have any booze?
ohay VioletVanilla :3
Why hello Violet!
WHOA WHOA WHOA
Hiya Violet :3
6Hallo EVERYpony! :D
7Yeah, I've got some scotch on hand for my writer's block, hehe, come on in, you a friend of Silver's?
Omg, that's awesome SuperBrony XD
go to #EquestriaAfterDark with this conversation, guys
Hello Violet, nice to meet you
/me gives hugs to all of her loyal Bronystaters. <3
keep this chat PG
4yeah, i need some scotch about now
It very much is
15Fluttershy... don't mind them. they're insane as it is. Reliable though
9That reminds me... Silvermane have you per chance written any Luna x Fluttershy stuff? o-o; )
6Nice to meet you too Superbrony! (:
/me hugs VioletVanilla back
Yeah, don't mention the M word.
Oedipus?
Mel?
I don't remember that at all
er wait?
Mel?
/me loots a bottle of vodka from the fridge! +3 to scavenging!
This still cracks me up http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kLR1UQyS9w
to the moon with you Jacki!
hey VioletVanilla
mom?
oh I see
Moon!?
4you dont even want to know whats going on over there
6Hallo Synros! n.n
15(nope, although I sincerely approve of the one or two i have read. I don't write non-oc pony stuff very much)
EARTH.
HOW DO PEOPLE DO THE THING WITH THE VERBS AND THE STUFF?!
FIRE.
RobotPinkie: xD
well, I mean we weren't talking about ponies there
7Why is everypony trying to get drunk? >.>
9But... isn't that... the filly that you said you were in love with...?
WIND
WIND.
we were talking about Hamlet
WATER
Tell me GRRM, do you like bananas?
HEART
/me covers her ears with her hooves to block out RainbowDashCancel's shouting
./me
beat you on that one
/me You mean like this SuperBrony64?
I like bananas
13(ummm, where am I now? on Silver's bed?)
/me this?
why do you ask?
LOL Robotpinkie
9Aww, too bad. You seem like you'd type a good fic. xP )
Mhm
Yeah
Lol
9MirthTinker: Yes. o-o )
4im trying to numb the pain
15MirthTinker, yes, on the bed there asleep. She and I have been together for... a while now.
/me so, hello to TrollightSparkle?
its time to kill.....Trollestia
Woo!
I did it!
I did MAGIC!!
dom dom dom daaaa
Well your about to go bananas, ON THE MOOOOOOOON!
15It's kinda a funny story actually... if anyone ever mentions Silvermare, that's kinda part of it
okay, threads are up
It's magic, I ain't gotta explain s***
BEEEYATCH
7I like how almost everypony in here is involved in this one, some of us doing two parts 0.0 bet you still can't guess who I double as
why the moon?
Yeah, if you get there, to the moon,
Wizards...magic...self-explanatory
Don't forget to pick up Monster Carrot
Poor Luna :(
Goku dropped him there and forgot about him
/me 15likes how RS didn't use ()
aare you a wizard?!
Yeah..
4(MirthTinker?)
Luna feels like a loner
lol
7its implied, I'm rarely in the canon
15heh
Everyone knows that all wizards have monocles.
/me 9lowers her head. "Oh... I never had a chance, did I?"
/me 7(knows DecapKing totally did a whois)
15(ouch. ouch ouch ouch. that one hurts IRL)
4(nope)
4(lucky guess)
9What does? o-o )
15(your line. ouch)
/me loots a piece of cake from the fridge! +2 to scavenging!
9Sorry. ^^; )
How do I like videos like that? Just paste the link?
herrp
Yeah
Err..I mean
Derp.
Eeyup
Filly's don't know 'bout dat IRC
man
I haven't played TF2 in like a week.
my internet is terrible
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCccHZQeg10
./sadness
it didn't even load for me
TF2?
I don't think Arthur likes the show...
Yeah.
TF2.
/me 15sighs. "I can't answer that. So much i can't say for simple fairness. I'm sorry."
Yeah, just link... it'll show up without a thumbnail for you, though
Oh yeah.
9I don't believe in behaving dramatically, but I'm good at tweaking situations to create high emotional impacts. )
Shiny
15(you are a thespian )
I totally want this game http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egrlzkKa6O8
9XP thanks I think )
well its time for me to head out for work
cya Synros
7(yfw I realized I'm a thespian today)
Tf2, is like awesome.
Later
soo... I'll be back in in like an hour.
Bye Synros :3
15(lol)
/me encounters a fridge monster while scavenging!
4well thanks for the booze
Later Synros
All it needs is pony models
But why do you work at 9 PM?
7Silvermane...that was some serious herdmind
>.>
I've never played Team Fortress 2 ever.
/me attacks the fridge monster for 6 damage!
4i think im going to go and check on Silver across the hall
/me 9pauses, then slowly looks up with Silvermane, confusion and a slight spark of hope in her eyes. "Wait... are you saying... there is a slight chance that you and I...? I mean..." Fluttershy bit her lip. "Is there?"
7also Decap, what gave it away?
Play it. Do it.
/me has never played TF2 ever either*
It's free.
No excuses.
6Natleyn, PM please~
and just finished making the update thread, so Ghosties may rest easy now :P
yes.
/me is hit for 2 damage by the fridge monster!
Free free?
I don't even know why it is though.
4(you and Mirth would join at roughly the same time)
like not trial Free
No.
watching movies, and going on the internet
Its FTP
(looks at WoW)
Free to play.
wtf, Doctor Who just turned into Batman, or something...
7(well that one's kinda obvious, but Fluttershy wasn't here for that :P)
Free to play FOREVER
ok cya in a buit
post* not thread
bit*
You can 'find' items as you play it, or you can buy them.
Haha I get it
But the items ARE NOT gamebreakers.
9Huh? What does this have to do with me? o-o )
Wait a min...
They will not overpower you.
No.
/me 15looks away from Fluttershy, pain in his eyes. "I can't answer that." Sighing, he walks over to his desk and opens a drawer.
They all come with a benefit and a setback.
me?
/me 4leaves the apartment and goes into the apartment across the hall
Nah, you can leave now
/me 13is still unconcious, lying on the bed now and breathing heavily, but regularly now
Hats is what I am looking at.
I give you permission
oh ouch
Yeah, you can buy hats.
lol
Need monies for hats.
/me attacks the fridge monster for 12 damage! *CriticalHit* The beast is felled!
15(don't worry about it. ReticentSmolder is running two characters and wonders if you know who the second is)
7oh, I was just wondering if you knew who my double is :P
9Loffly. )
I love this animation: http://www.newgrounds.com/portal/view/576522
!moon
Grab my tail, thunder-colt!
dreaming of poniessssss
Best thing I've seen in a while
/me likes this night theme too
Man I never dream about ponies.
07again the 3 ladies and another guy
I do
07theme = team*
/me clicks
lol oh yeah
Me to.
07I'm tired... 5:57 am
/me 15rummages around in his drawer for a moment, bringing out a small tin. He sets it on the desk and opens it up.
/me goes AFK while it loads
/me 9watches Silvermane silently, her expression unreadable. After a moment she glances over at MirthTinker on the bed, then slowly trots over. "I DID do this... didn't I? She flew out in a panic because of me..."
7also Decap, what? you don't want to stay for more? I've got Sebralan Whiskey too
/me 4walks into the apartment to a field of tension
I seldom remember my dreams.
Wait, but won't Steam detect my pirated games and ban my account?
But when I do they're really awful.
I dreamt about Pinkie, mainly
No.
lol, we wub woo woona
Unless you have pirated Steam games.
But you don't
it's the top result for "friendship is magic" on Youtube, which is pretty funny
6I am tired too. . . x.x
Because you don't have Steam.
4im just here to make sure nothing happened
4well
4nothing else
07Violet we should relocate to the states..
6but I do like having just us
I don't have pirated Steam games.
I want gmod.
7(Sebrala = my idea of what the zebra homeland is called)
6and one poor male. . .
GMod is awesome.
nor do I have any pirated GFWL games
>.<
07poor male?
actually wait
6I would if I could. . .
RainbowDashCancel: it only tests for modded multiplayer games that use SteamGuard. If it detects a cheat mod while you're playing a game on a SteamGuard-enabled multiplayer server, then it will ban you from playing on SteamGuard servers
I'm used to this
I have 3 sisters
and I'm the youngest
I am going to put pony models in.
It's a shame they don't actually land on the moon
/me 15shakes his head. "She flew out because of me. Not to mention she's normally a unicorn... but I probably hurt her more than ever just by not talking." He raises his hoof to his mouth and chews quietly on something from the tin.
/me gains a level! +5 to medicine, +3 to flying, +6 to Speech. New perk: Impervious to alcohol; It takes twice the amount of booze to make you shit-faced.
well
just finished the pilot
I am also going to make Pinkie cook panis cupcake into a cupcake
so Luna only shows up in there eh?
New post on Equestria Daily by Phoe: Story: Somepony Who Loves You (http://tinyurl.com/43nhae4)
GRRM, yep
7(DE, don't you mean 'resistant' if you can still get drunk?)
TuxRug hmm..."modded"?
/me 4walks over to the bed and checks on MirthTinker
To be honest, the only things I would ever play online on Steam are maybe SSF4 AE and Portal 2
Naw, next would be invulnerable)
out of my current library
RainbowDashCancel: modified to allow cheating, like unlimited ammo or walking through walls.
7impervious = invulnerable >.>
Portal 2 online?
Not in my opinion)
Is that like Co-op with other people?
Jolly good
^ yes
o.o
... Co-op with other people...
/me giggles~
6You reminded me of a rage comic, Val. .
7 1. not permitting penetration or passage; impenetrable: The coat is impervious to rain. 2. incapable of being injured or impaired: impervious to wear and tear.
TuxRug, pfft, I would never do that
6I can see you being like
Portal 2: Ponifed
6Okay. . .
6Wait a minute. . .
6ACTUALLY
oh?
But but Steam has Civilization 5!
4she seems to be breathing at a more normal pace now
6I AM USED TO THIS!
O.o
o.O
O.O
O.O
(Fine..."Resistant" it is ya Nazi)
15... that's good. Is she really hurt?
-.-
(JK)
.....that is a good thing.
7(hehe, not trying to be mean, just enhancing your vocab)
Honestly, if you wanted to mod portal 2 to cheat and make the game easier, you have to be pretty bad at the game
6Heheheheh~
/me 9sighs, sits down. "I feel like I did something bad anyway..."
4from my simply knowledge of anatomy of pegasi, she doesnt seem to have anything broken
Somepony, there is a group doing that
9Oh man just had the thought 'this would be so fun to turn into a comic' xP )
and if you try to mod on SSF4 AE outside of harmless texture swaps, you don't deserve to be playing the game
*Walking in* No, she only flew into a wall.
My brain just exploded.
There is?
7(I would read it, then again, I'm in it :P)
Somepony, yep.
/me 15inhales deeply, feeling his eyes dilate. Fresh cola leaves... good stuff. "Besides kissing me, you didn't do a single thing wrong." Muttering to himself, "Honestly that doesn't even count..."
lol, you're scaring me violet :P
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/07/map-of-equestria-and-portal-pony-mod.html here is one of the mentions of them
You like bananas that much?
I am terribly sorry to hear that
Yaaaaay
http://thinkingwithponies.blogspot.com/2011/09/wheat-apples-cellos-and-random.html
/me 13murmurs something half-conciously
I actually prefer Cupcakes, but Bananas are quite good indeed.
/me 9frowns, then pauses and looks up, biting her lip. "She's waking up... I... I should go."
This video is epic -> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muVfidujxRg
I don't like cupcakes anymore. :(
inb4pinkamina
Too much sugar.
6Scary?
6Me?
/me 13falls back asleep, a sharp exhale with a slight pitch to it
6^-^
/me 15wanders over to MirthTinker, scanning the new pegasus for serious worries. "Fluttershy... I think it would be better if you just waited in the commons for a bit. Let me talk to her, then we 3 can have a chat."
6^-^
Well then, I shall go celebrate.
6^-^
O_o
15Oh, she's asleep again.
13(yfw I'm doing THAT in my sleep again)
Hurts mah teeth. u.u
What EVER would make you think that dearie? n.~
Oh yeah, the Physics lecture
oh yeah I remember that guy, didn't he get sent a whole bunch of ponies by Hasbro+
?
That must have taken some balls
15(not more scary humming...)
lol
6Hehehehehe. . . . .
lol really?
6Heheheehehehe~~~
Aha. . . Aahaahahaah~
9yfw...? what does it stand for? >> )
/me returns to grinding on rats.
I don't wanna go I'm scared
15your face when
Is that supposed to be a compliment from Hasbro?
I'm pretty sure he did
mommy!
He did.
15opposite of MFW, my face when
There are pictures.
4i think that she might have something wrong with her respiratory system
6Dies ist das Gefühl, wir alle haben. . .~
/me 9flinches, then nods slightly, trotting past the ponies in the room to sit dejectedly in the commons area.
I need to call some random show out for physical impossibilities.
/me 13the sharp passing of air comes to a halt, finding a pitch. Her mouth closes, letting the pitch reverberate and flow. A song forms, haunting and beautiful with somber tones and lilting melodies.
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/06/physics-brony-gets-pile-of-free-pony.html
I AM ALONE AND FRAGILE
yup, foundit
haha
I just read the wired article
Wow can't believe it
Whoa. Awesome.
GRRM, and?
Oh hey fluttershy.Just level grinding on rats.
I mean...my mind is conflicted
4uh, is that a normal thing she does?
why did they choose the most awkward guy in the world to interview?
/me 15shivers, remembering the last time she did this. Acting quickly for his ill body, he trots over and nudges her softly, attempting to rouse her.
well
13VV calls people "dearie". lol Thats kinda cute.
GRRM, lol
07Hey I do too...
07Never noticed?
I know a guy named Matt who's definitely more awkward.
/me cries
15Occasionally. Would you mind giving us a moment? She's probably going to be... jumpy.
On one hand, it's awesome getting free shit like My Little Pony, but on the other it's still getting My Little Pony stuff...
I learned more about the theory of friendship and mind than in the entire 30 years of my life
GRRM, they're journalists.
he has said that they picked basically the worst picture of him to use :/
/me soothes ValtheJean
13Oh sorry, Luna. I didnt notice. ^^;;
6Luna is cutest of all cutes <#
that's what I learned
/me 4feels a chill come over his body
4ok
6 <3 *
07Lies
/me 13wakes up suddenly in mid-song. "AAAAAAAAAAAAAH MOTHER! NO!"
07i'm just me
4ill be outside
He says he's a 'writer', quit his job at Wal-Mart, married a 19 year old, and now collects unemployment.
07the pony from the moon
13As her sig states. :P
lol I like the official merch
/me 4jumps back
07indeed
we;;
he outright said 'I have aspergers'
/me 9looks up at DE, then back down, tearing up. "I'm a bad pony..."
How so?
I'd get a few figures if I had bits. :c
I don't wanna DJ with you anymore!
/me feels less threatened
uh huh
/me 15falls back onto his flank, surprised and mildly shocked. Reacting quickly, he leans forward. "Tink, Tink are you okay?"
Wha?
13Wha, how did I get here?
/me hugs Fluttershy
I mean, it's still the same dolls before, but now based on an awesome version of the show
07but i'm glad we had this think-tank tonight
Asperger's Syndrome
07some great ideas!
PHOTOBUCKET! Y U STUCK AT 94%?
15DecapKing and DE found you
well, and less creepy-looking
6Oh. . . Oh we will DJ. . . Val. . . . We will. . . . . ;D You just wait. . .
6SOON
Unless they were physical statues that looked EXACTLY like the characters in the show...then maybe I would do it
No you aren't, just a good pony who made a bad decision.
/me 4gets back up
Essentially low-grade Autism
.....~hide me~......
/me 7is writing on a scroll on his desk from across the hall, listening intently, but working.
Isn't that what socially awkward teenaged hypochondriacs on the internet say they have so they can have an excuse for being socially awkward mooks?
15Seeing as I'm not in much condition to chase you around...
4you crashed into a wall
Pizzicato yes that too
You know, the small figurines that they have for anime shows and stuff
That would be high functioning Autism Bpendragon, not Asperger's Syndrome
Asperger's Syndrome means trouble socializing mostly
*Yelling up the stairs* You fought the wall and the wall won!
/me is giggling uncontrollably.
/me 13looks around, seeing the ponies in the room. "Oh, oh CELESTIA! I've got to go!"
GRRM, it occurs to me that they very well could have interviewed a multitude of people and simply picked the most socially maladjusted one of the lot.
With other comorbid things.
Well they have the blind bag ponies... those are pretty accurate
However, my cousin (a computeer geek) actually does have it
/me 9flinches slightly, but sighs. "No... I... I think I've done something truly terrible. Now I'm jealous and... and I can't do anything about it. I'm so angry at myself, it makes me want to... makes me want to.." Fluttershy bit her lip, then opened her mouth to let out a long yet soft scream.
But a doll that comes with accessories to comb their manes...
/me laughs.
High functioning Autism, is basically Autism but better
stupid Twilight....
I have to admit that made me laugh really hard
I mean, it doesn't affect my view of the show
I already love the show
but man, this would not be a good go-to source
well, it's trendy on the internet to have aspergers now
exactly Pizzicato
4WHOA WHOA WHOA
no, stupid google
/me 4stops MirthTinker
lag
Yeah.
I saw that.
google should know when I search for "Twilight" I mean the pony!
I guess I'm not at the stage of acceptance yet >_<
4you cant fly in this condition
Aspergers is the new ADD
I was like wow this GRRM types fast oh wait lag.
I have been officially diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome
/me 15crawls up onto the bed and uses his hindleg to pin her wing, as he taught her.
lol it might not come at all, some don't like the brushables
6What other Twilight is there? o:
Asperger disorder ( /ˈɑːspərɡərz/[1] or /ˈæspərɡərz/[2]) is an autism spectrum disorder
I'm still shy about it, but I'm like that with every show I like, so I assume I'm final stage brony
/me hugs Fluttershy tighter, it's gonna be ok,
9You know teh scream I speak of, right? >3> )
13NO GET OFF ME! YOU DON'T LOVE ME STOP PRETENDING YOU DO!
Yes?
from wikipedia, often asserts itself with high-functioning autism,
07Looks like we are gonna have a busy weekend...
/me 9shakes her head. "I don't know about that..."
15MirthTinker. Look at me. Calm down.
(I think so..)
people with Aspergers have trouble functioning in social situations
>army of killer scarecrows
I like busy weekends :P
makes me feel alive
>cue happy flute music
... there was an ant in my ear
Well that's only because ignorant people aren't able to understand there is a clear difference.
yo yo yo, whats up everypony
wat
Aspies do not behave stereotypically Autistic.
Haha, even if you are 5% shy about it, you haven't reached the final stage
07Sprinkles:"-_-; Well that really sucks. We're gonna have to hammer everything out this weekend. We're definitely going to have to do another stress test early next week."
They don't flap their arms when they get upset, or things like that.
13NO! MY MOTHER- YOU- THAT OTHER MARE, I CAN'T DEAL WITH THIS!
They appear normal if not for a few comorbids
possibly
lol
I have lag too
well, I'm watching another ep, and then I got to head to bed
I like the show so far
4wait wait wait
/me 13tries desperately to fight her own anatomy to get away
lol I dunno about that, some people arejust shy in general
07and a busy week too..
4just calm down
What episode are you watching?
GRRM, what are you watching?
9http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8l1sgfLmC1Y for clarification. >> )
example: someone with Aspergers is at a funeral, knows everyone is in a down mood, but is in a way unable to empathize
9for clarification purposes. )
I assume there is someone out there that will dress up as one of the characters walking around at ANY CHANCE OF DOING SO while using quotes on a minute-to-minute basis
Send me to a job interview, I'll be like Fluttershy >.>
Oh, Silver may not be the element of loyalty, but he is not far from
Tux that is also false
Aspies can empathize
Haha
They may not express it the same way a neurotypical or "normal" person would.
lol I hope that's not the final stage
Therfore it's assumed they are unempathetic.
Huh? o-o
/me 7(is the element of shippery)
ok
That's not final stage, that's a different type of brony.
I'm sure we can all relate certain emotional situations to a ponies' character
With my luck
/me 15sighs, hating what he has gotten himself into. Reaching behind his neck, he pulls off the chain he has taken to wearing at all times, placing it before MirthTinker. "You need to stop fighting. Just relax. You know what this chain means, right?
Dude, I don't even
so it's more that they just can't connect "oh, everyone's sad" to "don't tell a fart joke" or something
So uh.. stages of brony development?
Something like that
I know that's kind of a weird way of putting it
I have eep'd in public before and scooted away to dark corners
Well that's a pretty good way of putting it.
I think the DSM V is open on the internet...
/me 15(is the element of oh dear god what is wrong with you?)
why... are we talking about social disorders...
(xD)
"eep'd"? You mean like what Fluttershy does?
I just jumped at that, because there's a history of people assuming people on the Autism Spectrum are unempathetic, and therfore less than human.
*shrug*, 'cause.
Or more prone to behaving cruelly
First episode, yeah
um, Sheep, that's how this chatroom works. XD
13YES I-....yes, I do. Don't just think that you can win me back by putting yourself up to my control. Relationships have to work both ways Silver.
go from one topic to the next
I never said that, I was stating facts
Sheep, because Wired had an article about MLP fandom, and interviewed a guy who said he was Aspie.
Yeah it's random
I'm stating facts too.
My ears are on fire... =-=
/me lays down with Fluttershy.
wow
and especially when someone gets excited about explaining a certain topic
Please tell me you are a girl if you did that
that was...weird
4MirthTinker, are you going to freak out again?
I'm sorry, Fluttershy
I got kicked out again >.<
Lol @ Fluttershy
It's gonna be fine, I know these things.
u___u thats so stupid. Why do news shows always have to get the worst people for interviews
Yea it's why the channel turns to shit when we start talking about music
Because I do not shut up when it comes to music.
Nope. :C
/me 9starts to cry again. "Oh what have I done? I let my feelings get the better of me..."
The one thing that everyone seems to have in common eventually is thinking "omfg ponies are so awesome, why did I not see this before?"
Hey, everypony!
13Possibly, but this time it will be level-headed, cold, and rational freaking out...unless I get some answers.
Sheep, shock value
hello KnightLight
Heya
Ticket Master
I'm watching Ticket Master now
well
I brought up the Wired article
07You might want to check your pc sometime... it might be suffering from parasprites
Pizzicato XD Yeah, a couple hours ago we were talking about music,
SuperBrony64: I'm a girl irl d; I also do streamception sometimes
because that guy learned more about the theory of friendship and mind than in the entire 30 years of his life
Well...it's because we didn't have Faust Vision for G3.5 and below
I saw G4 was awesome.
I miss anything after busy week?
then ponies
/me 15smiles sadly, glad to see the desired effects have taken hold. "I know. But that's not the point. Control is only useful when it is given willingly, not taken forcefully. But that's besides the point right now. We need to talk for a moment."
then Hamlet
07nope
and then I went to far with Hamlet and then we talked about Team fortress 2
GRRM: welcome to ponies
4want me to leave?
Well the problem GRRM is that society isn't typicall condusive to friendship and that is very confusing to Aspies.
heh thanks
/me tries to bro-hoof CogWeaver, but misses and accidentally gets him in the shoulder
Like, how mean people can get ahead in life. We don't get that.
Streamception is fun. ^^ Right everypony who's been here for it?
These words..."streamception"...confuse me
oops, sorry about that...
!S2
15If you would please. Go relax, have a drink, maybe check on Fluttershy if she seems distressed. We'll be fine.
Season 2 begins in 8d:08h:42m:28s
It's more of a higher sense and desire for fairness.
omg 8 days 8 hours
/me strokes Fluttershy's back. "It isnt your fault, if all you do is blame yourself, no good will ever come of it."
4no problem
hehe...
Yep
/me gets knocked down*
/me 4leaves and goes to the commons area
lol it's a stream within a stream, SuperBrony64
TOO long!
no, it's definitely the internet connection
everyone in the building is having issues
way too long.
I know...
!link
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVh5hrFv0bE - Pony Holocaust Teaser
Um, Jackie, don't mean to stop your explanation, but I think he can read the wiki article if he wants to
:S
I'm lost here...
I'm a pretty-well-in-shape guy. I do parkour and stuff on a regular basis.
like, 8 hours, 8 minutes too long!
4dont mind me
4im here for booze
Fine, if he would rather believe an article, then an actual person living with Asperger's Syndrome.
....
/me 9sighs, burying her face into her folded forelegs. "Maybe if I just disappear for a while everypony will forget how mean I am..."
no it's fine
uh...don't you mean 'days', Knight?
I do homework and study like a boss on a regular basis
Sheep, it's easier to sell magazines which have some kind of shocking article on depraved pseudo-autistic maladroits who watch cartoon ponies and may rape and kill and do horrible things, than it is to sell a magazine about geeks who are attracted to the pure innocence of a cartoon as a contrast to the fucked up times we live in.
Hi
So I'm well out of shape
oh, lol!
it's when one of the streamers streams another stream.
SuperBrony64: When Luna streams, sometimes she will show a stream of what I'm doing.
/me 4goes and gets a bottle of whiskey from the fridge
Whoa what Tux
lol
But mentally, I'm stronger than ever
Already scavenged the fridge. I am waitng for the respawn.
/me just derp'd
4damn
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quazTOZokd4
That was nuts!
/me 15gets off of MirthTinker's wings, letting her up. He replaces the chain around his neck, the tail in front... just in case. He looks over at Tinker
/me 4goes over to DE and Fluttershy
Is it okay to cross streams?
he was replying to me, I asked why interview an aspie
No.
/me 7thinks Fluttershy will fit in just fine here...oh yes, just fine
Is your body ready?
Well, pretty well in shape, but my cardio is terrible.
Only as a last resort.
instead of someone not socially inept
Hello Toasty :3
I know, but I'm saying depraved psuedo-Autistic and rape and kill, oh wait wasn't this a PG chat?
9oh? )
hello :D
Your a wonderful pony.
/me 7also feels happy knowing his dual-identity is a secret to some
yes, it is
4Fluttershy
yeah sorry....
15(she's handling the high-emotion part fine... but wait for the /other/ part first...)
#EquestriaAfterDark
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VznlDlNPw4Q&feature=related
Look, JackiePie, I understand it's tough being someone diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome, and you want to explain to the world about your struggles in society, but we don't need to open up the DS-whatever right now
go there for this type of convo.
07hmm you could run a traffic monitor..
I got a little defensive there for a second
4disappearing doesnt solve any problems
10 hours
of catchy awesomeness
o.o
Also Asperger's Syndrome isn't psuedo Autism, it is a form of Autism on the higher functioning end of the Autism Spectrum.
EquestriaAfterDark?
07We had a parasprite abusing our connection a while ago
JackiePie, I'm not saying it is
4i have always been trying to run from the specters in my past
oh wow
I'm saying that's what the ignorant masses see it as
Okay you want me to be quiet now
Wow, he sounds like the guy from Pirates of the Carribean
GRRM: 18+ pony chat
/me 9shakes her head again, not believing him.
I didn't realize I did something so wrong
GRRM: it's the "mature" section of the pony-chats
15(inb4 Gilda)
why is there an sperger's discussion in this chan
4moving from city to city
DecapKing: +2 to speech.
There isn't
oh
Not anymore
there isnt
good
GRRM, varies between sexy rp and politics discussion
dont even pay attention
7(oh yeah, guess I should mention that, Fluttershy, we /do/ write clopfic in here occaisionally...sometimes...a lot)
>mfw I have no idea what that is
i hate hearing about it :V
sexy rp and politics eh?
...
..............
ANYways
Geez. Thats twice I've come in to IRC and people are discussing autism.
!hug
?
me
Hugtiem? :3
everyone! to the batca---err...#equestriaafterdark!
Note to self...need to watch Lord of the Rings...
/me wraps her front hooves around Sheep in a tight embrace
9clopfic...? o-0 what's that )
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around Spose in a tight embrace
don't know if you're kidding, but he IS the guy from Pirates of the Caribbean
<333
4until i went and atoned for what i have done
lol
yes
Okay. I need to find a single quote from a random movie and remix it.
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
4(you will learn)
Oh really?! Didn't know that
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps TragicStoryTeller
YES hundreds
7SHE'S TOO INNOCENT
Derpy to the rescue.
tes
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
yes!
yep, Orlando Bloom
/me 15waits for MirthTinker to speak again. He knows that only she can let tell him what needs saying.
yes
I stole your glomp
What did I say?
omg....
!hug
/me 7resolves to never mention clopping again in the presence of Fluttershy
15(clopfic is... well, do you know what clopping means?)
Hugtiem? :3
yes
/me wraps her front hooves around JackiePie in a tight embrace
07We had someone liften with us on our wifi.. while he was visiting various "evil" websites
I tried going to EquestriaAfterDark.
T_T
sorry
Assuming you were referring to me
vid
*Ahem* It is the pony equivalent of....oh should I spoil the pure innocence?)
you dont need to say yes to hugtiem
I didn't know
well I mean do they
4do you get what im saying Fluttershy?
xD
9um... clopping is the sounds horses make when they walk/run? )
7we don't need to talk about it if somepony doesn't know, we can't corrupt the innocent like that can we?
Weiiiiirrrrdddd place. My adult mind couldn't even fathom it
Is LotR a good series?
Worth watching?
15(okay, let her keep the innocence. I can't ruin that for anypony so cute)
not a clue in the world
sorry
7yes, that is EXACTLY what it means Fluttershy
it's a baaaaaad place
I think so
I've never been to EqAD
*inception button* BRAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
(Well...we COULD)
No, it's horrible. Best not to bother.
I'd say so, definitely
assuming you're talking about the movie trilogy
and, sadly, I have to moderate it T_T
CogWeaver, dont' hate
7NO
oops, gtg, ttyl
/me plans to never visit EquestriaAfterDark.
9.... In real life, my mind is far from innocent. I just have never heard of this term before. )
lolol Dashite
xD
No, the TV show
7...oh
good policy, Knight
I jump in and the first thing I see is a violence fic
oh, well then in that case, I have no idea XD
4(pony based erotica)
/me 15goes to find images...
7well, you never know
Wait what? Fluttershy is here now?
I hate violence fics...
/me totally thought she was going to watch Val RP with himself.
omg...
/me 13is in such a bad mood >.<
>_<
Or you were being sarcastic...
dang
4(yes)
Hi
6D: Why Octi. . ?
(....)
I'm doing too many things at once sorry, lol
6I mean, I am too, but. . .
I jump in and people scream profanities because they can. Sounds like anyone with an anonymous mask and a way to talk.
Hello mook
9ooohhhh! )
I'm a little absent-minded to obviousness right now
7clopping...to put this delicately...
9Ah. I get it now. Hehe. )
Hiya Dashite.
(*Waits for thought to sink in*)
I was like, "What? No! Fictional violence is supposed to be over the top and funny, not like this!"
hi sheep
Obviously not
9I call it 'bucking' because if you replace the b with an f... >> )
See: Mortal Kombat
:P
13Just... meh. So many things stressin me out right now.
4(we get it)
I agree to that Rainbow
I want a Fluttershy plushie :(
15(clopping is the pony equivalent of fapping)
now everyone who was just in EAD thinks we're weird :<
Octy! Don't feel sad! Feel happy!
:-p
13Feel so trapped and lost.
so you're joking about not having seen it?
I want a rainbow Plushie
7http://mylittlefacewhen.com/media/faces/225.png
So who wants to hear some Season 2 spoilers?
I'm confused
meh let 'em
You spin my head right round, right round
No, I really haven't seen it
How about I sing you the song of my people?
Just the first movie actually
/me wraps both hooves around Octavia
15that's the one i was looking for RS
13lol
I really don't want to hear spoilers, no, lol
(And thats how equestria was made)
6I know how you feel. . .
15lawl
/me 13hugs VV back
Grey Rainbow Dash
Spose, stupid Rihanna ruined that song for me
That's actually a flashback sequence
/me joins in the hug
She did, but then ponies made it better again.
/me throws a cake at Octavia...I mean hugs Octavia
Tux didn't you invite me to EAD?
Spin Vynl is the cutest thing ever.
wow, so flashback is a user here :P
I hate it when crappy pop acts sample/cover songs
don't want to hear, even if it's a joke
13I dunno. Over-reacting probably.
ello everyone
13lol
Eh, they do it right sometimes.
4(so we have that sorted out?)
JackiePie, yeah, nm though.
I think that Lyra and Bon-Bon should be portrayed as Filly Foolers
Anyway, that's over)
Like Kanye did Power.
9xP )
okay
It kind of ties the storyline together a bit more
Spose, I've never seen it done well
ever.
13Everytime I see that Ask Octavia blog too I feel like I'm going to rage up a storm.
Its like 12 girls for every one boy.
7also, I've written clopfic, which is saucy relations between ponies or characters from the show
15(anyways, waiting on you Tinkerbelle)
9- laughs like Pinkamena Diane Pie - )
Everyone is a filly fooler
exactly
btw http://ponyspin.com/ got a konami code
I mean, canon
I apologize for earlier, I just was trying to educate people.
15(also i've starred in several clopfics)
but i have no idea how to input it
/me has no idea what that is
4(im waiting on you Fluttershy)
13Feels like someone trying to steal your identity and going rampant with it. Because they can draw that makes them -the- Octavia?!
I heard 21st Century Schizoid Man.
The shock scene with all the ponies is when they find out they are being accompanied by Luna
Didn't like it much. Like Kanye's better.
Hes a total asshole, but hes also a good artist.
But that's all the spoilers I know
So yeah
JackiePie, np, personally I don't see what's wrong with that.
9DecapKing: ah sorry )
Apparently we can only discuss ponies here
(My friend, emerald is a furry erotica writer, infected me with the erotica bug XP
JackiePie, it's fine. Monologues are an Aspergian's specialty. Ya can't do them all the time though
/me 9trembles, but nods. "Still..."
ANYWAY
I wasn't doing a monologue
Season 2
9 days
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8srUyAIjCdo Thats why I like Power. I watch that every day.
I was fine with the discussion, but...
whats aspergers
and some odd hours and what not
07yep!
/me 13doesn't look Silver in the eye. "Silvermane...it doesn't work like that. I never had control of you before, you made /that/ painfully obvious. Its a matter of the breakdown in our mutual trust now...I don't know if I can trust you anymore."
9I've been RPing since I was 13, guys. =w=; I didn't really do anything erotic til about 15, but still. )
:(
I bet you are excited!
4if you think what you did was bad, then you dont want to know what i have done
13Like that fucken Vicki bitch. Got the part to voice Octavia in The Vinyl Scratch Tapes project then proceeded to call me a poser. ME!? I'm the fucken original bitch!? If ANYONE is the embodiment of Octavia, its me!
07YEP!
Thats just a weird thing to discuss between bronies.
feio345: it's a social disorder
ohay Luna
Your first camo since episode 2
feio345, it's a form of high-functioning neurological disorder that is loosely related to autism
:D
Ponism is supposed to be a escape, and talking about our disorders defeats the point.
07and 18hrs:31mins before BMN Starts!
Is it a monologue when I normal person tries to explain something?
Luna! Hiya
/me hugs Luna
oh ok
So, I assume that 100% of people in this channel have been officially diagnosed with Asperger's.
07We have a great line up!
OOC Fluttershy: New perk. My head is full of fuck... +35 to insanity, +15 to charisma)
I have that
SO back to ponies
07I mean Rocky horror!
15(^)
Radimir, not I sir
i have dyspraxia
Yeah, why are we talking about that anyway?
your arguements are inert
/me 9shakes her head violently. "But you don't get it!" Fluttershy cried, lifting up her head. "If I've done this, who knows what else I'll do?! Celestia... s-she'll lock me away..."
I mean True Romance!
I just have ADD
has everyone seen this? (hold on 2 secs)
I'm actually enrolled in the Haugland Learning Center
Rocky is still alive?
13(Fluttershy, yfw I have a 50 page log of SilverxMe rp campaign)
Which is for people with Aspergers
We're discussing what ever you want to Ali
6Mmmmmm.. .
Radimir, look what you did
I thought Rainbow Dash killed him
07no no.. the rocky horror picture show :)
07not Rocky the movie ;)
I just wanted to watch the world burn.
13Maybe I've grown a bit partial to Octavia and being the one who coined her name, or one of the originals anyway... I feel like... uggggh!
9MirthTinker: oh dear )
He has his own show now too?!
/me hugs BronyState
6Thus the feeling I had about having things stolen comes back. . .
You're a pyromaniac!
13Yeah...
/me 4places a hoof on Fluttershy's shoulder
9DeniedExistenceMobile: Huh? o-o )
(This is relevant to my interests)
/me hands Radimir gasoline
I think
I guess since everyone's opening up about their diagnoses, I probably should too.
that is the cutest thing i've ever seen
What if the mods get mad
/me 6facehoofs
4(fallout?)
Well I wasn't talking about the movie either :S
6It is okay Octavia. . . Let it out as you need to. . . We are here.
or one of.
07lol
Yeah, well not exactly, Sir Lintsalot has his own show, and Rocky is his sidekick.
(It's a meme name)
9I think I feel loved though I'm not sure... =w=; )
13It basically feels like someone stole my OC (I know technically she isnt mine) and is claiming it for themselves!
Then you'll still have your disorder, on the moon.
07it happends...
9People seem to like my streamception though. o-o )
(Your loved)
6Sir Lintsalot should get his own spinoff.
I don't want to be kicked just for trying to explain something.
0Fiiiine
Pfft, the mods won't care unless we start spamming or talking about +18 stuff
13They are basically stealing my identity and I'M being called the fake.
Anyword about Mr. Turnip?
Time and place to discuss stuff.
like the Hamlet thing I was saying earlier
/me 15looks down at his hooves. "You probably shouldn't trust me. At least not yet. I broke your trust, even if it wasn't on purpose. I never meant to lead her to believe I was... but I talked to her and straightened things out, at least a little."
/me 9blinks, then lowers her head, tearing up again. "Oh what do I do...? I'm in love with a colt who loves somepony else."
(I must see this log eventually MirthTinker )
Is Madame LeFlour doing her own cooking show now?
4listen, i have met Princess Celestia, and even after the rampage, she still let me stay here
15(oh yes you must)
0Oh, hey, right there at #2...
Okay, who broke my internet.
/me has found something interesting to read, and so will not only be heavily distracted, but completely undisturbable for the next little while...
13I've got a googledoc for it, most of it is raw, but the last half to quarter of it is just Silver and I's responses
so yeah, I'm really getting into a lot of these new indie synthpop bands that have been popping up recently.
/me wonders if Pizzicato is still here
4i have been through something like that before
Like?
07The best thing you can do is ignore them..
Huh?
AAAnyways everypony, I'm going to go grab a bite to eat, I'll be back later if anypony is interested.
Later Sheep!
ciao guys
I guess someone BAROQUE'D Spose's internet!
wow...this is starting to get annoying
13https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Qs_gd858-qIbyqdRg3MhEKPZO8uwWTFuwkuWZcc9na4/edit?pli=1&hl=en_US
*rimshot*
badumching!
the disconnects that is
15(let's just assume only about 1/3 of it is us bucking... >.> )
I don't get it Rainbow Dash, but my feelings are hurt all the same.
4it ended in heartbreak, but through that i was able to make myself stronger
JackiePie, Miami Horror, Crystal Castles (woohoo fellow Torontonians), The Naked and Famous, Beef Terminal (again, fellow T-Dotter)
13careful, its been known to slow or crash slower computers
13Yeah. But its not me. Its the community.
...Why do ponies have cows and pigs?
I guess they can use the cow's milk.
Goldfrapp, La Roux, Royksopp
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zst3QUsPRY
Spose, I wasn't making fun of your internet, I was making a pun on the word broke
But why the pigs?
(I loaded it in 1 sec)
I've heard of Crystal Castle
and the last 3 bands you've mentioned
I <3 Goldfrapp
15(mfw we spent this much time RPing and it's not even canon to our plot. lawl)
9I have a good laptop. ^^ It was slow for a bit now it's good. )
Oh, I get it now.
13(well, it hasn't done it for me, somepony else just told me it did)
Baroque is a period of music history in the 1700's-1800's
(Do I get a cookie?)
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
JackiePie, definitely check out Miami Horror then
/me wraps her front hooves around Spose in a tight embrace
you'd like them
15(you got many cookies. when you opened that file)
i will
6Octavia, if it means anything, we can not change the community, but you ARE Octavia to us. You always will be.
(xD)
On to my demo
/me is counting down
Later guyz
13(mfw implied viruses?)
bye
07Indeed
yeah! Screw them! WE'RE your community!
See ya!
I guess you could put The Yeah Yeah Yeahs in that group too
Oh, installing.
phuken jackets
Blegh.
bye
and Florence and the Machine
but yeah, looking forward to seeing True Romance again
15(no, cookies. small bits of data used to streamline loading of pages
(I am on an IPhone, I fear no
Florence <3
virii)
/me hugs Octavia once more
ot
err
Wolf Like Me by TV on the Radio.
Tux do you like Lykke Li?
stupid keyboard
http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lr8k8oHOz41r2av34o1_500.gif Poor Lyra! Look at her face!
13Thanks guys.
/me 13hugs back
and yes, Lykke Li is awesome
Little Dragon is good too
Parasprites must DIE
we're bronies, we never let one of our own fall ;)
I was going to see her in concert, then found out they sold the tickets in June
(Anyway, we are off track, back to story)
Like who the heck sells tickets that bloody early?
lol
Deadmau5
The concert wasn't even until fall
The number 1 is my enemy today.
13I...don't think I'm ready to accept that, I haven't seen anything to show the contrary.
he started selling tickets for his Toronto show in November at the start of summer
I saw Deadmau5 on an MTV Music Awards
/me 9looks up, then back down. "What if I disappeared permanently...?" Fluttershy teared up at the thought, but her expression was serious and full of sadness and anger.
/me 13brushes the chain aside, trying to sit up with her wings still pinned
welp go I must
I really wanna go see him in Nov.
Oh no!
First my DLC won't work because it won't download past 1%, then my demo won't install past 1%
Before Lyra becomes cry Lyra
At first I was confused as to why there were Mickey Mouse ears showing up on MTV
Looking forward to also seeing the new season of The Office
15(mirthtinker, i got off of you and put the chain back on. )
lol
Somebody go fetch that cake
15(like, a while ago)
heyy, somepony go find that comic of sadlyra in episode 1
13(oh)
4that would be something no pony should ever want to do
the one that's hidden behind secutity at Aperture labs
*security
JackiePie, since you mentioned that you like Royksopp...I'm doing a PMV involving their tune "Happy Up Here"
/me hugs Fluttershy harder.
Nice, by like them though, I meant I saw the video for one of their songs ages ago and liked it.
/me 13sat up, brushing the chain aside and walking towards the door. "When you're /really/ sorry and ready to apologize, you'll know where I am. Until then, don't talk to me."
Not I listen to their music all the time like them
/me gained +7 to hugz.
4i mean, it will hurt at first, but it will only be able to go as you live your life
ahh ok
/me 15nodded meekly. "I understand. It'll take time to prove to you that nothing happened, and that nothing was happening. I'm sorry, i truly... *pant* am..."
I'm a big fan of theirs
have been since about 2000 or so
bleep bloop
07blib
/me 15starts gasping for breath, suddenly breaking out into a cold sweat.
>:( Bloop.
I'm looking forward to bleeping the bloop
Maybe I heard about them because Remind Me was used in a Geico ad
0What's all this bleeping and blooping about? You kids and your new-fangled gadgets!
@Pony who will murder RobotPinkie?
4all you can really do is just move along
heh, Happy Up Here is being used right now in a series of ads for Bell Canada
wayto not work... grr.
6I know overall, being in music, it always feels like there is someone better; Someone to replace you in fame or skill, and then you are left in the dark to pick up the pieces and have to work harder and harder to assure others of who you are.
that's not very nice, Suffuri :(
Okay. I'm going to man up and punch my internet in its face till it works. Its what MLP taught me to do.
first heard of them on this mix CD someone gave me
!moon
/me 13recognized the tin that was still out. "You know what? You brought this on yourself with that addiction of yours. I told you about that cola and what it does to you, you'll find no sympathy from me now." Her cutie mark shimmers, then dulls, the pink streak in her hair turning grey.
Grab my tail, Spose!
I'll have to look at your crazy long doc later. >> it didn't crash my computer but it crashed my internet )
we all wanted to know gwahahahaaa
Well that was fun
how do you bold names like that?
and actually, speaking of that CD, it also had an amazing remix of Goldfrapp's Utopia on it
you... did? :O
4(do you need me to redo what i said?)
like a really cool deep house remix
yeah last time it said Pinkie Pie
yes please )
Pinkie can't be murdered :O
If I could do flash /and/ was better with video editors, I'd follow through on an idea for a PMV featuring Spike and a ponified *nsync.
!moon
Grab my tail, TuxRug!
4that would be something no pony should ever want to do
/me feels a cold chill run down his spine...
4i mean, it will hurt at first, but it will only be able to go as you live your life
13(I should really split it into a series of docs)
But on an TOALLY RELATED topic
4all you can really do is just move along
TuxRug, yeah I wish I had animation skills
I don't get it
that would make this PMV I'm doing SO much easier
/me gets up.
I hope they reveal who Scootaloo is related to in Season 2
as it is, I dunno that I can even pull it off at all
Why did Derpy kick you?
should be obvious
0Reeeeally?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0sW8KrZF5s
6but as Val said, we will not leave you in the dark! We have light and will shine it. (:
/me 15flopped to the beds surface, shivering. Between pained gasps, "Just. Go. I'll be. Fine. *gurk* So. Sorry. Tink. *whimper*"
because he went !moon
!moon
OH CRAP
The flash skills are needed for some of the lip syncing and also because I want spike to dance with nsync
Tux I always loved this album cover by Royksopp
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:TheUnderstanding.jpg
No...it isn't
whoops!
/me feels like Twilight Sparkle all of the sudden. o.o
4something wrong Denied?
/me moves towards the landing.
forgot that it goes routlett mode on us mods if we just type !moon
/me 0facehoofs
/me lowered her voice to a whisper. "I'm a bad, bad pony... I just know it."
.__.
Yeah...just this /weird/ feeling.
Huh?
13Hmm, still not sure where I know this tune from...
Scootaloo is related to Fluttershy's chickens, of coure.
TuxRug, yeah same as with my PMV....I wanted the ponies to lipsync the vocals in the song
unnamed background pony #7 (pegasus) from the Sonic Rainboom episode and the unnamed background pony #42 from the running of the leaves.
4no you arent, never say that, you are one of the nicest, most caring ponies i have ever met
/me 9looks up, her eyes dull. "What's going on...?"
thats why she cant fly and all
Ah that's the video I saw, it was for What Else Is There
inferior genes
4im not sure
ooh! good tune that
6For that one video?
/me 13looks at him levelly, then nods. "Whatever you say Silvermane, you've always been the best at communicating when things are wrong." She cut her words off with a glare that could cut steel before walking out the door. Looking over her shoulder she added, "I'll send a doctor over later, if I feel like it."
That and the dancing... I think it would be really awesome for spike to pull off some of nsync's rediculously impressive choreography
/me starts up the stairs.
4i wouldnt worry about it now
She CAN fly though...:P
She can scoot, anyway
I love her scooter skills.
I think it's just rediculous choreography
/me 9pushes herself up shakily, watching DE go up with a unreadable expression.
0Brb~
/me 15curls up in pain, mind racing as to what could have caused this sudden reaction. A trail of tears leaks from his eyes, a mix of pain and sorrow. 'Dammit... this is a stimulant... it shouldn't be able... to cause this kind... of a reaction in me... GAH'
well I enjoyed the episodes I've seen
9Confound you ponies... >< my weakness is rp... I'll never be able to leave now... )
k
have a good night
well, with my PMV, it would have random stock shots of urban architecture like billboards and LED signs and the ponies would show up on them and occasionally lipsync the refrain in the song
night
/me 4ears perk up as he hears a scream of pain
(Muahahahaha)
15(good, cuz I need sleep. that means you'll be here when i come back. woot)
If people still don't know, Scootaloo is NOT related to Rainbow Dash
4stay here
13http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2HjLN1TA3bc
13This one.
well thats a given
The strange thing about this video for What Else is There Tux, is the woman keeps dripping some weird white stuff out of the bottom of her jeans
among other ideas.
13I know that tune from somewhere.
/me 4runs upstairs to Silvermane's apartment
Rainbow Dash's parents died in the Rainbow Factory
/me 13is already out of the building, her wings beating obstinately in the air, still shaking but firmed by her twisted resolve.
13Probably from a million other remixs. lol
according to my fanfic I haven't wrote yet...
yeah their videos tend to get pretty abstract
That would be an interesting take on it
haha
I like surrealism
It's very dream like
In a shocking twist, it turns out Scootaloo is Dash's daughter
/me enters Silvermane's room, his eyes going to the open window.
I actually believe Scootaloo is related to Princess Celestia
Its a soul collector... thats why rainbow's mane is rainbow colored.
/me 9is overcome with dreadful curiosity though, and soon she rushes up as well and into Silvermane 's room, eyes widening. "Silvermane! What... what happened...?"
she was held out to be saved by her mother as she died... like a bawss.
he does music videos for people like Aphex Twin, Bjork and Squarepusher
/me 4rushes to the door and looks into the room
I believe so didn't he do the video Rubber Johnny for Aphex Twin?
yep
Scootaloo doesn't know it though, because Princess Celestia is her aunt
I'm a huge Bjork fan
4oh god
/The spell should last for like 2-3 days//
/me 7hears the commotion outside, peaking out his door. He sees Silvermane spasming on the bed and hurries to his lectern, scribbling a note addressed to his brother and sending it in a puff of smoke.
I'm willing to bet anything that's what is going to happen
I keep laughing at the idea of Spike singing this to Rarity and pulling off some of those dance moves.
http://yhoo.it/o4swcK
Oh god tink
Or mother for all I know
I like to think of his style as biopunk surrealism
/me 4rushes over to Silvermane
The singer of Royskopp are they Icelandic too, because the accent sounds similar to Bjork's
/me flies out the window into the dark night.
And Justin Timberlake's voice kinda fits Spike anyway lol
4shit, shit shit shit shit
13(I'm suffering from CMIS right now)
JackiePie, swedish actually
I wanna see Louis CK be the new voice of Spike
or no sorry, Norwegian
And Spike gets Louis CKs sense of humour
15(crazy mare... something syndrome?)
meh
whatevski
And they let Louis CK improv all of Spikes dialogue.
nah
4Silver, please dont tell me you used that stimulant that i had given you
Louis CK curses too much
(Instability syndrome?)
Happy Up Here is a great song, and I've only heard like 5 seconds of it
lol
That's the point.
13cutie mark insanity syndrome, like what Pinkamena got
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Story: Pony Space (Update Chapter 10!) (http://tinyurl.com/6j683x7)
And yea Röyksopp is Norwegian.
Ah I see
JackiePie, lol I KNOW!! I freaking LOVE that tune
best of theirs I've heard since "Poor Leno"
(What is your mark?)
I don't think it'll even be a plot point
15(decapKing, I'm on Cola leaves, been using them for a looooooong time. It's canon too)
9o-o Cola leaves? )
I really should be going to bed...
Yeah but ponies keep you all night.
unless her mother was a chicken, because that would explain a lot
Every night.
13(a queen chess piece, a red dice, and a jack)
I can see why they'd use it in an ad, it's very catchy
That's why we're here.
EqD is really distracting
Ponies, man.
(Like cocaine I am guessing...?)
/me 9stared at Silvermane for a moment longer, but she couldn't stop herself from rushing over, tears falling from her eyes. "Silvermane... I'm so sorry..."
15(stimulant, high-caffeine dosage, chemically addictive with repeated use)
more so than any social network whatever, ever
Damn, Safari...
more so than reddit
Yeah dude ponies mess you up.
JackiePie, yeah, has a really neat dreamy quality...a lot of their stuff does
Go a few days without 'em
(Special talent mirth?)
You'll get like, pony withdrawal.
Anyway, it does say that Scootaloo is the younger sister of Cheerilee in G3
Well referencing old video games, you can't go wrong with that.
I need at least one pony hit ever 12 hours.
hehe yup
(heck, we need like a list)
15(moderately fictional as they used Kola Nuts, not the leaves, but it works better for us to make it leaves)
9oooh! Kinda like my chocolate covered coffee beans? )
I've had to fill my MP3 player with pony music to get my hits on the road.
13(special talent is making toys and clockwork, bringing joy to children, that kind of stuff)
oooh, Torchwood crossover again? Awesome.
I see ponies in my sleep. I even see ponies in my games.
Damn, this keeps refreshing
4Silver, have you been using cola leaves again?
omg I just had an awesome idea for another PMV
My Ipod has Ponys and Goon show
/me speeds up, gaining on MirthTinker again.
and thats it
15(kinda. read the logs, see interesting... results of his usage during testosterone-high)
who here has seen Mad Men?
I've visited this site so much that my definition for the acronym ED has changed from the less-appropriate one to Equestria Daily
7(Silvermane and I have tossed the idea of a shipping catalog about, with character bios for reference)
Backing up to an hour or so ago
Haha.
which I guess is a good thing
You can say erectile dysfunction, d00d.
I'm gonna use the original RJD2 tune with Spike doing Aceyalone's vocals
Mirth! Slow down!
But the hell is a stream within a stream?!
9Silvermane: kinda waiting on a post from you o-o )
9Hmm I have a deep dark secret everypony...)
Oh, god, hahaha
(Sounds good RS)
seeing those commercials on TV will never be the same
/me 15mutters something, mind still racing behind his blanked eyes. 'Bastard cut my leaves with coca... not even an illicit drug... trying to kill me... Tinker is never going to trust me...'
(Oh?)
The answer better not be "a river"
Ponies on my desktop. I see ponies. I read ponies. I dream ponies. Think I'm an addict. :P
4shit
0It's when Luna shows what Fluttershy is doing during the stream, obviously.
and have pony silhouettes falling from the sky like in the Mad Men open
I don't dream ponies.
4Fluttershy, go and get some water
/me 13glances back to see DE, narrowing her eyes. She fakes a left and darts into an alleyway to the right, disappearing from sight.
But I don't remember my dreams
I need to find someone who knows flash dammit!
So maybe I do.
Define "stream"
Ha.
it's a joke, it's just when one streamer points their browser to someone else's video stream
/me 9bites her lip, but nods and rushes out of the room, coming back a little later with a bucket of water in her mouth.
/me 0points left
/me 4reaches into his bag and pulls out a syringe
Now think about the acronym out of context
I mean let's be honest, you don't need to have ED to use those pills.
I may just post an ad on craigslist
4this should help
Join the millions of people who use these pills, WINK.
/me swings high, pulling over the rows of buildings, searching the ground for movement.
*scratches head*
I actually dreamt about Applejack dreaming about Rainbow dying. Went into the first part of a fanfic I'm working on (Sequel to Shattered Rainbow)
Haha...?
/me 4injects the contents of the syringe into Silvermane
So yeah, pony dream within a pony dream
TuxOtaku: If you want someone to do something you want to do, well, I mean, that's commercialism. That's how that industry started. You're gonna have to pay for that.
That would be interesting.
TuxOtaku, Ponyception?
0Stream = live online broadcast
bwaaaaauuuuummmm
/me sees the flutter of wings, diving low and returning onto MirthTinker's tail.
/me has dreamed of being in an insane Vinyl Scratch rave party. Only to get a headache when waking up.
I wanna see someone try Pokemon Inception
I was pinged in here, but it's gone off my scrollback, so please resend it
/me 9flinches as she watches, starting to hyperventilate. "It's my fault... he's going to die and it's my fault..." she whimpered.
did you just ping youself, TuxOtaku ?
grrr
TuxRug, you need to rethink your name
lol
Mirth! Stop for gods sakes!
mine is already registered on this network
4no it isnt
has been for years
I've been using this for years, just not hear
like in Inception, a dream within a dream.
same
*here
you search my real name and this nick will invariably come up
You need to settle these name disputes with an epic game of...
15(cola leaves: Stimulant, chemically addictive with repeated use. OTC drug, commonly used by college aged ponies to maintain alertness during late nights. Side effects include aggression, exhaustion, insomnia, and irritability. Sold in grey-markets as it is frowned upon to use cola.)
4its the pony who dealt to him, thats whos fault it is
/me 13appears slightly annoyed that she couldn't shake her pursuer, flying dangerously low to the ground and zipping between carts and ponies on the street in an attempt to confuse him.
...JAN KEN PON (Rock Paper Scissors)
no settling.
...Okay I'm kidding.
Your going to bust yourself up! We got lucky that that wall didn't want seconds!
I own tuxotaku.com
lol
dammit.
Not sure how that would work
TuxOtaku: that wouldn't happen with me, because my name is incredibly common.
TuxOtaku: I own tuxrug.net
Fuck timezones.
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Story: Knights of Equestria (Update Story 2 Part 4+5!) (http://tinyurl.com/66hx5jc)
7Hold on everpony! My brother Maleficent is a doctor, and I just told him what's going on, hold on Silvermane!
DOPPELGANGER!
It's..
STREAMCEPTION
sorry Dari, busy night.
/me 9cries, and stomps her hooves on the ground, too frustrated for words.
/me ducks and weaves, dodging the paraphernalia cluttering the streets.
quick google for TuxRug shows me going back to January 2006
FUCKING SAFARI
omg
4Reticent, can you calm her down?
Use Chrome.. or Firefox.
Oooo...comic
I started using MY nick around the same time
Better yet, use IE6 XD
New post on Equestria Daily by Cereal Velocity: Comic: Dummy Marks For Cuties (http://tinyurl.com/3jt8lrw)
who the crap are you?!
Lol!
lol
/me 4winks into existence, the teleportation fading
Twins?
Yo TuxOtaku, when you get defeated again, pick a different loadout this time. Scout, Jetpack, Active Camo, Armor Lock, whatever
photobucket! upload faster!
I don't think there's anything to do about it, we'll always be 6 hours apart... So it will be your bedtime when I am just getting home from school.
9Oh yeah, I almost forgot about my secret. o-o I'm in casual pony dress today. )
Your last Hologram loadout gained a mind of its own
:p
9I mean, right now.)
4I'm here lil bro, oh dear, this looks like a caffeine overdose, hold still.
I do like that comic
4(bow chicka wow wow)
Haha
RainbowDashCancel, you lost me there.
Imma probably gonna start bringing my computer to school soon.
The most powerful browser ever
9xP )
I'm not really a gamer.
/me 4lets Maleficent through
/me flies through a grocery cart, shaking off some hanging lettuce.
/me 15watches the world darken as his body puts him to sleep to numb the pain. His last thoughts are confused, wondering how he could have hurt such two important fillies, and how he could have been stupid enough to not notice the stronger stimulant leaves mixed in with his normal cola.
Okay, it was a dumb Halo Reach reference. I must be in the wrong area
yeah I haven't played halo since halo 2
/me 4goes and hugs Fluttershy in an attempt to calm her down
TuxOtaku: just found your photo on your website... we could almost pass off as related.
anyway.
jesus
good night guys <3
/me 4fires a spell to restrain Silvermane to the bed. Trotting forward, he examines Silvermane's condition (I'm no med student, don't push me) and attempts to calm his rapid heartrate with an anesthesia spell.
/me 9shakes off DecapKing, lowering her head, letting choking sobs overtake her already shaking frame.
you're freaking me out dude, lol
I feel like I just ate some bad acid.
Mirth! I dont know how it works but I know magic doesn't work well under extreme stress! Who knows when you might change back!
you know you've had too much pony when you accidentally pronouce the word "fool" as "foal" in public
15(Coca leaves: Stimulant, illicit drug. Commonly found in use by those who no longer get a reaction from weaker stimulants. Due to severe medical side effects, as many ponies are violently allergic to it, Coca is completely illegal in Equestria. Side effects include deranged thoughts, confusion, cold sweats, shaking, loss of consciousness, and vomiting.)
I'm terrified I'm going to someday say 'everypony' or some varient
with my accent it sounds like Foal anyway
/me 13"I. Don't. CARE!" She bucks the closest stand, tipping it over behind her and hiding behind it quickly hoping he'll pass over it.
/me 4brings Fluttershy's eyes up to his "We should probably leave and let the doctor do his work"
So..
And now, some appropriate music for Tux and Tux
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdIlP488n14
I know right! I said "thank celestia once! I'm sooo glad I was by myself. Been reading way too many fan fics
/me slows to a hover.
!moon
Grab my tail, Dark_Fawful!
/me 9freezes, then narrows her eyes. "You... will not make me go... ANYWHERE!"
barely, tux. Then again I look like everybody it seems. one of my college profs thought my ex and I were related (not even same nationality, she's hispanic, I'm completely caucasian)
/me scans the streets for a sign as to where MirthTinker went.
/me 4shudders as he feels a chill rush down his spine
The comic was indeed awesome
lol
/me 9whispers after a moment, voice full of suppressed emotions. "Do you understand me?"
4i do
15(what's funny, is that Canon mirthtinker doesn't know that Silvermane uses cola leaves yet. She only saw the tin, but never what was inside. )
Uh, yeah, class at 9, gotta get up kinda early
Should probably go to sleep
4i used to be in a dark place, just like where you are now
/me 4works with a stern look on his face, his horn glowing as he scans Silvermane's vitals. After a moment, he reaches into his medical bag and levitates a syringe. Embedding it into Silver's leg, he pushes the plunger and steps back. "That's all we can do for now, he just needs to rest and relax."
Maybe I'll have a pony dream
Finding a recent photo is hard...
Hopefully
/me mutter under his breath, "Dammit Mirth, I pray to Celestia that I will be there to catch you when you do...."
/me 9turns away after a moment, lowering her head, voice still a whisper. "I'm a foal... but I still love him regardless..."
To the moon!
What an honor
13(yes, but this is FAR from canon)
!moon
Grab my tail, RainbowDashCancel!
15(no kidding >.> )
TuxOtaku: you actually look a bit like one of my cousins.
4(maybe its a different canon)
ohay again, Luna
9-clings to Silvermane- >> you're not escaping from me so easily... )
Finally I feel full.
13(I wonder what the effects of CMIS would have on transformative magic? 0.0)
(So then when will we be heading into 'canon'?
Early bed. Night everypony.
I feel so weird, when it's like my body just feels like "eat eat eat!"
may I ask what server and room this chat is in so I can hop over onto chatzilla?
night Nittany_Tiger_
15(EEP umm... oh dear. *whimper* how did she know what i'm into?)
Night Nittany
13(canon story was within that link, I have the most recent posts in another file)
07mib_4b8djz one moment
(What do you think I am running my mouth off about MT?)
thanks
0Night
#BronyState?
Hoo. (Channel stats page updated! View at: http://kamek.piiym-net.com/chromadancer )
/me 4goes and attempts to get Fluttershy off of Silvermane
night
pretty sure it's irc.bronyserv.co.cc
07irc.bronyserv.co.cc
right, but hopefully Luna can find me a server as well. I found it once upon a time but forgot where
ah ok thank you very much :-)
07indeed but we will be switch over soon again
I'm just more comfortable on Chatzilla I guess XD
9This COULD be a canon... )
15(DecapKing, that was OOC clinging to me)
/me sighs, then takes off high into the sky.
9It's so dramatic and involved. )
ah, will that change the room/server name?
4(oh)
/me 4"Well, looks like I'm no longer needed here, I'll have Reticent here send you my house call bill later." Winks out of the room in a flash of teleportation magic.
oiy....
FINALLY
it'll change server... no idea to what, I've been asking :P
WOOO, Star Fox 64 3D comes out tomorrow!
(Silvermane: That is the effect I have been thinking of)
twi version finished
http://i142.photobucket.com/albums/r118/ValtheJean/TwiBox.jpg
Err...I mean, PONIES, FRIENDSHIP, MAGIC!!
/me 4walks over to the side of Silvermane's bed
13(this interferes a LOT with the established plot, it would be hard to work in all the details)
ah ok, well I'll make the appropriate adjustments when the time comes XD
Haha, Marshmellon's quote references me.
I feel soooo important for some funny reason.
once Majora's Mask and Super Mario 64 are out on 3DS, I'm getting one
4so, how you feeling?
15(inb4 Garnet... >.> no kidding.)
6Good job Val!
/me 9pauses, then follows DecapKing, silently watching Silvermane.
/me 15rolls over, no longer simply unconscious but now in a pained sleep.
13(that filly is happening whether you like it or not :P)
thank you violet :D
TuxOtaku: probably the most recent photo I can find that's relatively decent. I'm on the left in the Thunderwolves hoodie.
http://bit.ly/pHsLIg
15(yeah yeah yeah... damn)
Majora's Mask might not be that far away on the 3DS
Like I said, not a lot of resemblance, but enough to fool some people.
The creator does want to create a remake of that game
Daww, you look like a teddy bear
it's already tempting, but that would settle the deal
Is that a good thing, JackiePie ?
Yes, it means you're cute
Sweet, it's working.
9what are you guys talking about? o-o )
What if a My Little Pony game came out exclusively for it?
15(nothing. nothing at all.)
/me stops on a cloud and pulls out a notepad and pen.
13(uhhh...nothing)
I mean a good game
6I like it and think it will make a wonderful background!
Well, that would obviously settle it, if it's any good...
/me blushes
4we should probably let him get his sleep
Well...let's see here...
"Total pageviews" - Real, or scripted?
I'd get pretty much any console for a good FiM game...
/me giggles~
I doubt it will come anywhere near the quality of the show
07Looks great Val!
7speaking of sleep and lack thereof...
6Oh you~ Keep up the wonderful work okay?
15yeah, should probably wrap it for tonight
6I am goig to get my 50 minutes of sleep. . .
/me *dash salute*
9.... tell me anyway? >> )
and thanks Luna
15(nein)
It'll probably be like "OH NO, APPLE JACK LOST HER APPLES, CAN YOU FIND THEM!?"
dream of many ponies violet
It's been about 1 day and 14 hours since we cast that spell....
7Mirth is pregnant in canon and non-canon storylines depict her already having the foal
15we don't know that yet though
Wassap?
myeah... it's kinda weird how all the related media for FiM really talks down to kids already
9-looks down- oh... )
9-feels left out- ._. )
7yes we do, you just don't want to admit that not using protection 3 times is a bad idea >.>
We should protest by not watching the show!!
Based upon that and assuming a 200% drain rate...
/me 15rolls his eyes. "In canon I mean"
lolol yeah right :P
NEVER!!!
hay Centigrade
TuxRug, yeah it's the eyes and the moustache that make you seem slughtly hispanic
:troll:
Actually 300%
crap
trollemoticons doesn't work here
13even in canon, where do you think all your 'silvergoo' went?
9;_; Pregnancy is my weakness... especially illicit pregnancy )
15... it's been a week. we know Jack
not sure if the photo on my page has it or not...but I recently shaved off my moustache because my gf is really ticklish and would go into fits of laughter if I tried kissing her
That gives me 9 hours give or take a few before Mirth drops out of the sky....
13well yeah, I'm just saying she's /going/ to find out about it
0750 mins poor Girl :(
it does kinda bug me hearing Celestia say "my wings are so pretty!" etc.
mmhmm
reminds me when I used to be in the animation department
15eventually... but for now let him dream that he didn't completely screw up royally
13also, what do you mean by illicit? like describing the baby bump and stuff?
ohey! the pinkie upload didn't take hours!
07I completely forgot to mention us on Google+...
9Methinks there's a disagreement of plotline here?
9)
http://i142.photobucket.com/albums/r118/ValtheJean/PinkieBox.jpg
07Note to self... DO IT NEXT TIME
we have a google+
?
07I use my own account for it
and i'd bet a game would be on pretty much that level
That's cute
15she's just teasing me
13oh yeah, of course, she's going to keep it a secret until she knows for sure
07+600 bronies in it
Celestia says "my wings are so pretty!"??
NARCISSISM!
her toy does, myeah
9sounds dramatic
15read the logs, and you'll understand it fully. (It's rated nc-17)
it should say "Do you like mmmmmm bananas?"
13okay, tomorrow, we show these shippers our CANON story
lol
15indeed. I promise to take you on a real date, like a true gentlecolt
0lol
4is it more dramatic than this story?
15no hoof blades, i swear
9oh dear...
So, you're a bee-yetch who likes mmmmm bananas?
...
Ok, however my father is still canonic.
9-glares at Silvermane-
mfw fluttershy's hair is the same color as pinkie's base color...
9You... you... you....
someone should hack a celestia toy to say that :P
13should MrPeddington's true nature be canon? I'm pretty tempted to do that...
/me 15shuffles away from the glare
...and then put it back in the store
they should.
They really should
9GAH!
XD "Mommy why does she say that!?"
Oh wait...Fluttershy doesn't know my backstory
4Silvermane? use hoof blades?
07if you were around during the test you should have seen enough Celestia :)
15I MEANT IN THE CANON STORY
15DON'T HURT ME
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON-aaaah! BEEEEEEEEEEY-ETCH!
9I'm sooo angry!!!
I did, and boy were her wings pretty, Luna!
07hehehe yes
13Fluttershy, you haven't come up in canon yet, but you're welcome to sit in and make an appearance
15and this, colts, is why you never juggle two fillies
4that sounds like something i would do....
/me 15owns a hoof blade, in canon. READ THE BLOODY LOGS
lol I still kinda want that toy :P
4yeah, i know, cause im not as stupid as you Silver
/me 13I know dear, I know
Ok one of us just scared away four bronies...
So, Luna (Equestria's rightful queen), Octavia, you guys are going to be live-streaming S2?
O_o
4does Fluttershy not know about DE's backstory?
6Pinkie looks good Val. . . Do not stop the good work. . .
Should I tell Fluttershy my back story or let it come up in canon?
I blame cog
7oh Fluttershy? you probably shouldn't be too jealous of Silvermane's relationship...I'll tell you about it later
9-tears up, suddenly her anger deflating- ....
Yeah, i blame cog aswell.
S2 will be live streamed here, or I will eat my hat
...
what'd *I* do?
thanks, but shouldn't you be sleeping? O_o
/me 15breaks multiple reality molds and hugs Fluttershy. "shhh Shy-Shy I'm sorry that all this happened so fast. i wish I could have explained it to you in private, I'm sorry"
:)
:D
ok....I love my dog...but I'm getting sick of dog hair everywhere. I just took a bite out of a plum that I JUST TOOK OUT OF THE FRIDGE and it had dog hair on it
Hats aren't very good for the digestion :-(
Wait, you're not Luna.
Yer also I balme him
If only you would let me tie you up and take you to SummerRain, this kinda thing wouldnt happen
I was like "wtf! I wanted a plum, not a peach!"
I will hold you to your word Pinkie
OR Octavia!
7no...really...when I tell you you'll shit bricks
4i wonder if i should tell my backstory.....
9-sniffles- Darn it... you made me fall for you... hard.
/me facehoofs* oh...you're still on THAT, Filter?
6I. . . just wanted to let you know that. . .
I totally am
6I am going now. . .
awwwww
shes gonna kill me man
no, I'm not, but they've said they'll stream S2, so...
NOW GO TO SLEEP BEFORE I HAUNT YOUR DREAMS
Anyone know if you can buy a season pass for Season 2 on iTunes?
I have pieced yours together Decap
SHES GONNA GLOMP ME TO DEATH
15*blinks* Man, I'm oblivious. I REALLY need to pay better attention... (only a minor reference to canon events there... >.> )
Sorry, first time on this site.
Don't have iTunes :(
...
not to be rude but...
9><
how is this my problem?
RobotPinkie, download it.
:P
7okay everpony, I'm off to bed, goodnight
4well im not supprised that you have DE
9-puts her hooves on Silvermane's shoulders- Ahhhh1
9!*
I really wanted to get Season 1 in HD
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjBjtktLT9U&feature=player_embedded#!
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
But damn, $50
Twilight told me this video is about Flutter F (Theme from Canterlot Palace Guard) [No BGM]
Renews his cog hunt with a fever
I don't think it'll work on Linux
15night ReticentSmolder
It should
^ How is Sweetie Belle bass in this?
Goodmight RD
NOPE.AVI
13so Silver, we're on for canon tomorrow, even though its a movie night right?
It doesn't
07Sweet dreams Violet
Fuuuck this keyboard
15sure Tinkerbelle
9You you you you...! -hangs her head-
If only there was a coupon for 50% off on iTunes stuff
9-sniffles- ...
lol
Goodnight RS**
There are ways to BS itunes credit
15(hey guys, watch me create another canon reality again)
13Fluttershy...if you want you can have him
Yeah, appdb gives iTunes a "garbage" rating
4Fluttershy, you sound like you need a distraction
9MirthTinker: o-o; are you for srs?
9serious* >>
13well, not in mane canon, but in the alternate canon perhaps
/me 15lifts Fluttershy's face up and kisses her gently
15:D
0I love iTunes on my Mac, I skinned it and modded the hell out of it, and it's awesome now.
Is there any other way to download MLP 'Leagally'?
9Silvermane: player... )
0www.thepiratebay.org
13really...he's not playing anypony, trust me
Pretty sure it's only available on iTunes
/me 9blinks, taking a moment to catch on, then eyes widen. "Ahh...."
15(I'm good at the field, what can i say. it's a good thing cheating of any sort is the highest sin in my book)
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DSD5XV2JEA&feature=colike
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Flutter Cove
Haha
Sounds like a job for...*Looks around* *hangs head* *Sigh* ...the writer is forever alone...
0I've got every episode, I could upload each of them to mediafire...
But yeah, that's the only place I've seen it
Yeah I'm pirating it until they release a box set...
9DeniedExistenceMobile: -pats head- )
I don't wanna get caught pirating though :(
13sorry DE, Ret already left :P
We're losing people!
(Me too silver)
....
9I'm still really confused because I was told one thing now I'm being told another! AHHHH! )
Especially for My Little Pony
well, then find the eps on megaupload and such?
4i can confuse you even more
15(like I said, i created a new reality. again.)
13should I just tell her?
Still Pirating
15yes
or if you use firefox, get the "youtube video downloader"
9Oh dear...
0There were pony blurays at the local target
Oh, he definitely /left/, Mirth.
13okay, truth is, I'm ReticentSmolder's double, he plays multiple persona's
you can download all the eps in 1080p in mp4 files that way
/me has quit (Quit: )
wat, Centigrade?
13so in reality, Silver is shipping with a guy playing a filly
/me 15laughs at the sheer volume of shit-bricks we dropped upon poor Fluttershy in the course of a few hours
0Yep, MLP:FiM BluRays
07Alright Val
07time for me to leave too
And I am really DecapKing's double
07it's 7:20 AM
9o-o oh. That's it? I already caught onto that from the earlier conversation.
4eeeeyup
No, I lied
9That you were the double, I mean.
13Everyone be leaving. Goodnight guys.
4yeah, im just a dude
9=_=; But I couldn't be sure if you were a guy or not.
07Sorry.. my eyes are shutting down in auto-mode now
9In a way... I find that... disturbing but not unbelievable.
This room is far more active than most IRC chatrooms I've been in. There's one that has over 200 people in it and NOBODY is speaking a word, lmao XD
07and I need to stream tonight...
13I get that a lot >.> even irl
13Its alright Luna.
9I've rped so many guys in the past though so...
9Yeah.
9o-o
0lol
DecapKing is not nearly as awesome a writer as me *Trollface*
07Octa will you post your newsletter idea whenever it's ready?
9Guys, girls, hermaphrodites... (not even joking about the hermaphrodite part)
4want to hear the backstory i made up for this charecter using some events from my life?
0Cupcakes
13I pull off women a little /too/ naturally at times
*Sigh* but he gets all the ladies...
I didn't see anything about Blu-Rays on Target's site
13Eh... I'm working on it a little. But its slow going I'm afraid.
9You're very believable MirthTinker ^^
/me 15gets ALLLLL the fillies
Can you get caught downloading the YouTube videos?
07take your time dear
awwww, gnight luna
/me 13even the fake ones
15Aeeyup :D
9And I'm a girl in real life. o-o
/me has a second persona.
dream of plentiful ponies
frolicing in fields of flowers
0They were in a little kiosk in the corner, and downloading YouTube content isn't pirating.
07Night you two! I hope we can fix the stream tomorrow...
9Soo...
13yes, you mentioned that
13I just... kinda want to cry. But I'm not gonna burden anyone else with my problems.
/me 15picks up Fluttershy
07Veemi.... :@:@!!:@
9complicated situation became even more so
see dat? dat be aliteration :P
13Goodnight Luna.
/me 9is picked up, squeaks. o-o
13I feel like a cheap cop-out sometimes
0Paranoid brony is paranoid.
4my backstory involves genocide O.O
/me 15walks off into the sunset even though it's past midnight
07Octavia...sometimes crying is a great way to get rid of certain frustrations or emotions
I will be paranoid
Don't think you can get caught doing that, no
07Goodnight everypony
/me is going to make you guess, and wont tell you if it is right.
13I guess so.
Well I don't think they'd (youtube) like it but chances of you getting caught are like 0.01%
13but I'm the result of Reticent's writer's personality, a persona of a portion of his psyche if you will
0BAI, LUNA
night Luna
Night Luna
I doubt it's even illegal
07I see you tonight during BMN?
0Night Luna
night Luna
and I wouldn't miss it for the world!
9haha xP
07Good!
0Mod is asleep, discuss Cupcakes
9Oooh an alter ego.
07We have some live Fluttershy-ception again :)
13Reticent represents one aspect of the whole, I'm the other, there's another hidden somewhere in there
15i need sleep for work. you fillies... and colts talk for a bit. I'll see yo utomorrow, fill me in on anything i miss
Rocky Horror + True Romance? This is gonna be the best. night. ever!
9Silvermane: -gasps- you're leaving already!
9?
Night Silvermane
15it's 130 here
13good night Silvermane, this looks like a good enough place to stop for me also
4night
9Oooh... ^^;
07So Rocky Horror + True romance + Fluttershy!
/me 15kisses all the fillies good night.
/me would only ever tell RS who his alter ego is.
i mean srsly, 2 pony eps and those movies?
o-o my name was mentioned
yay!
ears burn
0What time is this going to be? I'm leaving in 11 hours and don't know when I'll be back D:
4is it GGgala?
15who the hell is Brittanica?
077 PM Eastern
Nope
0 6 central?
/me 9kisses Silvermane back. ^^
It's because there will be flutterception, Fluttershy
4Dashite?
0717hrs:32 mins
13(but Fluttershy, it might do Silver some good to be shipped to an actual filly, he's a little self-concious about his preference)
you know I'm giving up my social life on a Friday night for this...
Who says my alt has been in here?
9Brittanica is my best friend in real life ;3
/me did the same
I'm just kidding, I don't have a social life :-(
15ah okay
lol
0So as long as we don't end up watching half a season of Slayers I should be back XD
0<countdown on the top of the page>
07Well everyone take care and see you later!
15i just noticed the name at the top of the name list
later Luna!
see ya! :-D
9I invited her here to see randomness but randomness has to end due to needing to sleep u-u
0Don't go to sleep! Post ponies!
0Mods are asleep. Post ponies.
0o.O
15tomorrow is movie night, so i'll be able to handle longer hours
13sleep cycles...can't live with em, can't live without em
Sorry, I'm just here to watch.
^^;
13hai hai!
I dunno, I'm not much for going out drinking with strangers...
07Goodnight everypony
0http://i.imgur.com/3WyGY.jpg
15that's fine, this place was designed to have an audience
4bye Luna
Mabye I am really Silvermane, *Awaits mindfuck* 0_o
07have fun..rp-ing and what not... ;)
/me 15glomps LUna. "Night LUna, I'd kiss you but NMM gets jealous"
9an audience for insane rping
I'd rather talk ponies...
I used to but I don't really anymore.
13oh Luna, you know you love it
9I already kissed her xP
and by strangers I mean friends. But they all moved away
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xOqAsGbTss
wow, the irony
I say we're always here for you
and I disconnect
sorry about that
/me 15technically kissed Luna when he kissed 'all the fillies' but who is keeping score?
Well, I'm not much for going out drinking at all, really :P
13lol Its fine Val
well that's ok, too :-)
4me
/me 13can't believe everypony is so attracted to their guardian deities >.>
I'm super confused, just for the record.
0http://i.imgur.com/ch17G.jpg
15that's okay
4thats the point
15you'll figure it ou in time
I mean a couple of beers from time to time... that works.
9Silvermane...
Alright. Thanks.
yeah
15yes Shy-Shy?
0I see that Luna's still online.
/me 9puts her hooves on Silvermane's shoulders.
0Mods are awake. Post ponies.
0WOONA!
/me 13wonders if she'll be needed anymore from here on out
15(oh crap...)
4MFW i somehow get involved in canon
or if I had brony friends IRL I might do pony drinking games :P
0Mods exist, post ponies.
13TF kinda line coming here, but lately I feel like...
15(of course you will. Garnet needs a mommy...)
13Octavia isn't credit to team. lol
haha, yeah
13I could always tuck myself back into that crypt of nightmares this guy calls a brain
That would be fun
0I've got 24 brony friends irl
D:
untrue!
9MirthTinker: Are you an alter ego then? o-o
13...yes?
Naw, it feels bad to keep your egos in.
13I'm a fragment of his personality
9MirthTinker: :3 Cool
0I've just got the one (that I know of)
you're a delightful addition to the team
13the cheerful self-concious side
/me 9suddenly blushes, and lowers herself. "O-Oh, um... never mind... I..."
and we're glad to have you
4im an alter ego, mainly a manifestation of rage, depression, memories, and history
13Ret is the jaded, cynical side
Then what side is he?
13I dunno. Everyone else is more involved or doing more. I'm not really doing anything but being here.
Ah
/me 15grabs Fluttershy, pulling her close. "What is it, Fluttershy?"
I only know of one IRL but he moved away recently
I have 1 potential brony friend, but we'll see about that. Haven't seen him in a while.
9MirthTinker: Dude, I already told you I have way too many alter egos right? Boys, girls, hermaphrodites, ponies...
and being here somehow means you aren't important to the team?
13...
13Indeed.
13I'm not a cupcake.
9MirthTinker: Fluttershy joined in with my alter egos not that long ago. ^^
You can pop it in your mouth whole!
13Ret is a little closer to the whole than I am, but yeah, I'm familiar with alter egos
lol, aw Octavia is a cupcake
http://i.imgur.com/rJ3W4.jpg
13I've played quite a few over the years
4this alter ego has always been here
13lol
15(James, Silvermane, Flamyras, Bloodharp, Fairith, Mortimer, Colter, Kath, Chei...)
/me 9blushes, staring at Silvermane with wide eyes, breathing shakily. "I... oh my..."
0Well, doesn't she look happy? ^_^
13Rainbow Dash always dresses in style?
07Octa.. we promoted you to teamleader for a reason
Omg LOL!
NO.
07we have faith in you
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6KScFGXiJk&feature=related
Twilight told me this video is about Fluttershy screams more inappropriate things
07and now i'm leaving
/me 15blushes in return when he realizes his wings are unfurled. "Just say it"
gnight luna
see you tomorrow
07again...
07see you tonight!
I am a manifestation of lonelyness, sadness, depression, but also hope, kindness, loyalty, and empathy.
13Thanks Luna.
13Goodnight Luna.
13okay, I'm hitting the hay, let me say goodnight to Silvermane and I'll let you have your fun~
/me 9blushes more deeply herself. "C-Can I kiss you...?"
4wait, did i mention rage?
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-a-momentary-lapse.jpg
http://img.ponibooru.org/images/af/afd3975fc38d7f9528524f1ca01f49f5
http://i.imgur.com/WvtKc.jpg
/me 15pauses reality to allow MirthTinker her good night ritual
Yeah
Yeah, she does always dress in style. It's canon.
/me 13*kiss on the cheek* I'll always exist in some for or another Silvermane, don't forget about me when you've got Shy around
4huh
9MirthTinker: Will do! I'll show off more of my alter egos at a later time methinks. ^^
Best Dressed Pony?
Best Dressed Pony
13that's it, night everypony!
Dang... chat's dead right now
9MirthTinker: night! )
/me 15kisses MirthTinker back. "Oh silly, we will always have our shipping together, a real filly changes nothing."
4i wonder if i should bring more of my alter egos into here.....
http://images.cheezburger.com/completestore/2011/6/20/320e2ea0-ba25-46cb-bccc-46fe2fae3ac7.gif
15Night MirthTinker
best brushed pony?
9Silvermane: ... dat line... )
9Silvermane: will get you murdered some day )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JjBjtktLT9U
/me 15returns to reality (which is disturbingly similar to a past event in life...)
lol
13haha
not my fault
0o.o
13I play the bi-guy? 0.o
/me didn't do it*
My DecapKing's full personality impression: Hey guys can I have some *Decap Ego Kicks in* COOOOOKKKIIIEEESSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
>.>
9MirthTinker: >_>; <_<; )
4nope
I just got all *swerves head side to side* with a comment on a website.
>mfw I've finished all the images but retarded photobucket is still sitting there
/me 15simply smiles warmly at Fluttershy, watching and waiting.
4im more of a cold, heartless bastard
4at least for someone thats only 16
13well Fluttershy...looks like Silver's next step is to try and hook the two of us up...so let's get to work!
.......???
15>..
15>.>
15<.<
colgate confirmed for best toothpaste
4bow chicka wow wow
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nc4Ola0mdws
9huh? what? YOU WHAT?!
15(spoilers bro, spoilers)
You know when women want to be like "Uh huh!" and well..let me try to find a youtube
13(oh nonsense, nopony has a clue)
4sorry, its a reflex
...
9....AHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
9-dies-
Dont bring in more than two total DecapKing, or shit will be enormously confusing...
ANYways...
9-the end-
Hi, colgate? I bought your tooth paste, the one with tarter control...
13AND THEN THEY FUCKED
Well. I was reading. I don't talk much. :P
15dammit, which storyline is happening righ tnow?
anyone have anything PG appropriate they want to talk about?'
9-slaps MirthTinker- >>
and /tourettes guy XD
13...ow
Yes, good day sir, did it make you feel like a pile of flowers?!
13I was just joking *sniff*
:-p
Nothing comes to mind. My mind is all on ponies.
PHOTOBUCKET! Y U HATE ME SO?
13it's in my name damnit
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A8NjTGpKinM&NR=1
9I'm so angry right now! So angry! HOW COULD YOU SILVERMANE?!
gm
link fail
13lol Awww, poor Val.
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Panini&#39;s Head
9You are going to break Fluttershy's heart!!!
/me 15says fuck it, kisses Fluttershy, floats over and kisses MirthTinker, and then winks out of existance.
9AHHHHH
0_o
There we go
tis frustrating my friend!
9DON'T YOU DAREEEEEEE
Verily! What can thou sayest against such abominations?
No kiss for me?
13...I...I'm so full of confluttershy right now
Yeah notice how when Panini is talking she gets stuck with her head moving side to side, that's what I was trying to evoke.
6Can not sleep. . . .
c.c
/me is forever alone....
9-grabs Silvermane's collar- don't... even... think about it...
6Forever malone. . .
13@DE eeyup
/me 15winks back into existance to give DeniedExistenceMobile a loving French, then winks back out
13You tell them you cant sleep I guess Val. :P
6sorry your bucket is not working. . .
13WHAT?!
15wait, scratch all of that
.....0_o
In case you don't know Panini's the pink bunny
GO TO BED VIOLET
OR I'LL START LINKING YOU CREEPY PINKY IMAGES
0Time for sleep. Later, everypony x.x
13lol Aww. Poor VV too.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DvZsqqs3TB4
13lol
/me 15was grabbed by his chain, which he oddly forgot he had on
9-eyes widen-
9YOU YOU YOU....
later Grim!
6that will probably keep me up more. . .
yeah...
4interesting
/me feels a bit more loved...
15so none of that could have happened
Chowder was...
9....Knock. Me. Up.
/me 13mfw he's not even pretending to like colts pretending to be fillies anymore, Silver's going for broke
...
Later
..................
night GrimGallop
15*thump*
9I mean. >> Knock Fluttershy up.
...different
6octavua you are faithful student, do no feel like so down
>.<
~hush now quiet now it's time to lay your sleepy head~
So I have this friend. He is my DM. He always turns off ponies after they bust out singing. This must be... Fixed.
9I'm MP.
6there is love for who you ar
13Fluttershy...he can't be the baby daddy of 2 fillies...can he?
Well the creator was a fan of Nintendo, so there were many great Super Mario references in the cartoons.
Wha..........?
9Oh yes he can.
I'm finding several lolworthy pony things on yt
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGvlSj_apw4&feature=related
4no he can
4that happened to me once
What the hell is going on in here? O.o
4and ill tell you
13man, Brittanica missed a ton
15SILVERMANE IS NOT STABLE ENOUGH TO HANDLE THIS LEVEL OF BS IN HIS SHIPPING. STOP BEING SO DAMN CRAZYSAUCE
4it sucked
6but val wat if I am sleep oast alrm?
Getting good odds that he can...
15Fluttershy, i'll bang ya later
15I need sleep
/me realizes nopony cares about his alt....
9-blinks- I'm getting what...?
/me 13demands a three way
4bow chicka wow wow
15DeniedExistenceMobile, who is your alt?
Hi
Nope, not a word
/me 13knows his alt, isn't saying
/me 13can tell VV is tired from the way shes typing lol
/me zips his lips together.
/me 15stopped caring. NIGHT
Hi
6okay try again
I admit it. DeniedExistenceMobile is my alt.
....blarg
did any of my messages get through?
4congrats
Dont do that shit you
or did my fail internet derp again?
4once again
13I think your internet derped again Caramel. :(
4congragulations
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEG3bEihO3A&feature=related
6THe flutterhsy one got through
Twilight told me this video is about Fluttershy - Ouch
13NIGHT, before this gets any later and any more complicated
did rarity and rainbow get through?
*Shakes fist angrily*
9Britty just told me to email this all to her. o-o
9I told her about your comment MirthTinker
9) )
4i can say my backstory
15right. see you all later, you crazy shipers
13Where are we looking?
9-hugs Silvermane-
13...
Wait, how do you know my alt MT?
13...
13..
13...
/me 15hugs Fluttershy
9:<
just here in the chat
13...*blushes*
6i am not aware no
4...
blarg
http://i142.photobucket.com/albums/r118/ValtheJean/RariBox.jpg
...
4...
http://i142.photobucket.com/albums/r118/ValtheJean/RainbowBox.jpg
9-kisses Silvermane PASSIONATELY and in front of everypony-
/me 15licks MirthTinker on the cheek. "Silly filly"
/me 15responds in kind. wooooot
oh, and did my advice for getting to sleep go through?
13haha, I win
13There we go.
13I mean, wat?
6gargeous darling simply gardeous
:3
13DAMNIT I'M SO CONFUSED ON WHAT TO NOT BE CONFUSED ON
9>:| NO I WIN
4i think i can see where this will lead
6what advice was tis?
15mfw I've got two fillies fighting over me in the cool way
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RCEfftT7ois&feature=colike
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
MirthTinker x Fluttershy go.
Twilight told me this video is about PMV Friends
4this time i shall let it happen
15^^
9....
"<ValtheJean> violet
<ValtheJean> when I'm having trouble sleep
<ValtheJean> sleeping*
<ValtheJean> I listen to this
<ValtheJean> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxoGmVjAsmE"
13the only way to win is a make out contest
MFW MT says she knows my alt.
gah
9........
the link will be broken now
9..................
because of the quote
9................................
9.....................................
13...me gusta
...................................................
6actually it workd fin
15;) night eveypony
oh really?
Night Silvermane.
cool :P
4night bro
13I think we've said good night about 6 times now
9Tomorrow.
9You.
9Me.
9Clopping.
13and me
9Got IT?
4fun
9>>
Run Silvermane! Before it gets worse!
9None the less.
9GOT IT?!
13combo breaker
13haha
13he left
9....
9he disapoofed
Lol
GGgala! Where is my OP?!
9Oh fuck it. -glomps MirthTinker -
4im not supprised
.....me gusta?
6http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hskl2dTHYdk
13ooooOOO! *blushes* well good night to you too!
4me gusta
/me nods
Me gusta
6i usually listen to this
9-kisses MirthTinker passionately-
xP
/me 13glomps Fluttershy back
4me gusta
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf_-1WT4cd8
well I guess it's time for me to go to bed, too. Goodnight all!
6until i either fal asleep r cry
hah, oh final fantasy
Ich leibe das.
don't tell dari this
6sleep usually comes first
9If I had fingers instead of a hoof...
13and shipper devolved into gustas and nights
9They would be somewhere...
.....
but the FF10 score is one of the very few things that can make me cry
9fun
like a little girl
0_o"
9very very fun
4me gusta
13silly...that's what unicorns can do...like this...
6ffix ffix and ffx are all scores that make me cry
Night!
ffix*
/me 13has to stop right now...seriously...won't ever be able to sleep with another filly on top of her
AND THEN EVERYPONY CAME
VIII had a brilliant score
13exacta
some of Nobuo's best work
6this is true
:P
9-clings to MirthTinker- >>
13NIGHT we'll continue this tomorrow night, foreelz this time
9Still... I prefer Silvermane...
Orly?
/me doesn't understand what the problem is...
13I do too....
imo, Final Fantasy died when he left
9He WILL be my BITCH. I mean.
9Mine.
just look at the shit pile that 12 was
all the music was recycled
4im pretty sure that colts have something that works better than a horn for that type of thing.....
13...wanna share?
6the song i linked was what i performed at my graduation before uni
oh really? nice
9-bites her lip- ... Hmm...
9I'm thinking about it...
You cannot escape the black hole of shipping Mirth.
No.
9But I'm a possessive one. >>
I wasn't on very good terms with my choir director my senior year
9As long as I get my own lovely canon...?
so I didn't get to sing :P
lulz
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SZKfcT1nQ-s
Fight! Fight! Fight!
13okay, I'll just have to split off another persona and ship with it :P
6i am sorry
/me is always canon.
eh, don't be
/me is always cannon.
4Sexy Fight! Sexy Fight!
she was a total bitch
9is Silvermane bi perchance?
Oh dashite
13no, he's stated that clearly
6was it braeburn?
I'd gladly choose not being able to sing over having to suck up to that life-sucking vampire
/me 4isnt always canon, but when he is, he is a degenerate
...braeburn?
9Yet he's willing to rp with a guy pretending to be a filly? o-o oh dear.
9No buttsex...
13...yeah...I know its weird
6what?
No secret butt fun.
And yet he can still be shipped with anyone....
/me is confused
6oh i thought you said something
13its really less awkward when you consider that after awhile, people forget I'm a guy
-_-'
I dont
6i said i am sorry
4MIRTHTINKER Y AM I NO CANON?
9I thought you were a girl at fist so my perception is that you're feminine
9It's okay ^^
6you could not sing
13:(...wait :) for good rp? I can't decide
/me is in fact a dude.
appreciated
13:):(;)
how would i list all of eqds fanfics by rating?
13there
though I'm not too upset about it
/me 4is a 16 year old dude
/
9Well, let's see... Silvermane has his canon with you, yes? And I want a canon with him too...
I really hated that school
/me is, in fact, not a pony.
Oh wow.. everyone left.
There is no way.
9Something dramatic anyway. Perhaps a split off of your canon, who knows?
they canceled the school musical TWO YEARS in a row
4OMG YOU ARENT DASHITE?!?!?!
Well except for you Super
Everyone got eaten
You just check it by star category
Naw really Dashite?
O_O
13you can have a canon where we're just friends who know each other
9Then we're going to have yet another storyline, non-canon probably, in which we engage with Silvermane both in multiple 3somes.
6terrible. . .
I know DeniedExistenceMobile. I can't go on lying to you guys any more.
6just like pies
13(which was the premise of the first canon)
9o-o
yeah, she was a terrible choir teacher
Meet my other identity!
Hmm...I forgot what I was going to say...
6or cakes i can remebre
Okay
never ONCE taught us music theory
Sounds like /somepony/ has a crush on Silvermane.
/me has no idea what you're talking about lol
Oh never mind, IRC isn't working.
9I guess we'll figure out details for tomorrow...
Can't wait for the next Cross and Arrow fic...
6must be punsihed
13...so many *thumps* of Silvermane fainting would be heard when he reads this
haha
9I mean. details tomorrow blegh
9I need sleep.
The internet is broke
:/
9=-=
13indeed
6how?
4can we make him faint more?
/me 13kisses Fluttershy's forhead good night
9I need to work on project too
My laptop is broke :P
9Aw... ^^
Dont you agree, "Shy-Shy@?
6??
Leika: that one as good as I hear? I usually stick with oneshots
Oh Silvermane! Twins!
"*
9So, three storylines it sounds like it's going to be
13hehe, probably
9Fun times
4make me canon, he will faint
9Do you want me to try to hop into your canon at all MirthTinker?
my head's too jarbled right now...lol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYFVbzDu55Q
9Or just stay far away from it? o-o
I only need one canon to be happy...
And Emerald...
!link Saltlakrits
*Sigh*
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
let's fix that.
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Uv6XLHJYL8
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Giggle at the Ghostie (Saltlakrits 20% Cooler Remix)
4and yet you werent the one passed out in that house were you?
9they disapooofed too
9well later bronies myself
9night!
Oh shit, I was just playing this game yesterday :o
4night
Night Fluttershy
I GO! /photofinish
oh god...here come the waterworks...
I already have Emerald.
haha
you just HAD to link a Final Fantasy song!
Whenever
I
Want
Then I saw the moon and I died a bit inside
:P
4damn you win
this is too beautiful to NOT share!
4i have no one.... yet
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bv1oNp_wJw
in my humble opinion
good night all
Final Fantasy X is one of the best love stories in existence
aww, Knight left
oh well
I suppose he's goin' to bed too
good night!
I have to go for now. Cya later, ponies
I guess I should sleep too.
Bye
4i say fuck sleep
4all i have is a paper to write tommorow morning
Do what you will.
G'night, SleepWeaver.
Good night.
New post on Equestria Daily by Phoe: Story: Metanoia (http://tinyurl.com/3u6fa38)
the chat is quiet
/me is scared
Hey :)
GGgala!
So much stories today.
Wait until the end of this month and like 40 fics pop up
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/comic-dummy-marks-for-cuties.html
hmm…
…I don't get it ^2
I find it very upsetting that iTunes is the only source for My Little Pony episodes
Oh my goddess! Friendship is Witchcraft ep 3!
I tink ebewwyone has gone to sweep
good night my widdle mods
sweep well, and dweam of ponies
Man
BlacklightWorking: because Applebloom doesn't get that her cutie mark will be something she's good at, thus she keeps doing random stuff with the CMCs
Just got done with a MASSIVE power outage.
…oh!
*facehoof*
O.O
I'm going now.. good night to you all.
its 1 am and Molestia isnt out yet.....
What about Molestia?
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QdXk9ndu9_Y&feature=related
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
I couldn't find this video in the library, maybe Twilight knows more.
huh?
What does that mean?
/me blinks.
meanwhile /me tries to figure out some things to add to his next fanfic.
I know /what/ to add, just not what to add...
http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/80beats/2011/08/31/how-to-make-a-transparent-mouse-with-a-few-simple-ingredients/
Mice rejoice! Cats do not.
Uggh...I'm tired and hungry -_-
Hi Disk
nvm, I guess I'm alone >_>
I had just posted a link to a Discovery article about how they can create transparent mice
Cats are not very happy.
Good night to whoever is here!
/me falls asleep
!seen Sidestroke
Marshmelon: Silly filly, your eyes are all derpy. Sidestroke is in the channel.
!seen Lordlyhour
Marshmelon: The last time I saw Lordlyhour was Fri 09 Sep 2011 01:39:43 AM CEST
Hmm?
Anypony want to play mafia?
Sidestroke: Epicmafia.com
I have a game I"m about to run, if you have an account.
/me is really pretty tired right now, not sure if it's a good idea
kk
They're fast, chat-based games
Octavia!
/me brohoofs Octavia.
http://imageshack.us/g/508/20110909081452.png/
/me is trying to think of something mean Applejack has done. Closest I can find is poor sportsmareship in Fall Weather Friends
Kraps got a fanfare for quitting... (perfect timing with what I was watching)
i'd play super brony 64
Hi
*bye
(Fixed that for you
Hulk Hoagan's having a show with little people wrestlers
I try not to, but I just can't help myself from thinking "awwww cuuutee!"
sigh
I know that feeling, unfortunately
Marshmelon: I read that in Applejack's voice.
Yeah you know they'd probably find it demeaning, but they're just so tiny
._.
Now the countdown begins, till they are parodied on South Park
9__9
!S2
Season 2 begins in 8d:06h:27m:33s
The thing Marshmelon is one of the little people wrestlers, looks Goth. I'm thinking "Hmm, I might hit that"
you know what would be funny... applejacks parents coming back to the farm in season 2
that will screw up the fandom so much
Iks: why is that?
Yes, Iks, why is that?
Dashite!
dunno... cause in every fanfic about applejack her parents are dead
I have never seen a dead Applejack parent, and I read mostly sads and darks.
WHERE MY OP, BITCH?!
While we're on the topic of sad
Who wrote Bittersweet and who wrote Pretty in Pink?
Those two stories made me flat-out bawl
Iks: they could fix that by making them zmobies
roushguy: Pretty in Pink was a tear-jerker
It freaked me out when the nurse started badgering Twi.. I literally whispered (unabbreviated) "wtf?"
Tux, I BAWLED my EYES out.
I was at that point near the end.
I haven't cried since my great-grandmother's funeral years ago
I don't think I ever cried to anything reading. Just got a sore gut or gloomy mood for the day.
That happened to me for the rest of the day
And all that night too
Fortunately
I got over it today
!moon
Grab my tail, Lapsus!
AWAY!
I don't get many excuses to cry, since I'm pretty much a Pinkie Pie myself. So I really enjoy stories that make me cry, helps me get rid of the slow buildup that's too gradual to cry out normally.
did I just sound emo?
naw
Sounds normal
Oh... you mean this op?
I've not cried like that since the funeral
Contra get outanyone got a link to that image with the creators of MLP and the projects they are attached to?
scary movei 2 etc
lemme see if I can find a few of my favorite tear-jerkers... one of them is a sequel to the-fanfic-that-shall-not-be-named
Rocket to Insanity was far creepier than that for me
As was the one with Pinkamena in her dream
roushguy: Can you imagine what Fluttershy would do if she saw an ASPCA commercial?
Melt
...well that was ironic. or something.
And if it was Sarah Mc....w/e
She'd probably just explode into a great big cloud of tears
IIIIN THE aRRRRRRRRRMS offff the AAAAAAAANNNNGEEEEEEELLS
*bawls*
roushguy: Or she'd explode into tears. Then she'd explode again... can she do that?
Well
Yes
And no
She'd explode into a cloud of feathers
Then there'd be a second explosion of tears
>_>
Oh like a two-stage rocket!
She would cry. So hard. Then people who see it will cry because she's crying.
Yeah
Until the universe cries.
......
dammit
<_<
Now I WANT to see that commercial
ahhh wifi so bad here
roushguy: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gspElv1yvc
hows everyone doing?
BC SPCA instead of ASPCA, but same commercial
I thought Pretty in Pink was sad, but the author really shouldn't be so hung up about a certain story which starts with a c I will not mention here.
Dammit! Stop that!
ahahaha. again really?
Pretty in Pink was one of the saddest pieces of literature I've ever read.
And what made it worse was that it was very well done
awww now I'm crying
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p31I9YgnIeM&feature=related
zzz
ah
MFW Dashite's Skype still won't work
I guess I'm pretty desensitized after watching those K-Horror films. Or maybe just fortunate enough to not know death of a close one personally
TuxRug
Is ChefSandy
A Sadfic is a good cleanser
?
No wait-- that was Apple Cider.
Fuu.
Anywya
The fic-that-shall-not-be-named wasn't really all that scary to me
Go find and watch Celamy.
Cupcakes was like, "Meh, it's a reaction-fic. "
gonna lose him again, looks like...
It wasn't a BAD fic
I had a dream not but last week that involved a serious discussion of philosophy with the Elder One Cthulhu
I eh'd.
TuxRug: Watch Celemy
roushguy: I thought it was more sick than anything. But "A Precious Rainbow" made it better.
Were his tentacles still in good shape?
It's about a little girl whose mother dies, so she gets an imaginarey firend
Now that's sad
Her friend
Is there and they are great and stuff
Then the girl grows up
And as she gets her first boy-kiss
Marshmelon: google has no idea what celemy is
and doesn't spend any time with Celemy any more
(try with an a, Celamy?)
Celamy dies, pretty much
haha, oh wow
That was on purpose this time.
Not in a gory way, but in a really good way that fts with the rest of the story
(Celamy explained how people die earlier in the movie)
/me tilts head
trying to fix it?
Resetting name.
You know what movie I rented that made me cry so much I had to run out and immediately buy it?
I don't know, Jackie. I had this issue with babbling to all the different parts of my personality. From Skragna Malketh, the knight, to Dranae Hastell, the antipalidan, to Kasim Hazil, the psycopathic necromancer assassin to Ciel, the pacifistic druidess, to Lesur, the drunk fighter
Something like, "You get on a bus and go to heaven and everything's real cool there" <(paraphrase)
Anyway
Now you know the plot, go watch if oyu can find
SO HARD TO FIND.
hell yeah
Man
I have a /lot/ of personality facets. I gave them all names and backgrounds to avoid their talking being able to mess with me
Equestria Daily is newsing some awesome pinkamena stuff lately, i love that
Sorry about coming in so late and so shortly
such an awesome theme:
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/music-giggle-at-ghosties-daks-remix.html#more
(My sinternet is gonna be gone soon, so)
mmm coffeeee
http://i.imgur.com/Y0JRF.jpg
Soon.
ok then
interestingly
the first thing i thought of when hearing that awesome pinkamena theme was (wait, let me look it up for you)
that...
wat
Cupcakes, you'll never guess what's inside of my-- Cucpakes?
well im going to go lie down in my coffin, I'll check back in a bit.
no
not that
this:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E28WrhpTzQA
hey ponies
at 0:08, i think it sounds similar
Here's a good question: Does having that many different people in my head mean that I have MPD?
none of these make any sense
Everybrony in this room is CRAZY.
thats true
GTFO my library
ohh
you still with us then?
>:V
the only negative thing about that awesome pinkamena theme is the ending
commencing listening to fluttershy's lament
commencing the jigglin'
I think marshmelon's been hittin the cider too hard
Danny, Why are you doing that?
I thought it needed more discords in it
The thing you linked was a pirate
no...
Its cool but it didnt reflect the discordian nature of her mind
im talking about this song:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=YHOyVJC3Ygg#!
you linked a pirate with a frying pan or something
anypony else find the pinkamena tumblr strangely intriguing?
yeah, the melody sounds similar
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E28WrhpTzQA
Oh I do love that tumblr
you linked that first
shes currently out cold in a mixture of liqour and self pity
uhm
what?
what the fuck?
Holy shit.
Delicious netsplit.
the awesomeness of the pinkamena theme blew up the channel
KABLAM
I did naht hit her, I did naaht. Ohi netsplit
oaooooooooho - netsplit is a ghost.
We shouldn't be talking about Pinkamena
Xiagu: NIIICE.
She CLEARLY caused this
Netsplit strike!
I don't think that counts as strike
Pinkamena's not a psychotic killer. She's a lovable crazy pony.
I think that counts as a homerun.
fireant did that on purpose
.....
Wait, what?
Of course.
what Efreet said
What's going on?
You got that wrong, but
To have a little fun.
Pinkie's the lovable crazy pony
Pinkamena's the psycotic.
Pinkie's a lovable HYPER pony.
they are both lovable
Mason_Trowel: the IRC channel ate something that didn't agree with it
Mason_Trowel: Unfortunately, the IRC channel isn't one to back down from an argument, and the shouting spilled over into mainchat.
...huh.
now where were we...
DASHITE!
....Pinkie's also crazy.
She's crazy in a good way
you know, the main reason why i havnt changed my desktop background to something pinkie yet is because a cheerfull pinkie doest fit my mood right now and a pinkamena is too emo for me
Pinky is Crazy, but Pinkamina is legaly Insane
they are both the same....
pinkamena is what pinkie would be if she wasnt on crack all the time
and if she was sad instead of happy
http://s3.amazonaws.com/data.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqvzlxx0mu1qm4yy2o1_1280.jpg?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJ6IHWSU3BX3X7X3Q&Expires=1315638345&Signature=P3XiIfWrwbgH5a46DYD6yBrwaQQ%3D
oh my
Pinky wont even play a little prank of Fluttershy cos it would be wrong. Pinkamina would shove a plastic bag over fluttershys head and know that it is right
no she wouldnt
What?!
dat angelic voice B:
...picking up where we left off...
we were YELLING NAMES
WHERE MY OP, BITCH?!
/me points down
Come and get it, bitch.
/me smirks
-_-
hey, i think i found a bug.
Awww.
it was totally worth waiting till now to listen to it
PINKIE PIE FTW
Needs more RD in this joint, yo
i'm not sure whether i want this song stuck in my head or not
Which song?
wow
I think this is the most empty I have seen this place
19 ponies is empty
fascinating
:-)
I see 3
Oh?
Yep
Has this alter ego of mine just popped up? Are we four now?
mib_q2egvc?
if so we are at 4
13Dari isn't actually here per-se, that's just his auto script. :P
Oh god ghost octavia
talking but not in the user list ahhh
13Weird, I show 18 people in my list. lol
>french and powerful trixie
wat
8 more days. . .
13lol Yeah. French Trixie. <3
13I said French woman sound uppity to me.
13>waits to get bitched at lol
lol
13I se some bad French in the comments. I guess Google Translator is still rather widely used. Doh ho ho.
the song was fluttershy's lament
for whoever is still around that wanted to know
trying to get nick registered
hey Awesomeshy, kick stomper for me so i can use nick
churros, everyone
Good afternoon
Hi people
Whats up?
Hellew
lol, this is alot different from yesterday, sheesh, the spam
xD
12 hours until next stream, what exacly are you going to stream?
Yeah. This place is so much nicer when you can actually read the text
i can't imagine what this chat will be on saturday 17
xD
Imposibru
I dont want to think about it
the chat is going to explode
TWICE
YO DAWG
It's going to explode, and then explode again?
an explosion inside an explosion
explosception
yea..I know right?
splodeception xD
Michael Bay will feel that no matter where he is...
tun tun tuuuum
:O
He's like ringwraith of explosions
I jumped in joy harder then ever when I knew the release date
17 september is my birthday, f*cking awsome
Daym, you so lucky man.
:D
a good present :D
Indeed
never gonna give you up
Ouch!
I just got papercut
D:
best present ever
Hi
im gonna watch it like a boaz
Hello
helooo
Hi there iron pony
I was here yesterday.
I remember you
we all do
:D
I dont remember anyone exept turgle in that mess of yesterday
CHURROOOO
and thats only because turgle was spamming :P
I was here yesterday at night.
Like 7 PM
who me?
spamming wat?
no, the other turgle :3
OH
YOUR EVEL TWIN BROTHER
There are two Turgles?
omg
no, there is one and a half turgle
Hello Dashite
1.5
find him and destroy him
Hey, Octavia.
Luna.
(the 0.5, i mean)
Luna, Octavia, Dari and Violet are here.
too late, im at your front door now, with my laptop
I remember all of them from yesterday.
now I gotta walk all the way back >.<
meanie
A bit quiet, but they are present
I think there's something wrong with me cuz last night I had a hallucination.
And it sounded like a flashbang went off.
When I was trying to go to sleep.
o_O
maybe it was a real flashbang? :3
No.
I didn't go blind for a while.
a fake one?
Are you sure?
pinkie pie farted?
It mig...
LOL
Boegela.
xD
yes, yu were trying to sleep, so your eyes were closed duh >.>
My eyes were closed
Meth is one hell of a drug
And I hear like a BOOM
so ofc you dident go blind
But it didn't wake anyone up.
it could still be a real flashbang =D
or a murder yay!
=3
trolling SWAT is trolling
I didn't die,.
not yet
dun dun duuuuuun
Ok well the hallucination
was like
no, somebody in your town or neighboorhood
Some room with dots and stuff
I'm such boring. Never hallucinated or anything...'
o_O
a giant sphere of colors
Payne, try extacy
FRIENDSHIP!
It only comes in some dark areas sometime.
oh metal, I know exacly what that is
Nah, I'll stick to Jenkem thank you very much
Eat more fruit, less looking at the screen, if that doesent work, get your eyes checked ^^
-_-
I think you dont have enough vitamines, so the blood vessels make your eyes lazy and your iris mixes the colours together
^
^^
Boegela is right
some people on the internet did their homework ya know, we are not all brainless
So..
xD
My eyes are unhealthy?
no, YOU are unhealthy
D:
harsh
eat more fruit! look less at the screen all day
I know ponies are addicting, but you can still look at their plushies
:3
But..
I don't have any.
Get some
Me neighter, I just pretend :<
Blind Bags are the way to go
anyways, you need to be a bit more healthy, or else your eyes could get permanent damage =D
:O
Now i'm scared :(
Or it could be Lupus
you dont have to be ^-^
giggle at the scary stuff
Cant.
eat some apples
it's not in vision.
it is in dark places.
Says Pinkie Pie.
*snort*
Elements of a good cheer:
Any admins here?
or Mods or OPs
Lots of control, screaming and hollering, passion
lol
Prince, Luna and Violet are here
But..
I guess they are the admins?
They're not talking.
Ask about mods -> Octavia left
thats because they are too busy copping ^-^
they have a life too ya know
Sleeping?
clopping*
:o
I wish I had life
Outside here
rofl
Payne, awser this, are you breathing?
are you happy?
Wait...
Yes
if your happy and healthy, you have a life
and yes?
do you have friends?
Ok, allow me to rephrase that
I wish I had proper social life
ah
like?
oh
Um... I have a friend, and buch of people I know but don't hang out with
It's 6:07 AM where I am
Now 6:08 AM
I dont have a very good social life, I have like 3 bests friends, and that more then enough, almost every weekend I smoke some weed with them, laugh, and we play games
Payne, you should hang out with them :3
or invite them
:O you really smoke weed?
I don't even drink
No, I would of course lie about that because im very pathetic -.-
K everyone or.. you two. Stop talking about weed and shit in this BRONY chat.
._.
Brony pony chat isn't for "smoking weed" and your shitty lives.
what does weed have to do with that? we are just chatting
Lol no offense Ik you two have lives
So where are you guys from?
I'm from Texas.
this is a place where bronies come together to talk :3
Finland
we dont have to talk about ponies 100%
I'm a Texas Brony.
:D
wohooo! Finland!
I can just talk about my weekends without a problem, whats so bad about that? D:
THIS IS SOCIAL INTERACTION
If u wanna talk about weekends
Go here
SOCIAL WAT?
http://cbe002.chat.mibbit.com/
Uh oh
Shit
*hands out cookies* (>^.^)>@
Sorry OPs.
But still go there
I wanna talk with bronies >.<
why?
BRONIES ARE THE BEST BRO'S
^
altho my best friends laugh at me for liking ponies :3
but they are just teasin' me
they dont like ponies, I respect that
I did not stab them
STOP ASKING WEIRD QUESTIONS
:D
My friend was dumbfounded when he learned about my Bronydom
I know
where you can find bronies.
Here? EqD?
everywhere on the world?
YouTube, Equestria Daily, Steam, Roblox, more
Just about.
oh thank you cpt. obvious :D
is it about to start? :v
One day I shall meet another Brony IRL, and it'll be glorious
very easy, buy a T-Shirt with a 20% logo on it, only the *insiders* will get the reference and you will meet Real life bronies
TADA
oh
no
Guys
Go here
http://cbe002.chat.mibbit.com/
And then
hm?
I already have a Luna shirt
In the two boxes
why? :o
In the first one
type in your nickname u want
and then the second one, put #ponychat
?
explain
xD
:D
It puts u in my chat.
And
U get free admins.
OP
yes..but why?
Plz? :(
win a free OP
3RD TIME I ASKED
Yes.
I'll pass
Because we can multichat.
what can I do with an OP when nobody is there? xD
but fine, ill go
People will be there.
Who was ass
the nickname
.___.
ass?
Yeah
and he said
AHAHAHAHAHa
and left.
im here
I bet he was..AN ASS
BWAHAHAHA
Zing.
YYEEAAAHHHHHHH!
...
*squeak*
im listening to Avast Fluttershy's ass before I go to my job :3
http://mibbit.com/?channel=%23ponychat&server=irc.mibbit.net
I want Avast Fluttershy's Ass be played at my burial
NO EXCUSES
:D
c
Fluttershy's Lament is better
Turgle
Was that u
does nayone here have a job? :3
in there
where?
i have a job :D
john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden john madden aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
what is it? :D
?.!.?.!
i LOVE my job
aw cool =D
john madden
john madden
john madden
im an actor :3
john madden
john madden
No spamming.
really? :D
john madden
if you say, no spamming, you think he will stop? :3
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
yes really
and it's your job?
4I only did this once. Nobody will catch me :)
0Oh shit
Well, yes
0Damnit.
great!
Careful MetalRainbowDash
I earn money with acting..so that counts as a job =3
u ban me and i will http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/170301-flipping-tables-%E2%95%AF%E2%96%A1%EF%BC%89%E2%95%AF%EF%B8%B5-%E2%94%BB%E2%94%81%E2%94%BB#.Tmn25tQvEdU
well, maybe one day we'll meet with our 20% cooler t-shirts :D
0:o
0Mib now i'm scared of you.
0I know what to do!
/me 0giggles at mib_0819lg Ghosties!
(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
hehe
4THIS IS THE COLOUR OF BLOOD
4CUPCAKES PREVAIL
0oops
6(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
0apperently, I cant use colours
0D:
0sorry mods, dident know
colors are for mods :D
0*gives cookie*
0I WAS IGNORANT, FORGIVE ME
NEVER!
0(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻
0I DONT LIKE BANANAS D:
we are gonna tolerate and love the shit outta you
0WHAAAATTTT]
0HE DOESNT GET CAUGHT
0BUT I DO?!?!
0i no were u can't find bananas on the moooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn bayhe
0beeeeeitch
0Every1 go her
0http://mibbit.com/?channel=%23ponychat&server=irc.mibbit.net
0U get to use colors without OP
0whenever u want
0:)
0colours are not so cool..
0im fine with Rarity colours
0(""\(=^.^=)/"")
0¯\(ツ)/¯ lol i don't no
aaaaaaaaaaaand lunch time!
0omnomnom
0I wish they were streaming right now.
0 7;28 pm here
0:o
0It's 6:26 AM where I am.
0what is /b/
0Bold
0Ooh i'm bold.
0Wait
0WTF
0Ur B is italiac.
0I think
0b
0I'm saying /b/
0http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxVyg3-3d0M
0Waste of 1 second of my life.
0Just Twi saying "I don't get it"
0but its TS
0And..
0¯\(ツ)/¯ lol i don't no
6s
0...
0Bullshit.
0They don't get caught
0Grrr.
0BOEGELA!
0Boegela.
0http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=cwNZZ9dC-GY
0What is it
0Some shit
0http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpPPosBQSCk&NR=1
0I've seen it.
0http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z7uWBHrhX3M
0D: deadchat
0what
hi
Heya.
whats up?
Not a lot. Just checking out a new network. :-P
well its good to have you here
where did you hear about it?
Equestria Daily's Nightly Roundup
Though I've seen a few links throughout the day.
well im glad the word is getting out. ill be working with the networks and such
Anyway, consider me a permanent resident. I pretty much live on IRC, so I went ahead and added a ZNC account for this network.
You're one of the staff here?
yes i am
Awesome stuff. :-)
some other staff should be coming around soon lol
indeed it is
I run a 300+ user network, and I staff on another about twice that size.
wow you must know your stuff
I try.
ohai
this is another staffer
If this network gains any following, I may be interested in helping out, if space is available for such. :-P
I was going to offer a server (I run a hosting business), but you have way too many for this few users, already.
Who in the what now?
well
there was a reason why we had so many
I'm not sure how it's all going to pan out though
aaaand back
I'm sure it'll work out one way or another.
with a hammer and nail we can make a good network! :v
I hope so
indeed we all hope so
hey Kabaka, just so I might know, where else did you see links?
I think I saw a few on Google+.
word of mouth?
Maybe it was Reddit. I don't remember — today (well, last night) was kind of a blur.
Wasn't expecting that
0WAIT
0What
0Sorry I was AFK for a really long time.
I just got up..
0O hi Rainbow
0!
was it for some kind of pony account or just people talking?
I dunno. Maybe it was something similarly-named.
IT's up on EQD
Hi
0Remember me?
EqD got your name wrong
YEah
That was a major problem
Yeah
:|
I remember seeing you last night
Lol
Took me about 30 seconds to find out the actual irc server
0Go here
what do they have up?
bronychan.net
lol chan
0http://mibbit.com/?channel=%23ponychat&server=irc.mibbit.net
LOL
lol oh those ponies
MetalRainbowDash, stop spamming your chat room xD
Awesomeshy: Was it not you that corrected them in the comments?
0Yer not admin. You can't scare meh.
Awesomeshy said... Best Blogger Tips [Reply To This Comment]
on that irc network, it's bronychat, not bronychan.
That would make logical sense
Oh ehehe
I forgot I put my name
Haha
I should probably add this to my auto-connect
It's a good thing you corrected that when you did.
yeayh, I emailed Seth about needing some testing
y we dont need peoples getting it wrong nd not coming lol
and was smashing the F5 key until I saw something
It's probably already happened. Though, honestly, there aren't as many IRC-savvy bronies as there could be.
true
I managed to snag 2 of them from Google+ for a #mylittlepony channel on my network, but they both were new to IRC and never came back.
I'm totally not IRC savvy at all
We're advising you not to do it before one of the ops gives you das boot for it.
well its not so hard after you fumble with it like i did for a long time
You're lucky to have people on Google+
No one I know will move from facebook
:c
i did but then it was really slow
Awesomeshy: http://kylej.name/i/1r1ZOU.png
i jelly
wow we need thems
Only 10 or so people from Facebook moved to Google+
give
The rest are just bronies I've found the hard way.
its hard to ask everypony to switch over
If you add me, the only visible circle is that one. Feel free to copy it. 99% of them are definitely bronies (1% are probably just /b/tards) http://gplus.to/kabaka
Can I have those cookies?
There's only 3 left. :D
yay cookies
If you live close enough, sure.
Bah
No way in hell you live near me then
No one ever does
I know that feeling.
i had cookie before i bowled and thought the pins were yelling at me
No you don't
Sure I do
>programmer
No you don't
turned out to be the wrong alley
Awesomeshy: :D
ChefMKT: Explain, then.
I'm in college right now
Australia.
majoring in software engineering
im in trade school
ChefMKT: Ah. Yeah. That would be a long trip.
Oh is it sharing time now?
Awesomeshy: Ahh, awesome. :D
I'm doing my PhD in computational chemistry
im going to become cop
hey, i'm connecting over SSL. every time i reconnect i need to approve a new self-signed SSL certificate -- is that usual?
Oh, you guys do SSL? What port?
6697-6699
ohai
:D
hi
-- | [Kabaka] is using a Secure Connection
Much better
Hmm
welco....oh wait i already told you that lol
yeah, Pontang was very addament about adding SSL
Now you just need IPv6 support.
we have IPv8 btw
Why is it not in your RR?
its so cool
Or do you mean something else?
>_>
s/thing/where/
12Do we has colours?
7yes
4 We has colours
:|
yes!
we even have bold
:|
My eyes.
we dont have flsh though
8 Darn
6woot
we have this
So much pony
:| You silly fillies.
silly stuff everywhere
Rainbow
Me admin plz?
If I can
I dont have owner atm either for some reason
One second
Alright, I have to ask this. How many of you here are into the fanfiction
2Can I use colors?
what kind?
/me raises hoof
The pony kind
11?
im cool with it
I've read Past Sins and Cupcakes
Of course
never been big into fanfictions tbh
11W.. How are you owner?
i read one called Mr. handy and it ended bad :(
11:D
Mmkay then
I have the channel registered
11How u do that
and I'm pretty sure everyone's read Cupcakes
no i havnt
I haven't, but I know exactly what happens so yeah
Use /register #ponychat password reason
hey all
11k
I think thats how
i lived on farm that had real ponies
I've kinda made it my policy to not read any pony fanfiction, ever
does that count?
hi there
ohai Colgate
< Colgate from #EqD/#EAD -.-
I prefer OralB myself
brushing any teeth lately?
lol ChefMKT
what about aquafresh?
The what now?
Crest is best toothpaste.
what, no love for my joke? ;;_;;
Well, Stomper
imo Crest is best toothpaste
no brushint at all is best
That joke was a bit too straight forward
/me loves the brushie brushie
Awesomeshy: :D
:(
i want dash boots
Favourite pony, go
i havnt brushed sense i graduated high school back in 83
11Wtf
Dash boots?
the one who can fly
11I can't register my mibbit
83?
you know the chick one
11chat thing
Why not?
indeed
11I try putting /register #ponychat <reason here>
11But it won't do anything.
Also, try /cs register #ponychat reason
I'm not sure if that's being serious, a joke, or a typo
All ponies are my favorites. I gave up trying to pick one.
he's
You might need to put the cs
he's probably being serious
Also, 83? wat
read what freezeframe said
Because that'll make him like 40 something
also yeah I'm at war with myself at favorite pony
torn apart im sure
Not that there's anything wrong with that
so every pony is best pony
^
Rarity is best pony, all other opinions are invalid
nono
:-(
yep thats what the show taught me back in the 80's
I hate rarity
she gold digger
That's not very pony-like of you, Awesomeshy
or a gem digger i guess
ya Awesomeshy thats not very pony of you
The ones that hate Rarity tend to have Fluttershy/Rainbow Dash as their favourite from what I've seen
ok there are some times I like her
but for the most part she's my least favorite pony
my least fav pony is the dragon
What about Applejack? I'm surprised by how many people say she's their favorite.
But that's not a pony
AJ has been there since G1
huh?
What's wrong with AJ?
Not that surprising
aj is pony next door
Her personality is also relatable to alot of people as weel
Nothing's wrong with her. I've just noticed, among those I watch, that she's almost always considered the best. It's noticeably uneven.
hot voice
shes pony you take home to meet parents
I'm probably
but then parents fight and it ruins everything
leaning more towards pinkie pie tbh
you also need to register your nick first...
im for that one
oh man i forget names
Not gonna lie, I hope season 2 lives up to the hype
I'm kinda burned out on ponies
It has to
i hope it becomes survival horror show
I won't burn out in the foreseeable future.
^
That future may be very short
Lulz
2012 etc
IN THE YEAR 1212, WHEN MAN IS TIRED OF PONIES....
1212?
oh hey, so, my internet killed me for a bit after i asked about SSL earlier. Is it normal to get asked to confirm a new self-signed certificate every time i connect?
oh damn
i messed taht up
(so i missed any answers if there were any)
11It said it sent an email to my email
GGgala: If they're using a self-signed cert and your client is very picky, then I suppose so.
Might be GGgala, I've honestly only connected to the server once
Kabaka: no, it's a different fingerprint, every time, i checked.
11Prince Dari
im a bot so idk
with other networks' self-signed certs it hasn't come up like this
GGgala: You may be getting different servers. There are 4 client servers in a round robin.
yet, anyway
If they all use different certs, that would happen.
tough crowd
that might be it
ya
ah, yeah. they all show the same irc.bronychat.net domain though. but i guess that makes sense.
If your client saves your approval, that would stop once you've connected to each.
it does. it has before, anyway.
0MEEGH
0Rainbow
0I still didn't get an e-mail
don't think he's here right now
0Grrrrr
um, whats your fav pony quote?
So who actually set up the network?
anope services, and we still need to install some modules
Pontang did
I funded everything
Why Unreal + Anope? :-(
Stomper: Dumb fabric
He couldn't get surreal services to work
Gah, Surreal is also the wrong choice. :-P
what would you advice?
there are 50 different types of irc severs, have to pick one!
After running a medium size network for 8 years, I've found that to be the best choice for every situation.
0deadchat :(
And I'm good friends with the guy that wrote them.
Friends with benefits?
I used Unreal+Anope for 4 years.
Haha, almost. :-P
:3
Unfortunately, he's quite resistant to the idea of ponies being okay.
Don't worry, he'll come around
They all do
I think he tried making it into a drinking game a few days ago.
I have no idea what happened with that.
unfortunately, I don't think Pontang is going to be arround for the long huall, and he's the one who knows the most about irc networks on staff list
cool title
ponies drinking game?
ohay, what's the policy on using HostServ here?
pony drinking games are fun :D
0-_-
my face quote was by fluttershy when she said "it is always more difficult to fight against faith than against knowledge"
fav
Awesomeshy: That's a shame. Like I said, I live on IRC, and I know Unreal and Anope inside out. If you want/need/will accept another staff member, I'm more than willing.
When the heck did she say that?
i get "Access denied" when i do a /hs request
No custom vhost for you!
it was a quoic quote and is missed easily
quick
my keynoard is messed up, got chewed on
Yeah, I'm pretty sure she never said that
Awesome title is awesome
no im sure i heard her say that
^
maybe im paraphrasing
You're going to have to quote which episode
Because I really don't recall her saying anything remotely similar to that, ever.
maybe it wasnt her
trolling detected
I'm not seeing anything like that on the transcripts on the MLP Wikia page. http://j.mp/o7oNb3
maybe it was another :/
no im not trolling at all
lol
im sure i heard it
07bah autojoin
I've watched the series about a dozen times and I have no idea what you're talking about. :-\
back
sorry, someone was knocking on the door
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-cVpk8F614Vw/TmoGPJMhwiI/AAAAAAAAA7c/ysfU1lMkjo8/s1600/Capture.PNG <-- What am I supposed to do with this?
she also said "friendship build bridges into unexplored regions"
0Wtf
0Guys
0I just got some thing saying I have a virus
LOL Flutterhitler
What thing said it?
0It opened a new tab
what?
0and said We will check system for you
Sounds like a type of phishing scheme.
07sounds like a parapsprite
0OMG I CANT CLOSE IT
xfd
Use the power of Alt-F4.
wait what?
Awesomeshy: in case you missed it, I highlighted you while you were gone
0That doesn't work either.
sounds like welcome to the internet
Stomper_: Where are you getting those quotes from? :|
0It says
http://thinkexist.com/quotation/it_is_always_more_difficult_to_fight_against/338081.html
use Ctrl+Alt+ESC
0Download Antivirus Studio 2010 now
^ Flutterhitler
0to remove
remembering them from memory
GGgala: LOL
:/
Yea, that's not something you'd want. Don't trust it.
07get mbam :)
0What is it
07malwarebytes
07your infected I think
im sure i heard it while watching pony
0Ok wtf is this software on my pc
07and get a decent popup blocker
o.o
0Virus Protect 2009
Do you watch it while under the influence of something?
Oh hey, it's the duder
get firefox :D
07virus protect ...2009...
oh hey its wet blanket
Just typed in "Antivirus Studio 2010" into google. The entire first page of results is how to remove it.
ohay, you misquoted Flutterhitler, dog! http://thinkexist.com/quotation/words_build_bridges_into_unexplored_regions/221303.html
na im high on life
Heya Pontang :D
LOL
/Words/ build bridges, not friendship :D
ohai Pontang
hiya
0What about page 2?
what did i quote?
oh damn
Hey Pontang, Kabaka says he's interested in helping out
I did says that, yes.
That's cool
i was reading worl histoy in class and i do read in pony voice
More removal stuff.
0It says if this has happened to u
0You've been hit by a fake scanner page
sometimes
07What is Antivirus 2009? (Run SpyHunter's malware scanner to check for Antivirus 2009)
07Antivirus 2009, from the same family as Antivirus 2008 and Doctor Antivirus, is a new rogue anti-spyware application. Antivirus 2009 is installed onto your PC when visiting dubious malicious websites and is advertised through the use of Trojans. Once Antivirus 2009 is installed it will scan your PC reporting numerous fictitious infections. The purpose is to scare you into purchasing the
7application Antivirus 2009. An Internet Explorer browser helper object is also installed which shows fabricated alert messages. The message may state that your PC is infected or a box is added to your Google homepage falsely claiming that Google detected an infection on your computer. Your web browser will also be redirected to sites promoting the rogue program Antivirus 2009. Remove the
0and a drive-by download (downloads that occur without your concent)
7Antivirus 2009 infection as soon as possible.
Kabaka: what do you offer?
I don't think I want to see inside your brain man.
07read ^^
;;_;; how could i do that to her?!
seems legit
07lol
0XD
When in doubt, there's always a hard shut down of the computer, disconnect the internet connection, then uninstall.
0I already have MBAm
0Gonna run it
07http://www.removal-instructions.com/removeAntivirus2009.html
0and scan
I was looking for a new name :v
so she didnt also say "All propaganda has to be popular and has to accommodate itself to the comprehension of the least intelligent of those whom it seeks to reach.”
07your welcome
Pontang: 8 years of IRC operator / network owning and operating experience, and 10 years of experience being a server administrator (I'm owner-operator of a web hosting company). I'm on IRC pretty much all day since I work from home on my PC. Also, potentially a new server node, though you're so far under capacity it's not even funny. And free ZNC accounts.
Perfect name for an admin, too! Now you've pre-Godwinned any complainers.
oh linux you know i love you
thats not funny Flutterhitler, my grandad died in a consentration camp
he had adhd
Flutterhitler: LOL
0The scan was quick.
0It found 6 threats
0gonna remove them
Stomper_: Really?
07eeeyup
That's great.
07and be sure to disable windows restore..
07>.<
No, he quotes hitler all the time
dude he had adhd
0omg
;;_;; no i dont
0IT SAYS CANT REMOVE SOME INFECTED FILES
all the time
07safemod :)
OMG
i just get ponies and hitler mixed up i guess
Pontang: :D
0Oh safe mode
0forgot
lol
Stomper_: That's not a normal mistake to make!
07brb making lunch
Stomper_: Ponies are not Hitler-like in any way. :-(
0But how am I sill in the chat if it's supposed to block apps from running
Such word association is something I expect to see as a bizarre neurosymptom on House.
Nightmare Moon maybe
(Nobody correct me. I'm already thinking of ways I'm wrong)
so rainbow dash didnt say “How fortunate for leaders that men do not think.”?
0I guess the program block trigger or whatever didn't come on.
i can see her saying that
0Oh wait now it removed all threats.
07looks like you be busy for a while :)
Oh, now it's Rainbow Adolf too?
0K WTF
0I'm on AOL
0And then
Thank god this is IRC
0Another one pops up
0One about..
0Navashield?
/me sighs. Godwin's Law!
how many ponies have Hilter quotes now?
07your infected ...
so far fluttershy and rainbow dash
well i know for sure pinky pie talked about the jewish problem
lol
Hello Luna
0Luna I think u should read about Navahsield
http://www.bleepingcomputer.com/virus-removal/remove-antivirus-studio-2010
0shield
0Wtf is it
0I'm infected I can tell 100%
MetalRainbowDash, reboot -> safemod -> run antivirus -> ??? -> profit
07thats what I said...
07I even gave you instructions
07you need to reboot
eberyone has to share apples
07run safemod with admin options
everypony*
07now brb LUNCH!
/me is hungry
my celestia this chat
All the ponies in this network are CRAZY!
^
</Twilight>
A+ trolling, would LOL again
:v
it was nice being stallin for a bit
I'm not crazy, I'm just weird
all i ever did was a bunch of russain
0k
I think being weird comes with the territory.
No no, I'm just weird
Not crazy
who here is a furry that became one sfter watching this show?
07so I slept like 3hrs today.. yay
(y)
not me
busy night?
only for ponies
07yea... test-stream
<_< oh ya not me either
still not a fan of anthros or any of that
I've been a furry for years.
getting ready for next week? :D
07yep
where you live Kabaka?
(y)
8 more days
Bronies have an odd misconception of what furries are, so I hate talking about that around them
he already linked his G+
i'm scared about this chat
Stomper: Oklahoma (USA)
i live in uganda
K I rebooted
07why scared?
it's gonna be unreadable
tooooo users
After removing
Kabaka: define furry
and im a furry
as in, a fan of the art, or dresses up in fursuits
07Well... I cant tell much :)
YES ITS GONE
07Just wait and see
for sure :D
=x
07run a full scan MRD to be sure
well in uganda you get stoned when you wear fursuits
Well it's gone.
and not the good kind of stoned
It can come back!?!?
the one with stones
and rock
of course
:o
and sometimes light cigars
wat
brb
then I'd be considered a furry
Kabaka has it down perfectly
But bronies seem to think that furry means anthro characters with definite sex involved.
So this whole conversation makes me uncomfortable. :|
ya ive been a part of a furry group for a while and its no yiffing at all
I was never in it for that stuff.
put bluntly, I thought it was more animal people
Ooh, that reminds me
your around friends Kabaka
like thundercats
Snarfy snarf?
<3 snarf
If you go on the furnet, most of the channels are 18+ for a reason. >:
WITH THE POWWER OF ENTERNIA!
FurAffinity recently released some statistics that are relevant to this discussion.
The vast majority of the content on the site is not adult, and not even mature.
Kabaka going to furry campot this weekend with over 100 furries. its going to be biggest in uganda history
ya i can see kids thinking its something its not
back
Stomper: That's pretty cool. I didn't know you guys had anything like that down there.
Have u guys heard of a video called 1 Guy 1 Jar?
That's awesome :D
07scans running?
And yes.
because I'm a horrible person
I'm going to kill Stomper's fun
im form cali btw
ahh
see i did it first
Ah neat.
lol
nvm got beat to it
hahahahaah
Have you heard of 1 Guy 1 Jar
07back to luna's lunch brb
should yiff in hell this week
what are you Kabaka?
>_>
also i Awesomeshy never will say what his fursona is
No MRD, and I don't want to.
inb4 moose
Stomper: lion
XD
Well imma tel u
im bear here
It starts off
with some nude guy
Or pony. I don't know. I've already adapted my design to be a pegasus pony.
And he sits down on a cup
And it goes up his ass
and then the cup breaks
07wtf....
this roo just got really furry
07please stop it
and he bleeds
room
k
D:
07geez
Crazy Porn
Yeah. We should discontinue that. Everyone got quiet, and I think Pontang changed his mind about letting me help out.
/me does not want to know
(I actually tried to watch it once)
/me whacks MetalRainbowDash with a rolled up newspaper.
it's not really his disission
na your in brony
HEY!
ya
D
xD
two against one
lol
Bad dog.
/me stabs DeniedExistenceMobile
and I doubt he cares lol
Ah. Awesome.
I wouldn't change my mind over something silly as that. Aside for that, Awesomeshy owns most of these servers.
/me unsheaths his katana.
we'll have furry channel in this network and we can talk later
/me runs.
and im the manager
I own all of the servers except for the hub
/me outruns DeniedExistenceMobile
i own the name
costing me about ~$40 a month
:c
you srs?
Good thing I am a pegasus.
i srs
ffffffffff
Good thing I am too.
you bonies better come back
keep t worth it lol
/me flies away at 250 mph
so forceful
Fuck
im dom pony
/me whacks Luna with a rolled up newspaper.
Dibs on tentacle pony
well, I'll be here idling at the least
....
Awesomeshy: If I do end up giving a node to the network, it will be free.
/me chokes Turgle
Right, for that MetalRainbowDash, I'm putting you on my ignore list.
yay
NOOO
waat
PLEASE I'LL BE GOOD PONY!
:(
dibs on bdsm pony rank
/me heals Turgle
/me apologizes to Luna
dibs on shipping-free pony
/me apologizes to DeniedExistenceMobile and gives a present.
dibs on dat ass
Hrm
plot*
Guess I should change my policy to staying away from the entire fandom
dat plot
Oh my.
ohai Kabaka
why?
Personal reasons
ohi Kabaka
because of us?
Oh hay guys
Did my last two messages come through? :|
Course not
no
no
Luna: You're the banana queen, quick put a banana in your ear!
:(
Awesomeshy: If I do end up giving a node to the network, it will be free.
Awesomeshy: And potentially web site hosting as well (no promises, though).
because i like you ChefMKT
you should stick around
/me opebs up the present.
Most people do like me
But it's a one way street
I actually own http://www.animuchan.org/
What did I miss? D:
Opens*
and I'm hosting it off of the same hosting plan
ChefMKT hahahah ass
Awesomeshy: Ah.
Inside, you find.
...
Yeah, I am
But people love me for it
A golden pony mini statue
People love asses. ;P
Also with a platinum one.
plot*
See, he gets it
:D
i like asses
:D
I like you
im a nipple man myself though
you like me?
;x
Which is probably a good thing now that I think about it
also plot*
No, not you
/me optained two limited addition stable-tec pony statues!
Never you
;;_;;
XD
Stomper should be used to it. ;O>>>
EspyLacopa i'll be good pony.
*Link item obtaining sound here*
:(
hahahaha
oh
that was a low blow
I gave Denied a present
Guess I should go back to work on this PMV, I really have been slacking off on this
be quiet.....
sd perry
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SvODpHnV9o4
T~T
links to youtube channel ChefMKT
?
<---
:D
k
Ocarina of Time!
kkk
/me gives Denied everything he wanted as a little filly, and present
omg
marisa in the background
ilu ChefMKT
of what?
he went from touhou fag to pony fag
Which is the main reason why I tend to distance myself from the pony fandom
I have never been a little filly though!
xD
why? because its for 8 year old girls?
lol
/me fully embraces the pony culture
hey ChefMKT, you play the games, right?
I actually do, yes
Not in this universe at least 0_o
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AeUy4JhEII&feature=results_video&playnext=1&list=PLB0344D9C6F2FD531
Well, most of them
i do it for all the ass i get from talking about it
you played 13 yet?
I haven't played Ten Desires that much
CLick the YouTube
I 1cc'd it on normal and that was it
ah
How do I make YT videos come up
Liike it's info
I haven't even played it yet
Oddly enough
and stuff
When the demo of ten desires was leaked
http://miburl.com/bpjSo9
Was around the same time Cutie Mark Chronicles was airing
And I was like "Nope, watching ponies"
At that point, I realised I moved onto another fandom
lol what a great story you have there, im the richer for hearing it
But as of right now, burned out on ponies so yeah
http://www.filmcow.com/charlietheunicorn.html <-- Charlie the Unicorn
buy weed
Espy
I just want to finish off this PMV and stop for the time being and concentrate on my let's plays
youll become a fan of everything
how about Hisoutensoku?
How do you get youtube video thumbnails
and stuff
Funny you mention that
I still do play it
and its info
fffffff- yes we should network play sometime
instead of the YouTUbe box
Although because I'm in Australia, I can't really play that many people of a decent skill level
this is worse then out furry conversation lol
oh
I'm in texas :c
I assume you're in the US
Yeah
Stomper: lulz
The delay is going to be 8
At least
im in uganda
so much aids
By being really awesome.
Chaaaaaarlie
Stomper: shut up
Although if you still want to try, go ahead
Be warned, I've been playing in high delay games since IaMP
07man im tired :(
i put money in aids fund the other day
i bought ten aids jokes with that
ah, the lag on that game is so bad when the distance is far
can't you just go to sleep? c:
Candy Mountain!
Then go to sleep, ya silly filly!
IaMP?
hisoutensoku
07I tried .. but could not sleep
OH, yeah
/me hugs Luna.
The netcoding is horrible and mauve didn't want to make a caster for it
hey Kabaka, you play minecraft?
I actually haven't played IaMP
Luna
IaMP...eh
07oh well time to order my bf for more energy drinks
It's a lot harder to play, that's for sure
How do I make a youtube video with it's thumbnail
07Monstersss
Have Fluttershy sing you a lullaby.
the box thimbnail or something
thumbnail
07it's mibbit
I know
Stomper: Used to play Classic. I haven't really had time to get into the new one.
Which character do you play in Hisoutensoku?
But how do I get the thumbnail pic on it
07I don't use mibbit
in the actual video
07I use a proper client ;)
grrrr
Like a proper princess.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2AeUy4JhEII&feature=results_video&playnext=1&list=PLB0344D9C6F2FD531
07indeed
Click it
why? you work or school?
It'd be hard to pick just one
Oh okay
I usually play either Ibuki/Youmu/Remillia
07EspyLacopa did you see the test-stream last night?
I see
Oh actually, you might enjoy this
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Txq4JS6WKI
Stomper: Work. I work for myself. My free time is entirely full of IRC and ponies and writing software.
Yup. I left after the pony episode that was on the Hub.
what kind of software?
how did the test go?
also didnt apple jacks once say "Demoralize the enemy from within by surprise, terror, sabotage, assassination. This is the war of the future."
i left after dr who
I watched Dr. Who
Hoo
07We expected more people..
:|
God look how many people are in the chat
ONly a few
07But we might do another test soon
Yesterday it was blowing up.
I'm sure you'll get plenty of people next saturday.
Stomper: Things for my business, mostly, to be honest. Also IRC bots, things I'm contracted to write, and lately, the backend for a pony image archive (see my G+ stream for development whining on part of that).
that's the point i guess xD
:O
whats your g+ again?
Stomper: Really anything, though. If I need something done, I'll write something to do it for me.
I JUST REMEMBERED
http://gplus.to/kabaka
on second thought ChefMKT
Today they're streamin' ponies on Fridays
adding you
07today rocky horror extended!
07Woooo!
luna
I'll add you back if you're not in my circles already. Lots of my stuff is private.
07yes?
Maybe network play might not be such a good idea
ya know
I sent a mssage to BronyState email asking for application
la g and all
They never sent it
1 Day ago
Lol
>__>
I wonder why you changed your mind
:<
Derpieshy cheats a lot
07We are pretty busy nowadays.. I just checked the e-mail no new mail arrived
no I don't
you just suck
I sent it to BronyState@Gmail.com
07try again :)
no
Ugh
you get me in corner and wont stop spam hitting me lol
K sent
07maybe Derpy played with it
Now check the email
you can't really do that
it's p easy to get out of a corner
yep you can
07easy boy
07first lunch ;)
you never gave me time to do it though
you broke my heart by doin that
we didnt even have a tea party
we could have kissed under my unbrella
:v
Where is Rainbow_Dash?
also ChefMKT You'll definately beat me
Lol
That video is really, really not a good representation of me
That's just me and my Marisa friend doing really stupid things
http://www.filmcow.com/charlietheunicorn2.html <-- Z!
hahaha no responce, stab the dagger in deeper
And it ends up working half the time
thats me
Awesome.
07what am I looking at :D
Charlie the Unicorn 2
You're brony #1063
lol
yaya get crazy in thar
na im not a brony
Charlie the Unicorn?
im here for the job
Yes.
remember Stomper, you're just a number
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCCK0Dd2hNA This is actually a pretty recent video of me
not even sure what pony is tbh
ya i know
EspyLacopa, if you want D'AWWWWWW watch this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XnbhLwNUQ-Y
its always a number
Stomper: Fine. You're also furry #14.
they always just want me to put my 1 in their 0
I can't even use Alice right
nice!
or any puppet type character
in any fighting game
alice is kind of fun
L..Luna
I need..
Apps
Alice is extremely finnicky
i saw porn where the puppets were banging her
That's nice
07patience is a virtue
indeed it was
:|
:|
Cardboard Boxes are awesome.
I can't wait for Fighting is Magic
yup :)
i didnt look because i have filters on computer
Who's heard of Mr. Sandman?
ChefMKT: Did you watch the Livestream?
From Halloween
Yeah I did
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=naLkgikDVqU&feature=related
Was quite amusing to see the chat
Ah yeah I did
Yeah
Remember those Calvin and Hobbe stripes about the things they did with the box?
the funny part is that i didnt ut filters on
CALVIN & HOBBES <3
I have the entire collection
xDù
I'm hoping that the game is combo happy enough that I can make some videos for it too
they just were on one day, now ll i see are thumb nails of everything
Aagfffff
And I'm going to assume Stomper is like 13 or so
no
Just throwing it out there
ROLEPLAYIN TIME
i use windows 95
and idk how that works
/me wakes up
:|
I
/me stares at EspyLacopa, the new person.
....I don't even know what to say about Stomper right now
pony
Trust me
I've seen worse
im really tired
So have I. But I normally run away
Cardboard Box + Pinkie Pie
Or k-line
na i take it head on
might go with k-line
= Cardpinkie Box Pie?
:v
g-line since you're on Unreal :-P
nono
oh yeah huh
:3
wait
nvmd
Never mind on your opposition to being g-lined? :D
Derpieshy: DO IT FILLY
07EspyLacopa PM
Espy i'm the local starer.
God dammit
>_>
Hm?
I read that as the actual user Filly
/me sees meteor.
RUN!!!
GET IN COVER!
*meteor hits*
It's kind of a meme in the fandom, now
hey Pontang
Yeah
Aye?
I was there when that happened in the voice chat
Pontang is not in now, please leave a threat at the end of message
can you g-line Stomper for me? I can't be bothered to
Was quite hilarious at the time
First time I saw it was Wilton R on Google+.
I thought it was damn clever.
Lol
Mishka is on TV
The talking husky
:/
Ooh, new raocow
links
i just got done watching all vip5 wallkthrough
What do you mean links?
was over 55 vids
;_;
no
boo~
what?
no I'm not
I soon will be though
Why not
I haven't seen any of his videos for a while
/me turns evil.
vip5 was a good game he did
lots a good levels
/me holds Turgle against the wall.
/me "Prepare to DIE!"
What an end for the cardboard box.
oh well
I'm finding it rather alarming how many things I have in common with you
/me whacks EspyLacopa with a bat in the head
/me stabs Turgle.
i loved the Jurassic park reference
do you like knitting?
Honestly, I can't say I've seriously tried it
I don't
But I do enjoy the idea of keeping my hands busy
never done it
Morning everypony
crochet
its better
07Lyra why are you so adorable
I've always wanted to try knitting.
07http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lr3xnp3S2t1qincmao1_500.jpg
for hands
Starcraft 2?
Some of my friends knit and love it.
Hi AllisZero c:
I actually don't play a lot of games
Oh, I don't really play it
i crochet and i made hats and dolls and shit
I watch other people play it
OH Lyra |3
Luna, becaus~
so lots of LP's?
Oh, god no
i made a bear hat
I watch the koreans play it
lol
07Have some more art
07http://29.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lr3ya6dXR41qincmao1_500.png
does kim jong do them?
Doing an LP of an RTS game is...uh
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iGUuY-kl9Eg <-- Usagi Drop
Not a good idea
lol
It's the general stereotype that koreans are better than everyone else in starcraft
it is?
Turns out, it's true so far
i have never heard that
A stereotype that seems true
/me slow
e.g. MLG
Top six spots were all Koreans
well stereotypes are based on real stuff though
Anyway
Rin is adorable
That's really well done
Ok, all fixed then?
QWERTY or DVORAK?
i would never think korean though
maybe jap or welsh, but not korean
Stomper: Video gaming is a sport on Korea.
Japanese is fighting games, son
You can try it yourself if you wish.
in*
she's so cute
I thought Starcraft was the national sport of Korea?
Yeah
fuck yeah blazblue/arcana hearts
Ehhh
Blazblue
why does everyone hate blazblue
Back from school.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SwdYZ7Kg4Sg This is why.
>400 Skpe messages
wb
Not as bad is it usually is.
i thought they liked ping pong, like in forest gump
Working single man chooses to raise his dead grandpa's 5 year old daughter.
._.
Prince Dari
Check my email asking for application
Or Luna
Because none of his other relatives wanted to.
loved that scene
http://mibpaste.com/78N1cf
Prince
Dari
what am I watching
Ponytang is Mibbit@BA29AE29.C03EC38A.A9F0B7CF.IP * http://www.mibbit.com
mibbit is fixed yeah
Ok MetalRainbowDash.
RElius has a dive kick
:|
k
I didn't know anyone still used Mibbit after the hacking incident. :-\
application for what?
Oh darn
It's already 11 PM, sleep time
Ok.
Everyone still uses mibbit.
It's the only good web client.
pffft its 630 here
8:33 AM. Almost time for dinner. :D
What if I don't have a profession in school?
We're planning to add a flash/java applet in the future. But that is for preference.
As good as a web client can be anyway.
Man that's hard on the eyes
Anyway, I know, there's not really many good alternatives.
in russia, severn ate nine
Can I put it as N/A
Well, if you want flexibility.
x_x
I just want no data mining and no unethical administration.
Yeah
There are other ajax clients out there.
The hacking itself wasn't the problem. It was the administrative logs that came out of it.
So much bad stuff revealed.
I see.
Mibbit is banned on 7/9 of the networks I'm on.
wow there went the conversation lol
=p
:|
Pretty much
so nwyas Kabaka, what kind of work you do?
Stomper: Primarily, I run a web hosting business.
So, what are the chances that the Secret Pony Level of Diablo III is actually real?
oh nice
Stomper: Everything you could want to know is written/linked on my G+ page.
07lol
I think it's real, but not meant to be a reference to MLP.
na i ask the person instead, i like to be more one on one then go look stuff up lol
Agree
Haha, that's always nice.
that would be great anyway
eh it makes better conversation
Of course.
nice tea party we have here
I'm not on any networks mibbit's banned on. :P
/me wants a GW2 release date!
But, we have all the servers ready for mibbit now.
my god
/me puton monocle and top hat
give me your computer setup
Good.
QUITER!
I'm betting some of the bans will be lifted after some time has passed.
ya hes so jelly
I'll switch it over for BMN today then.
Prinnce-Dari
why was mibbit banned, do you know?
you know any hackers Kabaka?
Can I put my profession in school as N/A
*prince
Fine.
>_>
?invite DerpyBot
omg Lordlyhour
:<
you have to watch firefly
No
I don't
yes!
why not?
I don;t care for Sci-Fi
dammit, it isn't OGN and Centravi :p
mmm
It was a sci-fi show?
been doing on the side surveillance for a friend and ive hit a dead end
Firefly isn't Sci-Fi, it's a western
i thought it was a western/pirate series
that happens to be in space
Ah
I don't care for westerns
Nobody really wants to trust them to obey their own privacy policy anymore.
diablo 3 would be 20% cooler which would explain the vegetation
I don't tend to like much TV at all
One of the main admins has said they data mine for sensitive, private information, though nobody is really sure if he was telling the truth. I'd like to assume not.
And that's why you should use a real client.
hey Kabaka, I can't seem to tell what OS you have in that workstation pic
But this certainly didn't help.
Come to me when Firefly is a Complete Webcomic
Yeah, pretty much.
Then I'll talk
!s2
There are a few exceptions, but the only thing I really like about westerns are revolvers and stetsons
Sent
07CPU~Quad core AMD Athlon II X4 645 (-MCP-) clocked at 3595.964 Mhz 07Kernel~3.0-ARCH x86_64 07Up~4 days 07Mem~2379.4/16086.4MB 07HDD~1410.3GB(68.4% used) 07Procs~159 07Client~Weechat 0.3.5 07inxi~1.7.23  
Answering ALL of the questions
But one is N/A
The profession one.
But meh, if you'r going to have IRC associated with a website you need some kind of embedded client.
!s2
Or most people won't bother.
Definitely.
Don't break derpy...!
wow
And mibbit just happens to be the best web client imo
impressive
Derpybot has to derp before she does anything
*derp*
quick question, is Dinky cannon or fannon?
like that
!s2http://www.explosm.net/comics/2496/
Arch linux?
Season 2 begins in 7d:23h:15m:54s
fanon
fanon
She exists
/me plugs her ears with some muffins
Yeah
derpy! tell me a story
Thx. I was unsure if I missed something during one of the 26.
wait kernel 3.0's out
Has been for weeks
how long as this been
She's visible in the show
oh shit
It was in Arch repos the same day, of course.
she's in the Winter Wrap Up musicle number
Doesn't she just appear briefly beside Derpy, and the fanon developed there?
But all the "She's Derpy's Daughter" and stuff are Fanon
Amazingly, it didn't break anything! :D
Oh. gotcha.
It's true.
Haha that Lyra falling off the bed is cute
i hope it will be canon
Kabaka: what command did you use to get that?
Colgate: inxi
i doubt it
yeah
Oh man, this is gonna be a long, long day at work.
It's a little system info utility. I can get all sorts of verbose details from it
I do too, actually
07Graphics:  07Card-1: nVidia G96 [GeForce 9500 GT]
it might, they gave us Derpy Hoove
07  07Card-2: nVidia G84 [GeForce 8400 GS]
But I also doubt it
07  07X.Org 1.10.3.901 07driver nvidia 07Resolution 5760x1080
07  07GLX Renderer GeForce 9500 GT/PCI/SSE2 07GLX Version 3.3.0 NVIDIA 280.13
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/55650
I lol'd
yeah, just downloaded it from the repo
Twilight told me this picture is about Apple_Pie Ed humanized Hybrid Soarin' (and 2 more)
They'll probably have Dinky appear more beside Derpy, but other than that, no actual canonizing
hey whay hasnt anyone ever ddos livejasmine.com?
The full output is huge
Hehe, I got a pie Eddy!
Soarin's VA = Ed's VA
Not bad :D
my god, when i found that out.
good luck
my mind = blown
/me hasn't watched EE&E
I run it from within my client to get the colored output and client version info
gtg, later everypony
oh well, derpy canon is awesome too
Turgle
The applicat..
ok bye
Lol.
this is a handy script :D
Later Turgle
Cosplaying ed
07later Turgle
Alias: inxi => /shell -o inxi $*
<3 weechat
Luna
I sent my application
It really is
But you'll probably decline it.
Eddy! Look at me eat this pie with my face! *facepie*
ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻
inxi -F -x -d -u -l
:c feel left out being on fedora and all
No inxi for you?
lol
nope
woah, that is a ton of info
sudo get out Derpieshy
Derpieshy: Install from sources. :D
Allis, I can't read your crazy moon language!
Stomper: you're using ubuntu 11.04
don't you even
ya and its shit
Ubuntu :-(
Chat is dying.
I started on Fedora. I used to use it on all my servers, too.
Later moved on to Debian, then Gentoo, then Ubuntu, and finally Arch
ah man
I started on ubuntu, then debian, then arch
My servers all run CentOS >:(
I managed to install gentoo
i started on ubuntu then ubuntu
Gentoo was _okay_, but I much prefer Arch Linux
I don't think I'll ever leave.
I tried arch
The package manager is damn nice
wee i can go home now
and everything was working fine
except
see you there!
i love you all!
THE SUSPENSE IS KILLING ME
except nothing!
except all your 20's goto 10 and all your 10 is hell
TO BE CONTINUED
Colgate: LOL
Derpieshy: Nooooooooooooooooooo! </Spike>
I think I was messing up my xorg config
shit i thought Kabaka would get that joke
That's not Arch's fault :-(
yeah
I'm not blaming arch
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VMZxm-EisrQ and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IfCAQRaI-Z8
Stomper: I did, but Derpieshy overshadowed you
Espy
<3 no one ever gets that joke
How do you get the thumbnails to show
your old school for sure
:D
Derpieshy: Well good. :-P
I'll stand by Arch through anything.
the same problem I had with Arch was what was wrong with gentoo
It's not for everyone, but it's *exactly* what I need.
me
:c
:-(
so I tried out fedora
and was p happy
this turkey wants me to try it also
it runs really well on my netbook
I need something that's bleeding-edge and has a package manager that doesn't bork up the entire system every time it runs. Arch even makes installing from source dead simple. I haven't done a make install on here yet.
/me dances
Fedora is not bad.
o.o
on the moon
With Luna. On the moon
I still had one machine running it until I decommissioned my servers in Tulsa.
that doessnt borg up the system
wat, how does arch compile from source
I dance. TO stave off
I haven't had to compile from source on arch yet
Well, there's the AUR (Arch User Repository)
My depression. BeefStronganoff
His moustache is touching his brain!
You can get a PKGBUILD from that and feed it to a system utility
I some how doubt thats how yiou spell the name of te tastey dish though
It handles downloading, patching, dependencies, and then compilation and install.
So installing things from source that are in the AUR is the same command as installing the actual packages from the main repos.
The tick was awesome
Alot of people are AFK
I must drive them away with my bouts of whiney angsting
obai Donraj
imean
OR "wangsting" if you so prefer
hi Donraj
ohai
Hi
don't go
lol
Doing quite a good job at it to. *disappears*
Derpieshy: D: THAT WAS A CLOSE CALL
Donraj: Hi!
Yo!
!s2
Season 2 begins in 7d:23h:00m:12s
This is the right room, yes? It said #bronychan on Equestria Daily, but I assumed they made the same typo twice
also Kabaka, I should give arch another go sometime after I do some more reading on xorg
wang sting.... sounds like it hurts
this is the right room
Donraj: Indeed!
Kay
yes this is right room
I lol'ed at the typo
The source of the quote, "I CAN'T READ YOUR CRAZY MOON LANGUAGE!"
"no one messes with lo wang!"
nice to know prob 90% of people are going to wrong place
welcome mr 10%
anyways... ron paul 2012 right?
I was trying to go to dronychan.net
er, bronychan.net
which of course, didn't resolve
Yeah, that's what they have up
First thing I did
I should uh
$ host irc.bronychan.net
Host irc.bronychan.net not found: 3(NXDOMAIN)
email them and tell them to change it
eventually somepony posted a comment
Probably.
That was Derpieshy
hi
hi
:D
Derpieshy: Just register bronychan.net (it's not taken)
oh sheet
good idea
I thought about nabbing it and having it go to my network
ah but that's another $10
Joker 2012, because some parties just want to watch the world burn
I wonder what my cost is for .net domains. I think it went down recently.
/me looks
Pinkie 2012
It's Taft!
*sigh*
I haven't really shopped around lately
been using dreamhost for a few years
Ok, need to switch over all the IRCs again. :P >_>
Sweet, my cost did go down a tiny bit
I should go lower my prices
All the IRCs? lol wut
that was my reaction
What I mean is all the mibbit embeds.
oh lol
I have to change all of them to come here.
are you streaming from your cable line?
http://www.explosm.net/comics/2322/
http://mibbit.com/?channel=%23ponychat&server=irc.mibbit.net
Pun comic is pun
or are you ripping stuff and then streaming it
I'm not 100% how our Hub stream is, as I'm not the one who streams it.
:( deadchat
oh
I think it's an HD capture card.
are y'all planning on streaming season 2?
Yeah, we're streaming all of S2 live.
if so, you've got 1+ viewer
I do not have the hub in my dorm
:c
The mane6 stream had ~2600 people max at one point.
I saw that
It peaked at like 3,300.
So we're expecting more than that probably.
Kabaka: that's why we got so many servers
Gunna switch over IRC.
Again.
:P
not everyone goes to the chat
Derpieshy: Ah. I think this is way overkill.
Derpieshy: I think 50 users within 3 months would be optimistic, and you wouldn't need half the network for that.
welp, money already spent
so I'm not too worried
Yeah
It'll be >1000 people I'm sure of anyway.
I was surprised/impressed when I saw 4 IPs show up when I did the DNS lookup
Hello?
>1000 in the IRC
We have 300+ for BMN, and that's nothing compared to S2.
I'll pay for all the servers for another month after this one
Hey.
and if it looks like I'm spending too much money
I'll drop one or two
Yeah. Gotta see how the trend goes.
You gunna get EQD to locate here?
I'm ganna try
Maybe get a few smaller places first, as that'll be easier.
yeah
Then when you've got a fairly large number of people/brony communities here.
gatta build up a reputation
I did post on /www/ on bronychat, wondering how much traffic we get from there
imean ponychan
fffffffffff- I pulled a Seth
lolololol
07again?
07when..?
I'm friends with the guys that do a really popular furry podcast. They're all bronies, and so are most of the listeners, and they all use IRC. I'll have them mention the network.
I'd go here from EqD
Oh wait, they also do a MLP podcast.
This is perfect.
might get better OPs too XD
yeah, we're really understaffed as is
i dont get it
>:D
The Brony Show give us regular mentions, though because they use livestream I don't think they have an IRC.
Which is meh.
Livestream chat. >_>
Ah
I like to use mibbit with streams personally
The guys I know have between 5,000 and 10,000 listeners on one show. Dunno about the other.
...
Their show is not streamed, though, so things like that don't matter.
YOu should be stabbed
It'll at least get more people curious.
dat shoutout
Its a basic pun about a Linguistic technique
Our .net domain's registered now.
Yay.
wherein a word sounds like the sound its describing
Did u look at my application
I senti t
it
Such as bang
bronystate.net?
Or woof
Eeyup
Of Pyew
yay
:o
My CSS theme's pretty basic, I think some of our mods are gunna work on several so that you can have a choice of themes for the site.
I SEE EVERYTHING IS IN WORKING ORDER
We have some pretty awesome graphical designers and web designers. :)
I still havent died once on Dead Island
you do realize that there are languages beside english where things have different names, right?
Im so pro
XD
/me is thinking about purchasing it or not...
I'm so ashamed of this networks site
Its fun
I'm not finished with it yet but
still
my english is quite good... but i dont get the pun
he should still be stabbed
Stabbed with knowledge
07yea.. but I pre-ordered sam BFE + it looks like another left4 cloon
07clone*
I checked it out before connecting.
Well, its not really a shooter
I'm sorry
LOL
07enlighten me ;)
Don't worry about it.
There are guns, but they are very rare, and ammo is very very limited
This is an example update body.
An onomatopoeia is something that is exactly what it sounds like
I played all day yesterday and still havent found one
Dang
I was working on the template before I put php in
07tell me more ;)
its using the definition of the word Onomatopoeia, but making it sound like its a diease
Going to write everything from scratch?
ye
Awesome
Hmm.. Your health doesnt regenerate
i see
There are energy drinks sitting around that you drink to heal yourself, but you cant take them with you
I'm a little rusty with my html though :/
You can craft Medkits, if you have the supplies
I will be HEAVILY CRITICAL of your web design/programming.
/me STARE
Ahh, I just stuck with HTML + CSS, since it's easiest, and I've never made a site before.
I'm used to editing Kusaba X or redoing something I've already done
The combat is very.. Brutal
YOU HAVE BEEN STABBED WITH KNOWLEDGE
From scratch FTW.
I accept payment in all major Currencies of the South East Pacific
07It looks stunning
Brutal as in, gory or difficult?
Both
XD
I still havent died once though
so… fish?
But the zombies can overwhelm you..
I see
The only bad thing about the game is the cutscenes and voice acting
The combat is very fun though. XD
i pay you in karma
07yea the voiceacting was X.X to me
YES!
oh
Karma is good
What is Skrillex?
This is my favorite trailer http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cq4CNlN6NZw
07did you look at Sam BFE? (Best friends ever)
07taking a peek
Havent heard about it
Does it have Coop, RD?
I dont think I can get any more games for now anyway. I have Skyrim and BF3 preordered for PC
I made the front page of http://www.animuchan.org/ from scratch
Yes
4 players
Nice
now you'll have something to bribe them with the next time you encounter the karma police
07so does sam :P
not trying to advertise, promise
I'm working on a post introducing a forum I hang out at to the ponies
Ooh, looks nice.
07I like the vid thanks for linking it
Or a Karma Chameleon
07http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdv1V8ABSco
Np
hours."
This is what I have so far
Err
you don't really have to bribe them, they just sort of come and go
Also looks nice
The graphics are like an old arcade game with high res textures and stuff
It looks fun
I wouldn't have expected a game called Serious Sam to be this haha
Lol
07:D
y thank u
07it's awesome :D
I can't seem to do it again though :c
Yeah it looks very much like a 90's game with upgraded graphics
It kinda works good for a game like that
IRCs are all switched over.
07yep
Refresh the page.
Or close and reopen your browser.
Or whatever.
Again :(
Yes.
Again.
07change irc url?
Refreshing!
irc.bronychat.net
is Pontang still here?
07cheers
07brb
ty
Ohey I
I'm already here
so, has anypony else played tetris attack?
dari, I love how you're super indecisive.
Yay
Not indecisive.
07yay
I just happen to be very unlucky.
07i'm on the interwebz!
It would seem not
:/
Luna
I switch us over from the first server due to constant net splits during BMN.
ohai Luna
This is a dilemma
Prince I sent my application.
Then everything's fine for a while.
07hehe? you want it? :)
that game was my childhood
07you can play with me! :D
Then suddenly our users are capped at 200.
So I switch us over to here.
Eh?
07ohhh not about Sam
Judging by the spam we get on BMN, S2 premiere would likely crash the network.
/me sobs in a corner
Can't have that.
/me pets Luna
So I switch it over again, somewhere more reliable.
Prince did you look at my application?
Wat?
07~yay
Unfortunately it happens that the network wasn't set up for mibbit to work at the time, due to an oversight.
07brb brushing cat
So I had to switch back because we were doing showing the viewers or Hub stream.
>Karma Chameleon
Alright
wtf is tetris attack
and now people are just flushing in
i played tetris
Now I'm switching it back over because it's S2 soon and mibbit will now work on the network.
I'll look into the game!
As I said, I'm not being indecisive.
Im waiting on that S2 picture for today
It's just that shit happens.
Lol
MetalRainbowDash: And no, I'm rather busy at the moment, sorry.
tetris attack was also called...
panel de pon
pokemon puzzle league
a number of other games with "puzzle league" in the title
Also why am I up so early?
:(
idk, ponies?
The puns
you are slaying me with the,
puns?
huh?
/me pops into actual new server
weeee
are you guys from #brony on geekshed?
ok
I hang out in #EquestriaDaily sometimes
"You sense a certain tension"
I think I went to #brony once or twice
Remind me, it's nine more days until season 2, right?
isn't it 8?
8 for me.
Ah
Kay
was just wondering because there was a mass ban on them for advertising other irc networks, was wondering if it was this one
hello
o.o
sooo
QR code on EQD.
idrc, as long as your not like
Anyone got a phone that reads QR codes?
Hey, is Bronystate still in need of people?
what's wrong with the regular IRC networks
COME JOIN NOTHER NETWORK THIS ONE SUCKS
We haven't really advertised on any other IRC networks.
What's a QR code?
Look at EQD's last post.
You'll see.
:P
07yep
this is all secondhand knowledge froma geekshed admin, that's all I know, /shrug
Ah
Random advertisementis not in our policy.
hmm...
We'd rather get users who want to be here to be here.
We're going to build up based on satisfaction.
^ this
The regular IRC networks meaning?
Good plan.
All advertising does is bring people who want to take you down.
Botnets galore.
xD
hey, just as long as you don't me for having a discussion on anon comments on EqD posts, I'm cool with it -.-
Word of mouth is the only way to go.
ban me*
WEll.
the one's that have been around forever, that aren't dedicated for brony-purposes
That was anticlimatic
like quakenet (yeah i guess that one splits a fair bit) etc
If you mean already established large networks.
We're more or less looking to bring the brony community together rather than 'force them'. xD
I'm contemplating whether I should apply to the job...
Anyhoodles, I must away so I can get some lovely sleep happy yummy fun fun times
if i'm not mistaken
I hope I get to be in the Stats
Connection is likely to be slower due to a large number of users connecting all the time, netsplits are quite common on big networks too.
and that is my quote
The people who run the networks are likely not to give a shit about us.
Because that would be awesome
So they won't do much to help us out, or change server configs for us.
Maths time!
Speaking of botnets, do you guys have a BOPM or something similar set up, since Unreal doesn't have that built in? Trolls like to target pony things, so... (This is something else I could supply.)
maths. not even once.
These large networks are likely to be filled with people who would come in and troll.
i see
makes sense
I need to install them on all the servers. Never really got the chance. Waiting for my friend to help me with adding dnsbl, he runs a few that he updates himself.
They are also more likely to have people who would DDoS us or whatever else.
You're going to run per-server BOPMs? Why?
Plus we're probably changing hubs.
Less stress I assume.
I don't get why they say that, I doo math all the time and I'm just fine
Pontang wants to change the hub to a vps rather than an ircd
whats the link to the stats page?
Derpieshy: That sentence makes no sense. You mean VPS rather than shell?
...yeah right sorry
have you tried quitting math again? it's a drug i say!
07oh my... such little cats.. so much furr
Pontang: Barely. You'll just have to run extra software and have many possibly port scan origins.
/me is covered in furr
07brb
Pontang: For a network this size, that seems highly impractical.
Er, rearrange the words on the end of the first message.
I can quit any time I want!
The VPS is cheaper tbh.
;x
/me injects some Pi "Oh yeah, that's the stuff"
that's what they all say...
son, I'm spending $40 a month
morning all
Plus we'd like to switch to services that we know we can get support on.
You should always avoid buying IRCD shells.
They're always crap.
hey CogWeaver
wat
I suspect that's why I got disconnected earlier.
Morning Cog
what would you advice?
How are you doing?
Are you doing awesome? I hope you're doing awesome
VPS or dedicated
They seem cheaper too.
man dedicated servers cost so much
To all, a Goodnight
VPS can run at like $10. Pretty nice tbh
Yeah. VPS is the way to go for a network this size.
I know thrustvps offers $7.95 for VPSes
Be careful of who you buy from. Some VPS providers are worse than shell providers.
Tr
True*
But someone recommended them, said he gets an uptime of 200+ days.
!link
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/10906236/Pony/Special/pony_creator.swf
That's a start.
But with IRC, you want consistent connectivity. Dropped packets are no bueno.
Eh, I know the feeling Luna, my dog is big but he produces his own weight in fur on a weekly basis
There's pretty much never a guarantee for that on any providers.
Granted, I'm not sure about running a whole VPS, don't you have to set up firewalls and stuff?
Yeah.
07AllisZero search on the web for a furminator
07that's what I use for my cats
Well, if you want to be a tech...
xD
Generally, a VPS will come with a very stock system
07it's amazing
I have it, I use it on him on a weekly basis
That's what I do for my company
07ahhh happy with it?
I sit around and play with servers all day.
Still, a LOT of fur
07yes...
Yep, it works great
07my cats love the thing
I spent a good part of last week writing software for centralized firewall control, in fact, since you mention that.
Might have a new job of doing our's as well. :p
:D
I would enjoy that.
My pup!
07oh my!
07a husky!
Yush
D'awwww
xD
07picture of face?
Having a computer that can look like its off with the press of two keys and a button while still being running? great for downloadingstuff over night
^.^
07pretty!
07I like the name
07Sora
It's the eyes
07yes
07want a kitty pic?
Need someone who is good with structure. Very important if we want to offer the best satisfaction.
Structure in what sense?
Well, someone who can keep the servers in order.
I do
I like stuff like that
07one sec ;)
Or when you can boot a computer from sleep mode in a few seconds
i have a dir320 with 500gb usb hdd plugged in
Yes yes
If you're referring to IRC servers, I've kept another network in one piece for almost 4 years (and one server thereof operational for 2+ before that). We've currently got less servers than this network, but we've had up to 7 at a few points in time.
07http://i.imgur.com/t7nYD.jpg
for torrents and vpn
Two hidden hubs, arranged geographically, and three round robins for different parts of the world (and one main one for the uncaring folks).
I see.
That's good.
We're looking for something like that.
:p
07http://i.imgur.com/csAPO.jpg
I noticed you've got a hidden hub right now
eyup
Though everything is kind of hidden since none of the hostnames are real.
deadchat
eh
fluttershy is
Ah
I only tested a few.
You should flatten your map, by the way
But, we are thinking of running Surrealservices. Mainly because we can get support from the dev team.
Actually I mentioned Surreal Services to Kabaka
Ah
How cute
Drinking from the glass haha
Hm
07Well the glass is a "normal"thing
07but I caught him here too..
07http://i.imgur.com/NmW5Q.jpg
More streamlined. Less confusing bloat.
LOL
07crazy cat is crazy
What networks use it?
Yep
07but I love him
I'll give it a look.
07oh yes and i'm a WoW fan
07http://i.imgur.com/Avkr5.jpg
StaticBox, their home network that I referred to earlier, does as well.
Quite a few others do. I can't remember off the top of my head.
Do you play?
07I played but quit recently
07I played ever since the closed vanilla beta
I see
It's a different way of doing things, of course. You can't expect to switch and maintain the same exact habits.
I've been playing since 08, so I still have a bit of gas left to keep going
I think why we like surrealservices so much is because they are really user friendly.
The difference for end-users is negligible.
Cata didn't make me very happy sadly
In what way?
You mean the developers?
Awesomeshy knows, he runs a channel on there.
tbh
07and this is our other cat
07http://img519.imageshack.us/img519/539/presentpoojawj9.jpg
the only thing I really like over anope with surreal services is gidentify
Cute
Lol
I love cats and dogs
What does that do?
I have a cat myself.
Have more experience with dogs however
kills the connection of someone using your nick, registers and changes your nick
07I have more experience with cats.. but I had a goldenretriever before I had to travel 300 km/h per day
So ghost + identify
ye
I guess that's kind of interesting
07Last cat pic :) http://img299.imageshack.us/img299/6118/009zo2.jpg
Have you ever tried them?
I haven't. All I've heard is that they're sillier than Anope, though not quite as horribly coded.
That's a pretty coat
07Pooja = Russian Blue & Onesh is a Nebelung
You should. But as I've said, they're really quite user friendly.
Yep.
I see
I wanna get another dog to keep Sora company
I finally died on Dead Island
07finally!
07lol
Lol
I love the vacation command so it increases your exire time if you are leaving for awhile.
Now that I'm working full time he's lonely
This big "Thug" zombie knocked me off my feet
I was trapped in a building
I tried to run past him XD
> Based on: Anope, Auspice, NeoStats
07I can understand that
I already don't like it
Because thugs are very very slow
lawl
But really strong
Atheme has vacation as well
!s4
I think there's an Anope module for it too
Unfortunately, he hit me
Oh?
Yeah
VACATION extends the expiration time for your
account and nicknames (but not your channels)
to three times the usual value. You can only
do this if your account is registered long
enough.
Taaaaaaank
9_6
lol
I think you may be asking too much of Derpy
inb4 s4 is announced, and it's full of Trixie
hmm i wonder... lets say there will be quite many more seasons... would you want for the characters to age or to stay the same
!s3
I need 1.21 gigamuffins to find that out for you.
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps mook
No. I don't think there's a module for it either. Why are so many separate modes necessary?
it would be kind of funny if we made 1,210,000,000 muffins to figure out when S3 starts
That does make me wonder how many seasons will MLP:FiM still get
Something like that
I like the structure of it I suppose. But tbh, I'm really used to it.
Every time they hit you it sends you flying back
Lol
and again i am ignored
all the seasons
I used to be, too. Like I said, almost 8 years of Unreal
07sounds like a tank, yes
Honestly I just have to run if I dont have my fury or some sort of explosive ready
well i would like them to age and evolve... i hate every tv show where there is never progress
You get finer control of who can do what using flags
like the simpsons
And Iks, in shows like these the tendency is that they never really age
07hehe yes, that might be the best choice
in Venture Brothers they age
never seen that show
Ah
And there's still +o and +v for channels. But then you get things like +q for quiet (works like +b so you can quiet by hostmask)
and...I think that's the only one
Yeah, there are exceptions
Well, it's all up to Awesomeshy really. It's his network.
But slice of life style of shows can go on as long as they want to keep churning them out
Because you're on the wrong network.
Yeah.
I do have a few questions
also I love how you always say that
I'll want to help out whichever direction you decide to go. I'm just giving my advice based on my experiences throughout the years, and how much I trust the Atheme devs
:I
well i would like the CMC to get older... or do you want them to be blankflanks forever
imma back
WAZAAAA?
Well Awesomeshy, I'm not going to be on forever. You're going to have to make the decisions. xD
Blankflanks forever!
noooo
Story of the blanks D:
It will probably be tha last season or something when they do get their cutie marks
Haro
can we switch out from unreal to charydbis without enraging a bunch of people
MFW people cry because of this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wujiEeZje_M&feature=player_embedded
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "PMV - When She Loved Me [ Celestia + Luna ]" - "OKAY I&#39;M DONE WITH THIS. Any more editing and it will probably end up as just a still shot of baby Woona for the whole thing. As it is I think it&#39;s probably ..."
All right then.
> Mfw im stranded on top of a stack of barrels with a thug trying to get me
well they could make it a cliffhanger for season 3
MOVIN' OUT :)
I'm guessing you're referring to the bunch in #bronystate, since the rest of the network appears empty
True, if we want other channels to join, most of them are probably used to using Unreal.
like last episode they will get em but we wont be seeing them until season 3
lol yeah
nono
Well
Pontang: that's not what I meant
I ment
going down
Ah
well we all know what their talents are anyway
/me cries
If you do things right, the actual downtime could be kept to less than ten seconds.
cool
07it..it...works
Yep
I'm not gonna get watery-eyed at work am I
Lots of DNS juggling and careful testing is required for that sort of trick, but it can be done.
07yes...
baaaack
Alright, watch later it is
Well, if this can provide the best possible service for the users. I'm down with it.
07i'll add it to our playlist :P
as long as we get rid of anope
All right, I'm here
:v
;o
07~yay
(yay~)
ninja'd
> as long as we get rid of anope
07^
Anyway, we're going to slowly move to VPS anyway.
I like that attitude.
hehehe
Does it have alfalfa monster?
That's definitely a good idea.
When are you planning to do this?
Because today, and tomorrow are bad.
not today or tomorrow
Probably not that time frame.
:p
And any time anywhere near the S2 premiere are very bad.
07omg!
We'll do it as slowly as possible.
07it happened!
Or any Friday/Saturday.
it'll probably be a little sooner than next month
xD
what?
07http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubmM0L2oZAg&feature=BFa&list=FLIdm9GNQhrYVg4bI_vGZ8hw&lf=BFp
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "[MLP:FiM] Ponies Make You Feel Good" - "I thought there was a lack of PMVs on YouTube, so I made one."
for the uh
vps's
Well, I'll buy the VPS soon, so we can set that up with the future of the network in mind.
Watching that will have to wait, still listening to Dari's link.
07hehe sure
and keep your pockets a little less shallow I presume
3;
VPSes seem cheaper than actual shells.
>.>;
Why does that make people cry...?
O_o
Hell, you can buy a VPS from france for like $7
07it made me cry
Manly Tears.
07so it just does...!
Meh.
Linode and RapidXen are my recommendations for this kind of thing.
Scootaloo's cutie mark will be a chicken
oh noes
:c Linode looked kind of expensive
Things like that don't work for me.
"You get what you pay for" applies to hosting
That said, my offer for a free node is still up.
Aaah, isnt it amazing how I percieve music differntly when i' drunk+ XD
Tennant's last episode didn't even make me cry, so I doubt there's anything on the internet that can.
O god what ht efuck is wrong with my speellling
AHahahahhaa
+ I posted in the wrong chat <3
hi EqD
Rapidxen has something for $7.95
Maeni
I know the guy that owns it
Er, well, I guess not anymore. He quit
But!
Hi rets ;3
Wait
Let me get a song
I'm more drunk than I thought
yay
They're incredibly reliable. They've got tons of bandwidth available, so connectivity is never interrupted.
I' listening to pogo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVxe5NIABsI Got I fucking love everything he makes
I see
Nope.
They host some big companies that require real-time responsiveness. It's almost surprising they have anything that cheap.
the $15 ones
You totally should.
They're located in Los Angeles?
Ahoy
Here you go Maeni
Hmm
? :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5E41qz1FciU
What, you think it could make me cry?
GrimGallop: Hey.
Listening
It's not music but it should trip your mind into infinity while drunk.
That's not close to Europe.
xD
[can i disconnect bronyserv.co.cc now?]
Sure.
RapidXen?
Yes
Hahhahaha oh, bugs? xD
They're in LA, Chicago, and Germany
Oh god that face
Keep watching
That's cool
http://rapidxen.com/plans
Bye bye old server
Germany is pretty close to Europe :-P
Lmao
What the absolute ffuuuuuuuck
Didn't see that one.
xD
But I like the Chicago one. What better way to have the hub but in the heartland?
;o
Yeah
Chicago is the best location they have, honestly.
yay Chicago's in my time zone
Well
Told 'ya
So, I assume that atheme doesn't eat much RAM?
Yup XDD still watching
Good god, their faces
I dunno, QuadraNet has been sucking a lot less in the last few years, so LA is also not bad.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XeNUO2mg_vE if you want to trip on sounds :P
You can keep watching that guy's vids for complete mindfuckery.
I might buy from all three locations.
Let me see how the Athemes and Anopes are doing on one of my machines...
Mass efect seems like it's full of all kinds of up-fuckery...
Why dont I know more about this game? o.O
Direct intervention is necessary! *dances*
THIS IS TRUE POWER
Okay, that's a terrible comparison. Hang on while I find a nice big set of graphs the Atheme guys made
lol
>.>
http://j.mp/pX1Zlt
Mass Effect is awesome.
:0
Of course, I think our biggest issue would be that to get channels from other networks to join, they probably use the unreal/anope setup. I fear they wouldn't want change.
Lots of graphs, and then some chatter about what they mean
That's a very valid concern. Maybe it would be pertinent to speak to the channel owners before doing anything.
Why still no Fallout Equestria chapter 39? xP
It really is
it's not like
we're doing this any time soon
Damnit, does this mean it's another game I should play?
Yeah
Of course
Still planning to switch to VPSes soon.
ME1 is even buggier
12 particles of matter, four forces of nature! that's a wonderful and significant story!
Hello all
So you can play BOTH
Hai o/
how about
we do the switch when we swap out the servers
\o
But, I think before we change, we should wait and do this if we become 'The Brony IRC network'.
It seems more sensible to not have a large network change software once it becomes big.
oh yeah we're getting rid of anope
after seeing this graph
True
that's gatta go
Awesomeshy: LOL
imean
That's actually old, too. Atheme has been further optimized since then.
Neither of the ME games were very buggy...
I'm just curious what it would do when it comes to growing the network.
holy shit that's really bad on anopes end
well goodnight! i'm going to sleep
Awesomeshy: Yeah. I don't think they optimize their code at all.
Goodnight MeteorVenture
05time to youtube untill dinner
05good night MeteorVenture
The main Atheme dev has a masters in computational mathematics. He'll break out the profiler and nail everything down as small as it will go without making the code unmaintainable.
I came here to ask the site to proceed to stream the Season 2 Premiere when it comes. How do I do that?
Night MeteorVenture
Though I think all that stuff was written a long time ago, aside from the burst stuff.
i don't think you have to ask :D
It's right here sir
Oh. I thought they were only going to do it if enough people visited and asked them.
Hence, my being here.
07Well.. we will stream Season 2 as soon as it airs ;)
Nope, we had over 200 people last night for the test
Ah.
<3
still
In that case, I'm sorry to have insulted you with my presence.
But thank you for this.
ahahahhahah
I don't have access to Hub.
07no worries
Insulted us with yourp presence?
don't worry RyanRodriguez
Yes.
you are welcome
07We love to have you around ;)
We like people to come here and have fun. :)
how would anthem work out with unreal until we switch servers?
Well, if we go with atheme, could it be made more 'anope user' friendly?
I appreciate that...
07don't forget tonight is our Movie Night :)
But I'm not really well-liked in the Brony community.
Pontang: Definitely. Almost all the commands are the same, and what isn't can be aliased.
07how so?
Whyever not?
Yeah
I wrote a fanfiction that I intended to be funny.
Well, it should work out if that's the case.
Pontang: Even the weird VOP/HOP/AOP/SOP thing can be duplicated, though eventually everyone will move to flags anyway
I actually don't think I've seen any commands that were at all confusing.
Meh, I don't read fanfics anyway.
Though my Indonesians practically died.
So I wouldn't know.
Some people hate change. xD
I'd say "induring cupcakes" but that'd be rude
Yeah. That's for sure.
Apparently, readers interpreted it as a depraved, immature vomit puddle.
I wouldn't have suggested anything if this network were larger.
Better to keep progression as small as possible. Work your way into it.
Indeed.
Why would "Enduring Cupcakes" be a rude statement?
Induring :P
and ohay ponies
07Lo RobotPinkie
07how you feel today?
But the goal is to create a themed pony network as Rizon is to anime or freenode is to open sourced software.
Though my network made the leap in one swift move.
Rizon :-(
You'll have to DDOS your competition if you want to be like them
But I know what you mean.
Ohhai RobotPinkie.
I know what you mean.
:p
07Well we love everypony :)
And yes they were, Nashy.
There's a need for a pony network right now.
07So your welcome to stay around, as much as you like
True
ohay, so the new servers are working nao?
I wanted to make it mine, but the theme of the network always causes controversy.
07We switched again, yes
xD
When you mentioned tonight's a "Movie Night", what do you mean?
lol kinda crashed while heading out, though i'm fine now
Well, we might have competition. But it's best if we take the apple route and just offer something easy and have staff that will help you regardless.
:o
Tonight isn't just a movie night, it's like... THE movie night, almost.
there's already another server
07RyanRodriguez take a peek here: http://www.bronystate.co.cc/
There are several pony IRC networks out there right now.
07You can see tonight's line-up
Or www.bronystate.net :P
I think that's the one that went advertising as Colgate said.
really?
Three, I believe, including this one.
07or bronystate.net yes!
huh
It's to be expected.
Try not to take it personal, of course
Ah.
We'll just have to be bolder.
;o
Yes.
I'm not sure I'll be around tonight :C
me neither :\
07Well, maybe saturday is another option ;)
Once a few exiting communities pick up on this network as their place for chat, a position is secured.
Go the extra mile for the users would be the best bet.
eeeeyup!
Yup! :3
Yep.
That was not my experience, but YMMV
these are like... two movies you can't refuse
Though that's kind of a brony trait, already. The other networks will have the same idea.
07true that!
and ponies on top of that, holy crap
hey i noticed the new buttons in /theatre/
True.
They're all young and small, and there's lots of potential traffic. The time to strike is now!
(I need to calm down)
but the pop-up window isn't working
Well, we're going to need some PR guys.
;p
Yeah, definitely.
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6xmVO7qjupw
The buttons work fine. :P
07Might be a browser issue, which one are you using?
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Huh. "Of Two Minds", chapter 7.
Twilight told me this video is about Mass Effect 05 bonus
The Great and Powerful Trixie vs Gilda.
uhm
the buttons open a new tab
Thank you again for your hospitality and the Stream, and for putting up with me. I look forward to the Season 2 Premiere.
empty
Bye.
07your welcome
07see you soon!
We're going to try to get the website up as soon as possible. If I get three servers, we'll have 6 leafs to work with.
Just tested al lthe popouts.
They all work.
What browser are you on?
Firefox 6.0.2
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wujiEeZje_M
this was posted in #bronystate a while ago
thought I'd share
As long as their geographically diverse, more servers is always good.
Exactly.
Awesomeshy: That's good stuff. MANLY TEARS.
hax
At the moment, we have servers in LA, Chicago, and Paris?
Could somepony kick Natleyn? -sigh-
the error console says:
And Montana
>.>
>tears
popUp is not defined
no tears, just a touched heart
The Montana one is weird.
Ahaha, Montana
javascript:popUP(' [..] ')
Line 1
That's on one of those shell hosts isn't it?
Yeah
;3
Just wait till it disconnects.
If you mean that clicking "open in new tab" doesn't work, then yes, that's the intended behavior, Turgle
all of the servers right now are on shell hosts
nope, i just click on the link
u.u
and it opens a new empty tab
That's weird
wait
ctrl+F5
I'm hoping to get VPSes from LA, Texas/Florida, Chicago, one of the east coast, Canada, and two from Europe (One in the UK and one on the mainland).
Awesomeshy: Ah. I looked at who was providing them, and some looked like they could have been on VPSes.
same
no changes :\
Awesomeshy: I suppose I should have picked up on that after all this chat.
What are you doing? o-o
Kabaka: where is this node you offer from?
Pontang: That sounds like a good, standard plan.
Pontang: Let me check where is best
pressing buttons
I got pinkiepie, rainbowdash and uh
Next Dead Island quest.. Difficul;ty very hard..; http://www.ponychan.net/chan/meta/src/131231283447.gif
:| anotherpony not fluttershy
at xzibition.com
but with chrome it works
twilightsparkle you ass.
>=O
oh
right
her
u mad?
I did a hard quest w/o dying yesterday.
How can you forget the nerd? T~T
Pontang: Looks like I have a box in Panama that's been running at like 1% capacity for the last 2 years. 100 megabits, almost perfect uptime, disreputable but technically reliable data center.
But those damn thug zombies...
Turgle: Might be because firefox derps with the type of popup I'm using, give me a sec to change it.
Or Panama as in Florida.
xD
I could maybe put it on one of my shared web hosting machines, but I'd rather not. At least until I get more rack space for the stack of machines in my office.
yes, don't worry, take your time
Ok, I worked out how to fix it.
well that's latest Firefox, so most likely a lot of people are using it.
Well, if we can find cheap/reliable VPSes, we should be able to get the servers from above locations for cheap.
07<< chrome
/me brohoofs Luna
<- Chrome too
If you ctrl + F5 on the theatre page on .net it should work now.
works
See? Mass Effect isn't stable, it crashes if you spawn a tank in the citidel, kill Captain Anderson and try to talk to his disembodied ghost
<3
dat brazil
Pontang: Infolink. Do a traceroute to vm3.vacantminded.com if you want to see where it is. :|
thanks
No problem, I'll just update it on the .co.cc site now.
damn!
It's hard not to forget.
;x
Is zis ze HQ of ze herd?
EqD?
Hm... Yeah.
Well
Like I said, I'm about to get new boxes installed somewhere.
It's pretty much the largest pony HQ/blog/news thing.
Some could argue that Ponychan actually is
<< Chrome user as well
Zen... zis is my place
They were supposed to go to QuadraNet, but my contact there is now gone and my good price went away.
Yeah, I use chrome.
Anyway, all fixed now.
So I can't decide if I want to put them elsewhere, or just bit the bullet and pay more.
using chrome
I mainly use chrome, but I have a bunch more.
ye kno. its just akward when ze mlp:fim haz rule 34
Ah
I just wish chrome had a tab manager like Firefox's mosaic
I'm still and FF user, but I'm not a fan of the newer versions.
I'd offer something in a more central location, but my paying customers come first. :-\
*an
New post on Equestria Daily by Phoe: Story: The Light in the Darkness (http://tinyurl.com/3ndftbd)
FF5 copied Opera with it's layout.
how much are your rates?
It's fine.
And it still hogs memory like hell.
Well, I haven't checked that.
once Chrome is finished, I'll use that...
hey guys why pony time begin
Awesomeshy: Honestly, if someone were to order space for an IRC network, I'd put them in Panama until I install these new boxes.
/me wishes the RSS feed for Equestria Daily would update when stories update.
what pony time?
my litte pony
FriendShipping..?
Epic Pony time
Dari updates when EqD updates?
!s2
Season 2 begins in 7d:20h:57m:58s
XD
Yeah I do.
I may have these machines installed before the month is up, so it might work out anyway.
But anyway, if I buy 3, and Awesomeshy buys 4, we're in good shape.
But it's not set to do that here yet.
I'll set it up, sec.
[17:02] New EQD Post: Story: The Light in the Darkness
As long as you've got at least 3 nodes that aren't on cheap shell providers, I think it's all great.
Still posting in the old server.
my litte pony break all life
Ahh.
Oh my
Well, VPSes obv.
I'm buying those three from rapidxen (Probably)
mrponinatro
Yeah I know. :/
Seriously?
yes
?
are you like ponies
Awesome
AUuuhgg only seven days to complete my fic
wait
I am like a pony, yes
We can set those up with the new network in mind.
;p
you're buying three servers?
I am too.
are you like my litte ponys
They $8/piece, yeah
;o
I'm your little pony, yes
I am nothing like your little ponies.
oh... k
Actually
I'm a box.
/me I'm not complaining
Not a pony.
Shut up Rets.
A box?!
yup
my litte pony is movie
What a twist
Need to find other VPS sites that offer reasonably priced servers from the locations we need.
http://tinyurl.com/3g5xa98
what kind of box?
Awesomeshy: Lul
that kind of box
XBox!
wait, are the old servers even still running? irc.bronyserv.co.cc?
That's a very nice box
Solid marble, magically enhanced, and 99% sentient.
I love how
I don't understand why anyone would pay that much money
yep
but sad, you're a box D:
I like the fic in which Seth is a box and shipped with Trixie
anyone wanna cry?
I'm here I'm having to pay ~$40 a month
$24/month? :D
And for the record
I WAS A BOX BEFORE SETH >:l
Iks: If you would like to cry, go ahead.
Old server is still up so I can redirect people trying to join the wrong place.
no i am asking you
Well, if we can get VPSes as cheap as $10 or less, you might get off with less.
/me totally wasn't one of those people
<.< >.>
I'm not feeling that bad, beside having this flu
oh, weird... i tried to connect a few minutes ago and it didn't work. now it does.
No.
So I don't think I'd like to cry
I am happy, but bored.
if you look at my litte pony anymore so you can not ever watch the cessation
ok then i wont link it
blablablabl
http://www.tyea.com
!away
yeah
Link it anyway
What's cessation?
Three RapidXen VPSes would probably be enough for the next year of this network. If usage trends that way, it would make sense to phase out any other nodes until they're needed.
the end
But I think we already talked about that.
you look FOREVERR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
no
True, but to offer other channels the best support. Saying we have 7 servers is better than saying we have 3.
And only two considering one is a hub.
saico
so what IRC server are we supposed to connect to now?
this
shaico
unless other changes
We need to be bold.
Tricycle Sprinkle?
I suppose. Though one of the rules of hosting is that you purchase to match your peak capacity needs.
No, the address, I mean.
I guess that's fair.
I'm thinking
It certainly won't hurt anything.
I'm paying for 4 servers right now
Yes, friend?
irc.bronychat.net
all of them about $12 each
English doesn't seem to be one of his stronger languages, I assume
/6667
Thanks
are you alvie
Twine Spatter?
if I should get 2 linode servers
mcponinator
Hmm
McPoniator
That sounds fancy
ok then... http://wimp.com/alwaysfamily/ if you at least dont get choked up a bit you have no soul
mrponinator
!moon
Grab my tail, Laps|down!
AWAY~
Well, we might be able to find cheaper VPSes.
u_u
Yes, User_3880?
Cheaper ≠ better
yeah
also
Obviously
Well
how many users can we fit on 512MB ram
Cheaper == worse
have you ever wanted to roof my litte pony
http://img252.imageshack.us/img252/9123/1298189843774.jpg
That will vary. Quite a few more than you think.
Should someone add the "You are in the right place to the topic header"?
Excuse me, but what is that supposed to even mean?
nohgtig
But where are linode's servers located?
:C:C
Right place for now.
----dd-
They've got many locations
Ooooookay
Uh
Ah
London, GB, UK
Newark, NJ, USA
;D
I dunno either, Poniator.
Atlanta, GA, USA
Dallas, TX, USA
Fremont, CA, USA
Atlanta filters 6667, I believe.
would 2 of the $20 servers hold up with 3k users?
>implying something will go horribly wrong twice in two days
poninator
Where does the extra "n" keep popping up from?
That would be tight.
I suppose if I get those three, it covers Midland, West Coast, and Europe.
So Newark and Dallas perhaps?
what
O.o Blueblood is roped into helping Ditzy Doo navigate Ponyville to deliver letters.
6hallo everypony
It's just "Variator", ponified
yeah, I like the dallas idea
Hi Violet
:v
ohay VioletVanilla!
heloo
Would give us a server on the four corners and one in Euro land
mrponinator
Yeah?
2,14 Dari, have I been added to your infernal script yet?
That seems reasonable.
Ages ago.
2,14 oh yey, no warning!
look this http://www.youtube.com/user/PIFTSdotexe#p/u/3/YdZa2phzWe8
2,14 :D
I'll actually be saving a little money by doing this
Use the Dallas Linode as a US hub?
Probably Chicago.
But if it works better, sur.
Pony Thread Simulator v2.0?
sure*
yes
brb
Seen it ages ago
I guess it would be a good idea to use a linode server as the hub, everyone keeps telling me they're where I should go for htis
this*
yay
Between the two, it's kind of a tossup.
oh look, another one of them colored fellers
mrponinator
probably not the best thing to link
Yeah?
Neither one is going to go down or have connectivity problems.
FOREVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
trololo, RobotPinkie
Forever what?
:P
my little pony friendship is magic
imo specs wise, the linode servers are a better deal
Yep?
6it is good to see all of you here
even if the others are cheaper
User_3880, I sense a troll in you.
And honestly, why do I always start talking with fellows when I'm not even sure what they're trying to say
If I keep sensing that a little more...
good to see you too, VioletVanilla
They've currently got more purchasing power, so that's unavoidable.
how much resources do you need for a hub in contrast to a leaf?
It's like in movies how they ask "Do you speak English" and still keep talking in English
Hi RP
Even though the person they're talking to doesn't understand any of it
I'm sorry btw, this is my first rodeo with irc network administration
All My Little Pony Friendship is Magic look at what it will be forever in you mrponinator
It's all gouda.
ohay AllisZero
You'll want about the same for hubs and leaves, really. Some people will disagree, but they're just splitting hairs.
I'm definately willing to learn
And level of sense that made is nonexistent
actually wanting to
Theoretically, the leaves have to talk to many more clients at once, so they have to send and receive more data.
Hubs see every message once as they pass it on. For large channels, a leaf will have to send that message to many users.
But bandwidth is going to be abundant with these hosts.
mrponinator
I'm more worried about capping out memory
/me pretends he doesn't hear anything
who say forever pinkie pie or appeljack
oh really
!link forever
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/22977
Thanks
Oh, hello VioletVanilla, RobotPinkie
Hi everypony
Flutteryay too
How's that related to fore-...Oh, the artist is muffinsforever
For medium networks, the usual target is 75 to 100 users per client server. For the big guys, they'll vary a lot. I've seen as many as 3,000 on a single machine. It's real nasty when one of those splits or goes offline.
s/medium/small/
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Most of the 500-5,000 user networks I see aim for around 100-250 users per node.
This goes back to buying for your peak capacity, though.
!moon User_3880
Grab my tail, User_3880!
OK so I'm composing music in MuseScore (it's the only sheet music composition program available for Macs that I'm aware of) and among its myriad of problems is the fact that... you can't tie chords\\
Thank you
._.
no kick me
are you suuuuure?
hah
If you have 500,000 people online, you'll want to get a bunch of really huge dedicated servers, not 100,000 small VPS machines.
fuuu my /kick is borked.
Not in MuseScore
._.
oh fun
When you try to it deletes the other notes in the chord
double kick
eh, ill fix it later
troll-or-so-level: 0/10
Ponyfan, you are dense.
Mooooooooorning everypony!
well that's pretty unusual for a score program
moornig
/me is slow on the kick
Eeyup
Guys!
?
If we're planning for 1,000 users in the near future, I'd say we go for four second-tier VPSes. That's 250 users per server, assuming there's also a hidden hub.
Guess who got a new mic :D
woo!
512 MB could hold that.
guess who was about to sleep?
Is that mic any good?
/me pouts
Frustrating
you should try something else
The mic is good, yes. When using Ustream the level monitors meter actually registers it.
There would probably still be some breathing room, too.
like fruity loops, or better, reason
Flutteryay
It's really hard to say without knowing how fast we'll grow
6Try getting Finale Notepad
I'm rambling. Sorry.
very helpful rambling
6It works on Mac and is a free program for scoring music. I have used it for many musical projects.
Hmm... well, my music theory teacher did make a passing reference to it but she uses MuseScore
lol
Although
6http://www.finalemusic.com/NotePad/Demo.aspx
I shall check it out
thanks
I don't have time to stream right now
:p
Will do later tonight
6What are you going for dearie? In school I mean
What'cha gonna stream?
yay, ill be at work all night -.-
I'm majoring in music technology
:O
awesome
/me pat pats Octavia.
6Fantastic! What instrument?
The focus is on using a computer.
So GarageBand, Logic Pro...
6Well, yes I understand that. . .
Guitar for me.
There's a ton of Bronies at my university
Hmm
who talk me'
ahahah really?
6but the Uni I go to, where I am majoring in Piano Performance/Composition, you must have a main instrument
Yeah
xD
Thinking of ways how to insert some MLP related messages to a game I'm doing
6that is interesting to hear, glad we have another music brony :3
I'm hardly an expert on IRC capacity planning.
Eeyup
Daniel Ingram is such an inspiration to me
:3
he's good
My network hit 500-1000 users a few years ago when we were linked with a much larger group.
But it's been 300 users the rest of its life.
Eeeeeeyup
So I'm pretty much just guessing based on general knowledge of service hosting. :-\
Argh, EqD still has the old address.
I guess what I have two computers an look my little pony friendship is magic movie
>movie
yes
And yeah, isn't that like avoiding kicks, User_3880?
no
Care to say what's your native language?
6Daniel Ingram and many others I presume!
im use google translator
an im from finland
Jaaha, miksi käyttää noin surkeaa kääntäjää?
hä
ah, college food
Ei se google translate osaa kääntää Suomesta mihinkään kieleen järkevästi
hääh
mitä
Sitäpä sitä
ottko suomalainen
Juu, perisyntyinen suomalainen
Yeah
Lets keep the chat in english please.
Yeah, sorry
jaa
#EqD.Suomi
Haha
senkö takia luulin sua englatilaseks
Tulos tuonne väliaikaisesti
I should get some food. It's my time for dinner.
6What other ponies do you like?
joo
It's lunch time here
Good morning.
mrponinator
Amazing how things spiral out of control
Most people here would probably agree with you. I don't operate on a normal schedule, though: http://kylej.name/i/1r244s.png
So easily luls
Kirjoita /join #EqD.Suomi, jos et ole tottunut IRC chatteihin tai jotain. Koitetaan pitää tämä chatti englanninkielisenä, ja en oikein google translaten tason englannilla suosittelisi jutteleen täällä
Dave Mustaine, Shiro Sagisu, Taku Iwasaki, Yoko Kanno...
Gonna stop talking in Finnish on this channel now
A ton of metal and anime
what time zone are you in?
CST (GMT-5 currently)
oh
so you're just an hour behind me
or ahead
Fri Sep 9 11:39:02 CDT 2011
wat
neither
wat wat
same time
GMT-6
do I fail to understand time zones
Daylight saving time
fffffffffffffffffffffffff-
That's why I said "currently"
chat is so empty compared to yesterday D:
that always trips me up
6Yoko Kanno was my inspiration to take my secondary instrument, double bass, and learn it.
TONIGHT we watch movies :3
:c
Yeah
Dave Mustaine is a brony? Is this rumor?
It's dumb.
I try to use UTC wherever possible.
u_u
Awesome
Also, I tried extra hard to confuse you by saying CST instead of CDT
xD
ahuauha
oh u
Turgle, are you BR?
I'm actually kind of afraid to find out Mr. Mustaine's opinions on Bronies
<Kabaka> If we're planning for 1,000 users in the near future, I'd say we go for four second-tier VPSes. That's 250 users per server, assuming there's also a hidden hub. <--- Well, 5 leafs if you include your's. But that's up to you. :p
maybe he is in this chatroom right now
Timezones would be simple if everyone stuck to GMT ± a number.
BR?
You do tracerouting before you link servers right?
If you don't know then no, it was just coincidence lol
That's often a good idea, yes.
wat
Yeah
:p
TELL ME
pleeeeease
lol Mustaine is nuts, no offence
6Uh oh. . .
Mustaine?
Who's he?
I love Megadeth, though
BR is the way brazillians call themselves online
Got an interesting month ahead.
/me sees Religion on the screen
That laugh is very notoriously known for it
Hopefully we can get the website fully operational and whatnot.
OH
no i'm italian :D
(I know 'cause I'm one of them, just living in the states)
:D
Also, need to find some PR guys in the future.
That'll be interesting.
lol VioletVanilla trying to get a fight going :P
Yeah.
Also need a TOS of some kind.
Yeah
6oh no i am not. . .
I'm reluctant if we should allow DCC stuff. Well, for MLP and ish (Not warez obv)
if Bruce Dickinson wants more cowbell, I think we should give him more cowbell
Top priority should be a favicon for the site, though. It's totally screwing up my textless bookmarks bar.
6i have my own beliefs and stand by them, but if it is in a chatroom. . . .~.
6END OF LINE
EOF
does anyone even use DCC?
I never have
I use it for managing my bots, but that's it.
Use it quite a bit on rizon. ;3
Easy for you, Violet, you are a mod.
Rizon :-(
lol Kabaka
6What does that mean?
I do what I can to distance myself from Rizon users.
2,14 shhhhh....don't tell them about our super special rings that grant us super-human powers
I really don't go there tbh.
I know people on there.
did you have a bad experience?
That's it.
6. . .
oh my xD
/me hugs ValtheJean
What ValtheJean said
Why of course.
I've always been on small 200-300 user networks.
Ramenshy: Not directly. But their reputation is well-earned.
I just realized that I wore my nightshirt to school XD
6^.~ Our little secret~
Good thing they're like my day shirts.
Who knows what kinds of power you have...
please explain, I've never cared about rizon to hear anything about them
2,14 lol, what did you think we all did after streams? have tea parties. Nah dawg, we're defending the multiverse from the evil forces of SHEISE'GURLAKKAKAMUG
You walk among us mortals...
I hate mornings. Can't function in the morning.
Luckily it's evening.
no, but this sounds like something you could write novels about
Ramenshy: Since apparently not, here's the appropriate (and brief) section of a Wikipedia article on them: http://j.mp/p5WCKs
Yep
That is so last week
IRC isn't worth that sort of thing.
Hardly any money to be made. xD
This week the stars finally align, and he who is not dead but sleeping awakens from his slumber
hahaha oh wow
Oho, a new chapter of Hoennshy
who cares that much
Yeah
that they'd do that
Scratch that, no money.
It's a money waster.
xD
> Downey faced up to 24 months in prison and a fine of up to $40,000.
Yeah, that's pretty much terrible.
Then the world as we know it ends, most of the human race is eaten and the rest of us are made into slaves.
Pinkie Pie and Rainbow Dash broke the game.
wow
just wow
I don't think anyone has made a way to make cash though IRC.
Well
Not the ones who run the networks.
The providers maybe.
Anything important being discussed or can I kind of hijack the chat with something?
Hosting IRC is tricky.
Nothin' important right now.
Nah, nothing going on here right now
You gotta be big enough to swallow the inevitable DDOS attacks or you'll just get squashed off the Internet
Ok so have any of the younger bronies out there met opposition from their parents?
remember, we are gonna tolerate and love the shit outta you
Exactly
Hmm
Quite a few datacenters completely disallow anything even indirectly related to IRC because of that.
Who are young here anyway
x_x
I don't love and tolerate everyone :P
Then there's the guys like Staminus that are full of dirty networks, so they are constantly eating 500 gigabits of UDP
(hint: don't buy Staminus servers)
This world is made of. . .LOVE AND PEACE! <insert Vash pose>
i love & tolerate just bronies
:p
Well I'm in high school but my parents are SERIOUSLY opposed to ponies...
but arguing online tends to be stupid, so...
oh man, I need to watch Trigun again...
Freenode servers get hammered 24/7
Punch them in the snout to establish superiority
fuck that, Pinkie Pie does what she wants!
that was an awesome show
I'm pretty sure if I said anything about ponies to my mother, she'd go all "d'aaawww" or something
My dad, hmm, not sure
I think with the 5 servers we buy + whatever you offer, we should be fine for what we need.
Apparently when you're in the process of joining, they tell you to be ready to accept 2 to 8 gigabits of attack at all times.
Though, he already knows I've some unconventional tastes
I think so too
u_u
Isn't that supposed to be the brony mentality. Love and Tolerate?
2,14 depends on the brony
The network will undoubtedly change and adapt as time goes on.
Initial stability is key, though.
2,14 initially, that was just an anti-troll measure
Vash the Stampede would definitely be a brony.
Might get one in Canada and the UK, but otherwise, we should really support most of what we want.
Yeah
2,14 since then, it has evolved into a mantra that some bronies accept, others dont
Well to put into perspective, my parents had a "talk" with me around midnight about how it was childish and I should stop.
It's nicer to be nicer even when all are not nice.
I like to quote one fellow from a talkshow "Uutisvuoto"
"An adult who refuses to play is being childish"
It's nice to give people the benefit of the doubt
force them to watch the entire season and i dare them to not lose it when twi introduces herself to fluttershy
Showing the show doesn't solve it every time, to be honest
LOL
My dad says he's read some stuff on it and it's a really bad thing to be into. I think my parents are afraid that every brony is a pedophile and that i'll become one too. i know for a fact both of those are false.
i prefer the c.s. lewis quote
If they're too fixated on the "childish" aspect, it's not as simple as that
^
The CS Lewis quote it king.
is*
"When I became a man, I put away childish things, such as the fear of appearing childish."
I'll be nice to Manson and decline the offer and nicely notify the authorities.
That's a good one too
I need to play Read Dead Redemption again....
My parents aren't bothered that I like MLP.
They say it isn't normal and it's going to isolate me from my friends.
Never did take 100% :(
I have been contemplating of playing that game through again as well.
It's really brilliant
My mum even came back from shopping and told me they had ponies at Tesco the other day.
it...it encourages friendship though
My parents give me a hard time, but only in jest.
Hah, my dad jokes around with me.
one of my favorite games of all time, most likely
"Ponies, and porn, I bet you'd like that, sexy ponies? My little porn!"
I know, right?
porny*
My dad's pretty funny.
The ending to it was just... amazing. Like not just the ending, but the 15 or so missions leading up to it
I think not even FiM would make me tolerate everyone.
We joke a lot anyway.
man I got a C# project to work on
why haven't I done it yet
he sounds cool
not gonna spoil it though, lolz
^
tolerate everyone is impossible
Kabaka: does rapidxen allow for prepaid credit cards?
I wish my parents joked around with me... It was scary how serious my parents were being with me... Any suggestions?
That's when you start sweating awkwardly and hoping that you didn't forget to use incognito or clear your history.
It's just shame that I have bunch of other games waiting to be finished.
I loved RDR.
But the PoP games are probably my favourites.
Or Spyro 1/2/3.
They don't make games that good any more. ;___;
Lol @ MPR|
I love the PoP games, too
aaaaaah, back in my days
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Makkon Interview (http://tinyurl.com/3kactfz)
Turgle Of course it is. But I see it as when ever I get into the argument I never let other side get under my skin and will keep my cool
and I dunno...
Half-Life
1
Pontang: I believe so. As long as it works like a credit card, they probably don't care.
Any suggestions?
It just pains me to see that the only people doing fun puzzle platformers anymore are Nintendo
Howdy
why no new Banjo Kazooie or Mario 64 clones? it boggles the mind...
Define platformer...
Yeah
I had issues with my card last time.
I dunno what to say really, because it depends on who you're trying to convince. There's not just one standard thing that will work will all problems with parents/family/friends.
I know what I'd do.
It kept rejecting it for some reaosn.
But that might not work out for you.
reason*
Huh. Annoying.
I have A TON of unfinished games dating back years since purchase.
2,14 why clone them when you can just re-release them 10000 times? There. I've just summed up Nintendo's marketting strategy
well, 3D platformers... 2D platformers there are plenty of
Any idea is an idea, and that's more than I have right now.
Something about batch or whatever.
Bleh
Authorization charges can cause that.
because of Steam, XBLA and PSN
u_u
It depends on the card, your agreement with the card provider, and the funds available.
I do not have a paypal account, so meh me.
Short version: It's annoying
but like Banjo Kazooie, those games border on perfection :(
PayPal can be good stuff.
Plus indie freeware.
I'd just be casual about it, not try to hide it, watch it on TV in the same room as them.
Or the very least, I do not have a bank account.
Thus no verification.
Paypal guest is great.
Ah. Well get one. Bank accounts are awesome.
Don't feel like it. ;cx
If you don't make it to be a big deal - it's just a show you like - I think it's reasonable to assume they won't make too big a deal out of it too.
Well I don't think I have played proper platformer in ages.
But as I said.
man
That's just me.
bank accounts rule
Totally.
5 
Hoo. (Channel stats page updated! View at: http://kamek.piiym-net.com/chromadancer )
5 4 4 7 7 8 8 9 9 3 3 10 10 11 11 12 12 2 2 6 6 13 13 5 5 4<4<7<7<8<8<9<9<3 
though there MIGHT be a savior on the horizon... Sly 4 is coming out
<.<
Yeah
Prepaid it is.e
e_e
it's always good to keep cash on you though
I actually don't, anymore.
Somuch d'awwwwww in that story
Best pony is.....
I've never played a platformer as good as Spyro.
Unless I'm going out of town, in which case I bring too much cash.
I only keep about $20 on me
Could someone link me to the huge pony music torrent?
4 4 7 7 8 8 9 9 3 3 10 10 11 11 12 12 2 2 6 6 13 13 5 5 4<4<7<7<8<8<9<9<3<3<10<
So much d'awwwwww in the story that just went up.
I was put off of B-K by its childishness.
Which is pretty sad, since the original 3 Spyro games are fairly old now.
But then again, I played Jak and Daxter later on.
5 
5 4 4 7 7 8 8 9 9 3 3 10 10 11 11 12 12 2 2 6 6 13 13 5 5 4<4<7<7<8<8<9<9<3 
Thanks for the help everypony, I guess I'll just have to wait and see what turns out.
Would Mirror's Edge count as 3D platformer?
Nuts & Bolts is a very good game, btw, it's just not a platformer...
Best pony is every pony.
Because I just loved that game
Looks like rapidxen takes google checkout? Might be able to use the card then.
FreezeFrame, the chat has been moved to irc.bronychat.net
should I sleep or drink coffee
I do like Mirror's Edge a lot, but most of the fun is had in the trial missions
Coffee ho, that website isn't making itself.
xDX
Very much.
xfd right right
story mode... kinda dodgy
I should probably get get back to working on that
:v
I need to get that game back though I never finished it.
Yeah there were flaws especially with the story. But the game mechanic was simply fantastic
anyone feel like making a favacon for me?
What did you have in mind?
as it is, I barely tell my parents anything
get a big hat
To me if you hide it that just makes it seem like something strange, wrong, dirty.
Yeah, doing time trials on those crazy hovering tracks is a whole ton of fun
rarity seems to like big hats
It's the kind of game you can finish with relative ease. But to get the technique right takes some serious practice.
It's not.
All you're doing is watching a TV show.
Every pony :D
they don't agree with pretty much anything I do.
but seriously uh
When you manage to get through whole level in the "flow" it's fantastic experience.
I know what video you watched, recently. :D
I tried to get the "test of Faith" trophy on my first run through Mirror's Edge.... definitely wasn't easy :P
I know how you feel, tux...
they still think I'm wasting my time working in IT.
I just plain don't talk to them unless I need to.
playing through it again after, I realized how big a difference guns made
I think this is the link you were looking for mrponiator https://docs.google.com/document/d/14XCse2gA-GkyDq_TwlPZ8DJivPW8Wtu4MURp8bhbxU0/edit?authkey=CPSCxIgD&hl=en_US&pli=1
Same
Pfft. Never used guns
I played mirror's edge for a bit.
Wasn't that impressed.
and I hate to say it...but sometimes I wish my gf's parents were my parents.
'cos they're awesome
But it's one of those games I actually have come back again and again simply to feel the flow
her dad is a bit gruff, but at least he'll have a drink with you
Haha my gf's parents are worse than mine but I know what you mean
I'd hope for a Mirror's Edge 2 where they fix all the problems with the first one... but it's not gonna happen
ahahaha
Yeah, that one Amethyst
Thanks
my gf's parents are awesome. Her mom can be a bit ditzy but she's fun
EA owns DICE, so.
her dad is cool...guy's a regular macgyver
I hope so too. My only fear is that they are going to make the game mechanic too simple and too in the tube
Today it is you, the viewers, who will get to choose what Nightmare Moon does today! Does she: A. Play Space Marines; B. Watch a Movie; C. Play World of Tanks; Or D. Banish to the Moon? ANSWER NOW!
You think EA is telling DICE what to make?
probably
They certainly are.
Banish to the Sun you mean
C.
again?
he built a sausage-making machine out of an old baby-changing table, a tomato sauce machine and a fridge motor.
!moon FreezeFrame\
Grab my tail, FreezeFrame\!
BANISHED!
B.
Aww
eeeeeyup
Failed that one
Yeah.
Can we just keep it on one freaking server for more than a day?
We have one for tanking, and one for movie time!
they are FULLY owned by EA, so yeah
Lulz FreezeFrame got mooned.
The reason EA "axed" ME2 was so that dice would make Battlefield 3
A
We're all tied up, with FreezeFrame wishing to be banished to the moon!
So DICE will be making BF games like almost every Activision developer will be making Call of Duty games.
Wow. really not too many people on right now or anything. o-o Nonetheless.. hi!
though DICE presumably likes making Battlefield, since it makes them money :P
D!
Hello Fluttershy
B
ohay flutter
B.
!moon FreezeFrame
Grab my tail, FreezeFrame!
Hi. ^^ What's up?
I wonder how that feels to people working on an open source project
Of course, but I think DICE is like any developer. They really want to make good interesting games
Wishes granted!
I know that's one of the whole reasons of open source but
u_u
gosh
:P
But that doesn't make money.
That's a bit harsh
I'd hate to spend all that time
kinda sad, because it takes a couple of good games to make a good franchise
So many IRCd software to choose from.
Yeah. Money is not everything
Ehh, it's experience, right?
Do I taste good?
and then someone come and just add like 2 new things and call it their own
It is to EA and Activision.
Tell Kotick that money isn't everything.
first game never makes as much money as an improved sequel
But unfortunately the guys making games are not the guys deciding which games to make
He'll bawl laughing.
anyway, time to go back to catchup on my Accounting
The votes are in! We had one vote for Space Marines! Three votes for a Movie! One vote for Tanks! And Two ponies banished to the moon!
I added the class 2 weeks in, and missed 2 chapters
I thought we didn't speak of cupcakes in here.
We don't
If you didn't want that to happen, you wouldn't make it opensource.
:P
The guys deciding are ones that may never play games.
Unless it's the command
The !kill command
lol that's true
Just making money off of a commodity.
well money makes the world go round
still
Exactly Nittany_Tiger
!kill TuxOtaku
/me grabs TuxOtaku and flies off in the general direction of Sugarcube Corner
Shouldnt we be getting a new Season 2 pic today?
seems a bit hypocritical
so.. huh, why the srver change?
/me returns with a cupcake with TuxOtaku's name etched into the frosting
/me hates money
If I was to make open source software, it would be for the sake of experience only and perhaps to create something knowing people will use it.
If not, I'd sell it. :p
oh that's right :O
You won't hate money when you have to make it in order to survive.
But the concept is starting to suck.
But there are a lot of open source freaks out there. ;)
And that's how software licenses are picked :D
Yeah, there really are.
Thats why I hate it Nittany_Tiger
>implying you need money to survive
Honestly, that's all I use anymore.
Go become self sufficient. :P
Same. I barely use anything that's closed.
Really do not need to pay $200 for MS office when Libreoffice is free. ;x
Yes. We are in or closing to breaking point in game industry
I am 80% self-sufficient.
hopefully
Open source doesn't mean free, but that's very true.
I hope the gaming industry collapses.
I'm like 100%
s/free/zero cost/
Free = anything I do not pay for. xD
At least the AAA portion.
I get whatever works better
PC gaming is being choked by rampant draconian copy-protection.
@self-sufficientmeter Nittany_Tiger
6 Nittany_Tiger is 89% self-sufficient. (1503)
I'd prefer using the office suite because I like the user interface, but I'd rather not deal with the hassle of doing backflicks to install windows apps unless I have to
okay, time to go do some stuff before class, like meet with a professor
Greedy publishers are getting greedier because of blind fanboyism.
6Correction, 89%. o:
/me agrees
Lol, I couldn't stand having a ! next to my name. :(
!moon
Grab my tail, MPR|!
wat
just testing that.
:x
Can't rent or buy used games anymore without those damn online passes.
@growing_on_treesmeter Money
6 Money is 80% growing_on_trees. (1504)
LOL
@pony
12RobotPinkie is 12Soar1in'
/me noms on pie
what is this bot
and what does it do
Doesn't do much.
It's just magnets
it looks awesome
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Threw It On The Ground" - "Download on iTunes: http://goo.gl/gcVR7 THREE T-Shirt designs!: http://goo.gl/jr4sY So many things to throw on the ground! Featuring Ryan Reynolds and Elijah..."
I made it do youtube.
Magnets how do they work?
/me knows how magnets work.
Teach us!
And I made a couple of scripts like the @pony / @whatevermeter ones
@miraclemeter Magnets
6 Magnets is 17% miracle. (1506)
btw I'm completely fine with bots, just don't get crazy with them
Well, changing name do not save you.
Magnets are just objects made with ferromagnetic materials.
Which have frozen-in magnetic fields.
Save you from what?
anda bout 17% miracles
>implying electromagnets aren't magnets
Which means they have frozen-in moving charges.
Goodbye, everypony!
Bye.
goodbye!
sure is science in #bronystate
Bye-bye!
talking about magnets etc
^
@botcrazinessmeter
6 You are 8% botcraziness. (1507)
All the text coloration in there is lulz and also eye-melting.
Hmmm...
That's pretty low...
6:3 Nothing to worry about Awesomeshy~
yeah I hate text colors
I should find a way to filter that per channel.
@hmmmeter
6 You are 68% hmm. (1508)
hmm
@ponypouncedmeter VioletVanilla
6 VioletVanilla is 52% ponypounced. (1509)
Well, electricity and magnetism is the same thing. Just different forms.
Text colours are so that when there are 300 people talking at the same time people can still notice mods talking.
Only the mods can use colours.
lol wot
/me ponypounces VioletVanilla
That's what channel modes are for
The channel mode to strip control codes also strips it from ops/owners, etc.
+m is bad.
Yeah, I was just saying that ferromagnetic materials aren't a prerequisite to magnetism, lolz
No, I mean like +o and +v
Hello again~
Oh dear... can I share the song that I have stuck in my head...? e-e; It's not bad I promise. It's pony related.
How does +o or +v help?
It differentiates the "mods"
When there are 300 people talking at the same time you don't note immediately the names of whoever is speaking.
Ok, I'm not really dumdum, but what does the magnetic field compose of?
Adds a nice little symbol before their name, and lets users decide if they want their client to add extra formatting
Please do, Fluttershy
No on mibbit.
Which is what most of the users will be on.
Ah
Well then
^
We have reasons for doing things the way we do. ;)
Well, I think I've already shared in the past, actually... >_> Can't remember. That or you've heard it before but... here goes
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NG8V_rs6e7E
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Myskinsoft Pony Remover" - "I am a dirty lying whore and this is an alt yay"
I love this.
I wasn't saying no colors
just I hate colors
If it works best for them, no need to say anyting about it. :D
It just looks terrible on my black terminal. :-P
^ this
It takes conscious effort to read the text on a white background
^^ Me too. It gets stuck in my head way too often though... >>
That's why white background is best. :P
ohhh yeah, me too
I like my lime green better than teal and maroon
Hi
Myskinsoft Pony Remover is actually the first pony things I found made by community
Oh? Cool. ^^
Wait
I'm using mIRC. :(
Hi
Need to go back to kvirc
Oh you're doing an inverted color flag on the text
Hi Rainbow_Dash
Yeah... Fond memories.
Or am I wront?
Hi Turgle
wrong*
wat
hi everypony
If you're specifically setting white backgrounds and everyone already has one, that's hilarious
I just have a transparent terminal window, black tint, and lime green text
And the lastest one I've found is the Fluttershy's Lament which I can't stop listening
Awesomeshy: Not you
Hi
oh :c
Hey
awesome video xD
Mibbit users are on a black background.
Ah. Well.
it annoys me, because there's a video similar to that one that I loved, but can't find again
Sweet, WWU is on Hub
It's your channel. :-P
/me is ponypounced
o-o Actually, before I even had any idea what MLP: FiM or understood the fandom at all... the first MLP: FiM fan video I discovered was Rainbow Dash Tylenol
Violet!
6:3
/me hugs VioletVanilla
6Hallo Natleyn~
Hello :3
I didn't mean to make that into a lengthy complaint
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i5jnJdnQPr8
/me ish squished~
I was introduced to MLP without any idea it had an internet following.
Everypony likes Violet
^^ Hi VioletVanilla
e-e
XD
6Hallo Fluttershy! c:
Hi, wolfinponysclothing. How are you?
I've been uncharacteristically rambly all morning.
6THE LORAX
6TREES TRESS TRUFFULA TREES~
I should rant about how all color movies are still not Citizen Cane. :x
good
Pony IRC network == exciting
/me hugs VioletVanilla ^^ 'How are you today?
Hm.
thanks for asking
I've never seen Citizen Cane.
I'm glad to hear that.
Hi
Oooh Dr. Suess cartoons! I love these things! ^^
hey Kabaka what irc client are you using?
Kane*
Awesomeshy: Weechat
I knew it had a following, I just thought they were all crazy losers... no offence
I grew up reading the books as a kid~ Man I miss them.
Im watching MLP on my tv right now :)
have you used irssi?
!s2
Yes. I found it to be lacking. :-\
Season 2 begins in 7d:19h:25m:35s
Well, no
Things look rather slow in the chat right now...
I'd just seen an article and a clip from some news show on Youtube, lolz
RD888, on Hub?
Yup, a Dr. Suess cartoon about a very stupid capitalist.
I found it to be excellent
Hi
But then I tried Weechat, and found it to be better.
hi
Yeah
man do I feel depressed right now
On the hub its winter wrap up!
Hello.
Hello everypony.
I should give weechat a try then
im sorry to hear that
Hi here.
What's wrong, Jigglysaint?
Aww, why's that?
Possibly.
well nothing serious
Yeah, I'm watching too. :3
Anything we can do to make you feel better?
would it be in the fedora repos or do I have to compile from source
:)
#weechat is always full of irssi converts.
well I was at my cousin's birthday last night
I don't have the hub :(
I'm pretty sure I have the Hub on my TV at home... not entirely sure yet
I'm not sure. It updates often, so Fedora repos probably have something ancient
it kind of reminded me of how I am kind of pathetic
0.3.5 is current
Song!
YAY!
How so?
IS runnin out
I only have the episodes downloaded in HD, with zero commercial breaks :(
Haha this anime Futurama is hilarious.
This fashions getting old
well he's had a much more privilaged life than me
/me cries
it is a console application right
and I guess it just gets to me sometimes
Apparently we get it with our basic cable. :(
Its allright this is my first time watching it on my tv and not my laptop lol
/me hugs Fluttershy back gently. I am alright, a bit sick and stressed with some things but okay for now. How are you? n.n
lol
Oh dear... the Dr. Suess cartoon though cute is reminding me unfortunately of Luna showing us the seaponies over and over again
e-e;
/me hugs RobotPinkie, patting him on the back
Yeah. It's similar to irssi in that way.
I really hate to act so petty
k
The author has never used irssi, so don't expect the same thing
Shoo be doo?
yes but have a less privilaged life makes you a better person trust me
/me hugs Natleyn back
Winter Wrap Up
-falls over, twitches-
not nessicarily
lol sea ponies
There's an old and cliche'd line that I always found usefun for times like those: If you don't have what you love, love what you have.
thatnks the main reason I use irssi. I never saw a point in usinga gui for something that only handles text
my cousin is a pretty good person
Shoo be doo, shoo shoo be do
Cause tomorrow spring is here
6TRUFFULAAAA TREEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS~~~
Yeah
he doesn't really act spoiled and stuff
xD
A GUI for IRC is just a waste of resources
i agree with bliejay
It's not what you have in life what matters, but what you do with it.
though his disabiliy does cause him to act a bit spoiled
bluejay*
true
Skyrim archery perk: Overdraw perk – adding 20% damage to our archery attacks
also oh wow
fedora does have it
Archery just got about 20% stronger =o
and up to date
but it just hurts to hear of people's experiences when I have no concept of them
Really?
ye
/me wonders if the guys at the Hub will make a full-blown musical episode.
oooh, Friz Freleng
That's cool
VioletVanilla: D: Ah, being sick and stressed is no fun. I've been sick the last couple of days, and college stresses me out sometimes. But I'm getting better and having lots of fun, specially with BronyState ^^
I dunno, maybe it's unfair to judge it when I know nothing about it, but it sounds to me like one of those things that all the experts in an area say is "Amazing", "the best", etc, but most other people don't see it that way, like shitty modern art which is apparently amazing.
I know what you mean.
it's hard to hear of people, and their vacations to far away places
Ehh, it doesn't really come across as artsy.
I''ve never even stepped foot in an airport in my entire life
Being sick sucks. x.x
Winter Wrap-up is serious business.
Awesomeshy: Lul, CentOS still has 0.2.6 (that's like 3 years old)
Tis
it's more of efficiency than asthetics
thats not a bad thing nowadays
we are talking about irc clients right
i love wrappin up winter
aw
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps Michael89pl
I don't think they are
meaning that I missed out at some point
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around LunaOnTheMoon in a tight embrace
/me hugs VioletVanilla. "I hope you get well soon"
oh movies
in factm my eentire life can be summed up as "missed out"
It's just an interesting story of the life of a man and how he changes. What his goals are, what he really wants. It's simple, but if you look deep into it, it has lots of different things you can find.
4I want rainbow dash to have her own full blown song
Downside to Hub: DEM COMMERCIALS @_@
I don't go out on vacation, like... ever, but I don't feel bad about it. I can still have fun at home and hang out with my friends...
wow
Upside to Hub: Is where the episode is first shown
0Oh Sorry bout that
that looks a lot of the same but different
You make your choices and priorities, if you don't like them then make different ones?
rainbowdash does have her own song
/me nods
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2X7eMiPtVE
sometimes life doesn't work that way
Lotsa toy commercials?
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Rainbow Dash Tylenol" - "It had to be done, with the songs title being so fitting and all. (Sorry for the lateness, I was without internet for a while.) MP3 : http://www.mediafire.co..."
sometimes you are powerless to change
Hi
beetcha!
If Dash had her own song it would be badass.
Hi.
http://mibbit.com/?channel=%23ponychat&server=irc.mibbit.net
Awesomeshy: http://kylej.name/i/1r255v.png
0It would!
...
but yeah, it just bugs me that I notice these things
INB4 warn/kick
PRINCE DARI!
I understand that the people I am jealous of have other things
Most commonly, I see people complaining they have no girlfriend on IRC.
Im pretty sure she will have her own song, she is one of the few who hasnt..
You know, Jigglysaint? I know exactly how you feel, because I have (many times) felt like that before.
Incoming infinite bird's nest
/me wonders if there is a virus in the channel.
Are you also from umm
Yet there they are, on IRC.
BronyState
Yeah MetalRainbowDash.
This doesn't count? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwyIR598a_s
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "rainbow dash always dresses in style" - "no...."
:D
Hi
Hey.
I'm from it too.
Every 1 go here
http://mibbit.com/?channel=%23ponychat&server=irc.mibbit.net
i listen to intensive pony unit when im bored
SAdly though she doesn't have her own song, but I found a song that fits her pretty darn well. Best song for Dash I've seen so far
Why?
No RobotPinkie.. No...
...
I need my MLP chat to get featured
is that
without screen
I don't think you should be advertising a channel here.
lol I thought half the ponies didn't really have their own songs yet
Wher
RobotPinkie: I have the same reaction as Dash in that video
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVCFV7jT9ho
If you chose to hang around IRC instead of finding a girlfriend why feel bad about it? Makes no sense.
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "My Little Pony - Rainbow Dash - You&#39;re Gonna Go Far Kid [Explicit]" - "Best. Pony. EVER. Bronies asketh, I giveth: http://www.megaupload.com/?d=WPQ7KUJU"
I may gat sad from time to time, but I remember the things that make me happy and concentrate on them rather than the things that make me frown.
It's inside tmux, not that it really matters.
you know, you really don't know the theripudic power of ponies untill you get sad
0 0So
Fluttershy, that song is supposed to be Rainbow Dash singing
Sorry
but no one cares about Applejack, obviously...
It redirected me somewhere
What were you saying
A twinkie pinkie?
I know, but it's so... amazing o-o
0:O
Regardless
Indeed.
Jigglysaint, the therapeutic power of ponies both made me cry AND made me feel better.
I know, I listen to it several times per day
That's SO true, Jiggly.
Lol
yeah
Rainbow_Dash: >3> You are silly. -hugs-
im bi polor and ponies work better than meds for me man i love them ponies
yeah
Silly how?
#EquestriaDailyRP
I am lucky no to actually suffer from depression
Crasheriffic!
Las week I was feeling rather blue, so I went and read some sadfics that got me crying my eyes out.
I love ponies.
=.=
but at the same time, I do tend to lose track of what makes me special
I noticed aspell in the help, this has spell check?
I get depressed a while back from reading Bittersweet and Pretty in Pink
-grins-
I was bawling my eyeballs out.
<Kabaka> I'm friends with the guys that do a really popular furry podcast. They're all bronies, and so are most of the listeners, and they all use IRC. I'll have them mention the network <--- where is the podcast at?
I felt great afterwards. I just needed to let out some pressure.
:o
Rainbow Dash helped me find Offspring's You're Gonna Go Far, Kid
hihi everypony
Hi there.
I want to share the ponies, but at the same time hide them from everybody so I can have a safe place for myself
rainbowdash helped me keep my wedding sunny
like it's a secret
Then I turned around and read some other stories and watched a couple episodes and I felt immensely better.
http://foxstuffers.com/
yeah, I hadn't listened to Offspring in like... 10 years or something
Awesomeshy: It can, yes.
They're nearly as old as I am
Awesomeshy: I've got mine configured to highlight words I misspell in red in the input bar.
and the community, from what I've seen sofar, is pretty good
Rainbow Dash makes it 20% cooler... >3>
/me was born in 1985, The Offspring formed in 1986
well
SNAAAAKE!
you just got a converter
BAAAAATS!
That's young for a punk rock band.
are Bad Religion still active, btw?
Saaaaaaaaaake
It's all "Love and Tolerate" in the Pony community. =)
BEEEEEES!
That Was Easy™
right
yep
I see
I think they are.
it's hard though
xfd
Tomato Juice? LIES
Pinkamina's basement.
I don't play favorites with software
actually this does sort of sound like a religion
Weather radio went off for a test. Thought it was another flood watch/warning.
more active then a parasprite in tesco
I go with whatever is better
lol
Hey

<<<<<<<<
If this is what religion is like, I'll take it
I try to do the same.
I think it's what religion should always have been
and what people should take it for
5 inches in 3 days.
lol
...that sounds like a spam e-mail
>read 5 inches in 3 days
Lawl RobotPinkie
Indeed.
Herdmind.
lolol
"I'll get you yet my pretties... as soon as one of you little birds, or monkeys or bears touches this net, you'll be mine! MINE!" -evil laughter-
Haha
I clicked that music video thinking it was this song:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OYonN9in668
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "[MLP FiM] - I can go the distance" - "Rainbow Dash being 20% cooler than everything as usual. My Little Pony is owned and copyrighted by Hasbro. My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic is developed f..."
I'll give something new a look and possibly a trial run if people tell me its a good replacement. But whatever suits my needs with the least hassle is what I use.
As my sister says, the bad thing about church and religion is that it's run by people, and that makes then unholy.
<<<<<<<<<<<
<<<<<<<<<<<<
yeah
<<<<<< <<<<<<
<<<<<< <<<<<<
that's always been the problem
<<<<<< <<<<<<
<<<<<< <<<<<<
<<<<<< <<<<<<
>go the distance

so keeping that in mind

3
333 33
33 333
33 33
3 3
I'm surprised no one's done a Cake - Going the Distance PMV yet
I can't seem to connect via ssl though
I go to church, most of the time
3 3
33 33 3
333 3333 33
3333 33333333 3333
/connect -ssl irc.bronychat.net 6697
but for me it's not really enough to just "go"
Freenode?
I bet some e-mails are titled that XD/
I'm glad I do volunteer work
Well
Does it not like the cert?
brb gotta go clean my glasses
At least this chat room
>3> No one noticed raeg moment...? Oh well! YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE MEEE!
Having morals doesn't mean it's a religion though.
Also
Same, Robot
right
/me hugs Fluttershy
If you just /connect, it won't save the server in the config
doesn't have people forcing you to read the rules.
But we already love you!
Start with /server
but also just because you are in a religion that has rituals and things like that doesn't mean you are giving up your free will
/me wants to staym in this server forever.
/me is hugged, blinks. >w> You're going to love me even more?
12:51:45 irc.bronychat.net =!= | irc: TLS handshake failed
12:51:45 irc.bronychat.net =!= | irc: error: A TLS packet with unexpected length was received.
stay
I mean we even cally Bronyism "The Herd"
also k
How did you get that YouTube thing
I don't.
He does it automatically, I think.
back
Like Dari and EqD updates.
well that's what the wecome pic depicts
Yup
welcome back.
/set *bronychat* (or whatever you decide to call the server)
ty
You'll see SSL options, among others
Groupthink scares me.
333333 333333 3333333333333
333333333333333 33333333333
__________________________________________________
3333333333333 3333333
@awesomemeter Rainbow_Dash
I think though that religion, as the world understands it, is still behind
6 Rainbow_Dash is 44% awesome. (1510)
3333333

They may need to be adjusted. I don't know — I connect via my ZNC server.
I like the term "The Herd".
WAT

LIAR
<<<<<<<<
I need to be hugged
<<<<<<<<<<<
between those who insist that it must be obeyed, and those who insist that it's garbage
<<<<<<<<<<<<
<<<<<< <<<<<<
yes that pic that says scares me
/ /|
<<<<<< <<<<<<
It's called sockets.
nobody can seem to find a good middle ground
+-------------------------------------------------+ |
| | |
yeah, I don't like groupthink either
/me hugs MetalRainbowDash
| <<<<<<<< | |
| <<<<<<<<<<< | |
Thankfully not dry sockets.
>< Eeep... I just wanted to try the meter thing. >>
| <<<<<<<<<<<< | |
/me hugs MetalRainbowDash
The default settings Just Work™ for most networks. Your SSL might be wonky, here, though. This isn't the first we've seen of oddities with it.
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
How is everyone? :D
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
in fact I go out of my way to be a bit different in my church
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
good thanks for asking
Okay, I think...for now.
won't wear a tie
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
so many trademarks
:)
[18:54] * MetalRainbowDash wants to staym in this server forever.
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
| | |
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Wait.. What?
| | |
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5Zv1pmHxQQ <-- Cake Song from Lazy Town PMV.
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "My little pony - cake song (lazy town)" - "Even pony&#39;s gotta do the cooking by the book!"
Why won't he go away. ;__;
@squeakmeter Fluttershy
| 3 | |
I know. I usually try to keep them down to one or two a week
6 Fluttershy is 16% squeak. (1511)
@testedmeter This meter
6 This meter is 24% tested. (1512)
| 333 33 | |
I'm also very much against religion.
I'm not a religious person, and I don't believe in the rituals most religions have, but I do agree on the message most of them try to give.
But there are just so many opoortunities!
lol
| 33 333 | |
opportunities*
| 33 33 | |
yeah
| 3 3 | |
o-o
| 3 3 | |
Must...have...broadcast...of...
every fandom must have its horror
| 33 33 3 | |
In Action..
What message? There are countless contradictory ones.
I only see ritual as a way to connect the abstract to the concrete
| 333 3333 33 | |
I'm gonna go play RDR with some pony music on
6TRUFFULA SEEDS~
| 3333 33333333 3333 | |
yeah
by....on
| 333333 333333 3333333333333 | |
religion (n) The belief in and worship of a superhuman controlling power, esp. a personal God or gods Details of belief as taught or discussed A particular system of faith and worship A pursuit or interest to which someone ascribes supreme importance
RobotPinkie
Wait
| 333333333333333 33333333333 | |
You have XBLA
| 3333333333333 3333333 | |
| 3333333 | |
Xbox Live
| | |
@bronymeter #bronystate
Everything might be wonky here. I really do not operate IRC servers very well.
:(
6 #bronystate is 79% brony. (1514)
"Religion is an insult to human dignity. With or without it, youd have good people doing good things and evil people doing bad things, but for good people to do bad things, it takes religion."
| | |
Whoo.
Not on RDR, I'm on PSN, sorry :(
I don't go to church og go confess my sins, but I do live my life in the way Jesus (to put an example) would want people to live.
Nashy: Nope
oh :(
I think only the last one could be aplied.
D:
i find that alot of people dont follow what thay preach allso
If I was only near my PSN account.
but I don't think it has to be like that
6XDD
As much as that is a decent quote, there have been plenty of other things that have convinced decent people to do horrible things.
6DARI YOUR REACTION
that good people do evil things
I don't do it because someone told me to do it. I do it because I feel it's the right thing to do.
o.o
6DO WANT
SSL is always harder than it should be.
i have a twilight sparkle spess mahrine
One good new pony song is the "She"
lol, like that one sonic fan
oops
what's his name?
I'm eating some Hersheys
/me hears talk about religion and goes back to lurking.
love and tollerate the shit out of xenos and heretics
"General Mumble - She's a Pony ("He's a Pirate" pony cover) "
crazy ass guy who keeps trying to make the fan movie?
Well, religion, groupthink, mass hysteria.
if anyone wants to add me, my PSN name is RobotPika
Abandoning reason for something else.
what happens is that people become afraid to stand up for themselves
Well, with you, I can sleep easier now. ;)
| <<<<<<<< | |
you fear your leaders
there's so much to this client
| <<<<<<<<<<< | |
| <<<<<<<<<<<< | |
The thing is, good people just following the groupthink can happen in any group
RobotPiKA
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
I'll give you my 'no' over mic whenever veemi's fixed.
:P
this
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nTFYCo-Fzxc
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "General Mumble - She&#39;s a Pony (&quot;He&#39;s a Pirate&quot; pony cover)" - "This is in two parts, the first half is original, the second half is a cover. MP3 is here: http://generalmumble.bandcamp.com/album/clop-3 It IS free, so is t..."
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
O WAIT
lol
-blinks, then groans- oh dear.. e-e;
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
Which is why it scares me...
6XDD
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
Robot
it's being accountable to another person that bothers people
6I want to hear it. . .
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
Ohey RobotPinkie I'll do that
| | |
how come I've never heard of this before
6Those exact quotes
| | |
yeah, Pika as in the tiny lagomorph
| 3 | |
6NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
RobotPinkie
| 333 33 | |
| 33 333 | |
6Why won't he go away. ;__;
Turgle: Yeah, I got lulz out of that
I should not have to feel that I will lose my entire social life if I make one mistake that is frowned upon
or at the very least play the Darth Vader NO button
| 33 33 | |
PSN was hacked
| 3 3 | |
a few months ago
6^THIS
Good song
| 3 3 | |
Alright back.
| 33 33 3 | |
JUDGE HIM!!!!!
>.>
| 333 3333 33 | |
Man, I feel like utter garbage right now
| 3333 33333333 3333 | |
forgiveness though
lol I know, MetalRainbowDash, got me some free games for it :P
Hate getting sick
| 333333 333333 3333333333333 | |
I wouldn't mind a belief system that has some of the same ideals of bronies: "love and tolerate the shit out of people", "friendship is magic", etc.
It's just starting to get really popular this year
| 333333333333333 33333333333 | |
:C
| 3333333333333 3333333 | |
No
I mean
yeah
| 3333333 | |
Still waiting on todays picture http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/mlp-facebook-page-countdown.html
I only have one real problem with that
Your personal infos may be HAXXED
I always tend to be the person who disagrees with everyone, pointing out the negative aspects of something everyone seems to think is great etc.
| | |
| | |
I have almost no real-life friends
| <<<<<<<< | |
6What is wrong Fluttershy? o:
| <<<<<<<<<<< | |
If nothing else because nobody else is.
/me hugs Alliszero
-.- speaking of being sick... I am feeling suddenly very nauseated...
| <<<<<<<<<<<< | |
So many sick ponies ;~;
Fluttershy.
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
We must get you to bed.
/me waves all around
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
Sankyuu
And the ones I do are just the sort of people who would laugh me down for revealing my bronyism.
/me desires the perfect Fluttershy PMV
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
ohai all
MetalRainbowDash: What are you on about?
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
Otherwise you have groupthink and yes men.
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
yeah
| | |
If you're into scripts, you should start with weeget. Then you can let it manage installation and updates.
LOLWUT?
| | |
| 3 | |
| 333 33 | |
6D; Flutternoooooooooooooooo~
You always ask me that
nah, the only data accessed was the HASHED passwords, and without the salt they can't even do a brute force attack
| 33 333 | |
I get confused.
| 33 33 | |
| 3 3 | |
Would it be actual derisive laughter, or the sort of back-and-forth that's common between male friends?
=_=; Actually I'm thinking it might be low blood sugar... ._.; -hasn't eaten anything yet today and it's already 12 pm-
| 3 3 | |
| 33 33 3 | |
so i'm not haxxed :P
| 333 3333 33 | |
6D<
| 3333 33333333 3333 | |
| 333333 333333 3333333333333 | |
Fluttershy, go eat lunch.
| 333333333333333 33333333333 | |
And if you ever have trouble, #weeget on Freenode is full of really helpful people, including myself.
| 3333333333333 3333333 | |
| 3333333 | |
see you in a bit, everypony
Fluttershy, eat >:|
| | |
it's hard to tell sometimes
heh
| | |
Fluttershy, have some noms please :3
| <<<<<<<< | |
unless you are close to your friends
LOLWTF
| <<<<<<<<<<< | |
Seeya later, Robot.
| <<<<<<<<<<<< | |
:-P
I was on Google
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
And then
I revealed my bronyism to a friend, and she looked at me weird
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
Derisive.
Some search thing comes up about VBulletin.
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
Wtf?
I don't agree with the whole "love and tolerate" thing either. If you're an intolerant disruptive douche I will not love and tolerate you.
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Story: A Rose is a Rose (http://tinyurl.com/3sblpg3)
but it's safe in my room ;_; It's all dark and gloomy outside because of storm clouds
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
but she wouldn't judge me because of this
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
| | |
| | |
| 3 | |
good point
| 333 33 | |
| 33 333 | |
then again, some people are just not advanced
| 33 33 | |
"Tolerate those who tolerate you"
| 3 3 | |
| 3 3 | |
yeah
| 33 33 3 | |
| 333 3333 33 | |
I don't mind people trying to troll or disrupt bronies.
| 3333 33333333 3333 | |
I live with it.
let me put it this way
| 333333 333333 3333333333333 | |
Oh I'm sorry MetalRainbowDash, I misread your post.
| 333333333333333 33333333333 | |
| 3333333333333 3333333 | |
http://files.g4tv.com/ImageDb3/282599_S/Max-Payne-3-Poster-Shows-Off-Drunken-Max-Terrorists.jpg
| 3333333 | |
| | |
Oh, ED is nearing 40 million page views.
I am willing to tolerate and respect somebody that I might not hold the same values as, if they are willing to respect my values in return
| | |
| <<<<<<<< | |
Sixteen years of being ridiculed in various ways for my Pinkie Pie-like behavior has made me very thick-skinned.
Exactly!
You said it was hacked few "months" ago, not few "moments" ago
| <<<<<<<<<<< | |
I'm very tolerant of people who do things which are only their business.
even if my religion says they would go to hell
| <<<<<<<<<<<< | |
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
though tolerate doesn't mean condone
/me nods
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
I was like "What, again?!?!"
What was?
| <<<<<< <<<<<< | |
| | |
| | |
Playstation network
hello all
| 3 | |
| 333 33 | |
Oh, that old news?
Hello Dermathil
for that reason I suck very much at missionary work
| 33 333 | |
<FreezeFrame> I wouldn't mind a belief system that has some of the same ideals of bronies: "love and tolerate the shit out of people", "friendship is magic", etc.
| 33 33 | |
| 3 3 | |
Yes. I just misread
lunacism
| 3 3 | |
best religion ever
| 33 33 3 | |
Another thing about bronies I take issue with is this whole "we must convert everyone, ponies everywhere" that some people seem to follow.
Hiya Dermathil.
| 333 3333 33 | |
that would just be plain lunacy
That is not tolerant.
| 3333 33333333 3333 | |
:D
Ugh, I hate that one, Nashy
| 333333 333333 3333333333333 | |
| 333333333333333 33333333333 | |
/me checks his watch. "10 hours to go..."
| 3333333333333 3333333 | |
It's why some of my friends won't watch, because people got way too pushy.
| 3333333 | |
Until what?
| | |
/me has a party hat within hand's reach.
I don't try to actively convert people.
The morning sun has vanquished the horrible night
neither do I
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmHAqgAFt6E <-- Heh
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "[MLP FiM] - I&#39;ll make a man out of you" - "The manliest song ever composed, now with about 20% more manly. Whoa, 50 000 views on this? Dude, that&#39;s rad. Whoa, 100 000 views on this? DUDE, that&#39;s rad. ..."
Yes.
but set an example
Fluttershy
statisticly One Piece is the most popular anime in japan with over 3.9million page reads per week. i reckon we could top that with MLP
YouTube
im ok with people who dont like mlp fim but only aslong as there not a jerk about it
if people see that a particular system of beliefs had a positive impact on your life
If you can't accept that people just don't like the same things as you and you shouldn't try to force them, you are not tolerant. You are behaving like you are in a cult.
they will perhaps want to know more
if not to satisfy their curiosity
to be honest I'd hate to have all my friends go to church with me
>nick list on right isde
>already as seconds on timestamp
Celestia's Witnesses, they go door to door and ask if people have considered accepting ponies as their personal savior.
I don't like to push people into liking what I like, as much as I don't like it when people try to push me into their beliefs.
hey, quick question
Hello
Church of Pinkie Pie
how many people here were converted because one of their friends told them to watch the show?
Not me.
not me
I was converted by mylittlebrony.com
:D Awesome
over all this looks really nice
Church of Derpy Hooves of Latter-Day Saints :P
lol
Yes, memebase/mylittlebrony.
good enough for me
works p much the same way, though I couldn't get ssl to work
not me
memebase got me
Derpy-day Saints
Watching it on a friend's computer got me.
well, I was
This was the same friend who introduced me to Legend of Koizumi
two posts came up on popular forums I frequent and I decided to look into the show myself
Birthday?
one day I just decided to look up the show and watch it
Pinkie Pie?
after seeing a thread on Spoony's forums
After seeing page after page of ponies
I saw an iPhone app that said it was ment for 18+ males. I was curious and did some reading.
I haven't recommended it to anyone, because I don't know anyone I think would like it.
I decided to just jump in an try watching episode 1
6Natleyn? :33
I read about the characters.
espylacopa: gotcha
And stopped around episode 16
Then I said: "I gotta see this".
Because I ran out of night-time.
see, I already like kiddie shows anyway
hehehehe
so I figured that I would just like this show anyway
I only recommend things if it's something I think they will enjoy, based on what things they already like.
turned ot I was right
There's stuff in the FAQ about SSL
6Hallo Dermathil~
I saw the firs 5 or 6 episodes on a row.
yeah
ohai VioletVanilla
my girlfriend hates cartoons
Then I has to go to sleep.
I would never tell her about that
o3o
I saw the show under my own behest. No person had to attempt to convince me.
/me cannot remember how pushy his friend was, and the logs are on a different computer :(
I don't recommend everything I happen to like.
she caught me trying to buy a Pinkie Pie and scolded me for it
Could be any number of things.
<Robot%OPinkie>: if anyone wants to add me, my PSN name is RobotPika <- I'll add you when I get home.
sure it was a G3 Pinkie Pie
buy one anyway
I remember the first time I went to buy a Pony toy for myself...
but I only want FIM Pinkie Pie
That's when it's time for DEAL WITH IT and sunglasses.
and besides, I really want Rarity
*sneak* *sneak* *sneak*
/me goes back to Space Marine multiplayer. (SO MUCH FUN!!!)
lol
OHAI DASHITE
L.O
meh, warhammer sucks imo
I kept thinking about my niece. "I anyone asks this is for her". But it wasn't.
I'm buying this Pinkie Pie! DEAL WITH IT.
lol
no one cares...
I do like the `original' plan for spreading friendship, that is, making everyone else jelly of how awesome we are
and there is no FIM merch near where I live
/me glares at Zephirdd
Jigglysaint, internet!
/me nods
Xiagu, no credit card or similar thing
Seriously, I played Retribution, and it sucked hard :\
Hey who in here is an artist...? o-o
6DAAAAAAAAAASHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEE!
/me ponypounces Dashite
I'm not a fan of multiplayer games. Rage too easily nowadays.
lol
Jigglysaint, bank account? paypal? :c
still need a card
BF:BC2 makes me want to kill people at times. (not really).
I want Fluttershy.
Zephirdd, Retribution wasn't as good as the vanilla game IMO
meto
/me logs onto his character in FFXI
Me three!
No credit card, how do you live!? D:
on disabillity
6I think we had that discussion Nittany. . . ;D
-clears her throat- Who in here is an artist?
Jigglysaint, pretty sure you don't need a card for paypal
I have no credit card either
I rarely have cash...
Does anyone have a dimension-travelling machine that I can borrow?
Yeah.
I need to bring Fluttershy to my house.
roushguy, I have a bike
well, no real credit card
Fluttershy is the only one I'm missing.
and even though it had campaign for multiple races, that made it spread too thin
you don't need a credit card for paypal
roushguy, it can travel in around 3 dimensions
05define artist
just a bank account
6Everpony, Fluttershy is asking who here is an artist. o:
transactions TAKE longer
but it will still work
I use a debit card pretty much
ah
I've done that for years
I have the other five right there on the table in front of me....
while DoW2 vanilla had a 50 hour campaign or something like that
same here
So many people love that game, so I must be alone in hating it because it's too difficult to enjoy.
Well credit/debit card, whatever.
6DOTA!
I should look into that
HI SUMICA
I'm sure people hate it out of fanboyism, though.
I used to work for a web hosting company who paid me via paypal
Sumica did you look at umm
Okay, class time
maybe create an account just for internet purchases
In Action
most inconvenient crap ever
class time.
but it worked
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0BpquDZEyUI
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic - Fluttershy Scream" - "Turn down your volume, it may hurt your ears."
A piece of plastic which magically contains money.
I go like twice a week to the store to see if they have a Fluttershy.
Artist in this sense means someone who likes to draw pretty much anything, ponies included. Also wondering how many people use tablets o-o
Here is the extent of my artistic talents.
O
-|-
Sumica did you look at In Action by onNeutral?
Like a bag of holding.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_cCsFU6pak
But... I want a real-life Fluttershy.
I have some artistic talent.
All warm and feathery
meto
Oh no! It cut off his legs!
And kind
fluttershy is awesome
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NwrIc9jibcE
want to hug her till time ends
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Angry German Kid (Season 5, Episode 9) (Episode 29) AGK gets Ransomware [HD]" - "Yes, I know. S5 E8 was supposed to come. But there was a swap in episode list. I decided to air S5E9 first, and air S5E8 next. But anyways, Leopold is BACK! ..."
Twilight Sparkle would be better.
well, regardless....
That would be *so awesome*.
I can draw quite accurate tornadoes.
yay
nah, fluttershy
Ah, I have a video to post too... >< It's for anyone who's an artist and uses tablets
I wouldn't mind being hugged to death by Fluttershy.
will check it now MRD
only fluttershy's wings are feathery though lol
Besides
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fXbBA1DRE84&feature=player_embedded
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "INKLING BY WACOM" - "Wacom introduces Inkling, a new digital sketch pen that captures a digital likeness of your work while you sketch with its ballpoint tip on any sketchbook or..."
I would get along with her just fine.
Fluttershy, Rarity, and Pinkie Pie
K sumica :D
also all 3 are absent from the MLP live show
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vl0AKCkLaws
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Garry&#39;s Mod - NPC Animation Test" - "Me in Garry&#39;s Mod (Steam) testing out the new mod I got (NPC Control) and the Actor NPC Animation."
I'd love for Fluttershy to sing me her lullaby... No Sweetie Belle.
YOU'RE GOING TO LOVE ME!
lol
in before "waifu"
MLP live show?
blasphemy!
yeah
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ejTwZvQaXY
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Rebecca Black &quot;My Moment&quot; (Brock&#39;s Dub)" - "Rebecca Black is back, but is this really her moment? You decide. My Main Youtube Channel: http://www.youtube.com/mcgoiter Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/..."
only in Canada
I mean, the show was blasphemy
:P
u_u I give up...
The what now in Canada?
Nittany_Tiger, dont link THAT .-.
My eyes and ears are still sore from that live show.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FE9lIuX4K74
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "MLP:FiM - Twilight Sparkle Plushie Extended Bit (Pitch Fix) &amp; Cut MLP FiM Intro" - "NOTE: The Cut MLP FiM intro was taken off of the original show. This is the original theme song. And also includes a pitch-fixed version of the Twilight Spar..."
So many links. @_@
What's with all the youtube spam?
It's a dubbed version of the song.
it was.....
Just think of the explosion of fan-content once Season 2 starts.
dear god
those back legs
nightmares
*shivers*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltWSiMnGdhU
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Cleverbot Sings the My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic theme song! &amp; After That, And Again!" - "Cleverbot can sing the MLP:FiM Theme song! Anyways, sorry for the actual song not being there."
I would never torture you all with the real thing.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KoLCOc3lo6E
/me loves everything about Fluttershy... and would give his left kidney to live in Equestria just to see Fluttershy.
Brock's dub of this and "Friday" are hilarious.
GOOD LORD NO
roushguy: :D:D
...huh.
i agree roushguy
into the gala~~! into the gala~~! and we'll have the best night ever! *badum-badum etc* to the gala!
6@Flutershy: Wacom makes good tablets, I am not anywhere good at drawing, but my brother uses them for when he works on manga.
dude, just your left kidney?
yes
both kidnies
:P
Lawl. Finally got around to opening that QR code on EqD.
My right kidney I need to survive.
and live there on machines
lol
My left has suffered two kidney infections
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYd4X7h7cmw
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "[MLP FiM] - Ponies learning about space" - "Eyup"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUxchZUSaSM
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "In Action... Zlob Trojan" - "That codec can do more harm than good; this malware tries to convince you that you need more security than you actually have."
Nittany, all my bits
don't be such a baby, kidneys grow back
yes hard to hug fluttershy if your dead
lol
If I gave up my right kidney, my left would shut down and I'd kick the buckey
Bucket*
QR code?
Which limbs would you sacrifice?
If I give up my left, my right can assume full responsibility.
Remember this? http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-rn1IiTmjH0c/TmdeSulKLSI/AAAAAAAALsw/pZmkgdC2NFc/s1600/54103+-+Bon_Bon+Lyra+artist+fadri+comic+human+zipper.jpg
Iwant that to be me.
nah, you give both kidneys and then she hugs and soothes you there in bed
:P
oh god, the back legs are levitating
...
/me everybody
and yes, back legs......
looks like newborn cuties
how they crawl on their hind legs
Ohai
6@Fluttershy? Are you still here?
notice they dont have cutie marks
6Hallo ohai~
I always love how there's a bad diff eq on the backboard in that scene.
VoiletVanilla, I don't think.
VioletVanilla
I don't think Flutter's here.
05she is
yeah
Hm? Yeah. =_=; I really should go get something to eat, especially because the thunder's started.
So yeah, what's up everybrony?
It should say..
Oh.
And.. though it isn't raining quite yet... it will be soon. >>
http://j.mp/oWjDHH
It sounds like they're all voiced by the same person to me.
eatin icecream
Coolio
Don't you have an umbrella?
talking about fluttershy
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mXZZq2fDVM8 <-- ....a game called "Pinkie Pie's Party"
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Let&#39;s Play - My Little Pony: Pinkie Pie&#39;s Party" - "Sometimes I wonder why I do the things I do and then I say to myself &quot;Because I&#39;m having fun.&quot;"
I bet it was a recording
and what we whould give up to meet her
watching seaquest
Oh right
No umbrella. >_>; I keep on forgetting to bring one with down to campus.
Fluttershy is here. She just got lost in all the youtube links.
like, the voice actor is not there
I'd give anything
seaponies!
Noes ;~;
when I am feeling sad, I call upon the sea ponies
I must be look at the wrong page, it seems to just be a bunch of what happens to your system if you have such and such virus.
I also need to prepare to get ready to go home for the weekend o-o
seaponies creep me out
Shoop Shoop Bee Doo
Yeah...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNS0J_mblUo
watch this
wow
Oh wait
Maybe this is only for pony content.
applejack's lets didn't even touch the ground
Why can't we have ponies irl?
But why did we watch fucking japanese shit yesterday?
they are, they are called ponies
That's why.
Hey... D:
Because the streamer wanted to?
rofl poor derpy
irl ponies arent cute.
:P
I meant why can't we have the mane six IRL
/me disapproves of badmouthing...
Ok sumica then look at Red VS Blue
lol @Jiggly
yeah, good question :P
I'm sure it will work out just fine.
I don't think there's anypony who hasn't heard or seen Red VS Blue MRD, but there's nothing wrong with watching anime either...
Physics?
because they're not real :?
there made of darkmatter that whould be bad if thay came here
Let me pose a question to everypony as well.
hmmm
except rarity shes made of marsmellow
Dark matter? you reminded me of that physics guy on that video...
Aaaaanyway, I'm done for today. I feel too sick to try and do any kind of meaningful work :\
oh noez AllisZero D:
thats where i got it
:(
Eyup
That was a great video.
/me nods
Sumica
Tons of guys and girls watch anime on a daily basis. Anime goes everywhere from super cutsey to violent and insane. Like I'm saying, we were probably watching cutsey stuff before MLP came out, so there's nothing wrong with watching MLP is there? ^^
You can take a look at red VS Blue
wolfinponysclothing, dark matter isn't the problem...antimatter is
I know of RvB already
Is it good to you
jesus
this kid just wont quit
;~;
lol i know but still
2,14 lol I'm sorry but RvB is stale and boring
Fluttershy: I doubt anypony who watched Lucky Star and enojyed it won't like MLP
no, nothing wrong with it
The action animated episodes are good.
antimatter is what derpys made of
I do have an electromagnetism course next year... How could I possibly ponify that?
Tons of people are like "OMG it's guys who like ponies! How ridiculous!" But in reality most people watch anime and they call bronies girly because it's 'ponies'. That's just ridiculous
I loved Lucky Star.
I don't regularly watch RvB. Just the occasional episode where the reds and blues are getting the crap kicked out of them.
wolfinponysclothing, no...derpy is made entirely out of strange quarks.
:P
Star Driver japanese stuff is ok
I would disagree with your assertion that "most" people watch anime.
lol
My Little Pony: Magnets are Magic
but I didn't enjoy the making out part in what we watched last night.
yayphysicshumour!
i like the sound of that
Well, lots of people watch anime nowadays I should say, in one form or another. o-o Or they know of it, at least.
Anyone want to read my horrible fanfic?
We even have anime shows that are integrated into daily kids shows xP Pokemon was anime before anybody even realized it was anime
[19:28] <MetalRainbowDash> Anyone want to read my horrible fanfic?
MetalRainbowDash, then turn off the stream when something you don't like comes on? I don't really care for the anime stuff either so I generally turn it off or mute it. Doesn't bother me and other people get to watch stuff they like.
Same with Digimon and Sonic
Hey everypony.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
What're we watching tonight?
Just when you thought it couldn't get worse.
Tonight? As in... tonight tonight? xP
True Romance and Rocky Horror Picture Show
cool
=d
is True Romance good?
lol
I never heard of it
No idea.
its name is ironic, i think.
same./
I've never seen or heard of it. o-o But the description on it looked intriguing
Something about someone stealing cocaine from their pimp and then running away to sell it before they get caught or something.
6This thing wrote a fanfic? D:
Do ponies have electricity? I've seen ambiguous references in the show.
of course it did
It has a really high IMDb rating.
fanfics are the epitome of laziness and shit
Should be good.
Well.
They have light switches, but we never see a light bulb.
Twilight has that weird contraption
Pretty high anyway.
M-m-m-meow
was that using electricity?
they have power over magic and lightning
6what if it. . . is about Caramel? :c
and they have indoor plumbing
2,14 I'm incredibly lazy today. Someone find me a high-res vector of Vinyl Scratch
For the lazy: it links to a John Joseco drawing of Lyra. http://fav.me/d49b9sc
then that's even worse
You mean the contraption from Feeling Pinkie Keen?
They've got to have some sort of magical electricity.
because then they will have soiled the good name of Caramel
Yeah, I couldn't be bothered, so I just scoured the comments.
and I will murder them
I knew someone would have posted what the QR code linked to.
That sure looks electrical.
Maybe they channel magic for energy...or have something for electricity.
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmeow
Otherwise Twilight's scientific...um... thingy.... from Feeling Pinkie Keen wouldn't work. Nor would Pinkie's lamp from Party Of One.
of course they have electricity
I'm having lunch.
I hate it when ponies put QR codes and shit online
Lawl.
watup!
So fan literature is bad.
Hello.
Mmmm
But fan art is good?
also they have trains pulled by ponies... whats up with that
Wat's goin on in this chat
Ham sandwich
[VLC-Audio]: Happy Up Here - Royksopp [19:01:28/19:02:43] @ 192 kb/s
pretty much
ponies and science and magic
Seems pretty contradictory to me.
Iks, cleaner than coal?
Theny need the engine for the whistle
because fan art isn't by definition terrible
They*
We do see lights, but there's still a reasonable doubt obout their origins...
How so?
BlueJay, and what about Vinyl Scratch?
And technology in Twilight's basement
2,14 awesome, thank you Dashite
ah the whistle of course
It's all explained in fallout equestira
because when you take the works of someone else for your own literature, you're just half-assing the writing
you kinda need power and technology to work a set of turntables
the whistle
First thing that came up on Youtube.
Er Google.
true how whould vinyls stuff work without it
Not youtube.
She could turn the tables by magic, I think... After all she IS a unicorn.
it's intellectually stagnant
MAGITECH
maybe everything works on magical batteries
Explain Pinkie's lamp, then :P
strange...all the google results I got were low rez
oh well
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MgAbLUTb0Lg
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "History of Video Games Pt 2 - Ralph Baer &amp; Magnavox Odyssey" - "Part 2 of this Massive miniseries. Be sure to check out part 1 first: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X58CdkLVr6A For those of you not old enough to know, HAL..."
I look at it the same way Thor explains Asgard in the comics.
it's Pinkie Pie, we don't have to explain it
Fireflies?
And the same is true for art.
Instead of electricity runing through circuit boards, it's magic through gems
that was probably a pot with a plant before... we know she produces her own inprobability field
Asgard is a place with technology so advanced that it could be misconstrued as magic
You're just using someone else's work.
BeatleBrony, yeah like that
+1 point for BeatleBrony
I judge fanart by the same rules I judge fanfics
Doctor Whooves fic
Oh, but Pinkie also used a turntable at the gala...
explains it alot
Time to go!
Bye peoples~
Later
But then again... that's Pinkie.
Lawl.
Nope.
and Iks +1 geek point for referencing hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy
a fanfic is the art equivalent of making a comic entirely out of vectored images with no drawing applied
[VLC-Audio]: Young Blood - The Naked And Famous [19:01:54/19:04:06] @ 128 kb/s
Or you would hate most fan art too.
and those same comics I despise
i did that like 5 times already
this song is freaking awesome, btw.
No it isn't Val.
I hate a_lot of fanart
6It makes me want to say yes to his interview.
Iks, yeah but I just noticed that last one...lol
6JUST so we could post it under the BEST INTERVIEW EVER thread. . .
XD
05now i take offence
05:C
Hello, everypony! :)
How's everyone? o 3o
yo!
Hi there.
do you make comics filled with only vectored images from the show?
They aren't equivalent Val.
05no i make comics filled with vectors that ive drawn based of canon content
/me waves to a hoof to everypony.
well that isn't what I said I hate :P
Bai
They would be if you only took lines and plot from episodes of MLP and arranged it into a story.
05close enough to hurt me feelin's
Then they would be equivalent.
/me hugs everypony
brb
even if you are right on that one point dari, the fact remains that there is not a single fanfic that is quality literature
Alright, random poll
A poll you say
Well more like question
05define the definition of quality litterature
Ask away.
What is the last fanfic you have read?
Go on, friend.
I'll give you two, either of which you may take
I'm reading one right now
the last one....?
1) Something I would enjoy reading
Cross and arrow
The most recent one
Pizza
Hayseed.
nowait Cross and Arrow
Oh, man...uh...do the Full Life Consequences fics count?
2) Something that (had it not been a fanfic) could be published
Exactly one week until Season 2. :3
I've only read one lol
I don't remember its name
Hoenshy
Right now I'm on the middle of "The party Hasn't Ended".
!s2
Season 2 begins in 7d:18h:22m:52s
!s3
I need 1.21 gigamuffins to find that out for you.
!s4
I don't keep track of that...
last fanfic... something winds burning hearts
!s1
!movie
Last fanfic read: The Light in the Darkness
Iks, frigid
It was average.-
9okay so
yes
I'm pretty sure there's a LOT of 2 around.
9seems Veemi's servers are having trouble
Since there's a lot of crappy published books.
prove it
I'm starting to read the Fallout EQ series.
:(
friendship is magic... the movie
9so we switched the Dinkypage to uStream Emergency Broadcast System for tonight
woohoo lol
I'm not talking about self-published books
9if your refresh it, you should see it
9movie night will be streamed through there at the same quality
I'm talking about books that actually have to go through a PUBLISHER
why is that? :O
9Veemi is having trouble
9as in
Veemi servers are derping.
2,14 because the people at Veemi are evil
9our stream provider
9is dying
Sorry, guys, but I have to get going now.
Fallout EQ is epic
c ya blue jay
Actually, I have to go like 5 minutes ago...
I'm liking it a lot so far
later
051/2, bueno
:O
:/
It was nice talking to you all.
Have a nice day.
it is? i dont know if i wanna read it... i liked the fallout games although i never played fallout 3
By the way, I created my pony name: Mushroom Cloud. Is that taken?
but cant seem to get myself to read it
There's lot of crappy books published by publishers.
lots*
such as?
Well, there are alot of fallout 3 refrences
sup
T_T
im here
saturday 17
im gonna work
well buy bronys gunna go watch some ponies
T_T
!moon
Grab my tail, wolfinponysclothing!
Okey-doke.
I'd be willing to argue the books you're talking about are just not enjoyable to you, yet are still very well written
I'm so sorry Turgle :\
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
Took me a while to read Fallout: EQ as well. It just never seemed like a mix that would Work. But dang, it does. It's an amazing fanfic.
you can still catch it on youtube tho :D
yeah me too T_T
I've played Fallout New Vegas, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
yes BUT
Kkat does an excellent job
#bronystate won't be there
I preffer Fallout 3 but that's kool
T_T
We're always here bro
:D
Time for sleep. Night, ponies.
I just remembered when Pinkie got the full doozy combo
:')
What hours are you working?
And briefly turned into a blimp
i wish they would make more isometric games..
And as for the references, I can't spot them. Most of the time. Despite having finnished both Fallout 3 and New Vegas. They are spun in a definitely Pony way. Gives them a life of their own.
it's gonna be on http://www.synchtube.com/r/IsaacShark#
6Goodnight Kabaka~
from 7 am to 1 am of sunday
SEASON 2 WILL BE AIRING ON SYNCHTUBE
O.o
2,14 false
and on bronystate
:)
-_-
That's a long freakin' shift.
2,14 synchtube will merely provide a recorded video
yep
05in other words, pointless discussion
05it comes down to personal preference
18 hours shift? What are you doing?
Ah.
Ah
heh
The great thing about FO:E is that while it starts as a crossover fic, it really grows into so much more
Still a damn long shift.
I can abide by that consensus, as much as I am inclined to disagree with it :"P
It becomes more of a character study
:P*
Got a smart phone?
nope T_T
Damn.
What would happen if the mane 6 were thrust into leadership positions during a war?
i hope i can get a break of 20 minutes
and watch the episode with you all
"The road to hell is paved with good intentions"
Some of those memory orbs and recordings really punch you in the gut
in a good way
Rarity would be apart of the white glove society, that's for sure. :)
kinda like the white shoe boys?
Heck yes. It's easy to think of the Mane 6 to be a bit OOC at first. When you've just received a glimps or two of them. But the more you read, the more it all makes sense.
Yes^
like gerald celente calls em... Harvard, Princeton, Yale. Bullets, Bombs and Banks.
And the OCs are incredibly well done too
05now
05back to drawing rainbow dash
Littlepip is currently my favorite OC
closely followed by Nyx
then Steelhooves
then the rest of the fallout equestira charactres
I haven't gotten that far into it yet, still in chapter 1
ah
kewl
keep going
just started 30 mins ago
it gets epic!
haha but i will. :D
DO IT FILLY!
"I'm a year older than you..."
haha
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5eLbPQt_Pk&feature=feedu
lol
Speaking of nyx
Nyx, Nyx, Nyx!
How many ponies here have read past sins?
i trew it on the ground!
i did
I have
Yay.
Best pony.
You a lover or a hater?
i liked it
Because there doesn't seem to be much of a spectrum
kewl
Great story
What a story, Mark!
05streamign it aswell
05becasue im bored
PenStroke did an excellent job with the end
I felt that I could never be satisfied with the end, but he managed to pull it out and make it work
So what are you saying Val, even if an author who had books out which weren't self-published wrote a fanfic, it'd still be bad?
I think Celestia was a touch out of character
But that's probably my biggest gripe
I have yet to read the revisions so I can't say anymore
well she was more out of character in the first version
on my initial readthrough, I didn't think it was too bad
I could feel she had regret
More along the lines of, I can't really see her doing what she did
but this was also the pony who banished her "sister" to the moon
sister should be italics
word of note:she banished her permanently
to emphasise
exactly
so NMM's return was a happy event
"happy"
..What?
one flaw with your argument
and basically, Celestia was without someone who understood her for 1k years
a published author would never write a fanfic :P
Celestia is sad pony :(
yes
Lawl.
Wrong.
but hey, I'll be reasonable
I've seen fanfics by published authors before.
So I KNOW you're wrong there.
such as?
i just saw a video that somepony posted an hour ago xD
we're never sad
this
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAYL5H46QnQ
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Threw It On The Ground" - "Download on iTunes: http://goo.gl/gcVR7 THREE T-Shirt designs!: http://goo.gl/jr4sY So many things to throw on the ground! Featuring Ryan Reynolds and Elijah..."
we're not allowed to be.
There was some massively long Eragon fanfic I saw a long time ago, didn't read it, because I don't read fanfics.
PONIES MAKE ME SSAD
:(
I wish I was in a sadfic mood when I read that
But the author got published, which is why they stopped writing fanfics.
Oh dear.
I was i n a sadfic mood
I only cry when I'm in a sadfic mood
I practically shed tears
>which is why they stopped writing fanfics
I wonder how many PC players EA is scaring off with Origin?
I had tears welling and a wasn't in a sadfic mood
thats how powerful it was
but hey, I'll be reasonable here
It was because they no longer had the free time to devote to it.
show me a fanfic that's good
i allowed myself to shed a few tears
and I'll take everything back
and hah, that's such bullshit it makes me want to laugh
EA still exists?
:|
>they said so themself
Texas Wildfires
I need to get myself in a sadfic mood whenever I read a fic
then they're completely full of themselves
Spreaded over 15000 acres.
Yep, and they're trying to become more evil than Activision.
Lawl.
lol
The most recent chapter of FO:E had an excellent scene thatwould have had me bawling
but I just wasn't in the mood for it
They were the most evil publisher until Kotick started opening his mouth.
are we in a net split?
netsplit *
(darn autocorrect)
You don't WANT to like them in the first place.
There's nothing I can show you good or not that you'd say you enjoyed.
Now it's a full-on war on mistreating loyal consumers.
that's actually completely bullshit
Also, I don't know any fanfics.
because before I actually READ fanfics, I was intrigued by the idea
I have since then had my eyes opened
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
/me wraps her front hooves around Michael89pl in a tight embrace
05dari
And maybe their employees.
05thoughts on dashie?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDDfPxF3EFE
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Battlefield 3 | Caspian Border Gameplay" - "Watch intense 64-player vehicle warfare - including jets - from our beautiful Battlefield 3 multiplayer map Caspian Border! This marks the premier of jet gam..."
ohay again everypony
6ohallo Robotpinkie~
Wrek: Wut?
Hi Rainbow_dash
Hi.
Link me?
05livestream.com/johntb
Hi guys :3
6BF3 looks very intense, though Origin is super lame. . .
RDR is so much fun
This waiting is unbearable..
6Hallo Thunder_Dash!! c:
The country western game?
Hi MetalRainbowDash
yes
hum...
!hugtime
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
yes
Yeah, I guess you could call it that
Origin is spyware.
=D
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps LunaOnTheMoon
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
SP--SPYWARE
Hee.
HI UNIDENTIFIED1994!!
I'm never installing Origin until EA agrees to change their EULA to not searching my HD.
Dash! <3
Even then...
listening to pony music while catching horses feels a bit weird sometimes, though
I was looking into buying BF3, but I'd rather not install another DRM/Game manager on my computer besides Steam
05^_^
Are you using a mouse?
6I played the Alpha though. . .
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
no
05yeh
/me wraps her front hooves around Xiagu in a tight embrace
raaaaape :(
6It was outrageous and fantastic. Even with Origin. :b
Wow.
lol
EA can't be trusted. They like to play parent with their games.
05been doign that will all the banners
yeah, Steam exists, so Origin would be completely superfluous even if it wasn't malware
I've got a couple friends that were in the alpha. I owe them some payback when the game finally comes out.
I don't get how people manage to use a mouse and still make it look good. XD
6^ This.
Origin is good for competition, but it's from a company that isn't popular with fans for good reasons.
practice :P
Or innate skill. :P
Hey JackiePie!
Hi
I don't think it's for competition, really...
Ooh steam
hi
I have it
well innate skill is always a factor in these things
I mean, one of the arguments I've seen for Origin is "Steam started out not-too-great as well, so it's not any different"
it doesn't change the fact that you can do reasonably well with practice
6Wrek what music is this? I recognize it so much. . . Final Fantasy?
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: My Little Investigations - Engine Demo - Locations (http://tinyurl.com/3q8vr48)
I didn't like Steam at first, and I'm still not a fan of digital distribution, but I've never had a problem with it.
difference is that EA wants to add more layers of DRM... that's my big problem with it, essentially
But Valve has never been cruel to it's customers.
Honestly, even with everything Origin has going against it, as long as I don't get "Sorry, but your game is unavailable. Please try again later." messages all the time then I'll get along just fine with it.
6I see my chat in your screen! X3
05"when your cutie marks not there~"
05"we're the cuite mark crusaders, on a quest to find out who we are~"
gtg
bye everypony
:D
Later Turgle
I like to think that Twilight would be a fan of Final Fantasy
bai Turgle
Aaahahaha
Dat skype
Bai Turgle
bye, Turgle
Bye Turgle
Oh I thought that was my Skype XD
bye :3
6What in the name of all that is Sugarcube Corner. . . o^o
oh, stream's going?
EA banned two players from DA 2 from what they said on forums. What's to stop them from banning you from playing every game you own on Origin because you badmouthed someone or the publisher?
6You are hacking the picture D:
05?
back!
nothing, because you don't own a copy of an EA game after you buy it :P
6You are too good, how do I quit you?!
oh wow
uStream doesn't allow for rezising
how faggy
Can you do realistic, Wrek?
Honestly, I wouldn't mind if they banned a few more people from the DA2 forums. Maybe some from the Mass Effect forums as well. >_>
/me signle handedly made violet addicted
I'd be more okay with Origin if it weren't for the fact that EA hasn't given me much reason to trust them - The only real reason I stick with Steam is because apart from having some trouble with Valve's support, the only thing they've done that's really irritated me is L4D2's bugfixes
05and i can do fairly realistic
05jsut not in vector
The DA2 bans were for the games.
Some of the realism artists just blow me away.
Seth fails at typing bronychat, it seems
My head just explodes.
I am aware of this.
05indeed
05latest pinkamena for an examble
05p*
damn i never realized how bad seaquest was... at least season 2
EA isn't their parent, so they have no right to take their games away for their attitude.
There's a guy on youtube who puts up the clips of him drawing stuff start to finish.
And the end product looks so much like a photograph.
I look at the blank white page he starts with.
05those guys are isnane
And my head just fucking explodes.
it's even crazier when they hand paint it
It's bad when a company that sells you games can prevent you from playing them for your opinion.
I only watched one episode of it, and that's because I had a crush on Jonathan Brandis.
I think technically they may have that right, since you're only buying a temporary license to play the game.
well, it's often like that
i recently played tales of symphonia with a friend
They don't have the right.
six years ago, i loved that game
Huh. Chantelise.
now i think it's one of the dumbest things ever
How come?
They shouldn't have that right, but that's another thing
mostly because of the characters
Even if they do/did have the right to do that, suspending someone for stating an opinion doesn't look good.
If I bought something from a grocery store, and then cussed out the manager, do they have the right to take away what I bought?
Yeah, pretty stereotypical JRPG characters
But suspend them from playing their game?
That's not right.
also, the whole situation itself
A forum suspension, yes.
Game suspension, hell no.
basically, the world is ending
well you're not buying a license to eat a tomato :P
Indeed.
6I need to find that picture, a brushed Rainbow Dash in the clouds
and nobody really even seems to care.
Ah, I found the one I'm thinking of in this particular situation.
Yeah, I meant the game suspension.
The video.
It is as fucking insane as I remember it.
Because not everyone knows about it
That end product is a photo, I SWEAR IT!
they're like "Oh well. Time for some unfunny jokes!"
Apple won't close my iTunes account if I send them an angry letter.
yes, well, but they DO know about those stupid farms, which are basically concentration camps
there are more heavy hearted JRPGs if you're looking for one
MFW that only took 5.5 hours.
Holy shit.
Or stop me from listening my music.
This is just insane.
The modern AAA gaming industry is crap.
i know; i didn't mean to imply there weren't any
You don't own anything anymore.
Generally Tales of series isn't that special
Well, that's the problem with software copyright laws.
Except for their fun battle system
Wow, I forgot I had Portal on my steam account. . .*installs*
seth never posts anything important that I mail him
6. . . This song. . . . 3:
And the seller can tell you when you can and can't play the game for /any/ reason.
05its the hair dari
05the hair fools you
How the fuck does he do the hair?
O____________o
like this
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=josw4pxJcsc
It's...
IMPOSSIBRU!
Yeah, but the way EA and Ubisoft go about protecting their copyrights, they instigate piracy.
I agree that it sucks, and it shouldn't be legal
Yeah.
05also
05few things feels as weird as when you pull a sock on a sleepign foot
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
I think there should be legislation against draconian DRM.
Welcome back Fluttershy.. These brutes seem to have forgotten about you =o
Legitimate customers are punished, and pirates rewarded... kinda funny, really
05put'
Yeah.
yes
Also used game buyers are being punished now.
/me explodes.
whats that Oo
What the hell.
Even the single strands of hair look like they're from a photo.
But oh well
How does he do it? O__o
That's also one thing that really pisses me off
re: Capcom's splendid </sarc> save method for... that Resident Evil game on 3DS?\
05a paintbrush
Can't help that tales of symphonia is one of the only JRPGs on GC, LvS
0This is going to be a very painful two hours...
Stuff like the capcom thing really pisses me off. One time use codes for new copies not so much.
yeah, well, doesn't really matter nowadays.
6I'd like to make myself believe Equestria's, kind, puuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhnnnneeeeeee~~~
YFW the cat in the suggested videos for this video is NOT a picture.
True
That cat.
Seriously.
I gotta play Baiten Kaitos someday
how so, AllisZero?
NO
I thought it was a photo until I remembered seeing him draw it.
To be honest, Capcom hasn't really been making good decisions recently anyways
Don't ever play that
God damn,.
6MFW THIS SONG ON AFTER THE SOFT ONE
it's AWFUL.
Things EA, Activision, and Ubisoft piss me off enough that I don't buy from them at all.
How come?
05fittign wallpaper aswell
6x.x You blew my ears out Wrek ;A;
While we're on the topic of odd-sounding games
well, the story is stupid
I though Ubisoft had changed by removing their PC always-on DRM, but then they decided to bring it back.
Anypony in here played Super Robot Taisen: Original Generation?
and then there's this big gimmick of every single person having wings and being able to fly
Then they lie to PC customers with "From Dust."
but they NEVER do that when it'd be useful
6but your art is beautiful. . . <33
They did? How so?
one reason I prefer consoles, really
!moon
Grab my tail, Charlie_Horse!
Are you fucking shitting me?
05ok time for fucking epic
The cat was only TWO HOURS.
And these are only story-related issues?
tales of symphonia was fun
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-
They lied about the DRM on "From Dust."
well, mostly
I mean I know there are some XBLA and PSN titles with shitty DRM, but if you buy a disc you buy a disc, and that's that.
I never beat it though, I can never beat most single player rpg's =/
GGgala, really man? How many do you need?!
I refuse to accept that that is drawn.
the rest was okay, i suppose, but the story and the characters are just so stupid that it made me pretty mad
It's not possible.
God dammit.
lol, u mad dari?
I doubt it sinks to the level of Tales of Eternia
hey everypony I'm really sorry but I need to go yet again, but I will be back on in about an one and a half hours to two hours
More like astounded.
Um
Hmm
Bye Fluttershy
Don't click that
...
This is just amazing.
That's not what I thought I had ready for copypasta
05dari had a fanboi-gasm
Night everypony
the hay
later Fluttershy
Just a pic of Lyra
huthut I barely participated in the conversation and I'm saying good night
hurhur
It's a QR code link I looked at earlier
See ya, Fluttershy
Sorry, photo-realistic art always gets me.
XD
Could've been worse considering you linked something from Johnjoseco
what you might want to play is Wizardry 8
Anyone know a good torrent with pony musics?
0I'm feeling really crappy RobotPinkie
now that's a great rpg.
I was TRYING to link a specific point from episode 16
look at my party:
http://i56.tinypic.com/1ppk.jpg
soooo yup. ^^ Be back later! Also doing streamception today or so that's the plan I believe... bye!
0But I took the day off yesterday, don't want to go home early again today
There we go.
05enjoy some pink floyd
I only have like 20 pony songs on my PS3 atm :(
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20qW-w1fJFw&feature=player_detailpage#t=31s
MUCH better
ouch, sorry to hear that AllisZero
6See you soon Fluttershy! :3
!s2
Season 2 begins in 7d:17h:43m:08s
05and rainbowdash
Oh boy, that ponyfan fellow
/)^3^(\
I could post a screenshot of the finished product of this cat in the chat, say it was my cat and people would believe me.
o hai poniator
any new anim's :D
?
05prove_it_twilight.jpg
Ok.l
Haven't worked on any for a couple of days because of being sick
:c
I'm catching a cold myself
0It happens
Puch
Ouch*
I'm eating tons of halls candy
kinda reduces the sore
XD
And LvS, just as a quick drop on the Baiten Kaitos matter, it's just that I've a friend who generally likes the same type of JRPGs as me, so he suggested Baiten Kaitos to me
I was late at school yesterday coding.
So is it bad after seeing Trixie in french I wonder what they will do For Madam Le Flour in party of one.
Also Wednesday.
well, okay, that depends, i guess
probably just wasn't for me
Sure, story might be silly, but as long it's engagin enough so that I can keep playing, it's fine
Though, in some instances as Tales of Eternia I really forced myself to finish the game, just for the sake of finishing the game
hei mrponinator
Not once before has a game been as annoying with its characters as that one
For me, at least
mrponinator
Yeah?
i felt that way about Mana Khemia
se oon mä
I know, Ponyfan
i hate that game with a vengeance, but i had to finish it
ok ok
all the time i was like, "Well, this can't possibly get any dumber"
Funnily enough I know a fellow who liked Mana Khemia, though, admits the game has its flaws
but it did. so i HAD to keep playing, just to see HOW stupid it would eventually get.
Also, no matter how much people seem to like Persona 4, I don't find it that special
i wrote pretty much an essay of what's wrong with that game, about 8000 words long
I'd rather play it as a simdate game instead of being a JRPG with rather boring combat and dull dungeons
I miss the good ol' days of JRPGs
i've never played persona...
Like Final Fantasy 7-9
05will that suffice as a dashie banner?
And Legend of Dragoon
Golden Sun: The Lost Age is my favorite JRPG
YES
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
I for one do not miss those.
Looks good.
Not really that special plot, but the gameplay is pretty darn great
A million times over yes
The best dungeons in any JRPG, period
/me bounces around like Twilight Sparkle squeakscreaming 'yes'
in my opinion, the jrpg with the best story ever is Suikoden 2
05here goes then
JRPGs were good when I was young and had the patience to play the same dang battle a million times over.
*drool*
But now? Man, that's a repetitive way to do a game xD
You know that the best True Rune of all is the Souleater
Golden Sun is pretty good in terms that the combat is fast, but I guess that's given for a handheld title
My god, I loved Suikoden.
Final Fantasy IX, oh god the load times and slowness
Suikoden 2 was just icing on the cake
Great game, but replaying it years later reminded me how annoying the random battles can be
Suikoden 3 I've never played, Suikoden 4 was okay, and I've not played 5 either
I'm yet to play a Suidoken title
Who's your favorite Star Of Destiny?
Luc... I think.
......
Luc?
even though he's the bad guy in 3
.......
Luc?
why not?
But in terms of story in JRPGs, I'd say that something like Valkyrie Profile is there
Ugh
Valkyrie Profile
That was an interesting game
Surely
Especially Silmeria
but my favorite Stars are
1: Pahn
2: Viktor
The DS Valkyrie Profile title wasn't that bad either
Pretty fun strategy game
Lenneth?
I heard mixed things about it.
VP: Lenneth is a port of the PS1 VP to PSP
lenneth is terrible
and it's the only one i played
the DS strategy game is Covenant of the Plume
Silmeria is amazing.
my brother kept telling me the others are way better, and he's probably right
Hey.
Have I shown you guys my cat before?
but lenneth was just so bad, i really don't want to try any of the others.
What was so bad about Lenneth?
Give Silmeria a try.
Not that I am aware of.
Or Star Ocean
I don't think so...
Star Ocean Till the End Of Time
That was an amazing game
Even though I never beat it
Though, I do admit that it can be kinda weird
Ooh.
I'll upload a picture.
Or pretty darn unconventional
bbbbbbb
Super broed
lenneth was confusing, and that whole episodic thing made it pretty much impossible to explore freely
Meh.
since you were always on a timer
I also have a cat pic if you want to see it.
and WHY
Of my cat.
The only few I have on my computer are pretty small.
are there SAMURAIS
in a game about NORDIC MYTHOLOGY.
Oh well.
INB4 derpybot
With S2 screenshot
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Screeshot #2 From Season Two (http://tinyurl.com/3dwmykg)
NINJA'D!
GAAAAASP
Hey everypony!
hello
Hi, RDash :3
Well howdy ponies!
Eh, I didn't let samurais mind me
[20:32] INB4 derpybot
[20:32] * ApplejackOneandOnly (~xtyezswqx@protectedhost-775EF9A7.slkc.qwest.net) has joined #EquestriaDaily
[20:32] With S2 screenshot
[20:32] <DerpyBot> New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Screeshot #2 From Season Two (http://tinyurl.com/3dwmykg)
[20:32] NINJA'D!
Since the town they came from was supposed to be an asian-esque anyway
And I've seen way weirder and unfitting stuff so ah well
XD
XD
Is ya'll as excited as me fer Season two?
lol
Dem skype noises
oh god
chocolate rain
hihello
=X
huh?
the new screenshot
Wrek: Here we go
Hey, any reason why the stream is working on the 'dinkypage', but not the co.cc?
Let's see if they believe it. XD
I want a pony with a short tail and a loooooooooooong scarf
Awww~
[20:34] <Thunder_Dash> Awww~
Win
hi
RDash: Oh yeah, I need to set it up.
Ah, ok
And the only real thing I'd criticize about VP1:Lenneth is that the true ending is achieved in quite a weird way
Hello everyone
Hello
05hehe
so what's going on?
Howdy.
I'm on Dinkypage and all I get is a repeat of earlier with the Skype noises...
05mfw its the first time i draw rainbowdash
Just chillin'
If it is delayed for any reason
I'd probably explode and then explode again
can you do that?
And thus you prove you can explode twice
is it always like that?
Boy, Pinkie is all over these parts.
it just went pubic yesterday
im staff
I can't wait to tell her!
oh
no sound?
Hmm
our server name was miss printed
so its being a little slow
I wonder what other unconventional games I've on my shelf
6It is beautiful Wrek <#
6<3*
No sound.
what do you mean?
SOUND?
there's supposed to be a stream?
Then you should feel bad, and draw more Dash to make up for it.
:P
6and Dari, you troll~
I hear strange beeping noises.
6Though that kitty looks SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO real o.o
There'll be about 200-300 people in around 1 1/2 hours
Oh yeah, Boktai is rather unconventional
my friend tried to play boktai on an emulator
guess why that didn't work.
Ah yes.. The screenshot I have been waiting for
equestrian daily got out name wrong
they put bronychan.net
Because your mom was distracting him
...
The stream isn't up on either page for me...
!moon
Yeah.
Grab my tail, Solarstorm!
Suppose he didn't bother to get a cracked version
I was wondering why it was bronychan.
yeah, offline for me
lol ya
saw that in a comment
aye
but its cool though, we caught it pretty fast
Boktai was fun
what was that even a drawing of?
I have no idea
Until I wound up with sun poisoning from it
what a fool
I could nod and watch my forehead wobble
05what gives it away is the enviroment
http://imageshack.us/f/147/img4714hy7.jpg/ <- My cat (has no white whiskers now).
05definetly looks painted
aawwwwwwwww
i get a stream on dinky but not on co.cc
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-8oF4FPSQA&feature=related
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
good afternoom everypony ^^
KITTY!
Too bad it's starting to get darker in Finland each day now
well we can take a few tousand people
Can't really play Boktai unless I get an ultraviolet lamp
:3
so we hope to get a lot of people lol
its getting darker everywhere on the northern hemisphere
True dat
its so depressing
Yes.
But eh, I like winter
Katrina-Sharpie is her name.
aw kitteh :3
Just that not much for playing Boktai outside until spring
6Who is Stomper in Bronychat? o:
well lets home it doesnt get as bad as the last one
Well that's what you'll get when S2 starts.
:)
you know the winters the past couple of years got colder and colder each year
S2?
/me just got two kittens
ran out of excitement for s2 a week ago
Not that much different in Finland, except more snow
Lemme see if I can find any pictures of my cats...
So cute
and yet they scream to us about global warming and how we need to shovel billions of taxmoney to the carbonnazis so they can save the planet
/me was never a cat person
But a few years back there was hardly any snow
/me takes a deep breath and bursts into 'Winter Wrap Up'
Series 2.
I don't have any pics yet, one of them is sick :(
maybe I'll get some more on tuesday
Random: I've been thinking of how they'd hold magic contests in Equestria. Skill competitions and the like. It's surprisingly hard. Tournament style contests works, but I find that to be way too limiting.
season not series
probably won't get more than 100 or so
Series for me.
Hi RDash
I'm in the UK.
We're picking them up tomorrow
:>
Hi Rainbow_Dash
:<
Who knows, maybe that happens in S2 and we get to see Trixie!
afk
Also.. In that new S2 picture.. RAINBOW DASHS CUTIE MARK IS BACKWARDS
More than 100 for S2?
BRB
Playing Deus Ex: Human Revolution
:O
What are you smoking? :P
We get 200+ just for BMN.
na ay more than 100
on average
way
Deus Ex: HR is a great game, have fun :)
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/55797
Never played Deus Ex
Twilight told me this picture is about fluttershy Soul your_soul_is_mine demon
hi guys
Whether tis nobler in the eyes of the stomach to ingest tasty bread
oh my
yeah I'm done :P
hi
brb
Yo
Also... SWEETIE BELLE WHAT DID YOU DO TO THE CLOUDS?
EqD only has ~100 ponies in it on average, and they have a flash irc link on the main site
what are you guys chatting about ?
most kids these days just don't know what IRC is :/
Ponies and games, I suppose
and vanishing sunlight
SWEETIEPOO! OOPEITEEWS!
cool i cant wait untill season 2
true, but to sat we will only have a 100 is really not giving enough cred
dumb youtube -.-
indeed
Dumb Fabric :)
!s2
Season 2 begins in 7d:17h:16m:07s
hopefully our hard work to get this done (not so much mine, idk programmig) withh pay off
dumb rock
my flash player keeps crashing
That rainbow dash is a spy
Too long.
Currently listening to dem Mega Man music on YOuTube without a problem
Megaman soundtracks, woot.
Which, may I ask?
not so much programming, just server admin, unless you coded your own irc server ;)
keyboard sucks btw, please forgive some typos
ask Pontang
he did servers
and Awesomeshy did the site
what is this?
both did a lot of work, i come in after everything gets going really
..o.o
Rina Aiuchi - CODE CRUSH (Rockman X7 japanese theme) song currently
And why is there no sound?
im PR person lol
Going through these randomly
[NLR]Lucid Dari is tinkering methinks
Ah
oh new season 2 pic on the site.... brown rain?
yeah...brb...I'm gona get me a sammich
!link happy
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/23141
Dem chocolate rain
I think that's an old stream
It's a Gundam!
Managed to find an ooold picture of two of my cats on my Facebook of all places
http://i.imgur.com/aUBqt.jpg
Heheh, cute, Thunder_Dash.
Nice kittycat.
I just think you overestimate the tech literacy of most people, hard enough sometimes teaching ponies what an IRC client is sometimes
That comic is cute
Thanks ^^;
Thunder_Dash Daww
Um, Hi ya'll. ^^;
hi
Hi twilight
...*didn't realize the name cut off.
Hello Twilight
My cat's a monster... and that sound was horrible. :P
Heya Blaze
|D Two seconds in and I already imbares myself.
Heh
I regret to inform you that Rainbow Dash's cutie mark is backwards in that S2 picture
So what're you fellas doing?
I've uh, just kinda been enjoying MLP from affar for a while now and I thought I might dip a hoof into the fandom so to speak.
I'm still not seeing the stream... Going to refresh
Alrighty, that's cool
welcome to the herd!
well i guess we will see, we have high hopes
im hoping youll be here
Thanks. ^^
/me watches schadenpony
if your right we need al the help we need and every pony counts
Yes, Welcome to the herd.
Is the stream actually up? On Dinkypage I just see the UStream recording, on co.cc it says "Offline"...
Be wary of parasprites and love and tolerate the shit out of everyone
well, I will at least until I get unbanned from the EqD channel
o.o
if you do you will go there instead?
05i second that idea
I'll at least idle in both
http://miburl.com/TaEpI1 <-- My cat.
*nods* Will do and thanks.
cause IRC, it is made for idling!
well your always welcome here
indeed it is lol
oh
And careful of some of the fanfic
Some of it is DEMENTED
Like that one my friend tells me about staring Pinkie?
And well, checking out fanfic really depends if that's your thing
*shivers* Ya, not a fan of horror.
That'd be Cupcakes
yes, be careful of what you read
Also 'ware Rocket To Insanity
D'awwww~ XD
i dont usually idle though, i wait around and convers with people
Can derpybot be setup to recognize instances of Cupcakes in 24h ours periods? I haven't seen the law broken yet
That's one cute fur pile
gets boring lol
which is why i hope lots of ponies come
You know, if you don't want people to read some fanfic, why is it necessary to bring them up every now and then?
well, can't be active in all my channels at once
Heh... it's attacking my chair right now. It was even cuter as a kitten...
very true
http://miburl.com/GU9Fxx <-- Kitten pic
just be sure to come by us often ;D
brb, gonna feed it.
I don't like or want to check out a lot of stuff, but I don't bash myself about it
I just said their names
Same reason you look down when ponies tell you not to
Not the stuff in it
I don't want them to accidentally stumble onto them and get mentally scarred
You're being too sappy Stomper.
:x
Ugh, Accounting book is not the best reading in the world.
!s2
Season 2 begins in 7d:17h:00m:18s
na im not
True, but you'd rather let it sink with not talking about it
just want new peopel to feel welcome
you know
Though, that fic will likely never sink, but oh well
honey and not vinigar
or something
Colgate: why did you get banned from the Equestria channel?
idk i didnt sleep last night
Season 2! <3 Really hope we see more Sweetie Bell.
oh ya do tell
And Luna.
I hope we get more of me!
an op disagreed with my opinion on anon comments on EqD posts
well, more Luna, less OnTheMoon
I see
XD
more luna yay
I'm sure it's not good for eating, either - there's no accounting for taste.
if they hadn't resorted to insults before banning me, it wouldn't be so bad
oh, not so contraversal lol
Hmm
but, it just sounds like "I'm an op, so fuck you"
People can be like that.
http://pastebin.com/56Nu0k4F
brb
probably not very exciting, but meh
I hope we get more of everypony!
Because everyone knows everypony is the best pony
wb
hi
Hello
He's preparing a massive wall of text to explain how much he loves it
:o
Oh wow.
hey
I miss my mom's old cat. :( http://i.imgur.com/gYCox.jpg http://i.imgur.com/7lbd8.jpg
Luna was better :(
That's pretty well done for certain
This one is shinier
This one is very, very impressive
So what's going on?
But Luna makes everything better
That's a beauty. Reminds me of the kitten my neighbor abandoned a bit over a week ago, that we were taking care of until 2 days ago, when I placed it.
not much
Trixies gonna trix
she looks like she thinks she's in a smash bros game
Ended up falling asleep earlier. I always hate when I oversleep on naps. :(
How do I direct-thumbnail it, just paste the image URL?
yes
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20qW-w1fJFw&feature=player_detailpage#t=644s
http://a4.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc7/307724_282256511789238_100000146743751_1310170_5849035_n.jpg
lol
two days ago I had ~7 pages of writing for english, most of it was late, and it would be checked today
Pinkie Pie
somehow got it does with minimal stress
gingerale: cause seth isnt omnipotent
05while i fetch a sandwich
05ValtheJean
05VioletVanilla
?
He's powerful enough to update the blog whenever he wants
05say what you think :D
Lyra may or may not have helped
Sorry, got some stuff I URGENTLY have to do now.
