True
And wouldn't that really apply to all of 'em?
I would've actually though Rainbow dash would see in her other Everything she hated in herself
It really depends on their personalities
Nah. Rainbow Dash she's the talent and potential more than anything.
Well, yeah, RD's nature doesn't make her go for her counterpart
AJ comes from a Big ol' extended family
*sees
Oh well, I'mma readin' this chap now
And AJ met Applebuck before her alternateuniverse self.
Plus, she doesn't get the benefit of her opposite having a different name
Rarity is just a romantic at heart
I don't think you could;ve possibly kept her away from herself
It becomes a lot more creepy on a fundamental level when your opposite gender counterpart still bears the same name
True
the logs you say? http://www.drtoy.com/images/construction/clip_image038.jpg
Though Applejack is afairly gender neutral name
Rarity KNEW she would fall for herself, and ASSURED her own success because she knows herself that well.
So, yeah, she was perfect for that.
LAWGS
Their parents probably just said, ROIGHT. next one we get.
is gunna be applejack
Lol
what's going on in this thr- oh lawgy!
Twi's Sibling realationship towards herself, i think is brilliant
Roight? I don't think southern accents work like that... XD
Australia is a sothern counrty
people round her say ROIGHT
occasionally
When I say southern, I mean Southern USA
So, ah... can anybody explain the Magneto thing to me?
13Ponies still be talkin a little. :P
eh
*goes and.. you know.. beats up the master hand without getting hurt cause of his limited moveset*
13Octavia is off to bed now. G'night ponehs! <3
It was a "You had to have been there moment" in the Bronyville Marathon.
Theres a link to what the hell it means ion EDaily's front page now
Check out the EqD main page,.
There should be a link with the recording.
GOOODNAIGHT
goodnight Octavia :D
ffffffuuu
I love Twilight/dusks relation with themself
Hoo. (Channel stats page updated! View at: http://kamek.piiym-net.com/chromadancer )
so much
bahahaha
insane
My cat has hiccups
I do too, Lordly
It make SO much sense
everyone she's loved has BEEN a familiaril sort of connection
I think that meeting somewhere in the middle, at a sibling platonic relationship, is EXACTLY what Twilight would do.
Spikes like a brother to her, ol' Lesty is somewhat like a mother
but more like... your mothers Awesoe best freind
Motherly, but not YOURS.
Also, I liked that the author touched on how the huge amounts of respect and adoration and love for the mentors really is put into a different perspective when they think of them as the opposite sex.
Why is my cat like.. so evil.
so, nt stifling, but you can always go to them for advice
indeed
from my understanding.. that's normal for an RP
Especially when they're exeedingly attractive
I think their dreams may get a little tainted
^.^
I REALLY want a sequel that allows interaction between Solaris and Twilight, and Celestia and Dusk.
Me too
Cuz I think their interactions would be adorable
I just want to see moar.
Mooooaaaaar
I think if that happens, the adorability will just go throuh the roof
Oh no. It's Magneto.
har
sometimes not
sometimes yes
insane rps are good ones
i WILL LIKELY DIE OF dIABEETies
Howdy
I'm in your streams. Trolling your Gala
Shuddupshuddupshuddup it's still downloading.
DUCK YOU, CAPSLOCK!
DUCK YOU TO SOEWHERE UNPLEASANT!
/me wonders what his filly version's name would be.
And you just KNOW Trollaris and Trollestia would creep into the interactions, with the monarch totally messing with Twilight and Dusk's heads.
i actually don't usually RP pretty much ever.. could you tell?
....S8nerk*
/me covers his ears with Luna_In_Socks' socked hooves to drown out Lordlyhour's shouting.
I wonder what manluna's name'd be?
Artemis
>implying ‘anypony have any ideas on what my filly version's name would be?’
Latest chapter says it.
It's in the end of Chapter 11
so much unrefinery
I dunno what mine'd be either
BlacklightWashingDishes
BlacklightShining = WhiteSomethingDimming
Artemis. And the opposite for NMM is Anarchy Apollo.
then again, I dunno what my colt name would be
nyehehehe
ha ha ha, FallSilently
Not exactly the best names, but they're okay
hehe tis ok
Apollo is a name of asun god
Efreet: you basically /reversed/ my name…
chapter 11 isn't out yet
Yes it is. On FimFiction
] SO WAT IS UR FAV PONY
http://www.fimfiction.com/story/755/On-a-Cross-and-Arrow
http://www.fimfiction.com/story/755/11/On-a-Cross-and-Arrow/Part-11:-And-Back-Again.
Click Here To Unleash Magneto's Powers!
Chapter 11
oh boy
I'll have to read it at some point
later
Already read. That's why we're talking about it. ^_^
/me clicks Magneto, unleashes Pinkie Pie's party instead.
How did that happen.
anywhoof, any other id—OMG I BETTER GET OUT OF HERE BEFORE SPOILERS
/me drops out
you've already been spoiled.
Nah, we won't spoil it.
/me laughs
Anymore than we already have, that is
Magneto party with Pinkie Pie?
XD
6th closest to being quoted, hella YES!
eh, time to sleep anyway
also, i;'ve cracked the four thasands
'night everypony
Night
Click Magneto to say Good Night
Night
is there anyway to mute somepony?
Who would you like to mute?
I'm just joking around lol
never mind
I le figured it out
If I'm that annoying, I'll stop :3
guess that's a yes D: my shattered dreams! i guess i'm gonna become a piano man and sing yall a song cause i'm the piano man and when you're all in the mood for a melody i'll have you feeling alright
Idle question
Pinkie/berries relationship was awesome
/me 8the worst mod comes out of hiding.
just freinds, who can practically tread each other's minds
buck it, this conversation is going on /right now/ and it probably won't happen again
Synros, is it me?
probably not
sleep is ovverrated anyway
Also, there better be a sequel cuz the thought of Fluttershy and Butterscotch not getting a proper date (for the others to screw up with their attempts to spy on them) would be heartbreaking.
8wat Silvermane?
indeed
:D
angel/angelica meet each other
8<---worst mod
::Bad end::
if no one gets the reference.. it's a reference to the song piano man
8Im trying
Plus, I want all of the opposites to meet each other and their reverse-siblings
I'd be happy to see The Mane 6 Stallions, going to the Mane 6 Mare's world, and just hanging out, possibly freaking the CMCs out.
Spike and Spines meeting each other would be brilliant
8so you guys enjoy your RP session there?
"OH MY GOSH, TWO RAINBOW DASHES?!"
!s2
Season 2 begins in 6d:01h:44m:17s
and Spike's reaction to Elusive
would be awesome
well since i was beating up Fluttershy.. heck no
I have a feeling they would both tam up to break up Elusive and Rarity, and after failing, start liking each other instead.
"I'm SO CONFLICTED!"
*
team
8thats not very nice.
blargh
...
8you ok poor Fluttershy?
lol
Wait, y'know how in a dog and pony show, theres the dream sequence of Macho spike?
/me wonders what would happen if the Bucketeers got stuck in an alternate genderswap universe
as long as I have Silvermane to make it all better? Then... yes. :3
amazon Spines?
indeed
/me quickly chloroforms BlacklightShining
8I'll be having a talk with your parents MeteorVenture
*Dragging off Elusive* Time for SnuSnu
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/40803
XD
Twilight told me this picture is about Dusk_Shine silver_spoon genderbent big_macintosh Celeste (and 21 more)
you win the internet
that might cause interesting events with the Blacklight-Freeze-Blacklight'sopposite-Freeze'sopposite thing
's Porn section
it wasn't my fault D: Fluttershy attacked me first
Aw yeah.
Silvermane will you be the judge of that? >>
8dude, her nose is bleeding, and she was blarghing....
We only got a passing description of Mackenzie, didn;t we?
wondering how they;d deal with each other?
she's just taking lessons from nigel
The only thing wrong with the pic is that Applebuck is supposed to wear a reversed red ballcap
Probably just get along fine
This Magneto thing is cracking me up.
I prefer the Pink Bnadanna though
Because y'get the feeling what they wear tend to be heirlooms
Man, Reverse-Gilda looks like one hell of an angry beast
the thing is, a Blacklight x Blacklight's opposite would never happen (at least not /because/ of Blacklight), because of Freeze
actually... blegh...
huh? what? She's innocent... case dispersed... zzzzz
She's that scary?
I agree that the pink bandana is more fitting
never mind
Hellew Octavia.
Efreet x Efreet's Genderswap
wat
/me lets out a very gay sounding squee and Stalluna
Hi, Octavia.
he's tired, I'm tired... so much pomfing...
8hmm not much to do at 4am is there
>>
Hi Octy
5:20 am now
tired
need sleep
Tell me, Octavia. Do you like mmmmmmOn a Cross and Arrow?
regenerate for more pomf
8if only I wasn't on a laptop I'd stream something.
arch, I need a /name/ for this hypothetical filly
argh *
I can't keep saying ‘Blacklight's opposite’, it'll drive me /crazy/
night beyeetchs
Dusk looks like an absolute Plothole
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAHHHH
i was just shipping me and Fluttershy for science and she karate chopped me
Hello, everypony
night Fluttershy
Night Shine?
evening glow?
do i? i am not sure yet, i have not had a time to read it
hey anyone a mod here?
you gotta believe me guys
Ebon Glow
Please do. The author just finished it.
anyway goodneight Fluttershy :D
i am a mod.
soundslike it might work
Very nice story.
8nitenite
Nightglow...?
I need an actual pony-name.. FFFFF-
and, Efreet, taking a cue from the OCA names, it wouldn't be WhiteSomethingDimming, because that's BlacklightShining /reversed/
i will give it a read when i have some time
Its very good
btw tho I am going to bed not closing chat... I am turning into ghost nao... night!
if Twilight Sparkle – Dusk Shine…
by the story
alrighty
those are synonyms
Nightglow Radiance... I dunno, I'm just brainspewing.
I know. I just felt like trying to invert your name. But I couldn't think of a different word for light.
.-.
Blegh, Firefox crashed
8a Flutterghost...oh gawd
It sounds as though Butterscothch's voice is FLutterguy
I don't think si
and vice versa
*so
i will give it a read when i have time, right now i have two large projects i need to finish pretty quickly
Although, I like the "ButterBabe" reference
no hard feelings (turns from shipfic into sadfic)
because Spines makes a remark the Fluttershy's voice is just like Butterbabes
/me runs off to try and make an actual ponyself.
Ah, well, whenever you have time, of course.
FallSilently: I might keep that
That sounds a little TOO frufru though
i saw they wanted voice actors, which would have been great to try out for
like your parents were trying to make up for something
just.. no time. fuuuu
we know its hideous, so have a pretty name :D
While I noted that myself, I don't think Butterscotch wouldn't have a voice so clearly unfit for his design.
Hrrm
Darkblaze Gleaming
again, too overthe top
Ohmygosh...
Blacklight Shining – Darkblaze Gleaming
I just realized...
yeah?
now it sounds like your parents were NMM cultists
Coltists, lul
XDX
haha
This means there needs to be an "Evil Enchantress - ButterBabe version"!
That ending for On a Cross and Arrow was pretty cute
nah though i don't really like ships much anyway for the record.. combat me bro's
my god
8ic
It MUST BE DONE!
Lordlyhour: wait, was that in response to Darkblaze?
Except it would be "Evil enchanter
yes, yes it was
…aww
I rather liked it
:(
okay, i must be off again. back in about an hour
8p
cya oc—
well some.. but not most in this fandom lol
he's an evil enchanter who does evil.. dnater?
lol dnater
shuttup
He's and evil enchanter, and a villainous dancer
He's an evil enchanter, he spouts evil banter.
Wow.
Lordlyhour: can I at least keep the Gleaming part?
Greaming is good
Merely A Mare deserves 6 stars and a commendation thing.
:3
I want moar.
gleaming
Merely a Mare?
/yess/
now
you know what I mean
I just finished reading it so far.
What's it about?
I love Luna even more now, if thats possible.
He's and evil enchanter, and a villainous dancer, he'll hypnotise you with his magical banter
Its technically a shipping fic, but its very light.
Continue song as normal I think
Its about Luna making amends with the element.
*elements
Oh, dear. More fanon Luna. I hope these fic authors aren't too let down when she gets more screen time.
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/05/story-merely-mare.html
Hrrm
8wanna sing a song?
There will be Nerdrage
This fanon Luna is fantastic.
Ah, I recall seeing this
I skipped past it.
On account of the shipping
I was skeptical and skipped past it a few times.
But its REALLY good.
sure depends on the song
Unless the Writers REALLY went out of their way to bend for us (god I hope not) there is going to be a lot of fanon trod on
/me <----- Doesn't read shipping samesex shipping. Nothing against it, I just prefer het shipping.
Reeeead it.
Though I hope if it trods on any of the fun stuff, people'll continue to write it
hmm.. what could i sing?
Darkbeam Gleaming
NYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYANYAN
Sounds like some sort of spaceship/weapon thing
/me needs to think of a cutiemark.
Orbital Friendship Canon?
Darkwing Ducking?
:P
WHAT, THE ZORGULONS ATTACK, DARKBEAM, GLEAMING NOW!
8idk yu pick on
8no not that one
Engage!
Seriously though, Mason_Trowel. I see you on here like every day and I will keep bugging you.
I still like Darkblaze Gleaming~
:D
and then there were no Zorgulons
sorry for speed purposes i had to take the rythm out.. and sing in monotone
I
...Well, I AM on here everyday...
She sounds really evil, though....
Try to cut it by a syllible
I'm hungry and tired.
what? why?
So, I suppose...with that threat in mind I can give it a chance.
or try to reverse the Order
it's the same number of syllables…
You won't regret giving it a chance.
/me inserts a tube into Spose's mouth that ejects nourishment and sleep.
Well, spose, get something to eat and then scootaloo off to bed.
hmm.. baby baby baby
black•light•shi•ning
dark•blaze•glea•ming
Blacklight shining, feminize Shining Blacklight
or something
How are you people still up? Its 4:30 for me.
Gleaming Darkblaze?
You guys must run on friendship and ponies.
It's 4:30 for me also
7:31 PM
Spose, the magic of different timezones/
And because ponies.
I've only been awak 12 hours
*thbpbpbpb*
RThat sounds slightly less evil
8do you wanna die?
I woke up at 4:30 pm
OHHHH right
Get rid of the Darkblaze
…
ITZ EVUL
Well, guess I can see why you'd be aw crap forgot about college
DAMN YOU PONIES
lol
XD
No
…oh
BLESS YOU PONIES!!
i'm thinking.. but till i think of something i'm just messing around
because there is no pony hell
College, college...
I can kinda see how it might sound a /little/—
/me has been shot
/me snaps their fingers
That sounds vaguely familiar
OH SHIT
Goodnight sirs and madams.
'night Spose
Lol
8lol i know
g'night
oh, too late
eh
I'm glad I haven't started college yet. Still need to get in touch with the government people to start on my GI Bill college funding.
8hmm ok this idea sucks, what else can we do?
Darkray Gleaming
Blacklight Gleaming
umm…
actually I like that
sort of, I'm lazy
but it works
without sounding evi;
which one?
Jetblack Radiance? It's not a direct synonym, and neither is Butterscotch.
Blacklight Gleaming
ehh…
ooh, Fall
FOREEEEEEVER
is good one
It can also be something that SOUNDS similar.
but the syllables…
okay, Jetblack…
Radiance just sounds quite feminine, despite the extra syllable.
…but the thing is…
FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Dude'
Jetblack seems to different from Blacklight to me
too *
FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Dusk Shine doesn't have as many syllables as Twilight Sparkle
:V
had a very disappointing encounted in my dnd session yesterday :/
can you stop with wahtever it is you're doing to get all this stuff
…oh yeah huh
…but the thing is…
encounter*
the stuff around the edges
because it makes what you're saying hard toread
those are ellipses
ah
your client must be misparsing them
well, they don't work on my damn IRC client
switch the encoding to UTF-8
2^
I'll try to avoid using them
...how?
for now
/me uses ASCII encoding because I can
I'll just not use them for now, and then we'll figure out how to change your client's encoding later
in the meantime, we have a few minutes to all agree on a name
mmkay
8.....
Hnngh. Need to think of a cutiemark for me. ;-;
I use KVIrc
8spam
the way that you.. embrace me with your strong and powerful arms.. your haunting words keep me close to everything about you.... romantic in ways.. in ways that almost tear upon my heart can't let you go.. don't you know.. io sono prigionera! a captive in your gentle hands.. a prisoner of your soulful eyes.. your special smile.. we'll never part!
8no good
and a name. But the name can come -after- I get my cutiemark. .-. hnngh
I need to think of a name for my pony
8FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
~"He's an evil echant-ah, and a villainous dance-ah. If you look into his eyes, he is gonna entrance ya. Then what will he do, he'll mix up an evil brew, and gobble you up in a big tasty stew. Sooooooo, watch out!"~
darn it, why there no synonyms for ‘blacklight’?
Colloquy, X-Chat and irssi. Depending on the situation
>:(
if the morning sun should free me! it really wouldn't let me go.. i'd still be caught inside your love.. can't rise above.. the chains of your heart
Ultra Violet?
Ultraviolet-
..
DAMN IT
8idk this one
or whatever sort of Light A Blacklight makes use of?
/me punches
/me *facehoof*
NINJAAAAAAA'D
Ultraviolet Gleam?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymyFffdMmOw
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Record of Lodoss War - English Opening &amp; Ending [High Quality]" - "Record of Lodoss War - English Opening &amp; Ending [High Quality] (c) 1990 Madhouse Studios http://www.veoh.com/watch/v15076876ZsbhMbKJ"
Yup
Me likey
Duck your shut, Lordlyhour.
me meh-y
Ultraviolet sounds bad, though.
Duck. Your. Shut.
Violet by itself, maybe.
Ultraviolet sounds like that failure of a movie.
...that makes NO sense
i actually sung that in a tinychat once.. true story
What color are you Blacklight?
black
XD
because it makes no sense to call yourself Violet if you're black
and a really dark purple in some places
not the ending though
Deep purple!
I love that band
e.e
most of that was from memory
And Violet works based on color rather than light type. Also "Black light" is not possible. A black light gives off violet light.
*dismissive hoofwave* that's not the point
8ah
But it IS, Blacklight. You're being a picky picky-pants. :P
Don't Synonimise
…oh
/me quits Dictionary
go or something that is barely related
or not even related at all
i gotta watch that anime again.. i did when i was really young apparently but i don't hardly remember it
Can't think of anything.. But, you should do an Applejack with Blacklight.
?
Blacklight Something
Nothing saying your parents wouldn't have named you something completely different if you were a girl
What were the Male 6's names?
Since Applejack is Applejack.
Applejack, Elusive, Duskshine, Butterscotch, Rainbow Blitz and..
are you implying there should be a Blacklight x Applejack?!
hell, nothing saying your parents wouldn';t have named you the exact same thing
Bubble Berry
true
I think
Is the "Shining" really part of your characters actual name? Cuz I find a present-tense verb to be a bit odd for a name. No offense, of course.
eeyup
And no, I'm not implying that. I'm just saying, Blacklight (Something else)
Bubble Berry? That's nothing like Pinkie Pie but hits the same core.
[04:43] Efreet: Can't think of anything.. But, you should do an Applejack with Blacklight.
I meant this ^
Four syllibles is a bit odd for a pony name IMO
a bit long
whatevs
it's already in a bunch of account names and stuff
He didn;t even specify WHICH applejack
I know. But what I meant, was how Applejack is still Applejack.
not about to change it over that
oh
that's where Blacklight Gleaming came from
:P
Don;t change it in anything'
Blacklight Shining – Blacklight Shining?
8mhm
Yeah. Blacklight Gleaming - Blacklight Shining.
Yeah, pretty much. You have a difficult name to convert, but it is also pretty gender-neutral.
Darkness' Radiance
You don't really need to change it for a filly version
Radiant Darkness
umm what?
(new suggestions)
Again, NMM cultist vibes there
thbpbpbpb
IMO, you should just drop the shining bit for your pony name
but another thing i got to watch.. is the mirai nikki anime whenever it happens
you don't need to change your usernames
need cutiemark idea for a unicorn.
fffff-
just use a shortened version
Blacklight is usually taken, though
eeyup
use the name Blacklight shining to sign up
and then in any time you need to Pony RP
/me locates torrent for Lodoss
and I'm not about to Blacklight8241 or something
Drop the Pinkamena Diane, in other words. Just for fiction.
Just use Blacklight
Exactly Fall
The man Knows what I'm talking about
so we have Darkblaze Gleaming, Jetblack Radiance, Blacklight Gleaming, Ultraviolet Gleam, Violet Gleam, and Darkness' Radiance
Sign up as BlacklightShining, but just use the blacklight portion when RPing and such.
succinctly put
anypony knows the spell to prevent internet connection losses? :<
dropping the two Violets
Michael89pl: I wish
I do
I hid it on mars
when you finds it, Wow.
that leaves Darkblaze Gleaming, Darkness' Radiance, Jetblack Radiance, and Blacklight Gleaming
Its so obvious
Phonetically, "Darkness' is very awkward.
(nine minutes)
And you don't have a single pomy who's name is possesive either
!s2
Maybe changing it to something like "Darkness Radiant."
Season 2 begins in 6d:01h:09m:05s
morning everypony
even then
Also, Darkness is a no-no word in OC-making across almost every fandom in existence
Darkly Radiant?
It is a word that tends to reek of MarySue-dom
it sounds, I'll say again, like you're an NMM cultist
you say that—everything!
>:)
>:( *
thats because its true
How about just "Obsidian?"
blacklight shinging, sounding feminine
Obsidian
My name shall be...
Obsidian Radiance
Obsidian has a nice ring to it.
nyus
Super Awesome Kickass Wonderpony the 10th.
That's nice
Lordlyhour sees no problems in thos
Blacklight Shining – Obsidian Radiance
I wouldn't put a seconf word with "Obsidian," it's already four syllables.
Mason_Trowel seconds
Um, I meant to second Lordly's comment
make sure you get the dub if you don't know japanese lol
all in favor say aye
It doesn't really matter all that much.
aye
aye
8hey RobotPinkie
<.<
8hows are you?
brb
Most of the time, the Surname is left off anyway
all opposed say neigh
aye
MOO!
lol
>.>
Obsidian Radiance it is
anyone wanna help me name me?
male, magenta Pegasus with a brown mane and a perpetually worried face
because magenta?
What's your Cutie Mark, Lordly?
It equals power, baby
A An open book, with a scroll placed like a Bookmark
I'm a NEDASUS!
Nerdasus**
Hmmm
To think of your own cutie mark...
I guess i'm a blank flank.
(I also need a nickname…)
My own name was thought up for an OC pony that is in no way myself.
Heh
Its funny
you always see aplty named ponies
Il y a quelqu'un?
/me is named for a 56 year-old archeologist professor pony who lives in Canterlot and has an archeologist's Masonry Trowel for a Cutie Mark
I can't think of a cutiemark for myself .-.
why don;t you see many Dirt poo "Meteoricly Successfuls?"
/me for some reason, was reason Mason_Trowel as Mason_Towel, because he's stupid like that.
RobotPinkie: i'm ready i'm ready
poor**
Fuck I hate my spelling
You aren't the only one, Efreet
XD
/me IS dirt poor
Let's make our own CMC, Efreet
Back. Nickname for what?
Archeology isn't a good paying job in equestria in the story I had planned for him
Because the world is fully mapped, and has existed in a perpetual stagnancy for thousands of years
Melodic Bree shall be My pegasus!
okay, 'night everypony
Good night
Good night, blacklight
and he has not a single musical bome is his body!
hah!
/me wins
FATALITY!
bye Blacklight
here have some music http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eaPhuP4ROUQ
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Ernies - Here &amp; Now (Tony Hawk´s Pro Skater)" - "The Ernies - Here &amp; Now Tony Hawk´s Pro Skater Lyrics: The buzz of electric lamplight From down on the sidewalk You struggle, grasp your night-shirt and turn..."
Hmm
So it seems I'll scrap most of the work I've done in mah ponymation now in favor to switch the characters to be more fitting
Is your pony a good flier, Lordly? Or does he fly as well as a box of rocks?
hrrm?
Oh, he fly quite well
I still haven't forced myself into this What if?- story.
not Rainbow good
Well, there goes my idea for a name
He does Have Derpeyes though
Maybe I'll use it for a different original pegasus...
so he crashes occasionally
Suggested name?
Rocky Boxes?
my god
there has to be a Pegasus called Rocky Boxes
and he has to get shipped with pinkie
The name was gonna be Newton Slaw, a pun on "Newton's Law". Specifically, his law of gravity. Pegasi are known for defying it. Good ol' Newton...not so much.
Newton Slaw
I like that
I really like that
newton was a dick
Curse you, me, for being a better flyer than allows for puns!
Lol
Morning erryone
8well that was rude of robotpinkie
Hellew
Good morning Lunasta
Morning Loonies, Loopie Lunasta!
You could have the name, you know. Just change up your character to be a completely incapable flier. Gives him a good reason to stay inside with books.
Morning, Lunasta.
Naw
He's already made himself
If I make a character, I cannot unmake
Lordly, feeling a little alliterative today?
Nothing new for him
otherwise they walk ALL around my head, making dicks of themselves and asking me why Ineed to replace the,
Nah
And hmm
Just Paraphrasing Harry Potter
Peeves, specifically, when He was mocking Luna Lovegood
Super Filly Adventure makes me wonder if I should code a pony game after I'm done with this ponymation
Hmm...now I really need to think up a design for Newton
...I am SUCH a nerd
I do know a fair share of coding, so it wouldn't be much of a problem
Lordly: Harry potter is relatively mainstream.
/me le gasps at the latest Nightly Roundup
True
Meetup in Fullerton?
Lunasta, what's so gaspy?
Oh, okay
Close
really close
You live nearebye, I guess
I know people are all saying a Nevada meetup that isn't in vegas will happen eventually... but I WANT IT NAOOOOOO!
I want a brony meetup in Finland, damnit
Mason: Organize it then
Well, there are going to be some
hey everybrony.
But they aren't done organizing the one close to me
8morning Dermathil
I couldn't possibly get the money to do so. Plus, there are zero bronies in my town other than myself.
I'd have to manually search in Reno.
I suppose I could email Sethisto requesting he post up an all-call for Northern Nevada bronies on EqD, but I don't know how much response it would get.
soliek
MrPoniator there is really gonna be one in Finland?
http://ponimiitti.net
So like. I just made a "me" pony.
.-.
Ok, that was unexpected..
Can't think of a name. Who wants to see it?
Sure
Send it over
http://img215.imageshack.us/img215/8760/tawmpony.png
/me chose a spiral cutie mark for no reason. probably because it seemed magically inclined at the time.
What's the cutie mark representing?
He be one chocolatey pony.
Ah, ok
Chose brown, since well.. My hair is a -deep- brown.
You could just call him Spiral.
A symbol like that makes me think he may enjoy researching symbols and runes
Well. I do like researching.
So, yeah. Let's go with that!
or hypnosis
A pony who's special talent is reading and researching on ancient symbols/runes.
They need one for those
WE NEED THOSE EQUESTRIAN LETTERS TRANSLATED ASAP
So he is a Unicorn all right...
Yes
Sure, the symbolic letters they use in the show are probably just to break the language barrier when taking the show to non-English countries, but still
the minute we do you know we're going to start messaging each other in Equestrian right?
Everything I think of sounds too cheesy/dumb
Need a name for him. ffff-
Probably
But Spiral Horn is the one I have the guts to post
That may be too horn-ey
hah. Punny.
how about calling him Metronome?
Hrm..
Bry Fireant
Eloszka.
Not sure if it fits with the talent
Spiral Rune?
That could work
Hrm.
I find the names hard to think of since they seem to relate to one's talent while remaining name-like
Back
I maintain their more luck than anything
Not with all of 'em, but yeah
or Ponies have soothsayers
Heh, Efreet. Nice try to pass me.
BUT YOU MISSED!
:c..
FOiled!
By 1.
http://thelordlyhour.tumblr.com/
;D
You should read this
FOREVER!
hmm, my quote makes me wonder what I was talking about
Or, y'know just long enough for you to get an idea. and then ask questions
NEEED input
Gonna go shave. bbs
You;'re Quoted, Colgate?
heres some input by me
use some line breaks -.-
Lordlyhour: on the stats page :P
what are these.. "line Breaks" you speak of?
\n
ha
...n?
just me being nerdy :P
/me 8pats Meteorventure on the back. "Its ok, buddy."
it will all be better when season 2 arrives
Hey Bronys.
Gee, I wonder what should I do with all the iPhones I keep winning on my e-mail..
What's going on over there <--
Haha
hmm, only 23 messges in my junk folder atm
I haven't been getting any spams like that in the past two years, to my surprise
/me stabs his internet
Hi there!
pretty much all I get is WoW account phishing
But really, why do I have 5k unread emails on my old main email account?
Seems like 20 of 'em came today
only problem is... I haven't owned a wow account in over a year, lol
Hey there Zjemwas
Spam perhaps MrPoni?
looks like a name
8hey anon
of course it is spam -.-
8oh btw MV your an OP in my eyes.. :3
Lunasta, nope
Well it was either that or a stalker :P
All of it is actually something worth-a-while, but just that they're more or less automated messages I can check through other sources
lols thanks Synros
so when i try to ban people.. are you unable to see their posts for the remainder of their ban?
Oh auto-messages. That can explain it.
Yeah
!s2
And some emails from buddies and colleagues
Season 2 begins in 6d:00h:28m:33s
my god!
only half an hour!
Set your e-mail's filters up so that you can actually tell if you have real mail
til season 2 is 6 days away!
GASP!
But most of the time they happen to just say what they sent on IRC or so forth, and I go check if it's a file I gotta grab
Anybody able to help me out?
and now I've made my running gag for the night
I GO!
/me trips awwww I missed
But yeah, it's my old "main"
I use it for registration and spam purposes mostly
Wow this is -really- annoying.
My internet seems to disconnect me.
What is?
Ah, alright
Nvm. Found a help tutorial.
What ya needed help with?
Hnngh. Need a name for my pony.. Rune Something would be nice..
Rune Seeker?
lolsorry, Synros, emergency phone call
Hrm.. Rune Seeker.. ;o..
8lol hey Pinkie
is it fire pony?
gratz, btw!
/me le gasps
8when you ban someone they cannot get onto the chat
No.
http://img215.imageshack.us/img215/8760/tawmpony.png
Balloons lost his spot alongside Shai in the rankings!?
8not unless their bann is appealed, which u have to go through the BronyStaff first
Does anyone know any other fanmade pony games except Story of the Blanks?
rankings are serious!
8then they decide if/when you can come back
I sure made that sentence sound too complicated...
and now, I return!
8thx Pinkie
Because my dad isn't working tommorow
/me trips Lordly as he enters
Whoops.
and that means i don[t need to go to bed so he wonpt notive
Yeah, a new one was posted on EqD yesterday, TheSonicRainboom
/me dances around the foot with grace and poise
How is everypony?
Or whatevr it was that was used to trip him
Arcana Runesharp? .-.
Does that sound silly?
/me grabs his double barrel and shoots at Lordly's feet and forcefully trips him
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/super-filly-adventure.html
Apart from those Synros has banned already, I mean...
/me dances with poise and graces between the bullets, before putting his foot in Lunastas groinat high speed
with grace a poise, obviously
Sooo..
Thanks Mason_Trowel
You guys should check out what "Mason Trowel" looks like. ^_^
Arcana Runesharp sound silly for a pony? .-.
ah
not really
its ponies we are talking about
8have I banned anyone you mean?
doesnt get more silly than that
It's always ponies.
because ponies.
It makes me think of all those people with names like Lightbringer and such
Sounds sorta feminine, though. Arcana has a very female feel,
lol I'm just joking, can't ban yet as halfop, right?
Hrm..
screw you guys, chasers war on everything has just resumed
Arcane Runes?
australia rules
LD
8yah
Wait, what?
8I've kicked 2 people. but that was just for fun
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/newsfeed/000/165/535/40435%20-%20Sweetie_Belle%20meme%20soon.jpg
Howdy, Shad. ^_^
'Ello.
...and then Celestia help those poor foals that cross you
Morning Shad
Morning.
I need to memorize this URL http://bronydb.com/p.php?qid=82
96 is my quote.
Bookmark it?
anyone try out Minecraft 1.8 yet?
http://bronydb.com/p.php?qid=96
Nah, too slow if I need to hotlink it in here
Lol
I have an excel file of stuff I like to copy and paste here.
I don't think I've said anything memorable enough to warrant being added to the db.
Unfortunately. I need to work on my 'funny'.
8no
@foreveralonemeter RobotPinkie
6 RobotPinkie is 67% foreveralone. (1641)
8but i heard about it
You don't always have to include you in the quotes.
I've sent several in without me in them.
8ok I'm just getting off work, so I'll be back in a bit
later, Synros
I assume it's mostly other people quoting something the read and liked.
Example, #163
Hmm..........
I want moar quotes of myself
:c
Hehe.... quotes in IRC?
where can I find these treasures
Make one?
:D
That or somehow make a topic really derail
NO SWEETIE BELLE DER-AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaa
6 days until s2 airs
!s2 to be exact
Auburn Runes? sound like a silly ony name?
:(
!s2
Season 2 begins in 6d:00h:11m:52s
!s3
I need 1.21 gigamuffins to find that out for you.
LOL
!s4
derpy y u no s4
!s1
lol
:(
I broke derpy.
Crap.
/me hugs Derpy "You so awesome"
!hug
Hugtiem? :3
!mail DerpyBot muffins
Sorry, I only carry mail for identified ponies.
/me wraps her front hooves around Lunasta in a tight embrace
:(
Auburn Runes sound like a nice male pony name? .-.
:(
Musky Runes?
I think so
Auburn is good for a guy.
I hope we get swamped with male ponies in s2, but since it's in canterlot, it should have plenty of male unicorns.
Great and now I have Evil Enchantress Flutterguy playing in my head.
Ooh, I find a quote with me in it in bronydb! ^_^
My night has been made
Hrm.. Musky or Auburn..
Oh.... how was that bronyville marathon?
I like Auburn better, personally
It was nice
I wasn't able to do it, because I was marching a show
It was mostly recorded
I probably will never have the free time to check that out :(
!mail DerpyBot muffins
For..for me? Are there muffins inside??
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps KShrike
Also, the Magneto thing on the main page? It was a "You had to be there" moment in the marathon. Someone recorded that, too.
Hello?
I guess I'm going to find out.
hi
Welcome back.
Morning Nopony, Octy
Yo! Octavia!
mourning
We need a Vinyl Scratch.
Welcome back, Octavia
Hello, everypony.
i am home, finally.
:(
Super Filly Adventure was just great
there we go!
/me glomps Octavia
/me oofs!
silly filly
I herd u liek music
/me stretches and walks in, rubs eyes from just getting up
hurrrsa
:(
:D
why so unhappy?
There is not enough character in vinyl except that she's a DJ
I can't roleplay as her.
Place on music and bob head to it
So add to it.
INFINATE FANDOM!
the best thing about background ponies is being able to create a story for them
Indeed Octy
good morning, DesertRose
Ok, how do I register again?
This fandom shows us cuteness and also allows us to invent more cuteness for the rest of the ponies
This name is free, and I wants it
./ns group <main nick> <password>
.. ;-;..
Now I'm crying..
heh, true dat
Watching Bones and Vincent just got killed.
Auburn_Runes?
aww i hated that
hmmm
It just returned with "Nick Vinyl_Scratch isn't registered."
Really freakin' sad, All I have to say..
Yes, that was indeed a sad episode.
Vinyl_Scratch, hang on
Don't I have to put an e-mail?
no
Ok
there we go
isn't it email, not mainnick?
:D
/me bobs head
Eh, it felt like convenient way to get character out of show, guess the actor wanted to quit?
Not if you're attaching it to the KShrike name. That saves you from entering the password every time you switch between them.
Which is SO AWESOME!
ah
nah
Aw.
I'll leave this one to somepony else
/me is out of edemame :(
/me drinks down his orange soda
I have Pinkie_Pie_In_Socks
I realy should read Hoennshy
Well, now I know what edemame is.
they are yummy
little sea salt and munchies are served
eh?
/me tries to debate on what he should do for his first day of vacation
Ponies
If Hoennshy forces Fluttershy to fight pokemon... I won't be happy
The answer, Star, is always ponies.
Fluttershy just blinks and they all join her team
=P
well duh lol
My typical mealtime palette is depressingly homogenous. I really must broaden my culinary horizons.
/me has several things to do today and not enough time to do them
Wait crap, did I link that right?
yep
Aw riiiiight I got this memorized
i need to enable mod_rewrite so the urls are shorter
i keep running out of time
They're pretty short as it is
i tried to keep them that way
Eating is just a necessary evil anyway.
just the p.php part that confuses me
http://bronydb.com/82 ..with mod_rewrite itll look like that
right now it just goes NO
Octavia: flash lightirc doesn't allow to open links in new tab
also reminds me to fix the 404 error page
Why not enable it right now mm?
Michael89pl, so use a real client
:<
A CHALLENGER APPEARS
/me gets to it
YChat/XChat 2 is free and it works
weechat too
/me returns
it was a re-run
T.T
Colloquy also works for OSX, dunno about Windows
Oh my gosh this quote just mad me nearly suffocate. XD
http://bronydb.com/p.php?qid=122
*made
#122... That's the with Lordly no?
Wait nvm
lol
That's a totally different quote number
i love my quote site
so many funny ponies
I love it too :D
im about to add more options to it
We need to make an animation of Twilight (and maybe the mane six) dancing to this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YCUe7UyA_Ec&feature=related
http://bronydb.com/p.php?qid=22
I bet a good percentage of the hits are just me trying to see if there are new quotes on
hahahaaaaaaa
I love it also.
hah
Nice
i saaid that before i aws a mod, awesome
my head is exploding
err was
and exploding again
I'm central to ONE WHOLE QUOTE on the Brony Quote Database
my life has nevever been more complete
which one
...so sad
Hey Octy, I think Lordly over there needs some air, he's hyperventilating
http://bronydb.com/p.php?qid=163
oh no you don't\not again
I'm in 2 quotes.
if anyone sneds me to the moon, IT WILL BE ME
I feel special.
http://bronydb.com/p.php?qid=171
derpy, hhed my commands
!moon
Grab my tail, Lordlyhour!
hah
lol
i am so glad everypony enjoys it
I like the feeling of being important enough to be in a quote.
Its great
I am not in any quotes
I love the Derpy: Ant Exterminator
I'm glad you're glad. It's great for a laugh.
i am about to release another site
?
/me is confused
i need serious writers though
ooh
what site?
What kind of writers?
And what type of site?
Serious writers for..what?
I can be serious if needs be.
I can also type a coherent scentance if i'm not trying to keep up with an IRC
Writers? In what way?
I can write one liners
So many questions, so little answers..
/me has written 3 novels
/me continues to lurk in the shadows.
g´morning bronies
I've tried writing too, but it was mostly horror/detective stories.
Hellew
Really Nashy?
Hey mexican
Which ones?
Yes.
I wanna read 'em
Morning mex
hi
im excited
Howdy, mex.
well, i do not want to give out its url just yet because it is on my personal server and not ready to be bombed. if you would have interest in writing in a consistent character style then you can send me a /msg and ill pass on the url and overall idea
I have some chapters public on google docs
Leo, be funny or somehow derail a topic without Sweetie Belle DerAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I can give you access to full book if you enjoy it
i leave in 4 hours for my robotics competition
tomorrow i´ll tell you how it went
That's sweet, what did you make?
wooohoo
/me is listening to this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqUzCfXtD_8&list=FLWd_Y1eJNiHPdqhoC0F377A&index=11
I'm in 4 quotes. omigawsh
i am in a lot of quotes
like wtf
im in one quote on that brony quote database!
I was in 1 on TheSonicRaindoom
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eHinfthkEhE4gN8SXVFFwj8CgYmR_9V2xs4uoRpz7CQ/edit?hl=en_US&authkey=CJ7l9ZYE long URL is long
I died http://e621.net/data/eb/b0/ebb02fedbe16bffe44496861fea69207.png?1312881847
http://bronydb.com/p.php?qid=183 i like this one.
Zzz.
lol Zje
have to go for now, must get ready
may be back if have time
Octavia, it takes a long time for my browser to open a new tab for your quote website when i click on a link from mIRC, might be releated or sumthing
Remember, remember, the 17th of September for that day S2 shall come our way
!s2
Season 2 begins in 5d:23h:40m:58s
Hey, it's not even a week anymore!
Try not using IE :P
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
Sheesh, when I first realized I had like 3 weeks to wait...
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps Michael89pl
6 Days!!!!!!
minus 20 mins
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
gah
Trollneto!!!
I wouldn't have been able to get it because I have adblock
Foolish X-Ponies, you all have been fooled by this plot created by none other then.. MAGNETO!
hate it when your hard drive fails. Installing every non windows program, but it ends up taking like 20 computer restarts just to fully update windows
my webserver has 3 large websites on it, bronydb is a bit down on the priority list sadly and once in awhile hangs when it accesses the sql database. this will be fixed soon
and the drivers....urgh
A pony Magneto would be Magento
/me has no clue what the hell is up with Magneto
oh thats cool
♪With magneto
When i first saw magnet i first thought of the pokemon
megneto*
magneto*
Ponies.
Ponies.
Magneton or Magnemite?
Ponies.
Magneto, isn't his actual name, It's an alias.
Ponies.
Magneto
Ponies.
Ponies.
Ponies.
Ponies.
Tonight at magneto♫
Ponies.
The X-Manes
Ponies.
/me shoots at FOREVERALONE
Hey look. Ponies.
the unevolved one...
Magnemite it is Rose
:|
Rose by any other name
Damn, I could have kicked someone. My hands were full for five seconds!
well, hes back
Saltythesovietseahobo: Pleas edon'
Sux2bu
kick him
:)
hi
yeah, kick him
havnt played or had anything to do with pokemon in 10 years
how dare that hes back
Please don't spam* wow my keyboad failed.
Been dreaming I've been waiting, to fly with those great ponies, the wonderbolts their daring tricks, spinning round and having kicks. Perform for crowds of thousands. We'll fight MAGNETO'S minions, the wonderbolts will see me right here at Magneto
LOLOLOLOLOL
Y U NO POKEMANZ ROSE!?
THis is absolutely hilarious!!!!!
So worth it!
so.... whats all this magneto stuff about?
so worth downloading it
just......nintendo
KShrike: I know, I watched it an hour ago :)
Your keyboard is dead, Balloons.
Any stream trolling lately?
The lyrics to At the Gala being changed to Magneto
:P
I may be biased because I'm Asian, but Nintendo is awesome
It was a "You had to be there" moment in the Bronyville marathon. check the EqD main page for links and details.
hi fall
I played pokemon blue, and pokemon gold. and then realised every game after that is going to be the same
what is so special about it?
i am so cold -.-
I need someone to battle me in the Polka-manz B/W
The last episode of the mareathon was spammed by Magneto Google ads.
And then Phoe said "Gayest straight boyfriend ever"
I'm Australian. *punches Lunasta and bullies him*
lawl
/me places a blanket over Octavia
Aww.
I know it's not real, but it's the thought that counts, right?\
I'm confused.
/me gives Octavia socks
/me grabs his shotgun and shoots Auburn_Runes "And I'm armed!"
W U SO VOILENT?
/me reloads with candy cane flechettes
/me activates his power suit and shoots Lunasta with a charged Plasma Beam shot
WHY CANT WE JUST BE A HAPPY FAMILY?
/me then morph ball rolls away
*group hug*
seriously
Eeep! Plasma!
/me has angry birds socks on
/me ducks into his WMD proof barrel and returns fire
:D
/me has angry birds on socks
/me hates shotguns, he's usually using FAMAS G2 assault rifle
Trolling?
I'd prefer the m16
I need to slap RBD's cutie mark on my jackets.
*FIRES RANDOMLY*
Shad.
Good show!
wat
That. is the single. best idea. ever.
So ponies, I have a morality question for you.
Lordlyhour dances on the head of a pin
Morality question GO
Lordlyhour said that, rather than did that
Octavia im going to somehow find out where you live then send you Octavia themed socks.....hundreds of them
I follow the path of "Blue and Orange Morality"
Don't think there's anything on the stream right now
Lordlyhour is now going to speak in Third person. Becauselordlyhour is awesome enough to pull it off
Oh god...
want my address?
I just thought of another punny pony. XD
:)
oh no....because then id actualy have to send you socks
:(
My school is selling us MacBooks for the 4 years we're in HS but it's loaded full of crap that is half installed and filters up the wazoo
/me flips down sunglasses, while a guitar wails in the background. Because Lordlyhour just stoll all of its money. and its sunglasses
A pony with a blue coat, a crazy orange mane, and a manic smile, named Morality. XD
why are you teasing a poor girl?
Ha.
I'm on a school laptop right now.
I've managed to clean most of the stuff up, and as such my exploits have gone noticed by a few friends
because its fun
:D
I got to say, Magneto made the stream (puts sunglasses on) 20% cooler!!! http://yeahbutton.com/
but then i had a sad :(
Lol
Morning everypony
Now these guys and a couple other of their frends want me to remove the junk to make the MBs much much more useful
oh dropbox, why will you not sync
If only there were five members in Friezas family
Because ponies
remove the junk!
you forgot the YEEEEEEAAAAAAAAHHHHH bit Kstrike lol
morning, AllisZero
Because then it would have been 20% coola
Soarin buying the applepie!!!
your school probably has spyware on there too
I plan to capitalize on this, but if I do I have a decision to make
This episode of bones is so sad ;-;.
like when they filmed the kids undressing in their room at home
hey AllisZero
Capitalize? You mean charge for it?
Do I risk getting notorious and possibly lose my MB classes but make money?
Seriously, they should install adblock
the system is evil and fighting it is the morally right choice
I wouldn't try to make money off it. The school would be SERIOUSLY pissed.
I'll be charging them prolly 25 bucks for each unlock
Yeah, but I unlocked mine last year too
Definitely. EVERYONE would be pissed.
They dun seem to notice
OCTAVIA!
set them on fire, make them pay for you to put them out
oh wait, I just pinged the mod...
yes?
They'll be mad anyway when they find out (and find out, they shall) but if they see you've made money off it, it'll realy hit the fan.
sorry, I see Octavia in the show
I'm on a school laptop right now, but they never put a crapload of useless stuff on them.
I've honestly never seen this chat this empty
oh
didn't mean to ping you
Atleast, that's what I think.
just passing by, have i missed something good?
*looks left to right suspicously*
Eh, it's sunday morning
It's not abnormal
/me snickers at the perils of having a real pony name....
Well I don't plan to do all 400 or so MBs, prolly less than 20
I need to get a picture of the image of Cooler in the sun (from one of the DBZ movies) and give it the caption "This star is now 20% Cooler"
:(
LOL
...
Bahahahaha
I lol'd.
I remember that bit, Mason.
The amount of money you make won't matter. Not to a school committee mindset.
Yeah, true. I guess I'll hang here for a while then.
Umm...
Google Images?
Saltythesovietseahobo: Google images is tainted
Oh.
right.
also hai poni_
all the filthy, filthy.
...
Well, I'ma stop right there.
hai RobotPinkie c:
Besides, the tech guy is half baked most of the time and can barely remove his WiFi SSID and password from them
Lol ^^
I need to run to the store quickly, I'll be back in 10-15 minutes
I can even pull it up right now...
Everything bad in episode 26 was magneto's fault. QUICK! SOMEPONY WRITE A FIC ON THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ohokay. see you.
It's probably already in progress.
Stay safe RP!
Magneto ends up in equestria, turns into a unicorn, and causes havoc
Ponibooru has certainly been filled with Magneto.
I'M ON IT
I will 6 star it
*quick types fan-fic about Magneto*
Done, and done.
Dat Magneto
Haha my mom just came by and I had Winter Wrap-up playing pretty loud
my new wardrive technique is a python script that finds open access points, finds their printers, and prints a rbd salute picture with "your printer is now 20% cooler" on it
She stopped, gave me a weird look and left.
http://bronydb.com/p.php?qid=92 <---- Octavia, you a dirty filly. XD
SSID: SHouse Password: #D1meC001@Clu8!#
AAAAAAAAAAAW YEAH!
Funny is I've been listening to weird shit for 10 years and nobody rarely notices anymore.
He seriously left it in there.
hah when did i say that
that would be awesome
WHAT, MASON?
I have no idea
Lunasta, whut?
:|
Phoe saying shut up while the guys are singing along with the pony pokey is making me laugh
I really can see a Magneto pony leading a group of other disgruntled unicorns (Equus Superious) to exterminate the other races.
Cuz it's a Bucket quote, and I'm never in there.
My school's tech guy left his router's SSID and password on our Macbooks
Lol.
FallSilently: the mutants
I've got nothing... darnit
Dammit
I INSPIRED quote 138
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1739027/MLP/pinkielol.png
But my bit isn't quoted
T.T
But unicorns aren't oppressed, nopony's trying to "cure" them or anything.
Pretty much everypony I know knows that I'm weird like that, so then they just ignore me until I stop.
Thorinair: creepy
Nashy: maybe in a future they do...
lol :D
Definitely.
Nashy, it's not the unicorns. It's the Jewish unicorns that are oppressed.
That's how incompetent my HS is.
Mutant unicorns?
...
/me get's knife out.\
Let's see what color his blood really is...
in an alternate universe?
If only this were EaD
After all, Neighdolf Hitler was a terrible pony.
Unicorns are hated and feared for their magic!
Mason_Trowel: :(
puns
Sorry
Neighdolf Hitler was Horsetrian though
Waiting for my fan-fic to recieve feedback.
*rageface*
not Germane
I couldn't resist the pun.
haha
I laughed, but it was so bad
/me is ashamed of his poor taste in jokes.
Neighdolf Hitler? You mean the Juiceish Neighdolf Hooftler?
It appears I'm in four quotes, but only have a real part in three
..
hnngh
Nah, it just works with Neighdolf Hitler
Oh dear lord, we've derailed into Third Reich pony puns...
Well that was his former name
He changed it when he entered Germaney
I'm SO sorry, everpony...
THIS CHAT NOW BELONGS TO PUNS.
He felt that the name was too... weak for him
*everypony
Are we really doing this?
I'm still goddamned sick, there goes all my weekend
what be going on
I'm no longer particpating in this
Yes we really are Lordly.
GOOD
:|
Wanted to work on my drawing for Season 2 but like this, nothing good will come of it
Wonderful
/me goes quiet when his finger is hovering over the modvoice button. everypony should know this by now.
Doubly wonderful is I just used a Bit of Body Language I picked up from my dog
/me supposes it's more obvious when Luna_In_Socks goes quiet.
i go!!
:|
idk allis.. you could try and see how it turns out later.. might get something interesting
/me realises he's just used the term "everypony" in regular speech.
mexican, are you actually mexican?
Awww GOD!
lol^
Wow.... that was the best commentary of Episode 26 I have ever seen. MAGNETO FOR THE FREAKING WIN!!!!!
yes
Hmm
It's too late for you now D:!
why?
The only one who has been able to successfully troll ponies is Magneto
Lol. KShrike, Inorite?
i dont have a sombrero
I can't believe that
If your name was mexican, and you where actually british, it'd been like "LULWUTWTFZOMGLOL"
that has to be added to the Quote Database
seriously can someone explain to me the dead with magneto. i'm a little behind
btw AllisZero i listen to lots of weird stuff:D send something here!
No
No we cannot
ok then
It is an inexplicable force of nature known as a meme
Just download the video clip from the mareathon wrap-up post
Ok, that was so worth it, but I have work to do now.
Check out the EqD main page for links and details, TheGreatAndPowerfulLuna
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KEDNIX-Syc is what I think of when I think of Mexicans now D:
It should be the first link on it, me thinks
It's painful to stare at the screen for too long cause of the headache :(
They have existed since main fisrt learned to think and will be with us until the last of us Die
ty :D
Eh I've been listening mostly to jpop and anime songs most of my life
Yeah
great guys
thanks
You're welcome
mess up my epic speech for nothing
i have to go for now
been travelling all weekend, havn't had time to catch up with everything
That was supposed to be for Luna
/me walks away into the emo corner, crying a little
*derp*
We have an Emo corner?
SINCE WHEN?
Say hello to FillyShy while you're in the emo corner!
http://images.4chan.org/g/src/1315735626588.png
/me cheers up instantly
Haha
We have all sorts of corners here.
here's commission http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ltn7Lq5gLYs
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Ar Tonelico 3 EXEC_EP=NOVA/. with English lyrics" - "This lyrics was corrected by BJMC555, thanks!! I wanted to put an animation on this but it&#39;s impossible for me. This song is sweet but serious to her and a l..."
Apparently since now.
/me already occupies emo corner
DERPY! YOU MAKE EVERYTHING BETTER!
/me decides to level his DRK's great sword skill
YAY!
6_9
!muffin
Muffins!! You have any? :3
yes
Thank you!!
/me glomps Lordlyhour
Derpy brings happiness and muffins.
And then, the DerpyBot spam commenced.
/me makes noet to buy muffins later
*note
YOU GOTS NINJAD!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAH
... ot
i don't know what browser that fluttershy is
/me provides the guitar scree
AND NOW
Neither do I lol
I SIT.
/me covers her ears with her hooves to block out Saltythesovietseahobo's shouting
They probably had to go find something very obscure
lol ya
DAT SONG
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erohefd2aeM
oh my god
MeteorVenture, what did you do to me
I don't recognize the paw above Fluttershy nor the compass above Applejack
lol i'm listening to it again too o_o
That's a weird song
the compass is safari i think
weird, right
I'm assuming Rarity's logo is Opera.
ya
IE, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Opera and...
ohay ponies
which i've actually downloaded all of those at one point.. except fluttershy's
Does anybody here know what I am?
Yeah, no idea what Fluttershy's browser is supposed to be...
Gen 3 pony
=3
It's proving hard to find on Wikipedia
lol i looked up browser green paw
I've looked at all the web browsers in the last 10 years lol
No? Alright then, I'll tell ya! OOOOOOOH, I'm a lumberjack, and I'm okay. I sleep all night and I work all day.
is it Maxthon?
silly
and then browser green paw symbol... then just browser green symbol.. nothing ever
You're on IRC.
That's not sleeping or working.
nope, it is not Maxthon
:I
How do you know?
OH the suspance
the riddler
I could be typing this while felling a Might tree
or in my sleep
i'm going to guess its name based on the symbol
that'd certainly explain the spelling errors
in either case
Greenbrowser made sense
But it's not it
furry browser 2011
Maybe I'm doing all three at once
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Midori_%28web_browser%29
Midori
Makes sense lul
http://bronydb.com/p.php?qid=63 <---- Once again, Octavia. You are a dirty little filly. XD
Alliszero, that image gives me a leeching message on 4chan
These quotes are making my night AWESOME!
who uses midori?
what did i do now
Are you a six-legged pony with a purple polka-dotted mane and shooting stars coming out of your eyes?
O.K. MASON...
Ah, japanese broswer
...
oh ahha
:|
I'm Probably Paul Bunyan's reincarnation
ah
right
that is so unfair
heck, MKaybe I'm just Paul Bunyan.
Who flies through the air all over the world to hide magic sparkly eggs?
Hello everypony.
Octavia, how could you?
that was totally taken out of context lol
You guys couldn't prove I'm not
Lol
of course D:
Out of context or no, still COMPLETELY hilarious. XD
how could i be so blind?
i am completely glad i can laugh at myself else that would have made me mad
I thought this chat was supposed to be PG D:
http://images.4chan.org/g/src/1315736337002.png
<@Octavia> that was totaly taken in context lol (edited for corrections)
my initial thoughts were green paw which would be a play on green thumb sorta
LordlyHour, I need to clean up some trees later, you want to help?
haha AlphaOmega
I lold IRL
!mewn AlphaOmega !!
I would
Yeah, I googled green leaf, green paw etc
but you spelled my name wrong
I am also glad you can laugh at yourself. Else I probably would have been the target of some serious ire.
SO you just lost all rights to Paul Bunyan
/me bats his big eyes
better than the first spelling I did of it, I almost said "LordHourly"
I can laugh at ANYONE.
/me scratches her head, wondering what Octavia is trying to tell her
ya me too
Lord Hourly..
Thats a cool name
never hit greenbrowser though
/me eyes DerpyBot!
all 4chan images linked give me the leech image
!plot
*wigglewiggle*
/me pounces!
Maybe my Pony name could be Charges Hourly
i always had browser typed in though
It makes it better if you make it......Time Lord Hourly!
and I'm a Lord
after eight icecream
<3
More shameless puns and plays on words.
My god thats IT!
I AM A TIMELORD!
copy link address then paste in a tab until it works
Wow, really?
PUNS?
That's silly
/me gets in his Tardis
Nooooooooo!
*TARDIS
So you can't link images that usually don't last more than a day or two to the outside
It's an acronym
/me goes back in time, stopping the puns
That seems dumb
Tardis... why does it sound so delicious?
yes
/me thinks the chat is getting a little strange lol
but I named mine Tardis!
HAH!
/me covers his ears with DerpyBot's hooves to block out everybody's shouting.
Its Tardis the TARDIS!
with my easy 2 step solution you can see.. these images
TARDIS?
but ya same for me
I just copy and paste the URL
TAAAAAAAAARDIS!
With a TARDIS, you will never be... tardy?
TAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARDDIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIS!
/me stands on DerpyBot, glowering
Glowering?
MOUSTACHE!
Ba-dum dssh.
weird that the thumbnails work, though
MOUSTACHE!
/me covers her ears with her hooves to block out Saltythesovietseahobo's shouting
Tardis? Did you just say... Tardis?
it changes that to the leech picture so i gotta copy the link address instead of clicking on it and doing it that way
Tardis?
TARDIS!
/me stands behind Saltythesovietseahobo, glowering
FallSilently, I'm afraid you may have to speak up. Lol
I didn;t say sidrat
Tardis?! TARDIS?! TAAAAAAAAAAAARDIS! TAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARDIS!
the more you know... "gloweringpresent participle of glow·erVerb: Have an angry or sullen look on one's face; scowl."
/me is trying to hold on to DerpyBot, damn it
Nashy won a single internet for his pun
:G
And knowing is half the battle!
but only if you have a reading rainbow
1 Internet, what shall I spend it on...?
Ponies!
i downloaded this thing a guitar hero player made called basic browser
cookies!
lols.. it really is basic
the other half involves violence brutality death carnage and weeping in loss
Ponies MADE OF cookies!
My god
MY GOD!
/me covers her ears with her hooves to block out Lordlyhour's shouting
no
or cutie mark cupcakes, damn they are awesome
cookies are made of ponies
No, those are...
links-graphic is best browser
we need some art. WIth Rainbow reading a book
...wait.
Ponies are made out of cookies.
Animatd to the tune of Reading Rainbow
Oooooh, you almost made me walk into that one.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bBvw7EAvoc
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Introducing Basic Browser. A new type of browser." - "Basic Browser. Faster than any other web browser.* Download here: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/12721295/Basic%20Browser.exe v1.0.1 (11/27/10): Address bar can be ..."
Only on the moon.
sppaaaaaaaaaaaaacccceee
pinkie would beg to disagree
Ecaps
Because the Space Core likes mmm, bananas.
We need more official ponies
8your favorite demigod has returned
the lack of Ponies is making us all go loopy
I eat the standard meat fare. Cows, pigs, chickens, tuna, processed meat product with pepperoni seasoning.
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/54695
Twilight told me this picture is about book twilight_sparkle beauty_and_the_beast rainbow_dash book_meme (and 1 more)
my friend made cupcakes && they were the colour of the mane 6 & they had one of the mane 6's cutie marks on each and they were so damn awesome
meat is murder, etc
there
It won't be too long before we're killing each other, and using their cutiemarks for Blankets
urls are short now
Excellent, Octavia!
just have to change everythign else now
hehe
Bjornfot?
http://bronydb.com/184
all your url are belong to us
just have to change all my code lol
Well, I'm of the opinion that if it has already been murdered, I may as well make it useful.
8no silly
shoo shoo be doo
hey Synros THE mod
That is faulty logic.
Was this already on your list of things to do today?
8its Turgle...the doubter
/me shrugs
The more people buy meat, the more is produced.
nope, it was added to it
8lol
:D
that is faulty logic, though I'm not vegetarian, that is stupid
The system is working, then.
yeah
what nashy is saying
remember the /kick command
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P4TedkQP_hM
I'm having a ton of fun on this /g thread
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Call Upon The Sea Ponies" - "One of my favourite songs of all time! &quot;Count Upon the Sea Ponies&quot; is from the My Little Pony special &quot;Firefly&#39;s Adventure.&quot;"
8i do
I never said the Cuitemark was detached, now did i?
(y)
I suppose I am.
BLEEDING BLANKET OF LEGS, OH YES
Oh, well.
Meat is awesome.
/me is a vegetarian, does not care what others eat.
Your logic is sound.
8EspyLcaopa please do not post such horid things
logic... who needs it
Yay, bqdb's URLs are now shorter!
Shoo shoo be do
why fish-ponies?
why?
You awesome Octy
8scary s**t right there
btw AllisZero i listen to many types of songs.. including Jpop and anime songs
Seconded
Eat meat if you must, but don't try to justify it with faulty logic.
I just agreed that your logic is sound and I my logic was faulty
Indeed.
in fact alot of anime and video games songs
seriously though, i'm too lazy to be a vegetarian
Doesn't mean I'll stop eating meat, but to each his own.
i love vegetarian food
but i'm too damn lazy to cook it
I hate vegetables is the REAL reason I could never be a vegetarian
or find easy recipies
I am extremely lazy.
uh
I like certain vegetbles
i like anime songs
My diet consists almost solely of meat and processed food products.
but i never know what to type in the search bar
But I;d never survive being a vegetarian
Amen to that Mason.
:/^ heart disease
But vegetarian food isn't harder to cook.
because I like to smother anything that isn;t meat in cheese
Just microwave some soy hotdogs or whatever.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7Nz5mGKrB0&hd=1
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "One Piece Opening 14 - Fight Together [FULL HD RAW]" - "I&#39;M NOT THE OWNER OF THIS VIDEO, PLEASE DON&#39;T REMOVE IT One Piece opening 14 Fight Together"
watch anime and you'll find the songs that way lol
omg i love soy hotdogs
play games and you'll find songs that way:D
so, if that ever happened, werrrl
and lentil pies
heh
i really should become a vegetarian
i don't play and i don't watch anime :D
!moon
Grab my tail, Lordlyhours_CholestorlLevels!
still... could I really give up steak... probably, i don't really eat it that often anyway
Go watch Usagi Drop
For Rin is adorable.
if you got time to watch MLP you got time to watch some quality anime shows
^
true
Well it's not an absolute.
You can cut down on meat.
I'll be back in a little while, I promised the budgie a bath.
usagi drop?
On Friday.
oook
It is only thanks to my incredible metabolism that I am only 136 lbs
Yes.
He's probably wondering when it'll happen.
i'll look for a torrent
i haven't seen usagi drop myself
yeah that sounds like a good start
See yiz.
8i prefer FMA as my anime of choose
Single working guy attends his grandfather's funeral, and finds out his grandpa had a 5 year old daughter.
To the moon with 'em aye?
it is surprisingly difficult being a vegatarian
Get rid of the random everyday junk meat people eat.
A 5 year old daughter the rest of the family doesn't want to take care of.
especially colourful ponies :D:D
There's a lot of anime I like... very hard to choose a favorite
It's hard to be a vegetarian at restaurants.
I'm 200+ pounds. .-.
i'm 90 kilos
I weigh 65 kg
There is a massive amount of anime.
D_D
Only a small portion is actually /good/
Nashy, yes, going out to eat is a pain
metric system ftw
I 70 Kg on this meat eater.
maybe Martian Successor Nadesico
and nashy.... 65kg also
Irresponsible Captain Tylor.
but i'm fair short
...or Azumanga Daioh
no fat though
not*
I MUST AWAY
5'6" tall, 136 lbs
Azumanga is awesome.
Only thing that keeps my weight from dropping is eating snacks and candy, etc.
Yukari-mobile!
65-70? yall are tiny
the hell is a lbs?
I am a small, thin little man.
FOR THE MAGICAL LAND OF BEDDIE BYE CALLETH TO ME!
whats that in kg
what you all talking about?
Pounds. Imperial weight measurement.
current favorite anime is One Piece
61
Your metric system can buck it. :P
IT SAYS "LORDLY, LORDLY, COME TO ME. COME AND PLAY WITH THE PONIES!"
I really like Banner of the Stars, also
i can't find the torrent D:
o long, Lordly
*So
Full Metal Alchemist is one of the best I've ever seen for sure
For Usagi Drop, Turgle?
Hayfever: I cheat and eat meat sometimes. Mostly because if I eat out there's like 2 vegetarian options and I can't eat either of them.
eeeeyup
so, everyone here, stay sexy
but remember I'm sexier
Oh, and Magical Shopping Arcade Abenobashi
What's the topic?
i like anime like detective conan.. death note.. code geass.. monster
lordies
8thank you AllisZero thank you
Nashy, i just refuse to eat red meat at all. i will eat chicken once in a blue moon if i am out with clients or such
My brother attempted being Vegan. He said it was ricidulously difficult.
digimon
/me 's height: 185 cm. Weight: ~55kg
Death Note was great
Michael, you are almost a skeleton.
8no Turgle....
and a variety of others.. i used to watch digimon when i was a kid
My sense of taste pretty much hates everything except a few things.
xD
176 cm, 92 kg.
my uncle is a vegan
maybe :p
me too
crazy man
i liked it more than pokemon lol
8DeathNote was good
I liked Death Note but I'm somewhat biased against it because of its fanbase
174, 65
Really tall, and REALLY skinny.
lets see, i am...
Mason, Im Russian :)
I am stunty, boysterous, bulwark guy.
"Dear Princess Celestia"
i didn't know of the fanbase of deathnote before watching it.. i just knew it was popular
I lose weight automatically if I stop eating junk food and stuff
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dju-xCstbZ0&feature=related
180cm and 78kg
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about nostalgia critic reads cupcakes
8Digimon, digital monster, Digimon are the champions....derp
I look like charging, angry, scottish barrel.
But I barely eat anything.
I don't know anything about the Death Note fanbase, lol
what makes them so bad?
Patlabor was one of the first genuinely japanese series I watched. Still love it to this day
lol <3 derpy
/me needs to finish watching Patlabor
/me hugs a DerpyBot!
Oooh, I love Patlabor
Michael89pl: zdorov
best bot ever
And Planetes
I hate cooking and eating food is just a necessary evil.
Sure is Hayfever.
Heeeeeeeeello everypony.
DerpyBot is the top 3 in cuteness.
hi there, Fireant
still need to watch that one :(
Hello Aetreeis :)
Cat Shit One was good.
I eat only dinner.
8Looney Toons is best anime
And some days I forget to eat dinner.
hey
i eat lots
cat shit one!
but i swim hardcore in the summer
I don't really even get hungry until 48 hours of not eating.
Friendship is Magic is best anime!
makes up for it
but we still at episode 1, right?
I read that as "i eat lolis"
/me brohoofs RP
There's only been a single episode of Cat Shit One.
._.
lol
haha
...
k
alright, gotta run to the store.
/me brohoofs AllisZero
I eat only when I'm hungry, which is typically once per day. Mostly I just drink soda. Lots of soda. In fact,I can honestly say I'd have M
No idea when more episodes will come.
I sit by a computer all day.
*Much more money to my name if I didn't drink so much soda.
As soon as I caught up with FiM, anime went all the way to the back of the bus to me
Yet still manage to lose weight.
i don't eat very often, but when I do I eat lolis
:D
i'm having spaghetti with sausages for dinner for a 3rd month already
That had just never happened before, in all honesty
/me 8brohoofs the air...no one is there.
it's never getting old
lol
you eat lolis?
You eat little girls, Luna?
anyone remember monster rancher?
/me answers the brohoof call
ANY cartoons count
/me brohoofs THE mod
:P
yes, yes i do
RobotPinkie: That's because the japanese definition of anime is Animation.
O.O
Wut.
/me 8bans the Turgle
i.... eat little girls they make me feel so bad
I made lots of pasta with quorn tomato sauce.
Exactly, EspyLacopa
/me backs off from TG&PLuna
Sure fire way to mess with hardcore anime fans: call them cartoons.
don't eat Scootaloo! it doesn't matter how much she tastes like chicken!
To microwave if I need to eat.
but
lols exactly ^
8:O
scootaloo is a chicken
D:
8you know I love ya Turgle
Scootaloo is awesome.
8:3
yeah
i love anime.. but i still find that type of trolling hilarious
yay me too <3
lol, no, i don't eat little girls, i just said I eat lots and colson read it at "i eat lolis"
It's rather funny how they rage about their cartoons being called out for being cartoons.
Well, I don't see what's wrong with loving Japanese cartoons :P
I just got a terrible image of a commercial for Applebloom...as a meal. "But she doesn't taste like apple!" "We eat what we like!"
rbd and scootaloo need to be together more season 2
plzplzplz
lol
TheGreatAndPowerfulLuna: strange, i read it as lolis too
We are a degenerating bunch
you wrote it as lolis
I am ashamed of myself and my terrible imagination
lol mook
this is just like one of my japanese animes
I like when Dash shows up in Show Stoppers.
You only now realize that
Along with the older sisters.
ohwow, MGS reference in the house
The problem is
8so I just hook up duel monitors....zomg modding is so much easier noaw.
"[00:14:55] i eat lots[00:15:01] but i swim hardcore in the summer[00:15:04] <Nashy> I don't really even get hungry until 48 hours of not eating.[00:15:04] makes up for it[00:15:13] <Colson> I read that as "i eat lolis""
Fireant jak swietowaliscie 50000 odslon For Glorious Equestria? :)
sorry, bit spammy
http://images.4chan.org/b/src/1315749912807.jpg
Lovely
!link
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3cRWJcZjW4&feature=related - Fluttershy - oh, my
anyway, point is, twiluna is best ship
wait... what are we talking about again?
Dash is Scootaloo's surrogate sister.
Tuna
Michael89pl, szczerze, nie zauważyłem xD Czekam na 50 milionów ED, jestem z ED bardziej związany.
lol tuna
Niepatriotycznie.
That is what Twi/Luna is forever known as to me
And Now, into english!
8hmm I cannot see image
Tuna.
You crazy Poles and your random letter language!
Those are some ponies
http://s313265804.onlinehome.us/ shipping!
Right click and copy link location, then paste in a new tab, Synros
so much derp in Rainbowdash eyes
Davenprt x Salty
twi/luna competes with twi/trixie but after reading spark, i think it pushed tuna over the line for me
just so awesome
o_o
сразу леттея лангуаге
8the only image that pops up is 4chan.org
8sooo it better not be the naughties..
I don't like shipping :P
lawl, it's not
Hence the satire random shipping generator.
That's a disappointing shipping site. No option for het only pairing.
lol, tuna.
The naughties are over, it's 2011 now :P
We're in the teens now?
i like good shipping
when done well it's good
8lol you'd be surprised.
I guess so
Bah, het only, like that ever mattered!
Yeeeah nah, I'd be fairly sad of being banned!
but then again, i'm a sucker for romance
Damn, Minecraft's new terrain generation is amazing
I don't like romance.
Or love songs.
8is it just the leaked version or official?
Or love in general.
05its leaked
needs more gay shipping
05but its awesome
Suddenly, Wrek
05played all of last night
You like good shipping that is good when done well? Isn't that the most redundant of redundancies?
8oh heyp Wrek
05ohai
Well, "leaked," though the terrain generation for the biomes that are in there is finished
8i r mod noaw! :3
Keep the saucier ships to #EquestriaAfterDark or das boot will sent you to the MOOOONAH
what's the difference?
...
!moon
Grab my tail, Colson!
/me grabs
Between what and what? :P
okay done.
Watching Cat Shit One is like being back in a game of Counter Strike.
^
You're the one bringing up saucy ships though D:
who
Nashy, so you have no heart?
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqQuihD0hoI
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
I couldn't find this video in the library, maybe Twilight knows more.
can't get enough of this song
05bomb has been planted?
That makes you undead... Which means....
(not pony related though)
Hostage rescue map.
I don't believe in love.
You're a zombie pony!
It doesn't get much 'saucier' than BerryPunch/FlyingSpaghettiMonster!
/me shoots Nashy
Man, the giant mushrooms are so frickin' cool
/me *Trollface*
giant mushrooms in minecraft?
I'm not even a pony.
Yeah
they're stealing from terraria!
that's pretty saucy
lies
Meh, a zombie is a zombie.
lawl, sure they are :P
but I can do better
inb4 minecraft fan rage
Also, learn to double-tap.
/me shoots Nashy again
Berry Punch X Pizza Pony
8lol Terraria pretty much stole MC and made it a sidescroler
05but then again they all stole it from wow so meh
Doubletap!? Pfft, I have a shotgun
8ohhh just made it MV
Doubletap not needed to kill a face.
05which stole it form anotehr game with large mushrooms
They all stole the giant mushrooms from Mario
humbug
05which stole it from another game with large mushrooms
which stole everything they had from pong and asteroids
8ha
well time for today's evil cooking
they stole their stuff from tripping hippies
gameception?
which stole that idea from spartans
Magneto is now a meme.
8 que the foghorn
Berry Punch X Pizza Pony is saucy, but pizza can be ordered without sauce. I do so all the time. The Flying Spaghetti Monster, however, has sauce running throught its very veins. Its noodly, stringy veins.
Memeneto?
marvel was acquired by disney last year, amirite?
Pong? Neigha please. :P http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tennis_for_Two
I think so.
fortuitous tennis
lol
Quite cool, that.
By the way, I actually said that earlier statement out loud in the voice of Professor Hubert Farnsworth of "Futurama".
Table tennis?
I am so tired right now... XD
i have to go.. i gotta take a dang shower and go to church.. right when this conversation is getting into something i can really talk about
aw, later MeteorVenture
8k, cya later then
video games and anime lol
bye! :)
well take care yall:D i will find you a good anime that i recommend later turgle
lol
yay
8don't worry about it, Turgle won't be here long
Off to game I shall, so be a dear and be a pal!
Good news everyone! I've invented a machine that makes you read this in my voice!
8haha. muhahahahahaha
Evil cooking can wait.
/me 8coughs
You mean TTS Leo?
lol
Reading stuff in people's voice doesn't really work.
http://www.myfacewhen.com/i/520.png
http://thedemotivators.com/wp-content/uploads/original/2010_04/good-news-everyone.jpg
Clearly you have not ben to the Joker's TVTropes page.
Unless you read at the rate of normal speech.
*been
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7O61YEFsuo4
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
I couldn't find this video in the library, maybe Twilight knows more.
8no Turgle.
hi, just passing by
derpy's db got wiped?
better pic -> http://themavesite.com/TMS-Pictures/2011-01/GoodNewsEveryone.jpg
AHAHAHAHAHAHHA http://myfacewhen.com/i/503.jpg
omg
hahahahahahaha
mook: no, it's because "Unfortunately, this UMG-music-content is not available in Germany because GEMA has not granted the respective music publishing rights."
Doesn't work.
8no more images k
Brain parses written information much faster than verbal information.
neither does that pic from Leonon , it said there was too many redirect loops
pffft
8lol
Aw, no images?
no, don't worry
same here
he is trolling me xD
THE mod
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/media/faces/22.png
works fine for me
Well, one can possess the illusion of reading something in someone's voice. I know, because I most certainly do on several occasions.
8yes only pony pictures, but don't over do it
must be your browser :D
:O
ohai MewlightSparkle
Bubblebeard is awesome
8bubbles beards are off topic
hello
lol
brb
8and just silly
i can't read fanfic in the chars voices without getting annoyed at myself
8like you said its 2011, and u teens
i have to stop myself from reading it in the voices or it takes way too long
Yeah you can do that... It's just slow.
mm
http://img.ponibooru.org/images/bf/bf37cf61af108e2f1f5755424f14900a <-- YAR!
also, i'll sit there and change the voice untill it sounds perfect in my head
so tedious
lol
It doesn't happen unintentionally like these "you are now reading this in my voice" images seem to suggest.
I prefer my reading slow and in-depth. I certainly can read at fast speeds. But slower is preferable to feeding my imagination.
8YAR!
YAR!
i read slowly
Downloading Eurobeat Brony's singing. :D
Hey
i enjoy what i'm reading more
Certain writings can encourage someone to read more slowly without them realizing it though.
8inb4 to many people show up
How's it going?
Like the example provided earlier, The Joker's TVTropes page.
I read fast and skip some words, brain fills them in.
This chat is now about Metroidvania games http://mylittlefacewhen.com/media/faces/293.jpg
I just reread if something wasn't clear.
Reading the tropes in depth, since they are written as though "in-character" it makes you want to read it "as the character"
Nashy: happens unintentionally for me sometimes, i guess the brain doesn't work the same for everyone
xD
Yeah, YMMV.
/me fondles NightmareMoon
My brain is more machine-like than most.
http://img.ponibooru.org/images/4f/4f097880aab7d5bf3480a92899946025
!link http://img.ponibooru.org/images/4f/4f097880aab7d5bf3480a92899946025
Twilight says the library only has pictures from e621 and ponibooru, videos from youtube and books from google docs.
I hope Chair makes a sequel to Shadow Complex, that game was awesome.
!link http://ponibooru.org/images/4f/4f097880aab7d5bf3480a92899946025
Twilight says the library only has pictures from e621 and ponibooru, videos from youtube and books from google docs.
doing good, slightly tired, decided to join 3 different Pony IRCs lol
!clop
/me clops her forehooves together excitedly
..what?
Three?
:o
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJbssgJvCBw&feature=related
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Ursa Major
o
What are the other two?
Eyup
Um
the Equestria Daily one
Ah
and #MyLittlePony on IRCHighway
The only thing that could make a Metroid-style game more awesome.... ponies.
I really should be going to bed...
oh
I can't exactly afford to have a fully reversed sleep schedule.
Cool. Your head is going to spin. Bronies spam talk. XD
I had one during the summer. it was not pleasnt.
I assumed networks, not channels lol
Okay, well, I'll do it now, while I'm thinking about it. Good night, everypony. ^_^
I know that
But at least i had alone time.
Eh, all the same.
Few years ago I sunk into one
Sucked
/me waves
no silly a channels on a network don't you know how irc works gosh
8well I worked almost 20 hours in the past 28 hours...almost time for da bed
Trollolololol
it's okay if you don't have to wake up early (or don't have to wake up at all)
So, let's talk about pony.
THE mod sleeps too?
:O
the end is near
I'm just waiting for page 6 of that North Star dwells comic
Then I will sleep
Wild wild west
I said it
8yah its daytime here, so Ima go to bed
Hi all
hey
8in my coffin
Hello Fluttershy
Good morning, Four... -yawn-
aw okay, night Synros
hi guys
how come it says showtime
im still waiting for more of the ballad of twilight sparkle
so want that story to be finished
How was your sleep?
aww
i thought the story is complete
It was pleasant, thank you. -smile-
8it was quiet funny
Lul
morning fluttershy
8oh hey buddeh
Ohai
8I survived the night
huh, Magneto pony
:)
8it was fun
tired still, I woke up a little early I think heh
yourself?
http://img.ponibooru.org/images/22/22f54e511938aeedf138b1ba9c24ef6b
I'm doing very well, thank you.
then again, I was never really a morning pony lol
Mornin'.
Ohai everypony
ohai!
8think he feel asleep again
Morning.
8awwww
Hi dari
Hey.
mornin' captain
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Bwh_oGwTgQ&feature=digest_refresh_sun
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about HolyJunkie Reads &quot;The Spiderses&quot;
ohay Pegacorn
hmm must have mixed it up with a different fix
fic
Synros: You missed the time I fell asleep with my headset still on.
8great now that Dari is back, I will fade into the shadows
I did that reading with a sore throat.
I got me some acheivements in L4D2 today.
dari is back
w00t
Pony and human, if possible.
People listening to me sleeping. XD
its offline
8ha that would be interesting
/me hums and enjoys her cereal.
Well I need to go to town.
So if someone has a playlist to put on, I could do that.
8Dari, those guys in drag came back around 3am
LOL Synros
Yeah, I'm gonna go get some food once Eurobeat Brony finished downloading.
What achievements, Pegacorn?
*finishes
8wish I had my video camera
^why?
"I'm going to wait so this will download and I can listen to it, but before listening to it I'm going to make myself wait more!"
Because, Don't want anyone sneaking onto the laptop and canceling it.'
why not let it download while eating? <_<
These acheivements:CLUB DEAD, BRIDGE BURNER, TORCH BEARER, Killing Them Swiftly To This Song, KILL BILL.
people can sneak onto your laptop and would cancel ponies?
All earned today.
Yes, they would.
Who would? It's ponies.
Why would they do such a thing?
Cool
they must be punished
Because they aren't bronies.
...
8hey Dari, if I wanted to stream late at night. Do I need to go through another interview thingy?
lock the notebook, problem solved
lock ?
/me tilts her head sympathetically and pets Shad.
^yeah
Stream's up.
yay
Nah.
is it mac?
OHGOD
'Daww. Thanks, Fluttershy.
Just head over to speedtest.net tell me what it says your upload speed is.
mac = :(
/me pats back.
/me smiles cheerily.
8kk
And I don't have a mac.
8god Dari plz
Rainbow celebration!
OH MKY GOD
mac, because secretly everyone wants to pay for a logo and a name
RAINBOWS DARLINGS
RAINBOWS
hauuahah
LAWL
8no sound?
No.Oh GOD no.Don't tell me that THAT's supposed to be RD!
Oh yeah.
Whoops.
ROR
3k
RAINBOWS
8darling
TASTE THEM
oh god xD
8bitch
/me celebrates the rainbow
she's 40 yo
Um...I'm not sure...
/me checks.
/me continues to skill up his dark knight in ffxi
i thought rarity was﻿ white with a purple main and her cutie mark was three diamonds o.o diffrent
mistickolthehedgehog 2 months ago
@mistickolthehedgehog C'mon, that is G4. This one is G3. Collectors are annoyed when fans of G4 comment﻿ like this T_T
/me restarts the last generator
8ah this animation is best evar
This is an HP.
Why would you want to have anything to do with G3?
8voiceacting soooo good
0these MLP series are so bad
SQUEEK
0they look too much like real horses
Lolwut
/me is slaughtered by tons of Infected
Bubble fight.
Huh.
Some ponies say it's not very reliable machine, but I'm not the most clever pony when it comes to computers.
So incredibly dirty
0change it
0please
8da castle
MAGNETO
>PRINCESS Rarity
If it's not broker, don't fix it, Fluttershy.
*broke
HOSHI-
8silly pnehs
8ponehs
Lol.
Someone give me a name for a mudkip
logo and names are meaning less in the age of made in china... or taiwan
8ah shutup poneh
does it work the way you need it to shy?
8ping is 10, DLS is 11,
Oh, it works just fine. It runs my Steam games perfectly.
Upload is what you need to tell me.
then it's fine heh
8hmm 24
8.24
0do fluttershy squee
I suppose so. -smile-
Ohaidere every... dare I say? Pony!
8.29
8there we go
'ello.
8oh loops this
/me blinks at the bombastic greeting. "H...Hello..."
8http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3xOqAsGbTss
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "o-o" - "I never thought..."
8over..and over...
8and over
I wish there were more Pokemon-playing Bronies. I named my epic Venomoth after the Parasprite.
just put on a random PMV playlist from Youtube
8:(
i know this is random, but is there any place I can get me a big luna plushie... so i can... you know... hug it and shizz
MAGNETO
MAGNETO
8EHHH yay
/me stretches again
0i like pinkie pie more
welp
Ok, so I wasn't on the stream last night, but I can put two and two together
I seriously need to name this thing aa
Oh, DCD.
Can you stream?
Neither was I there, due to my nephews hogging BOTH computers.
The Magneto ad popped up while "Best Night Ever" was playing.
Correct?
all the exact 12 hours.
I need to go.
In a crucial scene, I'm assuming.
Ramen with tuna for breakfast, yum
ohai people
ohay herospirit
Hey herospirit
/me waits for dead island to continue downloading
Hahaha this video
>_>
Am I correct?
blue is the only pokemon game i played
8hello Herospirit
you so slow pc lol
good times
DCD?
"At the- *cut off*" "MAGNETO!"
That's what happened?
O..Oh, Angel was playing Dead Island last night...It's very pretty, if not...really...really violent...
I got burned out from Pokemon, played from the start and then kind of died out in me after Emerald
So I was right.
8hes been gone a while Dari
Me Gusta.
LAWL
I dunno.
I'm up early.....er than my normal, very late weekend time.
10:01 here.
it's... a tad violent
MAGNETO
like dead rising?
hey Dari, so is my computer good enough to stream?
Yeah, Dead Island is violent.
...No, I didn't Mook...The clock was just too fast to do anything...
hey there
can't
gotta study
On phone
Hmm...
Wat?
lol, i meant Dead Rising, the game.
@GodEmperorMeter NewDCD
6 NewDCD is 46% GodEmperor. (1642)
There is a video of what happened
should use caps more often
Oh, good morning, Pinkie Pie. -smile-
Ahh.
Ok.
I'm not in character, Fluttershy, so knock it off. =P
it's an rpg / zombie game hybrid
Magneto is best Pony....
O..oh...sorry. I didn't know.
MAGNETO
Owait
No.
@Modmeter Synros
Lol this video
6 Synros is 85% Mod. (1643)
8ok.....
That's Ghosties.
It's gonna play forever is it not
I LIKE IT
Dari, change the topic! Magneto is now best Pony!
8SM is ghoesties?
Your upload needs to be higher.
8can I be 100% mod?
You don't need to be in character either, please. =P
MAGNETO
It might just be that it's temporarily too low for whatever reason.
It sometimes happens.
8lol
@Modmeter Synros
6 Synros is 14% Mod. (1644)
no
8s*8t
hey bronies, im off for today and maybe tomorrow. wish me luck in my contest
But it needs to be 0.56 ideally.
8atleast 15%
Sorry...it's kind of habit now.
heh
Old fanfiction writers habit seeping in
85% + 14% = 99%
Gonna play some TF2,seeya later everypony
@BestPonymeter Magneto
6 Magneto is 73% BestPony. (1645)
I wish thou luck, mexican.
8lol Dari, thats why I want 15%
thx shad
/me pulls a Rainbow Dash salute
@BestPonymeter RainbowDash
6 RainbowDash is 31% BestPony. (1646)
And oh my gog this video is on repeat.
:O
bye
99% > >100%
LAWL
I went around mimicing Nunnally Vi Britannia for weeks after R2 ended.
:P
Magneto is now best pony
good luck there mexican
Yup
8you know it Herospitir
awesome spanish pony you lol
k
99.9 repeating == 100
How... how long have you been watching this video
Statistically, there is no such thing as 100%.
just two and a half loops, herospirit
Well enjoy your loop.
hey guys what's going on he-
I'll be back later.
:P
and yes, there is such a thing as 100% :P
ah damn did it again and it was .52
Crap you're right. There's just no 100% chance
Twilight is way better at seducing.
That's more like it!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arBE_sHxD8Y
@trollmeter Bjornfot
6 Bjornfot is 98% troll. (1647)
8^
that's 2% too little
Haha
Yeah, sometimes it's just that your internet is derping at the time you do it.
Oh this video
yay can't get any higher then 52
@POMFmeter
6 You are 87% POMF. (1648)
Makes me want to give Dash a kiss on the forehead
...There's never enough raisins in my cereal...
Meh, that should do.
BBL
Need a couple more loops, then.
lame
really?
it would really only be late night streaming
THat's a shame. D:
when just a hadful are on
hand*
I should keep a large thing of raisins to sprinkle in when the box gyps me.
I guess.
Eh?
Those raisins aren't as good though.
One time I had a box that only had raisins on the very bottom. It was rather depressing.
Indee.
*indeed
If I could draw, I'd make sprites of the mane six holding Pokeballs.
8@godmeter
6 You are 34% god. (1649)
8FFFFUUUUU
brb
ROR
8shut up Turgle you'll be the first I ban
ahahahah
k
:D
8:/
@modmeter
6 You are 48% mod. (1650)
I outrank you. Just thought you should know.
uuuh
@modmeter
i want to try too
6 You are 99% mod. (1651)
@modmeter
6 You are 35% mod. (1652)
Welp
lol
Statistics is a bitch
Back.
Guess AllisZero is the next one to get colored text
wait, brb again
8@betterthenPinkiemeter
6 You are 83% betterthenPinkie. (1653)
8HAHAHA
3Inb4 Kick
Synros, i'm 1% more mod than you xD
0Ah, damn it
@better_than_Synrosmeter
6 You are 26% better_than_Synros. (1654)
HHHEEEEEELLLLLLLLLLOOOOO DASH
0Thought we were still kicking!
8ok ok
lol
seductive
8i still have the colored text...so ha
8AGAIN!!
8chica chica
bow chicka bow wow
ummm how long is this?
XD
8 5 or so miutes
-_-
8its on loop till Dari gets back
as seductive as she may be i wish they would put something else on :p
berginers
8so you got about 1-2 hours of it, better start liking it
Okay, back for just a tad bit.
who's streaming?
must.... not.... be attracted....
GAH
xD
ooh nice Dari's streaming.
im assuming Dari is one of the admins or something
0Hahaha
ive only been here twice
Oh, he is?
/me flips on stream
yes he is
he is THE god
he's the owner
ooooh
alright
8WTB another mod to come on so I can get some sleep!!
come on dash just fuck someone already god dammit
>yfw I was not accepted as a mod after my interview
Can't you sleep anyway, Synros?
/me 0slaps ItalianStallion99
owch
0Don't talk like that to Dashie!
8nah, cuase I know if I leave shit will hit the fan
*goes and sries in corner*
8most likely
THE mod never sleeps
0Welcome to being in a position of Power Synros!
8RBD out of f**king nowhere
0I feel like that every time I go to lunch at work
lol, it never hits the fan normally
8lol true true AllisZero
Hi everypony
/me blinks.
Hi
.
8oh just wait, RP
magic
ok, this video is just get weird, or is it get repetative
or is today some special day?
8Turgle will be an ass, and be like DERP SYNROS DERP HE BAD!!!
alright im back from my self pity
srry dashie :(
the game
0It's the same video on repeat
I'm not an ass :C
Every rainbow is caused by RBD, science has proved it.
/me 8pokes Turgle
OH hey
I forgot I had this open
AND i'm not 12
mh!
0Dashie just wants someone to brush her mane
Salutations Fluttershy
aaaaww
how nice
0Seriously though I'd give her a kiss on the forehead.
:D
same
8Fucktardlaserbeam can you please relog with another name
Um...Me or the other..me?
Seriously though, I'd give her a "kiss" on the "forehead," if you know what I mean.
Um.
You :o
lol
so awesome there's two of her lol
XD
=P
Oh, okay then. Hello!
Rainbow Dash makes Nyan Cat look pathetic
You mean you'd give her a kiss on the forehead? :0
one shy cannot contain so much greatness!
/me snickers
Yes, herospirit :P
how much longer is this video
infinite loop
any other mods on?
:O
:D
8infanite
0ForEVERRRR
see?
she's smiling forever
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
The skittles go on forever!
/me accepts gratefully. "Thank you."
we shall call it pony torture
this isnt torture
:D
0No matter how many times this video repeats, you will never pet Rainbow Dash
I can see into forever
0 /sadfrog
i can pet my screen thats close enough
lol
how old is everyone here? just curious?
Lol, Eurobeat Brony.
0Will be 25 in three days.
wait
16
0Feels old man
you are from 1999?
im 20
"I do believe the best bananas come from THE MOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAA!"
im at least 16...thousand years old
30
feels older, man
/me puts the carrot on the pie, and just sort of observes it.
YAY!
:D
heheh~
How bout you stallion99?
if someone was here he'd get it
16 thousand i said
<inside joke>
lol
u know... 16,000
8ah, I'm 17,583. Almost 84
Dang, Eurobeat Brony sings good.
I'm now glad I downloaded this.
Dobabodalo~
8 2 months
so how Celestia then
yo synros remember everybody freaking out back in 560 BC?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
lol
8dude, people freaking out all the time
^so true
true that haha
8ok every respect DAS or else
lukls
0Yeah I still remember those days man
0HAH, fire is too dangerous they said.
I heard it before it was downloadable!
0Look where we are now.
8lol I remember when the gods left too
8sad days
but then the year 0 AD came around and all these religious people started popping up everywhere
CRAZINESS
/me looks deeply into Dash's eyes
really crazy days
I WANT TO MEET RAINBOW DASH IN REAL NOW D:
Guys
9/11.
i can go there and say hi for you guys
8i perfer BCE, and CE
What
Oh.
yes
The day Magneto trolled ponies
Never forget
Remember 9/11 1973.
what magneto
Never forget the day Magneto trolled ponies
I just looked out my door in minecraft and checked my watch wondering why it was dark out in the middle of the day, then I looked up and remembered my doom fortress
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yknRH8dRTBU
8they left you time alter gear?
Minecraft?
Guys I'm gonna go in my secret basement thats somehow upstairs and i'm gonna go through my magic teleporting mirror to equestria. anyone want me to say hi to rainbow dash for them?
Every day when fixated popcorn conspiracies come to life, we all stare at The Scream.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WFyzadnA79k <--- old, but so true.
Did somebody say... Minecraft?
only thing that bothers me about the A.D./B.C. thing is that it's two different languages.
aye
shes actually really chill in person :P
say hi for me
8wait IS, you have a seret basement thats..upstairs?
yep.
Minecraft?
8ok...
i go down some stairs but i look outside and i only went up
I said Minecraft, is that bad?
thats where i keep my secret basemant
somebody help me
8like I said BCE, before common era
0I always thought A.D meant After Death
0LUL
HAVE YOU CAME YET!!??
0Go figure.
AAAAAAAAAAA.... you know what, I give up
After Dash
8ok I have to mute this song
alright guys im goin down... erm... up.. um... GAH whatever I'm going to equestria now wish me luck
The year of our Lord; Anno Domini
sorry boutthat
8cya IS
Anyone know a list of programs that play MP4s? Or at least how to install a codec for Windows Media Player?
!Minecraft1.8
best of luck
:p
...QuickTime
VLC
I prefer A.D. and B.C. though, I think it's silly to change it now...
something like that
VLC plays EVERYTHING.
can we please watch something else
Its true
my VLC doesn't like MKVs
Volume Liquidator Consumer.
mine does
No can do, Dash has taken over the stream
it plays them but it does so begrudgingly
8sry no can do Dark_Heart. streamer went afk for the next hour
then your MKV is borked!
0^
Mario Koopa Vomit.
I like VLC, Quicktime annoys me because for a site I frequent it makes a browser player and keeps me from easily downloading the files.
She won't stop until you're 100% seduced
darn
Look up my little magneto at the gala in the docs area
8 1--%
0That was 30 minutes ago
@seducedmeter
6 You are 18% seduced. (1655)
0Gonna go watch T&B, be right back
8@how suduced neter
0@seducedmeter
I'm already 120% seduced
8AHhh crap
gonna be a looooong day
6 You are 70% seduced. (1656)
Still got quite a ways to go
0 70%, yeah that's about right
0Little more than 20% to go
8you tell me Turgle, ive been up for a whole day so far
@seducedmeter
6 You are 32% seduced. (1657)
i... see
8but Luna should be on soon
lol
So, what's everyone doing?
EUrobeat Brony: "I occasionally play Hat Fortress 2".
sweet
Well it's just 1.5 times as much as 20%, so "about" 20%
quicktime's sole purpose is being a virus magnet, although flash is heading strong fo that position and probably overtook it by now
Stare Master.
Talking about Magneto and Mine Craft.
what the... you guys are STILL ON HERE? I've been gone for like 2 god damn days!
Bronies never die.
Sweetie Belle is about to sing...
Bro force
You know, for some strange reason, Eurobeat Brony's voice sounds similar.
wow that was a nice high there man
To someone I know. Maybe it's just me.
Who's this Synros guy, anyway?
wait a minute... space time continuum usually screws up the time on my trips. i was in equestria for at LEAST 48 hours. how long was i really gone for?
8a god
8or sorts
Maybe. Mostly likely, but for the purpose of being interesting, IT'S A SECRET IDENTITY
|----------------------------------------------|
5 min
this much
k.
woah
Well, I'm gonna eat some food.
WITNESS MY RETURN AND TRIUMPH
8nice to meet you Bjornfot
GUYS I HAVE AWESOME NEWS. RAINBOW DASH SAYS HI TO YOU ALL
As an OP?
:D
well it was more of a "hey" but still
eH?
**Eh?
What? <.<
>.>
She's "saying hi" to us right now, in fact...
with her eyes
lol yeah just look to the left of this chat
anyways
So is there any codec that makes Window MEdia Player MP4 copmpatible?
/me watches random things on youtube
I was fortunate enough to be able to stay at Twilights while I was there. HEr house smells like wood.
uhhm ffdshow?
i bet
Isn't that a convertor?
LOL
.......... why Celestia why?
no its a... codecpackage
or something
and Pinkie actually was having a party the moment i materialized into the room.
it was akward
8just mute it Dark_heart
lol
8thats wat I did :p
it is
8oh
its the image
8:O
or get mediaplayer classic
8RBD is best pony
screw it , I'm going to youtube
^
agreed
i lul at you synros
one thing that the producers don't let the kids know is that there is actually drinking and violence and... other stuff... in their world just like ours.
:(
lol, you know you love it
naw, codecpacks are horrible and cause DLL hell
Silly Synros that's not how you spell Twilight.
i had to use that one once with weird encoded mp4 files
gtg, cya everypony
no they dont nashy
I hadf that but I don't think it worked. Or I just don't know how to make them work
thats not how you voth spell Rarity
These new mods... bah
ffdshow is awesome though
ffdshow is basicly one codec that can playback anything
forget codecpacks, install VLC or smplayer
later brah
cya
GUYS GUESS WHAT I DID
8yes Bjornfot?
nah i dont wanna make anyone jealous
although i do love jello
you fantasised about Dash again, I take it
codecpacks are just a bunch of files that get installed to system32 and can't be uninstalled
8I'm sry I don't come with explosions, cars, and machine guns
damn, I almost forgot that today is 9/11's tenth anniversary
flkkn lckhn:)
well just can just delete system32
they can be uninstalled
YEW NEED TO GO TWO DA MOON
Nope. While i was in Equestria i asked Rainbow Dash if I could pet her on the head, and SHE LET ME DO IT. It was freakin awesome but only lasted a couple seconds :(
i ahve all that
I haven't used codecpacks in years, ffdshow and VLC made them redundant
TUMBLR ON DUTY
i obce petted a rainbow dash once but it was expensive
once
/me is scared of youtube, shakes in corner
youve been to equestria too?
EPIK
no hollis and queens
ooo
I've downloaded codecpacks but they didn't do anything. :<
the real one is better
i know QQ
she made me do things after it was scary
shes so soft.... and beautifull.... and sex-ALRIGHT MOVING ON
why can't i hold all these codecs?
Because they are not physical objects.
Anti-joke chicken.
Oh another thing i should mention: drunk ponies are fuckiong hilarious!!!
What was that?
lol
Nashy: unless you print them!
The mane six were there and the only one who wasnt getting... tipsy... was twilight
But then you're not holding the codec...
thats Twi
You're holding a printout of some representation of the data in it.
who cares about a c less or more?
8what are you talkign about IS?
yep. she says she can handle it but i dont think she can
why can't i hold all these code?
I went to equestria remember?
:pokerface:
8oh
8right....
Why can
i just got back. Space time messed up my trip so on earth i was gone for 5 minutes
but i was there for like 2 days
Why can't I hold all these?
8in ur magic portal thats in your secret basement that is in your attic
yep
:megusta:
my SECRET attic :D
and RB said hi
sry i meant to say RD
I want one of these http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvTRKmjVUWY&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Equestrian Innovations - Portal to Equestria" - "EDIT: #15 - Top Favorited (Today) - Film &amp; Animation You make me proud, ponies. ---- We&#39;re back, and we&#39;ve got something we think you&#39;re all going to be very..."
Why can't you accidentally the whole of these?
MIne seems a lot safer than that 0_0
:P :p epik
So with 1,740,000 views left to go, 40 milliopn page views by season 2 is guaranteed.
i just look at my mirro and put on my magic ruby slippers and tap them 3.46 times and POOF im flying through the universe!
Not if we all stop visiting!
Engel Sonne
Ha, stop visiting
Nashy, that's hilarious
That's a joke.
Guaranteed, no.
Ich will endrusse
*cough* i mean my MANLY SNEAKERS
Probable? Perhaps.
Probable to the degree of certainity? S
i
lol
Rammstein goes great with poniez!
Lol, still this
Rammstein as a pony. Now.
99% confidence?
You guys are the best. The very best.
OH CELESTIA, I WANT RBD SO MUCH NOW
Absolutely
dark heart come with me to equestria sometime
shes fun to hangout with
i would if i weren't made of dark matter
AH, Dark Matter, Shmark Matter, you can go throught the portal!
I'll give you my right arm to take me to Equestria @_@
!link happy
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/23141
alrighty then
your right arm and a nickel
plz
I could implode their world if I entered
whoa
whoa
That link... is it safe?
A quarter!
hm....
MAYBE if i ask politely i can bring rainbow dash into our world for JUST a little while
happy luna is happy
lol
!link http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/23141
Twilight told me this picture is about sisters filly cute sun sunset (and 7 more)
My right arm and a quarter!
be right back you guys imma go see if she wants to come to earth
I warn you, I'm a savvy negotiator
Hello everypony.
for Luna's sake this is not going to end wll
well
Only ponies? That's... speciesist.
the link is about as safe as this one:
8you cannot IS
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=Vq5xHZQMQC8
Twilight told me this video is about Sex with Ponies.
D_D
0_0
8her body is vibrating a different frequency. Bringing her into our worl would cause her to be ripped apart
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_7u3nhANa4
completely sfw.
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Time Warp - The Rocky Horror Picture Show" - "** I DO NOT OWN THIS SONG ** Song from the Musical: The Rocky Horror Picture Show. Time Warp - Performed by Riff Raff (Richard O&#39;Brien), Magenta (Patricia Qu..."
Guys, this is complicated. Celestia says I can only bring here here attached to like a magic tether thing and she only has 5 minutes.
Hey guys. Let's do the Timewarp again.
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2aEsr_2Cfp4
I need to ask Twilight about that one.
Twilight told me this video is about Gamer Commute
Shes attached to a magic tether thing, dont worrt synros
LETS DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN
Rammstein goes great with poniez!
Guys I'm gonna do some streaming :D
guys i have rainbow dash here with me any of you wanna talk to her? 4 minutes left
/me facehoofs
I used to love Rammstein.
8I approve Dark_heart.
But now it gets on my nerves to listen to it.
axdc: it does?
yo dash, your the greatest pony in the world
Yes, Stallion, yes
She's flattered, haha
stream what?
(her hooves are too big for the keyboard)
ponies?
himself
8lol this is funny
aww
8TIME WARP!
Me singing pony songs
I want ponies.
so she types like thei
hey dash, LETS DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN
kl;asdfm,.sdfakl;
hmm... that's pony related
"Oh no, the trip i just took to Earth was CRAZY enough" she says
I'mlive folks
What's up guyz?
:(
Take us back to Equestria with you! ;_;
Do not haz URLz
http://www.justin.tv/sketchy_sounds I'm on here. Go for the live broadcast. You may need to sit through an ad.
likin park goes great with poniez as well!
sry guys
im back
HTTP 400 it says
8tell RBD I'll see her soon. She should know what the means.
You guys gotta come to my secret attioc basement
I'm not a fan of Linkin Park.
Really not a fan.
if u wanna go to equestria
0Wow
Seems to be working fine for others
RBD laughed
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-seDrv1eQo
Meh everything goes well with ponies.
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Moldova - SAX GUY EDITION - Eurovision Song Contest 2010" - "Flattr This! https://flattr.com/thing/96641/Moldova-SAX-GUY-EDITION-Eurovision-Song-Contest-2010 Just love being SAXROLLED - The reason to wear white raybans..."
seems legit
0Did NOT expect this development
Seems very legit
Ponies go with... Ponies?!
it is legit...?
0Kotetsu dying pretty much kills the show
No way.
Really?
How do I get there from the middle of the USA, Italian? :I
Ponies go with everything
RBD says you guys seem to know more about her than she expected
looks like IE doesnt work for that site
and she also says why is there a video of her on replay on this page?????
IE works for anything? :D
0After watching this video a hundred times you bet I know
0every
0inch
lol synros gonna rape dash you bastard and i thought you loved me!
0of Rainbow Dash
/me is in trollmode today
yes it does
alright shes blusing but in shock a little
/me using IE8
thats embarassing haha
Give me directions to the attic Italian. :I
Johnseytroll
DONT TELL HER ABOUT RULE 34
oh yeah right, it works quite well for getting infected!
the problem is probably because its rerouting to the german site of justin tv and that screws things up
Great. johnsey|trollmode is in trollmode.
PLEASE
i'll be here all night!
Wait. When isn't he!? Bahahah!
8uhm, I do love you Das. I meant Im goign to collect her soul.
Rule 34 is a weapon that crushes souls
art of the dress :o
RBD:"What's rule 34 about?"
Me:"Dont ask"
What's going on?
DAS
/me brohoofs Das
8nonon we are not getting onto Rule 34
thank you
Sketchy_Sounds is singing Art of the Dress.
lol
And playing guitar.
he meows
Is it good?
RBD:"Sooo you guys know a lot about me, huh?"....
ME:"More than you want to know."
i always gotta think of fart of the dress since i made that typo.
I want to sing with him.
lol johnsey
best typo
It's decent, some mistakes and pauses.
0.0.
0Tell Dash we can also, you know, for some favors...
hes also sick
0Kidnap and immobilize Spitfire
0And... stuff
...................
0Uh, I mean, if she wants us to
Allis U so silly
It's unrehearsed live, can't really expect perfection :P
RBD:"What!? Why would I want you guys to- ooooh. That."
0Yeeeah
RBD:"
I know I've asked this before, but HOW LONG IS THIS VIDEO
8I'm going to see, when we're not streaming House, if Luna can play Rocky Horror Picture Show again
Hey Herospirit
RBD:"I dont know why everypony on Earth thinks I'm a lesbian!"
8hellow Rainbow_dash
Too many rainbow dashes
:)
RBD:"Hello"
she can't, Synros. Movies can ONLY be streamed during the BMN OR for special occasions.
Hi Synros
8:(
NO
Sketchy_Sounds:.
I'm a crash :0
its diff
cmon rainbow dash was my thing
such as for July 4th, they streamed Independence day and Saving Private Ryan
Lol
>:I i'm different
okay
^.^
You should use the arpeggio version of Art of the Dress instead of the full chords.
8i c
RBD:"Oh dont even get me started with that Rainbow Crash joke. -_-"
Herospirit, every instance of Rainbow Dash is another instance of awesome
<Octavia> I am being nice
(I'm around since night #2, I remember mah stuff well)
>:D
RBD:"Well, I am pretty awesome."
8good to know Derm
ME:"You really are. :)"
8a veteran
so if you have any question, don't be afraid to ask
8lol IS still doing his thing?
RBD:"A veteran? of like a war?"
yes i am
haha
8ha its cute
RBD:"I am? You really think?'
D'AAAAAAW
0Okay, time for a bit of Deus X
(good luck Allis)
RBD:"Deus... X...?"
8oh course RBD is f'ing cute
RBD:":D"
yay cupcakes
8oh btw IS, its been well over 4 minutes....she gunna die bro
RBD:"Althought the seductive picture of me to the left is getting old"
http://justin.tv/sketchy_sounds .. if anypony wants to listen
i have never heard him sing the hop skip and a jump song
8tether is worn out
RBD:"And i have to leave in a minute
8lol
RBD:"Well, I have to go back to Equestria now. "
ME: "RAINBOW NO DONT LEAVE US"
!link octavia
8baiii
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/45578?search=Octavia
/me waves at Das to try to get his attention
Yo, Das, you there?
6 more days till season 2 everypony, so get your http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zU9o8cN39BQ&feature=related
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Equestrian Innovations - Emergency Pony Supplement" - "There will always be neighsayers to science, but they will never succeed. Videos used: Equestria Girls Television Short - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTPq..."
8want me to skype him Dern>
8Derm*
What is this
Daz shows up offline in skype
I just turned on the stream..
soooooooo
giggle at the ghosty o/~
Alright guys shes back in Equestria :/
im suprised the stream runs so smoothly with torrents running
Now about this attic of yours, Italian....
8he afk
Managed the hyperfastpinkie part well.
yes?
6>mfw .52
my SECRET ATTIC you mean
6My upload is 8
which is also my basement
6...not .8
6 8
"Nothing I can say: a total eclipse of the heart"
Where would this SECRET ATTIC to equestria be? :I
8vat a twist!
So IT99, next time you go over, say hi to Luna for me
Poor Kitten, I think she's broken
in my house???
and i will
Where is said house. :I
United States
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35TbGjt-weA
of Arabia
i forgot
/me jumps back in the awesome that is the Space Marine competitive multiplayer (already 30 hours in the game total, it came out on the 6th)
What State. :I
plz, will someone change the video, sorry for being picky
We're making this happen
perfect voice for doing flutterguy
ME
sooo tired...
wow i can hear him whistling. go new mic
whistling Singing Telegram
:G!
HI:D
its a classified location
you just have to believe you can go ther with me and youll appear here
trust me
BELIEVE IN ME
I don't believe in myself
I believe in you who believes in me
hey there.
rawr
There's someone else in the house D:
It's not workin dawg
Wow what a username.
I believe in tacos
nice nick name
Pretty descriptive for sure
he's not experienced in the art of trolling though.
Also I just woke up recently, so if some 17 year old in his underwear appears in your attic, don't be too freaked out.
trolling is a art?
okie dokie lokie
it is.
k
EEyup.
8waitwut?>
Nope, this still isn't working.
i am a new here can you tell what people do in there
It's IRC.
lol
They talk about stuff.
I felt the pang of BELIEFIFICATION in my heart, but no attic
My_little_Pinkie: we talk about MLP and once in a while we !moon each other
That's me back on the camera now, lolz
Link to random stuff.
!link
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/media/src/131162047807.swf
Roleplay ponies, I guess.
Sketchy_Sounds: with your new voice you could do the evil enchantress by flutterguy
I like mlp:fim werry much
Sketchy_Sounds: I want to sing with you. :3
hah
404 on that, Derpy!
Derpy derped.
x3
;-;
Belief has a pang by the way.
TMI time with Sketchy
sry guys i was moving a couch
:0
i have to go close my pool soon i dont have all time to talk right now
e have you cknow eny mlp:fim games
In your basement attic?
YES
BELIEVE IN YOURSLEF
I am genious
equestriagaming.com
I BELIVE IN MYSELF, AND I"M BURNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AH!!!
a oky
I'll keep practicing this belief thing
8believe in the RBD
im going back toEquestira guys im gonna tell them im gonna have guests next time so we can party at pinkies lol
brb
There was one posted recently on EqD as well... Super Filly Adventure or so.
Really short though.
alright, they say they'll get ready
i believe in the burning of all who oppose me
And there are 2 pony games on the Hub website.
BE READY BY 2:00 today
now the great on has to do shishes
or earlier
Which isn't very special except for the third ending
:) Poniiiiies
Herd Super Filly adventure was grimdark through.
^.^
Ooo Sketchy_Sounds is singing at the gala
*heard
gala o/~
i asked him to
Omigosh Hi everypony!!!
Hi!
It's not grimdark D_D
wow loooog day ahead of me if i can't type right
It's not grimdark except for the third ending, which may be completely missed
this is, like, the hardest song too
@RBDseducedmeter
6 You are 95% RBDseduced. (1659)
Curly: !
best part is guys, we can go there for a week or longer and only be gone for an hour here on Earth
:D
8ok good its almsot over
/me pours some gasoline on Cat
hi :O
It all just depends do you play it between 11PM and 5AM or so forth
wuts up?
yay
Since the ending is triggered to happen only during that timeframe
hello!
I have now moved into university accommodation?
What is Grimdark ending?
for those who are curious, RBD's mane feels like normal hair
Is Sketchy doing a stream? Can someone give me the link? I'll copy it this time!
i didnt taste it i pet it
:D
http://justin.tv/sketchy_sounds .. if anypony wants to listen
cool
I had a date last night \o/
brb
Thank you!
Curly: I got stood up last night
:/
D:
well, on friday
Back.
Story of the Blanks is dark though.
its ok
KershaFangs, as in what the word itself means or what's the ending about?
finally
8WOOT DARI!
she wasnt too hot
8END THIS MADNESS!
XD
Aw, I missed the Rainbow Dash bit.
Nashy, did you get that third ending?
>.>
Neva!
yes plz
The ending itself
hahah
no
#ytalk
only awesome people
sorry cat :/
Well, better you play it for yourself. it's not that special. Kinda like Story of the Blanks, so to speak
What game?
Super Filly Adventure
A new pony game?
Hi Sketchy!!!
It was posted yesterday
Heheheh.
Eh, play that annoying battle again. I'll skip that.
Aren't you enjoying it? :P
it was
How do you people discover these so fast?
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Nashy, you don't have to play the boss battle to achieve it
/me is making a justin Tv account so he can show off.
^Pinkie Pie: See also: Infinite Monkeys Theory.
8seriously Dari.....
:3
OMG Curly
Two of the three endings are achieved with the boss battle, the third is a bit different
It's the internet. word travels very fast.
I GOT BLUE PAPER TOWELS
Is the game long?
And that the game itself hints to it
/me pets Cat
I am starting to hate Rainbow Dash just from overexposure.
Nah, 10min tops
/me lights Cat on fire
i thought the song was longer
8my d'awwww meter hit full like 40 minutes ago
like 30 secs or so
Oh come on. Inter-universal traveling, talking magic ponies, and secret attic basements? this is all normal!!!!
Word travels at close to C.
the one ingram uploaded
8oh gawd
And FourCartridge, there are some hints in the game and so forth
I just wanted to know. After learning about Zalgo and Creepypasta, I am apprehensive about all.
Didn't take long for people to find that ending
/me goes and listens to fantasia
WWU o/~
So amI, to the point where I'm desensitized to it all.
8hmmm im go try that
Dang it, I wanna show this place my singing talent.
Well, there's a video of it on YOuTube, if you just wanna check that one out instead
i guessed it lulz
Oh, and I've also gotta find a way to make music.
8Dari you know wat time it is?
TIME FOR A PARTY
Adventure time?
8TIME WARP!!!!
PIZZA PARTY
LETS DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN
LEEEETS DOOOO THE TIIIIIME WAAAARP AGAAAAAAAAIN
OH THAT REMINDS ME I NEED TO GO BACK TO EQUESTRIA TO HELP PREPARE FOR THE FESTIVITIES. I HOPE YOU GUYS LIKE DRINKING WITH PONIES.
8inb4 spam
It's just a jump to the left!
8louder
yay
8:3
so i need a checklist. who's comind to Equestria later?
*coming
My only "musical" contribution to the internet is a song about kittuns in bags.
AWW YEAH TIME WARP
8just came
I'll try Italian. I'll try.
LETS DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!!!!! and this time with feeling
But yeah. The third ending is pretty much: talk to everyone (talk to Pinkie before handing down all the invintations) including the pets, give derpy a good muffin and then head back to Zecora when your computer's clock is set between 11PM and 5AM
Hmm.
Me, herospirit, who else?
But dang it, I wanna sing and stuff.
Oh god
Pinkie said the hacksaw line
But my belief stat is far too low for the travel to your attic.
i'll try to make it IT99, no mpromises
8there is Bjornfot
Yeah, I was kinda weirded out by the random line
8wb
I'll use my BELIVING powers to bring you here
LEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET'S DOOOOOOO THE TIME WAAAAARP
AGAIIIIN
Oh, I've been her all the time. Silently watching you all.
I saw a recording of the 3rd ending for Super Filly World.
dont worry everyone, i have enough belief to go around
8ah, plotting my demise?
That startled me. o_o
lol
They made a SMW hack?
Super Filly Adventure
It isn't a SMW hack
oh
For really trully Stallion? :3
you know what? EVEYRBODY HERE IS INVITED. ur welcome
/me has dshed hopes
A flash game some fellow posted up yesterday
Do the Magnetofied Pony Polka!
*dashed
Yes. You're cursed with the hipster colour, Synros.
i dont need no damn checlist
@TIME_WARPmeter
6 You are 79% TIME_WARP. (1660)
Magneto?
8yah, its meh color till he gets back
8then I'm stuck with boring old grey
They already made like 3 mario games with ponies D:
Do Ponies know how to do the timewarp?
So this game features the Cupcakes version of PP
2
sweeeeetiebelllleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee it
only Rainbow Dash so far
^PinkiePie, way off
Sweetie Belle?
HARDCOREROCKOUT
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
its gust a step to the left
i havent brought anyone else to earth yet
She just quotes the hacksaw line, but doesn't do anything non-Pinkie, really
and then jump to the right
Or is it insane Applejack?
OH I GOTTA GO NOW ILL SEE YOU ALL AT 2:00
No one's insane
Sweetie Belle version is so much better.
bye
see ya
Something else is
/me rummages through dirty clothing
yay
But yeah, don't talk to Pinkie after handing down the invintations, if you want the third ending
*Sweetie Belle is so much better.
FTFY
Budgie just had a heart attack, thanks.
/me equips moderately clean shirt and wind pants in preperation for party
I made "Muffins?"
No third ending for you then
so what are we going to watch now?
Unless it accepts that muffin too
CMCcccccccccccccc
I have thought of some ponified lyrics to Profesor E. Gadd's theme.
yesssss
o/~
I've always wondered what this song would sound like it Scootaloo wasn't singing it. They deliberately gave her an awful singing voice.
But yeah, I'm pretty sure the game's gaining popularity just because of that ending
She's gonna try to fight a dragon
Someone should write "Anarchy in Equestria".
I talked to PP.
well ingram said there is a good sung version of the song
now we only need to force him to release it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws4UVguoZjM&feature=feedlik
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Lazer Collection 5" - "Shoop da...uh...five. Shoop da five. Yes. Written, Animated, and Music by Dom Fera http://www.dfearstudios.com http://www.facebook.com/domfera --- Jack and D..."
Sung by who?
by the same people
Ah.
Excellent!
/me freefalls into the channel with a loud snoring sound
!link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jC5nuITsJ30
How do you freefall if you're not awake? Isn't that just... falling?
Twilight told me this video is about secret ending
I ought to make a a pony game at some point
Is DerpyBot one of those bots that chat up whenever certain words appear?
Like a Makarvian or something?
Effective weightlessness Muthaforker
!link derpy
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/45399
Pretty much
Can she roll a dice?
Also, blarck
!flip
Can she use an 8ball?
/me flies up in the air and does a backflip
/me lands safely on her hooves
She can do that
Really?
Spent over five hours attempting make a Derpy papercraft, plus another hour on top of that getting supplies
Moar music!
!s2
Season 2 begins in 5d:20h:17m:27s
IT LOOKS HIGHLY DERP. And is not finished 6_9
Hmm, !link, !flip, !muffin, !kill, !moon, !s2, !lullaby and so forth
Can I go 8ball?
I just did the dragon boss fight
!8ball Are you working?
8ok mods are on, now I sleep
Aww... no 8ball function?
I'm guessing the grimdark ending deals with derpy
:o
something funny
O.o
Ok Synros, night.
Or, err.
Pinkie, no
Morning.
8no sleep?
2,14 good night synros
Ok, then I'll just find out.
Just that one of the requirements is giving a good muffin to depry
Well, I'll be checking dA for a bit.
Turns out I didn't need Paul Bunyun's incarnation to help me with the tree I needed to clean up, I just ripped it out of the ground with my bare hands
8I hope I didn't leave the chat in that much a bad condition
You should be a lumberjack then.
8lol
lol
First and second endings are pretty much the same. Just that the difference is if Derpy's at the party or not
nice
What's left... That Grand Galloping Gala Pinkie song...
8ok nitenite
2,14 "He was a great teacher! I didn't learn anything"
I want that teacher teaching me
Ah, Poniator.
0Dawww
0http://images.4chan.org/a/src/1315756328801.jpg
Remember to change your clock to 11PM or so
You should learn some of the jokey songs like Sea Ponies and the intro to G3.5.
soooooooups on, everypony
sweet
That's the thing some forget
Why?
What for?
Oh, is it creepypasta?
that is a teacher
Pretty much
Gotcha.
Changing time to 11 PM
And yeah, the programmer coded it that it won't trigger if it's not 11PM - 5 AM
is anyone goign to do a Let's Play of it?
0Was never much of a fan of Android 18
0But that's dawtastic
Well, if there was a let's play for Story of Blanks, I guess?
Alright, now I can do it.
/me dunks head in Hayfever's soup
Put your hooves in the air!
hey apollo
yay Sketchy_Sounds
<3
XD
justin tv died on me
/me joins the cheer
0Sorry what
I turned it to 11:00 PM
You have the best teachers
So, it works that way?
Just don't talk to Pinkie after handing down the invintations and instead go to Zecora
Gotcha.
OOoh, Everfree...
Your space-ship is crashing into an uncharted planet that supposedly is capable of supporting life. Your survival chance is 1% and you have ten seconds 'til contact. What is the last thing you say to your crew?
can I suggest a video
Let's do this
Nice knowing you.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlBiLNN1NhQ
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Always Look On The Bright Side of Life" - "Life of Brian http://www.amazon.com/Monty-Python-Trinity-Pythons-Meaning/dp/B001E12ZAM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;s=dvd&amp;qid=1226692215&amp;sr=1-1"
Geronimoooo!
2,14 no, dari will just turn off the stream and watch it in private
aww yeah
slipknot goes great with poniez!
Impact in 10 seconds flat!
I'd swear but it wouldn't be right.
So long and thanks for all the fish?
0Is that david tenant?
For me? "It was a pleasure working with you gentlement. Now raise your hands in the air, because it's more fun that way."
0What...
0The...
"Season 2 was probably going to suck anyway."
What is this.
Alternate answer: See what you people get for making me captain?
You've never seen this before?
I am disappoint.
0Nope, Dari
2,14 how have you never seen life of brian?
0Hey I don't watch TV, or most movies :(
Delivered all the invitations
^.^
Even to derpy
I get nervous when Octavia hasn't said anything and suddenly Sketchy starts laughing.
She's not letting me in...
D:
secrets and lies
PinkiePie, talked to everyone so that they start repeating themselves?
And talked to the pets aswell?
I don't even know what life of brian is.
i like your taste in music AXDC
hah
...
/me glowers at various parties.
What the fuck.
How?
i said something, wonder what it was ....
hmmm
it's a movie done by Monty Python
skillet goes great with poniez!
MFW top comment: "and this how the Brtis﻿ won WW2"
0But that was David Tennant wasn't it?
AXDC your bands are bad.
request: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y463g76MFRw&list=PL6C6EDB804043C232&index=9
2,14 ....
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Regular Ordinary Swedish Meal Time - Painful Patriotic Pancakes" - "Pancakes. Lots of you wanted to see them. Like this? WELL EITHER WAY ITS GOOD FOR YOU! Pre-dinner mayo with pretty spoons? Obvious case is obvious. Facebook:..."
No...?
Sorry, but yeah.
0WELL DAMN
OH LOL
but i lik metal!
Bjornfot, these again. XD
REGULAR
ORDINARY
Yes.
SWEDISH MEAL TIME
0Oh this is gonna be good
IN SWENGLISH
what the buck
Freebird and Rainbow Dash
/me raps Shaico on the head with a socked hoof.
IT'S GOOD FOR YOU
/me metalgearsolidalertnoise
/me leaps at Luna_In_Socks, hugs on the mind
0Oh lol
/me is startled. "Wack!"
I feel really bad for whoever's cleaning this
mayo whould be the swedish national food
Is is me or is AllisZero typing in a completely camouflaged color?
that's a lot of salt.
0They're funny but
Bwahaha
three days grace go great with ponies!
Twilight's gonna read Cupcakes
0it looks white to me, DE
lol
I want Anarchy in Equestria
I lol'd
Sex Pistols goes great with ponies?
yes
Manliest fucking pancakes.
0hahaha
This is how I always cook.
Lawl.
I'm going to try this some time.
Talked to everypony so they could repeat themselves
0>puts back the spoon he just took to his mouth
0That's disgusting as balls
Zecora STILL won't let me through
...?
no, that's manly
Cooking like an ordinary swede.
0HAHAHA
It's Pancakeman!
Hmm
you said you want Anarchy in Equestria
!link awesome
Perhaps I should just look it up
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/42097
Did you talk with Pinkie before?
no
Fantomas goes well with ponies.
yes
Though I have never seen a PMV with Fantomas...
:\
Nope.
Mfw I tried to close the add
Was I supposed to?
ad*
Yep
So it's too late now
Gotta restart
Restart your browser while at it
Why?
0Oh man
He got it1
SOAD GOES GREAT WITH PONIEZ!
Some comments say it won't work without that, though, on my computer it worked without it too
these guys are the best
Again, I feel so bad for whoever is cleaning this
0YFW this becomes just as popular as Epic meal time
I should restart my computer, then.
Or...
Could I just look it up?
It's good for you.
And this is because of the clock changing thing
what am i watching? and why does it make me want pancakes?
>yfw it becomes more popular than "epic" meal time
Well, I can link you the YouTube video
Ok.
I'm going to show this to all my friends.
Then we'll probably try cooking like these guys.
is the stream laggy or is it just my connection?
green **** for ****s
I'll do it tomorrow
Or tonight...
But I'll get myself the vid
The stream keeps shutting off for me
Black Flag + ponies?
SOAD goes great with poniez!
i think it's on dari's end, insertcupcake
You said that already.
and lagging yah
ah k
Well actually, can you net me a good vid?
0Hahaha
Hm
0Too good
/me powerglomps KShrike
i like these guys
What about the shutting off? Anyone else getting that?
0Just did for me herospirit
Bah.... I'll just restart my computer.
Will that work?
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Vocal Free Episodes 16+17+18 + Message From Will Anderson! (http://tinyurl.com/6e93k4j)
bzzzzt
Ohp, now it's offline.
Ok, back up now.
Try this.
cool.
0Wow
0That makes me hungry
2,14 I'm sorry...that looks absolutely revolting
0It does
Derishush
0But makes me hungry anyway
>haters are welcome
I really like this song again!!
0hahahaha
0HIS FACE
And then they all vomited
05regular, ordinary, swedish MEAL TIME!
smörgåstårta is king
05agreed
Wonder if The Clash "Career Opportunities" would work for a CMC video.
oh those sweeds
So what do they say in the "next time we..." bits?
Luna_In_Socks, yeah i requested it. its pretty
random stuff
05did catch that one
now he just burped
0Choppy choppy choppy bitch
oh
and hoo.
Play Straight to Hell :P
Not yet, silly! Owlie won't be here for another minute!
umad
Owlies are my favourite birds. They like my nights.
Dat poker face
love how he keeps not catching it
owls suck
I hunt them for sport.
0My bro is like
boxes are for shipping, not speaking
/me raps Retsamoreh on the head with a socked hoof.
Trolly. Owlie, get him!
with a chaingun too
Hoo. (Channel stats page updated! View at: http://kamek.piiym-net.com/chromadancer )
0"This looks gross"
Take that!
It's so much more fun with a chaingun.
0As if the stuff Epic Meal time makes isn't almost exclusively gross as shit
NO. LIES.
/me hunts Retsamoreh for sport
05its quite tasty really
Whoo nelly, it's pool weather today, I tell ya
Now say you're sorry.
Pineapple!
Not here, Doctor Scraps
You can't make me.
!link socks
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/38724
2,14 well no, some of the stuff he's made looked good
O_o
I can see a storm from the library
2,14 just that one was...eh
ya.....i think
Which is why I'm at the library
Dawww
You could send me to SPACE and I wouldn't be sorry.
!link ship
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/41317?search=cuttlefish
i would eat that with just the pancakes and the meat
Dude. He just juiced a Pineapple. WITH HIS HAND.
We won't be due for one of those until 5pm or so.
MANLY AS ALL FUCK
I hope it's not innappropriate, or I'm going to cry
OH LOL!
05aaa this one
awww yeah swedish breakfas
!plot
That's quite a ship, Derpy
*wigglewiggle*
0Mayo
Lol.
haha
!link luna plot
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/41684
So, may a humble writer take a poll?
When did "Plot" get turned into the slang for pony butt?
0Oh that can't taste good
Regular Ordinary Swedish Mealtime > Epic Mealtime
^ daaaamn
Is that what it is?
"I watch it for the plot" macros
^
/me scratches his head.
this is what not giving a single fuck looks like
now thats how you make coffee
!link Dashie Pinkie_Pie
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
:(
!link emotional_warfare luna
oh wow...I completely forgot what I was going to say
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/51298
!link sad luna
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/37576?search=favorited_by%3DPrincess_Luna
I keep asking them to take that image down!
!flip
/me flips a muffin
/me catches the muffin with her mouth and eats it before anyone can see which side is up
!flip
/me flips a muffin
/me catches the muffin with her mouth and eats it before anyone can see which side is up
!link Dashie
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
woops
Luna_In_Socks, why?
!link Rainbow_Dash
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/28714
Does juice EVERYTHING with his hands?
!link emotional_warfare big
/me plugs her ears with some muffins
>mfw tune into Sketchy_Sounds, see only hair -> :D
this is my new favorite thing
/me thbppbbpts
!link transformation
that man is Chuck Norris
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/17905?search=forever
0Rofl
Lawl
"Now we know why the Viking invasion of England in 1066 has failed.
They ran out of﻿ mayo.
"
http://justin.tv/sketchy_sounds .. if anypony wants to listen
/me goes back to writing his shipfic about Pinkie Pie and a broom...
I want some The Clash :P
Someone needs to put one of these vids to the scene where Applejack makes Baked Bads
eeyup
lol
05next time, we get a new assistant
05for those who didnt udnerstand it
!link Rainbow_Dash Pinkie_Pie
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/47776
How do I leave just one IRC channel?
Without closing all of my open channels?
/part
hehe
whats wrong with him
05he lives in my town, jsut a few blocsk away
wait
05thats whats wrong with him
LOL
Really?
roushguy: Use /part
Wow.
dat swenglish
Oh
/part [channel name]
Seriously Wrek?
Okay
oh god wrek
05yeah
I was going to let Derpy moon me
:P
2,14 you should try to guest star in it :P
that's suhweeet
Hahaha.
ohai GGgala__
lol blackout
lol
You'd better be getting in one of these videos. We'll know you because you'll be the manly one wearing a Pony shirt.
!link happy luna
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/22831
0^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
05fat chacne they'd let me on the show >.>
/me doesn't believe she knows this song.
/me gets stuck trying to get a broom to sound like Barry White...ponders Terraria...
/me needs to ask Twilight about it.
I don't.
0Oh god
0The stomach
But I never listen to radio or anything D:
/me facehoofs as Twilight tries to listen to it in a book.
Run into their house and juice a pineapple with your face. They'll let you in.
these guys need their own tv show
And never go out partying anymore either.
/me blinks at Luna.
!link Luna in Socks
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/46834
GET THESE GUYS ON TV!
So I rarely hear new music.
!link new
fully dressed luna
Don't try and distract your shenanigans with socks, Moon Lady.
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/39169
certainyl better than a lot of the other crap
true dat
!link I'm naked
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
I can't think of any songs you haven't done already, Sketchy.
for shame luna!
Lawl
See? Creepy, yes?
05correction, he saysa "next time, we find ourselves a new assistant"
LunaOnTheMoon
No need to be like that
/me puts a sock over Luna's horn...Instant dressed Alicorn.
hmm MLP theme? ;G
has he done the "i'm at the grand galloping gala" song?
I think they'd let you in if you're brave enough to be the new assistant.
semlor!
/me smiles "I'm a princess, I can do what I want!"
Darn, season 2 doesn
oops
/me walks around with a sock on her horn
...Or brave enough to eat their recipes
!link luna's first sock
Twilight says she doesn't have anything in the library about that
Season 2 doesnt appear on my satelites future list, so I'll have to rely on the internet. lol
05the recepies ar e legit
just main gala song, none of the pure Pinkie ones.
theres going to be a break after the first two episodes air.. the rest of s2 is in october
05jsut not the means they prepare them on
D=
/me 's face reddens at the other Luna's antics.
/me approves of sockhorn Luna. B3
yeah, he did it already Blums
You know what I mean :P
2,14 I'd be willing to bet they don't actually eat the poorly prepared ones
aww. i was sure that one was discreet enough
Yay, WWU again!
05ofc they dont
2,14 and make legit ones for the eating process
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/54934?search=pinkie_pie%20rainbow_dash%20-human
05no one in their right midn would
MACHO SALAD!
LunaInSocks, sorry
At least, I assume you sang it before I came in.
LunaOnTheMoon, go back to your room young lady.
dat gut
I would Wrek. I would.
/me frowns. "I don't want to. I like it out here. There's another me! With socks1"
what about the extended verse of the mlp theme? or the extended hop skip and a jump
Oh wait, you said in their right mind.
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/54942?search=pinkie_pie%20rainbow_dash%20-human oh my...
neither of those Blums
This is the chat for the big ponies, Luna.
awesome. there will always be more ponies
0Oh god
retsamoreh luna is thousands of years old..
XD
!mail Retsamoreh_Writing armed 2 kg C4 explosive
Thank you for using the.. Uhm..ah..what did you want me to do again? 6_9
0Panda ones are great
Manly cooking.
or at least 1k plus
MACHO SALAD
OH THIS
oh sweet Luna
THIS IS GREAT
LOL
Oh God.
XD
0Wat
What the heck
NAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
See what you're doing, Luna
/me will never tell her hage
So I'm just going out on a limb and staying Tumblr is the only Cancer this fandom has...Then again, I hate Tumblr...
People are trying to blow me up
he did probably the best gala rendition yet, too, Blums
best gala?
I caught the end of the Gala song. Definitely seemed good!
Lol. Dari
What's so bad about tumblr?
why tumblr doctor scraps?
Lawl.
2,14 and dari has created a YTP
XD
/me frowns, "Come Retsa, lets leave luna_in_socks to her own place"
"Press 9, 9, 5, 5, 4, 4, 5 for "Twinkle twinkle little stars"﻿"
lol
Homemade poop
...Have you read the Tumblr Ponies...?
My god
!LINK http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/48885
Twilight told me this picture is about fluttershy seriously_wtf artist:sweatshirt trypophobia holes (and 2 more)
Pinkamena alone is nightmare fuel.
Ask Twilight etc?
im guessing that Dari is streamer?
Oh hey
theyre not all bad
d[-_-]b
NO RLY
/me raises an eyebrow at LunaOnTheMoon.
ask suprise is nice
It's Spongeshy Flutterpants!
...?
And Mayor Mare's is apparently depicting her as an ex porn star...
hi
d{^^,}b
still better than the two BPs
BPs?
and this is worse than some fanfics and images?
Yay Sketchy!!!
Berry punch and berry pnuch
Not even sure I wanna go there.
yeah dont =P
0Hahahha
It always seems like when you peak in on them, you're also peaking in on an RP session you were not supposed to walk in on
There are two Berry Punch Tumblrs?
the BEST reenactment.
13NO PINKIE PIE IS BEST PONY
....Okay so I wouldn't eat that one.
doctor scraps, the pure draw tumblrs seem to avoid that problem
peek/peak
Yeah, true.
15lol sorry
15k
That was a bit late Dari
>grey
What was?
I tried Tumblr, but I'm just not a fan of it. I use Blogger for my own failed writings when need be
:p
oh sweet and merciful Luna, what is going on
meh
something hillarious
Your auto-color ban
The sudden silence is deafening... Celestia Radio time!
lol
You get 2 warning.s
It kicks on the third.
k
Ah, gotcha.
AFK for a bit peoples.
05he ate it
Tumblrs interface makes me feel like I need to utilize a psychic interface to pull anything off to make it work
why is there a foreign guy on the video?
because there is
I'm gonna listen to Straight to Hell :P
0>foreign guy?
And last I checked, I was born without a horn
because he's king
the deafening silence of death!
05as far as I am aware, you're the foreign one
because he is a Regular Ordinary Swede
lol
ooh yeah, lightning! THUNDER!
i like where this is going
Wrek is also Swedish.
05and björn
this guy is the master chef
We are all foreigners but Wrek and Bjorn
>bj�
:0
Mayonaise!
wind is picking up, sky is darkening, what a lovely sunday evening
It's good for you.
Well...I'm off to pretend I know what I'm doing in Terraria for a bit. I feel like digging.
05crush the tacos becasue tacos arent swedish!
I would eat this.
(if i suddenly drop offline, you'll know what happened.)
lolwut
XD
XD
yesh
if you only want one, have ketvhip
I want this guy cooking at my grad
how real men eat
Trollmode deactivated.
mustard ftw
Hey guys, in case you are curious, peanut butter isn't very good on corn dogs
What are we watching? (On a side note, it's nice to see that the stream's working for this site again)
Bjornfot: I ALWAYS have mustard without kethcup.
05nest time, timewarp.
I fill the whole damn thing with mustard.
Man that 12 hour marathon by bronyville yesterday was mad
mario kart yay
LOL.
XD
Bork bork bork?
I bailed at 6:00 D:
Why does he scribble on that packet?
2,14 I think we've seen this one before
Need some damn sleep some time.
it says french soup
I can't believe I left JUST BEFORE the Magneto stuff
Ah.
he changes it to swedish
and it unfortunately spawned a new mini meme
Dat forming
It was 8:00am when I bailed
dat fist
I'd eat bit
it*
is there an event scheduled for tonite?
i would too
Mr FOX!
dem cards
not to my knowledge
/me out of fukken nowhere
Hai guys, what's goin on here? O.o
It's saucy
ok
And brown
this is best show
Applejack... Hey
05jsut regulary ordinary swedish cooking
regular ordinary swedish meal time
hey AJ
just making sure before I head to bed
A regular ordinary swedish mealtime
DAMN IT WREK
What in the hay are yall gahs watchin?
You ninja.
lol, I thought you already went to bed :P
O.o
YAY BROWN SAUCE
swedish people cooking regularly
swedish stuff AJ
05delicious
i did, then I got up to ask
And I started watching it from the start via Synchtube
cuase I forgot
2,14 see, now THIS actually looks good
hello everypony! ^^
yes it does
lol
This is how Wrek cooks everyday, because he is Swedish
sleep well Synros :P
Hi FireLight
nitenite for realz this time
Hi!!
Next time.
except that the potatoes and carrots have been on the floor
We don't forget to buy mayonaise.
ska'l means cheers
05next time, we dont fogert to buy bre dinner mayonaise
O.o
05forget*
/me suddenly bursts into existance!
ohai FireLight
05pre*
dat shirt
05and its spelled Skål mib_vtp7pw
/me is scared
looks like this meal..*puts on shades*... just got swedish
*skål
I still need to think of a final media project for college
erm...
Derishous
Dang corn.
dat corn
D:
It's good for you.
:O
it's good for you
I'm thinking of basing it off ponys
how was the first chapter of season 2 ? :3
these guys really like mayonese
/me hides behind Big Mac
:s
only the main guy
hides behind fluttershy
mayo ain't even swedish or anything
he's just... special
can.t stand the heat? Stay out of the kitchen
Guys, we need to take the video of Applejack cooking baked bads, and make "Regular Ordinary Brony Mealtime"
05wait a minute, this is salad!
05"RAGE"
>=c
you do that, herospirit
No Bjornfot, I would dun goof it up
I fail at life, you see
ofc, you're not swedish
/me 2,14 is now very hungry
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXz7EmFA2bY
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "MLP:FiM Baked Bads" - "Here we find Applejack VERY sleep deprived due to promising she could harvest all the apples in her family&#39;s orchard by herself; unfortuantely, she&#39;s also pr..."
2,14 WREK! Prepare me a Regular Ordinary Swedish dish!
same here Val
hey valthejean, mind kicking the other me?
DFLASDOFKA
Kicking your clone doesn't do anything.
ghost, dermathil_
05ValtheJean, what?
I ain't got no access to the ghosting stuff
>_>
2,14 I SAID DO IT BITCH
haven't you registered your nick?
!s2
Season 2 begins in 5d:19h:28m:03s
woo!
Woohoo
2,14 lol dari
NO.
You Rock
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
2,14 good choice, good choice
huh gen 3 O _ o
*mute*
why would you play this shit dar?
lols
/me starts raging
*dari?
UNICORNIA.
oh god
XD
>=C
5 days!
RAINBOW PRINCESS
need epic countdown art!
05unicornia...
05how corny
2,14 why only the pink unicorns?
darn it...
2,14 RACISTS
dats rascist
!s3
I need 1.21 gigamuffins to find that out for you.
Great Scott!
inb4 it crawls up her candyvag
heheheh
Gnight everypony
wut?
gnight
rari...ty?
that's not my rarity ;(
2,14 dumb wand
Nightry night
That's PRINCESS Rarity to you.
/me laughs at this Rarity
This is actually painful
you guys should see how people here in WI normally eat, 10 pounds of cheese, 5 pounds of meat, 1 pound of bread and a gallon of milk
>hungry
>doesn't eat the catepillar
hmmm...nah
I am disappoint.
/me is disappoint that no Dr Who
please stop this
i just muted it
/me is about to explode
2,14 but I thought you liked ponies?
Guys
not these ones
pre g4 is dead to me
Super Filly Adventure fridge horror:
and started listening to five finger death punch
/me exploded
Even in the good endings Luna dies
FLUTTERPONIES
/me exploded
SMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOZE
DecapKing: Awesome.
/me exploded
dark times for ponies dark times
grrrr
wat
...
i can't found my ipod D=
2,14 that sounded like....fluttershy\
what are we watching O.o
do not want
Hi guys
2,14 that sneeze was almost spot on...
Oh God.
PJs?
O___________o
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
o__________o
hnnnng
PONYVILLE HERE WE GO
COME*
WATCH OUT G4 PONYS
SMOOZE NEEDED IN AISLE 1 FOR CLEAN-UP
THEY'RE COMING
Dari made a whale
OSHI
It's Pinkie Pie!
SMOOOOOOOOOZE
NO
whos streaming?
dat face
2,14 again again!
Are there any other pony games?
hmmmm...nah
2,14 I MUST FIND OUT HOW RARITY MANAGED TO MAKE THE PINK RAINBOW!
2,14 DO IT
2,14 I MUST KNOW!
there is only 1 part
>=C
honest
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-dafuq1.jpg
Did you play the ones on the Hub?
And Story of the Blanks?
STONING
you got things to catch up on, young lad
2,14 yay!
RAINBOWDASHALWAYSDRESSESINSTYLE
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Yes.
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-dafuq1.jpg
/me dies a littlew inside
Hubs are kinda boring
little*
And SotB was short
RAINBOW STORY
A SONG
WOO!
>yfw Rainbow Dash is a milf in G3
/me facehoofs
and all the ones on EqG?
Surfing ponies.
XD
>mfw when Rainbow Dash is a milf in G3
please no
Rainbow Dash flying games, Iron Pony, whatever
Equestria Games?
Site me
>mfw rainbow dash always dresses in style in G3.5
So many fangames
Surfing ponies? cant explain that
None of them out
>yfw she has style because of MILF
http://www.equestriagaming.com/ again
@DecapKing: Therefore, ALIENS
yeaaaaa I dont want to watch this
That's one odd-colored rainbow.
Collect cupcakes, lick ponies
4-colored rainbow
and such silliness
LOL
@Applejack: Exactly
Do you know how to read?
2,14 MUFFINS
"There are things we aren't supposed to know"
Ohoo
fighting is magic seems to be popular, still being developed
My tummy was thinking too much.
we need to watch minty's sock-song
>=c
There's a sock song?
2,14 DO IT FILLY
AJ, this isn't G1, where AJ is the silly pony.
her tummy was thinking unlike her brain
a song on socks? cant explain that, therefore aliens
lets watch some dr who
lets watch anything
05here you go val
except this
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSRp6wlgbEM
/me loads his meltagun.
/me hands ValtheJean a potatoes and meat dish
2,14 yay!
that's probably the original idea of the pony in socks inspiration
/me 2,14 dunks his head into the dish, and devours it voraciously
it's...over?
>=C
I think I found an extra ending
minty colects socks
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-dafuq1.jpg at a song on socks
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
05mfw in the next swedish mealtime episode you all of a sudden see a dude in a RBD shirt run in and steal the dinner
Derpy LIKES the bad muffin
/me headdesks
LOL WREK
you should do it Wrek
Hey guys, I heard rainbow dash always dresses in style http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/6d3d75a1fa96867db1dc05127aa2c827/54311%20-%20ask%20ask_rainbow_dash%20rainbow_dash%20rainbow_dash_always_dresses_in_style.png
That would be so awesome.
Socks?
foooooooood
!moon
Grab my tail, thunder-colt!
2,14 wrek I would brohoof you so hard
woo
THIS MAKES ME MOIST.
2,14 it would cause another chinese earthquake
0Hahaha
0I think we all would Val
da fuck at those animations
they tried to make this a broadwayesque, but obviously they failed.
MrPoniator
thats cause a song about socks will never be broadwayesque
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CnOysetlQw
Yeah?
THIS ONE
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Nothing Can Stop the Smooze!" - "The song &quot;Nothing Can Stop the Smooze&quot; from the &quot;My Little Pony&quot; movie (1986). It&#39;s actually quite an enjoyable movie, and I&#39;ll fight anyone who calls me les..."
You said that there were 3 endings?
OH GAWD THERES MORE PARTS NOOOOOOO
Is the 2nd one the muffin ending?
2,14 >yfw if these shows hadn't existed Lauren would have never made FiM
Oh snap i mistyped my name.
Halp.
The second one is the same as the normal one, just with Derpy at the party
What?
Yep
Then I discovered a new ending
?
05and i would still be lurkign in /b/
So...how do i fix my name.
If you give Derpy the bad muffin
You can change your name with /nick
HTE SMOOOOOOOOOOZE
You get a muffin cutie mark
mfw "God Hates Us" plays on iTunes
Hmm
And then ponyville is on fire, but you pretty much don't give a cut
Huh
Should I record it?
Gonna try it now
mrponinatro mrponinatro apu apua apua
I suppose I discovered it
*dari hates us
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TFcBpGbE-E&feature=player_embedded#!
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Book of Pony: Scootaloo and Rainbow Dash (But Mostly Rainbow Dash)" - "Quick new Tumblr plug: http://jhaller2.tumblr.com/ Someone asked me to do a song from the Musical The Book of Mormon, and after going through a few of them, ..."
I think I read about it, but didn't try for myself
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BMdFcJukk58 kato äkki toio
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fSRp6wlgbEM
Back
this seems to be true bjornfot
kato kato kato
we already saw it bjorn
Oon nähny jo tuon
damn, wrong copy
paste
fail
ai
phew g4
http://s3.amazonaws.com/data.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqznj2nwO21qczvpto1_1280.png?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJ6IHWSU3BX3X7X3Q&Expires=1315848430&Signature=UEv89DhWwy6eGvrpWZHQc14sqno%3D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Wale6hlpuc
Bjornfot.....
You gonna get smacked
sock episode
no don't
Dari, can I borrow your large trout?
2,14 don't think so
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ws4UVguoZjM&feature=feedlik
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The Lazer Collection 5" - "Shoop da...uh...five. Shoop da five. Yes. Written, Animated, and Music by Dom Fera http://www.dfearstudios.com http://www.facebook.com/domfera --- Jack and D..."
put it on autopilot
DARI, WHERE ARE THE DR WHO EPISODES
ya
CAKE!
"They changed rainbow dash in FIM she never had wings and shes just soo diff... I hate it"
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-dafuq1.jpg
hi
Hmm
Got that ending now, ^PinkiePie
yawn
What game are we talking about?
omg
mfw i can barley hear
Lol, quite random ending
/me gives Leika some purple socks.
Lol......
they put fire fly's brain in dash's head and wings on rainbow dash yay
He Mad, bro
/me wears them like a hat!
Rarity is a pillow
indeed he is
2,14 lol
he expects brony merc
He so mad bro
he expects something more
Rarity is a marshmellow pony
yeah dari u so superior
Slap him around a bit, Dari
2,14 I actually thought the coloring book was nice, at least in regards to its target audience
no dari, its more embarresing that im in the same fandom and the same country as him....
and applejack is dark matter. total opposites =D
MARSHMELLOWS?!?!?!
GIMMIE
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/56691 LOL... yes XD
/me bites CarlG2's neck. "Behave."
:(
Ouch o.o
2,14I'm sure people like him will STFU when DvD's/Blu-Rays get released
apple jack IS dark matter
http://yoyoexpert.com/forums/index.php/topic,32873.0.html
a thread on a forum :p
lets watch something funny
INB4 Man up
ohai bronystate
"They NEED﻿ to put Minty in FIM. Socks are the best :D"
I HAVE RETURNED
OH my
YAY!! :D
I'm still here?
2,14 ah, this one
It was a good ending, wasn't it, Poniator?
xD
I love this video
2,14 the song Dari likes to troll people by going out of his way to announce he doesn't cry ;P
awww luna
Dark Heart are u ready to PARTAY
mfw i've only heard this in swedish before
/me puts a party hat on Pinkie
Val, make them cry then troll them for it.
it could make me cry, if only i could cry
So awesome.
2,14 lol
stupid dubs, ruining everything that's good
/me already had 4 of those on
Dark Heart ready to believe in yourself? Or do I have to do it for you?
Now you have 5!
2,14 I would like the vid better, but I REALLY hate Celestia with Pink hair
Yeah, kinda funny
But yeah, I think I read about this one in the comments too
i do believe, i just have no soal
Just forgot it
Dunno if there are others
I left it at Vimmy
I think that's the actual 2nd ending
ill believe for you
ending to what?
*teleports you to my secret attic basement*
yay
YAY
off we go!
Super Filly Adventure
*poof*
holy crap a.......
But yeah, I read some people sayin' the "derpy at the party" as the second one,so I rolled with it
2,14 and then everypony came
i dont understand how you get different endings?
Apparently with some random choices
WERE BACK EVERYONE
That was fast :0
warn me next time before we jump
Talking with everyone as long you're not talking with Pinkie after handing out the invintations, pretty much
We're at 38.3 million already? Wow
We were there for like 2 days
t oyou guys it was less than a minute
BBL
wat
man that was a good party, who know that AJ could dance
By the way
pinkie has an enchanted spear lying around
lol they combined these two shows...
Does the sheriff in Applelosa have a name?
DAT CROSSOVER!
yeah dark heart she was moivin it haha
Silver Star I think
Something in the lines of that
thar goes the stream
XD
Pinkie must have her own hammerspace
05hmm
05SAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATHII
well, got to go deal with this hangover now
hey next time we go there we should try to get TWilight to drink too
2,14 ohai woona
shes such a bookworm
oh hay Luna
LUNA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
07Luuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuna
/me hugs Luna
/me hugs luna
/me hugs luna
Hmm
ITS LUNA
/me glomps Luna
/me hugs Luna
/me hugs everypony
05DecapKing will break your spine
2,14 it's luna AND violet!
Hey Luna, great party!
/me glomps VioletVanilla
no i wont Wrek
05*reinforcements have arrived
New post on Equestria Daily by Sethisto: Comic: Book Clones (http://tinyurl.com/68dc7ys)
6Wrek. . . I love you. XD
LUNA REMEMBER ME I WAS JUST OVER IN EQUESTRIA
Appears it's Silverstar
6AFFIIIIRRRRMATIVE!
WITH DARK HEART
WWWWWWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
05VioletVanilla <3 u too
WOOHOO
I did expect that end result from this comic
I still did lol
Always look on the bright side of life.
Oh
Back
By the way what?
lmao
Dat comic
I was reading about the movie "Contagion"
yep
05i gotta watch life of brian again
EEEFFFF ya
Hahaha
That comic
baits all of the people
who's minds are in the gutter
07moving out
and then screws them over
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1739027/MLP/pinkierender.png
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1739027/MLP/pinkielol.png
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/1739027/MLP/applejackrender.png
Why, luna?
Havin' fun with that gmod Pinkie?
was the party too much for yall? lol
07yes commander
Why oh why am I still using the dinkypage site?
07orders?
6;D Lunaaaa!!!
http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/9edc4eecc558557cf97c31f99bae8a5e/56579%20-%20Austria%20Bundeskanzler%20FP%C3%96%20HC_Strache%20Putuk%20dash%20politics%20racism%20rainbow%20rainbow_dash%20right-wing_party%20%C3%96sterreich.png The only real candidate
6MOVING OUT~
Luna, ponyvill is under attack
and luna's republic
actually, no
One of the two questions theologists have been pursuing since the dawn of time; 1. What is the meaning of existence, and 2. Why do I have a boner in the morning?
this was rendered in Blender
LOL the muffin ending
Okay
lol
:(
But it's the same model, isn't it?
i got to go
kbai
nope :P
Huh
its the model KP ShadowSquirrel made
Ah, okay
the guy behind the spinny trixie luna, celestia etc
Looks pretty close to the gmod one, except maybe the lips
new shit
ship*
hehe
finger on the 't' slipped :\
You like dem horseapples, don't you?
lols
I did another expirement, Poniator.
Heya, other me!
Hiya!
How's myself doing?
Für der neue Lunar Republik!
Centigrade, do you wanna come to Equestria some time?
<nods feverishly>
07"battle defenses online"
05VioletVanilla did it have multiplayer?
05then i might isntall my copy too
07Violet?
Luna, target Canterlot
IYES
05violet?
07did you order Sam yet?
PONIES
PONIES
PONIES
SWAG
07WAT!
LUNA, would you like assistance from Earth? I have a cache of Modern Weapons and I feel like they'll come in handy seeing equestria doesnt have technology
You don't want heavy M-130 machine guns ripping up whoever gets in your way?
07damn you activision!
I'm off, but I shall return
okay
07later Dark_Heart
Luna, do you wish for me to get my mobile long range artillery with nuclear warhead ordinance?
07nope
awwww....
I dont think Luna is a fan of modern weaponry
i was going to have so much fun......
are you, Luna?
Luna has da magics, what good is modern weaponry?
true... true...
How about my moral support?
07check this.. http://www.gamespot.com/pc/rpg/worldofwarcraft/news/6333260/blizzard-three-year-plan-includes-two-world-of-warcraft-starcraft-ii-add-ons
07poor blizzard :(
Blizzard 3 year plan includes two world of warcraft starcraft II add ons
:D
07UPDATE] Activision Blizzard COO Thomas Tippl says publisher expects six releases from studio, including Diablo III and one expansion.
07:(
05activision was the worst thing that could happen to blizzard
07Goodbye philosophy we release when it's ready
07Agreed Wrek
05i prefer when its ready
Who are you all going to war with? :0
05that way you can expect top notch quality
wait... so diablo III is still not out?
6Activision joined Blizzard??
07lol
Bought.
Not joined.
Although technically, Activision merged with Vivendi or something which owned Blizzard.
07yea a while ago though...
Are only admins allowed to use colors?
just asking
07Oui
05yes.
Yes
Aw, alright thats fine
*hair deflates*
6Thank you for asking! ^-^
6Most just do it :b
>_>
/me gives TheItalianStallion99 a cupcake and a hug.
Hey, how about those of us who read the rules? :c
D'AAAAAW *Hair Reinflates*
how do you do those action things? like "slaps whoever" or "gives whoever a cupcake"?
use /me
07just /me yes
/me hugs Luna
/me example
/me hugs Zephirdd
oooh alright thanks
http://img51.imageshack.us/img51/4049/56466artistmadmaxbookcl.png
LMAO
/me transforms into a giant mushroom...
I'm back bronies
hi heart
/me slaps TheItalianStallion99 around a bit with a large trout
You've got it.
07lol dat link
Hey.
05lol'd
We should have irc.ponychat.net ready by tomorrow afternoon
oh noes
/me deforms back into human shape
lol
Ok, good.
http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/d385e74e741fc1cea574efe6b11f7f17/56189%20-%20TOW_missile%20apple_bloom%20artist%3Acontrail09%20gun%20military%20war.jpg
6LOL Spike is disappoint~
this domain will mask to that one
so you shouldn't need to change your embed
Cool, thanks.
hey guys im making a fan-fic about a human in equestria and so far im on part 2 and hes like explaining himself to the ponies what should happen to him?
depends
does he like bannanas?
umm i dont know
he falls in love with luna
05TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON BIATCH
i guess hes a beeeyetch who doesnt like bananas
lol
wait
thats why he falls in love with luna
is he a human in equestria as in, a human
or a pony with the mind of a human?
have him throw a huge party with Pinky Pie
it has to make SOME sense guys
lol
as in, a human who was transformed into a pony
?
I agree with Wrek
6TOOO THE MOOOOOONAAAAAHHHH!!!
Have a pony come to the human world
luna
and turn into a human
LUNA
in case anyone has patience to skim through it, lol
wow, your better at this writing stuff then I am
lol, what can i say? haha
im still not the best
obviously haha
make him fall for luna please
silly anon
lol
everypony falls for luna
true
hm... i guess maybe Luna lets him stay in the Canterlot castle in her own little section
yes
but im not much of a romantic writer. and also, i wanted him to have shenanigans in ponyvills
yay
STORY IDEA: Luna gets transported into the human world after Twilight screwed up a spell. Luna turns into a human, but keeps her moon powers, and creates problems in our world for fun.
hmmm luna gives him a tour of ponyville?
well hes already meeting 4 of the mane six so my plan was for him to stay with one of them
ok
but i promise he will meet luna. idk about fall in love
which of the mane 6
k luna ftw
I wonder if someone explained how does the MLP physics work in some fic out there
as in, gravity and such
he met twilight first, as i said in part 1, then fluttershy, and then he met AJ and RDB at the same time and the story leaves off when theyre all there
*RBD
because Celestia and Luna are the ones who raise the sun/moon, so how does it work?
MAGIC
what type of pony is he, and he should stay with RBD
yeah, but I wonder if someone explained it :P
lol
so its a human who turned into a pony?
He's a human who traveled through time-space and doesnt know how he got there
oh yeah, its a human in equestria, not a ponyfied human
phew
makes more sense to the ponies now
yeah.
he doesnt know how he got there and the ponies never heard of humans before
which one do u think he should stay with and why?
duuh
Pinkie Pie
1- he is pink
2- he is totally different from everything
3- she breaks the fourth wall more often than not
obv pinkie pie
4- wears party hats
but quite honestly
i was thinking either Twilight because she brought him into town, or applejack because she's the most down-to-earth pony of the group.
you should just put him to whoever you think is the best
IMO the most logical would be twilight
(fluttershy is too quiet, rainbow dash lives in the sky, rarity...well... idk.)
rarity would consider him ugly-as-hell
=p
i read a fanfic where someone falls in love with rarity and goes to equestria
and rarity falls in love with them too
and it goes further to cloppy things...
hugh
ANYWAYS MOVING ON
:S
This is your singing telegram i hope it finds you well
nice fic
youre invited to a party cuz we think youre really swell
^^ thanks!
Gummys turning one year old so help us celebrate
The cake will be delicious, the festivities first-rate
There will be games and dancing bob for apples cut a rug (POP)
And when the party is over well gather round for a group hug
No need to bring a gift, being there will be enough
birthdays mean having fun with friends not getting lots of stuff
it wont be the same without you so we hope that you say yes
so please oh please RSVP and come and be our guest
lol love that song :P
/me taps Curly on the sholder and runs away
theres the whole song for you guys
is anyone else still here?
07oui
iyes
so luna, you prefer magic over modern warfare techniques, don't you?
6hyes~
07yes
kinda
Kinda still here.
How would you handle an invasion of humans with modern weaponry? how would you defeat us? haha
Stallion, don't you remember Twilight ripping that water tower off it's stand?
Nuke at them = right back at us
: /
oh god haha
nobody broadcasting? :(
07nope
Nopony*
yeah horses and ponies have hard hooves too
ponies are horses
we would need tanks and blockades with riot control and battering stuff and bombs
Though combat using weapons would probably go to us; Fingers and what not.
yeah we have knives and bayonets too
I suppose unicorns could handle weapons, holding them with magic, but it would probably be awkward handling.
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/memes-oshi1.jpg
Let's face it.
We'd lose because ponies are too cute to kill.
duh
obv
why use weapons if you have magic in the first place?
07One magic to rule you all
07waaaaaait
SURPRISE
07One magic-spell to rule you all
horn power
6ONE RING SILLY FILLY! ;D
Why NOT use weapons Apokalipse?
My fan-fic isn't going to have conflict between humans and ponies
07nahhhh
07I don't need rings
Pony with a claymore = badass
07I have magic
Because magic is stronger
lol Claymore Pony would be badass]
http://i.imgur.com/CtoOa.jpg
pure magic
ohai GGgala
altho its been like 7 months since I last read Claymore...
But spells take a while to cast. Remember how long it took Twilight to calm the Ursa Minor?
They'd need some battle Ponies to protect the casting Unicorns. :0
....Wow, now the war sounds like a SRPG.
ohay
lol
Turgle, magic is everywhere in this bitch
:D
In the fan-fic im making, Thomas is going to bring back his own cache of weapons to aid in Equestria in a conflict against a group of rebllious pony criminals using humans' covert operations and stealthiness to take them down. hell be give ann award for bravery in equestria
LOL
now THAT is awesome
So he's gonna teach Ponies how to fight dirty? :P
i guess so haha
the royal guards arent knowledgable about stealth
TThomas will teach them how humans get 'er done
well
they are freaking white horses
yeah
its not really easy to be "stealth"
lols the italian stallion
hes gonna come back throught the portal wearing came with black stripes on his face and bandanas and weapons and crap
lol
there is a portal?!
I thought he was trapped
And then fuck some rebel ponies UP
when this story gets to a good number of chapters I'll surely read it
oops i gave a spoiler there
well hell eventually figure out how to travel back and forth
heh
:P
this is going to be boss
and hes gonna bring back stuff to assist
brb guys
Rarity IS Industry xD
gotta listen to that
Ponies of the Caribbean
oh my
i don't like it :\
it has a nice tone imo
:P
Snooker is now a good cure for insomnia
lol
I know a good cure for insomnia
one sec
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1v6BipcdfJo
oh awesome xD
lol
you can't not sleep
after Twilight asks you like that
if a tree falls in the forest will a squirrells insurance﻿ premium rise?"
so.. now that i'm back we gotta get you an anime to watch turgle lololol
oh
i'm going out
:C
inb4 no way jose
oh okay jose
lol.. well later is fine too.. i'll be around
probably i'll be here tomorrow
ANYWAY
gtg
bye!
alright well take care!
07Fluttershy!
-le gasp- Luna! Hi ^^
Hello, Luna
Flootershy!
07ready for some streamception?
Hi Luna
/me hugs Luna
!
/me hugs Luna
oooh actually speaking of streamception me and flutterbro were wanting to try something
07tell me in PM
Question
why not link Fluttershy's stream
directly into bronystate
Stream at the Bronystate.net?
rather than streamception it?
07cause it's a secret ;)
07nah we like to bring her in :)
We're just trying to get something to work
07ohai flutterbro
or make her get rights to bronystate's stream or something
cuz streamception creates a huge delay
07eeenope
07she's a regular
well, your call
07a
yay!
07yay
/me meows at Luna
/me meows at RobotPinkie
/me meows at RobotPinkie and Luna
/me purrs at VioletVanilla and Luna
Hello RobotPinkie, hello VioletVanilla
ohay WhatPayne
6Halloooooo~
6You have those too? >.<
07poor Payne
07you feel any better now?
Oh that's the one thing which is wrong with me
yes, thank you
/me hugs WhatPayne~
That doesn't sound fun
Yes. I can tell you they are the worst.
Hahaha, I know what you mean
Not really comparable, from what I understand.
Though, when I wake up better after falling asleep with a sickness, it's less of a "born again" and more of a "where the fuck am I, what's my name again?"
You are my servant, I am your God, and you worship me
0wiw
what?
0wow that was painful
You have no name, you are just number 12.
0Yeah WhatPayne I can totally relate
0My headaches usually don't go away until the next morning though
Worst isolated sickness I've had was a flu. It was particularly bad because of my auto immune problems. Could only drink (and promptly vomit up) water for three days, and only eat jello for the rest of the week.
0Had to stop playing Deus X, started getting dizzy and I know where that leads
0What do you use?
Uh, I have two medicines.
"What's her name today?/What's her name today?/She could be anyone/I might have known you'd leave her crying"
Eeyup. :)
0http://www.ponychan.net/chan/pony/src/131576896576.png
0Fookin saved
Maxalt Rapitab that has Rizatriptan and Miranax that has Naproxen. natr.
^^ hehe
And I just noticed that I'm almost out.
Dat wallpaper
lawl saved indeed, AllisZero
Perfect wallpaper for my Ubuntu box :P
0Yep
0Agree
0Alright I'm gonna go shower
Hot Patootie, bless my soul, I really love that rock and roll....
OH DAMNIT ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW
MFW I have no health thing.
Yeah I guess I have that one health thing too...
6I am. . . confused. . .
Only lucky ones have no health things.
I have, umm, one sec lemme think
I have two health things o-o
5 health things? Nah, more than that
All I know is I take 12 pills a day for assorted things.
And damn herospirit
So no streamception?
I get sick about every two months with a cold which has a very high chance of turning into bronchitis... and then I have carpal tunnel in both wrists. >>
I really have no health problems.
streamception is coming
...
Literally none.
O_o
was just trying to see if something worked first
Oh good, I really want to hear you sing Sea Ponies!
how come you don't have health problems?
:|
Meh, I'm not depressed, I just sometimes feel a bit down most likely due to my age.
I used to be healthy, then something called Graves Disease (which is the most foreboding sounding thing you can tell an 8 year old he has) popped up, but it took the doctor a year to admit I had something wrong with me, and that was because another doctor demanded it when I had a heart attack during school. :0
lol, I'm just a bit too fat, basically...
I don't like the doctor who took a year. He said my horrible random nosebleeds were a behavioral problem.
Ouch, I'm sorry to hear that, herospirit
Meh, I'm pretty much better now.
RobotPinkie if you want me to sing SeaPonies you're asking something that will not happen in this lifetime possibly >>
Dooo eeet
Aw, why not, Fluttershy?
They gave me radiation to kill my thyroid to fix it. Thyroid's growing back though, which probably shouldn't be happening. : /
because I would feel hightly ashamed to sing it? >>
Sing nothing can stop the smooze then.
:P
Yeees, bring the Smooze
HEY GUYS IM BACK
sorry?
.-.
Check out this video about celestia and the moon
here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4f9m4OYkCY
aw, you shouldn't be ashamed, Fluttershy
Seriously, it'll probably be the best rendition of Sea Ponies evar
Silly Stallion, we've seen that many times
So what did you see me responsd to what you said or not Zephirdd?
I didnt
on another topic Stallion, do you like bananas?
[20:36] Meh, I'm not depressed, I just sometimes feel a bit down most likely due to my age.
that's why I try to live with a child's mind
because growing up sucks
:P
Fairly recently 16.
OH SHUT THE FUCK
WHAT?
I'm never growing up, because fuck it, ponies.
0You don't sound 16
You are depressed
at 16
.............
I'm not depressed?
0And from what I've seen you are way more mature than 16
Hello all
You are way too mature for 16
aaw haha
imo
>_>
Um, people can have serious depressions at 16, dude...
I'm not mature with my IRL friends.
:P
0I've been depressed for eight years, so much that I don't know what's it like not being depressed!
>eating dirt at school because dar
>prince of trolls
>so mature
>mature
dare*
lol :P
0lol
0Hey we only know who you are through what we see
0So what can I say
I just kind of react to what the sitation calls for.
07Dari?
07did you kill our streamlink? :p
Eeyup?
07it's blocked
I never did dares, for some reason...
6>mfw long haired Dari jumping off of a roof Parkour style
Nope.
I was streaming not that long ago.
I'm more mature online... i think
07it's down now
07I just tried
07also did you see the question in skype?
then again i dont tell my IRL friends about MLP except one person
I'm way less mature online, hehe.
>200 messages
Damn, when did you guys start talking ?XD
0Eh, I think I'm more mature online if that's even possible
Robot Pinkie sing us your telegram
0But again I don't get to be immature IRL a lot
0Shit man
0Should've stopped playing hours ago
0Whyyyy do I do this to myself when I know the resuuults
lol
lmao
CAN'T STOP LISTENING TO THIS http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vBrSWZnB9c&feature=related
BLARG.
RHPS FTW
:)
Hello my Overlord.
ohay Molestia
Did I say Overlord? I meant PROTECTOR
LAWL herospirit
RobotPinkie, what did you just say?
-_-
I mean Pinklestia, I apologize, plz don't send me to the moon :(
That's strike one for today, Pinkie.
I've listened to JoCo since some nerd on /. linked me to "Code Monkey" many years ago.
I... I....
I.....
-squeaks, hides-
/me drags Fluttershy to LordCelestia. "Say hi!"
/me whispers to Fluttershy. "Don't worry, she won't lock you in a dungeon and banish you"
/me starts to hyperventilate. "N-not to the mooon.... n-not to th-the mooooonnaaahhh!"
Nor will I put you in a dungeon in the place that I banished you to
RobotPinkie, I watched that whole vid now, and that song was great, but there was an inaccuracy.
What inaccuracy, herospirit?
Fluttershy, as long as you're not secretly supporting the Lunar Republic b ehind my back, you won't be seeing the moon
Santa would kick the SHIT out of that robot army :0
/me pales very white indeed.
>>
<<
Have something to tell us, fluttershy?
lol herospirit
(how did you know I was secretly a supporter of the Lunar Republic?!)
>> lol )
Santa Clause = ninja wizard
You like the lunar republic, do you?
JoCo covering Sir Mixalot... you KNOW you love it: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ltjbnyvq_SI
/me gulps "Ummm nothing a-at all...."
/me shakes her head. "No, o-of course not....!" >>
Well, fluttershy, then you should know that supporters of Luna like bananas
I just like Luna. I don't really support anything though.
do you like bananas?
Oh my. RP this is... what is this
/me tears up. "No NOT AGAIN!"
Yep.
Tell me... do you LIKIE BANANAS?
That's a soft rock cover of "Baby Got Back", herospirit :P
answer my question, do.. do you like bananas?
/me sniffles. "Y-yes, I do... but I .... oh dear..."
/me starts typing on lappy furiously.
Well good, 'cause you abaout to go bananas...
I guess it should be "Baby Got Plot"
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
BEEEEEYETCH!!!
nope.
I hacked your cannon.
lol
/me launches fluttershy to the moon
-dies- e-e
Dang it.
-well more correctly suffocates in outer space-
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAhaaa next pony
Well your not sending me to the moon.
Fluttershy having a hacker brother, that would be perfect.
07but I can
Celestia. Can I send Flutteershy a git please?
Hi Luna!
gift*
LUNA?
/me offers brohoof to Luna.
Please Celestia? :3
FlutterBro IS a programmer >3>
It's a cake.
Yes I am IRL)
If you must
/me brohoofs Flutterbro & Fluttershy
.
and my FAVORITE JoCo song of ALL TIME: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1BmK8PYm504
/me cannons cake to Fluttershy
TO THE LUNAR REPUBLIC!!!
PSSSST
PSSSSST FLUTTERSHY
Yay!
Seriously awesome, someone should make a PMV for that.
THERE'S A SPACESHIP IN THE CAKE
>3> Well as long as Luna keeps me alive I don't mind being on the MMOOOOOONAHHH
There should be a FlutterCore in Portal...
What was that fluttershy? you wouldnt want me to banish you to a dungeon would you?
Well don't eat the cake. Spaceships are bad for you
Hey Celestia. Step over here.
WHAT IS THAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU? -is partying on the moon with Luna- >>
:|
Come over here and I'll stop hacking your cannon
Come to the moon you mean?
FlutterBro? Fluttershy has a brother?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO *shifty eyes*
You shall all face the might of the Equestrian Union
0Wow
Okay.
0I actually caught my dad sober this time
0He's fairly more likable when he's sober
Unless...
Just COME OVER HERE.
are moon partiess....... fun?
Duh! Low gravity!
Yes, they're TONS OF FUN! C:
hm....
boingy boingy boingy!
I'm coming.
I have a invitation for you right here!
The streamception, it is up
/me gets in cannon. "I'm gonna go bananas... ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!"
My dad is hilarious when drunk
*launches to moon*
so is mine
0My dad is annoying when he's drunk
/me fires cannon. "TO THE MOOOOOOONNNAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!"
0He's 220 pounds or so
0And used to lay on top of me when he got home
My dad doesn't get drunk. :0
My dad used to sing Russian folk songs while drunk. It was awesome.
no streamception for me ><)
The moon is more peaceful than I thought. Why do I send people here as punishment!?
0Wow
/me shrugs
0My dad used to crush me under his weight
0And pull my nose hairs
i would walk away with $500 a night XD
0Your dads are much better when drunk
Will we has stream?
PARTY!
Party time! *bounces around*
I've only seen my dad drunk twice.
The first time we were in Italy and he mooned at some Italians in the appartment across from us - they thought we were having a party and came over. XD
Well, he isn't anymore, AllisZero, he's been dead for 14 years. :P
mfw I use 2 colors too many making a Pony Emblem Rainbow Dash portrait
but he WAS an amazing dad.
The other time he was grinding with the female staff on a boat.
DID SOMEBODY SAY MOON?
0Sorry to hear :(
6D; RobotPinkie. . .
Hey Sis! Where's the cake?
/me hugs RobotPinkie
-blinks- OH THERE IT IS.
/me hugs RobotPinkie
It's 14 years ago, I'm fine now. I mean of course I miss him, but I remember the good times.
-eats it... then starts gagging on rocket ship inside-
/me hugs VioletVanilla and herospirit
.....
yeah, my dad died when i was 8
NOT THAT CAKE! THE PARTY CAKE!!!!
/me runs over to Fluttershy
I warned you about the cake bro
I TOLD YOU DOG
-dies- x-x - on the moooooooooooooonaaaaaaaaaaaaah-
Great.
NOT THE CUPCAKES. Trust me.
Well, fuck
I'll go get her.
0Pegasister
/me types command into lappy and poofs
0Wow so much WHY
/me follows FlutterBro
lol
/me is in the afterlife. "Fluttershyyyyyy where are you???"
I need to get rid of two of these colors. I could drop the shine on the armor, but I can't think of anything else. :0
0"Why would people get so up-in-arms about this new My Little Pony cartoon? Not because it's grown men watching cartoons, but because it's grown men watching a cartoon...FOR GIRLS! Oh, but your precious masculinity!"
/me materializes in afterlife.
Maybe i should send people here
Oh hai!
6NOT THE BEEEEEESSSS!!!!
0From some interview on Ponychan... why do I lol at that?
Hello, where is fluttershy?
I'm trying to find her.
-is sitting in a patch of flowers singing-
NOT THE BEES AHH MY EYES
oh nevermind
0If it was grown men watching cartoons for grown men, they'd harass us anyway, what's the point?
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAH
DecapKing
do you like bananas
/me eats the bees
I LIKE STEAK!
soo you dont like bananas?
Mmmm... Honey!
/me sees her and pulls out a 1-Up shroom. "Time for your medicine!"
I like trains
WAIT NO
I also like heroin
/me gets hit by a train
/me re-appears
/me sees train go by. "Have fun!!"
So you are a mmm beyetch that doesnt like mmm bananas?
I like sharks
0http://www.kidoutenshi.net/random/tothemoooooon.jpg
well, decapking, you ain't finding any sharks...
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
I like moon rocks
I like cannons
/me launches him to the moon
BEEEEYEEETCH
Fluttershy!! *goes over to her*
I like the sky
0So, does this have any reason to exist? I somehow don't want to work on it.
I like flying
I like planes
I like vodka
-blinks, looks up- Yes? o-o
LordCelestia: How'd you do that from here?
>someone says "Time for your medicine!"
I like water
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TVooUHN7j4
0inb4 I like turtles
I like 'I like spam'
hey when does the next showing start?
I've been reading The Shining.
MAGIC, flutterhy. Magic.
I like spamming the bronystate mane chat
/me hands 1-up to Fluttershy. "Eat this."
I like ze magicz
or else you will DIEEE
But... -scrunches up her nose- I hate mushroooms
NO don't eat the mushroom it's not red!
Now all I can think of when I hear "time for your medicine" is Jack's line.
WE DONT CARE
Nor is it green
/me uses magic to force the mushroom into Fluttershy's mouth.
Just eat it.
/me hugs Fluttershy and DecapKing
0She had a knife in the bathroom?
I LIEK PONIES
wow LordCelestia, that's kinda... kinky
I like atmosphere
You've never seen The Shining Allis? :0
I like saying 'bow chicka wow wow
....-dies again but... is somehow reborn.... ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAHHHHHHHHHHh-
0Nope
You pervert. *launched mib_p1pxsl to the moon
My work is done!
I like being on the moon
/me /warps back to moon.
I know what I'm choosing for an A movie if I win the lottery then, Allis
/me launches EVERYBODY HERE to the moon. Now we can all party!
Luna WE LURVE YOU
/me parties with Luna
/me loves Luna
/me glomps Luna
Be right back everyone.
Hurry! Fire the friendship cannon at Celestia!
O: -glomps LordCelestia-
EVERYONE GLOMP! ^^
/me goes to cannon and aims it.
Broadway rhythm it's got me EVERYBODY DAAAAAAAANCE!
I like ponies aiming cannons
Is anyone getting the stream?)
I like dancing to broadway rythms
I like getting the stream through hacking
I don't think there's any stream yet.
I smell fire. That's worrying.
Probably just the oven or something.
I like how you worry about smelling fire
Fluttershy's stream is going but Luna's isn't)
rawr
I like reaction faces
What? You don't, Decap? :0
0http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S6BoNWBoeCo&feature=player_embedded#!
I like when herospirit is wrong
0Oh man
/me hugspins Curly
You'd be like "mmm, fire, whatevs"
im back
I like that video
... 5 minute break then back to firing the cannon.
I like when lord celestia gets back
lolwat?
FIRE THE CANNON
/me runs to cannon
I like the 5 minute break before firing the cannon
I like firing the cannon
Good afternoon everypony! Sunday is FUNDAY!
…and I've still got a mess load of work to do...
/me fires Moon-Friendship-Cannon at LordCelestia
I'm back everypony
OH NOES
lol that's a very nice video
I like when the moon friendship cannon fires
/me fires a rainbow beam "TASTE THE RAINBOW MOTHER FUCKER!"
NO!!!! MOAR POWER!!!!
I like to taste the rainbow like a motherfucker
/me does the worm
*rainbow beam and friendship beam collide, remaining motionless*
like this
=======RAINBOW======><========FRIENDSHIP=========
Come on!!! *increases power cannon starts shaking*
I think I walked in to a complete Friendship war...
You fools. Tastes the true power of elestia
/me Increases power by 200 percent
Luna!! Help!!!
We need more friendship!
I like needing more friendship
RBD: Yes ma'am
I like firing the friendship cannon
0Especially if there are candyapples in there
Rainbow Dash flies to the moon to fight them
0What? Those things are good~
But since the rainbow represents the magic of friendship, isn't it just one beam?
(I'm confused…we roleplaying right now…?)
yes
NOO!!! Firing rockets!
i like when people get confused
and therefore no one got hurt
Lord Celestia, can I write you some villainous speeches?
lol I dunno, SuperBrony64
/me rockets shoot out at the surface of the moon
Sure.
*Rainbow Dash dodges and approaches faster
@friendshipmeter rainbow
I guess it's time to put on my wizard hat and robe...
I'll work on that Celestia
get to it
IMPOSTER!
/me rockets go for LordCelestia
!
Rainbow Dash, fire your LAZORS
07omg
*Rainbow Dash fires lazors at rockets and they disappear
07a spy!
/me activates mines below LordCelestia
Wow, checkmate.
07are you a spy?
/me forms magic impenetrable barrier
Yeah, not working
SPY CHECK! *pulls out flamethrower*
HE'S A SPY BOIZ
OH NOT
Or not. XD
2,14 GET HIM
NO SPY CHECK!
6D<
OH NO**
GET OUT OF THE CANNON
/me Sends all spies to the MOOOOOOOOOOONAH
Man, I fucking <3 PinkiePieSwear
/me starts hacking reality furiously.
Not sure if legit.....
/me Send out all the royal pegasus guards and all pegasi in Equestria to fight the moon
i like not knowing what is going on
*hundreds of pegasi heading towards the moon*
/me hits pause button.
@sexymeter RDash
RDash is 9999999999% sexy.
Yay! Timestop!
JACKPOT. EXACTLY WHAT WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR.
(at least the beams aren't moving)
FlutterBro, send the stealth forces to invade the castle.
Hmm
what was that?)
Well, that was weird...
2,14 ....wut?
The gaurds are gone.
lol Dari
what the?
...
>_>
?
Y u no work
what in the hay?
XD
:OO
what are you doing?)
2,14either dari is failing hardcore, or this is his most elaborate trolling project yet
What about me? I am celestia
:3
haha
Is there a point to having a voice when the chat isn't moderated for regular users?
Dari u so crazy
/me goes up to LordCelestia with a knife.
Cry "Havoc!" and let slip the dogs of war!
I haven't seen Curly in a while
x.x
dat Caesar quote
/me Get back you foal!
/me hugs
I like crying "Havoc!" and letting slip the dogs of war
no wait. It's a hacksaw)
*strikes flutterbro in the chest*
*with her hoof*
I miss her x.x
<3 mib_p1pxsl
<3 RobotPinkie
I talked to her a while ago
what happened to #bronystate?
I like when soomeone who doesnt know the hacksaw reference still uses it
i dont get why they call it a hack saw
/me goes flying then tps to LordCelestia and starts sawing off horn.
I like that someone uses that joke
/me AUGH!
NO MAGIC FOR YOU!
I like when someone makes references to cupcakes
I dunno
:P
Not working, no.
/me Uses magic to make Flutterbro explode twice and get sent back to the moon*
/me shrugs
:P lol
there used to be like 20+ users
Nooo!!!!!!
I like exploding twice
They kinda creeped me out x.x
lol
I like that DecapKing likes everything
abuse of /kill ?
/me appears
I like that RobotPinkie likes that DecapKing likes everything
I like that technically I am streaming but streamception isn't up and runing
lol
/me respawns in Ponyville. "great"
running*
This chat provides a realistic representation of life in Ponyville.
D:< there goes the punch line :P
GrimGallop!! -glomps-
I like dat respawn point
Well, Luna needs to stream before it's streamception time...
JOHN MADDEN!
BWAHAHAHAHAHAAAHAAAAA
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
/me is glomped
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
and so on
SOMEONE GET THE TEXT TO SPEECH UP AND RUNING!
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
/me texts LordCelestia. "YOU WIN"
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Good news! I got you another potato after the mishap last night :D
?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!
6We are working on the streaming issue, please be patient. n.~
DecapKing SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
/me is confused
There's a stream?
/me LONG LIVE OUR UNION IN FRIENDSHIP STRONG. URAAAA!!!!
AEIOU!
So, what are we streaming?
I like that River_Tam is confused.
AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU
HOLLA HOLLA GET $
No text wall.s >:
leedleedleedlee (patrick)
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
herospirit BRRRRRR
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
nuuuuu
And no
Just good luck
I like that DecapKing got dollah
You're a dictator. Friendship isn't one of your power.
This is discrimination
powers*
I always win, don't I?
JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN
999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999
So, this is the internet?
YOU'LL NEVER HAVE THE POWER OF FRIENDSHIP!!!
:P
Yes. This is the internet.
/me "Of course I have friendship. I just send those who disobey to the moon."
/me "Join us Flutterbro." *EYES BECOME RED AND HYPNOTIZE FLUTTERBRO"
This isn't friendship! This is brainwashing!
brb~
/me throws rock at Celestia
I like getting hypnotized
/me SECURITY EXCEPTION
I NEED MORE AMMO
/me "But this is friendship. You'll see. Come to me... my FRIENDS." (EYES TURN RED TO HYPNOTIZE EVERYBODY)
friendship is a lie
AEIOU!
/me closes eyes
haha
*hrng*
/me ACCESS DEINED
HELP ME!
NOW YOU CAN'T HYPNOTI-
/me trips over rock
I have a firewall!
SNAKE
/me closes his eyes and turns away
AEIOU
Help me! I don't have control of my own-
AEIOU!
/me SHUT UP!
AEIOU
AEIOU!
AEIOU
Oh noes!
I HAVE A PASSIONATE SENSE OF VIOLENCE AND IM NOT AFRAID TO USE IT
Find the elements of Harmony! Before she kills everypony in Eque-
/me SHUT YOUR MOUTH
AEIOU!
AEIOU is her weakness!
IM INCHARGE NOW
or harmony...
I like using hyphe-
AEIOU is more fun though
...Nightmare Moon. Stop possessing Celestia
AEIOU
CHINESE EARTHQUAKE, EBBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBBRBRBRBRBRBBRBRBRBRBRBBRBRBRBRBBRBRBRBRBBRBRBRBRBRBBR
/me NIGHTMARE MOON? HAHA. PLEASE. I AM MUCH GREATER THAN HER.
Okay then.
Someone get the rest of the mane 6 D:
/me I am... TROLLESTIA!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
We'll annoy... I mean distract her1
Just ignore her.
AEIOU
AEIOU
That's the only way to get rid of trolls.
Anyone care to explain what the stream is for?
Quickly! I can feel myself slowly dying!
annoying people
/me There is no use, celestia. I am in charge now.
Oh. she's dying.
There's stream?
That makes things easier
AEIOU? really?
eeeeeeeeeyup
AEIOU?
AEIOU
mfw spelling 'Sparkle' wrong
FOOTBALL
RobotPinkie: Well, someone was saying they were working on getting the stream back up.
No stream, no....
/me It will take much more than AEIOU to stop me!
CHINESE EARTHQUAKE, EBBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBBRBRBRBRBRBBRBRBRBRBRBBRBRBRBRBBRBRBRBRBBRBRBRBRBRBBR
/me loops "AEIOU" with lappy.
NO GUYS WE GOTTA EXPLORE
What is this place filled with so many wonders?
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
WhatPayne: The Internet.
What happened to the mods. Did they die?
JOHN MADDEN. JOHN MADDEN. FOOBALL!
eeeyup
the elements of harmony are hidden under the surface of the moon! go get them, before i-
/me HAHAHA
/me /spawn Harmony Beam
HERE COMES ANOTHER CHINESE EARTHQUAKE EBBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBBRBR
Rainbow_Dash Dari took their voices! muahaha
Why can't I hold all these moonrocks!?
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/newsfeed/000/148/296/13771%20-%20animated%20clop%20computer%20dexterous_hooves%20internet%20twilight_sparkle.gif?1310666356
Oooh, what a magical place, and I owe it all to the Bronystate race.
aeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaieouaieou
999!999!AEIOU! JOHN MADDEN! FOOTBALL!
SNAKE
/me hits LordCelestia with the HARMONY BEAM
SNAKE
/me I said it will take much more than aeiou to stop me
SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE
SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE
If I knew the chat had so much up its sleeve, I'd have come here sooner, and never leave!
I couldve sworn i put the elements on the moon
Yes, I love everythiiiiiiiiiing!
1337
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu9999999999999uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
/me Oh no, they're doing it
I just spawned the beam. No need to get the elements with THIS! *holds up laptop*
Yes! you're doing it! Keep annoying trollestia! it's working!
/me digs a hole. Diggy diggy hole. Digging a hole.
/me no... NO!
/me hugs Luna
I LIKE TRAINS
/me hugs LordCelestia
JOHN MADDEN
/me ENOUGH WITH THIS ANNOYANCE
TROLLESTIA THERE'S SOMETHING ON YOUR FACE
So what happened to the streamception?
/me punches Trollestia
IT WAS PAIN!
hahahaha
/me SHUTUP
AEIOU
AEIOU
JOHN_MADDEN
FOOTBALL
FOOTBALL
/me starts hyper-poking LordCelestia
/me I must do something! *Starts singing trololo song*
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
pokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepokepoekpokepoekpoekpoekepokepoke
99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999
AEIOU
John_Madden John_Madden John_Madden John_Madden John_Madden John_Madden John_Madden John_Madden John_Madden
CELESTA. HEY HEY CELESTIA. HEY CELESTIA. GUESS WHAT. GUESS WHAT. GUESS WHAT. HEY CELESTIA. CELESTIA. GUESS WHAT.
!??!?!?!?!??!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!??????!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?
LordCelestia abusing the /me command, I see.
*Elements of harmony appear and fire a GIANT rainbow beam at trollestia to finish her off once and for all
/me whispers to Trollestia
Yay!
space
I like space
/me NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
SPAACCCEEEEEEEEEEEE
Getting bored of space...
SPACE! WANNA GO TO SPACE! SPACE!
SSSSSSPPPPPPPPPPPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEE
*GIANT EXPLOSION OF LIGHT AND ENERGY MAKES EVERYONE UNCONCIOUS. WE ALL WAKE UP A MINUTE LATER.
Woah, looks like we're having a meme-shift.
SPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
You saved me!
I like meme-shifts
Yay!
Time to party!
The cake is a pie
/me parties.
Now, everybody go to the moon! It's time for a party
*Everyone gets in the moon cannon*
The cake is a pie? Can't explain that, therefore, aliens
OFF TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
/me launched everybody to the moon for a party
TO the moon? Cant explain that
I'm in space
Space. Space.
Yes, my friends, we are all in space
You're in space? Cant explain that, therefore aliens
now.
I am the best at space!
Yes ^
I agree.
Can't explain that.
Being the best at space? Cant explain that
/me waves
I can explain.
Also why does the Earth have a moon, but Mars doesn't? You can't explain that.
RobotPinkie Err, I can
Actually, i dont feel like explaining
:P
TL;DR
hey Tricky
^yes
Whatchu talking about, Pinkie?
oh
Mars has two moons.
The moon is a giant space rock that just happened to float into our orbit, clearly.
No, you can't, RDash. You can't explain that.
LOOK WHAT YOU STARTED FLUTTERBRO! LOOK WHAT YOU STARTED!
Phobos and Deimos.
EspyLacopa: It's a Bill O'Reilly quote
...Who?
0Time for my WoW raid guys
/me YOU CANNOT EXPLAIN ANYTHING. MUAHAHAHAH
0See you all in a few hours
go away trollestia nobody likes you
between up to 5 networks
Yay! This RP is over! *black circle thing starts closing in!*
Overlord Celestia?
People play WoW? Can't explain that
*kills trollestia*
XD not sure about moving again, we've moved around quite a bit recently.
Why did the gunfire stop?
lol
RP IS OVER
BECAUSE THE MAGIC OF ANNOYING FRIENDSHIP OVERCAME MY EVIL SELF AND SET ME FREE
Why, how do most peopel connect?
...yay....
yay
LordCelestia pronoun 1. any thing whatever; something, no matter what
Mibbit.
ANNOYING, ANNOYING FRIENDSHIP
Trololo-
A great way to do it would be to shoot up a page, and then add the mibbit aplet there
applet
New rp?
BECAUSE OF AEIOU!
sure
and that way, you can change anything through the backend, and your users will virtually never find out
Yeah, we have a site up at the moment.
Lets try to be coherent this time.
:O cool
Do we have to?
Where's an rp room?
lets just spam the shit out of mane chat this time
Really funny, he said the tide was unexplainable, and then when confronted with an explanation (the Moon), he asked why Mars doesn't have a moon. :P
Be coherent I mean.
do you redirect the people to the mibbit site, or do you embed the mibbit iframe?
We always have around 20+ people though, so the regulars tend to get annoyed that they have to refresh/clear cache, whatever.
iframe
oh
herospirit: I'd like to not do two random rps in a row
...AEIOU
I see
Don't spam, post ponies!
Then people with proper clients turn up in the old networks ages after we've moved.
So it gets a bit tedius.
what network you on?
I need somewhere to rp!
Mods are asleep
lol
Yah I know, I was joking FlutterBro :P
AEIOU
Mods asleep, post horses http://www.seattlemet.com/assets/0005/9043/horse-picture-brazil-a-velhaca-Eduardo-Amorim-horse-best-picture-gallery.jpg?1298060018
2,14 ohai dcd
Haha
Oh god
:O
9Dynamic Entry
9awww yeah
Nice.
if its a big network, I have like a billion reasons for you to not be on there
9hey kids
9want to be part of a test?
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/media/faces/328.jpg
Are there any good rp rooms in here?
Currently irc.bronychat.net - but they're about to merge wih another network to be irc.ponychat.net (I think it's .net), there'll be something like 7 servers, so it should be able to hold the 1000+ people we'll be getting fine
Is it a test of the emergency broadcast system?
A test..?
For science?
NewDCD: Does it involve unapproved medication?
9a test of our new possible mane stream
What kind of test?
2,14 my body is ready DCD
hey New DCD
oh okay
I take that back.
guess whaty
cool
:/ you can hold that many people on my network
too
but its ok
Sure
9in other words get your asses in ehre
9http://www.owncast.tv/channel.php?u=BronyState
You going to wear a hat again?
Not just my body, but a lot more is ready, NewDCD
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HfgZnBaHbt8
if you want to merge with those other servers, just go ahead and hurt me feelings
</3
/me puts ass in link
ooh a Veemi replacement? BENE
2,14 I will be expecting robot fighting DCD :P
2,14 or sock puppets
whats going on?
I'm there.
Just make sure you get a good linking structure set up
like I do
:D
ValtheJean <sock puppets
Sorry, I promised the guy who paid for all the servers that if I was fine with how his network ran we'd go there.
nah, thats alright
/me 10waves
He paid for them because I agreed pretty much.
Oh, what show is this?
9how is it running so far?
So I can't really back out. XD
2,14 ohai rainbro
/me waves back
9and Gundam X
Ohai RBD
hey
2,14 so far it seems to be okay DCDF
/me licks RainBroDash
/me delayed response because TF2
sunglasses ninja!
2,14 DCD*
Hi, RBD
its okay
9no lag?
It's tradition, now.
DCD guess what
2,14 not yet, no
secret butt fun
Nice quality.
No lag for me, really good stream
Next, we need to do a stress test with live footage.
9Decap: you became Gundam?
NewDCD: Seems to stutter a bit for me…but that might just be my computer
What show is this?
AEIOU
Looks good on my end
/me 10licks robotpinkie
10You and your traditions
9Gundam X
Giant robot fight!
Alright, thank you DCD :D
Good quality
This seriously looks a lot better than regular stream
2,14 to be fair, DCD is streaming :P
DOUA!!!!
9well that's because Sathi and Sprinks are still learning the ins and out of resolution adjustment
Where's this stream at? :O
2,14 which means automatic +40 to stream rolls :P
I mean regular DCD stream
Just needs DCD with a shoe-hat.
9once they learn about that effectively, their streams will look a lot better
10what's the URL of the stream?
I never get this solid framerate with this little artifacting
That was an interesting application
2,14 Rainbro: http://www.owncast.tv/channel.php?u=BronyState
10EspyLacopa, and sock-puppets, and pony penetration!
Tricky: Wut is TF2 ?
10and ty val
10daaaammmnnn DCD that's looking really really crisp
nice stream
>Pony penetration
9my only worry is that I think that that player
Wat
9is FUCKING UP the aspect ratio
lets get some streamception!
9let's go to phase two
Typical DCD. :P
finally!
mfw i dont know what that even means
2,14 hmmm...I wouldn't know because I've never seen this episode :P
>no one sees any problem
10herospirit it's an old in-joke from when DCD started streaming himself irl XD
10loong story
>DCD: IT LOOKS HORRIBLE!
Phase Two, GO!
Well you can set the aspect ratio when embedding, DCD
10also hai dari, and lol.
NewDCD: How about a test with an episode of MLP: FiM?
CLIFFHANGER
CHESS PEICED
yeah play MLP
Hey.
CHECKMATE
and you don't like my traditions, RainBroDash? :(
Play Thundercats!
HOOOOOO!
9http://www.yycast.com/BronyState
9asses, in here
>phase 2 = sock puppets?
ERERE!
10RobotPinkie I love your traditions, but why so much gratuitous licking in public?
/me gets in
2,14 this one definitely lags
Hmm
Yeah.
/me is in.
The other one didn't.
Still loading...
Other one was better.
This one doe.
There we go
does*
Doesn't lag for me, this works better for me.
Well, we can take it to private if you insist, RainBroDash :P
10oh lawdy@
this broadcast is ofline?
and this stream lags for me
10oh lawdy~*
Keeps pausing for me
Plus it shows in widescreen while fullscreen
lolol I'm kidding, RainBroDash
10yeah I'm getting lagz too
10fyi
SuperBrony64: Doesn't show widescreen for me.
9then owncast it is.
10RobotPinkie suuure, whatever you say
I have a very large watermark at the top right
Wait we've had stream entire time there?
9that concludes testing for now
Aw, u so mean, RainBroDash :P
10oooOOooo hello, EGIdrA is streaming, I'll be in and out for a while
So when am I gunna hear you sing RainBro?
lol
10dari, whenever you want man
Or not...
10all you have to do is ask
Now with that out of the way, how about a nice episode of MLP: FiM?
>_>
<_<
yeah play some MLP
>____>
by the way, anyone here who knows me, this is ItalianStallion99
IT'S A TRAP
No FiM outside scheduled streams, though.
Uh-oh!
10ITS A TARP
Looks like I was foiled in my attempts again.
or no eps, anyway.
....
/me runs away
Ok.
LordCelestia: lol, really? (also, that screenname is so much less dirty in a MLP context)
Will you sing such that I can hear you RainBro?
/me covers RainBroDash in a tarp
RainBroDash http://i412.photobucket.com/albums/pp202/nickpatey/its_a_tarp.gif?t=1269480447
blegh.... http://www.livestream.com/kimiart =_=
boredom is setting in.
Do ho ho.
whatsgoind on?
One of these days...
10dari
If I ever see you in the street.
10come to maidenhead
I will attack you.
10XD
Hello all.
Where u at, Luna?
So if you see a random guy charging at you
10get your arse a hold on some ID
ohay Sumica
<---
10come to the Hobgoblin in maids
Everypony down the pony hole! http://www.livestream.com/kimiart
Fluttershy: What stream is that?
10we'll drink kopparberg and get merry.
It's her stream
my stream =_=; until streamception is up and running I suppose
...
TF2 is Team Fortress 2
10ohai fluttershy
So whatchoo streamin' Fluttershy?
oh, I see
lawl I like it
9http://www.freedocast.com/NewDCD
9asses, in here.
oh look big O
Is the stream paused?
9shitty ass quality
9lemme fix that
Sure
connect to mah netwotrk
lol it was lagging as hell, what little I saw
and then join #lulz
You'd better, NewDCD :P
2,14 sound is gone
9okay
9Freedocast sucks
9so let's take that out of the picture
10lawl
lol
lol
owncast was VERY good though
^
OHAI LOOK IM ON 2 CHATS
Well look at that
NO JOKE, I've been chosen!
LOOK IM COMING UP TWICE
I've been selected to win an iPad
You must give them all of your info now.
I'll give them my bank account info and social security number (that way they know it's me).
Woah
Woh! How crazy! Me too superbrony!
lololol
Me too!
So this is what the Matrix is like...
anyone else wanna join in? http://www.livestream.com/kimiart
:3
sure
If someone offered to put you into something like the matrix to harvest your body heat, but the virtual world is Equestria and you are a pony.... would you do it?
Hmm...
IT'S A GIRAFFE!
Would you remember?
Do I get to choose what kind of pony I am?
Of course, Thunder_Dash
Then probably. :P
Nope.
Well.
Actually.
I have a massive wingboner
Being able to fly might be worth it.
therefore i am a pegasus
also you'd forget everything about your human life, just like in The Matrix
Oh.
Then no.
I couldn't leave my family behind and just forget them.
so if you got to remember, then it's fine, but not otherwise?
Hmm, well this COULD be after Rainbow Dash saves everyone and gives them the choice
So I guess you'd just be given the choice whether to remember or not?
...I don't remember the third movie all that well :P
They made sequels to The Matrix? *hit*
srsly, I've got the biggest wingboner
Thunder_Dash: No they didn;t.
The matrix has no sequels.
lolol, Matrix fanboys
2,14 for once, I agree with dari
Actuall
y
Second movie was great :P
The sequels are better than the first film
Prefered the animartix to the movies.
2,14 lol, fine by me. You're the one who has to pretend you like them :P
Sumica: Wut
I've only actually seen the first one, I just couldn't help but make that joke :P
What the fuck is the animatrix?
Third... well... Trinity's 5 hour death scene kinda ruined it for me, because it was just that stupid...
....I can't get the shoo be doo song out of my head.
I take it you never saw it.
The third film, oh God.
"Why can he use his powers in the real world"
Espy; SHOO BE DOO SHOOP SHOO BE DOO
"His powers extend beyond the matrix"
FJAPOKFAWEOPKF
2,14 MAGIC
WHAT THE FUCK
ARE YOU SERIOUS?!
They just couldn't come up with anything good.
So they gave us that bullshit.
2,14 seriously...the movies would have been so much better if he had just ended up NOT being the one
I only ever watched the first movie.
I still think that the real world was a matrix too.
2,14 and they're just like "oh fuck"
So the matrix was a matrix in a matrix, MATRIXCEPTION
Well they didn't really extend beyond the Matrix, he could just still hack into it
Mostly because it seemed like a given that Neo would just completely curb stomp further challenges what with being The One.
It was a bunch of short films Dari
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_h5YmbhpI5c
I saw all the Animatrix shorts
Some were really good, others were pretty "meh"
indeed
"EVERYTHING IS A DOLLAR"
2,14 it's like strip poker but with swords
-glomps Silvermane-
2,14 fanservice much? jesus
nuthing on?
first clip I found on YT val so not surprising.
/me is glomped
*thump*
hello Fluttershy
Hi
lol
5+x-(7+7)=28 is x=37, right?
didn't that article JUST get posted? and it's updated already?
barry
5+x-14
yes, 37
I haven't taken algebra-level math in a while, so I'm a little rusty
it's alright, Algebra was my favorite math by far
Algebra is best maths.
calculus 1 was a hell of a lot of fun too though
ohay Barry
was like learning a new language
Hi Kitten :)
...Vats has just happened
Oh Fluttershy stopped streaming?
Fluttershy stopped streaming, back to Canons
Yes because it's not streamcption sadly because streamception is not working but will do streamception some other time when have more energy and no cold
Did you know that Nicholas Flamel was a real person?
I don't understand, what exactly is Streamception?
Aw, thanks for streaming, Fluttershy, and get well soon
Streamception is a stream within a stream...
Get better Fluttershy
Oh I see, okay.
=_= Streamception will occur when main stream is up and running too sometime
A-Ha! I managed to block those Youtube ads that play a video before you can watch the actual video.
Fluttershy thanks for making that funny picture. It made my day!
^^
And for favoriting my drawings
So, no stream right now?
You're welcome LordCelestia ^^
:D
I sahll not send you to the moon
/me flys towards the moon
welcome to the moon
welcome to the bronystate chat box
Hurray!…now I'm off to do work
LordCelestia, can I be space?
Hi Kitten :)
BBL
Sure, get in the cannon
woot
/me crawls into cannon
i need something to say while I launch you
tell me something about yourself
hi hi
well...
...
tell me something
about yourself
I am the Mighty and Magnificent Silvermane, King of the Ship, Lord Mighty of Sexy Rolls, Psychology Extraordinaire
:|
@sexymeter Silvermane
Well, good. 'cause you about to go bananas...
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNAAAAAAAH
normally i get about 1657321% on my sexy rollls
I MEAN IN SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
/me launches him into space
/me likes bananas... IN SPAAAAAAAAAACCEE
BEEYETCH!!!!
hey Kitten
Kitten: I know another Kitten
I'm jonesin' for some pony
but she is kitten
frum freehnoed
jonesin
?
it means he has a desire, hunger, or need
oooh
Wait, is someone going to the moon?
hankering is a synonym
so you like poinies, huh?
Yeah, that would work.
Indeed.
so you are a mmmm beeyetch that likes mmmm ponies?
I don't mean that I want to eat ponies, though...
good
we know
'cause there will be no ponies to eat
inb4 cupcakes
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
but I do love ponies
/me launches to the moon
BEEYETCH!
Wow, LordCelestia just launched herself to the moon...
o.o
i meant to launch you to the moon
robot pinkie lol
Well, too late for that now :P
aw
lololol
/me teleports down to the ground
You wont be able to lololol...
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
So no stream today, I guess?
/me launches robotpinkie to the moon
BEEYETCH!
Nope, just Celestia launching people to the moon
/me lololols on the moon
DAMMIT
Hello again NewDCD
Even though no one agrees, I think this is PinkiePieSwear's best song. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFWpr_wkgV8
mmmm... pop
/me huffs
brb guys gotta go eat supper
ON THE MOOOOOOON
/me listens to pony music on Youtube
beeyetch
There is only one Kitten :(
/me hugs Kitten
/me watches pony parodies on YouTube
Right now Trixie's Good Side and Corridor of Cupcakes are my favorite things to listen to, pretty much...
right!
Not a bad song
i just became a brony
well welcome to the herd!
/me is fixing stream stuff while this plays http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T13Ma7U65gU&feature=related
Sweet. I can play a game of kick the N00B. :D
it's a good time to join
Silverscreen, be nice
/me 11has the powah!
i just became a brony
gratz to you as well, anon
NotACleverPony is also awesome: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6CvTVx81uXw
welcome to the Federation, anon
welcome to the herd, mib_28xl5a!
Not only am i a brony but i bet i can answer any bronies question about the show
Who is Celestia's VA?
dari
Yeah?
http://i.cdn.turner.com/sivault/swimsuit/image/2002/02_msims_01.jpg
so the new season episodes will air in the morning on sat?
that woman right there
you can let your jaw drop now
[23:08] <mib_28xl5a> Not only am i a brony but i bet i can answer any bronies question about the show
That's why I asked. :P
oh
I thought you were wondering about her
Also you asked because it was one of your trivia questions....
well
it's not like the image says her name
consider it a hint
9a SEXY hint.
hey....... has anyone seen every single episode in the season btw a new show will air september 17 at 8:00 pst
a sexy and GREEN hint
I think pretty much everyone here has seen every single episode, yeah...
awsome
whos ur favorite pony
and first episode of Season 2 will be streamed right here...
hello
when will it be streamed
I love all 6 of the mane ponies... though obviously I have a special love for Pinkie Pie...
Live, not sure when that is exactly, though. :P
I'm sure the mods would know.
i hope we get more applejack episodes, v.interested in her headwear
i like raibow dash and i hope its soon the show is petty good
apple jack reminds me of me
Yeah, I think Applejack needs to be fleshed out a bit more.
well i don't think we need to get violent
i think there all equally fleshed out right now if u asked me
I mean Applebuck Season was great
i think so 2
05hmm
but still, in most other Applejack heavy episodes she's been in conflict somehow with one of the other ponies
u want to know somethin
yes!
i guess ur right
because of this show i want to work on an apple orchard
I'd also like some more Rainbow Dash heavy episodes, right now it's mostly just Sonic Rainboom
I have returned
this show has inspired me to buy apples
lol
same here i want 2 make apple pies
who wants to go to the moon?
11hmm?
I started baking because of the show :P
05mhm
i want to bake but the closest to baking i did was ramen noodles
try ramen cupcakes next! work your way up
you wanna know where you couldnt bake ramen noodles?
where
mars!
lol
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
Perhaps the other Kitten is also Kitten in the sense that siblings could chare the same name? Does Kitten have a sister she never knew?
lol again
/me launches mib_28xghwhatever to the moon
BEEYETCH
just kidding :)
You're very moon focused, aren't you?
why yes I am :D
/me bides my time
i did that wrong D:
im gonna work on a farm and have ponies because of dis show
ill tell you where you cant have a farm
ON THE
just kidding
lol
i'm going to hit the books and become a wizard
you shouldnt hit the books
i looooooove dis show. i cant beleive theirs other boys who like dis show
try just reading them
It's an awesome show.
Also: ponies.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4f9m4OYkCY
LordCelestia: now you tell me!
hey dont take this da rong way......... is anyone here straight i am and ima brony soooooooo im makin sure cuz las time i chatted i got like 14 gays
11Lookin' for a good replacement for mIRC. Any suggestions?
im very straight
What OS?
yes lol
lololololololol
lawl, I think the percentage of straight to gay is pretty much the same with bronies as with other people.
Windows 32, Windows 64, Linux, or OS X?
sometimes my fedora gets a bit wonky though
In case ANYONE here doesnt know the MOON joke by now, watch this video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4f9m4OYkCY
11EVERYONE that's in BronyState know of that.
11WE show it almost every other week.
lol not me
lol awesome
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOON with you then
11huh
but if the new domain is bronystate.net, does that mean this page is dead?
insane celestia
holy crap, I didn't know Daniel Ingram was a fan of NotACleverPony
okay im very commited to da show so give good things about mlp cuz dat was just racist to bronies. that vid
11LordCelestia: lolidk
Colloquy is a good application, I use it on my Mac.
Holy shit.
that's a traumatic video
Skype just went insane on me.
It's beeping crazily.
Silverscreen: XChat is good. Why do you want to switch from mIRC?
11SuperBrony64: > Uses a mac
11I pity you.
Ouch
I pity you for NOT using a Mac.
leavin g2g
What OS are you on, Silverscreen?
11...
11vista. =.=
I'm sorry.
hahaha
Ouch
LordCelestia: it looks like the new domain just redirects here
I have XP and I think I'm better off
Windows XP or 7 would be good.
I pity you even more
Hey freezeframe
lol, why not mIRC, Silverscreen?
If you need 64 bit, 7
bye mib_28xl5a
/me has paid-for mIRC, likes it.
Yes, I paid for my mIRC
11'cause I can't use color text on mIRC
You PAID for mIRC?
Wow.
FREEZEFRAME hi
11or at least I don't know.
Weird.
11No, I didn't.
Anyway, Colloquy doesn't just run on Mac, you can use it with Windows as well.
do you like bananas?
11oh.
I sure like bananas
Well, have you tried XChat, Silverscreen?
But...No one pays for mIRC. :P
XChat I've heard good things about.
/me shrugs
Oh wait, maybe it isn't...
11I wish Mibbit would make their IRC usable off of websites...
11Xchat?
fluttershrug
Nvm, Colloquy doesn't work on Windows.
mibbit is a web-client
Yeah, most peopel seem to use Xchat now.
people*
On Linux, I used irssi
11Chatzilla's kinda popular too.
http://xchat.org/
Have you tried Trillian Silverscreen?
/me uses KVIrc.
/me 11has only been using mIRC.
I used to use it all the time when I was on a Windows machine
11That's all I've EVER used.
^
I've used bersirc, trillian, and pidgin before, too.
It handles all kinds of messaging clients including IRC
Yeah Chatzilla would work too, presumably...
Here's a list of IRC clients: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison%5Fof%5FIRC%5Fclients
11XChat looks like an even Simpler version of mIRC.
I used to use BitchX, but it got really awkward when people saw the shortcut :P
11But would it let me post in color text like I'm doing now?
11lol, RobotPinkie
Or you could just make your own IRC client.
Not very hard. XD
11Coming from the code guru.
11No thanks.
Pretty sure you can use color codes in XChat just like in mIRC... I don't do it, though
11oh? how do I do color codes?
You can write a simple script to add color, otherwise.
How do I shot colour?
Ctrl + k
11Well, I can set the interface to *look* different, but the text still comes up white on the other end.
Can i shot you to the moon?
11HOLY SHIT IT WORKS!
Lawl
/me 11can use mIRC now. :D
Good.
:D
/me converts everyone to mIRC
11 Testing
WHOO! \o/
mIRC is for tomatoes
3Uh-oh, now I'm stuck using color :/
lol don't do that, or you'll be kicked :P
Nvm, fixed…I think...
11 Any Way to make this permanent? or do I just keep puting that code in?
I can give you a script for it.
11That'd be cool....but how do i put the script on mIRC? XD
Script ediot.
Hi silverscreen.
Look at the buttons along the top/side of mIRC.
11oh, I see it.
Hi Barry
11Awesome.
editor*
Hi Lord Celestia.
Colors are overrated anyway
Seems the author of On A Cross And Arrow is considering a sequel
I need colors to stick out as a mod in BronyState
Depends, what happens tome if I'm not?
to me*
well, i can offer you some bananas
lmao
lol, nice one, Silverscreen
i wish the show wasn't named "My Little Pony" or named for little girls because then people wouldnt be ebmarassed to say they watch it in real life
imo
I agree.
/me 11googles for the script rather than waiting on Dari. :P
Pfft.
LordCelestia Yes, I did feel fine admitting that I like it in a spanish essay though
Script written by me is 20% cooler.
:P
Mi Poni Pequeno
But actually
CBA to pastebin.
You go google. :P
11CBA?
Everyone is here a week early
i wonder what the teacher thought of you
I'm OK with this
lol
LordCelestia I haven't given it to her yet :P
im just here to send unfaithful followers to the moon...
haha
Silverscreen: Here's a color script I found online: http://www.ircbeginner.com/files/alkcolors.zip
well, not actually
Although the other show I mentioned was How I Met Your Mother
but its fun saying MOOOOONNNNAH beeyetch
That may distract her :P
Wait. A sequel to On a Cross and an arrow?
It can be loaded into the Alias section of mIRC
lol
So much want
only one of my real life friends kows that I enjoy MLp
>alias
Lawl fail
and he doesnt care, lol
I know NewDCD is an admin, but what is an op? operator?
LordCelestia: The one who runs the IRC server I think...
That's an IRCop.
:P
Nvm, it's someone who enforces the network's rules
I meant what does it stand for / mean?
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Relay_Chat_operator
and what is IRC? this is my second day on here
ok so it means operator.
LordCelestia Internet Relay Chat
and IRC means "something relay chat"?
oh that answers it haha
11Hmm.
Alright it all makes sense now
LordCelestia: Internet Relay Chat
lol
Im Celestia i need to have this knowledge or else people will think im juist some guy on a computer or something....
Ah.
11The script is saved as a .txt file.
.txt is fine.
I like txt files.
Just copy/paste it :P
Operator 101: http://www.irchelp.org/irchelp/opguide.html
Also that script is a fail.
Because it's an alias.
:P
Hey superbrony, want to read an interesting fan fic?
Sure
0,2-10,12-1
okay, imma get the link
11...
What the heck is that Bro?
11Yeah, it fails.
LordCelestia "Interesting" can mean a lot of things haha
Not cloppy
I have more plans for this story obviously but theyre interesting and what-not
11Yeah, that script was a fail, 64.
:<
9guys
9I'm testing at the low-quality stream
9dari are you here?
Well, I don't use mIRC so I just randomly found it on the net.
Eeyup
i think he is...
yep
I'll send it over Skype Silver.
o.o
Did u make any attempt to read it? i know its pretty long
11mmmk
11in other news.
11Looks like it's gonna storm here.
11Yay~
louder
The hell, there's an adult pony channel on this IRC server?!
Silverscreen The weather ponies are doing their job where I am
there is?
Big one here Silverscreen
9I'd say the quality is pretty DCD, wouldn't you agree?
9@DCDQualitymeter The New Stream
Damn.
That's nice DCD.
lol
Reeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaally nice.
This is a really nice stream o_o
high desert thunderstorm big yes.
11...
Quality is over 6000
11THAT'S low quality?!
9no Silver, I'm just using the old LQ page for testing
Oh.
Yay~
9so who of you have adblocker?
I think the quality is alright
XD
looks good DCD,
Frames are a bit missalined though.
11I keep hearing Skype sounds.
yeah
and um echo
Why does it sound like I'm hearing five of the same video repeating foreer
Yeah, it sounds weird
also guys not testing quality
11Sounds fine on my end.
derp I mean audio quality
just testing video for now
Be right back (to anyone who cares)
I gotta adjust audio but I can't do that now
'kay
now what we need is a stress test
I'm heading out, have work to do. Later everypony.
bye
Bye!
11Bye.
9also can someone kick NewDCD?
9oh hey
Hah
9nevermind
SUDDENLY, FIXED SOUND
11@pony
I'm playing F-Zero X
11huh. Bot not here.
helooo
NewDCD Do the download and play now buttons flash the entire time?
Hi, Turgle
hi, we are off air?
ohay Turgle
.]
What's up guys
Looks like it,Turgle
wow mistype derp
:)
Hi TrollightSparkle
Hiya Turgle and TrollightSparkle
9RDash, where?
Bloop?
Directly above the stream
what does TrollightSparkle do in her free time
Hiya Espy
Wow, everyone's coming back
9oh RDash
9that's an ad
Oh, lol
a stove is a stove
nevermind then it certainly doesnt look like one
stoveception
where is the magneto ad when you need him
Magneto?
I like ponies.
everypony knows magneto
ohhai RobotPinkie
We all do.
/me 10licks RobotPinkie
ohay Natleyn
And hi RobotPinkie
:3
/me licks RainBroDash back
:O TrollightSparkle, my faithful student
hay TrollightSparkle
What have you learned about the magic of friendship?
Aww, infinite sound loop again.
Ask if she likes bananas!
Why are the people in this video so quiet compared to the talking?
Many confusing things.
Lawl
I'm saying "U jelly?" to my mum.
I would never send my beloved student to the moon!
She's scared.
XD
lol
9so how do you like the quality?
xD
/me sends hat to the moon
/me hands Sparkle a banana.
Would you like a banana?
Nice, Dari. Nice. xD
AAAAAAAAA
9oh and the image up there
Ask your mom if she likes bananas!
9was for testing a watermark
Yeah, tell me what she says
9not sure if we should add one
Just, let me reach here.. in my.. banana bag.
So thats what it is.
/me attaches to the moon, resulting is a new fashion
I asked.
Trollight, are you a mmm beeyetch that likes mmm bananas
She said: "Not speaking to you".
xD
She's here at the moment, yeah.
lawl
Is she part of the herd yet?
11@Awesomemeter
6 You are 79% Awesome. (1663)
Nope.
Ask her if she likes bananas, so I can reach into my banana bag
So... she's your mmmmmm mom and she doesn't like mmmmmmmmm bananas?
11awesome.
She's not that impressed by MLP.
Aw damn, I'ma back away while I can..
:D
9@DCDQualitymeter The New Stream
6 The New Stream is 43% DCDQuality. (1665)
So she's a mmmm b eeyetch that doesnt like mmmm My Little Pony
9SOUNDS ABOUT RIGHT
9GOTTA MAKE IT MORE DCDQUALITY RAAAAAAAAAGHHH
good, 'cause she won't find any little pnies
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOONNN!
@pony Best pony for the watermark
6 Best pony for the watermark is 8Mr a7nd 11Mrs C13ake
/me launched his mom to the moon
No!
BEEEYETCH!
AHAHAHAAAAAHAAAAAAA Bring in the next pony..
RobotPinkie: She hasn't seen a full episode.
HHAHAHAHAAHAHAAHhaaa next pony plz
Trollight u have no idea ive been sending ppl on this chat to the moon ALL freakin day lol
You're Pinkie now. LETS BREAK SOME 4TH WALLS
Well no wonder she's not impressed, then. :P
wtf Minecraft, y u crashin' on me?
Sorry, I'm here and there, just a bit busy..
lol, the stream sounds very...umm :P
DCD: I herd you liked harems, but Luna broke herself out
9already fixed.
/me sends formal complain to LordCelestia about overpopulation of Moon city
NewOCD, are you streaming?
NewOCD Yes, it fixed exactly when I posted :/
My mom was skeptical... until I linked her to Dragonshy.
/me replies with TL;DR
The stream will play fine for a minute or two, then start to replay the past five seconds, compounded by replaying the next last 5 seconds again, ect
^Numbered wrong!
thanks!
what's that animuh, DCD?
9Gundam X
Ah, that's why I recognize it
9let me think
9hmmm
Someone's streaming? I'm getting the "broadcast is offline message".
only on LQ stream, TrollightSparkle
^
YEah trollight
Oh, ok.
hey trollight
hey
hey trollight
space
where we goin
spaaaaace
space
where we goin
DCD is testing out quality settings, I'm pretty sure
in my spacesuit
Dad I'm in space.
we going ta space?
I'm proud of you son. Dad are you space?
oh god what did i do
@pony The best pony at space
6 The best pony at space is 15Prince Blueb8lood
SPPPPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
Yes, now we are a family again.
Well, he is white...
hmm
Trollight i can tell you where you can find your dad
Space space space space comet stars galaxies Orion
I thought we was black.
INTO SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEe
/me launches trollight into space
here's a star
On the moon?
BEEEEYETTTCHH
here's another one
hey photoshop's open
star
sta
star
nope. space
Aw crap, now that I'll suffocate in space.
no you have a spacesuit
Hey
Hey
that skipe DING
Whatcha doin'
nice pattern!
Are you doin' space?
hey lady
space
space
space
suddenly: spam
buh bup bup bup bup
rainbow dashlenol
if i have something really amaZing to stream, how many times does lilly have to comb her hair?
avast fluttershys ass
great songs
GREAT song
NewOCD, i like this stream, better quality A/V
Avast is 20% cooler than Tylenol
rock my pony, intensive pony unit, i like those too
I just found out about "Erectin' a River" >.>
Not pony,but Holt has got those two mixed in my mind forever
Told 'em
They numbered it wrong. :<
Silly Seth.
Seth must really want to get to 200 before season 2
Space is quiet
In space, no one can hear your cool laser sound effects
/me Everypony, your attention for a moment please
/me looks at Silvermane
I seriously have problems watching sci-fi because of all the goddamn explosion sounds :(
/me stares unblinking at Silvermane
As many of you know, today is the 10th Anniversary of a very dark day in our history. http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-cYgIPAghrLM/Tm06bjcvo5I/AAAAAAAAL9M/mPcMLLWS4Zw/s1600/56669+-+911+applejack+artist+contrail09+fire_fighter.jpg
(RobotPinkie: Watch Serenity)
(Pic disappeared)
(Okay, WhatPayne)
If possible, I'd like those of you who are so willing to give a moment of silence for the friends, family, and heroes lost that day.
http://miburl.com/WAkuPv
/me "Everypony shutup
http://s902.photobucket.com/albums/ac223/CCXIII/Minecraft%20Bronies/?action=view&current=TwilightSparkle0.png
coolness
shhhhh
nice!
and the applejack one is a great painting
Alright, thank you guys. I know not all of you felt the loss of that day. I was fortunate to not have any ties to the incident, but many were. We lost too many good men and women
/me nods
/me waves to all in chat.
Thanks. Gonna go grab a tissue now.
It was truly sad day even to watch it unfold
I had an uncle who worked there, but I never knew the guy and he took the day off.
that is very fortunate timing
Yeah...
/me I feel so sorry that the Earth dwellers have to go through so much violence and terror
RobotPinkie in fact Serenity has done that space thing realistically, there is no sounds in space. And yet space battles can be really interesting.
anyways. sorry to interrupt anything going on over here, just saw that Applejack image in the Drawfriend and it... made me remember that I wanted to do this
I understand.
No, we understand Silvermane
/me hugs Silvermane
9hey guys
9refresh your test streams
9and give me your opinions
and WhatPayne, I really don't understand why completely disregarding the laws of physics would make a space battle more interesting. :P
/me hugs back
coooool watermark
Who said Serenity?
The Firefly show is something I got to see one day.
NEWDCD
what test stream?
NewOCD: where is the test stream? =p
I had nobody lost that day, but I still am really sad that it happened and it made me wanna jaba stake up the ass of terrorism
DCD, nice watermark
That day I was a child, so I got absolutely no emotions from that at the time
and I like the model, FlutterBro, much nicer than other pony mods
i approve of the new watermark
And he's gone...
lol
but I feel sorry for those
Whatcha doin?
hey, streamer! show us your C drive!!
;)
stream is fine for me
stream not working for me, though... I see black.
oh now it works
Oh god
lol sounds
Indeed. I really remember this scene from the show (and it's the only time I've seen anything like it in entertainment) where they have this fight scene where they shoot this other ship and only sound you hear is the echo of the sips own gun resonating in the hull. It's brilliant.
The stream is repeating skype boop forever
the quality is way better than the other stream
^
@bloopmeter Stream
6 Stream is 49% bloop. (1666)
/me finds his interwebs be trolling him
which show
Hey! Big sister!
Sounds right
YEs? little sis? haha
ohnp
omg so many impostors
there is only one Luna
FLYINGJERRID.PNG
you know how you control the sun and moon?
/me hugs real Luna
My stream is not working e.o
im not imposing i just like Luna
Nice, WhatPayne
/me puts socks on Luna
Blargblarg had to add an underscore
dont pick on my little sis
oh boy, I see where this is going
9Turgle
yep?
9isn't that a girl's name?
Hey sister, can I control the moon again?
JERRID?
..... i dont know about the moon
do u like bananas though?
Oh...
I can see where this is going....
um... i dont know
well answer the question
do you like bananas
oh god no
im backing up now
so your a beeyetch who doesnt like bananas?
9refresh your test streams once more
9is that too big?
9or is it "just right"?
oh god, please no
uhm
yes
/me puts Celestia in the moon cannon and fires her into the sun
well you can find out. ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAH
RobotPinkie: FYI the show Firefly is really short (one season) so I recommend watching that. And after that watch the movie.
NOOOOO
/me launches luna to the moon
9I'll try moving it a bit more up
i think the wm is too big
BEEYETCH!!
Serenity is a continuation of Firefly, then, WhatPayne?
NewOCD: the stream is right
AAAAAaaaaaaahhhh
Yes
I guess I'll have to, because that sounds really cool.
Zephirdd, check the watermark
Altough the site is q bit messed up
don't worry, half the people in the chat are on the moon to keep you company
ooo the watermakr
9let's make it 25% smaller then
its a bit to the left
You have no idea how much it irks me when space movies completely disregard physics :P
dat watermark
yay
imo stream should be widescreen, not 4:3
;x
:D
21:9
cinema format
actually
watermark is perfect
I mean I'm fine with warp drive and teleportation
/me "Screw you sister im gonna start my own civilization here on the moon"
9Zephir, there's a reason it ISN'T widescreen
9you see
9when the stream source is 4:3
good luck witht hat
/me starts a moon civilization that grows and thrives more than Equestria
DAMMIT
...
9the stream feed, should it be 16:9, will stretch the 4:3 feed
hahaha
9on the other hand
9if the stream feed is 4:3 and we use a 16:9 feed
9I mean 16:9 source
shit happens
9the display is widescreen
9like so:
@Equestria's_populationmeter The new Lunar Colony's population
6 The new Lunar Colony's population is 37% Equestria's_population. (1670)
aw
9 4:3
but ALL are devoted to the cause!
but as of 2011 it is 150 percent
damn it Luna ur ruining equestria
"from the moon!"
Anyone know how to fix the stream? It just says broadcast is offline e.o
9and 16:9
works right
9see what I'm getting to
oooo i see
9?
Flutterdash: go to low quality
..are the skype sounds coming from the screen?
Yes.
ok...
yes
click on the low quality link. this is the main one
9yeah Flutterdash we're just fixing technical stuff atm
@skype_boopmeter Stream is
6 Stream is is 23% skype_boop. (1671)
LIES.
Recount
@skype_boopmeter Stream is
6 Stream is is 39% skype_boop. (1672)
Mk, just making sure it wasn't mine >.>
Fine, don't cooperate.
XD
Why is it paused
i wasnted to watch MLP... they are my little ponies you know
I'm heading back to bed, ponies
thanks for the tip, WhatPayne
aw
:D
lemme send you to bed
bye RobotPinkie !
and night night everypony
You're welcome.
Night RobotPinkie
Good night RobotPinkie
/me places RobotPinkie into cannon
night
I... returneth
Nighty night, RobotPinkie!
GO TO BEEEEEEEDDDDDDD
Noo not Pinkie
Welcome back, Fluttershy :3
/me launches RobotPinkie into bed
BEEYETCH
:D
Oh.
:P
'night
I just had a yummy dinner
Whatcha have?
Hey fluttershy!
Night RobotPinkie
hello
-hugs all who said hi or welcome back or whatever to her-
And hello Flutterdash
:D
/me hugs Fluttershy back
can I have a hug?
/me hugs Fluttershy
/me hugs Flutterdash
/me hugs Fluttershy
Hugs for everyone
/me hugs Flutterdash
/me hugs Flutterdash
-blinks, then hugs Flutterdash-
9okay guys
/me hugs all
9refresh your streams
9as in, the actual LQ page
yay
9and see the new watermark
9I think it's JUST RIGHT now
good job
oh wow, look at this t = 1/H0 = 1 / 2.37 x 10-18 1/s = 4.22 x 1017 s
Okay made a Minecraft pony! http://i902.photobucket.com/albums/ac223/CCXIII/Minecraft%20Bronies/TwilightSparkle0.png
whatisthisidonteven
/me hugs everyone except turgle, whom gets sewnt to the moon.
there are stars older than the universe!
New watermark is great :3
._:
its great NewOCD
why xD
4*hugs everyone*
:D
better
Watermark looks good!
it js=ust got smaller
did he test it on HQ stream already?
LordCelestia and it's moved up
don't think so
it seems this embed is much better than that veemi embed or w/e
^
i agree
oooh
^
9that's actually our HQ embed
lol
oooh
well, it's great
really
9it's just that we're testing it on the LQ page
9because NOBODY uses it anyways
i see
9we'll have LQ again later though
play a MLP youtube video on 1080p thats a true test
I would >.>
then there is a little problem
oh, lol. This whole time I thought that was lq
once sec
I was excited to see hq :P
wheres the volume?
No sound?
no sound!
he disabled the card :D
unmute plz
because of the BOOP
This is unfortunate....
/me IS PISSED AND ABOUT TO SEND SOMEONE TO THE MOON
So.. low quality looks a bit better than high quality IMO
NOT ME
its not LQ
this is the HQ test
cuz LQ page is not used
:P
Oh, stupid me :P
DUN DO IT CELESTIA!
there's no sound!
NewOCD, the sound card :D
ALRIGHT WHOS MY FIRST VICTIM
not it
!!!
NewOCD: look at this image http://i.imgur.com/Sne3s.png
its like that when I go fullscreen
/me Flutterdash do you like moonrocks?
my fullscreen works perfectly
nononononononoooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!
I dont think NewOCD is reading the chat atm lol
still no sound t_t
nope :D
/me TOO BAD. CUZ UR FINDIN MOONROCKS
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
/me launches flutterdash to the moon
D: aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh
9I actually am
BEEEYEEEETCH
9is it like that for everyone?
^^
NewOCD Is there any way to fix the name notification? I keep getting notified if "rdash' is anywhere in someone elses name XD
9please test fullscreen now, guys
Yeah
my fs works great
FS test is beautiful, imo.
9I'll talk to dari about it
Full screen's nice
Are you getting FS like me?
NewOCD: Fullscreen works for me.
http://i.imgur.com/Sne3s.png
Ye.
nope
with the black border?
FS works
@treemeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 78% tree. (1673)
well played flutterdash
Gotta go guys, be back later, so bye for now.
NewOCD Thanks, not a big issue though :P
9does your fullscreen look like this, guys? http://i.imgur.com/Sne3s.png
nope
9or does it fill the whole screen?
Bye Trollight!
it works for me. STILL NO SOUND
I have a border.
fill
9audio is disabled for this test
9okay you guys have a border?
aw
weird =s
9I have an idea
some have and some dont
9allow me for a second to go offline
No sound....
I dont have a border
audio is disaaaabled
and its workin perfectly for me
no HQ stream for me)
the stream is HQ, but is only in the LQ page
@tiredmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 78% tired. (1674)
@sickmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 65% sick. (1675)
I'm just going to minimize the video in MPC.
sounds about right =-=
@coolermeter Rainbow Dash
6 Rainbow Dash is 74% cooler. (1676)
lol
Fluttershy, you should rest ;~;
Well sending Flutterdash to the moon threw me off focus, but mine is perfect. i have no border and the quality is great.
@pony
12Zephirdd is 15Tw6i4st
der
@pony
12Fluttershy is 3Granny Sm15ith
9we're live
IM STILL UP HERE!
9try going fullscreen now
-giggles tiredly, then passes out-
OH THANK CELESTIA
I MEAN THANK ME
works!
same NewOCD
wait... GAH im horrible at this
but play the video
[ Silvermane we have a situation. Fluttershy has passed out! D: ]
skype......
/me uses magic powers to revive Fluttershy
/me puts a pillow under Fluttershy's head
there ya go
9okay guys
/me is resistant to the powers of wakefullness though! Illness has prevented LordCelestia from succeeding!
9I figured out how to have fullscreen be
9well,f ullscreen
9right click the player
/me says "GAAAAHHD DAMMIT"
Oh, right, exactfit
stretching?
oh I see
the pictures goin crazy!
change on Stretching thing
ok now its fine
yeah it worked perfectly
great
Uniform makes the border smallest.
perfect
9and click the stretching till you have "stretching is uniform"
@pony Zephirdd
6 Zephirdd is 15Princess 11Ce9le12st13ia
LOL
TAKE THAT LordCelestia
HAH
9okay gonna go offline for a sec now
aaaw
@pony
12Nat_lq is 10Trix11ie
(Fluttershy has passed out?)
NEVER
Ohh, mine is full, full screen now
LordCelestia, you like bananas?
do you?
like
@pony
I AM LORD CELESTIA BOW DOWN OR... or.. I'll be kinda sad
bananas?
12GrimGallop is 6R12A3I9N8B7O4W 11DASH
SO YOU WILL BE LORD CELESTIA
Heck yeah. I'm awesome!
/me flies in and scoops up Fluttershy, transporting her to safety. Hammer-space blanket makes a return
@pony
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
12Flutterdash is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
/me sends LordCelestia to the moon
9live again
@sexymeter Silvermane
6Silvermane is 707111% sexy.
there we go
WHOO
no thats my thing :(
wth
ive been doin it all day
GAH
>w>
its perfect, like before NewOCD :P
9okay, tell me how good the FS looks
oh
now with sound
YES IT WORKING
take care guise
9okay now I want to test 4:3 fullscreen
9a sec
FS is good
perfect
@derpmeter
6 You are 60% derp. (1677)
good fullscreen.
lol echo
gems gems
sound is goin crazy
Ack, repeating audio
looool echo
yay
looks great
@evilmeter
gemsgemsgems
6 You are 6% evil. (1678)
@derpmeter
6 You are 53% derp. (1679)
mute stream
@evilmeter
6 You are 46% evil. (1680)
Curses. The evil meter is still broken.
open media player classic
I am derper than you.
It's hard to believe there's just six days until MLP Season 2 debuts (Not counting today)
@derpmeter
gems gems gems BIG O!
6 You are 57% derp. (1681)
CONFOUND THIS STREAM, THEY REPEART AUDIO AND SHO NO PONIES
What meters do we have?
@derpmeter Ditzy Doo
6 Ditzy Doo is 97% derp. (1682)
I'm still hearing pony
/me launches this stream to the moon
@derpmeter
6 You are 23% derp. (1683)
@derpmeter
6 You are 46% derp. (1684)
@derangedmeter
6 You are 60% deranged. (1686)
how do you make the purple letters?
:|
@derangedmeter Bellatrix Lestrange
6 Bellatrix Lestrange is 29% deranged. (1687)
only mods
@trollmeter Princess Celestia
:\
6 Princess Celestia is 93% troll. (1688)
LIES!!
combine red and blue ones
LOL
@for_modsmeter Colors
6 Colors is 97% for_mods. (1689)
rgb logic
lol
Nice RDash
Bellatrix is more deranged than that
:P
@cooler Rainbow Dash
>w>
@coolermeter Rainbow Dash
6 Rainbow Dash is 19% cooler. (1690)
lol
@lovemeter Natleyn Natleyn
13 Natleyn and Natleyn are 7% in love.
Awww, so close
@coolermeter Scootaloo
6 Scootaloo is 86% cooler. (1691)
@nauseatedmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 92% nauseated. (1692)
D:
@coolermeter Rainbow Dash
6 Rainbow Dash is 77% cooler. (1693)
SCOOTS <3
YAY!
That sounds... very right
;~;
/me gives Fluttershy a bowl of soup
Scootaloo is still cooler than Rainbow Dash
@lovemeter Rarity Rarity
13 Rarity and Rarity are 93% in love.
Yep
lol
@awesome Sonic Rainboom
meter
@awesomemeter Sonic Rainboom
6 Sonic Rainboom is 90% awesome. (1695)
@awesomemeter Sonic Rainboom
Rainbow Dash was 100% cooler last night
6 Sonic Rainboom is 59% awesome. (1696)
@lovemeter Rarity Elusive
13 Rarity and Elusive are 97% in love.
;P
0Man the moon outside is just pretty as hell
@Powermeter Orbital_Friendship_Cannon
6 Orbital_Friendship_Cannon is 88% Power. (1697)
Whos Elusive?
Allis: Hiya and D:
0I've got clear skies
Who's*
FIRE THE ORBITAL FRIENDSHIP CANNON!
0Hai
@pony The pony in charge of the orbital friendship cannon
6 The pony in charge of the orbital friendship cannon is 15Tw6i4st
i dont like how its random it should be fixed and u set it or something
but idc
Stupid clouds, blockin' the moon.
Rarity's male self from Cross and Arrow
Uh-oh
/me Deflects canon
Oh.
0It's right out of my window
D:
0I love this time of the year because the moon rises just to my right
Alliszero: I AM SO JELLY
0And I can watch it go up
@jellymeter
6 You are 88% jelly. (1698)
@lovemeter Diamond Tiara Silver Spoon
SEE.
13 Diamond and Tiara are 86% in love.
I'm jelly
you know where else you can watch it go up?
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
On the moon?
OH NO
YAY
Barry Lol, underscores :P
@lovemeter Diamond_Tiara Silver_Spoon
IM NOT ALONE!
13 Diamond_Tiara and Silver_Spoon are 75% in love.
0Haha Nat
/me launches FLutterDash, Nat_lq, and AllisZero to the MOON
BEEEEYEEETTTCCHHH!
Thanks, I figured that out myself, RDash
@on_the_moonmeter Natleyn
6 Natleyn is 97% on_the_moon. (1699)
0You still doing that, LordCelestia
Dang.
0I've been gone for three hours
0THREE HOURS
why yes i am
occasionaly
0Haha
0NOM NOM THE MOON IS PRETTY
@lovemeter Fluttershy Braeburn
13 Fluttershy and Braeburn are 81% in love.
;~;
@on_the_moonmeter flutterdash
6 flutterdash is 70% on_the_moon. (1700)
Who here knows about my secret attic basement from earlier??
@lovemeter Silvermane MirthTinker
13 Silvermane and MirthTinker are 89% in love.
@lovemeter Silvermane Grimgallop
13 Silvermane and Grimgallop are 16% in love.
lol Hero_Spirit
:p
/me approves
@lovemeter Silvermane Fluttershy
13 Silvermane and Fluttershy are 6% in love.
....-dies-
@drug_addictedmeter Lord Celestia
6 Lord Celestia is 76% drug_addicted. (1701)
That's how I make an entrance
@lovemeter Fluttershy GrimGallop
13 Fluttershy and GrimGallop are 30% in love.
Guys ive been to equestria before. Im going in a second. who wants me to say hi to rainbow dash for them?
@lovemeter Twilight_Sparkle Princess_Celestia
13 Twilight_Sparkle and Princess_Celestia are 73% in love.
Fluttershy... *cry*
@lovemeter Silvermane RainBroDash
13 Silvermane and RainBroDash are 69% in love.
ME!
0.0
RDash, perfect %
@lovemeter FlutterBro Fluttershy
13 FlutterBro and Fluttershy are 66% in love.
Alright ill be back soon guys
-was killed by plague this time around-
OFF TO EQUESTRIA I GO
...brotherly love
@lovemeter Butterscotch Fluttershy
13 Butterscotch and Fluttershy are 37% in love.
/me launches self to Equestria
Cya LordCelestia
BEEyyyeeeee----...
@lovemeter LordCelestia FlutterBro
13 LordCelestia and FlutterBro are 55% in love.
BYE!
@lovemeter Val Caramel
13 Val and Caramel are 68% in love.
@lovemeter Luna FlutterBro
13 Luna and FlutterBro are 49% in love.
@lovemeter RDash Rainbow_Dash
oh hi Hero_Spirit
13 RDash and Rainbow_Dash are 66% in love.
@lovemeter Caramel Big_Mac
13 Caramel and Big_Mac are 21% in love.
Oh hi Nat
Wat
@lovemeter Caramel cock
how does it calculate stuff?
13 Caramel and cock are 60% in love.
@lovemeter Luna Celestia
@lovemeter Hero_Spirit Hero_Spirit
13 Luna and Celestia are 5% in love.
13 Hero_Spirit and Hero_Spirit are 26% in love.
Do ho ho
@deadmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 100% dead. (1702)
No pony is over 70% in love D:<
o.O
...
;~:
NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOL
:'(
@lovemeter Applejack Applejack
13 Applejack and Applejack are 62% in love.
SOMEONE SAVE FLOOTERSHAI
@deadmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 46% dead. (1703)
NOO
07sooo let's see
Guys I have returned. Rainbow Dash says Hi to everybody here and so does Fluttershy. if that doesnt make you jump for joy and go "squee" then I don't know what will.
/me casts Revenance on Fluttershy
07what did I miss?
A lot of meter spamming
YAY!!!!!!!!
Man that... was... epic ]
/me hugs Luna
@deadmeter Luna
6 Luna is 11% dead. (1704)
/me hugs Luna
07that is correct
07so much to-do so little time
@deadmeter Lord Celestia
6 Lord Celestia is 57% dead. (1705)
Oh hey little sister. Well ive sent dozens more people to the moon and I just got back from Equestria
@deadmeter Rainbow_Dash
6 Rainbow_Dash is 40% dead. (1706)
@best_ponymeter Dash
6 Dash is 96% best_pony. (1707)
^ Eeyup
if that interest yo
@lovemeter Pinkie_Pie Bubble_Berry
13 Pinkie_Pie and Bubble_Berry are 28% in love.
*you
@testmeter me
6 me is 56% test. (1708)
@testmeter a b
Does this work with hate?
6 a b is 77% test. (1709)
Yes.
@Fluttershymeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 79% Fluttershy. (1710)
@madmeter Hero_Spirit
6 Hero_Spirit is 95% mad. (1711)
07@snugglemeter me
6 me is 12% snuggle. (1712)
@ameter b
@hatemeter Pants Socks
6 b is 64% a. (1713)
6 Pants Socks is 60% hate. (1714)
LOL
HERO, U MAD
07WAT!
I am Doctor Whooves again.
Nope
WHY I MAD
@EPICNESSmeter
6 You are 16% EPICNESS. (1715)
@hatemeter Rainbow_Dash Rainbow_Blitz
6 Rainbow_Dash Rainbow_Blitz is 47% hate. (1716)
That's twice in a row now.
@Staremeter Fluttershy
WHY I SO MAD
6 Fluttershy is 30% Stare. (1717)
@pony
12Nat_lq is 6Cheeri13lee
The Doctor!
@fashionablemeter Luna
6 Luna is 74% fashionable. (1718)
Oh hi Luna
@gaymeter somebody here
6 somebody here is 19% gay. (1719)
@glompedmeter Luna
LOL
I don't FEEL mad
WHat the?!
Awwwww
....
How was....
Thanks Luna. xD
GOOD JOB LITTLE SIS IT RUNS IN THE FAMILY :D
aww
:[
Lol
Do ho ho
Crushing dreams runs in the family...
we've been abusing him anyway
hauhuahua
Yep, thought so :(
WAT
:O
well u know what they say
And today, The Great and Powerful Natleyn is here.
@crazymeter LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 93% crazy. (1721)
o.o
@lovemeter Celestia Luna
13 Celestia and Luna are 58% in love.
Uep
^ sounds right
This just proves that the moon is no longer a fallible prison
*makes crazy pinkie face*
an infallible*
CUPCAKES!
07oh boy the B movie this week is such a treat for you all
it's a very good prison
@stupid LordCelestia
you know nothing of good priisons
Luna: SHOO BE DOO
@glompedmeter Luna
@lovemeter Pinkie Madam_Leflour
13 Pinkie and Madam_Leflour are 37% in love.
6 Luna is 31% glomped. (1723)
@inneedofshowermeter Fluttershy
WHO WANTS TO GO EXPLORE PINKIE PIES BASEMENT!?
6 Fluttershy is 89% inneedofshower. (1724)
/me sends Barry to the moon
@stupidmeter LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 15% stupid. (1725)
It's the MLP movie, right?
BEEYETCH
07eeeyup
@lovemeter Luna Fluttershy
13 Luna and Fluttershy are 90% in love.
How quaint
:3
Flutterbro you must DIE
/me escapes the moon with minor damage fromre-entry
@SHOO_BE_DOOmeter This weeks B movie
6 This weeks B movie is 24% SHOO_BE_DOO. (1726)
07oh my..
@crazymeter LordCelestia Luna
6 LordCelestia Luna is 48% crazy. (1727)
/me sends Flutterbro to the MOOOOOOON BEEYEETCH
Sounds about right
07could see that coming
@crazymeter Nightmare Moon
6 Nightmare Moon is 49% crazy. (1728)
D'awww, Flootershai...
The other 51% is lonely
@smoozemeter This week's B movie
6 This week's B movie is 4% smooze. (1729)
@d'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 1% d'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaw. (1730)
There was someone here earlier named PrincessLuna and she played along with my moon thing perfectly
@crazymeter
6 You are 25% crazy. (1731)
@Pantsmeter Lyra
6 Lyra is 88% Pants. (1732)
she or he... u never know on these things
Thank you hero.
<3
@trollingmeter LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 65% trolling. (1733)
0Wow, sad
@Doctor_Whoovesmeter LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 71% Doctor_Whooves. (1734)
@gaymeter Somebody here
6 Somebody here is 52% gay. (1735)
0I have to go back to work tomorrow
07later Allis
@metermeter
@pony The pony who Silvermane is the most scared of
derp
6 You are 48% meter. (1736)
6 The pony who Silvermane is the most scared of is 3Granny Sm15ith
Later
makes sense if someone here is bi
0Not going now, Luna
@trollmeter Princess Celestia
6 Princess Celestia is 50% troll. (1737)
07oh, hehe
0I'll still come hang out with you guys after my raid
07i'm sorry
@pony Craziest Pony
6 Craziest Pony is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
07have fun raiding
07which bosses?
BLASPHEMY
Have fun! o-o
Eugh WoW.
:P
@Pony Luna's only fear
6 Luna's only fear is 10Sni5ps
@pony CUTEST pony
6 CUTEST pony is 6Spik3e
@pony The pony who is really a parasprite.
6 The pony who is really a parasprite. is 7Mr Br15eezy
0Working on Lord Rhyolith Heroic for the past 3 hours
Luna, is it true?
@pony Applejack's only fear
6 Applejack's only fear is 8Sapphire 12Sh11or12es
0Kinda sad, but we're a few pulls
@derpymeter LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 52% derpy. (1739)
@pony Pony that goes with The Great and Powerful Natleyn on internet adventures
6 Pony that goes with The Great and Powerful Natleyn on internet adventures is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
FUCK YES
time warp?
ADVENTUUUUUUUUUUUUURE
.....
LUNA
I.
Have...
@pony A pony
I'll be right back guys, gotta go clean up pinkie pies basement before she brings me down there....
6 A pony is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
a confession to make
Yes I am, Pinkie.
@pony Twilight Sparkle
6 Twilight Sparkle is 15Tw6i4st
10ohai
/me What would that be, Fluttershy? Tell your nice rulers.
....
0Dat beautiful moon outside
@pony Ponyest pony
6 Ponyest pony is 4Big Macint7osh
@pony LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 10Trix11ie
0Sup RBD!
10yo yo alliszero
Hello RBD
Luna! I... I.... I LOVE YOU AND... and.... TO THE LUNAR REPLUBIC!!!
10how's it going buddy?
/me pokes the channel
The Great and Powerful Lord Celestia... I LOVE IT
@awesomemeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 51% awesome. (1741)
0Still sick, hoping I'll be 100% tomorrow
/me glomps RainBroDash. "HEY WAIFU!!!"
@Fluttershy WHATTTTT!!!??
0You?
Oh no.
Not RainBro.
/me 10cackles
Barry... Your supreme overlords would like to have a word with you
@pony
@trollingmeter Fluttershy
12Nat_lq is 4Big Macint7osh
@pony LordCelestia's bestest friend
6 Fluttershy is 93% trolling. (1742)
6 LordCelestia's bestest friend is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
What you been busy doing anyway, watching your weird paedo anime? :P
Fluttershy yous trollin
WELL SHE IS MY MOST FAITHFUL STUDENT
You betcha
@pony
12GrimGallop is 14Silver S15poon
but Fluttershy is by far the cutest
Bed time, bye everypony
;D
lemme launch you to your bed
@lololololmeter How hard FlutterBro
6 How hard FlutterBro is 9% lolololol. (1743)
9%?
@pony
12FlutterBro is 8Mr a7nd 11Mrs C13ake
Hm. So my one talent is being rich and spoiled?
/me launches RDash to bed "BEEYEEETCH! Good night!
/me loves Luna as well. "For the Lunar Republic, and For Those who Love the Night!!"
Night RDash!
@bedmeter RDash
6 RDash is 16% bed. (1744)
@LordCelestiameter LordCelestia
>_>
6 LordCelestia is 89% LordCelestia. (1745)
Fluttershy, what was that about trolling?
paradox
I am?
EXCELLENT
>;3
@excellentmeter Lord Celestia
6 Lord Celestia is 17% excellent. (1746)
aw
@malemeter LordCelestia
dammit
6 LordCelestia is 37% male. (1747)
@lovemeter GrimGallop Luna
13 GrimGallop and Luna are 66% in love.
thats just confusing
@malemeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 4% male. (1748)
wow how accurate
@femalemeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 26% female. (1749)
....what?
How?
Which 4% of you is male? o.o
@having_funmeter LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 83% having_fun. (1750)
@FUCKING_CUTEmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 5% FUCKING_CUTE. (1751)
NO
Y u so paedo?
@TRANSVESTITEmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 25% TRANSVESTITE. (1752)
>>
<<
@adorablemeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 88% adorable. (1753)
10that and surfind the interwebs, watched an SC2 stream earlier
:P
LET'S DO THE TIMEWARP AGAIN!!!
10and dari, because dat shit is so cash.
TIMEWARP
@pony LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 15Sweetie 6Be13ll6e
Pfft
@bananameter LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 65% banana. (1754)
@timewarpmeter Everypony
6 Everypony is 7% timewarp. (1755)
THERE SHALL BE NO TIME WARPING UNTIL I SAYS SO
I SAY SO
SHOOOBEDOOOSHOOOSHOOBEDOOOOSHOOOBEDOOOSHOOSHOOBE DOOOO
go ahead everypony
-SOBS-
@Off_her_rockermeter LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 33% Off_her_rocker. (1756)
Now i says so!
/me jumps to the left
/me hugs Flootershay
/me steps to the right
do the time warp or whatever it is
/me puts hands on his hip
and do the chacah
@Timewarpmeter Timewarp progress
6 Timewarp progress is 95% Timewarp. (1757)
lets do the chacah
95% timewarped!
10dari you do realise you're just jelly though right?
/me puts his hooves on his hips and brings his knees in tight
Jelly?
Why?
10because I'm stylin on you.
@Trollmeter FlutterBro
6 FlutterBro is 57% Troll. (1759)
you wont be finding any jelly
ON THE MOOOOON
Commander Jelly Jiggler?
26% jelly.
@jellymeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 16% jelly. (1760)
blegh
:/
;)
@treemeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 29% tree. (1762)
@popcornmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 43% popcorn. (1763)
@pokemeter Decapking
6 Decapking is 25% poke. (1764)
@jellymeter Gelatinous Cube
6 Gelatinous Cube is 84% jelly. (1765)
no prince dari isnt on the moon
@pokemonmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 100% pokemon. (1766)
@lovemeter Rainbow_Dash Fluttershy
13 Rainbow_Dash and Fluttershy are 83% in love.
...
/me throws a pokeball at Fluttershy
Hm
Fluttershy? Since when
Nooooo! -is captured-
@Capturedmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 48% Captured. (1767)
/me throws Master Ball at Fluttershy
@Capturedmeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 20% Captured. (1768)
/me goes "NOOOOO" and defeats GrimGallop
Too late, already caught her~
DANG IT
/me frees Fluttershy
with her MAGIC POWER
@pony The pony that Fluttershy evolves into
6 The pony that Fluttershy evolves into is 15Princess 11Ce9le12st13ia
"alicorn, duh"
GODDAMN.
nice
O_O
o.o
10@pony The pony RBD has in his pogeyball
:O
6 The pony RBD has in his pogeyball is 7Scoota6loo
/me brohoofs Fluttershy
/me 10is like.
A CHICKEN!?
/me brohoofs TGnP_Natleyn back
No no, she's now a Celestia.
@lovedmeter Luna
I LOVE CHICKEN
6 Luna is 25% loved. (1769)
Oh, you missed it RainBro.
@lovedmeter Luna
6 Luna is 76% loved. (1770)
@pony The pony Hero_Spirit has in his pokeball
6 The pony Hero_Spirit has in his pokeball is 14Silver S15poon
When I evolve I turn into Celestia? Cool!
better
@pony The pony with the power to defeat me
@LordCelestiameter LordCelestia
6 The pony with the power to defeat me is 4Apple 8Bumpkin
6 LordCelestia is 33% LordCelestia. (1771)
@pony The pony in TGnP_Natleyn's premier ball
6 The pony in TGnP_Natleyn's premier ball is 14Derp8y
I HAVE DERPY.
@pony Pony that FlutterBro has in HIS pokeball
6 Pony that FlutterBro has in HIS pokeball is 12Soar1in'
what?
@derpy you_are
what?
@pony Pony that FlutterBro has in HIS pokeball
6 Pony that FlutterBro has in HIS pokeball is 5Little Strong7heart
aw
shes not a pony
07so much spam >.>
thats not a pony
is she?
@pony Pony that FlutterBro has in HIS pokeball
6 Pony that FlutterBro has in HIS pokeball is 2The 8Wonder2bolts
YES!
cool
@pony The Pony that is in HIS masterball is
>.>
6 The Pony that is in HIS masterball is is 13Pinkie 4Pie
@randommeter EVERPONY
6 EVERPONY is 85% random. (1773)
FUCK YEAH
INB4 teal
@pony Pony that EspyLacopa has in HIS pokeball
6 Pony that EspyLacopa has in HIS pokeball is 13Pinkie 4Pie
@pony The pony Rainbow_Dash has in her pokeball
@pony Pony that FlutterBro has in HIS pokeball
/me says "EVERYBODY STOP BEFORE WE START FLINGIN PEOPLE TO THE MOON"
6 The pony Rainbow_Dash has in her pokeball is 15Sweetie 6Be13ll6e
6 Pony that FlutterBro has in HIS pokeball is 7Mr Br15eezy
Wait. Two Pinkie Pies?
@pony The pony who will win in a pokemon fight against Fluttershy
6 The pony who will win in a pokemon fight against Fluttershy is 15Prince Blueb8lood
Sweetie Belle? Interesting
Hiya Rainbow_Dash!
10interderped
D:
@CRAZYmeter EVERYPONY
6 EVERYPONY is 40% CRAZY. (1774)
Hi
KILL THE METER
hi rainbow dash
do you like bananas
@trulyoffthewallinsane Silvermane
@THIS_SHOULD_GOmter
@THIS_SHOULD_GOmeter
6 You are 52% THIS_SHOULD_GO. (1775)
10reposting since I have no idea if it sent or not http://i.imgur.com/dgnSy.png
@trulyoffthewallinsanemeter Silvermane
!random
6 Silvermane is 46% trulyoffthewallinsane. (1776)
O-o
O_o*
0@All_The_Ponies_In_This_Chat_are_CRAZYmeter
@bananas you are
6 You are 62% All_The_Ponies_In_This_Chat_are_CRAZY. (1777)
@bananasmeter you are
6 you are is 64% bananas. (1778)
ON THE MOON
10@trollmeter !trivia-on
6 !trivia-on is 3% troll. (1779)
:D
@pony @pony
@pony The pony who is going to rule over all of Equestria just because he/she is truly awesome
6 @pony is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
6 The pony who is going to rule over all of Equestria just because he/she is truly awesome is 12Spit8f7ire
Wait.. DecapKing.. -.-
Fluttershy, that's about 50% off
!random
Nat_lq will be blue and is sometimes humourus
SILVERMANEEEEEE
I
/me is closer to 96% off the wall insane
I
I
Lawl
I LOVE YOU
@pony Pony that LordCelestia likes the most
6 Pony that LordCelestia likes the most is 8Sapphire 12Sh11or12es
...?
@trollmeter /quit
6 /quit is 96% troll. (1780)
I love you too, Shy Shy
I love you I love you I love you I FRIGGING LOVE YOU
;3
!random
TDK should be big and is continuously nonsensicle
Curses, it didn't work.
D'AAW I LOVE U TOO FLUTTERSHY
:p
@Sexymeter Silvermane
Whoo! I'm blue and humorous sometimes
6Silvermane is 4793511% sexy.
@lovemeter LordCelestia Fluttershy
13 LordCelestia and Fluttershy are 72% in love.
@TIMEWARPmeter Silvermane
6 Silvermane is 97% TIMEWARP. (1781)
lol I love you too Fluttershy
/me does the TIME WARP AGAIN
@lovemeter Silvermane Fluttershy
13 Silvermane and Fluttershy are 44% in love.
-falls over laughing, can't breathe-
Hmm
That cant be right
/me does the time warp as she send yet another innocent soul to the moon
@COMPLETEmeter DOOMSDAY
6 DOOMSDAY is 78% COMPLETE. (1783)
FAIL YOU LIE
>>>
>>
<<
I mean. FLUTTERSHY WOULD NEVER HATE ANYPONY!!
do i need to send you to the moon
?
@pony The pony LordCelestia has just banished to the moon
6 The pony LordCelestia has just banished to the moon is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
-bites LordCelestia-
@lovemeter Trollight_Sparkle LordCelestia
13 Trollight_Sparkle and LordCelestia are 95% in love.
YAAAY
.....
@lovemeter Trollestia Molestia
13 Trollestia and Molestia are 84% in love.
makes sense haha
@evilmeter Overlord_Celestia
6 Overlord_Celestia is 81% evil. (1784)
Who wants to join Soviet Equestria? we have a kick-ass anthem
ffs
@lovemeter GrimGallop GrimGallop
13 GrimGallop and GrimGallop are 92% in love.
@goodmeter Overlord Celestia
6 Overlord Celestia is 16% good. (1785)
@neutralmeter Overlord Celestia
6 Overlord Celestia is 92% neutral. (1786)
Long live our Equine Motherland! Built by the ponies' mighty hands!
/me 10now in teal
or hoovews
*hooves
wait...
...and the meter spam stops? o.o
@pony GOING TO EXPLODE TWICE
6 GOING TO EXPLODE TWICE is 7G5ild15a
No
Long live our friendship tried by fire... Long may our violet flag inspire... Long live Questria glorious and free!
@Lovemeter Rainbow_Dash Pinkie_Pie
13 Rainbow_Dash and Pinkie_Pie are 77% in love.
Figures
to...
the...
@AWESOMEmeter The Lunar Republic
6 The Lunar Republic is 12% AWESOME. (1787)
@Soviet_Equestrianmeter You
@AWESOMEmeter The Lunar Republic
6 You is 51% Soviet_Equestrian. (1788)
6 The Lunar Republic is 31% AWESOME. (1789)
yay i win
BEEEYEETCH
@AWESOMEmeter Solar Empire
6 Solar Empire is 94% AWESOME. (1791)
...
@randommeter
Lol.
6 You are 71% random. (1792)
@pantsmeter
6 You are 63% pants. (1793)
It's all true
@lawlmeter
6 You are 7% lawl. (1794)
@No_Pantsmeter
6 You are 99% No_Pants. (1795)
Pinkie_Pie, you are so random.
@boredmeter
6 You are 54% bored. (1796)
@pantlessmeter you are
6 you are is 22% pantless. (1797)
@boredmeter
6 You are 6% bored. (1798)
@pantlessmeter
6 You are 78% pantless. (1799)
I am ammused, for the magnet claims it to be true
0_0
I can cast high level Pants Type magic
@completemeter Assimilation
6 Assimilation is 81% complete. (1800)
@amusedmeter
6 You are 81% amused. (1801)
@uselessmeter Resistance
6 Resistance is 8% useless. (1802)
@party_animalmeter
6 You are 36% party_animal. (1803)
/me cackles maniacally
@uselessmeter Resistance
6 Resistance is 60% useless. (1804)
One of my strongest spells is Hot Pants Rain
but it's a big mana drain
@awesome MLP
@awesomemeter MLP
6 MLP is 5% awesome. (1805)
LOL
@awesomemeter MLP
6 MLP is 22% awesome. (1806)
@awesomemeter MLP
6 MLP is 88% awesome. (1807)
@pony The pony with the most mana
6 The pony with the most mana is 6Spik3e
there
@awesomemeter MLP:FiM
6 MLP:FiM is 94% awesome. (1808)
@epicmeter MLP
6 MLP is 69% epic. (1809)
see
thats how you do it
@a_supporter_of_the_long_prosper_and_glory_of_the_Equestrian_Union_and_stand_firm_and_tall_in_all_its_shining_glorymeter
6 You are 3% a_supporter_of_the_long_prosper_and_glory_of_the_Equestrian_Union_and_stand_firm_and_tall_in_all_its_shining_glory. (1810)
damn it
@coolermeter
6 You are 11% cooler. (1811)
@pony
12Zephirdd is 14Derp8y
@coolermeter
Derp
6 You are 60% cooler. (1812)
10@lovemeter RainBroDash Apple_Fritter
13 RainBroDash and Apple_Fritter are 12% in love.
@randommeter random
6 random is 76% random. (1813)
10fffffffffff
@coolermeter
6 You are 56% cooler. (1814)
07poor RBD
10;_____;
@a_supporter_of_the_long_prosper_and_glory_of_the_Equestrian_Union_and_stand_firm_and_tall_in_all_its_shining_glorymeter
6 You are 10% a_supporter_of_the_long_prosper_and_glory_of_the_Equestrian_Union_and_stand_firm_and_tall_in_all_its_shining_glory. (1815)
@bronymeter
6 You are 60% brony. (1816)
56..
@Pony Herospirit's Pants Magic apprentice
6 Herospirit's Pants Magic apprentice is 7Mr Br15eezy
10next time.
damn it its so low
oh my god
Fluttershy ringtone
@bronymeter
oh
6 You are 65% brony. (1817)
my
@bronymeter
6 is 666% brony. (ZOMGZLYKEWOAZNOWAI)
yay
http://tindeck.com/listen/wzvd
@yaymeter
6 You are 16% yay. (1)
for those who didnt see it
@Pantsmeter Herospirit's Pants Magic teacher
6 Herospirit's Pants Magic teacher is 6% Pants. (2)
crap
@bronymeter
6 You are 24% brony. (3)
meant @pony
BS
Its time to be bold
@pony Herospirit's Pants Magic teacher
6 Herospirit's Pants Magic teacher is 15Tw6i4st
@lesbianmeter
6 You are 20% lesbian. (4)
:0
LOL
best
quote
ever
TWIST IS NOT MY TEACHER
hah
Eeyup
se true
thats the 2%
07>implying you can LordCelestia?
@pony Notch
6 Notch is 7Scoota6loo
okay
I can pretend to! :D
o.o
@pony the pony most likely to lez out on me
6 the pony most likely to lez out on me is 3Granny Sm15ith
@lesbianmeter Fluttershy
Notch is my warrior on WoW. He mines and crafts.
6 Fluttershy is 30% lesbian. (6)
@lesbianmeter Pinkie_Pie
6 Pinkie_Pie is 85% lesbian. (7)
Niiiiice Mirth
@pony Notch
6 Notch is 15Tw6i4st
it's fun to pretend...
*sugh
*sigh
@lesbianmeter Spitfire
6 Spitfire is 9% lesbian. (8)
@pony Luna
6 Luna is 8Sapphire 12Sh11or12es
@pony Luna
6 Luna is 8Mr a7nd 11Mrs C13ake
/me is reading the wiki page for RHPS
/me shrugs
@pony
12GrimGallop is 14Hoity-15Toity
@pony Mr and Mrs Cake
"The film was condemned by the Nation Decency Legion."
6 Mr and Mrs Cake is 7Scoota6loo
brb you guys
EspyLacopa: wat is RHPS
@pony Scootaloo
6 Scootaloo is 2Princess L10una
07I enjoyed RHPS!
@pony Luna
6 Luna is 14Silver S15poon
Rocky Horror Picture Show
@lovemeter Valthejean Wrek
13 Valthejean and Wrek are 20% in love.
ah
@pony Silver Spoon
6 Silver Spoon is 7Mr Br15eezy
no shenanigans while Im gone, like, spamming things about SPAAACE and what-not. so none of that.
Ehh.
@pony Mr Breezy
6 Mr Breezy is 8Flutter13shy
@pony Fluttershy
Friggin internet.
6 Fluttershy is 7G5ild15a
I'll keep them in control with my Pants magic
@pony boredest pony
6 boredest pony is 4Apple 8Bumpkin
Ponies are weak against pants
Hero are you Lyra?
Oh.
@pony THE INTERNET
No. But she is my teacher
6 THE INTERNET is 10Trix11ie
@meter The_Chance_That_Herospirits_Pants_Magic_Is_Weak
6 The_Chance_That_Herospirits_Pants_Magic_Is_Weak is 57% . (9)
...
I'm Trixie!
I AM THE INTERNET
Are you willing to take that 43% chance?
@test test meter
@test testmeter
nope
@testmeter test meter
6 test meter is 86% test. (10)
>w>
/me 's pants burst into flames
@metermetermetermetermetermeter
6 You are 54% metermetermetermetermeter. (11)
TOTALLY ON PURPOSE.
Whoa. RHPS is still playing in theatres?
@a_treemeter Fluttershy
6 Fluttershy is 44% a_tree. (12)
The Great and Powerful Natleyn has arrived!
:D
@pony TGnP_Natleyn
6 TGnP_Natleyn is 15Rari6ty
@pony
12Rainbow_Dash is 7Mr Br15eezy
Lies.
Anyone else here wearing pants? I need to practice some spells.
More lies.
I was declared as Trixie first.
and I am a banana
@pony
@liemeter Cake
12Bubble_Berry is 10Trix11ie
6 Cake is 65% lie. (14)
WHY DOES NO ONE WEAR PANTS HERE ;_;
I'm wearing pants
WELL I AM A PONY SIR
I think
SO I DONT NEED TO
Can I practice spells on your pants? :3
@wearing_pantsmeter
6 You are 52% wearing_pants. (15)
They're shorts now
/me misses RHPS
@pantsmeter #bronystate
6 #bronystate is 86% pants. (16)
isnt that right, Luna? us ponies have no need to ear pants or whatever humans call them
SEE, THEY'RE HIDING IT.
@crazymeter Luna
6 Luna is 3% crazy. (17)
Shorts? I'm not too great with shorts
07hahaha
073% oh my
@crazymeter GrimGallop
6 GrimGallop is 20% crazy. (18)
/me hugs Luna
@wearing_socksmeter
I'm becoming more sane by the hour o.o
6 You are 36% wearing_socks. (19)
And WHO'S HIDING THAT 86% WORTH OF PANTS
@Great_and_Powerful TGnP_Natleyn
Err.
@sanemeter LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 99% sane. (20)
@Great_and_Powerfulmeter TGnP_Natleyn
6 TGnP_Natleyn is 49% Great_and_Powerful. (21)
CLOSE ENOUGH.
@insanemeter LordCelestia
6 LordCelestia is 83% insane. (22)
@Pony The pony hiding the pants
6 The pony hiding the pants is 9App3le 8Fritter
Who are you, Sheogorath?
DAMMIT APPLE FRITTER
!random
@bored_of_thismeter EVERYPONY
6 EVERYPONY is 34% bored_of_this. (23)
10dat wasted apple fritter
/me 10has a sad
@TGnP_Natleynmeter TGnP_Natleyn
6 TGnP_Natleyn is 24% TGnP_Natleyn. (24)
/me hugs RainBroDash
@pony RainBroDash
6 RainBroDash is 14Derp8y
D:
IT was glorious.
10asdlISDFNA
@pony Best as a human
6 Best as a human is 10Sni5ps
10^Lol
@pony Worst pony
6 Worst pony is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
/me soothes RBD
I personally like when I went and got Luna to break herself out of DCD's harem.
@Pony The pony in Dari's pants
6 The pony in Dari's pants is 5Little Strong7heart
...
o-O;
>_>
<_<
That's not a pony
@pony The pony who's going to kill us all
6 The pony who's going to kill us all is 7Mr Br15eezy
@pony The pony who's going to kill us all
@pony The pony in Hero_Spirits pants
6 The pony who's going to kill us all is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
6 The pony in Hero_Spirits pants is 8Bo12nB13on
THOSE FANS.
Lyra is jealous.
@pony The dumbest pony
6 The dumbest pony is 6Cheeri13lee
05@pony flutterbro's secret love interest
6 flutterbro's secret love interest is 14Silver S15poon
@jellymeter Lyra
6 Lyra is 99% jelly. (25)
I keep all kinds of things in my pants
SEE!
99% JELLY.
@chane
Wait. I'm Silver Spoon o.o
@chance
@pony Hero_Spirit
6 Hero_Spirit is 4Apple 8Bumpkin
I couldn't remember if @chance was a thing or not.
@pony Second worst pony
6 Second worst pony is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
And Apple Bumpkin is the pony with the power to defeat me D:
^Truth
@pony
12FlutterBro is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
And that fool Magnet does not know.... I am NO PONY AT ALL
@pony
12TGnP_Natleyn is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
@pony Herospirit
6 Herospirit is 5Little Strong7heart
@pony
12TGnP_Natleyn is 5Snai10ls
>_>
Your right, your a buffalo
/me casts Pantsaga on GrimGallop
o.o
DIE, MONSTER
/me casts Pantsaja on Hero_Spirit
@effectivemeter Pantsaja
6 Pantsaja is 95% effective. (27)
/me absorbs Pants damage
Woot woot!
/me used party with Pinkie_Pie
OH CRAP.^
/me dispels the pants and shoots a bolt of darkness at Hero_Spirit
Pants magic heals me!
FFFFFFFFFF
Dark magic does not!
@damagemeter ShadowBolt
6 ShadowBolt is 45% damage. (28)
/me bleeds
I can still stand!
@pony
12Pinkie_Pie is 4Big Macint7osh
Hiya NewDCD
/me casts High Pants Meteo on all enemies
Ahoy
@dodgemeter
6 You are 57% dodge. (29)
@damagemeter PantsMeteo
6 PantsMeteo is 90% damage. (30)
@effectivemeter High_Pants_Meteo
6 High_Pants_Meteo is 20% effective. (31)
Close enough.
Wat
YOU MISSED, BRO
HOW CAN METEO MISS? WHAT IS THIS I DONT EVEN
hey
;_;
IM PLAYING A MLP GAME OMG THIS IS COOL
THAT'S IT GALLOP
YOU WILL FALL
You accursed fiend! Burn!
BY THE POWER OF APPLE FRITTER
/me activates Limitbreak: Drop the Hammer Pants
@effectivemeter Apple Fritter
6 Apple Fritter is 16% effective. (32)
nope.jpg
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUuu
@damagemeter Darkfire
6 Darkfire is 29% damage. (33)
@damagemeter Drop_The_Hammer_Pants
6 Drop_The_Hammer_Pants is 47% damage. (34)
...
Hey Gallo
You guys are terrible at attacks :<
Gallop.
I think
/me casts Time Warp
We suck at this
@effectivemeter Time Warp
6 Time Warp is 17% effective. (35)
D:
Darn it.
You too nat
BUT! I have one more
Gallop. I think we should, like.
/me vanishes, consumed by a vortex of dark mist. Screams echo from all around, seeming to originate from nowhere, as the mist clears.
Practice.
/me casts Rick Roll
@effectivemeter Rick Roll
6 Rick Roll is 16% effective. (36)
Gawsh.
Did... Did we kill Gallop?
Oshit
Hide the body
@awesomemeter Trixie-like fireworks
6 Trixie-like fireworks is 40% awesome. (37)
y u hate me ;~;
/me "I'll be back, you miserable wretch!"
MY PANTS WILL BE WAITING AND oh god that sounded wrong
Lol
Good game mate, good game
/me produces sparkling grape juice from pockets
Juice, anyone?
Nuking 90% of my health with pants... what the crap? D:
GrimGallop, check your PMs
Ohai Hero_Spirit :0
Ohai
/me does the TIME WARP AGAIN!
Ohhai Razyn.
/me pours everyone sparkling grape juice
Confound you Natleyn, constructing an even harder to type nick
Sorry xD
Honestly Gallop, I think the game's rigged. The hero always wins.
I was declared Trixie earlier, so.
HNNNNG. Potato Salad
10Nice CAPTCHA... Change in thermal conductivity coefficient? Or change in hooke's law constant? http://i.imgur.com/n8JhZ.png
And it's in my name, soooo.....
/me sends TGnP_Natelyn to the MOOOOON
It's true T_T
If I knew bronies - had so much up their sleeve,
i'd have come here sooner - and never leave
i like that song
RainBroDash, I've seen a captcha use the summation symbol with numbers and stuff in all the right olaces
something i learnt on my time on the moon
Maybe you should try being a mysterious anti-hero, Gallop
They win even more than heros
10TGnP_Natleyn ;______;
Yeah. It wasn't me, a friend posted a screen cap, but apparently he got past it just using lowercase e
R
M
By the way, Pants magic is totally gonna be a thing in my RPG now. Maybe it'll do extra damage against Dark and vice-versa.
Anypony here wanna read a very interesting Fan-Fiction?
HeroSpirit, your PMs
10TGnP_Natleyn haha. I just didn't even try that one to be honest.
LordCelestia, come at me bro
i will
Hmmm... mysterious anti-hero, eh?
Must i banish you to the moon?
...Of all the times for my ISP to have a downtime
Ohai DCD!
Hero_Spirit?
LordCelestia, just gimme the FanFic, silly.
thats all so far
Hey, Boston. That's right in my backyard
so..
@afkmeter
6 You are 19% afk. (38)
@afkmeter
6 You are 33% afk. (39)
i dont get it
@afkmeter
6 You are 8% afk. (40)
@afkmeter
6 You are 83% afk. (41)
@lurkingmeter
6 You are 94% lurking. (42)
@afkmeter #Bronystate
6 #Bronystate is 94% afk. (43)
05@afkmeter
6 You are 45% afk. (44)
I win.
bot
@afkmeter bot
6 bot is 37% afk. (45)
@downtimemeter DCD's ISP
6 DCD's ISP is 84% downtime. (46)
shit is down down down
@ironymeter That last syntax
6 That last syntax is 15% irony. (48)
Hello
no stream tonight?
@spammeter this chat
6 this chat is 27% spam. (49)
05@pony Barry's secret love interest
Chang: my ISP decided t go down
6 Barry's secret love interest is 2The 8Wonder2bolts
10dat two 94%s in a row
@ironicmeter the last syntax
Is there no ironic meter?
6 the last syntax is 66% ironic. (50)
how come none of the mods have pinkie pie as their fav pony? =(
nvm
10MrChang good point, since pinkie pie is definitely nowhere near as bad as fluttershy rarity and applejack
10we need to fix this!
@barrymeter barry
07Yes RainBro
whats playing
07from now on your fav pony is Pinkie-Pie
10No
10nononononoNO D:
Hi Woona :3
pwnd
@pinkiepiemeter
: D
10I refuse to live like this
>mfw I have to sleep so early due to class tomorrow
I get this feeling
my ISP just trolled the everloving shit out of me
05Rinbardosh, accept your fate
so how are you online right now?
¬¬'
MrChang: >MobileDCD
>Mobile
10derp, internets go boom
07omg
Dang it EqD
07wallpapers
07must check
Don't give in RainBroDash
choose your own destiny
05aye
05nice octavia one
05adn luna
@oldmeter @meter
07downloading them all
^fail
07because I can :D
lol
and Sethisto had just replied
You could set them to a cycle :3
07exactly
Luna, can you zip them up and put them up for download? ):
07yea...
07gimme a sec
#2 aint that great
needs moar pinkie
/me prefers the dark ones
well
gonna sleep
/me hugs chat
07night Zephirdd
bye guys
/me hugs Luna because Luna
10cya:)
07see you SOON!
Goodbye everypone
pony*
seems it might return
/me hugs Denied_Existence
/me hugs Zephirdd?
Dang.
lemme launch you to bed
Silly facebook, distracting me
Oh it's time for me too to go to bed. Good night.
/me launches Zephirdd to the BEEEEEEEEDDDDDDDDDDD BEEYEETCH
10cya D_E:)
10and you whatpayne, hehe :3
:3
07too soon
/me was typing :(
/me settles down to finish English homework with a Sam
/me hugs WhatPayne goodnight
what a relief
we're back online
0Finally, this raid is over
07we are?
07oh you are
Welcome back Allis and DCD
streammmm
9oh
Im back everyone
9I see you know
9*now
Hey there.
07Hello
A lot of people left, huh?
SETHISTO IS IN
I MEAN DANGER CLOSE
0Thanks!
07lol
10oh god it's dari
10go away
10;3
get on #conferenceroom
0I'm gonna go upstairs grab some food
0Be right back
07Bedtime for some.. Confound these timezones!
0Mine is coming up :*
0:(*
07Soon?
I have about an hour and a half till I get to think about going to bed.
05nn fellow bronies
Nighty Night Wrek!
/me hugs Wrek
Night Wrek!
05wait what?
any streaming?
10nn wrek
10have a good sleeps
Imma be on for like another hour probably
05There we go.
any streamin? or it's too latE?
MrChang, do you like Bananas?
yeah
i like em
so you are a mmmm beeyetch that likes mmm bananas
I still can't stop thinking of ponies. My thoughts are now all in Pony form. What the fuck, guys.
(do you get this joke?)
Hah, I'll bring him back later Rainbow_Dash.
Aw.. Okay
well i think theres a place to know whether you think i like bananas or not.
is there a stream ATM?
well, go. 'cause you about to go bananas
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOONNNNAAAAAAH
07I think that's most of us currently available
ON THE MOOON
BEE-YETCH
yeah i saw it
/me launches MrChang to the moon
too loud
BEEYEETCH
Seth? How quaint
9okay
9phew
9I was getting some trouble on this end
Speak for us words of wisdom Seth
9let's just say I got nervous
DCD is about to stream.
nice
what is he gonna stream?
I've updated the dinkypage, .co.cc, and .net.
Some SRW Z2?
9Okay Seth
Ponies are bad at numbering guise.
Excellent. I shall not send him to the moon
So any should work (you might need to close and reopen the pge if you've had it open for a while)
9I'd like to direct your attention to our stream window during this
9consider it a sample of our streaming capabilities
9starting...nwo.
9*now
Damn right you meant protectors.
OBEY
.
dari it was #2 10m ago
alright, gonna refresh
MrChang, it was a typo by Cereal Velocity on EqD
can you guys tell Seth about the publicity thing while I handle the stream?
i know
it is #14
damn cereal velocity
9naw, we're just doing some stress tests
9actually fixed audio this time
9how is it?
looks good sounds good
10Seeensaastionaal~
07it's amazing!
ONNNN THE MOOOOOONNNAHHH
it is spectacular!
*faints
10dat extra s.. Bleugh, it's late
im refreshing
Its working NewDCD
it still says offline
10quality is looking goood DCD
POOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNNYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
OMG LOOK IM ON THE STREAM LOOKIE THERE
Back to being not so Great and Powerful.
>mfw who be Seth?
how are you all seeing this?
07nope
refresh the stream
MrChang, refresh?
07bronystate.net/theatre
oh moved again.
Yeah, normal stream has improved.
/me is so out of the loop
it says offline for high quality
OOH
MY CURSOR IS SO ACCURATE. <3
9okay, I guess I'll be the one doing the talking
10MrChang you gotta refresh the whole page, not just the stream
My stream looks and sounds fine here
Try refreshing the page.
Oh, i totally was digging through email
it's a little laggy for me for whatever reason
9well Seth, we wish to hold an event leading to Season 2
9(I mean the one talking for BronyState xD)
I'm lagging a bit, but I assumed it was due to my brother playing 360
9anyways, we wish to hold a pretty hefty event
Alright
GENTLEMEN
and celestia
9you already know of our famous movie nights, which take place on Fridays
*cough*
yep
>Lord
Right.
uhh
9since the premiere is next Saturday, this was our plan:
it still says offline for high quality
wahh
5by5 here
I missed whatever you streamed though
yep/
Im watching megas right now apparently!
you...look...delicious
9Stream the movies from the movie night, then commence an overnight marathon of Season 1
GEMS
9Seth, I think you're in the wrong page LOL
yah, it lags for me.
9http://bronystate.net/theatre/
9there
9check that player out
high quality still says offline
/me refreshes
9for a sample of our actual stream quality
I'm not having any lag.
idk why all of your arent working, mines perfectly fine
And as far as I've seen no one else has complained of any?
There we go, works for me~
07nope
/me 10is now in modchat
If you keep having problems, clear your cache then try again.
Lag is gone.
Well you see Dari, I fail at life, and my stream apparently reacts accordingly.
no lag
hmm, let me mess with scripts
but high quality says offline for me
o hai MrChang
Aww, Hero_Spirit.
10hero_spirit, sounds pretty accurate ;)
there is no HQ atm
9anyways, we wanted to do Movie Night > Pony Marathon, leading to the S2 premiere...and after the premiere episode, we wished to follow it into non-pony related stuff, potentially including stuff like Doctor Who and House
Prince Dari? Hey!
/me had one hesitation that lasted a few seconds.
6 but aside from that it is fine~
/me hugs VioletVanilla
then again if this is LQ i dont think I could handle HQ
Hiya!
Alright
Sounds good!
You found your way over here then. XD
Why are you guys here if there's no stream?
9in other words, a continuous stream starting on Friday Night and ending on Late Saturday
There is a stream.
9well, here comes the pitch:
07there is a stream
to chat with fellow bronies
RAPEEEE
10Swafft_fromlivestream there should be a stream. Refresh the page?
im pretty sure this is a chat
Hello SpaceBob.
NNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
9we saw how Bronyville cooperated with you for their S1 marathon recently
6SPIIIIKE! ugh, dirt. . . AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
9we were wondering what could we do to have our event have the same amount of exposure?
slight lag there after NOOOO
9we're thinking on elaborating a schedule for said event and publishing it so our viewers know what to expect at what times, and can be present for said programming
9but yeah
yep
hmm, we were planning that for a few months with them really. Brontville and EQD is really close
the clarity blurrs every few seconds by a very little bit
bronyville^
can you guys say something?
/me is watching fullscreen and enjoying it
tried refreshing, still lagging. I am SO BAD AT THIS
I'm at my wits end
I guess just toss the copypaste and I can roll with it, his was huge because he had like 30 awards hah
the banner helped, but the way it was run was really built around making it exciting
It goes a bit fuzzy in fullscreen, but otherwise it's nice.
im not sure how much demand a second marathon would have right now after that
Hero_Spirit: That probably means your DL speed is too low, DCD is streaming at epic high quality though.
everyone is sort of burnt out
shes such a bad actor
lol
9Hero_Spirit, you probably should watch the Low Quality stream when it's set up
9dari
lag pretty much stopped for no reason now.
07Well it's not just a marathon, it's a full show
9I'm not streaming at epic HQ
07followed by the season 2 kick off
9I'm streaming at USUAL DCD SETTINGS
10natelyn it's not really built for full screen at the moment, this is standard quality for the standard window
Are you doing a podcast thing for it then?
I think my lag was just reminding me who the boss is
Rarity be the best pony
10also I can't spell your name ever. Forgive me.
:C
I figured, but they asked about FS before :<
Gotta love how the worst thing they can imagine for Rarity is a dirty room.
DCD quality and epic high quality might as well be syonymous, your stream quality is always so nice. XD
they cant imagine rarity getting raped
its a kids show!
not if prison gets hold of it
HOW DO THEY KNOW WHAT THE DOGS LOOK AND SOUND LIKE.
9(also, Seth, by any chance are you looking at the stream feed? We would like to know your opinion in our standard quality settings...not to mention we'll also host low-quality and mobile streams)
It just depends on what your actual event is
10wat do
what's prison
>Spike has pockets
who's prison?
OMG
[02:29] <Seth> Are you doing a podcast thing for it then?
how does Spike anticipate that the dogs have dogs?
MANLY SPIKE
Spike is pants
Podcast.
Gaaaaaaaaaaah.
I've seen it before, its defenitly good enough!
@manlymeter Spike
9oh, we kind of....
i mean we were watching cam quality stuff back in season 1
so im sure any season 2 is good
9improved it, you see
oh its not doing that anymore
haha
and how do they know what the cave looks like!?
9my name might as well be NewOCD
Probably even better than!
Luna, did you ever download all those wallpapers?
9you can check it here as well http://www.owncast.tv/channel.php?u=Wild Dance of Machine God
These things rarely work on my modified to hell browser though hah, i just report em
6inb4 sexy spike~ ;D
9http://www.owncast.tv/channel.php?u=WildDanceofMachineGod
GOIN IN FOR DA KILL
Whoa there lover boy
Spike is THE playa playa
AW NEVERMIND
But back to the event
i love this art
It really all depends on what you guys have planned
9ah, I see
are you just streaming episodes?
where every1 gets sucked in
Pinkie! <3
9no, no
WEEEEEE!
We need a podcast. :|
Or are you doing a full on invite people/interview/podcast/livestream thing?
OMG look at pinkie lmao
this is why i love pinkie so much
9we're streaming two movies first (Brony Movie Night)
SWAN DIVE
9that leads to the S1 episodes
Shit.
lol SWAN DIVE
10a podcast which is seperate to our usual schedule?
9which in turn leads to the S2 premiere
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo
Wait, we're watching a Pony episode outside of Friday
6NNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
that made my day!
WE MUST TELL NO ONE
inb4intothebestnightofyourlife
anyone Mastur CHeef?
07RBD did you read about the marathon?
9which in turn leads to assorted non-pony show
Seth seems pretty adamant about a podcast if we want to get plugged more than just getting a post.
omg.
omg guise
9which in turn leads to a rerun of last night's movie night
Wait, those gems are barely buried
HORSE PUSSY
9...which in turn leads to more non-pony material...which in turn leads to the rerun of the S2 premiere
alright so it is just a marathon thing up until season 2?
The diamond dogs SUCK at this
^Shush!.
07Well.. i'm not sure about the partnership with the bronyshow.. a podcast might hurt our relationship with them
10yeah, but I'm just flailing about in my head between having a podcast seperate from our marathon stuff, and having everybody chatting and involved and podcasting during the marathon
It doesnt make a bit of difference guys, Rarity's gone remember?
THe BALLS ARE INERT
9...which in turn leads to more non-pony stuff, finalizing with the two animated movies
9*ignore the the
>w>
theyre fucking dogs they should dig it
<3 Rarity
i was hoping there would be more bowie references in this episode.
9it's kind of a pre-marathon and post-marathon thing, I'd say
9the stream might be live for....
yep
6Okay. . .
9....around 32 hours or so
6Seems he wants special things. . .
How come rarity owns so much
lol
I'm not really sure what all I could do for it though
07yep
Bronyville was a special case
not even "how could we get through this labyrinth of tunnels?"
inb4whining
they were interviewing people, and pulling the community in with drawings and stuff
6Maybe this is when we could showcase our guess that tune idea?
6And DA competitions?
a plain marathon is something a lot of people have been doing all summer
so its difficult to sell that as something fresh, especially when you are including non-pony to pony people
10well we need to have one big solid event to be advertised
6Maybe have Wrek do some live srawing?
10or I don't think he'll comit
10commit*
Well yes
What I'm saying is. . .
a lot of them don't have any interest in house, or older movies. I can see the swarms coming in for season 2 though
The special part of the shows is what he is after, otherwise he says it is just normal marathon
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-
6What we do is pitch these things included in it
9well, we have been thinking of making a podcast as well, but we wouldn't have it prepared for the event
She should draw an "X" on the largest support beam in the mine and run like hell.
WHINING. <3
9hmmm...that said, we'd be elaborating a schedule for the event....do you think it could be visible in EqD?
BUT I THOUGHT YOU WANTED WHINING
we might as well cut our losses
Well.
ANYTHING?
let's just have him display our schedule
Clearly we need to get on a podcast.
Suddenly, ribbons
HIYA! ASS SMACKK!
Yah I can post it up
same as always
10idd
Suddenly, she enslaves her slavers
>same as always
The moral of the story is, Whine to get what yah want
Meh.
Right?
I agree
Only works if you're shorter than three feet. :<
It's that you can use your brains to overcome a physically superior opponent.
HIYA! ASS SMACK!
07I want to ask if other people / communities informed him about streaming season 2
10xD
;~;
woopwoopwoop
did you.. just... smack my ass?
9okay, so, could we have a post, with the post image being our prepared schedule?
Hmm.
;O
do it.
that said
/me hugs Rarity "You're not ugly!"
Then he's all like "DAMN STRAIGHT BITCH"
He just smacked my favorite Pony's flank
Yah, as long as it's not too tall
:C
I'll try to get us the most exposure possible
9roger that?
9*!
DD has a weak ass pimp hand
6.-. Did. . . no one see my suggestions. . ?
Ill tell you where they can't smack Rarity
07Seth, i'm just curious did any other communities inform you about themselves streaming Season 2?
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAH
/me Send Diamond Dogs to the Moon
BEE-YETCH
BEEEYEEETCHES
Vio
RIDE
we can't prepare those things in a week
woop
10we did, but I don't think mentioning untested ideas is a redeemable quality, I think we need to stick to what we've got so far
fuck em up
fuck em down
6>Livestream Wrek's art.
no set communities, just random people on livestream/justintv
haha is that a regular show ref?
6Done before.
but if you can handle the traffic i'll send people here instead
are there gems on the moon?
as a drawfag
These Dogs go down like bitches
Nope.
I can tell you
Hiya Suffuri!
people barely, if ever, stick for drawing streams
There sure is a bunch of stuff on the moon
07should we tell him about our second stress test?
we might as well stream a marathon of House
Seriously. Diamond Dogs < Cannon fodder
yes, but I'm going to try to ask him something
07ok
allo.
07i'll wait
give me a moment
The IRC is set up for at least a few thousand people, and we have no viewer limit on our stream, so it should be all good.
9additionally we're setting a room system so that the chat can still be enjoyable and not insane
Hmm
9also Seth I have a question
6People stick around for Fluttershy's streamception. . .
I'm not sure about the second stress test.
... people really seem opposed to free shit this week.
It seems to be askign a bit much.
07they do yes
9you always have this red text under the selection buttons
What with getting a post on Friday as well.
Good thing they're not Lannisters.
asking*
9that links to noteworthy posts
damn lannisters
9will you be linking to streams using that method?
Goddamn Joffrey.
oh come on lethim finish that one
i want ned stark back!
I could!
9as in, to posts advertising S2 streams, I mean
>i agree
PLAY ANOTHER :D
sean bean is my favorite guy there
Though I used to just have a post with a list of streams in the morning when it aired
play the one with luna
They already had the ropes on the Ponies' snouts! If they had pulled a little harder they could have broken them!
(episode 2)
GIVE US SANSA BACK SO SHE CAN FADE INTO THE BACKGROUND
DIAMOND DOGS ARE HORRIBLE AT EVERYTHING
play episode 2 please
What makes you say that Suffruni? No one wants your steam giveaways?
9well if you could link to our stream post with that, it'd be pretty rad O:
07lol LordCelestia
there
6Good job DCD. . .
my favs
sean bean
Now which one?
that's the most we can possibly get out of him...and frankly I believe that's pretty good.
and tyrion
i love Luna (no lesbianism intended)
:D
/me hugs Luna
Yeah.
07yea.. but we do need to look at our show... we lack communication with our community
/me gobbles
I'd rather not ask him for another post for a stress test.
hmmm
That'd be asking for a bit too much imo.
yah i can do that
10Do you think there's any chance we could get him at some point to just mention before saturday that we'll be streaming s2 live?
I'm still angry with the diamond dogs for being horrible fighters.
how about we ask ponychan to attend our stress test?
/me hugs Natleyn
:I
but im sure there will be a few marathons leading up to season 2
so i might have to compile them
07Poke Hip
07i'm sure he can pull some strings
/me im sure they weigh 3x more than the ponies
10as a non- Brony Movie Night post, just to say 'Go to these guys for poni on saturday!'
the actual stream of season 2 episode one though I will link
oops
so how could the ponies support them?
10a nice succinct post or something
9well that'd be pretty rad
Yah, and their arms look like small tree trunks
they're freakishly strong
but I know most of the synchtube channels will be doing stuff on that day too
they are the elements of harmony
they don't give a fuck
But the diamond dogs hardly even tried. They just suck SO BAD.
I choose option 3
theyre manging mutts
9well, the problem with synchtube, in my opinion as a seasoned streamer, is that it's just a stream, and not a LIVE stream
Elements of Harmony don't give a fuck
ME GUSTA
Diamond Dogs are the worst kind of cannon fodder.
07live-stream > synchtube
I am disgraced that they even exist in my kingdom
since when did equestria get internet?
yah
9as long as it gets across that we're streaming S2E01, everything is bright~
07internet?
thats why i'd point people here for the actual episode
Anyway
it will
9also Seth
9do you have The Hub?
are we channeling streams through horns?
9ah! Yes! That reminds me
but marathonwise im pretty sure a bunch of people wil be doing that, so it will be harder to get exclusivity on that.
Woona, did you ever download those wallpapers?
Yah I do
Cannon fodder is an informal, derogatory term for military personnel who are regarded or treated as expendable in the face of enemy fire. The term is generally used in situations where soldiers are forced to deliberately fight against hopeless odds (with the foreknowledge that they will suffer extremely high casualties) in an effort to achieve a strategic goa
all I see is darkness
*goal
9our stream will also have another feed, which will be compatible with Mobile Phone's uStream App
07I'ts beautiful
07it's*
9ergo Android Phone/Tables, iPhones/iPads and Windows Phones can watch the episode live as well
<3
can we stream 1 more ep?
Luna and i don't need computers. We use our magic to make magic... screen... things.... whatever we just can, okay?
07indeed
Hey Luna
ok, princess
but
9the information to our mobile stream can be somewhere noticeable in our stream, right?
Yeah Sumica, basically that in a nutshell.
what about the rest of us other ponies?
07We need no ring, no weapons, no nothing... just MAGIC
all the way sis
*sishoof*
Also the Diamond Dogs had spears. They never used them. WHAT THE HELL DIAMOND DOGS
07We will discuss our current show with the rest of the team. There may come some changes in the near future.. We will keep you posted.
i hope you two burn in a fire
Youre pushin your luck before ur sent to the moon, MrChang
monarchs always thinking they're better than us
I prefer killing my enemies with nuclear hellfire that sears their flesh and turns their bones into piles of ashes
9*in our stream
/me hugs LordCelestia
9I meant in our post derp
time for a pony revolution!!!
/me hugs Luna :D
all they do is hide behind trees and poach
well
If you include it it will!
Nukes are for pansies. :I
Ill get the nuke cannon...
our S1 Marathon will probably not get much exposure
brb guys
while the princess is gone
but the post-show of the S2 premiere WILL
attack canterlot full force!
10I think we've got as much out of him as we could have, given our current situation
07As long as the S2 kick-off will i'm all good
grab the apple pies!
yeah
10great job DCD btw
10<3
and that's why I AM BOSS
07I love the watermark
6Good job DCD, sorry we could not help.
10DCD is credit to team
07it's so pretty
/me glomps Luna
6v.v
Go for it Chang
10as do I luna D:
CHARGEEEEEE
/me glomps DecapKing
10also, did you officially change your name from sathi now?
THIS SHOULD BE MY ADMIN PICTURE YO http://i-am-boss.org/images/boss.jpg
10I've just assumed so...
/me glomps to himself.
That kinda sucks, guess i am the only one taht watches the steam group.
07yep
07it only needs to be changed on our about page
07then my transformation is complete!
07lol
10also, Hipster is still on the about page, not sure if that's intentional, orr
07yes it is
/me sharpens a spear
10just, fyi. :P
10coolio
Damn daimond dogs....
/me prepares apple pie artillery
9well Seth, thanks for your time and sorry for taking so long
Who am i kidding? I could never harm Luna...
i dont like luna
pinkie is infinitely better
07i'm in the steamgroup
07what about it?
Yep np
9in any case, when it comes to streaming, we're S-Rank Specialists, so if you need to refer someone if they need streamers or a stream teacher, well, make sure to refer to us.
theres a steamgroup?
Alrighty!
07Yes there is
I'm sure you will be flooded though
people will defenitly go for a direct hub stream over a cam hah
lack of people in it, would like more than 4 people for a contest, so i figure i'd also enter people who commented on the main page (Bronystate) for last weeks.
07Most likely yes!
9believe me mon garçon...we're ready for the heat. We've been preparing since the end of S1
07i'm signing up now!
its called bronystate right?
9this is the test by fire
im back
9and believe me
9we're a hot-blooded bunch
whats this I see about a steam group?
though normally I just play my paradox set, haven't been on tf2 since f2p came out.
lol good
Well back to work! see you later then!
yeah.
9see ya later, g'luck with those-ah, wait a sec
9I just remembered (time to be a whore)
Bronystate Movie Night is the main group I believe
lemme toss up a URL
found it and joined
9you added my fic update to queue (Kamen Rider Wyburn, for Act 04), but it never went up ;___;
LOL
http://steamcommunity.com/groups/bronymovienight
9FFFFFFFFFFFFFFF-
07lol
then if you follow instructions in my comment you could win free shit.
9ah well~ he'll just up it when Act 05 is done
6D:
07why does the steambrowser not support copy paste >:
9...plus, quite frankly, I should try doing a drawing for it
I don't have a steam account :0
07omg
07go get it
its free
You must get one
even thought i dont have one...
who buys games anymore? (from retail)
I do! :D
i do??
Depends on what I'm looking for >.>
well
we did what we could
why spend money online and wait when you can go down the street to gamestop or something
http://verydemotivational.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/demotivational-posters-had.jpg
i'll admit I miss having the boxes/manuals
07Alsirhgt Suf
07Alright*
we should be more aggressive in Ponychan
07i'm in
http://verydemotivational.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/demotivational-posters-had.jpg
You don't get cool cred for downloading NES roms. >_>
07Poke Hipster he's our key person in Ponychan
I can never find the latest intiailly poorly made paradox game at gamestop/best buy though
http://verydemotivational.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/demotivational-posters-dear-diary.jpg
/me has 25% chance to win
I wonder how long it'll take before someone makes a mlp mount and blade mod
07woooo
they already have the horses
I buy big name stuff from Gamestop
download small stuff.
07it's a shame you never heard of Sam...
07:(
lol
Sam?
:0
07yes
sam and max?
07no no
You might have better odds since Sumica/Dragon Rage cant win this week
07mr SERIOUS Sam
oh that sam
07omg!
/me dances around everyone
I tend to get my fps fix from doom personally
doom 1....still good
doom 1....still kicks my ass
Hope you win luna =p
07hihi me too
im signed up
6New post on the forums by me if anypony cares to look at it. . .
lol I just finished Deus Ex (the first one) last night
was quite fun
07looking!
deleted just under a gig of save files
Haah.
was thinking of trying my hand at morrowwind, i've never played it
morrowind
was my childhood
its like you take all that is good in the world and make it a game
got the box set under my bed right now...
nox was my childhood, best multiplayer ever
back when westwood was a company
Its been nice talking to you, my faithful students.
But I gotta go soon.
07Nighty LordCelestia
07Sweet dreams
wouldnt it be
0Good night!
/me hugs Luna goodnight ^^
Lady Celestia
Nighty Night LordCelestia
Guten Nagen.
/me hugs LordCelestia
0Well if he's a guy, Lord gives it away more easily
^true that, lol
perhaps its celestias husband
who we've never seen
/me gets into cannon and launches self back to earth
...
theres a moon cannon?
theres cannons everywhere
i mean...
Only for his use, of course. >.>
TO THE EEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
aaaaaaaah
*beeyeetch
BEE-YETCH
lol night all
/me out of fukken nowhere
Night!
*leaves*
Hiya Applejack!
hai, what u guys doin here?
/me hugs Applejack
07Howdy partner!
lolidunno
/me is hugged by surprise
O.o
6Hallo Applejack~
Howdy there
>=3
ummm...why there's 3 GGgalas?
o.o
07Well we are counting down the days, talking to other bronies, how about yourself?
well, ya see sugarcube, i'm getting pics for whatevah reason =3
i need moar O.o
07pics?
07How many pics are you at?
hmmm almost 1.100 pony images :3
need moar
07This is your first visit Applejack?
here?
nah, i was here in dat Lord o da rings trilogy ^3^
07yes?
ima be back later, i'll figure out who won tomorrow.
07But you missed RHPS?
/me is shocked!
07You missed our movienights?!
/me is sad because she/he really did
:,C
I did
just this week's one
07Oh my! Well AJ I have a big suprise for you!
bad internet connection >:c
/me loves surprises
^3^
wut is it, sugarcube?
07We are preparing a mareathon this weekend followed by the season 2 PREMIERE!
07All LIVE!
0So who else finds it funny that Ranch salad dressing is as good as a cooling thermal paste as Arctic Silver 5?
ooooh i saw that(forgot which day was it)
yay
:3
/me is shocked again!
07Applejack!@
0That's awesome Luna, all 26 episodes?
07How could you forget that!
07Yes
i didn't =P
eeyup
0Looks like someone is cancelling all his raiding for that week
oh and the B movie is the original my little pony movie
0Oh hey, the 17th is a saturday
SHOO BE DO
07Yes!
0I'm gonna celebrate my birthday that day
Doo, evne
me head is full of apples
Doo, even, even
0AND Decorate myself a Fluttershy cake
mah*
SHOO SHOO BE DOO
/me glomps Luna
i think i'll buy cereal just so I can eat some that saturday morning
ooooh i've just remembered
to relieve when I woke up to watch dbz/power rangers
relive*
me and mah friends r goin to post pony images tomorrow at school to celebrate season 2 =3
wa
/me is very excited
/me is excited too!
/me hugs Luna because ponies
07AJ: PM
is the stream dead for anyone else?
/me pulls out an AK47
07it's black with a lovely watermark
I do like the watermark
best.
stream.
EVERRRRRRRR.
Shoo be dooo, shoo shoooo be dooo
call upon the seaponies~
unda da sea!
s o s
/me brohoofs Espy
unda da seaaa
07Did you ever see me in a bunny outfit?
0http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-gWXaCt6RIxY/Tm06j6YBPqI/AAAAAAAAL-g/WKdFUnTA5hE/s1600/derped_balloon_by_auranite-d49edaj.png
0SO MUCH THIS
Yes.
You were none too pleased.
didn't my little pony use to have hardcore villians too
?
like various eldritch monsters and demons?
KanyeNorthEast: The MLP movie we're going to watch this coming friday has a Shoggoth.
Heyo
like BDSM hardcore?
07WAT?
the smooze? I'll never unsee now
Wait bunny outfit?
Hey Octavia
Actually look at how a shoggoth is defined, and then look back at what the smooze is.
0Octavia!
'Tavi!
giant ball of sludge and endless eyeballs? yeah
play us a song
nao
/me hugs Octavia
Mmmmmm.... NOTHING can stop the SMOOOoooooze.....
13>come into channel, sees "BDSM hardcore" first thing
/me gloms Octavia
13Wat do
6Do it.
13Lmao
:3
we were talking about what you did last night
13Hey guys :P
Easy Octavia swap to molestia.
13Ahhhh
KanyeNorthEast: And mouths.
13That was one CRAZY night
thats another thing, if they were going to have a episode called "call of the cutie" you'd think there'd be ONE lovecraft reference
/me hugs VioletVanilla too
that would be me : D
Indeed
0Alright, I'm heading off to bed everypony
just like there was no bowie references in the diamond dogs episode
0Good night! See you all tomorrow morning.
Sleep well and dream of Ponies, Alliszero!
KanyeNorthEast, a Lovecraft reference in Ponies would have made my night. No, my week.
Lol, how do i change my name?
0I shall hope!
Night Allis! May your dreams be filled with Pony
07Night AllisZero
Theres still hope, especially if they're bringing out discord as a real villian type
Refresh page or close chat window with the x next to #bronystate
07sweet pony dreams!
i like pony
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mn-Unl4l3hk <-- David Bowie?
ahh there we go
also guys
07thanks EspyLacopa
07love you!
So when does the show go live? :D
yay~
I know saturday, but what exact time?
~~~~yay~~~~
I got the PROBLEM PUBLISHING IN PRIMARY SERVER error earlier, but the stream actually worked on my second try
/me hopes that movie will be picked SOON!
still that made me shit bricks
YES.
PLEASE.
That would be nice.
/me is Very tired and she/he 's goin to sleep, see yall later (p.s.:i use both she AND he cuz Applejack is da name for both male and female version of our farm filly)
the new ep is on at 8am i think eastern time
07I can imagine...
We need that movie up in here
xKoreaNx: Isn't today Sunday?
Alrighty-o.
Oh, talking about the new episode
Lawl.
Nighty night Applejack!
13Is the stream going... it keeps showing its loading for me?
9am KanyeNorthEast
ah, my bad
9 AM EDT, Saturday
07Look at the watermark!
8 is when I'm going to wake up
07it's beautiful
13I see it. lol :P
so 9am edt
ahh, sweet :D
and it'll be streamed here when its on?
i live in nyc so thats good
hopefully won't wake up my roommate with my unending happiness
07Well not only that!
that reminds me hub guide should be updated for next week by now.
13I saw what Seth said about a podcast... WHOS BIG IDEA WAS THAT AGAIN? OH YEAH!
07We plan on streaming SEASON 1 first
13:D
So.. .1 PM GMT Saturday, Sept 17.
who's going to stream?
/me 13struts around
/me laughs
we're gonna need a streamer from east coast =\
EDT? EST, pff
07Feel free to apply to the team :)
Eheheh, I'll let you have it. :P
i cant stream =\
i've only 2 gb RAM
13Seth thinks its a good idea too probably. A good podcast really brings people in sometimes. :P
Feh the Hub guide says the same as my cable guide luna.
and i don't have cable anymore
has anyone ever tried to figure out about how many bronies there are?
07I lost count KanyeNorthEast
we've a lot of bronies and fillies
Enough to populate Equestria.
13Also, I dunno if I should feel bad or not, buuutttt...
i'm sure there will be a lot more with season 2 starting
I tryed counting one but then Dash got mad cause I messed up her count.
/me glomps Octavia
07hahah
07dat Dash
13I... don't like Synros as a mod still. >.>;
/me 13runs for cover!
That's fine.
what dash?
/me tackles Octavia
07Where did you think you were going?
13Oof!
how do you post a thumbnail for URLs
/me 13is tackled
You're entitled to your opinion.
13lol Uhhh... XD
13I know Dari.
Is the stream up? mine is stuck in a continuous load
Just post the picture or video link, and auto thumbnail >.>
I just see darkness
13Me either.
07Well.. they way he got in.. was a little strange
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-HePTmrV-og that's going to be me when season 2 ep 1 begins
07Espy?
13I hardly even see him around it seems...
07I added the vid to our playlist
07any other good vids?
thats going to be my expression when s2 begins
13AH!
/me 13is glomped by Decap
13I... dont actually remember what I voted for CB now. lol
you're going to be 4 Filipino men?
sure!
: D
you gotta watch the shouting
the real part of that vid
they sure take their beauty pageants seriously over there
skip to 2:27 lol
do you just post the link?
And I can't tell if anything is on right now...
nothing is on
07nothing is on atm :)
this will be me next saturday http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3ALwKeSEYs
Ah, which is why I can't tell.
13Ah, was wondering why my stream was perpetually loading.. lol
Can anypony help me find a picture of Twilight casting magic that isn't the huge burst from the Trixie Episode? >.>
I got great news everypony
07oh?
Kanye: Same
great news?
GRETA
13Great news everyone! /professors voice
GREAT
I got a paying job at a haunted house
what is it?
07Ohhh!
13Sounds fun.
can it, eddie murphy
07post pics of Pinkie if you see her!
Try earlyer in the same ep Natleyn
07She likes to roam around there I heard!
Perhaps we should just... Oh, that is... great. I guess. IN a paying way. \
actually street fighter: the movie would be an awesome B movie for this stream
which means ill be seeing matt hill at an anime con
/me 13now has the idea of going as Pinkamena for Halloween
I don't want to actually load up the episodes, but... whatever. </lazy>
and im gonna be bringing him a big apple pie
'Tavi: DO EET
13;)
it does have one of the greatest B-movie lines ever, Kanye.
world domination?
Of course!
no...
Hey guys I'm back for a little bit
or do you mean "for me it was tuesday"?
http://images.cosplay.com/photos/12/1291975.jpg'
that is gdlk
"For me... it was Yueday."
look at that beauty, luna
MrChang whats up
Tueday-- argh.
DO IT OCTAVIA!
Welcome back, LordCelestia
Do it Octavia, personaly I am gonna try a crying angel.
Why black, though?
whys he black
and why does he still look like a filly
a crying angel? as long as you're not weeping...
Face it- most colts look like fillies anyhow.
:D
and he looks very, very young
Crying weeping meh.
otherwise i'll just stand back here not blinking
You know what i meen.
Black because, idk it seems more manly
and hes not a filly
?
hes too tall
he looks like a female..
there's no colt in him
the male ponies have very specifically shaped heads
His body is female >.>
The shape of his head is Colt like.
and her husband would look more of celestia's age
he looks like her teenage son
That's usually where the difference is.
Sumica: <3
The bodies are generally the same i thought?
Also HHHHHHHHHNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGG
yeahhhhhhhhh no
Teenage Celestia's son. Fic in there somewhere...
Colts and Stallions have thicker bodies.
metal gear pony
take big mac for instance
now THATS a colt
It's really minor, but it makes all the difference.
Be right back then...
OK. So he's a BISHONEN colt.
ill go fix it, itll take 2 secs
big mac is fucking jacked
07don't share with anyone!
Luna: D'awwww
07You won't see me in it again EVER!
Be a major popularity with the mares in Neighpon. Swooning.
that was luna 20 minutes before she became nmm
Luna you look like you are ready to kill some one.
13Dat Luna in a rabbit costume <3
that was luna before she was SENT TO THE MOOOOOONNNNNNAAAAHHHH
07It was Trollestia was it?!
eternal night? you'll put your eye out
13^
Be polite to the Mistress of the Moon. Or I might start biting.
man nobody likes the moon
'Tavi bites :3
And i shall start doing what I do best
remember to drink your ovaltine, man I love that movie
CHANG SHUSH BEFORE I GET OUT MAH PIMP SLAPPIN RING
/me is trying to find out who did it!
It has a +9 strength enchantement :3
13Haha, indeed KanyeNorthEast, I do too :D
you cant wear it
everypony has hooves
no fingers
so HAH
Dammit trollestia i told you to stay away
the one movie I desperately want to see streamed is kung fu hustle
I actually think that it was Silvermane that did it Luna, he wants you to become Nightmare Moon for some reason
Being a wolf, I have a small advantage there...
hardly anyone i've talked to has ever seen it
>_>
Fine.
I'll go get my Cuirass of Strength +17.
07Mmmm...
yeah?
/me takes notes
deflect check
i rolled a 20!
eat it.
I rolled a 20 too!
Roll again.
i cast magic missile at the darkness!
i rolled a 60!
IT'S A GAZEBO!
You're breaking the game and disqualified. :<
100sided die
I AM THE DUNGEON MASTER!!!!
... I actually rolled a 20
>what
you don't have a 100 sided die?
why..?
It's not used in most games.
DM
derp
/me only rolls his eyes. Even raised by ponies, sometimes he doesn't get them...
I prefer to use the cluexfour.
hey guys, i just made up this sweet original character. she's actually the other surviving time lord and also an uchiha and she's beautiful and perfect and everyone should love her. Don't worry, i've put in some realistic flaws.
Kanye: Best be trollin'
But I know you are. ^_^
Dont worry Kencolt, as a Stalliongrad pony I dont get these Ponyville ponies at all
At least you have some common instincts... grrrr.
/me begins to unsheath Masterwork Iron Sword +5
she's also got a sonic cellphone, way better than some stupid screwdriver
No, not that many
Only 1 or 2
uchiha..
are you referencing naruto?
Apparently, you burn more calories watching an hour-long soap opera than you do watching a three hour baseball game.
I am back and KANYENORTHEAST DID YOU SAY KUNG FU HUSTLE.
and you're combining it with doctor who?
yes, common mary sue tropes
yeah, kung fu hustle is awesome
BROHOOF KANYE. RIGHT NOW.
KUNG FU HUSTLE IS AMAZING
/me is confused. "What did I do? The bunny outfit?"
-brohoof-
eeeyup Silvermane
kung fu hustle is made by my people.
/me brohoofs Kanye and Nat
you're welcome, everypony
i wish I could find more people around me who've even heard of it
Guys, I fixed my picture
Have you seen Kung Pow?
Luna, I swear, i don't really like bunnies all that much. (however, I DID give you that pair of socks...)
/me brohoofs Hero_Spirit
it more acturately captures my manlyness
No. He's referencing Strawberry Shortcake.
of course i've seen kung pow, its also amazing
:D
No Silvermane, you wanted her to transform into NMM
Lord: Now you've got it
oooohhh
change his color scheme and hair
It's like Blueblood
Maybe a little TOO manly
:p
If he wasn't a douche and was built out
you can never be too manly
I think Kung Fu Hustle is serious A movie material, if only i'd win the lottery
DecapKing, I love Luna, but NMM is just so...
and extend his face.
Luna! <3
07SILVERMANE!
Luna!
/me is angry
B movie would be office space
Face it-- a male version of the Sun Princess is gonna be on the Bishie side.
It's kinda hard to say if it's B or A.
no
And my work is done here.....
you can make him manly
07Did you.... put me in a bunny - outfit ?!?!?!
give him a beard
apart from the dubbing its pretty high quality stuff
actually I'd say B.
its just relatively obscure
and hair like big mac but make it brown
Hey, Luna! I've taken a picture to capture my manliness
It's B, as a cult classic.
Um... Luna...? >3>;
fair enough
/me hugs Fluttershy
extend his face too, it's disproportionate to his body
theres so many great movies that are B material
Has anyone here seen "Murder by Death"?
Fluttershy, RUN
Extend... his face?
/me is hugged, squeaks. "B-But I can't move... I'm being hugged!"
i dont think i had that option
If it's any consolation, my lady-- I do think you look better in it than your sister would. You have some remaining degree of, well... cuteness-- where your elder co-Alpha would just look... well... silly.
GROUP HUG AROUND FLUTTERSHY EVERYPONY
Okay, time to sleep soon
you gotta extend it
/me hugs Fluttershy too
/me releases Fluttershy
/me hugs fluttershy again
give him a beard
/me gently hugs Fluttershy
....NO ONE ELSE has seen "Murder by Death"? :[
and give him big mac's hair
how are you guys doing that anyway? is it /me or something?
make the horn longer
GROOUP HUG AROUND FLUTTERSHY
change the color scheme
yeah KanyeNorthEast
/me group hugs
/me is amazing
/me is bombarded by hugs. "Ahhhhh!!! Silvermane I---blaraghgh...."
LUNA
oh hey, it works
Calm down on hugging Fluttershy, she is fragile
/me rescues Fluttershy
He wouldnt be celestia without the long hair
and i dont have the option of longer face and horn
Luna, I swear i did not put you in that bunny outfit
so is it suppose to be rule 63 celestia?
/me hugs Fluttershy with thorn armor
/me leaves
or mr.celestia, the husband
Yes.. the msne must needs be long...
/me sighs relieved
I don't mind having him in the mod team. He's qualified, but...well, yeah, what always scared me was the fact that he would lose his passion after hipster left
/me is hugged by MrChang [and because it's after she was rescued it counts], proceeds to scream and bleed-
we should ask him if he still wants to mod for us
e-e; OUUUUUUCHHHHH stop pricking meee! ><
OH NOES.
You guys need to see Murder by Death. It's another Genre Parody.
/me stabs MrChang in the head
/me Heals fluttershy with magic
07We already did
+50
I haven't really seen that but i've seen Clue
/me rolls 20 on dodge check
the movie based on the boardgame
HA HA
Luna Luna Luna Luna~
Take a message please
If I remember right Clue was a great movie
it was, its been so long since i've seen it
/me sighs... and howls at Luna, just because. It's the right thing to do.
Poor Fluttershy geting loved to death.
its always nice to see someone who appreciates movies
/me says "Alright, who should I send to the moon as my LAST victim of the night?"
/me goes back to eating popcorn.
OOH MEE MEEEEE
/me jumps around excitedly
07Fluttershy?
what he say
Fight Club would make a good A movie too
/me is loved to death x-x
though i'm sure everypony has seen it already...
Murder by Death was a clue like movie. Bunch of strangers invited to a house, someone's murdered, they all try to figure out who it is.
Natleyn, do you like bananas?
13Has he even been around lately?
/me casts a protective spell to protect Fluttershy
I like bananas o-o
If we were gonna watch a clue like movie how about we just watch Clue.
So lemme clarify. You are a beeyeetch that likes mmm bananas
MrChang, its generally a reflex roll. Just fyi.
Uhh, yeah, but I don't see what that has to do....
... with... anything
?
/me prepares canon
Good 'cause you about to go bananas
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAAAAH
OH NO
/me bounces popcorn off the protective shell.
OH GOD
/me launched Natleyn to moon
BEEEEYEEEETTCCHHH!
/me is 100% moon.
*Maniacal laughter
/me blinks, then smiles at Luna. "Thanks!" Fluttershy then proceeds to hug Luna.
/me stares at the screen. This spinning circular thing is getting interesting.
Aw, more group hugs!
Guys, why does Italy get such a great MLP FIM theme? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Trf002vigUA
/me rushes over and squeezes both Luna and Fluttershy
come on everypony
hugs :D
that is ridiculous, why is italy so awesome?
/me sniffs LordCelestia
Im an italian stallion :D
that's how I say hellow.
/me "Ummmmmm"
hi
HEEEELLLLLOOOOOWWWWWWW.
you're a bum and you fight like an ape
seeing apes are 10 times stronger than humans
/me sighs, and joins the hug-- it's not wolflike, but was raised by ponies, so...
I can't stop listening to the Italian theme.
that is fairly good
13Oh, a question also popped into my mind.
"I like bananas." >>
Oh you do?
>.> i was following up your reference
Would you like to find out where else you can find bananas?
/me hugs Fluttershy whispering: "your welcome dear"
/me munches on a banana
you referenced rocky so...i went with a quote
ill tell you other places to find bananas
13When we get the separate rooms setup. During the announcements we do. Are we going to try and make it so they come through to all the rooms from only one room? Or are we going to have to do it separately at the same time for each room? Since I dont know the exact specifics of how its being done.
>> um....
would you like to know?
Wait, Celestia, are you actually Italian? Not just a name?
yeah^
/me glomps Octavia instead.
Can you translate that theme sometime? :3
That italian opening sounded almost... Japanese.
oh i dont speak it fluently. sorry
Poopy. :0
i know where you can actually find some italians
It's not on the moon, certainly.
... dat italian opening
hot damn
You're right. BUT UR GOIN THERE ANYWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
Italy?
/me launches HEro_spirit to moon
/me sidesteps
BEEYEETCH
FUUUUUUUUU
just a bit too late.
Oh well
lol nice try tho
/me pisses his name on the moon
MOTHA FUCKAS
>:]
Hey D:
That's that many less places I can sit! ;(
Better keep this up before Celestia notices
/me writes "Celestia smells bad" on the moon
> : D
HEY I SEE THAT
07that's a good question for Dari
WHATCHA GONNA DO ABOUT IT
I can do a script for it.
07Personally I would prefer all messages at once
/me flies to moon and spanks Hero_Spirit NON-sexually but very PAINFULLY
07As a followup on that how would we handle the lottery?
muahahahaha
Haah
07>mfw Dari is awake at 3:59 AM in the morning
I can take what you can dish.
>:[
School in 3 hours \o/
07huzzah
Don't make me go get the can of pennies
Lottery works exactly the same way.
...Wat
But it draws names from all channels.
Now I'm curiious
damnit u didnt get the reference
Nop
Discounting duplicates.
e.
>No title
It's a video post people
07can you add filters to that drawing names script?
07as we mentioned on the forums?
GUYS LETS PUT BARS OF SOAP IN SOCKS AND BEAT HERO
on Family Guy the can of pennies lois used it to scare brian away because dogs dont like the noise and i thought youd get it
Haha, kidding.
Wait, low gravity.
Filters to do what?
/me jumps in the general direction of Earth
Now it's a waiting game.
/me floats towards Earth slowly.
:I
Reentry is fun Hero_Spirit just make sure you aim for water.
13Alright. A script for it would be awesome.
/me swoops over and strikes Hero_Spirit sending him toward the SUN
Hahaha I know. Of COURSE I aimed for water. :P
/me didn't aim for water
07Filter out anons / afk-ers
13And Luna means filters to filter out people who are away or idle I believe.
GODDAMIT CELESTIA
13Ninja'd! lol
bwahahaha overcome THAT challenge
07thanks Octa dear
unless a convenient earth sattelite bumps into you
13Have we decided to filter out the anons?
youre DOOMESD
*DOOMED
07Also update on Fluttershy
Why filter them out?
13Bleh, it died for me Luna. :(
They might want the chance to choose a film.
13We were talking about it on the forums. :P
Well, I'll probably die from hunger before I get there.
hahahaha
So HA. Take that.
07Sooooo much going on everywhere :P
...
thats good for me though
lol
Beeyetch.
13I was all for filter out people who are long away or idle. But anons... eh...
spits need food?
13*filtering
Oh yeah? imma firin mah rainbow lazor!
BLAH!
/me writes a note and puts it in a bottle
*lazer slowly burns hero_spirit to death and he respawns on the moon again*
HELLO MOON!
Moon: Hello
/me chucks bottle at earth
wait, luna should be doing this part
My will.
Moon: Whatsa matter, little guy?
No, actually it's a note that says "LordCelestia" is a little bitch.
:|
;]
*note crashes through castle window
07There was something else but I have my hands full atm
/me reads it
It's a not for you
YOU LITTE BITCH
note*
oh
scratch that
Isn't it nice
then what the hell do i do with it
Spread it around, the truth must get out.
:|
*trollface*
lmao
/me DONT YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE DEALING WITH
/me PRESSES BIG RED BUTTON
*moon blows up*
AEIOU?
/me has died
*HEro respawns in ponyville*
who the hell do you think i am?
I'm back. Just as planned.
*trollface*
muahahaha 2 lives down
just as keikaku
im on a roll
O.o A Fluttershy ringtone?
I have a fuck load of green mushrooms Celestia.
I know how to deal with trolls
RAINBOW LAZERS
*BLAH*
ESPY LISTEN TO IT
YOU CAN GO ALL HNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGG
Hmm
you WOULD know how to deal with trolls...
/me has died
takes one to know one
How often do you think the traffic lights should check to make sure they are up to date?
well ive been a ruler of a kingdom for over 1000 years
Every 5 seconds or so?
/me has respawned in non hostile territory
I KNOW THINGS
0730 I say
like how to troll
and lived happily ever after ^
/me cannot respawn in Ponyville
30's a bit long?
07alright 15
07you win :P
/me has respawned in Canterlot Castle
no how to kill things with RAINBOWS and friendship
Well we can test it at different inervals anyway.
I'VE GOT ALL THESE FUCKING CRAYONS AND NO PAPER
BETTER DRAW ON THE WALLS
07I would love to see it in action...
and the two set aside their differences and lived happily ever after the end
Fluttershy is best ringtone ever.
i'm happy for you celestia, and i'mma let you finish. But Sailor Moon was the best at killing things with rainbows and freindship of ALL TIME.
I wonder if Wrek wouldn't mine doing the frontend, since I have no doubt it'd look awesome if he did.
all time
Espy: Yes. Yes she is.
foiled again
/me draws poorly made Celestia doodles on the walls
07I think Wrek has his hands tied atm..
Also, how big are these gunna be?
Meh.
07Roombanners
Bad Hero. Bad Hero. We do that on paper!
/me writes "BLUH BLUH HUGE BITCH" next to doodles
07SOOO much to-do so little time
/me draws Woona
you should of written dickbutt
I really should get to bed.
aww
Going to bed. Bye everyone
Nighty Night, Rainbow_Dash!
Night dashie!
im not a bitch, why do u think im LORD celestia?
/me cries.
/me cries too
id be a bastard silly
oreally?
I couldn't tell
*trollface*
Your a tool LordCelestia
:P
GAH FOILED YET AGAIN
/me fires Rainbow_Dash out of the chat and into bed
BEEYEETCH
*maniacal laughter*
Oh man, i gotta go now everypony
/me continues to draw doodles on walls
http://www.chucklecloud.com/content/cache/8e3650e1-aad7-458f-9350-b3f608f40949.jpeg
Hero Spirit you win and can forever use my castle as a canvas of imagination
Night LordCelestia! *doodle doodle*
:D
goodnight all
Okay cool.
/me hugs EVERYONE in a giant embrace
*washes doodles off walls*
hey LordCelestia
Nighty night, LordCelestia!
yeah
Do you like pillows?
/me hugs LordCelestia into bed
fluttershy?
yes
yes i do
inb4ONTHEMOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABEEYETCH
Great... because you're going to bed... ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!
Whoo!
07hello Synros
Beeeyeeeetch <3
I'll get right to it!
/me places self in cannon
Whooo!
hit the button fluttershy
Moon bed is best bed
-salutes, then presses big red button-
GOOOODDNIIIIIIIIGgggggghhhtttt...... (gone)
in 46 minutes is my favorite part of the day
because that means we're one more day closer to season 2
Midnight?
Like a true brony.
*hits the ground* dammit i didn't go high enough!
Kanye is one hour away from me. Mental note.
I won't even be able to pay attention in class on friday
I don't even have class on friday
I accidentally friday
Which is a good thing, for once
/me gets back in cannon to try again
SOMEBODY HIT THE BUTTON
Missed, LordCelestia?
/me hits button
yep.
/me salutes and hits the button
/me brohoofs Hero_Spirit
the only button I like to hit is the muffin button
/me flies off to moon for the night
/me brohoofs Nat
(ill be back tomorow after school, cya)
God damnit
Bronies make too much stuff
Oh hi
I know, its ridiculous
there is absolutely no way to see it all
:[
I don't think i've seen a more creative fanbase
that wasn't full of stupid shit (like avatar)
Halo
Hallo*
How's it going?
I'm working on seeing as much as I like, but sweet celestia x.x
It's going
Kinda
I mean geez.
I see
hey Luna
Haven't been here long have you? We're in the process of moving stuff around.
We'd need two lifetimes to get through it all.
07busy catching up? :)
from novel length fanfics to all the pmvs.
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/pokmon-all-pokemon-games-are-the-same-plays-call-of-duty-hours-a-day.jpg
I could do it in a year, if they stopped now. >.>
pretty much lol
and just think, this next season will give even more material
07How far did you get on the forums?
Decap: Not pokemon, but I know people like that -.-
I see, someone linked me from eqd
more background ponies, more songs
Even more pony stuff to get x.x
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/pokmon-you-may-have-to-use-burn-heal-otherwise.jpg
I got most of the interviews done.
HAAH.
I got to say, Tacowiz...lol
Ah
Should be more users soon. We're changing names.
And I'm adding content. Whoo....
GUISE, DECISION TIME, and I need yer help
I look at the trope "all fanfic writers are girls" and I wonder if thats true for mlp
^Well, I've writing one, so... -shrugs-
07well please vote on the applications if possible
which one?
07also state your opinion on them
that nightcourt one?
No, no.
ok
Nothing published yet.
ah, whats it about?
It's terrible and small, but I won't give up until it's awesome and stupidly long.
Then write away! write till you're competing with past sins
Twilight inventing technology and taking over everything, and a savior rising up and taking her out, ect.
Is that part of the move to bronychan.net?
ERGH
Lol no.
xD
Hot Patootie, bless mah soul. I really love that rock and roll.
bronychan doesn't exist.
:p
DAMNIT RHPS
It was a typo.
hm, hopefully its magic technology or steampunk
its just a jump to the left
and a step to the right
Decision: keep this oversaturated color and get this-
steampunk = automatically 20% cooler
Don't you stat Kanye. :I
Y'know, nevermind.
I'll just redo it by hand. Time isn't really an issued...
issue, even.
Nat... what you makin.
Hero_Spirit: You doing the TIME WARP AGAIN?
Starting on the Twilight set of cursors.
Hot Patootie right now. :0
Oh, cus eqd has irc.bronychan.net listed, so I was confused
Ooh, very nice Nat.
Yeah, very much so.
Best be letting me know when it's done. :p
Luna's done. -.-
4 freaking loading cursors.
07wait what?
07I heard my name
Last one seemed kinda crappy, but it looks... nice in execution.
07show me
I'm making cursors based off the color schemes of ponies. And some pony-themed stuff, like the Mare in the Moon for Luna's loading cursor
Uhh. I'll make a temporary dropbox link. Hold on
Haha whoops
/me loves dropboxes
/me needs more space
=3
hi
Luna, you're using Windows, right?
07Oui
Hello
Zat is correct
Which version?
Madam
07Zat is correct monsieur
7 or XP?
077
Alrighty-o.
Can I test it too? :3
i hrd this was a place to meet horsefuckers like myself
Wtf
;x
Hello sai
err
'course.
octo
:|
/me thinks no-pony understood her reference
Pinkamina?
sadly I don't get it
Seems familiar Luna
But I don't know from what
07No, no it was about the dropbox space :-)
rt has joined
07inb4 spaceeeee
helo rt
Nope, sorry. u.u
Linky linkaroo: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/20458213/Luna%27s%20CS%20Themed%20Cursors.zip
starbuck farts
If you have windows, http://realworld-change-cursor.software.informer.com/ is nice.
It lets you set cursors from the right click context menu.
hello
07how does it work?
07can I get a preview?
The change cursor?
lol
oh hy
07ah I see :)
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/20458213/untitled.PNG
07dat looks like windows xp!
I'm still using XP.
07:D
Game compatability.
Welcome to 2002
I have 7 on my netbook.
07Ohhh you use a netbook too?
07awesome!
I have a netbook that I got while in college and a laptop.
Laptop is a crappy dell gaming laptop from 2005, netbook is a 2010 dell netbook.
They have almost identical stats, but the netbook has a little less processing power and .4gb less RAM.
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU~
Wait .4 like 400 mb?
07whats wrong dash?
Yeah, about.
How... how do I know how to use which cursor for what D:
My internet is about 95% derp right now.
07dash is out now ;)
07relog
They're all labeled in whatever position I use them in
Don't use Internet, use an iron
My internet will drop again in a few minutes and it'll swap back over itself...
Should I use the v2 versions?
Standard is the normal cursor, vert. resize is the vertical resize...
All versions have the same quality, it's just whichever you want to use.
Text select v2's click-area thingy is in the middle of the middle line, though.
Huh. I should have a better labeling system... alt and versions don't mean the same thing
4 minutes. I was right with my first guess.
What is "working in background"? Like, should I use one of the loading ones for that, or....
Working in background means it's loading something, while busy means the program is frozen. I think.
Loading cursors, yeah.
And IMO, the moon in loading v1 is horrid.
Did you make the cursor the moon going through all its phases? that would be cool
the loading cursor I mean
Try it out o.o
Any clue what "alternate select" is?
The moon goes through a dark and light phase, yes. No, not many details on that moon...
Nope! I've seen it flash once or twice while I was looking at something else, but the cursor has never stuck around
Some websites use it, though.
What should I put for it? Just anything? Also, any clue on "handwriting"?
I didn't make a handwriting. Nopony I know has ever seen it.
I'll remake a quill eventually, but... ehh.
haha, cromartie high + my little pony
Maybe for like, drawing or something in Microsoft Word? >_>
or would that be cromaretie high?
This cursor is nice. :0
Hiya Val, if you're there.
Which one?
2,14 I am not there :P
2,14 I am here
/me hugs ValtheJean
2,14 how very kind!
/me hugs Natleyn back
:3
what's the difference between halfop and op?
2,14 the amount of commands you can do
^
Privileges are limited.
Exactly what they can use is determined on a channel by channel basis, IIRC
Hah.
IIRC.
ah, so you're like a janitor instead of a mod
2,14 >.<
Everyone knows janitors are secretly badass.
2,14 I like you Hero_spirit :P
:P
hong kong fooey was a janitor, and he was badass
Yesh!
though I prefer El Kabong
Hero, hows the cursors?
I like them. I think I'll use these until you finish the Twilight ones :p
so, would anyone mind getting me up to speed on what happened with the Seth conversation?
:D!
<3
well, I've gotta pack in.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49lFPyzTfjw heres some old school nostalgia
Night everyone
/me hugs Hero_Spirit goodnight
now this is some old school nostalgia
May your dreams be filled with Pony!
Wait, crap. I need to sleep
Night everypony! xD
Ominous
2,14 ohai wrek
Le gasp
07Val forums in a bit
2,14 and good night natleyn
07Wrek = asleep
07post ponies
kk
/me is trying to do 1000's things at once
I shall meditate until then :P
/me is failing
anything I can help you with?
e_e
2,14 ponies asleep, post mods
07ehm...
07maybe
I remember when those ridiculous rules came out
07to SKYPE!
sleeping
TALLY HO!
DAMMIT
Sleeping in half an hour after I read the new chapter of Cross and Arrow
helo
Luna~
And Night Court updated earlier? Dammit
Does it ever get super busy in here?
No sleep for you FreezeFrame
2,14 of course :P during the BMN streams
On movie nights it's pretty busy
2,14 and it'll be crazy busy during the S2 premiere
Movie night?
ore sanjou
2,14 Fridays and Saturdays my friend
Sorry I'm not familiar with your site
2,14 ah, let me give you a quick run through
2,14 every Friday and Saturday we have a movie night
There wasn't anything at bronystate.net
2,14 where we stream an A or a B movie, plus pony episodes
2,14 we also have a lottery for who gets to pick the next week's videos
2,14 this week is rather special however
2,14 after the movies on friday, we're having an all night Season 1 stream
Cus the new poines
2,14 which will end right at the premiere of Season 2
2,14 which we will also stream live
sweet
Nice
it will be amazing, how are you planning on streaming it live anyway?
Hi guys!
2,14 our streamer: Sumica, has a capture card
awesome
2,14 and he will be streaming directly from his TV
regarding the stream for ep1, when does it start in pacific time?
Oh wait, I was at bronychat.net durrell
Durr*
This autocorrect is atrocious
are you guys ignoring me because of my name?
nope
That's kind of a suggestive name :I
just whatever + eastern time
12 pm for you
2,14 sorry, was a little tied up
but you should get on at 6 am for the stream
2,14 the Stream for S2 Ep1 starts at 6:00 AM PST
WHAAAAAAA
that is very early
2,14 that's the time Hasbro decided to air it :P
Oh hasbro, you used to be cool
hey, it could be worse. it could be late at night like all the prime-time shows
Not really
then you'd have all saturday to anticipate it. instead you get to wake up early to ponies
2,14 best way to start the day :P
2,14 or you could just not go to sleep, and join us for our S1 stream :P
and then follow the fandom and its explosion the rest of the day
sleep is for the weak!
9>mfw I'll be streaming the S1 marathon
9>while sleeping
9winning.
Some one called?
2,14 lol really DCD?
2,14 I applaud you DCD
later guys
can't wait until the episode airs and our numbers triple
Bye bye
>Come in
>See NewDCD's comment
God damn
ARGH! Preview at the end of C&A!
9that's just how hardcore I am.
9I CAN STREAM IN HIGH QUALITY
there will be like 500+ people on this stream atleast
9IN MY SLEEP
2,14 lol
9no but really I should get some sleep that night
2,14 with your arms tied behind your back?
9otherwise I'll feel like shit during the premiere
9AND IN A CAVE
9WITH A BOX OF SCRAPS
2,14 don't worry DCD, I'll be up FOOOOORRREEEEEEEVEEEEEER to keep this rabble in line ;)
for a 'idle' stream window you should have europes "the final countdown" playing with an actual countdown to the season 2 opener
NewDCD can stream in his sleep and doesn't afraid of anything
magneto?
13"Lmao. Oh Hasbro, you so silly!" :D
that was hilarious
I dont get it.
13Its an inside joke.
13From The Brony Show Marethon yesterday.
oh yes I forgot to watch that part.
13I missed most of it, was here. lol
/me 13was listening to it a little during Rocky Horror >.>;;;
They put up a clip from that part.
that was what I forgot to watch.
13Yeah, they put up clips from a lot of it.
seems it was part of an ad that kept poping up throught out the stream nere the end of it.
for x men first class.
How many people have played F-Zero X?
not I
....oki I can see why people found it so funny now that I am seeing it.
Well I was just doing so on an emulator, and I have to say, I enjoyed it up until the Joker Cup.
And someone from Hasbro is monitoring EqD enough to do this.
I am not sure if that is real or not.
awww, just a URL manipulation to look up an X-Men toy through MLP skin
i'm sure hasbro is excited that someone, anyone, is excited about one of their products.
all they had going for it was Michael Bay
yeah had a fealing it was something like that KanyeNorthEast
Barry, I've play F-Zero X
I just hope that the execs are smart enough to stay away
07Wow
07it's silent :)
Whoever Hasbro put in charge of the MLP Facebook and Twitter is brony-friendly.
/me drops a needle
personally I give it 3-4 seasons before they figure they should cash in and make a movie.
and then its all down hill from there
Movie could be good.
07>implying they did not make a movie in the past?
well a movie for FIM
I mean, the one we'll be watching on the next BMN is well known.
/me hands luna the droped neddle.
movies tend to bring in a whole lot more money and new 'talent' so that they can be sure it'll make them money.
look at spongebob
is anyone else getting that join spam?
Yay, a join/part spammer.
/me is preparing for her magic
buttefartez
Weird Al needs to have a part in the movie.
I really need to learn how to turn off those messages.
they'd probably go for broke and put a human in the movie
Could be done well.
Megan wasn't horrible
curse you for your optimism, why can't you be as cynical as me?
07yep..
07watching it
I can be cynical, but for some reason, ponies make me really optimistic.
Either that or Lauren Faust does it.
Ooooooh, there's an awesome nick.
sup guys, hey, ah, whats up with the website?
07what's up with it?
why can't I watch anything
07because we are not streaming?
the stream is not going
07how you like the watermark?
or
oh
they call me fartez
butte fartez
I actually think next week is going to be the hardest, all the speculation for part 2
07next week?
next week after episode 1
so is there a new streaming formate or something now
Ah, /ignore
07I'm curious how many bronies will join to watch the season kick-off with us
I'll be here
Iwill
I probably will, though i'm not sure about the "entire night" part
No Hub in my room, and no bronies that I know of on campus to watch it with who did buy digital.
so when will it stream
which uni?
Keuka College
wheres that?
On Keuka Lake :P
hi
ah, of course
6Val~ :3
(The westernmost of the Fingerlakes in New York, it's the one with a fork at the north half)
Violet~ :3
I only have to avoid waking up my roommate
just finished the seth post
well, reading it that is
hi
ohai Stomper
hi Awesomeshy
/me is getting the banhammer
/me 2,14 is getting the bantrident to assist
2,14 last warning: do NOT spam join/exit
fartez
fartez
awww, you beat me to it Luna :P
you are teh ninjar
oh my, good job.
coupla rude fellas
Okay, finally finished facebooking for the night
I'd forgotten to let some people know about the play, so I just made it my FB status
does this happen often
Now, finally, I sleep for 5 hours before my Alarm wakes me up to Winter Wrap Up
/me has a suspicion "farts" is the culprit. x.x
07sometimes you have trolls
07lol
07thanks Pon
we can /whois him and see
;p
so you baned the host and kicked the people?
07eeeyup
07and pon kicked the proxies
07and banned them
Oh well, we're switching servers soon.
^_^
07yea he was behind a proxy
07but Pon was also in here ;)
07Whois Pon ;)
07Pontang@staff.netadmin.bronychat.net * Pontang
Now for some sleep
again?
I'm done reading fanfics, I'm caught up on FB, and I have no new emails in my inboxes.
