Sorry... I cant help you there...
and I wanna make like, a picture or something to help advertise it up on DA
Ive only been here for 2 weeks.
like something cool looking that helps promote BronyState
hmmm
anyone?
Make a banner.
LordCelestia: What did you need us to do?
with a BronyState meme
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftvZFUg4HPc <-- I'm not sure what this is.
idk, gimme ideas or something
like "Where was Gondor when we streamed MLP stuff?"
I don't think an inside joke will help advertise it much
...right.
"Where was Luna when Discord returned?"
16th Pinkie quest loop!
haha, nice one Espy
/me toots around the chat room
with presented by bronystate on the screen
Pinkie Pie would have a lot of candy and popcorn stuffed into her hooves
DAT TOOT
i like superbrony64s idea
EspyLacopa: It's Touhou, silly!
Rarity would just simply use her magic to hold a cup of soda up while drinking it with a straw
isnt that pic already on bronystate front page
Pinkie with a mountian of popcorn and candy
Oh wow, I didn't even notice that
wait
But not that kind
idk
I prob wouldnt just do the mane 6
But Ill brainstorm during school tomorrow so I can work on it when I get home
And i gotta go to bed now
Ask if you can get a screenshot of the big Bronystate logo that whoever made for opening the BMN
But damn, I totally did not see the Rarity thing. I honestly just thought it up right now :P
night LordCelestia
Okay, night LordCelestia
^good idea flaria
Also, if ponies are sitting, definitely use Lyra. <3
lol neither did I.
/me hugs LordCelestia
Sleep well!
be quite prince, theyre saying goodbye to me
DARI!!! <3
later, LordCelestia
goodbye LordCelestia
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60fb1slR1EE <-- Yay
/me hugs all goodbya
/me disappears in a glorious handsome flash of light
epic music galore
/me needs a signature exit.
This made my heart hurt and smile at the same time.
http://youtu.be/3gtwq6RM9Og
CloudRunner: That was a great comic. ;___;
ThePretender: "And into the darkness I run away, without the knowledge of where to go, but only the memories of where I've been…"
That'll be 5 bits.
SuperBrony64 That just made me all soul searchy.
http://youtu.be/P97eyrXX7XA
I ran into the darkness, wandered around a bit, and ran out, and years had passed.
Do we need more pony?
:l
Stupid time warp
inb4timewarpspam
HOOOO SHEEET MAGNETO SHIRT
LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!
/me refuses to do the time warp again.
MAGNETO SHIRT WUT
MAG-FUCKING-NETO shirt?
http://youtu.be/SiPIY9yHCsg
20TH LOOP OF PINKIEQUEST
LETS DO THIS
Magnets is Friendship
My Little Star Wars: Friendship is the Force
Friendship is Magic…with benefits...
XD
oh shit SuperBrony64
Really? Do explain.
TOOT FOREVER!
<3
Wit benefits... I lold
with*
also, a 2 week wait till new episode!? NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Pinkiequest = 2:44, so ~3, x21 loops.... about an hour
CloudRunner: C'mon, we survived summer.
but we've had a taste
now we want mooooore
I joined the herd last month...
ah
Oh.
C'mon, you can learn to survive
Go read some awesome fanfics :3
I hadnt even heard of the show till then. Saw a vid and it said by Lauren Faust and I was like :D
CloudRunner: You can't just JOIN the herd. You have to be born one.
SuperBrony64 Cant just join eh? how about a 23 brony convert count?
does that get me into the herd?
EspyLacopa: Actually, I'm gonna wait until 11:30.
I need moar toot. :[
You need to watch "Don't Hug me I'm Scared" first.
Did I hear someone request toot?! :D
TOOT TOOT TOOT
mods are asleep, post TOOT
/me waits for mods to kick ThePretender
>_>
<_<
but whyyyyyy
Rarity: "Tooting is very unlady-like"
I sowwy
Nope, no mod kick yet. Coast seems clear.
k
TOOT
/me hugs SuperBrony64 and Dashite
TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
Goodbye, Dashite.
Post TOOT? Kay: http://tinyurl.com/3evjcng
suddely, TOOTS everywhere!
Thanks for the hug Flaria
:3
Dari's bot is usually set for 6 messages in 10 seconds so that grouping is good except for when Dari is around to boot me anyway. :p
I just need to be careful to wait 10 seconds to respond after I post it. >_>
.
Don't think I didn't see what you did that day the room got '+m'ed.
^
:P
Wait, which day are we talking about? :p
Ok SuperBrony64 I just spent 3:25 of my life on that.
THAT day.
Was someone playing Brodyquest/Pinkiequest just now?
?
CloudRunner: Fantastic! You're now in Tier 5.
oh god that day
What is best Tier and what is lowest?
Tier 1 is highest
Nittany_Discord: I've been listening to it for the past hour.
Rainbow Dash Tier is highest, Fluttershy Tier is lowest
and lowest?
Uh.. tier?
Tier 4 requires you to read Cupcakes and then simmer down with Simply Rarity.
Flutterguy *ponyshrug*
Tier 5 is lowest
Dashite DID YOU JUST FUCKING IMPLY THAT FLUTTERSHY IS LOW TIER!?
/me hasn't the slightest idea what these crazy ponies are speaking of.
CloudRunner, I didn't imply anything.
SuperBrony64: What do tier 3, 2 and 1 require?
your an ass
lol
All the ponies in this chat are crazy!
^
What about my ass now?
Tier 3 requires (after completing Tiers 4 and 5) you to chat here at least 2 hours a day for a week.
It is large and smells of peches
They will be judged based on your performance. You then get reviewed and approved for Tier 3.
Peaches*
2 and 1?
Now I'm curious about how you came to that conclusion, but I'm not entirely sure I want to know.
SuperBrony64 are these tiers based on anything or are they being pulled out of your flank?
The latter.
Latter, but I'm curious.
Tier 2 requires attending BronyState Movie Nights AT LEAST four times in a row and staying through them from the time the first movie starts till the start of the post-show.
who wants to see my haircut?
Dashite all of the Mane 6 are high tier. none are low tier.
I disagree, but I'll leave it at that. :)
I like this guy ^
Gummy is god tier btw. http://youtu.be/CyVTiztgmYA
And tier one?
Tier 1, which I don't believe is attainable yet, requires you to be here for 80% of all the Brony Movie nights (or equivalent weekly special events) for an entire year.
Oh, I'll definitely agree with your about Gummy though.
At least 80%
80%? There are a number of people that have been here for that many.
what's going on?
Dermathil is one of them.
DAT SKYRIM SONG
Over a year's time?
Sweet, I'm 'tier 2'
/me dances with fire
Oh, misread that.
uh?
I'm one of what Dashite?
Been here for 80%+ of BMNs
oh right. I'm Tier 1 I guess
If there are about 48 fridays in a year, then you need to be to AT LEAST 38 of them. (not including nor requiring encore presentations)
Except he said over the course of a year.
We need a new Tier system that doesnt require the reading of Cupcakes
agreed
CloudRunner: Work in progress on that one.
cause I'd be like...Tier 3 or 2
SuperBrony64: Been on since Movie night #2, and since then I been on almost EVERY DAY, even during off-movie days.
It should require reading all of Fallout: Equestria. DEDICATION PEOPLE!
Quick question.. when did movie nights start?
Also one that doesnt require the knowing of a (very specific) website.
Flutterguy: May
or the Vinyl Scratch Tables
Your faces when I've been listening to Pinkiequest for hour and a half
May 13th was the first day
Dashite: I'm up to date with the fic
guys
i don't know D:
Dashite: that means I first showed up on May 20th
Tier 5 is going to be attending just one Brony Movie night
SuperBrony64: I'd say 3 months of constant watching and participation in chat, in addition to contributing to the community
ctrlx Know what?
I personaly try to avoid fics so I dont accidentaly head canon something
what's going on
I don't either dude.
/me shrugs. But he understands what they're talking about.
anyways, GOOD NIGHT EVERYBRONY!!!!!
Dermathil, Monty Python/Evil Dead was night 2. Good time to show up. :D
I've had pinkiequest on loop for an hour and a half
Bye then Dermathil!
/me hugs Dermathil goodnight
Sleep well!
later Dermathil!
Good night Dermathil
Night Dermathil
http://youtu.be/iyC2ccF_-Pc
Okay, let me try to rectify this...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5FiFMKR3LGc&feature=related
Tier 5 - Attend one BronyState Movie Night (from start of first movie till start of post show).
/me IS LURKING
Lurk moar.
Tier 5 Watch and enjoy atleast 3 episodes of MLP:Fim
Tier 4 Watch the 1st season more than once
Tier 3 Recrute at least 4 Bronies
(well? o_o)
Tier 3 (alt) contribute to the Brony comunity
and not just one pic
Flaria: ???
or vid
Tier 2 Create something (pony related) That gets alot of attention from the Brony comunity
I'mma stop the Pinkiequest loop at 30 loops.
One more loop~
/me passes out from lurking so hard
One more turns to two, Flaria..
Nah.
30 is a good stopping point.
Tier 2 (alt) Visit Equestria Daily, daily for a few months
(yay! I've done that :3)
I've done that, but I didn't qualify for Tier 3. >_>
Last loop~
Tier 1 Memorize every single line in every episode AND recrute 15+ Bronies
I'm sticking to tier two. >_>
Tier 1 (alt) Recrute 40+ Bronies and memorize every song
Well, I've memorized every song.
God Tier Create a Pony related website that updates daily.
/me shrugs
God Tier IMO is just be recognized across the community.
Seth, Cereal, iBringDaLulz, PinkiePieSwear, ect
Whoops. Went to 31 loops.
Anyway, that's closed
I made it to tier 3. I would be at Tier 1 but only 4 recrutes...
God Tier (alt) what Flaria said
<3
although I dont recognise iBringDaLulz
I'd like to be recognized for the cursors, but I have a lot of work before I'm telling anyone.
God Tier: John Joseco
^THIS
FUCK.
I see that man
And I don't see a man
I see a STALLION
Or a factory.
Saw it coming...
....... O.O
YAY!
:D
First spam kick.
Joseco is a drawing machine.
http://youtu.be/nuLNzaxqnhQ
^Yes.
Hmm…I'm ready to try it out...
5
4
3
2
1
1
Hehehe
That was fun
What was fun?
Spam kicked
Wait Flaria what do you mean the cursors?
Being kicked to oblivion
oh god not again...
CloudRunner: yeah.
Speaking of oblivion. cant wait for skyrim
Maybe after I complete Dash. :l
Personally im waiting for RAGE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1J3w4cS2MvM&NR=1
more then Skyrim
Uncharted 3 here..
:l
Oh yes uncharted
UNCHARTED 3 OMG
OMIGOSH OMIGOSH OMIGOSH
Sorry, fanboy moment there.
*fangasm*
It's alright, happens.
I really want to go to the San Francisco event but I've got school :(
*cries*
San Francisco event?
Yeah, a preview event for the thing
Bioshock Infinite is totally at the top of my list
*blows up*
I'll probably have school too.
$25 to attend, but if you pay $60, you get the game shipped to you a week before it comes out.
No way.
ya you had to wait 6 hours to play the dmo...
Yeah way.
demo*
Alright, when's it?
http://gamrconnect.vgchartz.com/thread.php?id=134678
long ass lines I heard
October 18-20th
Now what cursors were you talking about Flaria?
You have to buy a ticket for this event so it's limited.
HOLY JESUS
omg
Fuuuuucccckkkkk I HAVE SCHOOLLLL
October 15 = new episode so Im not going anywhere.
I'm making cursor sets based off of pony color schemes.
:3
/me amen to that CloudRunner
If I didn't have school…I'd go
I wish i lived in the us just for this...
http://youtu.be/lfTBEy-czp4
CloudRunner: Yeah, I've only finished two, and I'm only talking about them here... not really posting stable download links or anything.
Reminds me of something.
Remember Rainbow, the GAME.
Damn. Nice way to dangle something in my face and pull it away Flaria...
I LOVE GAMES!
:l That's not the reaction I was attempting to elicit..
I ran out of money to throw at the screen.
CloudRunner: Sorry. I'm still beta-testing them all and stuff, and I wanna make sure they're perfect.
I can wait. :p
I lost the game
Still waiting for more Bioshock Infinite news...
That took a while Xerion
Uncharted 3
hola
Season 2 MLP
I wasn't looking
That's more than enough of a reason to live.
I personaly cant wait for Fighting is Magic.
CloudRunner: Same.
You'd think they'd at least do the Uncharted event somewhere like Denver so I'd be close.. :/
Hopefully we get a demo soon.
i was never good at arcade fighters...
Flutterguy: You think they would do it on a WEEKEND
I loved Soul Calibur 2 though
Damn straight!
06,15Oooh, they finally made some more of the women's FiM shirts in men's sizes.
where?
RobotPinkie really? Cause I sorta.. you know, want one.
link plz?
RobotPinkie!!…*narrows eyes*
06,15http://www.welovefine.com/nby.php?c=2#/instantSearch=1&id_lang=1&q=124&c=2&o=n&p=1
06,15Like the Rarity "Deal with it" shirt, I always wanted one
Holy
lol magneto
I wish I could get the Dumb Fabric shirt, but it doesn't match my wardrobe.
06,15but it was only available in women's sizes
I want the djpon3 one
actually i want anything with dj pon3 on it
http://www.welovefine.com/product.php?id_product=849 WANT
Why's there only one Twilight one.. :_;
or Octavia
CloudRunner: Check your PM :<
06,15Yeah and like 90% of them are Rainbow Dash shirts :P
http://www.welovefine.com/product.php?id_product=644
WANT
SO BAD
http://youtu.be/lLjasUdsP1I
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfJR6sAo0CU
Lagmobile: Aaaannndd….she walks towards "Applejack - we don't normally wear clothes"
...
/me Me Gusta
NO!
NO MOR DIRTY THOUGHT ME
NOT TONIGHT
Well everypony
It's time for sleep.
Night everypony
Night Flaria
/me hugs Flaria
/me hugs everypony
Night!
Bye Flaria!
and herospirit
06,15night Flaria and herospirit
May your dreams be filled with muffins and be void of dumb fabric
And bye herospirit!
Bye herospirit
Sleep well! I'll see y'all in the mornin' :3
Later :P
Night!
Those shirts though...
06,15I think I need more muffins...
herospirit: pony the pony pony!
only $25 us
I really want one
Daaaaaaaww
but I also really like my ribs without little cracks in them...
OH GOD *cries*
06,15I like how they now have more My Little Pony men's shirts than women's shirts...
06,15WAY more, really...
There has to be a new sad comic everyday :(
Why do all the Ask tumblrs have to have something depressing now?
Firt it was ask pinkamina
then it was ask sadistic rarity
then ask octavia...
now as dj pon3...
Tumblr, y u make man cry?
Them Ponies make me cry :(
They aren't all depressing.
http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/
lol john jeseco
Dashite: DOHOHOHOHO
oh god the riding crop
:D
/me not sure... if... want...
/me megusta
NO
NO DIRTY THOUGHTS
STOP IT MIND
So there are sites where you ask characters questions and then they draw responses?
Me thinks Lagmobile wants.
06,15Heading off to bed... make sure to behave :P
Bye RP!
Oh we
Night RobotPinkie
Oh, we'll behave RobotPinkie. :)
OKAY EVERYONES POST DEM PONIES :D
FOR TEH LULZ
06,15Night night everypony <3
night robot
Hold off everypony, he's still here
...
Night RobotPinkie! HAVE A GOOD SLEEP AND STUFFS!
/me in wait mode
ponies now?
/me waits
SHHHHHH
Lemme test the water
b-but i-
Look at all this Rule 34 stuff I have...
I wonder if I should post it
...
HA HA! TIME FOR HUMAN PONIES!
lol
http://www.notarealwebsitebutcontainsrule34.net
OKAY PONY TIME!
/me waits for hug.exe
ERROR: File "hug.exe" not found.
I GOT AN AWESOME LINK RIGHT HERE
http://api.ning.com/files/BksxWIKIFr1J-65Jz5VdggnUNIXkVzZMfZTqRP3LCX7knzxrFFq6j-70mhzJZ4FOWWGPe3Jtf*lEOTs2s4LgVqMxtLmqIRHK/link.jpg
http://imgur.com/W4plX
i don't think i'll be able to sleep easy tonight
is that megasweets work?
I mean- WHO THE HELL IS MEGASWEET?
I don't think so, but I could be wrong.
ctrlx: Why? Is it your haircut?
did ctrlx get creative?
well... I just freaked myself out...
How?
SuperBrony64, i get my license back tomorrow
And that's bad because...?
but i have to get up at 9 to go to the dmv
:<
I dont want to get creative ever again...
What happened to your license?
lol DMVs
drinking + tickets
Oh
not cool bro
/me -1 brohoof
/me slaps ctrlx around a bit with a large trout
Congrats on getting your license back!
jk we still love you
no homo...
/me man hugs ctrlx
yah it was bad. ponies have changed my life though. :3
<3
that new depressing comic on EQD reminds me of Tuesdays With Morrie
feels bad man...
after i step out of that dmv with my license, i'm gonna be all like: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eu1TAqQwSXk&feature=related
im actually getting my learners test this weekend hopefully
It actually reminds me of Patch Adams
aww bloomburg is so cute :3
http://youtu.be/UDEdSMcalUQ
Lagmobile, don't be a crazy driver like i was :x
"I am so frustrated I could jizz cream"
...
CANNOT UN HEAR
For teh lulz: http://youtu.be/2XtoP4kucy4
wkahh shoe
wkahh shoe
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E8vI-Uk1ESs&feature=related
>:/ damn internet
whyd everything just get quiet...
idunno
G'morning
mornin Diftraku
yo drift
Hey
WE MAY BE DIVIDED
http://www.welovefine.com/product.php?id_product=644 still want
BUT ALL OF YOU I BEG
or wait
anyways
YOU GOTTA SHAAAARE
YOU GOTTA CAAAAARE
ohgawd
Magneto pony t-shirt
ITS TH RIGHT THING TO DO
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=_YYclpE16-c
BOTH OUR DIETS I SHOULD MENTON ARE COMPLETLY VEGETARIAN
WE BOTH EAT HAY AND OATS
WHY BE AT EACH OTHERS THROATS
Was that an actual mad tv sketch...?
I am not sure
its really convincing...
do you know you're all my very best friends? <:3
Daww
...
yes it is...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pa075ZlTUys
ctrlx: FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENDS
to bad the new mad tv sketches suck...
still reminds me of Tuesdays with Morrie
http://askumfluttershy.tumblr.com/post/10756439081
actually this sketch is okay
lold near the end
http://askberrypnuch.tumblr.com/
it gut weirder...
OHHHH WHAT A WONDERFUL PLACE
i didnt think it was possible...
AND I OWE IT ALL TO THE PEGASUS RACE
IF I KNEW HW NICE THE EARTH WOULD BE
ID HAVE COME HERE SOONER AND NEVER LEAVE
cute little filly ponies dancing in costumes :D
are you watchng the cutiemark chronicles right now ctrlx?
ya
:3
should i be worried I knew what episode you were on just by a couple referances?
nah i can quote probably every episode. i'm getting close to the level of starwars fanatics.
seen hte entire series like 3 times through. choice episodes more :x
Ive seen it at least 8 times now.. just cuz i hit shuffle and do other things while watching it
but i usually drop everything and jus watch the episode...
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
I'm gonna go.. good night the both of you.
nite Flutterguy :33
night flutter guy
rock farm lol
wait are we really the only two people left?
we're adrift a sea of idlers
/me starts rowing
Yup, it's just the two of you.
Prtty big sea
oh hai mark!
I mean- Dashite
actually it's not that big. i've seen channels of like 500 people idling
Mark? O.o
The Room referance...
No longer Idle
Never actually see it but i just know the referance...
yah i've not seen it yet either
http://i.imgur.com/YZbpA.jpg
but i like how he says it
YOU'RE TEARING ME APART, LISA
Oh he has is own web talk show now to
god damn it
rainbow dash is WINNING
its called the Tommy Wi-show
not kidding
Tommy Wii-Show?
sonic rainbooms give me goosebumps every single time
they give everybody goosebumps
it's a well-known scientific fact
every. single. time.
Never loses its charm
ment to get jut the image in that link
w/e
it happens
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nxp83CimT0w
there it is
the director/writor/star of a crappy move getting internet famous
they should make a gummy plushie so i can put him with my pinkie pie plushie
i only managed to get to the part where the machinima logo disappeared...
I'm not sure i want to live on this planet anymore...
But we have video games here...
Let's all board the rocket to Equestria!
that is awesome
:O
8O
o
o O
Scratch pony is best pony
behind Magneto of course
Oh John Jeseco you pervy bastard...
@liemeter cake
Must...
not..
aww, they removed that
clop...
Fluttershy is best pony.
^this
/me coughs
And we'll love, tolerate and grope anyone who disagrees to DEATH
Dear lord TW is a terrible actor...
Listen to your heart, listen to the rain, listen to the voices in your brain...
TW is a terrible, period.
No get creative PLEASE
no one*
why not?
You're just not thinking CREATIVELY
WHAT IS YOUR FAVORITE COLOUR?
RED
You're not thinking 4th dimensionally!
BLUE
GREEN
Green is not a creative color...
COFFEE
he's.. a bear
as in the HEX code
No! YELLLLLOOOOOOooooooooooow...
:x
D
E
A
T
H
---------H
i like green
ninja'd
lol
lol
Now let's all agree, to never be creative again.
agreed
FFFFFF <--
Wow tommy cant even game...
You just lost it.
Tommy just sucks at everything...
Tommy just sucks
except being internet famous
Why am i still watching this?
no idea
Because you hate yourself.
probably...
http://i.imgur.com/vZd6F.png
Flutterz: rofl
John Jeseco, Megasweet, Crooked Trees... why you have awesome art and use that talent to draw porn?
why am I complaining...
because R34?
They're just that awesome
I'm afraid I must leave you all, as I still need to wake up early enough to have time to do my philosophy homework...
goodnight everypony
Flutterz: Haha, same here actually
Night Flutterz
Night
G'night Flutterz
With that being said...
Reminds me I am supposed to be reding Death Of A Salespony
I'm afraid I must leave you all, as I still need to wake up early enough to have time to do my "ENGLISH" homework...
SALESMAN
G'night SuperBrony64 :P
Death of a salesMAN
Night Super
Just remember
Listen to your heart
Listen to the rain
listen to the rain
Listen to the voices in your brain
And now
Off I go
TO THE MOOOOON-AH
kind of need to put death of salesman down for a while and come here...
hits way to close to home...
feels bad man...
wtf happened to my da watch list?
everything got cleared...
That sucsk
Scumbag dA?
ok i gotta try and goto bed. night everypony. :3
night ctrlx
G'night ctrlx
I'll brb, need to switch over to my mobile
and then there was one...
Im so lonely
so very lonely
I have no body...
Im on my own...
:(
Well
im just gonna
back out
now...
goodnight... nopony...
since soil has layers and such that form upon shaking them in a container of some sort.. i wonder if i can separate the gravy from my mashed potatoes by shaking it in a similar container
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y7a5MmfnTYw
Morning everypony
Morning.
07,1hello everypony
hai Luna
06,15Morning, ponies
07,1how are you all?
07,1time to play some serious sam :)
yay! SS :D
06,15Just played some ICO HD, it was pretty awesome.
07,13 more weeks and Sam 3 is out!
07,1...grr
07,1..3 more weeks!
07,1and Sam 3 is out!
06,15You really should add a 0 to your color script :P
07,1yep
lol
Sam 3… S2E3…
06,15I wish I could play Sam 3 on this computer, after watching that trailer you linked me to a couple of weeks ago
06,15Sadly, I very much doubt it's possible :(
07,01123456
07,01789010
07,0101
07,01fixed
06,15Nicely done
07,01I suck at scripts :P
07,017,1bla
07,01see? :P
06,15That's why it's impressive, lol
well done xD
Hello
07,01wooo
07,01*dances*
06,15My mom has a lot of SQL background, so I can't really impress her easily with scripts :P
guys, what is better mIRC or mibbit?
06,15Define "better" :P
hmmm, use as a portable perhaps?
06,15You'll get less delay with mIRC, but you won't really notice it much in Mibbit
e.g. on a flash drive
06,15Oh, err, mIRC then, I don't know how you'd put the Mibbit chat on a flash drive
alright, im going to install it now
rofl
06,15Well I guess I know, but it doesn't sound like a good plan.
07,01mIRC
06,15Cloud riding on Fashion Style Rarity instead of his motorcycle... like a baws!
06,15Going to stream your Serious Sammage, Luna?
i hope so :D
06,15That would be fun to watch
/me crash in through the roof
06,15Congratulations Diftraku, you're the new Rainbow Crash
I better be
I got out of the last class at 15:30
too bad, you rainbowcrash
who's seen the new CR
06,15New classes start for me on the 10th next month...
06,15CR?
I get to Kamppi and notice the 812 isn't running anymore
So 813 leaves at 15:53
I get myself an icecream and then get to the bus
45 minutes later we're outside of Helsinki, heading to Porvoo on the highway
The bus was 10 minutes late due to traffic
06,15Gotta catch your bus, you see your friiiieeeends
06,15Ouch, that's a long ride
I eventually get to Porvoo, then world bucks me in the arse and the bus I could've taken went 5 minutes ago
I wait another 10 minutes there and then take the bus to home, walk home, slump to the chair and turn the computer on
I open Winamp, I put the speakers on and put Makkon befriends Jeffthestrider - Impressions of Celestia Origins
playing
06,15and now it's pony time, amirite or amirite?
I shall now execute the "I don't give a buck about the world"-evening right now
I'm half-dead after the day...
06,15http://oyster.ignimgs.com/wordpress/www.ign.com/5287/2011/02/ponyclock.png
So, if you'll excuse me, I shall buck-all and listen to the same song all evening
well... have fun Diftraku
06,15Alright, hope you feel better soon, Diftraku
I do hope the same
Oh hai RP, Luna, Dift
How's everypony doing
say, anyone seen the new familiar faces
good here
06,15Ohay AllisZero
07,01Ohai Allis
07,01preparing House :)
Yaay
06,15Well, I got a fashion pony Rarity, and my AC Cloud Strife figure is now riding her, so.... that's good.
06,15It's like the perfect size for him
Lolo
I'd like to see that
06,15I have taken pictures, though I'm tired/lazy... :P
06,15I'll probably upload in a bit, if I don't fall asleep
I'm super tired myself
Not being able to sleep the past few days
Well, rather, past few MONTHS really but been worse this week
06,15Yeah, I definitely need to get my sleeping habit in better working order...
06,15brb, rebootan
Wow, we love fine sure isn't pulling any punches
06,15Yeah I know... they've got way too many pony shirts I want.
I want those shirts :P
07,01OMG OMG OMG
07,01do want
07,01http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ls6s5kymDM1qincmao1_500.png
...
D'AAAAAWWWWWWW
07,01I know right?!
omg xD
07,01http://www.iaza.com/work/110927C/iaza14289689152200.png
07,01Sooooo cute!
wait.. is that last one pony related?
not sure where to save it is all
07,01it's pinkiepie
alright well there's little actual indication of that lol
07,01I know it needs work still
alright though thanks
This is a fine piece of work. http://www.youtube.com/watch?hl=en-GB&v=nZAGpJr5RsU
twilight cat is best cat
07,01She looks awesome, yes
i was thinking that i kinda wish the cats reflected the chars personality better.. but i'm not sure how that would really happen
cause they're actually pretty good
Yeah, those look nice
Any suggestions to make it better? http://www.kidoutenshi.net/random/Disregard_Chaos.jpg
07,01a little more details i'd say
that's good :D
07,01or maybe a different color for either the cloud or Pinkie
Yeah, they need a little more contrast
So does Chocolate
07,01yes
Working on a white background makes everything pop out differently
As far as more details, what do you mean?
07,01Well like I said Pinkie needs more contrast and the straw maybe at a glass of choco-rain?
That could work too
Wat
Dairies?
Dat typo
oh god mare milk
Mare milk...?
Tell us more AllisZero
I am enthralled..
:P
O_o
Its a glitch
the fuck as it reminded me of CoD
Yeah, so I gathered.
When I saw it, I had a stupid grin on my face, and my first thought was: Problem, Beta testers?
lol
/me sings along to the trololo.
rawr
Trollestia
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gTl9SFonASc
<3
:o
:D
You wanna see sumfin funny?
Mare milk
I mean, Dairies reminds me of Dairy
I'm broken, don't mind me
Well at least it's not stallion milk...?
...
hey chat
Sure
Hey Dermathil
hehehe
Alright everypony, I'm gonna go get something to eat
teacher cancelled today's class
Be back in a few
(Philosophy, second time in the semester that he cancelled a class)
lol
indeed
I guess he didn't want to get... *sunglasses* Philosophical
he's also the teacher that allows us to leave the earliest too
Its probably to late AllisZero
(once he allowed us to leave the 2-hour long class after only 40 minutes because he was done with what he had to teach us in that class)
But dont forget to take your medicine while your at it
Lol
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/memes-double-mind-blow.jpg
HOOOOOOOOOOOO SHEEEEEEEET
but what do they mean?
still pretty epic if its real
http://i56.tinypic.com/2mgnvy0.jpg
what happens when you type woman gets a on google
:3
ooooooh
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-law2Ma4H-M&feature=related
lol
what if.. we took a fancy dude from bel-air and made him live in philadelphia.. we'll call it the fine prince of welfare
Wat
idk.. i don't know much about philadelphia
Hi Kitten :)
hi hi
hai Kitten
:o Kitten using mIRC
Afk
woo i got it working!
hate my net
same
:o
/me gices Kitten his connection
gives *
dont worry, my school connection is almost as bad ;)
but this is my house connection
the dumb*** net provider hasn't come to replace the lines yet :(
People who work in ISPs are the laziest people in the world
/me nods
/me curls up in Ari's lap
/me cuddles Kitten
so i'm noticing.. thats why momma calls every 2- 3 days, she plans to call today and tell them that she isn't going to be paying for the last week since we havent really had internet and its not right paying for something that she is supposed to be getting but is not getting
:D
do that
what isp do you have?
Ponies, I think we broke something
http://www.mmo-champion.com/threads/893666-My-Little-Pony-Friendship-is-Magic!?p=13421487&viewfull=1#post13421487
Illinois Consolidated
They had to close the old thread because it was too laggy for mods
whats that?
How laggy, you ask: 10 to 15 seconds per page
D:
i really really wanted to see how far it goes
lol my service provider :P
woah...
oh
thats alot of pages
I have rogers
Vbulletin experts said you should close them at 10k posts
aka ATT
>implying they ever get that far ever
http://i52.tinypic.com/n53gut.png is a proper reaction
I even shot an e-mail to EqD about it :P
nice image Diftraku, hopefully we will take over the world
we will have the biggest thread on the official forums of earth
cool
Good morning everypony!
hey SuperBrony64
What's up DashWithRainbows?
nothing much, had trouble connecting to this chat with mIRC,
Ouch, what's the problem?
it's fixed now - the problem was i didnt know what to do
Haha, that's a common problem with many things...
i just done random things and then it connected me
so i retraced steps, found out how i did it and thats it really
That's good!
I presume we're the only ones active here right now?
i think so, chat has been dying alot
but more people will be on i guess
Not really an ideal day to chat lol
just wait till later, thats what i usually do.
around 9pm is when chat is alive for me
Yeah, gets active more around evening time.
im going to try and see if the portable mIRC will work on my school computers (hope it does)
I have a class and a lab today :/
i have to do 6 lessons per day, each 50 minutes each
It should, but if not you could use the online IRC clients.
everyday i only do maximum of 3 lesson's
Unless you are at a public school that filters content...
Why only 3/6?
>my school always filters no matter what
yep
monday - 2 lessons then 4 lessons doing what i want
tuesday the same
They might filter out the IRC server
wednesday 3 lessons
thursday - same as wednesday
Unless you're the first to use it at your school, then you've got some time before they do that :P
friday - 2 lessons
1st to use bronystate, able to use chat on that
but it takes ages to connect
I hate public school internet
school has banned the nightly round-up for me on EQD but rest of site is ok
I used to have that problem when I was back in high school
But a quick proxy server was the cure :P
Well…it wasn't 'quick' but it WORKED
the "mods" as we call them in our school, ban anything innapropiate in a matter of around 30mins
Jerks haha
Do you happen to know what internet filter they are using?
embc i think
i dont remember
Have you tried using a proxy server?
nope
might try
but they act fast
I don't think they can do anything with a proxy server
e.g. one of my friends went onto command prompt to shut down his friends computer from across the room
It reroutes the connection past their filters
mods came in around 1 minute after he accessed it
Haha wow
had his account suspended for about 3 days
What kind of school is this?!
this is kettering buccleuch academy
its fucking shit
Oh damn
only good thing about it is that it is a sports academy
so the course i chose gets good equipment and also gets to try the new laptops 1st for the whole year
Alright, I'm back
That's not bad.
Hey AllisZero
hey AllisZero
I hope that the academy isn't your only source for internet access.
SuperBrony64: They can't do anything with a Proxy server besides block that IP address
Yeah.
And if it's a school they're usually on the ball with that, so they just might block that IP altogether
Unless you use an inconspicuous port for your proxy
Just keep a list of proxies handy haha
(which I should be doing with mine at work, but I've been too lazy to)
My school used a primitive filtering system so proxy servers were VERY popular.
of course it isnt the only source for internet -_- im at home
That's good, didn't know if this was the kind of school you lived at during the school year :P
A spy…?
hello?
thats classified.
Am not!
Err...
>_>
<_<
HE REVEALED HIMSELF!
As you were
worst spy ever
WHOSE FOOTPRINTS ARE THESE?!
!
just checking the non-portable mIRC is connected okay.
Do you have a smart phone DashWithRainbows?
no
i put the portable onto a flash drive
Ok, was going to suggest using that.
so i can use at school, (flash drive also has my backup pony folders)
which i need to update now
A new challenger has appeared!
Hey Luna
07,01ello
ohai Luna
/me hugs Luna
Wb
But yeah, having that much security on the internet at your school must not be fun :/
it isnt, that why i need my personal laptop so i can install C&C on it
I LOATHED my school's internet.
and play when i have free lessons (18/30 per week)
Le horror...
is it house time? :D
06Soon~
YAY
06DashWithRaibows you play C&C? Which ones?
i usually play Generals and Zero hour
as they are the best ones IMO
07,01well soon in 2hrs and 15 mins
basically 9pm for uk
07,01correct
around 4pm in some usa i guess
or 3pm
*squee* Octavia is best pony
06but it's 7:45PM right now. . . 2 hours and 15 minutes would be 10PM . . . x.x
/me hugs Violet
06Dashie~ We should play Generals together~ c;
/me hugs Octavia
/me hugs Luna back gently~
/me hugs Octavia too
/me hugs Octavia as well
if i could connect online, the copy i brought does not allow me to play online oddly enough, says invalid code
06Have you Hamachi? ;3
used to
got rid of it i think
let me check my folders
07,01luckily it's easy to reinstall ^^
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnkBMMLv2l4&feature=related
nope, i got rid of it. i think it was when i stopped playing minecraft
06Get it again
06and we could potentially play over network
Generals?
Whats that?
it was mad around 2003
it was the 1st command and conquer that was 3-d graphics and was known as one of the best C&C games that EA made
Sounds fun
Do either of you have Terraria?
nope.
bbl
Aw, thats a shame :P
i was thinking of getting it and i played it a few times round my friends house, i just didnt like it
How long did you play it?
well i usually stay round his for about 4 hours... and he plays his other computer upstairs so we both play
all in all i say about 18 hours i played it
Wow
Lol
turns out i still have hamachi, but needs updating
06I saw you said the best C&C game and was about to explode but then I see you added by EA. . .
06That is true.
06^.^
06Westwood made amazing C&C games~
yep
i didnt mind tiberium wars 3 much
06tiberium Wars was delicious~
06The Ion Cannon made that game for me~ <3
for me, mammoth tank is best tank
06Mammy! ^-^
i liked how they included the Scrin faction in TW3
I liked how Nod and GDI barely paused in fighting each other when the aliens came in and started trying to kill everyone.
i loved seeing my little soldiers try to hold off the tripods and sometimes won
my little soldiers i used to wonder what war could be
until you all shot your bullets at me
Doesn't quite fit the syllables, but...
A big ass tank, crushing infantry...
(i should have said warfare instead)
06Dashite told me we would play. . .
06but that was a month ago. . x.x
>_>
<_<
/me heads off to class
06D;
06Come baaaacccckkkkkk~
08,1Moooo!
Fluttershy` out of freaking nowhere!
Can't. This prof is really strict with attendance. :/
moomoo moo moo.. moo moomoo moo
Hello Bronystate.
hey WhatPayne
06Baiii Dashite~
Stream is still on for tonight?
mfw i was browsing my folders and i see that i might still have the contra 007 mod
Hi Fluttershy`, nice to see you have perfected your imitation of a cow.
house time!
not yet MrChang ? it starts in about 1 hr 49 mins
DAWWW
Hey Fluttershy`
08,1HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
08,1A word of advice to all you regular bronies!
08,1NEVER BECOME A MODERATOR.
08,1WE ARE ALL INSANE <3
06,15She's correct, y'know.
But I am insane NOW!
> was insane before he started to come here
08,1if only you knew...
I'm insane. Can I be a mod now? =D
06,15No you're all like Cypress Hill, while we're all Infected Mushroom. You know what I'm saying?
08,1two words
06,15:P
08,1naked pile
08,1just kidding xD
/me dreams have been crushed
08,1SHOO BE DOO
06,15Transferring awesome pics of fashion style Rarity, now....
06,15Haven't styled her hair, but it'll come eventually.
08,1yes.. never... become a mdoerator... >>;
06,15Things suddenly turned quiet....
Being a mod is an evil job
06,15Haha, you're going to scare everyone away :P
nothing you say shall scare me
/me stands his ground
08,1o_o if only you knew....
but i want to know
Well, I'm off everypony! Have class and whatnot to attend to.
bye SuperBrony64
later SuperBrony
06Fluttershy~
http://i.imgur.com/rKzYd.png
Usually when someone says "you don't wanna know," you'll come to regret the truth later...
08,1Yesssssss my dearest most beautiful violet?
/me trods over and pokes Fluttershy with her hoof.
06Halloooooooo~ :3
08,1Halloooo! -huggles-
wanna know a surefire way that the makers of MLP could tick off bronies?
go on...
make discorded rainbow dash interested in girls
heh
LOL
oh god your right
/me hugs Fluttershy back~
The barn door doesn't swing that way but it does make exceptions *suggestive plot*
but then it would bring the "bad bronies" forward
08,1Love and tolerate!
08,1^^
08,1I can haz random!
08,1HAHAHA
"i knew i'd have to tolerate fans but i never expected to have to tolerate FiM"
06,15Wow, I really need a new camera...
06,15http://i.imgur.com/5e3w3.jpg
my god that is pretty awesome
06,15That's the only even bearable picture...
06,15IKR?
btw i'm not quite sure what you mean by that would bring the bad bronies forward
"bad bronies"*
Hello again
Dat Cloud RobotPinkie
2,14 lol wut?
*shameless self promotion*
The old thread got locked on MMO-Champion forums xD
I could do the same with my YT account Dift
07,01noooo
07,01why?!
Never fear
We already have a new one
They are EVIL!
07,01page count?
11968
07,01new topic?
Ee-yup
On top of the forum where the old one was
oh god
Oh Lol RP
You're right, Cloud fits perfectly on top of Rarity
Fluttershy`, after scrolling up, I find your behaviour to be quite entertaining
oooh a message?
http://thatguywiththeglasses.com/videolinks/teamt/cr/ff/32594-episode-58-my-little-pony-retrospective-g4
06,15bit distracted by various things, sorry...
06,15Yeah, that Cloud is supposed to be on a motorcycle called "Fenrir"
07,011:15 before House eps
/me wonders if you are distracted by us
06,15but I think fashion style Rarity works just as well
07,012hrs before Flutterception
Me? Distracted? From what? *shifty eyes*
08,1Everypony dance now
07,01on what?
08,1I don't know ;___:
08,1my mood was kinda deflated >>
will we play pictionary again?
yesterday was fun
Fluttershy` thanks for raising my interest in Past Sins, read through it today. Great story
:[
yup
It took me several
08,1I was going to continue reading it today though...
08,1=_=
Although, I didnt try to read it all at once
AGAIN!
If you havent, read Fallout Equestria next
I couldn't put it down
I just read it, and its great
Fluttershy`s voice > my voice in my head when i read
Long haired Lauren Faust is a beauty
08,1lol is that a good thing?
Shorthaired Lauren Faust is an ogre
I read it with the Character voices
that I couldn't put it down?
YEAH!
Hey guys.
or that we think your voice is sweet? YEAH!
what LTF?
I was just saying hello.
Also Hello
06,15I'm considering uploading that Cloud pic to my Facebook... hmmmm....
Rainbow-Dash, I will propably tomorrow
DO EET!
Do it nao!
it's too awesome to hide
06,15Haha, alright.
Well I'll see y'all later,I was just seeing who was on,I've got some stuff to take care.
Be back later.
but seriously, a blonde Hero with a Buster Sword riding on a Unicorn?
bye LunaTheForgotten dont be too long ya hear?
AWESOME!
"Princess Celestia is racist because she is a giant pure white pegacorn ruling all the smaller multi-colored ponies with her giant white horn"
later LTF
yeah CR rox!
Haha he summarizes the article pretty nicely in a few words
i just wanted to watch that again
LUNA, CAN WE WATCH IN ON THE STREAM LATER?
also sorry fo ALL CAPS
*for
06,15Uploaded to Facebook with caption "Cloud Strife going to war on his mighty steed Sleipn--... I mean fashion style Rarity."
06,15Pretty decent, if I do say so myself :P
All those that (felt horrible after/still feel horrible because of) Cupcakes, should read "The Light in The Darkness". http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
It's considered the Anti-Thesis to Cupcakes
/me shows his "Cupcakes Victim Awareness"-Button
Help all those Bronies and Pegasisters that had to live through that Nightmare
Thank you for your attention
/me sits back down
IGNORE ME!
Every minute, another innocent child falls victim to "Cupcakes"
06,15Haha, not ignoring you, was checking it out
*victim count makes it to 1 million*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=XwtHeNlINV8
06,15I wasn't bothered by Cupcakes though, it's just a fanfic, nothing true about it.
This guy's
Choice of music
Is great
06,15Oh lord....
WE MUST PROTECT OUR NEXT GENERATION FROM SUCH DEPRAVITY
haaaai
* little girl going "Giggity giggity" *
That bubbles live reading...
When does it get sad?
Or did they change it?
rawr
Aww I missed VP
06,15Haha, oh lawd, I didn't know people would like my Rarity pic so quickly...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=gVIoEaZNaU8
Hi everyone
/me cries
Why are you crying, Luna?
07,01dat youtube link
Wow that song
Wasn't here for it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=gVIoEaZNaU8
WHY MUST THIS FANDOM BREAK MY HEART
Inorite
It's done it so many times already
im watching it now...
That song
2,14 meh
07,01added it to our playlist
Val the heartless
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=nVOo9xeBJuo
2,14 I will have you know I am rack filled with emotions
2,14 just it takes more than cheezy attempts to hit me
That video is wonderfully edited
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NbrTFr5VrI4
eh, not likin it so far. im a minute into it
http://youtu.be/NbrTFr5VrI4?t=2m29s
okay, now its funny
ADAMANTIUM RAGE!!/You're in my spot.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fWBpt1Zf4Y&feature=player_embedded
so much lultz
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T4cRyxea-c&feature=related
MANEIAC
Luna, have you seen the Avenue eQuestria videos?
07,01I think most i've seen yes
Have you ever added them to the playlist?
07,01most are in yes
Cool :)
07,0123 mins before showtime!
better get some snacks then
07,01^^
Guys, watch this video real fast. I used the timestamp to make it start at the point of the vi im trying to show you. THIS SONG has been stuck in my head ALL day today. It's the song that should play as soon as you cliock this link
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iK9nTmt1pWQ#t=35m55s
^ So epic.
Anybody else talking?
naw
I'm just suffering here on my own
Oooh
Stomach is a' hurtin
I know what'll cheer you up
Watching nightmare moon get pwned in a new way
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iK9nTmt1pWQ#t=35m55s
watched it
ah
didnt see much difference
but again I only watched each episode once so far
Well if that didnt cheer you up then i don't know what to do
^Yeah, but the music was awesome and stuff.
07,01this: i've watched about 20mins of this and while i give you an A for effort in making a more "serious version" of the cartoon. you weren't able to execute it as well as i'd liked. as it has already been said the music over powers the speech quite abit, the video color is off(i'm a video editor myself and i don't buy the "youtube screwed it up" line when i could fix an issue like that
7,1in 20mins and reupload),and alot of the music score seems out of place as in doesn't﻿ fit the scene. good effort though
07,01is pretty much how I feel about it
2,14 meh, I just wish it did more than change the music/color
^Isn't that one of the comments?
07,01eeeyup
Wb Dusky
07,01that's why I said this: :P
And yeah, the whole thing was a little disappointing for me. I just think the last part was good.
I thought it would be more epic
07,01I just cried...
07,01http://i.imgur.com/kgXwv.jpg
07,01:(
2,14 yeah I saw that one
that me cry aswell Luna
07,01god...
so what are we to believe? that it's just pinkie pie being pinkie pie or that?
07,01It's not that well drawn.. but the story... so sad
who was the pony who became sick?
well the style was fine but the expressions were confusing
Probably just a random friend
2,14 I choose to think of my Equestria as Cancer free :P
free cancer? where?
Better stock up while you can
/me beats the crao out of sickness before it reaches Equestria
I was thinking about this today while having breakfast
luna that's SO sad
07,01I know...
How there's no real "evil" in equestria
Luna
We are going to take Equestria
For example, the villains aren't exactly violent
AND PUSH IT SOMEWHERE ELSE
resident evil: equestria
Well it IS a kids show don't forget
But I think that's not entirely accurate if you take the Hydra trying to eat ponies into consideration
Yeah, that too :p
wouldn't it be fun to have celestia chasing you with a rocket launcher?
Im sure if it were a real place, they would get sick and die just like humans do
and there could be violence
and what not
Its not a good thought though LordCelestia
Yeah, i know
and good thoughts are good and bad thoughts are bad
Fun things are fun
2,14 I love fun things
Id rather read a fic where the ponies kisk ass and save the world
than a fic where its sad when someone dies
kiss or kick?
then again, wouldnt anyone?
kick
*kick
not kiss
comedy fics are my favourite
That might be why I notice small details like how they put orchestra in the background when they were defeating Discord, and thought it was epic. :D
2,14 so, is there any possibility of Thundercats today? :3
i'd rather read a fic where friends are just friends doing friendly things.. that's what an accurate fic would be like
Oh and has anyone noticed how RIGHT before they stone-ify him, Twilight says "There's no doubt it's worth fighting for!" and MAYBE, that's the creators throwing that in as a reference to the "PonyCraft 2" video, which earned a LOT of fans to the show?
2,14 eh, I think that's just a coincidence
what do we want? A GIRL WORTH FIGHTING FOR!
I dunno
the show HAS been altered due to brony fandom before
to be friends with ofc
just look at Derpy becoming a mail carrier, and being crosseyed on purpose? that was all Lauren Faust
that was cause of bronies, too
The target audience has simply shifted to us
2,14 yeah, but that's basically the only example
mail carrier is coincidence.. derped eyes is intentional
Whatever the case is, it was fun hearing twilight say it.
If the target audience shifts to bronies
2,14 I think we're looking WAY too much into it
The show will become a disaster.
No, mail carrier is what people called derpy
Not officially though
WE NEED TO THINK DEEPER
I want an episode featuring Doctor Whooves (with Derpy)
2,14 Mail Mare is what we gave her, what they put on the show is a mare who helps move large items
faust even admitted that she knew about the derpy mail thing. it was probably her shoutout to us
but they animated the scene first.. then they went back and changed the eyes.. if you're talking about episode 15 and such (i think that was the one anyway)
I think it's cool they make references to us here and there but if the show starts catering too much to the adult fandom it's gonna lose everything
i am pretty dang sure..
06,15Yay stream!
STREA
lol wowhead.com :D
^ i know
2,14 derpy's existence is a nod to us, yes. But other than that they aren't throwing things in for bronies everywhere
STREAM!!
yay~
Yeah, i expected nothing more though
someone likes to play wow ;)
07,01how did you notice so quick :o
Hm stream?
06,15I had page open, lawl
2,14 Luna: the stream now automatically updates
I heard the sound
2,14 so when the stream starts, everyone hears it
bam It's there Luna
Same here RobotPinkie. Constantly loading
it changed instantly
i think the thing people don't exactly realize is that they ALWAYS had those references around.. unless we were reading too much into that as well (i doubt it)
I'm pretty sure if you click play on the stream, it automatically loads anything that appears
2,14 the only thing they altered was derpy's appearance. The episode still had a pony drop stuff on Twilight, just they changed it to derpy for the bronies
2,14 everything else is just us drawing way too much
not to mention that they know what they're doing and wouldn't be so dumb as to change everything
moar musics
awesome!
I know, but one or two shoutouts here and there would be really funny!
Derpy is a friend of the finer things in Life (she was at Fluttershy's model appearance
HOUSE!
woot House :D
they extracted the soundtrack from the episode!
Too bad the recent seasons have been getting progressively worse...
a few shoutouts here and there is perfectly fine.. but the show hasn't changed cause of it
most shows make references and tack the show onto them.. MLP makes the show and tacks references onto it
who was on the photo, Luna? ;)
ah, I think I remember this one
07,01what photo?
your profile pic
2,14 is anyone else getting stutters?
07,01yea am working on it
was ujust about to ask if im the only one getting hiccups
2,14 roger that
06,15Ah okay.
lo all
I am but that's normal, so not even jelly
kid will be the patient, in house-verse a bloody nose means you're as good as dead
06Roger that let me try it with another film
06LIFE IS A BOX OF CHOCOLATES
06ANDMY NAME IS FOREST GUMP
THIS IS THE TALE
06I AM NOT THE SHARPEST TOOL IN THE SHED
OF CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW
06,15THIS WHOLE TOWN'S A PONY
hey sumi Violet
NOW BACK TO THE GOOD PART
06,15JUST WAITING TO GET... i dunno
06Hallo Flaschen~
06WAITING TO GET BUUUUCKED
06;D
EPIC
:D
This song has been in he head all day as well http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nff3Bj09glk
THIS WHOLE TOWN'S A TREE
WAITING TO GET BUUUUCKED
I'm sure Fluttershy` would like being a tree
lol
but not getting bucked
yeah, that'd hurt
LordCelestia, that OST is awesome
we on a backup again?
It is. suprising thing is, i originally found it in a brony video, but i recognized the sheer epicness from the movie
Is the stream up atm?
dont think so
One of the things the Bayformers had running for them was good music
I'm willing to bet that a lot of the music was simply from Immediate Music
probably
i literally almost cried in sheer awesomeness when they used it during the battle in the movie. it was THAT good.
so nothing the Bayformers really deserve credit for
i don't have watched Transformers 3 yet :I
you need to watch it
I haven't watched any of the 3
and I plan to keep it that way
I don't give them the credit for them. Just say it worked good to use them
watch 3, forget 1 and 2
i will
lol
accept 1 Erase 2 and watch 3
That song is amazing, LC
I KNOW RIGHT!?
then purchase brain bleach, AMIRITE?
Thats why I posted that other video twice earlier. It just made the whole thing 50 times cooler
For that you would have to nuke your brain
I really wish you could make backups of your brain
that would be so awesome
Soon
indeed
and then I could forget ever reading Cupcakes...
/me shudders
2 is an Eldritch Abomination
so true
it's terrible
or make an epic alternate ending where RBD breaks free right before the evildoer begins and kicks her ass
xD
it's really well done, but it's insanely disturbing
or royal guards storm the basement. either one
Just read this http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html Flutterz, it's the ANTI-Cupcakes
there are about 20 alternate endings
i read one where Applejack broke into the room and saved her last minute
but killed pinkie with a self-defensive kick
read that one LC
the sequel to that is kinda sweet
Yeah, its pretty sweet
UH!
suggest awesome stories i have to read
FLUTTERZ! THIS IS GOD! READ "THE LIGHT IN THE DARKNESS"! IT WILL HEAL YOUR SOUL!!
No seriously it's awesome READ IT!
I will
but later
im reading it now
or now. since the stream isn't up yet
But I still doubt it will make me forget what I read
Wait, why am I listening to God if I don't believe in him? o_O
it won't make you forget. It helps you get over it
good stories to suggest?
anyone?
Once Bitten Twice Shy
TwiShy shipping tho
Also GOD was myself! since God isn't spelled "ALL CAPS!"
I've been fooled!
THAT would have been LORD
IMPOSSIBRU
VioletVanilla, I just scrolled up and saw what you said
What are you smoking?
I love technically loopholes
Lol
She was quoting a song Rainbow-Dash
Oh, it just looked like a rather threatening burst of energy to me
:P
06Everypony calm down~ ;3
I forget what it was called but it started out as a pirates song and started geting random.
06WHIS IS THE TALE
06OF CAPTAIN SUMIIICA
06PIRATE SO BRAVE
06ON THE SEEEVEN SEEEAAASSSS
06c;
VV you are sooooooo random
FOREVER
Flutterz, note the Trollestia in the background
yep
Flutterz have you at least BEGUN reading it?
nope, not yet
told you
l8r
I have it open in another tab though so I wont lose it
/me irckiller
ANF = Accidental Nigthmare Fuel
Dude
SPOILERZ!
I've read cupcakes
not scary, just kind of sad/depressing
i'm 12 and what is this
PONIES
xD
those who read it, propably know what I mean
also it has it's own TVTROPES article
Cupcakes?
Or the light?
Warning: TvTropes can/will ruin your life/dictionary
both
Already has
which one?
yes
MATHEMATICIAN ANSWER
dictionary
life's fine atm
FOR NOW...
:|
Still streaming?
well, we TRUE COMPANIONS need to stay together to go through the hardships that Life and the BIG BAD and his DRAGON throw at us, right?
no stream here
Meh
too bad there are no dragons irl
I'd get myself a pet dragon
and send mail to Celestia
LMAO I just read the part where she says "My Little People"
how cool would that be?
in the fic
I just started
My Little People My Little People aaahaaahaaaaaah
Did Pinkie ever call Dash "Dashie" in the show? If so when and WHY DON'T I REMEMBER!
My Little People
I use to wonder what a town could be
used*
My Little People
Until you all shared your money with me
:D
Big Investments
Tons of stock
tons of guns?
A beautiful porsche big and strong
Its the only time I can think of for now though..
thanks Rainbow-Dash
"Shes not a tree Dashie!"
Sharing torrents it's an easy feat
and money makes it all complete
My Little People
Do you know you are my very best fireeeends?
I thought it was like the thing with Kakashi in the FanArt (where the hell did that red scarf come from? Srsly, nobody knows that bit!)
hay bros
long time no see
Hey Zeph
hey Zephirdd
now back to actually reading rather than reimagining theme songs
hey Zeph
Hey Zephirdd
Zeph you read yet "The Light in The Darkness" ? I'm gaining new readers by the day
One day I have to tell the Author that bit
how many chapters so far?
it's a oneshot
oh its not yours :P
i'm gonna read it
linkmeplz
some call it the anti-cupcakes
I love one-shots
I just read "A Drop of Moonshine"
by Pen Stroke
hilarious
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
ninja
xD
lol
hi dcd
HEY NewDCD
9 I need help
yeah, but my link has an awesome PICTURE!
Hi DCD
Hey DCD
help is what we're here for
Did someone say... HELP?
9 Kamen Rider with an Applejack form. Split between having his finishing move be either "Dynamic Bucking", "Dynamic Buck", "Blitz Bucking", or "Blitz Buck".
Because, Friendship is Magic
9 Opinions?
Lol
Dynamic Buck
number 2
Dynamic Buck
Everytime I read "Buck" I see an F
ohai stream
STREAM!
HOUSE
ohai
but yeah, th 2nd is the better
no more hiccups, thanks Luna :)
IMO NewDCD i would go with 2nd as well
In House-Verse a bloody nose means you're as good as dead
Omg
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brony_%28My_Little_Pony%29
2,14 though the sound is a little weird
just a bit
:O!
is this where she faints?
06,15ohay LunaShy
oh hai lu'
/me meows at Luna
Luna:
/me hugs Luna :3
07,01yes?
9 Did Flutts and Luna do the fusion dance when I wasn't looking?
lol!
/me hugs Luna and Zephirdd
omg
fusion ponies
WE NEED DAT NAO
LOOK AT DAT BLOOD!
inb4 "and that's how discord was made"
discord is more like a massive fuckup lol
is it just me or is the video at avout 95% speed?
>mfw I've seen this episode on brazilian TV already
I USE POLYMERISATION!
07,01your right :o
06,15It's running very slow, yeah.
IM BLOODY BRILLIANT
I FUSE THIS SHITTON OF THINGS TO SUMMON DISCORD
07,01better?
Disqord = Q
yes
2,14 much better
yes Luna
07,01goodie
I use some card that negates your polymerization!
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF-
/me rages and rips his cards into pieces
LUNA, I have a video sugegstion.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8a4ZAXeWJY
and since I can bend the rules any way I want, the monsters you sac'd stay dead
discord is a bunch of enemies who fused to defeat a common enemy.. but after that discord as they were now known had the power to do anything they wanted
and I direct attack you with the super-powerful monster I have all of a sudden
lol @ Foreman
ohey i downloaded that.. didn't start playing it yet
07,01work smart not hard
07,01haha
06,15Haha, oh lawd
2,14 I like that rule :P
Gotta love the early episodes :D
06,15Liking Chase in this episode....
so we cun make you all betta'!
Yu-Gi-Oh! The game in which the special ability of the hero is to CHEAT at the main game
Ohey this is this episode
*The show
/me just drew Pinkie on the biggest and most important Company whiteboard
I feel horrible today.. :(
why?
well done, Allis :)
what happened, Rainbow-Dash?
Nothing happened. School is trolling me though
Whys that?
Plus, there is just to much on my mind -.-
aw
School has a bad habit of doing that
The worst part is that most of the stuff on my mind is pony stuff
http://fim.413chan.net/fim/src/129883436019-so-much-pony.gif
write it down to get it out
Half the stuff on my mind when it wanders is about cupcakes QQ
9 also
Strange Story ideas? Rainbow-Dash
awesome :D
9 out of money though, and I think the toys are ending their run over here, so I doubt I can get Dash and Pinkie to complete the set
06,15Hey NewDCD: http://i.imgur.com/5e3w3.jpg
Its a mix of alot of things. Combined with the fact that im bored and dont want to anything that doesnt involve ponies.
06,15Wish it were Faiz or something, but it works :P
dat Doctor Vision
I envy you, RobotPinkie
06,15For the ponies, or the Cloud Strife figure, Flutterz? :P
The Ponies, I'm not too big on FF :P
had the same happen to me with Transformers (seen the 80's movie again) Wrote it down and got it so out
lol "turn the hoes on you too"
Is this the one where the dad is taking steroids?
06,15Yeah I have 9 brushables and one fashion pony... Collection is looking pretty cool so far.
9 today I had Ayame ride Twilight and Kasumi ride AJ. From DoA
2,14 this is the one where it turns out she has lupus *trollface*
Another awesome pony game video
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4YsXm0zq3HQ&feature=related
"Stop hitting on my girl, boy!"
:D
06,15I'm so kicking you for spoilers, ValtheJean :P
9don't like the brushies because I suck with them
2,14 :P
9 > She
It's never Lupus
/me would like a kiss from Cameron
9 no the ep in which someone has Lupus, it's a guy who has it
06,15I'm thinking of doing a video tutorial for Rarity's hair.
How funny is this tha... FUUCK
9Also RobotPinkie
Wait! it IS Lubus this time?
dat freeze B|
Lupus
9when you get Faiz
9Have him ride the Fenrir
9do it Filly
07,01exploring!
9 just like how I'll have Itchy-Go ride Kaneda's bike
I'm slowly making a My Little Pony: Platforming is Magic game
06,15Oh I will... but I'll also take pics of Faiz riding ponies, NewDCD
haven't had much practice recently, so it's taking a while
06,15I have a stand for Cloud anyway, so
Chase is jelly
wtf
9I'm obviously having Itchy-Goe ride Twilight
stream works great on my PC
but not on my VM
9I also had Gurren Lagann riding him earlier
9but I'm waiting for my new phone before taking pics
9 since it will have a much better resolution camera
06,15Faiz needs a badass bike, so yeah, he's definitely going on the Fenrir until I have a KR bike for him
Not in bed together
under a bed together
06,15Yeah, my phone has a real shit camera, unfortunately :(
lol what's Reven?
It's the boy!
I call it
If I'm wrong then I shall...
2,14 damn, shit just got real
ohai chat
Hey Derm
9>Getting Bike
9>Faiz
9 so far only the Cyclone (ver. THE FIRST) and the Hardboiler are non-Tamashii Exclusives
06,15Aw, damn....
9 so if you want to get it
9 well
2,14 lol...a null value
And then Val was null
I like this #null_val
9 prepare to fork over a pretty penny
06,15I'm still not that up to date with what's available
ohai NewDCD
06,15Oh there is a Tamashii exclusive Faiz bike, NewDCD?
I can't bleed in public xD
I've got no time to bleed
Need to save world
you feel too self concious? lol
>mfw I think I recognize the actor in that room
07,01yea he looks familair..
same
I KNEW HE WAS PREGNANT *Lierjack face*
lol
wat?
06,15....wat?
http://maskedrider.weebly.com/3/post/2010/10/new-sh-figuart.html
2,14 lol she went to a play
lawl
9Seems there's a figuarts Autovaijin
Greggy, you are sooooooo random!
9 and it transforms
9I'll look into it for you
House joked the guy was pregnant
lol
blasphemer
hahahah
THIS IS BLASPHEMY
so I used that for a joke
THIS IS MADNESS
Madness?
2,14 lol, the levels of trolling on this show are awesome
THIS
IS
THIS IS BRONYSTATE *KICK!
SPARTA!
lol
#bronystate
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
>MY FACE
WHEN
damn, I overposted :P
06,15Damn, NewDCD.... that does look cool.
a flash update fixed my lagging
UPDATES NEVER FIX ANYTHING
Valthejean, I have your Brony Movie Night Intermission bookmarked
oh no, there it goes
Its funny...
2,14 awwwwww...tank woo rainbow-dash
Y does the boy kid looks like Justin Bieber?
The music + Derpy makes me lol
Val does something during intermission
because that is Justin Bieber
no house today?
Justine Beaver
wait, it IS?????
If anyone wants to listen to that transformers OST in action, heres the scene right from the movie http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpLDwWQRFns
house is running
w00t
9okay Pinkie
9October last year had them revealing they were working on the Autovajin
6_9
its a tumor
9So the thing is: it's not released yet.
:O
or a tumor
07,01wait what...
2,14 it's naught a tumah
07,01a placenta in a bottle O.O
06,15Ah okay, haha, that's almost a good thing NewDCD.... you have no idea how much I love Faiz
Heavy. can. you. show. me. how. to. make. Sandvich?
wait
9 and still no news if it will be an exclusive. With a transforming gimmick that takes so long to engineer, though, I doubt it will
SANDVICH IS EZY
TUMOR
who linked me to that Pinkie Pie fic again?
9Since they'll want to be able to sell more
JUST PUT MEAT ON BREAD
yup
Thank you
06,15Yeah, true
lol
o.o
LOL?
House Dubstep
I have the weirdest grin in my face
lol
2,14 swedish advert?
wait what?
06,15Dutch
07,01actually it was dutch
it's a warm ending rite?
07,01and no way to avoid it :(
im well confused over all these different rooms and stuff
2,14 blarg...swedish...dutch...I always mistake that
yea ^^
what was that anyway?
An AD
besides an ad
where did it come from?
Luna?
9>mfw my package departed FedEx Smartpost location today at 12:17 AM.
06,15I understand both, so... I can distinguish them fairly easily :P
07,01my browser
House is such an awesome troll.
I'm pretty sure
9>mfw it was in Orlando, and is supposed to be heading for Doral
Boy is creepy
9>mfw it hasn't arrived yet
that in Win7 you can control the volume of different applications
06,15Did you order something cool, NewDCD?
including browsers
VERY CREEPY!
9Free shipping, guess you get what you pay for eh?
07,01lol
go into the bronystate room
that is the main chatroom
o___________________________________________________o
NewDCD: mfw you realize it's fedex
hey hey you you I wanna be your boyfriend
07,01yea... I had a package being underway for 3 weeks
2,14 that kid knows what he wants
AND PERVERTED
:D
this kid needs social services too
That kid apparently thinks he has game.
that kid has real stones
06,15Nice kid.
/me looks into upper right corner
2,14 inb4 the BOY was being abused :P
Were I Cameron, I'd be all "dude, you're like a young Bieber, gtfo"
I would never do something like that
rofl Critic
9 Had to choose free shipping because I have to pay like 3-6 bucks to the local shipping service
06,15Nice, NewDCD
2,14 it's naught a tumah
06,15Hope it arrives soon
9 so actually playing for good shipping would make it too expensive
9 me too ;___; I want Itchy-Go to bro it out with Twahlaght Spahkleh
9 That said
DAT ASS
06,15Haha, I want those pics when you get it, NewDCD!
:S
9 Robot did you see the full retard figuarts review from last night in which the three THE NEXT Riders Triple Rider Kicked Hasbrolestia?
/me goes back to playing a 2008 game he has.
:'(
07,01:o
what happen Fateful?
07,01scary kid
06,15I'd love to get Shin Ichigo too, but I want Faiz first
DAT KID
Oshit, Bieber Jr is getting violent
Rofl
06,15and yeah NewDCD, I saw the link
Wait no, XANATOS Planned that Illness to rope the Gargoyles into his services to get a magical artifact, that he will use to make more money
too many hormones in him
chop his balls off
And the Kid is his main Henchman
if he is Bieber, that is
9 Pinkie: gotta make up for that total affront to justice
Only then He can become Bieber, or what Flutterz
06,15That's especially why I want to take pics of Faiz riding ponies, NewDCD :P
06,15For great justice!
Kid is on Steroid
then we can stop the confusion
*Steroids
you know, how some people think Bieber is a dude
He strangely is, just like Bill from Tokyo Hotel is one.
why is the next ep in 16 days o0
lol
too skinny
It's CN evil plan to destroy us!
Aha, I have the diagnosis: she's been impregnated by a face-hugger
lol
9also Pinks. DAT TUMBLR http://fuckyeahkamenpony.tumblr.com/
the only cure is a shotgun
buckshot
Nah, not close enough to SPace or the Arctic
SPAAAAAAAACE
Agreed. Best if it's done quickly, too, to avoid infestation.
And if you have to use some special Ammo, use Dragon Breath
06,15Haha, is that yours, NewDCD?
07,01brrr brain surgery...
06,15I'm bookmarking that right now
DAT DECISION
BURNING WHILE BEING SHOT!
9It's not
9but I just asked them if they'd read Wyburn
DAT BLUFF
Solid bluff
DAT DAT
yo dawg
2,14 lol, you know House is out of cards when you can tell he's trolling :P
But rolled a 1
Oh god House
07,01LOL!
....XD
ROFL
Bluff BOTCH
2,14 good fucking god this show is amazing
Best show with a Doctor character :P
except a certain british show
nope.avi
06,15lawl
just chuck testa
:$
Dance magic dance!
So it was the Teacher?
:|
Nope then
06,15Have they replied yet, NewDCD?
Guys, I'm not watching the stream. SO if I say anything irrelevant I can't help it. :/
We need a David Bowie Pony
07,01we need a David Bowie movie
wait not possible
DAVID BOWIE!
06,15We need Labyrinth, then
He would be without "THE AREA"
wait
07,01eeeeyup
who's David Bowie?
06,15because of Bowie's pants, if nothing else
06,15:O
07,01lol
07,01RP!
@Sexymeter Silvermane
REVOLVER NEEDS TO BE EDUCATED!!
2,14 you killed your children by loving them
06,15What, Luna? :P
Fff I wanna watch house
07,01he's banished
Rarity killed him in one abridged series
what?
he said her tail looked better on him
LOVE KILLS
2,14 deh stutters have returned to meh =/
06,15Looks fine here
so she killed him with the scale
Troll.
Ok
Let's see
fuuuuuu
06,15House is pretty much.... trollface.jpg personified.
It's gotta be my VM
Seriously
HOUSE IS LIKE WAT?
9Dude, Pinkie
9I've just seen the best pop-up book
9EVER
http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lql9jzgFJo1qkm3xxo1_500.jpg
06,15Does it have both ponies and KR, NewDCD? :P
http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lql9nuMT7U1qkm3xxo1_500.jpg
So what eventually caused the kids
http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lql9sgSC3r1qkm3xxo1_500.jpg
06,15Haha, oh wow
http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lql9xwOjRY1qkm3xxo1_500.jpg
straight from TvTropes
http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqla7wwtMk1qkm3xxo1_500.jpg
that is Nice NewDCD
http://29.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lqlavmwJ5E1qkm3xxo1_500.jpg
9I wish wyburn was famous enough to have its own TV Tropes page
9sadfrog.jpg
stream died
daww
07,01nope
K rider worth filling up my hard drive with DCD
is it paused?
pause
dat beard
06,15Haha, I kinda want that, NewDCD
need more beard
9I'm surprised that was made in the 70s
06,15It's that old? Wow
FLUTTERSHY`!!
leafon!
ITSA ME
06,15Ohay Flutterception <3
Mario?
07,01TOM!
not Tom!
WE LOVE YOU! AND FLUTTERSHY`too i guess
/me hugs Luna
mirc=best
07,01dingding
06,15LunaShy is credit to team!
Draw me a LordSealestia
:D
as in LC seapony
07,01I am
i am
me
Me. :o
same here
Meh
06,15I'm not listening
Obama?
I am not NOT listening
but they can't hear you asking
07,01<<
06,15Oh wait I guess I am
I definately do
Not much
heard of him
a lil bit
were are we supposed to be watching the stream btw? Cos on dinkypage i dont geta a stream
07,01yyyyy?
9 Pinkie I have something for you. http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpz36tGNOG1qkm3xxo1_500.png
/me pokes Silvermane
07,01insert switch to bronystate.net
/me hands out the pokeing sticks
/me pokes silvermane
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with a large trout
/me pokes Silvermane
9Insert: read the top of the dinkypage. We moved. A few weeks ago actually.
/me pokes Silvermane
/me doesn't follow directions
FLUTTERSHY`, it's another time! Can I have a Lord Celestia Sea Pony now? Lord Sealestia?
HEEHEE
/me pokes Silvermane again
ive been away for a fgew weeks
How do you describe it when you're at the same time horrified what you're looking at yet stil laughing at the awful puns in said image you are looking at?
06,15Holy fuck, NewDCD, I love that someone's made a Faiz pony :O
WHY AM I BEING POKED
/me Silvers Pokemane
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with a large trout
07,01it's ALIVE!
/me kisses Silvermane.
ON THE MOUTH
/me pokes Silvermane again "YOU WILL LISTEN TO FLUTTERSHY`"
ohmygod mrchang
LIKE A BOSS
haha
MFW I'm POPULAR AGAIN
WITH TONGUE
IN CHEEK
wait, what?
where on bronystate.net do i go?
07,01theatre
GOD DAMMIT I WANT LORD SEALESTIA
trolololololo
www.bronystate.net/theatre
then pick any room
08,1plz listen in Silvermane <3
ah k
dammit, fine give me a moment, need to swap things on the ps3
Thar be stream!
the message is here before she says her new nickname
<3
TIMEWARP!
:O
seriously, were all of you yelling at me to get on because she was talking to me?
08,1boo
DO THE TIME WARP
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with a large trout
yes
found it
07,01dat sticky note
9 Pinks, for youhttp://s3.amazonaws.com/data.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpgj0uK5Y51qkm3xxo1_1280.png?AWSAccessKeyId=AKIAJ6IHWSU3BX3X7X3Q&Expires=1317331843&Signature=CouBKqDji2%2FcFmZ6WGVFunkNnHM%3D
07,01FOR THIS WEEKEND!
07,01BMN BMN BMN!
And I thought I used them efficiently...
With just two words in them
I BOW TO NO FALSE GOD SILVERMANE!
07,01huzzah!
Yeah, he only bows to me!
Ident'd!
/me IS THE KING OF SHIPPERY
and luna too, i guess
yay?
NEITHER TO YOU LORDCELESTIA
/me sucker punches Silvermane
ooohh i liek opshuns!
^ignoring
/me eats Revolver
ONLY TO LADY LUNA
bow chicka wow wow
omg i just realised i have drink for tonight!
......
06,15HAHA, oh lawd
/me bows before Luna
FLUTTERSHY` READ FRIENDSHIP IS SEXY!!
06,15Nice one, NewDCD :P
i love you fluttershy
Oh Fluttershy`! Mom says do your homework!
/me bows to Luna as well
The Light in The Darkness
Lord Sealestia is sexy.
ITS WHAT IT IMPLIES!
06,15NO
pls
Fluttershy` trolololol
07,01I liked Past Sins
06,15GOD NO
/me starts singing the Backstreet Boys.
/me thinks Silver is a Jive Suckah
READ IT
I DARE YOU
06,15Yeah why not continue Past Sins?
/me wishes for The Light in The Darkness
07,01<< me
Nope
Me
me
nope. Chatzilla.
i'm on Mibbit
Irssi here
would be if i wanted to open it up
I like my colors too much
XChat
06,15XChat
Slap?
06,15lol
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
07,01:o
READ THAT ^
I know about the Pimp Slap button
/me slaps Fluttershy` around a bit with a large trout
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with a large trout
9Pinkie: because the only logical progression would be to make Nyx into someone that feels NO FEAR, NO PAIN
lol
9SHE SHIELDS LOVE TO THE VERY END
/me slaps Diftraku around a bit with a large trout
/trout :P
/me slaps Veewave around a bit with a large trout
9 also http://29.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lpif56ycEr1qbt4teo1_400.jpg
.
/me is immune to freshwater fish
..
...
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with a large trout
06,15I meant for Fluttershy`, NewDCD, she started reading it last night
07,01suddenly...
stream died!
BAH
08,1FlutterBro13 are you listening in too?
07,01fluttergone!
/me eats the trout cause he is hungry
ya
08,1ah!
08,1D:
/me slaps Revolver around a bit with a large trout
flutterbye
Would you read it? Maybe not today
flutterHI!
08,1well I'm still going live
but sometime
06,15Oh lawd, NewDCD :P
08,1is it back up?
08,1o-o;
yes
07,01yes
yes
iyesh
I'm saving my first trout to that special someone
FLUTTERSHY` Read Chapter 1 of Past Sins, and then some of http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/05/story-progress-luna-versus-microwave.html
oh hell no
Yes he is
yep
mom says yep
AWESOME
too
/me slaps FlutterBro13 around a bit with a large trout
hell to the CELESTIA DAMN NO
I think she is lying
06,15Work hard, pony hard
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html after Past Sins CH1
mom says YEP
LordCelestia, what are you talking about
please Fluttershy` I beg not often
:P
mom says hi
HI FLUTTERSHY`S MOM!
Hi mom!
like saying god damn
07,01she wants to hear your read
but celestia damn
hi flutterma
Fluttermom?
hey Fluttershy`'s mom!
Hi Missus Shy
or in my case, ME damn
Doitfilly
06,15OHAI FLUTTERMOM
OHAI MISS SHY
dat mom spam
Fluttershy`, FlutterBro, and FlutterMom...
rofl
07,01Wait we have a entire Flutterfamily soon!
Is there a Flutterdog?
LMAO
Fluttermom needs to be part of caht
*chat
DONE
There's a Fluttercat
Quick, get IRC!
YAY!
they all live in their flutterhouse with fluttergrandma
Are we appending random words on the end of Flutter now?
XD
lol
/me slaps FlutterMom around a bit with a large trout
lol sliver
07,01that stressy voice
Fluttershy`: Kik eet
ECHOING HORRIBLY
XD
06,15Damn, I need to watch more KR Faiz sometime tonight....
called it
Nice Silver, nice
Little Red Riding Flutterhood.
FLUTTERSHY`! DO THE DISHES
lol "dork"
Fluttershy` could you at least show teh EqD for this: http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
RUFF!
Young Lady, you do your homework right now
mfw the flutter family in chat
/me is going to register this name
RUFF!
mfw the chat derp'd
FLUTTERFAMALY POWER
/me kisses FlutterDad
Flutterdog, be quiet, im disciplinining
07,01wtf :o
06,15Aw, too long
OMG
*whimper*
ummm
Is flutterdog courageous?
ah the reverb
What the?
OGAWDMEHEARS
Dat noise
oh hi fluttermom ;)
EspyLacopa, he's purple too
THIS IS UR FAULT
MY FAULT?
06,15That works.
/me is deaf now
YEAH
Sounds like flutterdog is the best dog ever then.
HOW
headphones going on for the sake of my flatmates
/me continues to be a house
FlutterOak
you're the one who wanted another one!
^justkidding
to stupid
Yes, sweetheart Fluttershy`?
rofl
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html show it please Fluttershy
/me runs up to Fluttershy`
my ears are slightly bleeding but nthing too big
hi mom
06,15Original?
hi dad
Fluttermine.
THERE
FlutterToast
^
FlutterDIE
FlutterDragon
FlutterButter: Better than any old butter!
Heh
hi granny
YOU'RE ALL GOING TO LOVE ME!
I WILL KEEP THIS FOR NOW
06,15Every day I'm flutterin'!
MAYBE LATER NOT
/me dances
lol
fluttercord, master of shy chaos
oh god its family reunion in chat
WHO KNOWS?! http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
:D
^that sucked
LINK SPAM
yo dawg
DashWithRainbows: Isn't it wonderful?
I herd you liek flutter
EVERYONE BELOW THIS LINE SUCKS _______________________________________________---
hey, stream's up?
so i put flutter in yo flutter
Futterreuion
06,15Okay, enough of that :P
including me...
so you can flutter why you flutter
meow
while*
/me meows at Luna
/me glomps Fluttershy`
/me chases after FlutterCat
RUFF!
/me glomps Luna
FlutterLuna?
HELLO DEAR
/me uses inception on Luna
/me glomps Luna again
/me it's super shy...
it's super effective!
/me glomps Luna
Dat brotherly love
teehee
BYE FLUTTERBRO!
<3
im still here
O.O
06,15Bai FlutterBro
I know
06,15Well yeah
HEY FLUTTERBRO'S FACE?
/me uses Splash
but you aren't on Skype in stream though
06,15But bai from voice :P
srs bzns
these Flutter-ship fantasies are getting out of hand
SHY, you draw Lord Sealestia RIGHT NOW
The flutters in this channel are /crazy/
/me is confused now
i know espy
hi
lol
oh god
wait
ohgod
/me evolves FlutterFish
FlutterPayne is no more :(
I'm not a shipping name
so you're writing a Shipping fanfic about us?
awesome
yeah you are
07,01HOUSE!
MrChang is your dad now
YES
DOUG
AAAAAWWWWW YEAAAAH!
It's lupus
06,15HOUSE
SPENGBAB
yep
lawl
LUPUS!
06,15TWO STUPID DOGS
EVERYBODY LIES
POKEMON!
EVEN ME
06,15MLP
SPAM
CATDOG!
06,15I win
GIR!°
yay
GIR!
yay
06,15lol
no wait, it was CatDog
yay~~~
spam
06,15Where was it from?
>.>
DOOM SONG?
....
~~~lol~~~~~ drowning person
I dervered that
SING ZE DOOM SONG!
/me TROLOLOL <3
sing it again
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with a large trout
/me is immune to freshwater fish
06,15Oh okay, I couldn't hear what she was saying, lol :P
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with FlutterFish
06,15Well, one chapter a night?
please
It's not long enough!
there is about 400 pages in the series of Past Sins, Fluttershy`
/me put the fish in salt water first
READ THIS
or ask us
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
/me hits the chat with FO:E Ch 37
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
sorry
07,01no spam plx
92 pages in that chapter
apparently I made a smart idea
Flutterdad haha
I am bored
nice
YAY ME!
yes, stop with the spam :[
06,15No linkspam, or we'll have to send out our robot sea ponies to get you.
the one I posted is short
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/05/story-progress-luna-versus-microwave.html is light, doesn't matter if you follow up on it, and is funny
SHOO BE DOO
TARGET LOCKED
ONCE a week
make a weekly reading
SHOO BE DOO CANNON ACTIVATED
once a week
Fallout Equestria plz?
it's too good to rush through with us all
like the one I POSTED
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
/me read the fic in one day
last time
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
/me yells "LYRICAL MUSINGS
"
It's not
that isnt cloppy
just try it
its not gory
D'awww.. clop clop nono...
read anything
just not Cupcakes
:(
some clopfics are good
NO gore :D
no violence
the worst is implied nightmare violence
at least entertaining
Al Gore?
Fluttershy`, after that try http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/07/story-lyrical-musings.html
lol Pinkie apoligizing for cupcakes pic on :D
Fluttershy`: its the remedy to reading cupcakes
dat narrow
it's fairly short
07,01Hummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
and sweet
HMMMMMMMMMMMMM
/me !
yes
YES
oui!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
<3
john madden
/me is CRAZY
<3
uuuuuuuuuu
but it's good I PINKIE PIE PROMISE
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with a large trout
/me sucker punches Silvermane
aeiou
did she just pop?
/me is immune to freshwater fish
bibibibibibibi didiididididi
/me agrees
99999999 9999999
CROSS MY HEART AND HOPE TO FLY, STICK A CUPCAKE IN MY EYE!
So, are you gonna read the story or not!?
I'm a STEGOSAURUS
/me slaps Silvermane around with a large sea bass
flutterdad, chill bro.
What the hell is happening?
THROW THE CHEESE!!
Damnit, but its comforting
it's LOOSELY based on it
flutterception Lagmobile
how about this then, Fluttershy` http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/07/story-lyrical-musings.html
IT'S NOT EVEN GORY
it's comedy
I LIKE TRAINS!
i liek turtles
shipping of course
06,15I'm shocked
it's clean, trust me
mine is without shipping
THE PIE IS PIE FLAVOR!
inspired by pony threads...
Fluttershy`: Unfortunately, most of the fics I read are grimdark and long
THE CAKE IS A PIE!
im fine with shippers, but NOR GORE
IT'S FRIENDSHIPPING WITH MINE
*no
try this http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-once-bitten-twice-shy.html
fly over mine at least
As long as no one get creative...
/me reads everything, but shipping and random are the only types not full of blood or sad that i read
06,15Buzzards who can really buzz, and pies who can calculate pi to an accuracy of 5000 digits!
ROBOTPINKIE
FUND IT
06,15Haha :P
lol
9 Pinks
yes Fluttershy`?
What needs funding?
He's lying
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RJBNwHoXQns Fluttershy`
9 dat WIP Figuarts V3 http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lodjkdcy9W1qkm3xxo1_500.jpg
/me is full o' sad
/me is sad
It's only like 25 pages. it's clean too
stop talking about my
rofl
arm
you want a short fic? I can find some real fast
Silvermane is lying
i have a mountain of printed fics in my room
Your not alone Veewave >.<
i'll go find a small one
*squeek*
06,15Oh lawd, I want that, NewDCD
I'm sorry I wasted your time
fuck you -_-
06,15I pretty much want ALL of them, obviously......
justkidding ^^
Im scared...
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/03/story-bubbles.html
FLUTE
/me pokes Fluttershy`
Silvermane, how much ink does it take to print all of them out?
FLUUUUUTE
dat flute/ recorder
you scream like Fluttershy, btw /)^3^(\
OCARINA
i said it first
And I thought it was a good idea, since it isn't bloody or too shippy
06,15Fluttershy` played the Song of 2 Bits
and squee like fulttershy...
whistle
She's a Pony
NO ONE PLAY THE SONG OF DOUBLE TIME EITHER
FUNKYTOWN?
I have 'Eyeless' by Slipknot stuck in my head
Diftraku: oh man that is one of the best songs i have heard
squee like Fluttershy!
please :D
07,01NOOOO!
got it on mp3 always listening to it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnAtBxpihOE Hey fluttershy` listen to this NOW
Glaze - She's A Pony
NONONONONONONONONONNOONOONONONONNO
NOOWWWW
why?
Spam
Spam
spam
^stoppit
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnAtBxpihOE
i came prepared for the spam
06,15Yeah please don't do that :P
WATCH THIS
/me pokes Fluttershy`
take this!
/me pokes Fluttershy`
06,15or walls of text
Maps
http://f00.inventorspot.com/images/1559606_340_1116081430036-spam.jpg
I mean Spam
EAT MY SPAM!
then why dont you watch this? its fun
06,15Distractipated?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnAtBxpihOE
hey
who wants to know more
/me is a distraction
and totally not a rick roll
mapS | Spam
i just wanted to feel involved...
TASTE THE RAINBOW MOTHERF**KER!!!!
YAY
/me sobs
cool
im LordCelestia
Either let us decide or decide yourself Fluttershy`
:D
we all llove you too <3
07,01yay
Rainbow-Dash, i don't know how much ink, but i don't care. school printer
/me is a figment of your imagination
/me cries in a corner
O.O what's going on?
So much loving
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnAtBxpihOE LOTS OF LOVE
/me can't find any /short/ fics that are really good
its called flutterception
we want you to read somthing
streamception
go to #bronystate
how short do you want, Fluttershy`?
for main chat
Daw.
/me dissapperated
A lot of people say that to me
I had one
sing Winter Wrap Up! pweeeese? :)
WHAT'S GOING ON?!?!?!
Light In the Darkness?
but you think it would be bad
Hey DARK_HEART
thats pretty short
and not bloody at all right?
those tabs...why are so many
/me 5 pages. What genres or types do you refuse? cuz Skittles fits that
I just got Déjà vu
Weird
Thats no where near as many tabs as me...
06,15This stream has dangerously low levels of sea pony
Lag?
Can you sing 'Duality' by Slipknot?
SHOO BE DOO
Soo be doo this b*tch up?
all in favor say YA
xD
NOOOOOOOOOOO
SHOO BE DOO
06,15YAY!
/me kicks Fluttershy` from /his/ channel
Wait
06,15Haha
Winter Wrap Up!
Sing 'Psychosocial' by Slipknot
06,15Oh show him!
/me cries at the concept
lol
O.O
We're still stuck with the same problem
please?????
/me twitches
06,15HAHA LUNA
insta-mute activated!
Teehee.
/me flipped out, searching for his remote
already is
tv is now muted
"I'm a vampire! I'm a vampire! I'm a vampire!"
/me relaxes
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
dont worry applejack's just tripping balls
06,15Look at that awesomeness Silvermane
lol
will you sing 'Psychosocial' by Slipknot
Cool pics brah
06,15Luna is playing Sea Ponies, Fluttershy` :P
06,15Or she was, it's over now
08,1.....
08,1>>
08,1Silvermane
Winter Wrap Up! >.>
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
08,1Is it safe for me to speak again?
links
06,15You can unmute now :P
so many links
who wants can read this
why so many links?
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with a large trout
06,15It's safe, Fluttershy`
all may speak here
I can't speak though
08,1Silvermane UNMUTE OR DAAIIIGH
is this what i think it is
06,15Yep
LORD SEALESTIA!?
lol
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with a large trout
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with a large trout
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with a large trout
/me slaps Silvermane around a bit with a large trout
uh oh
http://f00.inventorspot.com/images/1559606_340_1116081430036-spam.jpg
slaps Spam
WAKE UP!
eat my spam!
BAN HAMMERD
ON THE MOOOOONAAAA
/me unmuted
yes
/me is scared of Fluttershy`
/me is whipped
what a creative story title!
Oh got the Spam, the meat in the can, tastes awful
what?
as proposed by me, it is a Ham Banner
Dash?
Fluttershy`: The new story
07,01do eeeet
06,15No spam, next time kicking boots go on.
Fluttershy` read http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-trixies-favourite-pony-and-other.html
Proceed in thine act
i would love to hear you sing
The colt version?
I challenge you to sing 'Dead Memeories' by Slipknot
Only if you draw lordsealestia
afterwards
yes ?
yay~~~
:o
/me is only half-trolling right now
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-xP7WLya3DKI/TmcwB7Di5CI/AAAAAAAAB8k/2YvEmZUhzZM/s1600/the_nightmare_is_over_by_microgrid-d42gsgi.jpg
<3 and props
Im singing along wth you
/me is ready
pic to the fic
ready
/me mutes
Ready~
JUST KIDDING
Red Leader, standing by!
06,15mybodyisready.jpg
O.o
bow chicka wow wow
body prepared
RED 5 STANDING BY
Is someone singing about Sea Ponies?
/me body is being prepared
I am not ready for this.
GAH
STUMBLE
this calms the cockles of my heart
Better than I would sound
...Is that Luna singing?
WINTER WRAP-UP
...
no its fluttershy
Ive sung tis outloud in the middle of the cafeteria today...
06,15It's Fluttershy` singing
'CAUSE TOMORROW SPRING IS HERE
Woot
GAH
and didnt get beat up
GAH
/me dies of diabetes because of Fluttershy`s voice
I feel accomplished
07,01D'awwwwwwww
Better than I would sound
you're doing great!
/me waves nonchalantly from the audience
I sing this everyday when I wake up.
07,01now at the Gala please
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-trixies-favourite-pony-and-other.html
/me is d'awwwing so much.
Ahh, stumble!
;)
/me hugs Fluttershy` "IT's okay
I sing this all the time
and i suck
DO IT FILLY
you can do it
we all love you and believe in you!
imma say GAWD everytime she messes up
No DO AT THE MAGNETO
YAY
LAGMOBILE
FUND IT
I wish I could still sing, but everytime I try it feels like a get a hunk of phlegm in my throat and throws me off =[
Can you sing 'Dead Memories' by Slipknot please?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVIoEaZNaU8&feature=feedlik
At The Gala!
07,01dudududud
xD
doodoodoo
GIMME SOME
SHOO BE DOO
lalalalalalalalalalala
SHOO SHOO BE DOO
/me hugs Fluttershy` "It's okay"
I wish my high school chorus club didn't have a grade required participation in an after-school concert type thing.
well goodnight guys:D
AND WELL BEAT UP THAT GUY MAGNETO
night meteor
WAIT
I KNOW WHAT SHE NEEDS TO READ
and well have sex
you should have a part in MLP
Night meteor
what Silver
Lagmobile: lol'd
nope
06,15NO, SILVERMANE, NO!
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wbfjXDucsCCISqLF_psOEAEuEKjCwqFguVHzhb04RmE/edit?hl=en_US
do dod od od od ododod odo do
NO SILVERMANE!!!!
GAWD
I HAVE COME TO DELIVER THE PIZZACAKE
WELL FIGHT MAGNETOS MINIONS
WITH COMEDY
Fluttershy`: Shoo be doo.
06,15lol
doodoodoo
Love 'em
dodododododo
I heard that giggle!
doodoodoo
06,15Best pony verse
I WILL MARRY THOSE DOO DOO DOOS
yes
lawl
INTO THE GALA
doodoo
She's having trouble not laughing while singing.
METAL THINGS
xD
PRINCESS!?
/me gives RobotPinkie a /special/ pizza
HOW DARE YOU
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html They that want to read this, can
WELL TALK ALL ABOUT MAGNETS
Herpy Doves
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gVIoEaZNaU8&feature=feedlik
AND METAL THINGS YOU SEE
06,15....I don't dare to accept that pizza, PizzaPony :P
MAGNETO
HOW DARE YOU CALL ME PRINCESS
ROBOTPINKIE 20 BITS
06,15NOWAI
everyone loves Derpy
...Prince Celestia?
06,15Yay Fluttershy`!
woo hoo
/me MFW she didnt know about PizzaPony
Thank you
Damnit, I can't stop giggling at the Magneto stuff. xD
Who has the flutter soundboard?
07,01Heya Baka!
/me is made of magnets and friendship
06,15I can tell you know that song well
lets watch some videos
yes she does
/me needs to get Fluttershy` the 'Pizzapony (Silvermane) x Rarity' fic
you should hear ut
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hzBh0J1YFU <-- A song about magnets. And Lobsters.
Friendship is Magnets: How does it work?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hul4pJo_z-8&feature=related
Hey Luna =D
this calms the heart
HEY, after this song, go to the bronystate page and see your stream in their stream in your stream in their stream etc.
STREAMCEPTION
HEY, after this song, go to the bronystate page and see your stream in their stream in your stream in their stream etc.
I don't care anymore, everypony already knows the link
Didnt brad do that on 4pp?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wbfjXDucsCCISqLF_psOEAEuEKjCwqFguVHzhb04RmE/edit?hl=en_US I LIKE TO SPAM PIZZA FICS
07,01do not want
It didnt turn out well...
did someone say spam?
it's 7 pages of Random/Comedy
http://f00.inventorspot.com/images/1559606_340_1116081430036-spam.jpg
^
the fluttershy song?
:3
do "my name is fluttershy" :D
lets watch videos
you mean SO MANY WONDERS
"Tide goes in tide goes out; you can't explain that."
REQUEST
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FnAtBxpihOE
daaaawwww
awwwww
Aww
Oh the FLuttershy squeaks...
y u no take video requests?
farewell
NOE!
/me hides
YOUR WHINING!
that's not whining!
/me has been tortured by Fluttershy`'s squeaks whilst trying to sleep. she's good at it
IT-IT HURTS!
REQUEST: LORD SEALESTIA
PLZ
/me votes for a game of HangPony
left claw north, RIGHT CLAW SOUTH
no, you do Rarity better :P
sprry
/me loves her squeaks
great Fluttershy
but your Rarity is better than Pinkie
/me smiles
/me loves fluttershys squeaks and squeals
/me daaawwwws
/me gets the chills mega time when she turns that voice on him
IMPOSTER
WHAT
Or amazing.
THAT WOULD BE AWESOME
says the LORD
Prove it
Nevah!
our irc updates faster then the onscreen irc
/me prepares moon cannon
too loud
thats strike one!
:P
/me sabotages mooncannon
/me hits on LordCelestia
Pretty damn Fluttershy-y to me.
"Hey baby."
Lagmobile: Wait, does that mean we're time traveling
SPY SAPPING MY MOON CANNON!
??
/me hopes it is a female who beseeches upon him
ForgottenVisage: you do know LordCelestia is a guy?
Maybe...
if not, into the cannon
NOW
will you read ANYTHING ANYTIME SOON?
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wbfjXDucsCCISqLF_psOEAEuEKjCwqFguVHzhb04RmE/edit?hl=en_US
No!!! http://images.cheezburger.com/completestore/2011/7/21/ef15658c-0f51-487a-afb3-3be9cc1088bc.jpg
READ IT
Nyan Cat cant do that!!
/me LOVES YOU FOREVER
"I'll be whatever you want, big man."
-_-
i can not trust Silvermane's links
theres so many links
SO MANY
click ALL the links!
wow shes quick at reading
/me slaps ForgottenVisage around a bit with a large trout
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/story-light-in-darkness.html
She must be a master of speed reading.
...
/me is squeaking in fear
Light in the darkness +1
/me has never read it
provocative fluttershy is provocative
im guessing it involves pizza of some sort
/me needs to hide pomf as his /mother/ was in the room
>.>
+1 for light in the darkness
OUI OUI OUI OUI!!! SPEED READ!
SILVERMANE
WHAT ARE YOU DOING
LordCelestia, that's not my mom
07,01lo Stone
Dammit I missed it.
I AM SILVERMANE'S MOTHER YOU TROLLOP
07,01just in time for the fanfic reading
Oh.
SILVERMANE YU NEVER TOLD ME YOU COULD SHAPESHIFT YOUNG MAN
/me pokes CrystalClear
wow...
07,01alright and now normal reading? :)
holy crap
/me is ready
oh hey luna, didnt know you left
GO for it!
07,01I left?
/me afk
07,01I never did!
MOAR IRC LAG
or you just didnt post for a long time
ITS NOT MY FAULT THIS TIME
either way
07,01indeed
I SWEAR
/me will accept any punishment if it turns into scary shit
IM playing pinkiequest in the background to this
i shall do the same!
06,15I think I'll punish you regardless
If it does turn into some scary shit we should make Silvermane watch the Grifter Video
Use "Bronyquest [No BGM]" instead
Pinkie Pie stores her energy in her appendix?
Did the reader reherse this?
Revolver: make Silvermane watch babes in toyland with full volume
>..
Kill Dash now.
06,15What's "The Grifter video"?
SPOILER: this "Story" has teh plot of Twilight and Pinkie bake a Pizza.
DashWithRainbows, shall I prepare a Synchtube room for our beloved Silvermane?
:P
lol
/me THIS FANFIC IS ABOUT HOW I GOT MY JOB
just remembered: Who do I ask about getting some streaming software?
Hey reader, did you reherse this reading?
im lost
/me WORKS AT 'LITTLE CELESTIAS'
READ IT OVER
GREAT STORY CONCEPT
Alright.
READ SKITTLES
/me IS SARCASTIC!
Taste the rainbow
/me HAS CAPS LOCK STUCK
im eating skittles right now....
So apparently I missed out on Past Sins. Oh well, snot happens.
Another +1 for Light In the Darkness
stonegaze, she hasn't read it yet
Mine has actual TENSION to it
a conflict
Streetlight Manifesto?
what is going on ive been afk for five minutes and then this happens
yawn
YES!
ok
ooo
07,01<<
PICTIONARY!!
I was
I give up
wait
i wasnt
LUNA
I was
/me flips some tables "LEZDODIS!"
do I ask you about streaming?
This could be fun.
yes
/me is about to turn of stream
sure
hell yeah
Ill join their team :D
06,15I'm... half here
wut..
LORD SEALESTIA NOW DAMMMMIIIIITTTTT
06,15Looking at pony stuff
I was foolish, made mistakes. Monumental ones.
You have my attention now Fluttershy`
Regular users are...GO!
your excuse is good enough RP
LORD SEALESTIA PLEASE
I REQUEST A PICTURE OF PINKI GIVING DERPY A MUFFIN. :I
06,15Regular users will win easily this time, lawl
Pinkie*
HEROSPIRIT: I HOPE THAT ISN"T AN INNUENDO
Herospirit, where did you come from...
06,15I still have chocolate muffins left, thanks for reminding me!
So what's the thing we must guess? Just the characters or somwthing else?
Oh hey Herospirit
dat megaclick
im ready
yay.
06,15it's a smiley
sure
06,15Shocking, I know.
Sorry Dash
ME!
Me.
Looks like something that Val would recognize
Me
I AMN
IAM
ME!!!!!
ME
*done spam*
06,15I'm kind of participating
I'm still pondering Silvermane's comment
07,01leafs
Tails
leafeon
06,15Flower
07,01pizza?
a fish?
what?
So, has anyone tried making pizza with candy corn on it?
boobs
How... how could than even BE an innuendo, Silvermane?
eyes
06,15um... Thunderhooves sea pony?
/me is part of what now?
;..:
it's aSPIDER
a crab
06,15Orc?
SPIDER
06,15Dragon?
metroid
metroid?
kabuto
Cockatrice?
Mushroom
CRAB
METROID
Snake!
Metroid
:0
OH GOD
It's a snake!
HIPPO!
turtle
kabuto pokemon thing
its a HIPPO!
hippo!
HIPPO!
snake face
06,15Pretty sure DashWithRainbows got it
oh man
AWw yeah
/me claps
1-0
Darn. Those sharp tetth mislead me.
/me brohoofs DashWithRainbows
/me brohoofs back
;)
:) *
06,15Mushroom
07,01wings
is it a pony?
lugia
06,15lol
fluttershy
/me ITS ME
rainbow dash
06,15SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE
pony
a tail
snivy
a mane
MY MOUSTACHE!
lawl
......
yay
lawl
ahahhaahah
Which one was it.. Rainbow Dash or Fluttershy?
its a message!
silvermane
Where yo curly mustache at
>.>
silvermane!
06,15It's a troll!
That he is
who likes bananas
/me loves Fluttershy`
Fluttershy` is a troll!
07,01apple
he is a mm beeyetch that likes bananas
I like bananas
07,01banana
06,15banana
BNANAS
banana
Jigglypuff?
banana
BANANA
yellow curved fruit!
lol
banana
oh darn
i said it before anyone did
/me picks up Fluttershy` and eschews to the bedroom
07,01WAT!
.......
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
06,15WHAAAAT?
><
><
><
07,01this smells!
It's two "C"s
BEEEYATCH
06,15lol
07,01smiley
disapoint
angry face
unamused face
Valthejeans face
look of diapproval
Look of Disapproval
:D
UNAMUSED
07,01bunny
Angel
pokemon
BUNNY
bunny
angel
Angel!
06,15angel
/me is ashamed of nothing
aw
ANGEL
06,15damn
RABBIT
pikachu
TRIX RABBIT
BUGS BUNNY
/me is still trying to figure out how Slivermane thought "Pinkie giving Derpy a muffin" was an innuendo
wut?
ME!
06,15HAHA
Gasp
/me wins
i sish i had a brony sister
*wish
herospirit, too much effort
06,15CHEATING!
06,15:P
I wish I had a pegasis
....
cloud
rd cutie mark
cloud
RBDs cutie mark
cloud
it's a cloud
Cotton Candy Cloud?
07,01muffin
muffin
muffin
cupcake
MUFFIn
Muffin!
MUFFIn
CUPCAKE
cupcake
CUPCAKE
PIE
07,01Woooo!
CREPE
GOD DAMIT
chocolate rain
It better be a muffin, and not a cupcake
YAY FOR LUNA!
Considering the color
1-1?
Muffin...
Are we playing draw my thing?
YES
I have 1 point
horn
07,01Luna!
LORD CELESTIA
rarity
06,15unicorn
Unitard
celestia
narwhal
unicorn
LORD CELESTIA
Celestia!
it's RARITY
zunicron2
nightmare moon
06,15molestia
trollestia
LORD CELESTIA
trollestia
CELESTIA
TROLLESITA
trollesetia
dah fuck
ME
LORD CELESTIA
07,01party hard
LUNA
TO THE MOON
Banana face trollestia
silvermane
To da Moon!
yes Flutterbro13?
yay~
silver
God damn it silvermane!
you had me goin there
flutterz
lagmobile, what?
wat?
no wait
07,01RBD
Applejack
06,15Justin Bieber
07,01oh
07,01lol
rd
wins
hahahah robotpinkie
colt
bishe
06,15bijin
a Silvermare
Bishonen
STALLION
bishonen
Stallion
Yaoi
oh
oh darn
Dermathil, love you
lol
BISONEN
BISHE!!!!!
wait
SEXY MALIOEEE
me
hahahah
I win!
YESH
06,15That's a sexy YOUNG man
GOD DAMN MY SLOW TYPING
06,15lol
Yes I knew that...
I said it first D:
Lagmobile knows his anime...
06,15or well beautiful, really
/me wants to know why people are saying his name
HEROSPIRIT said it first
And Herospirit, apparently..
lol
06,15lol
/me was the winner of the slow typer's contest two years in a row
kicked, not banned, right?
Fluttershy`, todays images are a product of unholy trolling
http://f00.inventorspot.com/images/1559606_340_1116081430036-spam.jpg
MAPS
><
bring it on
You are drawing things that look like something else while they are being made
No tinned meat for you
06,15No, if you get autokicked enough for spamming, you get banned.
i just spammed you
umad?
/me hugs Fluttershy`
RobotPinkie, oh shi-...
HAHAHAH
/me is feeling silly
a wild silvermare appears
/me hits Silvermare so hard she becomes a guy again
Is that a pokemon wallpaper?
yus
JAKAL
You laugh like a fighting game villain :0
luna
Luna!
JACKAL
narwhal
/me eats FlutterBro13
Dammit
06,15lol
LUNA
ITS A JACKLE!
Nightmare Moon!
NMM
yay :D
pretty sure its a Narwhal actually
finish it!
Lagmobile was right
he can see over your shoulder...
07,01yay
Yay
how the hack do you draw so well? o_O
lawl dat typo'd name
yay
silvemnane?
wtf?
her bg
HAHAHA
Argh
thats... just bad dude
made for the sake of confusion
in the name of discord
muahaha
Its a good thing that was Fluttershy, I had my volume turned up
Curse you luna!!!
about everything
its Leafeon!
Silvemnane, try siIvermane
Tom!
a diamond
TOM
06,15DUMB ROCK
I can't even draw a decent stickman
Oh HAI TOM
Leafeons are so fraking cheap...
siivermane with second i capitolized
lol "LET'S ROCK!"
/me was doing something important
/me ...
it comes up as a I
ITS A BEAUTIFUL DIAMOND!!!! ;) <3 (trolololo)
DISCORD
Fluttertree
stantler
/me doesn't remember what it was
ANOTHER JACKAL!
discor
deer gardener
06,15discord, yeah
STANTLER?
stop drawing Narwhals
discord
/me says it's me!
07,01bambi
ITSA MOOSE
07,01lolo
2 for me
06,15Flutterz got it
its a frog
nope
06,15ohwait
Priceless!
/me hugs SiIvermane
/me is hugged
Mustache
/me goes back to fighting chaos for the good of all intelligent life
cat
Fluttershy
06,15FLuttercry
Fluttercry
/me reverse glomps Fluttershy`
SAD FLUTTER
raritys cat
applebloom
FLUTTERSHY
narwhal
Or Fluttershy..
dont remember the name
siIvermane let us cause chaos
07,01Woooo
Fluttershy`....
daawww
DONT YOU DARE FINISH THAT
yes, we shall
06,15Yay!
It was
trippy!
/me brohoofs siIvermane
Keep drawing it
/me brohoofs Silvermane
yawn
aaaaawwwwwwnnnn
/me pushes Herospirit out of the window
lol
:|
THE GAME
the game
/me pushes Rainbow_Dash out a window
didnt see the rest
/me lost
YOU BITCH
:[
06,15I won!
/me won the game
WHY?
typed with eyes closed
Who did this? Who'se the slimy twinkle-toed teabagging little scumbag who just signed their death warrant!? WHo made Fluttershy cry!?
wow!
06,15BOOM!
/me has lost the game
i actually done it
The game is over
SiIlvermane, you lost the game
Meh...
/me pushes Silvermane out a window
We all win the game
IT'S THE CIIIRCLE OF LIIIIIFE
congrats
07,01Flutterbitch was awesome
didnt lose at same time as i closed eyes
gilda
/me pushes herospirit out a window
I cant be Rainbow_Dash anymore because a bot has the name
herospirit, why?
You did that to well...
ujelly?
-
06,15Yeah, Flutterbitch was funny as hell
spike
Narwhal
/me flies away out the window
RARITY
spike
06,15flutterbitch
/me is immune to freshwater fish and windows
APPLEJACK
/me is back from re-reading
GPT
TRIXIE
TRIXIE
fluttershy discorded
/me is back from re-reading 'Russian Sleep Experiment'
Don't say that!
flutterBEEEEYAAAATCH
F*CK
flutterbitch is bitch
close
Beeyetch
Acorn
07,01acorn
you did the-what-now?
acornjack
acorn
06,15Applecorn
07,01ajack
scrat
acornjack is best acorn
lol
G'night, I be hitting dem clouds for tonight, dead tired
night
07,01night Diftraku
Night drift
night dift
g'night.
07,01see you soon
good night
goodnight Diftraku !
06,15night Diftraku
lol
lol
youll be back later xD
unamused applecorn.
/me feels the love
Fluttershy`
disapproving applecorn
Publish it to Paheal
I will be, in 6 hours :P
heart
It will get through and shine
07,01heart
:P
07,01love
07,01passion
taco
07,01:D
/me assumes idle
....
WATER
*poof*
WIND
07,01FIRE!
/me throws Diftraku out the window "Bye~~~!"
EARTH
wings
07,01angel
Its another Narwhal isnt it
.....
LET OUR POWERS COMBINE
OWLOICIOUS
dragon
hm.....
PARA GOOMBA
owlowicious
06,15Flutterpotato
i cant spell xD
I DID IT
Owlowicious
:D
/me teleportals
06,15No, definitely Flutterpotato with glasses
What is it with you and potatos?
lol
RobotPinkie: how did i not see that?
Fluttershy` would you draw Kamina and Shadow, during the scene where she has locked herself on his chest and he starts walking, ignoring her?
EevEE!
06,15I have guessed potatoes once, I'm pretty sure, and that was now....
just random
07,01cat?
FOX
WOLF
nah im staying with Eevee
Narwal
KIMIKP
VULPIX
KIMIKO
Eevee better than your cats
KITTY
shadow
A football playing king in space!
Lol
.....
VAPOREON
FLUFFERSHY?
07,01fluttercat
AISHA
flutterfox
RARICAT?
FLUTTERKITTY
fluttereevee
AISHIA
FLUTTERCAT
oh..
06,15aw damn
07,01HAX!
/me wins
HAXXOR
no one remembers Neopets?
/me abused his knowledge of fluttershy` IRL
/me pokes Fluttershy`
06,15FlutterCHEAT is the correct term!
/me see's flying computer go past "wut"
I do Lagmobile..
Can you draw Archimedes?
06,15lawl
Not something I would of thought of though
dragon
hmmm
gummy
GUMMI
gummy
dat spam
gummi
gummy bear
Archimedes is MEdic's pet pidgeon who likes to scurry inside MEdic's patient's guts.
GOD DAMNIT
Stonegaze: its a dove...
Keep getting ninja'd...
Oh right.
lolwut
06,15shrugpony
shrug
kah lis ee ah
I dunno
RAINBOW DASH
SHRUG
/me is turning off stream now. BYE FLUTTERSHY` <3 <3 <3 <>34
SHRUG
bye silver
later Silvermane
2 points for LordCelestia
Night Silvermane
i didn't say getting off
you're not alone
/me slaps SiIvermane around a bit with a large trout
bye Silvermane !
i said turning off stream
you're NEVER alone
BYE FLUTTERSHY`!
difference
im not leaving dont worry
^
oh
moo
COW
NO
no
No.
then your just a douche sivermane...
no
yes
how dare you
okay then
HOW DARE YOU
Lagmobile, wtf dude
of you want
06,15Haha, you can rest, Fluttershy`
pinkie
but im barely drunk yet
07,01pinkiepie
06,15pinkie
lagmobile, i have other things to do
You people are overworking Fluttershy`
aint no rest for the weary
pinkie is not amused
Jerks
pinkiespy
Making us think your leaving
06,15mad pinkie
I wuz frist
that's your own fault
i just said turning off stream
that's all
ofc this is pinkie :P
Do you know any MLP song you could sing for us?
07,01jackpot?
applejack poy
pot*
you got everyon all worked up
Hmm...
lagmobile, you are worked up
08,1>>
08,1<<
08,1Silvermane
Hey
SiIvermane, PM Fluttershy` and mess with her
Yes?
am back
Oh hey SuperBrony64
08,1your name got stolen....?
what?
no, im talking to myself
08,1......
hey SiIvermane
......
it did
Hey silvermane
head... asplode...
he's strange
THERE ARE TWO SiIvermane
fluttershy is disappoint
how's it going, SiIvermane
very good, silvermane. how about you?
/me my mind...
doing good as well SiIvermane. How's school
.....
/me your mind...
Silvermane is a troll
Just about the usual. What about you, me?
hi
i mean bye
Aww.
Flutterbro13, what do you mean?
i think Silvermane has multi personality syndrome
:(
NOw what do we do?
tiem for Housis
Stop it, your tearing a hole in spacetime
at least theres a stream
/me divides by 0
Silvermane isn't a troll, Silvermane is though
i was worried id have to go to bed
SiIvermane and Silvermane are just fine. scroll over our names
08,1....I see now
08,1>>
Yea, me and I are fine now.
:D
What are we watching.
/me glomps Fluttershy`
House
Thought so.
I think...
If you aren't sure what's going on, assume it's a House opening.
looks like House...
its house
Yup its house
Brain overload
ninja!
/me is still here
cronic indecisiveness
/me was not kicked
06,15lol
/me is proud of his trolling
inb4 Lupus
07,01inb4 ban
Why would you kick me? I thought we were fireeeends?
/me gave SiIvermane the idea
seems good start
Oh god
At least bfore i start spaming lupus...
/me is very annoyed at LORDCELESTIA and Silvermane for trolling her together
remember all the lonely nights you spent in his embrace?
Yes, I have to admit that I gave me the idea to be me.
:D
It would SUCK to get her to consent to medical procedures
hey guys!
08,1Or rather SIiVERMANE
....
Your late cosmic
slivermane?
sliver?
my bus was late lag!
Yes, silver?
what's up SiIvermane? She giving yo ua hard time?
My mom is now taking my laptop... mebbe
Fluttershy` I still hope you will read my fic suggestion, at least privately
06,15and his father before that
Yeah, she appears to have banned me.
it's too good to ignore
you aren't banned SiIvermane
house!!!
is it lupis?
/me is distracted
its lupis
And neither are you, silvermane
Thats my line
/me knows how to fix this
no lag, its the internets line
No its your face
wait..
lol
stfu
brb
http://i.crackedcdn.com/phpimages/article/8/9/3/91893.jpg?v=1
^oh der god
oh mein gott
da fuck EspyLacopa ?
my sexuality is being threatened...
/me facehoofs
Reading an article on Cracked.com.
07,01what the....
"The 6 Most WTF Special Edition Comics Ever Released"
06,15Yeah, you read it for the articles....
Yeah he does!
/me Brohoofs RobotPinkie
it does if you get an auto-downloader
There's an app for that
lol
wow
06,15lol
timing
beck, whats up #bronystate!
hey CosmicDashie
The sky
06,15Foreman's dad knows what's up.
brb too
hmmm i have an urge to play fallout
but its house..
so many things to do
Flutterz, what do they say about great minds?
they think alike ;D
06,15I want to play ICO, but it can wait, because House
Cosmic! :D
flutterz!!!! =D
mfw ouse marries Wilson
06,15Wrex!
house*
06,15Fluttershy!
everyone!
=p
06,15Sheppard!
foreman's momma!
haha time to rape my "save image as" button
on ponychan! =D
:I
06,15Call me crazy, but that looks like a bad symptom
nah its normal
Naaah
I cough blood all the time
I cough liters of blood all the time, IT'S GOOD FOR YOU
06,15Seems legit
anyone heard the ibringdalulz song "this is why.." ?
DAMNIT PAYNE
gets rd of the bad blood
YOU NINJAAAAAAA
just like leeches
oh House is back on
06,15Bad blood, runnin' through my veins
Haha. Sorry hero
Lupus?
"It's healthy cough-blood."
ITS LUPUS
its lupis forshure
ITS ALWAYS LUPUS
http://i.crackedcdn.com/phpimages/article/8/9/8/91898_v1.jpg <-- lol
06,15It's lapis lazuli
Coughing blood is like pre dinner mayonaise
06,15I've played enough Minecraft to know this.
It's good for you
lol robot you made my day with that
06,15Yay!
dat pre dinner mayonaise
its good for you...
Espy.... what
anyone excited for fridays movie night?
special event =3
maybe?
yes?
06,15Yeah, definitely
06,15:P
i shure am!
But what IS it.
Tell me about it herospirit. And they say "it's bad when you cough blood, payne". "You should go to doctor payne".
Mods opinions don't count.
06,15You'll find out.... SOON!
herospirit: Don't you want to know how to yell like J. Jonah Jameson?
07,01SOON!
Yeah Payne. But /they're/ the kind of people who say broken bones are /bad/
hey its luna!!!!
/me glomps luna
=3
/me is streaming
/me meows at Luna
luna stream is best stream
xD
07,01Nahhhh
What do they expect me to do? Start wearing breathing mask when I remove asbestos?
07,01Luna stream = fridaynight stream and is House stream mostly
LIKE A BAWS
Is there going to be an after party?
house + fridaynight = best stream
/me blushes
07,01thanks..:$
Luna is awesome
=D
^ this
/me hugs Luna
http://i.crackedcdn.com/phpimages/article/9/0/8/91908_v1.jpg <-- This is how the GODS make vegetarian meals.
Yeah Payne, that'll happen when /I/ start wearing a /helmet/ when I'm on standing on top of busses
Chatting from Chem Lab :D
06,15I think I get most joy out of Luna streams, too.
Why does vegetable soup have 1/4 pound of ground beef?
06,15I love House, and I love ponies, and Luna streams both
07,01Woo!
therefore luna stream is best stream
Hm
it's the vegetarian soup of ASGARDIANS
my calculations dont lie!
Luna stream is love stream
oh i love my internet now
07,01So... tomorrow we will wrap up Season 3
Nuke the shit outta her
EVERYONE loves LUNA
06,15Yay!
Already?
downloading, seeding, streaming and irc ALL AT ONCE
07,01yep
06,15Season wrap up!
07,01season 4 is even shorter!
house is so awesome
i may get burned at the stake for this... but someone should stream true blood....
EAR CTARACTS?
HELLO EVERYONE
hi randall!
07,01hi Randall1160
not this again
oh no
06,15I like True Blood, too, but if I have to choose between that and House it's definitely House
I'll be off now. see you all.
House, ask more questions!
Ha, Daniel Craig burn.
07,01See you Stonegaze
06,15later, Stonegaze
bye Stonegaze
BRb gonna bring this up in another window
Ow! I fell back in my chair and broke a window with my head. I'm going to the hospital now, bye.
07,01!!
Turns out this app doesn't support multitasking...grr
07,01Get well soon!
i agree pinkie, buuut i would like to finish seasons 2 & 3 of true blood and bronystate would be an awesome place for it i think =p
06,15ouch, fuck
Erm
Sounds like Lupus
What did I miss everyone? :P
Good luck Halisia
06,15Oh Kalisia left already
07,01gone already
really wish i could stream
06,15Hope he/she's alright
o.o
Who laced her BP tester with acid?
that sounded so wrong when i was in a different room
07,01never leave your screen when House is on!
07,01First lesson!
i had to go turn on my light!
/me brohooves Luna.
Right on..
otherwise i couldnt really see where my phone was
06,15Oh wow.......
I poured ethyl acetate over the table :/
i kinda like Wilsons ex
Them docs dun goofed
lol, love this show
06,15That's some serious dun goofed
Luna, I dont want House simply because I never have
If im gonna watch it, I wanna start at the first episode in the first season
07,01Well we started at season 1
06,15I dunno, you can pretty much jump in anywhere, I'd say
Hmm
06,15at least this early on
Oh well, this app isn't working well :P. Talk to you all later
06,15Later, SuperBrony64
why is wilson teaching foreman
06,15Because Wilson is the baws
Because she will die and Wilson is the doctor who deals with dying patients
07,01^
what's wilson's department again?
Um...
Oncology
they fucked up
^
they fucked up bad
Oncology is Wilson's dept
foreman failed persuade check
Patient is enraged
06,15I think he did a good job
dayum
06,15But it doesn't really matter
Unarmed skill too low
he really is ghetto!
lol then he went rage mode
*AngryGloveThrow*
I remember what it was.
Me too
i havent seen any of this season
what did I miss? was just brushin' mah teeth
06,15Damn.... this is bleak
It was so simple
i forget what season i started house
im going now guys, its 12:16 am and i have school. its been fun tonight as always and i shall return tomorrow!
06,15Welcome back, Fluttershy`
hi fluttershy`!!!
also I want to apologize to the whole chat for trying to force my choice of fanfic onto all of you
night DashWithRainbows
07,01see you tomorrow DashWithRainbows
06,15and later, DashWithRainbows
night dash!
bye :3
06,15or night, lol
Night DashWithRainbows
nite dash
night Dash
/me bows
Hi hope I'm forgiven
*I
You are forgiven slaschen
lunas doing something!
/me has just finished his booze
=p
07,01eeeyup
preping for next ep?
06,15:'(
07,01yep
=D
the infection was lupis
and then House comes in with magical doctor dust
GET YO HAND OFFA ME
And sprinkles it on her face
Not this time herospirit
Curing death with friendship.
06,15Damn you House, making me sad :(
it was Lupis?
yup
This ep is baws
always lupis
nope it was a bvra
the new comic on EqD is baws
bra*
inb4 it was a common cold
InsertCupcake, yes
herospirit, close
flu? :0
Staffs if i remember rightly
Oh gotcha.
or lupis
I'm a carrier of staff infections ;0
:0 *
CARRIER HAS ARRIVED
Didn't they agree right off in one episode that it wasn't Lupus?
Yes. Staff infection if I remember correctly
07,01yep
Oh hi guts I'm the carrier.
I've arrived
guys*
06,15I'm pretty sure i=RJ=Ejf0wj&& NO CARRIER
zomg
:(
06,15and if you got that joke, you're old...
yo foreman killed a woman
Oof. Died of staph?
I'm not old enough apparently
staff!
quarterstaff
Foreman's in deep shit. xD
foreman dun fucked up
Haaaaai hai
foreman's inner ghetto is coming out
Which reminds me of the time I was working in hospital and accidently visited MRSA treatment wing.
Hello
hi ret!
hey ret
06,15Fiendish Doctor House! You dun fucked up now!
foreman go start robbing houses again
it shure was
you'll feel better
yah can't save em all
06,15Hay Retmobile
06,15lol
07,01and bai
how many die in House (patients)
07,01and he's back
06,15Hey again Reticent
hi there, guise
Lol
XD
nooo! his mom's alzheimer!
She so senile
Sad ep
07,01Alright guys
don't you love her.
07,01Last episode coming up
06,15This episode is so sad :(
wait!
what last EP
ill stay for next episode i think
07,01Last ep for tonight
You know... if she doesn't remember he's her kid...
Spike: "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
then ive got stanly's mod to play
Last ep forever!
yay~! *sarcasm drips to the floor in liquid form*
whats goin on after luna?
She just gives out hugs to random people in her house?
Just kidings
seriously harry
oooo this episode
We should throw together to buy Harry a nice Hat
so is House normally screened on weekdays?
^ this
07,01yep
sweet
gotcha
even though I'm not a huuge fan of House
XD
FREEEEEZE.
Ohp there it goes.
Imma eat your brainz
lunnnaaaaaaaaaa *whining commences* whats going on after? xD
06,15y u maek me sad, Luna? :(
delicous delicous marrow
/me shields Luna
It's the brother isn't it.
The little one.
07,01oops..
/me hugs RobotPinkie
did he sneeze?
PROBLEM WILSON
what?
shieeeeeeeet
Know, it's randomly the father.
Don't be sad
/me hugs WhatPayne back
its lupis!
xD
awkward cough
good job kid, you killed everyone in the sector
obligatory
IT'S NEVER LUPUS
06,15That last episode was just... hearbreaking
OH GOD HE SNEEZED GET HIM TO THE E.R.
Indeed it was.
you forgot STAT herospirit
I can think of 3 lupis cases in the entirinty of House EVER
maybe just 2
FLUFFY
what are you doing n HOUSE
i agree pinkie
06,15Though I'm really liking Foreman now....
Lol
I'm Dr. Jesus Cox MD!
what happen
06,15stupid dog!
he sneezed, shit went down
dat stock helicopter shot
Now I'm a Doctor
He's supposed to be donor. If he's sick he can't donate
Bone marrow is racist
it's House's case
lol
Oh House
dat racist
07,01dat buffer
bone marrow is very racist
I heard Dr. Cox?
timing
great minds think alike, eh Luna? :D
07,01^
0yes you did
06,15dat racist buffer
^
^^
lol omg house
u so crazy
I'd like to see a crossover where
house and Dr. Cox work together
0If you could befriend 1 person from the Scrubs characters, which one would you choose
house is best pony?
we just borrow the white blood cells
and snark the entire episode
xD
0remember the episode in which Cox became House?
yes
0good episode
"All you had to do was say yes. God knows you say it often enough." Marriage burn. Dayum.
06,15nope.jpg
DCD!!!!
06,15Hay again NewDCD
DCDDDDDDDDDDD
I saw her 10 minutes ago and I have no clue what she was wearing
cmon foreman, youre from the hood
how can you not be able to throw a ball?
06,15dat casual racism
That water looks healthy.
:D
so
0DCD
They should take that water, and drink it up.
does anyone want a shitty cam quality picture of my sketch of Human!Spike for my fic?
0eh, why not
I guess that's what they call...heavy water
0YEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Suuuuuurrrre
06,15HAHA
lol
.....acute scrotum?
06,15"Adorable!"
Is that really a technical term?
sure why not DCD
'cuz it sounds like doctors have a weird sense of humor if so
0DAMMIT Espy! I'm a Doctor, not a Investigator!
Ich bin cool bist du cool.
06,159
Heh
0Ja ich bin cool
Yo soy muy cool.
ja logo ha.
ja*
damn he needs his heart to live
dont use your fancy mathematics to muddle the issue!
Naw, he'll be fine
06,15He watched a weird japanese video 3 days ago
dun dun dun
07,01not the ring?
Ohai everyone
So long as it isn't the one ring.
06,15So now only 4 days left, yeah
0hey Crono
Ohai Crono_Fla
07,01hey crono
hey crono
Morning Crono
LOL
So how is everyone?
06,15"don't let House bully them," yeah that's gonna work.
0good
How cute, they think they can control what House does.
06,15I'm this good, Crono_Fla http://i.imgur.com/5e3w3.jpg
07,01Poor parents..
i need to style my pinkie pies hair
07,01Damn..
its a mess
"Maybe they're ride it here on a unicorn." TWILIGHT SPARKLE, RIDE LIKE THE WIND
Nice timing RobotPinkie
06,15Yeah you do... it's not good out of the box
06,15Why nice timing, WhatPayne? :P
That's so awesome RobotPinkie
Just as House said they would bring it here riding unicorn
Final Fantasy: Equestria Edition?
06,15Haha
so many ponies!
06,15Oh wow, I missed that :P
0forget chocobos
0we use PONIES!!
06,15and thanks Crono_Fla, I do need to style Rarity though...
aww i like this episode
06,15Ponies > chocobos
ponies > everything else
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfRqrLwjYVc
06,15Truth!
Ponies > ponies
/me 0brohoofs back
Anyone else have to hear this every couple weeks in German? :0
umm guys, his heart stopped
06,15Not clicking video links, since House :P
:P
dont know if u guys oticed this
0I don't hear such stuff
but u might wanna do something
....I'mma go watch Patlabor
0*listen to
LOL
0drug dog
awwww, PUPPY!
06,15A dog after his own heart
...xD!
That dog and house are good match
^ this
/me wants House's jacket.
This one of the best episodes in my opinion
LUPUS
Payne knows what he's talking about.
/me 0wants it too, and since he's a Doctor can get it more likely
:p
its lupis
06,15It's Calpis
please CosmicDashie, obv its not lupis
it never ius
It's lancer
is
nah its fine
0it's house's case
OSHI
Oh rly?
eeee
Naw, you'll be fine.
its necrosis
Walk it off.
/me turns stream on
0ya rly
otherwise known as Caluncerpus
06,15It's spontaneous self combustion
HOUSE
i love house so much
LOL
i bet you wanna chew Vinyl
he's sawed it off
dohohohoho
0.0
0who already read the new Comics on EqD
Keep that dog away from Vinyl Sratch
^ this
:D
I'd listen to a vinyl before chewing ^_^
Doc: I did
OH GOSHDARNIT FOREMAN
foreman's screwing it up!
and Discord+PinkiePie is awesome imo
06,15Oh Foreman, you so crazy
/me picks up dog
which one's Doc?
I'll do it
0me
I'll do it Payne.
as in whcih comics? XD
What's that herospirit?
dat Pinkie comic 0.o
0the newest on Equestria Daily
0like a BAWS!
0watnc
0*watching
/me holds dog and motions at Vinly Scrath
Scratch*
Right. Good.
I'LL DO IT BRO
/me 0stands before dog
0STOP!
foreman fucked up
herospirit, watch it, Octavia will get you
again
oh snap house is mad
06,15He so mad
:I
/me puts dog back down.
._.
lol random blood animation
0How many people must die Foreman=
0?
anyone else jsut cringe?
haven'T seen House like that before.
xD
i dont like that sight
uh oh.....
LOL
dog is a troll
07,01loll
LOLOKLOLOLOL
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
awwwwwwwww
LOL.
07,01stereo gone
How could a dog.
that dog is sooooo cute! <3
pro guarddog
screw PETA, kill the dog
dog = best troll
YELP
Obviously the dog took it
nobody touches house's stereo
The dog sold the stereo for some drugs
Imagine, if you will, if Thrall from the Warcraft universe, was a pony.
0sick kid is Sick
I just had to get a magnifying glass to read something that Fluttershy said in a Fanfic
I still couldnt read it
-.-
0Imagine if Thrall meets the ponies
OH FFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
HIS BRAINS ARE MELTING
WAAAAAAAAAAGH
0he would make peace with them
NOT LIKE THIS
Thrall would definitely be a brony.
NOOO
dat Holmes moment
0since Thrall is a nice guy
ThePreternder: that ain't Warcraft Orcs at all
Thrall is best orc.
What
...that was my reaction at the blood >>
Lol I just pictured Jaina as a pony
0Thrall has a Thunderhammer
What did House just say?
:|
Thrall may be best orc, but not best Ork
0called the Doomhammer
That dof was pathetic
No house put pipe in his mouth just as Wilson walked in
0If both Jaina and Thrall were Ponies
0the Shipping problem would be decidely smaller
/me believes House needs a pimp cane.
....
0Dat CANE
Lol. Bull penis cane.
07,01lol
OH HELL YES
ACDC
Thrall as Buffalo, Jaina as Unicorn?
AWWWWYEAH.jpg
lolflames
LOL
HELL FREAKIN YES
06,15HAHA, awesomeness
lol
BEST CANE EVER!!!
0HIGHWAY TO HELL!!
HIGHWAY TO HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me is on the Highway to Hell.
0Ninja
....xD!
"Makes it look like I'm going fast."
she wants my cane!
Da red wunz go fastah!!!!
07,01there is no highway to hell pmv yet?
Okay, so I'm not dead.
0the flame make it go fastah
07,01welcome back Kalisia
what's your reasoning for that, Doc?
07,01you okay?
0apparently not
06,15Ouch, you feeling okay?
onos
EUREKA
ok luna, i htink i might have to break your dont leave during house rule D: i need to go get sustanince
Doctor said I can't smash anything else with my head for at least 5 to 6 weeks.
07,01Alright CosmicDashie
.
07,01lol
just this once? =p
House that's ballsy!
does the word "cluck" mean anything regarding this episode?
07,01just this once, yes
Oh wow
lol
ok brb, l run
ill*
0GEM! IT'S TRULY OUTRAGEOUS!
06,15House is awesome.
07,01Poor parents...
07,01damn..
damn...
0sorry couldn't resist
/me is fighting not to cry..
NOT
/me pats Luna gently.
There, there.
/me 0gives Luna a comforting hug
it'll be ok Luna
/me is not effect by this.
Oof.
/me hugs Luna "it's okay my princess."
what?
Am I meant to feel sad?
0we are all here for you
06,15Last episode I found a lot more sad
/me is shedding manly tears on the inside.
neither effected me
07,01I even cried.. when I saw the pinkie picture...
i dont generally get emotional at stuff like this
07,01damn emotions!
....he's not.
although some pony stuff and Tangled have got me emotional before
Pinkie picture?
0which Pinkie picture?
07,01yea..
Okami ending gets me emotional
wut i miss?
....he is.
._.
0crap
this kid dies right?
that dinky and derpy comic got to me though
/me 0hugs Luna tighter
way to fucking cheer the kid up
house is a dick
House is the biggest ass.
/me 0sings "Hush now, Quiet now..."
I'm having a little bit of difficulty focussing right now cause of my meds, if you talk to me it might take some time for me to notice.
HUsh now, quiet now, its time to lay your sleepy head
Hush now, quiet now, its time to go to bed
:D
House and his Logic > feelings
0you feeling better Luna?
06,15Um, I'm pretty sure that the parents will be a lot happier when leaving the hospital with one son alive.....
back
07,01nope...
brave kid
/me is crying
Wow, he turned the son on his parents. Sincere dick move.
the one about Pinkie and her cancer friend is one of the most sad and beautiful comics I've seen
/me brohoofs Nick.
awwwh luna
sec, I'll find the link
/me hugs luna
/me 0let's Luna cry into his shoulder
DID HE DIED?
house had to, kitten
oh shit
House = Ass, Kid = Brave, Episode = Sad
0We are all here for you
if they dont do anything, both of them will die
06,15Zephirdd, you know that there's a blue Pinkie lookalike in one of the flashbacks, right?
/me cries together with Luna
Yeah, I know. Doesn't make it less of a dick move. xD
Wat, really?
o_o
06,15Who's never seen again....
06,15Yup
oh god
06,15During Rarity's flashback
06,15Makes the comic even sadder....
You never finished that comic have you?
0I got teary eyed myself
lag are back!
goddamnt RobotPinkie
So, what is happenning in the show?
FUCK
I thought I had wasted all my tears for the week
0Let it all out Luna
I'm using my month quota now
....ow.
06,15Me too when I read that, Zephirdd, damn....
....wait wut
this is gonna hurt
/me 0hugs Luna so she can cry into his shoulder
A LOT
06,15wtf?
oh damn
oh crap this WILL hurt
07,01what is he gonna do :o
You're gonna take his marrow without painkillers?
foreman's gonna extract the marrow
OH FUCK
/me hopes this episode has a happy ending
FOREMAN
YOU GOT THIS KID
07,01WTF!
WHAT THE FK ARE YOU DOING
06,15Goddammit Foreman
WHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
foreman
wtf
0FOREMAN WILL KILL BOTH OF EM
/me winces
HOW HORRIFYING
....
what the fuck!?
Foreman is now a monster.
What in the world did I miss
0what did he do?
OH SWET BABY JESUS
06,15HOLY DAMN PONY ON A STICK, FOREMAN
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?
omg
Pain, MoonDasher
Lots
foreman is a friggin badass.
what was with the giant sticl
i just fuking cringed so hard
and lots of pain...
/me shudders.
All you have to do is take a cup of flour and add it to the mix!
Just ....wow
Now just take a little something sweet, not sour, A bit of salt, just a pinch.
Can't even imagine how much that'd fucking hurt
06,15nom
hahaha
Baking these treats is such a cinch, Add a teaspoon of vanilla, Add a little more, and you count to four And you never get your fill of…
Why did Foreman stab the kid?
...that mood whiplash
CUPCAKES
0HYPOCRITICAL(sp?) OATH?!
So.... what in the fuck just happened
foreman was extracting marrow from the kid
to take his bone marrow
06,15Surely you mean KEKSY
0DOESN'T THAT EXIST ANYMORE OR WHAT?!
oh boy
Taking marrow
lol
THAT hurts
Oh.
Dog has limb and is addicted to Vicodin
Who wants to feel more depressed? http://ask-twilightsparkle.tumblr.com/post/10358515119
by you spelling I'm not sure if you are being sarcastic
06,15Ahaha, oh lawd....
Foreman took the kid's bone marrow without painkillers or sedation, and injected it into the cancer kid.
0which one of them died
I know but. Did it like... kill him?
(@hero)
DAWWWWW
thats old lagmobile
D:
Apparently they both lived.
sup dog
dat twilight comic
very old
0dat Twilight is sad
dat puppy
dammit lag
stop depressing ppl
how am I so emotionaly dead
but so was your pinkie comic
dont make me get creative
when it comes to grife and death ect
But green isnt my favourite colour
0great, both lived and Foreman got to torture a child! EVERYONE WINS!!!(SARCASM)
Pinkiamena thumbs it up.
foreman killed someone and tortured someone... i like him much more now xD
Well their goes the last bit of my soul...
So did the kid die?
nope
I'm disappointed if no.
07,01nope..
nope both lived
Awww.
Osnap
bye bye soul
GAHHH
nah both lived
did luna get message?
night everbrony
i heard a ding
night cupcake!
but we got bone marrow extraction with out seditives
Night Cupcake
gah no more house tonight...
later cupcake
bye
06,15night InsertCupcake
cya tomorrow i think
dats some bad hat harry.
dammitt harry
YES
0TIMEWARP
TIMEWARP AGAIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YYYYEEEESSSSSSS
Timewarp?!
*yay
GLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
/me refuses to do the timewarp again.
luna being awesome again!!!
/me hugs luna
/me hugs the Luna
DAT EMAIL ADRESS
lol gmail
06,15>implying there are moments when Luna isn't awesome
hey
i saw my name
/me hugs the hugs on Luna
06,15Pfft!
lag
07,01realy needed this...
07,01god...
wut?
did u see my name?
07,01so many tears..
xD
nope.avi
Well I have to head out, see everyone later
Daw. *hugs for Luna*
07,01later crono
later Crono
cya Crono_Fla
poor luna
/me hugs
Later Crono
tis good to know my email got through to luna
0cya Crono
night Crono
07,01^^
night crono
/me 0hugs Luna Again
/me doesent just hug luna, he glomps luna!!! =D
thats creepy Cosmic...
/me sends Luna stoic, but knowing, nod.
/me just meows at Luna
ur creepy
0nice comeback
lol
0what are you? 5?
pinkie's voice is perfect
lol
ThePretender damn your more stoic than I am
or was it yesterday
07,01Oh yes like I said before
>mfw bronies are discussing maturity
0INSAAAANNE!
the touching comment
07,01tomorrow we wrap up Season 3
I wasnt at the desk today
indeed Dumori
it was yesterday
the days are melding together >.>
Schadenpony!
Yay!
/me crys ;)
schadenfreude!!
:D
i need meds... or weed... or sleep...
0SCHADENFREUDE!
HAPPY?
something
DOES THIS MEAN THE VINYL SCRATCH ROOM IS OPEN AGAIN?
0SCHADENFREUDE!
07,01nope
Schadenfrude: my reaction at driving my ex up the wall
awww
nope.avi
07,01Friday Vinyl_Scratch will be open again
x3
LOL ThePretender
well
stream, y u keep stopping?
lag, we are lucky, we get friday off of school
My doctor just called and said she forgot to tell me I shouldn't drive tomorrow...
is this 8th ave?
Avenue Q
07,01correct
Schadenfreude: My feeling when realizing my ex girlfriend got hella fat after dumping me
lol
HAHAHAHAHA LAG MY INTERNETS IS BETTER THAN YOUR INTERNETS TODAY
i get confused of what ave
you win Zephirdd
^_^
^this
lag... now u be taking my line
xD
all I have to go on is the fact that my ex hates when I refer to her as "kiddo"
Thats not your line
y we steal each others lines
its "the internets"
-.-
beeyetch
I FUCKING LOVE THIS SONG
I was listening to this all day
I can taunt one of my friends with the word "womb" it drives her mad
06,15Ooooh, good song
oh hey its this
what song is this?
the word... "womb"?
incorrect lag, u were listening to this is why i clop
Are you proud to be a Brony?
:D
~not anymore
Yup she really hates them and the fact she has one
THIS SONG
it's like "ni" from holy grail in the cringe/pain it causes her to chant
THIS IS HOW I FEEL
0Rule of the Internet: Nothing is True, Everything's permitted
You see I / used to hate / that I liked / My Little Pony~~ Not anymore
I'm proud to be a brony.
^^
im so proud to be a brony
SQUEE
/me is proud to be a brony. And loves Brony State.
from sad to inspirational
I'm proud to be me, Brony is just part of it
0FLAAAT!
I'm brony to be a proud
well i was listening to tis and "This Is why...."
I was singing this song all day
yesterday and today
.-.
lol
me gusta?
Ive been singing winter wrap up all week....
My Little Pony~
Winter Wrap Up~
lag, we all have
Art of the Dress~
its so epic
Cupcakes~
06,15bueno.jpg
that part is hard to sing
o god get it out of my head pinkie!!!
impossible is the word, Dumori
lol
07,01Are you proud to be a brony?
yeah.avi
Im Proud to be a brony~
Ironically I was listening to this with my headphones on and staring at a diffrent tab the whole time...
Why would I be any less Luna?
I answered that question, Luna. The answer is...YES!
/me high-hooves Luna
I guess im not that proud yet...
lol
06,15mybodyisproud.jpg
IT'S GROUP HUG TIME
lag u must become more brony
I never will be as proud as I should be Lag :0
OMG WTF COLLEVTIVE
/me group hugs BronyState.
I LOVE THIS SO MCUH
xD
MUCH*
/me hugs #bronystate
I could tell cosmic...
/me hugs everypony
/me joins the group hug!
06,15I need to sleep more, though
AHHHHHHH I LOVE THIS
/me attacks motherfuckers wearing purple backpacks
sleep is for the week
/me meows good night at Luna
/me joins the hug
/me hugs Luna with strength
weak*
06,15Night night everypony
night RobotPinkie
/me joins in the hugging
lol fluttershy
later RobotPinkie
night RobotPinkie
night robotpinkie!
cya RP
Later RP
night RP
inb4 rape
inb4 CHORUS GUYYYYY
WOOHOO
the third
lol
/me runs to check EqD.
Mortals... so amusing.
LOOL
i am the guy who sings the chorus
IIIIIIIM the guy who sings the chorus~
/me equips sunglasses.
I less then three MC Fatigue
no homo
SETHISTO!!! http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-iLI8mQy4Z68/ToOWqd0YQjI/AAAAAAAAM58/ZzbmuDxRNMw/s1600/Clipboard01.jpg
lol
LOLWUT
damn that seth!
wait
I think I know that guy
irl
seth just made my day
I miss Lesslie Neilson...
please let me be wrong
OH DEAR GOD
SHOO BE DOO
LOL
XD
That was Sethisto disguised as Trixie.
07,01he looks so ehmmm young
OMG LUNA YOU MADE MY DAY
SHOOP SHOO BE DO
Trixie outfit is amusing
lol the chorus
SCOO BE DOO
"Hasn't it ever occured to you that Equestria is overpopulated?!"
SHOOP DA WOOP
stupid Chrome
SHOOP DA WOOP
"Only a handful of ponies truly matter; the rest is just so much chaff!"
Pinkamelldansen!
oh hey
For some reason i like MC shitshispantsfrequently's voice a lot.
its this
no
no no no no
NONONONONONO
play pinkiequest
/me hides
07,01yesyesyesyes
/me flops bunny ears
CCCCHHHHHHRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSS
UTS UTS UTS UTS
YAY~!
oonts?
I got a pic with Sethisto, and we were both wearing awesome hats!
:D
Hehe, and it's the original, not the English. Kgood
/me throws his sunglasses angrily
Oonts oonts oonts oonts
uuts
/me produces another pair of sunglasses from his pocket and equips them.
/me hides in deep dark soundproof hole
/me dances the Caramelldansen
it should have an umlout but I forgot tyhr alt code
/me joins in
flaria!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me glomps flaria
not typed in german for ages
oh hai FLaria
/me hugs CosmicDashie
/me hugs ThePretender and Dumori
woo HUGS!
/me hugs Flaria back
/me hugs some randompony
Lawl
Sunglasses = +1 Perception, -1 fire damage
MFW 70 year old woman getting arrested where I live.
07,01why?
for whya?
just because
im scared for my sanity... ive heard this enough times... im starting to less than hate it
shes old
Drunk and disorderly and shoplifting.
Wat
IAM BACK
Good combination.
X3!
70 year old?
understandable
That's what our 70 year old people are like.
oh Britan
70 is new 16?
So Pinkie knows Swedish, is this canon?
How I love it
Reading* :P
Rotherham
WELCOME TO THE HOOD
Cosmic = +1 internet
Sheffeild's ass hole
Old woman goes to store drunk, tries to steal shit, arrested (like a boss). Sounds like an awesome story.
wow, poNYcon seems to have been awesome
propably
was anyone there?
I now have to re watch Mulan
FOR SONS
I mean, from here
lol
ive never seen mulan =c
waaaaaaa
O rly?
MOON
find and watch it Cosmic
MOON HIM
its awesome
CosmicDashie watch nowa
/me hugs Lagmobile
CosmicDashie, it's only like one of the best Disney movies ever
Is there a Mulan 2? I don't know
Oh hey Faria
yes
yes
I only know Mulan 1 was awesome
there is,
Zephirdd: Yes
my childhood got raped... parents dident rent it ever
Even I loved it and I'm not a Disney fan
is it any good?
when did you get here?
It was alright
Few minutes ago.
I watched it with a GF what 1-2 years ago
BE A MAN
i wanted to see mulan actlly
all disney movies from 2000 and earlier are now a mandatory part of childhoof
CosmicDashie: your childhood only ends when you WANT, I am 17 and I'm still a child! :D
MYSTERIOUS AS THE DARK SIDE OF TH EMOOOOOOOOON
Oh Gokaiger I puased 3hours ago...
if i win lottery once ill request is =p
lol I emant childhood
I still have my old vhs tape
it*
I don't think I've watched the Hunchback completely ever ...
This song by Jackie Chan
God I feel old
I'm 19 I still find being a adult legaly freaky X3
Ya i havnt seen the hunchback either
I just want to be 18
I'm 20, but I have to remind myself of that
and get a freaking car
-.-
BE A MAAAAAAAN
I hate to drive
BE A MARE
THE DAR SIDE OF
THE MOOOOOOON
I hate grenades too
but thats a difefrent story
I don't care if I like or hate to drive
different*
Man, y'all are making me feel old at 24. Then again, kinda am. xD
/me belives this song is the best montage in a Disney movie ever.
I just want to have a car so I don't have to take the bus
You gonna go far kid
squeaky version of this song
i HATE driving
THE OFFSPRING
/me can't drive and I hate bing in cars
originaly was deper and slower -_-
*yay*
Cars are VERY VERY Dangerous
yay Offspring
I doubt I'll ever learn
:D
omg offspring =D
I prefer flying
song is actually 20% faster
Flying is MUCH safer
I love this song, but not this pitch.
in order to sound like this
no kidding
I know
20% higher tempo
pitch*
Thats the win part
lolwut
I think the speed is about the same
speed=pitch with sound
No its faster
nice work ya did
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0B1pkbIqiW0 <-- Shinryaku, Ika Musume!
It's faster.
but I'm not sure if this is plane 20% faster
ur gonna go far kid
thats so awesome
TRUST DECIEVED
it's deff faster
HIT EM RIGHT BETWEEN THE EYES
Maybe slightly
imma compare right now
anyone know the actual date for ep 3?
20% faster actually
Shinryaku, Shinryaku, Shinryaku, Shinryaku, Shinryaku, Shinryaku, IKA MUSUME
20% everything
For real
I MUST BE 20% BETTER
AT EVERYTHING
=D
or else I shall fail
^this
herospirit: This video is for Season 2.
CLEVER ALIBIS, LORD OF THE FLIES, HIT 'EM RIGHT BETWEEN THE EYES
lol
THIS SONG MUST DECREASE THE TEMERTURE OF THIS BY 20%
see them running for their lives
I HAVE THE CONCH SHUTDDAp
ohai DCD
lol
/me glomps NewDCD
also, who wants to see pics of me with Jayson Thiesson and Sethisto?
hai (O_O)/"
o hi DCD
theres a pony for dat
paste them Pretender
hi NewDCD
finally uploaded
oh snap newDCD
Stupid cell phone EDGE
dcd is back
pony_3803: October 15
https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/s720x720/320818_10150467118617538_536822537_11375870_1558449830_n.jpg
DELTA CHARLIE DELTA IS BACK?
http://img202.imagevenue.com/img.php?image=54280_SpikeIngram_122_64lo.jpg
https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-snc7/s720x720/299755_10150467119307538_536822537_11375882_142617245_n.jpg
danke schon
der
waddya know, it is faster :O
NewDCD: is that you???
This video belongs to me and Luna
OKAY?
Okay.
I went on there and got lotts popups
:D
BUT I SAW THE IMAGES
Granny Smith is OLD!
Im lordCelestia btw
ooo hasent seen this one b4
DIE.
WHY DO YOU GUYS ALL LOOK LIKE PEOPLE FROM MY TOWN
FFFFFFF-
she was alive 1000 years in the past. and was still old then
wtf is this?
I lol
Orbital Friendship Cannon
well, Zephirdd, if you live in NYC, that might be why
I live in Brazil
/me is rocking out to this song.
lol vectors
south Brazil
PENNSYLVANIA
i wish i knew more bronies
...tha's far away from NYC
moon'd
since were on that topic c:
its like, to be farther away I'd need to be in Argentina
i only know lag....
o hai cosmic
and other, non bronyataters
Theres not many pennsylvania Bronies D:
/me brohoofs ThePretender
Where in NYC, ThePretender ?
/me brohoofs Flaria.
Queens
anypony here a calgary brony?
didnt you convert micheal and sebs to cosmic?
Coolio.
yup
and you?
I'm on LI. :l
close enough XD
Calgary...
and emily
Backup successfully restored
Scranton?
no meet-up for us...
holy shit ive converted quite a few ppl
Teehee.
office fans? I live there lol
well US office*
people need to be more brony in calgar
calgary*
i love the office
Dermathil: "Spike Ingram" from my poni fic
The US version
?
yes
aaah
/me hates to admit that this song has grown on him.
:D
us version
they should film on location
agreed ThePretender
/me is with ThePretender
lag, i have SO MANY pony wallpapers now
theres just so many
So do i :P
Turn up to a calss an Hour late?
class*
Awww
DAAWWWWWW
confound these ponies, they drive me to expand musical tastes
LUNA!
:'C
NNNNNNG
dawwww
Anime ponies?
decaped pegs ftl
My Little Kitties?
DAWWWWW
bed mane
this is so dawwww
Dat Luna
D'awwwwwwwwwwwww
best PMV ever
........
lyra cake
Applecat
For bonbons birthday xD
Aj cat?
my stream is really behind
suddenly plot
Inb4 DAT PLOT
fluffershy
FLUTTERCAT
DAAAAAWWWWWW
awww fluttercat
Luna, y u make us dawww?
cus thats how luna rolls
=p
Im rollin on a daw river
must...
rollin
rollin
not...
daw....
dawwwwwwwww
you win, Randall1160
Kitty Pie?
so much dawww
nnnng
SO MUCH
lol
Tainted love...
Twilight Meowkle!
this chat is so fun with this amound of ppl
Twilight Sparcat
less fun with 300+ ppl
No~
lol
worse yet with 1500+ ppl
And britney spears for some reason...
LUNA!
Never heard this remix, Lag?
trotters gonna trot
There's like five songs in it
i heard tainted love
lollll
then
i get the joke
britney
She's a Loonie
hatas gonna hate
lunas gonna loon
ha
lolwut
katy perry
im confused
07,01Goodnight everypony
night luna
night luna!!!!
<3
Goodnight Luna!
Britney Spears and Katy Perry?
Night Luna!
nite Luna
O.o I'd thought everyone had heard this remix by now.
/me glomps Luna good night
with 1500 its not chat just words
(O_O)/"
who gonna stream?
later Luna!
/me Hugs LUNA!
07,01See you all tomorrow again!
Bye, Luna!
Later Luna! *hugs*
/me hugs luna
night Luna
forshure!
Byeeee
We love yah
Night.
Wonderful electriiiiiiiic~
/me hugs Luna goodnight
Sleep well!
lol Flutterface
who takin over stream?
so what's the name of this remix CriticKitten?
or we stoppin stream for a bit
actually i really havnt heard this mash up before...
Hum. Can't remember off the top of my head, but I'm sure I can find the video link itself.
/me prefers "You spin me right round baby right round like a record baby right round round round"
so we no more stream?
ABANDOM STREAM
okay guys
I need an opinion
WE have to talk then
Alright everyone.
Villainy meetup
Fuck me
wait guys
$600 for a pony
Ah, there it is.
I can arrange something for you
In autopilot
wuts up dcd
The official name is "Robin Skouteris - If You Kiss Jesus (7 artists feat. Depeche Mode, Britney Spears, Katy Perry & more)"
/me equips trenchcoat and sunglasses
AVIATORS FTW
I'll let you finish.
>600 bucks
Dari wut
thankee CriticKitten
SIX
HUNDRED
DOLLARS
lol wut
...wow
And the actual vid (the pony one) is http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=irQ_d78feMA
can't watch vids on phone
Give me a description
...Go on, DCD.
thats dedication
$600 for a pony? o.o
NewDCD: A custom Rainbow Dash brushable wearing a the Wonderbolt outfit with goggles on her head.
Ah, custom.
I deny the accusations that I used Umbrella Company funds to bid on that Pony.
WEEEESKEEEERRR
BI
y u so top tier
anyways
Got two of the Light-up McD pony toys(AJ, TS)
Gonna try getting the last two tomorrow but should I only be able to get one, which should I give priority? Dash or Pinkie?
It's evolution, Pretender.
I should go and try to get one
I NEED OPNIES
PONIES
Dash, DCD
Egh.
brb
I wonder if the McD's near me have them.
THEY BETTER
I hope mine do too
Dari: customanon would facepalm so hard
That's too much for a pony
I mean dude, Jin's custom action figures run for less than that
Or if they still have those crappy toys they had before. Can't remember what they were.
lol I havnt stopped at a MCds in FOREVER
been years
never get the time
I MISS THEM SO
you guys these are the LatAm poni toys
Not the ones with the brush-base
These ponies light up and shit
Light-up pony sounds awesome.
also I'll provide a stream in a couple of minutes
please stand by
Aye aye!
http://ask-loonyluna.tumblr.com/
...I also deny the accusations that I've put the T-Virus in Umbrella Corps My Little Pony toys.
creepy as fuck...
...They're show accurate...
oh THAT tumblr
Lagmobile: What
O_O
Time for bed for me though.
THAT TUMBLR
Sleep well, sweet prince.
ask princess molestia by John Joseco is better imo
Night everyone.
BYee
oops didnt actually read the new posts....
FAREWELL
*trollface.jpg*
(O_O_)/"
>mfw using that right and wrong at the same time
Night Randall
lol Im not going yet
:P
awwh
i have to go
suppa
Oo
i shall return
c ya
...Where are the other villains. Can't rely on anyone anymore.
so you shall
see ya CosmicDashie
They usually use the villans for the pilots
Pilot episodes
But they may
have another
for s2
a villain, you asked?
Ah, Taskmaster.
I demand that you locate my fellow Pony, Magneto.
you got the cash, i presume?
You will be paid handsomely.
Trying to finish watching downfall
BRING ME FEGELEIN! FEGELEIN! FEGELEIN! FEGELEIN !
/me hands Taskmaster a suitcase of money and show accurate FiM toys
BI
/me counts the money.
It's all here, so we're set.
/me runs off in search of MAGNETO.
dat magneto
MUAHAHAHHAHAA!
....BI
Who are you. /BI
we're live
do you see image?
Whatever you're in.
got image
no sound
Affirm. Confirmation on Stream
Negativ on SOund
k playing
Brace for NOSTALGIA OVERLOAD
Target still on route
OH MI GAAAAAAAWD
Tracking
o.o
FLASHBACK lkjsa;dfsglajshcprwtrwes
/BI
I'm gonna hit the hay I think
What is this foolishness.
Nite Chat
I FUCKING LOVE YOU NEWDCD
Wow, been a long long time
DIGIMON CONFIRMED
even if it's not the english dub
LOVE THE SHOW
I REPEAT WE HAVE DIGIMON
But gonna sleep
"Digi-mon"?
/me hugs NewDCD
ROGER THAT LAGMOBILE< I HAVE EYE SON THE DIGIMONS
Some form of cyber organic life form I presume?
/me hugs chat goodnight
Digimon is my favorite anime ever, especially Season 2.
PEPPER BREATH.....POY~
Goodnight, even...
Sleep well!
I wonder what the T-Virus would do to such a creature...
lol epic internets on MAD
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndA69KiffJE&feature=player_embedded
I plan on naming my son Davis from Adventure 02.
Theres a mad pony spoof :P
lol on that MAD video
Huh, looks pretty warm for freezing temps
NewDCD: I love you
this marks the first time I am watching Digimon in Japanese.
lol
time for me to go study some more
I hope you enjoy
THANK YOU NEWDCD
shut up baby
I know it
Oh?
MoonDasher:
hey a new MAD sketch thats actually funny
oh yeah we're streaming all Digimans seasons eventually
I have no preference between the english and japanese versions of S1 digimon. <3
/me hugs Flutterz
/me hugs Flaria
Wear a coat then, you dope! D:<
my irc stopped updating :P
I like JP better just due to the fact the opening is Butter-fly
Over here in LatAm, we got Japanese script plus the JP songs dubbed into Spanish really well, plus US names
Was the best of both worlds
fair warning, everybody, if we get to S2 in English
Huh
my Davis/Daisuke fanboyism knows NO BOUNDS
Oh lord.
I dont even remember everyones names...
In S1?
its been so long...
at all
:(
And then everypony fell into the Twilight Zone
Oh, I remember when I watched all of G2, G3 and G4 Digimon
damn I was a kid when I first saw this
but not G1
in jp
What power.
we're getting them in JP
Because that's the closest to the Spanish dub
Aka BEST DUB
If I can only harvest this power...
I will be a GOD.
I was never a hardcore fan to begin with
I just love the evolution songs
awwww, US dub was good... ;_;
the storylines are kinda cool, but nothing tops the evo songs
if you could harvest said power
You'd become a Harvest Moon protagonist
I can't rember any thing about this now
Yes... and all the radishes would be /mine/.
:l
Only a handful of vegetables truly matter
alcolt: mine as in rarity MINE?
Complte. Global. Plantation.
why does the audio eep going up and down...?
The rest is just so much chaff!
keep*
DIGIMON DIGITAL MONSTERS THIS SONG SUCKS DONGS
Really the JP version is much better due to the audio side of things
/me hugs Flaria
Leave, ghost.
AHA! FOUND YOU!
yes, I always meant the JP songs
Butterfly fucking rocks
/me slaps Natleyn with a trout at light speed
My mixer keeps changing only my browser audio level...
>Yfw Masaaki Endo sung a cover of Butter-fly and it was orgasmic
>yfw idk who Masaaki Endo is
the name is familiar....
You can't hide forever!
/me searches in the dark for NewDCD
gotta go study so yeah later
Im off too
night guys
later NewDCD and Lagmobile
later
you so funny
but reliable
haven't watched any form of digimon in like... 9 years
Best part of the english dub
same Flutterz
"We can be funny!" "Haaaaaah"
and 9 years is more than half my age lol
just barely tho
/me struggles to remember that part of the dub.
I do remember my shipping tendencies, though.
TaixSora and DavisxKari are my OTPs
Is it just me or does the japanese version have way better music
it does, as I am coming to learn
aye
When Celestia is out of the way... I will be the /only/ god.
B]
what about Luna, Alcolt?
Oh, I've already arranged for /those/ matters...
btw is this the first season/version/whatever you want to call it?
/me hornstabs Alcolt
yep, FLutterz, this is Adventure 01
sweet
who's streamin'
And then they all died?
the end
/me phantom butterflies off of the horn.
huh, this sounds like some of the music in the Digimon MMO...
/me bleeds.
Digimon Adventure
This isn't over...
now they evolve amirite?
k
Has anyone played a Digimon game they thoroughly enjoyed?
Flutterz: yes.
Nope.
Digimon Rumble Arena
also I am but I'm not on my PC so I got shit running in autopilot yeah
predictable plot is predictable :P
/me phantom butterflies back into the darkness.
tatakaonakia
inb4 Digivolve
that reminds me that there's a Digimon World game due for PSP next year and it will play similar to World 01
I hope it gets localized ;___;
awesome
Also
for the record
That pig has razor teeth dude
I hope they bring over the new show, the cross over one
Acolt_Wesker...
/me 's favorite Digimans series is Tamers
NewDCD: What!? I want it! Bring it overrrrrrrr ;_______;
You dissapeared right as I started to ask you something
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
DCD, PSP or PSVita?
Good riddance.
PSP
even better
everyone's favorite season is Tamers (except me)
PATAPON
familiar faces
Tamers. <3
oh the nostalgia
one of the last announced games for the system
Sadly since Vita is coming soon that means that chances of it being localized are smaller than normal
<3 Strong Heart
S4 had amazing potential..
/me glomps herospirit
wait, its Brave Heart right
lol
Tamers was awesome and darkish
so many fire-based attacks
Well that's what you get when you have the guy from Serial Experiments Lain make a Digimon series
G4 Digimon was cool, but digimon kinda blew after G21
What amazing reaction time Flaria
G2
Okay guys pain meds win, I can't stay awake any longer.
no way they'll beat anything fire-aligned
'Night.
>Blew
Hit the weak spot for massive damage
>Tamers
night Kalisia
I know that feeling
how about I slap your shit
/me hugs Kalisia
night Kalisia
Sleep well!
G5 was pure trash
G'night Kalisia, feel better!
I didn't even bother with G6
later Kalisia
I despise g5 for some reason. :l
which one was the one with the obelisk things?
G@
*G2
Oh. He mad.
which is my favorite
And then everypony died
also Digimon exists in a multiverse
Ryo from Tamers was born in Tai's world
G4 is my fav for the musics
He ended up on the world of Tamers thanks to dimension-hopping shenanigans
yeah, I remember it being pretty damn good
G2 is my fav for the plot
I also remember watching the movie a bajillion times
Ugh, I zoned off right before I was going to hit the quit button.
lol
g'night
I have all 4 movies (in the US dub) recorded on a VHS
Was G4 the one where the main characters transformed instead of having digimon?
yes
yep herospirit
Yep!
also Justimon, his Merge Digivolution, is based on Kamen Rider, specially in Riderman
The music. Oh gog.
i seem to remember that too
How can you dislike a Digimon series with the freaking Kamen Rider DCD of the Digimon multiverse
I liked it
somewhat
I agree G4 had the best music.
how many Gs are there in total?
52
O_O
5 afaik.
doesn't Ryo show up in Ken;s flashback in S2, DCD?
Did they start a 6th? >_>
so 5 or 52? lol
Definitely 52
5
k'
:I
P-p-p-poker face.
Kalumon's Deus Ex Machina is awoken
There are currently 6 series, with a 7th on the way.
O hai
spoiler preview x3
G3 was full of emo bs, and very cheesy towards the and
end*
6 started last year, animu-wise
Though there's also V-Tamer and the assorted mangos and games
there was also one where there were digimon that ate the world's code
which one was that?
the 7th will be a crossover one with previous protagonist showing up
that... was G4
iirc
I think so, Zeph.
zomg digimon
G3 digimons would eat other digimon code
G4 digimons ate the world
omg
thats so badass
yep
......
Guys. We watch ponies.
Now I'm probably gonna spend my days rewatching everything -_-
And we think Digimon is badass.
We are
lol
totally awesome
I don't think digimon is badass
amazing
Digimon IS badass.
I only like the songs
D:
Digimon is always halfway between awesome and stupid for me
YES
perfect description
Iknoright Dumori
at the very least I've always liked it more than pokemon :D
Fair. It tended to flicker between those two pretty often
lol pokemon is good because games, the anime sucks
true
yeah
the games are awesome
^whar
What
although I just found out that Meowth is out of TR and is now travelling with Ash
lol
^WHAT
The pokemon games are great
eeeeyup, a friend told me about it
Damn, I must've been gone longer than I thought...
omg, japanese > dubbed digimon
pretty damn good turn-based rpg
TF! are they on?
B&W had a cool story, but could totally be done without a new generation imo
Pokemon started good, but that was because they had a set idea and length for the plot
Then they started extending it and the rest is history
Cosmic: pretty much anything in japanese is better than the dub
except JP DBZ vs PTBR DBZ
/me feels like he's the only one who likes the dub for Digimon. ;_;
idk about enus dub
Is it wrong that I giggle at the baby level digimon getting smacked around?
ptbr dub kinda sucks
Patamon = Patapon
the only bad thing about JP DBZ is the fact Goku's voice is annoying
well, it's the standard voice for these kid-like characters
see Luffy
Tentomon, and yet there are no tentacles. Dunno if I should be annoyed or relieved.
I liked his LatAm voice a lot better
^I've seen enough hentai..
lol
Tentomon digivolves to...
btw
Tentaclerapemon!
Kabuterimon!
Hen + Tai
have you seen that image?
Hentaimon!
ultra old internet meme?
This is a hen
This is Tai
This is Hen Tai
Pinkie Pie Digivolves toooooo....
Any questions?
Cupcakemon!
Wait what
xD
OH NO
rofl
CORRUPTED EVOLUTION
lol
Oh, I thought you gaiz only streamed on weekends.
:[
DEVOLVE DEVOLVE DEVOLVE
Also, deuuaugh digimon
silly filly
Surprise digivolves toooooooo
Pinkie Pie
Haven't seen that in ages.
/me digivolves to...
/me digivolves to...
/me Fluttershy!
/me Digivolves to...
/me SurgeonDCD!
TheBrotender!
/me Digivolves to...
Gondor
xD
/me Digivolves to... Natleyn!
:P
/me Digivolves to...
Oh, so that's where Gondor was.
/me Horselord! (notdoinggondor)
Actually.
Nyx digivolves toooooooo...
Nightmare Moon
FUCK
Where was Gondor when Rohan digivolved>
/me Digivolves to...
Who?
:I
?
Hoo
Scootaloo digivolves to......
Chicken
Gundam!
<3
Minecraft 1.8 terrain in a nutshell?
/me Digivolves to....
the matrix has you
OH YEAH!
.....The doctor?
nope the matrix
OH SHIT
BEST EVOLUTION LINE
FUCK YEAH BANG SHISHIGAMI
Bang won the night
BANG BANG BANG BANG
/me digivolves toooo.....
TheBrothel
HOW DO PHONE CARDS WORK.
Twist digivolves to.....
THE WHITE VOID, THEHAKUTENDER
MOSHIMOSHI
madmax!
oh shit
lol
that explains everything
who divided by 0?
.....I wonder what madmax's digivolution would be
Phone servies provided by discord
^
^^
....FU
RIN
KA ZAN!
BANG BANG BANG BANG
EMPTY SKY FORM: WINTER'S REPOSE
SHOOP DA WHOOP
BANGUUUUUUUU DAMASHIIII
BLAAARGH
90:99:100 am
:ll
okay study time fo realz now
>Jyou
I've been there before
>random informantion
damn imsonia
Has anyone seen the squiggly?
31:33:70 am
~
/me respects Bang_Shishigami's fighting spirit.
guys
guys
omg guys
/me respects TheHakutender's manly stench
no
today i
:D
i drove
\:D/
lol
lol gtz
hey, I'm in a suit of armor
Oh good, eat medical supplies.
I first drove thge day before yesterday :P
I HAVE NO STENCH
"omg.why.would.you.make.a.vhost.this.long" LOL.
HAVE AT YOU
Gratz, ctrlx.
/me hugs ctrlx
It would be hard not to work up a sweat in that!
i haven't droved a car in.... almost a year
ohai Flaria \:3/
also, nice to ctrlx
:3
/me big hug Flaria
and here I am wishing that the year ends so I can finally drive
-_-
ONII CHAAAAAN
Mini-Chan
/me punches Hakutender once
lol
/me uses Bang Install
Says you Bang, you sweat over everything.
She has a swiss army knaif no wei
/me dodges for the whole match
/me uses his Drive.
Rohan: Swiss army waifu?
Almost.
i spent over $200 today getting my license back and filling up and washing my car
But you haven't hit 4 seals, Bang! NO FRKZ for you
NNNNOOOO!
/me mains Bang in BB, so ha!
/me spams counters instead
Umg foraging digimon no wei
/me uses his Super Counter then.
time to play mass effect 2
/me loses in the most manly manner he can muster mannily
I'm back everypony! =D
/me uses Maragidyne
Hiya SuperBrony64
GIANT ENEMY CRAB
/me hugs SuperBrony64
oh hai SuperBrony64
hi SuperBrony64 :D
Good advice: Never use your iPhone to IRC chat while doing a Chemistry Lab
I devolved :[
WHAT'S UP WITH YOU ALL!?
HIT IT'S WEAK SPOT FOR MASSIVE DAMAGE!
lol tru dat
SSSSSHHHHEEEEELLLLLL
Guys, this is epic music to finish off an evil villain to
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nff3Bj09glk&list=FL4XR30kDJY1eUdxH7O1ZCCQ&index=1#t=01m16s
/me hugs Flaria back
/me devolves to.......
THEPRETENDER
/me devolves to...
/me Shy
You gave us a link with a specific moment in the song? For shame...
"LETS RUN RIGHT AT IT AND USE BASIC ATTACKS IT WORKED SO WELL LAST TIME"
@SuperBrony yeah, its the best part
Also, I never saw that movie :P
hey does anyone have a link to a higher quality image from that pinkie pie comic at EqD right now?
Baby Flame! ....naw, I like Pepper Breath more.
In fact, I haven't seen any of the Transformers movies
It sounds so absurdly silly.
PEPPAH BREATH
POI
/me hugs AllisZero
Hiya!
LOL
agumon shinka!!!!
/me hugs Flaria back
its' voice XD
Oh hai dear
...He evolved, not digivolved ._.
Oh splendid, Digimon
the digivolved voices sound better in the dub, imo
Suddenly, Agumon uses bankia
I love that comic!
*bankai
yes, ty SuperBrony64
Ato ni kigatsuitara
Donna negai wo uso janai
Hito kanau kara, Show me your brave heart!
Shell is motorboat?
I think Pinkie Pie shipping with Discord would make an excellent fan ficiton.
lol
I think that defines crack shipping
so true
Crack shipping? Lol
shipping while you're on crack?
well...no
as in a ship that is so insane
oh
:(
It's not an insane shipping.
that it might as well have been done on crack
Wouldn't that be applespike?
Someone else drew the comic, not me :P
Applejack x An apple tree
:I
BloomBerg.
lol
Man, I stayed at work for 12 hours today
YES
Got home just in time to shower, prepare the bed to go to sleep to go back to work in the morning
damn I'm hungry
AppleBerg is the OTP
That comic about AJ and Spike is pretty cool as well.
AllisZero: Aww ;~;
that sucks AllisZero
Yeeeah, I don't even get paid overtime :p
Ouch
shenanigans
Yuck
Bootleg
if I thought it was gonna take that long I would've done more useful work than just wait there for the phone guy
MIMI <3
I was at school since 12 PM today, does that count? :P
Palmon was coolest rookie, imo.
I wishwishwishwish
I was umemployed all 24h ours today
hard work :P
Veemon was best rookie
Dumorimasoddaa: Alright! Way to stick it to the system :P
>yfw "pal" mean "dick" in portuguese and people laughed hard at Palmon
X3
because he became MAGNAMON
LOL
>yfw I had a friend whose poodle was named GARURUMON
LOL
more be skint as there is no work for like 5-10 miles either way
Hah!
:\
AllisZero: Did he used to make Bicycles?
I kid you not, we were such nerds
I went for a streeeeetch of a joke there
I can't afford to move to some place there is work either as I have no money
oooh 7 ok
Ugghghg
crap wrong copy-paste thing sorry
I should be working on German right now
inb4 color kick
So get this everypony...
I was in Target, right
Tuts tuts
SuperBrony64: Go on.
And I was just browsing the video game section and perusing some electronics
Not even thinking about it
Then some little girl yells to her father "LOOK MY LITTLE PONY!!"
I was right next to the My Little Pony section
lol
Long story short
/me hugs Dumorimasoddaa
I didn't buy My Little Pony :(
Yeah that's a passive perk for this fandom.
D:
/me hugs Flaria
:[
awwwwww
Lolo
I just couldn't do it *cries*
I own no pony merch
IDKLOL
I've not seen any in the UK
neither do I
He's nice :>
and I'm to needign to eat with my money
But I swear, SOMEDAY!
>love his fuckin kansai accent
Punch it in the face!
baaack =D
evolve ALL the digimon!
But my God, there was a Pinkie Pie toy that was about 12 inches tall that spoke lines from the show :<
One thing I liked about G1
A LOT
Whaaaaat
SuperBrony64: ;______;
I'd like to go there
It hurted
digimon is bringing waves of nostalgia now
And take a picture
was the hype for Angemon's evolution
my gooood
What? a G4 PINKIE?
Yup
Squeeeeeeeeeeeeee
i feel old
..
Hao do you swell water?
;w;
smell*
magic
tentomon jap voice is like a million times better than dub
Cursor maker, sometimes I love you...
damn campers
pure mother fucking mracles
hate them
flaria!
:|
how are rd cursors coming!
All voices are always better in jap
it's a troll
/me is afk and oh my lord a trolley
CosmicDashie: Uhh. Slow-ish.
Dubs are more often than not full of suck
bet they gonna look awesome =3
"GhosttTrolley? Nest get pm!"
What
What the hell happened to my typing
That wasn't even close.
My sentence I mean.
Zephirdd: This
how do I become a pony
I'll try again.
Magic.
Swerve: die and go to heaven, its Equestria.
"Ghost trolley? Best get on!"
It might have been this: http://www.mylittleponynews.com/2011/07/promo-dvd-with-fashion-style-pinkie-pie.html
but dont suicide, that will send you back to Earth
Ghost troll?
/me turns Swerve into Pony
I like ponies, but I dont feel the need to buy stuff though.
I randomly choose you to be…a unicorn pony
patamon :3
lol so cruel
So yeah, my partner in lab today spilt all of our mixture (which took 25 minutes to make) all over the table...
BRAWL
oh Matt, I hate thee so
BATTLE ROYALE
PRETENDER
patamon jsut so adorable :3
Y U HATE MATT?
HE RUINED MY OTP
Who's Matt?
Wait
also, I tend to dislike his character archetype
now that I think about R34b(If it exists, there is pony of it, no exceptions), is there any digimon/pony fanart?
the tall guy in green i think is matt
I've seen pokemon/pony, but I don't remember digimon
hmmmm
*looks in chat room*
Eh
I don't see a tall guy in green...
if there is Pony/digimon stuff
:I
I MUST FIND IT
Super brony, you... DO know the stream's on, right?
Nope.
XD
he just showed up there outta nowhere
:I
:P
SuperBrony64: Stream' sup.
DERP
Stream's up, even.
/me sighs
KABUUUUM
I guess I should go to bed
because I have class tomorrow
Seadramon, y u so mean
/me pats Flaria
meh
Are you alright?
We're watching Digimon?
yeah
I've been stressed all day and I dunno why.
Never sat down and watched the show before :P
watch pony Flaria, your stress will fade
awww i have to go for the night =c
see ya tomorrow everypony
/me hugs Flaria
Zephirdd: Maybe later. Pony music hasn't helped, though...
Me too :(
/me hugs SuperBrony64
/me waves
/me hugs CosmicDashie goodnight
later CosmicDashie
Sleep well! :3
I've got a quiz tomorrow and a homework assignment as well. Not to mention classes straight from 9 AM to 6 PM :S
But after that…PONY TIME!
>HE'S PISSED
/me pats Flaria on the shoulder.
HAHAHA
Lol, Digimon.
Sleep well
SuperBrony64: Ewww D:
And now I practice German. Repetitively. Online for half an hour. With a pre recorded voice.
Flaria: I hope you get better =) If I may, I'd recommend you to read the fic "A Drop of Moonshine" by Pen Stroke for some good laughs
ENTERTAIN ME PEOPLE
well, I'm out everypony
good night
That's why, I bang my head against the keyboard!
/me hugs #bronystate
/me hugs Zephirdd goodnight
*bangs head against the keyboard*
later Zephirdd
Sleep well, you! :3
Lol, yah missed.
Night Zephirdd
cya~
Power strokes?
These characters are speaking funny…doesn't sound anything like English *troll face*
Cya Zeph!
And thus…the room draws quiet...
/me hugs Dashite
BROOM
/me blasts some music.
THERE GO ALL THE HAIRS BEHIND MY NECK
QUIET, NOW?
ALL STANDING UP LIKE A GODDAMN SUPER SAIYAN
That digimon can't just randomly evolve...
AUGH! GET HIM OFF! GET HIM OFF ME!
That's not how Pokemon works :/
THERE GO ALL THE HAIRS AROUND MY ARMS AND BODY.
Kimi shika dekinai koto ga aru aoi hoshi ni, hikari ga nakuseru you ni
Oh dear, I'm so hungry...
OSHI DRAWFRIEND GOGOGOGOG
OH BOY!
Dang it EqD
same SuperBrony64
I'm working on stuff >_<
Drawfriend Stuff should ease the hunger
Ohai 3am
Haha, Diamond Dog proposing to Rarity.
>he could've gotten them food all along
I have a sudden urge to watch Transformers.
SPACE MARINE TRIXIE GOOD GOD
Hello.
Serious twi in a green sweatsuit <3
Hullo.
DAT DRAWFRIEND
Hullo KuchikiYorume
hey there KuchikiYorume
So... I've never been in a chat like this. Like, connected to a video and all that.
"As I sit here, basking in the glow emanating from my computer screen, I ask myself truthfully if the hunger of my soul outweighs the feeling of Ponies…"
To be continued...
When my friend told me about this, I assumed it was a forum of some sort.
KuchikiYorume, it's IRC :3
They are two separate entities that are married into one concept KuchikiYorume
You watch, we watch, you talk, we talk.
All in real time.
Except during BMN, then communication is impossible
except i don't watch :x
Either you watch quietly and shout obscenities in chat
ffffffff, I missed drawfriend 198
Well, I figured once I entered. But then, it's hard for me to focus when there's some sort of interesting show on. *shrug*
x3
It's nearly impossible during a Season 2 Premeire episode.
KuchikiYorume: We tend to comment about what we are watching.
like...
I remember when BMN was small and you could talk in it
Sometimes though, it's a live feed of requests on YouTube or drawings. That's when there's a large participation from the viewers (LIKE YOU)
I remember the summer movie nights.
it's why we comunicate via memes at times
"Where was Gondor when [insert thing here] was [insert noun verb]?"
Leaverage
Sometimes, in the dead of night...
Where was Gondor when Flaria was Natleyn
I like to imagine that...
Well, I'm pretty slow, so it may take me a while to fully understand. (yeah, I am a little dumb XD)
Dumorimasoddaa: Tru dat.
I'm a firetruck.
^whut
or
(I have that as my comment on the IM at work, I got a bunch of WATs all day)
WHere was BronySTate when the S2 stream crashed?
Omg Birdramon. I love Birdramon. And Seadramon... and Garurumon. I'm not too much into digimon, but I have one of the games.
Trending meme...
I LOVE ZELDA, HE IS SO COOL
...he?
XD
http://www.knowyourmeme.com
Lol, it's the "Idiot Nerd Girl" meme
I LOVE LINK, SHE IS SO HAWT
My Little Pony is ALWAYS trending.
because Friendship is views
My Little Pony is a big meme bag.
:3
I should be doing homework. XD
KuchikiYorume: Same here :/
Why do I need to know how to say "I am Mr. Wagner" in German.
I am NOT Mr. Wagner. :I
LOL
so John Joseco is drawing a human Scootaloo
Why do I have to write a freaking English paper... D:
>mfw the next thing it teaches me is "I am NOT Mr. Wagner"
http://knowyourmeme.com/videos/17697-internet-is-leaking
I LOLD
gg herospirit
With mango languages, if you take Chinese, it teaches you how to say
"What happened to your face?"
lol
/me huggles CloudRunner
I mean... is that really such a key phrase you need to know it to get by in China?
Apparently so.
Yes
perhaps
In Chian Faces go missing ALL the time
At least in my Japanese class we learned USEFUL phrases. Like "can I borrow your pencil?"
x3
Oh shit! I come here to give a report to Flaria and look what fucking awesomeness is playing!
Well, in the German course, it taught me to say "That is not his wife" and "this is not my child"
XD
YES!
X3
I'm getting reports~
This is not my child
That kid has too deep of a voice <<
BRILLIANT
ThunderLOLCats FTW
herospirit: Preparing you for Maury, eh?
Key phrase in Germany, apparently.
/me brohoofs FLaria for that one
Must be alot of adultery and genetics confusion there
herospirit: You stole my line
XD
:P
/me brohoofs ThePretender
good old Maury
I read the Pinkie Pie X Discord comic again
BAAAAAAAAAWWW
Man, they taught me "Oh Really" and I can't help but pronounce it like the German equivalent of "ORLY"
So, who is the awesome pony I have to thank for this stream?
I'm one of the few people not into pony pairings
newDCD\
I believe it is NewDCD
/me hugs Revolver
It is indeed NewDCD
But he's not here right now so leave a message after the beep.
*beep*
Thanks NewDCD! You rock!
when it comes to pairing, it's mainly rhe background ones
I think Birdramon is trolling them <<
tr56gtvrfcb?~}
{http://saintv812.sa.funpic.org/Sheets/UHM_Dhampir_3_15.pdf
like Octvaia and Vinyl
These people/digimon just wanna drink XD
wow epic falce roll there
/me takes German class for English speakers
sorry I think I need to sleep
/me learns to say "I understand no English"
....
the irony
Oh, not Birdramon. Don't judge an episode by its title XD
Lyra and Bon-Bon ThePretender
I managed to ctrl + v with my face
well, that too
Gius
noe even soure HOW
GUYS
GUUUYYYSSSS
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74mhQyuyELQ&feature=player_embedded
pausing for a sec
My god. put this on 1080p, fullscreen
And trip
preparing a playlist for the night
preparing a playlist for the night
/me is lol'ing in real life
Aslo,I love what you are doing here NewDCD
Heres a question for everypony: How do YOU pronounce Lyra? Do you go with Lie-ra or Lee-ra?
Lie-ra
Ohai Rider
I go with Lie-ra
NewDCD is here!
Yay! These ponies know how to pronounce names!
I think of it like "Myra" or "Nyra" which I pronounce in a similar manner.
But then... when you say "Lyra" I think of Pkmn HG/SS
/me should really get back to HG/SS
NewDCD: CloudRunner left you the following message: "Thanks NewDCD! You Rock!"
kay there we go
Alright everypony, going off to bed.
Good night to you all
Night AllisZero
Bye-bye!
I waited a year to play that game because I had the game but no DS
See you in the morning
later AllisZero
that should last through the night till I come shut it off 4 AM-ish
night Allis
/me hugs AllisZero goodnight
Sleep well!
Some people on youtube pronounce it Lee-ra. I cant see why, seeing as she has a Lyre on her flank.
/me hugs Flaria back
Good night :3
Night AllisZero
Night!
Lol, German has the best way to identify husbands and wives
exactly, CloudRunner, my rationale is due to the lyre
It's just "Mein Mann" or "Mein Frau"
So just my man or my woman.
yup
If Rainbow wasn't the best pony, Vinyl probably would be.
guttentag
Ich bin Berliner
guten abend
Aber nicht /ein/ Berliner?
Mein Little Ponies
I'm quoting Kennedy ;_;
The Mane 6 all tie. They are all equally awesome.
I think I'm doing it right...
Mein Kleines Pferden
Ja
WONDERBAR DAT GOOD YES?!
Mis Pequenos Caballos
...except I capitalized "klein"
Though I think in the dub they keep it as MY little Ponies
my bad
Dumorimasoddaa: NEIN!
And it's "wunderbar" :P
herospirit: It's mein wonderbar, I can choose to call it whatever I wish
The one thing I screw up with German is capitalising every noun
Air Shot = best attack.
I hear wunderbar, and I'm reminded of Richtofen from COD zombies
Lol XD
I <3 Air shot. I just love Patamon. ^^
"I got me a wonder waffle!"
And cute lil' Piyomon <3
Ooh, digivolve tiem
Veemon is best mon for me
epic SONG GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Piyomon is the one that digivolves into the badass with the chaingun right?
Oh yeah, Piyomon digivolves into BIRDRAMON! One of my faves!
don't think so, CloudRunner
it's Piyomon->Birdramon->Garudamon
Is it the little blue (striped) one with the horn? (cant fucking remember his name)
Garumon?
It's actually Pikachu -> Raichu, but you'll get the hang of it
yea that one! ^
Ohp, here it is, got back to "This is not my child"
... today just isn't my day.
Gabumon -> Garurumon -> Weregarugumon -> Metalgarurumon
Which one eventualy gets the fucking guns on its arm?
Flaria: :<
I want a Piyomon. ^^
What is wrong Flaria?
Terriermon -> whatever it evolves to
I have decided I don't like Meramon. It won't shut up.
I have to go now everypony. My people need me!
/me gives Flaria a hug.
Bai
*waves goodbye*
Bye SuperBrony64!
/me hugs SuperBrony64, CloudRunner and ThePretender
*Ichimaru Gin-style wave* Baibai!
/me waves goodbye to SuperBrony64.
Sleep well, SuperBrony64!
GIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIN
Cya Supes!
/me MECHA HUGs Flaria
Things just not going my way.
so, what's up Flaria? If you don't mind me/us asking?
Ugh I'm gonna make me a hot choclate then go to bed
I keep face planting the keyboard
that ain't good, Dumori
Tokomon is frickin scary D:
Annnnnd done.
okay guys going to bed
Going back to old gamecube games was terrible. :l I had fun, but... too arrogant, even if I /am/ that good.
/me hugs NewDCD goodnight
hope you enjoy the night lineup
Night NewDCD!
night
...arrogance is adorable.
I sure will!
later newDCD
Sleep well, my little mecha :3
If it's pulled off the right way...
also, most badass digimon are Magnamon and Imperialdramon Paladin Mode
^ yea probably
I feel like I have a ball of darkness in the pit of my... I'd say stomach, but its more like the center of, well, myself.
I don't remember my digimon very well :I
I just played one of the games, so I don't know very many either.
Release it Flaria
Cant remember his name but the 5 storie fossil dinosaur that Greymon digivolves into is by far the most badass
Don't be afraid of the dark energy in your soul
Flaria: :( Do you need a hug?
I'd like one. u.u
STORIES
/me hugs Flaria again!
/me hugs
RELEASE YOUR SOUL ENERGY FLARIA
/me hugs ThePretender and KuchikiYorume
cheer up, Flaria!
What sort of Soul Energy?
THE ELEMENT OF DARKNESS IS IN YOU
Flaria feel the energy flowing through you! Let it build up. Let it get super concentraited. And then, RELEASE!!!
what herospirit and CloudRunenr are saying
You say "soul energy" and I just think Reiatsu/Spiritual Pressure...
Direct it through your body! Form it between your hands!
ahh, good old Bleach
My name screams "Bleach fan" XD
'cause of the sirname in there, obviously
Kind of. xD
>yfw I'm not even referencing anything
my name screams "MRCHANG"
I was talking about how to succesfully Shoop your Whoop.
all you gotta do, is rouse that fighting spirit! FEEL THAT HOT BLOOD COURSE THROUGH YOUR BODY AND LET IT PERMEATE YOUR SOUL
Hmmm
How would I pronounce "Dark Sphere" in bad engrish?
MrChang: Oh you
Toshi is best Captian
/me clears his throat
Daaku sufiiaa!
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWK
RAISE YOUR FIST TO THE HEAVENS AND LET 'EM HAVE IT!
SUUUUUFIIIIIIIIIIIIIIAAAAAAAAA
also, Yoruichi is best captain
/me huggles herospirit
ThePretender: This
when she was a captain
Yoruichi needs to respect the nobility higher than her. D<
:3
herospirit daruku Spfear
Shinouin are pretty high up in social status, but there is a better clan...
daraku spfear?
pfffft
no Kuchiki could catch up to her!
Which is why she flaunts it... because it's the ONLY thing she's better than Kuchikis at. <3
im watching moar house
ahmigawd
OH NO YOU DIDN'T
its so good
makes me just wanna club a baby seal
Chang
say what O_O
has anyone seen the episode where Toshiro is allowed to go all out? That fucking badass freezes the entire area within a 5 mi radius.
That's your answer to everything
ewwwwww Toshiro
I've only gotten to the bount arc. And YES I WILL WATCH IT.
Last 3 episodes of the Bount arc are made of the EXACT same flashback.
you've reference one of my least favorite parts of Bleach, CloudRunner
Kenpachi is my favourite current captain <3
I was very dissapoint
Kenpachi is best captain
^
and Halibel was best Espada ;_;
Ooh, Kenpachi's my third favourite captain. Well, unless you don't count Gin, then he's my second favourite.
RIP sweet princess
/me bows in awe of the great and powerful Kenpachi Zaraki
Night all
/me hugs Dumori goodnight
Sleep well!
/me sheds manly tears for Halibel.
Kenpachi is badass.
later Dumori
/me hugs Flaria
Hey guys, this is LordCelestia. Sorry I havent been able to be on here a lot in the past few days, ive been really busy.
If he reached SHIKAI he'd blow up the world D:
later #bronystate
Ha, figures a Bleach convo would start just as I'm going to bed. Oh well, health is a factor, no choice. G'night yall
well, Kenpachi's sword is the same type as Ichigo's
meaning he's in permanent Shikai
later CriticKitten
Well, I'm always willing to talk about Bleach. Just look for KuchikiYorume! XD
ThePretender What is wrong with Toshi having the most powerfull ice type sword? KuchikiYorume Gin is no captian
Yeah, I know
night Dumori
ThePretender: I too shed tears for Harribel. >_<
But if you count him from before the betrayal, than he's my second fave
well, I don't like the character much...and THAT part had him beta Hallibel and I was like "NOOOOOO ;_;"
and then he split someone in half. :I
Gin's my second favourite character regardless
*beat
OhTheyDodged
My favourite character... well, I'd be pretty worried if you haven't figured that out by now XD
Flaria I was sad to find out that Lilinet dies fast
all the good Espada died badly
.....
Starrk/Lilinet, Hallibel
I lold at Nell's full name
Zommari deserved to die. I don't know much about it, but still. XD
I'm glad I don't really plan on watching Bleach
Because you guys are just throwin' spoilers around will nilly
That fag with 50 something eyes? KuchikiYorume
Yes.
That guy.
he's voiced by Grim in the dub
from Billy and Mandy
yea. arrogance like that is awefull.
herospirit sorry bout that
And Zommari's arrogance... is intolerable. I loved watching the backwards race in the AE though.
*RobotSnatch*
Nell's name is the only German sounding one out of the lot.
Bleach... egh.
lol
It's fine, I'll probably forget them by the time I start watching the show, if I ever do.
I like it, but by Celestia it just doesn't stop
/me hugs Flutterguy
^ this
Hiya!
Hey you!
And hey everyone
Flutterguy! I wanted to ask you today!
Huh?
agreed Flaria
You were the one playing Terraria, right? o_o
Yeah, which reminds me.
Yeah... I just hope no more of my favourite characters die. Not saying who died, but one of them... well, rest in peace, my friend.
I found a jungle rose by accident. :3
Whoa, boob rockets XD Ahh, digimon
Yeah, I was wondering if you and me could play some time.
Oh, yeah, that'd be cool.
Flutterguy: D: Jelly! Its a 1:500 drop, I think
z;0
I like Terraria. Problem is, unless I play on hardcore it is no longer fun
Flutterguy: What are you playing?
'cause I haven't played in a long while and I was thinking of building a Flaria character.
I was gonna get rid of my Star Cannon char.
How much does Terraria cost, again?
I mean, seriously
$10 herospirit
Star cannon and 2000 fallen stars?
:l
Terraria, then? I've never heard of it.
And Flaria, That'd be cool.
Yay! ;3
I'm still noob at it though XD
MEGGGA
FUUUDAAMMUUUU
BRRRRREEEEAAAAAAKAAAAAAAAH
/me couldn't resist
Just tell me when you'd like to play and we can go for it Flaria.
No, "Buureekaaaaa" XD
Kuchiki, from what I've seen, Terarria is like fantasy RPG meets Minecraft
sort of
I guess Terraria's like 2D Minecraft.
It's 2D
2d minecraft with much more combat-oriented gameplay
NNNNG
I haven't played Minecraft though :/
NNNNNNIIIIIIIIIIINNJJJJJJJJJJAAAAAAAAAAAA
Damnit Flutterguy! I knew someone would say "2d minecraft"!
Remember, if you wanna katakana-ize everything, the only character without a vowel sound in it is "n" so there has to be a vowel after almost everything XD
Terraria... oh, then I do know what it is.
CloudRunner you mad bro? XD
I saw someone playing it today at school XD
Terraria is like Minecraft, yes, but Minecraft is, even with 1.9, more of a building game
Kind of.
/me hugs FlutterBro13
Welcome back!
Hey Flutterbro
And then friendship
Damn! Flaria has hawk eyes active on the user list!
DIGIMON?!?
Im reading some shakespeare right now
Terraria is an adventuring game with building elements, Minecraft is a building game with adventure elements
yep
What Flaria said!
^^
At least, right now.
/me is busy
/me nick FlutterBro13|Busy
Minecraft is going more adventure-y and Terraria is adding more decorative stuff.
oh gog
A sewer? How much do you wanna bet they'll run into a Sukamon? >>
this show is about to get 10X more poop eating
Philosoraptor: If you're sleepy before you sleep, then are you groggy before you drink grog?
lol
huh
I guess so...
"Man who makes mistake on moving elevator... fails on many levels"
XD
...lol
good old Confucius, herospirit
Knowyourmeme has another trending thing
involving Confucius
:p
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting a tomato in a fruit salad
XD
rubenflonne, hiya
http://chzsomuchpun.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/funny-puns-confucius-say.jpg
which season?
1
Flutterz: Dang it. xD
Ahaha, Flutterz XD
x3 i feel silly yes, the japan ending x3
/me lacks a good saying to say.
:D
i only liked season 1 and 2
hated season 3
beginning was intresting in 3 and then it went down hill
Numemon? Have you guys played Digimon World DS, where there's that one girl that's like, in love with Numemon? (I think that's what it's called)
sadly I ahve not
I've played DWDS
but that sound s hilarious
Mother of Celestia the final boss was OP
I was OHKO-ing everything but him
HIm I barely scratched :l
Well I gotta go. Night everypony! See you tomorrow!
Bye CloudRunner!
/me hugs CloudRunner goodnight
baibai!
Sleep well!
later CloudRunner
/me Waves over shoulder while walking into the horison.
lol
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/newsfeed/000/136/406/tumblr_lmvcxavV7T1qe11kdo1_400.png?1308412553
night Runnah
i only emulated the digimon games really, besides digimon world
....
right now they are beta testing a digimon MMO
She dreams of doing laundry?
Her life must SUCK
lol
I dream of... more interesting things. ;)
indeed they are ruben
im enjoying it
oh, you're in it?
I dream of....
being a Pony. :I
only problem i have with it is the annoyence of no character changijng
I dream of my ex and I'm like WHYYYYYYYYY
Last night, I had a dream that my sister had a flamethrower. >> And she nearly burned down the house.
No, actually. Never had a dream where I'm a pony.
or had to use season 4 digimon
or 5 i forgot
Had dreams with ponies in them though.
I had my first pony dream last night
OH NOOOOOOOO
DANG IT
But I dream about ... someone... <3
IT'S SHITMON
EqD STOP MAKING ME WANT PONY STUFF <3
lol
ew
thats why they are known as viruses
looks like the shit's...hit the fan
lol
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
what i like about digimon you can use them kinda like computer programs
Oh no, the liiiiiiiiiight!
It burns us, it burns us!
some point if your good at computers you might hack them just like the guy in season 2 did, forgetting hsi name
*goes to digimon wiki*
I want to say Ken
Yo dog who left these vending machines all over the fucking place
its ken
Someone has to clean this shit up you know
What I'm wondering is how the heck they're managing to poop this much >>
Fiber. Lots of fiber.
lol yes it was ken his digimon was wormmon
I knew someone would say that
HEART ATTACK~!
WaruMonzaemon was scary
Oh, I hate that bear
It scares the crap out of me
BOOM
and that episode made me feel bad for the poor Numemon
agreed
People who want to know why I don't make separate Working in Background and Busy cursors: The only difference between the two, according to Microsoft themselves, is that you can still interact with stuff using Working in Background
Saved by the shitmon
No thanks, I don't wanna date someone who threw shit at me
geez, she could at least thank it. :I
....For the saving. Not for the shit.
Flaria, yah that's about right
Babes in Toytown, anyone :P
FLUTTERX
AHHHHHHHHHHH NOOO
YOU SHUT YOUR WHORE MOUTH
Whoa wut
FLUTTERZ WHY
>:I
;D
xD
ctrlx: Busy apparently doesn't even have a hotspot, so you can't click on anything
as I said on the FB page
i liked matts japanese voice
WOrst movie clause is best clause
....For a perfect level, he kinda sucks
welcome to toy town* cyclopes eyes*
/me yawns
...Low SPD, high DEF, I guess.
ugh. i feel exhausted. i got a lot done today though. i'm gonna roll into bed super super super early tonight.
/me hugs ctrlx
gnite everypony~
/me hugs Flaria
Sleep well, you.
:3
goodnight
:33
later crtlx
g'night ctrlx
also very high con indeed
/me snuggles up with his pinkie pie plushie
Lovely attack = the very most retarded thing I've seen in this show thus far
Bye ctrlx!
Ikr
its heart attack :D they die of a heart attack! :D
See, now I wouldn't really have a problem with having the main cursor in most of the loading animations....
But it wouldn't even fit in Twi's book animation. :l
/me sighs
by the way he is one of the worst ultimate digimon
well power wise
aggro'd the boss
He's not ultimate he's perfect :0
I swear, that thing is pedobear
I'm surprised no one's made a pedobear joke
...
lol
Level 85 Pedobear
._.
my timing is spectacular
Yes.
Pretender, MY timing is better.
I think I stepped in something! XD
it's is utterly SMASHING
thats not what his wiki says, he is a ultimate level digimon, vaccine
What, the bear?
Sorry, I was using the japanese names >->
He's pretty weak.
ya
pretty weak for a ultimate as i said
He's more defensive, but that's... ehh
"Ultimate" in Japanese is what "Mega" is in English
ah right
so what did they call mega digimon level in japan
Cactuses, ATTACK!
Ultimate
I've only played Digimon World DS, and anime is... well, it fluctuates.
:l
Fuck ya cactuse
WaruMonzaemon is frightening
THEME MUSIC POWER UP
that one is a mega digimon
they called Ultimate ones "Perfect" and called Mega ones "Ultimate"
ah
my bad then
...Did a Champion level just beat an Ultimate level?
eeeyup
I think
he really DID suck
but yes a champion level won up to a ultimate thats saying something about him
he sucks
Palmon, thank you for beating the shit out of me
i miss HEAET ATTACK x.x
heart**
not lovely
Anyone else think "Rookie -> Champion -> Ultimate -> Mega" is kinda stupid?
Dope attack
nah
I'd switch the last two, personally.
same
same
YESH
/me highfive
I've always thought that
same
/me huggles herospirit
You'd think being trapped in one of those heart bubble things would make you... er...
i don't know i thought it seems resonable
I'd switch the last two Japanese ones as well; why is Ultimate better than Perfect?
exactly
that especially bothers me
well, we all know
that Japan is a REALLY strange place
XD
XD
XD
x3
C-C-C-COMBO BREAKER
Was born there~ ...don't remember anything from it though...
put on the digimon movie :D the first one
if you have it
I was two when we moved away D:
herospirit: "Alternate Select is used as a separate cursor for selecting things in certain applications."
O I C
>mfw they need two select cursors 3:<
Lol XD
The name Ikkakumon makes me laugh now
WHY DO YOU NEED ANOTHER CURSOR FOR SELECTING SOMETHING
I'll just use... uhhh...
Welcome back, Flutterz.
anyone here like the amarican opening music vs this?
the link select for the alternate select
<- me
that's what I'll do
I wasn't gone for THAT long, Flaria :P
I do too
Flutterz: Still. xD
I actually haven't seen any of the show until now, so... XD
But I have Nostalgia goggle
goggles*
Yes, Nostalgia goggles ftw
i like it because it sounds better personaly
this seems meh
Okay wait
Yalls need to hear the English G4 theme
lemme grab it real fast.
xD
ah, THAT one
wait, it the Cactusmon a Champion?
ya
that really is a weak ultimate then
we don't get their ultimate forms till they get back to the real world
and yes he was very very weak ultimate
actually, they get their ultimate in the next big arc
with the crests/tags
The Eldest Scroll
http://digimon.wikia.com/wiki/GigaWaruMonzaemon this one scares me very much so
O_O
I wish the first half of the lyrics were less cheesy, but
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjJsh_Oaw6E <--- best digimon opening
AWWWW
OH SWEET JESUS THAT'S A SCARY BEAR
embedding disabled
*burns it because its season 4*
one sec.
and yes its much more scary then warumonzaemon
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yku9_IlDUkY
you are bringing back memories herospirit
AS WE WORK TOWARDS ONE SOLUION
there we go this one works
The first half is so-so
second half is epic
kefka that swiping card thing blah
I liked season 4, well...because I'd always wanted to turn into a Digimon myself...
I can see that.
Like, understand it, that kind of thing.
herospirit: I can't find anything on the internet saying where Handwriting is used as a cursor. :l
in honest opinion i did not like the egg digivolving but i enjoyed the DNA digivolving
not the human merging DNA digivolving
Just ignore it then Flaria :p
Yeah, but some ponies don't like not having a cursor for everything...
yeah DNA digivolving was awesome
Paildramon was a boss
Geez, this girl reminds me of someone ELSE who eats weird things. D:
just hated the DNA digivolving between armaarmodillo and patamon
Shankuamon?
building up to the awesome fusion and get get a claydoll
indeed
FIGHT HIM JYOU
Zephyrmon was cool, but a bit confusing
because of gender
You say Claydoll and I think Claydol... (I like Pokemon better than Digimon)
i was suprised it was not easy to break that digimon xD i was thinking that and laughing
xD
well here let me get you the digimon
also claydol is based on the old breakable dolls
I love how it can blow itself up though XD
Hey. Flaria. I'm going to make you cry now.
YOU READY?
PUT YA GUNS ON
/me waits for Flaria to be ready
/me thinks she's ready....?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OlzpGC8wytE
;_;
yay legend of dragoon
... not crying, but I need this OST.
love that battle system
NEED
;;_;;
;;;;_;;;;
I need to play this too, I guess.
I've heard of Legend of Dragoon...
So have I
Ah, I thought you had played it Flaria
Lavitz first has his theme played at a sad moment in the game
don't read the comments on the youtube page
It contains MASSIVE SPOILAHS
wtf
Okay.
...those gears look blue to me.
Why are those black gears blue?
OH YAH
I AM NINJA FOR ONCE
they are all color blind
they call them black because xD they are evil
Well yeah XD
are you saying all black things are evil?
So Ruben
ALICORN
/me lurk :x
you played LoD?
MOTHERFUCKING CELESTIA DIGIMON
also yes he is, only a champion though if i remember
*checks*
champion
A wild black gear appears!
ya he is
CELESTIA NOOOOOOOOOOO
Bye Chang
also ya, dig into that back :D
and soon to become trollestria :D
hero, check pm?
Because if you played Legend of Dragoon, then you can vouch for me that it's reasonable for me to tear up. :I
Alright, I'll play it when i get a working PSP.
im trying to forget the scene myself
I don't like games that are sad XD I'm a wimpy lil gal XD
it was sad
nah she wants to sen them to hell
send**
and this was a strong chmpion xD
Don't hit mah butt!
champion
lol molestria :D
wut
xD
That's what he said
best smart idea yet xD
Celestia has digivolved into Molestia
xD jyou
Me gusta.
We were talking about LoD, so this is obligatory
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9iabaILvxA&feature=related
Big fluffy thing!
oh ya this was first gomamon's digievolution
then he digivolves to Zudomon
aka
I HAVE A FUCKING HAMMER
thor
oh yes xD
Aww.
Gomamon is so cute
quite
marching fishes :D
Sweet mother of- I need to be in bed soon D:
awww
I knew I had to go to the Doctor's tomorrow, but I forgot that I need to be up at like... 6.
D:
AHH WELL
ouch
lol they found out they are in a middle of no where island :D
Normal sleep time is in 20 minutes anyway
that computer must have sucked xD
That's where I go "Oh fu-"
i miss the old data island
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiI4c99zHPg&feature=related
:0
get some sleep flaria, i hope you can get up
Messanger of JUSTICE? XD
also rosa needed to fucking stick to one accent i agree xD
So
I guy in a spandex appeared
rubenflonne: I usually get up at 6 for classes after going to sleep at midnight (in 20 minutes)
waved his arms
and then he woke up on an island naked
.......
O.o
ah
/me is lost and confused.
xD
/me hugs Lagmobile
Digimon is an alagory for rape
Yo
Welcome back ;3
XD
Hey lagmobile
Ohai lag
oh hey lagmobile
good to be back
lagmoblie does not sound like the best mode of transportation xD
this is still going on?
indeed
Lagmobile: DCD set it up on a long playlist and went to sleep. xD
on a very awesome one on that note
Digimon playlist is best playlist
xD
rubenflonne I can tell you from experience it IS NOT an awesome mode of transportation...
xD
hero, check pm :<
oh yeah, has eveybody liked the Brony Movie Night page on FB?
i did long time ago
I havnt used FB in months
haduken
I hate social networking with a burning passion for some reason...
I did so yesterday
everyone treats him like a ultimate
epic map is epic
well, he IS fairly strong for a champion
well viruses do tend to be stronger soemtimes
I don't remember who the big bad ends up being
for G1
Must. Catch. Paper.
... the fcc must of had a field day...
XD
noes, the map!
with that line at least..
"KILL THE CHILDREN!"
or however you spell that
Man... that Digimon even sounds a little like Tousen. And it's some Digimon of Justice...?
Probably not the same seiyu, but still XD
Children cast Mass Divivolution!
Digivolution*
Anime cliche No. [ive lost count] - Calling your attacks [CHECK]
"They evolved." ...no shit.
no shit they evolved how'd you guess?
lol
what's with the timings today?
evolved from Myotismon
rocks fall, everyone dies?
nope.avi
just chuck testa
GM: Yup
actually, MaloMyostismon from S2 came from Myotismon
Stop crossing the memes Flutterz!
he has 3 digievolutions apparently
LIKE A BAWS
Do you want to be dissasembled molecule by molecule?
....
I find your lack of memes disappoint
it takes 4 champion levels to stop a rock
DUMB ROCK
Lagmobile: And again, that reminds me of something Bleach-related -_-
THEY KILLED TOM
Normal building my ass.
Lagmobile: Well, I'm a tard >>
xD normal building in the middle of no where and you trust it
after you where being chased xD
Well, isn't that what you do in an anime?
It happens in Pokemon, too
STOP IT! dont OPEN that DOOR!
Now food?
they obsesive over food
isnt this how scary movie 1 starts?
Every time I see Tokomon, I almost pee myself D:
and normally
ITS A TRAP
xD because of its mouth xD
isn't it?
poison food xD
Don't you know not to break into peoples' houses and steal their food?
Alright bronystate, this is goodnight
Bai
Bye LC!
/me hugs LordCelestia goodnight
Sleep well!
Night lordcelestia
goodnight LordCelestia
later LordCelestia
again
haha
lol
ok bye
>mfw my computer goes into sleep mode installing updates
Also
normally known as a legion digimon because it took so many digimon to make him
h8 that
take care lordcelestria
>mfw I turn my computer off with 2 hours of battery life left and it dies installing updates
im curious of what digimon are living in my computer
Dude...
lol
lol
rape
OH GOD RAPE
This is hard for a gal to watch XD
ninja
Even though I won't see anything XD
Oh Gomamon.
gg GOMAMON
Ive seen enough hentai...
>mfw Laptop battery says 99% charge, unplug and instant death ;_;
dat ass
To know where this is going
lol, Lagmobile
Flutterguy: I know that feel, bro ;__;
Now we know Kuchiki's gender
wait
WAIT
Dat awkward silence
xD
This reminds me of Goldilocks and the Three Bears
A female in Bronystate... who ISN'T A MODERATOR!?
They go into someone's house, eat their food, and go to bed
O_O
DAFUQ IS GOING ON
Why are there so many beds?
/me huggles KuchikiYorume
and shit in toilet
Yay~
...if any of you were here before, you would've guessed.
Wut
XD
TROLL
TROLL IN THE DUNGEON
built by a virus and tehy fell for it :D trololololol
Kuchiki
Yes?
/me brohoofs Lagmobile
/me hoof
We can't trust our gender differentiating instincts
dafuq
xD
what am i watching
because of a /certain somepony/ here.
Wtf
Lagmobile faints.
MY GOD
WHAT
DA
Dude.. I come back on the BLAM episode...
BWAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Oh no, it's da justice digimon!
Do digital monsters really need to use the bathroom?
known**
Oh no! Illusions!
and yes
herospirit, ready to leave? :0
Dammit he spec'd in illusion!
Mnnnnnggg.
dont they qualify as video game charcters technicaly?
I really should go
Also. :l
But digimon? xD
BUT I WANNA STAY ;_;
D:
Video game characters never need to use the bathroom...
then stay
STAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
whats the problem :P
School in the morning.
DAT 3D
Stay and get creative with us...
I've got school in the mornin too. XD
herospirit: Finish the episode! ;3
no vacation?
love how a champion digimon splits the island :D yay viruses
Same here
...Also my parents are like one room away from me sooo
...get... creative...?
Not like I could pretend
but its pretty early for me :P
KUCHIKI DONT ASK
I hava vacation starting today
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DONT ASK
...
You're... psychic...
HADUKEN
End of the episode!
FFFFFFFF
EqD WHY NOW
Unless you were talking about my creative question. Then... yeah.
Fuck it, I'll look in the morning
Cause dari is part troll?
lol
What time is it for you, Kuchiki
.... right, midnight
...10:00 about...
If it's night... you don't want to know about... "creativity"
Half man half troll
:0
10pm exact
ALL MOD
indeed
/me giggles about said creativity
let's not get creative
Aww
Oh god
NO CREATIVITY
lol
PLEASE NO
Kuchiki
XD
/me gets creative with herospirit
If we showed you now
:O
*fetal position*
bow chicka bow wow
x3
You would have SO MANY NIGHTMARES
/me is starting to enjoy his creative side
you would have ALL THE NIGHTMARES
Well, if it's pony yuri, then probably D:
No.
Anyway~.
Not Pony related
...wat
It is... staring into insanity itelf
itself*
Lets rolll.
Would you kindly GO AND GET CREATIVE WITH US?
Oh gog the creativity
pun untended
Flutterz: I see what you did there
/me can't stop giggling
Okay Flaria let's do dis
intended lol
WHOO
lol nice one flutterz
ALL ABOARD THE COLE TRAIN
/me hugs everypony and I mean EVERYPONY in #bronystate
WOOOOOO
GOODNIGHT ALL
:D
SLEEP WELL!
Night hero
/me hugs Flaria
Bye herospirit!
MAY YOUR DREAMS BE FILLED TO THE BRIMS WITH PONY!
/me hugs back* goodnight*
And bye Flaria!
Bai!
later Flaria and herospirit!
*hugs*
try not to get to creative in your sleep
See y'all tomorrow!
WOO. NIGHT.
But that's the funnest thing ever!
/me gets creative with the darkness
You to flaria?
/me likes those dreams
Yep.
/me hugs Lagmobile goodbye
Alright night then
that sounds dirty taken out of context
...well yeah.
/me hugs flaria back
the getting creative with things
I think that's the point XD
let darkness fill you :D
*blush* D:
>>
I like the colour green...
NOOOO
xD
Lagmobile whyyyyyyy
Sorry
;_;
yay context
im creeping myself out actually...
Well Im get a huge jug of Brain Bleach: Pony scented...
SHOO BEE DOO
xD
Wait... wut?
SHOO BEE DOO
Pony scented... Brain Bleach?
damn it pret no
/me calls upon the seaponies.
Im going to watch ponies
less confusing?
i like pepper breath more
i burned them
no shit
XD
Wow, took you THAT long to no tice?
*notice
tai is very dense
anyone who wears the googles are dense
I noticed...
So... it said its name... is it pretending to be a Pokemon?
nah just an introduction before freezing your azss
ass**
arse*
Well no, it said it again
Disregard Digimon; AQUIRE PONIES!
its saying its attack nots its name
oh now it said its name
you were saying?
mods are asleep, post ponies
XD
PONIES
I've gotta go too, good night everypony.
Na?
Oh he cutie mark chronicals episode
Bai Flutterguy
HO SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET
g'night Flutterguy
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-B_e129EjUJ4/ToOV8bo-hVI/AAAAAAAAM5k/8-wosJ9iwRc/s1600/sm_trixie+copy.png
Night Fluttergy
take care flutterguy
TRIXIE THOUSAND SONS
epic pic
later Flutterguy
If you guys were ponies, what would your cutie marks be?
NES controller
hands down
A keyboard + mouse
Mine would probably be a flame.
hmmmmm
something to do with micro biolgoy of genetic engineering most likely a cell with DNA coming out of it
or a microscope with a cell next to it
something relating to determination
biology**
I would like it to be a computor chip...
Actually, no
Mine would be a pony
:P
a spiral
Or a fractal
PONY-CEPTION
"A pony aquring its cutie mark" cutie mark?
my mind...
its been blown
/me 's mind is blown.
xD
Yeah, I'd rather not hug a snowman
What he says is that he doesn't find him hot or attractive
Dun-dun-duuunnnn frostbite!
Yamato!
Cannons online!
>mfw I find a currently active forums with NO pony presence whatsoever.
frozen to death :D
It's the abomidable snowman!
Hi all
oh hey its bigfoot
xD
Why are children douchebags? in all forms of animated media?
welcome back celestria
Everything I say is ninja'd!
and because they are
dude you can put your arms down now xD your not carrying us
should I slowly insert the bronies in a forum I know that has zero brony presence?
also GODAMNIT FLUTTERSHY FLAP YOUR TINY WEAK PREPUBESANT UNDEVELOPED WINGS AND SAVE YOURSELF!
FLAP DAMNIT
FLAP!
do it Dermathil
xD
Procced in thy act, homo
heheheh
its a rp community though
about 300 people max
I think I'd feel bad if they didn't like it...
KuchikiYorume: ... Me gusta
awwww
XD
Anyone here? Or does my Internet suck
Hiya, LordCelestia!
D'aww filly Rarity
your internet sucks lord
you're back, LordCelestia
Oh hey my leige
xD
BATTLE ROYALE
I thought you were going to bed sire?
AMBUSH
dat ass
Replay
dat rape
whoa
This flank is now DIAMONDS
This diamond is now FLANKS
This is a silly slappy fight XD
lol
<3 fight
fun fact: not the only time these two come to blows
Of course
they hate eachother in a brother way xD
holy shit he's strong
Id rather not go back to the Digi World... Its a rather silly place...
Right when they make up in a sense, they fall off a cliff
A TEST! MY LIFE IS RUINED!
xD
Oops
Did I do that?
XD
same, I have a philosophy test tomorrow -_-
and I haven't even started studying
oh hi there fridgemon xD
lol
thats a lot of gears o_O
actually I was talking about the CMChronicles episode of MLP...
Gears in the wall?
its what caused the island to split
But fuck I just remebered I have a Math30 test tomorrow...
fuck
Yeah, let's just skip the spinning thing, please XD
i know
doesn't matter
:P
I'll hold, you punch
xD
Then suddenly, Pinkie Pie out of no where...
digimon tactics
"FOREVER"
dat 80's style perm...
friends....FOREVER!
"So... do we know how to drive this island now?"
"... i thougth you knew?"
XD
and then their little friendship talk was over in matter of moments xD
XD
Okay, that said "asu" but I thought it said "ass" for a sec
The pros and cons of having a part-time job that can be done at home on a computer:
I can work at any time
but end up procrastinating so badly I have to do everything on the last night
D:
oh dear sorry to hear that
"I once flew so hard all my friends went though puberty AT THE SAME TIME!"
lol
wtf xD
also that sucks
Testosterone outburst
What the fu-
Im still looking for a job :P
what happened to digimon x.x
wut is this i dont even
I think DCD
set up some Kamen Rider
lol
I think youre right
and of course Pinkie is the one to sexy pounce RD...
wat
Ponies
because
"sexy pounce"
awww x.x no more digimon poopy
alright bronies, half past midnight. CYALL 'MORROW
see ya later
later Dermathil
Bai
C ya Dermathil
wait... "sexy pounce"?
/me thinks this sounds fun
At the end of cutie mark chronicals
dont tell me im the only one with a dirty mind that instantly jumps to dirty thoughts at the slightest provocation...
catch your all later, going to play minecraft and abit of castlevania harmony of dispare
Dat reused Barry Punch walk cycle animation
Night Rubenflonne
Lagmobile: No, you're not the only one with a dirty mind that instantly jumps to dirty thoughts XD
I'm the same way
FINALLY
/me Brohoofs KuchikiYorume
:)
Oh hey they made a pony socks referance!
7th time ive seen this episoe and i JUST notice it...
dat lightning
omg its jesus
otherwise why would he have holes in his hands?
Dat dangerous industrial sized mixer...
take care all it was nice to meet you :3
dat vision
brb bathroom
dat bathroom
Night again rubenlonne
later rubenlonne
also
lol
what did I miss?
my chat conked out on me
lol
nothing special
rubenflonne*
k
night ruben, btw
awkward...
Me giving up on digimon and watching ponies
also, you're not the only one with a dirty mind Lagmobile XD
I thought Mr. Breezy only sold Quills and Sofas...
Where the fuck did he get the fan from?
back
it's raining!
Pausing MLP... Its wednsday, Zero Punctuation day!
It's Thursday for some, though XD
Also Extra Credits :P
White Power!
Ranger!
indeed
Spiderman
/me has the weirdest boner right now. XD
WolverinexSpiderman
A wild cop appears!
dat aim
/me murdered the irc
/me uses Phoenix Down on this chat.
LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIVVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEE
nobody seems to have been resurrected...
darn
/me heart beat.... Heart beat...
sweet!
/me flatline.........
:(
:'(
lol
Awkward silence
Who are- later.
/me is watching mythbusters
Well, good night everypony
Wtf just happened
done working, can sleep
night then flutterz
...the first thing I saw was that ThePretender has the weirdest boner >>
Find your corpse Lagmobile
or talk to the spirit healer
No one take my loot
but beware the Resurrection Sickness
but beware the Resurrection Sickness
wut
why did it repost?
w/e
Is been 6 hours and I forgot to save...
aaaaand I got kicked
goodnight
night flutterz
/me ghost hug
/me ghosthoof
Oh god its becoming permanent!
later Flutterz
QUICK FIND MY CORPSE
ehehe ;^^
sorry about that KuchikiYorume
XD That's okay
I just thought it was funny
yay for 80's Spiderman then
Did someponysay "Spiderman thread?"
OH NO
WE'RE ALL GONNA GET WEBBED
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_Z7H2o1JpUG8/TVInv9-RfzI/AAAAAAAAATQ/UBPCM-Rdt-E/s640/tumblr_lf0dsincaL1qfor9to1_500.jpg
XD
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lkqmpvC76K1qhgj0q.jpg
OH GOD
SPIDEY NOOOOO ;_;
http://lolbot.net/pix/15009.jpg
Wow it took that long for shes a pony to get recognized...?
...
I mean- http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lo19kvTJOZ1qkuov4o1_400.jpg
that's so mean, Spidey!
ThePretender: http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/202/spiderman31.jpg/
/me is crying in the corner now.
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/original/000/120/820/billy.jpg
hahaha
I'm gonna go
no Spiderman better than 80's SPiderman
awwww
What
later KuchikiYorume
I couldnt find ne that realted to the conversation...
Chat's flipping out on me
I'm probably gonna had out too
BF3 beta in a few hours
Later KuchikiYorume
I can't read anything you guys are saying. :(
Bye
And theprtender
later spidermobile!
Im good now
I think il head out too
see everypony tomorrow then
Hi
dammot
*dammit
/me pokes Octavia
29?!
Dat too low...
The_Watcher!
That makes 30.
31
31.5
04There is a red spy in Brony State
orz
Oh boy, now the Bronies come out of the woodwork :/
No love for Zoidberg huh?!
(V) (;,,;) (V)
I tried
You attempted such a feat.
I am proud of you.
Someone is banging on the wall loudly outside.
Not cool.
bitchslap them
/me slaps wall
Ow.
It's not very effective...
g'morning
Good evening Diftraku!
It's nearly nap time.
But so much studying still needed...
:3
/engage twilightmode?
/me engages Twilight Mode
Twilight is best pony.
http://knowyourmeme.com/i/000/038/732/original/633673088039538329-nukethemfromorbit.jpg
If I had a dollar for TWILIGHT IS THE BEST PONY, I'd have $!.
And yes, I do mean $!
lol
For the lulz: http://youtu.be/f838ShhijgA
And then…the sound…of silence.
Grr…my door keeps opening by itself.
So, what's everypony's favorite pony?
Poor Hat :<
*listens to Paper Mario music*
And thus, someone is alive.
You must have heard the Paper Mario music.
bleh
insomnia
Don't worry, you all can listen to it too (SPOILER THOUGH FOR PAPER MARIO TTYD): http://youtu.be/nv5v5w-zxu4
Revolver: Up all night thinking about coffee?
no
I hate coffee
well
Well then. This conversation is over.
:P
time for some multitasking of this and playing Fallout New Vegas
You badass you :P
Never played the Fallout series before...
and eating caramelcorn
......
I don't know you anymore...
Damn, lots of stuff I've never played/watched/done before...
Haven't watched ANY of the Transformers movies / LotT
Lord of the Rings*
Haven't played through Modern Warfare 1 or 2 yet (but have both :P)
But that's MAH LIFE. Hopefully when I have a job and bills I have to pay, THEN I can ignore those stuff and play video games :P
I can cause I'm only a senior in High School
I can't cause I'm only a Senior in college :P
But that's what Organic Chemistry II does to yah
Among other things...
I took a collage level class before
I've taken many a college level classes before :/
also
having an iPhone makes my AP Macronomics and Micronomics classes sooooooo much easier
Really now? I took Introduction to Economics before, why does it make it easier? (To cheat on the tests? :P)
nah
don't have to write notes
I spend like half the class just doodling
You just record the lectures?
nah
You type the notes using the iPhone...?
my teacher just puts them on powerpoints and we discuss the stuff
I take pictures of the slides
OHICNOW
I tried doing that.
But I felt like a weirdo for doing it.
Haha
meh
it was worth it for me
My professor just posted his lecture slides online anyway. So no problems there.
But most importantly, every analogy would involve the use of alcohol or cigarettes in some form.
So it was a pretty sweet class.
I'm sad cause I chose not to take geometry as a freshman so I'm not in AP Calculus and AP Physics right now QQ
So? I took AP Calculus and AP Physics in my Senior year and I took geometry Freshman year.
Oh wait
Fail at reading.
and it was a kick in the face when I found out how easy geometry was
You could take it anyway :P Geometry isn't that hard.
Just draw a bunch of shapes and stuff.
basically
But I hated geometry…with a passion...
although I won't get as many collage credits for taking AP Classes
Algebra was always my forte.
yeah
Equestria Daily is really on a roll tonight.
Algebra was my favorite
Algebra > Geometry
although
I could of taken AP Statistics
That would have sucked.
yeah
I'm a genius at math, but Statistics was one of my hardest courses :P
My cousin was a year ahead of me so I knew what courses were good or not
So much memorization.
als
*also
English was a fucking joke
I used it as a drawing class instead of actual english class
Haha, that's what most of my fellow classmates did during my English class in High School.
Professor knew she couldn't force the students into doing their work.
They would go up to her the day a paper was due and ask for a 2 week extension, which she gave them.
all my teachers except my geometry teacher got that concept
My grade in the class was like a 103% :3
#1 spot for me! Number 3 had a 71%
So you could see the flow of the class...
Temlyn! Glad you could join us.
Just talking about which Pony is best.
we were?
You bet!
The answer is Fluttershy
http://youtu.be/uES_r44ASck <3
/me gets sleepy
oh no you don't!
YEAH I DID
Ponies
:3
Dem thar ponies r teh besterest.
I tell ya what.
Moral of the story?
Lithium Diisopropylamide removes a hydrogen from the alpha-carbon to proceed with an SN2 Reaction
But with PONIES!!
Upgrade compleat!
what upgrade?
Took you long enough!
What did you upgrade? :P
Have you figured the secret to making this a reality? http://youtu.be/gNOdDxibeeU
My ISp finaly got around to geting my net upgrades
Oh boy!
HD Streams!
perhaps
:3
Yeah, cause HD was totally last year you know...
It's not like I think it's cool or anything...
i don't normally watch in hd, but when i do
it's in uvhd
d- net to b+ net
Wow amazing! You can't even VISUALLY PERCEIVE that much clarity.
is that like boasting 120fps?
Uh-oh, Sumica you don't need to ban me over this or nothing…
:P
when the parin cant even percive 60fps
so up for a test run?
Sure.
Stream this in HD: http://youtu.be/5NylmdC_uEM
For the record...
I choose the Rarity room
Somehow that extra 'o' slipped in there...
Also for the record, the screen you are streaming is black. But it is crystal clear black.
my that was stupid
no seems they swaped streems on me again.
:<
It's cool, I didn't need friendship motivation to get me by today...
IT'S FINE
/me is so out of the loop
/me is further out.
Nah it's cool, we're still friends :P
But about that test stream…still not happening
Octavia doesn't approve.
Which stream are you using? The main room and back up streams don't work.
Or in other words, they WORK but nothing is being streamed.
dont know if I have the back up publish info and main stream is giving faild to publish errors
That's weird. Want me to test it out myself? :3
What's up TTG?
What's going on in here?
Ponies and lots of 'em.
What's your favorite color?
Hm, my comp says the broadcast is offline. Is it?
Or is my comp just shit? (note: it is)
Feh, so either someone forgot to stop brodcasting or it's the stream host acting up.
No real broadcast, just performin' tests.
k
DCD was streaming earlier.
Uh, green btw
That must be it, he said he was setting up his computer to stream till like 4 AM
Whatever time zone that was...
Green is not a very creative color TTG...
Some day I will get ahold of this Murphy guy and when i do I will beat the ever livving hell out of him.
Lots of Ping timeouts...
There are like a bazillion different plants out there
most are green
I'd say it can be imaginative when it needs to be
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=As8cmHb-aKU
here pretend this is the stream.
Lulz okay.
Stream isn't very high quality :P
it is a test mind you =p
240p all your internet can do?
My TOASTER can achieve that resolution.
hey it was filmed with a potato.
Over a DIAL-UP network
If it's shiny and you hold a video phone to it, maybe
While ON THE PHONE
Well, a potato is slightly better.
Especially cut up and fried...mmm...
Where were we again?
I am here, I have no clue where you are.
WHO ARE YOU?!
And how do you know where you are...
Nyeah... the target.
I ahve one of those little map things with the arrow saying you are here.
This panic is what comes about having to study for a quiz that happens tomorrow at 9 AM which I have no knowledge of the material.
Also bad grammarz.
Download it into your brain
I know kung fu
TTG: Can't, some crazy video is being played over the stream. Hogging up all my bandwidth with its' 240p rich content.
sleep with the textbook under your pellow, learn via osmoses.
dang
I'd like to learn via RAINBOW DASH.
microwave the book first
heat rises
good point
TTG: MICROWAVES DO NOT WORK THAT WAY!
Good thinking TTG!
I'M HACKING THIS STREAM!
http://youtu.be/2XtoP4kucy4
zomg hax
watching that machina you posted earlier
dari is so gonna ban you when he gets up
That's only if the sun RISES!
Luna's got mah back :P
It's thoroughly disorienting for G-man to have such a normal voice
btw i so called it when I said new eps on the 15th.
Sumica: I'm sure you did.
Well that's cause he's not "g-man" it's Mr smith =p
If that's what he's gonna call himself, anyway
Anyway, I'm sure we can all agree that Fluttershy is the best pony.
feh
/me doesn't take kindly to such blasphemy.
I'm glad you agree!
Screwball is best pony
That is not the consensus that I just proposed.
Eh, I love them all, and my fave varies from episode to episode, but overall, I really like Twi
/setsnewtopic
Twilight is best pony.
All i know is pinkiy needs to stay the hell out of my dreams.
I have a hard enough time sleeping when sick.
But…she's best Pony :<
but if she keeps doing those things I makes it even harder to stay asleep.
But you're lucky to have Pinkie Pie in your dreams...
Pinkiy Pih
I don't really get the chance to have nice dreams...
Are these terrifying "Hi! I watch you watching me!" dreams, or
Maybe if I focus more on the ponies and less on studying...
like, cupcakes dreams
4th wall stuff
or sexy, sexy, pinkie lovin's dreams
Where does 'sexy, sexy, pinkie lovin's dreams' come into play?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9B9-TQVXYpM
lawl
Is that just me, then?
DO HOHOHO a lurkers crawls out from the woodwork.
Someone has been spying on us.
liek a baws
Nah, I was AFK
more anoyed i have to be sick and heavly dossed to even have pony dreams.
Hey, play that George Michael song, you know, "naaaaa nanana"
This is where the magic happens: http://youtu.be/jy8GyQaFUUo
Since when is it National Pony Writing Month?
NaPoWriMo?
That's a thing now?
This is now the new stream: http://youtu.be/bmxyd6co6Qw
Dash, what are you-....
I...
oh one of those.
Any requests for stream?
"No﻿ wingboner, she's faking it!"
Dash is an expert, she knows when to 'hide her thing'.
She's playing hard to get…but still coming closer to us...
lmao, there's a Big Mac one
It's pretty half-assed though, rough vector, it's only a minute long
/me is disappoint.
must be some one trying to coppy.
Seems like someone dared to click the link...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=3r77uYTNrJ4#!
Uggh, great, now THIS is on the stream...
some great songs though
SAFETY DANCE LOL
Best one was Dexter. PERIOD.
indeed
DD is best pony =p
YOUR ARGUMENT IS TRUE YET INVALID AT THE SAME TIME
http://youtu.be/05Uke7NF_Rc
The previous link is a true statement.
Oh man…what a waste
Oh did he fix the 5min of dead air video?
The video is REALLY only a minute long
That was a glitch in the mainframe
I apologize for the inconvenience.
nope, seems his dad needs to whip his as some more.
But you will need to suffer through the four minutes of darkness.
But…I is confused...
This solves the confusion: http://youtu.be/tk-cziBPTNU
that video would so be on my trollen playlist right up there with sugger cubes and seaponies.
TOOOOOOOOT!
YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!
TTG! Go and paint the MIND ROOM!
wait seth only just posted that whos line video. Slacker I sent that video to him ages ago.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=S2nvTO6bRW8#!
http://i.imgur.com/Wz7FL.gif
Here's a trollin video: http://youtu.be/ntIFhbtmwCc
ADRIAN BRONY
The hell am I looking at MantisToboggan?!
a centi-belle
oh the seasure pinkie video.
yeah I think that's on our playlist already.
Guh. @ Sweetie Centipede
btw numa numa meens do not want do not want.
lawl
Sumica: The more you know!
I think 'Sexy Naughty Bitchy Rarity' fits the mentality of Rarity PERFECTLY!
Nah. Good PMV, though.
o.o
lmao
/me 's mind is gone...
Brain is got the dumbs..
It was a bootleg caption job from china or something that was making the rounds a few years back
there were some great lines in there but DO NOT WANT hit critical meme mass fast and hard
Now everyone uses variants of that meme
Time for mind to shut down...
"Sort of want"
Good night everypony! Excellent stream tonight Sumica :P
Do want.
heh
I've been working and plowing so long that
even Ezekiel thinks that my mind is gone
wtf, ok people around here are crazy.
there is currently a paintball war taking place at my apartment.
wut
people are outside shooting at eachother with paintball guns.
like in the carpark.
if they hit my car I am grabing my spaz and rocksalt rounds.
I should be trying to sleep. but now I am all wound up.
oh wow since when was that scan running?
Hi everyone
nevermind, nobodys on. hehe
*delurks*
>_>
<_<
._.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTE7CVCuMz0 <-- Have a little match girl.
heyall
back from studying a forums that didn't seem to have been touched by bronydom
there's a forum i think i'm gonna be the first to post about ponies on lol
just haven't done it yet
g'afternoon
hehehe the forums that I studied actually did get bronified
just that the threads went inactive
Did you read the nightly roundup on EqD?
yeah
Nevar forget!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTE7CVCuMz0 <-- Have a little match girl, Dermathil.
that ponychan crawler thing aint working.. any ideas why?
it just starts trying to download a thread and then says done after apparently loading the thread or something.. as if it's not detecting any pictures whatsoever
bad regex?
dunno what regex is lol
well ok i dunno how it applies here anyway
Is it ot just getting any data from ponychan or just failing to read what it's getting?
what happens is the "downloading thread" message and then immediately after that just "done!"
everything seems normal except that it's just not actually downloading anything
except the thread.. it does take time to load that
but right after it does it's just "done!"
hi RP :)
06,15Ohay Turgle
Ohai Turgle
And RobotPinkie
Hey Diftraku :D
06,15Ohay Diftraku
06,15How is everypony this fine day?
Hello from me too to everyone
Day is cloudy, but mood is sunny
i'm burning my fingers with a soldering iron! xD
i am just gonna guess that ponychan changed and it needs to be updated
Hm what's going on in the ponychan?
this ponychan image crawler thing aint saving images
back to not having a luxury that i've grown fond of possibly
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/pic/src/131220853848.jpg
The what crawler?
discuss
Aaah! Why would anyone post that?
xD
for fun and profit
whats up guys?
i think my school's internet has became somewhat better, it only took me a few seconds to connect
Hi Dash :]
hey Turgle
anyway what it does is saves all the images in whatever thread you specify (or just on a whole board over all pages if you don't) and it deletes duplicates as well
dat luxury
man i love Maoam's
rainbow dash always dresses like guile
listening to She's a pony (fucking best song i have heard so far)
pretty much what i have been doing in all my lessons and my lunch break
06,15It's pretty good
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/original/000/142/606/Ponies+and+Rainbows+True+Story_fd9528_2300873.jpg?1309576602
i experienced enjoyment out of this comic
It's funny becuase it's plausible
^
lol i'm pretty much just like the dude in the comic except my mom isn't like that lol.. she wouldn't question it
Someone needs to take over a Home Economics Class via Pinkie Pie.
except for 1 thing.. i don't like madonna.. in fact i'm opposed to her music just for no memorable reason
oh and i don't have a pony desktop.. yet.. and i've never had a phone
06,15lol that comic
or wallpaper or whatever you kids call it nowadays
He just likes his ponies and rainbows.
06,15I don't have a pony wallpaper
06,15I have TWO pony wallpapers
So I just fixed my Blind Bag RD's eyes.
I have nightmare moon background, nightmare moon chrome theme, and luna mouse pointers.
And I use that shiny black windows theme, royale noir.
i do however have minecraft lol
http://fav.me/d4b9gz4
and im back, computer crashed on me...
06,15I especially like my XMB themes on my PS3... so much pony...
that is awesome payne
WhatPayne, you did that?
it's awesome
06,15Very cool, though.... what did they look like before? :P
wish i could see that image... website is blocked -_-
Yes I did that. The stock eyes were so, ehh...
http://fav.me/d4b37rr old eyes
Why is the light and angle between the two shots so different?
06,15Oooh, nice job
What?
I can't tell just how much you changed.
http://fav.me/d4b37rr diferent angle
witch material did you use?
The diference is because the pictures were taken on diferent days.
Your improved model is in much darker light, and is more toward the front of the figure.
http://fav.me/d4b9i68 Better?
Ah, yup
Ahhh, you changed the eye shape.
See, I had initially thought you changed the eye color.
No the colour was right. Just made the eye bigger and gave it the "squint" is more akin RD's persona
Turgle, I actually used inkjet waterslide decal paper.
Now that the internet at campus isn't dropping me every half hour, I'm back.
Similar stuff used for model airplane decals.
oh, now i got it
thanks
But you know for inkjet printers
I actually learned about it from now old Ponychan thread that was about the Celestia figure repainting and customization.
Lul
Dinkypage backup YAY
None of my irc clients work
Is it just me? :(
06,15It's also KINDA me... and my muffins
Oh hai RobotPinkie
06,15Ohay AllisZero
Yeah, my irc clients can't connect to ponychat, neither does the mane page
seems fine on mirc
Very very weird
06,15I'm just having networking issues in general today
I'm behind a proxy too, so it's not in here
06,15So I can't really tell
06,15I get massive lag spikes everywhere
unplug ze modem
06,15Not that, tried that earlier, I think my ISP is just having issues
That's possible
06,15They're usually very good though
06,15I think I'm gonna go play ICO for a while...
Alrighty, have fun
06,15Laters
I'll stay behind, tackle some of these wireless issues
9 hey guys
Hey DCD
How goes it
Morning DCD
Hey NewDCD
9 well I was wondering
9who was here last night?
I forgot what I was doing last night..
9 also
9>Watching the Xros Wars opening
9 WHY THE FUCK HAVEN'T I WATCHED THIS
9Gotta stream this shit, SO BAD
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IjQNNppx6w
I was here for a few, DCD
Watched the first 3 episodes of Digimon
Shed imaginary manly tears
9God
9Xros wars looks like Gurren Laganna nd Digimon had a night of hardcore sex
9and that is amazing
Hmm
/me is watching the Heavy make a sandvich for the engineer.
Hey
A cupe of flour, a teaspoon of balogne, and counting to four.
goddamnit everytime i turn my head there's 2 more pages of updated on eqd
Wow, those are big breasts on that one digimon.
d=s
Digimon is on now?
/me was looking at the youtube link from NewDCD.
HAPPY INTERNATIONAL COFFE DAY!!
*Coffee
Blech, coffee
I really am glad that I'm in English class now
0:23, dem breasts
Coffee is good.
Body
*bleh
I prefer Red Bull
I never really liked Red Bull.
/me prefers root beer.
I tried root beer one time
It was the most awful thing I ever tasted
I like it because I find coffee too bitter
XD
Maybe it was just because I was younger
Fun part with root beer is that all the brands for it taste different.
Orly
Root beer is pretty good when it is made by Virgil's.
Root beer is ok
I have no idea what root beer is, but ginger beer is the shit.
So I always find it interesting to see what a particular brand or make of root beer tastes like.
:I
/me brohoofs Daei
*Dari
/me brohoofs LunaTheForgotten
You're at home Dari?
Yeah.
And ohai VV.
I envey you right now
Hey violetvanilla
I'm in my English class right now
I found a can of 15 year old tea the other day. Do you guys think I sould drink some?
>can
>tea
Wut
It's those little single serving, Tea-bag things.
Heh. Root Beer made with sassafrass.
Guys, I just read "Bubbles" for the first time. I then read "Today, Tomorrow, and Forever" for the fist time...
Like arizon tea?
LAWL
I found it in my grandparents basement.
*Arizona
My soul feels shattered...
Ginger beer sounds tasty
Arizona tea is amazing.
MFW direct quote from Seth: "You even annoy me! And I'm the scourge of 3+ spyro forums!"
That is hilarious.
Hmmm
That it is
EspyLacopa: I've never tried alcoholic ginger beer, so carbonated.
Heh
A good second for favorite drink is some tasty apple cider.
Though I've had ginger cider before.
As in proper cider.
Brb, gonna jump in shower.
I haven't had Ginger beer before
Hey.
But I've had alcoholic cider before
Cider is fermented apples, non-alcoholic cider, wut.
Sense not make.
Well
So that's normal here
Hello
Hey.
Dari
?
Have you ever been to Ireland
Nope.
9Made some design works for my fanfic and uploaded them to dA
you guys wanna looksee?
Sure DCD.
...and I'm back.
Ahh, looks cool DCD.
I'll see y'all later,got some stuff to do.
9 also Holy Shit Dari I gotta stream this shit http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IjQNNppx6w
NewDCD: O_________________O
YES
hm
dead
6>you will never have a Digimon Partner with tits like those
9 Sadfrog.jpg
hahahaha
You talking about the one at 0:22?
06,15I like your Wyburn design, NewDCD. You should ink and color it, seriously
06,15also all my rage when I discover the only checkpoints in ICO are when you save....
So, is this the digimon series that shall pierce the heavens?
It's the digimon series where they just add glowy armor and spikes since they ran out more plausible ideas
And bigger chests.
Also, goggles
Digimon always has goggles.
It's how you can tell who the main character is. He's got goggles.
Since those goggles can change shape and form over time when passed down through generations
Though I suppose it may be possible, sometime down the road, for the Goggles to be owned by a girl. . .
Le gasp!
Since technically, the first series had a girl with goggles (Sora)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAlxqBJprVI
You're pretty good, DCD
Those are nice
Also WB Rp
Oh, wait, no, Sora didn't have goggles.
She just had a silly hat.
/me sings softly Season Wrap-Up
/me hugs Luna
HARO
/me waves at everypony
hi Luna :)
Digimon! YAY! LUNA YAY!
Hi Luna
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QAlxqBJprVI <-- Motimon is fabulous.
Ah, I have the Xros Wars op 2
Love the hell out of that song
Koromon has a stat screen!
Eeyup
/me lunes Hugga
06,15...eh, close enough
Heh
06,15Trying out new Minecraft 1.9 prerelease... got kinda pissed off at ICO.
Oh? What'd Ico do?
06,15I just don't feel like replaying 20 minutes of the game right now :P
Oh, died before you had a chance to save?
06,15Not really "chance", I didn't think the game had zero checkpoints.
06,15If I'd known, I could've gone back and saved.
06,15Instead I solved every puzzle in the area, only to fall to my death. Not a smart move :P
Ah, the dreaded bottomless pit.
ICO?
06,15puzzle platformer for the PS2, they just released the HD version on PS3
06,15Great game, except the fighting is kinda crap.
I don wonder when the heck The Last Guardian is coming out
06,15I know it's been pushed back to 2012
9 Back from McD's...got Rainbow Dash. They didn't have Pinkie. Unless the Pony toys are still sold next week, I won't get Pinkie D: she's the only one missing from my set
06,15Aw damn...
well
06,15I wonder if they have the pony Happy Meal toys here
MFW still no pony toys at all in McD here.
They've never had them.
9at least I have my Top 3 instead of my Top 4 but still
9 dari our poni toys are different
9they light up and shit
The US has had both the light up ones and the normal ones. :/
We've had neither.
9really? US has had both in such a short time?
9 I understood the light-up ones were LatAm exclusive
NewDCD, where does MCD have Pony toys again?
Ahh, I see
9at least from my understanding of the LatAm Brony /int/ threads
06,15They look kinda robotic
Cores and the Alicorn?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T4cRyxea-c&feature=related SHE'S A MANE-IAC
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YZ2cUnobLcqkqY0MKzSaLOKbml0pRizxmxEnWpEqbJc/edit?hl=en_US <-- SPACE PONY!
06,15call upon the space ponies when you're in distress
“The most aggressive fish in the world is the herring,” recited the Fact Core. “It has been known to cut through water, trees, and the space-time continuum, and will not stop until you are dead.”
REBOOT ALL THE THINGS!
06:3
helpful as the bass ponies..?
Anypony here?
I just received awesome news from Season 2 :V
really?
yeah, inside information :V
I have lots actually ;D
O'RLY!
Like why Episode 3 is moved, why the new intro starts at Episode 3
that's right :D
Speaking of new intros.
In the Season 1 intro, you could see big mac in the background
but with Caramel's color (brown) and cutie mark (horseshoes)
in the new Season 2 intro, he's now corrected :D
The Cutie Mark Crusaders are also now included in the new Intro :V
Link to the new intro? I didnt notice any differences..
No links yet.
But there IS a screenshot
Orly
PM it to me?
Also, the scroll that is presented to Celestia in the end of the intro
is now glowing with a Golden color
That sounds like an epic new intro.
it IS.
anyway,
you guys know what Photo Finish' Cutie mark is? :V
I didn't know it ever showed it.
it did
but only for a frame
http://arch.413chan.net/photo_finish_cutie_mark-(n1300777195794).png
oh derp'd link. just copypasta it or somethin
:O
Animation derp?
So yeah, as you can see. It's obviously Twilight's Cutie Mark
yeah, you could say it's an animation derp
To explain why it's like that
They used Twilight Sparkle's body as a template for Photo Finish
My friend (who works for MLP) checked it out
He remove her shades and hair
and you can obviously see Twilight's face
http://bit.ly/mQD5cz
btw don't leak. lol
uhm
so
in your opinion
?
they just draw photofinish ON twilight?
Yep, pretty much.
they probably hid a few features
and drew over it
i don't think they did
they use a basic palette
and from that they draw a new element
That's how it's suppose to go
but I honeslty have no idea why they used Twilight as their template for Pony Gaga
greetings everypony
hey
Hey MrChang
i love you all
<3
We love you too.
except quaraezha
anyway i still think they didnt use twilight template
:<
But that's the only explaination as to why
Photo has her cutie Mark
AND face.
just kidding
<3
Well, I believe you anyway Quaraezha. XD
ohoho :D
hey hey
Give me a number
So much stuff gets reused, I wouldn't be surprised by them resuing one of the models.
and I'll tell you what the episode title is
Hmm.
15
not 15, i only know 1-14
Heheh.
12
xD
Episode 15 has something to do with Cider, however
yeah, Cider
that alcholoic drink
in a kid's show.
XD
OH DARN
The title of Episode 12 is a big giveaway
to what's it about
Ok, 7?
promise don't tell anypony :V
i can't have leaked information in EqD or whatever
Ok, well I don't want you to get into trouble.
might fire an animator for leaks :V
anyway
So it's best you don't post it. :P
Fail.
Ok, well I don't want you to get into trouble.
So it's best you don't post it. :P
lol
to get you*
nah, 'tis fine :V
Episode 12: Baby Cakes
Hey Val.
2,14 ohai dari
Jesus
How difficult is it to make Windows answer to a goddamn fax
I'm guessing pretty hard.
long time no see gaiz what's up?
Hai gaiz! long time no see!
not much but i'm having some fun on YT
/me is doing his Legacy challenge in Sims 3
someone said kids are born racist.. i decided to say the exact opposite and then say "so we're even" and then they said science said otherwise and i said "science does not say otherwise.. so we're even"
i wonder what will happen next
And rememberin that the rules make it so you can't actually have a house for at least a week.
lol i've never played the sims but that sounds strategic
Basically, you start with a single sim, and go through 10 generations. You have to start on the largest lot so that your sims start with only 1800 simoleons
Hi Fluttershy` :)
08,1allo
08,1anybody explodin' today?
08,1twice?
08,1>> j/k
08,1blegh..... Fluttershy is tired
06Poor Flootershai~
Ohai Fluttershy
06Hallo Dermathil~
/me 8grumbles
Hey VioletVanilla
/me 8mutters "I am a banana"
08,1PINKAY
06,15:O
08,1D,:
06,15Ohay Flootahshai
HEyoo.
06So you are a banana that likes mmmmm bananas?
06;3
08,1Yes, Vi, I'm a banana that likes bananas =_= Makes sense for me to be attracted to my own species, after all
So what's for tonight's show?
06Oh okay let me reach into my fruit bag then~
06,15So you're a Fluttershy` that likes mmmmm cheese?
08,1sure, I like cheese too =_=
06,15Well, you know what's made of cheese?
08,1you are
06,15....I'm made of cheese?
08,1yes
08,1apparently
06,15I guess you're trying to tell me that you like me... :/
08,1sure
08,1you know it <3
08,1undying love
06,15lol dat sarcasm :P
06,15And I thought that Thunderhooves sea pony meant something!
08,1oh how do you know I'm being sarcastic, mmmm? They're just words on a screen
/me cries and runs away
08,1they could be TRUE
06,15Seems legit
seems funny
06Oh sweet celestia's sunbeams this chat is dead ;A;
06,15Is so dead.
08,1dead dead
listenin' to Megamix
08,1doom dooomy doom
08,1br freakin b
06,15So who here likes ponies?
08,1...
08,1that's a very...
08,1brbing now >>; while you contemplate the ridiculousness of your question
You liek ponies?
Lulgay
06,15Pffft, it's a legitimate question.
06,15I really want to play Shadow of the Colossus right now, but I don't want to play it before ICO... I'm so torn...
/me plays Pinkie's "Guile's Theme" Polka
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFiYdWOt41s
Pinkie's Parasprite Polka Parade http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LfrnlVj40o
Somepony here? *Echo* sompony here? *echo*
*echo* sompony he.... *echo*
06,15Oh wow, Guile's theme everywhar
06,15http://www.youtuberepeat.com/watch/?v=f0o20z6jsMw
06,15Best page on the internet.
^
Hello everyone
Hi Rainbow-Dash
Hi
What's up?
Nothing much i presume? haha
the moon? the sun?
THE SKY!
Not really
Lol
Luna, tonight we finish House, right?
07,01Tonight we finish Season 3 yes
yippie!
07,01hello LordCelestia
hey celi
link again?
I must have lost it
is it the human in equestria?
06,15In how long is House, Luna?
Na, just was wondering, thats all
just give me the link
TELL ME WHERE THE FIC IS!
I've been busy working on schoolwork, and making aomething for BronyState, so i have only gotten a prologue and part 1 up so far.
ill go get the link, calm down
i think someone takes fanfics too seriously
or is addicted to them
I need something to fill the void 'til the new episodes come
we all do,
right now im reading the Luna / Portal 2 core crossover
Like I said, im busy with other things and Part 2 is only in the making, if you're wondering.
Wanna see a pinkie sprite in battle idle?
^There ya go
i really wanna finally play one of the MMOs
Tehy'll be out soon enough
I hope
06,15That was a pretty awesome "this page is restricted" page.
Oreally?
^
i knew i saw it earlier
was trying to find it.
Im going to play that now
06,15I think it might still take a while for any MMO to be playable.
yep, equestriaonline looks pretty good
06,15I like the animations a lot
Idle Pinkie Pies are Discord's playthings?
Hey
A demo? I was just starting to run out of pony things to download
08,1Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
08,1hi
08,1I'm crazy right now! <3
06,15Only right now? :O
08,1>>
08,1<<
Right now and tommorow and the day before the day that was last thursday
08,1and probably for the next three days!
ARent you always crazy?
08,1no
08,1I'm EXTRA crazy
06,15So is that a good thing or bad thing, Fluttershy`?
08,1both!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUy1UtuNet0&feature=related DAT GAME
08,1It means I might burst into tears without warning or glomp someone or blow up with RAEG
08,1ALL WITHOUT WARNING! :D
well, we are screwed
RAGE!
ADAMANTIUM RAGE!
RAGE!!!!
I return
08,1Hehe Revolver knows what I'm talking about! I was CRAZY yesterday too! Hehehehehe!
08,1GASP
Yes you were
08,1Oooooh!
I'm out for now
06,15Oh okay, well feel free to blow me up if you need to, PinkiusPiacus
08,1OKAY!
08,1Hehehe!
o.o
Wow
08,1HI!
Wrong choice of words, rp
INB4 PinkiusPiacus blows RobotPinkie
up
Hi Fluttermoe
06,15....
08,1DARI
or you have a dirty mind AllisZero
08,1You are so dirty! -squee-
06,15Yeah, I'd go with what DashWithRainbows said
/me 8giggles insanely and glomps Dari
I'm goddamn 25 and have 400 gigabytes of hentai scattered across the planet
I'm back
What makes you think that?
06,15Haha
ummm
i didnt want to know about the hentai...
/me licks Dari's FACE
06,15It's twue wuv
you could just of said "im addicted to porn" or something along that line
08,1You taste like *GASP* WATERMELON
Hi Fluttershy`
I TASTE GOOD
Did Fluttershy take her wisdom teeth out?
made of metal --> taste like watermelon WUT?
Just curius
>made of metal
Wut
08,1I AM PINKIUSPIACUS!!!!
>metal
08,1NOT FLUTTERSHY! D:<
06,15Yeah wrong person
WUT?
06,15lol
08,1I will eat your.....
/me scrolls up "Fluttershy` is now knows an PinkiusPiacus"
08,1CANDY
Vag?
Do ho ho
06,15Wow, Dari is seriously dirty today...
06,15Haha, nailed it!
If you lick fluttershy, does she taste like cork?
Nope. your fluttershy`. :D
06,15RUN LIKE THE WIND
your being extra dirty today dari, time for you to have a shower.... of ACID!
She did take her wisdom teeth out right?
she propably tastes like sugar
Acid?
But I like the base.
base base
Yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
I like the buttery biscuit base
06,15He means LSD
hehe
okay all the base are belong to you
06,15That kind of acid.
no i mean actual acid
like sulphuric
08,1AHHHHHHHHHH!
inb4 fluttershy` kicks me again
/me 8's hair delfates with a POP
^or that happens
/me 8glares at LordCelestia, turns her flank to him, huffing
/me uses a bicycle pump to inflate PinkiusPiacus' hair
08,1NO!
mfw physics dont apply to hair
/me 8swats RobotPinkie away
She's pinkaminus dianicus piacus now...
08,1I know what you're trying to do!
or just diane for the middle name
The life of piacus.
I feel like I've become a faucet since becoming a brony :l
Series Premiere at 8 PM EST
wat?
08,1rrrr
/me hugs Flaria
Oh hi
Pinkie? you alright?
http://www.trendir.com/archives/hansa-hansacuisine-kitchen-high-arc-faucet.jpg
not robot, but I won't write her full name
08,1I....
08,1will....
08,1kill...
found a picture of natleyn
08,1you...
DashWithRainbows: Oh you
NOT ME NOT ME NOTME PLEEAAAASSSEEE!
/me 8goes back to her house, sitting at the table with her inanimate friends
/me hugs back
/me hugs Flaria back and whispers in her ear "Run."
o_o;
"Shes dangerous in that form."
/me visits PinkiusPiacus
DashWithRainbows: That picture is positible pornographic
you alright?
Dangerous?
lol wut?
Pinkamena is
Who's dangerous. :l
she's flat hair pinkie now
What's wrong, PinkiusPiacus?
PinkiusPiacus? You feeling alright?
TWO PINKAMINIUSES?
/me tiptoes closer
/me runs away and hides in his cannon
/me enters PinkiusPiacus' room
Oh hai Pinkamena's
isn;t being in character fun? haha.
/me hugs Dumori
Hiya!
Pinkamenicus? You alright?
Want to come to a party?
08,1AHHHHH!
Sure
/me smiles at Pinkamenicus
/me pops his head out of the cannon "ITS A TRAP!"
/me dodges
/me drags Dumori into her basement
/me witnesses the horror "NOOOOO"
yay!
No more games
because nao I'm NINJA!
It's covered in streamers and balloons and confetti and there's soda and tea and juice and sarsparilla! But nobody else wanted to come....
/me 8growls and turns back to her party
/me ninjahugs Pinkamenicus
/me hugs Pinkamenicus
gotcha
why?
/me 8whimpers and curls up "LEAVE ME ALONE!"
gummy is indifferent to your suffering
/me 's horn glows and levitates EVERYONE into the cannon except for the two pinkamenicuses and launches them all to the moon, including himself.
/me hugs Pinkamenicus tighter "We want to Help you."
i dont... i like her like this
/me dodges the spell
:3
06,15Pinkie just turned from the life of the party... *puts on sunglasses* ...to the death of it.
06,15I'm getting soe serious lag here....
/me pets Pinkamenicus
Well you'll be perfectly safe an the moon. SO long as Luna is in a good mood.
08,1I don't WANT help and I don't NEED help!
*sips tea*
I say
^already laughing^
I STILL WANT TO SPEND TIME WITH YOU!
/me 8pulls out a kitchen knife "STAY BACK!!"
/me stares at Rainbow-Dash "do you have any biscuits?"
/me hugs RobotPinkie
BECAUSE YOU ARE MY FRIEND!
/me 8freezes. "Y-you're... you're lying!!"
No.
/me walks slowly to Pinkamenicus
/me is back from the moon, noticing that somehow everybody dodged his spell.
I'm not going to hurt you
/me spreads his arms wide
06,15Hush now, quiet now, it's time to lay your sleepy head
I'm your friend, Pinkamenicus.
08,1NO! I only need GUMMY and THEM!
Replaced by a sack of flower..
-.-
/me continues walking "I still want to be here with you"
Pinkamenicus, I'm Madame LaFlour's brother-in-law. I should be welcome here.
08,1No!!
08,1NO!
08,1NOOOO!!
08,1who wants to hear me actually voicing my part? >> )
Allllllways, I want to beeee with you....
/me stands directly in front of Pinkamenicus, arms spread wide
DO IT
/me hugs Turgle
/me 8runs away
/me takes a hold of Pinkamenicus Shoulder
(Also, DO IT FILLY)
I do
:D
08,1DON'T TOUCH MEEEE
/me hugs Pinkamenicus
08,1okay then >:3 http://www.livestream.com/kimiart )
/me takes his hand off and smiles at her
HI EVERYBODY!
I'm your friend
have I ever let you down?
hi there Sumica, welcome to the mad house
/me hugs Sumica
My response time is terrible. Darn you, homework!
I love mad houses.
^You love a lot of houses?
06,15Hi Dr Nick!
06,15I mean Sumica
should I work over this one
yay some one got it
06,15Lag of 30+ seconds, nice.
My face right now http://bronibooru.mlponies.com/post/show/9896/bow_tie-colinmlp-monocle-rainbow_dash-rainbow_dash
wait theres a stream?
http://www.livestream.com/kimiart
not really video stream, its Pinkamenicus being insane
06,15Whatever you guys are saying, I'll see it in a minute or so...
/me throws his internets towards RobotPinkie, but realises he too has crap internets right now
dude, all i can see is stream within streams
so over this?)
06,15My internets in general is fine, I just get random lag spikes today.
Just talk with me
/me sits down
oh look a diamond!
I don't want your diamond
I want to talk to my friend
06,15This always helps me: http://www.youtuberepeat.com/watch/?v=f0o20z6jsMw
Is that alright?
GO 2 stream chat
06,15...lag of 24.0 seconds, nice, seeing some improvement...
Are you alright Pinkamenicus?
06,15I'm gonna reconnect, maybe it's just applejack being weird...
Kids react to My Little Pony
Fund it
You must plug directly in to the nets RP
also http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndA69KiffJE&feature=player_embedded
Sumica: Oh, that video. Hah.
06,15Connected fine now, lets hope no lag...
/me hugs Flaria
06,15Lag 0.1 seconds
/me hugs RobotPinkie
Congratulations! :3
alot better than before i bet
/me hugs Flaria
06,15Yeah, about 300 times better now :P
:D
06,15Time to play through a horrendously long and boring fight in ICO, yay!
Who wants to hear my voice? :l
i do
http://bit.ly/bxhogZ :3
same here, i want to hear everyone's voices
/troll
you have a beutiful voice
indeed
But I can do that /almost/ perfectly, so it's not really a lie.
/me shrugs
sounds like that trololo guy
but i think your doing it better
What does trololo have to do with family guy?
is that you in the video? because if it is... you look really like him
/me does not understand the top rated comments
trollo was in family guy?
Lotsa stories today, eh EqD
Dari needs to startcalling him self Trollra =p
DashWithRainbows, yes
watching it on youtube
wtf...
can you link please?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdEkaPXZAzc
bad camera quality
thanks
but still okay audio
DO NOT
GOOGLE STILLBORN
DO NOOOOT
Lawl
if we are not supposed to google it, why tell us what not to search as it most likely make us want to?
INB4 foetuses.
06,15Not planning on it, no...
Random disco weeeee
/me hugs Sumica-
/me hugs AllisZero
Not really no, I was actually in the Wikipedia page
Nothing visible, just blood everywhere
/me hugs Flaria back
So you all see the Dash skin for tf2?
looks really good i suppose
hoping for some more reskins
Hiya Edward_Newgate
indeed
Fluttermedic?
ohai
/me lurks
i am certain that will be the reskin Flaria
the moder did a great job on it shame about the flack about it.
/me hugs Turgle and Dashite
Hello you two.
for those taht have not seen.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMHP-YDbYGs&feature=related
have not seen the gameplay
mods asleep; post DisciePie http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/5ae30e75a1836c9204a3f72f74400984/64635%20-%20Discord%20artist%3Alulubell%20discopie%20pinkie_pie%20shipping.png
Oh well.
BANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBANBAN
Spoiler: Dari is biggest fan of DisciePie
woo! a comic!
Also, had that comic before it was on EqD
aww apparently bronibooru is all like "No furry works" and i just dunno why
i like that when the rainbow scout double jumps, the wings flap
08,1DiscoPie rocks, woo-hoo
Fluttershy` is back, yay~
Ill be back soon. guys. ill probably be gone until 6:00 EST.....
/me hates it being called DiscoPie
DisciePie is MUCH better
/me huggles Fluttershy`
i can respect the no shipping thing but why "No furry works" when they allow humanized? that doesn't seem right.. also i like furry ponies when done right lol
Yeah like I said good job on the mod, hope there is more.
DAT COMIC IS SAD!
/me 8s hugged, yawns
08,1I need to take a break for a bit, mm...
Oh hi Fluttershy`
and bye it seems
Im leaving too, i'm busy re-building myself form all that cuteness
Bye everypony
I did what I could
laterz LC
take a nap Fluttershy`, sounds as if you're really tired
And a little AppleDash so Dari really will kick me http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-4fgGTGlfzII/ToOV9RJiD5I/AAAAAAAAM5s/O9KBsMTmQbk/s1600/64488+-+applejack+artist+sharley102+lesbian+rainbow_dash+shipping+sleeping.jpg
http://miburl.com/Jkso76
cute
still After the Rain is SAD!
IS SO CUTE
Hey Silvermane
The appledash pic?
yes
and i'm in a fucked up mood atm
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/nightly-roundup-107_29.html
why?
Whyyyyyyyyy
/me hugs back
share your problems with us!
WRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYY
cuz i saw Discord-Shy and Discord-Pie comics and they confused me for some reason
Do itttttt
Silvermane how do you feel about DisciePie
SEXY VOICE
^
This man knows what the Prince is about.
<3
/me hasn't heard the sexy voice for quite a while
Hey Silvermane. :>
DisciePie is... well in the comic I saw made me jealous of Discord sorta
Yeah, haven't been able to stream for a while, sound card is fried.
hmm DisciePie is OTP
DisciePie? No, DiscoPie
08,1The comic I posted?
you posted a comic?
I named it DisciePie the DAY AFTER the first episode aired
I will forever refer to it as DisciePie
DisciePie sucks.
DiscoPie is much better.
yes *shudder*
Flarifan sounds much better.
08,1I think they're cute
You're a liar
the last 9 panels... *whimper*
Flarifan?
DiscoPie doesn't flow at all
Flarifan?
faria and... umm...?
:3
tell me
You're crazy. Crazy I say!
please
He comes back tomooooroooooow~
Is there a Brony in bronystate, that starts with fan Silvermane?
or ends with fan
nope
don't think so...
then who?
But are you sure? :0
/me glomps NewDCD
YOU! <3
DCD?
is RobotPinkie here? I have a gift for him
Hello my little mecha lover~
No.
Oh Hi DCD
sup Flar
I like DCD because of Mecha and GAR
Hey DCD
Oh hi DCD
closest i can get to "fan" is MantisToboggan
reeeeeeeebooot
Clue is: Remember why I was created. :l
He's been taken care of
Oh, he was chasing Discord.
oh
>.>
/me didn't see episode 2 yet
/me 8blushes
Discnet?
08,1you haven't?!
watch it nao!
@pony pony pony pony
6 pony pony pony is 15Rari6ty
YES.
dat's an ORDER!
/me bows down to Lady Rarity
@pony that rapes Mari in the novel
6 that rapes Mari in the novel is 2The 8Wonder2bolts
OH WOW
@pony
/me brohoofs NewDCD
Gang bang
@Sexymeter Silvermane
6Silvermane is 6625182% sexy.
@pony Today Flaria
6 Today Flaria is 5Doctor Whooves
that's better!
TIME TRAVELING WHOO
Flaria
08,1@sexymeter Silvermare
6Silvermare is 1344088256358% sexy.
/me glomps Flaria "OMG TAKE ME WIT YOU!"
ALLONS-Y
@trollmeter Silvermane
6 Silvermane is 27% troll. (111)
@pony
12Dumori is 8Flutter13shy
yay
08,1o-o
I'm assuming that Doctor Whooves is voiced by Matt Smith correct?
/me flies away yelling "ADVENTUUUUUUUUUUURE"
can I be your companion Flaria
08,1@pony Fluttershy` is
6 Fluttershy` is is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
@pony
12Diftraku is 5Doctor Whooves
08,1o_o
Awwwwww Yeaaaaaaaah
2 docters?!
/me hugs Diftraku
@sexymeter Flaria
6Flaria is 48% sexy.
We're the same pony! :3
Lies.
@awesomemeter
6 You are 77% awesome. (112)
@sexymeter Fluttershy`
6Fluttershy` is 33% sexy.
damn right
/me hugs Flaria
@sexymeter
6You are 11% sexy.
^
@fireymeter Flaria
6 Flaria is 24% firey. (113)
:l
/me 8squeaks and hides "The spam... the spam!"
@GARmeter
6 You are 45% GAR. (114)
ok I dont see RBD around I should be safe.
Back five minutes and he's trolling already.
@pony
12Sumica- is 8Sapphire 12Sh11or12es
@spammeter Silvermane
6 Silvermane is 23% spam. (115)
@Justicemeter NewDCD
6 NewDCD is 37% Justice. (116)
http://f00.inventorspot.com/images/1559606_340_1116081430036-spam.jpg
@spammeter Chat
@Nicemeter
6 Chat is 68% spam. (117)
6 You are 92% Nice. (118)
Sumica- RainbroDash is MAIn
someone say spam?
nah the Mod Rainbro
dat's a Large Ham
dude...
@magnetmeter
6 You are 98% magnet. (121)
but magnet to what!?!
@sexymeter Silvermane
6Silvermane is 8215079% sexy.
JUST CHECKING
IT WORKED
ALL GOOD
@eating_crystallized_firemeter Flaria
6 Flaria is 89% eating_crystallized_fire. (122)
Nom nom.
@pony DashWithRainbows missing 2%
6 DashWithRainbows missing 2% is 15Rari6ty
@sexymeter Silvermane
6Silvermane is 8353752% sexy.
Consistent results
Silvermane: you just keep getting sexier
@sexymeter Diftraku
6Diftraku is 21% sexy.
:l
@sexymeter Fluttershy`
6Fluttershy` is 5% sexy.
@sexymeter Fluttershy`
6Fluttershy` is 37% sexy.
:3
@lovemeter Shadowmane Silvermane
13 Shadowmane and Silvermane are 24% in love.
@Pony Pony that has The World stand and will go ZA WARUDO so I can study for Monday's test with no time limit
6 Pony that has The World stand and will go ZA WARUDO so I can study for Monday's test with no time limit is 7Scoota6loo
/me shrugs
08,1o-o
NewDCD: YES
lolo
FLARIA
NO
08,1Shadow and Silver are father and son
ZA SCOOTAROOLDO
BAD FLARIA
MUDADA!
@chaosmeter Scootaloo
6 Scootaloo is 67% chaos. (123)
/me smacks Flaria (but where?)
08,1@lovemeter Fluttershy` Silvermane
13 Fluttershy` and Silvermane are 32% in love.
08,1;___;
@Lovemeter Fluttershy` Luna
13 Fluttershy` and Luna are 69% in love.
/me ignites
You did /what/?
Flutts: they have a bad parent/son relationship then
08,1why is it a 69?!
YOUTUBE BE TROLLAHN
@lovemeter DashWithRainbows Fluttershy`s voice
13 DashWithRainbows and Fluttershy`s are 26% in love.
wut....
07,01question
08,1@lovemeter Dari Fluttershy`
13 Dari and Fluttershy` are 38% in love.
DashWithRainbows: derp
because it's awesome
/me hugs Luna
08,1Yes Luna? o-o
42 luna
@Awesomemeter New DCD's Harem
6 New DCD's Harem is 82% Awesome. (124)
07,01is youtube having issues?
NewDCD: Yes.
not for me Luna
07,01502. That’s an error.
07,01The server encountered a temporary error and could not complete your request.
07,01Please try again in 30 seconds. That’s all we know.
07,01hmm
i had that earlier
07,01oki
Yeah, I'm getting the same.
An error occurred. Please try again later.
yall talking about youtube?
Yeah, I'm having the same issues.
/me apologizes to Flaria and lets her get in a free spank
Same for 3 different embeds
DUMB YOUTUBE
same problems here if so
@Lovemeter NewDCD My_Fist
Of corse it will prove me wrong in a moment
13 NewDCD and My_Fist are 85% in love.
I thought it was just my connection, but I guess not.
You can never bend over without getting your ass slapped.
Silvermane, I'm not spanking you. :l
wow
Well, at my school anyway.
/me extinguishes herself
I just got a 500 error too.
Oh Archer's Fist!
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/life-sized-rainbow-dash-plushie.html
I blame you Luna it was fine till you asked me =p
Nobody shall know of our forbidden love~
I'm getting a 502, but it was working fine before.
07,01i'm sorry...
@lovemeter myFist yourFace
13 myFist and yourFace are 5% in love.
07,01I was testing for House stream
/me hugs luna
/me 8gently smacks a hand against Silvermane's plot, blushing furiously
07,01MY EYES!
^aww yeah
/me is blind
/me hugs Luna, covering her eyes
WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS
@Lifemeter
6 You are 79% Life. (126)
/me stands proudly, knowing his glory blinds others
/me hugs Flaria
/me drinks Elixir
/me hugs both Luna and Flaria
It's okay Luna...
06,15Oh you're streaming now, Luna? :O
Oh good news luna ISP finaly came though and upgraded my conection.
/me uses eyedrops on Luna to cure Blind status
/me uses Tent
>Fluttershy
>Hand
yay I juts got a wierd 500 error on youtube
/me invites Fluttershy` and Luna to his /party/
what in the blue blazes is going on here
RPG-Style battles
Human ponies.
HUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMANS
@irresistiblemeter New DCD
6 New DCD is 48% irresistible. (127)
/me hugs Revolver
Welcome!
/me uses Knights of the Round on chat, doing 9999 damage with each blow.
@brokenmeter
6 You are 43% broken. (128)
@potatometer DashWithRainbows
@brokenmeter Silvermane
6 DashWithRainbows is 70% potato. (129)
6 Silvermane is 45% broken. (130)
^
@awesomemeter MrChang
6 MrChang is 93% awesome. (131)
08,1@brokenmeter Fluttershy`
6 Fluttershy` is 54% broken. (132)
07,01If you see them, show them this information:
07,014YEAZJhtrIgvEXCIdV-KIt3zw1skAOiWQC7TSTPm7dOFmTra2ptitNJOrTgE
07,01BPqMib8O99BlwLd7WugWoxAKaQcjjTutzlNOgyDHqGQA9IEgvhaijaFVbfsF
07,01z0AAZ5RewJ3oTyg0g0Z82dsrUxFt_xU6Y4qwPXCM3a_7OuAY_n3Opfm7R75D
07,01lol
07,01wtf
gah!
Luna lol yeah saw that
see that?
/me steals RobotPinkie's golden chocobo
93% awesome
yup
70% potato
I got that too
Hurry up and fix this Google!
06,15Eh, I have a stable full of them, MeteorVenture
Youtube is just having some server errors. It always gives you that error message because Google is Google
@lovemeter Flaria Flutterbitch_stomping_flowers_GIF
13 Flaria and Flutterbitch_stomping_flowers_GIF are 44% in love.
@KusakaRapesMariintheNovelmeter Kamen Rider Faiz
6 Kamen Rider Faiz is 31% KusakaRapesMariintheNovel. (133)
@Lovemeter Luna bronystate.net
13 Luna and bronystate.net are 15% in love.
^more like 200%.
you know what? that's just not fair:\
07,01hate*
08,1@heartbrokenmeter Fluttershy`
6 Fluttershy` is 29% heartbroken. (134)
@pony #BronyState
6 #BronyState is 12Spit8f7ire
okay.jpg
/me hugs the Fluttershy`
06,15@clock_upmeter RobotPinkie
6 RobotPinkie is 95% clock_up. (136)
@heremeter Apokalipse
6 Apokalipse is 37% here. (137)
lol derp
Sounds about right...
@hugmeter Fluttershy`
6 Fluttershy` is 15% hug. (138)
@pony Pony that is Gundam
6 Pony that is Gundam is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
@pony
12Rainbow-Dash is 7Ste6ven Mag7net
06,15@clop_upmeter RobotPinkie
6 RobotPinkie is 57% clop_up. (139)
Damn
06,15No idea what that even means.
Rainbow-Dash: you are 55% bullshit
That would be a big ass gundam DCD
>Clop Up
Nigga did you just ponify Kabuto
also I had a gift for you
a sec Pinkie
06,15Haha, yeah
@pony Kabuto
6 Kabuto is 8Bo12nB13on
06,15That was the idea, at least, but it came out a bit wrong :P
@pony Natleyn
6 Natleyn is 8Mr a7nd 11Mrs C13ake
@pony Kabutops
whut
6 Kabutops is 3Granny Sm15ith
here Pinkie
http://www.google.com/url?url=http://archive.easymodo.net/m/thread/3333216&rct=j&sa=U&ei=yc-ETvWfNYeBsgLG9eyrDw&ved=0CA8QFjAB&sig2=_GhD6yiqyKgOSC_KgJAqaA&q=kusaka+rapes+mari+in+the+novel&usg=AFQjCNFHGzmcQu0QLdq1jF51FGpfyyQtOw
BonBon evolves into Granny Smith
08,1@pony Silvermane is in love with
6 Silvermane is in love with is 7Mr Br15eezy
Stupis YT, I wanted to watch that pinkie fan animetion to chear me up before work.
@pony MrChang
Fluttershy`: hah
6 MrChang is 7Mr Br15eezy
08,1wait
08,1so
MrChang: Better watch out for silvemane
08,1MrChang and Silvermane are...
wow
08,1?!
Enjoy your daily dose of KUSAKA RAPES MARI IN THE NOVEL
WHAT
YES
NEW SHIP SILVERCHANG
Abscond to a bed or something
SILVERCHANG IS OTP
or MRMANE
06,15lolwut, NewDCD?
06,15That is.... very strange
/me hugs MrChang
I LOVE You
yeah, Kusaka rapes Mari in the novel
And Kiba kills him for it
/me kisses MrChang passionately
Silverchang? Sounds like RPG monies.
my only ship
/me kisses back.
let's do more of these
08,1oh lawd
is the S.S. Space Friend Ship
mmmmm you got a real pretty mouth
/me puts MrChang on his back and exuents to the bedroom
LETS GO!
Sweet mother of Celestia
08,1Adventure!
Why is this happening
;)
ADVENTURE!
wait
wait
06,15That is kinda messed up, yeah.
imma be on top
/me picks up Flaria under his arm on the way
Welcome back, Turgle
HEY
PUT ME DOWN D:
WE NEED AUDIENCE
@ponymeter the pony that is shipped with New DCD
6 the pony that is shipped with New DCD is 26% pony. (141)
it's okay! when it's in a 3 way
thanks Flaria :)
/me grabs a camera.
06,15I still love Faiz though, NewDCD :P
/me frees Flaria while running by Silvermane
derp
06,15Kinda glad he had those limitations on him
Thanks, Archer!
it's not gay! when theres a honey in the middle for some leeway
@pony The pony that is shipped with New DCD
6 The pony that is shipped with New DCD is 6R12A3I9N8B7O4W 11DASH
Now to get safe....
06,15@pony RobotPinkie's waifu
6 RobotPinkie's waifu is 10Trix11ie
/me flies into the sun
AHAHAHAHAHA OH WOW
U FILLIES JELLY?!?
RobotPinkie: YES
06,15Nice.
/me summons a blade and cuts Silvermane's hand
Have fun fighting Sethisto. >w>
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvI5VtpZwss&noredirect=1
Marceline is best singer
NEVER!
06,15Trixie and I have a lot in common, really.
/me turns spirit mode
/me is immune to blades
I think I might add Bakatest to things I show.
Welcome back, MantisToboggan
this is how i spent my evening today
http://i.imgur.com/mA3j2.jpg
@pony MrChang
6 MrChang is 2Princess L10una
say wurd?
Turgle: Best evening
NewDCD, wat.
Sethisto doesn't have a giant robot
Watch as we just stomp on himn
YES
/me glomps MRCHANG
why thank you
LOVE YOU LUNA
@pony
<3<3<3<3<3
<3<3<3<3<3
@pony
12MantisToboggan is 4Apple 8Bumpkin
nooo
/me thinks his economics teacher might be a brony
@pony
12Rainbow-Dash is 12Spit8f7ire
/me pats MantisToboggan
Eugh, economics.
I hated economics.
Not bad.. But no
hey now
my job revolves around it
06,15Commie bastard. :P
Flaria
LAWL
Now I still have a Problem, how to get away from them
Rainbow-Dash: we're getting shipped. Now bend over
/me brohoofs Silvermane
don't make fun of my NYSE
Put Equestrians as an answer, named his fake business my little parking garage, and has a year old daughter
But-...
/me has already shipped with rainbow-dash
:D
@pony
Quantitative easing, non-rivalous, price elasticity of demand, screw that shit.
Edward_Newgate: Send him a letter starting with "Dear Princess Celestia...."
I DON'T WANT TO BE THE PRICK
/me may just do that
YES
/me dunks Flaria into the sun
@pony
12MrChang is 8Flutter13shy
/me dunks Flaria into the sun
JUST BEND.OVER.
im just the best ponies, aren't I?
I cant do that for you NewDCD
It's nice in here. :3
@pony
12Sumica- is 8Bo12nB13on
my chat died
Yay!
Unfortunately, im going to have to run.
/me runs away
I know theres probably no escaping my fate. BUT IM GONNA TRY >.>
Flaria...
Rainbow-Dash: you do have wings, you realise this dont you?
revolver...
somepony...
help me...
I'm bacl
she's trying to kill me >.>
Silvermane: Wait, what?
*back
Correction then
/me flys away
>_>
roll save checks
NO. WAIT!! I STILL HAVE TO ATTACH THIS COMBAT GEAR SO YOU BECOME AN ANTI-SHIP POWER ARMOR RAINBOW DASH!!
@roll d20
nope.jpg
stupid Chrome froze on me
wasn't it !roll?
!roll 1d20
like that!
!roll 20
uhh
it's not enabled
no gameserv here
Wait dash with powered armor? Sounds good.
but it's not enabled
/me chases after Rainbow-Dash holding badass Ponytype Power Armor
Ponies in Power Armor is the last thing we need
Power Armor...
/me hugs Revolver
Welcome back!
FOR TOTAL DOMINATION!!
Nonsence power armore is always the answere
I wanna go to SPAAAACE!
Was thinking somthing like Bubblegum, what do you think dcd?
06,15ARRR, I need to watch more Faiz...
With this Armor on, you'd have as much firepower as a spaceSHIP
06,15How long until House, Luna?
/me equips a Heavy Bolter.
also class time, bbl
come at me.
later dcd
HOW LONG UNTIL YOUTUBE IS BACK GOOGLE?! HUH? HOW LONG?!
06,15Youtube is down?
Spaaz Meereehn
yep
Wait!
better
It just popped back up!
NOW I AM MYSELF
Woo!
06,15Myeah, it's working for me
Was down for the last 15 minutes or so here.
502. Thats an error.
The server encountered a temporary error and could not complete your request.
Please try again in 30 seconds. Thats all we know.
06,15I've been using it for about 10-20 minutes
06,15A bit slow to load on some pages, though
Heavy. How. Do. I. Make. Sandvich
heh I like that one
oh good i get my dose of too cute.
That didn't just happen
where Sumica?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xz2hsvByNno
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LfrnlVj40o DA PINK ONEZ ARE FUNNIAH!!
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "The march of Pinkie Pies (a.k.a. Pinkie&#39;s Parasprite Polka Parade)" - "I was bored.."
YES OH MY CELESTIA
AND IT'S ON A LOOP!
La da da da da. I'm gonna bury you in the ground. La da da da da. I'm gonna bury you in my sound.
I had happen once when I put a few too many pinkies with desktop ponies.
Sumica-: Yay~
Sorry I'm not made of sugar, Am I not sweet enough for you? Is that why you always avoid me? That must be such an inconvenience to you.
Dang it youtube. :l
Well, I'm just your problem. I'm just your problem. It's like I'm not even a person, am I? I'm just your problem.
Well, I shouldn't have to justify what I do. I shouldn't have to prove anything to you. I'm sorry that I exist, I forget what landed me on your black list.
But I shouldn't have to be the one that makes up with you. So, why do I want to? Why do I want to? To bury you in the ground... and drink the blood from your...
we need a pmv set to the main street electrical parade.
http://asksmartybelle.tumblr.com/post/10714456509/indeed-sweetie-indeed
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xFiYdWOt41s GO HOME AND BE A FAMILY BRONY!!
/me wonders how many even know what that is.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t38DPnkDjTM
Sumica-, Ooh ooh I don't
yeah i so just dated my self.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X7woJN8KNqM
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Disney Main Street Electrical Parade" - "Footage of the Disneyland/DCA electrical parade was shot on May 28th, 2006. To achieve the best sound quality, I used the original soundtrack (with a slight ..."
Oh.
@sexymeter MrChang
I just googled that, but I wasn't sure.
6MrChang is 16% sexy.
daww
Hah.
@sexually_attractivemeter MrChang
6 MrChang is 100% sexually_attractive. (142)
OH SNAP
:l
yeah but to who MrChang?
Why am I still listening to guile's theme
@boredmeter
6 You are 66% bored. (143)
06,15@pony
12RobotPinkie is 10Trix11ie
06,15....self-shipping, wat?
feh, time for work. have fun all.
bye Sumica- "
because Guile's theme is somhow still awesome.
Bye Sumica- !
/me hugs Sumica-
06,15later Sumica-
bye SUmi
Heyoo.
@pony
@pony
12MrChang is 15Tw6i4st
Gonna try a test again tonight when I get home.
who's twist...?
@pony
12MrChang is 3Granny Sm15ith
@pony
12MrChang is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
thunderhooves is BUFFALO
GAWD
06,15Twist is THO THUPER
twist is the applebloom's school friend
She makes candy.
Adventure time time
@pony The Ultimate Warrior
6 The Ultimate Warrior is 7Mr Br15eezy
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvI5VtpZwss&noredirect=1
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Marceline - I&#39;m Just Your Problem" - "I&#39;m Just Your Problem is a song in the episode &quot;What Was Missing,&quot; written by Rebecca Sugar and sung by Marceline, backed up by Finn, Princess Bubblegum, and..."
who was Mr Breezy again?
he appeared in the CMC episode were they get a fan
he supplied the fan
@pony Hulk Hogan
6 Hulk Hogan is 2Princess L10una
:l hence Mr Breezy
He sells fans and fan accessories
LUNA VS BREEZY!!
PROFESSIONAL WRESTLING
@pony Tom
6 Tom is 14Hoity-15Toity
@pony Flaria
6 Flaria is 10Trix11ie
@pony Hoity-Toity
6 Hoity-Toity is 7Mr Br15eezy
I'll be trixie
So Flaria and I are rivals?
Hiya Revolvr
@best_Ponymeter tom
6 tom is 85% best_Pony. (144)
since I am Twilight
no stream to night?
Whoo whoo!
later most likely
Who will bow to the /GREAT/ and /POWERFUL/ Flaria?
@pony DashWithRainbows
6 DashWithRainbows is 7Scoota6loo
Not me
im okay with this
/me hugs DashWithRainbows, I mean Scootalo- I mean the chicken
/me turns into a bucket of KFC
;~;
Flaria, you need to roll your R's a bit more
What am I, hispanic?
/me whimpers in a corner and rocks back and forth: "There's jersey shore on my Youtube frontpage..."
... sorry if that was racist, everypony. u.u
no but Trixie did that GRrrreat and Powerrfull TRrrIXIE
thingy
at least I heard it that way
I'm not hispanic and I take offense to that
AllisZero: .____.
Jersey Shore must be DESTROYED!!
I also take offense to people's happiness
And couples in the mall
So don't you worry!
Youtube's been wonky for some reason
And Ice-Cream
Oh.
06,15I take offense to anything that's not pony
/me hugs RobotPinkie
TGIJ
Stop being Francis, RobotPinkie.
it's time for...Ze MAGICKS!
/me has just poured his heart in a comical way, yet gets no hug
THANK GOD ITS JERSDAY
Just as planned?
its jersday.... one second
06,15Francis talks about ponies?
/me huggles AllisZero and swings him around in circles
This week flew by, jeez
/me explodes as it is jersday
Francis can't hate ponies. :l
AllisZero: It sure did
Must be because of S2E3 next week
So this week is unimportant
Next week no
The week after that
I'm allowed to make fun of Photo Finish's german (at least I think it is german) accent, since I'm german myself
Thefug
Yeah... October 15th mang
06Ja Flaschen, sie ist~
06,15Makes sense
That's an evil plot by Cartoon Network to destroy The Hub and regain it's viewers
06Pinkie~
What does Cartoon Network have of valuable nowadays
Thundercats?
Eh...
06,15You gotta stand up tall
also Lex Luthor just stole forty cakes
that's 40
Only cartoon besides FiM I really like is Phineas and Ferb
as many as 4 tens
06As much as 4 tens
06and that is just terrible
And that's terrible
06NIIINJAAAAA
>LEX LUTHOR
You're like the richest man in Metropolis. Can't you just buy some cakes?
06,15I love Courage the Cowardly Dog
Well I mean, stuff that's current RP
06Dextar's Lab. ;3
HE'S ONE OF THE RICHEST MEN IN THE DC UNIVERSE!! WHY DOESN'T HE JUST BUY THEM!!!
Think of the crossover potential.
06,15Oh, okay, then it makes more sense :P
>Only pretty good
>mfw
/me slaps Edward_Newgate
06Everypony knows Dari likes Adventure Time!
Eugh
Allis ninja'd me
06,15Haha, oh lawd
/me glomps VioletVanilla
Adventure Time sucks
Hiya!
/me ish glomp'd~
And it creeps me out.
06Hallo~ c;
what is adventure time?
/me hugs Flaria
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MvI5VtpZwss&noredirect=1
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Marceline - I&#39;m Just Your Problem" - "I&#39;m Just Your Problem is a song in the episode &quot;What Was Missing,&quot; written by Rebecca Sugar and sung by Marceline, backed up by Finn, Princess Bubblegum, and..."
THIS creeps you out?
you're one of my bestest friends here
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dj3lEf4QUZ8
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Ballad of the Alicorn Princess" - "Another instrumental, this time based around Celestia, who gets a bad rap for just trying to be a regular pony. She&#39;s lived thousands of years, but still fin..."
MARCELINE IS BEST SINGER EVER
06,15FiM is pretty much my favorite cartoon of all time, though...
^
06,15Not even nostalgia can beat FiM
same here RP, but before that it was Ed, Edd n Eddy for me
I think so too
Well, actually, sorry
Ed, Edd, n Eddy
I'm back.
I think Swat Kats takes that cake for me
I have a few Anime's I hold in a slightly higher regard, but that's just because of what they've done to me, not their content.
Now THAT was creepy
WB LTF
Same, Flaria.
What are you guys talking about?
Hiya LunaTheForgotten~
Favorite cartoons, shows, etc
^
Hi LTF
Hey guys.
TTGL for myself
MLP:FiM is my favorite.. what's yalls?
06Cowboy Bebop rocked me from Saxony to Stuttgart~ <3
Transformers: Beast Wars
My favourite used to be Kenan And Kel,or Doug.
06,15Out of all shows, animes, cartoons?
TTGL, S-Cry-Ed...
Champloo.
ooh s-cry-ed
STUTTGART IST VIEL SCHÖNER ALS BERLIN (Stuttgart is much prettier than Berlin)
06,15omfg S-Cry-ed, so damn awesome
I clump cartoon and anime into one category, cartoons.
EspyLacopa: Oh you.
/me hugs EspyLacopa
Needs more Reboot
Howdy y'all
No I take back what I said.
06,15I have to agree with EspyLacopa, really...
My FAVORITE was ORIGINAL Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Reboot disappointed me when they cut off the series with a crazy Megabyte in invading the central place of Mainframe.
I keep them apart since they usually never cross topics.
The comicbook?
I agree with most of those, but must also put forward Animaniacs and Batman The Animated Series for obvious reasons.
After all the crazy net adventures they had.
Can't forget about Freakazoid either
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O292KICg8_s
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Retrupack Lower - Disharmony" - "Well, I was thinking about my new track. For this time that&#39;s ponies, again. I don&#39;t know why my tracks about ponies, but I really like to create music about..."
06Ja, aber Saxony ist die Schönste~ ;D
Dat be awesome
I always held Animu in a higher regard than cartoons because rarely a cartoon had comparable quality...
Until FiM.
06,15They very frequently cross topics, I think... The biggest difference is that in Japan more TV-cartoons are aimed at adults.
you were saying flaria? http://img-fotki.yandex.ru/get/4507/inter-for.11/0_383ab_9a2f5f57_XL.jpg
MeteorVenture: RRRRRRRGH
/me hugs Luna
Then that perception was shattered
VioletVanilla Du a saxe?
Also, it's the older-targeted japanese cartoons that typically get exported from Japan.
lol that ship is just bad enough to make me consider rage as a viable option
06Ja, aus Dresden (:
The majority of anime series actually has teens and young adults as the target, with the obvious exceptions of course
(I mean, Shounen and Seinen kinda tell it all)
I never really watched anime.
BartSaku is OTP!!
06,15Myeah
/me meows at Luna
*TROLL*
07,01So are you ready for House?
HOUSE!
/me throws RobotPinkie into Luna's arms
For sure!
/me meows approvingly at Luna
WE WANT HOUSE
Go RobotKittie
Can anypony give me a original song name on http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRiK01MKdq8 ?
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Elektro Flutter HD [ThatKrystalFagget]" - "I just happened to be playing my pony playlist when I noticed this video missing because ThatKrystalFagget had closed the account. Luckily I had it downloade..."
/me glomps herospirit
My little beta tester!
Welcome~
Hey hero
/me hugs interior_gummy
hi everypony
'Lo~
Hiya~
lunatheforgotten you need to broaden your horizons of entertainment
Hey
hey interGummy
06,15What is this place filled with so many ponies, casting their spell that I am now... undies?
it's called agent g, basically it's gummy, angel, and octavia as spies
real Hoity-Toity
http://www.google.com/search?q=karl+lagerfeld&oe=utf-8&rls=org.mozilla:it:official&client=firefox-a&um=1&ie=UTF-8&hl=en&tbm=isch&source=og&sa=N&tab=wi&biw=1440&bih=766#q=karl+lagerfeld&um=1&hl=en&client=firefox-a&sa=N&rls=org.mozilla:it:official&tbm=isch&bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.r_cp.&fp=1&biw=1280&bih=827
MeteorVenture,I never really found it to my liking,
06,15:O
Ohey I hear muzaks
mfw i have been listening to this non-stop
THANK YOU Luna !
08,1love this song~
i am 95% sure that that highly depends on the anime
Nevermind everypony, I got a sauce.
/me points to Luna "SHE'S A PONY!"
07,01oui
hey Fluttershy`
06zat ist correct~
06,15Ohay again Fluttershy`
06Fluttershy~
/me hugs Fluttershy
I like this. :D
what song is this
Hey critic
also, the story is a oneshot, and the villain is my characterization of a certain background character
i so need to find the cable for my X-Rocker...
Howdy Flaschen ^_^
07,01She's A Pony Remix
EVIL DERPY?
06,15She's a pony, AllisZero
06,15aw
Luna, what season/episode of house are we on?
tonight we finish S3
Thanks luna, RobotPinkie
08,1yes!
08,1hehe
'cause I can't wait for http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XiB25tF0Bas
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "Elektro House" - "Oh look I made a pun The original video&#39;s here, since someone asked: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZovvjqSLPU&amp;feature=related Oh yeah and KinkyOats got the..."
Oh god yesh
SSSS AAAA FFFF EEEE TTTT YYYY
so, if you see a fanfic posted on equestria daily called 'agent g', it's mine :D
/me does the Safety Danc
*Dance
I'm dancing to this
My dog is giving me a weird look
i like the original more, but this is good too
I can't even dance and I'm moving to the beat. xD
the fic is on fanfiction.net now, if you want to see it
/me is setting everything up for House
your dog is killing the chat with this lookery
06We can dance~
my dog is like "I don't know this guy"
/me is young
06,15We can jive, having the..... oh nvm
So
07,01Looks like next week we finish Season 4
I finished the Cole Train and Pinkie Pie portions of my "Cole Train riding Pinkie Pie" themed picture.
Now I need to add some like....
background....
/me brohoofs herospirit
and Locust.... and stuff
Background? What's that?
Well, Cole Train is shooting his gonna without looking in the direction he's firing,
So it must be hitting SOMETHING
That's why I need Locust.
:0
Ahh
LOL
Yay~!
... this is so much better with the spotlights
Though he's firing it kinda downwards, so maybe it's just victory fire. :I
anyone else sound making a small cracking sound?
07,01yep
yup
so, 3 memes created by the first episode-discord shuffle, scootaloo is a dodo, and chocolate rain
is it paused?
Yesh Dash
Ohhh, there's a single player demo of one of the MLP Online games?
or frozen
thought it was my speakers
07,01its paused for a reason :P
ok
interior_gummy: Don't forget Sweetie Belle is a dictionary and the first word is AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
right
WORK YAH PIECE OF HORSEAPPLES!! *shakes fist at video*
Also, I made Cole look REALLY FUCKING HYPED to be riding Pinkie Pie into battle. :0
I mean who wouldn't be?
I hear music but still see Discord
07,01thats cause the sound is still bugged
Hi guys I'm on an irc iPod app
Just testing it. Can u hear me?
cool LC
07,01hear u?
07,01eeenope
we read you
Oh lol
Now one of my dogs is throwing me looks and the other is whining because he isn't the center of all attention
:0
I'll be back later, around 6 or so. Just wanted to see if this worked. Cya
And the third one is probably off, like... eating the floor, or something
She does that. She literally eats the floor.
Seeya LC!
bye LordCelestia, see you later
i can read it partially
cya LC
Bye LordCelestia.
it's blurry...
ein moment bitte
ein augenblik geduld
Something about the blink of an eye?
on moment please is clear enough at least, heh
*one
More languages I don't understand D:
Ich spreche nur ein bisschen Duetsch
/me hugs Zephirdd
:[
Hiya!
/me hugs Flaria
HEEEEY =D
stream's on?
<3
06Deutsch*~ ;3
Lunam you streaming?
there we go!
Yay~
rattle gone
*Luna
I... misspelled Deutsch
I'm a failure
TIM CURRY AS DISCORD?
/me hugs Herospirit~
06Is okay
it FITS
Oh gog.
/me has been rooting for Tim Curry as Discord forever
It really does
I sometimes misspell words I should know
Mother of Celestia.
07,01I do the same, no worries
06Everypony does~
06,15I wish I had had Curry for dinner, but I had some falafel instead.
I once forgot how to spell "The"
/me pats herospirit on the back
06Thus where Teh came from~ ;D
06,15"quick, what's the phone number to 911?"
06NEUN EIN EIN~
"What color was George Washington's white horse?"
HOSUUUEEEEEEEEEE
gray
06HOOUUUUSSSSSUUUUU~
George Washington?
Wasn't it Napolelon?...
06,15You can have any color, as long as it's black.
06Maaateeee~
/me brohoofs RobotPinkie
BLACK'S NOT A COLOR!
It's gonna be the sensei
:P
not the sensei
but the woman
06Exploding blood all over the wall. .
/me brohoofs back
FOREMAN! DON'T KILL HER TOO
Just another splatter in the wall
You know sometimes speaking Genglish is fun.
So I can say
ACH
MEIN LEG.
:I
Yup!
/me hugs herospirit
yes, es kann make fun
XD
06MEIN FUß!!
06,15Leg chow mein
you forgot the "ACH"
Kindergarten
best example of a german word in english usage
06,15"Problem, House?"
06Child garden OÖ
Kindergarden
Yah
Kid garden
:p
well, child garden.
Mein beta tester?
Ja?
/me shrugs
YESSS
Uns geht's gut, richtig hero? Violet?
I CAN NOW WATCH THE STREAM
Goodbye productivity
06,15So much German
06Ja Flaschen~ ;3
Ja, alles gut.
07,01nah klar
We are educating the masses
Well, not quite...
to appreciate other languages
06,15"Yeah basically I tortured this kid, and I thought that meant I was as good a doctor as House"
I'm not learning anything :c
/me sings Herz an Herz by Paso Doble
Hiya Pontang
Ein kartoffeln ist Schwine, ja?
hello
Hello.
hey Pontang
06,15Hay Pontang
Llamas?
lol, "he wants to breed llamas" XD
07,01heya Pontang
Llamas are awesome
Nobody said anything about my last German sentence
They said I couldn't teach a llama to drive!
But I did.
sorry, the grammar hurt my eyes hero. I needed to forget it
teh speling, the pain!
06XD Flaschen
>:3
06GRAMMAR LESSON
angry cat face?
06Vowels go together
That, coupled with the nonsense, was the desired effect
An angry German man.
06Schweine is english "swine" or pig.
One of the few things I have memorized.
did you try to order some food?
Ohai everyone
Hey Crono
Bad grammar + bad spelling + nonsense sentence = angry German
._.
So which episode is this?
How many patients die in this show?
Yellow back, yeah that looks healthy.
07,01this is ep 22
1 pony + 1 pony + 1 pony = ????
She'll be fine, walk it off!
06Every patient
06;3
WALK IT OFF, MARINE
BUT I WALKED MY LEG OFF!
Thanks Luna
WALK OFF YOUR MISSING LEG
07,01your welcome
/me walks off the other leg
....
NOW I HAVE NO LEGS, SIR!
lolvegans
CRAWL IT OFF
UNTIL YOU HAVE LEGS
Going home everypony
Be back in a few.
AND THEN WALK IT OFF!
07,01see you in a bit
Bye
SIR! YES, SIR!
See ya AllisZero
so I enter the stream
and house is like
"Stick a cupcake in your eye" Dr Pinkie.
stick a needle in er eye
right this is a medical show
So I must be a Doctor
And I must have a medical degree
Stick a needle in your eye
Her eyes are open
This is nasty
STICK A CUPCAKE INTO IT
06,15No, this is Patrick
._.
And now you can't sleep right
Once the needle goes in, she'll be able to find the marker, and stop the necromprophs
This is nice
07,01it is..?
yes, you Luna, giving us this Stream
06,15....He's drugging WIlson?
that is nice
/me hugs Luna thankfully
07,01is the sound derping?
no spoiling what house is doing :P
Yes the sound derps a little
Horse stacked our dirt roads into soap.
07,01oki gimme a second
Out-trolled
house*
Counter-troll lol
stream pause
06,15I wouldn't know, Flutterz, I'm just seeing this now
06Stream paused, give us a minute we are working on it.
ecxactly, im telling people not to spoil it for you :P
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-they-did-have-snips-and-snails.jpg
07,01dat look
/me mind is blown
06Dat face
06<3
i think wilson is suspicious...
06Wilson~
dem eyes
at least thats what his face says
hello #bronystate
oh lawl
06,15Power Puff Ponies, I guess is what someone's trying to say
Hey lag
Hiya Lag!
Dat freezeframe
hey Lagmobile
suspicious Wilson is suspicious
06,15Hey Lagmobile
Hey LagMobile.
I started biking to school again..
Diftraku! you blew my mind into SMITHEREENS!
Mwahahahahahahaha
lol
i now understand why people go shirtless
Wilson sees ponies
Neh.
Ponies voiceover house MD
that's the reason he has that look
<3
Is it just me or is the stream frozen?
Ponies riff over House? This sounds like an excellent plan.
just paused
My brother is torrenting all of case closed ;______;
"Is that Purple Pony Unicorn talking?
lol
I thought I was going insane...
~~~~~lol~~~~~ not so funny now that someone is drowning
06,15Well, that's also true.
you are! everyone here is but very slowly
or not so slowly
"House, do you also see the ponies?"
Or is already there :D
Whoa
Also, *everypony
trippy
DESKTOP BLINK
Ponies. Ponies everywhere
doze clicks
/me imagines House as a Pony
WHOA!
06I do see~
Wilson is like DAFUQ
Why did you stop the song?
07,01because i'm trying to fix the sound derp
"House, is this what happens when you take Vicodyn?"
"DAT PINK ONE IS SINGING!"
"Cause Im seeing talking ponies"
"She isnt
06http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_8XlorG6n_cI/TUkFKm3QImI/AAAAAAAAA-c/h7Ch1QlZARA/s1600/1296628060215.jpg
lol
ROFL
lolwut?
Dat's Pinkie Pie for you
dat pinkie
Oh the irony
Dat brohoof...
oh the iron knee!
dat rarity
Then there's Wilson looking slightly awkward
brb
06Wilson just smelled something he does not like c.c
dont start without me ;)
06inb4 the stream starts and works fine
06See you soon Flutterz~
06;3
"are you sure that pink one is going to be alright house?"
"What would a brave pony like Rainbow Dash do?"
/me grumbles
thanks for waiting guys :3
can start now
/me hugs Luna
I kind
it will work out
kid*
Dat audio crackle
06Dat cracklejack
06Dat Candleja
Take your time, Luna, we're in no hurry
/me hugs Luna
"I NEED MORE ROPE!
I NEED MORE RAPE
wait what
06:c
Who are you talking about VioletVanilla?
06Flutterz. . .
typo lol
Do you mean Candleja-
"NEED A DISPENSER!"
Hypnotoad and Candlejack are probably the most overusALL GLORY TO THE HYP
07,01please remember -25:44 tyvm
"House, do you think that it's still alive?"
25:44
-25:44
http://i.imgur.com/3V4uc.png
whats that? 44:52?
Then suddenly, Nightmare Moon
alrighty then
dammit I was 51:28 off :P
Lolwut
it's right about halfway
the episodes are roughly 50 minutes as far as i remember
Diftraku: you work fast, now put it with pony captions!
heh
"DAT PINK ONE LOOKS AT ME!"
WWRDD
we need that button or t-shirt
-25:44
I woud wear a WWRDD t-shirt
Same.
On the back it'd say "Chaaaaaaaaarge!"
06Dat recycle bin~
WWRDD? What Would Rainbow Dash Do?
Very same
i would have ponies put onto my car and play She's a pony in the town center
haters gunna hate
obai stream
07,01stream will be back
07,01gimme a moment
http://i.imgur.com/Vblow.jpg
TIME TOOOOOO SAAAYY GOOOD-BYEEEEEE!
Diftraku: Fukken saved
Dift. you are awesome
:P
Haha
I couldn't resist it xD
That pose is just too good to not be wasted
if you do more such as this, i will make you a personal folder :3
Diftraku: <3
Get a convertible, stick a mast in the center with sails, dres up like pirates THEN pump "She's a Pony" at full blast while driving in circles
And since Pinkie breaks 4th wall by default...
http://i1107.photobucket.com/albums/h394/the_creator12345/derpinkie.jpg
Diftraku for Brony of the DAY!
The you will have street cred forever
DashWithRainbows: I probably will, if I spot something good that's worth fooling around with xD
Flutterz: WIN.
Shall we do the Time Warp again?
yes
lets do the time warp again
Guys, sweet news. I can watch MLP in my room on my TV now :D
There clearly needs to be more of this pics. xD
It'S just a jump to the left
*these
^yay
Put your Hands on your Hips
Welcome back LordCelestia
And congratulations ;3
Hey LC
Post it to MyLittleBrony Diftraku
yeah and in 1080i HD too :D
Tom on a T-Shirt!
sweet shirts!
Rock front/Diamond Back
both sides of Tom
Diamondback? They got to nerf that Revolver...
what?
Whoa.
lol
I almost thought chat died on me.
;__;
i like the "im gonna tolerate" shirt the best
*love and tolerate
Where are you getting the diamond back?
Kind of want "Correcting Crimes Against Fabulosity".
is there anywhere else that sells pony shirts other then we love fine?
Heh, Crimes against fabulosity
Except I don't dress fabulous enough alraedy.
already, evne.
Also does no one else play TF2?
Already, even, even.
:l
lol
Not me, Lagmobile.
/me gives Flaria a comforting pat on the back
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-and-thats-where-you-came-from.jpg
Then my diamondback comment is lost...
Revolver: <
<3
If we rocky!
Welp
I'm done typing for today.
sorry
STREAMS BACK!
Yay moosic!
/me hugs Luna
REVOLVER
Yay~
LAWL
WHAT
/me hugs Flaria "GOOD JOB TELLING HIM TO POST THAT HERE"
Is that sum autotune
loading...
Rarity married Tom?
/me hugs Silvermane
06What is this song? o:
Oh god.
not tom. her childhood rocl
07,01a random tune
Must be Alex S
06DUBSTEP
*rock
06D:
06GET IT OUT
NO
NOT DUBSTEP!
bad Wooble bass NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Yay dubstep
MAKE IT STOP!
CMC Skrillex Abuse
OH GOD
http://i1107.photobucket.com/albums/h394/the_creator12345/derpshy.jpg
Chillax people :(
07,01easyyyyy
07,01done
DerpyGrooves - Scary Cutie Marks and Nice Crusaders (Skrillexabuse mix)
/me throws up "why luna why!?
Heh.
MY LITTLE DUBSTEP
Thanks Dif.
FUND IT
Flutterz: Lol.
07,01you see this?
Wilson must like Fluttershy.
yes
06XDD
what did I miss?
/me feels his soul begin to be slowly burned away
wat is it
yes i can taste it
06Flutterz you are silly~
07,01all pony music
I see what you're doing there Luna..
my god...
07,01I just clicked a random
nice
06:3
Whats with the random error beeps?
06Luna~ It is okay~ I was only kidding. .
is that just me?
Indeed I am, VioletVanilla :D
Frig yeah
CUPCAKES SO SWEET AND TASTY!
O_O
Septette for the Dead Fashionista
/me joins
awww yeah
/me welcomes
YAY!
/me joins
Trixie's good side~
/me dances
What have I missed.
NOW BACK TO THE GOOD PART
SANDVICH! So moist and delicious, SANDVICH! I'm coming for you!
/me welcomes back LunaTheForgotten
not much, stream was having problems
/me DJ Pon3 headbob
06,15great song this
/me welcomes everyone with 3-word nicks
-25:44
25:44 Luna
:)
-25:44
ninja'd
25:44
Lagmobile: This
Oh dammit
damn you Flutterz !
just turn the music down a bit please :D
off the music
06,1544:25, no doubt
you're welcome, DashWithRainbows :)
How much House have I missed?
no RobotPinkie it was 44:52
not much
you must of read it wrong
the stream died :P
06,15Ohh, makes sense
paused not died :P
Dat face.
http://www.welovefine.com/product.php?id_product=737
64:52?
http://cheezpictureisunrelated.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/wtf-photos-videos-they-dont-need-to-refrigerator-says-it-all.jpg
don't alwas assume the worst
House: "yes i see the pony as well"
im lolling at the "look out here somes Tom videos on yotube"
diftraku, do your job
i lol'd at the fridge
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/05be56c0-2eec-4675-ab15-6f103324b57c.jpg
"that yellow one looks normal"
/me is waiting for Diftraku to do what he does best with house
They paused for the music to finish.
06,15Oh wow
Dang it Lagmobile.
I return
/me hugs AllisZero
Welcome back!
WB AllisZero
Wb Allis
/me hugs Flaria back
Hi Allis
Thanks everypony
I remember this one
That pic with Wilson and Pinkie that you made Diftraku, post it to my little brony
06,15Hay again, AllisZero
/me hears the song "Who the fuck is Alice"
Yo alliszero
Hai RP, Lagmobile
sorry, that song will never leave me
it's right here *points to head*
http://i.imgur.com/JBH8a.jpg
HER HEAD ASPLODE
Outch
AAAAA
Pinkiewilson is already on mylittlebrony :P
Awesome Dift
F***
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Diftraku: <3
seems fine to me
FUUUUUU
lol
Diftraku,lol
Nothing wrong with that
http://cheezpictureisunrelated.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/wtf-photos-videos-my-perfect-sunday.gif
so relevant
06,15Wow, sometimes this show...
Always relevent
Revolver,Awesome.
I would LOVE to do that
http://www.welovefine.com/product.php?id_product=737
but I don't have the money for the costume
abritrarily i dont know what im talkig about
http://www.welovefine.com/product.php?id_product=878
This looks painful.
Lagmobile, y u remind me I can't make that shirt work D:
No purple for you Flaria?
Dat chocolate
Pinkie Zonday
07,01lol
Nope :(
Purple isn't my color....
Reality TV became better
http://i1107.photobucket.com/albums/h394/the_creator12345/twiderp.jpg
nice Flutterz
http://cheezcomixed.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/koma-comic-strip-woop-woop-woop.jpg
:D
Flutterz,lol
....
Wilson is trippin
ZOIDBERG!!
These links are so funny.
speed talking lol
http://cheezcomixed.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/koma-comic-strip-you-know-he-might-have-something-there.jpg
aliens
Wilson :l
Relating to that pinkie marshmellow one from earlier: http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/1d1930b9-1bb5-485c-b52d-d220a714daac.jpg
Wislon gunna die
http://cheezcomixed.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/koma-comic-strip-video-game-models.jpg
Poor Wilson.
Revolver: Yes
Lagmobile: Lmao.
LOL, Revolver
Thats even the Double dash Hub
PHOTOSHOP FAIL
12th place in Zelda
lul
lol
http://cheezcomixed.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/koma-comic-strip-mmmf.jpg
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
i think i'll watch
lol 69
I do that too
art of the dress or winter wrap up
Kevin Malone is the man!
"everybody dies" -House
whoops
"everybody lies" -House
http://cheezcomixed.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/koma-comic-strip-its-finally-over.jpg
XD
^hah!
good shot
Could you repost that? canished
Nope Chuck Testa
vanished*
i want that chuck testa meme to be killed now...
hahahhaa
LOL
its so annoying
http://cheezcomixed.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/koma-comic-strip-its-finally-over.jpg
My leg hurt
xD
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/a5f2bc74-9975-4077-b169-11f90cf3009c.gif
as a link plox
Lagmobile: you were beaten to it
I just now got that!!!! And I've seen this episode many times
when?
just earlier
Lagmobile: I LOVE YOU
the link above yours...
Revolver's, yours dissapeared again :[
It was because House peed in that cup.
Flutterbitch makes me so happy guise
You have no idea
http://cheezcomixed.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/koma-comic-strip-damn-title.jpg
that link is different
what are the movies this weekend?
dat smile
its the quial cheny testa one above mine
07,01in 14 mins
6.28 is TWO DAMN PI
REVOLVER WHY DO YOURS KEEP DISSIPEARING
mib_l5f6te: its a special event this wek
I always though he had made some drug concoction thing-y
week*
The number of times that guy is on the internet is TOO DAMN HIGH!
because it hates you
that's why
mods will not reveal what it is, so we must wait until friday night
cool, whats so special about it? what are they streaming?
ugh
its a secret
same time?
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/9aa5e562-7f9d-4a74-b9e2-599dd8a90205.jpg
7pm ET?
Charlie Sheen is TOO DAMN HIGH
lol flutterz
Sad thing is I might not be here this weekend.
/me brohoof
im guessing so, but im going to be on straiht after school so...
/me brohoof
i am :3
Yep :D
07,01good good
ah am mam
excellent....
I'm not Luna
How do I sign up for the letter?
How I do dat.
07,01PM me
i may not join the streat until later because my texas rangers are playing in the MLB playoffs
How do you get a protein deficciency holy crap
All I eat is goddamn protein
nb4 "i dont like baseball"
by not eating enough protein
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/9aa5e562-7f9d-4a74-b9e2-599dd8a90205.jpg
lol
You mean my email?
XD
07,01yep
mib_hsze0b: the stream goes on for a long time so dont worry
well take care guys i gtg.. these pics are pretty funny though D:
http://chzallnighter.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/party-fails-in-that-case-cocktail-alcohol-legs-spread.jpg
oops
by Meteor
bye* lol
Dang it Revolver
xD
Bye Meteor.
Night meteor
seeyah meteor
i live in the uk, stream starts at around 10/11pm and goes on throughout the morning
cyall:D
goodnight MeteorVenture !
lol Revolver
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/5a6108b6-2f8e-4cd9-98ec-94b1dcccbd77.jpg
true
http://www.fibers.com/shop/brony
http://chzallnighter.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/party-fails-them-and-their-damn-invites-farmville.jpg
Lagmobile: so true
so many links
/me hugs Lagmobile
http://www.fibers.com/shop/design/here-comes-tom.D46355
click ALL the links!
no credit
Flutterz: NEVAH!
Guys,I'll see y'all later
Just posting what i find
Bye.
Bye
No "challenge accepted"? I am disappoint
okay then, bye LunaTheForgotten !
Bye
seeyah LTF
/me hugs LunaTheForgotten goodbye
DANG IT
/me hugs LunaTheForgotten
/me sads
Flutterz: Gimme a sec
Bye LunaTheForgotten
bye LunaTheForgotten
/me hugs Flaria
better?
WE WILL NIVER FORGET YOU
BNEVER*
NEVER*
Wow.
GOD DAMN IT
facepunch
Flutterz: Challenge Accepted
:D
sudder realization of great truth
sudden*
coolest explanation why she's gonna die
of course it is
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/41f2f9cc-c009-476f-a9c9-194f6fbee37b.jpg
Espy. It's NORMAL in his world
Ive seen this episode today
ideaa
I mean ive seen this episode before
Flutterz: http://i.imgur.com/kKgd3.jpg
I've seen it like a year ago
06,15Dramatic face means he's figured it all out...
/me squee
OUT!
OUT I SAY
Why you do this D:
I can't click all the links, I don't have enough internets...
Well everyone... my dreams have just been crushed brutally.
explain LC
Wow, super dramatic Zero
LordCelestia: What happened? ;_;
Flaria: +1 Internets
how LordCelestia ?
Remember earlier when I said id be getting My Little Pony in my room in Hi-Def?
Oh come on House
What happened?
yes
go on
;_______;
Q_Q
oh
NOOOOOOOooooooo~
oh dear
THOSE ASSHOLES
Sucks bro
/me hugs LordCelestia
06,15Feels bad, pony
GO BACK THERE AND LOVE AND TOLERATE THE SHIT OUT OF THEM
Usually i'd be like FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU------...... but there ponies drive me to love amd tolerate.
/me grouphugs Flaria and LordCelestia
LordCelestia: what you feel now is what EVERY UK BRONY FEELS ALL THE TIME
I mean if...you want to.. *squeak*
dash is right
Wilson dosed House
House dosd Wilson
payback
I WANT TO BE A DOCTOR IT SOUNDS FUN
lol
And the girl fail-dosed
they dosed each other
AllisZero: This
it does
All we IT guys do to each other is destroy our MBRs
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/70e6c939-3a64-4c70-b6f6-d4aa78d7e7d6.jpg
AllisZero: MBR?
dat lies
Master boot record
Oh snap, legal violation
Oh.
LAG WINS!
Lagmobile: xD
lol
The stuff that makes your Operating System pop up
lol
fun
06,15nope.jpg
House is such a jerk
Im toatally doing that to my friends next time im at the IT desk
trololo House
just chuck testa
One sec
FYI, MBR holds the partition table for the hard disk drive
06,15Damn straight, Cuddy
lol
I always accepted the fact that i couldnt watch MLP, but right when i was phsyched to finally get it (and spent 30 minutes preparing the charter box) it DIDNT WORK
D':
:'(
My little cousins want to play xbox...
/me offers hugs to LordCelestia
got go set it up for them
brb
/me accepts hugs
I just realised i get an extra two hours lie in tomorrow
looks like im staying up tonight then
same
xD
Hahaha
xD
true dat
he doesnt
I'd stay up, but I stop being productive because of school.
House is too badass
dat OS popup
06,15She's smarter than House thought...
Hugh Laurie - British - Tea
my dog has re-invaded my room
herospirit: What's he doing now?
I'm british and tea makes me vomit
And claimed the blanket upon my floor
EspyLacopa: <3
herospirit: Oh.
Yay!
Dumori: tea is a very rare thing i will drink, even then i pour tons of sugar into it just to get rid of the taste
Moar Trixie's Good Side
Hugh Laurie - British - Tea - India - Tech Support - Microsoft - Xbox - PS3 - PSP - Technology - MRI - Doctor - House MD - Hugh Laurie
Its an endless cycle!
DashWithRainbows: Really?
06,15So awesome.
I drink tea sugarless.
yep
/me hugs Ghosties
Hiya!
tons of sugar for me
04*waves*
how many eps are in s3 still?
/me meows at Luna
I was saying
/me waves
06,15Ohay Ghosties
hey ghosties
07,012 left guys
hey Ghosties
Ohai Ghosties
I drink tea sugarless all the time, though I vary the sugar a bunch.
hey Ghosties
oonts oonts oonts
I HUGGED GHOSTIES FIRST ;__;
/me glomps Ghosties "OH MY FRICK GUESS WHAT"
/hipster
I drink coffee heavy with sugar and tea thick with honey. :I
I replied to him first
/me is a hipster
06,15I hugged Ghosties before it was cool.
i eat pizza for breakfast :l
same
if i have leftovers
06,15lol
back
front
I drink coffee black with no sugar or sugured out of the ass. Depending if I'm wacking up or not
Kinect is dusty as fuck
06,15Man, I could listen to PinkiePieSwear all day...
same here RP
I hate the taste of coffee
I vary how much sugar and other stuff I put in coffee.
i need more of that users songs
/me brohoofs DashWithRainbows
Coffee is the best part of ,my life bar FiM
same as Flaria
/me brohoofs back
So many system updates
percentage of what goes into my tea
<Flutterz> Hugh Laurie - British - Tea - India - Tech Support - Microsoft - Xbox - PS3 - PSP - Technology - MRI - Doctor - House MD - Hugh Laurie <-- Why didn't you go straight form Tech Support to Technology?
lol wut?
I didn't know waht I wanted it to lead up to then :P
40% sugar, 10% tea 40%water 10% milk
The only thing I don't usually like is having the same type of coffee two days in a row.
or i jist eat the sugar by itself
just*
dat song
Flutterz: I have a better version: Hugh Laurie -> Hugh Laurie
lol
Flaria: mind = blown
WINTER WRAP-UP!
:3
06,15Too little sugar, DashWithRainbows
no manure, Flaria
Laurieception? O.o
inb4winterwrapupspam
No more House?
06,15You need to put sugar in your sugar
WINTER WRAP UP
Winter wrap-up winter wrap-up
RobotPinkie: This
06,15So you can get diabeetus while you get diabeetus
Cause tomorrow's spring is here!
RP, how about pure glucose mixed in with sugar inside an energy drink?
'cause tomorrow spring is here!
What does a Winterwrapup evolve into?
Wh is hugh laurie on both sides of the sectrum?
06,15Sounds like a plan, DashWithRainbows!
WINTER WRAP UP
WINTER WRAP UP
WINTER WRAP UP
06,15lol actually I try to avoid sugar, but I do love my tea...
love that RBD doesn't have an extra Singer
that will be the drink i will have when im about to die
2] [85:Amalgam]: Fluttershy is best pony and screw the rest of you.[2] [Frozensoda]: twilight sparkle[2] [Frozensoda]: ftw[2] [Darkzyrklord]: Rarity is so hot back up
Oh WoW
WINTER WRAP UP
Lol Colgate x Berry Puch shipping all over this episode
WINTER WRAP UP
WINTER WRAP UP
but right now i want to try Jack Daniels syrup
06,15Well, when you drink that, you'll probably be about to die regardless of other circumstances :P
AllisZero: Oh you
WINTER WRAP UP
WINTER WRAP UP
[2] [Flows]: Rainbow Dash is the fucking shit.
Hahaha
WINTER WRAP UP
'cause tomorrow spring is here!
doctor will see im dead from the drink and actually came to tell me im healthy
XD
06,15A bit too much WWU-spam
love that RBD doesn't have an extra Singer.
:(
Todayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy~
06,15lol don't worry
FREEEEEEEEEEENZ-oh wait
06,15I won't kick you :P
I made sure to post in in doses :P
thanks :D
it in*
Again why does Colgate and Carrot Top keep switching teams?
ART OF THE DRESS IS BEST SONG!
cso they are MVP
YES
ALMOST
WWU is better :P
06,15Rarity is so awesome in this episode...
/me gets swung around
We got to get mics activated in this room and then start a massive sing along
/me Fluttersquee
Also, I wanna make an Art of the Pixel.
She is
heyyy =D
Maybe eventually.
06,15WWU is my second favorite song in FiM, I think
PIECE BY PIECE, SNIP BY SNIP
Piece by piece
/me hugs CosmicDashie
hey Cosmic
Voice no work over IRC
Yo Cosmic
TAAAAAAAAAAANK
06,15after At the Gala
hi everyone =D
hey cosmic
/me hugs flaria back
06,15Hey CosmicDashie
i am back!
just played Bf 3 beta
so baos
hey chang
And MrChang
06,15and welcome back MrChang
bouip!
hi chang =D
by the time i downloaded it the servers were down
MrChang: 'ey
Im going to get the beta right now
brb
pong
sew ALL the dresses together
boing
HOUR BY HOUR, ONE MORE CHANGE
inb420%
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=Zgr3DiqWYCI
Seriously
Those cops are assholes
omg blackout at school today x3
WINTER WRAP UP
damn fluttershy and her french dresses
okay i just checked my school planner and it says i only have 2 lessons tomorrow, thinking of drawing something on Macromedia Fireworks...
should i do this tomorrow?
STREAMER
boing
06,15Whose dress is this?
mine
i just wanna hug pinkie
make it cooler
is there a stream goin on? =o
INCOMING COOLER
20% cooler
God damn Sony agreement...
06,15@coolermeter
6 You are 21% cooler. (145)
lol
No... I just want my dress to be FUCKING BATTLE ARMOR
lagmob, you got ps3?
06,15SO CLOSE
hi vee!!!!
Ya
SO GLOSE
/me brohoofs Lagmobile
Close, even
PIECE BY PIECE, SNIP BY SNIP
awesome :D
/me brohugs Lagmobile in the process.
Getting the battlefield 3 beta
right now
you won't regret it
LOL RP
but the pet peeve i have about it
Moar trixie?
Also what if I want to sue sony?
i want that... but i am not buying a seperate game for it
during intense fights
And dont agree to the agreement
my little pwny
Battlefield 3 > all CoD games
its hard to distinguish foe from ally
awwh the stream isent on
stream's on
just no image
it is?
^
oh
they put the PWN in PWNY!
oh i have sound off
thats why
it's like a RADIO
We're playing music
lol
Luna is now Pandora
Flutterguy
FLUTTERGUY YES
Dang it.
IN A big tasty stew!
New Vinyl Scratch room?
Why do I type terribly. :l
lolwut
your on the internet, it just happens
play the shannon kent version of the OP!
its quiet =p
oh
my speakers were turned off
thats why
...
07,01lol
/me tacklecuddles CosmicDashie
hi luna!!!!
what's with the pop
WINTER WRAP UP
and the boing
:(
no more, honest :P
06,15Aw, I jelly :P
Had to move my ps3 on to the really old crappy crt tv...
NO
/me hugs luna
How awesome is it that Rainbow Dash doesn't have an extra singer?
/me meows at Luna
you need HDMI
:3
off of my sexy hd 1080i one...
NAO
/me Fluttersquees Luna
My hd tv is dead
lag, did it finally died
/me hugs everypony
/me hugs Luna
that and my cusins are currently using it
/me stretches his arms infinitely to hug EVERYPONY IN EXISTENCE!!
its really dark
/me hugs Luna
yo
screw that
make them watch the SD TV
wut u gonna move down there then lag
ITS BATTLEFIELD 3, MAN!
The sdtv is in my room
man I'm such a douche.
/me shakes Lagmobile by the shoulders.
Lagmobile: heres what you do
"Ok, if I'm healing does that make you feel any better?"
no one is aloud i my room
1 - kick them out of the house
06,15Time for more ICO while I listen to this...
"No, it actually scares the hell out of me"
/me has just been staring at the screen for like 5 minutes
2 - get the beta
3 - ????
4 - profit
simple
thats what i did with halo reach beta
I want the antagonists from S1 to reappear
i cant wait to hear the new music
Welcome back, DashWithRainbows
the metro ma
from season 2 :3
map
22 mins till the beta installs
/me hugs Rainbow-Dash
its pretty bright
Welcome!
whoops spam to much
wtf
Dari?
Who
I hear voices
DARI
...
IS THAT YOU
so much waiting...
awesome :D
06,15Yeah, that's him indeed.
Pleassssssssssssse ;__________;
Thats the voices asking us to get creative
hey
yup
eeeyup
No we can't
OooooooooOOoooo :P
I hear Bronies...
SEXY VOICE IS BACK
wait...
woah
I hear star wars.
is that dari
SILVERMANE COME BACK
dari's putting on the Ritz
Dariiii <3
should be good
hero!
blOODY BRILLIANT
lol
spoony ass
go
this is quality entertainment right here
=p
GHOSTIES
Oh hi Ghosties
>Dat mod chat
Come on beta... INSTALL FASTER
CARRIER HAS ARRIVED
^ this (alliszero
I'm..... I'm....
Hi ghosties
SO MUCH LOVE
,3
<333333
04*waves*
wat u guys doing? :3
/me tells carrier to go away
/me glomps Ghosties
Yay
/me waves back
/)^3^(\
hero.
/me waves to leaving carrier
/me waves
/me waves too so he fits in
x3
No
...Wait
hero.
you guys didn't NEED that carrier, did you?
What are we watching? :P
a chaty
chat
Diftraku: ALL THE VOICES, ESPECIALLY SEXY VOICE
Mod talk on the HUB
woah
/me glomps every mods
Mod, even.
yes, Pinkie should join
xD
lol
lol
xD
mods fighting ftw
lol
LOL
lmao
win
this is so funny
19 mins till download finishes...
Dari <3
Ghosties is boss too.
rofl
aww
Pwn'd
lol
06ohmy~
ghosts cant have sex anyways...
Dari, stop it
I'm loving you
I think that was a burn dude
LOL omg this is makign my day
this is hilarious XD
/me hugs VioletVanilla
ROFL
/me hugs Flaria
Dde you just got burned
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-hater-gonna-hate-but-bronies-never-feel-it.gif
BURN DUDE BURN
07,01omg..
/me hugs both VIOLET AND FLARIA
so.tired
=o
falling.asleep
naaah
/me is hug'd by Flaschen~
u guys keep on doin what your doin xD
I never really left.
Green is not a creative colour...
woo 200!
omg lag.... no more sleep for me
xD
200!
heh
lol
so many alts
so right now thats ghosties and dari
lol
right?
poor seals
depends on the situation
Now it just sounds like hes clopping...
LOL
clopclopclop
this is why i clop
yes
this is why i clop
this is why
this is why
I forgot I left my seals at Ghosties' house!!!
LOL
lol
Oh you
Twilight riding on a shiny Rayquaza
Seapony Lyra is watching you clop clop clop
your arguement is invalid
just you and Dari
y u no talk luna/violet?
clopping>?
/me does not have a mic
yea it was clopping
XD
T.T
0______________0
100% clopping
NOES
>implyyyying
120% clopping
to futashy i bet
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-Qbh4n4KJ-28/ToTW5tHs6tI/AAAAAAAAM9s/rFfKcMn3w_A/s1600/65138+-+crossover+pokemon+rayquaza+shiny+twilight_sparkle+your_argument_is_invalid.jpg
why? because it's EXTREEEEMEE!
@implyyyyyyyingmeter Chat
6 Chat is 5% implyyyyyyying. (146)
Theres to terms related to clopping though
luna is a mute?!
oh hay theres a magnet
words do not express what i felt from that image
lol
LOL
1. the hourse equivilant to fap
never noticed
horse*
Pony*
Daah ree
dari? did i say it right
=p
DAAH REE
LOL
C'MON GHOSTIES
Dari's putting on the ritz!
lol
Dori
2. the sound hooves make on a keyboard
GHOSTIES, just spam Guile's theme
@deadmeter My group of baby seals
6 My group of baby seals is 57% dead. (147)
getcha head in the game ghosties!!!
lol
it is now a pronounciation war
Oh! there is still hope!
this game
Veewave: Oh you
this game of life
@lost The Game
it's the saying Dari right game
I'm going to get my seals.
@lostmeter The Game
6 The Game is 84% lost. (148)
@sadmeter This Chat
6 This Chat is 67% sad. (149)
Gotta getcha getcha getcha head in the game
x3
no
no lag
u not allowed to speak
xD
Yes
Neither are you
lol
Pinkie and the Val
rofl
Pinkie and the Val
yes, Pinkie and the Val
dari, watch yo mouth
one is a genius
the other;s insane
What is this... I don't even
One is a genius, the other not well
DONT FUCKING SWEAR
Least it's not sirSprinkels his mic is whale tastic
^ this
lol
LOL
XD
YOu want to walk to the zoo?
Yeah I was in a over Skypoe RPG with him
Who's stopping you?
mmore people gonna talk? xD
or just you guys?
LOL
Beta! Beeeeta
bayta
/me is making food for mom, she is visiting.
liek the letter
Bayta
Beta with a T#
what does the scouter say
Biita xD
beta!!!
HOW ABOUT VADER
get it right!
about the pronounciation level
ITS OVER 20%!
dident i go over this... get your heads in the game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Beta is 10 mins away from install
yay
Or we could just call it "that shit that doesn't really work"
Southfag Dari ;)
BEETA
lol
inb4 Lagmobile's computer blue screen of deaths
lol violet
For crying out loud, it's the greek alphabet!
Its my PS3 actually...
lol lags screensaver is a bsod
L2Greek :P
tis funny
Betah
ps3 is best console
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beta
BETTY!
dont worry dari, i say it the same way
yes
Dari don't give up your accent D:
Actually i was running a virus scan and i had the bsod as my wallpaper
LOL
lol nice
scared the shit out of me...
inb4 this chat screws up
06Beta of what Lagmobile?
Sleep?
Battlefeild 3
MAD on CN just made a MLP spoof
I have calculus test tomorrow
06HAHAHA
06I ALREADY HAVE IT
Sleep NEVER not with ponys and Coffee to be had!
I'm going to get an automatic fail on it
field*
lol violet
I'm a Beta sleeper
06AND HAVE PLAYED IT FOR THE PAST COUPLE OF HOURS!! <3
GIVE IT TO ME VIOLETVANILLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
than you
VAL IS HERE
Ive got a video game programming tutorial and a java lecture tomorrow
lol
06Such a good game.
ITS VALL
lol
/me brohoofs ValTheJean
lol
Nevermind, my mom is feeling sorry for me, breaking a window with my head and whatnot, and ordered pizza.
/me brohoofs VioletVanilla
u guys make my day
/me hugs ValtheJean
Respect mah authoriteh
Caramac
8 mins till battlefield...
CARAMEL
Howdy Val~
06Lagmobile
GAH!
CARAMAC
06D;
Carmel
2,14 howdy
I NEED TO BE A BETA TESTER!
Nuget
hey ValtheJean
SEAPONY?
Who's that?
SHOO BE DOO
SHOO SHOO BE DOO
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
06I got 4 knife kills
lol
(How does a fire mage sea pony work anyway)
/me sucker punches ValtheJean
rofl
06In a row c;
lmao
ValJeanThe, what does the scouter say about his power level?
Britishness is EPICNESS!
does anyone else hate the term British?
Beta is open to everypon- I mean ya its closed now :P
ghosties is perfect x3
who would love a JD/TURK relationship in MLPFIM
InsertCupcake: Not me.
How's the sniping mechanics in ti VioletVanilla?
2,14 lol, I would answer that flutterz, but I fear for your ears :P
lol
DO IT FILLY
DOO EET
ew it sounds so urgh
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
OMG I JUST REALIZED
TOUCH IT!
if you are born in ENGLAND you are ENGLISH
Touch eeeeeet
HOW AWESOME MAD ON cartoonn etwork
NOT BRITISH
its
but also Britsh
Britain isnt a country
theyre mimicking ALL the internet meme!
DOO EET VALJEANTHE
Is that RobotPinkie there speaking?
What is it over?
"My dad walks up to me and he says, "Why so british, son? Why so british?"
runs like a welshman?
06,15Nope
never call a welshman english
damn....
"You welsh accent"
Irland isn't even Britan!
:3
I just call it the United Kingdoms
northern Ireland
that's going to make my job sooooooooo much harder when I get it then..........
true
>does not give fucks about northern ireland
id rather be called English cos you know
but Ireland isn't
The sound levels with diferent mics are off
I was born in England
also ghosties... it was a song!!!!! i wasent clopping x3
same InsertCupcake
I was born in SOVIET RUSSIA
this is why i clop is a song
yup
LOL
nope.jpg
it's the clopping song
god dammit you guys.... go to ibringdalulz channel
FLARIA IS A SEAPONY!
its funny
xD
KILL IT WITH FIRE!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DIySvVKHG4
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "This is why..." - "Can&#39;t release the other songs by tonight. So have this demo by me and MicTheMicrophone instead :P Parody of &quot;This Is Why I&#39;m Hot&quot; by MIMS Credits to AK71 for..."
No IBringDaLulz made a new song parodying This is why Im hot by Mims
I refuse to acknowledge the existence of seapony
call upon the sea ponies?
lol
Also, it wouldn't work.
LOL
I'd get stronger!
val you so awesome
Silly.
You need some indication when one speaks, or smth
I am dissapoint.....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DIySvVKHG4
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "This is why..." - "Can&#39;t release the other songs by tonight. So have this demo by me and MicTheMicrophone instead :P Parody of &quot;This Is Why I&#39;m Hot&quot; by MIMS Credits to AK71 for..."
/me uses his De-Seapony-izer
wut
toasties :D my nickname IRL
im confuzzled x)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A4eJ3vLXGiw
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "[DEMO/EXAMPLE] This Is Why I Clop" - "A quick and simple example of how you should do your piece for, &quot;This Is Why I Clop&quot;. These lyrics were created by myself and will also be my lyrics for the ..."
GHOSTIESSSSS
DARI SEXY VOICE
CLOP
I AM NOW TALKING ABOUT GHOSTIES
man servants...
SAY FUNNY STUFF DARI
CLOPF-
Nope.
SEaPONIES ARE EVIL!
I said it before the warning
:P
Trident
Pffff
I WILL TAKE YOUR TRIEDENT
CAPS MAKE ME NOTICABLE!!
SHOO BE DOO
SHOO SHOO BE DOO
AND SHOVE IT UP YOUR ASS
Shoo be doo
SHOOOOO BE DOO
=D ill take your trident!!!
SHOO SHOO BE DOOOOOOOOOOO
98 SECONDS TILL BETA!
Dari your mic is much louder than other mics
inb4bsod
LOL
lol
So bad
fail
GTFO xD
lol
such a fail
What?
you sound like Britney Spears
LOL
X3
whoa, that's funney
SING GUILE'S THEME
try canadian!
This guy hes gotta macro so when he jumps of his flight
GUILE'S THEME
Do Canadian now!
USE MORE E~~~~~BONICS!
do canadian!!!
06Ja
canadian!!!!!
xD
06Dari is best Ghosties
+1 Canada
do Russian :D
lol
hell yea!
Australian!
ghosties > dari
=p
Luna>ghosties>dari>Luna
no
06The circle of life
Dari, your not very good at accents are you?
Lolwut
lol
=D
lieception
Dari > all other voices
/me shrugs
THIS IS TRUTH
06DIVIDE BY LUNA
06,15So now presumably you know what I sound like.
lol
YAY DOWNLOAD IS- Installing...
@LIESmeter CosmicDashie
6 CosmicDashie is 50% LIES. (150)
FFFFFFUUUUUUUU
circle of life
noo
RobotPinkie, say something specific
Lolorigin
Halfright
06@darimeter Ghosties
6 Ghosties is 31% dari. (151)
u guys are mad cause i speak the truth!!!!
ghosties > dari is the cruel truth!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh, I mad?!?
Damn HUGE COFFEE IS HUGE!
@AppleJackmeter That background
6 That background is 5% AppleJack. (152)
lies!
wut...
2,14 Prince Dairy
04Yes
I was using science to settle an arguement.
06DUUUUUHHHHHHH RIIII
04That
04Dairy
ghosties voice is just so damn sexy XD
YAY ITS FINISHED
04MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
@awesomemeter Princess Luna
6 Princess Luna is 19% awesome. (154)
lol
lol
Princess Dairy
lol
rofl
FUCK YOU GUYS IM SHOOTING BITCHES
PEACE
/me hugs Lagmobile
....
Bye!
@awesomemeter Princess Celestia
6 Princess Celestia is 73% awesome. (155)
princess dai?
dairy*
Princess Dairy xD
LOL
Luna: i already got him, hes 80% bullshit thus meaning you are at least 1000% awesome
Prince Darling
@princessmeter Dairy
6 Dairy is 37% princess. (156)
/me watching Code Geass. . .
dAri's favourite pony is dApry hooves
talk mods talk! xD muahaha
lol
07,01lol
^
lol
Veewave: YES
I just got back on and for some reason the chat is now below the player
2,14 use ctrl+mouse wheel
My Sweet Prince, can you say my name? :3
Hey, I do what I do.
ghosties therefore is 20% cooler?
I tried that and it didn't work
06Say my name Dari~ :3
Pleaaaaaaaaaase?
/me glomps Dari
07,01he just did
rofl
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Yay~ say my name :D
Say Dumorimasoddaa Dari I dare you ;P
/me faints
I stopped caring how poeple say my name xD
06Wrong~ ;3
:D
/me huggles VioletVanilla
07,01I just say Difty
*people xD
dari... you just left an impression on flaria x3
06Vee-oh-let~
epic fail
x3
Driftaco!
Yay.
yeah right the first time for or less
Drift, Dift, Difraku, Difty, Diffy...
There's tons of them
06TACOWICZ
taco?
I recall someone here had a friend called Mikolajczyk, say that ;D
07,01WAT!
better than Babes in Toyland
LOLO
Wat...
/me is confluttershy
flutterz, thats my friend x3
:D
ive heard a lot about this spiders web
06SCOOT SCOOTALOO~
try saying mikolajczyk
Babes in Toyland was FUCKING BAD
Not Scootaloo!
Who is seeing dead Scootaloos again?
/me hugs ValtheJean
most painful thing I've even seen
say my name, Dari :D
Let's play 'em both at the same time!
babes in toyland was bad
/me hugs ValtheJean
painful
lol
/me hugs val
Who's that with soft voice?
lol
2,14 MOAR HUGS! Yay!
SHOO BE DOO
SHOO SHOO BE DOO
Miko-Lie-Choo-k
06RobotPinkie has smooth voice~
SCOOT ALOO SCOOT SCOOT ALOO?
=p
That's RobotPinkie? Awesome man.
Call upon the seaponies when you're in distress!
06Scooootalooo Scoot scooootalooo~
Shooby dooby S.O.S.!
It's great to get voice to a nic
lol
Seachicken
Scooby doo
Scooscooby doo
'MURRICA
luna is best pony... discuss!!!!
I'm a Mare-Can
xD
I bet my finnish-english accent would burn a hole in your mind
oirish
lol really?
orly?
Dari said my name... <3
but ghosties dident D:
did he say my name?
Screw the Mare-Cans
therefore its not awesome
nope
My spoken english is, good?
{1,0You0,4Tube}: "And Did Those Feet In Ancient Times - Inspirational Hymns" - "&quot;And did those feet in ancient time&quot; is a short poem by William Blake from the preface to his epic Milton: a Poem (1804). Today it is best known as the hymn ..."
so whats the plan for the stream tonight?
Now my dad is on his way to my house and I'll have to pick him up, even though I'm not supposed to drive...
since ghosties > dari.... we need ghosties to say names
wooooo canada ftw
OOOOO CAAAAANADAAAAA
^
LOL
TRolololo
im hiding in your closet
and steal yo wives
omg the resolution is so bad.. i cant tell whats going on...
dont open your closet!1
/me is hiding in Olly's shower
I will hide in my showwer.
everyones names!
xD
http://www.gucomics.com/comics/2011/gu_20110929.jpg
06;D
06Val umad?
rofl
lol
omg he is doin it
ghosties you so awesome
=3
ValJeanThe
Ghosties <3
say it fast
hell yes!
this makes my day
honestly
Yay!
<3
yay
FlUtterz, not FlOOOOOOOOtterz D:
flaria!!! now u can faint =p
If you don't take it too badly, I'd have small improvement suggestion... Try to equalize the microphone volumes.
lololol
You guise xD
LOL ghosties... dont look under your bed =3
xD
wins, wins everywhere
06Ja~
yes
im incredibly happy... mods are listening!
I was going to change my nick to Åååååå just to lultz
jup
yes.
But the server doesn't support it
Yeah, invalid characters.
lol
yes
sure
At the f*king gala
dont be pussys
Style
dari, i have a question. where in england do you live?
Reading
Don't be ponies
oh wait
ghosties, now my fav mod cause of this... now im gonna bug you whene ver you come on =p
@madmeter U
6 U is 19% mad. (160)
Dari, recite your favourite line from the show!
:l
Shush.
Dari I knwo where you live... well town wise...
Stalkers and Zealots everywhere!
=D
G2G for a couple of minutes.
@completemeter Assimilation
YES
6 Assimilation is 79% complete. (161)
ghosties you know you love me
;)
06I got it Val! :DD
nope!
DARI TELL ME YOUR HOUSE ADDRESS AND WHAT YOUR FEARS ARE!!!
2,14 :D
@Successfulmeter Assimilation
6 Assimilation is 80% Successful. (162)
its for a science project
Lawl
ROFL
lol
I eat kittens, what you on boy?
06dari is afraid of Pineapples
NO
I eat Cocaine
PINEAPPLES
by the truckload
@bronymeter This channel
6 This channel is 90% brony. (163)
GTFO
Everyone recite your favourite line from the show? o_o
VioletVanilla: That are under the sea?
/me is made of pineapples
I actually quite like pineapples.
Flaria: SHOO BE DOO
Just they are inferior to watermelons.
dari i will be at your house in a few minutes
pineapples can go buck themselves
so prepare your anus
they're disgusting
/me hugs EspyLacopa
06<3
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea...
...Ghosties?
but its so much work =(
PRIN-CESS DA-IRY
xD
Absorbent and yellow and porous is he!
@boredmeter
6 You are 78% bored. (164)
Suddenly orange
@cigarsmeter Val
xD
6 Val is 42% cigars. (165)
@cocainemeter Charlie Sheen
6 Charlie Sheen is 1% cocaine. (166)
thats me calling daris phone
such lies
i dont knock.. i let myself in ;)
@orangemeter Stream Screen
6 Stream Screen is 27% orange. (167)
wut....
/me pokes LordCelestia
wut
VioletVanilla: Oh you~
wtf
lol
the fug xD
ghosties
da pug
kill it!
@Arnoldmeter
6 You are 66% Arnold. (168)
streamsteal
@pony
12Diftraku is 5A8ce
2/3
@pony Red spy
6 Red spy is 13Diamond 6Ti15a6ra
save us ghosties x3
@pony
12Flutterz is 2Princess L10una
Applejack~
yay~
What the hell is going on now...? O_o
@pony Blu spy
6 Blu spy is 7Scoota6loo
I think Luna stole the stream :D
we no hear anything?
KILL SCOOTALOO!
or somepony
/me does not have a mic XD
Luna :D
luna!!! you took away ghosties D:
VioletVanilla: Awww.
06The same as Luna does
06VAC ;3
Kalisia
Scootaloo is, in fact, a giant chicken. She's related to Boo.
