[23:20:49] <Drake> Canada
[23:20:51] <Drake> lol
anyway
'night
I can't remember what season, it was the episode when 7 of 9 got captured by that pit fighting ring.
Hm...
i'm getting curious. what happens in shed.mov?
Also, can't unhear Find a F:[ing pet in this.
is it a curosity i shoud fight?
ohai Jim
just avoid it, trust me
Good morning guys
You're not allowed to talk about shed.mov
Meanwhile: Was he dressed in an alien suit? i might recall him a bit
depends Phase4
Morning Jim.
Phase4, just say no
Ictiv: no he wasn't.
lali-ho Jim
Phase4: just watch it its not that bad but not that good either not near as funny as apple.mov
06lol
Meanwhile: I think I'll need to watch that again
Big_Jakeintosh: i didnt find apple.mov that funny...
He's not around for long, he knocks 7's block off in her first fight.
0,5Lets not talk about the .movs
Phase4: well its certainly funnier than dress.mov
I hope I'm not the only one who song along there.
Oh wait, I confused it with the episode where Tom and Harry are put in a space jai
jail*
0,5for the sake of the shed one
Hm...
Big_Jakeintosh: havent seen that either
Yeah not that one.
the .MOVs have evolved from newgrounds humor to just downright disturbing
to watch the .mov or not
...I'm not the only one who sung along, right?
that is the question
Kammerjunk: i would have but theres people here
Just do it and move on with your life.
Kammerjunk: I always sing along ;)
Kammerjunk: You honestly need to ask that?
Ictiv: Yes.
Yes, I do.
:|
My cat won't leave me alone!
First world problems.
Let me remind you that you're talking with mr Come With me....
And you'll be...
gn
Phase4: Well, there's a party going on outside my door and downstairs.
In a World of Pure Imagination!
NONONO
In a world of pure inebriation...
Living there,
Take a look...
There's two moose standing in my garden o_O
You'll be free
And you'll see..
If you truly wish to be.
In a world of pure imagination yeah yeha yeha
new pitchman?
Into your imagination
I don't even know the words to that song.
/me shrugpony.
Mays > this guy
This guy is a bad Billy Mays.
Herdmind.
Bah.
Mays sold for $19.95.
this looks like a usefull product.
needs more volume
Flex Seal sounds like an action figure you give little seals.
sure its avaliable for less though
All the kewl kids use flex seal
BILLY MAYS > Everyone
he's a bad vince as well
I'll flex seal your face.
He's a decent salesmen but really? You can't compare with CAPSLOCK MAYS
brb, have to move a thing
Lucid: Except Bud Spencer
Dken2021: And that's saying a lot
Royal canterlot Mays.
Mays is best pony
Fan fav'rite mareathon.
I don't even know who Bud Spencer is
A single tv could broadcast a Billy Mays commercial over much wider area than other commercials
my head is killing me but i must keep watching ponies
Lucid: He's the greatest man alive. He's so great the pentagon built Chuck Norris to try and beat him... he failed at beating Bud
Back :3
BRB gotta move my lappy somewhere less cat-filled
he's also italian
dat thing.
Ohey Phase4 is still here =w=
Isn't Mays dead though?
He's dead Jim
Way to ruin the mood Jim.
Oh and ohai Jim :)
tank sure does a good rollout
hey Starflash
Dat duck.
"This isn't a game, you know!" "Now these games will determine..."
I see what they did there.
Eeeyup
Hehe
Silly Dashie.
That'd be slavery.
QuACK!
Dat tortoise.
Owl used Feather Regrowth!
Nope.avi
Lol butterfly.
Did anyone else's stream just fail?
Not mine.
Nope
inb4 hipnofly
weird
hipnofly
<.>
It happened to me earlier, but I just hit play and it got back to where it was supposed to be
Quack.
did it again
How did it to do that boat?
Dat theme tune.
...magic
Oh, Fluttershy.
Tortoise.
Stalker turtle.
Dun dun duuuun
DUN DUN DUUUUN
Fossils!
Oh yes.
Ride of the Valkyries.
/me waves conductor's stick around.
inb4 specific wording trope
Wagner is so awesome, but still not as awesome as ponies.
/me turns into 80s bully and locks Davie_Jones in his locker.
Dat 4th wall?
What 4th wall.
Quite.
Kammerjunk meant when She whistles with the background music
/me turns into an 80s geek and makes Ictiv's bank account disappear.
metal slug anyone ?
Jim doesn't watch ponies iwth me at home...
They actually reminded me of metroid
Here comes tom!
Misshion, Stawrt!
HI TOm!
Fly up, you featherbrain.
'tis a lie! I watch ponies all the time
Or at least look up.
/me doesn't mind much because his 80s deadbeat parents that gave him deep emotional scars, turning him into a bully put like two dollars on his account.
Foreeveeeeer
/me still gives Davie_Jones an 80s wedgie.
Don't leave me now. Don't say it's the end of the road.
Remember the flowers I sent. I need you, babe.
48 HOURS
/me sets up a water and flower bomb to explode when Ictiv next opens his locker.
You're thinking of flour I think.
Dohohoho
Flower bomb is best bomb.
Giant snake? Tie it up
dat teeth bling
/me has no reason to open locker, but Principal comes along and hears Davie_Jones making noise in his locker and opens door.
This film looks very half-assed.
Don't mess with minime
Why would your car randomly be in a puddle of laval?
did it suddenly turn into high schoo?
so....transformers for kids?
/me has no reason to be blamed for anything has he as a perfect record so the blame goes to Ictiv.
Basically
Damned mods won't let me join the AV club
Personally, I like the movies
Did I see Dan vs FiM there?
I don't know what you mean, StinkomanFan.
I can join the AVclub.
i'm back. well fed, plenty of water, teath brushed. my body is ready!
^
/me was in class, Principal also notes that bomb couldn't have been set up with an open door so Davie_Jones must have been the one who made it.
ninjad your ^ Meanwhile
Tortoise power.
all the cool kids hang out in shop class
dat strength
/me had an alibi set up before hand.
Idk what the AVclub is.
Tenage not so mutant not so ninja tortoise
Meanwhile: It's a room of AV stuff.
And I'm the only one there.
Spike is the new RD!
Cool. What's AV stand for.
its the Tank
Audio Video
/me knows even with his bully mind that there is no alibi for beign in a locker with a bomb that can only be set up inside the locker and blows as soon as door opens
Sounds...uninteresting.
Ictiv: what about teleportation
Brohoof
Have two pets, then.
Wait, does tortoises have hooves?
No.
Or what do you call those?
Phase4: Yeah, becasue every 80s school kids can teleport
Ah man, Beuller wants me to skip with him but I've got a test today :(
Rarity is allergic to dust.
yay?
yay?
yay?
Ha.
yay.
Ictiv: of course they can, havent you ever seen clockstoppers?
Specific wording trope
d'aaaww
I'd love a pet falcon.
!cd
Episode 17 of season 2 "Hearts and Hooves Day" airs in 0 days, 2 hours, 1 minutes, 23 seconds (Feb 11 2012 15:30:00 GMT)
Phase4: Let me quote myself "EVERY 80s..."
falcon is a good sport
Clock Suckers, racing in time to save the day ~
Gesundheit.
Gesundheit.
FALCON HANDSHAWK!
Ictiv: let me quote myself: "herp derp cant brain dont know how to continue this joke"
...Best out of 3?
its 00:30 here, i'malowed to derp
I have to say, RD's reasoning was kind of weak. Just sayin'
How so?
I ever tell you 'bout the time my buddy Keith and I tried to make a chariot of fire?
RD isn't really known for brain power though is she.
Why not?
well how is she gonna take a ground animal to her cloud house?
Burn marks over 95% of his body!
/me pats Phase4 on the shoulder. "Wanna share a glass of Pan Galactic?
Because she's kinda dense.
How so?
Well, how does she know that the birds and bat all saw her get trapped and left her anyway
Maybe she's born with it, maybe it's Maybelline.
Ictiv: um.... no.... i like my brain not wrapped around heavy metals
Rarity is ADORABLE
The fact that there was an avolanche, they were suddenly in the lead, and she wasn't castching up.
now this is...
Oh, and that she was calling after theme.
this is the dress one
whats it called?
She's also kind of a sore loser.
05,15kind of?
05,15KIND OF?
I wanted to sound nice.
Yes, but that doesn't matter in this episode.
suddenly fluttercry
05,15No RD deserves NOTHING!
You can't really decide what part of someone personality applies to what part of their life.
I lost my dental license to that toy
not even hero for a day?
It's not mix and match.
my computer hates me today
Also, who's to say she couldn't have more then one pet?
Dken, +1
Nether can you deside what she does without backign it up.
Pot calling the kettle black much.
She'll be a crazy cat lady!
05,15Are we aruguin in here again?
No.
Maybe
Were we arguing? I'm sorry.
I'm trying to correct Meanwhile and it's not sticking.
is the video lagging for anyone else?
what is this arguing you speak of?
To correct me I'd have to be wrong.
Exactly
It's not laging for me, not much atleast
Thus, you are.
And I'm not.
05,15eh it's fine if you do. just keep it civil and all that
There's a difference between discussing/debating and arguing
0,5Nor raging
0,5This is a nice room
Godd damn I was so high I barely remember what I did yesterdat night
Don't you think that's a problem?
Something about ponies happened
That I know
Hey, look. A mod who actually uses their brain. There was a chatroom I used to be a regular in where as soon as an argument about ANYTHING popped up, the mods would crack down. Even if it was a perfectly civil discussion about food or something
What kind of chatroom does that?
Arguments make mods panic attack.
0,5You can have arguments and stuff, just keep it appropriate
Those kinda mods are afraid of people getting their feelings hurt.
Anypony know what I did last night? Cause it's all a blur for me
Or afraid that it doesn't look like they're doing their job.
http://derpy.me/WcHaI i post this during a rarity ep
You probably watched ponies StinkomanFan, I don't know
Phase4: http://i.imgur.com/UooHK.jpg
That's awesome Phase4
Meanwhile: indeed
You touched people inappropiately, Stinkoman. And took their legs.
Yeah that was totally you StinkomanFan.
/me lairjack face.
My alsmost avourite song
/me liarjack*
almost*
I really like this song
This is the way I look at it. If whoever are debating something and have something to back it up, it's a debate/discussion. When it devolves into "I'm right because you're an idiot" is when it gets to be a problem
and then flash crashed
God, I'm just coughing up phlegm like crazy
I do however advocate the "you're wrong because you're and idiot" one.
its about time flash crashed
an*
been working for about 16 hoursso far
I try to explain to the idiots what's wrong with there arguement
It wouldn't be the weekend without broken flash would it Phase4.
To bad Rainbow doesn't look like a Tank, she could go to a party with her pet as if they dressed together :D
AS I did, STinkoman.
Meanwhile: indeed
Well, I don't like using that argument, but when that's all the discussion is, it needs to stop
Davie_Jones: That just isn't accurate.
faces
all of them confuse
and now they all have cat hair on them
Yes it si
Lett talk about last night until I can remember it ok?
*Let's not
It isn't, your response to my point was "Nether can you deside what she does without backign it up."
You don't remember the epic bar brawl we had?
120%*
AS I was bringing up proof that you were wrong.
Despite the fact that my previous point was the "backup"
i wonder how large the source swf's are
Oh look more arguements
You can't prove me wrong in this instance.
/me hits panic button
Yes I can.
There realistically isn't enough evidence to figure out RD's reasoning.
You can only fill in the blanks.
And that margin of error is too great.
Dr. Drill and Fill is a terrible dentist
rumor spred by dogs
Oh, that's what we were discussing
There is enough.
You can't prove me wrong anymore than you can prove yourself right.
StinkomanFan: Still not as bad a Dentist The Doctor
as The..*
dat base
DJ P0N-3 works on the musci for HUB's comercials
But I'd still be willing to agree with your idea if it made more sense than mine. What was your idea again?
05,15just out of curiosity what's this debate about?
SWEETIE BELLE :o
RD's decision to choose the Tortoise.
the twilight room is split betwene wugglepets hate, wugglepets disinterest and a discusision about transformers
fluttercry: About where debates end and arguments begin
!cd
Episode 17 of season 2 "Hearts and Hooves Day" airs in 0 days, 1 hours, 47 minutes, 3 seconds (Feb 11 2012 15:30:00 GMT)
:3
That Rainbow Dash had a good reason to choose the Tortoise over the others because the ohters left her after the rockfall and didn't bother to turn around.
Debate and argument are both the same thing. Whether or not it is civil is what you're looking out for.
Oh darn, i'd be too busy playing video games
05,15RD and Tank are both Loyal. It fits, and it makes the kids happy.
They were all to focused on winning and getting to be her pet.
05,15The writers said so
Thank you, Fluttercry. *bows*.
05,15that's her reasoning
oh, if the writers said it it must be true
Fluttershy is a choosy jerk
poor fluttershy
Cased close then. It was a nice try, Meanwhile.
05,15No no, what I'm saying is the show has to teach a lesson, if she didn't pick tank, I don't know if anything would have been learned
and now poor rarity
05,15and Davie_Jones don't take it so seriously
Davie_Jones: Don't try and troll me.
Too late.
I'm so happy I learned to play the bass part of this song. Like a boss
05,15and by the writers said so I mean, they picked tank, nothing can be done about it
You have yet to actually make a counterpoint or original argument. Don't think I didn't notice that.
huh. the nvidia sticked just came off my laptop
this plays every time i'm coding
only took it 3 years
I could sit here and assume you're terrified of my ability to spell and my logic but that'd just be arrogant. Realistically you just can't think of anything.
I'm going to get a reward for myself for being so right.
Hilarious.
Play me at chess some time.
She's talking about us!
Alright, who here is a physicist?
It'd be more interesting.
What does chess have to do with anything?
Nothing, but I like chess.
And?
05,15Chess is the ultimate test of mental agility
No it isn't.
Chess is boring
Thankyou fluttercry.
am i allowed to cry during ponies?
its a very complex game
Checkers is for REAL MEN
JUMP THAT KING
tic-tac-toe
fluttercry: read a Raymond Smullyan puzzle book some time :)
you sank my rook
Chess requires lots of practice and the ability to think on multiple things at one time. I don't have that ability
Anyone Knows "What's the Title of this Book?" or "The Lady or the Tiger?"
I haven't even seen a chess board in over a year.
or maybe even "The Chess mystries of Sherlock Holmes/The Arabian Knights"?
I have a chessboard made of marble, it's gorgeous.
And?
and nothing, it seemed relevant to the conversation.
dat eye
It isn't really.
twitch
I have a crystal chessboard. At least I did, I haven't seen it in years
Kinda just bragging
The conversation is now about chess, explain how it isn't relevant.
I cried for a week at how terrible it was
I occationly use the chess board at the library
lolwut StinkomanFan
chess you say? I suck at that game
Meanwhile: It's rather about logic no? Or did that branch die off?
Ictiv: it died.
dj-pon3 spam
No one reads Raymond SMullyan I guess
Meanwhile i have one made of stone, it's mayans vs Conquistadors
lol, the spam is still going
/me rubs forehead.
I spent the whole week thinking I was ging to get a video game system
and then the day comes and BOOM Chess set
The world would be a lot better if people read Raymon Smullyan
The conversation was about how chess was a good test of mental agility. I was freely admitting that I haven't played it in over a year and that it really is more of mental multitasking to think about the many moves of the pieces that yours and your opponinate can take at the same time.
nah
You needlessly brought up your marble chess board.
That's more like a piece of the conversation as a whole
and aj didnt lear anything
05,15My god is this grade school?
hgerp drep ima ture
^
Depends, can I got nappy?
tired'
No this is the world.
05,15Davie_Jones you need a nap
yay! *snuggles with his blankie*
Time to get breakfast
i'ma close my eyes for a bit, ding me if stuff happens
Sold the set to my dad for 8 dollars
Hello everyone! What have i missed?
I'll be back maybe around 9:30ish at latest
Hi Gumri
Gumri: nothing important.
jsut a few episodes Gumri
*naps as well*
Phase4: Define stuff
hi Gumri
I told a story of how I hate chess and nopony listend
Ictiv: not this. turns out closing my eyes doesnt help anyway
that's about it
ohai Gumri
StinkomanFan: Sorry, tell it again.
I was playing chess the other day :P
Phase4: Soreness? Try washing with a bit of cold water
No, go back and read it again :|
Soreness/Dryness, either one*
Ictiv: no, tiredness. unless thats what you meen
ots 00:52 here
You cried because you got a glass chess set.
I can read that you sold it for $8 but that it is.
That's...you know I can see why people ignored it.
+ 19.90 shipping
seems legit
I thought it was a Video game console!
StinkomanFan: It was a d'awww story
And I was 8
I can see how that'd be disappointing for someone who doesn't like chess.
*11
Leave Rarity alone :o
Meanwhile so you liek chess?
are we going to stay on veemi for the new episode or switch to livestream?
Jim never leaves Rarity alone at home...
I do like chess Starflash.
dramatic rarity is best pony
cool :3
10,02i liek poniez :3
SB o. Rly?
ohai SB
you don't say?
10,02Ohai :3
Oh btw...
madness SB
ohai
SuperBrony64 lieks poniez.
Damn it shockwwave crashed on me :(
ohai sb
SB64 the attention hog
SuperBrony64: http://i.imgur.com/UooHK.jpg
Nah, jk I like you
O U
SuperBrony64: is there going to be a stream switch?
/me coughs
10,02lulz Meanwhile :P
SB Y U NO O U
Spock is a silly dragon
10,02There will be an embed switch to LiveStream right before the new episode.
dat spoke
You just like to show that off Meanwhile
Just as long as you keep it away from mips.
^
SuperBrony64 oh i can see the panic right now
thx, was just curious sb
StinkomanFan: It seemed appropriate.
I heard you like ponies, so I put a pony inside your pony: http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-yo-pony-i-herd-you-like-ponies-bro1.jpg
Go post it to Ponibooru
K.
My cutiemark would be a pony :P
Who is Davie_Jones? or is he new?
Yes
new person?
That calls for a party!
Eeyup, don't mention Lyra and Bon-bon near him though
owhkay.
Davie Jones is my ponysona who went outside of equestria to see how the other people of the world lived their lives without magic.
i;ma check when daylight savings ends, cant wait until i only have to stay up til one
He's got a thing against things that aren't in the BIBLE
ends april first
Why not, Stinkoman? They are just friends. One plays the harp and the other likes flowers.. I think.
I've got a thing against things that are in the bible.
Not really, STinkoman, or I wouldn't be here.
candy not flowers
I like this episode
Damnit! it will be daylight savings whenever episodes air for me :'(
Oi StinkomanFan. It's on ponibooru.
Yay~
"and i learned this" *stream lags*
Roboshi will like it
don't worry it goes over to BST soon
Roboshi likes everything.
anyway...... nice to meet you Gumri
Roboshi's a silly pony
nice to meet you also Davie_Jones
rarity needs to improve her production methods
nice to meet you as well Davie_Jones
Hire some mexicans.
Wetback ponies?
i don't need work but thank you
oh, ep 26
oh look, chronological order?
I say ponies evolved from humans
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: would you really not work for Rarity given the chance?
oh lookie gala
Dken2021: nope, lesson zero aired earlier
eh
depends wich rarity, canon or .mov ?
/me shrugpony
Lesson zero AKA most played episode on BronyStat
It's a top ten list
Let's say canon since we aren't allowed to talk about .mov
soooo... Horses do exist with ponies?
then yes
Eeyup
Dat sarcastic swoon.
Well donkies exist apparently
and mules
Dat animation error
minor spam: cyclops
Cyclops pony.
He's obviously a pirate pony
Or alternitively ponies Devolved into humans
yup, getting that spam in the rarity room
ohai Jim
That pony is one eyed willy from the Goonies.
hi Gumri
so... journey 2.... was there a journey 1?
i really want to crry right now
Don't want to know.
DON'T STOP
BELEIVING
What's the matter [SWAG]DisplasedAcorn ?
They really are aren't they Gumri.
StinkomanFan: hold on to that feeling!
/me hugs #bronystateregulars because mane6 rooms are too big to hug
05,15Gumri be happy you only deal with them once a week
flash keeps crashing
/me hugs Starflash.
IKR
if you think this is bad, this is just the hub channel, there are other worse commercials
My flash crashed a couple of times
and then Chrome derps out
especially the local ads
i hate australian ads. and their better than us ads
Chrome does that to me
Isn't the action command /me?
Oh BBC you and having no adverts I wub you <3
yes
English ads only show up once during a half hour show.
Gumri: cept for that tv tax
Yeah but we get a ton of tax. TV tax is nothign
Dat nude joke.
05,15how long are english commercial breaks?
5 minutes?
ish
same length really
British.
Busy but fun
English English i think she means :P
08,01ponyponypony
05,155 minutes...and only one in a 30 minute program....FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUU
no idea
Ponyponypony
U mad fluttercry?
05,15both mad and jelly
08,01\o/
!cd
Episode 17 of season 2 "Hearts and Hooves Day" airs in 0 days, 1 hours, 23 minutes, 44 seconds (Feb 11 2012 15:30:00 GMT)
/me hugs fluttercry.
"Back in homeland we don't have cable tv, when we say we have cable it means we had wire going through our living room."-Yankov Smirnoff
No, the US gets A LOT of things we don't
caramel, y u have manly voice ?
GO
inb4 gala spam
05,15goddammit Gumri I'm a guy! WHy is this so hard!
/me likes this song
there it is
oh sorry
/me goes into cave
lol, a little magneto spam too
Because you named youself after a female?
^
and yet another crash
At the gala!
what's with magneto and gala?
Dken2021: a different stream
05,15So did Lord Celesita!
at the gala at the gala
At the gala, with Magneto, is where I'm going to be~
magneto kept popping up in an ad
And I mistook him for a woman to
Lol.
why does this shit only happen on saturdays?
the guy who was singing along improved and included magneto in the lryics
I can almost sing this word for word
Needs more Nigel Thornburry
At the gala!
smashing
I wub poez <3
BLARGARGARGARGAGR
Never watched the Thornberry's.
I liek poniez more than SuperBrony64
mhmm
i sing this at work all the time
And Celestia jumps like that because...?
Because she can
Advertise her toy.
because why not ?
I'm a princess, are you a princess toooo?
I'm listening to the Reading Rainbow theme and the second to top comment is about RD
because she is the motha f---kin princess
"I work in botswana saving lives. Do you!?"
I don't even know where botswana is.
"It's the same doll with new stupid hats!"
I can't seem to get the stream to work
"...RARITY'S GOT A NEW HAT"
simpsons ?
/me bronies swarm stand
is it a giant hat?
when it does its very jittery
inb4tf2jokes
This is all about my giant hats
Snow White looks kinda like Daniel Radcliffe.
And yes, Simpsons
10,02:O
Bitches don't know about my floam.
Oh my god I seriously cant get over these adverts :D
i'ma tired and a little bored so i googled this http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/magneto.html
I remember floam
thought nobody likes these things
0,5Phase4, no outside links
"Applejack has equipped Texas Slim's Dome Shine"
oh... forgot about that
Magneto is best pony.
...but it's EqD
little tired
irrelevant, no outside links during stream.
superbrony?
whats a non outside link?
Do you remember the fanfic 'a'
Gumri: such an epic
A non outside link would be a link to a bronystate page.
I loved it
Technically.
It was just a Gdoc saying 'a' Well silly
But why you'd do that when everyone probably has the page open anyway...
"I laughed, I cried, It moved me Bob."
Ah yes, Prince Doucheblood.
^
Rarity is well funny there
Prince Blueblood's first name is Vladimire according to some comics
Fluttershy! <3
Vladimir?
luna?
nopony?
or in that comic terms, it's that one pony in disquise as blueblood tring to steal a book
soarin x pie is best ship
Otp right there.
yup
0,14have you tried refreshing?
Oh god I have seen too much r34
Blueblood drinks the blood of his enemies
o_O
Haven't we all, whether we wanted to or not?
Hence his name
multiple times
wow. i realy have read to much fanfiction. has anyone else read the groundhog day/prince blueblood one?
Eeyup
0,14one sec
dat squeak
Dem pretty party ponies.
need food, ill be back
He ends up sleeping with Rarity at one point
these ponies have very lame parties
oh shit what?
lol, twi room is octavia spam
Octavia is best musician.
thanks
^^
"Is your mother at home?"
/me timeskip
Vinyl is best musician *trollface*
"Is your sister at home?"
shirt collor and buttons but no shirt
Classics > wubstep.
Vinyl Octavia duel, Go!
someone needs to make that
Fluttershy is best pony of all
Brainiac did it already
Octavia won
Two things, does the Wonderbolt with the blue and white mane have a name yet? Also, Spitfire has an amazing voice. Just sayin'
Dken2021: theres more than one fanfic, more than one bit of music too
was leaning more on the music
I just realised that quite a few ponies don't have names
DJ P0N-3 and DJ Shadow go into a musical duel, would the world survive the epic?
Dj who?
that's why we as fans give the honor of naming every. single. one of them
cant link in here, Dken2021: you want a link to one of the octavia vinyl bits of music i like?
...DJ Q-Bert?
you could PM me the link
i'l pm you it
Who?
Daft Punk?
Greetings everyone!
Who?
Hey Everlasting_Joy.
Hello Everlasting_Joy
Hello Everlasting_Joy
DAMNIT OWLUICIOUS
ohai Everlasting_Joy
lolwt
hi Everlasting_Joy
hello Everlasting_Joy
Hi person
flinstones?
Wat
/me hugs everyone.
Oh god adverts
I don't trust the Flintstone after I saw their cigarette advert.
Ever have Fruity Pebbles? Good shit
cigarette advert!? What?!
10,02What's the issue you are having exactly?
I am the Snorlax. I speak for the zees
i have returned with noms
fruity pebbles: better than capt'n crunch
Back in the 50's
Youtube it Gumri.
fruity pebbles are good
I am!
They advertised a Ciggarette line
your face!
the stream keeps freezing and running behind, then it jumps to try and keep up
Winston ciggarettes.
/me is busy shaking his 3DS to get play coins cause he is to lazy to actually walk to get them
05,15StinkomanFan Winston tastes good like a ciggarette should
back when nobody knew what ciggerates could do
10,02Interesting, have you tried closing other windows and applications to see if it's just your computer causing the lag?
They kill ya slowly.
Like watching the Twilight movies.
there aren't any other windows open
^
10,02If that doesn't help, you can always check to make sure nothing else is using up your internet as internet speed can cause lag.
How about Octavia and Beet-hoof-en have a musical collab
to be fair, the first one was tolerable, never seen the other movies
I tried smoking cigarettes once made me sick puked my guts out never touching em again
awesome, multigigabit wireless is in development
Be more bold, kidnap your target friends.
10,02You can also try using a different browser to see if that helps. Also, you can try clearing your cache.
Well that was wierd to watch 0_-
thanks Phase4 for the link, actually a good song
Dken2021: np
RD's hair looks silly in her gala stuff
Why don't you walk AROUND it you douchebag!
couldnt they just go around
Blueblood's a troll
They would have gone off the carpet
duh
Brainfart, there wasn't a carpet anyway
Animation error
that bunny just whinny'd
lol
Oh pinkie pie... You idiot. :D
Fluttershy is best crazy.
and thus alex s made a song
and it was glorious
It certainly was
I always think of that song when that line comes
Who?
OK you guys win
I'm here
Ohai emangamer
Sounds like we lost.
Sup.
Woodentoaster made a good pinkie also.
heyho emangamer
ohai emangamer
herror emangamer
oh hai~ emangamer
I like to think that the Equestrian Royal family have an access to there own personal harem
*twitch*
Dr. Shy
sudden dj
bleh...
where did that player come from?
lyra?
sleeping on a couch isn't the most comfortable thing ever
It isn't? lies.
Try a bathtub.
Have you people voted Equestria daily as the best fansite?
shorty awards ?
yes
yep
is this #2 right?
Think so.
Blueblood's trolling scheme would have gone FLAWLESSLY if it wasn't for AJ's cake
i thought it was 3
silly twi
I can't remember.
RAH MIT TAR!
query me a link, and I'll vote
Best line of the season right there.
You vote on the twitterz
and then an sparta remix was made
or whatever that shout was...
Ohey, it was Roboshi in that crowd
a*
lol
!cd
Episode 17 of season 2 "Hearts and Hooves Day" airs in 0 days, 1 hours, 1 minutes, 36 seconds (Feb 11 2012 15:30:00 GMT)
1 hour.
Another Donught!
watch out, we have a badas
Another doughnut!
With sprinkles.
doughnut;
Donut, doughnut. doogong.
Pick one.
ohh noo laggg
"I swear to drunk, I'm not God"
"You guys crack me up, I'll make sure you're deaths are painless"
Well excuuuuse me princess
The Grand Gralloping Grala is Gralways Grawful.
your*
doughnut because 'dough' + 'nut'
which is where the word camr form
came'
Spike is always right but nopony listens. http://i.imgur.com/UooHK.jpg
StinkomanFan: only shizuka can play the drunk
Titledrop trope
I am your Pokegod now. Bring me your Red Versions.
GOD DAMN IT! I am getting too damn excited for this meetup in 2 months. ARRGGHH
/me tears hair out
ugh THIS EPISODE....REALLY?
It must suck to feel hungover.
oh rarity and her hats
I like this epidoe
This episode is brilliant emangamer!
I like ALL the episodes
Yay! Good episode.
This is one of my faves!
now.... this is 'green is not your colour' right?
it's not bad, but it's not the second best ever
/me think Spike think
Phase4: yea
/me is trying to remember the names
This episode is kinda eh.
squee
^
*squee.
yeah, I was expecting to sleep a lot longer. Stupid internal brony clock
It isn't bad but it isn't rave.
"It's a pornography store. I was buying pornography."
I wonder how many kids voted on this.
why did I assign squee to ping?
Gumri: probably like, 31.
I would have slept longer if I werent sleeping on a couch
StinkomanFan: whats that from?
GENTLY PLEASE
StinkomanFan o.k. how many drinks and how are your cars?
Simpsons
INB4 I GO
You go.
inb4 the thing at the place WAY b4
simpsons?
Can ponies get pimples?
I suppose.
Heh, I guess
But you wouldn't see it under the fur.
Squeaky voiced pony did
Yeah, I've seen goats get them.
i remember family guy. dont trust my brain in this state though
i don't see why not
if they can have magic with technology, sure they could sneak in ponies with faciel probelms
lol i'm sure they can
wait… why was Big Mac recolored in the opening?
Horse pimples. Sounds like something between eye of newt and tongue of dog in a witches brew ingredient list.
Show ALL the adverts!
it was the simpsons. nvm then
Because Caramel wasn't getting his sex change operation until after they filmed that intro
I'm SO tired.... :(
It does sound like a whitch thing acually :D
emangamer: know the feel bro /)
Which witch is the witchiest witch.
emangamer: Y U So Tired?
Also, it's that perv bear that sniffs your pants.
I was up until 1 oclock last night
up all night in anticipation of ponies
Phase4: ORLLY? you stayed up till 2 in the morning and then was forced to sleep on a couch and the only reason yoyu are awake right now is becase this coush isn't the most confortable?
01:34 here right now, was up til 2 trying to adjust last night. didnt work
It's Saturday… that means a synopsis for the newest episode should be out.
I was up until 6AM because http://i.imgur.com/afxiG.png
emangamer: 'forced'?
Tovler it is.
Tovler|Hungover: spoiler alert
They didn't even hire Shia Lebuouf for the sequel!
Went to sleep at 3 am. Woke up at 9:00. Not tired at all.
Tovler|Hungover: it's out
I got 5 hours of sleep. I feel fine.
Meanwhile: I know that feel bro
willywonka has such a silly accent
I went to bed at 4:40 am, and it's 3:30 pm here now
It's also a great way to spend a morning.
chat derped *refreshes*
Phase4: yea, I'm staying with my neighbors for 3 days.
Attitude and pizzaz.
DAWN OF THE FIRST DAY
72 HOURS REMAIN
wheeeeeeee
I like that headdress.
StinkomanFan, so what will happen when the time is up?
wheres Fleur Nyria and LadyCanary? (remembering nicks for some reason)
fail whale is hitting hard today
uhm, the stream switched tp livestream, so now I see the auto-stream of cod o_O
Luna destroys us with the Moon :)
i'm surprised that party of one and sonic rainboom weren't 1 and 2
Phase4: Fleur is now Rain, Nyria isn't here and neither is LadyCanary.
has party of one played yet?
Actually Rain isn't here either
not in this room
Where are they? How should I know.
here though
FOREVER
forevur
How do I return to the stream that has ponies? :O
:O
Gumri I'm not surprised. I expect "Lesson Zero" or "Luna Eclipsed" to be 1.
┻━┻ ︵ヽ(`Д´)ﾉ︵ ┻━┻
Jim SuperBrony64 said he was gonna switch but didn't think he do it now
damn… EQD was busy while I was asleep.
Ohai WRITEity
WRITEity: dem tables be flipped
Jim try refreshing.
inb4 da magiks!
OH CRAP, I MISSED SPIKES SECRET
Luna Eclipsed was terrible in comparison with the others! It was sooooo forced!
10,02We will, but we'll let you know when to refresh.
/me flips chat
Gumri: I disagree
Hey Rawr
Nope, didn't work
meh.
Everypony wubs a woona
anyone mind linking the current stream to me? stuck on livestream atm
Gumri: if you ask me the newest episode was mor forced, because we have had enough episodes of RD being prideful and it was rather unorigional
I've got the same problem as you Dken2021
Too much sparkle.
/me hugs SuperBrony64 "Can I sleep on your flank?"
StinkomanFan: If you don't tell anyone... it's... *gets shot with a tranqualizer dart in the neck by jungle Pinkie
10,02O___o
huh, the Synopsis for episode 20 looks kinda freaky.
emangamer: agreed
dat spam in the twi channel
:o
SuperBrony64: is that a yes? I'm rather tired
was actualy quite small
Looks epic amirite WRITEity?
Twi channel is best spammers
lolwut emangamer
What is ep20 about?
The new episode will be on Livestream though?
10,02Sure why not, I'm tired as well -__-
Gumri: no spoilers
Again, my Theory is that Spike is actually dreaming the whole thing as he lay dying
1.2k in the chat already
Meanwhile: inb4 She futzes up the timeline be freezing herself with the Orb of Tornami
Twilight gets a message from herself. From the FUTURE. OOOooooOOOooo
/me curls up on SuperBrony64's flank and falls alseep... "so comphy"
/me waves his hooves in a spooky manner.
dat xiolin showdown
emangamer I'm so looking forward to it.
MEANWHILE NO
emangamer: I need to make a mental image. RD Sups, R63 pega Sups, R63 White Unicorn Sups or regular sups?
StinkomanFan: that's a blurb. Spoiler absent.
A synopsis is a spoiler now? uuugh
#join Twilight_Sparkle
bah
Everlasting_Joy and Ictiv I have no idea what either of you are talking about
Tovler|Hungover: haha
It counts as a spoiler Meanwhile!
you type /join Twilight_Sparkle
It does not.
I checked.
emangamer: Who's flank fd you want to sleep on
i love my reload button
that's waht I meant
embed's switched
which SuperBrony64
reload button FTW
Gumri: I consider it... you can do it while I'm away but please dont do it while I'm here
emangamer It's morning and I'm not in my mind. I appologize.
Ictiv: fd?
lol ok
must remember to bug dari some more about adding it to the page
Ictiv: and fd is?
So is Livestream supposed to be showing low res spinning numpties?
┻━┻ ︵ヽ(`Д´)ﾉ︵ ┻━┻
Meanwhile: yes
its fixed now
the only pony who's flank I want to sleep on is SuperBrony64 because it is most perfect
And then wuggles.
Bring back the numpties -.-
10,02Meanwhile: No spoilers, this is your one and only warning on that.
SuperBrony64: you told me that wasn't a spoiler!
yes SIR
/me salutes
i dont see no spoiler
sorry, accidentally hit reload chat
not up for me. :|
Why so off-air?
oh, he posted blurb
I was drunk when i watched the leaked episode so I barely remember abything anyway
10,02As long as it was a link though to it with ample warning of the synopsis.
Kammerjunk: reload the stream
Did. I'll try a hard refresh.
SuperBrony64: no outside links.
WOW! i just looked at ep20 Sounds EPIC AS FUCK!
/me shrugpony.
yea, dont just straight up post the synopsis.
JSYK, I have my macros at the ready the SECOND the scenes they entail become non-spoilers
emangamer: I know... I'm saying there is 4 SuperBrony64-s out there I could include in my mental image, human Sups, r63 Wrek made pega sups, r63 White unicorn sups that you made or Rainbow Dash icon sups
Morning guys
10,02Indeed, you'd need to wait then until outside of streams to post it.
Morning Dermathil.
Gumri: 'its about time' right?
hey hey hey Dermathil
Wrek draws sexy pones
ohai Dermathil
o good, it's back
Main chat closed?
ugggggh
Hi~ Dermathil
yup
Ictiv: white unicorn that I MADE??? da fuq?
ha i see what you did there Phase4
Gumri: no, thats the name. unless thats what you ment
Oh that is the ep name... yes
lol
SuperBrony64: you...freaking.........fudgesicles. Noted for future referance but be clearer next time.
Rarity is the night
Gumri: allso, IKR
so... no stream?
one of them was tagged SB
it says off air
It isn't.
^
Gumri: no matter how that goes its going to be a good episode
Ictiv: I still dont know what your talking about....link it I guess
Try refreshing
no it isoff air
refresh dermathil
It isn't.
It is going to be an epic episode
Stinko, it was offline when I first got on.
I'm, you know, watching it.
imma refresh again
theres an audio sync problem acording to twi cahnnel
its small
Fluttershy, why must you be so darn cute?
seems to have synced itself
I wouldn't know, I've got it muted and have DJ Hero playing in back
Ok it is up now!
Dem fashion ponies.
dat emo shy
HUMANHUMANHUMANHUMANHUMANHUMANHUMANHUMANAFTERALL
Wha
inb4 bye StinkomanFan
Huh?
lol growling dog sounds
lol
Dat advertisement
Fluttershy <3
/me hugs Meanwhile
/me hugs SuperBrony64.
i require food and water. brb
Frank West as a pony
Do it internet
Meanwhile: OWW...you're crushing me...
/me coughs up a lung. It's a good thing he isn't in a movie.
he covered war, y'know?
(yelling to the poparazzi) Back off you vultures!
The thing at the place is the best thing
Gumri: at the best place?
indeed
yep
That extra voice.
That was Tara.
I can never look at the name Frank West without giggling since my friend pointed out what the name is if you remove the r and swap the first letters of each word around.
bon bon sounds really weird
Berry Puch quit drinking 7 times this week
Berry Punch picked the wrong week to quit drinking.
bon bon is a voice actor who is always practiceing
Meanwhile Hahahaha. . . now I'm laughing at Frank's name too!
StinkomanFan: why is it so hard to stop drinking juice?
wow, muted main channel o_o
Gumri: thats my headcanon as well
Starflash: grant 4 of those times, the only reason she stopped at all was because she passed out.
You try some!
Prune hoof scares me
or SB
0,5What?
emangamer: I can probably guess why :p
U JELLY Rarity?
that was quick
LC: he was commenting on the M+ on bronystate
emangamer: found it!*
Oh hey, I found Waldo.
lol Kammerjunk
In Soviet Russia...
a meme
d'awww
Waldo loses you
Calm down Fluttershy!
Ictiv: WOOOOOW....that's awkward
05,15well...there goes my speaker
Stick a cupcake in my AH
In Soviet Russia, you drive your car, fill it with gas and park it.
ohnoes
What's an AH.
In England it is where's Wally :P
emangamer: Oh, uh... um... Sorry? :(
Ictiv: that isn't SB, its actually SB
If he's called Wally, then what's Odlaw's name in Europe?
Waldo! Did you see him? I've been hunting that SOB for years
Sarah Bellsworth?
GLORIOUS PINKIE PIE IS GLORIOUS
DOCTOR SEUSS
StinkomanFan: Yeah, but it was a she.
is best doctor
the lorax havent seen that in a while
Afternoon, all!
I think waldo's out with carmen sandiego
Never heard of the Lorax.
Afternoon LordDerpington
Wanda :|
everypony needs a thneed
Where iiiiiis Carmen sandiego?
emangamer: Who is SB then? (If you don't mind me asking)
Where in the world is*
Ictiv: that SB is actually my really good friend................
ah okay
and i'm back
Magical beads
poni
/me is kinda sad now
another new ad
thought it would be like someone I should know
Well, watch the original Special or read The Lorax before you watch the travesty of a movie.
/me pats hugs emangamer "There there"
emangamer: Would a hug be okay?
Double the fun!
Having good friends makes you sad emangamer?
So who's going to be the first to make ponies out of that stuff?
'floam' reminds me of the first mlp movie
WillyWonka talks so silly
0,5So guys
It reminds me of the Power Ranger Movie
So LC.
0,5Enjoying the day so far?
yes lc?
JOHNNY DEPP
Meanwhile: well...never mind. it's a long story
Yes.
yup
LordCelestia: Quite.
Eeyup
Yeah, give me the Gene Wilder version.
/me hugs Ictiv
a little
awww yeaaa
loving today
Doing fine, LordCelestia
0,5Our new chat system seems to be working well
HECK YEAH
LC, I missed breakfast
LC nope....not even slightly
emangamer: totally. Feel better soon.
LC, not as much as usual.
could you drop us some bacon?
07,01new chat system?
0,5What makes you say that Derm?
/me hugs emangamer back.
I can't have fun without the main chat
0,5Oh
the new chat system is stupid and redundent
0,5my bad
yup, there totally is less spam than the main room, perfect
0,5Room system
07,01just some small changes :)
Still a new system
/me hugs Luna "Where did you come from?"
It's only for a week
10,02If you aren't seeing a stream, please refresh/clear you cache of your browser. You should be seeing a Livestream embed.
it's pretty simple to fix this Twilight. Simply suggest that Rarity and FLuttershy talk out their issues.
/me 07,01is always here
emangamer: she lurks EVERYWHERE
05,15I know right #bronystate is so well behaved
dat laugh track
I only use this room during manestreams anyway so I'm not really noticing much difference.
the 6 rooms are just full of strangers.
fluttercry: I wonder why? XD
Meanwhile: IKR?
FINALLY someone made a message to say that if you don't see stream you need to refresh.
I miss Veerez
^
/me 07,01hugs Dermathil
I like watching Twilight clop.
i dunno about that i saw someone running nakid in main chat
/me hugs Luna back.
StinkomanFan: he's been taken offline, guy who made him got sick of maintaining python
0,5Dermathil
What?
Ohai Dermathil
0,5A lot of the rooms have been saying to refresh
This room needs to be used more often :p
0,5Quite repeatedly
As in claping Meanwhile. DIRTY BOY!
LC, I was in pinkie pie and was never told to refresh until I asked a mod
XD
good music in this series
I tried to tell him that be he wouldn't listen :|
I never refreshed period
0,5Well then, I dont know who is in Pinkie Pie
I'm in Pinkie Pie LC
Who isn't in Pinkie Pie...
Everlasting_Joy: Ofc
0,5But its basic knowledge. Stream stops working = Refresh until it works again
Pinkie Pie is in all of us
Bark bark bark.
dat chat derp
as opposed to screaming LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAG
07,01true LC
LC you'd be refreshing a lot when nopony is streaming
lol
and lyra again
07,01hey we always have somepony streaming *coughs*
poor 'shy
I say I say bravo, son.
Luna the auto streamer?
alright, what were the last two ep that played?
Dem sheeple.
sheep play follow the leader
LC, when it forces the chat to ALSO refresh then it isn't worth it until explicit orders.
I <3 my reload stream button cant remember where i got it
and twi's like 'lolwut'
Dermathil: use the IRC popout.
alright im going to check out Dash channel. Wish me luck XD
0,5^
Then the world exploded
0,5IRC popout or an actual IRC client
Big_Jakeintosh: greasmonkey script
Sheeple remind me of that terrible car commercial
I need to work out how to use mirc
I'm so tired of being sick...
which ep played before this one?
Brb.
Big_Jakeintosh: best bit of code i ever wrote
0____________o
Meanwhile, LC, takes too long. I'm well known for being lazy.
Holy fu-
The grand gala was before, FlutterMoist
Dermathil: well then that's your problem.
Phase4: yeah that sounds right good sir ;)
So much raging all caps
I ONLY open the popout when I go fullscreen
Gumri:Twice!
thank you Jim
Wha?
f gimme a moment
I can't keep up with the dash channel going to fast
"After all this time?" "Always"
but my WPM is attrocious
this is the only channel i can ever keep up with on saturdays
^
same here
Eeyup.
indeed
Eeyup.
Ugh the stream!
Who knew
Fission mailed.
During movie night i like to be in the twilight room but now it is closed at that time :'(
lol
Meanwhile: :D
Anyone else having this problem?
...
Oh spike you fool
What problem?
http://a3.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/429622_10150541235906587_550326586_9441638_940441027_n.jpg
It's buffering like mad
fuckin a
Dat fail link
Randomnerd: refresh
Running fine for me, Randomnerd
WRITEity: Epic Pic
NUMBA ONE
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO1
alright everypony ready for #1?
Oh yes, called it. Luna Eclipsed.
lol, this episode again
only 9 favorites?
Iiiiit's Luna Eclipsed. Didn't see that coming.
Ack
We saw it yesterday!!!!
And Twi channel is moving REALLY fast
and it ends with luna eclipe? sure, why not?
05,15....no winter wrap up?
How did this ssilly episode get it!
both BMN eps aired in the marathon
so both episodes we saw during the bmn are in this list
05,15Really?
so id the Dash channel
I approve of this episode.
Errypony wubs woona
I expected lesson zero thats is my personal fave
fluttercry: no winter wrap up :'(
fluttercry: was there party of one?
Disappoint amirite fluttercry.
People love Luna
This episode might even be my favourite.
I love luna
ugh
There was emansickness
05,15I am VERY disappoint
I think their doing it by vote?
I as well
I expected Sonic Rainboom or Winter Wrap Up
Luna is best pony, apparently
05,15and emansickness there was
Granny sounds like my granny.
I voted for Winter Wrap up fluttercry
I am very disappont also
Yeah, Party of One was back at no. 5 or so.
Hub! Why u no like us?
Grannies all sound the same to me.
FUN FACT: amniomorphic spell actually means something, but it's a rather long explaniation
WWU was also before Green Isnt your color
My Granny's dead :c
http://bit.ly/yKJoK6
This is probably my 32nd favorite episode.
Was there a sonic rainboom?
What sorta accent does that little colt have?
hmm...thats rather weird
No Sonic Rainboom.
yorkshire?
idk
sonic rainboom isn't even that good
that was a FUN FACT <3
Ha! I called it!
Green Isn't Your Color was one of the top favorite episodes?
Amniomorphic basically means creating ceramics. Which makes Starswirl a hairy potter
^
Just sayin'
Lucid: no it doesnt
power up the frenz train!
I'll simply note that my Chat has remained active and still scrolling for... about 15 hours now, for a new record
Lucid: not even close
That's what I read
I thought it involved the forming of the fetus
http://bit.ly/z98MyZ
/me beats Lucid with a book of bad puns
Lucid: someone was trolling you
freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeenz
; d
france!
france --d'oh
2k viewers
It's possible, actually it's probable
30 min til episode
traaaaaaaaaaance
huzzah!
At least it is no shortcake today
^
^
Gumri: inb4 instead of today's ep, we get Shortcake
I love how we get 2k viewers despite no new episode
lol
oh god please no
Those kids are more well off then 99% of the world
Lucid: amnio actually is a base that comes from another word having to do with embrios
/me actually watches Strawberry Shortcake on the Hubworld website
lol
i'm a little confused when does the new episode start?
soon
Another half hour, Rainbow_dubbles
After this Rainbow_dubbles
i like how i posted one link and got told, then people are posting images for the rest of the stream :P
Well, 27 mins.
Rainbow_dubbles: 1030
If that's true, then what the hell is Starswirl supposed to have invented?
Luna sounded depressed when she named Twilight Sparkle's costume :s
Image links are only links allowed during stream.
From Latin for "membrane around a fetus", from Greek "bowl in which the blood of victims was caught", from ame, (bucket)
oh i see thanks
"Amniomorphic spell" - something used in conception or childbirth, I'd guess.
thats really weird
And only when they're relevant.
Lucid: the 'ambimorphic' spell or something like that
Lucid: its magic, i aint gota explain shit
Womb is compared to a bowl, becuase Romans are weird like that.
He forms babbies
Star-Swirl invented the Traffic Light and Peanut Oil /blackhistoryfact
exactly
http://bit.ly/xylhu8
^hehe
derpy <3
does she shoot muffins?
Starswirl forms babbies
New clip!
STREAM! Y U SPOILER
STREAM HAS SPOILERS
BAN IT
lawl
or old for those who watched the leak
oh wait
Big Mac laughs! Film at 11!
Big Mac gets all the mares
I watched the ep already XD
its epic
/me would join that group
Star Swirl was one who formed 200 Omniamorphic spells. Omniamorphic means "all-encompassing shapeless spell"
http://bit.ly/yrd7Yz
as have I
Who IS that ghost poni?
/me would join Randomnerd in that group.
So they are 200 multitasking spells that have no solid form.
It's Berry Punch's colouring.
Davie_Jones: its actually an "amniomorphic"\
*AmniO
rainbow dash is best shadowbolt
dat shadowbolt
after the leak we still have 2064 viewers 30min before the episode
amniomorphic means lamb-shape spell
nvm, 2058
Diabeetus is a serious problems.
Spike died a horrible death and RD was arrested for manslaughter
...because she just isnt a wonderbolt yet
Davie_Jones: no, not even close
Do you really prefer that over Omniamorphic?
I saw the leak but i want to watch it with a chat
It's from the wiki.
Got proof it is otherwise?
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/7af1ad16-e91a-4db6-856b-5674127a900e.jpg
Davie_Jones: thats someone trolling
ZZ Clop?
hmm
Then the wiki is wrong.
!cd
Episode 17 of season 2 "Hearts and Hooves Day" airs in 0 days, 0 hours, 22 minutes, 55 seconds (Feb 11 2012 15:30:00 GMT)
Then why haven't you fixed it?
lol WRITEity
CBF
why was the water green?
because magic
because why not?
Starswirl has preggo fe- OOH ZECORA
Conspiracy Keanu.
Apparently amnio is bowl and morphic is morph. So...Master of the potting spell?
Makes the game harder.
apple bobbing water isn't that hygenic tbh
LordDerpington: the game
Hairy Potter.
allso hi
i'll be back when the new ep is on. If you need me for some silly reason you can ping me.
Oh I see. He's bearded, so he's a Hairy Potter. Clever.
What if... ep 18 in 20 minutes o_0
i wouldn't be putting my face in water that color
!cd
Episode 17 of season 2 "Hearts and Hooves Day" airs in 0 days, 0 hours, 21 minutes, 54 seconds (Feb 11 2012 15:30:00 GMT)
Davie_Jones: look up amniotic fluid
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/1ca151ff-885c-4ead-ba81-c4061d3dac63.jpg
I really don't see why people hate the stupid joke so much.
indeed WRITEity
Yes, Amino means the membrane around the fetus.
I'm just going to go with my headcanon that amnio means bowl in Equestria and call it a day
It also means Bowl.
You really want him to be a sage in pregency spells?
I didn't see that, RN
Can you cite a source?
And that's how ponies are made.
http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/amnion
Davie_Jones: exactly, so it's a spell (I believe) that can be used to change ponies physical appearences. i.e. coat color
Personally I'm content to let him be a Hairy Potter.
and then half the fan base came
Davie_Jones: while they are still in the woomb
Can you cite a source, eman?
https://www.google.com/search?aq=f&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8&q=amnio#sclient=psy-ab&hl=en&safe=off&source=hp&q=define:amnion&pbx=1&oq=define:amnion&aq=f&aqi=&aql=&gs_sm=3&gs_upl=5974l6916l11l7110l7l1l6l0l0l0l72l72l1l7l0&bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.r_cp.,cf.osb&fp=990b2c255be26274&biw=1366&bih=643
I came when Zecora started talking
oh god....
Same here Meanwhile
WHATDAFUQ LINK
Dat google search.
So Star Swirl wrote spells for capturing blood in bowls?
emansickness: dat link
Davie_Jones: http://derpy.me/bpkrB
Zecora is rapidly becoming my favourite minor character.
LordDerpington she's already mine :).
Murrrnapples :3
Wait
Oh for fuck's sake, fine.
45 USERS!
Can we not just agree that Starswirl is a hairy potter and leave him be?
woah
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-oh-most-wonderful-of-nights.png
Starswirl makes Babies.
I wanna meet a person like Zecora
that's because talking in ryme is boss
I don't give a shit anymore.
so Star Swirl wote spells for the membrane during pregancies?
Starswirl is too old for this shit.
excuse my spelling
Again, I'm just going with my headcanon here
WRITEity: that pics awesoem
Starswirl was a PIMP
Davie_Jones: obviously you can't use the EXACT meaning of the word because that makes no sense. thats why I think the spell can be used to decide ponies coat color while they are in the womb
Big Mac's descended from him
See, I could go all day with this until you agree that it isn't aninomorphic.
Funky floam shapes.
My headcanon is that Starswirl was responsible for the birth of Celestia and Luna. He changed them in the womb.
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
dat black hasbro month
Then why doesn't it use a word for color?
or coat?
who is that black cartoon guy?
i'm prety sure there was a 'b' when twi was talking about starswirls spell
LordDerpington: that makes sense
emansickness: is it not nicer to think that he was fond of pottery as hobby?
>YFW the Challenger exploded
Davie_Jones: because magic *snort snort*
Adn he got a shelf for that?
Three years later though.
I love it when I have Phlegm in the back of my throat. It causes me to loud bass in my voice.
StinkomanFan: that's what I was thinking.
and then half the fan base came... again
And I don't think that the writers would just pull a random word out of a medical dictionary
Thanks for sharing Tovler|Hungover.
Meanwhile: I still dont see how you can get from amniomorphic to pottery
Luna won't you cry for me
Etymology
Nether do I. That's why I think they didn't use that word.
Fuck it.
And this is where the episode gets annoyhing for me.
shes...BEAUTIFUL. Luna you are really pretty tonight
Nopony likes Latin anyway
emansickness: amnio is a word for bowl in greek.
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-new-episode.jpg
so true WRITEity
Starswirl makes babies, okay? Let's go with that, I don't give a shit anymore. I'm arguing on the fucking internet now.
feeaaat
A word for the bowl taht catches BLOOD
Well, I don't think that they would choose that word without a reason
Bowl made from the blood of your enemies
Irrelevant, still a bowl.
Tabitha's awesome as this voice.
That is a badass bowl
Yes.. but a bowl for catching BLOOD
that bowl is soo metal
You really think they'd make that mistake?
Tabitha's awesome in general.
And? It's still a bowl
you really think 12 year olds would know what that is?
I wish Rarity was in the episode too. but I appreciate the theory that Rarity is exhausted.
I think that knowing that we would look into pretty much anything, I don't think they would have gone with something so squicky
Prince Vladimire Blueblood uses an amnion
No 12 year old ever sat down and wanted to know what amniomorphic meant.
I think she was in bed sick at all the bad costums.
But us bronies would
Exactly.
I feel like we could have had that Rarity scene they had written, if they had just cut Pip out of the equation.
Which is the probable point of the Hairy Potter joke.
my theory for why luna's hair changed is that she was weak after being in the moon for so long and it took a while for her powers to come back
WRITEity: what scene?
They wouldn't have called it that without a reason
emansickness: there was originally a rarity scene in this eps script, but it was cut for time.
I'm surprised the Rarity scene wasn't kept due to Hasbro's love for pink ponies.
WRITEity: and you know this...how?
No seriously, Vlad (The Impaler) Blueblood
rarity scene?
how bout "amniamorphic", a fic i read had that spelling
And knowing their love for jokes of that sort, it wouldn't surprise me if that was what happened
How AWESOME would that be?
What does amnia mean?
I'd love it if when they release the DVD of this show, they include deleted scenes and what not.
*amnia-
"Amiina (formerly Amína and Aníma) is an Icelandic musical quartet"
i assume thats not it
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-untitled2.gif
Plus the design of the dress Luna was supposed to wear in that scene made it into the Castle Creator game.
WRITEity Lauren Faust herself told us of the deleted scene.
Jim: thats awesome xD
here is ANOTHER theory. they picked a random sylloble that sounded magic hense amniomorphic spell PERFECT argument over *runs into a door*
It would be nice to get Lauren Faust's opinion about that
In my headcanon Rarity is a vampire
Eman, I don't think that'sthe way it happened. There are so many other prefixes that they could have chosen.
amnia, plural of amnion, the innermost membrane of the sac enclosing the embryo of a mammal, reptile, or bird: it is filled with watery fluid.
Well seeing as Lauren is only a consulting producer, I don't think we should bother her much about the show.
well, she WAS apparently meant to be dressed as Vampira, Starflash
er, StinkomanFan
Come next season, I question if she will even be part any further.
Ohai WRITEity
Sigh.
And Sweetie Belle was dressed as Dracula
Lauen is completely done with the show now
...or Blackula
We had that already Phase4 but for some reason the debate continued.
A youtube comment?
Phase4: because youtube is TOTALLY relyable right?
FUNFUNFUNFUN
Taht's your source, Phase?
Because anything you've cited IS reliable?
emansickness: naturaly
Looking forward to the weekend
Wikipedia is hardly untamperable.
dat fun has been doubled spam in chats
inb4 the fun has been doubled
Thus was born a meme
Dinky Doo <3.
you TOTALLY adress a princess by her first name. thats proper right
Dinky Doo? Where?
Pinkie Pie was a bitch this episode
Afaik that's her only name.
/me shrugpony.
this is the best idea evah!
I'm summoning the spiders. They'll come at my call!
emansickness but she told them to, so it's fair enough.
Spiderses
I'm gong to stop watching now
Because I'm spidermare!
StinkomanFan: not really, shes just trying to have a laugh
Kil the Loyalists!
ohai Purple`Prose
/me kills the loyalists
Because total mayhem and destruction is worth a good laugh
All shall love me and despair!
That shouting...it's making people nervous.
WORSHIP HER!
cue the Galadrial
Also breaking the goddess of the night
StinkomanFan: that wasnt the direct resut of pinkie. that was luna over reacting
StinkomanFan: In a world where cartoon violence is the only violence... maybe
I would worship her
she looks toatally badass
omg, cliffhanger
/me stops killing Loyalists.
I feel bad for Luna (the mod) she must be getting pinged so much right now
0,5IKR
Like a table tennis match no doubt.
I don't think she'd want you worshiping her after you wet yourself from fear.
/me uses magic to revive ALL THE LOYALISTS!
No srsly, Pinkie kept going even AFTER Twilight asked her to stop
She could have been Lulu.
Im guessing Luna decided to muter her computer for this ep.
StinkomanFan: its pinkie...get over it
One of the upcoming episodes involves time travel, right? Two words: Doctor Whooves
And RD decided to SCREW EVERYTHING UP
Lucid: spoiler? IDK'
Spoilers Lucid
Lucid : Oh GOd, that would be great :)
has anyone here read the rd travels through time fic?
ep20 is gonna be epic
it was a mindfuck
RD screwing things up? nah.
spoiler? it's a synopsis, not much to spoil
Giant Robots?! Bah. Gay.
SHUT UP about episode 20. I dont wanna hear it
Ep20 is going to up the flood gates for fannon and cannon.
It still counts according to SB64
Randomnerd: ikr, its all about ponies now
Or Emmet Frown...
Brown*
The synopsis counts as a spoiler in chat.
ponies=MANLY
Though, the one thing I would die to see is a River Song pony. Spoilers
well for you, no more talk about it then
/me is gonna watch the episode then leave when it is done.
Link the synopsis either privately or at a time when outside links are acceptable.
River Sogn pony? NO THANK YOU
SHUT UP WITH THE GDO DAMN SPOILERS
Somehow every type I misstype something i end up spelling somethingthat also makes sense
JUST SHUT UP
Lecture her!
^
emansickness: take a chill pill.
Doctor Whoof would not be happy with this chat
spoiler aleart: stuff happens
Daring Do in the background
LECTURE HER
Rainbow_dubbles: even joke spoilers aren't allowed.
That coffee.
cute
wow Meanwhile, i have been gone too long
I got kind of a backhanded compliment for my pony shirt the other day girl at the book store was like 'oh i love your my little pony" I of course said thank you then she said "yeah its real manly" wasnt sure if she was serious or making fun of me
Pinky was wall eyed there for a moment.
Clearly, since I have no idea who you are. But just be careful, mm'k.
And then The butt fun was doubled
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
scuse me Dave,
How do you access the list of channels, Dave?
also, this is Kammerjunk's fetish
Yes.
Yes, it is.
Ah, no vore :(
Wait, what's my fetish?
!cd
Episode 17 of season 2 "Hearts and Hooves Day" airs in 0 days, 0 hours, 3 minutes, 49 seconds (Feb 11 2012 15:30:00 GMT)
lol Pinkie is best Troll
3 minutes :3
We're. So. CLOSE!
XD
/me belives it was worth the wait
My timer must be wrong since it says 3 hours -_^
/me does a RD "Omagosh omagosh omagosh"
for all you fillies that have watched the episode earlier, I am dissapoint
IKR
Soon, PONY.
Meanwhile: yeah, the page timer is often derp
08,01!cd
dat colour breakage
It's counting down to movie night, not the episode.
!cd
Episode 17 of season 2 "Hearts and Hooves Day" airs in 0 days, 0 hours, 2 minutes, 46 seconds (Feb 11 2012 15:30:00 GMT)
John Mane Gacy
The Timer looks correct to me
I know Phase4. Like, 4 times out of 10.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
0,5Pip x Luna totally OTP
poor Scootawolf
lol
then pip was sent to the moon
Agreed LC
Nightmare Moan.
oh LordCelestia, that kinda creapy
<Pip> "You're still my favorite princess... <3" <Luna> "GET OUT OF OUR ROOM!"
No, Luna can't send him to the moon. She can send him to the SUN!
otp?
0,5Creepy
0,5but fun
How much stupidity are we going to deal with in the Bew Episode?]
LordCelestia: creepy butt fun?
Phase4: only true pairing.
lol exactly
Terrifying but entertaining.
*new
Capslock, but fun
Phase4, One True Pairing
/me hears Titanic music in his head
ah, thx
0,14use /list
ALL THE BUTT FUN
A phrase only used in actual context by the truly mentally declined.
Luna x Nightmare Moon x Pip is my OT3
The French Ship
I wonder how the people over at pound puppies feel about that line?
and then she was never seen again...WHAT DID PIP DO?
Luna get's all da candiez
StinkomanFan: Well, between the timid bigots pissing and moaning about Black History Month spots and r34 content....
Pip became a pirate and plundered.
StinkomanFan: French Ship is most passionate ship
Sadly, I think Twilight's lesson might not apply to everyone
Pip went on to host the Pirate Bay as a stallion.
ITS STARTING!
And here. We. Go.
Pip has all the wenches?
This series is about a French Ship now
IT"S TIME
Pipsqueak is going to get ripped into when he's grown up.
Yay!
lol
Wait... wouldn't Pip.. found PIPA?
IT BEGINS
XD
Everyone, get out your shipping googles!
PONEHZ
IT BEGINS
Pip was banished to the MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
/me closes chat to watch episode.
The CMC skip school
me gusta
Free shipping right now
I've got my love poncho ready
Dat arts and crafts.
DAT ipod spoof
glitter, glitter everywhere
disregard chat watch ponies
a little more ribon
Moar ribbon
inb4 meme
Song?
Moar lace
/me sits down and enjoys the new episode
Moar glitter
So much glitter
Moar Glitter!
I love the CMC
Moar things!
IT'S AMAZING
dat best CMC (sweetie belle)
I have waited my entire life for this.
It's wonderful!
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/a4eefa01-cabe-4dea-900c-f7869e0e94e1.jpg
shoes?
wait what??? SONG?
That's so great.
Aaaaads!
Song?
Oh shit it's on!
Spoiler: There will be romance involved!
No fake spoilers.
0,5OKAY GUYS
OK then i will watch this
0,5Remember
I think we're gunna need a bigger....
0,5No spoilers
Did you know you're all my very best FRAAAAAAAANCE?
RAWRity: oh yeah, leak meens memes already exist
enevelop
f
lol RAWRity
we have in-line media for this episode 0.o
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw2507-look_at_the_time_shipping.png
We're gonna need a bigger rope
LordCelestia: You're welcome for the reminder ;)
Again about a French Ship now
0,5If youve seen this episode already (like me) than its all fine and dandy
bye Jim
Don't go in kid!
I come back for adverts :|
0,5but no spoiling
0,5or hints
Fraaaaaanceeeeee!
Jim: that was too much
Lol, RAWRity.
sorry :(
don't worry, I'm keeping all my pics until they've occured already
WAIT
Fleur de Lis x Photo Finish is also my OTP
"Why are you so interested in trees"
Zack Effron?
I know that name..
Zack Efron looks AMAZING
/me hugs all the ponies that are not spoiling
Who is Zack Efron?
What movies was he in?
they dubbed his voice acting…. Whaaat?
Isn't Zack Efron the guy from high school musical?
Zack Effron...
Davie_Jones: he was in those High School musical movies
that movie looks so stupid
Davie_Jones: The guy in High School Musical.
yes
Davie_Jones: 17 again
GAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
oh ogd.
that guy from 17 Again
Oh. That's it.
/me headdesks till he forgets that.
/me takes Phase4's hug because he hasn't seen the episode yet.
my favorite pairing is probably fluttermac
disappoint.
BTW, it looks like the viewer numbers are HALF what they usually are.
/me has seen episode but waits too see everyponies reaction
I heard Zekrom instead of Zac Efron.
Everlasting_Joy: thats good enough for me ^_^
Big_Jakeintosh: never going to be canon. U jelly?
/me goes to card creator
Dermathil: thats probably because people have already seen it
I gave a girl I liked a Fluttershy doll
Meanwhile: I know ;(
:(
Never spoke of it again
Awww.
I gave a girl I liked choloroform.
I love it
This is it. I have managed to avoid all spoilers. Time for pony.
emansickness: stop trying to protect that experiment
Dat huge heart
It's beautiful
xD
This is epic
that is one big valentine
Spinster!
Dat elbow.
yay. Meghan McCarthy
^
although i like cheerilee too she is adorable
Cheerilee is Forever Alone
its about time cherrlee got some love
Part of the problem certainly is it. Maybe not 100% of it, but I'd say 50% is.
It's a chicken/apple/marshmellow taco!
silly
This cannot be allowed to pass
sigh
Oh yeah rub it in girls.
chowder!
Stupid fat kid
also, emansickness, I already saw the episode and I am watching it now.
Do not bother single women.
And so begains the CMC interfeering with people's personal lives...
dat gray kid
Russel-Up
Twist
what
dat face
I didn't see the episode until now
:O
The real moral! Don't bother single people.
Dat smile
d'aww
Inb4 worst idea ever.
dat mutilation of ponies
I wish my school was that awesome
twist is actually kinda cute in this usually she is annoying imo
aw, Twist
Sweetie Bell has a wicked smile.
"i'm great, the meth just kicked in"
And so it begins. *ominice music*
dem plotting smiles
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/d7da1e13-96dc-44fd-bb1c-71374d3aacee.png
Cutie Mark Crusaders Matchmakers! YAY!
High one.
08,01so i'm currently in a lab, helping out with a university visiting day
GET THAT BITCH OUT OF MY SITE....the horror
Dat brohoof
watching poni :D
cool houses
guys, coming up, there's something you need to pay attention to. Keep your eyes peeled
song?
SONG
RAWRity: lol, real time meme images
SONG
SOooooong
SONG
SWeetie song!!!!
aawwww yea
SONGONGOGNOGNOGN
Song!
:)
: D
now i'm glad I stayed away from brony memebase
SOOOOONGUUUU!!!
Oh my, a song
Dat hope for.
yay~ song
HERE WE GO
LordDerpington: is that a spoiler?
Great.. they get a musical number....
By Luna! Another song!
ye, song, oh joy
Dat dancing
BAM. FUNERAL. DEATH IS CANON
CMC SONG
SOOOOOOOOOOOONG
I love this song
08,01prospective students are getting sample lectures, doing some tutorial work, and generally seeing the computer science building
I say!
Blueblood?
Blueblood!
Wait.. was taht a Pastor pony?
Tally on!
wow, her voice sounds different this time
Organized religion is canon
DOCTOR WHOOF
Whoves
Nice.
DOCTOR WHOOVES
BLUE BLOOD
Tall, lol
08,01so i just had my headphones stolen for the greater good :(
what
Too short! ;(
More Dr. Hooves yay!
best part
so many new ponies
Was that Dr. Who reference
08,01so i cannot pony
dat strange obsession
:(
Yesh, Whooves is too splashy
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-u-jelly.png
Wait.. it was!
… wuuuut?
Fun fact: Doctor Whooves is also too old
Doctor who does a lot of RUNNING!
lol RAWRity
He was RUNNING!
Doctor Whooves is never too old.
Nnope!
wow....this song is just...weird I dont like it so far
Nope!
eeenope
Nope
Nnnope
nooo caramel girlfriend ?
eenope
dat bound
They run so silly
Wait, Cheerimac?
Big Mac gets ALL the fillies
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/65d872da-1938-44a5-a69d-b0b6c9ca7c00.jpg
yes Kammerjunk
skipping ponies is canon
Cheerimac indeed
RAWRity: Good Goddesses.
He needs to put some wheels on those baskets
yea that songh wasn't good
Big Mac is shy. D'aaaawwww.
Cheer iMac?
Kammerjunk: Or more like Big Cheer, like fluttershy's
SWEETIE BOT
oh dear
RAWRity: Mind=Blown
I can hear valthejean raging and eating his wig in the distance...
But seriously, THERE WAS A FUNERAL IN THAT SONG.
Ignore the corpse.
So are Ponies Equescopalian?
Death is now canon.
Ads. . .
IGNORE IT.
RAWRity: and?
Dermathil, why?
ran ran ru!
RAWRity: Yet again proving that Team Faust has balls.
Lucid: he loves Caramel.
RAWRity: there was also organized religion
Ah
Best valentines gift ever: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-qaf9v649wtQ/TVNBbEieXtI/AAAAAAAAAo8/jCuTncPoMPU/s640/valentineschocolates.png
Ok. Lets take bets. I have ten dollars on ten mins until the entire plan goes wrong.
Kammerjunk: FORMALLY team faust
Any takers?
Kammerjunck I agree.
Blueblood had a cold in that song
Davie_Jones: i put 10 on 15
Davie_Jones: I'm goonna say...10 seconds.
Dermathil: the coffin in the background.
They practice Coltvinism
StinkomanFan: no that was somepony else
emansickness: Yeah, but The Team Formerly Known as Team Faust is too long. TFKTF, maybe.
Meanwhile: oh. I didn't see it.
It looks like them
Davie_Jones, I have twenty on something involving tree sap
..why was there Lava in the middle of a city?
should stream that
StinkomanFan: blueblood was the one that was too fancy
StinkomanFan: I said that same thing like 3 hours ago.
Pretty much, yeah.
StinkomanFan Umm. . . magic? *snort snort
If you've seen teh show before, you get shot if you try to take a bet.
I'm just gunna stay away from the caht
They are still advertizing wuggles?
I still don't know what a Wuggle is
I wonder is a kid has ever overstuffed their wuggle and made it burst?
A wuggle is the skin of an animal that you must fill with stuffing in order to make sure its soul doesn't escape.
and/or forced to go to pony church.
Ugh, how cloying and... Unicorns?! I'll take seven.
Sweetie Belle! :o
I'm going in to fullscreen mode so I'll be afk I guess
I WUB YOU MAWM
/me is suprised he managed to avoid spoilers
Kammerjunk: How about not Team Faust but Studio B?
baby unicorn
I managed to avoid spoilers
That's short
They're Roman Coltolic.
Ictiv: I thought they changed name.
Team Faustress 2?
Ponies are Celestian.
From Studio B, that is. I just can't remember to what.
I didn't bump into any spoilers before the episode
only spoiler i saw was that jelly pic. but i assumed that was fanwork
Or Coltvinist, or Equuscopalian!
DHX Media, wasn't it?
Meanwhile: Buck that, i'm celestian
Kammerjunk: Oh, I thought they changed TO Studio B
Think I saw it in the Ballad of a Brony.
We're Bacl
They're COMING
Dem lil wings.
the sky is an odd pink
The British are coming!
We are not.
Thanks to Spoilers, I can concentrate on the chat.
lol
scootaloo is best CMC
Wat
lol
Or IS IT
Es it?
No, that's Fluttershy.
dat voice change
Oh my.
Lulz
Awkward
that was some voice change
Kammerjunk: NOPE! Flut Tershy?
this is an excelently though out plan when compared to the average
Cutie Mark Crusaders master matchmakers yaaaay!
such a cute episode
They're like "Do not want"
you can TASTE the Awkwardness.
Ictiv: I see what you did there.
eeyup
It tastes like motor oil!
lol
squeeeeeeeeee
CMC pony breaders
uuugh i'll be back in a minute. got to ddo something
Now this isn't awkward at all
Aaawkward.
oh the conversatin
The tension is palpable!
Make with the bucking!
THE TENSION
TAKE ME NOW
OH COME ON
:D
xD
HAHAHAHA
lulz
dat OH COME ON
and then nothing sexual happened trolololololololo
lol
Eeyup!
dat backfire
Many Lols were had
friendzoned :(
cant click link, to much pony
Rawrity: that was one of my high moments in the episode.
That was hilarious
Wow.. I lost my own bet
05,15dat friendzoned big mac
It was just a few mins
Book to the face.
omg i died
I see many gifs made from O COME ON
Read a book!
Yay! Twilight!
wjhat is with the voices
Oh no.. now Twilight is getting into the mix.
zomg, a mane 6
Love potion. Oh dear.
oh dear....
Uh-oh.
OH NO
Oh, Twilight. Now you've done it.
Oh dear
Twilight=best pony hooves down
Dem faces.
NOOO
I'll be surprised if they'll manage to go through this epizode with only eeyups and eeenopes
Twilight, you foool!
Nothing bad will come of this.
episode*
She IS the town librarian...
You fool
seriously Twilight?
ictiv...
twilight causes problems now
Wait... That second book...
Even she relised what she did.
must stop looking at the chat to much spoilers
silly twilight she has no idea what she has done
lol
oh god...so many r34 options with that pose... *facehoof*
Wat
...
Kammerjunk: yup
:O
Ok :c
Kammerjunk: Yeah, elements of harmony
That was "The Elements of Harmony"!
Whaaa
Hoover the rainbow.
Or, rather, The Elements of Harmony: A Reference Guide.
SO AWFUL!
Kammerjunk: Or rather a book about Equestria's history
Lolnope
That too. That was creepy, by the way.
Nnnope.
logic!
I want a Discord vaccuum
oh dear.......
flawed logic
silent as usual
PAWNCH
HYES
...dem lies
Paunch.
Falcon pawnch!
Eeyup.
is thath.....VIOLET punch?
hyesh!
APPLEBLOOM, NOT YOU TOO
Party PAWNCH
to test it. together
Testit. togetha.
TACT!
RUN
PAAWNCH
Did AB just say "Eeyup"?
SHOW ME YOUR HOOVES
Dat testing it.
Cooperative testing inititave
wat
The EEYUP runs in the family.
cutest episode ever
Randomnerd: eeyup
she knows!
Dat laugh.
Dat laugh
Big Mac's laugh is fantastic.
Big Macintosh laughs!
inb4 Terrible consequences
Awesome
Oh no
DON'T DO IT
and here...we..go...
Its the CMC after all
YOU FOOLS
Poor Cheerilee :(
ogod
so far this has gone awesome
The drinking is coming!
Inb4 this goes wrong.
eeyup
HE LAUGHS
MY GOD
chaos as usual
Wat
Freinds with benefits
The eyes
OOO shiiiiii
3 2 1
my bet was 15 minuets
See. Nothing bad will come of this.
And then they got it on right there.
Dem shots.
TAKE ME NOW
they develop some zecora there
dat "punch drunk" love
soemthing in his teeth
OH COME ON!
Darn
YES
Eeeeeeyup.
Eeeyuuuup.
they gonna get it on
and now it gets gag inducing
/me facehoof
Wat
Oh god
wub wub wub wub wub wub
dat :3
He said too much
Oh god
my 15 minute guess was right
Hehehehheh
FlutterMac OTP Fanatics go on a Jihad....
/me facehoofs
/me is winning
so much wub wub wub
Meanwhile: Eeyup.
ugh, squishy talk
"Take me now!"
NOOOO
Did he just say… a sentence?
WHAT THE HELL? did...he just talk?
That was weird to hear him say that
I...think so
I liked him better when all he said was Eeyup and Nnope.
indeed
eeeyep
Great. You've lobotomized them.
Meanwhile: http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-be-careful-what-you-wish-for.jpg
That's disturbinf
Well, I wouldn't exactly call it a sentence
I wonder if they are faking it.
Seen it RAWRity.
They should have thinned it out with water.
they're not
But it does apply.
Also, dat Ashleigh.
the pink eyes confirmed it
Aww. . . that's cute.
oh god...my ears..they burn
Well, we got our Big Macintosh episode
They're high on love.
>yfw you had Pink Eye as a child.
So... They got Big Macintosh to say over 5 words in a sentence.
Love is the drug that I'm thinking of.
RAWRity: my thoughts exactly
That's rather adorable
That takes guts.
0,5KISSY WISSY SNUGGLE WUGGLE BABY
It's the gag inducing kinda love
Meanwhile: Love, it's one hell of a drug?
... admittedly, that scene was cleaner than it could have been. Queue endless parodies that aren't
there never going to give each other up. never going to let each other down :P
You stay away from me LC.
LordCelestia: The power of Luna compels you!
05,15new law, BigMac doesn't get lines
INCEPTION BROAAAAAAAAAAWR
Again, it's not exactly a sentence. More of a series of words put together
You mean where the potion works as an aphrodisiac?
0,5Smoochy doppy woochy ponie pie
he did sorta talk on applebucking season
05,15how does that sit with everyone?
LordCelestia: you are MY kissy wissy snuggle wuggle baby
Phase4 grrrr. . . ;)
0,5O__O
He did talk on applebucking season
/me nestles in LordCelestia's bacon mane.
well, they wanted an episode where Big Mac talks...YOU SEE WHAT YOU BROUGHT UPON US FANS? LOOK WHAT YOU DID? YOU BROK LordCelestia!
Dat reaction.
fluttercry: Only if he can keep his "Eeyup" and "Nnnope".
fluttercry: don't make me overthrow you
Everlasting_Joy: :$
/me gives LordCelestia a smack on his flank
0,5o__e
"One pony plus hundrads of apple trees just doesn't add up."
0,5kissy wissy
/me facehooves twice
0,5wissy kissy
fluttercry: Sounds good to me.
OH COME ON
Also, it's a good thing one of the Mane6 didn't come along and accidently try the punch. Just sayin'
REQUESTING IMMEDIATE MOD ACTION IN PINKIE PIE
LordCelestia: WOAH...i dont roll that way
We didn't that Big Mac existed by the time we saw Applebuck Season
there is a guy spamming
We didn't know
ugh 3D
0,5sikky siwwy
Kissy Wissy, Smoozy Woozy Timey Wimey
a guy called pewnis spamming "love me"
D:
Dashie-Washie
god...I hate star wars
MAKE A BIKE OUT OF FLOAM
man, that is so tacky
Pinkie Winky
This commercial is hella old
floam your best friend
RAWRity . . . Brilliant!
Eesh. Mane 6 rooms are too zerged.
but you eat cakes, not decorate them
Floam Pete scares me
What is this O_O
Waitaminnut... was that Celestia?!
0,5I saw Celestia!
0,5Yay
DOUBLED
Floamasaur is best pokemon
I imagine SuperBrony64 is now going to start saying O U. U SO SHMOOPY.
Bucking floam shapes! *cough*
lol
holy fuck. GREEN
RAWRity: OU
Hubby wubby snooky wooky kissy wissy mushy wushy.
It's very easy to talk like that.
The game Life, is Death's favorite.
But at the same time I can feel my tongue melting.
BUT DO YOU MEAN IT? that's the problem
oh no...
What happens when you give that potion to Dr. Whooves? YOU'RE MY WIBBLY WOBBLY TIMEY WIMEY POO
Uh oh.
uh-oh
wat
If you wanna be happy for the rest of your life, never make a pretty filly your wife!
Wat
suddenly poison
Poisoned with love. Derp.
dat love poision
They DIED.
alicorn in the book
RAWRity: One happens if you thow the potion into the Time Vortex? Suddenly everypony will love everypony else
here's a lesson.. READ THE ENTIRE BOOK
A KINGDOM falling?!
Universal peace and love
do it!
Randomnerd: Well, they -were- royalty.
suddenly, we now know what forced the alicorns to show up
Dat facedesk.
lol mfw when twillight gave away the elements of harmony guide
faceplant
*facedesk*!
also, CHAOS REIGNING
nonsense spouting nincompoops
And then the Princess was sent to the moon.
Dermathil Brilliant!
one?.. .One?! I wanted to write What! Why am I miss typing something completely different?
...
Randomnerd: or it could've been caused by Discord
cutie mark crusader POTION FAILERS!!! yay!!!
oh the chaos
Rotten apples on the trees?
What.
Dat flailing.
wobblewobblewobblewobble\
She's got a parinoid mind.
Dem wiggly arms
The chaos is astronomical!
Whacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube mare.
ph
Wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tube pony!
wait what?
in a second
an hour in a second..
inb4 hilarious shenannigans
Seems legit
Ninjad LordCelestia
But it's Big Macintosh!
The strongest Pony in all of Ponyville....
Ms Cake is not amused
LordDerpington. cough.
lol
this is just odd
nothing. nothing at all
nothign has happened
WEDDING OH NOES
Get them married. That'll help.
and another plan was formed
Sweetie Belle, what have you done?
Cup Cake sounds a little off
Flawless logic
Oh, right.
Can't see the bride before the wedding!
oh dear...this won't end well.....
The goom may not see the bride et cetera.
Actually, that makes sense
Huggy wuggy snuggy bunny.
This is the best episode ever.
Eskimo kisses
Dat needing.
So that's the pony way of kissing.
Kammerjunk, that's called nuzzling
9_6
OH CRAP IT'S GOING TOO FAST FOR ME
Schnoopy doopy.
Dermathil: Well, imagine a newly in-love couple.
MINE!
DIAMOND
How do you think they'll act?
Diamonds?
let's the disctraction commence
RUN, TOM!
dat scootaface
wow
I saw scootaloo die a little inside
DRESS
Honey wunnt snuggle baby. Sure. Why not.
That made me laugh so hard
cheerilee is baws
Watch out, here comes Cheerilee!
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-shes-cheerilee.jpg
heh
... does the couch have a name?
Rarity's Fainting Couch.. :D
Drama couch and kitchen sink.
Actually, the CMC are being pretty smart about this.
his head is broked
dat headbob
Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope.
she just blasted a door, like that stuff will keep her
inb4 new meme
Dat harmony.
Elements of harmony?
ir inafter
or'
2/3 of a pony cannot stop Big Macintosh
Kammerjunk: Would you make out with one of yoru student's borther in fornt of her and her friends?
with the whole leak its hard to tell
Get Tom, he's gotta drag him!
Schmoopy schmoo.
Ictiv: No, but I haven't drunk love poison.
The door didn't even ring when he left
Dat Pinkie bounce.
bouncy
DAT BOUNCING
boing boing boing.
dang it hit the wrong button again
dat hippy hop
And I can act somewhat reasonably.
Tovler, he went out the back
anvils'
He've learnt to walk from Pinkie
bison?
sudden avils
Yoink.
wow
cue slapstick?
Lolwut
10,02O U
now we see just how strong Big Mac is
10,02U SO SHMOOPY
Kammerjunk: Love=/=Lust though :)
Big Mac is a MAN
HE. IS. UNSTOPPABLE!!!
Mac is built like a mountain.
SuperBrony64: I KNEW IT
10,02:3
those poor slave oxen
Mac is the show's juggernaught
House to?
omfg big mac is BAWSE
Oh my god
LOL
poor berry punch
WAT
poor berty
"I gotta quit drinkin'"
"D'ya know who I am? I'm Big Macintosh, Bitch!"
Wait, if they sleep, they won't see eachother in the eyes, so won't the poison be broken when they sleep?
Berry Punch is like "WTF?"
SuperBrony64: HELP US this episode has too much wubby schwubby
MACINTOSH SLOWS FOR NOTHING.
epic house relocation
I love that sound effect
LordDerpington: xD
Big Mac cannot be stopped
that's houses that Berry Punch has lost
when is scootaloo gonna get her own episode? sweetie bell and applebloom both got one also when she gonna fly?
That's going to become a gif, I just know it
2 houses
Next time a super villian comes up? Just tie him to mac and he'll drag them out of the country
Dat hole.
Ow.
WHOA
Cutie Mark Crusader Chasm Creators!
it actually worked
dem shovels
they learned form team rocket, perfect
Chasm Crafters?
Big Mac is 9 foot under.
SWEETUMS?
Dken, that's exactly what I was thinking
OH CRAP
Massive digging sequence.
Sweetums?
Oh god Cheerilee has the strength of a rhino to
Cutie Mark Crusader Comba Engineers
KOOLAID CHERILEE
oh yeah!
wat
what
Oh wow
LOL
clonk.
awesome
Epic headbutt of love
Oh Dear.
FLCL reference?
dem faces
On a mattress.
love those faces
0,5And then theyre making out
Eeyup.
tradition
BOWWOWCHICKAWOWWOW
0,5"Please be normal PLEASE be normal" *theyre making out* "CRAP!"
In their wedding bed?
Teeny tiny bit nutty.
those faces again
"you're on your honeymoon"
hooves in the right place?
Wat
dat lesson learned
Inb4 they get together anyway.
lol
The road to hell is paved with good intentions
moral: shipping is bad. for everyone
Lessons: don't fucking bug Single People.
Eeeyep
I've missed Big Mac's 2 lines.
In the end > freeing up Big Mac for no apparent reason
Big MANintosh
Lessons: Macintosh is harder to stop than the Juggernaught.
Dken2021: Man Tolkien was such a jerk with all those relationships he wrote
OH GOD NOW
I am single and I like it that way
trolololo
Dat shipping.
NO*
TROLOLOLO
They're trolling
xD
dat trolling
BIG NO
:D
awwwww yeaaa
well that was epic
10/10
BEST EPISODE EVER
He's the Juggernaught, MARE.
indeed
11/10
cutest episode yet
I rate it pony/10.
Wait… Applejack wasn't in this episode… NOOOOOOOOOOO
6/10
Quality factor exceeding 1
9/10 because music
Dear Princess Celestia, today I learned that you cannot stop Big Macintosh. At all. Don't even try.
pony/pony
Epic farce.
UNMUTE THE EFFING MANE CHAT, EPISODE IS DONE
It gets punishment for the CMC
The FlutterMac Shippers will go on a crusade!
ok so I give it a 7/10. without all of the ear splitting pookey wookey shit it would have been an 8/10 but oh well...
Nothing stops the Mac!
wait... AJ missed an episode? Has that happened this season?
Cheerilee the troll, I could get behind this
ship ALL the ponies
I thought that was going to be a lot cheesier then it was. I'm pleasently surprised :).
Oh god I missed it! ;(
The FlutterMac shippers are just weird.
JuggerMac?
A Big Macintosh episode couldn't have gone better
I stand by pony/10.
I rate it Saint Valentine out of February
so yeah, very good episode. I love to see the CMC hang out and NOT have it be about their damn Cutie Marks
Replay the episode!
Nooo
What is this?
StinkomanFan: really?...no no wait really?
your shitting me
0,5SO MANY QUITS
Oh, did anyone catch if we had a lot fewer viewers?
NiGHTS Into Dreams
Replay please!
I am very very pleased with this episode.
0,5O_____O
I liked it.
i am glad i waited
So! Awesome!
All right folks. I need to head off. I've got some big plans for the day.
twas worth the wait
Bye, Everlasting_Joy
Have fun Everlasting_Joy.
Yeah, that was well worth it
Right. Time to rewatch it in 720p!
IT sure was Phase4
indeed it was
LC, EPISODE IS DONE, NOW UNMUTE
This looks trippy.
now its 0300 here and its bed time
bye everypony
For a CMC episode it was EXCELLENT
,3
<3*
bye emansickness
gnight everyone
yeah we had fewer viewers than normal but that was expected i am sure
TOY_PON32: There are already HD uploads n youtube
well, see you all later for the Euroshow
It was an episode about the Background Ponies!
00,03This was SO worth getting up at 6am!
I...I hate myself
anyone mind if i find a link and post episode here?
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-wacky-waving-inflatable-arm-flailing-tube-mare.gif
Phase4: I'm just glad I managed to avoid all the spoilers. I had to stay off of memebase the entire time.
How amazing is that?!
for those who missed it
Ictiv: Not if it's 1080p.
/me goes to corner
But I have to go now, my planet needs me
TOY_PON32 :< why
@mods: episode is done, now stop holding back and unmute the mane chat
Kammerjunk: me too. well onward to bed
Like a Star Trek TNG ep that never goes to the bridge.
/me floats away
for great sleep
0,5o___o
Phase4: Sweet dreams.
Are you kidding me. i come back and sb is playing some silly game
Bye, StinkomanFan
05,15that episode....not...really sure what to think
Best episode ever?
No
And no I didn't dream of ponies last night :(
fluttercry: Wouldn't you also rate it pony/10?
Alas!
Oh hi, SB.
fluttercry, episode is done. time to unmute #bronystate.
05,15yes pony/10
Starflash: I told myself I was going to watch it..but I didn't
05,15Dermathil I'm not in charge of that
It was easily the best CMC episode so far.
^
Aww
fluttercry: but you can inform the other mods
indeed
And there's already a 1080p version of the song out.
But it's already on utub anyways
dat stream
I reallly hate myself right now....
because leak
Ooh, music.
I <3 this song sooo much!!!!
I like this song
No...I hate sleep
Wait, is this tune what I think it is?
anything featuring the cmc is good in my book of course now we need a scootaloo centric epiosde
I watched it early. I thought it was fitting that I'd watch the Valentines Day episode alone.
0,14great ep, would watch again and again
05,15i wish I knew what this song was
for a thousand years!
Instrumental only?
lol no lyrics XD
Isn't it eurobeatpony?
ohai SaxyPretender.
fluttercry: Luna - Eurobeat Pony.
Boss.
That'S a eurobeat brony Luna
Well im going to go once again
05,15thank you
0,14oh hai DWR
/me is too angry to rage so he just stays silent
TOY_PON32: Oh, what's wrong?
05,15Y are u mad?
/me is singing anyways
Superbrony64: why not unmute main chat now? the experiment is DONE
In due time Dermathil, hold your ponies.
I missed the new episode...I wanted to watch it on Bronystate not on YouTube
11,01I hope everypony enjoyed the mareathon and new episode
11,01We appreciate everyone coming.
Meanwhile: they said they'd unmute it right after it was done. This is one of the reasons I didn't want it to happen.
11,01I'd say that it was all worth it.
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/ef08e5fb-d977-4751-b234-cae88481e7be.png
TOY_PON32: It's best to watch with friends, yes
10,02Time to reopen chat.
Exactly..
00,03Epic episode was epic
05tbo you should have already
0,5Well everyone, we're back in the mane chat! How did you like the new episode?
Where was Gondor when this room became operational?
FINALLY... I was waiting so long.
worth the weight
thanks for streaming
Woop
3xD
yeah
=D
well… there were a lot less people here.
05,15incoming chat flood sir!
no rarity/10
I'm loving the song from this ep.
Thanks for the stream! :>
00,03Meanwhile :D
I'm watching the song again on YouTube. Nice callout, having Doctor Whooves be running.
Yeah, new episode was great!
Thanks for streaming :D
I pulled off an allnighter
>yfw no chat flood
It was great! Thanks for stream :)
Were back
due to NOBODY CARING ANYMORE
Scoot-Scootaloo: I've been waiting hours for that.
>InB4 Rainbow Nuke of chat.
Thanks for streaming!
05so what now, PF n art?
yaay~ everyponies back!!
:3
song was great, mushy talk made me take out my headphones
That was some good shit right there
yay
AWW YEAH
Great episode. Worth waiting for, as hard as it was avoiding spoilers
Guys...Big Mac...=D
fluttercry: see, not even flood.
worth the weight
tanks for the stream!!!!
awww
The Eppisode was AWSOME
I was kickeded
Are they going to second showing anytime soon?
ded
Fluttershy was not even in episode, umad?
dang
Well, good bye.
dat zoom
Unlikely.
only mane 6 was twi
Dash's spirit was in the episode.
70s Pony :D
But there was Twi))
Unless it lines up in the lotto.
Will there be drawing?
Well, it's time for me to sleep
Fluttershy was at home with a potential vssp
The Doctor and Derpy togather---> http://trialbot.net/?content=viewer&id=1313
TOY_PON32: Maybe after the Eurostream
/me sighs and shrugs
Or maybe as the episode after new episode next week.
:$
NO
cant wait for Lil miss Jays reaction to the new episode , Cheerymac is kinda his favorite shipping , i smell some NSFW pics being drawn in the near future
rock out!
NIGHTMARE MODE HELL YEAH
But I have no idea how those work.
http://i368.photobucket.com/albums/oo124/AkimiTwilight/My%20Little%20Pony%20Friendship%20is%20Magic/u_mad_sorry.jpg
I can only imagine what Rarity will do to Sweetie Belle, when she discover the damage done to her boutique :)
gotta go bye everypony
DAMN IT PARTY WITH PINKIE!
new fav shipping
bye pon_jovi
Dr. Hooves and Derpy as a Couple is now Canon.
peace
Also, Twist and Grey colt was SO ADORABLE :) <3
dat spotify
Ok, bye all!
<3 song
It's time for Horror Pony http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/7e90065ef5e2c5aa5837d92ada04f064/86138%20-%20artist%3Adinopopsicle%20blood%20rainbow_dash%20Rainbow_Factory%20rainbow_factory_dash%20scootaloo.png
I will wait after Eurostream, if not then I guess I'll be a loner and watch it by myself
AND NOW
o_O
00,03Tinpony, Cut that out
Oh
lol
O_o?
THW CHAMP IS PRESENT IN THE MAIN ROOM!
Nuts
this song is so cool
C:
chat back up?
what the fuck?
Yep
what is this song called?
I can't see anyone called TheChamp...
lolololol
0,14oh hai Randall1160
Thanks for stream, really ejoyoed this episode
Ohai!
is he using a stylus?
Well, hi TheChamp anyway, maybe it's my client.
well i'll go to sleep for a while, See ya later guys :)
::dances::
Dat drawing!
woooooooooooooo
rest well The TandPT
but yeah, this was the second best shipper troll
Seeya TheGreatAndPowerfulT
GandPT*
I wanna learn to draw
first best: the Avatar guys
Bye, TheGreatAndPowerfulT
<breaks out his glowsticks>
hi
First Best?
What is this song's name?
i'm so playing this when i'm on minecraft
sleep tight TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Draw circles, then draw around them.
Well Firefox crashed on me
wrek drawing again?
I'm incredibly tired after having stayed up all night
sssssssssss
Seriously HUB, why do you put FiM so damn early if you know most of us are sleeping at this time...
or Maplestory XD
still need a 1080p episode link?
its going to be a cheerilie mac shipping drawing
Is that with the mouse, or a drawing pad?
we need a deadmau pony
I do.
I hate (most) shipping, but this ep was awesome
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OGA0mF8Vsbc
looks like drawing bad
I'm gonna head to sleep
wish i knew wrecks spotify ID, he listens to the best music
yay
Name of the song? :3?
Goodnight everyone
..O u.
night
Again, Derpy and Dr. Hooves is now cannon.
Well...
Good night Polaris
The Avatar: The Last Airbender guys are the best shipper trolls
:p
Night
night
NO TWILIGHT SPARKLE?
!cd
Episode 18 of season 2 "A Friend in Deed" airs in 6 days, 22 hours, 50 minutes, 14 seconds (Feb 18 2012 15:00:00 GMT)
Too long.
lol
I'm disgusted..I'll be back later
Bye
DAMN IT!
:D
Seeya TOY_PON32
says for the mouses on the top left?
Have fun, TOY_PON32
can't be to hasty now...
does that meen hes using a mous
settle down
off to team fortress 2
dat watch out
FLUTTERSHY'S LAMENT
nice valoreins
toy do you want me to send you the itunes version?
I actually doubt there will be an 1080p version for a while
:D woot song <3
TrixLunLight
ooh, I love this song
XC
Too slow
bah. 3 minutes of next week's episode is already spoiled.
flutterytree
tree!
all versions currently are 720p becasue that was leaked
tree
thx Jim
Fluttertree!
Fluttershy's Lament :)
Best tree.
I'm out everypony
Ictiv: 1080p versions are usually out soon after the episode.
tree tree tree
squee tree
Maybe tomorrow.
this sounds like something from portal2 ?
:(
the music video segment I think is 1080p simply because someone uploaded 720 as 180
dat drawing
1080*
bye Polydunami
Time to get on making a new Commander Shepard for Mass Effect 3
Kammerjunk: Soon as in an hour or two
that has got be a drawing pad.
Bye SuperBrony64
that's "a while"
180P, ahh the good ole days of the internet.
I'll be back
I'm thinking that it's time for a Paragon-stupid run
"ah yes... Reapers..."
<3
bye Polydunami
^
Symphony of Ponies > Symphony of Science
... and all I'm thinking... is there's an XKCD about htat
Anyone know if ME3 will be preordeable on steam?
/me is glad Derpy's eyes are still derped
RARITY!
Adept or Enginneer for that one...
but if 720p will do I got that too (real this time)
no i wanted twwilight!
I think EA is trying to promote Origin so it won't be on steam
im out, have a good day everypony
Rarity
Inb4 They're not a tree
The race of sentient starships allegedly waiting in dark space. We've dismissed that claim.
This drawing be ;pve;y
*lovely
well evrypony i have to go
Epic is better than Adept
Did anypony else notice the Arcade Machines in the episode? Video games are now canon!
bye Rainbowjack
You're kidding right.
Ah yes, "ponies"
YEP
Oh crap!
we have dsmissed that claim
It happened with BF3.
Nice!
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/original/000/208/006/90140%20-%20me_gusta%20rainbow_dash.jpg?1322357408
I can't wait for game 3's release, so I can SO quote that line back at the councilor sarcastically with air qoutes.
... that day will be glorious...
oh well bye everypony!
http://www.1up.com/news/mass-effect-3-passes-steam-requires-origin
omg next month mcdonalds has pony toys
bye bronyfan
Who's drawing?
I want
anyone else play games at the hardest difficult for their first time?
bye bronyfan
See ya.
:) Bye!
I've asked for vacation on the Mass Effect 3 release
Meanwhile: Most big businesses are ran by people who know nothing about their customers and consulted by people who have a few numbers about the customers
bye
Someone is going to bleed for this.
So yeah.
Someone is going to BLEED.
I'm guessing Wrek is drawing, not sure though
It's possible they'll do it
hey who is drawing this?
I start on "Normal"
Work shall not interuppt my universe-saving
hoooooooooooof
and how is he drawing it?
Party With Pinkie - The Living Tombstone Remix
what song is this?
Ictiv Alas.
with a pen?
Put the other 2 on Steam, but not the climax.
Big_Jakeintosh: Wait, what?!
I am getting ME3 for my 360 cause i played on the pothers on it and i want my savesfrom that
yea...
What are they bucking thinking.
/me puts on shoes and runs to McDonalds.
I'll tell you
Randomnerd: eeyup pony toys at mcdonalds in the US
NOTHING
that was sleeping Twilight
well, time to play some tales of phantasia, see y'all at euroshow
Because they have brains made of coral and bits of old newspaper held togethr with cheese melt.
Berry Punch
I love the song.
indeed
this was the first time AJ was not in a episode
I can't stop listening to this song....
And, I'm back
Really?
Reference?
no
Was that the pic he drew last week?
*checks wiki*
<Stewie head tilt>
05,15I'm too scared to ask for the pony toys at mcdonalds
No RD or FS or Rarity either
Shipping pic? XD
cherilee I guess
fluttercry: Don't be!
It's McDonalds. They're used to weirdos.
At least you have the opportunity fluttercry
with big mac?
I'm too scared to eat at McDonalds
I muted the music here because I prefer You Gotta Glitch.
nooooo
i missed it
I am not ashamed to go to mcdonalds and ask por ponies
:(
1,3what, no 80's version Wrek? ;)
I where my pony shirts abnd hoodie with pride
NullRadix: I'm just scared of Ronald McDonalds.
Wrek is drawing cherilee like one of his french mares
awesome painting :)
I HOPE WE- screw it.
Big_Jakeintosh: Ditto, except just shirts.
It was awesome. the Reapers attacked Equestria and everyone was getting turend into pony paste to make a Pony Reaper.
I get a few stares, but most people ignore it.
Kammerjunk: I got a Derpy hoodie and i loves it
> Windows
> Not using FB2K
07,01Wrek check PM's
Legit fear Kammerjunk. A Ronald Mcdonald in a city about 40 minutes away from me once went insane on the job and dangled a kid over a deep fat fryer.
so much pony music
Thats a lot of pony music
Applejack wasn't in Stare Master! Which was also episode 17 in its own season. The number 17 is just bad for Applejack!
Meanwhile: Dude, what.
05,15I'll wear a shirt, or use a pony bag, but I just can't bring myself to ask for the toys
0,14I'd be the same way
0,14but
0,14since the toys are coming out in march
well by guys
eurobeat find a pet mix plzzz
Just bring ut up casually, like "Oh, by the way do you have the pony toys?"
I got a compliment form a girl at the bookstore the other day for my pony shirt but then she said "yeah its really manly"and then I was confused
0,14I think I'll try to get the Twilight toy for my birthday
derp?
Ask like you don't really know what they are and tell them your niece adores them.
I need to complete my mane 6 collection yet
bye Nafedude!!
That's how I'd roll.
Scoot-Scootaloo why were you asking about xbox earler?
05,15also they usually only have 1 toy at a time, so I'll end up getting duplicates
0,14^
0,14essentially, the plan for my b-day is
I wore my shirt all the way through the gymnasium I'm going to attend.
Felt good.
They usually sell the toys by themselves for like, a quid if you ask.
0,14Wake up, new pony ep (if there is one), go to McD's for pony toy
The day derpy became canon I went Wal-mart and bought the Blin Basg mane 6 toys not one fuck was givin
Listening to music like this makes me wanna listen to more Two-Mix.
You don't even need to buy a happy meal if you just ask for the toys.
So what does he use to draw this?
gawd my typing is crap 2day
0,14run around the house like a giddy child
Is this wrek thats drawing?
Pale_Horse *brohoof*
SaxyPretender is best manchild.
*brohoof* :D
I don't run into Two-Mix fans like, ever, lol
0,14Indeed
lol
Early 90's Japanese music scene ftw
0,14It helps that I don't quite look 20 XD
so though the only toys I have are the little miniatures but I want more
I think that black pudding earlier is disagreeing with the fried mushrooms...
Play "Running in the 90s" :p
I got mc'ds toys and a rainbow dash currently
Nope
05,15nope
Well that sucks.
/me notices that firefox crash stopped any sound inside firefox from playing... Great. I'll be back after a full restart.
Europet mix please :)
This isn't an open request radio stream...
It's something I figured you'd have because of what it is.
05,15Well actually, we do have blood sasuage, but it's expensive and rare
although this one is pretty epic too
^
0,14It's delicious though
00,03Naptime for me! See you guys in a few hours!
oh
k
sleep tight Scoot-Scootaloo
WINTER WRAP UP
sleep well
^
Later Scoot.
Snap Bronystate is back open!! When did this happen? O.o
hell yes new gameinformer
A long time ago, RaveBrony
0,14though...I dunno how rare they are, I've had some at BBQs I've gone to
How can you have a full monty without black pudding. Madness.
When the new episode was on?
05,15Well they're rare down here. I'd expect New York to have it
Good night all
00,10Well hope you all enjoyed the marathon and new ep. My bed seem to be trying to float off so I am gonna go hold it down for a few hours
CHEERILE
no, after the new episode ended
0,14later Sumica, thanks for streaming!
Later Sumica
goodbye guys
see ya Sumica
sleep tight
07,01night i'm off too
I overslept!
0,14later Luna, sleep well!
night luna thanks for stream
damn it all!
bye Luna
07,01sleep not found
05,15night luna
sleep tight Luna
Ohai everypony
I wish I could draw like this
ohai emangamer
Het eman
CHEERILEE. :D
heey*
00,10ah man wrek why did you have to draw, you know I love to watch you draw
http://imgur.com/afxiG
Ponies are actually really easy to draw, and fun too :D
ARGH!?
helo world
I overslept
You missed it.
True, unfoundbug
You missed it hard.
what I miss?
Everything.
oh my D:
Lol im actually drawing one now
what program are program are they using to draw I wanna try my hand at some this stuff
Maybe, but I can't draw worth crap
You need to watch the new episode otakon
The mareathon, the episode, whatever else there was.
You missed it all.
0,14Adobe Illustrator, I think
everyone's good at drawing something, it's finding what that is ;)
I want to get a sketchbook so I can try my hand at it, but I'm *horrid* at drawing.
00,10Dontforget no spoilers alowed here till one day after the ep
eeyup
it's AI
^
You missed harder than a blind man playing darts.
wut
Oh, shipping
Muted?
Mhhm, gotta wait 24 hours :)
Hmm, I wonder what he's drawing. It's gotta be Cheerilee x Doctor Whooves
the fuck
broadcast is dead
I dont see how wrek can draw so well with a mouse. whenever I try to do that it looks terrible
You missed like Stevy Wonder at golf.
I really DO like this latest episode.
0,14^
Its cheerilee and Big Mac
and thus I'm GLAD I watched the leaked ep!
probably Cheerilee and Mac
maybe I need to reduce my sensitivity when I try to draw on my computer
bc I had a feeling this would happen
it kinda annoys me that my dad my uncle and both of my brothers are good at drawing and stuff like that and I am not so I figure I should give it a shot
You missed like Zatoichi playing snooker.
00,10emangamer he's using a tablet
wonder why my vid is lagging so bad with no one on
Same eman... same here
Meanwhile: ENOUGH of the blind metaphors!
Sumica: oh...wah?
Drawing ponies also prolongs lifespan, cures cancer, and gives the secret to achieving enlightenment... *DISCLAIMER*: Any or all of the above statement may contain trace amounts of untruth.
But I was on a roll :(
yh
Big Mac? No way. Hmm, now that I think about it, it looks kinda like Twilight.
a barrel roll
00,10he uses mouse for vectors but tablet for sketching
:'(
Doesn't one draw out the 3D form first, then add lower-level detail?
lol
/me pats Meanwhile on the back
Biff MacIntosh!
How long before i see this on a drawfriend? :op
:P
Sumica: is that the thing that you plug into your computer, draw on and it appears on your screen?
Yes
emangamer: Yes, it's magical.
What are these songs!?
Well, you missed, is the basic underlying point of that.
indeed Tablets are pretty affordable too
I want one know....they look epic
I need one.... ...
remixes
Wow, that is a great expression.
I find it easier just to draw on paper then scan for sadly I dont have tablet
Love that expression
Awww that drawing.
dwwwwwwaaaaa
:)
give him a mullet
if you lack a tablet, scanners are always good :P
0,14Dat Big Mac face
00,10yeah emangamer
Anyway, I don't really have anything better to do but I need to go pretend that I do. So I shall see those of you who're present for eurostream when it's on. Toodles~
So Big Mac is the antagonist from Back To The Future now?... "Why don't you make like a tree, and get the hoof outta here."
There are some cheap but well worth it tablets
lol for face
Geez...so jelly of these skills....
Seeya for eurostream everypony.
bye Meanwhile
Bamboo from Wacom are good starter tablets
0,14later Meanwhile
laters Meanwhile
What kind of tablet do you recommend? Cause my current one is crap.
so what about the background?
Cheerliee looks like the pony in control here XD
To google!
Cheerilee wears the trousers?
and in terms of tablets generally, Wacom is the brand you want
dis super ponybeat remix of giggle at the ghosties
Yeah, I hear about Wacom a lot from artists.
Trust makes some nice ones too
"McFly you Bojo! Those boards don't work on water!" "Uless you've got POWAH!"
Yeah, I bet Cheerilee probably is in control. Something tells me that Big Mac just isn't all that assertive
00,10some tablets are just touch pads some are more of a screen that you draw on.
Just because hes built like a brick shithouse :@
Lucid: considering he didn't say a single origional thought in the entire episode?
Lucid: Of course, Big Mac is a lot like Fluttershy, really.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=MejbOFk7H6c
Big Mac is similar to fluttershy, yet opposite kind of?
Big Mac x Cheerilee shippers are soon to be starting.. because it's now canon!
There's a difference between being shy and not being assertive.
Mists, you mean Continuing
:p
True
gotta love this gif http://i.imgur.com/7EXAb.gif
Lucid: But Fluttershy isn't really assertive, either.
A rainbowdash-mario, neat
She'll learn
technically Dr. Whooves and Derpy are closer to being Canon from this episode than BM and C.
well I am gonna go as well see you guys possibly during the week but for sure next week later guys
she is passive
HeavyMetalDash: ;)
That's true. But Big Mac doesn't really come across as shy in terms of not wanting to talk to ponies, more like he just doesn't have much to say
dat kitty mouth
soft spoken you mean
hes just keeps to himself thats it
I'm off everypony. Keep it real..^.^
cya Cavy
Later tater.
bye Cavy
bais~
Bye Jim. Didn't see much of ya today =p
Smoopy bear
Hope you all enjoyed/enjoy the episode! I thought it was excellent.
Have fun@
So is Cheerilee standing on a stool or something?
when did the episode air?
NovaMarcellus an hour ago
NovaMarcellus: 10:30 AM EST.
and now she's REALLY close
they're lying next to each other... in bed... :D
K_A: they are both sitting down maybe
d'aaw, that's so sweet
dang I wanted to see peoples reaction to jelly
Like,
earlier it airewd
UGH I've about had it with these namby pamby stories
Those pet names that they called each other, I'm going to have to remember some of them for when I get a marefriend
*aired
Lucid: good call
Dat Twilight skin
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6mttNYfCi0
SO, RD's favorite game is just Battleship, Right?
In b4 no video links
hey Wrek is that chrome thaty ou use?
Wasn't it called Battle Clouds?
It wasn't named, I think.
Watching that episode just made me how appreciate... how single I am. Ha cha!
If only to embarress her
it looks like firefox
this picture is so full of daw
But it's as good a name as any, for sure.
wait, 4 joints on the leg? Does it work like that in the show, i havent noticed
stream isn't working for me - i think the wrong stream is on the website
Although I do hope to find my destined Kismesis someday.
you fight for what you love i always say
Golakka: most ponies/horses have 3 joints but hey, it's a cartoon
Yeah, no offense, but that leg looks....strange
Seemed like it wasn't exactly battle ships
Someone who defines me and completes me.. because I loathe them so much...
Yeah emangamer, I thought as much, something about the leg doesnt work sadly
I find that that is the hardest part to draw
I dont mean to be critical
Golakka: he knows he's doing...trust me
I've been single for nearly 28 years (as in, my whole life). beat that!
sad, I know
fair game
HA! i'm 34! got you beat by 6 years!
this is not a fun game to play
fortunattly I can't beat that
d'aww
wow....this argument is making me sad
yes oh lordy
My work here is done then. *dusts off hooves*
what program is this being made in?
autumn: I'm assuming adobe issistrator
Single for longer than i have graced this earth, :(
wow suddenly I feel like a kid lol
This argument is s awkward.
hey SuperBrony64 does someone want to change the topic of the channel?
haha! Ive not loved for longer! I WIN
wait.....
This arguement is kind of stupid
um
Ahem. I said... *Dusts off hooves*
Well, since we're talking about relationships, I pose a question. In you all's opinions, is it better to date someone who's exactly like you, or someone who has slightly differing interests?
it was EXACTLY like the setup for Battleships
Hmm
05,15Lucid the only real answer is to stay single
can we not get into the relationship conversation? from past experiences it isn't the best internet topic
Slightly different interests so you can expience more.
Yeah, but with other pieces, like not ships I guess
/me excludes himself from the topic lest he starts stating theories
I have little interest in getting a girlfriend. Everybody at work jokes about it.
fluttercry: a strange game...the only winning move is not to play
autumn: Adobe Illustrator
Hmm as long as you arent totally different like big mac and rainbow
Same concept and rules I suppose
Hasbro owns the rights to Battleship, they could have done so :D
thanks emangamer i was thinking it was somthing close to that
is wrek delighting us with his drawing skillz again?
I honestly cant say lucid, Ive stil never found the right girl :p
Alright then, sorry to bring it up then
exactlly
oh
God, that just reminded me they're making a movie.
you just havent found that someone,, i know that feel all to well
so, how boud dem PONIES???
:[ There is no need for that.
Big Mac is shrinking! :O
┻━┻ ︵ヽ(`Д´)ﾉ︵ ┻━┻
The magic of software. Try doing this on paper.
who thinks the Battlship movie is gonna be a 200 Million Dollar waste of time?
05,15Why hasbro! WHYYYYY
Flip ALL the tables
go Harumph
HARUMPH
RAWRity: dat...spam? does that cound as spam?
he got into some poison joke. :P
emangamer: no, counts as table flipping
I refuse for Shift-JIS art to be counted as spam!
countdoofus: thank you to :)
Well, I'm going to see it, cause explosions
sooo... Inkscape. so that's totally free drawing software, and a good one to boot?
Lucid: i think someone exactly like yourself.
you're welcome :-)
In other movie news, I am pretty damn excited for Act of Valor
Harumph!
now I want to draw....but my drawing notepad is 5 states away... :/
dang, I love this song but why does it lag so...
emangamer: find paper.
note book?
id imagine you would need some things to disagree apon, Its healthy to argue and debate :p
hidsight is 20/20
one good thing did come out of this episode. I like cherelee a lot more now
Oh, this is inkscape? Interesting. I thought InkScape was purely for "vectoring."
I guarentee that it'll turn a profit, though.
you can still practice with paper
Lucid: I will line your seat with Baynium
K_A: no it's not
Pale_Horse, Im gonna use that quote, if thats ok :p
05no this is still illustrator
Yeah. sadly it's not...
I thought so.
What can I say, I like explosions
The lasso tool looked too familiar. =P
Sure. Go right ahead. :)
but come ON!
Of course, I'm also a naval geek
All I have is photoshop elements 9
I loved this episode. I really like it when we see the CMC together and it's NOT about their god damn cutie marks.
/me facepalms
I saw Bayformers 1&2, and then realized they didn't deserve my money -so I'm not watching 3 or Battleship.
OH, MY, GOD...best wall paper ever
^^
still trying to figure it out
oh emangamer, that's awesome :)
emangamer: seen it
that was adorable
fucking Bayformer
RAWRity: and?
0,14oh Pink Floyd, y u so gdlk?
Yeah, acts of valor looks good.
no, I was wondering if Inkscape is a good tool for beginning drawers
O U
bc it sure as hell wasn't Transformers
I don't get all the hate for the transformers movie. What's so bad about it?
U SO SHMOOPY
well
lawl
05,15EXPLOSIONS
it's the hard on Bay has for the US military
05,15BOOM
05,15BANG
k, back.
05,15HOT CHICK
CountDoofus: I am not a good artist, but I would propose getting a cheap sketchbook first.
05,15that's what's wrong with it
/me is depressed
and the fact that you don't even SEE the Transformers that much
Start old-fashioned to save money, in case it's not your thing.
The Rock was pretty awesome Bay movie.
I still need an OC pony...I would have one if SOMEPONY *cough RAWRity cough* hadn't shit all over my last one
08,01i'm currently drinking from a juice box
aww, and I just changed my background to Ahuizotl holding Daring Do...I'll change it tomorrow
oh noes pic is spoiler!
08,01does... does this mean i'm cute now?
/me pats mario_pony on the head "There there"
the TRANSFORMERS take a back seat in a MOVIE abotu THE TRANSFORMERS
/me head asplodes
HeavyMetalDash: how so?
^
lol
08,01EVENING EVERYPONY! \o/
I mean, I get that it's a toy commercial.
I love making oc's
Good Evening :)
emangamer: again. I made one comment about it. I never did anything even CLOSE to "shitting all over" it.
good evenin
And? It's Transformers, it's not supposed to be a plodding plot oriented movie. Though I will admit that I greatly disliked the whole love story thing
Juice box makes everything sweeter
I only truly hated Transformers 2.
I dont want to hear it RAWRity
Lucid: no, I'm not talkig about the story
emangamer: so yeah, Get over it.
Well..I just seen the new episode
/me has not had his first love yet.
Weekly basis, how often do you change your wallpaper?
but I've got to go everypony :(...see you all later
besides ofc the debacle that was 3's plot
K_A: I've made a sketch of dancing Fluttershy, I'll PM you the link if you wanna see
/me hugs #bronystate
seeya eman
Take care emangamer
...and Meagan Fox doesn't do it for me, tbh.
CountDoofus: Doo eet.
It's a movie about giant robots fighting. There's going to be explosions
cybin: Iunno. I change it whenever I find something better than my current one.
My rating is..
but for a movie called Transformers, you don't see them that much
The closest I've come to art is doing stupid Photoshops.
Lucid: ALL YOU SEE IS EXPLOSIONS!
plues
Erm
Right now im drawing changeling twi from backwards through the mirror
Drawing is one of my three passions
its an art to an exrtent
I did not like the new robot designs personally
apparently Golakka is still here
I've changed it 4 times since last saturday
before I leave I'll just leave this right here: v
http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lz5rnpIMHU1r3shcio1_500.jpg
It is harder than I expected
do I have to MENTION the giant wrecking balls?
She should go the Leslie Neilsen route: "You're a good looking person in a town full of good-looking people. Do comedies"
"How are you gentleponies? you are on the way to destruction. you have no chance to survive. Make your time... Ha ha ha!"
my internet blinked out, so can one of the Ops kick my ghost?
or the damn ghetto twins?
Well, yeah that was kind of stupid I will admit
otakon: Ugh.
d'aww, poor scoots
05,15If transformers was really about giant robots fighting that would have been great. but it wasn't! It was about that damn kid!
08,01http://imgur.com/axskU
Golakka: is it registered?
or how about the railgun
aw man no more doodles
Exactly.
No, but it is me :p
dat meh
that is NEVER mentioned or used again
Well I was crying while angry before watching so 1/10, then I kept watching so 4/10, then I by the end of the episode I say..6/10
Transformers is made to sell toys.
dat homer in the background
that would have been DAMN USEFUL
Wrek: what do you think of my pic?;
05,15all I can look at is the screaming homer
Would've gave it a 9/10 but I was alone while watching.
I forgot to put money in the eletrickery meter, and the power went out
If I changed my bg on a daily basis with all the pony pics I have saved, it would take almost 3 years to get through them all
The main Fan Wiki literally says that in an entry! Just show the robots!
yh
And now the broadcast is offline :(
I'm not expecting shakespeare, I GET that!
http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/s720x720/426391_2821160333475_1392930293_32534012_1394409739_n.jpg
Actually, a comic spoofing the Zero Wing intro with the cast replaced with ponies would actually be pretty awesome...
RAWRity: I dont get it
08,01does drinking from a juicebox make me cuter? http://imgur.com/axskU
20% cuter
Meh is not a proper reaction to romance.
And also I don't like Big Mac and Cheerilee ship
TOY_PON3: its not a ship, IT'S CANON
I know what action movies are, I know the writing will be pathetic :(
Thats it back now :p
actually, it's not canon either
is issistrator vastly superior to Photoshop?
and ofc the sweeping shots of the US military in action
I guess I liked Transformers 1 because I was expecting something abysmal and instead I got a watchable movie.
welcome back
Is the broadcast offline, or am i just derping
or for that matter
the sweeping shots in general
RAWRity: What is it then?
WHY SO MANY SWEEPING SHOT!?
I to would like to know
autumn: I'm told it's drawing tools are better suited for, well, drawing.
Because photoshop is annoying me lately
I wouldn't know as I'm just a Shop junkie.
otakon: "Michael Bay gets military hardware the way we call out for pizza"
That's crazy talk... you're crazy...
but yh, first Transformers was watchable, 2 was an abomination, and I'm NEVER seeing 3
Wait a moment...how deep was Big Mac blushing? He's already red
I should really resume coloring that one fan book, or making a wallpaper.
Randomnerd: lol
somehow, I'm thinking the body of Cheerilee should be removed, Big Mac's the way it is, and then draw a large around them
but that's me
*its drawing
TOY_PON3: seeing as they didn't get together, it's technically a sunk ship.
a large heart* even
you know what's a good movie with explosions?
RED
^
meh
Transformers 3 was vexing.
you all should have seen that
And it was funny!
^^
so MUCH
No stream? ;w;
But man, Transformers 3 with Rifftrax was hilarious.
Malkovich stole the show
Dismo: There is a stream
thanks K_A ill look into it more.....
/me sways lighter back and forth "WOOOOOOO"
The Losers was okay. I liked how they went to the Soccer game at the end.
I approve of this music
i g2g night :)
dafuq
really, the biggest thing in this ep for me...Death is now Canon.
I never saw that one
Good night autumn
but hay
Yup
/me gives everypony a brohoof
(\
the A Team movie was pretty good too
*brohoof*
also, Religion of some sort is now canon.
Never saw. I've never seen a full episode of the A-Team, even.
me neither
jesus pony
and he's to obssessed with loads of jelly!
i never realized how easy it was to color like this
/me brohoof
Wrek: Why not import it into Illustrator and sample there?
do I didn't have anything to base it against
-_- too tired to think up positive feedback...i dunno what to say
Or are you applying lighting?
where on earth did that even come from
as a cold watching I liked it
You mean everypony dosen't worship Celestia?
you know, I have to imagine what the ramifications of religion in equestria has when they actually have 2 Gods as their monarchs.
Luna ftw!
05,15Warhammer 40K
I wouldn't really call Celestia and Luna gods
05,15that's what it means
I mean, imagine if WE could do that?
and then I killed chat
I'M SORRY!
Celestia and Luna aren't gods
/me pokes otakon
then their would be choas
wub
ohai there
Still need back story
:3
They are princesses
but.. they LITERALLY make the Sun and the Moon rise and set each day... :/
I wub when poked now
kill it with fire!
0,14Wrek, I'm loving how this picture's coming out so much
it's all this exposure to Ponyium
maybe future twi can give some insite
Pale_Horse: But so can normal unicorns working together.
Maybe a higher power gave them the power to?
It's okay
We're okay
he makes it look so easy, doesn't he?
*phew*
I got distracted by teh youtubes
Indeed
yes he does
I'm still pondering the whole cutie mark is based on your special talent thing when there are ponies like Screwloose...
and as such we're jelly
Hmm. the concept of an "Overgod" controlling other gods isn't new. Forgotten Realms uses the idea with Lord Ao.
Cypresswolf: or barking mad?
I loved both paradise's and secret tub fun's rendition on equestrian mythos
Cypresswolf: just think of it this way: There just so happen to be a lot of ponies' whose special talent is one-off jokes.
I really like how the drawing is coming out
ah
yes, or Lucy Screw
Yeah, no more Bayformers.
No Battleship.
I expected Sweetie Belle to get a singing cutie mark in the latest episode... meh
What's a bayformer?
Can anyone give me a hand, It is telling me the stream is offline, ive refreshed many times, and its apparent its still going
didnt the original kindom just start off of someone taking the lead cause nobody wanted to, and one of them down the line just stretch their abilities a bit
Michael Bay's Transformer Movies
thy logging out and back on
CountDoofus: I doubt the CMC will get cutiemarks any time soon.
try I mean
In during ticker.
Golakka, did the same thing for me.
I find the Navy eternally fascinating, all the same.
CountDoofus: trust me, none of the CMC are getting their cutie marks unless it's the focus of the episode.
how old is granny smith? watch winter wrap up then watch family appreciation day. she's hundreds of years old!!
Golakka: Try clearing cache.
I just opened the stream on Livestream and popped out the chat
season 2 finale / season 3 opener perhaps?
kk
Something like that isn't just gonna happen in the middle of an episode that isn't focused on it.
CountDoofus: maybe. I'm leaning towads some time in S3 myself.
I keep refreshing and the broadcast is offline ;o;
Any guesses as to what Scewtaloo's cutie mark will be?
Though I despair at the political implications of 11 Carrier Groups.
I wonder what they are going to do for the final episode of the season
Indeed, that would be a huge event, seeing how there are several episodes completely focused on them trying to get cutiemarks.
a stunt driver's helmet for Scootaloo
At least season 1 mentioned the gala in the second episode
I foresee some jealousy when one of the CMC gets thier cutie mark first. judging on how this season has gone so far. although, SB & Scoot were very excited when AB had the loopty hoop one...
I hope Discord returns as an anti-hero.
England has the most after us, with 3. And we're allies.
Scoots cutiemark will be a Scooter.
well Wrek has me all inspired and stuff now so I gotta go feed my addictions now
It's only going to be 10 for a while.
I think that WOULD be how it happens. A completely random event that the CMC get cutie marks.
Ach, nevermind.
Bai Everypony <3
Well, they ARE the "Cutie Mark Crusaders". If they actually got their cutie marks, it would remove a source of drama, and thus storytelling options.
Later
bye HeavyMetalDash
Am I the only dork who actually signs his name legibly? :|
The return of discord would be bucking awsome
see ya HeavyMetalDash
will there be a back story for discord?
K_A yes
Or maybe they all get Cutie marks that have something to do with one another.
Personally, I think it's more likely that if One gets their CM before the others, I can foresee an ep where they try to help the others, and start to get a big head about it.
I think people are still waiting for the Nightmare Moon Origin episode
Discord is just Q deciding to mess with ponies for a while insead of Picard.
I'm guessing: stunt driver helmet for Scoot, a microphone for Sweetie, and a hammer crossing a chisel for Apple Bloom
you forgot the Cheerilee's tail
that's his freakin backstory for ya. :P
or, 2 of the CMC get theirs, and ther 3rd starts to feel left out.
why did i put "the" in there?
what grapic editor he use?
Pale_Horse: OMG, what if Discord takes the Mane 6 to the very origins of ponies or life in Equestria?
Illustrator
05http://i.imgur.com/zutGw.png for those that want it
I wonder what it will take for the CMC to figure out its based on something they like? That will be a fantastic episode
The problem with "Battleship" is that it's public domain.
you forgot her tail
Awesme Wrek
hey everypony
hi StickySyrup
chat quiter now?
0,14aaaaaand favorited
Spark_Brave: No, it's there as a line.
its nice
this drawing is making me feel self consious
And then, because of a event they caused in the prsent that traved backward in time, Life never BEGAN on Equestria!!! :O
05that had been valid Spark_Brave, if i had finished it
yep, main stream is over until 2 when movie stream starts again.
That was awesome
Wrek: Over 240 people stuck around *just* to watch you draw. I wish I could warrant such a response.
And only Dr. Whooves can help put things right again... :D
so Cheerilee's cutie mark is in the same boat as her tail? 'sokay, me gusta
Best. Episode. Ever.
Considering what we learned about the Prince and Princess in today's episode, I'm personally under the assumption that There were at least a few centuries where Equestria existed before Celestia/Luna were around.
Don't forget Derpy, Derpy can go back in time too.
DRAW Gummy Wrek!
too true.
DRAW Gummy Wrek!
Cheerilee x Twilight
FLUTTERMAC
RAWRity: There are a lot of theories about it.
FLUTTERMAC
Gummy
is there a youtube of the video up yet?
fluttermac
make a super mario pony!!
At least according to Wikipedia. Hasbro has the copyright to the name, but they can't copyright "imaginary naval combat" any more than "32 Pieces on a board of 64 squares"
RARITY! ;)
OK Go ponies?
It's funny because I have refined my penmanship but can draw at all.
hmm, right
Nuh uh! not as bad as MY handwriting. it's like tring to decipher Linear B.
better than mine
and perhaps the chaos caused by the Love Poison spawned Discord, and thus Celestia and Luna were created as personifications (er, ponyfications?) of the Alicorns on the flag.
I wonder whats going on on the Hub for a 2 week lack of new pony between Feb 18 & March 3...
My handwriting is worst handwriting
in a pub
hey Wrek make a super mario pony!!please
MirrorImage: you mean of the latest episode? It was leaked before it officially aired, so I assume there's good quality videos out there
Hmm, Luna maybe?
I personally vote for more Zecora art
Cypresswolf: they have a tendency to take weird breaks during the season.
lyra
CountDoofus - i'm aware of that, but i'm pretty sure Hasbro pounced on all of those ones
How my teachers were able to discipher mine is beyond me
horrary for UK bronys not having to get up till late to watch ponies on saturdays
For instance, we had to wait 3 weeks between ROH 2 and Lesson Zero
Rainbow Dash. I can tell from the smirk.
They should just air an episode every other week. Then we'd have year round ponies.
I would still love to see a past sins movie
/me gives StickySyrup an eurobrony brohoof
@ NovaMarcellus: Same here, mine is awful
Oh god
the music on the stream is so goood
/me respects brohoof commitment
Sonic?
Dang UK ponies... Think they're so great because they don't have to get up as early... and because we wouldn't have Dr. Whooves without them. *grumble mumble*
wait wuts he drawing?
a hoof...
i know there's at least one HD vid of the new ep still on YT
Octavia.
05,15brb everypony
Octavia
Pale_Horse: XD We wouldnt have MLP is it wasnt for US
wonder what this will be
Bye Dr. Nick.
the one I watched it on died =(
yep, worst one was between Hearths Warming Eve & Family Appreciation Day
No, I think it really is Sonic.
pony on a pole...right
N/m
pole dancing pony?
is he drawing fleur poledancing???
^^This
walking stick...
staff...
Either way, I think I like where this is going
Fleur has wayyyyy too much class and self-respect to pole-dance.
This riff reminds me of U2, honestly.
also, i vote we name the Jelly obsessed stallion in today's ep "Jelly Jiggler"
vine...
Pole dancing is good cardio.
"U Jelly"
tbh, there has only 1 MLP episode I truly disliked
I vote we name him Jay Loe
same with rarity yet there are so many fics where she has so little
which ep, Count?
Over a Barrel ("Hey there. Welcome to Aaaapleloosa!")
It's a pony with a staff. Or, it could be a guitar
If there's Battleship in MLP, will there be MLP in Battleship?
Lucid: Hoofgazer pony.
rainbow with a guitar?
I have 2 eps that I dislike, but even then there are parts of each that I still enjoyed.
/me will watch if there's ponies hidden in Battleship.
so...another 2 hours then....DRAT
hmm, good idea ^^
There's ponies in my battleship!
the idea of taking ancestral ground in exchange for apple pies? ...wut?
I have yet not to like an episode.
hey. this bargain rite-aid cola is actually pretty good... :/
I suddenly thought of horizons seeing deus
/me images a MLP movie trailer looking like Battleship and Transformers.
Nova: wat
NovaMarcellus:
I want to get back to my drawing practice, as soon as Im done with my current classes, I'll pick up my pencils agian
Name of caracter
lol
im just....GOD!
love that fic
Tovler, that sounds like something I would watch
Of course, at this point, I would watch just about anything
and the other is The Mysterious Mare-Do-Well (Friend is acting boastful about being hero? Make another hero and spend all your time with friend bragging about hero)
Pale_Horse: A lot of cheap sodas are surprisingly good.
0,14we need a Gaijin 4koma using this: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2735/
ya that episode was disapointing
0,14looooooved that scene
Yeah, I wasn't all that impressed with Mare-do-well.
yeah, wasn't a big fan of RD's attitude in that ep either
Why arent you showing the mare-a-thon?
watching these have helped me improve, got the basic shape for ponies down. my sketches are getting closer to looking like the thing I intended
0,5Deus the mare-a-thon is over
because Deus, the mare-a-thon is already over
wait
then...what about the latest episode?
0,5It ended a half hour ago
also over
Deus: It came on at 6:00 AM EST. Don't ask why.
:(
Sweeping views of Canterlot
but
what?
but
0,5Time zones, my friend
0,5Infamous time zones
Lots of Royal Guards all over the place :D
Truly an airing intended for the most hardcore bronies. Or for little children who wake up early.
the...countdown
I KNOW that
I was FINE with RD's attitude in Mare-Do-Well. It was the OTHER members of the Mane 6 that were my problem.
That drawing! I'm dying to know how it'll look like in the end!
0,5Countdown? people actually look at that broken old thing?
the countdown is for the Euroshow of Brony Movie Night
looks kinda Mass Effect-like
NOT the latest ep.
LordCelestia: You guys need to replace it with a Javascript implementation.
lord. yes
I'd imagine a MLP movie being very similar to Thor.
It was awesome. Twilight and Rarity had a gunfight/swordfight to the death, and the the episode ended with twilight pointing her hoof at all the assembled gunponioes, saying "Bang" and slumping to the ground dead.
i missed the first half og the ep because of it
a bugger it
This is dead space ponies I think
youtube then
05might continue a bit on this one
and !cd doesnt work in main room
I'd watch that
that pic...is it based off of ... what was that fanfic...the one with Twilight Spark?
Yeah, I don't quite understand what their logic was. "Hmm, instead of telling our friend that they're bragging too much, why don't we all take on the role of a superhero?
never played Dead Space (I hate horror stuff, lol)
I don't know what's going on in this picture, but I like it
Lucid: and the biggest issue is, they could have fixed that!
05meh fuck this
/me hugs TOY_PON3
have I gone blind?
Yeah, the plot of that episode felt very contrived
Wrek: That feel.
stream went away
05goan do this
Yay! it's the Night's into Dreams game again!
?
Where can we see that artwork, Wrek?
Shiny, with Rainbow Bridges...
Instead of the scene with the RD fanclub, have the cold open be RD saying somepony and being called a hero. Then, in the time left open from that scene being moved, put in a scene where RD almost gets somepony hurt because she's busy braggin.
guess I will take a break and start up again mine
05nope
Besides, it wasn't really that big of a deal for her to be bragging
then, get rid of the scene where the Mane 6 are talking up mare-do-well, and instead put in a scene where they try to talk to RD about being full of herself.
It's not like it was really hurting anyponty
HO GOD
Ohai Dead Space
0,14...
DOO EET
0,14oh boy
why do i have a VEEMI stream that dont work?
Ohai
My friend played this. IMO, it looks too much like an FPS and not and RPG. :\
0,5Stream is on replay I thought
Nice! Imma turn off the lights :)
DEAD SPACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0,5BEcause I saw that other girl thing from earlier
Giggle at the Ghosties....its not very effective..
Cut off their limbs!!!
HOO BOY DEAD SACE
space
there, you have a believeable, relateable story where the characters aren't immediately and unwarrantedly jumping into hijinks.
Wait, crap.
necromorph ponies would be scary... >.>
right! I think I hear my fanfiction calling. "Count, work on me! I yearn to be completed!" gotta run, seeya everypony and thanks again for the stream! ya'll are the best!
I'm thinking of a completely different game.
0,14O_O
that one got me :)
Although I'm more a fan of Amnesia myself.
dead space should be a movie
Oh my gooooooooood!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BIG MAC SPOKE!
That wasn't scary at all *shivers in the corner*
and hi all ^^
I heard they were making one
Dead space? Whoa Nelly
ohai Yellowquiet
I like how this game uses a non-HUD based interface.
along with bioshock
I friggen love dead space!
i missed the ep stream today ^^
sup. dtream down?
Oh, snap, this one's on PC.
http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lz8myo9wY01rnpo0wo1_500.jpg
Another movie that I really want to see is a Halo movie.
There's dead space on my stream
did you get this on the Steam sale for it a while ago?
Is that the stream that's supposed to be on?
theres a zombie on my lawn
I woke my roomate up the other night playing FO New Vegas. I was in the Repconn Rocket place with ghouls...and one snuck up on me
I wanted to be a zombie next yeeear
Stoopid zombies, get off my lawn
OK, guys, I'm gonna go on now and try to do something productive of my own. (in b4 Skyrim)
wow
i have completed this level)
seeya K_A, and thanks again for your info
anypony else played plants vs zombies?
have you got red finger?
My stream stopped
anyone else complete HARDCORE?
i played
yep
No:'(
says broadcast offline for me. are you watching via veemi.com?
In Skyrim naow! :)
I did, friggen intense
keep dying at the part with the train
buy thing that have big csharp ircles
it's supposed to be livestream I think
I used to play football... Road cones protect my head... I have a screen door shield... We are the undead!
He was pissed at first...then laughed every time I got freaked out...stayed up until I reached the nightstalkers in the basement O_O
amazing level
man
0,14I'm out for now, later everyone!
cya
bye!
bye SaxyPretender
bb
Jacob... Set us free...
Really? only one other person beat hardcore?
still down for me. which player are you watching on?
somepony playing deadspace?
Fly man fly!
I dont know why, but I just want to go to walmart and get a cake! It just feels like a day for cake
Ingwaz: yup
i get to watch someone scream like a little girl
soo who's exited for the new twilight movie?
Everyday is the right day for cake.
Dark_Horst, I had the same problem, so I just opened it on livestream.
Twilight Sparkle is getting a movie mario_pony ?
superbrony64
lol edward is a brony
mario_pony: I hope ur talking about a twilight sparkle movie ...
Jim: *facehoof*
Kazahana, how do i do that?
same
Im gonna hit the mechanic shop, then aquire cake. Im going idle for awhile
http://www.livestream.com/superbrony64
thanks
;)
good lord, the quality is horrible
diddutz: what's so bad about liking twilight?
buy normal gun man
anyone else getting terrible lag?
There are not enough words to describe how much I love Dead Space
nope
i dont even get a stream XD
o there it goes
dead pace mp preety good
and now its gone
helloz :)
I'm more a fan of "quieter" survival horror. Like Amnesia or Silent Hill.
hi dashiee
/me hugs dashiee
what is best silent hill game?
What difficulty is this on?
Probably 2
so many nodes
also which one is silent ponyville based on?
dunno. Never read that one
mario_pony: I have to admit, I never saw any twilight movie but I hate the fact that every (more female) are going crayzay about this movie
yeah
lol
Twilight Sparkle? :)
Dr. Fumbles:)
This is the skin of a killer! (sparkles like a fairy)
guy went a little hard on the gamma there
I would like a Twilight Sparkle movie though
lo, great movie last night
diddutz: i just watch it foe the cool battle scenes and sometimes for the story my female cousins got me into the whole thing.
who's streaming, btw?
so low graphics
Wreck
Wrek is streaming I think
i think
I'll be back
>a little hard on the gamma
I get it, Dark_Horst
This isn't working.
I do wonder now how a Pyramid Head pony would actually 'work'... I mean, how is he supposed to carry the great knife effectively? he can't use his teeth, cause of his mask... and he needs his hooves free to walk....
/me breaks The_4th_Wall
magic
oh good, the main room is back
But we need that fourth wall!
unicorn
nailt it onto his foreleg
He's nice
like all the iimportant ponies
i got no prejudices about guys watching twilight (how could I, i watch mlp O.o) but over the time it started annoying me...
Necromorphs are so badass
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA http://a5.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/s720x720/418739_2820854765836_1392930293_32533731_1746334743_n.jpg
its magic, dont have to explane @#$%
Dat sweetie
lol
why are we talking about Dead Space?
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Spoiler:Shit's about to go down
nice place)
surprise
good day)
scrary buttfun
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! http://a6.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/428256_2820802044518_1392930293_32533721_165810133_n.jpg
RAWRity: Was that an actual animation or was it fanmade?
shoot him!
its a good thing this sort of thing didnt happen to me, i'd just shoot myself and be done with it
and strategic dismemberment is friggen epic
Extreme Tag!
babbys
RAWRity: Dear god!
Kill it! Kill it with fire!!!
hohoho
oh hey, those are funny
1000 of little boys
ripper!
jacko would love it
Ahh!! Burn it! Send it to Hell!
boom headshot
Nope. avi http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/10/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-untitled2.gif
use stasis
ahh back to the stre- OH GD KILL IT WITH FIRE
This better be zealot
DS? I'm intrigued.
hey, is stream on or no? it says this broadcast is offline. Please check back later
other scary pony-related material: The Slender Pony.
headstomp
It's just
Off air for me
yo, it's way more effective if you shoot the shiney yellow thing on those bombers
Am I doing somethinf wrong.
kill what with fire?
they changed the embed
Line Gun, never been more awesome.
Prefer the Saw gun though.
That's so awesome Yellowquiet :)
Yellowquiet: I like it :)
i likes the saaaaaaaaaaawwwww
well gtg see you next week
I refreshed, and I'm still getting Veemi.
Ripper is awesome
basic plasma cutter for me.
Thank you guys ^^ tried to shade it a bit ^^
todays episode was just so CUTE
Any ideas how to fix this?
Lol Pale_Horse, no one even defies that.
shit, FREE BOMBS FUCK YEAH
You did a fine job Yellowquiet
Who else can read Unitology?
Basic Plasma Cutter is awesome.
http://www.livestream.com/superbrony64
The shade was a nice touch
Great episode, yeah
thy for the nice critique
Yellowquiet but why on that grid paper?:(
yes umm..
oh wait i can always look on livestream with my ipod
i used to draw some eys but then it was a pony and it turned out so well
i think it's lovely Yellowquiet!!
THAT ELEVATOR
/me hugs everypony
Heh...
lol
/me hugs Yellowquiet back
next time i gonna use some normal paper
I did always find it wierd that the flamethrower could somehow cut off limbs... :/
I was like "how"?
tried doing this game with only a plasma cutter and no armor upgrades
didnt turn out to well
Shit that reminds me I need to work on my OC today or atleast this weekend. for sure
^^
surprise!
dun dun dunnnnnnnnn
TOY_PON3: send me a link when you finished
man i have to leave bye everypony!!!!
Spoiler:Shit is about to hit the fan.
bye mario_pony
bitch, please
ciao mario_pony
/me waves at TOY_PON3
You know when you can be left alone. On THE MOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAA!
will do Yellowquiet
toodles
How messed up is religion in the future when they believe becoming a necromorph is a good thing?
later mario_pony
he is on a moon (station)
dead
all dead
OH HAI GAIS!
ok i have to go a friend is coming today cia everypony
so epic
bye
EEEE!
later Yellowquiet
PRESSSS EEEEEE
Bye, Yellowquiet
bye Yellowquiet
Bye
later Yellowquiet
now we can go bannanas!
i WUB you all <3
Slender Pony: Hai guys... Can I be in your movie too?
Is it a press and hold or keep pressing repeatedly?
and now you're screwed, royally
How did this happen?
I love this part. :D
lol
RUN!
and then everyone died
forest RUN!
hold on Issac!
this game is just one big middle finger to the player after another
Nom nom nom.
this would be so much mor epic if it didnt lag every 2 secons
you escape a helicopter, barely, and then theres this god awful monster waiting for you
Refresh.
RUN!
i hate this part
inb4 SB dies :P
And then the helicopter comes back
epic moment
oh look, helicopter is back
in vacum no sound how realistic ^^
Huge flaw right there.
Explosions dont do shit in space.
that's what we call a bad day.
how someone could have such mental fortitude to put up with something like this is just inhumanly possibl
MrWiggles: Exactly
mrwriggles, you are wrong
one second he was battling on the satalite
No other game gives you that bad to worse feeling every 5 mins, except DS 1
then he was in the room
Explosions have shockwaves.
what we jsut witnessed was a mass of gas rapidly expanding
indeed
SHOCKWAVE!
SHOCKWAVES DO STUFF
shockwave smockwave
:P
The sun is a miasma, of incandescent plasma....
EVEN MORE SO IN SPACE WHERE THEIR SPEED AND STRENGTH DOESN'T DECAY
i take it pony_6028 is from space?
:P
Ofc.
Dad, are you space?
now, if you'd blow up a nuke in space, THAT wouldn't do suqad. except death fo radiation and fried digital watches
Can't have enough spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa-
dat creepy music
Who lit all those candles?
The sun is one massive fission reaction (similar to H bomb)
Fusion?
uep Fusian reactor
yah sy
lol
i always make 2 saves
That why burning up all it's other elements and trying to fuse iron is such a big problem for a star.
so, what difficulty level is this on?
this part is hard
oh gawd, what are those?
Dat ITER
aw, i hate those wallclimbers
leapers
when star begin to fuse iron or other metal it blow up in supernova
they make like spiderpigs, except you DIE!
and that has a shockwave becasue it's a mass of gas, rapidly expanding
must be on easy, would have expected death by now
The difficulty seems embarrassingly low
but if you'd ignite c4 in space oyu wouldn't have a shockwave, because of no gas
For my first playthrough, i was on zealot
no dlc
well it would'nt be fun to watch if we had to sit through him dyinjg and reloading over and over
lol
Isn't it the most silly thing to have so much candles in space, where oxygen is limited?
i also played on medium on my first run. better fort he athmosphere
not if you plan to die
Another thing that they actually have way too much of: Space. In space, space on starships would be at an exhorbitant premium. These interiors are way too unrealistically big.
i hate this little things
when did the chat die?
these guys happiley stood in line to get cranium-raped by bats. you think they gonna mind such little problems as oxygen?
it's ironic that when you'r in space, Space is the most valuable thing.
.
they like banelings
Um... future? seriously
is the movie done >.<?
05oops
05wrong save
chat died when the drawing was done
Did I miss it >3<?
Did I miss anything ><"?
da fakk?
lol
05miss what?
Again
Again?
:P
the new episode
Yes you did
05yes
But it's on YT already
o m g
went on at 6am
I know :/
you are dead
i just hoped you died
apparantly
I watched it wednesday
lol i too
ah hm curious two rooms
hello Wrek ^_^
I watched it early
So I spoiled myself
05goan see how this goes
no DS?
Same
ooh Wrek wrek wrek are you doing a Doom stream again today?
05maybe after BMN
So wut is up with the Saturday Stream thing?
otay ^.^
05right now i want something different
you have skyrim?
you could play amnesia
that's different
stream says its offline, I should refresh?
or penumbra
who played scp 087
Refreshing
scary game)
I've heard of penumbra, supposed to be freakishly scary. Haven't played it myself
bak
05dinner soon anyways
Sad I missed it :(
penumra have interesting story but not so scary as amnesia
dinner? here it is only 12:43pm
Play DeadSpace :D
but csp is the scaryest thing ever
Hm nope still says 'This broadcast is offline' :C
deadspace not scary if you have a gun why you need to wory
What is scarier a slasher or an amnesia monster?
Well, it's 6:43pm were Wrek lives
amnesia
lol y
slasher
never played amnesia before
nope
or better yet lurker
Never watched toby play it
Might shit myself
what game is this?
DeadSpace 2
this?
erm
wut game
don make me laugh
take it we're done with deadspace?
hey guys.. any mods here?
sweetie belle is watching you...always...watching... http://a2.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/424204_2820768443678_1392930293_32533714_1538883088_n.jpg
this game what playing now
wait, deadspace is still on? then why do i see nights?
what game are you people talking about?
05cant promise much gameoplay before dinner
this
wow
Im not getting a stream
lol
and RAWRity, yes, we saw it already, quick trying to use nightmare fuel
Wrek: yay ^^ how r u. Busy day it has been!
Ingwaz: different image
Anyoen sees Off Air?
Heroes!
nope
/me is listening to princess addictia. wow
This is the end of Dead Space, because your character finally finds the medlab and does all of the drugs.
gimme link sticky >3<
is there a stream on or not?
RAWRity: i dont think people here are all that fond of nightmare fuel regardless
Oh my, heroes is looking good, I've only played 3 and 4
I've still got veemi for whatever reason, I refresh, it does nothing.
^
pony_3099: ok 1 sec
stream is offline?
heroes 6?
/me explodes
Blah I refreshed twice I restarted my browser still says the stream is offline
gimme gimme gimme :D
Stream is working
sad face
it says its offline when i refresh it
offline for me
^
dat topic for #BronyState :P
pony_3099: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwnitGUBDPw
hello
http://www.livestream.com/superbrony64
helo
anyone?
Whens the mutherfucking Mare-a-thon?
its over silly
You missed it hours ago Bronycon
link to 720p of today's episode?
FUCK
it was this morning before the new episode
is it weird that i have considered giving u guys my phone number just so i have peoe to talk to when not online?
I T WAS SUPPOSED TO BE ALL DAY
Brohoof: it's about...7 hours ago.
/me waves at ponygirl_82
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
nope it was supposed to be 7 episodes
It was a pretty good marathon as well.
ANY UK PONY HERE?
Hay RainbowJack!
ME
PonyGirl_82 9 actually
no replay of mare-a-thon?
stop allcaps or I will throw a shoe
BronyCon: no, it was supposed to be 9 episodes before the new episode.
Oh then 9 I didn't see them all
afk
vampires
for any UK ponies... there is a new BIG london meet.. at the excel center in may.
Oh my, I need to get this new heroes, it looks epic
let me know if ur intrested
what stream is the stream on?
LS?
livestream.com/superbrony64
i need to wait 1 hour
Thaaank you
get a smartphone, get an IRC client
purple porcupines are the will of god
whoops, wrong channel
lolwut
Sticky, Me, ScootaChicken SundaySmile, Globetrotter alexmm and a few others are all British ponies
that sounds weird without context
...so then my dad shot her. it was weird.
DAMMIT wrong channel again.
What.
hiya RAWRity
bbs in 10 minutes going to try restarting my modem again
um
RAWRity: Your wrong channel messages are SO random ^^
it does tend to load badly around this time of day
bbs!
hey guys I'm back
damn computer... why wont you let livestream play...? I wanna watch Wrek play my gift...
I come back to a dead chat
Hey otakon
*phew*
It's kinda slow now, yeah.
went to eat breakfast
I'm thinking of fixing brunch before Euroshow
Is he supposed to be drawing right now?
I dont think so?
He's playing Heroes of might and magic right now
^
Yay! LS started working!
/me refreshes
http://www.livestream.com/superbrony64
05oh well
05gona eat dinner now
05back later
or I could click the wrong thing...
refreshed. still nothing
enjoy ^_^
Enjoy Wrek
Midnight_Fire http://www.livestream.com/superbrony64
but it is just reruns of SB's stuff atm
thanks
05might play more heroes later tonight after BMN
Valentines gifts for all ^^ http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-qaf9v649wtQ/TVNBbEieXtI/AAAAAAAAAo8/jCuTncPoMPU/s640/valentineschocolates.png
No stream! Curses.
Aren't those from last year?
JJ is streaming right now, for those interested.
yh
"A punk rock song won't ever change the world! But I can think of a few that changed me."
he just ended it
hey
you feel like looking at Shy's stream?
JJ is streaming? Where is that?
I can pm you the address
sure, thanks you
thank*
Also who is JJ?
http://www.livestream.com/jjartchannel
i believe jj is John Joseco
:o
but it's kind of random atm
...
yes
I tihnk I'm safer over in this stream
I've always called him JJ
Everyone had a good day then?
so far for US?
yh
but I missed the WHOLE mare-a-thon
Got no complaints
and the new ep
good episode.
but I already SAW it
i know...
i dont like the way they released it early
otakon: new ep was fun. I was finally able to post memes in real time!
XD
lol
FINALLY!
omg
YES
OYUS!
HELL YEAH!
StickySyrup: well, it's not hasbro's fault that iTunes hired Derpy to post new episodes.
and the Bronys celebrated!!!
white celecst :D
lol
now to hope they start shipping the good stuff to the UK
RAWRity: yeah lol
thats was a good one RAWRIty
unfoundbug: you going to the MASSIVE brony UK meet?
in may
i just loved the new epi
in april?
its to cute epi
White Celestia? Buck yeah!
1 sec il send u a link
now, if Only FLuttershy could get her own mold for the Blind Bags...
Oh, it's got those ugly wings
So what's everyone up to?
unfoundbug: http://ukofequestria.co.uk/threads/london-mcm-may.71/
poor big mac being matched whir Cheerilee
Did somebody say white Celestia toy? o.o
Kazahana: hell yeah
looks so much better
Kazahana: eeyup. It's finally happening.
hmmm may should be good
Link that shi-
inb4 it's actually Hasbro trolling us, and the white celestia is actually supposed to be Luna's toy.
oooh thats the week after i finish uni
05nothign on stream?
i SHOULD be able to make that meet
though will be first one
any idea on numbers?
or what MCm is?
I would so buy the white fire twilight
mcm is excel center
also: Vinyl Scratch is getting her own Brushable
Never mind the white Celestia. There's now a VINYL SCRATCH toy
Wrek : Nope
1,3I hear music, see black screen
https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/424247_381668998517210_118429394841173_1690237_355485671_n.jpg
WAIT WHAT
purple screen now
Awesome Midnight_Fire
OH SNAP
unfoundbug: basically... around 200 people... in excel center in london
Show-accurate, large scaled Celestia/Luna PVC figures.
:D
cool, though first meet + first time in london
gonna be an interesting weekend
also NMM toy :d
Looks like Trixie might be there too
inb4 the Vinyl toys name is something ridiculous that we all ignore.
unfoundbug: its easy to get to .... just in london docklands. The excel center is MASSIVE
Trixie!? :|
So I found the perfect thing for a brohoof. Ω Enjoy.
eeyup, looks to be a Trixie Brushable, minus the hat and cape
Isn't DJ Pon-3 canon?
I hate brushables, but I might have to make an exception
RAWRity: they called vinyl DJ PON-3
Are they for sale now in the us?
RAWRity not like there wont be many many guides on how to make them if they dont get included
you can get vinyl!
holy shit
this is big
Not released yet
Krakass: just in that extended Equestria Girls ad.
New Mickey D's toys
Gotcha.
05this song
;)
05then im off and wont be back untill after BMN
are they being sold in the us because I hate when they leave countries out
frozen stream?
laggy
HOLY, rooms be expensive
dat Gilmour
Well, they're not being sold anywhere atm, not until after the 2012 toy expo.
i cant stop laughting at the part where sweetie bell goes "OH COME ON!!"
There's a Zecora toy? (Someone said so on another stream)
Kazahana: eeyup
Eeyup.
yes, Zecora is there too
Oh shi-
Kazahana: http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/02/celestia-is-finally-white.html
Jelly
https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/424247_381668998517210_118429394841173_1690237_355485671_n.jpg
it seems Zecora, Trixie, and Vinyl are getting brushable toys
Zecora also glows in the dark.
and we get a White Celestia
yeah... they going to get RICH
RawketLawnchair: because that's what zebra do, right?
05lag sorted
*zebras
-.-
nearly
wait..
I need to refresh EqD more, lol.
yep.. no lag for me
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-oh-most-wonderful-of-nights.png
XD
so true
Cewestia! :3
I nwonder if there is more they aren't showing us
only 45 mins
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-actually-not-ok.png
heh
Heh...
The doctor is timey wimey, splashy wobbly
05and now
05I GO
no more stream for me!
Nightmare Moon too, that's way cool
AWWW
And DJ PON-3
1,3see you later Wrek
Wild
byebye Wrek
bye Wrek
bye wrek
inb4 There's a Derpy brushable and people flip their shit.
bye Wrek
have fun at the thing at the place Wrek!
RAWRity, what?
have a good week
A derpy brushable? Shut up and take my money
wow, going to that meet would cost me over £300 in travel and accom, dont think id be able to make it
Cheerilee X Doctor Whoove?
lololol Jim
Who knows.
Dun.
WAAA!
unfoundbug: well, you could find a fellow brony to share the room costs with.
Well, I'ma gonna go play some Star trek online for a while. see you later everypony.
that's what people at cons usually do.
eeyup
↕♫♫♫ Anypony who can make a music symbol here? :)
Ninja vanish no-justsu! *Smoke bomb*
05♫♫♫
:D
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-new-episode.jpg
every saturday ^
So darn true
♫♫♫
wow
05http://i.imgur.com/zutGw.png
Newfags can't music symbol
0,5HOORAY
×
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2735/
I noticed that face
Kazahana: we prefer to use the term Newfoals instead.
Fade into darkness....█▓▒░
↕♫♫♫
Newfags can ctrl c / v
:p
That's a good one
c / http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdZ1va0AQYc
um what did i just do ?
lol
wow
The stream during the episode nearly reached 2,500, is it usually that crowded or even moreso?
1,3lol
hey, Everypony!
that video o_O
ohai JamesIsABrony
Hey James
Kazahana even more so
usually it's way higher Kazahana.
Rad
Is the stream up?
◄▲_▲► It's a black screen :(
nearly double that last week Kazahana
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-doctor-whooves-and-derpy-is-best-couple.jpg
that s
u
c
k
s
are there wordfilters here
fuck goddamn shit asshole rape
13oh look, spam
^This
RAWRity: Mind = Blown
Haha
I can't imagine what the chat is like when it's THAT many people, lol. Today the chat was going by like the belt for a machinegun at half the numbers.
andthatshowequestria watch your language please
aight I will sorry
Kazahana: you know that Derpy reaction vid from The Last Roundup? THAT WAS JUST THE PINKIE PIE ROOM.
When season 2 episode 14 where on we had 8000 people here
imagine that, times 20
rape isnt a bad word, I believe
The AJ room is usually the emptiest and most chill. Not these last dfew weeks tohguh
now, IMAGINE TRYING TO MODERATE THAT
SO AWESOME! /)^3^(\
well see you all later :P kthnxbai
┻━┻ ︵ヽ(`Д´)ﾉ︵ ┻━┻
Just curious, what's palying in 36 minutes?
table flipping champ
I guess I should be thanking Princess Cadence for brining us Whitelestia.
wow
that's impressive
Nice!
I guess Hasbro doesn't want to deal with 2 pink alicorn princesses
I haven't seen either in years
0,5Yay modes
>_<
For those who havny seen it, 1080p new episode link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ox3MeeQ4Hys&hd=1
ponygirl are you back yet?
There should a comic where Princess Celestia make an announcement saying she's white.
suddenly modes
1,3*waves hand* these aren't the modes you're looking for
damnit was about to do that
la la la la la lalalala la la la
1,3:p
thought it was +i for invite only
1,3+i is
and +b?
YES!
+b is ban
Rooftop Run FTW!
Stream can't keep up! BLAST PROCESSING!
30 MINUTES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Eeyup.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5MVgreWeEek another
1330 bangs?
yaay~ just got 30 dollars gona go see chronicle for like the 20th time!!!
blah
YES! That movie is great
I was quite suprised
thiss vid hurts my eyes
/me IS JUST SOOOO HAPPY
I don't understand, I've refreshed, I've restarted my browser, I've restarted my modem I've cleared my cache....... the stream is still not working T^T
i don't know why?
me too o.o
You could always just go to the livestream itself, that's what I did when I had the same problem, PonyGirl_82
1,3nobody is streaming atm
listening to dubcakes!!
sugarrush!!!
OMGOMGOMGOGMOMGOMGOMG
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tJLL-DNu3P4
epic cupcake time
-.-
T^T
34 mins till stream@@@
pinkie pie voice: flawless victory
1,3loop this for half an hour, you'll feel like SB is right there with you: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdZ1va0AQYc
13inb4 that's the lala song
/me is watching dumb Moonbase Alpha videos.
1,3>.>
13eeeyup
twi makes that first video super awesome
lol
oh my god
what the hell is that
13fleur~ i mean rain~
1,3a distraction
kirzstryfe: that's what i'm watching right now!!!!
I get a ping for either Shizuka <3
make sure to watch epic pie time too
I think I just wet my pants
la la la la lalalalala lalala lala laaaa
No spam^^
whats playin first?
sorry~
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tomkGe1SJOo&feature=related
So what's everyone up to? Anything interesting? Lol.
enope
just watching Shy's livestream atm
/me noms on otakon's foot
Shizuka!
Indeed. I'm in JJ's.
/me hugs Shizuka and kicks off kirzstryfe
Laundry, makin steak for nomns
STOP NOMMING MY FOOT!
1,3nom nom nom
13so tired
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxAJqvslV7M&feature=fvwp language warning
whos on second
Oh god
Not more .movs
ok
Anyone know if Bronystate accepts donations to keep the stream going?
Shizuka: catch a nap before the euroshow
Hey
Alrighty
oh crap
nvm
it's already 1:43
1,3hey
13otakon i had been sleeping... just so tired
Hey.
18 min left..
awww Shizuka you poor thing
1,3Shizuka stayed up too late partying last night
13partying...
no
13riiiiight..
coding
she's like Twi
13nope, that was done at aboue 1
very studious
/me needs a brohoof.....
*brohoof*
pony should pony pony
*brohoof
13did not get to sleep until i nearly crashed at 5:30
13the answer is obviously ponies
ow haai erik
The answer to everything is ponies.
18 minutes befire fun
cant wait
eyyup
Hello, all of the local herd.
And not-so-local.
/me is testing the me function
excellent
Hi~ Everyone :)
Bad day? Ponies. Sick? Ponies. Bored? Ponies.
hello Kencolt!!!!
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT and Kencolt
hello TheGreatAndPowerfulT!!!!
Stuck in hospital without a copy of Daring Do? ...I don't know how you're going to watch ponies, but, ponies.
wanna fap? ponies
Hi~ Hi~ how is everyone ?:)
For the plot.
18 minutes
whats playin first?
Hey
/me got some brohoofs
/me hugs Jim and mario_pony
hi
fap mac fappington here
Wanna fap? ponies
Offline
whos on 2nd
DAMNIT
xD
Hey there
where is the stream?
I'm not a pony-porn kind of girl :)
heres an old man litmus test
I'm in it for the friendship.
me niether, im just here to troll
whats your earliest memory of that joke
neither*
Fair enough.
fap mac fappington here, wanna fap?
pony_568: Best troll I've seen all day
Is it just me or is there no steam >.<
um
Currently no
waht?
strem*
My troll senses are tingeling
and hi Kencolt
Euro stream is in 15 minutes.
thanks
While rewatching the episode, I realized that they remembered Twist's cutie mark.
1,3*15m until movie night starts
your's too Jim ?
12 exctually
Woops, forgot something. I'll be right back.
1,3eeeew, dari is nekkid
STILL No stream
wat
Lawl
I'm Fap mc. Fappington. Nice to meet you! Wanna fap? ponies
what excactly is happening in 15 mins?
ep. 17
It's been hours. I've refreshed so many times
Someone get that kid out of here
Now I'm dressing in style kirzstryfe
right?
1,3o.O
Good, just woke up from a nap
ep 17 is the best
Jim. Ignore him
1,3euro movie night starts in 15
Dismo theres no stream.
eyyup
Y u no like fap mc fappington?
He wants a ban or any other responce.
Fap is best pony.
?
You're right, best to ignore him
inded
i saw the movies last night :p
stayed up till midnight
Fap fap fap, fap fap fap, fapperdafap fap fap mcfappington
cool
Yeah I just took the pony personality test and I'm Rarity. That's cool, because she's my second favorite pony.
dahell?
ohmyword twilight u so sexay
anyone know what programm drawer used when he drawed cheerliee and mac?
the whos on firtst whats on second gag, whats the first instance of you hearing that
11 mre min.
I actually haven't seen the new ep-- I woke up fopr some reason at 5, watched here for a couple of hours, went back to bed, and just rewoke. Semi-retired has certain perks.
AI
well i'm split between twilight and fluttershy
10,02Ohai
11 more* min.
ohai SB
the rest i stay the f away from
13dat.... dat sb.... guy...
hiya SuperBrony64!
hey SuperBrony64
3Hai SB :3
adobe illustrator?
room is very...empty
10,02Dat everypony else dat isn't me O___o
Kencolt: it's on YT now
My favorite pony is Twilight
Hi! I'm Fap mc Fappington! wanna fap? ponies
That troll made me realize I haven't seen Bjornfot in a while.
I've got my pony personality test saved here somewhere, I'll show you it if you want
hello there lol
Who'ss streaming now? Also, I'm back again
Yes.
im not gonna be here for long just waiting for my iron man 2 movie to load a bit so i can watch that, never seen it :(
lol you might want to change your nick
nope
i like when this thing *ding*
lol
yes...
yep
:)
TOY_PON3: i'm rarity too, i'm sad i wanted twi
Main discussions are always in bronystate room.
:(
|o|
/me tackle-glomps SB
lol: People will more likely respond if you've got a real nick.
My results: http://imgur.com/rhaqi
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Rarity is awesome though
ok i will
:$
Fap fap fap, fapp fapppp fapppppppppppppp *cums all over Twilight's horn*
.........
LIke Xbrony360
10,02Alright stream is going live---
nopony?
/me is glomped O__O
HELLO TOY_PON311
Aaaand kick
10,02Ohai kirzstryfe :3
is it weird that im just between fluttershy and twilight i mean no other one's were anywhere near
1,3about time *cracks that whip*
When it was streaming the mare-a-thon all the chats were screaming
Yay Airplane!
kirzstryfe: O U
fap
Tobibrocki: Ignore it.
Yeah. Because ponies.
who awnts to fap
No, I'm RD, Rarity and Twilight. In other words, I have no idea
10,02Do you all see a stream?
5 hous of pony o.O
TOY_PON3: Ignore him.
Top Secret was made by the same guys as Airplane if I'm not mistaken
oh internet fught song ?
Fucking troll..
yep
10,02Should be all on Veemi
IM NO TROLL IM HERE TO FAP ON PONIES.
I wasn't surprised when I saw Luna's ep. as #1
I don't see anything SB
1,3inb4 SB broke the stream
Dat tream.
Stream as well.
10,02Refresh page/clear cache for Veemi embed
I liked lesson zero the most, suprised it wasn't in the top 5
K
bonjour everypony
Fapzy fapzy time!
10,02Ohai
See ya pankreas
Fap now fap now quick its time to cum right now, fap now fap quick its time to fap in bed
just ignore him TOY_PON3 :)
Hello
SuperBrony64: plese kick him!
i've got a question which had come to my mind
Do you think they will ever make another episode with trixie in it?
The answer is 42.
*please
Too late mario_pony
YOOOOOoooo
eeeeyuuuuup
oh thank god.
my tea is ready, i'm all set :)
50% of the Ponys who walk on the ground wear sharp horns right at eye level
:3
how does it come that they aren't stabbing each others eyey in accident?
hope you slept well Lucid
eyess
-s
So many users that I need to add the ignore list.
wait did i write that right.. ._.
damn my bad english
...Am I on the list?
Magic
test
there we go
am i on the list Tovler?
Yes you wrote that writ right.
wait. who's tyteen4a03?
nobody likes Deadlyderpy3 :(
i'm on the list Tovler ?:)
oh god no ><
/me hugs DeadlyDerp3
pankreas: Well... we always fing around with our fingers and rarely poke out an eye out with them. I guess its just part of knowing how to handle your own body
No hugs shall fix this...only
/me holds up hoove
A threesome BROHOOF!
(\
ohai Ictiv
Would be cool if they did.
ohh good some times i mix up my times and some other stuff
Just like in the episode
no, just the 2 fapp guys that just signed in.
Two?
but our fingers aren't fixed at eye-level, rare
/me is awed by the glorious oportunity to pay his worships to Leslie Nielsen
/me still holding it
/me is worshipped
But I don't really know if they will.
Ponies don't do this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NGVSIkEi3mM&feature=player_embedded
/me takes off (magic) fedora, and lays magic staff on the ground as he bows deep before The GhostOfLeslieNielson.
pankreas: True. I just guess that you learn how to handle your horn when you are a unicorn since you are used to have it for all your life
Tetencalino! GOD!
OH GODQ!
/me 's ego is fed
GBLBLBLBLBLBLBLLB
Murrrnapples :3
10,02Alright, Welcome everypony to Brony Movie Night EuroStream
13yay euroshow
3:3 this will be fun
10,02Normally, EuroStream is a restream of the Friday BMN...
Why is channel still muted? O_o
10,02lol I /JUST/ muted it
13shh he ist speaking
Oh
dead stream is dead, i thinks its time for some bf3
3announcements...
10,02Anyway
Hm...
Is everyone in BronyState?
10,02Today is going to be different
maybe
I guess so
13uh oh... CHANGE
(I usually close it's tab due to unfollowable spam)
I'd love another Luna episode though.
10,02We're going to have a special stream right after the intermission
Mostly, till we got muted.
0,5SHANGE
Muted?
there's +m there now
Ah
0,5Wait, were in a +m? Why?
And I'm here. With pizza.
13because announcements you silly filly
10,02An interview with 'Babble with Bronies!'
GHLGLBLBLBBLBLBLL
/me pulls fedora onto eyes.
Allrighty-o then.
0,5I wonder if they like bacon
GOTTA eat cereal...
who or what is Babble with Bronies?
10,02So we hope you enjoy some of our Mods TALKING LIVE about what we do and answering questions, etc, etc.
So are they gonna show the new episode after the B movie?
This is what I've found http://www.livestream.com/babblewithbronies
/me drools.
/me puts one hand to mouth and unleashes the Royal Counterlot Call for Battle
I got some chinese ordered and they better hurry thier plot up
TOY_PON3 probably
10,02Anyway, we hope you enjoy the show! Time for the show!
3dat kick
This shall be interesting..
I'm sure they don't know the importance of ponies
bacon is kewl
3you can speak silly fillies
hiya GhostOfLeslieNielson aka Ish
3...2...1...
so an interview LIVE?
Now, to watch this movie sober.
yay
Maybe they do, maybe they're not going to give me my food because they are watching PONIES
it begins
Hmmm. it seems there's 5 secs left
Twi room is Deeeeead
/me hugz and nomz otakon
23 hours 59 minutes!
am i gonna get kicked for talking?
hey, wats streaming?
Ho Ho Ho! Merry Movie Night everybody!
damn im gonna miss the interview
/me hugs GhostOfLeslieNielson "Don't nom me"
refresh it guys
hiya FeArLeSs_0117 , its AIRPLANE!
soon
mario_pony course not silly filly
yea
2 minutes
Which one is the one with the red nose?
/me nomz otakon anyway
I did. It's just funny.
The one that's been drinking
Leslie Nielson is here?
rudolph ?
oh yes!
Pegacorn yes aka IshBestPony
Hi everyone!
Howdy, Skillet.
i dont see anything
We're getting a powerful opening. It is obvious that some serious tears will be shed during this epic drama
Will there be any more pony steams till next weekend?
Dat voice clip
Are we allowed to do mst2king? I'm new to this.
bam denied
dat arguement
I meant mst3king.
3This movie is so Silleh!
I'll brb need a drink
3Fillies :3
why is the video playing Airplane?
that brick joke
3So
3Silly
chat is quiet today
It is quite silly SlurryMoon
/me hugs GhostOfLeslieNielson back
13dat mass ping
Hi GhostOfLeslieNielson
3Massive hug!
/me hugs GhostOfLeslieNielson
/me huggles GhostOfLeslieNielson
0,5EPIC HUG TIME
group hugz
/me hugs back GhostOfLeslieNielson
3Inorite?
GhostOfLeslieNielson: You learned well
I'm proud
1,3we show 2 episodes, one at the end of each movie, then re-air the new episode at the end of the night
This is a very serious movie. I'm too busy watching it to chat.
Dat romance
SlurryMoon you're silly as well
when comes the new soap of My Little Pony?
3:3
her eyes match her suit
No RESPECT
lol
epic fail
ALL I'M ASKIN
lol tovler
pinkie?
:D
any body else gettin lag?
i want ponies
fail acting
jim phelps!
swag
6_9
dat whacking material
IS FOR A LITTLE RESPECT WHEN YOU GET HOME
05today is quiet
R-E-S-P-E-C-T! Find out what it means to me!
Ello :)
4th wall
lol
05too quiet
was that a pinkie pie reference?
dat whacking material
Wrek: I know right?
10,02O___O
maube a pinkamina?
lol
Wrek: The other 6 rooms are open, Tis why.
not that phone you bastard!
dat white phone
ooo
1,3stream is running
:3
new episode not bad
Dr. Brony?
05they are always open dismo
yeah. I'm still in Twilight Sparkle channel
haa is good to be able to fist my little vrony with out worring about spoilers
lol dat heart
Ummmmmm
05shouldnt make a difference
what a stypid cpt
Dr. Brony?
Dr. Brony is best brony
pony_2664, new soap?
looks healthy
heart beating turkey
visit*
DERPDERPDERPDERP: Brody* he's on a quest
LOOK AT ALL DOS DRUGS!
Mayo Jars
people find this stuff funny?
wtf
boing
:( banned from mane 6 channels?
HEARTH?
Mayo Clinic...
the turkey is a heart
dat heart
Wrek: Nooo ._. I thought they are closed and only open on the weekends npw
now*
ba dum tsh
WHERE IS THE STREAM?
HAM!!!
I see what you did there...
Tarku: No channels are just shut down now days
CALL THE AMBERLAMPS
amazing
my good, just how bad is my grammar ._.
refresh
dat heart ...
only up on Pony Streams
I'm not late I'm not late I'm....late. Damnit. Evening everypony.
FLorence: Have you tried reloading?
05Florence, please refresh and see if that helps
ishipinkiederp: Smosh?
plane crashed in terminal
Evening Meanwhile.
each suterday is one more episode of MLP?
ohai Meanwhile
Afternoon, Meanwhile
Evening Meanwile
hey Meanwhile
Is anyone else lagging, or is it my stupid PC?
I'm not lagging
Allo regulars room, you alive?
my dad's friend works at Boeing
its your PC
Bye every pony!
/me pokes Meanwhile
Im not lagging Muffins
hugz everypony in the chat who isn't new here
Sorta
ohai :)
It's a little stuttery, frame rate wise, but not freezing.
/me hugz everypony in the chat who isn't new here
Jim, Jim everywhere.
bye some_lol
My Mac never lags unless it's Friday
/me hugs GhostOfLeslieNielson and noms on mane
My stream is fine.
:3
PAWNCH
/me hugs back
WHERE ARE THE PONIES OP?
13my regulars are DEAAAAAAAAAD
Bonk.
Dat punch
Falcon Punch!
dat STRYKE PAWNCH!
1,3movie-pony-intermission-movie-pony-new pony
dat punch in da face
Oh hai Meanwhile
hi
owned
Cross Counter!
so we are zombies now ?
Bam Zoom Right in the kisser
all of you europe bronies
take dat Religious Consciousnous
1,3movie night
no
right
dat windex
More like, comatose.
then we'd be UNDEAD
:3
dat bumper
pop dat trunk
Well,seeya y'all.Movie's bugging up too much.
OOOH YAY
err hood
Nom nom nom love home fries
:O
*YEAH
lol
??
dat fall
Or perhaps it's like we got hit bya car at night and nobody found us yet.
I meant to say yeah
0,5YOUR regulars?
I love that this movie is the origin of so many lines and references used even today.
bai Pegacron *I'm IshBestPony*
well LC
0,5OUR regulars
Hello everypony, what movie are we watching?
it's not yours anymore that's for sure
Well, then it means that there are ponies in the afterlife, and then I'm happy
whoa, old credit card swipe
And the movie is not dated.
dat but
Hey, it's Histerium, in the background.
/me mind is blown
dat US News
Somepony needs to make a Rayman pony.
i dont kno it looks boring
Airplane Princess_Luna
13MEIN
With the Charge-a-Plate
In honesty LC we're basically yours.
13ALL MEIN
it's funny
LordCelestia: It's IR REGULARS!
mine is lagging so much
poni poni should poni
give it a moment
dat ancient computer
refresh
its Airplane. its hilarious
But Shizuka is attempting to cease power in a hostile takeover.
10,02Lawl, smoking
OK, I'll watch it in a second, I have things to check up on...I'll still technically be here though.
XD
dat smoking
Should be fun.
but
lol
:D
lol
Dohoho
Ha puns
smoking lol
Frankly, the leader of a nation should know more about military
flashback!
smoking ticket
woot!
Theinconsequential http://forum.ponyville.net/uploads/gallery/album_26/gallery_269_26_191096.png
I for one welcome our new Shizuka overload
cease, sease? ceeeasssse. seize!
13izurs
The decision is mines
In which war did he fight?
Seize
That's the word.
dat decision
looks like WW2
Planes, why did it have to be planes. I hate planes.
Rare, I haz no idea
I knew it was something with an e in it.
Rare: WW1 I guess?
1,3you can make pretty much any comments you want as long as you follow the rules and don't post any spoilers
13allowed? it's expected!
XD
black translater?
dat racism
10,02Dat translation.
dat jive
me gusta
:[
It's ok everypny I speak jive
no.
Hello.
smack em yack em
Golly!
x
I'M TIRED OF THESE MOTHEREFFING SNAKES ON THIS MOTHEREFFING PLANE!
Cut me some slack!
.
golly
Thats better I finally got the stream up
yes
I missed the beggining NOOO
Looks like one of the WWs, but he seems too young for that, considering the computers and stuff
had to update Firefox
averagetoaster: IKR.
and then a Llama appeared
dat romantic music
Yes, I did!
Spanish
f
El no a you smoko
This was of the first films to say, "Buck it-- let's offend everybody we can equally!"
It's WW2
i don't understand what they said, this isn't english i guess ...
dat translation
if only we had some wise cracking robot friends
10,02Muffins: O U :3
Its Jive
well
there's Shizuka
13i am too sleepy to effect revolution
lol
in here, LordCelestia?
but it's only her voice
Dat joke
lmao
dat patient
0,5Yes, in here
Viva la revolution...tommorow.
10,02Dem seat belts
Ugh... kids.
she's not REALLY a robot
dat dat jokes
uh.... this isn't going to go good eh?
hello ponygirl
Aw dammit I finally get the stream up and Rainbowjack leaves again U_U
dat IV
i guess she will do
:'(
dat drama
All of these chatrooms seem to be quiet. I was going though the 6 and this is the first one where anyone was talking. That's probably because people are watching a movie... lol
10,02flutter_spin: You kidding? This is a great movie
which movie are we on?
:'(
yh
Conductor???
:(
this reminds me of how i hate drips
so.... BEAUTIFUL <3
l
10,02Airplane
No, really, I have never seen this before.
This movie is hilarious
all abord thePLANE
Train ?
mostly everyone heads into #bronystate
I tried explaining to him I was having stream issues and needed to update my browser but I guess he took it personally :C
This is so romantic..
for stuff like this
shut up and have sex already
Sonic: he's so fast that he makes the stream lag
NOOOOOOOOOO
uh oh
laaag
Dat train sounds
This is the best comedy ever, even better than National Lampoon
Hahahaha
no
Dem engines
dat train plane
LMAO
crash!
that train sound
lol
ouch
tchouuu tchouuuuu
I don't know about "best ever"... but it's pretty awesome.
Monty Python and the Holy Grail
hey SuperBrony64 whens movies starting?
This is a great movie.
I woke up late @_@
i <3 you .... RD
is better
its alright it doesnt work!
Bam
lol
or are we not haveing that today?
oh this joke
it's alright it doesn't work <3
i gunna leave, this is ridiculous lag.
Hey Dashie_Dashie
agreed
roger roger
What's our vector, Victor.
dat vector 324
Take care of yourself and stop running into standing pieces of metal.
and I'm lagging a bit
10,02They've already started
lol
3rd base!
dat confusion
Who's on first.
hm...brb then
10,02Make sure to refresh the page so that you see Veemi
Refresh it, unless you have a slow isp.
i thought this would be a action movie... DERP
why am i watching an airplane flying...
That's right.
dat stewardess
Boy you grabbed the wrong end of the wrong stick in the wrong country Rainbovv_Dash
we haz clearence Clarence
potatochips, because you can
fat tie!
why are you watching a toy planed ?
I'm contagious! GET AWAY!
That should fix it.
XD
Dat nun
lol
Nun's Life
Did i miss ponies D:?
lolz
XD
lol nun's life
lol
According to this movie's logic: Best tactic to make sure your kid doesn't join the Military, name him Roger
dat propeller sound.
Obscure trivia: The actual base plot of this film is that of "Zero Hour", and 50's flick which was dead serious. THis is... otherwise.
Surfin nuns.
nun's life?
boy's life
hah
nuns life and boys life, missed that one yesterday
10,02BMN EuroStream has started. The current embed should be: Veemi. If you are not seeing this embed, please refresh the page or clear you cache. Thanks, enjoy the show!
dat leaflet
10,02BMN EuroStream has started. The current embed should be: Veemi. If you are not seeing this embed, please refresh the page or clear you cache. Thanks, enjoy the show!
LOL
lol
10,02BMN EuroStream has started. The current embed should be: Veemi. If you are not seeing this embed, please refresh the page or clear you cache. Thanks, enjoy the show!
Sandy Kofax
dat romance <3
What show is this
Potatochips you look delicious
A nun's life is dull and filled with sin.
Hat: Airplnae
:D
I thought this film was a parody of "Airport"
ugh. Too much romance.
i know you want me
10,02BMN EuroStream has started. The current embed should be: Veemi. If you are not seeing this embed, please refresh the page or clear you cache. Thanks, enjoy the show!
Airplane
Hat, it's called Airplane!
Thanks
It's an oxymoron, basically.
I haven't seen this!
10,02BMN EuroStream has started. The current embed should be: Veemi. If you are not seeing this embed, please refresh the page or clear you cache. Thanks, enjoy the show!
:O
me either
It kind of is, of Airport 77.
Hey Guys :p
lol
...I'm kinda sad right now
The?
GhostOfLeslieNielson: :I To much man. TO much
dat elderly woman
/me feels bad for the ponies who haven't seen this movie :(
Just like him
Y
:D bitch please, i can fly a sonic boom
:3
Are we going to watch the new episode later? I woke up late ;_;
Potatochips I'll take you and EAT YOU!!!
No.. the plot of Airport was susbtantially different. It's "Zero Hour", as ZAZ later confirmed.
Old lady is creepy.
How about me? I might be old...
stream derping worse than yesterday
POTATOCHIPS NO CUSSING!!!! :O
What happened with Fluttershy?
I love this movie
ponies please*
dat bar
bitch i'm trying to read this leaflet
Potatochips cuss?
Dismo what do you mean?
I hate the lag
testing 1 2 5
dat bomb
Huh. I never knew that. Not that I ever actually saw Airport.
Dat sexy
dat but
what
Tromboner.
ahhhh
She stopped modding, Idk what that notice is about though.
dat Youtube
Woah
Dafuq
O_o
XD
Neat
Lagging here too, I think it's Veemi's problem
wtf
Dat youtube
...
dat youtube poniez
0,5Dont worry about it
Oh god!
Girlscouts are hardcore
I love this movie, but hate the lag
yh
lol
dat kill
oh shit's about to get real
dat fight
bitchfight
CAT FIGHT!
Girl Scouts are tough, yah.
Girl scouts!
ME-OW
ouch!
the hell is going on?
Um what
0,5Just cleaning up the channels flags and such
h
Ah she stopped
dat panty
okay then
and not one fuck was given
AWWWW YEAH
:3
/me noms on Potatochips
:O
badass girlscouts
Reminds me of Family Guy for some reason
lol AIRPLANE!!!
perfect time for me to refresh :S
damn it so much lag all of a sudden
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
CAT FIGHT
fight fight fight
:S
dat timing
There's a room that supposedly gives out insta and permanet network bans
/me hugs TOY_PON3
My Samoas!!! NOOOO
otakon: for once it isn't just you and your connection routed through a toaster.
dat disco
dat music
dat stayin alive
DANCE
instant staying alive
/me dances
this is my jam
13and cue adam jensen beating everypony up
For a moment I thought she might have gone there
:P:P:P:P
lol
not a single fuck is being given
dance time
that doesn't look like a kitchen to me
And now, get cho' disco on.
dat dancing
Dancing time
lol
:}
LOL. So random.
/me disco dances
:P
LAG!
Nana
/me tries to dance to disco
/me grooves.
Nopony can beat the dancing
Meanwhile: you and your toaster joke, what happened to the gerbil?
DAT DISCO
6_9
Lala
/me dances
O_O WTF!
WHY IM DANCING?!
What, where is Pinkie Pie?
It's about to get randomer.
AH AH AH AH STAYING ALIVE
/me crosses arms.
/me dances
I've been writing new material.
I can't do The Fonz to this
Needs more party canon
._.
:O
/me has nightfever
ah ah ah ah staying allliiiiiivvvvvveeeee!
@ what
XD this movie is hilarious! :D
@hwta
OOOoo
/me dances
SPY
lol
backstab
dat back stab
lol
dat stabing
You can see the protection on his back :P
*Spychecks*
dat fail dancing
1. Girl Scout bar fight 2. Disco dancing 3. ??? 4. Profit, because they sold this movie and made money.
Just keep dancing!
JUST GONNA DANCE
AND FALL
STAYING ALIVE
That guy didn't...Stay alive...
lol
Happy wheels?
Ironic much
And watch closely, you will see the guy replace his stunt double on the flip
YEAHHHHHHHH
/me dances
I can't believe there's a DJ pony toy
If only all disco dancers were stabbed.
Ha-ha-ha
Dat hat return
continues to dance ...
dat sound effect
nice
first base
http://iambrony.jsmart.web.id/gif/files/96034%20-%20animated%20artist-the-sweet-queen%20dancing%20gif%20party_hard%20tongue%20twilight_sparkle.gif?1328632739
I was just about to say that Potatochips
lol
Hat: There's a DJ Pony of me?
Randomnerd U Mad
You cannot stop the power of disco.
ohai
Hat: DJ pony toy...is it Vinyl?
dat cartoon noise
It was a hatarang.
Disco is awesome
I am DJ Pony?! :O
Check EqD, it's a picture of brushable Vinyl
U damn rite I mad
All we need is a Derpy toy now...
pinkie says its dance time!
random suit
that bee shirt
Pankreas: Awesome
fatahatarang, fatahatarang, hatarang.
I know I always wear a disco outfit under my clothes.
Celestia's also white now
he's strong
Yay
PHYSICS
lol
Hello, I have returned.
I can see how the place was worse then Detroit.
Nice catch.
/me is a toy
how do you change your nickname?!
Screw you gravity !
PONY PHYSICS FROM PINKIEPIE
Dat spinny
Watch closely
I'm embarassed to be listening to this XD
ishippinkiederp: /nick namegoeshere
There is the guy
ishippinkiederp: Type /nick yournewnick
oops
dat flip
dat fog
Now replacing the stunt double
Hello, I am Alarmed_Llama.
Ptchow
lol
/me pelvic thrusts
dat dancing
well, im out until something more normal comes on
cya
hi
he got swag
hello i am Ginger Duck
ok i think it worked
disco stu
um
what a twist !
dat invisible wire!
testing 1 2 5
later LunarKing
Hello Alarmed_Llama, I believe you know who I am...
nope
mfw Ponies are normal
he dances almost as good as twilight sparkle
moo
almost*
Easy
NO dances that good
Dudes got the moves.
did it works?
NO
70% of all World of Warcraft Dances right here
girlfight
dat ball
moves like jagger...
slow dance time
Blasphemy twilight is best dancer
Only if you type in Elizebethan English and in all caps.
oh yeah~
CRUD! I didn't get home soon enough to catch the start.
DO A BACK FLIP
/me that one thing where you move your finger up and down in a diagonol motion repeatedly
=D
HeavyMetalDash: I know right?!
:$ is best dancer! :)
Hi GingerDuck. I've never met some of you, are you infrequent?
da fuck
lol
nice counting there genius
xD
NOOO1!!!!!!!
:(
I call that the broken lightbulb maneuver.
Random girl scout
YAYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol
Oh god granny!
suicide
no shes not bord
This is my first time here.
it changed u guise
I just started coming here
lol
what
Nooo!
Oh my!
oh god
damn
NOOO
WTF?
lol
:D
BORING to death
she's a WITCH
lol
I can't spam. I chuckle every 5 seconds.
Woof
Well, that was unexpected
He must've told that story in a really dull way
I HAVE TYPED IN PERFECT ENGLISH MANY TIMES, TIS NECESSARY FOR PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS TO BE HEARD...
rawr
gee whiz
ge wiz!
Ah Gee WIZ
The pilot will show you HIS cockpit
Bored to death... seems legit
gee wiz!
Cheeze whizz
He was probably describing every last dance move.
O U
holy 50s batman
That little boy is a real man. I beat he gets his steak medium rare too!
dat swellness
Lol.
dat jive
GEE THAT'D BE SWELL
o.O
I used to be a pilot like you, then i took an arrow to the knee
I have been here a few times, only for a few weeks though...
LOL! :D
I wish I could speak Jive
lmao
dat translator
dragon do garden?
dat tea
player
She dosnt know Black speek.
come pla' with us
*coffee
Little kids have coffee.
/me was a grown man naked in Scary Movie 4
Sure.
black language
I wanna jive Talk
Such a gentleman
10,02O____o
COFIE
Shouldn't she be in a wheelchair? :O
o_o
When did the movie start?
http://i.imgur.com/IqtZy.jpg
This kid has swagg
:o
i take it black
That kid's got manners
O.O
very mature
Shot down.
Meanwhile: Im 21 and i HATE coffie
LOL
XD
0_____0
lol
:D
WAT! /)O_O(\
ouch
Whitezoned
26, I hate tea and coffee
Like I said-- offend EVERPONY.
I saw this site on EqD last week, but I'd missed the stream.
i Just joined, have I missed much?
Rare: lol!
granny is dead : NEXT
Rare: rofl
Humanised Gummy
DUN DUN DUNNNNN
o.O i <3 tea
Haha
AH MY EARS!
I drink tea, mostly, but sometimes coffee
10,02Dat ripple transition...
uh oh
Tea is the answer to all problems.
More flashback
Dunno? I just got here too.
From Here to Eternity
an other flashback, on the beach
Meanwhile, it is
You ever seen a grown man naked?
hell yes Meanwhile
Quick Sandman! More Powder!
I BET WILL HAVE RUN IN SLOW MO
my doggeh wants the pizza rolls
I started watching when they were playing last nights movie and i loved it
RUN IN SLOW MO ON SAND
I also first saw this on EqD. I like this stream in particular.
No-- Yes..
richflies hopefully we didnt miss much :)
I used too see a stream then I started lurking on my iPod XD
dat seaweed
This movie is definately in my personal top 10.
dat smex scene
Props for honesty.
They are laggin' across the beach together!
xD
That's some stream.
Tea vs Coffee. I prefer Hot Chocolate!
aww
crab
drinking tea during your hangover is very satisfactory
I like all 3
The sweet romance of saltwater and kelp.
drown bitch
mmm seaweed
dat impregnating
Kelp... Ah don't even like seaweed.
heh
top secret info
^
-_-
The sweet romance of lag.
dat algae
dat naked man
seaweed is sheckshy
that's 6:00pm
I have never seen this moviue, and missed most of it dealing with my cabinet on Skype.
dat seaweed
bomb them bastereds
*movie
3:25 in asia
oh thats classified
lol when he just told her everything
It's Classified
Lol, that's technically a spoiler Ginger.
dat wub
AM
dat romance
And it freezes on "Are you serious" face.
:'(
Catfish :LD
Dat spam ofd dat lines
drown now
WATER AGAIN
dat fish
Dead fish
Catfish is best pony
9 months later........
fish
And then they all drowned.
Catfish
so... BEAUTIFUL <3
:S
8:25PM in France
What Happened
dat orange pop
Eyuuuup
what from the movie?
wheres my coke
nvm
A spoiler would be: [R E D A C T E D]
A spoiler by 10 seconds.
Oh god
I have two weiner dogs
you have NONE
Dat Filly-Feeler.
my names not sherly
3 man a single child and a woman
I win life
guess what happens
awesome
Mr. BOSSton?
it was the joke from the movie
And it's a tiny spoiler too.
No!
Oh sweet, are we watching Airplane?
Have you ever seen a grown man naked? ;)
._.?
Dat child molestation
lol
/me noms Potatochips
Nnnnnnn ..... DOH!
WHAT
Yeah.
Yes.
N-
DAT PEDO
yes
yeah ...
WTF
:O
lol
pedobear
Hang Around a gymnasium?
...
Of course!
:o
dat nose
PEDO
pedopilot
rape rape rape
I didn't catch it, so oh well...I will check for this movie in the archoves ;later...
RAPE WHEN YOU FLY
/me looks around nervously
WHAT
I herd u turn 9.
:O
HAI KIIIIDS
So i herd you were turning 9
RAPE SCENE
dat Kareem Abdul Jabar
:D
WHAT DID HE SAY :O
:O
*misspelling things
dead chat is dead
it wasn't pony related
I did Naaaaaht!
:D
Da fuq i keep lagging >.<
lol
XD
:D
i missed MLP?!
This is your captien speeing, if you have any small children...send them to the front.
bai 4th Wall
roger roger
hi girls...:$
yes, little boy, let me show you my cockpit
MLP is after this
I know...
Same here, RaveBrony
LMAO
lol @ all the shocked_faced emoticons on my irc thingy
dat racist kid
awww yeah
THAT BASKETBALL CO PILOT
thats not kareem abdul jabar kid...
:\
That was perhaps MOO.
awesome movie is awesome
ROGER.MURDOCH
Its Luna Eclipsed
lmfao
bai Mr Fourth Wall
i didn't spoil nothin officer.
hello Rainbovv_Dash
ohhhhhh
ouch
Discord?
holla
LoL
o no
the hell i do
I heard she eats Huh?
ROGER FREAKING MURDOCH
:O
That is an ugly kid.
xD
Ginger, I was really just making a joke, don't worry yourself.
What dos this little white boy know of basketball!
Oh wow, $180 back from trading in games :)
/me noms on GingerDuck's keyboard
O.O
UCLA??
Pinkie, I eat Huh? You eat Huh?
He got TOLD OFF
I don't mind, even if you did. You will not be sent to the sun, do not fret.
dat OOC
that stare
Told
Roger is pissed.
...Seen Gladiaters?
Do you like watching movies about gladiators?
love that face
Let's go eat haaaay
dat flank
Lets Go Eat Hahm
thank you my liege
:S
he hints about half naked man
awkward
:P
This is a strange movie...
:p
Gay bacon strips
Everytime I think Seinfield. Its .. the name
You are quite welcome.
I like movies about Gladiators :D
indeed
funny but weird
6_9:'(:(:)
If by strange you mean awesome!
this is an awesome movie
Hay Bacon strips
*kisses hoof*
dawwwwww
So Luna, do you like bananas?
lol
main chat is thriving
SIT ON MY FACE?!
can we just watch the plane crash?!
O__o
6_9
dat violin
this movie is all fucked up
"...and tell me that you love me!"
o.o
It doesn't crash, does it?
Hay Bacon strips
So Alarmed_Llama, do you like moon pies?
rope please
dat music score
Hay Bacon strips
:(
1,3lol
violins are allowed in the plane??
wow
0,14dat flashback
damn
gotta try it sometime
Now, we cream on this b:(ch
Violins are allowed everywhere.
Guitars are allowed in the plane
SHOW THE STOCK FOTTAGE
hey SaxyPretender
flashback
dem acting skills
boom.
my favorite part of the movie
I ish satsified with crash
planes are allowed in this plane
Um... I don't remember actually. I've only ever had one.
/me brings in plate opf cookies
that patient
Dear god...
Oh i remeber this sean!
It came to me
*of
Wut
STP
It finally came to me!
/me eats a bag of Potatochips
dat patient
Oh man, here we go xD
STP
that noise
What came to you_
freaking lag...
all the pony here are crazy
/me licks
poor Potatochips
painting?
/me waves.
Now I understand why people hate Matt Smith's Doctor!
lol
:P
dat leg
ha!
Well, you are a bee-yetch who may or may not like moon pies?!
dat paintbrush
i am sad
nice painting
dat painting
Oh I want to hear this.
Dat picture
Dat Lag on the painting
He's too damn pretty.
dat baby
11th Doctor does not like Bacon!
that awesome painting
dat paint <3
I never noticed the baby before!
Painting? What is it?
My favorite part of the movie is with the broach guy.
he is quite an artist
What?!
spit take
spittake
Exactly
Poor Zip
I win!
Perfect timing for spit-take
I'm lagging
spitfire
dat 6_9
me too
Bacon is meh.
George Zip is best brony
baby?
Potatochips taste delicious
is that .. a baby?
lol
Epic pose guy
:D
lagging, too :(
LOL
what
/me does a spit-take
:D
Randomnerd: Who said I didn't time it? :D
My lagging keeps spiking and stopping my stream >.<
dat pose of baby
Dop
Well, glad we are in sync
I can make a pterodactel, I can make a broach, or a hat.
same, RaveBrony
get on that on point!
dat insanity
:(
:D
lol
We lost Red-2
Dat incredibly amazing doll
How far into the movie are we?
o.o
poor poor men
Spike take a latter
Meanwhile You Dare Speak Such Blasphemy in Front of LordCelestia!!!
all the pony here are crazy
letter*
Oh, this one is great!
30 mins
0,14and suddenly musical number
o_o
$25 dollers for a cigret it crazy!
$25 for a cig IS to much
Ehtel Merman?
$25 for a cigarette IS too much.
Ohai Ethel Merman
YOU'll be SWELL!
LOL
dat hell
I love this song
song time :)
ON A PLATE!
OH MY
OH YEA that guy
dat voice
STarting NOW~
Ummmmmmm
is this an asylum?
Rooooooooooooooooooooseeessss
lol
Please someone tell me what the movie is about? Me and richflies joined abit late
Roooossess..
I will not be silenced.
and leons getting LARGER!
DAT SEDATION
That's be a $500 pack! In the 80's!
Yeah him.
NO I WANT SE***
Airplane
i love him
*sniff* such voice
Bacon is meh, I like it, but it isn't the be all and end all of meat.
It's "Zero Hour". But vastly sillier.
From someone who never seen this, its random stuff happening while a couple tries to makeup
Does anypony here know that I am a little filly now...have been for a month...it's starting to get to me...would anypony like to brush me?
dat coffee
dat suspicion
O.O
Pyrexo, it's a parody of airplane disaster movies
Jim never has a second cup of coffee at home...
dat thinking voice
inb4pings
inner voice!
dat cheating husband
dat nunny nun
Waat?
Kind of like ... Scary Movie?
dat guitar with violin combo
no
That was a reference to a series of coffee commercials at the time. I remember them well.
thank you so much Rare :D
You do have fish and chips, Meanwhile, i'll give you that's tasty.
It is a simple question.
dat combo kill
bonk bonk bonk
clang
headshot!
:D
what are you implying miss luna?
multikill
why does the nun have a guitar?
thats a good guitar
I'm lagging too now
I would like my mane brushed.
ah 1980's when all nuns played guitar
pentakill
Combo
Some of the references have dated, but it's still funny
uh oh
Because sometimes nuns just rock out.
Soeur Sourire?
dat bad song
Oh my
does the little girl die?
BOOMHEADSHOT
What?
I don't know if I understand what you're asking, did you age in reverse?
dat song
dat River of Jordan
later yes
10,02Why WOULDN'T the nun have a guitar?
dead chat is still dead
pinkiederp: no spoilers.
whoa, that voice?
inb4 slow death
It's actually a nice song-- but the results are...
eeyup
oh yeah
...it was a spell...just forget that...
all the nun have a guitar ...
SORRY
dat sad scene
Pinkie Pie!
dat batman
Guy on the ceiling
Hai roof guy
I think my favorite Birthday was when my gf took me to a Fish n' Chips shop in Manehattan called "A Salt and Battery".
upside down guy
dat gravity defying batman
whats main chat?
:)
/me smiles :)
This next part is hilarious.
:)
CEILING MAN
Hah
dat monk
BUDA!
i'm Batman
Poor lisa...
dat pedo
:)
/me smiles as well :)
btw the girl dies afterwards due to a stroke
And I have a golden ticket....
/me licks some Potatochips
hi
Now
:O
Watch out for that IV :P
Ceiling guy is watching you ... sing.
the IV!
0,14erryone happy nao!
pop.
oh god!
Potatochips: no spoilers.
HI SHAUN
lol
#bronystate
And then she ded
dat death ....
Clap along!
it would be hilarious if she played stairway to heavan
SHAUN SEEPY
Um help her!
MEDIC!
never seen the movie- just saying
lol!!
:O
what? OO
Dead
CLAP!
hey mom pay attention
:O
Super Fish Face
Dashy face??!
/me starts clapping along
Potatochips: then don't guess either!
/me claps
o ya nvm i see it now. i didnt know what those buttons were. i thought mods or somethin
?
SHE LIVES
V 2 1 : Need a medic
dat fish face
and again
So awesome!
lol
There
Dat FACE>
dat spike
o.o
because duckface is so 2010
o3o
TO THE FAE
0,5O___O
OOOonnneee
x3x
That woman imitates playing really good...
o_o
TO THE FACE
Well, Lisa's dead now.
/me drops brush in front of everypony
First?
Clarence :3
RIP Lisa
day akward moment when you tried to help but ended up making her die
,....
oh no
Elliot and SHAUN
lmao
lolololololol
dat mustache
After the granny ....
Harakiri time
Oh god
the what?
You are TEARING ME APART, Lisa!
dat flashback
It's always rough unless you climb on top
New flashback, new victim
SHEEPY
"I wonder if i can hit though this window"
He gonne kill em all!!!!!!!!!
WHO IS THIS KID
/me is a bee-yetch who may or may not like moon pies.
/me waits patiently
WHO I THIS SHEEPY KID
that actor was in im in the band a year or two back...
nope
Dat stock jungle sounds
It was really a challenge...
I'm not sure how this guy can make these stories so boring.
Black dudes pick up basketball right away? :|
im lagging
Herp Derp
lmao
prepare yourselves. Tupperware is coming!
TO THE FACE
HUZZAJ
K.O.
/me stares with large eyes
/me twiddles his moustache.
dat elephant
Sexy elephant
dat tuppaware
*HUZZAH
Though, it would be pretty rad if all the tribesmen were players for the Lakers :D
dat supperwer
this can't be good either.
Tupperware!
Rejected
ELLIOT AND SHAUN
But Wait!
HOW MANY POINTS DO I RECIEVE!?
oh gawd
they eat the plastic and die, and hate them forever
legal kill : boring to death all the plane
Tupperware party!
Is it lagging into space for anyone else?
can you buy this stuff nowadays?
there's a lady coming from door to door
White boy can't jump
WHO IS SHEEPY
dat "insert object here"
Nah, refresh
*Instantly knows basketball*
stereotip
Dat Racism
haven't seen tupperware in stores for years
Aaaand then they became the Los Angeles Lakers :)
/me brushes Princess_Luna's mane
I've been refreshing for five minutes ;n;
double dunk
SO MANY BALLS!
WHO ISSHEEPY
dat double dunk
bad joke in there some where
:D
thats a lot of balls
SEEMS LIKE A REAL BA MAN
The ip man
Do you have a scriptblocker?
Pray tell, what purpose do these serve?
Brb-- rebooting.
Thaaank yoouu...it feels niiicee...
the plans?
I no caps
I don't...think so?
I no allcaps
Sorry
its in the blood of them
dat gray hair
Im so sorry
when is the episode starting???
So, So Sorry
George Zip :(
George... who?
George.......
Poor George Zip
RIP Caps
try to l-l-land the spiders on the web.....
Gatorade
dat drinking problem
what...
XD
LOL
lol
dat drinking problem
now that is a drinking problem
derp
LOL DRINKING PROBLEMS
dat problem is awesome
seppekku
moments silence for George Zip
drinking problem
Use a straw, man!
lol!
lol
NEXT ...
lol
:D
I have that in the summer
I: you must be new here
dat honorable suicide
honorable death
death count 2
dat suciding
I'm pregnant
She can't stand it
dat period
whatever happened to Fleur?
Her stomach
Oh... it's that jacket.
pepdobismal
dat sepuku
laggy stream is laggy -_-
It begins
Sepukku
Ronald Raygen
dat stomach
._.
dat ronald reagan film
Take that, Reagan.
da faq
OH NO NOW I'M DOING IT
GhostOfLeslieNielson: Fleur is now Rain
And the stomach problems begin...
dat phone
on of the women passangers is very sick yu know
Meanwhile: Did you try ctrl+F5?
nice.
LESLIE
Kid owns the cockpit
O 'ello
dat molestation
That also clears cache
quietly as you can
basket ball
?
dat basketball
I have
xD
:p?
/me gets up and says, "No! She is mine!." Alarmed_Llama smacks the brush from mario_pony's hand.
???????
HAH'
I have
:p
....
._.
I Has
what?
have you ever been in a turkish prison
Turkish prison
lol he's in the COCKPIT
DAT BARF
/me BARFS
He never vomits at home...
Whoa
Eww
ewww
that fake barfs
...SHUT UP
Jim O U
He never vomits at home
I manually cleared the cache a minute ago, but the most recent refresh seemed to clear it up.
:o
ive never been to turkey
*MIND FUCK*
Notng to worry aout
/me tackles hugz Rain
Annnddd
dat jim never vommiting at home
really?
IT BEGINS!
HE'S CHEATING ON YOU WOMAN
lol
YES!
That's right :3
Sorry I have to wake you, your a doctor
LESLIE! RIP my hero!
0,14Lieslie Nielsen ;u;
Hey! I would like to be brushed if somepony wouldn't mind!
Come take a look sir
Leslie Neilsen! (Applause)
RIP you fucking hero
squeeeeeee
Leslie Nielsen should have been 12th Doctor
You are missed, sir. You are missed.
Oh man. That guy is in this show?
/me tackle hugs IshBestPony "Ham!"
Good old Leslie. The man new humour like no other.
See that Tongue
Let me see your tongue
Dat egg.
Leslie Nielsen ftw
...
Egghead
dat tongue
Okay, that may bea bit far
The face
WHAT THE HECK?!
I still don't understand this
Forbidden Planet was agreat movie.
dat egg
/me keep brushing Princess_Luna's mane
wut
Eggs?
she is the egg man?
Why are eggs coming out he mouth
what?!?
Women, you drop eggs in your panties not your mouth!
dem eggs!
reversed chicken?
A moment of silence in honor of the great Leslie Nielsen
Sleight of hand.
wut wut wut
eggs?
Snake ! Snake
dat magic
ohai me
Maybe she'll pop a whole dozen.
Thats dsgusting
lul wut
Thhhaaankk yooouu agaaiinnn...
lol
ohai me
bird ?
:o
Lady is Scootaloo.
Ummm
so many unhatched Scootaloos
God bless his soul
No she's not, she's a chicken.
ok ...
:O
:D
Before he realized he was a handome man in a town full of handsome men.
She has an egg in her mouth still
OH gawd
bird?
SCOOTALOO
Not Scootaloo, Terry
Ill be back in a minute
/me takes Luna to Rarity's spa.
Scootaloo Poxs
^
:P
/me tackle hugz TOY_PON3
dafuq?
has to be gotten to a hospital
lmfao
Lol!
SCOOTALOO ISN'T EVEN BORN WHEN THIS MOVIE WAS MADE
Scotaloo issent a chicken
He must speak t him
Where are we-oh the spa...yay~
bird grown up so fast ? wow
its scootaloo flu
It's a big building with patients.
It's a big building with reading mares
:D
So he gave up on dramas and crap.
Th captain is all over
RIP Victor
dun dun da
DUN DUN DA
dat sweat
God, I know every punchline but still I laugh like an idiot.
he sleep at work !
No, not Mr. Boston
There are snakes on the plane
Somebody get a bodycount going
/me has the attendants brush and massage Luna.
Mr Boston! Dun Dn Dun
dat drama
The Laurence Olivier of Parody films.
RAPE OPPORTUNITY
poor vector victor
Drama!
>:)
/me smiles
That black man was in the Game of Death :o
the sky was at night
:( Fell asleep during mare-athon
:(
They are creeper spaning eggs
sfg
((Where are we going with this))
:o
Take the exit!
3I was kicked :<
dat trolling
Well we already lost Grandma, that kid, and Seppuku guy.
Dashie_Dashie: He's Kareem Abdul Jabar
Or is Laurence Olivier the Leslie Neilsen of Shakespeare?
3lol
Headshot
3:P
How Soon can we-CUM
13surely you can't be serious about taking that nick saxy
pie to the face
/me shrugs
3get it?
that camera shake
HAHA the fun has been DOUBLED!!:D
Never let a basketball player fly a plane
me too :(
3I was kicked?
AUTOPILOT!
lol
3Anyone?
SlurryMoon: No...
...
SaxyShirley: Dohoho.
Basketballer
dat goggles
lol SlurryMoon
here comes Otto
0,14I am serious, and don't call me...actually, DO call me Shirley XD
Roger with the basketball trunks. :D
I've given it all I can captain!
/me slaps SlurryMoon with a large trout
SlurryMoon: I don't get it.
/me tackles hugz Rain "FLEEEEEEUUUURRRRR!!!"
altitude went below 0
Who Is Sheepy
hiya Rain
hey Rain
Alarmed_Llama: you son of a b:[:[ch!
bah. what a well-timed lag that was >_<
He hadfish
I and my work colleagues do that "don't call me Shirley" joke all the time.
3x__O
dat lasania
Hey Rain :P
2 moe si peple
Who are You?
I'm back with cake ^_^ and look the movie has started, Yay
damn you lag!
uhhhh
oh well, airplane is just as good
((it's called roleplay for a-hey? how did you know to use double parenthesis for 4th wall breakage...have you been to my Cabinet or something?))
take ar f the pssangers
Im lesli nealson, I eat what i want
Who i.e I why, kust why
he had fish ...
Cypresswolf: Can I haz cake?
/me 's mother tells him "soup's on." Mentally inserts "everypony."
We are all going to die!
just*
wth? why am I getting so many pings?
They'll never notice...
I will see the beginning of this movie... This is how... Also Silly Applejack! :$ http://richfiles.solarbotics.net/eb/Ponies_Airplane.jpg
did everyone else's just lag majorly?
Choice of Fish and Steak, have lasanga.
Dont mind the dead people
don't panic
Anddddd no one cares
oh hai Rain
no need to be alarmed...
Lasagna is delicious
Rain: because we WUB you
(
What langauge :(?
You can read all about it, ead all about it
Traffic below us
<3
I also censor things with [yay]
0,14oh hai Rain
i just noticed
Hes very sick
/me checks the chat's pulse
Yes! ^_^ But, you'll have to take it from the hooves of Scootaloo...Do you want to deprive Scootaloo of cake? :(
*eating popcorn* this is getting good
Whoa, nice picture disc richfiles.
Rain because you are best hug victim
Hey Rain.
What did he have for dinner
Just for your information...
Fish
/me 11,01grabs an umbrella.
HE'S PREGNANT
Prop sfx for a jet aircraft
i had chicken
dat face
O_O
he had fish
((No, this is universal to text RPing. it's out of character.))
I want to grab an umbrella
Dat "omg they're gonna die" face.
LOL this movie is so funnie
fish killing people
i had pizza
i win life
lol
yeah lol
it's like Piranha 3D
it's Rain ing pings ehh
Damn ... i ate fish ...
What type of fish was it
Who's a silly pony? LordDerpington
I HAZ PIZZA!
wait what movie is this?
fish
DAT FISH
Fuck
Violently ill, in the next half hour
Airplane!
inb4 bad gas
((OK...))
lol Tarku
God, I miss things like that. MP3 downloads are more convenient, sure, but it's just not the same as having a cool limited edition stuff.
I love this bit
ryness of the throat
yay
dat relise
Itchin
0,14pony_345678, Airplane
<This is funny to.
here we go
Applejack, richfiles!
dat spasm
pilot is going to die...
Central nervous systm
dat flatulence
He had fish?
RABIES
alright thank you
lol
Alarmed_Llama: you son of a [yaay]
Collapses?
LOL! :D
XD
lol
dat farting
Dat fart
mmm ponies
lololol
:D
Like that!
:D
11,01My stream is derpy big-time.
Mmmmm
mmmjello
dat jelly
dat boobies
lol
snakes ona plane is funnier then this
jiggley bits!
dem bewbs
dat plot
jiggle!
Heheheh... bewbies.
same here, Discord
no humping lol
Jiggle physics.
:O
NO SEX
inb4 autopilot
especiallt the tv edited version
no huming 13-23
...
BLASPHAMY
/me glomps Rain "FLEEEEEEUUUUUURRRRRRRR!!!"
dat rows 13-23
YES
That works
OTTO!
OTTO
dat automatic pilot
"That was easy"
Best pilot ever!
Inflato man!
<3
I always love the autopilot :D
seems legit
HE BEST PILOT
HA HAA dangly parts
Otto!!!
Who i sheepy
otto is best pilot <3
:D
Blow on the stem!
Reminds me of Men in Black
blowup doll
They were fine, the end
DERPDERPDERPDERP: EVERYONE loves the autopilot
^
Otto voiced Tom you know.
Terrible toul
that sex blow up doll
...but then again i havent seen snakes on a plane, i just know this is damn good
pinkiederp: you have NO IDEA
And introducing Otto as Himself!
Who is sheepy
THERE ARE TOO MA NY MONKEY FLYING SNAKES ON THIS MONEY FUELING PLANE!
c'mon stream.
I really like his mane
Here's that guy.
Just wait for it
Meanwhile: That's so awesome
Blow up sex doll - pilot version
LAG
lol @ tv edits
Tell all dispatchers
I know that guy!
no way....
damn you lag
...A long night
mine keeps lagging
so many cool old guys in this movie
tee hee
Johny!
:3
U understand?
lol they really say that
yea
Ta picked a bad time to quit smoking.
Conjoined man
i dont think its us, but whoevers streaming
How many people are there?
I'm having lag too-- and I usually don't have lag...
bahahaha, oh wow i gotta see that
lol
We got fpog right down to the fog
fail
siames twins
dat conjoined twins
cuz my videos lagging too but the sound is right
mweeeehello everypony
Looke all dem modern doodads!
samuel jackson gets the hell edited out of him in the tv version
It's happening to me too.
it's the streamer
what?
How about mr rodgers
call mr rogers
Mr Rogers?
hes smoking inisde! D:
Heya Starflash
best quote ever
The shit has hit the fan
Well howdy nabor
dat mister Rogers
Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit X.
Roger roger
Get me rextrima
dat shit moment
Such manly names.
Im way too late for the movie
Rex Kramer.
mr rogers??? HELL YEAH!
Mr. Rogers vs Mr. T?
oh well
Mr. T hands down
KNOTS
o-o
Kinda.
my sis and i watched the legit one before we watched the tv version and about died laughing
Mr. Rogerd
and here it comes
dat deflation
35,000 FT
oh no!
brb need a drink
WHOSE DRESS IS THIS?? streamers....
*Rogers
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
blow him up again!
Pilot is deflating.
ITS DROPPING
05bud light
o noooo
Damn, the autopilot
FAST
05water
DUN DUN DUN
i pity the fool who tries to step to clubber lang
Wrek: water
Big McLargehuge.
incoming best scene of the movie
OH MY GOD
ITS DEFLATING
his neck is broken :P
Pilot is high
Blow me or you die bizatch
daflating pilot :D
John Fist.
LAG
A HOLLOW TUBE
lol
LOL
Auto Pilot feels empty inside
blow it
pull it out, and blow on it
called it
bow chika wow wow
BLOW ON THE TUBE SIR
looool
thats what he said
dat leg
so much wrong
bad lagin
uh-oh
Bow chiki bow wow
Oooooooh yeeeeaaah...
O_o
What the hell was going on back there?!
0,14*insert music of my people here*
LOL
BLOWJOB
wtf
lol
now thats a blowjob!
Greetings everypony
what the?
-_^
That gets him back up
Bob Johnson
Yeah that's pretty much how it works.
giving birth on a plane?
Ok i'll keep that in mind, real one first then edit version
oh wait
:o
And outta here...
dat face
wtf?
Oh, Autopilot, you're so dirty.
come on
Niiiiice
blow that piolt
Indeed
:)\
oh god...
Lol
Blow thttube lady
faster
once i put on dis bow chikka bow wow
LOL
O.o
That reaction
:$
dat smile!
dat smile
lmao
Face.
DAT FACE
i did not just see that
LMFAO
xD
yea
whatcha gon say?
Confused the hell out of me as a kid, especially when I already knew the term "blow job".
:D
Dat face.
he likes that
^
<3
DB_Brony: you did
:D LMFAO
:D
OOOOH YAY
Super Creepy face
real one first
LOL OTTO
Dat cig
lol
:D
smokes
after smokes
autopilot smoke too
LordDerpington: me too
LOL
Shes got her game face on
lol
Dirk Action.
otakon: you're right.....
doctor: oookaaaaaaaayyy...
they are now members of the mile high club
dat after sex smoke
Yes dctor
Mhmm.
what is name of this film?
airplane
How old is this?
no
Airplane.
Airplane!
He has his game face on
stop blowing the pilot
Airplane
No :()
whnx
1980.
/me hands out cookies
1980
nope
"Airplane!"
1980
That's older than me
this is older than me
fail
Drinking problem is best problem.
Drinking problem.
Dat drinking problem
drinking problemmmm
drinkng problem
NEXT KILL
thank you luna
The life ofeveryone!
hahaha
.1%
flutter_spin: HA!
/me eats a cookie
haha drinking problem
drinking problems
You are welcome.
^
num num num
dun dun dunnnn
Dramatic lightning
DUN DUN DUN
0,14Man, that lighting had great timing
/me eats an apple.
I had fish for dinner
I misses the opening of this movie, cuz I was at Target buying ponies
WHY
Panic time!!! ;)
:o FISH
32 yrs old
/me omnomnomnomnom...
i disconnected on the blow time
xD
1,3a very good reason to miss part of the movie richfiles :)
/me eats an orange
numnomnum nom
Get anything nice, richfiles?
PERIODic
eeyup
Be prepared for going vertical here pretty soon
the people dont even care lol
/me throws cookie into an insinerator.
Ignore the corpse.
xD
lol
PANIC
BEWBIES!
panic!:[
tits
LOL
Meanwhile: he's not dead
o.O
bewbs!
uhhhh
0,14dat fencing
BOOBS
sword fight
who knows how to fly
boobs?
XD
lol boobs
don't panic
Fencing
hello!
Ignore the unconcious guy.
Lolwat
dat panic button
Random tits
Suddenly boobs
but you might wanna pic
panicpanicpanic! <_<
thats right
Random boobs
dayyummmm
NIIICE
all hell breaks loose
kick out the windows
SWORDS
lag during the boobs… oh hell no
clop clop clop
Why is the Nun choking him?
seems legit
lol all the bronies approve of bewbs :3
PONY CAR!!!
Fashin Style Princess Celestia and Luna, TRegular Celestia and Luna, A CMC + Cheerilee to Mold mane mod
We're all gonna die!
I miss the nudity!!!
clop
Dog.
:(
Tovler: lol
He has his game face on
/me runs around in circles flailing.
puppy!
Llama...stop trolling...
TOY_PON3: are we watching the new episode later?
opticle illusion incoming
10,02The funny part is this movie is rated PG
lag
RAWWWRRRRRR
That dog has his game fae on
Dawgy :3
inb4 mauling!
lol
I missed the boobs AGAIN!!!
dat eccentric dog
Ok.
RATED PG?
pony_345678: we're bronies, NOT saints
daaaawwwwww
d'awwwwww
:)
Dashie_Dashie: I don't know lol
such a cool dog. :)
Ship, has his game face on
:/
Dat dog
such a cutie
yeah, they didn't come out with PG13 until Gremlins
This movie is devoid of all logic. It's like Pinkpie, Ed & Patrick Star joined forces...
10,02NEVER TODAY will you see a Rated PG movie with naked people.
This movie was before the 90s culture war.
This was before PG13 became a standard.
DOG
WhoIsSheepy: different age, this would have been a R movie nowadays
dog is ghey
that's why i dislike dogs ....
PG means Parental Guidance
SuperBrony64: eeyup
10,02Parental Guidance suggested
/me eats cookie ashes. "I'm sorry."
Buck yeah Rex Kramer!!
Dashie_Dashie: We most likely will
ya in 80` SB
Dog rage
pankreas "Parental Guidance" - basically anyone can see it, even unsupervised.
Go for the throat!
Parental Guidance = PG
It's Ultra Magnus.
This is really wierd
these are hilarious
because I woke up late @_@
Dead
http://runt-of-the-web.com/the-sad-world-of-the-misunderstood-house-spider
10,02It's like the equivalent of an E rating on a video game
lol
NATHAM
It's alright...
Dog: Tonight, You!
And it just froze on me...
NATHAN*
the hell
opticle illusion
Nah... More like T
You would hink, after 10 years, someone wouldliste to us
Pinkie Pie!
You can do it, Rex!
Unsolved Mysteries!
Just don't burn my things...
...
That dog is craaaazy!
Like "FSK 0" in gemany?
Who isthis sheepy
DIE, HUMAN
WE NO LIKE THIS
rape
lolololololo
voice from the ashes says i forgive you
Step 1 : change place, Step 2 : tell a flashback, Step 3 : ??? Step 4 : Profit, hum i mean suicide !
._.
SuperBrony64: You remember All Dogs Go to Heaven? Was a G! Would be a PG at least nowadays
Can someoe kick Sheepy from chat, hes beig vey offensie
E-10 for ages 10 and up
Oh no!
I'm not familiar with the German classifications.
Gasoline.
another suicide
that poor guy
another suicide
death count:3
terrorist! D:
What about candles and firewood?
he has a drinking problem too
10,02otakon: Indeed.
He must be a muslim
pinkiederp: you have to remember the other 7 guys
pfft screw them
burn plz
"Oh thank god."
Sikhs aren't terrorists
I think its more than 3
oh yeah
lmao
XD I fail at life
that would just be silly
I love the literal interpetations in this show.
next death
I love his nod
ohh my it's now complete.. i'm going to read this brb
ah for the days when you could bring a can of gas and a box of matches onto a plane
dat face.
Dat nod.
O_O
her cleavage
inb4 he explodes
BOOM
Kill count 3
what is this?
Derp.
Whoissheepy and your not bing annoying, talking to me on skype 'n' all
awwwww
Ka-BOOM! :)
Lol!!!
1,3Airplane
lol love the last one
HAHAHa
:)
lol
that fire
And don't call me Shirley.:|
Sonic Atomic Rainboom
>explode anyways because reasons
dun dun DUUUNNN
0,14But you can call me Shirley.
Who is sheepy
lol
/me sitting on a pillow
0,14...For now.
both piolts and mother mary
lol
do it
DOOOOO IIITTTT
YAYYYYYY!!!!!! THE DAY ISH SAVED
my computer derped
O_O
YES@
Dat deadpan humor
ok Shirley
!
He has his game face on
I am Shirley
Where's the plane heading to anyways?
SaxyShirley: I'm calling you Shirley. Forever.
Shirley I will
and don't call me Shirley
sherlock
All together
Hello SaxShirley
4!
...xD
all together...
lo
Of course SaxyShirley.
lol
lol
"It's entirely differeint kind of flying"
xD
lol
He has his game face on
all together
6!
i still hate spiders
it says it's offline
this movie is awesome ^^
lmao
^
lol
:'(
He has his game face on
i love their sense of humor
Is it a gold trimmed, body sized, purple pillow?
HES GONNA FLY LIKE A NORMAL DOGFIGHTING PLANE
DUNDUNDUN
THIS IS HILARIOUS
your timing was just a teeny tiny bit off
he is the only chance they hve
anything with more than 4 legs in my house dies
Oh noes!
They don't make movies like this anymore... and it's sad
DRAMATIC
IT RETURNS
AND THROW PEOPLE AS BOMBS
dun dun dahdah dunnnnnnnnnnnnnn
dat lagging
Press all of them!
dem buttons
Dem dials and knobs and buttons.
epic buttons
autopilot has SWAG
Pinkie button :O
same here
autopilot is better than him
Dem buttons
my GOD
waht about six legs?
Turn it off and on again, that allways works
0,14fun fact: this isn't a gag, airplane panels really were that extensive
:[
It's an entirely different type of flyinf all together.
Those flashing buttons
Press ALL the buttons!
press strg+alt+del
FOUR MAX
Yes...how did you guess? ((it's actually silver trimmed, but that is a technicality...))
mozilla update....
True fact.
DRAMA
he still there
Whats this button do?
SaxyShirley: Of course
what about no legs?
Jeez. The Death Star has less buttons.
ok ok:'(
dat taxi
it's like the controller for Steel Battalion
dat red button
The ONLY part of the movie that is SERIOUS! :D :O LOL
Its an entirely different type of flying
i wanna toy plane
Johny!
I wanna eat someone
Starflash: *Giorigo expression* Preasure
nom nom nom
no more cheese
well not much of a threat with no legs
computer, why you hate me?!
Fun fact: They didn't add height to control centers because of the cost until the 2000s
cheese from the milman...
Dat pic.
Dat dramatic music
milkman*
y u no like cheese?
lol the pic was a pic of him
snakes?
Ohai Ictiv
:D
No Johny =(
hit and run incoming
epic greenscreen
13dat bluescreen
dat background
dat pic
dat greenscreen
imagine how many times he needed t do that to get it right
You still here, huh?
throw the CHEEESE
LMAO SEEMS LEGIT
Dat glasses
da obvious green screen
I use to wonder whoSeepywas, then i took an arrow to he knee
please..that a grayscreen
lol
"No, feet", lol
hmmmm....luckily we dont get snakes here
nice glasses
dat Asshoal!
Great affects
that sunscreen
so realistic
assshole
dat gtreenscreen
ok i refreshed
Boss Driving Skills
lol
Ohai Singhi!
Yup
it looks so real
0,14Ponies!
ponies!
I'm still here
so PRO
wtf
he drives just like me
it still hates me
yes ponies
dem horses :O
Why wouldn't I be?
I love how they make it obvious that that is a green screen.
Pretty calm for driving so fast
-_-
PONIES
10,02OMG They're on an airplane?!
Whoa is that real? Looks so realistic...
HORSE
Y U NO LIKE ME COMPUTER?!
You may have been hit by lightning.
Ponies! I saw it this time! yay :(
You don't say?!
Sweeting time?
SB: O U
dat lag
Is this real life ?
Hah
Sweat*
Thats a a nice plane u have there
SuperBrony64: You silly filly
Washing machine?
LAG,DAMMIT
That just energizes me
Shame if anything were to happen to it...
Y so srs
I don't like Veemi.com
everyone a silly filly
wash soke rince spin
/me glomps richfiles
stream is bleh.
Hey, this reminds me of that video of um... the guys trying to figure out the Flight Simulator
O_O
lagging
Dashie_Dashie: Same here
dat statue
13weeping angel is concerned
lol
dat statue
DRAMA
Jesus facepalm
Dramatic lightning.
dat lightning
I has been glomped
Facepalm!
oops
10,02TOY_PON3: i is a silly filly :3
dont worry jesus
Weeping Angel there?
Shizuka: not weeping angel, JESUS
dramatic lagging.
facepsalm
DEATH TO ALL PASSENGERS
DON'T BLINK!
the oh god no facepalm, very rare, very powerful
Pinkie: Weeeeeeeee
DEATH TO ALL HUMANS
also, that was AWESOME
dramatic lag
DEATH TO ALL HUMANS
gobacken sidoona
would you let a cow live in your house?
one, two, three DEATH FROM ABOVE!
Here's Joooohny!
brbrbr
russian dance time
GOBACKENN SIDONNA
lol
Johny!
dat Johnny
that was easy.
botten
much better!
dat face
is ponies on yet? i cant see! too much lag
may day = russian new year? lol
Google image search "owl antlers bacon cupcake" Click on the first one.
Hysteria!
Get a hold of yours
lol
xD
This scene
Everyone take a turn!
so i says that's no cow that's my wife!
Dat calming.
slap
lol
Why do you shake people to calm them down?
dat calming
slap dat ho
lol beating scene
lol
Here comes the gauntlet.
dat wrench
dat nun xD
0,14Fun fact: slapping someone is not the best way to get them to calm down
calm down
^cool guy for continuously calling me Singhi
lol
SLAP DAT HO
xD
If a cow managed to make it into my house I may be so impressed that it could stay
assault is funny
jffry890 no
gun
Here come more slaps
hammer time
Secret to Excess - that slap
I want, too!
dat amount of people trying to help
?????
gun?
read the URL before you click it
a gun?!?
http://shouldwedrinktonight.com/
Scuse me
Hey Ghosties, are you there?
Jews for Jesus :3?
Dat wall of text.
dat flower
4
5
How bout Buddism?
Ghosties in the chat?
6
i already know the answer
7
he is my hero <3
lol im looking at the picture right now
how about buddhism!
Fighting everyone!
0,14Rex Kramer like a baws
:[
dat sfx
It's hilarious.
That fite
game face
ccccombo breaker!
Dragonshy i dont think danish is good to talk here
????????
lol awesome
I do that often. Like Bronyriffic instead of nyria
Rex Cramer is the manliest!
poor Scientology guy
:o
/me hugs Ghosties
ugh I hate you lag!
Nyria*
7x combo
he gots his game face on
hiya Ghosties!
are we allowed to post links?
Athena*
XD
that ones mine
speak*
hey Ghosties
No, sadly...
dat often nick changing odd person. XD
who hasn't wanted to do that?
To images only, and only if relevant.
people being clamed by bags
Airports would be so much more fun if you got to ride the luggage conveyors.
no not the birds! :'(
LOL
Say the rules.
LordDerpington: eeyup
dat dual sunglassess
Eeyup.
Nyrua us biw Athena?
Lol xD
okay
He flew with strike
glasses in glasses
what other choice do dey got?
Nyria*
Sry, I didn't know why that was funny
right?
Eeeyup
the hell?
...
Glassception
Dat spear
Umm
Random spear
wut
:o
Yes, Lordderpington
He's now using Athena
glassception
spear!
THIS NEEDS TO BE MADE INTO A DEAL WITH IT GIF!
dat piercing effect
MELON
They playing darts?
then melon
Johny?
and falling effect
whut?
What is a man
lol
0,14darn, I forgot the joke I made yesterday regarding his double glasses
Who droping shit?!
i like the nudity melons more ;)
Looks like I pick the wrong week to x.
^
lol
Kencolt: Me too
Each one of these movies got worse than the one before it. But Airplane! was the best movie ever made.
x?
You can work thm direct from ere
tch boys
i picked to wrong week to stop sniffing paint
Oh no.....
This again?
woot
fill in the blank
dohohoho
I'm BronyState Chatting, Watching Airplane on a livestream,a nd Watching the BEGINNING of Airplane on a vinyl video record on an RCA Selectavision player. I am MULTITASKING like a baws! :$
Constant name changing... http://i.imgur.com/UooHK.jpg
lag
:(
dat bucket
x value
Who is the paint sniffer? I am never able to tell where I've seen that guy before.
ect.
Spocke indeed.
Oh, a variable.
Hire Pinkie. She will do all the work.
I never lag during streams >_>
MMM. DAT REX
da faq
Yeah "Kramer"
Think of it like math.
ITS SNOWING!!
ah shit
YAY!
Yeah.
lol
13the decision is YOURS
Randomnerd: You have to agree thought, Shatner was a welcome piece of insanity in Airlplane! 2
Wow, you have a working Selectavision? That's pretty rare these days.
Captain Planet?
dat self esteem murder
1,3I'm off to work, have fun watching the movies everypony :)
I CAN LAND THIS PLANE. HRRRRRRRRRRR
k
Bye dude!
13bye kirz~
bye!
bye Kirztryfe
Work hard kirzstryfe
0,14later kirzstryfe!
later kirzstryfe
Bye, kirzstryfe!
bye kirzstryfe
@ d3rb2 your "four legs rule" would you let a octopus in your house?
bye kirz
Bye kirzstyfe!
byeee ^^
Bye kirz!
bye
oh my god we're egg heads!
O.O
bai bai
da fuck
Great! I missed it.
dat explosion
Discord, Y U be tossin choccolate milk
Bye kirzstyfe
wtf is a selectavision? lol
bye-a kirz
auto pilot!
lolz i no haz to work
11,01Can't get the movie to play.
Same
i ish in middle school! :P
that's true
lol
....in the right fish tank that would be pretty cool. This four legs rule may require revision
lag
that inflatable pilot wants a round two
lol
dat gropey autopilot
dat horny autopilot
green?
11,01Wut? A draconeequs can't have a drink of glass anymore?
Otto molestation
xD
lol
It's something that came out in 1979. It plays vinyl record that have full color video coded on them.
Surprise rape
Then anypony who has ever sudied math is an egghead? I basically started math... I am the supreme egghead then...
jffry890: it's an old video format, kind of like LaserDiscs but with a capacitive disc instead of optical.
Nittany_Discord: ofc not
I'm gonna watch the Friday stream AND the Saturday stream next week!
Didn't you learn anything from "Reading Rainbow."
moestia approves
i have something to make you rethink that
mmmmm boobiez
rape
haha autopilot is humping her doggystyle
*molestia
I have no idea what I'm watching.
Naughty Auto Pilot
Cop a feel
http://www.cracked.com/funny-163-australia/
http://i.imgur.com/UooHK.jpg
LOL
*drool*.......wuh?
rofl
meanwhile, what?!?
dafuq
They changed the episodes name after it was made.
Steam keeps freezing on me D:
start panicing!
Pyrexo: at this point its Otto a Feel
wut
Hm... something seems off...
dat nose
Yep
oh pinnocio
lol
I have the weirdest boner right now......
What would happen if he said his nose would grow
nice nose
:P
dat nose
Doctor Pinocchio
so are the ponies next?
put a brazzers logo on this!
coffee is ready
dat pinnocio effect
pinkiederp: yes
Got it hehe :)
NxPaqu I think his nose would explode.
A little?
yay :)
Good thing i liove in australia.
wait thats bad...
NxPaqu, his head will explode i think
lololololol
hmmm...
Foreshadow
I'm in Calculus and AP Chem.
dat bird
:P
...
The vulture waiting in the background...
Everything is fine but if anyone needs reassurance please feel free to sit on my nose
suddenly vulture
<3
dat buzzard
Any possiblity that we could switch streams after Airplane?
dat vulture
dat rain
poor jesus
that REALLY buzzes
dat sponge
Buzzards that really buzz.
oops
Failure
lol
dumb b*tch
LOL :$ awkward
I have one job and I'm going to do it.
um
Woot!
I'll admit eggheadedness.
how's your computer handling? SLUGGISH
That silence
inb4 epic granny
dat translation fail
im in AP jive
does anyone here speek leet?
Jive
that was some damn good timing
lol
0,14dat jive
isn't Shatner a welcome piece of insanity ANYWHERE?
he had fish.
jive time!
Indeed
i speak jive xD
I speek jive!
Jivin' June ftw
Dat hang loose.
where's Dken?
Dat Big Momma
the old lady speaks jive
lol
Old gangsta momma
grandma rape
0,14It's all that Jiiive Talking
Cut me some slack!
lol
Dat jive ass momma
lol
7up
JOHNY!
0,14Telling me lies
i heard 7up ^^
jive ass dude ain't got no brains anyhow
Now I want 7up
awesome
typing
brb
Jiiive, dude. Jive.
that fast typing
gangsta granny is gangsta
epic typer guy
lol
Or a boat.
lol
taptaptaptap
^
dat typewriter
That need to bne a gif
/me eating cookies, offers more to everypony
incoming Pony :P
mmmmmmmmmmmbed
I love how he is typing. His hands just flail around.
Indeed
May the Jive be with you.
pony
hello Claurice
Pony time!
Beware, there is a horse.
Oh boy 3 AM
:O
who is this
PONY :D
Awwww
Dat Horse
i wish i knew how to make gifs
Hoerse.
hurr im a horse
Big Macintosh, what have you been doing!?
I wanna pony in my bed now
...
it's Big Mac!
Horses are mythical creatures.
Big Mac
The hell is that
dat beastialiy
Neigh
BIG MAC
Big Mac, you dog
lol
Big Mac, that playa
I me ome gu called sheepy and he is the most anoying guy you hveever met o you should ban him from chat
uh.
:D
why has she h=got a horse in bed
???
that explains everything
hy
I ship FLUTTERMAC
whyu
WHAT
ahoeuo
It's the 11th Doctor Whooves.
:)
Whats this movie anyway?
HORSE
Those can't exist...
I came back to seeing a horse in bed
he cheating on cherilee already?
airplane
So Cheerilee turned into a human?
Echooooooooooooo
Dat echo
echo echo echo
13what and you DON'T have a pony in your bed?
Inner VOICE!
whats with the horse whinny?
0,14This pilot, full of 100% pilot concentrate
No! CheeriMac!
ECHO
Dat concentration.
echooooo-o-o
guys, stop it, CHERILLE AND BIG MAC ARE NOT IN LOVE
OW
The 11th is in Ponyville. It isn't possible!
he's got to CONCENTRATE
echo!
Lol!
dat voice
So much lag T.T
-_-
pigs in spaaaaaaaaace
Autopilot
10,02When I'm asleep, there's a pony in my bed, cause imma pony :3
Guys, stop it. No one cares about your shipping fantasies.
lag
xD
Dem sum strong blowers
First verse tilll im on till im on theisland
0,5I love all his movies.
*puts Fluttershy back on the shelf* no I don't have a pony in my bed...
lol
Veemi.com I does not liek.
YOUFOOL YOU OPEND THE WINDOW
i'd love to have that in my room
?
Does having a pony pillow count?
close the window?
oh to have Fluttershy to snuggle with
so much lag
He has his game face on
wtf is everypony?
13that raneg..
Twi is in my bed! LOLOL :$
:)
that would be awesome
0,14DAT JAZZ
dat oven
13range rather
So Random
Dat band
Hi!
dat turkey
lol
Veemi is better than that newlivestream crap
dat music
airplane again?
dat turkey
dem instrument
dat music
im gonna get a soda, you guys want anything?
Dat wags
http://www.goddesssophiawalker.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/Trek-Who.jpg
inb4 sweat
dat sweat
dat brb
^
dat dat spam
I would like juice.
Dat Meth
xD
damn u otakon :(
dafaq? a brass band?
Truly he was the Nicholas Cage of the 60s-80s era. Even where he was bad, we loved him because he was Shatner
dat stfu
Pyrexo: what?
doing meth like a boss
you pick the wrong week for everything
WRONG WEEK LOL
okay
now take some pictures
Ice cream mic
0,14oooh, ice cream!
dat icecream cone
bone?
One of the mics is a bone
inb4 dat sweat then i said dat sweat hehe :P
Is that a chicken wing
Thankyou, we're the Crazy Cockpit Jazz Band. We'll be here all week.
WZAZ
is that a wing?
oh ice cream
^-^
looked like a chicken bone
that ice cream cone
be back soon i have to go pee
like a big tylenol
O_o
13looks like a big tylenol
Let's take some pictures!
getting the picturs
lol
JOHNY! YOU CAWWaaazzzyy
:D
Stealing like bosses
0,14it's puns like these that are near and dear to my heart
I LOVE THE 80's!
We can sell these for millions!
747 is now Tylenol
???
SaxyShirley: agreed
Family Guy has NOTHING on the humor in this movie
Spinning newspapers make me dizzy.
I love how this all happened in less than 2 hours
NOTHING! :O
it's not theft, it's journalism
wut
Craaazy*
SaxyShirley: dos anyone hate airplane?
A white paper on the road
Boy trapped in refridgerator eats own foot. As you do.
Poor boy
Mmmmm, foot
Ello all
that beep
?
hiya Doorman
dat pict
wut
Dat plane in the painting
Anyone understand drum?
Dat wall scroll
0,14I'm sure there's people out there like that, Moonshy
the
lol
hell
Dat camera pan
Oatmeal!? Are you craaazy?
news.
10,02lol Let em crash!
I love the itchers
Oh hai Bill O'Reilly
rapeface iniiated
dat bitch
"They knew what they were getting into!"
pitchers*
Asshole
god
LOL
0,14That guy's a jerk.
:D
Who was that guy?
Well I have to go for awhile bye everyone
"I say, let 'em crash!"
creeper
dat switch in places
xD
0,14later SkilledSkillet
I DO COCAINE
See ya Skillet
you monster
scotch
I take coke instead.
INB4 Coke
dat Cocaine
COCAINE BITCH
oh.
she prefers crack
I do cocain!:O
xD
dat jealous face
...
:D
/me because he needz one
Randomnerd: Not sure, Google for "Counter Point"?
phahah
and remember guys
y u mad lady?
lag
lolcocaine
must.save.the.chat
THIS IS PG
Why do ponies keep saying oatmeal? Is this a meme I missed?
If he had that now a day... He's be WALKING FUNNY by the time the TSA was done searching him!
Cocaine XD
.............i do cocaine
:O
omg coke
Certainly
DAT COKE
Angle dust!
I like watching this blind.
That twinkle
Stop calling me Shirley.
Jaws was PG too
03oooooooooooooooooooo
This is PG?!?!
1980's PG movies were awesome.
Stop callin' him Shirley:|
CALLED IT!
im back..and i got you some juice Luna
god, 80's were better for movies
Well, yeah.
what?
do she speak jive?
This was PG in the 80's yes
lol
Lol!!
hit his head with the guitar
THE MUSIC! IT HURTS!
lol
Thank you for the juice.
she is RAPING the song
/me sips juice
mmmtab ^^
nun singing respect? wat???
11,01Anyone else having lag issues?
Don't call me Sherley
bottoms up
What ep is next week?
yes
Eeyup
yes Nittany_Discord
IKR, now movies can't have boobs without being NC-17
I am Nittany.
YE
yes
Not right now
no lag here
Severe lag issues.
Fine for me
whoa, she is my age
/me nomz Potatochips
no lag here
/me dusts Nittany_Discord's head. "I was but it cleared up"
Yes, Nittany_Discord . Halts on a frame for a few seconds.
ouch
wut are we watching???
NxPaqu: no, not without being R
owned
dat tact
Slap her again!
owned
Juicebox?
11,01Yeah.
APPLE JACK IS PONY I LIKE
LOLFAIL
Airplane, I've been told
damn
i haz strawberries u guise
you bitch
"A Friend in Deed"
13stay in formation
Is that a problem?
13do a barrel roll
Oh really?
When Pinkie Pie meets Cranky Doodle Donkey, she becomes flummoxed about what to do when the donkey refuses her usual offer of lifelong friendship, so she must decide what to do next about the first creature ever to do such a thing.
Who's a silly pony
Press A to shoot.
dat stockfotage
SPARTANS...
10,02Stay on target.
FORMATION
Press Z or R twice
Shizuka: you HAD to do that didn't you?
i have you now
shoot the targets
Where did YOUUUU learned to fly?
/me gives juicebox.
STOCK FOTTAGE
0,14Y changes your special weapon
Is this airplane?
11,01Use Shizukas wisely.
lol
Airplane!
Eeyup
DO A BARRELL ROLL!
Dem flying machines.
YOULL HAVE TO DECIDE
Twi: now she's sniffing the coke
Use Boost to get through?
all that stock footage
dat roflcoptor
DECIDE YOU TO HAVE
dat flying apparates
NO SPOILERS DAMN IT
rats in the cockpit
ewww
0,14eww
10,02Try a Summer Salt!
ewwwwwwwwwwwww
Gremlins!
dat shit hit fan
Did that fan take a dump?
shit hit the fan
Ewwwwwwwww
Ewwww
/me hugs IshBestPony
xD
ewww
...
YES!
just press Z or R twice
wow
:D
That's nasty.
ew
hahahahahah
THE BEST GAG EVER!
Btw I talk alot.
Spike: OMG! WHAT DOES THAT MEAN
my GOD
Ayup everypony!
dafuq? :D
Bad time to quit sniffin glue.
It was from the bed pony
theres a fire in the barn!
It's snowing in Canterlot?!
kingdom hearts
I ALWAYS WANTED TO SEE THAT HAPPEN :D
dat Johnny
According to statistics and simple logic, this plane has ibigger crash chance than Windows Vista
Kiss her!
auto!
:(
11,01Lag is still horrible for me.
hello everyone!
my friend might get on! :D
riku
i'm still laughing
Go auto pilot.
Oh boy, here we go again.
lol
Otto is better than you anyway
kiri
hello
Whatever, I don't care.
Twi: Probably that the coke is good.
Let Otto land.
Same here, terrible lag
leon
go auto, go go auto
lol
sorry i've missed the last 2 weeks ?/?
Autopilot sure is a running gag
dat pedo blow doll
>.>*
goofy
LAlalalalalallarger
LOL
donald
hehehe
akward
Haaai Combustiblelemons
HORRIFIC lag... and I usually don't get any.
0,14oh hai Combustiblelemons
lag
Awaaaay
Hey Combustiblelemons!
I love that guy
hiya Combustiblelemons
hey guys, i just got done playing my new game, god of war 3!
meahwhile :D
wat?
lolwut
/me made a funny
dat bomber
drinking problems.
0,14dat drinking problem
Dat drinking problem
Hi.
At least get my name right!
and otakon :3
SO THAT'S WHERE THAT GAG IS FROM!
/me hugs IshBestPony
13dat mass ping
close one.
fail.
Hello everypony.
i snorted coke onew
^_^
once
how was it
No, those are the ashes from the spaceship that Torchhoof destroyed with their laser.
hey globe
indeed
00,03everything is okay on my end!
i decided pepsi was better
is the friday stream always on @ 7:00 EST?
Drinking problems lol
/me hugs IshBestPony, IshBestPony and IshBestPony back
heard it from bronystate
I looked out the window for a spell to see much wind and snow, yet no hatred? So it isn't windigoes?!
hug ALL the people?
hi Globetrotter :)
good to see everyoes is here
I haven't had any lag either.
I haven't even been active for 4 hours.
0,14yep, pinkiederp
Alright now: Pancakes!
hello Globetrotter
And then I get pinged.
/me hugs IshBestPony back
Those lags turn sometimes into neat sentence mixing.
/me glomps IshBestPony
yep
My chat is derping. BRB
hey Globetrotter
laaag
/me hugs IshBestPony
How's everypony doing?
eyo
00,03BTW, whats up guys?
what movie are we watching?
i just started but its fun :)
I will be on!! :D
fine here.
0,14A plane
same
all good here
Airplaine!
you're a pedo also
/me glomps IshBestPony
airplane
I have to put what my fouchen cookie sed
ba boom tsh @ masterbrony
0,14that's what's up XD
/me huggles IshBestPony :333
And no, that's not nick spam, I just hugged him 3 tiems. :3
/me hugs IshBestPony
Quite well Globetrotter, yourself?
:o
R there snakes on this plane?
00,03I c wat u did thar
/me glops Kammerjunk and SuperBrony64 to break combo.
nope D:
my doggeh is giving me his fluttershy face..... :(
How much longer is this movie?
awww
/me brohoofs MaterBrony
:P = Johny
C-c-c-c-combo breaker.
Glop.
3 hours
Ictiv how does one glop?
lulz @d3rb2
Theres a perverted autopilot
gentlemen.
One does not simply glop into Mordor.
/me brohoofs MasterBrony
12 years
Quite simply.
/me hugz Dken2021
And a dead pedopilot
for the Zipper
Meanwhile eggggsactly!
hello
lag
Meanwhile: I literally just said the same thing.
Combustiblelemons.
will be here for a wile flutter_spin
:
brohoof @ The_4th_Wall
flutter_spin: FOREVER(Pinkie Pie voice)
/me yawns
/me hugz Combustiblelemons
You see one stands here, his target there. and the the gloping commences
Out load, that is.
for the zipper?
0,14And this is the movie that changed Leslie Nielsen from a serious soap opera actor to a comedic one
my video is skipping
then the*
You must be a wizard.
said this all on his dying breath :P
Music.
:3 happy to be here too
Dat Notre Dame theme
dat music
HUZZAH!
dat band
an hero
playing
Kammerjunk: Of course I am
SaxyShirley: he did SERIOUS before this?
It's game time.
dat blow doll
0,14yeah
I DEMAND THE SMOKING GUN.
:"D
Time to SERIOUS tha buck up.
Let the Gloping begin~~
Dat auo pilot.
lol why is an inflatable pilot flying a plane?
HOW MANY POINTS DO I RECIEVE?!
Nooo Ottooo
i missed a lot >.<
He was serious in The Poseidon Adventure.
why not?
Because he's the autopilot
0,14His role in this movie is a parody on the roles he was best known for.
oh may that ping scared me, forgot that the chat was open ._.
XD
The Internets
receive*
Combustiblelemons: Becasue Apature Science
every ones smoking
..
/me Glops Starflash
That determination
....
that what is on the what?
/me noms™ IshBestPony
fail
lag getting worse
Actually :O = Johny
lag...
:D
lol i can tell this movie is awesome
fat cat
I have only one note to make on all the gloping going around
00,03BTW guys, apparently Scootaloo is a burger now
D:
/me nomz Starflash back
Imma put on mah big boy pants
u guise i so sowwy
a burger?
Is it a chicken burger?
i just farted
PENNY
13sale at penneys! out of my way
lol
:D
McScootaloo: Its wierd i know
PENNIES
Pony meat burger?
*rolls eyes* AND NOTHING SEXUAL HAPPENED THAT DAY
/me noms SuperBrony64
LOL
So random
pinkiederp we need not know that
/me goes to Pennys
SaxyShirley, apparently he liked the change
flutter-yay..... i get the internets
he is NOT fluttershy :[
Me John, big Fluttershy
just waiting for my mc server to give out places again :S
Me jhone, BIG TREE
REPUNZEL!
Well.... :P + :O = Johny
Me John, big Fluttershy.
there's a sale at penny's!
Who is shepy
XD
Tree powers activated!
Heres Johnny! >:D
scootaloo can also officially fly now
I found out. Now I need to eat it
O_o
RAPUNZEL!
dafuq?
if tree then :[
lol Pinkie Pie in human male form
random guy is Random
what exactally happens in 3 hours?????
The McScootaloo is now a German only Chicken Sandwich
What are we watching?
A Tangled reference?
NO SPOILERS DAMNIT.
dafuq?
I haven't seen it.
epic inflight movie
LOL
Lol!!
Best in-flight movie ever!
Perfict inflight movie
best movie ever!
hello~
Cool movie selection!
That newb at ground control
13ref looks like don davis
Its ok. I haven't seen it either
Still better than Spirit.
:o
You gonna get glopped.
Tangled? That movie came out way after this one, Tovler. xD
Captain Kirk
nice unrelated film
RAPUNZEL
we're watching Aeroplane I think Globetrotter
0,14XD
0,14dat line
this movie should play on airplanes XD
No one Glops me :(
I dunno I missed the beginning
no captain falcon?
someone ping me when "top secret" start please :)
lol
*sniff*
._.
aeou
nomz Potatochips
darn it there needs to be a captain falcon...
Will do TheGreatAndPowerfulT.
Glop should glop glop.
Thanks
That would be awesome.
rapunzel's not here; RARITY LET DOWN YOUR HAIR
/me glomps Ictiv
Burn
Yessh!
Nice boobs!
i haz a strawburry
lol
that woman is ugly
xD
2/10 would not bang
MY FRAND IS GETTING ON!!!
John hates your fashion.
ATARI!
Pwned :D
I had that game
for the love of Luna
ah lag!
lol
http://reichrolld.com/
dat atari
00,03Dat atari
I haz an Atari 2800
dat atari
bad lag now
Man, They keep having video game references in their movies :P
its so ooooold
HAH
Is this airplane?
*facehoof*
atari
2600
aeiou
yes it is Ziltoidian
multitasking right now :S
yes it iz airplane
what
Budweiser!
BUD
Budweiser.
John is Rarity?
lolwat
beer
Lights on the feild XD
ICE SWEAM!
omg
...
dat budweiser
uhhhhhhhhh
HEIL HITLER!
dat isreal
/me hugs Starflash
budweiser
guys?
:D
Multitasking is best tasking.
Lol!!
/me licks everypony
Offend all the minorities
i just noticed something
lol
/me glomps Ictiv
air isreal
crash position
this should be good
Ohai SB :)
dat duck
ITs the jewplane!
dat laggg
whats that
Rubber Ducky
10,02Hai :3
duck
DUCK!!
lol
00,03Ducky <3
isnt that cute
0,14My disco is deaaaaaaaaaaaaaad
it died
SB, what do you like?
Ow :(
Yes!
DUCK
place your head between your knees....
0,14;n;
Disco Died
Close call
IshBestPony: I said Nothing sexual happened that day. Don't make me a liar :|
00,03Disco lives Forever!
and then disco died
Disco is denied.
remember S2E1 and 2?
close enough
You're a silly willy wubby schnubby oogie woogie billy filly, SuperBrony64
not any more
yes
Disco Discord
yeah
epic voice guy
10,02:>
00,03:'(
disco disco duck
discord eps
read this
Seinfield. I can't just ... ugh
http://makeundermylife.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/11.jpg
Disco is staying alive
AWESOME EPS
disco lives forever *disco dies*
Ictiv I'm just licking faces, nothing sexual bout that
those mushy words
Ew! Gag!
I just bought a top 20 Disco record today! LOL!!!
Starflash: You forgot Timey Wimey
Although this is within 24 hrs of the epi :<
ouch
0,14...well played, moop
Dead
Where's otto?
Ictiv no Timey Wimey, sorry
dat crappy camera quality
IshBestPony: Nothing about licking faces?
She loves him
Muffins: past that part already
Suddenly Romance
SaxyShirley: :)
einstein was the influence for those eps
brb need a drink
dat proudness
kitchen in the plane
Starflash: Buh-buhh.... Timey Wimey!
Romance is killin' me
80s movies are bomb
thats how they live
FnInt( :[ , :$ , :( x²+ ¼ :| x + 2, x)
/me licks Ictiv
EINSTIEN IS A BRONY
Oh btw. Prince of Persia: -16th incarnation
For I am - Forever Alone
agreed pinkiederp
Wut
lison to the music score at the end
???
Time is like a river...
otakon: Don't drink too much you might need to use the little fillies room
No
:P
Oppenheimer too?
blahblahblahblah
dat logic
That's just they EXPECT
and i was the brony to find it:D
pride! the deadly sin >.>
cant remember the rest
Prince Of Persia. <33
/me looks at IshBestPony dramatically.
pfft xD
PonyGirl_82 we shall be friends
Clever.
just what they'll be expecting us to do
Pony calculus!
everything 80s is the bomb
Sands Of Time <3
woof woof
what does this mean?
I thought Elaine was gonna say she's preggo
Its a returning gag
We are all counting on you : 1
IMPORTANT NOTIC BRONIES!!!!
Warrior Within <333
O_O
toomuch lag. Later.
stupid lag
Dari what if Prince of persia = time lord :O
/me gives a large kiss to IshBestPony The Godfather style.
Two Thrones <3
I wasn't even alive in the 80's.
Just wanted to tell you both good luck; we're all counting on you.
wife is feeling horny
lol leslie
Okay Pinkiederp I am down with that
80's MLP wasn't that good
dat chest rub
remember S2E1 and 2?
lol
uhhhh
Dat grope.
Oh my God.
/me gives MasterBrony +20 awesome points
Starflash: Then I can die happy
READ THIS!!!
http://makeundermylife.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/11.jpg
Meanwhile I wasn't alive in the 90s lol
i was born in the late 80s D:
flutter-yay
Intigration of the function :( x²+ ¼ :| x + 2 from :[ to :$ .
lag
why couldn't i be born in the early 80s
pinkiederp: Now I feel old, thanks for that.
/me rubs Ictiv's head "good dog"
im now 20% cooler
I was born 84
yyy+ur yyy+ub ur y+y 4=?+?
aw whippersnapper XD
ur welcome!
Starflash: I can tell you the whole quote I think
That is EPIC MasterBrony xD
I was born in the mid 90's
94
Let me try
97'
nice
Looks like I picked the wrong week to sniff glue
Not as old as otakon though.
93 ftw
meh the 90s were ok
OTENKO
ew
85
92'.
yh
And .... DED
The whole time doesn't flow straight but is like a river/ball of wibbly wobbly timey wimey. Prince = 10th doctor
1996
thats why hes the master :D
I'm OLD
lol
87
90
lol
Einstein was a BRONY!!!!!
the internet is wonderous
94
'93
WRONG WEEK
90s were awesome, don't hate.
96
out!
94 :)
/me 13picked the wrong week to quit sleeping
'99
'00
94
they were
82 do I win the prize?
bye Moonshy
'85. I didn't need cable to watch cartoons.
Sweating time.
Aw, now im lagging again
the 80s looked better
897 BC
Im not leave
Shizuka: you sleep?
why do you keep saying that?
I was born of the new Milenia
0,14I picked the wrong month to not be allergic
Ok Ictiv go quote :D
13sleep?
Some people think that time is like a river, but I have seen the face of time and I can tell you: They are wrong. Time is like an ocean in the storm...
13was ist?
lol moop is cheating I think
Dat washing machine
THE CLOTHS
Dang
80's Bronies are best bronies!
Star Trek?
1992 was best 90's
That's far as I've got
LOL
lol, the movie.
dat laundry
Shizuka doesn't sleep, just sometimes for a few hours she doesn't move at all.
Ok
laundry lol
lol
"wise you are, wise you be, you are to wise for me."
so pinkiederp doesn't remember a time when youtube didn't exist.
batman
dat hair
0,14that guy is so high
indeed Cypresswolf
00,03I picked the wrong month to be a German Burger...
XD
97
Spiderman.
Lol the star trek alarm
lol
0,14because he's in a control tower
Crash-Positions!
still not bad given i didn't play it for like two-three years
...
PonyGirl_82: im just as old a Luna
*too(
What an Asshole :(
/me pets McScootaloo
this movie is awesome >.<
McScootaloo: You so tasty :3
LOL :D You're a burger
muhahaa
SaxyShirley: I C WOT U DID THAR
/me eats McScootaloo
trololol
just kidding
I picked the wrong month to start RPGs
Nice~
m
j
10,02Combustiblelemons: IKR
k
lol
j
Do A Barrel Roll
:D
h
j
k
/me licks fillyfillyy
nope! But I remember Blue's Clues
???
Damnit John.
Troll
he dead
use the boost to get through
Dat dive
Best combination: A: Airplane, B: Big Bus
HALLO! MY NAME IS The_4th_Wall! I AM BROKEN! PREPARE TO DIE!
haha
suicide #4
It's coming right at us!
no f*cks where given that day
No one seems to care about him dying.
better now than never
00,03I'm being eaten D:
get some dry ice!
add another to the body count
My friend played through the whole of Sand of Time on a dance mat.
he's dead jim
i wont die
Hudson river
my average day at school
meh... he does that every friday
Too fast! Too hot! Too cold! too far left! not that left!
Dken2021: we could have used you earlier to translate JIVE
*shakes controls violently*
Ughh, here comes the sweat
Fred Fuchs!
i will marry Luna.....COME HERE MY SWEET!!
yes toy pon3 you didnt have to mention the reference
you're a chickenburger
Turn off your targeting computer
Big Bus was basically "Airplane!" on a Highway.
AVGN fred fuchs!
This lag is amazingly terrible. I'd have left already if the movie & the other viewers weren't so damn funny :$
use the force
Crikey that's a big one. *Wrestles the controls*
XD
Just wanted to tell you both good luck; we're all counting on you.
NOT IF MARRY HWER FIRST
2
jffry890: Just in case no pony has heard of him.
well shit
lmfao XD
dat sweat
MY FRIEND ISH GETTING ON NOW!!!!! I AM HAPPY WHIPPERSNAPPER
nice sweat
We are all counting on you : 2
Same Pyrexo :p
o thats where thats from LD
Ewwwwwww
:D
So much sweat.
Star Fox: "Good luck"
We're all counting on you
i.will.kill.you
/me is wished good lucj
dat sweat
doctor troll
lol
no pressure Ted
*lcuk
Rofl :D
ive heard that line in so many things
05DO A BARREL ROLL
*luck
luna is MINE!!!
it...is....onnn
hes sweating an ocean
sweat waterfall
Damn hes sweating
SHOOT THE TENTACLES TO OPEN THE CORE!
i totally just lagged out and cant get the stream.... wtf
xD
And then Gandalf Stood on the runway
he's sweating barrels
LOL
?
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!
he's sweating a river
Lylatwars was best game
Luna belongs to MasterBrony
lol
/me unleashes his secret weapon, pinkie pie
dat sweat
use bombs wisely
he brakes like grand theft auto
Brake petels?
NO EXCEPTIONS
Damn it, Johnny...
What a Tweeeest
what a tweeest
best acter in the movie
XD
Its a twister
Dat twister
Yayyyyyyy
petals?
Niko Bellic Comes and starts to shoot up the plane :P
dat model plane
and then BOOM
This movie is pure comedy gold
lol
Dat Wizard of Oz reference
Johnny is best Flamboyant dude
phonebooth
Just want to tell you both good luck, we're all counting on you.
i just wanted to tell you "good luck"
twister: We've got cows
Just wanted to tell you both good luck; we're all counting on you.
cheap airlines don't cancel even in an emergency
We are all counting on you : 3
13actually i think it was the same one
ok...
:D
What were those things those people ran into?
whoa whoa whoa wait a minute... wtf?
deal with it d3rb2.....i unleasehd an unstoppable weapon
Good luck
couting from 0 to 100 again
Deadlypon3: But Roman calls to go bowling
Timing!
Pinkie pie: CHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGA CHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGACHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGACHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGACHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGACHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGACHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGACHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGACHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGACHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGACHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGACHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGACHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGACHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGA
And that's how Equestria was made
Phone booths!
is that old guy from scary movie 3?
Oh, it's spelled pedal*
WE ARE DEAD
phone booths
lag
We're all counting on you
ARRGGGGGG I GIVE UPP
0,14yep, jffry890
10,02Alright, you all need to vote for Airplane II :P
evening everyone
WOW... Now I feel old, hearing people ask what phone boothes were... :(
Hey ScootaChicken.
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
dat life story
0,14ehhhh, Airplane II
Just wanted to tell you both good luck; we're all counting on you.
shall i call her off d3rb2? do you surrender?
SB no
SuperBrony64: Agreed
ACTA protest today was fun
What are phonebooths?
D: oh god
CHIMICHERRYCHANGA
that "old guy" was a freaking legend. RIP Leslie :(
Yeah.... It'd be a SIN to not pick Airplane II
What are phones?
Luna is yours!!
he still going
MFW "The Big Bus" predates "Alien!" By Ten Years
my face is stepped on by boot :(
you don't see them often anymore, richfiles
you gotta know phonebooths
Ohai ScootaChicken
Red telephone box. :>
HUZZAH
Do elaborate.
Airplane II wasn't as good as this, or Top Secret.
I don't know... it's not as good...
I hope this hasn't put any of you off from flying. Statistically it's still the safest way to travel
whats a land line
er, make that 4
glad we have reached an agreement
Well, they are booths with payphones in them, but that's not important right now.
the one with the spaceshuttle ?
i want a phone booth in my room..... don't know if I want Tardis phone booth or secret hideout phone booth
0,14the only memorable thing about Airplane II wzs Shatner
Kramer's life story is best life story
/me calls of pinkie pie
^
/me off*
Airplane II is still plenty good
lipstick lady
007 phonebooth
I at least had old cartoons to tell what old stuff from way before my time was.
would that be the anti who dari?
why would they do that?:'(
RIP Ambulance
Hub cap.
lag
you can just type /me and say "face is stepped on by boot"
/me rejoices in celebration of MasterBrony's success
oh hey
well they lived long enough
Dat hubcap.
And Lisa's dead again.
Twilight room
best investment my foot
:o
SuperBrony64: after this are youll going to fix the lag?
INB4 Otto
XD
00,03Dat cliche romance
/me throws a party and all are invited
ilikepie where ish you be?!
really i've never heard of a phonebooth
Just wanted to tell you both good luck; we're all counting on you.
Hubcaps vs Hub caps.
Leson to the coris people
YAY
sucks ive been lagging in and out the whole movie. what ive seen is pretty funny. i gotta look it up again later
Dat kiss
0,14woah, that's a big text wall
Are you serious? lol
eeyup
lol
13THAT'S THE SPIRIT.jpg
dat voice
brohoofs all around
I'll watch the pony ep after this then i gotta go >.<
inb4 Auto Stewardess
where is the firework?
dat soundtrack
youve never seen a phonebooth?
inb4 "What's a phonebook?"
ah
i cant wait for top secret
woa
lol
Otto you legend
AHHH
ahh aaAAAAA!
That woah
would you wear a Hub cap?
dat PILOT
AAAAAAAhhhh~
:D
aujto
Bye Otto
XD
evening everypony ^_^
O.O
weve been graced with the presence of a mod
dat unreachable note
loooool
what XD
eventing scoota
autopilot got SWAG
I went to an ACTA protest today!
AUTO PILOT FTW
Autopilot cares not for you.
twas fun
Best of luck to ya Otto.
everyone enjoy the new episode? and no.
:)
drifting like a bawss
Hiya ScootaChicken :P
hahaha
awwwww yeah
dat wink
epic autopilot XD
bow chicka wow wow
boss pilot breaks reality
Swag
AWWWW YEAAAAH
Otto is a baws
Just wanted to tell you both good luck; we're all counting on you.
it was pretty good
O.O
MY FRIEND IS ILIKEPIE U GUISE
Yes, much so.
Auto piolt lady
:o
Commence destruction of Parliament
YAY
<3
Someone's getting laid tonight.
awesome movie was AWESOME
*applause*
Pi/10
Was not expecting the movie to be that crazy
must watch crdits
kareem!
Cool movie! Loved it!
hiya ScootaChicken wb
Speedy Credits
10/10 XD
brb, gotta eat lunch
*applause*
Dat credit lag
Pi/e
and now i can mention it without people getting nervous.
Is the next one as crazy? uh... the B Movie?
hey ScootaChicken
and this is when the shit hits the fan :D
im getting nothing but lag
Fantastic Planet foar B movie
100/10
TOY_PON3: Pi is only 3.14
Murdock... Y No more A-Team?
0,14RIP Leslie Nielsen and Peter Graves
A grown man naked/10
ITS A WIN
probably the best of 80 comedy right there
Stay for Top Secret later, it's by the same writers
Julie Hagerty is fiiiiinneeee
i saw it early:P
flutter_spin: eeyup, same director
3.1415926545
Top Secret was ALSO :O epic funny
moop: Indeed, 360/10
flutter_spin the B movie is pretty crazy
whats next? ponies? or another movie?
PONIES R ON NEXT!!! :D
Just wanted to tell you both good luck; we're all counting on you.
yh, Top Secret is DAMN FUNNY
lol there was a leak
RIP Leslie Nielsen
best ainti troll methoed http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/707/
I vote for "Wrongfully Accused" or "The Naked Gun" for an upcoming movie night!
I saw it today.
B movie could BE an A movie
I missed tghe leak, somepony told me at the time, but I shushed them and dissappeared...
I'm back
jffry890: ponies, intermission, movie, ponies, new ponies
*the
Leslie Nielsen vs Young Val Kilmer
mooncake: inappropriate.
Moonshy: trolls don't care
new ponies?
Moonshy: seems legit
Moonshy: inappropriate.
everyone was like "hey theres a leak" so i hurried on over
Kramer's middle name would be Swagger if he had a place for middle
Airplane is such a classic. It's telling that twenty years later the movie hasn't lost any of it's charm.
himself
lol introducing
Otto is still creepy.
I'm getitng some major lag now.
13thirty
Thirty two years.
Best movie: Monty Python and the Holy Grail
Otto is part owl
Moonshy: encouraging, but a little much for manechat
I said "not now" and didn't believe them...
Anyone play Gotham City Imposters yet?
well.....thats 88 mins of my life im not getting back
games amazing.
ye me
WHO WANTS PONIES
Dashie_Dashie: i have
well i gotta go fix something with my xbox. later everyone
Rex Swagger Kramer.
it's pretty fun
go man in taxi!
Now fst forward
cocian lady
I'm glad it isn't tbh -_^
PONIES R ON NOW!
Goodbye Ginger!
bye good luck
potatochips: ME!
Cocaine Lady
goodluck
Buh by
^
cocaine lady is best
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2542/
flutter_spin: yes definitely
And Weena Mercator as the hopping woman.
Jimmie Walker?
yay...... credits :|
luna eclipsed right?
horse - windy
Jive dudes
as if you wouldnt have spent it doing the same thing
XD
Horse=Windy
so whats next?
LOL
RSK
those are some beastly initials
Hm... Now comes an Interview no?
who wants to be my best stallion at mine and lunas wedding?
Did I say twenty? I of course ment thirty years.
RSK, Risk?
Luna Eclipsed I guess
Moonshy ponies
Top Secret
gripology
Me, plz?
indeed Meanwhile
The #1 Fav Episode
generally in charge of a lot of things
who is Babble with Bronies?
you guys, my fave episode is on next!!!
i think i was just sent to the moon for the CHIMMY CHERRY CHERRY CHONGA "spam"
I have no idea.
put a cartoon movie D:
Oh! Monty Python rocks too! Monty Python! Woo hoo! yay :(
i wanna see last roundup :D
YAY FOR MY PRINCESS!!!
MCMLXXX
why?
I thought the mareathon was on this morning?
my fav episode is Lesson Zero
why were you sent to the moon?
fast forward now?
why?
I feel old knowing this movie is 32 years old.
I've never seen Top Secret, but I do love James Bond films so it should be good.
Potatochips next week
we should watch My Little Pony the movie
:D
PonyGirl_82: It was.
oh that interview thingy?
moop we have
I can't believe Luna Eclipsed got first.
Should we ping the Great T about him?
Three times that episode: HA! HA! THE FUN HAS BEEN TRIPPLED!
Naked Gun is some of Leslie Nielsen's best.
then why are people saying we have it now?
DUDE.... IT'S THE BEST EPISODE~
Luna's popular.
poniez please, rainbow dash doesn't wait for movies
mod claimed it was spam
luna kicks ass
dunno, all i know is i got kicked then i was in a diff room, probably twilight since there was more people in it
Besides Party of One
What if I made a ponisona that was a llama?
i guess
Because it was picked in the lottery.
IshBestPony: :( i wasn't there
they need an emo pony. i would love her forever.
lag so bad.
one time i went on my computer and found that the screen was magnified really huge. it took me an hour to find out how to change it.
lag, dammit
moop neither was I
I LOVE the fact that out of all the voting, Luna was TRULY and SHIRLEY picked as the top favorite pony of all! THOU SHAN'T CALL THINE PRINCESS OF THE NIGHT SHIRLEY!
So There
fair enough i guess, no problem
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-be-careful-what-you-wish-for.jpg
Return of Harmony is my favorite episode.
I was suprised Bridle Gossip wasn't up there at all. It has Flutterguy for crying out loud!
PonyGirl_82: we don't, we have an episode of pony now, it just happens to be one from the mareaathon
/me dons Guy Fawkes mask
You do realize this is like first movie we didn't fast forward on the Credits, right?
Taxi
"Let 'em Crash!" Guy is a reference to Kentucky Fried Movie! The guy was a character in that.
aww man i gotta go now
llama?
/me noms Potatochips
Seeya Combustiblelemons.
we are anonymouss?
STOP IT
bye
night everyone sorry i'm just busy >.<
fav episode is on next
thats it
I wish Cranky Doodle Donkey had been some gothic emo pony instead.
drawn in MLP style.
hey MahBoi777
Night
Take care Combustiblelemons.
bye Combustible
MahBio777: sooo fucking true
LOL NEVAR FORGIVE NVAR FORGET
;)
can we PLEASE fix the lag issue?
WALLPAPER
hey TOY_PON3
PLEASE
Dat Rarity
PONIES?
aww...see ya combustablelemons
moop: ikr?
/me the Potatochips are delicious
flutterguy: shes an evil enchantress and she does evil- god i hate you so much...
So he's not an actual Newscaster/Columnist, but he's a continuity nod fror the Directors.
those eyes
well
bye COmbustible!
/me hugs Mahboi777
Don't burn down too many of Life's houses
rarity
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1076/
dat ear
PIGS IN SPAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!!!!
I see pony!
im having a hard time visualizing a llama in that style
Bye combustable
/me is hugged
I was just playing off of the fact Tchaichovski was playing.
mmmm..... yeaaahhhh
I mean, they have zebras, and I've seen someone do a giraffe.
I need to work on drawing pony eyes
Rarite and VLC
hhmmm
everyone watch a portion of rarity's face
Honestly, so am I.
and admire
Indeed
DAT FLANK
Hai
I need to work on drawing pony everything
hmm i wanna know what that background is
Big Mac's vocabulary increasedby 5, lol
I keep throwing money at the screen but nothing is happening!
http://iambrony.jsmart.web.id/gif/files/ef02313c-5084-4e3a-9aed-3bce3912f270.gif
where the ponies
Pony eyes are easy.
that media player looks familia
vlc
Technical difficulties?
WE WANT PONIES!!!
It's the VLC
^^
flutter spin that was a youtube comment for fluttershy music video
hold on now
http://www.thisiswhyimbroke.com/modern-knives-set
Oh is it intermission?
Thought so
you'll get ponies
sckrillex cover
and the BG is rarity
love VLC
YOU want ponies, I want food.
I'd have to spend a lot of time on it. I'm really more of a beginer artist too, so I need to work on that as well.
hes clopping, give him 5 minutes
skrillex*
LOL
I want food
Dat quarter face
that...
they should make a my little pony fim game
Futurama reference :P
is AWESOME
I hear dat
yay
/me licks some Potatochips
voted most popular episode
lol
otakon: I want food too..... but i'm full
YAY
OMGOMGOMGOMG
0,14dat feeling when we saw this a couple hours ago XD
Was in Veemi yesterday? Worked a lot better yesterday.
MAI WAIFU ISS ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
More Luna Eclipsed :3
Ikr SaxyPretender.
GANDALF
dat noise is scawy
SaxyPretender: eeyup, plus I blame you
ah, the hub-logo version
sexy wizzer twi
when is the new episode coming???
3rd time in 24 hours for me
SO MUCH LAG, WHY!?
pwease stop cwopping :'(
spikeception
00,03You guys chose this as number one! No idea why...
dat feeling when whatching the same ep 3 times in under 24 hours
inb4 the door rings
Dat gif... reminded me of.... PONIEEEEEEEE, PO-ONIE. PONIEEEEEEEE
i cant wait for fluttershy to make her appearance :D best scene of the episode
otakon: I know right?
indeed
Hold on...
my little awesome
McScootaloo: bc it's GREAT
I see it the 4th time now, once in german.
Well you can always watch the new episode on youtube in 1080p
because derpy is inside
the marathon lacked discord
Clopping healthy and natural
McScootaloo: Luna
lag
inb4 epic pinkie chicken
otakon: I think you mean WRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRY
:P
Granny Smith is too old for this shit
How is the mentor to Clover the Clever OBSCURE history?
6_9
granny smith....i know that feel bro
I should have been asleep 5 hours ago too
inb4 pipsqueek!!
*squee* I just saw Equestria Daily's latest post ^_^ So Awesome!!!
o wtf those are the CMCs arent they?
Pip! :)
Clover saved the world!
WHat kind of player stops completely instead of buffering?
ponies are best pirates! :)
L--------------A--A---G
I'll take a break right now.
Oh, I see what whoever that was meant by #bronystate.
NEVER
i could do this ALL day
To old for free candy? NEVER!
that explains why granny smith is there too
TIS A LIE! That was not the best scene of the movie! Luna is best scene of the movie!
lol
L______________AAAAAAA_______GGGGGGG
you are a pirate!
11,01Pipsqueak vs. MAFIAA.
Bottom left corner lets you switch chatrooms.
its 7:30 am :O
Pinkie is dressed up as Scootaloo
CLOWN
i have this ep almost completly memorized...i watch it about 10x a day
grandpa
How is Starswirld Obscure if he was the mentor of Clover the Clever who practically allowed Equstria to be born and is celebrated yearly?
Thou even got the bells right.
there can only be one!
Starswirl*
SING
apparently celestia is officially white
pinkiederp: and scootaloo as a wolf with a chicken in it's mouth
Pip would win that one
pinkiederp: I find that joke highly offensive.
your costume isn't that great Spike
I think I might just stay here though.
Twilight is Merlin
Revamped intro FTW
Is Merlins teacher well known?
god damn this lag!
Dken2021: yh, b4 she was friggin PINK
you forgot to "TYPE IT IN CANTERLOCK"
me too
Equestria*
spike the dragon dressed as a dragon
/me hits computer
(gaiz, I just maed an irony, do I get a cookie?)
freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeennnsss
Less clutter.
This lag needs to be sorted out :/
:D otakon! You win all the internets today!'
Work!
Refreshing fixed my lag, it might help.
lol, how many times have you guys watched all the eps?
and not even teh GOOD PINKIE PIE PINK!
So I wear Twi's costume and I'm a grandpa, clown country music star and Star Swirl the Bearded at once? Yay!
did you know you are my very best *BBBAAAWW!!!*
dammit lag
was that derpy on the cart?
Meanwhile: No, but we don't know him by his stories
A LOT
richfiles: I do?
whoa. lag skip
pimp
Rest of episode is Twilight backstabbing everypony for mocking her costume.
we know him as the Mentor of Arthur
dat BigMac
Fair point.
yh, lots of skippage
probably at least every episode 3 times
Uhhh I hate you Veemi
did Berry Punch go as Daring Do?
Big Mac gets all the fillies
you watch them in order or just whatever you feel like watching?
Starswirlf the bearded, more like Gandalf the blue
last night the chat room was moving nonstop
I would go to Twilight's history class.
scootaloo as a wolf with a chicken in it's mouth :D :O
But realistically, few people give a buck about the people who helped bring people to greatness, they care about the people themselves.
And that's good enough for them.
TOY_PON3: I tried hitting my computer once,but all that happened was a blue screen popping up, so I raged and ran around the house flailing my arms.
This chatroom?
poor spike
it's definitely something-ception
Fluttermac forevs
/me shrugpony.
that rainbow dash
yeah
Dat Shadowbolt
Heimlich manuver!
@d3rb2.....yes
Twitchy-twitch
MahBoi777: Cool story bro
@SuperBrony64 Can you restart the stream to try and fix the lagg?
:P
don't worry spike, I'm a doctor
shadowbolt RD is my minecraft pony skin
Rainbow Dash just DOES know what went wrong.
spike dying
No lag for me
Laaaaaagggg
wait for it.....
dat ace
I don't think it's the stream'
brb
I got nothing but lag.
hi
3
Dragonseption
2
YOU DON'T SAY.
1
DERPY!
DAT DERPY
Derpy ftw
I just don't know what went wrong 6_9
inb4 Derpy
willie nelson reference?
It's behaving for me after I refreshed. For now.
6_9
I just don't know, what went wrong :(
6_9
derpy teleports fast
ಠ_ಠ
What is this lag you speak of?
Country music
I'M A PAPER BAG WIZARD!
and yes i would go too
was derpy wearing paper bags?
Zecora!
NOW IM A PAPER SAD WIZARD :(
Yes, yes she was.
10,02We're working behind the scenes in addressing the lagg issue that some viewers are reporting.
Ugh, gag
mayor clown kills it
clowns are scary too
so McScootaloo was this your reaction to this episode being 1 http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/39/
inb4 zecora
Tell that to IT
Ugh, Lag**
that akward moment when you know the major's voice is the same with spike
Somone dresses as Daring doo in this episode, IIRC
nailed it
What is Zecora dressed as?
zecora looks good with her hair down
damn she looks smexy
god damn lag!!:[
I never had any lag so far??
wait a minute...Spike's costume...purple 'dragon' with green belly...O_O Dear Lord! It's BACK! *cowers*
lol
its a wig
Never underestimate a paper bag. Seriously, I got in a fight with one once and it was damn close.
I am totally buying the official Zecora figure when it comes out.
i really like her mane
Zecora is best pony *troll face*
00,03Exactly my face when
IF U DONT THINK THIS IS CUTE U ARE EVIL! http://iambrony.jsmart.web.id/gif/files/124488%20-%20animated%20animation%20artist-furor1%20artist-internationaltck%20gif%20hopping%20pinkie_pie.gif
a witch?
Lol
:d
An evil enchantress?
I refreshed and it doesn't lag.
=P
lol, one of them is dressed as Scorpion
I want a glow in the dark Zecora
11,01Yeah. White Celestia. Only took a year and a half.
Zecora is dressed as an evi-...sompony already said it...
zecora is zebra- BEST ZEBRA
Okay I'm out, stream lagging too much and besides I saw the mareathon this morning. I'll be back a bit later. Adios all
Nittany_Discord: better late than never, unless you're an electric chair repairman.
shes a zebra
What White Celestia?
Refreshed and still lagging :/
pip will get all the ladies when he's older
FFS lag
Looks like I joined just in time
Wait..
Only white Celestia I know of are customs, and the TV version
any Houston bronies in the stream?
aww bye PonyGirl_82 ^_^
punch moniter
I am NOT evil! I haven't been like that for over a YEAR!
dawwwww
see you later!
richfiles, they're releasing new show-accurate toys. Celestia's gone white, they've got Zecora, DJ Pon-3, Trixie and more.
epic entrance ftw!!
Epic appearance!
Oh look, my guards...
nopony continued the reference
bye PonyGirl_82
No I meant an I.T. Consultant :|
i vote party of one next week. i like pinkamena.
Eternal Darkness doesn't seem so bad right now
bye ScootaChicken! /)(\
Wild Luna appeared
The chat's so quiet now. Earlier, everyone: YAYY WOONA
lol even zecora is scared
bye moop /)(\
someone made a map of the planet equestria was on so i named it Equinos in the Voijei galaxy
I vote PArty of One, also
batman moon!
Daring Doo :D
dat sexy pony
11,01I didn't see a Trixie figure.
*Bows*
...no Houston bronies? ^_^ More ponies for me then
I love Luna
DAMN SHE LOOKS GOOD
SO MUCH AWESOME!!! yay! I am so very very happy!
who doesnt
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2692/
UGH
CITIZENS ON PONYVILLE
berry punch is Daring Do!
are they bowing or fainting?
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-RJJFuKdCsEs/TzatzHEnmYI/AAAAAAAAeeI/s8DjMieRbeE/s1600/424247_381668998517210_118429394841173_1690237_355485671_n%282%29.jpg
ROYAL CANTORLOT VOICE
such a tiny village
of*
CANTERLOT VOICE
Wrath and Vengence?
i never noticed her cape/hoodie turned to bats
Right....there
Spike's custome
So much lagg
full of BABIES
If there's a zebra in Equestria, does that mean there's a pegasus, unicorn, or Alicorn on Earth?
:| really?
at a bad time
Berry punch as daring doo
YE OLDES CAPSLOCK
more lag than ever
There I am, how I looked a month prior...
:(
UNINTENTIONAL INTIMIDATION
Derp.
Does no one remember she isnt nightmare moon anymore
It should be near the Horse Head Nebula.
FEAAAAAST
Why am i lagging so much? T.T
18 yearlod pinkie trolling
http://iambrony.jsmart.web.id/gif/files/ye_olde_capslock_by_mezkalito4p-d4e5pdf.gif
no lag for me
Why is everyone so stupid now?
freaking lag
.. Well Played... Well Played.
I think they have plenty of reason to fear her
I made it in time to see the episode!
they eat grass
Woohoo!
dude
does it always lag this much?
she's pretty intimidating
DANGER DOO!
/me picked this and won the lotto :)
Did you see that?!?
inb4 very well then, be that way.....we wont even bother with the traditional royal farewell
Never realised Berry was Daring doo...
i will have to make up for it by watching this eppisode 200 times and writing a 300 page report on it
it was fine yesterday
there could be, but someone had to go and put up a 4th wall
One of them was Danger Doo.
11,01Nvm. Spotted Trixie.
she uses her normal voice there. although in a cocky manner.
i made up 4 galaxys where everything in fiction takes place. and no.6_9
Luna Eclipsed is #1 fan favorite = Luna is Best Pony!
pinkiederp: Not for me
such odd foreshadowing
didn't you hear?
and d3rb2.....thats a cloak
Slim shady?
There should be more Trixie!!!!!
/me is broken
i switched to a different room and that got rid of the lag.
Does anypony know what the buck a state's business website is?
EVEN NIghtmare Moon! YES! :)
I wanna cry if i see her being sad
/me comes back to have more lag
Luna was always a fan favoutite
D:
Nittany_Discord: trixes in the background?
Muffins, I shall switch
Shit...
surprised that Lesson #1 wasn't #2
Daring Doo you mean...
Rainbow dash room has 0 lag
THE ROYAL CAPSLOCK
Luna likes her eggs SCRAMBLED!!!
inb4 its tradiitonal to speak
This is MY FAVORITE EPISODE
and to use the royal FUS ROD DAH
CANTERLOCK ACTIVE
THIS MUCH VOLUME
Ive got alot of lag too TOY_PON3
http://iambrony.jsmart.web.id/gif/files/ye_olde_capslock_by_mezkalito4p-d4e5pdf.gif
the royal wii
ROYAL CAPSLOCK
Yeah....
richfiles, you know what this means!
instead we got photo finish...
I put on my robe and wizard hat
idk what mine is
caps*
Luna <3
We must start mapping Toys R Us locations!
awww
Oh...= SO MUCH CUTE
WE ARE NOT SURE WE CAN TALK QUIETLY!
lol
You jsut did
i fkin love this part
who is we
moop: http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/129759?search=nope
just*
Squee
this is a good episode
lag dont fail me now
dem pupils
I don't think Fluttershy likes the costumes
SERIOUSLY!! She helped turn her back to normal HOW DOES SHE NOT REMEMBER
nightmare moon.....NIGHTMARE MOON?!?!
Daring Doo and Danger Dash
/me is still embarassed
I mean jesus...
i know this ep
Oh, Nightmare Moon.
This means! I am buying MOAR ponies later
dat moon flank
Moonshy: NOPE? CHUCK TESTA!
Fluttershy: Us, Twilight: God, Door: portal to Equestria.
u scared?
DOES THOU HAST ANY JAM SANDWICHES?!
>n<
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2103/
YOURE GOING TO LOVE ME!!!
*whisper* okay...
Okay. ;_;
/me shows Fluttershy garden scene scream.
okay:(
doorface!
oh... and now I get the lag
how now brown cow
I switched to Applejack
lag
MARRY ME LUNA!!!
11,01I think ponies have memory problems.
lol
Derp Fluttershy
Earth Ponies, y u have LAG?!
I wonder how Celestia sounds like that?
it's the stream channel
dat moon flank again.....
YOU ARE NOT HELPING PINKIE
:[ I HAVE A SOFT VOICE! YOU'RE GOING TO LOOOVE ME!!
damn it PINKIE!
awesome cutie mark
daww poor luna
Damn it Pinkie!! You make Luna sad!
luna sad face makes me cry
11,01Noting.
they also have a natural tendacy to panic when have thechance
nay, children, waaiiitt
Does the room you are in even make a difference in the lag or is it all the same stream=
punkin chunkin ftw
11,01*nothing
im going to get that tattooed on my flank.....
>/)<
Luna is hormonal teenage pony
The stream is the same everywhere.
I feell bad for Luna
I want that royal card
SO SMEXY!!!
Hoof face?
Swap those words*
It seriously makes me face hoof when even most of the Mane 6 don't even remember who she is
LordDerpington, thanks
lol, i would suggest not doing that but hey you can if you want
...do you guys have these things on standby? It is like you are just ready to post these pics
damn you stream
I want that Royal Pony
if this is a diplomatic village WHERE IS YOUR AMBASSIDOR?!
F IS FOR FRIENDS...
What the buck is fun?
Face hoof...
why shouldnt i do that?6_9
Halloween is never this fun around my area
WHO DO STUUF TO GETHER
The Fun has been doubled!
live over 1000 years.. don't know what "fun" is
HUZZAH!
Paytell, what for art these.
I'd hug her and hold on for dear life!
st-stutter pony i-is st-sttuerry
NO, THOU SHALL NOT MAKE A SPONGE BOB REFERENCE WHEN REFERRING TO OUR PRINCESS!
U is FOR YOU AND ME
F is of friends who do stuff together
Those big eyes/
Yes! I got it on the first try! That was fun last year...
hooray!
"Fun" didn't mean what it means today until the 18th century.
inb4 THE FUN HAS BEEN DOUBLED
the fun has been doubled! PUNKIN CHUNKIN!
just get a full body luna tat and dye your hair a transparent and sparkly blue
N IS FOR ANYWHERE
double the pleasure, double the fun
Haha! the memes have been created!
10,02Please note, when the credits for this episode are finished, we will be switching the embed to LimeV. Please be prepared to refresh the page at that time.
Ok Luna Fair Applejack
Oh man. When this was on earlier, you couldn't stop people from referring to Spongebob
yep, do that
"All of you, call me w00na!"
odl SuperBrony64
oh and youre going to have to grow a horn and wings
Thanks SB64
HEY!
ANYTIME AT ALL
that.sounds.like.an.awesome.idea
what's next after this ep?
no more we just me
pipsqueak soup
The pip has been gobbled!
i would do that if i could
DOWN HERE IN THE DEEP BLUE SEA
10,02This will hopefully address any lag issues you are recieving
lags activated
Okey dokey lokey SuperBrony64
will do SuperBrony64
I said it before. I'll say it again...
oh dang wrong place wrong time.
Intermission with an interview?
Refresh when the ep's credits are over
Seriously she just saved him YOU ARE NOT HELPING MATTERS PINKIE
11,01I'm missing Luna. Quality Luna.
Wrigley's Spearmint, and double mint gum
being a pony would be AWESOME
I'd gobble Luna's backside! :D
HA HA! THE MINT HAS BEEN DOUBLED!
10,02mfw I just realize odl means okie dokie lokie
Pinkie: I'm a helper! :O
O_o
they're switching embeds
inb4 HOW MANY POINTS DO I RECEIVE?!
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/90895?search=nope
<3 Still love Luna's Tis a Lie line ^_^
I had a dream with Luna in it. What, that doesn't sound wrong right?
Lol xD
INB4 HUZZAH
Are we having fun yet?
inb4 WHY LUNA WHY!?
Damn im getting lag spikes now
00,03inb4 kiss
richfiles - You're not the only one :)
The lag has been DOUBLED!
im going to ruin this ep for soooooo many bronies
Recieve ALL the pints
I wish princess molestia would just jump in and give them some hot horn action :(
:$
:)
/me nomz Potatochips
Pay $2500 for elite quality Luna outfit
10,02lol What was the mayor doing on that pole anyway :P
LUNA CRAZY FACE!!
I gave up on stream a while ago
Discord would be proud
WIN THE UNIVERSE
cannot ruin this ep, impossible
Dancing.
in... FUN!!!
:)
Pyrexo: me gusta
pole dancing?
That's my favorite luna quote. HUZZAH! How many points...
I just like glitched over "HUZZAH" :(
10,02O U
Skip!?
molestia is celestia's nightmare night costume
Needs moar dancing luna.
http://i.imgur.com/YMsyX.gif
no
The Fun haz been tripled
...I hope it was circus related O_o
NOT THE HUZZAH!
anyone else lagging?
Be STILL!
lil bit
anypony*
:(
FOREVER!!!!!
canceled :(
WOW
my video is constantly skipping
yes
alone
http://images.cheezburger.com/completestore/2011/11/4/e73aacc9-4d78-47f9-b4c0-5db382c87b65.jpg
no nightmare for you
heavy lag here
major lag jump
KISS ME LUNA
FOREEEEEEVEERR
Why is she smiling for a moment there?
SKYRIM
i will make you feel loved.....
>"Aw shoot"
HA!
/me snuggles luna
This has to be the worst lag for me ever
best part of the episode is a pinky pie moment
/me will see if he can arrange that
And then Pinkie decided to be a idiot and make everyone panic
Hello luna GIF
Twilight used LECTURE
it's SUPER EFFECTIVE!
Suddenly Happy Dancing Luna
Mine skips occasionally too.
it's very effective
YAY
You get...no points. Instead you get a hug! *hugs Alarmed_Llama*
Does "BE STILL" sound like "DISPAIR" to anypony else?
poor baby....shhhhh.....it'll be alright
looool
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/7946?search=nope
Dancin Luna
i love you
When is Pinkie Pie not awesome?
Why is there no The Honeymooners x Luna content? That'd be hilarious...
Hey I saw my moon dance at the corner of the screen!
That's is more than enough points Princess_Luna.
me too
it's all Pinkie Pies fault anyway
I like how Twilight gets to play Lone Sane Pony again in this episode
^--^
inb4 muffled ok
royal plot
http://i.imgur.com/YMsyX.gif
dinky is a firefighter
buy a luna plushie and hug all you want, problem solved
you gonna get raped
That OK face
d'aaawwww
:D
i cant find a luna plushie
flutter_spin: I personally didn't like her in Baby Cakes for the most part. Or when she is reduced to having word-of-the-week moments
I'm way ahead of you guys .__.
best part coming up
meet the sexiest pony in Equestrai
everybody's hot in canterplot :P
And then Rainbow decides to be a dick and scare pinkie at the worst possible moment
wow keeps cutting out
yay
oh piece of candy, oh piece of candy, oh piece of candy
00,03Dat potential Brohhof
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-tdeBpkKPR8M/Tbv2tUgvSGI/AAAAAAAAAB4/j2QdI10F_04/s1600/I%252520say%252520shark.jpg
equestria*
/me due to so much lag in stream he watches Super Cider Squeezy 6000 instead :(
00,03brohoof*
just need about $2000 for a good one off ebay :D
egg!
Royal plot is best plot!
and then RD ruined it
Damn it Rainbow Dash
DENIED
can i have 2g's?
God damn it rainbow you dumbass
lol
Twilight needs to remember that she can teleport more often
No shit, Sherlock!
***~Yay~***
inb4 im a chicken
Stupid Rainbow
twilight, you so silly
lag skipping ftl x_x
FUN?
/me HAS 2 Gs
I Say! :O
best part now
I'm a Scootaloo
BUGAWWWK
ha pinky went derpy when she bawked
Gotta go bye everypony
BuKACK!
shes a chicken....lol
F is for fires that burn down the houses
FORGIVEN
^ dat reference
Bawk!
Luna is best pony
I Hate Apple Jack there i it
dat frustrated luna
No I'm not, I'm Scootaloo
I'm not a genius. I'm a chicken. Bagahk!
why can't all monarchs be as sarcastic
Dat Woona <3
U is for uranium...bombs
i hold your enthusiasm Luna
i found a luna plush, i have a feeling it's exactly what you're looking for
http://www.benytongift.com/samolupl.html
U is for Uranium... bombs
cause i love you that much
Bye Pon_Jove232 :)
N is for No surviors!
otakon: ah still haven't seen most of SE2
N is for No Surviiiiiiiivors
lol, thats not cool
PLANKTON :o
not cool dude
True
im glad pinky gutted the mayor...
loading broadcast....
THAT'S NOT WHAT FUN IS ABOUT
WE ARE NOT AMUSED
Forking over our candy to a statue, SOOO much fun
pip gets all the bitches
Dat RD costue fail
Pyrexo yes it is!!!
TITLE DROP
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmRAGl1BOiQ
If you're going to wear shoes, why don't you wear them on your back legs? or all 4 legs?
Pip is best pirate
Lets gather around the campfire
true she does quite a bit in that one
inb4 luna spits out teeth
ptooey
And sing our campfire song
haha
ove lunas fangs
00,03Pip is more like a Pound puppy than a pony
manetug
F is for Fire that burns down the whole town
Our C-A-M-P-F-I-R-E S-O-N-G song
Indeed
Where did the statue go?
http://www.ebay.com/itm/Princess-Luna-custom-my-little-pony-plush-her-friendship-like-magic-hold-/200711868180?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0&hash=item2ebb5c0f14
U is for Uranium...bombs
OH MY GOD
And if you don't think that we can sing it faster then you're wrong
mane-gasm-tug-face
N is for No Surviiiiivors
she WAS the statue
Supprised Luna face is suprised.
Twilight, I could NEVER hate you.*picks up Twilight book*YOU,﻿ on the other hand...
/me claps some burger buns at McScootaloo
that's the best kind of fun
-p
Scary butt fun
Listen to the Magic Conche
:(
00,03D:
C-A-M-P-F-I-R-E S-O-N-G
^
C-A-M-P-F-I-R-E S-O-N-G
Magic Conch what shall we do?
I still have the campfire song video saved
nothing
dawwwwwwwwww
Itll help if you just sing along
scary butt fun
ugh, wrong channel.
/me inb4 Pip is banished to the moon
WE WUB YOU LUNA!
/me dies from so much lag
(bum bum bum)
I lagged out for a second...I have returned though!
OH MOST WONDERFUL OF- i mean..
But it'll help if you just sing along
dat sexy face
Celestia is not pleased
I still have the campfire song video saved on my comp
U Mad LordCelestia
Oh crap.. I knew I forgot something!
C-A-M-P-F-I-R-E S-O-N-G
dat plushie
kiss me Luna
I want to have scary butt fun with Woona!
That was Slurm.
PATRICK! (moop)
Thou Mad?
11,01Dear Princes Celestia, there is a shark eating a pony's plot.
in the apple bucket.
Luna on a cloud = awesome
Why did spike go as a dragon?
richfiles O_O
She deserved that...
anti nimbus :D
Makes me wonder if Celestia can be on a cloud too
Pam Pam Pam...
11,01Seriously, that's what I'm seeing right now.
why dont you find a plushie an $8 an hour security guard can buy
Dear Princess Celestia; I'm going to need a bigger boat
Squidward!
BEST.... EPISODE... EVER!
would be cute
VEYR GOOD
I Want More Luna Episodes...NOW!!
Slurm in the apple bucket.
Wat
IT'LL HELP....
00,03Its tiem!
Refresh!
00,03Refresh please!
dear princess celestia, today i learned that it is impossible to control your owh behavior
0,5Intermission time
REFRESH FOR THY LIVES!
forgets lyrics :(
IT'LL HELP...
anypony else lose the stream?
REFRESH
Don't refresh!
IF YOU JUST SING A LONG
whats next?
LONG
yes
PANIC!
REFRESH
10,02We are now swapping the embed, please wait.
OH YEAHHH
kk
I hath refreshed
and it's offline
SuperBrony64: Thank god!
ah
I shal wait for thine instruction
as soon as i find one i'll let you know then this $19 (aud) an hour mechanic can get one too
Now back to computer
what's next on the agenda?
tired...stayed up all night for marathon...must sleep now.
well back to wow...
If If you don't see LimeV
im writing a fic in which an alien race called the klyunxorivin destory almost everypony in equestria and a dragon and pony must find the elements of harmony to activate a mystical sword that will destroy the alien queen.
Then refresh the page
you make like twice my pay
0,5Refresh. NOW
i hate my job
its australian dollars
00,03Done and done!
that was a lot of typing....
I'm going to watch #bronystate for stream updates and come back.
TO THE MONEY CONVERTER
That sounds like it could easily go wrong, good luck...
0,14Refresh please
ugh. No idea what to do right now. Played lotro, sto, skyrim, dc universe online... I'm stumped to watching bronystate
I'd rather see LemonX
And you say you're writing a fanfic?
But that's just me
0,14you should be seeing the LimeV embed
00,03^
I went to bed after the movies...
top secret movie then cutie pox episode right?
0,14refresh please
damn you ponys, i wanted to nap befor work
I'm so happy!AHA! Happy go lucky me!I just go my way,living everyday!
yeah, but i cant post it
ty
0,14you should be seeing the LimeV embed
Still see nothing
nothing :(
did we switch yet?
I don't worry!
Is the stream running? I have LimeV but cant get it started
00,03Going live soon!
:)
10,02Alright, stream is up, please make sure you see LimeV.
refreshed
:(
I see it.
they ahven't started playing yet
Shhh! I'm watching play button!
Worrying don't agree,Things that bother you,never bother me!
Worx now
yay
got it
works fine
It keeps on saying that the broadcast is offline.
00,03Dat IRL Dashie
oh noez, human ponies
I see Twixie.
wtf trixie x twilight
Loading: The Anthology
I think
refresh fixes all
Dat AJ x RD
Interview incoming?
I see limeV
so what's upcoming?
Bottom left video, oh dear God no, do not want.
I see anthro MLP FIM
It seems to be working here.
trixie twi kiss
What the buck is that humanized pony video?
dat music
0,14stream should be back up
OH! You need to refresh the whole page, not just the stream.
0,14yep
got it
yeah. i think ill leave. see yah.
Dat Derp Popcorn
I see Rarity
$19 aud =$	20.26 usd
Stallion_of_War: From the looks of it it was probably a comic reading
time to get some refreshments from the consession stand.
inb4 M+
hmmm
what's aus min. wage?
Put muffings in a popcorn bucket.
+M=More Muffins
This will cheer you up https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NwdIJMALxxi6egHz832IuNIHy1J7JAqulJFoGeLM5tY/edit?hl=en_US&pli=1
I just Spike NOOOOOOOOed... The new awesome ponies... Are Toys-R-Us exclusive... I gotta drive like 1.5 - 2 hours to get to a TRU. That means online only...
0,5We already did a +m
how long's the intermission?
i THINK its $15
Humanized Applejack....
10 minutes
/me clopclop
I knew it's gonna be MLD
00,03Sardn, I'm gonna miss the interview!
10,02Also note, there was a typo in the newsletter and the lottery was yesterday and not today.
and what's after the intermission?
the what? What about Toys R Us?
Google image search "owl antler cupcake mustache bacon" and look at the first picture.
theres a Derpy in my pocorn...i feel i was underchaged for this
Best Intermission evar?
SuperBrony64- What/who won?
when do they play new episodes?
/me is sad that he missed the first movie ;___;
They're coming out with White Celestia, Nightmare Moon, Trixie and DJ P0N3.....I gotta start collecting these
SuperBrony: What won?
What was picked for the lottery?
Stallion_of_War me
what are thr new movies?
not today, right?
DainbowRash: Y U SO WISE?
shhh dont tell anyone
"My Little Dashie" and "Cheer Up" do not belong in a sentence together
The Lottery already happened? What got picked?
they'll take it back
/me won the 1st pony episode for this week. Luna Eclipsed
/me Google image search "owl antler cupcake mustache bacon" and look at the first picture.
:)
Iron Giant and some bollywood film
moop: It's just the sixth sense :p
I thought it was going to be awhile before Toys R Us got them in
How long is the intermission usually?
replace cheer up with cupcakes >:D
Luna is best pony
0,14about 10 minutes
hmm
Midnight_fire: they wern't
und hottest pony :D
Iron Giant is a win.
Great, I gotta' go down the pink isle AND say I want a girl toy at McDonalds
20.00 AUD 	= 	21.3340 USD
The link was
so?
I'd get a girls happy meal like a boss.
thats unskilled easy work vs train for 4 years only to get screwed
0,14^
DO THEY HAVE MLP TOYS AT McDonalds?
^
lol im 18 and id do it
Not a single F*** was given that day.
dainbowRash: can u see dead ponies?
0,14I'm planning to do that for my Birthday
March.
walk in with 3 friends
happymeal.com next toy
Bah!
moop: Nnope.
0,14just go down to McDonalds and be like "Yo, I want dat purple pony toy"
lol
they have mlp toys at McDonalds in the Netherlands right now
Confound these ponies. They driv e me to eat at (ugh) McDonald's
I'll buy them on Wednesday, when I have night class
thats what I did! which is why twilight is protecting my pc now =D
I was in the pink aisle today, and bought 2 Celestias, 2 Lunas, 3 CMCs with a Cheerilee
and yes they have uh... Lily blossom and Cheerilee?
Just drive up and go Ponies..now
http://img.memecenter.com/uploaded/c3143e5396611b87b5047dc10d3bcd90.jpg
00,03Demand for a Scootaloo Burger in the USA!
Scoota-McNuggets?
go to McD's and buy HappyMeal , accept only the toy. LIKE A FAUST
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/01/new-mcdonalds-toys-coming-in-march.html
Chicken burgers?
their not that bad.
Pictures?
time to get breakfast!
Will anypony be my special somepony?
no
MLP Toys: The One reason a Vegetarian would make a purchase in McDonalds
Alright I've put off doin stuff too long
:(
hai gaiz
I missed out on Airplane by the way and how was it : o?
I see nothing
See all you ponies later, gotta go do stuff
Have a great week everyone see you next Saturday
NO
Well, you can go in and just buy the toys
use the drive through, ask for a regular meal and a girl's happy meal, so you don't get weird looks
STAY FOR PONIES
is that at a dealership or just a small garage/shop? If you don't mind me asking of course.
I see Derp People
0,14ah darn, the Toy Fair's not open to the public
ah but ill be back WITH my breakfast
I didn't ahve to watch Airplane, I practically have it memorized
What song is this?
have*
0,5Stream is back!
Who's this guy?
Yo dawg, so I heard you like livestreams..
NO.
I refuse to let background pony steal Princess
besides, if it's a background pony it should be Bon Bon or Lyra
or DJ PON_3
"Hi, can I have 8 Happy meals please? They're for my 8 little sisters. Oh, I see you've given me the same Pony doll...Can you switch these pleasE? Theyll get angry if they have the same ones..." AND THAT'S HOW ILL GET THEM ALL
oh hai whoever you are
Sound?
no audio?
I have no idea what babble with bronies is
pyrexo i am jelous of you
XD
10,02Cutting intermission short for the interview.
I hear nozzing
Did anyone else just hear a ping?
Dat No audio
you said derp:O
We must stream deeper!
a stream within a stream?
I cant hear nothing
I can't hear anything
yes
What is this?
I'm offended
Midnight_Fire: Yeah
I heard one
Ping yes, audio no.
was going to ask
/me 0,5slices the intermission in half with his machette.
The audios fine, you've all gone deaf.
whats he saying?
ther is no audio
no audio here
we need audio!
Why are people still doing dat...It makes me angry o.o
dat angyr
... reconnected to server on accident and it banned me on Applejack " [14:59:52]	-->|	pinkiederp (mmwxoxjgrw@fv333-97-4-767.om.om.cox.net) has joined #AppleJack
no, there IS no audio
who else is deaf
No audio
[15:00:12]	[QUIT]	Disconnected from irc://irc.ponychat.net/ (irc://irc.ponychat.net/). [Reconnect]
:3
[15:00:25]	[INFO]	You are banned from this channel.
[15:00:49]	Tarku	Ello
[15:00:50]	===	#applejack Cannot send to channel
I should know
no audio
[15:01:19]	[INFO]	You are banned from this channel.
RIP headset users
I have the best ears here
/me is trying to decide where to get a Brony tee
Fortunately I can read lips. Wait, no I can't, dammit
he said he would go lesbian for rainbow dash
11,01No audio here.
with good headset
Potatochips: WAAAAAAAAT? SPEAK UP!
doh wrong chat tab
And then, earrape.
back, with cheerios
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/02/new-mcdonalds-toys-pretty-much-same.html more recent post
dat read line!
I see everlasting Joy
Spike is voiced BY A GIRL!!!!!
All I see is Huzzah!
you want to wal to the zoo? who's stopping you?
pling
He's saying "Wow, Pyrexo is so hot, all you guys should try date him"
I CAN'T HEAR YOU! :[
um
What was that sonny?
timmy turner is voiced by a girl also
Something like that anyway
:'(
You said offended
I can't hear anything
I'm derp.
11,01Everlasting_Joy: Soory about the channel thing. Didn't know you were from Babble with Bronies.
ping!
who pinged me?
and is also voicing twilight
wait
otakon: It's the stream
ping!
someone pinged me?
Nobody, it was a ping on the stream
Everlasting_Joy: YOUR in there!
ping
neither can anypony else :)
Cease pinging my ear!
ping again!
Everlasting_Joy: is streaming, isn't he?
Who's name do I have to say to trigger the ping?
wait, were getting some sound atleast
Dat no audio.
no idea
Everlasting_Joy:
dammit
ping!
so it's not just me yay
Pings, pings everywhere
Hm....
I see the mane 6, Cheerlie, and ....
/me feels violated with all teh pings
How do you people Reply? I notice you always put the name before the message...
I just like how the new McD set is just like the old McD set for a couple
but we've go NO audio of the speaker
Who is that other pony?
Nope, not that ping it seems
Bronies are raging, HIDE YO PONIES
ping!!!!111!!!!!one!
i have the audio maxed.....still no sound
we can't hear anything!!
who the hell is BON BON?
ping
Give us something we can hear!
ping
pings have sound, interview has no sound
who is on video??
ping again!!!!
well this sucks
/me feels violated with all teh pings
Everlasting joy
I know that feel
o.o
new pony toys coming this fall!
ghosties
Nice grey background
Link meh to this live stream.
oh well. It was a good idea anyway.
praise celestia!
That gray
Nice Help & contact
Accurate ones, i hope?
Nice Clear
that xxxxx
help and contact
NO SOUND!!!!
Sound, Sound, Sound, Sound, Sound, Sound, Sound, Sound, Sound, Sound, Sound, Sound!
Zoom and enhance
indeed Alarmed_Llama
i know
twitter product placement
grey
tinychat.com/xxxxx
oops
sorry!
lol
More Focus!
who is BON BON?
Computer, rotate picture 65 degrees!
le ping ninja
less focus!
Didn't mean for that to be a link!
Computer, Enchance Grid A to D, 6 to 7!
who the [yay] is pinging me?!?!
It's like watching a bunch of people play cards in the dark
welp
BonBon: "Mine has rocks in it"
Increas light!
I'm gonna nap
de-rez the voxels, enhance grid 12-a
*music on(
wake me when it's working
There need to be contest where the winner gets to voice Bon Bon
problem solved
sudeenly plo
not plo
plopp
boip
and again plop
one of these days i''m going to actually get a ping and i'll ignore it.
Computer, run search on identity of object in grind A-B 6.5-7
when is bon bon seen ?
lol tovler, likely
cut to time stamp 00:00:23:89
and AGAN
bloip
did it start yet?
no
10,02Please hold on, we are fixing the audio
oh hello? what's happeneing in here?
Bon Bon's voice = 6_9:P6_9:P
yay
Dken2021: it's been on, but there is no audio
11,01Plop is a notification noise on Tinychat.
whats the link to wher he is so we can liten tto it?
GHOSTIE?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XS2CvgHs7fI
okay, gonna nap
have you tried shouting at it superbrony?
SuperBrony64 - Use the Sonic Screwdriver
I'm back u guise!
i can't hear anything and somepony keeps pinging me!!!!!!
10,02Please, no video links during stream.
ping me when it's fixed
ok
THE WORLD IS OK
oh sry
SuperBrony64 try giving it ham
or bacon
Borrow Dari's Sonic Screwdriver
10,02Ham is precious and must be used wisely.
SetVariable RylCantVce=1
bacon fixes everything
Maybe try to reason with the audio?
Baconstrips
Heck, you can borrow mine!
I'll refrain. I just wanted to show where bonbon was
There we go
and then breed with it's women
Do you want the 10's sonic or 11's?
AUDIO!!!!
Yesh :D
babble
oh hai
u guise it's pinkie pie in the corner! :D
needs more bacon
otakon
audio!!
:O
IT WORKS!
Yay, audio
Is that us?
10,02This is not live
HIII MEEE
it works!
yes
hiya!
yes
Yes
10,02this is a recording they have
YES
yes
oh damn it
YES
Yes
:(
si senor
Who are you? :O
the audio is too low
Maybe.
yeah
yeppadoodle
yes!!
yeas
sure : 3
Pretty much now
lol i wish it was life
can you boost it for me
otakon
YAY
8/live
i cant hear it.....
lol crash
OR NOT
11,01Sound
yes but it's on recording
DC
THE END
is it streamin? it still sats offline for me
Nuuu~
lol
WHAT
otakon - your ping has been
I liked him :(
0,5Guys dont fret
SAD FACE
mine decided to suicide
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=0WCbSo5cqMw
Trolling is a art
0,5Theyre working on the audio
um what just happened?
*Frets
/me spilled his popcorn
0,5Just sit tight
:D
Nice interview. Very concise
oooooh
it was working
:)
then it went
noise!
/me totally goes into spaz mode
XD
i am on a sandy beach
this is weird. Time to watch some anime.
:P
at least he's smiling
boomidi, boomidi
need emiticon for XD
:[
/me puts on Andrews Sisters' "Hold Tight".
and DX
Quick, everyone! to #Fluttershy!
hello
Tovler: and THAT'S not weird?
Dat jive talk... LOL :D still watching the start of Airplane
u guise, it's ok, it just derped! 6_9
I keep pressing play but it doesn't work!
What?
Huh?
Hello.
okay, now what?
the play button is a hoax!!!
herro
I just tried to press play! LOL :D
It THEM who need to press play
The play isn't acutally a play
look out there are Llamas
I... I... I don't know!
lol
It's an image of the play butotn
otakon: I think they're a bit shy
/me facepalms
11,01My llamas are loose?
*gasp*
Heard two notes
Dat play
trolled
Now comes the ??? part. Dont worry, we'll get to profit soon
like I said
Back to the FUTURE!
lol
by a play button
Trolling is a art
back to my nap
Screw the future
so much for the interview
an art
"AN" art
I've been trolled, I've been trolled, I have probably been told
SPACE FLORIDA!
:)
hey guys
just sayin hi, wont be on long
anyone else on #Rarity?
I was on #Pinkie but it didn't like me :'(
The present is where it's at?!
Stallion_of_War: Hop into my TARDIS
TROLOLOLOL
lol
derp
Dat Derpy
lol
Derp
Oh, this is neat
it's the "Dodge" outside
mane6 rooms are closed
I'll do that!
trolled by a play button
Guys...I need about tree fiddy.
whoa!
ah fuck
00,10Suddnly
LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
:D
Technical Derpiculties
Nice animation
DERPY
DERPY!!!
SOUND!!!
Dat tune
But I don't know what went wrong :P
All set?
WE LOVE YOU
Oh no...A Mac! :O
DERPY what did you DO!?!?!?
Technical Derpiculties
yay Derpy screen!
Derp.
Dem spining eyes
derpy made the pain go away
Best tech difficulties screen ever!
I WOULD FUCK YOU
new screen : 3?
oh god, what?
@richfiles WRONG
Problem's fixed... Derpy's on the screen
HyperstripeCat: too much, calm down
DX
it's "i just don't know what went wrong"
Derp :3
This intermission needs a whole lot more "In the Hall of the Mountain King"
Needs more derpish music
Needs a high-pitched wining noise and a rainbow colored background.
YAY DIRPY
The llama is a quadruped which lives in big rivers like the Amazon. It has two ears, a heart, a forehead, and a beak for eating honey. But it is provided with fins for swimming.
If broken vending machines are "out of order" does that mean they're in chaos?
Like the one on old TVs
No really. That's a nice animation. I must find download.
awesome
IshBestPony: you LIE
I already did.
that song from stick figures on crack
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=mfsQiZ6FHIc
I tried stratching. I always hated it
Autumn Leaves? I love the "Derpy got soul" version
no links moop
should play spazz adhd music 2x speed
get up and stretch, I just got back home D :
0,5otakon
dem technical difficulties
am i the only one with derpy on screen?
LordCelestia: yes?
0,5HAI
That'ssssss a nicccccce ssssstream you have there sssssssss.
ohai
Stallion_of_War: No, they are in between Chaos and Order
/me puts sign on broken vending machine (sign says "discorded")
:3
LordCelestia: hi
god damn, stop making SKittles so damned tasty
/me facehooves
It is known as.. the Pinkie Zone
He is so silly
otakon it is not I who lie, it is the cake that lie
Shh! Derpy is on
brief audio
told u it DERPED
6_9
d'awwww derpy is so cute
awwa youieeueyu ya
OBEY DERPY.
00,10Boopaly boopaly boopaly
Does Rainbow Dash taste like Skittles?
RESISTANCE IS FUTILE.
Boopaly?
(twilight zone played with flutteryays)
oogaboogabooga
They are discussing the T&C's
http://dontevenreply.com/view.php?post=84
applejack tastes like oranges
WHERE IS STREAM??????
Stupid dog
derpy is best pony
Beep boop son, beep boop.
Boogity, boogity boogity
0,14lol Sumica
Shh My Airplane is on!! :D BWAHAHAHAHA
Alarmed_Llama: Just beyond the Scary Door, yeah
a Derpy Moment brought by BronyState
Llamas are dangerous, so if you see one where people are swimming, you shout: Look out, there are llamas!
Have no fear thy villagers.
and then what happened?
I dont even
Looks like I picked the wrong week to stop watching pony livestreams!
IshBestPony: stop that!
some one keeps calling me!
oh hello IshBestPony : 3
*do such*
*Does such*
where is jamesisabrony?
moop - isn't me
at least the music is good
/me hugs and nomz Roxsnow
moop: I did, no video links during official streams
:*
So what you guys think about Hasbro teaming up with Zynga?
otakon but why :(
moop tell them to fuck off, you have friendship to deal with
okay, back to my nap
/me hugs IshBestPony back : 3
flutterspin
dat ap
*nap
flutter_spin
Quick, everyone to #Fluttershy!
Chat crash
IshBestPony: bc, we have a Llama here today that is already alarmed
Stallio_of_War, otakon: Then who was phone?
hmmm, technical difficulties
What's our vector Victor?
lol this is sim city 4 music
no Alarmed_Llama
we refuse
moop: no idea
I'd nap if it didn't risk me missing Top Secret
Look Out There Are Llamas!!!
:'(
also, back to my nap
we will not cave into the pressure!
uhhh... I cant even join XD
hold on a sec
bye otakon
Flutter_spin: Only good can come from it, right? :)
PINKIE PIE FOREVER :O
always with the technical difficulties, why not Zoidberg>?
XD
IshBestPony, is that the title of something?
DERPY :3
:P is awesome
I wuv that tune
hello?
Alarmed_Llama Monty Python
Let's take this time to be calm and go pop some popcorn, or make some tea
:)
and now elevator music has faded
Derpy's eyes are ALWAYS better than technical difficulties! :P
Trot with me through the Autumn leaves...
And it begins again
here it goes again
round 2
Cello
FIGHT!
6_9
DERP IS HERP
Herpy.
00,10love me some simcity4
IshBestPony Oh yea, the second set of beginning credits.
are we back?
something?
Sundaysmile: Nonono, it's "Round 2" "FRIENDSHIP"
Herpes o.o
guess not
Choose your Destiny!
yes.....yes she would
fighting is friendship
Alarmed_Llama not from the movie
Flawless Victory!
SOMETHING IS SHOWIMG
Herpy is Derpy's long lost brother
I declare it FANON!
or magic...
Woah
I forget which
Skype?
0,14dat audio
moop: Oh yeah, she'd have her eye on you...and the next target at the same time
What are we missing?
Alarmed_Llama look up Monty Python Llama Sketch
EVERYTHING
the audio is reallly quiet, i can barely hear it
Imma say that was mod skype
dat pattern
or some random audio
THIS IS THE
You knowthis music and the occaisonal speech kind of creat a mockumentary trailer feeling
WORST
POSSIBLE
MasterBrony: Try turning it up then, it's fine for me
lawls
Pyrexo: yes she would
THING!!!
sorry had to do it
I can hear OK.
lol
should I pop popcorn, or eat chips?
it's alright
popcorn
WE ARE ENJOYING THE SHOW!!!
pinkiederp: Why not both?
:D
My GF is sucking Ganon's dick :|
0,14this music reminds me of Pink Floyd
XD
o_O
Jim I don't like chips that much
next movie night: Critters!
lolwut?
I hate my life
That is NOT what I wanted to read when I came back here
00,10simcity remind you of pinkfloid?
Ganon?
Alright, then you go for popcorn ^^
Who's Ganon,
i feel retarded
?*
uhhhh some girlfriend?
if you stare hard enough into derpy's eyes
Ganon
Villian from Zelda
And why do i think of Ganondorf?
you go insane
Ah
We should watch the movie THE ROOM
0,14looks like >.>
i was complaining about the audio
Derpy we luff you
next movie night is Monty Python
In fact that is without a doubt the worst come-nack-to message I have ever seen.
Hey guys lets tell knock knock jokes to pass the time :D
I can make my brother watch it with me
back*
pinkiederp sadly no
Knock knock?
:'(
come in
Dem lack of technical difficulties
:)
lolwut
and i realized my speakers werent all the way up :P
Who's there?
IT'S BACK U GUISE
Atch!
SKYPE!
lol
You are tearing me apart moop!
:P
You think you've seen some shit, but then you reopen the window and it's all
I think
lol
why am I still watching? I don't understand!
whos dat guy
ikr
"My GF is sucking Ganon's dick"
Again with the plinging
WTF is this
same
Still can't hear anything
sound?
rare: best actor ever
yay no sound again
where is the audio?
That's some deep poetry right there
confound these ponies
lol
i love the audio
it's dead
still no audio
um still no sound
im going to record it
welp this was a bust
Hello darkness my old friend...
uhhh, I cant read it... which mod is that?
they drive me to watch
^?
I've come to talk with you again...
all i hear is fuzz
I don't know
Oh SuperBrony
just PRETEND he's saying something interesting
I think?
nothing!
can we watch Derpy again?
"Hi, I like ponies..."
^
....
I could've waited another 30 seconds
The Sound... Of Silence
and Everlasting_Joy
eeyup
12,15#BwBtextquest
and someone else
Let it pass me by without even noticing
Le Mac o.o
But no.
if u are real can u filp us off?
helllo darkness my old friend
it needed to be said
oh hi Everlasting_Joy
lolwut is this
Wow, kaplink
beep?
No I had to pick THAT moment
ping sound we meet again.
Silence, it sounds like nothing
suddenly ping
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<
14,2I DONT EVEN
wat
cant hea.
?
You've got mail
FLIP ME OFF
bwops and pings... amazing
*hear
08,01Whoa, what the!?
Fudgesicles.
PRIVELEDGED PONY
They had the interview in the language equivalent of wing-ding?
Dose faces.
woahh poniues.
Shh, I'm trying to hear the silence
faillllll
I need a cup of tea.
11,01Happy Happy Everlasting_Joy Joy.
Hey Patrick, are you mad too?
On the other hoof, they are very well rendered bloops and pings.
08,01Guys, leave the texting to the babblewithbronies room.
We are the higher ups ;) our own channel to chat in
08,01This room is for QUESTIONS ONLY.
i keep hearing pings
he looks like he's pretty excited that there is no sound
but i am gettign nothing
let us hear you guys plz
14,2okay...
rjnergirghbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
What room is that
vb
08,01#babblewithbronies
Y U NO FLIP ME OFF?
Thanks.
hes playing it at a frequency audible to nothing
Yay! I'm almost caught up with Airplane. Got to Stayin' Alive... And I just beat a frost dragon in Winterhold College
Oh. Hmm no questions...but I'll be back if I have one...:P Bye now
GUY IN CHAT WAVE YOUR HANDS IF YOU CAN SEE US
let's talk about headcanon!
oh my god!
THAT WAS LOUD
IT PINGED QUITE LOUDLY
I AM SOWWY BRONY STATE PEOPLES FOR INSULTING YOUR AUDIO
"Looks like you're trying to set up a stream with audio, Want some help?"
I don't think I have questions for the site I work for.
it's not live
anyone notice how FUCK YOU sounds like sex?
hes playing it at a frequency only audible to cows
/me waves the annoying paperclip away
language
...
i want to be an oompa loompa
ah crap baskets
blargh
0,14woah, calm down a bit people
IshBestPony: And you know this because...
hello again derpy
poo
Don't tell me
lawl
Calm ponies
or not
Just... Don't
Ictiv I don't, duh duh duh
just let us hear someting, anything!?
this is so fun u guise
brb popcorn is almost done
<------- wats going on
omg so detailed
2012 has come the end is here BRONYSTATE Is not working!!!!!!!!1
back to dr. who
I love this wallpaper. The contrast of blue & white really speaks to me.
oves
1/1/12. NEVER. FORGET.
^
0,5NEVER FORGET
Ok, headcanon: Party of One takes place after Secret of my Success, so the reason why Spike was over at Rarity was that they are each other special somepony/dragon at that point
NEVER FORGET
what happened on 1/1/12?
NEVER REMEMBER
going back to read, ping me if you need me or when "top secret" starts thank you:)
Derpy happend
yeah
i"m gonna nap
1/1/12?
ah
have fun
feeling sapped atm
i can load up a live stream while we wait and you can watch me play new vegas and listen to breaking benjamin lol
What happened?
must be a spy in ma room
zooooom
Looks like there won't be any interview today
ah yes.... 1/1/12.....
this image
/me preforms spycheck
I'm a napping
WHSTFRGT HKLUNMOJ,IKOL.P/;'[}
WHAT HAPPENED?!?!?
Dat intermission
i have seen nirvana
0,14HyperstripeCat, watch the spam.
jffry890 yes please
Cuidado! Hay llamas!
Seriously wanting bed but stream keeps trolling
Oh Gosh not the "dat" again :'(
i was kidding...
thats not spa,
oh gawd stop failing
*spam
:(
1/1/12: The day of the spambot
Pyrexo: That's like asking: What Happened on that one day of which we don't speak?"
whats gonna happen after this intermision ? :D :D :D
Look Out, There Are Llamas
Such a tradegy
its new emoticons i made up
argue with a mod......thats sounds like a smart thing to do
jffry890: no adveritising of other streams, just pm people the adress for it if they want it
guess what image that is :D
o.o 1/1/12 = Voldermort
I'm going to go look at ask blogs, EqD, and etc.
10,02Fixing the problem, sorry.
LordCelestia: what happened in 1/1/12?
Yes i said his name.
This is so weird: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=VOT3pmynZlY
Voldermort
What is the problem?
SuperBrony64 try giving it bacon
08,01If you guys have any questions for Everlasting Joy or the BronyState crew, fire them off here.
It's okay. People are arguing about 1/1/12 anyways.
http://dontevenreply.com/view.php?post=77
05arguing with a mod isnt a battle, its a slaughter.
MasterBrony: Why? The mods are not smarter or more important than anyone else.
its asking to be executed
Wrek: How about Brushing a mod?
/me releases his llamas.
08,01Again, if you have any comments, post them in the #babblewithbronies room. Make sure to follow the rules!
/me squees
Nittany_Discord: Nooooo!
yea actuall they are pony_5943
pony_5943 but they haz power over us
Not the llamas!
/me attempts to steal a rabbit
/me brushes Wrek's mane.
Anyone know a cure for sleep deprived eyes?
/me is trampled by llamas
LOOK OUT THERE ARE LLAMAS!
The mods are mods, silly. As in, they have thepower over this site. Thus, fighting a mod is akin to spanking a nuke.
Btw, nothing against that blurry line, but can we have derpy again?
here a llama, there a llama, llama llama everywhere
they hurt like a sombitch
05welcome to the dictatorship of bronystate
/me cries "why won't no one tell me what happened in 1/1/12?:'(
they are more important because the let us be here
/me I cant remember how to italic write :(
Sundaysmile: Ponies?
Oh yes i can o.o
ZThe new year began
"spanking a nuke"
Sundaysmile: take a tuft of cloud rainbow and stir it with a pegasus feather
/me Jumps for joy
is that what they call it now?
0,14We're gonna need years of therapy for this...
11/2/12. The Day of the Llama. NEVER FORGIVE!
Spanking a nuke: Because you have to touch it just right or it won't blow. XD
mods please play us some of your soothing musical voice
stop with your roofie cocktails
pony_5943 where did the man touch you
pony_5943 that's offensive
I declare this idea can not go wrong
You know @Wrek, you don't have to be mean about being a dictator...
Well, what I meant is Spanking a nuke-- it won'
pony_5943 show me on this doll
Play Derpy got soul :D
I refuse to be insulted
But when you hit it, you're going to see some serious sh*t.
One of these days it is going to stop burning when I pee...
I know.
moop: They don't. Case in point: Nostalgia Critic
?
OMG DAT AUDIO
wat
Well quite.
audio!
audio is on
0,14We have sound!
dat voice
wtffffffffffffffff
wat
I was just turning your analogy into a joke.
I'm glad to hear that
pony_666 o.O magic number you got there
Strange voices.
88mph while spanking a nuke? you really will see some serious %^&*
Well, what I meant is Spanking a nuke-- it won't get you anywhere, has little effect-- and if it does, then it blows up in your face.
some audio?
lol
dat audio : o
yes
IshBestPony: They touched me right in the Democracy...
but i still have no pictures
Houston, we made contact.
i hear dari
Thash grape! BEST line in Skyrim evar!
lolwat
thank lord smooze for sound!
to the MAIN ROOM
wait a sec
Sadly it's not today.
now we can't see!
HI PRiNCE DARI!!!!!!
now we have audio
but no image
FIGHTING IS MAGIC!!!
is there something wrong with bronystate right now?
what is this
:D
08,01Guys, if you want to join the TinyChat room, go here. http://tinychat.com/everlastingjoy
we cant win can we?
Is the blue part of the screen talking right now or the white?
richfiles: what about arrow to the knee?
both
They're fixing audio
ah
or none ?
08,01You'll need a password, though. It's Popcorn343
inception
:D
WHo needs an image?
oh I have image!
10,02Alright, can you hear stuff?
0,14yep
THANK YOU GUISE
Yep
jep
ohey its everlasting joy
08,01You'll need a password, though. It's Popcorn343
OMC it a close up of a blue pokeball
yes
yessir thank ye very much
Thanks guys!
08,01whoops, double post! LOL
yep
IF U CAN SEE US TAKE OF GLASSES
SuperBrony64: Yes
whats the show hes talking about?
JK
pony_5943 you seem to be mad about something irrelevant to this chat, perhaps you would like to move to a chat where its more relevant
whats on stream?
drip?
lol, no.. satanist pony
if i hear random water drop noises, do i have a vires
*virus
yea
probably just a cold virus
totally
:P
HyperstripeCat: no, it's just a mental disease
:P
IshBestPony: It's very relevant, because mods.
pony_666: u been on the church of Saintanism.com?
uhhh How is Everlasting on the mod chat?
really?
HyperstripeCat, your computer is leaking
lol
nah, I'm too evil for them
It needs a tampon
:D
pony_5943 the mods are here to maintain order
i didn't no cloth could make that kind of sound when water hits it
How is Everlasting on the video chat?
May 13!!!!
*know
THAT'S THE DAY AFTER MY BIRTHDAT
pony_666:: you'r to evil (but you watch MLP FIM)
*BIRTHDAY
is interveiwing?
pony_5943 they are not against us (except dari)
AH I see
It is the difference between me and beelzebub
IshBestPony: So are the religious police in Afghanistan
Mwuahahaha
:P
MLP is
*puts on sunglasses* DAT BIRTH
I'm gonna have a BronyState B-Day party
Thank goodness for Saturday birthday
/me shrugpony
so when is the site b day?
how do i get in on that chat room?
no idea
Pinkiederp: FOREVER ALONE
My birth day is on March 8
MasterBrony: It's not live
I was reading around the time this started and I went for a tea break at like 7 minutes in
APRIL 21 FOR ME
my bday is on feb 20th
Anyone has a birthday recently?
I have it on mute because really I have no idea what's going on.
enope
May 12 is best birthday
mine's in the middle of summer
last month.. .
Get everypony whoa what's on stream?!
<3
They're talking, about things.
Not until November.
Just an interview
Hey*
05I smell troublemaker
My birthday is gonna be the next 23th september where i turn 18
My birthday is December 21-22
Thanks that cleared it all up.
TOY_PON3
05off with his head!
Happy late birhtday to them
it's uhhhh
hi TOY_PON3, it's an interview
Like a mop clears vomit.
hiya Wrek
/me brushies Wrek
yeah, an interview
/me squees
oh god
pony_5943 the point is, the mods have done nothing wrong, you have nothing to be mad about
Interview with who?
how do i get my questions answered from a recording?
wait, top secret?
you don't
I dunno
lol
IshBestPony: I'm not mad, I'm just sayin'. :3
What about it?
you mean just
you build a time machine???
TopHat: It will come later
how long is this interview?
saiyan
I'm so confused :(
o u otakon
HEY! SuperBrony64 is in that chat too! HES CHEATING ON US
eeyup
we wanna watch Top Secret!
it's coming
Are we talking about GETs?!
hold on
SuperBrony64: Perfection
Afaik this is effectively the itnermission for the time being and regular broadcast will be up after
Mods should sing us songs or we will revolt!!
Why do I see only Everlasting_Joy?
*hugs SuperBrony64*
Only he has a cam?
sing us songs
TOY_PON3 the others only have the audio on
10,02Only he is brave to show his face O__O
05pony_666, behave.
SB indeed
sorry
:(
haha
0,14oh yeah, I remember that method
05rebellion quenched
I should dust
meh
Wrek: Like a baws
I wanna know what it iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis
only for the moment
Diplomacy wins the day
Top Secret?
Wrek: Does the warlord want more Brushie Brushie?
It's the B movie.
yes
05pony_666, you think so, but no.
This popcorn is nommy
oh
eeyup
I thought it was actually a secret
Popcorn is best corn
oh, ok then..
10,02You can hear the chat going on, yes?
WREVOLT AGAINST WREK
Yeah I can see how you might think that.
...
yes
Yes we can
yessir SuperBrony64, sir
you wont
Though realistically if they do have anything top secret they probably won't talk about it.
/me is stupid
00,10boom headshot
so them blackholes
Wrek... we will brushie you until you surrender.
Sugar Pops never appealed to me much. Now, Froot Loops... that's a CEREAL.
they sucl
NObama says "no we can't!"
suck*
You're not stupid TopHat, you just didn't have the context.
so.... how bout dem blackholes>
Nono, we're totally talking about what you're saying :P
Magnets how do they work?
lets all talk about Black Hole Theory
Fucking magnets
Ouch :( getting kicked hurts
black holes absorb light
haha
is it electrifying?
I would love to talk about black holes
so you see the black holes as black, aka black holes
To Live was awesome
05people always fidn a way to hurt themselves.
the awkward moment when you choke on a popcorn kernel
Scootaloo burger, I need to try it.
black holes absorb matter faster than gravity
black-holes.... sounds pervy, or is it just me
....
That's just you
we should watch Happy Gilmore sometime
Just you
ScootaChicken tastes like...chicken. Funnily enough.
just you
/me sighs and shakes head
my bad pervy mind strikes again
Suuure
McScootaloo? Scoot Pounder? What is it -.-
"Scoot Pounder"
...still think mods should sing us a song...
rofl
inb4 he says Epic Movie
I had the creepiest dream last name
/me should read the newsletter
pony_666 i'm looking through my telescope, at the big black hole in uranus
You should.
was it the plot to cupcakes?
I got raped by my fmeale friend..... O_O
hahahah XD
/me sighs more
good lord, my mind is dark
thats sad
dat insult
You guys..i Just dont know
I want to have PONY FLAVORED DREAMS
jffry890 do not talk about that here
kung fu hustle
Wow it sure is more lowbrow in here than usual.
I did break out into song tho
hey, at least he enjoyed revenge of the nerds
/me noms on IshBestPony's mane
damn you and your stupid perkkkkk
Nom nom nom
wtf r we waching O.o?
haha ya kungfu hustle is good
you can do that?
Neeeeeeerrrrrrds.
Lol the reactions to the stream
Yes that's how it works
we must force them to sing for us!
oh ok
I think it's bronystate@gmail.com
my dog spits when he barks
Sea ponies rule
You really should, it also gives you a chance to get a ticket to the movie lottery
dat smile from the guy
They add you to the mailing list and it comes to you.
sing the song of the neeeeerrrrrds
*troll face*
sho be doo sho shoo be doo
I LOVE SEAPONIES!!! Shoo Bee Doo!
epic laugh is epic
reactions are indeed funny
Hey, seaponies are awesome
the "top secret" movie.....is that the 1950's one?
shoo bee doo
Nope
jffry890: we should watch it here!
Shoo be do Shoo shoo be do!
shoo be doo
shoo
00,10Come forth my minions!
wow, why didn't I know this before?
"Kill it with Fire", btw, has been done to death... we need to upgrade to electricity.
shoo be nope
SHOO BE DO!
DO IT
0,14SHOO BEE DOO
DO IT
shoobedoo
shoo bre, if you know what i mean
Shoo Be Do
Do it!
Call upon the sea ponies when you're in distress
0,14SHOO SHOO BEE DOO
SHOO BE DOOO
DO IT
DO IT FILLY
DO IT
Kill it with toothpaste
Shoo bee doo
Yes!
Do it : 3....
Helpful as can be ponies
HES GONNA SCREAM
RIP EAR PHONES
DO IT
Simply signal S.O.s>
KILL HIM WITH ELECTRICITY
13so much caps
is it the 1984 version then?
S.
lol
04I'm going to kill Dari
DO IT NOW NOW NOW!
XD
lol
...
O_O
I have them memorized too
lol Ghosties
Ghosties, heheh.
MORE
SOS
bronystate is best website
so i take it that this guy isnt even trying to stream the next movie?
DO IT!!!
you guys are hilarious :D
0,14...I missed it
0,14what did dari do?
DOCTOR WHO THEME SONG
And now, in Spanish?
Oh, come ON.
that bitch stole my title!
Why have Hey Ocean never cover MLP songs? :O Just dawned on me...
...
OH MY GOD
if you find yourself adrift and stranded on the shore , call upon the seaponies
05one of us
05one of us
is the "top secret" movie the 1984 verrsion then?
05one of us
I was just about to say something about SpongeBob
one of us
0,14One of us?
dat WrekSpam?
goobal gobble
one of us
One of us?
one of us
one of us - must sing for us!
one of them
ponies
su fo eno
GAAAHHHHH
NO I'M DIRTY DAN
wet painters suckes
We should watch The SpongeBob Movie! :D
is the "top secret" movie the 1984 verrsion then?
pinhead!
We're talking fancy!
PINHEAD LARRY
pinkiederp...
o_0
Yes, MasterBrony
Who are you calling a pinhead?
yep
pinhead larry
:D
uggggggggggg
I'M DIRTY DAN
NO I'M DIRTY DAN
Mai favorite is Chocolate With Nuts
lol RDisbestPony
Make the customer feel good!
:) who you calling egghead
Apologies accepted
Piiiiinnnhead!!!
nice name RDisbestPony
CHOOOOCCOOOOOLLLLAAAATTTEEEE!!!!!!!!!!
Everlasting_Joy is a monkey it seems
ALL 5
my favorite isssss..........
TL:DR?
last 4
tldr
i dunno
this season of SpongeBob is crap
agree
lol pinkiederp wtf?
My favorite is the first Mermaid Man & Barncle Boy episode
so what do we do on halloween in bronystate?
Evil!
TOY_PON3 there's evil afoot
Evil :O
Sex Scene
O_O
Disgrace!!
it was fast
XD
any swede brony here??
XD
0,14YES
0,14SHAWSHANK
it was fast......
lol
i have a tie between fluttershy and rainbow dash as my fav. pony
Love Shawshank :)
<this
Every Villain Is Lemons
WE SHOULD WATCH THIS MOVIE, AND THEN TAKE IT OVER THERE
derpy> all ponies
dem all caps
11,01I'm trying to get Requiem for a Dream played.
what dreams may come is religious propaganda crap
Love Shawshank, but hated Requiem
Nittany_Discord: Keep doing that
I love that movie :3
shawshank should be renamed "guy gets raped in prison and you enjoy watcvhing it"
11,01I've been trying to get The Wall played for months.
I had to watch shawshank in one of my classes
LETS WATCH RV
:'(
is this sort of an Interview?
05because he's a douchebag
I wanna watch The Wall on here so damn badly
cuz thats like the whole movie in one sentence
and the movie B ???
Wrek: but it's true, don't be such a nazi
C movie
XD
lol
Pink Floyd THe Wall, not Roger Waters, right?
JOHN MADDEN
have they watched Happy Gilmore?
11,01The Wall.
lol i was on Facebook updateing my status
11,01Pink Floyd The Wall.
Excuse me...
spider pig
We watched Monty Python and the Holy Grail?
Nittany_Discord: Is there anybody out there?
Did pony_5943 justuse the N word?... At Wrek? *Gets popcorn*
Because the other worst film was NEVER SHOWN.
no epic movie?
Pink Floyd made me not need drugs man, that waz crazy for a six year old
11,01Can you hear me? Is there anyone at home?
Just nod if you can hear me.
Lonely Keanu
Epic Movie
Epic movie ^^
and lots of LAG
TONS of lag
so much lag
the lag went bai bai
Epic Movie is worst by far
No, let's watch A Scanner Darkly
We didn't see any such movie. It never showed. It was 90mminutes that were just a soothing lack of stream. That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
otakon is suffering from lagitus
I am
Kencolt: lol
It's deadly as fuuuu
let's watch /pretty Woman
just keep telling yourself that
:p
:D
Re-animator
00,10Spaceballs!
DUH
I do! I DO!
05mel brooks<3
Argh, too many choices
Space balls endless ship intro scene
The Producers
gotta love it
hmmmmm.......
IP Man
IP Man, yeah
LEVERAGE!
let's watch High School Musical THREE!!! :D
kidding
that movie sucks
you're funny
thank god
Yeah, ip man was surprisingly good for a B movie
/me bricks pinkiederp
IP mane
*Dies*
Heck, it was even good for an A movie
damn you LAG!
death note the movie :D
/me presses easy button "Now that was easy"
dat leverage and thus the meme was born
leverage
Can't tell if no more lag, or just don't care as much as Airplane -.-
3LEVERAGE
LET'S WATCH ENDLESS EPISODES OF GLEE!!!!
LEVERAGE!
Leverage!
Nononono, scare all the children here with Serbian Film
:)
Needs 20% more leverage
O.O crazy f*d up movie
pony_666: That's....no!
we needUHF again at some point
no god no!
let's watch Borat!
ok so seriously are they gonna play the movie or what?
wish it could be unseen
:P
STAAAALKER!
supperbrony64 likes Wall-E?
OMFG A STALKER! WERE!?
that movie sucked
Eeeva
Wait, he said Evil Dead II for worst?
no it didnt!
BEST PIXAR MOVIE IS NEMO
Borat... Dang that meat spin
No he didn't.
Monsters Inc. :')
Dead Stalker was a masterpiece.
Evil Dead II is best movie.
*Death
everlastingjoy just stole my freaking line
Must have missed something
LORDY LORDY LORDY IS MY LINE!
:'(
3WEEeeeeaahh
0,14wow, NOW I know that sound effect
dat sound effect
3I love that sound so much x3
I can't hear it
we can watch famous cult movie "coming soon"
LAG
0,14I never knew that sound before
0,14;n;
<3 sound effect
there it is
epic sfx
can we watch movie now??
scifi
pwease? :(
i hated the lion king
Die
anyone seen coming soon?
hated?
RainbowDash48, you have no soul
too late Everlasting_Joy
how could you possibly HATE lion king?
i think he misspelled fapped to as hated
Exactly how could you?
05nice troll RainbowDash48
just got here, what am I watching?
YOU CANNOT HATE THE LION KING
10,02RainbowDash48: I lol'd
^
coperhawkeye it is an interview
where does one sign up for the news letter?
8/10 good troll
the movie will be on soon
ah
Now now, everyone's allowed to an opinon... Aren't they? :(
RainbowDash48 will eventually cause an internet war
The Lion King 1 1/2 is a great direct to video flick...
ik!
I like on the bonus feature game when they run into the yeti
I just took a closer look at the Bronystate Movie-Night-backlog and noticed that I missed SO MANY GRAT MOVIS!!! T_T
Same here...
:'(
I think it was a teaser for Expedition Everest @ WDW
0,14HAHHAAH
0,14YES
lion king 3d would probably have been good in english, but is is worthless with shitty lip-sync
Just wait for the 6 months to pass and request it again
um
00,10oh the shame
how?
Everlasting_Joy: O RLY?
haha
Watership down, District 9 inception princess mononoke -.-
11,01Gold Accounts will be sold starting next week.
this is a RECORDING!
lol
ofc
and then my chances of winning B movies greatly decreased
god I hate women
otakon: My mind is blown
I should just start being gay
it should be
[Message only Visible to BronyState GOLD Account (TM) holders]
we have been lied to!?
lol
....interesting info there....
08,01Taking questions here, too!
niche one Ictiv ^^
What are these Gold Accounts?
can the interview be over now?
What is the meaning of life?
TOY_PON3: I hoped my joke cleans it up... There is no such thing
42
[Respond to Ictiv only Visible to BronyState GOLD Account (TM) holders]
[Message cannot be sent, please insert $0.25 to continue messaging....]
0,14Matt Smith is best doctor.
0,14XD
10,02Where did all your usernames come from? :P
Where is the sandwich I ordered an hour ago?
Ictiv: I'm stupid :P
SaxyPretender: you troll you
Hahaha
YOSHI
WHAT?
TopHat
What?!
Drip
i agree, matt smith is best doctor
sandvich, sandvich, sandvich, sandvich!
dat Tennant
drop
ahem
oh that dari and his tennant
he keeps saying 'Eh'
Matt Smith!
Everlasting_Joy is Canadian
hmm
holy shit
prince dari isn't HER!
and suddenly stream derp
HERE!
hmmm
10th doctor is best doctor, period.
yes?
Each Doctor has their own appeal. Each has their own charm, there own style, and their own personality. Deal.
1
talk about MATT SMITH
2
3
4
5
6
...
fuck
daribot attack
that spam
nvm
;)
Second best is 3rd
Matt Smith is okay. His companions are awful though.
0,14...oh god
Then 11th
collin baker is bast doctor
:D
what the hell
damn it dari
ha, kicked by regular dari
:D
yeah, that's new
DeathStar: You mean Tom Baker?
I agree
08,01Brony, was that for us or the BronyState cast?
oh ValtheJean don't you love fanfiction?
we should watch My Little Pony: Princess Promenade
ah..... my childhood
no i like collin
I was kidding
it figures
I resent G3 now
Wait, there was a Colin Baker too?
if you say Matt Smith
Which one was he?
yeh
although it was my childhood
i cant remember his number
Matt Smith
#bronystate
Open it!
10,02Both
Colin Baker was notable for haveing the most eye-wrenching outfir of any Doctor.
everlasting_joy whats your favorite pony?
niggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercunt
DeathStar: General look? (Age/Hair/Clothes)?
niggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercuntniggercunt
