63k steps?!
lol emangamer, I'm not sure whether I should hug you or take this as a trolling oppurtunity
I think Imma do both
/me is laughing really hatd at Hazrd3's comments
ScootaChicken: go with the former
/me hugs emangamer
SCORE
nope.
/me hugs ScootaChicken
I'm British.
*Hazard3
00,10take it some place else pony_6836 we already know
I have to troll people.
it's in my blood.
ScootaChicken: but...you just hugged me
13so nittany ist atlas, who is pbody
he didnt mean it
/me yanks ScootaChicken out of the hug and hugs emangamer again.
ScootaChicken: is a SPY!
Shizuka: Sumica
herpity derpity doo
Pegasister16: O.o....
00,10nope not me
/me pulls ScootaChicken into a group hug
13sumica ist restreaming
oh...
00,10I would be talking by now if I was playing
can I possibly feel any dumber
00,10it's nitt and simon
you probably thought that hug was real.Nope.Chuck Testa!
Sumica: multi screens/computers like I was planning on doing
/me reluctantly hugs ScootaChicken and completes the group hug
Hazard3: seriously, that meme was never funny to begin with
00,10soon emangamer I have 2 grand coming back from the irs
ME TOO *doggy piles everypony*
Pegasister16: I know, it's hard to hug a man that smells like fish and chips
Sumica: HOW?
ahahaha
00,10much system upgrading will be done
Pegasister16: reluctantly? :P
^
lucky
00,10cause I clame 0 when I file
ScootaChicken: you smell too much like british food
emangamer- You talking about ScootaChicken?
yes
I've never played either Portal games. Going to have to as soon as my safety training cousrse is done. Those puzzles look fantastic
and I do not smell like Fish and Chips!
I smell like fission chips.
00,10they take a bit more out during the year but it's a nice one time payday each year
dohohohoho
emangamer- You BOTH from Britian?! :O
ScootaChicken: In Heaven…the mechanics are Germanthe chefs are Frenchthe police are Britishthe lovers are Italianand everything is organized by the Swiss.In Hell…the mechanics are Frenchthe police are Germanthe chefs are Britishthe lovers are Swissand everything is organized by the Italians.
and i'm back
haha
silly people never tell me when lunch is
Pegasister16: I'm not. ScootaChicken is the only smelly brishis here
it's not very nice of him ;______;
Oh! That's makes sense!
see that?
emangamer: I love that joke.
i'm australian, thats kinda british
that there was him being mean ;_____;
Randomnerd: gotta love ben yahtzee crowshaw
ScootaChicken: it's not mean if it's true :P
/me wubs ScootaChicken very muc
I don't smell ;______;
emangamer, STOP MAKING FUN OF SCOOT! YOU LOVE AND TOLERATE THE :[ :[ :[ :[ OUT OF HIM1
ScootaChicken: you eat brisish ood, it's inevitable
u smell like fish and chips therefore smell good
If those turrets looked like Fluttershy, I'd go out and try to hug one
Pegasister16: it's alright because I make fun of his because I wub him <3
lol
ultimate trap
what's wrong with British food?
flutterturrent
turret'
it smells good
thats what she said!:D
lol, the voiceover has been doubled
oh shit...things are about to get started. my download is running at 700 kb/s nao
13piiiing toooool
anyone see that Itunes has ep 17 up?
sorry for that joke
i walked right into that one!
13uuuuuse iiiiit
Tenure: yes, no spoilers
brb
1,3Spoilers will result in an instant ban
emangamer- Does he know that you wub him, even though you tease him?
i just came back and nothing is streaming did u choose a game?
00,10or you mic's
I'm tempted to buy and stream it for everyone...
ScootaChicken knows I wub him second only to SuperBrony64....
and vi
and shizuka
Tenure: someone is allready doing it
and all the rest of bronystate
ah
well that's good then
heh
mfw emangamer loves me the least out of all the people on BronyState
emangamer- Including me? :(
not watching it though, i'ma wait for saturday
yea sorry ScootaChicken but your behind all of the cool ponies on my wub list
/me huggles ScootaChicken
why isn't the stream working?
Pegasister16: I'm not sure if your happy or sad that I wub you more than scootz
moop: its working, i think
emangamer stop being a wanker.
i've swaped mine to the direct livestream
emangamer, you best be trollin
00,10man this is frustrating to watch
You best be trollin' son.*
ScootaChicken: this is payback for all the times you haved trolled me over the months
I've never trolled you.
Sumica: that's the point
emangamer- You've known him much longer than I have. Therefore, you have the right to wub him more than me.
ScootaChicken: YOU LIE
tis merely lighthearted jest.
;)
:)
Pegasister16: I have the right, but I also enforce the ability to not use that right
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
double voiceover again
what you have done, you scurvy knave, is complete vileness and utter villainy
emangamer- ???
the box doesn't float....:(
thats what she said!:D
damn, my download is chucgging at a good 700 kb/s I'm so proud of my inernet
and is far worse than my lighthearted tomfoolery
lolwut
13dat flash of brilliance
bouncy cube
ScootaChicken: http://arch.413chan.net/WHY_WUB_WOO_SO_MUCH-(n1293929867319).jpg
/me huggles Flutterguy
/me because his reactions are very delayed
sorry didn't make much sense.
/me hugs ScootaChicken again
13faaaaail
Flutterguy: ohai
Shizuka: dont be mean to the boy
Hey phase4
emangamer- yay! I solved a conflict. Score one for the Dr. Phil viewer! :$
Just lurkin'.
>->
<-<
Pegasister16: there was never a confilic. me and ScootaChicken show our wub through hatred
ScootaChicken: I HATE YOU
emangamer- LOL
emangamer: that was not a very nice thing to say young man.
13mfw nittany never uses partner view
:D
/me hates ScootaChicken with the firey passion of a thousand fiery suns
/me hugs emangamer again
/me hugs
I'm back
/me pulls ScootaChicken into the hug despite him smelling like greasey food
:( please stop ads
emangamer- :D
eww
no. just a portal gun mod...far better than nothing :)
greasy food
yuck.
Yummy food
/me 13bites her lip, not going to solve from chat not going to solve from chat
Good.
ScootaChicken: you just described all of british quizine in one word
1,3lol Shizuka
Shizuka: I knew this would torture you... I'm sorry
so what I miss?
otakon: Shizuka is under extream amounts of pain
13ball juggling
lol
Where was chat when I was lost in Myst? :P
otakon- a lot of things
00,10that sound so wrong out of context
13like i said... es ist not nearly as fun when you have solved coop
13like four times
what Sumica said
so much.
13es ist an uneasy mix of playing with your partner und dragging your partner
alright only another 1 hour and 45 minutes untill I can start to install portal 2 again
oh god I'm so inappropriate when I'm sleep deprived ;____;
Imma go bed now
ScootaChicken- What? Me?
night guys
/me touches ScootaChicken...on the arm
go to bed
Nitey-Nite, ScootaChicken! :$
Shizuka is probably screaming at the stream
night ScootaChicken <34
night ScootaChicken sleep well
night scootachicken
hopefully when I've had some sleep I won't be such a horrible human being
bye!!
ScootaChicken: I doubt it
:P
come on stream, stop laggin
oh wait, thats my pc
/me goes back to hugging emangamer
/me 13buries her head in a pillow
Pegasister16: I must give really good hugs huh?
/me hugs
why what did you do ScootaChicken?
Shizuka: do it
00,10geting the urge to reache in and say no do it like this too eh Shizuka?
why am i still crying from MLD?
13so much ><
/me pats Shizuka "hey look at it this way, if I were playing it would be 10 times worse"
Shizuka: you know you want to
night ScootaChicken
emangamer- IDK I just love hugging people!
moop: because its that heart trrobing
13steam chat is right there.. i could do it...
Shizuka: do eeettttttttt
1,3lol
13but both of them have solved all the puzzles they should know this!
Inb4 Sumica sends in Control Cat
um
emangamer- ESPICALLYPEOPLEIJUSTMET!!! lol
Shizuka: I havent beaten co op yet...so when I play it will be SO much more fun
'control cat'?
Pegasister16: I NEED AN ADULT
emangamer: i never thought that a fan fic could be so sad
11,01I'm terrible at puzzles. OK? :p
emangamer: I AM AN ADULTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!
13brilliance!
13aaand miss
00,10everything was right ecept no one caught the ball
moop: dont tell RAWRity...he thinks its just mediocre
Shizuka: ease up on the poor lad.
13okay so i was mostly right.... FEW things require reflexes in portal 2
/me stops hugging emangamer because she's only a teenager
ya i heard him talking about it
Pegasister16: and I'm not?
/me is now confused with emangamer
this reminds me of my first puzzle game...took me a year to beat on my own
I try I try...
THE CHAMP IS HERE
MLD didn't make me cry as much as Bubbles.
Hallo thar bronystate (O_O)/"
/me facekeyboard
13riven took me ages (heh) cause one of the disc transitions was broken
does Shizuka have to smack a filly?
efr;gev;uhgdf`gth;uhggthsguhgbgt
dat spam
hiya Randall1160
mario_pony : i need to read that!
Oo ehai!
can u send link?
/me hugs Pegasister16
dont be confused
moop do it right nao!
wait
i will
Myst was the game. Had the hardest time getting the rocket ship to work, and a harder time getting out....O G-d the tracks! O_O
emangamer I ADDED YOU ON PONYSQUARE C:
/me STILL confused, hugs emangamer back
Randall1160: too bad I never frequent Ponysquare
13myst...
SPOILER ALRET...
ponysquare?
should I watch this?
13yeah i've kinda memorized every single puzzle in myst...
brb
Shizuka: you must REALLY like puzzlers huh?
you can?
/me has Myst revalations sitting next to him
sing it!
13if i were 20% more music minded i would have the notes themselves memorized
13best i can do is go straight to the sliders and solve it from memory
I still have yet to beat Uru, 4 & 5. Its a shame those Myst games are hard to find nowadays.
dammit
13Cypresswolf: Uru Live is free again
another 2.5 hours untill portal is downloaded
I never beat revelations D:
13revelations is ridiculously hard
Cypresswolf: I have myst revalations right next to me
IKR I remember my family playing it for months and just being like DA FUQ DO I DO?
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-X94ACLKYO8E/Tw4LMMMxwPI/AAAAAAAAaus/G9yiPFHzc1A/s1600/110793+-+artist+ponykillerx+being_awesome+rainbow_dash.png
13and it's not even that hard because the puzzles are hard to figure out
13it's the execution
I'm back.
12o-o
oHAI
Havent been on Uru live since after it went down the 2nd time. gave up after that. Still play Myst on occasion now.
13that stupid hand control... not designed for precision work
/me turns off caps
00,10tempted to put the music back on
1,3^
12regardless that this happened almost half an hour ago
13myst 5 was like uru part 2
;p
/me runs
Shizuka: For some reasing I think you have played that game multiple times...idk why though
12wtf did I wal-:O
13with half the sensible story
/me POUNCES
/me sits alone in a corner
13Midnight!
/me runz
I got most of the way throught URU before my comp crashed.
12D:
/me hugs Midnight_Tempest
/me pounces LOUDER
/me tackles LL
13cypress we should totally set you up with the bronystate hood in Uru Live
13und have everypony play <3
hey Shizuka *hugs emangamer back*
13canary~<3
/me caught
Shizuka :3 :3
/me hugs LadyCanary
00,10trollcube
/me eep
hiya LadyCanary
13i was trying to get ponies set up with Uru Live before but it takes so many steps to get in the hood...
/me grabs
13und you can't run the desert with people...
/me clings
Love that idea. Going to have to abandon Vista first. Vista does not like any of the games I play, nor me upgrading to windows 7. I hate Vista SO MUCH!
12:3
ooh :3
here moop https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RgkrBTryVCfmAARA5ZCMTY4nTa2ta2-mhmdpxvipEoA/edit?hl=en&pli=1#%20 sorry it took so long.
12unlike Zelda, *I* would never push you off a cliff D:
13i think the desert is the only solo age though...
13maybe...
Zelda is a bitch
/me curls up on a couch
12agreed
/me curls up next to Midnight_Tempest and pats him on the head
she's also A CROSSDRESSER
/me hides
12also agreed
lol
13but anyway, uru live ist awesome und i only wish it were easier to get into
is uru live gooooooooood?
what is this....uru live?
13uru live is amazing
thanks mario_pony
that was so scary
13but you saw SB's stream.... so many steps to set up
What's that age in URU with the giant trees? grown together like a mountain cliff. <3 the scenery
uru live... isnt that for myst online?
Randall1160! Champeh! <3
13kadish is best age
HAI!
^-^
ohai Simonli2575
13kadish himself was a tool but kadish tolesa is best age
Shizuka: I think only like 2 ponies know what you're talking about
13:<
Hey guys. I have arrived too.
hello!!
Is the stream lagging for you guys too?
INGLORIOUS!
It is for me.
HOW ART THOU?
13well, with sumica restreaming we'll be way behind nittany und simon
o.o oh please... no all caps...
PRETTY GOOD MAH BRONY
Hi everypony I just wanted to drop by and see how things are going. I have so much make up work so I probably won't be on tonight so take care everypony see you all tomorrow :)
/me is getting his stream from livestream :3
13und yes midnight, myst online uru live
ohai TOY_PON3
obai TOY_PON3
a'ww see you later TOY_PON3 good luck!
have fun
hey TOY_PON3 i just messaged you lol
HELLO TOY_PON3!!!!
Aww. Cya when you get your shit done TOY
I regret not going to school yesterday :(
yay, i at least know my games...
lol TOY_PON3
Hihi TOY_PON3 <3 And good luck!
Ah. That can be a huge pain TOY.
HELLO fillyfillyy !!!!
hi
ohai
IngloriousPony89: and fillyfillyy
HaiThar fillyfillyy
why TOY_PON3??
Stay in school everypony, well atleast however still is in high school
i feel sooo special :D
like a well funded childrens museam XD
13the contents of the pit was also acid
13i'll let you absorb that
man it sucks im berely in 8th grade,
Shizuka: I didn't think acid was art
it is now
Absorb that? Was that a pun?
dang, cant remember to the solution of this puzzle
13psh, i was into acid before it was mainstream
/me rub his eyes and then his temples >_<
Shizuka: so, the pit is filled with acid?
Shizuka is best hipster scootaloo
/me 13is resisting the urge to steam chat the solution
Shizuka: TELL THEM!
What other drugs were you into Shizuka?:P
00,10dat well funded
Dont worry, mario, you're over 2/3 done with grade school now, keep on moving on :)
what kind of FUCKED UP childrens museam is that
00,10a well funded one
I LIKE DANGER DO!
God dammit...I need ponies right now I'm so irritated....
:|
what about college its gonna blow,
allbeit the human population could use acid in childrens museaums though
And in the Chuck E' Cheeses
/me wishes he could blow up every Chuck E cheese ever
With the children in it?
all the chuck e cheeses in my area went out of business when the 90's went away
/me has never been to Chuck E Cheese.
I hate Chuck E. Cheese
I've only been to one Chuck E Cheeses. And it sucked.
mario_pony: i feels so bad for derpy :'(
Why?
Imagine all the parents...Burning Down Chuck E Cheese (Time Hawkins "Imagine")
i know right.
hey did you guys see the itunes fail
HOOKAY, so the twilight zone is on now, and then Im going to bed
SO
13no spoilers
GOODNIGHT EVERYPONY!
moop just read Bubbles
Wait. What's wrong with Derpy?
(O_O)/"
night Randall1160
GOODNIGHT THAR RANDALL
im not gonna say anything about it Shizuka
bai bai
just saying i have it
Sumica: quit trolling :(
1,3lol
goodnight Randall1160
well first I'm headed to the wiloight zone
/me gets angry and breaks a table
then bed
oh, now I remember this puzzle .....well good luck on it :P
dont be mad TOY_PON3
Oh damn..
Pssst.
Hey.
brb, gonna restart computer, serious lag going on
You didn't hear it from me
Again, is the stream lagging like crazy for anypony else?
/me ruffles his hair. RAWR >_< brain not working :[
GUYS
But the newest pony episode got leaked.
EMANGAMER
....
Again, you didn't hear it from me.
portal 2's download is now at under an hour
00,10nah if i was trooling i would put on rainbowdash always dresses in style looping over and over
Heh heh heh.
/me IS ALSEEP
It took me and my sister forever to solve this
i know RawketLawnchair cause i have it
Sumica: but that would eventually get catchy and you would be doing everypony a favor
I'll wait till Saturday though. I'm not /that/ into ponies.
is Nittany_Discord doing this himself?
Dammit you guys stop spoiling it!
The question is, what to do. .
emangamer: are you downloading portal 2?
/me breaks another table
TOY_PON3: IKR????
TOY_PON3 im not gonna say what happens
chat ded?
gosh guys im not gonna spoil it
ahh my chat broke
Midnight_Tempest: yea...I was supposed to play with Nittany_Discord right now but I deleted it... :/
im not rude like dat
00,10my bet is some one at Itunes messed up when trying to reupload the lastroundup
fillyfillyy: good, cuz if you do you will be banned
Simon2: ding
i know
/me pokes Randall1160 to see if he is really asleep
I reloaded the chat
I AM NOT!
ah... i got it... still havent played the coop stuff...
trlolol
im just mentioning how amazing it is that itunes failed so hard
so
acid?
really?
The last few Co-op missions are brutal
where is Nittany_Discord's partner?
/me doesn't care
/me yawns. Well, off to bed now.<3 Hope everyone has a great day/night.
Shizuka: for the love of GOD hlep them!
/me IS ACTUALLY ALSEEP NOW
night LadyCanary <e
/me hugs LadyCanary <3
night LadyCanary sleep well dear!
night LadyCanary :)
goodnight ladycanary!
night LadyCanary...
Night LadyCanary you rest
Night LC!
oh god i just had to go back and read bubbles again big mistake.:'(
the itunes copy is STILL up, might not have been a mistake
All of you too <3 *tweets happily* night~
Heres a trick on how I do it for all rooms, try solving the puzzle backwards
/me is not a big fan of derpy fics
What's Bubbles mario?
fillies please, I'm a canary
/me breaks another table
it's a fanfic about derpy thats really sad.
Stupid make up work!
does any one know any really really well written fan fics other than sad ones?
/me just looks at the table being broken >_<
/me sighs
00,10dat Shizuka pm
moop: I've got a list. I'll pm you
please do
moop: you should read Sunset
I've heard that there's a fanfic called "Progress" that is raelly good. Havn't read it myself though moop
13oh my
I need to get my shit together and do this even if I sleep late..
13oh wow livestream is lagging... just now seeing him reply
:'( oh god i got tears all over my laptop.
hmm really?
mario_pony: you okay?
seeing who reply to what now?
otakon: he read bubbles
As many tears as My Little Dashie mario_pony?
emangamer: ouch, not Bubbles
whatever the hell bubbles is
/me breaks another table
....
i would test lag but i'm on the livestream
dobtful
not sure if that was it
13okay refresh and lag gone
idk what bubbles is so... :/
I don't care for bubbles
13i'm on his livestream directly
i heard funny noise
theres a steam window
Sorry I don't
/me throws a table at TOY_PON3 lazily
I READ BUBBLES AND MLD TODAT :'(
maybe even more i don't know why but bubbles makes me a cry baby.
is this the reply?
/me makes a funny noise to scare Phase4
refreshed
gah! dat noice
moop: Big mistake there
/me flees
moop how much did u cry to MLD
moop: READ SUNSET
its amazing
/me breaks another table
00,10urge to asume direct control rising.
Grr...
TOY_PON3: STOP THAT....you dont want to pay for those do you
emangamer: i wouldnt call it amazing but its a good storu
emangamer: is it sad?
Sumica: music...anypony?
story'
/me breaks a TOY_PON3
:P
/me curls up more on his couch
Phase4: it's the best fic to date
/me cries at broken tables
its kinda sad
emangamer: i would contest that
Music. . .
I have to admit, that accid is very efficient at killing bots
moop: isn't untill the last chapter, but it's sad in the way that makes you feel happy and satisified
i got a ? is the next episode out yet?
emangamer: I own a organization named SAVETHEFLUTTERTABLES
Dammit I'm a hypocrite :(
/me flips said fluttertable
emangamer: kind of like MLD?
00,10Finaly he sees it
1,3Sleepy time, have a good night everypony :)
bye
emangamer: http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/04/its-dangerous-business-going-out-your.html << i liked this more than sunset, different kind of story though
Night kirzstryfe
00,10Night kirzstryfe
bye kirzstryfe
night kirz...
moop: no. its a completly different kind of sad
night kirzstryfe
kirzstryfe: <3 night
night
/me feels bad and donates 100 bucks to organization
:(
moop: kind of like... IDK I can't explain it. but its not so sad it makes you cry. it's more like "I'm glad everything worked out" sad
That's a lot of deer.
I should just start doing my homework now huh?
sure...
emangamer: ill check it out
Phase4: that cast of ponies doesnt sound good to me
emangamer: trust me, it works
Now its working great ^_^
IDK I liked "And I shall call them 'cuppins' quite a bit
:)
/me sighs
Phase4: havery ou read that?
its halirious
/me feels alot better
Later everypony I'll be back later..maybe
bye TOY_PON3
/me feels worse
/me flipps TOY_PON3 like a table
later TOY_PON3
damn enter key...
Ow..
emangamer: not that i can remember, found it on eqd. i'l reed soon
13dat shizuka spoiling in illegible PM :P
TOY_PON3: you know you liked it
read'
/me noms on TOY_PON3's mane
Phase4: its HALIRIOUS
nomnomnom g'night
the PM is a lie...
emangamer: Maybe ;)
/me hugs fillyfillyy
goodnight everypony :)
/me returns hug
wish I could stay up til the wee hours of the morning, but Im getting pressure from work telling me to hurry up on that safety training.
Midnight_Tempest: those jokes aren't even funny
Night moop take care
an my computer is hauling ass tonight...I'm impressed
Night moop
emangamer: your not funny >_<
night moop
g'night moop
Midnight_Tempest: thats a like and you know it
Its soooo boring to sit through at least 30 hours of pre recorded lectures and taking a test after each test...BLAH
nigh moop
HEY!!!! STOP THE PRESSES NEW EPISODE!!!!!! Less than 7 minutes! http://www.livestream.com/micthemicrophonezero
Im off now
Sounds like fun Cypresswolf
Cypresswolf: do you want some cheese with that whine?
After each *chapter
And night thar TOY
Shizuka: quit spoiling it
13but..
13es ist better than everypony sitting around waiting for it to be solved .-.
so Phase4 what was that about those sad fics? can u link me to the best one of them
Shizuka: I know it pains you, but I havent finished the co op and You are technically being a spoiler...you know what the rules call for
Shizuka: give them the strategy guide
poor Shizuka
/me hugs Shizuka "Sowwie :("
Yes! I'll take some ... cant think of the name...its a sweet cheese for desert dishes...
why is it that I've never seen a fic about zecora?
TopHat: because she isn't a pony
there's fics about spike or gilda
She's still a character. I guess she's jusst not that popular.
TopHat: but they are the best ponies
maybe everyones racist
YUS
That too 9699
Dearest Apple Jack with coat of orange
finally
.... FUCK
I bless the rains down in aaaaaafricaaaaaaaaa
Yes emangamer? What is the cause of this fuck?
Fucking.
guys
Doorhinge emangamer?
theres nothing that a hundred men or more could ever doooooo
YAY! YOU DID IT :)
yes otakon ?
no thyre not thyre pretty....got? i dunno know
I'm gonna head out a bit, brb
Fucking is the cause of all fuck.
IngloriousPony89: nope
wait? what?
pony_9699: that might be a bit excessibe :/
>_<
excessive*
dat portal 2
The more I think about you're statement 9699 the more my head wants to explode
lol
paint blue on blue, it looks cool
Cypresswolf: LOL
00,10*headdesk*
Sumica: yes *beats eyelashes* Sumica?
00,10oh just the watching them walk off the edges
Ooo. I just now am getting to listen to the stream's music. Me gusta.
Sumica: thats AS pretty funny
WAS*
00,10it's just a radio station i listen to when I game IngloriousPony89
@pony
13nittany tells me somepony solved these for simon
/me pushes Link off a cliff
a stranger
12:D
00,10it shows =p
not a pony
well... thats cheating...
it ain't
Oh God this puzzle
well good night everypony i'm going to bed.
needs moar dakka...
00,10suddnly ls lags
byemario
mario_pony:
Gnight mario
night mario_pony
13i suppose everypony would be portaled out after this... wish i could draw so i could play my mix...
is there such a thing as "portled" out?
ive been portalled out for a couple years...
I feel like the luckist guy in the world. I'm getting my gf to draw me a pony picture. It looks awesome so far :D
emangamer - depends if you can get that second portal outside the testing complex
13i mean... i can blast through it in under an hour..
131 that is, 2 is still a good six hour endeavour
Shizuka: I dont like the non-chamber part of portal two...they aren't as fun
Shizuka - well when you consider that 1 was just a very well fleshed out concept rather than a full game
13that too
00,10Do what you want Shizuka it's your show after all
Awsome! Portal 2, Damn i wish i had that game!
yea what Sumica said
13maybe start with plasma pong... that would get everypony limbered up...
^
lol plasma pong
13oh don't lol, you'll see
lol plasma pong
00,10part of the problem is alot of the new co-op test pull heavly from the earlyer ones so if you have not done them in some time.
13that too
Shizuka: you must be a fast reader. Ever time I finish reading something you already have a response out
Wait. A snorkel? Why does P-Body have a snorkel??
because reasons
Does Portal 2 have hats?
00,10cause they spent so much time diveing in to acid
13emangamer...
lol
13if you knew...
Have you seen the new mlp fim episode named hoves and hearts day?
As promised, greetings everypony!
13no spoilers genesis
GenesisIsMagic: no dont say anything about it
Also what's this song?
Shizuka: what do I not know??? sounds important
00,10we all know itues messed up in fact many have knowen for upwards of 9 hours
13emangamer: i was reading by 4, and was so far ahead when i started school they had to keep moving me up a grade when it was reading time
Greeting Everlasting
Hi IngloriousPony89.
emangamer:Ok,But we saw it live!
13i broke the grading curve in every single english class i ever took
but itn't that just more along the level of skill and intellect and not nessicarily speed?
0,14oh hai everyone
Ohai SaxyPretender <3
English as in reading to english as in adjectives and sshit Shizuka?
Howdy SaxyPretender.
hi SaxyPretender
13emangamer... i read a 500 page book in one night
00,10Sup saxy
13coincidentally that was the night i didn't sleep
holy shit
13or at least i think it was 500 pages... kindle does not say
500 pages
00,10yay
13but The Amber Spyglass is definitely not short
0,14are we discussing reading stuff?
Hey saxy
/me always feels inadiquate when compared with shizuka... :(
I wouldn't have the patience to read 500 pages
13don't feel that way
00,10read JP 1 and 2 in a weekend
Ever read Romance of the Three Kingdoms? 1300 pages and the best book EVAR!
13look up impostor syndrome and you have me to a tee
but you're so much better than I am
I remember reading an entire book in one day in sixth grade.
Shizuka: Yea, I've heard of that
0,14Hmmm, my CMOA is probably finishing the last Harry Potter book in...5 hours?
What's this song playing God damnit!
5 hours?! Thats fast
13i think i burned through... either deathly hallows or order of the phoenix in a night
/me is most inadequate person here...
The disasembly chamber isnt working...well I guess they'll die another day...that was terrible :|
i ran through each of the HP books over the span of 2 days, reading during class in high school no less
Nope. I get that honor Midnight
(though i did most of that reading during Psychology class...)
13i should take a picture of the great book of amber...
They aint all winners
Shizuka: you know you are so awesome. You can't deny it.
20% more awesome than the rest of us
^
13the great book of amber, 10 books in one, 1258 pages...
13i believe my standing record is 10 days
i doubt that inglorious... im 27, living at home with my mom and have no job... i am inadequate made whole...
:O Shizuka
00,10moon gel
13so yeah... i read very very fast
/me is always jelly of Shizuka
I know the myst topic is an hour old, but did ya'll know there are Myst Books? The Myst Reader, 3 in 1
very nice Shizuka
13myst books are brilliant
My book took me a long time to read. Almost as many pages as yours.
13i have all three in paperback but ti'ana ran away and d'ni lost its back cover somehow
Puts alot of history to the games
13but i picked it up in kindle form~<3
13love them soooooooo much
there's been a 4th one announced, but never finished...forget how many years its been now
is there
13didn't something have a sample chapter of marrim?
/me despritely wants a Dark Souls book
0,5Well
0,5Goodnight everyone
Are you playing this on steam?
13was it myst reader or myst 5 that did...
Marrim! Thats it
Night LordCelestia.
is there's a proper conjunction of there and has?
Goodnight LC
i managed to read 3 of the Game of Thrones books in 3 weeks... those are all over 700 pages each
Night LordCelestia
13emangamer: contraction? there's?
0,5Nunights
13nacht LC
/me gives hugs
Shizuka: yea that....
night LordCelestia...
/me feels really stupid right now
13protip, "will not" is the only odd one out
/me gives ALL THE HUGS
13because will'nt sounds dumm
/me nods
Shizuka: but can there
there's be there has*
13yes
huh
13there's been a lot of that lately
13see what i did there
I know people have been using it forever but I didn't know if it was proper
Hey do you think mlp fim is better then portal 2 or portal 2 is much better then mlp fim
/me explodes
13we don't always show ponies
Shizuka: http://images.icanhascheezburger.com/completestore/2009/4/15/128842884140461995.jpg
hey
Game vs TV show? Invalid comparison.
^
13type mismatch
Try again.
compare when Portal becomes a TV show...
Sorry I got on so late...how did the game store thing go?
maybe not for mods, but for all other ponies it was very enjoyable
I know and that's awsome! I love portal 2 it's a awsome game!
its up to those two rarity's :P
00,10they had a portal tv show, it was called Cube
^
oh my go Sumica that movie....
00,10movies
oh wait... a movie is not a tv show...
not what I hoped
GOD DAMN why am I stupid tonight?
the manager wasnt able to give me the signs I wanted
How about this: MLP FiM vs Ed, Edd, and Eddy
00,10we have had super meat boy lets plays
but they gave me what they could
00,10FiM over EE&E
I got a box full of game display boxes and a few posters
/me slaps Sumica
Awe why couldnt they give you the signs?
RARITY??? since when are atlas and pbody rarity?
I love MLP, but my nostalgia glasses are WAY to strong. Ed, Edd, and Eddy is the best cartoon ever.
00,10I did not like that show much
Sumica: Cool! I wish you guys did that again!
I guess its some sort of contract
13eene was built on slapstick... which did work most of the time, sound effects made it
^
I know that with their signs there are some that a company might want back
dat sextant...
13car horn for various impacts is just perfect
nintendo might give them some signs but afterwards they might request them back
its the same with other companies, I have no idea why but thats just how it goes
Oh I see. Well you made out pretty good though
its the main reason why it costs so much money to buy them online
und then the chat was ded
00,10it had it's moments but then again I saw most the jokes back when the three stooges did it
besides the posters and boxes I also got a bunch of buttons that say DLC available
13mfw nittany looks straight at what he needs to shoot...
Why dont you guys do a play through of mincraft!
I've never watched the three stooges is the thing. But I still think I would enjoy EEND more
it was to promote games that let you download more stuff online
I have only seen a few episode of three stooges...they were margional at best (when I saw them)
00,10we have done some MC play alongs as well
ill post a picture of the stuff one of these days..
MTG DotP playthroughs?
/playalongs
13hm..
that wouldn't be very entertaining so...
13the puzzle mode is vaguely interesting
00,10wrek has one hell of a city going on our server
yeah... lets watch a cardgame... >_<
the puzzle mode is fun yes
13i think i still have some sets to do in planeswalkers..
Midnight_Tempest|AFK: it worked for yugioh
Im walking on acid Whoa oh :P
How about gameplay of sonic generations
Shizuka: PC I'm assuming
13jaja
GenesisIsMagic: NO
damn...I have it for xbox
eventually ill get some console signs, just not at this time
the DLC is pretty entertaining as well
some good new decks
13but not magic 2012 either, i preordered the first duels of the planeswalkers... and then my game shop didn't have the free card when i went to redeem the coupon :<
im gonna go shoot stuff for a bit... going AFK in chat...
GODDAMMITDARIBOT
Yeah
That reminds me. emangamer, did you send me a friend request on live a couple days ago?
IngloriousPony89: I doubt it
you would know if it was me
considering my name is eman gmaer
gamer*
Hmm
yo
I got a random friend request and I have no idea who it is
Accepted it anyway :P
Hi
emangamer:Damnit! What's the song playing in portal 2?
ask Sumica
IngloriousPony89 why?
I got a request on steam and he told me that he saw RD as my profile pick and boom! friend request
althought I doubt he knows
sup?
00,10if only somthing on stream said what it was eh?
Got some skylanders finally
How is it i've neverr seen CloudSabre before
13that reminds me...
No idea why Everlasting_Joy. Will probably take him off if I clean out my friends list.
:D
Sumica :What's the music playing in portal 2?
yes, <bats his eyelashes> shizuka?
figures?
13some random from the tribes 2 forums (well... they've branched out now) started messaging me randomly cause he said he saw the bronystate tavern on dA
I REALLY need to clean my friends list out. Too bad I'm a lazy fat*yay* to do it.
Yup
00,10yay Shizuka?
cool what kind?
13and i'm like... dude... round those forums i am the heartless monster who singlehandedly wrote every rule they live by, and i didn't even start the servers
You have like Everlasting?
live*
I thought arse is a permitted swear?
Double trouble, whirlwind, drill sergeant and mutha fuckin cynder
Shizuka is worst heartless monster, considering she is deeply compassionate
IngloriousPony89 are you refering to me?
ahh nice
Ive got cynder
Eeyup
00,10Shizuka heartless?
13i should totally link those rules sometime... shows what happens when i go into srsmode alone
havent tried her yet though
Have you guys ever seen happy tree friends?
sorry im not talking much, doing E T 182 HW
Of course Genesis. Who hasn't?
IngloriousPony89 268.
I would hate to see a team of Shizuka srsmode ponies..
268? That's your gamertag or...? Everlasting_Joy
00,10I want to see a team of sea ponies
Ive seen HTF, years ago though, they still making those?
Oh no, I thought you were, and I was, refering to FB friends.
you had a hard time finding cynder?
It's late here, I'm tired.
What time is it where you live?
Actually ive had a hard time finding any :P quite a few times i looked i couldnt find any
I just like her a lot
/me only has 11% untill portal is installed
I should probably stay up
Of coarse it's has alway's been gory, The show is done in the same way of animation (Flash) like mlp fim
Sumica: Sea Ponies. Fsck Yeah.
00,10yay he's geting it
Shes already level 10 and fully upgraded
Sumica: either that or shizu is telling him how to do it
It's 2300 hrs, but I've been getting up early to do school work, and I've been burning myself out on school work as well.
I had a hard time at first but after a week I saw maybe 10 of em at one store
Shoo Shoo be doo!
13he figured it out
best time to stock up :P
How I haven't snapped yet is beyond me.
13he is mad at me now for pointing out the down arrow :<
SUUURRREEEE he did
00,10nah he got it before the mesage from Shizuka came through
11,01I got it just before Shizuka spoiled,.
Scheming jucies
13did not spoil :<
13just pointed out the bright arrow you kept missing :<
Shizuka: you know you're the most wubbed pony here right?
11,01This is why I don't do well at games like BF3.
I bought all they had that i didnt :P
Maybe it was because you pointed the arrow out on his knee?
11,01Slow thinker.
I think the last HTF I saw was the video by...hmm...minds like a seive tonight. can't remember which band that was
you mean you bought extras of each figure?
i just relised that Shizuka's colours look like cheerilee
00,10just need to look at the set peices they plaster all ove the walls
No silly
I bought one of eaxh skylander i didnt have
ohh
thats what I was talking about >.>
00,106,13 nah this is cheerilee
AH
MY EYES
My eyes!
13portal 2 ist about identifying the three portalable surfaces und what the controls control, und then running the path
I only did that for cynder though, she looks awesome
/me hugs Sumica
The last latest HTF video I've seen was certian clause
i frikin LOVE cheerilee
best teacher ever
13i think after plasma pong i will not speedrun portal 1 but rather try to break everything <3
I can read that, but not the rainbow text
I dont remeber the last HTF that I saw. They were at an amusement park. That's all I remeber
also because a friend of mine couldnt find one
I frikin LOVE mac and cheese
meeeh, you two clearly haven't stared at the sun long enough
00,1013,6 although this is less eye rape
She is awesome
mfw it dawns on me that the next episode will feature cheerilee
:3
How here has played the Sega genesis/mega drive?
Shizuka: thats one think portal had over this one (untill the non test chamber part) was everything was portable so you didn't immediatly know where to go
I figured she might be collectable in the future
They had regular chop chop to, but i already have legendary so neh i can wait
13still had set pieces though
your doing it wrong
Flutterturrets
13the checkerboards that indicate fling targets for instance
00,10I have the master system
inb4 shizu already knows all of the console commands
Idk, i mean they sell her like everyone else
yea but not nearly as many as in portal 2
did you manage to find the legendary pack from toysrus?
I got that quite awhile ago
13no... in portal 2 the fling target is the only portalable surface in a sea of non-portalable
I own a model 1 master system!
thats awesome
Shizuka: instead of playing portal 1, play portal flash. that game is hard as hell
super hard to find
You didnt get it?
been trying to find it for a long time
00,10so manny fizzled balls
no
Lol they had a bunch when i went there
if I could buy a case I would
13portal flash's difficulty is in execution
13because horrendous controls
its still hard
^
I'm probably not aggresive enough
i ment Shizuka 's coment
:[turret: Your Going to LOVE ME *starts shooting*
Of course that was awhile ago
13the solutions are super obvious, it's just impossible to do them
which is probably going to happen in any 2d portal game
Maybe, since im driving so i can get my license ive been cheking them out more
Ive never seen it since before thanksgiving
untill the last 5 puzzles...then there is actually some genuenly difficult puzzles
13what was it.... Epsilon i think? now that was a portal 2d done well
I havnt either i suppose, glad i got it when i did
yeah
have you played mirrors edge?
^
I plan to buy the whole shelf if I see them
is good game
13played the demo
^
/me never could be bothered to play the Portal flash games
Lol
needs ALOT of work but its a good game
13first person platforming
its an INCREDIBLE game
Me too
damn thing is impossible to find
it doesnt worrent more than a rent though
And yes I've played the Mirrior's Edge.
I bet
00,10I played the portal pilot game, with princess no knees
13screed does parkour well because third person und simple controls
0,14fun factL Mirror's Edge made me want to learn parkour
I agree with Yahtzee. A failed experiment.
13narbacular drop was fun
Hey the next mlp fim episode (18) is called a friend in deed
Sumica: i couldnt get that to run properly
Exterminate!
13tag the power of paint is fun too
I cant wait for the next two bonus adventure packs
its campaign is short and its only lasting appeal is the time trials...so if you buy it you're waisting money
I heard tag was fun
One of them has sparx :3
IngloriousPony89: i disagree about the failed part, but it does have problems
00,10yep
13tag is amazing
oh?
/me got the full SCV OST today
Yup
yeah that ones also going to be popular
you know what is REALLY fun for an FPS? Shadowrun is a really fun game with a new interesting concept I had never seen before
00,10glad they got the gel idea from tag
granted its hard as hell but still its fun
Oh yeah Shadowrun. I suck so badly at that game.
13having the gel gun would have been so much more fun, but portal does go for the super simple
IngloriousPony89: everyone does...thats why it's fun
awesome portal 2
difficulty in simplicity. thats what portal is
maby i'm biased about mirrors edge, i downloaded it (this was pre money, i can afford some games now), might have hated it if i paied its $110 retail price
who is playing?
its a $30 game
I just rmember two of my friends having 1v1 matches and listening/watching to them fight and rage at eachother. Good times...
Phase4 - wait, $110?
GenesisIsMagic: Nittany_Discord
I was always much more partial to the tabletop Shadowrun RPG, which came first. (I had an amazing Physad known as the Azure Kitten.)
13as much as i harsh on portal 2's easy difficulty, they did get the puzzling down to a... heh... science
Phase4: I torrented it. I almost got sued
I prefer the SNES version of Shadowrun
MirrorImage: that was what it cost here
australia?
emangamer: same, didnt get sued though
13take a limited set of pieces and scatter them in such a way that you figure out how they go together
MirrorImage: how'd you guess
Kencolt: yea I know, but I was told that the rules were like 100000 pages long though
Which is why im gonna buy as soon as i see
oh this is the new content
that sounds like the kind of markup you aussie's get on video games
one of these days ill find that legendary pack
Good luck baby
Not that long-- b ut once you get the hang of it, it can be freaking amazingly fun.
00,10oh good they finaly noticed the mirror cube port
yeah, steam probably has alot of aus gamers simply cause of that
at least not factoring in conversion between USD $ and whatever you use as a currency there
i killed those turrets by picking up the ball and throwing it at them
Have you heard about the "sequal" yet?
You will , however need more than a few dice-- but only sic-siders.
13this coop game needs about 400% more ping tool use
i died in the process but it wa worth it
You know whats amazing? I've seen a blind man play LoZ OoT and beat a majority of the temples...that was an incredible sight to behold
13communication ist more than chat~
Six-siders.
yeah
Who thinks genesis or snes is better
0,14so who's streaming/playing atm?
saw it on the darkspyro website
Sounds sick
00,10I take it neather one of them has mics
HAAAAAXXX emangamer
I want that giant hehe
you think so? it doesnt look real appealing to me just yet
SNES is better GenesisIsMagic.
13nittany und simon are playing, sumica is restreaming nittany
IngloriousPony89: nope, truefactz
Why not?
0,14ah, gotcha
Nope, Chuck Testa emangamer
And HAAAAXXX
unless it has some spyro stuff involved I might pass on it
13i think nittany has a mic, just isn't using it
seriously that guy was really good for a blind guy
I was thinking about that
0,14also, that wonderful feeling when I can run to class with Ezio's SCV theme in my headphones
Did he beat the water temple eman?
So i guess i will wait to find that out
Everlasting_Joy:Your hell right!
yeah pretty much
going to be a bit idly now, watching tv
I come from a land down under
Where beer does flow and men chunder
GenesisIsMagic :)
Alrighty
Can't you hear, can't you hear the thunder?
IngloriousPony89: he got to the part with the stream and the water pits and said "I havent figured out the pattern for this room yet, so if anyone wants to help me send me a message"
0,14You better run
0,14you better take cover
0,14*flute*
Well everypony I think I'mma go to bed
ohai SaxyPretender
sleep well I wub woo all
Play cynder, noooow
0,14oh hai Phase4 XD
just thought it was appropriate for the conversation
Night then emangamer
/me 13hands SaxyPretender a vegemite sandvich
Night emangamer!
Vegemite. Ew.
Needs more meat
0,14I want to try vegemite
0,14just to know what it is
Who thinks the newer south park episode are better then the older south park episodes?
Shizuka: remember, you're never an imposter and everypony will wub woo forever, no matter what.
I think I'll go too folks. I need to get up early enough. Ugh. . .
there is a reason you get so much wub you know?
/me remembers this level
It's disgusting, that's what it is.
Night to you too Everlasting
00,10I think I use somthing with that name as a non stick spray Shizuka
wub wub wub
13pam?
13pam pam pam pam lovely paaaam
0,14Pam's a nice lady
00,10nah vegimite
00,10or was it vegi clean
/me leaves for bed
13i wish i could stream the Best of K102 Morning Show CD i have but like NONE of you would get it...
i'm tied regardless of it being so early
/me brohoofs emangamer before he goes to bed /)
00,10Nittany_Discord ingnore the ball get the mirror cube
/]
13cuuuuuuube
11,01What mirror cube.
0,14also, I hate paperwork
13up
11,01Nvm.
cube was a generally entertaining movie
0,14and running around to do said paperwork
[\
It should be our b movie one week
13where ist the spectator ping tool...
00,10ikr
i saw an unclosed brohoof, that could not be allowd to pass
00,10look up
00,10far side of room
00,10little teal lights indcate things you should look at
I miss my tabletop RPG days... Feng Shui was a favorite. Over-the-top Hong-Kong action flick game with wierd magic... the ONLY game I have ever seen with a target number for riding on the back of a nuclear missile and defusing the warhead-- and it was achievable.
What's the A and B this week, Air plane and top secret?
yu
<3 Airplane
ypu
0,14yep
yup'
13aaaaairplane
0,14I can't wait for those movies
13will be a good night
i misspelt 'yup' twice
0,14I've seen Airplane quite a bit
13i haven't seen airplane in ages
0,14never seen Top Scecret, but I've hear of it
oh look, a button
The spelling error has been doubled!
00,10use the funnle and the lazor
can you do that? can you misspell twice?
Witch movie is better air plane or top secret?
Well, of course you have. Airplane is a classic of the WTF genre of films.
00,10lazor swaps funnle direction
13airplane i think would normally be a B, but it's such a GOOD B
dafaq is that sound? its like scratching, happens every 10-20 minutes and seems
Yes, you can misspell twice. I've even does it 4 times.
0,14eeeyup, Shizuka
0,14Airplane used to be my A pick
I was a bit surprised to see it as an A movie. But I'm still happy
0,14until I decided we need more westerns in here
Airplane is the better, IMHOP-- Top Secret is funny, but Airplane is a classic of gonzo comedy.
13i'm shooting for hitchhiker's guide und office space this week
00,10clue all the way
13because mfw we haven't seen office space :<
**Just exit chat room to bed**
/me gives Shizuka a red stapler.
i was suprised to see titan ae accepted as an a, dont think they care that much about the definition of a vs b
its not like it matters that much anyway
3Night ponies! I'll be heading out now
now?
Entertaining movies are entertaining. That's all that matters
ohai SlurryMoon
night SlurryMoon
bye, SlurryMoon
ill play the game eventually :P
3See you bright and early in the morning
0,14later SlurryMoon
Obai SlurryMoon
/me dreams of doughnuts
Why not muffins? Or bacon?
00,10portal the one game where the signs on the wall are important
13it's funny how in the portal 1 commentary they say how hard it is to get players to look up
^
00,10swap rolls guys
13and i go through games almost always looking up cause that's where the cool stuff is
the valve comentaries are very good
I'm not a pony, IngloriousPony89
13well... except left 4 dead... usually aiming towards the ground there cause there's less chance for friendly fire
Still, bacon Randomnerd
nom nom nom
weeee!
loop
L4D2 commentary was just ok
I think anyway
portal commentary's are worth a listen
at least you got the button
I wish you could save your game while in commentary mode in Portal 2
^
mine crashed about 3/4 the way through
00,10load chapters in comentary mode
13^ closest you get
i know but still
00,10one of you work the lazor the othere work the funnle
11,01Trying to do that.
Not an easy room
13once you know how it works...
Lol
oh, i just figured it
11,01We need to get someone into the funnel.
Sheeees so awesome though
easy, want to know how?
00,10the lazor operatore gets the funnel rider in to the funnle
Ohai
ohai GabeMoist
Hai GabeN
00,10funnel rider puts one by the mirror cube dispencer and in the funnle's path
Or GabeM I should say
11,01I need a mic.
theres bump mapping on the portal gun
WHY is there bump mapping on the portal gun
13normalmap ALL the things!
13it's the valve way!
12o-o
is it bump or normal? i think both could produce that effect
12night all
00,10ok use the lazor now
13i think it's interchangeable
/me pushes a cliff off a cliff
13bump map is what we'd call it but i think it's specifically normal map
13something about light bouncing off a surface normal or some 3D jargon like that
00,10......
got it
13compared to specular map which makes things shiny
00,10save for the part where nitt did not use the lazor
Ok I'm going to bed. See everypony later!
13then there's also parallax map which is like bump map +2
13takes flat surface und gives it sharp depth that makes it look like it's modeled
just did a google, bump maps and normal maps are about the same thing achived differently
13saw that coming
hemoth2012
normal maps and bump maps are used instead of the normal geometry when you do lighting
damn typo
what kind of attacks does she have?
0,14...so...cold
that gun has like 5 quads that we can see
hiya SaxyPretender
but LOOKS like it has more
use blanket
0,14oh hai otakon
00,10*facehoof*
0,14yfw I'm in my bed
it's SUPER EFFECTIVE
0,14under blankets
also
0,14and still cold
13progress!
13oh gog progress!
just came back from an advance showing of the new ep!
Celibrate good times!
0,14gog?
0,14like
13don't spoil otakon or i will have to hurt you
00,10fizzle all the balls
0,14the comic book character
I won't
I know of the rules
put ball in funnle
there we go
00,10ride with ball
/me hands Shizuka a foam trout just in case.
Lightning breath, and a dash that leaves ghosts to attack
hold on now
no need for that
Thats without upgrades of course
13nein... spoilers require application of the orbital cannon .-.
I know the rules damn it
0,14Better safe that sorry
0,14XD
what are you silly filliy's doing?
0,14man, I can't seem to type well tonight
13protip: you can overwrite each others portals
yeah ill try it
Yay
I gtg bed now baby
00,10protip you can angle the beam through portals
alright cyas
Niiiiight <3
13don't even have to in this case ><
0,14Protip: portals are awesome
13protip: shoot at the cyberdemon until it dies
protip
just ask Shizuka
13don't let that ball fizzle ><
00,10protip attack it's weakpoint for masive damage
0,14protip: Ezio's 44B is really safe
well that was quick
now put the ball in the funnle
13pick up that can
the new ep is up on YT already
/me thinks he's spelling that wrong
13stop spoiling otakon :<
00,10yes otakon we are all aware of the new ep leak by now
I'm not spoiling!
I just said it's up on YT
hwo is that spoiling?
i'd say it is
:P
0,14XD
Phase4: Funnel
13oh my gog they did ti
thx TopHat
allso hi
13now... for an even harder one ><
episode leak?
i was not aware
00,10simon get on the damn lift
its leaked, itunes put it up early
um
gog?
pony_7921: pony_8654: but the anons!
lol, the new episode?
yup, ep 17
i'm guessing its already taken down?
leme check
00,10it's a leak because it was not supposed to be up yet reguardless of where the leak is at
nope, still up
13it's a leak because it has not aired yet
oh shit
13which means no spoilers rule is in full effect :<
for sale, $2.99
11,01"I think if we prove that if you shout at a Rarity, all you get is a scared Rarity."
so that e17 leak was legit then?
2.99 for a spoiler xd
legit leak xd
lol
I shal get mah iPad
too bad I'm not living in US nor Canada
00,10still say some tech messed up over at itunes
hmm...well, i wont be buying it, i prefer to watch it first with everypony here, thats half the fun
i dont think the itunes link is a spoiler but to be safe pm me if you want it
something tells me someone will be paying hell for this, i can almost guarantee it
oh never mind
13strap in ponies
meh, there probably selling ALOT of copies on itunes
Phase4 - most of them through season pass, i'm sure
dont know what you meen by that
00,10they probably ment to put the last round up and grabed the wrong ep by mestake
well I already saw it
the fae in kingdoms of amalur are jerks
I couldn't resist
episode 14 still isnt on itunes
why apple why :'(
so its the actual ep then otakon?
00,10and if I had a seasion pass i would be pissed ep 14 was gone
its the real thing from what i've heard
Ingwaz: damn it, I want that game but my rental hasn't come in yet
eeyup
it's real
just watched it a half hour ago
theres a guy in another channel thats says he saw it
hmm, well otakon, now you have to miss out on all the fun of seeing it first on saturday
it was put on itunes by mistake
and aparently its good
I'm dling it on yt now
00,10must be rough having no self control =p
I have self control!
/me is waiting until saturday like a good little colt
of course its good Phase4, did you expect any less?
Ingwaz: nope
so evidently the episode is on youtube already, assuming i haven't just stumbled upon a 22-minute troll vid
prove it. Don't think about bacon for the next five minutes!
lol, i would laugh if it is a troll video
i havent heard a single person claiming its fake, so
if its a troll its the most epic troll ever
13whatever you do don't think, don't even think, think and you're dead
0,14..
0,14well, I'm dead
me too
0,14...oh hai everyone
Onward to more thinking
ohai DeadPretender
Portal 2? Can't watch >.>
hai Placebo
hai Phase4 :3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DGEolh4BrWY
alright, i'm getting too much spoilers from ponychan now... i'm just going to stop visiting until saturday evening
Ingwaz: Damn you
and that being said, it's also 12:30am, which means i probably need to be getting to bed
night folks
0,14later MirrorImage
00,10why doesnt the gel fizzle
you know its full of win Placebo
0,14also, now that I'm dead, it's going to be very difficult to enter my SCV tournament ;n;
13magic
mfw allmost all my recomended videos on yt are pony
^
0,14ghost hands, why you phase through controllers
the one exception is a sonic colours vid
same here placebo, and i like it that way
not a clue how that got there
I used to use my youtube for gaming videos only.. now.. Ponies. ponies everywhere.
mine are usually japan related, blazblue related, or pony related
VGPonies
http://youtu.be/N0NtyBNDLII its pony but i dont find it that funny
This webcomic needs to be made
13don't post youtube links during streams please
k
13even if they're halfop restreams, it's not easy to make this stuff work
0,14new Sinfest made me chuckle
13awwww
Shizuka There's a stream on? Where do I go for that? I'm just in full screen chat at the moment.
um
00,10bounce fizzle
0,14http://www.bronystate.net/theatre/twilight/
13ah iris, must be on ponychat's client
feels like there is something in my ear and its driving me crazy
and holy crap...its already 11:30
Ingwaz: is it sound?
13eeeeyup
i just checked the clock 10 minutes ago and it just turned 10
Ingwaz: it's your sinus' needing to drain I bet
00,10nah use http://www.bronystate.net/theatre/applejack/
would you look at that, ts 00:38 us est
DeadPretender: And God made *yay* and saw that it was Good!
13Aj room gets no love
Sumica: thats a funny way to spell twilight
Sumica: doens't matter, all rooms DED
no, i'm not having sinus problems, perhaps just a bit of water caught in my ear or something
all rooms DED!
^
13rooms are DEAAAAAAAAAD cause i made them that way
ty
Ingwaz: maybe
13+if <3
hey Ingwaz
Shizuka: WHY YOU KILL ROOMS?!?
are they going to be enabled during the movie night or just episode?
00,10still have to pick a room otakon, just cause you have a spam issue
I know
MahBoi777: something you need?
0,14+if only, +if only
but it just makes me enter bs again
o u DeadPretender
nah just sayin hi, lulz
13otakon: because thousands of ponies during pony episodes
um DeadPretender?
0,14the woodpecker sighs
Shizuka: soon, MILLIONS!
13und we can't watch mane chat flood und six other chats flood
ponies. ponies everywhere
DeadPretender: Holes, nice
13is easier to spread the flood out over the mane6 rooms
0,14:3
srsly though, movie night. siderooms or no
13but of course you can't get in, +i is invite only, und +f will send you here automatically
do the mane6 rooms get a lot of traffic during the sat stream?
/me should probably register and stuff
hihi
13you have no idea..
about 1/6th the load each. and the load is HUGE
0,14yep
Is there any way I can get into #bronymusic as well from the theatre?
twilight room frequently gets spamed with profanity
nvm
00,10use /join
13Evdog: click the "switch to iris" link in the lower right and you'll be back on iris
13and /join as usual
do they really? i didnt think theyd get that many considering we already have 2k in here alone usually
/me 13finally looks at mane stream... sees winamp in blue
oh, bronyradio. You and your Eurobeat brony make me :)
lol
alright ya'll. getting late for me. be back tomorrow morning in between study breaks
13Ingwaz: i believe the standing record is ~3000 in mane chat
13let me put it in perspective...
gnight Cypresswolf
00,104800
0,14yeah, that was for Luna ep
didnt it peak at 5600 once?
and it
13the logs for saturday morning streams are DOUBLE the REST of the week COMBINED
and it's currently 86
0,145600 was LS viewers I believe
00,105k+ in LS but the chat has less
Oh my god Guys
00,10not every one comes here to chat
no, i remember the chat peaking above 5k. might be wrong though
hiiiiiiiii
most likly wrong
ohai metalrainbowdashchan
5000?? wow
hey :)
hey metalrainbowdashchan!
13so yeah, the more load balancing we can do the better
i just found out, itunes derped out and release Hearts and Hooves Day OMG
13this way also we don't have to watch mane6 rooms during the week und let things slip by
MahBoi777 :)
how's it going?
we knows
yes, i've seen the on average 5k on the livestream, but assumed most just ignored the chat and were here for the stream along
00,10alot of viewers also chat on the LS page
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: we're aware already, just dont show it in here, no spoilers
/me is one of the people waiting until saturday
MahBoi777: what's for dinner?
Phase4: so am I
Simon2: I'm running out of Dinner!:O
Ingwaz i know i know
SuperBrony64: gimme Tacos!
lol
13this will be good...
13or bad...
i want to see the ep, so badly but waiting seems like the right thing to do...
por que no las dos?
hey hey hey
hi Ganon181
ahh Shizuka, i'm sure this has been asked many times before, but every time i've been around and asked, nopony has answered it former, perhaps you can, will we be stremaing the mare-a-thon on saturday as well?
00,10yes we will
0,14Yep
00,10Farly sure I answered you monday when you asked too
excellent, what time does it start comparatively to the saturday ep
00,103am pst 6 am est
00,10new ep will start 30 min late
finally done :)
did you? i asked a few times a few days ago, but i couldnt seem to get an answer out of anyone at the time, my apologies if you did
normally eps air at 10 am est correct?
00,10yep
eeyup
hmm...thats 5 am for me...but ponies is worth it
!cd
Episode 17 of season 2 "Hearts and Hooves Day" airs in 2 days, 9 hours, 41 minutes, 55 seconds (Feb 11 2012 15:30:00 GMT)
13hm... as good as it is... think i need to swap skyrim ost out of winamp's grabbag list...
10,02Guess what's going out on time tomorrow?!
welp, MictheMicrophone is going to Bronycon
wait, so I have to get up 30 minutes early .....rats
dat SuperBrony64
13a light bulb?
10,02O U
hey SB
is there a stream right now ?
00,10no darf, 30 min later
U SO SILLY?
10,02Ohai :3
so what's streaming?
0,14oh hai SB
us
Portal2
ti's Portal 2
I'm playin with Nittany_Discord
hi~ SuperBrony64
oh + 30 mintes, so it starts at 8:30 A.M .....*facehoof*
sweeet
13timezones man...
and so far I'm so confused 6_9
00,10depends on time zone Darf14
MictheMicrophone just got over 800 dollars in donations on his livestream page
hey SuperBrony64 :)
hiya SuperBrony64
Well thats my timezone
mah timezone is GMT+8, EST+13
00,10simon go help
lol
00,10it is called co-op
a'www
he done broke down crying
oops
wrong chat crap
these chambers are hard>_<
lol
gotta love portal
00,10this is like the easyist one of the set
ahhhh, it's for the better, i'll just wait for saturday, just need to close youtube, closing that tab was really hard
eeyup
only a person with a PhD can solve these fast on the 1st try
The one with white gel is the easiest imo
00,10and yet you both died on it
Moon rock jelly
wut
omfg
:D
XD
im going to sleep, night guys :)
Gnight~ Darf14
gnight Darf14
night Darf14
night
00,10hole in glass lets ingnore it
13brilliant!
11,01I see the hole.
i had a lot of fun on the portal 2 co-op, lots of funny accidental deaths with a friend
omg i can't get the idea out of my mind, need to get distracted, perhaps some TF2
sucks that u have to be separated
that's cause if you were together, you cud just troll the other guy :/
exactly, it wud be funneh
quite annoying actually.
I watched the shit out of that episode!
metalrainbowdashchan: wazuuuuuuuup, lol
MahBoi777
bed time now
later
Gnight~ TopHat
bye TopHat
Yo Dukay! pick up the phone!
XD
TheGreatAndPowerfulT http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvdf5n-zI14
oh wait sorry
ahhh portal :)
forgot no youtube links
goodtimes good times :D
indeed!
mmmm yes
ok... im back
ohai
sup
oka i'm shutting up about it, i'll just wait ._.
?
??
poor eqd
probably been nothing but 'theres been a leak' for the entire day
wait... what leak?
itunes posted the episode early
pm me if you want the link
oh... lol
ugh, freaking haxors
still no 'the last roundup
HAAAAAAAAX
the mail box of eqd must be crying right now
probably
00,10I wonder what that button does
XDD
/me lays down on the couch and relaxes
MahBoi777
00,10surly we dont need it
metalrainbowdashchan
0,14We do need it
"Thanks for the heads up! Sadly we can't post this! It's obviously a leak and we don't want to anger Hasbro." was the response i got from eqd when i emailed it, they responded VERY fast. not sure who asked them to not post it
0,14and don't call me Shirley
wat r you two doin? lol
Why Why, did i have to find out about it while i was reading, now i don't want to keep up
SaxyPretender is Shirley, its canon
00,10Phase4 they probably been geting emails all day
probably
00,10that leaked up has been up sence noon my time
not sure what your time is
what u talkin bout Ganon?
eeyup
00,10it's 10pm now
it's 1 am here
12:05 am here :p
huh? oh nuthin
.......k
i sent that email 6 hours ago so yeah
would have been either during peak or while it was picking up
wait, 4 hours. 17-13 is 4
*derp*
fancy math!
it burns!
0,14quick question to anyone who's played Assassin's Creed, how often does Venice Rooftops show up in the game?
LOL
i dont remember... i havent played AC in ages
i wonder if there going to take the episode off itunes or leave it up for sale
what;s this about taking episodes off itunes?
10,02Ohai :3
0,14dat SuperBrony64
hai
ohai.
hai
hello
ohay
hai SuperBrony64
10,02i liek poniez :3
0,14I liek fitan gaems
10,02:>
0,14...also, poni
10,02:D
I liek pudding cups.
I like cereal
i liek pokemans
10,02u is all silly :3
I like trainz
i hate lieks...
0,14inb4 I liek trains...
/me train hits bronystate
I liek lieking
i like mudkips
/me hits Ganon181
/me glomps Train
10,02Mud
Kip
and suddenly, a train, LOL
10,02:>
/nick is a usefull tool for silly hyjinx
/me pokes Ganon181 with a stick
the ending!
yep a train out of nowhere
00,10oh my gog
~.~
quit that!
what
br chubby beal?
beak'
mr'
it's alive!:O
oh the bird!
the bird was behind the hole thing?
00,10yep
11,01Birds are evil.
nopony expects the bird
ti's the bird, run?
where's SHALE!
0,14I liek Ezios
lol
Shale will kill it!
10,02i liek poniez :3
the birds are singing! isn't it beautiful?
nope
haha
dat glass breaking
I surely hope we didn't just ruin the portal 2 co-op ending..
A'wwwww
00,10one of them
....
babies!
11,01Nah. There's the normal ending.
test looks like toast on my screen
0,14My little killers
but they were so CUTE
/me depressed
/me is also depressed...
My Little Killers: Science is Magic
Placebo: why depressed?
and that's how gilda was made.. wait what ?
depressed?
?
/me hasn't gotten to the co-op part of portal 2 yet
quick man! cover your eyes!
00,10ok Shizuka will be taking over with SB here in a moment
eh, spoilers.
13gonna blow your minds~
0,14me 2
oh... is Shizuka gonna play more FS2?
11,01OK.
TF2 match the mods vs the viewers !
kay-o
Play it Shizuka!
11,01Hope you enjoyed our pain.
13not fs2 tonight
i enjoy everyones pain...
my mind can't explode twice
and thanks for streaming Nittany_Discord your pain was MAGNIFICENT and tasty
13i have been wanting to play mein mixes for you all, but i only have one game to do that with..
is it ok to post a youtube link with music in it?
11,01No problem.
oh guys get this
?
http://youtu.be/0PLs7QuwzRc is epic
what
13but first i will limber everypony up with some non-portal.. und then portal as i try to break everything
MictheMicrophone just got over 800 in donations to go to Bronycon
wow
oh man... not more portal v.v
yh
he's atm overwrought with emotion
das goood
and is trying to thank the livestream audience
he didn't say anything for 20 minutes
huzzah!
lol
13*pff pff* is this thing on?
10,02We are live!
Live you are?
ohai SuperBrony64 , you streaming?
13hallo bronystate!
wudis
Still Alive
10,02Streaming a stream.
ohai Shizuka :P
what is this
what is this?
10,02Shizuka is the silly filly of the hour.
i see cool
I love dat song
13welcome to Plasma Pong!
lolwut
yay Shizuka!
that looks awesome
yay SuperBrony64!
plasma pong you say?
MahBoi777: ikr?
aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! MY EYS!
10,02\:3/
13no audio?
nope
sad face
13k, going to check something
O_o whoa hohoho
is this another livestream stream? i embed them in my page myself cause mips makes babies cry. can i get the link?
what ever you do... DON'T CROSS THE STREAMS
XD
13oh i probably have procaster pulling from line 1 still
dat procaster
FUCK THIS, I'm watching the episode BEFORE Saturday
Simon2: NO, BE STRONG
with a time machine?
don't do it man!
WHAT WOULD PINKIE PIE SAY
will power
really... are people that weak they cant wait a couple days...
Simon2 you must resist !
Will I break my pinkie promise if I have none?
resist man, it's 2 more days
there's a leak?
Simon2: pinkie promise now
13audio?
Dken2021: itunes uploaded it early
nope
you watch it Simon2 and i will find you... oh yes... im good at finding people...
i hear sound
did not promise it :3
yeah
ay yeah
Dken2021: iTunes bucked up and posted it early, it's up on YT already
13so, this is Plasma Pong
sound is go!
lol Midnight_Tempest
or Pinkie, lol
13you will see why starting....
0,14it's pruty
13GO
0,14*purty
wha?
oh God, not Pinkie
party?
epic music
mind = BLOWN!!
oh yeah, plasma pong
this is like jedi pong
0,14oh man
I bet the people on youtube feel ashamed for watching it early then
dude.....
0,14this is trippy
EPIC PING PONG TIEM
i have this game, i love it so much
10,02We realize there has been a leak of the latest unaired episode of My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic, please note that spoilers of any unaired episodes is still a instant ban. Thank you, that is all.
i must be strong and resist, it's like when i find my nintendo 64 6 days before my birthday, must resist
My internet derped ;.;
that should be a permaban SB
6_9
and then the most EPIC pong EVER!
tempest: agreed
I wonder if saturday will be less chaotic since it's out already?
hey... i know this music...
Dken2021: I doubt it
oh awesome, you can leverage the currents in the background
00,10epic music
10,02^
this is a remix of stuff done by Two Steps from Hell
indeed
Imma chargin mah ping!
imma chargin mah pong
This is intense
Shizuka's got the pattern prety much figured
this really looks like alot of fun to play
lol, yall crazy
00,10man just think if you showed this to the guys at atari back in the 70's, they would shit bricks
imagine if you showed them portal
then time would implode
and puke rainbows
:D
sumica: haha why isnt it made of sqaures?!! 6_9
this on steam? looks awesome
and episode 3 would be realesed tomorrow
00,10eithere Shizuka is bad ass at this game or sucks out loud, not sure what side she is
oh gawd
I can't resist
she's on left
the music and the game go together so well
the suspense is killing me
10,02I'm assuming she is on the left.
00,10this is pong if a couple jedi played it
10,02If this was me playing, you'd all assume it was me on the right ;A;
epic music is epic
^
no way SuperBrony64... you'd be the ball :D
10,02O U
seeing as the AI doesn't power up
10,02U SO SILLY
/me slaps Simon2 You must Resist
SuperBall64
resistance is futile
00,10suddnly ticker
goddamn iTunes
hax
10,02:>
13gah
10,02Nooooo
13so... i'll have you know it usually doesn't take that long X3
ahhh too bad
/me reckons half thte time the ball is atomized
ha! i remember the name of this song! Blade Fighter!
10,02Shizuka!
00,10game over yeahhhhhhh
10,02Who were you in the game?
10,02:>
13framerate's in the upper 60s usually
13i was left obv :P
10,02:P
13give me a sec to warm my hands back up X3
10,02What game is this?
13Plasma Pong
plasma pong
00,10back in the day the ball used to actaly touch the paddles
the most EPIC ping pong
finger strength
Shizuka... is this the game music or yours playing?
where can you download it, it isnt on the website anym ore
13game music
0,14music's badass
mine isnt working anymore and it makes me sad
yes
i see... so the song while you were playing was part of the game... :D Two Steps from Hell ftw
Pong meets Tron.
00,10kind of reminds me of beat hazzard's engien
mixed with badass music
guys
?
I have to go
sorry
10,02Nooooooo
Dem little paddles are kamehameha'ing that ball.
help me, I haven't watched the episode but I can't resist!
10,02Don't leave us ;A;
oh, we
0,14later otakon
friggin mom is being bitchy
00,10have fun storming the castle
bye otakon
10,02Bai otakon!
otakon: Bye
night all
*slaps simon*
oh, we'll see you later thn otakon
see ya otakon
indeed
Shizuka: night dear, sorry I can't watch your stream
10,02Everypony knows 80% of the fun of a new episode comes from watching it with a group of poniez.
yup
^
00,10indeed
tru
0,14eeeyup
lol
mmhmm
i agree even though this will be my first time doing it
like I said earlier, I bet the people on youtube feel ashamed for watching it early
metalrainbowdashchan
so you better not ruin it
00,10it's like going to see a movie with a bunch of friends
confound iTunes, it makes me unable to resist watching it
10,02Everything is better when you have a bunch of ponies watching at the same time.
^
0,14..everything?
T_T i have no one to watch it with...
00,10yes even sex
yep Everything
giggity
0,14...Sumica read my mind
01,04Everything O___O
giggity
sumica: you said what i couldnt
00,10easy task saxy =p
i cant let you do that SB
0,14XD
10,02^__^
ninja ftw
suddenly red text
this ^
00,108,7 suddnly you way
rage color
ow
10,02O____o
pretty colors
needs moar dakka
indeed
00,10arm the pongs!
lolwut
lets see how high pitched this song can get
MahBoi777: I'm waking you up at 3 for the hearts and hooves marathon.
must keep on reading, T_T i want to see the new ep but i know i would feel bad after watching it T_T
And we're going to watch it O_O
0,14this is the trippiest game evr
O_o
10,02This game looks like it can only be played on the Atari Jaguar
lol
00,10only one game was on the Jag
00,10wing commander
you cant play games on a car SB
dat speed up
one game?
10,02O U
10,02U SO SILLY
:$
lightning round
lawl
ok... so I think I finally know what acid is like... THIS STREAM!
0,14^
definitely
/me can see forever, man.
i love it...
00,10my little bad trip, my little bad trip
:D
it's so beautiful...:'(
look at the pretty, colors man
i was thinking more about shrooms or something
This is Rainbowdash's version of pong..
double rainboooowww
0,14more like infinite rainbows
RD is the ball... hence the colors when she EXPLODES!
what does it meeeeeeeean?
10,02Lol wut? This game is the same as pong but with a slight upgrade, who made this game, Activision?!
^ lol'd
the internet
/me thwaps SuperBrony64 with his jet.
they wish they could make a game this artsy
00,10hey dont bash activision, i used to work for them
LOL
it's sad
10,02i liek pizza too :3
i like activision, they made some pretty good games
13whew...
Call of Pong: Modern ballfare?
good work Shizu
13new all time record!
I butchered that.
54x54 in. pizza is best pizza
00,10pitfall 3d was epic
13beat even my high score from high school
nice
MahBoi777: Eeyup
13i think that's enough of that... mein hands are shaking und my laptop crashed halfway through
00,10poor Shizuka
13not easy to keep control of the ball when trying to log in und set laptop up one handed
so thats why your paddle froze
MahBoi777: thas one big ass pizza
13jaja
tooooooo many ions!
10,02I know that coldness feeling Shizuka :/
13all the blood has gone from mein hands
13they're like NOPE WORKING TO HARD RUN AWAY
0,14;n;
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olLDrvc1qt4&feature=related
00,10it's like a lava lamp
13waiting for stream control to come back up
lava lamps are awesome...
13pretty colors though ja? X3
10,02You need to take your hands and place them under the laptop for a good 15 min while having it try to run Crysis.
13und that music at the end... never heard it that chipmunky
0,14noooooooo, it stopped snowing outside ;n;
10,02NOOOOOOOOOOO
10,02I love snow ;A;
00,10val nooooooooooooooooooooo
0,14so do I
lol I can run Crysis with no problems... its my beetch
0,14and it hasn't snowed all winterup here
13you can see how fast the flow is
THE single greatest Fanfic summary EVAR
Sundude and Moonbro are the most close of all brothers, but their life has some wicked sick surprises in store for them. Luckily, they are chill dudes and know how to handle the situation when things get sketch.
wish we had snowfall this year
13okay, give me a couple minutes to set up
0,14and it was flurry-ing today
00,10Love games with partical effects like this
0,14and now...
0,14no snow ;n;
00,10furrying?
0,14I must...
0,14SNOW DANCE
Placebo: Like totally man, wicked awesome writing there broham
0,14not furrying XD
10,02PLEASE STAND BY AND REMAIN CALM, THE STREAM WILL GO BACK UP MOMENTARILY
/me trips SaxyPretender
/me flips out
PANIC
EVERYONE PANIC!
00,10The horror, the horror!
panic you say?
/me throws a table
NO STREAM!
/me gets his riot gear.
/me runs aronud like his hair is on fire!
/me falls into a pit
0,14What's all this then
/me pounces SaxyPretender
gahhhhh! gahhhh!
13so
10,02That was a brief intermission :3
dat Portal
13you will be treated to me not failing at portal
13und mein mix of music <#
Portal night.
13let's goooooo
00,10just cant resist can you sb
Gonna make me want to play portal 2..
is best night
AHH!! AHH!! oh? *calms down*
10,02:>
00,10dat portal uno
13should i caption on?
Placebo: go play portal 2 then...
10,02This game reminds me of Portal 2
no wai.
O U
you don't say?
glorious portals
0,14ah, it's this game that I own, but am unable to play
hahaha sarcasm
SuperBrony64: why is your steam status not in-game?
0,14because this netbook
i want that alarmclock
00,10needs more androide hell remix
10,02Simon2: Because I'm magic O___O
pirate? O__o
10,02Also, I'm not playing
wut
suddenly, musics
need a Pinkie alarm that goes WOO WOO WOO xD
10,02This is Shizuka still...
oh
sorry
I regonized the wrong one
LOL
*facehoof*
/me explodes
apreture science!
dis music
dat portal
Silly fillies, SB can't work portals.
/me bobs head
10,02Shizuka = Chell
nittany did you play the void :3
00,10nice music Shizuka
/me is now playing with his cat and thinking of screwed up balls of paper
hi superbrony
10,02Ohai BewareOfBunny :3
00,10reminds me of what i had on a bit ago
:3
/me starts bouncing around like he's in a rave
Shizuka: can I add you on steam as friend?
0,14Shizuka plays Portal while using playing fitting music?
00,10or is this music SB?
11,01No. Didn't play The Void. Played Portal 2 with Simon2.
No telling.
gotta have music
indeed
10,02This is music playing on Shizuka's end.
13hehehehe breaking her dialogue triggers
so is this live gameplay or pre recorded
10,02Live
13liiiiiive from shizuka's house!
00,10lice
00,10er live
10,02O U
cool
10,02U SO SILLY
OH GOD
[not really related] I'm also Simon2
LOL
0,14Lice? GET THE SHAMPOO
dat spaz
IT WEDNSDAY NIGHT! or morning...
64, so why do you have to stream Shizuka's stream? =s
00,10fine toothed comb
shiz do you have the game [The Void[
Simon is Sbest Simon
lol
do you have it :3
lolwut
she ninja'd that one
dat ninja pony
Shizuka: I can haz add you as friend?
look up
ttheres a present
00,10Because hops are not streamers but still would like to stream
if you look up there will be a present
13YES
Oooh. Got 'cha
11,01Yeah.
:D
11,01Part of the reason I joined BronyState was to stream for you all.
look up to receive your present
11,01I'll be doing more request nights.
10,02Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like Shizuka?
13i've already done all the radios :P
00,10good job breaking it hereo
nitt did you ever get round to playing the void
That wasn't english, was it
11,01And in the future, I'll be streaming PS3 games once I get a capture card.
that was SB... newest language of the internet
oh, Simon, how are you enjoying Saints Row The Third?
10,02You’ve got to be kidding me. I’ve been further even more decided to use even go need to do look more as anyone can. Can you really be far even as decided half as much to use go wish for that? My guess is that when one really been far even as decided once to use even go want, it is then that he has really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like. It’s
10,2just common sense!
11,01I've heard SR3 was lazily developed.
00,10I reconize those words, just never seen them used in that order
Dat wall
Mah Boi, it was a really cool & great game
11,01I have to agree, but SR3 was still fun.
quick save the qube
Simon, what's your steam name? I'll add you.
especially often I hear the motherfucking dubstep
simonli2575
episode 17 leak is here, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lc9JyGK0qCI
DO NOT
00,10woh
do not want.
10,02Well well well
00,10that could have taken your head off
^ is it legit?
DeadpoolDash: getting a ban
11,01I fucking hate those people.
^
00,10shame DeadpoolDash you seems ok
what do wrong?
I hope I don't get kicked
Lol nice
DO NOT POST spoilers
aww
we're not going to look at that leak
11,01Spoilers = ban.
00,10Never post spoilers
11,01Simple.
=s
Ganon181: u won't if u follow da rules
Shizuka: tried that method before xd
What is this epic music I am listening to?
13BROKEN
lol
Placebo: the invitation?
11,01Did she skip lines Shizuka?
0,14yep
13i broke the chamber :P
10,02I'm letting it slide as it didn't have a direct spoiler.
10,02But posting links to unaired episodes is a big no-no.
mercy
now break MOAR
spoilers... THE CAKE IS A LIE!
don't do it next time, kid
10,02If this was BMN, it would most likely have been a ban.
^
You mean... There is no cake?
Spoilers The cake infact was a truth in the end
needs MOAR RAVE!
The cake is real, you just have to get past....THE RING OF FIRE
13so i am half speedrunning, half trying to break every chamber that can be broken
13but also not going to skip puzzles like some runs
break the game :D
Braeak ALL the chambers.
by breaking your computer
RAGE
>:D
dat smileys...
blow up ALL THE PLANETS!
i cant do my evil faec
Break the game: say melons.
go angry german kid on that keyboard XD
alright
it's an evil face on my end if that helps
say melons
MERONS!
lol dat german kid
hey has anyone heard of candlejack he sounds idioti..........
oh well, he was such a good kid
never heard of him
I don't even.
nnnope
13broken!
hax!
HAAAAX
13and she doesn't notice
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAX
The HAAAAAAAAX
wait, you're doing it wrong, you don't add elipses, candlejack would let you finis
well i clearly did it so candlejack did not kidnap m........
11,01Heck. It's looking like I might be close to finishing the largest chapter of my master's thesis.
momentum
it's PHYSICS!
SCIENCE
perhaps the magic of friendship can help you
what if physics no longer works in the future?!?!?!
13came so close there
Twilight sparkle does science
13moment
so therefore FRIENDSHIP IS SCIENCE
6_9
11,0138 pages of words and figures.
reload state?
tl;dr
yup
11,01Yup.
38 pages? As in, whole pages? @.@
11,01Yep.
11,01And that's just one chapter.
yuppity
i beat portal in 5 mins
liez
yay noclip :PD
:3
that's nice dear
lame
U LIE
noclip ftw
hax
11,01Chapter 2 is only 7 pages.
Indeed
11,01I don't think Chapters 1 and 4 will be more than 3 pages.
heading slowly to the hole
13broken~
cheating is lame, play the game normally or dont play at all
shiz
13probably could have jumped to the platform
0,14P-p-p-portal breaker?
11,01So, a 48-page thesis minus abstract and junk.
Midnight_Tempest: I'd normally agree with you, but it's portal.. After a playthrough or two, it looses its charm
if she says you did EX
it's late, later guys
then you dident break it :3
bye Ganon181
night Ganon181
13silly filly
Night gandalf
i mean ganon
13breaking means she acknowledges it
Gnight~ Ganon181
she dident acknowledge when you portaled through the locked button door
i liek portals
fling into space? SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACEEEEEEEEEEE
0,14weeeeeeeeeeeee
how far have you gotten in Portal 2 Placebo?
weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
13she did
~6 hours
hmmm
oh
including afk time
10,02Going to make it clear right now. Posting a link to the unaired episode will result in an instant ban.
carry on then :3
i have beaten portal 2 and portal 2 co-op with myh sis
including the DLC
superbrony
do you have The Void :3?
that is all, lol
I'd have more time invested if it weren't for bronystate ;.;
/me is not playing Saints Row the third
the daily show is on!!! YES!!
Placebo: u say dat like it's a bad thing
10,02I don't have The Void :/
nittany does :3
I don't have The Game.
I nearly got lynched in Werewolf for that Placebo
I don't get it.
zoomin through the room like a baws!
mfw it took me 20 minutes to figure out this room
I don't usually like puzzle games, but Portal was an evxception
i did it the hard way
*exception
i carried the pellet around using portals
to the power thing ;|
i hated this testchamber
I remember this XD
MahBoi777: It's not as bad as The Impossible Game, right? ::Trollface::
this part bugged me so much
I hate that game:|
with a passion
Lol
13DED
i hated it so much i loved it
10,02lol ded?
DED
like a baws
DED
TRAPED?
dat radio
like a baws
:D
10,02I couldn't believe how incredibly short this game was
^
yknow what? an evil robot is trying to kill me, but I'm taking this radio!
Still took me two hours first playthrough. Lol
flipping back and forth
it was ANNOYING AS HELL
MahBoi777: I see what you did there.
10,02The Orange Box was still one of the best gaming deals of all time.
0,14^
^^
tru
dat orange box
that one required two arrows
Uh, no.
wasn't TF2 broken on the orange box?
13sorry bout that
/me has a new router :3
my orange box wasnt even oranged !
10,02Portal 2 on the PS3 was pretty close to that for me
I'm the best deal there is.
0,14one which I could never take advantage of
suddenly portal
I got Skyrim, BF3, and Crysis 2 for 60 bucks. That was pretty nifty.
hey Phase4
ohai MahBoi777
owowowowow
10,02Placebo: How?
hi ho Phase4
not the portals!
SuperBrony64: You have to know how to work gamestop. I rob them bitches.
Placebo cheated the,
10,02Oh lulz
man
perfect
Dken2021: fiddly dee
O_O
Ip track teim :D
10,02You just probably did their buy 2 get 1 free used game sale
jks
they didn't give the right price, LOL
0,14i liek android hell
i love it when they screw up
13half way done already :P
SuperBrony64: And got two 55 dollars games, and a 30 dollar game? logic.
here on level one of robot heeeelll
Companion cube <3
10,02I've abused GameStop and their sales at times too :3
You monster.
burn it!
dat cube
shi save the cube if u can
it will never stab you? what fun is that..
it's s cute /)*3*(\
That Cube Is A Spah
00,10I may have the longist time not killing the cube
/me never understood the fuss of the companion cube
SuperBrony64: aren't you a bargain hunter.
bouncy bouncy
10,02But at the same time they were also having a deal where you get a free wired guitar controller (1st party one) with the purchase of a Guitar Hero game
its a cube of awesomeness saxy
we love it due to our mental illness
00,10went out to a birthday party during this level, did't get home till the next day
10,02So I got the guitar controller and the game for $10 :P
Like a baws.
10,02I should have done it again for the last wired guitar controller they had
The companion cube shud speak
i always die there
is there anyone who can help me think of a cutie mark for my OC?
10,02You going to do the glitch?
a pink heart
an acorn :3
10,02Or the achievement?
00,10My advice is to go find a rawshoc test
a pink acorn?
the companion acorn
yea thats good
a pony
LOL
a filly
pink acorn is what im gonna go with
okey dokey
loki
TY :D
:3
indeed
10,02Yay D
10,02:D
10,02YOU DID IT :D
13BURN ME
NOO
10,02:P
You SAVED IT
0,14Toasty!
wait
WOOHOO! u gonna burnz it
you broke it XD
i missed the breakage
now cube press that
10,02NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
:D
13^-^
0,14yaaaaaaaaaaaay
YES
so much for cubie
NOOOOOO
NOOO
10,02You killed her ;A;
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
13i know .-.
00,10you monster
YES!
wow you did it faster than me and everyone i know
YOU COULD OF NOCLIPED
>:(|
00,10why would you do that to your companion scootaloo
:[ FLUTTERAGE
hahahaha fire fire burn burn
http://nooooooooooooooo.com/
this a speedrun or something
LOL
^haha
c-c-Companion cube?? ;.;
Dubstep in Saints Row... THIS IS SO AWESOME
it's certainly speedy
ikr?
00,10speedycake
companion rhubarb
i realy liked the advance version of this one
nice chalenge
stoopid turrets
in china they eat ponys D:
did anyone else get the xbla version of this?
me
wait!!! WAR with China
the extra levels are worth it imho
BAN CHINA
dont worry they ban themselves
also the orange box and the steam version :p
took me forever to figure out dat room, and this person does it like nuthin
/me 13has portal 1 memorized
lol,
took me 2 seconds to get it, couple of minutes to do it
laptop mice are not teh best for that room
the'
0,14okay, I'm passing out here
00,10night saxy
I meant like the room with the turrets and the one cube
0,14night everyone
night SaxyPretender
0,14enjoy the stream!
10,02Night SaxyPretender!
gnight SaxyPretender
/me glomps SaxyPretender
/me is glomped
MahBoi777: ah, cant remember how long that took me, was to busy having fun
00,10bitch please i can eat cake onehanded
lol
Gnight~ SaxyPretender
No 	Out of the Blue cheevo for shizu
there are people who dont eat cake one handed?
egad a wall!
inb4 one of the best lines
evar
00,10zomgfire
Phase4: those people are mainstream
Mah boi?
10,02ded
10,02DED
this is the pit!
no u
victory candecence
10,02:>
00,10your victory incandecandence
this bit was awesome
revenge for the companion cube
LOL
playing it through first time. it was great
i never knew you could break that tube to get into the vent
i would always stack chairs
kept getting stuck here cause i didnt relise i could fire through greats
weeeeeeeeeeee
I'm hungry.
Taco time?
lol
TACO TIEM
00,10I was realy impressed with how they did the lifts in portal 2
it took me a while to figure this one out
it seemed silly
^
I r dumb, lol
yup
i prefer emancipation grids over grills
-__-
i question the puzle, it wasnt clear you'd fit under there and the portals add a little momentum when you jump
ohai. :3
10,02Best line right here
it's weird that I like this game, but I have yet to play it
Can't hear it..
10,02That was great ^_^
Dken2021: PLAY
NOW
RIGHT NOW
and you were like NO WAY
I forgot what she said
10,02Skip it and play Portal 2
NO
00,10oh right i forgot they changed the ending to this game
PLAY 1
and play with me!
/me needs a friend
I think that one was about to say "I love you"
10,02Did they change the ending to this game?
SuperBrony64: yup
not much
10,02Why?
00,10yeah sb
more of an adition than a change
I love the end song
00,10ro ret con portal 2
slightly, to allow for a sequel
holy man boobs the stream is a tad laggy.
just a tad
hmmm, didn't know man boobs could be holy
stream is a little laggy
A bit of change, just a peench
i c wat u did thar
it it a slight laggish
well the holy roman empire is "holy" so i guess anything is possible
wow...i've been playing kingdoms of amalur for 5 hours straight...did not expect that
00,10I bet it's cause SB is playing around
holy bat nipples batman
i have some cheese with alot of holes in it
/me curls into a ball on the couch
Placebo with a teaspoon of neurotoxin
thats holy right?
i have my oc
00,10video froze
Add a little more, and you count to four!
Phase: i dont even know what that is
stream gone
Jinkies batman.
i gtg bed night.
and now you've got a KILLA
fillyfillyy: sleep tight.
and you never get your cake
10,02Night fillyfillyy!
night fillyfillyy, enjoy your OC
night fillyfillyy
10,02ouch
gnight fillyfillyy
TY
ow
streams up again
00,10nice catch
your face!
00,10dat song
Dat fps
13last level
or are we denser!! not dancer
this stack the stuff too, seems not very elegent
this song is good
aww, that means the game is almost over
dat frozen stream.
Sb must be downloading more Por, er ponies.
ohh well i'm off to sleep, i'm going to be a good brony and wait for the saturday, Gnight~
audio's skipping?
/me F5's
nuthin a little duct tape can't fix
night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
00,10geting alot of lag here, is it on the LS or mips doing it?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hv6RbEOlqRo
Isn't this livestream?
Placebo: you got that backwards, porn is the excuse you use when downloading ponies
haha
gnight TheGreatAndPowerfulT
night theg.. oh, gone
YOu monster!
10,02Lag is a bit on my end, was doing some stuff in the background
what if it is pony porn
there is rule 34 you know
O_O
...
Do not want.
we dont talk about that here
^
i hope not
or anywhere for that matter
Did you breaked the game yet?
10,02Oh look who it is.
Nope c:
10,02Also, we don't talk about Rule 34 in here.
ohai DoctorTimeyWimey
Rule 34?
really want to aknowledge that r34 has an exception to ponies
oh good
10,02Ohai DoctorTimeyWimey :3
SuperBrony64: way to start more conversation about it. =s
i have been worrying for the last 2 weeks
ohai DoctorTimeyWimey
dont google it
dont
since i started watching ponies
SuperBrony64: Want to do my homework? c:
trust me
10,02I've got homework myself to do D:
Confound these bronies?
Hello Placebo and Phase4 and everyone else c: lol
00,10Phase4 that's like a big red button that says dont push
But it's just a page ):
13her chamber looks different
pretty sure her homework won't take that long for you to do
lol
Sumica: It's so tempting..
dat glitch
aeiou
Sumica: well its that or it gets googled anyway
hi DoctorTimeyWimey
Hello MahBoi777
ohai DoctorTimeyWimey
00,10looks the same to me Shizuka
Hmm... I think I might download Portal. But Steam has been a major dick to me since I downloaded Limbo...
Hello Dken2021 lol
she has a heart? who knew
13owned <3
10,02lol dat shortcut
I haven't played this since the orange box years ago.. What's different about the ending?
13first time i've pulled that one off actually
13you'll see
lololololoLOOOOOOL
my stream is still broken btw
refresh
best bet
^
orange box version was the short ending right?
thnx
00,10broken tells us little what's it doing or not doing
Firing main cannon.
back and it worked
10,02What is that? WHAT IS THAT?
LOL, that's just like the space core
Nerotoxin
/me has just cut himself again. ive lost count of how many times ive done that now.
(:
00,10Hey SB did you see space core is now in Skyrim?
ah curiosity core, wonder if your best friend is a cat?
10,02yeah :D
10,02Didn't know it was an official Valve mod though :O
with needle injectors?
10,02Now I just need to get the game on my PC ;A;
into the fire
Cake recipe!
Awww...
Nice catch.
00,10dat rage
U mad bro?
lol, dat thing is vicious
why is there music playing for me..
ahh, rage core, so ragy
dat dat
13complete
It has no teef, and I'm afraid it'll bite me
we're going to spaaaaaaaaaaaaaace
...
weeeeeee
Is there music playing for anyone else?
There is an obvious pony reference at the end of Portal 2, just sayin'.
13hhopy!
yes dashie
13so...
00,10now speed run prortal 2
inb4 freeedom
13under an hour
alternate ending
freeeeed-NO
10,02Congratulations Shizuka!
begin
did you know, 20% of bronies can find anything pony related in every sentece?
Please don't ~.~
10,02So, what's different about it?
The original ending is replaced
13and that was with taking lots of time to break stuff
end
?
00,10the robot at the end
i c wut u did thar
Dken2021: lol
there was no robot draging you
10,02Really?
00,10yep
10,02Crazy
00,10balls as far as the eye can see
I knew there was cake!
that scene happened, just without the drag
I knew cube-y lived!
<3
13so...
13freespace next?
yes!
10,02Sure :3
freespace?
inb4 This was a triumph...
lol
gud song
00,10wth no credits?
Y u no play song?!
awwww boooo
NO CREDITS FOR YOU
13cause everypony knows still alive .-.
10,02There's a song after the end of the game?
00,10Shizuka you disapoint me
lol SB
10,02I usually just skip the credits of a game
I have the biggest sad right now. :'(
/me hugs Scarlet_Ribbon
SB, you have to trolling.
the song is worth everything
I was expecting the cake is a lie.
but noooo
suck it up... LETS HAVE FREESPACE!
10,02Dat Interplay
i love this intro
Interplay is so old...
13i should set up dethkarz...
13if i could find the disc...
00,10lol volition
ah GTA 4
13and if it's still in one piece
interplay made the original Fallouts, remember that!
i have never heard of them game
should i be watching
10,02I think I still have all the floppies for Sim City 2000...
13should i play the whole intro this time?
will i be blown off my seat
13the guy's monologue is kinda eh
yes Shizuka
13kk, getting a drink then X3
10,02O U
/me expecting epic battle
10,02U SO SILLY
00,10I had Simcity 2k on the snes
/me glomps DoctorTimeyWimey
this is new i think...
Check out those sick graphics.
at least i dont remember it
00,10stay on target
hey... this was 1999 graphics... this was awesome back then
I had it in DOS
I don't think they have enough ships
dat orbital cannon.
10,02Ewww...this game has Xbox 360 graphics.
No
SuperBrony64: I took your old iphone btw
the Lucifer was the original orbital cannon
ouch, dat hurt
Y U DISSIN' 360, BRO?
SB I WLL END YOU.
00,10the ships look like xbox 360's
10,02That was my phone though :O
Deal with it.
^ like a baws.
My phones are bugging me ):
00,10alls square and porly made
​ ​ ​ ​ ​ i have to go, later
Wazaaaaaaaap
/me hugs Dashie_Dashie and Scarlet_Ribbon
10,02Hai :3
What is this marvelous N64 game?
inb4 dat 64 ping
10,02dat 64 ping
ping
Derp
DAT PING.
Y
so
00,10now lets ping 63
13making some hot chocolate anypony want some?
Ping dat
serious?
63: wub wub
ME!
10,02dat '63' ping
Sure
PUT
Whipped
Dat voice.
CREAN
i want some hot chocolate T___T
YOU DON'T SAY.
whipped cream pourin like waterfalls
I want mufins in my hot chocolate.
Shizuka: two marshmellows, please. :3
Gimme pizzaaaaaaa.
Damn I need to do English :c
I prefer a pumpkin spice coffee with whipped cream and caramel.
but that's just me
00,10oh ffs ToR down time again.
DoctorTimeyWimey: Go do homework, silly filly.
Caramel Coconut Creme
Nope.
dat ding
This game makes me want to touch everything.
Derp
dingdingdingdingdingdingding
13ah just in time X3
so many dings
don't touch
Lol, you hear that too?
Morse code?
"Super brony... is a ... silly fillly"
Me no in stream :(
Someone broke Windows.
13are you ponies pinging sb over my stream :<
ding ding ding ding ding ding "Trolololol"
10,02>_<
that's my banana phone going off, one sec
13hey look, colossus
That looks like a dick...
o u
/me crashes
Colossus is aaaawwwweeeesssooommmmeee
I want to see that ship spontaneously combust.
13not nearly as awesome as a Sathanas class though
like now.
I wonder why they call it Colossus
it'd be hilarious.
13can colossus blow up a star I DIDN'T THINK SO
10,02day 'ship' ping
Ring ring ring ring ring. BANANA PHONE!
true, Sathanas are just so sexy
10,02dat*
I like trains
You get pingged for Ships?
O u.
so what is this?
Noooooooooooooooo
flight sim?
RTS?
wat.
just watch
I wish everything loaded that fast...
hi RainbowCrash
/me continues to watch.
İį
ooohhh the TAG-A mission
13oh, sorry placebo we ran out of rarities :<
Jiiiiim
/me 13hands out mugs of hot chocolate
pingpingpingpingping
Shizuka: haha!
Morning everyone
10,02Ohai Jim :3
stop pinging gaiz
mornin Jim
10,02Be silly :3
BOOKS
Quick, say melons.
mhm...
Watermelon.
melons
flight sim
oh that Ulysess
weapons are at maximum!
Never say 'melon' in Facade.
coconut?
Trip doesn't like melons.
Melon in Facade
Lol, Jim. :P
/me sips hot chocolate
space cloud
this game looks a little like Freelancer
Jim: oh u
beamz
Are we traveling through the astral?
laser light show! aw yeah
I don't have enough reading material! And yet, I have too much! THIS MAKES NO SENSE!
Well, this seems a bit more advanced than my cessna..
man i love this version of FS2... the SCP makes it look so sexy
So, the school threathened to take my internet access away if I didn't stop going to streams o_O
srsly?
LOL
LOl
HALP
REZ PLZ
dat's dedication holmes
Fox! Get this guy off me!
/me uses phoenix down on Scarlet_Ribbon
Slippy's in troublez!
Jim: you gotta ask yourself... is school important, or are streams...
Or do what I do. Buy your internet, stream ALL the streams!
Ponies = Bacon > School
Well, when I have no classes for 5 hours, the streams kind of help the boredom
Pony bacon? T_T
NO
Ponies are equal to the awesomeness of bacon.
Jim: it is a great time killer
what kind of networks do they have if streams are breaking their nets?
i honestly dont feel sorry for people that fail school because they are addicted to streams and the internet... its their own damn fault
Walmart.
Obviously dial-up...
bag and tag
Toot and boot.
I'm comfused. Are we moving? Or are the clouds moving towards us?
makin bacon
yes
its a nebula Placebo
Hit and quit.
same difference.
there is no yes or no, there simply is or there isn't
I don't have any Situational awareness, here. ;.;
/me sighs and rubs his temple. >_<
Rob 64. Going down.
I used to have the clouds move toward me. But then I took an arrow to the knee.
R.O.B quick press B
does anyone know if bronystate will do all of the We ❤ Ponies Mare-A-Thon?? or just the ep???
We are.
Well, it's broadband, but when everyone is streaming they had to say that they'll take the internet away
yus
13uh oh
?
13crap... crash
No! D:
wow
please stand by
13moment~
This was a triumph...
I'm making a not here
you lost the Lucidity... how could you Shizuka!
*note
woot thanks :)
Huge success.
13i know...
13think i'm just going to invuln her...
no
It's hard to overstate my satisfaction
no cheats
13MAI STREEM
Aperture Science
get your wingmen to cover her!
Do waht you want cause a streamer is free
You are a streamer.
NO HAXING!
13wingMAN
we do waht we must because we can
oh... right... wingMAN... that doesnt help much
My little Portal
What about wingwomen?
sv_cheats 0
Quick, do a barrell roll!
I used to wonder what testing could be
if anyone other than shizuka knows the cheat to this game, props to you
Until you came and shared it's science with me
Until I took neurotoxin to the face
>_<
My Little Portal: Friednship is a deadly neurotoxin
...
really... are people honestly doing this...
I want a portal gun, a pony, a magical ocarina, and a Arwing IRL.
an arwing*
i want to rule the world... but im never gonna get that either
well there's no use crying over every mistake, you just keep on trying till you run out of cake
my little llamas : friendship is two friends munching on a well cooked face together
That was my first arrow to the knee joke...I'm NOT doing another one
My Little Facade: Melons Melons Melons Melons
Jim: because you took an arrow to the knee?
infinite space cloud
Quick, you gotta play the song of time!
I couldn't play this game.
Everyday I'm shufflin
What game is playing?
why not Placebo
MahBoi777: Eh no
Freespace2
Freespace 2
:P
ohai TOY_PON3
Brb
13gah... crash again?
Midnight_Tempest: Unless I'm missing something, this doesn't seem fun
13what is with this mission...
please stand by
Placebo: well thats a shame for you, the game is amazing...
13this mission suuuucks
There must be something else to it, then.
Mr. Crowley! What went wrong in your head?
This shooting part right here can't possibly be entertaining for hours.
stop complaining...
Oh, Mr. Crowley, did you talk with the dead?
I'm not complaining. I'm stating my opinion.
Offline
Online
wut
don't judge me
im done here... im going to bed... my headache is getting worse
I'm judging you so hard right now.
Midnight_Tempest: Sleep tight. Hope it goes away
later Midnight_Tempest
it never goes away >_<
Saints Row is fucking awesome :D
LOL
Suddenly, Simon.
saints row 3 sucks
Midnight_Tempest: I see what you did there
"stop complaing" =P
adorable derpy
Ingwaz: Derpy Owns XD
Placebo: that wasnt complaining... i was stating facts...
Midnight_Tempest: anti-face
*fact
she certainly showed discord who the boss was
Ingwaz: That's the cutest thing I've seen today.
w/e... im all out of love and tolerance today... leaving before i get kicked for being an asshole...
UGH It wouldn't let me type :c
i think he meant plothole
You broke it.
my bad
What is broken? lol
Not you =s
Yes, you.
Me?
considering space is a vacumn it's very noisy
me?
ME
Yes
No!
13GAAAH
X3
/me facehoof
13wtf...
yes?
O U
It's MahBoi777 fault.
6_9
^^
Dammit!
00,10That's cause there is no air to get in the way of all the sound
13okay so.... freespace is sucking tonight... i think i will skip that on my own...
/me just shuts up
lol, I just dunno what went wrong
MahBoi777: Don't break stuff okay? It's not nice.
I'm sorry
You two can't be in the room together.
it's all my fault
It's okay
It's like, Derpy.
With a wrecking ball
13hmmmm
^ deep thought
-with access to the Brainiacs' suppply store
Derpy doesn't need a wrecking ball
Iron plot.
lol
13enjoy a quick music while i figure this out..
inb4 free bird
or several tonnes of explosives flammable materials and an arsonist's chemistry set?
10,02SUDDENLY MUSIC
Nnope.
Now, music.
chuck testa
it's so calming
13unless...
/me Zzz
10,02Please hold on, we are now fixing the stream. Thank you for your continued patience, your viewership is important to us.
13anypony have the I Hate Mountains campaign for Left 4 Dead 1?
10,02Hmm...I could download that >.>
I forgot to renew my viewership card
10,02But then again I do have homework <.<
I could to.. But I'm going to be before long.
13jaja .-.
13would anypony else be up for l4d 1?
SuperBrony64: What's with your family and procrastinating homework..
10,02We hate doing homework O___O
13failing that i have a laid back game i could run through
The curse of the brony family..
I miss homework... I should go back to school.
homework.....feh
10,02I would love to play L4D, but I'm going to stick with doing homework ;A;
curse u homework
did stream die?
What's the Assignment?
10,02Stream is still up
Er, Plotgnment?
10,02Materials homework
Like.. building materials
Ah. So it's mytsery materials!
building materials you say?
6_9
ping o.o
YEA
O U
13welcome to iFluid!
lol
oooh go for the windows Xp song!
iFluid?
^
interesting
Get fluid from A to B?
10,02Super Mario Bros?
what's this?
10,02iFluid
Ipencil.
10,02O U
10,02U SO SILLY
Ipaperclip
10,02O U
10,02U SO SILLY
iRobot
/me is waiting for phone to appear on screen
10,02O U
10,02U SO SILLY
/me facehoof
Go do your homework.
apple
10,02:<
mircomachine racers?
Drake <3
Iprotractor.
homework bad
00,10strange looking katamari
04NS~
Iruler
/me hugs
/me just noticed the ball
Iball
Are you on the ball!?
10,02So, is this a mod for L4D?
get on the ball!
Silly Filly, this is MW3's minigame.
10,02O
13silly filly
10,02:3
13i am a drop of water
10,02i made a peanut butter and jelly sandvich
> taco
10,02Tacos? Eww...I'm vegetarian
o.o
jumping, it will be revolutionary
/me mind = blown
yes tacos are a healthy part of your balanced everything
/me hugs bac
k
10,02I kid :>
superbrony is a baby goat
It's canon.
can't resist the tacos
10,02I'm hungry...
What happened to sandvich?
10,02i eated it ;___;
...
Eat an apple.
the tacos beckon you SB
10,02lol, that's exactly what I'm eating actually Placebo :P
I know.
10,02O___o
inb4 O_-
Dammit.
10,02O_-
So slow.
apples, the best breakfast ever
Hello everyone
That was a typo >.>
hi Polydunami
10,02dat was a silly :3
hello Polydunami
10,02Ohai Polydunami :>
Today was hella busy
So.. what does this game have to do with Fluid?
if I saw a water droplet doing that in real life, I would freak out.
10,02It's a drop of fluid you are navigating
Seems... legit? No. No it doesn't.
Also, what's this I'm watching?
Looks interesting
SB, it's in ur peanut butter
Suddenly, PBand J
10,02O___o
10,02It's ruined ;A;
We Know.
lol
10,02Can you guess what I'm drinking? :3
oj
10,02My god...
We Know.
so what sentient being would give a drop of water conscience and make it do task?
10,02You're right O__O
a mad genius
10,02Don't know how you all know me O___o
We Watch.
And We Learn.
always watching
Yup
Call us your big brother :3
10,02Only one filly in this room can do that
Stop leaning on your left elbow, and help your sister with the english essay.
yes indeed
10,02She has an English essay?
Moo
Drat.
I've lost ZE Magik
It's late ;.;
better luck next time
muffins?
What is this? I want it
10,02Ohai Kencolt
13this is iFluid
Ifluid
Great insomnia.
13look it up on steam~
ifluid
Okay them
10,02Ohai DoctorTimeyWimey
*then
>:
Insane insomnia. Towhich I see ... pies?
I hate you bro
^
10,02:<
ouch
How did you all find me?!
I can't beleve you did that to your own sister T^T
Are you evil?!
He's kicked me before, too. ;.;
lol evil
no u
10,02NO U
Why is VALVE in this game?
Lol.
10,02O U
D:<
10,02U SO SILLY
OK. I'm asking. What IS this?
10,02iFluid
Kencolt: ^
oFluid?!
that sir is a water droplet
Dat fast typing..
*iFluid?!
I thought this was Katamari!
Damacy
nananananananaa
No balls :3
Broo do my homework.
00,10suddnly crome
If I saw this going on in my kitchen, I'd go crazy.
I cud watch it all day
Strawberry Jam :3
Your bad.
And should feel bad.
nuuuu
whoever's kitchen this is can't clean for crap
i know
How Heavy is this droplet of water
00,10darkmatter
^
and then it falls off
10,02Well...
Homework.
Do eet
BRO
10,021 droplet of water is roughly 1 mL of water...
pinkie got turned into a water droplet
Pinkie is water.
10,02Assuming room temperature...
Holy sh-
so a mg?
Let me google that for you, SB
00,10sciencebrony 64
DING
Dat 64 ding
oh no...not the bees!
10,02Water has a density of 995.7 kg/m^3
Oh, darn. It's not only a game show-- it's an incomprehensible game show.
M^3? not M^-3?
00,10like I said, dark matter
The danger here is not the stinger but rather the proboscis
Or whatever that tube thing is
oh wait. Lol
u am the greetest
Exploding kitchen
00,10and then the place blewup
yea, if that happened I would freak out
13yeah i'd be more concerned about the clutter fireworks than a sentient drop of water messing with oranges
night everypony, its time i got some sleep considering i did lose some blood today
Ding this is no doin hw ):
Ingwaz: Sleep tight
10,021 mL is about .0000001 m^3
gnight
Do do
isn't it now orange juice?
Do do do do do dodo
night Ingwaz
Sleep tight
Error: I am now Discord
Shizuka: at least the water wouldn't make a sound
Water, you already defy physics, why not just fly up there?
What is this thing... I'm watching... WHAT IS IT!
00,10so it's enemys are any thing pours and towels then?
sorry... not into gamestreaming, and well.. I should be sleeping soon myself. Hit the YouTUbe and see what I can find, and then sleep...
/me waves.
/me waves back
Kencolt: Bye! Sleep tight
ok then Kencolt
00,10death by napken
Night Kencolt
paper it's one weakness? ....what about cake?
10,02So then the density of water is .00009957 kg/ml^3
I can corrupt you now and break the laws of time and space, Polydunami
10,02ml* sorry, not cubed
Someone explain this thing I'm watching?
youtube then sleep, such a fantastic combination, I salute you sure o_o7
10,02So the mass of that water droplet is .00009957 kg
i-Fluid
physics?
00,10and it seems Shizuka's one weekness is the camera
Sb... Do the homeowork you NEED to do.. not this. lol
or a mg?
No SB, don't!
13yeah..
it's just so fascinating
13winnar~
10,02Also equal to 0.09957 g
00,10any who, sleep timez is nao
O u.
U so science-y
BE MY FRIEEEND...
10,02Night Sumica!
13nacht sumica~<3
10,0299.57 mg
SuperScience
Sleep tight
gnight Sumica
Now, sleep time is NEVA.
I beter sleep to,bye everyone
12ohai NS
Goodnight Sumica
bye Dken2021
I woke up 18 minutes ago.
FFFFUUUU-
here's to 4 hours of sleep
Oh, and same to you Dken2021
00,10will try to stream some mythbusters and what not in the morning
dat walnut
Sumica: I will wub you long time
It's morning now!
10,02We then use Newton's 2nd Law
10,02F = ma
ohai
/me squeezes forehead
It's moooorning I'm tellin' yoy!
Morning!
mornin
SuperBrony64: It's impossible. /discussion
10,02F = (0.00009957 kg)(9.8 m/s^2) with a = g or the acceleration due to gravity
SuperBrony64: I haven't even learnt diffraction & Interference yet ;A;
Wait, this is kind of akin to Katamar Damacy
i farted :3
10,02Therefore F = 0.00097579 N
so many fancy mathematics
*Katamari
wait... shouldn't g be 9.81?
Algebra. *snort, snort*
robots do not fart, they release sulfur
10,021 newton = 0.224808943 pounds force
10,02Simon2: I guess if you really want to get technical
NO\
Feeed me
lol, srry, please proceed
Feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed me!
Fe-e-e-e-eeeed me
SuperBrony64 doing fancy mathematics?
00,10Sins of solar empire why you no expansion yet.
Feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-e-e-e-eeeed me!
I don't get the nut thing
yes he is HerderBezem
Is that a metaphor?
Or... just nuts?
This is nuts.
10,020.00097579 N * (0.224808943 lbs / 1 N) = 0.00021937 lbs
Hehehe...
10,02Therefore, that water droplet weighs 0.00021937 lbs.
you's all crazy, lol
Isn't that the force it applies at it's maximum velocity from falling?
You know what? I don't care anymore. Go do your homework.
Armed with calculator in one hand and taco in the other
13dat physics :P
10,02IKR
kiss me
kiiiiiiiiiiiiis me
Slap my plot.
kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisssssssssssssss me
Okay
What is this droplets goal in life?
/me slaps Placebo's plot
YES!
inb4 awkward
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2426/
00,10lyra makes best sword
What? Why did you say ''YES!''
Not enough chaos, Discord?
Couldn't remember what Spy said. =s
/me slaps MahBoi777 's plot
and then silence
[02:33:57] <MahBoi777> okay, I'm not responding to that in any way
xDDDD
/me hangs self
/me corrupts Mahboi777
and more silence
What, is this final level music or what?
/me is already corrupted
/me un corrupts Mahboi777
THERE. Now you WILL respond.
And you WILL respond happy.
13fun is mandatory
I will?....aw damnit, lol
Yes, you WILL.
@_@
Go on.
Respond.
Wut
what is thy bidding?
Kill Placebo
:3
/me looks for a weapon
Wait.. WHAT
/me flees chat
/me hands Mahboi777 a neurotoxin gun
with pleasure master....
/me runs.
/me aims gun at Placebo's head and fires
I get way too confused by tabletop RPGs
how?
hi peoplezzzzz:D
Hey Kipkat07
killhimkillhimKILLHIM.
yay first reply evarrrr
/me peaks in
Kipkat07: Ohai
Hey, Mahboi777
look on top of you.
/me looks up
rawr
/me points to Placebo
/me looks down
Ohai.
there he is!
He's on top of you.
wut is we watchin?6_9
06~
seize him!
04So
orly
/me fires gun
/me hugs Xeli and Drake
04Can you summarise Leo's character Espeon?
It's called i-Fluid
/me hugs back
Good thing I'm indestructable.
You are a tiny water droplet
/me becomes enraged
oooooo i get it :D
/me placebo used confused ray!
@_O
/me makes Placebo her slave
It's too late, I'm already confused
HA
hey, look at my watch
look at it...
and stare!
/me looks
@_@
Rolex?
Niceee
/me walks off
/me hits Placebo
No, your supposed to be my SLAVE!
I don't swing that way.
Ya know, all robotic-y
must......kill.......Placebo
Well then, I'll kill your mother.
Creepy ambience
LOVE it
06reading the character desc from the reminiscence thread isn't even like how he has been portrayed really, which is a good thing >.> but I'll tryyy
:3
where did you hear of bronystate?
04XD k
Kipkat07: Google
YouTube
ponies
/me opens up incenerator
youtube derpy reaction6_9:D
:D>>
I don't suppose Reminiscence's portrayal is that accurate either
:0>>
what about Chad from VCS?
/me kills Placebo by pushing him in the incinerator.
Die, monster!
;.;
Eqdaily
I'm just a sugar-pill..
All I want..
Is to work for you.
/me dies.
heheh......heheheh...
gtg bai
yay toffee pill
06that is actually
WATTTT MY PLUGIN CRASHED???6_9
bye Master
Ding
06a lot more accurate to what I always wanted that character to be and less cringe-worthy
O NVM:P
What are we watching
06and still pretty much the same archetype of cold, detached but professional semi-bastard
I forgot
Ifluid
Hey there EquestrianPony
hai
/me glomps EquestrianPony
I just entered, and I have no idea what im watching
who heer is new besides me?
Yeah, it's Ifluid
10,02Me
O U
dat streamception
mod
?
10,02silly
10,02?
Filly.
/me glomps Placebo
/me is still in incenerator
r u a moderator???????:P
I guess I'd be the most recent newbie here
10,02Me?
@_@
10,02O___O
04hurr VCS
/me checks the RP Approval
yez
that's SuperBrony64. he's a silly filly.
10,02Yesh :3
06Personality: "I don't give a crap about that, i just do what i have to do so i can finish my job" sums it up... <- You know, this sums it up surprisingly well
3.14159265
Mmm. pie.
G
Stop it, I'm getting hungry
[19:44:14] <%Espeon|School> a lot more accurate to what I always wanted that character to be and less cringe-worthy
[19:44:33] <%Espeon|School> and still pretty much the same archetype of cold, detached but professional semi-bastard
10,02i liek pie :3
which? VCS or Reminiscence?
It was funeral day
Had lots of sandwiches
Lemme tell you a very old story
hi i r a newb to bronyness i never thought i would liek it:P
How's the homework coming?
There was one pony who went into a hotel
...i'm probably the only one here that gets that...
Totally
06Well clearly both chad and leo are pretty much two characters instead of one with actual character development :P
10,02Ohai Kipkat07, you're my friend now :3
The pony on the desk gave him the keys, and told him something
06But a mix of sorts. Sorry I don't make too much sense
10,02Welcome to BronyState ^_^
nvm ill stop
YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gosh, SB is easy..
10,02O___o
How come I never got a welcome :(
well
13aaaah
10,02What does that mean? ;A;
I HAZ FRENDZ!!1:D
Wub wub wub.
10,02Hai Polydunami :D
welcome
guyuyuyuyuy
10,02Welcome to BronyState ^_^
Kipkat07: I am now your friend as well. Congrats.
did someone attempt to close ad?
10,02Hai Simon2
/me has a warm fuzzy feeling
10,02Welcome to BronyState ^_^
lol SuperBrony64
YAY MOAR FRENDZ!!1!!!
/me is free
Welcome to BronyState ^_^
Leo is a pretty much a cold, professional tactician who's pretty much has a sort of dry sense of humour
/me SuperBrony64
Welcome to BronyState ^_^
/me repeats
/me hugs SuperBrony64
/me hus Simon2
10,02hugs*
Congratulations *clap clap clap*
lol hus
Welcome to......uh......where am I?
Elcome to StonyBrate x_x
13stupid towels killing me
Be warned. If they have color in their name, they are not to be trusted.
10,02Be sure to check out Brony Movie Night every friday at 7 PM EST
04Would he warm up to Rhy and Nathan over the course of the story, or remain a cold professional?
BRO I need to do homework :c
10,02Okay :>
I'm busy Fridays
Well of course he'd warm up
10,02:<
06Thank you NS, you are a lot better at putting a summary into words than me :p
Byes
but he'd still be a sarcastic bastard
xD
I has a sticky note of the movie times liek a bo55
10,02Bai :D
06And yes, he's not a psychopath afterall
bybybybybybybyybbybyby
/me glomps Kipkat07
06the sarcasm is of course mandatory
Take care
/me glomps Polydunami
why did I try to close that ad...:S
Leo's pretty warm to the people he cares about
/me glomps MahBoi777
/me incites pony pile
Dem Glomps.
04Everyone in this is going to be sarcastic
I suppose Rhy, Nathan and Leo would grow to care for each other
/me glomps Placebo
/me is glomped
O U
lmfao true
U SO GLOMPY
U SO SILLY
10,02:3
Pftchtcht
you haven't seen me being sarcastic IRL
/me glomps Simon2
04Yeah. Going through the beginning of WW3 and being a catalyst of it's beginning would be pretty stressful
/me sillies SuperBrony64
I'm... H A P P Y
04I sorta kinda have
such silliness xD
not to mention we'll be killing people
04But not to the extent you usually are
04Yeah
04I don't want it to be "Bang bang hey cool headshot"
/me takes all the sillyness, and pushes it somewwhere else
04Killing people is gonna be pretty traumatic
well
It's still somewhere :3
that's crazy, you can't handle all that silliness
Rhy is still pretty much a cold heartless jerk/bastard/bitch
06I like the sound of that.
Forget you, I can handle all this pftchtHAHAlol
04XD
10,02You’ve got to be kidding me. I’ve been further even more decided to use even go need to do look more as anyone can. Can you really be far even as decided half as much to use go wish for that? My guess is that when one really been far even as decided once to use even go want, it is then that he has really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like. It’s
10,2just common sense
What is that from?
and yeah Drake
dat common sense
06Actually make even the enemy not just cannon fodder and make things more terrifying in general
You've got it copied/pasted from somewhere..
yep
04Yeah
10,02Know Your Meme
06so it's not cawadooty: the fiction
I understand it all
/me doesn't know that meme
04I hate it when mooks die by the hundreds in shooter stories
lmfao
04And stealth will be important
shooting makes me puke
and on another note
i love that site
Rhy hates guns, shooting and everything related
except for flying
13finally..
http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/has-anyone-really-been-far-even-as-decided-to-use-even-go-want-to-do-look-more-like
My favourite song at the moment has a dubstep version http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6s4n76ti3Xs
Rhy loves flying planes/jets/etc.
10,02So ur with ur honey and yur making out wen the phone rigns. U anser it n the vioce is “wut r u doing wit my daughter?” U tell ur girl n she say “my dad is ded”. THEN WHO WAS PHONE?
04She'll be using guns of course, but she'll prefer not to.
that is were i lerned tonz of brony stuffz
well
she'll hate it
04Also no heavy weapons likes rocket launchers. We'll use them through the story, but it's not like they'd be your trademark weapon.
Know your meme?
fuck o
no
You mean?
wat tiem is it
Rhy's primary weapon is a laser sword/saber
yes
04No
04no laser swords
04no giant katanas
04no swords
04Realism
04Daggers or something like that, sure
future
04Kunai
04w/e
04but no laser stuff
we discussed this
I have diabeetus, it hurts when I pee, and make me short with my wife. Last night I hit her, come to find out, my wife has been dead for 8 years.....who the hell did I hit??
SuperBrony64: Her mother.
04NS this isn't the year 3000
it's 2069
04It's like, 2060 or something. We couldn't have advanced that far
06..
06oh
06dear
2069
WE DISCUSSED THIS
Bed time.
04AND I AM VEHEMENTLY OPPOSED TO LASERS OF ANY KIND
or not.
Damn you, ponies.
:|
let me show you my logs
3:55 am CT
gnight Placebo
iTunes is finally resolved
04I don't think that will change my mind.
we discussed this
04Because if we bring lasers in then it'll become too fantastic
06Well Leo should have a rifle, pretty much. Perhaps with a makeshift scope. Better than the insanity in those old rp approval threads :U
what was wrong with it?
episode 17
04XD
he's makin a strawberrychunga...
Oh. right
http://www.ebay.com/itm/250991976284?ssPageName=STRK:MESELX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1555.l2649
BID NOW
Oh my
I fon't have the e-cash ;A;
aww
Apr 26 21:07:56 <Drake> and plasma is overused.
Apr 26 21:08:42 <@Espeon> better stock up on batteries
10,02☻/
Apr 26 21:08:42 <Drake> 2062 then
I has no monies
Apr 26 21:09:01 <Drake> fine
SuperBrony64: dat bob
10,02:3
that's okay, you get one anyway, hurrray
Oh wow.
04NS, give me the specifics of your laser weaponry
Apr 26 21:10:06 <Drake> Xeli is the heavy weapons man.
Apr 26 21:10:13 <Drake> With a gun called Sasha.
Apr 26 21:10:15 * Drake hides
XD
uh
04And we'll see if we can come to a compromise.
well as I said
04I don't want it to be bright and flashy
that head
That is amazing
04like "ZOMG PURE ENERGY"
06that intro with one-shotting a helicopter makes me
06bang my head against the table
04XD
Rhy only really has 2 laser weapons
and yes that was terrible
If a little off-model?
I cringe at myself
06also
06>4x zoom
06>close quarters
Yeah.. can't make 'em quite like the animation..
2/3/whatever
06but it's at least somewhat viable
I R POOR
People still pay 300+ for them.
I'm in teh wrong industry
04well I'm gonna sound like one of those NOOB gamers who think they know everything about guns because they played CoD but really that's what I think an ACOG scope is.
044x zoom.
heh
well Draaaaaaake
/me should research that
you know the hidden blade in Assassin's Creed?
04yes
04And Xeli, your point is valid
06But no like
Rhy has those but sorta laser versions
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLsLlDHUYqw&feature=player_embedded
if you get what I mean
Lyra is best weapon
and also a laser sword
06fully auto star wars laser blasters
04well
I just saw that one
04Is the blade completely plasma/laser?
So awesome
04Or does it incorporate some sort of projector
04like
04A frame, then laser/plasma edges?
i know right?
/me sketches something quickly
Center needle/spike
06now I'm wondering how such a weapon would even work
Well
a central blade
10,02Try to think of chemistry pun...all the good ones Argon.
John Freeman is best wepon
that projects energy around itself when activated
though Rhy may use it without the energy
06Oh that makes more sense
I got Chemistry test today
r moderators bad people or is that a sterotype?
06Because the Star Wars ones just makes me go HOW DO I MAKE A LASER ONLY GO THIS AND THAT FAR AND THEN STOP but >sci-fi
they're horrible.
04That's what I was thinking
13who ist saying we are bad people :<
And I am definitely gonna fail because I don't know most questions
10,02I'm not a bad person ;____;
-ly fun to hang with
04Exactly Xeli
Dat iFluid
04That's what I didn't want
10,02I'm a bad pony :>
04What colour is the energy/laser/plasma?
/me glomps Kipkat07
que saxy music
04Because if it's blue I will shoot someone
10,02lol
10,02O U
10,02U SO SILLY
06rainbow
Ikr?
I was going to say blue
06:3
lmao
10,02Tell a Potassium joke?
10,02K
I r best.
O U
Lol!
04well
04if it's a light blue
04that's fine
light blue
Anypony here not from the US?
not dark blue
04I keep imagining this Mega-Man blaster blue
Guys..I'm sad :(
04and I'm like goddamnit
._.
well
I am
06can't unsee
if you need a precise colour
04EXACTLY XELI
it'd be like Anakin's blue lightsaber
what's wrong TOY_PON3?
10,02TOY_PON3: Awwww...what happened?
04...Sure that works
/me hugs TOY_PON3
04Since it's small it isn't like "SHINE"
i is from CT liek a bau5
/me hugs SuperBrony64 back
/me calls for group hug
XD
10,02That names Bond...Ionic Bond...Taken, not shared.
well
if Rhy needs to be stealthy
.....brilliant
she doesn't activate the energy
Do you have a joke on Sodium? Na...
since it's still usable without
10,02O U
10,02U SO SILLY
but it's far more potent with
Ikr?
I..I listened to MLD well the reading...
wat do mods do at night (that wasnt sexual)
saxy music.
nao
K I'm in Australia
I have a Carbon joke, C?
TOY_PON3: yes? please go on
MLD IS SO SAD!!!!!
04Like instead of locking blades you'd melt right through it
ikr?
04Or cutting a hole through a door/wall
yeah
Tell a Ytrium joke. Y?
well I dunno whether it'd be /that/ powerful
So many chemistry jokes
We should take all these bad jokes and just Barium.
don't want to overpower it
Snapples: Apples infused with Tin.
oh mah gawd
I regret it. And then I listened to that She Loved Me song with Woona and Celestia :(
since something that's that small probably won't be powerful enough to cut through a door/wall
You fool
06A laser blade IS overpowered, but at the same time it's instadeath if you fuck up and hit yourself
I'm in Canada
06therefore it's balanced
/me hides
/me handes TOY_PON3 a glass of water
lmao
das a sad combination
I know!
Take this. You'll die of dehydration from manly tears.
/me cries
hands TOY_PON3 a tissue
06and what would really happen if two laser blades clash anyway?
oopsie, lol
/me drinks water but still pouts
Umm I'm sad too y'know
Wait, you regret reading MLD?
04kaboom
My grandma passed away two weeks ago
04Or they'd both shortcircuit or something
wouldn't be kaboom since the energy is balanced
I regret nothing!
it's not exactly electricity
No I don't regret it I just regret crying again
06and I hope you don't plan on blocking boolets or something with it
But it's hard not to.
Feel sorry for you, Polydunami
boolets?
Chemistry jokes are Sodium funny.
06bullets
06:po
I'm fine
hell no
06GOOD
Polydunami: Sorry bro..
10,02Annoying Facebook Girl: "Dislikes: Reading Likes: Twilight"
Thanks guys
XD
xD
It's not nearly big enough and Rhy's not psychic
Also, so true SB
04ACOG goes from 1.5x to 6x
Polydynami: I'm srry to hear that man
04Hmm
Thanks SuperBrony64 that made me laugh a bit
:)
lmao
04What would be ideal for close-quarters combat with a single shot rifle?
04XD
Did anyone pick up the pun in Avatar?
Yeah, no worries :3
Unobtanium?
Rhy's hidden blades?
so anyway
04What level of magnification?
they can't cut through walls
unless you think that's okay
04also
04http://i40.tinypic.com/1zgdufp.jpg
06And yeah, but for close range aimpoint would probably be better ("red dot sight") buuut
04Is that a reasonable rendition of it's general idea?
/me takes a deep breath and grabs the tissue and wipes away tears
I don't like these jokes. I'm not getting any reactions.
04Red dot scopes look weird
I'm okay now.
ba dum tuss.
04But I'll think about it
O U
U SO SILLY
04I don't want to go on the CoD wiki, that's all. Probably not all that accurate
haha Drake
hehe
I used to think water looked like Mickey Mouse
wut.
Oh goodness
06But a single shot rifle should probably stick to mid range anyway
I'm off to bed. Night everyone.
SillyFilly is Placebo?! :O
06And that's the most logical approach to an energy weapon I've seen in a while :p
wut?
06at least a melee-kind of one.
Just saw this on T.V: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vIPq6Ouw0KY
well
04yeah, same
they're not as big as swords
06not LOL MAGICAL LASER STOPPING FOR NO REASON
04I actuallylike it
06lazor dagger
04And NS, no swords
I'm confused :P
it's more like daggers rather than swords
04of any kind
):
wub.
/me takes a long walk to ponder things
Night
Anyways night Placebo
04No longer than a 30cm ruler
gnight
Just for the hell of it
dat 64 ping
well
Goodnight Placebo
it wouldn't be that long
10,02I'm sorry to hear that TOY_PON3 :(
10,02Night Placebo!
i'm back, now with more ipv6 :3
I think the max would be around from Rhy's wrist to her elbows
obai Phase4
night Placebo
lol
06And lets just say that leo should have a bolt action rifle and a revolver because swag. But really, it's what I'd imagine that character having.
It's okay SuperBrony64 you made me feel better :3
cya
06And yeah dagger length then
otherwise it'd limit movement
04Eh, that works
10,02I wanna hug you now :3
04lol Espeon
04http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/Tasco_PDP2.jpg
/me hugs TOY_PON3
do it filly!
04I can live with that scope
wub wub wub
:)
it's roughly around 20cm probably
wubs
/me hugs SuperBrony64 back
/me looks for a ruler
06fair nuff
10,02wub wub wub
06I'm sure drake has o-
So much wub
wat do mods do
Why hug his back?
Also, I'm confused by Sebastian the Unicorn
04I just don't want a circle instead of a dot
And I love it
10,02Mods keep order in chat.
04I need a dot, not a circle for the reticle
Indeed
My curiosity says I need to watch the leak episode
XD
okay it's roughly 30cm
what should I do?
10,02We also help out with the website and its many functions behind the scenes
Kipkat07: they're the Gods of chat per se
Simon2: No
Simon2 Dont'
04that'll do then
soo no clopping??
Too late for me, Simon2
prove your loyalty to Studio B
Wait, What
maybe a tiny bit longer but it's still a dagger
Simon2 resist mah boi!
Simon2: BE STRONG
DONT
04Yeah, that's fine
MahBoi777: Mah Boi
What's for dinner?
maybe Rhy would have a reverse dagger too
Must...stay...away...from leaked...episode!
but that'd be heavy
Wait for Saturday
what would fluttershy say Simon2 !
10,02Annoying Facebook Girl: "Someone posts a status about a movie they just saw...Comments 'OMG I MIS YOUUUU'"
:(
TACOS
04http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adaptive_Combat_Rifle slap a reflector sight scope on this thing
06reverse dagger
06what
since 2 of them
04Reverse dagger?
uh
allso what game is this
LMAO
/me steals SuperBrony64's tacos
I just wonder what Hasbro is up to
10,02iFluid
WAIT A LEAKED EPISODE??
there seems to be some kind of seafood rollign around
one that comes out from her elbow instead of her wrists
SHH
06oh so that's what ACR means
and then it exploded
twice
Enough, my ship sails in the morning
It's a secret!
Kipkat07: Don't watch it!
13two levels left
secret, but fun
I aint gonna
10,02'Can we pretned airplanes are shooting stars, cause I could really use a wish right now'
Octorock
06more obvious than expected / i'm dumb :u
because the entry point of the retractable dagger is from around the top of her wrists, coming out over her hands
04uh
so you play a drop of water?
/me fights off leaked episode
exactly
04Why would they come out from her elbows
neat
Back I say back!
Shizuka is best streamer
06ADAM JENSEN
10,02Favorite Quotes: "Shoot for the moon, even if you miss you will land among the stars"
13get your sombreros ready
for a different fighting perspective
13BURRITO TIME
10,02:<
Somehow, I read 'Can we pretned airplanes are shooting stars, cause I could really use a gun right now'
04Also Rhy would have to be really careful with that laser dagger and her hand
Ole!
/me gives everyone a banana for no raisin
Yay!
Rhy knows how to manage it
04And maybe a reverse dagger on one arm, her dagger/plasma knife in the other?
MahBoi777: I want that raisin
Where's my Manwich?
iTunes: Y U HIRE DERPY?
when the time is right......use it
nope
Shizuka, what do you do to control objects?
NOW MY CURIOSITY IS GONNA KILL ME!
10,02Socially Awkward Penguin 'Say Goodbye!...start walking the same way'
lolwut
lol
that food is dancing
IKR SB?!
So you can possess the round objects.
or how about the dagger can move both forwards and backwards
itsa big tasty stew!
Favorite quote: Shoot First ask questions later
/me has to admit that he did have proper mexican food until he went to the US
10,02'You start typing but see 'your friend is typing' so you stop...SO DO THEY'
though that could be overpowered
dunno though
I don't even like stew.
04Hmm
04I guess she'd change weapons based on the current mission
thought I'd try shooting my way out, mix things up a little
Rhy is far too lazy
04She can have a collection of different CQC weapons
well duh she would
What a weird kitchen...
ded
she also has a collection of daggers and different blades on her wherever she goes
you guys are nicer than my friends:P
this mexican food is what all true warriors strive for!
04http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barrett_M82
"NO NATHAN, DON'T TOUCH MY HOARD OF KNIVES" *stab*
06that stuff is heavier than you might think :p
13roaches!
yeah
04http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CheyTac_Intervention
04Can't decide
Radu: Shizuka is playing a sentient drop of water and your problem is with the kitchen?
04which rifle
I know
Welcome to bronyhood, my friend
Kipkat07: Nice to know :3
xD
ohai Kipkat07
hahahaha Drake
I just thought of Rhy as Larxene-like
Kipkat07: that's good right? lol I kid I kid
10,02'Stalking your crush's Facebook timeline...accidentally 'like' a status from five years ago...they get a notification'
04LOL
/me doesn't get the corgette kebabs
04Larxene lol
Whoa
xD
they're pretty similar
except Rhy is /not/ that sadistic
Woow, roaches :O
Dat stalker
AHHHH WTB????
LOL
If you do that, do it to someone else too
:3
see!
06I love how you found monster caliber rifles
makes no sense
06Compensating?
/me hides
brb
meh...
04hurr hurr whynot
/me runs
back to playing Saints Row the third
Ok
What is the most important rule in chemistry? Never lick the spoon!
10,02'Goes to check mail, sees mailman still there...goes back inside'
/me wishes he could see stream but still has HW :(
04I just think those two weapons look awesome and they seem pretty practical.
and watch the stream at the same time
PURPLE!
13okay now this level i need help on...
xD
13cause i never remember
and then every thing exploded?
lol
brb gotta finish HW
06No kill like overkill.
Take care
Shizuka: Good luck
lmao
13as soon as i get tehre..
04But then I figure Nathan would go fir the legs
brace yourselves
04Since aversion to killing
bad joke incoming
I don't think Rhy would mind killing
04And when half your leg is missing then I don't think they'd worry about scrambling for their gun
Uh-oh
Oh noes...
06Yeah, go for the legs with a .50 cal and have them bleed to death from a stump
06good idea
Silver walks up to Gold in a bar and says, "AU, get outta here!"
OH NOSE!
lmao
10,02MahBoi777: O U
10,02U SO SILLY
/me set the chat status to red alert
06"I didn't kill them, the bleeding did!"
MahBoi777: Mother of God..
:D
hahaha
well Drake
04Well hey, I have a lot to learn about guns
13faaaaail
10,02'Teacher asks you to hand back assignments...Panic as you don't know names of anyone in class.'
04Would .50 cal be good for anti-material?
/me sets the chat status to "Red Alert 2"
mfw stream is waaaaaaay behind
http://i44.tinypic.com/fa50g1.png Ha ha!
SuperBrony64: I do that
Rhy has twin retractable energy/laser/plasma/whatever daggers that can move out either from her elbow or wrist
06That IS it's intended role afaik so I'd assume so
13faaaaaaaaail
10,02:P
and maybe a few throwing daggers/spare knives
maybe hidden in a secret pocket in her boots
:D
no seriously I'll brb
no that's lame
ahem
anyway
You need help on the level, or you need help to get at the start of the level?
Good luck TOY_PON3
He's not coming back, is he
she hates guns
LOL
any suggestions for a gun for her to carry?
04XD
since she'll probably have to carry one anyway
13this level is a real puzzla
04Some kind of sidearm?
well
04A handgun of some kind
he'll be back.....they all come back
04Machine pistol?
it'll be something small
13pay close attention to the instructions
like a pistol
yeah
06Drake: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DSR-1 for more HIGH-TECH
10,02"Feign laughter...get told it's an inside joke
06And revolvers > all
poker face
04but the barrel
12!Pokemon
04is so small
12!eonget
06EXTEND IT
Rhy'll want something small
06That's the magic of "Near future"
that's light
and therefore doesn't affect her movement
13everypony writing it down?
04True Espeon
what do we wear?
04A "modified" DSR-1
13we need five colors and some number
06Or just be clever and call it dsr-some other number. But sure
12!Pokemon
What in the moon is going on?
I imagine Rhy would be wearing leather armour since she's a close combatist
04I was think long black pants with a black shirt
06!pokemon
Espeon|School, you are a 14Feraligatr.
06rawr
well
12!Pokemon
L.A.Noir
13scattered around here are objects of the same color, for instance black is the highest chip
LOL
light leather armour at least
10,02Here are the 5 hints: The value of a card that does not fear the wind, the confetti balls hidden in the peashooter, the lollipops that stand still, the chewing gums from the sugar temple, the number of chips with the highest value.
or at least on her arms
04Rhy can wear whatever she wantsa
13good man~
10,02:3
10,02imma pony :>
6_9
13black is the highest chip
/me brain asplodes
Little Jimmy was a chemist, Little jimmy is no more.For what he thought was H2O was H2SO4
13green is inside the shooters
13four green so far
13so four green
dunno
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
06:ohdear:
not sure what'd suit her
leather's probably best for her type of character
since generally being hit by punches which may or may not be backed by SAP gloves hurt like shit
School bitches.
and can cause internal bleeding
Drake you bastard
School bitches.
04If we ever go into the desert or a forest, we camoflauge accordingly.*
04GODDAMNIT
04What did I miss
[20:23:34] -*status- *** Feather (killed: ERROR :Closing Link: Feather[99-39-212-230.lightspeed.rlghnc.sbcglobal.net] (Ping timeout))
[20:24:41] -*status- *** Buizel (killed: ERROR :Closing Link: Buizel[99-39-212-230.lightspeed.rlghnc.sbcglobal.net] (Ping timeout))
ignore the Feather/Buizel stuff
04h-uh
04Well, dress Rhy in whatever would suit her for CQC mostly
04Since it's her strong point she'd focus on that
04Nathan, he'd rely more on practicality and staying in one place.
13card that does not fear wind is red 5
04!delgreet
Well
Rhy's speed is her strong point
18
04So she needs to be lightweight, yet able to withstand heavy melee hitsa
she is moderately strong but there are quite a few who can outclass her in that area
04hits*
I wish I cud double jump
well she can withstand heavy melee hits
but prefers not to
but gravity hates me
she relies more on her speed rather than strenght
strength
10,02'Happy Birthday!' 'You too!'
though she normally varies her tactics depending on the situation
she's used to fighting multiple enemies at once
which requires speed more than strength
What if it's really actually their birthday too?
10,02Then it's Tuesday.
xD
04ah
well, there's the cake
that applies to me and someone i know SuperBrony64
13lollipops that stand still is white 4
04Remember we won't be all that badass at the start. We still need to train and get used to missions.
04and fuck, I should be finishing that story
that is one epic little drop of water
04And we still haven't sorted out Leo's skills
yeah
/me slaps Xeli
13highest value chip is black 3
Apr 26 21:10:06 <Drake> Xeli is the heavy weapons man.
Apr 26 21:10:42 <Drake> No, I'm not actually sure what his role was going to be.
Apr 26 21:10:48 <Drake> You'd be the tech specialist.
04ah
That's all?
04Well
04not heavy weapons
well
<Drake> You are the tech specialist and close quarters combat specialist.
04explosives specialist
13sugar temple is blue 4
watermelon good or bad?
04bomb disposal
Apr 26 21:12:14 <Drake> I'm the marksman and saboteur.
Apr 26 21:12:55 <Drake> Xeli can maybe be the demolitions expert, espionage specialist and the all-rounder.
Apr 26 21:13:41 <Drake> NS unlocks doors, Xeli gets me past the guards, and I sabotage the mehcanics while Xeli uses explosive charges to cover our exit and NS wipes the floor with anyone who gets in our way.
04Damn, I am so glad you kept these logs.
06well that'd be fine but would benefit from somewhat other weaponry then
06and yes
XD
04Remember to save these ones as well
06they come in handy
And once you find out the answers, what do you do?
these are automatically saved
I'm going to Kiddie Land!
04I prefer to save important logs in .tct docs to make them easy to find
10,02Who wants to help me with a homework problem?
Ah
04Plus I crashed earlier so I don't know what's going on
I just browse through my stuff
Hmm...
We all can, if we know
Ask away
I can try
10,02Nvm, can't copy and paste.
13so
10,02FAAAAAAAAAAAIL
10,02Hai Shizuka :3
heh anyway Drake
04Oh nice, the DSR-50 is basically a .50 cal DSR-1
I think Rhy needs some other weapons
Possessed die.
dat drop can do anything
04a baton?
04Machine pistol?
06you and your overkill calibers.
04Nathan's gonna get the big guns at some point
04http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machine_pistol
04maybe an uzi, NS?
10,02You did it :D
confound my stomach, it drives me to eat
I miss mah dinner:'(
o_O
Uzi, Drake?
and Drake, she needs a longer-ranged weapon, that's not just a gun
04http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uzi
04Throwing knife?
13hmm
close combat
04You said longer-ranged
longer
not long
13going to see if this notebook has my notes ><
06http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ballistic_knife
HAI EVERYPONY I IS BACK!!!
than her daggers
/me hides
04Well there isn't much she can
04LOL XELI
ohai Kipkat07
06really it would kind of suit what she has said about the character this far
Oh hey Kipkat I didn't hear you there :3
06even though it sounds rather impractical in general xp
Hi Kipkat07
dat Kipkat07
13hm when the notebook opens with a list of bronystate mods, that's a good sign it's too recent ><
lol
04Yet it's an actual weapon
do mods ever leave a room unmonitored or do they work in shifts?
lololol
Yes.^
04I dunno NS
I think that suits Rhy
04There isn't much that's better that's practical
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QerOwpd3WBc
staff?
mods do all sleep sometimes
retractable staff
13well... crap... none of these notebooks has it...
so it's easy to carry around
dunno
what is the goal of that game?
04That's basically a baton
Rhy's skilled enough to be able to beat pretty much all opponents at close combat
yeah
but longer
Kipkat07: I think they go in shifts, lol
o
Noir: to show the world you are one awesome water drop
has anyone seen SHED.MOV
we can't discuss that
:(
I havent seen that yet.
yeaaaaa
srry
04I guess a staff/baton that's retractable could work
SHED.MOV? another episode?:(
hm
?
Shizuka, wasn't it 4 white?
it's mainly against anyone who has longer blades
04http://i39.tinypic.com/4rarm1.jpg
13yay
04This is what happens
13apparently 6 white
04when we talk about guns
10,02Yay!
lmfao
squee
ESPLOSIN
13and finally!
inb4Boss
04The ACR Colt looks pretty good
04http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/NIMcase444ACRtest.jpg
06lol
huzzah
04The one on the bottom
Well anyway
Rhy'll have her primary laser/energy/plasma daggers
Credits?
a retractable staff
04The one above it is also pretty cool
Why is it named Level 15 then?
06And if Leo would be like
06all-round and between long and close range
some lightweight throwing knives
06http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IMI_Tavor_TAR-21 that :P
06Aaaand brb
and also some ballistic knives probably
04shit
04nice gun
just cause
06urge to pun rising
nice
lmao
04XD
Whats the difference in the chat rooms?
Anyway
06and I am consciously looking for kinda
04It also has semi-automatic, burst and automatic
06future--looking ones
Rhy is a mostly CQC + knives person
04so it's basically for everything
hates guns
only uses them if she has too
besides, she's terrible at aiming with handguns
Please elaborate?
Also, you win the credits
but she's pretty good at turrets/cannons/weapons on planes/jets/aircraft
04Wheras Nathan is the rifleman, who focuses on sophistication, accuracy and power. He's horrible at CQC, and prefers to leave it to Rhy to cover his back.
Easiest level=Level 15
04He keeps a knife on him, but he's terrible with it.
like RD and Fluttershy or Twilight and Applejack is there any difference in language or stuff?
04He prefers single-shot or burst fire rifles as well over automatic weaponry
Oh.
06Leo's "CQC" should be summed up with "Revolver"
Kipkat07: I don really know, I've been here for a week, lol
13and that's all for me ponies~
:c
Rhy focuses on speed, power only with the staff since there's no dangers of cutting yourself to pieces, and also precision with her throwing knives/hits
06and this sure became
D:
XD
utter sadness
Im going to go play some PS3, later everypony.
later Noir
10,02Nice stream Shizuka!
:'(:'(:'(
Thanks for gracing us with your water sports :3
10,02Great job on the Portal speed run :3
do not cry mai friend
But... we liked you...
And, admire Cathedral Zero
Rhy isn't the sort of "stab anywhere" person, she aims for points to hit and usually hits them hard
10,02Is it time for an SB stream?
YES
AW YEA
she might take some time to take down a single enemy if they're good, but it's usually because she's carefully calculating how to kill them
or decapitate them
Dat Why are you here?
because ponies
04decapitate
I saw this in a movie
04so much for trauma
10,02PONIEZ
I can't go home
I'm already here
041154 words so far.
Why am I here? Why are we all here? Why do we live?
/me headdesks
Well
Is it really worth it?
13tomorrow i will get past that dumm mission in freespace...
Rhy isn't as affected as Nathan is
Oh MAN
aliens man, just aliens
ME GUSTA
and I suppose you could have Nathan normally tell her to "stop aiming for the neck"
13one of the earlier bomber missions kept crashing on stream too
Dat RD
and suddenly sax1
06>decapitate
06>dagger
awwww yeaa, lol
:O
10,02You can do it Shizuka :D
06unless the energy thing of course
06NECKS ARE STURDY OKAY
well duh
<3<3<3
Is she coming closer to the screen?
LOL
WHAIO
10,02LOL
RD is so... feminine!
she normally uses the energy in big fights
nope, you must be gettin closer Polydunami:D
04That could be a point of conflict between then
OH
because people use guns and they're steel
Dat Trixie :O
yeah Drake
ikr?
04Nathan is opposed to killing, whereas Rhy has a less stiff view on killing
YESSSSSSS I LOVE THIS SITE :D<36_9
we'll probably need one late on then
well
YES!
04So Rhy will keep telling him to use the .50 cal
/me runs
SUCCESS
Rhy is almost "kill or be killed" but not quite
suddenly trixie
lmao
ohai Phase4
ohai MahBoi777
But I'm backing away from the screen. Does that mean I'm moving closer negatively?
04Nathan would constantly be thinking "They're just doing their job, like us. Why should I kill them when they probably have friends just like me?"
indeed sir
SuperBrony64: O U
Rhy wouldn't think that at all really
06I'm sure Leo can make a few snide remarks about that.
She might give some thought
but she won't dwell on it
haha
this sax music is great
10,02:>
Leo's in-between
GAH
wah
what
suddenly
06even though as I said, he's not a psycopath or anything he just
Leo's like the balance of Rhy and Nathan
06does what it takes
yeah
time for de magiks
Superbrony is a naauuuughhtyyy pony
macdonalds in the netherlands have ponies now
naaaaaaaauuuuughty
06oh no don't tell me he's becoming some kind of peacekeeping uncle because that's just like with us three
lmao
/me hides
lmao
04XD
04wynaut
Dat Twi ._.
XD
04he's the one that stops us from failing constantly
well
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee:O
10,02:3
Why So Twilight :P
I'm okay with this strangely
My mind says run away, but my body
04And why
As much as Rhy is "kill or be killed"
04when I imagine Leo
nevermind, i was way behind in the conversation
mfw no zoom
10,02Y SO SRS?
says DASH
04why can't I get the image of SOlid Snake out of my head
Y U NO ZOOM
ah the halloeen theme
Radu: it is
She's not a sadistic type of person (not really)
06well this far Rhy is more like snake than him so :P
oh
she doesn't enjoy killing
see
GAAAAAAAAH
lmao
dat smile, it's so pearly
eeeeeeeeeee:O:'(
yeah
Hold your ground......
Lesson Zero is tooooooo overrated
04It's funny that Nathan doesn't like killing but is in the profession where you kill opponents with almost factory-like ease.
10,02FYI: This is Zelda music
She's like Seran except without the sadist bit
ummmmm...
When I first went to the scary part of Ancient Cistern, I was like, WHOA
heh
06well it might make sense that he picks something where
06he doesnt have to get up close and personal
/me stares into it like a baws
06for his own sake
do you take requests?
is it that time again?
Look out!
OH NO
Well Rhy normally nearly kills herself by jumping from level to level and usually she only survives because she lands on someone else
Also, song to look up?
Fall back!
or there's something to break her fall
and Nathan is usually pissed about that
retreat
and Rhy's all "it's okay, I knew he was there so I landed on him"
OH SHI
06lol
also, grappling hooks?
Run away
now
04urgh
helloooooo
06IMPROVISE
04alright
DUCK AND COVER!!!!
Put the Tom video!:D
y/n?
04But we won't be swinging like spiderman
LOL
06and well those actually do exist as long as they're not.. yeah
no, just no
Rarity plz
YES
it's mainly for scaling walls
PUT THIS PLZZZZ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UB9ELCC-kM&feature=g-like&context=G24a3e12ALTzOBwAA4AA
SB has something in mind >:)
04Sure then
04That's what they're used for anyway
Mother of GOD
04like this
OH NO
04Rhy quickly motioned with her hand for Nathan to move into position next to her. With the grappling hook in hand, the hazel-haired boy attached the claw to the metal pipe in front of him as the watchmen turned the corner in front of them, and quickly rappelled down, followed by Leo.
10,02This is how bad I am.
xD
SuperTroll64
LMAO
OOOOOOOOO U SILLY FILLYYYYYY
10,02:>
epic sax all the things
all of them
LOL
xD
it goes with everything
Where am I
xD
What am I
Polydunami: we're not sure
oh god
whats that
Who am i
the hazel-haired boy part makes me cringe
It's RD?
what
Polydunami: save yourself!!
anyway
??
AHHHH
dear lor
lord'
RUNNN
WO-WO-WO
WHAT IS THAT???
yeah
WHOA WHOA WHOAAAAAAA
it looks like rainbow dash
04I'll change it
06that's an almost creepily placed burst of detail
yeah
oh mah gawd, it's monstrous
but a little to realistic
mfw no eyebrows
NO
filly dash
WAHHHHHHH
10,02Come on Cello wake﻿ up! It's time for our performance in Centerlot!
10,02Come on Cello! Stop joking around..
10,02Cello..?
do NOT want
/me nerf;s his stream
:'(
xD
Rhy also has a handful of weird gadgets
:'(
Fluttercry, NAO
:'(
that Nathan likes to call "Rhy's pockets of junk"
04XD
06just keep her from being some mac gyver solve-everything person with a magical backpack full of toys
10,02"I don't want to﻿ go...!"
13nacht ponies, thank you for putting up with mich <3
not fluttercry!
lmao
10,02Night Shizuschlafen :)
hell no
:'(:'(:'(:'(:'(:'(:'(:'(:'(
Goodnight Schizuschlafen
Guten nacht
night Shizuschlafen
gnight Shizuschlafen, take it easy
10,02Somepony requests Rarity?
Nighty night
yea, someone did
also, are we going to have any sort of magnetic technology?
I request Tom
D:
04Such as?
06o3o
If you're gonna put Fluttercry, now MAAAN
06que
That would blast
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
dunno
Dun put Fluttercry :(
:'(
magnetic belts, magnetized gloves, etc.?
AAAAAAAAAA
04We have magnet trains
just putting forth the idea
10,02"It's ok Twilight" Princess Celestia said to her﻿ young pupil. "Every dragon has to live on it's own at some point"
10,02"I know,"Twilight replied. "But Spike was more then just a dragon. He was a friend."
since this is essentially 2069
04magnetised gloves?
04What could they do
must hold back tears...
WHYYYYYYYYYYYYY
06climb on metal probable
:'(:'(
06y
06idk
that'd be overpowered
04And I prefer good old leather belts kthnx
and it wouldn't be able to support the weight
06ohdear2
06exactly
dam is bursting
NO
NONONONONONONONNOONONONONONONNOONONNOONONONONONONONONONONOONONONONONONONON
NOOOOOOOOOO
O
was more of thinking being able to summon/whatever your own weapons from a short distance
maybe 5m max
:'(:'(:'(:'(
04No
06a magnet must be quite
04That's basically Techno Babble Jedi
Married Life TT_TT
06impractically big to be that strong considering
06weapons are heavy
TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT_TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
04Plus you'd be grabbing your weapons by the blade
04not the handle
Mommy...
06ow
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/51948537/Screenshot%20-%20090212%20-%2020%3A57%3A42.png << my nerf stream button
06whoops there goes the energy blade thing
If you see comments by Kipkat13 thats me
10,02Dat 404 error
silly dropbox wasnt running
04The energy blade is attached to her wrist
04Don't need to worry about that
there we go
Dat optical illusion
06oh
Oh my
06swag
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/51948537/Screenshot%20-%20090212%20-%2020%3A57%3A42.png << works now
06oe assassins creed: 2069 rather
well
not large weapons
just small guns and knives really
Pinkie is best pony
true
06I'd still not recommend it with anything pointy
suddenly pinkie
Look at her nose. Cannot unsee the evil face
yeah
06and throwing guns with the safety off around isn't that good either
the nerf stream is a toggle
eez not evil!
XD
you spelled Rainbow Dash wrong
well, there goes that idea
anyway
you both mispelt Twilight
I think we've gotten most of the stuff
daaaaaaaaaww
Superbrony, WHICH is your favourite pony?
You spelled Rarity wrong :3
10,02Everypony :3
inb4 nopony says applejack
inb4 you spelled spike wrong
Back and goddammit I don't want to see the new episode but it's sooo tempting :(
04Nice.
10,02DON'T
04Now plot
TOY_PON3: BE STRONG
YEAH
What new episode?
<< Even pinkie agrees
Radu: itunes leaked it
TOY_PON3: don't do eet man
Must...Stay...Away..from Mic's live stream!
ep 17 is for sale on itunes now
iTunes leaked...The episode for this Saturday?!
I want that as an alarm clock XD
Incoming party
nvm, they took it down
04Three kids recruited into a mercenary company on the dawn of WW3
which i think is silly but nvm
good
Pinkie is a Wolf
holy crap there's a ringtone??
10,02"I'm sure [nopony] would ever complain if Obama replaces the tornado sirens with this <3"
^
04And eventually become catalysts, along with the entire mercenary company, for the instigation of a worldwide conflict.
Indeed
LOL, and the police sirens
that would be awesome
mmhmm
@superbrony do you like to play minecraft?
eeyup
10,02And yes, I edited the 'no-one' in the quote with 'nopony' :3
twilight is forever startled
10,02Minecraft?...did you just say....minecraft?
10,02Minecraft...
NO
10,02MINECRAFT
no
julia gillard must be involved and must have a large nose
Craftmine
CRAFTMINE
10,02MIIIIIIINECRAAAAAAAAAAAAFTT
06dafuq
no thanks good sir
RESIST
Noo
10,02MIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINEEEEEEEEEEECRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFTT
CRAAAAAAAFTTMINEEEEEEEE
04surewhynot
:(
XD
/me runs away
04Julia Gillard is our PM Xeli
04And no one likes her
POOOOOOOOOOONIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSS
anyway continue
04or her opponent
06oh
she's a red-headed bitch
Punch all the trees!
/me takes minecraft with him
and tony abbott is Dumbo in real life
06I assumed it was australian mumbo jumbo
suits the name too
04Well the general idea is that We're relocated to a city somewhere
Dumb-o
06:3c
Nooo don't hurt Fluttershy!!
06cccc
Chocolate?
04And that
04every few months
04We're sent on a mission
04each mission get progressively more high-risk
04And each one has worse consequences, as it provokes conflict between nations.
nuts
Oh my
04Since we're being hired by countries like the US, Chine, Russia and Japan.
04China*
U shud do the DEEEAAAUUUUUGHHH face next xD
04Each one trying to instigate another as the enemy of the country being attacked
10,02O U
10,02U SO SILLY
/me focuses on MahBoi777
04like, China tries to frame Russia for attacking the US
Focusing...
back up jack!
can we all die at the end?
awww:'(
/me slams door on TOY_PON3's eyes
MahBoi777: I love you
:D
O_o
or Nathan dies and Rhy goes emo and stabs herself to death and then Nathan comes back alive and kills himself because Rhy's dead /Romeo and Juliet
:D
and then Leonard is sad but lives to 134 and then dies
Just kidding but I do wub you :3
;)
10,02You'd slam the door on Derpy's face? ;____;
NO NO NO
never
:(
Not me
derpyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
04nonever
6_9
04I want them to live with the consequences of their actions
Derpy would slam the door into SPACE
04having to watch the world descend into another war
BalDumboRat is a gud singer
06might be a bit afk >>
04And knowing that they were the ones who made it happen
04k
brb
alright
that's plain depressing
Sure thing
04Exactly
this is cool
i like this
that's even worse than Reminiscence
04But then we take solace in the fact that the three are together and that they can at least live their loves how they want to, without Indie (The leader of the mercenary company) watching their every move.
loves
<<<< would have allso been a good voice for canon derpy
04lives*
XD
04asdfghjkdjcnabiugtwgnfhjlteq
XD
All of the other ponies
not me, stream
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCg9RVuh_QA
10,02NOTHING IS SACRED
well that's basically sequel material
oh lol
06>134
inb4 saxy music
04XD
sax
HAHA
Xeli, what
there it is
you corrupted me
lMAO
06corridor 34 or whatever
06iremeberthis
04The idea is they are half retired/half escape from the company
might as well just rename #4chan to #34chan
hahaha Xeli
04XD
is it moving closer Polydunami?
06then it needs more penis
04And they're like "Screw this"
bananas
Yeah
04Dunno what they'd actually do after it though
:D
It's crazy
this sounds like Sherlock Holmes
almost
04not having any of the resources they did when working for the company
I don't get it
10,02i liek dis Derpy song :3
04XD
2nd movie
04ikr?
^
yeah
/me does too
Simon2: www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrdwhXNt4qw
me too
Play this its good: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UB9ELCC-kM&feature=g-like&context=G24a3e12ALTzOBwAA4AA
04Also Nathan and Rhy are gonna have sex
04no exceptions
/me RUNS
.________.
I'm not writing than
that*
10,02silly filly :3
tbh, this guys' voice acting is terrible
04not explicit you fool
...oh
okay
10,02;A;
06:<
I thought you meant detail
06I mean
04Just like, implied
06oh
:'(6_9
ah
okay
SuperBrony64: I bet you can do a better job
well yeah
ILOVETHIS
04why the fuck would I write a lemon in a completely original story?
hah
well anyway
06:P
Derp I
meh
I'd imagine Rhy, Nathan and Leo would have no issues with getting more weaponry
the stream is muted
DERRRRRPPPPPYYYYYY!!!!!!!
since >war
04...Granted, they would be filthy rich by then
muffin mic= win
Derprolled!
pretty much
The Mayhem activity in Saints Row is fucking awesome
and it's a war after all
and I highly doubt they'll have issues stealing weaponry
TANKS
Whenever I'm rickrolled, I play the video through
so... beautiful...:'(:P
I love RickRolls, xD
04Freelance mercenary work to keep the cash flowing, while they nab any weapons thay find.
Encore?
I'm happy
NOOOO TOO CUTE!!!!!!! HRNGGGGGG
04Make modifications as necessary, etc.
not sure if blanket or sweater...
music dont quite fit
GO AWAY ADS!!
well
Rhy's energy stuff has to be battery powered
i know dat feel
or powered somehow
otherwise that's just silly
NOES!!
Memories
completely forgot about that until now
:'(
TT_TT
but the batteries are long-lasting at the very least
and it's also semi-solarpowered
04Solar powered on an under-the-wrist weapon?>
04Sure
04Just have it battery-powered but it only needs to get new batteries every year or so
the silence is necessary
goodday/night everypony
I ran over shit loads of people while driving
gnight Rainbowjack
gosh I'm terrible :D
night Rainbowjack
NIGHTY NIGHT
above
13X http://imgur.com/above.png Whenever that downloads... ～
it's above, not under
you diddent run over anypony?
Simon2: I love how the tanks just flatten vehicles XD
oops canterlock
yeah
04Ah
lol 90s
I love this theme!
who is streaming?
06I'd go "lol godmode batteries" but that tech constantly develops so
06sure
SB64
SuperBrony64 the troll
well
What is this theme?
^
I know it
Running in the 90s
the batteries would have to last something like a few months at the very least
search this
lol, internet
especially in this era
and it's automated Drake
Will do :)
Hi there, my name is DeadpoolDash and I have a problem: I watch Ponies.
lol intertrolll
She's travelling in TIME
04oh
no wings stil flying= BOSS
Hi DeadpoolDash
My name is Polydunami
04Man, I like it when we talk like this
And I watch ponies
do we have anything masking our identities?
^
deadpool loves rainbow dash
04This needs to happen more often
good morning everypony
(no hoods)
yeah
04Other than codenames, not really
04No point.
well maybe hoods but eh
they're pointless
We all do, I joined the herd 6 days ago
VioletGreySha: morning
04We're a mercenary company anyway
and capes can go die in a fire
mornin Violet and Deadpool
5 am
04So identification isn't a real problem
Good 2am Vi
Kipkat07: welcome to the herd
CT
this is maximum firepower/etc. not trying to hide
like Seran and such
oh man, it's 4 in the morning here....time to make chocolate pudding
super loop
04Like Chad OHKOing a helicopter
that was my fault
ice cream
06hng
it's not like I knew back then
and I'm lazy
ahhh i get it
anyway
06clear example of "cannon fodder enemies" like no other
xD
Uhoh
hint hint:D
04XD
04Man
LOL
<Drake> NS unlocks doors, Xeli gets me past the guards, and I sabotage the mehcanics while Xeli uses explosive charges to cover our exit and NS wipes the floor with anyone who gets in our way.
Still this
04The Barret .50 cal is overpowered IRL
XD
you said cyan & rainbow wrong
Well
04Semi-automatic .50 cal
Rhy hates heavy things
10,02I'm a troll? D:
You're a pony :3
06Unlike video games they don't try to "balance" it to the enemy weapons
10,02imma pony :3
who sed these lies??
06:p
lmao
10,02Simon ;____;
no u isnt u is a good pony
Rhy hates heavy things
SIMONNNNNNN
SuperBrony64: u're such a trolly filly
Simon, u monster
10,02D:
04true
MahBoi777: Mah Boi
loves flying though
dat Drop it
we should have personal fighters
10,02...i just don't know what went wrong ;~;
04No
04Just
04no
):
xD
04Overkill
when im videos!!!!!
so many remixxxxssssss
04You can be the pilot, sure
VINYL
fiiiiine
pony troll is best troll pony
04But not personal aircraft
06that would imply loads e money
we'd have loads of money
04The company is rich, but not THAT rich
Missle Launcher is the best weapon ever in Sains Row
or at least the company would
true
well
dat Fluttermeow
they'd have to have fighters
lol, thot this was one man band for a second
04A single aircraft per team
yeah
shark gun try again
04Plus a pilot if necessary, which it isn't
or at least a shuttle + fighter
Filly sauce is a good one
YEAH!!!
since shuttles are no use for dogfights
love this song
04mmm
04Helicopters as well
dis is exercise music
they lack manoeuvrability
wel
well
04but they're more used for local operations
shuttles or helicopters
personally I'd go for shuttles
where is Richard Simmons when u need him.
its a 80's remix with becoming popular
since they're faster and quieter
You spelled Rarity wrong :3
but helicopters are generally associated with these sorts of things anyway
and shuttles might be a bit advanced
its not mine
04yeah
is everyone dancing!! \^.^/
04By "Shuttles" do you mean something like
fighters should be fine
04a plane that can hover?
yep
mfw I missed Twilight and RD at McDonald's :(
yeah
lolz www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLsLlDHUYqw
well
shuttles, literally
i have them Radu
if you really need an example
think of the star wars shuttles
i just got RD and Twi
04like this
04http://halo.wikia.com/wiki/D77H-TCI_Pelican
04Oh
04Yeah
quick question, what does mfw mean? just want to get that out of the way
I got Rarity, AJ and Fluttershy, waiting for Pinkie c:
04That's what I'm asking
04A bit too advanced
06so like
mfw=my face when
now just need Rarity and Fluttershy
yeah, that's what I mean
06harriers
bit advanced
ooooo
I'd say helis still
OH thanks Radu
and I love helis
No problem c:
/me glomps Radu
04I was thinking Ospreys
/me is glomped
but one of you would have to be able to drive it as wel
Dat SuperBrony64
well
ikr?
Why is rarity so awesome?
/me hugs SB and Radu
since if Rhy goes in a fighter on a mission
04http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell_Boeing_V-22_Osprey
/me glomps Rainbowjack
/me hugs Rainbowjack
04A plane, but also a helicopter
nice
ohai Thunderpony!
/me glomps #bronystate
well
@pony
helis are kinda useless for stealth missions
Hey boi
04yeah, but they can work with getting people into position
04Plus, planes mean you'd need to parachute
04Which, on a clear day or night, is rather revealing
he ded
HAHA
does anypony here play minecraft
Uhoh
yeah
I used to
^Indeed
well
what about Rhy's fighter?
play this plzzzz: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UB9ELCC-kM&feature=g-like&context=G24a3e12ALTzOBwAA4AA
do you still play it?
or the fighter
whatever
nah, not anymore
total miner forge
04Used for parachuting during cloudy days/nights of when fast deployment is needed
04Also airstrikes
04Like
My body says no
04Nathan and Leo need to get down a street
same
04but contacts keep shooting at them every time they move from cover
YOUNG MAN! There's no need to feel down, I said YOUNG MAN! Get yourself up the ground, I said YOUNG MAN!
leave return leave return. i cant seem to stay in one place
04Rhy could provide suppressing fire from the fighter above them to allow them to advance
mahboi777 can i use you account
I've heard that song somewhere!
well
YMCA - The Village People c:
Phase4!!!!
that's it!
the fighter is sorta a one person one
/me hugs Phase4
Poundcake: !!!
In the Navi
designed for aerial combat
/me hugs Poundcake back
Dat !!!
aka dogfights
04Doesn't mean it can't be outfitted for bombing
it's an escort craft for the heli
good to see you online, where you been
Hey! Listen!
well yeah it'd have bombing
04Or even just a machinegun for anti-personnel
but wouldn't be for parachuting
Phase4 brb
SB you still streaming?
what model would it be?
04Because you don't want to blow us up do you?
He is aFk
04hmm
/me puts Navi in a jar and shakes the jar
04lemme do some research
/me hugs Rainbowjack
04http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lockheed_Martin_F-16
04Lockheed Martin
04F-16
ohai SuperBrony64
GAH
/me vomits Wikipedia
/me glomps Phase4
nice
windmills do not work that way!!
mahboi777 were making a COD and Battlefield mitures
04F-18 Hornet?
I like the martin
04Oooh
/me has a look
/me is glomped *wub
HAHA!!!
o_O
lolololololololol
04If we're gonna write this
04we'll have to be pretty well-versed in military technology
HAHA cant stop my laughting
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Next_Generation_Air_Dominance
what the.....lol
dat laugh
04"With or without a pilot"
its a Troll video for the Ghost radio show
046th Generation
04future
04I can see this working
oh gawd
inb4 saxy music

HAAAA NOOP twis face
xD
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lockheed_Martin_F-35_Lightning_II
lolololoolollolololololol
MahBoi777: what ninja?
oh yeaaaa
/me glomps Kipkat07
:D hahahhhahaha SuperBrony64
10,02:3
04Eh, I liked the other Lockheed Martin
oh nvm, my message didn't show :P
nomnomnom
04But remember the decision is up to you NS
04It's your plane, after all
wierd
yet strangely awesome
YES
still like http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lockheed_Martin_F-16
WHOA
YAY
04I like the Air Dominance
well that's sixth gen stuff
hellovthar
there's barely anything out
Oh MY
lol thios one is funny
<3 this video
04It allows you to improvise
and well made
^^
Derpy sakura
yeah
well
04And then take information from the Lockheed F-16
04If you need it
the good thing about the Lockheed Lightning II
muffin
dont get why carrot top was in there
Oh goodness CARDcaptor
is that it has stealth capabilities
also
if you mention invisibility
I will kill you
06Lol
lol
04noinvisibility
04None
i love cardccaptor sakura but not the english version to muchs was cut from it
04ever
I don't understand the point of this video
04that's stupid
EPIC PIE TIME!!!
I love the reactions
me 2
I don't understand why the reactions
and i;m back from accidenraly clicking the embed
06Well they already have like a
06coat that does that
06albeit only from one particular angle and partially
04Seriously?
Phase4: I feel yo pain
04Yeah
04I thought so
I don't understand why they laughed
04We can't actively bend light particles at supersonic speeds
/me peeks into Mic's live stream
06a bit over the edge
04Well still
/me gives TOY_PON3 a ping
Applejack beats those egges like she beat Applebloom LOLZ
yeah
04damnit humanity stop advancing so fast
/me adverts eyes
06it's just op anyway so lets just say it will happen in 2100 or something even thoug hit WILL probably exist by 2050
Brony"applejack is like WTF"
I gotta resist the new episode!!
What is going ON here!?
Vinyl gets the biggest applause XD
06for the sake of not making stealth as easy as clicking a button
http://www.worldwide-military.com/Military%20Aircraft/US%20Fighters/F-18_Hornet_EN.htm
HAYBACONSTRIPS
that's nice
http://hoofflix.com/cupcakes/ lol, it works
/me runs into a wall while eyes are closed
LOL
06BECAUSE THAT'S NOT AS FUN AS SNAKIN'
oof!
06sneakin'*
06even though both applies >>
omnomnomnmonmonmonmonmonmonmomnom
lol bronies
:3
04XD
04Anyway
04I gotta go now.
04Remember to save logs NS
D:
noooooooo
so she was gonna eat whoever called her a b:[?
one moment
06hngg
LOL
04We'll talk about this Sunday or something, because I have work tomorrow and Saturday
04ffffien hurry up
Encore!
http://weapons.technology.youngester.com/2010/04/top-10-world-modern-fighter-aircraft.html
No but seriously I need to not watch the new episode :(
next time we eat Skrillex
tru dat
Okay
06aircraft porn.
04And I am totally keeping these 18 tabs open
you said rainbow wrong
/me calms self and thinks about Daring Do
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pCT9mTMzhw
oh god
NO
sweet jesus....
Hehe..Daring Do..
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHHAHHAAHHAAH\
GOOOOOOOOOOOAL
g3.5 scootaloo is clasified weaponry in 15 countries
^
^^
what is this?
Alex S.
live remix
yeah
i want that switch board
/me still thinks about Daring Do
lol
NYAN CAT ALEX S. REMIX
i want one of those
/me gives TOY_PON3 a Daring Do plushie
I like the Party with Pinkie one he made
Kipkat07 YES!
suddenly Kipkat07
/me squees and hugs it
:3
wait, what?
hey there bronystate
alex s remixed nyan/
Dat KetaminaDianePie
ohai KetaminaDianePie
/me loves this remix
hey KetaminaDianePie
dat ketaminadainepie
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=502xxCTRfxo&feature=g-like&context=G25495ceALTzOBwABRAA
Hey there
/me cuddles with Daring Do plushie
:3
you like it Toy?
Poundcake: ohai again, just checking if your still here
Hey Kipkat07, I got sumthin u ought to look up
Mhm thanks Rainbowjack :)
Phase4 yup
NP
:)
/me hug TOY_PON3
Kipkat07: le internet medley
/me hugs Rainbowjack back
i so love this song
Poun​dcake: theres something wrong with this line, see if you can spot it.
Dang it, now I'VE clicked the embed
lol
lol Polydun​ami
it's so irritating
Thank Celestia for Fluttershy
^
thats odd, why cant i load youtube?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tX61rSt8go0&feature=g-like&context=G2e1a64eALTzOBwAADAA
google works
O Fluttershy
U SO SILLY
she's naked!
:O
That Naked FLANK
Ze magiks of zis pony! The legend of celestia, with out hero fluttershy.
hey Poundcake
hey do not post porn links :D!
Pou​​ndc​ake: whats wrong with this line?
hey Phase4
LOL
Phase4 do you play minecraft?
yup
SO i took the bronyland personality quiz
I am most like pinky pie.
I GOT TOP COMMENT!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6p6juBq7p4&feature=g-hist&context=G245e990AHTzGdVwANAA
Which is kinda odd, because i seem to always get her when i take brony quizes
who?
Bronyland
Polydunami took the quiz
I am Fluttershy in reality but Rainbow Dash online
where?
Polydunami is most like Rainbow Dash
What the heck
http://www.bronyland.com/pony-personality-test/
I got pinkie pie XD
i'm twilight!
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/51948537/0aa16ccee201ab0210f4cecfd397e2a3.jpg
<Phase4> yup
I have the power to break the fourth wall....HEY YEAH
Sure you're not Big Mac?
Thunderpony: /)
I got above average in all categories
(\
Also, CAKE
Evdog: Nope
The cake is a lie
XD
!cd
Episode 17 of season 2 "Hearts and Hooves Day" airs in 2 days, 4 hours, 35 minutes, 47 seconds (Feb 11 2012 15:30:00 GMT)
u want this cake?
I want it
Must... resist
the cake is the leaked episode
LOL
you must fight it
Which one do i go after? THe pony or the cake?! AHHHHH
SHH
I want that cake!
And the answer is yes
/)^3^(\
When I run over 50 more people I'll get an achievement!
wub wub wub wub
WUB
Drop it
dat Drop it
I like this
Oh god
and then i luna'd everywhere
mmmm
^
Did... did anyone else see suggestive Luna?
WHOOOT
:D
oh this tune
Who else would buy a friendship is magic video game?
heard it from know your meme: brony
I like the 8-bit themes by RainbowCrash88
I WOULD
^
Dang ninja
Wait
SO MANY FRIENDS
All dem friends
goddamn friendship is STILL magic
do not cry!
afraid of her own shadow
xD
im back
wb
WIPE YO FEET
10,02O U
:3
10,02U SO SILLy
HAHA
Fluttershy is best psycho
Pinkie is best Psycho
eeeeyup
Psycho is best Twilight
We shall never speak of psycho pinky pie e.e
Back everypony
owww cmon
YOURE GOING TO LOVE ME!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!1
no, I mean the party of one one, lol
right!
YES got my favorite Pony in that Test FLUTERSHY
Favorite pony is fluttershy
10,02>name is Rainbowjack
Named rainbowjack
Rarity
10,02>Favorite pony is Fluttershy
10,02LOL WUT
LOL LOGIC
Agreed super brony
LOL
Fluttershy is best Tree
hahahaaha
ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee
lol
OH GOD
TOY_PON3: I cudn't agree more
inb4 spam
:3
rainbow das is also on of my favorites
aeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiou
AAAHHHHH!!!!!
dat spam
SAAAAKEE
AIEOU
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
10,02aeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiou aeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeio
10,2uaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiouaeiou
AHHHHHHHH
ha ha ha. mandotory spam quota filled
SNAKE
john madden
?!?!?!?!?!?!!??!!?!?!!?!?!??!?!?!
aeiou aieou
99999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999
Fluttershy Rainbow Dash Derpy
football!
snae
snake
I'm laughing for real right now!
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
merf merf merf merf merf
:o
Evil part
naaaaaaaaaaaaughty
890
uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhh
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6CLRY336_Q
I pooped myself
...
It has vanished
?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
JOHNMADDENJOHNMADDEJOHNMADDENJOHNMADDENJOHNMADDEN
ERDBRBRBBRRBBRRBBR
ok, have to restart firefox. wont load youtube
I love this
Fluttershy is Most Huggable Pony: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98Qkhsw_P2g
O.O
Love this one
diamond dog, lol
i still wonder how they got it so good
it's a mystery
he was kind he said "can i help you MISS rarity"
Rarity is using magic, that is not fair.
that didnt fix it...
Indeed
LOL, Spike
TOM
nooooooooooooooo
Lol
Okay, Flash glitched out all of a sudden for me
LOL
Power of music
BOOM
bonk
Everything turned into MGS alerts
O.O
this is where it came from, lol
dat monkey
Which kind of pony is your favorite? Sea Pony
dat dat
FOR THE LULZ
EVERYpony
My favorite is Love Rap 1/2
eat ur heart out tiger woods
Pegasus
Too many white women to care
this golfer is so pro he backspins balls into holes
:D
Who has enough money to do this?
Train a couple of primates to throw balls
lol miss
Buy an island
And make a golf course on it
it's IMPOSSIBURUUUU
oO
lol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3f4RgfSugI
Good morning everypony!! :)
Anyone with a billion dollars Thunderpony...
i thought everyone was gay for Spitfire
A billion would only go for the island
good mornin RaveBrony
ooooohhh
What is this? xD xD
/me wonders if theres been an actual musical written yet.
europeans? gay? wut is this?
It doesn't have to be a big island
Fluttershy!
O_o
Avenue Q?
it seems like it
Gay Serpent XD
all the shades of grey
its a Mexican
LOL, of course the gayness is pointed towards RD
Lol
Lol! xD
gay AND european
problem solved
^
Ooooh
because her kiss with AJ?
"I'm straight!" "You were not yesterday.."
apparently so
10,02WINNING!
I'm bi-winning!
PINKY PONIES UNITE!
HUZZAH
Yay!
Mutterguy Avenue Discord
Well, Polydunami is tired and needs his sleeps
well, gnight all, c ya tomorrow
cya
Pinkie Pie + Applejack= Apple Pie
Cya MahBoi777!
So I'm gonna go ahead and sleep
g'luck with all the trolling SB, lol
mighty night!
10,02Night Polydunami!
night MahBoi777
and Polydunami
10,02Night MahBoi777!
G'night everypony
NN boi
/me is still playin Saints Row the thid
I'll be back
Kipkat07: imb4 ship fic
*third
in'
MahBoi777: le ping ._.
:) :) :)
Love this! xD
dAT REPEAT
Well I'm off to bed, night guys :)
TOY NN
night
/me hugs TOY
so many pings
DaringDo: ohai
10,02Night TOY_PON3!
niiight TOY_PON3 !
nifht TOY_PON3
Boom pony
night
/me hugs Rainbowjack back
Hiii DaringDo :3
omg this is funny
hiyas Daring
hai thur
hiii
/me snuggles with Daring Do plushie and sleeps
Zzz...
SuperBrony64: volume's a little low
thats better
a lovely bunch of http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cn_cUeFeyUU
I love this movie
/me should get some sleep possibly...
its Trollestia
trollestia
On EQD it talks about a leak, but what leak?
I never heard of a leak
new episode
there is no leak . It's a Lie!
They leaked an entire episode?
A scandalous lie!
ep 17 was put on the iTunes store ealry by accident
they did, I have it
WINGBONER INCOMING!!!
i mean the cake... leak is a lie. LIES!!!!!
See these are the moments i wish i had a credit card
Leek Cake is a lie
:)))))))))))
It's off the store now
LOL
:D
So on the comments of the leak it says something about scootaloo. So it's a scootaloo episode?
10,02No spoilers
HAHA
10,02One word of spoilers = instant ban
CMC as the synopsis would tell you
DERPY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I honestly haven't seen the episode so i don't know
forever lonely
what episode last weeks one?
Thunderpony: you havent seen the last roundup?
poor mailpony
No the leaked ep people are talking about
ah
i havent seen it either
They are very vague on what it's about so i don't even know what it's about
Which is why i was asking
/me is waiting until saturday like a good little colt
/me does the pony Polka
Thunderpony the synposis from ages back tells all
/me is just in denial if that isn't clear
lolololol
PM the Link to me because i don't feel like going through EQD posts
ui loved how Sucima did a Q episode last time
*Sumica
He's sexy and he knows it
tank mayhem!
apple pie
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/01/episode-update-hearts-and-hooves-day.html Synopis is here almost a month old
they've removed it from itunes which i think is a silly idea, people looking for the ep wont buy it now
nooooooooooo
Really? This was the leak?
Everyone in the stream knew this would happen
Thunderpony: not sure what you meen
The episode leak, everyone i seen talking about it gets really vague as if they're scared about it.
Lava Lamp derpy
derpehhh
:3
love her voice
But if this was the leak then i don't see what the problem is, it was shown on the stream.
DAT GIGGLE
:O
awww
The Bridge of DEATH http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_3Rf0Oe-GEk
Kill her.
NOW
DO EET
Justice is served
hurrsy
RUN DERPY RUN
10,02This stream is distracting me ;A;
10,02Thanks for tuning in everypony ^_^
10,02I'm done O___O
from what?
owww
thx SB!
thanks SB
10,02My homework ;~;
10,02I hate my homework ;A;
reading at a book http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3urDBu3x6PA
im back google chrome crashed
I'm watching the leak
SCREW YOUR GOOD PONY NATURE
BAD PONY!!!
SuperBrony64: I know that feel
10,02IKR ;A;
Bad ponies...are the best ponies!
viagra
There's no way this was an accident
y i no can see movie??????????????
They did this on purpose!
duh
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PjqFon_he4
Kipkat07, the mods went to sleep
Mods= program directors
all of them???
IT SEEEMS SO!
In case you're interested, the dutch media invaded our dutch meet: www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6XVF81B280
27-7?
MODS R ASLEEP!!
Post ponies
POST MORE PONIES
lolololololol
post youtubee ponies!
MOAR PONIES!!!
actually, we should post ponies before we demand more...inflation is bad
O
i want to see more bad ponies
We haven't had a twilight episode in a while
SWAG
WHEN WILL THEY MAKE ONE!?
I NO WANNA GO TO SKOOL 8TH GRADE SUCKS!!!!
08,01so iTunes released saturday's episode early by accident
08,01if anyone would like to download it, pm me and i'll give you a link where it can be downloaded
no they didn't ITS A LIE!!!
It's on youtube already dude
Hi there mister moderator :)
08,01oh, nice
/me points to his tinfoil hat
08,01hullo Kipkat07!
old song, new vid http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p32N6NYz1Tk
9 minutes till i has to go to skool. 8th grade is BORING!!!!
0,5- 8 minutes till i havbe to go to high school. Junior year is BORING!!!!
0,5:P
10,02Suddenly LordCelestia
0,5Ohai SuperBrony64
10,02Ohai :3
08,01okay, so i'm not actually allowed to encourage you guys to view the new episode, so i'll not be sharing the link
/me 08,01buggered up
0,5Me neither!
0,5rawr
I got kicked when I did that
i can has be mod please?
10,02Maybe :3
0,5Idk why itunes decided to screw up so badly
08,01DeadpoolDash: did you link it in chat?
yes
08,01yeah, that's why :P
they did it on purpose
10,02That would have normally been a ban DeadpoolDash, but I let it slide just this once.
it wasnt a spoiler, it was the actual episode. so I didnt think there was an issue
0,5Ohai Phase4
0,5Y U NO SAY HI TO SB64
hi kitties
i said hi already
0,5Ooooh
i has cats
Hasbro will NOT be happy with iTunes.
0,5IKR^
allso hai DeadpoolDash and Lasharus
Hey Phase4.
RAGE!!!!
10,02It encourages spoilers DeadpoolDash.
itunes has taken the episode down
08,01DeadpoolDash: thats's the biggest spoiler possible!
good
Apple drops the ball as usual
I assume that BronyState will just run the new episode on the saturday stream as usual?
derp
08,01for those qwamtomg to watch with us on saturday
10,02Lasharus: Indeed.
I'll be there then. :)
As usual. :P
^
me to
me too
wat tiem? :P
10:30
us est
kk
0,5Yeah
its 7 there now
o yeah gtg baiiiii
0,5Episode BEFORE release = BIG SPOILER
/me has a clock synced to bronystate time on his copy of the page
<3
later Kipkat07
0,5aaand i gotta go
and LordCelestia
0,5Bye everyone
Congrats on modship LordCelestia!
I'm super late
0,5Uh,
sudden Hat
/me wares Hat
0,5Yeah youre very very very late
Hat
/me sits on Phase4
0,5Like by a month silly filly :3
0,5BAI NOW
later LordCelestia
the key is not to talk about what happens in the episode until it officially airs
i still got lc's valintines derpy pic open in a tab
Are there spoilers here
inb4 the drawfriend is full of art pre episode
He might have to sift through art that's not related
don't go to a certain meme site if you don't want spoilers
10,02Hat is a silly filly :3
'certain meme site', that narrows it down
Huzzah
unless you meen 4chan, but that spoils everythig
thing'
Don't go to ponibooru
it has a the word 'meme' in it
dont know why but i really want some bedshhets of My Little Pony
turns out meen is spelt mean
Someone told me there would be ponies in the upcoming episode, now its ruined
#derp#
Hat: Spoilers!
ikr
SuperBrony64: o u
10,02:3
/me glomps Phase4
/me hugs Phase4
shit
We all are going to have to imitate what's-her-name from Doctor who
10,02O___o
i meen SuperBrony64
10,02o___O
/me hugs SuperBrony64
10,02:D
*derp*
p and s are just so close together, very easy to make that typo
well have to go to dentist now Be back later
Good luck
Who turned out the lights?!
xD
10,02O U
10,02U SO SILLY
so....
10,02and then the pony didn't know where else it would fit
10,02so they just shoved it up in there
not silent but still quiet in here
We couldn't fit it all in
10,02O U
10,02U SO SILLY
Hat SuperBrony64 DeadpoolDash and me, got our own little club here
here, have some minecraft ponies http://www.youtube.com/user/Mach5GamingClan?feature=watch#p/u/15/XsKagiccLx8
10,02i liek clubs :3
10,02especially when i have friends in dem :3
leek clubs spin alot
I should go find the Space Core in Skyrim
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QX4wPZLt_tQ
so this chat is dead
no stream......
what how did I get disconnected from server?
...... no chat!
*yawns*
la la la
I would stream me dieing in skyrim if I could
dying
whatever
DeadpoolDash: http://youtu.be/bdZ1va0AQYc
interesting
lalalalalaaaaaaaaaaaaa
The second day since I bought Saints Row, progress: 46%
and there goes the chat
yup
chat always goes...somewhere...over the rainbow...
dat wizard of oz reference
way up high~
Funkballs: you lik neuro?
shit just got real
wut?
playingsaints row here
ooooooooooow
skyrimming
http://youtu.be/C0C59h1nlwg
10,02Off to bed silly fillies
10,02Night all ^_^
night SuperBrony64|Zzz
3And with SB going offline, I'm online
nighty might SB!
3Night SuperBrony64|Zzz!
/me hugs SlurryMoon
/me hugs back
3And Hai guys :3
night SuperBrony64|Zzz
ohai SlurryMoon
10,02By Celestia's Plot, I fully support this video: '<Phase4> DeadpoolDash: http://youtu.be/bdZ1va0AQYc'
lol sb
amazing how few views it has for how old it is
there are others uploads
3x3
lol, top comment (not upvoted) "......how did i﻿ get here?"
http://derpy.me/VXmRD
KetaminaDianePie: i cant make that image larger...
O.O
:O
nooo
wut browser did u use?
firefox
just click on it!
i did
clicking it doesnt work and it fails to load when i click 'upsize'
:(
it wont zoom in in chrome either
it works with mine :(
:(((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
nvm, it does load. just doesnt send me an image
:'(((((((((((((((
http://e621.net/data/45/93/4593d47f8d2ba7c8a670f0bd9d717cf3.png << this is where the image is SUPOSED to be
:O
lol like evrybody from all other chats is active here
wut?
Greetings
ohai FourFire
hey there
you know whats bizare? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reiser4
is there anypony in here Knowlegde able about fanfiction?
I am trying to find all of the completed popular Longfics
heya all
hey!
FourFire: foe, 'its dangerous buisness going out your door', and http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/08/story-within-and-without.html
Ive read two of those
and I have within and without tabbed up
any others?
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/08/story-our-first-steps.html << incomplete but read it, the only other longfics i know are the two vinyl x octavia ones
sorry but I only read complete
i assume you've already got past sins
(I began reading Fo:E when ch 45 was relaesed and I STILL ended up waiting for the afterword)
http://derpy.me/Y5grg does it work now Phase4 ?
yup KetaminaDianePie
:9
FourFire: http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/07/story-off-edge-of-map.html not that long but another good one
/me has read way to much fanfiction
is there any way to DL things from EQD? (PMI)
i'd say yes, depends on what you want
I sure wish that all the chapters of a story could be put into a single doc for us readers who don't like tabbing up to infinity
well gtg thanks for help
np, later FourFire
cya!
http://derpy.me/6wUXd
that derpy xD
remember that one, was on eqd a little while ago
ow
so who's online?
hmm
uhh
me
Morning Everypony
helloooowwwww
morning Cypresswolf
Have you been up all night?
not sure if you meen me or KetaminaDianePie , i havent
pony_8654: i'ma bug you again
me neither.... its 2 pm here
Back but my mouth still hurts
ohai Rainbow-Dash
i meen RainbowCrash
i meen Rainbowjack
*derp*
lol
combo!
:$
ohai VioletGreySha
Hello everyone
helloooo Jim!
/me is making waffles
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vn_V9AwRPXk
hai Jim
hahahahh
WAFFLES?!?!?!?!
DAMN UUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!
now i want waffles too :'(
Waffles?
don't you mean...
CARROTS?
I would love to send you one, but it will probably go bad once the mail reaches you
:(
naaa i think ill just give my waffle friend a call
KetaminaDianePie: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtlaTNI1TaU
You have a waffle friend? :D
AAAAAAAAAA Phase4!
and my waffle/pancake friend doesnt answeeeeeerrrr :[!
KetaminaDianePie: AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
all I have is toast....YEAH Toast! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_aHkrjPo7A
Holy crap it's 5 AM?!
Ponies take up a lot of time...
5am?
alaska?
U.s.
Specifically
us where though, its 8am on the east cost
NEVADA
I don't live on the east coast
didnt relise there was a 3 hour difference, the more you know
Hai thar everypony :3
ohai ScootaChicken
Hello scootaloo!
hai!
Phase4: why did I know that you would be here...
i dont know
Because he's my son
Thunderpony: are you space?
Yes son, now we are a family again.
SpaaaaaaaceeeeeeeE!
Im gonna get more sleep...to early....or I could play FO and raise some hell...
Phase4: you're always here around this time
Ill be back in a few hours
bai Cypresswolf
later cyp
damn
he left
ScootaChicken: this time not so much, its 00:24
normaly in bed by 00:00
wellll....... CYA IM GOING HAVE WAFFLES :D!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
huh.
Am i the only one who would hang out with pinkamena diane pie just to be near her?
later KetaminaDianePie , enjoy waffles
and bai
KetaminaDianePie is usually around at this time as well
hi you
ScootaChicken: i might have been staying up later than normal, but meh
Pinky looks better with straight hair
oahi derpy_pony
ohai'
Thunderpony: :<
What?
no stream?
no stream :(
I guess not
thunderpony : not rly i like her poofy hair
^
allso hai dashiee
Maybe I should join the mods and take some EU stream time
hai :)
it's always so silent here
hi dashiee
ohai dashiee
derpy_pony: your gona have to fight me for it if there are mod applications again
derpy_pony : that would be nice :)
I chose the weapon, you the place
phase4
*psst* Choose space
/me chooses space
space is cool
so we will play chess in space
/me gets some popcorn
my weaponis suprise... and fear. fear and suprise. my two weapons are fear and suprise
hehehehehe
How would pieces stay on the chess board in space?
Jim: magnets
obviously
Of course
these small travel boards with magnetic pieces should do the trick
i dont need to go downstairs to get a drink
He's dead, Jim!
No, he's not. He's just sleeping *pokes him*
Oh, you're right.
mod applications...too bureaucratic...
/me is back with popcorn!
the coices in life! do i go with btrfs to achive compression and use lvm snapshots to overcome bugs or do i not do that
did i miss something?
this is probably the wrong channel for linux discussions
probably
even in a channel for linux discussions this would have only one or two people to give a competent answer
i want more stream
no stream make derpy_pony go crazy
actualy the geek channel hase about 5 people
that are active and know linux
ok
back to pony fanfiction... *grabs dashies popcorn and runs away*
hay!
haha
*munch*
/me gives Dashiee some new popcorn
thanks rainbowjack :)
this is no fun
*gives popcorn back*
no problem
I just realised that my charger wasn't connected to my laptop
yeah, that would make a difference
Noticed it first when it shut down from low battery ^^
that's why i keep the backlight setting on my computer lower when it's running on battery
makes it much more obvious when it drops the A/C cord
I'm MC Historical Inacuracies. I drop lyrical bombs like Hyroshima in '73.
/me hugs MirrorImage
/me hugs jim
He's dead, Jim
oh Rainbow-Dash :)
... well crap
thanks emangamer...
so whats going on this morning?
/me haunts emangamer
I made waffles
WAFFLES!
MirrorImage: you didnt know? I'm secretly a ghostbuster
its 00:42 friday here
Ohai whatever nationality Phase4 is that has already been awake
Who you gonna call? emangamer !
/me is Australian
G'day Mate!
/me slays Phase4
its almost 3 in the day
/me is slain
/me casts reanimate on Phase4
emantrollslayer: but... but your a troll slayer :'(
/me revives Phase 4
/me slays Phase4 again....for shits and giggles
/me calls out in heavy's voice 'MEDIC!!!"
/me uses phoenix down on Phase4
:'( :'( :'( :'(
/me got better
/me casts rise from the grave on Phase4
Mr. Crowley, what went wrong in your head?
:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
Oh, Mr Crowley, did you talk to the dead?
Kammerjunk: dat song
Kammerjunk: are you implying somethign?
funny thing about australia, you know how you hear its full of spiders?
emanCrowley: Your life style to me seemed so tragic, with the thrill of it all.
thats not entirely untrue
Phase4 - it's not a bunch of little spiders, it's one "holy crap that's a big ass spider" spider?
suddenly activity
You fooled all the people with magic.
Phase4: no, I hear its full of deserts, kangaroos, and koalas
You waited on Satan's call.
emanCrowley: that too
Phase4: <3
Australia, the place where spiders are so large they've got a hp-bar
mfw I saw emantrollslayer
emangamer: wub
well shit, time to hide
I'm MC Canadian Sterotype
Please pardon me while I get off the ice
I'm sadly not a stereotype.
my house is full of these things http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Redback_spider
/me hugs ScootaChicken "You know I wub woo <3"
I'm just another brick in the wall.
there under the house, not inside
Omagawd D:
though there is one on the roof
dude_that's_creepy.mp3
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Redbackwithlizard2.JPG
if my house had these spiders I would be fine with it: http://s3-ak.buzzfed.com/static/imagebuzz/web02/2009/1/13/12/anigif_now-its-even-cu-4856-1231868931-6_preview.gif
Phase4: Just about everything in Australia is trying to kill you
ScootaChicken: my cat isnt
ScootaChicken: but, I'm not in australia, and I've killed him twice
thats why he's a zombie now
ORISIT?
It's plotting
ScootaChicken: *dramatic face*
I could kill him again and bring him back to life where he isn't a zombie if you want
ScootaChicken - i believe that's why australia was initially a british penal colony
Australia- the land of cut throats and pickpockets
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Huntsman_spider these are the ones you get inside the house
grrr... i need to find a way to turn off "hit esc to close window" in this program...
Phase4: Dude. That's terrifying.
British prisoners sendt there to die from the wildlife, but they kicked the wildlife's ass. Something like that?
what program?
anyone streaming?
teehee MirrorImage, 'penal'
ScootaChicken - as in prison
MirrorImage: What are you using?
ScootaChicken: teehee... penis
I know.
Kammerjunk - Trillian
Kammerjunk: what do you meen terrifying? there not toxic and they keep the spiders out
But I'm British, I make these connections
esc is a hot key to close a messenger window
I like Trillian. She's a nice gal.
ScootaChicken: I can make connections about you from the face you are british, but you might not like them
I'm not happy Bob. Not happy.
I wish I had a knife that toasts toast..
like the fact that ScootaChicken smells like really greasy food because he is british
In hell the food is british...get over it
Kammerjunk: i meen fly;s, not spiders
its 1am, i;m allowed to derp
emangamer: you are a proper wanker.
Phase4: Still terrifying.
I like British breakfast. I have no idea what you guys eat for the other meals.
And dearly, my Frank, I don't damn a give.
^
ScootaChicken: http://images.icanhascheezburger.com/completestore/2008/12/21/128743725718248265.jpg
I like how there is like nothing up here in the nature that's dangerous for me.
Kammerjunk: umm.... I think you might have made a mistake there
emangamer: Hi dear. I'm Frank. Give Nathan a donut.
/me eats said donut
COME AT ME BRO
Frankly, my damn, I don't give a dear.
Frankly, my Frank, I dont Frank a Frank
Really? Nopony's seen The Life & Times of Ronald Reagan?
Spitting ImagE?
Omage*
Image**
goddammit
i havent
/me inb4 GODDAMMITDARIBOT
I rule daribot. He cannot defeat me.
emangamer: upload that picture to imgur, school internet blocks it
I am daribot.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australian_funnel-web_spider << this is one of the more dangerous spiders but you dont get them were i live
I am that I am.
/me emanDariBot
/me slays Kammerjunk
emangamer was kicked from BronyState (douchebaggery)
I am ded.
Not big surprise.
ScootaChicken: is tinypic alright?
Tinypic hates my guts.
Can't blame it.
emanDariBot: prolly.
ScootaChicken: Just use a proxy.
Don't let the Man get you down, man.
I am glad the largest spiders we have here is like 2 cm wide
http://imgur.com/vHkwW
/me brings Kammerjunk down
i should be in bed but pony
I see what you did there.
Phase4: Pony is always a valid excuse.
Silly sleep.
Sleep is for the weak and ponyless
Phase4: http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_li7xl4COKI1qafrh6.jpg
jim : agree
eMangamer: exactly
And tired.
/me hugs #bronystate
inb4 NO advertising channels
/me hugs emangamer
/me hugs emangamer.
emangamer: It's an official channel.
This is what you should be doing Phase4 http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/244/732/8fe.gif
http://mlfw.info/f/661/
Can't hear yah. Ah'm asleep.
Jim: MY GOD...that mouth
http://imageshack.us/photo/my-images/4/collectiveinternethug.jpg/sr=1
she snored like AJ
Rainbowjack: Exactly.
Rainbowjack: thats becausee she IS AJ
/me hugs emangamer collectivly
SPOILER ALERT
emangamer: They ARE apple pie!
like DUH i know that :P
AJ kills RainbowDash with Rosebud
wat
inb4 whats Rosebud?
emangamer: isnt it the sled?
Phase4: SPOILER
thats what the internet keeps telling me
GAH....
I don't know what's going on, and frankly, my dear, I don't give a Sam.
http://xkcd.com/109/
and then it turns out they are both Tyler Durdan
wat
/me hands Kammerjunk a Sam "Here, have mine"
Yugi spoiled that one for me
Jim: Oh, I have a Sam. But I don't give one.
And now you have two, so you can give away one
confound my new ipv6, it breaks youtube and xkcd
Yay! Only 10 XKCD comics to a round number!
Kammerjunk: ikr
http://pageslap.files.wordpress.com/2010/05/4647_damn-xzibit-always-ruining-the-ending.jpeg
wat
nvm, convinced it to work
Consarnit, Xzibit.
hmm
bollocks
Yeeees?
SPOILEr ALART
ohai pony_716130
that's better...
i assume theres a nick problem
there it is
I can't stop listening to Mr. Crowley anymore.
alright I'm off to lessons now
so bai
Bye ScootaChicken
ScootaChicken: Have fun, then.
later ScootaChicken
Valê.
emangamer is a douche.
Just super saiyan.
Jim: that was mean
ScootaChicken: ;___;
do you not wub me
</3
Valedico Kammerjunk
yay
What did I do, you know I wub you! <3
ScootaChicken: ;__;
Jim: You ruined the ending!
BUT I WUB WOO ScootaChicken
emangamer: you've insulted my countries culinary abilities for the last time.
/me hugs Scootachicken
I didn't want to do this, but these came in the mail for you
and my body odor.
Seriously.
/me hands ScootaChicken the divorce papers
What do they even eat for dinner in England?
Kammerjunk: not English food
For all I know, it could be bark and leaves.
fish and chips
we eat fission chips
Food, in general I would suppose
ScootaChicken: there, you want out? that's your chance
my brain is to afsjaice for this chat
emangamer: not gonna work, already engaged to RAWRity.
ScootaChicken: I see what you did there.
LOL...fission chips
night #BronyState
Good night Phase4
ScootaChicken: but we are still married
night Phase4
nope.
first it was LC
ScootaChicken: how....how long has this been going on?
now RAWRity
so yep.
Imma leave now.
Do ho ho, that slaps ne on the knee.
RAWRity is my waifu.
bye ScootaChicken...I will always love you, no matter what.
Hey, do you ponies know what the best tea EVER is?
RAWRity can't be your waifu.
Kammerjunk: sweet tea?
emangamer: Earl goddamn Grey.
RAWRity has colt parts donchaknow?
ScootaChicken: <3
Rarity can, however, be your otto.
/me is still MC Canadian Steriotype
I'm not sure if that's the correct word, but I'm guessing.
dont you know? ScootaChicken is RAWRity's mistress
RAWRity*
I am so slow.
Oh, look at Derpy! http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/223/289/lMjMl.gif
/me slaps Jim
/me is slapped
Do ho ho, that slaps me on the knee.
Not with an arrow. Go away.
/me hugs Kammerjunk
/me then plunges an arrow into his HEART
ohgodwhy
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/masonry/000/220/000/130465998569.gif
Now would be a really good time to have two hearts.
/me hands Kammerjunk his heart
/me dies
Oh, gee. Thank you for that.
What a nice colt.
/me replaces the heart with the one in his chest.
So, uh... Have fun with dying and all.
I'm going to read some fanfics.
Kammerjunk|Reading: may I make a suggestion?
Shoot.
Why has it become a habit for me to check the very last line for Bel Air, Walk the Dinosaur, et cetera?
...It's not Grimdark, is it?
Because that could save you a lot of time
Kammerjunk|Reading: not really
Kammerjunk|Reading: it has maybe 2 dark sections and they dont even get all that dark
Ah dun' take kahnleh t' grimdark on these 'ere parts, boi.
Kammerjunk|Reading: trust me, the ending is MORE than worth it
ohokay
it has such a satisfying ending.
But first, I SPILL MY DRINK.
GAY
So I'm going to need more tea.
I hate when that hapens
You like tea, don't you Squidward? http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/215/075/tumblr_lrdlvtwwQ31qidxg0.png
You like cider, dont you RainboDash?
anypony have any good music
something with ponies
maybe kinda sad?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKZ4Lv0kujQ&feature=BFa&list=PL4784E8EFC23F6075&lf=results_main
Erm
Hey
Since when did a MLP episode come out on a thursday?!
!cd
Episode 17 of season 2 "Hearts and Hooves Day" airs in 2 days, 1 hours, 8 minutes, 25 seconds (Feb 11 2012 15:30:00 GMT)
Its already up on youtube?!
What?!
My friends.
It was a leak.
If you are a true brony, wait until Saturday.
But but but :(
its on youtube what?
Im away on saturday i cant see it then
Well, don't post a link to it here, I don't want to see it yet
Okay my link lips are seeled :)
Again, if you're a true brony. Wait until Saturday, like I am. :)
No such thing as a true brony. We are all bronies together :P
What's more awesome? Watching it with two of your friends, or watching it with 1,000 or even more of your like-minded bronies here on Bronystate and its sibling theatre channels?
i wanna watch it ........ but i cant ..... but i rly .... no i'll wait ........... but but ............... sigh
TEA
So I decided to just take the keddle with me upstairs.
I watched it
Can I have some water? *holds up teacup with earl grey teabag*
what's the problem?
How did it get leaked anyways? :/
apple ejaculated prematurely
Starlight: Mine! ALL MINE!
.. *GASP!*
Instead of a Dark Lord, you will have an Earl!
*places hoof on Kettle* I'M touching your kettle, KAMMER!
Actually, because you have such good taste in tea, you can have the Luna-damn water.
Thank you.
/me pours steaming hot water into Starlight's teacup.
/me lets it steeps.
/me sips. Ah, good tea.
I want scootaloo as a pet
wow sweetiebelle singing is AMAZING ........ that makes me want to see it full
/me gets a glass of zap apple cider and sips it
I'm back from the library
wb egghead
Welcome back
I saw Twilight there, so FUCK YOU
true story bro
yeah 2 eggheads you can make scrabled eggs
I am very jelly
besides, I'm not an egghead
I'm a nerd
/me whispers softly "egghead"
/me whispers softly "STFU"
/me hugs Emangamer "i am sorry " and gives some zap apple cider
/me is drunk
HAHA good one
Hey, guishe...check thish hout
Druk at the library is the best kind of drunk
/me attempts to do a backflip
/me dies
/me uses phoenix down on emangamer n
/me uses Phoenix down on Emangamer
/me stays ded
lol
/me pours some zap apple cider into Eman
You guys forget that Pheonix Downs dont work then the blood has too much of a BAC
/me twitches, but stays ded
Great, cure boose with more boose, sounds legit
^
lets get zacora she will be hungry by now umm... i mean she might have a cure
Nopony is getting gobbled today
who knew?
According to who?
The movie that he starred in
I'm not actualy sure If I've seen that movie, which is it?
man this chat is ded
It's still early in the day
Not that many people are on yet
Greetings
I might as well ask again
will the mare-a-thon be streamed on brony state?
ohai Amras0000
I think it will, yes.
you'd have to ask whoever is streaming that day
i think Sumica is the episode streamer?
Well I think I am going to continue to work on coloring in my drawing
hopefully It will look better than my spike one
I believe someone said that they would stream it, can't remember who
have fun emangamer
this will be my first one where I try to do something origional instead of just copying straight from the show
sweet I got the Dovahcore helmet in Skyrim
The Dovahcore helmet, what's that?
helmet made from the space core from Portal 2
Awesome ^^
Afternoon any and everypony.
hello
Hi Meanwhile
Had a feeling it'd be rather uncrowded at this hour.
Yeah, usualy is quiet at these times
Still, that's fairly irrelevant.
hnnnnnnnng sweetiebelle MUST sing more ^_^
So apparently the new episode got leaked because of an Itunes goof?
I heard, not goint to watch it though before saturday
i olny heard the song
There's a song?
only*
My week is looking up.
yup
sweetiebelle singing
So I was watching some conspiracy theories about Illuminati.
You have no idea how fun that is.
Oh my, I can't wait for the new episode now ^^
But I will
You must. YOU MUST!
You must...
Conspiracy theories in general are pretty hilarious.
ok I'm back
what'd I miss?
That they are. I especially love the pyramid-eye-dollar-bill one.
i want to watch it now but i dont want to watch it now
dashiee: I know that feel.
You missed my dynamic entry.
i did a big mistake listening to that song!!!
just love this song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIPOeXQ793Q&feature=related
Just remember to not spoil anything.
Or feel the ever present wrath of the banhammer.
Fighting is Magic will be great :)
jim :eeyup
Whenever I see the word "banhammer", I can't help of thinking about Doomhammer from the Warcraft universe.
yeah it will be if it also hit the Xbox or the PS 3
Rainbowjack: not very likely
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDzZH54-nao&feature=channel_video_title
Seeing the word Doomhammer made me think about Orgrim Doomhammer from Warcraft.
banhammer AKA HAMER OF DAWN
Dat Gray of War referance.
kto polaks?
gears of war :P
polak
There should be a Skyrim mod where you can enchant warhammers to ban NPCs, as in delete them instantly
I call it Gray of War because that's one of the only two colours in those games.
That and brown.
I think the Banhammer should be renamed to Mjölnir
the Sword of a 1000 bans
i laught my ass off when some one showed me the MLP mod for skyrim
Yeah but Mjolnir has it's own place in stories.
Please rate this music http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDzZH54-nao&feature=channel_video_title
So I searched "I Can see Clearly Now" on YouTube.
Meanwhile: and? it can make an even better story here
YouTube: Where every song is by Bob Marley.
it clips
emangamer: think of something original instead.
The only mod I have for Skyrim right now removes the time limit between dragon encounters. It's a lot more fun trying to fight 3 at once.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E6XVF81B280&lc=H4v-mUSJALZt5niThuTyyUw6wwy9SJrZ7PgW-KXTx8Q&context=G2e3946dFAAAAAAAAAAA&feature=g-all-c they invaded us NOO!!!
but just shows you that we bronies are just normal PPL
They are.
alright everypony I must
go
bye everyone
/me hugs all of #bronystate
YOU GO!
bywe bye :(
Perfect timing by me.
One does not simply care about random..Finnish? Polish? news shows.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BDzZH54-nao&feature=channel_video_title
Rainbowjack: Dat Brony rapporter.
i saw this on tv
You linked that a minute ago Scar
Why did I just capitalise brony?
i was like WTF
Well Kammerjunk, you capitalised it because Mushrooms.
BOOKS
babababababa-she-sheshseshesshe- mamamamamamama
/me whaps Moshakra with a newspaper.
"Well, we weren't allowed to film the meetup, so we did it anyway."
lol
I love that there are 77 people in chat and about 6 that say anything.
"My conclusion of today, bronies are much happier than we are really"
Meanwhile - such is the way of the IRC
few talk, hundreds listen
Such is the way or lurkers you mean.
Hey, does anypony know where I can see where Danish lies on the this-language-is-so-goddamn-hard-to-learn scala?
Hey everypony just wanted to drop by and see what's going on.
Hide the porn!
Hi Toy
TOY_PON3: Oh heus.
TOY_PON3 - same as ever
Nothing much. Et tu?
Heya TOY_PON3.
Got school :(
going to play some TF2
I like school.
ohai TOY_PON3
It has BOOKS.
have fun Rainbow-Dash
I used to play TF2
I NEED MORE BOOKS.
Meanwhile: But then you took a Huntsman in the knee.
then you took a RAINBOW in the knee?
i mean, have fun Rainbowjack
Actually I just gradually stopped playing it.
I should go now bye guys lol
Bye TOY_PON3
Valê, TOY_PON3. Have fun.
bye TOY_PON3
I was going to play TF2 this morning, but then pony.
Pony is best excuse.
Pony is a valid excuse for anything
If I'm ever called for Jury duty that's what I'm going tosay.
I wish one of my teachers was a brony.
Haha
Did you ask them all Kammer?
I could say that I didn't do my homework over the weekend because the new episodes was out.
Hi everypony
That'd be a lie, of course. Twilight would scold me mentally if I didn't do my homework.
Hello Purple`Prose
Meanwhile: Not... as such, no.
PResumably they have work emails, send them episode links.
I wonder, I will be conscriped to the army this fall, I wonder what they'll say if I say "But I want to stay at home and watch ponies instead!"
Everyone! I bring news thaat yoy may or may not have heard!
I did, however, do essays taking place in Equestria.
Leaked episode Gumri?
yah
DO NOT WANT
Heard about it, will not watch it before Saturday
^
I'm just about to watch it because otherwise i will run into spoilers.
You can't run into spoilers if you stand still.
I don't want to stand still though
But seriously, does anypony know where I can see where Danish lies on the this-language-is-so-goddamn-hard-to-learn scala?
XD
You will stand there and you will like it!
No!
/me hits Gumri with a moped.
Ima go watch episode naow, bye bye. :3
gumri listen to the song only that what i did will make me wait for 2 days
er 1 day XD
I can't wait for the showing on Saturday when every 2nd sentence in mane chat "omg guyz you know the episode was leaked? lolz"
Which is one of the reasons I'm not active in #bronystate or one of the Mane 6 rooms on Saturdays.
This is quite interesting, I wonder if there will be as many people in the livestream as usual
I wonder if we'll still have the same kind of crowds.
Or BMN, for that matter.
Ikr Kammer.
Instead, I go to hide from all you crazy bronies.
You're all oatmeal.
Hide.
Smooth job.
dnt worry they will all come i am sure
Oatmeal is good meal.
Yeah, oatmeal is pretty good.
I eat it at mornings.
why dont the other rooms work?
They are disabled
The mane 6 rooms are now only used during Mane Showings.
They only work during the Saturday streams now
why?
Something about not having enough mods
cause they lack mods
oh.....ok
:)
So my friend apparently turned into a conspiracy looney.
The lunatic is on the grass...
/me crys what shall i do to stay away from the episode till saturday?
dashiee: Live under a rock.
/me hands dashiee a ball on a string.
It's cozy. You'll like it.
Play with this.
i think i'll go finish my homework :|
Did mine already.
Good luck
I suddenly realised I haven't eaten all day.
meanwhile : XD
I GO. -Briefly, to aquire consumables.
You shall abscond!
Apparently, I still have an essay to do.
So I'm going to play some TF2.
That's the spirit!
I'm not really concerned. It's just an essay, I don't even spend half a day on those, and I still get what amounts to an A+ in the word scale.
letter scale*, even.
The amount of food I have has been...increased I suppose since double nothing is still nothing >_>
So I'm probably going to protest against ACTA the 25th.
I love protesting.
There's a protest for that now?
It warms the cockles of my heart.
Oh yeah, plenty of them.
I was just going to wait for it to pass and then join the inevitable civil war that'd follow.
That sounds like fun, but I don't have any guns.
Implying I do?
Well, civil wars are no fun without guns.
Untrue, think of the room for creativity.
...Arson?
-_-
What?
You are the least imaginative person ever.
I hear that a lot.
:P
But I do love the smell of gunpowder in the morning.
Oh what the fudge!
That display driver update moved all my desktop icons! That bastard!
I know that feel, man.
Happens to me every time I go to a LAN party with my desktop computer.
It's sacred god damnit.
It's all because of my two screens.
I wanna duel someone here
You just don't move someones icons.
Do ponies know how to duel?
With a rapier?
With a childrens card game
In my headcanon, Luna fences
is that close enough?
Oh, no. I gave my card game collection to a charity shop.
Does she look like gagaga girl?
3 God cards included.
God cards are shucks
Shmucks*
Also hilariously OP.
are for shmucks* ?
Not really
They kinda died after the season they arrived
But still. I stopped caring about card games around the time GX came out.
Then you missed all the good cards
I never got into Yu-Gi-Oh. I was more of a Magic the Gathering type
Your opinion is as irrelevant as it is poor and Irish.
I forget the name but there was a card recently added that negates the effects of other monsters, spells and traps as soon as it's summoned.
Effectivly opening the god cards to a can a whoop plot
Heheh...plot
Shut down the wrong window >_>
Plot
Speaking of plot, Pulp Fiction is rather confusing.
Grimdark, no ty.
Right, i run ninjas now.
NINJAS!
the hell?
YGO
I'm talking about it
/me is watching Friendship is Witchcraft
NINJAS
so has anyone else seen the Skyrim Game Jam video?
I have not
k, after the game was finished, the devs were basically given 1 week and told "do whatever you want, but add it to Skyrim"
just proof of concept stuff...
not sure if want... http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=AYOFLqItuW4#t=272s
Im kinda afraid to click youtube links at the moment
did i miss much
Cypresswolf: why?
brony4life - this week's episode got leaked
There's a leaked episode, do not want
spoilers abound
Rarity. Is. A. LADY.
I already watched the episode
Not the best
But ok
well many of us haven't
Not from what i saw...
heard about the leak. dont want spoilers.
Infact, dont even visit the post about the leak!
It's on youtube already, about 67 percent of the fanbase should have seen it by now
And i think the post on EQD was deleted
I havent & I wont until it officaily airs saturday
is it an entire episode or is it juslt like one scene?
the only post on EQD i noticed about it was "Yes, we know there was a leak. No, we're not going to talk about it. Shut up."
on ED right now, and its still there
yeah, that post is still there too
Entire ep
oh
i can wait till it airs
yeah, it got on iTunes yesterday somehow
the whole 22 minutes...I ddint watch any of it, just checked to varify truth
They did it
and i'm sure there's a version or two floating around youtube
They may claim accident, but i call crap.
I feel they did that on purpose
evidently The Last Roundup isn't on iTunes atm, so people think that somehow they released this episode by accident instead of TLR
I would have thought they wouldn't post that due to the whole derpy thing
is it still on itunes or did they remove it?
if derpy goes away, Hasbro is going to lose a lot more customers than they would appease by changing it
people that hate on derpy must die
Well… (nope. no spoilers)
is anyone streaming
oh my MirrorImage, all those things would be so epic in skyrim!
I think not alexxm
ok thanks Jim
oh shit i got a midterm today
DX
I still dont see what the fuss is about over Derpy. The voice was a derp, true, but that's all about her character. Her eyes were an animation mistake and look at what came of that
New episode is epic
Derpy is the brony contribution to the show I doubt they'll get rid of her
BB all
All the episodes are epic!
Some episodes are more epic than others!
bye Rainbow-Dash
gawd, tab fail
bye rainbowjack
byr rainbow jack
Well, in place of videos today, I shall post - Pony Personality Test - for those that havent seen it - http://www.bronyland.com/pony-personality-test/
...
BOOKS
Mr. Crowley, won't you ride my white horse?
Mr. Crowley, it's symbolic of course.
mornin` :)
....are the mods asleep?
Salvê.
Mods are asleep.
Post humans.
^_^
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/128543
That muffin ^^
Cupcakes > Muffins.
You don't see anypony making decorations of muffins.
Cupcakes it is!
on muffins*
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/128252?search=cupcakes
I'm scared to click that link, but I'll do it anyway.
o_O
dat marshmellow cupcake
Oh, that's much better than what I thought.
I'm going to go take a bath and get my mind out of the gutter.
Not in any particular order.
I swear, I can't type commands for my life.
So I GO!
Have fun
Ah. Ha ha ha. Ha ha.
Im gonna post that one again later when the mods are on ^_^
Ayup everypony.
ohai Globetrotter
What's everypony up to?
Hi all !
hi Yellowquiet
/me gives everypony a big lovely hug
/me is watching Friendship is Witchcraft
Who else is watching the Hub right now?
I don't have the Hub
i dont have the Hub :(
hi yellow
awww man that has to suck
I don't have the Hub either.
hi alexxm
I'm a lazy Brit
england dosen't have the hub
like i said thatsucks
Luxemburg either
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/128023?search=Daring_Do
/me uses Masterball
worth it
what do u guys think of this pmv http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIyWWrEY0T4
^ Aw, Isn't that cute ^_^ BUT ITS WRONG :[
http://mlp.wikia.com/wiki/Daring-Do
The real word is derrring-do.
what kind of music do you guys like i m bored of my music need something new
derring-do*
Daring Do is right though?
The real word is
but this is a play on words
It's still wrong, because it's meant to be the real word.
Like, I'm going to clap your sock
Daring-do is what people say when they get derring-do wrong.
ok back same question again what kind of music do you like ?
Okay then
It's not a play on words, real word derring-do already means brave feats.
...Daring...O_o Why is the floor so crunchy?
Yellowquiet deathmetal
black metal
melodeath
jazz
xD
to much screaming but jazz is nice
hi thar'
wich band ?
0,14oh hai everyone
ohai saxy
ohai saxy and ofna01
Hai Saxy
i just got on XD
Either way, it just annoys me because now people are going to assume that the real word is daring-do, and it's not.
That's wrong. :/
It's not screaming Yellowquiet
wat
^_^ ....so tempted to post....I wont though :)
/me rugbyhugs SaxyPretender
the only metel i listen to is Korn System of a down and faith no more
/me rugbyhugs ofna01 next
/me is rugbyhugged
metal *
/me thanks
Toast is metal
/me falcon punches globe
FALCON,PAAUNCH
/me dead
show me your moves!
Its an Ask Daring Do tumblr question - What is the most dangerous adventure you ever went on?
Now why did you do that? You've made a mess.
lol
/me hands globe a mop
your body your mess
/me mops up his own crippled body
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/126949?search=Daring_Do
i am so bored of my 9 GB music XD
9 GB music?
00,10lol they are trying the old emale schemes again
how about 10 gb pony episode
i hab 9 Gb full of music
dat short round
Gigabyte
have *
Trying to find a google search with only one result. :<
well that was a short midterm
derp
midterm?
here's one dari
http://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=dsgsjhkg&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8
hiya guys, what's up?
hiya ota
00,10Why would a man with a doctorate be working on roads in germany
Hello otakon
what?
i've got a black screen
That gives no results for me ofna01.
ohai otakon
trololol
No stream you muppet otakon
That gives 1 result for me
:o
0,14that's a...big link
yesh
someone stream pl0x?
Globetrotter: um, when did I ask if there was a stream. Also, did you call me a muppet?
thats what she said
XD
And then I showed the chat my big link
Sorry, I mixed up otakon and ofna01
0,14eh, I've sene bigger
:<
0,14*seen
lmao
0,14XD
lol dat disconnect
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/125767?search=Daring_Do
inb4 that's what she said
dat cow
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20IZn5_0sgs
nope
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJP1DphOWPs
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/125504?search=Daring_Do
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wv19NG1s1Gs lol dat epic mlp name
i want pony desert rock *.*
NOOOPE
chuck testa
Nope, ofna01
chuck testa
somone here who plays desert rock ?
0,14...So. It seems there's going to be a video game based off the Battleship movie.
Yeah, apparently.
theres a BATTLESHIP movie ???
0,14yep
0,14with Liam neeson
a game named "Battleships" nowai
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/125820?search=Daring_Do
With Liam Neeson?
well
Might give it a look.
like A6 , you sunk my Battleship .... MOVIE ?
Battleship movie? Let me know when Monopoly comes out :D
this Battleship game is supposed to be mixed FPS and RTS elements
Cypresswolf: that's Wall Street you foo
true...hmm...Angry Birds...nope, Hitchcock did that all ready...
lets make 4 in a row , the cinematic trilogy
or actually do the minesweeper movie
0,14you know, if Hasbro's looking to capitalize off the tons of money they made from Transformers with Battleship
true
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/125263?search=Daring_Do
0,14I think the next franchise they should movie-ize should be...
but Transformers should have been called
SHIT BLOWS UP WITH some robots AND SHIA LeBOUF!
00,10operation!
yep
0,14or Nerf
lol i still have my old nerf guns
0,14...actually, a Nerf movie would be pretty interesting
the commercials are actually good
for nerf
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LHY8NKj3RKs Minesweeper , for whom it may concern
0,14yep
00,10Nah they already have the nerf video game
0,14true
how about an operation movie
and it sucked *censored*
QUICK,WE MUST REMOVE HIS APPENDIX
0,14Operation movie would be pretty neat
DONT TOUCH THE SIDES,OR IT'LL MAKE A BUZZING NOISE!
Ok, got a delivery to pick up so 1 more
with mick foley as the doctor
0,14...
0,14YES
NOPE
what were u saying yes about
chuck norris
0,14Mick FOley as the Doctor
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/124981?search=Daring_Do - this tops bunny suit, right?
So everyone who took the bronyland personality quiz, who did you get?
Fluttershy>Applejack>Other 3>Rainbow Dash
in order to most like to least
I only count once so you're fluttershy
Off I go
I got Twilight and Applejack, slightly more Twilight though
0,14I got RD for some strange reason
see u cyprus
full on Twilight,average rainbow , below average rarity and fluttershy , just a hint of pinky and no applejack
I got applejack and rainbow dash equally, then twi, then pinkie , then rarity and then fluttershy
last three bleow average
twi just above and AJ and RD full on
derp
herp
RD>FlutterShy>Pinkie>Applejack>Twi>Rarity
DZFHXJZFSN
SCARED ME
Ohai everypony & cat
i was getting something off my screen and i was close to the screen
/me rugbyhugs Starflash
yesh
I'm batman
baaatmaaan!
THank you Sumica!
pinkie is batman
STFU
I love this ep!
batman
ohai Starflash
and The Penguin, damn classy villain
00,10I have some runing around to do but I can put somthing up before I leave ^_^
Penguin
Ohai Globetrotter, Jim~
Robin!
once again, thank you Sumica!
:)
fail
http://i.imgur.com/A4GoH.jpg
00,10uuuuhhahhhh
pewpewpewpew
can somepony tell me why there's a new mlp epi on thursday =.= woddefo
wait,what?
00,10itunes messed up
Wait, it was a mistake?
OWWW
00,10yes
that must've hurt
It's a leak, I wouldn't watch it before Saturday anyways
dayum.
D:
the batmobile!
dununununununnununununununun BATMAN!.
is wreked
COuldn't resist
Sorry
00,10My bet is they ment to reupload the last round up
Sumica: agreed
oh lol.
bumbumtssss
batcycles!
cycleees
00,10to the bat mecanic!
he ALMOST said shot to hell
The ast roundup was the one that offended the idiots right?
00,10yeah
last round up*
well at least they didn't accidentally put up something from season 3...
brony4life: yh, with the ever lovable Derpy
brony4life : eeyup
penguin
Percival, nice name
one good reason: Ponies
good enuf Jim
he looks retarded XD
It's a duck
it IS a duck
reverse autobaun how does that work can you go as slow as you want or as fast as you want backwards?
doctor_whooves127: not THAT autobaun
aww
doctor_whooves127 o, u so silly
and we soon see why the Penguin is a ass
O_o
00,10gonna need another duck
Sumica: indeed
and he NEVER asked where the duck goes
uded
LOL
eeyup
LOLOLOLOLOLOL
well, he MIGHT survive
Excuuuuuse me princess.
dat bloodshot eye
dun dun DUUUUN
big boom
goodbye earl
penguin want big boom
:3
They just finished it, huh
awesome timing
POP
Oh no, now he has to change the tire, bummer
flippin
that's Donatello!
lol
pinnochio'
it's Donatello from the TMNT 90's animated show!
Umbrella weapons made by the umbrella corp.
too late, he has MORALS
dat bat bug
and NO ELSE NOTICES IT!
derp
00,10the bat jalopy
Your car, give it to me!
ALL the techno babble!
i want the batmobile
00,10that's alot of hood
Finding a parking spot with the batmobile must be hell
which episode is this
i saw someone driving a Mach 5 in my town
god it was awesome
THE batman?
its just batman
can you name another one? :P
00,10in the /basement/
ofna01: in the 00's remake it was THE BATMAN
ah
At night!
Applejack: hint, hint
drivin a car
got ham
AT NIGHT
0,14No one cuts off the Batman!
he might as well mooned him
lol
Got some ham at night.
IT'S A TRAP!
Sumica: do you have that one ep with the Joker and the schlub?
schlub?
wtf?
00,10I have all the eps
Sumica: sweet!
Penguin sappin' mah batmobile!
00,10and yes I showed that one a couple weeks back
lol Why are we watching Batman?
why not?
00,10why not?
why not
lol

Wrong button.
FIST SMACK
oh hey, batman
No they don't
They really don't.
too late
Globetrotter: maybe not NOW but this was in the 90's, almost 20 years ago
ohmygod
00,10why not make the ac button override the override?
spah sappin mah batmobile
this was almost 20 YEARS ago!
Can you believe the '90s were twenty years ago?
overrideception?
ththththats all folks
I feel old. :/
makes you feel like an old fart, doesn't it?
damn Earl's strong
yes it does
It does.
IMPOSSIBRU
yes blind the man with the gun
F u hostage , im batman
batmans a good pilot
AWESOME
Nice car
you can actually do that irl
Where does he keep all the bullets?
he is a horrible shot
robin to da rescue
Jim, specialty umbrella
No no no.
sonic?
Oh no you didn't!
oh yes he did
"dual accelerators?"
ok, he's just technobabbling there
no clue....
LOL PENGUIN
00,10fuel injected turbo?! engins dont work that way.
what about the atomic engine
LOLOLOLOLOL
He mad
He broke it.
D:
goodie
Goes out of his paycheck then
the fanservice ep!
what paycheck
he's in jail jim
hiya
hiya bug
this episode is practically all cheesecake
oh, they actually pay inmates where I live.
0,14Haryley Quinn ep? YESSSSSS
joker would set the world on fire,just to watch it all burn
mark haimail is best joker
WHO PUT THAT HILL THERE?!
I'LL HAVE HIS HEAD!
that's quiate a barrel
LOL
LOLOL
LOLOLOL
>.>
lol
i would have knocked joker out by now
lol can't reverse a car going forwards.
trollolol
dork knight
You'll bother up your tranny.
I return, and mods.
Did he say the "dork knight" ?
I always leave at the worst times.
yep
I thought he was gonna hit her
same
He wouldn't do that
She's pregnant
Vivix: it's hinted at in the show
true
Shock!
Thunderpony: enope, infertile too
in arkham city too
But he would throw her out.
Awww
In arkham city you find a pregnancy test next to her clothing it comes out positive
sad harley is sad
It's hinted she's pregnant in the game
Ahh
lol wtf
how much canonity do the various batman things share?
alot
well brb
god damn ninja
boo
good
maybe
She said "plots." :D
whats on stream?
Vivix: the animated show is kind of seperate from the rest of the univers
batman
lolwut?
Whats on the stream?
crap
damn irc not updating
unfoundbug - Batman TAS
>IRC needs updated
alarms' already sprung
Tinkerbelle?
wat wat wat?
what IS she stealing?
it's Poison Ivy
no clue
O_O
LOL
0,14ahh, Harley and Ivy
Harlivy?
SaxyPretender: yh, this is like a fanfic ep
NO,YU FREEZE
This is not Heart and Hooves day
0,14XD
0,14Jokes and Oaks
mean
nice SaxyPretender
LOL
"Stop in the name of the la-AH!"
I am the law!
oh,THAT ca
dat Citizen Kane reference
/me is back :)
man they run FAST
noob cops
harleys accent is hilarious
caa
staap in da name of da laah
hey dashie
no wonder batman has to do all the work
Stop! in the naame of love
no
Before you break my heart!
Because you shoot me in the face.
i hate shots too
Oooh
...dem implications
bow chicka bow wow
dat plot
door mat
0,14Bruce Timm: Introducing the concept of Les Yay to kids in the 90s
Burn!
like I said, it's alluded he beats her on a regulaf basis
Harley Welcome Quinn
almost everythign sai there sounded like "Youre a slut"
"female slef-esteem" hur hur hurrr
SaxyPretender: Chercez Le Femme?
femme fatale
LOL
0,14...je ne entendre
A WOMAN? HERE?!?
lol
poison joke?
A WOMAN!?
i swear one said the the sh**
What does she know?
what the sh**
kinky...
RRRRAPE
they're assholes
Since when did poison ivey care about what men only did?
I've seen enough Hentai
to know where this is going
UGH brb
lol
ota
sorry
going to the trophy rrom
Who took that picture?
someone was gonna say it
lol, and the press reporter's first thought is "quick, take the picture"
*spittake*
oh god, i thought that said "rape plant"
lol
this is going too far now
LOLOLOL
i did too
"Now pose for the newspaper while you rob this vault!"
'awwww
WHERE ARE THEIR PANTS
im not used to seeing her like that
Afterglow dinner
salad
happy face
lol
stab
0,14sad fact: this is more or less the case in abusive relationships
she stabbed joker
This makes no sense
you have just now realized neither of them were wearing pants in that scene
LOL
I realised that earlier.
MirrorImage: seen it
hur hur hurr
worry about pants first joker
dat Mark Hamill
no socks
mark hamil is best joker
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
Khaaaaaaan
KHAAAN!
aspdok
dat hot pink convertablie
Oh lord
Mr. J can eat dinosaur droppings for all I care!
0,14Poison Ivy is best bro
inb4RPG
yh
The hardy boys_
BOOM HEADSHOT
pew pew pew
catcalls
classy
LOLOL
Woo
oh god
0,14das a big paddle
you IDIOTS!
XD
RPG's make for best spankings
Mommy, I'm scared.
DAMN!
do not taunt the supervillians
knife
^^
...i'm going to call bullshit on using rubber to find the car...
damn it ofna01
villains are best when they dont take shit from nobody
:3
Epilieptic computer screen
something you'd think they'd learn growing up in gotham
the only clue really?
lol Jim
HNNNNG
*seizure*
puddin?
"angwy with me?"
Where is Harley Quinn!
No pants.
why are they always naked
still not wearing pants
What time in New - York?
LOL
BatmanxVader
gasmask versus tentacles
DaniilScit|DWARF - right now, 12:40
Thanks
high five
lol
0,14I've seen enough B:TAS to see where this is going
go team venture
Batman: The Documentary
LOL
SaxyPretender: correct sir
high five
They know that is insulting themselves?
man, when did Ivy get so feminist superior?
she sounds like we call in norway "Traktorlesbe"
^
Vivix: basic translation?
Traktorlesbien?
tractorlesbian
Lesbian with a tractor
It's abit a strange saying
is the other guy named Heffer?
HOLD IT IN ROCKO
indeed
and yet the Joker is FINE
0,14dat squeal
chains ain't got no shit on the batmana
/me brb
batman is immune to your pitiful toxic waste
you know, he SHOULD be dead by now
batman is immune to your pitiful toxic waste
joker gas
no effect though
nut kick
Joker is a pretty spaghetti lady
Ivy is immune to toxins
wtf?
moo
you hear joker's voice?
Shy!
dat " get em"
Gedd'em
yeah
/me hugs the mooing Shy
pwned
let the men fight it out and get away
He shoots worse than a storm trooper
smart
Why is he wasting ammo?
a wild Shy approaches :3
joker is wordt shot
why cant anyone aim in animations?
ohai shy
Epona: he's crazy remember?
!!!
batman seem a lot mor versed in hand to hand combat than in this series
O_O
and they all died the end
"I fell in to a burnin' ring of fire"
And then everything blew up
in the nolan movies, i mean
Dark_Horst: he's ALWAYS been versed in Hand to Hand
he set the world on fire
sudden explosion
just to watch it burn
moo
I could see this scene set to that song in the background.
he kinda catches a lot of kicks here
dem moo's
OH GUYS!
i hear no moo
I have an announcement!
yesh?
/me is listening
ofna01: from Shy you silly
I'm gonna be a uncle!
suddenly, dat female police officer
Whazzup Everypony!
: D
owned
ohai shadowmere
hiya Shadowmere
otakon: That sucks.
congrats ota
EPONA
Epona: it sucks? HOW?
THATS GOOD
i heard bret hart was going to play batman
Cool otakon :)
pwned
0,14congrats, otakon
otakon: I'm an extinctionist. y u mad tho?
OH YEAH!
mythbustas
great for u
epona
Epona: no yu silly filly
mythbusters X3
Happy I saw that one a few days ago on the Hub. Hiya, minna.
then you must kill yourself
otakon: lol :D
also, brb need a drink and noms
Alright more Mythbusters.
Big boom
Can't get enough boom.
once again THANK YOU Sumica!
lali-ho everyone
He said "asphyxiation" :O
That must be horrible for someone with claustrophobia
tally-ho dken
That's my word! ^_^
ohai Dken2021
0,14oh hai Dken2021
im claustrophobic
ah seen this one
all the peoples in that show are CRAZY!!!
reminds me of the one video where two guys mess with thier friend with claustrophobia
dashiee: Welcome to the Mythbusters.
!!!
when do the other guys show up?
That's not batman. What are we watching now?
mythbusters
you silly head
yay!
ooh, an old one.
0,14all right, everyone, I've got chores to finish up and then class to go to
watching looney tunes and mythbusters i dont know which to watch
0,14so I'll see you later
Have fun SaxyPretender
seeya SaxyPretender
when i die, my last wish will be to get rigged with enough c4 to vaporize an elephant
beter be safe than sorry
I remember Grant Imahara showed up at the college I went to, but I didn't get to see him :(
Dark_Horts, that is an amazing idea.
Go out with a bang Dark
ah zombie! ....BOOM!
maybe i also tell them to drop me over EA's headquarters
Dat soundtrack.
When I die, I don't want a funeral.
why?
I want to be butchered into pieces, put into a plastic bag, and thrown out of a car window.
I don't like thinking about dying ... I will just let it happen when it happens
then what do you want done with you,throw out in the yard?
like you need comfort for a corpse
epona
seriously?
lmao
ofna01: What do you think?
hi ho ninja Shy
i think your fibbin
Honestly, I plan to die in war.
I think the c4 idea from Dark_Horst was the best
epona : it seems that you are crazy right now ...... i'll talk to you later .......................
good for you epona
tis weird to not be amonst the @ s... but ah well
:3
he's not crazy dashiee
Shy: Who be you?
you're still my fav mod Shy
let's not forget 2012 OOooOoOoo Scary...
oh hai Shy
why does he want to be cutten into pieces?
Epona, I'm Fluttershy`, but just Shy for now
he was joking XD
dashiee: I'm just a troll, don't take anything I say as fact. lol
Why did you change Shy?
lol
XD haha
oh, too much 'work drama' I guess you would call it, worry not
Shy: Do you know who I am?
I have plans to make my own website later on related to art... and not so much, no
I'm xcanox. =D
oh!
*hugs*
I was the one who brought you in here to begin with then XD
Pinged myself. :3
LOL
dat zombie woman
:3
Don't forget to take your medicine or the blue whale will steal your salad...
trolling existed in the 1800's
myth busted
Trolling exsisted since the beginning of time.
they are way overblowing that , in an enclosed space like that , what you can suffocate on is CO2, that isnt sudden blackout , you have time to react if the oxigen gets thin .
Epona, I have five different accounts, all with different vhosts :3
trolling is as old as time itself Sundaysmile
ineed
indeed*
or if, you know, his head lies 3 metres apart from his body
When cavemen used to club each other to death, that was prehistoric trolling.
*crack* HaH!
he sounds nervous...
that dress is strange
beeeeeeep
LOL
DUDE! I'M ALIVE!
oh aficans, you so silly
she believes in zombies?
AIM FOR THE HEAD
: D
i have a zombie plan
there's a lot of myth material about zombies in voodoo
I believe in zombies
and voodoo comes from africa
I hate it when people dump dirt on my front yard
People do that Jim?
jesus is a zombie, and a lot of people blindly believe in him
sorry bout the Jim
Not really ^^
my zombie plan is to go to a deserted island,and hunt the wildlife for food
so the poor superstitious countryfolk there might believ ein zombies
ofna01: You'll be arrested for tresspassing.
DESERTED epona
oh gosh, just watching this ep of mythbuster's is making my chest tighten up ;~;
noone owns it
You gotta fight first, then survive.
nope
how about having mick foley as the penguin
6_9 ooo...hope he freaks its funny when people freak out about this stuff
I can feel my claustrophobia attacking me just by watching this
yeah
I'm not a claustrophobic.
remember kids, you don't have to outrun the zombies just the guy next to you
its gettin hard for me to breath sorta
^
i dont even like going in caves
We love Fluttershy!
same here dark
Epona
ofna01
XD
smores!
yes
Think I got claustrophobia from my brother pushing me into a coffin-like chest and sitting on it for five minutes
:D
with the orbital friendship cannon
Hell yea!
well good to know we'll be in charge of rebuliding soicety
a society of ponies
Cello everypony
name it equestria
ohai LunaTheBeloved
hi luna
lali-ho LunaTheBeloved
ohai luna
We will rename Earth "Equestria" :o
who says 12/21/2012 is the day the portal to Equestria opens?
I'm only on for about 30 minutes, then I gots work to go to
kay-o
that was a failed attempt , i am disapoint if they leve it at that
But then there will be war over who is the deity to follow. Celestia or Luna
why not both
:D
Oh hi mythbusters
they are sisters not enemies
^^
My favorite drink.
beer
wtf he drinks bologna.
Disolve a tooth?
wat?
who has a zombie plan?
I do: Nom brains
My zombie plan is: stay in the house srsly
LOL
Yes... I do... Not proud of it, but yeah
and also can be used as entertainment with diet coke and mentos
Oh, you mean the kind where I'm not a zombie?
say it sunday and ill share mine
already did
Heading to a Prison
That looks horrible.
ewwwww
always coca cola
im going to a deserted island and hunting the wildlife
Well i readover myZombie Survival Guide like 10 times your house is good for like a month or so then its time to move
true
I have a pretty crude comment to make but it's a bit over the line so I'm not gonna say it...
:3
lol
XD
it's just for fun
It is not a crime to clean your car with cola!
Rust be'gone cola
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJP1DphOWPs
perfect
I will forever use cola for anything other than drinking.
REALLY???!!!
Noooope
well im starting to hate some people
Shadowmere:
Love and tolerance. :(
they have the new episode on youtube damnit
i no wanna see it
must. resist.
it was leaked... i'm sad...
i know
please refrain from talking about it for us please
I won't see it before Saturday, I refuse
ok...:'(
I refuse to see it before sat
same
where'd they got the teeth?
sat afternoon is pony afternoon
same as well
it's tradition
That seems to be the general idea
i am trying to not watch it so PLZ STOP REMINDING ME!!
it's more fun to watch here anyway
so, skyrim
i'd hate to be the bum they beat up to get the teeth
unfoundbug: no
*knock knock knock* Penny
how big do these rooms get on saturday morning?
this one's pretty obvious
well this sat will be my first
time on this site and watching it
5000+ viewers
The stream usually gets 4500 viewers
pony_597 - stream easily gets 4000+
I swear to god if you start a Skyrim conversation, ooh boy I'll hit you so hard that by the time you come to, you're gonna need a new haircut!
I'm bored so i thought I'd come hang out with some cool bronies :)
But people are divided into 7 rooms
the chat room normally goes 2000+
oh welcome newcomer
the others hit another 2.5k at least
Jim - yes, but all 6 of the Pony Chats also load up the BronyState channel
id say nearing 10-15k bronies watch the streasm in all
I remember this one!!
DAMN!
The view is total amount, not per c hannel
That's true
Buster loses his legs in the water. :D
that's if you combine all streams together?
i would expect
Then we would have a ton of bronies
the chats would just be silly ad over crowded as well
who is going to be on tomorrow night?
yea it gets chaotic here on saturdays
should of seen the explosion when derpy got named and spoke
i saw the vid on that
people werefreaking out
oh yeh I watch every Saturday it's insane, theres so much spam it lags the stream sometimes
i saw it in here
i saw the vid, thats why i came here
same
even saw my name in the vid ^_^"
theres a vid of the chat going bom?
I was in the Bronystate chat when derpy appeared. It was crazy
I can't watch ponies here every Saturday. :(
epona : aww
within one minute 1000 comments on chat happened
luckly there's a room I go to, but I won't disclose it's secrets....
"Bronystate reacts to Derpy" on youtube or something
i wonder what chatroom is the most popular
this one
good afternoon how is everyone?
this
rainbowdash is best pony, so this one
i bet
awww, i was in twilight room at that point
Good afternoon Big_Jakeintosh
I'm an AJ fan
I'm back
afternoon Big_Jakeintosh, usually see you at BMN
Welcome back otakon
2 favs, RD and AJ
2 fave RD and pinkie
I used to think RD was best, but now I'm starting to lean more towards Fluttershy.
Cello there otakon
i lik to drop from time to time during the week :)
Jump jump jump jump jump
twi and rd are best, too bad the reading ep wasn't them bonding while reading ;_;
Look how high he is. :o
these ponies are too complex for me to pick a fav
I'm a Flutterguy!
so many thing I like what they di
actually I was just trying out the SImpsons Arcade game
*do
For me too, I just love them all too much to choose a favourite
Flutterguys unite!! ..you now, if you want to...
It's time for more Buster Abuse...
so I have to go finsih my tes
I love all the ponies
Faves order goes 1) AJ 2) RD 3) Twilight 4) Pinkie 5) Fluttershy 6) Rarity and thats just the mane 6. Not including Big Mac and Derpy
Buster gets the shit kicked out of him on a daily basis.
my favourite background ponies however are probably roseluck, daisy and lily
did anypony else watch the new episode yet?
no
we are honerable here
well he was born for this show
I refuse, and don't talk about it here
Big_Jakeintosh no spoilers or discussions at all related to the leak
i wait for fridays for that
only a tiny tiny part
Spoilers are bannable here-
Alright guys, I'm off to work
Please no talking about the new episode....
enjoy LunaTheBeloved
Bye Luna
Byebye
Cya y'all later
Bye LunaTheBeloved
mods ready you kicking feet
yea, talking about it is insta ban
lol
wow, i forgot buster was flesh coloured
I think mane six, I love them all but I think my favourites are Rarity and Fluttershy aand Pinkie
people with the @ are mods right
donk
poor buster
I am not gonna discuss it dont wanna spoil it for anybody
Shadowmere: There are no mods.
good :)
They're called "operators."
What a faceplant
:3
oh idk ok
looking forward toseeing it again tho
did anyone else cringe at that drop?
I kinda lol'd
Cracked his metal skull o_O
concrete is mean stuff
i'm glad bone is stronger than metal
metal vs concrete concrete wins
why is the ad a girl arching her back and a facebook like button?
Faceplanting from that height would probably ruin your day anyhow.
herro
get adblock, it will ease yor life a little
you see ads?
Well, to be fair, Buster has been tyhrough a LOT by this point.
on mips yeah
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWtDwQqKMBE
I dont mind ads, I thought that ad was weird. Cause it had noo text..
This is my first ep of Mythbusters, I don't have cable so I don't see it over here sadly :C. It looks fun
lali-ho ofna01
he had to be completely replaced at one point, i think
Mythbusters is great fun
gotta test that head weld
Was almost a series and a half before buster mk II stepped on the scene
pony_597: lol Really?
yeah buster was completely remodeled at some point
he's a tough lil trooper
Diagnosis: Broken skull and shoulder
yea, I like this show, it get's more fun with grant and kari
I think they blew him up or something and he was unsalvageable
Sundaysmile: With the Chinese firework rocket chair!
Sundaysmile - i believe that was dropping him from a helicopter at... 2000ft?
I forget, was he in the concrete car?
Yyeah but before then
I saw that ep last night on TV. :D
they destroyed him and rebuildt a new one and plastered his face on it
Buster 2.0. then almost never used him
he's cackling evilly
Been trying to come up with an OC but I am severly creatively challenged
His legs are gonna fly.
backflop!
Well, around Buster 2.0 they discovered frozen trukeys and their areodynamic properties.
I don't care what universe you come from, that's gotta hurt!
spinedrop
lol
ya know
he lost something
inb4 other leg goes
I still stream art...
yay mythbusters!
anybody in curious in watchin?
NO! Stay away skyrim jokes!
shy, what you drawing?
ponies
O_O
I used to be a Mythbusters dummy, but then I took a bolt in the knee.
ponies you say?
lol
I love this show always fun but I dont have cable so its been awhile since ive seen it
PM me if you want a link, but I'm using livestream with kimiart
man I bet that water is cold
as in mane6 OCs, general chars
You can see his body parts floating in the water.
ouch!!
livestream.com/kimiart pretty much anyhoo if you want to join, see ya there, but Imma scootaloo for now
>>;;; didn't mean to turn that into a live link...
*disapoofs*
I love that high speed.
how long till you stream?
287G
Im rich
this dummy has less lag(g) than this Stream *rimshot*
poor buster he takes so much abuse
He's dead.
Jim
His butt is floating in the water.
Yes?
I'm sorry, whenever I hear He's dead, i hear in my head "He's dead jim"
Oh ^^
Though, I'm not sure where its from
Jim, he's dead.
hai everypony ^_^
NOOOO!
lali-ho ScootaChicken
ohai ScootaChicken
BUSTER!
D:
goddammit, i want their job
hello
Imagine the cleanup
poor dummy
Hu
So, we have a reasonable result and analysis for dropping a double amputee off a bridge.
I am now fear of water.
this makes me thirsty
Hydrophobia vs Hydraphobia
Some guy jumped off one of the really big bridges a not that long ago and was completely fine.
oh interesting
IVE seen worse
Oops. :3
I think if you land correctly, you will be fine
O U dari
Anyway, I am now fear of water.
No, really.
I think it was golden gate brige.
how tall is that?
30-40 meter?
I mean from the jump to water
makes you think twice about drinking coke huh?
I don't drink coke.
lol
A few days ago 3 guys fell off a crane in Norway, 35 meters and survived
well, survived so far
Here's a little fun fact for ya: it's called "coca cola" because the original recipe contained cocaine.
rolling around on an engine block for science - only a mythbuster can say that he did that today
its all about the landing
For kids!
not the fall
alot of drugs from 1920s used to be brandnames
snake?
back
Vivix: Yep.
I knew that already Epona
Ponygirl82: I'm happy for ya.
:D
looks like it would just make your engine sticky
wasnt heroine developed as a less addictive cure for something?
isn't that cocaine thing common knowledge?
it is to me
probably
its pretty much common sense 'coca' 'cocaine'
Cocaine Cola
I always thouht the cocaine was rumour and cocaleafs was the thing
cyall later , I GO!
cya dashiee
WE GO
bye dashiee
YOU GO
Strictly speaking, it wasn't cocaine as such, but an extract from the coca nut. The amount of the active alkaloid was very very small.
bye dashiee
Ahh
coke has phosphoric acid in it O_o
well, you make cocaine out of coca leafs
coca leafs and gasoline
yeah
QI said eh carepackages to soldiers in WW1 included heroine, syringes and stuff
coke = basically a bunch of chemicals flavoured with a f-ton of sugar
ewwww
woahh thats brown
/me joins the chat feeling sleepy
Morphine has basicly replaced heroine in medicine
Looks like one of my teeth.
yeah
Who can relate?
sup everyone
hiya Simon2
ohai Simon2
this is why I dont eat boiled meat
yummie
O__o
what a waste of steak :C
it's 2:29am... *yawns*
delicous -.-
I don't eat steak.
is it weird that im hungry now?
yes
FRY IT"
moar mythbusters? Sumica's streamin?
FRYYYY IT!
hell no
I can't really say I don't eat meat cuz I like pepperoni pizza, so I just dont' eat steak. :3
lol food
what the hell is that in the background
it a dummy
I like steak <3
haha
It's me.
what a waste of a good tbone
one ther interns
Regular Mythbusters stuff
is Sumica streamin?
I eat meat, but I dont eat boiled meat
ew
Simon2: Yep
so, hot dogs, anything like that. Impossible
Vivix: parboiled then fried muskrat is delicious
CHEMICAL X
haha hyper sperm
I suck at chemistry
hello everyone! I woke up in a fantastic mood and i just wanna see my brony friends
xD
fried muskrat?
I grill hot dogd myself.
ohai Morty
hiya Morty!
My Chemistry exam yesterday is so gonna fail :(
Vivix: eeyup, like fried chicken
it's good like that
Hmm
eeenope
Fried is good
poor simon
indeed
Oh well... I still have Physics and ICT holding up :D
Coke is a fertility aid. XP
so they r saying drink cola before fun times in the bedroom
lol
I don't have to worry about this. :)
Not... drink it.
anyone want cute scootaloo i found from my new fav artist?
lmao
I don't drink it much because it makes my joints hurt
Cute is always wanted
hi
/me grabs Morty's scootaloo
Awww
and then they mixed pepsi and coca-cola
d'aaaaww Morty
d'aaawwwwww
Why didnt they do this!?
I just beat Saints Row the third!
whats next?
scootaloo is cutest pony
poor scoot
I hope it's more Mythbusters.
well how would you anyway ? sry babe i didnt pull out in time let me shove a bottle of cola in there ???
just wants her cutie mark
how is that game Simon2
yay
It's more Mythbusters. :)
never played GTA before
Oh i havent seen this one
but basically that style
OH wait yes I have
i know that one ! ^^
oh ok
He got his tongue pierced. :o
ive seen this
yay tesla coil
The mayhems are shit loads of chaos and fun
LOL
I didnt want to buy Saints row 3 after testing their character creation demo
i have those same glasses
I like this episode
He's gonna get drunk on TV!
Drunk on TV!
dat eyebrow
Yay!
IN sr2 I could be a skinny girly guy, in sr3 IMPOSSIBLE
I love shows where they randomly burn shit :D
Saints Row 3 also contains a bit humor
Ponygirl82: Mythbuster's is your kinda stuff.
just be a fat muscly girlman
destruction hurrah
me other fav show kinda like this deadliest warrior
blood and guts instead of explosions
Yeah, you cant remove all that bodybuilder esque muscle
Yeh it looks fun, too bad it doesn't air over here
and... not sure but... once I heard a radio saying something like "equestrians"
As far as I know, it's on here every day. It's always on when I join the stream.
:3
It's usually mid-night when streams are active
if it would've been the piercing, it would've hit him in the face
depends on where you lkive Simon2 ^^
cockamamie is an awesome word
GMT+8/EST+13
I would probably buy SR3 if its on sale soon. But I didnt buy sr2 for the story, and dont think I would do that to SR3 either
"brouhaha" is a more awesome word.
I don't think it would increase your chance of getting struck, but it would mean more serious injuries around the area in which the metal is.
actually the lightning bolt dont goes throu your body its more like it goes around your body
agreed dari
I usually buy retail because I got not much e-cash
it depends if you're mouth is open or not
00,10rawr
yes
i agree dari...especially since ive seen this one x3
and if you are sweating
if you're walking around with your tongue out then you're asking for it
Wok Abuse... I may cry.
to survive lightning strike wear your ipod or something it will take the hit for ya but you will have to play another 200 for that ipod
00,10so I take it the auto play is working well
It's for a good cause colt
best yet: get in car
Thank you Manswers
Manswers is awesome.
I learned alot of stuff from them. :3
oh yea it is
lets just say it saved my life in my time from the strange questions they answer
I learned how to win at beer pong. x3
at least they arent bobsledding with them , unlike someone
i learned how to win arm wrestling
metal rose
ohai Sumica
I wish I had a job like this
00,10ohhi
just become a welder :P
agreed Big_Jakeintosh
and buy explosives
dont no what it is but its PRETTAYYY^^
destroying shit is hella fun
If this were mideival times, my dream job would be blacksmithing, but it's not....
I like metal.
pony_6109u: obviously
same
when I was in shop, I like torch cutting, but really couldn't do welding
Simon2: You failed at autocompleting. :3
fuck
6_89
6_9
they have to use real heads
Just type "ponyg" then press tab.
Don't just type "pony"
brb
Shop class was my favorite in high school
00,10youshould know by now it's pointless to try to auto compleat any name that starts with pony
^
i mad
There is only 6 atm
"Body Manipulations"
Ok. That's going too far.
woah, her head was small
shop was indeed best class
dat tatoo
00,10try and count them on saterday unfoundbug
my integers will overflow
gemstones
Rarity wants
And spike
he gonna squeal
earn it?
oh god
00,10FOR SCIENCE!
A dinosaur chair
how?
tongue piercing, for science!
oh god
not screaming shadow
DA FUCK
I can't do piercing
What has Science done!?
FO SCIENCE
can't do it
I killed shadowmere
ow man I couldn't do it. It hurt when I had my nose done
and this is why i will NEVER get a piercing
The horae
On the dinosaur chair, nobody can hear you scream.
Horse
VHAT HAS SHIENCE DONE?
Y u no.dead
D=
ew
00,10lol ofna01
You can see the fear in his face.
Dinosaur chair D:
his gf/bf is gonna love that
lol lisp
GF sunday
twist!
She shells sheshells by the sheshore.
ddat tongue twister
he didn't even had to do that, adam is so crazy
y u tell us this a 3rd time?
this part is so cool freakin lightning machine
Black bug bled black blood thats an impossible one
hers a norwegian one for people from Trøndelag
00,10that's a big battery
æ e i a æ å
It isnt the volts that kills you but the amps
mini lightning
a big black bug bled black blood...Ive been practicing that since i was 4
now i sih pro
couldn't one amp kill you?
jeez morty
00,10that much volts will be just as bad
thats hard
hhehehehe
wear earbuds WEAR EARBUDS
on an mp3
anyone want to skype to test mah toungue skillz?
mp3 takes hit from lightning
u survie
your what???
00,10Morty that sounds so wrong
its both aps and voltage... u need voltage to overwhelm your resistance, but anought aps to have enought energy to kill u ... I guess
O U
rofl it does
lololololololololololololololololololololol
It's in the end the amps that will kill you
hmm... Saints Row 3 contains alternate endings...
Simply put
I like games with alternate endings
anyone?
Eeyup
Fallout had the 30 different endings or wahtever
30!? WAT
Morty: that sounds unbelievably creepy
He means variables but it only had 3 types of endings for what you decide to do in the end
dpending on how you went through
Chrono Trigger had 20-something possible endings on newgame+ mode...
hahah :P
savin the vault or other little things throughout the game
Chrono Trigger is a good game.
lightning swings to the right?
yesh
didt know that?
Why don't they just switch the heads?
Fallout 1?
00,10they have
Oh.
two times
^
3
ew
Im not a huge fan of alternate endings, cause of my I WANT TO KNOW EVERYTHING NOW thing
he could wear rubber or styrofoam?
anyone play Gears?
rofl
hardcore bdsm
Yes.
even more metals
lol a doorknob
Vivix: so can you resist watching episode 17?
that's metal...
lol It went flying.
episode 17?
Shush, it's not out yet -.-
doorknob out of his FACE!
shut up!
so ? dont be Borg in a thunderstorm ?
OH
Mlp?
I can resist
Shut up!
Even if I wanted I wouldnt know where to get it
then good
dont be a door when its lightning out
lol
If I get struck by lightning and a doorknob flies out of my head, I'll be happy.
Just sayin episode 17, I'm not spoiling anything about it
I wonder why doors don't get hit by lightning every time it storms then?
and now time for infection
sundaysmile i was just thinking that
00,10how about just dont bring it up at all
dat soundtrack
It's hardcore.
yea!
Tree cannon?
Sumica - might not be a bad idea to mention "spoilers = death" in the channel topic if this is going to keep coming up
explosions!
a giant potato gun?
potato guns
00,10It should always say it.
Hi basement man
alright I'll stop mentioning that
cpt neckbeard
Spoilers are no fuuun
duh
anyway, would there be a chance of eh
It's abit antique geek but, its fun
00,10cool house
This is srs buiznz
Tom is a rock.
00,10boom
Oh tom needs a PMV with the Red house painters song I am a rock
I am a rock, I am an island?
yeees
he must live way out in the country or else his neighbors must hate him
good thing he has no neighbours
his neighbors like his cannons
00,10did he realy need to wear the blue jumpsuit?
I'm the spark that makes your idea brightThe same sparkthat lights the darkSo that you can know your left from your right.
Yes.
he has no other clothes
:)
he's a professionalist!
Spent all his money on cannons, why should he get anything other than blue jumpsuit?
they call him....machete
00,10use modern power tools to make period manual tools
suddenly, skyrim
That's a paddelin'
NO SKYRIM
I love period correct tools
o.O
If you start a Skyrim convo, I'll shoot you in the knee with an arrow.
I love medieval siege weapons
I love old crap
00,10archry, blacksmithing, dont need it 'i'am going to spaaace!
never seen such an objection to skyrim
HIYA Shizuka!
/me hugs Shizuka
Skyrim is only so good because of the hype.
13shhh... nicht so laut
Skyrim's gotten space in the new addon thingy
I played it, and it's pretty lame.
I like Skyrim
00,10Shizuka! <3
Skyrim is as fun as oblivion was
ohai Shizuka
Skyrim? i LOVE Skyrim :)
but it is a bethesda game, so it is far from perfect or modern
but it's quickly turning into a kill loot sell game
FUS RO yaaay
Vivix: there IS no perfect game
noo but look at the animations and models
bethesda has never been good at modern graphics or animation
I prefer to Role Play and put restrictions onmy character makes it way more fun
but I still love the game
Vivix
the graphics are amazing
nature sure, but the horses and dragons?
having every achievement can make it real boring
Well guys I'm gonna go. Later bros.
Vivix so? A game is supposed to be fun, graphics are nice icing, but the game plays so well doesnt really need them
I know i know
Cya Epona
Achievements are meaninglesss
And I doo love the game
cya
but what it does have is really nice anyway
Dovahcore Helmet
but bethesda has never made a game where things look alive
plus the new texture pack is VERY nice
Fair enough, usually they spend too much time dead for me to notice
i think i made epona leave with skyrim...
Also steam workshop makes installing mods easy
yeah
hello everypony
I mean I enjoy the game alot and I still play it
space core is the single best mod i have ever had
hi AppleTeeny
bar one
hi applet
lali-ho AppleTeeny
hello appleteeny
:D
hiya AppleTeeny
SUp appleteeny
He's so smexxy
nothing much ^^
you know you want it shizu
00,10Down girl
just wanted to look in this channel
Shizuka likes.....
new here I presume?
Periodicaly correct tools: Chainsaws
lestia?
13o///o
<3 celestia
00,10they would have used a chainsaw too if they had one
lol shizuka
00,10Shizuka want big pecks
welcome to the site AppleTeeny
13.///./
thnx :)
possium nitrate + coal?
are there 3 endings in Saints Row 3?
+ sulpher
by the way, we're all silly fillies here
00,10I am not a filly
i'm a guy
Suuuuuure :3
I'm a filly :P
you are a filly and you will like it
potassium lol not possium XD
why not just use "we are all bronies here"
I wish /I/ was a filly
no not all bronies caus' I'm a filly o-o
wait... only filly???
nah, just a saying
fine then... "we are all awesome here"
It's fun to say "Silly filly" so therefore we call people fillies
lolz ;p
My sister just sent me a princess molestia picture
I'm not sure what to do
00,10save it
Send her things back
Just prepare your anus
.. She wants your horn..
already doone
Nevermind.
D=
bang
THEY MADE A WEAPON!
13serve's up
VHAT HAS SHIENCE DONE?!?!
I'm guessing the stream's online?
yup
it is
Amras0000 yes mythbusters is on
00,10he burnt his ball
ooh
Science makes balls fly
I'll check, then
Wazzup Everypony!
lali-ho Weldar
heey :P
ohai Weldar
wazaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaup Welder
Scarey but fun!
*secret
*butt
i dont mind mythbusters
but old shows we cant see on tv would be nice
woaaah
omagawd yeshj
ok, this is strange
should've gotten a black ball
I'm getting a "missing plugin" in all 6 theatre links
they're making a cannon out of a tree Amras0000
ai. here: http://bronystate.net/theatre/
The other theatres are shut down
oh thats an advert
Does Luna stream at specific times?
00,10amras, it's an ad
except for during new episodes
While since Ive seen her streams
no it's not
I've been getting that every 5 minutes too
00,10get adblock
adam seems way too happy about this
http://bronystate.net/theatre/ <--here
00,10we only use flash
its an ad amras
there are no ads on top of the theatre room links, are there?
13do not try this at home
no
00,10and if you can see chat your flash is working fine
13no really, don't
I'm not using the browser client
omg
then your fine
u a fan of braniac Shizuka
00,10wet powder
^^brainiac
could somepony link me to the actual stream?
in case you run into that problem again Amras0000, there are links of the theatres at the bottom
00,10lolwut 5lb's black powder
oh
thanks
yeah... that's no longer a cannon, that's a bomb
13"we put six ounces in, what are we putting in this time" "five pounds"
hooray explosions
13o///o
ooOOOOO!!!!!!
that helped
omg they better get the f out of dodge
BIG BOOM!
for reference, that 80z of black powder
yay! I've got the stream!
is there any other kind of boom weldar
yea Large Boom
of course
Enormous BOOM
13boom~<3
lol
and small boom
and crazy boom
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
00,10KA BOOOOOOM /demoman
pop goes the gun
i can keep going
YEA!
boomdia
13ka beeeeewm
OH MAN THAT IS COOL
and boom goes the dynamite
boooooooooooom
I like when things go boom
BOOMHEADSHOT
Fluttershycanon
cannon went away :(
but you know, it's a very efficient system
take a few pot shots at your enemy
then rig it up to be a giant bomb
yeah
"Hey look! they left their cann-"
*bomb*
when THEY try to use it
KA-BLEWIE!
wait...
#Twilight_Sparkle is on mode +i
whats next?
why?
othertimes its just plain fun
00,10dwi test
oh
i have those same glasses
isn't it always dangerous
It is only open during new episodes now Amras0000
Amras0000 the theatres are now closed during weekdays
o.o
strange
I liked the community there :(
but im in a theatre
:/
same
Its pretty nice, people would sit around in the mini channels saying hello during weekdays
welcome to the new community
ofna01 - no you aren't
00,10think of it like this they will be here too
:)
i have a feeling saturday it will be hectic with the chat
http://www.bronystate.net/theatre/dash/
but you're not in the Rainbow_Dash channel
I always use the fluttershy link, but it redirects to main channel
yea, but those channels were often unmodded most of the time
oh i get it
:I
i think im gonna avoid the chat on sat
nah but messages here are lost too quickly...i do miss Twilight channel
just in case
i have those cups
Hey everypony
and in episodes the channels are worse than here on weekdays
hi Fazana
Hey Fanzana
The hang over episode is nice, when grant and tory gets drunk and sleeps at the shop
What are they doing today?
00,10the side channles will be open for events when we have the mods to handel them
pun intended?
yeah.....he might be slightly drunk
they're being paid to get wasted
00,10nah he's just adam
lol
greatest job in the world
arent they ops not mods :P
00,10he's not even close to drunk
13drunk sciiiience
best science
xD
I swear to drunk i'm not god
they're gonna be so ill after this
00,10ops mods same thing realy
13mods have ops
drunk science is best science
I must go buy rum FOR SCIENCE
Ponygirl82 you should see when they did the slapping episode
nothing takes the cool from the hyneman
yeah he's drunk
lolololol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avYBuijHPBI Drunk science
.9
00,10this cops cool
LOL
no high speed ever quite matched a slow mo of jame slapping adam
13i like this guy
drunk science ftw
awesome cop
00,10go away heather, no one liked you
lol
Ohh be nice
I didnt even remember her
00,10but it's true, no one liked her that's why she's gone
whatever happen to heather after grant, tori, and kari came over?
sumica be nice
yeaah-
damn Saints Row crashed
she was destroyed Dken2021
Whiskey in office was normal
i dont know what ur talking about :D
00,10she was gone before they even added the mythturns
lol
coolest shorthand, "Yr gtr. is burned"
drunk adam is funny
00,10they still need to add the blond wealder chick
Remember that chubby girl that was intern before kari and those?
sober adam is funny as well
or... not
13onion
they do when kary is... indesposed
ew
he doesnt care XD
nom
i wouldn'tbe able to do that
who says he isn't drunk all the time
this guys is quite hardcore
Wrek!
who sumi?
Ahh
dont remember hearing about that
00,10was like seasion 2-3 when that happend
oh my
who are you talking about sumi?
what was the fight about
ah, wasnt watching anywhere near as much as i do now at that point
The welder chick?
00,10the blond wealder chick i cant remember her name
wat
lololol
O_o
Adam Powers
some testers work like a fuel cell , not this one , lets test the battery anyway
he's drunk
sumica what was the fight about
lol

mouth wash, worst idea ever
00,10.43 almost dead
god
mouthwash has alcohol init
ok so basicly she nearly killed them then
XD
43 = Chuck Norris level.
XD
no, 49
lol
chuck's is OVER 9000!!!
00,10yeah so she argued back with him and well she was removed from the show
and still lives!
sumi
back to the kitchen
13now... i'll be fair here....
The current myth interns have their own workshop right?
was it on the show or behind the scene's?
13no chance in hell they would show you one that *could* beat the test
Vivix - no, i don't think they have their own shop
00,10part was on show part was behind
What's next?
^
Really? I thouht they bought the neighbouring one?
i remember now
Shizuka theyv had entire episodes taken off because of that
I believe Manswers did
another episode done...
what IS next?
hey put on Manswers :D
no
oh hey, voyager
wtf?
13yay vger pool~
ahh
Oh hello Star Trek
woohoo voyager
what is this?
Star Trek
Best contraception, interspecies
13so ponies... how many of you are identifying voyager just by the CC mark in the corner before any characters are on screen :P
no
hhhh star trek n00b
i have no clue wtf this is
hmmm
i know star trek but thats it
he's going to skip the ball, i believe
13tuvok is just hacking the holodeck realtime
failed
Pwjn'd
00,10scrach
hehe
lol
fail
lol those stabilizers
lol
Star Trek excuses? Always a laugh
13neelix in troubllllllle
this is my favorite star trek series after next generation dont car for the original Deep Space 9 was OK
I knew someone who tried using that on me
kill me, if you want, but this is my first voy. episode
Derp space nine :)
ugly mudda fugger
ntnbrbr
what has nelix done this time
assuming it is voy.
ur not alone
00,10Why would we kill you?
NOPE
because I've only watched ToS, TNG and Ent.
he fugly
@Dumica: For the lols
sumica*
00,10rage face
Hesadbro
fffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
XD
:D
00,10heard mind
lol
I prefer NG to Voyager
13during this title sequence, neelix is in the turbolift yelling KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
Shizuka - who says the universal translator only works on vocal patterns?
only thing I remember of this show was the intro
bad graphics r bad
00,10lawl Shizuka
:D
i love the universal translator excuse and yet every single alien doesnt talk like they are in a old godzilla movie
Khaaan!
what was it .... metreon cascade ? memory is a curious thing
same here
right, time to sync my dvd with a stream to save bandwidth
Big_Jakeintosh - Willful Suspense of Disbelief
curse you bandwidth caps
00,10yep TrixieMuffin
Greetings everypony!
hey joy
must...find...more time... to watch... ST
KHAAAAAAAAN!
hello Everlasting_Joy
TrixieMuffin nice remember there
Herro Everrasting_Joy
ohai Everlasting_Joy
Star Trek is full of scientiffic BS but I dont care its fun to watch
Hihi
lali-ho Everlasting_Joy
00,10Come here more often Amras0000
I guess
MahBoi777 This hello is what all true warriors strive FOUR!
but there's no set schedule
Hey Jim!
what I would like to see is a movie or TV show based on BEN BOVA'S work like
it becomes addicting
thats why its Science FICTION Big_Jakeintosh
00,10I am thinking of adding venture bros to my morning lineup, what do you all think?
Greetings Dken2021.
:D
sure, go team venture
/me waves to everypony
lali-ho Rainbowjack
/me waves back
/me waves to Rainbowjack.
so the weapon was nightmare moon
well off to work...dammit later everypony
Cya Weldar
later
Fare well Weldar!
00,10have fun Weldar
have a good time at work
bye weldar
see you weldar
later Weldar
its never a good time
13ohhhhh this one
13comcast is back to sucking during the week i see...
wb Shizuka
00,10man every one knows of voyger and its toys in this system already
13and considering they're moving well beyond light speed.... news really shouldn't travel that fast
13except maybe along kazon networks..
so it's basicly space cancer
00,10dont you remember the line Shizuka?
aw shit, been ages since i saw that show the last timw
00,10gosip travles at warp 10
alexxm: what?
13gossip is a salamander?
13X3
there's a giant difference
"Nothing can make this day any more distur-" "You're going to die."
00,10heheh
00,10lawl MirrorImage
what a twist
Sumica you streaming agian?
00,10eeyup
the disease the doctor was talking about
Currently streaming: Voyager
00,1010 parcets?
parcesc
00,10so is that time or distance?
*parsecs
parsec
distance
in space
a little over 1 lightyear
00,10But the kessel run
Sumica: its distance, but in star wars its time
I think
i love this series
is the human dockter still there?
Why would you deny peace of mind?
i have no clue
A parsec is 3.26 lightyears
I knew it was either a bit over 1 or 3
hello , everyone!
oh finally
i couldnt connect anymore
hello GamerForevuur
oh hey, atombomb all over again
hiy GamerForevuur
indeed
what are we watching?
Voyager
Currently streaming: Voyager
voyager
Cabbage sticks I think...?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_031ylfdk9c&feature=related
ugh I hate cabbage
cause his feet are sooo coold
KHAAAAAN!
has anybody heard of SaLKiD99?
nah
i have
08,01i absolutely love this episode
08,01anyone who says that Ethan Phillips is a bad actor, or that Neelix is a boring/rubbish character an go buck some apples
lol
I agree
08,01<4
i heard SaLKiD99 was kicked for Speaking Arabic , yes?
he is boring where are my apples?
neelix was one of my favorite characters
wow, really?
/me 08,01apples Rainbowjack
/me eats a hole apple NOM NOM NOM NOM
8-9?!
Forget you, i can eat all these apples
/me noms apples
i have a Knock-Knock joke
do tell
we come in peace shoot to kill
Knock-Knock
who's dere?
its worst then tah jim hes dead
Doctor
this series is WAY better than DS9 it was full of bad acting and confusing storylines
D:
I am so proud to be a brony
Doctor Who? lawl
:)
this is SO risky...
:D
whats risky?
transporting the cloud to the ship
inb4 doctor tutrell is a bad guy
Foreshadow.
I haven't watched the episode, so I'm just guessing
i have never heard this Show at all
^
I remember this epsode but not how it ends
"Science makes me hor-" not going there...
they look like Star Trek...(why?)
Because it is star trek
i remember this one too but indeed dont know how it ends
it is star trek
there are so many spin-offs out there
00,10The actor used to play a ferangi in tng
i hate the Adds that keep poping up
its Star Trek Voyager GamForevuur
Adblock plu
get adblock
00,10FOR SCIENCE! always yell that first before you do any thing questonable
hehe, I just installed adblock, and this particular version doesn't work
mozilla Firefox
Fun Fact : almost every Main Character in every game , show , and movie never dies. either he dies , and come back again , or don't die at all
00,10Did you make sure you got the right one for you browser?
Intrinsic notions. . . avoiding debate.
yeah
it just doesn't handle video ads
00,10GamerForevuur clearly you dont read enough tropes
maybe , i agree
00,10adblock plus works fine for me
hi
hi Moop
hi , moop
hi
00,10heya
hi moop
time for bf3 coop, c u all later
anybody here play TF2?
enjoy voyager all
by unfoundbug
cya unfoundbug
bye , unfoundbug
have fun unfoundbug
00,10music realy sells this part
i like 1812 Overture
this was so sad part
i think this was the episode that i really liked neelix as a character
00,10dat singal tear
me 2
tear
from that guy
so it was basically a nuke
00,10nuke+chemical weapon
ok
i wish i could see Explosions in Person...
^
dat nightmare
i was a terramorp bomb
00,10on a planetarry scale
Billiard
lo
lol
lol dem nightmares
Rainbowjack, what kind of browser do you use?
i love my nightmares
interbrowser
oh
some Atmosphere that Planet has :S
lots of People here came for the Stream , i noticed
00,10Kinda the point of it
chat gets random sometimes though
yes sumica is the one for the star trek epis
i must say this is my third favorite star trek series
Which are your favourites?
befor you stop Sumica can you do a Q episode?
so , just asking , but what's your opinion on why SaLKiD99 haven't came Back for a While? just asking
this is my second favorite star trek, first was TNG then TOS
Q is awesome
so no gaogaigar today?
q is best discord
indeed, Discord is awesome
aww, beat me, alexxm
gaogaigar is over ofna01
Discord is best Troll
alexxm I though it was Discord is best Q.
will you Sumica?
...
Jim: number 2 would actually be the animated series i really liked it. And 1 would be Next Generation
i missed the last episode :I
i didn't really like the original series
00,10Q was only in a hand full of eps compared to the total amount
who's Q?
im watching DBZ right now
o.o
:I
i know but he is amazing
Q is Discord
GamerForevuur - the Discord of Star Trek
from 40 years ago
wasn't it like once a season Sumica
extremely literally
:{ u should know who Q is!!!!!!!!!!!!
:[
GamerForevuur: he's some sort of wizard in Star Trek
indeed, same voice actor, same character
but i never heard of this show!
not a wizard
more like a demi-god
okay, a demi-god
00,10In next gen yes alexxm not so much in ds9 and vgr
ok
gamer Q=Discorde=Best pony ever
indeed
Rainbowjack : discorde is not a pony
but will yopu do a nopther Q epi sumica?
00,10not today
to bad :(
ok
we had one yesterday anyway
aww
Great moment, seriously :)
he has a part that is a pony
I should be here more often
yes
00,10there is always next week or perhaps tomarrow if I get up early enough
'tis movie , or thou motion pictures?
Discord is best part-everything
Now would just anyone be allowed to disable the doctor
true
Discord is Best
period
yep
why do they look lie that?
u'd think they'd put some passwords up to protect only medical expert they have
like
10,02i liek poniez :3
ohai SB
dar SB
10,02Ohai :>
00,10hey SB
hi SB
we<3Ponies
10,02Good morning ^_^
GM SB
mornin
evening here in britain
00,101min before noon is hardly morning
evenin
10,02Actually it is ^_^
good morning , SuperBrony64
/me hugs SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64 good afternoon.
/me hugs Rainbow-Dash and everypony else
hi superbrony64
"The intruder is in Transporter Room 1..." I would think the first action would have been "Computer, *deactivate* Transporter Room 1"
10,02Oops, dat tab fail
evening
10,02RAINBOWJACK
10,02THAT HUG WAS FOR YOU TOO
ooh hello fellow Brit :D
YAY
11:00 PM in my Country. can you guess it?\
hi ponygirl82
SuperBrony64: your a mod???!!!!
not lag!
yes? lol
10,02moop: Yes'm
Hi all
hi FlutterDash
/me hugs SuperBrony64 ohai :#
hi , FlutterDash
hi FlutterDash
yay~
hi flutterdash
/me glomps Starflash 'hai :3'
hi flutterdash
dat SuperBrony64
I missed the scientific explanation! D:
10,02Dat Simon2
/me just discovered auto complete TIL lol
it's 4:00am .__.
10,02;____;
Star trek Voyager..nice
/me hugs ScootaChicken
/me hugs SuperBrony64
suddenly ding
ohai Starflash
/me hugs Midnight_Tempest back
eeyup x3
ScootaChicken? Howdy!
10,02ScootaChicken!!! HEY GUESS WHAT
ohai ScootaChicken
Suddenly Scoots
/me hugs Starflash
Hi ScootaChicken
mmyes SuperBrony64?
hey scoots
10,02Hai :3
O
O U
U SO SILLY
hola ScootaChicken
lol
10,02:3
SB^64
10,02Dat 64 ping
SB*SB*SB*SB
etc.
10,02O__o
would be too much spam
^__^
10,02o___O
00,10what's the harm in trying it's not like it will make them any less dead
ping
10,02Sumica! Hai :D
Sumica - Prime Directive
00,10Oh hi
they're dead now; we didn't do it; we aren't going to get involved
doesn't he mean planet
Sumica not only that, but what's the worst that would happen?
10,02:>
zombies
man the prime directive, temporal prime directive. theres to much
00,10they create and edrich horror
nazi zombies from space
well theres already Q sumica
today , while my Friend was playing my Cousin's Skyrim on xbox 360 , my friend killed 2 Chickens , than i said "Scoota-" than quickly realized it , and said "Chickens!"
Q is pretty much the only one who can do this, he makes it to easy
o.o
wheres the risk ? that it doesnt work ? so what they are still dead and if it works , yay , so why the discussion ?
00,10moar powwwwwwa!
GamerForevuur: lol
Oooo shi--
Fake Death! lol
<_< suddenly ded
ded
it looked so Fake...
inb4he'sdeadjim
^
that's because he wasn't dead yet
just a heart attack
Oh, he has a heart?
Jim I'll hold you to it ;).
\\alien anatomy//
One does not Simply
Pass Gandalf
6_9
ded
:'(
well , he tried...
He's dead Jim.
he deaded :(
well its snowing in england
I believe you...killing blow
^^
he ded
set phasers to BBQ
NEXT!!!
naw.. he just passed on~ :'(
That was fantastic!
i wanna watch Doctor Who Stuff :)
R.I.P
whe should see the episode with Q's son
and to think he could have saved...
Okay dudes and dudettes it was fun but I've gotta head off now. Byeee
it's kind of a Good Show , i watched
Rainbowjack thanks for the cider ^.^
cya ponygirl82
what's next?
:D
ok , bye Ponygirl82
Take care Ponygirl82.
music
BB
Nyan
GAG
bye Ponygirl82
Intermission
where's the Video?
GAG quartet :D
awsome
please stand by
going to Refresh
its time for some popcorn and SODA
brb with chocolate
VIDEO PLEASE COME BACK :'(
10,02Bai Ponygirl82!
is there a video
10,02So many ponies leaving now O__o
there is no video... its just music
le internet medley?? LOL
Quite
YEEEES!!!!!!!!!
I love this song
Sumica is loading in just a intermision
00,10sorry forgot the screen cap was tied to the player still
Run Orihime run
the internet in 1 song
she was Wearing a Scumbag hat
all rise for the youtube anthem
keyboard KITTY
foreveralone.jpg
TROLOLOLOLOLOL
trolololol
Trollsong.wav
Russian Rickroll , or should i say , "Trololo"
6 hours a day keeps a trolls frown away.
CANS.wav I AM NOT A HAMBONE!!!
This your brains on drugs
SHED.MOV
IQ dropping sharply!
We do not talk about .movs here
inb4 best part
What streams after this?
ok
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=LJP1DphOWPs
this is what Crystal meth wil do
:D
PEDOBEAR!!
NOPE!\
not bad
Badger, badger. . .
so... this is what happens when the internet joins with our world
BADGER BADGER BADGER
RICKROLLED!!!!
isn't it beautiful?
OH NOES
00,10the intertubes are leaking
NYACAT
The power of the internet puking on the world
Jim : :D
i thought we were the result of that midnight
/me has chocolate
Jim: that's win
what meme is that?
i wanna know it
Where are the ponies?
:DDDDDDDDD
ewwwwwww
.....
Dah!
oh no...
:'(
whyyyyyyyy
the dramatic prairie dog?
Not this!
no no no no
NOOOO!!!!
no
Ohai ponies
a quartet... but only three of them... seems legit
STOP IT
why?
kill it
it hurts
ahhh it burns
KILL IT WITH FIRE
i though it was FIM WHY would u do this?
i just remembered watching the Idiot of garry's mod!
RainbowDash always dresses in style
x[
Firing the Death ray
BURN IT!!!
<--- worse than cupcakes
DA FUCK?
Pinkie Pie is filly?
actually, nvm
why
yelp
cupcakes was fun
I came back to THSI
<---- worse than SAM
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Rainbow Dash always dresses in style!
it even makes my TYOPING bad
otakon I'm sorry.
NO
as in the pain
3,5?
save rainbow dash
why why why why
those names... lies... LIES!
Everlasting_Joy: why are YOU apoligizing?
tell my family I love them
/me explodes
I blame sxyprntndr
SAVE RAINBOW DASH FROM MEMEROIES!!!
Ahhhhhh
NO!
otakon I feel sorrow for you coming back to chat with THAT playing.
ah
NO dont hurt us more
lmao :D
well no worries
LOL
I've seen worse
LOL
i saw this vid...
HAHa
lol
cower in fear
Run rainbow!
nightmare fuel
poor rD
hehe
MIC
what is this i don't even
WAIT
hot
what
I like Mic
MicTheMicrophone?
eeyup
this song sounds so Familiar...
Mic is awesome
and Mic just got 1400 bucks in donations to go to Bronycon
last night
its an Eminem remix
in the span of a hour
more brains on drugs
I was on his stream last night he was raising money so he can go to Bronycon and in a few hours he raised 2000 dollars
he strated crying
i wanna know the Song this Refrenzes to
the Original
Big_Jakeintosh: it went to 2 GRAND?!?
dat plot
otakon: eeyup
GamerForevuur: it's a Eminem song
Big_Jakeintosh: I had to leave suddenly is all
OH NO
otakon: i stayed till about 1:30 am
me too
that's when I left
why do they think teilight is fat?
twilight*
WHAT
what is the name of the Original song?
dat Spike humping Raritypillow ^^
i used to love it , i still love it
00,10Just lose it
molestia
Needs more hats
/me checks his love and tolerance levels. Just over 1/2... thats ok i guess...
Hullo
Mic lost it last night for sure
watch number 1 first!
TF2
hiya BEN
dat rarity is a spy..
Ok, seriously WAT
why the lag?!
Howdy BEN.
i love this video!
What is this?
:'(
ohai BEN
wheatly would make an ok discord
i watched this and No1
ohai BEN
Also hello everypony
I didn't see one
hi , nick
ohai nick
hi nick
Hi nick
9001 times!
hiya nick
Wait, so what is this? Its hilarious!
Wheatley as Discord, awesome!
Portal 2
and TF2
BEN it's TF2 voice clips over animation with Portal 2
who voiced wheatley
Stephen merchant
MLP and TF2 just fit together for some reason
TF2
really?
ok
otakon, I mean is it a video on youtube or something?
indeed, they do
Pootis
BEN eeyup
i don't really know why
gmod proves that
Spike is no Scotsman
Scottish spike. why does that sound familiar
Indeed
This is gold, what is it named?
Why does it work so well?
Heavy weapons shy
Big_Jakeintosh: have you seen some of the Gmod videos?
00,10My little team portal 2
Twilight Soldier
MahBoi777: yeah a few of em
dat freedom
what is Section 8?
lol
Tom!
crai sum moooooar
I will punch you in the f*cking SOUL!
section 8 is : NUT s
omg, it's 4:21am
LOL
I need some sleep
goodnight
good night Simon2
night Simon
It's 1:22 p.m.
ok , goodnight Simon2
night simon
00,10night simon
Night simon
night Simon2
beep boop son
Night Simon
beep boop
Pinkie Pie is Pyro!
beep
BOOP
son
00,10I prefer Pinkie piro
me too
Same
Sumica ditto.
Spike is not Welcome in Twilight's World?
poor Demospike
GamerForevuur: no, (s)hes talking about Wheatley
I have a mod to replace Pyros 'mmph's with Pinkie Pie's voice
i know
BEN that is awesome
Heavy Weapons Pony
00,10heavy weapon tom
yeah pinkie would make a good pyro as well
Ben: :3
she could be both
lol
otakon: I also have one replacing Medic's voice clips with Fluttershy
nice
crap
Robots FTW
I have to go soon
that what Wheatley did in Aperture Science , really
indeed ben
True
I love playing on the brony servers some of the mods they use are great like pinkie songs when you uber someone
or the vs saxton hale matches with applejack or rainbow dash
where can i find Brony Servers? and anybody here plays TF2?
Big_Jakeintosh: I play on a server where the mod plays MLP music over talk
poor Q...
indeed
GamerForevuur: I play all the time add me on steam Big Jakeintosh
Q is best letter
hehe
or not, he REALLY was not nice
Elements of Harmony - now birds.
Midnight_Tempest: Indeed
wait, WHY do the cores not like birds?
BEN: yeah most of the ones i play on play music all the time
DOUBLE RAINBOW!!!!
Victory
so what if he's not nice? he's awesome
um
well , i wish i could add friends on Steam , but i didn't really bought TF2
Oh my god that was so what
you can't claim that Q isn't awesome
he's really not nice
that made me happy :)
^
ugh, why do people like charismatic assholes?
GamerForevuur: TF2 is free on steam
GamerForevuur: TF2 is free
eeyup
don't judge a person's awesomeness by his/her kindness
but my net SUCKS
i know
Q is best pony
i'm F2P
indeed
otakon - that's what the "charismatic" part implies
Amras0000: don't judge a person by their "awesomeness"
GamerForevuur: so you dont have any other games?
I don't judge people at all
what was the opening music
woohooohoooooo!
What is this?
nope
but I do judge that particular trait
um you have to judge people a bit
no you don't
poor scout
LOL
not in a moral setting
: D
LOL dat Sqeeeu
swueee
squeeee
Hey does anyone know that if I buy an item at the Mann co. store, if Ill b able to add friends?
umm
i think so
Hooray! I love GMods!
you should be able to from just downloading TF2
why cant a pony come to my house
also, try the Humble Indie Bundle
okay guys
never seen this....
i wanna hug a pony for reals
I have to go clean the house now
HE SAID PONIES
prancin show pony's
I'll be back in a couple of hours at the most
Amras0000: oh okay Ive been meaning to get the Humble Bundle
so, by!
see u otakon
cya ota
otakon Dang yo. Take care.
bye , otakon
by otakon
bye otakon
bye bye otakon
you guys dont understand how hard it is to animate in gmod
i do
Dat smile.
/)
cause i suck at it
brohoof jake
(\
hehe
ofna01: Ive never done it but Ive seen someone do it before, Its not esy
Dat constant squee
lol "YES YES YESYES "
i've done it
needs moar squee
Twi is best medic
I feel like I've heard this music somewhere
hes got AJ's hat
what hat
is that
my chat derped
I always love it when the ponies smile they *squee.
lolwut?
SPAH SAPPIN MAH SENTRY
Nope.
Dat size change
I can never get her hat on straight
pwned
squee
i like that hat better anyway
*brohoof
(/
Mr. Crowley!
What is this music from?
omg dat SQUEE
Exploding fall.
this is scout,rainbows make me cry!
What went wrong in your head?
Sonic Rainboom Crash Land
LOLOLOL
and then scout was paralzed
lol
im bored
Derp.
Derpy!
DERPY
DERPY!
indeed
Derpy!
Depy!
DERPY! woohoo
derpy visits red scout
I <3 Derpy
lol
0,5Derpy?
lol
their both derpy
Noway. Stare.
so epic!
bumbumtssss
LOL
no
DERPY is best sociopath
oh wut
ja
teehee
yes
Random.
what happened?
The cigarette stayed in the air.
d'awww
flootershai
sooo cute :3
heavy wuvs fluttershy
German
Cuteness overload.
Medic
I would probably do the same
D:
^
GUYS THE NEW EPISODE HAS BEEN RELEASED EARLY! http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=lc9JyGK0qCI
SANDWITCH
SHUT UPØ
heheheh
WE don't want to hear it here
we know, Cloud
00,10CloudSabre we already know
rock paper scissors?
way to go!
heavy did POW
yay!
too much Squee
i cant hear over the music
not teh leaks
squeeee
XD
0_0
:'(
Lol
Dat flutterface
Russian Bear can live through the Blizard
13no ban on cloudsabre?
good job fluttershy
woohoo
fluttershy did that XD
yay
LOL
Those teamworks.
fluttershy is best engineer
why Trixie?
lol wat?
More GMod!
that was really good
D:
why not Rarity?
0,5Well we're half-op
cant believe i never saw that b4
MO TF2/PONY MASHUPS
13halfop can set bans, spoiler is immediate ban
0,5*cough* Sumica *cough*
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
part 2
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
0,5Oh
: D
0,5Well then
why Derpy...
13but he's already gone
13you lost him
Looks like the start of a COD game.
0,5Nope i can do /whowas
buildinbuildinbuildinbuildin
I suck with the wrangler
Fluttershy and Heavy, the manliest duo of all time
yes
any chance of getting something besides TF2?
but i wake a really good assault engie
wow
good shot twi
such a Coincidence
squee
RARITY?!?
yay Rarity!
Hey, where is Pinkie Pie?
I'm gonna lay you out!
rarity is a spy!
What a twist!
Pinkie Pie saved the Day
ahha ha ha
Why wasnt pinkie with the Pyro?
You're all oatmeal, you know that?
ok , so no
wat?
Absolutely oatmeal.
fluttershy did that
: D
Lolz
oh yeah
lol Pushy
PINKEH!
dat pinkie
LOL
pinkie pie to the rescue
aww yeah
pinkie!
Oh hi, Lulu.
where's Pinkie Pie?
go pinkie!
oh there she is!
DONT PUNCH PONIES
pinkie has access to guns we're doomed
Wat
nooooeees
:O what is this?
NO
D:
no!
WHY!
D:
0.0
pinkie can't die!
FLUTTERSHYYY!
NOOOO!
no, she can't be ded!
NOOO!!!
PINKIEEEEE!
THAT'S EVEN WORSE
/me 07,01hugs everyone
that rarity is a spy!
ohai Lulu
0,5SISTER
hi , Lulu
/me hugs back
hey lulu
hi Lulu
/me also hugs everyone
/me hugs Lulu.
/me 0,5gives little sister Lulu a noogie
/me hugs Lulu back
hi Lulu
wrangler
Why do I hear constant 'yay's in my head?
00,10hi Lulu
/me hugs back
ha
It's actually kind of scary.
go scout and dash!
07,01is anything being streamed atm?
Yeah
yes lulu
Ponies x TF2
NOOOO
/me hugs back
00,10yeah but I am leaving here soon Lulu
RARITY KILLED AJ
07,01okay gimme a sign when it's up ;)
do at least one more sumi
plz
But i just got here!
Is Zecora Demoman?
Seriously. I keep hearing 'yay' in my head. It's so faint, I almost think it's coming from my headset.
/me hugs Lulu
I'm terrified.
WTF
what happened!
ad blocked my view!
wtf
Suddenly, Friendship
Save Everypony!
00,03I'm sure I didn't miss anything...
Fear
and they all went home
0,5mmmnope
anything besides TF2?
maybe?
no?
00,03Pokemon!
hm
yes!
LOL
now theyre all ina church with a door into white light!
derpy
gotta catch em all
derpy!
lol derpy
00,03Btw Whats up guys!
Cave Story+ soundtrack
no , GMod vids of TF2xPonies is better
not much u
00,10Heya Scoot-Scootaloo
squee
dat face
This won't end well
so worng
lol
O__O
hi , Scoot-Scootaloo
derpy?
Scoot-Scootaloo: well i keep checking behind me for spy's in real life
D:
u broke her!
lol
DERPY!!
The hay
lol
D: D: D:
LOL
lol
:D
um wat
that looke so wrong
Awkward.
flushie........flushie
haha
theres a chicken in the base!
?
ruh roh
Silly Heavy , Derpy isn't a Fish!
LOL
Wat
00,03Samus is in G-mod?
psycho
AGK soo random.
yeah
where do you get the samus model i dont have that one
Suddenly, Samus.
its a downloadable
scout!
wow
my fav class
Ring ring
angry german kid ftw
agreed
i know this
FALCON CUTE!
this is just hilarious
HELL YES!
The stare master
haha
yay
LOL
YAY
HA
rarity lol
00,10that's what happens when you hit a tree
RARITY
BEHIND YOUU
O U
any chance of ending the gmod madness?
Rarity...
Indeed Sumica
dat snort
they got so much awesome stuff for garrys mod i need to learn how to use the thing better all i ever do is fart around make random junk
OOO
LoZ
thats what you call a NUTCRACKER
megaman
mega man?
yep!
Applejack
pootis pencer here
yeah!
POOTIS
Jappleack!
is trolling
do not touch
LOL
M. Bison: YES!
troll applejack
HAH
Own'd.
hahaha
SUMI
Of course!
PLAY THIS NEXT
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNB-EREknic
howdy
so smooth
Save the dispensers
00,10Have fun Lulu it's all yourse
00,03Wow...
NOO!
no more gmod, please
that what happens when you think so long
Just realised that since I started watching MLP FiM, Ive been eating more apples and cupcakes...
0,5GMOD IS KOOL
00,03Anyway, I just cam by to say hi!
lulu
Thanks for the stream Sumica
07,01Yay
play this vid plz
00,03I'm off to do college stuff!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNB-EREknic
07,01we passed the 2 mill mark!
07,01http://www.avaaz.org/en/stop_acta_spread/?fztYIcb&pv=334
laggylaggyfunfun
ok , bye!
Gmod ftw
0,5Oh my gog i cam by to say i hipl you have a nice day
its not innapropriate
cross my heart tell a lie,stick a cupcake in my eye
hmm
Pie
Cry
that was an onslaught of post-lad messages if I ever saw one
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNB-EREknic
in my e...AHHHHHH!
helloz
play plz lulu
cros my heart hope to fly stick a cupcake in my eye
Howdy dashiee.
is the stream online atm?
ohai dashiee
the streams ended
hello dashiee
hi dashiee!
just finished reading operation get-lestia XD
lol
hmm...
luluuuu
waut a minute...
leedle leedle lee!
Video 1x2
2 Rarities?
impossiburur
0,5Be back soon!
is there a stream
not for me
nope
ok
thanks, then
i don
i mean
will there be one anytime soon?
maybe
the stream isn't working here. just Bufferin'
I would be honored if sompony PMed me should one start
hmmm hmmm hmmm hmm hmmmm hmmm hmmm
i will Am
gtg, later guys
cya
Take care MahBoi777.
bye , MahBoi777
bye MahBoi777
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKQ2Xks5fWE&feature=g-all-u&context=G2a5f13cFAAAAAAAAIAA
MahBoi777 Enough, you ship sails right now.
stream stopped?
bye MahBoi777
lol, bye
/me finally notices SuperBrony64 isn't on the Name List
IMPOSSIBRU!
i didn't noticed it till' now...
inb4 mass suicide
one does not simply
...umm...
k
Gonna go play some TF2 bye for now
Take care BEN.
or maybe get the indie Bundle...
ok , bye
either way bye
have fun ben
bye ben
:I
Hello everypony!
hi , Globetrotter
hi Globetrotter
Hey Globetrotter!
any one else having buffering problems?
i do
What's everypony up to? I just finished some definite integration.
since the Stream stopped , wh not ask each other (between everypony else) questions?
Not much, just watching some youtube
how did u guys become brony's
Curiosity
Lions and tigers, seaturtles, endangered wildlife, lion cubs. You can work with one, which would it be?
well , for me , it all started before i discovered Bronies...
ummm
Well, I frequent /b/, where ponythreads were just beginning to become popular.
For me, cupcakes started it all...
my bronization was at Battlefield Hero's forum
they started a huge thread,so i watched an episode,and got hooked
when i discovered Bronies , i was Amazed , Shocked , and Confused
I can't quite remember. I saw some bronies on the internet, saw they were happy, watched mlp and it made me happy.
A friend of mine showed me the show, and I got hooked!
i watched their memes..
found it on tv XD
i decided to watch 1 Episode
Jim, I did that with my mate Rob
Then one sleepless night, I sighed and ate the last chip in the bag as I opened up a new tab. Mentally, I insulted myself for even thinking of doing what I was about to do. And as I clicked on the video link upon YouTube, I was prepared to be disappointed.
Safe to say, I was not.
Did he like it, globe?
I watched the first couple episodes one night while talking to a friend on Facebook chat. By the end of the second or third episode I told my friend on chat "I'm watching ponies, I can't stop. I love it, What's wrong with me".
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3PtMPOyWTag&feature=related
I didn't get halfway through the first episode before realising that "Holy bit, this show is ABSOLUTELY AWESOME!"
did any one else just figure out that the voice actor for Pinkie Pie is also Fluttershy's?
did they then tell you about bronies
I rmr the first eps. I watched was Hearth's Warming Eve
moop: Known so for a while now.
same
Jim, at first he was like, "I'm too manly for this! I do karate! This is gay, gay, gay, gay, gay." A few weeks later, "Dude I'm a brony!"
Kammerjunk im alway late
moop: Usually, so am I.
:(
when i finished the First 2 , i was like "how could i...how could this happen? why do i love this?! IZ NOT POSSIBLE!!!"
Like i didn't know about bronies for a while \
I hate that the new episode has been leaked
then watched more Episodes
Can anyone else not stand pony puns?
finished Season 1
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3qJA2oBy-0&feature=related
But I have not watched it yet, I'll watch the new episode on saturday here as usual :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lc9JyGK0qCI
i finish season 1 in one day
You what the worst thing about having frequented /b/ for some years is? It's the void it leaves. After finding this fandom, I have seen a great deal of sad content, pony and otherwise. And yet, I only remember having actually cried at it once. Just recently, I read a series of sad comics. I felt a very brief sting of sadness, but then it was gone. And it pains me, it truly does. But one
can stand a world of pain for the sake of this fandom.
I watched the two first episodes with my friend. I acted like I wasn't that impressed by the show at first, but later that night when I got home, I stayed up to 8 am watching the episodes.
So thank you, everypony. This fandom has made my life something I thought it could not be.
And I loved it
sorry bout bad typing lol
if anyones interested hearts and hooves is already on youtube
meh, we are quite aware of it, and we are not talking about it
meh : DONT REMIND ME!!!
Don't watch it!
too late
favorite episode ever
ever
SHHH!
Big_Jakeintosh: me too
spoilers are still insta-ban meh i believe
but i wont speak of it
only heard song
I don't know about you, but I am waiting till' Saturday
I'm scared of the people that will be spamming spoilers.
i know im not going to say anything
in fact , one day , i don't know why , but my Lil' Bro told my Bigger Bro that i have a Song in my iPod called "Rainbow Factory"
he wanted to know what's it's all about. i told him
... I just came in and what is this?
he saw , at least , 3-5 minutes , and then we stopped it
sharing brony stories
the First Ep
oh i like that
I made my little brother a brony. He wanted me to play some game with him, and I said: "Fine, if you watch an episode of My Little Pony afterwards."
I AM NOT going to watch hearts and hooves untill saturday.
He got hooked on the show so quickly
is hearts and hooves out!?
Shush
ya
I already watched new episode couldnt resist
O_O
I don't know to watch it or not.
jokuc: stop reminding me -.-
a week or a few days later , he told one of his Friends in his Shop that i was a Brony , and what happened was...
where is everyone?
still gonna be there for the saturday stream
his friend explained to him about Bronies
he also told him that 89% of men are Bronies
GamerForevuur - reverse that statistic
brb nature calls
Only REAL men watch MLP FIM
89% .... ok not rly
wait , what do you mean? that's what my Bro said...
you know how some superhumans save sex till marriage to show there love? Im going to show my love for ponies by waiting till saturday
i think he meant 89% of bronies are men
89% of *bronies* are *men*
that's like 2 billion bronies
not 89% of *men* are *bronies*
ah, that way around
F**k i think your right
XD
because my god, if this show had an 89% rating with men world wide...
maybe i heard it wrong...
Bronism will soon become a religion
speaking of sex and pony episodes...Is it ok that I get more excited for the new episode than sex?
moop - too late
too late?
totally normal morty
Morty: That's normal
good
lol
brb
only thing that sucks is i cant speak of it till after saturday
^
i just saw it
no discussion of leaked ep
best episode ever
shhhhhhh
lol
meh you're just saying that to yank our chain.
^
its also in the rules
its pretty good
if my gf took her clothes off, opened her legs and said do me and the new episode was on, i honestly dont know what Id do...i think i would go with sex and watch it later but that would never happen because my gf would be too excited about ponies lol
Does anyone know how it was leakes? Did a ninja pony break in and steal it or something?
gf want sex, nah ponies
Morty: why not have sex while watching MLP FIM?
oh unfoundbug, why not both?
it was on itunes by mistake
sex while ponies?
Ahh
i think that topic is to be avoided
yep
it was an accidental early itunes realese that got took down shortly after
derp
HAI EVERYPONY!!!
how do u accidently put something on itunes
Moop: it wouldnt work
Three Rings for the Unicorn-kings under the sky, Seven for the Earth-ponies in their farms of stone, Nine for Pegasi, blessed with flight, One for the Dark Queen on her Dark Throne, In the Land of Equestria where the Nightmare lies.
Random LotR because I'm bored.
hi , Kipkat07
hi kipkst
they were trying to put episode 14 insted
i heard about the mistake yesterday and wondered if it was on youtube and it was and my little sister had just gotten home and pressured me to watching it early
Kipkat07: Salvê.
meh: That sucks.
worth it
totally
lol
whut... fansong rewrite of tenacious D involving a rockoff against nightmare moon
my lil sis watched it
this is either going to be the best song ever
or terrible
NOW RAINBOW MY DEAR I CAN NOT EXPRESS MY DELIGHT!
i'm just going to wait till it airs to be honest
<3
The way I see it, if it's not livestream, it had better be 1080p.
^
I will accept nothing less.
only 720 the copy i found
Hmm just opened itunes and it's in my download que.
queue
Any of you guys listened to Trixie Deos?
queueueueue
QUE
720 is not worthy!
actually i can live with 720, on my hd tv 1080 looks too good if you know what i mean
yeah
Globetrotter: No, what's that?
It sounds interesting, with the Trixie and all.
ITS ABUNDANTLY CLEAR THAT SOM
its like, ponies were not meant to be seen with that clarity
haha
correction, this song has a third possibility, WTF
Is there anything playing right now?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=LJP1DphOWPs
nope
I guess not
NOPE
Kammerjunk http://tinyurl.com/7xyqfbg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHOR9_yMakU&feature=related
All right, I'm going to take off for a bit. I'll be back on later tonight (from my perspective).
Kammerjunk: SHED.MOV is in the realted videos :'(
Will not watch.
I don't care for any of the .MOV videos.
Well, the first was alright at best.
moop this is so annoying xD
this is the most annoying thing ever
And weird
kammerjunk, did you get my link?
Morty: what is?
i actually laughed at shed.mov am i a bad person?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IuMA_D9axKI
Globetrotter: I did. I like it. It's putting me in the right mood for my essay.
Your not a bad person for laughing at it
meh yes u are
Cypresswolf: i love that song
I know right. I'm a metalhead and I like that song very much.
moop the find a F*cking pet thing
oh
hmmhmhmhm, something giant hat
its funny though, until it breaks my brain
I love that part of that song
They have strong throats
What is up my crackers!
is some one streaming?
don't think so
Shadowmere: Here's a little secret. The Earth is round.
There is no up and down!
being extra salty Shadowmere
does the streaming cost money?
Uhhh...
Wait... The earth is round?
When was this.
lol
6_9 oh.. wait nvm forgot what i was thinkin
Athena: Well, maybe not in GREEK mythology, but here, it is.
I tolded mai frend that i watch mlp and he looked at me like i was high :'(
I find this world silly.
It is quite silly, isn't it?
/me hugs kipkat07
The world is such a silly filly.
aww thankz :)
I showed a friend of mine when he ws high and he doesn;t remember seeing it im sad now :'(
Guys, costa rica or south african coast. Pick one.
^-^ /)
Appernetly it is
Mods still asleep? must have sung - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_4amc3a8IqE&feature=related
South Africa
Globetrotter: Sout Costa Coast.
South*
kipkat07 : you wanna revenge or turn him brony?
Mods are asleep.
Post humans.
mods are asleep time to post ponies
kipkat07 but the mods post ponies -.-
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ppqRlLcEmSk&feature=related
Mods are awake, post ponies.
Cypresswolf: That is good and you should feel good.
Cypresswolf: that was the best mix of d'aaww and lol
Mods are alseep? Ha! Good one. Mods don't sleep... There always watching
always
POST PONIES NOW
well I gotta get some stuff done might be on later tonight but for sure will be here for movie night tomorrow later guys :)
cypress
always... FOREVER!!!
toodles Big_Jakeintosh~
i dont like the human ponies :/
Always waiting.
foorEEEVEEEEERRRR
oh my god, twi shuffeling is awesome
im actually so sad
mglw'nafh* goddammit
http://www.fanboy.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/My-Little-Pony-Friendship-is-magic-Rainbow-Dash-4chan-Mods-are-alseep-400x304.jpg
i lost all the pony episodes i downloaded
stay tuned, Ive got more...when the topic que's it
Cypresswolf: QUE
QUE QUE
Q!
all except 6 episodes gone
Que?
Que!
Mods are awake, post humans
Que?!
sup dari
quick run!
No, QUE. You have to say it in a Spanish accent.
:P Cue
/me scampers
lol
this is why though i bought on itunes, i only ever watch my youtube rips
Oh hi, dari.
aaaah mods are awake
Hey
1080p all the hds
OHAI DARI
Pool cue~
does this count as human? http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-lets-get-to-that-party-quick.gif
¡que!
Pool QUE.
This is awesome: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QGUQfJ7xfME&list=FLXgHqoqFvpsqBPpYnWlCdRw&index=12&feature=plpp_video
I could que all day.
Video is not avaliable in your country :/
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h2cpWg1lpSE&feature=related
Aw... It isn't?
So, uhm... What about the Naughty VS. Nice marathon? What was the mareathon all about?
Uh... Ponies?
And even more importantly, did I miss anything special?
yeah, what happened with that?
Athena what that a typo? surely it should be Ponies:D
so, how about that iTunes fuck up?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g3sDenJwtJ8&feature=related
1940's MLP FIM: http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-wVRLoBC3kp8/TvJwEKaTmCI/AAAAAAAAYsg/WiKabqTgARk/s1600/pony_noir_by_tygerbug-d4js4ge.jpg
RAWRity, no spoilers
unfoundbug: Oh! I mean *ahem* Ponies...
i lost in 9 seconds
awesome moop
:D
RAWrity : they hired derpy so she would fell a little better putting episode 14 into itunes by herself
Morty: I lost
moop: Yes. I like this.
Jim i did too
glad u do
lol looks like something of a old movie
and she derped\
why are there no apple hiring derpy comics?
there will be
give it time
Philamina is in that Pic
so I wonder how many people they sold the episode (or season passes) to during that little mess up...
unfoundbug: comics take time to make.
indee
Some fan fics > Comics
d
tematric: enough that it's on YT now.
i'm not sure about the fics athena
and i like comics better cus i hate reading
Some fics are really good~
i doubt it will be long
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F2fGIUi7D9A&feature=related
Some fanfics own comics for sure.
So I have an essay for tomorrow. It's 22:28 here.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JH8eRff9DCs - Applebloom
Clock is ticking, Twilight.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DCd-521L1MQ&feature=related What is this I dont even
Clock.
Is.
TICKING.
I like how Twilight's got the joker
Good luck Kammerjunk ~
the only one that happy is pinkie
08,01i'm so excited
moop: well there's twilight's problem, YOU DON'T USE A JOKER IN POKER. Specially not a Discord Joker.
Oh~ Hey Starflash ^^
-throws a link down- http://bronies.memebase.com/ NEW PONIES FOR FREE!
Ohai Athena :3
08,01i'm doing a strand test on my hair for the bleach and the pink dye
Can't hear ya. Ah'm asleep.
RAWRity it actually makes the game rather amusing
Pinky Pie has best pokerface
specially if one comes up in the flop
RAWRity: do you gamble?
/me hugs Starflash~
bets go through the roof
/me hugs Athena back~
3Ohai guys :3
hiya SlurryMoon
Hey slurry~
ohai
/me hugs SlurryMoon as well~
HI
hi slurry moon
/me hugs Starflash back :3
haihai :3
NINJA: The Mission Force http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oR5KMWKcMy8
-grunts a bit, and slams the link down again- http://bronies.memebase.com/ who else knew about dis?
somepony going to stream?
looks like mods are awake
w- w- w- wait, the whole new pony episode is leaked?
Starflash; Ayup me duck
HI RAINBOWJACK
yea!
Say wut
Athena: yes. iTunes posted it early by mistake.
eeyup, seen it
hero, that site actually turned me brony
When was this... Was this when the world became round...
o sry canterlock
Athena yes
on memebase, they have the WHOLE hearts and hooves day episode free!
why would you link that?
hi Kipkat07
oh lawd, I do not wish to see it yet
herostar: they also have it on youtube.
and youtube
dude, leaked episode = early pony night!
Please, some people wishes to wait for Saturday before they see the episodes
REMEMBER THE RULES, NO TALKING ABOUT LEAKED EPISODE
^
not sorry about caps, i believe they were necessary
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-21XG77CKf2A/Tt6fMlmx6gI/AAAAAAAAW3M/L6v4drPLyLY/s1600/Cover.jpg
i wait till saterday for the new epi
-grunts a bit- these bronies i dont understand... i need to learn their ways...
Norwegian magazene
/me has to wait till sunday :(
moop: mfw that's norwegian
ekips ; ayup me duck
ekips, do what i do, alter your sleep schedule for the weekend
What do you mean herostar?
Jim: i know :3
Oh yeah, and hi everpony!! :)
hi RaveBrony
hiya RaveBrony
hi RaveBrony
Any stream going on?
im out of videos that I havent shown...you know what that means ^_^
i mean everypony else ive met on other sites would search daily for a leaked episode. here, noone wants to see it...
I don't think there is a stream
Good.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moPhf0yJ8mI
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UB9ELCC-kM&feature=g-like&context=G24a3e12ALTzOBwAA4AA
hero, what other site has thousands of people staying up till ungodly hours to watch an episode live
Now... I need to watch ponies! early.
and probably over 10,000 people there when it is
everyone here should watch this right now: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oR5KMWKcMy8
Athena
np
no
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6p6juBq7p4&feature=g-hist&context=G25d6345AHTzQ6ewAHAA
Restrain!
They're coming to take me away, ha ha, they're coming to take me away, ho ho, to the funny farm. Where life is beautiful all the time and I'll be happy to see those nice young men in their clean white coats and they're coming to take me away, HA HAAA!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=juCHINBUj80&feature=related
so many videos to watch
I was thinking about reposting this tomorrow, but most likely wouldnt get away with it.. soo
i always wondered
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-KR5lHvTgZKQ/TtLIfzjod2I/AAAAAAAAVsM/4LB3ahwqZQc/s1600/90143+-+alligators+applejack+artist+lovemimi+badass+deinosuchus+fluttershy+pinkie_pie+rainbow_danger_dash+rainbow_dash+rarity+twilight_sparkle+wet_mane.jpg
is that a reference to annoying orange
awesome moop
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/list/cupcakes/1 - Aren't those the cutest cupcakes you've ever seen? ^_^
yes they are but i like the purple ones more
Hello! Have your daily dose of sadness! http://i41.tinypic.com/wam0ec.png Goodbye!
still no stream
:| Lousy buffering... Hang on
time for RAGE
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/128252?search=cupcakes
steam sale ftw
There we go :)
is there a stream
that gave me a sad
They're coming to take me away, ha ha, to the happy home. With trees and flowers and chirping birds and basket weavers who sit and smile and twiddle their thumbs and toes and they're coming to take me away, HA HA!
RawketLawnchair you just destroyed my good mood
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-cbKUJJlqLE8/Tsbbubn6n7I/AAAAAAAAUn8/Y0iHz2eOYEQ/s1600/final_snip_by_tsitra360-d4gimyf.jpg
is there a stream
eenope
moop: Where do you find all these awesome pictures?
Which is good. Because Crazy Sparkle is terrifying.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moPhf0yJ8mI
Sorry, i had to check on mah food. herostar, I like all episodes to be a surprise when i see them. Gives it a more exciting element in watching the show :P
Jim: some of them are on Equestria daily the others i just come across
I keep replaying When I'm 20% cooler.
So awesome.
:)
lol
Suddenly, dari.
I love all those 'When I'm....' videos xD
I like the When I'm movies, they have pretty pictures
they must be streamed! Now!!
i enjoy the music of the when im.. videos
Krakass: That is beautiful.
Instasaved.
Wow....I wish i could make pictures like that....
That sure is some pretty pictures Krakass and moop
BYE
It makes me so jealous...
bye moop
Bye moop! Take care!
Hello! Have something to make up for my sad! http://i44.tinypic.com/fa50g1.jpg Goodbye!
I think I just found myself a new desktop wallpaper
i gotta eat ill be back in about 30 min
bye moop
RawketLawnchair: As long as it doesn't ruin the franchise.
^^
Enjoy moop!
Food is for the weak.
Ugh!
http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110721041651/gyropedia/images/thumb/e/e8/130430413634.jpg/250px-130430413634.jpg
Yes Kammerjunk, you eat because you are weak and needs to get stronger
All these pony pictures make me sad because I'm on Earth.
Lol, indeed, Jim
They're coming to take me away, ha ha.
:o
http://www.furaffinity.net/view/7366192 - Ponies are Resiliant
to the rainbow factory Kammerjunk :P
To the funny farm where life is beautiful all the time and I'll be happy to see those nice young men in their clean white coats and they're coming to take me away, HA HAAA!
08,01zomg
08,01just... zomg.
Epic pic Cypresswolf! xD
/me 08,01zips his mouth completely and utterly shut
k
which one?
/me unzips
Rememeber when you ran away and I got on my knees and begged you not to leave because I'd go beserk?
Well...
O.o
/me ....
08,01i may need to stay out of the channel until saturday
You left me anyhow and then the days got worse and worse and now you see I've gone completely out of my mind!
Why??
08,01must... resist... urge... to spoilerise
you watched it didn't you!
:(
bad pony!
Ah! No spoilers!
you can tell me if it makes you feel better
08,01DON'T WORRY, MY LIPS ARE SEALED
why would you do that... :'(
Aww, now you're making me want to see it, but I don't want to!
just chat with me,im gonna miss it anyway
:(
08,01but it's SO INCREDIBLY HARD
O_O Spoilers? /)>_<(\ LALALALALA Not Listening! Not Listening!
08,01which is also what your mum said last night
^^
08,01*ahem*
O_o
Can't hear you! I'm asleep!
bow chicka wow wow
Saved by the link! *Escapes through link*
You thought it was a joke and so you laughed, you laughed when I had said that losing you would make me flip my lid.
Right?
calm the hell down XD
08,01ekips: i was talking about cheese, of course
08,01hard parmesan cheese.
lol at dari-bots link being a spoiler
08,01delicious.
lol
sometimes.....i DREAM of cheese
I know you laughed, I heard you laugh, you laughed you laughed and laughed and then you left, but now you know I'm utterly mad!
o
i just love the song i am listening to now
Hes a techy, not a mod afterall
FLIM AND FLAM!!
derp
o
morning everyone
Rainbowjack: So do I. But it's creepy.
mornin phase
mornin Phase4 ^_^
ohai Phase4
its 4:47 PM here
heya Phase4
XD
morning Phase4
herro
hi Phase4
whats our time difference XD
Kammerjunk: why do you say that?
same here 4:47
08,01i'm merely a techie, not a mod
yesh
Rainbowjack: Because http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moPhf0yJ8mI
Rainbowjack, i love that song! :)
22:48 where i am
DERP?
-8:48 here
09:48'
im sad season 2 is almost over
i meen 08:48
its 10:50
I wouldnt use the word merely... :(
usa connecticut
damnit! i just woke up, shoudl NOT be so derp
22:48 here
at night
Dont sat that Morty! Youlll make me sad!
22:50 here
:( sorry
Morty: In what, 8 episodes?
WHAT!?!
T.T
That's almost three months
SEASON ALMOST OVA?
IMPOSSIBRU
I hope not!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
or 5 episodes...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=TLsLlDHUYqw
...
Guys.
08,01i want there to be a FiM movie
Relax.
how long will be the break between season 2 and 3?
S3 was highlighted when S2 had just begun.
only 9, I mean 10 episodes left.
stream o.o
We'll have enough poni.
Ooh
08,01they'd make so much money off it
i see stream
lol
Is that a stream I see?
08,01because bronies
...and we have a stream
^_^ Lyra: I'm Helping!
Is that a stream I see?
I wonder who?
suddenly stream
dashd
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kpxnUUi-Mmw
DASHEYES!
Yes!!
Gotta love When I'ms
Oh jesus! that scared me
yesh
Guys. S3 highlighed long ago.
Wait give me the link to this! I've been trying to find this for weeks!
Relax. I need some information first.
Inb4 "When Im Daring"
Again!
:D
/me 08,01goes to EqD
Dat face.
Just the basic facts. Can you show me where it hurts?
how long will be the break between season 2 and 3?
i showed thei showed the mods this videp
Link me this please! I've been trying to find it for weeks!
Cypresswolf, theres a "When I'm Daring"!?
/me 08,01is soo surprised
ekips: A thousand years.
i hear dari
This is true :o
lol
win
There will be!
:D
lol dari
Hey guys, could you all check out a fanfic im working on
ohai dari
Name of it/
omfg
What is the name of these vids?
i'll post thie link
When I'm x
please!
i was lagging like hell
When I'm ...
When I'm Great and Powerful?
Globe
Oh
Ah!!
And there it is! ^_^ - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ihMkQK1PEA
looop!
Put stream on too high quality
Sec
07,01streamceptions!
dat stream
When I'm 20% cooler
Oh phew, my head almost exploded!
ohai Lulu :3
more quality!
thats the title
:D
07,01ohai everyone
i see no stream...
^_^
07,01want some more nostalgia later on/
07,01?
hi woona
indeed
gmod
Sure!
dats wat i want
So dari, how are those David Tennant wet dreams you have been having coming along? :P
http://www.fimfiction.net/story/10224/The-Story-without-a-name-so-far Password: djackson
Lawl DWR.
DainbowRash: You can't blame him, really.
You know its true.
XD
It -is- Tennant.
Heheh
lulz
teehee
:)
Dammit Dari.
Derpyy
:)
And as we all SHOULD know, Tennant is of course sexiest Doctor.
6_9
NOPE
chuck testa
Daribot strikes again!
lolwut?
Sean Connery is best Doctor
NOPE
or was it dari bot? hmmmm
Lol! xD
someone kicked me -_-
ofna01: Daribot.
I bet the Daris did this.
GOD DAMNIT DARI
/me kicks ofna01
/me wants more Rarity!! :[ plz :$
ah hah!
ofna01: Welcome to the otakon club
snowing here in england
dont you dare youas-*ofna01 has been kicked*
/me kicks ofna01 in the knee. With an arrow.
home to Goddamitdaribot.avi
lol
Lol! xD
tom is sexy indeed
It's snowing over here alexxm? I'm notts, where are you?
!cd
Episode 17 of season 2 "Hearts and Hooves Day" airs in 1 days, 17 hours, 34 minutes, 57 seconds (Feb 11 2012 15:30:00 GMT)
That works, sort of :D
SPECIAL K
I think Tom Likes the stream :/
stretham Globetrotter
k
/me head explodes
i hear
^^
YESH
DASHEH
It's the Rainbow Dash Show!
thanks randomer for looking at my story :)
STUPID AD
Featuring Matt Smith!
MOVE NOW
its not letting me close the ad D:
brb gotta refresh
dat pinkeh!
What foul language was that?
Jim: The language of the Old Gods.
Jim: Peanutbutterenese
Cthulu!
Yaay!
Yes.
do this one , its Celestia http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzWmTyW30IM please
seizures
O.O
ITS STILL THAR
ALL REQUESTS GO IN-- you know what... nevermind'
AD'S GO AWAY NAO
alexxm but the seizers are so good
The original is "Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn", R'lyeh being where dead Chulthu lies sleeping.
dat mac
:)
dat Big Mac
i'm getting headaches from this
The flashing makes me want to put my hand on the screen to save my eyes, but PONIES! I need to see them
eeyup
epic
did i see wetmane big mac ?
: D
TrixieMuffin: Eeyup
Best one with Fluttershy
uhm, yay
Meh. Still not better than When I'm Great and Powerful.
uhm....yay?
O.O they even remix the sound?? Awesome!
Rule Number Pony: All characters must have wetmanes. No exceptions.
Oh gosh.
Mah boi!
:D
how about mick foley playing the penguin in a batman film
dafuq?!
aww yeah
00,10must be dari, i reconize that cursor
Da king.
Lozzle Cakes its the king
This is awesome
Please , please , please , do the Celestia one , When i'm princess
Yes, Sumica. Yes, it is.
dat ding
inb4 When Im Pingas
00,10welp, off to work. have fun
Have fun Sumica
Cya Sumica
ohai Sumica
see u sumica
obai Sumica
see ya Sumica
lol I'm off to sleep soon Sumica.
Bye Sumica!
bye anyways
bye sumica
/me was in another tab because he doesnt want to explain ages explaning to his uncle why ponies are on his screen
...and we have Zecora
Bye Sumica
yes we have zecora
spend ages explaning'
can ya link me to that zecora one>
LOL!!
awsome
Angel!
...and we have Angel
I'll get the Zecora link for you
Just found one buried in my favs I meant to share a few months ago :)
yes zecora we have gone mad
When I'm trolling
i said that phase4
I'll try requesting it Saturday night. If its not shown there, I'll post it sometime next week
alexxm: indeed you did
yep
when i'm molesting
ok then
Mr. Poniator vids!
I was expecting "Gotcha" at the beggining of that :\
Nooooo the other Celestia one , it has the best Drop it and Aww yeah parts everrrrrrr
What Morty said.
O.o
something super awesome
Mr.Poniator vids
dash is born to win
...
OMG that one is so wrong
When Im Drunk - Berry Punch?
The Mr poniator vid with rarity and molestia
there it is
:D
lol
Twitchie tail?
woah
oh god what is this
Have you streamed the newest mr Poniator vid yet?
was that a carl princess celestia i saw?
Did I see a fat man Celestia in there somewhere?
Globetrotter: you did
Dem pings
Good god why?
ohai MrPoniator
Mmmmk, someone apparently likes Celestia alot O.o
Oh hello MrPoniator
Globetrotter i think it was carl from Aqua team hunger force
yay
Yay! Sour & Poor!
lol WINGBONER INCOMING!!!
now!
Dat tune.
:D
lol
eeeew
xD
dat no
poor spike
never gets lod!
more victims
old*
Back to the Derpy
lol!
lol yes
Wait. I'm not Mr. Libouski. You are Mr. Libouski. I'm the Dude!
Nnnnnope!
LOL derp
kill dash
:o
nooooo
how did derpy manage that
Derpy is very silly.
o.o
that she is
She probably wrote 1337 or something.
i should get food but stream
:o
Derpy's got a heart of gold, but an ass of depleted uranium.
lol
stream with ponies on it
dat requiem for a dream
^
Well that's a good start. "NOPONY BREAKS A PINKIE PROMISE!" Hey everypony.
rofl!!
dat cardcrusher face
dat face
ohai Meanwhile
that face is awesome
You want this cider?
I want it.
CANTINA DANCE
:D
Fluttershy feels wrong.
/me pours the cider on the ground
Whats the book say?
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL:D
/me makes the card crusher face
EPIC PIE TIME BRONY CON VERSION
Swag.
bunny
dat was awsome
Awkward dancind for eggheads, apparently
book said awkward dancing for eggheads
Bunneh
???
helo im here
ohai StickySyrup
hello StickySyrup
Ah, ty xD
hi stickysyrup
It looooops!
hello XD
StickySyrup ayup me duck
i just dont know what went wrong
6_9:P derpyyyyyyy
^
Ditzy Doo, I love you.
lol dead pool
Poor AJ
and then my stream died?
Damnit Deapool.
heh heh heh
we're doome
Damnit d key.
awwww
why'd that happen
Awwwwwwww
doomed
:(
aaaaw
suddenly forever alone face
:'(
:(
D'aww
LOL
ITS SO TRUE
EPIC PIE TIME!!!!!
So dramatic.
Pfft, I thought it was damn considerate of them to give him cake.
dat dance
Oh Gosh not that
lolnope
nononononononononononononononononnnonon
dat face
I'm off everypony. I've got sixth form tomorrow.
Please
Oh yes
Party time ^^
Hey, is there any news on Derpy's name? I heard something about that awhile ago, but never bothered to look again
I hate it.
And then this looped for 10 hours
epic pie time please!
seeu globetrotter
RaveBrony: not being changed
lol
love that
See ya Globetrotter
Best 10 hours ever spent
10 hours? Challenge Accepted!
Phase4, really? Good :)
it
is
on
i thought this was the troll vid for a moment
Do you all know where this is from? >.>
yes
Where it comes from doesn't matter.
we shall not speak of it
>_>
Yes, but this is the only part of that vid I enjoy
epic pie time!!!
Here we go
Ty, most sickening....ick... next vid!
i watched the troll one untill a hammer apeared and was like 'nope' and instakilled my brwoser
YES
Woot!!
wtf!?
love dis
Apple japple japple.
Poneh Fabulous!
Rarity is a little bitch. Canon.
^
Love this too
Applejack is not amused.
like she beats applebloom
i need applejack daniels soooooo much
*headbang*
Woot! Vinyl Scratch!
/me bobs head
i want a bottle of that Applejack danials
lets spin this s*squee*
moar applejack daniels!
rainbowglasses
Broken glass adds texture!
gaybaconstrips
btw, that url works
It does.
haybaconstrips
chat went quiet
It did.
love how she holds that can with 1 hoof!
ikf
Yeah, the pie is guilty.
poor rairty
just loving this
ikr
We're entranced with the video.
Becuz were watching the awesome vid!
what is this i dont even...
Marshmellow hooves.
rarity eats stuff that calls her a bitch, seems legit
Well, I'm going to hit the hay.
Dat owlet.
Good night Kammerjunk
Sweet dreams.
Night Kammerjunk
night Kammerjunk
bai kammerjunk
dash is born to win
nigth
night
cya kammerjack
whats that one in the top left, never seen that
Quit marshing my mellow.
Cya Kammerjunk
10,02Suddenly this chat O___o
i see meanwhile on EQD
hey sb
10,02Ohai :>
ohai SB
HAI Superbron64
Good day, SB! :)
how ya been>
hi SB64
Herro
/me hugs SuperBrony64 /)
ohai SuperBrony64
Hey SB.
/)
/me is tacklehugged O___o
^
/me /)(\ Tarku
:) (\
/me /)(\ Phase4 and RaveBrony
luv this
/me suddenly needs to put pants on.
:D
Best pianist
10,02O U
10,02U SO SILLY
6_9
i can has be site mod plzzz??
Woot! :$
Derpy is best pianist.
brohoofs, brohoofs everywhere
Oh Supes.
better than mozart
We all know that YOU are the silliest.
now i need food
awwww
D'awwwww
07,01dawwwww
:o
suddenly Lulu
d'awwwww
d'aaaaaaaaaww
D
What is this and how do I give it my money?
that definately is one lovely owl
What is this? xD
Owlowicious is best pet.
Phas4
owl's are beautiful creatures
Hey, Phase4
ohai RawketLawnchair
07,01so cute!
Barn owl so damn beautiful
SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!!
10,02Kipkat07: We currently aren't recruiting for more Mods at the moment, but keep an eye out on the newsletter for whenever recruitment opens up again.
Phase4, your food is now a pony. http://i42.tinypic.com/35hqko9.png
KK
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APMheQP3pgU do this one next
Till they cough up an owl pellet
I suddenly want a pet owl
So thats real?? The eyes look fake O.o then again ive never seen a real owl in person
dee ayy and lots of double you's
10,02Owls are cool :3
RawketLawnchair: but i dont want to eat a pony :(
SB you streaming?
oh hey... happy owl
All your other food is gone.
RaveBrony: these are real
10,02No Rainbowjack
the little owl is so awesome
Whatever shall you do?
Cool :o
that same video is in the top left
Does anyone know of a decent ad blocker for chrome yet?
who is streaming?
07,01dawwww
10,02I'm at school...passing out in your classes O___o
mips is getting on my nerves
07,01Dari is
Hey! I was Finally able to take that pony personality test this morning!!
Adblock Plus experimental beta
Got Fluttershy O.o
hnnnnngggg
07,01Kitty!
Meanwhile: adblock plus works if you fiddle with it, dont think theres a properly working one yet
07,01waaat
ouch
07,01how dare you!
hoverdog
>: )
finally someone said what i was thinking
Fluttershy & Rainbow Dash
i need to go hit the hay , night
07,01night dashiee
nighty night dashiee
http://adblockplus.org/devbuilds/adblockpluschrome-experimental/00latest.crx
good night dashiee
hay deserved better than being hit
Bye dashiee! Sleep well!
night my little dashie
aww...mousey teddy bear
Instructions here http://adblockplus.org/en/development-builds about halfway down
got your nose ^^
Right so should I still get adblock even when it wants my data on all websites and my tabs and browsing activity? -_-
I really shoud get ready for my 3 hour drive, but stream sucks me away from being productive
should
can we check out dash is born to win
Jim: Look out he's got a nose!
O U
:P
10,02O U
10,02U SO SILLY
its dangerouse out there.... take this
Hey Phase4, if you don't want to eat a sandvich pony, you could laways go out to eat. . .Wait a minute. . .http://i44.tinypic.com/2anvqe.png
which one filly
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=argCvDpk_KQ
the hedgehog
RawketLawnchair: :'(
i knew that there would be 1 more animal in somones hand so i was saving that till one cam up :P
Seriously is there a way to have adblock without having to give it all my internet activity?
lolwut
Dovahcore
wat
07,01meanwhile which browser are you using?
since when does adblock want your data?
angles
bunnies, bunnies everywhere
bunneh
angles everywhere
No, it has to look at what you're loading to see if it needs to block it.
bunny hop
D:
NOOOO
all of them?
Fluttershy does not approve...
The horror! The horror!
y not use flames?
Flutterrage
anypony have a handgranade
they dont seem to be dying
peta would be pissed...and then would do it themselves
just saying
but don't worry, they aren't real so it's ok
"YOUR GOING TO LOVE ME"!!!!!
there u go <<<
07,01Noooo!
oh god
toastercam
i hate this guy though
dat Skyrim
YAY!...*hears yelling* :[ I - I mean...*help me*
Dear lord! O_o
nononononononnnnonononononono
My flash crashed, what's going on?
this is quite wrong
Heheheheh
He's laughing so madly
Oh check it, rabbit stew.
hes... burning puppies
the horrers!!!
so must rabbit meat
>:(
i think u mean hilarlous phase4
roasty toasty bunnies
FUS ROH DA
hey guys whats going on...
Dari can you play this one next? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APMheQP3pgU
oh god dead bunnies
alexxm: no, i'm prety sure i meen wrong
Whoever this is sure hates rabbits.
the female fus roh da is not even half as good as the male one
ohai Chocolate
Oh wait their rabbits XD
ikr
Hey Chocolate
helooooooooooooo friends
bunnehs
oh god not mroe
more'
nooooooooooooooooo more!!!!
Chocolate you say?
What is this place filled with so many wonders~
That's a torment to us all.
CHOCOLATE!!
yes, i am chocolate
They're... ALOVE?!??!??!
And that laugh :<
*alive
This right here is full of WIN http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Otaq2tmNMM
Rabbitsicles.
Lozzle Cakes XD
lolwut
The rabbits are revolting
Cypresswolf: xD
07,01dem pixels...
In their tongue he is Bunnykin, rabbitborn!
is that freeze thing the one that causes that bug where you start glitching through the air?
...
oh this one
uhhhhhh
more owls
watch
Who?
so we go from bunny massarcre to owls
Dayum
Dem eyes.
07,01lol
he dont take shit from no-owl
oh shi--
Evil owl. Sounds legit.
PFft
FUUUUUUUU
lol
DA FUQ?!?!?
/me suddenly doesn't want an owl anymore
DRACULA Owl
Turned into Count Owlula.
Fluttershy has an opponent now.
i see what you did thar
HOLY MOTHER OF NAZARETH
WAT
Before/after
that would make a good 'i c w u d t' pic
LOVE IT
DA FUQ?
Reminds of the Janitors evil eye in Scrubs.
why do japanese videos have a cube in a corner with people reacting ti ut
anyone saw the new episode of mlp
metalrainbowdashchan: no spoilers
NO!!!
07,01is...that a spider...=!
This will require hours of therapy...
Decided not to.
07,01?!
no metalrainbowdashchan, keep it that way
Discord: *sigh* this again.
NO SPOILERS!@!!!!!!!!!!
/me is waiting until saturday like a good little colt
lolz
do the one I posted
Let's watch a toad play on an Ipod. Quote of the day right there.
Inb4 nommed hand
lolwut
XDDD
lol
Rofl
this is cool
Hahahah
LOL
07,01lol
xD
LOL
hahahaha!
pwned
^_^
hahahahahaha
:D
PWND!~!!
Kitteh!
yesh
the one with the chamelion is cuter
Inb4 it does.
waitasec
07,01lol!
hahahaha
07,01what the
XDDDDD
Kittech!
Catball defies your logic.
d'awwwwww
Katamari damaci
it fits
goddamitdaribot
can it get out
d'awwww
so sad though
...and hes stuck
This is too cute
how does he get out?
not sure if stuck. or playing
snail
07,01nah he can get out
nom :3
o
yeah, he's playing
Having too much fun nomming his own tail.
http://i41.tinypic.com/1448z2x.jpg Help!
Hi everypony
lol RawketLawnchair
RawketLawnchair: lol
Hello Purple`Prose
ohai Purple`Prose
see it fits
Dawwwwwwwwwww
hi purple
hi Purple'Prose
RawketLawnchair: jarcat disaprooves
hi Purple`Prose
ohai Purple`Prose
do the Space Stallions!
chat is silent, cats on the stream
07,01^
noooo not again
^^
Chat is asleep. Post kitties.
07,01cats are awesome
dari can u show dash is born to win
cat vids = internet
Yeah alexxm
ponies r better Lulu
thanks dari
AW YEAH
awwwwwwwww yea
hey all
im gonna sing along
do POKEAWSOME!!!
lol brok
Rofl
I thought it was a cat. :/
not on here i cant type that fast
nononononononononononononononononononononononononono
:$
XD
O_O
:D
hi
lololololololoolloloololollolololololololol
Urgh, right in the childhood.
/me backs away from brok slowly
The 80's show that was never made in the 80's http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Otaq2tmNMM Space Stallions!
:D
fondeling with Pokemon :S
POKEMON!
pokeawsome
07,01which reminds me...
Im...going to go....now
07,01I should stream the 80's show
so did anyone read my story?
brock is best molestria
I had a brief 0_o moment there Lulu.
Lulu: 80's what?
overused PMV footage is overused :p
That 80's show?
The intro reminds me of Trogdor
Dashie is so cute!!!:D<3
Fillyshy is cuter.
POKEAWSOME!!!!
Fillyshy looks kind of awkward IMO.
wrong
Legs too long for body
I prefer filly Dash too.
Kind of like a baby deer.
10,02^
But that's why she's cute
Isn't she supposed to be older than the others?
http://trenchescomic.com/comic/post/celestial
I really like filly Dash's mane
...because she looked like a baby deer?
hi fans
eeyup
at least older than pinkie
10,02Fluttershy was a baby deer...until she turned into a pegasus....O__O That needs to be a fanfiction now
well, then again, Bambi :p
Have you ever seen a baby deer?
They're pretty damn cute.
Fluttershy is the oldest, isn't she?
SuperBrony64: Get on that
Even when they stop in front of your car.
SuperBrony64, that's a bad idea and you should feel bad.
ssup!
what r we watching?
Also, the smaller a pony is, the cuter it is. http://i44.tinypic.com/rkmxzn.png
10,02Ohai Hazard3 :3
hey hazard
Hey Hazard
hey Hazard3
POKEAWSOME next plz
:D
Rainbowjack: I dont think dari is taking requests :p
rd will die in a freaky air show accident
/me has to fetch food
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lz4o86TFdm1qlurcwo1_400.png
brb
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6p6juBq7p4&feature=g-like&context=G27bcf2eALTzQ-MQAAAA
dat RAWRity
Sweetie Belle is Spy!
That Rarity is a happy face.
No, wait.
soooo, anyone else avoiding ponychan untill saturday?
That's Rarity.
I sure am
ponychan?
Chocolate: don't visit it anyway.
what's wrong with ponychan?
Jim: oh hi jim
/me doesnt go on ponychan in the first place :p
A very, very tiny Rarity
Oh hi Chocolate
derpy_pony, what ISN'T wrong with ponychan?
Chocolate: I just went ahead and watched the leak so I wouldn't have to live in fear of spoilers for 3 days.
DOOOHOHOHOH!
Rarity made a clone but the machine messed up and thus became SWEETE BELLE
haven't been there in the last two weeks
CHOCOLATE!!!!
Oh lol I saw that.
I don't want spoilers, so I avoid ponychan for a few days
lol
RawketLawnchair: this is not a useful answer
wtf?
RAWRity: its off itunes i think
wtf!!?
ohey, he is kinda taking requests :p
YES!!!
Whatever you feel like man
Chocolate: but it's on YT.
haha
why did this have to happen
now I have to look on ponychan
:D
this is amazing
PIIIIIIIIIIIIIKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!
Thunder ... Strash
play this plzzz http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6p6juBq7p4&feature=g-like&context=G27bcf2eALTzQ-MQAAAA
RAWRity: no
Pinkaaaaa
Hazard3: Welcome to the world of EgoRaptor
/me is sad...request hasn't been put up yet and posted it twice...
oh...that's nice
:D
Chocolate: no to what? It's on YT. I know, that's where I watched it.
Forever unaware of how requests go.
knee
solar beam to the knee
HAAH
haha
:D
now I have to find a pony episode
hahahah! årh poor Thing!
don;t start that
Invisible puke.
:D
he didnt evolve him because he was afriad pikachu was probably not oging to be the same ever again
NERD
pikachu is an ass
inb4 more egoraptor
ive seen awesome noire!
hilarious!
So much for an ending.
Egoraptor is great.
noire
lmao
or not
XD
:D
LOL
how about some ashens
:D
NO :O
:D
haha :D
I saw Harry Partridge's Skyrim in there. Need that at some point.
dat fresh prince
haha
1,3good evening everypony :)
did that pikachu become a whiterun guard?
ohai kirzstryfe
Evening kirzstryfe
ohey kirzstryfe
Evening Kirz
hey
Bell Air? THIS! IS! PONYVILLE!!!!
the mute button had occurred
evening kirzstryfe
hey kirzstryfe
:D
yo homes smell ya later
actually...
RainbowcrashNBurn: Nah, Riften.
best intro ever
its pretty good
prince my ass!
Prince?...
hes the PIMP OF BELL AIR!
wish they would have used the original theme.
...
Race like Rainbow Dash
this is awesome
awwww yea!
dat DnB...
and then there was much muting of the wubwubwubwubwub
Dupstep Ftw ^^
pinkie has the best one of these
/me wubs
wubwubwubwubwubwubwubwubwubwubwubwubwub
Dash was kinda short :/
i thin k ihave a seifmsghVUigfvibhvivb
RAWRity: not wubstep, DnB
Party Like Pinkie is good yea :D
and there was NO muting
Hazard3: We have the best fanbase in the world
da hell?
lolz
:P
INB4 L.O.
Who's this guy?
uktv Gold. Do want.
2 ronnies?
what show is this from
trololo guy
japan has the best fanbase in the world
DO IT!
for some reason they do
That's not swedish
ima check my FIMFiction account brb
in zhe bedroom
We go!
LO
P.T.
RAWRity: nooooo... that was Drum and Bass... it has bass... but its different
Hey, who linked the fimfiction earlier?
Lolz
lol
L.O AL
What the hell am i watching!?!
TT!
wtf????:P
CT.
Big Swedish TT's.
XD
Tts!
I like how he's speaking with a german accent, and stating he's swedish
Another guy!
Whatever -__-
LO R U BC
L.O. fuck!!!!!!!:D
that ham looks disgusting.
9.
lol
H m X.
Lol!
i can't follow...
Have you any ham?
ARRRRR
OOOOO
my brain hates you
O.K is a win
what are they saying
Rofl!!
LOL
XDD
LOL
i lost track
DUh...:P
lol
you silly cow
Lawl, I can't believe anyone doesn't get it.
I got the last one :D
S.I.L.L.Y C.O.W
It's pretty simple.
Ikr.
I do!
I could talk like that the Whole day!
lol
but then evrybody would kick my flank to the moon eventually
Have you any eggs/ ham/ tea?
Wuts this?
Eeyup.
Bacon sweets?
EVERYPONY
Jim: More likely humbugs
Cheerio...
inb4 too much trouble
see u shadowmere
what are we watching???
Classic British comedy apparently.
Trouble>
almost like Bennyhill kind of show
back RJ
whoever is streaming... you gotta show the four candles/fork handles sketch
British Comedy is. .. best comedy?
Who linked "The story without a name so far"? Just realized you need a password O.o
or Monty Python?
sry yes i meant(cough) evrypony, Keyboard Ran a prank on me =(
inb4 Monty Python
i would rather monty python
^
benny hill show :D Ftw
inb4 he don't like any of them
Benny hill theme is amazing!
djackson i think is the password
