dat super strength
Absolute Terror field?
ded
silly name
More ew.
Animal Tranquiliser.
Fun Fact: THIS is why we should ABUSE children to make them zerker when aliens take over the world: HELL YEAH MORALS! :P
next pilot plz
00,10Raining blood
Auto Terminate.
Snuffsis: That was the reaction it caused in its designers, I think, hence the name.
Holy... shit.
Agamemnons Toenail.
AT really doesn't have much fun for abbreviations.
well guys i have a bikes that need fixin and tunin so ill cetch yall laters and ill probly be back on some time later on here or ps3
Bye thegt90.
Be wel, thegt90
it kinda sucks on the ps3 though caint cha
cya thegt90
wut
cu thegt90
the hell was that... ?
Argh!
laters
Sumica, Absolute Terror
SuperBrony64 are u asleep or lurking?
bye thegt90
It was Rei
00,10I hate those bugs
Cicadas sound lovely
Sumica: glitch or insects?
00,10we get tons of em here in vegas
We should watch Higarashi No Naku Koro Ni. Sumica would love it.
Sound only.
Because they couldn't afford webcam
That show isn't really fit for Bronystate. :P
Pony movie
00,10incects
The freakin title means when the cicaidas cry.
FIM? or previous gen?
Yea, but the show is fucked up.
00,10yeah that might be a bit too much for chat
00,10and I have already seen it
How so?
Gen 4
Like have Shinji actually WANT to pilot the Eva, but 01 doesn't do as he wants. Everything that could possibly go wrong goes wrong.
i cant wait for a soundtrack
I want to see one.
^
00,10right up there with elfin lied
Because of people in the town going crazy murdering everyone and stuff like that. :P
Phase4 Agreed
gen 4 movie would be epic
would love to see a proper sound track from the 2 seasons
Okay. He merely wants to meet his father. At least let him readily acc... meh
Ahhh now I see what your talking about.
Elfen Lied isn't as crazy, but it sure is just as bloody. :P
Something "Appropriate" for the chat, FLCL. XD
The finale hints that an awesome movie would be possible.
is there plans to release a soundtack yet? with this day aria out its worth something
That kid is a bitch.
00,10I have shown FLCL many a time
A soundtrack would be appreciated.
awkward
Aww damnit
I'd buy it.
Have you shown Lucky Star? XD
00,10no
i suspect they are watching what bronies thing about the show, we're large and smart enough to provide very usefull feedback
Good.
00,10but the rage would be epic
Excel Saga, Puni Puni Poemi? :D
Sumica, have you shown Sakigake!! Cromartie High School?
00,10DCD was doing Cromate
s/thing/think
00,10have showen Excell
Cool, Freddie!
So the maple syrup bottling plant exploding would be bad timing?
Lawson!
lol
DAMNIT why did I miss that?! I'll become a lurker here from now on
And Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann... that was technically an APOLOGY TO EVERYONE for Eva
dat product placement
00,10We show man things here
I thought the whole city was just destroyed?...
perhaps someone could bother ingram about a soundtrack
wth city make up your mind.
i think more show-faithful merchandise wouldnt go amiss
Maybe those things aren't true.
panty*
00,10the realy city was hideing
This is what wasn't destroyed.
Wow...
Sexy Commando Gaiden: Sugoi yo! Masaru-san! That is something that needs to be shown, if it hasn't already. :P
What
WOW...
After the city gets destroyed a few times, special measures are taken.
wowee
Hey, it's only sensible Twi_Fi.
What happened to Tokyo 2?
00,10the city goes under ground to defend
After it looks like it'll start to become a habit, try to do something about it, really :P
00,10it got blowen up
Obviously...
Sumica: So he defended the city while it was still underground?
What a hipster
00,10yeah
Oh! Did you show Gantz?
I guess everyone in Tokyo-3 would be advised that any building they might be in will drop to below the Geofront with very little warning at any time.
Whoo product placement :P
not sure what 葛城 means
ow ears
Ow...
00,10more or less yeah
Moderately so.
00,10the city is built to be a fort
o///o
00,10you will see more of it
Most fortresses don't sink into the ground.
All the beers
Unless we're talking Castle Figaro (yay Final Fantasy VI)
This girl needs a trash can.
lol
But for the entire city to drop below an impregnable shield every time there's an attack. I'm sure the Israelis would love to see that happen in real life.
pen² <3
00,10pen-pen
lol beer
Twice the pen.
Love that cover beer can
lol
welovefine needs to carry offical merch
Ha..hah....hah...
y u no show us your penis
swag
LOL
lol
Yay for poking fun at censure. :P
00,10btw that second can said toothpick
i thought welovefine was the official merch
lol
ouch
Nasty :P
:D
Why is the water brown?
trying to look at kanji
s
The seas have turned to blood and all that.
Blood Ocean
00,10more or less that ^
That cassette recorder
The world of Evangelion's not really the loveliest place to be. :P
00,10it's the end of days
Kandarihu, I wonder how many drops of blood are in it
No it is not...
bewbs
:D
Alright. I gotta go
00,10take care
Cya Kandarihu
Nice to know you're keeping the standard of conversation on a high level CloverMuffins. :P
Bye.
Bai Kandarihu
Laters Kandarihu.
Bye Kandarihu.
What is this?
bye Kandarihu
00,10Rebuild of Eva
bye Kandarihu.
ikr Lasharus :D too much smart in this chat ^^
bai Kandarihu
Sumica: What is it about?
pawnch
OH COME ON
00,10giant robots and the end of days
Alright guys, Flare is here for 5 seconds....okay....gone.
bye
NERD!!!!!!!
hai bye
"Hey I saved the world, I get beat up" stories... <.<
That's cool.
Well, he is an absolute doormat Vordox.
Do the robots have guns?
hai
When was this remake done, Sumica?
00,1007
ratatatatata YAY
hai
wut
Pretty sure I don't remember a few of these things.
That explains then
00,10better?
Sumica, thanks ^^
This is scary...
00,10freeky elevator
Also...here's another plothole.
lol yeah oO
I just heard *yay* by fluttershy?
"Alien invades our world...no wait, we never saw it" thing... <.<
Yes Memme.
not osha complaient
00,10nope no yay, you are clearly crazy
The mods are exceptionally fond of that soundbyte.
Chrysalis, if it is then awesome. i'm thinking the toys though, it be nice if they caried those or if eqd had a link to somewhere that does
Lasharus: Desktop ponies?
yes, Memme. and I can make it happen again ;D
How? : O
Sometimes it gets aggravating, but this IS a brony stream, I suppose.
like this
Sumica
00,10mods?
;D
magic
Streamers Sumica, sorry.
00,10I thought I was the only one
definately, though its rather hard to get any of the really good ones outside the US unless you import
Doesn't Luna also do it?
I heard it!
00,10no you had it right I am a mod now
I was about to say :P
I don't wanna Mica another joke.
00,10luna has "haha:
Luna's got "Haha" by Luna ofc
Noted.
Let me rephrase.
oh my
The mods/streamers are exceptionally fond of the MLP soundboard... thing.
00,10I have 3 of them cause i am silly and you all like to play with them
Sumica, yay is the nicest and least intrusive ping sound of them all
Better? :P
makes me smile/laugh everytime I hear it ;D
Sumi and my friend were watching the ocean when a freakin angel came out of it.
00,10battle stations
bai building
sd
s
00,10dem autto cannons
It doesn't seem to be "Full drawn", is it, Sumi?
Bit of a shame they're patently useless though Sumica. :P
no kill like overkill
00,10there is no over kill, only open fire and i have to reload
...Sumica, I pray you never get your hooves on an actual weapon...
/me has a militamans license.
If they wouldn't try a lot of military stuff that doesn't do anything at all the series would only be half as long
Oh dear lord we're all doomed.
oh Sumi you so awesome
Relax, if he has hooves he can't use weapons
00,10and a spaz12 shotty
Hi Forgottencrow
spas*?
Spas12 is OP!
Sumica: can you turn off the pinging sound?
00,10i could
hello ;/
no
don't turn it off
plz
^^
Don't.
but what fun would that be
I am fine with yay
dat 3D fx
whut
suddenly Phase4
/me suddenly
00,10realy big rotry cannon
dat minigun
hi Phase4 :)
lol big bullets
Phase4, welcome.
ohai
It cost 4 billion dollars to fire this weapon for 12 seconds
00,10eva's are 20stories tall there is noting mini about it
/me is here if /me is in the userlist
figure of speach
yay the tentcle monster
00,10oh btw evas have to be pluged in to work
Phase4: I can haz ping?
should of said gatling gun
dont buildings normaly contain people?
/me is finally functioning properly. bronystate chat at laptop, bronystate stream on monitor. all full-screen, aww yeah.
Simon_, ok then :P
Phase4, they have been evacuated
00,10yep that's right, giant robot requires an extention cord
dat looks kind of wrong
GIANT enemy crab
dat camela
kamera, kamera da!
00,10vibro blade
knife fight
baka
Never bring a knife to a tentacle fight
fail
This aint MW, kid.
Seriously, this kid has so many issues it's becoming impossible to sort them all.
what is this
what is... I don't even...
Frick, I get back on BronyState, half asleep, and IU'm greeted by SCREAMING
go
ichi
yay
Litwick, welcome. lol
Litwick: welcome xD
Blood bombed.
Good morning Litwick
welcome :D
hi Litwick
Allo Litwick.
00,10crying under water
well... that's a warm welcome, Litwick
hello Litwick
Don't try to explain it :P
00,10oh hi Litwick
Dat rainbow
crying in lcl
oh hi Litwick
Where is Dash?
05Tremble mortals, and despair... DOOM has come to this world.
ohnoes
/me glomps wrek
Where? D:
Hey Archimonde.
yes! where is Dash? why is she not hugging me right nao?!
Sorry, Wrek|Observing.
hai Wrek|Observing
No more Chocolate in our world, WREK!?!?!?
hi Wrek|Observing
Dat War Craft and welcome, Wrek.
good day Wrek|Observing
05yay people got the reference, not often that happends.
That one's fairly obvious Wrek :P
05tell that to those that failed last time i pulled it
You mean that big demon that humped the world tree? =P
00,10Wrek is best art pony
It is if you played warcraft.
Sumica +1
Well, I can't help it if others are uncultured Wrek. :P
05oh look a train, lets upskirt
I played the strategy games.
00,10not only does he play warcraft he curb stomps me at it
Dat brothel advert...
If it makes you feel better Sumica, sometimes the easy mode ai stomps me at strategy games.
00,10Wrek you may like the gun at the end of this
I know exactly how you feel Meanwhile.
"Not cultured"? You mean probably those 13 million players out of 6-7 Billion people? =P
i'm back everypony!! what's up??
05rifle, revolver or pistol?
sup pablez94
Moderately embarrased, to be exact.
Definitely Rifle Wrek.
I've seen this one already.
00,10long rifle
I still need cheats for most Blizzard games.
05cool
'long' would be an understatement. :P
lol Wrek
Damn you for reducing the message limit Wrek.
05so many killsteals
Revolver, more Fire power upfront.
/me sucks like an industrial strength hoover at RTS.
Fun as hell though.
00,10best part is when they pop back in to complain and get a second kill from the 6 in 10
^
^^
05my RTS gaming could use soem refining. but give me a rifle and a scope and ill reak havoc
me too Meanwhile, but I love it ^^
/me would love to setup a bot that kicks on 7 in 10
/me thanks CloverMuffins for the greetings and kisses him on the forehead
I don't like being responsible for a lot of different things at once. I'm much better in an operative scenario than a commander one.
d'awwww ^^
/me brings laptop to kitchen to watch and make food at same time, REVOLUTION
00,10Some day wrek you need to try Sins of a solar empire
^
Hell yeah!
/me hugs pablez94 :)
japanese is so fascinating...
Hard as hell, but Hell yeah!
I'm sechzehn and I know it.
I played Sins... awesome game
You are not alone...
sup Kammerjunk ;]
Hi Kammerjunk
Oh hi.
/me hugs back CloverMuffins
00,10punch me, ok now we are bros
Kammerjunk, welcome.
:)
05i foudn the best farmville type game
hi Kammerjunk ! sup?
>Best
>Farmville type
I'm still at school. German is hard.
lolnope.
05farmville as in: log in now and then and manage your shit
05you own a planet and you develop the mines and facillities on it
I never got the point of that game style.
05build fleets and colonize explore, conquer
Wrek, wat game?
hi ya
Here, play a game, but have most of the stuff happen when you aren't.
Kammerjunk: German? not that hard when you know english. and you know english :P
05ogame.org
yeah, I played ogame
That actually sounds interesting...
pablez94, WWII is celebrated at your place?
i played ogame for a bit
got bored
CloverMuffins: What is this 'English' thou speakest of?
its interesting though
dat ejection
Phase4: Games like that only get good when you join a clan
05its nice to jsut jump in once every hour and put soemtihng in build queue
Kammerjunk: oh, I mean Equestrian...?
00,10must be piloted by pinkie
Simon2: Dat er- no.
RainbowAsh: yep is da freedom from nazism celebration
That thing... Needs help.
05currently named my planet Remus, gona name my second coloni ROmulus.
Kammerjunk: I see what you did there
Wrek, that was actualy my biggest problem with the game, limited build queues unless you give them money
pablez94: where are you from?
CloverMuffins: ita
05Phase4: thats why i like it
05that wya i dont need to constantly monitor it
Dem opinions.
pablez94, now that is a celebration I could get behind.
thing is i dont have money
pablez94: oh, awesome! it's so lovely there... I've been to Rome and Sicily <3
CloverMuffins: nice to know!!1 i'm from milan...nothing so great to seee here but still a nice place... where are U from?
Trying to play game and watch stream at the same time. Someone please suggest a game in my library http://steamcommunity.com/id/simonli2575
CloverMuffins: The thing is, to a Dane such as me. German seems like a mix of Danish and English, and it's hard to remember when it's what.
hello everypony
hi LightTrooper105
Allo LightTrooper105.
LightTrooper105, welcome.
pablez94: I'm from Poland
LightTrooper105: hi there!
what are we watching?
/me give everypony muffin
Kammerjunk: oic. good luck either way
05grimrock
CloverMuffins: cold place,huh?
LightTrooper105 hi
hai LightTrooper105!
05with no warrior classes
Hi LightTrooper105
Simon2: FarCry
/me give rest cupcakes
pablez94: in comparison, yeah, I guess.
i played farcry
This talk of rts games has given me a supcom2 itch.
CloverMuffins: i guess too.. we have 21°C here...
CloverMuffins: Vielen dank. It's over soon, though. Exams.
So I think I'll go scratch it. See you folks later.
CloverMuffins: pretty hot..
05trying to think of my next pony scene to draw
00,10inb4 he faps to her ID card
Bai Meanwhile
05might stream some sc2 while i think
00,10draw that one we talked about earlyer wrek =p
why dont u draw cadence
Cya Meanwhile
pablez94: nice! I dunno how hot/cold is it outside, but I know I'm sweating my ass off here ;p
Wrek: more sexy twi!!1
05probably will Sumica, but need to figure out em poses
baiMeanwhile
Kammerjunk: I got exams soon too
Wrek: why not draw hypnotized Shining Armor?
00,10awsome
05becasue mainstream
Wrek: YES! SC2! <3
in b4 breast grab
00,10it's not even sunrise here and it's already 80f
CloverMuffins: is that hot over there?
I remember this.
dat eye glasses
00,10tits
pablez94: yeah, I think I turned the thermostat too high up xd
Smooth...
cough
awkward silence....
CloverMuffins: i think too go turn it off!!
o.o
00,10she is so calm
RAPE
Calm or just dead-woman-walking?
im sitting in a air- conditioned room i cant feel a thing
He remembers the feel.
00,10give him a full on rear view still calm
pablez94: or I can just open the window for a little bit, freeze to almost death and then close it again xD
05such a noob
05thats not how you seduce a lady
I don't think he'd be able to seduce anything Wrek.
lol
CloverMuffins: HAHAHAHAHAHAH:D yeah maybe
is this hentai or some short?
Short?...
05boobs =/= hentai
only got 2 hoursbefore I need to go to the airport...
She was like tl;dl
bad english
Ninjazz: maybe he would write sort
Sort. Short?
snort?
sort
00,10big escolator
Makes sense.
contort?
orb
weird...he still following her
that escalator is freaking long
00,10they work at the same big robot base
ya know qhat big escalators mean? big mezzanines
slap
Ow.
bitchslap!
00,10here we go
Watashinonamaeha pōrudesu.
Oh boi...
00,10way better then the anime version
Ah yes. One of my favourite of the series.
OMG A FLOATING PYRAMID
This thing is freakish.
05needs more gendo
Sumica, I think I agree. Much less filler
pablez94, your name is Paul?
yep
is this a spin-off of gundam
hajimemashite! oreno namaewa piita desu.
Twi_Fi: :D lol
... O_O
wtf
is this the death and rebirth movie?
WOWOOW
oh noes, the Crystaline Entity from TNG!!!
Holy shit...
CloverMuffins, Peter?
05Mutterguy: win.
gundam is way better
Twi_Fi: eeyup
Holy shit
eep
00,10dat gendo pose
05there we go
05now we just need even more gendo
00,10sink a whole city block
They could have done that earlier
Holt shit...
That thing is OP as hell...
dude is bacon
00,10medical bed doubles as casket
cool technology bro
IS THE EGYPTIAN
lol
Did somepony mention sinks?
05trippy shiot
Sumica, what an age they live in
CloverMuffins: peter,huh my gogle translate is crappy cannot translate fonetical japanese...
The hell is that crystal doing?
unfitting yay thre
Man, that thing is scary as hell...
05its sexually herrassing the ground
lol Wrek
lol
pablez94: I'm not sure if I even wrote it well, but yeah, you got it xD
lol
why r there pyramids
Dishwasher_EXTREME, they are all angels, giant monsters with as of yet unexplained origins. And this one is still on of the less freaky ones
because nobody uses Dodecahedrons!
CloverMuffins: well i get it form Twi_Fi... i was not able to use the translator...
unless THEY R MUMMIES AHHH
No...
05this reminds me of zion
JAPANESE MUMMIES AHHH
Dishwasher_EXTREME: high school of the dead...almost
you watch that?!
*japanese Zombie ninja robots
00,10dat high speed mobalization
Dishwasher_EXTREME: i read it.
mummies has developed so much....
dat blackout
mfw they aren't the only people on the planet.
pablez94: yeah, well it just doesn't think of phonetic typing.
Oh god, I'm back :P, I'm on a Nokia E63 with a irc chat.
or romaji
Hi Spell-of-Gaming
hello Spell-of-Gaming, wb
Spell-of-Gaming, welcome.
Thank you. :3
CloverMuffins: EEYEP
watashi no namae wa himitsu desu
gundam is better
Right now I'm just on a Nokia E63
05so what? we arent watchign gundam
I can't see the stream
more guns...
Spell-of-Gaming: i'm on a nokia 3310
00,10all mech = gundam
lol
All anime = Astroboy
:D
what? i dont get it
05why couldnt it be nugdam?
00,10just like all ponies closer then 2 inches must be in a realationship
05then when spelled backwards it would be madgun
This future looks so bleak...
Dishwasher_EXTREME: the 3310 joke?
The world is flat, Universe is infinite and Humans are probably the smartest but stupidest beings in existance. :P
00,10kid has more issues then sports illistrated
lol
whos streaming?
Mica
armpits stil smell horrible
ohai twilight_sprinkle
Sumi
Hahaha OH MAI XD
oh ok. i want Code Geass > :
OH MY!!
Spell-of-Gaming: hai mark
now hes naked
CHOCCOCHI!
05she seems like quite the calm cold hearted bitch
LOL
She gots no heart.
Sojo ... why not hai?
Oh Sumica! Have you planned to show Hot Shots 2 or 1? :D
She dies doesn't she?
Wrek: Rei Ayanami doesnt care if she dies
00,10I had no plans of the such
the mummies still drilling..
Awww darnit
oooh i know.. the octahedron is looking for a game of D&D . He want's to be the star dice but no one plays D&D in 22nd century japan! So OCTOHEDRON SMASH!
00,10all the power
they've got some spare ayanami
See Wrek? Big rifle. :P
00,10there you go wrek
wheres the bass canon???!!!!
O_O
are there 2 ninjazzs? Ninjazz2 & Ninjazz
Got there first Sumica. :P
Oh, Welsh_Pony joined. :P
05not impressed yet
shinjuku
NEED A BASS CANON
power up the bass cannon!
It's powered by most of the country's network Wrek. Better?
Yes, pablez94. I have my clone sitting right next to me.
:P
00,10Welish? I dont see Dari
/me may not be actually paying attention to the show
05also
05nothign beats a Maser
05when it comes to weapons
niiice wanna have a clone too but i have not a secon compuetr...lol
00,10mass lazor/
Ninjazz you mean your changeling friend
hehe
Ello there, everypony.
Wrek: Like Chopper's Maser? ;)
secandu impactu
Malavolent, welcome.
hi Malavolent
hey Malavolent
05fusion powerer drum that causes intense vibrations on a focus point. causing armor flesh and bone to tear asunder
hai Malavolent
05d*
thirdu impactu
00,10welcome to mind fuck central
05not drum as in music
/me sends Ninjazz2 to eat Spectrum's love
What are we watching?
You don't need a second computer for a clone.
Indeed
so much red
Vibrations enough to o"disentrgrate" atoms
aw such an angel :3
w... t... f...
00,10that's right it's a giant game of capture the flag
This has gotten so fucking insance.
ITS JESUS
no sense anime...
but what is the flag the humans must capture?
00,10keep big bads away form white thing on cross
05here's an image of the maser
05http://hl.udogs.net/files/Uploads/%20User%20Uploads/ooga%A7ooga%27s%20Uploads/%20here/weapons.bmp
05the middle weapon of the bottom row
GUNDAM TIME
weeeee would call them demons BUT that would cause mass hysteria
Dat Marathon!
Old ass game.
Pfft, I prefer BFG from Doom, Wrek.
05best game i ever played
00,10dat marathon
going to search some nice pictures about ponies back in a minute or something like!
05Vordox: a real man beats the cyberdeamon without a BFG
Well of course. But I was a boy back then. :P
05as was I
Weren't we all?
1?
Wrek, we're showing our age. ._.
Real man beats cyberdaemon with berserker.
naked time
just got finished watching that Royal Wedding episode
mandatory naked awkward anime scene
Welcome back Haz
it was...AWESOME :'( :)
05was 3 when i first played doom, 4 when i first played marathon on my old performa. good times.
05dad bought me the mac action sack from bungie<3
Hazard, you just now watched it?
wait. 3? O.o Wasn't it relased back in 1992 or 1994?
how long is this by the way? Sumica
Twi_Fi: yesh
Doom has all my thanks for raising my childhood.
00,10around 10 min left perhaps 15
yay
Hazard, how did you avoid spoilers until now?
hmm thx
ill admit it wasnt as good as the previous ones but awesome all the same
Sumica, so this is a series of movies then?
05first doom released 1993
00,10yes
Twi_Fi: i fullscreened the video :D
Okay, NOW I feel old then. ><
05first marathon released about half a year afterwards in 1994
Good grief.
I was 6 by the time DOOM came out?
I feel old.
DOOM is awesome
I was -1.
Youngster.
ppffft I was 8
/me played doom in highschool
and are you showing all of them Sumica?
I was 3 too :P
:P
I was <censored> years old.
00,10nah wrek is taking over after this
its like the Half Life that was never ment to be
ok thx
I still feel like the oldest in my school.
00,10final show down time
suddenly ear rape
jikan desu
jikan desu!
This thing is fantastic.
dammit Twi_Fi xd
raised on civilization and Sim city 2000
now I'm getting ninja'd ;D
hey does anyone have a PS3?
not that i was any good at them
>:3
05i ate them
Right here, Hazard.
/me feels very very old now :D
i dont understand anything about this....
Wrek: But I wanted to listen to the tech talk
But it doesn't like to play games anymore.
Ninjazz: send me a friend request
Wrek, can I ask you a question about drawing?
05yay more gendo pose
05shoot
Name on PSN?
HAZARD_3_
/me shoots Wrek
i have one to Hazard
Everypony, take evasive actions!
How long have you been drawing for? Do you think you've got to have talent to draw nice stuff?
With underscores?
yes
/me takes evasive actions
/me shakes to side to side with the cmaera
Alright. As soon as I can.
everyone who has a PSN send me a request at HAZARD_3_
*camera
that is BULLSHIT
righto Hazard
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173294
Hi :3
That_British_Guy, welcome.
05Malavolent: since i was 6. as for talent... lets say like this.
Hazard: I don't have PS3 :(
but i cant hook my PS3 up to the internet without first unplugging this PC
hey That_British_Guy
Simon2: im sad :(
hi That_British_Guy
Hi That_British_Guy.
05with talent your art skill is 40 instead of 20. but you still gotta practice to reach 100
Dat Hardwire Hazard.
05(dat fallout talent system reference)
Hey guys you know why i like assassins?
Simon2: btw i havent been on the MC server because im in WV right now
West Virginia
Wrek: So basically, you do have a head start with talent but with hard work you can reach the same results?
Hazard: survival server is no longer open so I can save some RAM
Good use of an analogy, Wrek.
That_British_Guy: because they have to asses in them? xD
over 500 miles away from my PC
05basically yes
get him a barf bag
two*
Oh well, better get started on that one.
CloverMuffins DAMN YOU!
gonna have a nap... back quite a bit later.
wow
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173279
BUFFERING!
That_British_Guy: xD
Nice buffertime
bye Mutterguy
oh wow, that buffer had a good timing
Stream, y u have to buffer just now?
everyday im burfferin!
bye
ouch
Bai Mutterguy
Its alive!!!!!!
oh damn
bai Mutterguy
YAY HE KILL THE MUMMY
Suddenly, BLOOOD!
ded
05its basically a chrystal homonculus
dat explosion
05nyehnyeh
out b4 octohedron SMASH
now that was a WTF BOOM
dat anime... so much exploding
TOO LATE
sheesh
That is an ANGRY starfish.
Holy fucking shit!
ded........
hey Ninjazz ur PS3 cant play games? is it because its broken or the games are scratched
00,10epic end song time
energy systemuwa
It appears to not like being shot......
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173271
hmmmm
Hazard: My blue-ray reader is damaged.
Ninjazz: that mean u cant play games :(
stupid Blurays
pablez94: I disapprove.
releasing games on regular format would be much better :D
Hazard: its because ps3 has no gaemz :P
this dude is so gay
but Sony was to stupid to do so
Hazard: Once on a full moon, It can play a game. If I put the game inside the disc tray enough times.
Ninjazz get that shit fixed bro
CloverMuffins: posted cause i thought da same thing when i wacthed it da first time.
Ninjazz: what games do u have anyway? i would rather enjoy playing Dead SPace 2 or COD zombies with you
wonder when the ps vita would be cheaper
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173270
Don't believe in him! Believe in the YOU that believes in Him!
But, no pressure
I have Black Ops and BF3. A lot others but most of them are Single player.
What site you making RX-78|Sitemaking?
A site for a childcare center at a church
Randomnerd: Dat Kamina
cool
05needs more antimatter canon
Ninjazz: alright if u can get it working tell me and we can play zombies or something :)
I for some reason is reminded of Lost Planet 2 because of this show :/
Will do, Hazard.
taking the peice of crap they have on wordpress and making it somethign less shitty
I have Lost Planet 2 too.
my xbox cant connect to xbox live so im forced to play single player forever
pablez94: oh... I actually clicked the first one you posted with cutie mark crusader. of that I disapprove. the rest is fine :P
Take the shot!
s*
there will be lost planet 3
may i join also Hazard and Ninjazz? sometime?
and then Han flew in and covered him
Of course.
CloverMuffins: taht just is awesome.
thanks :D i dont barely ever get to play with bronies :D i have a PSN by the name of PinkiePieTime aswell and nobody knows wtf it means
hate doing that, even for my own site
ded
sure Spectrum
fucking tab
/me yay
my hat goes off to you for putting up with it for someone elses sake
here comes 2 more!
sure Spectrum_Rush
no sense! http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173254
Boom HEAD SHOT!
all dat blood
dat period
Ugh...
heavy flow
hey its work, and more money is never bad
Heavy would be pleased
...
Ok, that's just impossible.
It just had to be said, didn't it?
my hope: http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173235
pablez94 lol
ooohhh getting paid
everything becomes so much easier to bear when you get paid for it
yes
wtf i cant see anything
O.o
dat steam
dead
hi there Onyxia wich one are u lolling at?
noooo not the glasses
no wait...
what the hell is this
pablez94: yeah, they fucked it up. In fact I have a red-eyed Vinyl as my wallpaper which is gorgeous and I refuse to change it. >.<
pablez94 those pics xD
XD
what the fuck is this shit
This was always one of my favorite scenes during the TV show.
dude...so gay
Seriously, whining about the EYE COLOR of a character?
what in the hell is this shit.
The reeeeeal foooooooolk bluuuuues!
00,10oh back to start shit again pony_1?
this is fucking retarted
lul
im getting pissed
Well well well.
this is the worst shit ever
Onyxia: so u're lolling to all of them nice...<3 i keep going <3
hah, we was on abotu valve doesnt know the number 3
http://chzvideogames.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/video-game-memes-president-newell.png
lol
:D
come on pony_1 dont start a fight
Litwick: solely for the reason of my wallpaper, yes.
RED EYES!
Pauvre bebe...
hah
pony_1 is gone.
Dat mute button.
We'd have world war 2 episode 2 though
how unfortunate.
If you whine about eye color, you're practically acting like the Green eyed Sonic fanbase,
Well, not "button", you know what I mean.
That foreshadowing
hey evrypony, what we watchin'?
um wut
why is ther a neaked dude
but its already finisheds
since the cold war was episode 1
naked
O_O
Does that mean "to be continued"?
not relaly
00,10yes Simon2
I don't care. I'm acting like me.
its a naked anime
Dishwasher_EXTREME: Because Yaoi.
tsuzuku
wait, that sounded like shipping
Oh ffs. The worst choice for an ending ever.
Just expressing my thoughts and feelings.
what?
Epic. Epic. Epic. Then Love~! *bleck*
00,10movie part 1
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173208 gorgeus
dude i have my PS3 on right now but i cant play it without first leaving the chat...WHAT SHOULD I DO?! :[
00,10get a pc
pablez94: ewwww humans
what do they show on friday movie night
I like this ending music
and that's wesome! http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173209
Play your PS3 damn it!
what movie did you saw, everypony? Greetings, btw, here's your resident #Enigma
Theres a point where somethign has gone too far....
Dishwasher_EXTREME: Movie, then MLP, Then INtermission, Movie, MLP.
Sumica im on my PC right now :D
i have a xbox
00,10Feel free to take over wrek
Dark92Enigma, welcome. EVA Rebuild 1.01
i know, there wasnt even an otakon in there
It is *glorious*
I think...
we can take over wrek?
doesn't work for me. I dislike crossovers.
New gbeaudette analysis guys!!!!!
Thank you for the stream, Sumica.
alright im going to play zombies
Ninjazz You mean Evangelion?
BYE
Welcome, Wrek :)
Oh hai Wrek
Yes, Dark92Enigma.
Thanks for the stream Sumica.
yay wrek 's drawing time
Hazard i'll send a friend request sometime later k
thx for streaming Sumica
I just lost my evening
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3plqOUgT4YM&feature=player_embedded
00,10my plesure
Happy Unicorn Appreciation day, everypony. =3
If that set in stone, thanks for the movies Sumica.
Ninjazz.......and what next
hahaha
Vordox: Oo
Vordox, it is?
excelent
yes as always thx Sumica
05Sumica
05need the info
Youtube gbeaudette and watch his JUST NOW new video.^^
Dark92Enigma: Wrek's Artistic Theatre I guess.
It's about Ponies, trust me. This Guy is GOOD.
00,10why dont any of you write down the info =p
Wonder if Eq daily has seen it yet. hmm
Or SC2 based off his past comments.
Vordox......it is? Oh My Gosh (x8)
cause that'd be easy Sumica
theres a piano version of this day aira on you tube u guys should hear it
05cause lazy
Logic, how does it work?
It's weird how the themes to animes can go english for one part than go back to japanese...:P
WE GOTTA POWER
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-not-just-for-kids.jpg
for example
Streamception
inb4 ception
No man should have all that power!
damn it
wow
dat twilight
LOL! less than 5 minutes after shipping him he arrives
Twily!
welcome otakon17
CloverMuffins: weel is nice to see them even in a human form... i'm a brony cause i love those charcters for their kindness loyalty honesty generosity magic and laughter even if they are not ponies
yay drawing time
00,10awwwww you all missed the next time on
Sorry, it got stuck in my head
Wait, I thought it was one of the rare ships without him?
So........ponies.........
right?
pablez94: that's cool. just not my cup of tea...
left?
cute twi is cute
sure, that works
right?
CloverMuffins: i don't get it...:D
OK.........................
pablez94: just... Ponies... :P
OMG
I wonder if there will be a humanized pony episode due to some mixed up spell.
chat ded?
no derped on me
DED
lol
Twi_Fi: I hope not >.<
Wait wat?
00,10nice beats
Rx
00,10they need a body swap ep
you seem fond of twilight huh wrek? why dont try somthing else
^
Darn you ipod
Twilight Sparkle is indeed best pony.
You must be new here.
A body swap episode would be hilarious
CloverMuffins: still don't get it maybe i'm stupid...
why would anyone want somepony instead of Twi
Uhhh. Cause Rarity...
cough Luna
twilight_sprinkle: Magic teleportation gone wrong
Fluttershy for me :3
Strange, I didn't turn up the volume and yet......
Good morning everypony :)
sneeze cadence...
00,10ewwww rarity
Hello DavidCortez.
And Lyra
05this song needs more bass
belch Chrysalis
So Wrek whats todays drawing?
/me sighs
00,10at leat 20% more
Dubstep
Well, mips is running nicely today.
Wrek: You're drawing everyday?
EPIC WUB
That_British_Guy: Oh, That_British_Guy, something wonderful....
came for the ponies. staying for the awesome.
^
OK, i mark out everytime i see Luna, and Derpy, And Lyra, Dr Whooves, Colgate, etc.......but i feel identified with Twilight <3
You only need to type my name once :/
he draw very well indeed just take to much time
That_British_Guy:
CloverMuffins: ah NOW i get it... well i just love them for they represent not for how they are drawn
wrek seem low on ideas
or not
aND WHEN i say Mark Out, that's a wrestling term for fanboy/fangirl scream (fanboy in my case, btw)
pablez94: I guess it's an individual thing...
/me is not a fan of wrestling
cool tunes bro
wwe is fake
I <3 Coldplay
CloverMuffins: yep me too
So many topics.
funky music
That_British_Guys: I don't really like Coldplay... XD
that's ok.............
pablez94: IMO there is too many humans and not enough ponies in this reality :P
Twilight is reading a book, so cute!
and she's reading FAST
what if equestria was real??
CloverMuffins: yep but avoid reality will not help ya <3
00,10nice drop
Dishwasher_EXTREME, implying that it's not.
yes but WHAT IF IT WAS
Dishwasher_EXTREME: I WOULD GO TO EQUESTRIA, TRANSFORM INTO A PONY AND GO ON AN ADVENTURE WITH RAINBOW DASH~!
00,10ug, speaking to a beat
It would be sooooo awesome!
pablez94: actually it does help. helps me at least :P
horses will be loved even more then
I like to think I'll be able to get there somewhere. It's just a world of dreams, but it doesn't make it unreal, just... unlikely...
how would u describe yourself as a pony
CloverMuffins: oh well u will have to back to reality... so don't avoid too much... face it!
00,10this pose it has pontential to be awsome
I always talk about going to Equestria just plain awkward.
or something sexy
:P
00,10Sexy is awsome
that pose is a bit arkward
Sumica /)
sexy Twi pics give me cancer
00,10(\
pablez94: I'm tired of this reality, really. I'm sticking to it as long as it provides me with ponies. Even if just a little bit.
so what Program is Wrek using?
Otakon its not nice to kill the channel
00,10SAI
Frankly: I am hoping that I would be able to start a new life as a pony (preferably as a Pegasus Pony) in Equestria once I finish my time in this world.
but reality had pizza and indoor toilet
Hi guyz
Trixie, welcome.
Greetings, oh great and pwoerful one!
hi Trixie
hey Trixie
i used artrage 2.6 for my drawings
Hi Trixie.
Bye again
Brb
bye Trixie
xd
00,10ohhh this song
Okay bye Trixie.
wtf
:?
00,10got any redline today wrek?
dis sounds familiar
Oh hey its Meanwhiles Wife :P
CloverMuffins: u know i used to be like but hten i took an arr...- no wait be serious- then i faced it and i'm happy now.. ihave tons o' friends that loves me at least as much as i love u all bronies... sa i'm saying u this cause i love u and i want u to be happy...;)
lunabeloved?
Trixie: Y U so great & powerful?
THAT JOKE IS SOO OLD
/me brohooffs pablez94
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173120
wazzup bromethius'?
Ninjazz|SPAZ: an other one??? oh well...
Dat Greek reference.
05hard pose... challenge accepted
/me brohoofs Ninjazz|SPAZ
:3
the pose seems weird
pablez94: Thanks, I really appreciate it. But it's really hard for me to be happy in this reality as it imposes many, many constraints on me and... I know, I should be happy with what I got, but I just can't right now...
pablez94: I laughed...
00,10yay
00,10always good to see you push your self wrek. Some of your best stuff happens
CloverMuffins: how old are u?
10 Bits says its gonna be Twilight
CloverMuffins: Don't be content, give physics a dent!
pablez94: why?
wtf r we talking about friendship now?
I think.....
What program is that? My resolution is poor...
00,10I will take the vegas odds on that That_British_Guy =p
hazhat: Magic Picture Maker SS6.
Kammerjunk: sounds fun :P
00,10Program is SAI
Cheers!
friendship taste delicious
Friendship tastes like chicken.
00,10I think it's a puma, it looks like a puma
05brb gona put on my drawing bandage
that is one twisted looking Twilight ;D
CloverMuffins: Reality isn't kind, when trouble comes, you have to be brave and face it face to face and deal with it
Friendship is Family (Godfather Refernce)
sunglasses?
Is this redline?
_xXiaoDrag0n_: That's life. Harsh but unfair.
00,10dont think so
what r we talkin about?
00,10Sounds like infected mushroom
Dishwasher_EXTREME: Everything and nothing.
_xXiaoDrag0n_: yeah, I know that. I'm doing it all the time. I'm used to this reality by now, but it's just painful.
sweet wrek is drawing
seriously dude....
CloverMuffins: there's a period in everyone life when u think that your life is crappy and is going to be even crappy...nowadays it's even more difficoult to pass over it but if u do u'll realize how stupid u were thinking to that stuff... i just passed it...:)
Dishwasher_EXTREME: But we are!
Kammerjunk: I almost met an car accident twice today, AWESOME~!
It's accurate, really.
I like it when my life is crappy :)
i had a pretty normal happy day
man why does every math resource assume you know what the symbols mean
well night all
_xXiaoDrag0n_: I am jelly. Once when I was in a bus (Which by itself is rare), some car crashed right in front of the bus. The busdriver must have been the goddamn Batman or something, because he just steered around it like a boss and drove on.
Sweet dreams, Shizuschlafen.
Shane377.
When I think about how crappy my life is sometimes I then think back to times when my life was a pure dung heap.
Goddammittabkey.
That_British_Guy: So that you can know whom are your true friends?
nite Shane377
friendship is sandwich
Becuase the vast majority of mathematical symbols are universal?
And then, I don't feel so bad.
So, this Sai program that Wrek is using... I just realized that it's shareware and cripple's it's Save/Load functions after 31 days.
05nothing helps an aching wrist liek some eze gel, couple o´painkillers and a supportive bandage
Kammerjunk: Like a boss~!
Dat meds
That...and when its a crappy day i can look back and see how it makes me stronger
yes, but it needs a point of reference
So, no thanks. I'll just stick with Gimp
pablez94: my life is decent, I guess. as in in this reality, but I don't belong here. that's how I feel. at least I found all of my lovely bronies here and there and I love you all very much :) you bring joy to my heart and I'm a lot less dark person than I was before.
english words all use the same alphabet
CloverMuffins: So it's safe to say that you're a spiritual person?
of no use to someone who uses katakana
dayum, look at me spilling the beans xD
bye guys
Kandarihu: I hav Gimp, wihich is odd. I'm a terrible artist.
Bye, Dishwasher_EXTREME
Wrek maybe you should take a break from drawing for awhile
Have fun, Dishwasher_EXTREME.
goddammit
form all da bronies: that's our thank to u HUB DFXmedia & HASBRO! hope u enjoy!!!
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173085
Kammerjunk: well, I'm certainly looking for truth of life. so, I guess spiritual is a good word, just not in the traditional/religious sense.
:333333333
What commands?
did u write batch file":?
:3
Ahhh Dat S2...
pablez94: I think I have an older version of that picture in wallpaper size.
I joined this crazy trail waaaay too late.
As in, S1 old.
I found his drawing process of that picture yesterday to be quite enlightening.
Kammerjunk: lcick on it u'll discover that is on wallpaper size
that's a lotta ponies :)
I return, a second chance to carve your skulls.
pablez94: Well, it's 3347x2284.
CloverMuffins: better?
/me sees the poster "GLORY!"
And you're welcome to it, Meanwhile.
Meanwhile: Hey
I meant as in 1080x1600 or, as I have it, 1200x1920.
hey everyone i see wrex is drawing!:)
Kammerjunk: well i guess it's a WALLpaper size...
meanwhile Meanwhile
Mfw people still spell Wrek's name wrong.
Do ho ho.
pablez94: I always feel better when I look at ponies, yes. but after that I get depressed that I'm not there xd
"Wrex is drawing" I don't really think Wrex would be the artistic type.
/me is amused
/me is tired.
Wrex. "Not now Shepard I'm painting"
Shephard.
Wrex.
Wreck?
Spongebob.
Patrick,
Wrek
Fluttershy.
Three yaks and a dog?
CloverMuffins: me too:) then i think taht if i'll be there i probably miss all da human people i know...
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARTA
Well, he is. There it is, right there. And he'll probably be making it as nice as that one he did yesterday.
No, Thrackarzog!
CloverMuffins: Just keep smiling, and believe that you will start a new life in Equestria as a pony one day. :D
What the hay just happened to the chat.
Not sure, but it was amusing.
It just spontaneously went oatmeal.
Parthuraxx
Spike
Oatmeal? Are you CRAZY?
Odahviing.
pablez94: well, that is a point. but if I had an option to go there I wouldn't hesitate one second.
Randomnerd: She is...
Alduin
am i entertaining u bronies? wanna see more pictures? brohhof me if u want to!
_xXiaoDrag0n_: I believe :)
Are you not ENTERTAINED?
)\ amidoingitrite
No sir I am not. I want my money back.
Kammerjunk: /(
CloverMuffins: hahaha well maybe i would think about it for smthing like 510 seconds then i'll jump into equestria..
Meanwhile: I can't help but see a guy kicking something.
I want my all my monies back.
CloverMuffins: 5/10
/me would got to Equestria.
)\ ~o
go*
/me would sell his soul to go to Equestria.
http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/are-you-not-entertained-ridiculously-photogenic-guy.jpg
Dat picture.
Yes, yes I am.
I would enjoy a fic where Equestria gets corrupted by our Human nature because we wished ourselves into it.
Ninjazz|SPAZ: I would cry for days.
hah my pic was on the stream
Spectrum: I should really see that film again.
Sucess
T'would be quite a tale.
Gladiator yeah
pablez94: well, maybe I'd take some time to leave a note to my loved ones that I love them very much and I will miss them :P
Ninjazz|SPAZ: Been there, done that.
I still need to read "My Little Human"
Do ho ho ho
:3
Ninjazz|SPAZ: I mean, there IS a fic for it, but it's on permanent hiatus.
Name of such fic?
CloverMuffins: that's what i was saying...i'll probably miss them after 2 weeks or something like...
So, drawing more Twilight or?
Ninjazz|SPAZ: I will hate humanity if that comes true
05and yes, this is in fact, techno done right
Ninjazz|SPAZ: Hold on, I have it SOMEWHERE around here.
05fuckign wubstep
^
Wrek: ;w; You're so fucking awesine at drawing
Wrek: There's a time and place for Dubstep
...It's just a sometimes thing, like cookies.
awesome*
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173068
_xXiaoDrag0n_: Well considering that alot of ponies have rather human personalities... It might not be too dramatic as I am obviously thinking.
lol dat changeling.
pablez94: I'd probably miss them too, but I surely wouldn't come back ^^ well, at least permanently. I'd maybe make a quick visit and instantly return to ponies ;D
pablez94: that changeling's name is Do Me/Doomie
Doom doom de doom
God Save the Queen!
Spectrum: nice try
MORE NAMES FOR DA CHANGELING!!1
That_British_Guy: You would! /Ammurrica
pablez94 it says so right in the tags name courtesy of Glord
Randomnerd: I love Pinkie Pie in that scene, she was still so hype, cheerful, happy, carefree when they we fighting the changelings
when they were*
Pinkie Pie is best pony.
Pinkie Pie is pretty hard to faze.
I like Pinkie Pie.
CloverMuffins: obviously u can't o awlays in equestria or always in da earth what's your choise?
I know how to faze Pinkie Pie.
Meanwhile: Mane Six is best pony :D
i;m off to bed, night
Spectrum: notags mentioning doomie...
i'm sensing another pony in Wrek's pick
/me <3 Ponies too much.
G'night Phase4
Twi_Fi: How?
Bye, Phase4
bye bye...
Gnight Phase4
pablez94: always in equestria then. no contest.
nite Phase4
Well, that's not true. There IS a way to <3 Ponies too much.
Spectrum_Rush: notags mentioning doomie...
+ means addition Chrysalis
Wrek......im gonna guess OctaScratch drawing?
By telling her that nopony likes her parties and wants to be her friend anymore.
Hope that answered your question.
Seem to do the trick last time when she assumed it.
pablez94: "Requests"
Ninjazz|SPAZ: So apparently, I read it before I started archiving everything I read. And I don't really have anything like that not on permanent hiatus.
pablez94:last tag man name doomie the whole point of that thread was to make a name and that was the most liked
pablez94
Its fine, Kammerjunk.
Woah woah woah. What is this pose?
umm
I dunno but Sumica said it was ganna be awesome.
/me looks at stream. "Damn my dirty mind".
Sumica lives in Vegas and is therefore constantly high on showgirl fumes, everything is awesome from that point of view.
Sumica's words "sexy is awesome"
looks like a dancing pose to me...
Sumica lives in VEGAS?
Well conisdering other things Wrek has drawn, I won't be surprised if it turns out sexy.
Or Nevada.
Veags.
Vegas*
Spectrum_Rush: evidently i am getting stupid. nothing else to say... iwas looking favorited by instead of tag hystory... please punch me
I live in Singapore, it's kind off a boring place to live in for me...
pablez94; its ok no need for that
There's no place to go for an adventure, buildings are everywhere in Singapore...
Spectrum_Rush: PUNCH MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
unfortunately not
Pawnch.
pablez94: ok fine
my IRC doesnt support the symbols in use atm
Ponies know no flag.
/me pawnches pablez94
i think anyway
lets chek
check*
I can't let you do that, Starfox!
/me is currently working on I ?'' = R × T
so it replaced theta with a ? and both R and T lost their accent
/me spill some blood from mouth and says"is that all u got Spectrum_Rush ?
i'm calling it either rariy or trixie
/me just got reminded of Fight Club
I love how all pony towns are just for orientation, not implying conquering of any sort
pablez94: oh you wanna do this the hard way we'll do this the hard way
Can't see the cutie mark accurately enough to figure it out.
I'm not sure Wrel would draw Rarity.
Atatatatattatatata!
Well I must be going.Cya all.
Wrek*
ffs
left one is awesome! sorry CloverMuffins for humans form http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173053
cya Twi_Fi
Dat Ken il guerero.
cya Twi_Fi
pablez94::[ yuo are goig to like this
thanks for the warning pablez94 ;)
/me punch kick punch uppercut's pablez94
05this song
/me does a counterattack on Spectrum_Rush "u'll never get me doing like this!!"
05i had forgotten how awesome it is
Spectrum_Rush: strong faster come on!!!
/me punches on stomach Spectrum_Rush
Anyone know who he's drawing?
is that all ya got pablez94
/me knee on da face Spectrum_Rush
/me starts 100 punch flurry on pablez94
Meanwhile: I assume it's ponies from at the Bolshoi.
Nothing known yet.
Randomnerd: What's a Bolshoi?
at*, not "from at"
Hiya again
pablez94: not the face man damn
Meanwhile: The Bolshoi Ballet.
/me gets a 100 hit combo!! but still is not ko.
Randomnerd: Never heard of it.
They're a Russian Dance Troop. They may no longer exist.
/me jumps in the air
Spectrum_Rush: gotaa pay for that!!!!
/me pablez94 dashes near to Spectrum_Rush and....
/me dodges
/me dodges
/me kisses him on da fore head
Aha, they're still performing :)
/me aah my weakness
/me "nice job Spectrum_Rush ;)"
/me most not lose
/me talks about ballet while a fight rages around him.
/me grabs pablez94 looks 'im in the eyes
/me hugs Spectrum_Rush and says in da hear :"now calm down u did a really good job ...rest now..<3"
/me doesn't like ballet.
/me gives 'im a big ol bear hug
Hello RP chat.
S'up Ninjazz|SPAZ.
What is it with this chat and going oatmeal?
/me squeezes pablez94
Oatmeal? Are you crazy? This is clearly wholemeal.
You're RP_chat, Meanwhile? :O
05lets just say that spike managed to arrange one hell of a bachelor party
13Oh my goodness, TSTBot is back
Wrek: Oh my.
/me "too strong too strong ahahhaah stop it please... hahahah i love u tooo yeahyeah stop it!!ahhaahah:D"
Oh, now I see where every thing is going...
/me pokes Ninjazz|SPAZ.
The wedding's off!
Oh yeah, my 15 year old friend is going to a bachelor party this Friday.
I have no idea why.
/me I AM VICTORIOUS< AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
06ruh roh
/me gives RP_chat a muffin
13!espeon
/me still belongs to Xanbreon for 6 more minutes
Just because, apparently.
13asdfgh
Mine x3
06>:3
/me claims Xanbree
Kammerjunk: He's with the groomsmen?
eeep
We can share!
Um, this is Cadance and Shining Armor, right?
13:D
/me already belongs to you, silly :3
Randomnerd: Yeah, it's his older brother.
06it's a circle of ownership
06!
/me already belongs to Espeon and Aurora, you thief D:
>;[
13;3
When my brother got married, we went to a Hockey Game for the Bachelor party.
eonnotgot
06tailtip party.
We were raised Catholic, strippers aren't our thing :(
tiptiptiptip
I was raised as atheist as they come, strippers aren't my thing either.
Well, this is Sumica... He lives in Vegas... See where I am going with this?
/me "stop now you're hurting me:'( please stooooop" cracks his back "ahhhhhrgh stop it please!!!!" -CRACK- "....."
/me brohoofs Randomnerd /)
Brohoofs Kandarihu /)
pablez94: Did you break your spine or something? Because no matter where, that's bad.
But I am interested to see who this mystery pony turns out to be.
Kammerjunk: Yeah, it's actually kinda pointless.
That it is.
I bet Vegas smells like sex and circus food.
I bet Vegas smells like Vegas.
That's what I said.
why u did this Spectrum_Rush ?!?:'(
hello everypony
oh jesus what am i looking at
Good point.
Allo pyrocatboy.
hi pyrocatboy
pyrocatboy, welcome.
RustyMeat: Well, remember that bachelor party Spike was supposed to arrange?
I been to Vegas.
oh
What would the cutie mark of someone whose talent was stripping even look like
RustyMeat: I was willing to pretend it was two ponies dancing ballet, but then I unpaused the stream to check on its progress.
Ninjazz|SPAZ: Was you a man on the move and just sick enough to be totally confident?
A pole.
Meanwhile: A pol-
goddammit
Is that Trixie?
Lol
:D
Were you*
pablez94: oh i'm sorry :'(
Kammerjunk: No... I was visiting family with my parents.
Ninjazz|SPAZ: Oh. But was your heart filled with joy?
Strippers would probably cover their cutie marks with a fake one that matches their stage name.
Who's the male pony supposed to be?
Hmmm Nah.
And did you feel like a monster reincarnation of Horatio Alger?
Well, gosh darn it, then.
/me performs healing spell on pablez94
What was I supposed to feel? I was around 14.
Hello everypony :D
Resonantwaves, welcome.
Siiigh
hello Resonantwaves
There must be ponies good at careers we don't see in the show.
Ninjazz|SPAZ: You were supposed to be filled with joy. After all, there was no point in looking back.
06oo
/me opens his eyes immediatly and says to Spectrum_Rush "i fooled u!"
This reminds of Trixie and Shining Armor Bachelor Party image. <<.
/me kicks and punchs and beats Spectrum_Rush
I came back to my tiny little island in a round a week's time.
/me gives Espeon pills
I mean, Shining Armor has a shield Cutie Mark, so there's obviously ponies talented at soldiering.
Ohai Xeli
(Dat antiquated verb)
06hii
:'( you
...It's a reference to Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, awright?
/me keeps fighting till chenges Spectrum_Rush faces..
What a horrible day ive had so far
I cried today
I have been training the Espeon named after you on my Pokémon Black
:[how dare you pablez94
Randomnerd: I'd rather say it's more about protecting in general, rather than... soldiering xd
/me then stops the allucinating spell
/me bangs Spectrum_Rush and pablez94's heads together. "Stop that."
/me goes in to a blind rage at pablez94
I wonder if there are ponies talented at crimes.
/me grabs Pablez94 and Spectrum_rush on their collar and suspens them in air.
I wonder if there ARE ponies talented at arguing.
stop fighting everypony! :(
/me hey lemme go i gotta bash is face in
Kammerjunk: Lawyer ponies.
A jewel thief pony is inevitable.
Meanwhile: OBJECTION!
Vordox: don't stop this it was an hallucination..
Kammerjunk: overruled.
ohokay
i feel so overwhelmed by everything lately
Like, a pony with a crowbar cutie mark might be a burglar, or a Demolitions expert.
Even if it's an illusion, other may not agree to it. Especially for people seeing you two fighting within Bronystates Area.
No... That would be Gordon Freeman as a pony,
Randomnerd: A demolitions expert has to have an eyepatch. It's almost a requirement.
The new ones particulary.
so, a drawing of Shining Armor and trixie?
Any pony truly talented at CRIME would have a totally misleading Cutie Mark.
Tbh, how would you ever catch a thief whose special talent is stealing? They'd be so good at it you'd never find them.
/me huh what happened
/me puts down the two and bonks their heads with his hoof* Behave now.
/me stops da hallucinating spell on Vordox Meanwhile and Spectrum_Rush
I feel so much regret right now...all these flashbacks to the past mistakes ive made
Meanwhile: Exactly. Their CM would be something else entirely.
@.@
Like a diamond...
Meanwhile: What if a person whose talent is being a detective tries to catch a person whose talent is not being caught?
Just arrest anyone with a suspicious cutie mark.
"Officer, I have no idea what you're talking about, I'm just a baker."
That'd be like that movie with the psychic law enforcement wouldn't it
Like scootaloo? Orange is a suspicious talent
"Suspect is Pink, with a pink mane"
/me what'd i do so confuse:(
>psychic law enforcement
wat
Someone should write that fic. Where certain cutie marks are considered dangerous to society and are locked away. Presumably under Canterlot.
/me "i'm pretty powerfull huh Vordox ?"
Pinkie Pie truly *was* the master Cake Ruiner...
not the moon?
Too much effort.
Oh yes, this song.
/me gives the glare to Pablez.
Meanwhile: There's one called "Cognitive Dissonance", It's about a pony who's good at fighting.
06yay espeons :3. and o.o
Okay, so are special talents like giving special talents dangerous?
14hi
I am playing the game. The one that'll take me to the end.
what about decreasing entropy
The game.
You lost it.
08,01friends!
08,01romans!
well, it's been a while
Friend!
Joke's on you, I lost it 5 minutes ago.
daMMIT
Scottish molestia!
/me "whcih sense of "glare" Vordox ?"says scared
Good morning everypony :)
When in Rome, do as Roman does.
08,01Meanwhile: you're meant to say (countrymen)
08,01then i say
I lost interest though. Besides, The Finale already established Ponies can be good soldiers without destroying Equestrian Society.
E.G., go bowling.
Dat Julius Caesar
08,01i know that!
Close enough.
Most Armies insist their goal is to end the fighting as quickly as possible, in line with Sun Tzu's instructions on the matter.
/me " Vordox ?" says even MORE scared
did Wrek give up his last drawing???? :(
08,01i'm totally voting Carry On Caesar this week
08,01http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xPEXCpDIrYM
btw what do ya think about my spell powers Spectrum_Rush? pretty ggod huh that hallucinating spell was pretty hard to learn...
If I don't get into HTX, I'm joining the goddamn Army.
try not to get shot Kammerjunk.
I'll try.
Kammerjunk: I thought Denmark had compulsory service.
Randomnerd: We do, but only to learn how they do stuff.
Ive had this stuck in my head..all day. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZK4ACg3gI8
This eases my pain...not by enough though
[1,0You0,4Tube]: OCR01242: Donkey Kong Country 'Beneath the Surface' OC ReMix [Aquatic Ambiance] | by | Length: | Views: 11.730
It's like a 9 months course.
Ah, you mean as a career then.
Yeah. Can't really think of anything else I'd like to do.-
I've been considering joining the Navy for some time.
can somepony hear me?? Vordox ??? Spectrum_Rush ?? is there anypony here?
Omg...The Swedish Translation sucks except for 1 voice. ._. I DECLARE fandubbing time!
05for those that cant tell
hello everyone
Sigh
So....you drew a Nazi?
05thats vinyl wieldign a maser, which basicalyl is a fusion driven bass gun
Oh yeah. Obviou
Obviously*
MAH BASS CANNON!
The problem is that the US Military is treated as the Employer of Last Resort in the US.
Make sure to make her eyes magenta, Wrek.
Vinyl would be a badass Noise Marine.
you played with my mind made me do things pablez94
vinyl vinyl vinyl
Randomnerd: Maybe that's because people don't want to die.
blarg
/me glares at pablez94
Blorg
We are amplified.
Mmm, dying doesn't seem like fun.
Oh hi, dari.
Grabl.
whoa
Ohai
Kammerjunk: lol that's true.
Amidoinitrite?
08,01the actual death part isn't, though
Yes
To be honest...atm it feels like im all alone in this world...
So dark and cold
Gorbl
yay.
Havent seen this color yet.
Gorgelsmorgel
I wonder if you go to Equestria after death.
/me "hehehehehehehe "embaraced"wel atleast no pony hurts right Spectrum_Rush ?"
Marglegargle
Allo dari.
14o.o
Ibblebibble.
14what happened?
Cello dari
05nope after death you cease to exist
Randomnerd: Also, the whole psychologically-scarred part doesn't sound like fun either.
Tally-ho? :P
http://dash.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/133535845911.png
Wrek: Yeah, figures.
Ive made too many mistakes in my life
D'aww
/me ":( sorry Spectrum_Rush."
Did Wrek finish the twilight pic?
So Wrek whats next?
08,01my god, i have such a crush on Kenneth Williams
some of them....hurt the one person who i truly love.
08,01i wish i had a time machine
Kammerjunk: That has more to do with the irresponsible way our politicians use military force, if you ask me.
My God, I have such a cross on Braeburn.
do yo ureally ean it pablez94
crush
*
I have so much regret inside atm.
Heheh
cross works... Kinda...
/me pinkie pie swear pablez94
Ice cream magic.
And then pinkie pie had control over all baked goods
I'm not a pacifist, but our presidents tend to ignore "The Art of War" in a lot of ways.
As if she didn't all ready
And that's how Equestria was destroyed.
Randomnerd: Well, if fighting is sure to result in victory, then you must FIGHT!
ie: Protracted wars are a bad idea.
"The enemy of my enemy is my friend" - Sun Tzu
What if I don't really have any enemies?
I don't think Sun Tzu said that...
he did
/me funny how were talikng about the art of war considering a few moments ago...
She currently only has indirect control of all baked goods
TF2 YAY!
Randomnerd: Sun Tzu said that! And I'd say he knows a little more about fighting than YOU do, pal, because HE INVENTED IT!
So? Did he finish Twi?
lol, Kammerjunk.
And then he perfected it so that no living man could best him in the ring of honour Kammerjunk.
/me "no fake this time, i'm serious Spectrum_Rush . i hate to be gleared.. maes me feel pretty bad.. i thought u would be suprised but not that upset."reads to new meassages.."oh yeah i pinkie promise"
"fighting in facebook won't solve anything" - sun tzu
Did somebody say Zoo?
Then he used his fight money to buy two of every animal on earth! Then he herded them onto a boat! and then he beat the crap out of every single one!
14o.o
Fighting on the Internet in general won't solve anything.
pablez94: oh kay then apoligie excepted
...
Unless it's a farm!
Fighting -for- the Internet, however, is different.
Meanwhile, that explains so much....
Sigh
Cant wait to see what he has.....
He has a machina.
yay i officially have my drivers liscense back!
Which is silly because you can't no scope with a machina.
I can't snipe at all.
05well come on then
Fine.
/me "btw what do ya think about that magic, Spectrum_Rush ?"
05empty survur
Do I have to?
IP pls
Unless it's a farm!
What server is it? Is it one of the Pony Legion ones?
I live so far away...
pablez94; impressive most immpresive
Wrek: Incoming
id play, but as soon as i finish on the phone with my insurabce company, im going out
What game is it, TF2?
yes....
no its l4d2
Eeeeeh. Fine. It's been ages since I played payload anyway.
Yes
whats ur account name?
Not watching the stream Gilbert, so I didn't know. :P
lol oh okay
dashie!
That_British_Guy: Wrek is Wrek. He's the guy with the creepy Soldier avatar.
xD
Hello, everypony.
yo
hi BronyJenkins
BronyJenkins, welcome.
well im out
/me "I should have known you'd be angry. guess who teached me that spell?"
be back later?
oh wait i forgot this laptop im using doesnt have my Steam account :'(
hello BronyJenkins
hi BronyJenkins !
Hay. ^-^
/me Trollestia? pablez94
/me "really far!!!"
08,01SHIZUKA!
/me pablez94: Discord?
08,01<3
13morning
Shizuka, welcome.
13oh wrek is live
Cello Shizuka
/me "obviously chrysalis" Spectrum_Rush
moin Shizuka
14:(
/me hugs
/me slowly hugs back.
/me pablez94: feels dumb
hai everypony
hi
05did it only die for me?
timed out on loading :(
08,01Wrek: i'd die, only for you.
Wrek try reconnect.... (retry in console)
Yeah.
I'm still here.
So are the two other guys.
08,01Kammerjunk: kinky.
Idk if ill ever be the same after all of this
he he he
whould i join wrek?
Atm...my smile is completely gone.
05there we go
or can i
dk
Poke
/me "i met her in da corner of equestria totally hurt and depressed... i cured her ... then she teached me this spell" Spectrum_Rush
pablez94 ;o wat?
/me lucky you pablez94
o,o
/me "i made her pinkie promise to don't hurt anypony more..." Spectrum_Rush
14what happened? ò_ò
wtf?
Onyxia: i learned from chrysalis her hallucinating spell..."
/me how could you make the Queen promise such nonsense pablez94
02*WB03(Ray03)02WB* - <Ray> 02I'm a walking CDC nightmare, It makes me want to hug someone
/me "i explained her what a pinkie promise is, of course" Spectrum_Rush
http://derpy.me/tipY3
Wow....rude much....
lol
/me has arrived...AND SEES TF2!!!...anyway HI :)
loool
Glad I'm not that Luna
Hello ACS13123
But if you used old spice bodywash, you could be that Luna
/me you silly filly pablez94
XD
Red sleeve?
14lol
I don't wann be that woona
haxer heavy
/me "and even what happen if u break it" Spectrum_Rush
Sigh...im crying again ><
112 people here? Thats NOTHING compared to satuday...
/me seems legit then pablez94
saturday*
excuse me, has anypony seen or talked to Nyria recently?
March 1st is officially Derpy Hooves day kthx
by the way, Whos streaming?
Haven't seen Nyria in awhile....
wrek is
Wrek correct?
08,01time to fire-proof my hair and clothes
What happened?
/me 08,01is putting in drealocks, ready for the Beltane ritual
LunaTheBeloved: me neither... :(
Hmm?
Last time we talked was...about a week ago I believe...
/me "wait a second....filly?? i'm 18 years old man!" Spectrum_Rush
13I've already told you this many times before, but you're better off without her
13seriously
13:/
Nyria?!
yeah
lulz: http://derpy.me/cy4iZ
I miss talking to her
08,01i want to draw a filly shizuka
Good person... So much heart in her/him.
08,01but i can't draw
heheh
SS, what exactly happened?
13silly filly
/me hehheh i'm still older than you pablez94
Always trying to cheer me up when I was sighing like crazy.
Such a good person.
I just need to be able to accept my art work
I think everything I draw is crap
/me "yeah... this doesn't make me a filly..." -amused face- Spectrum_Rush
So I don't draw
And I don't get any better :s
there isnt many people in that game :/
Sigh
ill pm later when im home...
pablez94:colt then watever
Go fix that.
Add Wrek and go play with him.
/me laughs
And AE..My pain im feeling right now...was caused by me...and all the past mistakes ive made...
Ninjazz: Nyria was talking to me when I was at really dark places and she helped me to get out. She really lives up to identifying herself with Pinkie Pie ;) and I miss talking to her
CloverMuffins: She really does... God damn I miss her.
/me "better. Spectrum_Rush " laughs thinking that's an human and not an horse but acts like he is
13Everyone makes mistakes, it's part of life
Lifes a <censored>
At first I was a little put off by just how freakin friendly she was... I was foolish. So foolish.
bad xan.
I mean hi.
I stand by my point
Nyria isn't a she.
hey L[a]korv
:P
13There'll be plenty of opportunities to pick yourself up again, I promise
He.
pablez94: uh wut
I hope so AE
13and you shouldn't dwell over things that have happened in the past, instead you should focus on what's to come
Hard to find guys that friendly.
if I were to actually care for all my mistakes I'd have killed myself years ago.
13hope you feel better soon though~ and I'm always here if you need someone to talk to :3
And ffs, first the display driver goes out, now it's telling me only one instance of the game can be running. Fuck you computer.
/me "nothing. what?" Spectrum_Rush
+1@ L[a]korv
I knowz that feel, Meanwhile.
/me sighs
/me shrugs pablez94
/me hugs back
/me "oki dokki...." Spectrum_Rush
13I'd give you a real hug right now if I could |D
/me loki.... pablez94
I really need a real hug
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9aofoBrFNdg&feature=autoplay&list=PL3CE0316CD679714D&playnext=2
YOU
Like badly
YOU GOT WHAT I NEED
14:(
/me "? i'm getting cofused" Spectrum_Rush
14well, I'm here too if you need anything
Thanks
good morning ppl :)
oh god
Hey fops
/me i've been confused for the past hour pablez94
BUT YOU SAY HE JUST A FRIEND
BUT YOU SAY HE JUST A FRIEND
moin fops
fops, welcome.
ty :)
/me lolled
/me lack of sleep will do that pablez94
hello all!
/me "i guess Spectrum_Rush "
Ill bbl...maybe...
in half an hour i'll go out with a friend
hi NewDCD
Bye for now
hey DrGNs
/me thats... nice pablez94
I found lyra's pet
heys fops:
/me yawns
/me "ok it's obvious i'm a unicorn...but wich kind of pony are ya Spectrum_Rush ?"
14I remember when I was feeling like that
08,01so this is what i'll be doing on Monday night: http://beltane.org/gallery/
14veeery painful
/me pegusus ,pablez94
/me "nice."
Im back :3
09,01I need to know something
14oh well
hey That_British_Guy
/me updates 3DS
13When I think about just how many people here have gone through depression or other incredibly difficult times in life, I suddenly feel really grateful that I've never felt that low myself before o.o;
What is it that you must know?
and that would be NewDCD?
08,01NewDCD: yes, i admit it, i slept with her.
O_O
tell us NewDCD
6_9
Wrek: Same pose as Twilight Sparkle I see...\
14lol
pablez94's silly question time!!!! where are u from That_British_Guy ?
09,01anybody here own Ace Combat: Assault Horizon?
14you are very lucky, or you have a very strong personality o.o
09,01I need to know if it's worth it, from the perspective of an AC Vet
I wish i own it :(
but i have played the demo
and in my opinion
13Eh, I'm not that strong |D
NewDCD: i don't and i don't know what is it
TOTALLY WORTH BUYING!
just went to eqd while the stream was on. it's amazing how the music fits http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/04/nightly-roundup-300-this-is-full-of.html
09,01I don't know
13when I think about the times that have got me stressed out for longer periods of time and such, they're nowhere near as bad as what other people here have had .w.
09,01Dogfight Mode sounds terribul
well, fitted. the moment's over -.-
09,01and
09,01>regenerating health
I actually heard people say its not good. Other than that I can't offer you anything else.
09,01why why would you do that in an AC game
NewDCD it got 8.75 outa 10
Augh, an Uber wasted! :(
09,01in IGN?
09,01Pfhahahaha
MW in AC.
09,01as if IGN's opinion was worth something
/me SUNSHINE SUNSHINE LADYBUG AWAKE CLAP YOUR HOOVES AND DO AL LITTLE SHAKE
NewDCD: they said they wanted to reinvent assault horizon
nope.avi
13then again, even when I am stressy about something I tend to try not to show it xD
GameInformer
/me yawns
09,01but theres a demo, then?
As i said, lifes a biatch
NewDCD: in clear english: make it cod-kiddie freindly
09,01I think I'll try that
14well, at least for me, the past is the past
09,01that direction that games are taking makes me sick
14it took me years to overcome depression, but I did it, at least for the most part ^^;
09,01on the other hand, Assault Horizon Legacy sounds sweet
What are they going to sing or something?
09,01since it's a remake of AC2
09,01so I'm expecting some FIRE YOUNGMAN remix
hey guys
Damn you, server connection! DAAAAAMN YOOOUUU!
Disconnection!
same Kammerjunk
DAMN IT
i cant follow you into these there lands, for my weapon of choice ahs always been the pc
alexxm, welcome!
Well, I'm going to go anyway.
hey alexxm
Cheerio.
wel time for MC :3
cya Kammerjunk
cya Kammerjunk|Away
/me "sunshine, sunshine, ladybugs awake! cup's your hooves and do a little shake!" with Spectrum_Rush
/me welcomes alexxm :)
Take care
CUP'S?????
WHAT DA FUCK?
cup is
09,01>The fact that what was "Novice" controls in the previous games is now "Optimal" displays my point.
13That's cuz you're awesome :P
09,01.........................
I'M FUCKING CRAZYYYY
09,01why would you do that, Bamco
09,01WHY
/me dances wit pablez94
Server, why you crash?
Eh... time for me to leave
lol
09,01I always play Professional Controls.....Even on PSP, where it's tough as nails
Cya Simon2
NewDCD: lol
14x33 thank you
back for a short while
Has anypony seen what they had done to Brothers in Arms???
02Oh right
023DS Update
/me dances with Spectrum_Rush but is furios cause he can't write something without makes tons and tons of fails!
My god...
/me gets his updated
14FOLDERS
IT IS AN ABSOLUTE ABONIMATION!
14FOLDERS
ikr, That_British_Guy...
144K14FOLDERS
in fact i failed again damn it!!!
14:DD
what happened to it?
mfw I saw that god aweful trailer.
09,01I hear the Multiplayer is good though
We watching Wrek again?
Dark_Horst: Think Inglorius Bastards only really bad characters.
oh boy
/me its ok pablez94 noponies perfect
Yep...
but thats what brothers in arms is...
Dark_Horst they took the most dramatic WW2 video game story and turned it into Inglories Bastards the video game
Oh HELL NO!
09,01well I might get it for Multiplayer (since I like the call backs they did to the Razgriz/Wardog Squadron from AC5 in the promotional materials)
/me "oh my gos the Spectrum_Rush has been daoubled!!!"
well, if you want games that don't nerf themselves into shit or throw baysplosions and one-liner around, maybe you shoudl take a look at red orchestra
Brothers in Arms is a god damn good story of a squad leader and his troops trek through hell.
ok
the gameplay aims for realism and it's supposedly tough as fuck
/me MUHAHAHAHAHA
I really dont give a fuk
*fuck
Dark_Horst then you wouldnt want to play ARMA 2 then
Mooieen everypony :)
hey Invi
I don't want an arcade sim made out of my Brother in Arms.
02"If you are under 18 you must ask your parents about th- blah blah blah"
02LOL
02Who does that?
Spectrum_Rush2: is always u?
Invi, welcome.
That_British_Guy: oh, i know of arma. but really, if i want that much realism, i'd have enlisted
yeah volonatry fail!
/me hi again Invi
soudns like a fun game, that ARMA 2
/me hugs pavarkian Ninjazz and Spectrum
;)
/me rolls absent mindedly through chat.
Im back
and hello Invi
arma is a militairy simulator turned game
:)
/me hugs Invi back
LightTrooper105, welcome back.
moin LightTrooper105 :)
I like military sims
13You
13don't deny it ;3
thank you Ninjazz
/me " Spectrum_Rush are u even Spectrum_Rush2 ?"
the kind of software they train soldiers with. then somebody had the idea to sell it as a game to advertise and win recruits
I know a guy that absolutely loves ARMA 2
/me give Ninjazz half eaten muffin and cupcakes to Invi
05NOT TOO SHABBY AS A MEDIC IF I SAY SO MYSELF
I just finished doing some paperwork, my eye are slightly derped now...
/me yes
/me no
I can completely understand why
so naturally, it's as realistic as shooters get
Dat all caps.
/me noms on cupcake ''Thanks LightTrooper105 '' :)
/me maybe
/me gives the muffin to Derpy
You were saying Wrek?
/me "i'm cofused!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" one says yes other one says no wth should i think???"
:P
/me rolls Meanwhile back into his cottage
hey how do i get the screensaver on desktop ponys to work
/me bumps his head on the doorframe on the way in.
<_>
Oops
oh god, it fits so well http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/04/nightly-roundup-300-this-is-full-of.html
02LOLno.
14hi NS :3
/me puts Meanwhile on the couch
2hai Viri :3
seriously. destiny lead me to eqd after i entered the stream
14how goes?
pablez94 trust your heart? xD
i can play this game tooo!!!!
/me attempts to realign his eyes.
bwahbwahbwahbwahbwahbwah
>_<
Close enough.
/me hey pablez94
Brb
pablez94 and pablez94_2 ? 2 times palblez?
shadow clone jutsu!
/me filly
/me silly
Invi: shadown clone jutsu
pablez94: Wind Style RASEN SHURIKEN
ah... ok?....
_xXiaoDrag0n_: oh my goodness!
Oh no... Here come the Naruto fans.
/me hides in his good old safety corner
here talks da ninja! Ninjazz
anyone see the shes a tree all day pmv?
Ninjazz: I watch Naruto last time, no it's MLP: FiM timee XD
now it's*
2Good :3
2and you?
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2wzziLtdp1r25pejo1_500.png
I watched Naruto LONG time ago.
/me which Spectrum_Rush is real
14same :3
/me damn fail
Now, poni poni poni poni and poni.
Ninjazz: I stopped at Naruto Shippuden Episode 37 if I am right
I stopped at Naruto 104
Cant believed I freakin wathed that many...
I stopped a few months ago.
13http://fav.me/d4xhpt6
Spectrum_Rush2: silly filly huh?
not Shippuden?
Spectrum_Rush: well what should i do instead?
Cannot believe naruto has a bloodline and all enemies are revived
I never watched Naruto really because it was too boring ^^
13Okay so my computer has a bit of trouble opening my Pokemon folder these days
Shizuka: awesome
Invi: it's not boring, you should try listen to Kesi Gyakuten dude, it's awesome
Not shippuden.
Shizuka: Suddenly everything makes sense.
14o.O
Kesei*
14why's that?
131.14GB of Pokemon images isn't THAT much, is it? >.>;
13I think my computer's just bad overall xD
_xXiaoDrag0n_ i tried
ok i gotta go now double byebye!!!!!
14LOL
14why you have 1.14gb of pokémon images xDD
bya pablez94
13WYNAUT
Shizuka: Enlightened.
pablez94: Bye bye...
Ohh I made a funny!
13there's a ton of good images out there when you go to the right places :D
/me bye pablez94
14:P
Cya pablez94
14I have a folder I call "wallpapers", but I download every image I like
14it's constantly growing up in space xD
ohai
last think to make u smile!
Pinkies4thWall, welcome.
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173043
/me licks oablez94
hey Pinkies4thWall hows your day been
/me licks pablez94
Yfw that's an automated response.
hi everypony
omgomgomgomgomgomgomgomgomg
Allo Derpy-Master.
ok, alexxm
moin Derpy-Master and alexxm
right when i'm going away alexxm ?
Woo I'm 16 now! Wonderfull, have to pay full price for a train ticket :[
/me pablez94 i was the real one
morining, Invi
hey Invi hows your day been
moin Pinkies4thWall
OHAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
im so joining this
hey Derpy-Master hows your day been
hi Hazard
good
thx
hey Hazard hows your day been
good
double lick!!!! alexxm
/me licks alexxm
/me hugs pablez94
Back
wb
Thanks
welcome back
Oh Cello Chrysalis
ok now i really gotta go... sorry alexxm but i really have to... bye Spectrum_Rush bye u all bronies!
ewww, gimme a break
shotgun sniping. becasue, fuck it
cya pablez94
/me bye pablez94 it was fun
08,01i fucking love LaTeX
Wb.
08,01http://adb39.host.cs.st-andrews.ac.uk/cs3099report.pdf
intresting ^^
/me 4 me too bye my pegasus.
Thanks
08,01Hazard: it's the software i used to typeset that report
Hazard: don't worry. he emans the software
i hope
ok nvm
ah. there. see?
08,01alexxm: went well; read for yourself!
who here can draw? or at least vector?!
08,01i wrote the appendices and the mote implementation details
besides wrek
08,01and the abstract
FIRE FIRE FIRE~!
/me rolls off the couch. "urrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr."
08,01because it was me actually doing the embedded programming for the motes
/me pokes Meanwhile then pushes him under the couch
hello! MrPoniator
/me accepts his fate of under-couchness.
ohai
morning everypony
morning
hey MrPoniator hows your day been
Hello everypony!!!!
morn
Morning y'all
Cello MrPoniator and Ingwaz and all the ponies coming in
hey Ingaz hows your day been
/me lies down on the couch
wait what, mrponiator is here?
hey MysteryPony hows your day been
Whoa whoa whoa so many bronies coming on
Moin MysteryPony
hey Ingwaz hows your day been
[00:09:21] <MrPoniator> ohai
Theres a joke to be made here somewhere...
oh
just got in
not bad alexxm, how about yourself?
WHOA whoa whoa whoa. Whoa.
good Ingwaz
Is there?
whoa
Straisin, welcome.
If there is, I can't find it.
/me so much whoa
I know there is, but I cant think of what it is
thanks Ninjazz
alexxm: prety exsosting! who`S your day been?
heh
insert sumi "WHOAAH" here
I have no clue
well hes obviously gonna take it lying down
Sumi
oh hey, I was just listening to your podcast with bronyville today mrponiator
neat
Eh....That was terrible
cool stuff
/me shrugs, bonking his head on the couch.
good MysteryPony
08,01"Statistics emerged recently showing Glasgow to be Europe's murder capital, but in the same week it was voted Britain's friendliest city. That means you may get beaten up and stabbed, but at least they will have the courtesy to give you directions to the hospital."
if only Sumica were streaming
02http://puu.sh/rr5o Awesome Wallpaper swag is awesome
>_<
GOLF CLUB LOL!
lol
Smarty Pants: Origins
Shizuka: that is full of d'awwww, soapie solar does some good art work
08,01alexxm: it really is
14:D indeed
/me hops off the couch and flips it over
/me Shizuka wit the diabeetus man
damn
02Also, you know when you play too much Touhou 12.3
DAT MUZIK"
02when you have a shotcut on your desktop
02Lol
Dat Wrek
/me ponders from beneath the now upsidedown couch.
ohai guys
ohai pavarkian
heya
08,01_xXiaoDrag0n_: he fixed his bike and is using it for transport again
hey pavarkian hows your day been
Heya guys
/me shrugs and goes in search of her blanket box
fine, thanks. how bout you alexx?
Cello Trixie
hey Trixie hows your day been
14lol
good pavarkian
Alexxm: Good thanks
woot cellos
moin Trixie
:)
heya trixie
/me Licks Meanwhile
hai Trixie
/me crawls out from under the couch.
/me licks Trixie
08,01_xXiaoDrag0n_: he's build like a tank: https://picasaweb.google.com/112227486388834544625/TheParents#5404441748454998498
:0
I do not understand what just happened, and give up trying to.
Don't look now....but Trixie is here
Hello Everpony!
lol
/me crawls back under the couch.
Hello :D
/me licks Alexxm
evenin' trix
Fml.
BAM BAM
Moien Resonantwaves :)
Heheh
evening straisin
Hi Invi :)
13http://i.imgur.com/zTi3d.jpg
13MINE'S BETTER
/me runs
I have a question! if anypony can answer :P
shoot
/me Licks Meanwhile
/me so much greeting
hey Resonantwaves hows your day been
go on...
/me Is sad
why?
how come Trixie
02Windows XP, long time no see :P
Meanwhile no here :'(
ah
/me no be sad
/me licks Trixie and gives her a cupcake
13Windows XP FTW
02also; your BG ain't bad :3c
:c
Now you're making her sad
/me hugs Trixie
Whats a definition for Remixing? for example i remized a song from mandopony but its the same melody and i added 5 more instruments,pads,drum and some cymbal crashes does that count as a remix?
Tell someone who cares.
aww. ded
Trixie: i'm your daddy now
02You know that Microsoft has started the coutdown of 'the end of XP'?
Hey Alexxm :D
kinky
/me blocks the entrance to his couch fort with a cushion.
We all know you care Meanwhile
if it's the same melody, I'm not too sure
13I know, and I say screw them xD
You better hope she doesn't find this room
Resonantwaves i thix every alternation is aremix, but i'm not sure
She hasn't been here long enough.
/me raises a moustache flag on his couch fort.
not sure Resonantwaves sorry
She will have been here long enough one day
Left 4 Dead 2
but then I don't really know what the definition of a remix is
There may come a day when she has been here long enough, but it is not this day!
nopony does
nopony
/me still uses Windows XP too
:/
wait, we shpuld ask the almighty Wikipedia
/me throws a spare cushion in LunaTheBeloved's general direction.
13:D
*should
lol...
HEATHEN
13also, brb
Shizuka: you awake
?
*no article for remix*
ok np, would anypony like to hear the original and remix of the song :o and maybe if you hear it :P
13nope
google is the omniscient god we all worship
Any re rendition of a song that is complete is and can be considered a remix
ikr Straisin
14I think that WinXP is like the most pirated thing ever xD
dat awake
05god i suck as scout
/me grabs the cushion, curls up in her blanket box and uses the cusion to cever the entrance
mhmm
snipah
you do
As do I.
yay I know what a remix is in german, but i don't know how to translate it :(
I am back because my laptop battery keeps falling out
*Cushion, Cover
Shizuka: Do we have any commands such as !wiki or !google
?
lulz
13we don't
/me lobs a cushion at LunaTheBeloved artillery style.
/me is uneffected
08,01we have !pissoffmod
13yep we do have that
!pissoffmod
We don't need a command for that.
/me dances on Shizuka head
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
/me pokes a hole in her box and shots a cushion back at Meanwhile
02Brb~
Here:
A remix is an alternative version of a recorded song, made from an original version. Sometimes this term is also used for alterations of media or recreation other than song (film, literature, beverages etc.).
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Remix: a piece of music that is produced by combining parts of an existing piece of music with new sounds o_o
Why not, Shizu?
13be..cause we don't need them?
it really works :O
jarate op
08,01and now, time to get up
/me Licks Meanwhile "where are you?"
But i don't want to leave to get a google link
/me 08,01licks Trixie
/me pulls away from the couch window as the cushion hits and bonks his head on the frame.
Lol.
08,01everyone shall be licked.
Trixie, he might be afk.....
ok
i would do anything for a bag of potato chips
This cottage has it in for my skull I swear.
/me Licks google
me too
o.o..
It would seem so
/me licks everyone
:o
/me avoids the licks
my jimmies remain unrustled
/me backs slowly away
so much licks :o
/me licks Trixie -.-
haha lol
/me pitches a tennis ball at LunaTheBeloved's box.
/me so much licking
yeah...
/me is immune to the rustling of the jimmies
lickety lick
/me 's box gets flipped over and she is now trapped
Lickity Split
Princess Luna~!
Guess I don't know my own strength.
Or that you are in fact a balloon person.
/me licks pavarkian
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-wGVMF2IaAl4/TnJuFajeJEI/AAAAAAAAMP8/NrzSIJKep40/s1600/58423+-+Trixie+cuteness+squee.jpg
/me licks alexxm back
/me wonders how his animaniacs torrent is doing
Trixie : i'm your daddy now
Perhaps
No. :|
~squee
d'aaaww
well i'm gonna go for now
intresting...
02*le back
/me catches the tennis ball at the rebound and goes for a repeat throw.
nnight rush
cya later ev'rypony
cya spectrum :D
Bye Spectrum
bye bye
cya SpectrumRush
/me hugs trixie
/me hugs
cya Spectrum_Rush
cya spectrum
c ya Spectrum
13I be back~
cya Spectrum_Rush
/me hugs pavarkian
lol wrek
13LOL my mum called me asking where I was
corner a scout and beat him to death with a sign
13she didn't know I've been home for at least a couple of hours now
/me wubhuggles ev'rypony
/me wubggles rush
/me hugs Spectrum_Rush
/me hugwubbles Spectrum_Rush
14wb
/me wubhuggles Spectrum_Rush
/me that to lol
commando scout beats everyone to death with signs
('.')/) bye
bye
bye!
back and hi angel
y'know what I'm gonna hit the hay too
night fellas
cya Straisin
c u
Ive already accounted for all my lost sleep...
nighty Stra... gone
just to make up for more lost time
cya Straisin
/me nite Straisin... i go....
i tend to catch up on sleep on the bus to college
hmm
/me burps
alexxm I tend to use caffeine to catch up sleep ;-D
hmm
/me is quitting caffiene
well my college is about an hour away Invi
oh
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-RXsdMZR0HbY/Tp4BOhBDl0I/AAAAAAAAOsw/APIHolNFBso/s1600/72847+-+The_Great_And_Powerful_Trixie+Trixie+artist+paraderpy+crazy.png
and i get two buses Invi
~tee hee
/me misses LunaTheBeloved's box and gets hit in the face by the rebound.
indeed
Trixie, you gotta learn some humility.
My mom drove me everymoring to school. that was so relaxing ^^
>_(\
bah, humility
/me backs away slowly from Trixie
/me backs slowly closer towards Trixie
good evening bronystate...
hey Flutters
Flutters, welcome.
moin Flutters
hey Flutters hows your day been
RawkeetLawnchair Humility is my middle name, I am TRIXIE
That sounds like Mayhem
Trixie: -hugs-
pyrocatboy -licks-
it has been okay. despite it raining basically ALL day
dude, go outside
Trixie: And I'm the king of Siam. . .
you in england as well Flutters?
its fucking RAIN
yeah
Flutters: ARe you in South East England?
Ah
/me loves rain
Trixie: -cuddles-
which part Flutters
essex
croydon
RawketLauncher, If you are the king of siam let me reign as Queen :)
hmm
dat refrence
I have the dizziest headache right now.
oh yeah, right now i'm meant to be editing some filming one of my reatives took, but instead i'm here. i regret nothing
Trixie: -licks back-
I always have those Meanwhile
Sucks to be you then.
:)
i know
your point being?
/me Licks Meanwhile
hope you feel better Meanwhile
That...was my point. In it's entirety.
mmk
oh moin Meanwhile
/me ruffles Trixie's mane.
Allo.
/me -Smile-
hows your day been Meanwhile
Meanwhile: -Joins in on the licking-
Uninteresting.
VINNER
tisnt it always
Woke up. Went downstairs. Had my bowl. Had cereal.
05dinnertime muthafuckaa
You can probably fill in the rest.
you then had insane sex with the next person you laid eyes on
Lunch time
Yeah. Sure. Why not.
Catch y'al later
Lunch time
Cheerybye
Wrek: Its lunchtime here in central Michagan;
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-fZjJw9ipphQ/T0BOqKRy9NI/AAAAAAAAfoQ/EFSerQHd4Zs/s1600/trixie_tacs__for_seth__by_lvgcombine-d4q6mw5.png <Trixie tak anone
Catch y'all laterz
/me hugs LunaTheBeloved.
Cya LunaTheBeloved
/me hugs Meanwhile
its lunch time here on the eastern US....
Trixie: lol
/me licks alexxm for da last time before to go out with friends
does anyone know where I can find Dan Vs. episodes?
yeah
pirate bay
YouTube
/me looks at Meanwhile "I found some rope earlier" ;)
/me licks pablez94
DrGNs, hotsauceonpizza.tumblr.com/dan%20vs
Im..back
ill brb
get lunch
/me raises an eyebrow at Trixie.
thanks ehm: and Pavarkian:
/me Raises eyebrow at Meanwhile
Meanwhile: -hugs-
14wb
Thanks..
12MOONIN
12TODAY IS A GREAT DAY
I still haven gotten any better
/me lowers an eyebrow at Trixie.
;-;
12BUT BROTHER
12I SAW COWS
12=(
/me releses monkies into chat
/me derps eyes
12don't they make you smile? =D
Cows wont help this time...
/me charges at Meanwhile
12holy cow
12whats up?
14hi Soital
/me steps into a safe corner of the chat
14</late>
<_<;
/me goes random and aimless around
Im just under depression
alexxm: -has a pinkie bitten off-
*sleeps*
Hi Ninjazz welcome in my safety corner. Here, have a cupcake
latii
Would anypony like to hear a song? i remixed? :)
Oh, why thank you, Invi.
12Chin up dood, you'll fight through it =)
12Hi Nick~!
/me takes cupcake and throws it at Trixie
I hope so.
sure Resonantwaves
Ninjazz headshot /)
/me Catches cupcake and eats
Woah Woah Woah, who's handing out cupcakes?!?
I seriously hope so.
*falls through fourth wall*
(\
Because this is deep depression
12Darn right you will because I will throw a smelleh feesh at you >:/
Sort of. :S
12We're here dood =)
/me Glomps Meanwhile and flexes rope
12even if I do talk about cows
/me is hit by a low flying Trixie.
12<late> hai
12Hiya :3
Late_Latias
Bai
/me "ROPE SHENANIGANS!!!!"
12LOL
12yes
12and no
Ninjazz so close
12only idleish
Yeah... :c
Notsureifwant.jpeg
alexxm: NOW ITS SIDEWAYS!!!
Hi :3
Flutters how?
hi That_British_Guy
Tish tish
Feesh feesh
beep beep
hey That_British_Guy hows your day been
hi :D
Invi: i divided by pinkie
Sigh
Flutters this is a chat. there is no 4th wall ^^
alexxm: now its backwards
12you know what cheers me up
hgiS
12dr pepper
12you got anything that cheers you up?
/me ties up Meanwhile
damn it
I dont think its good that ive listened to So Much More (Ballad version) over 28 times
brb toilet
I never asked for this.
12>:/
12I mean
12moo
good luck Flutters
If only there was a portal, /me sigh
12Listen to "U can't touch this - MC Hammer"
Trixie: Ooh, kinky.
12makes me want to dance
;)
Dat Pony Revolution
Ponyvolution? where?
there's no cow level.
（╯°□°）╯ ʃɐʇıoS
13Moo
02MOOOOOO
02SIS
Ehhh. Too much of a strech. Dues Ex - Pony Revolution
oooM
02HAI
02Wait, what sis?
/me isnt paying attention
ya right
/me is eatching animaniacs
*watching
/me shoves cupcake in Meanwhile mouth
pavarkian broke the 4th wall backwards xD
Ooh I love Animaniacs!
14lol
/me chews cupcake reluctantly.
14a person I know had a great idea
14http://www.gbarl.it/UP/img/news/2012/aprile/3dsagg.jpg
14black star = 3DS games
12ALWAYS COWS
14white star = demos
/me Is Happy Now
14<< = VC
14# = apps
Im just watching the songs on youtube
Maybe i should go back to that aquatic ambiance remix
All you gotta do is take a cup of flour
ello everypony :)
14music thing: multimedia
12mc hammer :3
/me sings a nice quiet song to himself
Nope i'm fine thank you.
I am torrenting the entire series though
:D
/me scowls through a mouthful of cupcake.
add it to the mix!
14& ? I don't remember
14xD
CreativePonyName, welcome.
moin CreativePonyName
/me Just HAD to tie meanwhile up just for a cupcake
That_British_Guy: *le gasp
hey CreativePonyName hows your day been
alexxm: NOW its INSIDE out!.!
*
13did wrek finish?
Soital: i meant this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZK4ACg3gI8
[1,0You0,4Tube]: OCR01242: Donkey Kong Country 'Beneath the Surface' OC ReMix [Aquatic Ambiance] | by | Length: | Views: 11.730
alexxm: boring :/
That_British_Guy: the hub reported on that on their facebook page as well
Heeheehee.
Shizuka he just haz a mealtime
13oh
/me charges at Trixie with duct tape
i guess
Hello CreativePonyName:
DrGNs: hello :)
/me Hides from alexxm behind Meanwhile
alexxm: NOW ITS ON FIRE!
Listen to it...its beautiful
/me flicks a cinderblock at alexxm's face with his foot.
12YES YES YES
12DARKRAI WI-FI EVENT
12THANKS
12I missed the last one ;3
12<3
ow what was that for Meanwhile
/me peeks out to see if safe
/me is incredibly confused
Wait..is this a world eventt
Ninjazz alexxm always tries to kill everypony
/me triggers his self destruct and explodes.
i don't Invi
I know that...
But...
Because I haven't had my daily amount of cinderblock beatings.
Why is this chat so...
/me We have to bring the cupcake launcher
DUN DUNN DUNNN
alexxm: Now its turning black and starting to smell like rotten meat.
alexxm we already had that discussion ^^
12Hopefully!
12May 9th
Anypony here know coding...
14o.o
12no more info yet
12=<
14B&W?
12No more info but I should assume so
12info from pokebeach
/me Meanwhile: *points at alexxm* "HE HAD DUCT TAPE!" :'(
ctcb, depends which language >_>
12top news feed if you wanna check it out
12XD
Ninjazz so.... dun dun DUUUN ?
Yes. Dun Dunn DUNNNN!
sorry Trixie
ehm: C++ (Possibly) or any other language...
Wth is going on here!
alexxm: But I wasn't on fire.
what the fuck ar ewe talking about
I don't know anymore man.
man, that's vague
/me alexxm *Duct tape is my secret fear*
/me takes out a Rarity plushy
sorry Trixie i didn't know that
:(
/me kicks a cinderblock at alexxm.
/me holds Rarity plushy tight, trying to reassure everything is just fine
-cuts pinkie off and eats it-
/me Its ok
i said i was sorry Meanwhile
/me you received 10 bonus ponts. here have a cupcake. you may now enter the room.
14I see
14wait
14how many events were relased for BW?
143, right?
14Victini, mewtwo and the liberty pass?
Meanwhile, hows your foot? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQmHwjzU1B8
/me Hugs Meanwhile "don't hurt him its ok"
/me kicks Krakass through a wall.
It's dandy.
Just like you?
So apparently, people who attend archery are totally chill.
Ohhh, burnnnn
12Mamoswine
12Bannette
Well, yeah, I am dandy. So yeah I suppose.
/me shrugpony.
12Reshiram/Zekrom depending which game
/me Licks Meanwhile "I like that"
well Kammerjunk, archery does require a lot of concentration
12errm
/me sew purocatboy s pinky back on
12Lucario
/me sews pyrocatboy s pinky back on
Ingwaz: Trudat. It's fun, too.
*is seleeping*
12probably more XD
Kammerjunk: aye, i'd like to pick it up sometime, a very useful skill
Krakass: Want to know what else burns? Life. Life Burns.
14.___.
14I missed all them
14fffff
pyrocatboy, you're confusing life with the sun.
Kammerjunk: it also seems like it would be relaxing
/me licks Trixie
/me is happy
/me gives Ninjazz a Spike doll for Rarity plushy
alexxm, stay away from Meanwhile's woman.
ill brb
You can't imagine what he'll do to you
Ingwaz: Over here in Denmark, I can't own a knife over 7 cm, but I can own a bow without even having a license.
/me licks cupcake frosting
12dream world
12=)
so Trixie how come your scared of duct tape
12lemme check for you
12since I'm already on pokemon.com
14how do I get it from dreamworld? o.o
Krakass: The sun doesn't have a cello, does it?
alexxm "It's a loooong story"
/me Blushes
/me makes Spike and Rarity plushy play with each other while he tries to come up with a perfect explanation with what he is witnessing
Kammerjunk: i'm pretty sure i can own a bow without a license
No, that's octavia.
i have time Trixie
Kammerjunk: but i also cant carry a knife over 7 cm
Ingwaz: It makes no sense.
12do you have an account
12on pokemon.com?
Kammerjunk: well, don't quote me on it, i'm not sure 100% about the bow
Krakass: So Octavia is part of Life?
alexxm heheheh well it's a little emarrasing and well I dont want anypony knowing
14no
14Dx
pyrocatboy: Octavia is the answer to Life.
/me bonks alexxm on the noggin.
Look what I got here, nothing just MY BASS CANON
12wtf disconnected
sorry Meanwhile
05there we go
Hell gym class in middle school we had archery
12erm okay then o.e
awesome
got it Trixie
Krakass_: I am jelly.
12anyways make an account Viri if you want them =)
:)
Sigh
12best bet to get it now =)
13BASKET
13OF
13FLOWERS
12SUCH LOVELY FRAGRENCE
Krakass: These summer courses you could attend for free in my old school had it too. And that was for 8 year olds.
13LOL Soi
13Soi sauce
13~
Kammerjunk: Your not alone. It makes me jelly too.
12...
miranda has a nice plot
hell i did archery in cub scouts
12:<
05a bit more art wouldnt be too sahbby eh?
I guess people just don't consider ranged weapons with pointy ammunition very threatening.
/me is very embarrased now
I suppose..i should get some food
05or shall i skyrim...
whos miranda Ingwaz
miranda from mass effect
05choices choices...
13you really should register your nick so you can fix this yourself whenever it happens :P
Skrim
*Skyrim
how come Trixie
Kammerjunk, I'm guessing that since the technology is soooooo old that no one even thinks of it as dangerous anymore
wrek: SKYRIMSKYRIMSKYRIM
Skartim.
Krakass: Figures.
Wrek throw a coin
12cba
~tee hee~
skyrim Wrek
Kammerjunk: they'd be fools to not consider a bow a threat, you could very easily kill someone with it
12food makes me happy
12like pizza
Wrek: What Invi said. If heads, Skyrim. If tails, Skyrim.
I could go for some art
Ingwaz: We Need To Talk About Kevin.
what games are these events for?
Kammerjunk: kevin?
It's a film. Will not spoil.
Welp, time for brinner. Eggs and sausages and bacon and mushrooms, oh my.
Krakass: Except bow hunters here in Michagan. We're aware about the sheer deadlieness of the bow and arrow.
12B/W
ill bbl
Seeya later everypony.
Cya Meanwhile
Kammerjunk: film just called kevin?
2Pizza <3
aha.
cya Meanwhile
2I like to make homemade pizza :3
Bye Meanwhile *crys*
Maybe i should get a pizza pocket.
Thats all im hungry for
I could never go bow hunting. Way too much patience required
Just one
2ohai SS
Ingwaz: Nope, "We Need to Talk About Kevin". It's a very artsy film, too. The bad, "ooh, so deep and meaningful" kind of artsy.
omg! i had vrony ststa open in another tab and didnt know then this started and i thought i was going insane
Hi..
Krakass: Patience is a virtue.
/me walks up to Trixie
2pizza pocketa FTW
What have you done to Meanwhile?
whats the matter Trixie
2pockets*
CreativePonyName: Happens to me countless time
whats this song?
Kammerjunk: hmmm are we talking o so deep kind of artsy like the paintings that make absolutely no sense but people claim they do?
Krakass: "He who is prudent and lies in wait for an enemy who is not, will be victorious." - Sun Tzu
Ingwaz: Basically.
Brb
/me Is missing Meanwhile already :'(
2Soital!
Yeah well where's Sun Tzu now?
/me pokes
/me pokes
12:3
2:3
He's kind of dead.
/me hugs Trixie he'll be back soon
Exactly
Show's how much he knows.
Kammerjunk: is it at least entertaining?
alexxm He wont
Krakass: ...At the age of 48.
Wait, so wrek actually creates this art?
how do you know that Trixie
Ingwaz: Not very. I almost fell asleep.
2I has DR PEPPER
Trixie built a timemachine thet accelrates time
2:D
Kammerjunk: definitely not watching that then
*build
Back
2wb
/me I just know :'(
sea pony lyra is cute
Thanks
05aye DrGNs
So, who here watches Red vs Blue?
2what type of Android do you have btw?
Umm
Eddmario what?
12DR PEPPER FTW
A Sidekick 4G
2nice
hi guys
Eddmario: the Halo animated stuff?
T-mobile
Eyup
2I need a 4G phone
iv never seen this
I do. pretty cool stuff
Well, probably already heard it before, but you're astounding!
14Soital
Wrek could you draw Lyra? :3
14what's the pass for lucario? :D
don't worry Trixie i'm sure he'll be back in a few hours
Apparently Elijah Wood himself is gonna be in season 10.
Invi: ditto
:(
hey thisguy hows your day been
Oh, wow. Sun Tzu actually DID say "If fighting is sure to result in victory, then you must fight".
Eddmario: rly? lol
4G my balls, thats just HSDPA >___<
Eyup. I'd link to proof, but we can't put youtube links in the chat while someone's streaming.
Frodo is reappearing?
Stupid US carriers
2I don't get 4G where I live, but there is 4G in a city near by
So Wrek is streaming again?
He's gonna be the VA for Sigma.
Eddmario: PM me?
ye wrek
feel really shity cuz i got a cold
2that I go to a lot
12what country are you again
2US
hope you feel better
music + painting.. who else.. :D
12@ viri :3
/me *sniffs*
2oh |D
H/H+ is not 4G, its 3.5G at best >;[
14Italy
12XD
12LUCAEUROGAMERIT
/me licks Trixie
Trixie: -hugs-
12Future referance
12http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/List_of_Pok%C3%A9mon_Global_Link_promotions
get well soon thisguy
12=>
what's up Trixie?
hope you feel better thisguy
thanks bro
/me :icks everypony
Trixie: -licks back-
lol
hey Onyxia: didnt see ya pop in!
/me *licks everypony
OH MY GOODNESS!
Trixie: -licks back-
14thanks :D
someone say Lucario? :D
What is this place, filled so oh so much licking?
by god im gana make that a song
/me does not acknowledge this lick
/me Licks Kammerjunk
you feeling any better Trixie
dat...thing
2so, who do most of you like more, Link or Mario?
um.. just came here.. didnt say hi tho.. sorry
/me throws a cape and a hat at Trixie.
/me a little
dis song is good
hey Onyxia hows your day been
all is good
/me licks Ninjazz
/me Hits Kammerjunk with cinderblock
ow
dat drawing
Wait a minute... Cinderblock?
Idk anymore
dis chat....
:)
/me wipes off lick residue
alexxm: power point work and hl2 pe2 again.. .. i finally got all achievements xD
you allright Ninjazz
Trixie: You've certainly learned from your husband.
Yes.
I am... fine. :|
ep2*
Indeed
-starts nomnoming on alexxm-
hows the work going Onyxia
2I've always liked Link the most XD
Kammerjunk she stole the Cinderblock of Meanwhile xD
hay mods why you no have a dat ass face icon?
sorry about the lick Ninjazz
XD I'm only with him for the cinderblocks
It's all good. :)
/me glomps everpony
05this song
05so much wub
Trixie: He would be devastated to hear that.
/me hugs That_British_Guy
jks
I have yet to find what glomps means
NOT ENUF WUB!
-starts nomnoming on alexxm-
But he is useful with those cinderblock's
alexxm: well its ready now. I had been working on it since yesterday
DrGNs: Tackle-hug, basically.
/me noms pyrocatboy back
/me wakes up after dozing off.
okay, got it now
hey Litwick hows your day been
why are you people eating eachother?
DrGNs: It's a term that originated in the anime and manga fandom.
Glomp is when a fangirl grabs someone
this song needs more cowbell
makes sense
-eats one of alexxm's pinkies-
You can fight like a Krogan, run like a lepard.
/me it grows back
-eats one of alexxm's hands-
/me tickles Trixie behind the ear whos a silly filly
also i downloaded this paint tool but wanna learn how to draw like that
/me it grows back
Onyxia: I'm fairly certain Wrek uses a tablet.
/me alexxm: ~squee "mei"
pyrocatboy alexxm seems to be amorph or regenerative. I'm not sure
guys im i and this is kinda gay...
bi*
-eats one of alexxm's arms up to the elbow-
Kammerjunk: dk but i have the exact same tool.. i think
/me it grows back
/me licks thisguy
Onyxia: I mean like a digitiser to draw on.
-eats one of alexxm's arms up to the shoulder-
/me hits pyrocatboy with cinderblock
/me it frows back
ah dk im nub xD
/me it grows back
D'OH -head gets smashed in-
thanks Trixie
so damn busy day today... ill have to go rly soon
whos drawing?
wrek is
/me heals pyrocatboy
:) I was taught by Meanwhile Cinderlocks all the way
trixie uses cinderblock on pyrocatboy. ITS SUPER EFFECTIVE
Onyxia me too
>< im getting that sad feeling again
heh :P
Damn, Wrek is drawing at quick pace.
-eats the cinderblock-
05inb4 shitstorm
bro you should't eat cinderblocks
trust me
2oh
if it's got frosting it's gotta be edible
2about what happened a week or so ago?
I'll grab a cinderblock... AND EAT IT!
Talk about shitting bricks.
WUB WUB WUB
14uhm
14where do I put the passwords? o.o
Yes... Yes. This is a fertile land, and we will thrive. We shall rule over all this land, and we shall call it... 'This Land'"
thisguy: Fuck you I'll eat all these cinderblocks!
If you eat all of those cinderblocks you're gonna shit bricks
the poor mixing table tries to tell us that it gets raped :(
2ah
you cant eat all thoes fuck cinderblocks
2.-.
Why can't I hold all these cinderblocks?
thisguy: Fuck you I'll eat all these cinderblocks!
2well try not to think about it
What are cinderblocks anyway?
hay hay hay dont go in my bunker
/me pets Trixie
Malavolent: http://images.wikia.com/virtualworlds/images/e/ed/Cinder_block_preview.png
Wow Pyrocatboy: You're crazy dude heh sneh
12you know on global link
12go to promotions
12click the event
12it'll ask you to type it in
/me thisguy: goes in bunker
Kammerjunk: Amazing.
just alot of porn
Wrek: You have Twi wallpaper?
Indeed.
2I always do something that gets my mind distracted with other things when I’m down
holy crap i sleept fro 24 hours
05only
sleep JRP2234
Well idk what i can do atm
/me Oh my gosh look at all this Porn!
I just have all this sadness and regret
*me finds Twi porn
good afternoon all :3
Good or bad porn?
Trixie: -wingboner- SWAG!
Trixie: Yes... Yes. This is a fertile land, and we will thrive. We shall rule over all this land, and we shall call it... 'This Land'"
Dken2021, welcome.
lol
Trixie wha?
SWAG
hey Deken2021 hows your day been
moin Dken2021
hey Dken2021 hows your day been
You kids with your pony porn. http://derpy.me/pron
BTW I am a girl
litterly ALLLLLL THE FUCKING PORN!
2Try art, playing a video game (a decent one), yard work, anything that could keep your mind from wondering
It's all good alexxm
05thisguy: oi, behave.
lol Krakass *-swag-*
sorry
I fear this topic may suddenly become out of hoof.
lol
12whut happened dood
asd
HIYA everypony
Bronysith, welcome.
aloha
allo Bronysith
hey Bronysith hows your day been
Krakass: you know you like the plot too
moin Bronysith
Bronysith Yes... Yes. This is a fertile land, and we will thrive. We shall rule over all this land, and we shall call it... 'This Land'"
-.-
is this land my land?
If I didn't like it I wouldn't like to it all the time. ;-)
hi everypony :)
ty Ninjazz Dken2021 alexxm Onyxia and Invi
i think alexxm is broken, somebody smack it
I baked you a pie
hi Rainbow--Dash
:D
moin Rainbow--Dash
lali-ho Rainbow--Dash
Hey RainbowTripleDash
hey Rainbow--Dash hows your day been
2Long story, had problems with his GF to sum it up
alexxm: -slaps upside the head- Stop saying that.
hilaw Rainbow--Dash
Rainbow--Dash: The most amazing pony has arr... oh wait, it's you, Dash.
welcome my good sir to bronystate (the people who were banded form /b/)
how come Ingwaz
ohai alexxm its been fine :)
hi RainbowDashDashDash
sorry pyrocatboy
Oh CloverMuffins XD
long time ago thisguy
12ah
:)
12sorry to hear dood
alexxm: itsok
Yeah
i know that feel bro
I really wish i could get hugs ;_;
13Feel free to PM me if you ever need to :3
12^~
14^
14:D
thisguy, do you know what banding is?
I dont want to sound mean but that pony has a feminine finger for a colt
figure*
/me hugs
2:3
/me slowly hugs back
ya i do bro
drawing an OC Wrek?
http://www.ehow.com/how_5511009_castrate-goats-banding.html
Rainbow--Dash: Hes a bishie pony.
oh :P
this sound like... ASP?
well i love wreks drawings :)
2I need to reinstall the driver on my wacom
oh god i ment like being kicked off a board
It reminds me of Harry "You're a Pony" Potter
At least the scarf
13I feel the urge to draw but I'm lacking ideas again
2keeps crashing
Whose stream is this?
:D
12jmm
12;3
Still Wrek?
it wrek :)
For some reason
Who else draws like that?
It's a Wrek
I just realized that "Re-Boot" is a lot like "Green Lantern".
Wrek draws amazingly
make hispter pony!
2AE, draw me :D
12JMM
Pinkies4thWall if you notice twilight in the background anywhere, you know it's Wrek
13Commission me and I'll consider it LOL
/me runs
needs raybands and v neck
How so, Randomnerd
12do my comissions ;3
Bronysith mainly because he has a tablet :)
/me runs
i know
One dude from a large organization uses a magic tool to fight a supervillain.
I remember the picture RJ drew for me a long long time ago
2but you said you wanted ideas D:<
13I WILL, when I feel like it ;3
Alright, that enough for me.
02Can I pay you with floof?
Gnight everypony
Take care and all that jazz
13I've got more than enough floof :P
night ninjazz
I mean, obviously, it's not a rip-off, just the same concept
good afternoon Ninjazz, take care
nighty Ninjazz :)
02I tried.jpg
Good night ninjazz :)
Bye, Ninjazz
14lol
12DRAW A COW
You all stay beautiful
Lots of stories have heroes with an item of great power.
12holy cow god
14well, I love AE's art style
/me stays beautifu;
2YES
12because people need to see the light of moo
Who has steam?
*beautiful
14maybe I'll commission you once I'm done with saving money for Finland x3
Seriously why is xbox live so dumb that you download a game and as soon as you launch it you have to patch it
yo 4walll i think your broken
Why isn't it prepatched?
12BUY SOME DR PEPPER PLZ
krakass because microsoft wants to be awesome XD
jk
karass... i dont know cuz the programers are lazy
lol
14I'm stupid
Orly, thisguy
14I can't still figure out where I should put the pass
14Dx
05no, its because xbox has a limited filesize for its games
and some men just want to watch the world load
05and to not go over that
05they addd patches afterwards
Wrek not to be rude but that colt has a female figure
SEXY COLT
waht rainbow said
Wrek: So it can't download games above a certain size, but it can patch it to a bigger size afterwards? That doesn't sound like a well thought out system either
05implying thats not the point
bbl. love you all :)
we've got a prep colt on the premise
02Well
05thats becasue it isnt
05its microsoft
02I played my daily quota of 12.3
c ya CloverMuffins
05but the problem doesnt lie with the devs
02now I'll play my daily quota of Taiko
13SOITAL
13http://i.imgur.com/3paXc.png
Wrek, well, someone in the development problem must have come up with the size limit, too
sup yall. Finals are over yay
13there be your Cow God >:/
02OH GOD
12WHAT IS THIS BEAUTY
microsoft *shakes fist*
12MY EYES
gratz StoryLine
StoryLine not for me :(
12MY HEART
/me Foreverrrr
How about I'm content on my Xbox, so we'll leave it at that?
so I just found something that makes sense about luna in the finale http://fav.me/d4xhpt6
Rainbow--Dash: Hes a bishie pony. The only thing missing is that he doesn't have bishie sparkles.
12HOLY MOTHER OF COW GOD
13;3
2COW GOD :D
12THIS WILL FEATURE AS COW GODS LOGO
Im going to miss new pony episodes :(
12FOREVER
12AMOOn.
or at least speculating it
yet
Have you seen the Xbox car
me to rainbow
13Amoon~
Besides, I'm number 56 out of 86,000 on my current game for the online leaderboards
The Legend of Korra will ease the pain
I have high expectations for Season 3 now
Rainbow--Dash, you already know that you won't be online in the fall?
Rainbow--Dash: ditto
Im going to turn my xbox360 into portable laptop :P
nice rainbow
RainbowAsh actually there wont be new episodes 'till fall :P
I have had Weird Beard stuck in my head literally since I woke up. Not complaining.
14Lucario is hiding somewhere
14*clicks to the only spot that's shining*
12Permission to use as DP for something ;3?
14YES! YOU FOUND HIM!
Rainbow--Dash, my point exactly.
14OMG!!!
13Go for it LOL
My mission this Summer is to be able to draw ponies and create awesome fan creations
Oh hi, SlurryMoon.
Meh
3hey hey :3
hiya SlurryMoon
Wrek is best Sexy voice person who is also an artist
ohai slurry :)
12MEH AT THE COW GOD?!
moin SlurryMoon
12brotha
Yello Slurry!
12you are unwell
12fff
hey Moon
hai SlurryMoon
Back with lunch.
12Ae, I imagine Hax's signs with your image
My headache also seems to be clearing up.
allo Litwick and SlurryMoon
Ohh can i haz sanvich litwick?
12;w;
:)
Litwick good job lol i hate those
Litwick: what for noms?
13LOL
13Haaaax
Oh my. Is this Braeburn I spot on the stream?
Stupid, sexy Braeburn...
i should be working on my book report but im watching ponys:$
Just a typical lonely guy lunch: McDonald's :)
2well, bbl
AAAAAAPLEOOSA
2studies hurr
:$
thats new :D
okay i needa leave
cya all
Our Bronies "Hey there" hang out to
bai Onyxia
Hellooo ^^ Bronyes!
Litwick: I usually eat a salad or some dark bread for lunch.
seeya Onyxia
12:3
Litwick can i have sandvich :)
allo Icy
14lol
hey Icy hows your day been
mooieeen Icy ^^
14why there's a limit for how much time I can play in the dreamworld? D:
Kammerjunk: You stole words strait outta mai mouth.
It's not a sandwhich I have.
It's chicken,
oh :P
Nice to see u all ^^
Y you eating a Scootaloo?
Hi icy :)
HES EATING SCOOTALO!
hai Icy
12because think about all the pokemon players in the world playing on dreamworld all in 1 go
pyrocatboy: What? About the lunch or about stupid, sexy Braeburn?
what everypony thought of Season Final ?!
This song is awesome.
Icy very good
Because Sweetie Belle is better than Scootaloo.
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10
thats what i think
i thought it was great Icy
I really liked it but I thought Trixie was behind it
Icy: It was completely awesome.
well, she seemed manipulative... the changeling bit scared me though
make me want to lisen to rammstein
Kammerjunk: It feels like I'm wearing nothing at all!
14omg x3
:D i just would wanted more Shininh armor
shining*
So this is not Braeburn. It's still looking fantastic already.
pyrocatboy: wat
Kammerjunk yah its a trans- you know :P
stupid flanders
Kammerjunk: Stupid, sexy
Peguses?
flanders? where?
pyrocatboy: Everypony's gay for Braeburn.
Kammerjunk: Stupid, sexy Braeburn
PEGASUSUSUS
Pinkie way of saying it
Oki doki Loki
Could be an OC?
Oh pinki :)
Kammerjunk: And everyones lesbian for Spitfire.
I ain't
14I feel bad that I dropped this game a year ago
14it's actually very good
song name?
I'm a guy, and I'm lesbian for Octavia.
why can't you be both?
swedish SPitfire
14but I can't stand a game with only the 5th gen <w<
pyrocatboy HOW YOU KNOW BETTER RUN
pyrocatboy: My obscene collection of Dashfire fanfics agrees.
OR BETTER YET FLYYYYYYYYYYY
gaem tiem nao
WildFire appearence on Final was so cool
what Kammerjunk
kammerjunk Dash x fire 0_0 WTF
02Lol wow
12after the elite 4 its all gens =)
Oh no, Here comes the shipping
Rainbow--Dash: Don't act like you don't know.
thisguy: -parties-
02#47 worldwide in a song without trying
13There's nothing much to do after E4
13;-;
02http://puu.sh/rrIO
13anyway, dinnerrrr
There is an old country song called Wildfire that is good to
wut
HEY GUYS LOOK AT THIS -_(\ FACEHOOF
/me runs at pyrocatboy with duct tape
:D
alexxm: What?
APPLE-DASH IS BEST SHIP!
what Kammerjunk
alexxm: -eats the duct tape-
thisguy apple-WHATS????
alexxm: I don't know, you said what.
05thisguy: behave.
Is there a Derpy is not ammused pic?
yes
I think :P
there is a pic of everything
There's a pony for that.
StoryLine http://derpy.me/GYOmK
Kammerjunk ikr
12well theres few things to do
Good morning everypony. :)
morning PinkiePry
Hi pinkiepry :D
moin PinkiePry
:)
you wrek is funky hair looks like cowboy hat
Hello PinkiePry:
hey PinkiePry hows your day been
Salve, PinkiePry.
Kammerjunk: Even prostitution?
pyrocatboy: ohgodwhat
not anymore
Just found that drawing RJ made for me a long time ago
12but yeah shortest pokemon main game ever
12=o
12rj?
Oh hey, this is looking suspiciously like your OC.
RedJolten
...Am I being a slowpoke again?
Thanks. Now to use it to learn how to draw dem ponies
Kammerjunk: Hooker pony is best pony.
12I remember the name
ohlunawhat
Yeah
pyrocatboy whats with you
pyrocatboy a pony with hooks?
Rainbow--Dash i perfer calling it even derpy is ashamed of you
Dken2021: Good Goddesses, thank you.
She hasnt been here in over a year
alexxm? what? but derpy is my best freind D:
12whut seriously?
:o
12where she's gone
Kammerjunk: -_- Its a joke.
would be better with top hat
Shes on skype often...havent said hi to her in forever tho
pyrocatboy: Yeah?
i didn't mean you spefically Rainbow--Dash just the title of the picture
But she drew me this http://pro.charex.net/main/pictures/PR_153.png
oh :P
Derpy is like "dude What the flank?"
sorry Rainbow--Dash
StoryLine taht makes no sence at all
thats like saying "WHAT THE @$$"
the pic
Am I the only person to see the HUGE plot error in the show?
is your background sexy twilight?
12o.o
12thats pretty cool
That pic kinda shows how ive been feeling for awhile
what is it ctcb
thisguy acctualy his background changes :P
can't use the proper f word in chat
thats cool
/me I like having hurt, so send the pain below where I need it
StoryLine: Fire?
alexxm: Season 2, Episode 26… A huge error...
Part of the script doesn't make sense...
ello
what error would that be?
ctcb: Do elaborate.
ctcb ikr XD
what part?
ello Gun_Dealer_Xephos
GUYS I KNOW TOO
not just fire SpitFire
hey Gun_Dealer_Xephos hows your day been
gud
I have a feeling they could have done a better introduction with Chrysalis
Rainbow--Dash, ctcb, are you going to fill the rest of us in, too, please?
and dead
So yeah
QueenChrysalis: Season 2 episode 1, Celestia clearly states only her horn and magic can open the vault containing the elements, In episode 26, she asks the mane6 to go get the elements of harmony on their own without her...
RainbowAsh: ^^
iif rainbow dash makes sonic rainboom at the bigest wedin in canterlot how do the wonderbolts not find her as a good flyer?
ohh I never thought of that..
but I thought twilight kept the elements in her book?
ctcb: Weren't they getting married in the throne room, where the Elements were kept in the beginning of S2?
The way I see it, they were moved afterwards.
If she's the only one to do a sonic rainboom is more of a confusing reason why she is not yet a wonderbol
12it'll definately get better, probably won't feel like it will now but trust yourself =)
EVERYPONY The plot error is that if they made a changeling defence sheild then how could she get in? dont say its because she took someones form because that would imply that every cahngling could get in easilly...
discord did that QueenChrysalis
Kammerjunk: They went back to the same room used in S2E1
Rainbow--Dash: She was already there.
ctcb: After discord had been able to steal the elements easily in episode 1 it seems reasonable to assume that the security measures have been overhauled since then. At that point Twilight or all of the mane6 might have gotten access to the elements as well.
perhaps she got in before they found out Rainbow--Dash
Rainbow--Dash: Maybe she was there before the sheild was placed
ctcb: They didn't actually get the Elements, though, did they?
Nope
Didn't Cadence do it?
no
They dont use elements at all
Well, her and Shining Armor. With the power of LOVE.
Love was the victor I guess
Kammerjunk: No, they were stopped before they could...
I hope so
Drat! I've been beaten by the pwoer of looooooooove!
Kammerjunk actually they just touched horns she dispenced her magic into his magic acctualy had nothing to do with it XD
love*
love ahd nothing to do with it XD
Rainbow--Dash: "My love will give you strength."
Kammerjunk she just wanted a good quote XD
I found it interesting that they never actually say in the episode that Cadance is celestia's niece
Rainbow--Dash: But then that means energy transfer is possible through magic. This is excellent!
So is Wrek just drawing random stuff now?
I can use that so much!
Kammerjunk EYUP
If was love that powered Chrysalis in the first part, and what he regained back was Candece's which was just as strong or even stronger than Shining armor's
*it
Moral: Screw the rules, I have love.
DrGNs no they just used cadences power as her being a princess combining with shinings low amount of power created the shield again love had nothing to do with it
And atm...ive lost alot of trust in myself
Also, "I told her she wouldn't just be getting a husband. She'd be getting a pretty good sister, too." That totally sounds like a loving relationship.
If Candece had enough power already wouldn't she be able to stop Chrysalis at the beginning of her escape?
I havent able to much at all really
Dken2021: shizuka posted that in mane chat earlier
DrGNs: If energy transfer is indeed possible, she pooled her energy with Shining Armor.
05dat Cutie Mark
Ive had like no inspiration for anything
Cadence can only spread love
I can barely think of a song to make..
Then again
ah, I take it some took it well?
Wrek: That is indeed a fine cutie mark.
13ping
I dont really have any creativity with my music
neat cutiemark
That's right, isn't Cadence's power and magic "love" ?
yes
allo shizu
She spread that love but that's not an offensive magic
The very same thing SA had lost.
Bingo
DrGNs She didnt but shining did the combined power of cadence AND shinings low power was enough power to create the sheild the shining alone originally could create it cadences power is more so then cadence just helped him perform the spell transfering her energy to his horn her power is "love" thats why she said "my love will save us"
Im not really creative at all honestly
pong
Perhaps we're a bit to literal about "Love"?
The only thing im remotely good at is just hosting a show with music..thats it.
Randomnerd: You can never be too literal.
Maybe Chrysalis was eating his Elan Vital.
Ok, I'm out. C y'all later
Bye, Invi
We're talking about the power of love on cartoon ponies at a royal wedding 0_0
05heck that CM would make a neat tattoo
love (noun): An intense feeling of deep affection: "their love for their country".
love (verb): Feel a deep romantic or sexual attachment to (somepony): "do you love me?".
12dood don't let anyone make you feel like this
/me hugs Randomnerd
DrGNs: Yes, we're obsessive, I'll not deny it.
thanks for streaming Wrek ^^
Wrek i thought cuty marks were just tattoos on their buts *antibrony*
XD
/me hugs Invi back
12its probs hard to see with your mindset now but you have something dood
12=>
lol
Prinny dood
DrGNs, if that surprises you, you must be new ;)
12^ :3
Brb
not really just being stupid :P
Etnaaa
DrGNs: This is Equestria. Love = I HAVE THE POWER!
14lol
12Laaharl
Love is the Seventh Element?
14I never did anything good until a few time ago
Kammerjunk LOVE DID NOTHING D: EXCEPT HELP THE EVIL ONE
XD
Raspberylll
14and I still don't
14:D
RainbowAsh, I've been a brony for awhile, but after a period of time it becoming a natural thing This may be a thing noticing after XD
hey Randomnerd hows your day been
Hey alexxm
Im preparing for a ping
Rainbow--Dash: That's because she feeds off of it. If Cadence's cutie mark is about love, it certainly helped in the end.
Brb
time for me to depart for now
Wait
!pokemon
Skydroid, you are a 12Teddiursa.
alll this talk of power of love, confusnig @_@
I am liking this colt.
Kammerjunk so cadence is a changling that cant change form XD
Love is stronger than deception, that's sure.
If Cadence's power is love, why did Crysalis settle for shining armor and didn't feed of her directly?
Who is streaming?
Rainbow--Dash: Except she doesn't feed off of it, she gives it.
Chrysalis Still needs to weaken the force field.
RainbowAsh: Because she's the villain. She's legally bound to make stupid decisions.
2Hai Skylands
XD
lol
Kammerjunk, oh, all right, didn't consider that.
Kammerjunk i follow you on that one
Eating Cadance's love may not have fed her, but that doesn't break the shield.
Can somepony tell me hooves streaming?
>hooves streaming
o u
:$
Had Chrysalis worked over SA long enough, the shield would have collapsed on its own.
Anyhow, it's Wrek.
Okai
Thanks
Back
Bitte.
14wb
PinkiePry that was so punny my cheese melted
Thank
TS may have forced her to rush it and have her army start attacking the shield.
+s
Dken2021 :$
... i'm not sure if that means anything
Dken2021: Yeah, me neither.
12these Nurses are almost as bad as Pyramid Head x.o
?
12Silent Hill 2
Cadence's power is controlled of her emotions of love, if she does not have pure love inside her, I'm not sure her magic would carry as much power, Through the series they show that all emotions carry on true power. So with Cadences magic having to be powered by her own love, That's what had to drive out all anti-forces opposing the stronger force that overpowers it's strength
What is it with songs and walls?
I am totally remembering everything here and using it.
Eh
Sigh...cooking today for this class period
Oh, flash crashes. You are so random.
Flash*
I just realized in equestria you can be naked and no one will say a thing as horses are always naked
Cadence creates love, sure, but in theory, her love for SA is as strong has his love for her.
SH2, oh god
12my first time playing through
Demonpony: Uh, beg'yr pard'n, but we don't normally wear clothes.
12no guides or anything
12and it's kicking my tail
Exactly :D
I want my own copy
HI GURLS!
So Chrysalis has to choose one, she might as well brainwash the Pony who is the cornerstone of Canterlot's Defense Policy.
At the same time I don't
Though controlling Cadence would provide her with victims by the score.
Anyone hopping the dopple gangers come back in Season 3? Or osme kind of dark lord
The game is scary sh*t
Demonpony: Oh, hell yeah.
discord
I LOVE this unapologetic evil.
Eh not discord I was thinking more evil
*hums toot toot sonic warrior*
ewww silent pils
like a legit dark knight with dark powers :D
:P
No more of this Draco in Leather Pants garbage.
yes but this time discord would know wtf to do with his powers
/me muzzles Hyper
12oh hush you
If I was with discord I'd show him what true chaos is none of that silly soap roads and pink clouds
XD
at least for sure, It's know that Discord will reappear in something of season 3
12and agreed, Sky
I'd show true horros :3
*known
2How are you today Skylands?
12it's terrifying .-.
Chrysalis is EVIL. She's hollowing out an upstanding soldier so her army can conquer an entire Kingdom, starting with its capital.
anypony knows something about S3?
2and yes, SH2 is scary ._.
RDashie: "Sweet Myster of Life", my friend.
No one knows season 3 RDashie only except it's confirmed
:(
If I don't know any information then no one does
Ive never played the SH series
why? who are u?
14I'd like to play more horror games
Brb
I'm someone who has secret sorces ;3
14but I'm a...how I can say without being rude...mmmmm...
sources*
ooohhhh
:D
12OMG STAY DOWN
John said he did more voice recording for discord 3 - 2 months ago
/me whews
14let's just say I'm easily scared by those xD
RDashie, it will only have 13 episode McCarthy is going to be in charge and Polsky is going to come back for it probably.
/me has just arrived...and is wondering what srawing this is now
14when I played RE4, I was always like "OHGODOHGODNONONONONONO"
drawing*
14and when there was too much silence, I always shot somewhere to hear sound
only 13 ? :(
I'm a go to CA
12XD
have fun everypony :3
12well
12that was scary
bye
12I enter a room...
Bai Demonpony
12...and there's a Nurse with a pipe 3ft away
Bye DashWithRainbows
Demonpony, rather.
ok im going too.... keep tight ponies :P
RDashie, yes, there have been a few sources for s3 being shorter
Sorry DashWith
wait, so the seasons are going to be shortened down to 12- 13 episodes????
Bai RDashie
Bye, RDashie
nye
bye*
XD
13 episodes?! :O
DrGNs, well, we have no idea about any seasons after s3, so it's anyone's guess.
D:
/me falls to his knees "NOOOOOOOOOO!"
13 known made, there might be some later on
DrGNs, but since MLP is the hub's strongest horse in the stable so to speak, who knows, maybe there is a movie in the works
08,01Dash. Pinkie takes you do a gay bar. Pinkie takes you to a gay bar.
RainbowAsh: I c wut u did thar.
"6 seasons and a movie."
12it's the equivalent of turning around a corner in L4D right into a Charger
Oh jesus :D
http://img834.imageshack.us/i/img20120425125811.jpg/ what am i holding? BONUS: why am i wearing a glove to hold it?
(Community HAS made references to Ponies. "Abed, the Emotionally Unavailable Unicorn"
good afternoon, all.
Hey WallMaster
I don't see the show with any problems, There's no large complaints from audience, has massive viewings, probably even receives generous donations, It'd seem like a huge thing to fall back away from all that success this early?
because it's hot?
dken2021: is pure lead
its
Wow!
so...many...ponies...EVERYWHERE!
Yeah, you might wanna wear gloves whilst handling that.
indeed
Oh my, so many "JOIN THE REA" fanarts
What's the "REA"?
Era?
EPA?
Royal Equestrian Army?
Is this like the Lunar Empire thing?
I think there's no Regiment other than the Royal Guards.
Canonically.
Indeed, Dken2021
Woah, so much love for Chrysalis!!!
My headcanon says Equestria has a navy of Airships, you never see them because it's small and always flying.
all in a few days too
I've got it!!!! Ponies, IN SPACE for new episodes!
...
maybe....
..
DrGNs yes yes yes yYES YES YES YES YES YES YES YEPS YES YES EYS
DrGNs: I'm looking forward to Globe-Trotting.
Mobile Suit Ponies. I'll pass, kthx.
:d
I think they'll go to Zecora's Homeland.
how about a bucking portal to equastria
I'm still looking for that damn portal.
lol
maybe we just need to think about it really really hard
and than it will apper
If I weren't skeptical, I'd attempt lucid dreaming and actually dream of ponies.
Sup bros
The ponies will travel across the galaxy and universe
or maybe the portal to equestria is in.... our hearts?
nope
its right over there
Dken2021: Mmm... nah.
WHERE?
/me points to portal to equestria
oh well, so much for trying
lol
/me goes through portal
wait for me
im back i was gone for 30 years how long was i gone
Hurry someone bring out my heart and get that PORTAL!!!
30 sec?
huh
Where you someone's Little Bronysith?
it was 30 years
yes
did you met fluttershy?
i was wearing a black cloak and had saphire fur with black and white mane
yes she was nice Triple
DAMIT
i mean
buck
NO i want to do it!
What'd I'd do to go to sugar cube corner
Queen Chrysalis kidnapped Princess Cadence, assumed her form and tried to marry Shining Armor to further her goal of invading and draining all the love from Equestria. The fandom's immediate reaction? Adorable fanart. -TvTropes
OMG THEY HAD THE MMMMMM IT WAS AWESOME
lol
one bite and i passed out from the awesomness
..
guys should I buy this t shirt for me? http://derpy.me/ij7Pc
i stayed with twilight sparkle at her library
the books were very great
Do it, anon.
go for it, it's your money
back, dam i hate to shop for food takes to long :)
ok thanks :D
did you apple buck with applejack?
Bronysith
yes
?
time for ponys
DAMIT
I suspect Applejack will have a singing solo in season 3. "Ingram... currently lists... Applejack as his favorite character." source: http://derpy.me/okwXM For a long time after the Gala, it was Rainbow Dash.
yes i did Triple
welcome back fops
easy when u have the force
Wasn't that some kind of spoiler?:s
did you...
Triple wat
race with rainbow dash?
Triple i was a unicorn not a pegasus
oh.
so did you help rairty?
Triple she made my outfit
GOD
in exchange for finding gems
lol
30 years O_O
what was your cutie mark like?
a lightsaber
why is that your special talant?
lightsaber combat
I'm back.
lol.
Sigh hate this class
02*WB03(Rukario03)02WB* - <Umbreon> there really isn't anything hard about DOS <Umbreon> except making it do something useful
As am I
My brother bought Dominion the board game
god i wish for a portal damit
wait whats that
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG
and yes the CMC got their cutie marks
brb
back
wb
37 years..
wow.
O_O
i know it was great right
i saw fluttershy and passed out
Cobellanez: That game is awesome.
she asked me if i was ok
and than in just 1 sec
i passed out again
12but you're on here during class
My CM would be a stack of books.
12qwhich is something I could never do
12;3
12also silent hill ftw
But I'm definitely not a Unicorn.
My CM would be absolutely nothing.
I have no talents.
I'm not that bright.
XD
mine will be a keyboerd and a mouse
howdy, everypony! :)
lol
Hi Sylandest.
howdy
Hey Slyandest
Salve, Sylandest.
Randomnerd, no worries. RD is an egghead, too. ;p
lol Soital
Kammerjunk: You're good at putting yourself down
Triple: Me as well.
i got more DOS worksheets
i'll do them later :P
Randomnerd: Well, what would the cutie mark of someone who degrades himself even look like?
You've got a CM, you just haven't found it.
mm that was nice curry
Triple did u see the CMC cutie marks
yes.
There wouldn't be one -they'd be convinced they'd never get one
just kidding i was there for just like a week.
D:
i was there for 30 years i should know
where?
equastria.
eeeyup
it was great
If I had to guess, though, I'd say an open book. One, I have over 700 books and two, I have nothing to hide.
You lucky Bastard!
lol, I'm such a weirdo. "You'll find your Cutie Mark, someday!" ...you're 15, Kammerjunk, you've got plenty of potential.
i was a gray pegsus with a black mane
boy it was great to be with fluttershy
-bites one of Triple's ears off-
I dont has a cutie mark cus I is not a poni.
why you did that?
ehm thats what we call fun :3
If I was a pony, I'd probably be a unicorn. It just makes most sense to me
<--- earth pony over here
O_O
Triple: Because I felt like it.
i was a unicorn when i visited equestria
lol
I'm probably a Donkey.
lets all join in a big brohoof and maybe we will be at equastria
*brohoof*
i think im going back to equestria
ok, hating audacity now, seems to have a mind of it's own
*brohoof*
/me enters portal
nothing happened :l
XD
I don't harvest the land and I'm afraid I'd burn down the kitchen if I tried to cook anything. I don't feel the need for speed and while flight would be nice, it's not something I long for.
:|
bronysith?
im back
how long
?
60 years
hahaha
wtf?
yea there was a 30 year war
wtf you did there for 60 years
with the miasma
XDDDDDDDDD
and 30 years of recovery
so it means the mane 6 arent alive?
no they are
huh..?
/me is confused
I don't doubt you could be there for 60 years. Most people assume that time is a strict progression of cause to affect.
But in reality, it's more like a big bowl of wibbly wobbly timey wimey... stuff.
JOIN IN A BIG BRO HOOF AND WE WILL BE IN EQUASTRIA
*brohoof*
03=.=
Kammerjunk: dat doctor reference
brohoof
03do I want to stay up?
*brohoof*
;~; I MISS SuperBrony64|Zzz
That sentence started well
:c -cri-
only 3 did a brohoof
/me brohoofs Triple's face with a frying pan.
XD??!@#??#
/me ponyshrug
ouchies
It's what I had lying around.
dat pan
:D
ok back to equestria
:>
/me enters portal
no!
Uh, guys. Was that statue there before?
damit
so who's pony is getting drawn by wrek today?
02Prolly not.
Midnight_Tempest: Stupid, sexy OC.
What you mean that totally not a bad guy statue? Yeah, always been there.
anyone elive?
alive even
Or Soarin'. Haven't looked at the stream in 13 minutes.
<3 dari :3
Kammerjunk: ok, but who's OC... thats what i want to know
/me summons Matt Smith
02Viri> when I played RE4, I was always like "OHGODOHGODNONONONONONO" <- Mr. Sunshine says hai
Tarku NO!
Tarku, how could you?!
03also wtf, Adobe CS6 already?
who? or should I ask?
Tarku: Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
He doesn't exist.
:<
/me summons cm punk
02Aka: Dr. Salvador
Hey Radu. :)
/me then banishes him with Thor's hammer
one does not simply summon that which will no be named
02Aka: Guy with chainsaw that scares the CRAP out of everyone
/me throws a tea keddle full of explosives at Matt Smith.
xD
03you scared him, good job
Actually, tea sounds pretty good right now.
BRB.
05hey dari
alexxm: counterspell, gift basket of liquor.
05didjaa see the twi i drew? :3
DARI YOU MOTHERF-
and im back from equestria
why would you do that WallMaster
how was it Bronysith
alexxm great
Why did someone call you douchebag?o_o
Wrek: Was Twi holding two glasses?
05yes
/me releses dogs into chat
05radu: i called him
Oh
Then yes. :> It was awesome
02her*?
alexxm: -gets legs torn to pieces-
03Viri is a guy
02Oh, derp.
/me heals pyrocatboy s legs
Dari, which is your favourite pony? :3
My favourite pony is best pony
/me licks Bronysith
Someone here should know who that is.
Indeed xD
:P
:O
I dont, because I've never seen you before today.
/me slices off alexxm s tongue with his lightsaber
"Someone" who?:P
why would you do that Bronysith
/me reattachs alexxm s tongue
There! He fixed it!
sorry about the licking Bronysith
np alexxm its sith reflexes
-licks alexxm-
your legs healed up pyrocatboy
ohai everypony
hey Kim hows your day been
-licks alexxm-
/me licks pyrocatboy
dari x Rainbow (text) Dash...
It's been good, thanks.
Someone make a fic.
/me is bad to the bone.
BUCK THE HAY YES!
I love you all <3
Hey DWR! :D
b-b-b-b-bad
Good thanks, you?
b-b-b-b-bad
Uhhh...Doin good.
what happened DashWithRainbows
Also, anyone seen this? My mind was blown all over the room when I got it to work: http://i.imgur.com/Jfira.jpg
alexxm What do you mean?
Found the star
05does that burgundy go well with the coat tone?
Hmm, might do
Wrek: it looks very sexual.
never thought of that, dari.
It's pretty damn cool
He needs a top hat.
Sigh
Dang Wrek, dat cutie mark...
And a monicle
And a cane
hi!
hai glennglog22
Squinting eyes is bad.
hai
Hello glennglog22
I found the wrong kanji.
people makes fun of that kid on that server http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=71fhavWZeGE&lc=HfLW_AdtcAPbm9H6e4Nlui22WpKReuowIZtf9FBvfcs&feature=inbox (witch is me :'()
Oh gawd...
i know
...
its emberrisng
It is.
kinda brave of you to share it with us
/me is grooving with this awesome music while he works
Also, after browsing /b/ a while, I learnt something: Never trust 9gag.
people these days on the gaming webs are SOOOO mean
It's the internet, get over it
^
Indeed
glennglog22: where have you been in the past decade?
actually, longer.
what are you talking about?
03But now Newell is directly involved with work on the Linux client, says Larabel, and as proof, he offers the picture up top (among others)  a shot of Newells desk setup, running zombie-shooter Left 4 Dead 2 natively on Ubuntu 11.10 with AMD Catalyst Linux drivers. Larabel says Valve is dedicating most of its Linux development time to L4D2 because of the games stable code base.
03LOL
love and tolerance
spread it
glennglog22: They're Stop Having Fun Guys, deal with it.
ah
When joining ANY game server, expect trash talk. it's one of the laws of the internet.
^
mute button is your friend
LonelyPony: Even Scrabble?
My time is drawing thinner. I'm just a tired old sinner.
LonelyPony: learnt this the hard way q.q
darnit
what's the difference between reward and award again? XD
/me bursts into flames and walks into everything flammable.
pyrocatboy: Scrabble is the WORST... *shudders*
isn't a reward something you get in exchange for a deed
05Kammerjunk: MoS <3
/me is ignited by Midnight_Tempest's fire
03yes
like finding a lost puppy and an award is just like gah...
Wrek: Indeed.
HEY GUYSS
03award is like getting first place in a race
03or something
allo happy
okay
howdy happy
Seriously, MoS is astonishing.
Oh hai happy
hai happy
had to make sure i got those two understood correctly
XD
Hey happy
Salve, happy.
also welcome to you too OmegaMetroidBrony
hi happy.
as i was writing in my essay
SEETHER! -sqee-
what all yall doin?
14drf
Ita, et OmegaMetroidBrony.
"In addition to humor, Yankovic has influenced many people and celebrities with how kind he is. Most music groups usually feel pleased when Yankovic decides to parody one of their songs; it’s like getting an award. "\
:D
happy listening to flashygoodness <3
14my coworker yesterday said, to his boss who wanted to rip his music from his CDs
happy: Chatting in IRC.
award is something you're given - reward is something you get in return for something.
i got to reword some of that
Cool drawing
14"WELL JUST DOWNLOAD THEM FROM YOUTUBE, THE QUALITY IS THE SAME LOL"
yes
that was what i was saying
yes.
14next time I should slap her or not? D:
doing nothing
03totall
03y
Cobellanez: Technically, you are.
I love technicalities.
time for me to cheat drf XD
Yeah, that is what I'm doing "nothing"
the teacher says not to use wikipedia as a research source
but i do
Kammerjunk: Don't we all?
i just dig deeper and cite the source that wikipedia cited
XD
03yeah
03we all do that
/me 06is watching 03»» 07A.Night.At.The.Roxbury.HDTV.1998.720p.x264.DD51.HDL.mkv 03«» 0200:01:56/01:21:55 [020303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 02~871.32KB/s (4.08GB) 03«» 02MPClassic 03««
14I don't trust Wikipedia too much
i do
14I'd rather use specialized websites
good afternoon ya'll
I'm working on a communication's theory essay. wish me luck! lol
afternoon semc
hey wrex
howdy, semc!
pyrocatboy: What? Chat in IRC or technically do something?
the thing most people forget
is that wikipedia is bigger than it used to be
a theory on communication? neat
i sure am happy that i found this website :D
14yeah
they have a ton of staff now that verify the credibility of certain sources
14the .en one
Salve, semc!
i'll watch this for the next few minutes until I have to go leave for a test
14the .it one is full of false informations and trolls :(
but its really cool to see wrex drawing alfred
Kammerjunk: Technicalities
Dken2021: It's Leader-Member Exchange Theory.
pyrocatboy: Ah! Certe!
ah I see
Dken2021: the only trouble with it is staying focused and trying to get it all down...its due tomorrow, lol
better get on it then lol
korn yayyy
I am! lol. 2 and a half pages already
14drf
14http://i.imgur.com/9zJsW.jpg
05havent lsitened to korn in ages
14:D
03why would you want folders on a 3DS o_O
glennglog22, the nicest thing i could say is.. lurk moar.
03I'd rather write something about how flash carts are awesome
14because I have like 50 icons
if anyone wonders what song this is its evouluitoin by korn
you rock, yoohoo:[
and RM scored.
14and no idea how to manage them
03line them up?
14but in what order? D:
14at least with folder they are good and clear
03whatever order you want
how you doing wrex
02Viri
i barely f
sry
02Do you have Kid Icarus: Uprising?
14no :(
14I have just one game for now, and I must wait a few months before getting another one
ummm is anypony here?
what's up cccp
-crickets-
14saving for a travel somewhere ^^;
ohai semc
howdy CCCP
hello Sylandest
slipknot yaaa
ohai CCCP
allo CCCP
hi CCCP.
hey Jim and Dken2021|Metal_Max!
why hi there WallMaster
Ooh la la, Alter Bridge.:)
03LOL BUYING GAMES
14you buy 3DS games too o.o
:) so cccp whatcha doing today
nothing really semc, u?
getting ready for class and test
SUP!
ohai Hazard
good luck, semc! what do you have?
hi Hazard.
a lot of work to do today to prep for finals starting friday
hai
semc: that sucks
i know
CCCP: :(
03becaus eI have to
03if the system has been hacked I don;'t
:'(
why are u sad Hazard ?
/me hugs Hazard
Hey everyone, how's the drawing co... SO FABULOUS!
hey Hazard what you been up to
brb
hi Malavolent
*takes out M4A1*
CCCP: my PS3 doesnt work with AV cables so i cant play on any TVs up here until its fixed
hey Malavolent hows your day been
hai Malavolent
/me hugs Hazard
Hazard: aww that sucks D:
and all i have is an HDMI cord :(
NIGGERRRRRRRRRRRRRRSSSSSSS :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
I CANT PLAY ON AN OLD TV WITH AN HDMI CABLE :'(
*gives M4A1 to hazard*
tequila la la > whisky a go go
oh boy, here we go
is that a touch or racism I spy?
of^
alexxm: Better than expected, thanks for asking.
Hiho people
Because old TV's don't have HDMI inputs?
hey RankWinner hows your day bene
has anyone ever had this problem with ur PS3? the Audio works but the picutre stays black :(
*been*
disturbed
hai RankWinner
Good, it's time to eat birthday cake!
i haven't Hazard
Just beat the Space Kraken. SO MUCH FUN.
hai
Many police cars going making noise
happy birthday RankWinner
im gonna go and check a few things
cya
cya Hazard
=D Thanks alexxm
RankWinner: OMG ITS YOUR BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!!?
Bye Hazzard
Aye it is :)
what did you get RankWinner
yay disturbed ~
HAF X case, 120GB SSD and a Xonar DG sound card + 6 books
RankWinner: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JV3Ocus9SMo
Oh and a 1TB storage drive
xD Now it's time for cake, I'll be back as long as I can move afterwards
Good afternoon everypony!! :)
14y u no support companies :(
hi RaveBrony
what is it RaveBrony
good afternoon, RaveBrony.
hey RaveBrony hows your day been
02But oh well.
/me waves to CCCP, alexxm, and WallMaster :)
._.
Pretty tough actually....lol
hai RaveBrony
Why did my client open to tst servers
Random
Hiya Jim :)
Sigh oh well
:)
Ooh, is daribot working again?
dat wallpaper
how come RaveBrony
http://hai2u.com
I bought Fallout New Vegas today!
'sup guys
/me sighs
Dat streaming stream.
ok
why would you post that
Memme: How far are you in it or have you not played it yey ? :S
hai2u.com
hello again
alexxm: cause its a troll
:DDDDDDDDDDDDD
INB4 Black_Twilight_Spark gets the ban.
Dat FO:NV
NIGGERS
hey Flutters what you been up to
>2012
>Trolling bronies
ALL OF THEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Stream keeps freezing,
LonelyPony: Not so far. Just randomly running around.
THEYRE COMING FOR ME!!!!
05perfect fit
lol
That's what she said
but… I'm black :'(
Maybe because of the streamception.
Memme: Stick with it and it gets very fun ^.^
alexxm: Ive got a huge cut in my mouth, i over did it at the gym yesterday so my arms and chest hurt, my foot is hurt likea Bitch for some reason, and I got hit in the eye with a frisbee :D
Pony Racism!
LonelyPony: I hope so!
http://derpy.me/6v2bO
RaveBrony: good lord
busy converting some useless videos to then find out that they won't copy to the usb stick I was meant to put them on
hope it goes better for you tormorow then RaveBrony
ouch RaveBrony :o
thanks CCCP
It already is alexxm :)
good to hear RaveBrony
Mips is being a pile of sticks again.
CrimsonFoxx: :)
Phoenix
I ain't no fox
Meh, so it was a pretty rough day :D
should I be awake for this?
only 5 min in Skyward Sword and I'm already confused :P
whats the picture CCCP for some reason my compeutor doesn't like deaviant art
OmegaMetroidBrony: really?
Hello :3
just explore
Flutters: Ehehe, no, but while you are, could you hold your ribcage open?
Is it just me or is the stream dead?
The controls mostly
you'll end up in the right track eventually
Woop, there it is.
I don't play the Wii much
you'll get used to it
yey i love fallout <3
alexxm: its just some wallpaper of Chrysalis or how ever u spell her name
*opens it*
I used to play it more when I had Prime 3
That's right CCCP
CCCP that is the correct spelling
Now where did Archimedes go?
It worked fine for Twilight Princess, it should be fine for that game
yay!
i only got the wii for smash bros
fallout 2 is best :)
*le gasp*
the plot thickens
I loved new vegas, The only thing I found dissapointing was the strip... *le sigh* :(
I have not played brawl in years...
I need to do something with my Wii.
Heya guys
Scouts spread east: "BONK BONK BONK!"
OmegaMetroidBrony: get brawl
howdy Trixie
hai Trixie
hey Trixie what you been up to
hi Trixie.
It doesn't reade Prime Trilogy, The Other M, and Braw; :'(
softmod it using brawl and an SD card
read
oh
that problem
and Meanwhile isnt here. bah.
OmegaMetroidBrony: havr you checked the discs?
*have
Yeah
I remember last year there was a guy who brought a modded Wii to a fur con with a hacked copy of Brawl with more stages and characters.
I heard the Originals do such things
Why doies stream hate me sao?
Nintendo still replace fix that problem for free
It does seem rather laggy
Hello All :)
/me has an Original Wii
check the site
hai That_British_Guy
OmegaMetroidBrony: I have an original, no problems on mine...hmm...
oh hai That_British_Guy
/me pets Trixie
Why does stream freeze every FIVE SECONDS. Mips!
hi That_British_Guy.
Hmm
It hates everyone Litwick :/
howdy That_British_Guy
Anybody here able to give me some good dance tips
Dan VS Mips.
is Wrek playing this on hardcore? cause that would be badass
hai
i like mips
hey That_British_Guy what you been up to
hi That_British_Guy
OmegaMetroidBrony: How long have you had your wii?
http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2wmk0oUVe1r3xauuo1_1280.png
several years
Pretty much since it came out
Anypony here a good dancer
I actually have no idea where my Wii is right now
I'm not
If you say you like Mips, you must have the patience of a saint.
it's the duallayer issue
the end
I can dance alright.
Derpy is realted to Chrysalis
The game was rigged from the start.
/me cant dance.
it's been big when brawl came out
OmegaMetroidBrony: Same here...perhaps you can bring it to a repair shop, have them check the inside?
I want friday to come
I am trying to learn to shuffle -.-
Hmm.. not a bad Idea...
Hey Pinkies4thWall|XBOX
OmegaMetroidBrony: go look up the nintendo site for that problem
/me hugs CCCP
ohai Pinkies4thWall|XBOX
I found this bit really creepy o.O
that cutscene was good
OmegaMetroidBrony: From what it sounds like, its not the discs, but an internal problem.
:)
I am attempting the running man ut my back foot always seems to have a lifted heel -.- Help me
Yeah thats what I heard as well.
My name is *buffering circle*
Name should be Twilight Sparkle
My name is Inigo Montoya
my name is mr bean
Bengal Hairybasements. Thats my name.
SmellyBumFace.
darni
t
KIKES
what the heck is that word weird al is using
Roll Fizzlebeef!
in that one interview
FUCK IT
CHINKS
NIGGERS
senior coqonface
Bilbo Baggins
sylandest "you killed my father prepare to die
Trunk Slamchest
HABIBS
BEANERS
Trixie: Yes! Ty!
/me yawns.
homage?
:)
Bengal Hairybasements
Toby Turner
Woden Toster.
Hi bronystate.
hai FillyFlam
Playin' New Vegas?
Trixie: was waiting for someone to get it or pick up on it...was scared, lol
hai
His name is Buffer.
hi FillyFlam.
hey FillyFlam hows your day been
Heya FillyFlam :)
dat McLargeHuge
XD McLargeHuge
:) was talking about that film today Sylandest :)
alexxm: Pretty good, thanks. :) Nice and sunny here.
dat Man in Black.
11,02Moo ^-^
SuperBrony64|Zzz: Moo!! :)
Trixie: in class, i assume?
raining all day here FillyFlam
SuperBrony64|Zzz: moo.
HAY,HAY,HAY FillyFlam
no, sylandest at lunch
11,02All the moo :3
hai SuperBrony64
moo
Trixie: even better, lol
so much moo!
11,02Hai :>
looks like there's hope for Bayern Munich yet.
i keep not chatting D:
hey SuperBrony64 hows your day been
all the admins are awake
11,02I just woke up ^_^
14o.o
Did you meet any more cows today?
14you are still writing that?
*initiating mips hating mode*
post ponies
11,02I saw a baby cow yesterday with its mommy :D
Hey, SB.
I've been playing the new pony CCG all day, it's so addicting
Guess what.
Hello SuperBrony64
11,02What? :O
There is one thing that struck me as odd in s2, but I don't know if it is really bad: When the ponies are sad, they are often weeping instead of crying, i.e. tears are flowing but they don't make any sounds that would normally accompany tears. Did anyone else ever notice that?
link please CrimsonFoxx
SuperBrony64, that sounds adorable
RainbowAsh: I did not see that, you make a good ppoint
alexxm: http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/04/introducing-mlpccg.html
11,02Dat traditional mexican entree involving beans, rice, lettuce, etc all wrapped in an all flour tortilla...
You should check it out, it's really easy to learn
Sylandest, I was just rewatching May The Best Pet Win, and Rainbow weeps when she is trapped in Gastly Gorge, that reminded me.
11,02It must only mean love
Haha
Wb.
/me hugs SB
11,02I WUB WOO ;A;
SuperBrony64 well last december I was chased by a angry black bear
Sup SuperBrony64
13Thanks :3
SQUUUUUUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE SuperBrony64 C:
11,02DJ: Did you eat it :D
damn i keep dieing
11,02Hai PrincessDismo :3
WHAT6_9
11,02Hai CrimsonPhoenix ^-^
DJ did fluttershy beat it up?
coundfound these wallpaper compilations the stop me from stream chatting
11,02DJ: Did you shoot it and finally eat it? :O
I DON'T EVEN WANNA SEE THIS GAME RIGHT NOW!! UGH!! I was so close to beating it on hardcore mode but then I walked into a room when I was posinoined and it auto saved and I'm stuck, nothing I can do
oh anyway hi SuperBrony64
Hi~ Good afternoon everyone
Hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT.
/me glomps PrincessDismo
Fluttershy gave a staere down and it ran away
hai TheGreatAndPowerfulT
11,02Hai TheGreatAndPowerfulT ^_^
hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT hows your day been
"Stare"
Take the pack of cigs those are valueble yet lightweight.
/me pets Trixie
the stare is still overpowered.
alexxm Good and yours ? :)
If I can watch 10 YouTube videos in a row without ANY of them buffering, I think Mips can last 5 seconds without doing it once.
has wrex played this before?
that's an odd build
05HI SEMC!
051 sec lemme show ya what i managed so far
cool
oh celestia
i did see some of the stream earlier
i like what you've done so far
05:D
nice
I really like his mane.
Ohai
thank you for sharing
I guess my computer ca't handle this game;s graphics.
ohai CK
i really like your mane, Wrek
/me got his email from ArenaNet today. :3
So did I CriticKitten :3
Can't wait for Friday
lolrandom
kick
Crush. Kill. Destroy. Swag.
this gamr is destroyng lifes took 60 h from meh
burglarize reasonable torch genes
Inorite
true
I'm psyched. I'ma download the client ASAP. :3
13http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3TzSoM2nx-s
[1,0You0,4Tube]: Happy Kitchen Candy Hamburgers ~ ハッピーキチンハンバーガー | by | Length: | Views: 825.330
false
13LOL do want
is this a job application?
true
A pony
buttplug
I even bought a new laptop to play GW2
Hope it arrives before friday
a little golden man
i see a drawing
I bought and built a new desktop just for GW2. :p
This one actually.
Yes... Yes. This is a fertile land, and we will thrive. We shall rule over all this land, and we shall call it... 'This Land'"
okay i need to get going. bye guys
bai Flutters
bye Flutters.
cya Flutters
well best make use of that high charisma wrex
guns! go with guns!
guns and lockpick
and repair so you can fix them?
/me gives pyrocatboy a pony
brains......
/me drools
alexxm: its amazing
no
what pyrocatboy
Wrek doesnt have the ultimate version of New Vegas? shame...
wild wasteland
has some extra traits on that list
take all the cigs
Take ALL the things
kill all the people
i had to look up how to make a block quote XD
just got here. whats being played and whos streaming?
Wild Wasteland?
hey deadeagle hows your day been
Steal anything that isn't nailed down, then take the nails
Wrek playing Fallout: New Vegas
fallout new vegas? ;o?
uhuh :D
nur
so who challenges me to a dddddaaaaaawwwness comptetition?
03yay, got this DVD I ordered
03Adventures in Voice Acting
chat ded
:(
03has interviews with half of the original Pokémon cast XD
Yes... Yes. This is a fertile land, and we will thrive. We shall rule over all this land, and we shall call it... 'This Land'"
Needs DLC
That_British_Guy: Name your Dawwwww terms
03also brb
whats is this EDQ post?
its a bot function
tells us when EQD updated
Look at that happy dude in the corner. He's just so happy.
Excatly
who judges?
Aye, we'll need a judge
/me spins
i mean.. i visited it.. and saw sth
RAINBRO
...
11,029.O
Hello everypony and bronystate!:) (waves hello to you)
Dat sudden SB64
Hi
11,02O.O
hello every pony!
howdy TheRainbowDash!
hai TheRainbowDash
hi TheRainbowDash.
hey TheRainbowDash hows your day been
Oh hai TheRainbowDash
11,02Dat TheRainbowDash
and hai Rainboom_Crash
alexxm: Awesome, and you?
pingstormreadygo.
SuperBrony64: Indeed, yes. Toastr for you?
I GOT IT! SuperBrony64 will be our judge
HAI TheRainbowDash :D
good TheRainbowDash
(toast)
hey Rainboom_Crash hows your day been
That_British_Guy: works for me, if he's up for it
Does anypony need a hugs?
this is a weird game tho
/me hugs Litwick
/me does not require hugs.
Litwick: Any hug for me is good.:)
SuperBrony64 can you be our ddddaaawww judge?
11,02I need a hug :D
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
11,02Okie :3
(hugs SuperBrony64 inasnely hard)
hugs for everypony
/me hugs SuperBrony64.
Right then....LET THE COMPETITION BEGIN!
/me hugs SuperBrony64
lol
:D
/me hugs TheRainbowDash, and OmegaMetroidBrony and alexxm back ^_^
That_British_Guy: Wait, what is going on?
/me nuzzles SuperBrony64
total of 3 rounds
/me hugs SuperBrony64, alexxm, and TheRainbowDash.
:)
most rounds won wins
/me hugs User0
I'll give you the privilege of going first, That_British_Guy
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
Croudhing and steadier aim > Deathclaws
alexxm: D'awww, you!
/me True Story
OmegaMetroidBrony: Deathclaw chasing you=dead on arrival.:D
Lol NOPe
also .. wats euro movie night
xD
so how was your shift today TheRainbowDash
did wrek play this before?
50. MG > Deathclaw
anyone watching the champions league semi?
your turn Sylandest
its saturdays repeat of friday movie night Onyxia
.50*
05I MANAGED TO CLEAN OUT THE DEATHCLAW QUARRY AT LEVEL 11. i think i have played this before.
alexxm: Well, it was good. We were still recovering after yesterday, and since enough time has passed, I can tell everypony here what happened!:)
lol
XD
lol
wow
thx alexxm
Only badasses clean it out with out an AMR
13i would believe wrek if i were you
SuperBrony64 whats your call?
what happened TheRainbowDash i think i was off yesterday
alexxm: Well....hmm....I....killed....Derpy.
O.O
Yeah...
alexxm she gave me nightmares for the next 2 weeks
(sighs)
wait what TheRainbowDash
11,02Pinkie Pie! :D
/me nuzzles Wrek, hoping some gaming magic rubs off onto him...
woot!
Right 1-0
nice shot
TTnTT
ROUND 2!
User0: http://community.discovery.com/eve/forums/a/tpc/f/9741919888/m/94319948401
what did i do That_British_Guy
alexxm: Yeah, that is what happened yesterday, poor Derpy...:'(
one-hit killed
That_British_Guy: Shall I begin?
i used to try sneaking in f3, but i could never figure it out no matter how many points i spent in it
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
After you
some day soon ill go buy a rainbow dash toy with a friend xD
alexxm: D'awww...th...thanks.
Take everything and sell the excess.
Hey.
Onyxia: Awesome, I'll be there with you!:) - Commandeer Dash
oh hai Floris
hi Floris.
i want to see my parents' reaction lol
hai Floris
Hello Floris! (waves)
hey Floris hows your day been
Fair enough, installed the GW2 beta just now.
the dog is ded :(
.... cant really listen MuLittleDahie to end.. :l
mylittledashie*
Level 50 < Lonesome Road Deathclaws
ohked
that would be awesome TheRainbowDash... i would like to meet u tho but i know its not possible
=\
Can't wait to play the beta, Floris :p
That_British_Guy: Grant me a moment, still searching
Onyxia: I know that it is not...
4
then hao
Sylandest take your time
:D
Onyxia: But dream the best that you can, and you can touch me....
May I make a suggestion?
1 day and 23 hours remaining
Like literary....
until what Jim
Guild Wars 2 beta
5
;o? wut
thanks Jim
twilight_sprinkle: yes, under perfect conditions, a plasma saber is possible. but life isn't perfect...
yayyy
Onyxia: Hahaha:d..not like that!
:D
/me pets TheRainbowDash
IMA CONFUSED O_O :D
(has been petted on again)
Bored, I'm gonna play some Monster Hunter Tri.
That guy is aDouche
*a Douche
didn't he already save her?
mfw open up the account info, go to "downloads", and "Guild Wars 2 download not yet available". ;_; Soon, my pretty. Soon.
Onyxia: You don't want to know what I mean by that...:D
k
Right....
how come OmegaMetroidBrony
yep.
was it a joke?
User0: last time you just told me "it doesnt work that way", so yeah
:P
CriticKitten: How much do you want it?
YAY FALLOUT
You'll see alexxm
Is it like a pet to to you?
Alright, sticks taped. Now I can actually pay attention.
twilight_sprinkle: I was refering to how much control/energy it would take, and the fact that something is plausable doesn't make it feasable
btw where do u live TheRainbowDash
i live in Greece
Onyxia: Batimare.
6
TheRainbowDash: I'm going to be gone pretty much all weekend because of the beta, does that answer your question? :P
;o
CriticKitten: I guess so.:P
User0: how should i have known what you meant, working "that way" doesnt sound like "too hard to do"
is Wrek playing
I've got that message too CriticKitten, don't despair
yes
i see
That_British_Guy: oh celestia, my heart
SuperBrony64...who wins round 2?
Jim: It's odd, they said it was ready. Server overload?
more proof i can't play this game, he's shootting at stuff i can't even see
Probably, my brother managed to install it though
RX-78-SweetieBot any word on ME3 tonight?
That_British_Guy: I would automatically because I'm in your picture.:D
XD
lol
7
i finally got a bamboo tablet =D
SuperBrony64?????
i remember my first and only attempt at playing Fallout3
I died to flies
lol
and was like, welp i'm done
That_British_Guy: we may have over HNNNg'ed him
twilight_sprinkle: control would probably be the biggest issue, especially with collisions with other lightsabers (bound to have leaks)
XXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDDDD
i remember my first time playing New Vegas... got molested by a pack of Radscorpions
I would stream SSBB :p
have you tried changing the difficultly semc
6
Midnight_Tempest: Oh my....
8*
So....what now???
how did that happen Midnight_Tempest
i had just exited the vault with no clue how to fight or where to go
Jim: Huh. I'll have to keep trying then. Shame, it's a big download so I wanted to get started right away. :(
Midnight_Tempest: Molestia approves of her workers.:)
User0: probably, but thats atm, they are working on magnetic field manipulation and powerful portable energy sources
ooo dead space sale on steam
twilight_sprinkle: and stray metal and whatnot could make everything fail
so I gave up
That_British_Guy: he may have gone afk
Nobody in the world ever gets what they want, and that is beautiful. Everybody dies frustrated and sad and that is beautiful.
lol Semc
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
twilight_sprinkle: do you realize how hard it is to store and move energy?
the game is free roam you dont have to go to a certain spot
Well then we need a new judge
yeah, good idea
User0: and?
TheRainbowDash : Yes... Yes. This is a fertile land, and we will thrive. We shall rule over all this land, and we shall call it... 'This Land'"
=*( no wild wild wasteland?
TheRainbowDash: i didnt like being molested like that... i was hoping Molestia would do it herself...
alexxm: Nope, rather Dash's land.:)
Who wants to be our new judge for the ddddddddddddaaaaawww competition?
As I said... that guy was a Douche
does anyone know how to get these animated ponies to put on your screen ?
Midnight_Tempest: ....Molestia has entered your game..."And you were saying?")
ok TheRainbowDash
Derp, google "desktop ponies"
oh yeah and dying to crab people going neaar water
I guess I will, I've been paying attention.
dqawut?
TheRainbowDash: Awwwww yeah... ^__^
hey all whose streaming?
twilight_sprinkle: I'm saying, nothing of such power will be feasable for anything other than proof of concept - It won't make it to actual war in my lifetime.
wrek
i think
hai Shane337 Wrek
hey Shane377 hows your day been
lol
Beat his ass with that shovel
Midnight_Tempest: Molestia gets close to you...oh my...(Dash,[me], watches in excitement)
Shoot him in the plot
good even tho i just woke up
WallMaster can you be our judge???
Inb4 wingboner
User0: who says war? its more about simple replication than perfect use
umm what's going on?
butter knife? XD
just lol
That_British_Guy: sure.
That_British_Guy, just post the links -_-
yay
was he supposed to die?
yes
OmegaMetroidBrony: How do you always know my next move?:D
Text clues
:3
:D
That_British_Guy: i can also be yoru judge, im a coldhearted bastard.
FALLOUT BUG VEGAS
TheRainbowDash you also only ever make one move
Right WallMaster do you need us to relink?
14http://colorslive.com/details/89278-King_of_the_Cats_by_Richtea87.php
please.
no wonder i can't find enemies, they've got noclip on
twilight_sprinkle: in labs, they can do amazing stuff, but practical application ouside of an incredibly controlled environment is impossible.
User0: at the moment..
wrex how do you know where to go?
10http://www.lugia.us/forum/random-chatter/survey-laptop-or-desktop-computer/msg291136/#msg291136 GO DO IT
He's played this b4
he played befoer
theres a thing as a MAP semc
Dinky gets my pick.
woot!
05Roflbot, shame on you, be nice
i actualy only wanted to know how many times he played when i asked >_>
......
im sorry
second pic has more to offer
dinky wins all the things
the art style doesnt work for "d'aww."
TheRainbowDash: *I get pounced by Molestia and the scene is censored due to its graphic nature*
ooOoOoooOOOo
also, wrex
i never could figure out how to use the in game map
i knew i should have gone with twilight_sprinkle
:/
(.....wingboner to Midnight_Tempest)
semc: what?
...
it never did anything
That_British_Guy: go for round 3?
its just a blank screen with a fake looking map on it
well you won 2 rounds :/
OmegaMetroidBrony: You're watching too with me?:D
Midnight_Tempest *i pull molestia off of you no bad god back to the cage
anypony wanna play the mlp CCG?
useless to navigate by
Unfortunately yes
ROUND 3-FIGHT!
Aww yeah!
That_British_Guy vs. Sylandest? ... That_British_Guy.
alexxm: >_> you always have to ruin my fun dont you...
when is fighting is magic coming out?
semc: are you sure we'rte talking about the same map?
aww...but then again, That_British_Guy has been here longer than me
when its done
so it maks sense
CCCP: more than likely after Sept.
sorry Midnight_Tempest *releses molestia*
One doesn't simply contain Molestia
but fine lets go on 2 round 3
CCCP: Ugh...I hope sometime soon....:|
ROUND 3!!!!!!
to be honest neither of the pics made me daw, but like i said, second has more to daw about
/me finally pulls the cord on her parachute after 50 minutes of trying to fix her keyboard and lands on and glomps TheRainbowDash
Sylandest, time is irrelevant. links are.
I AM HERE!
Equestria online would have been fun.... but the problem is everyone would be a pegasus
WallMaster: aww i wanted it before summer
oh hai Trixie
Im off cya everypony!
ehm: good point
hey Trixie what you been up to
TheRainbowDash: ikr
My keyboard SUCKSSSSSS
bai TheMonstaMuffin
Not much
That_British_Guy: Wait, is this a competition between you and Sylandest for best pictur-AHH! (glomped by Kipkat07_Mare):D
bye TheMonstaMuffin
Trixie: Greetings oh great and powerful one!
cya TheMonstaMuffin
ohai Kipkat07_Mare
twilight_sprinkle: distant future, at minimum
bb my wonderful, sexy and awesome bronies!
:)
Bye TheMonstaMuffin! (kisses you)
hehe
twilight_sprinkle: i have class, i'm off
bai TheMonstaMuffin
CCCP: yeah, but right now, RD and fluttershy are incomplete, and Pinkie is broken beyond all hell.
lol wrek
so bye wonderful guys
10thanks Viri
TheRainbowDash: yes
/me pets Trixie
WallMaster: oh is the demo out?
TheRainbowDash yes, 3 rounds and who ever has the most dddddddaaaaaaawwwwwwness wins
nope!
Ponies, Ponies, Ponies, SWAGG
lockpick
Sylandest: Hmm....I'll just say that anything with Dash in it wins.:D
WallMaster: then how do u know this?
they've had livestreams.
I've won 2 so far, but we're going for three for fun
14np :3
http://derpy.me/C1QTB
WallMaster: oh ok
TheRainbowDash: Duly noted, lol
/me needs another hug....
Oh, what's this?
and I know enough about fighting games to know how they work.
Jim: now thats a daw
hey PonySwagg hows your day been
TheRainbowDash: I got grounded and I couldnt talk on Bronystate for 4 days!!! :'( I missed all you guys :'(
That_British_Guy: not bad
We missed you to Bro
/me hugs
No....
05this music is so... calming
That_British_Guy: Holy hay....(cries and D'awwws)
aww, Kipkat07_Mare
NOOOOOOOOOO
:D
why were you grounded Kipkat07_Mare
Wait, who are you? Just kidding, welcome back Kipkat07_Mare!
/me has a heart attack from all the DAAAAAAW
/me hugs SS
Kipkat07_Mare: D'awww, i miss you too! (kisses you):)
Hi everypony :)
hey Bobeh
hai Bobeh
Hello Bobeh! (waves)
body.
Oh look, it's Bobeh
hey Bobeh hows your day been
hi Bobeh
alexxm: Good.
/me Brolociraptor is best dinosaur
Hey
Quit making me get diabeetus.
Oh mother of mercy
/me hugs back ;-;
alexxm: I failed 3 classes on my report card because I was sick for a week and a half and I have a sleeping problem
hi PonySwagg!
/me dies
.>And then I thought was Original with her mane. D:
Sylandest: Oh my god....(dies to D'awwness syndrome)
CCCP: Wzup.
Sylandest: You....win....
/me revives TheRainbowDash and That_British_Guy
Jim takes that round. j/k, That_British_Guy gets round 3.
sorry to hesr about that Kipkat07_Mare
Sylandest: hnnnnnnnnnnngggggggg (explodes twice)
Ahh! Yes....thanks Sylandest.:)
Not sure if death, or soul loss
/me hugs Kipkat07_Mare
:D
Kipkat07_Mare: my sleeping problem is talking on here! *hugs*
Sylandest: FLAWLESS VICTORY. CUTALITY.
id say Sylandest pic is more dawish this time
OmegaMetroidBrony: Both for me.:D
OI! HE SAID I WON THAT ROUND!
I'm not even competing :p
/me bows and blushes from all the attention
although maybe That_British_Guy pic was as good
We playing a game?
Can I play?
alexxm: It sucks because Bronystate keeps my depression away. Its like Prozac but I dont have to swallow it with water.
That_British_Guy: Call it a tie?
Of course, Floris
No, Sylandest is by far the best and most D'aww, no questions.:) - Dash herself
Post your most D'awwww-inducing Rainbow Dash pic
We wub u Kipkat07_Mare
id say this time the dawness would be based on whats considered more dawy, family or boyfriend
Black Knight; Alright...we'll call it a draw
hehe, ty, TheRainbowDash!
TheRainbowDash: Hey, you're the expert XD
/me shrugs.
You too Kipkat07_Mare? I need this site like a drug bro.
/me glomps CCCP and shoves a hug down his throat
:3
so yeah i think r3 is a draw
OmegaMetroidBrony: You dont even know! :)
r4?
/me hugs Kipkat07_Mare
PonySwagg: I am the expert, because I am Dash!:D
Right.
No wait! I'm allergic to adoreableness!
TWILIGHT SPARKLE SPOTTED
if there is a Round 4, my stipulation is NO RD.
because its been linked the past 2 rounds.
WallMaster: We stopped after round 3
WallMaster: Then it is not D'awww round then....nah, just kidding!:D
anymore and hearts would explode
thats why I said if.
/me glomps alexxm and shoves a hug down his throat
Ok, here...I'll start another competition.
Wrek: Kill him
Watch out we got a badass over here!
CCCP: also, Fluttershy is OP right now.
Well, now that that's done, back to work on my essay, lol
OmegaMetroidBrony: lol
WallMaster: yay!
good luck Sylandest
Find the most D'awww picture that has ALL of the mane 6 in the picture, this is the only deciding round everypony.:)
ty, alexxm
lol
AHA. Found it.
/me downloads. :3
TheRainbowDash: Can it have awesome in it?
/me prepares heart medication for overdose of D'AWWWW
no, I dont mean like O. Sagat or Zero.
That_British_Guy: i pick Sylandest for round 3.
hehe, ty ehm!
PonySwagg: Sure, but D'awww is the key element here.
can we use ponybooru TheRainbowDash
Morning :>
iiddoonnttkknnoowwiifftthhiissiissrreeaaddaabbllee
i have a bunch of integrals to solve and a physics exam to prepare for
Blah, I'd have used something from Equestria Prevails if it was just awesome
hey XAX hows your day been
alexxm: Any website counts, as long as it is suitible to apporpiate content only.
Whoever said this music was soothing
TheRainbowDash: Can I has a hug cos I was gone for 4 days?
Was right.
That_British_Guy: Oh my hay.....
2hai Skylands
I almost wanna sleep. XD
(hugs Kipkat07_Mare insanely hard)
That_British_Guy: you shouldve used that one
TheRainbowDash: thanks! I feel happy! :)
My day has been going for 15 minutes. Dunno :l
So, you got 5 minutes everypony.:)
If you don't have one by 5 minutes, you are out.
That_British_Guy: funny, i still didnt daw, even though i know should have. i think im dead inside
And now we patch.~
Starting.....now!
Yeah, remind me to read that.
XD
Remember, most D'aww picture with all of the mane 6 in it.:)
TheRainbowDash: AND WHAT DOES THE WINNER RECIEVE
Oh yesh, Lyra on a bench = A+
PonySwagg: Hmm...
</royal canterlot voice>
I'll decide the prize later.
Find fluttershy hug and you win :D
lol
inb4 No Prize
OmegaMetroidBrony: Possibly...:D
TheRainbowDash http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/162931?search=mane_6%20cute
Wrek should do an Evil playthrough... KILL EVERYONE!
I converted my friend to the herd yesterday. I showed him the .MOVs though... It worked at least...
...
lol
good work Kipkat07_Mare
alexxm: Oh my hay.....(D'awwnes syndrome)
EXCELLENT
I showed one of my non brony friends an MOV... he thought I was wierd
TAKE THE CIGS
put sumthin over his head!
why would you show anyone one of the .mov's? they suck
Sylandest: I vote this as winner.
Why so many Babeh pics??
OmegaMetroidBrony: You showed a Non_Brony a .MOV? ...How could you...
PonySwagg: hehe, tyvm! But TheRainbowDash has to judge for this one
Sylandest: That is tough to beat....(dies of D'awwness syndrome)
how is babeh formed?
Apple.mov
/me revives TheRainbowDash again
Alright, 2 minutes.
/me Problem?
alexxm: I had to show him the worst part of the fandom first...
I see New Vegas
Ahhh, thank you.:D
really gotta get you that D'AWWW protector
and Twilight Sparkle
ScootaChicken: you do.
oh hai ScootaChicken
this leads me to believe Wrek is streaming
ohai ScootaChicken
also, Hi ScootaChicken.
You're right
Hello ScootaChicken! (waves)
whoa i wonder how my chat is still working
Fukken Wednesday's
Hi ScootaChicken :)
Worst day of the week
Aside from Monday
1 minute!
But... It's Thursday D:
And possibly Sunday because of the imminent dread of Monday
oh hey fallout, id go play myself if i wasnt so irratated with dead money
Kipkat07_Mare, you think that's the worst? pff...
This is MLP.
You gettin' mugged kid!
dat kick
/me shows a clip of G1 ponies.
This is MLP on Swagg.
slightly likes G1
Alrightm if you got a D'aww picture of all of the mane in it, send it in now!:)
(mane 6)
/me shows a clip from Friendship is Magic
...Any questions?
brb
Alright then CCCP.:)
ehm: The clop side...
:)
XD Gotta love it
That_British_Guy: This confirms that I am the best pony.
TheRainbowDash: I know, right?
If not, it was already confrimed.
9
TheRainbowDash: You're always the best pony. you're 120% best pony
...
(confirmed)
TheRainbowDash: was there any real doubt?
Okay, you see this?
THIS is how you shoot
Kipkat07_Mare, try guro.
see, I dont have a favorite pony.
ehm: I dont want to :D
10?
exactly.
Neither do I
best pony? dashie
clearly
But I do have preferences
until Fighting is Magic comes out, then its whoever I main.
see, sea
Joker1993: Aww yeah!:)
I identify with Rarity a bit more than others
11
But as for favorite?
Don't have one. ^^ They're ponies.
ok, but really, i need to get back to work, lol. this essay is due tomorrow
I love them all.
awesome shot
PonySwagg: Bu...bu Dashie!:D
regardless of personal favouritism, dash is just the general all around best
Dash IMO is kinda overrated
dashie is obviously not best pony
Joker1993: And that is why you're 20% cooler than the rest....- Commander Dash
omega, you just dont have the right mindset
OmegaMetroidBrony: Wait, what...
I like Twilight and Pinkie
you have to think in coolness, not what you like
dashie is my second favorite. She's awesome. Gotta go with Pinkie Pie. Me and her are so much alike.
best ponies are Twi, then Rarity, then Trixie, then everyopone ese. except fluttershy.
o:
rainbow dashie is not best pony
actually, in real life, I am more of a mix between Twilight Sparkle and Fluttershy.:)
faust alicorn is best pony
unless you can suddenly appear whenever you want and become gelatin to show someone how to loosen up, you are nothing like pinekamina
You are entering into a world not of sight or sound, but of mind. A world with Friendship, Magic, and Ponies. There's a road sign up ahead. Next Stop: The Twilight Sparkle zone.
I'm like if Pinkie Pie had access to Urban Dictionary. And was a dick.
Im a mix between Fluttershy, Rainbow Dash, and Twilight Sparkle
Sorry, had to do it. XD
BUT, Rainbow Dash was that pony that introduced me nito the fandom and actually got me hooked into it, and that is why I use this username today.:)
(into)
TheRainbowDash: same
I used to like Fluttershy. I dont now, though.
No other pony stood out to me except My Little Dashie.
Wrex playing New Vegas?
WallMaster: good
yesh
12
i am obviously more generous than rarity
alright, ive had my chat, gonna go afk and finish reading AiE ficss
PonySwagg, dat signpost up ahead :x
wazzup everypoooooony :)
yay fallout!!
Ohai, catchi01
hi cachi01
hai
Hello cachi01! (waves)
TheRainbowDash: Dashie is cute and that brought me in. And other things.
That_British_Guy: That Lyra....I'm going to get her..:|
That_British_Guy: damn it, i knew her constant bucket hiding was suspicious
although, if I main Fluttershy, I might jump back to her.
Omfg...I just found "SEASON 1 PONYSTATIC: MLP:FIM Every Episode At The Same Time 1080P!" MY EYES! my eyes!
THAT LYRA IS A BLOODY SPY
Kipkat07_Mare: I'm guessing more than just cute for that!:D
Vordox: wut do u mean at the same time???
there's no doubt that i am more generous than rarity :V
ALL EPISODES from Season at, AT SAME TIME
That's the video title. O.o
With the question
TheRainbowDash: sure...
13
05also
WTF I DONT THINK I CAN MANAGE SO AWESOMNESS
05sorry if wathcing me play is a bit dull
CAN YOU HANDLE THIS MUCH PONI?
Wrek, don't sweat it
05waiting for sis to return ym tablet x3
We're good XD
Am i the only one that think Rarity is generous?
Wrek, you're fine.
thinks*
CCCP: yep
lol
Keep playing it
:3
Wrek: I'm fine. Play on.
I'm enjoying watching you play.
Rarity is a mix of both
Wrek: Your streams are always awesome. Just like you! :)
^
Cachi, give it a look if you want to... XD
im trying
CCCP: Actually, Rarity is rather generous. But like the others, she does have her flaws
Fallout is greatness.
can you give link please??
^
And that's why we love her.
...
=P
PonySwagg: totally agree
/me got ninja'd like he always does.
ohai everypony
PonySwagg: Eeyup, everypony got their own weaknesses, except for Celestia.:|
all of the ponies have their flaws (read: a point where i've wanted to backhand them)
cccp: nope but I obviously more generous than any pony >:V
Hello Petrified_Discord! (waves)
Hmm...
oh hai Petrified_Discord
I'll link to you in private.
I dunno about that XD
Hiya Petrified_Discord
Actually, Dash has the most weaknesses!:O
/me also sucks at tabbing.
Celestia can get curbstomped apparently
lol
ohia
On the show and on the internet.
Wub > Celestia
TheRainbowDash: Actually Celestia has a weakness for fillies...
Hey Wrex. Y U so good at shooting?
00,10Hi all
its 6 13 am and im at a maccers ready for school
Looks like you found yerself a caiyote
Kipkat07_Mare: Why so?
Hai Sumica
Hi Sumica.
Hello Sumica! (waves and hugs) How are you today?:)
dafaq is wrong with me
Wrek: Do you even use VATS?
hai Sumica
dat Jackolope.
05never use vats
ohai Sumica
hi Sumica
A REAL MAN DOES NOT NEED VATS
-_-
That_British_Guy: Hnnnggggg
That_British_Guy: Too late(dies):D
vats for when i have a headache and dont want to try and aim
PonySwagg: I always was pretty feminine
Ive got a massive headache now.
...
Kipkat07_Mare: XD
2:<
i heard a ghost ping
piiiiiiiing woooooo
That_British_Guy: HNNNNNGGGG
Wrek: What if you use a fatman, You're telling me you manually launch one?
Okay so
Woo! I beat Medusa!
That_British_Guy: So much hhhnnnnnnnggg
Did anyone else spot Twi in the lower right corner?
hey guys, why is lyra known as a sea pony?
"Yes
*yes
13um.. duh?
Because Twi is being an egghead there. XD
05eeyup
I thought she was part of the game
Well she's an easter egg.
Of course
High five for beating Medusa!
is Twis brain a yoke?
Speaking of Sea Pony Lyra...
Ohai Shizuka
CCCP: Wait, an egg yolk? Get me the pan then!:D
13added hunger to the rogurlike
wait, so who are we watching?
XD
TheRainbowDash: XD
Wrek Joker
CCCP: i hope she stays away from zombies
Wrek
ahh
At the gala, Winter Wrap Up AND everything at same time. JEEBUS: XD
alright
Good job, Chrysalis http://a1.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/s720x720/524449_276158412478652_273196252774868_574912_1948914127_n.jpg
lol
My Little Pony: Fallout is Radiated
twilight_sprinkle: :D
http://uk.ds.ign.com/articles/122/1223714p1.html
this is awesome an actual art gallery xD
Bobeh oh course, totally on purpose
Too late, Petrified_Discord
Look at dat buffetring
Shizuka: I wasnt on for THREE DAYS!!!! All I thought about was Bronystate
We've already got Fallout: Equestria
13i'm sorry?
My Little Pony:....Chryalis Takeover.
/me has never read fallout equestria
CCCP: READ IT.
CCCP: You wll never regret it, ever.
PonySwagg: is it really that good?
/me has never played fallout or read fallout equestria
Shizuka: It sucked. Im never failing a class again
Fallout: Dash's Survival to the End.
Bronystate, more addictive than cigarettes
/me sings Johnny Guitar
^
I dunno if you wanna read the fate of Rainbow Dash...
I see wrek is dieing to deathclaws again
:)
It is pretty awesome, though.
ok
"It is for Equestria, for me...for my survival and dignity that is left on this wasteland."
booyah, now twilight is readin on my desktop too :p and pinkie is just being random again :p
OmegaMetroidBrony: Its more addicitve than all the drugs combined
"It is for me."
Horrble shit aways happens to Rainbow Dash in fan fics
That_British_Guy: I DARE someone to do this.
CCCP: That fucking disgusts me.:|
I do not understand...
Heya!
Hiya icybeauti
Hello icybeauti! (waves)
hi icybeauti.
Ohaithar.
TheRainbowDash: ikr
TheRainbowDash: RD seems like the most mentally strong/arrogant one, so destroying her psychie has a greater effect on viewers
TheRainbowDash: Why do they kill you? You are best at everything! Why do they kill you? :'(
^
I like Big Macintosh the most.
Hello Flillyflam,TheRainbowDash,WallMaster,and PonySwagg
TheRainbowDash: Take heart. What Rainbow Dash does in Fallout: Equestria will have you both cheering and crying when you finally find out.
Chrysalis is BEST pony
I'm loving this 50's music.
/me kills all the ficwriters who kill RD
twilight_sprinkle: But it can be to a point that it damages people's relationship with ponies....do you know of the damage that Cupcakes and clopfics with Rainbow Dash did to the community? TONS.
But int he end...
Litwick: me too
EVERYPONY bites the big one.
CCCP: IS SHE EVEN A PONY?!
But in the end we keep coming back.
Candance, Rarity, and My Little TimeLord. End of story.
PonySwagg: I actually never read that yet, I'll check it out later.
Bobeh: i still dont know
I can't believe no one here
when something blue in your document
TheRainbowDash: im not justyfying it, only explaining why, which was your question
get printed out as pink
there's 141 people her
I can't believe no one here either
twilight_sprinkle: Oh, ok..
it's time to get a new color ink thing
Has never read one of the best, most epic ponyfics of all time.
TheRainbowDash you dont deserve all that hate *hugs*
I've only read cupcakes, my little avengers, and the vagabond.
Some guy on a Brony Server told me to read Cheerilee's Garden. >_>
TheRainbowDash, it's only fanfics, not cannon. It exists in a different reality.
Oh dear lord
Meh, fanfics.
My canon cannon
TF2 that is.
FIGHTFIGHTFIGHT
icybeauti: I feel so sorry for you. No one should have to read Cupcakes.
CCCP: D'aww, you! Keep the cupcakes away from me, ok? And tell Soarin and Spitefire and Applejack and Twilight Sparkel and Fluttershy that I am not interested for that kind of stuff yet!:D
please, not another fanfic shitstorm.
Petrified_Discord, yeah. d'oh
TheRainbowDash: XD
(Spitfire and Sparkle)
PonySwagg I acutally changed my friend's view of Pinkie Pie and cupcakes forever.
SpitfireXSparkle = Sparkle? :/
Oh hai Ever- FALLOUUUUTTT
Fucking buffers. Always do it when I get relxaed.
icybeauti: Like I said, no one should have to read Cupcakes XD
Lolhai Aircrafter :)
Bucking fuffers.
Never did, never will.
yesterday i learned valthejean doesn't like fanfics
Petrified_Discord: Dont worry about it. That ship will never exist anyway. :D
Hey thar XAX :3
Everyday I'm Bufferin
Anyways!
hai Aircrafter
hi Aircrafter
Harpflank and Sweets <3
PonySwagg The ED did warn me. But it was my computer class and I was reading creepypaste, so I decided to read it then.
Jim And CCCP :)
Another aweosme fic.
So Who's Streaming?
Why does it only buffer for me?
buffers for me too
Aircrafter: Wrek is streaming right now.
I don't have anything against fics. I have a vendetta against BAD fics.
I try to offer up good ones.
TheRainbowDash: Sweet. Thanks.
That's the only badfic I've ever read.
PonySwagg: http://ollibgood.com/anonwallpaper/16657-spoof-my-little-pony-friendship-v-for-vendetta.jpg
^^^^
Petrified_Discord: HAW
Litwick, tried refreshing?
lol RD suffers again
Um, just for the sake of keeping the good mood, let's make sure we don't argue or bash anything on here extremely please. We had that yesterday and it kinda ruined the mood a bit. so everypony please stay positive and constructive...if you don't mind, that is...
Tried refreshing like 20 times.
hm
Fuyllpage refrswhes included.
Sylandesy What happened yesterday?
Sylandest: I almost don't want to know.
icybeauti: shitstorm arguement.
Well you're allowed to discuss topics, just keep it civil
Tech support questions go in #derpy_hooves
icybeauti: we had some folks arguing over fanfics and their writers yesterday. mods had to step in to cool things down and move them to private chat
Then came the ponies...
it wasnt civil.
WallMaster Sounds fun...I guess I'm a little thankful my brother kicked me out yesterday
john madden john madden 999999999999 aeiou aeiou DAYUMMMM gotta get $ aaaaaaaaaaaaaah
/me shudders.
Now I'm gettin a gray screen.
Not black, gray.
Nice shot.
Seriously, NICE SHOT
cachi01 ehmagawd I luv that! /)
most arguments get killed early here, which annoys me, but yesterdays wasnt killed early enough.
Buffer...
cachi01: you forgot the exclamation marks after the john maddens
yaaay (\ :)
twilight_sprinkle That's good hear. I would actually consider this place a safe chatroom.
Congratulations, PowderGangers
twilight_sprinke: but now, its alright because we're all enjoying ourselves and relaxing :)
lol true User0
You just got pwn'd
Lol no safety here
*twilight_sprinkle
Much better than like omegel
Sylandest: speak for yourself, i have a crapton of homework and an exam to prepare for :\
:D
Every Day I'm Buffering.
/me plays shuffling music.
LOCKPICK
-shuffles-
Gonna hunt an Agnaktor, vouch for me!
twilight_sprinkle: im working on a communication theory essay at the same time, hehe, so i know that feel
\me dances
dis is new vegas right???? or 3
/me 20 bucks on the Agnaktor
/me dances
icybeauti: i would still like to have more freedom for discussion here, yesterday got out of hand tho, altho imo only 1 person got out of hand...
NV
cachi01: Eeyup.
I think this is the first playthrough I've seen
ey peeps
WHOA! A My Little pony with 3 million HITS?!
Where the Powder Gangers lost without anyone dying
Sylandest: btw, press tab when typing a name and itll do the rest
Vordox: Wait, what do you mean by that?:P
You sir, are good.
twilight_sprinkle There's a small gap between heated debate and argument. Once you start throwing insults around, it's no longer a heated debate.
A youtube video with MLP with over 3 million hits.
twilight_sprinkle: oh ty for telling me that. so much typing! lol
later ya'll
thanks for the stream
Sylandest: ikr :P
Vordox: Is is that one with Rainbow Dash and The Offspring?:D
fun fact 3 million is over 9000
laters semc!
icybeauti: exactly, and as i recall, only 1 person yesterday was doing the insults
Yeah TheRainBowDash
Offspring? Luv them. Rainbow dash? Luv. Both. -rainboom-
theres a glitch here to earn XP
Vordox: Yeah, seen that 1000 times now.:D
Did y'all know that originally it was "Over 8000" but they changed it for the English dub
...
there we go
twilight_sprinkle This place is pretty chilled, but something will come up every now and then.
TheRainbowDash: So how did you feel about performing a Sonic Rainboom on command at the wedding? Think any Wonderbolts saw it?
5 million money is also over 9000
Hmm...Perhaps if we mix a super famous song with MLP...A good song mind you.. What would that be... Rolling Stones, Metallica? Nirvana?
rawr
Yeah. Something about the mouth flaps
PonySwagg: Well, let's just say that I'll be flying with some Bolts next season.:)
weird
Vordox Do wolfmother and MLP. They actually have fitting songs like White Unicorn and Apple Tree
TheRainbowDash: We can only hope!
icybeauti: yesterday was the most heated one ive seen. usually the only thing that gets people mad is being shut up by mods
True, Icybeauti. But we need something more famous to spread MLP. ;)
i like Caravan Palace
icybeauti: or at least i know im chill until that happens
Hold onto your wings, TheRainbowDash. I'll be back next season too :)
Yup. mips is officially the new YouTube. Buffers just as bad, and never fucking works when you want it to.
twilight_sprinkle I walked into the cafeteria after being upstairs for lunch in a tacher's room and there was a fist fight.
CCCP: I KNOW RITE
:$
Petrified_Discord: Ok then. I'm ready for that!:)
dat spelling
We should all hibernate until fall.
icybeauti: my goodness! what happened?
icybeauti: cant tell if literally or symbolism o.o
PonySwagg: you going to Rite Aid or something right now?:D
Wait wait...WTF?! DAMNIT PINKIE! Why do you ruin that video with your Foam HAND in MLP?!!?
Just in time for the RUnning of the Leaves?
TheRainbowDash: XD You would think that.
well hello there friends :)
hi asneakykitty
hello asneakykitty
/me spots asneakykitty
oh hai asneakykitty
Sneak check failed.
hey asneakykitty
PonySwagg: "No! Your spelling is not rite! Rather wong!":D
hi asneakykitty.
And it's not a coincidence that it always freezes when Wrek's streaming. Not a coincidence.
asneakykitty: Quick hide under a cardboard box!
TheRainbowDash: XD
Hello asneakykitty! (waves)
Sylandest, twlight_sprinkle I dunno. My friend had to go buy lunch, so we went to the lunch line and there was a fight on the far cornor of the cafeteria. The teachers sent like 6 kids to the office, and the most chilled teacher actually yelled today.
PonySwagg: My favorite part of Fall Wrap-Up. Also known as Fuck Off Fall :D
Haha, It's been a while!! No work for a while so I can join in on the fun :P
lol
icybeauti: im glad you're alright. It sounds like it got pretty bad
Wrek: playing a little New Vegas eh?
asneakykitty: We can DOUBLE it!
Sylandest Yeah. I guess it was a good diea to stop hanging in the cafeteria.
icybeauti: btw, press tab when typing a name and itll do the rest
My hopes for next season:
Ah! The fun has been doubled!
THE LUNA HAS BEEN DOUBLED
icybeauti: indeed it was, lol
twilight_sprinkle: Thanks. It's quiet a lot typing all the names out ;)
Moar Shining Armor.
icybeauti: ik ^^
More adventure.
oh CURSE YOU LAG!
Buffering :l
More... More EVERYTHING T_T
Buffering is worst pony.
Sylandest: Eyup. Tab is new best pony.
icybeauti: cuz in my country teachers yell all the time
Aircrafter: Nope. Freezing is worst.:|
...I just got Wrek'd
ALL OF MY DISAPPOINT MIPS.
so....
TheRainbowDash: True. /)
(cwotididthar)
damn. dat lag
icybeauti: my math teacher would yell like a thousand sirens
(\ to Aircrafter,a dn (\ to all!
I'm hardly getting any buffering.
(and)
Rm and Bayern Munich is going to extra time.
twilight_sprinkles My math teacher and science teacher are bitched.
needs more plot
icybeauti: my math teacher was angry as hell but he was a great guy tho
icybeauti: i told her the same thing when she told me about the tab button, lol. and twilight_sprinkle, my teachers didnt yell much at all, only when we got too rowdy
icybeauti: and the best teacher ive ever had, he was a math god
You get more plot in Vegas once you get there
asneakykitty: You do know you're leaving yourself wide open, right? XD
I HATE YOU MIPS!
02http://puu.sh/rtwz
02YES
I wonder if Wrek knows the easy way to get too Novac...
stop lagging!
twilight_sprinkle: My math teacher is an old women who's balding, fat, and has a mustache. Shes kinda a bitch, but it's probably because she's old.
;3 I intended to PonySwagg <3
Sylandest: im a guy lol
/me facehoof
00,10wth is he shooting at?
twilight_sprinkle: im so sorry, lol
twilight_sprinkle: LIES, there's no guy on the internet
Sumica: Bloatfiles....
03o.o
Looks like bees
Wrek. Shooting bloatsprites out of the air without a single blink.
Sylandest: lol np
Flys*
"...WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU LOOKING AT?!"
Uakh I'm a chick.
lol
Uakh: Oo youre saying only women exist on the inet?
twilight_sprinkle: Impossible. There are no females on the internet
I thought women don't do the interwebz?
icybeauti: sucks, its important to have good teachers
lol
inb4 kicks
Whats a Err, Woman?
/me facepalms
Uakh: funny, the World of Warcraft folks believe the opposite
/me chuckles.
Aircrafter: They have...bumps? I think
Petrified_Discord: but then im a guy by definition, Uakh says otherwise :D
00,10and what is vats?
Aim assistance
what is what?
yup
twilight_sprinkle: Yeah. I learned nothing last year in spanish. My teacher wasn't even a native speaker!
Vault-Tec Targeting System
14
in a way
Sumica: Vault-Tech Assisted Targeting System
Sumica: Vault-Tec Assisted Targeting System
poor SlurryMoon has no op
VAT IS VAT???
twilight_sprinkle: We'll you're on the internet, so statistically you're a guy :D
Sumica... did you not play Fallout?
Shoot, got it wrong. XD
Dat jynx
00,10nope
Missed a letter.
=()
vat is vat????
14going to bed
VATS is like autoaim
14good night
Sumica: It is that targeting system where if you aim, you can target one part of the body, and it will show the percentage/chance to hiw that.
Petrified_Discord: So they're like...Mares? But...Human?
Vats is like Aimbot
night
3hm?
(hit)
/me tickles TheRainbowDash whos a silly filly
VATS is like hax
Um...
:d
actually, there are about the same number of guys and gals on the intertubes
3Oh, sorry, I'm just here doing nothing
Wrek, you almost got blow'd up.
VATS is like chuck norrs+
VAT IS VAT( i be jokin, cuz what soudns like vat)
Good for you =D
according to a few studies
Vat is Wats?
Aircrafter: Probably. So the legend says.
Oh, ok SlurryMoon...and hello! How are you today?:)
Uakh: Is there some ratio or something?
SlurryMoon: Doing nothing SlurryMoon is best SlurryMoon
I used VATS once. I got a zero percent to hit "that".
icybeauti: are you interestd in foreign language?
its a ingame radio
vats is sort of like bullet time that lets you have great aim
lol
3heheh
00,10I think I played the first game
OmegaMetroidBrony: ^
if you did your hardcore =D
3I'm fine guys
/me tickles TheRainbowDash whos a silly filly
icybeauti: same number, but they don't hang out at the same places
im..home...
ohh
twilight_sprinkle: My mom is a native speaker, and my dad speaks it since they met in ehr home country. I have the ear, but I'm not amazing at speaking :/
Lizard!
That...
i wish there was a pony mod for Fallout
my stream showed nothing for the last hour...didnt thionk to refresh -_-
Was a nice shot.
i once tried to install an aimbot for CS cuz i got tired of hackers ruining my stats( i was number 1 of 8000 at one point) but that killed my game
the number of male hello kitty hardcore fans is comparatively low
lol
i used to suck in fallout then i took a VATS to somewhere in my body
well actually i only tried a wallhack
Uakh: Girls hang more on Gaia and that sort of thing. Guys dominate the rest.
I just looked at that Brony map Thing for season 2, and I realized that one lives VERY close near by
half day in college tormorow
Eeeeew
also
FACEBOOK
In ACR hacks are a part of the game :D
Magical Radiation XD
icybeauti: he i guess they expect you to speak it well
I'm not alone TwT
wheres this brony map Aircrafter
KILL IT!!
He's like
alexxm: In the Newsletter I believe
My Little Pony : Surviving is Magic
"SCREW YOU GUYS I AM GOING HOME"
PWNED
maybe someday the chosen one will arise and free us from facebook
Uakh: maybe
everypony join the facebook liberation front !
that day
twilight_sprinkle: Well, my parents started to teach my oldest brother, but my mom didn't know how to speak english yet. Once she learned, they only speak spanish amongst themselves.
WILL BE GLORIOUS
I think Twilight is reading the Wasteland Survival Guide....
we've setup a group page on facebook ! :D
Uakh: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ejpepffjfmamnambagiibghpglaidiec
MANLY TEARS OF HAPPINESS WILL BE SHED
Sounds like a good read
Depends on how well written it is
Oh well. XD
It may just kill you to read it...
BOOM HEADSHOT!!!
I can see you're proficient in when to use a pistol
Pfft, forget how
WHEN to use it XD
icybeauti: yeah i had a smiliar case when i was a kid
lumberjac song lol....
guys anybody here plays TOUHOU??
twilight_sprinkle: Sounds cool. I have the upperhand in my class.
Sometimes when I play...I forget about VATS...and just spam half my ammo....
Anypony play ROTMG?
Who wants to find out what theyre birthstone represents? :)
cachi01 I listen to touhou music
Hi everyone
I'm an aquamarine. Hence why I love water like hell.
Eh...is this gonna be like the love calculator?
hai Anotherguy
Anotherguy:
lali-ho Anotherguy
oh hsi Anotherguy
What's this?
Dken2021|Metal_Max: thereis a mlp version of bad apple
*hai
Hiya Anotherguy
hi Anotherguy
anyone a hardcore CoD fan?
Anotherguy: Fallout: New Vegas.
did someone say love calculator?
cachi01 yea I've seen that
oh good lordy
by hardcore i mean you played THE FIRST CoD
I know it's fallout but why?
Anotherguy: Because....Ponies? ._.
http://www.lovecalculator.com/love.php?name1=Human&name2=Human
whats bad apple cachi01
Because why not?
WATCH OUT FOR THAT TROG!!!!!
LOL
http://www.lovecalculator.com/love.php?name1=Human&name2=Pony
twilight_sprinkle: Wow...Too true
alexxm: a song made for a project touhou game
twilight_sprinkle: NO :[
thanks cachi01
WOOOW.
XDDD
Well okay then
Stealth successful XD
;)
:)
twilight_sprinkle: Hahaha:D
alexxm: its an awesome song you should check the mlp version and the original}
twilight_sprinkle what month were you born in?
That_British_Guy: this month
it will stuck in ur head FOREVER
will do cachi01
That's some good karma you got there...
lol, aquamarine?
Eyup
talking about birthstones?
Well I'm an Aqua-Bat <_<
lol
Aircrafter.....
I am Dash and toast, so I'm Rainbow Toasty Dash.:P
what are these.......Aquabats?
whats april birthstone, i forget
I see.
I got many names, you see..
otakon: I HAVE NO IDEA! -in Medic's voice-
by birthstone is a topaz.
go to the interwebz and find out. Think it was a pearl.
ah
My birthstone is LASERS
Ruby here
Is this hardcore mode?
My birthstone is muffins.
Anotherguy: no idea
/me tickles TheRainbowDash whos a silly filly
My birthstone is nothing
I forgot what my birthstone was, but I know what my astrological sign is
Topaz
Yes it is
alexxm: Hahaha, I am!:D
For I was never born
Anotherguy: eeyup
I know may is Emerald, and november is topaz
otakon: aquabats super survival RPG show
icybeauti: too lazy
Once when I was seven I found a rock in my backyard that looked like a giraffe. I think that's my birthstone.
My birthstone is Phazon
Oh, thanks!
/me was born a man. He never had a childhood.
Wrek: EAT SOMETHING DAMMIT!
I was born in November
icybeauti: plus i have 45 tabs open, dont want any extra
i have no idea what my birthstone is but i was born in december 93 so any ideas
my birthstone is garnet
FillyFlam: Still a better love story than Twilight.
"Congradulations, ma'am. It's a MAN."
brb, checking on ma meatloaf
lol
imma diamond
Aircrafter: Rofl.
then twilight_sprinkle you are associated - enhancing relationships and increasing inner strength.
although i prefer aquamarine, or ruby
FillyFlam: Do you happen to live near any Giraffes?
That_British_Guy: o.O
AWESOME my birth stone is aquamarine!!!!!!!!
Emeralds FTW!!!
I got Ruby! Aww yeah!
these are my birthstones Tanzanite Zircon Turquoise
cachi01 /)
No wonder those born in April are kinda hard headed (igotfunnyjokes)
:D
RaveBrony yea /)
icybeauti: (\
PonySwagg: lol
I'm a Diamond.
Dken2021|Metal_Max: (\
PonySwagg: <_<....Keep Talkin....
Aircrafter: its a joke lol
Aircrafter: Not unless there's some secret giraffe colony living on the East Coast.
TheRainbowDash what month were you born in?
I KNEW THAT
HA
HAHAHAH
XD
That_British_Guy: July.
didnt knew it existed but it looks SOOOOO awesome
Aircrafter: day poker face
*dat
I'm not so sure what's great about a Topaz though
scroll back up and click the linky
._.
I'm sapphire...
FillyFlam: That'd be interesting.
then TheRainbowDash your associated - devotion, integrity, courage and happiness
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-not-just-for-kids.jpg
sapphire is my fav stone
aquamarine is best birthstone
Anotherguy That's the name of one of my book charecters
<---is a Turquoise
^ is a Turquoise
That_British_Guy: That totally fits Dash!:D
ScootaChicken /)
ScootaChicken: -never realized that all until you posted that
hiya ScootaChicken what's up?
Please tell me that the spoiler limit is gone.
Anyway...Apparently, I am a Diamond.
Chat's a bit too full for my taste :P
soooooooooooooo scotaloo birthstone might be a chicken??????
ScootaChicken: eeyup
I am terrified of that rule.
Petrified_Discord: you're kidding right?
hey ScootaChicken hows your day been
ScootaChicken: spoiler is 24 hours after episode.
ScootaChicken: wasn't China crap?
I
otakon: Maaaaaaaybe
spoiler limit^
Am going to sleep now.
BOOM HEADSHOT!!!
Petrified_Discord: Here, I'll empty out the cup of water for you now. There everypony, it is now empty, and not half-full/half-empty.:D
oh CURSE YOU LAG!
Naptime.
also, Topaz.
cya PonySwagg
:O
See you guys later. ^^
Cya PonySwagg :P
WallMaster: The Mods still scare me.
so MUCH lag
cya PonySwagg
Which is probably the point of it.
Bye PonySwagg! (kisses you)
Later PonySwagg
ScootaChicken: Giggle at the Mods!
ScootaChicken: ValtheJean was scary last night
o.o
ScootaChicken: so much trolling
I love lag, gives me things to talk about...like lag :P
otakon: Oh yeah :D
TheRainbowDash: Hey now. *Blushie.* ^///^
otakon: Val is always scary, what did he do this time?
ScootaChicken: Princess Promenade
Seriously, bye. ^^
Aside from being homophobic.
bye PonySwagg
Bye PonySwagg. -will not- -will be missed-
Which we've all grown used to.
otakon, It wasn't thay bad
*that
otakon: That's not trolling, Princess Promenade is better than most of G4
LunaTheBeloved: you don't mind it
You're right I don't
ScootaChicken: okay, NOW you are trolling
Lllllag
ScootaChicken, you are correct
okay, brb again
princess miramoyo cadenca is best weird name pony!!
Whats Princess Err Promenade?
LunaTheBeloved: LIES!
Lag is worst pony...
I have no idea what is going on. Dafuq is ScootaChicken doing and why is he not in bed yet?
ScootaChicken: well actualy he induced a huge argument about fanfics, he insulted some guys
Aircrafter: G3 straight to dvd MLP movie
ScootaChicken, channel rules are on the website.
otakon: AHH NOT G3 RUN NOOO
ehm: he's a regular, he knows
Only 150 peps tonight? D:
ehm: Really? I totally never noticed that.
brb
Aircrafter RUN TO THE HILLS!
Da Rules!!!!!
RUN! KILL IT WITH FIRE!
uh-oh....
RUN FORYOURLIFES
Vordox 149
Y'know, aside from the big link to the channel rules in the topic.
*EPÍC DRUMS*
DashWithRainbows: Shaddup.
otakon, except he asked about the spoiler rule -.-
When is season 2 coming out on netflix?
XD he ducked!
Still, must be because it's night time here only.
You like that?
ehm: I was being humorously paranoid.
ScootaChicken I will shut up...When you're in bed.
O_O
DashWithRainbows: Fun fact: I went to bed at 8:30 in the evening last night.
da faq?
heh, faq
ScootaChicken Need to go earlier than that.
It wasn't even dark yet.
What do you want a cookie?????
That_British_Guy: Ok, you! Duck the bullets over there by the machine gun! I'll just stay here, and have a smoke.:D
This chat... I don't even...
DashWithRainbows: no
ScootaChicken I haven't gone to bed at 8 since I was like 6
Go to bed at 4pm Neil.
DashWithRainbows: I don't even get back from school at 4pm ._.
DashWithRainbows That's my dad's name :D
TheRainbowDash WHO PUT YOU IN CHARGE!?
icybeauti: That's my name as well.
That_British_Guy: Umm....I am Commander Dash.
ScootaChicken lol
ScootaChicken no, your is Jennifer.
Don't lie.
cachi01: Wut?
and suddenly dari.
TheRainbowDash since when.....
DashWithRainbows: Shuddup Ash.Ley. You girl.
DAFUQ
DARI?
WUT?
lol nuthing its a movie
That_British_Guy: Actually, 3 years ago.
ScootaChicken I welcome this claim.
wat?
LIES!
WUT IS DIS SORCERY
Ohai ScootaChicken. :D
That_British_Guy: :|....you wanna go ask the other commanders and generals then?
/me salutes TheRainbowDash
IT HAS SPOKEN
July
dafuq
Mother of god...
(salutes back to Sylandest)
/me gives ScootaChicken a hug. :>
yay, derpy chat.
I haven't seen you in sooooooooooo long
>MFW buffering
TheRainbowDash: permission to be at ease, sir?
:-)
15?
Sounds good That_British_Guy. :>
Sylandest: Permission granted.
/me seems to be the only one here born in april.....
There's a yay shirt at hot topic!!
http://derpy.me/OkDo8 SO CLOSE
This chat isn't random enough...we have to go derper!
/me relaxes and goes back to essay writing
icybeauti: Truly? I would like to see this
i like to sit on my pancakes
When did he get back?
Yesterday
I haven't seen him for months.
yep.
Anotherguy: Haha. No.
Sylandest It's for girls, but here it is: http://www.hottopic.com/hottopic/Apparel/TShirts//My+Little+Pony+Fluttershy+Yay+Girls+T-Shirt-122401.jsp
My god, what did I miss yesterday
Aw.
Is this what happens when I go to bed unspeakably early?
Everything
ScootaChicken: AND YOU you were a mod. Dafuq
OtaKHAAAAAAAAAN
ScootaChicken you missed Toasties and Shosties. You should be ashamed.
PrincessDismo: he wasn't a mod
PrincessDismo: Lolwut? I was never a mod.
icybeauti: it matters not: fluttershy has made it into the realm of human fashion!
argh, curse you lag
otakhaaaan? seems legit
xd ScootaChicken was not a mod
That's the other scoot
Sylandest I know!!
u mean scoot-scootaloo
Fluttershy Broke the Fourth Wall!?
The scoots all look alike
But thats Pinkie Pie's Job!
Aircrafter: aye
cachi01: Maybe I'm Scoot-Scootaloo but disguised as a regular.
or maybe..
ScootaChicken and you're female...
Why can't Rainbow Dash break the 4th wall?
/me rips off mask
Named Jennifer.
otakon, /ns help regain ...like ghosting but changes nick automatically
I'm Wrek.
No allcaps.
Dear Lord it's the Span...
Aircrafter Fluttershy has the potential to break the fourth wall. But she just chooses not to.
ehm nice thanks
Actually no, he's online right now
So that wouldn't work
icybeauti: This can't get any better.
My god, is he ever offline? He's like the new dari or something.
Unless Rarity breaks the fourth wall....
Or Rainbow Dash...
ScootaChicken = Spanish Inquisition?
Aircrafter if you want the shirt, go to hot topic and find your size in girl's tees.
brb
Dat double kick
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
That was totally deliberate.
I was Wrecked?
Double kick all the way...... what does it mean?
Aircrafter: I tried many times now...still never works....(cries)
Boom Headshot?.....
Dken2021|Earthbound: Kicking party?:P
Dat Earthbound
otakon, nice to have in a connect script. no typing necessary.
<--- Logic Defied
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
what doesn't TheRainbowDash
I don't like this new 5 message rule.
/me loves Earthbound
one day, TheRainbowDash, one day
alexxm: I can't break that 4th wall...
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
It seems like it's been deliberately designed to piss off otakon
TheRainbowDash: Its ok. I'm here for you. You'll break it one day. -hugs-
kicking? I love kicking!
ScootaChicken :D
ScootaChicken Who wouldn't want to make something to do that?
05gona free beagle, sell mah shit
05and grab a drink
05then continue drawing my pretties
Like a Boss?
Wrek sounds good
http://fav.me/d4284sa Just tried again....did not work...:'(
hmm the player doesnt know that maxing your int at level 1 gives you a lot more skill points at level up
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
green green, I'm new at this
DashWithRainbows: I don't know.
otakon is just the lovable guy that everyone is intensely cruel to
Even the mods.
ScootaChicken: huh?
If I do get a fallout for the PC, should it be 3 or New Vegas?
ScootaChicken: Wait, what...
Dken2021|Earthbound: -you must be new here face-
Hush otakon, it's alright.
Aircrafter: Vegas
Aircrafter: new vegas is slightly better than 3
ScootaChicken: I act like a mod too here in the chat, but I'm too silly to be cruel!:)
otakon is so adorable.
/me is bored... But not in the reading mood or gaming mood.
my pony is much bigger than yours!!!!!!
ScootaChicken: Wut.
/me licks Vordox
Cruelness and silliness are two sides of the same coin.
But no Liberty Prime, though. Right?
They often cross each others paths.
05personalyl I enjoy NV more than i ever did fallout 3.
That certainly didn't help Alexxm. XD
ScootaChicken: Yay!
icybeauti will you accept happy happyism in your life?
No Liberty Prime :(
cachi01: Look at my Pony, My ponys amazing, give it a lick.
sorry Vordox
mmm it tastes just like pingas
05however the story is better IMO in F:3 compared to NV
alexxm: Licking actually is the answer to all wub problems.:P
For example, SB is a silly filly, but he also says 'moo' a lot.
Aircrafter: it tastes like rainbows
05atleast the main story
Which is racist to cows or something/
Dken2021: I will, if you accept pinkie pie as the best cupcake maker.
Aircrafter, don't ask where the friendship is made
/me licks TheRainbowDash
Though I do enjoy the FO:NV DLC more than the FO:3
Perhaps I should draw myself as a Pony just for the lols.
cachi01: With a tug of its mane, it turns into a plane, and then it turns back again when you tug on its pinkie.
alexxm: Oh my....(wingboner)...see?:D
main story maybe. but the dlc was second rate and it doesnt have near as many options as NV
ehm: .....Where is it made?
i see TheRainbowDash so can the children
I never bought a single NV DLC
icybeauti never! she isn't blue! all creatures that isn't blue are inferior!
Aircrafter, continue the lyrics :p
alexxm: eeyup.
What children? Once a brony, always a man!
Gun Runners Arsenal make the Anti-Materiel Rifle even more OP.
I did buy the GOTY version of F3 and I enjoyed all those DLCs.
i know Anotherguy
or woman
Dken2021: So you accept the smurves as your supreme ruler?
Ohh A party. Do you like it? Guess I won't show you where the Cider is made, sweet cider, yes sweet Cider.
Whee. Download still going. And will be all night I figure. XD
Blue, Blue.....
Except for that one in the virtual Snow base with all the communists. That was kind of boring.
ooooo fallout
whats up guys?
otakon any updates on your mums laptop
oh hai thisguy
thisguy your name...
alexxm: mostly working again
hey thisguy what you been up to
what was the problem otakon
playing some minecraft
OOOOOOOOOOOHHH YEAAAH i rock at COD:MW3 one in the chamber :D
alexxm: windows media player sharing was eating TONS of memory
shut it off
anotherguy my evil brother....
My shoulders are still aching from cheerleading...
right good to hear its working otakon
thisguy and Anotherguy: Wait. what///
alexxm: eeyup
idk
lol cheerleading.
New Vegas?
brb match started
Ok...:P
ScootaChicken it's a sport.
Cypresswolf: Eeyup
So the tales are true...
> Cheerleading >Sport...
Alrighty, break time for me. I'll be back later, everypony. Ya'll behave now, you hear?
AHAHAHA
icybeauti: Is it bad that I kind of find that hilarious?
Nice one.
icybeauti: I disagree, but whatever.
05grabbin' drink
looks like someone likes twilight....
Grabbin' pillz
Trufax/
whos streaming anyway? Wrek?
Guy Fucks I mean Fawkes?
15 one hit kills wrek did
i once knew a guy in high school called jack daniels
Kay, here you guys go.....http://www.varsity.com/event/1560/2012_nca_nda_allstar Go watch level 5...
wuts dat icy??????
I know a guy at school called Jack Benda.
The 'dur hur bender' jokes never get old.
I know a guy at school called Pokemon
and my brothers teacher was named captan morgan
Okay, that's a lie, they got old about a year ago.
I know a guy name Temarcus
serroisly there was a guy in my high school called jack daniels
I know someone who's middle name is Woodchurch.
i know a guy in my school called penis
That person is me.
cachi01: Now that's just a lie.
Dat Neil Woodchurch Clarke...
i call bull
ScootaChicken: xd lol
I'll be back later.
Bye all.
Later WallMaster
bye wall
cya WallMaster
Bai WallMaster
Bye WallMast-and you're gone...:D
I know a guy at school called Poopmaker. Long story.
c u
Anotherguy: Oh god...tell me...
cya pyrocatboy
/me yawns. I like it when chat's slow. It's nice and peaceful.
I knew this guy at high school who tried snorting salt once
He's from a place where tree are toilets...
alexxm: I was saying goodbye to WallMaster.
So what is Wrek drawing??
TheRainbowDash when i was in high school there was a guy called jack daniels
a pony duh
sorry pyrocatboy
alexxm: Nice...:)
-starts headbanging
That_British_Guy his next masterpiece
alexxm: 'tis okay
Herp de depidy der.
wrek whats the time zone over there
I just lost a massive song I've been working on.
Uh-oh....is the stream not working for anypony? I refreshed it 3 times now and it is still not working for me.:P
05gmt+1
the phrase FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF- doesn't begin to describe.
k
The stream seems a bit finnicky today
'this program is not responding'
CAN YOU NOT RESPOND AFTER I'VE SAVED? ;___;
SB64 u there
ScootaChicken the song broke up with you...
seems okay for me i still hear music and see a blue ponies feet
alexxm: same here
me too
ditto
...
Tudulum
moving
Good my chat didn't derp...
/me bursts into flames
/me hates the derping chat
tudulum
/me pets TheRainbowDash
Oh shit I have to study Spanish...I'll do it later
alexxm: (is petted again):P
Soo who here is going to play the GW2 beta this weekend?
Dat procrastination Anotherguy
-starts biting everybody-
don't have it PrinceNero
Nothing I can do bout it...
Speaking of Procrastination...
http://imgur.com/Z9UW8
/me shows pyrocatboy the magic of duct tape
OmegaMetroidBrony: That Lyra, best procrastinator ever.:D
05nope
05time for smooth music
http://i.imgur.com/SnySg.jpg
-eats the duct tape-
tudulum
For some odd reason I have procrastinate as a vocab word...
So I drew that
/me fires netgun into chat
-eats the net-
OmegaMetroidBrony Good thing u did
/me is trapped in the net
/me and eaten
tudulum
/me releses Jim
Great, now I want brownies
We are all here, Jim
Oh wait
4/20 was last week Jim
I get these cravings whenever I'm trapped in a net
am i hearing portal 2 music?
BTW Emulators are an excellent way to procrastinate.
/me releses Jim from net
-eats Jim again-
Emulators?
/me noms brownies
tudulum
Prating games pretty much
*Pirating
Kirby Super Star for the SNES is awesome
05,15If you try to put off a Biology project to the last minute...you're going to have a bad time
lol
That feeling fluttercry
13well fluttercry... i guess it's time you broke the...
Oh emulators. I dig them
I'll save that wisdom for next year
/me 13lowers her glasses
13mold
1,3good afternoon everypony :)
YEAAAAH
05,15YEAAAAAAAH
hai kirzstryfe
YYYYEEEEEAAAHHHHHHH!
if you dont hvae a case on your phone..your gonna have a bad time
Afternoon kirz
have*
hey kirzstryfe hows your day been
Afternoon kirzstryfe.
1,3just got home from work >.<
JRP2234[OVER9001]: I had a case on my phone. I broke it when I dropped it :D
05,15But really, how am I going to make a presentation on Uranium mining...WHAT DOES THAT HAVE TO DO WITH BIOLOGY?
hows was work kirzstryfe
lol Siblings > Phone Case
oh god... I LOVE WHISKEY!
WATSUP GUYS
fluttercry Bribe?
heya Rocklobster
hai
fluttercry: Uranium kills stuff. That's biological, right?
;~; I'm tried, Time for sleep.
hey Rocklobster hows your day been
Night PrincessDismo... Don't let the Shapelings bite...?
perhaps exmaine the effects on the local ecosystem fluttercry
...
I made you a bass, but I dropped it :3
fluttercry heres what you do.. you dont lessen to my shitty advice and yell the word banana a couple 100 times
been great rose my F iin mathto a d-
TUDULUM
OmegaMetroidBrony: What's a shapeling? :O
cya PrincessDismo
...
good to hear Rocklobster
Changling? or something
05,15Oh what's this? Just my BASS CANNON
-Sobs-
X Parasites...
:|
/me cleans the dishes with wubs
its my stfu cannon
/me hugs Blue_Leaf what the matter
whos streaming
Rocklobster: Wrek, me thinks
It beith Wrek
-Sniffs- I had a horrible day at school today. :(
05,15Oh god...I opened up IE by accident
:D
NOOOOoooo!
I use that.
what happened Blue_Leaf
/me hugs Blue_Leaf
fluttercry: Cya in 20 minutes when it's done loading
Why you have IE in the first place that's suspicious
waty IE
It's there by default I guess
*suddenly the internet crashes from the use of a single IE user*
05,15had to get chrome and firefox from somewhere
oh
True dat
internet explorer
uhmm true
IT SUCKS
Embarrasment, tardyness, NYS tests, and sadness.
What's wrong with IE?
Internet Explorer: Only used to get a better browser
lets see how long this last
Just a very, very crappy browser
I use it.
Nothing happened
/me hugs Blue_Leaf hope it gets better for you tormorow
IE is slow as molasses, has security holes and JUST NOW got the ability to host addons.
Get Firefox or Chrome
05>nothing happened
/me uses Firefox
05hah, good one.
You should test out other browsers, like Firefox, Chrome or Opera, they are way faster
05gotta use that sometime
alexxm: Thankies -Hugs back- :)
or safari
/me uses Google Chrome
Safari? Meh tier
don't worry about it Blue_Leaf
hmm
I used firefox, but it fucked my social life
/me is in luv with google chrome
Howdy y'all.
hai Everlasting_Joy
WELL HOWDY
Heya Everlasting_Joy
hey Everlasting_Joy hows your day been
Hola Everlasting_Joy
GDI Why do I suck at tabbing?
How does using firefox fuck your social life?
alexxm: You don't know how bad it was. Everyone thought I had a crush on the STUPIDEST person on the bus1
Uumm details are...secret
!*
Jim no thats facebooks job to buck people over
^
Hello Jim, OmegaMetroidBrony, alexxm, RobertRevenge.
alexxm: don't ask how I've been. It ain't pretty.
damn Blue_Leaf
facebook steals yur social life
Facebook just makes people pseudo-social rather than actually going out and doing things with people
u r in facebok?
alexxm: Yea.
ok Everlasting_Joy i ask that to everyone
facebook knows and owns all of ur info now
I have facebook. Forgot why.
Everlasting_Joy: xd
05time for some neat music
alexxm: I know, I'm just making you aware :).
OOMG UI LOVE THIS SONG
ok sorry Everlasting_Joy
alexxm don't worry about it ;).
so have we streamed my name is earl
wtb a bride, willing to barter multiple items.
i love this song buti forgot the band.... pink floyd???
05actually
05ill do like this
can we talk about all the peanuts that run this world to shit
I gtg, I need to go sob somewhere else.
what JRP2234
peanuts
Peanuts
/me is drinking whiskey on the rocks, like a baws
peanuts
Byes..
hey all
Farewell Blue_Leaf.
Peanuts? What world are you in?
PEAAAAAAAAAAANUTS
/me drinks water on the rocks
hi xmasskills
our PM is a peanut
hope you fell better Blue_Leag
Howdy xmasskills.
hope you fell better Blue_Leaf
ohai xmasskills
/me drinks Petrified_Discord with water.
hey xmasskills hows your day been
Midnight_Tempest explodes.
Hello hello everyone!
alexxm: boring and yours?
huzzah! *explodes*
Hola Steedius
Oh hai Steedius
05there ya go
hey Steedius hows your day been
elective promis no carbontax the very next year she introduced it
good xmasskills
dat Twilight Themed Computer
It's been fantastic haha. How about you guys?
YS I KNOW IT WAS PINK FLOYD
oh, pulse again... AWESOME!
:D
Wrek knows what good music is
i've been good Steedius
alexxm: good good exelent
Well that's good to hear, alexxm!
who takes a book to a concert?
Twilight would
Smart people
xmasskills: twilight
twilight
Concerts for dummies.
lol
our pm is one of the biggest buckwits in this world
I would. You don't need to stare at a band to listen to them.
ooh is the concert just beginning?
05hope you enjoyed my art/gaming stream for Wednesday 25/4. as a finisher I bring you Pink floyd, live at earls court 1994.
yay
Thanks for streaming
05the WHOLE
05concert
...
oh the year after i was born
all 2 hours
Is that legal, Wrek? <<
05im above the law
Oh the year I was dead...
Thanks Wrek, I wub you and all those other silly filly mods
05cause i live in sweden
05muthafuckas!
I am, da law.
Vänta, du skojar? NO WAY! :P
you betrayed da law
Where do you live? <.<
Wrek: WE WANT 99.6 PERCENT OF IT AND THATS OUT FINAL OFFER!
Wrek: no one is above the law exept for batman
LAWWWWWW
1994, the year one of my favorite games was released
05I AM THE BAMAN
05anyways
LAAAAG!
barman?
whos baman
Wrek is the hero Gotham deserves.
:D all the "Judge Dredd" references.
05Vordox: chilla i hörnet medans jag tar en tupplur
Wut
Wrek is the mod of life.
No prob, Wrek. Maybe later then.^.-
/me falls to knees "Oh, Cruel Cruel Lag! Why? Why? WHyyyyyyy?!"
^
Well buffiering...
what concert is this?
/me pushes at fabric.
Pink Floyd
our PM is so corrupted
/me Smashes King DeDeDe with a hammer
ahehem
oh noes... buffering circle of doom has struck me
buffering my mortal enemy
We meet again
BURN IT WITH FIRE
Darling Do was the hero ponyville deserves not the one they need
´Darling?
/me fires a charged Diffusion Missile at the buffering circle.
05ill jsut do a clean stream restart in case
DARINGDO
FU
FUUUUUUUUUUU
Hey darling...lol
buffering is just snake caught in an infinite loop
whos darling doo cachi01
OH GOD WHY?
Daring Do*
Hi Everypony! brohooves! /)/)/)!
/me Why did you bring back those HORRID memories?
hai Biglaw
(\
phase
hey Biglaw hows your day been
Day has been good :D
Howdy Biglaw.
hi Biglaw (\
hi Biglaw
hai Biglaw
05better?
also, hai mario_pony
Biglaw Wrek said he was above you.
hi Jim
?
wrek why is my country run by one of the biggest buckwits?
hey mario_pony hows your day been
Anotherguy what?
00,10Do we need to embed swap again?
alexxm: good how about yours?
there we go... buffering circle has been defeated once more
05restarted the stream
05,15WHY DO PEOPLE KEEP BANNING ME IN BF3!?
05if its still there now we'll switch
He said "I'm above law"
fluttercry wtf do u do?
fluttercry because you're too good
1,3because you play BF3
fluttercry are you kicking their ass?
BF3 sheesh i cant take it seriously
Biglaw: wrek said hes above the law
fluttercry: cause reasons
They mad fluttercry, evidentally you're too much of a badass
Anotherguy /)_-/)
alexxm: ohh i love when it rains
xmasskills yes he is
05,15I don't even get to do anything, I just join, then banned
Exactly, too badass for them
FlutterCry: Because your name is based on Fluttershy and instead of shooting at you, they kick you. :(
anypony up for l4d2
05i think tis becasue you're playign bf3 fluttercry
server overload perhaps fluttercry
its cause they are all anti-brony fluttercry...
05now
05is the stream working, yes or no
L4D2 sounds Cool, Bronysith.^^
00,10still geting the buffer shuffel
fluttercry they cannot withstand the intense amount of D'aawww your name brings
eeeyup Midnight_Tempest
no buffering now
05,15My name on Xbox isn't fluttercry though. and my guess is people are using the servers to grind
wrek did you even press start
there is alot of buffering coming and going Wrek
Wrek: the stream is working for me
05lets switch then
no buffering for me Wrek
fluttercry: some noobs cant stand getting PWNED i their own servers and they ban you
They are 6 year old. Because I say so
wrek we all have 30000mps internet
BRB playing COD
i want flutter to stream:'(
Codfish?
enjoy pink floyd ENJOY IIIIIIIIIIT
I would join gaming if I had my new laptop
Hai Guys :p
hai Deadlypon3
Feeling sick right now ^^'
hai
and now the buffering seems to be gone... odd
00,10go ahead and refresh pages
Floooyyyd
hey Deadlypon3 hows your day been
Deadlypon3 So you seek our help
LimeV now
...I seek Poneh's healing help :P
dat Lime V
Boring, frustrating...stuuufs
dat chat
chat dat
Deadlypon3 i know the cure take a salt table!!
So mesmorising
so whos streamin
Dat british drummer..
/me pokes Deadlypon3 in the stomach with a foam finger
A salt table....?
tablet*
you saw that to Jim
You want it? It's yours my friend, as long as you have enough bronies.
i had a spoof
FFFFFFFfffffff
05that should hopefulyl work
NaCl?
Oh my god...that drum set...:O
Works fine now
It be workin
Anotherguy: Oi. . . :).
Well for me anywats
my little shoe : shoes is shoes
Dealypon3: i meant salt tablet
SHINEEE ON ME
*anyways
FUUUUUUUUUU 2nd place in one in the chamber
Sure, SURE
05oh well
Honey, what do you think of my new shoes?
05ENJOY
You are a chair, darling.
i want grenade lol\
Jim: I HAVE DREAMS
ENJOY THE CIRCLE OF BUFFERING
im so bored
Good thing I have Kirby
I'm not sure why, but I've gotten myself convinced that in MLP a Vampire would be called Vampony. Not sure why... 6_9
Wait, what..
05Anotherguy: hit the blue refresh
/me licks JRP2234
Oh
i request you play grenade after song Wrek|Observing
05next tiem dont be so fuckign rude
05Rocklobster: this is the whole concert
Meh
so.... yea http://derpy.me/yTP9Q
...
you killed me
Dken2021: Dear god :D
i request scorpions
Hey Wrek|Observing who is your favorite artist?
Dem Derpy's Dken2021
Damn that would be awesome
trippy
Dken2021 I just don't know what went wrong. . .
05I have none, but I have a range of top teir
Wait, is the plural of Derpy Derpies?
Multitasking Bronystate and Artifact Assault is actually pretty easy :)
Jim Derpi
oh that sexy guitar and saxophone...
Derpians
no it would be derpies
And do they travel in herds or in packs?
or perhaps a flock?
packs
/me licks TheRainbowDash
herdpacks
Jim Flacks
Jim: A murder
alexxm: Oh...oh my..
DOOO SHINE On MEEE
Like a murder of crows, I see
Jim: well they hunt their muffin prey with a pack mentality
y'ello everyone :)
a muffin search unit Jum
shines on Deadlypon3
wait the websites offline?
Hello QT_Marks! (waves)
whats going on
hiya QT_Marks
a muffin search unit Jim
hi QT_Marks
hey QT_Marks
Muffin Search Unit, I like it
oh now its fixxed
hey QT_Marks hows your day been
lali-ho QT_Marks
ohai QT_Marks
So, everypony, where does Pink Floyd land on the greatest bands of all time list?
BRB OIC match in cod
TheRainbowDash: 4
Close to the top TheRainbowDash
my little labar: corruption is magic
(the band that is playing right now on the stream)
alexxm: just woke up :) working 3rd shift is blegh :(
for me 4
GDI I hate exploding coconuts >_<
The best of the best are The Beatles
HELL NAW BIGLAW
05for me its 2
Oh crap my day is over AND I DID NOTHING PRODUCTIVE. Like always.
bye all
bye Anotherguy
i slept for 24 hours
cachi01 seriously? they've sold over a billion units
See ya Anotherguy.
Anotherguy: http://i.imgur.com/SnySg.jpg
cya Anotherguy
bye Anotherguy
C U Anotherguy
lol
sells doesnt mean its good
05also thats a huuuge drumset
so true Jim
11.•10«11WB10 (Drake10) 11WB10»11•. 10- As long as you clean up after him then sure
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
Wrek|Observing: I think that Neil Pert from Rush has the biggest drum set though, right?
i beleive it was because they dident have a double kick
Well gootta GO
Will be back
bai Deadlypon3
...ONE DAY
Bye Deadlypon3! (kisses you)
Wrek|Observing now, drum battle between pink floyd's drummer and Neil Peart
bye Deadlypon3
lol the 360 degree drumset
is the sound out of sync for anyone else?
bai dea--oh
Zephyr nope
Pink Floyd?
im back and i have toast!!!! :$:):$:D
C U Deadlypon3
Biglaw: Neil would obviously win that battle.:)
Welcome back That_British_Guy! (waves) And give me some toast!
welcome back That_British_Guy, and hope you enjoy that
best band is orblack sabath or iron maiden or judas priest or van halen
hi That_British_Guy
Toast for everypont?
TheRainbowDash I salute thee ^3^/)
Jim: do you have any muffins?
mmm... whiskey/pepsi mix... very nice... *is totally gonna be drunk tonight*
FFFFFUUUUUUUU I derped!
(salutes Biglaw back)
cachi01 i saw van halen live last thursday it was so AWEOSME /)^3^(\
I did, but I ate them :3
/me gives toast to TheRainbowDash
Bronysith: i envy you!!1}
/me hates it when he has to go back to being a Zeta
That_British_Guy: Thanks! Toast to everypony actually!:)
curse you Jim!!!
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFf
i saw opeth in the royal albert hall a couple of years ago
Lucky
laptop why u so powerfull yet your battery life is like shitastic
lets have a TOAST pun intended
cachi01 dont be envious lol i couldnt hear a thing for 2 days
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
sitting right next to the damn amps cachi01
Tom NOT ACCEPTABLE
lol same happened when i went to watch iron maiden
next new episode is mmmmmmm now
okay this is odd.....there we go
Hello everypony!
i was in the moshpit for the opeth concert i was there with my dad and uncle
heya phobos2390
Hi phobos2390
Hello phobos2390! (waves)
hello phobos2390
hai phobos2390
lali-ho phobos2390
hey phobos2390 hows your day been
good
why the hell arnt there metroid parodys?
/me bakes muffins
JRP2234: no idea
I am back and I have Potato Patties :)
/me gives ivisiblexmas cider
-eats Jim-
JRP2234 probably the same reason why no one did a streets of rage parody yet
Damn RIGHT THERE AREN'T ANY
/me destorys muffins
/me is eaten o_o
Bronysith: does the cider have alchol
i was in the moshpit for the opeth concert in the royal albert hall i was there with my dad and uncle
just came back, how far are we in the concert?
RD would make an Excellent Samus
Has anypony heard any news about season 3?
ivisiblexmas no
ekips: Two songs in
ZetaMetroidBrony: Aww yeah!
nice, and I just came for one of my favourites !
none yet phobos2390
phobos2390 a brony at my school told me it airs on the 19th of Sept
Bronysith: good cause alcohol really puts me in the murder zone
00,10I wonder if we can make tom less polite in his responce as time goes on
phobos2390 all that's known is that 13 episodes has been made
Ok
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
Tom the Jerk
oi drf
when did season 2 end?
Stupid Tom
Last Saturday
/me gives Bronysith a freshly baked muffin
season 1
i apparently now have a PS3 with SACD & PS2 playback
last saturday
i needs a voice acting job
Chuck Norris can listen to every Pink Floyd song in an hour
season 1
ty ivisiblexmas
grandma "what is it?"
phobos2390, it's confirmed that there will be s3. Discord is going to be at it again, McCarthy is going to be in charge, Polsky will write for it and there are only going to be 13 episodes
Oh um... idk
I mean when did season 1 end?
a game machine
00,10especaly when people keep poking him even though they know the answere
"to do what?"
I'm not sure when s1 ended
play music
/me gives TheRainbowDash cider
"like audio casettes?"
03XD
nonono
RainbowAsh only 13 episodes?!?!?
!cake
phobos2390, I guess s1 ended around april, too
discs
Magnets, how do they work?
Miracles I tell you
-eats alexxm-
RainbowAshe where did you get this info
alexxm: Thanks!:)
Biglaw there are 2 studios, each doing 13 episodes
my face when im not paying attention and i thought i heard 'in a world of magnets'
ivisiblexmas, ponychan mostly
13 known has been made already, there might be more made later
crap i haz to go
and some equestria daily.
oookaaay I thought only 13 episodes in a season 0_o
slender man
Hello.
C U JRP
kenne88: Such a world...how does it fucking work?
RainbowAsh: are you sure the info is correct?
cya JRP2234
Petrified_Discord: i dont even know, probably miracles
dat surreal imagery
Ok, according to mlp.wikia, the best night ever aired on may 6, 2011
Dken2021: 13 episodes are being made by a different group of artists, there will still be 26 episodes
So that is only a few weeks off.
what i heard was the 13 was just what was signed for in advance, that it could go up
my little shoes: shoes are shoes
I know
hey Ouroboros hows your day been
its only to finish the episodes sooner
I just hope the artwork remains consistant.
Ok thanks alexxm, I hope likewise.
these shoes are made for walkin
No doubt it will. They're not about to do the concept art all over again.
If they pull the same stunt they did last time, it looks like season 3 will begin around the same time season 2 will begin.
l
What day was bronystate started?
Well it DOES say 2012-2013, so it has to begin sometime in that time period
the trippiness has been doubled!
so sometime like september or august this year.
I just know that Season 3 will be great
Probably will be
Biglaw heres a life lesson NEVER EAT BROWNIES before going to a pink floyd show
lol
Season 3: "20% Cooler or your bits back."
Bronysith why?
ivisiblexmas, as far as I know these infos are backed by some more or less secure sources. The McCarthy and Discord ones are quite official I think, there were official tweets that mentioned 13 as the numbers of episodes and some studio webpage also listed that they would only work on that number
Biglaw: you know why
I like the feeling I get when I listen to Pink Floyd
Okay everypony, got any suggestions for what I can draw?
Now that we're done with season 1, what's everypony's thoughts on season 2?
ivisiblexmas, about Polsky I am not quite that sure, but I heard it numerous times
Biglaw: Lonely changeling?
Biglaw um celestia stabbing discord with her horn
-_-
Bronysith: :|
i thought season 2 was good phobos2390
ello
Season 1 stayed in ponyville and you got more of a slice of life, while season 2 was more broad.
Bronysith: Kinky?
CECH C02 model, has SACD logo on the side
why u guys up to
CupcakeWarrior wait wat
And was more character driven
Everything and nothing at the same time.
any OTHER suggestions?
Biglaw: A purple pooping people eater?
RainbowAsh: Thanks for info
phobos2390, in my opinion, the best episodes of season 2 were better than the best of season 1 and the worst of season 2 weren't as bad as season one either. But s1 has a more solid middle field.
Celestia couldn't beat the power of love, what makes anypony think she could beat the power of CHAOS? She didn't even bucking TRY!
is this pink floyd
ivisiblexmas, you're welcome ^^
Just watching the concert makes me feel high
/me gives TheRainbowDash a stomach rub
alexxm: I....won't take the wrong way now...:D
Is twilight learning this concert?
But ok!
what TheRainbowDash
alexxm: Nothing, really.
The concert os Twi's imagination
is*
ok TheRainbowDash
WHOO! IM FEELING TIPSY ALREADY! ^__^ *dances around*
She's reading Concerts for Dummies
twi has the best imagination
RainbowAsh: Season 2 has a broader reach and had more individual character episodes. Season 1 stuck with ponyville.
Nah, Twilight is too much of a goody-goody to go to a concert :D
"Did you say DRUGS?!"
03wait, you found a SACD one?
dat EQD banner
RainbowAsh: not that it was a bad thing
2ohai Drake
I need to go.
Bye Everlasting_Joy! (kisses you)
Carry on, Everlasting_Joy
Chat just got 20% less joyful
yes?
bai everl- he's gone
phobos2390, they did do some travel outside of ponyville in s1 as well. I actually disliked the episodes that centered on a single character without giving her a side character to interact with, i.e. Read it and weep and baby cakes.
03so you have two PS3s now?
the point of buying a PS3 is ONLY for SACD
i sold off the other one to my friend yesterday
03yeah for me it's to play Blu-Rays + linux
03oh
I liked Read it and Weep a lot
im going guys see u later :)
i like Baby cakes
thx for the pink floyd stream
cya cachi01
seeya cachi01
(ripping them, hence FW 3.55-, linux, etcetc)
03is yours old firmware?
anyone else here wanna get drunk with me?
2I plan on getting a PS3 for Final Fantasy on one disk and HD Rayman
me midnight
apparently so
03LOL BUYING CONSOLES JUST FOR ONE GAME
03and nice
03good find :P
sure Midnight_Tempest
i would but when i get drunk i get murdery
2and Blu-Ray
i'm buying a console for ZERO games
beatthat!
RainbowAsh: Season 1 stuck with ponyville more than Season 2. We had Best Night Ever and the elements of harmony. I don't consider the everfree forest outside of the realm of ponyville.
03now go rip me SACDs
03I don't use mine for games
03but yeah I do use it to play Blu-Rays
and sonic rainboom phobos2390
>tells me to rip SACDs
Merc_Xephos and alexxm: go get yourself some drinks than, cause the whiskey im drinking is mine alone. sorry.
Alexxm: Yeah, that too
>?doesn't even play my surround mixes
>MFW
phobos2390, s1 also had Appleosa, Cloudsdale and Manehattan
03OK so I tried that replaygain thing
03it works a BIT better than straight
03but still has oddities
And S2 had...well, they never said.
*gets vodka* lets drink!
and the rock farm RainbowAsh
03also is the replaygain stored in the track itself or only in the Winamp library?
Any chance of showing the new Avatar series at some point?
/me downs beer
track i?
yes! *toasts Merc_Xephos*
03yeah track, not album
alexxm, that one was on the outskirts of ponyville though, to be fair
03because they're all different albums
/me drinks beer and becomes sober
*drinks vodka*
03I used a VM with the newer Winamp
Goddamit
1,3had a customer at work today, moved just like a boomer from L4D2, even made the noises >.<
there is a new avatar series?!
also note no volume analysis algorithm is prefect.
was that ever confirmed RainbowAsh
*gets drunk*
alexxm, Pinkie said so
i beleiove most RG ones use the old RMS
Dear lord Kirz
kirzstryfe: Did he barf all over the place?
03well it's better than nothing
03but I still have to fix More and More due to >really quietintro
Ohai kirz, that sucks
03+space
i don't rember that RainbowAsh
And then a bunch of other customers flooded the store.
Yes :) legend of korra
there are newer ones like loudness and perceived loudness which may use weighting curves
I just realized something: come the end of summer when everyone is bummed, the bronies shall rejoice, for Ponies are returning.
ugh i think i see a bird *shoots M4A1 randomly and hits Midnight_Tempest*
1,3lol, thankfully no, but he waddled just like the boomer, and when he though nobody was around he made that urrrp'ing sound they make just before they spew
and even then, it probably isn't perfect, because when i compare volumes of songs, i might not even be actually listening to the song overall
maybe i'm latching onto the vocal levels
...
love this song =D
Merc_Xephos: Nuu... *is shot in the back*
Not sure if Laughable or disturbed
you sure he wasn't cosplaying kirzstryfe
Petrified_Discord: What? Why will everyone be bummed?
There we go...
03I usually focus on the first note you hear
ugh surry
03since that kinda determines if it's too loud or not
kirzstryfe: mabye he was a fan of the game
Its set 40-50 years after Anngs time, Korra being the next incarnation. Looks like it's got potential.
03even if it gets quieter/louder later on
1,3lol
alexxm, around 16:07 in the chronicles she says "My sisters and I were raised on a rock farm outside of Ponyville"
XD kirzstryfe... i think we have been playing too much L4D2
03if it's naturally getting louder during the song it's less noticeable than just right in your face loud note
phobos2390: I'm operating under the assummption that people like summer and dislike school. Honestly I hate the summer tho, so...idk. :)
They've broadcast the first 3 episodes so far.
-eats Midnight_Tempest-
1,3no we haven't, let's play more :p
pyrocatboy: noooo! bad kitty!
Midnight_Tempest i dont think weve been playing enough
XD
kirzstryfe eeyup
Petrified_Discord: I don't know whether I will hate the return of school or not.
kirzstryfe and Bronysith: ive been drinking... so if we play today, its gonna be awesome... more awesome than usual
i thought that meant not near ponyville RainbowAsh
-eats Bronysith-
Merc_Xephos, I got a fine irish single malt over here. :9
1,3heeh
*shoots malt*
/me burps
/me cuts pyrocatboy s stomach open with a lightsaber
http://arstechnica.com/science/news/2012/04/thinking-in-foreign-language-makes-decisions-more-rational.ars
i hate malt
Oh nothing special, just MAH BASS CANNON!!!!!!
/me tackles and strangle Merc_Xephos. 'No one shoots the booze!'
alexxm, I think "outside" signifies the nearest point of reference. It's not in Ponyville, but it's the closest town
Midnight_Tempest awesome we should play as soon as jake gets on
dat update
Dat update
00,10lol fire fox
also drf
Midnight_Tempest or when we find somebrony else
*stabs Midnight_Tempest*
Merc_Xephos, and I can't stand the taste of vodka
03yes?
after the update firefox crashed twice so far :3
are there any HDMI/component to VGA/DVI converters
and how much do they usuallly go for?
I would join L4D2, but I'm going to bed now
/me has chrome
03HDMI to DVI
Hey, does anypony here have c++ experience?
1) Open Firefox 12 2) Check email 3) Close Firefox 23
So G'night Bronystate
03that's it I think
/me cuts Bronysith in half with lightsabre
Ohai everypony :3
03because HDMI is digital
/me hugs everpony :3
phobos2390, some.
03VGA/component aren't
Oh nothing special, just MAH BASS CANNON!!!!!!
2bbl
vodka is delicious and oh noes... i been stabbed... *dies*
03yoiu can get component to VGA
Jim: bye
/me is wary of all these bass cannons in the chat...
03and uh, well monoprice has them for a few bucks but I dunno about NZ
-eats Midnight_Tempest's corpse-
xmasjedi you fool no jedi can defeat a sith let alone the Bronysith
RainbowAsh: could you tell me how I would initialize an array of pointers to null?
*stabs Petrified_discord*
hey Tarku hows your day been
xmasjedi alrdy 20% then normal sith
I'm really enjoying the 27% of the concert
C# and Java do that automatically.
/me 's corpse explodes in pyrocatboy's stomach
Merc_Xephos: OH GOD OW
oh man i love looking at browser updates
charge your ping cannons
Hey Twi, can you update Wrek's firefox?:D
*stabs everypony*
-'s stomach rumbles-
/me turns Merc_Xephos into a chicken
O.o
/me hugs mario_pony
lol... dat update... DOWN IN FRONT UPDATE YOU MESSIN' WITH DA VIDJA!
Bronysith: well i have the power of xmas and jedi mind tricks so you lose im 20% more jedi than your sith
-activates the BASS CANNONS-
*turns into a pony again*
/me hugs phobos2390
phobos2390, there is some shortcut in the language as far as I remember, but I don't know how exactly it works. You can just use a for loop, though
dat firefox
/me noms on Midnight_Tempest
yaay~ i got a fluttershy skin on steam!!
STAB TIME *stabs everypony again*
13out for food, back later ponies
what are we even watching here
Update to Firefox 12.0, dammit!
xmasjedi but your mind tricks only work on the weak minded while the sith have the strongest minds in the universe
/me force shocks xmasjedi
Bai Shizu
Also, hey everypony!
/me drinks kirzstryfe
cya Shizuka
lol update
/me cries in agony
Merc_Xephos: http://e621.net/post/show/174850
hey Calcos323 hows your day been
RainbowAsh: Hmm...would that be it? I tried it and it growled at me.
xmasjedi it doesnt have to end like this i do not follow the dark side
*stabs Bronysith
allo Calcos323
alexxm: I'm trying to find short, horrible fanfiction for a panel I'm running at Portcon
/me parrys the attack
*stabs again*
Bronysith: Repost! REPOST!
/me uses the Force to retrieve lightsabre and cuts off Bronysiths hands
xmasjedi i walk in the path of revan the true balance of the force
Sith are best force warriors while the Jedi are most disciplined... if only they had worked together for the greater good
*riposte
/me force chokes xmasjedi
phobos2390, if your array is called "a" and has the size s, you can just write for(int x=0; x<s; x++) a[s]=NULL;
*stabs Bronysith again and shoots his head*
dem maths are hurting mah brains
Fuck yeah coding and knives in the chat
/me deflects all attacks by Merc_Xephos
OBJECTION
phobos2390, for(int x=0; x<s; x++) a[x]=NULL; // not s in the [] of course ^^;
/me uses last breath spit in Bronysiths face "suck it"
Wow, programming looks really hard 0_0
/me can't believe people are trying to have a physical fight in IRC
-|===> *throws at Bronysith*
jedi do not attack first because they believe to use the force in DEFENSE and knowledge
RainbowAsh: don't go confusin me with yur fancy mathematics
i'm confused about what you guys are talking about
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/funny-facebook-fails-crafty.png
Calcos323: Physical? Son, this is a KNIFE FIGHT!
xmasjedi IS NO JEDI AT ALL
Petrified_Discord: Your logic astounds me
/me ghostxmas
what's with the stabbing Merc_Xephos?
KNIFE -|==>
if anyone wants to randomly add me on Skype, my name is the same as it is here... Midnight_Tempest... MORE BOOZE FOR ME!
Bronysith: Impressive, most impressive...but you are no Poni yet...
Cello Val
CupcakeWarrior, if I would start learning to code today, I wouldn't get into c++ anymore either. I hear python is much simpler. But once you got the basics down it is not all that hard.
I love this song ~.~
2,14 hello LunatheBeloved
*stabs Bronysith again*
ohai ValtheJean
How are you?
Bronysith: of course i wasnt i was just a distraction
Ohai Val
RainbowAsh: Thanks. I'm good with java and c#, but c++ is a different beast
good day to you ValtheJean, how are you?
2,14 hello Dken, Cupcake
ValtheJean what should I draw?
/me force neck snaps Merc_Xephos
o/
2,14 Luna/Midnight: I'm fine, how about you?
CupcakeWarrior: Yeah, it traditionally goes Python, Java, then C++
Hi everypony :)
lali-ho Bobeh
2,14 Biglaw: what do you want to draw?
I HAVE NO NECK *stabs Bronysith again*
welcome back Bobeh
So Python is the easiest?
I'm doing fine thanks :)
sweet mother of god
CupcakeWarrior: Absolutely
ValtheJean I'm at an artist's block
i checked the brony spread map
i was :o
ValtheJean: I am very chipper, have a fine whiskey in my hand and good music to go with it.
Merc_Xephos dont you see how futile this is to attack a sith i did not start this fight nor did i claim i was on the dark side
night guys
nighty alexxm
I was like jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj
I even found myself on the map pony_949 :3
Night alexxm
I LIKE STABBIN
G'nigh alexxm
ekips: me too
Merc_Xephos: Never would have guessed
*stabs Bronysith*
fool Merc_Xephos
Bronysith:you asked me to join the dark side and killed me so im assuming your evil\
and there is ONE other brony in my area, I just HAVE to find him/her :D
phobos2390, with c++ you might also want to have a look at the standard libraries. There are handy templates to make lists that are often easier to use than templates. Or, especially if you want to make windows programs, you could try a framework like qt, which also offers many more functions.
im one in argentina
ghostxmas i asked you to walk the path of REVAN not the light or dark side of the force
/me fights Merc_Xephos with http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-pony-fighting-styles.jpg
phobos2390, easier to use than arrays I mean
OMG shit is going down on /b/
weaponized adorablness
CCCP, more than usual?
STABZ *stabs Bronysith YET again*
RainbowAsh: yes
XD dat weaponized adorableness
what's going on CCCP
CCCP whats happening?
/me breaks Merc_Xephos s weapon
u know what never mind
Party Cannon is best Multi-Use Weapon Tool
*takes out another*
Aircrafter eeyup
/me walks away in a trench coat
theres a brony in Siberia :3
STABZ* stabs AGAIN*
Merc_Xephos: Okay, this has gone on QUITE enough :[
/me breaks all of Merc_Xephos s weapons and bones
I just learned a Brony lives in the houses just across the street.....
Pinkie's nose is a party cannon, she sneezes confetti
:(
Bronysith: i wasnt on either side of the force i was trying to give you a polite greeting slash
i have a brony 500km away from my home
:(
Merc_Xephos: Daaaaaaaaaw...
-wondering whether or not I should track them down-
MY KNIFE :'(
ghostxmas so you attacked a sith... a force sensitive being... for greeting... WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU no wonder you were weak
:( :'(
Sith are best evil Pony...
What the fuck is going on on /b/, most threads have >700 posts :O
Dat Firefox update.
Hi guys
I have been making alot of 11 year olds into Bronies. Your welcome.
:'(
Hey FlareChaser.
hai fluttercry
"Dear Princess Celestia, Today I learned that Bronysith can break all of Merc_Xephos's knives and bones. Your faithful student, Twilight Sparkle."
er... FlareChaser
05,15hm what?
*takes out RPG* NAO YOU PAY
Aircrafter not evil i am a revanite
*fires rocket*
fluttercry accidental ping, sorry
Merc_Xephos: Oh no you don't! http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-gtbo.gif
I wonder what SB64 is doing....
05,15right, back to my cave
Oh yeah. Firefox 12 is out.
/me reflects the rpg with more lightning power back to Merc_Xephos
there are about 11 bronies in Argentina
im happy :D
*doges*
00,10Bobeh that sounds kinda pedo
i found im not alone
*fires another rocket*
Sumica: ..Yeah kind of.
Bronysith: on my planet the casual greeting is with slashes im impervious to all slashing and hacking anything sharp to but my species main weakness is our very weak necks
RainbowAsh: thanks for helping, I need to learn the entire language before the beginning of the school year so I can take a data structures and algorithms class at the same time as an object oriented programming class.
/me breaks Merc_Xephos weapons and EVERYTHING and decapitates him
Time to play WoW kids!
*takes out a pie*
*eats pie*
/me petrifies Merc_Xephos's head
/me is victorious
PIE HEALED MEH
Merc_Xephos: How you gonna breathe with a head of stone, son?
*throws pie at Bronysith*
/me uses the force to eat the pie
Meanwhile isn't here? :(
I CHANGED IT BAKZ
/me spits out the drugs
Merc_Xephos: I call bullshit :D
hey Bronysith want to help me find my planet
TASTE MEH MUFFIN GUHN! *shoots muffins at Bronysith*
One does not simply ATTAIN transformation powers
ghostxmas you mean THIS ONE
/me uses his homemade death star to blow up ghostxmas s planet
phobos2390, since you already know java, you should be fine. Just remember to always delete the memory you assigned with new.
I AM MORE THAN A MERC, GUN DEALER, ROYAL GUARD!
i also a wizard
Merc_Xephos: Not a sentence, but cool
Bronysith: wow dude i thought you weren't evil...:(
RainbowAsh: and remember semicolons, always remember the semicolons.
after a class
Very well then, Merc_Xephos...WIZAAAAAARD BATTLEEEEEEEEE
ghostxmas the planet inhabitated evil beings with the power to destroy the universe I HAD TO
no
c++ seems to be the symbol language.
Merc_Xephos: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sab9rU38A-g
no wizard battle
Java is a parentheses language
has no clue what we are doing.
phobos2390, yeah, but at least the compiler will tell you were you went wrong with missing ;. Memory leaks are a whole different ballgame.
C# is a bracket language.
soo how all thy ponys be fairing?
*stabs Bronysith with a new knife*
ello everypony how art thou all fairing this fine day?
drf would be good if you got a SACD PS3
/me breaks Merc_Xephos s knife
*gets a new knife*
if you go to your library under the classical section, one out of every few hundred CDs should be a SACD
Shamroc thy self is good
/me takes away Merc_Xephos's magic powers
RainbowAsh: Yeah, I get it.
Dken2021: that is good to hear my freind
they're really easy to tell too- the cases have rounded, not square corners
:'(
Bronysith: i think you have a misconception about my planet and my species no one on my planet could have destroyed anything because we cant survive outside of our planet for more than a day
03can you buy me one?
Merc_Xephos: ...Don't...don't look at me like that...
FUS RO DAH *on Petrified_discord*
a SACD or PS3?
ghostxmas OBJECTION :THEN HOW ARE YOU OFF THAT PLANET
03PS3
/me is ragdolled
I DOVAHKIIN
FUUUUUUUUUU
03I already have a PS3, and I can't sell mine without finding a SACD one
because i think it would be better if you bought one in the US yourself
sleepy for some reason
03as my family actually uses it
03well
03online? :P
should be on ebay etc?
03eh
03I want a first-gen PS3 but it's not a priority
Bronysith OBJECTION: YOU CAN CLEARLY TELL I AM A GHOST
ghostxmas JEDI DO NOT BECOME
you want hardware PS2 compat?
ghost
03yeah
03since I might actually use that
OH-DA-VHING *dragon comes*
RainbowAsh: What about pointers though? and multiple inheritance?
how is hardware better than soft?
ghostxmas besides you were on my planet attacking ME off of your planet
my dragon :)
Why is there a firefox message covering the video?
RainbowAsh: Arrays also work differently in c++
Litwick: cause who-ever is streamin is afk and doesnt notice it
...huh, where'd Xephos go?
I DOVAHKIIN
OHTHERE
Bronysith: well i havent been off my planet for more than a day it was stated im not a jedi aaaaaaaannnnnd your planet is only like a 40 minute jorney from mine
your batterys properly charged?
DovahKiin_Xephos: Pfft, please. I'm more part-dragon than you'll ever be :D
:P
lol
03because it's hardware
*takes out glass sword*
charged them the previous evening
03the software had less compatible stuff
Java/c#: int[] someArray = new int[someNumber]; C++: int * someArray; someArray = new int[someNumber];
03like for games
03less of them work
*stabs*
:P
deathstar!
ghostxmas OBJECTION: the only ship fast enough to make that trip to my planet is the milenium falcon which has been destroyed for centuries AND even if you found my planet it woudl take some time to find where i live
hey guys..
Muahahaha!!!
oh
hmmm you run matencene to check for any clogged or un-needed data?
DeathStar, quickly! Dance on DovahKiin_Xephos! It's the only way to stop him!
also, what in gods name is going on in main chat?
...
dance!?
FUS RO DERP :P
oh right cause that's what DeathStar does
i dont know i just joined like 10 mintues ago
DUH
:D
RainbowAsh: Pay no attention to my ranting though. I have experience in calculator basic (I am able to divide polynomials with it, so it shouldn't be too bad).
.....Why is Discord here? 9_6
FUS RO DERPEH :P
sup
6_9*
/me climbs onto DovahKiin_Xephos's head
phobos2390, true, c++ does have some unique elements. But I don't think they are that hard to understand when you already know the general workings of another programming language. At least that was my experience when I dabbled a bit in java and php.
Blue_Leaf: http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2ypxbZEuj1rnl2pl.jpg
Bronysith OBJECTION: my parents own the second fastest ship which takes roughly 2 hours to reach your planet they sent me to your house with detailed directions
/me attempts to dance
........o.o
aww screw it
RainbowAsh: I'm just being a jerk about it. I have experience in programming calculators that run in a basic language.
I NEED TO GET MEH GUNS BRB
ghostxmas HOLD IT it is impossible to find my house for it is protected by an non traceable power source known as THE FORCE
Not that I'm suggesting that they are anything like c++
Pink Floyd?
phobos2390, no problem. ^^
-Pushes DeathStar off- This is how you so it. -Gets on DovahKiin_Xephos' head and shuffles-
got meh guns
:P
ghostxmas FURTHERMORE my house is in the inner mantle to avoid invasions and scan the planet of terroist activities
do*
00,10great song
yep, i was right
/me casts an anti-gun spell on everypony
dat song
ghostxmas again the force protects my house so i do not melt
It's allright everypony, Merc_Xephos's guns can't hurt anyone anymroe
how about KNIFE *stabs Discord*
Merc_Xephos: OW FUCK
Hi everypony!
foget about dat
-Flips-
Merc_Xephos: Hold on a sec...
Bronysith OBJECTION my ship was tracking large ammount of the force thats why it was so easy to find you
Hey, firefox update, leave the stream alone!
Ohai OtakuTom! Say, you're good with murder. Could you OW murder this bird for me?
03http://s3.amazonaws.com/theoatmeal-img/comics/state_web_spring/valve.jpg
i think i heard this in a chucky movie
We don't need no security and stability update.
dat firefox
No we really don't
*stabs bird*
-Hugs Discord- :)
/me searches frantically for anti-knife spell
Does the streamer even know that this is happening?
*stabs discord again*
/me hugs Blue_Leaf back
Who said I was good with murder? I suck at it...even in my Let's Play Skyrim series :P
*stabs his book*
yeppres
it seems i cannot buy a hard PS3 for you
http://ps3sacd.com/faq.html#_Toc180147566
Merc_Xephos: OW STOP THAT IT WAS A RENTAL!
because it is likely PS3s sold here are PAL
NO ANTI KNIFE
ghostxmas GOTCHA the only ship to be able to track the force was LUKE SKYWALLKERS ship which is again destroyed for centuries along with all technology of it
Oh, and here's that anti-knife spell. -Hands it to Discord.-
*stabs again*
Good question. Wrek, do you know about the firefox popup that invaded the concert?
you can check out http://www.trademe.co.nz/gaming/playstation-3/consoles for soft PS3s
Merc_Xephos: Wait a minute...I just realized I'm made of stone. What do I care if you stab me?
/me casts ANTI-KNIFE spell
THIS KNIFE BREAKS STONE
And brb, editing my OC pony.
03CECHB and CECHA
/me stabs Petrified_Discord with a chistle.
03are the ones I'm after
OtakuTom: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4JReXbJYaw
lol
O.O'
Midnight_Tempest: Oh you don't know what you've done... :)
.-.
Petrified_Discord: I SHALL GIVE YOU FREEDOM OH MASTER OF CHAOS!
yeah, its' unlikely ill have those here
Ah. It's been a while since I've played Portal 2...I forgot about that joke.
/me walks casually up to the Pillar under the statue and leans at it with a smirk towards Petrified_Discord.
*puts Anti Anti knife spell one everypony* MY KNIFE WORKS NAO
Aaaaaaaaaaah, that feels good :)
Bronysith: this is getting beside the point that point being you killed millions of people regardless of them being good or evil
Much obliged, Midnight_Tempest
Freed_Discord, you know you can change your nick with /nick newnick ?
*stabs Freed_Discord*
Freed_Discord: not a problem
ghostxmas your planet was korriban an evil evil planet
ghostxmas just being on that planet is being evil
Merc_Xephos: *transforms knife into gum with chaos*
ghostxmas being born on that planet is evil
RainbowAsh: I did not. Thanks
Of course it took 3 days to download the stupid thing.
Bronysith: brony i am sueing you for racism
*gets a knife with spell deflector on it*
stupid steam.
*stabs discord*
http://i.imgur.com/Eallq.jpg
Sometimes steam is evil
/me deflects spell-deflecting spell and knife
/me force kills all attorneys
now u cant ghostxmas
i just did
the default way of putting stuff on is by download
*stabs bronysith*
/me summons army of Antelope Bunnies
/me wins lawsuit and gets 1 million credits
ugh i need my sharp objects 1 sec
no, stab firefox updates
What if I want to install it from a disk? I paid money for the disk.
/me breaks all of Merc_Xepho s weapons and wipes his memory
Night guys.
Dari's back!!!!
Holy crap!
Well, gnaight. Ghostlight ref.
i use that all the time RX-78-SweetieBot
Hey CupcakeWarrior, and mornight. :P
not a very good one though
SHARP OBJECTS
/me sends army of Antelope Bunnies at Swords_and_Knifes_Xe
believe it or not an AGC can act as a normalizer
but in real time
not delayed
I JUST GOT MEH KNIFES NAO
Freed_Discord: When did the conversation turn to an army of bunnies and knives?
/me uses distraction to inject Knife_Xephos with vial of love and tolerance
*it no work*
Knife_Xephos: LIES AND DECIEPT
*deceit
03hm
03http://www.ebay.com/itm/CECHA01-CECHE01-60GB-80GB-PS3-CONSOLE-SYSTEM-WORKING-MOTHERBOARD-BLURAY-DRIVE-/120896167802?pt=Video_Games&hash=item1c25f91f7a
I HATE LIVIN BEINGS
my AM stereo audio processing uses an AGC and it works wonders
phobos2390, I don't know and I hope it will turn to another topic, soon.
well there we go
Knife_Xephos: Okay then. *kills Knife_Xephos*
*stabs Freed_Discord*
ask what firmware it is
diggy diggy hole, diggy diggy hole
I INVINCIBLE
03http://www.ebay.com/itm/ps3-cecha01-/110867581811?pt=Video_Games&hash=item19d0390b73 <- that one's the cheapest guaranteeed CECH01
Sjin is best pony.
Back!
03with 3.56 :/
Knife_Xephos: Orly?
ah eBay
03what's it need to run Linux
yes
/me casts indifference spell on self
I'm a dwarf and I'm digging a hole. Diggy diggy hole, digging a hole.
Discord! You're back! -Huggles-
3.55- for otheros++
lolyeah
03ah darn it
or 3.14 for otheros
unless you want to solder or w/e
Squee~
03er wait
03what
Knife_Xephos was here a while ago...not sure where he went though...
03otheros++?
/me jumps on Freed_Discord's head and transforms into a tophat. +50 Swag points gained.
oh snap, freed discord :D
Does nopony else know what I'm singing about?
i here to stab ya *stabs Blue_Leaf*
diggy diggy hole
phobos2390: Yup
otheros++ is the option to install other OS es on FW 3.41 and 3.55
phobos2390, social inequity?
phobos2390: Yogscast sjin is best
Knife_Xephos: Did anypony hear something? 'Cus I didn't.
since sorny removes the otheros capability in 3.15
-Poofs into a gryphon- T.T
blue leaf ded
or yogscast sips
03ah, like the software emulated thing>
If you need anything, ping me.
Good
both are brilliant, cannot decide ^.^
otheros is supervised (1cpu)
O hey FlareChaser
O.o Discord, little help here?
otheros++ is unsupervised (all cpus)
hey, whats with the pig in the background?
RaveBrony: Yes?
sup
but otheros++ requiires more steps to do
/me hugs RaveBrony
Blue_Leaf: With what? You're clearly not dead, because that would imply Knife_Xephos is still here :)
whose streaming
/me hugs phobos2390 :$
*stabs discord*
WAZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAP
I got killed by Knife_Xephos. T.T
Man, I wonder where Knife_Xephos went...
I'ma ghost now.
I drew Neo as a pony! /)^3^(\ http://fav.me/d4xo72n
lol
hello pony nurse!
your nickname
*stabs with poison knife*
2!Shipping
Hey Knife_Xephos, have you heard of BlueXephos?
yes
im baaaack
aaaah!
Knife_Xephos: yor nickname is like BlueXephos
I keep on feeling like Knife_Xephos is doing things...but I can't see him...
hello everypony
/me hugs ghostxmas
Knife_Xephos: why?
Discord, can you somehow revive me? o.e
nogaems: I noticed it too
phobos2390 you cant hug me im a ghost
Was anyone here when glennglog or sommething linked that video of him getting teased?
Blue_Leaf: Oh sorry, I thought you were joking :)
On it
No, i'm ot joking. >.<
03http://www.ebay.com/itm/Sony-PlayStation-3-PS3-PS2-Reverse-Compatible-320GB-Hard-Drive-CECHA01-/300700167557?pt=Video_Games&hash=item4603206d85
03urgh
nobodys talking to me-oh bother.
not*
03I might have to message these people and ask what firmware
*stabs ded Blue_leaf to make sure he ded*
03the only ones that say it are too new
Ohai imnotjustaderper, what's up?
ah well
LonelyPony: teased why?
FlareChaser have you watched The Matrix?
hello RainbowAsh!
yeah
dang
Jeez, you can't even spell Knive_Xephos.
whassup whassup whassup
i have to ask FW a few times
03I'll message the
03m
Biglaw: I wish I did, never got the time.
*stabs Blue_Leaf again*
FlareChaser I drew Neo from the matrix *pony form*
-Is revived- Thankies, Dis- -Punches Knife in da face-
T.T
mario_pony: Some guys were teasing him on tf2 and they put it on youtube. he was embarrased, so naturally the first thing you do is post it into a stream chat... :/
Biglaw: Cool.
/me pulls out gun and shoots Knife_Xephos
*deflects*
Don't worry Blue_Leaf. I cast an indifference spell on Knife_Xephos so you can just ignore him :)
i am feeling so relaxed right now... how i have missed drinking booze...
/me shoots again
Kays!
/me and again
i had no effeect
/me can't hear Knife_Xephos ;)
-Ignores Knife_Xephos-
Freed_Discord: What?
*gets a pie*
assuming it can easily be tested
should be able to but it might be risky
The pies poisoned
phobos2390: Yes?
*smashes pie in dicords face*
03well the guy said it's a used console that was recently "refreshed"
03so I'm assuming they can just plug it in?
shoot
To check firmware version go to (Settings) > (System Settings) > [System Information].
or so says someone who has two bare circuit boards lying around
both of which were populated with components entirely by hand
03I am interested in the PS3 you're selling, but can you tell me what firmware is on it? If you turn on the system, it will say under Settings, System Settings, System Information.
03that?
Freed_Discord, what do you mean by can't hear?
ispz
Why is there a Firefox update window?
So, you thinking of making more cotton candy clou, Discord?
I'm just ignoring him, phobos2390 :)
clouds*
PHSC
*Runs everypony over in stephen frys taxi, whilst chuck norris hurls abuse from the back seat*
Blue_Leaf: You read my mind
PHSCIC POWERS
/me does just that
Arguement solved.
:3
something funny: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N4vf8N6GpdM
we watched it in english today
Lol
03oh gm
who wants some?
03*h
03Sony PlayStation 3 Old model. 60gb. CECHA01 Barely used, never had time to play except a few BluRays. Works perfect. Console, controller, cord, remote, manual. Will play all PS games **Updated Firmware once** some years back
03"some years back"
03that sounds promising
So many xephoses
Normally it's a bunch of shadows
*randomly fires at Freed_Discord and Blue_Leaf*
1,3Please don't link videos while a stream is running
-Jumps on top of a cotton candy cloud and noms on it-
phobos2390, I know that one.
kirzstryfe ELL THERE
ELLO*
oh, saw it
we've got Spartan_Xephos, Knife_Xephos, and who knows what else.
03owait, >not buy it now
bad phobos2390
Let's look at how much peoples have Shadow in their names!
Btw, anyone watched Iron Sky? I saw it in the cinema last week and found it quite awesome.
*changes again*
Bad bad me
dude
i got meh guns
i sniped on both of my PS3 auctions
03http://www.ebay.com/itm/Sony-PlayStation-3-60-GB-CECHA01-firmware-3-55-/221008439224?pt=Video_Games&hash=item33752127b8
the cutie mark crusaders - hammer
033.55
Meh, whatevs *starts to spread the chaos* http://derpy.me/PO7X0
03:>?
that p. much guarantess you buy it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XF6ocELHqM0
03though eh
and gun_dealer_xephos, so much xephos. makes me think yogscast
03is the otheros++ thing better than the "legit" way?
Lol
BE PREPARED
03Mine is still the legit way
to go through
http://wiki.gitbrew.org/wikibrew/PS3:OtherOS++
Merc_Xephos is back
cccp: Hello fatherland!
and http://wiki.gitbrew.org/wikibrew/PS3:Linux
*takes out minigun*
03wait
03"Can be used to downgrade your ps3 from 3.55 to lower firmwares. "
otheros++ is trickier but allows you more access to hardware
03say what
1,3imnotjustaderper, I just said do not link videos while a stream is running
/me takes out roleplaying manual
03I still have the firmware file of 3.14
03when I heard they were removing OtherOS I saved it
*fires at Freed_Discord*
you can't downgrade FW by software iirc
/me uses roleplaying manual as a shield
03PS3 Dual Boot GameOS/Linux CFW 3.55 SPECIAL - QA Flag CFW with SS patches, Can be used to downgrade your ps3 from 3.55 to lower firmwares. <- then what is that?
Kirzstryfe: why no links to videos again?
You see class, the difficulty with Merc_Xephos is that he is breaking 2 fundamental rules
mbdn0
1,3because it's rude to the person streaming
1) He is randomly trying to kill everyone for no reason
So much discord
2) He discredits the world that everyone else lives in
not everyone just you and blue leaf :P
kirzstryfe: ok
So we can only assume 2 things:
-Poofs into a draconequus and helps Discord spred chaos- .3.
Ah, but who wants to live in this world more than in Equestria?
depends on the revision
spread*
on the PSP you can
in fact I did
1) Merc_Xephos is a troll or 2) Merc_Xephos is insane
insane
Very well.
I used a software downgrader to go from 2.0 to 1.5 and then from 1.5 to custom firmware
>:]
*shoots Freed_Discord*
Brb.
Wait, are you telling me I'm more insane then?
/me undestands that Merc_Xephos has dellusions of shooting him
Because I do know laot of peoples would say I am insane
is the streamer not here cause that things been up for awhile
Lol
*takes some cokcaine*
Out with you
cokcaine?
11,02i liek poniez ^_^
I liek tortlez
OMG ME TOO
And ponies
Ohai SuperBrony64
sad that I have to wait until fall
:3
Hiya SuperBrony64! Have you watched The Matrix?
*shoots Freed_Discord more*
linkerman, tortoise
11,02My favorite pony is everypony :D
Back!
11,02Biglaw: Yesh ^_^
Really, Merc_Xephos? We get it. Go type your comments in Microsoft Word if you're not gonna do anything original.
i preordered the brony box from astrailia
RainbowAsh: Lol, now I see what you did with your name
What a highly dynamic... update... window... Okay. someone's AFK.
SuperBrony64 I drew this ^_^ http://fav.me/d4xo72n
...
The brony box?
*eats a pie*
1,3good music, don't whine about the video :p
http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&feature=endscreen&v=MbipsO34HH8 <-- Who here remembers this fight?
/me face-talon
/me noms on Kencolt
I am not entertained solely by music and chatting :v
is a boxset of pony episodes that they are getting
Ah
/me suprise glomps SuperBrony64 "Hi!
Well, youtube already gives me my episodes
linkerman, I like how it has multiple meanings that I can all embrace.
its region 4 but there are work arounds
/me hugs Aircrafter back "Hai :3"
RainbowAsh: I hate how mine only has around 4 meanings
i have food nao
11,02Biglaw: Awesome work! Looks cool :3
dat SB
Cook_Xephos: Wait, what? :D
SuperBrony64: Thanks :3
00,10lol a dari update
00,10have not seen one of those in ages
........I dun get it. :P
11,02Dat CupcakeWarrior :D
u didnt no i cooked? were you tink i get my pies silly filly
03http://cheezcomixed.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/koma-comic-strip-its-a-wonderful-life-too-wonderful.jpg
Hello, Firefox
Cook_Xephos: In HELL...
/me hugs SuperBrony64
Cook_Xephos: I have no idea where I get MY pies :D
Oh, hey there Renard
You might want to check Bronystate's stream
-Hugs Discord- :)
*bakes a cake*
*eats cake*
/me is hugged by Blue_Leaf
dat voice
Well would you look at that :)
There's a small issue you're probably already aware of
*bakes muffinz*
linkerman, all I can come up with with youirs is "man who links". What are the other meanings?
anypony want muffinz?
no?
more for me
*eats every muffin*
03hm
03http://www.ebay.com/itm/Sony-Playstation3-60GB-backwards-compatibl-CECHA01-3-10-/360451918032?pt=Video_Games&hash=item53ec9bc8d0
03Firmware 3.10
03:>
03but god dang
03that's expensive
03I prolly couldn't sell mine for more than $200
RainbowAsh: Hah, you got the meaning no one gets! Another one is internet links, link from LOZ and erman just because it adds some fanciness
03granted I'd be OK with paying $100 extra to get a first-gen one but eh
I need hugs, I had a gorrible day.
Cook_Xephos: *summons muffins for everypony* http://derpy.me/lW4Qz
/me hugs Blue_Leaf
so much xephos
/me hugs CupcakeWarrior back
wut
BLUEXEPHOS?
Ah, and now we have the Xephos who references Yogscast
:) -Is hugged by Discord-
And afk. >:U
I ONLY XEPHOS
Eenope
*throws pie at BlueXephos*
03hm.
I love this song
What do you mean Cook_Xephos?
03Amazon would give me $132 as a trade-in, not sure if that's good or bad
wut
FlareChaser /)^3^(\
linkerman, ah, the "er" threw me. Well, internet links are a special kind of links in general, and I get link from Zelda. What is that erman?
TO MUCH XEPHOS *cake explode* DANG MY CAKE COULDNT HANDLE IT
i guess discord has not meet derpy she is best pony
RainbowAsh: I don't know, sounds like the end of a name a sir would have
Simon, there's so many xephos
wtf
RainbowAsh: ...Wut?
All the xephos
Cook_Xephos: Oh, you don't get his little joke?
linkerman, now I get it. ^^ Erman is a turkish given name, I think.
dat Money
NO MORE XEPHOS
Very well
Back! Squee~
I should name myself Xemnas-Mansex
I've got to go. Could somepony turn me back to stone, please?
does anypony else have a firefox update in their stream?
But it's kinda gay
You guys are still streaming some awesome stuff.
Nuuu!
1,3nope, must just be you Biglaw
Dun go!
Biglaw: no, what firefox version are you using?
Xephos_Discord, yes?
-Hugs-
*turns discord into stone*
-Sniffles-
Wrek needs to update jis firefox
-Sobs-
I'll be back everypony :)
Later then
need a cake Blue_Leaf?
owlicious I dunno, but half of the "update" is in the stream
Right now I feel like listening to classical music.
No, I need my Discord :'(
And I am unable to click on it
Cue sax
Bai linkerman
no discord for naow
RainbowAsh: Bai? What for? I was saying bye to that other guy :P
linkerman, nevermind then ^^
Lol
/me starts killing cook_xephos
well, it will probably make you happy that firefox 12+ will auto update like chrome
/me f2k Rudolf Kempe, Dresden State Orchestra - Also sprach Zarathrustra, Op. 30- Der Genesende - Das Tanzlied - Nachtwandlerlied (4chFLAC@2703kbps, 335.99mb/17:22)
Hello.
hello
Howdy
no wait, it wont
Aw
And thus, Linkerman kept using Chrome...
kirzstryfe: you neva said hai to me
Shamroc: He be trollin'
/me noms on Shamroc
Lol
This concert must have cost a lot of money
Hello Everypony
Why hello there
Hai PrncsLuna
.....kirzstryfe....thats not saying hi thats NOMING ON ME
1,3omnom <3
Ah bird! kill it! its evil!
Some peoples just want to NOM the world
They hate birdpoop?
Oh, right
ohhhhhhhhhhhh
*Spoilers* Birds like potatoes.*Spoilers*
Doesent really spoil anything
mario_pony: -_-
PrncsLuna: It does in a way
well sorta
mario_pony
mario_pony: give it back :"(
*:'(
There, spoiler alert became red
yaay~
spoiler alert is over alreafy spoiled
Yay
Does that mean you're not hungry?
?
Ah, I said nothing. I know what I mean.
.....ok
Oh, and no perv pun intended
And that was not sarcastic
Neither was that
And that
well imma go for minute this song is boring
Lol
Classical music is better
Alright, I'm back....still nomming on toast though.:D
Ohai TheRainbowDash
Howdy Dash
/me glomps TheRainbowDash
be right back every pony ^^
My toast!
Brb, getting FOOD
pppppffffffffffftttttttttt HA HA HA!!! I just heard the best quote ever!
That_British_Guy: Oh my, what is it?:D
Hello everypony.
Hai ZappyTheUnicorn
Hello ZappyTheUnicorn! (waves)
I need to stop using /nick
That_British_Guy: ?
"ive like a windrammer as you fuck" XD
Huh?
/me waves back at TheRainbowDash and CupcakeWarrior
I dun getz it
That_British_Guy: HAhaha, :D, what the fuck?
IKR!?
What a quote!
XD
I dont get it That_British_Guy
:[
That_British_Guy: I'm still laughing!"D
:D
Floyd :D
It really makes you ask yourself 'have I lived like a windrammer as﻿ i've fucked?'
/me goes to bash.org
That_British_Guy: Hmm....for me, yes.:D
/me goes to memebase.com
"Today I was at the store and saw a Darth Vader action figure that said "Choking Hazard." It was great." :D
Lol
CupcakeWarrior: Hahaha:D, amazing!
I went to a store, and they had Jesus action figures
Wut
Lol?
Biglaw: What?
thanatos: the extra 'h' is for hammazing
I'd make it fight my Cthulhu
I'dd make my Link fight your Cthulu
TheRainbowDash J-e-s-u-s a-c-t-i-o-n f-i-g-u-r-e-s
Cthulhu*
Biglaw: Ok then.....that is awesome!
did you just punch out cthulhu?
tvtropes ftw
Biglaw: And I know how to spell, just not the capability to NOT fly into a wall or such.:P
beware though, because tvtropes will ruin your life
Too late:D
?
TheRainbowDash I know you can spell, silly filly
then tvtropes have ruined your life
I have no clue what tvtropes is.
Biglaw: Eeyup, but Rainbow Crash still exists for me.
www.tvtropes.org
J tanc spill
and doomed by tvtropes
phobos2390: No outside links during the stream, ok?:)
RobertRevenge: the tricks and trades to writing fiction
phobos2390: From first look, it looks like it's a place for fanfiction
It's not video
phobos2390: I majored in creative writing, I think I'm good with tricks to writing fiction~
phobos2390: It is still an outside website from ponies...:P
The ponies!
Hi everypony! *has a trollface*
linkerman: but it includes ponies!
Hello pony_2345! (waves)
phobos2390: Meh, so does fimfiction.com
Hi pony_2345
Or .net? Not shure
Hi pony_2345
TheRainbowDash: Gotcha! Muahahaha!
linkerman: do you know what a trope is?
phobos2390: No. Please fill me in on what a trope is.
pony_2345: Wait, who are you?
It was me all along! *twists moostache*
Wait, why can't I tab you?
Lol
BlazeAngel: You fucking asshole!:D
Ugh!:D
/me kills pony_2345 and free's TheRainbowDash
TheRainbowDash: I drew Octavia /)^3^(\ http://fav.me/d4xlgb7
Biglaw: Nice drawing there!
Thank you TheRainbowDash :)
Hm, not bad
So The_Browncoat Whats going on?
Betty and Veronica. Beware the Nice Ones. Etc.
heyo
TheRainbowDash: Whats going on?
Hello DrGNs.
BlazeAngel: Nothing much, and you?
Meh, I'm not into television most of the time
Hello DrGNs! (waves)
It has a mlpfim page.
TheRainbowDash: I just got away with the ultimate prank. *twists mosstache*
Hello Zappy and Dash !!
as well as a character sheet for it
memes from it
03HML: http://chzschooloffail.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/homework-class-test-might-as-well-give-up-now-its-never-coming-back.png
nightmare fuel about it
funny moments about it
I just realised that since I discovered BronyState, I haven't watched TV in like a week and a half
1,3that's because there's nothing good on tv
^
kirzstryfe there's pawn stars
MLP is aired on TV
kirzstryfe: Except for ponies, of course.:)
kirzstryfe: You forgot about My Little Pony there
TheRainbowDash: I made a rocket out of a office chair by attaching propane tanks and soda cans. Not a very busy day.
BlazeAngel 0_o
Also watch Walking Dead and Dexter
Ever since i discovered Brony State i havent played my PS3 in like 3 weeks....DAMN YOU BRONY STATE!!!!
Biglaw: Yeah, I got fired.
BlazeAngel: Ok...:D
How its Made
Hahah
That_British_Guy: Your PS3 should be in the trash. Waste your money on a better videocard for your computer.
BlazeAngel: Wait a minute...you're 14 and you got a job already, AND got fired?:D
10lol
BlazeAngel awwww.... well, at least you went out *shades* with a bang. YEEEAAAHHH!
TheRainbowDash: Shh...
BOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I grow increasingly distraught for the well being of my desk and my forehead.
Allo everypony.
BlazeAngel: Hmm...
Hello Meanwhile.
Allo.
TheRainbowDash: I DID do the rocket thing though.
03anyway bbl
What's your job BlazeAngel: ?
Hai Meanwhile
Hello Meanwhile! (waves) How was Trixie last night? Steaming up her new magic spells I see....HOO!
DrGNs: I dont have one.
oh
/me would slap TheRainbowDash with a cinderblock if he had the energy.
Looks like this secrets been *drops sunglasses* SHIT HANG ON!
BlazeAngel: Oh god...that didn't turn out so well, right?
BlazeAngel did you record it?
Meanwhile: Why out of energy? Too busy with Trixie in bed? HOO!
XD
TheRainbowDash: and Biglaw It DID go well, I didnt record it, B
:D
BUT i WON
Too busy dying on Spine of Deathwing Heroic.
BlazeAngel: Aww yeah!
TheRainbowDash: Too bad I didnt sit on it.
Success
I still can't believe we failed on 1%. I want to liquidise my head.
I think the only reason why we like Meanwhile is because of all the Trixie jokes we make about him
:P
Meanwhile: Wait....liquidize your head?
Wouldn't surprise me That_British_Guy. I'm a twat.
BlazeAngel I guess it was a pro-PAIN to clean up?
XD
Biglaw: Nah, it was dust when it landed.
XD
-_-
That_British_Guy: And the cinderblocks
/me hands a mug of cider to Meanwhile "Thats why we love you ;)"
Everypony likes me for my silliness and my forever alone abilities!:D
/me downs cider in one.
God I love this chat.
Im liked for.... *sad face* I DONT KNOW!
And ponies.
Well, in PM, not so much...
And the ponies in this chat.
I wish I could be a pony. It'd be fun\
Everypony likes me because of my sexy accent ;)
Meanwhile: D'awww, you~:)
/me isnt mentiones " okay guys I sit in the corner over here
(hugs DrGNs)...there there...it's ok...
That_British_Guy: We do have a handle on the sexy accent market.
I dont know what Im liked for... Is it my art
is it my videos?
Is it my name?!
Ahh that feels better
BlazeAngel: And your voice on MLD.:D
Someponies like me because I make good jokes, and bad ones that are still funny
Idk BlazeAngel. I don't recall seeing any of your art or videos.
TheRainbowDash: >.>
XXXXXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDDDD
Meanwhile: My DA is DMN666 check it out
BlazeAngel: I actually did not know that your Youtube channel was so popular. I watched some of your videos before I actually knew of you in the chat, and oh boy, they are amazing!
TheRainbowDash: :O REEEEEEEALY?
What is your channel name blazeangel?
>_<
2007excallibur2007
-eats Biglaw-
BlazeAngel: It's probably your art.
BlazeAngel: I did not know that was you all along..:)
TheRainbowDash: So... im a master of disguise...
That Youtube channel, I kept commenting.."This person(s) is amazing."
TheRainbowDash: BRB!
Ok...
how is this still goin
TheRainbowDash: Who's?
Well, I imagine Wrek put it up and left for something.
CupcakeWarrior: BlazeAngel's youtube channel, (2007excalilibur2007)
And then he was attacked by ninjas and is currently in a climactic battle to the death.
gah, it'd be a shame if he died without updating firefox
Sometimes, I set up 3 laptops in fron of me with bronystate on them, and be 3 different people. One time TheRainbowDash I was having 2 conversations with you.
...
DrGNs: yes. yes i did.
You could use the same laptop, you know
XD
Meghan McCarthy ‏ @MMeghanMcCarthy
Started lunch with 0 followers. Ended lunch w/ over 500. I am humbled by all the love from the #bronies
BlazeAngel: Having just found your youtube I can say I am pleasantly tickled.
owlicious: IT MAKES ME FEEL LIKE THE VOICE FROM DEAD ISLAND OK?
BlazeAngel: Wait, what....your a spy?:D
I have no idea :O
We do have a lot of excess love.
I guess another reason why everpony likes me is because of my art
:)
TheRainbowDash: you're*
-eats BlazeAngel-
That_British_Guy: Eeyup, and your wub for Dashie....for...for me...
TheRainbowDash: "I guess I am!" (remember TAHT qoute from my tumblr hint hint)
The British Guy has art?
Meanwhile: Not so much of a technicality person...sorry...:P
Wow BlazeAngel, your vids are good
I know right?
wait wrong link
Meanwhile: And CupcakeWarrior I hope you watch my team friendship 2 the last dispencer vid.
FFFFFFFFFFFF
10http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lp7mtcrp8g1qijukno1_500.png
10Old or new, don't care
BlazeAngel: Two ticks. Watching MLF opening 2.
No thats a different one
Oh...
Meanwhile: oh dear... "Healing heavys its an easy feat!"
that's stupendious British Guy !
-eats BlazeAngel-
Indeed it is.
Its just a pic of my childhood game <3
pyrocatboy: *is eaten*
Press button to heal fat man, don't not press button to heal fat man.
(does not press the button)
BlazeAngel: Dat At The Gala tab
CupcakeWarrior: *snickers*
/me eating cupcakes at sugarcube corner sitting next to AJ
MY CHANNEL IS GETTING MORE FAMOUS! yay...
-eats TheRainbowDash-
BlazeAngel: The Last Dispenser is best dispenser.
O_O....what...
Meanwhile: XD
I got nothing interesting to say, so I'll just be on my way out. :(
"Spy, catch me!"
Wah heavy? Nuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
OI! GIVE ME HER BACK! *cuts open pyrocatboy*
Ill brb
-eats That_British_Guy-
2Skylands, I PMed you
2derp
/me and slides out of the already made hole
(uses ponycat logic to get out of pyrocatboy's stomach)
HA!
Hi everypony!
Aww yeah!
Hi :3
Here's the game plan: we find portal to equestria, meet all the ponies, find the true meaning of Friendship, and stop at the Winchester for a cold one
Hello Issacfreemare! (waves)
Hey guys
DrGNs YES
Issacfreemare: Hi!
Hello fillyfillyy! (waves)
-takes on the IRS-
DrGNs Hooah!!!!
indeed
Did you know...
/me parachutes into the chat and glomps TheRainbowDash and That_British_Guy
DrGNs: Aww yeah!
Hai Kipkat07_Mare
OI!
ohai
Hey... TheRainbowDash ... guess... the fuck... what...
Oh, hello Kipkat07_Mare! (hugs and kisses)
Hi Issacfreemare !
-takes on the IRS-
Issacfreemare: What, is everything ok?
XD
Hello Issac and KipKat
Umm.....
TheRainbowDash: I nearly died!
/me stabs Kipkat07_Mare "Hello"
I am so confused.... Issacfreemare, why so?
whats wrong Issacfreemare ?
I know everything about the illuminati. The most important thing about them is that they know when you are typi
/me removes the knife and stabs That_British_Guy in the liver
TheRainbowDash: I read BlazeAngel's story and died laughing.
Are the Illuminati like candlejack? you know, they steal you before you're done ty
Issacfreemare: WHAT?
What story?
Issacfreemare: Hahaha, I know, right...wait, which one?
/me removes knife and stabs Kipkat07_Mare in the neck
I've wet my pants...
His Blazing rainbow crap.
Care to explain this story BlazeAngel: ?
Issacfreemare: CRAP?
-pumps LSD vapor into chat-
/me removes the knife and stabs That_British_Guy in the eye
Issacfreemare: Wait, is it bad?
he'll end up marrying a fake oh shining armor will e...
Oooh Stab me! Stab me!
TheRainbowDash: You better beleive it!
/me bangs That_British_Guy and Kipkat07_Mare's heads together. "stop that."
Wrek strea?
Issacfreemare: your making me rage...
Yep
stream*
Yes sir, Meanwhile sir!
Issacfreemare: Well then, I'll let you know that I gave BlazeAngel the idea to write it, so be careful what you say..:P
:(
Mind your P's and Q's
/me removes knife and cuts off Kipkat07_Mare "little area" ;)
Meanwhile x Trixie
0_0
TheRainbowDash: I have one thing to say.
-pumps LSD vapor into chat-
/me clubs DaringDude with a cinderblock.
Daring-doom: Nope, Meanwhile x otakon.:SD
Hello.
NO DAMMIT NO
/me slaps TheRainbowDash with a cinderblock.
argh
lol ow...
Issacfreemare: Sure, ok, say it...
crap, firefox updates
I wish Sweetie bell was a Cyborg :)
TheRainbowDash: Guess who?
/me slaps That_British_Guy and beats him with a slegehammer
Ow! That slap and cinderblock!:D
Question for everypony: Why do you think pinkie's family needed to farm rocks?
oh myy gawd who put the purple spotted elephant in the chat...
I have no idea.
I'd rather be shipped with Trixie if it means not being shipped otakon.
Wait, where is Issac?
TheRainbowDash: I am a true spy.
Biglaw: Because Pinkie
-jaywalks-
1,3ok, so... stop abusing each other, and no more lsd gas
/me drops a nuke on Kipkat07_Mare head
TheRainbowDash: you beleived it.
For pet rocks of course Biglaw: they are obviously ranchers !!
Biglaw, I think that there was a famine back then and they had to cultivate some sort of moss or slime fungus that would grow on stones.
BlazeAngel: Wait, what did I believe?
i dont think lsd worksin gas form... i could be wrong
TheRainbowDash: Issac? He never existed.
http://i.imgur.com/Vdfmp.png just made this :3
All the ponies in this chat are crazy kirz.
BlazeAngel: Oh my god....(facefood):|
alright... i have found the best pizza ever... http://derpy.me/sWt7T
TheRainbowDash: I love my life.
Baka-Neku: Not sure if...wat.
BlazeAngel: Are you kidding me?
1,3you're just now realizing this Meanwhile?
TheRainbowDash: No?
brb guys applying update
kirzstryfe: Good point.
That Pony is a spy!!
BlazeAngel: umm....ok....
Midnight_Tempest: mother of gawd
BlazeAngel: Im like the spy from TF2!
Were not crazy....Were insane as Pinkie Pie from "Cupcakes" :D
Meanwhile: Yes we are. And we love you for your opinions.
Uugh!! Can anypony tell me how to get rid of a cut in your mouth Very Quickly!? X_X
DaringDude: ikr? Best. Pizza. EVER!
-jaywalks-
Crazy ponies are best ponies...silliness is fine, too!:D
:D
No advertising channel Phase4
:-p
kirzstryfe: Hey, do i know you? I swear ive seen you on steam...
/me slaps That_British_Guy for mentioning that story
ohai everypony
No one likes my opinions.
XD
Hiya oatmeal
Im going to leave now.
kirzstryfe, Midnight_Tempest Jaketehsnake L4d2 my chums?
I don't even like my opinions.
RaveBrony ignore it
/me eats CupcakeWarrior
That_British_Guy: Wait, did you just mention that story?
oatmeal: http://theoatmeal.com
lol
and updated
D:
brb
Hai otakon
Shamroc: in a bit, dinner should be ready soon and im gonna be drunk... so it will be interesting
/me f2k The Chemical Brothers - Saturate (2chFLAC@800kbps, 43.69mb/7:38)
DaringDude: But i just got dinner and the cut is under my tongue!! T~T
"Brb gonna update" "back" "...brb"
-jaywalks-
otakon why you no stay in one place for more than ten seconds.
/me moonwalks
TheRainbowDash: Good brotherly friend, Some ponys are curios about my stoory... ahem, OUR story.
Sounds like a plan. I jusr finished most of my homework. Give me a few minutes for food.
Meanwhile: That is otakon for you...:D
2bbl
A beardy perv?
Sounds about right.
lol sux 4 u umm try not eating salty foods that would irritate it?
BlazeAngel: Oh, I forgot about that....our story indeed.:)
oh god... I EFFING LOVE YOU PINK FLOYD!
/me explodes.
Meanwhile: Sure, otakon is that!
Im going to seriously leave now.
DrGNs did ya see my OC?
1,3Shamroc, I'm game
I'm telling him you said that The_Browncoat.
TheRainbowDash: Shall we make like the flim flam brothers and advertise?
TheRainbowDash*
DaringDude: Alrighty then
Tab fail.
kirzstryfe were gonna needa a 4th or a 4th-8th
:$
/me noms TheRainbowDash's ear
BlazeAngel: Umm....sure!
They say to this day if you look at the moon in a clear night sky you can see Nightmare moon's face and soul still linger with nightmare gas, (note: you can only see this if you are blind)
Damn! Pink Floyd has been on THIS ENTIRE TIME!?
Yea That_British_Guy:
Shamroc: I can't guarantee the fluidity of my ping but if you need a 4th I'll play.
and?
kirzstryfe: if your gonna play, i'll be willing to do a VS after dinner... so, half an hour at the earliest i think
Everypony! Would you like to listen to mine and TheRainbowDash's tale of writing?
1,3ok
O_o
Meanwhile you got it then
Ahem, hit it RD!
(sighs)
wait kirzstryfe did Jaketehsnake respond.
Nope.:D
lol
kirzstryfe, Midnight_Tempest Shamroc Meanwhile how about VS in 30 minutes?
TheRainbowDash: THEN ILL HIT IT! *punches you*
Lets sing
1,3yeah, 30 sounds good, I can grab some food then as well
We can probably zerg a normal mode in 30 minutes
Or I can go sneak a cup of tea and some jaffa cakes.
/me shrugpony.
Ow!
Jaketehsnake DID SOMEBRONY SAY VS MODE
Jaketehsnake: save a spot for me if i dont show up by then
Meanwhile, Nah, Im getting food, I haven't eaten in 12 hours
Will do Midnight_Tempest
That_British_Guy: So true.
TheRainbowDash: Its either you sing, or you get a fucking steam account!
(scared)
I'd sing. But it's late and I'll wake people up.
???? whats wrong with a steam account???
Anyhoo, gonna go stealth raid the kitchen. brb.
Jaketehsnake ill join that match too
I..I do not know what to do now...
kiss me??? ;)
?
/me grabs RD an
>.>
Uhh, NO!
d throws in toaster
/me she's an evil enchantress and she does evil dances
it's amazing how quickly a vs match can ansamble(spelling optional)
OOowwaaaaaahhh
AH!...why?
XD
TheRainbowDash: your nyan cat.
(dies in the toaster)
abuse is abusive
-tries to kill the metal-
Wow there are a lot of banned ips on bronystate
DING! "I am going to kill you and kil you and kill you"
1 day more
I've been siting in my freezer this whole time waiting for my salmon to get out of the toaster, I can tell dinner will be a flash of a baseball bat to the doorbell
Well, my life long dream is to be made into toast...
omg that was epix
hey everypony wuts up?
Hello Sketch_Toku_Brony! (waves)
im baaaaaaack
/me applauds
Hey TheRainbowDash Lets kill BlazeAngel!
Welcome back pony_8105! (waves)
That_British_Guy: Umm...sure..
Dat update
That_British_Guy_ I saw your nick change you know
NYAHA! YOU FELL FOR IT!
whazzuuuuuuuuuup
????
concert already over? ;_;
Wait, what...
I haven't !!!
hey peeps
what are you talking about?
TheRainbowDash: I win.
Hello Vulpbrony! (waves)
what are we watching today boys?
updates
That_British_Guy: BlazeAngel was pretending to be you
I got a video for you all
WAIT WHAT!>
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EY7BIvpO4BU&feature=context-vrec
ooooh how about a queen concert!!!
firefox 12 updater: the animation
DAN VS MLP
That_British_Guy: Like RD said, im a spy.
00,10sounds like I better set up
Yay
YOU SON OF A @*$@$@!%~
TheGreatAndPowerfulT hmm?
Alright then Sumica, sure! You're my favorite streamer anyway!:)
Tell me a story
hi
when is season 3?
everypony
That_British_Guy: Im a diamond dozen backstabbing scumbag.
nah nothing ~
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lzt9doZqGf1qbwnuho1_500.png
Hello fluttershylover! (waves)(
hey hey hey fluttershylover:
what do we get to watch
idk
yesh
+5 ponints to me
points*
00,10gonna change the embed back to mips
i've got to go all, I'll talk to you later
if season 3 of MLP came on, it better have celebrity guest stars!!
odl,
bye DrGNs
Think ill listen to some ColdPlay now <3
refresh
That_British_Guy: Hey amn remember me?
nope.avi
Just as I was about to go to bed, you begin to set up Sumica >:(
im listening to some skyrim music
since dari is back when do start watching doctor who ~
lol gottya
That_British_Guy: Hehhe.. of ourse you dont. I never existed
00,10So you will have to refresh your embed as well to see stream
lol
I knew it
Does otakon know that dari is back?
WHERE'S THE NEXT VIDEO!!!!!:[
still havent seen dari speak
SPY!
That_British_Guy: Eyyup.
:'(
shut up that british guy
Why>
he does CupcakeWarrior
pony_8105: well, i AM a spy.
he already did Phase4
<3
Yay for mips
must have missed it
tomorrow ill be 15! :)
and refreshed
Mission success. Targets aquired, but points deducted because I dropped a Jaffa cake. ¬_¬
then your name is now bond. james bond.
yay for you robotdragon7
Awesome then robotdragon7! (hugs)
TheRainbowDash: Im coming to haunt you TheRainbowDash
so kirzstryfe we gonna do it or wat?
did somepony say....CAKE!!!???
You've missed it a few times.
i hope i get a pinkie pie birthday
Sumica, yould play enviro-bear 2000 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b5LorbLlKis
no
I ate 'em all.
That_British_Guy: Nope, just toast.:)
damn... when did the music end?
15 is so awesome
eeyup
Midnight_Tempest: Dont forget to refresh the stream
http://www.fimfiction.net/index.php?view=category&search=blazing+rainbow Here is the story that me and BlazeAngel wrote together!:)
TheRainbowDash: Create meeee.... CREATE ME......... NOW!
15 1/2 temps
16 license
CCCP: Hai mario_pony
can you paly us another video please?:(
although i think of 100 years by five for fighting and it somewhat depresses me
/me can almost get his temps
hi fillyfillyy!
Back from the earlier days of this great land.
Hi CCCp
hi
Hello CCCP! (wves)
freshred it up then
good day every one how are yall doing on this fine day
Hi CCCP
well it can still be explained...all i know that related to a dari is daribot...which i had heard is otakons greatest love
dat Sumica stream
*cough* sorry, anyway yeah, he's an old mod who's back from hiatus, basically.
EY fluttershylover
?
Hello cow334! (waves) I'm doing awesome, and you?:)
trying to stay alive
Aww yeah! Burn Notice!
TheRainbowDash: im doing awsome possim
yay!
TheRainbowDash: hai dere
lol
Burn Notice!
TheRainbowDash: Hey. You. Im haunting you. CREATE MEEEEEEEEEE. CREATE ME.... YABBA MY ICING!
Excellent, now I just hope it doesn
I can't hear anything in my head right now except "Long ago in a distant land" on loop.
hi
hello every one
hi bronysforlife
yay!
*doesn't rain
Hello Shamroc! (waves)
Burn Notice. Score.
Dat feel when I have the same ping as Sumica
Sumica: yay I say, YAY!
CREATED
yayyy
hi
i think i mixed samurai jack, lion king and something else i can't remember
who is streaming
yay
Muahahaha!!!
maybe star wars
i havent played dead space 2 in a while....and i havent played it in the dark...
YESSSSSSES
Burn Notice by yourself=awesome......Burn Notice with an awesome chat of ponies, have laughs and having good times=priceless, perfect, and memorable.:)
TheRainbowDash: Can... I ASK YOU A QUESTION?
Long ago in a distant land.
who is streaming
cow334: Sumica is
cant agree more
Wrek face desked
Ulthane, dem ping timeouts
Shamroc: thank you here have a cookie
02*WB03(Rukario03)02WB* - <Umbreon> there really isn't anything hard about DOS <Umbreon> except making it do something useful
IM A SPY!
no
lies
HEY, YOU IM A SPY!
Sumica i sstreaming right now, if anypony does not know yet...
(is)
nononono
i find it odd how my dad is the only one who doesnt know im a brony and im using HIS computer. the only internet access in the HOUSE
Thinking about the fact that Bronystate is almost a year makes me feel like Gandalf.
liess
You all know very well, im a spy.
dammit -_-
I used to be a spay, but then I took a burn no*shot*
BlazeAngel Come Over here ~ i promise i will heal you ~
howdy everypony
lies
I will heavy you
spy*
Hello fluttershylover! (waves)
:)
dat spy
hello fluttershylover
00,10great way to start an ep
Ohai DaringDude :)
With lag.
TheRainbowDash: Answer me... *crys*
:)
hi
Hai der PinkiePry
00,10you all still geting lag from mips?
On the bright side, refresh seems to have cleared that up.
Not anymore.
nope sumica
mips>limev
:]
Sumica..never got any
00,10oh good
Sumica you streaming next?
TheRainbowDash: You suck!
00,10I am streaming now
:Y
:D
TheRainbowDash: Go die!
00,10but on the mips embed
:Y
0,5Ohai
dat LordCelestia
00,10so make sure you refresh page
Allo LC.
ohai LordCelestia
ITS THE LORD!
oh hai dere LordCelestia
GENTELMEN
at least for the next 5 months i can enjoy the fandom
00,10if you have limeV
Hei its mai favorite LC
hello LordCelestia how was your day
damnit i hate bronies
EY lordcelestia
-eats SPY-
0,5Its been good
dammit i was gonna go running but i wub burn notice balls!!!
0,5I guess
Why Gandalf ?
Hello LordCelestia! (waves and hugs) How are you today?:)
pyrocatboy: no leave me alone
they all suck
I'm doing awesome!
well then bronysforlife why are you here then?
Because Gandalf is really old and I didn't want to say old twice that quickly in a sentence.
he is jk
LordCelestia do i have permission to dance on your head?
LordCelestia: oh im sorry to here that my day went awsome today but not so great yesterday
jking
i mean
yea
oh
im
-eats EVERYONE-
lol
jk
derp
Because Gandalf is an old wizard. And Trixie is into magic.
i will run later
Giggity
:P
./derp
*takes out gun* what are we watching
therefore Trixie is into Gandalf
sucide fail
I have no idea what's going on...
Shaddup.
lol
She likes his staff.
I will win 5k!
ekips: spies
>:]
00,10guh, that reminded me of when some one did that infront of a bus I was on
omg they killed kenny! :O
XD
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: you want in? i mean the l4d2 vs game... Meanwhile you want in also?
SPY: Burn Notice
Bitches love my +69 staff of penetration.
:P:);):D:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9 Mlp fim ftw
sapping our sentrys otakon?
yay!
I cannot believe I played along with that.
Dat emotespam
Shamroc i c what u did there
fluttershylover: DONT SPAM *kills her
must look at them all
00,10dont emote spam fluttershylover
fluttershylover: No emote spam, ok?:)
ekips: not that kind o fspy
Sure i'll play ~
Shamroc: Sure.
seen that so many times lol
k
gotta see more
... TheGreatAndPowerfulT i didint c wat i did there....
its alright fluttershylover i did it once too
need to see them
no noooooooo
:[
then is just my mind twisting everything in chat now ~ pay no attention to it
puts gun away ** Sumica what is this *takes out gun* or elses
:]
hi everypony
good day Bronydubsforlife
1,3Zombie time! and...
Dat Jack.
1,3GO!
did i just hear yay 0.o lol
i never new that DBZ game fights could be so stressful
00,10Trust me, my gun is far more powerfull then yours is
/me heals the SPY
:P is best
thank you MEDIC
00,10and some one already said it's Burn notice
-eats MEDIC-
my gun is party cannon
blue team ftw
/me dances
oh gawd a pyro
Sumica: oh okay thank you *kills him*
red is da bomb
MEDIC: what are you doing here you said you didnt like colorfull ponys
dear Celestia there it is again! lol
i read everything in my voice 0_0
00,10Bricked
hehe
Falcon PAWNCH
11.•10«11WB10 (Aurora10) 11WB10»11•. 10- refridgerating a phone extends its life
hai
02*WB03(Aurora03)02WB* - <Aurora> 06I acknowledge I have issues, I am ok with it
Sumica: what do you mean *puts gun away*
/me hides in Roara's floof
i feel like im talking to clones of me with different personallities
dont bame yourself plenty of people do it
i do that to
im just sayin it feels wierd after a while
lol dat bag of cheetos
GOD DAMMIT ROLEPLAYERS IN THE CHAT
lol
i JUST noticed it
00,10Mike rage
/me dances
And hello everypony im back
who is the actress of the woman?
Mike SMASH :D
EY prncsluna
Litwick: *points gun at head* good day *pulls the trigger*
i like grass
00,10Dat luna is an imposter
so....no one streaming?
Lol, shooting Dante.
i once tried to write a fic but it was HORRIBLY written...
gtg be here lata
PrncsLuna: Sumica is streaming now, you may need to refresh the stream.
PrncsLuna: you are not princess *points gun at head* *pulls the trigger*
00,10we have a stream on the Mips embed
bye stallion1
yay
00,10you have to refresh if you see limeV
2hi Shiny
owlicious sounds like a food....
uh is that Bruce Cambell? lol kinda looks like him
00,10yeah it is
just because it's a bird?
I can get my friend to save him
huh neat
02Hey .-.
i dont know the "licious" just makes it that way
>:]
chettos refernce lolololol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqXWlRXIZlQ SuperBrony would approve
Sumica: I forgot my manners how are you doing to day
11,02O.O
dat moo
00,10I am well
It's so cowaii
11,02Moo ^_^
look wat i can do *poof*
and nobody could have observed them, sure
Sumica: good *takes out gun behind his back* so you want a drink
Oh, hello SuperBrony64|School! (waves and hugs) How are you today? No toast=no good.:|
11,02Litwick: O U
and ohai SB64
11,02i liek toast :3
SuperBrony64|School: Good...
1,3need 3 people for L4D2 Vs match, who's interested?
/me runs into and glomps SuperBrony64|School
/me hugs TheRainbowDash back ^_^
kirz|zombies: what system
/me hugs Kipkat07_Mare back
1,3steam
11,02Hai :3
not me!
00,10Silly Spy
D'aww, you SuperBrony64|School!:)
11,02i liek silly :3c
damned spies...
Kirz can I trouble you guys with my bad skills?
00,10Oh hi SuperBrony64|School
kirz|zombies: okay
SuperBrony64|School: I am your second in command for silliness, remember?:)(
hiya SuperBrony64|School
11,02I'm in school ^-^
1,3if you want to :3
oh hai SB64
Sumica: I am not silly
11,02TheRainbowDash: naturally :3
Hahaha:D
YAY
whoa dat mod chat
/me glomps otakon
00,10You are silly to think your bullets scare me.
yay~
1,3steam name is KirzStryfe if you want to add me and join us
I an a natural in being a silly filly!
/me glomps SuperBrony64|School
/me hugs SuperBrony64|School back
11,02i liek mods :3c
wb CCCP
i have so far read 9 fics in this fandom, wrote 2, watched all episodes (duh) 8 crushes, and 2 ponies bought from mcdonalds
/me hugs Shamroc
hi mario_pony *hugs*
ello there
Whoa
SuperBrony64|School: awsome i did my test today and guess what i passed them each test had 70 Questions and one story to write and i pass every one
11,02cow334: :O!!! AWESOME!
10Shi-shi!
11,02You did it :D
i never seem to be too nervous at tests...
SuperBrony64|School: thank you brony
Sumica: who ever said you were afraid of my bullets
YAY
*eats bullets* I EAT PAYN
00,10Sam being awsome
...
SuperBrony64|School: thy need to buy l4d2 so you can play with kirz|zombies and ever other pony who plays from here....good god does it get hectic
SuperBrony64|School: and i got greater news im going to get a new copy of supersmash brothers this week
yaay
sup everypony
ello CowBuster007
hiya CowBuster007
hey CowBuster007
hai CowBuster007 how are you my cow brother
I would buy L4D2 but I just got GW2 today, and that raptured my wallet
i want to get a new copy of ratchet and clank 1. mine is too scratched :(
that guy is a idiot dont no how to handle knifes like me
damn i'm 23 dollars short
DAMN THE RAIN!
cow334: doin pretty good. U?
ekips it was sent under water in the 1950s lol bioshock was good
<----------------- generously generous :V
CowBuster007: ohh man i had the greatest day ever
i miss the SWAG twins....
00,10Dat giving Spitfire
cow334: tell me........NOW!
SPY: Never use an Ace if a 2 will do.
Bronysith what?
hey Spy that Bruce Cambell he had a chainsaw hand,cut him some slack lol jk
ekips or ascended into heaven or do u think you mean ruptured sry i am grammar nazi
Bronysith: bioshock takes place in 1960
Back. Joining now kirz|zombies
CCCP 60s 50s same thing
lol
http://www.computerworld.com/s/article/9226584/White_House_threatens_veto_of_CISPA_bill
pwned
just ten yrs difference wateva
oh u Bronysith...
Litwick: hmm *pulls out knife * what did you say
lol
thanks for correcting me though :3
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
00,10dad rage
*everyone talks while SPY fights*
damn
Skylands
hello everypony! nice, burn notice! great show :) i'm going to quietly enjoy my dinner
where is HML XD
10Umbreon
I mean to use the b are minimum, and be sneaky. Like THIS! *kicks knife and flies away*
hi Barrel_of_Fun!!!!!! :)
10He is away
obviously
:P
CowBuster007: i passed my test today each of them and each test had 70 questions and one story to write and guess what i did it yaay i passed every one yaay
.-.
cow334: thats awesome
robotdragon7: what do you want
CowBuster007: thank you mooo
princess_peach = mario_pony
guess who?
00,10man they are dumb
CCCP: lol duh :P
im just jokingly pointing sumthing out. how yur fighting and everyone is talking
:3
Sumica: i know right they dont know what they are doing
Hugs for everyone!!!
10I dunno, he is fixing a laptop of his fellow student's
lol
1,3SuperBrony64, check skype
hello asneakykitty
yay
/me hugs asneakykitty :)
surely you dont remember me
00,10I love this bit
YAYS
asneakykkitty: oh buy *squished*
<3 ;3
*boy
pony_8105: i remember you!
WHAT SCAM you fool
oh yeah today we took a map test in school about math and i scored the highest in the whole class :3
its me pony 8105
dat LAG
actually i dont lol
along with the asian id
*kid
its the return of the pony 8105
oh
wow, those asians are good at cartography
yeah baby!
good night every one
chrysalis needs to be in the main six
wait fail sorry misspelled
bai cow334
ohhhhh
lolwut
dont listen to that
lol Bruce Cambell aka The Dark Knight
lol
wow, that is scary as hell
robotdragon7: its k im not leaving
10Umbreon, do you have a laptop or desktop computer?
oh ok
this song...that im listening too..
they got RICKROLLED
i have both
http://theoatmeal.com/djtaf/j/63 XD
:P
10Which one do you use most often?
.-.
dat joke
laptop
dat car
it's cadence who's supposed to be in the mane six
bowser what is up with the mario charecters
desktop is for homework and gaming
good day every one
SPY: hmm?
but chrysalis is best pony EVAR
10Okay
SPY: boredum
oh DAMN! Nuu! T_T
oh
hello
hello .-.
mario_pony: trues
hi Magic
hi
EY Magic
hi [Dashie]
is that tricia helfer?
hey all
00,10yes
/me missed season fanally .-.
CCCP: silly filly you miss spelled fluttershy
*hugs*
it was good
hello Dashie and Magic nice names
[Dashie]: that suck :(
ty
hi [Dashie]
Wow, what a bitch.
it does :|
i ALMOST missed it
ded chunnel is ded
mario_pony: she is 2nd
good day everuy one
every one
bitchier than chrysalis
2http://www.lugia.us/forum/random-chatter/what-brand-of-computer-do-you-like-most/msg214226/#msg214226
2this might help
hu Spy
2anyhow, bbl
but i like chrysalis.....
hi Spitfire
^
spy*
lol
lol whoops
hey all, back
mom of the year folks
Wb LauraP
thankies
CCCP: you're dead to me
hmm
Chyraslis is the best thing in life
i wonder how many team fortress spy jokes were made during the broadcast...
mario_pony: .-.
sorry yall im alil nervous
Is this Burn Notice?
yes
(wingboner)_
hello nurses
/me is gusta
LOOOOVE THIS SHOWWWWW
Male hormones are now a go.
yumyumyum
why u wingboner dash?
oh
ok... how long has Burn Notice been playing?
k
then
robotdragon7: Hahaha, ok..:D
Midnight_Tempest: three days
i loVE GRASS
wtf
dat sudden revalation..
anybody here knows what is happening in the current season ?
/me /me
memememememe
RX-78-SweetieBot: FFFFFFFF WHY DIDNT YOU TELL ME... I CRUSH YOU!
Stardust_Phoenix: of what ill tell you every thing
burn notice
Heyo Broonies
Did somepony say friuendship?
RX-78-SweetieBot: do you have an xbox live acount
dolan
if anypony likes burn notice, say I
whats friuendship?
i
05,15DON'T YOU DIE ON ME
I
robotdragon7: friendship
sunburn notice
danm
lol
good
im know im joking
catfight
!
00,10damit Fieona
CATFIGHT!
Kill da bitch!
YES CAT FIGHT!
needs less clothing
im alittle nervous yall im new to this
epic catfight
need more cowbell
/me sorry but im so cold...and tired...
*dings*
needs more mud
hello
true
Lol who wants to play Kid Icarus with me? I'll be using the Bowl Arm.
Sumica... i hope you show the episode where he is dress like a baws
needs to be about 20 percent cooler
YAY
sup everypony
00,10that ep is coming up soon.
LOUDER
yay
hi PsychoH
i wish i could play games online...
best. episode. ever
Michael is secksy
Sam, you're in my spot.
VIOLENCE
mt tf2 isnt working :I
00,10shit just got real
don't be pushing my man!
no im not lol
:I
my tf2 wont load maps...
*snaps* OH NO U DIDNT
what's your favorite broadway musical
Silent: me to .-.
00,10Sam is such a bro
ny
boys, boys, let's just all take off our shirts and resolve this peacefully
[Dashie] Google
Michael first :D
lol
Silent: im to lazy
did anypony else feel bad for her at this point? http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4455/
*takes off shirt* ok
i took off mine already
no! I'm talking to Michael!
Whenever I come on this site, ponies ani't playing >.<
:(
ponies will play after this episode
/me is on chapter 43 of fallout:equestria
oh *puts back on*
YAY!
2more chapters .-.
.....
you are a tooooyyyy
00,10Cause this is bronystate not ponystate
Sorry, I'm kinda busy right now if you know what I mean...
"mission imposible theme"
.-.
kinky .-.
Giggity
I love how she uses him
lol
you have the wrong number.
what does this mean? yyyy ur yyyy ub ur y+y 4=?
05,15O.o
/me has home work to do
And have sunglasses.
/me is not gonna do it
"wise you are wise you be your are to wise for me"
yes people if you are new here there will never be just ponys its gonna be what the mods want so stop asking for it they will only give you what they want so just enjoy *its called brony state not pony state
/me never does homework at home
muscle glasses
hi.
/me fires his bass cannon at people wanting ponies
13what..
what
13robotdragon7: that made no sense whatsoever...
lawl
FIRE FEET
GOGO
big lipped alligator moment
look at the letters and the sentence..
BLAM
13it doesn't scan in english, doesn't scan in rebus, it just doesn't scan
13it's unintelligible
hello Shizuka
CCCP, during the rehearsal? Well, it was pretty obvious from their first meeting that something was really wrong with Cadence, but Twilight went a bit overboard with all the "evil".
13to put it simply YOUR SENTENCE IS BAD AND YOU SHOULD FEEL BAD
modern warfare lol
yyyy=WISE
Shizuka: ouch Shizu that's harsh
is sentence was not bad i under stood it
RainbowAsh: i agree but i still felt bad for her
oh im here then
ur= YOU ARE
good camio
I met the guy who developed that sound ID tech at Lockheed!!
13sorry but.. *snff* it just hurts to see english mangled like that..
Meanwhile|Trixie.......best
he is a genious!
I need some help putting together a stream for my friends. I have no clue what to do
do you want beatles songs to be on mlp
00,10deer shot, yeah that will wreck an engin block
i showed that to my aunt and she lold
Shizuka: r u a gramer natzi???
mangled english hurts my eyes.
._.
if she was, you'd be gassed
...
y it loadin
stream froze
Question for everypony: If you could have the choice, would you live in Equestria?
Shizuka: i had a test today about proper english and how people say stuff like BRB in stead of be right back they say it messes up your english and your talking
So, somebody on Rotten Tomatoes gave "The Avengers" a negative review (3 stars out of 5), and she's now been flooded with 300+ Comments.
CCCP, if Twilight's case was a bit weaker from what we had seen previously, I probably would have, too.
ohai buffer
13yes because the mass murder of millions is just HILARIOUS
and now it lags dammit
Biglaw: duh, yes
no, that's spelling
13it's right up there with jokes that there aren't girls on the internet
pause 4 effect
http://www.fas.harvard.edu/~wricntr/documents/GP.html
dammit CURSE YOU BUFFER
13in that they make me want to track down and utterly destroy the people that make jokes like that
I would that would be /]^3^[\ awesome!
it back
RainbowAsh: ya i guess
gosh i just made a riddle....
Question for everypony: how do you think Celestia sends ponies to the moon?
These comments have ranged from "psh I bet you like twilight" to "this is why you don't send women to see a good movie" to "I bet she's a DC fanboy"
Shizuka: lol that would be mass murder.
Biglaw: russia
i belieave it would be a good place to live
Really makes me want to kill people. A lot of people.
haha trolololo face
they are rick rolling them
not much luv and tolerance here....
/me loves robotdragon7
robotdragon7: i fell you brony
cow334, language changes all the time, and there are always people who are convinced that the current trends are going to ruin everything.
oh ok..yay
fell? cow334
^
RainbowAsh: eyup that is what is also says it wont mess up your cvocabulary
I deem lag on l4d verus worst lag.
00,10Shizuka I know there are girls on the internets. in fact most our viewers think I am one -_-
mo money mo problems
CCCP: feel
you're going to die. just reminding you.
13silly filly~
:)
Sumica: hahaha
Sumica, its the name
whats is wrong with a girl on the internet its just a girl
wut?
what if equestria was heaven?
nothing special its just normal
YAY
i'm a girl, I think
00,10the name and other things
LauraP: lol
yay~
This show is awesome
LauraP: haha
13sumichaaaaaan
my drawing
cow334, if anything, reading material from many different sources, like is easily possible on the internet, can very well improve your vocabulary
1,3don't lie to them Sumichan
Sumica: probably the baby blue color
http://derpy.me/4qPRQ
RainbowAsh: eyup
YAY
05,15Don't worry Sumica, people thought I was a girl too
Rainbow dash always dresses in style
00,10*headdesk*
RAWRity: her face is actually fitting
RAWRity: okay>>>>
whose pic is dat
YAY
fluttercry: hahaha
2,14 people thought Val was short for Valerie -_-
product placement?
lol
me gusta.......
Can somepony show me how to make a livestream?
ValtheJean: is it short for Valium?
i am on a streak ill call it *the road to the kick*
lol im calling you Valeria from now on
Valerie is such a pretty name
fluttercry: i never did :P
ValtheJean: what is it shortfor then?
ValtheJean: I thought it was a reference to Jean Valjean.
Hey everypony! What are we watching?
ValtheJean: im sorry
valhalla?
2,14 Randomnerd: that's exactly what it is
hi DerpStar
DerpStar: BURN NOTICE
valthejean: I thought it was short for valthejean >_>
hello DerpStar
my cousins name is valerie
mario_pony: cool
the most dangerous game
Ah cool stuff
ponies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
house
O_O
PONIES!
What....
While everyone is fighting, Flare gets to take a break and play WoW.
Ponies
lol
YESH
finally
o... m... g...
LOL
lol wut?
Aha! I knew it. (Hair Deflates)
/me facepalms forever
seriously??
(O )___________(O ) wy she dies
I need some help ._.
LOL
house
lol
Whirlybird: whats the matter
inb4 applebloom dies
WHY havent you showed us this sooner
this video is awesome
First time I saw this episode I was like "Apple Bloom must have hit puberty"
FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUU
fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
lol
HAHA
and applebloom got lupus
Hahaha:D
lol
it aint over
Digitalis: lol why?
JOHNNY BRAVO!
Nice...
Lol
jhonny bravo FOR THE WIN
lol
lol oh GOD
Johnny Bravo!
dat consumption
johnny bravo sorry
I remember that show!
lol
I can't say. I gotta be nice xD
lol
JOHNNY
who wants to watch cartoon planet
johnny bravo was a awsome show
Wat
WTF
lol
Johnny Bravo.
lol
Digitalis: lol you nice hahahaa
OMG
LOL
lol
Hahaha:D
hah
xD
noooooooooooo
lol
OH GOD
:D
really?
noooo
cow334: I'm trying to make a Livestream for stream some stuff for a friend of mine. Can't upload the videos into a library on Livestream.com, trying to figure out how to livestream something that's playing on my computer
Sumica: No, why?!?!:D
YAY
WTF
oh dear
oh crap
ARGH I ALREADY SEEN THIS
whyyyyyy.....
yes!
YESH
6_9
BETTER SMILE BUDDY
the most spectacular mlp song ever
LOL
kikikikikikikikikikikikiki
Whirlybird: oh im sorry i dont know how to do that imsorry
Those two things.... they just don't mix
Ouch...
ya better damn well smile if she asks
FUS RO PARTY CANNON
SMILE *kills people*
JUST TO LET YOU NO *i do that to people who eat my kind
well, im smiling
*for the COWWWW
i want skyrim for pc now
pinkie arrow?
-falls off chair-
hoof bump
ValtheJean: So you read a lot of Hugo?
cow334, good thing I am vegan ^^
"Let me put a smile on your face....with my Pinkie Sword....(evil smile)" - Pinkie Pie:)
I log on and find Pinkie mass murdering everypony...its Wednesday night. how is everypony tonight?
RainbowAsh: eyup
2,14 why do you ask?
sooo who has ever ate a burger
ValtheJean: Curious :)
keep on smilin......IN THE BOTTOMLESS PITS OF HELL!!!!
*takes out knife*
Good and you Sylandest?
i love dis
if only i got skyrim on pc :O
time to move out of skyrim...
either smile, or you.DIE
< Gets everything for free on the internet.
I'll leave you be, ValtheJean
I'm doing good as well, DerpStar :)
2,14 a bit
hello Sylandest
howdy, cow334!
i might be getting skyrim for my birthday...
FlareChaser, where can you download purpose and meaning?
lol now i wanna play Equestria Scrolls :D
I'll make some smiles now...be right back! -Dash
Sylandest: good day my good sir how are you sirt my good sir on this fine day sir
00,10duel wealding pinkies
I got my own methods by doing that...
RainbowAsh: The Internet.
Oh my head.
all while doin math :D
pinkie is awesome
come every one smile for pinke killing people
oh good lord this video
cow334: im doing good, sir, rofl :D
thiss isnt the number i know
yeah
perfectly synced
Sylandest: eyup lol
lol
:) yay~
I love ham sandwiches, and this song
i can actually picture pinke pie killing that much people
This mod scares me.
and DIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
... And I thought the space program was a waste of time... The guy who modded and recorded this just hit a new mark in my book
lol
FlareChaser: Who, Sumi?:D
if you arent smiling yet, you probly still have morals
lol
Pinkie-Wielding has increased to 49
Yes this song!
yup random twilight
im leavin now bye.
whats a moral?
i got to go ill see you all later
aladdin is awesome
TheRainbowDash: Needs more Internet.
Bye robotdragon7! (kisses you)
bye robotdragon7
so.... basicly pinkie pie is singing about smiling while shes murdering everyone makes since
This song needs more Flare Chaser......
lol Biglaw
bye
Nah, its fine by its own :3
FlareChaser: What can get more internet than the internet itself?:P
song
video??
wut
by robotdragon7
TheRainbowDash: A social life? Ew.
.-.
FlareChaser: Umm...ok...
TheRainbowDash: k
lol this vid is funny
Who needs a social life when you have ponies?
this is a pretty good version
It would be cool if in S3 we see Rainbow Dash's parents
DerpStar: Aww yeah!
hes got the monkeys! lets see the monkeys!
/me grabs DerpStar
/me hugs DerpStar
Biglaw: Well, that will be awesome!
11,02^_^
12back
Hey SuperBrony64|School!
11,02Hai :3
d'
hey all!
:3
11,02i liek poniez
Hiya Purported
/me hugs SuperBrony64|School bacl
Oh you silly filly SuperBrony64|School! Second in Command of the Silliness Department reporting for duty SB! Toast?:)
11,02liek
aliiiiii
lies
11,02a whole lot :3
Purported~~
omg
I took an arrow to the knee
pony spies
SuperBrony64|School: wait, really?
back 2 burn notice
YAY
who abandome the stream
03oh, LL, you're back earlier o.o
11,02TheRainbowDash: Toast :D
SuperBrony64|School: Yay!:D
(noms on toast with SuperBrony64|School)
Hey Purported, are you back from the library?
lol
00,10SB must be on a pony break from class
nnoooopppeeeeeee
still there
Sumica: SB get those too often.:D
soylent green is people
12I know
can't you just study in the Common?
In fact, I don; think he's even in school now/.
so, can someone explain, what does it exactly mean to get "burned"? how does it happen?
12class ended a few min before my first text
03oh
03gotta take some Advil, brb
i need my reference material here
00,10Burned = fired
ekipes: fire
You're cut off, blacklisted, all your assets are frozen, no money, nothing
...
fired with fire!
12I should as well
you run into a fire :)
wut r we gonna see 4 friday movie night
and why can't he go anywhere until he finds out who burned him?
00,10but it's kinda hard to just lay off a spy
Well it goes like this its when something really hot comes into contact with you
Question for everypony: If you could have one pony live with you, who would it be? *Me it'd be Rainbow Dash!*
pony_8105: Look at the home page.
00,10so they also take away all his cash and put him on travle watch list.
working w/ A.D. 300 materials Laura.... wanna help me sneak them out?
No passport
/me he never really was on there side
im gonna go now
pony_8105: Check out the newsletter for information on that, under the Newsletter tab.
Biglaw: Vinyl Scratch
bye pony_8105
Biglaw: do they have to be in the main six?
Aww yeah, we are going to watch Monty Python and The Holy Grail on friday. Awesome!
peace
Bye pony_8105! (kisses you)
depends
When a Spy is fired, they make it so it's damn near impossible for them to work for anyone else
00,10Twi or AJ
RainbowAsh: ikr!
Vinyl Scratch would be cool too, and CCCP nope
no, get Celestia
you might need to send things to the moon
Dat accent switch.
Biglaw: Queen Chrysalis
CCCP I said PONY
Biglaw: Rainbow Dash and/or Vinyl Scratch...
If both is possible, aww yeah!
00,10dat spy
Hahahaha
Discord?
Biglaw: eh
well
Biglaw: derpy
pff
Did anypony else spot Trixie in the wedding crowd?
Having discord live with you Upside: Free chocolate milk Downside: He'd ruin everythng
CCCP: Really, a day with Derpy? Oh my...
no stream?
Roflbot refresh
TheRainbowDash: it would be awesome
Biglaw: chocolate milk and cotton candy and popcorn.
DerpStar: was she there?
00,10Stream is on mips embed
DerpStar, really? Wow, I gotta check
Biglaw: Upside with Dash/Scratch: Everything....no downsides...:)
XD
whats this?
Wat
i was trying to add a quote onto my paper from that video
CCCP: Rather for me, Dash/Scratch.
http://www.flickr.com/photos/70307237@N00/6912987556
lol i was hoping to link a courage episode, but nvm
TheRainbowDash: that would be awesome too
and well.. the flash player on that website really doesn't like rewinding back or jumping forward
03it's fine LOL
CCCP: Scratch and her Epic Wub Time, and Dash well.....being Dash...:)
wat?
I have to watch this show from the beginning sometime
it got annoying really fast to try to verify if i typed the line out correctly
XD
Being awesome!
JUST WAT Phase4
TheRainbowDash: :)
but yeah
http://en.shindanmaker.com/214326
CCCP: ello
hi Shamroc!!!!!!! :D
it was a long quote, it ended up becoming a block quote in my paper
"By Sunrise, a 21 episode slice-of-life anime about RX-78-SweetieBot's hikikomori adventures. "
hahaha
Its gonna take a week then.
hello
You only see G&PT for a sec though CCCP
oh god
By Xebec, a 50 episode action anime about Phase4's private parts.
HAHAHAA
#yay
night all
DracheEngel: oh cool ill look for her when i rewatch it for the 7th time
00,10ekips you are seting your self up for alot of watching
FlareChaser: no advertising other channels
owlicious: Shall I do the...whatheheck face?
00,106seasions of hour long eps
i'm kidding, #yay isn't a channel
Hi Shamroc
how many eps per season?
26?
oops wrong show
also, for the fun of it from another network: By Studio Ghibli, a 36 episode historical anime about SavageGrimlock's moe-ness.
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m31xqwmiM71r6alzuo1_500.jpg
What are we watching?
I just came back here
Got back here sorry
I can't talk today.
damn
RAWRity: Oh....god
Burn notice, I think thats what its called :|
What's it about?
00,1013 eps to a seasion
Thunder: spies doing spy stuff in florida
thats right
RAWRity: :'(
ah sounds dumb...
Lol jk
RAWRity: Gotta love those visual puns.
Thunder: Google.
That sounds legit
00,10Think of burnnotice as MacGyver+Mission imposable
DerpStar, is Trixie in the first or the second wedding? I've been through the second one and I only saw three derpies and a bunch of Colgates, but no Trixie
So, I can watch the whole show in one week, nice :3
I love Burn Notice
CCCP: that mouse died for a good cause. Comedy.
Is there a way i can livestream me playing House, Dubstep, Electro, etc etc i want a crowd
Burn Notice? Sweet
RAWRity: lol
Oh yeah, hey there everypony ;)
00,10the naming thing
Thunder: Hmm...there is livestream.com...
lol
Pfffft
Hello Polydunami! (waves)
Hiya Polydunami
:)
hey Polydunami lol
/me 11,01Sumicas
hi Polydunami
Not sure RainbowAsh I'm fairly confident it was in the first wedding
hi Polydunami.
00,10what's up nitt?
Nittany_Discord: What do you mean by Sumicas? Is that a verb?:D
hiya Nittany_Discord
and back
damn lag
THE LAG Is it me or the livestreamer?
And hello Nittany_Discord! (waves and hugs) How are you today?:)
Hey otakon :3
11,01You don't Sumics?
11,01*Sumica
Anyways I have to be off for a bit everypony. Hopefully I'll have time to come back on later!
hey otakon
Nittany_Discord: Well, no...
YAY
11,01OK.
I gotta hit the hay now...seeya all later
yay
How do i Sumica?
bye ekips
YAY
00,10It's just like the mario
Bye ekips! (kises you)
00,10only with more swag
11,01Exactly.
:3
haha
Sumica: What....:D
Now I want to Sumica too!:D
YAY
...
YAY
00,10Speaking of swag
I accidentally the whole Sumica xD
LOUDER!
00,10mike and the crew got it this ep
What if edited derpy was a changling?
lol
Perfect timing on that...
Swag is for boys. Class is for men.
DAMN YOU STUPID LAG DAMMIT DAMMIT DAMMIT DAMMIT DAMMIT DAMMIT DAMMIT DAMMIT
YAY
1,3Need 1 pony for L4D2 Vs match
btw Sumica ping = YAY
CCCP: seems legit lol
CCCP: That's a disconcerting thought
MahBoi777: :3
lol
Polydunami: :3
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/5nwdmenihe6dtwz5gt1m8a2.jpg
I love this show
holy
aww
kirz|zombies: i thought we needed 2
Wait, what...
lol
Sumica yay
inb4 so much explosion
TheRainbowDash: Thermite, burns through nearly ANYTHING
YAY
that was epic
swag
or not
thermite ftw
00,10one hell of a message
Sumica: the best message
otakon: That thermite....so awesome! I want some now...for my own persoanl destructive needs..
Washington and Boston are tied at one currently
yep.
1,3Need 2 people for L4D2, anyone interested?
(personal)
YAY
what is this show?
lol melt ALL the things
TheRainbowDash: it's illegal for private citiczens to own
Aagh, forgot grade 12 chemistry? Thermite is aluminum, and...
otakon: Aww....that sucks...
00,10the kid is a garbage disposal
damn
owlicious: magnesium?
Sumica: I'm the same way for the most part
I wonder how a pipe bomb is made, lol
otakon: funfact, the guys who used to do the "Is It A Good Idea To Microwave This?" show actually microwaved thermite once.
By J.C. Staff, a 3000 episode horror anime about CupcakeWarrior's love life.
RAWRity: O__________o
YAY
Wait, what..thermite is legal to own because it is made of regular elements?
RAWRity: Micheal Bay?
darnit
kirz|zombies: I would, but my computer needs a air can still :(
trying to find some sort of online timeline maker
I was going for Boston to win their series before my own Canucks were eliminated
RAWRity: I know them! JPizzle1122!:)
that doesn't require accounts
otakon: another funfact: it was sent in to them THROUGH THE MAIL
Aww yeah!
LUNA
TheRainbowDash: READY made Thermite is illegal to own without proper licenses
you CAN make thermite if you know how to
otakon: Ugh....:|
Oh look, prima cord
I leran more from this show than my science classes.
i did me
Litwick: it's awesome
^
;)
11 epsidoe about my genatiles
Hint hint?
studio deen
Shamroc, i got 50 about mine
how to be badass lol
Yeah, what is the worst thing to microwave?
A microwave
dat Luna
00,10Meanwhile in the swag mobile
Polydunami: They tried that....not too bad....(from JPizzle)
I know, I saw that one
hiya Meanwhile|Trixie .......WHY are you with Trixie?
Queue start of Die Hard 3
00,10CupcakeWarrior, luna's
"SURPRISE!"
Meanwhile|Trixie: Oh my.....:D
WHOA
She's my smoopie doo
Meanwhile|Trixie: YOU ARE NOT MEANWHILE! I CALL CHANGLING!
Meanwhile|Trixie: Aww you! You gaven in to the Trixie!:)
breach tiem
so apparently there's a company that's working on plans to eventually capture and mine METEORITES.
because fuck it, it's the future.
TheRainbowDash
lol
http://inception.davepedu.com/
Will you twonks stop pinging me?
dat someone pretending to be Meanwhile
Microwave within a microwave
I'm not even here/
By AIC, a 36 episode historical anime about otakon's hikikomori adventures.
Polydunami: ....really?:D
Meanwhile|Trixie, ohai
anything streaming?
Meanwhile|Zombies, ohai again
wait Meanwhile|Trixie and Meanwhile|Zombies...
:P
I heard about that RAWRity lol
Meanwhile|Trixie...
:D
By Bee Train, a 5000 episode comedy anime about Meanwhile's hikikomori adventures.
ahhahaha
Meanwhile|Trixie: WHY ARE THERE TWO MEANWHILES?
1,3took you long enough Shamroc :p
lol
crazy
I never asked for this.
By Yamakan, a 1000 episode sci-fi anime about Trixie's yandere stalker.
yes you did
heheh
Meanwhile|Trixie: Finally, I got to you!
00,10'plus your place is on fire'
nice
TGAPT is absent. So I know who that is.
Stop that.
and EVERTHING in this show is made of Baynium
It's bad enough that you changed your spray to that stupid edit.
Look at the lower corner http://inception.davepedu.com/
Lower left corner of the stream
I think maybe Meanwhile|Zombies doesnt like Trixie
I have no idea what you said.
At all.
YOU DON'T SAY.
:o
Either that or denial
/me slaps CupcakeWarrior with a cinderblock.
ugh. Why do I work 2 shifts?
Meanwhile|Zombies: so, what is your view on ponies?
Thats for the best
Well... I have tomorrow off at least
Polydunami: help stop SOPA? Lol
Ok, I give up, I can't find Trixie in the wedding guests.
Meanwhile|Zombies: your the real Meanwhile right?
Well, I gotta be off now, too. Bai everypony.
00,10Dat workplace hazzard
bye RainbowAsh take care
Bye RainbowAsh :3
But I'm actually rather interested in what could come of mining meteorites. I mean...imagine they open one up and it's full of Platinum. Suddenly we can make circuits with the stuff for cheap.
Bai RainbowAsh
those legs
bye RainbowAsh
0_0 oh my
By Zexcs, a 100 episode romcom anime about Krakass's love life.
Meanwhile x Trixie all the way!
otakon: Right, and I'm playing L4D2. Shoo.
^
:D
RAWRity: yeah, except for the whole mining them
Well that sounds like fun.
Mica
/me slaps FlareChaser with a cinderblock.
indeed FlareChaser
Meanwhile|Zombies: have fun.
Oh my xD
oh my
That's what, 5 seasons?
otakon: I shall.
oh myyyyyy
is there a stream?
otakon: huh?
1,3need 1 pony for l4d2 vs
ME
HHNNNG
Oh Mai
.....CHOOSE Cobellanez !
or me.
We got a 1000 episode one about Trixie's yandere stalker
Someone took my spot yersterday
RAWRity: I mean holding the thing in orbit, keeping your crew safe and being able to land on the damn thing safely and all that.
00,10pwned
Is this Burn Notice? BUCK YEAH!
damn
yes Midnight_Tempest burn notice finall y :)
*whistle*
Sumica: eeyup
Was off for like, 5 minutes
ouch
Dark92Enigma: yes it is
This show gives helpful advice in case you need to kill people in style
^^
Hello everypony!
Right when everyone ELSE was doing that
Yay
Hey there Dark92Enigma ;)
hi Dark92Enigma
Hello Dark92Enigma
heey Dark92Enigma!
hi Dark92Enigma.
YAY
pwn
Hi everypony ^^
loll
ow
and he runs anyway
otakon: well, we seem to manage it alright with man-made sattelites so...
lol
hi CuteWittleGir!!!!!!!
hi CuteWittleGir
Oh hey CuteWittleGir :)
Wow. That's more than the Simpsons. I think
just run her over
that buffer
*hugs everyone*
/me just got back from his run and it is hard foor him to focus on the chat
By twice
RAWRity: except asteroids are usually in fields that are damn hard to navigate.
d'awwwwwww
00,10dat pose
All right, which Trixie took my spot?
lol
brb
hello DaringDude!exercise, lol
and a 5000 episode camedy about meanwhile's hikikomori adventures
/me points at FlareChaser
comedy even
ffffffffffffffffff
wat
dat watch
dat countdown
I dont need 3000 episodes about my love life thank you very much
hiya FlareChaser what's up?
i just realized ponies are awesome
exercise is fun it helps me think :P
OH CURSE YOU LAG!
lol lag
^
otakon, everything would probably be done with robotics
(sighs):|
*flies around*
CCCP: O RLY
/me 11,01looks CuteWittleGir
It seems to be breaking up, this stream
This lag....
daammmnnn
Dat smile
Krakass: more then likely, still danerous
I think the stream got crossed
whoever made it needs to change the episode number generator. it can be anywhere from 1 episode to 5000+
/me finds Nittany_Discord
MahBoi777: :3
Dat lag
SOMEONE should have screencapped that
/me 11,01is found
dammit, MORE LAG
dat lag :3
11,01Now what happens?
/me beats mips with a large trout
Brb
cookie ^^
because yelling "LLAAAAAAG" totally fixes said lag, amiright?
By Xebec, a 1 episode sci-fi anime about Twilight Sparkle's homo adventures.
I'd take this over the previous embed we had
yes
XD
hai USSR... imean CCCP :)
yelling solves everything
lag
well it makes us feel better
By Shaft, a 1000 episode murder mystery anime about Rainbow Dash's harem.
/me hugs CCCp
Its funny because Twilight isnt gay
whats causing this lag?
swag
Pinkie is trying to break through
By Production I.G., a 26 episode comedy anime about Fluttershy's time travel adventures.
Soldiers, Spies? This is familiar
So, RD murders her harem?
Too much swag? I don't believe it
tag
flutter_spin: WE MUST LET HER THROUGHT!
or one of her harem murder's her
00,10my think mips must be doing alot of work.
through
tag swag lag bag
murders*
Sumica: I think so............I hate mips.
00,10lets swap it out
and the other 999 episode are about finding out who did done it
can you switch over
my mom left
TIME TO PARTY
wag
hoi Sumica what show was that
OK, is this on? I know i have little to no time, but i want to say Happy Unicorn Appreciation Day, to the millions AND MILLIONS (dramatic pause for chant) of all Equestria, for we salute you......And as for the Pegasi, and Earth ponies alike.....never fear, i'll be there to show all of my love....#HEEL.....
Mips is just a shitty sight in general.
*eats spicy chips*
RyunosukeKnT: It's Burn Notice
*site
bust out the vodka the stream is so much more entertaining when your drunk
speaking of....By Brains Base, a 50 episode yuri anime about Pinkie Pie's hallucinations.
Dark92Enigma: watch the channel advertisements
ahh I might watch that later, looks interesting
You should
That's why I prefer it when LimeV comes on.
#me
ARGH CURSE YOU MIPS!
And we have THAT embed, everypony
Refresh your streams, everypony
there we go
DAMN YOU FIREFOX
REFRESH!
By AIC, a 7 episode mystery anime about Rarity's moe-ness.
LimeV still has wrek's AFK stream.
*drinks chocolate milk*
it's still Wrek
i am admin on all the channels... except this one
00,10kerninja
hurray for refresh
Hmmm...
NOOOO!!!
By Xebec, a 14 episode fantasy anime about Applejack's moe-ness.
You ready Sumica?
yay
There we go, no more shitty mips.
its my mortal enemy: LimeV.
ValtheJean: you there man, what happened last night at the end of your stream? You didn't leave angry did you man?
we meet again
YAY
Mips is a lot better than limev imo
oh god, this is the best one: By J.C. Staff, a 35 episode mecha anime about Spike's harem.
Stardust_Phoenix: LE GASP!
LOL Digitalis
otakon......LOL i could use more of those tips, they always come in handy
le nom
indeed
*nom on cookie*
00,10I prefer mips cause auto play
shining armor will be... mine all mine (insert evil laugh)
yus
Cause this is BUFFER! BUFFER TIME!
00,10refresh embed
/me smites the buffer circle
00,10had to swap off from mips due to lag
Bufferin Bufferin
lol
da limev
mm
Sumica: so much lag.....
ranch corn nuts :3
2,14 someone pinged me a while ago, what's up?
YAY
By Ufotable, a 100 episode murder mystery anime about Princess Celestia's stalking adventures.
every yay you hear is me
00,10what lag?
an hour and a half is just too long for unresponsive lags WHooooooooooooooooooo Hoooooooooooo!!!
There is no lag
they wanted to know if you were mad at end of last night's stream, i think
I like ufotable
It's part of your mind
ValtheJean: I did man, just checking on you. YOu left VERY abruptly last night is all. Just wondering if you're all right is all.
http://inception.davepedu.com/
By AIC, a 3 episode hentai anime about Princess Cadence's outer space adventures.
lol
2,14 ah
2,14 everything's fine
I like dat button
mmhmm :0
:)
poly i still have NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Polydunami LOL just trying to sing Thriller (with changed lyrics)
??
no argueing here only love and tolerance
Dat burrrrrmb
ValtheJean: okay, just wondering. Was hoping you didn't leave the site angry is all. Sorry for giving you grief last night.
the nooooooooooo button
Polydunami: RIP headphone users
Rocklobster: this? http://www.nooooooooooooooo.com/
It should be a good tool for streamers
ohmy
2,14 believe me otakon, you nor any of the viewers caused me grief last night
*eats sopa*
ValtheJean: odl
problem solved! :3
2,14 Neither*...stupid grammar...
brb
2,14 either way, it's fine, nothing to worry about
THE MIZ: REALLY?
Les Mis?
What?
?
has anypony here seen the play les miserables?
00,10only thing that upsets Val is hugs and running out of fan fics to read
yay guns
I've seen the movie with Liam Neeson
I haven't
DaringDude: I have, although its been a long time.
2,14 -_-
no
Wait what? What didi miss?
wat is that
woa
wub
RaveBrony: u missed EVERYTHING, lol jk
:O
WallMaster did you here they might make a sequel more miserables!
MahBoi777: Lol :D
...
:o
:D
00,10lolwops
ONE TRICK PONY!?
pony?
One trick pony!:D
one trik pone
WHERE!?
PONY!? :O
Lol
DaringDude: Why would they need a sequel to Les Miserables?
YES!
lol
trick??
oh you silly ponies
the phonebooks! and this is TRUE!
Polydunami: I think it was just a bad joke.
Same reason they have a sequel to Titanic?
this is true
Polydunami: its a joke les miserables... more miserables
I would watch that
thre Titanic seeked revenge
I understand
U___U
Dis gun b gud
well.. LimeV managed to stay on this long with me, it better keep going.
that's good
for now
xD
dun dun duuuun
Digitalis: don't jinx it!
xD
They just posted that now?
otakon: Arent you glad that dari is back?
00,10Dat hit
oooohh!! another animation analysis!
darn no toast
OK....gotta go, homework time.....Later fellow bronies #ShowOff...................by the way Les Miserables II? I hope NONE of the Titanic Animated movies shows up by Friday Movie Night.......
CupcakeWarrior|Food: yes, but I haven't been kicked by daribot as of yet
damn, they are LUCKY
Hey everypony
I already saw that movie
mmm
gunfire
Oh hey WoodenToaster :)
bye Dark92Enigma and hello WoodenToaster
:$
Hey WoodenToaster how goe -HOLY SHIT
Rather, I saw the video
???
lol
lol Randomnerd
lol
Is that..................WoodenToaster?!?!?
Yea yea
i'm starting to think that this homework isn't so bad
I call shenanigans
I'm just curious what brings you here?
00,10Why is it when ever I see a well knowen name in chat my bullshit dector goes *ding*
a toaster made of wood6_9
WoodenToaster? Sweet!
I dunno Im bored .-.
Sumica ikr?
So... who's WoodenToaster ?
uh huh
Me
the paper is going to be the hardest part though, no guarantee i'll have it completely proofread and completed by then
lol
YAY
yay
lol'
Polydunami: WoodenToaster is the Brony Musician.
03http://mthruf.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/job-fails-okay-who-is-this-mailer-guy-we-hired.jpg
im back
NOOOOOO DAAAMMMMITTTTTTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WoodenToaster is obviously legit
oh this part
EVERYONE WATCH
k
boobie trap :$
lockpicking level:10
Lock Picking skill 100
ok
oh ho
AAAAAAAAAAAARRRGHHHHHHHHH
00,10fire fire fire!
Lock Picking skill: OVER 9,000
oh shit!
oh god
Dayum
unfortunately stealth isn't high enough
IT BURNS
Fire
nnnnnope
what just happened?
:O My girlfriend is going to buy me a Twilight Toy
fire resistance needs to be higher to finish this level
burn baby burn disco inferno
Something set on fire otakon
Take This...IT WOULD BE GOOD IF YOU THE MASTER OF UNLOCKING TAKE IT W/ YOU lol Resident Evil FTW :D
I watched this episode live, I freaked out
Hai WoodenToaster
WoodenToaster: I know.........wait are you THE WoodenToaster?
XD
yea
:O
ARRGGH
Howd you get here?
pony 8105 in da house
im just bored and i heard about this
-faints-
Waitaminute.....
so...
._.
ha me too u still working on that one song?
nice to meet ya WoodenToaster :)
/me yay for being able to see /nick changes
Bye everypony! I need to go to bed too, so...tired.....bye everypony! Hope to see you silly fillies tommorow!:)
Yep
00,10there it goes again *ding*
omg wooden toaster
bye TheRainbowDash!
from the hype,are you a Legend?
night TheRainbowDash.
later dash
omg the living tombstone
bye TheRainbowDash
bye rainbow
Goodnight TheRainbowDash :3
I am out of staples!!
ARRGGHHH
I've been working on a remix of the aria song from the new episdoe
LauraP: That's a shame!:D
Cool
somethin's fishy, lol
Lag is making me sad :'(
I can't organize my notes!
it must be love
*hugs CCCP*
uummm hey living tombstone woodentoaster is that really you?
aw
Oh Come On1
:p
xD
and all sexual happen
WOOAH :$
//me hugs WoodenToaster :) <3 <3 <3
lol
WHOA
I'm going to f___king kill my roommates! I KNOW they used them
]FFFFF
LauraP: used what?
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG
Wait so what are we watching here?
lol RyunosukeKnT -I can only read that in Sweetie Belle's Voice now.
OMG WoodenToaster is here?!
Hey everypony :P
OMG JACKLEAPP T
my F___KING staplers
WoodenToaster: are u the REAL WoodenToaster?
:p
LivingTombstone: burn notice
I have 3 of them!
Hey JackleApp
03Umbreon: http://mthruf.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/job-fails-the-key-to-using-extra-jacks1.jpg
LivingTombstone: it's Burn Notice
IM GOIN TO PASS OUT
yep
OMG
OMG LIVINGTOMBSTONE IS HERE!?!?!
Hey WT
I hide 2 of them, keep one in the open
hey JackleApp
hey JackleApp!
hmm thats cool
Hi
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG
Allo everypony.
Whos next? Alex S.
Hey everypony, what should I draw *pony related*
Hi Unnr
1,3wait, there's people visiting?
uuummm hi jackleapp
hey
Hey Unnr :P
hey Unnr
oh boi! visitors
I'm clueless. Who is LivingTombstone? Just wondering
/me hugs LivingTombstone and WoodenToaster and JackleApp
hey unnr
Howdy JackleApp WoodenToaster an MahBoi777!!!!
Polydunami: how dont u know?
someoene want to overnight me staples? I can't get anything this time of night
hi Unnr
*hugs back*
um?
Sup CCCP?
I just don't know
rip
dat BS-o-meter.
i want a hug
/me hugz CCCP back
yes
Polydunami: he makes teh musics
:D
Yes Ponies
Oh?
WOAH! The Living Tombstone is here???? Glomps LivingTombstone
WAHT!?
ya think
lol
dat Dashie
OH snap this one again XD
/me hugs Jackleapp
THE HELL!?
... hah
Right, hey there LivingTombstone ;)
wow i actually really like this i've been watching it recently
omg om omg
well
Bye people
Sumica: what is this?
wut
Bye WY
bye WoodenToaster
/me is listening to many PMV's and remixes
Bai toaster!
that is awesome
*WT
bye WoodenToaster
now to get the internet to work
dat kick xD
/me glomps Biglaw back
lol
omg omg omg
GODDAMMIT Wrek|Observing!
Yay
LivingTombstone what should I draw and Squee!
huh
if i had one!!!!!
wth
?
otakon: What did wrek do now?
uummm hi jackleapp
MY EARS WAHT IS GOING ON HERE?!
Hello Everypony !
wth is this?
sauce lol
Unnr: auto kick at 5 messages in 10 seconds
hello Aster
hi Aster
sorry lost the happy. but the happy's back!
Wait is WoodenToaster leaving?
this again?
hello
OMG LOL
He already did
OMG
LOL
Gah, I hate that autokick
T__T
LivingTombstone: WoodenToaster just lefft
O__________o I am horrified
who's ready to bleep applebloom
lol
0_o
Who wants to hear something trollerific?
Oh gosh, this video.
i just realized im offically a /b/tard :(
god i love this video
00,03Oh hai mark!
Ello LivingTombStone
Otakon, that is the natural response to this video
hah
Lol
this one'
lol
WAHT!?
/me nods
s not rarity
Buy some apples!
awww i gotta talk to him about our new song we are working on together
CCCP: There's nothing official about /b/
wat?
Cheerilee is a WHORE
eyup
lol
13yeah you're not living tombstone
teh end
LauraP true
00,03Oh hi, LivingTombstone!
Egad
I see how how it goes : There's two good DJs so almost nopony bothers to welcome me -_-
THE HELL!?
llol
well i'm going to go PM him so i gotta go
A SPAI
0_p
13[20:33] *** RainbowCrash88 is now known as LivingTombstone
!pokemon
0_o why...?
Sumica: THE HELL IS THIS?!
hi
3heheh, seem's we got some imposters in chat
Whut if this reall is theliving tombstone?
00,03Shizuka <3
Shizuka: ofc you see that, you silly mod!
1,3and that's not the nick he uses anyways
00,10it's ponies
Shizuka, woot?
twilie
unts unts unts
/me hugs SlurryMoon "Hi man!"
