twilight calls her a unicorn
Wrek|Observing: probably right...i wish they had just left her a unicorn, it makes much more sense that way since we know not all royalty are alicorns because of blueblood
I don't recall Twilight calling her a unicorn, iirc she just reffered to her as a princess.
Phase4-, yes, she does.
WHERE DOES SHE CAME FROM
Equestria
actually i think she does call her a unicorn
05no fuckign allcaps.
^
I remember Twilight refering to Cadence as a unicorn.
when cadance is using her magic to spread love in the flashback, i think she refers to her as a unicorn
^
and another time iirc
however, alicorn is not an actual word, so its possible that alicorns are just called winged unicorns
Not really something I was paying attention to tbh
well, alicorn doesnt actually mean winged unicorn i mean
True, an alicorn could just be a type of unicorn.
Yeah, noone seems to remember that alicorn is a fan term...
has the name alicorn actully been used on the show
Who knows, perhaps season 3 holds the answers to the infinite Alicorn questions.
alexxm: no
I only know why they call the winged ponies pegasi
Why was alicorn chosen, by the way?
not sure
05all-corn
since no video link are allowed i will post this on why i think they Made Cadance an Alicorn http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/170875
Meanwhile: i think our best bet for universe information would be from the creators of the show, not the actual show
Twi_Fi: because fans
05its rather logical really
05take unicorn.
05remove uni
read the comments in link to understand
05add all
pegasus
05allcorn
Ingwaz: Implying there isn't some kind of connection there between the two?
05replace the l with i for a smoother word
And because allcorn sounds like a pizza topping
It seems too forced to me.
Meanwhile: i'm saying i doubt they'll bog down the show with pony lore to that extent when lets be honest, theyre still targetting the show at kids, not us
we just happen to love the show regardless
It makes sense to think of alicorns as winged unicorns.
the other name thats used is pegacorn
I dunno Ingwaz I'd say they leant more toward us in season 2.
but imho thats a stupid name
Yeah, pegacorn sounds worse to me.
PEGICORN
Hence, why I stick to alicorn despite my misgivings.
Lets call them magic
Indeed, Meanwhile http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-bronies-change-everything.jpg
05all-in-one-corn
=O true
the word pegasi come from the mythical horse 'pegasus' isn it?
Mmm, corn
Indeed^
Radu: makes you think
Yeah it does
the image i meen
05pegasi is the pegasus for many
Meanwhile: disagree, if they had, there would have been blatantly obvious fan nods everywher, not just somewhat hidden. i think theyre still just sticking with faust's ideal that shows for kids can actually have a story line and things that adults like
If they can just mention that Blueblood and everyone else of that kind of rank are just put there for the sake of politics and have no actual relation to the princesses I'll be happy.
05its whats its called... prula?
05prural*
plural
Different kingdom.
Ingwaz: I'd say Derpy's entire existence is one big fan nod.
05plural**
Nice try Wrek|Observing. :P
I agree Meanwhile x)
Got there in the end though :P
Oh my, I'm so glad Blueblood was forgotten
pegasus is one of the most well known fact in acient greek mytholigy
Meanwhile: indeed it was, i'm not saying theyre not reaching out to us, just that theyre still making it with the kids in mind for the most part and us after that
05another theory could be that theres a set of allinonecorns in each kingdom.
05equestria being the capital kingdom
I don't, since he did appear in a episode. :p
05due to sun & moon control
I think you're beginning to push the term 'alicorn' a bit Wrek.
Could be me.
05what gave that away?
Shepard is damn coward
=o
05which once again makes its much more logical that candence originalyl was intended to be a unicorn
Maybe she used magic?
Yerp.
^
Truth.
Wrek|Observing: faust said herself that cadance was originally suppoed to be a unicorn
We're not getting anywhere discussing this xD
But it does mean unaging Wrek|Observing.
perhaps shes a particully young alicorn then
05it just means that you wont die of natural casues
Let's just say Alicorn's are very rare -The End.
And Cadance has verifiably aged.
luna controls the moon, celestia controls the sun and cadance was left in charge of twilight /bad pun
Oh for-
Glitch|School, I may have to hit you for that :P
Where'd she come from?
indeed it does not, but it would be difficult to be married to someone who presumably will outlive you by a thousand years unless theyre murdered
05one could argue that she will age and grow. but never die
Ahaha, she's in charge of love if one is forced to pick something and set her as an Alicorn
Lasharus, come at me brony!
Wouldn't that make Celestia and Luna... well, unaging then? Because otherwise they'd be kinda degenerate by this point. :P
Point taken and noted Ingwaz.
Growing up and growing old are different things. In mortal life forms, the latter starts when the former is almost done. Not so with Alicorns.
/me slaps Glitch|School. You did ask for it.
Well... Celestia is over 1000 years old.. isnt she? xD
at least Airpuff
Luna too for that sake.
If not older.
Season 1 luna vs Season 2 luna :)
Since she was trapped on the moon for 1000 years
I'd say she is 2012 years old, tbh
We have no idea how old the royal sisters are, but damn old at least.
05probably candence will grow to be large or simmilary large to luna & celestia. but that will take some time
/me slaps back
Ow.
Season 2.
I mean look at the difference :)
I forgot Luna was IN season 1.
For about, 40 collective seconds.
Well, Luna never grew to Celestia's stature.
season 2 luna has more of a personality is season 2
That's because you're silly Meanwhile.
:3
I want another Luna episode.
05meh, candence was a fluke that grew wings. she wont become older than any other unicorn.
05a freak of nature
I like Luna and Celestia being special, and alicorns other than them just rare
05due to inbreeding
Let's go with that Wrek|Observing.
Cadance is a mutant. Moving on.
It was so epic in season two.. dont remember the name of the episode.. "The voice of the royalties xD
Royal Canterlot Voice
Uhoh.
canterlot voice
xDD
Luna Eclipsed
EXTREME READING
Loved that one ahaha
and it was "the Royal Canterlot Voice" :)
Wow, no actual all-caps.
I am faintly astounded.
True, remember now =O
(3...)
(2...)
(1...)
http://i164.photobucket.com/albums/u7/Phantomdarklover/30minutechallenge.png dat ladycanary
Ponies
Power reading
Oh, you're right, Lasharus. It's THE ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE!!!!!
Cute =o
There we go Kandarihu, thank you.
05hi Derpy_at_work
Ye GODS Spectrum_Rush.
I need to see Luna more before I can rank her on my list of awesome ponies.
05you tried to reach me yesterday?
sorry
hai
but i needed to get my opinion out
hey Derpy_at_work hows your day been
Quite all right :P
I just didn't expect the sudden wall.
Hey Shizuka.
05Shizuka!
Spectrum: lauren was not reminded of her baby sitting time until well in to s2 i believe. by then the finale story would most liekly already have been in production
Well, let's just wait and see. Canon seems to have a way of bringing our theories down on our heads.
Derpy_at_work: that's one cute OC
Apology not accepted, espicially with the 404 image.
13bluh..
lol, nice shot Sumica
Allo Shizuka.
13stupid puppy woke me up..
Oh, hi Shizuka
hi Shizuka
hai errypony
Hello everyone
Hey CountDoofus
Allo CountDoofus and Cobellanez.
Hello
allo Cobellanez :)
http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/169195?search=trixie OMG thats the big secret?
hey CountDoofus hows your day been
Hi Shizuka, hi CountDoofus, hi Cobellanez.
same old same old. yours?
hey Cobellanez hows your day been
Ingwaz tru but i just think it'd be a nice little thing
Ahahaha
good CountDoofus
Just woke up so fine
hi everypony!
oh, this ME3?
hai Mrluigifan102
cieling cat is watching Trixie
Spectrum_Rush: it would be nice, just saying i think its unlikely
RainBowJack: i like that secret
Oh my...
Hi Mrluigifan102.
me 2
New Ubuntu 12.04 LTS released
Gibbed
hey mrluigifan102 hows your day been
05time to upgrade my laptop then Renard
Sumica: Y U NO HUG PYRO!?
not bad
Hmpf.. I'm bored =S Think ima launch Amnesia =P
I wish I had photographic memory.
and yours
?
I forget what Amnesia is.
Just wanted to throw that out there.
Supposedly a super scary horror game.. or what ever..
the horror game
not really that scary if you ask me... but its cool
Amnesia for the win.
Mfw people didn't get the joke.
good mrluigifan102
The reason why you need a shopping cart full of new underwear.
Hayguyz
xDD
05Meanwhile: it was funyn the first 1000 times
Meanwhile, ...........boo.
lol
OICWATUDIDTHAR
hey dr-whooves hows your day been
hey everypony im back
Hi dr-whooves.
HE DEAD
Wrek: And it'll be funny the next 1000 times!
404 image? Twi_Fi?
Hi Gilbert.
sup Twi_Fi
Absolute shit >:\ spent 16 hours downlaodign then i get an error saying i need to start over, i but this is cheering me right up :D
.... Oh joy -.-
who is streaming and what is being played?
Spectrum_Rush, at the end of your wall of text, there was a link to ponibooru but it lead nowhere.
hey Gilbert hows your day been
05Spectrum_Rush: the image you linked got cut off due to you running out of type space
05so the url stoppedw orking
How would you react if the VA of one of the Mane 6 would be changed?
http://www.derpy.me
the VA?
Voice actor.
GASP
its been okay so far i guess alexxm. Woke up about 20 minites ago, took a few Soma(good ass muscle relaxers) cause i hurt my back working yesterday.
That'd depend on how much they sound like the character we're used to.
the. worst. possible.thing!
Depends on how well that person re-enacts the voice.
BUFFERING!
what game?
hmm. worked for me just now sorry than, Twi_Fi
05Spectrum_Rush: didnt you hear me?
GoWxMass Effect?
05your link got cut off
Mass Effect, probably 3
05no one was able to load it
Spectrum_Rush, I am disappoint.
:'(
It's kinda hard to hear text Wrek.
i only just saw Wrek
05Meanwhile get out
hurhur
Wait, am I the only one that can hear you all?
?
But I'm enjoying myself! D:
I am reading you all in my voice
xDD
bye guys TL;DW
/me is so confuse link works for me but noone else
Who? -_^
Bye dr-whooves.
Guy from Amnesia =P
dead
so long dr-whooves
xD Wrek
Gallium Yttrium
05Spectrum_Rush: links work
get it?
05but you actually gotta give us the FULL LINK
05casue your link got CUT OFF
Nopony gets my joke :(
nope.
05cause you ran out of LETTERS in 1 MESSAGE
Gallium=Ga Yttrium =Y
I'm not sure if any of you are real.
Dem emphasis caps
llo
Beside SB64, but that is because I saw him on stream.
Hey, Dr-Whooves, I guess you've heard Stuck in time? =O
nvm. bai
and nope
What?
Really?
ok than here if i didnt mess up again
I can link mobies right?
...
http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/170875
movies*
Dat kick
I know dat feel, Twi_Fi
Confound you ppl you drive me to stay and really
did i do it right?
Airpuff, you can't link vids while there is a stream.
oo
Okai xD I just asked
PM me
kk
hey guys
05why does no one read their kick messages?
05* Airpuff was kicked by Wrek|Observing (You were Wreked for sending 5 messages in 10 seconds. (BOOM HEADSHOT))
Airpuff, nah, it's cool.
Wrek: tl;dr.
mass effect?
what did i send so many?
05yes
Time to send 5 messages in 10 seconds.
/me anyone? :(:(:(
IMBOSSIBRU
05which is why you were autokicked
woops
wat spectrum?
Sorry =s I dont know how i did that lol
05Spectrum_Rush: yes you did
05it worked
You typed 5 messages in under 10 seconds.
god my chat is derping so bad
That's how you did that.
Sunshine, sunshine ladybugs awake, clap your hooves and do a little shake!
>.> Sorry =c
05yeah shake that plot
shake dat flank
challenge accepted
05Airpuff: its automated
05dont excuse yourself
glad to see i wasnt the only one who was thinking that Wrek|Observing
By God that's HHNNNNNNNGG
Okei xD
puzzles?
thank u Wrek|Observing sorry for the trouble
who's streaming?
Sumica is
ah
Spectrum_Rush, I saw the link now, it worked.
yay
I think I can hear Wrek groaning all the way over here
Inb4 he stops her with a bullet to the face.
lol okay
08,01oh man
ok Twi_Fi sorry for before
08,01that song
challenage accepted
oh man!
08,01the This Day Aria
Owned.
game overm na game over
08,01i love it so much
05i really disliek when peaopel exuse themselves when its uneccesary
What did you call it?
Spectrum_Rush, apology accepted. Though it wasn't really necessary to begin with. :)
08,01in fac,t i love it so much that i'm going to learn it
Oh I know Wrek, when people try and be sorry I'm all like "RAR Your selfless compassion fills me with murder frenzy!"
Points for the referance.
08,01and possibly include it in my audition reportoire
08,01for choirs and suchlike
sounds good
08,01because it needs an impressive range
... What is the song called? T.T
08,01This Day Aria
dat loading
08,01alexxm: it's been okay
Oo kai
08,01off to run home and phone some people
08,01see if i can actaully reach Tara Strong's agent this time...
whats the thing on sheperds back?
wut
08,01or, even better, Daniel Ingram
wut
05hmm
dentidiot: That'd be the Cain.
05shall i bring a suit?
05or casualwear?
/me bows head in shame
08,01Wrek|Observing: if you want; wear whatever you feel comfortable in
bronyconuk Ingwaz
05i meant if i come to the con :|
ponies= srs bsns
08,01Wrek|Observing: yup
05neat
08,01i know, that's what i mean
05doucehbag outfit
05go!
08,01heh
05gelled hair, silver chain, sunglassesm tank top and short shorts and sandals.
05and a fake tan
he ded
05that hurt to type...
08,01wear lots of bling.
Oh god why...
So many colors.
00m04o08o09o13o11r12e 00c12o09l11o12o08o04o08u11r
:) colours are good
Dem rainbows.
can we try some?
08,01anyhoos, i'm off to do some vitally important stuff
Just dont taste them =O
08,01like catching a bus.
08,01see y'all!
bye
Wrek: Take a brony shirt?o:
05if someone could buy me one I would Radu.
i like how none of the enemies can shoot at him while hes behind something
Oh, I see
fail
05cause right now im br0ke
xD I love the way 50% of his head is over the crate xD
ded
Or.. box =s
they leanred at the same school as stormtrooper
Goddamn shipping. A brony T Shirt is $25 and the shipping is freaking $19
Dat shipping.
ikr
Lol..
05thats not so much
why do they have to charge so much for clothes :(
Comapred to the price of the T-shirt...
Said the broke guy
I know, but I could do a lot of stuff with $19
05its not the shirt that costs
05its the print
05specialyl if its a laserjet
05the ink for those are expensive as shit
hmm still pricy though
But the shipping in US is free ;_;
shut up
The price is alright.. the shipping ... is what hurts =c
why do i have to live in england
dentidiot, yeah.
0544$ is only 300SEK roughly.
Try norway -.-
Xanbreon
need to get going, later everypony
I'm failing at writing the conclusion
Try Eastern Europe
05so its ratehr cheap
bye
Later Ingwaz
I have 1130 words
cya Ingwaz
Bye Ingwaz.
Bye
need to write a conclusion to end the thing
dunno how to write it
Bye Ingwaz
05id buy it next month if i didnt have so high expenses
Bye Ingwaz
shepard is a one man army here
In conclusion, this essay sucks, just give me a fracking A or ill cut your balls off
I dont get.. why dont they hit his head? xD
cos
Crap, it just hit me that there will be no new pony episode this weekend.
aliens
Okay, why didn't anyone tell me there's an "insane" mix of "For the New Lunar Republic"? DX
Because they're videogame AI
XD
A duuuuuuh
/me is sad.
A conclusion is a quick summery of your main points, and what you think your actual answer to the question asked is
its ok we'll live
theres always reruns Twi_Fi
Hahaha, its like.. I can see his helmt... SHOOT THE ITEM HES HIDING BEHIND x)
we got movie night
Twi_Fi: Time to read fanfics!
I know, but I still don't know if I should buy it or not. I mean, I'm afraid for the imperfections
its wierd how the enimes dont go next to him!
here a t-shirt is $25 shipping cost another $25 plus taxes a 30% of the total
I hope you guys have heard the Brony songs...?
As i have explained that emma is a biatch and that hanging with friends is for pussys, I conclude that emma is a <censored>
Which ones? there's so many
I guess you have...
eyup
Like, the colours being sightly off
dentidiot: would you really run out of cover in an attempt to get next to the guy trying to shoot you?
For example Discord..
maybe
Im not even sure which word I got kicked for
:(
yesh discord!
Epic. Shit. Ftw.
xD
Nuke to the face.
lol
yep
05ima gona place an order on WLF. and see the total price.
buy us some presents wrek
It'll be around 40 bucks, Wrek
pwease :)
last word
Ah
Bugger
Do it for the community! xD
Since you're a few countries away from me
05thing is i dont like any of them
I love listening to Discord Days, that Demon Days spoof
There should be a lottery when movies and episodes are picked for movie night, where someponies can win prizes.
woo
like what Twi_Fi
is it country locked though?
I wish that transatlantic shipping wasn't so goddam expensive, especially from the US... Curse you WLF, why do you have to reside in the US?!
Also, there's the promo code EQUESTRIA10 for a 10% discount
on WLF
Radu: Good to know!
alexxm: t-shirt, drawing, pony toy, candy, anything.
But 10% on a $25 T shirt is only $2.5
is it for any country twi_fi?
alexxm, obviously nothing expensive.
Oh wow, Twilight Sparkle hats
... That IS 2.5$... Think of all the treasures you can buy *-*
wouldn't the candy be out of date if it has to be shipped to another country Twi_Fi
two things from poundland xD
I'm camping WLF, waiting for another 25% discount soon
I have guestimated that I need to spend at least 100 bucks US on merch in order for a WLF order to be worth it for me. To balance out the shipping expense that is. =/
Yeah, I didn't think it through.
xles, where do you live?
Radu: Soviet Sweden.
Soviet Sweden?
Lol Soviet sweeden.. xD
Oh, Sweden
sounds legit
spiders.txt
I want prizes though.....
... Sweedes...
The shipping for T Shirts in Europe is about $15-$25
Makin jokes of us norwegians! D=
05tjenare xles.
:O
Shipping would make it impossible.
Wrek|Observing: Tjofläns!
speaking of Sweden
05norr eller söderöver?
Wrek|Observing: Haningetrakter, söder om Stockholm.
/me Swedish Spitfire~melts
lol
05you have my condolences.
05norr om gävle FTW
I'd point out the English only rule if I were brave enough
I should read My Little Dashie tomorrow.
... xD
Good luck, Twi_Fi!c:
...
I keep putting it off.
Yeah. Best of luck
Do It Filly
It is brutal.
remeber tissues
Wrek, how much did the shipping cost?
Meanwhile: Yeah, it is a tad rude of us isn't it.
05havent found one i like
tell it to shut up
I want myself the fluttershy bag... Sooo baaaad.
O, I thought you were just checking the shipping price
utf-8 encoding in my irc client: check
okay 1202 words
finally done
now to format the stupid thing
05whats the point if i dont like any of them? no reason to buy then
Perhaps there'll be one released soon
I think I'll acquire myself some funds to get all kinds of various merch from various places and ship it all via jetcarrier or something... We'll see.
/me claps
06Make the conclusion a "tl;dr: drugs are bad, m'kay" or something for bonus points.
Mr wizard! Get me the hell out of here!
06Also hi
06:3
do it Twi_Fi
Poof.
I'm scared.
oh man!
do it Twi_Fi
05MP me a good WLF tshirt
05i cant find any good ones >.>
Relay's gone supernova.
I'll try
But it all depends on tastes
How long is the fic?
dumb advert
About 12000 words, Twi_Fi
Theres a cool sweater with Big mac on it xD
er robot shepard?
Ofc.. might not be on the page, you're on though
hmmmm
I'm not really big on t-shirts myself... I use them as under shirts. Proper dress shirts ftw. But hoodies are ok.
05only one i like so far is http://www.welovefine.com/1401-too-shy.html
05but i want twi...
daw
oo thats nice
DeadChannel.irc
Ikr.
he sounds like optimus a bit
!espeon
/me now belongs to Xanbreon for 13 minutes
Drugs are not bad! >;3
I really like that Trixie nouveau on WLF, but being the nit-picking prick won't allow me to buy it because "Powerful" in french is "Puissante" and not "Incroyable"
06~
How about this one? http://www.welovefine.com/2050-twilightlicious.html
（╯°□°）╯ uoǝdsƎ
thanks Sumica
lol
Calling it..........right after research
06Are you flipping me?
02*WB03(Ray03)02WB* - <Ray> 02I'm a walking CDC nightmare, It makes me want to hug someone
Ahahaha xD
yay
Eh, that duckface kills it for me
finally
thx for the Stream Sumi
done
it's 1am
time to sleep
lol getting up at 5am tomorrow
fun
well 'night
Sleep well
00,10All you wrek
06nini
Thanks for streaming.
cant fix my face xD
I am flipping you Espeon
Thanks for streaming Sumica.
CountDoofus: You too eh? The ones tara strong auctions off on ebay are much nicer. =(
Welp, i managed to convince my bf to watch MLP today xD
Flipflipflip
thx man
thanks Sumica
o.o
yay
One more thing? =O
Wait what? Tara Strong auctions stuff on eBay?? *rushes over*
KNEW IT
OGODNO
SATAN COMES!
xDD
I Knew it Sumica you troll
/me foams at mouth and collapses
oh lord
this is normal to me now
05same here, duckfaic kills it
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo
Even Megan and Applejack are like "dafuq?"
arent we all
I can't see Seaponies without thinking of the deep ones.
lyra
Lyra
doesnt the rules say trolling isnt allowed?! xDD
lies
Kill them with fishingpoles!!
T.T
kill them with fir...water?
http://fav.me/d4uz6ys lawl
it was gweat
we nearly died
Well, I have to go. If I come back on here all depressed tomorrow you'll know why. See ya everypony.
bye
... Lifeforce.... so... low...
toodles Twi_Fi, keep yer chin up!
cya dentidot
Haha lyra
im not going
bye Twi_Fi
What do you think about this one, Wrek? http://www.welovefine.com/1879-escape-from-ponyville.html
hey guys what up
05this one was rather nice
05http://www.welovefine.com/2024-flame-within.html
i was saying bye to twi_fi xD
lol
hey guys
oo cool.
hey happy
Allo happy
hai happy
whats going on?
it be loading ._.
nothin'
you missed hell
Stream done for now?
i think so
You missed shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo
i saw pony SEA CREATURES O GOD WHY GEN 1
?
05startign stream soon
k
ok
:(
brb someone bleep me when th stream is back on please
ill be on other tab
Strangely obsessed with tubs of jelly...? x)
Ahaha, steampunk http://www.welovefine.com/829-sp-buddies.html
http://www.welovefine.com/1049-checklist-pleases-me.html ?
All the twilight shirts seem a tad dull... And I'm detecting a slight overrepresentation of dash and pinkie.
Now that. Was a cool t-shirt
06@.@
/me spins
So many 20% cooler T shirts, in fact
00,108am, time for bed >_>
:P
night Sumica!
cya Sumica
I'd say "night," but I'll just say "morning" instead HEHEHEHEHE not funny. Sleep tight either way.
night Sumica
Hello bronystate
hiya ZombieBrony
02*WB03(Ray03)02WB* - <Ray> 02I'm a walking CDC nightmare, It makes me want to hug someone
hey ZombieBrony hows your day been
/me chews an eon
Spin for my amusement and pleasure
I laughed
has the chat derped
linking a video while stream is down, whee! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzsxfO7dBlA&list=FLX6QmDnqXAPEt-x03fEnotA&index=2&feature=plpp_video
05im now at 42$
05uh
05anyone want to sponsor me a shirt? :|
05anyways
Heh, this one isn't so bad: http://www.welovefine.com/2018-sherlock-pinkie.html
still waiting for my welovefine order to arrive
Wrek|Observing: Hehehe, I said something similar on twitter, welovefine retweeted it. =P
lol
welp i'm off for now
bye Morning and goodnight ev'ryone
Wrek, do you have a job? Perhaps you can save up some money
05i do not have a steady income
Oh, that sucks
Well, from where do you get your money?
Yay stream
hi everypony :)
bye Spectrum_Rush
and hi Rainbow--Dash
05the state gives me 1000SEK a month but other than that its onyl comissions.
/me Sticks around to see what Wrek doe s for a moment
/me hi
05which is roughly 150$
Hmm, $150 a month?
damn
Only 150$ A MONTH???
13http://i.imgur.com/9xoxa.png
REALLY D:
Hes on stream :3
05read "gives" again
XD
OH NO HES GOING TO BreAK THE INTERNET INFINITE STREAMS XD
whoa, streamception
That means, if you buy a T Shirt, you have to stay with 108$ one month
0_0 duck...
From the state, I mean
drawing :D
05also add that i pay roughly 500 in bills aswell
Oh, crap
S:
05and anotehr 200 for cigarretes
D:
HOW???
Perhaps you can try and give up smoking for a month?
YAH :D
05its a suprise ive managed this month cause this month i payed 800 in bills
Well, you can either get a job, or give up smoking
Give up smoking :)
05dont have time for a job untill late june
Hmm
Heya Bronystate, can't really talk
Give up smoking :)
Try to lower the bills?
best. picture. ever. http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/kvxhzyxzdes4lgbdr0dmxa2.jpg
telling a smoker to give up smoking is like telling us to give up ponies
it would be hard to break that habit
hi
just ask my parents
I also need to acquire myself a steady source of income. Easier said than done unfortunately. =(
Well, there are pills for giving up smoking
Not sure if they actually have effect, though
Radu: There are pills for ponies too. The red one.
xles: Oh, you
=D
Well, for people who are looking to ween themselves off smoking. I'd suggest trying to use E-Cigarettes
Chezne i wasnt telling him to give up i was saying he could try :P
allright goin' for reals now c ya'll later
05oh but i already have
/me got distracted by having to go retrieve a bin.
/me noms all of the blue pills.
Pills for cigarettes?
05ive alreayd lowered my phone bill from 300 to 140
Oh
Wrek's drawing now. Score.
I love slow days with no deliveries to make :)
/me yay
05spotify is kinda obligatory so
That's good, how's your light bill?
05live at home atm
Oh
05will rpobably do so until late august
You can ask one of your parents to give you some money?
05dependign on where i go to uni
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/lphds-f-begrrgpqomcejg2.png
05(note that if i move to go to uni those 1000 will be 8000)
Wrek|Observing: What are you going to study if you don't mind me asking?
Oh, that's good to know
Is university free in Sweden?
05yes and no
Radu: Most are. Some aren't, but in general yes.
05Å
05^*
Then, are you going at a free one?
05yes
05but keep in mind rents can be as high as 4000
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/ewxqccmubew44m-7zz6rda2.png
Hi
05plus food n shit
Psh
You can get a part-time job
Radu: The ones I want to go to (film school, that isn't the state operated school), are damned expensive.
05yeh
Sick beat
whats the name of this pony Wrek|Observing
05but to answer xles: depends on where i get in. it could be here in Umeå, that way i can still live at home for a little while. or stockholm in case i take the line there. or skövde.
05last resort will be karlshamn/krona
Hey wrek nice music :)
You can borrow some money from banks
05i never take loans
But it'll be a pain to give it back
Wrek|Observing: I meant more, major wise.
05its a policy i have
Hi everypony!
05never take loans i can guarantee i will survive
Studying economy would be good these days, in the crisis
hey DJ-PON3
hey DJ-PON3 hows your day been
Oh fine thx :)
Hey wrek i didnt know you were german :)
Wrek is Swedish
Oh :P
I just know what german looks like it just looked simaler to me sorry :P
RX-78-SweetieBot: She'll listen politely to your story...THEN FEAST ON YOUR SOUL
Wrek, are you still working at that game thingy?
With guns, zombies, etc.?
05Filosofie kandidatexamen.
05Huvudområde: Utveckling av digitala spel.
05Bachelor of Science
05Main field of study: Digital Game Development
05to answer field of uni
Cool.
Are you still working for that game company?
Beware Wrek, though way ahead. Everyone wants to be in the games industry those days.
05yes i do radu, but thats on my free time. and its royalty based. indie game is indie game yaknow.
Oh, I see
Hey Wrek|Observing I got paint sai :) now all i need is a windows pad so i can draw better than i currently can, currently my drawings look like the show I WANT MORE THAN THAT I can draw much better with pencil so im going to get a pad :)
What type do you suggest?
05introus 4.
05its a gem
I always get about $30 on my birthday, since I'm still a teenager
Wrek|Observing: I've heard rumors regarding the tips on the intous 4 pen being somehow crap compaired to the 3 pens. Wearing out faster and whatnot. Anything you can comment on?
hey Rainbow--Dash hows your day been
xles: Dat interview
oh just fine :)
05the tips wear a bit faster
05but since they are easely replaced
Hey ponypeeps
Radu: Haha, I'm just curious. I'm looking into tablets myself, and hearing such rumors tend to make you wonder.
Indeed.
Wrek|Observing: What's the price on the replacements?
hey Sundaysmile hows your day been
super
though I noticed a wierd thing with the chat
05havent had to buy any since it came with 10 replacements
it only works if I use popout
the bamboo fun ones are a good starter tablet for those who haven't used one before, the price for it isn't that bad though
Also, you can get a 10% discount on the T Shirt with the EQUESTRIA10 promo code, just saying. It's just about $3 economy, but any bit matters
05and so far ive only worn down 1
and replacement nibs and such isn't that much i believe also
05Radu: i based with that one
Wrek|Observing: Oh. Well fair enough then. I shall worry about the issue no further. Thanks. =D
Oh
Wrek|Observing the introus does look good however do you know of any nice ones where you can see the screen because that could be a big problem for me...
05Rainbow--Dash: you jsut gotta get used thats all
ok then :P
It's not entirely unlike learning to work a computer mouse rather than a light pen. ....Somewhat antiquated analogy perhaps, but valid, i think.
You know, I kind of lucked out with my hobby being writing. All the equipment I need for what I do is a word processing software, and a computer that can access Dictionary.com
RAWRity: Or a type writer.
i have to go everypony
bye for now
Bai RainBowJack.
Oh lord, with the way I type, I shudder to think how I'd do with a typewriter.
cya RainBowJack
oh
13hey folks, just want to let you know we've deployed a fix for the chat embed refresh button
Wacom has released an intuos 5 series... When did this happen?
is anyone else having problems with youtube? Like thumbnails taking FOREVER to load (they're black for like 30 seconds before they load) and the banner on the home page never loads
it wasn't too long ago i believe xles
did the stream just go to a black screen for anyone else
sadly I'll never afford it T_T
Anyone? Youtube? Loading thumbnails properly?
Anyone have any experience with the 5? I think I have to go read some reviews, now I'm all curious. =O

YAY FALLOUT :)
dat duckface http://derpy.me/kSX-E
dat new vegas
Wrek: aquire a hat
....................Anyone at all... literally all you have to do is open a browser and go to youtube...
ah god that intuos 5 looks so damn sexy... i must have one!
Oh and btw, Rainbow--Dash if you reeeaaally want a display in your graphics tablet, IIRC the wacom cintiq line has that. Don't quote me on that though.
PonyImp: little slow but they worked
try ctrl+f5
They work eventually, but do they appear all black forever before they finally load?
yeah
Yeah xles its cintiq
what about the ad banner, did it load for you?
youtubes probably changed how they work
but be warned they are expensive
/me has adblock
/me should have been in bed 5 hours ago
lol
hi everypony
How about logging in
xles XD omg 1500 pounds
hi Onyxia
It won't load the log in page, comes up with a cannot find page style error
PonyImp: already logged in
/me hugs Phase4-
hey Onyxia hows your day been
give it a minute, they're probably updating the site right now
Rainbow--Dash: pfft, you can't even get half a decent zeiss cine prime for that.
lol
/me hugs Tarku back
This was happening last night too though
alexxm: helped a friend with his homework and now im free kinda
Rainbow--Dash: Do I win the "most expensive hobby I can't afford to have" award now?
Ya I click sign up and I get "Web page is not available"
PonyImp: what browser are you using?
im thinking im going to get a bamboo tablet for a little more than 50 pounds :)
It happens in ALL of them
chrome, firefox, internet explorer
all of them being...
ah
XD
The music changed
lol
good choice Rainbow--Dash ^^
lol ikr digitalis the best for the cheapest :)
PonyImp: no problems logging in. http://acounts.google.com << does that work?
lol jk
hell yes
i suppose that wrek streaming
yep
I love those ghouls - especially when playing at night with the lights off and running into a hoarde of them in a little hallway
sry, typo. http://accounts.google.com/
yeah...Fallout
05who else can kill roaming ferals from logn distance with a varmit rifle? :P
hey Sumica, I want to ask you something
me :)
lol
no need for varmit rifle though
"Web page is not available"
...where is the name "Sumica" from?
I HAZ THE ALIEN BLASTER :)
Hello everyone.
lol
/me laughs evily
hey pyrocatboy hows your day been
Yo guys waz up
everypony having fun :)
no
alexxm: meh
youtube is broken
i am DJ-PON3 how about you
throw something!
it just worked for me PonyImp
Im fine just creating some remixes
can you sign in?
Rads :P
google as a whole is broken for me
Hello people!
lol
yea PonyImp
takes forever to load or doesnt load at all, every other website is just fine
13there's a 90% chance the problem is on your end
google is broken, yeah
hey RanjWinner
twilight :)
What's the problem?
how is it on my end if EVERY other website loads just fine?
hey RankWinner hows your day been
/me puts tech wiz hat on.
this website loaded fine, tera's website loaded fine, every help website i've tried to find loads fine
google is back.
Fine thanks, your alexxm?
pwnd
good RankWinner got some producers for a propety show coming to have a meeting with my mum today
PonyImp, have your tried pinging websites that don't load?
Nice, good luck =D
how do you do that
Press the windows key and R
Then type cmd and press enter
Im loving this music.
In the cmd window that opens type in 'ping' followed by the url of the websites that won't load, followed by -t
hey Litwick hows your day been
It's 9 AM where I am Alex. I haven't gotten to my day yet.
right sorry Litwick
again...again and again
could not find http://accounts.google.com
HEADSHOT
Hmm... that's... odd
there
everyone try to go to that website
I'll have to mute this stream for a little while I catch up on a Nuzlocke run I've been rreading.
tell me if it loads
who is streaming?
Nope, doesn't seem to work
Well
HA it's not just me!!!
>:D
It's HTTPS and my internet is odd
One second, need to take pvn/proxy off
FO:NV doesn't have bullet drop?
I stand corrected, it does work.
https://accounts.google.com/ManageAccount
you can try that one too
Still HTTPS
Actually, that could be it
doesn't work at all
You could try using your range finders,
the three lines below your crosshair scope
I think every game needs Twilight in their HUD.
Do any websites with https load?
use the bottom one.
it's for longest range
amazon's login loads just fine
and its https
Oo Fallout
... that song...
Who's playing??
PonyImp , type 'ping accounts.google.com -t' into comand prompt and press enter.
Going to the dentist to visit colgate.
Later!
Sumica: your not even hitting use your range the lines below the crosshair are for differint ranges i would recomend the second one. for this range.
xD Gl x)
request timed out
Well it seems I got my boyfriend into ponies, Mission Accomplished on my part. I've fufilled my duty.
Enjoy your root canal Randomnerd
RankWinner: all requests are timing out
I really... hate that song.. remember when i played Fallout.. it kept on playing... again... and again... and again.. >.>
that texture bug
PonyImp are you at home or on another network like a public WiFi place?
home
Back to basics then. Have you tried restarting/changing browser?
/me prays
:D noob
/me prays PonyImp is not using IE.
I told you i've tried ALL browsers on it
ewww IE
/me gags
IE/Chrome/Firefox (im using chrome now)
,
hello
Have you tried restarting your router?
... .... The browser.. whose name should not be mentioned..
I'm baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack!!
How do >_>
First, what country/region are you in?
US
If your in the UK with BT I can help, if not then... er... search online for it
FINALLY, i'm done with my homework
that aim
Hes going to die xD
Ah.. maybe not x)
How is it going, everypony?
doesn't google have like.. a help phone #
If you can't aim don't play FPS XD
Seriously.. headshots take one bar.. xDD
.... He's using bullet guns on reavers
gain...and again...and again...thats the spirit
Brought another non-brony to this irc :D
See if there's a 'Restart' button on it (NOT RESET), if not and if searching gives you no decent answers just unplug the router, wait a few minutes and plug it back in
Fool
Hoy Bronies
yes?
use the shotgun at least >.>
=O *clop clop clop* He killed it! =D
After a while... -.-
PonyImp it would be preferable to call your ISP and ask them if there are any problems in your area (doubtfull considering what you described) and if there is a specific way to restart your router.
DED
Vats it
Fallout
New vegas =O
Be all badass and melee it
Lonlymare: He never uses VATS.
Why dosent anyone stream something cooler.... like... like.. hm.. FUS RO DAH! Skyrim.
Or somethin like that xD
because skyrim is a solo experiance.
.. might be true..
What about Amnesia then?
;P That would've been cool.
Thera are four Simon's on right now...
not as fun to watch i find,
I pretty much give up
Hmpf.. might be true =s
It just can't be me, it's only google and google related sites
Lol.. four simaons xD
every other part of the internet works
Anyother idea i need to shoot down?
good nobody takes my name =O
:D
It could be a setting getting messed up in your hosts file, although that would be next to impossible
What Antivirus do you have?
nod
.... I mean.. Fallout is alright.. but this country music is killin me xD
Ooh. Fallout.
the music seems fitting
Hmm... firstly go to.. er...
/me scratches head.
turn off the sound play your own music
One second
It is.. but still dosent make it cool! xD
If I had a connection problem, the entire internet would have issues, not just one site ran by the same servers/company
Airpuff: that's the fallout trademark athmosphere. you should hear the radio in fallout 3. THAT'S a jam
Needs more rad scorps.
._. I hate the radio xD
Airpuff: This is folk music, not country.
PonyImp, have you tried using the google DNS servers in your router?
17
Sumica needs a real gun >.>
or a melee,
Sumica isn't streaming.
>.> I thought it was.. .. country.. sounds.. like coutry-ish for me o.o
PonyImp it is possible that certain Google related IP's/DNS' have been blocked
I thought Sumica used twilight sometimes
blocked by who
18
Nah, Sumica uses fleur.
I said twi sometimes :L
And Meanwhile "uses" Trixie
dude, how can you hate the radio? wzhat can possibly be more awesome than shooting raiders to bits while listening to butcher pete by roy brown?
Wrek uses read-a-book Twilight.
Your firewall, ISP, Antivirus, the Hosts file
xDD
oh this is wrek?
Airpuff: This is pre-country. Back when it was good.
Speaking of that go to C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc
Open the hosts file in a text editor and see if anything to do with google is on there
WREK GET A REAL GUN.
:)
Or anything at all for that matter
And why after over 4 years of having a pc would it just randomly block it
Yeah yeah.. I'm not saying it's bad.. i judt dont like it T.T
05there should be a set of graves here around...
idk where host files are
Oh. the graves thing?
They're in the cemetary
Wrek|Observing: your going for the item in the graves?
It should be in C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc
Airpuff: I just wish there was some Johnny Cash.
your ISP might have service blocked google for some reason. it could be some malware on your computer screwing with your host file. there could be any number of reasons
cemetery*
Dem frags
Cash would've been deacent yeah.
If you are using Windows 7, I'm not sure where it is on other OS'
:D I remember the item in the graves being very good Wrek|Observing i remember needing to climb up a hill then going down to find it
hope that hels
helps*
yaaa there are about 3000 folders in the directory you linked
05no need to help me
Errrrr
Wut
in system 32
dont be an AJ.
Have you guys seen "Goodbye my friend" flash??
there's a billion folders
Oh
just search for a file called hosts
Go to C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc
Airpuff: Yeah, imagine having Ring of Fire playing while
Just press d and look for it
hosts
FYI the graves are in the ground.
x) Epic
Btw Pyro, how do you link peoples names? =S
You type their name Airpuff
Krakass: http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/243/964/2c6.png
im back
type part of their name then tab
pyrocatboy really?
lol
i have the hosts file open
What does it show?
Didnt work i think
"# This is a sample HOSTS file used by Microsoft TCP/IP for Windows.#"
I see Twi on the screen and FO:NV so I assume Wrek is playing
I just type in the name and use :
there shouldn't be too much in that file on a home computer
Is there anything after that?
Ooo Okei xD
"This file contains the mappings of IP addresses to host names. Each# entry should be kept on an individual line. The IP address should# be placed in the first column followed by the corresponding host name.# The IP address and the host name should be separated by at least one# space."
pyrocatboy: so now it worked maybe
._.
then it shows examples
Yes. Yes it did.
Oh? It did? xD
Are there any not hashed out (#) comments?
The colon isn't necessary. Just the name.
just local host
Wrek, from what I was reading online there is no bullet drop.
Well, at least we know that isn't the problem.
Krakass: Its a habit.
Krakass: They should add it then :P
POA=POI
I guess that now the only thing you could do is look around your firewall/antivirus settings
And if that fails then try calling your ISP
good shot.
18
Did anyone else hear "woopwoopwoopwoop" in their head when that ghoul was coming?
Just you
xDD
zombie zoidberg?
i've actually had a virus scan going on in the background
\)v3v(/
Hey everypony
Ooh, Fallout Vegas
Allo Very_Silly_Filly.
Yeps x)
Hello Extremely_Silly_Filly
ello silly
Wrek is trying to find the graves.
thats a funny name xD
19
I doubt a virus scan could affect your internet connectivity, however it could be a problem. Wait for the scan to finish and try again
BOOM HEADSHOT!
thats a silly name
Suprised you don't know me anywhere, you new?
In the mean time you could call your ISP and check to see if anybody else has called in for a similar problem.
20
BOOM HEADSHOT!
Im new o.o
Yeah
Ahh, okay, *Wonka pose* Explains it all
If you were talking to me >.<
PonyImp, do you have another computer available to test the internet connection? Or even a phone with wifi?
Yes, the computer in the other room does the same thing with google sites
What did you unplug
only twenty in lockpick?
and 14 in science.
:P
Why pick locks when you can shoot bitches?
05implying you are famous Very_Silly_Filly
Yeah, PonyImp try calling up your ISP and asking them for help
Science.. you know none =c
malware can easily screw with your internet connection. there is actually an FBI DNS server running right now that was put into place after a Malware generating company was taken down. they had to create a DNS server because if they didn't 100k+ people all over the would would have lost internet
Because picking locks leads to more shit more shit leads to shooting bitches :DP
:P
It's not implying I'm Famous, Wrek|Observing I'm implying I'm a reg. ;)
Very_Silly_Filly: I don't remember you.
21
Reg? =s
Meanwhile: Fazana
NOW I remember you.
I seen filly ONCE.
that is why I asked if you have put google DNS servers into our router. to see if it is a DNS problem or not
:P
Very_Silly_Filly: why the name change?
My pops has been growing suspicious of my bronyism
pony_3654, sounds like one of those malware things that change where your browser looks to find the internet
If I remember correctly (I probably don't) that was through changing the hosts files and they are fine for PonyImp
Very_Silly_Filly: Dosent matter if youre "famous" or not, nice to meetcha xD
He hates bronies more than I hate sprouts.
Omg! That gasstation!!! I remember that one xD
How old're you Very_Silly_Filly?
I am 15 and 3 days old :)
when you have problems with you internet..come to brony state
=O 3 days of pure age. xD
xD I'm 16 and 1 day old
Then realistically the answer is "Deal with it"
It's the only place I knew to go D:
Yeah, it was my birthday on Tuesday
So I mean 2 days
I'm 10 years and 105834 days old.
Or something like that.
o.o
ô.o
Krakass: Wouldn't that make you over 1 thousand years old?
O_O
I actually tried on my phone, but it went to the mobile site
Very_Silly_Filly, Celstia is my cousin.
that would need to be like 365000 right?
x)
There will usually be a way to go to the main site, something like a link at the bottom
Shaddap, I'm exaggerating
19 years old.
365250
Ahahaha
Or you could try going to the mobile site on your computer
A year is 365.25 days long
And probably shorter than all of you.
well, if the computer in the other room is having the same problem then it isn't a problem with your computer but a problem with your router or ISP. crack your router and enter 8.8.8.8 and 8.8.4.4 into the DNS server slots
Meanwhile, they facial hair compensates.
the*
True.
It's 365.249999999999999999(and a million more 9's)4 actually
The chicks probably don't even notice you're shorter than them once they see it.
As metoers in the past have screwed the time up
Har de har har.
/me cough.
Philosopher: "If a tree falls in the woods, and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?" Hipster Philosopher: "Yes it does, and I bought it's first EP...ON VINYL
"
Let us all pick up a fan and slow down the earth!!!!
The earth slows down naturally because of the moon and other planets anyway.
Hi everyypony!
Stupid leap seconds
What a story RAWRity.
Crippled head. I lol'd
so Wrek is playing on hardcore mode... good man
/me has arrived...SAY HAI!...no seriously please?
How pissed up is Wrek's radiative health?
Allo ACS13123
ACS13123: No
Hiho ACS13123
xD
HAI ACS13123
HAI
HAI!
Very pissed up.
hello ACS13123
And actually yeah, RAWRity. I haven't seen you in a while.
Over 1000 :o
?
Airpuff: DO IT!!!!:[
ACS13123: Greetings
oh nvm
http://derpy.me/UEvMF
T.T
didnt see you already had XD
God damn, what a good read...
:D
xD
'dat Human cadance
Ohai Wrek stream
Allo Ninjazz.
I am hungry for cake
Clever girl
hello Ninjazz ^^
PEW PEW 9mm
And then suddenly.. OMG ITS A fUCKiNG SCORPION STINGING ME! D=
Ah, yes. Good to see everyone still here after I left.
Eating 2 whole birthday cakes on Tuesday has made me more hungry for cake
http://fav.me/d4xnc2c my Cadance xD
oh god its Shirtless_Tempest!
D:
Radscorps, radscorps everywhere.
Hello again, Digitalis and Meanwhile!
The feels is food.
Digitalis: thats right... aww dont make that face *flexes*
o/////o
dat cute candance face
You're back, Shirtless_Tempest?!
Silly Midnight_Tempest
http://derpy.me/unwcI
good morning/afternoon, all.
Mornin
RAWRity: Stuff
Afternoon.
WallMaster: ello
WallMaster, welcome.
afternon
afternoon*
RAWRity: Everything. Missed EVERYTHING.
Bah curse this rain
Sumica, if you're still there, thanks for the stream.
ded
I love rain
aww he died =c
DED
chocolate rain!
I hate rain, it knocks out my internet
Bring back discord i want cottoncandy clouds with chocolate rain =c
RAWRity, how goes the Meanwhile x Trixie fanfic? I can' wait to read about the muzzle nuzzling.
is it movie night tommorow
is that miracle od sound?
Digitalis: You might wanna have your satelite checked out then
the lone wolfs trailer
/me clonks Krakass in the head with a cinderblock.
stalker_oo: yep, movie night is in 30 and a half hours
lol it always does that if it rains hard enough
What movie? =O
/me thinks the joke is on Meanwhile because I wore my cinderblock-proof underwear today.
Mine's been fine in that 2010 snowstorm
Dat exploit.
It's also been fine in the recent flood inducing rain
You should see how she acts without you around, Meanwhile. She learns alot.
hey hey hey!!!!
MY KITTY!!!
Lol.. its not like he's trapped now? xD
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74bcoxN7YVY
/me just realized I did not get hit in the under
Ninjazz: I'm not entirely sure what you're saying.
She's been here.
i live in san deigo it snowed here only 1 time
Looking for you I assume.
I live in England
it never ssnowed here ever again
We had the worst snow in 2010 since the 1980's
/me homeruns RAWRity with a cinderblock.
How many movies have a scene like this with the protagonist hiding in a small area where the monster can't reach.
need to make armor out of those radscorpions, hyper bullet resistant
Meanwhile: Ahahaha x)
Too many
Inb4 the scorpion gets inside and nails Wrek to the wall.
DED
He died o.o
Rofl
Wrek is best suicide bomber
ded
:l
Did he blow himself up? xD
lol
blew himself up xD
Yes
Hello
ALL THE SUICIDE! *explodes*
Nuuuu!
Now that old man will NEVER let you use his bombs
Are you going to stream ponies on Saturday?
Shirtless_Tempest why are you shirtless? o.o
Grenade in close quarters. http://derpy.me/zuuEU
This part is always hard on new characters.
I wish i could send you right now the image i,m using for spray RAWRity
XD
ded
Haha
Ok before I actually call my ISP - Does This site work for all you guys ----> http://accounts.google.com/ ?
dat trixie
I hate you so bad TheGreatAndPowerfulT.
blows himself...again...lol
jsut gmail?
just*
It works for me..
Meanwhile i wub you too
Yep, it works.
it works for me o.o
PonyImp, it redirects me to the https version
ok.
Hi everybrony, how ya doing ?
This chat needs more wub
Varyan, welcome.
<3 more wub
05i could go for some AP ammo
what the hell is this?
lol
Just a shame I can't stand the bloody stuff
i love the onty python
You could go for anything at this point
I thought rad scorps could sting through the walls?
its funny as shit
oh yea....
/me squeaks in happiness
my bro wacthed it
Why did ask about the link Imp?
Wub a pony belly ? Whose ? :p
You having problems?
Quick, eat a potato.
02!ping
This part is never kind to anyone. :D
Meanwhile: http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/ewxqccmubew44m-7zz6rda2.png
OK ......Gears of War? Call of Duty? LOL
So who has e as their name?
oh yeah... this jazz is very nice...
^
RAWRity: Moustache seal of approval.
his name is rad..... ITS THE RADBRAD
Hahahaha
its gotta be Miracle of Sound... sounds like him
Varyan: al I can think of there is Ophelia in Hamlet drowning.
Krakass Dial ''e'' for Enigma
What do you mean no nudity?
Varyan: Pretty suggestive dotcha think? xD
She's barely covering herself.
And... no nudity? xD
IMO, I fail to see how it's sexy
She IS nude o.o
Well, no dutity is a bad choice of words
Beggin yer' pardon but they don't normally wear clothes.
She's entirely naked.
Ok no genitalia better ?
ponies are always naked
Now that's better. xD
Meanwhile, you and Trixie are nudists?
A bit suggestive though... But no problems on my end.
Shaddup Krakass.
lol
Haha idm x)
Meanwhile has a tache, what ever do you mean?
She's just enjoying her bath XD
Mhm..... xD
A bit too much...
Just look at her!
so where the hell did wrek get all the ammo to waste?
The word: "Daayuum!" comes to mind.
dat scorpian
He carries a reloading press with him.
What does that rifle shoot? bbs?
oh shit those fing eeeyyes
;__;
The artist's other works are good but most are too risque for her.
idle curiosity, but whats the hardest game you (anyone) has played?
That one shoots 12 gauge I think
/me Lick Meanwhile
The other one shoots 357
WallMaster, Desert Bus
Oh my would you look at the time I really must be going.
See you ponies later.
Varyan, thats a tad TOO suggestive.
Meanwhile: C U
Varyan: Remember, this is 13+
Prince Of Persia
So moist and delicious!
D:
watch what you are posting.
getting borderline there
:O I have called my ISP
So good
/me hugs Prick
*derp*
lol
Dari, long time no see!
Hahaha Varyan: Getting closer now xD
What did they say PonyImp?
/me hugs Phase4-
05varyan ima gona give you a warn for that one
Hey Very_Silly_Filly
05stike 1.
/me Licks Everypony
In case you're wondering, it's only Fazana :3
RankWinner: So it might have probably been useful if I told you that last night we put in a new router and thats when the issues started.
rofl
Prince of Persia is awesome
Airpuff: which prince of persia, the 2008 one ?
Hi guyz
=/
Trixie: -licks back-
BUT STILL
Yes. That would have helped.... xD
ook didn't know there was some limits I'll keep myself from posting anything like that again
this is good music
out of the ENTIRE INTERNET it chose google sites....
sounds interesting. what band is this?
Sands Of Time, Warior Within, Two Thrones, ALL SO GOOD
/me hugs pyrocatboy
brb, chat derp
why google, why'd it have to kill youtube
Uakh: Dont remember ahaha xD Played it at a friends house
Sands of time is best time
I think....:s
easy
Personally, Varyan. I thought it was good but pushing it a tiny bit.
Chat exploding, if this is actually being typed then I'm refreshing.
does it have cell shading ?
Trixie: -hugs back-
why couldnt it have killed walmart related sites
anyone else?
and a claw
14today I ran for about a km without stopping because my bus was in late and I was in a hurry
05Varyan: please read the rules at the rules tab.
05:3
Yeh but if I get a warn I better stop :p Don't want to make anyone angry
14I feel tired even to type now
Wrek|Observing: are you badass enough to kill you enemys with a teacup :3
Good pony.
Chat exploded a bit, did I miss anything?
yes
... Pretty much xD
Mmm?
Lonlymare: You silly filly, I use my fists
RankWinner: you missed everything
=O
my new router is holding a gun to my head
it all happened
/me makes a riddik referance.
all of it
and you missed it
it wants the cookies. ALL THE COOKIES
There are rules under the rules tab? Who would have guessed.
in return of my youtube
I missed Episode 3 release?
PonyImp, bypass the router entirely
/me wants this soundtrack
Wait there are rules?
Krakass: Huh, since when!?
well shit.
don't ban me for that D:
(Yes, I've always known that)
which soundtrack is this song in
My ISP said something about running the internet directly from the modem or something.. idk
PonyImp, just out of curiosity, what is your internet speed?
Very_Silly_Filly, I don't know. I still haven't gone to that page.
Which one is the 2008 one?
rules? really? no wai!!
the one with cell shading
/me cinderblocks Very_Silly_Filly
idk how to do any of that, ima wait for my tech support to get home :p
Sands of time isn't it?
pony_335403: you'll have a router betwene you and the internet
*derp*
that's only called "Prince of Persia"
Oh fuck no
03why was your bus stop 1km away?
i ment PonyImp
so many anons
A friend told me about that one.
Man i wanna post a video..... -.-
Apparently they totally fucked it up.
the movie?
you can't know unless you've played it
Oh god
/me palms face.
and personnaly I liked it a lot
I forgot to ask this
:( This sucks, this whole situation has shown me how little I actually know about networks n stuff
PonyImp are you on wireless?
EX2+ and MvC1 wasnt hard.
PonyImp: never too late to learn
PonyImp: Whats wrong?? =s
That's how I get through life
uh, i have an ethernet cable in my pc for the internet
Ah good
so i guess wired
ded
Thats good... *-*
Afternoon everypony
for me, Tower of Druaga.
More speed!!
and PoP 2008 is at like $5 on Steam iirc
Wrek got wreked. Boom, headshot
LunaTheBeloved, welcome.
lol SUDDENLY RADSCORP
Basically... take the cabe out of your router and plug it into your wall
i must go to bed
I trust my friend's opinion when it comes to PoP
/me pokes Shirtless_Tempest
maybe $10
He loves it too
dat song
Completed SoT on a dance mat.
In my country internet providers just offer rippoffs
I love and HATE that game.
/me has to eventualy wake for uni tomorow
night everyone
The problem there would be that your landline phone might fail a bit and so might your internet
yeah, but SoT was completely different
Gnight Phase4-!
tbh they're not the same game
Take care.
/me gives a manly squeak and glomps Digitalis.
night Phase4-.
Night Phase4
And just from looking at the game I can tell I hate it.
Night Phase
Prince looks stupid
the gameplay, art direction and backstory are totally different
Some weird head bandana thing
/me glomps Shirtless_Tempest back "hey guess what?"
Sounds like Sands of Time is a must play.
you can use another skin like SoT
Btw, what's up with the twilight sprite reading at the side > _ > ???
Digitalis: what? cake?
Desktop ponys
CAKE?!
CAKE?
and you get used to it anyway
Pony shes cloping :P
PonyImp, it's part of the ponymark identification system.
/me is dissapoint.
I got those desktop ponies for myself too :p
It looks all weird and cartoony too
PonyImp: She's Wrek watermark and favorite pony.
Midnight_Tempest: Remember, I stole all your cake
Fucking stupid
it is weird and cartoony
What does?
Don't judge a game on it's graphics.
but in a good way
I wounder.. is it possible to "finish" Tetris?
Well, my brother liked it.
No even better, I managed to convince my bf to watch an episode of MLP, instead he just finished watching 2 and is gonna watch about 4 more in about 40 mins :D
Sorry, but I really don't like it when they radically change a good game series like that.
.. is it a steam related thing or is it just for the video recording?
and isn't that very channel about cartoon anyway ?
It's not the same game in any way.
It's something different.
My desktop pony (not that I am a streamer) Is octavia.
Digitalis: nice
And I hate it.
Arrr what game are ye' even talking about?
I'm still freaking out now xD
Because it's got the same name as something I like.
...
WallMaster EX2 and MVC were hard........ON THEIR HARDEST DIFFICULTY (for me, at least)
And has nothing to do with it.
Syndicate..?
PonyImp, they put it there so you can tell who is streaming.
So.. much.. talking *-*
RankWinner: Prince of Persia
Best game ever for me is still Warcraft III. Got 3000 playing hours on it <3:D
oh
hi everypony! how are ya?
hey RAWRity look http://i50.tinypic.com/2eqgpbm.png
Ah, thanks for telling me xD
O.o
This is like Spyro Skylanders.
Pissing hell? 3 THOUSAND!?
:( They should have a steam mod that lets you put a pony watermark in your games anyways...... rofl
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: saved.
CLASH!
PonyImp: Most of the streamers use a desktop pony. so they can be identifyed. Wrek use twi Sumica uses flur Shizuka uses Roseluck
Dat Caravan Palace
I wouldn't call that a Spyro game, Spyro 1/2/3 were so good, then that thing has the same name, but just looks like a giant shit on my childhood to me.
dat song...
Dat plot
RAWRity /)
Dawww my highest game time is probably GMod at something around 1,700 hours
Haha,
yes, spyro went down hill
First n second spyro were da best
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: (\
Wow, I feel better now
simply to ruin our childhoods
LOL DYNAMITE!
My highest played game is L4D2 with 250 hours
Wrek|Observing: you so oldschool :D
:( I just searched for desktop ponys and it set my antivirus off
This tune.
TF2 with 450 hrs
This tune is epic.
Hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT !
14drf, I take 2 bus
I dunno, I just consider PoP 2008 as a different game. If you take it independantly it's pretty good. But yeah it has hardly anything to do with the SoT trilogy
Everyone wants to ruin our childhoods Maker. :<
XD
they were told to apply the Spyro brand to a project of their own
Hi Trixie
so true
:)
14the first one was in a huge late
I blame CoD...
hi everypony! how are u?
03o.o
though you HAVE to agree that it can't be worse than the latest PoP
03y u no have parent drive you
pablez94, welcome.
PonyImp: Desktop ponys is perfectly safe your antivirus must suck use avast.
Hi pablez94 Welcome
/me licks Ninjazz
Can anyone link the safe website to download the desktop pony app?
Oi.
Oi the licking
XD
The series has made everyone graphic hungry, and how can they keep playing such a repetetive game, which gets the same thing with better graphics under a new title every year
/me rolls newspaper and bonks Trixie
if you cant kill with bullets...use dynamite
Don't lick me.
PonyImp, sudo apt-get install desktop-ponies
/me Cinderblocks Ninjazz
o.o
Ow.
… i wish
Very_Silly_Filly: CoD for the campaign
/me "finallt someone herad me!!" licks Ninjazz and Trixie
/me licks Ninjazz
Argh!
PonyImp: http://www.desktopponies.com/
/me licks Trixie
/me Licks pablez94
Two licks at the same time?
I only bought MW3 for the survival mode XD
Not for me, I even hate the campaign because it's just so repetitive,
Ehhh. Not bad, I suppose.
/me lick renard
Renard: what??
CoD is such a boring series now... like most FPS games
Ninjazz: eeeeyeep
MP is fun too, though I still like MW2 MP the most.
CoD ewww
so does his whole gameplay so far consist of using low-level firepower to kill high-level critters
?
woot ty lonleymare :3
14^^;
CoD4 FTW!
Best one.
14how are you? :3
Dark_Horst: No, Wrek is low level
I don't know why people expect the games to be so radically different though, how can an FPS based on modern warfare vary that much?
Ninjazz i must remember you that you are indirectly getting lick by Meanwhile too
CoD FTL...
Ninjazz: correction: the only good one
CoD went downhill after CoD5 WaW
Other than in its storyline, which it does
XD
Dark_Horst: No Wrek is apperintly low level and does not have some of the better guns yet.
it's doesn't
Ninjazz: Best one yes but it also had the most freaks ^^
that's the point
03the usual
PonyImp, just use an OS for real men with some decent package management, whichever you choose. (trollin')
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Huwhat do you mean by that?...
you like the genre
Whats Desktop Ponies? o.o
I know, but what do you expect them to do?
14D:
Renard I hate you so much. You lie.
Varyan: And what do you mean by that?
14don't worry, I'll be more active here from the next week, I swear
And 1 a year is obviously money hungry
Ninjazz trixie and meanwhile o guess you can make the connection
New weapons, new maps, new storyline, new perks, what more are you asking for?
Lonlymare: well yeah, he IS shooting the higher tier ones
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: O_O
03did I say it had anything to do with you?
/me runs
It's meant to be a continuation along the same theme
Krakass, let's bring desktop-ponies into the Debian repositories!
/me shudders
Ninjazz: Well it had just much more hardcor eplayers
the point of an FPS is to shoot everything... now adding a storyline to that, that is actually compelling and good... thats what i look for
Or they wouldn't just be called MW1, MW2, MW3, etc.
also, better AI
I'm way to lazy to do anything like that.
Varyan: But for good reason!
But it'd be a good idea
It doesn't seem like there's enough visual feedback when you shoot things in fallout, kind of makes combat feel boring.
It was awesome!
Well, TBH I think CoD graphics are all worse past MW2
MW2 still had best IMO
Dark_Horst: because he thinks this is how to level fast :P it's better to kill lower levels faster then repetedly ddie to higher levels. personally his weapons suck too.
14x3
I dont play many shooters..
But that's the thing, I can understand one per 3 years or so
TBH CoD graphics is just Quake 3 with added visuals.
14I mean, I will be more avaiable to talk :3
But there's too many games in short time
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3oek3t/
you know, ir eally doubt the exp gain and pison glands from these are worth the enormous ammo-amounts
Can you blame them if every year people continue to buy the game?
03heh whatever
Biggest problem in modern FPS games. You don't get to play with people on the same level as you
XD
Hardly their fault if people are willing to buy it
03I need to go turn in some forms
03so that I can host my radio show tomorrow
Portal 2 is best FPS. Period.
Hi guys
Ain't no supply without demand. :P
dari, with dat common sense.
03the usual blah blah I won't swear on the air etc
I rent the new CoDs now.
14oh?
hmmm
14you have a radio show? :D
ded
03I'm going to
03first one will be tomorrow
14about? I hope ponies :DDD
/me runs
03NO.
True that, but because it's so frequently released, hardly anything gets added.
In CoD your level doesn't matter much
14:P
03Thank god it's not a talk show or I'd spend my 2 hours ranting about how much I hate bronies :D
heyas DRF
You usually get the best guns from level 5 or something anyway
how is your droid 4
:p
03but nah, I'm going to just be playing music
Nah best FPS is still plain old Paintball with friends. Gets your ass of the chair and you have much more fun
03and it'll be 80s and 90s dance music
o.o
TrixieBack: why you highlight people?
I've noticed: CoD is pretty much just a contest to see who can hit the trigger first.
14I'd love to open a radio channel too
03and yes HML I'll be sure to play the Safety Dance at some point
14but I live in italy
14= siae
haha you poor souls, being licked
i was licked... HUZZAH!
Not really RAWRity.
03well it's not like MY station or anything
/me rolls newspaper and bonks TrixieBack
Very_Silly_Filly: Wat? xD
03this college has a radio station
:) I licked everypiny:)
03and it's entirely student run
*pony
Don't lick everypony.
If you're good you can turn to shoot people even if they're shooting at your back
Or if they're bad.
03so all you have to do is be like "hey I go here and like music, can I have a show?"
:P
03and just pick an open time slot XD
hey Wrek|Observing , find the crashed vertibird and attack the robots there. it will be fun
/me LICK NINJAZZ!
CoD focus more on Close Quarters so speed and fast reaction much be there
14= a "company" that, other than all the crap they do, they also say "WELL WELL YOU WANT TO HOST A WEB RADIO? YOU MUST PAY US LOL"
Don't...
Varyan: I would do paintball, but mum won't let me because my brother was almost killed in paintbalk
03oh this isn't web radio
I have poor aiming skills, I have to play medic or pyro in TF2 :<
03it's actual FM radio
13http://i.imgur.com/x9yCl.jpg
TrixieBAck: I just came back from a work-out session and haven't showered yet. Better wash your tongue :p
14D:
TrixieBack: I'd recommend not highlighting a network admin like that, simply because we do have a few evaders that like doing that >_<
14how do I listen to you then :((
/me licks twice evrerypony
:O
03online stream
Very_Silly_Filly: Almost killed in paintballing, wut?
So instead, I do racing
ok
AH no licking!
dammit now it burns
GUYS
03but it broadcasts in FM, and just has a secondary online stream :P
Shizuka: Dot plot? :S
OH MY GOD GUYS!!!!! YOUTUBE IS WORKING!@#$!@$r#!@
youtube wasnt?
/me molest Ninjazz
THE SIGN IN IS WORKING TOO OMG!!!!!
How?
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/35ugx8/
/me 06is listening to 03»» 02Men Without Hats - Safety Dance (DRF Edit) (DRF Exclusives (2011)) 03«» 0200:31/03:11 [202,02|02,02|02,02|303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 02893 kbps flac - 22.31MB (WinAmp) 03««
Oi.
03I gotta figure out what order I want to play these
http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/2012/apr/26/tor-rips-rulebook-digital-rights-management?newsfeed=true
Very_Silly_Filly: How can you almost be killed in paintball ? The worst injury you can get is loosing your eye if you're dumb enough to take off your mask
You ain't no Molestia.
youtube wasnt working? you can see all the f:oks i give on this blank piece of paper...
;D
FreetheEbook!!
03um
my worse was the moltovs at the bunker >_<
03Tor, the world's biggest science fiction publisher and home to authors including Orson Scott Card, <- Tor is also an anonymous p2p network
Very_Silly_Filly: sounds like he fell. you can fall everywhere. paintball didn't dot it
03which is the first thing I thought of
03:P
I wasn't there, but according to him, he wasn't wearing proper chest armour
seemed like a good idea at the time
PonyImp YES, it worked since i came back an hour ago
You don't need chest armour for painballing
They just bruise
/me molest Ninjazz
03also wtf?
03JK Rowling's recently launched ebooks, sold exclusively from her site Pottermore, are already DRM-free. <- I could have sworn I saw ads on Amazon's front page for Kindle editions...
/me rolls up newspaper and bonks TrixieBack
but if you play with us, you might need something flame retardant
I just don't get how he managed to get that badly hurt though
RankWinner: ITS FIXED =O
Don't molest ponies.
14lol
Very_Silly_Filly: paintballs can't cause any more damage than superficial bruises.
:)
Just gain weight. Then you don't need chest armor.
PonyImp =D Good! What was the problem?
14why would you put DRMs on books o.o
03because people are stupid?
03and put DRM on everything
Okay, Wrek. That was just silly :D
^
RankWinner: It started working on it's own! I just went and tried again and now it works
using a shovel what a great idea :D
03hence why I argue so strongly against Skylanders and such as that's a whole new type of DRM that's even more obnoxious than the current kind -_-
Attack radscorps with a shovel? GENIOUS
Fair enough xD
hello everypony
works everytime.
ded
Very_Silly_Filly: He probably lied. I've been hit in the chest with a paintball-shotgun at close range without protection and all I got was a huge bleeding bruise. Something else happened and he just found the best lie to tell
hello Magic
hi Magic.
if so, whoops
Also, desktop ponies are AWESOME :D Good news x 2
Out of curiosity what is your internet speed PonyImp?
hi Magic
You never know, that's possibly the caase
Magic, welcome.
14?
wats up
Dark_Horst: The paintball could have been frozen or something.
14what's that about?
How do i check that
Wrek is getting piiiiiiiised.
MakerDusk: As in a petrol bomb? O_o
/me Molests Magic
03you have to buy these plastic figurines in order to "unlock" parts of the game >_>
all i know about my internet speed is, it's not dial up :P
O___O
14oh right
we were drunk at the time
Petrol bombs, wouldn't that be illegal in public?
Very_Silly_Filly: probably
03I'm fine with them releasing collectible figures but the fact that they're *part* of the game that you *have* to have
PonyImp go to http://www.speedtest.net/ and begin the test
03is just stupid
Damn, I need paintball with you guys' rules.
14well, I remember Path of Radiance, a GC game about Fire Emblem
:P
03and therefore I'm going to hate it like it's Satan :P
Trixie: are you friends with Meanwhile?
14you had to buy the GBA games in order to unlock some levels
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/36fkux/
14:P
03what about Path of Radiance
03o.o
medi-pack all the way \o/
03I pirated that
03and it still worked
03::P
The point is, he broke his rib, and it missed his lung JUST
03*:P
The big one in the middle, not the adds to the side or the top
Still frozen the paintball wouldn't do that. I'm a really stupid guy and have tried alot of stupid stuff and I tell you. It's impossible to be hurt any othe rway than falling and being shot in your eye
03OK well
KwakLad: eeyup Why?
03adding *Extra* functionality is fine
14you must buy gba games to unlock some levels xD
there was this bunker... you basically needed grenades
Ribs can puncture your lung, and cause it to bleed inside it, which is fatal
so we improvised XD
I don't know. Flamethrowers are illegal in most states. I assume a molotov cocktail wouldn't be either. The use of it might be, aka arson.
03but you literally cannot beat Skylanders without buying the figurines
paintball + molotov's? hell yeah, that sounds wicked
03which is STUPID AS F**
it suprises me while you have that name Trixie :p
pyrocatboy: i still doubt that would break a rib. it takes a lot more mass behind an impact to do that
RankedWinner: 15.5 mbps DL speed
Very_Silly_Filly, it can be fatal. But not very likely.
the force would have to be spread over a larger area than a paintball is in diameter
14ah o.o
Even when someone has pretty crappy bones? :s
o__o and upload?
KwakLad Does he not like trixie
14also brb cooking
03I don't even care about the game itself, it's just a retarded concept that I won't support
14I don't eat since yesterday's lunch
03brb myself, going to turn in these papers
.85 mbps
Dark_Horst, F=MA so it could be heavy or fast
Freaking US and your fast internet speeds =/
DED
What you want to do is bring a riot shield to paintball events. In my club it's allowed as long as you only carry a pistol as weapon :D
not at all, and quite the oposite Trixie
I shall be playing L4D2 with my brother. Anyone of you is welcome to join us.
Omfg!! Desktop ponies.. i pressed GIVE ME PONIEs... and so.. i got about 112 ponies on my screen........
good morning ppl :)
My download is 9mb/s and upload is 0.7mb/s. What's your ping?
RankedWinner: I thought europe had the fastest internet speeds in the world
Morning fops
http://arstechnica.com/business/news/2012/03/authenticated-electricity-sony-power-outlets-will-charge-you-for-charging.ars
FAIL
morning, fops.
how are you all today
Dear god no, some parts do but the UK is horrid
KwakLad: We do get involved in a lot of rope shenanigans ;)
Airpuff: You've got to zero all pnies and then select those you want to keep
RankedWinner: 22 ping
Krakass: that would require a very precise hit though
I'm not a fop :c
Urgh
very low chances
o.O?
Trixie: Bondage you mean.
I pay like £15 a month ($25 a month) for my internet and it sucks
I believe South Korea has the fastest average internet
^
idk how much we pay
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/35ckrm/
Very_Silly_Filly: the biggest risk in paintball is falling
Here's my sunday best....................PROTON CANNON
They pride themselves on it.
I thought it was Sweden
Ninkazz|L4D2 : No you need some mind bleach
I pa y $45/month for 30 down 5 up
/me waves to chat
so, if you don't trip yourself, you're good
3Hello :)
heya SlurryMoon
Hello, SlurryMoon
SlurryMoon, welcome.
/me huggles Sulrry
Dark92Enigma: Iron man is bad.
... bleh i cant press anything or read anything, beacuse Rarity is being Pathetic in her sofa all over the place xD
Morning Slurry
/me huggles LunaTheBeloved tight
Hello.
3heheh, morning
hey
Celestia, I want to go paintballing now
Airpuff: Ain't she great? ;)
Fastest internet ever is an old lady in norway. She can actually download a full 3 hour hd movie in 1 min. It's an experimental connection<3 I want it
.__.
Lovely
WallMaster in which sense.....badass or just bad? (I'll understand)
Trixie: what rope shinanegans do you mean then?
Varyan, I believe they removed that as the test was over.
Had to cancel the whole program xD
Dark92Enigma: as in "not good in Mahvel".
first Sunday I get off after I start working again... I'm putting a team together
:>
think I want to do some milsim
KwakLad: Meanwhile doesn't like them last time I got our son involved
/me glomps Dari
3We all love him :)
/me hugs SlurryMoon
MakerDusk: Where do you live ? MAybe you can join my event ? It's in 2 weeks. 1000 people will come + 2 tanks + objective gaeplay and other fun stuff
My new found love for dari-bot is slowly growing.
Varyan: canada
Hello everypony. :)
MakerDusk: Then you better get a plane ticket XD I live in Europe ^^
Cello PinkiePry
PinkiePry, welcome.
hi PinkiePry.
hey pinkie
Varyan: shame, I usually play on a private course built by a contracting team
KwakLad: (not real son)
Trixie: you didnt?
hang him?
it's a straight mashup of the call of duty maps
KwakLad : Maybe, maybe not
Hello!
the only fees involved are your own gear, and the steaks
event*
omg desktop ponies are so legit rofl
so your son is dead but that might not be how it happened Trixie?
Varyan: I bet it was fun though
xD Just dont let them invade your screen like they did to me xD
Kwadlad just so you know i'm bot dead
Omg. The "Angel" is just fantastic, Just have to love the stare it gives ya x)
wat u mean
KwakLad : Why so you think he is dead?
not*
MakerDusk: Fun as hell. Though At some point the temperature was 38°C (gotta convert that) butit was reaaaallly hot
lol
Varyan: 100 F.
Wrek should get This Machine.
:P
seems t fit his play style
I still wonder why U.S. use Fahrenheit, Miles and other measurings like that XD
hi
Trixie: just notions, i guess i was wrong since hes talking to me, hi Glitch
;)
and some other countries too
/me coughs
Oh, I know this place
I managed to wipe it out
oh you siily filly
Or since he seems tyo like one handers..
Vance's smg.
Varyan: we use metric in canada >_<
we aren't savages!
:p
:D
Varyan: Britons use Miles too
Poor Glitch is not dead -hugs-
officially, the U.S. uses metric too, just not in practice.
MakerDusk: Horay, anotehr reason to love your country :p
well im off to bed night everypony!
we're not savages, we're just quiet
14back
13http://fav.me/d4xkj0j
true
Yeah and the Britons even drive left ... ^^ Silly people
and our elections such
*suck
Da'w
lol
there is history behind that
Da'wwwwww
Hay
My country is awesome except one thing. 80% of the population is racist
We've always driven left
since the french invented the standard, briton and the states vowed never to accept it
and intolerant
Varyan: Are you spanish?
Shizuka: thats a lie, Friendship is Witchcraft clearly states that none of the mane 6 like spike
Nope from luxembourg
kwakland give me a high five
Ahh, so I presume spain is about 90% politically incorrect?
(\
you know... paintballing with a bunch of germans in a war reenactment....
that would be boss
MakerDusk: Don't worry, you worry when you race petrol cars that belong to a Russian
oh you said five, sorry thisguy i only have 4 hooves and if i use all of them it wont be ery high, ill be on my back :/
Spain is just ... no comment. I went there even in Madrid NO FUCKING ONE was able to speak single word in english. I had to use my broken knowledge of spanish to do everything
XD
05varyan: stop beign entitled
Not going to Spain then...
lyra!!!!!!!
here it's english, french, and whatever the natives speak
Its time to make.......... DE MAGICKS!
Ninjazz|L4D2: That's a steriotype
How did you get twilight to sit in 1 spot with 1 continuous animation?
/me checks Spain off check list
05english speakers in general are very very entitled that everyoen should know english
What does entitled mean if I may ask ?
Well either way...
English is my third language :p
Expectant, methinks? :s
Varyan: that by right every one else should know their language
BREAKING NEWS: Archery declared best and most relaxing sport ever, participants rejoice!
Wrek|Observing: im glad you qualified as 'in general' and not 'all english speakers'
I plan to learn Russian, my friend is teaching me
cool
Wrek needs bigger guns :P
I still have to get around to learning german
i hate only knowing english, i require more german
/me shall make an effort after he learns ruby
sings along!
i love this song
Pops said he learned Russian in school, but he has forgotten the whole damn language
/me sings along also!
Right
the thing that scares me is that we are the international communitiy that posseses the intelligence to realize all of this
I've been putting it off enough
I'm off to get cake and other food
i think knowing more than 1 language is cool
one day we'll have to take over, or let idiots run the world
Very_Silly_Filly: Any muffins?
MakerDusk: i intend to take side classes to learn german while i primarily learn engineering at university
Or follow my plan of evacuating Earth and moving to a asteroid
i say take over
KwakLad: engineering is fun ^_^
@Wrek|Observing: It's their right not to know english and I respect it :p They just shouldn't complail afterwards they can't find a job outside of spain XD Cuz that's what alot of you spanish people keep saying ^^
i know right MakerDusk
WREK EQUIP HORSESHOE!. :L
I chose the path of physics myself
or do you mean you actually do it?
Aww yeah
I'll be doing A Level physics next year
That did NOT JUST HAPPEN
ohh you are at or beyong university MakerDusk
?
I'm at
Freaking step dad has eaten the rest of my cake
ahh sweet
one more year to go ^_^
british?
Go get some revenge, Very_Silly_Filly.
Oh, I'm gonna kill him
what up ya'll
/me ponysalutes Very_Silly_Filly
(with my luck, it will turn into two due to course availability)
waths going on here?
Very_Silly_Filly: Want some of my KFC ? I just got a bucket
/me "how are you holdin' up?"
I'm vegetarian
our profs are, for the most part, working physicists
ooops sorry ^^
it's good because they hold research chairs and are the best of the best
haha you want out of university now? are you at a british uni or other MakerDusk ?
This song almost sounds imcomplete because of a certain video
/me starts to whistle
is this some random guy playing fallout? :p
but they suddenly disappear because they don't care much for teaching
Ninjazz|L4D2 i know right?
foxinator: Not just some random guy, Only Wrek|Observing
Yep.
lol, I want to get to work, KwakLad
and I'm at a canadian uni
oow.... (who's that?)
sup bai
Ninjazz|L4D2 you playin L4D2?
Many words can describe Wrek.
MakerDusk: Smae for me. I feel like I'm never going to leave school
same*
haha not too far from what happened to me today, arrived at my only lesson today get 5 mins in and the teacher says he has more important things dto do and closes the lesson and leaves
buffer :/
and now its tea time for me
ACS13123: Not at the moment. Game seems to be hanging up.
lol, mine is steeping, KwakLad
Ninjazz|L4D2 whats your steam name?
Wrek: How do you get a pony to sit still in 1 animation with desktop ponies?
tell it to sleep
Wrek is the bisexual viking. In his own words, the hardass that will make your life miserable if you break the rules.
/me pokes LunaTheBeloved
ponimp i can tell u too if u want :)
ACS13123: Dragon Bourne
03back
Varyan :o i would like to know
/me pokes Glitch|NotAFK back
Ninjazz|L4D2 ...thats your name? Mines...wait for it...ACS13123 :)
first open dektopponies. exe ^^
ACS13123: didn't see that coming :O
im not very imaginative
Good afternoon my ponies OF WAR!
ok
then open pony editor
:[
Neither am I. Dragon Bourne >_(\
ok :o
Ninjazz|L4D2 can i add you?
why do i think desktop ponies are some randome ponies on your desktop running loose? xD
ACS13123: But of course! :)
and now select the pony you want to modify
now...which one...ill guess the pony profile picture one
ok :O :O
Ninjazz|L4D2
:P
L4D2 is best L4D2
/me pokes FleetFox "how are you?"
well now go to teh actions list and run them to see the one you want to keep
Ninjazz|L4D2 that is right, right?
:D
ok so you change everything cept the animation you want to 0%
/me licks ACS13123
sort of a short preview
I be gooooooooood, How be you?
yes change to 0%
I believe so, ACS13123.
I don't wanna screw up the normal one though, can i duplicate a pony ?
:$
This one strange game.
Maybe. I always use the mane 6 so i'm not really very proficient with it
Ninjazz|L4D2 ive sent a friend request
Bored, calculus(spelling optional) class is boring
Ponies add me on steam? :(
brony q: how do you get your friends, who are completly against mlp, to watch it or atleased shut up about it beeing girly?
is there a brony steam groupe O.o if not we have to make one
/me dances
Nothing interesting happening?
Accepted, ACS13123.
foxinator THOU SHOULDST USE THE ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE ON THY FRIENDS
foxinator: Get them stoned or drunk then watch it. Worked for 2 of my friends
xD
xD is there an app for the voice? would be very nice
foxinator: Though true friend shouldn't be that quick to judge ^^
Alright. Now I am actually playing.
:(
I bought this game yesterday! : D
i have made one of em brony and 1 watched the pilot the onthers wont stop call me jane :p
Please Canterlocks sounds even better ^^
i miss much my internet had to go down
nope nothing right now D:
:(
lol drastic music change
If I bought this game... I could rename it Foal Out: New Pegasus :)
foxinator the music changed?
Stallion_of_War: Nice idea!
Worst thning is when you enjoy something you know is really stupid. For example I really like Dolan comics though I'm ashamed
lawl
Stallion_of_War: Seems legit xD
Dolan
goofy pls
22
Varyan plz... dln cmics?
it did right? its all weared now
It's a SWEDISH SONG!
YAY!
23
Yep >.>
Varyan You can duplicate. Just make a copy of the pony's file, rename the file, then open it and go to the pony.config in the new copied file, and change the name value to "Rainbow Dash Idle" or something
hiyas everypony
Yes. Dolan comics. MAke me laugh but I still wan tto kill me everytime I read one
dashy is only the 4th most loved pony at eqd
;(
Dolan is the worst meme ever.
ha
Whos the most loved?
twilight
24
=O
wait wat
than pinkie
TWILIGHT
Was it just me or did Dashy give Fluttershy a kiss in the finale?
she did
TWILIGHT!!!!!
the finale was so epic
Nah to me worst memes are stilla ll those Torres and Football posts. SO many reposts
thisguy: I KNOW!
the finale wasnt epic
it was LEGENDARY
i sat on the floor yet i fell of my chaire O.o so epic
xD
So... does that make Dashy cannonically a lespony?
it was the best thing ever
Does the finale have a bad character, or is it like S1 finale?
No.
dashy ant no lebo !
25
No matter what.... Dashie will always be 20% cooler than the others ;P
dashy is most epic pony
Hey RustyMeat
DARI! O.O
TWILY!
14wb
Hey Stallion_of_War. :D
1414/late
twily is best pony
i disagree
I Like applejack x)
i guesse there is still nothing known about s3 ??
sunshine shunshine lady bugs awake
14last south park episode is on :D!!!
clap your hoofes
Vinyl Scratch is best pony.
foxinator: only that tehre is ATM 13 episodes.
03EW SOUTH PAR
03LK
there^
03-LK
Discord is best pony (or w/e he is). Umad ? ^^
03ugh
only 13 ;(
dem spoilers
14D:
no spoiling !
05way to go on the spoilers Dark92Enigma.
XD
14you must admit that what they do is pretty cool though :P
but spoilers are fun!
14they upload their episodes on their website
05MakerDusk.
they force everyone to be on their game XD
Spoilers are bad and you should FEEL bad.
what the hell is dolan Kammerjunk|School
14you can watch them for free
alexxm: Bad.
"Spoilers" - River Song
Depends. Only thing I want to be spoiled about Is my dinner tonight
Kammerjunk pls
alexxm, you never wanna know
lol, I'm actually threatened with akills all the time for spoilers XD
(we have horrible senses of humour)
03no, not really
03I can watch whatever the heck I want for free
03:P
Global message- MASS SPOILERS
14lol
:P
14but they do it without piracy x3
well i predict mext season will be a cartoon
spoilers?
seasons 2 only just finished
well i predict next season will be a cartoon
I thought the time for spoilers already expired! ARE YOU SERIOUS,BRO!?
When in doupt, C4
weared oftopic q: i dont rly like my nick now that i've found out some other guyS alrdy ue it... how do i get an original new one? about 20% cooler than this one will do
I've been terribly spoiled one. A guy I know ALWAYS managed to know the content of Harry Potter books 3 months in advance. he kept telling me what ahppened :[
alexxm: THAT CHANGES EVERYTHING!!!!
/me licks alexxm for 22.5 seconds
03yeah, by making you watch ads and crap
14you can skip them o.o
Ponies
I have a funny feeling that Season 3 will have Twilight Sparkle in it... just a guess though :P
Ahahahaha
they'd probably be shunned from all that is pony
Hung, drawn, and quartered I should expect
Also, note: Every two parter has a villain.
03you can also block them with an ad blocker
03but that's not my point
lol.
NO!
/me dat giant lizard thing
XD
ohh you dead
did s1 stop in a 2 part?
no
Nope
My wish for Seaon 3. More Discord and more effin Luna
hmm
Gala was 1 parter and had no villian
ah yes, the cowboy repeater
I'm pretty sure that person would be hunted by many different millitaries
more Luna yaaaay!
nice rifle. if the sights just werent so crappy
BOOM HEADSHOT!
did he find the grave?
My only wish for S3: Ponies
hell, there might even be a Join Pony Task Force created for the purpose XD
my only wish for S3: no humans.
i hope S3 won't be T&J
luna is cooler than celestia
Stallion_of_War: Fluttershy seemed like a Villian at times xD
T&J?
shed.mov :p
You're giong to LOVE ME! xD
Vivat Nox!
But Lyra wants to meet some humans so badly ^^
i bet fluttershy was the evil mastermind of all villains all along
xD
S3, short for S3a ponies
:>
SOON.JPG
lolno
imagine S3 ending: Betrayal of Fluttershy
Airpuff: No its "Your, Going to LOVE ME!!!!:["
I had seen an earlier message a week ago ''the anti-spoiler time limit should be expired in an hour'' It wasn't my intention to spoil anything, I'm sorry........but i don't know anything about season 3, period.
xDD
Pony 24? that doesnt sound bad..
my wish is that they make a three-parter. with less ads. 40 minutes isn't nearly enough room for all the awesome they crammed in there
I found out that in one of the middle episodes of S3 Twilight Sparkle rides a motorcycle and jumps over a shark tank with it.
pic or gtfo
some parts of the finale just felt so rushed. the disappearance of the royal guard, the celestia bossfight
Oh yeah and I want moar Derpy again. We need her
/me "btw can i still hug ya right?" hugs alexxm
Fish in Equestria: IT IS NOW CANON! :D
oh man
celestia
/me hugs pablez94 sure
So, Celestia is in charge of the Day, Luna is in charge of the night, and Cadence is in charge of Twilight
and the realization that we're in a pony drought sets in...
Again, i'm sorry, can i get back in character now?
what movie is up tonight?
Hahaha saw that post XD
Stallion_of_War: Nice Pun :P
No movie tonight foxinator
old pun is old.
lol
what is your character Dark92Enigma
Its tomorrow =P
S3 finale: Celestia is imprisoned, and the mane 6 get the elements of harmny, and then at the end Fluttershy is shown standing on a cliff, looking into the distance, laughing maniacally-and queue anime end credits music
Stallion_of_War: ...it all makes ense now
friday night movie ...
oh derp
xD
gd dammnit
XD
derp
wait a sec how could send me a PM alexxm ?
So close though.
3 time today
BOOM HEADSHOT!
could (U)
anyone play the mlp ccgÉ
?
nope.
5 messages now!!!
/me dat e ` thingie
the bar has been lowered!
whats ccgE
pablez94 you see that list of names next to the chat find say my name and double click it
3 times in 1 day that i think its friday
I meant ccg
HUZZAH! THE...something had doubled :P
05grabbin' dinner
MakerDusk: i think if you enter very very fast you can bypass it
MakerDusk: ive done it before
really?
I found a four leaf clover today... I then had twice as many as I did two days ago, so THE COLLECTION HAD BEEN DOUBLED!
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Best mlp songs in my opinion. 1° Smile Smile Smile 2° Welcome to Ponyville 3° The perfect stallion <3
8
yay!
9
0
wat
lol
Stop spamming, really.
random numbers.
Then I found a second one, so the number I found in one day HAD BEEN DOUBLED :D
MakerDusk, you're such a showoff
WallMaster: they weren't random, they were in order!
Dear princess celestia today in fallout 3 i learned that shooting someones grenade in vats automatically splodes them your faithful student TWILIGHT SPARKLE
MakerDusk: you got kicked?
brb brb brb brb brb brb brbb bbr...DERP!6_9
twilight_sprinkle: nope
no, but the fact that they were there unprompted makes it random.
MakerDusk: i knew it works, muahaha > : )
i got kicked :p
dat baby
twilight_sprinkle: then again, I can't be kicked >_<
Ha Ha! The doubles had been doubled!
MakerDusk: why not
because!
oh ok
I'm pretty sure you can be kicked.
Let's find out
Is dead channel still dead?
lol
whats up with this music?
dat dari
/me kicks MakerDusk
i was waiting for a mod to respond :P
That worked just fine.
post the message you get too, for everypony :p
CadenceTheBeloved.....I know its yo Krakass.....
Doctor, how many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a tootsie pop?
lol
*you
stalker_oo: 903
Dem administrative privileges.
goddammittabkey
MakerDusk #bronystate Cannot kick IRC operators from that channel.
Awww
Stallion_of_War*
:<
lol
I can still ban you though
pwnt
:P
^_^
Do ho ho.
Dat irony
Heheh
lolwut
3ahahahaha
Well, now I can't
that is so delicious
:P
3That's hilarious
alexxm I quoted Michael Cole on his twitter account after posting an (unintentional) homophobic message,and then he used the same message i quoted..........WHAT I MEANT by quoting him has NOTHING to do with the above.....i accidentally spoiled the S2 ending NOT knowing that somepony didn't get to see it yet, that's why.......As for my character....it's still in ways of development.
Kammerjunk - ?
Oh my, where's your mod dari?
thats actually pretty funny.
3someone op me and Dari >>
One of us.....
MakerDusk: if i were you, id use it > : )
No falgs
flags*
Now that's random,
Stallion_of_War: You asked how many licks it takes. It's 903.
So have to wait for someone to temp op me
yay
there ya go, Dark92Enigma
Thanks MakerDusk.
np
lol
3hm, but not me?
MakerDusk what do i have?
3well, I'll just go then
ta fuuuu sirieusly? where do you even find this kinda music?
Dark92Enigma, tab fail
brb
I'm back, what is going on my fellow Bronystaters?
thanks Dark92Eningma sorry i don't really pay attention to any of their twitters
When this old you get to be, look this good you will not, unless Timelord, you are.
O_o
/me sets mode -S
I hit the tab key hoping to get Dari, Dark92Enigma >_<
3um
Mode and nick wrong way around
3What was that?
:P
ya
3hahah xD
Dat cutie hat http://www.welovefine.com/2197-twilight-sparkle-cutie-hat.html
you want to take those modes off
since only SSL people could join
Radu: oh thats a cool hat
Ikr?
:-)
Apparently the total number of star points on Twily's plot = 42
I want all dem SSL people.
:P
i would buy one with the dashy mark on it :)
so Dark92Enigma what do you recken a shawn micheals pony would look like
alexxm: old?
op or hop?
3Op
what WallMaster
really turn that swedish music of... i cant understand only part of it and that is annoying :D
3But we haven't set flags yet
/me bursts into flames
3I believe DCD is the "founder" now
CandanceTheBeloved WHY I CAN'T DO ANYTHING RIGHT TODAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!???
/me puts out Shirtless_Tempest
/me remembers that there is mute button...
Yes, someone please turn the music of. It's not of enough.
dammit stop wit the fire
3Thanks Dusky
foxinator: www.welovefine.com/2005-rd-cutie-baseball-hat.html
he's old, I'm saying he'd look old.
np
allright WallMaster
/me pokes Digitalis
Radu - Is there one with Luna's plot mark?
foxinator: Nice :D
omg
Nope, sorry
/me squeaks
its mine!
hi :)
Do you have sanick MakerDusk?
05and back
:p
you guys realized that I will probably never be anonymous in here again now, right?
>_<
Welcome back Wrek
:'( No Woona ???
Only Mane 6 :p
Who Have some MLP clothes ?!? i have hodie and t-shirt :D
wdup guy from fallout
Well it was nice while it lasted.
I have a Brony shirt with Dashy on it
alexxm OK, let's start with the cutie mark....Broken heart or Cross?
To change another user's nick, GO GO GO ULTIMATE IRCOP ABUSE! XP
GO GO GADGET DO SOMETHING
one's own nick must be unbendable?
ya... we dropped anything that would let us do that
Too bad RD Cutie Hat is $22
Hahaha
otherwise one's nick will become corrupted?
not sure perhaps the broken heart over a cross Dark92Enigma
i want a t-shirt but i'm 16 and i cant randomly tell my parents, hey i'm a brony buy me a t-shirt so i can get bullied at school
I'd buy it if it was cheaper
some with the module that let us puppet you guys >_<
*same
Well, the urge to troll would be too great.
:P
Back
Admin's that don't abuse their power? What kind of world is this?
Admins*
it's a pony network, Krakass ^_^
foxinator: same :D but still i bought some :D
it's a different type of place
Ahh that brings back memories of good ol' times on GMod being a Admin...
MakerDusk: youre new here, arent you
i rember when i got killed by ants in fallout
twilight_sprinkle: I'm older than the network is
I'm just not usually noticed
a hat i could do... :p
u can get t-shirt whit RD cutimark 18$ :D
a t-shirt is to obviuos
Icy, source?
MakerDusk: thats odd, this place isnt any dif
Radu: google Brony T-shirt and 1 link :D
1st link?
alexxm OK, check......next thing the leg warmers would be red with broken hearts in it too......what's the thing HBK carried to the ring? I mean before the Cowboy hat and t-shirt......
Not to seem like a complete and utter noob, but is there an easier way to rejoin when I'm kicked?
Oh, cheers
9,02at this rate I should choose an unreadable colour combination >_<
:p
I like that color combo
inb4kick/ban
05hmm
Perfectly readable.
alexxm i mean what was he wearing......i forgot the name
Nice colour combo, but you're not allowed to use coloured fonts
the color is blinding
05my script should have autokicked, gona have to look into that
xD
05:3
Wrek|Observing: You can't kick IRCOps
:P
not sure i'm more familar with the newer stuff but i think so Dark92Enigma
05radu
05use colors
Uhm

HERE is the link for pretty cheap MLP stuff http://www.redbubble.com/shop/brony+t-shirts
I then had to op him >_<
05damned ninja krakass
But you can still ban them
:P
actually...
/me doesn't get kicked this time
/me wins
Uhm
MakerDusk: if you cant be banned either, that will be epic
we can join channels regardless of keys, modes, and bans
ahah
OP
?
13and you never abuse that power do you
Can you talk in the channel though?
i would :3
When +b or +q?
how else would we deal with staging channels on the network for botnet attacks
26
12inb4kick
I need some practice, my friends
or even remove the +q with the same command
but all that is besides the point
+q creates a field of E=k*q/r^2
anyone wanna play a game of Kid icarus with me?
wat is that
Hello everyone.
Magic *snort, snort*
Hello Florist
hi floris
Cello Floris
twilight_sprinkle: you'd be dealing with a BVP so you need a differential, not a general solution :p
Hey there Everypony! Wrek streaming F:NV?
27
/me is a physicist, after all
hey
MakerDusk: wtf is a BVP?i know of no such acronym
general IRC and IRCop info, for anyone interested: http://irchelp.org/
pyrocatboy, what are you counting? His kills?
boundary value problem
...why is his scope not waving? i could've sworn that sciope waved when i played
...or did it?
so apart from the fail urly on, what movie is it TOMOROW ?
MakerDusk: besides, E is just a description of the field at some point r, i dont need potential for that :3
for a point charge
Krakass: One hit kills that I've seen.
twilight_sprinkle: you said a field
those eq'ns are different
MakerDusk: yeah, electric field of a point charge
/me was just being a know it all
foxinator: it's all there on the homepage in a beautiful poster pic
what if i'm lazy? :p i'll go chek it out
MakerDusk: lol what formulas are different, i only named one :P
good boy
MakerDusk: but yeah, yay physics ^^ so many engineers/physicits here
Shizuka: I've actually used more oper commands today than in the last few months >_<
dat electromagnetism _-_
Magnets, how do they work?
dats more simple electrostatics :3
well see yall later everypony
Dat Album Name: Sexy Smooth
no idea how i closed the chat doing that :p
twilight_sprinkle: the network is littered with them ^_^
See ya Magic
cya Magic
Later Magic.
isn't it wonderful?
c u
Krakass: the electrons in the body all have the same rotation directionand speed which allows their magnetic fields to add which creates a magentic field around the body
Magic: C U
bye
Bye Magic
MakerDusk: i wouldve thought theyd be busy working :D
taking over the world: step 1, global communications network check
twilight_sprinkle, so is that how friendship also works since Friendship is Magic?
then again, im here :D
would there be like a mlp fim marathong close to the beginning of s3?
marathon*
step 2: recruit management
check
3. ????????????
i guess so foxinator
gotta go 2 eat cul8r
Krakass: i guess you could say that, idk
have fun pablez94
3: Make sure there is Cake?
can't hardly wait alrdy
4. Profit
step 3: intelligence gathering
Wow. No Mercy.
that would be a lot of people to hire
http://ponychat.net/2012-04-21_map.html check
it wouldnt be secret
It doesn't have to be
yah i saw that map
woow
a severe lack of eastern russian ponies
Tell the average person that you're making a team to take over the world and I doubt they'd take you seriously
also no antarctica ponies
twilight_sprinkle: you saw a single set of data
we have much more ;)
MakerDusk: Oo
MakerDusk, that's just based on ip geolocation right?
lot of german/belgian/ whathever is in my neighberhood
the hell happened here it looks like more of a hellhole then everywhere else
it is
So in all likelyhood I'm both people in my town then.
lol, I'm not even sure which set was posted in the end
Is Wrek just killign everyone that he comes across?
killing*
03Darn, I need to find someone in the San Antonio area that can record HDTV
03by Saturday
the network one, or the bronystate viewers one
what do you mean Krakass
alexxm, http://ponychat.net/2012-04-21_map.html
Krakass: all duplicates were removed
28
BOOM HEADSHOT!
and since it tracks by IP, it puts the flags in the same places for people useing the same ISP
a brony i nthe middle of the atlantic ocean :D
Krakass, answering your rejoin question, on xchat type: /set irc_auto_rejoin on ...but channel mode +J prevents rejoining for 3 seconds
to get more accurate, we'd have to triangulate in on your position
Thanks for that answer ehm.
taking the equipment into account
ded
we need some antartcica bronies, otherwise the haters will escape there once we take over
Wow, you guys did your homework.
Krakass, to auto-rejoin with +J, you'd need a simple timer script.
don't worry twilight_sprinkle we'll nuke it if haters go there
great idea
well, I am a physicist
alexxm: that would flood the world
did you guys know that there's a battlefield 3 server in the antarctica?
or at least raise water level
lol
me and a few of my buddies could probably whip something up ;)
what do you mean twilight_sprinkle
we bronies can handle some wtare
water*
alexxm: if we nuke antarctica the ice will melt
drowning and suffocating are the worst ways to die :(
Wouldn't they just die then anyway?
The last physicist I heard of doing their homework was wondering if a nuclear bomb would ignite the atmosphere...
twilight_sprinkle: rendering the atlantic impassable
sorry i thought you said alaska twilight_sprinkle
lol my little ponie
MakerDusk: i just hope it doesnt crack and melt and kill everything
which would help us initially solidify our infrastructure
If they're in the middle of one of the most Inhospitable areas in the world....
14http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dblzKvb-Fmw&feature=player_embedded
[1,0You0,4Tube]: 『ドラゴンクエストX　目覚めし五つの種族　オンライン』プロモ映像vol.1 | by | Length: | Views: 306
MakerDusk: if nukedi mean
though it would negatively effect global trade
alexxm: lol :D
14lol, new dragon quest wii game as mmorpg
14and you must pay eveyr month
what song is this? would love to nuke my class with this song
14hacked in 3, 2, 1....
i miss read it twilight_sprinkle
i got it
anyways, I have some errands to run
'later
twilight_sprinkle: dunno, i'd guess bleeding to death becasue of getting your genitalia removed with a cheesegrate is worse
Pwniez.
bai MakerDusk
later
Bye MakerDusk.
Dark_Horst: : |
cya MakerDusk
Haha, I'll try not to
lol
/me releses ducks into chat
MakerDusk: is boss :D
/me eats ducks
à bien tôt
uhhh sure
alexxm: -gets exe pecked out-
he be speaking fancy!
yeah, i'm still shocked dari is flagless
wot? the friday movie starts at 24:00 for me
pyrocatboy exe?
adds a touch of class, doesn't it, twilight_sprinkle?
;)
PyroCatBoy.exe has stopped working?
MakerDusk: especially the question marks :D
.exe?
did wrek find the grave place with the items?
Sudden Silence in Chat....
silence is fine. gives time to think.
/me replaces pyrocatboy s exe
/me thinks......duhhhhhhh.......
Not unless they're from Dr.Who. Then you're pretty much bucked.
the awesome music has started
fallotu looks like fun, too bad my pc sucks
Goodbye everyone, take care and have fun!c:
bye Radu
See ya Radu.
cya Radu
my laptop sucks batery
c u
bye Radu.
my laptop overheats in a second and explodes
well not explodes, but burns on contact
lol
hawt
is it a laptop from 2003?
my laptop, she be smokin'
mine is
foxinator: yeah around that time
maybe 2005
its discontinued
mine only smokes when i'm high :p
foxinator: lulz.
you share your stash with your computer?
Heyup everypony
Still some Fallout Vegas?
heeyup
Hey thar Very_Silly_Filly.
29
nomnomnom
only when it wnts to
A granny launcher
lol
oh god i cant wait to get a drawing tablet thingy
I'll see you guys in a bit.
im only good at drawing graphs :3
bye WallMaster
Who locks their fridge?
is the wacom intuos 5 a good choice?
if you got the $$$
my mother does O.o
I don't have any $ at all
foxinator, do bears roam your kitchen?
she is agaist crappy cheap stuff, her choice :p i'm just profiting from it
I don't have an $
I have £
:D
Same
ehm, wot?
05i dont even have a special symbol, i only got SEK
"lock your fridge"
He no has Dollars
its about $300
He has some other sort of money
well 300+
xD
depending on what size you get
300 monies?
360 i think
huhuhuhuh, it sounds like sex Hilarious, I know)
*
$
Q
but since i pay in euro's :p
I like the cintiq myself
"Sur prise butt secks" "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
If anyone gets my reference.
^ yes
Yes.
But as I have no artistic ability, don't listen to me.
ooh
well if you have the monies, really want to learn it and such then go for it hun :D
you had me there, it was a suprise indeed :p
I couldn't get it even if i wanted to :(
its not hard to get
well its hard to get if you can't afford it xD
I prefer the term surprise sex to rape. If has less of a stigma associated with it.
like once you are 16 its like amoth of work and you'll still have money left
book sets
ooh
i'm stupid nvm
Dat Calming Song. Wrek....What is this song o.o
xD
like paying taxes and all
hell I wanna get the new bamboo fun and retire the one i have now
i'm still a kid, dont blame me ;(
tis ok :D
tis = het is ?
:p
yEAH
Caps
yeah, i just say it too often, I blame my bf
now he's got me saying it
belgium ftw!
just saying
xD
Wow this sure is adictive
isn't it?
Oop...Got stuff to do. Bye Everypony!
05what is Anotherguy`?
c u
ust popping in hi all
Later Aircafter
Aircrafter: C U
Bronystate
hi and bye otakon
hey otakon
Wrek|Observing: playing Hardcore Hard New Vegas?
Anotherguy, ikr
05aye
Wrek|Observing: is it wrecking you yet?
05had a run in with 7 giant radscorps at the same time
05managed to come out alive though
woah
impressive
but you need some rad reduction post haste
When I'm here, I know I won't be doing anything productive today
It's aggrevating. I've had Flash for 3 years now and haven't done a thing with it.
I like Flash
05which is why im heading to doc mitchell :3
Easy to use
i haven't done anything productive in weeks
Hey otakon
foxinator Awesome
odl, just popping in for a bit, see you all later
I do as well, but I just don't have any motivation. And the only way to fix motivation seems to be "just try harder".
i have been a brony for like 3 weeks -> thats when it all started
2hi SS
Hi
I became a brony back in S1...
You need motivation to have motivation.
Seems like a long time ago now
05fuck which remidns me, soon my 1y anniversary is coming up :o
But internet time does move fast
05i cant believe it
i say all ep up to s2 ep 20 in a marathon due to addiction
I've been a brony since.. gosh i believe it was towards the end of season 1
I went to college when FiM started, I didn't know anything about it till about sometime in last October.
I heard that Kirby
Season 2 was starting when I became a man
swag :p
05expected more when it said accapella
05not jsut the lyrics
xD
Hay
why doesn't rainbow her her own solo song?
there's a pretty nice a capella version of winter wrapup on youtube
Wtb motivation pills
go to fimfic.com
its about ponyz
somepony_else yeah ther is :)
im reading one of the fics
03<Viri> lol, new dragon quest wii game as mmorpg <Viri> and you must pay eveyr month <- this is why I hate modern gaming
03just saying
i'm addicted to the emoticon
do i give link
/me releses ducks into chat
14xD
/me Uses one of the many nets hes caught
14I don't like DQ at all
http://www.fimfiction.net/story/19908/1
alexxm: -gets eye pecked out-
i hope the guy who made it will do at the gala too
14mostly because it reminds me Dragon Ball a lot
Oh yeah How do you do that italic stuff?
/me replaces pyrocatboy s eyes
14which I hate, because it's transmitted non-stop from the 80s on TV
so much music changing
14and when I was a kid I didn't have anything to do, sooo..
like the beat
type /me before a sentence Antherguy
05this is my unsorted ponymusic library, and as much as i hate to say it, most of it suck
type /me before a sentence Anotherguy
I could agree Wrek
/me Like This?
/me like this?
yup
I concur good sir
yeah
/me this Like?
yep
whats the diffrence ?
this happened to me when i realized i was a brony http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1023/
lulz
good one
How I fucking love cazadors
thank god i know the medic from TF2
05this thing is 24 minutes...
05fuck
LOL
Wrek|Observing dont u just hate those bugs
do it filly
That song was starting to get to me.
agreed
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1335435736082.jpg Oh sweet celestia this picture makes too much sense
find an atomic bomb and nuke the f* uot of the bugs, always works
nice CrimsonPhoenix really nice
i'll be back in 5 minutes!
those bugs are so horrible
y u no stop bufering
foxinator or put tgm
they can kill easily
/me fangirl scream
another one?!
LOL it's funny
ooh hell yeah
portal 2
I actually screamed irl xD
oh god I'm crazy
who dint :p
Where did you get all the music Wrek? Considering it's unsorted and you consider most of it mediocre.
/me has a mighty stench
Cobellanez you can download the full brony music archive of ~2,000 songs
Too much
god i love the princes sisters
I've only got about 6 songs
o_O
Start first song. Then it's one week later
My personal playlist is roughly 100 songs now
run away from butterflies
its so random
Freakin Cazadors
or call fluttershy to handle it
I'm always looking for good songs for Audiosurf
I hate cazadors
its not loading d:
hmm.. Whats on?
haha!
Cazadors>Deathclaws wut...
FO:NV
Its this New Lunar Republic?
Your pc
smooth jazz !
he N
luna sliding all over the floor xD
lol
hey Ninjazz what you been up to
/me is confused
wut?
so smooth
oh god this is amazing, my day just got even better
Good, alexxm. Just got to read my favorite fic so the feels are high. :3
my day is made
what is your favorite fic Ninjazz
ohhhhhh Fallout, Hello everypony!
even after thinking its friday
Heart of a Dragon
Don't judge me...
hello YOitzGEEZUS
YOitzGEEZUS, welcome.
Hi!
Your name is a nightmare for people who don't use TAB.
I have an inability to read a story or watch a movie more than once.
hey YOitzGEEZUS hows your day been
3 wolve moon, so nice
whats it about Ninjazz
It's been good, Made a few sketches of ponies
Love, alexxm. Love...
i'm finally back!!
WB pablez94
thanks Cobellanez
ouch
super ponybeat!
that looked like it hurt
molestia http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2689/
Are you just having heart attacks Wrek?
Wrek is going to punch his computer...
Digit|Skyrim: Lol
Pinkie+Fallout= amazing happy times
oh got that was funny
hmmmm
Haha
god*
That was hilarious
I blame Rarity.
Anotherguy at least hes not rage quitting he is being a trooper
What a wonderful music to go with sniping.
Always seducing other ponies ;)
He's clearly trying his best
DED
Malavolent: lol I know right?
he is playing on hardcore mode also
he is 20% better than me :D
This is rage inducing though.
He's loving and tolerating the buck out of them.
On his situation I would be running away
Something tells me, Wrek is gonna be here ages
Well then that was fun, back to killing shit xD
haha
wot
Is this live?
eeeyup
Yes
coole beans
Slight delay, but yues, live
God, his body is so fucked up
i would rage quit after one more death
superpony beta of cupvakes!
03Well
03I'm glad I caught that now
thats my call
cakes!
03or I could have gotten in trouble x.x
Poor guy.
damnit
Haha
03this one 2 Unlimited song has an f-word in it, who would have thought?
His leg came off
03it's early 90s techno, was totally not expecting that LOL
beat even i'm so idiot
ok let's try again
superponybeat of cupcakes!
what game?
lol
How can he have such a patience? I would nuke it all already.
/me thinks "yeah! i did it"
This is literally the amount of deaths you would expereince in my game I'm making on easy dificulty
he should shovel the ... out of that guy
00,03Did he kill any RadScorpions yet?
your making a game?
Scoot-Scootaloo: a few
Scoot-Scootaloo: Other way around...
Yeah.
ugh scorpions
what genra?
Platform shootah
Scoot-Scootaloo: RadScorps have benn killing him billions of times.
With puzzle elements
niiice
why doesn't he turn god mode on
00,03:(
what name of game?
00,03pavarkian: This is Skyrim 3
alexxm: He likes a challenge so it seems.
No name yet
does it have a title?
oh
mmk
LOL :D
:O
pavarkian: Death by BFG part 2
how far in development
Wrek's playing Fallout New Vegas isn't he.... And I'm missing it due to mips r some other damned reason
pavarkian: Since 1999
Uhhh, about 15%
lol
who is that poor guy that's streaqming?
I got a few game mechanics left to do
thats pretty far
Then just level making
in c?
Nah, HTML5
:p
00,03Going GHOST!
write in C !!
/me throws bacon into chat
( its a song btw)
I don't know applejack about C
Or C++
How did you get a radio station absolutely free?
Very_Silly_Filly: You're making a game in HTML?
03The school has one
i know a little out C++
03and they had open slots for DJs
03so I just signed up to host a show
Well, it's in flash
But it's being converted for HTML5
O.O
Ners
Ners
like all the shit we learn at school about visual basic i can do in c :p
Nerd*
03LOL;
Very_Silly_Filly: Yay, flash. So many bad memories.
God this keyboard
Hehe
Flash is a pain though
Oh my fucking god these guys are pissing me off
Very_Silly_Filly: Is it platform game, or?
It's speed is quite terrible
Platform and shooter and pzzle
m brother is making an roguelike
I might switch to game maker, which I can also do well
Very_Silly_Filly: Sounds interesting, good luck with that.
nightfox.co
It's a lot faster, but I'll not be able to do flash
14I'm jealous
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2VKbm2hp0o
[1,0You0,4Tube]: 2 Unlimited - Twilight Zone | by | Length: | Views: 757.052
05and that
14the most technological thing my school has is a CRT TV
03it's a good song, too
It may just be my fanboyism talking but this guy I'm talking to says MLD is a bad Fanfic
05is why i dont cheat
oce i have my tablet i will do the artwork
05cause i just survived
14and a VHS/DVD player
03I just blipped the f-word but jeez
03I would have gotten in huge trouble with the FCC if I hadn't caught that LOL
he will survive !
awesome
Its pissing me off
Who kept count of how many times he died?
be happy that he is not playing castlevania ~.~
14hi silver
about 17 times i think
/me throws bacon into chat
Can't be... That's too little.
nah you'd be suprised
/me gives bacon to LordCelestia
Sooo...
yo
03hi
what now
Ninjazz: He died just under 20 times
aha!
Now...we practice medicine
Alright. He died a bunch.
I'm freaking failing at battlefield right now
3?
/me thinks that this is a fertile land we will thrive in and names it this land
This is the name of the land?
This land*
this land is the name Anotherguy
God these two guys in this chat room I'm in another window with are pissing me off so MUCH
is there anywhere i can find more info about the mlp mmo?
who is streaming?
That start sounded a tiny bit like apple good
Wrek
did I HEAR MLP MMO
wasn't that canacled
you did!
thanks, Anotherguy
05its not canceled just delayed due to team drama.
05they're hoping to get production going
thanks Wrek|Observing
My Little Dashie..a bad fanfiction,,what the shit is that crap?
isn't it Legends of Equestria?
yeah
think so
Production has already started again hasn't it?
its pre alpha
Note to self: never visit Bronystate on Internet Explorer 8.
Don't quote me, it's just a presumstion
Why not?
xD
BY CELESTIAS BEARD that mmo better be good when it comes out
00,03My Little Dashie movie? LIES!
What MMO?
mlp
mmo
Not trying to start a flame war so sorry
lol
Is this new vegas?
is read sabout in in eqd at april 21 i think
/me flames everyone
00,03No, its Starcraft 2
MLD fans have been trying to make a movie of it for a LONG time.
-_-
Just look up MLD in youtube and you can see their desparate attempts.
yes MysteryGuitarPony
It's Starcraft: Ghost
^
hello?
^^
...
Oh crap my brain is telling me "Go play fallout Go play fallout" and I can't make it stop!
^
all hoping he'd survive
Dat Eurobeat
Anotherguy: DO EET
lol
ignore the voices Anotherguy
I AM TRYING
moin everypony ^^
dont ignore it
moin Invi
I have to cut my hands off!
but do it if you want to Anotherguy
Invi, welcome.
only do when they start screaming pain and murder
hey Invi hows your day been
ahhh finally school is over for the day
Anotherguy: why not both?
/me hugs MahBoi777 Ninjazz and licks alexxm
lol
;)
/me hugs Invi
alexxm great, tomorrow is my last school exam ever ^^
Thats IMPOSSIBRU
ima game my first 24 hours monday :p
and i gtg for the night
do hope to see you guyz later
Night foxinator don't let NMM or Molestia bite
cya foxinator
bye foxinator
c u all
Gnight foxinator
00,03Do you like the sight of you're own blood?
00,03-_-
your*
xP
Blad*
When I play fallout, I ignore stimpaks.
Scoot-Scootaloo: no, we like the colour of your blood :p
Wild Wild Wasteland
00,03I know, dumb auto correct....
XD
right in da face ^^
6_9
I've honestly had days where I just gave up trying and put the cellphone down, Scoot-Scootaloo
Hey look it's a friend! Oh wait..."fiend".
My little Fallout: Fiendship is Magic.
wat was dat?
What I miss from FO3 is th drill seargant voices of the Mr. Gutsy's
/me 06is listening to 03»» 021993 - Twilight Zone (Edited) 03«» 0200:06/04:14 [2303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 021411 kbps wav - 42.84MB (WinAmp) 03««
i dont
yea
And yes, Fiendly Fire is on.
00,03Yeah, this cellphone has caused me more trouble than a Courier in a RadScorpion den -_-
Fiends are buddys I was like "Hey wazzup?" and then I was dead.
Friendship... In Fallout... :D
all hopped up on drugs
I miss Wadsworth the robot Butler, lol
haha nope.
uh
"Ni**gershy" really?
00,03Hey Wrek, you should loot their clothes, repair them, and then sell them!
I miss the opening theme.
Victor sucks as a conceirge
...what.
* Niggershy (Niggershy@66.220.vzv.kjv)
...
EVENING NIGGURS
oh there it is
.....
Okay, some people have something wrong with them.
Not cool.
theyre called blacks
And you're called a moron.
nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga I'm 100% nigga
same word different langauge
Can we get some modassistance?
any YOU are called a ponyfag
ikr
D:
whoops
"K-lined"? :P
I'm colorblind
>_>
<_<
haha!
Wow.
he dies a lot
Dayum
sorry folks, every now and then they manage to evade their bans
yep
indeed a lot
how does he die?
he dies a lor...
Its alright :D
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Well, he is on the "You are such a suicidal player" difficulty
I've heard worse xD
imma play some F:NV now
DO EET FILLY
I'm going to do that to!
Seeing the mips.tv ad blocky thing again. Does this always pop up every so often if I don't have Adblock?
i'm downloading the fallout 3 goty right now... with 30kb/s
Maybe we'll meet there
fuck you, rapidshare
fuck you
05and that is why vats is so cheat
yay
05p
Yes.
playin NV and chatting, lol ftw
yeah Kandarihu, thats why you need adblock <3
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
who needs V.A.T.S lol
ck
Wrek needs some Enclave armor and and AMR
me
When I played Fallout3 I only used VATS because my weapon skills were CRAP
I need vats
Who need easy difficult
Does the popup ever GIVE an ad, or is it always just going to be a blank white square showing up for no reason?
so much death
Wrek|Observing: you can hardly call something a cheat that's implemented in-your-face-press-button-to-use
I love how Wrek is getting so badly owned that it's just Gibbing him
Yup
Kandarihu it shows you malware sites sometimes too ^^
slow-mo Hax
herro!!! Wats up!!
Hey Kipkat07_Mare
hello Kipkat07_Mare
moin Kipkat07_Mare
/me hugs Cobellanez, Invi, and MahBoi777
Shooting in fallout is cheat
yeah ikr
oh ha Kipkat07_Mare
Playing fallout is cheat
/me hugs OmegaMetroidBrony
00,03Ever tried blindfiring an AntiMaterial Rifle?
Deathclaws ftw
fallout in fallout is cheat
Yes
Well, I'm not seeing ads of any kind. Could my antivirus be blocking them?
dat hug
Wrek|Observing: besides, cheats usually take the challange out of the game. ever fought a whole cazadora swarm at once? not even vats can help you there
So many geckos were killed that day
Afternoon, everypony! How are you all today?
ScootaPhone: no. I never had one.
ScootaPhone sounds like safe fun ^^
Kipkat07_Mare, welcome.
Antimat rifle is best rifle
I love the Anti-Material rifle, it shoots straight up and misses when I fire it at someone right in front of me:P
00,03Its scary, but not fun :(
Like a boss?
Scary butt fun
i loved the pumpgn in NV. problem though was the reload bug
'dat Vegas
Oh yeah, I saw a chick wearing a Pinkie Pie shirt in school today... I almost hugged her
lolz
Dark_Horst: Its impossible. The hits kill you and if they dont, the poison will
OmegaMetroidBrony: you should've
You luck bastards all of you
I was too stunned
All our community likes is sex and parties
BB gun owns all
I was like OMFG
Yup, specialy if hot chick
dat AMR
last semester for one of my professors. Friend of mine bought her a bottle of bourbon as a going away present. she nearly cried because she felt like somebody finally understood her
Then again, welcome to England
30
Very_Silly_Filly here to :( /)
31
(\
hey everypony just came to say wat u´p
:'( /)
BAD Wrek|Observing !!! No killing NCR
KILL ALL THE NCR!
OH hai TheGreatDerpy
Okay time to eat a pizza pie.
they need to make a mlp fim cd
Kipkat07_Mare: why, i remember that random brewer shed in the middle of the desert. i said to myself "hey, that might be worth a look" so i went there. then i proceded to open the front do- OH SHIT CAZADADORAS EVERYWHEEEEAAAAARGH
moin TheGreatDerpy
have ya'll played some of the DLC to NV? it's awesome
BRB
/me has ALL the New Vegas DLC
bastards literally ambushed you from a nest behind the shed
32
MahBoi777: All but the last one.
Oh man, it would be awesome if someone were to just put the original of this song on loop and blast it out of a car right next to OWS' Mayday protests.
00,03I haven't played Dead Money yet~
Its not worth it,
pyrocatboy what are you counting?
33
Gun Runner's Arsenal makes the AMR even more OP
Old World Blues is mah favorite
dude... is that an AM rifle with incendiary rounds?
Invi: One hit kills that I've seen.
Mods and explosive rounds.... Watch out Legendary Deathclaw
00,03I liked Old World Blues, it was funneh~
O____O
damn!
34
Dr. Mobius
kill command
Watch out Deathclaw
00,03He's killing NCR :(
Dark_Horst: I hate fucking insects so when I saw the cazaldoras and the mantises and the bloatflies and the ants I damn near shit my pants
You newb
I wiped out the NCR
KILL ALL THE NCR! WOOT
35
ScootaPhone: I know. Its fuking horrible
I nuked errybody at teh end of Lonesome Road
36
Kipkat07_Mare: you gonna love skyrim then
There is almost no NCR left
Legendary Deathclaw
bad karma ftw
Dark_Horst: What? Im sacred
winter wrap up
Nuke ALL factions!
O_____O
CHEETS
Who is that band?
'dat cheat
I'm scared xD
WOOHOO
HAX!
wait WAT
CHEATS
Nice try Wrek
00,03I killed all the Deathclaws at the Wind Cavern, but I can't even step two feet without dying at the Couriers Mile :(
i logged out for 30 secs then came back and winter wrap up starts! lucky!
But we saw you
dat rgm good mode
I know that feel ScootaPhone
Kipkat07_Mare: http://preorderskyrim.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/skyrim-giant-spider-screenshot.jpg?w=620 that's why^^
i cant believe it
cheat codes
00,03Wre, you so cheap...
ewh i still hate those spiders
00,03Wrek*
ScootaPhone: stoopid radiation, lol
ScootaPhone: Im to fucking scared to kill a deathclaw. I pussy out and hide until they kill me
i managed to get through the Couriers Mile... its was crazy hard, but i got crazy good at sniping Deathclaws
Have a problem? use a chainsaw
Is the stream done?
AMR > Chainsaw
Winter wrap up, perfect song for murdering
OH NO!!
not the face!
Dark_Horst: I dont wanna do th-OSHIIIIIIIIIIIII
ZombieBrony what about smile
lol
That too
Hi bronystate.
00,03I tried using an AMR with AP Shots, but nope, they still kill me :(
tip: cripple Deathclaw's leg and run like hell
hiya FillyFlam
Gun Runner's Arsenla DLC on your game ScootaPhone
?
ZombieBrony: that's a perfect sentence for u.
hi FillyFlam
*Arsenal
Kipkat07_Mare: but fear not! a valiant modder replaced the spiders with bears!
http://admintell.napco.com/ee/images/uploads/gamertell/Skyrim_spider_mod_thumb.jpg
00,03Nope, I'm debating whether I should get it...
AMR gets more OP
ScootaPhone: im not sure how you cant kill them with the AMR... i can kill them without even going into VATS now
Haha!
hi midnight
Explosive rounds bitches
ScootaPhone: Use the Fat Boy MIRV Carpet Layer. It will fuck you up. I destroyed an entire town with it.
moin Shirtless_Tempest
careful Shirtless_Tempest or molestia will get ya
use teh BB gun
it owns
Storming the nudist colony with a Chainsaw
How is Boone still your companion?
^
Bronysith: and who says i wouldnt want that?
it's like Friday the 13th all over again
Haaai
Shirtless_Tempest ikr same here
MahBoi777: Fat Man MIRV Carpet Layer. Nuff said
00,03Hi #395071!
hi pony_withatoolongnumberI'mtoolazytowrite
Kipkat07_Mare: lol of course
i love killing everyone in this game
MahBoi777: You can fuck some serious shit up with that
GUESS WHAT
http://soundcloud.com/viko-6/this-day-aria-fail-cover Look at what i maade~
Use Tab Invi
what dr-whooves you hate pears
Cobellanez too lazy to search that number ^^
I found a cool game on teh internet
heeeeeyyyy... i know that melody
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/815/
Hit Pony then tab, not many shoices
choices*
dr-whooves: and what game would that be?
Kipkat07_Mare: lol nuke ALL the things!
its a 26 Mb downlaod but its really scary
37
taht or im justa pussy
Kipkat07_Mare: errr, re-nuke all the things
00,03This cover is.... interesting...
i miss much i had diner
amnesia the dark descent dr-whooves
That Song is creeping me out
its called CPS Containment breach
dr-whooves: whhat does it do?
MahBoi777: I used god mode and I walked around fucking shit up
haha
you're in a facility with a monster that tries to kill you
Song feels Metroid-y
38
the catch is it cant move if you can see it
Kipkat07_Mare god mode is for the weak lols
39
Ninjazz: Lonesome Road is good
Dem incinarary shots
HAX!
what gun is that
and you dont shoot, you blink
AMR
00,03HAX
dr-whooves: sounds simple enough, does it play up the horror aspect or something?
anti material rifle
yah
want link?
hey Kipkat07_Mare hows your day been
MahBoi777: I'll get it when my PS3 decides to be a good pony. >_<
Bronysith: When you use a nuke launcher carpet layer. You need it to fucking live
dr-whooves: i suppose i could check it out
xD
05hey this sogn wasnt too abd
alexxm: M'kay
00,03dat SCII
Kipkat07_Mare whatever
Big Iron on his Hip
hmm
Bronysith: ):
its fun but im a wuss heres link ---> http://scpcb.wordpress.com/
Kipkat07_Mare cheats are still cheats
00,03I like this song~
Kipkat07_Mare to me they ruin the game for me
05Bronysith implying that last bit was not cause i got bored
Wrek well if ur bored then yea w/e
whee
like in GTA4
Hello everypony!:)
hiya TheRainbowDash
00,03hey, TheRainbowDash!
hello TheRainbowDash
Hai TheRainbowDash
Bronysith: I dont use the nuke unless I am bored off my ass even then I only use that cheat for the lulz
gtg
BAI
TheRainbowDash, welcome.
ScootaPhone: You on the phone or something?:D
00,03later dr-whooves!
starcraft 2... oh noes
howdy, TheRainbowDash !
Kipkat07_Mare ok
And he's gone
14o.o
/me huggles Sylandest
hey TheRainbowDash hows your day been
Ninjazz: I sure am welcome sure here.....father///
00,03and yes, I am on my phone :/
WREK IS GOING TO WRECK SOME stuff up
05note that i am worse that a 10 year old with only 1 arm at this
lol
TheRainbowDash: You're sure are the celebrity. O_O
alexxm: Well, it actually weny pretty bad today.
im still worse
hoiiii
Can't be worse than me Wrek
lol
skyyyua
i SUCK at rts
"3
:3
how come TheRainbowDash
cept brutal legend
00,03I am so MLG PRO at this game!
The NPC is like a Korean against me
Ninjazz: I know right?:)
Hai everypony
i love RTS games but i suck at playing against people
Heya Unnr
Heh. :D
05anyone wanna join for 2v2?
05or go mano a mano?
Howdy Omegs!
hmm...i could
hey Unnr hows your day been
05eu side
Hello Unnr! (waves)
Unnr, welcome.
05<3
Shirtless_Tempest my fav thing to do is play with my friends against um cpus
hey Unnr
/me waves.
00,03Hang on Wrek...
how come TheRainbowDash
/me waves white flag of defeat
ohaï Unnr
Sup Uakh?
05yes ScootaPhone?
00,03Ah crap, updating...
05i can wait
nm
00,03I was gonna join!
05ill play a bot while you update
/me hugs TheRainbowDash i'm sure it'll get better
i can play Wrek
00,03kk ^_^
alexxm: I know it will.....and that is what keeps me living every single day working there...
i kant
05still gotta wait for scootabuse
00,03wait... scootabuse?
lol
ScootaPhone: Yeah...:D
05phone, abuse,
05potato tomato
00,03>: (
Was that a freudian slip? :3
XD
Scootabuse is best abuse.
00,0385%
wat about molestia and a phone
Wrek|Observing: It all means the same to ScootaPhone.....whoch is bad...:D
wat Ninjazz
Poor freud, why do people keep stealing his slips? Can't a psychologist have a smooth skirt?
(which)
ouch
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
is this a super mario song?
Google, alexxm. But be VERY careful.
Sylandest: D'aww, you!
if anyone wants to add me on SC2, my battle.net email is crenaud1@shaw.ca
Pfft, Terrans. Protoss FTW
dododododododooo
we got your back, TheRainbowDash
Most of us, at least.
Hi guys!
Sylandest: Ok then, good to hear.:)
btw im at school..just on log me in atm
Hello lolol! (waves)
Myself included.
logmein*
hi lololololol
lolol, welcome.
i know what it is Ninjazz i just wanted to know why you would say that
hiya lolol
hey lolol hows your day been
hio everypony!
im getting the feeling there is an insufficient amount of minerals
NAD ENAFF MINWALS!
my day has been great
Wrek|Observing: I dont think you have enough minerals
twilight_sprinkle: only in EVE. T__T
ScootaPhone vs Wrek, alexxm. :3
08,01time for some mongcraft
Wrek|Observing: can i play you in SC2 next?
00,03I'm not in yet!
so what happened TheRainbowDash
^
08,01how are you all?
08,01i'm insanely busy
08,01that's how i am.
lol
I'm busy
With AUDIOSURF
Pretty good, might have found a pegasister in my school.
Huuurrrr
08,01DairyCannon: busy hoof /)
Mmm, audiosurf
alexxm: Well, two guards went insane and started to kill everypony in the Factory, including me....I don't know the cause for them going insane like that, but it will be investigated later.
08,01lolol: convention stuff, mainly
convention?
alexxm: In all, 5 innocent ponies died today.
00,03Crap, game crashed on me...
08,01lolol: yup, i'm chairman of Brony UK Convention
Since when has Monty python and the holy grail been PG? I'm sure it was R a couple years back. It's still 15 in the UK.
ScootaPhone: The game is now abusing you now....:D
10hi HML
Good thing you made it out alright, TheRainbowDash
TheRainbowDash: damn how did i miss that
00,03:|
O_o
i'm getting bored...
/me gives pablez a duck
Wb Invi
ssh is a wonderful thing.
Welcome back Invi! (waves)
wb Invi
wb, invi
hey Invi what you been up to
00,03Oh yeah, BUCK, right?
08,01lolol: http://bronyuk.org
03inb4 "you telling me to shut up?"
thanks guys and hi TheRainbowDash ^^
I'll never understand why you still work there, TheRainbowDash.
/me gives pablez94 a duck
08,01ScootaPhone: indeed
Sshushing is wonderful
Not sshing, that's boring
welcome to goodburger
Home of the GoodBurger
Can I take your order?
Damn! good times man, good time
:D
i guess this match will take some time... guess i should clean out the garage like i said i would
FUUUUUUUUUUUUU I WAS DOIN THAT
YFW you realize that he now owns a chain of fast food resturaunts
hmmmm...thanks? alexxm
Unnr and Ninjazz: /)
00,03Well shit, I can't even log on...
MahBoi777: (\
08,01lolol: probably about 300 - 600
Should I get AC 1 or ME1 tomorrow?
Ninjazz: It is for a purpose far beyond of CloudsDale's mythology....it means that I'm evil, and it stays that way.
08,01we have capacity for up to 1,000
/me shoots a laser around
Dayum...
EVIL
08,01if we need it
cant remember your password ScootaPhone? or the game is just not liking you right now?
/me *realizes* squeezes da duck biting it...
SS should use teamviewer though
:/
:$
03prolly can't run EXEs
What face?
TheRainbowDash, you should know by now that evil is an illusion.
MahBoi777: ?)
lol NMM anti-rainbow mythology
gah /)
00,03Game doesn't like me... then again I haven't played for a while now...
please stop using "mfw" and the like when you don't link it to a face
ScootaPhone Now you see why it hates you.
TheRainbowDash, what is necessary does not mean evil.
/me eats pablez94
00,03I've been neglecting it :(
Ninjazz: ...I am the evil Rainbow Dash, and that is final!
08,01TheRainbowDash: quit the grimdark, please
i havent played SC2 since last year
end of discussion Ninjazz.
/me rolls up newspaper and bonks TheRainbowDash
08,01*grimdark rp
Don't argue with me.
ewww
Ow Ninjazz! Ok!:D
05hmm
08,01Ninjazz: you too
05laggign a bit
Huh?
/me "da what?" pyrocatboy "nomnomnom" "noooooooooooo"
eeeeeeeeeeevil
08,01anyhoos, time for some minecrack
08,01see y'all!
this is just cute http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/473/
03bbl class
08,01lolol: piss off.
:(
ouch
:'(
Anyone? I will have £10 in total. Should I buy Mass effect 1, or Assassins creed 1, or save up for ME2, AC:Brotherhood, or just cause 2?
I'm back and what is this
Activate_The_pootis: ME1
oh Wb Anotherguy
^
Activate_The_pootis me1
wb Anotherguy
what do you want Activate_The_pootis
/me kills himself
/me revives lolol
hey Anotherguy what you been up to
Dinner
/me no leave me Bronysith i want to die!
hi Anotherguy
DINNER
Om nom nom!
/me revives lolol
I mean, I want a AC game, but at the same time I don't want to see BOOBESH for no reason. I want to jump into the action
/me eats lolol
lolol now you wont want to http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Z4m4lnjxkY
/me kills Bronysith and kills self feeling emmence guilt and anguish
BOOBESH?
08,01lolol: first warning.
/me cannot be killed by non force sensitve being
wut?
/me revives lolol
Is this...what?
Bronysith: are you.......a wizard?
yes
:O
starcraft 2 Anotherguy
-_- MahBoi777
/me eats Ninjazz
:D
he is a evil enchanter...
I knew it.
tasty
What?! ARGH!
MahBoi777: Possibly Bronysith is...:P
LOL
2seeya
Time to go get the ever lovely bottle caps
Invi: And he has evil...dancers.
xD right
dem Zerg
All of my money.png http://chzfandom.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/fanart-cosplay-aperture-pc.jpg
so hows tank TheRainbowDash
FillyFlam and if you look deep in his eyes he wil put you in trancers (?)
/me eats Invi
00,03K, I am ready to play!
alexxm: Tank is fine...
create your own aperture kit
Go go go, ScootaPhone!
Tank is dead isn't he?
Allofmymoney.Jpeg http://chzfandom.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/fanart-cosplay-aperture-pc.jpg
/me is confused by his new environment in pyrocatboy and pokes randomly around
love dem starcraft ponies
0,5This is like Wheres Waldo
/me is eaten
1,3.
argh
Dat LC
00,03Oh hi, Xodine!
Ohey
o/
/me doesnt know how to repsond...
Dem colors
hey Xiodine hows your day been
/me pulls up a pillow and procedes to nap
0,5Oops
Hello!
0,5For some reason, it picked my alternate name.
/me eats Unnr
Hello Original_JAMES! (waves)
silly LordCelestia :)
LordCelestia, welcome.
/me is not fud, pyrocatboy
My day has been very good thanks
Original_JAMES, welcome.
OMG
deeeeeeeeeeeeed
Xiodine, welcome.
THE MEET THE PYRO VIDEO http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHg5SJYRHA0
LordCelestia: Silly filly you! And Hello! (waves and hugs) How are yow today?:)
oh hai Original_JAMES
I actually got the homework done before class :o
DON'T CLICK THE LINK IT'S RICKROLLED
Wait, this channel does not welcome people so readily normally
never gunna give you up
WHAT'S GOING ON?
never gunna let you down
Litwick gotcha
o-o
I LIKE RICK ROLL
0,5This is kind of like wheres waldo
Not while I'm around.
0,5except when you find him
I found Carmen Sandiego, yet not Waldo.
Wait, did someone SERIOUSLY rick roll?
I heard Waldo... WHERE IS HE?!??!?!?
0,5you get knifed in the jaw
00,03You shit bricks?
^
:D
Xiodine: rest secure knowing you can't be kicked or banned from the channel ^_^
:D
Bronysith: Buck you... just, buck you.
Scoot-Scootaloo yes it hurts
Wrek|Observing is casting a large scale russling of jimmies
those Zerg are getting Wreked :3
lol MakerDusk you and your godly IRC powers
pyrocatboy sry this should cheer u up http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/473/
I know right, that's why I put a coloured '.' in the channel every so often
last week I had to finish it during class LOL
Hey everypony! Will there be any ponys today?
It has been too long I have been away from here.
The spawning pool has been.... SPIKED!
moin Sparkle-Pone
idk Sparkle-Pone
and then my pencil ran out of lead and I couldn't >_>
Hey Sparkle-Pone
I like watching all of the "inb4 kick"'s MakerDusk
DON'T PONY. Shit, i said it
/me eats Xiodine
Sparkle-Pone, welcome.
say*
Sparkle-Pone i see a little Twily on the screen ^^
hey Sparkle-Pone hows your day been and a heads up asking for ponies usually gets us G3
Xiodine: weak! go all out and type up a line in jarring colour
wait wut Xiodine cant be kicked?
I could never do that
Invi: i love you
The chanops' blood would boil
uh, thank you lolol?
Thanks everyone, and yes, little Twi is cute.
lol
/me then had to op him again XD
http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/99375?search=starcraft
xD
MakerDusk: Lozzle cakes
Sparkle-Pone: Yes she is.....but ittle RD is cuter...:D
There is a script for that?
/me eats Xiodine
(and that right there probably made my week >_<)
MakerDusk: Wait so is that why he wasnt OP for a while?
(little)
why did he get kicked MakerDusk
I'm not to sure about that Dashie ;)
Sparkle-Pone: Oh, ok..:)
I think I'm going to play something, not sure if should...
alexxm: he was trying to kick MakerDusk
2wb
no, he sent 5 messages in 10s XD
and then wound up getting kicked by his own bot
MakerDusk: Hahaha:D
I thought it was six
It is six
apparently the bar has been lowered
Really?
Eeyup.
give it a try
oh it did?
Ive been gone for that long?
MakerDusk: ive been looking for you
count to 5
>_>
<_<
>:D
remember I feed you MakerDusk
/me flees the wrath of his gf Fluffy_32
you should!
XDDDDD
Creepy~
lol
to the patio set!
/me eats MakerDusk
2heh
2Coding in Java is a lot easier than I thought
/me while watching MakerDusk run
MakerDusk: i need you to get perogies
lol
Hiya everypony.
/me i lol
moin Dashie_Dashie
hey Dashie_Dashie
oh hai Dashie_Dashie
Dashie_Dashie, welcome.
Hey Dashie_Dashie
I dun have my beard no more :<
/me eats Dashie_Dashie
00,03Wrek, whenever you're ready!
no moar beard? awwww
hey Dashie_Dashie hows your day been
I assume this is starcraft 2?
00,03Keep in mind, I am a TERRIBLE SCII player...
I'm going to play something and can't shit I mean chat while doing it so bye everyone
00,03So much so that people get mad at me...
It's dandy, alexxm
Cya Anotherguy
c ya Anotherguy
bye Anotherguy
BAi Anotherguy
Welp I'm gonna be fired at the end of the school year. Yay.
bye Anotherguy
/me patrs CriticKitten on the back
why is that, CriticKitten ?
that sucks.....or does it?
My district just voted to make major cuts in spending.
Among those cuts is the firing of 80 teachers.
CriticKitten: ooh, that would do it
Dat economy.
And the closing of two schools.
Damn!
Lols
man that freaking sucks D:
/me hugs CriticKitten
you'll find something
And firing every single teacher aide, and several janitors and special ed teachers
DAyum
/me eats CriticKitten
(hugs CriticKitten):P
Oh, but we're still going to pay the superintendent FOURTY THOUSAND DOLLARS more than her predecessor
Wrek be fucking shit up
Yet I thought the gov't liked spending money?
/me hugs CriticKitten
http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/173987
oh my
Dark_Horst: The Wrekonater....cool..:)
Thank you TheRainbowDash! :D
Oh DRF= http://i.imgur.com/PhBKH.png :D
So we're going to overpay her and just fire over a hundred people on staff instead. Makes sense right?
Then again the uneducated masses are easier to control
Sparkle-Pone: Sure, no problem...:)
so much sense
CriticKitten: its never been said that governments make the best choices
/me eats Sparkle-Pone
no good, I have too many holes to be filling
It's not governments, it's the school board for this district. Administrators will never vote to lower their own pay, they'll just fire teachers instead and keep raking in six figure incomes
wat Sparkle-Pone
05soon done dear
not sure
The Wreking continues :)
Anyways, oh well. So I found that out today from the teacher's aide for our math department, who is pretty much like "meh, I'm not even full time minimal wage anyways"
huzzah for destruction
the wrek SEES!
Here, have some music. http://youtu.be/o39VDFPTzow
BoS = East caps
DairyCannon: I just sent the Wrekonater to the battlefield...after 30 minutes, see out victory.:)
(yeah, picture that, you can make as much as a teacher's aide as you can at McDonald's, go figure)
/me eats DairyCannon
whats an in-house test? as in "in-house test about the addctiveness of tobacco"
(really shows how much we care about education)
I'm back
what's Wrek|Observing playing now?
Welcome back otakon! (waves)
looks like Starcraft 2
oh hai otakon
/me eats otakon
hiya OmegaMetroidBrony
CriticKitten: I'm sorry that you got the short end of the stick here. We support you, if it means anything! :)
hey otakon
pyrocatboy: don't do that, I'm covered with pionous spines
hello everypony
00,03GG NO RE
05Scoot-Scootaloo
Sylandest: "Officially" I'm not fired yet.
/me eats OmegaMetroidBrony
00,03eeyup!
Hey pyrocatboy don't eat too many chatters or else you'll get a wicked bad tummy ache! Hehehe, SWAG.
Scoot-Scootaloo: you lose?
CriticKitten: Irregardless, we still got your back
One does not simply ingest an Omega Metroid
But I'm the only one in my department without a classroom of my own, and the only one without experience beyond this (my first year) so I'm by far the easiest to fire.
Wrek|Observing: i think i know the answer to this, but can i play SC2 with you?
Oh, and wanna hear more awesome news about this?
CriticKitten: might as well give us all of it. What else?
CriticKitten: Umm...sure, ok...
I could almost taste the sarcasm off of that sentence
i tasted it too
CriticKitten: what do you teacheth?
delicious, eh
So our district has a required limit of 32 kids. Classes can't be bigger than that.
OmegaMetroidBrony: The fresh print of sarcasm on the print of words...:D
Which is already too large but I digress.
So with them firing so many teachers, they realized it'd be hard to make that mark.
So what are they gonna do? Why, they'll just get rid of class size restrictions of course!
of course
Say hello to 40-kid classes!
CriticKitten: Daaang
I was in one of those once
Damn!
hello 40-kid class
DANG
Damn!
CriticKitten: Geez man...:O
serriously
CriticKitten: That's just not right
that's an army
RX-78-SweetieBot you hear from kenne and UnfoudBug today about a game tomorrow clearing Gold?
lol
You'll see kids as far back to their desks of a mile away...
I don't think any teacher that isn't strict as BUCK could handle that many kids
theres about 12 people in my college class
they're gonna rebel
It is too much for any teacher to experience through...
too much
ofc they will MahBoi777
Yeah. It's not. But then I'm supposed to support the party that's doing this.
I was once in a 38 kids class in the 5th school year
My teachers can hardly handle the class sizes in my school.
So many god damn "Class Clowns" in some
Ingwaz: The biggest sized class that I was in was maybe 25 and that's it...:)
Now if you want to do "lecture-sized classes" for high school, hey, go for it. But don't expect them to succeed when you're doing that.
And it wasn't even too bad either.
/me eats Ingwaz
most people we've ever had in a class is 10-15
/me pokes pyrocatboy with a stick
30 plus is a nightmare
wut? lol what a dream MahBoi777
/me eats the stick
a luna deos remix? i don't know this one. what's it called?
0,5Ohai ScootaChicken
OmegaMetroidBrony the teacher said we were all nice ^^
Invi: true story
Depends on who's in the class
Evening all.
Hai LordCelestia
You got a half decent class with half decent students
hi ScootaChicken
o u school kids
hey ScootaChicken hows your day been
http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/173589?search=Cadence
05Shirtless_Tempest
05you on EU right?
moin Scoot-Scootaloo and LordCelestia
I love small sized classes, best if there was only 2-5 kids in my class, but that will never happen for sure.
00,03Man, I can't play with Wrek :(
/me eats ScootaChicken
awww :(
40 kids is sheer chaos
1,3good afternoon everypony :)
Anyways, sorry to bother ya all, I just got really mad when I heard the news today and needed to vent my frustration there. XP
Afternoon kirz
moin kirzstryfe
00,03Oh hey, kirzstryfe!
hay kirz
Hello kirzstryfe! (waves and hugs) How aer you today?:)
Hey kirz.
1,3wait a sec, Wrek is playing sc2?
i wish i could play sc2 with wrek :'(
Eeyup kirz.
hey kirzstryfe
05yes kirzstryfe
/me eats %ey, kirzst
So lesse, guess I'll patch Guild Wars 2 now if it needs it...
05but if i cant find anyoen on an EU server ill probably go tf2 ing or something
/me eats %kirzstryfe
CriticKitten: so do you discuss your brony hobbies with your students?
hey kirzstryfe hows your day been
Hi everypony.
00,03oh hey Bobeh!
http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/173589?search=Cadence
hey Bobeh hows your day been
05Shirtless_Tempest?
hey guys i have downloaded the frifox plugin named "ponify" it's SO AWESOME /)O3O(\
1,3long, might take a nap in a bit
alexxm: Just fine :)
firefox*
HI Bobeh
what does it do pablez94
/me goves TheRainbowDash a duck
pablez94: I keep forgeting to use that...
00,10Lo all
00,03oh hey Sumica!
Wrek|Observing: im on an EU server ill play!!!
Hi Sumica.
Hey Sumica
/me eats CriticKitten
Hello Sumica! (waves and hugs) How are you today?:)
Hi~ Good afternoon everyone
anything that can be ponified it will be ponified
hey Sumica
Hi Sumica
lolol: I do not, my class isn't exactly the brony type sadly. :(
/me eats Sumica
00,03Oh hey, TheGreatAndPowerfulT!
hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT hows your day been
Oh hai Sumic
moin Sumi
...
/me faild
CriticKitten: chavs?
moin TheGreatAndPowerfulT
CriticKitten its ok
...
Hello TheGreatAndPowerfulT! (waves)
can you give an example pablez94
Wrek|Observing: ok... :'(
/me double failed :(
OmegaMetroidBrony: XD
alexxm Long 3 hours of calculus is annoying
like if u google everyone results wiil be like everypony alexxm
thanks pablez94
Though I plan to sneak MLP references into the final if I can.
00,10murphy never disapointing. Stay up to 8am have work call at 830 to ask me to work this evening.
if u write fap u'll get clop... alexxm
If for no other reason than it amuses me.
and similar...
/me goves TheRainbowDash a duck
alexxm: Umm, thanks?:P
Sumica no one can avoid murphy law
/me eats TheRainbowDash
(has been nommed on by pyrocatboy)O_O
i see starcraft ~ Zerg rush ?
TheRainbowDash: same reaction here but just 15 minutes ago
hey guys :)
moin
Hello Sketch_Toku_Brony! (waves)
00,03wait.. you're playing with Sp00n?
hey Sketch_Toku_Brony hows your day been
Wrek|Observing: sorry, i was busy washing the garage floor... but im back
Hello
05you on EU server Shirtless_Tempest`?
oh ai Mocmocrow
hey pyrocatboy u eat everyone with a duck?
Wrek|Observing: no, i would be NA
I guess people just hate me
hey Mocmocrow hows your day been
/me eats Sketch_Toku_Brony
Fine
Hello Mocmocrow! (waves)
Hi!
The mother of the "I can count to potato" girl has been offended. Woopedoo.
pyrocatboy :O NO ILL GIVE YA DIABEETUS
Activate_The_pootis: HAaaha, what?:D
lol i heard about that
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=BYowYqNOjUQ
/me eats Activate_The_pootis
You will be offended. Welecome to the Internet
Activate_The_pootis: Now i have up syndrome!
heh
Activate_The_pootis: No video links during the stream ok? And that is hilarious still!:D
mother of "I count to potato" girl...? WUT !?
http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/172847?search=Cadence
Im Making a Website
This Machine used to be one of the most unique guns in New Vegas...
00,10must be one of those custome rules maps
hiya Sumica
Wrek|Observing: im guessing that we wont be able to play? just cause im not on a EU server?
LordCelestia: why you half op?
OmegaMetroidBrony: I love dat gun
You know the girl that is featured in the pictures? Her mother.
Gun Runner's Arsenal now gives you Battle Rifles
Wrek|Observing: I am on a EU server, I have starcraft 2 , I would love to play it with you, Please can I play it with you?!?!?
OmegaMetroidBrony: nice, I knew I should have gotten it
Mercy
whoa... what is this?
Which are pretty much the same thing but aren't as effective at killing Commies
it's Star Craft 2 Dark_Horst
Man, with finals comming up I need a good mlp episode to unwind. How u guys doing?
/me eats Activate_The_pootis
Heya Applechip
otakon: i know that it's starcraft, but it doesn't normally look like this
no seriously i'm setting bored stream some ponies
Applechip: I suggest Super Cider Sqeezy 6000
Dark_Horst: it's STARCRAFT 2
getting*
I suggest the finale if you haven't seen it
DAMN IT
/me eats Applechip
otakon: yeah, i think i said that i'm aware of that
pyrocatboy: STOP EATING CHATTERS!
/me eats pyrocatboy
Zerg rush!
00,03kekekeke
/me eats pablez94
Scoot-Scootaloo: you are a arse
00,03:3
Dammit Wrek|Observing WORK FASTER!
Scoot-Scootaloo: Hmm.....are you ok?:D
is Scoot-Scootaloo playing too?
lol
Shirtless_Tempest: and winning
Scoot-Scootaloo: YOU CHEAP MAN!
otakon: hmmm... i wanna play...
Dayum
00,03No, apparently US servers and EU servers don't add up :(
ok perfect now stop it pyrocatboy
Shirtless_Tempest: do you own it?
00,10well that did not go well
05which is why i dont multibase
Wrek|Observing: I am on a EU server, I have starcraft 2 , I would love to play it with you, Please can I play it with you?!?!?
you clearly needed aditional pylons
Scoot-Scootaloo: Man, that sucks....:P
otakon: yeah, but im on a NA server... they are on EU
1 US Server plus dozens of EU servers just doesn't add up.
I'ME GETTING BORED PLEASE STREAM SOME PONIES!
pablez94: ASHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!
/me hugs pablez94
Oh god why?...
It is always better to make a game of no technical flaws than to make a game that is better with technical flaws.
pablez94: YOU NEVER ASK FOR PONIES EVER!
05pablez94 hush
/me hugs back
/me smacks pablez94 for being a foal
/me gives pablez94 a paddleball
well Wrek|Observing is ignoring me, good stuff
Is it going to be Spiderman or.... G3...
05cause i dont like you
pablez94: NEVER ASK FOR PONIES, especially in ALLCAPS.
Wrek is streaming ponies... see that Twilight there? A pony...
Wrek|Observing: why?
lolol: what you do to piss off Wrek|Observing?
no idea
/me hugs lolol
:) - a pony for u
(hugs lolol insanely close)
/me cries
poor lolol
Wrek|Observing: what is your paypal? ill pay you money
so... i wont be able to play SC2 cause of servers... good work Blizzard, you suck balls even more >_<
/me "oh my goodness i asked qietly and no one heard me i asked loudly and too many heard me maybei have to tlak on half loud and half quiet?"
Holy cow a snorlax. http://www.youtube.com/user/nanaluvstroubles
pablez94: IMPOSSIBURU
brb
00,10Activate_The_pootis no video links
Hi everypony!
MahBoi777: u get da ponit!
kay. ._.
OtakuTom: hi tom
hey OtakuTom!
1,3part of it may be Wrek doesn't like shills
Activate_The_pootis: No video links during the stream, ok?:) And hello OtakuTom! (waves)
/me hugs Activate_The_pootis
dat multigaming
hey yall
Hello Magic ! (waves)
hi
Oh hai Magic
hey Magic hows your day been
hey Magic
hey all
Gah! I'm so excited! I want it to be tomorrow already! XD
Hi :3
O RLY
hi That_British_Guy
Starcraft, yay
whats happening then OtakuTom
hi o.o
hai
OH YEA
do yall know when the movie is gonna be plyed tomarrow
Hello That_British_Guy! (waves)
OtakuTom: I know right? So ready for movies...
hey That_British_Guy hows your day been
sure
forgot OtakuTom is proposing
Anime Central, which also means my MLP photo shoot/party and proposing to my girlfriend!
/me hugs Magic
My Game Informer came in :)
Around 7PM EST
Magic: The first movie begins at 7:00 PM EST, hope to see you there!:)
hey CCCP hows your day been
this chat is busy todau
Oh hai CCCP
hey CCCP
no seriously no loud talk: may u streamers give us some pony video just to make us get les bored... at least I AM so maybe we can vote for it ? what ya think Wrek|Observing?
hope it goes well OtakuTom
OtakuTom: Oh. Congrats man. :)
why hello alexxm it has been fin, how about you?
so 8 for me
...
Baby, check this out, I've got something to say. Man, it's so loud in here.
dont ask for ponies
im central
And hello CCCP! (waves)
good CCCP
hi OmegaMetroidBrony and MahBoi777
hey TheRainbowDash
moin CCCP :)
When they start the love machine and I can love again, I'll remember what it was.
:) hi Invi
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
hope all goes well OtakuTom
pyrocatboy: D'aww, you!
Kammerjunk, I was just listening to that song...like 10 minutes ago XD
OtakuTom: Oh lol.
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
So apperently Halo 4 is this months Game Informer
/me "CCCP!!!!" dashes to him and hugs him really strong!
alexxm: D'aww, the hugs!
pablez94: You made a big mistake commiting to Russia...:D
00,10geting the feeling more building should be done by now in this game
/me hugs pablez94 for many hours :)
I may jump into chat tomorrow during the movie to make the official announcement :P
if i cant play some SC2 with people i can have fun with... guess i wont be playing it for a long time
TheRainbowDash: ?????
2oh
2derp
2:x
pablez94: CCCP is a Russian spy, right?
/me hugs Invi
otakon: can't u do it today?
..maybe?
2I'll get around to it
TheRainbowDash: maaaaabey
I prefer my spies to be Russian
That's probably wrong grammar, but grammar is for silly fillies.
uh huh Kammerjunk
/me hugs pyrocatboy back
A SPAI
just reminding you :P
CCCP: I call that as a definite yes!:D
wat is this?
Beats those back stabbin French ones
TheRainbowDash: ok u win
/me may have SC2 >.>
2alright XD
Get the guns ready, we got a spy in the chat!:D
/me " u missed me guy! how has your day been?" watches him with filly's sparkling eyes
Yo dude, SC2; nice game. I'm a hipster in that I like the original :)
I murdered your toys as well.
/me hugs otakon
i like the board game
pablez94 " u missed me guy! how has your day been?" watches CCCP with filly's sparkling eyes
so there
Dinodude65: I liked SC1 before it was cool.
I win
Are ponies mainstream?
yes
no
lol
Eeyup.
sure
CCCP: No, but being hipster is mainstream.
maybe
1,3if you're a preteen girl, yes
^
kirzstryfe: If not, then no?:D
it was a pretty good day pablez94 :) u?
Kammerjunk: i see
Which is irony at its best.
So Wrek|Observing why do you hate me?
/me hugs Kammerjunk
lol
i was wondering
darn hipsters
/me throws water at pyrocatboy.
kirzstryfe: yrue
OMG CAN'T STAY AWAKE
true*
where is everypony from
this class is so pointless to go to
lolol: Stop asking him that, please? It's ok now...:P
/me hugs TheRainbowDash and nibbles on her ear
Magic: Denmark.
I just had to turn in homework x.x
USA
Magic: Batimare.
I'd prefer to know
I'm from the United States of Obesity
lolol >implying Wrek hates people
/me eats the water
(nibbles on That_British_Guy)
hi everypony :)
me too Mahboi777
/me "nice" still happy to see CCCP (but dunno why maybe is soo bored that can only hope in him for some intertaining?)
me too
2what class is it?
Hello CreativePonyName! (waves)
Magic: i cant tell you, or anyone im too paranoid
Magic: Michigan
hi CreativePonyName
ok, I'm out, C y'all later :)
linear algebra
2lmao
11.•10«11WB10 (Aurora10) 11WB10»11•. 10- MY MILKSHAKES BRING ALL THE B-
02*WB03(Aurora03)02WB* - <Aurora> 06I acknowledge I have issues, I am ok with it
pyrocatboy: I'd ask how the hay you eat water, but I'm not sure I want to know.
haibai CreativePonyName
Bye Invi! (kisses you)
well im in tx.
hi CreativePonyName
00,03ooh, daribot! I haven't seen that in a while~
bye Invi
It's bending, I ain't gotta explain hay.
why is that funny?
CreativePonyName: hi! nice name!
im paranoid, but if there are government agents coming to get me, I say come at me bro
why is what funny
pablez94: i wish i could be entertaining but i dont know what to do
didn't dari used to talk?
Scoot-Scootaloo: yeah its been in the regulars room for the past week
he asked what class I'm bored in
2[14:17] what class is it?
2[14:18] lmao
that
dari talks every now and then
Ingwaz: D'aww, you!
pavarkian: they see EVERYTHING
Hello everyone ^.^ What game is this?
6ah
Heya LonelyPony
ikr MahBoi777
SCII
05crossign hooves for a good team this time
why IS that funny?
Mebbe
my dad actually works for the government >_>
Dat dari
LonelyPony: Starcraft II.
Hello LonelyPony! (waves) Wrek|Observing is playing StarCraft 2 now.
/me eats Invi's hug
CCCP: yep i dunno too... hahahaha just joking... ok i'm gonna on ponibooru searching for something cute to post.. wanna help me?
also Aurora were you still looking for a PS3?
2the fact that it's boring you XD
6depends
6why
well
I want to sell mine, is the short version
dead
@pokemon
dammit
6how much
XD\
6and which one is it
since I assume you don't care about hacking
00,10looks like a fun map there wrek
it's the third-gen
Alright everypony, question time! What is the game that you're most hyped up for this gaming year?:)
6yeah I don't mind anything really
meaning no PS2 support :/
6as long as it works
(it has to be released in this year)
pablez94: ponibooru doesn't work on my computer
it works LOL
6that's fine, I still have a working PS2
:(
none of the above
assassins creed 3
TheRainbowDash: Barbie's Magical Candy Adventure 2.
2linear algebra can make you fill like you're dyeing
00,10Fighting is magic =p
then halo 4 because im a giant fan boy
2feel*
and really, whatever you'd be willing to pay, my goal is to buy a first-gen for hacking purposes
Kammerjunk: Um...interesting response there...:D
00,03Black Ops 2
nooooo really CCCP? is just a site how it can't work?
6it's my current DVD player but yeah
Oh yes ED-E is most OP companion
12lol
TheRainbowDash: Bioshock Infinite AND Halo 4
Sumica: Aww yeah! I can't wait for that too!
and GTA V if it was actually coming out this year
I waited too long and got stuck with 3rd
Sumica: how do you know its coming out this year?
6well, what price would you be looking at?
go halo
pablez94: idk but it never seems to load
ever
pavarkian: Agreed.
$150ish maybe
/me tickles TheRainbowDash whos a silly filly
TheRainbowDash: Thanks. In reality, Diablo III, but I'm sure Blizzard wouldn't mind postponing it further.
6sounds about right
lol you guys have gotta see 2 best sisters play portal 2 :D
MahBoi777: Oh, they are very good choices too.
CCCP:
TheRainbowDash: Bioshock: Infinite
?
6hold onto that, lemme check my current financial situation
00,10cause if they cant get at least somthing by this year i feel it might be too late
OK
alexxm: Hahaham I'm a silly filly!:D
6I should be able to do that
2!Pokemon
Bioshock makes me gusta
2<3
ikr
TheRainbowDash: Also RE6
lol
CCCP: ... bad connection huh (sorry last time tab deleted my message
12hmm
oh ok
12Silent Hill or Catherine...
Dat RE6
2!Pokemon
12decisions decisions
/me hugs pablez94
2EW
oh yay, are we going to the lab now?
CCCP: Bioshock makes you like?
Sumica: yeah I hope they at least release a beta or something
brb XD
RE6 does look good
TheRainbowDash: And DLC for SSX.
I say with a hunk of regret...
Morning everypony :)
Kammerjunk: it makes me soo happy that i dont have to make sense
Alright another question. What game that will be released this year feels like the biggest bust/waste of money to you?
I heard OP Raccoon City sucked
hey XAX
Hello XAX! (waves)
mornin XAX
hey XAX hows your day been
Salve, XAX.
hi XAX
its ok
whoa whoa whoa... someone playing Starcraft 2?
oh hai XAX
Hiya XAX
05wish me luck
/me hugs back with a glare in da eyes
MINERALZ? YOU RUSTLED TOO MANY JIMMIES TODAY, SON.
good luck Wrek
http://derpy.me/8CcXk
XD
Morning generally means I just woke up, so I havnt had much of a day yet.
I woke up around 11...
Jimmy Rustle needs to be stopped!
maybe 12
:( I want to play Starcraft 2, but I'm more of a vs computer type of guy
Driving home from my meth lab, I realise something had changed. Looked in the sky, saw with my eye, the Moon was following me.
hmm
fun
Cool story Kammer
/me is not sure if serious
2Catherine?
Kammerjunk: NO WAI:O
2;3
Oh WOW
[16:22:58] <GerbilSoft[derp]> “I promise you, the president has a big stick,” Biden said, “I promise you.”
[16:23:04] <GerbilSoft[derp]> now this could either mean one of two things:
[16:23:10] <GerbilSoft[derp]> 1. biden was quoting teddy roosevelt
[16:23:12] <GerbilSoft[derp]> 2. obama's black
Ok, another question. If you had only one game to play for the rest of your life, what will that be? (say maybe you're on a deserted island or something like that)
MahBoi777: Yus wai!
Does anyoen want to play Kid icarus Uprising with me?
skyrim
TheRainbowDash: definently Smash Bros Melee. by far
Kammerjunk: Did it have a big scary face like in majora's mask?
TheRainbowDash: MOUNT AND BLADE.
duuuuuuude, I could have sworn I saw the clouds move the other day
1,3ball in a cup
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/174067
totally bro
whatever good MLP MMO :P
*raises hand* I do :$
kirzstryfe: Aww, those classic games! Awesome!:)
Kammerjunk: Seems like just Tuesday to me.
ball in a cup is better than paddleball
mhmm
ikr
2"the president has a big stick"
2that could be translated in quite a few ways :x
yay computers :P
pyrocatboy: You lead a very odd life.
mlp mmo sounds fun
:D
also LOL
heya kirzstryfe
lol NS
pyrocatboy: I mean, Tuesday for me is just whiskey and TF2.
DRF you missed it
I got Guitar Hero/Goldeneye 007 on my side...(including multiplayer)
6drf, what would be included with your PS3
Seriously, it's a great combination.
nice Kammerjunk
6controller(s), cables, etc
nice
basically everything
I literally
<GerbilSoft[derp]> “I promise you, the president has a big stick,” Biden said, “I promise you.”
<GerbilSoft[derp]> now this could either mean one of two things:
<GerbilSoft[derp]> 1. biden was quoting teddy roosevelt
<GerbilSoft[derp]> 2. obama's black
You know what I would like? A haryr potter RPG made by bioware.
took it out of the box and hooked it up
hmm
thatd be cool
Kammerjunk: Do you have a mic? ._.
Activate_The_pootis: That would be cool...:P
So I finally finished my fanfic in ... well, written expression form
Kammerjunk: eeyup -watches Sputnik float by-
That'd be... interesting
spanning all secen books?
The ending is awesome, totally
XAX: I have two. Why?
05em girefers
TheRainbowDash: hmmm... Probably tetris (no joke)
I actually have a second unopened DualShock controller too, since I originally planned on using the PS3 for gaming and then was like "nah"
we're sorry tto twi! http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/174045
Ok, another question. What game was the biggest dissapointment to you?
Duke Nukem Forever
Lol TF2 + Drunk + Microphone = ???
05DNF
XAX: Oh god...:D
pablez94: damn that link dont work!
I cant femember
6you gonna keep that or would be willing to part with it?
*remember
XAX: a hilarious combination
CCCP: inb4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhHAuMep748
I can part with it
TheRainbowDash: Spore. I had hoped for much more.
is that a good or bad thing
6cool
like I said, I'm baiscally replacing that with an older model that can play PS2
the one I'm looking at on eBay
comes with a controller and remote
6that'll work cuz I'm gonna have 3 gamers in one apartment next semester
so I could give away mine
XD
nice, Roara
I remember drifting off into my mind and thinking of the ponies visiting me in my bedroom. Then I realized that they wouldn't be wearing any clothes and.... then I freaked out and thought of something else
er not remote, nvm
speaking of games
XAX: Oh, right. I don't actually get wasted on whiskey, I just get tipsy, maybe slightly drunk.
tomorrow my school is having a part
y
Kammerjunk: I was actually hoping for a lor of Call of Dury games appearing in the chat..(except for 4 and older than that.....:P
6ok so 150?
(lot)
and I managet the room hosting Counter Strike
|D
CCCP: twilight saying that da for da bronies didn't work (image from mlp season finale when she talks about her brother and his wedding)
sorry kirz :s
plus shipping, ideally LOL
*manage the
TheRainbowDash: Yu-Gi-Oh: Duelist of the Roses
hey kirzstryfe, thanks for your advice (on my dA ;))
IKR
6well yeah
CCCP: da portal
6how much do you think that is
TheRainbowDash: Are you kidding me? I still play the first CoD.
/me 6isn't good with shipping prices
pyrocatboy: i used to love that game
12SH2 it is
depends, if I do the cheap USPS it's probably like $10
district attorney?
6k
pablez94: oh lol
:P
ah
1,3ah, np CountDoofus, hope it helps :)
Kammerjunk: Yeah, I meant to say Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 or something like that...
makes more sesne
>YFW Black Ops 2.
CoD4: the only MW game that was made with PC players in mine at all.
In mind*
ah call of duty
The stone, it calls to me, and now I see the things the stone has shown to me: A rock that spoke a word (An animated mineral, it can be heard).
I think Lyra broke up with Bon Bon
?
Call of Duty is okay
Ok, another question. What is the first game that you played?
CoD, the only FPS game that i would buy to only throw the disk into A BLENDER
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/174037
/me is watching animaniacs
Starcontrol 2
Midnight_Tempest: wow, really?
TheRainbowDash: Super Mario World 3 ofc
Super Mario 64.
otakon: i hate that game that much, yes
Super Smash Bros
First game? Hmmm... Either Tetris or Super Mario Land (Game Boy)
for the GB advance
COD is soo over rated it has be come under rated. Seriously its NOT THAT BAD
Midnight_Tempest: before it became annual I like it
StarControl 2 is the greatest game ever made
I like Battlefield and Halo
CCCP: agreed, it's just bc it comes out every damn year
1,3Midnight_Tempest, wouldn't setting fire to your wallet essentially accomplish the same thing?
CCCP: After CoD 3, it just went oatmeal. Seriously, who brings a crossbow to a war?
metal gear
I as well MahBoi777
^^ I know you love it Midnight
For me, it would have to be Sonic from the Sega Genesis. (or some form of that)
kirzstryfe: true, and i wouldn't have to say i bought CoD
Kammerjunk: Rambo
otakon: i will agree it is getting old
6hahah this works out. my parents were gonna get one for my birthday I think, but now I can have them buy the games while I get a cheaper PS3
Kammerjunk: i would
CCCP: it's becoming the new Madden
Anyone going to war before like 1400.
One of the things that made COD bad in the first place was the fan base :l The other thing of course, was the fact they bring one out every year.
Dat 37 gold bar feeling
otakon: Allow me to rephrase: Who brings a crossbow to a war and isn't Arnold Schwarzenegger?
otakon: i know what u mean
yearly releases of a shooter really doesnt work...
And after like...god knows when.
XAX: Halo MP players are worse in general
LIES
6plus the main game I want and can start out with, it's pretty dang cheap so yep
says the fan boy
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/174015
XAX: damn twitchy little kids foul mouth bastards
XAX: I agree completely, the fanbase is filled with utter retards
New CoD games aren't about war, it's about appealing to the general teenager.
Extra Creditz new video is "Harassment" and they really touch on Xbox Live badmouthing
6we can discuss payment tonight, I'm pretty sure this will work out
Unlike The MLP: FIP Fanbase :D
flutter_spin: I should watch it
WTF?!?!?!?http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/174015
I think mine has a 80GB hard drive for what that's worth
OK
05finally it goes well
pavarkian: lol, not all of them are, but there are a few
6oh that's plenty fine
ah
fip? lol fim*
true
otakon: I don't own any "current gen" consoles. I am safe from IQ-draining 12 year olds. Huzzah!
I can prolly go home this weekend and get it, since nobody else uses it LOL
6I wouldn't need one of those ridiculously big ones
6kk
I still can't convince my sisters to stop using the DVD playert
-t
hmm
even though we have an HDTV
so whatever XD
And final question.....what was your views on the show My Little Pony before you became a brony, and when did you become a brony?
6yeah no rush to send it, I want it before summer but I wont be able to play much until then due to final projects
(talking about Friendship is Magic)
well, I dunno how much longer this guy is going to have the first-gen one for sale so the sooner the better LOL (though obviously I can just buy that one first)
00,10so this is a twist on the zombie map
I take back my previous statement. I DO own CSS. that has enough little kids on it to make one rip thy hair out :l
Season 2 Episode 4 went live, but I started watching from the first episode onward
TheRainbowDash: Nothing at all. I wasn't even one of the "neutrals" on the pony threads, I just scrolled past it.
Nothing really. I just kinda wandered in to it.
I liked it, but I hadnt seen it... and I became a brony truly, when I came upon bronystate >_>
TheRainbowDash: Yu-Gi-Oh: meh. And around July.
6no I mean, I'll pay you tonight
Pretty much the same as everyone else, no? "MLP? Seriously? That's for little girls!" But the more good things I heard about it, the more intrigued I got, and figured, eh what the hell.
oh
cool
6you don't need to send it immediately if you don't want
well it's at my house
and I'm here LOL
6well then
Anything that has me engaged, where the lines of mere educational or entertainment ends, has my attention
6send it :'D
But ideally like, Monday
6thats fine
is when I could send it
well i watched all the episodes
CountDoofus i just watched hotdiggedydemons .mov and i became intrigued
TheRainbowDash: lol, I didn't really have an opinion on the show or the people that watched it, became one in September
I didn't really give it much thought, but I figured I might like it if I tried it. And it was in like...November of last year. Just before Sisterhooves Social, I think.
I gotta talk to my mom about coming home, but I haven't gone home since Easter so she won't care
god, the only bad thing about having a Friday night radio show]
is I can't leave before like 10
:/
I jumped straight in.
but didnt know bout bonys
When Fluttershy didn't make the jump in "Dragonshy", I actually jumped out of my seat to try and catch her saying "NO!!"
TheRainbowDash: I try to have a neutral opinion on EVERYTHING before I try it myself, so before I watched the show, and someone told me about bronies, I just thought "Meh they can do what they want :l"
...yeah... that kind of show
I was introduced to it by one of my friends...
Is love in bloom?
damn equestria10 does not work anymore for welovefine
until a couple of vids pointed it to me
Odd thing is, I've never seen anything MLP related until I started watching it. Suddenly after that, I can't find anything that ISN'T related somehow.
^
My first encounter was hearing of The Stare.
true
I probably never would've watched MLP if I hadn't been friends with certain people
lol
Actually thats not 100% true 4 me
Oddly enough, it was about the same time I saw the Teens React video.
CountDoofus: My family got a new TV once. We then noticed just how many TVs were shown on TV.
I said "eh, I'm not doing anything else"
SWEET SC2!
eh, as in Canadian? :P
I converted my friend, and he found bronystate and showed me it
hmm
eh as in "uneven scale hand animation"
TV-ception?
2well, atleast it's not a midnight show
I first heard of it when i was on a website and every one had pony avatars and i thought it looked really stupid.
or the famous "two hands upside in the air"
THAT MAY GET TWI AND AJ FANS UPSET DON'T WATCH IF U ARE http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173990
It's my own fault I',m brony
they don't have them that late
I heard sandviches song
SCREW ROTMG IM WATCHING THIS
2ah
I think the latest ends at 11
I wanted to know the original
I took the 7-9 slot
My face: Dear god.
It wasn't even the enormous fanbase, nor what it produced or the rate it did such, that dragged me into the show. It was chance, really.
there was like a 10-11 and from 6-10 was open
Kammerjunk: tell u moar
so I was a total jerk and took the middle so anybody else who wanted a 2 hour show is SOL :D
/me runs
nah that's not hwy
us*
*why
hilarious :http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173990
ZOMBIE KILLING TIEM! *grabs his shotgun and chainsaw*
CCCP: u wot m8
CCCP: and yet here you are, lol no regrets
What dragged me into the show was some rand on my steam friends list :l
2XD
I just figure 7PM is a good starting time, so I can eat dinner first
as bah no food or drink allowed in the booth
i started with the dark version
magic mov
Kammerjunk: wut?
http://i.imgur.com/5pAI9.jpg
27PM is a pretty good time
CCCP: No idea.
27PM*
MahBoi777: :$
and the others
...ow my eyes
I was a fanfiction writer of a certain animated movie at the time (Rio), and one of the other authors brought it up in the community forum. That's where I learned of MLP FiM
:D
277 PM*
o Hai EveryPony
hey Shane377
Kipkat07_Mare: I lol'd
oh hi guys
hi shane
Elloh Shane377
http://i.imgur.com/vfRBn.jpg
oh hai ponies just coming into chat
hi thisguy
hiya Shane377 hello thisguy
hey kirzstryfe... wanna kill some zombies?
who is streaming?
lol pablez94 its that last frame that makes it great
who iz streaming the streamz?
2odd
And I found Bronystate thanks to a video of chat reactions to Derpy talking
What's the meme called?
2my script was removing the 7 LOL
probably a broken color script
Kipkat07_Mare: False. I need your clothes, your boots and your motorcycle.
Kipkat07_Mare: lolwut
Scientist guy meme? Or whatever
i got 2 go again yall
Science: Sometimes fun and killing your childhood
CountDoofus: Thats how I found it that way too
cya Magic
I found BronyState from "Ballad of a Brony"
Anyway, I'm going on a 3 day camp for duke of endinburgh. I'll see you ponies on Sunday :) Later all!
we gana watch a mvie anytime soon?
do you have the 0 in front of the 2?
hey guys wanna here a joke about Sodium?
movie*
later, XAX :)
it needs to be two digits to function properly
Tata XAX
thisguy: Yeah, on Friday.
2let me see
nananannana?
bye XAX *hugs*
2nope
Bai XAX
Shane377: yes
2I'll fix that
that's why
whos streaming?
put a 0 there
:P
2derp
bye XAX
Have fun with that, XAX.
MahBoi777 Na
Shane377: Na
Now I need to figure out if I should throw up my fanfic in raw form and see if anyone wants to see... or wait until I actually edited some more in rough draft form
Apparently I have to do a 40km walk :l
deadeagle: Guessing it's Wrek
awwwww
CCCP: Batman?
Kammerjunk: Im 14, own nothing except a computer, and dont wear boots
02okay, fixed
Kipkat07_Mare: goddammit
hmm
Kammerjunk: wut? lol
Kammerjunk: PWNED
CCCP: Na na na na na na na na BATMAN!
mhmm
Kammerjunk are u hight?
high*
I am a height
02I'll test it now
027
i am space
I am a stegosaurus
02k
me too
Nah na na na, nah na na na, hey hey hey, GOODBYE!!!!
best kind of high
Kipkat07_Mare: It's ALL there, BLACK AND WHITE, clear as CRYSTAL! You STOLE Fizzy Lifting Drinks! You bumped into the ceiling, which now has to be WASHED and STERILISED, so you get NOTHING! YOU LOSE! GOOD DAY, SIR!
for those that don't know ita replace "mi scusi" with "i'm sorry" and "signore" with "mr." mi amore cadenza has definetly an italian origin... that's why this image: http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173965
hay
I am legion
hay
hay lady
Im a batman!
I said good day!
Kammerjunk: whatthefuckingfuck?
dat Willy Wonka
space
I am legion, I am many?
who wants to see a picture of ladycanary's oc?
Why not?
Derpy_at_work: sure
Kipkat07_Mare: Gene Wilder, man.
indeed
/me fails at drawing ponies.
Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka was boss
whats your favorite thing about space?
Kammerjunk: Oh.
lol
CountDoofus: I concur.
thisguy: space core
space
thisguy: Mine is SPACE"
http://i164.photobucket.com/albums/u7/Phantomdarklover/30minutechallenge.png
!*
Well, Fallout time!! BAIIIIIIIIIIIII
O.O
BAI
toodles Kipkat07_Mare
whee trying Sonic 4 Ep 2 :P
bye MahBoi777
bye!!!!!!!!! <3
LOLbootlegs
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
CCCP: lol I'm not leavin
nope
actual beta
AAAAAAAAAAAA
BAi Kipkat07_Mare blow those Deathclaws heads off
AAAAAAAAAA
A
that's what I mean
Derpy_at_work: thats awesome
beta 6, right?
ce
Heh.... Retarded Policeman...
oh lol MahBoi777
beta 8 actually
i NEED an OP badly
oh
still, LOLbetas
hmm
OC
OC?
*
OmegaMetroidBrony: I shit myself at deathclaws. Im fucking terrifies
oh lol
Where your eyes don't go, a filthy scarecrow waves its broomstick arms and does a parody of each unconscious thing you do.
lol i got kicked
though I'm trying some Windows betas since they have different (and sometimes better(!)) wallpapers and sample pictures than the final ones :P
i got kicked XD
I didnt
yet
AMR Kipkat07_Mare best Anti-Deathclaw weapon
02It doesn’t make since to give a game a beta xD
sure it does
CCCP: LOL kick and yours needs a saddlebag with vodka
Kipkat07_Mare: Which Fallout? Because New Vegas Deathclaws makes Fallout 3 Deathclaws seem like Molerats.
02Sense*
mhmm
dad are you space?
Kipkat07_Mare: :3
I am space
Kammerjunk: NV
thisguy: Yes. Now we are a family again.
Cazadors > Deathclaws
thisguy: yes son i am space
Kipkat07_Mare: Good luck with that, then.
SPAAAACE!
Getting bored of space.
spsae
*space
home
spacecops
CountDoofus: get out of my mind!!! i literally just said that out loud then it pops up
home home wana go home
MahBoi777 Lonesome Road Deathclaws > Level 50 Courier in Enclave Armor with and AMR
Ingwaz: :D
OmegaMetroidBrony: those deathclaws are a pain in the ass
02well, sometimes. But I think it's better to just test it in a small group
earth sun moon home
HAHHAHAHAHAAH
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173907
Especially Rawr
dude it's not a public beat
*beta
it was leaked
Time for some zombie slaughtering. /goes idle
02oh
LOL I liked Rawr
Rawr requires at least Esther to kill
http://derpy.me/GxweI
CCCP: the crap is derpy wearing?
me
I scared Rawr with a flare gun and buried him
Ingwaz: idk lol
:D
02The game developers must have been really carful
We don't need eyes where we are going
Did you tear his hand off?
02:D
yea:D
yes, they definitely filled up a car
/me almost has the Fist of the North Rawr
02careful*
02:|
lol SOON
lol
lol?
02I'm not the only one who makes typos drf XD
I know, I was just being silly
Oh Hai All
you make fun of my typos, so I'm making fun of yours
soon....
hey
it got quiet
hey Jaketehsnake
ohai MahBoi777
does anyone know if bill clinton actually plays the sax?
02derp
hey xles!
cheese hoof guess who is? http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173873
Anypony want in on a VS game?
bill clinton does play the sax
ok
I wont doubt it
pavarkian: I would not be suprised if he did:D
...
d5rp
brb guys, gotta check something
of wut Jaketehsnake? KIU?
L4D2
I bloody love the animaniacs
Sketch_Toku_Brony, L4D2 Versus
ah i see
Sketch_Toku_Brony, We have 2 open spots
i dont have that sadly -.-
pablez94: lol cheese legs
just listen to yakko sings the countries 100 times, and youve got it down
oh, so thats what new bern is for...
omg one more brony image gone on da hub! http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173855
nice
Good afternoon everypony!! :)
good afternoon, RaveBrony.
http://derpy.me/KMzpN
heya RaveBrony
afternoon RaveBrony!
hi RaveBrony
/me waves to WallMaster, OmegaMetroidBrony, MahBoi777, and CCCP :)
what was that? ._.
hery RaveBrony
1,3lol
/me waves to pablez94 :P
:)
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173860
hey RaveBrony hows your day been
Slow chat today? lol
hmm
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173857
/me eats everybody
/me waves RaveBrony too
Hiya alexxm, its been pretty good ^_^ still in a bit of pain.. but it was an easy day :D
RaveBrony: lol it has gotten a bit slow yes
I'm bored as shit. Anyone wanna play Animal Crossing with me?
so is ponysquare acting up for anyone else
:o
EY everypony its ma birthday...15 years of chaos...
Happy 15th robotdragon7
hey cool
happy B-Day robotdragon7
robotdragon7: Happy Birthday!! :)
congrats :)
and hello
thanks
http://derpy.me/Eprst
Happy birthday
hi, happy birthday.
I had my 15th a couple months ago
Mine was in December
happy birthday robotdragon7 what did you get
Wrek|Observing: Permission to post a vid link??
or any mod
same here OmegaMetroidBrony
But yeah, now all you're gonna want is for that 15 to become 16
OMG
Somebody is playing rock music stupidly loud
this is obnoxious
so is ponysquare acting up for anyone else
CCCP: therapy is magic
I get to start a rock band with Cheerilie :3
and for that 15 to become 30
Be obnoxious back on your radio
*Cheerilee
Pirate Radio DRFCenter
;D
MahBoi777: xD
http://derpy.me/WGjhr
good afternoon :D
duck face
i start a rockband with spitfire
Hey there everypony.
hey Dken2021
LOL
now u know how it works go to work on it! http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173820
CCCP: Rofl!!! :D
After noon Dken2021
EY dken2021
as much as Crazy Train is a good song
I don't want to hear it right now
hey Dken2021 hows your day been
RaveBrony: ikr
LOL
hai BronyJenkins!!
Hiya Dken2021 :)
hey Dken2021
hi Dken2021
these computers don't even have speakers, the dude's using his phone
And Good lord that's TOO much Duckface
hi BronyJenkins
hry BronyJenkins hows your day been
all the ping <3
G'day BronyJenkins
:P
what kind? iFail?
One duck face is enough to kill
Alright, but filled with my English assessment. Only just finished.
/me hugs BronyJenkins just because
looks like Android
Oh
/me hugs back
:)
hey BronyJenkins
Gotta wub the random but constant wub in this chat :)
mhmm
im going to listen to "party with pinkie" by alex s. to celebrate
so much WUB
^
it's intense
Basically the assessment was to design a DVD cover and Poster for a made-up film. I'll post the links in a sec to the finished ones.
:O
mm
twilight werewolf/colt style: http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173810
DVD Cover: http://oi50.tinypic.com/30w5h0l.jpg
http://derpy.me/mQ6Nj
02Android or GTFO
Poster: http://i48.tinypic.com/2h3rcs5_th.png
WEBOS FTW
you in england BronyJenkins
ha. james cameron
Eeyup, alexxm
/me starts cleaning dishes with wubs
which part BronyJenkins
think about this! http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173789
i heard vespene gas...
02I don't know much about WEBOS
>_>
1,3you don't have enough gas Wrek :3
Wootton Bassett in Chippenham.
croydon
pyrocatboy: best way to clean dishes:D
I'm guessing Wrek is playing some starcraft?
02is it a Android UI?
no
MahBoi777: eeyup
02an*
Where you from, alexxm?
croydon BronyJenkins
I had to make my own advertisment campaign for Media Studies, ended up with http://i.imgur.com/UfuAJ.jpg
..
that is one creepy Twi-colt
Okey dokez.
:>
Dat made up movie
WebOS is a HP OS Linuxthing
for their tablet
I'd pay bits to see that
02oh
and some Palm phones apparently
Palmmade it
yeah
palm first
02well I could care less about HP tablets so LOL
be back laters, everypony. Ya'll have fun now!
im calling my mom right now.....
For our next media assignment, we have to make up a magazine and design it all. I think I'll do a MLP one.
seeya later Sylandest <3
that's da proof those eyes CAN STILL BE RED SHARE DA IMAGE AND DA NEW!!!! http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173760
Bye Sylandest :P
Just found out I CAN chat while playing. Huh.
I thot they were red :1
02They didn't use Android, which was their downfall I guess
you can get Android for it
reddy-purple-thing
and they're like $150 for a 32GB 10" screen
u just jelly
02ah
Y'know how when you use cameras you see red in people's eyes? maybe whoever took that put it in reverse?
But I'm not here.
OH GUYS. chuggaaconroy poasted his new LP right now!
05way to go lolol
So much conflict over Vinyl's eyes :D
05you cost us the game
o_o
I just accept it...
Dken2021: blows mahmind, but that seems legit
02and HML, I didn't say I didn't know about web OS, I said I did not know much about it >.>
my mom says hi everypony
fucking cool spit fire art http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173733
/me is ashamed of himself...
1,3Wrek, did he really?
why RaveBrony
alexxm: What Wrek said :D
?
I took it as him talking to me, lol
...
epic hasbro non sense...http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173703
What is this game anyway? O_o
whens your birthday OmegaMetroidBrony
ummmm, I forgot
02but w/e
pablez94: Lol! I noticed that as soon as it was shown :D
It was a 'lolwut' moment
wow chuggaa uploaded O_O
Geez, look how many times that RaveBrony guy has talked >.> somepony should Really tell him to shut up! God :[ rofl
pablez94: LOL
im going to watch a couple pony episodes before my grandma and i eat out
NOW ACT LIKE THAT'S TRUE! http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173698
oh chug's doing super paper mario I see
RaveBrony: GAH STOP DISTRACTING:D
Lol!!
the internet is really annoying today
is ponysquare working for anyone else
Why so?
in terms of connectivity or or just annoying?
Lol
Ill check
Back. ^_^
Hay!
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173625
wb BronyJenkins
not connectivity, I just seem to be popping into site or rooms right when people are talking about things I highly disagree with
welcome back
hey Blue_Leaf
hey Blue_Leaf hows your day been
Thanks. :3
well im off to watch a couple of episodes see you guys.
Preetty good, despite yesterday! :)
Ah....
cya robotdragon7
what ahppend
*happened
good to hear Blue_Leaf
alexxm: Uhh... i dont remember my log in apparently :D
Afk, chekin DA .
hmm
Oh hey Blue_Leaf :$
fucking. sexy. http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173614
RaveBrony i get the too many connections message
meh, 6/10
huh... O_o
guys, I have a dilemma
Fun Fact: We dissected a cat in school today
oh myyyyyy
pablez94 your lucky that was humanized
Back~
Should i get SMT: Persona 3 FES off of PSN? it's 10 bucks
something the matter otakon?
this is true
what's wrong otakon?
Meh, im not a fan of humanized ponies, but thats not bad actually :)
what CCCP
alexxm: if not what should happened?
Heya otakon, whats going on?
eh, nothing is wrong I'm just wondering if I should get Persona 3 FES for 10 bucks off of PSN
*sniff* not bad indeed
1,3CCCP: live or dead?
lol dead
I've got a fair bit of PSN cash atm just going to waste
:o
not sure, never played any persona games
It was really sad
i just feel odd about pony r34 cause you know they are horses pablez94
idk why any one would want to
me neither
nuuuuu
Mineralz looks different then i remember
I can still smell the fucking formaldehyde
Also, Fluttershy in a style reminescent of Tetsuya Nomura
Oh. It's getting late. I'll be back in the middle of the night. G'Night for now.
night BronyJenkins sleep well
night BronyJenkins
cya BronyJenkins
g'night BronyJenkins
gnight BronyJenkins
Later BronyJenkins
08,01ni ni BronyJenkins
so, NO advice on if I should get P3 FES?
Night BronyJenkins don't let NMM or Molestia bite
08,01hey otakon! <3
alexxm: we even know that's it's IMPOSSIBLE to get into equestria but we still try to go into it
08,01i'm being all diligent and Getting Shit Done
08,01(for one)
oh hey otakon. P3 was good, but it was very emo. Yes, FES is a good version
08,01*once
hmm
flutter_spin: it's THE version to get, and 10 for a direct download is WAY cheaper then a used copy is
lol
btw please borrow me a bit of grammar, alexxm
otakon.... whichever version that allows you to be a girl. I always wanted to try that version
flutter_spin: PSP
so RaveBrony any updates on if ponysquares working RaveBrony
flutter_spin: well, you can play as [SPOILER] in The Answer
sorry for double ping
sorry pablez94
alexxm: Its fine, it only pings once :) and uhh...i dont remember my log on :D
oh, as spoiler, cool
alexxm: ?
Well I never really finished P3. I never got around to it. $10 is $10, but it would be hard for me to return to the game.
Just for the record, http://derpy.me/Wn0mA eye colour is quite close to red
pavarkian, yes, Bill Clinton played sax in middle school band and famously played it on the Arsenio Hall late-night talk/comedy show in 1992.
celestia is awesome
/me just realised chat was scrolled up.
yea i get this message when i try to log in RaveBrony Cannot connect to the database: Too many connections
flutter_spin: well, I already have P4(got it on sale brand new for 8 bucks! what a DEAL!)
best ideal monarchy character
thank you hasbro for forcing her into the show
mmk ehm
alexxm: Maybe its under attack :(
leading good writers to work hard to make an illogical character type work :)
flutter_spin: I had P3 for awhile, then I traded it in when money was tight. Was hoping to get it again.
give it time....
:\
NUUUUUUUU!!
/me flips over table
pavarkian: Also, Nathan Rugger, voice of Skippy Squirrel and Baby Plucky, was the one to suggest adding that lyric to the theme song.
yeah, its hard for me to decide. I just borrow from my cousins
i know just checking if anyone else got that RaveBrony
hmm ehm
Digit|Skyrim: dat chabudai gaeshi.
wait what?
i don't get it till i watched with attention AJ's facial expression.. so watch out! http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173542
sup everypony!
hey Prick hows your day been
fun fact: Skrillex is a /b/tard
flipping the tea table..
hi prick
hi Prick!
just great i just woke up!
orly CCCP
did you se my comment
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173534
pavarkian: yes
...I dont get it
does he still not know that mac isnt an instrument?
Prick: why is your nam prick?
name*
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173526 <3 lol
its a funny name...and people that i helped, also called me Prick
Is mayonnaise an instrument?
HJello :D
/me hugs Prick
pablez94: Ewww shippingggg
hi Resonantwaves
:D
/me hugs the giant Prick
wb Luna
ugh, shipping...
Hjello Resonantwaves :D
omg i didn't notice it! http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173530
aww thx
Thanks
mhmm
Oh hey there Resonantwaves, couldnt find your 'hello' :D
1,3lol
hahahaa
hey Resonatwaves hows your day been
Hello ;)
guys i'm going to bed in something like 20 minutes... prepare less images coming
pablez94: Daaaw!! THats cute :D
Hi :D
awww pablez94
Pretty boring
I sent a new song to EQD, and they said my song is "in Queue" does that mean. i'm in o.O?
no worries pablez94, I'll semi cover for ya
CCCP: hugs
*shrugs* I always thought inqueue for review
Dken2021: thanks i really apreciate it
/me nomz CCCP
So... a question about Cadence.... so...shes going to outlive Shining Armor?
Resonantwaves well I suppose
oops sorry habit
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173514
hello Im back
As in "we will look into it, but not yet"
kk :)
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173513
hey iammrcrap hows your day been
yeah RaveBrony
12bbl foods
^
alexxm good, we're taking SATS this week so I get off school early
But Celestia is in Granny Smith's filly flashback :o
dunno why but i really like this pic:http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173498
So?
Well, it COULD be they live a long time
they never said it though
hope it goes well for you iammrcrap
Celestia is older than Granny Smith
so, how is it that celestia and luna have lived for thousands of years?
Celestia must use ALOT of beauty products :D
Or at the very least... elf-like
omfg crashing message!
1,3being an alicorn could be a genetic mutation, like albinoism
sorry
mhmm
Not much activity in here tonight?
lol
dunno why but i like this pic : http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173498
sometimes I hate when fanon tries to be canon, really confusing
not really
Then again, Faust was surprised they made Cadance as an alicorn
was dead most of yesterday too
thats nice Dken2021
Hmmmm...
/me pies everypony in here
Havea pie
/me noms pie
/me hugs pablez94
flutter_spin: Really? :o
One, two, three o'clock, four o'clock, rock
They probably made her an alicorn to go with the action, at times she needs to fly and at times she needs to use magic.
yeah, I can pull up the link here in a moment
Faust ws dissapoint or just surprised?
*was
both?
alexxm: is that a love declaration? after all those licks...
^
dissaprised
:d
no sorry pablez94
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173209
alexxm: damn it...:'(
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-PORFsMWVztY/Tzi_IL8oneI/AAAAAAAAevk/oRHyslbrYxg/s1600/1.jpg
alexxm: LOL
/me hugs pablez94 sorry
well... both ponysquare and ibrony are down. tis a sad day indeed
Mother of Celestia! human ponies everyday
but something good came out of it ^^
/me hugs back alexxm don't worry about da boner" hahahhahahaah
well whatever, I suppose you don't HAVE to listen to fanon
I dont.
Don't make me post that saucy human AJ pic :P
flutter_spin: Oh Shiz!
good to know it isn't just me then Digit|Skyrin
I just found out that about 30 people in my school are bronies.
i guess i haven't got to post no more image i can see there are 2 good ponies working for me...
Lauren Faust wont be working at all on Season 3??????? :o
I just converted someone today :D
CCCP: who said that?
good to hear Digit|Skyrim
still worried? I think Studio B already showed you how they can handle it
1,3those are some big zerglings Wrek
pablez94: well she said she stoped working on the show a while ago
Digit|Skyrim to what religion??
I sat down on a random table and saw them all chatting about the show
not..that..
oh
d'oh!
CCCP: Yeah, i guess :\
big zerglings
awww :(
CCCP: where when and how u heard she saying like this!
hmm. I just spent 5 hours writing up the last bit of that fanfic, but there isn't any sentence structure at all.
I can smell smoke for some reason
I wonder if I should post it anyway before editing
pablez94: http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-PORFsMWVztY/Tzi_IL8oneI/AAAAAAAAevk/oRHyslbrYxg/s1600/1.jpg
whats it about flutter_spin
Entering Equestria. Defeating a Villian (Discord maybe :P), and then discovering yourself
Ohai Bronystate
ohai
who is Chen.
allo GabeMoist
Resonantwaves, flutter_spin, "queue" means "a waiting line", like in front of a ticket window. The word is used in Europe and in computer programming.
13My favourite Touhou character, that's who :P
/me eats GabeMoist's face
is she a fairy?
hey GabeMoist hows your day been
G'day GabeMoist! :)
/me never had a face
darnit im stuck in dead money again, whys this dlc got to be so annoying
CCCP: she said she was not working on that episode. not said she has retired.
:o
/me nomz on arm then
ikr kenne
The fanfic is really from my personal dream, but in my dream... there wasn't any conflict. I missed that portion of my dream
CCCP: no more working on that episode.
pavarkian: have you beat it?
yeah
So I had to make up conflict, which ended up being pretty cool
AWWWWWWWWW SOOO CUTE! http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173412
but im in it again
I thot she was only supposed to be the consulting director (or whatever) for Season 2 and that would be it O.o
any relation to Hong Meiling?
My cat just did a bodyslam UP the stairs
pablez94: oh ok
13None at all :P
She said she didnt want to really work on it since she didnt have as much freedom as she did in Season 1 :\
pavarkian: maybe you can help me, remember how you go down the elevator to the vault and theres these chambers that you have to navigate that look like maitenence tunnels?
yeah
00,03kenne: In Fallout?
Why is Cadance head .... super huge?
RaveBrony: who?
pavarkian: well im in like the third chamber and this hallway leads to two doors that are guarded by energy fields that i dont know how to get passed, do you remmeber how?
RAWRity: Faust :o
THT'S EVEN CUTER http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173392
not really, sorry kenne
Oh, and Pat from Best Friends Play is a brony.
Scoot-Scootaloo: yeah
I FUCKING HATEEEE formaldehyde
hmmm :/
RaveBrony: had fewer freedomws with what?
*freedoms
The show, lol
My router is dying. I should reset it brb.
in season 2 :P
I'M SAYING THIS: ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173377
Litwick is he the whining one?
gosh darnit theyon where to go dont even clue you
Guys, i am bored atm I'm afraid.
RaveBrony: if anything, Season 2 had fewer restrictions.
that fucking smell make me want to club a seal
makes*
CCCP: go take a shower and change your clothes it's THAT EASY
they dont even clue you on where to go*
Dken2021: You mean the one who sounds like the Rage Quit guy?
That doesn't soound pleasant
RAWRity: I read about it somewhere....i dont remember, but yeah, i guess youre right :D
kenne: you try out the Dragon's Dogma demo yet?
they were no longer under the "Educational Television" mark, and they had hasbro's trust with it.
http://ponybot.net/pix/2972.jpg
What is this!?
02Agnel foooooood :3
otakon: nope but imma try to when i get the chance
Litwick the other one, that sounds like a casual player
02Angel*
otakon: already did formaldehyde sucks too much to go away
kenne: odl
As far as Lauren Faust leaving as executive producer, it was because she couldn't handle the workload of running the show full time, and she was burning out.
CCCP: SCRUB HARDER
13Cheeeesecake :3
Yeah him.
brony_158: Oh jesus :D
brony_158: :D
bring me cider and women
I can still smell formaldehyde from 5th grade
not joking
RAWRity: I thiought it was because she wanted to make her own shows like Galaxy Girls and that one Princess thing.
>> x=A\b Warning: Matrix is singular to working precision. x = NaN NaN NaN 0.5000
^ I LOL'd
it just gave up'
THAT'S WHY LUNA HAS BEEN BANNED ON DA MOON http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173332
it's supposed to be "infinitely many solutions" and Matlab was just like NO U and gave me "NaN"
Hi im a new pegasister
hi KaitoThePony!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me hugs KaitoThePony
brb
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173332
heh
otakon: I'm sure that's part of it, but she's said several times in interviews that she was burning out, and had to cut down her workload for sanity's sake.
hi KaitoThePony.
<3 thankies
KaitoThePony: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix7vrluEm4E
heeelllooooooo people
RAWRity: I'm surprised ponies wore her out that much
hey KaitoThePony hows your day been
also...http://ponybot.net/pix/2903.jpg
hiya Joker1993
what game we playing today?
allo Joker1993
It's some StarCraft ripoof
hi Joker1993
hey Joker1993 hows your day been
ahh
xD
thought i recognised it a bit
anyway brb, going back to my dorm
pretty cold
CHANGELINGS!
5 clecius all morning
I just got hooked on MLP and i never knew it was so good
it all makes sense!
otakon: running a show is hard enough. Running a show with HALF the time usually allowed? Good god.
Joker1993: oh, that's only just above freezing. Wear a scarf
MLP is a strong drug
Sooo many jokes/realizations/things to think about with those changelings :D
im used to 30+
ausfag in qld here
Joker1993: where you live?
:o
Joker1993: um, english please
my bad
/me gives RaveBrony a duck
/me has never seen Joker1993 in the chat before :o Hiya!
just got off /mlp/
ah I see
sup rave :D
:D
no stream?
Joker1993: ah, well welcome to bronystate
Roflbot: Refresh :P
Roflbot: refresh
^
YES STARCRAFT
I find less trolls on /b/ than /mlp/
Roflbot: um, not really
aww
Roflbot: ripoff of it
he's not even playing Dota
i specifically stay in two thread
threads*
CCCP: there's your problem: 4chan
/me is getting poutine for diner
/me does not go on 4chan :$
never any others
05fuck it
PinkiePry: isn't that the wafer cookies?
RAWRity: i like 4chan though
OMFG
NEVER EXPECTED THIS
STARCRAFT
/me does not go to 4chan either
im addicted to it
HELL YEAH
the anon in equestria thread mainly
do starcraft wrek
err Dota
lol
PwNIES: it's not, calm down with the caps lock
Oh
i use d to have this game but for some reason it deleted D:
whats that PinkiePry sorry i've never heard of it
oh dammit it is
/me facepalms
I could have sworn it was some Starcraft knock off
Joker1993: and thouse 2 threads are?
silly me
Huh
Did I get kicked out?
/me is getting poutine for dinner tonight :)
PwNIES: too many messages too fast
PwNIES bot kicked you
Oops sorry ^^'
the AiE (anon in equestria) thread and the tulpa thread
PwNIES: Wrek|Observing has it set to 5 in 10 seconds, so watch it
So what server is he playing at?
oh cool
PwNIES: Euro
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173287
Dang
hi everypony :)
Wish I could 1v1 him :(
1,3Wrek, you've gone down 2 ranks since you started playing mineralz :p
hows your day PinkiePry and would you mind tellin gme what poutine is
=/ silver
didnt expect that
05up
05not down
so how do i get the ping thingy with peoples names? is it like private messaging or something?
I am a bronze player with a masters rank :I
1,3weren't you at 91 earlier?
Pretty bucked up
uhhh...hi?
:o
lag galore =/
pablez94 uh... how?
Hello rdibp!
Hiya rdibp!
minerals is not enough
hi rdibp.
hey rdibp hows your day been
lali-ho rdibp
Wrek wanna play Starcraft Dota with me?
Dken2021: one each... we're a lot u know?
days been going good
My freind told me to watch 3 episodes of MLP i watched about 10 and stayed up till midnight yesterday
Joker1993: just type their nick, use the [tab] button to autocomplete the nick after a few letters are entered
Yay twilight XD
KaitoThePony: yikes man
I think we dont have enough minerals
otakon: Thanks for that, ive been wondering for quite a while
omg lagging
rdibp: needs more pylons
Can't see the match
new since yesterday
PwNIES: refresh the stream
too much blush
rdibp: not enough space
but anyway people, im off, was just here to see what wreks playin
No it's just I am runnng starcraft 2 and watching another starcraft 2 video :I
bye Joker1993 come again!
ill drop back in after i finish readint a few fics maybe
cya Joker1993
:D
brb guys, need a drink
laters Joker1993
get ur cyber fast
He's forgetting to scout at 9 and constant probe production D:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wSWZndOFmcs&feature=related i love this song
the right one is da best cannt think differently!http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/174125
thisguy: No vid links during stream
i have no idea what that means PwNIES
1,3thisguy, no video links during a stream please
sorry
kirzstryfe: ;)
lol
When will somepony else stream?
1,3later
So guys
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/169882 well this is neat
Wanna talk about the finale?
02*WB03(Ray03)02WB* - <Ray> 02I'm a walking CDC nightmare, It makes me want to hug someone
Has anypony seen rainbow dash in death battle?
i DO!
Me!
Ofcourse pony wins :D
which country should we take over first
00,03Hmm, new Scootaloo fanfic...
http://ponybot.net/pix/2964.png
I don't like outrageous facfics :I
hello (again) everypony, here's your favorite #Enigma
That made her my favorite
Litwick: That's rude.
no micro?
lali-ho Dark92Enigma
Long-ish link warning
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-CgBWI69U01Y/T5mjHmA0rkI/AAAAAAAAniw/RE1hwClwLZA/s1600/173912+-+corrected+couch+glasses+luna+Nightmare_Moon+pony_love+psychologist+sitting_up+twilight_sparkle.jpg
I'm just asking. It's not like I'm INSULTING Wrek.
hey Dark92Enigma what you been up to
The battle scene was EPIC
Litwick: No, It's rude.
A
brb
o well i arrived at page 100 of ponibboru and now i'm pretty tired think i'm going to bed who doesn't want me to leave stops me.
dude scout
well if Wrek wants to play 3v3 Very Hard Comps... I'm there
:l
Hiya everypony!
Hello
Hey Biglaw
Hey Biglaw :)
hi Biglaw.
Mr-Dismo: its not rude, all he asked was when would someone else stream. if he doesnt feel like watching a game that wrek is playing, its a legitimate question
lali-ho Biglaw
hey Biglaw hows your day been
alexxm just got out of my self imposed-exile (not really, i was asleep and i needed some sleep) LOL how you've been
starcraft..... i haven't played that game in ages
good Dark92Enigma
oh nighty night pablez94, take care
I wonder how is this match gonna turn out :D
cya pablez94
well, Starcraft 2 has only been out here recently
ok perfect seen that no one stops me... i'll go to bed! see ya tomorrow guys it's almost midnight here...
heheh
Recently
In just 2-3 years
bye bye
cya pablez94
Ingwaz: That IS rude, How do you think someone feels when they hear that, Grow up. He can pause the stream and go watch other stuff. No excuse. It's plain rude.
idk y sum people dont like 4chan http://derpy.me/VPxbi
:I
omg
bye pablez94
that was an easy win
Days been good
CCCP lol
alexxm what were we talking about? OH yeah, what if HBK Shawn Michaels would've been a pony.....
:)
PrincessDismo: it would have been rude had he worded it rudely, he only asked when someone else would be streaming
lol
/me licks alexxm at least as much as he can in da 8 hours he satyed online
/me hugs Dken2021
its not different then asking when a different show would be on
/me hugs back
STOP TALKING WE CAN HEAR YOU FROM THE SHADOWS!
So what should I draw everypony?
Hey everypony!
Biglaw: Gummy
hello Calcos323, Ingwaz, Biglaw, Dken2021
PrincessDismo: and telling me to grow up when i have done nothing to attack you, insult you, belittle you or anything of that sort is rude
hey Calcos323 hows your day been
otakon okie dokie lokie
You should really scout dude
the chat failed......yet again.
Biglaw ever had a crack at a final fantasy character? specifically cecil harvey?
LOVE YA ALL BRONIES. cu 2morrow.
Biglaw: Pirate Queen Celestia!
:)
alexxm: Very good, just got mah paycheck
ohai otakon
Biglaw: Pit from Kid Icarus as a pony
alexxm you're still there
yea Dark92Enigma
I am drawing gummy :)
Ingwaz: And it's rude. Nomatter HOW it's put it's rude, He does NOT need to say that at all. Wrek is streaming and whe he's done he's done, You don't need to ask that. Nobody is forcing him to stream.
alexxm we were talikng about HBK being a pony
yea Dark92Enigma
Anyone here doesn't play starcraft?
hbk?
PrincessDismo: there is nothing wrong with just asking when to expect someone else to stream, he didnt even say that he didnt like wrek's stream. you're just jumping to conclusions without knowing his reasoning
I don't play Starcraft. I suck at it
i don't PwNIES
I dont play starcraft.
/me doesn't play StarCraft
/me has never played starcraft >.>
ic
lol
My bro and I played Starcraft 2 for a good 6 months
Dken2021 SHort for Heart Break Kid
PwNIES: I don't
shawn micheals Dken2021
We got really good, but we both hated pvp
lol that drop
wait
PYLONS
fail drop?
oh the wrestler..
Was it a drop?
I downloaded a pack of pony socks but ITS NOT A CHALLEN GE when everyone uses mono :s
songs
Ingwaz: He made a link, Someone told him not to, then he asked. That's what I seen, I'm walking away now, If it were SuperBrony64 streaming and he had linked and asked that I would be making a huge scene unless I were banned. So let's count our blessings and agree to disagree.
SONGS not socks
alexxm OK we got the hat, we got the front legwarmers, do we need pants?
Although
dude scout with 1 or 2 probes
pwnies: probably i dont really think they can get there otherwise
Downloading pony socks wouldn't be too bad
probable Dark92Enigma
He probably on 4 base now
with tanks
I think he is working his fingers off trying to keep up with the expansion
research blink -.-
continue ur upgrades
blink stalkers
build a mothership! :P
:I
I highly recommended getting some robo units
Good evening fillies and gentlecolts.
Evening ScootaChicken
good against marauders
lali-ho ScootaChicken
good evening, ScootaChicken.
pony starcrafts 6_9
Uh...is there a stream?
I have an announcement to make.
Spam your nades!! Or....whatever :D
hey ScootaChicken what you been up to
Fluttershy is worst pony.
o_o
/me runs.
get owned
OK alexxm what color? Cause if it's DX, then the legwarmers would be green, the pants would be black with the green DX symbol.....what would be his regular outfit color?
yeah, this isn't going to go well
/me shrugs
O U
Oh hai Ridley
opinion!
Hmm...All Im getting is the buffer symbol
i like fluttershy :(
alexxm: Not much, mostly just browsing through guitars and whatnot
oh there we go
red Dark92Enigma
Wrek wanna play Dota with me in Sc2?
11.•10«11WB10 (Drake10) 11WB10»11•. 10- As long as you clean up after him then sure
lol
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
05as i said before PwNIES: im worse that a 1 armed 10 year old
red and black Dark92Enigma
Wrek, you up for 3v3comp?
what happened
I didn't see
05marauder ball
Pushed by rauder rine or with tanks?
must be new at this game
05simply outnumbered
1,3mmmball sucks
lol
YOu know
oh nvm
Wrek|Observing: how about a legless 3rd grader?
Wrek|Observing: play Zerg
gateway units are terrible against rauders
I'll join in if you game for comp attack
alexxm Red it is then......Now, Pegasus, Earth Pony or Unicorn? I say HBK would be an Earth Pony
Why has Wrek inserted this new 5 message rule?
Yeah
flutter_spin: it's Euro
05and tried to get colossi
aw, really?
ScootaChicken: bc he's a prat
alexxm i'm sorry red and black
Meh
same Dark92Engima
You did pretty well though
and hi ScootaChicken
otakon: That makes sense.
I forgot about the region lock
Holding out on the first attack
/me hugs ScootaChicken "How are you today man?"
Gah I think I broke my favorites bar in Fimfiction
ScootaChicken: Cuz he does what he wants! :D
:P
Hey!
05any EU SC2 playahs out there?
otakon: I'm awwwright.
otakon I drew up gummy, just gotta post to dA
No
It keeps resetting my search settings
Wrek|Observing: bring up the video! someone is questioning your logic!
I am from SEA sadly
We could 2v2 :(
How many regions are there?
I want it to go back to only have unread chapters but it wont let me
Do you have that server?
Wrek|Observing: i don't own it, never like RTS's, I suck at them
05lemme ask a friend
OK alexxm all we need is: the song! Hit the music ....(aH...ah.....SHAWN!)
I don't own it because I'm not Korean enough.
Ooohhh shexy Swedish accent time?
I'm only half Chinese as it is ;__;
You should try lots of team games
After your good at them
well that sucks. I miss old Starcraft Battle.net
Go 1v1 again
Good night everyone. Thanks for the stream Wrek! :)
05sadly he isnt online
Oh btw on the finale I heard twilight said everone :I
05otherwise i might have had an US account to borrow
Night don't let NMM or Molestia bite RainbowCupcakeBath
Oh
I have a US
Wait
I think it was NA
Do you have an NA Server?
05typle in longer sentences PLEASE! :P
lol
/me is listening to Sky Sanctuary
Wrek|Observing: NEVER!
:o
05but yweh sadly a friend of mine wasnt online so no US account for me.
/me will forever be short and to the point.
:I
SHORT SENTENCES OR DEATH!
otakon: and forever kicked/
Do a 2v2 or 4v4
Would have been cool to play. I play a couple rounds of S2 each day
can I see your match histroy pls?
wait.........that came out wrong
ugh
oh nvm
glhf
So otakon, I guess you like short things, eh?
I predict a kick from a certain somepony
ScootaChicken: not as much as you do
/me kicks
Dken2021: not this time dammit
otakon: I don't even know what you're insinuating.
ScootaChicken: ofc you don't......there there.
hmm. Maybe I should go back to the fanfic. It is urking the back of my head.
/me pats ScootaChicken on the head
Dken2021 : This was for yesterday, Squarepants
Although I think Trixie likes short things, given that she's in a relationship with Meanwhile.
I'm awful...
:D
ScootaChicken: yeah, he is a short bugger
Pfff
ScootaChicken: yes, you are terrible.
Midgetwhile
my flank's square? hardly can tell, hmmm.....
otakon: I think there's a couple photos of us next to each other at the meet, it's quite funny how much I dwarf him.
Although he has his fabulous mustache so it's all good.
You're not awful D:
ScootaChicken: MeanDwarf? sounds about right
Dat EqD post
hiya SuperBrony64
Dat nekkid SB64
I still haven't gotten used to the sight of dari being back...
Ohai :3
/me glomps SuperBrony64
:>
O.O
LOL
Hai ^_^
OMFG DARI
dat Luna comic
/me hugs ScootaChicken
Ohai
Cello SuperBrony64
See what I mean?
I still haven't gotten used to it.
Dat SuperBrony64 :o
Cello LunaTheBeloved ^_^
:3
Heya SuperBrony64!
hey price-dari hows your day been
I liek poniez :3c
THIS ROOM IS SO ACTIVE
Hai Biglaw :>
SOOOOOOOOOOO ACTIVE
SuperBrony64 what happened to you color :s?
No Wai!
SuperBrony64: Ya dont say
hiya LunaTheBeloved
MOOOOOOOOOO
Pretty good thanks alexxm, you?
SuperBrony64 your text isn't blue!
is wrek using hotkeys?
Cobellanez: I'm on my phone :3
Cello otakon
SuperBrony64 likes being nekkid too O_o
Just saw this site on youtube when do they air episodes?
he's naked Cobellanez
But but but
and a kick for me...
in
His COLOR
^
I DID MAH HOMEWORK :D
32
SuperBrony64 thought he'd mingle with us regulars. Like a SPY.
*3
Hello everypony.
2
"A man must stand on a hill top with his mouth open for a very long time before a duck flies in"
1
Anyone here a starcraft master?
meh
Heh
Hey Zappy :P
hiya Zappy you not a unicorn today?
lawl
http://derpy.me/b8LA4
I'm a pony master ^_^
Not i i play custom games :D!
No kick for you!
Oh hai apy
hey Zappy hows your day been
A starcraft master?
* oh hai appy
maybe
if
I
talk
/me fails at everything now :(
like
12back
There are three skill levels to this
this
. . .
no kick?
Normal,Pro, and Korean
Nope/
you aint trying
/me pats OmegaMetroidBrony on the head
/me hugs OmegaMetroidBrony don't worry about it
Maybe the kickbots aren't active during the week?
I guess none of the ones with kick scripts are in the channel
03wb
1
2
3
i liek cows
4
5
6
No, dari's here.
:3
7
Here is a question i have... can a pegasis have a horn? because fluttershy and rainbowdash are and they dont have a horn
huh
/me hugs OmegaMetroidBrony
He was the original kickbot.
Hm
O.O
lol
oh right, forgot the kickbots here are fine tuned unlike the main room
/me all dat wub.
Very odd......
Korean !?
It doesn't run on this channel
ahhahahahah
OmegaMetroidBrony, you're MAH friend and liek you don't fail at anything ^_^
And I think all the mods are outfitted with shiny new kickbots.
That's right
That explains i-
because we dont need it right?
Funny cause it's true XD
Yeah
XD
aeiou
You guys are supposed to be able to regulate yourselves. :P
that did explain the whole moo thing earlier
otakon: Not today. Being a unicorn can be difficult sometimes.
YOU MUST CONSTRUCT ADDTIONAL PYLONS
Becuase this room is so well behaved
and we
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! D:
mooo
do
ah
Ah the moo thing....
:'(
Pages and pages of moo
OH yeah, this room is totally well behaved.
it's a TRAP!
GDI gotta go mow...
what happened Zappy
<OmegaMetroidBrony> O.O[17:03:28] <PwNIES> lol[17:03:31] OmegaMetroidBrony all dat wub.[17:03:33] <PwNIES> Korean !?
...until the toot comes a-callin
/me is crying
OmegaMetroidBrony: bye
No shipping or penis memes or anything.
Moo>toot
No siree.
Bai for now...
CCPwhat's wrong man?
lol i pasted wrong thing
right, well.... carry on
mootoot
i got banned from 4chan :'(
I finaly got that achivement
/me hugs CCCP whats wrong buddy
Let's test out dari's new revelation then.
:O
toot
WAAAAAA!
A win?
moo
Moo
toot
02wb
moo
moo
Moo
you know what this room needs?
PwNIES: it's a feint
toot
moo
alexxm: I just finished a research paper today!
They have MLP Season 1 on Netflix :o
It took forever to get that achivement though....
I didn't do anything wrong
There he goes
and lol kick
WB
wtf
banshee
That as kind of late
05takign a piss brb
Hmm
GuntherDW: they have
*was
Fuck you 4chan
in this room ONLY
gunthler: :O
gasis have a horn? because fluttershy and rainbowdash are and they dont have a horn
LOL
how long is this ban CCCP
We need to get otakon in here so he can get kicked by dari again instead of wrek
ahahah noob
/me thinks you gave him the wrong idea
fail banshee rush
CCCP: what's wrong man? you were banned from 4chan?
>3>
alexxm: forever!
Untouchable...pain in the ass achivement
Yeah, we need to reunite otakon with his true love.
otakon: yes
:(
otakon: get in regulars.
I read the comic......i PMSL.......Twily, only Pinkie can break the fourth wall
CCCP: how the HELL did you manage that?
CCCP: What happened?
omg I want to be in bronze or silver league
I want portrait hunting D:
okay I'm here what's up?
how did it go Zappy
is wrek afk?
I didn't actually do anything wrong they banned me for the lulz
The moon
Yes
nothing much
oh god
otakon: There's no kickbot, check it out
It's awesome
RustyMeat: a leak
Nothing is more annoying than trying to do Time Eater with out getting hit by anything
can a pegasis have a horn because :( and :D have wings but not a horn
really?
Yeah
1
2
3
4
5
No
lol
hhahahahaaaa
rank 69? ._.
KaitoThePony: a pegasis has wings, no horn.
inb4 goddamnitdaribot
can't beleive you fell for it
YOU LYING DAMN BRITISH GIT!
LOL
kk
LOL
http://fav.me/d4xroff Gummy wearing a hat "D
well actually geting banned is a good thing
/me kicks ScootaChicken
:D
only if they are celestia or luna KaitoThePony
Hey wrek
otakon: I wanted to reunite you with your true love
alexxm: My teacher didn't grade it yet, so I don't know.
I kind of hated that site when i think about it
Do you do team games?
what about candance?
Only alicorns have both wings and a horn :D
k
then they arent Pegasi, they're Alicorns.
And now otakon and daribot have been reunited
ScootaChicken: I hate you dammit
I felt you had been too long without daribot.
05back
God I hate the Time Eater fight
hope it goes well for you Zappy
cadence seems like the one that wants a lot of kids
Do you do team games, Wrek?
Heheh
alexxm: Thanks! :)
goddammit NO SHIPPING!
12tys
05only with friends
rank
02:3
Everything about it is bad...
05unranked this season
02What's up? derp
otakon, this room is half about shipping when its active
last season then
...
Do I want to?
05gold
Wait who's playing?
my musical note wings are secretly fake >:)
SOMEONE! bring up ........THE LINK
PwNIES: I believe Wrek is playing.
03the sky
03or something
otakon: It's obvious you have it homepage'd.
Oh
Whenare they going to add MLP Season 2 on Netflix?
I thought someone else is doing it for him
ScootaChicken: eh..............................................................................................no
You can get stuck in the walls....the rings are barley noticable,when you deal damage to him he drops rings that you cant grab, and when he warps you end up right next to a ring group you always miss
next year probably Gunthler
starcraft is shti
Nope
fu pony_4879
no u
ur probably in placement
02http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/math/5/b/5/5b5cdd7bddb7a752110211845dfe3cf9.png
02is what's up
This will be interesting.
The final boss of Sonic Generations
/me hides
lolwut
Dari missed lots of things.
ah.
did anyone here play total annihilation before?
Wait, hold on, do they have a Season 1 DVD box set yet?
if you dont like starcraft you dont have to watch -_-
Its really dull...unlike the rest of the game
Testing~
Hi~ Nyria!
You can't even get hurt in that fight
woo hoo internet works again~!
hiya Nyria long time no see man!
Hey otakon ^^
gey Nyria hows your day been
Hello Nyria.
total anhilations alright i still have the CDs
Like that time when #Bronystate turned into a rainbow breathing dragon
/me hugs Nyria "How you been?"
Yet they give you an achivement if you do it without getting nailed by anything
oh fuck, the Magnet has arrived.
This will be fun.
Hey alexxm~ and it's been great~
wait...... so somethings actually playing right now??? all I'm getting is buffering
/me hugs otakon back~
..If I can remember the commands...
Wheres TheRainbow Dash
!pokemon
where were you Nyria i haven't heard from you in ages
Oh and sorry for being gone for so long~ My internet is really horrible for some reason
/me clears throat
Also I had a weird thing happen to me when I did the Egg Dragoon fight
how was new york, Nyria?
Hello Nyria!
I KNEW IT.
don't worry about it Nyria
FUKKEN NYRIA
that was the last I heard of you.
It was wonderful WallMaster ^^
@lovemeter meanwhile trixie
13 meanwhile and trixie are 26% in love.
I HEARD THOSE TILDES A MIIIIIIILE AWAY
there we go
/me hugs ScootaChicken~
Oh hey Nyria :)
although....
Hey RaveBrony~
I was about to homing attack its chest and it jumped out of the way to do its wall attack and I went really high
~
clearly you need to use trixie's full name
oh god here they come
OMG why am I in masters when I want to be in bronze or silver league :I
/me hugs Nyria
That game looks good...
/me hugs alexxm~
~
Sorry, but this is my first time here.
Nyria: How's you been and whatnot? Did you meet up with Saxy and Scoots and Canary in NY?
say goodbye to our tilde surplus, though.
Eugh Trixie
lol dude ur lucky ur playing in a quality setting
@worst_ponymeter Trixie
6 Trixie is 86% worst_pony. (1034)
^
All of my settings are set on low XD
Also Sonic's Ultimate Genisis collection dissapoints me
ScootaChicken: My internet is really bad so there's that~ I don't know how long it can hold out for before it goes out again :c
/me ~
oh god
It has Sonic 2,3 Sonic and Knuckles, but no Sonic 3 and Knuckles
NO DAMMIT NO!
it's BACK
Dat epic voice
@lovemeter otakon everything and the kitchen sink
13 otakon and everything are 36% in love.
Mattcrowley2a: welcome aboard :)
huh.
Thanks.
-__________________-
Let's try that again.
I'm just suprised that I even got on~
Oh gosh Steen is here....
/me ~
Wrek I suggest turning on your healthbar on settings will prove helpful
@lovemeter otakon and everything.
also, apparently, they had issues with emulating Sonic & Knuckles.
fffffffffff-
Bullshit
I see Starcraft 2... If THAT'S what the game is called.
Brb
I forgot about that one command per 30 seconds thing.
otakon: Did you miss me baby? /)^3^(\
THE HELL!?
They released a copy with it on it, that cost more and I dont think is in print anymore
Yes matt that is what it is called
the poor probe
it's LEARNING! RUN AWAY!
lol
Nyria: Answer the rest of my questions dagnabbit.
Fukken children these days...
Eugh no
Hey guys! Guess whos here!
With their fancy tildes
Uh, who?
alexxm: their both the same game but they had to split it due to size and in Sonic Mega collection it had the full game
hey FlareChaser hows your day been
!pokemon
so much gas O_O
Hi FlareChaser!
Get in.
Also I was angry when I found out my black xbox can't play xbox games
@lovemeter LunaTheBeloved SlurryMoon
13 LunaTheBeloved and SlurryMoon are 36% in love.
damn, wrong bloody person
:O
Aww, that's not very high
Stupid built in hard drive...
Dat aint right....
ScootaChicken: Oh and no I couldn't I didn't really know that they were in NY in the first place~
!dic-
/me ~
alexxm: I been doing good, just beat a anti brony in a argument.
@lovemeter TheGreatAndPowerfulTrixie TheGreatAndPowerfulTrixie
daw
also, Sonic 3 and Knuckles has the Micheal Jackson songs edited or removed.
Oh wait no, this isn't the other channel.
FlareChaser Win
Well facebook took down the ponyhoof page :|
dat 30 seconds
Darn it!
how'd you do that FlareChaser
@Lovemeter SlurryMoon LunaTheBeloved
13 SlurryMoon and LunaTheBeloved are 29% in love.
Nyria: But I told you they were ages ago...
:l
D:
why Digit|Skyrim
grab blink D:
Oh dear.
ScootaChicken: You did... F-
Whats even more dissapointing is they dont even have Sonic 3 and K on xbox live
/me ~
alexxm he used a pinkie launcher obviously
I don't know i just found out about it
Okay
dat kick.
Yet they have Sonic CD on there
but if you have the extension it'll still work
oh lawd
it has returned
but possibly no more updates
lol
@lovemeter TheGreatAndPowerfulTrixie Meanwhile
13 TheGreatAndPowerfulTrixie and Meanwhile are 80% in love.
....
alexxm: He said I was gay, so then I just sad: Oh, so watching a show makes me Gay? obviously you know more about my Sexual Prefrences than me. then he just walked away.
kinda high
haha
Meta, if you get sonic and knuckles, and you have Sonic 3, you can play sonic 3 and knuckles.
@pony
12LunaTheBeloved is 10Sni5ps
Nyria: ~
Lul
FlareChaser I think I've heard that before...
....
what is ponyhoof any wat Digit|Skyrim
@pony
I wish I had microsoft points though
GTFO otakon
:P
lol
you win FlareChaser
Biglaw: And then I used it again..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0LnTey3USg&feature=plcp my first pmv hope you enjoy! :)
or Gold for that matter..
@pony
12TheGreatAndPowerfulT is 7Applej8ack
Your first you say?
Not Bad
FlareChaser Gummy celebrates your victory http://fav.me/d4xroff
@pony
I'll be back on later...
Biglaw: Sweet.
@Lovemeter SlurryMoon LunaTheBeloved
13 SlurryMoon and LunaTheBeloved are 53% in love.
Better.....
3Well, it's over half
I tried the trial version of Megaman 9 and 10
hey
turtlegod98: no vids when streaming
kirzstryfe: Is Stronghold kingdoms fun?
@lovemeter otakon everythingthatmoves
Kind of wish it let me fight the boss
night guys
lol
I'm on my way to Nick studios right now
traffic and crap
@lovemeter otakon everythingthatmoves
13 otakon and everythingthatmoves are 24% in love.
ok but later then will you check it out?
orly?
Night alexxm~
why? @ trip to Nick Studios
/me hugs alexxm~
>LA
/me hugs Nyria
!pony
uh, private tour
@pony
12LunaTheBeloved is 14Derp8y
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XFpsTDhpX8&feature=youtu.be
FlareChaser: My parents think I'm gay and just don't want to come out of the closet. So I haven't confronted them about it because I'd rather make their hatemongering asses squirm. :3
That's pretty ace.
I have connections.
kk
cool
AW Teah
oh u :P
Pun intended.
*Aw Yeah
how so
03so when do we gett to see TST members in Nickelodeon shows
/me runs
what kiiiind of connections
CriticKitten: I lol'd
lawl
also drf pm
03k
@pony
12RX-78-SweetieBot is 4Big Macint7osh
heh
CriticKitten: wow man, that sucks eggs. My mom has asked me straight out if I was gay before.
Happiest moment of my life.
Howdy Big Mac
05time to do sometihng im actualyl good at
lol
My mom has as well
O.O
beaten by rine rauder
Moo
and whats that?
@pony SlurryMoon
Moo :3
lol
@pony SlurryMoon
6 SlurryMoon is 2The 8Wonder2bolts
3@pony SlurryMoon
Heheh
lol GG
@moometer SuperBrony64
6 SuperBrony64 is 56% moo. (1035)
SlurryMoon is 3 ponies?
I think it was because I didn't seem interested in any relationships at all
They're hardline bigots, so I get to mess with their heads by staying quiet. It's good fun actually, because it basically burns them for their own intolerance.
3heheh
uh, one of my good friends works as an intern on korra
Oh wait, is Wrek streaming?
Okey dokey lokey
:3
I am derp.
night guys
@lovemeter otakon everythingever
Night alexxm.
What are you gonna do next :I?
Night aleaxxm
balls.
another on a different show that hasn't been released
:D
three for the price of one!
oh god moo merer
When your parents think your gay you have to realy be showing it
LOL
@lovemeter SlurryMoon LunaTheBeloved
YAY!
anyone know when season three starts ? (MLP)?
TEAMFORTRESS XD
I liek moo :3
@Awesomemeter SlurryMoon
6 SlurryMoon is 19% Awesome. (1036)
Time for TF2, my favorite game.
it didn't work!
TF2
nobody knows yet CreativePonyName
That makes me want to play Team Fortress now...
wow
I have connections to most studios here
think it still has that colldown period
ikr
otakon: It overloaded, the percentage went over 100.
starcraft is good but i think you just kinda suck at it ._.
@shippedmeter otakon
heak yeah! tf2!
I want to watch you
03yeah, go get me Song of the South already
I'm not believing any rumors til i hear an official word
/me runs
@lovemeter otakon everythingthatmoves
Dat fortress of team
nope
Brb, playing TF2, dont disturb....
@Slurrymeter SlurryMoon
6 SlurryMoon is 20% Slurry. (1038)
I'm probably going to wake up on Saturday on instinct
dude I wish lol
STOP SHIPPING ME!
Lies.
I totally want that
SHow Twilight and The fourth wall
02I have Song of the South
20% cooler
Oh, too late
03so do I
03but not legitimately
@Belovedmeter LunaTheBeloved
6 LunaTheBeloved is 78% Beloved. (1039)
@Robotmeter RX-78-SweetieBot
Where does Dashie break the 4th wall?
02what do you mean by that? O_o
3heheh
Pretty close
ping me later if you need me
03um
this was such a last minute choice to go
3yeah, but it's not 100
brb guys
03on anything but film
I said Pretty
lol
02oh
brb guys
Uh..why is nothing in english?
like literally, I didn't know until 5 minutes til we left.
@lovemeter otakon everything_ever_in_the_world
@Robotmeter RX-78-SweetieBot
02I have it legitimately
03how
cause its not english?
I don't know why.
3@pokemon
13 SlurryMoon is a/an 6 Garchomp
@lovemeter otakon everything_ever_in_the_world
3cool
I should be working on my animation
13 otakon and everything_ever_in_the_world are 25% in love.
wrek you there?
A what....
LIES.
1,3because Wrek doesn't live in english
/me simply walks into #bronystateRegulars
Can you link me to your DA Profile please?
@Robotmeter RX-78-SweetieBot
/me hugs Nyria
cool bro story.
Cello
lali-ho Nyria
its hates me
3@pony Nyria
6 Nyria is 15Sweetie 6Be13ll6e
/me hugs LunaTheBeloved~
Wait hang on.
what language is this?
02My brother got it somehow, go ask him :x
how?
Dumb fabric~
1,3wrekish
guess who's back?
um
OMG SWEDEN!!! :D
Nyria is Sweetie Belle?
Hey Dken2021 ^^
Makes sense.
/me hugs Nyria
Swedish!
/me hugs SlurryMoon~
/me glomps Nyria
Wrek lives in sweden?
@pokemon
2 LunaTheBeloved is a/an 15 Hitmonchan
@Great_And_powerful_meter Trixie
6 Trixie is 12% Great_And_powerful_. (1043)
Aw yes
D'aww, he's so young and innocent.
03it's probably a bootleg.
Lies all lies
'sup everyone
you wanna upload that and give it to us somehow?
/me glomps ScootaChicken back~
obv
NOBODY CORRUPT HIM.
@pokemon
http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/174152
03there are tons of legit looking bootlegs
hai guys
The language of the gods.
@pokemon
Heheh
Man, Wrek has a SLOW computer.
Clearly.
>_>
ah
@pokemon
Can someone link me to Wrek's DA profile
02sure, you can test it if you want
>_>
3heheh
@pony
12ScootaChicken is 8Mr a7nd 11Mrs C13ake
:o
/me hugs LunaTheHitmonchan
like yours?
what on earth?
Hello Chrysalis.
!pokemon
/me hugs SlurryMoon
wait you said yours wasn't that great
@pokemon
0 Chrysalis is a/an 11 Wailmer
AWW YEAH.
:(
03it's a rip from a 1982 VHS
03what do you expect LOL
@pokemon
Wait, which one is Azelf?
yeah
@pokemon
guess what I'm eating now? http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/169775
@Happymeter LunaTheBeloved
6 LunaTheBeloved is 82% Happy. (1044)
http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/35014
ty
Azelf is one of the legendaries
@pokemon
I am pretty happy
11 RX-78-SweetieBot is a/an 1 Carnivine
@drunkmeter Chrysalis
what do you mean by legit looking bootlegs
Carnivine...
Is an what?
@pokemon
03like, people make actual box art
03and put labels on the discs
3It's a Carnivine
@pokemon
@shippedmeter otakon
6 otakon is 74% shipped. (1046)
03so people who don't know what the're looking for think it's a real studio DVD
03*they're
3G4 pokemon
Trufax.
Ooooooooo
nice
some weird shark torpedo thingie
oooh
oh the flytrap one
03heck, there was a group of people selling them at Disneyland Paris
Add about 26 percent more though.
G1 pokemon FTW
though seems a little low
03and duped a whole bunch of people
03LOL
I stopped buying them after Gold
I thought you meant video quality legit
03nope
03they're all the exact same rip
only 74?
Mewtwo all teh way.
k
@pokemon
7 TheGreatAndPowerfulT is a/an 0 Vaporeon
02Mine didn't come from a disk, he got it online
:
@pokemon
*:o
03well duh
Yay awesome art!
!poketohmonsutah
Watched
3I like Pokemon in general
i'm okay with this
03how is anything legit if you get a rip online
03>_)>
yay eeveelution!
03*>_>
!pokemon
I still need to finish playing through Black
those hardscopes
ouch his legs
GET IN.
3Though my favorite is G2 with G1
@pokemon
do you need a strong computer to play Tf2?
and derped sound
3G3 was my favorite game in the series though
Tyranitar
Although I'm still waiting till I get Torchic
/me know pretty much nothing about pokemon
Notbad.jpg
3G5 is pretty cool, too
@Pokemon SlurryMoon
and we can all lol about how amusing it is.
knows*
@pokemon
13 RX-78-SweetieBot is a/an 12 Umbreon
G5...
oooo
3I'm a Garchomp
With the chandeliermon
much cooler
brony_158 nope, its pretty well made and doesnt demand too much
!pokemon
And the icecreammon
Dat right
Be polite, be efficient, throw jars of piss at people
Victreebel?
RX-78-SweetieBot /)
wanna see kaito the pony?
02well, either way, it's sound quality is really good
02its*
3Not the pokemon, Dari
Is that an evolution of Bellsprout?
(\
Oh
3The game itself
VICTORY
Ahh
His wings are fake btw
02so I can't care XD
@pokemon
9 Chrysalis is a/an 6 Mothim
I still think gold/silver are best
ya dont say
HUZZAH! victory!
a what??
03it's probably the same file that everybody has
3A Mothim
how very fitting for Chrysalis
3G4 pokemon
I think G3 was the best, especially the newborn cuties.
speaking of that new pokemon game http://i1221.photobucket.com/albums/dd467/DKen2021/1334748013842.png
i love irc channels where 95% of the people on are idle
I really liked breedin in that game.
ScootaTyranitar go to pokeball.
@lovemeter SlurryMoon LunaTheBeloved
13 SlurryMoon and LunaTheBeloved are 56% in love.
DashWithRainbows: oh god how did you get in here.
3Yes, I loved Gold/silver
woah
kaito is so cute :(
I'm determined to get it higher.....
/me huggles LunaTheHitmonchan
05and ofc i hti the wrong button
02but you said yours is ripped from a VHS. That would be really crappy sounding
SUDDENLY SY
ScootaTyranitar Well, when a mommy and a daddy love each other very much...
!pokemon
*SPY
YES.
3We don't need to prove it with some machine x3
really liked gold/silver
/me huggles SlurryMoon
OH GOD I LOVE ABSOL
They fight to the death and I come into existance.
!pokemon
oops
Yeah...I guess....
brb
im going to post him again because i feel like it
03not always...
ok :)
RX-78-UmbreonBot, otakon any chance of any ME3 tonight?.
though sorta like ruby/sapphire because of the natures
03again assuming you know what you're talking about >_>
@lovemeter SlurryMoon LunaTheBeloved
13 SlurryMoon and LunaTheBeloved are 92% in love.
I am Absol...
3alrighty LunaTheHitmonchan
I think were waiting for the weekend
:D
3Oooh
3wow
/me snaps his finger and bursts into flames, trying to stop his shaking.
THE DARK CREATURE OF THE NIGHT.
1,3spamming images is bad for your health
02herp
392%
fair enough, ill try to get on
@pokemon
MEDIC
02I never said I did XD
Close Enough.jpg
00,03Your pony is... intredasting....
if i was spammig i would do this
3... 92% not too bad
who is idle here
3though it isn't 100
Or something, I forgot what Absol really did, except that he was a dark type and looked unbelievably badass.
1,3if you were spamming, I'd do this
03VHS can have fine quality, if it's relatively new
you sound like it lol
teehee
03and that's what the ripper did
02true
what?
00,03pwnd~
03they took the newest copy they could find
kirzstryfe: http://derpy.me/8-Kly you mean like this?
03and made a DVD
Dat kick
@pokemon
14 otakon is a/an 12 Azumarill
03and that's the same one being spread all over LOL
Back
:(
goddammit
Lulz.
And awesome Slurry :3
02ah
KaitoThePony: was kicked? awwwww
Absol I think was something with really high special attack but low defenses if I remember...
03additionally, usotsuki and I obtained the super-rare Japanese laserdisc which was the only legitimately released non-VHS
03problem is
You deserved it though Kaito.
/me hugs KaitoThePony
03since it was Japan
i was joking
well yeah, spam
03so LOL
!pokemon
how can you.... nevermind
I'm a damn water mouse
spam is sumtimes healthy
/me shut up digit.
@Great_And_powerful_meter Trixie
6 Trixie is 89% Great_And_powerful_. (1047)
OH YES.
I HERD U LIEK
[23:27] <ScootAbsol> Or something, I forgot what Absol really did, except that he was a dark type and looked unbelievably badass.
high sp.atk for a pokemon that is mostly a physical? wha?
Not Bad
spam is ALWAYS unhealthy
STUPID STUPID STPID
Were does he get all that piss?
<ScootAbsol> Or something, I forgot what Absol really did
oh god, otakon is pikablu
Never mind I dont want to know
good question
his...uhh
<ScootAbsol> Or something
Spam
YOU MUST BE AN ALIEN OR SUTIN
@ChickenMeter ScootaChicken
is
6 ScootaChicken is 99% Chicken. (1049)
03there's even a Hong Kong laserdisc... which itself is a bootleg of that same VHS everybody ripped XD
annoing
Eeeyup
00,03bad
DELIECIOUS
huh itsa bit picky
02have you tried editing those out somehow?
03you can't
twice is not a spam
spam makes me sad
02oh
DELEECIOUS
03they're really large and on top of the movie
03yeah
99% Chicken? 1% hot gas~
i would say 10
99% Chicken, 1% Jail bait.
RAINBOW DASH
after another
03and since like 40% of that movie is singing
Shut up DashWithRainbows.
03it's fairly annoying
Lawl DWR
Lol DWR
ScootAbsol Naw.
nah spam is 1
*sings the song of sadness*
DashWithRainbows: Yaw.
02XD
Fukken fruity bastard.
only two weeks to the next season :DD
With a name like 'Ashley'
Says the jailbait.
...
:P
What?
XD
I saw it coming though
1,3if it's the same image twice within a minute of each other, followed by the same image again, that would be spam
Quiet you.
Two Weeks?
@pokemon
:X
:P
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3637/
/me sings along with KaitoThePony
Haha you wish
That is a lie
ScootAbsol Says you...Jennifer.
!pony
Tell me that is a lie
BOOM HEADSHOT!
eww
O.O
DashWithRainbows: We don't talk about that here.
i liek poniez ^_^
nah i posted it one more time just incase someone did not see it
Is the next season coming out in two weeks?
00,03You WISH it were a lie!
Jennifer?
SuperBrony64_: Dat _
ScootAbsol I do because internets.
What am I missing here
o.o
:P
@Muzikmeter LunaTheBeloved
6 LunaTheBeloved is 86% Muzik. (1050)
00,03And SB... why are you neekid?
IKR
Next season of what? So many shows out there
then i would have finished
why isnt superbrony64's text coloured?
Pretty close....
SuperBrony64: http://i.imgur.com/RsorF.gif
Cause, I'm silly :3
:I
Is ponysquare.com down or something? i haven't been able tosign in for a good three hours :/
Oh hai rainbowdash
seems to be Storm_Chaser
Can anyone link me to the release date of Season 3?
ded
PrincessDismo: silly doggie :3
@Emometer ScootaChicken
6 ScootaChicken is 85% Emo. (1051)
05sniping<3
wow my first chat and i got kicked
^
PwNIES: we don't know it
Yes, the director of the show have gave a interview to ponycountdown.com about the season 3
black...
LIKE MY SOUL
lol
THAT IS A LIE
its been like that for a while Storm_Chaser
PwNIES there isent one atm
SuperBrony64: You're silly! c:
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4497/
HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN TO MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
INB4 NOBODY UNDERSTANDS ME
/me sings with Wrek|Observing
Somepony said it will be coming out in 2 weeks
NOBODY UNDERSTANDS ME
I know, i was just wondering
NO ALLCAPS
What a lie .-
ohai SuperBrony64
I knew it was a lie XD
ooh steams gonna have torchlight 2
what a lie
/me hugs PrincessDismo
I'm calling bullshit all over that satement
2 weeks
inb4 Wrek "No allcaps"
WHAT IS HAPPENING
More like a few months
*statement
hai CountDoofus ^_^
and he sad that the next season comes out in 2 weeks
.///.
ScootAbsol: how ironie
/me hugs SuperBrony64
00,03Season 3 starts next October! I should know, my Uncle works at Nintendo~
@Robotmeter RX-78-SweetieBot
Azumarilltakon hes not even here
6 RX-78-SweetieBot is 87% Robot. (1052)
/me Hugs SuperBrony64
ironic......laughing too hard
Azumarilltakon: Whatchoo implying son.
00,03Oh wait, wrong joke...
!pokemon
D:
>_>
hehe
october :o
whats the other 13% then....
I'm so nervous ;A; , what do I say to John de Lancie when I meet him ;~;
why hello there
Easy.
There is no date yet on season 3
Dictionary.
@pokemon
I have a splinter in my thumb
15 LunaTheHitmonchan is a/an 5 Togetic
I heard S3 starts Sept 19.
RX-78-UmbreonBot: feminine looks
It hates me
03ow?
October? ... yeah, no :D
3cool
03you might want to remove that
I'm just getting all the badass Pokemon today, a legendary, Tyrantiar, Absol, Gardevoir...
%Scoot-Scootaloo what does nintendo have to do w/ mlp??
stop lying everypony
@pokemon
/me hugs LunaTheTogetic
whatdo you think I've been trying to do
like all day
:'D
i heard its coming
RX-78-UmbreonBot: remember ScootAbsol is jailbait trap
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4493/ Harsh...
Azumarilltakon: shush pikablu
00,03SB64: You should say: "I am your Father"
I have no idea what that is but opkay
3:3
1,3Hasbro was bought out by Blizzard, S3 of MLP:FiM will be coming Soon
lol
The other part of the percentage is always jailbait
lol
What was that Azumarilltakon?
lol
/me huggles SlurryMoon
omg
I legitmately heard it from another brony
lies
well im gonna go play Terraria, cyall in a few hours :)
ScootaGardevoir Why you mah second favourite pokeman?
I didn't hear you over the sound of you being a blue Pikachu.
the season 3 is in production since the middle of season 2... john de lancie have recorded a voice to a new pony for the season 3 already
3http://pldh.net/media/pokemon/ken_sugimori/update_hgss/176.png
3^togetic
R yew tryin' to win me ova?
OH!
lol
He even made an alarm in advance he was so sure
ScootaGardevoir: jailbait, you are 87% Emo and 13% jailbait
I know that one :)
@pokemon
11 RX-78-UmbreonBot is a/an 8 Shellder
DashWithRainbows: Cos I'm an unattainable desire.
-.-
02but what about the splinter? :<
grab a thumb tack
You ponies really love to lie don't youz?
Oh lord.
I'm 85% sure that voice is going to be discord...
Until you're 16 that is ScootaGardevoir.
Azumarilltakon: I thought I was 99% Chicken or something
WindWhistler :D
@meter ~meter Nyria
hope it has :P
6 ~meter Nyria is 93% . (1053)
If I were to meet John De Lancie, I wouldn't talk JUST about MLP. Man's done a s[yay]load of other stuff prior to Discord. but that's just me.
My dog just got back from surgery
Wut
that sounds right
Nah, he'll always be jailbait
She had a tumor on her spleen
I would ask him how his day was.
/me hugs WindWhistler
Anyone hoping that discord gets out of his prison AGAIN?
:D
:o
100% too little.
It's been awhile since I used this magnet fellow...
Good Lord WindWhistler...
I'm sorry ;A;
Darnit, I never liked shellder
and my mom just said somehting about two cysts coming off that tumor
Quiet dari.
He sad that he dont know the voice is for discord
1,3history of the discord war
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4401/
Hey wait a minute, let's see if dari's bot works...
/me serves everypony complimentary doughnuts
One does not simply tell dari to be quiet. You have to seduce him with David Tennant first.
wow, thats not very magnet
ehm :I
I still say the CMC should be in jail for that
13% Magnet, 87% jailbait
@pokemon Meanwhile
If I do 4,1THIS
/me noms on doughnuts
10 Meanwhile is a/an 10 Linoone
That was not it -.-
Ugh...poor thing...
/me eats all the doughnuts
She looks awful
balls.
02I remember
Three things I hope for season 3: Return of Trixie, CMC gets their cutie marks, Discord Returns
Uuuuuuuuh I hate dragons so much right now it's unreal.
02years ago
Allo everypony.
lol u guys have some imagination
Lul
02I got a splinter that went all the way up my finger, wasn't even about to bend it
BOOM HEADSHOT!
everyone here will see, season 3 is not far away, believe me
/me noms on his doughnut.
Dat Slurrybot.
3@toodamnhighmeter The_rent
6 The_rent is 44% toodamnhigh. (1055)
Allo everyregular.
02able*
Oh fuck
I'm sorry WindWhistler, at least she's safe now :(
I liek icecream
Problem?
@pokemon
13 RX-78-ShellderBot is a/an 8 Mew
Hey look over there!
WindWhistler: what's her name?
uh huh.
Back in mah day, there was only one bot!
HAHA
I hope all this stuff is worth it
3heheh
oh what!
Mew
@Jailbaitmeter Chat
nice
/me gives everypony milk to go with it
GOD DAMN
Aw...
HOY COW!
A MEW
lol CMC broke discord lose XD
/me drinks the milk.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAH
/me steals fourty cakes
@pokemon
/me throws pokeball
/me throws
GOD DAMMIt
!Jailbaitmeter ScootaChicken
NIDSANGIODJHGSIODZFJGHa
/me throws masterball
NINJAAAAAAAAAA
/me runs
SEE
haha~
AHHHHHH
oh we're at the studio
pony_1799: I'm thinking it might be another September or October Launch
/me steals 40 souls.
ONLY 62 PERCENT
Dafuq is a Linoone?
i found 2 bronys on omegle
ONLY 62
Say guys, would you consider the dragons from Dragonshy and Dragon quest, the Shadowbolts and parasprites as legit antagonists?
00,03Oh yes, because they SOO want to rush pony episodes...
02Had to visit the emergency room
/me steals 40 things
lol
bye all
02seeya
051 last game before another streamer kicks in
Scoot-Scootaloo: I like Rush.
They only rush the villains not the episode ><
Good band.
Meanwhile 3rd gen. Evolution of Zigzagoon.
CountDoofus: Yeah. They're antagonists, but not quite villians.
@Lovemeter Meanwhile Trixie
13 Meanwhile and Trixie are 48% in love.
*sings the ice cream song* *ice scream falls from the sky*
They are not rushing anything... season 3 is in production a long time
/me hugs SuperBrony64
/me tackles RX-78-MewBot and catches it in a regular old pokeball
00,03I prefer U2, ScootaGardevoir~
02Because it started bleeding
o.O
Suck it. That isn't even half.
02;-;
that script is broken
I wonder what ever happened to Gilda
But they wouldn't release season 3 so fast
00,03And awesome nick name!
Meanwhile: it's off today
I hope she's dead
I am the very best....like no one ever was.....
it keeps minusing 52%
I'm not so sure about the Shadowbolts. They were a hoax of Nightmare Moon, after all
@pokemon
14 Corsolis is a/an 8 Slowbro
lol
lol
/me hugs WindWhistler back
Hope they don't release season 3 for a few months
00,03Gilda is just misunderstood :(
To catch them is your real test, to train them is your cause?
hehe~
James wothon sad that season 3 will have a bigger fan service
She's a total bitch
Gilda is best pony?
I will travel across the land?
/me releases RX-78-MewBot
and parasprites are just creatures following their instincts
:D
1,3nomming
Season 3 will come out in a few months everypony just to clear it up
/me wonders why /me didn't work with SuperBrony64
Searching far and wide
!pokemon
Capture ALL the control points!
@pokemon
I bet he accidentally pressed the space bar
9 DashWithRainbows is a/an 7 Dusclops
Hmm...
Prepare to endure days without ponies ><
Suck it!
Nah, not as awesome as Gardevoir
Capture ALL the control points? :C
oooo
cool
ScootaGardevoir: Gilda is indeed best pony. Served well done.
a Dusclops?" really?
DashWithRainbows: lol, dusCLOPS
CLOP
CLOP
haha~
also: http://scranton.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw4495-1335176681756.gif
Lawl
MASTURBATION.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1346/ Lawl
:D
darn.
CountDoofus Gilda is a griffon
00,03Gilda is best Flier
wat
Dat kick
That is the reason why I like it ScootaGardevoir.
CountDoofus: KFG
RX-78-MewBot: the hell am I looking at plot shaking?
What "The art of the dress" really means: "The Art of the Stress"
xD
@pokemon
11 Meanwhile is a/an 0 Mantyke
Scoot-Scootaloo, gilda is not a pony...
ctcb: Eeyup....:D
A griffon, you say? Never noticed that.
What the fuck is that?
Close nuff. I wonder what Griffons taste like as tacos...
3MewBot, that's a silly gif
ctcb: The Art of Distress?
Since i'm a ghost type...I CAN WATCH YOU THROUGH WALLS.
00,03O RLY?
Mm hmm hmm.
whats friday movie night? i want to know cuz i new
....
I hate Pokemon. I don't even know half of them anymore.
gilda is best selfish jerk
CountDoofus, gilda is not a pony...
/me throws pokeball
night everypony
She's worse than trixie
Scoot-Scootaloo: Captain Obvious has joined the chat.:D
You don't say...
!pokemon
ScootaGardevoir: Stress and Distress are different things alltogether
so she can't be best pony
http://cdn.bulbagarden.net/media/upload/thumb/b/bc/458Mantyke.png/200px-458Mantyke.png
night VioletGreySha
Night VioletGreySha don't let NMM or Molestia bite
dafuq is a Spiritomb
HelloV VioletGreySha! (waves)
night VioletGreySha
^Mantyke~
Im sure Trixie can help you remember them Meanwhile
00,03KaitoThePony: *coughcoughFAQcough*
Don't forget Mandows
:D
3heheh, sillies
MANDOWS!
ctcb: I was making a pun though.
I'm a fucking manta ray with cutie eyes.
3Just look it up on google
@pony
12Nyria is 4Apple 8Bumpkin
3Pokemon
Mantyke is adorable
Spirittomb has no weakness.
Fear my ability to drown on land.
It's annoying.
I went there
SuperBrony64: Nervous? Hmpf...Dork, Why would someone as amazing as YOU be nervous?
!pony
lol
Don't be silly. That's like saying Iron Will isn't best Dr. Whooves.
Friday Movie Night is when they let the dire bears out.
@pokemon
13 LunaTheTogetic is a/an 2 Nosepass
.....
Lmao
I don't play Pokemon~ I play Yu-gi-oh~
Dire sheep
We fight them for prestige and glory.
I'm a pony version of David Tennant?
lol
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawright.
:D
i really think derpy is offensive
WOO CRYSIS 3 IS ANNOUNCED
AHAHAHA
ALL THE COLARS
Friday night is when I show my non brony friend movies :3
I get all the bitches and dari.
I just looked up Nosepass.
ScootaGardevoir inb4 dari hits on you.
3http://cdn.bulbagarden.net/media/upload/thumb/8/89/299Nosepass.png/180px-299Nosepass.png
Fear my....sneezes?
3nosepass
pony_1799 ORLY???
I'd tap dat
:P
yeah
haha~
i do
His dad didn't like buried AT ALL
00,03Its also when we lock everyone in a box and bury them underground and ask them for 5 million money
What even is that?
@jailbaitmeter ScootaChicken
6 ScootaChicken is 100% jailbait (1057)
why?
LOL
:O
Sounds legit
WUT.
AAHAHAHAHHAA
:>
LOL
So true.
BOOM HEADSHOT!
*Buried
well.. i dont see the point
/me busted out laughing
Lol!!
mfw i make it out of dead money with all the gold bars
to make fun of a dissable pony
Scoot-Scootaloo: And then make them make movie.
BOOM HEADSHOT!
pony_1799: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3120/
no i mean i just checked because you did not tell me
TIS A LIE.
kenne I've done that
3hahahaha
Feel Pony Inc. i like
Azumarilltakon: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2XFpsTDhpX8&feature=autoplay&list=UU2y-IkIRLm2RguWVb8mC9bQ&playnext=1
I has all 37
Rofl!!!
/me huggles ScootaGardevoir
You need some C4
Scoot-Scootaloo: I am the terrorist, give me money now. 5 million of it, you're running out of time.
Someone screencap that plz XD
3:DDD
1,3and I think the Derpy conversation has been played out enough and causes enough drama, so now would be a good time to change topics
3RX-78-MewBot, I love that game xD
5 million money
Done ScootaGardevoir~
pony_1799 there not making fun of her and she's not disabled, she can be considered as just clumsy
RX-78-MewBot: thats awesome
*sings the song of money*
???
?
OmegaMetroidBrony: took forever to travel to a place where i can store my gold to transport it in intervals
@pokemon
05pony_1799: no starting flamewars, first warning.
5 DashWithRainbows is a/an 4 Remoraid
...
i liek derpy :3
I have desire to play castle crashers soon....
ah crap only a dollar
yeah.. just clumsy whit the eyes and the atitude show to us in the last rondup
ScootaGardevoir: ForeverAJailbait
................
.jpg
/me starts a waterwar
Kaito?
As in...
:D
Even when I'm 16
Kaito KID?
lol The perk that lets you travel overencumbered FTW
Oh gosh....poor ScootaGardevoir......
Remoraid is the little fish that evolves into the octopus right?
I'll still be jailbait ;__;
/me facepalms forever
i just saying...
I wanna start an earthwar.
00,03KaitoThePony: Might as well sing the Song of the Storms so it would stop raining here!
Test
okay that's it, chaning back now
That's how I got all 37
Someone else can have an airwar.
/me hugs LunaTheNosepass
RX-78-MewBot yep.
that's better
3You're here
Test
!pokemon
Chat froze.....
OmegaMetroidBrony: in retrospect i shoulda chose that just for this
...do I wanna' know what I just joined in?
I wondered who Azumatrilli whatever was.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Sing it so it STOPS?
.....moo
Hai otakon.
/me starts a grillwar
also, I LOVE Castle Crashers
Remoraids were cool then
no not kaito kid
wait
Which one is Deoxys?
Ugh...I can't even look at my dog anymore because of those nasty scars she has...
Meanwhile: I've been here
I chose it for the monies
OmegaMetroidBrony: how long does it take for a vendor to regen caps?
Oh dinner is done~
RemorAIDS
Yeah...regulars room froze on me....
A week
Oh wait, isn't Deoxys the really cool Legendary?
ScootaGardevoir: the rock spider thing
Kaito the vocaloid
KaitoThePony: Good. Because I HATE Kaito KID
00,03Yeah, because that's what it does, right?
Scoot-Scootaloo: That's not how it works...
ScootaGardevoir FUKKEN GOOGLE.
dat disconnect
FFFFFFFFFFFFFF
NOPE.
YEP.
Wednesday is usually when they restock
I EXPECT YOU ALL TO KNOW THESE THINGS.
Scoot-Scootaloo: It MAKES it storm
Wow...disconnection....:D
I DO.
00,03I haven't played wind waker in a while :(
otakon:I know that now, but I didn't recognise you as Azumatrwhatever
I AIN'T EXPLAININ' SHIT.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1291/
THEN YOU FUKKEN SAVE ME THE EFFORT.
takon
I like Wind Waker
Testing
I got Skyward Sword :3
OmegaMetroidBrony: really, i thought it worked in somehting like 3 or 4 days
......im so confused right up in here
Alright
RELAX!
Fixed
kirzstryfe, you realize lightIRC users cannot see kick messages, right?
Mooing
3cool
Maybe
LunaTheNosepass: I see you
It's one huge world
the song that makes storms leave is "rain rain go away"
@pokemon
/me hugs LunaTheNosepass
2 LunaTheNosepass is a/an 10 Bibarel
PrincessDismo: o3o....I'm not a dork ;~;
where is kenne?
3um
3wow
/me plays the Sun Song
brb
ScootaGardevoir YOU'RE FAT. YOU NEED TO LOSE WIEGHT BY CLICKING STUFF
then again, most Zelda games are huge worlds
SuperBrony64: :'3 Are so, A silly one <3
Not like level to level like a lot of games
/me hugs SlurryMoon
Idk, all I'm certain is that they restock every Wednesday
OmegaMetroidBrony: 8000x 37...im gunna be so rich
LunaTheBibarel oh god...
omegametroidbrony: Yay :3
3http://cdn.bulbagarden.net/media/upload/thumb/9/91/400Bibarel.png/200px-400Bibarel.png
Oh dear
DashWithRainbows: I'M NOT FAT, I'M JUST BIG BONED OR SOMETHING
http://bronies.memebase.com/2012/04/26/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-guess-well/ ha!
3bibarel
Come on everypony smile smile smile! :O
PrincessDismo: i liek silly :3
ScootaGardevoir Dat big bone.
so big very very big
....
OH GOD NO
/me requires SuperBrony64 to comfort her
nononononononono
Wink wink nudge nudge
3You're a beaver
NO!
KaitoThePony: thats what she said
NO!
:D
NO!
SuperBrony64: I Leik you
Oh god, Bibarel
3hehe
NO!
Wait isn't it 10375 per gold bar?
quick luna change it!
SuperBrony64: What....why are you here? We need more silliness in the chat, double time! I'll start.....toast...:D
@pokemon
8 LunaTheBibarel is a/an 6 Bibarel
lol
LunaTheBibarel...wats with the pokemon names? just a little weird
1,3it's been set up so they see the message when they're kicked as a popup, or it had been
XD
3no D:
/me comforts WindWhistler
@pokemon
dat kick
Anti Hate Shield 2.0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4CQI9aadKY&feature=g-vrec RX-78-MewBot
/me hugs LunaTheBibarel
NOOOOOOO!
You got it again LunaTheBibarel.
!pokemon
Maybe thats just my barter skill
3@pokemon LunaTheBibarel
yea i saw it
@pokemon
My poor dog...
TheRainbowDash: i liek silliness and toast ^_^
Daguq is a bibarel.
kirzstryfe, black text on a black background.
@pokemon
@pokemon
3@pokemon LunaTheBibarel
@pokemon
Ugh i wanna go to sleep!
I LIEK TRAINS!
@pokemon
........wat the hell is happning here
2 Nyria is a/an 14 Nincada
calm down
today's my aunt's b-day
Meanwhile: the evolved form of the worst pokemon
=_=
I win~
SuperBrony64: What about moo? The cows are getting lonely....
Dat spam.
PwNIES: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3529/
....
!pokemon
*gets run over by a train*
MOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Toast anypony?:)
SuperBrony64: :'3 I'll buy you some at Denny's :)
Hmm...
Digitalis: Sleep you will not with Bronystate
LunaTheBibarel....can you explain just WTF is goin on here?
LOL
Do I sacrifice Gardevoir for Ho-Oh?
ahahahahah
1,3black text on green background, sounds like you need a new monitor
also, brb need to take out the trash
@lovemeter Trixie Meanwhile
13 Trixie and Meanwhile are 16% in love.
Nah not yet.
ScootaGardevoir: YES
TheRainbowDash YES PLEASE
lies
:D
*sings the don't die from getting hit by a train song*
otakon: was never here for him in the first place
@pokemon
8 LunaTheBibarel is a/an 2 Exeggutor
lol i know OmegaMetroidBrony xD I'm also waiting for my bf to get back from the store >.<
You know what I find pathetic about me?
Better........
RX-78-MewBot: I'LL COMPROMISE
3cool
heh
00,03white text on green background FTW!
3And Exeggutor
That'll never work in your favour TheGreatAndPowerfulT.
/me walks onto the train tracks only to get rescued by Mr. T
I have a DA folder filled with Chrysalis art
iammrcrap: Alright!! (throws a piece of toast onto your face, *smack*!)
Shamroc: chatbot that tells you meter ratings and what pokemon you are.
brb
Better....
Luna can throw her heads at people
/me is lectured by Mr. T.
i got an 80 before you were here Meanwhile
/me takes a breath of relief
That was a really, really difficult pun to make.
Night elf mohawk
@pokemon
PrincessDismo: i liek Dennys :D
2 DashWithRainbows is a/an 10 Nidoran♂
otakon: care to demostrate before im confused SHITLESS
About 98% of it is pure Chrysalis
I am actually disgusted with myself.
/me goes onto the train tracks again and gets rescued by Mr. T again
/me explodes all over the chat.
I don't believe you TheGreatAndPowerfulT.
...Again, wut...
I remember the Nidorans.
Shamroc: like so
TheRainbowDash *eats toast and hugs you*
haha~
!pokemon
dammit Midnight_Tempest!
/me cleans Midnight_Tempest off the chat
Midnight_Tempest: Ahhh.....no...no!
DONT SAY I LIKE TRAINS!
...
Nidoran! I actually know that one!
This is so fun :3
Eww, I got Midnight_Tempest all over me.
OOPS
I hate trains
/me is lectured by a frustrated Mr. T
00,03Midnight_Tempest: That's Nittan_Discords job!
LO
L
So true
rofl
/me goes onto train tracks again
3:l
Great, now I need to clean up...
LOL
Doho.
HA
3Dat love meter
I LIVE
SuperBrony64: :'3 We're gonna go there one day! Right? :D
It must be drawn
brb
lol
lol
/me is rescued by Mr. T, who no longer says anything
lol
FUKKEN SCREENCAP
dat kick
NAO
LOL
OFC :D
Scoot-Scootaloo: lol, but he isnt here atm
ScootaGardevoir: Done~
Screen cap pls.....
too late, I got GTFO kicked
Yes
............hmph. Apparently no one here has played Mother 3
WE NEED ALL OF THESE IMAGES AS PROOF
Need to nom on food.....be right back...eh, 5-7 hours minimum....:D
/me reforms like the T-1000
brb
@pokemon
13 LunaTheExeggutor is a/an 13 Swablu
I have played Mother 3
Didn't beat it
Swablu. Don't know that one either.
WindWhistler: huh I have what did you say?
00,03B-but he will be, and when he sees you everywhere....
WHY DIDN'T YOU GET THE REFERENCE
But I still loved it
Nor do I
lol TheRainbowDash okie :3
Meanwhile: cloud bird
LunaTheExeggutor you are now part cloud thing.
im sooo paranoid
Because I was looking else where
3http://static.zerochan.net/full/09/28/141409.jpg
Scoot-Scootaloo: its ok, im self cleaning ^_^
REALLY
Shamroc: Oh well that clears it up.
3Swablu^
evolves into dragon cloud bird.
gamoman
Srsly wtf.
SuperBrony64: It is for the toast.....and friendship is delicious...:)
@pokemon
11 Meanwhile is a/an 6 Meowth
In the game, if you walk onto the train tracks at a certain point, you get rescued by Mr. T, who lectures you
Swablus are cool
lawl
Epic Wub Time
The toast! I go!:D
LOL
That's right.
ScootaGardevoir: I'll have them ready in 2 days~
/me Meowthwhile
MEOWTHWHILE
All the wub ^_^
Heheh
It's funny because it kinda fits.
I never walked onto the train tracks
Meanwhile http://i45.tinypic.com/2z8dwdj.png
@pony
12Nyria is 10Trix11ie
00,03Oh hi, Derpy_Hooves!
Nyria x Meanwhile.
She tries to clean them with...wuba
*wubs
lawl
Or rather, if you try to follow the train tracks into a cave...
Let it be.
Oh that isn't going to end well.
kirzstryfe, not your text; the kick message in lightIRC.
ohai Scoots
I kinda got lost ^_^"
I love the sandwich line
I'll clean you with my wubs
inb4 we have a giant pokemon battle
Hey Derpy_Hooves ^_^
@pokemon
7 DashWithRainbows is a/an 15 Swalot
...
"Do you want the rest of that sandwich?"
@lovemeter Nyria Meanwhile
13 Nyria and Meanwhile are 5% in love.
/me nudges Meowthwhile~ "hmmmm?~"
soo otakon i would do @pokemon and it says random pokemon
Did you know that internet celebrity Michael Mozartt actually made some Generation 1 MLP toys?
Dahaha
Awww...
@pokemon
FFFFFFFFFF....Wait...
@lovemeter ScootaChicken Scoot-Scootaloo
She really taught me what friendship could mean that day
hai Derpy_Hooves
!lovemeter ScootaChicken Scoot-Scootaloo
@pokemon
14 LunaTheSwablu is a/an 2 Weavile
PROOF.
1,3not sure what you're setup with it is then ehm, I tested it a few minutes ago and it was a grey popup with black text and a clickable button
00,03Oh, it is LadyCanary! Too bad she's not here :/
hai hai
@lovemeter TheGreatAndPowerfulTrixie Meanwhile
13 TheGreatAndPowerfulTrixie and Meanwhile are 30% in love.
dat 30
its going up..
SlurryMoon: what in the name of gods toenails is that.
3I meant DashWithRainbows
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/173857 made me lol
1,3WindWhistler, no video links during a stream please
Coolio
02wb
@pokemon
...
aww
w
Oooo, luna as a weavil? that fits well
3It's a Swalot
!pokemon
SlurryMoon oh god THAT pokemon.
/me strolls into the cha5
I HATE IT.
I hate i9t.
chat*
Eww the monkey.
i wanna try now
I be a Weavil
Wait... I actually did do that... I just didn't remember...
Sup DaringDude
It's been too long
@pokemon
i havent seen LadyCanary in some time...
12 DashWithRainbows is a/an 15 Furret
you should stay a weavil
@pony
12Meowthwhile is 5Little Strong7heart
There was a stream? I didn't notice...
weavils are cool
/me shrugbuffalo.
dat furret
I'm just getting a buffering circle
I'm getting terrabad pokemans.
Hai FillyFlam :) i liek ur name ^-^
That RD poster
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2731/ mfw I entered the Konami code in Fimfiction
Terribad*
@lovemeter Trixie Meanwhile
13 Trixie and Meanwhile are 58% in love.
DaringDude: Lol, thanks. :)
is going up
ITS GETTING LARGER
I'm getting epic pokemans left and right.
/me refreshes stream
Pfft.
!pokemon
Oh, there it is.
Poniez!
@pokemon SlurryMoon
@pony Meowthwhile~
Sorry about that.
6 Meowthwhile~ is 6Spik3e
dat pinkie poster lol
Also dat Pinkie gentlemen
/me yays
I hate dragons.
Dafuq?
00,03I admit, that made me chuckle~
3@pokemon
1 SlurryMoon is a/an 8 Garchomp
all the ponies
SO MANY PONIES
Is that Spike?
SlurryMoon nice...
Or is that Spyro?
Garchomp?
@francismeter Meowthwhile
6 Meowthwhile is 15% francis. (1058)
3I got it again
i wonder what kind of server he's in....
Wow....
!racistmeter otakon
OMFG
Fair enough.
@Racistmeter otakon~
Hahaha look at all those paints XD
Everypony what should I draw?
Aw~
@lovemeter LunaTheWeavile GarchompMoon
13 LunaTheWeavile and GarchompMoon are 49% in love.
otakon's racist now?
@pokemon
0 Shamroc is a/an 1 Mew
3Garchomp: http://images2.fanpop.com/images/photos/6700000/Garchomp-dragon-type-6718762-550-480.jpg
an wat
draw a pony
Biglaw: Flam, as a filly.
It was a joke awhile ago Meanwhile~
Draw a pony
/)^3^(\ Tf2
Biglaw: Pirate Queen Celestia!
What is that? An anthropomorphic shark torpedo?
........i didnt get named? so lost right now
BTW Lyra is the image of procrastination: http://imgur.com/Z9UW8
BigLaw...... Heavy as a pony.... draw that
Meowthwhile: It all started when he said something about hating Necromancers and LordCelestia and me misinterpreted it as 'Negromancers'
I'm so glad I'm a regular.......
@Tildemeter Nyria~
6 Nyria~ is 74% Tilde. (1061)
It got worse from there.
Hehe.
wow pro
Then it slipped into the IRC.
...i didnt get pokemoned..
iammecrap I have no idea! *how to draw that*
@pony
wow. I didn't realize there were so many fanfics on EQD. Why did I ever bother starting one?
12RX-78-MewBot is 8Apple Bl4oom
74% not enough...
Draw chibi ponies
@pokemon
5 DashWithRainbows is a/an 12 Cacnea
Shamroc, you have to try multiple times
!pokemon
WTF
Berry is best demopony
FUCK CACNEA.
Dafuq is a Seedot
http://fav.me/d4xfkf5 Warning: BIG file
:D
3Cacnea is cool though :<
Shit pokemon. Shit pokemon everywhere ;A;
@pokemon
ScootaGardevoir your a nut
lol dat heavy
3I love his little fat Cactus body
I'm not sure if I can stay on, I have to keep an eye on my dog...she's in the family room, where there's no computer
@pokemon
I don't like being a nut ;__;
@pokemon
@pokemon
@pokemon
2 TheGreatAndPowerfulT is a/an 11 Clefable
lol
Pfft.#
Dat S2
!pokemon
wut ?
dat celfable
Biglaw just draw a bald pony with a red jacket and a bullet chain thing around his waist
@pokemon
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: your from space aparently now
Draw Demopony
Clefable. What could those puffballs even do?
3A lot
@pokemon
13 LunaTheWeavile is a/an 12 Lickilicky
Draw kratos as a pony
i must go my planet needs me
Damn heavy chilling with his sanvich
A what.
!pokemon
Biglaw: Pirate Queen Celestia!
@pony LunaTheWeavile
3They're great special walls
6 LunaTheWeavile is 7Mr Br15eezy
..at least he has a cool hat
3heheh
...... LunaTheWeavile licatounge evolve
3That guy x3
Draw Conan as a pony
Meowthwhile you like puffballs don't you Meowthwhile ?
I FUKKEN LOVE PALKIA.
Samus Pony :P
haha~
FUKKEN BETTER THAN DIALGA
PEARL ALL THE WAY.
Wow...
Megaman pony
I'll try heavy weapons pony
@pokemon
1 Shamroc is a/an 10 Marowak
flutter_spin: It's no excuse unless he has a nice boat
The hell is a Lickilickt?
y*
Oh that smarts just as he's blown to bits
Nope
draw something based on BBBFF Song
Meowthwhile: lickatounge evloved form
otakon has best beard
licktounge but with 3 tounges
Lickitongue could evolve?
Biglaw thx for taking my suggestion
3heheh
@pony SlurryMoon
6 SlurryMoon is 10Sni5ps
3Dat Tom
Dat snips
@lovemeter Trixie Meanwhile
13 Trixie and Meanwhile are 9% in love.
Maybe I'll get around to drawing my OC. Now if I can just learn how to draw on the computer
Meowthwhile: in the newer versions
REVENGE KILL
Damn
Me http://cartoonwar.files.wordpress.com/2009/03/lickilicky.png
I thought Lickitongue was left as the pokemon most likely to work in pornography.
....
I'm fat.......
flutter_spin: Get a tablet
.....
^
lol
You're not fat, that's... Fluffy~
draw a with a mouse
I'm cheap :(
Tools doesn't matter
It's about skills
im aparently a thing that enjoys wearing skulls on its head
@pokemon
10 LunaTheLickilicky is a/an 12 Bronzong
1,3pencil + paper + practice
/me hugs SuperBrony64
Dafudge is that?
/me hugs LunaTheLickilicky
@pony
12TheGreatAndPowerfulT is 6Spik3e
PwNIES...are you saying I don't have any skill?
1,3especially the last part
/me hugs LunaTheBronzong
/me hugs SlurryMoon
Mouse + sai = profit
!POKEMOn
Meowthwhile: tis a meatlic fist thing
I draw like shit
No
BRONZONG
http://i.imgur.com/5gX6i.jpg
eww no
dafuq
@pokemon
From AJ to Spike NOOOOO
I LOVE BRONZONG
/me hugs SlurryMoon
I'm awesome with pencil art when using a reference. I'm horrible at colors and off my head
Hai :3
@pokemon
I didn't say buck about that
Step 1 find something to draw
/me hugs SuperBrony64
Ohai ^_^
@pokemon
SuperBrony64 dat nakedness.
Step 2 draw it
:D
Hey SuperBrony64 ^^
4 Meowthwhile is a/an 4 Nidoran♂
Cello
ಠ_ಠ﻿
Your sentence there kinda implies that people who use tablets don't have skills
Step 3 ???
3http://www.serebii.net/potw-dp/Bronzong.jpg Bronzong
@pony
12Nyria is 8Bo12nB13on
profit :D
ಠ_ಠ﻿
Step 4 profit
/me hugs LunaTheBronzong back
yay~
step 4
You said "Tools doesn't matter. It's all about the skills"
step 3 muffins
Waht is that.....
Needs an evolve.
@lovemeter RAWRity emangamer
13 RAWRity and emangamer are 68% in love.
@lovemeter Meanwhile Trixie
/me hugs SuperBrony64~
yeah it's a quote from an artist
Denied.
Nyria: Screencap that too.
I saw on DA
Rule 1 there are no rules
@pokemon
3 LunaTheBronzong is a/an 2 Cradily
Rule 2,Rule 1 is false
@pony
12TheGreatAndPowerfulT is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
I thought that was rule number 4
/me hugs Nyria back ^_^
buffalo ?
ScootaPalkia: I have the orginial with 90% around in my files somewhere~
LunaTheBronzong: a wat the hell? i dont even know what that is
Darn Hades lied to me
Wibbly wobbly timey wimey... stuff.
I don't know. Sometimes I just think its not worthwhile doing stuff.
The tools DO matter, but not as much as people like to think.
ಠ_ಠ﻿
Alright, Flare is playing League of Legends. cya.
@lovemeter Meanwhile Trixie
13 Meanwhile and Trixie are 70% in love.
Ffff.
not high enough
toodles
/me noms on AllisZero
Me http://cdn.bulbagarden.net/media/upload/thumb/3/38/346Cradily.png/170px-346Cradily.png
But I DID write a full flown fanfic on paper (with no structure)
Ded
/me highfives kirzstryfe
3yep
3I like that pokemon
3It's an ancient Flower
I guess I can at least try, but I need cheerleaders
/me huggles SlurryMoon
ka BOOOOOOOM
@lovemeter otakon the_kitchen_sink
13 otakon and the_kitchen_sink are 91% in love.
Heheh
Lawl
huh?
lol
ohai everypony!
flutter_spin: I'll go fetch my pom poms.
Oh god screencap
Most of the fossile pokemon are all cool
dunno, I just love it when demoman says that
dammit I come back to that?
/me huggles LunaTheCradily tight :)
Wheres Rubberfruit when you need him/her/it
Hello CloverMuffins!
@pony
12TheGreatAndPowerfulT is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
Yes!!!!!!
We are having so many Screecap moments...
lol
ScootaPalkia: http://imgur.com/8SusV
@pony
sup Zappy :)
Heya CloverMuffins!
Found it~
@pony
Nyria: Oh god I love you.
@pony
12Shamroc is 6Twilight Spa13rk6le
...wait wat
hey OmegaMetroidBrony :)
Hiya everypony :)
And therefore Shamroc is TheGreatAndPowerfulT
heheh
/me tips hat~
morning
@pokemon
Ello That_British_Guy
8 Meanidoran is a/an 8 Fearow
Shamroc You're now Wrek's favourite pony.
!pokemon
hey That_British_Guy, Phase4
hai those who just joined :p
Shamroc: you heard the sea serpent, you're Twilight Sparkle
Hello That_British_Guy and Phase4!
Again?
Moin Phase4
!pokemon
@pony
Hello
@pony
@lovemeter Meanwhile Trixie
12LunaTheCradily is 12Spit8f7ire
13 Meanwhile and Trixie are 1% in love.
hai CountDoofus ;D
HA
why are you trying to hit your own team?
lol
Aw yeah
Screenshot.
I think it's running out of ideas...
ohhh comen
Spy
having fun ^^
spy checking?
ಠ_ಠ﻿
come on
!pokemon
so what's goin on over here?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: the divorce is coming
YEP.
The weirdist thing happened to me at school today
any one done SuperBrony64 and cows yet for the love meter?
wat
but they all came from the base...how could there be a spy there?
I'm back after my nom on toast...:P
its been a while
@sexymeter
6You are 25% sexy.
hey TheRainbowDash!
@pokemon
!lovemeter Meanwhile Trixie
F-
Oh look.
Hi TheRainbowDash!
CloverMuffins: Oh, I never seen you in a while!:)
A classmate in my 4th period ask if she could touch my hair :P
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1372/
!sexymeter otakon
lol
@pony
12RX-78-MewBot is 14Hoity-15Toity
no
@pokemon
That_British_Guy: That's creepy
lol
@lovemeter otakon Meanwhile
13 otakon and Meanwhile are 54% in love.
-_______-
i know ;_;
kirzstryfe, i'm guessing your brightness or contrast is set extremely high, then. I've mine set to nVIDIA/THX averages for image editing, but it *does* appear black on dark grey if I increase those settings.
Been using a new shampoo or the likes?
lol
bugger all
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: So my shipfic was over 50% accurate,
Stave it off, 1 2 3, and now you can count to three
Moo o3o
@moustachemeter Meanwhile
really you leave trixie for otakon ?
TheRainbowDash: yeah, I've been doing... stuff xd but I'm done with everything and now I'm here ;D
@sexymeter otakon
Bah.
@pokemon
@Shipmeter otakon
6 otakon is 39% Ship. (1063)
6 3 9
-able
CloverMuffins: What do you mean by ....stuff?:D
@pony
12Nyria is 11Photofin15ish
Da magicks.
TheRainbowDash: school stuff :p
LunaTheSpitfire: try @Shippablemeter otakon next time
Well she did say it was "Silky" ;)
I know
Woah, the choral version of Creep from the Social Network soundtrack is epic.
Darn.
CloverMuffins: I thought otherwise.
the shit?
@pokemon
@pokemon
3Muzik love is in bloom
DashWithRainbows: leave my beard out of this!
TheRainbowDash: what did you think? ;p
@lovemeter Meanwhile Trixie
3hmmm
13 Meanwhile and Trixie are 94% in love.
otakon NEVA.
Yeeeees
ScootaRapidash: my beard remember
3dat
Balls.
I though otakon's beard was Casper
Ahahah
Casper the friendly Beard
SCREENCAP DAMMIT SCREENCPA!
Screeeeeeeeeeencap
YES.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: screen cap lika madman
@pokemon
SCREEEEEEEEEEENCAP
CloverMuffins: ....far beyond apporpaite standards.:D"
(getting drunk probably :D)
Okay internet is starting to freak out~ Take this as me saying bai, so yeah ta ta everyone~
@pokemon
/me hugs Nyria
bye Nyria call your ISP!
@pokemon
cya Nyria '
12 Fearowhile is a/an 13 Ralts
Bye Nyria~
Im drunk :)
CloverMuffins: I thought that too!
The hell is that?
Ok yea im very new and i saw whats on air xD
bye Nyria ^_^
A wild buffer appears
Fearowhile: First form of Gardevoir
/me hugs LunaTheSpitfire back~
as soon as i come back
Bye Nyria ^_^
TheRainbowDash: me? beyond appropriate? ...never!
BUCK U HATERS
someone do love meter with SuperBrony64 and cows..i wanna see that
QUICKLY ACTIVE THE ANTI HATERS SHIELD
@lovemeter SuperBrony64 cows
13 SuperBrony64 and cows are 56% in love.
who be hatting?
aww
@pokemon
7 LunaTheSpitfire is a/an 1 Caterpie
who?
A what.....
Nope
hatting...lol
Caterpie
CloverMuffins: ...we had that chat...yes, you did some of that stuf-you know what, nevermind.:)
LunaTheSpitfire: you are NOTHING aparently
LunaTheSpitfire: your a missingNO!
hatting?
What's this? Raltswhile is evolving!
A NOTHING
LunaTheSpitfire you shall become butterfree SOON.
NOTHING AT ALL
XD
!pokemon
hats...*drools*
Again?
I BE A BEAUTIFUL BUTTAFWEE
@pokemon
7 Shamroc is a/an 5 Torkoal
Omg wow love the Love Is in Bloom Piano/Instrumental Cover
Also welcome to the herd/bronystate/both/neither KaitoThePony
!pony
@pokemon
im nervious guys
!pokemon
AHA! turtl
LunaTheSpitfire: u so silly :3
e
TheRainbowDash: oh that... yyeeahh... xd
really
Hats > Cider
:3
dead
Why is MLP FIM so awesome...
What's this? Kirliawhile is hacking the evolution chart!
<3
daaaamn brb
CCCP: hai! what are you nervous about?
What's wrong CCCP?
ummmm
Because ponies
^
i dont know
@pokemon
8 LunaTheSpitfire is a/an 13 Mothim
/me evolved.
:P
A mothim>
?
hiya That_British_Guy
Uhh...
i need
I remember what it looks like...
@pokemon
so, who here feels pony today?
Anypony hisitated at first watching MLP FIM for the first time?
!pokemon
I feel pony.
not its pre-evolution.
@pokemon
I feel like I'm gonna fail school this semester, so I'm a bit nervous too xd
hesitated*
Wait, which one was Hypno?
Me too :(
Caterpie evolved into Mothim
Yes had that experience yesterday
ScootaHypno REALLY!?
PwNIES: nope, I watch Adventure Time and Regular Show.
I feel pretty pony otakon
@pokemon
9 Shamroc is a/an 1 Gyarados
when i started
1 month left
FUKKEN REALLY?!
ERgnoibgnoie
Im not sure what to do
Gyarados
;_;
derp it did it again
Oh gosh
Dat Gyarados.
DashWithRainbows: Oh wait, Drowzee's evolution
Ugh, I wanna try and make a comic too... but I'm not funny enough to come up with a witty punchline :(
Good girl.
I see nothing
I laughed at MLP FiM for the first time I was gonna watch it
otakon: as do i
@pokemon
Shamroc, you're a Gyrados....
it's black
DashWithRainbows: FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF-
@pokemon
THAT'S IT.
Watched it for a few seconds looking for flaws
Shamroc: you lucky bastard
!girlmeter ScootaChicken
@pokemon
CCCP just relax, keep it cool, and what ever you do....DO NOT FREAK OUT!
..well if you need me im gonna be gyradosin it up somewhere
F
ScootaHypno GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG-
@girlmeter ScootaChicken
6 ScootaChicken is 7% girl. (1065)
ScootaHypno: it's @ remember?
Little did I know that I was being sucked in a black hole -.-
YOU'RE SHITTING ME
ok ok ok
@pony
12SpitfireTheMothim is 10Sni5ps
Still more than it should be.
and bam
I remember I used to get like three legendaries in a row
@pony
otakon: ! still works.
Dead
well, that's surprising
ohai pinkydash
Lol whats uo with the on air?
yeah... just stop giving a buck CCCP :D
That's the second time I've had snips
black hole of awesomeness
I ended up watching the whole season in 2 days
!whinymeter ScootaHypno
I MISSED YOU
ikr
Im just really nervous in fact i need to go off this site for a sec
yeah it works
@pokemon
T_T
@pony
12pinkydash is 7Mr Br15eezy
Ouch
@calc 0/0
who's mr breezy >_>
3heheh
otakon: Oh wait, ! only shows up for yourself.
I find it fummy that it looks like :) is playing
Hellllllllllooooooooooooo TheRainbowDash!
I'd feel better about this if Gardevoir didn't wear a dress.
3@calc Fish-Fish
6 Fish-Fish = 0
Arbok backwards is cobra, but with a k.
3:3
@pokemon SlurryMoon
the fuck did it say?
@epicmeter Finale
6 Finale is 68% epic. (1067)
@pokemon
I disagree
Dark92Enigma: Hello!:)
Anyone have a good reason why MLP FiM should live on?
...
So what's Muk backwards, but with a 'K'?
:>
@girlmeter ScootaChicken
Because it's a good show.
meh
Agreed
How about a reason why it shouldent?
oim ok no
@Jennifermeter ScootaChicken
wnow*
So in the future when holograms rule there will be MLP
DAMMIT MAN! I was drinking coffee!
@girlmeter ScootaChicken
Gawd dang it.
6 ScootaChicken is 71% girl. (1070)
FFFF-
Hah^
@pokemon
:P:
lol
THIS IS BULLSHIT
LOL
/me huggles LunaTheBeloved
Anypony hoping for more seasons :D?
AHAHAHAHA
oooooooooh
/me huggles SlurryMoon
Forever!
4ever
CCCP: are you sure you're ok? :D
WE'RE DOING THIS AGAIN
@sexymeter LunaTheBeloved
fah evah
@girlmeter ScootaChicken
6 ScootaChicken is 22% girl. (1071)
3heheh~
KaitoThePony She's looking for every single trick in the TF2 book.
CloverMuffins: no im not
lawl
3Love ya, Hon x3
THERE WE GO.
Sad there is no confirmation on season 4 yet
Love you too!
hmm
heresmy perdiction there will be infinate seasons
CCCP: can I help?
what
!pokemon
lol
@pokemon
13 ScootaHypno is a/an 4 Trapinch
I get a kick out of this place
lol
eww
LOL
There is no confirmation on season 4 yet
!pokemon
Nick, you are a 13Regirock.
ScootaTRAP
Lolz
XD
Because jailbait
@moustachemeter Meanwhile
Only season 3 so far
6 Meanwhile is 29% moustache. (1072)
CloverMuffins: yes if u have a hiding place from the police
lies
BULL
ScootaHypno: isn't that the one that looks like a girl with a flytrap for a head?
It's a trap!
I await the rage it brings
of hair?
They better add more seasons :I
@pokemon
11,01Confirming a season ahead of a season that hasn't aired is one hell of a bet.
PwNIES ForrrrrrrrrrrrrEEEEEEEEEver (That's 4 forevers with this one........that's like FOREVER)
@pokemon
Give it a little time. They haven't even ordered the back 13 episodes of S3 yet.
:/
who is playing that?
@awesomemeter Season 2
WHAT HAPPENED TO MY HAX?!?!?
@sexymeter LunaTheBeloved
6LunaTheBeloved is 53% sexy.
CCCP: sure, come on over, you can hide at my place ;D
otakon it's a ground type pokemon that evolves into Vibrava and then Flygon <3
LOL DARK
Eh.....
lol
of course it breaks for me
/me hugs CloverMuffins
@awesomemeter Season_2
3heheh
LunaTheBeloved: its broken
:)
3more like 100% sexy
It is....
YOLO
@pokemon
Yeah
/me hugs CCCP back
DashWithRainbows: oh.....it looks like that flower from Super Mario World
YES
Huggies!!!
@pokemon
@pony
@sexymeter ScootaChicken
12pinkydash is 5Little Strong7heart
HASBRO U BETTER ADD MORE SEASON I DON'T WANNA WATCH SHITTY CARE BEARS RIP OFF
Freaking heavies
THERE WE GO
dat legendary
<3
Spah
@sexymeter ScootaChicken
:D
6ScootaChicken is 94% sexy.
@bestpony Pinkydash
6% Jailbait.
PwNIES: what if the care bear thing is good?
mmm yeah.
Too bad he's underage.
Aw hell, now I know its broken
I got a hunch that there WILL be a season 4.....this show is just too good to be short-lived!!!
shuddup all of you.
I'll jsut turn away
no worries PwNIES, FiM will never ever end :P
11,01It's like planning a trilogy out of a movie that just showed.
ScootaHypno Naw.
CCCP: Pff what the hell are you saying
doitagain :3
@pokemon
15 LunaTheBeloved is a/an 4 Happiny
what if instead of ponies we liked care bears?
I'd rather watch fan made pony videos than care bears
LunaTheBeloved: SO CUTE!
f
A Happiny?
^that
3pre-evolution to Chansey
screw care bears!
Okay I drew Heavy Weapons Pony! http://fav.me/d4xrwto
05oh well
Evolves into Chansey I think.
05thats it for me
I <3 ColdPlay :)
never gonna happen
YES!
11,01Bro bears.
05hoep ya liked
gimme ma ponies ^_^
I mean come on guys most of us thought FIM would duck before we actually saw it
Care bears are good
suck*
For burning
Thank you very much Wrek|Observing! :)
lol
@pokemon
@sexymeter Meanwhile
13 DashWithRainbows is a/an 5 Rhydon
Was glorious, Wrek|Observing
6Meanwhile is 94% sexy.
I'm so cute~
LunaTheHappiny: aka one of the cutest things eva
Ponies and Carebears
...
Heh.
A fucking combo that is not meant to be
Another bad pokemon ;_;
@pokemon
wait, was something on stream? I got a black screen :S
DAT Twily
@pokemon
it says my nickname was in use......odd
3http://cdn.bulbagarden.net/media/upload/thumb/3/3c/Brock_Happiny.png/220px-Brock_Happiny.png
@pokemon
Wrek /)
@pokemon
3Happiny^
Night everypony. Nice drawing Biglaw.
@cutemeter LunaTheHappiny
@pokemon
Tata Zappy
!pokemon
Leeeeeerooooooy
Give me a fukken Latios ;A;
gnite Zappy
D'awwww
@pokemon
Thanks And good night Zappy
nother clefable?
I'm screencapping pretty much all of these Magnet percentages by the way.
Hah.
@cutemeter LunaTheHappiny
6 LunaTheHappiny is 3% cute. (1077)
Loading ur art Biglaw
2,14 well, I think it's time for me to start setting up
LOL
Clefable, Clefable everywhere.
LIES.
: '(
3LIES
you hear that hasbro...we want the show to never end
LIES AND SLANDER.
/me plays Doomsday Zone
yay
THE HELL!?
Cool PwNIES
LunaTheHappiny: it is SO BROKE!
NO
@pokemon
TREASON
ValtheJean! hai :D
See you all at movie night!
/me huggles LunaTheHappiny tight
LUNA IS A HAPPINY, IT IS NOT POSSIBLE.
ahahahah
00,03Val is in the house!
In 12 seconds flat
PwNIES if there was an actual crossover between them, then the ponies had to go under the CGI effect, and viceversa
yay!
:D
@pokemon
3http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qkw16CheawA
8 Shamroc is a/an 1 Cranidos
Scoot-Scootaloo: you're too! HAI
Hiya ValtheJean.
ValtheJean: more Red Dwarf perhaps?
/me huggles SlurryMoon
again its black..
Shamroc is a missingNo
3This song is exactly what I feel would fit this chat best
SCREW CAEBEARS PONIES FOREVER
2,14 hello everyone
when exactly is it?
Wrek|Observing: thanks for the stream mate, appreciated!
omg I came here at the right time :D
2,14 and you'll see otakon
Hey there ValtheJean
SlurryMoon: No video links during stream derp de der
WHAZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAP
math
Cranidos
ahgh i hate math
@pokemon
@pokemon
CCCP: hoentsly, i wouldve Never watch the show if i was shown the show First.... but lucky for me "Intensive Pony Unit"'s -hate- comments sparked my interests
Shamroc, you are a Cranidos
LunaTheHappiny hmm?
hello ValtheJean how are you today? and I don't like the way you said "you'll see"
>.<
I r a mod foar gr7 justice
Doomsday zone is best zone
ohh? what we doing now?
PONIES FOREVER
3No backseat modding
...
Danger: ValtheJean is getting ready to stream
@pokemon
SlurryMoon: But it's fun ;__;
@pokemon
O_O"
also I disagree I think danger zone is best zone
I like my current pokemon.
@pokemon
@pony
LunaTheHappiny: i like that much better than gyrados
12LunaTheHappiny is 5Little Strong7heart
3Next one, you will be banned from life
@pokemon
RaveBrony: hmmm lol
3From life
Danger: best Sonic OST
ScootaHypno I herd u r a pretty kewl gai, u r jailbait and doesn't afraid of anything.
3I will come to your house and ban you
also LunaTheHappiny..i feel stupid...how do i change thy name again?
dafuq?
Damnit let me change out of my dress.
wait why is my name only danger it's suppose to be danger smoog
@pokemon
Project chaos remix of doomsday zone is best music
@pokemon
ughh oh well.
mfw SlurryMoon knows where I live
Shamroc, /nick *Desired Nick*
@pokemon
@pokemon
0 ScootaHypno is a/an 2 Ditto
3indeed
Still, FiM will last forever, they have become timeless, just like The Muppets or The Simpsons......their popularity is STILL GROWING
@pony
12TheGreatAndPowerfulT is 7Mr Br15eezy
AMV coming
dat ditto
oh god
NOOOOOOO
05becasue you can have " " in your name
ScootaDitto...... heheh
backward!?
ScootaDitto Now you can finally look like a boy!
Heheh
3now ScootaDitto is every pokemon
can someone kick me?
@pokemon
Not that bot again
WINTER WRAP UP.............Backwards?
awawaawawawawqa
When did rubberfruit get here?
allso this would be awesome with transcribe
@pokemon
DashWithRainbows: FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF-
@calc chance that everypony came
6 chance that everypony came = 0
Spring wrap up
@pokemon
DERPY
5 Gardewhile is a/an 14 Weezing
LIEs
sacknamooch
:/
3heheh
@pokemon
I CAME.
Fml.
In before paul is dead.
Heheh
I CAME.
SDRAWKCAB
LOL WTF?
EVERYWHERE.
hahaha
OMG
ALL OVER CHAT.
pupraW retniW
Meanwehezing
WTF
thx
@pony
/me coughs.
12TheGreatAndPowerfulT is 7Mr Br15eezy
ON AN ASS INTO THE HOLY CITY.
this sounds like a japanese musical
WE HAVE TO GO BACK
@pony
twice
ahahahahahah
@pokemon
:o
@pokemon SlurryMoon
lol
@pokemon
@pokemon
oops my bad, it's Doomsday Zone remix
@pokemon SlurryMoon
@pokemon
@pokemon
Actual line from a Passion play we did at school.
PonyCeption!!!!!!!!
Winter Set Up? :o
3:l
Sounds like India language XD
PCCC sekil siht!!!!!!!!!!
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
:3
It is papyrus, that's what I hear
Omg this is messed up XD
if u listen it sounds like "we are the navy blues!!!!"
05i heard you are guilty
@pokemon
I think I heard rape somewhere
MAGIC SNOW
"Give your soul to Lucifer"
omfg
@pokemon
In Soviet Russia, MUSIC sing YOU!
CLEAR AS DAY
@pokemon
Also, hai everyone
wut has people been doing :I
@pokemon
lol
Crazy ear worms
hey CupcakeWarrior do you like rap and funny videos?
i ekil yadot
I heard octavia is heavy!
Entei!!!!
mOON WALK
play rebbeca black friday ear rape edition
YESH
00,03I heard "Here's to my sweet Satan"
:3
Moonwalk
holy cow
Steal the food
00,03Oh wait, wrong song!
Hentei
>cow
I've seen enough Entei to know where that's going
Oh heck....
lol
Moo
/me wants to shoot zombies
Lol!!
I think I heard someone say "Admiral Ackbar"
Meanweezing: dat herdmind
@pokemon
imma keep this one
it said "buid my flutter" creepy
ITS A TRAP
Everyday I'm moonwalkin'
@lovemeter otakon The_kitchen_sink
13 otakon and The_kitchen_sink are 61% in love.
:3
guide*
@cutemeter LunaTheHappiny
@pokemon
3 RX-78-MewBot is a/an 0 Mothim
nother mothim..
rai cheese i heard
bILLIE JEAN is not my lover!
hey kirzstryfe do u have a PS3?
dat rewind
Oh
siht si yllautca doog!!!!!!!
Brb guys
05moot
Spawn clouds
@pony
12TheGreatAndPowerfulT is 8Apple Bl4oom
goddammit STOP SHIPPING ME!
@pokemon
@pokemon
@pokemon
ohh come on
Ill stick with mew over mothim
1,3yes, why?
Sing your momma?
they going to eat them clouds
@pokemon
@pokemon
4 Meanweezing is a/an 7 Drapion
I think i heard "praise raam"
danigt Meanweezing
haha sing your momma
DR. WHOOVES
@pony
This reminds me to the good old days of VHS....anypony? :D
lozzle rockets
Idek what that is.
eeyup
omfg
@pokemon
I heard Tim repetedly
Wrek|Observing: thanks again mate for the stream
kirzstryfe: if you want to we can play some Nazi Zombies here in a bit
wtf livestream
Flare is gone! Bye.
MFW I hear "Sue you in the butt"
yudothistome
sammy wears lipstick??
Drapionwhile it's a scorpian thing.
ValtheJean: you start with this insanity?
@pokemon
Twily Moonwalk!
Yeah, I looked it up.
1,3meant L4D2 :p
2,14 hueheheeheheeheeh
@pokemon
9 Shamroc is a/an 15 Mothim
if we know Val... there will be some YTP
It kind of sounds like russian to me
Drapions are awesome
NOTHER MOTHIM!
Its like listening to VAGINEERS Family :P
00,03I hear a lot of French words...
05its cool otakon, my pleasure.
MOAR MOTHIM
The MANY joys as a child to watch and laugh at rewinding VHS :)
seer the homassa
this is a normal day on mlp
Is this the real life! Is this just fantasy?
Mothim is now god.
mers lol]
moar
MOTHIM FOR THE MOTHIM GODS
2,14 okay, now for a test. Let's see if that new cable I bought will work
Mothim is your god now
Bring it your virgins.
kirzstryfe: awwwww... alrighty... i still despirately want that game :(
Wrek|Observing: have fun, don't stress!
Memories :)
@pokemon
7 RX-78-MewBot is a/an 2 Swinub
/me bring Mothim ScootaDitto
LYRA!
it sounds like she's speaking indian....
brings*
STRESS STRESS STRESS :D
Pfft. Swinub.
hi lyra
>_>
dat mlp live on the side there
In soviet russia............Music sings you!
@pokemon
That even sounds stupid.
05so anyone wanna buy a comission for 40$? the money will go to a WLF shirt for my potential visit to BUCK
Yay my chat refresh button works again! :)
@pokemon
Oh god no
not the live show
darnit why cant i get the timing right
@pokemon
12 DashWithRainbows is a/an 2 Clamperl
FFFFFFFFff
Wait.
00,03Live Show! :D
I can become Huntail...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=baBc-4235gQ
Wrek|Observing: ask me in three months when I get my GST :P
I don't have 40$....
Everything went better than expected.
CupCakeWarrior............NOT THE LIVE SHOW, PLEASE DON'T!
your a Clam DashWithRainbows
@pokemon
Wrek|Observing: I wish i had teh monehz :(
@pokemon
@pokemon
@pokemon
Shamroc I CAN DREAM/
wrek if i give you $50 will u draw me a pic
ish back
@pokemon
5 million money
1 ScootaDitto is a/an 1 Blissey
whos streaming?
NOPE
kirzstryfe: Enjoy L4D2
Lawl.
XD
dat completle blackness
Oh god.
Blissy
lol
hurk
05remember i have limits JRP2234.
Scoots your a Blissey
ValtheJean: please no more trolling, please!
@pony
Fukken Blissy.
12TheGreatAndPowerfulT is 10Trix11ie
Hazard: ValtheJean is
Yeeeeeeeeeaahhh
Moar trolling
@pokemon
Pfft.
makes ALL THE SENSE
2,14 getting the sound to work
otakon: Y u say this? :D
2,14 gimme a second
@pokmeon
@pokemon
MAOR lO
6 RX-78-MewBot is a/an 2 Mareep
:O
dat top left corner
I'm ok with Drapion tbh.
00,03xbox people are best people~
lol
all the tolling ALL OF IT!!!
otakon: is he taking suggestions?
lol ValtheJean playsome g1!
0_0
ah XD
Poison/dark and big enough to break cars.
Scoot-Scootaloo Lies. Everypeople are best people.
I have an xbox and I'm playing it right now
BONZAI!
@pokemon
/me gets on his knees " ValtheJean PLEASE NO MORE TROLLING!"
00,03Val is going to show us a surprise....
Mareep evolves into a cool thing.... but not better than mew
^
@pokemon
YAY!
Hazard: I don't think so, but you could ask.
now i only need a decent pokemon
otakon: Fuck You Val Does What Val Wants
ValtheJean You best be showing sea ponies.
G1 :)
@pony
12Drapionwhile is 5Chief Thund11erho15oves
Back
@pokemon
TROLOLOLO.....oH WAIT, Why don't you stream the Trololo guy, Edvard gil?
1 Shamroc is a/an 9 Stantler
Slightly NSFW Derpy: http://i.imgur.com/7B89T.jpg
pyrocatboy: Lol! :D
I LIEK SURPRISES
/me is listening to a remix of the Sonic and Knuckles robotnik boss theme
dat deere
Stantlerock
Seaponies are mainstream. The Smooze is where it's at.
Renard lol
@pokemon
05doesnt work like that Renard
@pokemon
@pokemon
Or Shamtler
i need to watch sumthing on stream im sooo paranoid
05stop tryign to get yourself banned
hella funny
Drapionwhile: trin to get somthing in particular
@pokemon
@pokemon SlurryMoon
bye everypony
@pokemon
2 RX-78-MewBot is a/an 9 Manaphy
OOOOOooooohhhh LALALA laaaa la la......EYEYEYEYEYEYEEYEYEEEE hohohoooooo
nope
cya later
The lava reef zone remix sucks
Nice
TROLOLOLO
Cool
bwy
by
3hm
It sounds nothing like Lava Reef
bye
bie
Wrek|Observing: they were just wrestling and derpy won
You got manaphy...You get kawaii pokemanz.
lol
3@pokemon
SHIIIIIIIIIIT
aaaahhhh
bye PwNIES
@pony SlurryMoon
MAH EARS
6 SlurryMoon is 8Mr a7nd 11Mrs C13ake
Renard: honestly not really, but check with mods before hand if you are not sure about a picture
@pokemon
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA MY EARS
H MY EARS
RIP headphones
00,03Well, we got the sound...
the hell?
3cool
RIP headphones
MY EARS
CYA LATER EVERYPONY
WTH
ow
MOTHER OF GOD
SlurryMoon is people
DEAR GOD!
holy hell!!!
@pokemon
13 DashWithRainbows is a/an 6 Gloom
x_X
00,03OH SHI-
RIP my headphones...
SHHHHHHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIT
it's SRW!
BAi PWnIES
Whoa what game is this Val?
^_^
But am people SlurryMoon ponies?
and dafuq
HELL YES!
3heheh
Another bad pokemanz fer me.
R.I.P. headphone user
00,03Could it be his PSP works?
/me 's head explodes
Now you owe me a new heart!
@pokemon
ScootaDitto come here, I want to drool on you.
@pokemon
why was i kicked?
05way to go otakon.
Jesus H Crimbles. My ears...
@pokemon
WHAT BE THIS STRANGE LANGUAGE ON THE STREAM?!
Goddamit Wrek|Observing CHANGE BACK!
@pokemon
Could this be......?
GIVE ME A HEART ATTACK WHY DON'T YOU!
darnit all
@pokemon SlurryMoon
@pokemon
@pokemon
Im going to possibly go into hiding guys
DashWithRainbows: You can't, I'm jailbait.
LOUDER!
05KaitoThePony read the damned message, you go t autokicked
1,3ValtheJean, loud and getting echo
@pokemon SlurryMoon
alright bye CCCP
ScootaDitto Dat ain't gunna stop me...
And I have it at minimum volume and it's super loud
what the fuuu...
@pokemon SlurryMoon
2,14 yeah...I'm working on it
Sounds like Cyborg 009
/me licks his lips
why :(
bye CCCP take care man
Hazard: im not actually leaving
@pokemon
I WANNA BE A BANNETE!
i read some
CCCP alright
How are you supposed to read that Val?
05KaitoThePony was kicked by Wrek|Observing (You were Wreked for sending 5 messages in 10 seconds. (BOOM HEADSHOT))
@pokemon SlurryMoon
3@pokemon
@pokemon
Well, this channel is now very active ^.^
3@pokemon
@pokemon SlurryMoon
6 SlurryMoon is a/an 13 Hoothoot
@pokemon SlurryMoon
dat hoothoot
oh gawd
05read the whole thign and you would have understood
There we go
3Hoothoot
:D
Im just going to go into hiding in REAL life
3cool :3
CCCP do u have a PS3 and if so do you want to play COD with me?
Heheh
KaitoThePony: bc Wrek likes to kick people extra early
3I'm an owl
2,14 okay, is the echo gone?
Bye CCCP take care, spike your hair WOO WOO WOO You know it, Brony!!!!
my past legendaries that i have gotten with this bot include but are not limited to, Deoxys, Latios, Dakrai, Ho-oh, Mew, Porygon2 (if that counts) Jirachi, Regigigas, Shaymin, Dialga, and Lugia XD
ohhh man he got "wreked"
00,03Needs more Wombo Combo
/me keeps his head down while Wrek|Observing is in the stream
the sound is gone
Hazard: sorry i dont have a PS3 ;_;
@pokemon
030
ValtheJean no sound
00,03Sound is gone
CCCP damn :(
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2188/ mfw the sound blazed
@pokemon
2,14 no sound? Interesting...
Dark92Enigma: im not leaving!
2,14 one sec
Val, how can you play this game? All I see is moonspeak
@pokemon
i kept putting typos
9 Drapionwhile is a/an 10 Latias
FFFF
Nice
/me hugs Hazard
YOU GOT ONE OF MAH FAVS
oooo
goibewoig
@pokemon Arentius
/me hugs CCCP
:)
Da fudge is a Latias.
00,03Val probably has a dictionary~
2,14 is that better?
on my first day i get kicked 2 times >3>
CCCP sorry, who was saying goodbye, then?
Banned banned banned you must be banned for anything pre g4
Latias is a leendary
ya
a female legendary
AHHH!!!
FFFFUUUUUU
OH GOD DAMN IT
SWEET FILLY JEBUS
OH GOD!
Drapionwhile Red eon pokemon
val is that your pasp
@pokemon Arentius
12 Arentius is a/an 15 Floatzel
Still very loud ValtheJean.:O
???
DEAR GOD!
2,14 yes, it's my PSP
PSP*
MY EARS!
@pokemon
2,14 that's loud?
audio is clipping bad
Dark92Enigma: it was actually a misunderstanding no one was leaving
it's even LOUDER!
MY LEG!!!!!!!!! I mean MY EARS!
Male version is blue and is called Latios. My fukken favorite pokemanz
MFW http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3977/
2,14 better?
@pokemon
ValtheJean, turn it down on the psp
better
05inb4 more spamkicks
ValtheJean: I got my volume turned to near 0, and it is busting my ears!:D
ValtheJean: it's like twice as loud as it was before
I'm pretty, oh so pretty~
@pokemon
00,03Maybe you cn try Lowering your volume, everypony?
ValtheJean: CFW?
now its quiet though
CCCP Oh, OK then.....
darnit
@pokemon
@pokemon
@pokemon
@pokemon
:)
We're just gonna go til everyone is legendary arent we.....
2,14 well, now you can turn it up, right?
ValtheJean: How can you play this game?
ValtheJean: there you go
It's fine now.
Yep.
...i dont wanna be a ladybug
@pokemon
Much better, don't you think?
2,14 okay
@pokemon
Phase4: PS3?
First one to count down from 5 wins?
is that ssb music??
much better
2,14 now lets watch some robots
RX-78-ManaphyBot: im tryin to get bannette
@pokemon
it's still loud on 1 bar of mips but it's bearable now
Well im already Entei, i guess i could stop
Oh I don't mind the volume it just keeps sneaking up on me
@pokemon
@pokemon
iammrcrap: it's SRW
Hazard, /
00,03Ladies and Gentlemen, this is...
@pokemon
?'
@pokemon
ValtheJean: CFW?
00,03METAL WOLF!
Is bannette a ghost pokemon?
@pokemanz
doing stealt attacks on my eardrums
@pokemon
15 TheGreatAndPowerfulT is a/an 1 Venomoth
Sparta?
@pokemon
like an assasin.
@pokemon
Phase4: got one?
YES!
Is this Super Robot Wars?
nothing makes sense
Venomth
Hazard, i have a broken one
^
wich one is that i forgot
RX-78-ManaphyBot: yeah its a ghost doll that i freakin LOVE
@Spammeter RegularsRoom
6 RegularsRoom is 80% Spam. (1080)
@poketomonstahhh
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
D:
I cant speak Japanese :(
So true.
dat spam
ah, then I do remember which one it is
LunaTheHappiny Needs moar spam
ValtheJean: PLEASE tell me you have Gurren Lagann in here
@pony Meanwhile
6 Meanwhile is 7Mr Br15eezy
YES!
oh i have to say i did read it all i did not understand it
@pokemon
kk
I SEE GURREN LAGANN!
lies, this is at least 90% spam
@pokemon
@pony
15 Shamroc is a/an 12 Chikorita
Woah
Lolz
....>DARNIT
Giant robo heads
I DONT SPEAK JAPANESE... I speak Applenese
Is this Gundam?
ValtheJean: link to cable
@Lovemeter SlurryMoon LunaTheBeloved
/me pulls up a chair
srry just confuzzled on my first day
shiet
http://smallbiztechnology.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/spamReg.png
What's this game?
@pony
Wut
/me shuffles through chat.
LemonLime: it's Super Robot Wars Z2 I think
There's some spam
Here we go
@pokemon
this is gonna be good
KaitoThePony: welcome!
00,03You are the president of the United States, and the Vice President decided to kick you out... with ROBOTS!
-which is hard to do when you levitate.
11,01I speak words.
@pokemon
@pony
12Phase4 is 14Hoity-15Toity
:<
@pokemon
10 Shamroc is a/an 7 Clefable
DashWithRainbows: now I m hungry
I've missed being able to hang out in a channel with people that I all know and like ^_^
nother clefable
/me waits for everyone to get legendaries
Love you guys!
@calc LVL_of_Spam
11,01Scoots: Impeachment X!
6 LVL_of_Spam = 0
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-casual-fans-vs-bronies.jpg
/me hugs ScootaDitto
ValtheJean: what is the cable called?
Except for DashWithRainbows.
When you leave ScootaChicken I'll be able to say that.
Nittany_Discord: What words does doth speak?
i feel the same way
;_;
I have been having a bad first day 6_9
@Pokemon Lasharus
I'll never be a legendary.
Latiaswhile: dick move.
Dude
brb again
Metal Wolf Chaos FTW Scoot-Scootaloo :D
moving in formation, good plan
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1914/
KaitoThePony: a bad first day with wut?
DashWithRainbows is a cool guy. dont hate
11,01Words people around me can usually understand.
why KaitoThePony?
@pokemon
7 Shamroc is a/an 14 Skitty
BIG O! SHOW TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WOO THAT WORKS
ScootaDitto: "If Meanwhile is still here, your favourite pony is on screen"
It's Clobberin' time!!!
BIG O!
Sound familiar?
You bastard.
:)
I kept getting kicked because i was confuzzled
Im surprised Val even knows what he is doing
Scoot-Scootaloo: I wanted that game so much when i first saw it... Metal Wolf Chaos...
Latiaswhile: XD
@pokemon
BIG O! GO FOR IT!
KaitoThePony: awww :(
oh dammit, visual lag
DashWithRainbows: ah, one of dari's offspring i see?
OH SNAP!
00,03Wait.. this ISN'T Metal Wolf Chaos?
damn!
hi, again.
KaitoThePony: there are rules
2,14 aha....that's what I was afraid of
Admit that was fucking hilarious.
also, super robot wars?
dat crash
DAMN! nearly one hit!
:/
awks
ValtheJean: what is the cable called?
Scoot-Scootaloo: lol, no its Super Robot Wars Z2 i think
That's awkward.
ValtheJean: it's too much awesome
He's my next victim don't ya know.
the wreck thingy
@pokemon
0 TheGreatAndPowerfulT is a/an 5 Trapinch
..cant morph Skitty and Shamroc...any one got an idea?
that game is expensive as hell though xD
2,14 so instead, I have something else prepared
ded
00,03Aw man :(
simply TOO MUCH AWESOME!
oooh another surprise
ValtheJean: oh by the gods...
!pokemon
KaitoThePony: http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
Wait, does that mean that dari's the youngest mod?
the sand ant i think ?
Lyra
Lyra!
or is that LC
Lyra
Skittyroc?
/me prepares for upcoming trolling
00,03Lyra OUT OF BUCKING NOWHERE!
Bitch please, you come to Reading adn you'll get stabbed before you find me
I think LC is.
JESUS
Too much awesomness for this stream
i read em
LC is yungest
ValtheJean: I weep at the loss of awesome, but oh well
I'm youngest, pretty sure.
hes barely older than me
0.0 LOUD lol
GAH
00,03dat black screen of doom
PSP>Vita
dat sound so familiar
by one week in fact
THE AUDIENCE IS NOW DEAF
2,14 yeah, oh well
I hear sound, but there is only Caramel.
ValtheJean: ask NewDCD what he does to get his smooth
2,14 one day I'll figure out how to get SRW working
@pokemon
What month is LC born in?
0 Shamroc is a/an 9 Porygon-z
June
6th of July 95 is my birthday
im good with that
What's next : SEGA
caramel has no fucks to give
Since Nyria left this channel I'm the youngest here
Val is this pspdisp?
Wait hang on
Yep. dari is jailbait mod.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3585/
I miss my psp so much better than the ds
SSSSSEEEEEEEEEEEGGGGGGGGAAAA
Wait...
Why don't you guys call Nyria jailbait?
LOUDNESS
Yes!!!!
He's younger than me!
GOD OF WAR!
00,03One day, I'll figure out how to sing with music...
dat trombone
Im older than prince dari XD
HHHHNNNNNNGGGGGGG
Because that's your title.
its clipping again
lozzle rockets
DashWithRainbows: Dari's 16, not jailbait.
argh mein EARS!
@pokemon
12 DashWithRainbows is a/an 12 Muk
yayyy
Well, not for us.
11,01One day, I'll figure out things.
ValtheJean: what cable is it
Mother of God, I'm 3 years older than dari?
00,03Dat BOOM
woah
Kum...
T_T
00,03dem lines~
ValtheJean: turn the volume of your PSP down to minimum I think
Lol spem.
Why does that make me feel like Treebeard?
i really think the feds are after me
woah, what?
LINES
it hurts mai eyes
THIS! IS! GHOST OF SPARTA!
*sperm
I are Kum. All shall fear my gooeyness.
That was awkward.
@Oldmeter Meanwhile
6 Meanwhile is 50% Old. (1081)
I am angry now http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3541/
Lawl Latiaswhile
dat seizure warning
Lol.
there we go
@pokemon
T^T
DashWithRainbows: you are the smooze
Oh, a PSP emulator?
XDDDDD
i have had Epilepsy :(
So how was everypony's day?
I ARE TEH SMOOZE.
... that sound...
Kandarihu: nope, connnection cord
aha!
xDD
BOW BOW BOW BOW BOW BOW
hey
PSP emulator?
i did a joke spam and i was kicked (derp face)
OH GOD!
Okay
Dark92Enigma: no, actual system but connected via cord
oh ya i got this game
DashWithRainbows: when did you become the smooze?
00,03Disclaimer: Bronystate. net is not responsible for any elipsys you may have during ValtheJean's stream
..oh look the spam is gone
Kandarihu: I think this pspdisp, which plays your psp on the computer
YAY
1,3I did a joke kick, and somepony is still whining about it
lol
@pokemon
kirzstryfe: bc they ARE NOT FUNNY DAMMIT
nope
LYRA OUT OF BUCKING NOWHERE!
look at lyra's head lolol
hai Kandarihu
Yes they are
KaitoThePony THIS IS HOW YOU DO A DERP FACE: 6_9
otakon: they are hilarious...
My god kirzstryfe, I saw that kick like half an hour ago.
KaitoThePony: do u have a PS3? if so then do u have COD Black Ops?
Midnight_Tempest: no they aren't
Shamagon-z when I became Kum.
...
i do
Im going to mexico buy!
DashWithRainbows..werid
otakon: you just dont like being kicked by daribot
Kum is the anti spam
ValtheJean: Could you please tell me
Hmm, the HOP command on Iris clears the whole chat buffer
^
Where was Gondor when the regular's channel became spam?
Poseido!
Theyre only funny when the mods are playing russian roulette with their kcking abilities
bye*
KaitoThePony: would u like to play?
Midnight_Tempest: I don't like being kicked
Kratos<Lyra
so therefore...
Anti-spam yet I spam.
@pokemon
5 TheGreatAndPowerfulT is a/an 9 Donphan
Atlantis!
muk = spam
Bye CCCP!
lol glhf CCCP ;p
THE VISISONS
dat vision
Wow, the graphics are really good for PSP
woo God of War
Smooze = Spam
its at my step dads hous :(
Visions of ponies
CCCP you goin to Cancun?
Let us change it!
Smooze is OP
@pokemon
/me hugs TheRainbowDash's and nibbles on her ear.....http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/525/
Visions is the worst song on RB2
Therefore Kum = Smooze.
*house
too OP for spam
dat Athena
@pokemon
KaitoThePony: :O why u tease me :(
00,03I only played Chains of Olympus~
otakon: you will always be kicked, you type to fast for the chat to handle and it must remove you to save itself
im getting away from the feds Biglaw
That_British_Guy: D'aww, you!:)
Smooze are kumtastic
tryin to get bannete
Chat got really weird when I wasn't looking.
@pokemon
2 Shamagon-z is a/an 0 Meditite
and the spam is back
lol That_British_Guy nice pick XD
I dont mean to tease
Latiaswhile: IKR.
pic
CCCP okay then...
Midnight_Tempest: NEVER! I SHALL BEST THE BOTS ONE DAY THIS I SWEAR!
Latiaswhile this is why you never look away.
RX-78-ManaphyBot: just tryin to get a specific
and i just remembered it was mw3 i have i sold black ops
@pokemon
I spose.
Also Latiaswhile, I think I found the video of me announcing your love for Trixie over the microphone.
Shamagon-z: I know ^.^
otakon: the day you do is the day the internet implodes
KaitoThePony: :O
im not very bright
:D
Midnight_Tempest: SO BE IT!
hey guys
Jizes that fighting is insane xD
ScootaDitto: link
RX-78-ManaphyBot: well im good with this name in all honesty
now
hiya 8105 welcome back
right
otakon, you can never stop the mods
@pokemon
any i will whine with pride
10 DashWithRainbows is a/an 0 Tangrowth
now
In before otakon goes Kratos on us all.
Tangrowth...?
lol this game makes you feel like such a bad ass
3DS > PsP
wow, ValtheJean you kick ass
Well kaito will
evolved tangela
its me pony 8105
Hello.
oh hello!
the BEAST!?
Death Battle between Kratos and Master Chief, who wins?
DashWithRainbows: ^
Hiya
Ultimate hentai machine.
Master Chief
No that would be me
Kratos
Just roleplaying as my pony
oh hai pony_8105 .... you should get a name...
Also Tang
lol
Who ever has more fire power
Biglaw: Kratos has killed GODS, Kratos ofc.
oh right, I should watch the new episode of Legend of Korra
Biglaw: Master Chief...i got future on my side!:D
ultimate entei machine >:D
OmegaMetroidBrony: he doesn't want one
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3103/
kratos would destroy master chief
dat blade
@pokemon
12 TheGreatAndPowerfulT is a/an 2 Sandslash
btw that spam was me roleplaying as kaito
my real name is Matthew Nigro
Tentacles...Tentacles everwhere.
Damn
KaitoThePony: Wrek doesnt like roleplaying on the chat
Still.... there needs to be less anon ponies
If I can find it...
I'd make a killing in Japan.
@pokemon
no not wrek
pony_8105: you don't have to use your real name as your nick
ScootaDitto: k ^_^
Kratos vs Seiya! Who would win?
I tab fail alot due to that
@pokemon
Who?
@pokemon
god damn my timing sucks
brb
@pokemon
@pokemon
23 hours
lolwut
no sound?
Oh hai kracken
Kratos vs Dante (Dante's Inferno)
ownd
@pokemon Gabe Newell
I say DAnte
@Pokemon
5 Shamagon-z is a/an 1 Slowbro
Dante*
i said (as kaito) thats not spamming this is! (then i spammed)
XD
cant see
Get back in WoW Yogg Saron
@pony Gabe Newell
6 Gabe Newell is 8Bo12nB13on
of
Slowbro Shamagon-z
course
logic
That explains...well. Nothing actually.
I've seen enough Hentai to know where this is going...
Biglaw: Count Dooku vs. Q
00,03Kratos vs....
@pony
00,03Red!
thosepro dodge rolls
Heya Unnr
Red, no contest.
DESTROY THEM ALL!
@pokemon
Again, Kratos vs Seiya (Saint Seiya/Knights of the Zodiac
Scoot-Scootaloo Red!
Sup again Omegas?
@lovemeter Trixie Meanwhile
13 Trixie and Meanwhile are 99% in love.
Im going to be a good pony that wants to become a singer
Poliswag.
hell naw
YES.
HAH.
OTP.
kill the monsters
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
AW YEAH
and anyone whose read Pokemon Special knows it.
ew
hello
CANON BABY
even though im allready the best
dat tentacle
what game is this
BOSS TIEM
Bow chika bow wow
as if it wasnt already
damn sun
LemonLime: I've seen enough henati
Like a boss!~
ScreeeeenCaaaappppp
Get wombo comboed
Kratos v Box buried in the desert
like a bow-ss
@pokemon
15 DashWithRainbows is a/an 4 Anorith
haha
...
oh shit
FFFFFFFFFFFff
00,03KaitoThePony: I believe the best singer around these parts would be me, thank you very much~
OmegaMetroidBrony: My money is on Kratos
The shit?
So much screencapping up in this chat.
XDDDDDDDD
its just not fair
Kratos vs Jack SParrow
dat Scyilla
uh oh
TV DINNER TIME!
/me blushes
THE KRAKEN!
Scoot-Scootaloo prove it
meh
Kaito is
we regulars
DashWithRainbows: Anorith is awesome
Scoot-Scootaloo: Tis a lie!:D
omg, thanks, day late though ^^;
we cap with class
OmegaMetroidBrony I bet 1 million monies Kratos wins
its teh kraken
Chuck Norris vs Chuck Norris
oh no, it's .........dear god it has tentacle boobs
@pony
12Shamagon-z is 7Mr Br15eezy
are those... boobs?
well he is the best spell singer
Kratos vs Goku, Kinnikuman or Seiya
Swag is for boys, Class is for men.
Roflbot: Scylla was once a woman
...why do i not know who the hell that is
^I SAID THAT
oh the topic was set yesterday lol
Roflbot: I have been scarred now
@pokemon
I was busy lawls
Ew
still
Kratos vs. Science?
00,03WHY? Why would a creature like the Scylia have that?
so horrifying
HELL NAW
KILL IT WITH FIRE
The Hero of Oakvale vs Ezio Auditore
I aint gettin in that dress
Scoot-Scootaloo: she was once a woman
oh god even closer
nonononono
07well
Wait thats Scylia?
07fine then
Good lord thats Scylia?! O.O
You are wearing the dress.
i an Entei
07be that way
Boobies!
00,03I mean, I know it used to be a woman, but still!
END OF STORY
well sorry D:
Lawl
Dat kick
Wow, my cat kept disconnecting me
family had a party for me
Kill it before it lays eggs
Boobs? I dont see any boobs
I'm an adult now :)
save the day
Dari agrees. You shall wear the dress.
07D:
omg meanie!
@pokemon
6 DashWithRainbows is a/an 5 Kricketot
fine -_-
...
be honest can i trust Ground US Shipping ? or should i pay for prority box delivery ?
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFf
Unnr http://theoatmeal.com/comics/cat_vs_internet
...Cannot unsee.
I used to be a rockstar till i took a tomato to the face
Oh theres the boobs 0_0
anyone downloading the free mw3 multiplayer trial on steam?
Biglaw, yeah....
/me wears dress
EVIL EVIL CATS
07:3c
thar be boobbies
*coff*
Scoot-Scootaloo: in the origianal myth she had the top half of a woman and the bottom half a serpent, with 4 wolves heads surrounding her waist, and she was huge and hungry
FINISH HER
i cant scream sing
yeah I got this email from TST
that's gonna hurt
that must be new
Hi everypony.
This is what I get for naming my cat after a Goddess
FINISH HIM!
/me raindances
Ouch....
FINISH THE MONSTER!!!:[
it's a happy b-day email thing
Oh hey. God of War. Been a while since I've seen this game...
And it runs off
I think so
00,03I read that myth when I was a wee lad, otakon :)
YES!!!!
@pokemon
Scoot-Scootaloo: I have a whole book on classic myths
Doesnt mean we can't beat the shit out of it
Does anyone know where i got kaito from?
OmegaMetroidBrony: enope she is not
I love mythology
damn, not even half way
dat Gorgon eye
it really meant a lot
Happy Birthday *late* Aero! XD
dragon's lair
thanks!
00,03Oh mah, I used to have tons of books on Greek Myths when I was younger!
@pokemon
Scoot-Scootaloo: so did i
Oh man, Dragon's Lair was such an awesome game
The CMC have taken it to a whole new level :/ http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3103/
well... i guess the chat just died
ya, I had a pretty good b-day yesterday
Is that live gameplay?
2,14 and that, was the beginning of god of war
2,14 now for some Dissidia
With a stake through it's heart.
:3
KaitoThePony: eeyup, it's ValtheJean
technically no
Wat
Yes. Yew killed it.
wtf
lyra
with Vals trident up its arse
@pokemon
Lol I missed it. ^^
12 RX-78-ManaphyBot is a/an 9 Poliwag
i get it now
Lyra best sea boss
lyra
Nu
00,03And Kratos did not give one buck on that day~
Val that wasnt the beginning
i actually liked a game he played for once
aww
ValtheJean: you mean prissy girly men smack each other with huge swords?
I'm amazed it was as active as that on a Thursday
god of war 1 was literally the beginning
Val is this your psp or an emulator?
bzzzzzz
@pony
CupcakeWarrior: it's PSP
12RX-78-ManaphyBot is 12Spit8f7ire
BEES
NOT THE BEES
dat buzzing!
Dat PSP
THERE IN MY EYES
00,03PSP. Hells Yeah
THEY'RE IN MY EYES!
I love the Pink.
@pokemon
Lyra, you sneaky dog, you
AAAAAAAA
PSP-2000+ ?
Nice
Renard: must be
/me still has his psp 1000
inb4 loudness
?
THE BEES! They nest around my porch...
nice
:3
how....wha...
Was wondering how to stream from a PSP - remembered my 1000 has no video output
uhhhh
LYRA!
@sexymeter DashWithRainbows
6DashWithRainbows is 60% sexy.
how did....
rejoice
Scoot-Scootaloo: and yet the Vita
Renard there is a software called pspdisp
Scoot-Scootaloo, no
00,03Vita makes me sadfaced
YOitzGEEZUS: also, a cord
Definitely not
just cause 2
Probably not.
...
03wait, what, I was told people were talking about how I'm usually wrong
03is that in some channel I wasn't on? LOL
/me was totally AFK
Nobody knows about the Vita anyway.
@pony
12ChrysaBro is 2Princess L10una
Scoot-Scootaloo: me too, you have to re-buy any games you own to play them on Vita, it has proprietary memory
I have a joke tier list for the original dissidia.
pspdisp, hm
07wrong again, drf
i want a vita
Dat final fantasy.
03LOPL
03-P
03I have my sources
for my collection
uhoh
07WRONG AGAIN
Ah... a Final Fantasy... I think I played one of those on an SNES Emulator once
/me escapes
What is this "Vita" you speak of?
/me runs
KaitoThePony: wait for the price to drop
discord!
...
LemonLime: succesor to the PSP
@pokemon
i am
dat discord
/me walks in to final fantasy theme music
HE GOT IT WRONG
LOLZ
dayum
03fine, while I'm on a roll
032+2=4
Nice, got best pony :D
03right?
Oh, but PSPdisp is the other way arounf
d
two in a row
Cosmos? Chaos? WHAT LIES!
Discord is his own god.
00,03I know, its like "Oh that's a nice 30$ game you got there! Shame you have to buy it again to play it."
;D
It's the other way around!
neat anyway
NO
07that can be disproven :3
im not very bright but i am about prices
03LOL what
2+2=10...in base 4!
Enough pokemon.
@pokemon
/me yays at kyu :D
And yeah, the Vita sucks for a lot of varying reasons
yeah :/
The Vita is terrible
1,3quick, someone ship Meanwhile with Latias
Scoot-Scootaloo: yeah, and then the whole "We didn't make inconsole memory so we could sell it to you"
zelda
:P
/me bonks kirz|zombies on the head with a cinderblock.
IKR
@pokemon
EY im back
don't care i need it for my collection
/me eats Meanwhile's cinderblock
AWWW YEAH DISSIDIA
I gots another two in a row
KaitoThePony: just wait
kirz|zombies: I'll need 20 dollars for shipping and handleing
and i will wait
epic opening sequence
How about Meanwhile x Latias x Latios?
i am 030
dat threesome
fire
i don't care that it sucks
i mean
okay, awesome FMV
Hai LadyCanary
suddenly, LadyCanary...
how come all the guys in this game looks like girls?
Meanwhile gets ALL the phallic shaped dragons.
LadyCanary!!!
Hi LadyCanary.
LadyCanary: DID YOU SEE THE PIC!?
what is this FF Montage nonsense?
Ohai everypony :3
Oh hai cloud
EY ladycanary
What pic?
get out of the pool
Hi LadyCanary
05LadyCanary?
05LadyCanary!!
:D
^
Wreky!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Allo LadyCanary.
05didja see mah latest image :3
Nachoooooooooooooo
Hiya LadyCanary.
05?
Also, what are we watching?
robotdragon!!!
Hiya LadyCanary :3
00,03LADYCANARYYYY
LADYCANARY?!!!!!:O
/latetotheparty
Dat LadyCanary
LadyCanary x Bronystate
:D
No, I didnt, Wrek D: What is it?
00,03Failed MSG reference has failed :(
Who the shit?
/lifeoftheParty
05check mah DA
We're about to play some Dissidia LadyCanary
what time will it be in 28 hours and 17 minutes o30
oh hai vaan
00,03MGS*
Jesus, chat came eeeeeverywhere.
:O Oh wow!!! That's pretty awesome, Litwick
And everypony came
Dat Vaan
Hello Friends whats going on?
KaitoThePony: Friday, 19:00, Movie Night.
HE MAN
!pokemon
Kratos vs Goku
http://i164.photobucket.com/albums/u7/Phantomdarklover/30minutechallenge.png LadyCanary HERE!
yay no math
ooo, coolness
HECK YES. FIGHT FERAL CHAOS.
Dissidia
I thought this was the first game6_9
Dark92Enigma: Goku
I WANT TO HEAR GODS IN FIRE.
00,03KaitoThePony: The premiere of Season 3
One day when I am rich and famous and have like 3 years on my hands, I'm gonna play all the FF games.
otakon SAME HERE
hello Bronyberg
/me pokes everyone
OMAIGAWD DAT IMAGE >3>
Kratos because he doesnt take forever to attack
goku, but kratos would last a while
....
/me screams
....................
XD
OH MY GOD THAT'S ME!!!!! OH MY GOD THATS ME!!!!
ooh wave 4 blindbags
^
FF doesnt take 3 years.
Its over 9000!
2,14 alright chat
just opinion i lovem both...
LadyCanary: from derpy_derpy
wanna know what'd be cool? If Chuck Norris were a brony
2,14 who shall Squall fight?
otakon: yea but it takes him god forever to do so
/me hugs LadyCanary
Grats.
/me screams and jumps for joy
Cloud of Darkness is hawt
Choose the worst character: Exdeath.
/me dances
so what, this is all the FF characters in a fighting game?
Flaria!!!
and do I see Kefka in there?
flaria
That dumb looking thing in the bottom left ValtheJean.
Squall VS Exdeath.
FFXIII was terrible
LadyCanary: also, you are hella cute as a pony
ValtheJean: Kefka.
so at 8:00?
OMG available in europe :D
Litwick: Prishe. <3
Hai lyra
otakon ''Goodbye, Kratos.....I'll be waiting!'' -Goku finishing off Kratos with the Spirit Bomb
Meanwhile: that's a tau tau
LYRA
05didja see it yet?
Pick Lyra!
srry i suck at time and math
wut
she saw it Wrek
I did, Wrek!!! :D :D
otakon: It's stupid looking.
MFW Flaria is here. It's been a while.
otakon OR Genkidama
Prishe Flaria?
00,03I mean, Johnny Cage VS. Ryu!
1 min. brb
What is that annoying buzzing sound?
What does this Prishe mean?
DashWithRainbows: I've been busy.
Sheng Long.
Bronystate Regulars... ASSEMBLEEEEEEEE
Fat Chocobo!
and then unfound exploded
Litwick: You know Feral Chaos but not Prishe? O_o
Kweh!
/me meows.
heyheyhey
oh wait, not the one with the allicorns :(
what's up?
with his money heading in the direction of hasbro
/me scratches CriticKitten's head
damnit, my first pony will be a luna
you must defeat Sheng Long to stand a chance.
I only know Feral Chaos from his music.
here lemme get eman
this chat just got 20% cooler
i wish i was here 4 dead space stream...
/me purrs.
brb need coffee
Also...the artwork of it looks familiar...
buzzzzz
Litwick: FFXI Protag, Duodecim
im back
I might buy an SNES just to play some FF games.
...
00,03Anyone ever see Sanity Not included?
ewwwww emo
Isnt exdeath supposed to be a tree?
F,,,
no.
Go home and be a family colt!
Litwick, just use and emulator
F...
mfw I realized who drew the picture.
I don't know anything about FF.
Scoot-Scootaloo: I LOVE YOU
Fl..
hELL YEAH sCOOT_sCOOTALOO!
this is a fighting game
OH MY FREAKING GOURD
Flar...Flaria?
Aw shit my caps were on.
its pony 8105
i havent
/me hugs ScootChicken. "Oi."
/me pokes Flaria
ur gone]
05hmm?
Scoot-Scootaloo: I KNOW, WELL TURN INTO SPIDERS!
Allo Flaria.
pony 8105 is here
That blue guy looks like Ashuraman otakon
Anypony want something drawn?
Oh god I'm not good at this whole /nick thing
hi you guys
05oh right Derpy_Hooves had an image made of ya aswell, but isee you foudn that out
Dark92Enigma: that's ExDeath from FFV
Allo pony_8105.
/me hugs Flaria
D
Scoot-Scootaloo: /)
O
<333333333333333333
Wrek|Observing: I showed it to her, tis awesome
oh! FF dissada!
:3 Where is Derpy_Hooves?! I have to thank him 1000000000x
Biglaw: PIRATE QUEEN CELESTIA!
brb
http://img123.imageshack.us/img123/5529/dissidiatierlistbo9.jpg
ok so if it is 6:45 for me then the thing will be at 5:30?
Can someone get the Colonel in here to fry up ScootaChicken?
Scoot-Scootaloo: My destiny is.... TO BEAT UP A HELPLESS CHILD!
biglaw idk a godzilla mlp crossover?
You know, the only Final Fantasy game I played to the very end is VI. I'd like to see FFVI characters in action please.
dat tier list.
Flaria <3
otakon I know, i tried an inside joke
pyrocatboy nope
Hello.
mmmm i like the tast of kentucky fried ScootaChicken
/me waves to Meanwhile
Flaria!!
I am hungry
^_^
heya Flaira ^_^
hi Flaria.
+1 for RX-78-SweetieBot's idea
ok so if it is 6:45 for me then the thing will be at 5:30? Im dumb o3o
Hiya Flaria
EY flairia
Hiya Flaria
/me gives RX-78-SweetieBot a muffin
wazzup flaria
Hello, ponies.
All dese people saying hi to Flaria
00,03Sometimes I look up in the sun a- OH GOD MY EYES!!
oh my twilight.....
/me noms muffin in a corner
ScootaChicken: And I don't even need to H-Bomb.
CupcakeWarrior: I refuse to be swayed
NUE!
LadyCanary: I like your pony. :3
Flaria: I remember Altair's Hug bombs...
Scoot-Scootaloo: Hahaha:D, that sun troll.
Twily can defend herself
o///o
:D Thank you, Flaria <3 <3
Those were fun...
Scoot-Scootaloo: "Greetings traveler, your missions are available if you SUCK MAI D***"
That Twilight....(wingboner)
now i will never know what time to be on o3o
...
05oh yeah theres the twilight i drew LadyCanary.
Wut is dis? Has LadyCanary's OC been drawn?
00,03and of course, RELIGION!
ok so if it is 6:45 for me then the thing will be at 5:30?
Tis is hurting my head
Oh hai TheRainbowDash! Asleep i guess
ScootaChicken: http://i164.photobucket.com/albums/u7/Phantomdarklover/30minutechallenge.png
am i right????????????????????????
Scoot-Scootaloo: all the religion
KaitoThePony: time zone?
You shall not sway me with Twilight Sparkle
Dark92Enigma: Well, maybe...:P
central
Scoot-Scootaloo: Do you want to drink.... mmmmmmmIIIIIILLLLLLKKKKKKK!
ScootaChicken: YES. BY the My Little Chubbies blobs artist >w<
/me stretches. "Right, this is why I don't."
...
00,03NO WON'T LET YOU!
Well, it's boiling in here and I have a headache. Bed time.
Then 6pm, I think.
G'night everypony.
00,03later Meanwhile!
Never mind about my request for seeing FFVI characters. I gotta go afk.
G'night regulars room
Night Meanwhile
bai meanwhil
central
later Meanwhile.
LadyCanary: Is it the BronyState people group photo thingy?
robotdragon7 Deadpool FTW
Gn
lol
night meanwhile, say hi to Trizie
Night Meanwhile don't let Trixie bite.
Trizie*
Night Meanwhile ^_^
Bye Meanwhile!
i hope
Trixie****
Don't let Trixie bite :3
00,03BronyState people group thingy?
Now we need to have Squall versus the Onion Knight after this.
i will be there an hour early then
OmegaMetroidBrony I think he would like that
JUST for the sole reference.
=S Dont they ever die
Meanwhile has retreated to his domain.
hey Scoot-Scootaloo care to take a look at my novel?
I don't want my life snuffed out by a cinderblock
ok ok so i don't feel dumb i come here at 6?
XD
ScootaChicken Also, Trixie is there
inb4 Meanwhile went to his Trixie shrine
He went to be with his moustache.
I think, it starts 7pm EST, so...
Isn't it past your bedtime jailbait? :P
OH BOI
Terry...shit
WHOA
gosh darnit prince
dat dari
dari.
mine is 10:00
/me is tossing a emerald up and down in his hand
stupid tab fail.
Squall vs Terry Bogard?
O_O
Ello dari
YO MAMA!
TheRainbowDash: HELLO
DARI UR ALIVE!
Ohai
:P
ANIME POWER UP TIME!
Rainbow: Hello!:)
one long fight..
hey guys had to change my nickname
MY KINDEY!
Scoot-Scootaloo: I am not asleep yet, ergo dari cannot allow himself to go to sleep.
Rainbow is my fav!
...
lol finally xDD
mfw I now read dari's comments in dari's voice 0_0
He needs to stay up to watch over me and make endless jailbait jokes or something.
You Pressed the wrong button!
oh hey its over
I always remember
Now for Squall versus the Onion Knight! Do it for Scoot-Scootaloo!
btw
/me accidentaly drops the emerald
1/1/12 NEVER FORGET
Whoops
KaitoThePony: Thanks! Ya know, I used to live with a human!
lyra always makes me laugh
Super legendary.......thing!
05Rainbow: no RP
/me 11,01donates a kidney to Dark92Enigma
Im a pony
orly rainbow
Why are you using all the emo characters Val?
...I forgot. :S
night Me.........dammit I missed him
Nittany!!
im a robot
/me spits out water.
11,01Hey LadyCanary!
...DARI!!!!
Wrek|Observing: I am not role playing.
So anypony want something drawn OTHER than a pirate celestia?
I am also a Pony.
Y U SO FAT CHOCOBO
Nittany_Discord LOL that was a Deadpool reference
05clearly you were
00,03I thought they were ALL emo characters!
Long time no see, sexy voice.
^
With a Carrot leg.
/me 11,01hugs LadyCanary
lol
Captain Carl, did you wash your hands?
Ello Matt Smith
Hey Flaria, and LadyCanary, been a while! :D
Biglaw: Ninja Celestia.
LadyCanary: how are you today dear?
i just watched a apic ponies video :D
Wrek|Observing: I wasn't, but what would be so bad if I did?
