/me throws pillows back at Malavolent
I win.
oh btw my cutie mark is a wacom bamboo pen tablet
Oh no you didn't!
/me gets out the beanbag cannon
OH YES I DI!
DID*!
>:3
/me shoots pillows at Malavolent
Ooooh nooooo!
Thanks Ninjazz. :>
/me is overkilled by pillows.
no no no. you are not following the bro fighting protocol. One of you must shove the other first constantly yelling "WHAT? WHAT? WHAT?"
I'll... be... back...
Thank you. (:
/me cue Terminator 2 theme
/me aims weapon at Ninjazz
You're welcome! C:
/me pokerface
/me clicks, but doesn't fire
Oh dear, I guess I should've packed more than four pillows :c
/me side steps to another part of the building
/me loads the bean bag canon
/me runs like a little girl, behind Ninjazz
Wait. Why are you following me?!
/me fires!
He's got a beanbag cannon! D:
/me action rolls into cover
beans fly everywhere!
/me covers head and lays down, cowering in fear
Ive gtg now everypony... You all take care!! and have fun playing Wrek :)
Cya RaveBrony! Keep raving!
Later's RaveBrony ^^
I'm off to home, see ya later.
Cya Malavolent! Take care!
05elite packs qare so far the only fun challenge in nightmare :|
Nooo
Not malavolent D:
bye those who are departing
/me throws pillow in Ninjazz's face and runs away like a little girl.
/me scrunchyface
Why does everyone like hurting me? :(
It's because im batshit insane and belong in an insane asylum.
/me side steps to another part of the building
Loljk
/me pokes Ninjazz
Hello again
Eep.
Hey Liquid-Fire!
/me repeatedly pokes Ninjazz
That doesn't feel good. :S
it was a bag full of stryofoam beans. If that's gonig to hurt you, you have bigger problems like hemophilia
I meant the poking. -_-
/me throws candy cube corner at Mutterguy
Sugarcube*
Yeah
I realized my mistake
Where the hell did I get candy cube?
Infact
What the hell IS a candy cube?
/me summingly crushed by the falling bakery.
A cube made out of candy obviously.
05i run a buissnes, installing styrofoam nuns, fuc ka fruit basket!
I'm not sure why I would fuck a fruitbasket! But alright! :D
I've done that before
Wrek is that a dayjob orchestra reference?
And by fruit basket
/me dies with a smile, knowing that Cakes are going to lead a mob and lynch Nabronyan
I mean cake
And by fuck
I mean eat
05aye Giger4444
:)
Noh, they wouldn't do that
Because
THAT WAS A FAKE SUGARCUBE CORNER
05they stole my furniture
Filled with VEGETABLES
>:D
:c
told ya they would
:C
Wait, was that an automated kick?
yeah it iwas
Oh
Ok
Careful about typing too fast.
K
:C
I like red better than purple
Rarity does not approve. :|
Oooooh noooooooooooooooooooooo
Rarity is my favorite character :P
Hello everypony
HELLO
Hey ResonantWaves_!
/me hugs Nabronyan as a fellow Rarity fan :3
/me pokes Ninjazz in the face
Ow. :S
Is it me, or does this music fit the stream very we-
And then it changed :C
alrighty, I am going to go to sleep now see ya guys later
I just woke up
Like
nighT :D
20 minutes ago
Hai everypony
lol it's 4 A.M.
Hye Whoofs!
I made a new machine
Gnight Resonantwaves! Keep being wavy!
a time travel one
Oh wait..
but pinkies lost in a place with humans
:P
Gnight OneTrickPony! Try to be two ponies!
she did it
I invented a machine, too
Pinkie pie i told you its no...
video im watching
It's a sonic rain-nuke.
hai guys
Whats up
Hey EpicPwnTime3!
Rainbow Factory
:)
they kill ponies and make them rainbows
D:
Dusty is manliest brony
O:<
Hey, I work at that place :D
O_O
Me to...
They have tasty meals and high paying jobs.
i just found out
your eating ponies...
It's 7:00 in the morning.
/me stops chewing
its 6:00 at my house
Nah, it's not pony
Oh
(eats hotdog)
They said it's rainbow colored fish fillet.
O_O
Which is strange
and a rainbow colored hotdog?
becouse i have a normal one
I never knew ponies could eat fish
(tastes heart)
o.o
/me eyes twitch
Im eating a ponys... heart O:
It's 7 am Eastern time/6 am Central.
Exited for the AI finale?
(pukes)
I also have rainbow colored cupcakes.
:| say such a thing???
O_O
Hey BroniesFTW!
Wut?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
I made them myself.
Let's see what's showing on rerun hour today.
Has anypony heard of cupcakes?
Cant say I have.
its when pinkie pie tricks rd in eating a drugged cupcake
Today on the MLP reruns: Episode 2.15 and 16.
gets her in her basment and rd gets made into cupcakes
that fanfic and youtube video are just horrible
Sounds like fun.
/me facehoofs so hard
^
though the youtube vid has a kickass music score :)
(makes cupcakes out of Twilight)
oops
05Whoofs
05please go read the rules
:/
05we dont discuss cupcakes here
/me makes cupcakes out of whoos
whoos?
:/
Thank you, Wrek. THANK YOU!
Whoofs*
05Nabronyan you will behave aswell
05this is your only warning, both of you
Someone just got klined? :oo
...
thank you for reminding us of a fic that;s been around for a year
any other's?
OH look it's Ashleigh Ball's band :O
this video and seris are makeing me want to kiss them :3
umm
dshannon: now a rainbows tale isn't quite as nice
forget i said that
XAX gtfo I was talking to Whoofs
:(
XD
Wat dshannon?
but good one
i know one the scootaloo diares
its like a clopfic
but not so digusting
care to enlighten us of another fic we all know about that's been around for a year?
/me facehoofs once more
(facehoofs)
How bout we not talk about fics for a while?
Correct word
05www.bronystate.net/rules
dshannon: I legitimately like the song and fic of rainbow factory though, so :p
05read those before you get yourself banned
spitfire in my video looks sexy
Recommended that you do.
xD
/me sighs
then look it up on your own clock
No russian or other people that dont and not know english?
Thats mean
and wats a bot?
Wat does troll mean?
Rainbow Dash Loves Soaring :P
If you are on purposely trying to get some one mad. You are trolling.
Can I talk about cupcakes in the NON Gorefic sence?
This is a friendly place.
So don't be an ass.
05good riddance.
What?
he had it coming
Oh.
I see we lost him.
Wait
Am I getting banned?
Im confused
Why ello there
not you, whoofs :D
Ah well. Should have thought a minute before typing them out.
Oh
XAX O:
Did you finish the cutie marks?
LucidDream :D
seeing D3 makes me want play D2. But when I think about making a new character I know I wont get past Lut Gholein :)
*sigh* I only have Twilight's to do :(
I remember in D2 I made a necromancer
ANd had no idea what I was doing
lol.
05i miss hammerdins
So I charged in with a spear along with my skeletons and golems.
O: Still the most fun one though
I made playing D2 hell with my brother
Why has everyone played Diablo 2 expect me?
Oh yes. I can't wait to start on it >_>
I didnt like the necromancer. I found it useless in most boss fights.
hehe
I find summoning classes useful because
Twilight's one is going to be very hard. man.
then again Im a nobb, and not a hardcore gamer.
Even if the summons aren't strong enough to do damage to bosses
Ninjazz: Why has everyone played diablo 2 except ME?
They can be used as meatshields
XAX: Because... I have no idea.
sup guys
I should just play Diablo 2.
Hey F22skyhunter!
Which is what I had to do alot because my summons were just so underpowered
Because I was a terrible necromancer
XAX, I HAVEN'T
Yeah, but if I remeber correctly it lacks hard hitter units, which are needed in boss fights
ohai everypony
Hey Jim!
Me and Mutterguy
sup Jim
fighting Duriel was a nightmare with a necromancer
Just listening to that yatta song
Why? Because I can
Maybe we could meet and discover diablo 2 together Mutterguy >_> lol
I'll play too
Because
I never got far into the game
Obligitory XAX x Mutterguy comment here.
I HAVE AN IDEA
I say
:o
We should all pool our moneys togethor, buy a mansion
And make it like
A brony hotel
Or something
Except
Free.
Pretty much what uberhaxor nova and "the creatures" did.
I DID IT AGAIN Dx
/me doesent have a laptop.
Some what.
*sigh*
I think I type too fast
mores spaces, less enter and you'll be fine
Advice taken.
Has anyone played Cry of Fear?
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
But yeah Mutterguy, guess I'll try get on here next time im in chch :3
:/
XAX, secondary solution... my household has a netbook
How would we maintain a free hotel?
:o
Ok, scratch the hotel part
More or less a giant household
For bronies.
Why would we need that?
practically you are talking about building a big house from the collective money and everyone who live there would pitch in to pay the bills
thats a start, but what would be the purpose?
It'd be the only safe spot from the zombie justin beiber fans
what Giger4444 said.. so long has people contribute to the various rates bills and maintence it could be very cheap
Also when the international congress for the foundation of Equstria needs to be held
NO
*Equestria
The mansion
Could be the capital of a nation of bronies.
/me has a massive and unstable imagination.
I assuming the nation had yet to be founded
*i'm
How much money did the brony documentary raised so far? about 70k bucks?
Uh
Not sure
If not, it was close to that, right?
with that money you could buy a 1000-1200 squaremeter land where I live, but you'd need about additional 10 times this sum to build a mansion there :D
Dat post oO
unless we get a sugar daddy, projects this size will remain a dream
I have to find the April's fool reddit thread...
It would be nice to have a hangout for bronies. Not sure if I would want to live with them though.
Ok, how about this
WE TAKE THE BRONIES
AND PUSH THEM INTO EQUESTRIA
If it were that easy. >>
We should all purchase an island in the middle of nowhere (Which is possible) and then just live there in peace and harmony.
I thought about it and I wouldnt want to live in Equestria
I wouldn't either
I live on one, Kammerjunk.
Hay, grass, and flowers don't exactly make a great meal for humans.
Finally. Someone who says that, Giger4444.
At first, the thought of no meat pushed me off the thought of living in Equestria, because I love me some beef.
That, and I just wouldnt belong there.
But seriously, though, salad is awesome.
Don't think I'd be able to live without cola, though.
Eh. I just can't properly imagine myself in Equestria.
It's a tuesday morning at 7:30/6:30c now.
I still RP myself as a retired ninja LIVING among ponies.
But you know.
So what was the original B film we were going to watch?
Samurai Cop.
I RP that im a pony living among retired ninjas.
^ wat
here we go http://www.reddit.com/r/t:2022/comments/rnhy2/bronys_buy_africa_and_rename_it_equestria/
You can buy continents?
Mutterguy: But there's a place in Africa named "Equestria" ._.
its an april fools post
Well, of course it is. You can't buy a continent.
05ON THE FUCKIGN SECOND!
Oh hi, Wrek.
Still one ccan dream....
Oh, is it Wrek playing?
Eyup.
you can buy real estate, but I think in most countries it is limited how much land one person can own.
So
Anyone gonna play Fighting is Magic when it comes out?
Giger4444: Which is why we all need to buy land and then just mash it together.
Im gonna buy a desert and name it "Lotsavsandinisia"
wat
Kammerjunk:I think the law applies to firms/consortiums etc. Im sure the governments wouldnt like it.
Why do I keep hearing pings? I don't even have anything open which could ping me asides from mIRC.
I'm gonna buy a forrest and call it "WherethefuckamI"
Kammerjunk: like this?
OR We find an Asteroid (named Tom) and very carefully bringit down to earth...bit by bit or hollow it and live inside it...
Starflash, what post?
It's not as scary as it used to be because my ping sound is Fluttershy saying "yay".
OR
good mornin
Hey ocean concert.
Giger4444: Yeah, like that except it happens all the time.
We terraform mars
:)
ohai ofna01
Kammerjunk so is mine....
no idea then...
Rerunning today on The Hub: Season 2, Episodes 15 and 16. Begins at 8/7c.
ah
Ave, ofna01.
i had to get an MRI yesterday
gonna have to get another tommorrow
ofna01 noisy aren't they?
YOU!
you bet your ass they are.
anypony want to play some diablo 3?
It's you ponies who were pinging my mIRC!
Hey ofna01!
random note: "Story: Against All Odds: Make a Wish (New Part 6!)" i once read a pokemon fanfic called against all odds
RoboGerbil. Wrek is currently
well, attempted to read, its longer tha foe
reason i have to redo it is because i was nervous and shaking too much for them to get any clear pictures
I fell asleep in an mri machine.
Hey RoboGerbil! Don't have the game, sorry.
ofna01: may I ask why you needed a scan?
i gave up after the second time the guy went back in time to fix things
Woink
Kammerjunk, Ping
Would any of you happen to know a thing or two about archery?
sounds like a madman's work.
well if Wrek will have me, ill join him
lets see if i cant find it
maaaaaaadmaaaaaaaaaaan
they need to check my horomone levels
im 16 and 4'11
XD
I haven't bought Diablo III yet.
Hmmm
Don't know if and when I will.
I thought they would check hormones with blood tests.
o nvm hes on nightmare already lol
well
http://www.fanfiction.net/s/621485/1/Against_All_Odds
that was easy
they did
I remember playing Hell difficulty as Sorceress.
they want to make sure they arent blocked
In D2.
huh, its not as long as i remember it being
Going to go rest my back for a bit. brb
ofan01: 4'11 is what? 150cm?
It's officialy tuesday morning.
yeah
i havent had to buy pants in 3 years,since i've staed basically thesame
stayed*
ofna01: thats not a pleasant experience...
I have to do that anyway, since I end up breaking them one way or another.
my arms are all bruised from having to get shots and IV's so often
:'(
That sounds bad, man. Hope it didn't affect how you think of doctors.
it doesnt
04I got stuck nine times in 48 hours one time I went to the hospital. Fun times
shows how reliable my memory is
I really hope that you get support from friends and dont get bullied.
i got stuck 15 times before they found a vein
;_;
04Yeah, I would have left
inexperienced nurse?
04There's no way I would have waited through 15 attempts just to find a vein
i have small veins
daww poor ofna01
04I think my limit is three times
combined with the fact i hadnt had any water for awhile,made it alot worse
04If they don't find their mark by the fourth time then I'm done
i feel so tempted to give him wubs
go ahead
but it might anger the Ghosties
04Yes
04It will anger me
:|
04I, the great Ghost one
Yeah, a doctor or whatever hit completely off one time when I was younger. Didn't even hit the sedated area.
04Lol I don't care dude
/me huggles and cuddles ghosties
04Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
my skin is extra thick, you can actually see the veins in my arm up to my shoulder, they dont have a problem finding one :)
i might be a all powerful alicorn but we're still afraid of ghosts llol
04Huggles is one thing
04>cuddles
thick=thin
04Whoa whoa, I don't swing that way bro
04And by swing I mean I don't do cuddling >:I
shots and IV's hurt
05you know its jsut for soothing
You're not on "that side of the street"?
Ghosties: the thing about me if use /me its for a few things hugs cuddles wubs cookies fixing problems and love and tolerating
if i use*
I've hads so many picc lines I've got a Portacath. it looks like a 3rd nipple
04I don't want that kind of soothing, Wrek
Hm. You know, I'm starting to think that drinking 2 litres of cola might not be good for my teeth.
04A simple handshake, and at most a hug
yeah
04AT MOST
04And that's only if I like you
/me hugs Ghosties
haha i remeber wen i was a newfag to Bstate
once everyone stated licking Ghosties
Ali
i can haz hug?
Dat kick?
Not yet.
lol Ghosties i didnt hug u
04Yeah, I kicked you by mistake
LOL
04I was aiming for the ninja that does jazz
ofna01: I know it does not cheer you up, but in my country the healthcare system is screwed up you only go to the doctor if you want to die
sure u did <_< >_>
/me coughs
:S
shall i teach him a lesson my lord
04>:I Do not hug meh
you alright,Nin?
05the US Giger4444?
:D I'm fine!
morning, everypony!
never hug or lick Ghosties
:s
Free health care here in Denmark.
Wrek: Im from hungary...
Alcorn
I don't mind.
Ghosties: does not like public affection
Sorry, Ghosties. Next time I'll do it when appropriate.
can i haz hug?
although...'newfag'? this isn't /b
/me wub cuddles ofna01
04@Ninjazz: I dunno, I just felt like being stupid
thank you
/me rustles ofna01 's mane
:D LOL
All is good.
04Ninjazz, how old are you?
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: I half expected you to rustle his jimmies.
18
04HOW OLD IS EVERYBODY HERE???
LOL KAMMER
I'm 15 and what is this.
0512
04(This should be fun)
im 16
26
<---20
I'm actually allowd to be here, Ghosties. So don't worry,
im 9999999 yrs old
TWENTY SIX
i'd say the average age here is....maybe 16-18?
I do believe you to be correct.
Good day everypony :)
jks im 69 http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/008/549/If%20you%20know%20what%20I%20mean..png
Salve, Airpuff.
Huh, thats pretty long though
Hey Airpuff!
Salve,Airpuff
Hey Sylandest!
Salve?....
kidding again im 17
morning, Airpuff!
04Hmm, interesting
~
Howdy, Ninjazz! How are you this morning? :)
Airpuff: Salve is a Latin greeting.
ô.ó i dont get the salve thingy?
05Alicorn_Prince_Shane: so you kid us twice, and expect us to believe you the 3rd time
/me puts his hoof in Airpuffs face
Oh
05sod off
As well as "Ave" and "Heus".
lol Wrek
Sylandest: A bit down, but better than last night. :)
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: O.o
Although heus is a bit informal.
Airpuff: did u still get a ping still? cause i added the s
Ninjazz: Ahh, I see. Well, I hope today gets you back up all the way then, hehe :)
Wrek: sod?
Aye.
Thank you, Sylandest. :)
its a british expression I believe?
Sod off, ya bugger.
Ninjazz: :D
funny how its a british expression and Wrek s swedish?
04ALICORN PRINCE SHANE IS AN ALICORN WHO TAKES NO GUFF FROM ANYBODY
^^
:|
04IF HE'S 999999999 YEARS OLD THEN HE'S JUST THAT DAMN OLD
/me throws a pokeball at Alicorn_Prince_Shane
DAM Str8 Ghosties /)
/me is immune
04HE'S LIKE A FUCKING ELDER PIN CUSHION TYPE THING, FUCK
/me gets depressed
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: I'm Danish, and yet, I say "Cheerio" from time to other.
/me hides
/me pats Airpuff's back
lol Ghosties
Ghosties is performing what is called the Royal Canterlock Voice.
whats wrong,puff?
daw Airpuff
04More like the enthusiastic dramatic film narrator
Works too.
/me levitates Airpuff in the air in front of him "whats wrong lil fella"
But around these parts people/ponies like refering it as the Royal Canterlock Voice, so yeah.
WAIT.
lol i feel like a babysitter in this chat sometimes
Airpuff!
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: I believe he had wished to capture you with his pokeball
Why you down? D:
Or the Traditional Royal Canterlot Voice?
04Anyways, be back in a jiff
I forget.
/me imagines Alicorn_Prince_Shane as a ponified Wal http://seriewikin.serieframjandet.se/images/9/9b/Footrot_Flats.png
Valedico, then.
/me hands Airpuff ... "psst guys whats a really rare pokemon"
/me teleports out of Alicorn_Prince_Shane 's grip "You didnt let me catch you" =c
I have never played Pokémon, so I wouldn't know.
It's 7:55 am EST. Rerun hour begins in five minutes.
Airpuff: one does not simply catch 99999 yr old alicorn
ZUBAT
I did watch Pokémon: The First Movie once, but that's a long time ago.
Magicarp I hear.
/me throws a masterball at Alicorn_Prince_Shane ...
It's 7:56 am EST. Rerun hour begins in four minutes.
Turns into a sea serpeant if you treat it just right.
/me is immune
stop trying to CAPTURE ME!
/me FUS RO DAH!
/me throws a rock followed by a safariball at Alicorn_Prince_Shane ?! D=
Okay, I don't get everything everything in Pokémon, admitted, but I thought a masterball was the best of the best.
/me fus ro dahs the poke ball away
It is.
It's 7:58 am EST. Rerun hour begins in three minutes.
7:57.
/me gives up
Shane just doesn't like playing fair. :|
/me gives Airpuff a charizard
ive been tryin to give him a pokemon
/me stares at Alicorn_Prince_Shane with large eyes which starts to water... "Thank you!" Hugs
but he keeps trying to capture me
dawww
dat face
/me punts charizard into ocean
:|
It's 7:58 am EST. Rerun hour begins in two minutes.
/me levitates both ofna01 and Airpuff on to his back
Im off to get some work done. Bye all!
Valedico, Giger4444!
Cya Giger4444! Take care.
BroniesFTW: oh shoosh u
night Giger4444
/me ligts his hoof into the air.. "I'm a horseman!"
Adieu! Au revoir! Do svidanya! Farvel!
keep it engs siri
lifts*
First on teh MLP hour: SSCS6K.
Airpuff: Actually you're a pony. ^^
Ninjazz: Shush
:c
xD
/me pokes Ninjazz
Ow.
Okai then Ninjazz Im a horse-pony?
Only one more minute to go. It's 7:59.
stop ruining Airpuff s fun
You are the headless horsepony.
Just pony, Airpuff. ^^
LOOK AT MY HORSE,MY HORSE IS AMAZING
:D
dont make me take u off
Ninjazz: ... but what if i am riding a Alicorn? am i still just a normal pony? D=
/me is deep in thought...
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Wait, you said "keep it engs siri" - Was that directed to me?
Airpuff: No... You would be a pony riding an alicorn. ^^
im not a pony
back
im a person
/me licks ofna01's horse.... tastes just like raisins!
The time is... 8am EST/7 am CST/5am PST. Teh MLP rerun hour is begginng.
That's pretty special.
/me stares at Ninjazz ..... "I would be a knight!"
i dusnt haz a mane
i am a person
Kammerjunk: yes
Airpuff: An Equestrian knight!
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Oh, alright. It's just a little ironic, that's all.
Ninjazz: Mhm, thats more like it =)
What with roleplaying and everything.
Ninjazz: shush
Airpuff: Go! Slay dragons in the Princesses knight!
brb
Kammerjunk: Just having a bit of fun here and there. ^^
Ninjazz: ... in the princesses knight?... Is there a dragon inside myself? Am i.... Dovahkin Dragonborn?!
Ninjazz: maybe slay dragons "as" the princess' knight? :P
princess knight?
wut
This location looks kinda... shiny, for a diablo
Yeah yeah, that's cool, it was just ironic to then tell me not to send two messages in different languages.
/me facehoof
/me giggles at Ninjazz
How about...
Ninjazz: I is english major. It is second nature for me to recognize grammar. my apologies, lol
SirGanjalf: If I recall correctly, Blizzard heard a lot that Diablo was too colourful.
Airpuff: Go slay dragons in the cover of Luna's night! Serve your duty to the Princecces!
/me pushes off Airpuff
MY HORSE
Sylandest: All is forgiven. :)
Ninjazz: :)
/me falls and hits the ground... :'(
/me catches Airpuff
/me levitates Airpuff catching him
/me picks up Airpuff and brushes him
easy now
Wow.
:/
rofl, we all caught him
Who picked him up?
/me oi ofna01 levitating ofna01
/me draws his sword... "ENGUARDE ofna01 !"
/me levitate ofna01 " that wasnt nice"
/me draws a sword
ENAGUARDE
FIGHT! :O
Ninjazz: team effort? XD
/me wins
/me grabs ofna01 's sword with magic and holds bouth the swords. "I win."
/me places both ofna01 and Airpuff in to different bubbles
Sylandest: Yes! Also known herd mind.
you 2 stop fighting
/me pops bubble
/me teleports out of bubble
/me runs
I feel like such a snob when I watch people in this chat RP.
/me places ofna01 in tartarus
:|
How so?
/me levitates Airpuff back on to his back
/me teleports out with magic *snort snort*
Because I spent weeks on creating RPing characters.
jeezus u 2
Or spend, rather.
MAGIC! *snort snort*
What's that supposed to mean?
05SirGanjalf: this area should help
/me sits still looking at the clouds
/me throws ofna01 " no one leaves tartarus" alive
i did
with magic
/me sits next to Airpuff "see any familiar shapes?"
/me throws ofna01 back in " no one leaves tartarus" alive
sigh u 2 lol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kdr9IXae6YY
/me giggles at Sylandest "Yeah.."
05Achievement GET! The Elitist
05:|
/me floats over to Sylan
now links during stream ofna01
Airpuff: oh? What do you see? *peers up, looking around"
its a 2 second vid
u doing alrught Airpuff
i think it'll slide
alright*
/me puts his hooves infront of Sylandest 's eyes. I wont let you see it! D=
Suddenly, shipping!
Or romance atleast. :S
Ninjazz: =O Where?!
Airpuff: But I wanna see it! *flails hooves*
/me points at Airpuff and Sylandest
Obah dare.
/me realises... "oh.."
/me suddenly scoots away
/me nods "mmmhmmm"
/me shakes head "mm-mm"
/me nods further "mmmmhmmmm"
Dis conversation.
Airpuff: r u still on m back
Dat Inception...
/me shakes head more vigorously "mm-mm-mm!"
Eeyup
/me shoves magic muffin in Ninjazz mouth " here shut up"
Ninjazz: Oh sorry, I was focusing on another window. It means that I can't bring myself to roleplay without thoroughly figuring out -who- my character is.
/me looks at Ninjazz and Sylandest .... "You wanna come home to me and shine my trumpet? ;) "
If I remember correctly... the name is Time
/me levitates Airpuff up to his head
/me laughs
/me eye twitches at Airpuff's question
Ahhh. I see Kammerjunk.
/me sits next to Airpuff "Hand me that trumpet"
jeez some one help
/me gives Ninjazz his trumpet slowly...
Airpuff: I used to play the trumped, actually
i have to fillies on my head
two*
*trumpet
/me plays smooth jazz with Airpuff's trumpet
/me lays down atop of Alicorn_Prince_Shane 's head and relaxes
Ninjazz: it's so smooth! I can't take it!
/me levitates all ponies off his head except Airpuff cause only airpuff is allowed up here
Sylandest: Are you sliding all over the floor? :D
/me smiles widely
Airpuff: r u smiling about wut i said?
Ninjazz: I have socks on and am sliding as I type thissssssss *slides away from comp*
dat inception soundtrack
Airpuff is planning something...
Amazing song.
/me blushes ... "No...." before smiling again
I've cried to this song while reading a fic. True story.
now play "Dream is collapsing"
daww u sho cute
just so u kno we decided like 12 hrs ago that all of us of Bstate are gonna over run http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brony,_%C5%81%C3%B3d%C5%BA_Voivodeship
it only has 80 ppl
/me looks at StupidSexyCJ "Well.. i am quite cunning.." xD
Airpuff: you always have something in mind. We know you well, you silly filly you
BRONY IS A VILLAGE?
in poland
^yep
A Polish village at that.
/me prepares Airpuff-counter-strategy
we decided we're gonna over run it on the 21st of the 12th
/me gives Airpuff his trumpet back "I'm out of breath"
/me recives his trumpet back form Ninjazz "Thanks"
:3
/me levitates Airpuff down to the ground " i dont want to get hurt"
Airpuff: might I have a go at the trumpet?
/me stands on the ground o.o
/me readies his army of cyborg-squirells
/me calls upon his alicorn power and creates multiple trumpets
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: the number of trumpets has been doubled?
exactl^
/me stands in awe as it starts poping up trumpets everywhere
exactly
BE HOLD MAH POWAHHHH!
/me is unsure if he caused this
And then a skeleton popped out.
/me cyborg squirells steal multiple trumpets and start a jazzstep band
/me opens a hole in the ground where all of StupidSexyCJ 's cyborg-squirrels falls down =D
/me assumes one of these http://shop.countdown.co.nz/Content/ProductImages/big/9414932372295.jpg
attack Ninjazz attack
:c
Curses!
Meep.
/me picks up a trumpet and starts to play mambo no. 5
Ninjazz: im telling u to attack silly
Mambo no 5 o.o
Why must I?
cause ur iz Ninjazz
and iz busy
05no excessive RP guise
I'm also retired.
/me noms on Trumpet
k soz mr wrek boss
sorry, Wrek :$
Well, that's warning #1.
http://derpy.me/clVyd - Oh my.
well its all Airpuff s fault <_< >_>
omg Kammerjunk ! That is adorable!
he keeps doing stuff
That it is.
Kammerjunk: thats absolutely adorable
How fuzzy, Kammerjunk. ^^
dat derpy Kammerjunk :3
/me sneers at Alicorn_Prince_Shane
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: d'awwww indeed
Dinky is adawwable.
Dinky is quite adawwble, indeed. :$
I hope Dinky pops up more in season 3
/me levitates Airpuff infront of Bstate and yells out " simbaaaa!"
lol jks^
lol
/me is confused o.o
hey guys, just got the newsletter
Airpuff: just go with it, it happens time to time
DitzyHooves: cool story need moar Wrek
Okie dokie lokie..
so what movies did you pick for yours
/me is simba?
Thanks for reminding me, DitzyHooves.
/me nods at airpuff's question
/me hoofs Airpuff in teh face
I chose A: Rescuers Down Under
Au >.<
B: Brave Story (2006)
have we had the lion king on bstate? b4
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: I do not recall
please see if you can get the Rifftrax version of it
http://www.bronystate.net/about-us/past-movies/
we should totally watch a Rifftrax movie
we have DitzyHooves twice but not on bmn
Shizuka streams them every now and then.
Yay! How To Train Your Dragon hasnt been watched =)
Airpuff: You and me. Let's vote on that.
I watched that recently because I saw David Tennant was in it.
I was disappoint when it was only a single line.
Airpuff: that would be a fantastic movie to watch
did you know they making a sequel to ANCHORMAN
Kammerjunk: In How Train Your Dragon?
Still i havent voted or anything so far.. so i dont know how i do it... :(
ANCHORMEN?
Ninjazz: Yup.
http://i.imgur.com/eM6dL.jpg
gonna sleep
ANCHORMAN: The legend of Ron Burgundy
night Mutterguy
But he has a single line which you can barely hear.
night, Mutterguy
its getting a sequel
Sweet dreams, Mutterguy.
Oh hey, more Danish bronies.
bye everyone
Night Mutterguy
I thought we were an endangered species.
DitzyHooves: not sure if we need a sequel to that movie
OH the irony, Phase4...
Cya Mutterguy|SLP! Stop muttering!
later Mutterguy|SLP
Goodnight Mutterguy|SLP.
mrhmrmermermem
Ohay Twi_Fi!
hey hey Twi_Fi
Hai Twi_Fi :)
Hello everypony. :)
Salve, Twi_Fi.
morning, Twi_Fi! How are you this morning?
Twi_Fi: ive gained a second job lol
Hello, Twi_Fi.
Twi_Fi: Quid agis?
hi Twi_Fi
Twi_Fi: inb4 pings
Hey Xera!
Ninjazz: .. might be not o.o
I also found a great anime we should stream
who does the anime stuff?
Airpuff: Would you like to be?
Hey Ninjazz!
I guess Ninjazz xD
DitzyHooves: Sumica mainly
:)
So many pings 6_9
I am doing okay, btw.
1 typo away from being very naughty
I thought DCD did animes.
Do you have an email, Airpuff?
DitzyHooves: then type cautiously, lol
Twi_Fi: im officially the Bstate looker afterer
Ninjazz: Yeah xD
anypony heard of a show called.....
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: You are?
NewDCD usually does anime as well as Sumica.
AIR GEAR
Twi_Fi: lol ye ive had like 5 fillies on my back to cheer them up
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: I don't know how to feel about this....
Twi_Fi: y?
:D
Just kidding.
Send an email with "Newsletter" as the heading to bronystate@gmail.com
Air Gear is an awesome anime
/me hoofs Twi_Fi in the face
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: I've yet to hop on your back. There was no room
Ouch!
I keep getting disconnected from D3's servers DX
Sylandest: didnt u sit next to Airpuff b4?
OKei thats all Ninjazz ? o.o
Airpuff: Eyup.
Oh salve, OtakuTom. It's probably just Blizzard trolling you.
Simple as that. :)
DitzyHooves: Airgear is awesome =P
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: oh, that I did. I was unaware it was on your back though. my apologies if I was heavy :$
Unless we have changed somethings... :S
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Why you mean to me?
meh ive had worse cough xmasskills
Twi_Fi: how so?
i wish they had more episodes, I'm nearly done with the show
Another good one is Eden of the East
I keep having to redo the same quest over and over again...granted, I saw something that said they were going under maintenance between 1:00am and 9:00am EST...I just thought maybe it was over since the stream here was going on.
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: You hoofed me in the face.
it has two movies as well with it
For anypony tuned in on The Hub, Up next is "Read is and Weep" at 8:30 am EST.
:(
Twi_Fi: lol cause u injuryed xmass remember
/me offers Twi_Fi a muffin to help you feel better
put that muffin away
MINE!
xmasskills might smell it!
/me takes muffin
05gona get a painkiller
05then i might draw
nomnomnomnomnom
/me has his muffin eaten
Painkillers are the second best thing ever.
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: xmasskills will be fine after surgery.
student loans should have 0% interest
DitzyHooves: if you weren't so adorable, I might've done something
Twi_Fi: i attempted to heal him but he just left Bstate after it
/me blushes
/me throws Wrek painkillers?
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: So you haven't seen him since the last time we spoke?
Twi_Fi: nope
what you said makes earlier makes no sense
maybe hes mad at u Twi_Fi
You "hoofed" me in the face. -You handed/footed me in the face.
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: I thought I was helping....:(
Twi_Fi: dont worry xmass is just a spoilt brat lol
So I have to learn a bunch of physics stuff my teacher never taught me.
Silly teachers not teaching.
Alright, everypony, I'm off to work now. I'll see you all later! Have a good day/night!
Kammerjunk: Ooooh you too? xD
Valedico, Sylandest!
Have a good one, Sylandest!
Bai Sylandest
Cya Sylandest! Take care, my friend! :)
Airpuff: Eeyup.
Kammerjunk reminds me of the name of an anime
omg, so many pings...I feel loved :D
Kammerjunk: do a physics presentation of RDs Sonic Rainboom
Kammerjunk: Such joy isnt it? xD
Hello everypony
Ninjazz: you as well, my friend :)
Hello Nerom.
Hey Nerom!
Hai Nerom
night sly
:)
DitzyHooves: It's a sort of biscuit eaten with a sort of cream-based dish that I can't explain because it's a Danish thing.
Nice wrek is streaming awesomeness again
everyone shh Wrek s watchin us
HIDE THE COKE!
No, Wrek went to get a painkiller.
Painkiller?
Medicine for his head ache.
And I'm going to get a dish of koldskål with some kammerjunker.
Morning everypony. Hows everypony doing? :)
Ahh I only get thtose for migrains
Nice slideshow while he's gone too xD
it reminds me of Kampfer
Twi_Fi: for pony purposes im a yello body and light blue eyed and pink and white maned pegasi
Oo good morning PinkiePry
Kampferjunk
Well all can see wreks best pony
DitzyDoo is best pony, hooves down
hey PinkiePry u still hungry for souls?
Hello PinkiePry.
Twilight
05back with lunch
it seems i am not the only spy
/me noms souls :3
Wb Wrek .. Nice slideshow you got there =P
Wrek: goes off to get painkillers... bring back painkillers
Hello wrek WB
1. no fan protest about the change in Luna from S1 to s2
lol i mean lunch at the end
Wrek: goes off to get painkillers... bring back lunch
xD
u so funny Wrek
Derpy didn't even really have too much screentime and 1 little change = riots
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Wait, you are a pegasus?
Derpy>Luna
Twi_Fi: for the purposes of having a ponified picture done
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Ah
Bon apetite, Wrek. Or however the French say it.
anypony want to commission me stuff?
So yea...I'm excited...I think I'm gonna start doing bead pixel art starting in the next couple days :3
DitzyHooves: Well the change in Luna was expected but not the forced change in derpy
Is somepony doing a picture for you, Alicorn_Prince_Shane?
Rule 1: you shall not talk about /b/
I need help with paying off student loans
Twi_Fi: think of me more of a pegasus i hardly use magic even tho im a ali
and rent
ye DeathStar is drawing
Wrek: Can you draw Rainbow Dash?! =O
I vote on Rarity!
pfft ^
:|
/me flips table
hey Airpuff, you remember that teacher from Airgear?
We need more Tom :P
DitzyHooves: ... hm.. give me a reminder..
I think Applejack deserves some love :P
^
00,02testing colours
00,02it works ^_^
Looks good.
colours!
Is sumica on?
Looks good, Phase4
OtakuTom: or AJ works too. I like AJ and RD best so idm either xD
i has made usefull colour script
lol Phase4 hax much?
Why don't you use colors more often, Phase4? :S
He's asleep, BroniesFTW.
00,02Ninjazz, because it makes me stand out
Or so I think.
Ninjazz: cause hes a techie
00,02Alicorn_Prince_Shane, :P
Phase4: And the problem is?...
now, picture Cheerilee as that teacher
Ninjazz: Phase4 s answer is spiderman .mp4
00,02Ninjazz, i dont want to stand out :(
Because I was wondering if he can stream Toonami this saturday.
00,02and yet i stream, LOGIC
Phase4: Dat humility. I respect it.
Omg DitzyHooves o.o
I just think AJ needs some more art. I see tons of Rainbow, Pinkie, Twilight, and Fluttershy. There's not enough Rarity and Applejack, and while I don't really mind what he draws, I'm in an AJ mood right now :p
Night All :D :P
lololol
Goodnight Alicorn_Prince_Shane.
night Alicorn_Prince_Shane :D
Night Alicorn_Prince_Shane
Ooooooh, OtakuTom... If you could see that AJ pic Wrek did a couple of weeks ago. :D
is Sumi on?
dem pings
I follow him on dA...how did I miss this?
Gnight Shane! STOP being an alicorn.
Shane!
:|
DitzyHooves: ?
Come back Shane!
OtakuTom: I'm not sure...
lemme sleep
GET IN THE HOUSE
:|
bai
OtakuTom: Its not on there
00,02yay, persistance worked
DEM SEXY BOOK!
/me kisses Shane g'night
so colour script is unloaded
lol DitzyHooves
You lot are oatmeal. Every single one of you.
00,02and now its loaded
I think it is there, Nerom...or at least I found an AJ pic he did...wait...that one's from December.
And on that note, pony verb the noun.
Phase4: Could you put it on while streaming? That would make sense right? :S
Indeed OtakuTom
It is
Ditzy Doo is Daring Doo's daughter ya know
Ummm. No.
05DitzyHooves just stop
Just no
Ninjazz, i would, but the web client doesnt suport them and i dont want to alt+tab out of the game every time
Phase4: Ah.
what.
Wrek: Draw a picture of yourself as a pony drawing! That'd be cool *-*
09,02c03,02h06,02a04,02t07,02 08,02d09,02o03,02e06,02s04,02 07,02n08,02e09,02e03,02d06,02 04,02m07,02o08,02r09,02e03,02 06,02c04,02o07,02l08,02o09,02u03,02r06,02 04,02t07,02h08,02o09,02u03,02g06,02h04,02 07,02:08,02P
Daring Do could have easily written the books after retiring from her life of adventure to teach archaeology at OX-ford
Airpuff: *slowpoke.jpg*
lol
Ninjazz: Wuut? o.o
Dat rainbow chat
Want ponies now?
Wrek, that was fair
Airpuff: Already done!
That's been done, Airpuff
Aw =c
lol
Draw what you want them Wrek T.T
While holding alt, press F4 to get instant ponies.
XD
I still vote on Rarity. :I
Since you've already drawn all xD
so there's a rule against talking about ponies now?
I vote Derpy!
Don't take it the wrong way, DitzyHooves.
bai everybody! gotta go 2 school!
Cya EpicPwnTime3! Stay Epic.
Bye Epi......gone.
what about the fact that Derpy or her family own the railroad company?
I really wanna know where he got that wallpaper of Twilight Sparkle...
Assuming facts.
You are talking fanon.
Fanon is always fiction within fiction.
how else would she be able to get a MUFFIN-shaped railcar?
/me what is this I don't even
DitzyHooves don't go and gets ya facts from Fics they are not accurete
Good morning all
Hey Litwick!
Hello Litwick.
Good morning Litwick
Morning Litwick
Salve, Litwick.
Morning, Litwick!
slowpoke.jpg
they aren't from fics. I just drawing logical conclusions from what's seen on the show
brb, changing to IRC client instead of embedded
Cya soon, ot...
Impatient bastard... :|
:D
Alright, I'm back :D
HEY OtakuTom!!!
Welcome back I mean. :)
Big Bang Theory!
suddenly dis song
/me sings along
Fanatic about OtakuTom. Ninjazz ?
so what movies did you guys pick for your lottery?
by the barenaked ladies
I feel like I'm the only guy who hasn't seen Big Bang Theory.
No, Nerom...
Look at it NOW! Ninjazz
Huh?
I'm just that popular, Nerom :P
1 typo away Ninjazz lololol
ahhh OtakuTom looks like ya are
/me stares at popular OtakuTom o.o
Whut? 6_9
Im just wierd :)
I think it's just 'cause I'm here a whole lot...lol
/me can't wait to find out the identity of the pony being drawn.
Consentrating on chat then looks at stream suddenly pony shape... I really need to have more check on both at the same time :P
Twi_Fi: I agree x)
^
http://www.usatoday.com/news/story/2012-05-22/grandmother-grandson-killing/55128726/1 < Creepy.
anypony play minecraft?
on brohoof server?
nahh mine craches
I really... Really... Hope it's Rarity. But knowing Wrek, it probably be Twilight first.
Ninjazz: xD
anypony see EDEN OF THE EAST?
We can forgive him for that Ninjazz because he is wrek and he streams awesome music :P
Aye, Nerom. :)
:)
does Wrek listen to Mic the Microphone?
Can't hold anything against him.
I'm not sure I've heard him play his songs before. :S
Mic the Microphone released a cover of Pinkie's Brew
And suddely dead chat :S
anypony heard of webcomic called NERF THIS
YES"
!
its made by a brony
nopesies
And a crazy person so that adds up
I'm still working on configuring HydraIRC. I don't get any pings or anything when someone addresses me, and I'm trying to fix that.
Does Wrek ever stop? O_o
GilDash: Prob not
GilDash: nope
And looks like we have GilDash in chat. :D
Hey GilDash!
btw
Ninjazz: Holla! :)
HELLO GilDash !
Twi_Fi: Holla! :)
It's nice to be here. Again. :D
I guess it is GilDash xD
No BLT today though. :(
http://nerf-this.com/while-home-alone/ featuring RAINBOW DASH
I try to make ponies feel welcome as possible.
I made everypony get a warning o..o
I'm starting to think that the pony might be Applejack.
BLT Where?!!1
Twi_Fi: Yeah.. she does have that pose..
Oh that has to be Applejack. That pose is too obvious of her.
common is a better word.
DitzyHooves: That's horrifying. :D
I gonna say its Chrysalis
And then suddenly.
or Cadance
Horn.
I'm pretty sure AJ doesn't have a horn. :D
HOPE. HAS. RAISED.
... Well thats true GilDash xD
I'm cool with a unicorn version of Applejack.
Twilight or Rarity mayhaps?
Prob Twilight
Eye design also hints Rarity.
^
omg my Chrome going super slow..
/me crosses fingers
It's Rarity from the eyes.
Fingers?
http://nerf-this.com/wallpaperly-sorry/ with Pinkie Pie scarf
Ninjazz: I thought Twilight because Wrek likes her, Rarity because of the eyes.
Airpuff: restart it
Thought about it
Might it be the mayor? o.o
what's the mayor's name?
Looked liker her o.o
GilDash: Time will only tell.
Airpuff: Not a unicorn. :p
I need to do that sometimes or my RE Racooncity fails
May Ormare
GilDash: Might be true.. got her eyes though xD
Airpuff: Still, not a unicorn. :D
Glasses.
GilDash: Still got her eyes!!
Hope has fallen.
hmmm hint of glasses... Might be Twilight
rarity has glasses
Or Rarity
Airpuff: She's got Rarity's eyes as well. And she *is* a unicorn. :D
FASHION glasses
Only the main will tell...
mane*
and rarity's mane
Yeah, definitely Rarity.
Rarity's designer glasses
unless its Fluttershy
GilDash: Yeah yeah.. never said it wasnt rarity, but it looked like the mayor at a certain point xD
Ninjazz: Bet you're happy now. ;)
a horny Fluttershy
GilDash: More than you can imagine...
ô.o
Airpuff: You mean before the horn. :p
GilDash: yeah before the horn xD
Ninjazz: Just keep the mess to yourself. :D
I see what you did there DitzyHooves
GilDash: No promises.
Mhm.. id rather not get messy Ninjazz xD
Airpuff: You know my preference. ;)
Airpuff: Then stand atleast 20 ft away from me. :)
http://eve.znaor.hr/evegame/index.php --- EVE offline :)
oops wrong chat
DAT
RARITY
disregard
GilDash: Ofc.. i somehow got the whole chat to get warned earlier.. to much trumpets.. xD
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeees!
Airpuff: Everyone blowing on your trumpet, huh? ;)
Dem trumpets scared me.
well, Pinkie has Balls
Dear mother of god
GilDash: Well more or less that which started it xD
I play Airpuff's trumpet like a boss.
Gimme dat trumpet one more time, Airpuff.
xD
/me gives Ninjazz his trumpet
Can I has violin instead?
/me blows on Airpuff's trumpet.
she has them stashed all over Equestria in case of a ball emergency
Pinkie is like that ACDC song
/me plays smooth jazz with Airpuff's trumpet
Wait your damn turn, GilDash. :|
/me giggles at GilDash
Ninjazz: Lol, nope. :p
Are the trumpets coming back?
Only I am qualified to handle Airpuff's trumpet.
Ninjazz: Well, I'm qualified to handle his trombone. ;)
^inneuendo
Omg this just got very awkward xD
?
DitzyHooves: No way. :D
Airpuff: You started it. :D
GilDash: Ahahaha
GilDash: Don't know an intrument to comeback with. I failed.
Ninjazz: ... Tuba?
Ninjazz: :D
You know... I don't know why I am talking to you ponies when I should be gawking at Wrek's Rarity.
Airpuff: Come on, it's a trombone. It sounds bad enough on its own. :D
Dat picture is coming out nicely.
Ninjazz: She's not going anywhere. :D
GilDash: ... I used to play the trombone when i was younger xD
GilDash: I wish she'd come here...
Airpuff: Dat innuendo.
Airpuff: How big was your trombone? ;)
Damn you Rarity you bring out the worst im me...
So a bad side..
Just one thing how is she able to stand only on her two left legs?
GilDash: .. Basstrombone xD
Airpuff: Do you want to get it out for me? ;)
Bow chicka wow ow
Ahaha
I've been here... 10 minutes. :D
Hey everypony!
Can someone try pinging me? I'm trying to see if I got pings set up on HyrdaIRC set up correctly.
OtakuTom: Holla! :)
Hey Kattchips-Pony.
Well atleast somepony listned to me :)
Darn...didn't work.
Hai Kattchips-Pony
Kattchips-Pony: Holla! :)
o.o
Hello Kattchips-Pony.
Hello Resonantwaves.
Nerom: I'd say she stands at three
Now yes
Rarity looks like she's tripping on something. :D
Hello :D
Thanks
She's trying to fabulous, GilDash.
No not trying...
She IS fabulous.
Ninjazz: It looks alike a shot just before she fails. :D
Aaaw you made wrek change it ._.
It wasnt that bad =I
It wasnt bad at all acctually *glares*
Twise I did :P
Try again?
Airpuff: It was. If I can see it it's bad. :D
GilDash: With a smile like that? I think not!
OtakuTom! Yo!
GilDash: Meh, it wasnt ._.
Gah! Why is it not working? :(
/me is watching Twilight read a book in the corner of the stream.
Maybe I should wildcard it...
Nick: Hello everybody! ( Hello brownies ;) )
Airpuff: Her center of mass was way off. It'd only work if she was propped up against something.
/me has a bad feeling
GilDash: How come?
Hello Derpy_Ctrax.
05she is in motion so she doesnt trip
Airpuff: Just look at her!
HAH!
Wrek: That's the other available option. :D
Hello Derpy_Ctrax.
One more time?
GilDash: There is no telling wether or not she is leaning backwards...
OtakuTom! heeeeeeey!
Boourns...still not working...
I which case it looks strange with her right fore-hoof that far upwards. :D
05besides if AJ can stand on only 2 left legs
Then how the buck does she have her right hoof before her left leg? Doing a sexy stance mid walk?
05so can rarity
05eeyup Nerom
^
Airpuff: She's blatently not leaning backwards. :S
Logic is not flawed from wrek darn.. I rest my case
When you look good physics can go buck itself.
Nerom: Those never go well. Not mid-walk. Termination, meybe. :D
Wrek: No telling she's not leaning on her back leg though or putting any weight on it? ._.
Wrek: Or are you going to make the ground like that it looks like she is leaning on it?
Well GilDash Wrek did confirm it
Seriouly, it looks like she's either propped up against something or she's about to falter on her next stride. But that's just my two cents.
How the hell am I going to study with her on screen, now?...
Nerom: Disregard artist, critique anyway. :D
DAT
WIGGLE
Wrek: just draw a wall in the backroun and there is no problem ..
backround*
Well Im an artist myself but not on wreks level but I do know my stuff
/me flips table.
05implying im on a level
I'm an artist in no way shape or form. I'm just saying what my eyes see.
Level of awesomeness compared to me.. Atleast with ponies
Im a noobie artist..
I've usually got a intuitive grasp of physics mecanics. So, I can't give you formulas. :D
Feel bad when i compare against wreks work xD
I wish I could draw....
Please, I haven't even draw anything and tried to be serious since primary school. :D
Twi_Fi: You can.. just sketch up and use your time.
Brb btw
BRB, removing plate...
Rarity?
Last thing I drew were sketches of characters from Naruto. Ohhhh, those were dark days.
Yes, Radu.
The one and only. ;0
Sweet.
;)
Hello Radu.
Wrek: Any chance of more GoT today?
Hi there, Twi_Fi c:
He streamed GoT while I was gone?
Ninjazz: He did the first two eps of season 2 yesterday.
Damn it...
Always miss the good stuff. :(
Try one more ping on me?
Ninjazz: You should've gone to bed earlier then. :p
OtakuTom: PING!
GilDash: Not that. School.
Still not working :(
Just one more week and I am a Freeman.
OtakuTom!
Or Freepony.
Either works.
I don't know why pinging isn't working on Hydra DX
Ninjazz: Well, tell your school to change its scheduel. :D
Ninjazz: That's funny, after this week I start work. :D
GilDash: Next thing in the morning they'll be hearing from me.
GilDash: The irony! :D
Ninjazz: It wouldn't be so bad, and it's for a nice place, but my brothers are both off for 2 weeks right when I start. =_=
Ninjazz: I'll be getting stick for a fortnight. :D
GilDash: Hmmm. Sounds bad.
Not so bad as you said.
But still, sounds like you'd rather do something else.
Ninjazz: Oh no, it's fine. I'll just have to find something else to tease them about.
Ninjazz: I'd rather do nothing. :D That's hardly an option though.
GilDash: What did you tease them about before?
My lord... She has a bracelet.
Ninjazz: Mainly being able to laze around all day while they're at school/college like they're going to do to me now that I'm at work. :D
Ello there, everypony.
Malavolent: Holla! :)
Hello Malavolent.
Hey Malavolent!
Hai Malavolent
Ninjazz: I thought she was going to be wearing a sweater for a moment...
GilDash: that would be a waste o.o
GilDash: She'd look good in anything any way.
Airpuff: I dunno. I can think of at least one pony who might be interested in that. :D
Ninjazz: True, true.
Really GilDash ? =O
Who would that pony be I wonder?
Airpuff: Ah ha. ;)
Meh...I'll work on it later...I'm missing out on watching the drawing :P
brb..... AGAIN D=
Ninjazz: It's probably not appropriate for here. And it's not me either. :D
GilDash: *Raises eyebrow* What?
And I'm apparently missing out on some interesting chat XD
05she twirls around, stops mid motion in front of the mirror, raising her hoof to watch her bracelet as she slowly falls forward with gravity adn then catches herself and continues twirling around
Ninjazz: ... Braeburned. :D
OtakuTom: Rarity being drawn. Get in here.
I am digging this song.
Wrek: So much justification... :D
I like it...
So much.
Confound logic and stopping in the moment. :D
And I do not approve of that ship, GilDash. :|
I AM A DWARF AND IM DIGGING A HOLE,DIGGY DIGGY HOLE,IM DIGGING A HOLE
Barely know each other.
Stupid, sexy Braeburn.
Wait, what shipping?
Ninjazz: Well, he's for the other gender anyway. ;)
GilDash: Indeed he is. :D
Kammerjunk: Not Braeburn, Braeburn*ed.*
Ninjazz: He does like sweaters though. :D
GilDash: I stand by my statement.
GilDash: Taking them off, more like.
/me cares not for Braeburn.
Kammerjunk: Yeah, Braeburn is... confusing me. :D
Ninjazz: I don't think he bothers. :D
GilDash: Everypony is gay for Braeburn. 'Tis a fact.
So much Rarity...
Kammerjunk: I guess so... Explain Thunderlane then. :D Or 'Soarin. :D
Good morning.
Soarin's pretty cool, but he's no Braeburn.
Hey Om! Damage report.
Om: You've missed Airpuff's trumpet ceremony.
Lucky me.
Ninjazz: Damage?
Aw shit, best pony drawing
Kammerjunk: I'll be honest, for stallions it's Breaburn, Thunderlane, followed slightly behind by 'Soarin.
Om: I assume you are constantly being attacked while I am gone.
Heus Om, et salve, CrimsonPhoenix.
Hello Om.
CrimsonPhoenix: Indeed! Welcome! ;)
Hello CrimsonPhoenix.
Bonjour Bronystate~
CrimsonPhoenix: Holla! :)
Ninjazz: Probably.
Om: That'd be no fun. I need some kind of reaction. ;)
Hopefully.. i get to sit here for more than 1 minute this time ._.
Om: Does that mean you don't want to talk about that? :S
Airpuff: Take your computer with you!
GilDash: I just woke up, you can wait.
Ninjazz: You might not want to hear about it. ;)
GilDash: Actually, I would.
/me brushes Om's bedridden mane.
Ninjazz: I remember lots a lazers
Om: Brushie, brushie, brushie...
:D
GilDash: ... While carrying a furniture and a grill around my house? xDD
05painkillers y u no help headache >.>
Airpuff: Grow another arm! :D
Wrek: WATER!
Wrek: Yeah, water.
GilDash: .. I already have one ;) xDD
Airpuff: ANOTHER I SAY! :D
Wrek: If L4D has tought us anything, take the entire bottle in one go.
05but ive had several jugs already
Meh GilDash .. you're never pleased..
Airpuff: You never put enough effort in. ;)
Wrek: ... maybe Huuuuuuuuge!! Tracts of land will help ya?
Effort is for loosers.
/me stares at GilDash .... Ya right.
:S
Or losers?
Losers.
Airpuff: Experience would say otherwise. :)
Ninjazz: Thanks
GilDash Ahahaha
My pleasure, Om. :)
Om: Your grammar is failing everywhere now. :D
Wow...I must be tired...I'm randomly clicking between the websites that I frequent, and suddenly went to Bronystate going "I wonder if anybody's streaming anything"...while already watching the stream >_>
GilDash: I don't need gramer in the morning
Cue my own grammar failure any message now... :D
Hmm, the majority of bronies (about 32%) are atheists
/me hands OtakuTom some coffee
Epic OtakuTom xD
I'm not one of them Radu. Just saying.
/me is extra careful with the grammar in his messages for a little while.
Radu: Im simply a God. xD
Holy Crap! Pings work all of a sudden! I have no clue why, either!
Same 'ere Ninjazz
Oh you, Airpuff. :D
/me giggles
Airpuff: You've got the ego of one. ;)
GilDash: Thats beacuse i am one Silly :P
Airpuff: Shame you haven't got the stamina. ;)
GilDash: Looks who's talking xD
And... the chat room is silent. :D
I'll be back, gota take the morning bathroom run. AWAY!
/me bonks GilDash and Airpuff with a rolled up newspaper
Down ponies.
Airpuff: Oh, but I am a simple pony, not a god. :D
Ninjazz: Hush, you. :p
GilDash: Well i am a god. Idm. I have to put myself down at your level xD
Airpuff: I think you mean elevate to mine. :)
It's just about bedtime for me, actually. I just got home from work a little over an hour ago. At least I have the night off tonight so I can hang out here without being distracted by tons of phone calls.
I'm not the one filling this chat with innuendo, GilDash.
11.•10«11WB10 (Lighty10) 11WB10»11•. 10- i sooo love e-mail, i win atleast 5 cars everyday
GilDash: xD
Cya OtakuTom! Take care of yourself.
Go fullscreen, and read the comments on the stream, it's funny
GilDash: Cant come with a comeback now.. thats sad =c
Ninjazz: It's a perfectly clean conversation unless you're already in a dirty state of mind. Maybe you should work on that. :)
I know right, Radu.
Mhm Ninjazz You should take a cold shower.
Goodnight OtakuTom.
Gn OtakuTom
Airpuff: Tsk, I'm one over you. ;)
06irs HOT outside X.x
Ah...maybe that's why pinging wasn't working earlier...punctuation at the end doesn't get flagged for the ping...
OtakuTom: Night. :)
GilDash: My mind is constantly in that state of mind. Unlike you, I know how to repress it.
I'll work on that later. See you all later.
GilDash: Yeah.. you're over me... "If you know what i mean?"
Cya OtakuTom
Ninjazz: Unlike you I don't think it needs to be repressed. :)
05hwos that tail?
Wrek: Looking good. :)
Amazing.
Maintenance!
Wrek: Hmpf, epic
Wonderbar
It looks good
GilDash: Unlike you, I don't go attack ponies looking for "treats".
attacking*
Three months ago, I joined the herd! :D
Ninjazz: You don't?
Maintenance?....
Ninjazz: I like to think of it as trick or treat. I win either way. :)
Om: I don't... :|
I hope glitterglue isnt toxic... Is glitter glue toxic? Well if so bye.
Ninjazz: Sure sure.
Airpuff: Yes.
TheRandomkid321: It's for kids. I'd assume no. :D
Omg.. my soul..
Om: Why do you think of me in that way?
GilDash okay then *nom*
lol TheRandomkid321 xD
TheRandomkid321: That doesn't mean eat more. :D
Airpuff: I'm a Litwick. I have it.
Ninjazz: So I could see your reaction.
Om: You bastard...
Wat Litwick? xDD Hi btw
I FEEL LIKE I AM A MAGICAL UNICORN MAGICALLY LEVETATING THROUGH THE FIELDS OF EQUESTRIA!
Ninjazz: You use that word a lot.
If you read Litwick's Pokedex entry you'll get the joke.
Om: Tsk, if you want a tease, try me. ;)
ô.o
Om: It's one of my hallmarks. I actually think I might be one of the only to use it.
Ninjazz: I use that word a lot too. Just not in chat. :D
GilDash: Okay, would you care to talk about the epicness of LAAZZZZERRS!?
GilDash: Doesn't count.
I say bastard barstard. Like I put soem english sound into it... I like english people ^_^
/me jumps onto Om's back.
Okay now i feel sick :(
TheRandomkid321: I didn't say you should eat more. :D
Ninjazz: Help! I'm being attacked!
TheRandomkid321: .... You're so glittery on the inside right now..
Quick question for bored people: How much data is stored in your Recycle Bin?
Radu: 0.
Same.
/me jumps on GilDash's back
Pile on!
Radu: ... The stuff you put in there?
Ninjazz: I never liked you anyway >.>
/me jumps on Ninjazz 's back
0512.7GB
Om: Oh, don't be like that. :)
Yes, Airpuff
Oh my, 12.7?!
/me colapses
Wrek: Actually how? :O
Om: Least I don't treat you like a chew toy, right?
You don't empty it often, do you?:D
05cleaned up some old recorded sessions
/me nibbles on Om's ear.
Ninjazz: At least.
Oh.
I was attacked by somethign afew nights ago. Whatever it was it appeared to be wearing blackface makeup and went OOH! when it "attacked" me. I felt two of its fingers on me. I knwo sleep with the light on.
Okay, fair enough. :D
Oi, GilDash. Not allowd when others in the pile. :|
... ugh well fuck me... forgot to put in password
-_- its to early for this
Ninjazz: Don't make me turn my head around... ;)
/me nibbles Ninjazz 's ear
Airpuff... You treading ground not meant for living ponies.
Airpuff OH CLET+STIA GET A PRIVATE CHAT!
04~One toke over the line~
Dat drawer
x)
04Hey hey, guess who's still awake
Hi Ghosties.
/me points to self "This guy"
Hey ghsties
Ghosties: ... Might it be sumerpan?
GilDash: As sorry as I feel for Om, don't turn around.
Ninjazz: You see? Don't question me. :)
Ohey Ghosties!
Ninjazz: I don't hold it against you.
Ahaha
04I has water and pringles
hiya
seriosly. WHY DID YOU TELL ME TO INGEST TAHT GLITTER GLUE GilDash!?
Hey Resonantwaves!
04Now if that ain't a healthy breakfast then I don't know what is
05Ghosties: fav poni?
TheRandomkid321: I told you it wasn't toxic. I never said, "EAT THE GLITTER GLUE." :D
04Vinyl, you know that :P
Good choice, Ghosties.
Ghosties: Fav mane 6?
Hello TheRandomkid321, Ghosties, and Resonantwaves.
TheRandomkid321: you acctually ate the glitter blue? o.o
GilDash: You give bad advice
GilDash I eas anything that SINt toxic. I am currently ingesting fluff from my pillow...
TheRandomkid321: Eat the green one and it gets better :)
04Favorite of the mane six would be AJ
Om: My advice is critically acclaimed for its excellance, thank you. :)
Nice
Judging by his spelling, looks like we are already losing him.
TheRandomkid321: Then I can't be held accountable. :D
GilDash: ... dat excellance xD
GilDash: I think you. Are lieing.
Also good choice, Ghosties. She doesn't nearly get enough love as she deserves.
I think Wrek's drawing drunk again...
05oh well i think the sketch is more or less done
It's almost 10 am EST.
GilDash You coudlbe said it WAs toxic. Im random for a reason!
Indeed.
It looks good, Wrek. VERY GOOD. So good.
04Well, I just think AJ is the most "down to earth" pony on the team
TheRandomkid321: Oh... okay then... :D
Glitterglue is toxic, have fun dying <3
04And I can relate because we're both from the South
Dat pun Ghosties
Digitalis! Long time no see!
Southern birds?:O
05btw ghosties oyu have yet to comment spitfire and lotus
Digitalis... GILDASH YOU BUCKIG LYAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
04Dats cuz I'm not even in the stream, Wrek :P
O 0
Hai Ninjazz ^^ i decided to poof for a while for personal reasons I rather not explain :|
Hello Digitalis.
TheRandomkid321: I said it was made for kids, so it *probably* isn't toxic. :$
05its cool ill link you
hai xD
Digitalis: I won't go walking where I'm not wanted. :)
well... I ate a teeny tiny all of it and hothothothot
TheRandomkid321: ... You know.. eat the green one. It makes it all better!!! ;)
Dat Oops.
^^
Would a small ball the size of a pea hurt?
I probably won't be in here much anyways, but I'll poof in once in a while and be here movie nights
05time to make a cup off coffee
Good to hear, Digitalis! :)
TheRandomkid321: No, the biger the ball the less pain you feel
:D
Eh, I'm not a fan of coffee. Or anything hot drinkwise.
Om... oh celestia...
05ejoy the music while i afk
GilDash: ..... You and your... sugar-tea..
05n*
Unless it's Irish coffee. *That's* nice. :)
Im gonna listen to lowhanging fruit.
GilDash: Then stop licking me if you hate coffee so much >.>
04Looks pretty great, Wrek. Say, when did you get Maker's request to do Lotus?
That's funny, GilDash. I'd thought for sure you'd like Hot Coffee.
Dat eJoy
Om: You're just the right temperature. ;)
Ninjazz: I see what you did there. :p
Ain't I clever?
ahaha
05lotus is his fav pony which came up durign the same old who is best poni yesterday
05i was bored and i hadnt draw her before so
05anyays afk gettign coffee
Ninjazz: no
04Oh dat's cool
04I mean
Om: Shush or I won't help get GilDash off you.
04You know
I FEEL SOOOO BUCKED RIGHT NOW!
04I requested something like three or four months ago >>
:D
Ninjazz: I don't think you would help before.
Rarity is best poni
It's because Wrek doesn't like you anymore. He's no longer your waifu.
Om: I would, though.
04He was never my waifu
04But he was always one of my artists
04Does that count?
CrimsonPhoenix: Agreed.
xD
Om, Ninjazz: You shouldn't talk about ponies right in front of them. :)
Yes. He's no longer your artist.
Ninjazz: Saying wou "would" doesn't mean you will.
04LIKE HELL, HE'S MA ARTFU
04MA
04ARTFU
Don't eavesdrop on a private conversation, GilDash.
I just checked the glitter glue box... it says non toxic... EAT ON!
04Welcome welcome, Kirz
Om: I thought about it.
05turn out sis had already prepped coffee
05<3
Ninjazz: Don't have it when you're sandwiching the one you're talking about. :D
Sounds like the best sister ever.
1,3good morning everpony :)
Hey kirzstryfe!
04Yeah, so *coughs* Wrek
Even though I don't drink coffee.
kirzstryfe: Holla! :)
wazzup?
04You did that entire Lotus pic in like a day
Hello kirzstryfe.
GHOSTIES IS TSUNDERE FOR YOU WREK. RUN!
04And I asked for that one request like months ago :I
Oh yea. Still in a pony pile...super -_-
05actually lotus and spitfire took me a day
GilDash: I'm just doing what I can for poor ol' Om.
05about 6 work hours each
morning kirzstryfe
Ninjazz: You'd only condemn yourself. It's not worth it. :)
Lol Ghosties. That was funny.
04Yeah, but, you did them both within 24 hours of Maker putting it out there about Lotus
Ninjazz: I'm not poor! Just...yeah.
GilDash: I'd still try. :P
04And um...oh, you know, months ago I requested that one drawing >_>
Ninjazz: Keep trying and you'll be on the list. ;)
Om: You're poor, dude. Just look at where you are.
9:55 am EST/8:55 am CST/6:55 am PST.
GilDash: Looks like you've forgotten.
Ghosties: I get the feeling you're trying to hint something, but I'm not sure what. :D
Ninjazz: I'd rather not.
I should probably take that as a good thing actually.
/me is still noming on Ninjazz 's ear xD
Considering what it curtails.
Id prefere my own msic in the BG
04Oh, hello request that I had requested months ago :>
TheRandomkid321: Mute the stream then
Ninjazz: This is what happens when you don't actually have a list. :D
Radu i have
05i could pull the "delayed it so i could practice and improve so it would be better" ;3
How does it taste, Airpuff? Want a Hoof sammich afterwords? :|
04Touche
/me Smiles at Ninjazz "It tastes Ninja with a small taste of Jazz. And ofc id love a hoof sammich xD
04Well, while you work on that Imma listen to JSR musics
Airpuff: Prepare for a trip to the dentist. :D
/me hoofs hoof sammich right into Airpuff face
Wait...so does "ofc" mean ofcourse then?
Yes, Om.
Ohhh.
Om: Yes. :D
/me creates a magic barrier before he hits. Leaving him unharmed "Nom =)"
/me "jackiechan.jpg"
I alwasy thought it meant like, "oh frigen celestia" or something.
lol
lol Om
Om: =_(\
xD
Hello everypony!
Resonantwaves: Holla! :)
Hai Resonantwaves
Hello again, Resonantwaves.
:)
I'm not good with abreviations :(
i finished a new ambient soundtrack if anypony would like to hear
That's alright, Om. I'm terrible at spelling.
Om: That's what you get for reading everything literally. :D
Ninjazz: So is Om. :D
bed time
04At some point I'd love to get a different interpretation of my request :D
GilDash: Aye, suppose so.
gnight everyone
Phase4: Night, night. :)
04Night Phase
GilDash: I'm not that bad!
Gnight Phase4! Thanks for the stream earlier! :)
04But this will be awesome for now
Gn Phase4
Om: I'm not going to answer that. :D
04So question for you fine lads
Om Nope you're not Om :)
nit/e\]\
Ninjazz: Wait, Phase4 did a stream? What was it?
/me 's feeling are hurt.
04How many of you recognize what Wrek's drawing?
/me noms on Om's ear.
Did it hit ya right in the feels Om? xD
Your OC and Vinyl Scratch
GilDash: Some videos, some Portal 2.
Rite?
04Nope, not my OC
hi bronystate
Stop feeling so hurt, Om.
Ears are not food GilDash >.>
Ninjazz: Oh, okay. I know he said a few days ago he might be streaming something soon.
Then whose OC is that?
04It's not an OC
mfw
im try infg to wrie wth one hand and the far right part of the keyboared is un vieable
Who is he?
Om: Just making you feel wanted. ;)
/me stares at Om.. yes they are! Keeps on noming at Ninjazz 's ear.
GilDash: You need to be up a bit earlier to see what he streams.
04Any of you ever heard of Jet Set Radio? It was a Dreamcast title that came out in 2000, I believe
silent chat?
/me twitches his ears
GilDash: This is not the way to do it.
Ninjazz: No, just on Bronystate earlier. :D
Nope, just my stupid chat scrolling up to the top on it's own.
GilDash: Also works. :)
04Okay so
04This is Vinyl
Ghosties: I vaguely know what you're talking about. I assume its something from that ponified?
Yeah.. that is Vinyl.. xD
Why is Vinyl so awesome?
04And this
04Is Beat
04http://images.wikia.com/jetsetradio/images/9/9c/BeatJSR.jpg
Vinyl should scratch somepony.
that was
freaking retarded
Dat beat. xD
wow
04Leader of the GGs, a graffiti painting inline skating crew
See what you did there Ninjazz ... xD
Ghosties: That's a blast from the past, and I've never even seen a real Dreamcast. :D
Sounds epic
Oh so that's a ponied GG?
I mean Beat.
04Basically, when I saw Vinyl I thought "Dude, she's Beat but in pony form and R63'd"
> remove the bluetooth configs/service and tell mint to backup, I close my laptop and when I opened it, it was at the login screen and cinnamon was gone and Unity was there, wtf
I can see the resemblence.
And you wanted wreck to draw that?
04But uh, if you've never played Jet Grind Radio you should do so
04It's one of the greatest games
12so I just watched an ongoing "honest trailers" series on youtube
12lmao
04Ever
/me is retrieving squash. Be right back. ;)
12hilarious
xD Squash
GilDash: Not the plant right?
Now's our chance, Om.
04Oh, and yes Om
12!pokemon
Soital, you are a 4Nidoran (f).
Om: No, not the plant. :D
Good morning everypony
mornin pyrocatboy
Hey pyrocatboy!
04I wanted someone that I knew could bring my request to life, that would treat the drawing with talent and respect
Ghosties: Ohhh, that sounds like a good crossover
04And Wrek was pretty much the best choice
GilDash: Have you ever had the plant?
Indeed.
Whats Wrek drawing?
Ninjazz: Our chance for what?
Om: RUN YOU FOOL!
Lol Ninjazz he dosent even remember xD
04He's drawing Vinyl Scratch and a ponified Beat from Jet Set Radio
05(cause he doesnt know that many people he quite a loner and suc.. i mean HI I WUB WHU)
-_- where Ninjazz
Om: Incredibily good point, my friend.
Om... There's no escape.
Airpuff: Go play with a traped mouse of somehting >.>
/me noms on Om
/me giggles at Om I am
Wow.
04But man, I seriously can't wait till later this Summer. Jet Grind Radio HD is coming out on XBLA and PSN
>_< doh
Yay.
04My problem
I might get it then, Ghosties. I don't think I could find a Dreamcast.
pyrocatboy: Why must you encourage them.
04Is that I bought a used Dreamcast and a copy of Jet Grind Radio for it two days before learning of the HD release
04Soooooooooooooo, I felt kinda peeved
Awww, man.
04But hell, I got Shenmue as well
04And Shenmue is epiccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
Dat terrible luck.
Om : Because I feel like it.
Oh! Then it's all worth it.
04Yep :3
04Besides, Dreamcast was like the coolest system ever
I dislike that reason -_-
Before it died, you know?
04Yeah, pretty much
I wonder how did it die. You had so much promise.
So much red
Om : Well too bad!
04I believe it could have contended with PS2 and Xbox, honestly
It*
04Bad marketing
04SEGA really messed it up
/me giggles at pyrocatboy "Good going"
05welcoem to sweden, where the coffee is so strong it could kill a samll animal
Ninjazz: Bad advertising or marketing I'd assume.
Ahhhh.
lol Wrek xD
Always the case.
04Lol, don't mess your internal organs up Wrek :P
Airpuff: Well, we're all big game here. :D
GilDash: Eeyup
Wrek : ...I WANT SOME!!!
Wrek how bad could that be?
04But Dreamcast had some truly amazing titles. Sonic Adventure 1 and 2, Shenmue, JGR, and those are just a few examples
05bad?
Good* :)
05no you misunderstand
05its good
I should get some...
Ugh. I need a cup right now.
It's bad for you but too good for you to care. :)
Yeah, that logic.
Ninjazz: Heh, logic. :D
GilDash: You missed an apostrophie.
Who needs it right, GilDash? :3
Om: Where? :S
Ninjazz: Exactly. :D
GilDash: Right there, I'm pointing at ti.
it*
Ninjazz: Meh
Om: Nope, don't see it. :)
The system, not the mod.
GilDash: That is because the lazers took it out.
04Hmm, these pringles are pretty good.
Om: Lasers can't mess with my grammar. :)
04What could have been...what could have been...
/me stares at om... "Dat lazer..." xD
/me smacks Airpuff.
Airpuff: Don't you start. :|
GilDash: I never said anything about lasers, I am talking about LAZZZZERS!
/me is cut by LAZAR
Airpuff: Start.
You know you'd hit Ninjazz instead of me? xD
Om: Lasers? Oh yes, I know what they are. :)
04I never did get to play NiGHTS
/me is suddenly aware
What?
T'would appear Wrek is streaming.
Allo everypony.
GilDash: >.> you're no fun.
Ninjazz: Im lying atop of you and GilDash smacked me xD
Hey Meanwhile!
04But I did get to play Guardian Heroes, which was a good game
Meanwhile: Holla! :)
Meanwhile X Trixie
Airpuff: I'm very flexible. ;)
GilDash: Ahahaha
Apparently, you have struck me, GilDash. :(
04Meanwhile, in BronyState...
Hai Meanwhile
/me in Bronystate.
Ninjazz: No, I smacked Airpuff. If you'd like me to, however... ;)
Meanwhile: So, have you dried youself up now? :D
Ninjazz: Run!
No, keep smacking who ever you usually smack.
/me stares at GilDash .... Its Laser not lazor.. =P
>_>
/me is cut by LAZAR
Ghosties: http://derpy.me/UxUZl
/me strokes Airpuff's mane. "That's better."
Om: I would... But I can't move via Airpuff... >_<
/me stares at GilDash ... "Dat flexible"..
Tomato can see into your soul.
Ninjazz: You brought that upon yourself.
/me keeps on noming at Ninjazz 's ear! xD
Airpuff: ;)
04TOMATO!!
Om: I never asked for this.
Stream has now become tomatoes.
Tomato is a fruit
Teh skool buses are coming, west coast.
Die Tomato! nuuuuuuuuu
Ninjazz: And yet here you are.
Dat Yin-Yang xD
04I didn't ask for tomato, but damn if I didn't get a cute one :3
Just what the hey is going on with the stream? :D
Toe may toe
is this kirz?
04Wrek is drawing
or wrek?
DaringDude: Nah, Wrek.
ok
One does not simply ask for tomato.
Om: Would you have wanted to got through this alone?
04WHERE WAS TOMATO WHEN...
Meanwhile: ... Can i have a tomato?
Where was Tomato when Gondor.
Ghosties: We were waiting for Gondor?
04Yes
04Where was Tomato when Gondor
Ninjazz: Hmmm. That's a trick question.
Om: Also an honest one.
GilDash: http://derpy.me/L-Uim Here y'are.
Om: And one you can't answer either way. :)
04Tomato pops up on screen
Meanwhile: :O
GilDash: That is why its a trick >.>
No fair Meanwhile i asked! xD
Om: If you'd like I can offer my suggestion...
How'd it get burn\
Evil tomatoes...
dat tomato
04Dat
04Rarity
04Folder
HOW'D IT GET BURN HOW'D IT GET BURN
/me hugs everypony :3
^^^
My bad Airpuff. http://derpy.me/UtgBM
Hey Tarku!
Thats better!
Om: You'd be surprised. ;)
xD
GilDash: I supprise easily.
hey does anyoiny know if i can use my ipad as a tablet for a drawing program?
Damn internet refreshed itself.
Not sure he'd like that surprise.
The second this computer breaks down, I'm getting a Macbook Pro.
05gona have to take a break
05how about a movie?
O.o
05that OK ghosties dear?
What kind of movie?
/me spins around the n runs out the door to school
04Yes :3
Okay, me. If that counts for anything.
with me*
DaringDude: Have fun! :)
The kind of movie...that moves.
Meanwhile: One would hope. :D
DaringDude: Later
Dat wallpaper.
Everything myst be perfect.
... dat PERFECT
Yes, it must Twilight. :)
GilDash: What about Twilight .-.
Back hurts again... Om, your on your own while I recover.
Om: Well... you know... :$
/me shoves off Airpuff
/me holds tight
/me does not know
Come on... I wanna lay down.
/me pushes Airpuff
I swear the singer just said "where was Gondor"
Ninjazz: Get better, or worse you choice
Selective hearing apparently.
/me stares at Ninjazz .. "you are lying down" *Holds on tight still*
Airpuff: Don't be mean. :p
/me walks off.. alright then.. =c
/me hops off GilDash
/me hops on GilDash and hugs
xD
/me is still lying on Om.
/me streches
Yes, and you're heavy.
You know it feels good when you hear those satisfying cracks.
Om: And you're a wuss. :)
movie?
Movie.
Ninjazz: .. know right *-*
GilDash: I prefer recluse.
/me watches Ninjazz stretching.
Where was Gondor when movie out of scheduled hours?
/me suddenly stops
!help
04Well, splosion film
>A Michael Bay Fild
sounds like halo
Oh, I've seen this. Nicolas Cage. :[
Film*
Wind Talkers.
The Rock, huh?
Oh nvm
Then, Sean Connery... :)
tom
Dat rock
Dwayne Johnson.
Well, in this for a Sean anyway.
GilDash: You're a strange one.
05its ok ghosties it has soem crazy cage
Meanwhile: Ironically is nowhere around int his film. :D
04It better :I
John C Mcginley?!
The film doesn't even started and you hear explosions:D
Dat OST
and see
Om: I have an irrational hatred of Nicholas Cage. :S
GilDash: Whaai? =O
GilDash: Oh...kay.
SirGanjalf: It did warn you it was a Michael Bay film. :D
now that the explosions are covered, where are the clowns?
/me impersonates Nicholas Cage
04PISS BLOOD!
/me pours bees all over Om
Airpuff: The only films I've ever like with Nick that I've seen are this one showing, Con Air and Kickass.
Ninjazz: Whyeeeee!?
Om: Say the damn line, man. :|
/me puts a picture on Nicholas Cage on GilDash 's flank and giggles
04The Nick Cage films I like are Vampire's Kiss and The Wicker Man
Airpuff: ... :|
/me removes it before he gets hurt
xD
Ninjazz: What line>.>
/me facehoof
Airpuff: You're going to be in trouble... ;)
Om: NOT THE BEES! THE BEES! AAAAAAAAHHHHHHH! ABRBRBRBRBB! MY EYES!
zombies can't hear you
05best OST imo though
GilDash: Too bad x)
Airpuff: Don't listen to it, I never got in trouble for lazers
/me salutes
Ninjazz: He said that?
Om: For someone impersonating Nick you're doing an appaling job.
Ghosties: Search in YT for "Nick Cage loses his shit", if you didn't already;)
Om: Oh yes. It's worse than you think too.
Airpuff: It will be for you. ;)
6_9
GilDash: xDD
Ninjazz: Alrighty then.
04Oh, we used to show that video here all the time Ganjalf :D
I WANT THAT CAKE!
IMMA VAMPIYAH
watch out comin from the window
FACE
O.o
lol
HOW'D IT GET BURNED?!
IMMA VAMPIREYA
05sadly not the craziest cage movie
lets do this
One of his better performances, if you ask me.
Dis soundtrack
04Hell, probably the least crazy Cage films are either the National Treasure films or Face Off
this music would fit to something medieval, but not to this
05i liked faceoff
Ninjazz: Few of the moments when his role is not over the top
04Face Off was okay
I liked National Treasure.
/me resists urge to sing "Cant touch this" knowing the penalty for doing so.
Ninjazz: That's why I can tolerate him in this.
I don't think i have seen Face off
/me touches Om.
/me looks at Om... Do it..
cand touch this
Om: I'm on top of you, silly filly. :D
GilDash: You should learn to love his Over acting. :3
GilDash: Guess you're easy to forget.
Indeed.
Airpuff: No.
Ninjazz: That's the problem. It sort of ruins the film for me. :S
:[:[
/me jaw falls to the floor "WHAT THE FUCK HAVE YOU DONE Ninjazz !!!" "THIS ISNT OVERACTING!"
He doesn't look so good.
dem ponz
Always felt really bad for that guy.
cool
eww
/me looks at Airpuff
Must have been Willie Pete.
What are you talking about?
Btw Ghosties, http://i.imgur.com/1fdtX.jpg
/me looks at Ninjazz
dat rube goldberg machine
omg Meanwhile xD
danger! danger!
/me looks at Ninjazz and Airpuff...Now kiss xD
Dat tomato ghost.
/me imitates an alarm "MEEP, MEEP, MEEP!"
dat VALVe
/me looks at Om and GilDash "Do eet"
goodnight everypony :D
Night Resonantwaves
Gnight Resonantwaves!
Om: You are getting *very* comfortable right now... :D
Ninjazz: Okay. ;)
/me kisses Om.
/me washes the blood off his hands
Om indeed, you are getting a bit too comfortable to be you =O
04Meanwhile, that is simply divine darling~~
04Saved~
/me turns head away for GilDash
:3
/me moves head and kisses Om again.
what tha-
haha
I've got some bad news and some really bad news.
Dat Gas.
/me Moves again and curses Ninjazz
RUN AWAAAAY!
You no one else to blame, Om.
But you.
Ninjazz: I still blame you!
/me holds Om's head in place and kisses him.
=O
/me "mfmmffhmf!"
Om: Eh. Complaints go to GilDash.
atropin?
What if I miss my heart!
Ninjazz: GilDash is away right now. Please leave a message. ;)
inject directly in heart?
/me is tempted to mesage GilDash... But you know...
Oh, i remember that scene from Pulp Fiction, now:D
xD
time to go
better than "apply directly to the forehead"
^
Hi everypony. What we watching?
Atropin, apply directly to the forehead.
Ninjazz: I'd definitely get back for you. ;)
Allo BronyJenkins.
TrixieMuffin: .. that would hurt o.o
Dat Cage Face.
heya guys
GilDash: You're busy. Please leave a message.
Allo Chrysalis
Hey Chrysalis!
Usual tuesday for Nicholas Cage
Hey BronyJenkins!
Ninjazz: No, you, silly. :D
hi Chrysalis
how is everyone this loverly afternoon
GilDash: :3
Oh shit a Nic Cage movie
How do you KNOW?
Chrysalis: Been better, but good.
gtfo!
hm...
So what does Nic Cage do in this movie?
Well, gosh.
^
Chrysalis: I'm okay, thank you. :)
04Alva
He's Nic Cage. That is all.
defusing poison gas bombs
04......Alva
04ALVA...!
run!
/me will probably begin writing to avoid Nick Cage.
Whoa... Whoa... Marriage police. Pull over... =_(\
Dwayne Johnson is the most feared prison ever built :I
awesomescum
Can you smell what Alcatraz is cooking?
GilDash: Then go write >.> stop complaining.
morning everyone
Hey Conyst!
/me dem tight shorts.
All things considered I dread to think what Alcatraz cooked.
Ohhh, those inmates are "Caged"
Om: I like complaning. I'm British. :)
:D
Booooooooooo
:3
Om...
So, Ed Harris is the good or the bad guy?
GilDash: Just because your a brit doesn't mean you can get away with everything <.<
05its a matter of definition SirGanjalf
Ninjazz: xD
Wrek: interesting...
Possible penetration point in the shower room? really?
<_<
>_>
^:D
Oooo Dinner!
Om: You'd be amazed how persuasive us Brits can be. ;)
Talk to ya guys later ^^
c<f
xD
Bai
See ya Airpuff
Meanwhile: Don't say that while I'm around. :D
Cya Airpuff! Stay puffy.
hay Airpuff
bay
GilDash: I haven't seen any of it as of yet.
Airpuff: Aww. :(
You stay away from my shower GilDash.
^^ Enjoy the movie
/me hugs Airpuff goodbye.
Airpuff: Don't hurt yourself to badly.
Meanwhile : I have already had a gunfight in there.
War.
Dat History Lesson.
BRITISH!
/me salutes
Om: What?
That's because they were traitors at the time. Just saying.
omg Dr. Cox!
War never changes.
^
^^
GilDash: Havent a clue, it sounded like he said british in an angry way.
Dr Cox is best pony.
Om: He's just jealous.
GilDash: ....Ehhh, I suppose.
Well, you know. England did treat them as a foreign land being occupied... So they only returned the mutual feelings.
Ninjazz: Hey, we weren't the only ones there.
Everyone hated us!
Huh, hostages at alcatraz that we have to save. I wonder where I have already done this?
Brigadier General Badass.
Om: We were invaded by everyone for years before we thought it was out turn. :D
Hated who, Om?
GilDash: When you put it that way, it almost sounds justified >.>
/me salutes
the congressional medal of jesus ?
'MURKIA!
people don't even use vx anymore
Om: I'm not saying it's right, just saying the facts.
except murica
hey guys
Hey emangamer!
Allo emangamer
what we watching?
Oh yeah, Rainbow Six 3 for the PS2.
emangamer: Holla! :)
The Rock.
GilDash: I never took a british history course, but if you want to know about "Lewsi and Clark" I could give you zounds of info. Grrrr, hate those guys now!
The Rock, curtesy of Wrek.
Hello emangamer
Om: Who? :D
Lewis*
Om: And for the record, I'm not the biggest fan of history. :D
GilDash: Its for the best.
/me salutes
So, what is this?
Illegal arms deals.
Guuuutted.
GilDash: History teaches how to stop the future.
Prevent and what not.
Hello.
Ninjazz: Or how to screw it up more, and belittle the consiquesnces on the aggresor >.>
you must gather more vespene gas
^
i've turned to an pony.
Om: Hmmm. Depends on what you've learned.
The senator and governer are among the hostages! QUICK
Nic Cage.
Of course.
Damn it.
oh my...what the fuck is going on?
just nuke the island
Ninjazz: I learned we are guna be screwed over either way.
. . . Anypony know about Princess_Cadence??
SEND IN TEAM RAINBOW SIX
what the hell am I watching
Nic Cage. That's all you need to know.
Om: You are probably correct.
This Isn't Happe-NING!
FB aye.
Ninjazz: Kinda like Nick over there, but not in that way.
05emangamer: be happy it isnt Game of thrones if you are so sensetive to two people fucking on screen
Ninjazz: He who controls the past controls the future. He who controls the present controls the past.
Yeah.
Game of Thrones has two people vigoursly fucking on screen AND they're brother and sister.
DOES SOMEbody Know About Princess_Cadence,why Is She Not Here Why ?
Wrek: I'm not sensetive to it, but I just didnt expect to see it and it kind of caught me off guard
women...
hey
Meanwhile: You seem to have forgotten the two grown men shaving each other and giving each other some lip service.
I liked that bit.
Huh. What was the original B movie picked for this friday?
Ninjazz: Oh, I managed to miss that this time around. :D
GilDash: Its wan't anything interesting.
GilDash: You did? Well... Sorry to hear that? :S
EspyLacopa: Samurai Cop.
does somebody know about princess cadence for pony sake!
05i foudn that scene to be the cutest of the sex scenes in FoT
Om, Ninjazz: No, I've seen it before. I just missed it on the streaming this time. :D
EspyLacopa: Samurai Cop.
GilDash: Ohhhhh.
05GoT*
Ninjazz: Yea Ninjazz. Don't be silly
Agreed Wrek.
DOES SOMEBODY KNOW ABOUT PRINCESS CADENCE FOR PONY'S SAKE!! :[
/me facehoof
Though, I've seen less than you at this point.
not really, Mirju132...greeted her once or twice, but that's it
...now i remember she will be back at june 5th. :'(
Come to think of it that scene in GoT was the least vulgar...
brb
/me has never watched GoT
Nic Cage knows too much. Talks too much.
I think that the cutest scene was with the baby dragons. /)(^3^)(\
You've missed out emangamer, it rocks.
05Om and most peopel raged over it in chat
05its so rediculus
^
Wrek: They just don't like love. :)
Ninjazz: I agree
I need to see the avengers today too
SirGanjalf: :3
havent seen that yet either
Wrek: I saw, but I care not for what other people think.
Why rage over sex? Its the most natural thing in the world
YES! YES YOU DO, emangamer!
The numbers Mason.
What do they mean?!
Well I'm swedish so see my careface :D
Sean Connery.
the problem is I have no one to see it with and i dont want to go alone
I predict that there will be a shootout in the shower room.
It's Rainbow Dash laughing her plot off.
Nerom: You lucky person xD
05swehof Nerom
05hoof*
Swehoof /) wrek
Nice wig
Saruman, my arch neme-oh, wait it's Sean Connery
Dat Accent
So what movie is this?
Is that Sauromon?
The Rock.
I don't see the Rock.
OH!
The Rock is the name of the movie.
Title drop
Meanwhile: The close up, it got me a bit thrown off.
So why do they need him?
He's the master of locks.
He's the only person to ever escape from alcatraz.
You mean in the story.
05gona brb
05ill leave this on
i am a ef bee eye agent!
Yeah, in the story.
In real life he's Sean Connery.
In reality, the only THREE people to escape from Alcatraz did it on a boat made from rain coats.
Indeed.
I could go for some coffee too.
here you go! :) ww.youtube.com/watch?v=HbPDKHXWlLQ
Can I get some, please?!
Newbie, no links during stream.
Sure. Take the handcuffs off the former SAS lunatic.
It's twenty-two fifty-nine here.
The SAS are raving mad at the best of times.
Monfang: It's not sure that they made it, though. They may just drowned during the escape.
I like the SAS. Their logo is cool.
But they did get off the Rock, Ganjalf
I think I fixed it
Grunge.
yayme
Ninjazz: Motto is cool too: http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111218084030/fallout/images/f/f7/Sas-logo.gif
!pokemon
So....
http://9gag.com/gag/4245000?ref=discuss
Truth or Dare?
He's out of his cuffs
He's up and out of there.
He's listneing in
Ridioucusly photoegenic...What? http://9gag.com/gag/4245000?ref=discuss
Knock knock
photogenic
Like a boss.
brb
And that's why those glasses are really bullet proof and double layered
He did that just to see who he was dealing with?... Wow... Hardcore.
whoops
I almost missed the awesome moment
Sean Connery is best pony.
^
Nerom: I did miss the awesome moment. :(
dat sing
Sauron?
^Saruman
GilDash|AFK: Don't worry it wont show again.
I mean Sarumon XD
Woot you missed him break the glass?
Om: :'(
It's 11 am EST|8 am PST..
11.•10«11WB10 (Lighty10) 11WB10»11•. 10- i sooo love e-mail, i win atleast 5 cars everyday
Snacksh, drinksh.
GilDash|AFK: Oh it wasn't that great anyway.
That voice XD
/me snuggles Om.
Dat Flamboyant Dude
That guy is going over the top with the gay thing.
And why couldn't they tie a tighter leash around his neck?
Lobster. Oooooooh.
Good evening everypony.
MORON!
Allo Scavender
And my sword
Hey Scavender!
Back from work
FUCKING MORON!
gtg bye!
Hello everyone
Allo Cobellanez.
Hey Cobellanez!
-_-I don't know why I try to console it
Bye everypony!
Bye Mirju132.
What are we watching ?
Om: I'm not an it. :(
Baretta 92FS
Well I tire of this.
GilDash|AFK: You are a male with a female OC correct?
/me lays his back to the wall crossing the hind hooves "hello everypony!"
Om: Occasionally. :D
Dem priorities.
Magical_pablez94: What an entrance. ;)
hello Magical_pablez94
GilDash|AFK: :D:D
GilDash|AFK: I don't need to hear about it. And since I don't know what you are at any given time. You are an it.
Om: :(
/me nuzzles Om anyway.
I'm still craving lobster.
/me can be considered a he.
What's this movie again?
GilDash|AFK: .....(gildash,away form keyboard, types something with his keyboard....O.O)
The Rock.
Meanwhile, call room service.
^The Rocl
Oy...
*Rock
Ninjazz: I know. *giggle*
i'm baaaack! :D
Ninjazz: I'm in a house, not a penthouse suite.
hello valoreins
Try anyway, Meanwhile.
WB valoreins
...
Use your IMAGINATION.
/me throws rainbows around for added effect
I'm imagining what it'd feel like if I strangled you.
NOT THE WATER!
i just peeked in to my facebook, is it just me or does facebook have more pony haters than 4chan?
Hit ALL the things!
I'd imagine you'd be having a hard time. My neck is rather strong.
/me has managed to spill Hula Hoops all over his laptiop. :D
valoreins: never noticed that...
Meanwhile: I imagined that a few time too!
Trying to outdrive James Bond is a silly idea tbh.
GilDash|AFK: :D:D
What exactly is Hula Hoops, GIlDash?
Ninjazz: Wat. :O
I refer back to my question.
Ninjazz: Really?
Yeah! Catch Sarumon and get the ring back from him!
Ninjazz: http://www.intelligentvending.co.uk/image/1/582/hulahoops-bbq-beef-crisps.jpg
Yes...
Damnit he's not Saruman.
This is Sean Connery.
He would make a good Saruman too.
HOLEY SHIET!
Chips are bad for you, GilDash.
He looked like Saruman with the long hair.
The long hair he had BEFORE.
I must've only caught the second half of this film, because I don't remember any of this. :S
hai friends
Hey Derpy_at_work
Ninjazz: We call them crisps over here. :)
Hello Derpy_at_work!
GilDash|AFK: Perhaps you were ocupied at the time.
Spontaneous explosion.
Om: I think I just switiched over to it on TV one time.
What this pursuit scene DOESN'T have?
OH MAN
OH GOD
GilDash: And they are called chips everywhere else. :)
OH GOD
Well, gosh.
http://derpy.me/HG0ky just look at the early comments, its full of hate but most of the newer comments are obviously bronies
What is this movie ?
Ninjazz: Chips are like fatter fries.
rofl
GilDash|AFK: You have names for everything!
"It's not mine" ........ "And neither is this"
GilDash: Do you mean Freedom Fries?
Om: Ommykins. :)
Scavender: The Rock
thanks
Ninjazz: I don't know? :S
/me dislikes that name
Om: I know. :)
Mason?
Om: She doesn't have a name for me! There's that. :D
The numbers!
He*
Ninjazz: You just doomed yourself.
Did it again.
Ninjazz: Jazzstars. :)
Om: Consider my name.
Jazzstars...
Ninjazz: I don't have to.
Ninjazz: Yeah. Ninjazz Stars. :D
Sounds better than Ommykins, I guess. :$
Ninjazz: yea well, go find a comfy ditch to lay in.
Yeah....kind of.
Sorta.
No.
Ninjazz: Ommykins is my smoogy-woogy, pumpkin pie, in training.
Urgh
/me failed misserably at his English test.
/me feels his insides melt
I've figured out that the book :) is reading isn't very intreasting because she is flipping through it much faster than I do when I don't like a book :D
/me resists the urge to vomit
Ninjazz: I blame you
I_H8_Trixie: Nah, she's just a really fast reader. SHe reads paragraphs at once, not words.
Hello I_H8_Trixie. Judging by your name, we should get along just fine.
Well gee wizz.
Om: You blame me for everything! :O
/me hugs RankWinner tring to cheer him up...:)
i really want to have that skill of observing information in an instant like twi...
A-HOLE!
EY HOLE.
Ninjazz: You right. I should be blameing GilDash
Ninjazz, does that mean you hate trixie as well?
Om: You know what happens when you do.
Ninjazz: Hence, you.
I_H8_Trixie: Aye. I do. Very much.
Om: You can't blame me. I'm just a natural force of nature. Can you blame nature?
Yes.
11.•10«11WB10 (Lighty10) 11WB10»11•. 10- i sooo love e-mail, i win atleast 5 cars everyday
Meanwhile: Quiet, you. :D
You're British GilDash, we blame nature all the time.
Damn weather.
GilDash: I can, the effect of the action is, little.
i blame the government
Om: Good to see you're learning. :)
I just came home, just a quick check.
Ninjazz, is it bad that I really hope she appears in season 3?
The Rock?
^yep
Oh god, I'm being conditiond...
I_H8_Trixie: Hey, I want Gilda in season 3, so there ya go.
Haven't seen that in years. :p
I_H8_Trixie: I find it strange, not wrong. :S
Hey Lasharus!
The Rock?
Heya.
i want Trixie to come back, but with more sinister black magic and twilight will duel with her in an epic magic fight
I know where I've seen that actor before
He's Hicks from Aliens.
That one long sentence.
valoreins: I think that'd be pulled off poorly. It's not really in the nature of the show.
i know lol
Chat has 6_9. Need restart.
Hey everyone
What's going on today?:D
Ninjazz: You scuk!
/me starts drooling
The Rock.
usually fighting conflict in mlp is made quick, it focused more on how to deal with conflict, not how long the conflict last
You scuk too, Om. ;)
/me shoves a towel in Airpuff's mouth.
Ninjazz: He sucks very much. ;)
/me towel starts dripping
Airpuff?... Didn't you leave?
e_____o
/me swaps Airpuff's towl with a new one.
GilDash: The joke is that he scuks. :|
Ninjazz: That wasn't mine. ;)
The joke is you both scuk.
Scuk? What's a scuk?
Meanwhile: Yeah? Well, your mom.
/me walks over to Ninjazz and throws the wet towel at him "Im back now!" =D
Meanwhile: Except that's not true. :D
Yeah well, your mum.
/me stops drooling
I still have no idea what I'm watching
Night all!
Night Twi_Fi:
GN Twi_Fi
OctaviaIsBestPony: The Rock.
Gnight Twi_Fi!
Oh, okay.
i think im watching people
/me sighs "This scuks"
/me takes off wet towel and places it on GilDash
Ninjazz: Ewww...
/me glomps Om And starts drooling on him
You'd probably enjoy that more than I would.
I see not.
Ninjazz: It's all cold and clammy. :S
Hi everybody!
Hey Dken2021!
Dken2021: Holla! :)
ohai Dken2021
Allo Dken2021
e_e get off of me Airpuff
/me drolls more at Om
I see. Well, let me correct my mistake.
a Movie I see?
zxedcrftvybunmio,p.
drool*
:D:D
Ha! I
and... nic cage?
am not the only one...Dam
/me removes the towel off of GilDash and places it on Om
Movie's called The Rock.
are we gonna see nic cage lose his shit again?
Om... :D
/me gets off Om leaving him soaked in spit.
the rock eh? thats a good movie
Nope.
/me truts over to GilDash "Hows the movie?"
Ninjazz: I'm starting to wonder if you are with me, and not against me.
trot* xD
huh, so any people's elbow yet?
A ROCK? that's what we're watching? uuugh, dumb rock!!
^
Om: The effect of the towel will stop that derps you are getting, friend. ;)
Airpuff: I've seen some of it before. I'm just waiting until we get to that part then I'm muting the stream.
GilDash: "That" part? O.o
lol valoreins
Smells like a Wrek stream
Ninjazz: Excuses.
HELLO EVERYPONY :D
Hoi panda
Allo panda caps.
i still think its a good movie... dont give a damn what you people think...
ohai panda
Om: I was only trying to help. :(
panda: hi there!!
Hey panda!
Airpuff: The part that I've seen up to before. What did you mean? ;)
lali-ho panda :D?
Ninjazz: Fine -_- I'll belive you
eh
So far this movie is pretty epic.
GilDash: Who knows. Maybe i saw a chance of something getting... sticky xD
panda: How did you know? :D
Good 2 go!
/me hugs everypony "all dem pings :D"
panda: What gave it away? The twilight in the corner?
lol. MPH MMMPHMMM
Airpuff: I'm not touching that comment with a 10 foot pole. :D
GilDash: how did I know? hm.... XD
shush Om XD
/me jumps atop of panda 's head and drools on his head
suddenly: Pyro Cage
Airpuff: xD I know you missed me, but gosh darn!
Gee wizz.
GilDash: Thats a first.
02*WB03(Ray03)02WB* - <Ray> 02I'm a walking CDC nightmare, It makes me want to hug someone
/me keeps on drooling on panda before smiling at im'
there will be Heavy Cage? and Scout Cage?
Well, golly.
Well...gosh.
Om: Give me 12 feet and I might try. ;)
gollywood
/me glomps Airpuff :D
GilDash: You get nothing, and you'll accept that.
/me stops drooling on panda dropping a towel on his head before hugging back
Still gettin Rainbow Six 3 vibes.
Through there.
Nice.
Shitting me.
/me kisses Om.
Except that
Om: Then I'll have to take it. ;)
so u finished that animation panda ?
/me gives Om a soap
Magical_pablez94: hehe naw, still working on it... though I am making wonderful progress ^^
that trap looks convoluted
...thanks Airpuff. I think...
Airpuff: What are you trying to say about me? :|
panda: damn it... wth is this animation???
GilDash: hehe that you are dirty!
doing animation panda?
/me gives GilDash a brush before winking
Magical_pablez94: hehe just stuff
panda: I'm not that bad! :(
Dken2021: hehe yes.... :D
GilDash: oh yes you are ;)
coolio
panda: Shhh. :D
Welcome to Dwayng Johnson.
GilDash: u aren't?
Magical_pablez94: No GilDash is
Magical_pablez94: *Ahem* I'm trying to watch the film.
GilDash: Liar xD
Airpuff: Shhh! :D
so what is the rock cooking?
GilDash: :(
The rock?
/me looks through paperwork, "say here GilDash, you're dirty ;)"
rofl
panda: Where did you get that! :O
I think it's The Rock movie (or The Island)
lol
/me has no clue what is going on in chat
/me pokes GilDash and whispers into er' ear "You know... Om got the soap i gave you the brush?" ;)
Conyst: hi there
I watched this movie... and it was awesome
GilDash: hehe... "personal" research :D
Airpuff: Now we just need a bath tub. ;)
/me hugs Magical_pablez94
legacyofvrak: spoil it to GilDash :D:D:D
/me Gives GilDash and Om a bathtub
/me hugs Conyst back
panda: I told Ninjazz to keep those videos to himself! :|
>_>
I like sharing...
GilDash: oh.... there are videos two? I just have the pictures ^^
too*
Ninjazz: Good job I do too. ;)
videos 0___o
GilDash: In your case... I don't think that counts.
/me stares at Conyst .. what are you thinking about i wounder.. xD
At the end... the old man and the dude escape from the island... SHOOT the Sh** out to the bad guys... and the island EXPLODE
Open, flash and clear.
"the rock"?
GilDash: At the end... the old man and the dude escape from the island... SHOOT the Sh** out to the bad guys... and the island EXPLODE
legacyofvrak: hahahahahahhahahaah
I'm back had to get something
hai Dark_Horst, and yea
Airpuff: at this time I'm not even sure what I'm thinking
legacyofvrak: I know, I've seen all of this bit before. :)
[INSERT TROLLFACE HERE]
Conyst: Hmpf....
legacyofvrak: That can be considered a spoilter and can be punished you know.
I WAS RIGHT!
spoiler*
It's a Trap
ITS A TRAP!
legacyofvrak: You know trolling is against the rules? ;)
IT'S A TARP!
Not just a trap. A fucking trap.
I WAS FUCKING RIGHT!
MOTHER FUC*ERS
legacyofvrak: we failed da spoil...:(
its a trap?
no, it's a FUCKIN' trap!
/me glomps Airpuff
You trolls
And yeah, legacyofvrak, spoilers will get you banned.
/me drools at Conyst
Aww, no shoot out?
NOOOO
/me wipes up drool with hanky
....I read back in the conversation. I don't want the soap any more.
/me drools more
dat Nicholas Cage :D
inb4 ded
SO MUCH YELLING :[
/me turns Conyst into water and puts the water into the tub before throwing Om into it
I'm up here, nya nya :P
NOTHING IS WRONG
so much yaplap
SEE?
*yells something*
SPOILER: PART 1
valoreins: now we know his influences :D
YES! I WAS RIGHT!
/me yells about muffins
Om: Shame. :)
-_- Airpuff
/me is now water "well this fells strange oh hi Om"
I ACTUALLY WAS RIGHT!
"dont go" goes anyways?
/me brushes Om with soapy water.
SOMEONE... DO A SONIC BARREL ROLL
FUCK YEAH!!!!
/me guides GilDash to the tub "Do your thang!"
shoot ALL the things
Airpuff: Way ahead of you. ;)
DING! NO!
leggo meh!
*feels
/me Laughs an evil laugh "Mohahahaha"
shaky cams and slow panning shots, this movie has it all
...
Well, that went splendidly.
At least that guy died instantly.
They need to get some maids in there.
Dayum
Doh, gosh.
Fuuuuuuudge
/me climbs out of the tub and walks away
Got distracted and missed everthing
/me throws Om back in
/me throws a towel on Om
so it's all up to nic cage? they're doomed
What happened?
/me uses magic to towel Om off.
Meanwhile: The Seals lost to the Marines.
They all dead?
@~@
Yep.
/me trys to reform then gets hit with Om
Bugger.
Meanwhile: All but Connery and Cage.
Makes sense that that didn't work. The shower room shootout is the hardest part of the level in Rainbow Six 3 PS2.
Only Sean and Cage still alive as you can see.
/me turns Conyst back into a pony.
He never asked for this.
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m46me9kJEj1qdg8ss.gif
How does Twi read through all this?
How funny would it be if he actually had a water pistol?
GilDash: No, you took it without concent didn't cha?
mfw I just realized Dr. Cox :O
Woot Om? xD
Om: ... I've been advised not to say.
panda : Because this is what she is reading.
Ninjazz: You only just realised?
pyrocatboy: O_O
Yes...
I wasn't paying attention...
Uh huh.
04Night 'everyone
Night Ghosties
G'night Ghosties :3
Night
Gnight Ghosties! Take care!
night Ghosties
Night Ghosties
nighty gho-- oh
xD
Leverage.
Meowmepw
Ow
night gho- aww
MASON!
03LOL
THE NUMBERS!
Oh yeah, play tough with the lab geek.
:D
EF BEE AYE! FREEZE SUCKA!
Safety's on.
lol
/me sighs
Rendering a composite I made in class
Cage...
In After Effects
/me gives Ninjazz a chilli
Taking so long that the teacher doesnt mind me using my phone xD
What do I do with this, Airpuff? :S
06drf, what was that keycombination again to go into the /aud script? that NP script for iTunes, Winamp etc....
Ninjazz: Eat it. :)
/me eats it
/me stares at Ninjazz before showing with his hooves poiting at his mouth...
Bless Ninjazz's soul
03uh
/me immediately regretted that decision
/me gives Ninjazz another chilli
/me laughs at Ninjazz.
/me smiles "Take one more!"
06or do you knwo that site, perhaps? ^^;
03I googled it
/me shoves Airpuff's chilli in GilDash's mouth
03it's not /gtsconfig or gtsdllconfig so I dunno
How do you like it!
/me chuckles at GilDash
03also I just woke up, don't feel like thinking LOL
/me gives Ninjazz a tobasco sauce bottle
06same here
06HEadache all day X.x
/me spits chilli out without chewing.
MOO!
^
/me takes Airpuff's chilli sauce and tackles GilDash
lol
Ninjazz: It really should be in a curry. :)
/me makes GilDash drink the sauce
Ninjazz: No... Oh, no...
I am angry. Bare with me...
/me grabs the chilli GilDash spit out and stuffs it into Ninjazz 's mouth
06ah /gtsdllsettings
inb4 meet the pyro
Couldn't you have washed it first?...
SEE?
Get under water?
The tunnels Mason!
/me shakes his head.
Dat thermobatic bomb.
*thermobaric
pyrocatboy: Themobaric.
HI :)
Hey ACS13123!
pyrocatboy: Oh, okay, you do know. :)
hai ACS13123
Allo ACS13123
ACS13123: Holla! :0
so many pings :)
Sean X Cage
/me has run out of things to give Ninjazz =s
Bond x Ghostrider
Sean is such a tsundere
don't tempt Sean, Ninjazz
/me gives Airpuff the chilli in his mouth
/me is looking at the chilli sauce bottle Ninjazz is holding worried.
/me gives Ninjazz wasabi
/me places the bottle to GilDash's lips
Scared?
/me swallows the chilli whole
Are you?
Dat knife.
/me gives Airpuff some Ghost pepper flakes
/me levitates Ninjazz in the air, away from her.
O_O
Ninjazz: No, not really. :D
I love the soundtrack in this movie.
/me stares at Conyst confused before eating them
Ninjazz: "You must never hesitate." :)
m4 akimbo!
/me uses magic to insert the bottle into GilDash's mouth and tips it
Oooh
So much ammo
Gotcha, GilDash. :)
daaahhh-*crush*
That looked painful.
/me goes to Ninjazz and starts noming on his ear
/me spits the bottle out, gagging for breath.
Is everyone a freaking unicorn OC here?
/me is unicorn
<- Earth pony.
unicorns are OP
/me 4« iLight 4<> Bon Jovi - You Give Love a Bad Name 4<> 00:04/03:45 [45||||||||||] 4<> 256kb/s @ 44KHz 4<> 4/30 4»
Airpuff... Do you like my ear that much? -_-
06works O.o
creepy
For the record, I'm only a unicorn for Rarity.
FRIGGIN SLACK
gee wizz
Well, golly.
drf, still around?
03yes
03for a bit
Okay, question
dem balls
damn i feel sleepy even though i just had a coffee
AFTER your skin melts off.
Now Cage has a turn to be the badass now.
Meanwhile: seems legit x)
Badass Bookworm
Ninjazz: I see what you did with that Rarity comment. :D
GilDash: Oh did you? ;)
Every time I log into FB app on my phone, it asks to sync all contacts something or another. How do I disable that? Another thing pops up too but one sec I forgot
Conyst: Nic Cage is best Twilight
Ninjazz: Yeah. That was on my level. /)
Ninjazz: You're turning into one of them!
/me gives Ninjazz a piece of Coal
music sonds familier, but where?
Om: Only for Rarity, mate. ;)
Soon Om we will all turn.
GilDash: Partial hoof (\
*it
I will not give in wilingly!
03settings probably
what is this movie? öö
hace calor
:D
NInjazz: I...didn't really get it
VioletGreySha: The Rock
Ninjazz: It's only a matter of time... ;)
03it only asked me once and I said not to
so you could probably hear some similar themes in other movies
VioletGreySha: The Rock. :3
/me hugs Om
oh look, he said it!
I think I do...but I'm not sure
...shit
aaah thx :3
hm
CrimsonPhoenix: Oh, I coud explain it for you. ;)
MOAR MILLITARY YELLING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YESSIR!
xD
GilDash: I've been here for a while. You'd be surprised about my endurance.
It goes to Narnia.
Hugs are an infection....
Duh.
03also try the Android settings
in PM please
03under accounts
03or accounts and sync settings
Ninjazz: I'd like to put that to the test.
/me infects Om
/me looks at the piece of caol "What do I do with this, Airpuff?"
Excessive rp is unwelcome in chat.
GilDash: You'd like that, wouldn't you?
Just saying.
this movie jus getting more and more badass
well
Ninjazz: I just said that. :D
But alas, Meanwhile is right.
/me gives Om a special muffin
/me put it into the locomotive? o.o
Account > App settings
*points the marines(
GilDash: Redundancy at it's finest.
It is set to dont sync but
It still asks every time
:I
/me throws the piece of coal into the locomotive
no wonder it sounds familiar, he;s done inception and modern warfare 2
DAT FIRE
That's gotta sting.
oh burn!
Sync is off on droid settings and FB app settings
It buuuuurns!
03hm
03odd
/me gives Ninjazz a burning torch
KILL IT WITH FIRE!
03have you updated it?
I believe i am on fire
HOWD IT GET BURNED?! HOWD IT GET BURNED?!
03it could just be really old and whining about it
Yeah
^
03hm
:P
He sprayed some oil on his feet and lit him on fire.
That's how.
03try clearing the data then and logging in again
03just start over LOL
/me takes the torch and hold it
03remove the account from account settings too
/me puts SirGanjalf out
bewb
/me waits for Ninjazz ...
er.. bewm
Howdy y'all!
Hey Everlasting_Joy!
Hai Everlasting_Joy
Allo Everlasting_Joy
hai Everlasting_Joy :D
hi Everlasting_Joy
/me is waiting on Airpuff :S
Everlasting_Joy: Holla! :)
Hello Everlasting_Joy
Hey Everlasting_Joy
/me ... points at the locomotive.....
Oh.
So what in the name of Nick Cage are we watching?
/me throws the torch into the locomotive
Everlasting_Joy: The Rock.
Never forget your first kill...
Yeah he died.
/me jumps onto the locomotive and drives around the chat
We're watching a movie on Tuesday morning (from my perspective)? Coolio.
/me grabs onto locomotive before it leaves
Ikr.
Ok
Daayuuum. I'm on Wednesday EARLY morning.
Like 2am.
Its still tuseday ._.
Ninjazz: really?
Om: Dont say that T.T
Yep, panda.
Airpuff: Its tuseday?
Ninjazz is timetravelign O.o
Ninjazz: damn, I'm talking to the future!!!!!!!!!!!!
:D
NOT LARRY HENDERSON!
/me dislikes Om
You guiz are silly.
Airpuff: In that case I'm glad its tuseday
Tuesday Mid-afternoon here. :)
Gildash: you in UK?
Om.............. Im going to take back one day *-*
thumbs up
ACS13123: Yep. :)
Tuesday morn here
OKIE DOKIE
Airpuff: Take back? Tuseday?
Gildash: HI THEN :)
:P
/me glares at Om
ACS13123: Where abouts are you?
Tally Ho
i want to kill everybody in the world~ *dubstep starts playing* holy shit i found a dubstep song i actually like
Hopefully that worked
Airpuff: Don't be so mean to tuseday
Om .. I dont like tuesday.
I won't find out until I reboot and log in FB again
Derpy_at_work so taking a liking to skrillex eh?
Airpuff: You're weird. Mondays are the worst.
Airpuff: Well I am starting to.
Gildash: South- Bournemouth/Poole
Cba to reboot at school, so later
03LOL
Derpy_at_work: Only dubstep song I like is that song in Syndicate.
GilDash: I like mondays as well.
03I reboot my phone all the time but w/e
ACS13123: Wiltshire, myself.
Mondays are horrible
General has an ego.
Om: You're REALLY weird.
dken2012: the irony is i HATE dubstep
Her Majeshtiesh Esh a Esh
GilDash: Not when you have marching-band pratctice on tuesdays...
GilDash: Better stay away from me then.
Meanwhile, got to love Sean's accent.
Ikr.
dat Spider-Cox
Airpuff: If you don't like it why are you doing it?
Om: I like weird. :
:)
He was big in Nam.
/me fatality
You gotta love how Sean swags his voice.
DDDD
:D
^
rebooting is fu
jn
mmhmm
Sean had best swag
GilDash: Good question.... still i have to while i live at home... in like 2 months or so i'll quit though
You didn't just hit Sean...
he ate them
Nerom: You mean SHWAG?
03http://forum.digital-digest.com/f145/mpaa-boss-dont-call-piracy-theft-95780.html
Airpuff: Happy tuseday!
Airpuff: You silly filly. :)
I means that he moooveesss Like swager
You wanna help me shine my trumpet Om?
waitwhat
Fine
that better be a joke
:v
BRB
Airpuff: I think the term is polish.
Mah boi.
03it's not LOL
Airpuff: No.
I'll take pleasure in guttin' you, boi.
Meanwhile: :D
:P
Om Yeah. Shaddap with tuesday xD
Dken2021: the irony is I HATE dubstep
Airpuff: Fine, i'll compromise.
Om: Compromise? x
xD*
I like long shtoriesh.
I'm back for an hour......how you're doing, everypony?
What are you watching?
Hey Dark92Enigma!
Meanwhile a man whos voice can combat with sean
Hello Dark92Enigma
Allo Dark92Enigma. The Rock.
Dark92Enigma: I'm actually decent.
Dark92Enigma: Holla! :)
brown alert - when situation gets really shitty
allo Dark92Enigma
That series is called The Rock? where's Dwayne Johnson? LOL
"That was really cool by the way"
Xd
That was really cool, btw.
BUTTHOLE!
Yeah Dark92Enigma we made that joke a thousand times already
NICHOLAS CAGE LOSES HIS SHIT AGAIN
Ninjazz: :D got ninja'd again
Nic cage being Nic Cage?
MAYBE
panda: Mine sounded better. :P
*sniff* MAYBE
Oh..
xD
Like a boss.
Ninjazz: mine was quoted ^^
Oh Nick, you silly billy.
Like a tuseday
Ninjazz: You missed half the letters. :D
Derpy_at_work well now you know it isn't all bass manipulation (though most of it is)
GilDash: Style.
Ninjazz: Bad style. :D
GilDash: :(
Om: im going to ...... you if you dont stop the tuesday shit xD
cock block and ready to rock XD
GilDash: You are no better.
/me hugs Ninjazz.
:3
Meanwhile It doesn't matter how many times it's been made!!!
LOL
Airpuff: I cant read blanks.
He's a madaman! A MAAADMAAAN!
Bad idea
Om too bad xD
lol just kidding
The numbers Mason.
FINE
JUST FINE!!!!!!!!!!!
did anyone already do the what do the numbers mean mason joke?
Just FINE!!!!!!!
Apps that rely on internet are slow
Meanwhile: BO reference...
A thousand times twilight_sprinkler.
twilight_sprinkler: Dozens of times.
ook
Today is a new holiay. Lazor Tuseday.
Scream ALL the last words in sentence
Meanwhile: THE NUMBERS MASON, WHAT DO THEY MEAN?
Om: oh hehehe LAZAR!
ACS13123: No idea. I hate COD.
Lazor tag day, Om.
/me glares at Om ..
I was able to get on before because for whatever reason the connection is good in the cafeteria
SirGanjalf Incoming Ham Trope
Om: Just because you don't like my style doesn't mean it's bad. :)
Sharks with Lazor
Guys question, how big are the blind bag ponies in compare to those sold individually with those loose hair?
TV Tropes
YOU FOOL
GilDash: Yes it does.
I shoot my lazor in the air sometime...
Dken2021: i find it funny how dance techno and dubstep are taking over as the main music to dance to
Om: No it doesn't. :)
Hello!
Not the TV Tropes D:
GilDash: You poor thing, all confused about what is and isn't good.
DAT PUNCH
/me hugs Om.
What are we watching right now?
Pawnch.
Overacting at its finest.
Om: Maybe I need some help? ;)
hm
Nope
GilDash: Call a psyc ward. >.>
SirGanjalf: APunctuated. For! EMPHASIS!
Om: I've got you. :)
*Punctuated
Sean Connory cant fight bad guys, he needs to go troll Trebekk
GilDash: No no, they have good TUSEDAY service
twilight_sprinkler: lol
/me goes on BronyState
:D
SHUT THE FUCK UP!
GLASS OR PLASTIC
SHUT UP!
hello Tovler
/me walks up to Om and punches him:[
Ew. Michael Bay *leaves*
Glass or Plastic, ma'am
SHHADUPP
03I honestly have no idea then
GLASS OR PLASTIC
Snap
SHADDUP!
Oh snap
03you sure it's the newest version? o.o
Shut the fu-urgh!
*snap*
I SAID SHUT THE FU----
Om: That look like it hurt. :D
X_X
yes
03weird
/me glares at Om....
I updated it 2 days ago
Yeah it Fo
Only that i acted better''---
Quite a shiner there Om
lol
real
Is this for real?
Ninjazz: :D
And this has been a problem since when I first got this phone LOL
/me mutters "Tuuuuuseday lazersss"
That was beginning of April
Ninjazz: Yep, Sean Connery really snapped his neck in that scene
So.
Derpy_at_work yea, almost every artist has some sort of trance to their music
panda: I gotta refresh stream =_(\
good morning
Can anyone tell me if blindbag ponies are the same size than those indivudualy sold with accesories ponies?
/me defenestrates Om
This message will explode in 5 seconds---- Inspector Gadget
Ninjazz: aww
SirGanjalf: Aye. Just like Bond.
Ninjazz: That's how badass he is
Derpy_at_work well more electronic I should say
I don't think it's safe to shoot that at that range.
fire!
Regret nothing!
Maybe I should go whine to Cinti Bell aboug it
it
T
*
/me sighs
inb4 explosion. and lots of it
dat emangamer
CrimsonPhoenix I think the blindbags are smaller
football game....guys whos winning?
/me catches Om.
You think....I need comfirmation though
lali-ho emangamer :D
Om: What about now? ;)
pingpingpingping
...Very much.
twilight_sprinkler: :D I think Da Bears are.
And not one true moves :D
No SAM sites?
but thank you Dken2021 anyway
tree*
Blindbags are aabout a fifth the size of the brushables
Everlasting_Joy: great!...hows that rocket btw
BOOM
What are we watching?
*about
FIFTH?
And no single Fluttershy moved panda
OH shit nic cage
:(
that's goddamn small
RustyMeat: The Rock.
Dark92Enigma: hehe, flutterraged the rocket?
twilight_sprinkler: I think it sunk into the ocean.
CrimsonPhoenix here's a comparison shot I found with google http://derpy.me/wbvV-
I said hey! WTF is goin on!
Everlasting_Joy: o good. back to the match boys
panda You're going to LOVE THE EXPLOSION!:[
Exactly what I needed thank you Dken2021
Dark92Enigma: oh gosh, WHO DOESNT?
twilight_sprinkler: Da Bears. . . Da Bears. . . De Bears.
What happened to the f&*^ing coordinates? Where the f*&% is it? WHO THE F*&^ ARE YOU?
So here is what I know, Airpuff hates Tusedays. And GilDash dislikes the term Lazer. Anyone else have pet peves?
Whoa... The General is the one with a soul? No wai...
WE'LL DO IT LIVE, FUCK IT!
Hmm
lol^
05back
Om: I hate Trixie and when people don't like it when people don't know shit about Celestia.
Ninjazz: Well... I dunno. :D
hello Wrek
I asked someone at Target if they had any white Celestias, he was like lolwut?
Wb Wrek
welcome back Wrek
WB Wrek
WE'LL DO IT LIVE! I CAN GO RIGHT NOW, AND WE'LL DO IT LIVE!
Hey Wrek. Good movie so far.
05how you liek the movie? :D
Ninjazz: I like trixie.
FUCKING THING SUCKS!
what movie is it?
GilDash: Don't know what? :S
LOL
Wrek: ITS AWESOME
Wrek: Needs less Nicholas Cage. :D
/me hugs Om like a brother
Wrek: dat everything.
Nick cage makes it funny than serious
GilDash: hey hey hey! it needs more!:[
emangamer: The Rock.
Dken2021: He usually does.
Dken2021: That's why I can't stand him.
Ninjazz: TRATOR!
You shouldn't, Om.
silly Meanwhile that's a wrestler
GilDash: I disagree. Needs more over-the-top Nic Cage:D
It's nearly impossible to take it seriously when Nicholas Cage is around
errstwike aproov'd
emangamer: True, but it's also the film title :3
It'll be over in a few seconds.... thats what she said
Meanwhile: u so silly :3
:3c
This is a good Nic Cage movie. You can tell by his mane.
New day: Trxies Lazor Tuseday! TLT!
SirGanjalf: Yeah, it either needs loads more to make it a comedy, or loads less to make it serious. It's stuck in between and I don't like it. :S
panda You sir are a winner
Conyst: you really.... like his... mane?
I'm an idiot. Who is Nicholas Cage?
/me backflips onto Om
its a time bomb, theyll bomb them back to the stone age!
03hm
ok... in few seconds... BOOM
03do you have the security settings enabled
Wanna play with fire.
03like the login notifications
Dark92Enigma: I win the game? :D
03and so on
05i jsut wanna find some ROCKETS!
THERE IS NO FUCKIN MONEY!
Oh. that guy
No money? booo
We've got to have money.
True.
I WANT MY MONEY AND I NEED IT NOW!
This was all about money?...
panda You used the ''that's what she said'' better than i did
ONE MILLION MONEY!
All for monies?
STOP eating my sesame CAKE!
How good a Nic Cage movie is is relative to how crazy his hair is.
Dark92Enigma: when did you use it? :D
Ninjazz: Trixie gave it to charity
One hundred million monies.
05he's one ugly faic
Om: Trixie ate it all in one night.
get dem to da choppas
Captain Square Jaw 'aint standing nowhere.
Meanwhile is back in the box !
Ninjazz: So cyical
Om: Only for her. :|
So yes panda, you won the game.....Oh when did i used it? Insert cable A in plug B.
GET TO THA CHOPPA! you know, if it's okay with you that is.
Ninjazz: And yet you used her emotocon?
Dark92Enigma: yay! I WIN! and xD oh my
We got to have.......mmoooonnnnneeeeeey
05ive been productive :3 repaired and fixed up my bike during the movie adn then went and bought a kebab <3
Om: Unfortunate coincidences.
Kebab!
Nexus refrence: You're with us, or you're against us
Wrek: hehe yay for productivity
Wrek: mmm... kebab
Wrek: long time no see, how ya been man?
Gun fight!
I've been very unproductive all year
Always good to stay active, Wrek. :3
Ninjazz: Sure sure, I know you love her deep down.
Wrek can i has kebab?
HOWD IT GET BURNED?
where is the last rocket? hm....
Wait.
Om: Don't you freakin' turn me into Meanwhile.
HOWD IT GET BURNED?
05kebabrulle extra allt
aw general
/me wants kebab
It's heading toward the White House!
General Derpkabob.
Wrek jag vill ha!!!
dat Shizubirthday XD
HOWDITGETBURNED!!!
har den pommes?
Ninjazz: Meanwhile isn't that bad is he?
Ninjazz x Trixie
The lighthouse is heading towards the white house?
GilDash: I agree with you for once.
05kryddade ;3
The bathtub Mason!
dat lamp
GilDash... My patience wears thin.
that guy with the quiff seems like the crazy kind of guy
huhuhuhh
Ninjazz: That's for the chilli sauce. :)
Damn you wrek :D
Om: Meanwhile's cool.
/me eats grenades "hmmm bit spicy"
I am? :D
Ninjazz: Give me your OC and I can draw you togather~
ballz
Meanwhile: No. :D
Meanwhile: I kid, I kid. :D
Large beads.
;n;
05dem anal beads
^
chicken shit? scootaloo?
Nick Cage is either really good in a movie or completly terrible, there is no middle ground
Om: How bout I ask GilDash to touch you in places that she hasn't yet?
Wrek: You wouldn't want them bursting in you. :D
ok a knife vs a biomedical weapon, seems fair
Did they just censor shit?
Godspeed, mr. Goodspeed
Johnny cage vs Candy Man...... seems legit
Ninjazz: You, make some serious threats...
...
dat rocket
Dat rocket.
RocketMAN
-man
"I'M MISTER TOUGH GUY!"
I'm a rocketmaaaan
He's the Rocketman!
Rocket jump failed
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
ROCKETMAAAAAAN
DED
Dayum
oh man
Rocket MAN!
oh well, he might kill millions, ut he got the bad guy
and it's gonna be a long long time~
TO DA MOON
that looks painful
Om: And you know I would. ;)
Om: I am either your best friend or your Angel of Death.
Dken2021: Brohoof /)
Burning out his fuse up here alone!
And GilDash is my messenger.
CrimsonPhoenix (\
Great song
GilDash: Hence why I don't think I will push Ninjazz much further.
05there is only one god, his name is death. and what do we say to death? not today.
Wrek: you know... im just gonna pretend you didnt call them anal beads ^^
Ninjazz: Oooh! I get to be an angel's messenger. :)
CrimsonPhoenix: It is.
Dat GoT referance Wrek.
Open up!
dem beads
/me hugs Om :3 "Okie Dokie! Friends again!"
O.O
oh shiiit
Oh shiiiiiiiiiiiii
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Ninjazz: No hugs >_>
oooooooooooooooooh SHIT!
GilDash: Come to my side!
/me goes off to play community portal maps
:3
/me trots over to Ninjazz's side.
that's not your mommy, black guy
eman have fun...
This was cages first big role right?
Can someone tell me when this movie is set?
emangamer
/me welcomes messanger gladly
have fun
One of his best to
05around the same area as face of iirc
05off*
ugh, I dont wanna have to go into work today
*messenger
DED
RustyMeat: I may be wrong, but i think he made "Leaving Las Vegas" before this
Wrek: random movie time?
This is what you shall taste lest you push me, Om. "places hooves on GilDash"
Dero,.
and when is face off set?
05however its also one of the earlier michael bay movies
That had to smart.
oh god
05lower budget
conviently placed piles of scrap
hiya Meanwhile
Could have worded that better... >_<
Allo otakon.
Ninjazz: ... You are sooo on the list now. ;)
cool
Wrek: so, only ONE big explosion?
05you can tell by some of the fake guns quality
/me hides behind things....
05and so on
he mad
Hey otakon!
hiya Ninjazz
otakon: :D
GilDash: I'll believe that when I see it.
Hey guys, did Val manage to beat that stage last night?
Does anyone know?
otakon: Nah, he stopped.
/me hugs Shizubirthday for her birthday
otakon: I haven't been on here for three days, I don't know.
I've been up since then! :D
Micheal Bay? No wonder that grenade had alot of explosion to it
Ninjazz: he stopped? how far did he get?
Can anyone link me to any information regarding season 3 of mlp?
I tell ya my old man was Irish?
Ninjazz: You shouldn't make threats idly. ;)
otakon: Where you here for when the reinforcements left?
Ooh. Harsh.
/me 13hides under the blanket
GilDash: I got a bit carried away... :$
Dat Shizu.
Ninjazz: yeah, just before 2 am
This kids, is how you choke somepony
LOL
Ninjazz: Tough. :)
05Shizubirthday!
Shizubirthday: still tired dear?
i'm sure there was something about it on eqd?
05!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GilDash: :(
/me hug Shizubirthday again
Shizubirthday: Happy Birthday! :)
05HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR!
/me hugs Shizubirthday.
otakon: I'm pretty sure he didn't finish it, though.
05GOTTA DRAW YOU AFTER TEH MOVIES
Shizubirthday? HAPPY BIRTHDAY :P
13thanks~<3
Ninjazz: Ha you doomed yourself!
13<333
/me glares at Om
05or sumthin!
Happy Birthday Shizubirthday
Shizubirthday: happy b day :D
Wrek: YES! But don't draw her like one of your french fillies, kay?
Shizubirthday grats
Happy Birthday Shizuka.
Still the Rock or something different?
/me huggles Shizubirthday
Ninjazz: You glare like Trixie
Happy birthday Shizubirthday!
DED
Happy birthday Shizubirthday!
Omnom.
Happy Birthday Shizubirthday! :D
SO DED
Om...
nom
Can someone tell me what those beads are?
/me gives hooficure to Shizubirthday
Oh nice.
13wub wub
/me runs over to Om and places his hooves on his head
dat heartstab
05VX poison gas
k
Suicide!
DO NOT TEMPT ME, OM.
Ninjazz: What are you doing.
do NOT MAKE ME FEEL AN EMOTION, CAGE
What was that green ball anyway?
Warning you...
LOL
The civilians?
otakon: Chemical weapons.
did i just see birthday?
Meanwhile: ah
otakon biomedial weapon
05otakon: "the deadliest poison gas ever created"
Derpy_at_work: it's Shizubirthday
Ninjazz: About?
05according to the movie
hey guys
otakon: vespene... i mean vx gas
Wrek: oh
05Derpy_at_work: did you see spitfire
*biomedical
Om: Trixie. Stoppit.
hai alexxm, how's your day been?
Obviously not very poisionus considering he is still alive
dat dramaic walking :D
Wrek: yes i did
Ninjazz: Do you like Gilda?
@Wrek that also describes the Felix The Cat movie
good Dken2021 you
Ninjazz x Trixie. :)
dramatic Cage
Om: I don't really hate her. :S
oh
Also, FINALLY GETTING DRAGONS DOGMA!
nvm then :£
inb4 explosions
and now I'm hearing this is halloween
SHould get it tomorrow sometime
GilDash X ...
Crap. :$
shit
GREEN SMOKE!
Ninjazz: Close
ABORT!
I REALLY wish I could stream it though
Ninjazz: Hmmm? ;)
Abort oh fuck
BOOM DED
bawm!
WTF BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
and ded
what movie is this
Michael Bay. . .
alexxm: The Rock.
The Rock
Fillies and gentlecolts: Michael Bay!
alexxm: The Rock
what's a bay film without explosions?
Damn...
and the ONE BIG EXPLOSION!
Guess who's banished!
well...
GilDash X *foreveralone.jgp* :3
I think Micheal just got a boner fromthat
thanks Meanwhile Cobellanez and otakon
it could have been worse
they could have BOTH died
Hey alexxm!
Dat flute
Ninjazz x GilDash. :)
Sudenly flute music and everthing was k
hai everypony
Ninjazz: Ha!
NOW.......KISS!
hey Ninjazz
Michael: hiya
lali-ho Michael!
GilDash, don't go making the other ponies get jealous.
13name that stream in two scenes.... i can do this... i can do this... nope
Meh i gotta get goin everypony. Talk to ya later =)
Howdy Michael.
ACS13123: are you kidding? Sean Connery NEVER FRIGGIN DIES!
13what are we watching?
Soon we will have a Bay film that is just on big explosion
Ninjazz: They know
Shizubirthday: The Rock
Bye
Shizubirthday: The Rock
05the rock Shizubirthday :3
Airpuff: Hava nice tuseday!
Shizubirthday: not sure... i just know nick cage is in it :D
bye Airpuff take care!
/me sighs
13ooo <3
Ninjazz: They know there's enough of me for everypony. ;)
otakon: Its a movie, EVERYONE DIES :P
hiya panda
Thanks Om >.>
Airpuff: Aww. :(
Conyst: And it will get rave reviews. . .ugh.
Airpuff: bye bye :D
Shizubirthday Dwayne Johnson
happy birthday Shizubirthday
see ya Airpuff
Cya Airpuff!
13and then nick goes AAAAHAHAHHAHHHHHHHHHH
/me hugs Airpuff goodbye.
ACS13123: not Sean Connery, he NEVER dies
/me glomps otakon "WHATS UP!"
Airpuff: Stay puffy!
Yeah talk to ya later.. hopefully x)
Shizubirthday: :)
/me hugs Everlasting_Joy panda and Dken2021
he's dead
Ninjazz: Ofc. Im always puffy xD
cya Airpuff
hiya panda I'm okay, getting Dragon's Dogma tomorrow
Now bye
Ded :'(
bye Airpuff
/me hugs Michael back :D
Airpuff: Get moar puffyer!
otakon: hm?
/me hugs Michael back :).
is mason sean connery
panda: kick ass game
/me hugs Michael
GilDash: Too much to handle it seems.
alexxm: eeyup
otakon: oh awesome :D
05yes alexxm
thanks otakon and Wrek
Why is Twilights magic white?
Wrek: what brought on random movie?
Ninjazz: That's why I need to spread around. ;)
Ninjazz: You just need more showmareship.
k
i'm doing an article about bronies for my college course
Om: What do you mean by that? :S
05had to rest my wrist from drawing plus fix my bike and getr dinner
05so a movie was perfect
alexxm: hehe awesome :D
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/pokmon-we-are-the-moon-stones.png
alexxm: there is a GREAT survey out there about bronies
03LMAO
sean connery is best acctor that needs to be ponyfied
Ninjazz: I dunno, if your smart I am sure you can figure it out.
Wrek: ah
Good luck alexxm
GL alexxm
The numbers!
hmm I missed the rock
Nerom: omg, you may be on to something
Om: I'm not a clever pony. :(
dat flute music
Wrek: fav non m6 pony?
What do they mean?
alexxm: you have huge balls... I couldnt do that ^^
can people see the results otakon or is it private
13could it look more like a green screen? >>
panda: only saying the truth
Ninjazz: I know what Om means. :)
Shizubirthday: It could be green.
Ninjazz: You could say you can be tricked easily.
Nerom: hm... pmv time?
alexxm: it's public but for the life of me I cannot remember it
Maybe :S hmm i'm not good at that tho
GilDash: I'm not sure I like that...
i'm a chemical man, trust me
alexxm and otakon, are you refering to the brony survey?
05in terms of fun to draw: spitfire was very fun. but a favorite pony that isnt a mane 6........
Yeah, look at Red Skulls super weapons
Om: Tough. :)
05i cannot answer that question
In my defence, GilDash and Om, It's 2:33am. I am not in my highest mental capabilities.
RUN DAMMIT RUN!
:d
yeah Everlasting_Joy
:D
Ninjazz: dude, get some SLEEP!
Ninjazz: You need to go to bed again. ;)
dat movie
Vandaaaaals!
/me sigh
stealing from churches, stay classy nick cage
13wait what..
pinkie pie killed jfk
Ninjazz: get some sleep :D
/me *le lolwut?
alexxm I can help you there :). The results are out, and it's public, let me get you the website.
13that came out of nowhere >>
otakon: Sleep, what is that?
It was ponies wasn't it.
Oh noo...
05not really shizu
thanks Everlasting_Joy
You guys are doing it again... :$
Go to bed Ninjazz
Ninjazz: it's when you close your eyes and actively fall unconscious
You'd have gotten the context earlier Shizuka.
05it was referenced earlier in the movie that mason had stolen microfilms with loads of stuff
alexxm: http://www.bronystudy.com/
13that's what happens when i join as he was pulling him out of the water :#
05then he told crazyc age where to find them
Ninjazz: I'll tuck you in and make you feel comfortable. :)
Oh noooooo.... sounds like JonTron
happy birthday Shizubirthday
/me bakes a muffin with sleeping powder in it
GilDash: :o you didnt use your trademark wink!
How old u now?
/me passes cake around
53?
13this is like bay's john williams isn't it... sounds the same as the soundtrack for bayformers
panda: It's even more suvtle that way. :)
/me hands Ninjazz a muffin
GilDash: My defence is wavering...
GilDash: You mabe an error!
GilDash: ah i see... pounce when no one expects.. oh you
dat Shizubirthday. How's it going? :)
/me takes Conyst's muffin and gives it Shizubirthday
05and is my favorite movie OST
/me takes Ninjazz to bed and pulls a blanket over him.
question
:c
/me wonders if we can see game of thrones next
05a bit too early still nerom
Game of Bewbs
I'll be back in 6 hours, everypony.....gotta go to college!
/me awhhh
05not that i know of SirGanjalf
Ninjazz: Hush now quiet now, it's time to rest your sleepy head...
Conyst: remember that will get you kicked
Have fun Dark92Enigma.
Dark92Enigma: alright ^^
05Conyst: grow some balls
bye Dark92Enigma
GilDash: Not this again...
cya Dark92Enigma
why ... other than for official stuff, do they show credits? Do alot of people really care who the Key Grip is? :)
Ninjazz: Dream of many Trixies.
thanks for the support about the article guys
Keep enjoying your birthday Shizubirthday!
13the key grip does :3
:)
:p
Today I asked random people "Applejack of Rainbow Dash?" I now have 14 more friends
13it's so he can go LOOK MA IM FAMOUS
GilDash, please place as much of yourself on Om as possible, please.
13just look at the third matrix credits... those went on forever... so many names
Ninjazz: I didn't mean it/
Ninjazz: screw trixie, dream of rarity
Ninjazz: I have to make sure you're fast asleep first. :)
panda: FUDGE YEAH! :D
Thousand year credits screen.
Ikr, SOOO many bronies in my town
Many names left side even side
GilDash: Oh come on! He's begging for it!
Although, you know, Monty Python really does make a note of that exact same question, with the whole moose/llama thing :()
13Conyst: i don't see enough dots moar dots now
Ninjazz: Shhh. You wouldn't want to hear the noise anyway.
:|
GilDash: Oi. You talk to me like I know nothing. I've sen some shit, man. O_O
moar dorts moar dots MOAR DOTS ok stop the dots
unfortunately most of them r really newish to the show and don't know about eqd and all dat
Ninjazz: I hope you do have a Trixie nightmare!
Ninjazz: You haven't seen anything. ;)
Om: And you're about to live one soon!
GilDash: Try me!
Ninjazz: dont say that to GilDash, he will show you MORE!
Damn it.
wat now?
i told em to get online and do some research
05so ima jsut gona take away the dishes
Wrek: r u a girl?
Ninjazz: You're trying *really* hard aren't you. ;)
13the problem with credits that have that last thing pause in the middle of the screen is my eyes start warping everything cause they're so used to it scrolling up still
GilDash: What can I say? I like playing with fire. :$
Welp, that was cool. But I have to go slap a raid boss.
Laters everypony.
Ninjazz: Play with fire and expect to get burned. ;)
Shizubirthday I know that feel
Cya Meanwhile!
bai Meanwhile
Meanwhile: See ya. :)
But he's cleaning dishes?
bye Meanwhile
Meanwhile laters :)
Shizubirthday: i know what you mean :( but I try to look out for names that I know ^^
cya Meanwhile
thanks for the support about the article guys
Later Meanwhile.
GilDash: Already got burned a few times, but never got anything too serious. :)
13it's worst in the half lifes or watching videos of scrolling music
alexxm: no problem /)
I once got burned
dat sphinx
(\ panda
Ninjazz: That's not what I meant. ;)
alexxm: :).
GilDash: What are saying then?
/me hugs Everlasting_Joy
First to brohoof me back gets cake! /)
Ninjazz: Tsk, that's for private time Ninji. ;)
Damn look at my grammar...
(/
Shizubirthday: which Is why I like the ending credits to portal... It just displayed it for an easy read ^^
/me hugs alexxm back.
:trollface:
GilDash: Oooh.
13that's how i do credits too, just fade up slides of relevant stuff
Ninjazz: he isn't jokeing go to sleep now
Ninjazz: So unless you're willing, I'd go to sleep now. :)
GilDash: It's Jazzstars, btw.
thing is we had to pitch what our articles were about to the teacher i just said my articles going to be about an unexpected fanbase
Anyways i gotta go now cya
8,1i'm knackered
Shizubirthday: :D so... when should we expect a birthdat stream from you?
and kicked
13later maybe :3
8,1as i was saying
lol
I'm not really leaving TRollDOS
Shizubirthday: oh my :D more zombies?
8,1i've just had an exam, and it was tedious
I truely am alone in this plight
Streamception!
omg
dat Bill
what did you get today Shizubirthday
GMod stuff I see <3.
How the medic REALLY lost is medical license
8,1LAST EXAM IS TOMORROW! \o/
How medic lost his liscense?
Love this :D
Yay~
Gmod is best mod
dat smile
8,1so i plan on getting absolutely horrendously rat-arsed
13alexxm: home alone, so just one package from grandma so far, had two really really nice shirts
Helooooooooooo
8,1but now, studying
This sounds like a bad "heart attack" commercial.
hey ACS13123 hows your day been
13CrimsonPhoenix gifted me torchlight 2 <3
Dat animation...
dat chorus
8,1and ignoring John de Lancie's e-mail
13and so much wub <3
alexxm: its been good
8,1because uni...
DE
DED
thing is we had to pitch what our articles were about to the teacher i just said my articles going to be about an unexpected fanbase
Oh Shizuka
oldman rage!
Dat crunch...
So, what's the name of this one?
8,1PartyCannon: exam today was Component Technology
EXAMINATIONN
8,1GilDash: yeah, that one
dat team rocket music
Dat Thme
8,1GilDash: several, in fact
ooooh~
dem bones
Dat derp face
it was nothing really
8,1GilDash: the very best
i really like his... bones?
excellent
weeeeeee
dafaq?
8,1SirGanjalf: last time i said that, it ended in a threesome.
Really good animation...
^
O.O
Ninjazz: Bed?
who's streaming?
I HAVE NO IDEA
ok now i gotta go. for cereal this time
Om: Want mine? I don't need it anymore.
What's the title of this one?
Wrek: the animation quality in this is REALLY good
Dat announcer
Ninjazz: I don't wana know.
lol
Ninjazz: You might need it later. ;)
Michael: it's Wrek
he's looking a little flat
2d bill
LOL!
GilDash: I don't like that sentence.
thx otakon
Ninjazz: Tough. :)
when did the anouncer get a model in team fortress 2
05since the release of TF2
GilDash: Soft. :(
Everlasting_Joy thing is we had to pitch what our articles were about to the teacher i just said my articles going to be about an unexpected fanbase
Ninjazz: If you want. ;)
GilDash: Whut? o_o
wait.... Wrek, you have rainmeter???
05ofc
dat music
Ninjazz: I tried to help. Nice knowing you.
alexxm and you needed evidence for your argument?
Wrek: can I design you a twi theme? :D
party!
Ninjazz: You can't play about with me all day and not expect me to be curious now.
05too lazy
13dat squished chat :#
Excuse me fellow Bronies. What was the title of the previous video?
GilDash: So wait wait wait wait... New target?...
Wrek: no I mean me ^^ I wanna design it :D
Kandarihu: How the medic lost his medical license
woah
Hello dari. . .:).
Okay, thanks
Dat auto change
Ninjazz: If one presents itself. Until then I'm already locked on. ;)
Hey Everlasting_Joy
hai dari
05make a proper them e that is clean and I will use it yes.
he didn't ask for any examples Everlasting_Joy he already knew what bronies were so he probably guessed what i meant
GilDash: Then why you going after me now? :
Hey guys.
:D*
Ninjazz: Oh, I think you know why. :)
Alright thank alexxm, just been doing some work for an exam tomorrow.
alexxm: Fair enough.
thanks*
GilDash: No. I don't. I barely remember anything from the past few hours honestly.
How has yours been?
Thanks
Wrek: *Squee* So, would just a traditional system monitor be cool? or would you want a calendar and clock too ^^
Ninjazz: If you want I could reinvigorate your memory. ;)
05im happy with network, disk system and time/recycle bin
Ahh, sounds cool alexxm.
GilDash: A good bonk to the noggin should do it. :)
Wrek: ^^ alright :D lemme write that down
/me hits Ninjazz in the head
Ninjazz: I was thinking a more tender touch. ;)
Ow.
Om: What did you do that for? :|
/me heals Ninjazz
05gotta free up soem memory
GilDash: he is delusional.
I am? :S
Om: You're jealous. :|
:O
GilDash: No, have you way with him then.
Ninjazz: Did you hear that? I've even got permission now. :)
http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/189717
alright :) may take me a while since I have other projects. But expect the highest of qualities ^^
what for GilDash
GilDash: Huh? What?
Ninjazz: Sorry, I don't want part in that anytime soon.
Om: What did you do?...
/me kisses Ninjazz.
Dat panda
/me pokerface
BronyJenkins: :D dat jenkins :D
Ninjazz: Later. Have fun.
Ninjazz: remember... rarity :D
/me remembers Rarity
Not helping. :(
Ninjazz: not helping what?
Ninjazz: We could always play pretend. ;)
:3
hey pyrocatboy hows your day been
/me pokerface even more
go to private chat you two.
dat pokerface
alexxm : meh
I..
Uh...
I what?
05oo dead spaic poni
panda: I tried cutting the Swag Spike bit out, but the software I'm using is ****. It'll be uploaded later. :3
:O
BronyJenkins: use sony vegas ^^
hey BronyJenkins hows your day been
hai BronyJenkins
Perhaps, I should turn in before turns into another Monday situation (Sunday for you guys).
hai pyrocatboy
Ninjazz: hehe probably :D
So on that note...
Michael hello
bye Ninjazz
Ninjazz: I warned you several times, have trixie filled dreams
It went awesome, alexxm. I had an exam and it went great!
night night Ninjazz, sleep well space cowboy
cya Ninjazz
bye Ninjazz
Cya everyone! Waves and hugs and all that jazz.
good to hear BronyJenkins
And so sorry to disappoint you, GilDash. :(
http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/189714 Look at this Wrek.
alexxm: hehe awesome :D what was your grade?
GilDash: Instead... Please rub every inch of yourself on Om as many times as possible.
i haven't done the article yet doing the first draft
panda i haven't done the article yet doing the first draft
alexxm: oops tab fail :D
Now.
I GO!
Ninjazz|Night: TRIXIE!
Om: GilDash!
Om: stop, your gonna keep him up all night ^^
panda: I'm seeing how long I cna
can*
Om: hehe oh you....
05what was I doing...
05oh right freeign up RAM
Wrek: freeing up memory
Drawing Rarity.
((What do you think so far GilDash?))
Ninjazz|Night Sorry I got a call. What's up?
Ninjazz|Night: arent you supposed to be sleep?
GilDash: nothing
GilDash! Just the pony I wanted to see. :)
GilDash: I have a problem see.
05please lsiten to this sogn now cause this part is so fantastic :3
GilDash: A certain somepony needs a good rubdown.
Ninjazz|Night: Something I can help you with?
Ninjazz|Night: Oh they do do they? ;)
GilDash: Yes. Harsh and vigorous.
Om Run
Ninjazz|Night: Oh my... Who is the lucky one? ;)
GilDash: Need I even say his name?! :D
Ninjazz|Night: :| get to bed!
I don't know... I might need some pointers... ;)
panda: Lateeeeeeerrrrrr.
05and i cant help to love my wallpaper additions :3
Ninjazz|Night: :| :| :|
0x3A28213A
GilDash: ^
/me facehoof
Ninjazz|Night: You are a poor ninha
Ninjazz|Night: Oh, you see I was thinking somepony... entirely different... ;)
GilDash: not me right?
GilDash: Huh? You were?
panda: Later, maybe. :D
GilDash: O_O
panda: Yup its you, have fun.
Ninjazz|Night: Mm-hmm. ;)
Om: nope, you can have :D
run panda run
GilDash: Who could that be other than me?
I wonder if what's going on in Jappleack is going to be canon to the .mov
dat background...
Conyst: no need, im immune to GilDash's charm
8,1i feel i need a bigger screen
Ninjazz|Night: Nope, you cracked the nail on the head. ;)
8,117.3" is not big enough anymore
Ow.
05MY EYES
and I am not panda
is that supposed to be some sort of joke... i can't tell
good afternoon/day all.
dat color
ACS13123: are you dual monitor?
GilDash: I'm sensing my plan is not going as I had planned. :$
8,1really need to fix that script
CrimsonPhoenix: Nope
05THINK OF THEM
Ninjazz|Night: Not even slightly. ;)
Ninjazz|Night: Imagine that?
hai WallDives
8,1anyhoos, yes 17.3" is not big enough anymore
I was gonna say, lol
oh yes
Wrek: at least your chat has a white back ground... its harder to see with this black one
8,1oh wait, i just remembered that the fixed script is on my server
GilDash: Alright so I'll just slip into bed. Please just stand right there. :$
8,1CrimsonPhoenix: 1600x900
Om: Die. :|
Oh dear
/me likes his 24 inch display
later Everlasting_Joy.
Wrek: How do you make custom backgrounds that swap every so often?
Ninjazz|Night: You cant kill me~
Ninjazz|Night: I'm not sure I can just stand around like that... ;)
05win7 has it built in
Om: lies, I havent had the chance.
yah
/me likes his extended display
Om: I can try!
WallDives: I never said you couldn't.
Wrek: but how do you do it :P
also, violates alignment.
cause i dont know how :p
GilDash: Well, you can like watch me sleep or something but that's like all I can offer you. :
so much derp...
/me waves pocket watch in front of Ninjazz|Night "you are feeling vey sleepy"
Ninjazz|Night: Yes, well knowing how your plans go I am the safest pony in equestra
Ninjazz|Night: Yet I can offer you so much more...
05ok I have freed up enough to do some more art
05(this is my fav new wallpaper BTW
GilDash: Can't you just save it for later or something? :$
Art Time
Ninjazz|Night: Did you make it to pm then?
yay drawing/painting :)
Om: I'll take you to a PM you bastard! :[
DAT RARITY!
Ninjazz|Night: ... I've got my eyes on you. If you sleep now I might wait until later. ;)
Ninjazz|Night: more like a PMS.
Heh.
does rarity have....glasses?
Ninjazz|Night: yea, sure you would
wow nice art from rarity
nice rarity
WallDives: HA!
GilDash: Can't we go back to the old days where I would you and Om get all cuddly?
:$
hey WallDives hows your day been
alexxm: actually, really good! and that scares me.
Verbs, where did you go?
how come WallDives
"If your plans are going too well, you have walked into a trap."
13dat rarity
Aye
/me steals all the verbs
WallDives: agreed
/me all the verbs
Dat is a Rarity. Yes, indedd.
happy birthday (again) Shizubirthday.
Ninjazz|Night: hehe smexy... no?
:O
13wub wub~<3
panda: In freakin' deed! :$
Ninjazz|Night: Oh I know! Trxie x Rarity dreams I wish unto you!
google dat rarity
Om: I dispise you. :|
So much Rarity!
Can't leave now.
Ninjazz|Night: Better than all that, touchy, nonesense.
I love the Office Space OST. so many good memories.
rariuty for everyone
:O
weeee
Ninjazz|Night: You really do need to sleep man.
Random thought
But I think P = Np
Could be
13k folks a reminder from val http://pastebin.com/6ztCtZQ6
Should I just be your GilDash while she drive me into oblivion?
Anyway, night
13remember this is SECRET
Om: Cause I will freakin' do it if I have to.
Ninjazz|Night: Do what. Sleep?
/me hugs Ninjazz|Night on his bed.
Om: I will become... GilDash. Insert your Dun Dun Duns HERE!
Shizubirthday: but I thought we already did that
Ninjazz|Night: We could get all cuddly... ;)
Uhhhh.
She's feeling underappreciated? or is this just out of sheer love for her?
13wub
Shizubirthday: but I thought we did that already
Dun Dun Duuuun
Shizubirthday: Forgive my eternal ignorance, but what are Luna's duties?
13for the people that haven't yet
Thank you, Conyst.
so does this sound like a good way to start the article to you guys "how do you usaully spend your day wake up, go to work, come home, watch my little pony well belive it or not a lot of people have been adding that last one to the list
GilDash: You sleep on one side, I will on the other. Got it? :|
I'll work on that anyway, I just wondered.
/me hugs Ninjazz|Nght
alexxm: you forgot brony state :D
/me hugs Conyst back :3
FINALLY i'mhere!!!
:)
well i thought it would be a good way to open the article panda
Hey CrazyCherry!
hey CrazyCherry hows yoru day
I'm crazy too!
alexxm: oh! hehe sounds good for an introductory
hai CrazyCherry
GilDash: And you made out with Ninjazz
/me hugs CrazyCherry "Hello"
CrazyCherry: No... No she didn't.
Ninjazz|Night: Be truthful now
Om: Just once, man! And it wasn't even that passionate.
HIYA EVERYPONY!!!!
I think...
hi Bronysith.
Ninjazz|Night: "that"
Hi Bronysith
Ninjazz|Night: I saw it from the stream....
Hello Bronysith
I might have sealed my fate with that last one.
hai Bronysith
Ninjazz|Night: no, you think?
Hiya Bronysith!!!
hey CrazyCherry hows your day been
You what, CrazyCherry?
oy CrazyCherry
hey Bronysith hows your day been
actually, I have NO idea whats going on, I'm actually thinking.
08,01much better
good alexxm how bout urself
WallDives: Well, so far the storm has yet yo arrive. SO I'm in the clear.
alexxm: Oh sorry great thx for asking!
Ninjazz|Night: its Bronystate. you're NEVER in the clear.
WallDives: I think its better to not know honestly.
good Bronysith i'm doing an article about bronies for my college course
hmm, art time eh... cool, cool...
WallDives: Not if I wish it to be.
alexxm: awesome. need any help?
brb
but, my curiousity, Om...I have to know everything!
Ninjazz|Night: I saw it from the stream.
Ninjazz|Night: the best you can do is leave, and we know you'll be back for your fix.
GilDash: Gildy hello?
WallDives: I won't stop you.
I know.
CrazyCherry: What exactly did you see? :S
GilDash: ello
08,01Midnight_Tempest: indeed
/me glomps Om
08,01Wrek: my favourites are Pinkie and Cadence
08,01not cadence
08,01Chrysalis
08,01Pinkie and Chrysalis
Ninjazz|Night: I just saw you make out nothing else.
/me pokes GilDash
hmmm?
CrazyCherry: Why must you do that.
ah nvm
wow, playing office space OST, and mfw Office space is on TV.
CrazyCherry: When did this happen?!
Wrek: Mines Twilight Sparkle.
Bloody architects... :|
this day is going TOO good, something BAD is going to happen...
11.•10«11WB10 (bluesun10) 11WB10»11•. 10- bluesun: drf iz firin his razor? :O
/me silently leaves
/me glomps GilDash
WallDives: Probably.
WallDives: hahahah
/me grabs Ninjazz|Night into a tight hug.
05after this: sabaton
CrazyCherry: hey there didn't noticed ya!! how are u?
CrazyCherry: Hello. :)
the laws of balance is going to hit me in the nuts...
Yes?... :$
I'm dying of heat in this room. :(
/me kisses Ninjazz|Night.
/me pokerface
GilDash: you're the one making it hot, I imagine.
GilDash: Cant take the heat? Irony
Magical_pablez94: Great thanks for asking.
/me opens GilDash 's window
Ninjazz|Night: You weren't going to run off without a goodnight kiss, were you?
Magical_pablez94: You?
and yet again... i got my hopes up about a job interview... ffs...
Magical_pablez94: They're already open!
I guess not, GilDash. :$
05gildash is in heat? better lock her in
Om: It's like sitting in a car.
CrazyCherry: happy to know :D btw i'm awesome
/me puts fan in GilDash's window
GilDash: :|
wow. peppermint taffy is awsome
Wrek: 3 days till the new album iam so excited :$
So does that mean I am free to go?
There is no insulation in this room, the heat all rises up into it and the sunlight is amplified into it. :(
VioletGreySha: wat artist?
Sabaton
/me gives GilDash a fan
Ninjazz|Night: Ha, you are becomeing the target now HAAHAHA!
05same VioletGreySha
Magical_pablez94: I wish mum hadn't thrown that out since last summer. :D
08,01time to revise some AI
Om: I have no regret! UNLIKE YOU YOU BASTARD!
08,01so that the robots dont win
i preordered the deluxe edition :D
Wrek: DON'T LOCK MY GILDASH IN.
05you will summarize my duties first
Ninjazz|Night: Why would we be on opposite sides of the bed, anyways? That makes for mimimal hugs.
Ninjazz|Night: Regret is all I have, thank you very much...Woa just got dizzy
bye everyone
GilDash: :|
GilDash: I can't sleep when I hug people. :$
CrazyCherry: What is it, dear?
hi everyone
Ninjazz|Night: You'll get used to it. It's so comfy. :)
Or ponies. WOrk brain.
hiya Lil_B
hey Lil_B hows your day been
GilDash: I don't understand...
theyre all effecient and clever
/me u're hot today aren't ya?:D
YESH DISCONNECTED!!
/me hugs Ninjazz|Night. "Isn't that comfortable?"
alexxm this week is somehow kinda hart :/
08,01Wrek: there will be an e-mail going out to all Guests of Honour this week, once we've sorted the timetable, but briefly: Q&A panel, drawing/art critique workshop, calming me down when i'm stressed out my martian mind, other stuff that i can't remember
CrazyCherry1: You and your terrible internet. :D
I love when im disconnected.
GilDash: If you stop squezing so hard, it would be. :$
GilDash: u're hot today aren't ya?
GilDash: I know right?
Magical_pablez94: I might be. ;)
GilDash: :D:D:D
Ninjazz|Night: Don't be such a wimp. :D
/me rests her head on Ninjazz|Night.
Ninjazz|Night: That better?
05thanks
/me joins GilDash and Ninjazz in the bed
Maybe.
GilDash: and maybe are ALL WET!! :D:D:D
Whoa.
More?
Magical_pablez94: I didn't say anything about being wet. Just hot. ;)
/me sighs
wrek play swedish pagans pls when you play some sabaton :3
Magical_pablez94: No sexual puns in here. :|
/me wonders what he has gotten into
Bad things, I imagine.
CrazyCherry: ow, come on!!
whats so bad about this week Lil_B
Magical_pablez94: Oh*
Ninjazz|Night: It's just a snugglefest. Completely innocent. :)
lies!
08,01so we finally have those computers from Minority Report: http://www.leapmotion.com/
Ninjazz|Night: I could tell you. its getting hard to type
Wrek: don't you think you would need a more personalized rainmeter skin?
/me snuggles Ninjazz and GilDash
GilDash: If it's like that then it's okay! :$
CrazyCherry: ...whatever....
Om: Maybe you need some sleep, man.
10101010111101010101011101010110001010101
Ninjazz|Night: Unless you'd prefer something different? ;)
Ninjazz|Night: I woke up 3 hours ago. Just got dizzy
Om: Does that happen often?
Om: I'll tuck you in when I've finished with Ninjazz|Night.
I don't think so.
GilDash: No. I like this way.
/me has got to go right away.... :[:(
05here ya go VioletGreySha
CrazyCherry1: You really have a terrible sense of timing. :D
Cya CrazyCherry1! Stay crazy. ;)
I'm guna get some water. breb
yay Wrek :3
Ninjazz|Night: Looks like it's going to be just me and you, Jazzstar. ;)
GilDash: It's not me, it's my parents! :(
/me hugs CrazyCherry1.
GilDash: Alright. Just no funny bizzness.
Wrek: Who's your best pony?
Ninjazz|Night: I assure you, I'm quiet serious. ;)
/me hugs GilDash
alexxm it`s suddenly got so hot. An upcoming Test this Thursday, and i have to write Protoolls for 2 Chemistry, Physic and German classes and next week i have to make an 10min speach about a a story
CrazyCherry1: See you tomorrow maybe? :)
GilDash: And with that, we retire. :$
Gnight GilDash.
GilDash: Definately.
Wrek the audio is echoing.
05CrazyCherry1: what?
Wrek: Who's your best pony?
Ninjazz|Night: I'll be waiting for you tomorrow. ;)
hope it goes well Lil_B
05best?
Wrek: Best=Favorite.
12;3
GilDash: He will probably wake up later today
Ninjazz|Night: remember, you're just a number.
05its so obvious you are silly to ask
Wrek the audio is echoing.
Wrek: Twilight?
Om: I hope so. ;)
:) <----
It's Rarity of course
:)
GilDash: Dont give me that face.
Is it a smile off or something?
:$
I'm a very silly filly.....
Om: I don't know what you mean. :)
hey Litwick hows your day been
...
Ninjazz|Night: Night, night. :)
Not bad...
05echoing?
night
Ev'ryday i'm buffering.
Ninjazz|Night: Sweet Trixie x Rarity dreams
night Ninjazz|Night :3
05shoudlnt be
Not echoing for me.
I still want Trixie in Fighting is Magic.
I will murder in in everyway possible, man,
oh god, here we go.
HIYA everypohny
Fack gtg now everypony fack. Cya.
Ninjazz|Night: Missing pronouns now
bai CrazyCherry1.
/me sneezes
hiya Princess_Molestia! *creeps away*
hey Princess_Molestia hows your day been
:P
good alexxm u?
Even I'm pondering whether to involve myself or watch this one out. :D
Hiya and byea Princess_Molestia.
GilDash: What?
GilDash: more fun in watching it out.
wait wat GilDash
/me kisses GilDash Byebye
WallDives: But I like being the centre of attention. :)
08,01>how's your day been Princess_Molestia
good Princess_Molestia doing an article about bronies for my college course
08,01>doesnt say "sexy"
FAIL!
alexxm: are you really?
GilDash: of course you would, I forgot.
alexxm: ahhh. thats nice
ACS13123: yea he is awesome like that
Stop shipping Rarity with Trixie and I'll let you live, Om.
Ninjazz|Night: I thought you were gone?
yep ACS13123 just started and its mostly the history so far
Ninjazz|Night: But they make such a good pair?
Wrek : yeah, for example: to the gates of hell -one second later- to the gates of hell (at the beginning of this song.)
WallDives: Teeth. They need brushing.
Om: OH HELL NO!
alexxm: is it your own choice on what to do?
05seems to be only you?
Ninjazz|Night: For the record, Rarity X Trixie might be hot...
ACS13123: you want to do what?
Ninjazz|Night: Just brush them pearly whites
GilDash: Get outa my bed. :|
good evening, everypony
Princess_Molestia: I want to do NOTHING
Ninjazz|Night: Make me. :p
He cant
lolwut ^
yep ACS13123 we had to pitch it to our teacher but we could do what ever and i just said i was doing my article about unexpected fan bases
/me does something to get GilDash out of his bed
There.
My futile attempt.
Wrek : its good now
alexxm: that makes sense...
/me doesn't move from Ninjazz|Night's bed.
Ninjazz|Night: You're right. It is futile. :)
GilDash: good position ur in there huh?
ACS13123: i mean i defiantly didn't expect bronies and i doubt anyone involved was expecting us
05best sabaton song IMO up next
aight
Princess_Molestia: Apparently so. ;)
alexxm: maybe this thing was a setup :P
hi
GilDash: RUUUUNNNNN
hi glennglog22.
what do you mean ACS13123
Wrek: all sabaton songs are great :3
Magical_pablez94: u first
GilDash: Fine. Just don't bother me too much.
GilDash: Needs me some sleep.
alexxm: maybe someone MADE it happen :P
hey glennglog22 hows your day been
06Gentleman
good
/me teleports away
Ninjazz|Night: I won't bother you... much...
hey Magical_pablez94 hows your day been
i missed school today tho
how come glennglog22
alexxm: hey there didn't noticed ya! awesome, as always!:) what about yours?
Eh. I'll be back up in like 3 hours.
I'll see me.
glennglog22: do u need to be punished
mabey my parents decided to keep me home or i oversleped
and no
RUN glennglog22
You'll*
good Magical_pablez94 doing an article about bronies for my college course
Ninjazz|Night: I'll see you too, hot stuff. ;)
Ninjazz|Night: Not if you keep talking
Derp. Is all I give you all.
alexxm: seriously? about what?
Ninjazz|Night: I give you Trixie
im gone for 30 minutes and Ninjazz|Night is still not sleep?
i'm kinda sick anyways. yeah i have a snuffly nose
panda: he had to "brush his teath"
mostly the history and the people who work on the shows reactions but will also inculde stuff about the fan projects Magical_pablez94
panda: He keeps flirting with me. :)
/me is writing his german Protocoll for tomorrow
Om: XD wow and GilDash, you sure it isnt the other way around?
GilDash: want to go?
panda: I'm fairly sure. ;)
alexxm: nice!:)
Save me bronystate
Princess_Molestia: Not right now. I'm doing somethign for a friend. :)
GilDash: mmmk
GilDash: O_o you got molestia too? XD
oh shit
good to see you again Nabronyan
hey GabeMoist hows your day been
panda: hi there
BEES in mah house D:
Hiya
panda: Yeah, she finally stopped ignoring me. ;)
ohy RainbowAsh
hoping it goes well Magical_pablez94
Hi Bronysith
NOT THE BEES
GilDash: oh my
GilDash x panda threesome?
hey RainbowAsh hows your day been
alexxm: maybe this may help ya:) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qybXXSHDRE4
Princess_Molestia: Maybe some other time? ;)
I'm starting to wonder how many have said no to GilDash... The numbers look few.
alexxm, ok so far. Just got home from the gym.
Om: The numbers lessen day by day. :)
i also have the brony study open Magical_pablez94 thanks for the help
Magical_pablez94: if it wasnt for saberspark. i doubt i would have found out about bronystate
same here
Om: we know they're all numbers to that person.
GilDash: Lucky you.
!pokemon
Nick, you are a 12Spinarak.
13http://i.imgur.com/ZCRDS.jpg
CYA everypony. royal booty calls
So, its official, Max Payne 3 is badass.
Om: Lucky me and everyone else. :)
WallDives: Indeed.
I should probably start saving up for new PC to run it.
hey Malavolent hows your day been
thats awesome Shizu...
GilDash: You're full of it. xD
That is totally the battleship movie.
Spider, D:
!pokemon
Magical_pablez94: i love bronystate
13though i heard at some point in the movie they plot out a grid to find the ships
Om: That's only for special occasions. ;)
alexxm: Pretty busy, but good in the end. How about you?
Shizubirthday: HAPPY BIRTHDAY
/me toot
13thanks~<3
Bronysith: i guess anyone here does:D
where? D:
happy birthday
GilDash: Oy. I don't want to think about it >.<
Shizubirthday: anything u hoping for in particular?
good Malavolent i'm doing an article about bronies for my college course
05"why didnt we beat the humans?" "they practice sicne they are kids to find ships in grids sir!"
Om: Try not thinking about it. That'll work. :)
alexxm: i didn't get ya...
alexxm: Oh? That sounds interesting.
13Bronysith: not really, last few years have been pretty meh
GilDash: Hence my reluctance. Now go "help" your friend
Om: It's honest work what I'm doing.
13first time since 2008 more than Nittany has acknowledged my birthday <3
/me hugs Shizubirthday.
GilDash: Alright.
you get anything else Shizubirthday
Shizubirthday: That's how we roll. :)
suddenly (for me) LUDNESS
loud*
Shizubirthday: It's so mainstream now, but Happy Birthday to you anyway!
Shizubirthday: well anyways. you have been kind to me since i first arrived at bronystate. i love how u stream reboot AKA my childhood. I like to think of you as my friend
Shizubirthday: aww :( I should have been around haha, im like pinkie when it comes to birthdays!
alexxm: i wrte neither KNOW not neither KNOWS... i neither know what a brony was...:D
Shizubirthday: I should say happy birhtday then to. Since you're a mod and all
13<3
whee
sorry Magical_pablez94
bored
Shizubirthday: hugs?
13dat woona~<3
hey Shizu... wanna shoot some holes in walls that are totally portals?
/me 13hugs everypony~
/me hugs Shizubirthday
06then listen to music?
/me 4« iLight 4<> Bon Jovi - You Give Love a Bad Name 4<> 00:06/03:45 [45||||||||||] 4<> 224kb/s @ 44KHz 4<> 4/30 4»
Malavolent: I suddenly feel really bad seein that picture. I don't know why.
/me hugs Shizubirthday.
She looks sad...That poor luna
/me hugs Shizubirthday
hows being 22?
13oo in a little bit midnight~
/me hugs Shizubirthday.
k Shizu... just let me know...
GilDash: I feel uncomfortable, why can't you hug cartoon ponies?
/me hugs Shizubirthday
Malavolent: I'm not sure. That picture really got to me though, and that never happens. :S
you have to make them into plushies
hey TrixieMuffin hows your day been
TrixieMuffin: I'm not that much brony to have plushies. I'm coward :(
warm , summer is picking up around here
Malavolent: No one apart from my houshold knows. Not even my closest friends. :D
GilDash: And here you are, seducing internet ponies.
GilDash: Kinda like me, but i literally ONLY tell people i can trust...
GilDash: Well, I don't really have need to tell my family that I watch cartoon equines made for little kids. It's still shame there are not many bronies in my country.
Om: Anonyimity. :)
which is hardly anyone
where are you from Malavolent
ACS13123: My problem is I *don't* trust anyone. :D
GilDash: Aye, Know how goes.
Hiya again. I might need a new HD soon
alexxm: Czech Republic, if that rings a bell.
Gildash: Thats why only about 1 or 2 know :P
hey RainbowAsh what have you been up to
my friends know, but I dont flaunt it or make it obvious.
Malavolent: That is my lament. I wish I could hook up with people IRL.
how is it there Malavolent
GilDash: you do?
panda: Yeah. :)
alexxm, just watching my pc crash from hd freeze and waiting for it to reboot
alexxm: Not that bad, but I still envy bronies in the US to have so many meetups and.. Tara...
GilDash: that would be really cool ^^ but I wouldnt "hook up" unless im hearing you wrong ;)
panda: I mean meet face to face. Not what you're thinking. :D
08,01http://pastebin.com/LtEYAXW2 <--- i just made this facebook event
Malavolent: well... the nearest brony around here is 70 miles away...
GilDash: mmmmhmm..... ;)
08,01a long shot, but if any of you are in the vicinity of St Andrews, Scotland tomorrow, come and join me
I just don't like people. Internet people is about my limit.
08,01owlicious: yes.
how?
panda: Feels bad, you probably should convert your friends :D
08,01Malavolent: horribly
08,01she didn't show up!
Malavolent: meh, tried... no dice :(
08,01panda: doubtless there will be a laptop there; we're all comp scis. so yeah, sure!
08,01Malavolent: i had a wilted lily, if you know what i mean
panda: Well, all my closest friends are both deeply practical and see no reason to watch ponies.
Why am I so tired when I've been getting 7 hours sleep? :|
Malavolent: well... mine are just indifferent... they dont like it or dislike it... but I'm not gonna push it :D
Man wrek you do some nice eyes.
panda: That's right, don't be obsessed about it :)
Om: so seductive
08,01anyhoos, time to revise and eat icecream
08,01and i'm all out of icecream
08,01:(
Bronysith: They are, but that isn't what makes them good.
Its not bad tho
Om: i love Wrek eye designs
Malavolent: hm... obsession with ponies and sanity with ponies... there is a fine, blurred line between the two :D
Bronysith: I think we all do
A storyline? In my "And that's how equestria was made?" I am intrigued. http://equestria.fadri.org/
panda: Yep, pony overdose is never good, though,
Malavolent: Unsless you're a brony
Malavolent: for sure, which is why im enjoying this wait
05FUCKIGN HEADACHE
Om: I ment pony overdose is never good for your friends. You can never have enough pony for yourself. :D
Om, well... you dont want to flip the scales and become an anti brony... right?
Wrek: slept more than 8 hours again?
panda: I was a hater before I joined the heard.
Om: really?
08,01there once was a pony called Luna, who drove in a Renault Laguna, she drank with her sister, who drunkenly kissed her, then sent her blue ass to the moon-ah
panda: Aye. Not a big one. You've seen my sharp toung as it were
Om: yeah, I can only immagine "non brony" Om XD
08,01Chrysalis: i really should
go learn AI
05any audioslave/soundgarden fans in here?
panda: Much less love and tolerance.
Wrek: soundgarden is nice
...well, I think the "bad" thing found me.
08,01there was a young woman from Venus / whose body was shaped like a-- yeah, i'll get my coat
Wrek I'm auto-saving that pic
soundgarden is ok...
never heard from
/me sighs
08,01Bronysith: i love pie
Om: :/ I've always had love and tolerance, even before the brony fandom ^^ so I guess i just fit in :D
Wrek : ya
08,01Bronysith: what flavour?
WallDives: What is it?
08,01inb4 PIE FLAVOUR4
PIES
Wrek: do you got last.fm? ^^
Om: I have to talk with my family tomorrow. About my late fathers belongings.
whos pie got eaten Bronysith
I love the way wrek does eyes... luckily i was there when he made this one... unfortunetly i didn't looked at the screen the hole tiem... Why?
WallDives: Ahh, not sure what to say to that...
Om: there's nothing to say. about that, or to them.
back with lunch
Buffer
Litwick: you get me anything?
Nah.
/me coughs "Dem eye highlights"
Who is from US? I need to know how much does ice cream cost there.
Om: Sight to behold, eh? ;)
Malavolent: unfortunately i am
Health typ number Somthing: Don't eat to much Rhubarb or you will get Kidney Stones.
Malavolent: depends on brand and weight.
05there songs are jsut so
05so
05so
05bootifool!
Let's say 1l bucket of icecream.
GilDash: I see I may be affecting your humor
Bronysith: Why unfortunately?
well, let me convert that, since we dont use metric here...
Malavolent: I havent a clue, havent had icecream in a while
Om: Honestly I just feel really tired today. I'm not sure why. :S
I use metric :I
GilDash: To much mental exurtion? That can do it to some people.
Om: I haven't been doing anything particularly challenging though.
Bronysith: Stereotypes. I'd personally love to live in the US.
GilDash: Dunno then, could be a minor cold. Or alergies?
Malavolent: there are alot of assholes here
Om: I'm not sick. Just tired.
drink some tea GilDash
I may be one of those assholes.
Bronysith: There are a lot of a-holes everywhere.
Malavolent: i know
Bronysith my teacher said that everyone in the US is way more friendlyer then here (Germany)
GilDash: Hmm, I dunno then.
Bronysith: There are also a lot of bronies ^^
And Tara Strong.
Malavolent: yea
Man, how can you even complain?
Malavolent: idk
/me starts singing along
Lil_B: Depends on the city and the state
or how there are many sheep
ANYWHOO
pie time
/me eats 1 ton of pie
Malavolent: around $2-$4 for that much, maybe?
Lil_B: I would understand if your teacher said Canada
GilDash: Try takeing a nap?
Wrek: u want some pie?
Wrek wants cake, fuck yo pies.
cake Wrek u want
I am at scholo
Litwick right! how the hell need Ponys nowerdays :V
that woiuld be stupid
to listen to music
Om: I hate sleeping. >_<
WallDives: Wait... let me convert that in my currency...
Om: Nor can I sleep on demand.
06i listen to music in class all the time
06O.o
GilDash: I forget not everyone has my sensabilities.
Yeah, that's pretty cheap, I guess.
GilDash: play the scary maze game
Om: You're not sensible, Ommy. :D
Bronysith: Ahh, no. :D
3.14 EUR, maybe?
it wakes me up
GilDash: Why you gota go and say that eh?
PIE
wow, pi.
Hullo everypony, DEATH TO THE STORMCLOAKS!
BlazeAngel: death to skyrim
Naio.
... swhat is that empty sheet of paper laying in front of me? Oh right its my unfinished Protocoll... Ugr i hate it!
WallDives: We don't pay with euros. I'm proud of it.
ah. sorry, I just took a guess as to what you would use.
Shoot for 5-9$ for icecream
/me snuggles Om.
Om: I wouldn't say it if I didn't care. ;)
/me rolls eyes
/me glomps GilDash
/me glomps Om
Selling a used pink bathrobe. Trololol...
skyrim is lahame
WallDives: No problem, it would be 79 Czech crowns, if you're interested :)
/me thinks Bronysith is glomping everyone...
BlazeAngel weird al reference?
/me glomps ACS13123
/me licks Bronysith.
ah.
Lil_B: Yus, actually.
was i right?
/me licks GilDash
Anyway, what pony is Wrek drawing?
/me licks Bronysith repeatidly
/me licks GliDash and Bronysith
DID SOMEPONY SAY GLOMPSING?!?!
Princess_Molestia: no.
Yes molestia.
:3
/me glomps BlazeAngel
No Molestia.
:3
/me licks Litwick
Malavolent: rarity i think
/me runs from Princess_molestia
Princess_Molestia: I don't know any glompsing.
/me force chokes alexxm
Wrek pony is best poneh!
/me glomps Princess_Molestia.
It is Rarity
/me kisses GilDash
why Bronysith
There's another room you can go to for RPs.
Litwick: ?
alexxm: u ran from my master
all dat glomping :D
/me licks Princess_Molestia.
okay
Beat ya to the room!
< Netherlands
do I need to say more
Litwick: There is, but its doubtfull they will >.>
they don't care about anything
Hello.
VioletGreySha: Really? She doesn't have blue eyelids, does she?
Malavolent: no idear but it lookslike rarity xD
06why?
VioletGreySha: Ok, it's oficially Rarity.
I guess she does.
06Netherlands is not everyone :P
yah
xD
Never doubt Wrek
/me licks Princess_Molestia
its been so long since i've been on Bash.
and i've forgotten how funny that place is.
whats bash WallDives
Death to Tsilight Sprinkle!
alexxm: a quote database.
13!espeon
/me still belongs to Global for 18 more minutes
13fff
3[6!6espeon vars 4reset3]
Nopoe
!pokemon
Espeon, you are a 12Tyrogue.
thanks WallDives
nope2
!eonget
ok
Hi
13!espeon
13!pokemon
13:3
alexxm: Requires Bear Form. Stuns the target for 4 sec.
13ohai~
13!touhou
Wait...
13!touhou
!eonget
4Skydroid just got a female 5Eevee
This bash.
hahaou.
13fff a character who I know plz
Vee
13!touhou
BRB ALL!
13k
what did you think i mean Malavolent
http://bash.org
Death to the storm ponys!
alexxm: Oh, nevermind :)
No outside links owlicious .
Dat white.
After the interview we all again vote and decide whether or not the applicant should be a mod.
oh right, the stream.
Agg! Mod-wall!
/me hides.
K, I will run that by my accosiates too. Thanks! :3
GilDash: Something your afraid of? Interesting.
just me, I find interesting that you use the application process, instead of a nomination process.
Om: I prefer to avoid Imperial entanglements. :)
WallDives: There are quite a lot of skilled poeple, who don't chat at all.
GilDash: Imperials are the true leaders.
Malavolent: I'm aware, I just said it was interesting, not that it was good or bad.
08,01we also put you through trials, like appeasing the dari-bot, jumping through things that are on fire, and listening to my poetry
Sounds like I missed something interesting.
BlazeAngel: Rebels FTW. :)
Allo everypony.
hello Meanwhile.
Woa what's going on here?
08,01whicih has been highly acclaimed by many of the coutnry's most renowned poetry critics as "vogonic"
Rebel against rebelion. Like a baws.
WallDives: Well, aplications seems better to me.
CrimsonPhoenix: Stuff.
I like stuff
08,01GilDash: pervert.
stuffing is best stuff
Malavolent: It's more fair.
like stuffing a turkey
WallDives: That too.
hey Meanwhile hows your day been
I need to inform my informants about the information I have received. That way they can inform their informants.
Where my ponies OF WAR????
See even the mods know GilDash
Happy Birthday Shizubirthday
:)
how are you a pervert GilDash
GilDash: and this is why you DONT become the center of attention. too many people notice.
alexxm: I'm not. :(
SHIZUKA!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D
sorry GilDash
/me starts lurking again
WallDives: I'm just being extra nice to people... :(
/me hugs GilDash
ScootaChicken GTFO.
Liek
/me lurkers gunna lurk
Nao
mfw I have quotes on BASH! holy shit!
Goddamnit DashWithRainbows
-_- blushing, ofcurse
hey ScootaChicken hows your day been
GilDash: what you do is more than nice.
Hm.
alexxm: Revision
WallDives: Really nice?
/me goes to play inside the Apollo 11 capsuel
ScootaChicken Dat feel when you don't have any tests in your course :P
hope its going well ScootaChicken
*capsule
GilDash: hahahano.
13 wub wub~<#
Well, Wrek's drawing and chat is apparently on a slow minute.
05best rarity i ever did draw
hey
/me hugs GilDash
DashWithRainbows: That feel when you don't go to school
WallDives: I just like making people happy. :(
DashWithRainbows: You're a wanker.
Guys, this will help a lot if you can do this, please describe me, from what you know of me of course.
ScootaChicken And so are you.
GilDash: again, thats a understatement.
hey derpy_pony hows your day been
fine fine, thx
your's?
or, rather correct in a way that is different tahn the obvious.
DashWithRainbows: It's boiling outside.
WallDives: No it isn't. :( It's the total truth.
than^
ScootaChicken It is?
I had a dream last night I got to work with Kari Byron from Mythbusters... that was a HOT dream.
DashWithRainbows: Dat feel when you walked home in a hoodie, jacket and jeans.
And then you woke up.
It's fukken boiling.
05ScootaChicken
Luna_of_War: -_- I had that dream, except I was Tory.
05you like audioslav/ soundgarden?
ScootaChicken: Holla! :)
Wrek
Wrek : can you put on Broken City?
13dat rarity
Wrek: I love Soundgarden, don't like Audioslave as much but I still like some of their stuff, why?
Yeah I can't wait for this one to be done
Actually Rarity isn't white, she's just a bright gray
05casue its playign on stream
...
Shizubirthday: Hey. Hey lady. Lady!
Litwick: shhhhhh
/me goes to stream
BlazeAngel She got upset because I wouldn't look at her while we were talking, but I was too shy to and afraid that she would see me drooling over her.
:$
XD
Wrek: I love you.
It's too warm
And too late in the day.
/me hugs GilDash
And too dim.
02!touhou
Ray, you are 13Kaguya Houraisan.
/me hugs alexxm.
And I have a headache.
/me sighs
02U mad Mokou?
Hey Meanwhile, Describe me, in the best you can, it will really help.
I wonder how David Tennant stood wearing a suit and a trench coat while shooting Dr. Who. He must have either melted or been made of lava.
WallDives: What's wrong?
BlazeAngel: I know absolutely nothing about you at all.
Meanwhile: Ive spoken to you every day youve been here.
>.>
Really?
Yah.
Huh.
Luna_of_War: must have sucked for tom bakers run as the doctor
My sister just caught a snake.
lol dat scarf
I think he probably had a good heat exchange thing going with that nose
excuality Luna_of_War
how'd she do that pyrocatboy
!pokemon
U guise knowz that Ipod headphnez haz built in mic?
bluesun, you are a 7Octillery.
05did she say "DAINGAH DAINGAH" as she grabbed its tail and jumped around liek a monkey? only to be kileld by a stign ray
alexxm : By putting on some gloves and grabbed it.
What the actuall fuck? :D
GilDash: some people IRL need to be hit. not backhanded, HIT.
05Irwin
OOGASOCKA OOGAASOCKA OOOG OOG *jumps ino elevator, slips on ladder*
Croikey.
who WallDives
WallDives: Who exactly are you reffering to?
GilDash: IRL shit. Stress.
Not me I hope, although I am sure I deserved it at some point
"You got blood on my DICK!"
Wat.
WallDives: You're stressed IRL and need to hit someone IRL?
02Late but.
what BlazeAngel
02OBJECTION.
wha?
GilDash: pretty much, but it isnt happening. I dont hit family.
02I wish I could listen to music. in the hallway, without teachers screaming at me.
WallDives: Well, I try not to. They don't always have the same reservations. :D
((lol reference no one will get))
02in classes is even worse, lol.
Litwick: ...
Blaze gets it :D
Croikey mate. Dingoes Mate.
does wrk always place a red blush on his ponys?
Reservations are for hipies
WallDives: PUNCH YOUR BED
Malevolent: Until he took a stingray to the knee?
Croikey mate dingoes croikey dingoes crocodiles mate.
CrimsonPhoenix: and have ANOTHER boxers break? no.
attention bronies it has come to my attention that someone has farted
NO.
Luna_of_War: Your sentence gave me cancer.
http://derpy.me/ahj9k
Crpoley/
WallDives: NO OUTSIDE LINKEYS DURING STREAM. sorry caps.
BlazeAngel: no outside NON-IMAGE links.
alexxm which one iof your senses told you?
BlazeAngel: It's an image, all cool.
Croikey.
I used to be an animal expert like you, until I took a stingray to the knee.
RTFR, mate.
/me slaps Luna_of_War with a cinderblock.
:D
FUUUUUU im an idiot. *Dies*
the stench sense Lil_B
brb
I hate to the knee jokes
slept for about 3 hours, ohai again bronies :S
Luna_of_War: You're terrible. :D
how exquisite
alllo valoreins
Allo valoreins
valoreins: Go get some more sleep. :D
I think it was his chest.
whats he drawing?
my guess it's rarity
Om - but that's not where skyrim adventures take arrows though
lol
hey valoreins hows your day been
ok... could you tell what said person ate erlier? Maybe that helps identifying him/her
Om: It was his heart, but they're making Skyrim crossover jokes.
to sleep, or not to sleep... that is the question...
GilDash: I like killing jokes, leave me alone.
Om: I'll never leave you alone. ;)
om killing jokes is best fun :D
valoreins: WB
Om it was already dead the moment it was noticed
Croikey is now the word of the day.
whether tis nobler to take a thousand slings and arrows, or... lie down?
valoreins: Aquire TARDIS, meet self, do both
GilDash: Thats what I fear.
ok i'll sleep again
Now, this is a story all about howMy life got flipped-turned upside downAnd I liked to take a minuteJust sit right thereI'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called Bel Air...
Meanwhile so we shall scream like maniacs when someone mentions it?/
Om: You'll enjoy my compay one day. :)
CrimsonPhoenix: Aye.
Yes.
bbl, phone.
hello bronystate
In west Philadelphia born and raisedOn the playground is where I spent most of my daysChillin' out maxin' relaxin' all coolAnd all shootin some b-ball outside of the schoolWhen a couple of guysWho were up to no goodStartin making trouble in my neighborhoodI got in one little fight and my mom got scaredShe said 'You're movin' with your auntie and uncle in Bel Air'
Allo teh_Tharassan|
GilDash: How optimistic
lali-ho teh_Tharassan|
/me ocean used stingray
Om: Realistic. ;)
/me It's super effective!
/me woul like to disable this smilys to Ponyfaces thing... the faces don't resemble my actuall intentions :/
GilDash: There needs to be a facehoof emot, just becasue of you.
=_(\
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m34vytUCgV1r468z1o1_500.jpg
Om: There needs to be a new wink emote because of me too. :D
BlazeAngel: that show was awesome
Lil_B: Magic.
/)3(\
pyrocatboy: HOW
05i dunno ScootaChicken: i fidn myself liking audioslave a bit more
teh_Tharassan|: Yeah.
Om Frienship said thing is
GilDash: Or not one at all >.>
What do you call a Draconequous that plays the guitar?
Om: That just wouldn't work. ;)
drawin rarity?
Dischord :D
Boooooooooooo
hey valoreins hows your day been
Luna_of_War: :D... Get out. :|
GilDash: You're right, that is why.
What do you call a draconequous that plays a bass guitar?
Datchord!
:D
Om: I know I'm right. :)
Nobody, cause nobody loves the bass player
I usually call my cable ether Dis Cord or Dat Cord
I've been tricked.
chat derped
:p'd
Om: You're easy to slip up. Come on, I'm not even at the top of my game. :D
alexxm chat is always derped
Lil_B: No.
Litwick YES!
so valoreins what have you been up to today
Wrek: I do like Audioslave, but Superunknown and Badmotorfinger are some of my favourite albums of all time, which is why I like Soundgarden more.
GilDash: I dobut that.
13http://i.imgur.com/7rNCa.jpg
I have an Opinion!
11.•10«11WB10 (bluesun10) 11WB10»11•. 10- bluesun: drf iz firin his razor? :O
Lil_B Litwick: now kiss
Dat backup.
Om: I've slipped you up 3 times today and I'm tired. There is no doubt. :D
05<3
alexxm you wwhich you had me as a doll
wish*
GilDash: I slip more than that walking down the street, you not so special >.>
Bored. Need something to do.
Shizubirthday: Buck, I've forgotten the Pokemon folder!
/me so saucy
05i was jsut checking if you were gona pull a OMG i haet u cause of that shit ScootaChicken :3
Pfffft LunaofWar
Meanwhile do my homework and do it right
13http://fav.me/d50pium
why not molestia Meanwhile
Luna_of_War, lol
Om: Meh, I'm having an off day, leave me alone. :D
I can do that.
Lil_B: What kind of homework?
12!pokemon
Soital, you are a Krokorok.
Writing a letter about what i have learned today (actuall thats quite accurate to what i actually have to do here)
Dear Teacher. I DIDN'T LEARN ANYTHING I WAS RIGHT ALL ALONG.
Lil_B: Dear Professor Celestia, today I learned...
Today I learned that my headphones are dying ALREADY...
Yeah I think my problem on drawing are my strokes
Well, I've got tea to eat. See you all in a little while. :)
-_-
seeya GilDash
Dear Princess Celestia, today I learned something.
11.•10«11WB10 (bluesun10) 11WB10»11•. 10- bluesun: drf iz firin his razor? :O
Luna_of_War that the electric resistence is releated to the Material that is used to conduct the electricity
Dear princess celestia. Today, I learned that with great power comes great current squared times resistance
/me Is so bored, would ride an activated missile for excitement..
:D
Dear Princess Celestia, you fill a void in my heart like an erroneous jigsaw piece, whenever I haze into the depths of your eyes etc.
I should be banned from typing.
http://derpy.me/POBmA
Dken2021: That goddamn monkey
also no MML3
:(
hey SonicTheStallion hows your day been
never played legends
oh
alexxm: It's been boring but fine I guess, how's your day been?
then you don't know the pain
good SonicTheStallion doing an article about bronies for my college course
alexxm: Sweet!
whys the chat dead
aeiou
alexxm: My friend came up to me earlier and showed me his new pony belt from Hot topic, I got so jealous XD
alexxm thats a short article "Bronies are good" what else is there to write about
05hwos it lookign so far?
05also
Afternoon, y'all!
05who ever it was that requested broken city
05here ya go
hai scoots
Wrek looks great. Also does your picture
hey Scoot-Scootaloo hows your day been
/me breaks lots of things
00,03I made stuff~
brb
Wrek : I love you.:)
00,03Also, it appears its someone's birthday!
ah, this again.
what a coinki-dink, it's my brother's birthday today.
00,03Look what I did! http://i49.tinypic.com/sxc8hw.jpg
that it is
chocolate pudding?
Dat cupcake.
WWow, looks... tasty?
Remember MY FIRE MONKEY IS DEAD anypony?
00,03Lighting sucks, but it is pudding!
*random scene* No! I'll do whatever you want, just please stop dunking the monkey!! Random Guy: Did he say dunk the monkey? Crowd: Dunk the Monkey!! *dunk monkey in huge pot of lava* *monkey screams like heck*
well Lil_B i'm going to talk about the history and how the people involved in the show have reacted and the various fan projects
IM BACK! AND HI :)
Wb ACS13123
welcome back ACS13123
alexxm will you mention the John De Lancè Kickstarter?
hey ACS13123 what have you been up to
stuff like that Lil_B
alexxm: homework :/
Scoot-Scootaloo hope you weren't up at 4am making it
hi ACS13123
Scoot-Scootaloo Needs more Neil in that pudding.
00,03I already lost control of my life :(
/me is back
back.
Wb WallDives.
welcome back the both of you
dat Scoot-Scootaloo
wb emangamer
/me has turned his phone off.
and walldives
why is there still no Retro City Rampage Release date? Why can't i do my homework that is right infront of me? And why am i whining in the Chat about it?
05lemme show ya what my sis baked today then
this is a good day, and my fam is not going to ruin it.
00,03I hope its crackers!
lil_b, I care about what you have to say.
I hope it's a carp.
08,01# show us, show us #
anyone wanna play either TF2, portal 2 or L4D2 with me?
/me hugs PinkiePieFTW
05http://notharam.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/wpid-dsc00260.jpg?w=640
They keep dunking the poor monkey in lava!! :'( Random Guy: Did somebody say dunk the monkey again? Crowd: Dunk the Monkey!! *dunks monkey in lava again* *monkey screaming* Judge: Hey! I'ts only if I say dunk the monkey! Crowd: Dunk the Monkey!! *dunks monkey again* Judge: *facehoof*
idk how to do that...
Wrek: dat be awesome
Cupcakes.
08,01HEHEHE
so I'll just say "is hugged"
08,01CUPCAKES! \o/
08,01PinkiePieFTW: do /me
those look nice...
lol
00,03Oh man.... I gotta make some Scootaloo Cupcakes!
/me :P
"do me"
>_>
O.O
that's funny.
^
/me laughs at the double entendre
great, now I'm hungry for cupcakes again
08,01PinkiePieFTW: no, i mean type /me something
08,01oh, right
08,01yes
08,01taht's correct
08,01well done
/me 08,01sulks off
thx helpful ppl
Needs more...something.
Urgh.
attention bronystate i have burped
^
/me parachutes into chat.
yay bacon strips.
Meanwhile *cowbell* fix`d
alexxm: Ric Flair left TNA.
hey OmegaMetroidBrony hows your day been
O HAI OmegaMetroidBrony, and nice entrance :)
hai guys :3
Gotta practice for that Invasion
Allo OmegaMetroidBrony.
hi Claude.
so is retired for good now WallDives
bald rarity is disturbing...
Oh hai Bronystate
hey Claude hows your day been
I just made a new friend
hey OmegaMetroidBrony hows your day been
omega, you're back.
Good alexxm just preping for that invasion
I live to see you.
alexxm: he already doesnt wrestle. but since his daughter joined WWE, he will probably be back to WWE as well.
08,01have some roseluck: http://i.imgur.com/ZbLo8.png
Claude I#m jelaus
/me met their soulmate
*jelous
perhaps as a commentator god knows he'd be better then booker t WallDives
Is birthday mod on?
13did i heard roseluck?
Lil_B: dont be
Shizubirthday nope "Rosebud" but thats a different movie
because I have always had a fear of horses (they hate me) and today I went to school stables and met a horse who likes me :3
alexxm: if he does, the hope is (in the IWC) that he becomes a manager, maybe for Ziggler.
Shizubirthday: have you ever watched yu yu hakusho?
/me hugs Shizubirthday happy birthday.
sup bronies
Heya GarrettBrony
I herd YYH?!
that's nice Claude
sup brony
allo GarrettBrony
Happy birthday Shizubirthday
hey GarrettBrony hows your day been
Dken2021 I know right! It loves me (I bribed him with polos)
13danke~<3
alexxm nuthin much just enjoying summer
/me glomps Shizubirthday
hay shizu
you have the same b-day as my brother
13<#
13~<3
BTW LadyCanary's Birthday is Thursday If I remember correctly
My Birthday was the day before the season 2 finale
Claude well not sure what a horse would do with shirts but ok
...
Dken2021: lol
horses can wear shirts... rght?
eeyu[
If rarity can change
Yeah
08,01want to now something funny?
08,01this is so true: http://i.qkme.me/3pdwe3.jpg
now
someone overextended their pinkie
I have a sign above my garage with two horses on it saying "welcome friends"
I have a horse soulmate -.(\ I always knew I am special
I have a sign on my forehead that says "Toxic"
Chat Y u scaring me into thinking I have to refresh all the time?
I have a sign outside that says OPEN
/me flying tackles meanwhile
05fukken ears
Wrek: <3
/me is hit by a low flying Claude.
08,01in case i forget who i am, and have a mirror handy
nrutas
Good thinking Batman.
/me hugs meanwhile and does cute eyes
Hiya everypony!
/me scowls.
hi TheMonstaMuffin.
Oh ai TheMonstaMuffin
Allo TheMonstaMuffin.
holey holes in a donut Batman
*hai
Hi mateys!
hai TheMonstaMuffin :d
hey TheMonstaMuffin hows your day been
*:D
OMG
Shizubirthday: http://i.imgur.com/WZMsW.png
NEW TENACIOUS D
WREK I LOVE YOU
Play the ballad of Bilbo Baggins
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sYf64O-tsy4 SO ADICCTIVE
emangamer: dat ROSE WHIP.
I LOVE MY DAD
WallDives: /)
I love that show
any one else leaving TNA WallDives
alexxm: Alex Shelley.
sorry who WallDives
the MCMG is no more.
He just brought home Grade A grilling meat
:F :F :F :F :F
damn that was one of they're best tag teams WallDives
hey TheMonstaMuffin hows your day been
MOAR MILLIONS
A million monies. And more million monies.
My last name is Monie
Meanwhile: who doesnt like MOAR monies
alexxm: well, the WWE is allegedly starting a criuserweight division soon, so, its a possibility that he goes there. otehrwise, he'll probably be in Ring of Honor
The Dali Lhama?
05this is one heavy song
I don't owe you nothing... I'm not buried in a box
Yet...
For once i want the stream to be a few seconds ahead, so we know what we're gonna type before we type it :D
What am I listening to?
:D
well if wwe is bringing back the cruiser weights at least it'll give sin cara and hunico something to do WallDives
Good Afteroon everypony!
yeah spotify
hi SparklyWaffles.
Allo SparklyWaffles.
Oh ai SparklyWaffles *hugs*
I'm back from schooll, what's going on here?
hey SparklyWaffles hows your day been
alexxm: and quite a few other wrestlers.
And you nyu
08,01ScootaChicken: yup
Damnit "H" button why are you difficult to type with
?
alexxm: It's been good, thank you :3
like evan bourne when he heals up WallDives
Haxatrodoxidexitrel.
05rarity and tenacious D is whats going on
Oh my, dat Rarity
/me opens up a bar in the chat
I say hey. What's going on?
good SparklyWaffles doing an article about bronies for my college course
hey Radu hows your day been
Hi alexxm, I'd give it a 8/10
alexxm: that's so awesome xD
How about you?
08,01ScootaChicken: £35 + £30/night for a hostel
08,01so you could probably do it on abotu £100
!pokemon
Anypony going to sturgis?
good Radu i'm doing an article about bronies for my college course
Means you won't get served ScootaChicken.
Oh, really? That's nice, good luck!
Meanwhile: You're fukken buying for me next time.
I am so not.
Because I'm a responsible adult.
08,01ScootaChicken: you'd need a responsible adult with you for the con, but i'd put myself down as that for you
08,01ScootaChicken: also, i'm not sure how that'd work with regards to accommodation
My parents probably wouldn't be so keen on me going to a convention for more than one day.
WallDives you recken they'll bring back the european championship
Even if I lied and told them it was a guitar convention or something.
alexxm: no. Not Happening.
Do you get guitar conventions?
how come WallDives
08,01Radu: dude, he's 14
alexxm: Mcmahon doesnt like it, HHH doesnt like it, and there's too many belts.
I know. :D
ScootaChicken, lying about where you go might get problematic. Trust me on that one.
Radu: :|
Also, this music is nice
05FUKKKKKKEN EARS
08,01i have not!
08,01i'm generally not atracted to people under about 20
/me is 19.
Wrek: the ears are fine ^^
why don't macmahon and triple h like it WallDives
Wrek: i know how you feel bro :I
RainbowAsh: Meh, guitars and bronies... pretty similar.
It's simple. We kill the batman.,
Wrek can I suggest some Boston. If thats okay with you.
alexxm: for trips, I think its because there's just too many belts. for mcmahon, who knows.
Meanwhile: means you're safe.
thanks WallDives
oh no....
Also, what is this?
ScootaChicken, I think your parents would beg to differ.
ehhhhhhhhhhhh what is this?
/me is 17
RainbowAsh: My parents probably wouldn't bother to do the research, knowing them.
De budy
Well, I'll never know what pony you're drawing.
Woodenfan: Rarity.
This skit is hilarious.
That's what she said.
Rarity
Is this a song or a?
ohhhhhh ok thanks WallDives
'You want to play like an orgasm'
wat
WAT.
/me is 18
Surprise, buttsecks?
wut
lolwat.
Surprise Butt necks
suddenly rape
This beat is smashing.
what am I listening to then?
WITH YOUR FUCKIN PENIS?
Oh my
Good afternoon everypony!! :)
ScootaChicken, just saying, it might be harder to pull of then you'd think and the downside of failing wouldn't be pretty.
sounds like Tenacious D?
Hi there RaveBrony
afternoon RaveBrony
hey RaveBrony hows your day been
Wrek holds the copyright for surprise butt secks.
Allo RaveBrony.
And who is that I see being drawn? ;)
Tenacious D are Homosexual?
good day again everyone
i thought i did Meanwhile
Meanwhile: so.... that feeling last night....
Dude, they were kidding
I know
/me waves to Radu, panda, alexxm, and Meanwhile :)
RainbowAsh: your name always reminds me at ashe from League of legends :D
RainbowAsh: To be entirely honest, I don't see why they would find out it was a brony convention.
Although I can see where you're coming from.
Hello you beautiful brownies :3
The Great CABONG!
Brownies.
Derpy_Ctra herro
hey Derpy_Ctrax hows your day been
brownies...
No
Meanwhile: wrek might hold the rights to surprise buttsex but i invented it
sounds so delicious.
/me is a pirate that doesn't do anything
Suddenly, mane
Sounds totally legit alexxm.
wait a sec alexxm... its was you then!
ScootaChicken, how often do you go to guitar conventions?
what panda
dat spotify what?
VioletGreySha, I must say I never played that game, or dota for that matter. ^^
08,01blargh
Dat auto script.
auto script!
alexxm: that climbed in my window with a mask on and yelled "for Equestria" as you had your way with me!
RainbowAsh: yah its ok maybe i played it to much no idear XD
Damn, my lamp stops working just when I want to draw.
opps panda
Dat topic/.
RainbowAsh: Actual guitar/music in general conventions I go to somewhat often (usually about once every three or four months, give or take a couple)
Depends on how much they cost/my proximity to them.
alexxm: :) i was a surprise... none the less, twas enjoyable
it*
13http://i49.tinypic.com/sxc8hw.jpg ScootaNommin wub~<3
Anyone know if the spotify free is any good to get anymore?
who drew that
00,03The least I could do! <3
13wub wub
Happy birthday, Shizubirthday!
00,03Also I like chocolate pudding~
GarrettBrony: Wrek of course
13flarita~<3
13-t
Its beautiful!
00,03Oh, and I drew that too~
13wub wub wub~<3
ScootaChicken, I see. Still, you'd have to lie to your parents for an extended period of time. Unless you have sociopathic tendencies, that is something rather hard to do.
WallDives is it wrong that i feel kinda sorry for the miz i mean last year he was wwe champion now he's broudus clay' jobber
Wrek are you doing this with a Graphics Tablet or just the mouse?
It's hard to do that unless you have sociopathic tendencies?
Oh dear.
^
Goodnight everyone, take care and have fun!
Night Radu.
night radu
cya Radu
Night Radu :3
Cya Radu!
take care :P
alexxm: he's doing the marine 3. I dont feel sorry for him, he's gonna get written off till post filming, then he'll be back in the mid-card.
FuuuuuuUUUUUUUUUUCK.
Wrek: DIS SONG :D
still kind of a long way to fall in just a year WallDives conserding the people brodus clay usually gets
FUCK
fuuuuuuck
yay cursing.
Dat Dave Grohl
alexxm: also, miz got blamed for last year's survivor series buyrate. so..also, Clay has been getting pushed, and the roster is REALLY thin atm.
twilight_sprinkler: but there is a lot of that here ^^
good point WallDives
/me face melts
you know... JB has a very interesting way of writing songs ^^
/me face melts again
pyrocatboy: you should really get that checked out ^^
lol
"demon gel" gigity~
and oh god, RBY on piano. my childhood...
NNnooo
http://f.asset.soup.io/asset/3118/6495_8592.jpeg
dat quality <3
Hey :D
hi Onyxia.
Log back in and hearin Tenacious D. Like a boss.
hey Onyxia
hey Onyxia hows your day been
sup?
Allo Onyxia
I DO NOT NEEED
um
slow chat is slow
Luna's Theme Song
A MICROPHONE
There goes my freaking head
:(
hi- OMGYES!!!!!!!!!
idk... didnt go well in my geometry exam
wat r we hearing?
Tenacious D.
Happy birthday Shizubirthday
ill learn it on guitar lel
what program is being used here?
i g2g read
cya
Woodenfan, i believe pointool Sal
oh ok
thanks DerpyCtrax
You couldve just full screened tho ;D
It reads there on that window
dude I totally miss you!!!! :D :D :D
dude i totally mmissou
00,10lots and lots of bread was made. Not sure why we call it toast though.
How can I miss you if you don't go away?
Meanwhile: Practice,
this is what I sing when I am not on bronystate
Dude, he totally misses you.
00,10So how is every one this blazing hot day?
I got harassed by a french woman at the bus stop.
kinda humid...
One of my chickens died.
I missed lunch.
How're you?
05the art is too damn saucy!
Wrek
wat
05its a meme
05the rents are too damn high
The need to explain is too damn high.,
huh?
My friends might get aressted for a hate crime, its fucking hot, and my cats are fat
otakon is too damn high.
so fine :)
/me huggles Shizubirthday and hands her birthday muffins~
Kipkat07_Mare: that sucks, but that last bit is pretty funny.
otakon: I dont really care if they get arrested
My kite is too damn high.
05i feel liek techno
my cat is so calm all the time
Kipkat07_Mare: then they must not be much of a friend then.
my cat is too damn high
otakon's shipping is too damn low.
otakon: you guys are nicer to me than they ever have been
08,01Wrek: you look like techno
00,10techno is good
Kipkat07_Mare: some friends. (no offense)
And then Wrek was techno.
WallDives: I dont mind :)
00,10dad are you in techno?
Yes, now we are a family again.
08,01yes, son. now we are a family again.
05wait who was a rarity fan here now again? otakon?
ME
I like Kip
No otakon likes...well. Who doesn't otakon like.
Wrek: um, RAWRity for sure. But I like Rarity.....why?
Wrek: me
Meanwhile: I don't like Diamond Tiara
I LOVE Rarity
Kip is best OC besides mod OCs
08,01otakon: everyone likes diamond tiara!
I want to hit Diamond Tiara with a spade.
08,01Kipkat07_Mare: my OC would totally do your OC
05tryign to headcanon who gave her the necklace
http://i.imgur.com/Gqqrx.jpg
I got prrof
proof**
Meanwhile: What do you think of Trixie then?
08,01CrimsonPhoenix: http://i.imgur.com/dt8Z3.jpg
I want to drop Trixie in a fire.
need to actually make a oc...although I dont draw or write.
yeah that's my picture what of it
hai again everypony, im back :)
wb Michael.
08,01CrimsonPhoenix: no, it's my picture of your picture
back to playing Pokemon hacks. Yeah, I'll stay on here though
08,01S C R E E N C E P T I O N
D:
no but still what was the point of that
08,01now someone take a picture of that
I need tea.
brb
Wrek: It's made from the herat that Spike ghave her?
*heart
Woodenfan: i'm listening to RBG played on piano.
08,01we need to go deeper.
Walldives: cool
so, you called a disk the TARDIS... it it bigger on the inside?
05dunno yet
05thinkign of makign it a purple shade Onyx
argh, STUPID USB !
05suddenly quiet
work CORRECTLY DAMMIT!
08,01:(
08,01otakon hates me
Shame on him
Dis got dem bass :3
slow chat...
Well WallDives, make us a topic then.
theres your topic
...I got nothing.
Back.
all I know about scotland is from their Football League. and thats next to nothing.
yeeeah
:)
Eh, circle of life.
VidyaGames?
:D
On the bright side, very little mess.
USB: I don't hate YOU, I hate MINE. It stops working or powers down randomly for NO reason, regardless of how long it's been on. Sometimes ten minutes after I start up my PC, sometimes after 8 hours of being on.
because they're venomous?
Idk about venomous, but they're at least poisonous to cats.
wat USB version are otakon1?
Or perhaps they don't taste as good. Don't really know.
I'm back. :)
welcome back, GilDash.
Shame.
Michael: it's a WN111v2 Netgear USB Wi Fi Adapter
Wb GilDash
Om: :|
Allo GilDash.
Wrek, hopefully you post this on your DA I'm looking forward to how it will look^^
there we go
Wrek posts errything on his DA./
Om: You're the only negative respondant. :|
ah, i was thinking a memory USB
GilDash: That happens.
/me hugs Om.
Hi everypony!
Remind me why you can't get your own internet otakon.
hi OtakuTom.
Allo OtakuTom.
Om: Obviously you're in a low mood and need a hug. :)
/me presses the dislike button
OtakuTom: Holla! :)
Well everypony, I'm outro... SEE YA :D
Bye panda
bai panda./
Meanwhile: no job atm and my mom doesn't want to get internet.
bye panda
Im off everypony. I know i was quite silent, but its just cuz im watching boxing :)
hai OtakuTom
Om: This isn't Facebook. :p And what makes you think I'd care. :D
hiya OtakuTom
bye panda
panda: See ya. :)
TheMonstaMuffin: See ya. :)
Makes me feel better.
Why doesn't your mum want internet. The internet is so handy dandy.
00,10never heard this opening of this song
Bye GilDash
;)
huh.
I wouldn't make that face at me. You don't know what you're getting into. :D
Meanwhile: bc she works alot and isn't ever home to enjoy it, even though at most it would be an extra 50 bucks a month. She only has the most basic of cable too.
bye TheMonstaMuffin
That sucks otakon.
00,10guess this is the orignal version of the song
Meanwhile: indeed it does, I would rather have internet over cable ANY day of the week
hiya Sumica how are you today?
00,10i am well
hai Sumica
05aye it is sumi
00,10kicked ass at work and got out early
Meanwhile: besides, she feels that if we can get access to our neighbors she doesn't need to get it. Except the times when their router goes on the fritz or the two times it's turned off completely for some reason.
13bread almost ready to bake~<3
yay Shizubirthday!
and good for you Sumica
Oh, hello everypony.:)
hai TheRainbowDash
hiya TheRainbowDash
Allo TheRainbowDash
TheRainbowDash: Holla. ;)
05queue spanish guitar
hey TheRainbowDash
13http://soundcloud.com/kamishizuka/kamis-failure-redux
Hmmm, I see it is someone's birthday today?:)
TheRainbowDash: break out the cide
r
(brings out some cider, and gives some of it to Bronysith)
Rev up those ponies.
This is gonna be good, Rarity's my second favorite pony
I SHALL KILL APEG
Shizu, i take it, its your birthday?? :o
Hi gais
I SHALL KILL A KEG
hai icybeauti
Hey icybeauti :P
icybeauti: Holla! :)
hi icybeauti. feeling better?
13RaveBrony: nope i just have the party hat on because reasons
13yes it's my birthday <3
Lo!! :D
Hello icybeauti! (waves and hugs) How are you today?
Happy Birthday Shizubirthday!! <3 :$
/me huggles Shizubirthday and swings her around~
i am the best pony
13<3
:D
congratulations, Shizubirthday :)
13<333
Hi Michael RaveBrony and GilDash. I'm certainly better than yesterday WallDives, but not completely. I'm good TheRainbowDash
:D:D:D
Suddenly a Flaria.
Shizubirthday: Oh, happy birthday then! (super big hug for you) How old are you already?:)
And are you having a good birthday Shizu?
DashWithRainbows: Technically I lurk everyday, heh
:P:P:P:P:P
/me gives a birthday cake to Shizubirthday
erreday more like
05ey Sumica
05soon I has battleships
hiya Sumica
Damn, today has been *slow*. :S
icybeauti: thats good, although I hope you get back to normal soon.
:P:P:P:P:P
Can I have a belated birthday? It was 21 days ago
Flaria I think I've become a bit more lurky as well I guess >_<
GilDash: yep.
^_^ I got out of work early - If anyone from the office calls, I'm going over the pictures :P
hi Sumica
WallDives: I'll probably be better by the end of the week.
Hai everypony!
WallDives: Maybe that's why I'm out of energy?
Allo Airpuff
hai Airpuff
hi Airpuff.
hi Airpuff
Airpuff: At least you're around. :)
Oh heya Airpuff
Song name. Now.
Hello Airpuff! (waves and hugs) How are you today?
belated happy birthday then, Woodenfan ^^
Hm GilDash ? =o
Hello Airpuff, how has your day been?
Hehe hey to all of you too ^^ ITs been good =P
GilDash: I have a retort to that, but it isnt worth the energy.
Seriously, I need to know the name of this song.
thanks derpy_pony
WallDives: Or the hassle. :D
WallDives: It almost never is.
I can deal with hassle. cant deal with lethargy.
Airpuff: "Our" crowd has hardly been on today. Even I'm having an off-day.
heya Airpuff
GilDash: Ahahaha xD
Todays temperature is too damn high.
Oo hai Bronysith =)
I want it to be winter again.
I want it to be snowing.
Bronysith: Any new chapters up?! =O
Airpuff: no sry
wow that rift
Bronysith: nuu! xD
Meanwhile, my face -> D:
I ended up having to coem home 7th period today. But it was awkward in the nurses office since...Is anyone eating?
Airpuff: im thinking of ideas
hey TheRainbowDash hows your day been
Meanwhile: Try being stuck in an uninsulated room with no way to get the heat out. :|
Bronysith: ahaha okei. Use your time, just remember to tell me when you're finished one :O
so says the person reading about pokemon cities in relation to IRL ones.
alexxm: Ah, been pretty good, and you?
Airpuff: but of fucking course
I AM stuck in an uninsuated room with no way to get the heat out.
/me glomps GilDash
Bronysith: ahaha
Airpuff: did u read my latest one though
Bronysith: .. the one with the sick lightsaber?
The 4th city you go to in B&W is based off lower manhatten.
PONY: You've brought a nice smile to my face. :)
good TheRainbowDash doing an article about bronies for my college course
Airpuff: yea
GilDash :)
Bronysith: eeyup read it
alexxm: Awesome!
alexxm: That's cool.
icybeauti: all of B/W is based on NYC/New jersey.
Almost all your firends are here GilDash, how excited you must be,
Meowth is making the ghost type gym my beeyatch
alexxm FTW !!!!!!
Om: Well, the old ones are. :)
Michael: ftw
BRONIES FTW!!!!!!
Aww yeah!
/me rolls eyes
/me hugs PONY.
/me glomps Om
Wait, who is USB?
I have finally accepted the fact that BronyState nevers sleeps
PONY: It's been a slow day for me. :D
WallDives: I know. It's pretty cool, and I think that the train place is based off Croton, which is where all the trains are stored.
Holy ctap my fan IS plugged in.
Kanto is based on Kanto and Chuubu, Johto is based on Kansai, Hoenn is Kyuushu, Sin'noh is Hokkaido.
I thought it was dead
GilDash, anything productive? :3
PONY: Ahaha no kidding
/me dodges glomp
/me glomps Om
PONY: For the first hour or so... within the chat... :D
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
damn it Wrek ... nice rarity
Michael: Ah, thought it was SuperBrony.
/me steps out of the way again
Anyone recommending anime show, that i would like? So far the only full series ive watched is Full Metal Alchemist :3
alexxm: d'awww...*purrs and nuzzles you*
GilDash, of course, I'm normally afraid to come here doing the week because of that
/me hold Om with magick before glomping? o.o
:D
Gurren Lagann
gurren lagann Derpy_Ctrax
Derpy_Ctrax: Watch Rozen Maiden. That's where desu came from. But it is a very good show other than that.
PONY: You're not afraid of me, are you? ;)
damn magic.
TTGL FTW !!!!!!!
Cobellanez: dat hive mind
/me 13can't watch rozen maiden anymore
GilDash, I'm only afraid to get stuck in here :P
Wrek should totally get a sketchbook cutie mark.
/me smiles *Glomp success*
13i ruined it by using the soundtrack in morrowind and oblivion for so long
Toot toot
PONY: I know what you mean. Still, you're with me... ;)
TOOT!
Dad, are you space?
O.o
13dad are you dragons?
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEE! YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWW
Hmm, my wallpaper turned into Rarity's Kitchen sink x Pinkie Pie's bathtub
Wat.
icybeauti: Did somepony say, space?
GilDash: I think you see people as numbers, some days.
kino no tabi is beautiful, Derpy_Ctrax. mushishi too
Im having problems following this dad:..... xD
Cobellanez: Oh, okay. :D
TheRainbowDash: Yes, we did say SPACE!
Hey! That is what it said.
Cobellanez: .. what is that supposed.. to mean? xD
Second conclusion: Only one getting something done while being at BS is the streamer.
Yay! space and toast is the best combination ever.:)
WallDives: That's why I need a list. I can match the numbers off to the names. :D Seriously though, PONY was one of the first I knew. He's special. :)
Space, desu, and mandows=ftw
Shipping at it's finest
TheRainbowDash: how about. g4 ponies and real
what type of anime u want? derpy_pony
/me is a special Pony :3
/me hugs my special PONY.
Derpy_Ctrax: you want to watch gurren lagann
Bronysith: Oh, right. Toast+ponies (G4)+ space=best.
Oh my gooooooooooood. Fan is best pony right now.
TheRainbowDash: ... you eating toast.. again? xD
wat
what did fan do Meanwhile
BRB
Airpuff: That's all TheRainbowDash eats. Toast and skittles.
Airpuff: Hay yeah I am!
I had toast this morning. Can't have cereal due to sore throat.
Fan is blowing me. Really really well.
GilDash, you need your own Guest book for BS
GilDash: I've noticed xD
GilDash: High sugar count and bread count.
PONY: Huh?
Meanwhile: you meant it to sound like that, didnt you?
TheRainbowDash: ... SHOCKING! =O
/me bobs head.
ACS13123: Of course.
Airpuff: My daily diet.:D
what have you been up to today TheRainbowDash
TheRainbowDash: I don't think there's a "bread" count. :D I think that's carbohydrates.
TheRainbowDash is here? how come im never talking when people come on...
GilDash: Well, there it a breadc ount in my eyes.
(count)
/me stares at TheRainbowDash ... "Okie Dokie.. Lokie... It seems like a tasty diet" xD
TheRainbowDash: That's because you're a crazy mare. :p
05challenge: name a recent comedy movie that features this song in its OST
Challenge declined.
whats the name of the song Wrek
GilDash: The most crazy pony.:)
GilDash, if you get lost with all the names here, you could as well be "La Portier"
i have no idea :D
Everypony here is a crazy mare.
TheRainbowDash: I'm trying to compete for that title. :p
nope icybeauti
PONY: Not sure what reference alludes to. :S
GilDash: You can't steal that title from me!
GilDash: ... Would be like... nickname.. "Damn" xD
icybeauti: the desert area in B/W is Ground 0.
Michael: Who
Wrek: Something with Adam Sandler.
icebeauti got it right, deal with it.
WallDives: I had no idea! (Literally) -moment of silence-
TheRainbowDash: I can have fun trying. ;)
icybeauti: i'm not a mare
Airpuff: What? :D
GilDash, well somepony needs to keep track of all the visitors ;)
GilDash: Fun trying indeed.
Michael: AHHH
/me is a crazy stallion
icybeauti: yeah. like, seriously, it matches up almost perfectly, and the desert palace is where the towers would have been.
i thought i had the title GilDash and TheRainbowDash look heres a picture of me with it http://cheezburger.com/2667488512
PONY: I don't speak French so I've no idea what you're saying. :D
Akward moment when you use the caps when you don't want to.
GilDash: Donno.. a fitting word. xD Maybe.. nah cant think of anything that describes it better o.o
WallDives: Ohhh, now I get the underground tower and fossils.
yeah.
alexxm: Hahahaha:D
GilDash -> The Porter/Doorman/Gatekeeper, which ever you prefer
Airpuff: My nickname as "Damn." How does that work? :D
what TheRainbowDash
GilDash: Well......
PONY: I'd be crap at that. I'd never be at my post. :D
Aliens
Castelia is Lower Manhattan, Nimbasa is Midtown Manhatten.
manhattan^
05sogn is over. the movie was Zohan
Manehattan^
Lemme try to decode the rest of the game; The snowy city is buffalo, the beach is the hamptons,
GilDash: Thats the first thing i thought when i got to know ya... xD
PONY: Besides, I'm not the first pony you want to meet. I'd scare everypony away. :D
I said something with Adam Sandler damnit that's close enough.
icybeauti: no.
:O
WallDives: Lemme goodle that stuffs. I was guessing.
derp chat
Airpuff: Is that damn as in "godamnit" or damn as in, "damn girl"?
HEY GUYS
GilDash, you'd be mingling with the guests, like in an open club.
IM BACK
hai Nabronyan
GilDash: Most likely the last xD
Welcome back Nabronyan! (waves and hugs)
PONY: I'm not sure mingling is the word I'd use. ;)
Airpuff: I thought so. :)
/me Hugs back
hey Nabronyan hows your day been
except, mods keep geting mad to everypony else, which sort of defends the title I just gave you
Nabronyan: Holla! :)
GilDash: Maybe its better to say "DAIUM-Girl" xD
It's been OK so far
Airpuff: Much better. :D
Hello GilDash
Cant ban the gatekeeper
GilDash: Yeah i thought so too =o
PONY: i thought i had it look see i have it http://cheezburger.com/2667488512
oh finally
PONY: Can't have me as the gatekeeper. They'd be too terrified to come through. :D
alexmm wat? :D
what PONY
/me walkes to alexxm and lifts him into the air "YAY! I HAVE A PONY!"
Airpuff: Get off my toast supply.:D
alexxm, okay you have it
GilDash: thats becaus people are cowards.
hey Nabronyan hows your day been
Airpuff: stop that
/me Walks up to Airpuff and lifts him into the air
Yay, I haz hooman bean
WallDives: Would you come into a club when you've been greated by me?
/me is lifted o.o
so...what's up for the moment?
ho PONY
GiLDash, well, Om stayed.
GilDash: probably.
/me tryes to set down alexxm .. but he is lifted into the air making it hard =c
WallDives: Liar. :p
Hallo Lil_B, still coming to Frankfurt?
(lifts GilDash in the air, and starts to rub her tail a little)
/me rembers he's a pegasus and flies off
PONY yes, i also talked to Dark_Horst
PONY: He hasn't gone yet. He's such a silly filly. :D
TheRainbowDash: Uh, what are you doing? :D
/me teleports out of Nabronyan 's deathgrip o.o
GilDash, see? Everypony loves the insane
GilDash: Nothing really...(sweating)
/me glomps Nabronyan
GilDash: you underestimate me. Fighter, not a lover.
Nabronyan: its good to see u again man
Lil_B and what's his though?
t
YO DAWG
PONY: It is infectious, isn't it? ;)
WallDives: Then you ain't coming in this club. :p
GilDash, give it in for the madnees
KICK OUT LOGIC
Wait, what id being drawn in the stream right now?
ACHIEVE THE IMPOSSIBLE
any1, likes OP?
PONY he said he is thinking about it because Frankfurt is close enough for him, but he has no time because of exams
(is)
Who said "the club"
Boy, it sure is derping around here.
PONY: "Get down with the sickness."
Michael: i like one piece
Hey guys, does anyone have their own original pony character I can use in my fanfic that I am planning?
No wifin' in the club.
You what TheRainbowDash ? xD
:D
Nabronyan: you can use mine
Lil_B, well, that's something :)
GilDash: I know, and it explains a lot.
Airpuff: Hmmm?:D
Nabronyan: I don't think you'd want mine. :D
05howssat?
it's one of the best anime i have ever seen
TheRainbowDash: ... too much toast must make your brain go wierd xD
WallDives: Like what exactly? :)
Nonsense
T'is awesomesauce Wrek
GilDash: not going into that here.
Airpuff: It speeds it up, makes me hyper.
Wrek: Making me envious. In other words, good job. :D
wrek looks good
Sup everypony.
TheRainbowDash: ... hyper.. yeah xD
Hai Kid_Cobalt
Allo Kid_Cobalt
GilDash... Yay, three days and # Rainbow_Dash is back
hai Kid_Cobalt
Airpuff: Plus, I got the Toast Department Led, so I control the toast supply and what not.
WallDives: There's always PMs. ;)
(Lead)
():)
I'm an angel
!pokemon
Nick, you are a 13Swoobat.
GilDash
kay
PONY: Aww, you've been dying to return there, haven't you? :)
/me takes controll over TheRainbowDash 's toast supply
What do you mean I wouldn't want to use yours?
But dari, angels don't have horns.
of Bel-Mare
10!pokemon
Skylands, you are a 6Beautifly.
remind me to propperly tag the Kid Icarus Soundtrack :/
GilDash, indeed, I'm sick of hiding.
Meanwhile: The horns are just there to hold up my halo. :>
AH! MY DAD'S GROWING A BEARD! :o
Oh that's ok then dari.
PONY: What do you mean, hiding? Look at me, I don't hide. :D
IT'S THE END OF THE WORLD
/me hides in a bomb shelter
Airpuff: Wait, where are you going with all of my toast?
GilDash, I'm hiding, I can return when the Channel is back up
/me sings the REM song
hey Kid_Cobalt hows your day been
/me doesn't want to set the world on fire
PONY: Why would you hide? Don't you want to come out and play with me? ;)
TheRainbowDash: ..... Well... Im going to put it in my car and eat it all as i drive away from you o.o
/me just wants to start a flame in your heart
Hey Wrek, you here?
GarrettBrony: It's was always burning.
he is
Airpuff: Stop right there, (approaches you)
It*
Hey
ohai people!
GilDash, hiding is healthier, reds are here, and every time I see them, they remind me of Canada
Ohai mark
Allo Giger4444
/me jumps in car and starts driving!
alexxm: Meh..
hai Giger4444
/me pulls up a chair "This is going to be good"
Hello Giger4444! (waves and hugs) How are you today?:)
Wrek is streaming, I presume
PONY: Be brave! :p
hiya Giger4444
hey Giger4444 hows your day been
WindWhistler|Games: yep. also, hai!
Meanwhile, I wonder what he's drawing...
Giger4444: Holla! :)
Oh, purple hair
GilDash, undercover is sort of brave :/
probably Rarity
WindWhistler|Games: He's drawing Rarity with some form of necklace.
it looks all dark and evil....
PONY: At the forefront is both braver and more fun. ;)
Giger4444: whats up
/me didn't start the fire.
reminds me of another picture
Thats it, I couldnt get more work done for today, my brain is mush...
GilDash: Forefront of what?
GilDash, I could't resist drawing reds attention
it was always burning since the worlds been turning
http://fav.me/d48j8au
PONY: Seriously, you should've been here when I got on. Not 10 minutes and I'd changed the entire conversation. :D
I fell into a burning ring of fire.
GilDash
Airpuff: I think you know what. ;)
That's what seeing that necklace reminded me of
I went down, down, down and the flames went higher.
Nabronyan: Yes?
Why'd you say I wouldn't want to use your pony?
GilDash, I have seen how it goes
Kammerjunk: THROUGHT THE FIRE AND THE FLAMES WE CARRY ON
Bronysith: Close enough.
I'm here way too often
GilDash: dont tell me you're tainting another soul? xD
PONY: not enough
LENORD BERSTIEN!
back in a few...
PONY no you aren't
Nabronyan: You should watch me more closely on these chats. She's a little... too friendly. ;)
>Too often on BronyState
Wait, what?
PONY: You needs to gets ons mores ofthens
wat is this music?
...
nice
Hey Wrek, PM please. :>
Allo Princess_Molestia
Airpuff: Tainting PONY? If it wasn't for PONY and Canada I wouldn't be who I am today, probably. :D
Silly fillies, can't see the ceiling PONY
hi Princess_Molestia
/me feels fine
GilDash: xD Okai then ahaha
I really need to start learning to draw the mane 6.... I think its so cool how Wrek adds stuff to them :(
I just checked, the funds raised for the brony dosumentary is about to hit 75k bucks.
PONY: Yeah! You tainted me! :D
hai Princess_Molestia
/me jumps out a window to escape Princess_Molestia
GilDash, with pleasure
/me force chokes pyrocatboy
PONY: And I loved every second of it. ;)
/me transports pyrocatboy to molestia
/me is invisible
thats a sh/tload of cash
/me glomps Michael
nope
/me cant see Michael
Bronysith: Woah, slow down for a second.
00,10nice detail on the gold inlay wrek
^
wat TheRainbowDash
hey Princess_Molestia played with anyones arses lately
Dr Who theme song
I HAVE
alexxm: not really
Bronysith: .. why are you force choking pyrocatboy ? xD
alexxm: going to play with you sound good?
choke*
And by play, I mean test
Bronysith: Why you got to choke pyrocatboy?
GilDash, Canada unfortunately couldn't handle it all... He got CLUEless and kicked the bucked, now banished in exile, he will return when his training is complete.
And by arse
I mean nuclear weapons of mass destruction
TheRainbowDash: for trying to escape my master
sure Princess_Molestia
What am I seeing in the stream?
Arse.........nal.
Oh, I see now.
/me drags alexxm to another room
PONY: Good job I had a CLUE when to stop then. :p
Meanwhile: /)
Giger4444, Rarity
/me hands Meanwhile tea
Bronysith: (\
cheers
PONY: Was that really the first time we met up?
quite.
Which part? neck?
/me sips tea.
(\/) Pirahna Plant
GilDash, first time we didn't act normal
We are the Borg. Raise down your sheild, you will be assimilated.
/me bursts into flames and dies
/me stabs Bronysith
Eh, tea is not that good, I perfer cider.
Nabronyan: thats not what i see
(prefer)(
OH GOD
(\/)^;,,,;^(\/)
/me dodges pyrocatboy attack
GilDash, or Casual, if you prefer
are u threatening me pyrocatboy
/me ignites lightsaber
Stop the voilence
PONY: So, the time when we started enjoying ourselves then? ;)
/me has an ouchy
okay
/me deactivates lightsaber
that night #Rainbow_Dash became 20% cooler that very night
/me uses windmagic to push Bronysith and pyrocatboy hard into the walls making them faint.
peace plesae, peace and love
TrixieMuffin: (fixes your ouchy and kisses the wound) There there, it's all ok.
Bronysith : yes, yes i am
*please
/me wakes up immediately
Aww come on! xD
/me force chokes Airpuff
Airpuff: stop that
/me releases Airpuff
Airpuff: Hahaha, you lose.:D
Whoaaaaa nice photo of rarity over there
PONY: And we've been maintianing coolness in #Rainbow_dash ever since. ;)
Goodmorning bronystate
/me stares at Bronysith ... you're choking a pony who's using AIR magic? ._.
GilDash: u dont need the # for that
hrm
hiya DuskStarshimmer
GilDash, never gonna give you up
Wrek: dari wants you to PM him
hai DuskStarshimmer
Allo DuskStarshimmer.
GilDash: I am good there also, one of the more well known ponies there too.
PONY: I'm not singing that. :D
never gonna let you down
DuskStarshimmer: prepare ur anus!
thanks TheRainbowDash , I just sliced off a piece of my thumb! new knife is sharp as hell , doesnt help that i was diceing onions either!
/me shoots Bronysith
TrixieMuffin: Woah, seriously? Geez...
TheRainbowDash: I know. ;)
GilDash, almost. Here's for me then: http://mklasing.files.wordpress.com/2010/10/darth-vader-epic-fail.jpg
Wreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeek
Bronysith: I could blow so much wind at ya, that i could make you faint of a overload of oxygen! beat that one!
xD
hey DuskStarshimmer hows your day been
PONY: Too obvious. :p
/me turns arround and gets low on his forehooves Princess_Molestia,
Dat dari.
sorry to hear about that TrixieMuffin
05yes dari?
FUCK.
alexxm, I just woke up, so its been pretty fantasticsoo far
/me deactivates invisibility
Its not like i lost a finger , its just a patch of skin but it stings
/me greats Michael
feel like a ninja
/me drags DuskStarshimmer to another room
GilDash, gimme a moment, I will get my stuff back together in a bit
http://www.stopthemusicmonopoly.com/
Ahhh halp meeeeeeeeeeee!
Princess_Molestia: Done any Skyrimming lately?
PONY: Get your shit back together, son! :D
TrixieMuffin: oh what just a patch of your flesh missing? ah no thats completely ok.....
enjoy her DuskStarshimmer
have fun DuskStarshimmer
GilDash: It is together though.:D
Nabronyan: yes. i hate the game though
;) if yall say sooo
Nabronyan: my sister plays it all the time
TheRainbowDash: You're not PONY though. :p
GilDash: i am
oh Princess_Molestia has been rimming something alright and it aight the sky
GilDash: Too bad, I still respond.
GilDash, lack of new material, gotta think something new... Now, just waiting for the right opportunity
hi
hai CCCP
Bronysith: No you're not. :p
GarrettBrony: come here a minute
/me nuzzles TheRainbowDash
CCCP: Holla! :)
hiya CCCP
hello Michael
Allo CCCP
hey CCCP hows your day been
hey GilDash!
/me sky glomps CCCP
TrixieMuffin: -lol- treat it with disinfectent and apply a bandage. it grows back :)
CCCP sup
CCCP, just in time! Poland is harasing me!
hello CCCP
PONY: I don't wait. I just jump for it. :D
Evening CCCP
Hello CCCP! (waves and hugs) How are you today?:)
I've done some Skyrimming on things, too
bleh
And by Skyrimming, i mean blowing up
Nabronyan: ha
Meanwhile: why didnt you treat trixiemuffins wound?
CCCP: how are you sir?
And by 'On things too'
Implying I care, Kid_Cobalt.
Sooo much hello CCCP 6_9
I mean villages.
Kid_Cobalt: trixy is great and lustful
damn it Princess_Molestia
hai Bronysith and Meanwhile alexxm Princess_Molestia GarrettBrony PONY Airpuff TheRainbowDash
Princess_Molestia: uhhh.....yes?
DuskStarshimmer: ikr
CCCP, you forgot GilDash
lol
alexxm TheRainbowDash and Kid_Cobalt im good you?
Meanwhile: Dont you now? :3
Princess_Molestia http://cheezburger.com/2667488512
PONY: He did me specially. :p
bleep bloop
CCCP: Oh, doing good myself.:)
:3
:$
Ahma puddn some duct tape on et an id'll be fain!
alexxm: wat
i'm good CCCP doing an article about bronies for my college course
alexxm: tldr
http://bronies.memebase.com/2011/08/23/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-you-lose/
Trixie used to be Nabronyan's second favorite pony, until Nabronyan met Molestia. :3
alexxm: awesome!
what Princess_Molestia thought
alexxm: meh
alexxm: i dont like bestiality
Welcome, Nittany_Discord.
Did anyone see what I did there?
Dumorimasoddaa: i lost teh game
hey Nittany_Discord
DuskStarshimmer: ... dat game xD
hai Nittany_Discord
05its goign goooooood
Hey Wrek I just found out that the word "tungsten" is Swedish "heavy stone"
what Princess_Molestia
alexxm: im not into humans
it has been confirmed that twilight sparkle is best pony
alexxm: stallions and mares
SOPA is Stupid in Swedish
/me dusts Nittany_Discord.
GarrettBrony: rly? thats kewl
13http://i.imgur.com/RpZWT.jpg
GarretBrony... For once, Sweds make sense
05Gunthler|Busy: actualy its a compination of tung which means heavy and sten which is stone. Tungsten is still the name of the material
what makes you think i'm human Princess_Molestia
Shizu bread is best bread :D
for me there's no best pony, they are all perfect
Shizubirthday: Happy birthday! =D
Happy Bread, Shizubirthday
alexxm: well that body is not u
05and is therefore pronounced differently
I miss Alicorn_Prince_Shane Dx
/me gives muffins to everypony
Gunthler|Busy: Fun fact: Tungsten has the highest melting point of any metal, at 4310 C.
ill make u forget him DuskStarshimmer
happy birthday Shizubirthday x)
you best run DuskStarshimmer
/me Throws the muffin on the ground
NO
Happy birthday, Shizubirthday!
happy birthday Shizubirthday
you get anything else Shizunirthday
:O
Princess_Molestia, but he was my verry best most favorite aliocorn friend
Shizubirthday: i got a present for u
Kammerjunk: Oh, thanks. I gotta work on a Tungsten powerpoint for school. :D
00,10nice bread Shizubirthday
DuskStarshimmer: its okay
/me hugs DuskStarshimmer
Kammerjunk: Any more facts? :D
13<3
As in the element tungsten?
alexxm, don't underestimate the bread!
Shizubirthday: the big 22 correct?
:D
00,10i should stat snaping what I make at work
what PONY
Gunthler|Busy: Nope. I just happened to know that because I don't know why.
happy birhtday again Shizubirthday
I kinda wish I had digital art sofware. Or a tablet.
alexxm, don't underestimate the bread. What else could a person possibly need?
11,01Hi.
00,10made so many cake rolls today
i hope the xbox version of minecraft gets updated soon
hey Michael hows your day been
/me dusts Nittany_Discord.
/me 11,01dusts Meanwhile
Om: You and me both. :D
Ah, need to nom for a minute. Be right back everypony.:D
CCCP I prefer the PC version
hey Nittany_Discord hows your day been
Nittany_Discord: dust me
alexxm: a day full of win
How detailed does the presentation about tungsten has to be?
Shizubirthday: That bread on the picture sure looks delish. I must say, I am jelly.
Nittany_Discord: How are you discorded nittany?
/me hugs Nittany_Discord.
!touhou
/me 11,01dusts Princess_Molestia
GilDash: I suppose its a common thing to want.
CCCP I hope the java version of minecraft gets updated ever
but i didn't say anything about bread PONY
/me 11,01hugs GilDash
GarrettBrony: CONSOLE GAMERS MUST MAKE WAY FOR THE GLORIOUS PC GAMING MASTER RACE
DAT NITTANY
<3
GarrettBrony: me too but my pc is so crappy it cant run it
Om: Maybe, but I think it'd end up frusrating me. :D
/me hugs Nittany_Discord
DuskStarshimmer: me too
hmm
<3
CCCP, Protoip, computers are upgradeable
GilDash: Wanting a tablet?
my last statement required the royal canterlock voice
/me Attaches a nuclear jetpack to alexxm that is aimed at the moon
does the xbox version have modding support
11,01Dat emangamer
why Nabronyan
/me 11,01hugs emangamer and alexxm
/me hugs Nittany_Discord
/me glomps Nittany_Discord and Princess_Molestia
alexxm, you asked if he got anything else. Eve if he did, that would mean in some the Bread wasn't enough.
There are bananas. You shall retrieve them for me.
GarrettBrony, nope, and probably never will
Om: No, I mean being so crap with it. I'm not sure I'd have the patience to improve and learn to actually use it effectively.
/me cuts loose alexxm . x)
this must take ages to finish, these pictures
FUUUUUUUUU
/me dances
Woodenfan: yea they ARE masterpieces afterall
i meant for her birthday PONY
althouhg if minecraft moved to steam thye could totally use steam workwhoinp for mod support >_> just f'in say
thanks Airpuff
x)
alexxm, I know. There was Bread.
Bronysith: aye let me know when it's done
Airpuff: Bu-but whhhyyy? He was gonna get us all MOON bananas!
Woodenfan: of course
ANYPONY FOR TF2 OR SOMETHING
GilDash: I suppose that makes sense. I have been told I can draw, but I still think thats pushing it to say.
/me straps Nabronyan on his rocket and binds him there "There ya go, go get em!" =D
Kammerjunk Good authors too who once knew better words,Now only use four letter wordsWriting prose, Anything Goes.
suika ibuki is an onii. she has an ever-replenishing gourd with sake in it, and can turn into mist, with apparently the effects of sake.
Om: Whereas I know I can't. At all. I'mtoo critical to let anything be drawn and improve it. :D
Princess_Molestia, do as youy will, I have to bathe anyway before I can start my day
/me Flies to the moon to retrieve the Previously Mentioned Moon Bananas.
Princess_Molestia: you havent been talking much...
:P
sry
GarrettBrony: I'll use as many long worded letters as I want. :)
Om GilDash you should try atleast *-*
been doing business
ok
come here ACS13123
Airpuff: No. :p
GilDash: Yes:P
GilDash: I think that's what happens as you get older.
/me super glomps ACS13123 and pins him to the ground
she has horns, light medium-long hair, and a red ribbon on her horn.
OMG HAPPY BIRTHDAY Shizubirthday
/me noms on pie
Om: *Sigh* Maybe.
IS INVINCIBLE!!!!
amirite AE ?
omg
Airpuff: I am drawing right now. Don't tell me what to do.
and dies...
I cant draw a straight line with a ruler, so Im not that good at drawing anything besides stick figures :D
Airpuff: Make me. ;)
lolwut?
GilDash: But be careful with that. You know what they say: Any sufficiently advanced vocabulary is indistinguishable from piffle.
/me Lands on Princess_Molestia
ACS13123: You are not.:|
Om i will tell you what to do.
I HAVE RETRIEVED ZEE MOON BANANAS
13Yep :P
/me hugs Nabronyan with her wings
/me ressurects ACS13123
00,10this sounds like gorlliaz
TheRainbowDash: But i want to be :)
/me Hands out moon bananas to everyone
Airpuff: I wont listen then.
Nabronyan: Eh, not impressed.
/me forces GilDash to draw :)
Oh dear
Kammerjunk: There is using a word because it fits and using a word because you can. :D
anything else to add? something about human interaction
ACS13123: you will never be.
GLOMP PILE ON ME!!
Om: but you are drawing.
GilDash: Trudat.
Airpuff: You'll have to try harder then that. ;)
TheRainbowDash: I can try :P
Airpuff: So.
/me Glomps Princess_Molestia
ACS13123: and you'll fail.
My handwriting is also sucks and it's hard to read but thats partly because Im left handed.
/me gives gildash some paper and a pencil
TheRainbowDash: Maybe...Maybe
Airpuff: I don't wanna! :(
ACS13123: Hmm, quite. (sips some cider)
/me glomps Princess_Molestia
13thanks everyone~<3
/me is left hooved
/me stares at GilDash "Well geeee youre the one who said i had to force you!"
/me then runs
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2128/
Hi everypony :$
Shizubirthday: Ah, you're are very welcome.:)
Hey Irish_Pony!
Hey Irish_Pony
Hello Irish_Pony! (waves and hugs) How are you today?
Airpuff: ... Can I use your pencil? ;)
I am jelly of Shizuka's baking skills.
Hello Everyone again.
Hey Princess_Molestia, you can let me go now :C
Shizubirthday: want some pie
GilDash: Sure you can use my pencil ;)
Salve, Ninjazz|Night.
hai Irish_Pony
Coffee is amazing.
TheRainbowDash: Can you pass me a cider *to Princess_Molestia* can i just have this cider first
/me drags Nabronyan to another room
Oh, hello Ninjazz|Night! (waves and hugs) How are you today?
Airpuff: I've handled it before. ;)
GarrettBrony: can you handle scissors? I just cant cut anything with them... :(
Oooooh noooooooooooo
Shizubirthday: So im guessing its ur b-day right?
Ninjazz|Night: I'm still waiting. ;)
ACS13123: fine
hai Ninjazz|Night.
TheRainbowDash: A bit down, but good.
thank you
ACS13123: Uhhh, sure thing. (passes cider to you)
Good gog I'm bored.
GilDash: Yep. Its a good pencil :P
GilDash: i noticed. :)
/me glomps Meanwhile
nope i cant use scissors
Meanwhile: now u wont be
/me thanks TheRainbowDash
/me is sadfaic
Not what I had in mind.
Ninjazz|Night: Oh, alright. I am doing just fine, myself.
Hey Michael
Meanwhile: toooooo bad
Reached the moon yet Nabronyan ? xD
/me drags Meanwhile to another room
Humbug.
Thats good to hear, TheRainbowDash, :)
Or Dashie.
Take it as I leave it.
Im back from the moon, Airpuff. Have a moon banana
Airpuff: I might need to borrow it for an extended time... ;)
done
/me drinks it "ahhh that was nice :)"
/me Hands Airpuff a moon banana
/me drops Meanwhile s soaked body onto the ground
/me drags ACS13123 to another room
Oh how i love a good pint
/me strokes Ninjazz's mane.
GilDash: Well that can be arranged xD
Hi, Good afternoon everyone ~
GilDash: Woah, slow down. I know what you're up to.:D
Allo TheGreatAndPowerfulT
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
hai TheGreatAndPowerfulT
TheRainbowDash: Shh. :D
youtube is 7 years old
Meanwhile: Dont worry, ill figure out a way to get us out of he- *dragged into room*
/me grabs the moon bannana "Thanks Nabronyan" :)
oy TheGreatAndPowerfulT
GilDash: Thanks, it's kinda bed maned right now. :3
Also Happy birthday Shizubirthday ~
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Hello TheGreatAndPowerfulT! (waves and hugs) How are you today?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Shizubirthday!
hello guys!
13<3
J00R WELCOME! NOW I AM OFF TO DO MORE NUCLEAR SCIENCE
/me brushes Ninjazz's mane. "Brushie, brushie, brushie..."
Morning all:D
GilDash: And by the way I tri3ed and got rejected already.
hi Alicorn_Prince_Shane
TheRainbowDash: Aww. With who? :D
Shizubirthday: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4704/
hai Alicorn_Prince_Shane
Oh Alicorn_Prince_Shane!
GilDash: Ninjazz, silly.:D
Welcoem back!
fine and you TheRainbowDash ?
Huh? Wha?
TheRainbowDash: You're too damned forward. :D
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Ah, doing good myself, thanks for asking back.
/me Locks doors
hey mr Wrek boss
please don't leave molestia
bye Princess_Molestia
TheRainbowDash: Got any more of that cider *puts on a british accent* It was absolutely spiffing :P
TheRainbowDash: xDD
13:o a derpy <3
Bye Princess_Molestia...
Shizubirthday: dont ask how i got her :P
Meanwhile: RUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNn
GilDash: Hey, not my fault. :d (nah, the blame's all on me)
TheRainbowDash: I still love ya if that makes you feel better. :)
/me hugs Shizubirthday
ACS13123: why do u not like my master?
http://derpy.me/IEgR2 Shizubirthday
TheRainbowDash: .. how would it not be your fault? xDD
/me 13hugs everypomy <3
Irish_Pony: Holla! :)
/me hugs Shizubirthday
Ninjazz: D'awwww...*blushes* But just none, of...that stuff, right?
/me super glomps Shizubirthday
Ninjazz: Oh and just so ya know, nothing at all happend to me. How was Trixie?
/me hugs Shizubirthday.
for a pony to be a filly or a colt they have to be uner 18 right or?
Bronysith: lolwut?
/me hugs back Shizubirthday
guys i came up with a brilliant idea
/me Tackles Ninjazz and straps a nuclear jetpack onto him, along with a small seat.
Airpuff: Nah, it all is.:D
Om: Yet.
13dat seapinkie
ACS13123: why do u not like molestia?
/me hugs Shizubirthday.
GilDash Ive been here! How can you not see me :'(
GilDash: Empty threats.
Shizubirthday: did you see the picture I linked you?
Om... You... Bastard... Nothing at all?!
CCCP, underwater candles... Only reasonable explanation: Pinkie Pie
13i did <33
TheRainbowDash: yeye. You keep at it xD
PONY: irk
13PONY: spongebob
i love this community so much <3
ol
Ninjazz: None what so ever.
back
Wrek that is some lovely artwork thar
Om: Not from me... never from me... ;)
Bronysith: just something that happened last week when A Knights tale came on...
Michael: What's not to love about it?
Airpuff: I keep trying, I keep the ponies satisfied, but not all of them will accept my offer."D
cat's driving me up a wall and down it again
ACS13123: rely
i have decided that i am going to make a theme song for octavia
05few times you can say you are listenign to LIVE techno
GilDash: Actions speak louder than words.
05but now you can
Bronysith: yes
Irish_Pony: You never offered me a drink. That's how I didn't spot you. :D
/me kisses Om.
TheRainbowDash: Ahaha yeah.
ACS13123: i let her do stuff to me... she is my master
:D
http://i.imgur.com/1fdtX.jpg
Om: Shall we put that to the test? ;)
Aye, TheRainbowDash.
A Nonconformist Mariachi band played a jaunty tune
Anyone know how to successfully use MS Paint well?
13rarity looking fabulous :3
GilDash: Lazers.
Bronysith: I had no chance to get away :P
Ninjazz: Oh ok..:D
TheRainbowDash: ;)
/me goes closer to Om with a glare.... "A what...?"
ACS13123: neither did i. but she is really nice and tender with me
13crazy detailed <3
ACS13123: she is my master
Anyways... MY GOD LOOK AT THAT RARITY!
Bronysith: youve said that twice
/me lies on Om's back, munching on a random apple.
Ninjazz: bathroom?
Airpuff: Nothing, having a good Tuseday?
Ninjazz: We could've had a really good time together, but if that is the way you like it, then that is all fine with me.
/me Tackles Bronysith, and attaches a nuclear jetpack to him
ACS13123: i know. she is my master
SWEEEET
Oh that nust be the fireruby, Dawww
/me blasts off
Bronysith: please stop :P
/me gl Om ps Om
BRONYSITH, YOU SHALL GO TO THE MOON AND RETRIEVE MORE MOON BANA-
/me gets up and returns to drawing.
:C
ACS13123: she is my master. i love her
Wanna come home to me so we can 'march' a lill' Om? ;)
ACS13123: our pleasure is one
Bronysith is Dr. Strangelove 2012
Bronysith: umm....
TheRainbowDash: Hye hey hey, whoa whoa whoa. I never said let's not do it. The option is still open just not now!
PONY: Vote for that right now.
/me smacks self
WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME?!?!?!
Everything
Wrek: bye man, thanks for the stream!
Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuh
Ninjazz: Oh my....o///o....
/me licks Om's ear.
BRONYSITH
Airpuff: I don't get it. I'm buissy.
Absolutely EVERYTHING
/me smacks Meanwhile
Meanwhile: get a hold of yourself man
Bronysith: nothing
/me Rides a rocket down the the ground with a cowboy hat
Om: i think you got it.. but yeah yeah.
Ninjazz: Hey, that's not fair. I've been working you too. :(
00,10wrek is't realy drawing ponies. it's just a model to show off his new line of jewlery
/me gets ahold of himself man.
GilDash: That makes it rather hard to draw you know.
I absolutely love modeling for source MP xD
/me 11,01hugs Shizubirthday and gives her cake.
hey Sumica
/me conforts Meanwhile "are you ok?
/me continues to lick Om's ear.
13To be honest I don't know much about her as a character, I normally check the wiki when I give you detailed descriptions xD
00,10hi emangamer
GilDash: Yeah, well. I don't like making people feel bad. :(
o right
/me nuzzles TheRainbowDash
GilDash: oh shut up and kiss me ;)
/me Pokes GilDash
Sumica: Wreky's making jewelry? Cool...:D
molestia is my master ACS13123
'-'
/me tryies to ignore it
alexxm: *nuzzles you back*
hai emangamer
/me hugs Sumica and Nittany_Discord
Ninjazz: You won't let me down. I won't let you. ;)
/me pokes Om's hoof as he starts drawing and does so each time the pencil hits the paper...
Bronysith: how many times are you gonna say that?
It's still too damn hot in here.
O.O
13Some characters I know a lot better than others
hey emangamer hows your day been
13<3
ACS13123: i like one piece
lol
GilDash: Glad to hear it. :)
seems there was a meetup at houston's comicpalooza last weekend - I didnt expect ponies there, nor do I really care much about comics - thanks EQD for posting that late :|
13Suika isn't one of those that I know too much about :P
dari?
dat streamception
/me sucks on Om's ear, drooling slightly.
do i hear dari?
00,10suddnly dari
Phase4: eeyup
dat dari
<3
Oh boy...
Here we go.
Who si that voice?
Yo dawg I heard you like bronystate
(is)
/me Pokes GilDash again
dat echo
PING
-_- you ponies
Got what you wished for, Om? :)
Ninjazz: No one on my list goes away disappointed. ;)
Wrek.exe is not responding????
dat echo
you're looping
ACS13123: i like one piece
ECHOCEPTION!
dude but she's like, moderately well-known?
Stream of the stream
streamception
TheRainbowDash dari's voice.
streamception
Yo dawg I heard you like bronystate
echo
loop
Nabronyan: Hello?
Ninjazz: Oposite that.
Woah, so much echo up the tail.:D
XD
ScootaChicken is forever disappointing
Bronysith: please be quiet
00,10mute the restream
I hear crash
stream & audiocetion O_o
So many pings
ACS13123: i like one piece
Angeeeel
FOREEEEVEEER
make it stop :D
13She's well known, but still not a character I know a lot about xD
going by the # of images on imageboards
DashWithRainbows: Oh, awesome!
ok... their voice sound gay
I believe its time you were an umbreon now
there we go
/me hides
GilDash: We'll just have to see about that, won't we? :$
I can't wait for this.
legacyofvrak: he's british
It's going to be good.
Yo dawg I heard you like bronystate
sorry about that ._.
legacyofvrak: how does gay have a voice?
Bronysith: SHUT UP, PLEASE
Om: You still taste like coffee. :)
13indeed LOL
lol legacyofvrak xD
thats better
xD
We can hear you partially :$
we can here a silet mumber too
unlike mononobe something or rather with white hair
STOP STALLING NEIL
/me lies infront of Om and starts droolin on his painting
GilDash: Find another sucker.
who is talking???? ....Celestia is that you.....
Pings....
Ninjazz: I don't like waiting. Yet, all good things come to those who wait. ;)
pling... pling pling.... pling
/me kisses Irish_Pony.
dings everywhere!
13Well Mononobe no Futo is a relatively new character so yeah
ping
Pling.
ping
XD
pign
ping
ZOMG
YES
Wait, huh?
13anyway need to do chores and stuff again
YEEEES
He's going to screw it uo.
omg
:D
So bad
Yes!
ping
Om: I'm the sucker, you're the suckee.
XD
WEEEEEEEEEEE
I can hear it already
WINTER WRAP UP WINTER WRAP UPPPPPP
Stop the pings! xD
Ping?
that would probably nice without all the pings
He's gonna choke
SO hard.
xD
Oh yes, dis gon' be awesome
PONIES!!!
OH FUCK THE HELL YES ACS13123 molestia is my master
Is he goin to die? o.o
/me Tackles Bronysith, giving him a Nuclear-powered banana laser
lol???
Meanwhile he's used to choking anyway.
BRONYSITH: SHUT UP PLEASE
GilDash: I like to think of it as an investment.
This is what happens behind the BS curtains
ilikeponies
who sings?
DashWithRainbows: o u
ScootaChicken sings
Gonna ATTEMPT to make a good Fluttershy/Grovyle picture. It's something I've wanted to do for a while.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4878/
GilDash: You just cant let me do the one things I am kinda good at?
I hear doubt
Anypony going to sturgis?
Make sure to laugh at him when he does
laughing is mean
Ninjazz: Hopefully I've got enough to invest. ;)
Nabronyan: ... a nuclear-powered...... banana laser?... xD
0_o whose streaming?
Winter Wrap Up Winter Wrap Up
derpy_pony: and mean is good :D
alright... NOPONY LAUGH
I wuill play the original one in the backgound just in case :D
dat ScootaChicken
Airpuff: YES!
Who is this at all xD
No.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3965/
Om: Not without getting you back for annoying me, no. :)
Dari's streaming.
yes
I'm being publicly humiliated.
yes we can
its quiet but yes
I hate you dari.
Not very well.
You're a twat.
No put it loder
GilDash: Just because I never gave TheRainbowDash the warning, let's just say I'm more bark than bite. :$
Imagine being North Korean, and Kin Jong Un is going to sing in public
ScootaChicken: that's what makes it fun
Dari it's a bit quiet but still good.
Hmmm, quiet voice, but audible enough.
so this is ScootaChicken
Kim*
whose dari streaming with
/me hugs ScootaChicken
We can
I don't even want to hear this.
..... Oh god..
derpy_pony: he's coming up
Loader Louder Powder shmowder
I'm embarassed for him already
oh gosh
05perfect break entertainmetn while i fetched a coffee :3
Meanwhile: yes you do, you know you do.
Ninjazz: Awww, for me, the other way around, completely.:D
yes
THIS MUST BE RECORDED
GilDash: If you're going to do something do it, draging it ourt just anoys me.
SOMEONE, RECORD THIS
.... Im looking forwards to this
No otakon I can't. I cannot listen.
Sing it SIng IT
Wrek: lol
don't be nervous
It's being recorded, don't worry
he's ready
Too late to back out ScootaChicken.
SING
SOMEONE RECORD THIS!
xD
RECORD
I am
NAO
SO THAT WE MAY WATCH THIS OVER AND OVER AGAIN
DO IT
lol... cute
Wrek: its the perfect moment for a coffee :D
you will fail anyway
can haz beat?
/me is recording
TheRainbowDash: Whu? Really? :$
/me abandons the thread.
record it!
RECORD DAMMIT RECORD!
XXXXXXXDDDDDDDDD
Sing! We'll ALL Sing it with you :)
wha*
we all are recording
one sec, i'll start recording
/me is recording
recording.....
IM RECORDING IT NOW
Om: ... You are so begging for it, aren't you? ;)
ScootaChicken: JUST SING YOU PANTS!
I am recording it now
/me is recording
...nope, no recording at all ;)
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4878/
Oh god...:D
whose singing winter wrap up
would be recording but cant be asked
it will be on youtube in 15 minutes
nope
All clear.
is dari the one singing
YES
ScootaChicken: yeah, GO!
Yes
YES
sound isn't working
Yeah.
NO
/me 06is listening to 03»» 02Aoyagi Ryoko - Ai Believe (Ai Believe (2001)) 03«» 0200:16/03:37 [202,02|303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 02984 kbps flac - 26.32MB (WinAmp) 03««
nope
yep
YES
GilDash: I havent even goten the outline on the paper!
POST IT ON YTB
GET ON WITH IT!
Yes :)
YES
im waaaaaaaiiiiting.......
Eyup
FUCKING SING MOTHERBUCKER
XXD
Stop stalling Neil.
03and I now have this DDR-sounding anime theme on an actual CD
JUST SING IT!
LOL
Man was not meant to karaoke without being intoxicated.
sorry about that because of Argentina in Malvinas
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDd
Woah, a guitar too?!
ok?
dat british accent
YEEEES
dat accent
wth is going on?
:D
XD
lol???
WHOSE SINGING WINTER WRAP UP
allmost managed to start a record
louder!
Om: I've got an outline in my mind... ;)
GUITAR
Hmmm, (nods in laughter):D
I think I'll come back later
Darkts3: ScootaChicken is singing Winter Wrap Up
Alicorn_Prince_Shane ScootaChicken is .
Freebird Freebird.
Just to be clear, who is singing exactly?
god is he nervous :)
ScootaChicken: u rock
This isn't that bad, actually.
its a little quiet....
ScootaChicken is singing
his good
its not as bad :)
otakon: you mean chickenchicken?
He's rushing bad o.o
/me waves his lighter back and forth
WINTER WRAP UP
haha ScootaChicken we're all recording u mad bro?
/me facehoofs
WINTER WRAP UP
FREEBIRD
Not great, but not terrible.
Woah, going so fast.
Good sining tho
XXXXXXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDDDDDD
SPEED SINGING!!!!
ScootaChicken almost Scootalood out
faster!
It's good....A little quiet
Darkts3: no, ScootaChicken
ScootaChickens good in guitar
Om: You love it. ;)
ScootaChicken: very nice.
!pokemon
much better....
Nick, you are a 10Kabuto.
otakon: yes.. chickenchicken
Omg even faster xD
/me puts a recorder in ScootaChicken s face
/me dances and sings
Wrek: u enjoying urself?
calm down ScootaChicken
ROCK ON ScootaChicken!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GilDash: Define love >_>
Airpuff: Speeds up to sonic rainboom speed?
ya this seems quiet
05what now Bronysith?
TheRainbowDash: .. soon xD
!pokemon
bronystate FTW
Wrek: the song?
you're good ScootaChicken
wait...SuperBrony64|Zzz is here?
Just a normal tuesday, nothing going on
05hm?
NUCLEAR SCIENTIST PONY IS PLEASED WITH SINGING.
me?
encore encore encore ScootaChicken
Om: Physically or emotionally? Because the latter is difficult, and the former... I'd go into far too much detail. ;)
Wrek: do u like the song? (Rage)
I didn't RP that jet pack off, right?
God I cant breath!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me gives Nabronyan his jet pack back.
Ninjazz: Eeyup, you didn't.
SING FREEBIRD
:C
encore encore encore ScootaChicken
Fixed. :)
/me Gives Ninjazz a tactical nuclear apple launcher
ROCK ON ScootaChicken!!!!!!!!!!!!!
emangamer: you got that from me didnt you
icantmakespaces;(
Its not bad really... but he's rushing it way to much xD
emangamer: Yes, a 10 minute song, but worth it.:D
Ya doin' good ScootaChicken.
:obama: not bad
CCCP:Neithercani:O
GilDash: I cant draw you hovering.
I'm disappointed, if it was terrible it would have been funnier.
I'm not sure what I'll use that for... :S
:P
!pokemon
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
todaaaaaa
oh no
XD dari
Dat Daaaay
05NHIGH NOTE
Woah, that high voice.
lol
dat flasetto
Om: You can'd draw me hovering, or can't draw whilst I'm hovering? For that matter, can you speak? :p
big fiiinish!!!!!!
XD
ohai Scoot-Scootaloo
Hahaha:D
LOL
/me *Applauds*
encore encore encore ScootaChicken FreeBird Freebird
Bravo!!
inb4 cardiac seizure
*claps slowly* Well done sir :)
YAY!
/me coughs blood
O.o
Dat high pitch voice.
ENCORE
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Yes we are. :D
hahahahahahahaahaa
alsomyenterkeyisstuck
GilDash: No I cant.
XD
FREEBIRD
encore encore encore ScootaChicken FreeBird Freebird
(claps for ScootaChicken)
/me claps for ScootaChicken
/me applauds
awesome
00,03Man, I miss everything :(
Yay! We're douchebags!
/me claps
ENCORE!
/me claps
ENCORE!
Has he stopped?
ScootaChicken: ENCORE!
Scoot-Scootaloo: Wow, just missed a song.:D
ScootaChicken: we were all recording it
Om: Maybe you're nervous... ;)
Scoot-Scootaloo: u read my fic yet? did u finish it?
Meanwhile: yes
05ScootaChicken soudns like Bing.
Dat rage xD
ScootaChicken, i recorded most of it :P
SO AWESOME
FREEPhoniex
05that freaks me out
are my ears bleeding
ScootaChicken: Encore!
emangamer: stop lying!
dari said it was good
HEY
GilDash: Or frustrated
THE WORLD IS ENDING
HEEY
Scoot-Scootaloo: Its ok...im sure somepony was recording
FreePhoniex
00,03needs more Freebird~
ScootaChicken do mettalingus
HE IS REDEEMED!
ScootaChicken: freebird
Nice recording here
05ill link you one sec
A guy...
Scoot-Scootaloo: your only the trillionth person to request it
Nabronyan: I can
Om: Do you want to work some of that frustration out?
FreePhoniex
ive seen him on TomSka
FUCK YES!
:P
ScootaChicken: YES
10 minutes?! Damn....
DO EEEEEET!
:D
ScootaChicken: YES
Dafuq is Freebird.
to youtube naooooooooo
DOOOO EEEEET!
DO IT!
YYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEESSSSSSSSs
xD
GilDash: By drawing.
O.O
HA
YES!
OH HO HO
00,03OH SHI-
lol
XD
DAEK
Ahahaha
ScootaChicken do mettalingus
YES DARI
please don't rush the next song so much...play it cool
YES YES YES!
xD
Ah..
SING FREEBIRD
MASTER TROLL
DAT MULTI STREAM
I knew it all along.
"You're a DAEK"
Douche is douche ahahaha
Dem scroll bars.
post it at EQD
Om: Why don't you draw me, Ommy? ;)
^
POST IT TO EQD.
LINK...TO....YOUTUBE CHANNEL....NNNAAAAOWWWWWW
/me poses suggestively for Om.
I FUCKING HATE YOU ALL
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Too obvious now.
00,03No Freebird :'(
we have back up records
lol PRICELESS!
Yo dawg I heard you like bronystate
I DEMAND A COVER OF
YOU GUYS ARE DOUCHEBAGS
Hello Everypony
lol GilDash xD
Yeah
ScootaChicken: but we WUB YOU!
/me hugs ScootaChicken
05ScootaChicken ill show on stream before i continue drawing
ScootaChicken love you too Jailbait.
Scoot-Scootaloo: No one listens to you because you got here too late.:|
/me hugs ScootaChicken
GilDash: I dont draw, that. Stuff.
ScootaChicken, nice singing :$
I need to go to work
ScootaChicken: nah.....you totally wub us.
you did good ScootaChicken
Bye everypony <3 <3 <3
bye emangamer take care!
Cya emangamer.
bye emangamer
Bye emangamer! (waves and hugs)
cya emangamer
00,03Story of my life~
later emangamer
GilDash: seems you need to get even more suggestive on this one. xD
dem pings O.O
Om: You mean mares? What's the matter, too much of a challenge? :p
bye emangamer
Scoot-Scootaloo: Hahaha, so true.
brb i go dinner :D
ScootaChicken you are a trooper :D
That...was the greatest thing....in my entire life....ScootaChicken
Airpuff: I think I'm doing fine as is. :D
GilDash: ahaha
Should have kept your big mouth shut, eh, Om? :)
GilDash: No, I don't draw "suggestive"
/me poses shyly for Om.
Ninjazz: Om got no mouth, just a om.:D
and and Wrek
Om: How about now? ;)
GilDash: ... not suggestive.. you have to go deeper! xD
TheRainbowDash: :D
Ninjazz: Quiet you
http://static.gamesradar.com/images/mb/GamesRadar/us/Daily/2011/05-May/20/PipBoy%203000%20Replica/PipBoy3000Arm--article_image.jpg Nabronyan
GilDash: Leave me be -_-
fucking wall
ok, I missed what? last I saw was dari hijacking the stream.
Om: No. :p
TheRainbowDash: You're no help.
GilDash's Gear has +16 passive suggestion
Om so not.. suggestive.. but one knotch over that again then?! xD
Bronysith i want one
Om: I know I am. (trollface):
:D
WallDives: U missed the greatest thing ever
PONY: You should see my active suggestion. ;)
Airpuff: No.
Irish_Pony: sweet marmalade mother of sugary goodness?
Irish_Pony: elaborate.
What the hay?
:P
WTF
wat.
6_9
wat?
:D
o_O
WallDives: ScootaChicken sung winter wrap up.
THIS
00,03...wat
the hell?
Yeeaaaah.
BING
WAT
kay
The most random video.....ever.
OKAI
xD
Mmkay.
the hell indeed Giger4444
BING BING BING
ScootaChicken: sadly....it was awesome...
Kid_Cobalt: uhhh...right.
I want you all to know.
ScootaLate: are we on acid?
Bronysith only one can wish
OKAY!
That sccarred me.
Hahaha:D
00,10lolwut
XD
*scarred
Emotionally,.
Battletime..
What is even
kay
BATTLE TIEM!
I don't.
SPAM CAT
And physically.
I can't even
WHAT WAS IN MY TEA?!?!?!?!?!?!
XD
Meanwhile: I am SO confused atm
What is the title of this video?
Because that hurt my vocal cords.
GLORY!
what drugs have i taken
IM EATING A DRUGGED BURGER
TheRainbowDash: pretty sure Spamcat
XXXXXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDd
YAY!
:D
THATS A BANASNA
Nom...
XXXXXXXDDDDDDDD
otakon: Oh, alright then.
Goddamnit Wrekbot
You still sounded like an angel, ScootaChicken.
That's a banan....fuck it
20%cooler in space please
BANANA PHONE
I don't even care.
/me sighs
Fuck it.
Hello everypony.
couldnt keep straight face <-
................................
ScootaChicken: nah nah...youll recoevr champ youll recover.
TOMSKA!
And yeah, I rushed it, boo hoo.
hiya Bobeh
Hai Bobeh
ScootaChicken you ever heard of a song called meatlingus
11,01I missed emangamer leaving.
Umm... What is this?
Okay, what the hay was that?
05becasue random
Hello Bobeh! (wavse and hugs) How are you today?:)
00,03mmmmmbananas
XD
ScootaChicken: you do sound a bit like Bing
ScootaChicken: we were all recording
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH im on fire
Now that was awkward.. xD
USE IT FOR A PHONE
hey Bobeh hows your day been
That worked...
alexxm: No, and from the title I kind of don't want to...
Nittany_Discord: So nothing of importance?
00,10so then that happend
ScootaLate: what u put in my tea?
DAT RARITY!
ScootaChicken: i want to give you a hug
Wow, Transformer tier animations and effects there dude :D
/me hugs Irish_Pony
alexxm: Good. :)
11,01mmmmm *dusts ScootaLate*
Sumica: yeah, THAT happened
hey ScootaChicken
Sumica: We must show it again, of course.
Hey Phase4 :3
so...looks like I missed pretty much everythign then.
ScootaChicken: Ah, that suits your name just fine.
/me hugs ScootaChicken
/me should be clean, but he's not :(
TheRainbowDash: Hi! Pretty good.
Sumica: ScootaChicken started singing winter rap up anddari was recording but ScootaChicken didnt kno
figures.
If there is one thing I can say, Wrek, it's that that Rarity is a thing of beauty there.
XD
I've lost the will to draw now -_- thank you all for crushing what faith I had today.
/me hugs Om.
ScootaLate: Is it a reputation that you built for being so late?
Om :'(
/me gives Om a pair of glasses
Om: That's what we're here for. ;)
You have only yourself to blame, Om. :|
http://imgur.com/jsMKG
Om want some beer???
Om: you're only in the same position I've been in, except not with art.
Yyawn, starting to get midnight here.
00,10yeah Alicorn_Prince_Shane, I have been here. I know what happend
Om: Oh, so sorry..:(
00,03TheRainbowDash: lol yeah, I'm always late~
Irish_Pony: Alcohol is a depresent. So no,
http://i.imgur.com/AU1Q7.jpg
Om: i hate alchohol
Rarity?
ScootaLate: is that a good thing?
Om: Meh, it's fine until the day after. :)
GilDash: so tell me....do you have a flank pose ;)
Bronysith: say whaaaaaaaaaa?
I find alchohol funny xD
00,03sometimes~
ScootaLate: Ha, what event was so important to you at one time, that you were actually late to, just because?
Oh my... Look at the time.
GilDash: Good to know.
00,10no this is patrick
Sumica: alrighto calm ur guam, ur nam, your farm, ya palm and the napalm
/me hugs ScootaLate
/me 11,01cleans ScootaLate. You'll be clean.
00,03This event just now!
/me shakes her flank for Irish_Pony.
Sumica: Is this the Krusty Krab?
Sumica: NO! THIS IS SPARTAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
/me will be clean~
i glomp u all
Y'KNOW WHAT
LOVE
/me flys off
I'M PROUD OF MY PERFORMANCE.
ScootaChicken: i am too
05live techno is best techno
YOU SHOULD BE!
Awesome music.
Also Wrek, who's Bing?
ScootaChicken: Yeah, you should be..(giggles a bit)
you should be ScootaChicken
00,10you should be ScootaChicken, it was good
Shooo be doo Sooo be do be dooo
Princess_Molestia: You came back? io didnt even notice...
GilDash: Oh la la...I think im turning french ;)
00,03Good news everyone!
ScootaChicken: can i glomp u?
/me sits in a corner and plays with his knife...
I think I'll go sit upside down and watch the rain. brb
ScootaChicken: it was pretty great youve deffinetly got mad skills with that guitar.
/me glomps Depressed_Tempest
cya Om
00,10You fixed the poisen slime pipes ScootaLate?
ScootaLate Season 3 has been announced???!!
(listens to what ScootaLate it going to say) Of course, you'll say it later than scheduled.:D
Bronysith: If you want.
Have fun, Om.
Wrek: so true.
00,03Scootachickens performance might be streamed at BUCK!
ScootaChicken: woot
/me glomps ScootaChicken
ScootaLate: I might perform it live, you never know...
:D
Aww snap!
ScootaChicken: .. you rushed alot, but it was nice! xD
ScootaLate at BUCK! ????
Airpuff: That's cos I kind of wanted to get it over with >.>
00,03It will be the second BEST THING EVER
ScootaChicken singing is the new toot.
ScootaLate: Besides what?
Meanwhile: FFFFFFFFFFFFFF
Om|AFK: What the hay man? :D
ScootaChicken: noticed, still you were not bad to rush it so bad, so good work ^^
:(
00,03Besides what I have in my folder~
Iiit's Friday todaaaAAAAAAAAAAY
ScootaChicken: y did u promise to sing winter wrap up and for what reasons?
hey Alicorn_Prince_Shane hows your day been
GilDash: You might have pushed him over the edge... >_>
Your folder? Hmm..
11,01What are you late for ScootaLate?
/me bites GilDash's ear
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/51948537/ScootaChicken.mp3 :P
Hey guys I need a random video to show my class tomorrow
Nittany_Discord: a very important date
Nittany_Discord: ScootaLate was late for the song.:D
alexxm: ossim
Nittany_Discord: Me publicly embarassing myself.
ScootaLate I bet you have SuperBrony64|Zzz's secrets to being a silly filly in that folder. Don't you?
/me noms TheRainbowDash's ear
Phase4: O U
U SO SILLY
Ninjazz: I hope not. I love my Ommy-wommy. :(
(is nommed on)
00,03...maybe~
/me hugs ScootaChicken
ScootaLate http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4878/
*boops everyone*
Gunthler|Busy, try 20% cooler in space on a loop
GilDash: Aye. That much is clearly evident.
Gunthler|Busy: show them When I'm Nigel
Ninjazz: He needs to learn how to spell laser first. :D
ScootaLate: I need to see that file right now, part of the FBI purposes to do so.
Ninjazz: 'Sides, he's a new colt. You've got to break them in, you know?
GilDash: I'm sure he just likes having SOMETHING to use against you. :D
GilDash: And just what exactly does that suppose to mean?
Ninjazz: Jokes on him that I just use it as an excuse to go further. :p
Hmmm?
GilDash: ... dat breaking in.... xD
WHO WNATS A FRENCH FREI
?
sure Bronysith
/me 11,01fries
Airpuff: Yeah, (breaks into your doorway)
/me has no idea what the fuck chat is talking about so he gets in his barrel of whiskey
/me hands alexxm a french fry
/me frie-darn
ô.ó
/me waits patientlt the reply...
Airpuff: It's going well so far! :)
I got harassed by a french lady today already. I don't want your damn fries.
Airpuff: Put your hands up!
Meanwhile: how about some tea?
Ninjazz: WHat reply? From me? WHat was the question?
/me lifts his hooves
Meanwhile: Hahaha, sorry for you..:D
Why? o.o
Gotenks is back, bitches!
GilDash: What do you mean break in the new colt?
Airpuff: Where are the bits?!
...
SuperGotenks1989: you got ur ass kicked by buu
I hope im not the new colt
u r
TheRainbowDash: ...... I hope youre not expecting me to pay for the toast i drowe away with? xD
I... wutdafuckdontmentionthat.
Airpuff: Ummm, yes, you pay, or you die.
Ninjazz: What do you think I mean? ;)
GilDash: Care to join me in my barrel ;)
Irish_Pony: i would
hey SuperGotenks1989 hows your day been
Barrel roll?
/me jumps in Irish_Pony barrel
DO A BARREL ROLL
FIRST
Irish_Pony: *raises my hoof*
/me stares at TheRainbowDash .... well.. i'd pick the punishment then xD
Goin' good alex.
GilDash: I've been here for roughly 3 months and never had to be "breaked in" so why do this with Om?
PONY: Care to join me in Irish_Pony's barrel?
ONE AT A TIME!
inb4 Bacon
Airpuff: (Wow, really?:D)
Wah?
/me starts running away from TheRainbowDash
DO A BARREL ROLL
Ninjazz: 'Cause he needs it. ;)
/me does a barrelroll
/me joins the Barrel Party
Airpuff: Hey, get back here! (chases you)
Bronysith NNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
GilDash: You just like teasin'. :)
looks like a barrel of fun.
/me rolls around in a barrel, following Airpuff
Barrel roll, everypony says?
Ninjazz: That is the mainstay of it, yes. :D
DO A BARREL ROLL
Z OR R TWICE.
no! No barrel rolls!
/me turns and starts running towards TheRainbowDash
DO A BARREL ROLL
"SPARTAA!!"
i think we had someone called BarrelOfFun here once
Ninjazz: Ah, yes, eve tried to do..that with him. Plan failed.:D
SHUT UP SLIPPY!
ohai everypony
My barrel wont survive!!!!!!!
i mean peppy
/me glomps Jim
hey Jim hows your day been
hiya Jim
Chat got real stupid all of a sudden.
Allo Jim.
all dem talkin animalz
ohai Jim :P
dat instant chat crash .-.
Yeah I know. why did i even sai that.
Airpuff: Ahhhh! *charges more*
Meanwhile: QUICK! SAY SOMETHING WITTY AND OFFENSIVE!!!!
TheRainbowDash: I can only imagine... If he's turned down GilDash, im sure that you wouldn't have as much luck either. :D
/me crashes with TheRainbowDash fainting from the impact
Ninjazz: I have some luck, at times. Only two ponies that turned me down is Om and you.:D
Ninjazz, one does not simply turn down GilDash
GilDash: I do not build things up, go straightforward.
Meanwhile: Do you need a "drink?"
PONY: Tell that to Om.
Y'know, given the fair amount of people who have been claiming my performance was rushed, I'm willing to redo it without rushed-ness.
TheRainbowDash: Remember I'm still one of your firsts. ;)
11,01Anyone with $50 to spare help me with something? I will pay you back.
If enough people demand it.
A drink as in a drink, or a drink as in a "drink"?
Ninjazz, are you calling that simple after two weeks?
Ninjazz: Ah, yes. Must not forget that now.
i say, jewelry is something this man can do
/me pulls GilDash into his barrel and closes the lid
Nittany_Discord: Ummm, I got nothing left at the momet being.:(
GilDash: more like less straightforawrd.
(moment)
Irish_Pony: Oh, so you can manhandle me now? ;)
GilDash: .. i guess you got some point there..
PONY: No. Not too simple. Just don't underestimate Om's abilities.
Greetings.
Guys, I need a really funny video to show my class tomorrow that will just blow their minds. :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=rDK3IT29uoQ#!
hey, guess waht? deckard cain, that's what http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-Pxqw39O5HUA/T7q0QyRI0MI/AAAAAAAAqfw/xXpi6FGbayo/s1600/189046+-+artist+tsitra360+deckard_cain+diablo+diablo_III+ponified.jpg
Best film ever.
SirPeckerish there is a stream
GilDash: Here is my approach. (hello, rubs, hugs, kisses, pomfs, lays down on bed...bam):D
TheRainbowDash: I know. :D
pretty awesome Dark_Horst
GilDash what is this "manhandle" you speak of? ;)
Dark_Horst: wat
Dat TheRainbowDash o_o
TheRainbowDash: Thats... nice...
Gunthler|Busy: Yes?
Alexxm: Wow. This is actually suprising.
Where do I put my vote in for a Friday Movie?
Chat's general intelligence appears to have plummeted. I think we're currently sitting a mile below sea level.
/me Moves away
TheRainbowDash: <3
Nabronyan: Yeah, quick and easy. Works most of the time.
/me Steps back some more
SuperGotenks1989: in the newsletter, there is a link for the lottery survey
/me manhandles Irish_Pony.
Jim: havent played diablo 3?
Gunthler|Busy: Ah, I wub you too.:$
I haven't, no
ACtually, where do I put my vote for the movie night?
Waiting until I'm done with my exams to play it
Wait
brb again
GilDash: Oi! Who said you could do it ;) *counters*
deckard cain is some wise old dude you save from the skeleton king
What movies are we gonna be watching on Movie Night?
stuff like that
Irish_Pony: I did. :D
from what i gather, he's pretty iconic among diablo fnas
We should watch Empire of the Ants. Good film.
I SAY
WE SHOULD WATCH
THE AVENGERS
We should dig a moat
WallDives: Ywh, pretty much speaking the truth there.
(Yeah)
We should take Bronystate, and push it somewhere else!
What's a moat?
I SHALL FETCH A RUG!!
I think the chat needs a cold shower. :$
Nabronyan: Meh. Overrated.
btw I never got the newsletter :(
Ninjazz: I'd shower with you. ;)
Check your spam folder PONY?
WE SHOULD TAKE BRONYSTATE, AND PUSH IT INTO PONYVILLE
Ninjazz: as long as i get GilDash ;)
I got mine
checked
have you signed up to it PONY
yes
Irish_Pony: I'm sure she can save room for you.
Bronysith: you dissapoint me.. why didnt you use the force? =c
PONY: its been almost 3 weeks, and I havent got one.
:(
ask one of the mods PONY that fixed mine
Ninjazz: Include me also in the shower with you.
GilDash: You wouldn't want to be in a cold shower together, you know... :$
alexxm, who did ya ask?
Ninjazz, Irish_Pony: There's no need to fight. ;)
O_O
WallDives i suggest you check with the mods as well
Ninjazz: I'd warm you right up. ;)
Hey guys, what non-pony video can I show my class that would just blow their minds? :D
kirzstryfe i think PONY
Ninjazz: Yeah, me too...
Gunthler|Busy: Requiem for a Dream.
kay, thanks
Well, I guess I've made myself an easy target. :$
Hey everypony
Ninjazz, so lucky, getting two mares like that....:D
Allo Twilight
GilDash: who fighting? were gonna be sharring ;)
hi Twilight.
hey Twilight hows your day been
Hello Twilight! (waves and hugs) How are you today?
what about fighting?
im on this game called raze 2 my username is broniesrock
Hey TheRainbowDash
...
Meanwhile: It has to be short.
1980's films are the best.
it was good at least
05damn this necklace is consumign time xD
what do you do in it Twilight
WallDives: None of your concern *Hooves bottle of whiskey*
Spend ALL the time on the little details!
/me kisses Ninjazz.
Like a youtube video.
DuskStarshimmer: u awake filly
Worth it Wrek
meh. good enough for me.
Is this a live stream or jus
Irish pony why do you give everypony whiskey all the time?
Wrek: wow, how much time has it been already, working on the necklace alone?:D
Details are so lovely
That-is-so-AWESOME!
SirPeckerish have you seen a film called the crow
alexxm: do be called colt or filly is it under 18 or?
What kind of kiss we talking about here, GilDash?...
Wrek well its ur fault that you have to make it so detailed :P
Glidash x ninjazz
Twilight its my job
Alexxm: Sadly not, but I have heard about it. Is it any good?
what Alicorn_Prince_Shane
Oh
I wonder did my sign up go for their junk mail
yeah SirPeckerish
Twilight: Scratch that, Ninjazz x GilDash and me.
Junkmail? (facehoof)
Ninjazz: Just the standard one... for now...
Oh
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=rDK3IT29uoQ#!
how old does one pony have to be consider to be a filly or a colt
Ninjazz x glidash x therd
Ninjazz: For me, all out.
there alexxm
Therb dash why do you think ninjazz loves you?...
under 18 i guess Alicorn_Prince_Shane
TheRainbowDash: Not that eathier Irish_Pony x GilDash x Ninjazz x TheRainbowDash ;)
ahh k
:/
/me shakes head
TheRainbowDash, GilDash: Turns out I really do need to shower... Hop in but don't expect me to do anything. :$
Why am I procrastinating again?
Twilight: Ah, just a god relationship with each other for a long time now.
(good)
Oh...
Ninjazz: We'll do all the hard work. ;)
Jim: cause ur jim
Im lucky
DuskStarshimmer: u there?
GilDash: Dear lord...
Ninjazz: ;)
xD
nobody haves a relationship with me ;)
Greatings LordCelestia
lol
Twilight: Orly? ;)
/me ruffles Twilight's mane
L/
:/
Im kinda new here. whats up?
aah D:
Yes irsh rlly
Hai NLR
Twilight: You know, I kind of bascially have a realtionship with everypony here, so..
wolf spider crawled across my foot in the bathroom
hey NLR hows your day been
hi NLR.
Oh
and was only wearing sandals
eeeugggh
NLR: A little secret, the earth is round, there is no up or down
(facehoof(
Ey everypony
good how about yours?
Hai
ohai robotdragon7
Twilight: Hahaha...:D
:/
hey robotdragon7 hows your day been
Twilight, DOUBLE KILL
Newbie alert! I need to be chained!
Hello robotdragon7! (waves and hugs) How are you today?
Double kill double kick you mean
i finished ur fic bronysith
im fine
07tell it to put on a bathrobe
good NLR i'm doing an article about bronies for college
(hugs robotdragon7)
Hai
nice what is the premise?
*hugs back*
.-.
Brony College :P
LOOOOOOOOOOOL
you should do stand up kyu
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1103/
GilDash: How bout we just get in my barrel and not worry about the newcommers?? ;)
the history and the shows crews reactions to bronies NLR
guys
/me stands up
what Twilight
somebody in my school has a mlp lunchbag
Irish_Pony: Well, that's one way of keeping me occupied. ;)
its was a good fic
ah sounds intersting
not that stand up
So im not the only brony in the school :D
/me hits Nick with a rolled up newspaper
Has anyone here heard of Caravan Palace?
Yup
or its a pegasister (ponyshrug)
Nope.
/me bites GilDash's ear
Nope Mate
no
0_o does everyone kno that Bstates invading a town?
I recently found out I wasent the only brony in my school. Such a happy feeling....
irish pony why are you biting glidashs ear?
SuperGotenks1989: Is it a film?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfTkL-ZHDCY Alicorn_Prince_Shane
/me hops into whisky barrel with Irish_Pony.
alexxm: no links during stream
alexxm: No youtube links during stream
alexxm: c'mon, you know better...
No it's a band in France.
Whisky Barrel?
Wow
IM BACK everyponye
BARRELS?!
i derped i didn't mean to send that one
on the 21 of the 12th 2012 we are gonna take over http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brony,_%C5%81%C3%B3d%C5%BA_Voivodeship
Hi Bronystith (waves and hugs)
Welcome back Bronysith
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: No outside links during stream.
/me hugs Twilight
EY bronysith....i finished ur fic IT WAS GREAT!
:)
GilDash: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4878/
hey Bronysith what have you been up to
Hiya Bronysith :P
robotdragon7: righto
^ the music doesnt sound quite right but thy lyrics honestly sound better than the original
Meanwhile: no mustaches during stream
that is the day that the NLR will rise and overthrow the tyrannical Solar empire
Irish_Pony: It always is with me. ;)
That isn't in the rules.
Do a barrel rool
roll*
What's wrong with mustaches?
GOODBYE EVERYPONY :)
Mustaches are swag
http://cheezburger.com/2667488512 Alicorn_Prince_Shane
SirPeckerish: just meanwhiles
Bye ACS13123
cya ACS13123
alexxm: outside link lawl
cya ACS13123
I forgot to say hi to meanwhile
Adios ACS13123!
a,Jacket
GilDash you say its like its a bad thing ;)
hai meanwhile
haha alexxm
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Image links are ok.
BAI
mine was a image link if u look at it
Irish_Pony: I'm implying I'm always the one doing the work. ;)
Image Links....
GilDash: what work?
you srsly dont know wat the image is everytime...
No Alicorn_Prince_Shane yours was a wikipedia link.
This stream is dull.
well yes becouse it is gonna be a pony...
Yeah.
No offence.
Meanwhile: to a picture
Meanwhile: http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/35x3vb/
/me smaks Irish_Pony on the head and hops out of his barrel.
i thought it was only video links that wern't allowed
meanwhile in meanwhile in meanwhile in meanwhile in meanwhile :P
alexxm: yesh
Decption
or something
decepticons
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Just keep future links during stream to images.
its no non-image links.
Meanwhile: technically its a image
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Oh damn :D
GilDash: Oi! I didnt know you ment that kind of work! *pulls back in*
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Technically it isn't. Stop trying to argue.
...
its shows village of brony ? http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/35x3vb/
Irish_Pony: Nope, you'll have to make it up to me first. :p
EVERYPONY, STOP ARGUEING! LIAM FUCKING NEESON!
lol, the google logo is now a synth
Meanwhile: did u even open it?
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: It also shows an entire article of the place -_-
i would say thats an ENTIRE article
How to be a brony:love mlp 2:destroy non bronies 3:now your a brony
i wouldnt* Meanwhile
It's the whole article of the wikipedia page.
Thats how
Meanwhile you didn't have any issues when i share that link yesterday
Twilight: that defeats the love and tolerance bit.
/me hooves over GilDash a mug of whiskey saying: "Im sorry"
?
Say what?
alexxm had I noticed I would have told you off as well.
Meanwhile: just shh keep that mustache sexy k
Irish_Pony: Nope. Try harder. :D
Irish_Pony: May I get some too?
I want some whiskey..
Well, has anyone wished for scientists to build portals to Equestria?
GilDash: Hmmm....
Twilight: OH NOW YOU WANT SOME!
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: You could have just brought up the image in that page, but you did not. Just keep future links during stream as purely image as possible.
Please irish pony?
SuperGotenks1989: Wish? Hah, I already have one!
Please?...
Meanwhile: awesome mustache is awesome
I'm finally done with my homework T.T
NO FUCKING WAY
/me hooves whiskey to Nabronyan and Twilight
Hey lil b
:D
Meanwhile: calm u guam , ya farm , nam and you palm and the napalm
good to hear Lil_B
(drinks)
hi Twilight
Lil_B: Good job. :)
Lil_B: Neat =P
/me Hooves Irish_Pony a Nuclear Powered Jetpack
Hey gimme some of that please.
/me throws combs at Meanwhile
(gets a jetpack)
brb
;) i love jetpacks
/me lies down on the ground and just lies there "Im bored!" D=
Hi airpuff
It's still boiling in this room and it's nightfall. Why? :'(
/me Takes jetpack from Twilight
D:
It wasn't even raining hard enough to get that wet, I'm dissapointed. But I suppose that lines up with the rest of the day.
(hits face on ground)
No, I gave it to Irish_Pony!
/me hooves over whiskey to SuperGotenks1989
Ow
Hai Twilight
I'm still thinking about changing the first sentence to "Dear Grammar Teacher. Today I learned
/me hugs Om.
Why are you lying down?
/me tickles Airpuff's stomach whos a silly filly
Om: I don't like you depressed, Ommy. :(
(crouches down)
...
GilDash: I just love it.
/me laughs while being ticled
GilDash How bout i show you where my secret storage is?
(drinks) Oh man that's good!
Irish has a secret storage room?
Irish_Pony: You've shown me that like 5 times now. :p
I love whiskey
(passes out)
Cuz im bored Twilight ._.
o-o
Om: You love being depressed? :S
GilDash: Not the....real one.....
ok
now im bored
Irish_Pony: I'm on your wavelength and my answer's the same. :p
(puts hooves behied head)
/me releses goats into chat
/me looks at Twilight ... "ehehe... sorry"
Wat?
GilDash: Take a guess. I can give you a hint if its too much of a strain.
GilDash ALRIGHT....you left me with no choice.....
Twilight here have some books about the life, the universe and everything
Thanks
(reads0
Om: You haven't had enough me in your day? :)
...
And with that done, I must leave for school. Later everyone! Waves and hugs and all that jazz! :)
(mumbles words form book)
Later Ninjazz.
Later Ninjazz
cya Ninjazz
ping me if in the unlikely event i'm needed.
bye Ninjazz.
Bye ninjazz
AND I SAID
bye ninjazz
Wrek! I can only imagine how Rarity will look like later! <3
Ninjazz: Have fun. Come back and I can help you out with homework. ;)
WallDives!
(hugs) <3
/me picks up GilDash
:0
HEEEEAAYEEEAAAYEEAAAAYAEAEYAEY
WallDives!
:)
WHATS GOING ON
Nabronyan you said what?
/me hugs Twilight
Irish_Pony: Manhandling me isn't a good start. :D
WallDives!
Thanks alexxm
?
(hugs back)
GilDash: Im getting to it!
GilDash: I read that sentance, but it doesn't say anything.
I need you to dive through this wall :3
...
Nobody can dive throught a wall
Om: Or maybe you're missing Princess_Luna? ;)
Wrek: Thats some serious details....
back to what I was doing.
Im sad :(
:(
/me takes GilDash someplace secret
how come dr-whooves
Whai Whooves? =O
Irish_Pony: It's dark in here...
wonder if dr Whooves gonna come
I was on anonline game to relax and they were mean to me :(
...
hey Dr Whooves
GilDash thats the point...and no its not what you think
/me folloes Irish_Pony and GilDash
GilDash: I miss my best frien I havent seen for more than a few hours in a year. If you must know.
/me hugs Om.
(comes with alexxm)
/me hugs dr-whooves .. "Dw. We wont be mean" =)
/me hugs dr-whooves
alexxm OUT! OUT WITH YOU! *Kicks out and closes the door*
:D
I feel better already XD
Om: I know what that's like, if it's any consolation. :)
hey i got a idea
what Irish_Pony
Fire away Twilight o.o
I spy rarity onscreen?
One second
GilDash: I am prepared...to teach you how you can drink as much as you want...without dieing
GilDash: It just means I'm freting over something so common.
dr-whooves: eeyup
_
Om: It might be a common tragedy, but that doesn't make it any less painful. :)
(watchs)
Irish_Pony: Oh, this should be good. ;)
Whats wrong Om?
O-o
Airpuff check this out
GilDash: Then does that mean what i think it does? ;)
Meanwhile: i would post the image of it
Irish_Pony: Why the hay not! :D
hai hai
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: the image of what.
but Meanwhile when i click on the image it doesnt show the country
Irish_Pony you're doing a good job there you want any help
(shows airpuff compter)
Meanwhile: the wikipedia thing
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: That's nice.
hey Derpy_at_work hows your day been
Airpuff: Nothing, just being a sad sac, nothing I should bother this happy chat with.
if u click on the image it doesn show brony
/me stares at Twilight ... "I cant see it" :'(
Wazzup, everypony?
that the only way could have shown it
but meh
Allo Rainbow.
nm rainbow
EVERYPONY DANCE NOW
hey Rainbow hows your day been
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: In that case, you don't show it.
alexxm: i got jury duty tomorrow
(gets high Grapchics)
Om, ofc its something to bother the chat with.. maybe not the whole chat, but i dont mind listening?
now yo ucan..
/me looks at alexxm with a :| face "Do you mind?"
Om i know that feeling i haveen't seen my best friend in 5 mont, and before that it was 2 years
alexxm: Good, good...
They drawing Celestia?
o.o
Meanwhile: ponies need to kno we have a town named after us
hope it goes well Derpy_at_work
:/
sorry Irish_Pony
Oh my Fyreflye.
GilDash: Right im sorry for doing this
and for someone who only has 1 or 2 best friends thats a lot :/
any1 who posts after this doesnt like muffins
/me looks at Twilight ... "Nop" ._.
Irish_Pony: ... What are you doing?
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Arguing the point is irrelevant. If you require further information on the rules, the link is at the top of the page.
/me noms on TheRainbowDash
I'm gonna be playing Minecraft while on this site.
Its fine, wreks drawing is going well.
00,10So much detail
This is just just... idk
Meanwhile: shuddup
Also, wazzup TheRainbowDash?
bai guys i gtg to school :D :)
cya Alicorn_Prince_Shane
Bye Alicorn_Prince_Shane
/me knocks GilDash unconscious "Im sorry :'(" and procedes to do the ritual
O:
Omg
Airpuff look!
Sumaca do you know if the newlatter already sent out? this should be the first time i recieve them since i sent an request to get added to the list last week, but so far i got nothing back
what Irish_Pony
/me is unconscious at Irish_Pony's hooves.
/me looks
Sumica *
o.o *jaw drops*
Impossible challenge... Try google image search with any word (or max 4 word combination) that comes to your mind, try surfing through the listed 24 pages without seeing anything you regonize in a pictures (Objects and places don't count)
/me teleports GilDash To his side "No rape Irish_Pony "
/me laughs out loud
00,10not sure Lil_B I will check
(teleports where airpuff is)
PLAYING MINECRAFT
yea no rape irish pony
Sumica thanks
Chat is not for RP
Aint got no idea what you just showed me, but awesome Twilight xD
Airpuff: IM MAKING HIM INVICBLE TO ALCOHOL YOU TWATS!
If you wish to RP, do it in another channel.
Checking in on glowstone house
Well were just checking
/me stares at Irish_Pony *lifts an eyebrow*
00,10yeah it went out already
Meanwhile: Who is it exactly that's role playing?
...
(facehoof)
Airpuff: Now out! OUT WITH YOU!
ok, in that case I'm not yet added to the mailing list :/
00,10make sure you check spam folder and filters if you did not get it
(teleports back to room)
Rainbow: See all that use of /me up yonder^? Them.
/me kicks out Airpuff and Twilight
/me Giggles at Irish_Pony "Im not even inside that room of ya xD I teleported GilDash Out
Meanwhile: Oh, I see...
00,10when did you email to join Lil_B?
ima back everypony ;)
Sumica last Thursday i believe
I'm in Minecraft right now. In the creative mode.
hey Michael what have you been up to
(is unable to be seen teleports to irish ponys place)
hi michael
Airpuff: you bloody...*@$@@%! Put her back before the ritual is over!
Yo. (:
Ritual?
alexxm: return from dinner :D
hai Lil:B
Twilight: NOT NOW!
hai Lil_B*
Wat
/me looks at Irish_Pony .... "Will you say pretty pretty please?" :P
(facehoof)
i hate this pwoer
Airpuff: :|
To Creepers: YARGH TAKE THIS YA BLOODY WANKAHS
they lied
Airpuff: pretty pretty please?....you twat???
what's happening?
(knocks airpuff out with bottle)
sooo detailed
i just got here, watcha makin? :)
(carries airpuff to room)
/me is knocked out? o.o
Twilight: Thank you...
Np
Now where was i? Ah yes...
hai MushStachCashStachex
/me wakes up...
now what am i gonna do with airpuff?
I like the Amiga music, but why did they always had to pan every instrument to ether total left or total right?
/me finnishes ritual and wakes up GilDash
/me glares at Twilight ... "That really hurt ya know?"
SOrry
Wait
Awesome Rarity art, bro.
/me hurts like sin and stares at Irish_Pony.
GilDash :'(
so...All this RP, as much as I enjoy watching it, IS against the rules. would you kindly take it elsewhere?
(knocks out again)
Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaald
irish_pony, airpuff, twilight, gildash, if your going to RP go to #ponyroleplay
GilDash: But now your immune to dieing from alcohol!
Lets go irish pony glidash and airpuff
No advertising other channels Derpy_at_work.
/me stares at Derpy_at_work .. Never *-*
http://www.quora.com/Scams/Why-are-e-mail-scams-written-in-broken-English#ans1228632
not advertising meanwhile
It's linked. Therefore, advertised.
GilDash: You can now drink as much as you want without fear!
/me looks doubtful at Irish_Pony
Irish_Pony: That's... good, I guess? Could you really not tell me what you were going to do though?
meanwhile: i remember one of the mods telling them to go to that channel instead of rp'ing in here
05Meanwhile no backseat modding
05Derpy_at_work i appreciate the concern
I didn't think you were paying attention Wrek.
whats this about pie?
:O
What with the vast details in that neck piece.
Wrek always watches. :D
my apologies Wrek
Oh and Wrek
ALWAYS. :D
Cept when he doesn't.
13ffff the upstairs light is dead
13had to run up the stairs in the dark ;w;
Hello
YES.
aww... the blog of an artist i liked appearently go deleted :/
Allo OctaviaIsBestPony.
Irish_Pony: I know. I was going to suggest sleeping pills or something. :S
What's goin on? o-o
dat Rarity
we can see his chat, so if he falls behind, he isn't watching.
Dat owlicious who
GilDash: Oh....um....*smacks himself with a cinderblock he stole from Meanwhile *
hey OctaviaIsBestPony hows your day been
owlicious: o.o
hai OctaviaIsBestPony
herp a derp imma chat herp ... crashes without telling me :/
Dat owlicious whoo
My fingers hurt from Minecraft building. 6_9
mooo
Guys
Hm Twilight ?
Hey there everypony! I'm back!
the rp room is now rpg room..
Welcome back Biglaw! (waves and hugs)
roomception
dat Infected Mushroom
/me facehoof
hai Biglaw
Wat airpuff>
/me looks at Meanwhile with a bloody face and a black eye "Sorry i took this" gives back his cinderblock
05best jewelery i ever did draw
Irish wats wrong with you?
Twilight: well pretty much Wrek didnt say anything about it
Happy Birthday Shizubirthday!
/me smacks Irish_Pony on the other side of the face with the cinderblock.
...
Wrek: It looks totally awesome
hai everybody
O;
Wrek: Yeh, how long did that take for you to draw that necklace?
hey Biglaw hows your day been
I am developing a British accent. Oh noes.
hey MY hows your day been
twilight hits meanwhile with a bottle
Wrek: You rule at art.
..
hai MY
alexxm good
DAT ART
Oh my god, that is absolutely flawless.
:)
knocks meanwhile out
Meanwhile: why do I have the sinking feeling that we are two of about 10 sane people left in this chat?
>:P
that is wat you get
Skawwy dawk
WallDives|Grinding: Because we are.
MY: know right *-*
;w;
03how do I beat this boss
Meanwhile: OW...ok ok! I know i deserved that but really?! On the other side of my face?! NOW WHOS GONNA FIND ME SEXY?! :'(
cleans irish ponys face off
Final boss?
03the Tetris-placing Eggman
>:)
/me sighs
Oh
03I got him out in the open
/me rocks out
:(
03and it's telling me to rolldodge?
Irish_Pony: A walrus. With eye problems.
03but he just jumps around
Irish stop being a manic
03not taking damage
Climb and use Tails to fly up
03because I dunno how to hit the thing
No offensie
03uh
03what
http://cristgaming.com/pirate.swf
03fly up to where
argh
Twilight: Im Drunk!
And then jump off and hit his head
When he exposes it
Biglaw: No non image links during stream.
Its easy to find out dude lol
Irish_Pony: you're just irish
LOL
Fly above his head
owlicious: a drunk one ;)
Meanwhile awww, its the purate song...
dat jewelery is so awesome /)(^3^)\)
Irrelevant.
pirate*
Meanwhile: Orly? I thought it would be your mother :P
irish pnoy how did you get youself drunk?
03oh I think I see
pony*
03so wait
03how do you possibly beat this dude as super sonic then if using Tails cancels it
Twilight: Im always drunk silly :P
Irish_Pony: Like I said. A walrus, with eye problems.
Oh
NOOO VIlLAGER!! Dammit Creeper, what did he ever do to you?! WHYYYYYYYYY
gets drunk like irish pony
I hit you with bottle!
*sob*
Meanwhile: So your talking about your mother this whole time?
hits irish with bottle
Irish_Pony: you're*
You don't?
You dont need to lol
Meanwhile: YOU GET THE POINT!
Oh wait
03>achievement for beating every boss as Super Sonic
I get the side.
03so it has to be possible
im dizzy
Achievement is beating all bosses as SS?
falls to ground
Are you kidding me lol
Higher jumo height I suppose?
Wrek I'm digging the trance. :)
/me walks to Twilight and pokes "You alright?"
ughh...
/me looks at Meanwhile with a :| face and smacks him in the crotch with a bottle of jack
the one and only
o:
:)
How long will this take Wrek to draw the whole thing?:D (entire piece of art)
im oay airpuff
:D
:D:D:D:D
...
Hmm?
TheRainbowDash: good question.. Alot of details on this picture so far.
okay*
05ive been drawing this one for...
well, it's been several hours
05soon 7 hours
Wow, 7 hours already? Geez...
05and im not even halfway
/me gives coke to everypony
Wrek: it looks awesome
TheRainbowDash: IKR
Hits TheRainbowDash with baseball bat
Wrek Oh god :D
Twilight: Ow! (faints)
hell.
Michael: Edd could have used one
Oops
Wrek: Well it looks like its paying off :) I love the necklace :o
This chat is starting to disturb me...
Airpuff: starting?
why am i hitting everypony for -_-
Twilight: Why are you beating everypony upside the head with a bat?
WallDives: .. I guess its already xD
Idk i feel werid
Vordox: Y u hate Rarity? :[
03yeah crap
03ran out of rings LOL
RaveBrony: I never hate things unless they deserve to be hated, disliked is another thing :P
Airpuff: I'm not even that involved in it. :D
Wrek good things need their time to become good...like wine... but don't let it age to long or it will become bitter
facehoof
thats the scary part.
Vordox: Y u...dislike... Rarity? :[ lol :D
...
Lil_B: Sour. Vinegar is sour.
drinks whiskey
GilDash: I guess thats good... you could end up getting killed.. by a bat or a brick at random times.. lol
I wil kilz yao
poor Rarity :'(
faints
Oh boy, Someone shoudl put together a loop of Cadenace and Shing Armor caramel dancen to Archie V's Love is in bloom mix, I would love to actually see that
Airpuff: Yeah, violence isn't my thing. "Lovin' and tolerating" is my motto. ;)
GilDash i thing thats bitter when your wine gets sour XD
GilDash: What are ya doing btw?
/me is sitting at the bar alone thinking to himself "Oh what i wouldnt give to have GilDash's trust back :'("
wakes up
Airpuff: Oh, stuff. :)
That's acetic acid(vinegar)
RaveBrony: She's too "two sided"
GilDash: hehe neat.
sits by irish pony
Hey
Ohmaithar Vordox
waves
Vordox: Two-sided? O.o
Lil_B: Hai.
Airpuff: Guessing what I am nomming on.:D
Irish pony why did you hit gildash?
RaveBrony: She's both of her element and not at the same time
TheRainbowDash: .... Ehm.. donno? xD
Airpuff: Toast!:D
Vordox: Hehe, thats what i love about her :D
TheRainbowDash... Shocking..
Chat is melting my head.
drinks whiskey
Sophistication with a burning inner fire!! :$
TheRainbowDash: xD How many of those do you eat a day btw?! xD
Twilight: So that i could do a ritaul where she becomes immune to alcohol poisoning
Wrek: PERFECT.
Alcohol [pisoning?
I don't understand how it's slipped so hard.
Oh great...
bbl guys, need a shower!
Irish_Pony: Thus she can never get drunk.
throws whiskey
doubt any other people here play any fighting games, but...
otakon: Yes you certainly do.
kai otakon
Airpuff: Maybe about a few slcies a day, round it off to 5-10 and figure it out yourself.
05what Rainbow?
puts hooves to face
Airpuff: Oh she can...she just cant die from it
im runied (crys)
TTT2 is announced for 14 September for Europe.
TheRainbowDash: ... thts not normal...
/me drinks jack daniels
Wrek: DUH, your drawing!
Irish_Pony: ... you know... when you're drunk.. you're pretty much poisoned by alcohol? xD
...
Airpuff: Yes, it is. Somehow/
hey i know
Airpuff: Everypony is not normal in some way, I got an addiction with toast.
hits irish pony with a baseball bat
Airpuff: NO! REALLY?! I HAD NO BUCKING CLUE
So guys.
Waut not again facehoof
How's it going with everyone?
Twilight: :|
TheRainbowDash: Well i guess i cant say anything.. im addicted to gum
ScootaChicken: Make them go awaaaaaaaaaaaaaay#
ScootaChicken: Ah, going fine, and you?
ScootaChicken: headache.
Irish_Pony: so she cant get drunk xD
/me heals Irish_Pony
WallDives: Did I cause that?
/me shoots Twilight in the leg
I'm sorry.
AHHH!!!!
lol.
ow ow ow owo
Wtf..
wow.
STOP!!!!
Airpuff: :|
ScootaChicken: no.
Wait, what is going on now?
WallDives: .. this is .. yeah...
I want chat's discussion and talking back.
Hammer Time
Ow that hurts irish pony...
:>
eyevison gets blurry
I want this whole rp spam to go away
passes out
/me heals Twilight
/me heals Twilight with magic
05wusses
Twilight: Thats what you get for smacking me with a baseball bat!
And I want a lobster dinner while I'm making random wishes.
Meanwhile: Yeah, me also. I can handle some, but just not too much.
Airpuff: believe me, you guys have nothing to do with my headache.
So much violence =I
/me hugs ScootaChicken
Sorry i just feel werid maybe from the whiskey...
03....
03dude this isn't working
WallDives: You're having a headache?..
Meanwhile: You get no lobstep dinner.
ugh
03his head isn't vulnerable at al
(lobster)
03l
Lobstep?
05enjoy some good sparzanza and rarity
Is that like, crustacean dubsteb
Meanwhile: Damn right it is.
Under the s-s-s-s-s-s-s-ea wubwubwubwubwub
I hate whiskey......
Twilight: Whiskey is awesome.
Well i keep hitting everypony with a baseball bat!
I need a drink. Brb.
Twilight: maybe you should stop?
/me takes Twilight 's baseballbat. "Enough now"
/me smacks face into the bar counter crying "What i must do to get GilDash back?!"
Dear Princess Celestia:Never drink whiskey it makes you a manic you faithfull stundent Twilight Sparkle
pats irish ponys back
Its ok its ok...
Twilight: Drink ALL the cider, though.
But I like whiskey
...
Srsly?
...
Irish_Pony: Ah, ummm, try to just seduce her, and you'll get her back, for sure.:D
...
TheRainbowDash: :|
Today I learned that filly abuse is bad, bitches. Fucking muffins.
TheRainbowDash: very much so i think xD
Hey works every time for me.
TheRainbowDash: To a certain degree ofc.
Because muffins.
Airpuff: Of me, got no limits.
xD
/me gives a muffin to Rainbow
TheRainbowDash: I freaking pulled her into a barrel of whiskey with me...ALONE!
Im hungry..
Irish_Pony: Oh, umm, try harder.
/me gives a muffin to Twilight
Michael: OM NOM NOM
THanks
Irish_Pony: well.. yeah i wouldnt call taht seducing.. xD
eats muffin
:D
03oh you have to roll into his feet
Irish pony why do you like her or he so much?
Twilight: Who doesn't wub GilDash?:)
Airpuff: your stuck in a barrel with a hot stallion, with whiskey, and you have no choice but to cuddle.....
I dont...
TheRainbowDash: Om?
03there
And kiss?
WallDives: Corerct answer.
Irish_Pony: now thats a bit more like it xD
Irish_Pony: then i donno.
03that was the most retardedly stupid thing ever
and possibly myself, undecided.
Ooooo this song....
Airpuff: exactly *hooves over a bottle of whiskey* Now shut up and drink
...
if i was in a barrel with the pony of my dreams i will not know what to do
I don't love anybdy.
I love whiskey! =D
Om: Why don't you?:P
what song is it Airpuff
/me drink the bottle of whiskey
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
alexxm: .. ehm lemme think... dont remember the title xD
TheRainbowDash: Not worth it.
falls sleep
alexxm: D'aww...*purrs and nuzzles*
alexxm: My world of sin
/me begins to realize something
Om: Huh? Not worth it?
What Irish_Pony ?
Aye.
I dont think Om wants to be remembered as a number.
Twilight just a hint type /me before you do actions
I just realised something...has Applejack have her own song? o.o
Ok
TheRainbowDash: You are making me die from adorableness.
by what band Airpuff
Airpuff: I just remembered something....
Om: I...I don't understand. Not even a try at wub?
alexxm: My World Of Sin - Sparzanza
^^
thanls Airpuff
Nothings Happing alexxm
Irish_Pony: what then ?
thanks Airpuff
Airpuff: what?
05dat mane
Airpuff IM FREAKING IRISH!
....
O.o? dat ^^
Everybody knows you irish
Irish_Pony: ..aha.... Well thats bloody great? xD
rolls eyes
Airpuff: I dont sit here and mope! I get out there and fight!
Fight who?
Irish_Pony: .. fight what..
im back
Hello all.
Who is ^^?:D
punches flaxman
Airpuff: anything thats gonna stop me.....
._.
hey FlaxMan hows your day been
alexxm: You'll most likely like "Follow me" too
11.•10«11WB10 (Drake10) 11WB10»11•. 10- As long as you clean up after him then sure
You don't have to understand TheRainbowDash, that is a great thing about living.
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
....
*Tries to stop Irish_Pony *
/me muffinsplodes into chat
alright i'll find that song
punches TheRainbowDash
eeeww so much dough
alexxm: .. or wait.. maybe thats the name of the song you wanted.. xD
teh_Tharassan: are you sure you want to try that laddie??? :|
Om: Wow, and to think I wub everypony...
:D
Irish_Pony: try me!
Twilight: WHY WOULD YOU HOW COULD YOU?!
Irish_Pony: .... aha.. well good luck with that? xD
._.
dat supposed betrayal
Understanding? Pure madness.
Twilight: Ow! That...really hurt...(sobs(
idk i felt like punching something
*FlaxMan incinerates Twilight* Pretty good alexxm, just came to say hello.
/me smacks teh_Tharassan with a cinderblock he got from Meanwhile's factory
What did I muffinsplode into?
/me strokes TheRainbowDash 's mane "Are you alright?"
OmegaMetroidBrony: RP madness, apparently.
hai FlaxMan
A ARMIDILLO
Airpuff: Ah..I, think so..
/me enters the Muffin of Solitude.
*AN
:)
*gets up, grabs bar stool and hits Irish_Pony on the head*
Airpuff: I for one hope so.
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
covers face with hooves
Rainbow: Ehehe
(noms on the Muffin of Solitude, in whole)
Hi Michael.
armidillos are amazing
TheRainbowDash: .. The muffin of solitude? xD
...
teh_Tharassan: Your making me very crossed and im in a bad mood but im willing to give you one last chance
/me and the Muffin of Solitude is eaten... Whole...
Airpuff: Yeah, the Muddin that OmegaMetroidBrony was i-oops, nommed on him also.:D
nnnoooo
TheRainbowDash: what did twilight do to you
Hi again
Irish_Pony: i never back down on a fight
anypony wants some Jack Daniels?
hai Woodenfan
I do
alexxm: Punched me in the face.
Starting my image of suckitude. It's not gonna look good
TheRainbowDash: ... okie dokie lokie.. xD
alexxm: Twilight punched her.
hey Woodenfan hows your do been
not really
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
I've never used paint like this before
:p
Twilight: HADOUKEN!
alexxm: D'awww, thanks...
What?
Well, got to go now, see ya ponies later!
so...I'm gonna lurk elsewhere.
/me smiles at teh_Tharassan and gives him a barrel "I love it when ponies say that"
cya FlaxMan
WallDives: Ah, sure thing.
/me stands up on two hooves and jumps up and down waving " GilDash you alive?!"
Back. With tea.
hits self with bat then passes out
might be back later.
Airpuff: Maybe... :D
GilDash: =O
GilDash: Why are you so silent....
Meanwhile: Eh, tea is overrated. Got my cider with me, now that is some stuff, indeedy.:)
/me shrugs.
X_X
Airpuff: I'm doing stuff. Time consuming stuff. :)
Irish_Pony: *gets two mugs and pours beer , and gives one to Irish_Pony * cheers!
/me Twilight if you want to use the italics you must first complete three trials....
i remember when i was in elementary school we went to a site were u could make your own planet
/me stares at GilDash What stuff? Homework?
brb
Airpuff: Tsk, that would be telling. :p
I got my mom to watch mlp and she liked it; oh God yes... :D
three trials?
GilDash: ... telling?.....
congrats SparklyWaffles
SparklyWaffles: Congrats. :)
I remember when I was in Primary school, I got in trouble for wondering if God got bored watching people all day.
Yes three trials
three trials of what
GilDash: "that" sort of stuff? xDD
Gratz SparklyWaffles
Fighting or something?
teh_Tharassan: Cheers!...*drinks mug* Ah thats the stuff!....*kicks in the crotch*
Airpuff: Not even close. :)
OmegaMetroidBrony: Really The three trials just to activate italics for Twilight?:D
Three trials of PAIN
GilDash: Ahaha okei then >.<
Oh crap
back
Yes TheRainbowDash
GilDash: annoys me that you wont say it though! D= xD
Anypony read... *shudder* Sweet... Apple... Massacre?
OmegaMetroidBrony: wow, I'll just give Twi the command then.
Airpuff: Deal with it. :p
I did
First you must go a week w/o ponies
Rainbow i read it
Dat gem!
unfortunatly yes Rainbow
/me tryes to deal with GilDash 's annoying silence..
Next you must read a terrible fanfic...
Rainbow if it's popular, it's a certain people heard of it
Rainbow: yep
:[
OmegaMetroidBrony: I did that. Not so hard at all :p
Twilight: Were you scarred for the day or did you throw up?
btw that picture is looking incredible. I wish I had those kind of drawing skills ;_;
/me blows a raspberry at Airpuff.
05:D:D
Finally you must with stand the wrath of ValtheJean
05Manearion<3
Airpuff: Right...i feel much better :)
I was freaked out rainbow
*argh* You sneaky basterd *drinks mug and swings it at Irish_Pony's face*
Teglo! <3
and his love of G 3.5
/me gets hit by a raspberry? o.o
i felt like throwing up
i can draw really well.....with a pencil
Irish_Pony: ahahha xD
OmegaMetroidBrony more like obsession
!ping
!pong
teh_Tharassan: Oh now youve done it! *Tackles*
Twilight: I'm PRETTY sure I turned grey.
11.•10«11WB10 (bluesun10) 11WB10»11•. 10- bluesun: drf iz firin his razor? :O
BREAK IT UP
Wow
BRAWL
Well Dken2021 that is why it's the third and hardest trial
CALL 911 NAO
dat chatmestic violence
*breaks loose* Ill show ya!! *Throws a FALCON PUNCH at Irish_Pony *
....
lol
/me punches teh_Tharassan in the face and kicks him in the stomach*
!pong
Hey kids! :)
/me kick irish pony
Hai FlareChaser ....
OH FYREFLYE SOMEPONY BREAK UP THE FIGHT
Rainbow: Everypony call 911! (music):D
Airpuff: what? :3
03yeah how about you don't do that.
Any questions on the trials or shall you not learn the italics?
teh_Tharassan: Cmon you want some you panzie?!
hai FlareChaser
FlareChaser: just a ""battle" or "brawl" in the chat xD
*spits out blood* nice one! *FALCON KICK*
Hello FlareChaser! (waves and hugs) Colgate got you in the dumps again?:)
Shoo be doo...
TheRainbowDash:
/me punch Omega
Airpuff: ah! nice :P
shoo shoo be doo
ScootaChicken: SHOO BE DOO!
*explodes*......*robotic parts all over chat*
/me slams Irish_Pony and teh_Tharassan's heads into the floor. "Not in mane chat."
TheRainbowDash: .....
TheRainbowDash: Lol, I was thinking of First of the Year by Skrillex.
inb4 kicked
/me kick punch throw head on table omega
ScootaChicken: I dunno, just felt like it
Twilight does thou know what an Omega Metroid looks like?
:)
FlareChaser: Ah, she dumped you hard, I saw that.
Nope
Meanwhile: fail wrong chat
/me gives alexxm a muffin so he doesn't say the same questione again . and i wave and hug every1 else
x_x
TheRainbowDash: who said she dumped me?
Great drawing.
FlareChaser: Everypony said that a while back.
WAT
:/
what have you been up to Derpy-Master
Aww.
XD
FlareChaserxOctavia: Said that you just get one mare for a month, and then that is it.
teh_Tharassan: *spits out blood* shall we call it a draw?
I'm sorry ScootaChicken. <3
TheRainbowDash seemed like she loved me then it get werider
TheRainbowDash: lol no :3
could have been worse ScootaChicken. IT COULD HAVE BEEN DURING BMN INTERMISSION
Twilight: Wait, what?!
/me punchs irish
im going 2 fail my pre alegbra class ._.
TheRainbowDash: (noms on skittles :P)
you dont rember?
alexxm u finally changed the question. i have been doing nothing
hey
Irish_Pony: *pants* yeah
FlareChaserxOctavia: Now you got Octavia for a month, then...:D
at least i can work on other classes..
Last time...
dari will never treat ScootaChicken better than a microwaveable burger. True fact.
w
PFFT dari.
Trolled
/me facehoof
Such a troll.
Nah, he loves it really.
Dari I need to hear more of your sexy voice
teh_Tharassan: keep the barrel....*coughs* i got plenty
Gunthler: SKITTLES ROCK except teh purpel wanz...
Meanwhile: .. dat comparison.. xD
TheRainbowDash: who said I would give Octavia a month? I will love her forever :|
Heheh, I'll stream when I have the time OmegaMetroidBrony.
/me feels like a ninja
i cant believe cccp fooled me into thinking cow334 was back......
:D
FlareChaser loves forever! Until he gets bored.
/me grabs irish pony and kicks in crouch
05FlareChaserxOctavia: seeing how quick youswitched from whoever it was to colgate and then to octavia
i got trolled
Twilight: :|
Are you guys shipping yourselves?
FlareChaserxOctavia: You still love Colgate then. :p
Irish i was trying the thing out
Ok?
FlareChaserxOctavia: Ah, that is where you're wrong, you'll wub her for a month, and then you switch to somepony else, I know that.
/me 11,01scrubs GabeMoist
Wrek: ah my friend, this time it is serious!... seriously :| I will
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
I shall bet you all!
GilDash: TELL ME!
Wrek, tell dari to stop abusing his power :P
/me 11,01is clean
You'll lose that bet Flare.
FlareChaserxOctavia: Bullshit artist.:D
Come at me bro.
i just wait until one ships me
I will love Octavia for 2 months.
/me spits blood out at Twilight "Dont try that again..."
Airpuff: Hmm? No. :p
Heheheh.
and more.
MORE!
O;
/me sighs
LOL
Wrek, I love you.
...
ok i wont irish
Pfft.
All I want is to have a cardboard box appear in front of my house that says "give to good home".
GilDash: owkai then..
Airpuff: It's funny watching you squirm. ;)
whats the matter Airpuff
Goddamnit Wrek.
is dari going to stream Matt Smith Who?
"it goes on and on and on and ooon.."
Inb4 Gabe kick
GabeMoist: Lolnope.
GabeMoist: Probably, I heard dari loves Matt Smith
*wake's up* Irish_Pony i heard a punch, who did it?
Too easy ScootaChicken.
bye <enter your name here> at has been fun beeing in the chat with you biut i must go now
ScootaChicken, i no rite?
I REALLY AND TRULY WANT A LITTLE DASHIE
Not worthy of my /k command
GilDash: yeah.. not very unlike you.. doing this on purpose to annoy me.. xD
teh_Tharassan Twilight....she'll all yours....
*cries*
Ok
im lonely ._.
I bet you I'll say with Octavia for more than 2 months. that will show you all :|
/me hugs robotdragon7
11,01Dari is gay for Matt Smith.
^
/me hugs Rainbow whasts the matter
that
*hugs back*
robotdragon7: You are never lonely in here...*pats you in the back*
*still crying*
/me gives robotdragon7 a robotdragon8
xD
*grabs empty barrel and slams it on Twilight's head*
Airpuff: You know what? Even if I was doing *nothing* and just oretending I was doing something, you'd still get equally worked up. :D
Everyone except me is gay for Braeburn
Bitch please. :P
/me kicks punches throws
11,01He always thinks about him every night.
I think Nittany_Discord has the right idea.
Only Tennant.
Nittany_Discord: I've seen already.
OMG LEVEL UP
11,01In his dreams.
Rainbow whats the matter
/me kisses GilDash with a bloody mouth "Sorry about the blood"
/me glares at GilDash meh
11,01Sickening dreams.
alexxm: I WANT A LITTLE DASHIE BUT I CAN'T HAVE ONE BAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
or just bye ;\
/me wipes mouth from Irish_Pony.
that takes care of that
/me Gives Rainbow a little dashie
11,01Dari, I think you have a problem.
Should I ship them or will someone elsew?
Irish_Pony: What the hay?
I HAVE LVLD UP
11,01A Matt Smith problem.
Nittany_Discord: I'm thinking /allkick
11,01Admit it.
/me kick grabs punches tharassan
Nittany_Discord: Dari is known for having problems.
dari, the first step is admitting you have a problem
11,01XD
:P
Stats robotdragon8 ?
Nabronyan: Now I is happy. Problem resolved!
robotdragon8: Did you aquire new gear?
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYY
/me has gotta know dem stats
/me german suplexes Twilight
/me grabs and bangs tharassan
11,01Now, now dari, no need to get mad.
A PARTY CANNON
robotdragon8: Or rather, new gears?
http://htmlimg3.scribdassets.com/6pts8rc0001m2uk5/images/12-55f08ca271.png :(
*falls on ground* a little help Irish_Pony ?
TheRainbowDash: You had to ask.
It kicks everyone from the room. :P
/me shoots the party cannon
dari, it's okay, we're all here for you.
Oh snap....o_o
GilDash: Oh i just got into a bar fight, teh_Tharassan tried to stop me from getting to ya....*Coughs blood* but...we called it a draw
teh_Tharassan: what/
and new gears! :O
05i woudlnt mind and allout room swipe
Tharassan you all mine.. :)
05cleasn out the idlers
Meanwhile: I needed to make it clear.
N/A is worst pony
Hmm.
and new paint job!
oh my
11,01Dari x Smith OTP
He's gonna do it
13you wouldn't kick a girl on her birthday
/me kicks tharassan in the face
Let's see what the number is after 5 seconds.
do not hesitate daeri
Nittany is the first to get kicked, just wait...:D
level 8/10
a full chat room kick....HOLY BUCK.....
oh, happy birthday Shizubirthday!
AJ need more fans
/me german suplexes Twilight
he's bluffing
Dari would kick a puppy on it's birthday
Irish_Pony: You know I don't like fighting...
Shizubirthday: its your birthday!?
Irish_Pony: it aint over before on of ya has lost bouth legs and hooves! xD
Hmm.
alexxm wat does suplexes mean?
The suspense is thicker than ScootaChicken.
/me suplexes dari
*fires party cannon everywhere*
Twilight you grab somebody and hurl them backwise
13!pokemon
Angel_Umbreon, you are a 3Latios.
Oh
Vordox: S-so people hate Dash almost as much as Rarity? *cries again*
what happend?
Meanwhile: But I got an A* in the first draft of my English coursewok ._.
13!touhou
Angel_Umbreon, you are 7Koishi Komeji.
GilDash: Well...*pants* nethier do i, but i wanted to give you something to REALLY say sorry
Oh god, it's RainBroDash
Run everyone.
Ohai RainBroDash
:( sowwy Rainbow
Sorry ScootaChicken yours was the first name that came to mind.
Rainbow: i really liek Rainbow Dash :3
Ohai RainBroDash
/me huggles Angel_Umbreon
IW
/me waves to RainBroDash
Ow
:3
hai RainBroDash
Hello RainBroDash! (waves and hugs) How are you today?:)
Meanwhile: And not emangamer's?
Biglaw: you believe in me? dont you? :(
ScootaChicken: he isn't in here.
/me gets up and suplexes alexxm
hey RainBroDash hows your day been
*looks at Irish_Pony * men never say sorry
Oh hai RainBroDash
Ha
http://htmlimg2.scribdassets.com/6pts8rc0001m2uk5/images/17-0f55a133e3.png NO BUCKING WAY
10oh hello errybody :3 pings galore
my fave is rainbow just saiyan
Gunthler: THANK YOU KIND SIR
hihi
Irish_Pony: What makes you think you have to give me anything... :(
Vordox: I..I dont see anything
RainBroDash: Yeah, before you even spoke to us.:D
FlareChaserxOctavia what? I've been writing my fic
Vordox what is it?
Vordox: I don't get it
Woot
teh_Tharassan: who the hell say i was a man?
wtf, a sec
The power of IRC
Rainbow: I like Rainbow Dash more than you can imagine. Just ask TheRainbowDash :D
Hai RainBroDash
Hey TheRainbowDash heres a present
*gasp!*
Dat TheRainbowDash
Gunthler: Ah, I know that...(winks)
10alexxm/TheRainbowDash I am doing well thank you, just chillin' out. Not very productive today, but I'll live ^_^
/me gives therainbowdash a present
Biglaw: that I will like Octavia for more than 2 months and beyond, right? :(
GilDash: My most prized poccesion....:'(
A sec, it's an Excel sheet
Open it
Treading on dangerous territory Rainbow...
05hey RainBroDash
FlareChaserxOctavia eeehhhhh... Idk
Happy Birthday Shizubirthday !
05check the art
RainBroDash You should have riden your half broken bike to the Co-op.
Vordox: Your picture has nothing on it...
Irish_Pony: Irish...
RainBroDash: Ah, chill time is good. I am good myself.
/me stares at Irish_Pony .... "Right in the feels" xD
dat RainBroDash
i once liked an anime girl for 7 months.......
Biglaw|Fanfic: I will bet you all :| I WILL WIN THIS!
TheRainbowDash heres ap resent...
OmegaMetroidBrony: What do you mean by that?
Airpuff: :| DO YOU BLOODY MIND?!
/me sits in a corner and plays with his zippo
present*
Twilight: Umm, what is it?
10Wrek, on stream?
Aye
Irish_Pony: donno depends =O
You will se :)
13danke~
/me plays with a yo-yo
Let's just say that one gets a bit erm... wierd Rainbow...
/me glomps!
Especially with RD
!pokemon
Nick, you are a 4Smeargle.
http://img525.imageshack.us/img525/9738/92703683.png !
There
OmegaMetroidBrony: One... what exactly?
hiya RainBroDash
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE!?
for the fate of teh universe FlareChaserxOctavia
Airpuff: :|...Meanwhile can i borrow you cinderblock for one moment pls?
and back from my shower
Hope its been a fun one for you.
Just open it -_-
/me hands Irish_Pony a cinderblock.
12!pokemon
Soital, you are a 14Forretress.
lord of the rings? o0 (funny since Im reading the hobbit)
/me giggles at Irish_Pony
12EW
05yes on stream
/me splexes otakon
12The Hobbit!
05RainBroDash
Meanwhile: Thank you my British friend
/me uses magic to create a barrier of wind
Sorry...
Coem at me bro.
xD
12Is released either a few days before or after my birthday
(sneaks into Meanwhile's Cinderbolck Factory, grabs some, and head on out) I'll use these for later.:)
12FTW birthday present time
LET'S DO THIS!
omg smeargle of cuourse cant believe I didnt know what it was
Nvm Rainbow... Just be careful with RPers
Twilight: why did you just suplex me?
Wrek: very nice rarity
Luna doesn't deserve that much love D:
DO ET
Idk
/me suplexes Twilight
LEEROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOY JEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENKIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINS
dat sneaking
in...THE BASEMENT
Looks that way Shizubirthday.
Shizubirthday: yeah, by the way happy birthday! :D
FlareChaserxOctavia: Yeah, even a conversation, twice.:D
05Shizubirthday
05Shizubirthday
05Shizubirthday
05Shizubirthday
05Shizubirthday
05Shizubirthday
Looks like the only person I killed was myself.
13X3
NO!
Well
/me sneers at Irish_Pony "Owkai then, good attempt of hitting me though" :)
Dem pings.
things look weird
13<3
05Shizubirthday is now ritch
and
damn you fixed script
wait what did i do?
11,01I know I say I don't ship, but Shizubirthday is an exception.
Woah, that red wall...
05rich*
dat birthday spam
ha dar
And yeah, well done dari.
Irish_Pony: Um, Irish... there's nothing there...
it is expensive for theatres to upgrade to it too
Wrek: moar pings for Flare! D:
You managed to commit chat seppuku.
Shizubirthday: Ten bits a wrekping
03inb4 120fps
Twilight, why do you hate TheRainbowDash so much?
Shizubirthday, can I upgrade my bronystate account with Wrek pings?
attention bronies i have farted
I Dont
/me 10takes on the role of the UT2004 Announcer: "HUMILIATION!"
AMAZING alexxm
So yeah, not really worth it once you get past 30 fps
i just like this new command
13i'll sell you a wrek ping for a buds
http://htmlimg2.scribdassets.com/6pts8rc0001m2uk5/images/23-5f313419ab.png Sad truth D:
/me 06is watching 03»» 07Episode 38 - Electric Soldier Porygon 03«» 0200:01/25:48 [020303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 02640x480 03«» 02119.850 fps 03«» 02~295.93KB/s (447.36MB) 03«» 02OpenDivX (DivX 4.0 and later) 03«» 02MPClassic 03««
A bit to much iguess,,,
03if anime can do it, why can't you :P
(gives Shizubirthday a buds)
/me goes to basment and wakes up therd
Shizubirthday: Give you 4 stout shako for it.
INB4 Cheap Jungle Trick
:p
chat derped who pinged me and what did you say
03LOL what
03well
13the yellow and peach segments of that graph are a good thing
11,01Shizubirthday: Glad you liked it <3
03it's a combination of 24 and 30
13<3
03least common multiple is 120
i hope she isnt mad...
Twilight: Guess what? I am.
/me goes out of basment
Shizubirthday: It's goo...CONGRATS...'ds still yeah, but there's still some that are repressive. :(
oh crud
-_-
i hate it when i dont know chat peoples genders.....it feels awkward
Irish_Pony: Irish... why...?
/me FlareChaser|Mad
Well, im not drunk.
*in mind:wonder what shes gonna do to me...
13robotdragon8: just have to pay attention silly
Assume everyone's asexual robotdragon8 works wonders
robotdragon8: Woah, you upgraded from 7 to 8, what are the new specds for 8?:D
13lurk moar
/me gets knocked out
11,01I've only told two people offline ever that I was a brony.
robotdragon8: Be openminded. It's more fun that way. ;)
Vordox I would be one of the yellow category
GilDash: because...I wanted you to forgive me....:'(
....
robotdragon8: I could be a pony for all you know!
lol
/me wakes up and notices im in chanes
??
so many pings
Lol lurking, learned the rules by doing that
I'm a proud non brony. :P
Well, I am now mad so I think I might...actually what is there to do?
/me pushes the gemstone away and hugs Irish_Pony.
Vordox: :|
11,011. My middle half brother. 2. One of my former TA advisors (who never heard of bronies).
robotdragon8, females don't exist on the internet
wat
Vordox: Huh?
there's a hint
GilDash: Huh?
wonder who did this
Nittany_Discord: I have successfully told three people.
I'm not a brony, but I enjoy the company and the show. ;)
/me grunts to get out of chains
RaveBrony: Entertain me!
this isnt working...
I have succeefully told ppl and converted 2-3
Nittany_Discord: So far, my whole school, which is hundreds of people.
Irish_Pony: I only wanted you to realise you messed up. I just wanted you to realise so you wouldn't try something that daft again.
*successfully
FlareChaserxOctavia: Im not your fool!! :D
nobodys gonna hear me...
OmegaMetroidBrony: Ah, tried to convert some, well, actually did for 1.
Twilight: Are you stuck? I'm sorry...
i havent told anyone im a brony and i dont really think i will... it doesnt have anything to do with them, so screw em...
RaveBrony: you will be! :#
o_o
I feel if I brought up that I am a brony, it would feel weird to both me and whoever I was talking to
/me sighs
11,01My mom and her friend know because of a picture I was tagged in with my brony friends on Facebook. She's not against it, so I'm happy.
They think I'm insane
Depressed_Tempest: I made someone a brony.
GilDash: But i went through so much...:'(
TheRainbowDash: my new specs are a party cannon a paint job and a chair shooting gun...
Dken2021: Why is that?
YOu did this rainbow?
yay!
Or a bit off
http://img4.imageshack.us/img4/7536/61276728.png <-- :D Now THIs is somethings interesting
Nittany_Discord: Awesome!! :)
robotdragon8: Woah, a chair shooting gun?
/me hugs Irish_Pony.
Oh you gonna get it when i get out of the chains...
Non sexual shipping, RaveBrony
i almost beat a level of dead space 2 and my pc went down......i raged
or least somepony..?
Twilight: Welp, I'm a tree...
Chain....
hello ponys
11,01Speaking of grimdark, read Cheerilee's Garden yesterday.
*Chains....
Oh hai discord__
Twilight: Ah, nope, suit yourself for that. (sips cider and sits back and relaxes)
Ey discord_
D:
Non-sexual?? Huh.... i think thats fine O.o
TREE POWERS UNACTIVATE!
Nittany_Discord: o_o....no way!
10in during failure
/me grunts
hey discord__ hows your day been
/me holds Irish_Pony tightly, rubbing his back.
/me walks to Twilight ... "You still in a frenzy?"
brb again
*unties Twilight*
/me hits ground
rarity!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me nuzzles TheRainbowDash
ow
Hello discord__! (waves and hugs) How are you today?
Irish_Pony: I'm sorry for putting you through this...
Nittany_Discord: Any good?
/me helps Twilight up
Thanks Rainbow
/me grabs bottles and starts making Molotov's...
http://img406.imageshack.us/img406/7984/21295685.png <--- SHIPPING CHARTS!
therainboedash hello
and thanks airpuff
GilDash Oh..that feels so good...
When confusion's running high there is one fact you may rely~
11,01It's torture porn like Cupcakes, but has more story.
GENTLEMEN
MENTLEGEN
...
hai discord__
Guess I'll be avoiding that then.
Irish_Pony: I didn't realise you were going to take it so hard.
gentle colts
11,01It's basically Cheerilee going nuts and killing her students.
O_O
lol
eek
/me puts kinfe to to arm
rainboefactory
/me nuzzles TheRainbowDash
hmm.
vinyl x tavi ish best ship
Nittany_Discord: I read something called "Iron Cake". Worst and most insane story I've ever read.:O
Nittany_Discord: What was the the B movie?
hai Jim
-_-
/me Nothin' to do here.
Nittany_Discord: Read it. Did not enjoy.
hai Michael :)
alexxm: *nuzzles you back*
/me cuts off arm
rainbow factory
OWWWW
omg now im cutting myself!
GilDash: Meh...an Irish doesnt just sit there and mope, he gets out there to fight for what he loves....
/me takes the knife from Twilight and heals her arm -.-
Rainbow Factory pissed me off actually
Octavia and Vinyl being the favourites... I can't WAIT till episode 2 and 3 of The Doctor and the Assistant to increase those ratings. :)
THanks
hai guys! got back from school and guess wut? IVE GOT A FUCKING FACEBOOK ACOUNT!!!!!!!!:):):)
discord__: Tame compared to the story I read. (Iron Cake)
/me sits by wall
Kipkat07_Mare: Samurai Cop
Oh hai EpicPwnTime3 and EEWWW FACEBOOK
hai EpicPwnTime3
EpicPwnTime3: Aww yeah! Cool!:)
Meanwhile: kthxbai
/me puts hooves to face in sadness
epic cupcake time
its all my fault
WHOA!
Irish_Pony: That's why you need to use your brains rather then your brawn. :p
http://htmlimg1.scribdassets.com/6pts8rc0001m2uk5/images/29-bafaad2a91.png <-- Rule 34 with ponies... O.o
...
GilDash: Irish, all brawn, no brains.
i love beer Irish_Pony can i has some? or do i have to beat you up for sum?
Meanwhile: I can try. :)
/me walks up to Twilight and pets her man gently "Dont worry" =)
Vordox: Damn, I am part of that 11.5%.:D
/me sighs
Vordox: IKR
teh_Tharassan: did you really finnish that whole barrel in half and hour?
yo
wats gonna happen?
Vordox: (the light green one)
i liked rainbow factory and cupcakes.....and i didnt think they were so well known at the time...like after i choose rainbow as my fav pony and found out how popular SHE was...
<.< Wrek has done some of those erotica pony pictures :P
aww so much hate on da rule 34
hi me
...
wut
:P
wat
Dat clone
Irish_Pony: i finished it in 2 minutes after we fought'
...
Vordox: i know.. theyre beautiful
rules 25
11,01twilight, what is wrong?
Wat Twilight ?
/me puts lbanket around me
Where can I get this painting program thing?
first a cccp clone now a rainbow clone....oh boy
Nothings wrong
Well I find it interesting to look at for the art. Not exactly for it's Erotica part. :)
13twi wants some cake.. keeps falling over while i try to get a pic
All the clones
:|
ThErainbow_Dash: Who are you exactly?
hi
CHANGELINGS
<<
im you
LOL WREK
Hey! Hey, Lyra! HANDS!
I know what you are thinking XD
teh_Tharassan: *sheds manly tear* you made me proud lad...really proud...*hooves over a deed to 100 barrels of whiskey*
Oh dear.
Lol I has a system for dealing with clones
....
Who say I liked r34? <.< >.>
oh mai
What the hay is happening?:D
05nice.
Entire chat kick script.
This will end well.
Make the chart 99% enjoy it XD
oh lawd
wat
THE WORLD IS ENDING
Meanwhile: I am going under as well!:D
:D
TheRainbowDash: AN IMPOSTOR
:D
everyone is leaving
wat
The world crumbles before me
Is he kicking all of us now?
/me ducks
LOL
The world isnt ending
Irish_Pony: thanks *takes deed and gets a truck*
:O
13should knockout..
free shipping!
yeah, that'd be prince dari
dat kick script
Oh god D:
i'd have to do work
/me flies away
xD
/me facehoofs
RUN!!!!!!!!!!
so much kick
XXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Entire chat kick, amazing dari.:D
Kick EVERYTHING
Dat kick xD
we're all going to die
/me runs in panic
AAAAHHHHH!!!!
Get out before you're sucked in too!
yoooooooooooooo
13...
And it continues.
So it begins
guddn moin ponies :)
Meanwhile: I got in it also.:D
again
TheRainbowDash: What is a script kick?
Oh hai Invi *hugs*
Mods are kicking? O.o
Hai Invi
http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/091/829/shitstorm%20a-brewin'.png
Prince dal IM NOT STUPID
hai Invi
It just doesn't end.
13this is exceedingly annoying :<
Rainbow: Everypony is kicked by Dari.
We got to the end!
WOO!
YAY
10:D
WOOO
yay!
ironically the first FIM video(or content) i ever saw was a video trolling bronies 0_0
/me didn't feel a thing.
WHY.
I wonder how many people don't sign back on because they don't fo anything. :D
prince dal called me stupid..
/me hugs OmegaMetroidBrony Jim and Michael
hi
lol.
so the mass kick happened
YAAAAY! EQD finally did a official Article about Friendship is FABULOUS: D:
Im tired of getting kicked
I give up. I'm not cut out for this.
:D
/me is sooo lost as to what happened (wasnt in chat)
13dropped 30 people who will now reenter and complain because they were, quite literally, kicked for no reason
Just clearing out all the idlers.
hmm
eeyup
http://i.imgur.com/jCrJx.jpg
:D Dat kick :D
i need more beer
wtf
whats that Vordox
hang on brb
11,01You finally snapped under the Smith shipping.
Idling is a problem?
go go SUMERPAN!!!!
dat kick Oo
Shizubirthday happy birthday ^^
Prince dari why do you think im stupid for??
im afk for hours and i get kicked "Leeroy you are stupid as hell?"
alexxm: The one most Mods enjoy here, and sometimes show, Friendship is Fabulous
Sumerpan is the hero Bronystate deserves
sumerpan !!!! save us
prince_dan: What program is this again? I'd like to find it.
Twilight sprinkler it happend to me
10ahahahahahahaq
hi
where was gondor?
hi
hey Invi hows your day been
Nittany_Discord: Apparently, he was on his lunck break.
hi
Nittany_Discord: good question
Nittany_Discord: found him. http://i.imgur.com/jCrJx.jpg
timeban dari for kicking everybody
Nittany_Discord everyobdy gets one
Nah
allkick?
huh?
eyup
That was hilarious
Huh.
/me comes out of hidding... Iiis it over?
SAI
Just doing the regular channel idle kicking Twilight.
why did I get kicked?
We need to install more railings to prevent this from happening again
Woodenfan: Wrek is streaming
hio alexxm, well my day is 36 minutes old and nothing really happened during this time ^^
*throws a keg full o beer near Irish_Pony hooves* JOIN ME!
/allkick there is a command for that?
oh
why is there __p__
yep, we need more railings
Woodenfan, Wrek is streaming, i think its sai
whats wrong with being idle?
Woodenfan: also, it's Adobe SAI
/me 11,01dusts Kipkat07_Mare
Not...answering my question
hey PinkiePry hows your day been
ok
SUMERPAN
Nittany_Discord: yay
teh_Tharassan: sorry...but i need to do something....
lets see
11,01Wow. We're down by 70
hai PinkiePry
Woodenfan: you were asking the wrong person
test
13disappointed that excess flood didn't kick in
...
Irish_Pony: suit yourself
00,02test
/me pulls GilDash into his barrel
CONFESSIONS: I do not enjoy Lyra x BonBon.
00,02yay
at all :|
71, actually. I'm just a buffer
hi __p__ and __ s___ ___d__
/me 00,02this should allso be in colour now
our baby fell out of the window...u think that his head would be split...but luck was with him that morning....he fell in a pile of SSSSSHHHavving cream! shave everyday and youll always look keen!..
Irish pony x Glidash
12,4Spidertest.
I lost track of who was streaming
/me joins Irish_Pony willingly.
sorry
hiya LordCelestia aka BaconMane
Eek
k
robotdragon8: LOL
Oh hai BaconMane
alexxm how was your day?
Twilight: Capital D in my name, thanks. :)
Hell ya new name for the bronystate
Damnit
hai LordCelestia
GilDash: glad to see you forgive me ;)
hai BaconMane
Np?
...
Twilight: Brony shipping is now canon/
and if i set a colour 0,05manualy0,01it should not colour it
Irish_Pony: You're such a silly filly. :D
Ok
good Invi doing an article about bronies for my college course
00,02accidentaly lc's colour
/me kicks irish ponys barrel down hill
GilDash: Not silly...just drunk ;)
..............
...........................
Pfft.
and i have an on off switch
:)
rainbow__d__: wat
...
Twilight: what have you done?
I'll purchase that and Adobe Flash when I'm out of the house. Those 2 I'd like to master.
Im mad
u mad?
....I like shipping.......
me gusta
Irish_Pony: Same thing... :p
Shipping is OK Tier
Yay GuntherDW is no longer here, no more tab fails. :D
i kinda do too
history and the people who work on the shows reactions and some fan projects Inve
GilDash x TheRainbowDash
13http://i.imgur.com/2Ephh.jpg
history and the people who work on the shows reactions and some fan projects Invi
Dat cake
Hai everypony
Dat Shizu cake.
Shizubirthday: awesome! :P
Oh hai Whooves
05hows that?
FlareChaserxOctavia: I distincly remember you liking Colgate only a week ago... :p
GilDash: oh shush...*closes lid* ;)
I'll figure it out darnit. I'm also going to attempt to make a Ponymon game...except I can't think of 386 MLP characters (evolutions and all) and have those sprites rendered and whatnot. Gonna be fuuuuuuun.
hey Whooves hows your day been
Wrek: Positively marvelous.
so awessooome
yay bread Shizubirthday
11,01Don't burn Twilight!
So lovely Shizubirthday
/me hugs Shizubirthday *wub*
i have that same twilight sitting on my gaming TV
and my stream dided
Good i got back from the tardis
Hello Whooves! (waves and hugs) How are you today?:)
hai Whooves
Good
hello Whooves
EY whooves
just for a test
good
hi Whooves
WAS THERE A TIME WORP
Nittany_Discord: Oh, umm, it is too late!:O
13otakon: cake actually
alexxm i watched today some non-brony reactions to the show while watching the show. i can link you if you want.
Whooves, wazzup?
to see if it was working
YAY WREK! Bestpony!!
GilDash: I moved on, I like Octavia now, AND I WILL CONTINUE TOO TILL THE END OF THE WORLD!
..
Woodenfan OC's OC's EVERYWHERE
lol
Whooves: Oh, cool to hear. I am doing good myself.
is it teens react Invi
also! good evening peoples!
Oh hey Golakka
tis a tasty looking cake Shizubirthday
OmegaMetroidBrony: I dont see any OC's..
alexxm nope
hiya Golakka
hey Golakka hows your day been
hai Golakka
yeah true, but I mean CANON OmegaMetroidBrony
FlareChaserxOctavia: Hey, Octavia is a classy babe. Smokin' hot too. ;)
Who is best pony?
alexxm the whole episode
Pinkie Pie
hai Golakka
im gonna leave . see u guys tomorrow or so :)
Hello Golakka! (waves and hugs) How are you today?
sure send the link Inve
GilDash: I know ;)
Bye robotdragon8
sure send the link Invi
08,01kicked all the mods?
11,01I wonder if your Twilight has issues with hair entanglement.
bye robotdragon8
Woodenfan please you're probably gonna have to use OC's
no, others
cya robotdragon8
Kicked EVERYONE
Bai robotdragon8
c ya robotdragon8
Kicked ALL the chat goers.
Rainbow: according to the Bronystate 1st Annual Tom Awards, Twilight Sparkle
11,01Well, more like hair bunching.
why are we kicked?
Meanwhile: I wasn't kicked
CHAAAAAAAAAAAARGEEEE
ok. I should give it a shot...Faust's OC is Deoxys. called it
10Shizuka didn't get kicked... It's her Birthday of course :>
otakon: SHSSHSHSHHHHSHHSHHHHH
whaa
I WASN'T KICKED FOR ONCE!
But of course RainBro. :>
Twilight got a 1st annual tom award..?
dari
11,01Makes it hard to brush my RD's tail.
...
You missed otakon
.......... (trolll face of death)
otakon: Cool, I thought the answer was everypony/
O.o
Damn internetz
brb guys
TheRainbowDash :O How can you hate a man with such a sexy voice?
alexxm wait for it i have to search the link again
/me opens the lid to his barrel with GilDash
thanks for the help Invi
OmegaMetroidBrony: Too bad, don't like his antics. They get annoying.
it would if been cool if everypony got a 1st annual tom award
/me enters the Muffin of Solitude.
Irish_Pony: So, how was that for a mare who does, "no work?" :p
LIES
:P
So how are all you sexy ponies thisevening?
TheRainbowDash: Who
/me gives a piece of cake to everypony
Hooo?
Rainbow: Dari.
/me looks at Irish_Pony .. "That was fast?" o.o
Golakka: Suitably sexy, thank you. ;)
:O y u no have troll face bronystate.net
Staying sexy
Yay cake
Yeah TheRainbowDash?
Golakka: ???
/me eats cake
owlicious whos a ho
Airpuff: He needs to work on his stamina. ;)
What did I do?
How are you Rainbow
Airpuff: what did i say??? :|
This chat is deeeeeeaaaaaaaaaad
*mouth full* that was deilicous
Not anymore!
Good, how are you?
I want a another peice of cake
Irish_Pony: ahahaha nothing *liar face*
outstanding! <3
/me puts up an magical barrier just in case..
Funny that was.
The monthly clear out? I didn't do that, it's just automatic on my IRC.
TheRainbowDash: I'm with you.
...
/me gives a piece of cake to Whooves
08,0123:44 < Whooves> *mouth full* that was deilicous <--- ಠ_ಠ
:0
Sounds totally legit dari.
Wiat, really Dari?
Shizubirthday: Cake~
13it's not monthly
YO YO YO
/me eats cake
/me lys head on GilDash's head "Very nice ;)"
Shizubirthday: I guess daily.
Stream stopped
so... what the hell was the kick for? cause i wasnt even doing anything...
Yep TheRainbowDash
08,01aye, it's not monthly; i've never seen it before
I haven't even been around the last few months
That's why
/me looks over irsh ponys barrier
Hey Irish Pony
It's because we challenged dari to all kick the chat and that was the best he could do.
stream has gone to a better place
05we cleaned out the idlers Depressed_Tempest
and GliDash
what just happend ? why was i kicked ?
...........
/me eats all the cake remaining
i see...
05sprign cleanign
then hoo's been watching ED? A robot?
Whooves: DO YOU MIND?!
05all got kicked oute
Whooves: Oh, hello. :$
Sorry just wanted to say hi
hi all, again.
08,01oh, dari, while you're here: can you disable your topic reset script? we're topiclocked anyway
/me goes away
hi...
08,01i mean like +t
well... back to lurking anyway...
Welcome back WallDives! (waves and hugs)
/me makes cake
hai WallDives
Oh, sure
Whooves: Oh, you silly filly.
:S
Hey everypony i made a cake
hey WallDives what have you been up to
I was listening to the music in the stream...
derp chat
10OmegaMetroidBrony that was a troll kick from me, scorn me, hate me. I am a horrible person :D
I have ice cream
Anypony want to test taste?
GilDash: Jeez these random ponies disturbing us....
while studying
Baaaah im so bored right now!! D=
Poor biglaw has no idea! :P
08,01\o/
Vanilla with chocolate or strawberry syrup
RainBroDash: why :'(
My jimmies ain't even rustled RainBroDash
10:>
RainBroDash I blame dari for you becoming like this. :P
STREAM MUST LIVE
RainBroDash: Nah, out of all of the mods, you're my most hated.:D (nah, i kid)
Anypony?...
\~/
i found a sparta remix of fluttershy
-_-
I thought it was pretty funny
hey dARAINBOwDaSH hows your day been
Afk
08,01well, as they say on the continent: sister toss and squish and squash
:O
because sometimes the simplest stuff is the best :)
oh well
Irish_Pony: That's why we should go to a room instead of a barrel. ;)
Wrek needs more Twilight Sparkle backgrounds.
04,02A07,02W08,02A09,02K03,02E06,02N04,02 07,02#08,02b09,02r03,02o06,02n04,02y07,02s08,02t09,02a03,02t06,02e04,02r07,02e08,02g09,02u03,02l06,02a04,02r07,02s
alexxm:good yours
Dat GilDash
Place it in that giant hat~
Gunthler: ;)
GilDash: I have a room...shall we ;)
08,01and suddenly all the fans in my server went nuts
I tried, but those colours killed me again
08,01and i can hear it from here
GilDash: :D
STREAM YOU LIVE
fun fact: there's a channel command that insta-kick's EVERYONE from the channel
:(
Back
good dRAINbOwSh doing an article about bronies for my college
but i dont feel like it
:$:D
Irish_Pony: Tsk, so soon? I could do with a break... and something that isn't whisky. :D
CRUSH 40 FTW
KaitoThePony here was not here all week but wishes he was there
WOOHOO
welcome back Whooves
TheRainbowDash wanna test taste my cake/
oh wait, the other kind of fan
Oh hai KaitoThePony
GilDash: I do have other drinks you know
Its Choclate
hai KaitoThePony
Wait, is this crush 40? No...RATS
:D happy to be back on
GilDash: and we can just cuddle ;)
10derp_derp fun fact: that would get the person who used it (unless they were an ircops) kicked from the server
alexxm:im bored though:|
hio KaitoThePony
isn't it /k
Why doesnt anypony wanna test taste my cake?
Irish_Pony: We can cuddle here... :)
I'd do a stream, but I have extreme ADD
Whooves: is it chocolate?
Yea
red velvet is good :)
GilDash: u sure? all these other ponies disturbing us?
apparently rarity is 2nd least popular pony
Ryunosuke: yes it is
Pfft.
nope
GOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAL!
DaringDude: argh.....
get your own stream gildash and irish_pony
i keep feeling and seeing in my mind wat glidash and irish pony are doing O_o
i already know that rainbrodash
/me hits self
Rarity's my second favorite pony
05i can even smell the lavender in her hair
DaringDude sad but true
05~
that was terrible.
walldives u okay?
lol Whooves xD
Wrek O_O
Wat Airpuff?
Let the man be...
/me has not favorite pony
Whooves: bad joke, dont worry.
Whooves: just that comment x)
Whooves: OH FYREFLYE.
wat is yalls fav pony
Irish_Pony: It's a hug, Irish. Besides, I like the extra attention. ;)
Wrek are u per chance related to anypony from inkheart?
If Wrek can draw convincing gold he can cmell his picture
Wrek can draw best pony well, I approve of his choice
*smell
:/
Michael then do you have ponies you don't like?
Epic art.
/me knocks on irishes barrier
GilDash: okay then...*hugs tightly*
Hey irish wanna test taste my cake?
/me hates everyone
:3
WallDives: Hmm? Did you shout something earlier?
Invi: i like them all
GilDash: I thought you wern't in the mood. :D
Cool story FlareChaserxOctavia
Did he ever draw Dashie?
/me snuggles Irish_Pony.
Hmm nvm
OmegaMetroidBrony: :3
Not sure if I've been awake too long or brain shutting down.
/me walks away
/me 11,01doesn't hate FlareChaserxOctavia
GilDash: nothing of importance.
Gunthler: It's snuggling. Not what you want. ;)
dat pinkie pie sounding voice
Equestria girls~
Combination of both Meanwhile?
WallDives: Who scored then?
FlareChaserxOctavia wohoo I hate me too :3
oh this..
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
GilDash: I'm not sure what I want. :D
/me 11,01dusts Meanwhile
yay!
D D D D D D D D D DROP THE BASS
Anypony want to play a game of l4d2?
/me doesnt hate everyone know, thanks to Nittany_Discord.
i think irish pony loves glidash...
Equestria Girls
Gunthler: Then go and find somepony who does. ;)
GilDash: situational joke.
:)
Rainbow: http://mcatquestionoftheday.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/premedmeme.jpg
Wrek, since you're a highly detailed person, try and doing a art the same at the animation art in the episodes? :)
Rainbow: It broke..:(
Equestria girls video is stupid
all move like jagger, I've got the move like jagger
it is Equestria Girls
Whooves: but I like the song
Whooves: It is pretty cool.
lol Jim
WallDives: I only saw the string of letters. :D
speaking of, Feyenoord in UCL next year. There goes my wallet.
I was working with bases and acids today...
Its made by a 3 year old
High on acid
THANK YOU PINKIE PIE
^
...
therainbowdash:how are you :P
my troll sense i tingling...
Whooves: argh, really? I suppose you think the same of the actual songs from the show.
is*
GilDash: btw...you still have that diamond i gave you?
Sorry
/me finds dimaond on ground
GilDash: What are you saying that I want? :D
Why would you give her Tom Irish_Pony?
He's just a rock!
Irish_Pony: Aww, you're not going to try and take it back now, are you? :P
hey.. theres a name on this..
OmegaMetroidBrony: :|
Gnight everypony
/me reads name
Good singing
Nighty Michael
cya Michael
G'night Michael
Gli-dash
nighty Michael
o-o
Night Michael
08,01night Michael
Gunthler: I don't know. Maybe there's somepony else who can help you. :)
night Michael
attention bronies i have farted
Michael: Night. :)
Night Michael
/me walks to irish barrier
Eeeeeeeh. I have the dentist tommorow.
/me is protected by the Muffin of Solitude
GilDash: Na...you can keep it...i have another one myself
08,01ask me what?
hope it goes well Meawhile
no more school
Glidash i found your dimond
o_o
:P
Can't wait to hear "You need to stop grinding your teeth" again
On a related note, I'm heading to bed too
/me throws over
G'night everypony
/me is protected by his knives of stabbing
I'll grind my teeth if I want to damnit.
cya Jim
Nighty Jim
/me walks away
Night Jim
05bread by bread
bye Jim
asfd
Rarity. She makes dresses all day.
08,01ask me whaaaat?
I'm not sure what to ask :D
nighty jim
attention bronies i have farted
Breadbreadbreadbread
Baking it together~
Twilight she reads all day
11,01I buy from Rarity.
08,01will someone just please ask me *something*!
lol dis bread by bread
11,01=p
/me puts sunglassies on
/me 11,01looks around
GilDash: I'm scared now :D
Hi gunthler
Wrek: Post it on dA
08,01Meanwhile: space
IA HZ
08,01alexxm: space
Ohai WhatPayne
/me suplexes gunthler
Ohai Whooves
....
XD
Ohai Gunthler
i splexed gunthler
hey Gunthler hows your day been
....hmmm...
i wish i had that blurring tool on my drawing application
Dat alexxm
who here like eurobeat brony
it would make shading alot easier
dat Gunthler
dARAINbOwDaSh: me!
What's going on?
:P
oh by the way i have farted
08,01Whooves: i think the real question here is "can i play with it?"
XD
08,01owlicious: seven.
dARAINbOwDaSh: Me. For his song Discord.
Nopony plays with mah machine gun
im listening to that sond
huh... that's a very versatile extra
not even you Whooves ?
dARAINbOwDaSh: Discord?
GilDash tell me...would you like it as a necklace?
Only me
rainbow:ya]
/me builds barrier
this is best part
08,01ha!
08,01<3
/me ptus rocket luncher turrets up by sides and coners
:)
Wrek, whats its like to draw something that can look back at you?
08,01also, remmeber i was mentioning my abdominal pains yesterday?
Dafuq is a coner?
DaringDude: What song is it?
Nopony can come in only friends
Woah, what is this song I trotted into? Oh, this one...nice....:)
/me sets turrets to friends only
08,01they've gotten worse, and my brother thinks it's soemthing to do with my kidneys
Rainbow: idk but i know the art of the dress song
O_O
Irish_Pony: Wh-what are you trying to tell me?
08,01so imma make a doctors appoitment
best part is when others come in
who wants cupcakes
TheRainbowDash: What song is it?
05DuskStarshimmer: its intimate on a whole new level
Rainbow: Art of the Dress.
/me sits on bed and watchs TV
neat :D
-.- i give up
...
WE CAN'T
^
08,01Wrek: i promise i will never die.
wait........ why is rarity in pinkie pies room...........
05yey
:D
dont make promises you cant keep...
i have farted
08,01*puppet sex*
GilDash: what? would you like it as a necklace? so that you dont have to carry a big chuck of diamond around.
o_o
/me puts sign up saying Friends Only
Well, that was interesting
o_O
dat puppet sex
i actually really like dis song
O.o
Irish_Pony: ... Umm... Irish... I don't think I can do that...
its in my playlist
Well he is a gas planet with sexy rings :/
08,01:P
GilDash: alright just asking
08,01it's okay alexxm
HUNGER
my face when for some reason im leeroy
/me tv turns to ponies making out in their bed
O_O
Stupid TV
And remote
lol
kenne mfw u are leeeroy
Indeed.
/me turns off tv
Hello ponies
but yeah apparently i was kicked while i was away for being leeroy
Irish_Pony: I think it's wonderful and all, but I can't accept it. Sorry. :$
Oh hai CupcakeWarrior
......... :'(
hio CupcakeWarrior
hey CupcakeWarrior hows your day been
/me tv turns to gun infoman
Happy birthday Shizubirthday!
kenne he kicked everyone in stream XD
08,01Invi: what do i taste of?
Yay
OH GOD IT SHALL BE AWESOME
GilDash: I dont mind...just dont lose ok ;)
http://i.imgur.com/Tx58L.gif
/me looks at machine gun
Eeey Whooves ?
11,01Whooves: Stop the RP.
Sorry
DaringDude: oh ok that would explain it
o_o
Hi Vinyl
AT THE GALAAAAAAA!!!
any new songs?
how long ago was that series of kicks
Irish_Pony: Like I said, I *can't* accept it. Sorry. :$
chocolate
xD
Which remix is this?
Can't wait for Dashie's part!
i think this is saltakrits
hey VinylScratch hows your day been
GilDash: Again...ok....
nopony come in my barrier
been okay, been playing minecraft for the first time *ever*
Gunthler he tastes great, doesn't he? ^^
>_>;
Come on...
Irish_Pony: Thanks. :)
irish_pony:hi
/me does 12 backflips into the chat
YES
I think I may have heard this....
/me goes in Whooves barrier
HEY!
/me shoots with machine gun
IT IS EPIC
Rainbow: That part, amazing. - RD's part:)
ooh, new issue of The Smog.
Whooves you are challenging it :3
Smooze > Rainbow Dash
meh
Ooo, what song is this?
Dat robotic Rarity
/me reloads
08,01Gunthler: woo! \o/
SparklyWaffles: At the Gala.
I MEAN RAINBOW
TheRainbowDash: I have the feeling this pony is pure awesomeness.
dat error
/me teleports behind Whooves "So, Whats up?"
cool a remix!
Heyyyyy I've heard this!
Rainbow: The definition of awesome, and much more than just that.:)
Well someone doesnt like RPing :p
hi
hio RaInBoWfAcToRy
20% cooler remix
TheRainbowDash: The embodiment of awesomeness.
Um, I got kicked while I was afk. The reason listed was "Leeroy, you were just stupid as hell."
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
Dat link.... Gonna go DL teh song
Kandarihu: Lol!!1
alexxm: *hugs you back*
Kandarihu: we all were kicked
otakon: true :p
Ah, okay.
Kandarihu: Dari put an auto-kick everyone from the room script through. =_(\
Even though THEY HAVENT UPDATED THE RULES ABOUT IT
brb
wow that hair looks gourgious wrek
I see, lol. Nothing personal
11,01People like Whooves is why Maid Hour is on hiatus.
...Maid hour? when?
How does he know what to shade on that picture btw?
Nittany_Discord: :(
wait what? what did Whooves do?
Nittany_Discord: too much RP right?
That makes me a sad pony Nittany_Discord
11,01Yeah.
otakon: excessive RP.
or is it forcing ppl to RP
Dance dance, dance. dance.
ah oke
DaringDude: Nah, just too much.
11,01Excessive RP is not allowed here.
ah
/me cleans bar
TheRainbowDash: not when i last checked the 2.0 ruleset. might want to give it another look...
Nittany_Discord: How are you changing text font color?
brb again
*dances with FlareChaserxOctavia *
DaringDude: I am not RPing, though.
RaveBrony: How, are, you, doing, with, zee, picture?
*I
:/
teh_Tharassan: no :|
Bread By Bread, Baking it together~
:'( *sits in dark corner*
/me is now a purple elephant dragon
abandon htread thread thread thread thread
Woodenfan better read te rulz ^^
And Nittany_Discord, Miad Hour isnt doing well? This is saddening :/
ok
for all curious, Rules -> Do Not Spam.
RAWR
FlareChaserxOctavia: Not working on it atm, Im cramming like a MOFO!!! I am SO screwed for this test!! T~T
since when was rarity a baker
all written there.
.

:'(
RaveBrony: NO! YOU SHALL PASS!
:(
:'(
11,01Maid Hour was fine. People were just taking it too far.
:'(
*frontflips like a bawss*
:(
I sure hope so..... there is SO much riding on this test its not even funny.....
11,01And there was danger of r34.
ahhhhh
ok
well gtg ill probably be back later maybe not so cyall...*kisses GilDash* Ill see you later ;)
why is everyione doing :'(
Nittany_Discord: Really? O_o
There's always a danger of R34
cya Irish_Pony
I'd ask how to become a mod, but I'm never going to become one. :'(
STOP THE SAD FLUTTERSHY GAHHHH
Nittany_Discord: Well, I can't approve of R34 becoming involved. Still... :(
Bai Irish_Pony
:'(
You just neve know when it will strike
Nittany_Discord: Interesting... never would have anticipated that one XD
wait why was i kicked
*never
nothing wrong with r34... just not here...
11,01Maid Hour will be back.
Thats why u take that to private chat >;]
Irish_Pony: See you later. :)
I can just hear Raritys voice in my head saying "Gentle please"
i didnt do anything
r34
Good to hear Nittany_Discord!
Bronysith: everypony got kicked for nothing xD Just a mod havin fun
/me spits on R34.
11,01People just need to calm down the roleplay first.
Airpuff: ahh
Nittany_Discord: and isnt it midnight cleaning now? since the whole hour thing lik never applies?
*like
What are we watching thursday night again?
**night time
/me cleans up his roleplay a bit "Is that better Nittany_Discord ? "
la la la la la la la la
:)
Thursday night is when we throw a party for LadyCanary
Nittany_Discord: I'm still sad... :(

nvm
i know now
bum... bum bum bum bum... bum.
;)
:'( :( :'(
OMG SO AWESOME /)^3^(\ HES PAINTING RARITY!
................
what we going to do then OmegaMetroidBrony
dude
Idk party hard?
the dude lebowski?
:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
Invi: He's Mr. Lebowski, I'm the DUDE.
and then chat DIED
The chat just died a bit o.o
otakon lol i just watched that movie. it was great. he is my idol now ^^
THe SECREt diablo level HAS Unicorns!!!!!!
vegeta wat does the scouter say about therainbowdash flight power
Is anyone else thinking of Earthbound because of this song?
HOW
DaringDude: AWESOME!
BLARg
So, sup GilDash ? xD
11,01I know GilDash. I like Maid Hour myself.
Rainbow: It's OVERUSED JOKE!
hah
(troll face of death)
RaInBoWfAcToRy: It's OVERUSED JOKE!
I've never heard of this maid hour thou speakest of
Nittany_Discord: I'll hold on to hope. :)
i know :'(
Never Invi ? o.o
RaInBoWfAcToRy: No way....:D
BLARGH
i dont like maid hour... but i have nothing against it either... i am indifferent...
Airpuff: The sky. Maybe the ceiling. Definitely the stars.
Airpuff nopeti dopti
GilDash: ... deep o.o
i've heard of maid hour just never taken part in it
Invi: ever been at the movienights then? o.o
CeilingKirz protects the sky
YO BACK
Airpuff: Literal. :D
I wonder how it feels to do a Sonic Rainboom...
13it's a harmless thing, it's just there's people that can't control themselves and have to turn it into something inappropriate
It must hurt
and watches you more than Big Brother
Airpuff yup, since February
Shizubirthday pretty much that
Invi: wierd you have never seen it then, ofthen during movies xD
Shizubirthday: What is the harmless thing?
If I ever become a moderator, I must warn you, I can't draw. At all.
GilDash: .. i dont understan how that is going to make it any better GilDash xD
Nittany_Discord: Did you ever decide on those other 'hour' themes? lol
Not online, anyways
Drawing is not a requirement Woodenfan
Dat Shizubirthday
who like woodentoater
13Rainbow: maid hour nick changes
ahhhhhh ok
/me shrugs.
Airpuff during movies i avoid main chat because of chat speed
Airpuff: Aww, is my mind overwhelming you?
/me yawns
Happy birthday Shizu :P
13<3
13flaria~<3
well Airpuff there does tend to be a movie on so he might not be focusing on the chat that much
Well, I'll wait until the next signups then. If it ever comes to that
0,5Flaria o: ha
0,5*hai
TheRainbowDash: i got a new chapter up
/me gives Shizubirthday a birthday cake
Did I already wish Shizu a happy birthday? Ugh, memory, catch up!
/me hugs Shizubirthday and nuzzles, hoofing a muffin. "Happy birthday~"
Invi: ahh then i see xD
Bronysith Force of Friendship I presume?
Shizubirthday you get anything else for you're birthday
Dken2021: yes
13wubwub
GilDash: Very much so xDD
/me gives WallDives a whole buck of Energydrink
Dken2021: (family)
I like your cake, Shizubirthday~
Bronysith: Oh, awesome! I'll check it out later, but for now, nom and relax time.:D
Airpuff: new chapter up
13<3
TheRainbowDash: okay
family?
Evil enchanting! Evil enchanting everywhere!
KEWL
Airpuff: Silly filly. :p
Dken2021: yea thats my sequel
Bronysith: Neat!
ah ok
Airpuff so, explain this thing to me.
YO
Dken2021: first one is (a new world) and 2nd is (familiy)
/me hugs Shizubirthday happy birthday :3 <3
13<3
hello
GilDash: Im silly beacuse i dont understnad what you mean by.. the ceiling.. the sky and the stars? xDD
Oh, happy birthday Shizubirthday. :)
I has leave napw :'(
Airpuff: You said what's up. I looked up. :)
happy birthdat Shizubirthday
Bai Kipkat07_Mare *hugs*
Also, and I haven't done this in far toolong:
/me tacklehugs Flaria.
My cat just literally whacked a table.
cya Kipkat07_mare
XD
/me huggles Lasharus <3
....... Omg GilDash ... xD
GilDash: Noooow i understood -.-
how woodenfan
Woodenfan: Did it make you jump?
Airpuff: do u require a link?
Woodenfan high fives Shizubirthday
