Anyway...
hmmmm..
poo
02*WB03(Aurora03)02WB* - <Aurora> 06I acknowledge I have issues, I am ok with it
i like this place i makes me feel happy and non hated on
O_o well... Ninjazz it was about rarity, and i felt akward when I woke up... like... really? XD
Val is not a mod to toy with... he gets angry very easily and it is best to stay on his good side...
well bye
/me hugs Tefacehuggah
panda: You lucky motherbucker... :|
2,14 >implying I'm angry
2roaraaaaaaa
YEEEEAAAAHHH!
2,14 no one in the chat has ever seen me angry, trust me
alriiiight
YAY ROBOT BATTLES
that game
Ninjazz: how does that make me lucky????
is quite
amazing
Tefacehuggah: it's great isn't it? :D
ValtheJean: you're scaring me now >.> i dont wanna see more
panda: *Angryface* AND YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW?!
would you like a cookie ValtheJean
Ninjazz: O_O no?
/me sighs
HULK RAGE
11,02I may have faced the wrath of Val once O~O
Ninjazz: Enjoy chapter 3?
SuperBrony64: hey u :3
2,14 you got close
11,02...and lived to tell the tale O.O
I fell asleep at the beginning. :( Sorry.
I YELL THINGS IN JAPANESE
2,14 closer than most people
Actually, I may have incurred Val's wrath at one point :(
I was just too tired.
13I YELL THINGS IN ENGLISH
2,14 I'll be frank
SuperBrony64: O.O you? you can make people angry? impossible!
I YELL THING IN FRENCH
Ninjazz: iz all good
11,02Val is my friend though ^_^
wait... ValtheJean got made at SuperBrony64? how is that possible SB64 is so calm and aweomse and MOO!
13i thought you were going to be val
2,14 there is only one way to make me truly angry at people, and no one in this chat has done so
Hugs, Val?
yet
2,14 and Super:.....ung... *facepalm*
ValtheJean: its not insult caramel is it?
not saying that I would
2,14 if that were the requisite, then half the channel would be banned
Well, there really is no reason to insult Caramel.
13http://screensnapr.com/v/2hc0S5.png dat illegible text
/me sticks to what she knows dosen't upset ValtheJean
ValtheJean, I picked the first Super Robot Wars and I like it :D
What has Caramel done to incure hate?
Shizuka: hehe
Ninjazz: nothing, I just asked lol
You kidding? I could see *facepalm* clearly on my screen :S
night all
Exactly.
Ninjazz: ikr, he's just a background pony
Ninjazz: ok look... read clop fic and fall asleep, and dream abotu fav pony lol XD
Caramel had lines, though
Polydunami: shh....
02so I should buy it even though it's a PC game? derp
Who could hate Caramel? I mean you don't have to adore him. But hate?
03LOL BUYING GAMES
13oh joy.... high of 93 tomorrow...
What? I mean lines of dialogue
13summer is here
I don't hate
Shizuka: where?
13here
i would like to see Val's anger as a form of sociological experiment...
panda: wait what?
Shizuka: you don't like heat, do you?
2,14 no you wouldn't
11,02SUMMER IS HERE, POST WINTER
13humidity will be 50% or higher
summer was here 2 weeks ago
panda: why shhh?
Val smash?
13you can't cool off in that kind of air
Shizuka: darn nothern hemisphere being all summery
uh
mario_pony: lmao! Ninjazz said I was lucky
well I love it
but just a heads up, it is 60 bucks
BRING IT ON HEAT
2,14 it doesn't matter
02okay drf, tell me of you can find a RMG for free :P
panda: Very lucky... :|
wait what? mario_pony, i dont want val to give him the hammer
2,14 you wouldn't want to see it
Vancouver has had sun for almost a week straight now
high humidity
03RMG?
/me hates that
If anything like Sumica rage, probably not.
Ninjazz, no... im telling you, just read a CF and fall asleep, im sure your dreams will be of pony.
13this house has no ventilation... once it gets hot, it stays hot
/me shivers in the cold of the southern hemisphere
Ninjazz: or, think about wreks drawing from earlier
02Rights managed
i miss high humidity... its always so dry...
13and we don't have the financial stability right now to afford putting the ACs in
:O
that sucks Shizuka
03EW DIGITAL RIGHTS MANAGEMENT
/me hugs DeathStar till she is warm
we dont technically have summer here.....its the rain season
Our furnace is breaking down... :S
03That's the whole point of pirating it, you *DON'T* have to deal with that cra
03p
oh wow
panda: oh you
13i'd prefer rain
11,02Summer is the time when we are closest to the sun, about 10 feet above its surface. Turns out eating your vegetables keeps us from burning up.
panda: Its just not that easy, my friend. Something keeps me from falling asleep and dreaming easily.
Shizuka: well, sounds like a reason to run around in shirts and shortss and just imto random pools ^^
ewwwwww vegetables
daaaang this game is gonna be long
thank god
13yeah we don't have any around here
MahBoi777: carrots are awesome!
love long games
Eat your veggies or I will vapourise into thin air
Shizuka, :(
Shizuka: make one?
13nearest pool is 10 miles away i believe
SuperBrony64: still not a good enough reason
vegetables, mah only weakness
ugh
Shizuka: geebus, where the hell do you live?
i live in the basement so hot weather doesnt effect me
13northern twin cities minnesota
Actually, I enjoy veggies :3
I live on an Island, the beach is always 15 minutes away.
02same Aurora
/me googles minnesota
02seems like my kind of game
who had been in zero gravity
the only vegetable i will eat is cucumbers with lemon and salt
Shizuka, ok would it creep you out that I may be transfering there?
Shizuka: How about nearest thousand lakes? :3
MahBoi777: eating greens is a speacial treet they make long ears and grate big feet
I don't think there's a beta open for trial anymore
lol
xD
otherwise I'd say try it
Lol good one DeathStar
13hell is pretty accurate... upper 90s and godawful humid in summer, -10s to -20s in winter
MahBoi777: it's just a bambi quote is all
oh wow, your not too far from deserts
12I've got Minecraft now :D
Bambi is a neat movie
03wait about a week and I'm sure someone will crack the DRM
Never seen it.
DeathStar: whatd u say
haven't seen bambi in forever
ValtheJean, are the "main" characters still the original generation ones?
spoiler: Bambi's mom dies
Shizuka, disregarded mah question xD
Midnight_Tempest, :<
13the badlands is probably why so few good storms get here
Spoiler: Bambi is male
Midnight_Tempest: hahaha
Midnight_Tempest: Time for some venison.
Shane377: scroll up it's too long for me to be bothers typeing it
mmm... venison
I HATE hot weather
13so need to move back to illinois... the politics are crap but at least i can handle small towns and their weather
2,14 the main characters are always OG
Kthx!
meh 2 far DeathStar
oh gosh, illinois?
02drf, I've payed for every game I have and I'm not going to start not paying for them now
02paid*
13grew up in normal
panda: u gotta stop hugging DeathStar she might get the wrong idea
So, you're German but live in USA? I am short minded it seems.
13before moving to phoenix, then up here
03<BlueFlare> okay drf, tell me of you can find a RMG for free :P <- well you asked..
Shane377: O///o
I went to school in Normal, Shizu
the weather is generaly better where i am, but melbourne weather is like pinkie pie
Shizuka: you've been around huh?
03it's more the *concept* I refuse to pay for. I'm more than happy to buy games that don't restrict what you can do with them
/me sneaks up on DeathStar and glomps her
wow
Sudden gainaxing
03but games like Diablo 3, if your internet connection goes down or if THEIR SERVERS go down, you get kicked off
this is hot
03>_>
jiggle again XD
Midnight_Tempest: you so sneeky
som one kick him
I've only ever lived in Vancouver, although I have family all over the world
dat nick
02well, I didn't anyone has ever been able to crack those
03and that's just completely unacceptable
03Um
03give me an example.
inb4 kick/ban
Okie Dokie Lokie...
THIS IS SO HOT
wtf
13technically i grew up in bloomington but it's attached to normal so close enough
Indeed.
yeah that was rather frustrating
dat kick
this is just like dissdia ....a combination of various characters from different series in one game.....i wish they would make more game like this
._.
03and it's only going to get worse LOL
wait for him to come back...
02I didn't know*
ugh
hey hey Shizuka
I load up the stream to jiggle physics. Because that's how a drill works!
wait, im not sure what happened who got kicked? and for what?
UGH
there he is
I was playing in my room, my room is rather notorious for having an awkward dead spot at my bed
03Ubisoft did something like it, their servers went offline for a whole weekend
Allo everypony.
03hilarity ensued
the internet cuts out
Go away, suckmydick :[
heya Meanwhile
meh
hello Meanwhile
panda: scroll up
Meanwhile: omg you missed it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hey, Meanwhile.
I don't have it out for people like you do though
Ohai Meanwhile!
lol
so I tend to be positive and not get irked with things
hi Meanwhile
03I just do my research before I buy stuff XD
one more come on... wanna see that ban
I did too
03if I read it has DRM
panda: suckmydick did for haveing an inopropriate nick
03I just go
03no9
I still wanted it :/
panda: Missed what? :o
Dat ban? Gewd.
DeadpoolDash: ah i see
03and you couldn't wait for a cracked one? LOL
Meanwhile, wrek drew you ;)
6how many times should i repeat
6I
6DIDN'T
6PAY
EWWW DeathStar
6FOR IT
DeathStar: :D
Goaal! 30hours :p
panda he did replace him with a pole
02who did?
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lzv470O6X01qkpzgto1_400.jpg dafuq?
dats disgustin DeathStar
Well, then. Somepony who complies
ooh hes changed his name
Chrysalis: shhh.... dont tell him
I already dread to know what he drew me doing.
imagine a game that had all...and i mean ALL different character in that one game....HOW COOL WOULD THAT BE
lol
6I traded in used games, I got 100 dollars in credit due to insane bonuses since i put it towards D3
/me dances AFK for a bit
Meanwhile got drawn?
derpy_pony: omg... WHY WOULD YOU
6bought it along with a couple other things
derpy_pony: why would you post that...
I miss everything...
Ninjazz: yes lol
02ah
6there was absouely no downside to this
:D
Ninjazz yeah, he was with trixie
12wonderful
I though so.
6I have NO reason to be upset in any part of this situation
Ninjazz: hehe getting a lap dance from trix
Of course.
LOL
03well basically you had to give up games you could have made actual money from? :P
:D
ohai Nick
03but whatever
And who requested that exactly.
Meanwhile: you know you liked it :D
the chat is full of foolish people today...
I saw that coming.
6uh
derpy_pony: meh, i've seen worse stuff in fanart :D
Meanwhile no one did, he just drew it
derpy_pony thats disgusting
I think Wrek said he would do that Meanwhile.
/me hugs OtakuTom
6you know what nevermind
6not worth my time
Really? He did that without any prompting?
NO! NOT SB
hmm
Meanwhile: nope, just went ahead and drew some awesome stuffs
<-- SuperBrony64 has quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)
2,14 sheesh...I try to have a nice relaxing stream and have to deal with all these idiots -_-
o3o
Poor Val .__.
ValtheJean: im sorry :/
....
Bronystate problems Val :(
ValtheJean, not sure what to do, cant hug you :(
ikr ValtheJean... and we are trying to enjoy your stream too...
Indeed.
hmmmmm
im leaving
MAXIMU GIGA!!!!!
bye
Wow! Look at that damage!
bye MahBoi777
I'm having fun watching the game...gotta find some way to stay awake while at work :P
oops
Dat Gurren Langan
2,14 inb4 we have to mute the chat, and then voice the people who AREN'T misbehaving
02Drf, it’s fine if you want to pirate stuff yourself but why get mad at other people for not doing so?
mario_pony: lol curses
02Plus some people like having a case and everything like me
Oh ok
ValtheJean: mute the chat?
Where was Gondor when behaving was a minority?
i'm not misbehaving am i?
/me behaves like a good boi
that would make things alot easier for the people that want to enjoy this...
03it's more that I laugh when people pay for something and then whine when it doesn't work because they didn't realize they were buying something with DRM :P
Is it that hard to behave?
nope
6I wasn't whining -_-
03I never said YOU were
not at all
I don't know most of these faces
not at all
some peopel are just stupid i guess
panda: +m is the mute function for all irc chats... makes it so only certain people, like mods can talk
lol
people*
I can't pretend I have any idea what's going on in this game beides giant robot battles, and I think I've heard "giga drill breaker" somewhere before.
Midnight_Tempest: hm... I didnt know :D
Polydunami: then you're not a giant robots nerd :D
Still, it's pretty entertaining.
Well, I know Zero and the Gurren Lagann gang
yup
02Did you know that you can just call customer support when DRM gives you problems and they'll fix it?
03no
03you can't.
02I did so when 1404 AD stopped letting me install it and they fixed it right away LOL
panda: now you do, so if you ever see just mod colours in the chat... its most likely a +m event
dat music
i know it from somewhere
03LOL, go call Ubisoft and complain about their always-on DRM, I dare you
Midnight_Tempest: alright thank you for the heads up ^^
2,14 Code GEASS
Eh.
Is that a robot dragon?
I recognize about...half...of characters.
ValtheJean: l where?
Oh yeah, Kallen!
Phase4: its O2 the opening for R2 ^^
robot dragon ftw
6didn't ubisoft basically quit life though
2,14 on the stream
I like Kallen :3
Meanwhile: an ENEMY robot dragon :D
the part of the song i recognise is in that video with the people and stuff
/me cant describe it
03ys
03*yes
02they always fix it for you when you call them. I've done so quite a few times already
03but they didn't re-release those games
2,14 I have a robot dragon myself
this bit'
Phase4: want me to link you?
i recognize pretty much all the characters... but never watch Code Geass... thought it was too over hyped
03dude
Kallen was the only reason why I watched Code Geass
03IF THEIR SERVERS GO DOWN
2,14 I'll use him first during my turn
panda, sure
03THERE IS NOTHING THAT CAN BE DONE
03Or if your connection goes down
03you know what they tell you?
03"Fix your connection"
02derp
I don't recognise anything at all. But it's still pretty neat. I like the animation.
02then you just wait rather than never playing it?
So who's... Dieria? However that's spelled?
03I think you saying "derp" is your way of saying "I acknowledge you're right but I'm too dumb to admit when I'm wrong"
I dunno
Meanwhile: Ikr
thanks Japan lol
6BlueFlare, you're missing a point though lol
03yeah
03that's not them fixing it at all
Ikr.
03that's you having to sit there and do nothing at a game that YOU paid for
6games like TF2 and Minecraft run mainly for the internet connection
03when if you just pirate it, no problems
Its a pretty good looking game.
03uh
Oh yeah! I know Eureka Seven as well.
6but they're completely capable of having offline capabilities
03I play Minecraft entirely offline o_O
i also never watched Eureka 7...
me neither
I've not watched Eureka Seven, but I recognize the characters. I wouldn't have picked out the mech as being from the series, though.
03or at least most of the time XD
suddenly anime
6minecraft is lesser of an example, but i use it because i never play single player
I haven't finished that one yet
6I only ever play on a sever
2,14 it only appears at the end of the show
6server
03well yeah
2,14 and in the shitty movie
03but you *can*
Phase4: this whole game is robot anime :D
In all seriousness val, what is the aim of this game?
6that's my
03unlike TF2 which basically doesn't have a point in single player
I didn't really like Eureka 7...
6point.
What have i walked into
2,14 unfortunately this game follows the movie story line
6meh
MaidSurge, good point
03or WoW or something :P
6don't argue about it
6it was an example.
2,14 Golakka: the aim is enjoy giant fucking robots
Amen.
03I wasn't, I was just saying
why are robots fucking
03carry on LOL
WOO
6anyways
that sounds pornographic
lol Galloran.
-_-
I mean, story wise, Save the world? Do things to the king robots daughter?
6Diablo III legitimately can not be run without an internet connection of some sort
2,14 basically:
its a game of giant robots, blowing up other giant robots... what is not to enjoy?
2,14 all of the animes storylines weave into one
or is it totaly random robot killy lazor fun time?
whats with all the ping timeouts
02Well, I guess you could always pirate it after buying the disk? That’s about as far as I’d ever go
well goodnight everypony!
2,14 with one major threat that they all have to deal with as a team
03and their servers have to not be overloaded
6even moments of low connection like with my room, the game basically froze like when your connection times out on TF2
Night mario_pony.
Gnight mario_pony
6I had to wait
see you all tomorow
Goodnight mario_pony :)
gnight mario_pony! sleep well
03LOL
03well
i cant understand japanese/chinese/korean
6there's no reason to pirate a disc you already own
03the whole idea is that I *don't* want to be giving my money to companies that are going to do that crap
You don't have to.
So it's an über canon crossover mechsplosion.
just watch/
I've been noticing them as well, Phase4.
03because then they just go
just watch and enjoy...
there are dozens of SRW games, and dozens of animes brought into each one apparently... good luck ever figuring it out!
Also, hey Galloran didn't see you there :S
03"Hey look, tons of people bought it! Let's keep it up"
Meh, who needs story
:^3
/me hugs Shizuka
robots with lazers
6I'm still now sure why Blizzard decided to set it up that way, but whatever
02drf, people like you are the reason they do that stuff :P
03but hey, Diablo 3 has terrible ratings because people actually care
03um
03"people like me"?>
whoa....
6uh
03You mean the people who actually ENJOY their games?
03and in no way actually cared?
03-d
dat dodge
6I enjoy my games
6please remove that statement
03fine
That mech has daft feet.
03You mean the people who actually ENJOY their games without interruption?
wow my chat just extream derped
... punch him in the face dont use a damned laser
Also almost all actions trigger a counter from the opposing side
6lol.
although i dont recognize that mecha...
03my point being
I can read kana, but not kanji. So I know that's Kurou
03Nothing is impossible to crack.
03It's been proven time and time again
6lets just all agree that we have different opinions here
2,14 time for MY dragon bot
yay!
6this literally is trying to lick your way through a brick wall
03Warner spent like 20 million dollars on some fancy new anti-piracy method for The Dark Knight
YES
6it's not happening
Dat dragon bot.
03and what happened? It only took 12 more hours for rips to show up
What in Oblivion is THAT?!
0320 million dollars for 12 hours.
Japan
03That's called failing at life.
That one is way cooler.
hmm, they need a pony bot
:D
It's been a while since I studied Japanese, so I'm lucky if I'm able to accurately read kana ^^;
Song... Oh god the song ruins it.
Ninjazz: yes i know :D
i like the song, its pretty smooth...
Oh god, this song xD
Fire ALL the little red things.
It's... nice.
so happy
When I see a dragon on screen... I ain't asking for much... Just not this...
but i dont recognize the anime its from
That barely hurt it
tis but a scratch
Those aren't lasers are they. They don't sound like lasers.
6thank you battlenet for giving me a code I can remember OTL
They sound like a kind of kinetic energy blade.
Meanwhile: needles im assuming
02You also have to worry about getting a $250,000 fine for something you could have spent $60 on
oh dear lord
suddenly wingmen
Is that John Lennon?
dat Macross
...
Sparkle Sparkle Sparkle.
Basara is John Lennon ;)
03first of all, that fine is for MOVIES, not games
02and they do like to hand pick people
03second of all, trolololololol9ol
You tell me that doesn't look like John Lennon.
03the only people they sue are single mothers and 90 year old blind guys
03:P
Ninjazz: TWILIGHT TWILIGHT TWILIGHT
Looks more like the old Harry Potter to me.
02that is
Meanwhile, it doesn't look like John Lennon
02kind of true
02XD
You're WRONG
The glasses, though
03not just kind-of
No im not
03the only people the RIAA has made examples of
/me dances off to head dinner
03in the past couple years
you told me to tell you it doesnt
03were a single mother and a blind guy they accused of pirating porn
so your argument is invalid
03er, MPAA rather
DINNER, DeathStar.
Ninjazz: hehe i remember when I had dinner once XD
02wait, so that really happened? LOL
just once?
03yes
INTENSE STARE
Oki! Im exhausted, Going off to bed, Nighty night
Galloran: hehe yeah once a day
http://www.johnlennon.com/wp-content/themes/jl/images/home-gallery/2.jpg
Goodnight Golakka :)
Night Golakka.
Golakka: night night
03the guy was legally blind
Also ;) is best pony
12how can a blind person use the inrernet?
o/
03and they said his IP was downloading porn illegally
Night gola
03that's the whole point.
12*internet
Meanwhile: JOHN F**KIN LENNON
02well, lets hope you're not blind
Exactly.
/me hides
Ninjazz: lol thanks for saying that I wasn't paying attention
12lol
Celestia is best pony >:3
03I'm totally unable to read what you just said
03due to my blindness
03sorry
yes rarity is best pony ^
You're welcome, MahBoi777. :D
6how'd you respond
panda: why is John fucking Lennon?
xD
6anyways
03uh
Pinkie Pie is best pony.
6uh
03braille keyboard
i dont think lennon enjoys that
/me runs
12I'd be hard pressed to draw this well with no sight
Galloran: O_o
6braile screens now?
indeed Meanwhile
6that should happen...
Wow, that obliterated the robot dragon
Huh? Twilight is best pony. My favorite is Rarity.
12lol
/me 6trololol
12actually
I love how every attack is this little video scene... game takes forever and is shameless
lies, Luna is best pony
02that would be cool XD
12good idea
03that would be pretty difficult to do
No.
12but how?
6that would be awful
dat Aquarion... and its moon pawnch
03because you'd have to have a way for the dots to retract when you scroll
03yeah
Ninjazz: you are now more fabulous! rarity is my fav :D
Dat groin punch
TO THE MOOOOOOOONN
Just kidding. :P
03text to speech is really the more ideal way
dayum
03and vice versa
6^
/me hugs panda
Say hello to Luna for me!
MOOOOOON PPPPAAAAAAAWWWWWWNNNNCCCCHHHH
02yeah
6I was about to say that
ANOTHER RARITY FAN!
6anyways
HUZZAH!
12mind readers
12all of you
THE RARITY FANS HAVE BEEN DOUBLED!
xD
From 1 to 2.
That was Celestia's mech right? :D
02either way, that still would be pretty neat
02XD
Btw, Polydunami, Celestia is most misuderstood pony. :( I love her though.
FIRE THE PONY MISSILE!
6admittedly I'll be a little more careful with downloading stuff if the US decides so go through with its stupidity
6but for the most part
I liek Celestia :3
i like Rarity... she just isnt my fav pony...
6I don't give a crap about things
Ninjazz: well... yeah... shes not a troll or a molester... shes does have a nice plot though XD lmao jk
Shaddap, Meanwhile.
6it's not like i pirate everything either
03I basically relay it all through Germany :D
6I buy a lot too
/me runs
^_^
03well same here
Meanwhile: shush you!
03I actually have a quite large legal movie collection
didnt even notice your comment!
6^
03and you should see how much I waste on Xbox Live
Eh. Rarity fans are just like diamonds.
03like the arcade games
xD
Rare.
Mazinger!
Ninjazz: hehe
03it's more, if it's easy enough to pirate it I will
12I pirated Flash ._.
Ninjazz: Shiny and good for drilling?
i can see it now... it takes 3 people to pilot Aquarion... Celestia, Luna and Cadance...
03if not, and it's not insanely expensive, I'll buy it
lol
03almost nobody buys Adobe software
Ninjazz, your relating Rarity fans to a precious material
6I pirated CS5 photoshop
03because it's insanely expensive
Rarity is one of the better ponies in my opinion
6but then my dad bought me a legir copy
Galloran: you're*
6legit
6so I was like sure
Meanwhile: i hope you didnt mean that pervy :|
12fair enough
6my Flash is legit too
Meanwhile: ...What?... :D
Meanwhile: You
03I had to go through so much nonsense at work
03for upgrading a CS4 to CS5
12lucky you
6but I have cracked CS3 After effects
Dem pings.
03it was a legal copy too
damnit keyboard
12I have CS6.
6and cracked TV Paint
Lol
03honestly, when it comes to software, piracy is usually easier LOL
6and cracked Win7
In all honesty, the only pony I truly don't like is Trixie.
03since you don't have to deal with activation
anyone know how to fix the Enter key on a keyboard
03wait what
02I payed like $300 for photoshop CS5
03when did you get Windows 7
panda: It's only pervy if you're dirty minded.
this things to damn easy to hit
6and cracked toon boom
02paid*
6uh, my friend
Ninjazz: Agreed, but I also rather dislike Blueblood.
12I still like XP
03OK well LOL
Meanwhile: O_o were you here when I explained my dream? D: XD
6he basically handed his hard drive to me and was like "take whatever"
03I can get as many legit Windows serials as anybody needs
03so
one does not simply fix the Enter key...
03for those, it's easier to not try cracking XD
03XP is easy to crack
I forget about Blueblood. *adds him to the list*
037 is a nightmare
No panda I wasn't. And considering current context, perhaps that's for the best.
Ninjazz: but... i like trixie, she just wanted to be liked
pfft, sure i do
Meanwhile: xD
i just remove it and get a new one
6I don't even know why I have win7
panda: No... No... No... That is all fanon.
panda: Says who? She's a showboating tart.
03but it's hilariously easy enough to just abuse their phone activation
Ninjazz: exactly :D
6I don't feel like I'm gonna upgrade tbh
03I've given the same Win7 key to like 20 people
Simon awwww yeah
03and it works fine
03XD
Meanwhile: i mean how the fandom made her....
Fanon is completely irrelevant in my opinion of characters.
holy shit
SIMON! YES!
is that Gurren Lagan
Mostly because it doesn't mean anything.
holy shit
Galloran: yes
lol
Galloran: it sure is
GIGA DRILL BREAKER!
dafuq am i watching!
I hate when people adore Trixie for her fanon when ponies like Celestia get crap for absolutely no good reason.
11,02i liek poniez :3
dis be some hawt porn
^^^^^^^
Ninjazz: hehe i know right?
SuperBrony64: moo.
your watching awesomeness Galloran
We know SuperBrony64 :)
11,02Meanwhile: I see...Moo :>
Midnight_Tempest: you're*
A WILD SuperBrony64 HAS APPEARED!
11,02O.o
Ninjazz: i don't like Celestia... but i love Molestia :^D
Meanwhile: shush you nazi bastard
xD
Ninjazz: thats because celestia could do so much more but she is stuck being a troll
:/
SuperBrony64: how come you chime in at random times?
Wanting to spread education of correct grammar doesn't make me evil.
Ninjazz: I blame certain fanfics about Celestia
DED
11,02panda: CAUSE I can :3
Meanwhile: it makes you a twi-grammar nazi
It's killing and eating my neighbour that makes me evil.
Meanwhile: no but i like to complain so shush
xmasskills|dance: Tell me one good reason she can be considered a troll?
MOOOOOOO!
hehe SuperBrony64 it kinda surprises me, cuz you are blue XD
MahBoi777: I blame the haters.
Ninjazz: her troll actions
/me pokes Cow's nose
xmasskills|dance: And that would be?
now i have my own windows 7 key
XD
02I'd want one if I ever got a macbook
11,02I am blue O.o
02XD
/me dropkicks SuperBrony64
Ninjazz: you dont remember the tea incident?
12Roara
SuperBrony64: Da ba di da ba dy?
How is that a troll joke?
03I totally wouldn't put it past you to buy one either, BlueFlare -_-
12never upgrade to Windows 8
Ninjazz: the tickets from episode three and tricking the cakes with the whole tea thing
03LOL
12it's ugly
03Well Windows 8 isn't even OUT yhet
03*yet
Ninjazz: it is lol, but not like internet troll xD
12I know
12but still
That was just a prank, the tea incident
Ninjazz: she knew very well the cakes would freak out
Oh wow. She reacted like a normal person would under circumstances they don't like.
12it sucks already
/me retreats to his bridge
03I know
yell at M$ already
03but it's also a beta
SuperBrony64, no your not, you're cyan and blue
03I should
Whos talkin about trolls?
*CP
I thot the tea thing was funneh
MahBoi777: it was ^^
xmasskills|dance: How was she supposed to know that her friends wanted to go? And no she didn't she was trying to be normal... She wanted to break the ice.
03same thing
People are way harsher to Celestia than they should be.
nononon
^
^^
People need to think.
Dialogueeeeee
02don't worry drf, I'd rather have a Sony
02:3
And way less harsh to Trixie than they should be ¬_¬
Ninjazz: then explain her sudden disapearance when nightmaremoon came and all of a sudden shes back when she is defeated?
03LOL
LOL SORNY
Stupid tart that she is.
03Ew brand name computers
I KNOW RIGHT?!?!?!
lol
03seriously, build your own
03it's fun
03and cheaper usually
Agreed on both Meanwhile
panda: Imprisoned in the sun.
FREAKIN PEOPLE NEED TO FREAKIN THINK!
13think
Meanwhile: doubt it ^^
i wouldn't say it's fun,
13think think think
but it's def. cheaper
13i need a thinking spot
it's only cheaper if you don't break any of the parts during building
dat Shizuka thinking :D
/me runs
panda: If you're going to just doubt it, don't even ask.
Meanwhile: Fried Celestia Kabobs
6convenience
well, that too
think think *click click*
03I actually *enjoy* building computers
Meanwhile: XD
03just like people enjoy working on their cars
6I dont
03but maybe I'm just weird?
03hey
6most eople don't tbh
03LL managed to
Seriously.
Shizuka, are you Winnie the Pooh? :D
Meanwhile, we arent fighting are we?
6managed
03if she could do, anybody can
03:P
Did she just say "thank you" in German?
6sorry I don't have time to waste on that
panda: Never explained. But knowing Nightmare Moon, she probably made her an equal prison on the Sun.
Polydunami: no in japanese
03takes like 2 hour LOL
O____O
03*s
dat kill
6no thanks
Ninjazz: lol XD
In German, Thank you is Danke
6I have my computer anyways
I think
Ninjazz: well the cakes were already freaking out and even if she was trying to break the ice it was like setting off a bomb in a structually unsound building
Ninjazz: Mayhaps she was tied up somewhere...
6and I need to get a tablet PC anyways, gonna look over the summer
I will never understand why people take fanon and slap it on the canon as if it can in any way actually apply. It's tragic.
and now I know why he wasn't piling on the boss with everyone
xmasskills|dance: she was only trying to release some tension
xmasskills|dance: She was trying to be friendly...
13yes, german thank you is danke
Ahem
Shizuka, you know german?
Finding a Brony meetup near Montreal is hard :'(
its Danke Shoen if im not mistaken
Dancke schön.
U sure?
13took three years of it
02I bet drf knows how to make those
danke*
/me hides
03no
canon>fanon :/
CrimsonPhoenix: san diego is much harder XD
03I only build desktops...
Ninjazz: i understand that but sometimes its better to leave things be
lol really?
Thanks. I have German friends so can't hurt to know the language
6I sure what
02I know
Shizuka: oh my, you mods are awesome, everyday i learn something awesome about you all ^^
03as for laptops, I had mine custom made for me
And I'm fairly sure Danke schön is the equivalent of "thank you very much"
03but by a store
13the schoen is a modifier, essentially "very"
xmasskills|dance: So keep having her drink the damn tea till she became a bloated ballon?
MahBoi777: Cannon>canon>fanon>ganondorf
03It wouldn't be too hard to make a laptop if they actually sold empty laptop cases to the public :P
13also gets used as "pretty"
also
/me took several years of German against his will and feel asleep in lessons.
13as in good to look at
Oh yeah
6I don't really have need to build a computer anyways
Ninjazz: she could have very well set the cup down
GANON :|
i cannot read anything thats on stream
6my dad has so many stockpiled in his company
/me wishes he had taken German, he loves the language so much
03can I have some
/me runs
13that might be the prime definition for it and it just gets tacked together with danke to be "thank you very much"
xmasskills|dance: xD
6I get pretty much anything I need if I need it
3woo~
Phase4: But look at the pretty lasers.
6no
xmasskills|dance: Listen, she wants to be loved. She likes being in the company of people. She wants to be among "friends". See the word? FRIENDSHIP?
02*WB03(Ray03)02WB* - <Ray> 02I'm a walking CDC nightmare, It makes me want to hug someone
3I'm riding the netspliet~
xmasskills|dance: Oh don't get petty...
Ninjazz, xmasskills|dance you arent fighting are you?
Set the cup down?... Really?...
3is it finally...
SlurryMoon: netsplit for reals?
13twilight server finally going down?
3nevermind
Shizuka: WHAT?
Ninjazz: yes set the cup down
02Aurora, ignore drf
02Can I have one? :D
13seems it's been flaky for a while now
is it really that hard
Celestia's cake addiction lol
Why do people have to sort out all these context rules to make Celestia look like a troll. She's a monarch who just wants to hang out with her ponies.
Thats's it?
/me flees
/me yaaaaaaawns
^
02Morning everyone~ :3
Shizuka: really? how? I was on it yesterday lol
SlurryMoon, your on twilight, servers having problems aparently
Phase4: you're*
Meanwhile, :<
Ok, need a shower, brb people
/me hugs Meanwhile
Meanwhile: "Hang Out"... i have been reading to much Molestia, that sounds wrong now
13my pingout earlier put me on fluttershy in chicago finally, nothing on my modem or router log to suggest comcast was behind the pingout
/me hugs Phase4.
6Parsee is essentially the guard of the bridge between the surface world and the underground world, basically hell. She's called princess of jealousy, being able to manipulate the jealousy in others, she gained this power through her own jealousy of travelers who walked by her as she guarded the bridge.
xmasskills|dance: Do you understand just how... silly that is? Are we even thinking about the same pony?
comcast is a horrible company Shizuka :/
Meanwhile: thats unorthodox and why doesnt she just use some of her immense powers to transform or some shit to mingle like a regular person
13it really is
I live in Vancouver so why am I on the Rarity server?
xmasskills|dance: Why should she have to do that.
i dont know what server im on...
/me facehoof
I live nowhere NEAR London
What's the lesson in "Hide your true self to fit in"
Ninjazz: yes and you are being equally silly
Shizuka, if you dont mind me asking, what region on you in?
Midnight_Tempest, /whois Midnight_Tempest will tell you
London, England that is
Midnight_Tempest, your on applejack btw
xmasskills|dance: No, man. You are thinking of some kind of Marry Sue.
Phase4: you're*
panda, that's the Minnesota region
Phase4: sweet
Shizuka: oh wait.... shoot i know
Polydunami: yeah i totally forgot she said she was in minn
13told you..
Meanwhile, i will probably get that wrong all night
Perfect in everyway possible.
lol
Ninjazz: give me an example as to why im thinking of mary sue
Phase4: That's fine, I'll correct you all night.
Meanwhile, brohoof? /)
"I don't always watch animes... but when i do, i prefer to do it on BronyState. Stay Manly my friends"
Meanwhile... ur not gunna stop meh fram talkingz badz...
Phase4: Yes. Brohoof. (\
03LOL album covers with random anime characters on them
xmasskills|dance: You just think that she should just disguise herself with some spell and be amongst other ponies?
yay.
XD
03http://a2.mzstatic.com/us/r1000/023/Music/a7/db/fb/mzi.hdeuqfmh.600x600-75.jpg
ValtheJean is best grammar nazi
lies
Ninjazz, xmasskills|dance, just drop it... I dont like it when you two fight :'(
...;n;
Ninjazz: why the fuck not she does have some fucking supposed incredible powers that never come in handy
damn grammar nazi's... no sense of humor
dat global message
panda bro let me deal with this
ooooo
dat message
grammar nazis are funneh
2,14 Midnight_Tempest: says the guy who couldn't take a joke kick :P
xmasskills|dance: Again, what's the message of that? "Hide your true self to fit in with people" doesn't exactly seem in keeping with the whole friends thing.
xmasskills|dance: but, you are laying F bombs now :/
ValtheJean: lol touche
02If I get a new desktop it'll probably be a Lenovo
xmasskills|dance: Because she wants to be normal. Why does she need to hide herself from anyone?
lazors
03why?
Half of the Grammar Nazis are trolls
To many arguments! i can't pay attention!
Ninjazz: how are you so sure she wants to be normal
02Lenovo is awesome, that's why :P
>_(\
xmasskills|dance, its only speculation :/
03not as awesome as getting to say you made it yourself
xmasskills|dance: same reason you're apparently so sure she's a troll ¬_¬
xmasskills|dance: Because of the so called "troll" incidents you seem to be over exagerating.
03I have a sticker on my computer saying "don't forget to be awesome", your argument is invalid
/me hides
STOP FIGHTING ABOUT IT!!!!!!!!
02lmao
PLEASE!!!!!!! :'(
This isn't fighting, this is debate.
I had no idea we were in a netsplit right now
03it came with the Alex Day CD I bought
03DFTBA is their "record label"
03:P
03and >independent music
03I actually support those people
Meanwhile: yes thats right so Ninjazz is being equal to what he is saying he dislikes
Meanwhile, well xmass was droppin F bombs :/
BAH HUMBUG
panda i was not
6WAIT,
I am.
6what
6it's midnight
6no
6it's almost 1
6wtf
Hey, everypony. New brony here. :)
03LOL
6I was going to go to bed at 11:30
02almost 2 here
Welcome to the herd WALL-E_EVE.
woot, 00 Riser
Welcome, WALL-E_EVE :)
hey WALL-E_EVE
throws an H bomb into chat
I don't like Trixie, I like Celestia. I think for OBVIOUS reasons I can be justified for that.
xmasskills|dance: k ^^ I just dont wanna see my bro fighting ya know?
02welcome to the club :3
MahBoi777: heck?
/me pours a mug of cider and hands it to WALL-E_EVE :3
6dude
6I'm in animation
6I pretty much run the club
ohai WALL-E_EVE, help yourself to the buffet. :)
/me dances on WALL-E_EVE s head "welcome"
Hello, WALL-E_EVE.
Thanks very much! Appreciate it!
ziggy boogy doog!
New to the herd, WALL-E_EVE?
03depends on which club :P
6but I was up most of all night
6so I was gonna sleep early tonight
Just branded myself a brony yesterday. ^^
03as was I LOL
12 5:40 pm here
03hence why I napped earlier
As a roundoff of the whole Trollestia scenario, I find the Celestia is a troll jokes amusing, but when people try to make it out as her canon personality I put my palm through my face.
03and got so disoriented
02this is the stay up all night talking to drf club
6I kinda napped on the front lawn for a couple minutes
03because I'm just that cool
03LOL
WALL-E_EVE: well welcome to the herd
03I'd be scared to nap in a public place
03since around here
WELCOME WALL-E_EVE
12yes you are
03I would probably wake up and have no wallet
6decided hey I'll go to bed at 11:30
03or anything else
12:c
6then I played diablo
WALL-E_EVE: branded?
6whoops
12lol
WALL-E_EVE: So, what made you become a brony? :)
6see
Lil Miss Rarity branded.
6the art department
Meanwhile: wait what?
Polydunami: Lol no idea
6people are scared of us I think
panda: dont delve to much some people just have their kinks
6there's campus
6and then there's us
My lame pun relating to how cattle are branded by a particular owner.
03that's like us with engineering
03or well
03at umich
6we stay in our own corner
>_>
03here the entire school is engineering
xmasskills|dance: oh hehe
Because in my head, H-bomb = mushroom cloud
6and basically, everyone in the art department knows who I am
panda: If you don't know who Lil Miss Rarity is, better we leave it that way.
WALL-E_EVE: well. you got a tat?
xmasskills|dance: Look, man. I know Celestia isn't everyone's favorite but I just don't want people to just think Celestia as the wrong pony. You do know that she gets so much crap for no good reason.
6and knows 1) not to mess with me, and 2) not to wake me up
Meanwhile: omg tell me!!!!!
6so I'm pretty safe
panda: No. Don't ask. Trust me.
03well you know people
TRUST. ME.
/me dances on WALL-E_EVE s head
03I'm that guy nobody knows on campus
TAKE THIS FROM ME.
Ninjazz: please? :'(
6not to mention I was with 5 other people
03due to >social issues
6we broke pinatas too
6and such
03LOL
6crap
Polydunami: I was remembering that Demented cartoon movie that was on bronystate yesterday lol
6today was a long day
No, no tat. Just figuratively. lol
Ninjazz: i dont hate celestia i just feel like with all that POWAH she could be so much greater
02same drf
6not sleeping really throws off your sense of time
just tell him... i want to see someone scarred for life again
03I know
03napping does too
03I woke up at 9PM going wait, today's not a Fridya?
6everyhitng that happened today
suddenly boobs
6felt like
03*Friday
6two days ago
yup
and an epic looking mecha
why are there boobs in this robot anime game
6...
why not?
MahBoi777: http://tinyurl.com/76q4x56 Maromi :3
Blue Moon Heaven
cuz japan
6oh geez wait
6tomorrow is friday
6....well, today
Phase4: Because fan service in Japan
6yay :D
xmasskills|dance: She can only be so much, she is only a pony, you know? Anyways, since I know you don't pointlessly hate her, let's just drop it.
03XD
02reminds me of a song
6I'm going to disneyland
WALL-E_EVE: pro tip no.1 if you type part of someones nick in chat and press tab it compleats it for you and pings them when you send it
Japan has a mastery of jiggle physics, it's to be expected really.
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO Meanwhile WHY DID YO SHOW ME!
6and I'm finally gonna see the fireworks up close
panda: because you asked.
Ninjazz: yes lets it was a good debate tho
03oh, you got your pass thingy back?
Polydunami: Lol
xmasskills|dance: I suppose. :S
you asked for it panda...
My rarity... my ppor rarity, Meanwhile :/
DeathStar: Thanks for that. XD
DAMN IT, panda!
02Friday, friday, friday, fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun
/me hides
WHUT THE HELL DID I SAY?!
Ninjazz: :(
03BlueFlare
03we played that on FM radio
WALL-E_EVE: your welcome :)
03just to be silly
03:P
02XD
Ninjazz: dont be such a silly filly no one was offended right and if you were im sorry
03one of our DJs prank called to request it
panda... its like asking about cupcakes and then going to read it... its your own damn fault
2,14 amazing how people DO something when you ask them to -_-
03so we pranked him back and actually played it
Jesus what era is that mech from?
03he came running in like OMG WHY ARE YOU ACTUALLY PLAYING IT
voltron! finally a mech I recognize
03good times :P
Midnight_Tempest: but cupcakes didnt disturb me at all
02lol
03That's like the only fun I get to have around here
2,14 that's not voltron -_-
03is the radio station
I don't think that's Voltron...
POWAH
xmasskills|dance: Do you know just how much crap Celestia gets? :(
hey you mods are you guy going to stream bronycon?
2,14 That's Godmars -_-
wat! gaah
03it's basically a club, except we have the added benefit of actually controlling a radio station too XD
Oh hey RainBowJack :3
Anyways, Welcome Welcome Welcome, WALL-E_EVE! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix7vrluEm4E
11,02IT'S PIKACHU
Dodge.
Ninjazz: there's a stream
Ninjazz: everyone gets their share of crap you know wat they say i let mah haters be mah motivators
PIKACHUUUUU
Shush, Polydunami. >_<
03also LOL age-restricted music videos
6my pass was gone?
panda: yeah it didnt disturb me either... just made me laugh at how badly it was written and edited
No, it's Jigglypuff >:I
PIKACHUUUUUUUU MOOOOOO!!!!
03I'd totally play this song but it's a bit...suggestivce
03-c
03didn't you say they locked you out
03for a couple months
6no they haven't yet
the welcome song is always necessary for new ones
03o
03*oh
6this is the last friday I have
03when does tha..oh
03OK
Midnight_Tempest: XD same here... i didnt see why so many people were like "that made me throw up" like they never seen the SAW movies
6and starting the first week of june, i'm out til august
03which reminds me
6unless i want to pay the 50 bucks for blackout tickets
03I'm quite certain my family is going to do Disneyland
03so
03I should try to stage a picture for splash mountain or whatever
03ZXD
03*XD
Slurry appears to be having issues.
xmasskills|dance: As a Rarity fan, I know that well.
6you should
panda all the grimdark fanfics make me laugh
panda: cause most people that read it were probably young kids...
You make it that time SlurryMoon?
6that reminds me I should get my friend to upload that picture we took last time
panda: What are you two talking about? Cupcakes? :P
3heheh
03do they give you digital ones or do you basically have to scan them?
Midnight_Tempest my little bro read it and he was like... "ok?"
Ninjazz: im an applejack fan really
Spell-of-Gaming: no hehe yeah :D
You alright SlurryMoon?
xmasskills|dance: Aye. But you see, know one really hates Applejack. Just that she isn't much loved.
3heheh, yeah, I'm fine
Applejack is underrated.
panda: I have to agree on this one. Cupcakes was a really damn weak grimdark fanfic.
panda: if i read that when i was 7 i still would've just laughed at it... ive been a twisted person since i was young
Ninjazz: shes my least fav in the mane 6
I like Applejack's voice :3
Finally unloaded the last of my schoolwork off my shoulders, figured I'd check out this stream service for bronies that I'd read so much about.
love dat southern accent
02take a picture of the picture FTW
03no.
panda: Fluttershy for myself.
02XD
Ninjazz: yea but that is just as bad but i find the personalities the fanon gives the ponies are fun
6uh
panda: i have something very important to tell u
Midnight_Tempest: I've seen and heard worse when I was 7 >.> so.....
Such a nice lilt to her voice <3
I'm greeted with Robot Wars. ...Not disappointed so far!
6upload as in from his phone
02I hate it when people do that
6you'll see
^^
Shane377: no not yet
Shane377: whats up?
i like AJ, but Luna is my fav pony... then Twilight... then Trixie
13anyone else having trouble getting to google right now?
I can't say that I have a least favorite of the mane 6...
6you go up to the preview screen, take a photo with your phone, walk away
WALL-E_EVE, it could have been worse.
03ah
panda: i <3 u no homo
03...LOL
/me dances on WALL-E_EVE s head "you should see maid hour"
6you can tell who's from california when they do that
Shane377: ^^ yayz
Shizuka: not here, but I use the uk one.
I just tried google and it worked, Shizu
03well
6since they dont' care to buy a souvenier
As in, G3 ponies
03yeah
xmasskills|dance: That's fine. But I hate it when people get their fanon confused with the actualy canon.
Pinkie Pie is waaaaaay too innocent to do something like Cupcakes. :I
xmasskills|dance: i <3 u 2
03I'm sure we'll just buy it
no homo xmasskills|dance
Shizuka: its comcast ^^
And the .com seems fine as well.
13i
13hate
13comcast
13so much
/me dances on Shane377's head
lol^ ?
What exactly IS comcast?
yay, i has a vhost
DeathStar: u alive?
Shizuka, I'd totally let you use my internet, well if it was mine ^^
02once we did that
comcast is an internet provider
xmasskills|dance: I'm so proud *sniff*
Shane377: nope
03see
02not as fun really
Phase4: Well that's cleared that up.
A cable company if I remember correctly.
03that reminds me of an awesome story from Cedar POint
Ninjazz: well the fanon develops mainly ponies that dont have airtime or sont have personalities of their own
03I had this camera, right
I use Telus
lol DeathStar y iz u so quiet?
03it was just a $20 film camera
03not disposable though, a battery powered film one
Shane377: because shes dancing ^^
Oic.
03well I had it in my pocket
Shane377: because
comcast is like Virgin.
theres less people in australia, so we only have the one jerk provider, telstra
Shizuka... how come you havent switch from comcast? or is it all you can get in your area?
panda: u silly colt who dances quietly
03I get off the roller coaster, and I'm like "holy crap my camera disappeared, did I lose it on the ride?"
13there are no other providers
Shane377: me?
DeathStar: you taught me everything i needed to know sis!!
Fanon is great for developing a background character's personality
03the guy behind me is like "Yeah, it flew out of your pocket... I tried to catch it but we were moving too fast, sorry :/"
/me dances on DeathStar's head
03So I go look at the in-ride photo
13our other options are dialup or satellite, which would be twice as expensive and a third as fast
xmasskills|dance: panda which one of you wants a lift first one to reply back gets a lift
13or reliable
03you see me, and my camera is just suspended in midair about a foot behind me
Shane377: me
yeah... that sucks
Shizuka: wait... they have erm... hold on lemme find the name... but comcast isnt the only one in the twin ciites
03My dad and I were like OMG, that's priceless
xmasskills|dance: Not always true. But the fanon does do that. The fanon also is quick to make HUGE assumptions. Ones that should obviously be wrong, but, is widely accepted instead.
03and bought the photo
same problem with telstra sometimes, they block other providers and charge 10x as much
But it's DAMN bad for shipping. UGH. SHIPPING WARS WITH CHEERIMAC AND FLUTTERMAC.
Actually, I can't think of a particularly bad isp over here off the top of my head -_^
13they are here
/me lifts xmasskills|dance on to his shoulders
02LOL
03I wish Ic ould find that
I've only ever used BT and they're alright.
03my mom has it somewhere
13there's a DSL provider in the metro but we can't get them
/me puts panda in Shizuka hands lol
fortunately telstra is dying out, right now i'm on another provider
/me dances on Shane377's shoulders
Ugh. People actually fight over characters' relationships :|
Shizuka: grrrr....
wish I had DSL :/
Polydunami: yeah sadly... its sad
lol xmasskills|dance has DeathStar infected u
Very sad.
Ninjazz: yea but that makes the fandom fun
Polydunami: It's a lot funnier because Fluttermac is a hilarious idea by itself.
How so?
Cheerimac shippers thought that their ship was canon :I
xmasskills|dance: In most cases, its extremely annoying, Imo.
/) Ninjazz
Meanwhile, becuase they both are shy?
Shane377: yes but only cause she revived me from the ded because of someones death hug
Shane (\
Whoops
Shizuka, it might be worth setting up a wireless link
Because matching the characters based on them both being quiet makes for a poor relationship.
02I think I would faint if that happened to my camera XD
03well
oh, streams done... panic mode go...
03yeah
6 20 bucks
03I lost all the photos I had taken
xmasskills|dance: oi remeber i gave u allergy curing medicine
Ninjazz: well thats true can you give me an example??
Is that all, Val?
03but it was just some cheap one
6well
6photos yeh
6anyways
03I just got another camera
6I should sleep
6before I get more energy
I mean, is that all, folks?
Shane377: it was inneffective
Seriously, you can try and spin the yarn one way or another but fact is Fluttershy and Macintosh don't have the chemistry.
03seriously, don't be lugging DSLRs on a roller coaster :P
2,14 not quite all
/me gets into the panic room
6which generally happens arund now
ValtheJean: what happened?
I think I know what's coming
xmasskills|dance: Trixie.
/me takes allergy pills
xmasskills|dance: u said it worked did u lie to me :[
2,14 switching my stream method
/me has locked all panic rooms closed, trapping everyone outside
Ninjazz: ok how so?
ValtheJean: ah i see :D
02well, that's why I keep it in its case the entire time XD
Shane377: well i didnt want to make bro bro sad:(
/me holds xmasskills|dance infront of him
dawww
Meanwhile: i dont think any of the characters have chemestry, but I guess the fandom dreams right?
03why would you take a camera like that to an amusement park in the first place
DeathStar: whose older xmasskills|dance or panda ?
Is Cheerimac canon? I don't think so. :I
Uh-oh... I've been in the community for 10 minutes and the discussion is already on pairings. :D
02to go "hurr durr I has a dSLR everyone"
Shane377: me? i think
Shane377: me
Shane377: I dunno
xD
hmmmmm who?
I've never actually seen a Fluttermac moment in the show proper
XD
squirrels are older than both
who to chose
I disagree, some characters do have chemistry, but the canon will never acknowledge shipping of any kind unless it's background ponies.
Play that foonky music is on da wadio :>
i know
I mean, Fluttershy and Big Mac moments
/me 06is listening to 03»» 02Boom, Boom, Boom, Boom!! (Airplay) by Vengaboys on Boom, Boom, Boom, Boom!! (1999) 03«» 0200:38/03:24 [202,02|02,02|02,02|303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 02320 kbps mp3 - 7.81MB (WinAmp) 03««
02na, I've only ever talken mine to a park once ever
Polydunami, i dont think fluttershy and mac are ever onscreen at the same time
Shane377: gimme a sec
Polydunami: Ofc you haven't they've never even talked.
Meanwhile: well... rarity and spike have something i guess xD
03this one's prolly cutting it close, but why not :P
02taken*
Spike is like, 12 years old.
Meanwhile, that's what I mean
I'm going to kill myself
hi BF
dam it mario_pony left
stream is back btw
Also, ponies!
lol
Gurren Lagann ponies
ValtheJean: OMG OMG OMG I DID SOMETHING LIKE THIS!!!!!
xmasskills|dance: She is either portrayed as one of those "insecure" and Just-wanted-to-loved types when in actuality she just wants everyone to revel in her aura of arrogance.
*vastly prefers Spike with Sweetie Belle*
If I'm going to make logic in a cartoon. :I
!weather 54650
02ohai GM
Conditions for Onalaska, Wisconsin at 1:53 AM CDT May 18, 2012: Clear Temp: 65 F/18.3 C Humidity: 43% Barometer: 29.89 Wind: South at 10 mph
lol ponies
Ninjazz: whose insecure lol
hm, the xbox version, the vocals have clapping on it
Shane377: No one.
Sumica: u asleep?
the album version doesn't
WALL-E_EVE: Actually, I wouldn't mind that pairing at all
Ninjazz: liar
03you know what I should play?
#Derpy_Hooves
Ninjazz: jks
FIAL stems
03Pjanoo/Shout from DJ Hero
hi
xmasskills|dance: -__- "no definite proof" are you kidding me.
Polydunami only goes for shipping if he can get a good story out of it ;)
I need assistance
Shane377: Sumica isnt even in the chat list...
Polydunami: I view it, among other things, as a fitting "blood alternative."
you could
03what's the best rip you have?
but >copyright infringmenting?
Sumica: who does one tab him'
???
HowToFryChicken, what with?
03stereo, not quadrophonic
03um
xmasskills|dance: And yet people are willing to fight to the death that it they are true. See where I cam coming from now? :|
Meanwhile: where is this proof yo seem to see
WALL-E_EVE: pro tip no.2! if you type /me at the start you can write in itelics
Mailing list.
03yeah considering I'm warezing all my music
03I don't think anyone cares XD
how does tab work if their not in chat
"There is no definite proof of Trixie being an arrogant tart" Like there's no evidence of the sunrise.
/me dances on WALL-E_EVE s head "like this"
well, it's a commercial game remix
^
cause i did sum then tabbed
hmm, not sure who's awake
Damn.
03I don't care :P
i tried last week, got nothing ; _ ;
03because I mean
/me thanks DeathStar
whats your email?
xmasskills|dance: It's her ENTIRE canon personality.
03they said we're allowed to play videos from YouTUbe
03and stream them on air
dead
Shane377: well, he is there but not as a mod... he's asleep... let him sleep
DeathStar: Oh, cool. Thanks again.
Sumica is here, but not modded
02drf, may I ask how much memory worth of music you have?
SuperBrony64, you here?
02XD
031TBish
Meanwhile: i am talking about there is no proof she is just using arrogance to hide undelying insecurity
dawww
03getting more every day
02LOL
WALL-E_EVE: I'm helpfull :)
Sumica got demoted? :O
03I just downloaded a few EPs for my show
I think Tom forgot :S
02I have like 50GB
DeathStar: :)
03want a song? Pirate the entire discography
03as why not
xmasskills|dance: True, but there's no proof that she IS.
Besides the fanons apparent need to make douchebags more likeable.
Ninjazz: no perhaps so people dont ping him while hes a sleep so he didnt put the @
/me mutes this piece of crap, and replaces with Terminator I theme. Most epic PMV ever now.
Ohai gaiz
realy have to automate this, i'll make sure your email gets put on the list
Meanwhile: Oh, I get it now!
Meanwhile: Ikr.
HowToFryChicken: Watch out
_: <-- ?
I'll Be Back.
GIGA FREINDSHIP DRILL!!!!!
Spell-of-Gaming: Get what?
3Phase4, post that in the staff chat
newsletters have already been sent for this week but you should get next weeks
okay
this isnt crap HowToFryChicken... your opinion is false
SlurryMoon, k
11,02What's up?
I'm not sure that's how pinging works, Shane.
3fluttercry will see it
Meanwhile: therfore it is completely up to fandom to decide
panda: wrong
http://www.mediafire.com/?af2poiqge24o3ex
03imagine if I played this
xmasskills|dance: No. it isn't.
/me 06is watching 03»» 07Fabulous Secret Powers.mp4 03«» 0201:24/04:35 [0202,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|0303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 02~103.11KB/s (27.69MB) 03«» 02MPClassic 03««
ohai SuperBrony64, addition to mailing list
/me hides
Meanwhile: I'm getting what you're saying.
Ninjazz: i mean cause if hes modded he at top of chat list
it might be 1 or 2 days outdated
i sent my email to bronystate@gmail and i has not recieved a newsletter ;_;
That isn't how fiction works.
03they took this 90s pop song and made it upbeat or crap
_ is dari, I believe xD
03*as
but eh, minor fixes
hi guys
Ninjazz: so if he isnt modded then people wont see him at top
Hey, Pinkies4thWall/
hey Pinkies4thWall
You can't just ASSUME that a character is so because you want them to be.
11,02We'll go through the list and add you don't worry.
hi Pinkies4thWall
ohai Pinkies4thWall, didn't see you there. :3
okay
Oh hey Pinkies4thWall :3
Thank you very much
Pinkies4thWall: hehe hiya
hullo 4th
SO MANY PINGS
/me gives Spell-of-Gaming a pair of glasses
Shane377: That still doesn't mean that he won't get pinged.
^_^
02how do you even get so many songs?
02Even if you do pirate a lot of them?
02XD
Ninjazz: just hush
03I just pirate them. LOL
i should be getting to sleep now :0
he's been pirating the internet since 2000
thanks again.
:/
03XD
I has to sleep.
032003, actually
03but yeah
i started waay later
long road trip tomorrow.
night HowToFryChicken
lot of chicken to fry up
them sunnies
goodnite folks
PONY LAGAN PIERCE THE HEAVENS!!!!!!!!
03but I mean, a good majority of mine *are* actually legally owned ones
dafuq is this?
Night.
and remember
I'll Be back.
bai HowToFryChicken
RX-78-SweetieBot, is not big suprise
03the NOW CDs are a great way to fill massive amounts of space XD
Nice kick, HowToFryChicken xD
02^
lol RD almost ate Sea Pony Lyra.
/me f2k Loren & Mash - Thanatos (If I Can't Be Yours) (2chFLAC@896kbps, 31.13mb/4:51)
02true
XD
03hm
Omnom sea pony.
DeathStar: Dinky is cutest pony
03this sounds quiet, I assume you did that so no DRCing?
i will be going everypony i have to do some shop[ping
bye bye
Bye RainBowJack.
night RainBowJack
Cya RainBowJack
Take care.
Shane377: there is no 'cutest pony'
o hai filly PrincessLuna
A gains by -3 in MT
RainBowJack, i misread that as shoplifting
lol, he left
DeathStar: BLASPHEMY
03ah
boom
03so those are the original multitracks downmixed to stereo?
space explosion noises
:P
Phase4: i misread it as shippin
02so you go in CD stores and just buy everything they have?
/me hides
slightly modified
03no?
I didn't misread it :I
I'm just going to put it out there right now: this weekend is going to be a busy one so I won't be coming on here at all throughout
03and k
03it sounds good
Shane377: no it's not the're all adorable
did some un drcing , exciting, eq
03but meh all the random "DJing"
03the scratching stuff
03I mean
hi
k Polydunami
03they make the vocals skip a lot
03that's so retarded
lol Dethklok ponies?
nice
metalacalypse and ponies?
i don't m ind
03it would be nice to recreate a "straight" mashup
03I tried but failed.
time for games ^_^
bbl
That reminds me of the time Phase misread the time valoriens said he would be going groccery shooping with his mom.
Have fun Phase4.
Cya Phase4
I made one without "skipping"
this is silly... i like it... but its sleep timez
Have fun.
im back
later all
bai Phase4
Actually, it's Friday and Saturday. Sunday night is fine
11,02I'm off to bed, night all ^_^
03any good?
but its longer and not exactly matchup to DJH
Gnight Midnight_Tempest. Take care.
Night SuperBrony64.
Goodnight SuperBrony64 ;)
night SuperBrony64|Zzz
night SuperBrony64 , sleep well
Bai SuperBrony64
night SuperBrony64
gnight SuperBrony64|Zzz!
Meanwhile: did you say something while i was disconnected
I lost my nice boats, oh well :P
Gnight SuperBrony64|Zzz! Take care.
so many peeps going to sleep
night Midnight_Tempest
xmasskills: what's the last thing you recall me saying?
Anypony else planning on pulling an all-nighter? (It's 4 A.M. where I am, and I have school in a few hours.)
Not sure if i was here for that, Meanwhile. :S
03got it uploaded somewhere?
lemme check
Ninjazz: http://i.imgur.com/jCrJx.jpg
It's 1am here
I did it a year ago, i uploaded a 128 to SC, but >128
something about how fiction doesnt work that way
xmasskills: werent u gonna link me something?
LOL
It's 9AM here Polydunami.
I know
That is hilarious. :D
its 602 pm here
xmasskills: Yeah that was the last thing I said.
Shane377: 1am here ^^
lol panda
Meanwhile: where are you from again?
/me tucks panda into bed
England MaidSurge.
MaidSurge: UK
gimme some minuites
Shane377: no i played rock paper scizzors with panda and he won so he get to choose who is older
03k
Shane377: <sarcasm> THAT'S A LOT OF HOURS! </sarcasm>
think I'll head to bed too before I fall asleep....again, gnight everyone take care:)
Night MahBoi777.
xmasskills: how did u do it over chat?
xmasskills: we did?
Good ol' British chap :D
Gnight, MahBoi777! Take care, man.
night MahBoi777
Dis PMV!
panda: why do you think i told you to type !rps
Nice choice, Val. :)
Oh hey, it's Ghosties :3
Dat Ghosties.
04Hey hey hey hey hey...hey. Do a search...for...free pizza.
xmasskills: wat is it
OMG Hai Ghosties
Ghosties: I wish
What.
Ahh! It's Ghosties!
this pmv is gonna make me cry
Quick!
everyone giggle!
And he ain't making bloody sense again!
04News is good food for your mind. But I want food...for my mouth.
/me giggles at Ghosties.
/me giggles at the Ghosties
Did it work?
/me pokes Meanwhile 's mustache
This PMV
each time
/me hands Ghosties pizza
/me twitches his nose.
Ghosties: omg hi!
:')
Ghosties: I searched for free pizza, but I got gluten-free pizza. :I
this pmv :'(
2,14 a shame Ghosties, you missed a bunch of awesome
Ghosties: I would buy some pizza for you if we already invented teleport :D
I know right, CrimsonPhoenix.
Lyra!
/me hands Ghosties pizza
Dat ugly.
04Thanks for the pizza everyone
04But what did I miss, Val?
This is one of the better pmvs in my opinion.
Super Robot Wars
Robuts.
This is pretty awesome!
Ghosties: well... you missed ValtheJean pwning, you missed a stripper trixie and some scoota freak out :D
This PMV just shows how you do not need to force lip-sync
Did Val win the scenario?
Wait, panda WHAT!?
2,14 I did
2,14 and Ghosties: GIGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
2,14 DURIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILU
Good job! :D
2,14 BREAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Dat combo breaker.
CrimsonPhoenix: It also shows that you need to use the Hub logo-free versions of the episodes.
Polydunami: huh?
Exactly. That is why I love this PMV so much. It picks the best moments to go along with the song instead of making ponies sing.
Breaks the trend.
panda, are you serious about this "Trixie stripper" thing?
Spell-of-Gaming: THat too, so you won't look like an amature
Or you just made it up?
04@Val:....what
Polydunami: yeah wrek drew a trixie stripper ^^
Ah damnit.
:O
I knew this was coming.
OH GOD
I would love to enjoy G3.5 but
oh god g3.5
And an Applejack stripp... DAMN IT VAL
Egad, more sexy ponies from Wrek
I have to sleep
G3.5 :D
catchy song
Link me to this picture
As I recall, this is only G3.
ponies on stream
2,14 g3.5*
Isn't G3.5 the newborn thingies?
2,14 g3 is princess prominade
proto g3.5
Ah.
You know... I almost slapped myself when I heard myself whistling this.
Meanwhile, thats 3.6
2,14 G3.6 is freaky babies from hell
^
^^^^
Oh really?
DAMMIT
I'm not that knowledgeable on pre-gens.
This song makes me stay here
ValtheJean: have you seen "when im your worst nightmare" ? XD
Meh. I mean, it's not Newborn Cuties or anything.
2,14 I have
This is actually a decent song
All I can say I know for certain is Rainbow Dash always dresses in style.
Okay, so g3 is the Princess crap. g3.5 is the chibby ponies. g3.6 is the abomination?
2,14 imo, you shouldn't call yourself a brony if you don't love this song
This is a pretty decent song for G3.5
Ninjazz: Yeah I think so.
Meanwhile you forgot SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
This is a neat song, actually
CrimsonPhoenix: that's G1 >_>
Ninjazz: you got it.
still Pre gen
gen4**
I didn't even know that g3.6 was a gen. I guess you learn something everyday.
Val: Imo liking this makes you a bad person. But I guess that's how opinions work ;P
its quite ling
xmasskills1: i won
*long
6m45s
04That's cool, Val. I'm not really a brony anyways >.>
wut...
02http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/pokmon-condescending-archer.png
2,14 Neither am I :P
HABAHABA ZOOD ZOOD
I have no idea what's going on.
ZOOT ZOOT**
/me dances
03well
03I could fade it out?
What's the definition of brony anyway?
zoot zoot zoot zoot zoot zoot zoot
hmm
2,14 depends on who you ask
04Ahem
hubbahubbazootzoot
04Let me, Val
People say G3 is bad. Relatively, I beg to differ.
Polydunami: for me it's simply people outside the target demographic that enjoys MLP: FiM
Polydunami: I think it's generally considered to be "someone over the originally intended age range for MLP who enjoys FiM."
Polydunami: Brony is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanów, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.
And that.
and what Kammerjunk said
Whoa.
Kammerjunk: :D
I guess I'm a Polish village then :S
is this swedish?
04Ghosties' opinion on what a "Brony" is: A "Brony" is an individual that loves and tolerates anything and everything whilst throwing out logic or rational reason and/or thought. A "Brony" will typically visit multiple pony sites, including but not limited to EqD, EqD, EqD, and EqD.
lol.
Dat definition.
Do ho ho.
derpy_pony: What Kammerjunk just said? Polish
Sounds about right. yeah!
I'm not a brony to that extent
Ghosties: thats a wonderful deffinition :D
I actually almost never visit EqD
Ghosties you forgot tumblr
04You're lucky, MaidSurge
2,14 which is why I'm no longer a brony
04Very very lucky
Ghosties: I rarely visit EqD. Am I not a brony? :(
I have EqD open right now.
2,14 as the term has evolved beyond me, and its original definition
Thats why I am reluctant to call Gaben and Notch bronies.
The fanfics featured on EqD don't interest me. AT ALL. :I
WOOOT
Ninjazz: am I a brony?
04"Brony" is a term for many young kids that got are more into the fandom and EqD
This song
>.>
panda: I believe so. :S
04Brony doesn't apply to those of us that were around for the beginning or so
HOW DARE YOU GHOSTIES
No sprite for youuuu!
Ninjazz: wait... why that face?
Dat Caramel
Ghosties: there's this neat forum made by goons, it's a place with nice people :D
Caramel is a dancer :3
/me shrugs "Hey man, brony just isn't what it used to be
Caramel is dancing
04"
You're kinda hung up on that term arentcha Ghosties.
it changed...like the word troll
panda: I mean I love you to death for being a Rarity fan. But at this point being a brony generally just means "an older person who likes ponies".
/me takes xmasskills1 off his shoulder and puts panda instead
I LOVE THIS SONG!
This song is quite catchy :)
^ child
my quad mixes that i did were eh
04I kinda like to think of it as EqD putting a very very bad spin on what a "Brony" is
To me, a 'brony' is a person who is a fan of MLP:FiM but is over the age group society wants us to be and/or not a girl.
Ninjazz: wait... is that bad?
Oh, wait.
Sorry, I just woke up.
Personally I think blind love and tolerance is silly.
panda: No. Why would it be? :O
You can thank Sethisto
Shane377: i guess im to old to be carried by big bro...
04Oh, I do
04I do thank Sethisto
1 was lulzily done in A3 when i discovered that it actually did surround (but not very well)
Sethisto is a bad person anyway.
04Every day
04Every
04Single
04Day
/me pats xmasskills1 tough luck
Ninjazz: not sure lol! I like ponies and I love and tolerate the shizz out of EVERYTHING :D
Caramel is dancing to this too :D
/me picks ups panda
2: the instrumental doesn't upascale well to quad
OMG I'm not alone thinking Sethisto is horrible?
Seth is not good for he is a rabid Trixie fan.
Thank god
PONYLAND
04...you
Shane377: thats fine i didnt like being carried anyways *silent sob*
wait... is caramel dancing to the song?
Yep
daww
04Really didn't know that Seth was hated by a majority of fans fo the show?
04*of
Caramel is currently under manual control.
DeathStar: can u cheer xmasskills1 up
Well considering how popular EQD is
02*WB03(MysticLugia03)02WB* - <MysticLugia> 12And even with help, I am yet not able to get that what I want
He is, Ghosties?
Which'd make Val the collector general from ME2.
03BlueFlare
03http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16832562001&nm_mc=EMC-IGNEFL051812&cm_mmc=EMC-IGNEFL051812-_-EMC-051812-Index-_-SecurityUtilitiesSoftware-_-32562001-L0J
I like Trixie for the character and the challenge she poses in Boast Busters, but not in the way Seth does.
I didn't know Seth was hated to begin with
03on sale for $15
whose this seth guy
03you know you want to
03:P
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo.
I know /mlp/ SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
Is Seth a meme already?
DeathStar: wanna dance with me sis
SHOO BE DOOOO
SOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
shoo be doo :3
Shoo be doo!
SHOO BE DO SHOO SHOO BE DOOO
oh dear
I have a very vague idea about who Sethisto is, except for his Trixie obsession
Shane377: He's the guy who made Equestria Daily.
SHoo Be doo Shoop Shoop Be do!
04He's the guy who cashes in on naive bronies
Kammerjunk: wow thats kinda irony
Ninjazz: you know... I used to hate this song... now i love it XD
inb4 SPAM
Also Sethisto had a horrible Net History
04He's the guy who thinks that his word is law
I only use EqD for the news.
panda: I know right! The magic of sea ponies. @_@
Kammerjunk: that he made eqd and bronies h8 him
CrimsonPhoenix: how so
2,14 horrible doesn't even begin to describe it
RPing as trixie on /co/
Ghosties: wait.. what?
03TOPRAM 16GB CF 16G CF Compact Flash CompactFlash Card
03$23.50
03Your Price: $17.99
Ghosties: I want to waste money as I please :D
04He markets bronies
2,14 you didn't know him BEFORE he was a brony -_-
ValtheJean: and CrimsonPhoenix wat does it say
Ghosties: who?
He was a very deep fn of Cynder
And sadly hes become more or less the face of the fandom
04He cashes in on the damn fandom
ValtheJean, know who?
04Sethisto, founder of EqD
Shit, Val. What do you mean?
2,14 sethisto
Cynder?
ah
ValtheJean: did you?
Like BEYOND fan of Cynder
04He makes a profit off bronies
2,14 I came across him on ocassion
02awesome XD
04There
04Right there
suddenly eqd
04See that?
Ghosties: wait... he is troling us bronies?
03which oine
I am not particular fond of him.
Sethisto sounds kinda like a villain name
03*one
03as there are promo codes to buy those
CrimsonPhoenix: wuts Cynder
03still
but maybe it's just me
04I'm sure he's probably an okay guy out of the fandom, but dear lord
03Malwarebytes licenses last forever, not just a year
03:P
Yep _ is dari
Scootaloo
SirGanjalf: No, I agree :D
panda: He's a brony but in the worst way.
04I can't say that I enjoy his ethics as a fan
http://www.darkspyro.net/images/film/gallery003.jpg
02TOPRAM 16G CF
03I got mine for $15 too
03oh
He love that dragon
can I 320AAC?
...sexually
He sounds rather self-righteous.
Ghosties: so he is a horrible person huh?
03sre
I just use EqD for story updates, anyway.
03*Sure
wtf is dis
that was before trixie came
CrimsonPhoenix: whats so wrong with him?
Oh shit, the new Spyro? D:
04For a less personal reason
I remember too the day the orcs came...
xmasskills1: Love is
Wait wrong quote.
04EqD is a pretty terrible site to go to for news
04They'll post *anything*
yay
XD scootaloo, I'll love you ^^
04*Anythin*
search it on youtube, xmasskills1
there isn't even an RSS feed
04He's even posted R34
03http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=9SIA12K0932500&nm_mc=EMC-IGNEFL051812&cm_mmc=EMC-IGNEFL051812-_-EMC-051812-Index-_-FlashMemory-_-9SIA12K0932500-L040D
Ghosties: oh, hm.... well they didnt post my stuff lol
Pinkies4thWall: great ill look it up
03no code needd
2,14 I think you mean the opposite of that Ghosties
Rather than what thery should post.
waithm
03*needed
you might edit it
2,14 he only posts what he WANTS to post
Ghosties: WHAT!!!! HE DID?
Link, Ghosties. :D
How dare he!!!
3>> [03:18:49] <SirGanjalf> Sethisto sounds kinda like a villain name
04They'll post anything remotely related to news, lemme just say that
2,14 hence why we have to fucking fight for every post we got
03LOL random Asian girl in the photo
SirGanjalf: I concur.
3inb4 bronystate game vs. seth
Oh I know, how dare he post what he wants on his site ¬_¬
2,14 Ninjazz: do you not remember shitty belle?
CrimsonPhoenix: wats so bad about him can u tell me
^ SlurryMoon
I don't think I was around while it was running. :S
"there were 22 asians, 7 korean, 2 africans...."
04It's not just that Meanwhile, because he has so many people in his pocket whatever he says is law
The poop Tumblr right?
"don't you mean 22 chinese?"
2,14 meanwhile: when you claim to be the voice of a fandom, selective reporting is the opposite of what you want
03o.o
"oh yeah...
04^
</overheard today>
Sweetie Poo you mean?
03LOL
Great, what are you going to do about it
04He just makes a lot of good fans look bad
Ghosties: oh....
a conversation by two asians
i mean, chinese
/me runs
love is the holocaust?
04It's not that
04Love is a great thing
What did you mean about "shitty belle", Val?
04Love is a wonderful thing
panda: Well, if you don't die quick and you don't get thinner.
its like whistles
04But it shouldn't be handed out like it's candy
whistles are great right?
Ninjazz: Did you never encounter that?
good morning everypony
04Love is special, it should be earned, you know?
What is this song? :D
Kammerjunk: oh hi!
Yes they are Phase4
If not, be glad and don't go looking for it.
Oh hi.
That song kinda reminds of Tim Minchins "Love Song"
Oh my
whait... i was goign to play games
Ghosties: yes i know what you mean
2,14 Ninjazz: it was just one of the many risque things he's posted in the past
bronystate, you take my game time! yu do that
OMG THIS PMV SO MUCH WUB soz caps
YOUR GONNA GO FAR RAINBOW ^^
I <3 this!!!!
Ahhhh. He posted that?
Didn't know The Offspring were a bunch of girls
Oh right, I have tea waiting to be made. I shall abscond.
2,14 in one of the drawfriends
Well, then...
Ghosties: well... now i dont like EqD lol
04But, going back to what I said, "Brony" just doesn't have the same meaning or feeling it did last year
I like The Offsprings :$
No offence Val but I really don't think you actually have a problem with potentially risque content so much as you're just rubbing it in.
That's certainly not appropriate.
04Shit's changed...the fandom's changed
04For the worse
2,14 huh?
Indeed.
I miss the old fandom
Ghosties: even though I'm in te newer wave of fans
2,14 Meanwhile: you really couldn't be farther off
Ghosties: :/ really? im kind of a newbie, can you explain it to me?
I support the old fandom
even though I never experience it
Fair enough.
04Okay, listen
Looks like I started watching the show at a wrong time :S
/me listens to Ghosties
04Last year it was evident that every fan was the same
alright
Right, we all liked ponies.
I've been in this fandom for over a year but I've never considered the 'politics' of it. And looking at it that's probably a good thing.
hows going
Politics is never a good thing.
2,14 meanwhile: it's a VERY good thing
is Ghosties preparing a wall of text for me? ^^
Wait... the brony community is NOT a united front in its love and support of FIM? :O
04There was no one fan that was better than the other
04Everybody was on equal ground
oi drf
http://www.mediafire.com/?5vb4nd9ej52zz9v
Meanwhile: come to think of it , neither have i
WTF collective. Score.
I outright ignore fandom politics. Any fandom, any media.
lol
OMG I LOVE THIS!
WTF COLLECTIVE!
I guess the herd mind just ain't what it used to be.
04We all came together to watch the show and that was it
this song what is it
:D
Does it feel like to anyone else that the fandom has kind of gained it's own cliques?
Actually, even now I don't consider anyone better than anyone else
Ghosties: well... we do that now too no?
Shane377: Wtf collective.
This must be WTF Collective 1.
04Here? Yes
04Because that's what we wanted to provide when this was started last May
BarneyAndPonies: that's how the world works.
I see what Ghosties is saying now.
Ghosties, sorry, maybe I dont get out there much in the community.. so...
04Where everybody could just get along and not be "better" than anyone else
/me 06is listening to 03»» 0215 MyMixSAFE2 (? (?)) 03«» 0201:30/07:30 [202,02|02,02|02,02|303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 02604 kbps flac - 42.12MB (WinAmp) 03««
They'll find common ground within common ground and flock to it.
03why is this one even longer LOL
BarneyAndPonies: I think it happens to any fandom as it gains more members
Not a bad thing in itself.
Like how the herd started.
04panda, really, I don't either. I've withdrawn so much from the fandom that it's not even funny now
Ghosties: so brony state is a "safe-haven" of sorts
It's when a mentality of "My patch of dirt is better than your patch of dirt" that shit hits the fan.
04Eh, I prefer to look at as "We do this for fun because it's fun"
i misunderestimated the length ┐(￣ー￣)┌
w8 y does he run eqd i thought one of the people who made mlp made it
2,14 yeah...we just stream shit
So Fan Dumb is starting to infect the fanbase?
04^
btw he is a sick buck
03how long are the actual vocals?
anyway, thats the whole piano song
04Very much so, Poly
Ghosties: hehe alright ^^ i see where you are coming from
Polydunami: whats fandumb?
Nice, Polydunami.
there are vocals in the middle 6 minuites of the song?
Shane377: a fandom pun.
I like this place, it's just a fun place to enjoy ponies and poke fun at each other :(
Fandom acting dumb
I have fun here because people are friendly.
03wait what
04Exactly MaidSurge
>tropes
It's not my joke
03I thought SHout was only a 4 minute song
Not mine
04We just want everybody to have a good time and shit
maybe
I'm glad I found this place first.
^
Yeah being on here is like being in a bar with a movie screen.
2,14 except me, I'm here to torture you all ;)
Ghosties: hehehe well I thank ya for that
Indeed.
:D o u ValtheJean
obviously, if i just put shout & piano, lined them up by the start
ValtheJean: yeah XD
the vocals wouldn't musically match piano
ValtheJean: oh you :D
Oh boy, do I wonder?
We all like it deep down in our twisted part of ourselves, Val. :)
@ValtheJean: I will not resist.
/me 06is listening to 03»» 0215 MyMixSAFE2 (? (?)) 03«» 0203:52/07:30 [202,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 021006 kbps flac - 42.12MB (WinAmp) 03««
Meanwhile: That's one the best definitions od Bronystate, i've ever heard:O
03hm
*of
03a bit of skippiness there, but I suppose there's no way around that
Though tbh Val I have to thank you, I've become more tolerant of the past gens because of you.
Meanwhile: That is very accurate.
04Meanwhile is closest to how I look at BronyState
2,14 Meanwhile: then I've done my job
i had to stutter a bit so that the vocals blend in to the music
2,14 because I'm not lying when I say I love pre-G4
04I look at BronyState as a pub, tavern, bar, whatevs with a big screen tv
I still hate demon baby ponies.
Meanwhile: x Ghosties confirmed
otherwise there'd be a sudden drop in vocal volume, which wouldn't sound nice
Still better than Trixie.
03yeah
03hm
03I could prolly just end it around 4 mins
04^
03as now it's all repeated stuff
/me 06is listening to 03»» 0215 MyMixSAFE2 (? (?)) 03«» 0204:50/07:30 [202,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 02999 kbps flac - 42.12MB (WinAmp) 03««
maybe
04Much better than Trixie
04Though
YES!
04I can't speak
04Because
Meanwhile: i like trixie...
Meh. I like Trixie for the character and the challenge she poses in Boast Busters, but not in the way Seth does.
04Vinyl is my favorite pony
04And Vinyl never even spoke
Vinyl is cool.
Vinyl's awesome
She has nice eyes.
well, wernt u saying earlier you were struggling to fill up airtime?
Vinyl is aweomse :D
:P
Ghosties: now i have the cheers theme in my head thanks
03I was LOL
04Not a problem :D
03why, want me to play the whole thing?
o3o
I dislike Trixie for her canon personality for the same reasons RD sometimes rustle my jimmies.
Ghosties: music speaks so she kinda has spoken to our hearts *man tear*
Hey, good feels going on?
03stop using that face
03:|
o3o
Sorry drf D:
/me forgotted :(
just play the whole thing if you are
/me is Canadian :3
Meanwhile: so trixie rustles your jimmies huh?
Polydunami is also
Yeah. She does. As do all arrogant jerks.
/me starts singing "some times you want to go where every body knows your name!"
^wut
04God, I just realized that Meanwhile has probably been here the longest now
Meanwhile: ok... why is it called "rustle my jimmies"
Meanwhile: REALLY?
panda: I have no idea at all.
2,14 he's definitely our oldest regular
hmm
04He's probably the oldest (in terms of viewership) regular we have
@Ghosties: Challenge accepted.
Meanwhile: but im an arrogant jerk...
wow, Meanwhile is a vet!
Interesting
2,14 everyone else is gone ;_;
inb4 we give Meanwhile a medal.
04Yepppppppp
Maybe you can get me a plaque that says "old"
I'm here whenever I'm on the computer. :)
which is a lot
04I mean
ValtheJean: well... where did they go? :/
04From like
/me /) Meanwhile
oh no
I'm only on at night
04Time
hi
/me 2floats about
04Not the longest you've been on total
:3
Pinkies4thWall: (\
04But when you first started coming here
2,14 dunno, probably just left the fandom or moved to other sites
Meanwhile: it's the same for me, canon Trixie is too full of herself :D
o-o
@Ghosties: Oh ok. :P
2,14 it happens unfortunately
xmasskills1: Great, you have made me think of Vinyl as a mute, and Goddesses know I won't be able to think otherwise now.
no stringing
2,14 I still like to pretend that they keep watching the streams, or lurk the channels
/me 2farts on junh
ouch
2,14 OLD REGS, IF U LURKIN, U BETTAH COME BACK FOOS!
Everything doesn't go forever, for lucky or unlucky
ValtheJean: wait... with no warning?
my ow hurts :<
Kammerjunk: glad to be of assistance:)
04I dunno man, I just want to pull up a beer with everyone
04And the funny thing is
04I don't drink
Ghosties: hehe oh you ^^
hah, even more pain
I'm not old enough, but screw it.
o.o
I have a beer every now and then
/me pulls up a root beer
I'm a semi-regular
In 9 days I will have been here for a full year.
I dont drink at all XD
Doesn't time fly.
Meanwhile: whoa!!!!
It's too early to drink over here
And we will have a party!!
/me 's coke is in the fridge... I'm lazy :P
Considering it's not even 5PM
I'm technically not allowed to drink yet, but my parents are cool like that.
Y U DO DISS!!!
/me gets PinkiePry the coke
03hm
Ghosties: I don't either, but we can tolerate alcohol right? :D
03I can chop off almost 2 mins worth
I honestly still kick myself for being a hater instead of finding this place.
03that giant intro
xD
03is totally not needed LOL
hugs Pinkies4thWall
:)
04What's even funnier is that I know for a fact minors come to this site
What did I just watch?
what movie?
I'll drink on social occasions but tbh I don't really like the taste of alcohol.
:D
Absolutely, there are minors here
Ghosties: wait... who started this site?
http://www.mediafire.com/?5vb4nd9ej52zz9v < this song
Dat Pony Warp
oh
04Two guys
@Ghosties: I'm twelve but I act eighteen. Can I stay? :3
by who
2,14 ;_;
and what song?
03it's a mashup
04Though I look at one as the absolute *founder* of the site
03between Tears for Fears - Shout
oh
2,14 oh god...way to make me sad and depressed Ghosties
sounds like dubsep
which i recreated
Ghosties, hm.. they arent active on here huh?
dubstep
03no
04Yeah, I don't mind Pinkie
03it's not dubstep
03LOL
2,14 YOU KNOW I CAN'T LET MYSELF CRY IN FRONT OF THE VIEWERS
Are they on anymore Ghosties?
nah, it's eletconica
2,14 THEY NEED TO FEAR ME!
:D Thank you.
techno?
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5BF6htOHyOs
house?
classical music?
Ghosties: I'm... Okay?
/me hugs ValtheJean "its ok i still fear you"
PinkiePry: I've been acting like an old man since I was a teen :$
I'm the complete opposite, PinkiePry. :$
:)
lol
04The guy who really started it all was a guy from Wisconsin (I think) by the name of Hipster_Brony
Set up a vid and go do it out of sight Val, we won't tell anyone.
I'm 15, but that's the legal age of consent (With boundaries) in Denmark, so I'll just be here anyway.
Be back in a minute
/me hugs ValtheJean :3
2,14 god I miss Hipster...
03hm
03I almost wonder if I can take the DJ Hero intro
Ghosties: well... he didnt abandon this site did he?
03and use it on yours
ouuu yoshi eats
who would have thought
Who is this Hipster Brony you all speak of?
2,14 I'm just glad we got Silverscreen back
xD
Kammerjunk> do you live in denmark?
2,14 it just hasn't been the same without the old team
"Who is this Hipster Brony you all speak of"
PinkiePry: He helped make the site, IIRC.
oh ok
I like Silverscreen.
yifle1: Eeyup.
04He posted a thread on Ponychan (another once awesome website that has fallen to its own bad ways) and opted for streaming movies over the Summer to get through the great pony drought
Thanks for making me feel old PinkiePry.
awesome
Meanwhile: :$
I missed Silverscreens movie trivia.
04I was actually there for that thread and commented in it
Kammerjunk> i also live in denmark
Wow, other actual Danes in BronyState?
I am amaze.
Man this chat is getting so nostalgic.
which part of denmark Kammerjunk>
Ghosties: well thats some luck huh? ^^
Sjælland.
04But anyways, NewDCD showed up in the thread and was like "Hey, I can stream the movies!"
And I wasn't here for any of that.
Kammerjunk> im living in midtjyland
Oh god
THIS
YEEEES
Oh hey, Avenue Q.
I'm back
ok I really need to go to bed
Goodnight CrimsonPhoenix :)
You know how he is a hipster brony... is that actually possible
Kammerjunk> around skive
Gnight CrimsonPhoenix! Take care.
cya phoenix
because its cool to be a brony within the fanbase
Dat history lesson.
but does that really count?
After listening MOnster thats currently playing in EFR
Ghosties: but no sumerpan back then huh?
2LOL
I think i've been on here a couple months
yifle1: Just west of København here.
04Nope, no Sumerpan
panda: No that's a more recent creation.
xD
ok Kammerjunk>
lol
Courtesy of Nittany's bad spelling.
Sumerpan
The hero BronyState deserves.
!
Meanwhile: i know ^^ remember I did the pony version XD
I swear this is the best place on the internet.
:)
http://i.imgur.com/jCrJx.jpg
This sounds a lot like Bert and Ernie xD
But it isn't
I agreem PinkiePry.
04The following week NewDCD asked me to join the team alongside Silverscreen in becoming the two moderators for the stream
its nice to know that there are other bronies in denmark Kammerjunk>
PinkiePry except if you want to get stuff done
2,14 Polydunami: that's because Avenue Q is a parody of Sesame Street
Oh?
2,14 mmhmm
-but I'm not gay.
04But, anyways
Chrysalis: Who does anything productive these days anyway?
:D
2,14 the actors have little puppets for their characters
yifle1: I attended a meetup once, actually, in Odense. We were around 25.
PUT IM AWESOME
Kammerjunk> awesome
It's funny cause "gay" originally meant "happy".
04Long story short Hipster left the site around mid-August to go pay more attention to Ponychan, where his heart was at at the time
PinkiePry: Scientists. And I swear they're not even making sense anymore.
I know, I grew up on Sesame Street
PinkiePry there are 2 images which best describe what bronystate does to its members
you can find me on facebook Kammerjunk>
Oh my goodness <3
YUSH
I grew up on the street. The Sesame Street.
THE ORIGINAL?
so he is a mod on pony chan Ghosties ?
AAAAAAAAW SHIIIIIIIIIIT
The original!
04He was
Chrysalis: I'm listening... Sort of. :$
Soundslike it CrimsonPhoenix
04Until something happened to him and he quickly quit the site
http://imgur.com/1Duaf http://imgur.com/qn7Wm
04And...
04He's...
yifle1: Sorry, I don't really use Facebook. Also, you might want to try pressing Alt+Shift until æøå works again.
PinkiePry: wanna join a family
04Gotten worse
Ghosties: was? oh no... am I allowed to know?
This is very final boss like, I like this too :)
What?
SING ALONG EVERYPONY
You scare me, Ghosties.
xmasskills: What?
Ninjazz how?
PinkiePry: yes or no want to join a brony family
The way he worded that, Chrysalis.
xmasskills: Ok, sure. :)
Kammerjunk> ok you can find me on youtube then
Egh. Said I mean.
DISCORD!!!!!!!
yifle1: That I can.
just type yifle1
yifle1
04I don't know what's happened to Hipster, but I do worry about it
LOL
Wait, I messed that up
04*him
yeah
2,14 me too Ghosties...me too...
I prefer the Eurobeat version of this song, actually.
Indeed
Ghosties: That lead followed by the "it" honestly made it sound like he's turned into Pennywise the Clown.
04I mean he's just dropped out of the fandom, nobody I know knows where he's at
well don't you have a way to message him?
Ghosties, oh no... I'm sorry to hear that. maybe the weight of all bronies was on his shoulders?
or at least get in touch?
yifle1: Found it.
Kammerjunk: This IS the eurobeat
nice
2,14 he always was a closet brony...hope nothing serious happened to him
04Or maybe he wised up and finally left like he should have done ages ago
im usual on youtube all day long
Pinkies4thWall: I mean the not-Super Ponybeat version.
04I respect Hipster a lot but this fandom *really* got to him
oh
Ghosties: wised up? you make it sound like he should have left earlier
Shit... Val brings up a good point. People actually hate some bronies, you know?
04He should have left earlier
I'm sure wherever he is and whatever he's doing he's fine.
04He was really really involved
Circus musiiiiic
04Too involved
04Like I would say probably obsessed
knocked out by a zubat, i know that feel
Ghosties: too involved?
actualy no i don't
Philojmena
2,14 when you stare into the abyss, the abyss gazes into you
04^
04Pretty much that
*Philomena
2,14 the abyss being the heart of the fandom
/me 2vomits all over bree
^
04I mean he just threw his entire being into the center of the fandom
04And I'm afraid it ate him whole
o-o
poor guy
Jeezus.
Egad
04I know how incredibly lame that may sound, or stupid, but he really did love this fandom
there are some scary things at the core of this fandom
However, if you stare long enough into the abyss, the abyss will eventually blink first.
there are some great and wonderful things
2,14 RIP Hipster_Brony...best damn brony we ever had
Ghosties, so I was right. It was too much of a weight to handle :/
04The great and wonderful things are on the outskirts
Only Pinkie Pie can win a staring contest against a thing without eyes.
I probably made a metaphor for something deep, but I have no idea what.
Aside from the obvious, like what Chrysalis?
As far as we know?
04Most likely
:D BACKWARDS
Also, this is backwards!?
Yeah
WE SING YOUR SONGS
This sounds like a song from the Hunchback from Notre Dame to me.
04He's just gotten worse over time if his status messages are any indication
04But I'm not going to get into that because that's too personal
She sounds like a non-robotic Fi
Never mind.
3Ghosties, is he still on Skype?
Ghosties, oh no... I understand.
it sounds like russian XD
pu parw retniw
OK
NOW
VIBRANT SNIFF
BED
i saw DInky OMGGGGG
Night people
Don't dwell on it Ghosties, you'll only dig yourself a pit.
Bai CrimsonPhoenix
night CrimsonPhoenix
Night CrimsonPhoenix.
Gnight CrimsonPhoenix
SNIFF MY ARSE AND MY SNOUT?
Sweet dreams, CrimsonPhoenix.
You sound hurt, Ghosties. Are you okay?
Ghosties, I didnt mean to prolong the conversation >.>
/me gives Ghosties a hug
WE SING YOUR SONG
/me glomps Ghosties.
Wait, I heard worship Celestia in there somewhere. Am I hearing things or just being sarcastic? xD
o.o
/me nuzzles Ghosties
I'd encourage chat not to dwell on it either, vicious cycle.
chat will love ghosties!
None but a fool would venture into the heart of a fandom. 'Tis a dangerous place, filled to the brim with the worst the fandom has to offer.
send him your wubs
you might want to get that looked at
/me sends all wubs to Ghosties
/me wubs Ghosties
I agree, that's a little worrying xD
I don't like the term "wub" since it became associated with dubstep.
For all that's worth, man. I mean it.
04I mean
I maded you a wub, but I brokested it.
Kammerjunk, yeah, i see that now
04I miss Hipster and I hope he's alright, sure
then send love
2,14 alright everyone
Eh. I still use Wub in the proper tense.
04But if I can't find him, then, I can't worry too much
2,14 the next video I'm about to play is my favorite song in FiM
Prepare yourselves
list of symtoms so far
my body is ready
let me guess...
nice
2,14 if the first three guesses manage to guess it right, then I WONT play pre-G4 after it
symptoms
THIS DAY ARIA
inb4 shoobedoop
Aww.
Smile smile smile?
Smile Smile Smile
/me Body is about to get ready
Find a pet?
dammit
2,14 tsk tsk tsk
losing to zubats and vomiting
2,14 none of you got it
Yay!
lol
sounds serious
/me vomits all over chat
WINTER WRAP UP?
Hooray!
Giggle at the Ghosties?
oww
hi
Yay for pre-G4!
Oh hey
it's contagious! D:
2LOL
/me hides
all the g4
Too late
If only I said that first.
/) Meanwhile
02:<
/me sighs
(\ Pinkies4thWall.
Jokes on you, we wanted pre-G4
I think I will head for bed now. Goodnight everypony and I'll see you all on Sunday :3
^
wb
Polydunami: night night
Night Polydunami!
hi bf
Gnight Polydunami! Take care.
bai Polydunami
i hate to say it, but the sheer amount its been played its actually started to grow on me
/me sings along
DAT POSE
This song is why Pinkie Pie became my best pony.
Cya soon hopefully.
02ohai GM
g'night Polydunami
nigth Polydunami
I love Pinkie's face when she's saying "Pinkie, you gotta stand up tall."
there is no gm here
wut
Cya Ninjazz
Really, Meanwhile?
=====
Ummm. Hai Princess_Cadence. :)
I like Pinkie's singing VA
I'm out
Bare in mind Ninjazz, when I started watching this the most recent episode was winter wrap up.
night poly
heyeayeayeayeaa
dunamu
this thumbnail
wut.
OH GOD
*dunami
THIS
that biggest thumbnail
NOOOO
i knew it
:D
MaidSurge: Yes, Shannon Chan-Kent is quite good at what she does.
Hmmm.
YES
?!
fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
/me 2floats about
oh noes
MY EYES
OH NOOOOO
yes
Oh no, I may be more tolerant of the pre gens now but I can't take live action just yet. Time for a tea break.
MYE EYES ARE BURNING
Oh lol.
02that's why he has G and M in his name
NOT THIS AGAIN
This, ladies and gentlemen, is Spike.
MY EYES THEY THERE BURNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:D
Not-Spike.
shit
WHAT THIS SPIKE?! LOL WAT?!
ಠ_ಠ
THAT IS NOT SPIKE
MaidSurge: Oh, they're all good!
i helped make the DeLorean
brb
WHA?
Ikr
Oh shup up spike clone
02and the first Porshe
maybe we've got to giggle at the g3-ponies....
...
G3 Spike :D
THAT IS SOO FREAKIN AWFUL
G3 Spike, you need a more manly voice.
ye
I was half expecting someone to throw a bottle at him.
Big mac is not amused
Is he british?
wut
Funny is that G3 Spike is actually voiced by a man. :I
ValtheJean, can we watch ALL of it? :D
. . .
NO WE WONT
02yes, dragons live for quite a long time
Seems legit xD
nooo!!
2indeed
i bet we will :D
ValtheJean please find something else
:O
Come on, everypony! Sing and dance with him!
im gonna puke
:O :O :O :O :O AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
This is an endurance test, people
I am thoroughly enjoying myself at this.
.. MY EYES ARE BURNING!!
/me giggles at the g3-ponies
But even more so, at your reactions to it.
DANCE PUPPETS DANCE
TBH, I've seen this before. :D
hm. they're still there...
Kammerjunk o.0
I'm just laughing at the chat.
OMG THERES LIL boy there /) a very young brony
:P
omg I actually recognized a kid in the crowd... awkward
/me starts laughing :D
worth a shot
who what?
Oh Goddesses, I can't stop laughing at their heads.
ouu
sweet belly
Kammerjunk: exactly, people overreacting are hilarious
Quite.
noo
why team up
2what on earth is cubchoo
Scootaloo! Cherilee! RD! :D
^ Kammerjunk
a teddy bear
If I'm not mistaken, G3 Pinkie's VA also voiced Orange in Strawberry Shortcake, right? :P
with a cold
i have nothing against pre-g4 but these costumes are just terrifying
Spell-of-Gaming me too
well then... it's the worlds biggest tea party... it could be worse. it could be newborn cuties
/me now belongs to BlueFlare for 12 minutes and has to fly BlueFlare around until then
02:D
Sorry guys
im going to bed
4We're screwed xD
night night all
2ew it looks ugly
night panda
goodnight panda
night panda
Well goodnight panda! See you tomorrow!
i told you not to look
Night panda.
DoombringerZero: It could be worse. At least their legs manage to stay somewhat under them instead of dragging behind them.
hello everypony i got good and bad news :'(
4Wow, it really does D:
nacht panda
Allo startrooper, good news first?
2lol
You're not dressed!
i wonder how angry video game nerd would react to this :D
startrooper: is the bad news g3 pony play?
RAINBOW DASH WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
Meet Rainbow Dash, everypony.
We don't normally wear clothes...
/me 4hides
rainbow dash always dresses in style :D
oh my god what happened?!
4:3
2!attack BlueFlare
..what
ok good news i leave for my dream job (rifleman in the australian army) tomorow
:D:D:D:D:D
don't go too overboard
02D:
Kammerjunk really
/me 2floating
4x3
2*floats
4o.o
startrooper: Good luck with that!
bad news ill be gone for 8 months :'(
Congratulations startrooper.
congratulations startrooper
startrooper ohhh
LOL
Sorry, what am I saying.
/me 2farts
Now i do respect the people in the costumes it has to take a large amount of coordination to move around in those costumes
4O.o
I mean Ashleigh.
Congratz, startrooper.
startrooper: lemme guess ur going on tour?
startrooper: That does suck, but hey, at least you've got that job.
O_O mfw i'm still watching this. WITH INTEREST
/me 4bites and flies away D:
same
Question: Does Ashleigh also sing for Dashie and Applejack?
Er... Sorry, startrooper. Didn't read your second comment.
startroope awesome good luck just be careful
GUD MOURNING
i wanna see how were they old times...
Wait, RARITY?
SOMEBODY HELP ME
8 month is a long time... but having your dream job will be totally worth it
RARITY!
eep
yayy
wehs twi?
13can i steal a couple people to help me test something?
hope shes same
NOT RARITY.
so thx for the awesome community everypony. and i hope u guys have a good time as ill miss staying up late watching ponys ill miss you ALL :'(
Kammerjunk: yes she does
Shizuka: Go for it.
HW
/me cringes
Shizuka: Sure.
Hey Rarity!
2i ran out of tea :C
MaidSurge: Righty then.
i have no tea
dat laugh
13i'll post it in regs
4I have tea, but you can't have it :I
Good luck, startrooper. Stay safe! :)
She's a rhino pony :D
2why
3silly Shizuka, no one is alive in here x3
13http://www.yycast.com/shizuaudio20120518 tell me how volume feels
Shizuka: we need to be smart?
13and if it's locking up at all
I love how their hind legs don't touch the floor half the time they walk. :D
rarity what happened to oyu
me too, WALL-E_EVE :D
Okey dokey.
4I am not D: I would have shared if you'd asked me :(
13join regs if you know where it is
Minty=G3 Derpy :D
2:C
lol
i hope so ill hate to NOT be watching ponys when i get back :) see you guys in 8 months GOOD BYE EVERYPONY!! :)
13my main worry is this method is introducing audio lag, hope it isn't..
good byee
it gets even better when they're dancing :D
03ugh
03I can't get this to line up right
/me vomits all over Cube
startrooper good bye and good luck
Dat wink.
13it's impossible to tell based on the volume meters though... and the way i'm doing it i can't just load the stream or it'll start echoing
yay pinkie will be same iguess
03um
03what
good bye startrooper and take care
++
who?
02:(
PIXIE PONIES
Are you pausing it to type?
13nope
13should be solid
PONY FAYIRS
lol wat
I love how the kids don't even notice the sticks below them
FARIES
flutterponies.... or is it.... changelings? :D
lol
It's got quite a bit of regular lag, but the audio seems fine.
13fmle's output looks perfectly normal...
/me has My Little Pony fruit snacks
NO
Pinkie Pie!
I say lag, it freezeframes then picks back up.
PINKIE PIE WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?!?!?!
oh god why
I think your yell did it, Pinkies4thWall.
yeo
:)
why did you have to do it?
Do ho ho.
dem stats
PINKIE
Princess_Cadence PLEASE DO SOMETHING
That is Rarity's VA. I know that beautiful voice anywhere. Too bad she...
:O
2yay <:
Look at what happened, Pinkie.
2,14 as much as I'd LIKE to continue streaming this
2,14 I'm so tired I'm about to pass out
:O
Aww
:O
Oh, my. You go sleep, then.
Yeah the audio is alright when it's playing but the video lags a little and freezes a lot.
nooooooooooooooooooo
Good.
aw
Go to bed then
Go to bread.
Thanks for the good parts of the stream, Val.
13hmmm
well then... good night ValtheJean
you get some rest, then ValtheJean.
4I make nice tea :P
night val
bye, Val
NIGHT VAL
g'night Val
13hope it's just a yycast thing...
what now
13when the video is going does the audio at least look synced right?
Right.
Whoa, 3:05? Val's right, I'm in the same time zone.
how about some good old awkward silence
13let's see if audiosurf works better
*Cue tumbleweed*
Same state actually
/me sits on someone's head
It's 11 AM over here. I'm still tired.
That was an intense BF3 game!
13also keep me updated cause this time when i go to type it does pause the game
Oh right, I should maybe get BF3 some day.
anypony here from Utah?
its only 11:06 AM in denmark
Will do.
its 7pm in aus
Any Pacific Sea Ponies?
And Italy yifle1
yes
Oh hi, Wrek.
can you stand 2 seconds of this? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JSiinOHX0cE&feature=related
No? Oh well.
Hey, Wrek.
Ninjazz: Does California count?
or 15 minutes
Princess_Cadence kill me
Was a bit choppy during the song selection.
In the sea, BarneyAndPonies.
lol
aww
YAAAARRRRRRRRRR
Princess_Cadence: Good idea for a vid. I'll make sure to send it Dari's way next time he's streaming.
Princess_Cadence: because of the music, yes
03but it's not lining up right
Kammerjunk thanks
if I bring my laptop to the beach will that be close enough?
..better? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icB_yZOmdqg&feature=related
Same kind of video lag.
Hmmm.
13k let's see if dropping bitrate helps..
Would you still get interne?
internet*
13hope it's just yycast being fail
bai DeathStar
G3.6 Scootaloo is boring.
I don't think so, infact I think I might get robbed =/
Stream cut out.
13back up
Then it doesn't count. Sorry. :S
Im still waiting for superbrony to reply to my friend invite. As I can see he is sleeping. He probably wouldnt accept it.
Aye.
see you guys im going to my girlfriend now
cya
Ninjazz: my previous laptop was stolen
Bye bye :D
D:
13watching the fmle output... has audiosurf always looked that terrible on stream...
i know
Did it have anything precious?
yifle1 But why do you have to leave when your gf is attched to your right arm? Nah im jk cya
Mine succumbed to viruses Pinkies4thWall :(
I'm hard pressed to think about what it usually looks like.
Like family photes and things you can't replace?
photos*
it could be a hard job
test
MaidSurge Ive heard R34 has viruses
But it's still lagging and freezing a lot.
not really, and i got a much newer and better one for my birthday after that
^
just do a really quick fadein at 1:16.294 on my mix
Then it all worked out for the bets. :)
best*
13yeah seeing that here...
Curse you, fingers. :|
Yep. dat gambling. :D
13fmle is lying through its teeth saying i'm getting solid 30fps out...
03well
03that starts with "let it all out"
03oh hm
03I could take the "Shout, shout" part from DJH, eh?
/me curses Ninjazz's fingers
Najizz i could break em for ya.
Yes. Make them regret their actions! :[
Lol Najizz
I still need them intact, TheRandomkid321. I just need them to know they did something wrong.
/me hugs Ninjazz because he is awesome
/me grabs giant sledge hammer.
:O
Aw.
I'm not awesome!
/me grabs claw hammer
Big skip there.
This'll do?
You're awesome. :)
you're too modest
NInjazz you are awsome
Resisted to 5 minutes of G3.6 Scootaloo
Pinkies4thWall do you ever get sick of being broken?
/me blushes. thanx, Ninjazz
Still going
I still don't see it. I just come on here type words. How does that make me awesome? :$
13lol that's even worse...
Yup.
And it's my pleasure, Pinkies4thWall. :)
13why does it keep falling behind...
I think whatever's up it's probably YYcast.
nope. that's what im here for. it also gives Nittany_Discord stuff to clean
I kinda wanna play some minecraft for 360 but none of my friends are on
13restarted
13taking this test out of the loop, see if stereo mix does better
13to which the answer is no..
I hear Minecraft 360 is pretty good. It's got 4 player split screen, so it would make a pretty cool couch co-op game.
Indeed.
Oh btw, did anyone hear they're bringing toonami back. Old news but still
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6Cs5pa7Tfk
Well its 03:15, i should get ready to sleep. I'm still here though
13far far worse than usual i'm sure...
I dare you.
Yeah. Back on April First. I don't think they are making any plans though.
8,1# LOOOOOVE'S IIN BLOOOOOM #
Cya Pinkies4thWall! Take care.
ARGH!
8,1# A BEAUTIFUL BRIDE, A HANDSOME GROOM #
8,1hullo, everypony!
Streams off.
I'm still here, Ninjazz
8,12 pairs of my friends are getting married!
13up again
8,1*2 pairs
Oh. Ehehehe. Srry, Pinkies4thWall|stuff. I forgot part. :$
8,1woah, my colourscript fucked up...
not on the sameday hopefully
08,012 somethhing something giant hat
Still off.
Well, for them, anyway.
08,01there, fixed it.
03darn it, that doesn't work either
03well
03I should prolly go to bed
02[The current time where I live is 0305:17:3102 on 03Friday, 05/18/201202. I am in 03Eastern Standard Time02, also known as 03GMT -5 Hours02.]
/me forgives Ninjazz over a cider
03but I'll fix it up later
There we go.
/me 08,01wants to get married and spawn
Oh, thank you.
Marriage is for silly fillies.
And Cadence.
08,01unfortunately, the kind of marriage i'd want isn't legal in this country
08,01:(
oh my
The lag/freezing seems to have dropped in frequency at least a little.
>_>
:(
13yeah but i'm getting framerate drops in audiosurf
13that's very bad
08,01as the state neither recognises gay marriage, nor polyamorous marriage
Yeah, that's what I thought.
11.•10«11WB10 (Lighty10) 11WB10»11•. 10- i sooo love e-mail, i win atleast 5 cars everyday
Polyamorous? You got more than 1 love interest?
08,01MaidSurge: or a man and a woman, or two men, or more...
08,01Ninjazz: aye
All in agreement?
08,01yup
08,01i am, yes
03oh hey I think I got it
03via some funky fading
Wow. Not too common these days.
No really, you should consider it. Or move up to Canada, I dunnp.
dunno*
08,01or as i prefer to call it, pansexual; which basically means i'll hit on anything with a pulse.
lol
oh
my
More power to you then! I have already two bi female friends :D
hehe
Oh right. Scottish Molestia.
It's not lagging as much, but the freeze is still up in full.
08,01hey, i'm just an old fashioned romantic who's discovered non-determinicity!
13sigh..
I'm still watching Scootaloo go yarrr btw
13and asuka's overheating i know it
Scotland.
Ah.
08,01Kammerjunk: scotland, aye
Yay! I pay attention! :)
08,01Pinkies4thWall|stuff: only changelings and rarity.
DAT RARITY
Well, who wouldn't.
You want to let it cool down for a bit?
You are a smart.... wait... She's mine!
:[
13she doesn't cool down anymore
13there's no ventilation at all
Rarity would make for a splendid human female :D
:/
Indeed.
I'm partial to Twi' myself. Maybe it's because I can't stop reading, I dunno.
;)
13going to kill this one, try a mips
I still won't consider the idea of humanized
Ok.
Why not? They basically are humans in pony bodies.
Pinkies4thWall|stuff: I kinda like humanised art. I like seeing how people depict them.
08,01i'm not a fan of humanised ponies
I'd sleep with a pony, but wouldn't do one. ponies are sacred
08,01it takes away the magic
^
^^
08,01oooh Chrysalis, i'm so tempted to post that pic in here
i know right
do it!!!
but im not sure if its OK
but its SOOO good
It's a-okay!
I like human ponies only if done right. And rule 34 is still out of question :D
/me pokerface
08,01goddamn.
08,01dat Chrysalis.
That sweater
tis hawt
INB4 wetmane Chry- wait...
hot, but ok
thats been out a while Kammerjunk
13http://mips.tv/shizutest
She has like a constant wet mane.
Also those undies O__O
03can I soundcloud this?
Chrysalis: But Chrysalis always has a wet mane.
Well, no lag or freezing yet.
Don't take this the wrong way, but I would prefer it if she didn't have the underwear.
ispz
But yeah, that picture is hardly wrong. Just look at Wrek's R63 of the mods.
Ninjazz: i know what you mean and agree
Hey, SirGanjalf! YOU LIKE CHRYSALIS?
^eenope
Thank you, Pinkies4thWall|stuff.
08,01i have Chrysalis on the back of 1/5th of my business cards
lol, nice
Chrysalis is best villain.
^
^ Indeed.
Ninjazz: Not in THAT way
13phase says audio is slightly behind
I'll wait for dialogue to comment on the audio.
13yeah
SirGanjalf lol :D
08,01hahaha
08,01<3
08,01Chrysalis: did your package arrive yet?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QCeIp88wEw
Hey, Chrysalis. What was your name before Chrysalis?
Yeah he's right. Just a little.
iv not heard anything from my parnets
i'm usually UnFoundBug
need to go for an while hope to see you soon guys! :)
but its just here im not
Oh
AHHH!
I still root for Discord, but damn Chrysalis is a pretty good villain :D
Dat unfoundbug
Valedico, Princess_Cadence!
IM BACK!
No wonder I haven't seen UnFoundBug in a long time.
Et resaluta, TheRandomkid321!
Makes sense.
It's just my luck: I went to some other site because of something that rustles my jimmies, and when i'm back... eh, ALWAYS
03I'll make a nice description later (unless you want to), gotta go to bed
03but there's that
hi TheRandomkid321
Wb TheRandomkid321
13bleh... so much for that plan then..
MaidSurge: agreed
It's not lagged once though.
08,01so it may take a while
/me 08,01sent Chrysalis something ridiculously awesome
I have no stream... just me? Oh please say it isnt just me
I'd rather slightly off synch audio than watching it progress 1 frame every thirty seconds.
Chrysalis: I think that, in the words of Gollum, "you'll see. Oh, yes... You'll see."
08,01because it was cheaper to do that than to order it from over here, bizarrely
man, this is gonna take more explaining to my parents
there's no stream at the moment, TheRandomkid321
02drf
13yeah true, guess that was a yycast thing
Chrysalis what do you mean explaining?
i'm not gonna get away with "my friend ordered it for me" am i
02y u go to bed so early?
did I miss somethin?
03ahaha aren't you the funny one
03anyway
03it's 5:30 am
Oh. OH!
Ninjazz: And a Beautiful mind too
BTW: Was that movie streamed yet?
Chrysalis: Probably not. Before I told my parents I was a brony, I got a random gift from a guy from Sweden called Misha. 'Twas a Luna-themed shirt. I just told them I thought he was joking.
02drf, you know I'm funny :'D
They didn't mind.
im getting them to send it to me
I found a hilarious thread
http://www.ponychan.net/chan/show/res/36356219.html#36367186
I was making a Rarity Generosity ref, SirGanjalf.
08,01BarneyAndPonies: yes!
08,01<3
Anyways, I gotta eat. bbl
Ninjazz: Well, I was making a ref to that movie with Russell Crowe:p
/me hugs Ninjazz dont leave me
Spell-of-Gaming ITS ALL A CONSPIRACY MAN!
13just switched which line it's all echoing to
cya Ninjazz
Don't think i watched it, SirGanjalf. :S
Spell-of-Gaming: Oh, lol.
Before I get even more hungry, Later! :$
13NOW it's switched
Hey how do you reserve names?
hmm, I should probably get to bed, it's 2:32 and I'm going camping at 10:00
so g
Perfect.
'night ya'll
13oh
bye
At least, I think so.
Scroll to the bottom, where it's the good part
I might need a close up of someones face while they talk.
Ninjazz: It's called "A Beatiful Mind" - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0268978/
13yeah that won't be for a couple scenes i think
13oh here we go
Typical that now Grievous shows up.
08,01right, i think i'll stream
where can i get cheap MS points
It might be out by like, half a second
But that could just be because I'm staring.
13yeah
Chrysalis I got mine from EB games... OVER PRICED! 30$ for 1500
im in the UK
08,01right, should be going now
yep
13oh god i just realized what he says... after how many times watching this movie...
13"no miswired jokes"
Just got here, what's it streaming?
dat command
Pfft.
dat command window
Ill be back guys. Ima play some Suarbraten
and then some toribash.
and then youtube
I was just casually scrolling through Ponychan when suddenly, I heard someone inhaling.
and then return here
I jumped in my chair.
>j
>skrillex
wat
SWEETIE BOT BIG RACE! xD
:3
Chancellor Derpatine.
08,01Chrysalis: you'll see
08,01there are instructions with it
I pity the foo' who has to wait for buffering.
there are instructions....
ok, i was worried
now im scared
:O
laggy utube vid
"Giant hat" Must be FiW.
The stream is laaag
Am I the only one hearing clicking noices?
noises*
13yeah it's delayed... bummer..
oooh, love this song :3 Click Click Click Click~
Kammerjunk: i hear them too
4G'night drf </late>
Rarity has giant hats
Ever so slightly.
I MUST BE FIW
08,01oh dear, is it being shitty?
<--- clicking noises
Only pops
But still a million times better than lag.
Spell-of-Gaming: Exactly.
08,01that was such a good song, i'm going to play it again
08,01hopefully without the clicks
xD
Do ho ho.
No sounds, except for clickz
08,01still doing it?
There we are
:3
:D
Yeah, giant hats. Must be FiW.
Now it's perfect
It's unsynced for me
:P
13now to try with just stereo mix
I haven't actually seen much of FiW.
I'll never get why that sentry fired rockets into the sky.
Is this the unrobotized version? :D
08,01this is a rockk/ska cover
Would love to hear Sweetiebot's VA unrobotized :D
Though i prefeer the original
This is pretty good though
08,01rarity
Idd
08,01i love you
08,01I LOVE YOu
Peeeerfect.
FFFFFFFFFFRRRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNDDDDDDDDDDDDSSSSSSSSSSS
13but you can hear the volume varying cause it's tied to system volume
xD
I love Rarity too. ;)
Love this one XD
13so the restream method is out
3alright, guys
3night
I think all things considered that's probably the least of all so far encountered evils.
Gnight SlurryMoon! Take care.
Cutie mark acquision program.
nighty SlurryMoon
:D Hotdiggedydemon!
08,01it's not hotdiggetydemon
This is a good cover.
08,01it's shercloppones
08,01dat bassoon
^
08,01every time i see Luna now, i can't help but think Johnny Wisaeu
Good or bad thing?
08,01not sure
https://www.facebook.com
13i guess with left 4 dead stereo mix is kind of okay cause this mid-range volume is fine for shooting zombies
lol
08,01RainbowDash07: wow, neat site
13for audiosurf though i like to play with volume to get more out of the track.. which screws with streaming
Why you post FaceBook?
yes
RainbowDash07: did u only just discover it?
08,01hey, did you know that Facebook is valued at $108 BILLION?
yes
I'm not happy to hear that.
Facebook is gonna be the next MySpace, I'm sure of it.
08,01facebook is worth more as a company than GlaxoSmithkline
hey did u kno Facebook bought Instagram for 1 billion dollars
08,01which is FUCKING SCARY
The only thing I listen for in any game are hostiles, that and I really don't know the difference between just about everything you've decided to tweak.
It's already taken over, Spell-of-Gaming.
08,01if money is power, Facebook is more powerful than a fucking BIG PHARMA company
DONT. GIVE. PINKIE. A. PORTAL. GUN!
Oh wait, she can teleport anyways
I can tell you what the stream sounds like and what it looks like, that's about it. I'm the Applejack of this whole affair.
I wonder what Facebook would do with all that?... I think they might become a second Google.
13yeah but more help than i'm getting at least
13everyone else is asleep or near asleep...
13>she says as it's almost 5am
http://www.angrybirds.com/
Ninjazz: Google already has a social network. :P
day aria
this day aria :3
Yeah, the benefit of being on GMT time. Since it's almost 11AM from my perspective.
YouTube?
Or wuthewah its called
08,01i'm totally gonna play This Day Aria next
Awesome: It could be worse - http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-how-do-i-set-this-thing-to-muffin.jpg
You should get some sleep.
This theme song.
Really good.
yeah, evening all.
Ronbow Dosh :D
Hey, XAX!
HATZ!
Hats?
13yep... going to do that now ><
Wear big hats is raritys talent
Everyone dislike Spike, wut
Hehe. G'night.
Dat break in music
She must play alot of tf2
:D
Time for the most legit song ever.
This day is goo.
YES love this song so much
Ohai Meanwhile
:D
Allo.
what song was it that had sisterhooves social and the coop d'etat?
this ari
Time for the most Disneyest song outside of Disney
a
:P
a
13nacht ponies~
a
08,01i love the way they draw her expressions
a
08,01fucking hell the animation
08,01<33333
Gnight Shizuka!
nacht Shizuschlafen
08,01ni ni Shizuschlafen <3
Dat pause face.
bbl guys :D :P :)
This is better than Medusa singing :D
g'night Shizuschlafen
08,01is it still desync'd?
Nope
who did her voice?
08,01awesome
One open eye, one closed eye?
EVIL EYE! +
Pirate impression.
Awesome: why not
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evil_eye
08,01WINGS TIME
Evil wink.
08,01WIIIIIIIIING
08,01S
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/133703085048.png
FLY!
08,01SIDE WINGY BITS
epic song is epic!
Mine.
dat laugh
Shining armour is like: Derp
Shining Armour be all 6_9
o.0
shining armour.mp4?
does floppy disks
singing floppydrives
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/133702981244.png
:)
DERRR LUUURTZ GUUURTZ MUUURUUUUD!
O__O
This one.
I thought that were Tesla Coils:D
I wasn't a brony yet but damn did this song make me want to sing the first time I heard it.
Close enough
mmmmm singing tesla coils
yhe hammer of the gods demands ponies!
Ninjazz, the power of ingram!
Ikr.
08,01one of my projects this summer is a singing solid-state tesla coils
for gods sake tell me the title of this vid i must like and comment
The man is a musical genious.
hi everpony im back
Wish i have the hub, or boomerang as it is here in sweden
:(
whos streaming? :o
ah/
Welp, it's game time. Orcs don't stab themselves (often).
Seeya later everypony.
Have fun, Meanwhile. Later.
xmasskills: search for winter wrapup on floppy drives
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/133703472208.jpg I want to see this film.
im not banned any more
somepony_else: little late for that
This is AWESOME :$
Ninjazz: Listen to chapter 3 yet? :o
...
XD
Getting my iPod now. :$
Kammerjunk, whats the original film called?
:<
Phase4: Being John Malkovich. It's pretty good.
i might START reading chapter 4 tonight
like, right now
muahahhahahahhahhah
I promise chpter 3 gets read by tonight.
a
aa
a
Kammerjunk, "A puppeteer discovers a portal that leads literally into the head of the movie star, John Malkovich. " o_O
a
Phase4: Pretty much, yeah.
a
ok then
smile floppy disks
a
/me needs to make a list of things to watch
a
We should have seen it yesterday, in theme with the wtf-am-I-watching films.
a
h
Kammerjunk: Agree
ol
back to my games
kp
lop[kdojfsdf
ds
fsdf
Where is a mod when you need him?
sd
f
somepony should play some mlp-songs on theremin and upload them to youtube :)
There.
Aye. Mods be best ponies. Sometimes...
sssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd you all
Space? SPACE? SPAAAAAAAAAAACE!
Lemon.
Mares don't know 'bout my ignore function.
:O Lemon Demon?
08,01yup
Neil Cicierega!
Hey, looks like we share the same thought process, Kammerjunk.
lemon demon
Yay!
Think i've heard them before?
haha
Killerlemon? or whatever his name is?
Is it the same that did The ultimate showdown?
Lemon demon
Awesome: yes
I KNEW IT!
08,01Ninjazz: lemme check
Ninjazz: Not all bans are permanent, but I am inclined to agree.
Wow, I haven't heard from these guys in a long time.
oh wow, taras been putting up some risky screenshots recently
my fav of his songs is fiberglass monkey
Kammerjunk: Well, I was just thinking, "Didn't we just ban someone a while ago"? Might be him.
including shots of scripts!
08,012 secs, phone call
08,01it's my floor manager for the con
Ninjazz: But wasn't that the 30 min ban Ish got for otakon shipping?
Who shipped what?
08,01Ninjazz: it was an hour ban that's now expired
Ah.
I am confused
The joys of not knowing all that goes on.
08,01i have no idea what this next video is
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0loVd16NIOk
TheRandomkid321: IshBestPony or IshSexestPony shipped otakon with something or other, and Wrek got tired of it after kicking people for it multiple times.
oh
lag
:D
YES
Liek diz song :3
name of vid
hi
im back
Kammerjunk: I was talking about when Ghosties and Val were still talking about the olden days, someone came in and got himself banned.
Stamp on the ground
Oh.
kk
Twilight and Cadens Stamping on the ground
why the lag :(
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-awesome-big-brother-shining-armor.jpg
Who is Cadens?
Cadence* She is the third alicorn.
08,01LOLSLOWINTERNET
Forever "sunshine sunshine" :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tx1XIm6q4r4
HAHA
You really like that picture, huh?
O____o
oh gawd so hawt
Cadnce is best po- I TAKE IT BACK!
da faq is that?
/me unzips pants
/me 08,01zips TheRandomkid321's pants back up again
lol
Aw
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/133693961895.png Fund it.
Hey, MP3 is out today!
Inb4 someone suggests a .mov
IM AWEsome
im awesome
!!!im awesome
oh ;p;
lol*
How could i forget
Ninjazz: nope, I gave up on those being seen here :D
wtf
lol
Still, somehow some one still suggests them.
the lulz. They have been brought.
Mark Petrie - Can't Give Up
Search that one up.
The best pony picture ive ever seen was one with Spike playing with dolls from the Finaly witha caption saying Spike was plying with dolls before it was cool then dark helmet saying B!tch please! With him playing with dolls. I loled so hard.
Illt ry to find it
I want to see how people react
08,01someone suggest me something to stream
IM awesome rainbow dash
Like do you want video names?
08,01okay, who has skype and would like me to stream them?
lol Get famous.
no one
08,01heh
I found my fav picture on the interebs http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-you-werent-the-first-spike.jpg
^
:D
hello everypony
>: O
:D:D:D:D
lol
He even wore those glasses before they were cool:D
LightTrooper105, hey!
i just arive and got rick roll..
ಠ_ಠ
XAX| HE IS WATCHING US!
what a nice time to start the internet.
Hey LightTrooper105 :D
Know that feeling LightTrooper105
and hi btw
*sings along*
hEY GUYS
getting old and new nicknames mixed up... D:
I actually like the song
/me give Ninjazz, MaidSurge and SirGanjalf cup of tea and muffin
I kinda wanna link a screamer video. But I dotn want to be banned
:)
lo
l
Hey Trixie!
08,01okay, i'm gonna open up #vinyl_scratch for suggestions
Yay!
My gosh
:)
I been waiting a long time for this!
Hi, Claude.
All comments are awesome. V ^
I have to do a presentation today
hi Ninjazz
Ahhh. Gotta get my good list open. Gimme a second.
o.o
/me hugs Ninjazz
/me hugs Claude back >_>
I am going back to basics guys so dadadadadad ta da
Ta DA!
Oh no...
o.o..
i love this opne so much
Dat '80ies Rarity
shiz im up for presentation now wish me luckyness :D
iu love this one
Good luck Trixie!
I'm so lucky in love
Good luck, Trixie...
08,01GOOD LUCK TRIXIE
08,01BREAK A NECK
^
good Luck trixie
good luck Trixie brake a leg!
08,01<3
Indeed.
Now I wonder, are does sentient in FiM? :D
08,01MaidSurge: does?
08,01as in female deer?
Yeah
You have excellent taste, RainBowJack.
08,01i presume so, yes
08,01though we've never seen one talk
Because they might get upset at Jane Doe being an anonymous name :D
08,01and i think you mean "sapient" not "sentient"
i just like this one D.Notive made
but D.Notive hase more songs i like
Putting your mane down is also one of my favorites
^
is this still playing?
Yes
I cannot stop laughing at the Secret Level in D3.
Dat accent.
o.o...
Well. EMptyness... are people checking out the suggestions?
lol maybe
You can always tell what A LivingTombStone song sounds like.
Ninjazz yeah. That accent
Dat foreign cheer.
08,01RAMCHAAAAAAA
damn, beat me to it
HURAAAA
but i'm okay with that;)
URAAAAA!
still cute :D
Finished my presentation
russian Fluttershy is to cute
Good morning
I have the most peculiar erection right now...
The hell :D
yay :D
oo
/me pokes MaidSurge
TheRandomkid321: >.>
>is playing tf2
What does he mean?
>listining to song about minecraft
Hey PrincessLuna!
I did the first bit of the power point and I said I wanted to read my piece and my group member said "You didn't do any of it, so shut the BUCK up BITCH!"
THIS
:O
manly tears all over this
He already skipped mine... :'( I ONLY WANTED TO SHARE A BEDTIME STORY!
aww
awwww yeaaa
One of the many others.
I need a hug
I accidentally clicked X on that ad.
It's me!
/me hugs Trixie
i nearly did
/me pats Trixie's back
They are now bitching about me not doing anything and saying that they did it all and now my whole group is pissed with me
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/133720866513.jpg
I hate them
08,01i'm just picking at random
D':
Trixie: :(
LET THE SHINING ARMOUR PHOTOBOMBS BEGIN!
Alright.
:D TheRandomkid321
I don't think I've seen you take requests before. The last one who did went down the list.
Ninjazz2? :O
Ninjazz2? WHAT TYPE OF PLACE IS THIS?!?!!?!?!?!
Everytime...
Ninjazz clone?
Sort of. :S
Let me solve the problem.
/me pulls out chainsaw
o.o...
HALT!
Who let the changelings in?
Uhhh.
/me pulls out trusty revolver
CYA GUYS!
hello thur..
Now which one is the real one
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/133694209177.png
/me puts away chainsaw
There, he's gone.
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/133703259439.png
Yup.
lol
Positive?
lol
Maby the real Ninjazz left and YOUR THE CHANGELING!
:|
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/133703187088.png
o.o
/me shoots Nnjazz
Or you're crazy, TheRandomkid321.
Spell-of-Gaming: OTP
My name's... NOT... NNJAZZ
>is playing D3 nightmare difficulty
oh sorry
:D
Sure thing, Nnjazz.
/me shoots ninjazz
ok o.o..
YEESSSSSS
Opps
ultimate forum weapom
hi :)
/me Shoots Ninjazz
my name's.... not... ninjazz.
*weapon
:3
/me fianlly dies
>:)
lol
:D
wat
:D
when will this episode start >:(
Man each of these golden diamond encrusted bullest cost me 1000 dollars
Lol
:[ godd
^
08,01FUCK YOU I DO WHAT I WANT
08,01<3
Indeed!
it this the episode or online for realz its my first time
http://pinkie.ponychan.net/chan/files/src/133718472662.png
you know if someone got this gif he could make that video :D
Omg!! I have returnrd to Awesome!! :D
lol :3
*returned
No episodes are currently being shown, realrainbowdash. But if you stay for a while you could get to see some movies.
Good morning everypony :P
welcome back then RaveBrony?
Hey LightTrooper105 :)
HEY RAVE!
Ninjazz AHH! ZOMPONY!
6_9 derp
:|
Ni Ninjazz! :)
/me shoots several times at Ninjazz
oh no. STOP! YOUR MAKING A MISTAKE!
moo
yay ^.^ it started
hi
NO!
I shall not take part in this grimdark rp.
QUIT NOW!
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo >:(
COVER YOUR EARS!
lol you all in for a treat.
o.o..
:O
Hehehehehe
OH PULL OUT YOUR HEADPHONES
SOMETHING!
:[ fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
08,01this is what i sound like when my code segfaults
oh no. I JUST GOT IT OUT OF MY HEAD! NOOO!
lawl
http://www.google.com.ph/imgres?q=mlp+fim+funny+pics&hl=fil&gbv=2&biw=1152&bih=763&tbm=isch&tbnid=kJ1zzyM88WYwCM:&imgrefurl=http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/ponymov&docid=iDeAUabh5p5JGM&imgurl=http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/262/734/66f.png&w=449&h=481&ei=PCW2T9rwJueSiQfx2q3wCA&zoom=1&iact=rc&dur=501&sig=111944998267161917648&page=2&tbnh=125&tbnw=118&start=25&ndsp=33&ved=1t:429,r:19,s:25,i:161&tx=86&ty=76
O_O
dat link o.o..
That...wallll
ouu man its on air change it to something else godd!
08,01long link is looooooooong
RanbowDash Select copy image adress
RaveBrony :3
:D all those bad words :D
its easier
Hey XAX|ipod! :)
What link? I seem to have ignored the offender.
What did they post?
/me shrugs
That's better >_>
:| wow this is stuiped can we watch the final episode or mlpfim
^ lol
shutup
08,01man, i love this video
/me sighs
/me Points revolver at realrainbowdash
Give him a break guys. He's new.
bye
http://www.google.com.ph/imgres?q=mlp+fim+funny+pics&start=154&hl=fil&gbv=2&biw=1152&bih=763&tbm=isch&tbnid=_UEHiieDnA9ARM:&imgrefurl=http://www.councilofexmuslims.com/index.php%3Ftopic%3D18137.30&docid=CAidjT1RJgqP3M&imgurl=http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/2324ba38dc95d61bed022cce179de430/48997%252520-%252520celestia%252520demotivational_poster%252520samurai_jack%252520seasons_of_death%252520spring.jpg&w=608&h=534&ei=oSW2T7LWH4qtiAfuzKTfCA&zoom=
Cya realrainbowdash. Remember! YouTube!
actaully this the first video I see before i become a brony...
realrainbowdash: Dude. We don't want pony episodes 24/7.
/me starts beat boxing
Only becasue these Diamond encrusted gold bullets cost me 1000 big ones per round
LightTrooper105: That's awesome! :D
08,01realrainbowdash: it's requests hour!
08,01realrainbowdash: go to #Vinyl_Scratch and request something if you'd like
yay almost oner ^.^
over*
First vid i saw that introduced me to MLP;FiM is Intensive Pony Unit :D
Ninjazz I know after that video I got curious so I watch the episode and later I become a brony lol
his not
:D
Mee and claude
play the last episode or mlpfim plz
o.o
:O
of*
wait...
oh
what the hell o.o
realrainbowdash: I get the feeling you're not listening.
WTB!?
I was playing TF2. Porn Spray. Hater. Met good bronies for once. Watched episodes. Wrote it down on my FIMfiction bio.
O_O
Wtf is this?
O_o
lol
what u meen
LOL
Haha :D
Oh my god Dutch comercial
realrainbowdash: We don't watch pony episodes 24/7.
Ninjazz I heard you stroy before :D
:o
i guess this guy wants us to see stuff that we dont ;/
Noooo
dammit i press the "x"
I wrote it down, LightTrooper105. If you're interested in hearing the tale in detail.
o__o
Did anyone else just try to click away the ad?
I tried closing the bottom bar lol
08,01realrainbowdash: so far, you're the only person who is complaining
:| wow...
realrainbowdash: Or rather, that you don't. Nopony here is obliged to watch the stream.
Ninjazz I remember you did told us before in detail too
08,01realrainbowdash: if you'd like to request something, go to #Vinyl_Scratch
lol nopony :)
:O
BlazeAngel :)
08,01i'm just playing what people are requesting
You were there for the very first storytime, LightTrooper105?
http://www.google.com.ph/imgres?q=bronystate+funny&hl=fil&gbv=2&biw=1152&bih=763&tbm=isch&tbnid=ezIkaN-zgc8AJM:&imgrefurl=http://cheezburger.com/TemplateView.aspx%3Ftiid%3D4578235%26page%3D2&docid=CDXb3m5PBfy5WM&itg=1&imgurl=http://images.cheezburger.com/completestore/2011/12/24/d1432cc8-3417-4e26-8f18-2d6653e33704.jpg&w=400&h=300&ei=rSa2T9jqJMKciQf8_YHaCA&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=742&vpy=459&dur=923&hovh=194&hovw=259&tx=130&ty=196&sig=1119449982671619
lol this is good
08,01tbh, i normally don't play stuff i don't like, like this
:D
Derpy.me
INB4 kick.
yes Ninjazz I was
08,01but you've caught me on a good day
I wanted all of you to know, I will not be here for... 3 days or something, just wanted you to know. :3
Tie on the Rainbow! :D
Hey, BlazeAngel.
08,01also, y'know what? i do actually feel like streaming ponies
INB4 3.6.
everypony this is the best thing i have ever seen cause im laughing my butt off of this lo:D
08,01so go to #Vinyl_Scratch and vote for an episode
i almost forget how fantastic voice rarity have
*forgot
08,01realrainbowdash: you know your keyboard has punctuation symbols, right? :P
08,01so far, the only episode suggestion i've had is Newborn Cuties.
yes
0.0
Haha.
Could ya turn off the ad please? ITS DRIVING ME CRAZY!
lo :D
p/p
Oh God
woah!! Ive gtg everypony!! Cya and sorry for leaving during this awesome stream! D:
o.o
Cya Rave! Take care.
Valedico, RaveBrony.
bye
Its not just anyrock. Its an igneous rock.
It's the sonic rainboom!
Huzzah
i did that :D
Dat tails
08,01okay, so far we have 1 vote for Newborn Cuties, and one for Winter Wrap Up
Who voted...
I want some Newborn Cuties. YES COEM AT ME! HA HA
Ninjazz: The world may never know.
NEWBORN CUTIES
08,01okay, i really don't want to stream Newborn Cuties
i vote newborn cuties
Aww.
08,01so it's going to be Winter Wrap Up
Kammerjunk!!!
ohhh but I want it. MWAHAHAH
Awww
Fine. I'll just wait for Dari.
FUUUUUUUUUUUU
/me 
I'm okay with that
no winter wrap up!
.jpg
EVERYONE VOTE FOR LUNA ECLIPSED
Wait. does Dari stream Newborn cuties?
We have votes for luna eclipsed
Awww yeah!
Huzzah!
TheRandomkid321: No, he just once agreed with me that he SHOULD stream Newborn Cuties some time.
oh ok.
Winter Wrap Up. I forget just how awesome S1 was. :)
Wait. who is _?
hi
08,01how's the stream?
MONSTROUS sound lag here:|
08,01all sync'd?
<3
Dat sync?
off sync
It's not synced
08,01ah, bugger.
Unsynced.
Its buggered
08,01let's try that again
SPiekw itht wilights voice?
lol spike, raity really is creeped out by your moustach
08,01how about now?
kk
better
Alot better.
:S wheres the sceane?
Thanks.
dat saddle
I don't know about you guys... But dat saddle.
hi
I mean the way she puts in on.
Ninjazz THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE!
Dat Checkov's Organization
winter wrap up!
MINE HAD MAOR WORDS!
yay!
love this<3
/me Kcicks ninjas teeth out
My name is not Ninjas.
YOU FAIL.
Sure thing, zzajnin
08,01COME TO BED.
/me Shoots Ninjazz in the head
/me kicks TheRandomkid321 into a bottomless pit
04No
finnaly a chat room with no ads or no anthing just an episode :$
Lol
AWWWW SHIIIII
/me lands in pit
Alright everypony, I'm heading off to work. Everyone have a great day :)
kk
Cya PrincessLuna.
04Fare thee well, Princess
One of the best songs ever... :)
08,01realrainbowdash: we generally only stream pony at the weekends, but i felt like watching an episode
SONG.
Valedico, PrincessLuna! Luna laudet nodet!
me too
Have a nice day, PrincessLuna :)
Dat... speed up? :D
What episode is on?
she left probs?
^this:)
/me is not watching stream.
XAX: Winter Wrap Up
its friday...
Ah.
who made a charter?
lol i did
>charter
wut?...
08,01Luna nos custodit! Prestante Luna!
2 cherryblossom and blackberrien i have more but there private ones :)
08,01Domine Luna! Sempere lux Luna!
08,01<3 Kammerjunk
This is an english service, gentlemen.
okay i saw an blooper docter hooves is in all of the teams and he not a pegusi! hes an earthy pony!
lol<3
08,01realrainbowdash: just out of curiosity, how old are you?
08,01purely out of curiosity, not judging or anything
i hate sharing personle info:'(
/me puts hands on mouth
Okie Dokie Lokie.
ill just tell you im under 11
Record maker?
Ooh, really, realrainbowdash?
thats it!:[
:Owhat
Tis fine, realrainbowdash.
okaie dokie<3
But serriously, is he a record breaker? Youngest pony I've heard say their age was 12.
Yup, he is. I'm 11, actually. :P
08,01we've briefly had a 10 year old in before
im a girl:|
But I act like some immature idiot
Changes nothing.
me to
As a twelve year old I feel I must comment. :P
Why are we talking about age?
i know how you feel
There was one girl who was 8 year old
Minjusomething
Really?
Just wondering, does someone so young counts as a brony?
08,01i am obliged to remind everyone at this point that our channel is rated 14+
Ohey, Vordox.
Hai Ninjazz *nom nom sandwich* SANDWICH
im older then 9
Moist and delicious?
I've seen worst things on the internet. :I
me too 0.0
08,01Spell-of-Gaming: you really haven't
08,01seriously, you have not seen the worst of the internet
^
08,01i guarantee you that
^
Don't even try looking for them too.
Wait so WHY are we talking about age?
I just add: And you don;t want too.
ive seen..whacht this mlpfim cupcakes on youtube
Sorry I bugged out :P
Trust me... You'll never reach the bottom of the abyss of horrors.
I've seen the yaoi board of 4chan
oh god why
08,01Spell-of-Gaming: yaoi is cute
well i gotta go cause you dont wanna know bye!
I shall keep quiet. Don't want any young ones curious as to what I have seen.
SNAKES!
BAAAATS
0.0
Snakes. Why does it always have to be snakes?
NOT THE BEEES
/me 08,01licks Diftraku right back
^
not the beees
SKUUUNKS
Saaaaaaake
08,01kooyanitskatsi
bye
08,01see you realrainbowdash
Bai
Bumpkin
08,01Gold_Demona!
08,01<3
Hi Gold_Demona.
And everypony else too. lol XD
:)
08,01dat plotsqueeze
/me datplotfaec
FAIL
Now this part made me feel sorry for Twilight.
Crying ponies usually do make me feel pretty down.
:(
Ninjazz: Then this will make you burst in tears: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4496/
08,01confused Rainbow Dash is best Rainbow Dash
:S
;)
...
I hate that part. :'(
that cry
Dat... Rarity.
08,01POOR CARAMEL
08,01SO CUTE
Gravy? :O
but...
DAMMUT CARAMEL!
Dat Ditzy Doo shout out
I wonder if the Derpy fans acknoledged that.
08,01TWILIGHT uses IMPERIUS CURSE
08,01it's super effective
dat Lyra
And that is why I Twilight will always be the leader.
Twilight is definately gonna be a princess.
Nothing I'm reading. Thanks anyway, _.
dem bees
hi everypony :D
Hello, Want.
08,01it's made from the skins of ponies from all three teams.
allo Want
This is my first time :D
:)
Being here or being a brony?
Welcome Want =)
hi Want
being a brony
Spike Drowned
:O
In that case!
becouse iam brony
jerks
hello bronystate!
>:O
08,01hi diddutz!
hey diddutz
they just...stood and laughed
Hey diddutz
Hey diddutz!
hi diddutz
Welcome Welcome Welcome, Want! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix7vrluEm4E
I wonder how pony hygiene works. :P
we need new video
I KNOW!
THE last roundup
Dat DOS-like interface
continue soul eater?
No, do the GIlda episode.
Andrew Goliath? Is that your name?
i bookmarked
WAT
O_O
O.o?
Gold_Demona, calling that dos is an insult to unix shells everywhere
:(
Sorry, I know nothing of Linux or Unix, and it looks like DOS to me. =P
I HATe clopfics
ANYPONY HATE CLOPFICS???
08,01i believe someone else is gonna stream now
Nvm
Gold_Demona, when you learn how to use it, dos becomes the worst scum computing has ever seen
....
Well, it's a good thing nobody uses dos anymore, then. XP
08,01i remember using DOS quite effectively when i was 7
?
Forgive my ignorance.
08,01then i learned Linux
/me hugs Gold_Demona
08,01and DOS suddenly became pretty lame
linux? i have apc
i hvae VISTA
I still use DOSBox though(anypony?)
Heh, I still recall some old MS-DOS commands, and some people go 'how'd you know THAT?' - MS-DOS! :P
i've used dosbox
6_9
I still do SirGanjalf.
08,01the first OS i used was something called CP/M, which probably only one of you in here has heard of
:P
TROLolollololoolol
Likely :P
Where is the video?
Oh. Hey Lasharus!
08,01ah, i remember the days of setting your config.sys by hand so that you had enough memory to run a specific game
Mind went blank for a second.
why is everypony ingoring me? :(
:'(
there's no stream at the moment, Want
08,01i made this boot menu, so that i could boot into "Doom mode", which didn't load the CD driver
Oh?
08,01Want: needy much?
Yesh
Hey Ninjazz.
08,01also, Phase4 is setting up his stream, i believe
/me 08,01hugs Want
:D
:O
PHASE?!
yeah, need to install stuff though
wat is strem?
YOU BE STREAMIN PHASE?!
and adobe hides fmle behinde a login
Ninjazz, breathe.
stream*
stream = video
Oh, Phase4 streaming for the fist time?
/me breathes...
Wow.
Better.
My full usernamei s Want a hug brony? :)
Yes.
08,01okay, while Phase4 is setting up, i'll do some cool terminal stuff
:P
:P :P :P
:P :P :P :P :P :P
Oh dear lord...
I like trains! =D
Whoa!
o.o
O.o Phase will STREAM!?
well, that was unexpected O.o
:p :P P: :P :P
lol
Choo Choo!
Chuu chuu
It keeps crashing the stream for me, mind.
I liek trains
:3
Dat train
*trian runs over spell ofgaming
HAHAHAHAHAHHAH
I like trains .___.
Teehee
*trian runs over u
so many buttons
04What you shouldn't do
08,01so he's on gmail
04Is poke a brain
04Because then
04You get hit
04...by a train
/me runs over Want
08,01or at least, he was
:P :P :P :P :P :P :P :P :P :P
:P
08,01but he's no longer internetting
IZ INVCBILE
:P
And then you have to use dill on your head?
/me hops aboard the Train
Seems like fairly boring traffic.
*a drill
O_O
08,01more facebook and google
*gets on train*
Boring.
*grabs scootaloo rocket lanucher*
...does your brother visit ANYTHING but Google? Ye gods.
Google plus, I assume?
Where the hell is Equestria Daily in the list?
Scootaloo: Helloooo
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lp1car648C1qluq1ro1_500.jpg :O
08,01so it looks like he was trying to install something on linux
08,01_: i've not, no
bronystate put a video upp
Aww
08,01ah, it looks like he was trying to install ufraw
Doctor whoofs here
on sourceforge?
08,01which is a program in linux for manipulating SLR RAW images
:P
Dr. Robotnik here Want. :P
Yay fanboyism.
Want: it's up to the mods if they want to stream or not.
Why would he want that?
Ok?
Moar Facebook and Google
08,01Ninjazz: he's a photographer
Ahhhh.
All is clear now.
08,01also, he's connecting into facebook using SSL
i want to make new username
Honestly
08,01i could do an SSLstrip MiM attack on him
08,01and get his passwords
08,01but i'm not that unkind
lol
Why the hell do I understand this
08,01Phase4: you ready to stream yet?
..And this is why you do not want to join a chat late.
aparently its refusing to work
Dat quote
That might not have made me jump.
William Shakes-his-spear:P
o.o
i suspect its anothe x64 bug
OH GOD
MY EYES
Dose purdy colors
This music.
Dat Sexy Starcraft 2. How I've missed it.
helllo bronies
08,01it randomly chooses the foreground and background colours
:)
This sounds like it's from RCT3
Hello Twilight.
:/
08,01if they're the same, it changes them so that they're not
hey Twilight
It might be just my imagination though
ohai Twilight
hold on, let me try rebooting
hello
/me has images of Derpy popcorn
^
Reborting why?
ooooo
It sure is colorful, I'll say.
00,10hey I called it. 4am.
Hey Sumi!
hi Sumica
Hi Sumica
ohai Sumica
More Derpy popcorn
08,01that probably bored 99% of you
08,01diddutz: they're inluded in the program Fortune
08,01it's a standard unix program
ah, ok
Night errypony :)
NIght
nope, that didnt work :(
Night XAX
08,01should i stream some more pmvs?
08,01Phase4: me?
fmle on windows
can anypony put a video on?
08,01hang on, i'll pm you on skype
Be patient, Twilight.
I saw a video with pinkie pie doing something to rainbow dash O.o
08,01Sumica: aye, unfortunately
08,01it's random
*not cupcakes
like about to suck rainbow dashs ****
O_O
Twilight: You should maybe conside to move to another corner of the internet...
Ew! I'm eating here! ><
11.•10«11WB10 (Drake10) 11WB10»11•. 10- As long as you clean up after him then sure
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
*consider
SO STOP FAPPINGTO PONYS!
Its stupid!
/me sighs
Tsk Tsk Tsk.
...
hai everybody
After I'm gone, your Earth will be free to live out its miserable span in existance as one of my satellites, and that's how it's going to be.
Why are you telling US this. We didn't post the video. ¬.¬
Hey EpicPwnTime3.
hey EpicPwnTime3
Oooo
Dat GBA
No.
Is there any Kid Icarus game there?
Color
pokemon :)
Twilight: So much for love and tolerance.
Pokeymans! =D
Probably just a wrong brony, Kammerjunk.
Oh, hello everypony.:)
young*
hey TheRainbowDash
This was my first gameboy game.
Hey Dashie!
I watched that video Pinkie pie opend up and sucked her im not telling!
Oh god
heya TheRainbowDash
the music
I'll only be on for 15 minutes, though.
You know wat it is it was digusting
My first Gameboy was... A Nintendo DS.
I was never a big Nintendo fan.
My first game was Spyro the Dragon on GBA.
Oooo, Pokemon, on the Gameboy! My young childhood, back to life!
Twilight, please stop
I actually liked that game. It was pretty cool to play while walking around the house.
I used to hate Sony, until I found out how awesome some of their casual games are. :P
I used to hate EA, but the- oh wait...
Eyup.
I used to hate Activision, turns out I still do and that damn EA, oh and don't forget Micro$oft.
look up my clopping ponies friendship are benefits
/me facehoof
...Why would I do that?
08,01i don't know why it's running so slow
I'm with Kammerjunk. Why would I do that?
hey everypony
You just plainly said that you didn't like it... Now you're telling us to go look for it?
Hello RoboGerbil! (waves and hugs) How are you today?
I'm still trying to eat my breakfast here...
Hey RoboGerbil.
thank celestia for the ignore function...
TheRainbowDash: im doing good
I know exactly how you feel Gold_Demona. I was just drinking tea.
I'm eating lunch.
I'm breathing air.
I should be eating lunch, but I'm lazy.
Sony needs more casual games if they want to appeal more people. But like I said, "IF".
It may be disturbing, but God dammit, it won't ruin my appetite.
RoboGerbil: Good to hear then! After taking my finals yesterday, I threw that out of the water. So, I feel relaxed.
It's 7:33am where I am. So it's breakfast time. =P
13:33 here. Random snack time.
:P
lol
9:34pm.
Because ANY time is random snack time.
Yeah, half past 1 AM here as well.
Did anypony watch that video?
same here Lasharus ^^
Twilight - how about no.
Tru dat Lasharus
No.
TheRainbowDash: finals eh? done for the year or done for ever?
04Man, I wish I had some eggs, some bacon, grits, sausage, and biscuits
I want a reaciton
The title was alone to make me think 'screw THAT'
Lasharus: Same time here, but this is my first meal of the day.
You just got it.
RoboGerbil: No, still got more final exams in 2 weeks, ugh...
Ghosties: That does sound delishious.
Oi. Stop making me hungry again. I just ate dinner.
TheRainbowDash: That feel, man.
And fair enough Kammerjunk. :P
Kammerjunk: I thought I am in the clear, and then, more tests (sighs):|
pinkie peis a **** sucker
I just had me some scrambled eggs and bacon. =D
pinkie pie is a **** sucker
TheRainbowDash: Did you just have written exams, and in 2 weeks are your verbal ones?
Twilight: Woah there, slow down.
/me puts Twilight on ignore.
I think we've heard just about enough of this idiocy.
O:>
I know I have.
in videos she is *if there is a clopfic -_-
Eh. Could be worse.
More worse
What, there could be more of them?
It doesn't disturb me personally, but it's still annoying.
Pass.
well, aren't those just the wet your pants scariest gameboy glitch sounds I've heard in a while
Kammerjunk: Nah, completely different classes. I took 2 that counts for high school credit. The ones in 2 weeks, let us just say, are benchmarks.
TheRainbowDash: Oh.
Oh it doesn't DISTURB me Kammerjunk. I just don't have patience for people being idiots.
In that derpy has a ***** and breasts O_O
Lasharus: Exactly.
We've got a little more than forty-eight hours till the chance.
...
TOld ya
...okay, now I'm becoming disturbed.
he's still there?
They are still important though, 10-15% of my grade for the class for each (benchmark).
and gives soraing a ****job
INB4 kick.
THERE that is wat its about
soaring told her to
Either of you two?
Okay. Borderline has been passed.
-_-
Twilight: Woah there....oh my.
That'll work.
Dat automated kick.
Sadly, that just means the moron'll be back.
Maybe.
Ding ding ding.
/me sniffs. "Maybe:"
Am igonna be abnned?
Unfortunately.
Lasharus: Eeyup, I see Twilight back.
Yes, Twilight.
just put him on ignore
DONT KICK ME PLEASE!!!!!!
Twilight: Possibly, if you keep that up.
That was your first warning.
Then stop being a tit.
Tit?
Wat...
Yeah...:D
geesus at the sounds
Moron, idiot, twit, arse...
I've got more.
Twilight: it says you sent too many messages in too little time is all
Take yer pick. :)
Oh
not wat a said?... *gulp*
i*
That's mah line...
Oh, and yes, I'm a cynical bastard.
Let's all take a few breaths here.
Lasharus: I got super bad ones, like racist and strong stuff, that is too much to discuss in mane chat.
:D
(breathes heavily) Psshh..I am fine. There.
Well yes TheRainbowDash. If I were to actually write my throught pattern in here, the chat would probably spontaneously combust.
Im sorry what idid
are you trying to give me ghost of cubone's mother nightmare's?
And then I'd be banned.
:(
08,01i dunno why it's running so slow
It's 7.40 pm here.
Maybe Java's just taking more of your system's resources than expected?
Anyone played Luna Game?
And fair enough Twilight. Just put it this way: this is a PG13 chat. References to clopfics or similar are against the rules.
Lasharus: My thoughts? Don't even want to talk about them. And I guess the Java program is too little.
Oh
so anypony want to play some diablo 3?
It's only sensible.
Lasharus where is that site?
The rules state, and I quote, "Do not discuss or link explicit materials"
What site?
THe pg13 one
...
...that'd be this one.
Ads taking up the gameboy screen now.
so you can.......
This one.
Nvm
Kammerjunk: I actually sent the story of "Cupcakes" on my 2nd day here, I was so derp back then, and still is today.:D
allmost there
Bronystate.com. The one you're currently chatting in the chatroom thereof.
Cupcakes D:
I know tat
What did you do, Dashie?... :|
Quality.
Dem automated kicks.
HEY!!!!!!!!
Ninjazz: Hey, it was my 2nd day, I didn't know anything.
Definite quality.
Oh lol.
PZL STOPQ
Twilight, relax.
It's an automated kick.
he keeps kicking me >:)
There's a chat limit of 6 messages in 10 seconds.
>:(
oh
Dashie... I am dissapoint. :|
-_-
What is this, Zubat vs Zubat? It's like AJ vs. RD because they have the same voice actor.
:[
Ninjazz: I forgot to read rules on my 1st day here, my bad....:D
Twilight: send all your words on 1 message and you wqont get kicked so much lol
Twilight: Just try to send less than 6 messages every 10 seconds and you'll be fine
oh thanks diddutz :D
Well, you're here now, Dashie, so I guess things worked out for the best.
By the way serch a song called duck sauce it ofr mlp sauces
/me is getting Lavender Town flashbacks.
I only wonder why the hell you would post Cupcakes into chat?...
/me goes away eating some stuff
I'll pass. I"m already listening to music.
that's it I'm not going to bed now fuuu gb color!
Yeah, I guess so Ninjazz. And am well more discpined, and a well known regular, and that reminds me....
I have to go now.:P
Very well. Cya Dashie.
bye bye dash
Wait, TheRainbowDash!
Go! PHASE4!
Later TheRaibowDash
bye TheRainbowDash
Did you read the revisions I sent you?
Bye everypony! Hope to see you at Movie Night! Hopefully,. I'll be there also.
Valedico, TheRainbowDash.
Sound and video are off.
Ninjazz: Oh, only for the 1st chapter. I'll read the rest of them later today.
Alright then. Take care. :)
You too Ninjazz .:)
00,10kinda funny how a system with probably 100 times the power cant run the game as well as the intended system.
Not sure if I'll be there for the films tonight.
Emulation's always tricky Sumica. :P
I tried to emulate Conker's Bad Fur Day once.
In theory, my system should be perfectly fine emulating newer systems. In reality, it can barely handle it. :P
My computer was never the same.
im bk
my thing shut off
*not compter*
00,10even old pc games have funny glitches due to system speeds Lasharus
Oh definitely Sumica.
Guys
04Going to bed, night folks
'night Ghosties.
i said im back
08,01okay, Phase4 is gonna stream now
Yes, we're all astounded.
Good nighto ghostieo
Gnight Gh... Gone.
:D
00,10Play birth of the fedreation on a new pc and space combat is done in like half a second
:D
???
Some games aren't naturally FPS-capped. For older games, that gets especially hilarious, Sumica. :p
O_O
I tried playing Commandos 2 on my computer. Way too fast.
:P
And here I thought bad decisions led to experience.
i want a mlp pony
video
ok, checking video
:D
Sweet and Elite
Dat Phase4 Stream!
oh wow, that doesnt look too good
Dat streaming the stream.
Kammerjunk, to quote Kingdom Hearts: "One who knows nothing can understand nothing"
i can see forever O_O
Phase4 you mastred the impossbles of teh internet
Quite.
Woah! Chatception! D:
00,10oh Twilight you are luckiy I am not streaming.
Impressive, Lasharus.
Wait
Why thank you.
Wat is streaming?
00,10You would get so much pony
I get the feeling you are now, Sumica.
/me shudders
At the moment, stream in stream in stream in stream.
*gets popcorn*
It's a bit confusing.
Not the kind of pony he would enjoy.
*drinks soda*
lets gte this video no :D
00,10nah this is Phase4 doing a test stream it seems
Oh darn it
Sumica, are we talking the horrendously bad remixes? :P
Streamception!
havent got the audio working yet
It's always funny seing people demand pony. Then get "pony". Then say WTF and leave.
Inception
that looks much better
:P
Much better Phase!
I tend not to make demands for that very reason Ninjazz. :P
Windowception!
Phase wats to be derp-firneds :P
Aye, Lasharus. Learned our lessons one way or another.
......
nvm
It's just the way I see it. There's a lot of streamers on the site. Sometimes stuff is streamed I like, sometimes stuff I don't like.
I could throw a hissy-fit or do something else until something new is streamed.
Phase4 when is the audio gonna work?
I think I prefer the latter option, personally.
I try not to complain.
Chrysalis is here O:!
Some vids that come up, however... :p
UNLESS, Val is streaming...
:
:P
yes i am
Hello
hi
Val's streams THAT bad Ninjazz? :P
11.•10«11WB10 (Espeon10) 11WB10»11•. 10- WE FULLFILL EACHOTHER
02*WB03(Espeon03)02WB* - * Espeon humps Umbreon <Espeon> *bumps <Espeon> Ahjdahsdsad <Espeon> WTF
good morning browniestate
Morning.
Well... No. But he likes to torment us afterwords.
lol hi ofna01
Hey ofna01.
Ah. Fair enough.
hey Ninjazz
It's allowed to complain about someone being vindictive.
what are you doing up so early?
A few hours ago he streamed The Live Action Play of G3
LOL
I played rbolox or couple hours
BURN IT
for*
roblox*
BURN IT WITH FIRE
Twilight
Yea?
ofna01: Early? It's already 7:52 am BST.
I can honestly say that I have come to tolerate the older generations. But... There is just so much I can handle.
Minecraft > Roblox
?
There's that Ninjazz. :P
05you know you are in sweden when in the TV commercials a valid argument point is "i know kama sutra"
:O
Minecraft>Roblox so?
:D
LOl
;)
I understand its existence, and I will allow it to keep existing. I will not be forced to LIKE it. :P
Minecraft Mods = ROBLOX scripts
Derpz
Idk
Minecraft on Xbox
05no stream?
Exactly, Lasharus!
Phase4 was running a stream... Don't know whats going on now. :S
RainBowJack i love minecraft on xbox
Hey, Phase4! What's going on?
05well guise?
i meet you guys when i get back from school okz?
Twilight out
ofna01 : i think your not the only one there SuperBrony64v has it too
:O
Five minutes until the rerun of "Sweet and Elite" on The Hub.
i have to play with him
Well, seeing how Phase4 is not respoding... I suppose you can Wrek.
really?
allmost got it
And there he is.
Bronies4evar : really?
RainBowJack: Eeyup. Check the schedule. It's 7:55 am Eastern now.
Twilight in
Im back :D
damn i wish i was living in the US
05you still havent told me if there's a stream or not
So when is the video coming on?
ANypony know?
Any*
00,10there is in a way wrek.
05why cant i jsut get a straight yay or neigh
:/
05*sigh*
:| why is video not coming on
twilight sparkle was kissing *the face iused*
>.
>.<
*sorry*
00,10just refreshed looks like no stream wrek
05Twilight: is there a planned even occuring right now?
05no
Nope
05so technically there is no reason there would be a stream
is that face lydria?
:| is this lydria?
no
thats trixie
then who is it......
Oh trixe...
no lydria faces
no wonder
Neigh, Wrek.
Bronies are sick if they make a clopfic *just telling*
"Sweet and Elite" is showing now on The Hub.
:D PUT IT ON PUT IT ON :DD
05good think i dont make clopfics
05only clop
me either
05*grin*
O_O
/me pokerface
00,03>: (
Ohai Scoot-Scootaloo
Wrek you shout be KICKED FOR CLOPING!!
THIS IS NOW A THREAD.
Jk
Jkl
/thread
Jk
thread
:D :D :D
Wrek why?
There appears to be activity goin on... It is now a black screen.
05there was amessage poppign up when you were kicked
*gets popcorn and drink*
Because you're STILL spamming messages in less than 10 seconds.
05did you read it?
Spamming? :(
05did you read it?
Only 48 hours and three minutes until the scene of faith.
Obviously not Wrek, this is only the fifth or sixth time that ban's occurred in the past 5-10 minuts.
*minutes.
00,03It's supposed to say: You were kicked by Wrek [Just because]
00,10wait, wrek writes?
i stop chatting.....
I thought it was BOOM! HEADSHOT!
:'(
00,10I think I might be ok with that idea
sound starts working
video stops
It's not complex Twilight. You may send messages. Just not 6 messages in under 10 seconds.
:(
good morning all
i know alerdy that u guys hate me
/me pats Phase4 on the back
we doesnt hate you
Hey Litwick.
/me hugs Twilight
You dont?
Thanks
051: doesnt respond to rational questions. 2: makes generalized assumptions 3: states we hate you
05thanks
05i didnt hate you
We don't hate you Twilight. You just need to figure out how to behave here. =P
Only 48 hours and TWO minutes until the scene of faith.
05but oyu are makign it hard not to
Indeed.
so many mods at this hour
actualy, i have no clue why this is not workign
Twilight: we dont hate you, were just slightly annoyed
Make that 48 and one minute now.
it was working 5 minutes ago
AHHHHH
now its black screen
darn delays
RANDOM TWILIGHT
Thatwas scary
How did she get glasscis?
And now Wrek stream.
I think you got Hijacked, Phase4.
:D HAHHAHAHHAHA
my first stream has been successfull so far XD
wat hjacked?
this is wrek btw
XD
not me
mines still broken
There is exactly 48 hours until derpy may return. Keep your hooves crossed!
*crosses hooves*
Wuhbwh?
Hope you get it sorted out for future streams, Phase4! :)
*by the way my ponys name is Dubstep Rose
i blame windows
were you streaming (or attempting to stream) before Phase4 ?
he has gray color and rainbow hair and rainbow tail
i still havent made mine
where i on linux this would have not been an issue
*fires a lighter*
Bronies4evar: Are you talking about Hub re-airing The Last Roundup again?
hes eyes are rosed colored
It would be for me Phase4 - never used Linux :p
:P
Moar Wrex?
Also, hey Slurry.
ohai SlurryMoon
hey guys do u think fanfics are cool or not?
I enjoy fanfics, personally.
Can you tone down her mane, Twilight? It sounds like she's a mary sue.
i plan on makeing one when derpy ran away from home :'(
if they are writen well
IS that?... What I think it is?
well i cantm ake on doh
Ninjazz: Youuuuuuuuurrrrrre right!
Woah
Stupid ads
Are you logged?
oooog
*oooh
Wrek?
Oooh...who's playing D3? :3
Bronies4evar: Sorry to burst your bubble, but, yeah... They aired the "fixed" episode already. :(
hello
Phase wt are u doing?
omg all this is reminding me of is what i should be playing
i came here to get away :D
Judging by that wallpaper...Wrek?
Mmy mind is hjacked by clopfics :(
Yep.
Ninjazz: No RD saying "Derpy"? :(
00,10dem eyes
Ninjazz: I know, but it came a week before the changelings appered.
SirGanjalf: Nope, afraid not.
Diablo?
oh, well
wat the heck si that?
Bronies4evar: I'm not sure how that changes anything. :S
Good luck,
Wrek
*picks scootaloo rocket launcher up*
DIE LOPFICS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol
*fires*
i aint no angel
Ninjazz: Maybe it was a mistake, or a forshadowing of the changlings.
>:)
I'm well on my way to find the hidden pony level in diablo 3 atm
Twi
05Twilight: take your hate elsewhere
thatsa not very tolerant Twilight
try the /me command
PONY LEVEL IN DAIBLO OH
05here, bronies love and tolerate everything
Bronies4evar: Unlikely.... :S
sorry
05specialyl on my watch
/me command
command wrek
/me is eating cookies
Meet the bisexual viking Twilight.
HEY!
...wot.
im not vbisexual!
or a viking..
"If you put your mind to it anything is possible" -Doc Brown
05ninjazz
05you forgot the ,
I was in no way refering to you.
05after wiking
Well, I wouldn't mind lopfics. If you meant Clopfics, I pretty much agree with you.
05v*
JUST STOP MAKEING FUN OF ME :'(
Damn it... Curse you fingers!!!
i meant clopfics
The clopfics give us bronies a bad name.
dat crow
/me hugs Twilight
-.-
thanks RainBowJack
Anything rule 34 related gives any fanbase a bad name.
Twilight, Ninjazz was refering to Wrek
i like you Twilight
Oh
Frankly, I think it's pointless to worry about 'em.
:D
Yes.
Wrek, grammar nazi extraordinaire .
Thanks
choose Monk!
Meet the bisexual viking, Twilight.*]
NO ONE READS THE SOMETHING SOMETHING IN THE REGISTER.
00,10lol that monk looks like Tenzin
They're there, they're not going away, and if it's not your thing, move on.
d3rb, not when it helps
Ninjazz just stop it
Spell-of-Gaming: tru dat
Man, I come back to Wrek playing the Tenacious D album again. I see he's really enjoying it.
I think that's OUR line, Twilight.
Now now, play nice.
Woah, you JUST logged in:O
Yup
:'(It is a clopfic
00,03I just realized I have to be in school in ten minutes :(
:(
00,03See ya'll later! Don't break any rules! <3
so theres a pony leval in diablo
later Scoot-Scootaloo
right?
I've only just finished Act I...I probably shouldn't watch >_>
Later Scootalooo
00,03And for the love of Celestia, don't use the Blue Dye, that's CHEATING
bye scoota-chicken
:)
It's 8:12 am BST. BST = Eastern Time.
Cya Scoots
And other clestia has two names
trollstia and molestia
Is this the First Act?
DOnt know wat moelstia is dont check
00,10he has such awsome evil
.....
this is why i didnt buy Diablo 3
BORING
I'm pretty sure this is Act 2
ofna01: Did you played the previous ones?
Whatever
His voice is frackin sexy
i havent played any of them,i just think RPGs are stupid
missing out ofna01
I adore a good RPG. :p
nope
ofna01: Diablo isn't a normal cRPG
maybe not diblo but so many good rpgs
I hear you should play Diablo 2 first.
Eh, if it's not ofna01's genre, that's fair enough.
Why do you think rpgs are stupid ofna01?
only RPG i like is Skyrim
Though asking for clarification is fair. :P
RPG's are too much of a grind for me.
And you like Skyrim?
Understanable.
:P
Then there's that...
Ah diablo 3
That one is, in fairness, pretty grindy.
Looks fun
Tedious doesn't equate to stupid in my mind, but to each his own. =/
ofna1: Oh, in that case, maybe Diablo isn't really for you:$
So ofna01 does have a point.
Lasharus True
So far, this game has really pretty looking effects.
But still, i find most of Hack n' Slashers boring
Hard to foucus on the charecter some times though
I think it's worth it if the game has a good story though
Look, portals!
But Diablo is a exception
That's only logical SirGanjalf. It's a genre you need to enjoy, otherwise it gets dull very quickly.
*an
What is the difficulty?
Probably normal.
Given that the templar's lvl 21.
But of course
No one plays on Hell or Inferno
I know, but it might've been Nightmare. :P
But I'm gonna say 'normal'. :P
Lasharus: I mean i tried other games from that genre, like Titan Quest, but i didn't enjoyed them, dunno why
It looks like a Blizzard game!
I wonder why?...
:d
Youdontsay.jpg
I was pointing out how all BLizzard games have the same feel
that is true
meh... I'm going to bed
GN
night Mutterguy
I'm not sure if I see your point.
I had the same with Titan Quest.
Cya Mutterguy!
When SB64 comes on, tell him to play tetris or rhythm heavenor something.
There's a few decent hack and slashers out there still.
lol Tetris XD
Dungeon Siege II and III were fairly good. Not brilliant, but decent.
wouldnt sb just play them without anyone telling him?
bye d3rb and Ninjazz
:)
All blizzard games are 3rd person,all hae the same camera angle, and most of the charecters are very weird.
Or just complex
i would have said they have similar art style
I'm inclined to disagree with the camera angle. :P
^me too
Diablo has a fixed camera. WoW has a free-moving 3D camera.
(For example)
You can change it but the camera angle starts out the same in most of them, like Starcraft 2
Warcraft 3. That was an RTS. It needed to have a bird's eye view cam.
StarCraft has a top-down camera, but with zoom and turn capability.
Well, all of Blizzard's single-player games have this isometric camera angle
They just look the same to me
Nice looking lighting! :O
Which makes a great deal of sense for their games Gold_Demona.
Eeyup
00,10that's a mighty big sword you have there wrek.
A hack and slasher like this would be a lot more confusing in first person.
wow as an fps
Of course
And I can't imagine an RTS viewed any way other than top-down. :p
Yes it would
It's a good camera angle for the kind of games they use it in.
Lasharus: Did you played Dark Messiah of Might & Magic?
I dont like games like this because of there camera angles and how easy it is too die in most of there games.
warcracft 3 in first person view, your character is the mouse cursor
^
Shoot me now d3rb. :p
:D
And no SirGanjalf.
lol
I've played Heroes of Might & Magic, but that's hardly the same thing. =P
Given that it plays in the same world as Heroes of Might & Magic V, the story didn't appeal in the slightest, so I didn't bother with it.
(Sorry, but the re-imagining of the storyline from V onwards is appalling. :P)
It's 8:22 am Bronystate time. What happens when you get home from school 2day?
Nothing. I don't have school.
The only game that has a camera view in 3rd person that I like is LoL
That's fairly limiting LittleBrony. :P
/) Lasharus
(\ d3rb.
I know but what can ya do?Blizzard makes the only OK 3rd person games
Blizzard didn't make LoL.
StarCraft 2 is really good.
Gears o War sucks
BAD
Is that one 3rd person?
?
I thought GoW was an FPS?
Yes
Thats entirely opinion.
Lasharus: Well it's more like First Person Slasher than hn's...
vanquish wasnt made by blizzard
It is an FPS 3rd person
Mind you, never played it, so not really my most knowledgeable point.
People enjoy playing Gears of War.
Not me
I dont like the feel
Okay.
and WAY too long of a story line
How is it FPS (first person shooter) if it's Third Person?
(Bioshock and Serious Sam, respectively)
It is a TPS
Doesn't that make it a Third Person Shooter?
Yeah
a Third person shooter
But it is still OK but I dont like it
=P
Eh. The shooter genre is over saturated anyway.
^
It's not really my thing Gold_Demona.
I think Skyrim has changed gaming FOREVER
I'm not going to say it's bad, because it isn't. It's just not my thing.
First FPS of its kind
Hardly LittleBrony.
Lasharus: Fair enough
waht game i just arrivaed
Morrowind and Oblivion were functionally identical.
Lasharus: I'm not sure if story have anything to do with that from HoMMV. And besides graphic style and atmosphere seems pretty different from that in Heroes.
now i gotta disagree there LittleBrony, skyrim is good but i dont think its revolutionary
Skyrim merely updated and upgraded the formula.
I dont know any other FPS games with only swords other than the other Elder Scrolls.
Magic does not count
as a gun
bai gotta go 2 school
This has been ever since Daggerfall.
That's why it's not exactly an FPS. I'm inclined to call it an FPRPG.
Skyrim was far from first.
lots and lots of games before it (at least the elder scroll serires) were simiklar
bai everybody
Bai
Cya EpicPwnTime3.
later EpicPwnTime3
Might & Magic did something similar, come to that.
LittleBrony: I'll repeat: Dark Messiah of Might and Magic
^
Never heard of it,any good?
Dark Messiah was hardly the newest in the series SirGanjalf. :P
It's okay... :S
And if memory serves, Dark Messiah was pretty bad.
Next: My little pony. Later: Berry bitty adventures.
lol
Also, SirGanjalf, to my knowledge, Dark Messiah plays in the same world as Heroes V.
Lasharus: Idk if you can't count it as part of the M&M series, honestly
It's actually pretty good, I've heard. It got bogged down by bad reviews because of the problems people had playing it when it first came out.
Given how badly they butchered the story in heroes V, I decided to avoid it.
What do you guys think of that new Care Bear cartoon and there claim for them to make a new type of bronys? They called em CareBuddys or something like that
^marketing
Hasbro themselves spoke out against that advert LittleBrony. :P
ah////doubt it
08,01WOOO! MY METAPOD *FINALLY* FUCKING EVOLVED
08,01into a BUTTERFREE
...yay.
/me 08,01is really getting into this game
LittleBrony: Sounds a bit forced to me
Personally, I play Heroes for the game itself and not for the story. I actually never paid any attention to the lore until Heroes V. =P
It is
Lolz
"Secret of my Excess" is showing now on The Hub.
That's why I quite enjoyed Heroes V regardless Gold_Demona. :P
The game's pretty good. The story's an atrocity.
lol
0.0 *runs to change channel*
If you can see the whole thing coming from level one onwards, it'd better be well-crafted.
V was a big improvement to IV anyway
IV was a pain to play
Sadly, it's not, with poor voice acting and similar. :P
08,01d3rb: red
08,01i'd never played any pokemon game before yesterday
hell yeah, old school
Lasharus: Anyway, I have Gold_Demona' attitude to
I'm inclined to disagree. IV tried a lot of new things. Many backfired, but I like a lot of those features still.
Bronies4evar: First Sweet and Elite, now Secret of my Success? They are running a Rarity pony hour!
best one to start with
huzzah!
Caravans were clever, the no-hero-armies were genius, I loved the hero partaking in the combat system...
Lasharus: In HOMMIII i mostly played in single scenarios
and there were tons of them*_*
Sadly, the balance was shit, towns limited, and many things seemed unfinished.
Ninjazz: It repeats at 11.30 am Eastern|8.30 am Pacific.
V was the only one I ever played the campaign of. Otherwise I usually play hotseat mode
^
Heroes IV suffered from a developer that was on the brink of death. :P
I wish I could catch it, Bronies4evar. But I think I'll just watch the episodes I have on my computer. :P
And I'm a story nut, so I always go for campaigns.
My husband and I have lots of fun playing hotseat maps together on V. =)
We beat the crap out of computer players together
Heroes V is definitely a fairly well-crafted instalment in the series. :)
Like I said, I consider the story to be bad, but the gameplay is very solid now.
I love the skill system, like most of the factions, etc.
nah, red then silver or gold
Lasharus: Oh God yeah, I remember the first time I stepped into my city and just staring at it. O_O
Ninjazz: Wait till sunday. Derpy may come back.
mfw Pokemon has a story. :O
As a magic-fanatic, I love that the Academy is bloody awesome. :P
Care to explain that Bronies4evar?
Because I'm confused.
or just play red, that sucker consumed so many hours when it came out
Gold_Demona - you have no idea how long I sat staring at my first academy town. With a silly grin on my face. :P
Necropolis is my beloved city in the series<3
I'm tellin' ya, Bronies4evar. It ain't ganna happen. They took her down. Why would they bring her back?
Lasharus: Episode 214 is rerunning on The Hub this sunday at 8 am Eastern.
Ah.
I'm inclined to say that the name's not going to make a return.
it will be edited, money on it
My first time playing I played as knights, but ALL the factions' cities are gorgeous to look at. :3
They already showed the "fixed" episode before.
She is not coming back.
Agreed. Most are impractical as hell though.
How the hell does the inferno town do ANYTHING? :P
Who would know that episode would end up like Disney's WWII propaganda cartoons
At least the Academy can go 'yeah, mages. We can teleport. Now shush.' :P
Ninjazz: There is still hope! The power of love destroyed the changelings, so the imposter is gone too.
а вам что:S
Lost in the depths of the internet...
Lasharus: LOL, I just figure they poof everywhere cuz they're demons. XP
Bronies4evar: Please don't take this the wrong way, man. I really do hate how this whole thing came down... But you have to let go.
yep
а ты кто:|
Frankly, it's what I dislike about Heroes VI - those town screens...
Blegh.
Fine. But I'm telling you, as in the 8-bit commercial, It could happen.
Mind you, there's a LOT to dislike in heroes VI, right up to and including it being a horrendous bug-fest, but still. :P
а я лера:S
Lasharus: Yeah, I haven't been inclined to buy VI myself cuz it didn't impress me nearly as much. =/
Bronies4evar: They wouldn't risk it a second time if the first time cause such a mess.
Heh. 1337 o'clock. :)
Dat Leet.
Hey GilDash!
aww i only got 10:37 :(
1337 o'clock AND a game showing. Wow, I have good timing. :D
It has a few interesting ideas Gold_Demona. Sadly, it's blinkered and fettered by UbiSoft's singularly atrocious management.
Ninjazz: Holla! :)
Put it this way: They have that always-online tripe, right?
а чем :S
Their server went down on a friday evening. It wasn't fixed 'till monday afternoon. Know why?
They do?
Tech Support had buggered off for the weekend.
This story again. :D
Am I that repetitive?
No.
Phew.
I just remember the first time you told me it. :)
Lasharus: It's why I refuse to have anything to do with online only play, with the exception of multiplayer only titles.
I know what you mean GilDash. I got Diablo III because Blizzard can at least be relied on to at least work hard to provide a decent service, bad launch day aside.
нечево не мешно:[
Blue LOOT!
UbiSoft's not seeing my money until they provide similar service or finally get rid of their always-online atrocity.
Yeah, that's one thing I don't like about StarCraft 2. The fact that you HAVE to be online to play it, even if you're just doing the single-player campaign. =/
Lasharus: I think the launch day is understandable. Everyone and their mums were playing it that day. :D
Yeah, that's why I'm not angry about it GilDash. :P
True.
Half a day in advance, I said "Calling it now. 12:01 will be known as the great Diablo III server crash"
Hey look, it happened. Big surprise. :P
heh
It sucks on the other end too; If you internet goes down, you can't access your single-player portion of the game? What a load of-
я не панела что ты говоришь :S
I still understand the craze for this game, though.
dont*
Ninjazz: Eh, it looks just like *another hack and slash.
Exactly.
Most definitely GilDash.
Ninjazz: It's probably because it's predecessors were so popular.
Ninjazz: From what I see, most of the people excited over it are people who were already fans of the first two games.
It's more aggravating if the servers die on the company's end. You're fine, but you still can't play.
пока:S
Perhaps. Most people I know that are crazy for it LOVED Diablo 2.
Again, why I don't mind Blizzard's using it as much as UbiSoft - Blizzard usually provides solid servers, as opposed to UbiSoft.
Lasharus: True. Still, either way is uneccessary.
True enough.
:O Who's playing Diablo?
pony_3110: Доброе утро ^-^
Wrek.
Well, Diablo III was released, Max Payne 3 is out today, now i'm waiting for E3 and Valve's conference(and new Hitman)
Valve needs to prove it can count to 3. =P
^
^THIS
I'm waiting for Gaven to announce Orange Box 2.
I'm going to wait to buy a new PC, when I start working, *then* I'll start going for games. :D
SirGanjalf: Valve counting to three? Preposterous
It'd be about bloody time Gold_Demona. :P
Biggest troll ever.
I'm not interested in any coming release right now :/
Gold_Demona: You want Portal 3 and L4D3? xD
I want L5D7
(Thank you Zero Punctuation)
I want Half-Life 2 Episode 3! Or at least Half-Life 3 if it finishes Half-Life 2's story.
00,10comeing soon™ Hl2ep2.2222222
I'm telling you guys. Orange Box 2. It's perfect!
Lasharus: Godesses, I haven't seen that series in over 2 years. Yahtzee still going strong, eh? :D
Litwick: I can see Gabe in my mind... entering the stage... and announcing... Ricochet 2!!!
They got to play along the joke and Gabe still get to make sequels.
May I link a video? :P
00,10Ricochet was an awsome game
Sumica: Half Life Ep. Pi. Requiring you to drill yourself in the head at the end. :D
As ever GilDash.
I've got the Orange Box, but I still haven't played anything but TF2 out of it :(
MaidSurge: :O
MaidSurge: WHY
play hl2 then portal dude, damn awesome games
I don't think I've ever played a Valve game. That will change when I get a new PC. :)
MadiSurge: The other games in the Orange Box are equally awesome.
MaidSurge: http://images.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw2610-13280991906263.jpg
3soooo....
3I went to bed at 5 and woke up at 7
or even Portal first - it's short, but damn, so brilliant
3How is everyone :3
I bought the Orange Box for Portal, and I ended up playing Half-Life 2 just because I happened to have it. =P
SlurryMoon: That sounds like a good nap... :D
Yeah, your' up early, SlurryMoon.
great SlurryMoon
doin ok SlurryMoon
My old laptop chugged on Tf2, I don't wanna know what it would have done on HL2 or Portal
you play hl 1 Gold_Demona ?
I'm doing fine, btw.
Wait, 5 in the morning or afternoon?
SlurryMoon: I went to bed at like 10 and woke up at 8 something. And good how are you sir?
3hehehe, awesome x3
And my current netbook can't handel facebook games :D
MaidSurge: I know that feel. :D
d3rb: I've tried multiple times to play through HL1. My comp runs it too smoothly though. The camera kills me. @_@
Morning Bronystate.
Om: Morning, Ommy. ;)
Hey, Om.
too smooth? as in too fast?
Om: Как поживаете ^-^
MaidSurge: The first portal game shouldn't be consuming that much resources, there are only small, closed levels
Kid_Cobalt: Why the Russian? :|
GilDash: Ello GilDash, Ninjazz. Not sure what you said Kid_Cobalt
d3rb: Kinda... It's not running faster than it should. As in the animations and audio work fine, but the camera is WAY too sensitive.
14I just assisted to the creepiest thing ever
14o.o
GilDash: so I'm saving money to be able to get a PC, once I move out of my parents' house :D
14I put some pasta in a plate
o.o
14this plate starts cracking
14o_O
ah ok, should be able to tweak that
weirdd
14wtf
05back
14-1 plate
did it break
14.w.
MaidSurge: I start my job on 28th and that's the first thing I'm going to save up for. I'm going to build it myself. :)
14of course o.o
fail
:c
I've tried lowering the mouse sensitivity, but to no avail. =/
14there was a huge creak
only in italy
14then another one
14xD
GilDash: clever clever pony ^-^ haha I only know greetings in russian -lol- so I liek to keep my russian fresh by practicing the speech from time to time.
really...thats weird
14it was a very old plate though
MaidSurge: I just bought a car and insurance recently, so I'm all prepped to go. :)
aww
d3rb: It's a really good game though. I've mostly been watching it by way of Freeman's Mind on YouTube. lol =P
you need to get an extremely cheap mouse with horrible sensitivity
Kid_Cobalt: It's in cyrillic. That's a dead giveaway. :D
I can't build computers GilDash, but I know someone who's very good at getting good ones
It's not the mouse's fault. It's my computer for being too awesome. lol XD
GilDash: you have know idea how many people sometimes think its latin or some kind of hebrew because they have never seen cyrillic text before.
So Wrek, will you eventually find the secret level? :D
Kid_Cobalt: How can one mistake cyrillic with latin6_9
Kid_Cobalt: Hevrew is way more cirly.
MaidSurge: I've got my dad who does that for a living. He's IT at a stationery company, but he does all the serves and such too. I've got a brother on an IT course at college, and he's done moduels on stripping and replacing components. Also, I'm quite tech savvy anyways, so I should be able to manage. :)
SirGanjalf: you tell me.
Kid_Cobalt: Latin is ABC. :D
^
Om: dually noted.
Latin uses THESE LETTERS
GilDash: is it.
morning, everypony!
Sylandest: Holla! :)
lol
hey Sylandest
Sylandest: Как поживаете
how is everypony this morning?
Hi Sylandest
Sylandest: Great! Yourself?
GilDash: nice! I'll be sure to get a decent graphic card too :D
Sylandest: Спасибо, хорошо
GilDash: Slightly sleepy, having just woken up, hehe
MaidSurge: Please, I'll be getting two at least. Just because. :D
Sylandest: You can do it!
Kid_Cobalt: I have no idea what you said, but good morning to you too! lol
Sylandest: Here, have a coffee. :)
/me hoofs over coffee to Sylandest.
GilDash: does it significantly enhance the games' performance? :D
Kid_Cobalt: Word of advice: Foreign isn't tolerated here. :D
Om: what can I do? Am I doing something? 6_9
GilDash: tyvm :)
Sylandest: I said Hi, how are you.
Sylandest: You're waking up. Its allll in the head.
MaidSurge: Yeah. I get to one-up my friend and his rig too, so that's all good. :D
Well, I gotta go do my morning workout. See y'all later, bronies.
hi guys
later Gold_Demona
Gold_Demona: Have fun. :)
GilDash: That sounds somewhat offensive crass ignorant and a bit racist. Care to rephrase that?
bye Gold_Demona
Kid_Cobalt: Just the rules. English only. :)
GilDash: being a multi-system videogamer is dispendious :D
Om: my head says I should still be in bed...hehehe
wheres crazycherry gildash?
goodnight/goodmorning all, I'm off
MaidSurge: That's why I'm going back to my system of choice. I started on PC, lost myself along the way, now I'll be getting money rolling in I think it's about time I get back in. With a bang!
Sylandest: Don't let GilDash know that.
k, bye for now
Om: Ommy, I don't have to bed *everypony.* ;)
SirGanjalf: See ya. :)
It's almost 9 am Bronystate now.
GilDash: Well arent you civil.
GilDash: yeah, well keep to yourself.
Om: I shall do my best to keep it from his vision...hehe
GilDash: I'll still keep my consoles. I'll just use my netbook for an eventual job!
Om: It's a point of pride. :)
Kid_Cobalt: Aw, no fun! :D
Sylandest: I see you! :)
MaidSurge: Fair does. :)
GilDash: Dont toy with me kid..
Gildash: *emerges from pillow fort* curses! foiled again!
Sylandest: Oh, you so silly. :D
Kid_Cobalt: But it's fun fooling around. :)
GilDash: I be a sily filly all the time
*silly
Sylandest: I know. :)
It's twenty fifty-eight now.
a little silly keeps the crazy away
GilDash: seriously. I find you very annoying. and the fact that ive been telling everyone good morning and you decide to pull otu the rule book on me because of that aggravates me. I dont like you. Do not talk to me. I cant simplify it more than that.
ofna01: agreed, hehe
GilDash: If I have to translate stuff I'll be needing a mobile laptop :D
Uh oh.
ofna01: I thought those two went hand0in-hand?
Kid_Cobalt: Well, I'm sorry. Just didn't want you to get kicked. I'll try not to be so polite next time. :)
I come back to arguing.
i have learned the ways of the streamers
but not tonight
It's a Friday morning at 9/8c/6p. Berry Bitty Adventures is now showing on THe Hub.
Bronies,you dont need to say it
Phase4: Can we expect something soon then?
Welcome back Ninjazz. Where did you went?
we know the time
Ninjazz: I dunno either, I just blinked and there it was
*turns off tv*
MaidSurge: Turns out I had fallen aslee on my desk. :O
GilDash, mabey
*turns teh_Tharassan's tv back on*
mabey not
depends on how things go
That feel, Sylandest! ;D
noooo!!!
Ninjazz: haha! :D
Ninjazz: I hate it when that happens. You wake up with key imprints on your face. :D
Ninjazz: awww :D
what is this i dont even
GilDash: see I hate sarcasm. and I doubt ill get kicked for saying good morning. And if I did I dont think i want to be apart of a place that kicks people for saying good morning you werent being polite you were being a thorn in my side.
LOL Yeah! :D
...torchlight?
N4X, diablo
Litwick: teh_Tharassan: Yeeeaaayuh, great show there!
oh didn't see that one coming ^^ Hey Bronystate!
Bronies4evar: :'(
Morning, N4X
Good day Sylandest
Kid_Cobalt: Go be a stick in the mud someplace else then.
N4X: How are you today?
Kid_Cobalt: i would watch your attitude if i were you.
Hai N4X!
ohai N4X
Okay, people lay off him.
yay
Let's try to be friendly again.
Well, Wrek wrecked that wizard
Oh I'm quite excited actually Sylandest : On our school there is like a...ball or prom don't know what it is called in english right now...and well I get to serve my favourite type of beer :D
Ninjazz: Naw.
Hey Ninjazz and diddutz
Om: Aww, were you just defending me? :)
he can stay and enjoy ponys with us,or he can leave and pout
Om: But that not nice. :(
Well it is diablo right now...
Ninjazz: I'm always nice. :) Some people say a little too nice, but...
GilDash: Perhaps I was.
Om: Or just dont be a pain in the ol' flank.
Om: and stay out of conversation that doesnt include you.
Oh I know, GilDash. I know... *stares*
Ninjazz: I'm not mr.nice
OOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Where's that from?
ofna01: this didnt involve you either so please. mellow out of it guy.
N4X: Sounds like a good time to be had by all, hehe
Kid_Cobalt: Make me~
Om: lol no.
indeed :D
i just dont like complainers,kid
/me sighs
interesting environments
/me complains
ofna01: I hate people that dont like hearing good morning.
I'll just go get something to get rid of my dry throat.
yay I got an Octavia Newsletter :3
SlurryMoon?
diddutz: you like Octavia eh? :)
3hes N4X?
3yes*?
/me offers Ninjazz a throat lozenge
What happens when you get home from skool two day?
wait a sec
/me kisses Om on the nose.
MaidSurge: Oh yes I do ^^
Om: It's okay, I can handle one kid. :)
Oh thanks, Sylandest! :)
/me offers Ninjazz a beer.
Ninjazz: You're welcome :)
GilDash: I know you can, but I want some meat too. I just tenderize it differently.
Kid_Cobalt: Om told you that it was english only here,he was trying to make sure you didnt get kicked and or banned
I never recognized you before SlurrMoon...but I have to agree Octavia is awesome :D
Sorry, GilDash. Not exactly allowd to drink yet. :S
Om: Oh Ommy, keep talking. ;)
I guess maybe too because there are so many other mods with "S"
Ninjazz: Well, what about a nice cup of juice? Everypony likes juice! :)
or Cider
GilDash: Nuh uh, clandestine.
/me gives everyone cider
N4X: They must do it to confuse us. :D
GilDash: Well, I do like juice, but I much rather prefer tea.
/me drinks cider
3heheh, thanks
ofna01: no gildash did and I was fully aware of the rules I greeted 2 people and you guys decided to make an example of me and puill out the rule book on me. I dont care about annything any of you have to say. I know what I was doing. so please check off cause I dont need your input.
thanks ofna
Ninjazz: You're in luck. I'm British. :)
:|
/me hoofs over tea to Ninjazz.
GilDash : Conspiracy Keanu pretty much?
Trixie is not amused,Kid
=D
:D
/me takes GilDash's tea with delight
Thank you kindly, GilDash! :)
so i would advise you to keep your mouth closed for awhile,and please stop with the walls of text
N4X: That can be the only possible explanation! :D
GilDash: Can I haz tea please?
...
my gawd
/me hoofs over tea to Sylandest.
GilDash: eee! *drinks a large gulp* Always hits the spot
Sylandest: Critical!
/me takes cup and refills
What is ur top 5 episodes of MLP?
Y uno posting?
Ninjazz, Sylandest: You're both quite welcome. :)
;)
Ninjazz: ;)
6_9
Om:It's super effective? XD
Hehehe. :D
* Om
Sylandest: Did you faint?
Generally anything with Rarity as a main interest, Bronies4evar.
Om: Nay, I sitll stand on my two hooves...wait a minute...*looks down*...my hooves are gone! agh! *faints*
Om: Am I going to have to revive Sylandest? ;)
Sylandest: Why yes it was then!
GilDash: Aye.
Oh well...I guess you'll go to the moon then :P
GilDash: I'll watch.
/me uses smelling salts on Sylandest.
/me snorts back to life
I never thought seeing a man try to breathe fire would be funny, but it is.
How long is this in the game? Halfway through?
Like what the?
Sylandest: You okay? :(
I don't get it
*shakes head* I'm quite alright, ty, Gildash. It's muc appreciated :)
Thats a big monster... O_O
Sylandest: Maybe you should lie down...
Ninjazz: I've killed bigger.
13rawr?
RAWR
Did anyone play the legend of zeld Windwaker?
Om: Watch out we got a badass here. :D
14RAWR :D
Ninjazz: Could be worse and be designed by Hideo Kojima. Then it'd have 17 stages as well... :D
i played every LoZ
13Y SO LOUD
GilDash: Nonsense, I'm perfectly fine! *stumbles a bit* I just need to wakeup more, hehehe
There were some big ass monsteres
RAWWWRRRRR Y U SO QUIET?/
monsters*
14CUZ U R FAR AWAY
Sylandest: I'm sure I could help with that... ;)
GilDash: Hideo Kojima?... METAL GEAR?! :O
Ninjazz: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/144/
RAWRRRRRRWRWRW
13BECAUSE I'M IN CLASS?
:( anyone else think this face is adorable yet sad? :(
Ninjazz: Yeah, although I've only ever played Zone of the Enders 2. Still, it was a very good game. :)
GilDash: XD :D
ofna01: I use it as my "concern" face. :)
dem sound effecs
GilDash: Ahhh. Can't say that I've played that one. :S
effects'
:)
I have heard of it, though.
Phase
it sounds like someone burped into the mic
we need to add more emotes
/me SAYS HI TO AE CLASSMATES
ofna1: well, it's Fluttershy after all :)
ohai ofna01
ikr
Ninjazz: If you ever get the chance, I recommend it. It's a good play. :)
we need an applejack emote
13ignore them, they're not worth your attention
13;3
loooooot!
ask Wrek or someone if you can
BTW whos streaming?
14xd
Hello everypony
14xD*
N4X, Wrek
japan!
morning, BronyinJapan!
14how are you? :P
been awhile since i've seen you!
GilDash: Will do. But I'm not sure I'm I have anything that still plays PS2 games.
Hey BronyinJapan !
Hey BronyinJapan!
/me hugs BronyinJapan
13I'm doing pretty good thanks :3 You?
14tired, but ok :3
Got back from the Avengers and it was sooo awesome /)^3^(\
13Good to hear~
13I have
13CREAM SODA
BronyinJapan: Avenger Hoof! /)
13and it is good
BronyinJapan: Hehe, good to hear! I loved it myself when I saw it
Heya everypony!
14:D
Ninjazz (\
Hey TheMonstaMuffin!
14I have...water
Hi Ninjazz
Hey Muffin
Ninjazz: You see, I've got something that'll play them... but won't accept any controllers! :[ :D
14and salt
14o.o
ohai TheMonstaMuffin
/me is still in the kitchen
Hi Phase4 ^^
You got to watch out for ditzy TheMonstaMuffin
GilDash: Then you can't play it! :'(
13combine the two, it'll taste great :D
/me 13runs
14LOL
GilDash: You could bye new one?
Did you guys ever realised Derpy was actually mentioned in "Winter Wrap up",though she was called ditzy back then
Ninjazz: No, but when I could I did, and it was very enjoyable... Hey, I suppose I could use an emulator! I still have the disk. :)
N4X :o
Minecraft on the Xbox 360 is soo fun
13Bah, I'm still trying to do that essay I never finished last week LOL
13can't think of anything else to write about though
GilDash: Sounds like a plan. I should look into this emulating thing that people keep talking out.
13and I've only done half a page |D
hey AE hey hey
14aww
I have a day off
Hey guys i know i asked before, but if there is any tf2 players that wanna join me and a mates highlander team. Well then plz tell ^^
on a scale from 1 to jelly how helly are you?
Brony
huehue
14then quit irc and stdy
13hey Espe- damn you
add me on XBL
14owO
13well
jelly*
But hi :3
13after the end of next week
OO! OO! ME MONSTA!
13I'm done with college
N4X: But the thing is we never knew just who Ditzy was until The Last Roundup.
13just have to come in for exams xD
TheMonstaMuffin: If I was any good, and the game ran more that 5 frames a second I might.
13I kinda don't want to leave though, considering doing a third year :<
Ninjazz Oh hey I ordered that t-shirt of Rarity last weekend, cat wait until it gets here:)
13!espeon
friday next week = final examthing for me.
14cool
i just got a Vintage Ambassador yesterday
after that, a month of
doing nothing
WHoa... It's another one of Blizzard's famous cutscenes.
forgot how good the Ambassador is
as I'm basically done
14I still have three weeks
14._.
Ninjazz: Ikr? I love them on WoW
Om we dont care about how good people is since we are gonna participate in highlander for the fun of it, but the frames is a shame :(
I mean doesn't actually end until june 20 or so here but
BronyinJapan: Dude, I'm excited FOR you! =D
14and I don't even know if I will fail or not
ofna01 Gamertag?
SPAZZINGMONK3Y
Is this diablo 2 ??
Dat cutscene...
Ninjazz : :O Well but now it makes sense after all...right?
3 Muffin
Muffin,ill play TF2
N4X: Eyup. :D
13For some reason I feel like I'm the only person who never gets panicky over getting coursework/exam results and such
Yay ^^
man, that is a good looking prerendered sequence there O.o
ofna01 ! :DD
13I just go in there not really caring what result I get o.o
Cherry Punch lol
Do you think your computer could run this in real time, Wrek? :D
13and then I hear about people around me having panic attacks and such
13I don't get it .w.
ofna01: yay u got steam?
can i play TF2 with you plzplzplz?
woah
what is that thing
Ninjazz: :D
14lol
13the other day this one girl started crying cuz she got a B when she wanted an A
13oh please
13-w-
Phase4: That, my friend...is my mother...XD
Oh yea... I got a Rainbow Dash toy yesterday! :D
13I got a B/C borderline, worse than her
YAY!
Om: No way, I've got one too! :)
14LOL
XD
Om :...I want one too
ofna01 There, just one thing.. I do NOT play Mordern Warfare 3. Hate that game
Sylandest, Your Mother!
So... She becomes a prophet.
i dont either
GilDash: Huray!
05oh look
05snow
Phase4: yep. I got a pretty big family
ofna01: Yes you can! but whats your steam id?
my brother does
05i fell at home
ofna01
/me snuggles with Om.
14I have 7-8
ofan01: lol ok :D
N4X: My sis back at me old home town got it fer me.
14but I'm doing bad in a school object
14and if I won't get a good grade next week = fail
Om :...there are no toy shops in my town where MLP FiM toys are even offered :(
13Good luck :D
/me doesn't mind snuggles as much
14thanks
ofna01: added u
Not even in Siegen :'(
N4X: D:
N4X: Unacceptable! :D
/me jumps up and down shoting "Hai everypony!"
shout*
=c
HEY Airpuff! :D
Hey Airpuff
/me catches Airpuff.
Airpuff: Hello, you. ;)
Hai GilDash =P
Airpuff: Good morning to you!
and all ^^
You'know .. my mother bought a new puppy! =O
Oh, Cherry, where art thou... :D
13also LOL
Cutest little thing >.<
Airpuff: Ooo, what breed?
Dat role reversal, GilDash. :D
Airpuff: Is it D'AWWWW?
Ninjazz: I know, right? :D
13today I heard about this one girl who thought planes go into space
Jack Russel Terrier
https://www.dropbox.com/s/oobxw6gjta3lta4/Jon.jpg
There *-*
14o.o
Ahhh, Jack Russel! :O
After being here for like... a week with Cherry complaining about you being late, it's funny seeing you the one to complain this time.
Opening of Winter Wrap up : No snow at all...seems legit
Airpuff D'awwwwww
Mhm *-*
13some people amuse me
Ninjazz: Hey, I had important business to attend to! :D
13another girl I know didn't know that water had vapour
Didn't stop Cherry from complaining. :$
o.o
aw
GilDash: Ahaha xD
Ninjazz: Well, to be fair I did promise to meet him... and was always late... :D
hmm
intersting game
Airpuff: ... That thing is so damn cute...
sound effects are hilerious XD
GilDash: I guess he's paying you back. :D
I know Ninjazz .. you should just've seen it right now.. walking all over the place... *-*
GilDash: Late? Imposibru!
Airpuff: You making me very jelly right now, man.
/me pets puppy.. "Oh why?" xDD
14pfft
Actually, my dog just had puppies...
Ninjazz: Dear Princess Celestia, I've learnt that it's no fun being on the receiving end of my teasing. :D
o
14a girl here thought that eggs = crap
woww
WOW
ohhh Ninjazz : And actually our cat got kittens...
interesting...
... What does it mean o.o
GilDash: It does make for great character dynamics between you two though. :)
dawww* sorry still german in my head
13LOL
GilDash: you just opened the door for Trollestia...:D
13she also didn't know who Pikachu was or what Angry Birds was
13xD
Sylandest: Well, if Molestia wants to tag along I won't mind. ;)
GilDash: You never mind that now do ya? xD
Maybe that his/her bitch has puppies and my cat got kittens...but that's just a theory...
:D
GilDash: oh you :D
02*WB03(MysticLugia03)02WB* - <MysticLugia> 12And even with help, I am yet not able to get that what I want
Ninjazz: You should see what we get up to in private! ;) Or, maybe not... :$
What are we talking about here I'm lost.
Maybe not indeed. :$
14she didn't know the "<" symbol in maths
/me guides Om back to the chat "There there, dont go walking away from us"
14in May
Ninjazz: Then again, you did *swear* to always keep an eye on me... ;)
14after 4 years of this stuff
13Crocodile eats the bigger number :D
Airpuff: I wasn't in the chat already? Where did I go?!
14o.o
xD
brb
GilDash: I don't need to see when I can hear...*lives a floor down*
13that's how I remember that symbol
13|D
Airpuff: No, I would embrace her gladly... I wonder if she'd like or dislike that... Maybe I should plan this out...
14lol
GilDash: It's been around... 4 days since I last came on here. I think I've failed that duty a long time ago. :(
Sylandest: We're trying to get the sound-proofing installed quickly, I swear. :$
14oh
well guys have to get ready sooner or later so why waiting* see y'all !
13 45 mins until I get to go home
13time, hurry up plz
14I made a prank to the whole class once
Ninjazz: Tsk tsk, that's why I've felt so liberal recently then. ;)
Cya N4X! Take care. Congratz on the kittens too!
N4X: See ya. :)
GilDash: Well, so long as I don't hear "No, not in there!" anymore, I suppose I'm content for now
GilDash: I've failed, it seems. :'(
Sylandest: Hey, that's only happened twice! :$
14"how much do you bet that, by turning this book's pages randomly, I will always get a pair number?"
14just 4-5 people got it
Ninjazz: Don't worry. I've got tapes. ;)
GilDash: haha! XD
14others were like "OMFG ARE YOU A WIZARD"
there is a lot of fighting in this game
Ninjazz: You can view them at your leisure. :)
Yuuuup. Sstill confused. Oh well guna play with my pony~
Tapes? Daayuum. You're willing to take extra steps.
Om: Come and play with this pony, Ommy. ;)
Very well. Hand them over. Let
Where was Gondor when the enter key became so sensitive?
GilDash: Now now, behave yourself. We don't want Cherry getting jealous, now do we?
Let me see what you've been up to, GilDash?*
GilDash: As long as you don't try to clean everything.
Sylandest: What she doesn't hear won't hurt her. ;)
Om: I was thinking more along the lines of draining, dear Ommy. ;)
GilDash: you's a sneaky pony, GilDash
/me hooves over to Ninjazz personal tapes.
13LOL
Sylandest: Hey, we have a mutual agreement. ;)
Heavy... :|
13you should've made people actually bet money so you'd be rich
13:D
This is alot of tapes.
Ninjazz: Of course. These are the dirctor's cuts! :)
14x3
GilDash: I can tell, judging by the Rarity face you make at the end of every sentence...haha
Dear Lord I have my work cut out for me...
GilDash: Always use the rarity face when you're implying something ;)
back from basic,
and i know none of you :(
Sylandest: Yeah, I do abuse Rarity a lot... Oh my...
GilDash: Did I teach you that :3
GilDash: Don't tell Spike that, he might get angry, hehehe
Morning regulars
Airpuff: No, because then it makes people freak out when I don't. They can't tell is serious. You see?
although probably afternoon already for some of you
SuperBrony64|Zzz
... xD
If you say so.
Om: I think I might've learnt a few lessons from you...
GilDash: I didn't just hear you say that... :|
Ninjazz: You probably did.
i know none of you :(
3afternoon? That's silly, it's always 5 am in BronyState
Ninjazz: Eh heh-heh... :$
oh wait, arent I Permabanned?
Still GilDash you fream out pretty much all the new people xD
thats right, i am :3
freak*
Lyncast: We're very friendly... ;)
Om: You know what I mean!
Airpuff: Yeah, you really should tie me down when newbies visit. :D
13BY THE WAY
/me ties GilDash down
GilDash: Ahaha idm i like seeing how they react xD
13Don't you still owe me a Touhou replay at some point? :P
you said it, not me
/me 13runs
Airpuff: Of course, that might excite me more...
okay...
Sylandest: Oh, you naughty pony... ;)
Ninjazz: Perhaps, but most people hate when I am too literal. Thus I like being too literal
/me trots up to Sylandest but falls short.
14ohh, right :P
GilDash: O///O
Sylandest: ... No fair. :(
ANGEL ESPEON
where
GilDash: well, you did say to tie you up good...you can thank Applejack for the rope lessons
Om: I only hope you don't get into a situation you regret being in.
/me lifts up GilDash and hugs "there there, take it easy now, its to early to go that far "
did you get the 5000 questions from
:3
hiii!
13On dA?
13I normally give a link to it in each part
13xD
Ninjazz: Too late, more practice is all it is.
Ninjazz: I'm around. Of course he has. :D
oh XD
yeh
that
Airpuff: How am I supposed to tease all these newbies... :(
:P
I see.
Ninjazz: Just watch the tapes! :D
GilDash: Well, you're doing a good job already ahaha
Sylandest: Oh, so Applejack's good with rope, eh? ;)
Sylandest: You would know this how...?
/me pomf
/me watches tapes with a pokerface
13http://5000questionsur.livejournal.com/?skip=40 <-- here, if you haven't found it already
13xD
GilDash: Well, of course she is-waaaait, I know what you're doing.
... Dont say such about AJ GilDash .....
I like Aj...
xD
Ninjazz: I'd turn down the volume if I were you...
13I'm officially 1/5 of my way through all the questions ;w;
13don't really work through it that often though
Nothing to fear but fear itself, GilDash. *pokerface*
do we still get permabanned for talking about shed.mov?
I don't think so... :S
But still shouldn't discuss it.
Lyncast: We can talk about it to an extent. Linking it is forbidden though, I do believe.
oh.. its that sick thing...
GilDash: my knowledge of ropes from Applejack is strictly professional, tyvm
I prefer not talking about it..
It's still in the rule book.
I remember doing the Time Warp!
14I will do that replay asap
Sylandest: yeah yeah. thats what they all say ;)
Lyncast: At least, I *think* we can talk about it. I might be mistaken. I'm sure there's something in the rules, I'd go check just to make sure. :)
fantastic
14I need to practice a bit with my controller though
14it has been ages xD
meh, ive read the rules 9 weeks ago
those are the rules i go by.
Sylandest: Do you really expect *me* to believe that?
13Lol take as much time as you want, I was just giving you a little reminder :P
13I completely forgot about it myself until now xD
Airpuff and GilDash: O///O It is! *waves hooves defensively*
14it will the the best replay you ever saw
Wrek!
14:D
<3
14or seen
14BOTH
/me runs
Sylandest: 'Sides, you need chains to really keep me occupied...
/me slips out of Sylandest's ropes.
/me smiles at Sylandest before poking GilDash saying "You believe this?" xD
Guys,go easy on Kid_Cobalt, alright?
Sylandest: See? :)
ofna01: ehhhhhh.....
fuck it im mad now
GilDash: Duly noted. I will have to remember that the next time you let down your guard
ofna01: id rather not disclose my buissness with everypony
im not saying anything else,Kid,thats your business
so I beat a bunch of mobs
ofna01: I know, but we cant let him get bored with us now can we?
Sylandest: Who said I let down my guard? ;)
Airpuff: *sputters and tries to defend himself*
was just tellin them to ease off
GilDash: you...but...I...agh!
Guys, enough with Kid_Cobalt. Just treat him like a regular, okay?
dropped lots of good loot, yellows and pages of blacksmithing, but 2 guys were plagued/vampiric so they didnt die
13I'M SURE IT WILL
13;3
GilDash: I was ._.
/me Giggles at Sylandest very well.. "I <<Believe>> you..." =P
took me 10 min to kill them, when they were dead, all the loot were gone
Airpuff: Hey, that's a good song!
13My current goal is to beat EoSD on hard mode
GilDash: xD
14:O
Airpuff: *blushes and huffs as he looks away* Well, its the truth. Ask AJ yourself if you don't believe me
13capable of getting to the last stage, but I always have a habit of starting off well and then completely messing up later on xD
Airpuff: ~This is the way I pray / Living just isn't hard enough / Burn me alive inside / Living my life's not hard enough / Take everything away... ~
13but LOL on my very first attempt I somehow got through the entire Patchouli fight without losing any lives or bombs
13which will probably never happen again xD
Sylandest: Something ilicit going on?
Sylandest: Oh don't worry, we will. ;)
o.o never heard it GilDash .. i think
14I tried beating Imperishable NIght in lunatic
14I almost did that
Om: nah, they're just poking fun at me because I learned rope tying from Applejack
14stupid bunny-girl <w<
What is the name of the song and artist behind it? =P
13I used to think IN was the easiest game for me
Om: Can you believe we'd take that suggestively?
13but it's been so long since I played it I now think it's pretty difficult LOL
Sylandest: Oh so you made a slip up didja.
Om ;)
13and suddenly I find EoSD really easy in normal mode when I used to think of it as one of the hardest games for me
13;w;
Om: I did...and GilDash leapt like a rabid beast, hehe
GilDash: I can think of anything sugjestive about it at all.
14xD
Airpuff: Wow, I just managed to get the lyrics of Prayer and Believe mixed up. :D
GilDash: And that thing about AJ.. is pretty hard not to think suggestive about too xD
Sylandest: GilDash isn't rabid, no. Its far worse.
Sylandest: Yeah, it's like controlled rabid. Or something. I dunno. :D
For someone who is named after a ship, you certainly do get the appropriate response, GilDash. :P
The communitys "Tease" GilDash
Airpuff: Strictly professional! I'm telling you! Yes, one works up a sweat, but that's expected out in the field! *covers mouth* oh bugger, I've said too much again
GilDash: oh you, always screwing with people :D
the chat seems to be an appropriate condition for me to link surprise buttsecks song ft. RD
Ninjazz: Funnily enough, I only support the ship one-sided. :D
From which side?
Airpuff: And I tease them right back. ;)
Sylandest: That slip was intentional.
Sylandest: You're enjoying this arrent'cha? ^^
MaidSurge: I think that's become the standard. :D
And hey twilight_sprinkler.
/me sighs
you caught me, Om, Airpuff
hoi Ninjazz
Try to be more careful when, tying your knots, so to speak.
Sylandest: Ohh, the thought of you and AJ, hot and sweaty... all tied up...
GilDash: that's why I find you so funny :D
Om: ... Ponys don't have knots. ;)
GilDash: O///O
Om: I shall remember so
MaidSurge: Good! I find me funny too! :D
GilDash: Who is being literal now?
Om: Okay, you got me. :D
Sylandest: dont tease the pervs xD
Airpuff: But its fun! haha
Airpuff: Hey, I'm not a perv! I'm... promiscuous...
GilDash: all I'd be thinking would be "EWW, HORSE SWEAT"
GilDash: Ahaha ofc promiscuous.... xD
GilDash: I'm starting to rub off on you. We cant have me taint your precous sanity can we?
Om: What would you suggest, Ommykins?
GilDash: Suggestions really arent my thing.
MaidSurge: Yeah, well... sweat means you've worked 'em hard! ;)
MaidSurge: suggestively thinking is your friend xD
Om: No, I think we've quite established suggestions are my forte. :)
GilDash: I work too hard at times if we're going by sweating amounts
GilDash: Aye.
Yeah well, I like to think how to defuse anything mildly suggestive :D
Sylandest: =O Now this is getting dangerous
Sylandest: Oh my. Sounds like you do a very good job. ;)
Airpuff: haha! I may have stepped too far with that one, true
Sylandest: As long as the mods dont mind it xDD
GilDash: you realize now, every time I see you type "oh my" I hear george takei?
If I were a pegasus...
Ugh. It's too early for me to be this tired...
Sylandest: What makes you think it wasn't intended in that exact manner? ;)
13 20 mins to go
13yes please
:|
GilDash: I don't, I knew it was all along :P it's your nature, after all, lol
/me stares at GilDash "You'd do what? If you were a pegasus?" xD
Ninjazz: You're supposed to be watching the videos! How can you be tired? :D
Ohai Olly.
Herp
10yo yo mofo
That's the thing... I have no idea.
:O
14x3
Dat _ o.o
14I'm at home since a hour
Hey RainBroDash.
So why is Dari named _ right now?
Airpuff: ten bits says he would visit RD
14also yay, I stopped sneezing blood
14:D
Hello _ and RainBroDash
/me 
Airpuff: Let's just say my wings would have no feathers from pomfing all the time. :D
/me *
GilDash: xD
13o.o;
Sylandest: What's to say I already haven't? ;)
o_O
But still.. you can conjure wings with the right spells GilDash ;P
14o.o
GilDash: er...good point. Especially considering the wing-pomf'ing thing
Airpuff: Yeah, but that's too draining. Cloudwalking is much more easier. :)
10any more exams recently mister dari / _ ?
!eonget
4Espeon just got a female 3Leafeon
14I wanted to stay at home
C2 today
GilDash: I guess.. still flying is not better than magic! =P
10went okay?
14but if I miss just one day I will fail, even if I was sick
14soooo
14x3
D:
Yeah, I might have dropped max 5 marks.
Airpuff: Why fly when you can teleport? :)
10sick wan. gj
GilDash: Yep teleport.. and others xD
02DD:
_: Congratulations! :)
Airpuff: ... Especially those others... ;)
GilDash: Eeyup xD
GilDash: do I want to even guess what you've been doing with those spellbooks of yours?
13be strong and drug yourself up each day to keep you going xD
I chose an erth pony OC. Or a donkey, might be closer to my personality
Sylandest: You still asked.. so you wanna know dontcha? xd
13on paracetamol and stuff, of course
Airpuff: curse my intellectual curiosity...I blame Twi for giving it to me
Sylandest: Hey, Twlight said it was okay if I borrowed them. She did say she'd never seen them before and was curious. Of course, I offered to help her out if she needed it. ;)
13!espeon
13!pokemon
13NO.
13!pokemon
Sylandest: So you've had sessions with Twilight too now have ya? ;)
13!pokemon
13!touhou
02Smookingweeedeveyeveryeveryeverydaaaaaay
02god, Angel.
nuuuu dont pull twi into this
02WHY did you remember me of that
Airpuff: N-No! Well, a few study sessions, but nothing like that! O///O
13feels gd man
13n.n
Sylandest: Did you study hard?
Sylandest: Yeah... *giggles*
Sylandest: yea, you don't have enough class for Twi anyhow.
GilDash: the timing of your comment...haha
Om: Yeah, you're right...she's way out of my league anyway...
Om: A pony with so many books must be awfully lonely at nights ;)
Airpuff: You'd be supprised how much company books provide.
/me beats Airpuff with a chair
Class ain't really Twi's thing anyway.
Om: You'd be surprised just what you'd learn if you took your nose out of those dusty old books. ;)
/me is being beat with a chair. =O
Twi is quite classy generally Ninjazz
Ninjazz: Twi is all class.
Airpuff: books make for great company, what are you talking about? *forever alone*
I'd say Rarity is class Twi is madness brain
I think not. She is more adorkable.
GilDash: I like my dose nice and dusty.
Rarity is class.
nose*
lol
!pokemon
Ninjazz: she behaves with the most class from a moral standpoint of view
D:............
Om: With pronunciation like that, it seems like you need a dusting. :)
sadface!
Sylandest: So you agree that she must be.... hmpf.. and you who said you just had a few sessions...
!pokemon
/me dusts Om.
/me 13thinks Gulpic is cute? :3
no
13*Gulpin
no no
haha
gulpin is yeh XD
13-3-
!pokemon
ok
Ninjazz: Raity eminates class, Twi takes them.
i'll just be a numel
good enough
:p
twilight_sprinkler: I don't think I understand what your saying... How does she act with class?
/me 13prefers Gulpin x
/me sneazes
13xD
Airpuff: Well, I just look after her from time to time. It's what friends do for each other!
twilight_sprinkler: I mean.. she is smart, and can see thinks from several points of view =P
Om: Aww, bless you. :)
ok XD
Sylandest: look after her? ;)
!pokemon
.
GilDash: Thanxz~
Ninjazz: well she behaves with class towars others i mean, she always knows the rightthing to do
ONE MORE
Sylandest: You take care of her needs at all? Lonely mare must have a lot of needs...
!pokemon
what
never heard of it
/me pours small amout of pepper over Om 's nose =3
Airpuff: yes, look after her. Spike can't do everything around there you know
twilight_sprinkler: Not always. :S And that isn't exactly class... That's charm.
Airpuff: >_>
Airpuff: Where do you get all that pepper? :S
Sylandest: Yeah true.. he's jsut a baby dragon now isnt he? xD
GilDash: *laughs nervously* I-I have no idea what you mean! She's perfectly happy
Ninjazz charm is a different thing.
GilDash: ...... *Liarface* " I... i... found it!"
Sylandest: After a few sessions with you I bet she is. :)
Airpuff: ... Put it back. :|
Exactly.
Airpuff: little guy does his best though I'll give him that
/me stares sad at GilDash "Cant i keep atleast some of it?!"....
GilDash: aaah, I don't do that much. She does all the real hard work. I'm just there as support
Sylandest: xDD
13Lol robot
Airpuff: No. You're a public menace with that stuff. :|
13!pokemon
Sylandest: ... So, she's on top?
13Happy~
/me looks sad down at the ground... "okei..."
/me puts back pepper where he found it.....
Airpuff: Where did you find that anyway?
GilDash: *chokes on drink* w-w-what?! Who said anything like that?!
!pokemon
okie.
/me steals pepper
Sylandest: Top of her class, of course. Why, what did you think I meant? ;)
I have the powah!
GilDash: ...... I cant tell you that..
Hi all!
Giger4444: Holla! :)
GilDash: yes, top of her class! Exactly what I meant! Yep! :$
/me strokes Airpuff's mane.
Airpuff: What if I made it up to you...?
Sylandest: Of course. That's totally what I meant too. ;)
!pokemon
Espeon, you are a 10Magnezone.
No
GilDash: There comes extreme power with pepper!
o.o Om took the pepper! D=
GilDash: Yes, how can we take anything you say in a defferent way at all.
Airpuff: Damn right I did.
Can a Mod help me about signing up on the newsletter?
Hai Giger4444!
/me looks happyly at GilDash "Yeap, later" ;)
I've sent an email this Monday, but I haven't got any notification yet...
13bzzt
wrong kind of attractive
13!espeon
;-;
GilDash: honestly, you have a few late night study sessions and ponies make all sorts of suggestions
/me stares at Om who now holds the pepper.... "What are you planning?!"
Sylandest: If you'd keep it down, we wouldn't have to. ;)
13I'd better log off, will be going in a few minutes xD
Airpuff: Later it is. :)
13will be back later so try not to miss me too much ;3
Sylandest it must be the aftershocks of wrecks drawing yesterday..
*wreks
Fien
twilight_sprinkler: ooh, i missed that. did it come out well?
ok!
Airpuff: Planing? No. Sceaming...
seeyou!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
14see you :3
The Trixie one?
Sylandest: idk, i didnt watch, it was practially r34
Om: What are you scheming, Ommy?
14!weather cologno monzese italy
Conditions for Cologno Monzese, Italy at 3:50 PM CEST May 18, 2012: Mostly Cloudy Temp: 66 F/18.9 C Humidity: 35% Barometer: 30.01 Wind: NE at 6 mph
GilDash: We don't make any noise! It's studying! Strictly studying!
/me glares at Om .... "Okie dokie lokie....."
Did anyone watch Pi yesterday? Was it good?
Or am I just guessing the wrong?
Sylandest: the chat was going nuts with all sorts of sex talk :\
14rain plz <3
Giger4444: yeah i enjoyed it
Sylandest: Did you brings gags along?
GilDash: You know how complex my sceams can be.
14there was a lot of wind yesterday
twilight_sprinkler: wrek must've done a good job then, to spark main chat like that...then again, that doesn't take much, lol
14I could barely standing up :|
Om: I've been on the receiving end, yes... ;)
Sylandest: lol yeah it doesnt
00,10so is battle.net dead now?
GilDash: O///O you...you...*steam emerges from ears* agh!
Well, Im looking forwards to seeing ya outsmart me Om ;)
14*stand
Try me if you can :P
Sumica: can you help me sign up on the newsletter?
Sylandest: What are you getting all worked up over? Unless, something really is happening...
Airpuff: You? Pfft, lamesauce.
00,10I can tell you where to send the email to sign up for it
Sumica: I've sent it this Monday, but I got no response...
Om ahahha if you say so
GilDash: Some ponies like to get worked up over getting worked up.
http://cheezpictureisunrelated.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/wtf-photos-videos-dolan-irl.jpg
I think it's time for a nice packet of BBQ Hula Hoops. Anypony else want some?
00,10No responce is sent, you just recive the news letter.
GilDash: no, nothing at all is happening! It's sincerely just late night studies of ancient romantic poetic texts that need translating!
Times have changed. And we've often rewound the clock, since the Puritans got a shock when they landed on Plymouth Rock.
Airpuff: All you need to know is I have this spice.
00,10give me the e-mail in pm and i will check to see if it's been added yet.
/me grabs some BBQ Hula hoops from GilDash
Sylandest: Poetic texts, huh? I bet you're both enjoying those. ;)
Om ahaha
omg Sylandest xD
GilDash: well, they do make for good reading, though she keeps some of the books out of sight for some reason...
Suggestive texts are suggestive
brb btw.
Sylandest: Maybe she wants you to read them... secretly... ;)
spin to win!
Sylandest: What is your special tallent then? Traslation, or poor comedic setups?
/me spins User0.
GilDash: but how am I supposed to read them if they are secret? You know how protective she gets of her literature
Om: perhaps both? XD
Sylandest: I've got a feeling she wouldn't mind a little "invasion" from you. ;)
Is not having a special talent a special talent too?
Hi
GilDash: Do you know any shy people at all?
GilDash: *stammers* i-i-invasion?! I have no idea what you mean
Hiviri
Om: You. ;)
>.> not what I meant.
Sylandest: Would you like me to do some translation of my own? ;)
14how are you?
GilDash: *is unsure of either saying yes or no*
Sylandest: Cat got your tongue?
GilDash: er...I...I think I can handle the translating with Twi myself, tyvm though! :$
I think a tactful unicorn might have.
Om: Tact? Whoever are you talking about? :D
05sorry if its getting boring xD
Sylandest: That's a shame, I know so much about poetic texts. ;)
Wrek, this is great.
Wrek: nonsense, you're doing great
I have other words if you'd like.
Wrek: Your stream is awesome. Keep it up. :)
GilDash: That's very kind of you, but Twi has already invited me over for more work, so I think I'll have my hooves full, hehe.
Om: That's a trap, isn't it. :)
Spring it and find out.
Sylandest: Hooves full of what though?
Diablo 3 is famous for its grind. I was prepared for it.
Om: I've learnt from long gaming sessions that you should never spring the trap. :D
What is the main difference between Diablo 2 and 3? I see its the exact same concept, but with more expanded skill tree.
GilDash: Why, books of course, what else- O///O I see where you went with that...
Hmm, there are more than one way to set a trigger.
Giger4444: Graphics? :D
Giger4444: Skill trees are what make these games.
Om: There's more than one way to avoid a trap. ;)
GilDash: so nothing major difference gameplay-wise?
Sylandest: Why is that? My question was entirely innocent.
GilDash: Oh? Enlighten me.
Giger4444: I've no idea. Ive never played either. :D
Om: Wouldn't it be far more fun to watch me at work? ;)
GilDash: I...but...you! *sighs* confound these ponies
/me hugs Sylandest.
Sylandest: I think you need to let out some pent up frustration. :)
/me hugs GilDash back
GilDash: Fun is reletive.
Om: Well, it's fun to me so that's what's happening. :)
GilDash: what would you suggest? Twi is expecting me tonight, and I have work with AJ as well
Oh how heuristic of you.
:3
hmmm
Sylandest: Two evening sessions? Perfect. ;)
00,10battlenet why you no work?
Om: Stop using words that I have to goggle, damnit. :D
*google
I assume you're trying to get on as well, Sumi?
00,10yarr
ARR
GilDash: I'll be exhausted come morning with those two working me. Twi found a new batch of books in the basement, and AJ needs help renovating one of the storage barns on the farm.
GilDash: I'll try to be more laconic for you.
00,10was gifted game last night and wanted to learn how to play it before friends got home from work.
10sumica, US servers?
Sylandest: Basement... Barn... Hmm... ;)
00,10yeah
:)
10:/ would check mine for you, but I'm always on EU
i've never been gifted a game...... :(
Yep. Blizzard is probably flooded with what ever Blizzard gets flooded with whenever they get games running.
GilDash: ....I really have got to stop blabbing things, don't I? :$
Om: Not laconic, simple please. :D
00,10well it's all of battle.net is dead to me.
Sylandest: You only lead yourself into these things. ;)
GilDash: That's not fun. So I deny.
10http://eu.battle.net/ seems to be timing out for me
Is there a stream at the normal time today?
Om: I'll defy. ;)
10oh shit
00,10I am just geting outright server not found
GilDash: Wouldn't be you if you didn't, hmmm?
I must listening to those hacky-slahy noises ad monster screams is suprisingly calming
00,10it will start early today Spazturtle
*say
/me kisses Om.
How is Wrek playing, then?
SirGanjalf: try listening to it out a stereo.
Om: Exectly. ;)
10I'll try some games >.> I wanted to play some SC2
us.battle.net is timing out too
05id play with you olly
00,10it seems to be regonal Ninjazz
Er, no. It's giving a Server Not Found
Huh. Seems so.
10Wrek, SC2? Also I'd play Diablo with you but I don't have it / can't run it
00,10some places are uneffected every one else is gting 3007 errors when loging in
Alright everypony, I need to wash up, so I'll be back in a few. GilDash, don't have too much fun
Will... not... comment... on... mod... posts...
Blizz always has troubles with the mass of us users.
05yeah sc2
Sylandest: I'll try to contain myself. ;)
00,10but yeah the websites is givin me a not found
10but Wrek I'm shit :D
Blizz is probably getting flooded.
GilDash: That's what I'm worried about...XD
00,10yeah kinda figured that
10I can connect to game servers though
Sylandest: I'll be a good pony, you'll see!
There are so many bad reviews of D3 just because the servers are crashing
/me is a good pony.
Like a 2-1 ratio of bad to good
GilDash: Good is also relevent to what is considered evil.
10it's not even a wednesday, so it's not maintenance. They'd also have a redirect page even for emergency maintenance
User0: To be fair, the inability to play a game is a good sign of how "bad" it is. :D
User0: well, its kinda bad when you cant play the game you paid for half the time
11.•10«11WB10 (Ran10) 11WB10»11•. 10- Skyrim is part of a nutritional balanced breakfast
Om: You don't think I'm evil, do you Om? :(
Indeed.
Could it be a DDOS attack?
10it -could- yes
Still, unstable servers for the first week or so is kinda... expected...
No, I'd be getting timeouts on the US server if it were.
Kandarihu: I would doubt it, but it coudl be
GilDash: I belive
woops
Derped and hit enter
if the servers are still crashing by week 3, that's different
Om: Try that again. :)
what is the issue with the servers? they didnt expect this much server load?
00,10So it seems the launch day errors came back last night
They never do.
Giger4444: Either that or someone's messed up settings somewhere. :D
Giger4444: The did but they decided not to incress server capaciy
GilDash: I belive "use a ball gag" and "don't for froget the cat tail wip" are some verbatim I found quite frightening. But it was PrincessLuna who said it. So I don't know if I shoudl have been suppriesd.
Spazturtle: F'in idiots. >_<
Once you've paid they have your money
00,10however no clue what killed everything
Spazturtle: wtf? I dont understand why they wouldn't.
Om: I don't see how that'd make "me" evil, only the dear Princess.
00,10not sure a ddos of that size is realy possable
Kandarihu: DDoS attack is basically overloading servers with to many entry attempts. So, yeah it kinda is:D
00,10they are not limited to one system
Well, the game servers are fine. I just tried connecting to battle.net on Starcraft, and it's fine
Giger4444: It would cut into there proffit, they have peoples money now why bother
GilDash: Oh yes my mistake, because you obviously were oposed to the idea. xD
00,10negitive Kandarihu
Spazturtle: is increasing capacity THAT expensive?
nope
Om: Oh totally. I'd never take the... where did I put them anyway?
I'm pretty skeptical about this being a DDOS attack, too.
00,10as I said the issues with games are regonal. Some can connect some cant.
Har har :D
I'm thining about Buying Diablo III when all this rubbish has been sorted out. Or if.
The US server is giving me a Server Not Found error, so it probably isn't a DDOS attack, unless the EU servers were DDOSed, and Blizzard took down the US servers to make sure that isn't targetted as well.
Om: If. If is good. :D
Backs =o
dude inhaled too much sulphur-hexafluoride
00,10i love how all the news artical about the outage have more info links that all direct to a b.net page
/me ruffles Airpuff's mane.
GilDash: Gald to have your, support.
FREEZE !!!!!!!! ITS THE BPD
@check battle.net
Om: this is surely going to be sorted out eventually.
6battle.net is down.
^
10ahahaha
/me ruffles GilDash's mane back
...
Om: It's my turn to be realistic. :D
10u so silly
i might buy D3 if and when there is a workaround for the online only feature
let me put it this way
00,10bummer dari
Highly doubt it's DDoS - just too many people trying to lo in at once; it happened before
Ryunosuke: Yar har, fiddle-de-dee...
what is this?
Kandarihu: I know, but it took them a good mont when WoW cataclysm launched. And that wasnt even a new game.
*log
if I want an online game, I have EVE, if I want a singleplayer game, I dont want to be on the internet
^
Ryunosuke: I concur. :)
GilDash: Are we taking turns now?
whats this game?
Ryunosuke: .. hmpf.. thats one way to look at it
Om: I would be okay with that. ;)
Nothing special.
welcome Ninjazz :D
:D Dat VioletGreySha!
Airpuff: What other way of looking at it is there?
Thank you. :)
:3
VioletGreySha: Holla! :)
ohhh......army of skeletons.....how typical
hay :D
GilDash: Well, there are games which can do bouth..
GilDash: Have bouth a good online and offline gameplay.
Ofc.. rare..
Airpuff: Yeah, but you shouldn't have to rely on the internet for a non-internet related gametype. It's just stupid. >_<
my laptop CANT play any games at all
GilDash: Ofc i agree with that, if its offline it should be offline xDD
Airpuff: That's what I mean. I'm all for online for online... Kind stupid without that. :D
what??? you have to log onto battlenet to actually play the singleplayer game? thats effed up!
Giger4444: Welcome to Blizzard! :D
oh, and fyi, I pirate all the time, Low-sec in EVE is great for pirating, I get all kinds of loot from dumbasses flying frieghters and non-cloaky haulers in lowsec :)
Pfft, knowing Blizz they might make you buy an offline mode >.<
I am wondering how we aren't freaking about this more than we should.
uhh what game r we talking about again?
I thought the upheaval was because people couldnt play online...
You know, requiring online-only gameplay is an effective anti-piracy mechanism. They might not be willing to give that up unless they can be sure that they can get more sales by allowing offline play.
You can get kicked forom single player for having a higher ping or for idling
Ninjazz: Because we're used to the gameing industry pulling us about like rag-dolls?
Well, only thing that might "help" against would most likely be people who're hacking their way to the top..
Ahh, fresh flesh
GilDash: That is as sad as it is true.
My friend who pireted D3 can play it fine
Kandarihu: Until some bugger works around that. It's no more effective than anything else.
That boss. Is fat.
Kandarihu, It may be effective BUT, as I stated, if I wanted to play an Online game, I have EVE, if I want to play a singleplayer game, I dont really want to be on the internet
That comment. Is obvious.
:D
Ninjazz: So is yours. xD
Lets play the obvious game!
They're both obvious! :D
Ninjazz, Airpuff: Not if your stream's been buffering forever and you can't see it. :D
02RAAAN
02:333
/me stares at GilDash .... hush you! xD
/me glomp-hugs
Om: No way, you'd win. :(
Well, one would assume that everyone is watching stream, GilDash.
Yeah Om is too obvious for us xD
GilDash: Shhh, they don't know that yet :)
Ninjazz: I'm *trying* to. :D
Or perhaps they do.
Oh... I see.
Om: I'm not willing to find out. :D
Om ;)
xD
Im still waiting for you to fire away that oh so mighty evil plan of yours xD
hello bronies
diablo 3?
The fun has been Triple'd! xD
haha.
Triple: Holla! :)
Yes Triple
Airpuff: You better plan to wait upwards of months my dear Puff.
Om: you gotta use that long to finish a evil but smart plan?
T.T
Good ol' times: http://i.imgur.com/JncAV.jpg
Om: I'm not sure I can stand to wait that long. I'm very impatient at heart. :)
Airpuff: Its pure evil by the amout of time you have to worry about it
GilDash: Agree -.-
I mean spawned Diablo
.... Yeah yeah.
GilDash: What? I never would have gessed :o
Gives me alot of time to mess with you then Om.
:D
Airpuff: It's evil because part of it is waiting until we've forgotten about it. Even worse, it might be nothing, so we're sat here waiting for something that never arrives...
00,10nice of her to anounce she has no control
GilDash: .... i have a simple solution.
She was helpful...
Airpuff: Ask GilDash how much messing with me worked? I may be no master but meh.
Airpuff: It's like the ultimate tease! :O
/me steals the pepper back from Om
There.
what do you have to say now Om?! xD
Airpuff: You've stolen an empty pepper pot... :S
Pepperare to be amazed!
lols
Om: That was terrible, Ommy. :D
I love puns!
Hi ^^
I have returned! And I be squeaky clean too
It was briliant!
/me is amazed by the fantastic but heartshattering Puns Om launched...
Bonsi: Holla! :)
11.•10«11WB10 (bluesun10) 11WB10»11•. 10- bluesun: drf iz firin his razor? :O
Sylandest: Had to have a cold shower after all that studying and bucking, eh?
o hai Bonsi
Airpuff: Just trying to spice it up a bit.
Om: Still terrible. :D
Oh god Om Youre killing me xDD
Its like a bud of mine.. i mean.. the jokes he tells.. they're so bad!
You just sigh -.-
Airpuff: But you can't help but laugh?
I am just going to pepper you with puns now.
GilDash: Well, when one works up a sweat, they need to clean up afterwards!
Om ..... -.-
Om: oh god, the puns....
oh, and welcome back, Airpuff
Sylandest: I bet you do. Tell me, did the mares enjoy themselves? ;)
These puns.
So I just found out that my 1 year old sister really likes Replacer's "A Pony Like Me"
Thanks Sylandest xD dont read what Om is saying... terrible puns being fired at random times xD
Om: Keep making puns and I'll shaker you up.
GilDash: xD
/me GilDash You take the right hoof, and i'll take the left!
Oh no I don't want to be grounded!
Om: I was quite proud of that one. :)
/me sneezes
Ninjazz: Bless you! :)
GilDash: well, AJ was satisifed that we got all the work done early. And Twi was immensely happy we finished after a long night.
/me blesses Ninjazz with holy smoke
xD
GilDash: I was proud of you too
bless you, Ninjazz
O_O
Sylandest: A long night, eh? ;)
Ah yes, thank you, all.
Sylandest: I see what you are trying to do there...
http://derpy.me/TuTgL
Airpuff: What are you- *rereads his comment* O///O oh....right...
GilDash: there's no off switch with that mind of yours, is there? XD
Sylandest: Seriously, it's like one would take something so pure out of context...
Sylandest: Well... no, no there isn't. :D
BEES. MY GOD.
GilDash: Indeed. Airpuff, you pervy pony :P
MaidSurge: They're worse then they're on fire.
MaidSurge: NO hees mine!
/me sneaks up behind Sylandest and blows a stream of air into his air "You like making these suggestive conversations dont'cha?"
GilDash: do you know where that panel comes from? :D
Airpuff: *slips away and shivers* It's not me! It's GilDash! I'm an innocent bystander!
/me trots up behind Sylandest, waiting.
2RAY :D
Sylandest: Feeling cold? :(
Sylandest: You are as innocent as the moon is for stiring the tides
02:D
MaidSurge: Nope. Should I? :D
/me looks back and forth between Airpuff and GilDash
I like innocent Sylandest ;)
Airpuff: Eh, it's fun for a while. :)
GilDash: Eeyup *-*
GilDash: actually, a wee bit, but I'm perfectly fine. Mild temperatures don't bother me none
Om: But Luna moves the moon, so it's her fault really.
Airpuff: I am innocent! Or at least, im trying to be!
Sylandest: If you'd like I can warm you up...
GilDash: That quote, out of context, is the perfect "face palm quote" for how idiotic that comic is :D
/me leans against Sylandest "sure tell me all about how innocent you are"
GilDash: O///O ty, but I'm alright, really! :$
MaidSurge: What quote now? :S
/me hoofs over jacket to Sylandest.
GilDash: BEES. MY GOD.
Sylandest: How does one blush?
Sylandest: But it's so warm and comfy. :)
MaidSurge: I still have no clue as to what you're talking about. :D
GilDash: Warm and comfy is nice.
Airpuff: I really am! I'm just trying to tell you all about my day and you keep taking it out of context!
GilDash: well, if you insist...*slips on jacket* oh my, it is warm
Ded
Sylandest: How does my heat feel? It's like your wrapped up in me. :)
Om: I've soooooo much stream lag. :D
GilDash: http://images.4chan.org/m/src/1337352416039.jpg can you see this?
MaidSurge: No, I keep getting "leech" or whatever. :(
^
GilDash: I see you're behind then.
Dammit
GilDash: if this is you on a daily basis, the summer must be terrible...
Sylandest: Oh aye, yes. Summer is a right pain. Thank the godesses for pool parties. :)
That's why GilDash attacks so many of us on chat, he is bored.
Ninjazz: .... Maybe...
GilDash: Batman talking about "a deadly bee weapon. Bees. My God."
Ninjazz: you call this attacking? lol
Not a bad thing, GilDash. ;)
14TIL people are stupid
Ninjazz: Its quite entertaining though
MaidSurge: Am I being really thick? :D
Sylandest: A form of it...
14(and I agree)
GilDash: You are lucky then, I hardly ever attend pool parties here
14stupid gambling websites advertisings ALL OVER ITALY and people are "yay!"
Nope, GilDash, it's just the comic being horrible :D
14-___-
Ninjazz: Believe me, if I were attacking there'd be a lot more... physicality. ;)
MaidSurge: I thought as much. :D
MaidSurge: I didnt really catch any of that comic... xD
Sylandest: I'll have to make you come to one. :)
That's why I am on chat now, someone's gotta look after you, GilDash.
GilDash: I was attacked then. To pushed me over yesterday.
I call for assault charges!
GilDash: who would be there? I would hope for lots of pony-folk
Ninjazz: Don't you mean, "Looking after *from* you?" :D
GilDash: Either way! :$
Om: You needed that. So did I. :)
Sylandest: All in swim-suits too. ;)
Ninjazz: I'm basically watching over GilDash, though it seems to be more of him having fun with me...:$
GilDash: Need is a, strong word.
Om: Okay, *I* needed that. :D
GilDash: swim...suits? *zones out*
GilDash: ... seems legit.
GilDash, Airpuff: if you want, google "amazons attack" and see if you can find a superhero nerd talking POSITIVELY about it :D
GilDash: That I belive :)
Indeed, Sylandest.
MaidSurge: That doesn't sound like any fun at all. :)
MaidSurge: A what now? xD
ohai everypony
I spy diablo 3
howdy, Jim!
Jim: Holla! :)
Jim: Correct!
/me gives Jim a cookie.
/me noms cookie
GilDash: wouldn't a pool party be better at a beach? We could make it a beach party then!
/me Puts on a black cape before starting lifting and putting down Om continiously. "Im a superhero, loot at my powers!"
Hey, Jim!
Sylandest: I would agree, but the sand gets *everywhere*... ;)
Airpuff: Gaa! Stop this madness!
/me loots Airpuff 's power
Om falls down...
GilDash: well, that only depends on what you're doing!
/me turns into a zombie
/me takes own powers back before doing the same to Jim
/me @_@
BRAAAAAAAINS
Sylandest: It's me. What do you think I'm doing?
BRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAINS
/me nuzzles Om.
Lifting now Om and Jim up and down flexing with black cape blowign in the wind
GilDash: Playing with sticks in the sand.
Om: That didn't hurt, did it?
GilDash: The list of answers I could create would require hours upon hours to write...
Om: Well, there's wood involved... ;)
Zombie ofna01, are you alright?
/me noms Oms head
NO BRAAAAINS
http://derpy.me/Vfxma
Ahaha
Sylandest: Swimming, you dolt. :D
AHH! Too. mcuh. touching. X~X
/me is good with pinkie pie
GilDash: oh, yes, swimming! I like swimming
/me touches Om
fail
Sylandest: Maybe you can go swimming with me? ;)
GilDash: I was actually a competitive swimmer for the past 12 odd years or so
Sylandest: I swam a mile when I was 9 or so.
Airpuff: Har har. You are so claver.
I don't like swimming, at all
Om: ofc i am.
xD
Afternoon everypony! I'm back :)
/me pushes jim into a conveniently placed pool
GilDash: well, if you need a swim partner, I'm up for it! Who else can we bring?
ohai PrincessLuna
05hope the stream is decent for ye .P
PrincessLuna: Holla! :)
hi luna
Howdy, PrincessLuna!
Airpuff: As cleaver as your right hand
/me lifts PrincessLuna an puts her in a tub of jelly.
Is this you playing, Wrek ?
PrincessLuna: PRINCESS!
05ye
Airpuff: :O I love Jelly!
00,10looks good wrek
/me hugs Om
Wrek: Not really, but I doubt it's you fault. My internet is being crap today. :D
Awesome
/me pokes GilDash
/me is shocked by PrincessLuna 's reply and proceeds "Are you strangely obsessed with tubs of jelly?" =O
Om: You should see what he can do with that right hoof. ;)
I had too much to drink last night :$ I feel like crud today
PrincessLuna: help me, he's been teasing me all morning!
/me nuzzels PrincessLuna.
GilDash: I take it you have catalouged it.
/me hugs PrincessLuna "Better?"
Om: he has videos upon videos, im sure
Om: In the back of my mind somewhere, mmhmm. :)
PrincessLuna: I am making your stuffed peper recipy today or tomorrow!
/me smiles at Airpuff "Much better" :$
Sylandest: Ninjazz is watching them now. :D
/me blushes
/me pokerface
Ninjazz: So you are enjoying them.
Om: Let me know how it goes!!! I'll give you more recipies if you want them before I go out to sea monday
/me tryes to break Ninjazz pokerface with funny faces
GilDash: oh dear, poor Ninjazz ...you've prolly corrupted him to the point beyond return
Sylandest: He *insisted*.
PrincessLuna: Your leaving us :(
Is it wrong to say that I enjoyed them? :S
GilDash: I rest my case
Om: I'll be out to sea Monday-Friday :'(
Ninjazz: no, I suppose not
PrincessLuna: You will be dearly missed
PrincessLuna: Why? Is it for a fun reason at least!
PrincessLuna: Will we see you again? :(
PrincessLuna: ... aw.. Okei then =I Enjoy your time then? :P
Om: Testing our reactor :( I'm on an aircraft carrier
Ninjazz: They're meant to be enjoyed. :)
Well, when you have to watch like a ton of videos, you best enjoy them or you're in for a LONG time.
morning, all.
Morning WallDives :)
PrincessLuna: Ohh, thats. Fun?
morning, WallDives!
and I'm gonna guess Diablo 3?
Om: No, not at all :(
PrincessLuna: lame =I
PrincessLuna: Didn't sound like it.
Airpuff: It stinks :/
WallDives: Holla! :)
PrincessLuna: Well you can always think that you'll be done with it after a couple of days...
Well lucky for me my last deployment is in June :D
PrincessLuna: Aww, I'm going to miss you. :(
PrincessLuna: what branch?
Brb everypony.
mrning WallDives
WallDives: Navy
Kai Om
oh...
WallDives: She's working on a boat. Obviously Army. :D
PrincessLuna: Navy o.o
WallDives: Yea 6_9
14the fact is that they even do false advertising
GilDash: :P
GilDash: I came in after she mentioned that, else I wouldnt have asked.
14people very happy with many girls around and winning lots of money
/me bows before PrincessLuna im not even a soldier :P Gimme commands commander!
Someone put a Fluttershy up on the walls at my school today
WallDives: Sorry! :$
i should have been in bed an hour ago
yet i still persist
Jim: Nice
14if it was about smoke, people would be taking petitions to banish them
Airpuff: I'm not sure you want her to do that. ;)
14(which is ok)
/me huggles Airpuff
Phase4: Not sure if quoting grandma smith
Jim, i've done that
been up til 5am
and quoted ms smith
/me smiles at PrincessLuna "No commands other than a big hug?" :P
Well after I get back from deployment, I'm sure there'll be an entirely different crowd here at bronystate
I'll have to make all new friends :(
xP
PrincessLuna: nonsense, we shall all be here awaiting your return :)
PrincessLuna: I'm sure I can help you. ;)
I'm sure you'll still see a few of us. :)
PrincessLuna, dat military brony
PrincessLuna: Pff ill be here.
Mmkay, had to put some dishes away.
/me will be here
PrincessLuna: I kinda feel sorry for you, but I dont like the Navy. Semper Paratus, and all...
/me hugs PrincessLuna
Om: Why? =O
I'm going into the millitary this autumn
And season 3!
Semper Fortis
Semper what now? :S
/me starts drooling as he readons "season 3"
O_O
reads*
/me hugs PrincessLuna
Airpuff: Cuse they were dirty.
He's English.
I don't do no latin. :D
Semper Fortis is the motto of the US Navy.
http://derpy.me/Hhe4P
/me licks Litwick
Om .....
WallDives: And in English it means? :D
Semper Paratus is the motto of the USCG.
I went on a cutter a few weeks ago to get my 240 qual
Oh my O///O
/me wipes Airpuff's drool up.
Airpuff: Think what you want with your, adabtive imagination.
WallDives: Again with the English translation. :D
/me starts drooling at GilDash as she's wiping
adaptive
I'm not navy, dont ask me.
WallDives: The only thing I have to get requalified on now is the .50 cal and I'm finished!
the Norwegian Armed Forces motto is "For everything we have, for all we are."
Huzzah!
PrincessLuna: bias aside, thats great!
WallDives: Biased on what?
Jim Norwegian forces aint exactly something to... rejoyce about though Jim...
PrincessLuna: the Coast Guard and The Navy folk dont like each other much...
Jim quite few =P
PrincessLuna: Girls handling big guns...
I'm never going to go into the military :\ I have no love of fighting or learing to do so.
WallDives: Small pond fishermen ;)
GilDash ... nothing wrong with that.. i like the thought xD
PrincessLuna: Huzzah? DeceasedCrab much?
GilDash: Mhm!
Bah. We actually protect the country.
Litwick: The fun has been doubled!
Going into the Engineering squad or the Royal Guard this fall
Girls + guns. Damn.
Ohh diablo III whos playing?
At any rate, I couldnt even finish BT, since I got a MDC...
Airpuff: I have to agree with you there.
pony_7733: Wrek is playing
WallDives: I know ;) I don't have anything against USCG, you guys are always nice to us when we get qualified on your cutters
Ah alright jim
I wonder if wrek would want to play coop :o
I play it more for laughs, and I used to live in a USAF town.
Airpuff: Girls handling heavy loads... ;)
lol gildash :D
/me Starts drooling again after GilDash 's comment..
Dammit GilDash ! XD
/me shoves a towel in Airpuff's mouth.
and by USAF, I mean home of the airplane, complete with museum.
WallDives: I'm not even a gunnersmate, but I made the mistake of getting qualified to shoot so now it's "optional" which means mandatory
GilDash: That all your guna put in there
/me towel starts dripping...
/me hands Airpuff a new towel
Om: For now... ;)
Always know where your towel is
/me stops dripping
/me takes out towels. Thanks guys
Jim: Exactly. :)
Airpuff: Noooo problemo
<---nerd 6_9
im back. Got disconnected
PrincessLuna: Arent we all.
brb
/me faints beacuse he is dehydrated
PrincessLuna: We are all nerds, I know I am
Om: Some more than others ;)
i usually just salvage all the gear i cant use for later crafting
PrincessLuna: Aye, but you can be a nerd about anything.
I like nerds, they are fun people to be around
PrincessLuna: Hey, Hitchhiker's isn't that bad! :D
/me squirts water into Airpuff 's mouth
especially if you are one yourself
/me sleeps silently
I'm very...awkward in person :$
And sarcastic
PrincessLuna: I fail to see how that is bad.
PrincessLuna: You should see me! :D
/me wakes up and says "I like that" to PrincessLuna
I blame it on the fact I work with mostly guys
PrincessLuna: we males can be troublesome
PrincessLuna: Blame accepted.
GilDash: <3 British humor
http://derpy.me/LSI8o
PrincessLuna: I <3 it too. :)
ooh, I found a picture of myself on the local newspaper site
British english !!!<3
Jim: Were you arrested?
/me is partially English due to heritage
Nope, just celebrating our independance
Sylandest: Oh really?
2!pokemon
Ran, you are a 7Ducklett.
2:D
GilDash: Aye, it goes back a fair while, but I am from my mother's side
Me and Jim are norwegians. you cant top that
xD
Airpuff: There's another English? You know, as England is in Britain? :D
Anyway, I'm off to see the Avengers, I'll be back later <3 everypony
cya PrincessLuna, it's an awesome film
GilDash: I actually have it come out to the point my accent changes to British without my noticing, lol
Cya PrincessLuna! Have fun.
PrincessLuna: See you! have fun!
14Ran :3
i'm danish and probably the only one
D:
PrincessLuna: Have fun! :)
You too guys! everypony have a good day :D
PrincessLuna: Ba bye
GilDash: Ofc theres several kinds of english
Sylandest: I wish I could change my accent at all. For the record, mine's Yorkshire, not "posh British." Otherwise I'd never think of it. :D
Arma 2 is awesome
I lived in Montana for a very long time, So I have a habit of droping some letters in my speach.
i set up a Black Hawk Down mission
Airpuff: Yeah, but to be actually English requires coming from... England. :D
GilDash: No kidding -.-
/me is partially afk cuz he's making pizza =P
well, accents are not heritaged, they are based on mostly the environment
Airpuff: I want some!
Airpuff: agh, now im hungry
GIMIE!
HOT POCKETS BITCHES
YOU JELLY?
I have no idea what a hot pocket even is
ofna01: I'm going to make fried taters, so no.
I still have to finish it! or do you want dough? xD
:|
Jim: Good.
Yet he has a tedency to say some irish words at times
http://derpy.me/3OjD7
pony_2011: Well, that might be if his parents use these irish accented words, he might also use them, therefore, environment decides that
When I look at my family, I have a tendency to notice that they are all southerners. so for me, it's like all the non-southern blood got transferred and focused to me, hehe
its 7733 >_>
oh, right
silly jum
jim*
so hard with all these number ponies
mines simple 7 7 3 3
easy to remember
though blame my lazyness for not wanting to give myself a nick
/me now installing: Diablo III: SE
I tend to just type "pony" then hit tab, and it autocompletes :P
14Lighty D:<
06not even caring for the CE anymore, not gonna wait
Hey, look Sylandest: RX-78-SweetieBot's found out what you and Twilight are doing! :D
/me steals Lighty's PC
14:3
/me steals it back
06my smexy beast >.>
im afraid to ask gildash
GilDash: w-what?!
pony_7733: Call yourself Hula Hoop! :D
06it was a gift >:
pony_7733: I am calling you Peppers now.
uhh, why was that book blurred out`?
It's evil.
evil book of doom?
Evil Book of Doomy Doom.
GilDash: I..I...um...oh, look at the time, gotta run! *tries to run, trips, book from image falls out of bag*
Sylandest: Oh my, what have we here...
/me reads Sylandest's book.
GilDash: I-It's not what you think!
Hah changed the nick this time
xD
GilDash: I was just...holding onto it for her! Yes, that's all! She didn't want Spike to see it!
Yes you did Peppers
/me continues to read Sylandest's book, ignoring him.
Sylandest: Just keep diging that hole
GilDash: ...I'm not getting out of this one, am I? :$
/me is grossed out as pizza-dough is being all sticky
Om: I'm innocent, I tell you! I am!
Sylandest: You jumped into it practically.
Sylandest: ... I thought you said you got your rope lessons from AJ?
Ok this name should be good and easy to remember
Om: But we-she and I-but-agh!
/me peaks over at the book
killerpony7733: Yes it is Peppers.
/me points at picture on page to Sylandest.
Sylandest: Because this is how you tied me up earlier...
Om ....... :|
killerpony7733: Yes Peppers?
GilDash: Aye, but- *looks at book* wait...that is how I did it...which means AJ....*blush* oh boy
Gaaaaahhh!
dead ded is dead
peppers is such a silly and unoriginal name :(
but yeah, killerpony7733, that is a much better name than the standard
killerpony7733: You are right Peppers, cuse killerpony7733 Is so much more origonal
DONT BURN MY CHILDHOOD! GENERAL PEPPER IS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME IN STRAFOX! D=
Ironic huh Om
xD
starfox*
killerpony7733: It is Peppers.
OH geeeeeeeee D3! NOOOO! The Horror
Sylandest: On top of that, the quick manner in which you did it suggests you've been practising...
D3, not G3
Don't expect me to have much reaction to the name though
killerpony7733: I wont Peppers
GilDash: You don't miss any opertunety do you?
Om: Only when I'm busy entertaining. :)
14I want an Alienware
Finished another drawing http://fav.me/d50bkjl :)
14with rainbow keyboard's backlight
14:D
06hm, personally i prefer custom PC's
Om: One does not simply miss a chance to tease.
GilDash: Well, AJ likes it when I practice it. She makes me run through all the different ways for hours aaaaand that's gonna dig me even deeper in my hole
11,02Incoming enemy from the rear, drop altitude!
GilDash: You never stop as far as I know. xD
06my keyboard is glow in the dark too, and lighted
14same
06steelseries :D
that's cool teh_Tharassan
Coming up the rear eh? DO HO HO
Yay!
Ohai SuperBrony64!
SuperBrony64: Ace Combat, Assasult Horizon?
14but the last time I tried changing stuff in my pc it almost exploded
ohai SuperBrony64 , moo
Airpuff: I suppose.
SuperBrony64: Do a barrelroll!
lol sylandest
11,02Andross' enemy is MY enemy!
11,02O U
hi there!!!:)
LAWL _
14(metaphorically)
14I found a hard disk inside a box
14which was outside
06i tell ya
14for a week
14and rain
06if you dont know what you are doing
14I put it into the pc
Om: Like I said, only when I'm too busy... ;)
Jim: thanks
_: Too obvious! :D
Anyone mind tell me what movies ar efor tonight?:)
SuperBrony64: Deploy the cow armies
11,02Vordox: Check the newsletter :3
Sylandest: And why would AJ want you to try that on her? ;)
06its EVIL AND DEADLY
SuperBrony64: I know, but I'm le tired.
14I was like "NOOO"
14xD
11,02Then have a nap
11,02THEN FIRE ZE MISSLEZ
SuperBrony64: Can you stream Starfox once?! =P
11,02Airpuff: Sure :3
hi there!!!:)
Can't, Crunching GML code for our groups Network Game.
Yayy SuperBrony64 Have you ever done the.. left"
route?
Also, SuperBrony64 There's not Newsletter. O.o
It doesn't exist.
GilDash: O///O I-I have no idea why! :$
Sylandest: Is that all she asks you to do?
omg i'm dead and i'm a ghost...
Sylandest: You been reading to many ship fics.
06I LEarned how to mod PC's myself, and from my dad
11,02The larger version seems to be broken, but there's still the one on the main page
Om: guilty as charged...haha!
morning SuperBrony64
06my dad used to mod/copy/pirate Commodor 64 games and consoles
06:3
that would explain ahy no one notice m greetings...
Om: I've read one. ONE. And I still know all this stuff! :D
14o.o
06when he was young. now he has black and gray hair
11,02The Princess Bride, Sunshine, and BlackRock Shooter for today
11,02Hai Phase4 ^-^
SuperBrony64, the whats broken?
GilDash: You, take it a step further.
GilDash: Well, we do everything on the farm that needs doing. It changes every day
06and was laying diablo III before me >.>
Hmm, so 2 good movies, eh.
Well...
11,02Phase4: Newsletter page has a broken image link
ah, when you click on it
I'll go home around 8 PM, +1GMT
Probably be in time, or not.
haven't seen any of those films, oh my
/me investigates
Also, SuperBrony64 .
I've heard of Blackrock Spire, but not shooter.
Jim: You havent seen princess bride? That is sad.
/me brohoof SuperBrony64 for knowing the flash where the quote came from.
/me finds broken imagemap code
GilDash: anytime I fetch water though, she always gets this far-out look in her eyes...don't know why. Every time I've asked, she just moves me on to the next job
14lol
Achievement Get
http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/c/a/2012/05/17/BUED1OJP4T.DTL&tsp=1
Hello my Silly Fillies!
Hey, Flare.
Morning, FlareChaser!
Hi FlareChaser
ohai FlareChaser
Oh haï FlareChaser
Awww, cute dog you're fihjting
/me shouts hey guys is too much if i ask for a greeting?
Dem pings.
Hello Magical_pablez94 !
ohai Magical_pablez94
Hello there FlareChaser
Hey Magical_pablez94.
Magical_pablez94: Yes.
I like trains
and diablo III
FlareChaser: Nonono, don't!
4 tries before someone notices me...:(
/me is run over by a train
Magical_pablez94: Howdy! Sorry, I didn't see you before
that reminds me, I want to play Diablo III now.... >.>
aww, sorrt Magical_pablez94, didn't see you before
Sylandest: Maybe she want's to tell you something, but she can't?
FlareChaser: Holla! :)
Kil it ...whoever is playing
GilDash: Hella!
wait what?
GilDash: What were you doing? You went silent for a bit there.
My stream is still shot to fuck.
Sylandest Jim ....
GilDash: I wonder what she'd have in mind? I'm always honest with her when she asks me questions
aye, Magical_pablez94?
Om: Ringing my mom up to let the ladder down from the attic so I could get down. This heat is making me thirsty.
by the way...
Sylandest: Bucking, I'd imagine. ;)
/me hoof GilDash a cold drink
Om: Cheers! :)
anything new here? who's streaming? is there someone that wants ot talk about his own day?
Wrek's streaming, Magical_pablez94
/me stirs as he peppers and salts his pray wich is being cooked in his fryingpan shouting "Yes my pray! You're all mine!!"
GilDash: but we take care of that every day! Yeah, we work up a sweat, but it always ends up a good job
Damnit, I swore I could here the beginnings of Octavarium from the stream then. :(
GilDash: wait, you don't mean...*blushes*
/me whispers many naughty things to Sylandest that AJ might want to do.
/me is overloaded and faints from such exposure from GilDash
00,10You best no be talken about my Aj like that.
Sylandest: *Sigh*
/me uses smelling salts on Sylandest.
:D
/me puts the fainted Sylandest on his pizza.. Soon...
Sumica: I was whispering! You can't hear me! :O
I think AJ just want to be loved in EVERY way possible.
Airpuff: cannibal:D
Ninjazz: ;)
Sumica: it's all GilDash! I'm the innocent bystander here!
00,10I have realy good hearing, especaly in the low range
Sylandest: You're the one trussling her up like a turkey...
Magical_pablez94: Never! xD
GilDash: I didn't do anything like that! O//O It was just a few rope tricks!
dellplz
Sylandest: You're not innocent. No matter how hard you try.
Only when AJ is involed is when Sumi's keen hearing kicks in.
Sumica: Well, I could hardly use telepathy now, could I? The images might frighten him to death! :D
Vordox, newsletters fixed ^_^
Om: *waves hooves defensively* But I am! I am innocent. GilDash, tell them I'm innocent!
Sylandest: A few rope tricks she asks you to use on her and makes no attempt to get out of. ;)
06no custom?, no have it your way? >:
00,10>_> <_< what's your point Ninjazz?
Phase4: Thank you, Phase. =3
11,02Moo? o.o
Sylandest: ... I consider your arguments... suspect... ;)
Phase4: Got any experience in GML Network coding?
Morning everyone
06i worked at a IT store a while back, as a school project, they gave me a laptop to repair
/me puts SuperBrony64 atop of his pizza
11,02Cello LunaTheBeloved ^-^
Sylandest: If GilDash Says your innocent my theoryies are proven.
06from this cute chineese girl
Vordox, not a second
11,02O.O
This is going to be great! =d
Phase4: Awww, bummer.D:
XD
/me is ontop of a cheesy and gooey surface
06it had over 500 Viruses, and even ore malware
PrincessLuna: My princess!! how has your day been?
I think... And this is just a stretch here... I think you like Applejack, Sumi!
Vordox, gamemaker?
GilDash: B-b-but! I'm not trying to do anything! I'm just doing what she says!
Hai LunaTheBeloved!
06she was like "i think it runs a little slow"
Yeah, using that currently.
06derp
/me lifts up pizzaslice before.....
00,10perhaps....but I meen where ever did you get that idea?
Sylandest: And enjoying every minute of it...
LunaTheBeloved: hi there
Thats your slice SuperBrony64 xD
You never seem to care about what else goes on... Until AJ is spoken about.
GilDash: But..but..I...*sighs* I give up
PrincessLuna: princess? are u here?
Sylandest: Arent you obsequious.
/me hugs Sylandest.
Magical_pablez94: she left to see avengers
Om: I'm what now? XD
Sylandest: It's all for the best. Why don't you tell her how you really feel.
GML can be used as msot any other tools for networkin, like Bitshifting, Dead Reckoning Packets etc etc.
Sylandest: oh, disconnecting is an optional i suupose:D
Om: What did I say about having to use Google? :|
14o.o
08,01so i just renewed my cello insurance
08,01£64 for the year
Oh my
Sylandest: Means obedient to a, serval, degree.
Nice.
00,10i...I just happen to think that was not a nice thing they said is all.
06but she was dowlnloading like
08,01it always creeps up on me
06everything
Vordox, strange looking language
06NO BIG SUPRISE
08,01because i forget that May is (and has always been) cello re-insure time
It's worth it though, if something happens to your cello
08,01certainly, yes
Phase4: It's like a very easier version of C#
GilDash: but she's out of my league, Gil! and Sumica has claim already, if I recall correctly
Most of the functions are just simple ways
GilDash: Am I distracting you from your prey again with my fancy sesquipedalian format.
Like Direction = Current X+Y Pythagoras
08,01i have about £6500 worth of stuff covered by my musical instrument insurance
Or image_speed = The speed of the Frame per second for that animation instance.
Sylandest: She wouldn't be messing with you like that if she wasn't interested. She's honesty, after all. ;)
etc etc.
Om: I'm not biting! :D
08,01mostly my cello, but also £2,000 worth of pro-audio recording equipment too
GilDash: Not me your not.
Om: Am I the prey in this scenario?
Om: Good idea!
/me noms Om's ear.
GilDash: well...I guess you got me there
What was not nice? Applejack bucks. I don't see the harm in stating facts. She bucks REAL hard too.
so the insurance covers all that?
Pretty simple to make easy coded games instantly.
Sylandest: Well, I'm never not a predator, so I guess you are. ;)
/me flinches
... Probably didn't need to say that last part...
-.-
08,01AJ bucks like a baws.
08,01need strong legs to buck as well as that
Ninjazz: It's all true though. ;) Play the tapes...
Ninjazz: you're putting yourself in the same hole I'm in XD
08,01and good stamina to keep at it all day
*plays tapes*
/me hugs GilDash from behind
I blame you, GilDash.
True that
Hiya everypony!!!
howdy, CrazyCherry!
Hey, CrazyCherry.
CrazyCherry: hiya!!!
ohai CrazyCherry
/me glomps CrazyCherry.
CrazyCherry: You kept me waiting!
Magical_pablez94: Sup+
CrazyCherry: thank celestia you're here, you can reign in GilDash from teasing me mercilessly
CrazyCherry: nothing, i'm fine. what about u?
GilDash: Sorry... But i did come!
*rein
Sylandest: You're off the hook... for now. ;)
Magical_pablez94: Good good...
00,10Down side to lighting magic in skyrim. Knockback
GilDash: *collapses to the ground* finally, a break
CrazyCherry: ... I've been teasing all day, so I'm going to overlook *that* statement.
/me brohoofs CrazyCherry
Thats why I always used ice magic.
Anypony in here?
Slows them down.
I liked lightning.
Imma guess the game...Diablo 3?
Nope
/me brohoofs Magical_pablez94 back
and HI
Correct, ACS13123.
BRB
ACS13123: hi there
Oh okay then
yes indeed ACS13123
Nvm
yay :)
:3
GilDash: You've been teasing...? What do you mean?
CrazyCherry: weird stuff.
CrazyCherry: GilDash has been teasing me all day...
Magical_pablez94: :D
Sylandest: All day? I doubt that.
CrazyCherry: Yeah, I've been playing "got your nose" with Sylandest all day.
Sylandest: I'm sorry to hear.
Sylandest: Haven't I? :|
Phase4: Even you could make a instant pony game within minute.^^
GilDash: meep! yes! :$
GilDash: :D
Om: its close to it, lol
Vordox, but i cant draw :(
Om: The better part of the day at least. :)
Hello everypony!
/me laughs watching at Sylandest and GilDash :D:D:D:D
calcos hi there
Phase4: Just make Programming Art style. ;)
Calcos323:
Hai Calcos323.
hi
Calcos323: Holla! :)
Placeholder!
GilDash: Its always the better part if the day here on Bronystate.
Yo, I can't believe this game is finally out.
lol
back in a sec
Been like that for like 3 or 4 days calcos
I got it at midnight release
Om: It is for me anyway. :D
Hiya Calcos323!!!
Calcos323: Good luck if you can actually play it though. :D
Gildash its quite possible
GilDash: I never would have guessed :)
the servers are calmed down now
So no log in problems atleast for me
killerpony7733: Thats good to hear Peppers.
ooh, new wallpapers!
acursed Dari-bot, making me think there is activity in here
Is Wrek Streaming?
I belive he is.
00,10sooooo i dont recall pets in skyrim before. yet I have a dog now.
OK, that would explain my video problem
http://www.informationweek.com/news/security/vulnerabilities/240000575
ikr
Om: Aww, are you giving pet names out too, Ommykins? :)
And I have it my way
Accursed RX-78-SweetieBot, highlighting me and making me think there is activity in here.
:P
as I added an extra HDD (3 now)
GilDash: No. Pet names would be more creative.
Sumica: If I remember right, sometimes a dog will accompany you out and about in the wilderness. not sure though
:P
Who here is pumped for Indigo Montoya: The Movie?
Never heard of it
Calcos323: me me me!
00,10I am ^_^
00,10But that's cause i picked it Calcos323
Is PRincess Bride the first thing being shown today?
i CAME i mean... i arrived.... i mean i'm back
/me NP: Diablo III :D
*Princess Bride
00,10second
6_9
ahh, gotcha
I grew up with that movie, and it's the reason why Cary Elwes is my favorite actor of all time
Magical_pablez94: Don't stir me up. ;)
00,10first will be sunshine
06and aaaaalways download form the ORIGINAL site, if legit
duhh
hey kids!
Magical_pablez94: don't stir gil up...you saw what happened to me...lol
GilDash: what happens if i do ?!?
GilDash: He was just letting you know of his comeing? What is so wrong with that.
FlareChaser: howdy!
I got something to say...
Ahem
06not everyone as that smart
How long is Sunshine? I wanna know when I should show up for The Princess Bride
05time for me to go eat dinner
06old granny's fall for that too fast >L:
Alright
/me gives FlareChaser full attention
05hope ya likes Diablo 3
Yo dawg, I like cookies.
Om: ...
that is all.
06i once scolded my grandma for downloading a "Pc Improver"
Magical_pablez94: Play with fire... ;)
GilDash: even I could see that one, and I'm the innocent one
Thanks, Wrek! It was nice seeing what everyone was talking about.
GilDash: Ah the elipsis.
Sylandest: I'll train you up yet. ;)
GilDash: i'm fireproof XD
Still gotta say. I'm not so sure I'm impressed enough to get this game.
GilDash: haha! :D
Magical_pablez94: We may see yet. :)
QUICK! When Wrek is gone, POST PONIES! :P
protip: dont start reading good stories at 1am
Ninjazz: It doesn't seem worth all the hassle...
GilDash: *challenge accepted*
/me starts crying.. "Goddamit onions!"
before you know it it'll be 2 a
am
Airpuff: nuuuu don't cry!
inb4 its 3 am and i'm still awake
GilDash: Ikr. Yet everyone including my favorite fic author is playing the hell out of it.
these onions... >.>
/me offers Airpuff a face cover for protection
/me helps Airpuff cleaning his eyes:)
Phase4: That is a routine of mine.
Airpuff: Here's that towel again...
put her on a standard account
forever
/me drys tears "Thanks
/me kisses Airpuff.
:O
Greetings
Gildash always looks after us :)
/me blushes
so I
dunno
/me is disdained
Sylandest: I'm here for all of your needs. :) All of them. ;)
Sylandest: Too much for me at times, but to many people are telling me I need to lighten up. And I am starting to belive it.
06nah
Airpuff: blushing in front of GilDash may be dangerous if i get it straight...
FourFire: Holla! :)
Hello GilDash
06she tells everyone to only install things on her old PC (Windows XP, was 95) with my permission
GilDash: um...yay? *fluttershy yay*
I am mighty interested in what your ponygrphonic form would look like
Magical_pablez94: You're catching on quicker than most. :)
FourFire: All pony. :)
Which Sunshine movie?
1997 or 2007?
06oh god i love pointing out to my ant and uncles that bearshare and most of their "quality" programs are useless :D
Om: If you can relax and enjoy yourself, that's all I would ask for. I come on here to have fun and smile, and that's precisely what all these pony folk help me do
aha
FourFire: I wouldn't mind trying to make little hippogryphs though. ;)
GilDash: i'm a smarter then people think
...
Biglaw or RaveBrony isnt here? thisisnotgoingtobefun.
FourFire: you walked into that one...lol
Yeah sorry but I'm not into RPL
Sylandest: I have a twisted sense of humor.
FourFire: You might want to try and avoid me then. ;)
GilDash: than*
Om: as do many of us at time, hehe
GilDash: I take you know the lore of how a hippogryph is produced.
I'm hopefully not going to do much walking
Magical_pablez94: I don't give a toss about then and than. :D
as of now...
Om: I'm *very* familliar. ;)
GilDash: ok...:D
GilDash: I thought so. Seemed like that would be up your ally.
Om: Up my... ally...
BearShare
GilDash: thats too easy for you, lol
lolthat
GilDash: I know what I said.
Sylandest: Do you have any idea how hard it is to find a willing gryphon in these parts? :D
I would have an idea
dat SuperBrony64
GilDash: I've not tried and no intention to, so I'm afraid I don't...lol
Back to the main chat.
I wonder (once again) whether there is a Fanfiction channel on this net
uhm.... ippogryph.... ippo is for horse gryph is for gryphon....that reminds me GILDA and RAINBOWDASH???!?!?!?? :O:O
anyone know?
MaidSurge: You werent in the main chat?
Magical_pablez94: What about them?
Om: He was with me. :)
Gilda and Rainbow Dash is a ship. A ship with some merit...
yes
just read "Dash of the titans"
proof rigth there...
Ninjazz: A one-sided ship in my mind.
GilDash: Ah, I don't need to know anymore then.
Om: GilDash and I discussed about... colored topics :D
GilDash: rule34 file.... content locked...
Om: You probably shouldn't. It might pop your clogs. :D
GilDash: You'll need to explain "one-sided" to me. :S
Like who?
GilDash: That is a saying I am unfamiuar with.
Ninjazz: Gilda wants Dash. Dash either isn't interested or doesn't know. :)
:(
Ahhh.
Om: Blow your mind. :D
wait a second ...GILDA +DASH=g
Sounds rather legit.
GilDash: I doubt it.
Magical_pablez94: Yes, Gilda and Dash. :D
D3 kills unicorns and fluffy bears
GilDash: are u an ippogryph?
Om: Although, pop your clogs really means death, so...
Magical_pablez94: Nope. It's just a username. :)
GilDash: :D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
GilDash: That is a tad extreem then. Don't cha think. Or would you rather I'm incompasitated?
oh, we're back
wat
LOL
Space?
:P
space
PORTAL
Om: I think you might die from embarassment. :D
:D
oooh, i remember this
DAT WHEATLEY!
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
Spaaaaaace!
Wait... No...
what's that mod?
SPACE CORE!
Wheatley...?
http://www.joystiq.com/2012/05/18/diablo-3s-secret-world-discovered/ --- Warning video imbedded, spoilers :)
Dat Space core.
GilDash: There are some emotions I possess little of.
LOL SPACEBORN XD
Spaaaace.
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!
Spaaaace!!!
SPace?
That's the official Valve DLC for Skyrim right?
Spaaaaace?
GilDash, it looks like i'm more perv than u, btw...:D
Space core? what are you ddoing here?
uhh my linky was D3 related
Magical_pablez94: Although, it does have some merrit. Gilda x Dash was the ultimate reason I joined the fandom. :)
Magical_pablez94: Trust me, I'm pretty bad. :D
wait. dat music... dat scenery... OH MY GOOOOOOOD!
Why is he in a pan? :D
yeah well like all Brony channels this one prooved to be odd
guys,im scared
Not that i don't enjoy odd
Ninjazz: That is a pot.
just that I can't do it right now
Magical_pablez94: DON'T CHALLENGE HIM ON PERERTEDNESS! :D
cya all later
Back in a sec guys. :)
Om: Whatever! Cooking thingy.
i think someone is in my house
GilDash: i dunno if laugh as an idiot or if being scared
bai FourFire
:'(
Magical_pablez94: Go with laughing, it's more fun. :D
Ninjazz: That works.
SKYRIM SPACE CORE :D
SPAAACE!
We are interregating him now.
/me is scraed ( GilDash|AFK )
So who be streamin?
Tell us what you know or we'll cook you.
Magical_pablez94: Don't think to much into it.
wrek, TheRandomkid321
Ninjazz He knows about..... SPACE!
So cute... XD
I think this is some of our intermission...lol
Based off the fact that Sumi was talking about Skyrim, I assume Sumica is streaming.
LOL
:P
could be Wrek
Yup, its Sumica
And that yay~ proves it.
ping, it's that guy
Dat yay :D
Sumica
00,10busted
ok
yay
lol
:O
:(
im scared
wat
:(
me no gusta...
:'(
Foild!
it feels like someone is in my house
Sumica you really need to mute your browser :D
/me calms down cause he had a wingboner out of nowhere...(even if he's a unicorn)
but noones here
ofna01: Don't turn around.
I wonder what kind of mad man would buy Space Core?
00,10Dad are you a dragon? Yes Son I am all the dragons
/me turns around
ofna01... GO TO THE NEAREST PHONE!.... AND ORDER SOME PIZZA
i have Pizza hot pockets
/me boo
supreme
/me *perv mode OFF*
stream Y U NO VURK!?
00,10"level speach, talk people in to going to space"
.
ofna01: BU!!!
I'm proud of you son. You are the best dragon. I'M THE BEST AT DRAGON SLAYING!
space,gotta go to space,space,space
I cant see the stream
Needs to be about 20% cooler.
Allo everypony.
/me pokes Meanwhile
JappleAck me niether ;/
Meanwhile: Sup.
Hey, Meanwhile!
Jappleack??????????????????????????????
wait. its good
/me prods LunaTheBeloved
/me hugs Meanwhile
and dat buitiful lag
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
LOL
/me hugs LunaTheBeloved.
howdy, Meanwhile!
Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace!
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!
now i see it
Meanwhile: did you see the picture Wrek made last night? :3
howdy, LunaTheBeloved!
Spaaaaaaaaaaace!!
SPACEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Dat house is DED
Cello Sylandest
FlareChaser: I've heard of it, but I have yet to see it.
wait... WHERES WEATLY!?
Wow.... That house is Wreked.
Heh, Jappleack :D
:D
hi LunaTheBeloved how are ya?
Meanwhile: Ah, its pretty badass....
lol
lmao
He seems to use TGM alot.
space
THAT BAD GAME DESIGN UI
FlareChaser: where can we see it?
No dragons, just space.
Cello Magical_pablez94, doing fine, you?
Space is best place.
Sylandest: I dont have it :(
space is best dragon
WoW time
I have skyrim too bad i can't get good items!
FlareChaser: phooey. I wanted to see it. Habe fun on WoW!
LunaTheBeloved: awesome, princess!:D
have fun FlareChaser|WoW
FlareChaser|WoW: Kill Deathwing.
YES
Dr mario?
YESSSS!
FlareChaser|WoW: I envy your wow time.
k then...
I LOVE THIS SONG AND VIDEO!
Aaaw shit
dr mario :D
Great song
Korobeinka!
inb4 EVE>WoW :)
No...That was Tetris :P
oh cool the visual songs
This video
I don't have anything to do on WoW until tuesday :I
/me nerdgasm
/me is nodding head to tune
good evening
"Is it hard to pee, then you have H G B"
hai Flutters
Hello Flutters.
Allo Flutters.
Cello Flutters
/me *mario64 voice* "it's me, mario!!!hello!!"
BEST PART!
GRADIUS <3
Gradius!
howdy, Flutters!
GRADIUS! :D
DUDE
8-bit music <3
LAWL! this oen XD
that konami coke
Boss time!
*code
This please my nerd side
konami code
Lawl , awesome XD
Donkey Kong
0.0
puzzles!
alrighty, what next
WOAH
yay!
Oh maaaai
:O
oh myyy
OH Myyyyy
inb4 WOOAH
OH MY!
RBGY.
Inb4 WHOAH followed by Oh Mai
mica
WAIT!? GRBY!? I want that....That is...AWESOME...
too late LunaTheBeloved
WHOAH!
WOAH
Meanwhile: Holla! :)
rofl
:D
oh my
OH MYYYYY
roflmao
Dat George Takei.
Allo GilDash.
RGBY* That sounds liek an awesome step in the right direction.
cue chorus of George Takei
ASTAIRE!!
WOAH! h myyyy
Wait..wait...that guy...
<3
Ah this.
Yeah Astaire!
Astaire is best dance pony.
Who is streaming, if you want classic I SO want to see the Typewriter. XD
Ah Fred Astaire.
Classy.
True fact, everyone looks like that in England.
like a sir
3ooh, I like this song
I like that man
3Very nice
Putting on the ritz.
ritz
Puttin' on the Ritz!
classy~
Good think, Meanwhile?
classy indeed
3puttin' some cheese on the Ritz
thing*
3~
Heheh
I've always wanted to hear this song in its entirety
lol
that group sucked.
Gary Cooper?
Ninjazz: It's great for tea time, less so for farm work.
/me thinks
FlareChaser|WoW: That happens... Alot.
OK
/me it's pensierous
FlareChaser|WoW: Doesn't 90% of pug groups?
Dat ASDF
*falls down stairs*
00,10vidoes unpausing them selves, man youtube has screwed up their shit
#5
*ded
ASDF quots.....
Inb4 Bobby plays that one about falling down the stairs.
Meanwhile: Eyup, top DPS was like.... 10k
so....dat Bing Crosby.
Sumica: lol, that rogue youtube
Meanwhile: P RLY?
O*
Indeed, Sumica
Google's been having their tubes tied up recently I think
FlareChaser|WoW: .-. wow that's really depressing.
i may be... Laggin behind...
WallDives: except its fred astair :)
Gchat's been weird too
Everyone knows that TheLivingTombstone made the music for ASDF#5 by now, right?
"they changed the layout, youtue is ruined forever!!!" /rage
FlareChaser|WoW: I could get more then 10k from auto attacks
^
the internet is becoming unstable..
hehehe
so Meanwhile, I'm sure you saw the drawing last night?
Ninjazz REALLY!? Oh myyy
you dps FlareChaser|WoW ?
Dem epic dance moves
TheLivingTombstone makes good music :)
Ah, I gues not. Yes, true fact, TheRandomkid321.
WallDives_: Everyone keeps mentioning it but no, I have yet to actually see it.
the internet is going to collapse in on itself
Can anyone else see Pinkie doing this?
The reason I love Step Dance <--- This feeling of awesomeness...<3 Just like Dancing in the Rain.
teh_Tharassan: like, 35k and I'm not even fully geared yet.
You'll probably seen it soon, Meanwhile. Very soon...
Meanwhile, you will rage, and that's all I'll say.
my favorit part
and break all the walls
*favorite part
FlareChaser|WoW: What class are you again?
Meanwhile, You'll probably have a good laugh
this is lagged as buck for me and Syncronised daaaance. Syncronised dance YEAH!
Om: Rogue, I love Rogues :P
Also, wanting to see Proffessional dancing, FROM ACTORS...Bucking bad actors nowadays D:
FlareChaser|WoW: Needs more heroic starcatcher compass.
^
FlareChaser|WoW: They awesome :D I haz a kitteh
I agree.
I still have the thought that EVE > WoW :)
That tapping. <3 I'm shivering XD
once this video ends i'm gonna destroy my computers hard drive deliberatly
RyunosukeKnT: Your opinion is yours, however wrong it is. That is all.
Om: Not sure if Hunter or Druid....
FlareChaser|WoW: im more of a warrior guy myself like 40k dps
with a magnet?
Flutters: why? :(
YAY!
teh_Tharassan: nice :P
FlareChaser|WoW: Raid progress?
okay, let me ask this, why is WoW so awesome :)
FlareChaser|WoW: Druid. My gear was so so.
THE TYPEWRITER! <3 THANK YOU SUMICA<3<3<3<3<3<3
6_9
Sumica always lags for me
i'm bored!!!!!!!!!!!
:P
:D
Agreed.
Meanwhile: Beat every single Raid. :|
ooh this the typewriter song one?
Sylandest: i'm gonna be installing ubuntu on a partition
FlareChaser|WoW: -on heroic I assume?
Agreed
Haven't seen this one yet...
00,10oh animaniacts pariodied this
yay
yay!!!!
Meanwhile: Eh, almost all on heroic.
Flutters: Ahh, I see. I wish you the nest of luck
*best
FlareChaser|WoW: Almost isn't all! >:I
oh wow! :O
wait, what?
Meanwhile: I just need ICC :|
sumica they did
3dis muzik~
its lagging. Ill be on later guys.
Icc, good ol days
3oh, I love strings
seeya TheRandomkid321
if i do not return within a week it means i have messed up my laptop. bye for now
Slurry, agreed :3
FlareChaser|WoW: When I ask for progress I don't want to know your progress in Wrath, I want current raid bosses dead.
/me has Kingslayer title on hunter
LA7? That's an italian channel! :D
Emphasise 'current'
/me nuzzles LunaTheBeloved so softly
Bye Flutters and good luck
I wub this
Flutters why you destroyig your laptop?
00,10I was just noticein g that MaidSurge
Bye Flutters.
I'm too much of a pansy to do raids...
12dead
Bye Flutters
I want to play TF2 now.... :|
Raids Om?
this
Animaniacs? O.o
animaniacs!
What was the point of al lthat? :D
ASHIT
YES
ANIMANIACS
Wait...They did The TypeWRiter?
O.o OMG!
Vordox: yes
0.0
Yep
Why is my stream so damn laggy today? :(
....wat.
Damnit FlareChaser|WoW don't ignore me when I want to know how far you are in Dragon Soul heroic.
CrimsonPhoenix: WOW.
so thats what that was from...
o_O
Agreed.
So many typewriter videos
Meanwhile: I beat all the bosses in Dragon Soul :|
that filing
GilDash: You're back!
/me kisses SlurryMoon
wat
FlareChaser|WoW: on heroic?
Om: what?
Meanwhile: yes.
FlareChaser|WoW: cool
/me kisses LunaTheBeloved back and smiles
Let's see..Classic movie scenes..
OH!
Sweet, how long did it take you to down Spine?
Now let me play TF2 :|
CrimsonPhoenix: Sorry, Raids on World of Warcraft.
0-0
"You got to laugh" in Dancing int he Rain. <3
Om: I've been back a little while now... Why, were you missing me? ;)
Ding!
Giant hammer :D
/me snuggles with SLurryMoon
LOL! Filing the papers XD
GilDash: we all missed you :)
GilDash: I plead the fifth.
dat wordplay
dat face.
/me holds LunaTheBeloved close to him and sways
oh this
I mean, TF2.
now I want more Anim-YES
FlareChaser|TF2: Oi, how long did it take you to down Spine hc?
O.o Patriotic!
/me hugs Sylandest and Om.
lol meanwhile
/me hugs GilDash back
Om: You plead the Fifth too damn often. :)
._.
Meanwhile: Like, 3 hours, wiped a couple times.
/me rests her head agsint SlurryMoon's head as we sway
I need to know these things damnit, I don't get to talk about heroic raids with anyone.
GilDash: Sooooo...
how long has it been since I've seen this...?
~
wasn't there one other famous songs Animniacs did with Countries?
00,10mid 90's
Lol
FlareChaser|TF2: "a couple" 3 hours.
dat lincoln
Meanwhile: its too hard i only downed 4 bosses in hero
this probably would've helped me on that presidents reciting my economics teacher made us do
Meanwhile: maybe? :3
FlareChaser|TF2: How many Madness hc kills?
00,10might be hard to do if you dont have the song to help you remember it though
Meanwhile: 4
Chimew
MaidSurge: We don't....XD
Unbore me
PROPOGANDA.
But I don't care.
MaidSurge: They drill them into our heads.
Meanwhile, We is smatrs
*smarts
Sylandest: thank god :D
LunaTheBeloved: Eh?
Sorry *Maidsurge
Canterlot?
This song is pretty good!
LunaTheBeloved: We sure are... :D
Tab failed
MaidSurge: I don't know. We Brits couldn't give a monkeys about our PMs. :D
This is a long song. XD
MaidSurge: I find it funny how I can remember entire casts of games and animates shows, but ask me to list out real people, and im stuck, lol
Obama.
GilDash: Its a "paitriodic" Thing. Bleh >>
lol
HAHHAA! DAT PRESS XD
Sorry kids!
well bed time
gnight everyone
so true.
Night Phase4.
Night Phase4
night Phase4.
uh oh
Phase4: night
night Phase 4
oh lordy
Gnight Phase4! Take care.
Gnight Phase.
night Phase4
nighty Phase4
Oh THIS!
00,10night Phase4
/me gives Skydroid a brick
I faild this test.
06here, go play with it
GilDash: As well as our prime ministers/Republic Presidents.
XF
XD
I remember this song =)
Phase4: Night night. :)
Animaniac... I'll trade them with Teletubbies anyday
THAT ISNT WHERE COLUMBUS IS!
It is now.
WallDives: You SURE? XD
What am I supposed to do with a brick..?
06i always play with my big toe when im bored
06i dunno
06eat it?
Now name all the provinces of Canada.
Vordox: considering I'm from Ohio, yes, DAMN sure.
technically Washington DC is not a state :)
06shove it up someon-
06erm
06eat it
No, DC is a district...
you don't say?
.w.
I'll break my teeth
This is not the song I had in mind.. It was countries around the world..
oi, get to my state!
Not sure what the name is though
06no pain
06no max
06erm
06no gain
Kentucky would be last...I don't blame him...
Meanwhile: I had to take this tes 3 dam times in one grade cuse I kept failing!
Vordox: It's a Small World After All... :D
06kudo's to anyone whoo got the reference
GilDash: You certain that's the name?
wat
Vordox: Nope, I can't even see/hear the stream. :D
00,10you all knew this was coming
THERE IT IS!
eeyup
here we go
YAY! <3
Sumica: crap
that's not where Sac is either XD
HERE WE GO
Best song ever <3
there we go.
/me did not know this was coming.
THey forget Denmark XD
THIS :D
BE READY to check if your Country gets picked!
GilDash: are u da one on da right?
Vordox
GilDash: http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/188150
Sumica: they played this at my college to promote international travel...lol
I'm #2
key change!
/me cheers
Hungary :3
Guaaam
Guam? Close enough...
00,10that's the video droping the right channle
Sumica. Figured, old video.
Afaghanistan is righr beside China? I'm learning this now?
:D I'm in!
wait, did the miss Netherlands, or did they just say Holland?
they^
more key change!
HOly crap, ever faster..
:|
I wonder how many takes this took.
THAT VOICE ACTOR <3
atleast he said venezuela
oh gawd ... my head
I could do this... easily... >.>
I think they said Holland
I'm certain they never said Denmark XD
End on Sudan.
/me sighs
oh this
Hellooooooooooo Nurse
inb4 socks
Holland =/= Nederland...
socks.
When THE MOOOOOOON
CrimsonPhoenix did you look above that screencap?
:D
rofl
socks!
socks.
Smooze?!
inb4 asphalt
He was lucky enough to be wearing socks
lol
00,10man this one is realy dated
Kicking our asphalt.
kicking asphalt
:3
I see what they did there
Animaniacs is so awesome.
Nice.
Animaniacs is the only show that can get away with a happy song about Earthquakes. XD
What is wrong with my internets today? >_<
What about Asia? LOOK AT ALL THEIR QUAKES!
Animaniacs was one of the better shows that I watched back then.
GilDash: Too much activity perhaps.
chinese earthquake?
GilDash: I think everyone is having problems...
Let's ignore the body count of this song shall we.
Aeiou
Ebrbrbrbrbrbr
BRB, going to check which of my bro's is using the entire internet at once...
It's just LA.
Meanwhile: k
dot song
I'm not mad.
U Mad?
And I suddenly spot cleavage in the related videos. >_<
U JELLY
Ninjazz: Ikr
/me is actually gonna go play TF2 now.
oh actually this song
Poached > scramble.
Try to have fun, Flare.
/me wants pancakes
That poor Professor...
He brought that upon himself
haha
00,10I realy liked this ep
I really mad.
She mad
>:I
Oh, animaniacs!
U mad, sis?
Driving in a carrrrrrrr
Mornin everypony!!!!!
Dat Rhyming...
morning panda.
Hongry
Hey panda.
wait, its afternoon here...
man, they have some good songs
or...I can play HL2...
ohai panda
Hiya panda!!!!
00,10they must have had so much fun recording these
Ninjazz: hehe you're still on :D
hai panda
Why is Wakko British?
WallDives: oh are you on the east coast?
why not?
You just know that the VA's acted this out while they were recording.
No wonder it feels like I'm just watching peope come and go. 6_9
panda: close enough.
FlareChaser|TF2: Hi there....
Sumica: In interviews they said they had lots of fun :D
Ninjazz: hehe
I only just noticed that now
and I used to watch this all the time as a kid
panda: How're you doing? :)
GilDash: hehe, I'm doing fine, how about yourself?
Yay!
Bleh finally done with the damn pizza! soon... it is done *-*
wat
what song was this based on?
o.o Mickey mouse?
>_>
.. dat quarrel..
and back to argue
Consistancy!
Brothers in a nutshell
And that's how equestria was made
the joy of childhood
DFKSLGMJKSDMGF
ikr.
Yay!
asdf5
asdf :D
:D
It's funny because it's an accurate depiction of siblings.
it is.
panda: Not too bad, except for my stream lag. >_<
NOW KISS
Hey, you two should kiss!
Dat Moon
You two should kiss!
..
Sumica: We have had ASDF, what about Doctor Octogannapus.
Hello mine turtule.
HELLO
asdf 5 was pretty weak
Airpuff: You say that every time.
GilDash: hehe aww
Ravenholm scares me! :(
Dat hello.
Jim, Airpuff: Where are you drawing that from?
Om Ofc its awesome
Dat Pony
DAT PONY!
weird pony
GilDash: Stream
*quack*
OMY GOSH
HELLO
Hello =)
Dem ducks
Airpuff: Oh... Damned laaa-
But it oposite day...
Hola!
Llaamaaaa!
Hello!
HELLO
Airpuff: -aaag.
This moves... too fast.. to comment.
xD
HELLO
a wonder llama!
Living Tombstone~
They told me I could never teach a llama to drive!
On the bottom of the ocean!
no.
Watch that one
YAY!
aw.
OSHIT
:D
Is it Pony or TF2?
O.o
and dat nihon-go.
WHAT
is this THE oh
OMG :D
LOL! Old Spice XD
NEITHER
Dat Asdf-movie.
Dat Odor Blocker Body Wash
Bah kicked xD
WUT
WHAT?
What?
waht?
WHAT!
O:O! Don't punch her!
Dat Old spice.
RARW
Can we watch some of the commercials? They are fantastic xD
Dat old spice.
Shame it's not Old Old Spice.
I have to go make food now! Will be on with latency!
I wouldnt be surprised if this was a real commercial over there.
:P
Cya Om.
later Om.
oo Bye Om
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/original/000/108/253/Im%20on%20a%20pony.jpg?1300916327
Om: Don't be a stranger. ;)
bai Om
bye Om
Wat.
have fun Om
Bye bye Om!
Ahahaha Jim xD
Needs more actual ads.
also, it doesnt sound like she's really saying anything.
YAY!
Looking For Group!
-.-
Yaaaaay
OH GOD
It's the Little Mermaid parody!
Is this?
05back from chow
YES
Close your eyes, now open your eyes? Where are you? You are on a boat, with the man your man can smell like...
Wb Wrek
Wb Wrek.
allo Wrek
Blind.
xD
Wb Wrek.
hello wrek.
Slaughter your World
Wrek, hiya ^^
Hiya Wrek!!
I love Richard.
He's so much fun.
wha?
YES IT IS! <3
What?
dat Richard
wtf...
.... Stream, are you really working? :D
Richard is his name.
<-
0.0
GilDash: its working.
Part of your World?
WallDives: :O
His voice is beautiful but... :S
Ehhhhhhh............
Um...
KITTEN NO!
Ded.
little mermaid.....
....
No...
not the puppy!
Thea average Skyrim player
dat sociopath
this is so terrible...so, why am I smiling?
Bastard...
Your vilage will burn like the heart of the sun!
ô.o
that richard
STAB THEM
Oh this is a parady to Little Mermiad... Derp
lol
Villains always have the best songs. :D
god, I'm drinking water, can't hold it lol
00,10I cant belive how few of you have seen this
GilDash: agreed ^^
Ikr Sumica.
I'd cut in half, then I graft his head back onto his shoulder...
I saw this
hes evil xD
despite not following LFG
I love it
Sumica: LFG is a famous, but only within a certain interest group
There's ONE more song, right Sumica. ;) Don't miss it!
Sumica: I've seent his :)
I think I prefer this to the actual song.
I must learn these lyrics.
DAT YAY
yay
this is a parody? huh.
I'll slaughter the woooooooooooooooorrrrrrld
yay
dat legacy..
Bzzt.
yes, based from that song in little mermaid
WallDives: No, Disney ripped this off.
WallDives: go watch the little mermaid
Ahaha GilDash
stream switch?
sorry, I didnt really see any disney movies when I was little...
00,10wrek wants to try somthing
/me gales att WallDives ... Nice childhood...
GilDash: dat sarcasm :D
I think I know what he wants...
oh dear..........
Glares*
Also, is it wrong if when I think about the little mermaid I somehow get My little mermaid in my head?
and then bronystate died :)
MaidSurge: Sarcasm? Me? No... :D
My Little Seapony.
Airpuff: You know it's true. :D
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo
Meanwhile fund it
GilDash: SARCASM? MOI? :D
Awww! No more LFG. :(
GilDash: :p
But there already were Sea Ponies inside.
le yawn
that streamception
Ooh, is this Diablo 3?
05jsut got my 100 line
00,10seems wrek was't happy with his old internet so now he's got a 100meg line
05gona try 1080p stremaing for the luls
O.o Lol Wrek
As you do.
00,10inb4 mips refuses it
oh my
Wrek, you mean for the lag?
Is this life-slayer3000 A.K.A Diablo 3?
Wrek: Just to know, mine was bad enough earlier. :D
Just 1 hour before The Princess Bride :$
05please notify me on how it is and ill adjsut the settings
00,10more like 3 hours MaidSurge
Not sure if my internet likes that.
Buffering
Oh right
00,10lots of buffering
inb4 Meanwhile with a buffering image
and kinda lagging
00,10and no sound
Never saw that movie btw.
Very much buffering... xD
what does the "inb4" thing mean Sumica?
I was just about to say that, LunaTheBeloved.
Okay, got about...2 FPS
05lemme adjsut the bitrate
LunaTheBeloved: You called? http://i.imgur.com/uvPon.jpg
aw man i should probably sleep. cya guys. ill be on in a few hours
Sounds, visual
00,10in before
More Diablo 3!
lloks ok in fullscreen
You're right, I did call it
*looks
Sumica: hehe well i still dont get the joke ^^
About...30-40 FPS, not it's down to 10-20 FPS
now*
00,10think of it as predicting the future
05bitrate lowered to 1/14th
I've literally got nothing. :D
Even less now. about 5-12 FPS
GilDash: we know this.
oh alright hehe. thank you Sumica
No Sound
Oh, I might have life...
Wrek: How can i get an separate irc account?
WallDives: What does that mean... :|
nope, not even that.
Daayuum, it looks pretty...
Sound now, 10-30 FPS
dat lagg..
GilDash: you figure it out.
xD
Audio Cut out.
00,10seems to be stable now wrek
05note thet the no sound and lag is cause I tab
05that*
Noted.
How about you just get your resolution down to as close to 640x480 or whatever mips.tv runs at.
?
Seen and heard.
Noticed that.
Had a feeling too.
05anyone try to fullscreen?
05prefferably someone with a 108+p monitor
WallDives: I've figured it out and I don't like the answer. :|
Wrek: It looks gorgeous.
00,10could you play a game at 640x480 Kandarihu?
It does look amazing even on my small screen.
Sure. The framerate is nice.
GilDash: thats for the sarcasm at my lack of a childhood.
tad pixelly but beautiful Wrek
I grew up on that resolution.
05lemme bump the bitrate jsut a teeny bit higher
WallDives: Hey, don't take it personally. I'm sarky with everyone a little. ;)
About 30-40 FPS while moving.
Hey Wrek word in the chat is you drew something I should see.
00,10geting some odd grafic tearing around the hud wrek
Meanwhile: hehe yesh ^^
00,10lol
Well, whatever. I'm gonna go for a bit
Meanwhile: :D
GilDash: I know.
cya Kandarihu
seeya Kandarihu
Whose handling the Stream Functions here on Bronystate?
some days, you just want to reach out and torch someone.
Bye Kandarihu.
WallDives: That makes what you did even worse! :D
05with the new bitrate
05worse or better?
While moving = 7-12 FPS
GilDash: who said I was either good or nice?
Generally the same.
For me atleast.
/me is Lawful Neutral
yea pretty much the same
08,01man, System Shock is terrifying
Standing still, about 30 FPS with some jumps
Wrek, the framerate went down the quality went up ^^
08,01i'm playing it again
08,01and i'm shitting my pants as i play it
08,01very fun, yes
But will it blend?
05500+ in framerate now
08,01when it runs at a decent framrate
I need to get off my ass and play it.
08,01WallDives: i kinda got bored of pokemon
Wrek: You're crashing the stream XD
Inb4 Blizzard server goes down.
WallDives: Hey, I'm true neutral, so go figure. :D
eh, I would'nt worry about I guess
00,10hey Meanwhile he's the rough sketch http://screensnapr.com/v/O9bG9z.jpg
08,01system shock's controls are not too great
08,01but it's so immersive
Goddamnit.
dat drawing
Wait a minute...
Meanwhile: the final sketch is better.
Meanwhile: hehe you should see it colored ;D
is that meanwhile and trixie? lol
Dken2021: it is.
Dken2021: hehe
05ok
Sumica: ... Me gusta...
05how is it now?
hahaha
Wasn't that Shining Armor? I remember seeing that like a long time ago.
05better of worse?
looks fine to me...
That sketch is awesome. :D
s bit laggy at my end
Spike's Bachelor Party.
/me is getting the animated series of Redwall
a*
About...12-15 FPS while moving, standing still = 20 FPS
Wrek: a couple jumps here and there and the quality is perfect, but i think the jumping is my internet ^^
is jealous is CrimsonPhoenix. XD
looks nice though :)
So how's that always online DRm working for you?
I'm also on Sweden so I'm one of the top viewing quality I assume.
panda: I'm jumping ahead a minute at a time. :(
During fight scene = 20+ FPS. easily.
GilDash: :( im sowwy
wow i didn't know i could actually make it
Ravenhold is the scariest shit ever in HL2... :(
It is a fine looking game, ain't it?
panda: It's okay. Not your fault. :)
hi
Kill ALL the things!
im back
It's just the moving part that is kinda = Dropping 50% FPS.
:)
sooo...what's going on?
... Bad framrate... I liked it better earlier..
frame*
by the looks of it thingas are dying....
sings*
05the always online DRM for diablo or any game doesnt not affect me
00,10it's ok though Meanwhile later on you were replaced with a pole
;jbhu
things*
GilDash hehe :)
05but yeah
LOL Pole > Meanwhile XD
Sumica: Not sure if better or worse.
Wrek: double negatives...
what a coincedence i was jjust playing a game
Wrek: Try lowering the Bitrate to about... 30-50%?
05if you had a 1080p monitor please fullscreen for a little while and give a feedback
05ill mkae adjsutments in 5ish minutes
what game is this?
Full Screen = 20-30 FPS when standing. Moving = 10-15 FPS.
Dungeon Siege 3
looks good at fullscreen
I think it's WoW
The legend of zelda
COD
Viva Pinata.
I thought this was Diablo 3?
Ugh... Bufs.
It's pokemon
Bugs*
Digimon
It's Skyrim.
BattleToads
No dragons, can't be.
uhh
I recommend lowering the Bit rate, Wrek. About 30-50% to see how good the FPS is then
*insert game here*
I missed what now?
Super Mario.
Nintendogs
MLP - The Game.
Fallout 3
Silver Surfer, what?
halo
Tekken 4.
cooking mama
piloitwings resort
Everything is cooking, so I have some time to chat. Wazup?
Deadly Premonition
Hard Rain
Ratchet and Clank.
05ok
SterCraft
final fantasy
05feedback check
Mind Jack
Mass effect
Soul Calibur
Donkey Kong Country
you dont know jack?
I am loving chat right now.
Dawn Of War
WreK: Still 10-15 FPS while moving, When fighting about 20-25 FPS, when standing still 30+ FPS.
:(
Left 4 Dead
Yoshi's Story
Armored Core!
Someone feed, Wrek.
Hey everypony!! :)
00,10here you go Meanwhile http://i.imgur.com/QVoP8.jpg
Hey, so I just saw the EQD post about something that happens to relate to the game you guys are playing right now.
Damn commas.
I want Armored Core 5 so bad...
Silent Hill: Homecoming
05ok lowered the bitrate a little
05see if the fps gets better
Silent HIll 2
Ugh.
Okay, do your test, Wrek
its not lagging :|
Fuck silent hill homecoming
Sumica: I was going to ask why you have that then I noticed the trenchcoat moustache with "Not Meanwhile
Written on it.
Buffering ffs
At least homecoming isnt as bad as Downpour
Meanwhile: yup, not you ^^
get like 2 fps when he's fighting -.-
00,10oh I dont have it, i just pulled it from the chat logs
is it scary?
05better Vordox?
i dont know wha t to do :(
I hope this isnt permanent..
It was...worse... O.o
lol
Worse FPS then before. XD
I got 2 fps while you were fighting Wrek xD
About 80% of what was before, which is weird.
lol
Kinda wtf here on how that is possible. XD
02*WB03(MysticLugia03)02WB* - <MysticLugia> 12And even with help, I am yet not able to get that what I want
buffering?!
Buffering = Changing settings.
FFS Buffering AGAIN!!!:[
ugh its lagging
Piece of shit laptop
Note to self, next time wear another pair of shades over the moustache.
LAG!!!!:[
00,10shame you were not around last night though Meanwhile. CHats reactions were amusing
05it buffers when i change the settigns and turn off the stream
hey, at least your internet's not crashing every few seconds
05back to 2k bitrate
I can only imagine how much fun everyone had at my expense Sumica. :P
05better of worse
try moving around
Meanwhile, yeah, you should have seen the reaction to the condom ^^
Go and test fight
Wrek, i hope this isnt going to be permanent i have a normal 2 - 10 fps...
...
panda: wait what
What was on last night?
Very choppy
Meanwhile: hehe ^^ nothing :D
00,10nah after a bit it was more of zomg that is sausy art and less lol where is Meanwhile
it's a little better than before?
44 mins to movie?
00,10yes DoombringerZero
00,10tabfail
Hey everypony!! :)
lali-ho ponyloverforeva
What movie?
hi ponyloverforeva.
Allo ponyloverforeva.
ponyloverforeva: hiya :D i heard you like ponies for eva!
00,10Sunshine
Hey ponyloverforeva
ok but what movie?
Fight = 15-25 FPS, Standing = 30 FPS. Moving = 10-15 FPS.
It's better, wtf.
00,10*headdesk*
Sheesh how Vordox?
Dken2021: lali-ho to you to
Don't know, I'm in Sweden might be why
lol
05gona take a logn shot and increase anotehr 33%
O.o oh crap
....
What?
woooah sunshine i love that movie :D
What is he doing in the first place?
Brace yourself: INSANE QUALITY INCOMING
I'm just glad I FINALLY get to catch the movies.
Vordox: at the cost of.....
Insane pictures coming Vordox -.-
panda: yes i do how do you know? :O
Damn you school and you taking up my time.
panda: He's just testing it.
Youre the only one who cant watch this
Vordox: i know ^^
can*
lol its 4am right now
Yeaaah, how about no, Wrek XD
ponyloverforeva: not sure, i just know these things ^^
Choppy.
Moving = 4-6 FPS, standing still 10-15 FPS.
05i upped fps to 60 too so yeah
05removign that
:3
Very choppy.
Well, Half Life 2 is now the scariest god damn game I ever played.
FlareChaser|HL2: really?
@Meanwhile im on Guam
FlareChaser|HL2: Ravenholm? xD
I don't even know where that is.
I'm watching a slide show! :D
Airpuff: Ravenholm.
Weak, Flare.
/me pokes everyone ded or alive
GilDash: you too?
FlareChaser|HL2: Ahaha xD the "scaryest" part of the game =P
@Blazang No not really
Flarechaser|HLS looks like somepony hasnt splyed SCP 087
I'm watching http://i.imgur.com/9CK3P.jpg
Aw.
GilDash: I agree -.-
eww, poking
So, you apparently want to make a Staff of Herding I believe it's called.
/me prods LunaTheBeloved.
WallDives: Yeah, and each image has this weird white spinning circle thingy on it. I wonder if it's the artist's watermark? :D
I dont find Amnesia scary though, I actually laugh when I'm playing it.
I'm watching a circle in the middle of the screen
05ok how is it now
What's that movie again, Meanwhile?
Buffering atm
it might be...
There. GO FGHT!
But seriously Wrek, is this just you testing or is this going to be permanent? beacuse if this is permanent... you'll have 90% of the people watching pictures...
I know I've seen that guy, he's a principle.
Ninjazz: That was from Ferris Buellers Day Off.
/me pokes Meanwhile harder
There it is. Yeah.
/me squeaks.
Thanks.
hey guys i have a serious question
ok
pony_2883: fire away
pony_2883: we'll see if we can answer.
Will you accept a less than serious answer?
And I have a silly answer.
who is "OP"
.. original pony.. perhaps?
original poster
poster? xD
Original poster, probably.
or overpowered
OP is a bad person.
Never talk to him.
nvm me then
05as i said, im just tryign a 1080p stream for the luls
15-18 FPS while moving, fight about the same. standing still 200
or Overpowered (i.e. fluttershy)
OP is a faggot
/me pokes Meanwhile again hard
i mean he must have to do something with ponies
20+*
OverPowered
that hurts guys
/me wubs.
:(
pony_2883: depends on context.
/me pats OP on the back
Ahahahahaha
I was OP :3
:D
Orange peni...
05ok
/me hugs op
no not overpowerded
*OP left the chat*
05should be optimal now
FlareChaser: Really. The *Flarechaser is now known as OP message didn't tip me off enough.
Go test Wrek.
lol, overpowdered.
Meanwhile: wat
lol
Overpowdered hur hur hur
i mean i was on omegle and somebody said he would like to kill OP and his bronies....
who was op and why you hate him?
I get notified of name changes.
How come there are so many ponies afk?
pony_2883 that's original poster
I can also see nick changes.
and who is that?
OP means original poster. It's generally a forum thing.
It refers to whoever started the topic.
I suppose its the 4chan thread. :S
How do you know?!?
Because I'm the goddamn Batman.
Not that optimal, Wrek.
Ninjazz which one?
The hero you need.
The first.
its alright...
not optimal indeed
so in that case pony_2883 is OP
TO THE BATMOBILE!
But not the hero you deserve.
You didnt say it in a deep voice meanwhile
05gettign 20fps while moving
pony_2883 just a term to know
panda: My voice is naturally bass.
Standing still = 30 + FPS, but when fighting it's about 15-18 FPS, and moving around the same.
What about Sumerpan, Batwhile?
0530 while still
Batwhile: XD oh hi!
05doesnt seem to get better than that
Ninjazz: I keep kryptonite on hand.
Aye.
Sad. :(
You know......
Batwhile: Smart...
05oh well
You didn't tell what the movie was yet
but Sumerpan doesnt care about Kryptonite...
The hero chat needs, but not the one it deserves.
Batwhile: but sumerpan's weakness isnt kryptonite... its... erm nevermind
Batwhile: Why did your voice get so gravelly all of a sudden?
D3 is Graphic intense so.. :P
Well I cant even see half of the fight due to the stream being like an ocean full of knives at the moment....choppy. So ill be back later.
GilDash: *Gravelly noises*
What it about?
Bronystate changes topics quite fast
Cya Kid_Cobalt
05how is it now
Go test Fight
lbelmore8: hehe yes yes we do ^^
lbelmore8: chat almost always moves fast.
05Kid_Cobalt: no stay here
quite better than ever Wrek
The hero that no one wants, but wants you to feel good about yourself so you can stay
05the whole point is that you give feedback
Move around, Wrek...
Standing still = 30+ FPS
Wrek It looks smooth now
PERFECT!!
Moving = 25-30 FPS
Wrek wow ywah its smooth
PERFECT!
Perfect, keep it there
Looking good, Wrek!
x)
What if....
better.
I only see the buffer circle! :D
Wrek optimal.
You know I'm starting to believe you really don't like me.
I got buffering >.>
just run with this
IT's great now, 25+ FPS on moving and standing still.
this is good
GilDash: tryed refreshing?
05gona play god 1 sec
Airpuff: Several times.
...what do you mean...God? XD
GilDash: Hmpf.. wierd..
05hows it now
Go fight
05optimal modification test 2
a bit choppy
everyday i'm bufferin'
Wrek seems choppy.. a bit.. but go in game
last one was slightly better
slightly choppy but you won't notice
Last settings were better.
I'm gonna go afk, brb :D
About 20-25 FPS
Wrek it was better at the last one.. slight choppy now
Cya panda.
panda: See ya. :)
05reverting to test 1
Some chopp now and then, but miniscule.
:D
00,10Still testing eh wrek?
cya panda
05btw test 2 was sendign 60 fps a sec
00,10gonna go grab pizza then
Wrek: Can you lower the FPS to 24?
Psst, that's your cue to tell me that's just not true.
05ok
05test 3
05contra testt 1
05going
GO FCILL STUFF!
thats good
perfect
I have a question
00,10Do keep in mind wrek mips is a free service they wont take hd feeds
my god...
Yeah that one is perfect
But its not nice to tell lies
im scared a bit now....
00,10and you are missing some extra settings on fmle for HD
When was Bronystate made?
Wrek is playing Diablo, im playing WoW..
That stung a bit.
one year ago?
A million years ago.
/me hugs Meanwhile
What it is is just a high quality stream.
Wrek: No lag what so ever, 25+ FPS on anything.
epic now Wrek
/me hugs LunaTheBeloved.
seriously?
05Sumica still fun to try
Just because it isn't nice doesn't mean I won't
05ok
13someone obviously didn't read the timer above the stream saying "Anniversary" movies
Sumica needs to get Diablo :3
05saving modification test 3
Cello Shizu
13or the three posts on the front page talking about the anniversary
Wrek try fighting
Too much effort Shizuka. You sleep alright?
13which typically indicates we've been here for a year
Whoa Shizuka is mad. >:>
D:
Oh, thought it was with a bad tone, Shizuka .
>Explaining things = mad
>logic
Oh my, FLuttershy VA Audition are up for Fighting is Magic.
Dat quality stream. <3
Wrek ever considered wanting to play with a few people in diablo III?
13this isn't mad, just despondent..
kinda funny it said 1st year anniversary earlier:D
/me bonks Vordox with a cinderblock.
I PvP as a COMBAT ROGUE!!! HURRRDURR
CrimsonPhoenix: been there for a while.
very much Vordox i like this *-*
Shizuka: Disregard common sense. Aquire stupidity.
Shizuka: Whoa, I'd have never of guessed! :D
really?
dat desapoint
oh nvm
Wrek this is awesome
13not disappointed, despondent
wow Disturbed fitts perfectly with dat game
05killerpony7733: i do it with luna all the time
Ninjazz: Common sense? What that?
CrimsonPhoenix: yep. it means Fluttershy's moveset is almost complete.
Wait...its the one year anniversary for Bronystate? NO WAI!? I never knew....
yea that's why I said nvm
What about others wrek? atleast if you say ok for it
I hope she won't be broken
Bow chicka wow wow
right now, she is.
LunaTheBeloved what's Bronystate?
05maybe on an alt
GilDash: Funny thing is that Common Sense is getting rarer and rarer every day.
/me will not take mod's words out of context.
Is it some sort of soup?
Thats impossible
Oh alright kinda want to play with you Wrek if you got free time :P
Ninjazz: It shouldn't even be called common sense anymore. That's a misnomer...
DashWithRainbows, Its....you know....huh...You know, I don't know.....weird...
I'm still a bit upset Rinachan got a role in the game
who?
she did?
Yeah she's the mayor/announcer
which game?
ah.
13sigh.. can i have one day where there isn't something to give me the idea i'm wasting my effort on things...
Fighting is Magic.
Fighting is Magic
darn it LunaTheBeloved, I needed that information! Now my plan for the best tasting soup is ruined.
okay guys i have a serious question
/me hugs Shizuka
oh, barely noticed that
wut
GilDash: We should make a new word for it... Uncommon sense.
05im jsut occupyign untill sumica has had pizza
I havent payed attention to VAs, just mechanics.
05then I will force all of you to enjoy the movie that is sunshine<3
what are the anniversary movies?
Wrek >.<
"force"..?
mfw "forced" :(
/me facepalms
I'll stay in college and continue my work then :P
00,10oh i has pizza
Movies that are anniversary
00,10I just had to go down and get it
We the people who're aware, appreciate everything you do for the sites wellbeing. Never forget that.
/me stares at Sumica ... awesome *-*
What is Sunshine about?
Sunshine
CanIHazPizza? :3
You know we love you Shizu, everything you do
Vulpy: its about sunshine.
Wrek: Is that the spaceship movie? I'm looking forward to it!
Ninjazz: Maybe rare sense. That makes it sound valued then.
Oh. XD
xD
08,01i'll just leave this here: http://i.imgur.com/lhdks.png
SUnshine?
Its about africa
6_9
00,10nah it's the romantic comidy called sunshine.
08,01Sumica: <3
05SO
OH GO SUMCIA
08,01sunshine's a danny boyle film, ain't it?
GilDash: Rare Sense doesn't slide off the tongue easily.
It's the 1999 one, ISN'T IT?!
05final comments on the "NEW" quality from me?
Walkin' on Sunshine.
Wrek. GOD
Wrek Its good. Keep it up x)
Wrek it's ok
High Quality, Wrek.
Ninjazz: Because uncommon does?
00,10http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0145503/
ohai Neil
I just drop the "common" in common sense.
oh so we aren't watching princess bride first?
^_^
GilDash: I know... I know...
I missed the pick of destiny :S. thats my favourite movie.
Haider :3
Haider BronyState ^_^
.... Sumica: ..... Ill try.. i wont promise anything.. xD
hi ScootaChicken.
hai ScootaChicken
hiya ScootaChicken
OH SHIT D3
Cello Scoots
25 more minutes
ScootaChicken gtfo liek, nao.
GUess what
The 1999...
allo otakon
We don't like your kind here.
Hi Scootachicken. ^^
Fuck off Ash.
With all your jailbait.
hiya Morpheus
YEaaaah, Sumica, I'll stay home and ignore it for tonight :P
ScootaChicken: Holla! :)
Neva.
ScootaChicken: you know you love it
Mmmmyes LTB?
Only one interesting show then from what I have read for me.
Hey otakon, Hey ScootaChicken.
00,10man you all are way to easy
hiya DashWithRainbows, Ninjazz
otakon: So how's being French?
Sumica: you playing?
Sup otakon?
otakon Wrek is =P
Allo otakon.
ScootaChicken: better then being jailbait
What has five letters, starts with an S, and I now have
Airpuff: ah
Sumica. It's not easy, it's College work :p
hello otakon.
Sores.
Wrek: goddammit WHY did yu buy this?
Cello otahon
Sauce.
hiya WallDives
00,10no wrek is still testing his new internet
*otakon
Split?
Sumer
otakon because this game is awesome.
GODDAMMIT Wrek BOT
BACK GUYS!
Back with food now~!
Spork?
oh hai otakon :D
Spock?
Spock
sorry...
wb panda
mfw LTB has Spock
>_>
FlareChaser|TF2: that's why I own D2 and D1
Spock Knocker.
Now, its time for TF2.
All correct...cwpt the Spock, but no
FlareChaser|TF2: and Torchlight
brb guys
spoon
<--- Is very very pretty, when it chooses to run.
I like dark alliance more than diablo 3
szazz
Super(Brony64)
05otakon: buy what?
nothing
but nothing
05come on
Yes cause I have a SuperBronyy
spike
youre dying Wrek xD
GilDash: What is?
otakon: Everyone was jailbait at somepoint in their lives.
spots
ScootaChicken Nope, just you.
Sound, where art thou? XD
But your foreverajailbait.
05tell me otakon
thats better.
you're*
Om: The stream. =_=
shell
05or i set wrekbot to 4
Go away underscore.
Saber
.____.
Wrek: D3, the ALWAYS ONLINE GAME THAT YOU CANNOT PLAY IF THE SERVERS ARE DOWN LIKE THEY HAVE BEEN 20 hours out of the 3 days it's been released
^
I hate the flu
Sages
sword
Scabs.
GilDash: Aww, your stream don't run :(
Wrek otakon is afk
smile
Shako.
he said brb
SKYOE GOSH DARN IT GOSH!
*SKYPE
Forever
oh wait
hes back.
brb
YOU GUYS ARE TERRIBLE
Oh right
= 0
/me coughs
Om: It's very very haphazard.
IM only though
052 reasons. 1: always online has not bothered me ONCE since i began playing. 2: i didnt bay for it anyways.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH.
I think we were awesome
05pay*
moin everypony :)
I hate skype.
Skype can fuck off and set itself on fire.
Hey Invi!
time to add LTB to the room then
GilDash: That's depresing.
Alright, give it to us so we can add you to our wonderful chat of wonderfulness (now with 20% more Slurry)
/me pokes Ninjazz "You feelin' ill?"
Hey its that guy
/me hugwubbles Ninjazz
JulietTheBeloved
otakon x DRM.
/me nuzzles Ninjazz.
/me hugggles Invi
Meanwhile... dont..
/me nuzzles GilDash back
gay
Why am I being loved?
Wrek: you bastard
Ninjazz: you coughed!
I feel fine, Airpuff.
Ninjazz: You coughed. :D
Ninjazz why not?
08,01i'm popular
Ninjazz: dont cough then *glares*
Ninjazz: Don't you appreciate out attention?
whos streaming?
Lol
hiya everypony btw
hi Bronysith.
how do you get itallic writing?
08,01Richard Stallman just e-mailed me asking if my computing society still was interested in hosting a tlak by him
hi Bronysith
05ah
hey Bronysith
You sure?
08,01Airpuff: i can talk plenty
GilDash: Tbh, I don't really like the attention sometimes. I guess you could say I'm modest.
Wrek: whats ur battletag
Ninjazz: Or shy... ;)
05sumica will ninja any minute now
08,01no in here has any clue who Richard Stallman is, do they?
05ill jsut keep killing
GilDash: Shy works... :(
Wrek: sumininja!
Wrek: also, you lucky bastard getting it for free
SOMEBODY SAY NINJA?
08,01he's the guy who founded the Free Software Foundation?
Ninjazz: I know where you are coming from.
08,01the reason GNU/Linux exists
Wrek: I will admit it looks pretty
oh. nice
oo
08,01xkcd wrote comics about him
12;3
Good to know, Om. Always nice having more people in the pity party.
:3
No
13after all these years
I found you anyway.
13I finally have a flatscreen monitor
13and it's sexy
13;w;
not sure if Diablo III or just Torchlight
08,01WallDives: i'm organising a talk by him at my uni
GilDash: You don't have my pity, I would rather you be attacked sooo.
08,01Invi: xkcd.com
Syskol: Diablo III
oh, hm i should check it out
12mine says hi ;3
Miss link.
Om: I pitty people in my own special way. :)
12and welcome to the family
/me runs
08,01i don't pity people
08,01i just eat chocolate
/me stares at GilDash "You what?"
GilDash: I was trying to say that to Ninjazz, i guess I just have a habit of typing to you tho.
/me winks at Airpuff.
hai everypony
:|
pity, bah.
moin Michael
08,01Airpuff: i woulnd' tmind a thumb up, if you know what i mean
Hai Michael.
use a potion you foal!
Om: I'm not surprised. I am irrisistable. :)
Potions are for witch doctors.
08,01y'know, 'cause i like being appreciated for a job well done.
you sure about that gildash?
08,01:I
GilDash: That is the word I would use. >.>
Barbarians heal with RAAAAGE
You never know someone might be able to resist you :3
is that a barbarian?
Potions are for people that aren't suicidal. XD
05yes michael
I prefer to be healed with the healing water that springs from the middle of the earth into a fountain.
God damn succubus.
Okay I have to admit, this game looks fun
:D
08,01nope, not yet
Ninjazz: ...what?
otakon: Implying the DRM would somehow make it not.
hiya Meanwhile did you know Wrek is drawing you being given a lapdance by Trixie?
WallDives: Healing Fountain.
ah.
otakon: Yeah I saw, and as I understand it he replaced me with a pole.
Meanwhile: well, the always online kills me since I have spotty net.
greeting. people of the chat :V
Meanwhile: lol yeah he might have GIVEN you a pole
otakon: You mean your neighbour has spotty net you pikey.
Greetings Lil_B
Meanwhile: don't call me a pikey you limey.
Yankee.
Lil_B: No people here, they are in another chat room
Greetings Lil_B
Meanwhile: tea sipper
Chubby chaser.
Om: Those lies! =O
Meanwhile: blighter
Airpuff: You're a lie!
00,10are we quoting a gentelmans duel?
Meanwhile: and ain't nothing wrong with a chubby girl dammit!
Om your princess is in another chat
Grease gargler.
/me throws cotton candy at Om ... Again.. xD
brb
moin Sumica
00,10um hi.
Hah! Who laughs now Om?
otakon x cushion for the pushin.
00,10i been here
Duel?
Airpuff: AHHR! Its in my eyes!
Bulleh!
but I not ^^
without the US, the Brits would be speaking German. Without the Brits, the US would be speaking Dutch.
/me smiles pleased
Oh Meanwhile
/me headbuts Airpuff
Meanwhile: sheeplover.
Wrek has started banning on the otakon shipping thing
08,01Airpuff: crappy interwebs
without the frensh, the brits would be speaking german
hooves ready for moveis?
I know, but he's preoccupied.
french*
no
otakon: That's the Welsh.
I AM READY FOR THE PRINCESS BRIDE!
Meanwhile: who are british
otakon: I'm English.
:S
Wales isnt England...
Hello people =D
Meanwhile: which is british
it*
Just wanted to make sure
its fine, otakon has started ignoring the shipping now
hi RankWinner.
hiya RankWinner
RankWinner hello
but calling him french gets the rage going
Hai RankWinner
bring him in here and we'll see about that
otakon: I might be British, but I'm not Welsh.
Meanwhile: but the Welsh are british.
hio RankWinner
hai RankWinner
otakon: But they aren't English.
he ignores it in main chat at least
Dat RankWinner =o
Meanwhile: they ARE english.
otakon: That isn't how it works.
otakon: actually, they arent.
Meanwhile: They live in Wales, which is in Britain, which is where YOU LIVE AS WELL.
otakon: I live in England.
good evening...
Wee friendliness! Everybody at school is mage-pissed-off because of GCSE test rape
13<3
Hello Flutters.
13Also Latté
Hiho Flutters
hai Flutters
13y u no on MSN
moin Flutters
/me runs
Allo Flutters.
Meanwhile: England IS BRITAIN GODDAMMIT
hiya Flutters
13not that it matters considering I can talk to you here, but LOL
otakon: Yeah, it is. But just because England is Britain doesn't make England Wales.
Are you touched in the head or something?
England = Britain, Great Britain = UK
what is otakon trying to argue in main chat?
Meanwhile: yeah, but it makes Wales British
WHAT'S UP BITHCES
/me is probably wrong.
wow the deafult font on ubuntu is as difficult as hell to read
not much Bjornfot
otakon: Ireland is also British but I don't say "Top o' the mornin to yee"
My hat?
Meanwhile: I grow tired of this, I'm off to try something.
brb
i missed the thingy yesterday, hope it wasn't too fun
That England is Britain and Wales is Britain therefore England is Wales.
What happened yesterday?
hell i am so glad that my internet now allows me to watch the stream again ^^
/me stares at stream.. "This game seems awesomely hard" -.-
wat
/me was revising for a lesson he didn't know he took -__-
otakon: Here I thought you never tired of being wrong.
/me sighs
Seriously.. is it even possible to die in this game? xD
Hello everypony
Tragic isn't it WallDives.
hai pyrocatboy
Ikr.
Wazzup' pyrocatboy
hai pyrocatboy
Is it just me, or does this looke more like a low-res God of War?
hi pyrocatboy.
Wut?
I guess I ain't typical.
Hey pyrocatboy
Airpuff obviously not with Wrek skillz ^^
Sometimes i wonder why people like Diabolo III, you just go threw a corridor and slay hordes of monster
Is he relly trying to do that?
hio pyrocatboy
I'm back. My internet spazzed. XD
Yeah
For all his charm, otakon isn't exactly the brightest bulb in the shed.
otakon gets fixated on the weirdest little things
French
Invi: But this is kinda redicolus ._. Its like.. his hp.. it dosent go below 50%...
Lil_B And Diablo costs, just play Path of Exile. It's free, and better =D
Who understands them anyway
RAWRity: If God of War had a bird's eye view camera, yes.
this game is interesting
/me shrugpony.
but then i remember that I like Port Royale, and the only thing you do there is buying a ship, buying goods and sell sthem for a higher price XD
Meanwhile, just tell him hes obviously wrong because hes french
That'd defeat the point of me being right.
Damnit Opera, I am losing patience with you. :|
Airpuff wait for the boss
but it would be hillarious
GilDash: You using opera? xD
GilDash: Don't go to operas
I play War of Legends, most boring game ever created but it's familiar and fun
GilDash: Chrome is your friend.
i've got things to sort out with this thing. i'll be back later.
Lol: http://www.taclink.org/tk/src/132312088737.jpg
I also figured out the "Problem" i had with flash... I disabled Plugins in my Browser...
i prefer Gidzilla firefox
Airpuff, Om: I'm not using IE, FireFox crashes anytime flash is involved. I really should try chrome, but I can't be assed. :D
*Godzilla
See ya later guys. ^^
bye Vulpy
c ya vul... gone
http://www.taclink.org/tk/src/132312088737.jpg
So soon, Vulpy?
/me glares at GilDash "Use.. Chrome.. Now."
lol
GilDash: I was having crash problems yesterday with Firefox
Movies about to being.
begin*
Saved.
so wrek arent you very close to fighting azmodan now?
When I buy a new PC, and i want to keep the ld one to try Stuff out, what kind of OS should i use? Linux or AmigaOS?
Om: I've had them for about 1 1/2 years now. That's why I stopped using it ages ago. And it was interactivity with flash, because the moment I disabled that plugin everything worked, but obviously no flash was loaded.
Airpuff: ... What'll you do if I don't? ;)
.... ;)
Anywas change now!
xD
anyways*
Dem Twilight colours.
/me moves away from Airpuff and GilDash "i want no part in this anymore"
use maxthon :O or Opera:O or if you like it easy with no problems i would even recommend IE9
Firefox? Chrome? This is how it should be done http://i.imgur.com/8MoQa.jpg
/me drags Om back with magic "Who said you could choose?"
I know someone in here was saying something about their inner grammar nazi the other day
xD
Wait wrek once you get through normal diffuculty would you want to play nightmare with me?
I'm already through the game on normal
Damit magic!
killerpony7733 what fun is there in rushing through a game?
killerpony7733 go though it again on easy
RankWinner: learning dat nihon?
dat clop drawing
RankWinner: what's the winamp theme you're using?
05gona leave it over to sumica
Goddamnit.
Wrek! <3
Om. One does not top magic.
Why easy i want to get through nightmare diffuculty
05<3
:D
Om: But magic is good for you...
Airpuff: Imma try.
05there's the end result Meanwhile
afternoon, everypony! I'm back!
I'm using Halion, and I'm trying to learn Japanese/Hiragana
Btw Om, do you have a op?
moin Sylandest
Eh.
hi SS
Airpuff: I am not a techie. Sooo idnno?
Oh I see
hai Sylandest
hi SS
Halion is the only tolerable Winamp theme I know of
Yeah Wrek I appreciate the whole "trenchcoat jerk" more than the one that at least implies I got laid.
Om wut? xD
RankWinner: I know, thats what I said...
/me waves hello to Invi and Michael
hi guy
Godamn!
:O
xD
Noooo
Assuming direct zebra.
Airpuff: Does Om have an OP? WTF are you on about? :D
Airpuff: ._. is that bad?
Zecora ^^
hai rotomfna63
Besides, I kn--ASSUMING DIRECT CONTROL.
So, Meanwhile. How does it feel to be replaced by a pole?
Ok everyone bow to our new zebra overload
It IS friday night.
YAY!!
<--- ...
xD I know, twas' for the other people
FRIDAY NIGHT
For once.
GilDash: Donno... xD
oh no i miss spelled fan
overlord*
For once it is Friday night!
what night is it?
it's friday night
derp
Its friday night?
It's FRIDAY AFTERNOON!
riight, it's FRIIDAYYY NIIIGHT. i just realized it xD
/me is horribly confused
For gods sake... ITS FRIDAY NIGHT!
Its friday friday gonna get down ob friday
YAY
so sup
friday morning
Its Friday afternoon...
Erryday ahm friday night
its 11am so its friday morning ^^
dat dance
Dat joy..
Om obviously it's friday night ^^
11am here
Oh wait. Sunshine is on tonight?
next time i'l fix the name
... but it's friday afternoon....
Starflash: it is.
How do you draw in paint programs its hard as shit!!! :'(
brb
Yay, a stream I can see! :D
dat awesome.
ITS… almost Saturday
It's friday friday friday gotta get down on friday.......please kill me for saying that
It's Friday night in Europe. (:
Actually for another 2 minutes it's Friday evening, but close enough.
Invi: Not about that. I know what day it is xD
Dken2021 not here ^^
How long is this .....
00,10still friday morning for me
xD
Friday night.
Om^ok, then.. ^^
lmao
Oh dear
Sumica reconfigure your clock
OH GAWD
well afternoon for me
/headbang
Its friday we got it!
wtf
omg wtf lol
Kick it!
oh look, a G2 friday
its still morning on the West coast, IIRC.
/me kicks people
It's Friday Friday gotta get down on Fridaaaaay.
/me gets down on Friday.
IT'S FRIIDAAAAY
also, G2, NOOOOOO~
G2 and better version of Friday? I'm okay with this.
oh no
/me mutes sound
sat morning for me
Sumica: Living on the West Coast?
05this aint so bad
This version sounds actually quite good....
fun fun fun
00,10aye well PST
Ello there, everypo... WHAT.
:O
G2 isn't THAT bad, and this remix actually makes the song tolerable.
it could be worse ^^
/me mutes stream, i have never heard the full song and i never will :(
...
00,10I am 500 mi from the ocean
hai Malavolent
If still very bad.
05the drum is what makes it good methinks
Yeah Wrek i have been on the internet enough to be resisant to almost everything
Anything Rebecca Black says sounds better when someone else says it.
I think the change in singers.
nah that was G2
Airpuff: I don't think "OP" was what you were trying to ask me so, what was it you were trying to find out?
Dat presented by bronystate...
really getting tired of this thing freezing up
Nope, 'twas G2.
Kandarihu: Nope. G2.
Tales counts as G2
The only visual media of G2 is a computer game called Friendship Gardens
/me plays trumpet fanfare
plz call me david
DAT DRUMROLL :D
05so yeah one of my alltime fav movies
Also Wrek i asked if you would want to go through nightmare diffuculty with me maybe once you done with normal in Diablo III
05enjoy
I don't think I'm going to be able to watch the films tonight if I'm having this many problems... :(
Om: wether or not you had a "Original Pony" was what i asked about xD
what is this movie?
/me enjoys
Sunshine.
Airpuff: It's OC as in Original Character.
GilDash: still having problems?
Sun.... shine...
Airpuff: Oh... No i don't.
/me puts a potato in Ninjazz trumpet
oh shit Sunshine
love this movie
oh god...
I love this movie
the sun
WallDives: Yeah. This sucks balls, I wanted to watch this. :(
GilDash: Ehehehehe.. opsie =P
gonna blow...
i shoud fix my name it's rotomfan63 but i spelled it rotomfna63
/me continues trying to play trumpet
What movie?
pinki didnt do her job!
princess bride right?
oh this the movie courage parodied?
Im scared...
Om: you dont? Why?
/me has never seen this movie
anyways
it. is. on.
it's nice to be with bronies
inb4 inception.
and then inception jokes
starception
Airpuff: Never got around to it. And I don't like the manes on the Pony Creator on DA
STARCEPTION
rotomfna63: but why Rotom?
rotomfna63 ikr? :)
Theoretically thats not possible...
O no
This movie...
only rotom-G is any good....
I've already seen this one.
Sunshine?
b/c rotom is me fave pokemon
Om: Seen the final version of it?
Nice choice, Wrek.
Not what I imagined from the title "Princess Bride"
maybe Rotom-W.
With Cillian Murphy?
what is this?
Airpuff theoretically, everything is possible
what movie is this
lets hope nothing bad happens!
Is it possible that this movie is called "Solaris" in germany? also good evening
Well, tbh i didn't like the third act of this movie so much but the rest is superb
ohhhh
Lasharus: It may or may not be the second movie.
The sun won't die for another 10 billion-ish years if I remember correctly.
So the idea is to super-huke the sun?
THERE YOU FREAKIN GO!
nuke*
Airpuff: Probably.
Well, I'll be back later. I've got food to eat now.
Eh, I'll pass. Already got a headache. :P
the sun it burns us
ah...
Oi Meanwhile Why aint you in the Skype grou
So dis dont make no sense
p
dem Strings
no realy what movie this?
Invi: A double star would collapse under its own weight, ending in a supernova and then the mass collapsing in a black hole. end of story xD
Cya Lasharus!
when i was 6 my mom told to not look at the sun
Derp.
Oh, I'll be on chat. I just won't be very active. :P
meanwhile hates skype for seemingly no reason
bye Lasharus
SUMERPAN!
anyways
I don't like being pinged when people aren't actually talking to me.
bai Lasharus
LOLWUT Sumica?
Well Sumica, I've not been paying too much attention to the films this week, so I wouldn't know in the first place. :P
WallDives: WHERE?!
but they are
Airpuff: somewhere.
Hehhe
Don't look straight into sun!
twilight_sprinkler don't look directly
YAY miles
i just hered a yay
Airpuff: Alls I know is if I do make an OP, it would be an earth pony. Cuse I'm a hypster.
Skype pings indiscriminately.
/me looks around for Sumerpan
Airpuff it depends on how big the star is. and a doublestar has first to fusion and has to be cold enough to colaps.
Lil_B: its a quote from Pi
i wonder if i say YAY
You'll get mad, start seeing numbers and end up with a hole in your head:O
Om Earth pony?! Why? xD
you could just use sound control to mute it
30 seconds!
Besides, what's the point in a regulars skype group when regulars chat exists.
anyway, I'll be back later.
Om: Actually, I've see a lot of Earth ponies. Unicorns are usually the rarest.
oh no yay
Airpuff: Hypster!
Oh no
somone rly likes the light of celestia!
my Skype never pings.
twilight_sprinkler oh... i wasn'z there yesterday :(
oh
And so I begin pinginf Meanwhile on Skype through the entire movie
bai all.
00,10orgasmic light
and now we're all blind
That
lol
light
MY EYES!
It Burns!
Om: ô.o okei then
bye WallDives
^
That's smart...
GilDash|AFK: I see far to manny unicors and I'm afraid on hights...
Did he died?
xD
00,10never stare directly in to celestias plot
"Icarus" is all like: "Do you like mmmm bananas?", then shoves it up to 100 %.
(puts on sunglasses)
this gonna be useful: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m15gf9jK2k1r8058ko1_250.gif
wait a sec, i have my tin-foil glasses to look directly at the sun
Sumica: rofl, i just thought of that
Damnit, Dken2021. That would have beena good one.
Om: Well, I'll treat you right when I come back. :)
sunshades, apparently can block sunlight directly
Oh god what is this?
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
yay
Hai everypony
otakon: Moonshine.
is this Sunshine?
that was tia's plot? what a big plot.
hi
GilDash|AFK: I might not be here. Leaving to check on a house we might buy soon :(
otakon: Yes. This.... Is sunshine
what we watching?
otakon: How tired are you of being wrong?
FOR THE LAST TIME WHAT MOVIE IS THIS
SUNSHINE
lol
THIS IS SUNSHINE
Invi: she is the biggest pony
darkness is a vacuum, it's fact
LEARN TO READ THE DAN CHAT
rotomfna63: SUNSHINE DAMMIT
00,10learn to read, it's been said 5 times
I WILL PUNCH YOU IN THE HEAD.
JESUS
this is pokemon land
mofos
sunshine sunshine ladybugs awake...
Meanwhile: you like this movie don't you?
GilDash|AFK: Rent rather, I am sure there is a defference.
rotomfna63: Please ignore the dozens of times Sunshine has been said.
Sunshine lollipos and rest of the song too
Meanwhile: But its oposite day.....
THIS Sunshine! YES :$
otakon: no idea, I've never seen it.
xD
*lollipops
Are the teather chats on?
what movie is this?
You don't want darkness that is where Grues are.
/me crosses his hooves and does a little shake
ffs.
Nght time
Lost motivation after 3 messages.
moonlight
SUNSHINE SUNSHINE, LADYBUGS AWAKE
*Night Time
rotomfna63 good Movie: The Movie
XD
00,10no Kandarihu
i feal so 6_9
Bjornfot: damn it i was just about to say that :P
/me hugs LunaTheBeloved.
Dken2021 don't you have to clap your hooves?
The Final Message
oh that's what it was
It's the guy from Inception!
Ohai
/me hugs CrazyCherru
It's that guy
That guy looks stoned.
*CrazyCherry
05seems liek the music is on a separate louder track than the voices
hello hippy man
Whose name I can never remember.
i find it funny that in said it before Bjornfot, but nobody noticed :/
05:|
and Batman
/me starts to nom on LunaTheBeloved's ear
i'm batman
llol
XD
/me giggles at the nomming
Just felt like doin that
hai LunaTheBeloved
Lil_B: Know that feel bro.
Ninjazz2 are you a changeling?
Dat Green room.
randum pop up
Cello Michael :)
what is this?
^Uhh, no. It's just the Scarecrow
Invi: Yes.
hey hippy guy
o.o
lali-ho Michael
Pants
Lil_B: umad :3
They're farming their own vegetables! They really ARE geared for long-term travel.
no not realy
lulz
this movie
What were you doing before that you had your pants off?
/me flees
what is this movie?
/me grabs Ninjazz and hits Ninjazz2 with him
Why is he in the matrix?
Bjornfot it just proofs that caps lock IS the way to get noticed :/
Ow.
Bjornfot: You know trolling is against the rules?:)
xD
Y u use me as weapon?
seriously...
Bjornfot: how you been man?
Bjornfot!!
Twistinthunder: They're trying to fix the sun, or sth
Airpuff: he knows
the Matrix has numbers, this place has balls
/me stops nomming LunaTheBeloved's ear and start to sleep on the floor
We must fix the sun.
oh that...
Cello Bjornfot
space
why can't i hold all these beeps
13When you find yourself losing all your lives within the first two stages, it's a good sign that today is not a Touhou-playing day for me :<
Ninjazz: Turn into the mastersword!
hi Bjornfot
i remember seing this...
No.
Hey otakon I just want to remind you you're wrong.
You're wrong.
Have a nice day
And French
Bjornfot what beeps? I heard nothing?
Meanwhile: ABOUT WHAT!?
LunaTheBeloved: WHY!?
About everything.
hi CrazyCherry
My eyes
Hello, I am the one who is known as blazeangel, and is tottaly not a fraud.
/me hugs otakon
they just need a briefcase with a lightbulb in it
Hiya Invi!!
ok so let me get this. this mivie is called "this movie" right
hi BlazeAngel
otakon, LunaTheBeloved, Invi... prepare for glomp!
Meanwhile: be specific you swarmy british bastard!
Icarus?
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m15gf9jK2k1r8058ko1_250.gif
You know I love you otakon, in a friend type way but still
rotomfna63: IT IS CALLED SUNSHINE.
Preeeeetyyyyy
Invi, Hi.
3heheh
/me prepares
lali-ho BlazeAngel
Exactly Dken2021.
/me glomps Bjornfot before he is able to
otakon: Meanwhile isnt british he's Canadian now
Dat sun.
LunaTheBeloved: oh I understand :)
:)
I love these scene were thye watch the sun
Lil_B: the beeps that my IRC client gives off whenever my name is said
otakon: England may be Britain but that doesn't make England Wales. And it's "an" when the following word begins with a vowel.
(Skydroid) What were you doing before that you had your pants off? <-- having a party in your bedroom jkjk
/me snuggles with LunaTheBeloved slowly
/me wraps herself in a dog sleeping position.
/me flees
Holy shit, Bjornfort?
/me also runs over and glomps Bjornfot
Oh u
Bjornfot Ohh... these
http://i.imgur.com/0fGgA.jpg
what is this movie? plz some1 tell me
And dari comes out of lurk.
/me snuggles down with SLurryMoon and gives him a kiss
Sunshine
_: Hi sexy!
00,10snake!
Rape!
lol
whao is @_ ?
SNAKE!
snake?
snake? =O
Damn, its been a while
YOU DUMB ASS IT IS CALLED SUNSHINE GODDAMMIT
snakes on a shuttle
Snake? Snake. Snaaaaaakeeee.
Lil_B _ is Dari ^^''
/me gives LunaTheBeloved a kiss back :3
hiya dari
_: Why is your nick _?
05otakon you dumb asss use manners
Manlyness.
Excess of manliness.
Ninjazz2: It doesn't bode well
Snakes on a spaceship. The new horrormovie... xD
ok i faxed my name
Wrek: he's asked FIVE TIMES. And I've answered him 3 of those times.
*fixed
ah... Dari /me scribbles down "_=Dari"
rotomfan63: it is SUNSHINE.
ok
otakon what movie is this?
what is it about
the movie
Watch it and find out.
twilight_sprinkler: SPACE!
That failed
So _ is dari?
Yes
XD
yup.
totomfan63 watch the movie and find out
twilight_sprinkler: SUNSHINE, and I don't know watch to find out.
00,10watch it and find out rotomfan63
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Airpuff: I've had it with those mothabuckin snakes on this mothabuckin spaceship!
rotomfan63 ever seen that courage cartoon where they try to fix the sun?
dose anyone look at the home page?
John De Lancie for 12th doctor
Basically: Sun is dying, people go there to fix sun.
Worst possible timing.
SUUUUUUUUUuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun.
otakon so what movie is it?
OMG OMG OMG I'M IN SPACE
SirGanjalf: xD
Didn't Courage the Cowardly dog do an episode roughly around this same conept?
^
twilight_sprinkler: I'm gonna ignore you dammit if you don't stop
... Is he high?
pretty much
xD
I'm getting the fountain flashbacks...
Gotta go to space.
Creeeeper.
:P
_ Dari, I've started with Super Robot Wars GBA! :D
Airpuff i think a kind of. yes ^^
Airpuff: no, he's having a psychotic meltdown
Space space space.
Seeing people getting soaked is calming
MaidSurge: it's a good game!
Hello bronystate :3
otakon ok....but the movie...what is it?
otakon: Oh. That explains all xD
hio Kool_Pony
Are we in SPACE?
twilight_sprinkler: Sunshine.
MaidSurge: Hah, did DCD get you on it?
hai Kool_Pony
lali-ho Kool_Pony
Forest isn't peaceful, there are bears and snakes in the forest
Hiya Kool_Pony!!
this looks like an odd peace of flim
space space I'm in space
Yes you ARE! :D
Slyphoenix: yes
They made up so quick!
Slyphoenix: yeah!
otakon sunshine? where?
Ninjazz2: It did. I wonder if they gonna use a giant lightbulb too:D
Ev'ryday i'm buffering!
/me hugs Bjornfot
05and that is how a man apologizes
twilight_sprinkler: I'm gonna ignore if you don't stop
00,10I think val is to blame for that one Dari
The beach is peaceful
OMGOMGOMG WE ARE IN SPAAAAAAAAAAAAACEEEE!!
SirGanjalf: ... I think...
otakon you already said that :P
nice ship
Brb removing pants
I mean wb
SirGanjalf: You see, I actually seen this before.
Ahh, but DCD got Val into it. XD
yueeeeeeep we are in space
otakon you are so impatient
damn
Did they ever mention what year it is?
Space? SPAAAAAAAAAAACE!!
So how has best fort been?
Why would they name a ship built to rekindle the sun or whatever "Icarus"?
The gist of this movie: They go to fix the sun, the journey takes years to do so.
;3
Thx*
Meanwhile: irony.
That's like naming an Icebreaker "Titanic"
Meanwhile: Screnwriters are trolls:p
Meanwhile maybe they know it will fail
The sun is dying.
Icarus was a dude who flew too close to the sun
*screen
/me wakes up
Deep within.. we're all space-cores...
Quicksilver: eeyup
Meanwhile because they already know they will become crazy?
Ahh. :<
Quicksilver: No shit. That's why the name is a bad idea.
/me hugs everypony
/me hugs CrazyCherry
I'd like to know why they didn't just fire a nuclear missile at the sun.
dem finals ya know
Look out here come the space cops.
just so you guys knowi AM THE BEST AT SPACE
/me hugs CrazyCherry
/me huggles CrazyCherry back
Smooth
00,10smart man
Coolant hand.
Ahhhh, hharhha
Dat Coolant.
Kandarihu the sun is one big nuclear reactor, would barely do a thing
rotomfan63: lies *-*
No.
Kandarihu: Wouldn't it destroy the sun if they did?
No
i'm just gonna turn the suod on the movie off so i cah be in the chat
Slyphoenix, glass of water in the ocean
Airpuff: You would know...Liar.
The hell's the point in a regulars chat room if you're just going to use regulars skype.
das cool
Isn't that Asian guy from Lost?
Toasty.
05it may not be a "good movie"
Slyphoenix: the sun is a chain reaction of nuclear explosions.
Lil_B: you dont wanna see anything? ok, ill poke your eyes out then
Om wut?! xD
A big enough shockwave could probably destroy the sun
05but its sure as fuck is a beautiful movie
Sumica. You're an arse :P
Om i rock at space.
Join us....
Indeed, Wrek.
THIS ISN'T the 1999 BORING one! THIS is the GOOD ONE!
Slyphoenix: I doubt humanity's whole nuclear arsenal would do any hrm to Sun.
hello everypony
Jooooooin us.....
is this the venus?
yay~
8harm
Go eat a doc knocker.
If it ruins the balance between the outward push of fusion and gravity
JOOOOOOOOIIIIIIII UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
hi derpy_pony
00,10oh you just realised it was't that sunshine Vordox?
right...
Airpuff: You must be a planetoid then.
its a damn awsome movie Wrek :D
So much space and sun im going crazy
Eat a Dick
Hello derpy_pony
hai derpy_pony
Eat a Richard.
wow
I'm working on my College work and muted as soon as I heard the movie startaed so YEAH! XD
hiya derpy_pony
:)
Om o.o
11,01Poor Sun. Who broke it?
lali-ho derpy_pony
that thing is sniny
8shiny
Nittany_Discord discord
Hey Nittany_Discord.
Airpuff: I am right arent i!
**
Nittany_Discord: Derpy did.
Om eenope. xP
I just don't know what went wrong.
Airpuff: Dam :(
hai Nittany_Discord
Sumica: I BROKE IT! MWAHAHAHA *evil face*
Don't grab anything
Is this where the music video came from for LP?
Om :D
yay
Sling stance.
Hah, CNreal!
i broke it, yay
Well, if one nuclear missile wouldn't be enough, how about launching ALL the nuclear missiles at the sun. Surely firepower capable of destroying everything on the Earth's surface several hundred times over would do something.
(usesfalcon buck)
what movie is this
^
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOON
sunshine
Don
Nittany_Discord: Who indeed? http://arch.413chan.net/1288859782062.jpg
sunshine
Dat seducing voice..
I can't let you do that Harvey.
t go in the closet
xD
/me sneezes
Dont blame him for it, hes just telling you a fact
Kandarihu, the sun has explosions the size of earth on it every day
Meanwhile: she better not pull a HAL dammit.
College work to get approved...or watch Bronystate Movies....HUUUUR
why are all movvie computer voices sexy female voices?
:O
/me blesses CrazyCherry litteraly with holy smoke and holy water.
Icarus 1.
except HAL9000
Screw tin!
So they sent an Icarus 2.
Lil_B so the nerds can have something to woo over
holy shit they could make it.
Airpuff: Wait what?
/me coughs
>>
11,01SirGanjalf: I would believe that this was Trollestia's work.
CrazyCherry: One says "Bless you" When somepony sneezes. I blessed you with the blessings of god. XDD
Kandarihu behold the difference in size between sun and earth
Why not name this one Apollo, or Rah, or Ablejimtob.
Bad idea to call it Icarus
Dken2021 can mine have an accent?
Bad time for the movie to buffer
Besides, even if I wanted to join the skype group, that's not how it works.
i'm 11
Hiya ponies!
Lil_B sure why not?
/me forces Ninjazz2 to drink a botlle of cough syrup
I'm 15
lali-ho SonicTheStallion
heey SonicTheStallion
hi Sonic!
hi SonicTheStallion
i lol at the pony faces
Ugggghhhh.
Hiya Dken2021!
hai SonicTheStallion
Hi Invi!
Hiya SonicTheStallion!!!
Hi Michael!
there's a regulars skype group?
Hi CrazyCherry~
hi
Everyday I'm bufferin'
^
Why you do this, Om?
I'm having buffering problems too
Hi Kool_Pony~
/me glomps Om
otakon really everyday?
For some stupid reason.
yes
Invi: more or less
he's right!
CrazyCherry: Oh god!
He's left.
NO
OFCOURSE IM RIGHT!
NO.
/me huggles SonicTheStallion
xD
Hi Slyphoenix~ (so many hi's XD)
is he right or is he wright?
Welcome back Ray who was away
What counter arguement would be there to SAVING THE EARTH DAMMIT?
whats this?
/me snuggles Om
Ninjazz2: I was helping!
Dken2021: See what you did there...
*huggles Invi* ^^
GOD DAMNIT TF2 crashed...
/me hides
/me knows that this makes Om feel awkard
SonicTheStallion: It is because we bronies so like to greet others :)
02lol
^NOT BIG SURPRISE
hio FlareChaser|TF2
Om, but it tastes like crap!
/me tires to escape CrazyCherry unsucsesfully
Dat invi
dat VioletGreySha ^^
^^
so random ship could have something worth a sun fixer?
Ninjazz2: To bad!
/me hugs Invi
This is very similar to the setup of Event Horizon.
1,3good afternoon everypony :)
No one is here that I want to talk to, damn.
Allo kirzstryfe.
Hey kirzstryfe
kirzstryfe: and then you come.
Ohai Capt Kirz\
/me hugwubbles VioletGreySha
afternoon kirzstryfe
Slyphoenix: I know XD
00,10it's not random ship
hey kirzstryfe and Shizuka
/me giggles at Om trying to escape.
hello kirzstryfe
hai kirzstryfe
moin kirzstryfe ^^
00,10it's the same mission only the first one failed
so how are you ponies
/me is feeling incredibly awkward
/me throws cotton candy at CrazyCherry "Let Om go!"
hello kirzstryfe
/me holds Om tighter
Flarechaser|TF2 O HAI THERE, can i play TF2 with you?
Sumica: ook
00,10they just found the first ship
Double bombs would mean DOUBLE SUN POWER!!
Airpuff: No!
boms
this isn't democracy, this is anarchy
/me strugleing to breath
1,3you can't trust the scarecrow
*bombs
ssshhhit
Leave it to that guy.
No pressure
Marx: LoL
mm
lawl
The guy that looks like Mike Shinoda sounds like the guy in Chronicles bonus feature
/me starts throwing baked bads at CrazyCherry
/me picks up watergun an shoots at CrazyCherry
Put the Om down.
Conyst, Airpuff: HEY!!
oh snap
this movie looks druged up
Infinite variables.
11,01Before I leave, they do explain why the Sun is dying in a discussion. Fortunately, it can't happen in real life.
Marx: their sun fixer must be Terry Crews
/me uses Om as a shield
/me teleports Om out of CrazyCherry s grip and to his side.
11,01It's not in the movie, so it's not a spoiler.
Hah!
That guy looks like an older Captain Marvelous.
/me is verry dizy
AIrpuff: -__-
would take a few billion years for the sun to die irl
/me balances Om till he is steady
meow
sup everone
bye Nit..............aw he left...
wb rotomfan63
ND|Busy theoretically it can happen in real life, but it is more than unlikely ^^
/me flies to get Om back to her grip
ty
/me gives Om a muffin
/me drops CrazyCherry in a tub of Jelly
11,01Here, from what they discussed, it's being eaten by a Q-ball which the sun caught.
hai rotomfan63
Dat OST
isnt that guy in wanted?
00,10nice riddik glasses
ND|Busy: bye man take care!
no not wanted i meant "in time"
Cya ND|Busy
Airpuff: HEY!!
Icarus
c ya ND|Busy
sling shot
goes to youtube app on cell phone
:3
sling stacne
stance*
don't wory i won't leve
bye ND|Busy
So this is a suicide mission?
You are strangely obsessed with tubs of jelly.. ADMIT IT! CrazyCherry
bai Nittany_Discord
Chimew
/me hides
O.o
DOUBLE SUN POWAAAAAAA
Sudden scream?
/me is droped into the jelly tub with CrazyCherry
^
nice cg effects
Dat scream...sounds familier...
11,01In real life, the Sun isn't massive enough to catch one (from what I remember).
Francis scream?
Farukon pawnch
/me gets Om into her grip
It's 4:23 A.M in the dark here...
._.
it's 9pm here
Is it just me or is that guy from the movie Inception?
Airpuff: No i'm not! I WANT OUT OF HERE!!
i am the only one who is looking at the movie at all?
^also BAtman
Space Madness.
/me lifts up Om and CrazyCherry with magic and puts them on the ground -.-
I'm looking at the movie too
i am not
scream;s gonna wake up my neighbors
/me is watching movie and chat
alarms are never good
Airpuff: Help me get my wings tidy of jelly
This is basically Lesson Zero and Party of One IN SPAAAAACE, right? :D
Poop hits the fan.
not good not good NOT GOOD!
that sounds bad
red spy in the base
/me is confused and uncomfortable
i just came for the chat room
the solar sails are burning up!
/me ... grabs a towel and washes CrazyCherry 's wings
has the sun enough mass, to make the tidal forces kill you before reaching the surface?
Michael: Protect te briefcase!
/me and covered in jelly?
00,10solar shield
a wild father appears, he uses distraction, it's very effective. What did i miss?
Airpuff: Thanks! :)
1.1 degrees. Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
1.1%............fries them
/me licks Om "Tasty!"
/me protect's the briefcase
welp, that's it
My head was full of ponies!
/me hands CrazyCherry a muffin
CrazyCherry's ponysona is a pegasus?
that's it, they're done.
Den Excuses
Oh sure help her and eat me >>
My head is full of buck!
/me licks Om too to check if it's tasty
It's not like the shield protecting the whole ship is important or anything
/me starts cleaning Om off
/me kisses Om on the eye
That's it, We're done! Game over man Game Over!
._____.
no pressure
my head is full of Pony!
00,10lets go for a walk
/me starest at CrazyCherry for kissing om.. at the... eye... ? xD
so fave pokemon and/or digimon?
go out there?
05sumi there's a slight delay fyi ;3
Sun surface have about 6000 Celsius degrees, right?
Yepp
Sumica: test
...I want to play a game, but I dont know what game...
6k centigrades.
e____o
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/482/
MontoyaSurge: Yes and it's a she.
FlareChaser|TF2: Diablo
It's hotter inside it though.
Minesweeper
FlareChaser|TF2 The game
00,10yeah i never got the lag so my review is not delayed
Dat eye-kiss xD
no ":|
WHOAH!
yay
HEY EVERYONE! The Game.
-___-
00,10I am waiting till I see it on site
Sumica: I've got a 21 second delay for some reason.
:P
^:|
You suck
6_9
CrazyCherry: are YOU a lady? :D
00,10then I recomend you refresh
One more time.
jokes on you FlareChaser, I lost years ago
i am bord
i haven't got much delay, but it laggs a lot
/me kisses Om on the snout.
05but yeah
05awesome movie <3
Sumica: test again
yah awsome
Dat music
MontoyaSurge: Nope.avi
I got not much serious problems with lagging or buffering
1,3don't think I've seen this one before, or if I have I wasn't really paying attention
well... not as least at all
yay
CrazyCherry: it's ok ;)
Sumica: went down to 17 seconds, so better.
that was in training
"youre gonna be fine" yay!
I feel violated.
MontoyaSurge: I know it's ok. -_-
?????
i love that sun protection suites
Hi, Good afternoon everyone~
"I did not ask you for your Opionion Computer"
Bjornfot: have you popped out the stream? I've found that to help a lot with the lag issue at times
hai TheGreatAndPowerfulT
00,10can try and drop bit rate if lage is bad for every one
my physics teacher doesn't like that movie and says it's ridicolous ^^
hay TheGreatAndPowerfulT
/me kisses Om on the head "Now you might feel even worse!"
ohai TheGreatAndPowerfulT
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Sumica: no lag, just a 17 second delay on my part. Must be mips.
/me is not laging.
this is boring
dem golden spacesuits
eh, it's not like it's desync or anything
madness
Hiya TheGreatAndPowerfulT!!!
Dat Starflash :3
actually, this is the movie with the least lag i ever watched on Bronystate...
swag
?
rotomfan63: well go do something then.
human golden disco suits
medness
no
Ohai VioletGreySha :3
hai TheGreatAndPowerfulT
this
Hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT have a muffin
:3
00,10I even droped desktopponies to boost preformance
hai Starflash
