that's what I'm asking
/me hugs alexxm :)
lol
also o.o
are you guys okay with this idea?
0,5Oh
0,5yes
EEEEyup
0,5definitely yes
didnt notice my nick wasnt changed
05yes
Fun Fact: A straight man is a word for a person in a two person comedic team who is supposed to be the serious person.
00,10oh yeah
05,15Last thing we need is some soccer mom getting angry with us
04We need a ToS, absolutely
^
Gamer_Luna: Erm...I was love sick...
00,03mmmhmm
05a yes to gettign a ToS.
i know pikorar
Om: :[
11,01Yeah.
05but that brigns the question, how would it be presented?
0,5yesyesyesyes
pikorar: How the fuck does my relationship work with anypony then? :D
pikorar: now I know
0,14works for me, how would we implement it though?
Irish_Pony: Something a matter?
i knew pikorar
That ornage thing on their table looks like a Trapinch.
11,01But aren't those legal documents?
basically: connect to the stream, agree to the ToS
O_O?
orange*
I learned that from taking the SAT.
04At the beginning of every log in to #bronystate?
/me activates lurk mode
wha?
nah
...OMG YES http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/pokmon-pokebenders.jpg
COOKIES
The SAT actually taught me something rather than just testing me.
cookie aye
so, what did i miss in last 2 hours bronies?
the logistics can, of course, be handled later
ohai Alicorn_Prince_Shane and Dken2021
05a 1time pop up once you visit the sites stream section with the obligatory scoll down for OK to be lit?"
i have a tower of beer cans
right now I just want to get the okay to assemble a group
lol
O hai Bronystate
lali-ho MahBoi777
do it
Irish_Pony: Well,I started typing that I missed you all night yesterday <3
hi there Alicorn_Prince_Shane
Hi Alicorn_Prince_Shane! I love you!
We know alexxm
and yeah, that's what I had in mind wrek
okay good
05Caramel has a go
Hot.
Pinkies4thWall: i guess :P
so, pay attention to SRS
hey Alicorn_Prince_Shane hows your day been
omnidirectional wheels are magic
Hai Alicorn_Prince_Shane ! :$
hawt
hi Dken2021 :)
I'll be getting people together to organize it and whatnot
I haven't gotten a hair cut in two and a half month... My hair feels terrible... :(
sorry Eddmario
nice wheels
good, that's all for that
hai Magical_pablez94 :D
How do those wheels work :O?
that's all for my points
04Could we possibly include the rules in the ToS
magic
More hot things
So that's how Derpy drove sideways.
Gamer_Luna: well Ninjazz told me you missed me, and something else <3
whoa there pikorar
absolutely
04So then THEY'D HAVE to look at them
11,01Yes.
05aye
I may have missed this.. but what was the response on resourcing?
it also means if they got kicked
pikorar: Do I really have to say it? :D
pikorar: i haven't in last 4...:D
they'd have to re-read it
05but we will still have them on the separate place
hey Alicorn_Prince_Shane hows your day been
11,01So they have zero excuse for rule ignorance.
alexxm: having just woken up awesome atm
Reminds me of the Auto Axe from the Fallout 3 DLC The Pitt
Depends on what you're trying to say, GilDash.
Luna: if people feel like they aren't being organized well, they're instructed to tell the admins
all the testosterone
Irish_Pony: What did he tell you?... <3
lol indeed
Um.
thanks Val
/me hugs Alicorn_Prince_Shane
I get freaked out if I don't have a haircut every 3 weeks.
GilDash: so, how r ya?
Gamer_Luna: He told me you liked me... <3
What the crap, ad.
ALL THE BLUE EYED FACES
Gamer_Luna: i heard Ninjazz|Night say Gamer_Luna x ( someone)
pikorar: Two months? I havent had one in almost two years
/me noms on alexxm
Alright done with your items?
okay, moving on
eeyup
/me is murdered by soulless blue-eyed clones.
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Ahem......
Sumica
Ernesto....
Alright everyone
00,10So the short of it is you dont have to be of any set age to be here but by agreeying toview
lol Irish_Pony
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: you just woke up? 6_9
Dat hair joke
it's time for a short break
/me revives Randomnerd
00,10you wave rights to bitch?
pikorar: GO and figure that out yourself. ;)
haha, well put sumica :P
THE CLONES!!!
I can't go more than 2 months without a cut, Om, because my hair is wavy and when it even gets slightly long it's gross.
and yeah, that looks good
What.
yea no
break
11,01Inb4 CaS waiver.
Irish_Pony: I have always you,muffin.
10 SECONDS LEFT! HURRY!
15 mins break
05so break untill 22:30?
04Hmm, we're going with "anyone of age can enter?"
Today on BAD COSPLAY: http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/pokmon-leave-cosplay-to-japan.jpg
Airpuff: its 620 am here
Dat irresponsible commercial.
0522:40 then
04Are we sure that's safe?
FUUUUUUUUU- Time out...
we can iron out the details later
fun fact: blue eye color is not really blue.
Gamer_Luna: <3
not in here
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: O.o
pikorar: My hair is beatiful. Well. I think it is.
oh god RAWRity
00,10it's what I was asking Ghosties
The stream is probably 7 seconds behind anyway...
nonono listen
Irish
what? free kids? where
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: 22:25 am.. x)
00,10but we have no way to enforce either
or,,
the agreement is that they are either of age, or have permission to log on
RAWRity: Boomer
lol we're watching commercials? :D
10:25 pm* xDDD
RAWRity: I'd hit that. WITH A ROCKET LAUNCHER!
so in other words
Irish_Pony: <3
RAWRity is that supposed to be misty
Airpuff: how is it 2225 am
04If they say they are of age
And then he kills 2 hookers.
they agree to know what they're getting into
04But aren't
u silly filly Airpuff
alexxm: eeyup
04Then they're the ones that fucked up
exactl
y
00,10oki
04...but how do we enforce that?
who does pikorar
Gamer_Luna: Btw did you see what I drew for you on your DA? <3
did she say jaffa cakes?
we dont
After this myth busters I may just get a bubble wrap fetish.
04It's not like we have a legal team...
it's just a measure to protect ourselves
05but by stating it
thanks RAWRity
its just frustrating
pikorar: I'll go find some for you. ;)
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Im not useally using Am/Pm.. only 00:00 - 23:59 :P
pikorar: .....k lol\
00,10we have them identifie a picture of VHS tapes
05they know what they are gettign themselves into
1,11We've always had that overhead. Only know we'd be protected from it.
Mmmmm... So bubbly. Pop pop pop all night, baby.
We just write down a ToS and have a button that says "I agree to the ToS"
Airpuff: k
I thought I found the problem with the HDTV but no it was not
hey Gamer_Luna i saw your pic, its very nice ^_^
pikorar: I'd rather be popping cherries. ;)
00,10if they dont know what it is they cant come in
Irish_Pony: No,I'll go check :)
/me wraps pikorar in bubble wrap
it really is the mainboard
04Nah
04Make it BETA
O hey Alicorn_Prince_Shane :)
04VHS is too easy
some caps most likely went bad
adam is now a discord worshiper
lol
I liked the alcatraz myth they did
00,10hard to tell beta from vhs with out sence of size
GilDash: That's just rude.
okay, but now the discussion is done, we're good
Not me GilDash. Not me.
so now, 15 minute break
Om: True though. :)
then we continue with sumica
alexxm when hasn't he?
ready?
BREAK
oh my...
04We can hammer out details for ToS later
pikorar: Everypony. Even you. ;)
GilDash: Sicko >.>
see you in 15 minutes
my favourite moment on Btstate... was when i called Sumica the Wise and Almighty Sumica , while he was streaming and he scoffed at wise
But Om, he's doing people a sexy favor.
o hau Ponies47
good point Dken2021 adam is discords son then
/me licks Ponies47
I already put in a new Nichicon 4.7 uF 100 volt capacitor and that did not seem to do anything
DAAAaaaaaamn.
so its not that particular one
11,01Getting quite windy outside.
0,14calmd down, Alicorn_Prince_Shane
pikorar: Do you know what that saying reffers to?
Is licked by Alicorn_Prince_Shane
Ohai Saxy
0,14'lo
o hai SaxyPretender
hey SaxyPretender
hey SaxyPrentendor hows your day been
Hey hey hey SaxyPretender :)
Uh, duh, Om.
allo sax
Om: You would say that. :)
11,01SaxyPretender: is Saxy as always.
0,14indeed
0,14XD
GilDash: >_>
Saxy > Sexy
03http://hackedirl.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/epic-win-photos-offering-your-services-win.jpg
eeeeyup
Irish_Pony: Can you send me a link to it?I can't find it :$
SaxyPretender is going to bring saxy back.
nothing will top the concrete truck explosion
0,14I'm the S to the A, X and add a Y, and ain't no other brony keep it as fly like I, I'm Saxylicious
pikorar: -_- is everyone as tasteless and shallow as you two.
hey SaxyPrentendor hows your day been
Lol SaxyPretender
Apparently
Facebook is being DDOSed
nice SaxyPretender
Om: We're working on it. ;)
dunno though
Om Yes. Yes we are.
We try Om.
SaxyPretender, is that your new hit single?
0,14it is
/me dat recent episode
/me sighs
0,14sold eleventy billion in -1 seconds XD
heheh
Do they really use small handheld cameras for that? :O
yay, we get to see the camera team
pyrocatboy: Thanks for the support. :)
Om: Normal social rules does not work here.. xD
A washing machine has never been put to better use before that.
Except for the guy who is running the camera to film the camera man :D
GilDash Your welcome mon capitan
Airpuff: You can still try to have a shred of decency and decorum.
why are they doing this one?
Om: Why pretend? ;)
Om: We do. ;)
We're uncouth Om.
pikorar: I can think of a more useful use for it...
beautiful!
weird, works now
Myrei: Because we asked them to
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/pokmon-im-going-guys.jpg
Heh Acleps... I like how you think.
pikorar: :D
Om Whats this decentsy you speak of?
?
Oi...
c4 is some seriously boomey stuff
wondr what dignity is....
Myrei: It's a "do whatever the fans ask because we can" episode
facebook was acting up
pikorar, Acleps: I don't. It stings like hell. :S
03I thought you don't use Facebook
03:P
awesome
00,10so what was the science behind this one I missed it?
I don't.
Sumica: boom
+boom
wow
I was checking some webpages on it
=boom
none
Sumica: which one would go more boom
00,10ahh
Snuggles up with Irish_Pony
/me crys
Only /?
7*
Sumica: The hypothesis is that the fans know best and that they want more explostions.
MahBoi777: Buck Yeah!
/me hugs pyrocatboy
/me hugs pyrocatboy whats the matter
pyrocatboy: what's up? :( *hugs u*
walk this way, Yess! :)
Randomnerd: /)
I wanna see a Mythbusters-style MLP episode
CCCP That poor camera...
DRIVE THIS WAY!
Wow, the chat just lagged like hell
MahBoi777: (\
'murica
pyrocatboy: lol
I'm not sure Hell lags.
/me dem commercials
it does
10lolLugia posting on the forum
Eternal lag is hell for a computer gamer.
Acleps: Send me some commercials from your country
Why are we watching this on TV?
IRISH LEFT? :'(
05some are horrifying, some are decent
Shirt off! :)
lol
David Beckham!
EVERYTHING OFF.
pikorar: Exactly! :)
Wrek: some, what?
Stallion_of_War: I'll try to findsome
...
05commercials
Wrek And some are FUCKING AWESOME
Wasn't he in Ke$ha's anti-brony music video?
OH BOY WHAT FLAVOUR?!
ah
2!pokemon
Ran, you are a 10Panpour.
Creepy people
Gamer_Luna: Probably.
2:<
Pie Flavour
2No
00,10one of us, one of us
thats creepy
how did they get beckham to do a burger king advert
I want GilDash to bundle me.
I like the way you think pikorar.
KESHA MADE AN ANTI-BRONY VIDEO????
BURN THE WITCH WITH WUBS
alexxm: Money Dear Boy
Stallion_of_War: the whore
vat?
pikorar: I was just about to ask who wanted to bundle with me. :D
00,10they payed him a small fortune alexxm
05Stallion_of_War: big deal
what Stallion_of_War
Go watch the music video for her song "Blow". Definatly anti-brony
I think you just got your answer, GilDash.
Sorry my internet went derp :(
Airpuff: pie flavor
/me nomz Alicorn_Prince_Shane
05stop makign the words of a whore weigh so much
how much Sumica
Sup everypony.
Or she's into the darker side of the fandom
Stallion_of_War: Here are some from last year: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onL8deU3Y5Q
MahBoi777: :P
sorry Wrek
/me lets the spills begin.
/me noms CCCP
/me waits
<3 this commercial
00,10probably as much as he would have made for winning at what ever it is he does
sup Iron_Edge
what was on his hands?
GilDash: i'd like to.:D
pikorar: I like the answer. :)
Haven't seen this commercial in around a year or 2
11,01KeCORPRATEWHOREha hates bronies? Oh well.
0,14no video links during stream, Acleps
00,10keep in mind burgger king is like world wide
Makes me want some spaghetti
Iron_Edge: everything ok over her! what about you?
here*
why was their white stuff of their hands?
0,14>implying Ke$ha's career isn't a parody =P
11,01Big lightning outside.
SaxyPretender: Oh, sorry for that :(
/me nuzzles Gamer_Luna <3
Magical_pablez94: lol lots of ME3..
I love Cox... I love Cox all over my screen...
10!pokemon
Skylands, you are a 13Cranidos.
Iron_Edge: :D:D
00,10oh look it's that bullshint school
pikorar: I'll go find some Cox for you.
SaxyPretender you mean it isn't?
Sumica: Who is your TV provider?
11,01Someone with a $ in their name screams corporate whore.
dino
!pokemon
xD
double dino >:3
Nittany_Discord: i agree
dem txts..
Irish_Pony: You didn't leave!Thank goodness!"
SaxyPretender YES! SOMEBODY GETS IT!
well draghen
100%
Nittany_Discord: I think you can drop the corporate. :D
Hey! my last name is cox?
11,01Or at least "I don't give a dam about music. I'm just in it for the money."
Also, Ke$ha didn't make an "anti-brony" music video.
00,10oh look you all just lost
Someone with $ in their names screams *I want to be on pikorar's kill list*
Hey! My last name is Cox!
05so many call now adds
0,14yeah, personally speaking, Ke$ha's career seems to be a parody
Pinkies4thWall: it is
?!
lol
whens wrek streaming got again? :)
Who the hell cares what Kesha does anymore?
I JUST LOST THE GAME!
pikorar: Oh really? ;)
Ke$ha made an anti-brony music video??? :o
Gamer_Luna: Sorry were having a party then EVERYONE just HAD to use there phones at once then BOOM! internet derps...:(
2Also, Lugia - that's a rare one for the TST Pokedex
It used to be "Cordon Bleu", but the maker of the name found the internet, and decided to change it
GODDAMMIT! WE JUST LOST THE GAME!
YEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHH!
what is Ke$ha doing these days?
Alchemist: who is this Kesha person?
Acleps: if you want someone in particular to see a yt link, open a private chat tab and send him/her the link!
Damn you TV listings!
05RyunosukeKnT: i have streamed all episodes that are available. the new EP airs today and ill have it ready to be streamed sometiem tomorrow
Dken2021: many drugs?
MahBoi777: yeah, FB me if you want
Kisses Irish_Pony and lies down next to him.I forgive you <3
Dat piss whirlpool.
ahh kk wrek :)
Alceps: I have no idea what they're saying, but these are very similar ot our ads.
Pinkies4thWall: haha
Gamer_Luna: <3 *kisses back*
You know what grinds my gears?
Bruce!
DerpSurge: That's what I would have done, but I thought the rule was "No links during the movie streams"
Role Play
My favorite thing to build is a baby with you~
Oh crap. The sword rig.
Pinkies4thWall: hello btw, how are you?:P
/me is jumping around da chat looking for something to do
Ryunosukeknt: another teen "musician", a cross between paris hilton and... I dont know. Its just horrible.
great
Invisibility ball > Invisibility cloak.
Dken2021: they grind at times :/
good
03http://chzfailnation.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/epic-fail-what-sorcery-is-this-fail.jpg
/me glomps CCCP
pikorar: Exactly
D'aaaaw octopus!
pikorar you pinged me lol
Acleps: no yt links during normal streams. Image links are fine though
/me snuzzles Magical_pablez94
MahBoi777: you know mah first name, i hope?
Mmm Paintball.
Irish_Pony: I'm drawing something again,I think you'll like it :)
Magical_pablez94: Irish_Pony and Gamer_Luna need some attention. ;)
DerpSurge: Yeah, I got that
Gamer_Luna: <3
Pinkies4thWall: yes lol
I can Invisibly ping Invi.
Oh my God that suit O_O
moin CCCP
Gamer_Luna: I cant wait...<3
That color makes me want to punch a baby.
GilDash: why is that?
/me "how are you?" noms CCCP mane
he does looks like a show host
/me 07,01is about to turn her ping off
hello Invi :D!
00,10that is alot of red suit
GilDash: thanks bro;)
MahBoi777: on FB, my profile pic is Derpy
0,14do I have to ask people if they're okay in regards to RPing?
DING DING DING
he looks like a comrade in that suit
GilDash: why do they need more attention?
im good Magical_pablez94 :3
My RP is going pretty good.
Lu: why?
hi Magical_pablez94
:D
ringedy ding ding ding
Grant doesn't know!
BOOOOOOOOOOO....OOOOOOOOM
Viagra
The Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahs Gals
hi there Invi :D how r ya?
Heyy hey hey Magical_pablez94 :)
00,10hairspray also made the tree extreamly flamable
Tory suxs at this xD
xD
Magical_pablez94 I'm fine, what about you? ^^
Save the trees, use hairspray.
hey Ponies47 ! how's tour day been!
ohai Invi
she remmebers their suffering
XD
moin MahBoi777 ^^
that reason -_-
Om, or he just doesnt care :D
Also: KARI BYRON IS HOT
allo Invi
hi ho Dken2021 ^^
/me Dat Kari
hi Dken2021
Stallion_of_War: She is a vision, yes.
Alchemist: Probably more plazeable xD
Magical_pablez94: Good thank you :) MY BROTHERE IS STILL NOT A TRUE MAN! :[
Invi: bit tired, but awesome! i've been walking around a comincs fair for da whole day but it was fun:D
*Brother
Magical_pablez94 comincs?
xD
She would remember... it happened to her.
Baby bullet detector.
kari ooooooowns
:<
NOTHING!
Eddmario: Pushkin the cart
00,10bucket-o-noting
ohai Ponies47
I LIKE NOTHING
Nothing is my favourite
then adam = demoman?
Yay No-Prize!
Hi Invi :)
GOOD DAY SIR
I treasure my bucket of nothing
Invi: comics*
nothing is mah favorite thing
Invi: :P
Nothing. nothing at all
egg chair?
I like ponies :)
Ponies47: da fuck?
Looks like every gaming chair ever made.
dddddddaaaaawwwwww
NO POSTING HUMANS! Even baby ones! No matter how cute!
Magical_pablez94: He won't watch ponies! :[
and we're back
Magical_pablez94 a comic con?
pikorar: When did babies start playing video games?
let us continue'
Fun Fact: He's not really a dog.
babehs
lol mayhem.
Invi: kinda of :D
HEY! You guys are great!
pikorar: Yes he is. :D
Magical_pablez94 sounds nice
live tv?
/me CRAZY TRAIN!
YOUR GONNA DIE!!! have you considered life insurance?
Invi: but with video games and stuff like that too :D
05good song
Mayhem originally meant "Maiming".
Then they get in a car crash
Dat family.. o.o
00,03It's Sumica's turn!
Fun Fact: Nothing happens when you die.
Magical_pablez94 awesome ^^
I'm seeing Black Sabbath at Download... Just saying. :D
:D CCCP
runnin off the raiiils on the crazy train
killing road in ad? :D
I like that song *buys car*
I just played that song today after about a year :D
This is my sleepy time music.
lol
yay
Pinkies4thWall: :D
Ponies47: that's a bad news!
YAY
in the worst of places
/me has dead space flashbacks
YAY
Fat guy is pleased with his life.
00,10we all back?
05DAT IS SUCH A DEADSPAIC RIPPOFF
Michael Fassbender will bang you with his massive penis.
Sumica: Who is your TV provider?
/me nods
this music sounds famillier
/me destroys the western half of the chat to put in a Wal-Mart
Wrek: SUUUURE
Dagburnnit, why dosent it work for me?!
commercial stream?
00,10lets beat the comunication horse some more.
I remeber now how much I hate comercials
Wrek: Thats what I was thinking too :P
05DerpSurge: aye playing the twinkle song
abopvehs - azy
yay
/me prays no political ads play.
Wrek: WHICH TOTALLY COPEED EVENT HORIZON!
morning ponies :3
this sounds like dead island traier music
what are we actually watching besides advertising?
YES
my chat is really sloooow
NO.
Morning Derpy_Hooves ! I love you!
05WHICH TOTALLY COPIED THE BOOK-ohwait
Luna Derpy 2012
Invi: ikr? but now my poor hooves are fucking painful :P
wait wut
ingwaz ythbuster!
00,10We have alot of events that never seem to be anounced to the mod team outside of the group that comes up with it.
Invi: Advertising within the channel's own shows?
no i meant i wanted mythbusters
er.. Mythbusters!
Fun fact: Bringing pick-up trucks to a biker gang fight is a good idea.
YES
that's so true
Wrek: because Dead Space was the first work of fiction that used a lullaby on a horror situation :D
00,10Man of the team only find out about upcoming events around the time the viewers do
FUCK YES
yay
this isnt Co
YES FUCK
tori should keep the beard
05DerpSurge: OFC IT WAS /FANBOI
D
1,11^ eyup...
GilDash yeah, but what is on the channel that makes it worth to experience the horror of official advertising?
this isnt CoD
How do you guys do that?
Wrek: :P
I love me some juice... ;)
do what Princess_Molestia?
CoD isn't this
yes
If I was the leader of a biker gang I would just drive a pick-up truck with bullet proof glass because no one would expect it.
00,10We need to be posting events on the fourms so every one knows one is coming up
GilDash: it looks like they didn't me my help btw :D
Kari does have nice mellons
Invi: Your guess is as good as mine.
13largely due to them being discussed in SRS
ooh
nice melons carrie ;)
Dat sexual Harrassment.
I also really like Kari's mane
GilDash: need*
What a bore
Magical_pablez94: I've noticed they're gone... :(
I'm glad you brought that up Shizu
You type in "yay" and a sound clip plays, how do you do that?
especially with that hat on <3
we NEED to keep SRS SRs
I hate how much i love Kari Byron
no more off-topics
GilDash: *squeee* :D
yay
^
and if someone mentions something is derailed
aaaaaaaaannnnnnndddddddddd iiiiitttttttttt
Princess_Molestia it's Sumica's ping noise
!yay
Dat 100 XXX! times
00,10I read through srs many of the events in the last 2 months never came up at all
no more "Fun police"
ooooooooooohhhhhhhhhh
pffff, built a 12.7mm pistol, then i'll be impressed
Princess_Molestia: the streamer has a diffrent noise for when she is pinged
MELONS
03http://chzfailnation.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/epic-fail-x-ray-fail.jpg <- How did someone even manage that
hell, if you really want to, do fun police in G
lemons
KIWIS
GilDash: what about the 2 of us? :D
Shamroc: he
This totally proves she's a lesbian.
I see now
WAT?!
Insert_cupc4ke: Someone get a DNA sample. I'll grab a TARDIS and go forwards in time to when cloning people is easy.
Grapefruit
melons make for good armor
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: derp
Strawberries
We'll each have our own Kari
hi Princess_Molestia how's ur day been? :)
Apples
BOOM
This myth test is stupid. It's a waste of perfectly good watermelon
We have a new body armour... made of melons!!!!!!!
Oranges
it all goes back to communication
It feels as if they had to do way more work just for this episode than a "normal" episode :D
I would eat those watermelons and instead of spitting out a black seed, I would spit out a bullet.
communicate
Eddmario indeed
^
Dat magic o.o
if people don't respond
Kumquats
It's been good
no, you can still eat the melons.
don't give up
KEEP reminding them
Magical_pablez94: I have tryed EVERYTHING! He has listened to 3 episodes Lesson Zero, Party of One, and Swarm of The Century. He has also listened to two songs Winter Wrap Up and Smile Smile Smile. Well the thing is he really wasen't paying attention and he said it count's as watching when he just LISTENED to them and wasen't paying attention. He's freakin 16 and he can act below has age alot. He can't even sit still
They should keep shooting
Bananas
put it in different channels
/me dat wall of text
do what you need to do to get it out there
Papaya
pikorar: o///o
Im waiting for my friend Tax to come back.
pikorar If you can spit them hard enough, you could kill a amn
you can still eat the watermelons
*man
Mangos
lol cover ur self in watermelons
I have alot to say somtimes! :$
13awards show was brought up a week and a half before the deadline, so it moved very fast to getting that committee of me and kirz and saxy
the melon has wounds
there's still some good watermelons
dat bullet
Princess_Molestia: happy to hear :D
Holi cow.
00,10I presum all the events are at some point brought to the admins yes.
That's better than in my dreams
xD
OHHHHHHHHH
Eddmario: I'm not a spitter, actually. Spitters are quitters.
Tomatoes
04You'd think that...
pikorar: I'd rather you spit out seeds... ;)
13trilogy was just an off the wall idea i had on the list i hammered out, but we're at june, suddenly it's happening
they should be, yes
ideally: this is how it should work:
Peaches
a team comes up with an idea for an event
GilDash, what did I just say!? Spitters are quitters! >:L
03http://chzfailnation.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/epic-fail-nevada-has-its-priorities1.jpg
Ponies47 i can't rellay sit still but i'm a brony
the Teamleader brings it up in the TL chat
pikorar: Hey, I'd be there to mop it back up. ;)
Pears
we discuss it, the admins present it in SRS and the forums
Of course the bulls didn't break the dishes; dishes aren't me
we get the organization handled IMMEDIATELY
04Ideally
Ponies47: you made a big mistake. u should make him watch the FIRST episodes not some of them taken randomly...
Limes
Kari has a nice hole there
02Well, got to go everyone~
oickaxing
00,10Yeah that's kinda another point Shizuka but it's not on the ajenda
02Nini~
*pickaxing
GilDash: ... With your tongue. *TKFW*
I'm pretty sure the Chinese Digger myth was that they'd put vases on a table and if they fell over then someone was digging underneath
Palmagranates
Is it possible to shoot a Barret 50. cal through a 10 foot thick block of ice?
bai
nope
Cherries
xD
pikorar: That's the idea. ;)
Magical_pablez94: Yeah but here's the thing. He really didn't watch them or listen infact I don't think he was paying attention at all.
Princess_Molestia hows your day been
good alexxm
Grapes
00,10too much planing seems to happen at the last min. we keep pushing things back
D'aaaaw!
XD
TOO many commercials
Goats are so silly!
agreed
Tangerines
13from my point of view, let's face it, the forums are deaaaaaaad
oh wait thats not a commercial?
00,10yeah
05oh look our human side is showing
GilDash pikorar: Get a room.
11,01Our normal forums?
nope
I like male bags.
not the beer!
Cantelopes
no why the beer
13yeah mod foums
WHY ARE THEY WASTING BEER?! :[
waste of good beer
NO! NOT MY BEER!!!!
13forums is spelled with an R.. but anyway
A waste of beer...
pikorar: what does that mean?
/me cries
13we all have skype open all the time, so naturally that's where our discussion takes place
is this some kind of cruel joke?
wow, a lot of ads here
We like this room, Om, because it's more spacious.
NOT THE BEES
Ponies47: cause he doesn't know what he's watching at... he just knows that's a cartoon for little girls that casually likes to his brother...
Lemons
/me kisses Irish_Pony.
NOOO! NOT THE CANS OF-Wait, it's beer? Never mind then.
well, this is a committment thing essentially
that boy needs therapy
I am a shark, GIVE ME YOURE VIRGINS!!
they could have given the beer to me
if we want to forums to live
GilDash: i wondered the same... :'(
Raisins
GilDash it's for science. science created beer and destroys it again
yes but with the amount of offtopic chat in there
PinkiePry: o hai
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/21402779.jpg
we need to use them
Should play pony music while commercials
lolwut
oh crap PinkiePry is here
SRS chat is no longer SRS
obviously, we can't make any of you use them
CCCP: Whatever you want it to ;)
I am the epitome of alone
Invi: That's a sin!
11,01The forums can be used to storm things.
stuff gets missed out on
wut?
04How about
pikorar: O_O
11,01*store
true
GilDash not if it's shitty beer
pikorar: I think I've got a good idea. ;)
ohai PinkiePry! how have u been?
04We just don't make Skype for BronyState business
PinkiePry: nuthing <_< >_>
04Make forums just BronyState business
hi PinkiePry
Gouda
00,10I dont mind chat taking place in skype so long as we keep the important bits saved on the fourms
Invi: ... Okay, you kinda have a point there.
yes please
TOO MUCH DMAN ROLEPLAY
:D
Why the hell does anyone live in AK?
I would vouch that
*DAMN
what am I watching.
I've been here for hours -_-
13forums are too slow for all the communication though
hi everypony, how are you this fine evening?
Dat slow mo
roleplay is fun though.
allo AlienEd27, good
04But then the unnecessary bits are filtered out, Shizuka
well, as Nittany said
Hi AlienEd27! I love you!
/me is the next level of performance
11,01Things can go slowly in Skype as well.
atleast PinkiePry is normal
the forums are used to STORE the information
hey AlienEd27
^
we should have a RP day
1,11forums are for finalized business. Skype is for discussing that business.
if something is discussed on skype, we store it on the forums
Bollocks I need caffiene
all of them have sexy face
good idea
CCCP: nope
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: normal?
04Funny
13which is what we had threads and such to do
Magical_pablez94: True. THt's what all none bronies think. I just don't know how to make him sit down and just watch a freakin episode.
CCCP: I'm not RPing.
Airpuff: shhhhh
pikorar: love ALL the things
13but we haven't used them have we?
05i like the philosophy better. the forums STORE info. the skype discusses it
04I made that already for the forums :D
*That's
11,01Hence my point.
MY MOUTH! THE CRYSTALS DO NOTHING!
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: :S
pikorar: i know
"Blowers"
05that*
ask him nicely?
Ze Goggle Do Nothing!
Bromance much pikorar? 6_9
13we've all had access to the forums this whole time, but like i said, they're dead or dying
The word "love" is getting played out, I may move to admire later, much more sensual.
drug him and tie him to a chair?
04I already made a "BronyState Important Business" thing way back
well then, let's commit
yep
right now, let's commit
04Where people would put down important info
check the forums regularly
pikorar: Well, you're the muppet playing it out. :p
lolsolsols
lsol
oh no
infront of a tv that plays nothing but mlp?
;s
what Pajaro
Irish_Pony: Almost done :)
04And what's the punishment if you don't check the forums regularly?
AlienEd27: Whatever "mance" you think it is.
03o.o
!pokemon
nothing.
04That's the thing, how do you make people check the forums
Bronystate fails
Gamer_Luna: Cant wait <3
plan and simple
00,10again with the punishment
Bork bork bork!
pikorar: I like you saying "love" , don't change it :(
no need for punishment
04Seriously though, Sumi
we can't run the site if people aren't committed
00,03>RP day
0,5No punishment
/me rolls
it's peoples OWN responsibility
Ponies47: tell him about the story without saying the word PONY then make him watch the first episode with you near to him, making a commentary about the quality of the cartoon and things like that :D
hey, at least you still have your vocal chords
00,03lolnope
04Why have all these things if there is no reason for people to do it?
to be INFORMED
pikorar: Wark wark wark!
/me is socialy awkard
04Why enforce rules then?
04If you do nothing, then people will do whatever
doo dee doo
the guys who need voice prothesises are kinda more fucked
0,14Except even when people are reminjded to check the forumsl, they don't
/me hugs Aliened27
AlienEd27: I am too
04^
WORT WORT WORT! HALO FTW!!
04Exactly
GilDash: Ctrl-F. Quick Replace: "r" with "n". Enter.
13negative reinforcement is vastly inferior to positive reinforcement
04What would make them do something
AlienEd27: think you are not alone with that here ;)
05yes but i dont think there's a lack of committment val, jsut a lack of urge to use the forums
Do they really need to show this same Mythusters commercial again adn again?
04Saying "Please, guys, check forums" wouldn't work
/me hugs AlienEd27
13you set up a situation where we resent visiting the forums just as a way of avoiding punishment
AlienEd27, MahBoi777 Dont worry. Not all in here are.. at that level xD
i guess everypony is then!
how the fuck do you do that
then what would you suggest wrek?
Acleps yes
Gamer_Luna: Ill brb, Ill miss you <3
04Then, tell us, what would you suggest Shizuka
pikorar: It's no fun on your own. ;)
you agreed to the philosophy, so why not do it?
dat science
Myth Busted. Just like all the cherries in the world.
light beer and regular beer? lol
13pastebin, profuse use of pastebin
face plant
04Ummmm
If they throw whisky I will be really ticked off.
Airpuff: lol ya'll are fine, I mean irl
13have everyone make or link accounts, keep things unlisted
04After what happened yesterday...
04I uh
Irish_Pony: I miss you eery second until you come back <3
dirtnap
/me drops da base
YAY DROPPING THINGS.
i only seen "light" beer in the US.
/me nuzzles Airpuff
04I don't feel so comfortable with pastebins anymore
*bass
Well...
Magical_pablez94: I see. Get's me thinking. Good thing he doesn't know what the first episode is all about. But I'm pretty sure as soon as he see's ponies he's gonna run off. I think I might need some tape. :3
MahBoi777: I guess :P
... WHAT!?
somepony made an error
just watched teens react to prom... LEGASP
the US is a funny place
13that was a case of failing to notice the privacy setting
04Yeah
/me nuzzles CCCP
Gravity makes objects fall the same!?
Hugs CCCP back :)
Tory understands
we are all humans
13which is why i say make or link accounts
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: IKR
even they're ashamed they're wasting beer
DO NOT DROP THAT BEER!
04But I still am incredibly wary of pastebins now ><
pikorar: Serious science.
/me huggles alexxm :3
and he learned from it
lol Kari
pikorar it does
WASTE!!
:'(
Fun fact... This is a stupid myth bust because all object drop at the same rate...
why do they even test this?
04That's another thing though, Shizuka
04You're trading forums for pastebins
11,01Did someone outside of our group find something?
/me hugs CCCP
of course its a stupid myth
well duh
04One medium of communication for another
:D!!!!!!
pikorar: Nope. Air resistance on Earth.
02*WB03(Skylands03)02WB* - <Skylands> 10Apparently I saved myself a memo last night titled "cake" and all it says is "I love it so much"
04What's the difference
But we already no this...
..........
Invi for shits and giggles
04How would pastebins work better?
:'( waste of beer is cruel
13pastebins can be brought up from the person they are relevant to
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: I wouldve bet he was a closet brony during the teens react to bronies video
Poor beer :'(
YOU COULD GET DRUNK WITH THIS!
who was having trouble convincing their friend to join the herd?
pikorar: Okay, my argument is gone. :D
Y u watse cider :(
YAY DANGER OF GETTING HIT WITH GLASS SHARDS.
13and only when they are relevant
really?
04Can't forums work the same
/me hugs Ponies47 "This is madness"
GilDash: that just means they have a different terminal velocity, but they accelerate at the same rate
wow
13clearly they aren't
lol why?
04Especially if we were doing individual dept. sections
Alchemist: So given a long enough distance...
:O
04And you think pastebins will?
and why is that?
Hah, GilDash. Finally something that I took from science class that I actually remember acurately.
04Let's face it
the bass?
13believe me i'm all for actually using the forums, but the point is we. are. not.
04It's all about convenience
potty
/me bursts into flames
yea dropping stuff
TOILEETS
04What would make people do pastebins
Gildash: one will hit the ground faster. Yes.
pikorar: What's the number?
dropping toilets from cranes. FOR SCIENCE
why are the forums not being used?
DROP THE BASS!
04Where's the motivation
they should drop a bass guitar
/me grabs Invi and Airpuff
13we're already doing google docs for a number of things
drop dat bas
i have farted
Pajaro those are really expensive
The only class I can remember accurately is sex-ed.
04We could try for google docs
I'm dissapointed in the sound that the piano made when it feel... On cartoons it makes a fun piano-sound, but there it made no awesome sounds
13pastebin grants nicer urls that we're more likely to look at
Hugs Airpuff 'Madness' This is NOT sparta! It's a waste of beer. :'(
so
04That does seem to get more attention
05i could try to use the forums more sure, but it would be more convenient for me if it was under bronystates roof rather than effing zetaboard
alexxm: heheh fart
GilDash, what do you mean?
PUT YOUR CLOTHES BACK ON!
Sexy...
flat
6_9
/me grans Alicorn_Prince_Shane nuzzles him and slaps alexxm with him
that is kinda disturbing
Oh my gaaaaah
*grabs
sexy Tory
it's just a link Wrek?
he sponged that like a pro
pikorar: G. What is the number?
sorry Invi
Put the bra back on!
question for the techs
poot
the forums are just meant for the staff
Ponies47: if he acts like that.. solution is one only: thalk with him about why u think MLP is that awesome. u dunno? just think harder something will get on ur mind. then say him to watch at least this one more..( the 1st one) then say if he likes it or not. obviously u have to show him 1st and 2nd part of it :D
04Though we talked about that one other day, finally making forums public and more convenient
lol why u slapping alexxm invi?
13Luna: for me, there's no new information there that can't be brought up in SRS to get fresh opinions
wait they had to break a crap load of stuff to prove ma=mg, a=g?
Is it possible to make an invisible forum?
04What would be the point if nobody used them
or hell, how about this:
wha
thank goodness
Alicorn_Prince_Shane he farted in the chat
10Why do I keep DCing
lol
i farted Alicorn_Prince_Shane
. . . dang it
twilight_sprinkle: Yes. =_(\
Effing brilliant!
13at this time, hosting our own forums is a matter of cost and administration
lol Invi
can we make a tab on the main page that is only visible for us when we're logged in
yes but Shizu dear you do agree with the amount of offtopic chat / non serious chat in SRS?
YAY FARTING.
YEAH Flatulence
ATTACK Invi ATTACK
and that tab just links to our zetaboards?
Kinky...
ponies are kewl
that's disgusting
GilDash: I still don't follow... I must have missed something... G as in G forces? What?
GilDash: this show is so stupid imo..
13yes there's a lot of offtopic, which naturally arises from realtime chatting
13breaking a train of thought to take it to G is difficult
04Which is why I agree with no more finalized business in Skype
Um... Girls are humans, right? They pass gas, myth busted.
Magical_pablez94: Anthor problem he doesn't like talking. TO BAD! :[
YES. GIRLS PASS GAS. MY MOTHER DOES IT EVERY FUCKING TIME.
1,11Why not just put a link to the Zetaboards in the topic of our Skype groups/
13we're slowly getting better at it, but that's how it is
pikorar: G as in G. =_(\
pikorar: no, g as in gravitational constant
http://fav.me/d529ybg
Ponytail LYRA
1,11?*
0,14you gotta take the good with the bad in terms of Skype
topic links haven't been working
Oh. I have no idea. I never learned that.
twilight_sprinkle They felt like it. They already knew what would happen.
13that's a different problem
03http://chzschooloffail.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/homework-class-test-you-will-never-use-this-again.png
13topic links are worthless in skype
pikorar: You know. 9.81...? =_(\
parachute panties
TL's haven't been using the projects google doc
13i'll show you why
I'm liking these ponies with ponytails
0,5I have the forums in my bookmarks tab
oh god ponytail Lyra is adorable
GilDash, I'm taking Physics this next year...
love that Bon Bon cap ^_^
pyrocatboy: its a waste of money
No GilDash, I don't know...
13is there a link in the leads topic now?
Dken2021_: Lol
Science!
Oh my Gaaaah
We are still doing SCIENCE?
Im back
CrimsonPhoenix: So much tail 6_9
d'aww CrimsonPhoenix
pikorar: g = 9.81 would be a good thing to bring with you. =_(\
not anymore I think
^
0,5Skype topic links are pretty useless
/me throws science at a wall
facehoof
Ponies47: close him in ur room and tie him to a chair. take a SPAS-12 and aim to his head and start saying that if he wants to survive to u he must watch it.
0,5I will admi
Well I have yet to learn it, GilDash!
0,5*admit
MahBoi777: it sticks!
dat ass
05i jsut feel its handier to have everything on the same place. maybe thats why eqd is so popular, it has everythign on the same place
04What about making the forums public
/me uses Invi-powers to enter lurkmode
pikorar: Now you know. :|
twilight_sprinkle: Huzzah!
13i'll use SRS as an example since the banlist is there
It's as flat as her chest.
04That way we'd ALL have a reason to go to the forums more often
O_(\
05,15It's still there, just all the way at the end, and I have my skype window small so I don't see it
twilight_sprinkle Who cares? Its for SCIENCE!!!!
11,01Part of the reason is because some of those topic links get cut off.
/me pokes GilDash
pikorar: You've learned more complicated math than me, but I know more physics? That's starnge...
CrimsonPhoenix, is she gonna do Derpy too?
9.81... Okay. I'll put that on my list of numbers and call it later.
pyrocatboy: this show is pseudoscience
BUTTCHEEKPEEP
At some point possibly
I guess Acleps.
1,11tinyurl.
/me boops Magical_pablez94
*poot*
Magical_pablez94: I don't have a gun. I'll just tape him to my chair. I'll make him sit in my chair and then quickly tape him to it. :P
i respect her more for this
Adam is getting off on this, isn't he?
EqD is popular because it was the first fanbased site
that's all
pyrocatboy: they make too many compromises to prove stuff anyway
pfffffft
XD
pikorar: interesting...
Adams tirade forced her fart
13http://tinypic.com/r/2uti8h3/6
:D
11,01I use URL shorteners.
04Let's stay off EqD
13there is a link in the SRS topic
Since when was there a female that enjoys working in engineering
13i do not see it
13ever
hehe Ty :3
10mfw GilDash tries to out-physics people by quoting G as 9.81, when we all know G=~6.674E-11N(m/kg)^2
toot
pikorar: SD? I haven't had to use that in *years*.
10;>
stop having a stupid connection skylands
XD
toot toot
-;
;-;
O.o
well of course you do, you're the same friggin species
NO you have to keep it in
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/pokmon-oh-god.jpg
GIRLS FART? :O IMPOSSIBRU
yeah, I would prefer to stay away from skype topics
RainBroDash: What? :S
13if we're going to need immediately usable links, then there's one place to put them
10My connection is fine
RainBroDash no that is g not G as far as i know
dey bleuw eet up reel gud
GilDash... Now you know where I'm coming from with science.
She had a microphone.. in her ass? o.o
1,11You know you can maximize the window, right?
10Blame Xanbreon
but going back to the question I asked before
KA-BOOOOOOOOOM! :D
seems legit
03try not using a bouncer derp
Airpuff: I was thinking that too :S
04Lol who maximizes Skype
Airpuff i approve
IN HER AASS
<@Caramel> can we make a tab on the main page that is only visible for us when we're logged in
04>convenience
05^
im back
bye Princess_Molestia
Bye bye Princess_Molestia :)
alexxm: i wanna see her take it out ;)
ERF
oh my god, there's so much comments on rainbow dash ponytail
FIYAH
YES!
13maximized skype is a horrifying waste of space
NOSTALGIA!
bye Princess_Molestia
10No u
AIR
YEAHHH
CHANGE IT BACK!
Avatar?
03I DON'T :P
Heart
NO MOAR SCIENCE
Servers connection is fine
HARMONY'
nostalgia attack HNNNNNNG
Avatar <3
blame NS's ZNc version
pikorar: I haven't been in school for *years* though. :D
Airpuff so do i
Aw its the old one :(
Damn... I was already excited for Mythbusters :(
13Caramel: theoretically, maybe
Awesome!
i guess discord started the war :P
GilDash: It shows.
Avatar already? It's only 4:01 PM
NOT AVATAR
NVM AVATAR WOOHOOOO
:$ AVATAAAAR
oh yeah moar avatar =D
13i am not certain you can set a menu item to private as you can with pages or posts
Eeeeeeeee1
avatar
LEGASP AVATARD
Irish_Pony: the old on e wasn't THAt bad
Princess_Molestia: lol
She uses old junk, dont ask me why
BURN IT
Sorry about that :$
twilight_sprinkle First they test the myth with all exact details of the myth. Then, when it fails, they try to replicate the results of the myth.
i might enjoysome korra but hell it's avatar.
GilDash: other G
Ponies47: no seriously talking just take that headset off from his head. turn off his computer the TV the xbox/ps3/every fucking stuff dat may distract him and start talking him seriously. he will listen to u. i'm sure he will. remember: never make he live this like a MUST. it have to be an his won choise to watch it. brony brother or non brony brother:D
04I say either we work to make the forums public, therein meaning that we'd all have a reason to be there every day or we come up with some other idea
/me grabs Invi and Airpuff " look avatards on"
MahBoi777: I just find the Avatars voice ANNOYING
10local gravitational field acceleration ('little' g) at the average surface of the earth=g=9.81. 'big' G is the Universal Gravitational Constant, as used in the law of universal gravitation and general relativity Invi + GilDash
GilDash: capital G is gravitational constant
What's up with all the text walls today?
/me giggles at Alicorn_Prince_Shane I
Oh Mah Shoe
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytRm_p03xSQ
GilDash: small g is for earth
The last time I learned anything about gravity was 7th grade, during my middle school physics class, since then I've had biology, chemistry, and 2 earth sciences.
Sumica, I finally got the whole series on my computer! It's awesome
I've seen it already!
RainBroDash: Okay, so I forgot how to capitilise. :D
RainBroDash: dat science wall
05sicne we want to have a public forum anyways
yay
/me 10is being pernickety about capital letters and you can't stop him
13honestly i think part of the onus falls on admins here, in that they are present in all groups and could easily compile a pastebin of important business from time to time
It's a long long way to Ba Sing Se.
08,01i've just been reading the backlog, and can i reiterate my point from earlier: forums are a *terrible* way of storing info. to store info, an ideal solution would be to make a wiki.
Pollution!
oh bumi
my eyes hurt :(
Ponies47: his_own*
*Persnickety.
pikorar: What's earth science? :O
dat sewer
13critical problem with a wiki, training in formatting
dat poo
RainBroDash: no youre right, we were wrong. we misquoted, and i feel ashamed.
if you could work this wiki idea a bit out
But the girls in the city, they look so Prettaaaaaaaay!
RainBroDash: Also, I did refer to it later as little g as my brain kicked into gear.
sewer sneaking
lol sokka
Ello Olly
/me wonders what persnickety means
/me heals CCCP eyes with magic
RainBroDash ok, then i swaped g and G accidently ^^
i'm interested in talking about it
howadoin
sokka gets covered in shit
Magical_pablez94: Yeah he's gonna kill kill me if I do that. :$
that right there is the story of my life
Magical_pablez94: yay! :3
lol sokka
cachi01: Fussy. Padantic.
04I'm not keen on a wiki, honestly...
05hmm
hello everypony
why does sokka get no respect
O_O
Acleps: Learning about the eco-system, the atmosphere, tectonics, etc.
we need something
08,01Shizuka: using something like dekiwiki or mediawiki, it can be done wysiwyg-ly
lol
A MONSTER
xD
Noms on Muffin0
one way or the other
easy for you katara, you're a water bender
GilDash: what does fussy and padantic mean xd
CCCP: *hugs you*feelin' better? :)
pentapus
05i'd like to see how it would work before i give a definite answer, but im happy to try out
pikorar: Oh... We have that in biology :)
08,01it'd be just as easy as posting on the wordpress
hey Muffin0 hows your day been
alexxm Because he Sokka
Magical_pablez94: yesh :)
awwww
baf
so mcute
how does he know what they are
Cutest things evar! :)
:3 so cute
Oh shit
they're sucking my face!
*bad
cachi01: Go and find a dictionery.
GilDash: whats a dictionary? :D
Ponies47: it's just an example... pretend to talk to him seriously, like if he was an adult. and he will listen to u.
GilDash: dictionary XD
lol
RUN BOI
08,01if you'd like to see how a wiki works for internal organisation on a real project, i can give you all a temporary read-only access account to the BUCK wiki
lol
that acting
04But wouldn't the wiki be public
13thing is, wordpress is using markdown, cause it's the easiest markup format that won't wipe out the tag overrides i needed on our pages
08,01Ghosties: no
GilDash: What is that magic? 6_9
cachi01: Sweetie Bell or Applebloom.
give him the oscar already!
13i think there are three people on staff that know markdown..
So many zombie references
dat sewar friend
alexxm: bad
04And yeah
evil hags
Gamer_Luna: Are you trying to muder me? Because thats way to adorable....
04You'd have to train everybody to use the wiki
GilDash: oooh that! thx :D
how come Muffin0
04So
dose rymes
05in fact this is out of my knowledgebase, ill stay quiet.
04That's something ELSE people would have to do
13i tried training for markdown
04It's all about convenience
13no one listened
my dog had a stoke and cant stand
11,02I personally don't see what's wrong with using the forums to share information. Although it's not used right now as often, if the topics are posted with a good name and posts added that give useful info are edited into the first post, it should all be fine.
azula has friends?
GilDash: lookslike i only have spanish dictionaries and my english dictionary is at school :l
11,01Train me for markdown.
08,01like having a wysiwyg editor, as i said
Muffin0 :(
more like... slaves
Luna, how are you.
Shoot!! When did this start!?!
aren't they more of aquantences?
/me hugs Muffin0 sorry to hear about that
K, not watching this, don't want to spoil myself second season :D
I didnt refresh D:
Irish_Pony: Oh you "Kisses cheek"
04I'm for the forum in all honesty
that bumi
pikorar: I prefer pentacles.
pikorar: thanks, now I kno
Gamer_Luna: is that cute but...hem...needs to be depixeled a bit?
Isn't the earth partly metal?
04We already have it, we already use it (albeit barely)
nah, more like people who have debts to pay to azula
emo girl is emo
Muffin0: oh im so sorry dude :(
Gamer_Luna: <3 *kisses back*
You cannot fathom the amount of fucks I do not give right now!
not friends
13i'd support a wiki but i see it getting as little use as the forums
08,01a forum is a really bad way of storing information, because when you want to look something up, you need to think temporaly
04Why do all the extra work to make a wiki
im still hoping she gets better but it dosnt look like it
Aw baby!
Magical_pablez94: Hmmm. Yeah he's 16. He's gotta start putting down the video games. He spends HOURS playing video games. I have this one plan to pony up his computer. Good thing I'm outta school already. He's not :)
>Pinkie's first word is "surprise".
RaveBrony: it just started don worry lol
You are bleak woman! xD
pikorar: Yes, yes I can. I worked in customer service for a year. :D
08,01it's horrible from a usability standpoint
until now
04Why do all the extra work to make a wiki
forum use dropped when the ban list went to the google doc
That...blew my mind in way too many ways
Hey look! It's Marvin's girlfriend!
MahBoi777: Asin, the start of the stream?
bleak woman is bleak
11,01That
08,01Ghosties: making a wiki would take like 30 minutes of set up max, and maybe a day of info population
did he take down that boulder with a wooden stick?
RaveBrony: no the start of Avatar
chat derped?
GilDash, is it true customer service people put people on hold just for fun?
no, with air
04You'd have to get people to train
1,11I use googledocs for schoolwork all the time.
http://i37.photobucket.com/albums/e100/wanderingwhimsy/PONY/QUOPONY.jpg damnit who is that pony, no tennis player i know has facial hair like that
no CCCP
Well, that game of L4D2 was...interesting.
/me hugs Alicorn_Prince_Shane .. "She is scaring me.." :'(
Ponies47: hey if someone is playing videogames let him play videogames!!! or else ur gamer anger system will activate and bad stuff happens
MahBoi777: Oh, ok. Yay! :) ty :3
13Ghosties: then the onus needs to be on you and the admins to keep up on the training
alexxm: i know now
08,01Ghosties: but there'd be no training! i just said twice it can use a wysiwyg system!
pikorar: No. We do it because we don't have authorisation, or because some of us are just really thick.
05never used a wiki in that manner before, sounds interesting
RaveBrony: no problem:)
*sigh* nothing ever happens.
Magical_pablez94: Yeah,I can't draw crap on MS paint :$
Well GilDash, I will be your customer. Now service me.
dat music
RaveBrony: /)
uh oh, aangs in trouble
08,01oh
that tai lee
08,01okay, maybe i should explain that
Iron_Edge: (\
Sumica: is this live too?
00,10and wtf is wysiwyg?
what you see is what you get
11,01What You See Is What You Get.
Ponies47: REMEMBER : DON'T GIVE THIS LIKE A MUST TO HIM. IT HAVE TO BE AN HIS OWN CHOICE!
08,01wysiwyg = what you see is what you get
freak!
pikorar: How may I help with your enquirey today?
cuck norris can do that with his hair!
Is this Twilight Sparkle?
yay
04...that sounds incredibly vague
08,01so you don't type tags or markdown, you click buttons
/me feels geekish :3
GilDash, yes I have a sexy problem I need to get worked out.
08,01like a word processor
All of the flexibility O_o
cachi01; Problem is he spends WAY to much time playing video games. He has never dated a girl and he's 16. I'm 14 and I've already danced with a girl :)
Gamer_Luna: btw is not that bad! at least i understood it was Irish_Pony :D
FUN FACT: the mods enjoy being called Sexy.
fuddy duddy = funny?
0,14seems like something super simple
I wanna date that girl! She is so ... jumpy! :)
08,01it shows you the format as you type
pinkie pie
13it is
and then. . .
08,01yup
0,14just type and go?
Pinker Pie.
pinker
Twilight what are you doing in Avatar?
08,01yup
oh look avatar
11,01Yep.
Magical_pablez94: So true :)
...
pikorar: GilDash isnt a Nurse silly
04So then we just say SO LONG! to forums
0,14works for me
04yeah
We have a WYSIWYG system at the Wiki at work. Nobody knows how to format the Wiki, but aside from advanced things, it's brainless to use.
04okay
Magical_pablez94: of course... :$
wordpress is WYSIWG right?
13wordpress is using markdown
tai lee = impersonation of pinkie pie
ahh
Airpuff: x that girl
13which is close to WYSIWYG
Ponies47: let him lol actually 16 is a very early age to start having a serious relation
Gamer_Luna: of course i had to...he shown his own OC something like 20000000000000 times... :D
well it's simple to use
pikorar: he?
/me blushes Thanks Alicorn_Prince_Shane :)
08,01okay, if admins/TLs want to see how we use the wiki for BUCK, pm me later
pikorar: Can you tell me the nature of your problem, sir?
FlareChaser: you like your OC? ^^
/me boops Airpuff " np"
/me hugs Alicorn_Prince_Shane
13normally wordpress would be WYSIWYG but that was incompatible with the style overrides necessary to make half the site work
O_O
Nothing, you jelly?
dang it bumi
Bumi consulted the magic conch
And then he did nothing. The end.
soo... King Sumi os like France?
08,01aye
Ponies47: plus i spend all day playing videogames and i already dance with a girl also lol
VioletGreySha: love iy! <3
08,01this'd be completely separate, thoguh
Dken2021_ you'll understand
/me sits on the ground showing no expression
/me waves Ima be right back! Cya later Gais :P
WHOA
00,10kinda sorta not realy
bye Airpuff
I would prefer using the forums, they are already up and running.. maybe some finetuning left and right
/me hugs alexxm
Bai alexxm :$
bai Airpuff
00,10he gave up so his people could be free
but we do not have re-invent the wheel
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: i made flares OC xD
bye Airpuff
Sumica: whos your favorite avatar character?
11,02Honestly, it sounds like a lot of effort ditching one system in favor of another.
Airpuff: See ya. ;)
there are more pressing matters
omg cool VioletGreySha
/me is lost in all the technobabble
Yeah cya all a bit later
GilDash: Yes, one of my wires seem to not be working, I think it needs some stimulation.
^^
:3
Sumica: You're sexy.
cachi01: True. He's so negative he say's he's never gonna have a girlfriend. I think he got mad when he found out I danced with a girl and she was really CUTE to. :$
Airpuff: Happy tuseday
ewwwww
08,01Luna: i disagree. a forum is a fundamentally unsuitable system for information storage and retrieval.
it's a plaque!
I just don't see how switching the medium will change people's willingness to use it
yay!
Airpuff i'm not leaving i thought you were
00,10Iroh and toph
put one of thoe=se things on your dick
STRUT
Dat old man.
/me wonder why this show didn't catch on in Japan.
04Forums would be better
And then they all died because penta pox is a real thing. The end.
04We're wasting resources on a wiki
hes good
pikorar: Okay sir. Have you tried restarting your system first?
because now instead of not checking the forums, people just wont check the wiki
xD
04Wasting training on a wiki
Sumica: very good choices
13but ghosties
04Just use the forums
13with a forum
04Why is that so difficult
Yes I did GilDash.
08,01Ghosties: resources? you mean the tech team working for a day getting it going?
13you have to think "when was X talked about"
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DiwPPlvtNOY
[1,0You0,4Tube]: Singachu: A Pikachu Song | by | Length: | Views: 196.674
04Timestamps
dat sick formation
04It's all there
Ponies47: seriously: i have a whiole summer vacation to make he change his mind. don't waste it with musts. they never work. didn't with me won't won't him. i know the kind of kid. almost as me. 2 years ago..
L4D time
13you're thinking in the wrong direction
ZOMBIES!
zombies?
dey drunk
ZOMBIES
OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo
thanks for the games guys
zombies
08,01exactly ^
THE PLAGUE, RUN AWAY RUN AWAY!
Ponies47: lol ooh so he is negative then uhmmm well just uhhmmm damn i dont know how to solve negativism lol
04We already have a system in place, why waste resources and time and training on something like a wiki
ZOMBIES OMGMOMOGMOMGOMGOMGOGMGOGM
Rombies
13if i think "i want to know about X" i first have to know when X was discussed
imagine if they started killing them
o_o
ZOMBie tiem
they be in truoble
ITS MIAMI!!!!!
xD
overkill XD
pikorar: I need you to go into your control pannel and tell me what ports you are having problems with, sir.
PLAGUE
ding ding ding
I like the amount of zombie comments :D
cachi01: Agreed :)
08,01Ghosties: there would be minimal training, and i'm not sure what "resources" you're talking about other than me and shizu's time
Erryday ahm pentapox.
no touchie
04It would be about as used as the forums
/me has pentapox
Starting a realtionship just for the sake of having a relationship is the worst thing one could do.
04We already have a system in place
little babby
11,02When the forums gets used to its full potential and actually checked regularly, then I'll be in favor of hearing how much better Wiki is than the forums. Right now, the forums aren't regularly posted on and checked. I'm almost certain a lot of our problems will solve themselves if people just use the forums on a daily basis.
04You're trading one thing for another
Magical_pablez94: Okie doki loki :)
http://derpy.me/g9MaW
Thi one is the last!Whoever replies to this first get's a free Art Request :)
indeed Alchemist
Flopsy is best pony.
/me decides to stay away from Om
thank you SB
D:
04Yes, thank you Super
Ponies47: promise me u won't.
sturdy wooden stick
FLOPPSIE
Gamer_Luna: Holla! :)
Ponies47: u know which kind of promise :D
08,01so how about killing two birds with one stone and setting up the wiki *and* making sure we use it more?
YIPYIP
04How about
Bronysith: Lol
Bumi is best king.
gentlemen if you excuse me i have to delete my browser history if you know what i mean
04Stay with me
dat baby
little babby :3
Magical_pablez94: Cross my heart hope to fly stick a cupcake in my eye :)
04YOU USE THE FORUMS MORE OFTEN
/me sickly moans because pentapox
FOOD
04...sorry
04But seriously
Gamer_Luna: i saw your jacki chan pic, its very nice :)
GilDash,what would you like me to draw? :)
08,01because forums suck
04Why do you want to switch out one thing for a system we already have in place
04Now that's just base
PARKOUR!
13Ghosties
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/pokmon-you-only-have-windows-im-way-ahead-of-you-i-got-windows.jpg
03LOL
13Bronystate 2.0
convient
hay Invi my dear =3
GilDash: None of my plug-and-play ports are working, my USB's.
and of course the toddler still lives
Gamer_Luna: ... I don't know now. :D
BABBY ADVENTURE 2
13we didn't need to go to wordpress
08,01it is, but it's basically the point i'm trying to get across
13we did
moin VioletGreySha :3
/me ruffles Ponies47's mane "that's exactly what i hoped to hear!"
:3
04We had decided on wordpress from the beginning, Shizuka
twilight_sprinkle: Thank you :)
alexxm: its anime what do u expect
08,01moving to a better system is better for everyone in the long run
pikorar: Can you tell me what your order number was, sir?
That fart noise.
VioletGreySha how is it going? ^^
04When we were in talks about 2.0 we wanted to do wordpress from before the new year
/me nuzzles Magical_pablez94
Magical_pablez94: Now I gotta go brush my mane agian :( IT'S ALRIGHT! :)
02*WB03(Skylands03)02WB* - <Skylands> 10Apparently I saved myself a memo last night titled "cake" and all it says is "I love it so much"
Yes GilDash, I think it was 0000069.
13but why spend effort on doing it when you could have stuck with the old site
04Yes
Bronysith anyone can die
inb4 death.
04Why spend effort on something that we don't need
alexxm: not the babies lol
pikorar: Okay... You ordered this from us 3 months ago, is that right?
04When we already have something that we can use
Invi: good good my mother sits behind me while i skype and drink energy drinks xD
13you're missing the point
the old site.. needed a new face / better backend structure
personally, I'd have to agree that forums are a horrible way to retrieve information
Set the net on fire.
Yes GilDash.
god azula
04I just don't understand
FIRE makes everything better
Invi: and you? :3
13why did we go to 2.0 rather than stick with the old site
/me ruffles alexxm 's mane too. ":)"
BRILLIANT
Azula is such a tool.
13because the new was a better more effective way
Gamer_Luna: I'd ask you to draw my OC, but I have no idea what she looks like. :D
08,01honestly ghosties, i'm not getting your argument here. shizu and i would set this up, we would use it, end of. no using up some finite resource, no work done really by anyone else other than us, and pretty much no training if we do it right
Hi everyone
Such a sadist
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/pokmon-keep-your-head-down2.jpg
release the hounds
04That's what you're saying in theory
allo ShiningArmor
Release the everything!
lol elephant
They're living in the olden ages... I had no idea they even regarded personal safety.
That's one awesome circus
elephantbear
hi ShiningArmor
hey ShiningArmor hows your day been
Meanwhile: the contrary actually, she was manipulating the girl into joining her
04The wiki doesn't seem to be the be all end all to our communication troubles
/me noms Ponies47's mane
BRB I gotta go brush my mane
13is 2.0 better than 1.0?
GilDash: I'll draw anything pony-related :)
hi ShiningArmor
Gamer_Luna: your OC is next on my list just for soem information ^^
OMG BABY
08,01it's better to use the right tools for the job than to use bad tools "just because they're there"
Boomy is the name of my mine turtle... *Explosion*
twilight_sprinkle: What a story Mark.
VioletGreySha I am just watching the stream ^^ my parents already sleep since 3 hours....
13^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
BABBY ADVENTURE 2
04Look at what I said, it does not seem to fix our communication trouble
dang it
OMASHU
Meanwhile: tell that to the writers
13we're tech, we know what we're doing
04It's not that
VioletGreySha: Yay! :)
Yes, because kidnapping is always a clever plot.
Invi: ^^
10http://bulk.destructoid.com/ul/23241-Kyubey.jpg
okay, how about this
twilight_sprinkle: I would but they, like me, don't really care.
08,01yeah, i agree ghostie
04You think it's better from a technical viewpoint
going back to what super said
pikorar: Right, well... We can arrange for a new shipment to be sent to you for next Tuesday. We will collect the old products from you at this time too, so please be prepared to return them to us.
the question should be "why aren't people using the forum", for me, it's because 1) nobody else is; and 2) forums are a pain to search through information
04But think about a communication perception
let's focus FOR NOW, on the not using it issue
they didn't even watch their son
08,01but what i'm saying is that while we're at it, we introduce this system so that it's easier to use for everyone
:O
pikorar: dat plot
once people start getting that act together
Azula did all that stuff so she could have that girl join her team
and USING the forums
lol wut?
let's open up the wiki discussion again
ShiningArmor: eeyup
Gamer_Luna: you know when I first met you, i thought you were an angel, but then I realized you were not an angel, you are a goddess...<3
stick
ye ShiningArmor
Yes GilDash, thank-you.
1,11I think Ghosties issue is that how will this work when we have more and more information to add and spread to the mod group?
04Work on a wiki, which means expending more work on a system that won't be used just like forums after six months
/me wacks sakka
Gamer_Luna: How about you draw my OC and you together. You have free reign as I've no idea what she looks like. :)
but for now, let's resolve the BIG issue
o hai ShiningArmor long time no see
give him your weapon, sokka
yeah, let him play with a weapon
hi ShiningArmor ! how 're ya? any good news?
EVIL BABEH
yes let the toddler play with the sword
YOU SO CUUTE
04None of you are seeing the big point
/me 11,01sees that this is going nowhere
04Explain to me
Hitler was a baby once.
omg birdy
It does.
pikorar: Is there anything else I can help you with today, sir?
But he always had the mustache.
oh wo wo cewt
Hitler was a BABY!?
04How in the world will one means of medium work better than another when everything boils down to convenience
NO WAI
03http://artoftrolling.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/internet-troll-untitled31.jpg
03:ED
04And
03*:D
04We already have a system in place
0,14low risk/high potential reward works for me
04It's already active
i thought he came right out of hell as an adult
GilDash: No sir, just put me on hold for the rest of the day. I like the music.
nah, hitler was born with a moustache and his uniform
04Saxy
Irish_Pony: that's saccharine...
04You would be for BronyNation then
ShiningArmor: ikr
11,02I'm all in favor of making the forums more active for now and then if it continues to be a problem, we'll consider going to the Wiki option.
08,01Ghosties: wiht all due respect, i'm not sure how much you can comment on the "work" that needs to be done setting it up, when me and shizu know exactly how much work will be expended on this, and have taken that into account
twilight_sprinkle: and teh heil salute
:P
NEIN
YAY
don't jinx it
TRAP!
DEATH!
Irish_Pony: You are the sweetest guy ever.I love you,my shining armor <3
Bronysith: ye lul
Fegelein!
@Saxy what do you think about all the items that need to be copied over?
Hitler ALMOST became an Artitst... and ALMOST an architect... but the unversitys refuses... i would have reatced the same way
bad joke?
huuuugs
baby hitler always hated juice.
emo girl is sooo emo
0,14copy + paste?
hey, Babies arn't evil, it is what they experience that defines their future actions
04But it just feels like you're swithcing out one gamble for another
lol
Sure, go to the fire nation to die.
LOL i thought she said Kill me in
GilDash: So,I can make you an OC free hand?
goodluck with that
pikorar: I'm afraid we don't have a switchboard, sir. I cannot put you on hold.
"I have a good feeling about this."= everything will go wrong
tried that for the BS2.0 launch
you came to omashu at a difficult time, at noon!
Ryunosuke there is a difference between emo and depressed
08,01Ghosties: there are two separate issues here. one of usage, and one of tooling
Gamer_Luna: You've got free reign. Just keep in mind she's one hell of a flirt. ;)
05im willing to give the wiki a go
Hitler was angry as a little kid, when he learned that juice could not be burned, because he hated juice.
Omg shes like rarity
hen3ry he liked really concentraited jouce
only much more evil and bossy
GilDash: You don't say?
04No
04It's communication
08,01i'm not saying using a wiki will fix the usage, but it *will* fix the tooling
05and worst case ghosties can say "told you so"
New Ozai? Bad name :)
GilDash: I can work with that ;)
04Look at this from a team player position, not a tech one
Well then, GilDash, just sing to me.
08,01Ghosties: yes, and that encompasses both those problems
lol
team rocket
OMG i thought that was a pig o-o
hai bumi!
shits about to get srs
Gamer_Luna: Who needs armor when all I need is a steel heart that you create....<3
HI EVERYBODEHH
Hi doctor nick!
hey bumi
0,14also, that doesn't mean I support BronyNation, that's more like high risk/mid potential reward
hi Thorn
HAI Thorn
bumi got swwag
04You're talking about it from a technical viewpoint though, prove to me that a wiki would be better than a forum
hi Thorn
thornberry*
04Because I honestly see the wiki dying in less than half a year
:3
Well that's nice.
BYE BYE
04It'll end up just like the forums
hi Thorn
Dat king :D
bye ShiningArmor
bai Bumi
04Where we start and then stop
hey Thorn hows your day been
00,10I am confused. They are saying they will do the work yes?
Im not leaving
BUMI SWAG
that bumi
good.
13Ghosties: i want to know about trilogy events, i currently have to wade through a time-based forum to find a thread that might be relevant to it
pikorar: I'm sorry sir, but I have other customers to deal with. If there is nothing else I can help you with I really must be going.
08,01Ghosties: it's better because information remains canonical, from any source, without having to think temporally
04We have an idea and then it stops because we get bored and just go back to skype
i said bye bye because bumi left o-o
13compare
Aang says fuck yo shit.
been makin a homestuck rp.
13i want to know about trilogy events, it's there on the front page because it's a current thing
this is awesome!
i hope hes bending to fly up like that
Litwick: eeeyup
Irish_Pony: You have a way with words,my love. <3
lol bumi
Back. With my mane all brushed and neat :)
omg dat son of a bitch
bumi is best derpy
Bumi is best king.
Ice Ice Baby
Gamer_Luna: <3
Freeze baby Freeze
GilDash: But the stuff leftover after the water is evaporated is not juice.
FALCON PAWNCH
Who doesnt fucking love bumi/
curses, floor hands!
FINAL FUCKING LI
...to teh foot
WHITE CELESTIA
badass
FINALLY
Irish_Pony: I <3 you
Irish_Pony: i need ur OC image right now, ni jking please post it to me
04You're not going to change my opinion on this, the forum is just a much more convenient means because we already have it. If you want to do a wiki, fine, but I foresee it dying inevitably
0,14and given the fact that it's word processor easy, I don't think we need to worry about training
PWNED
pikorar: It's the pigments/flavourings...
04It'll wind up just like forums
04Dead
HAND TO THE FOOT
no*
04And because then we'll be back here
08,01Ghosties: that's a separate issue; the usage issue. as i said, what i'm talking about with the wiki won't fix that. but while we fix that by saysing "use this more", we also put in a more usable system
04Saying
But GilDash... It's not juice.
how does water trip one?
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
so the kid became part of the resitance
13how about this
Aang when azula jumped: O FUCK
04"Oh, wiki is dead, well, let's try something else"
13we make wiki
Gamer_Luna: I <3 you
pikorar: No. So the juice... has been destroyed. ;)
FINALLY A WHITE CELESTIA TOY
-------------------------------------------
08,01Ghosties: you're not getting the point
WEEEEEEEEEE
13we fill the wiki with stuff
wheeee
that wud be fun
13we point at the wiki and the forums
yay! :)
Cart surfing
13and ask "which one is more useful"
FTW
13THEN
13we decide which to keep
Cities with giant slides? I wish I could live there! :)
---------------------------------------------BAM--------------------------------------------
back on topic
pikorar: Furtheemore, whilst fire can't "burn" juice, it can destroy it. :)
Minecraft should be like this
08,01it's not about tryign a wiki to fix the usage problem, it's about using an appropriate tool and implementing a policy of usage
YES
04We were already on topic, Kirz -_-
CRASH INTO TEH CABAGE MAN
Well GilDash, that's all fine and dandy, but hitler was more of an "all at once" sort of guy.
05besides having a wiki will all the guides and ban lists and fuck all seems like a good idea anyways
why was the city bulit like this
MY CABBAGES!
alexxm: for transportation
JUICE CAN EVAPORATE ^_^
04It's about apathy and convenience
Hitler loved to concentrate his juice before he burned it. See what I did there?
Egad! she can duck
a white celestia toy that turns pink *hasbro trollface*
pwned
thanks Bronysith
13the forum ban list failed because you either had to get one person to update the first topic, or read everything to find something relevant
DOUBLE PWNED
TRIPLE PWN
04Convenience and communication
08,01yes, and using a wiki will fix the latter of those two, ghosties
hope i didn't misspell that
04That's what you say
o.o
chi blockage
ULTIMATE PWN!!!!!!!!!!!!!
08,01the convenience, i mean
13you don't believe us?
APPA TO THE RESCUE
04You can do it, go ahead
PRESSURE POINT!
Is this lagging for anyone else?
Damn! :D
04I just don't think it'll work
yay came just in time for avatar
Dat tail.
04I just foresee it dying
pikorar: Amongst his greater failings.
Chi block Appa I dare you
pony_9996: not for me
kapow
EPIC! :O
04And then we'll be trying to find another excuse to use for failed communication
you know sokka is actully pretty badass
shet
FAIL
04Pardon my bitterness
all I care about is the using it issue getting resolved
FAIL! :O
Where's cabbage guy when you need him?
Like his hairstyle, GilDash.
as far as forums or wiki goes, I could care less
Fire Saw
alexxm badass normal
00,10chin bending
so long as we use it, I'm happy
alexxm: mostly for goods like fruit and clothing
e
How's the old man still alive?
um.. dat plot
SHIIIIIIITTTTT
THE CRIMSON CHIIIIN!
manly chin
08,01Ghosties: as the organiser of a large event, large society commities, and of large software projects in the past, i can say with some amount of authority that a wiki will be a better solution than a forum
thanks Bronysith
Where is cabbage guy? This would be perfect right about now :'(
Like a Bumi
04Go ahead
pikorar: Where have I heard that before?
DAMMIT OLD GUY
that bumi
Meanwhile: Yes!
gin
Earth bending is rendered useless on other planets...
13k, that's resolved
well techinaccaly there are 85!
13next item
04I don't like the idea of a wiki, but if it works then hey you can tell me "I told you so"
/me explodes
BAD BUMI! :[
jing
pikorar :p
xD
85 o_o
i know Dken2021_
Technically 85.
85? dayum
08,01okay
hahah
I am well verse it 42 and 19
08,01that seem amicable
old bumi is troll
85!
Bumi is such a boss.
85 lol
pikorar: I think there were worse failures then his hairstyle...
85? DAYUMMM
Aceleps: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t348e24vDyA
Ok what did I miss...wow who is the weird old guy.
Actually, Air and Earth bending are worthless on other planets.
bought me a celestia doll
BLA BLA BLA
i thought neutral jing was achieved by balancing out attack and defense?
U like number Jin34
Thorn: bad move
ITS THE BLIND GIRLA
11,01Whatever we use, make an incentive to use it.
Obviously, GilDash, but I like to start from the bottom up.
ITS THE BLIND GIRL
^
BLIND GURL
AH HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Dat Bumi.
wheeeeee *snort snort*
GURL YOU BLIND
HAHAHAHAHAHA
He is now a coffin.
Oh that Bumi
Dat Appa
SWAG
:O
-_(\
pikorar: His head would be at the top, silly. :p
SEXY BITCHES O-O
BACKWARDS SLIDING.
ShiningArmor: SOMEPONYS HERE HAVNT SEEN THE SERIES SO NO SPOILERS
FORESHADOWING
may x zuko'
LIKE A BAWSE.
SWAG <- Dumbest word ever :|
1,11^
^
:)
SWAG
o.o
ShiningArmor: can you quit it, because i have actually never seen the entire series -_-
Dat precious moment.
SWAG
Swag.
FUCK YEA
oh fine SPOILER ALERT* AANG IS THE AVATAR
Ponies47: :{
TOMTOM:D dat GPS
cat groooove
SWAG
tomtom is best satnav
SWAG
Ponies47: *:[
that pinkie
SWAG
PINKIE.MP4
woo
05good shit
MANE6.MP4?
Dat rainbowdash
Crush, Kill, Destroy SWAG
sup Wrek
Pony commercials? That's something I like to see
Dat luna
and some minor chat lagitors
Dat celestia
6_9
Dat pinkie
/) Wrek
OO
Acleps: hell yea
fuck you i do what i want
O (squee) WHAT HAVE I DONE?!? :O
04<Nittany_Discord> Whatever we use, make an incentive to use it. <-- You know...we could just do forums
Dat Solo
04But, you know, wiki is more convenient
04So
04Whatever
gtg
I like this song
GALALALALALA
moo
OH GOD THERES MORE SONG? :O
dat trombone
11,01Whatever we use...
13moving
This is awesome. Your argument is invalid.
13on
PINKIE
ponies are good
Pinkie ftw
cachi01: the full song is like 6 mins
Woo!
O-O
trrrrrrrrrrrixie
bitch
wut
Marx: we are bronies. all arguments are invalid
THE PONY FROM HELL
04Yes, moving on
this is new
What? O.o
Trixie
wtf?????
hey Meanwhile its your waifu
Love this song.
Is this new????
living tombstone!!
Meanwhile your lvoer is here!
Die.
:o
Meanwhile: Looks its your wife
:D
there is a PMV of this?
Chrysalis: wats waifu again?
ALL OF YOU
Die
Magic *snort* *snort*
THE PONY FROM HELL IS TRIXIE
Lol Meanwhile
Never seen this! O.O
Meanwhile: ???
CHAT DERP HOLD ON! :O
ignore trixie and thelivingtombstone and watch the background
throughout the video
dat plot
04We're finished with Sumica...right?
Ah I hate Trikie
magics
What am I watching?
dat magic
I WUUUUUUUUUB TRIXIE!!!!!!!!!!
Dat REAL MAGIC
i love trixie
I hate Trixie.
i remember a fanfic where trixie is to blame for Twilight Sparkle's death :'(
That's better :)
0,5After a half hour, yes
you dubstep trixie?
Trixie's a twat.
It's real fake!
trixie is my 3rd fav pony
04Yay
04Now
......................................................................
04Slurry
Meanwhile: lol i love your sarcasim!
........................................................
04But he's not here
04So
close enough
Angel is not amused
0,5He has a pastebin
Meanwhile: Eh, love and tolerance right?
..................................................................
04We'll have to yeah
Meanwhile: Love and tollerate mang
.................................................................
DOUBLE LYRA
Dat spam
:D dat jumping
I hate that phrase.
angel is not impressed with your shennigans
2 lyras
Angel is so mean :'(
Love and tolerate my fist.
ISEE DOUBLE LYRA AND BON BON
you're not LYRA
Dat Sethisto... :D
love or hate trixie you need to admit, this is very well done
changlings
0,5http://pastebin.com/x0ccg7E8
0,5^Slurry's topics
gaiz Meanwhile is just acting, he wubs trixie actually
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: very
Shut up twilight_sprinkle.
madame flour too lol
Magic *snort* *snort*
^
good eye cachi01: contiue watching the background throughout the video
Meanwhile embrace it u know u want to
ok this song is kindaa uhmmm lame?
04He started on BronyCon
REAL :| MAGIC!
lol
cachi01: yup
04copypasting
:o
041 Now, one thing I see as in issue at this current time is BronyCon. We were given passes to go to the convention, but I have not seen any word of what hotel or what times or basically any of that important stuff. In order to even get there, we have to know what time and how many nights we get to have the hotel. Additionally, since a few of our teammates are going to meetup at BronyCon,
4shouldn't we have at least a little something planned, like a stream of the event or a group local multiplayer gaming stream, etc? Please give more information and ideas.
CCCP I'm gonna embrace your face with a concrete block.
O:
voodoo? lol
6_9
dat tarot
TWILIGT!
Poor Twilight :'(
"Voodoo" ;)
i just realized my three fav ponies are all unicorns
SHE PUT A NEEDLE UP HER ASS
Meanwhile: aww thats soo nice
xD dat pine eating (EQI)
_
I like this song
now carrot top is watching at bon bon getting mad with one of the lyras
twilights butt is probably bleading
FULLFLE PUFF
FLUFFY! :O
DAT FLUFFY PONY
04We already know what days we have the room from
as far as streaming is concerned
fluffy
FLUFFY
Dat background Fluffle Puff.
twilight_sprinkle: My three favs are all pegasi...
<_<
13re that, i've been under the assumption that those of you going knew important things like what hotel and what nights
dat puppet is scary as hell
FLLLUUFFFYYY
fluff puff in the back XD
Bleeding
if the bronycon people want to record something to get together, that's fine
MAGIC
MAGIC!
dat PMV is good
but we dont have the means to livestream it
11,01Where are we staying exactly?
My 3 ponies are all earth ponies
SNORT SNORT
Nice animation.
ShiningArmor: been there done that\
there's flam in the background, and he's a bum
REAL MAGIC
This is so hilarious
My little pony Evil is magic
13dcd did something with his phone through ustream
Real magic *snort* *snort*
then came Mr. Bean
nice animation lame song IMO
13would be trivial to embed that
04I believe it's the Mariot
derpy
Is this melody from somewhere else? It seems really familirr
DERPY!!!!!!!!!!!
DERPY!
derp!
Derpy <3
ii actually like the song
D':
Poor Derpy D:
oh noes
This osng is ok
ded
xD
Oh noes!
she ded
*song
if that's the case
then talk to DCD
Hi Derpy.
lol
did trixie kill derpy
and see if you can set it up
FIAH
ERF
DERPY :'(
ME
yay
dont worry she respawns!
PERRI AIR
Tombestone's music does have a specific meledoy to it
yay
Meanwhile: did you love that?
05,15Mariot or Hyatt, cause the Hyatt that I'm staying at is like, right next to the convention center
honestly, if the bronycon people want to do something, then they need to organize it
<3 Derpy Hooves
CCCP: course he did!
Best kids show ever right here
CCCP: I hated it.
ATTACK
I would love to see some impressions
Derpy<3
Meanwhile: riiiiiiite
twilight_sprinkle: ikr!
Who doesn't wub Derpy?
Pony harmony > tribe harmony
ME
Ponies47: ikr
Meanwhile: sure u did
http://derpy.me/VZQJ5
so if somepony could take a recorder with him/her
Ponies47: Evils
WEEEEEEE
http://derpy.me/g9MaW
Bronysith: eeyup
you would have my neverending thanks ;)
MahBoi777: yup and thats official
Pinkies4thWall: EVIL! :O
this episode FREAKY
lol
00,03Soooo.... Bronycon skype group?
MahBoi777: it was on firefoxes fb page
11,01I've got a camcorder Luna.
MahBoi777: oh firefx pony already released? it looks nice
I'm not evil
elbow leeches =/
do it Nitt
HOBO'S
:)
twilight_sprinkle: niiice
Spare coins for the hobo.
11,01It's not great, but it works.
oh this the day in the limelight episode?
=/
ROYALTY?! HOBO ROYALTY?!
OMG HOT CHICK
Dat old man.
ping
:D
1,11I *was* planning on going, but I don't have the money for it.
swag
Iroh u stud
0,14so who again is getting the free passes? I think someone mentioned it was going to be discussed here...?
Deleted_dreams: kinda like that viva la vida song
Meanwhile: is dat you in 100 years?
11,01I bet EFR will livestream again.
GOWLD
Spare change for Ponies47 please? :'(
Cuddles with Irish_Pony
GOLD
iroh is best hobo king
/me hugs RavageXeno
Bronysith: Probably.
:D
Lol
good guy hiro
11,02That was the plan Scoot-Scootaloo, but going to start it up in about a week or two when we get closer to the event.
04Slurry, Scoot, Nitt
04Um
dat singing
LOL HIS GIANT MOUTH
Meanwhile: teach me how to firebend then
*iroh
OMG GOOOOOLD nah i want diamond
Dat singing, lol
PREETAYY
04flutter?
lol
Iroh is best pony
/me hugs CCCP
o_o
no waiting
snap
do it now
dat singing
twilight_sprinkle: Yeah
/me cuddles Gamer_Luna back <3
no sense in waiting
o.o
05,15I'm not getting the free pass.
/me nuzzles alexxm :3 :D
dance puppets dance
set it up after this meeting
and plan it
That seems really dangerous
Dinner
going back to what sumica said
DINNER
he happy :)
11,02Alright then.
we dont want to plan things at the last minute
Lol!!
wat?
Bronysith: Focus on your breathing.
Dat...kind man?
Hmm... i wonder whats for DINNER
Aint even mad
/me house burns down
:D
11,02Well, that wasn't going to happen
I wonder what's dinner?
YOU TRIED TO CUT OFF HIS FEET! KIND?!
Iroh is best Fire troll
Meanwhile: it didnt work
ShiningArmor tonight. . . you
such a kind man xd
ShiningArmour horse meat
Meanwhile: my house exploded
Bronysith: You learn focus.
Pinkies4thWall why troll?
OMG HEAVEN IS IN THE SWAMP
forest smoke, dont breath it!
00,03But who are getting the free passes?
the swamp?
he be tripping
ShiningArmor: how was Cadence last night lawl
11,02We're about a month in advance of the event now, seems like a long time beforehand to really plan much. However, it couldn't hurt to at least setup the group.
Gamer_Luna: Have I told you how much I love your eyes? <3
04I know Scoot, Slurry, Super, Nitt, and myself
04I think
0,14because I remember when that first came up, I said I was interested, but no one ever got back to me about that
Do you really wanna no Shane?
0_(\
04I know for sure Scoot and Slurry and Nitt and Super
FOOOD
is the face stealer in this episode
04So yeah, there were five tickets
alexxm: no
04But I won't be able to go
damn g2g later everyone
ShiningArmor: i do but i dont think it would be appropiate for Bstate
alexxm: thats from last season
it might be a prank caller
thanks Bronysith
04Because I won't have the money for plane fare
what book is this?
Tell me Shane
seeya MahBoi777
bye swamp!
Irish_Pony: Have I told you how much I love you?
TORNADO POWA
bai MahBoi777
SWAMP RAGE
^
DO A BARREL ROLL
http://derpy.me/AStN6
Gamer_Luna: Maybe...maybe not....<3
Bye bye MahBoi777 :)
cachi01: try a summersault
11,01My only variable is travel costs.
dont die!
04So then
Shane make a chat channel thing
Swamp wants a hug and by gum it's going to get it.
Youre going to LOVE ME!!! :[ rofl :D
PRESS B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B
04Nitt, I'd suggest you find out whether or not you can go
05,15Take a train, that's what I'm doing and it's cheaper than flying
defy gravity like a bau5
00,03 I also heard Violet was going, true?
DO A BARREL ROLL!
04No
ded
wouldn't that kill them?
11,01I can drive.
They went to heaven
ikr?
Kyiko: It's a cartoon...
WHERE WHERE!?
04Because she wanted an extra room and when we asked Jarek, the con organizer, he said "lol, she doesn't know how cons work" or some shit
Lol
Elbow leech on your...leg?
ShiningArmor: dat ass
-_^
killjoy XD
11,01:/
that sokka
it was complete bullshit, i will add
heres JOHNNY
04Yeah, I know
Irish_Pony: Well,yesterday I was counting the stars as 1 thing I loved about you,and then I ran out of stars <3
AWWWWW
This can only end well.
APPA NOOOO
it's common courtesy to separate men and women
04He's a douche in my opinion
Meanwhile: Nah, it's blatently on your head, dude.
11,01That is douchey.
oh
00,03Yeah, but I was going to give her shelter, since I won't be staying at the room
ShiningArmor: cadence told me about ur adventures
11,02fluttercry, you're coming on the trip, right?
ooof.
Ganga fram
GilDash: Of course!
I'm going to bed, got school tomorow
02http://wii.ign.com/articles/122/1224295p1.html
poor appa
04Well then she'd have to find a way to get over to the States again
Bye everypony
Can people invite people to other channels?
KNOIF
this swamp is Ristvak'baen
bye AlienEd27
night AlienEd27
AlienEd27: cya
04flutter said he didn't get the free pass
Meanwhile: You're getting confused with the Knee Leach. :)
bya AlienEd27
I swing my machete back and forth
swing ur machete beyatch
bye AlienEd27
02that would be pretty awesome :P
04And Scoot
1,11Unless someone has a way of picking me up and getting me there, I can't go. A greyhound bus to the con is $180, and I can't afford that.
05,15Yes I am, I already had paid for everything by the time all this was brought up.
Night night AlienEd27 :)
it's an scp
04She wanted a room of her own
ShiningArmor: ye u do /invite (insert name) #(name of room)
Ristvak'baen
Sokka is best numbskull
sokka swings his matchete back and fort
I swing my machete back and forth, I swing my...
see you all tomorow :)
Gamer_Luna: I would have done the same thing...but I got mixed up between the stars and your eyes....
dat ass
<3
Bam
ouch
pwned
dat tail
XD
Well if I would have joined the festivities.. I wanted a girls only room..
00,03It was short notice, I apolpgize :/
that thing is a club and a blade rolled onto one... AND THEY GAVE IT TO A BABY!
uhh momo, it doesnt work the other way around ;)
1,11Especially if I'm paying for my own ticket as well.
The color theme changed quite a bit
04It's fine
dat scream
lol
O-O
God damn birds.
BANSHEE CHICKEN
04Well
That bird is amazing
pikorar: Oh no... not arithmethic sequences... :O
so yea I love you all.. but well i'm sure you understand
04If someone wants my ticket
hey pikorar what have you been up to
dem screamer birds
FUCKIN BIRDS MAN
wasn't one of those birds in teen titans?
Lol!! :D
Hey hey hey pikorar the what of what now? 6_9
alexxm: I just said.
pikorar: I understoon nothing you said.
Irish_Pony: Oh you."Licks"
wb pikorar /):3:(\
04I can switch it over to whoever wants it
oops
Pajaro: why would u fuck birds?
STALKER
pikorar: :D
-_-
Oh shit son
Ohhh this episode. Where they get lost in the forest right?
Gamer_Luna: <3 *Kisses*
thats new
Kyiko turn back
Bronysith: pajaro means bird in spanish lol
It's the sigma constant of f * m/n.
tuurn baaacck
CCCP: u got flutter on your face
11,01About my only reasons to go are A: Meet Bronystate staff and B: Do something for the site.
das right
rawr
Om: i do??!
appa: "SHAAADAAAAAAAAP"
Airbison for STFU
11,01I'm not really a convention person.
00,03If no one wants it, Ty, I'd like to speak with you about that later
cachi01: sry i dont talk moon speak
1,11Same here.
lol
rape
Or simply put the median of two number times another number divided by the amount of numbers in the set.
00,10inb4 rape jokes
CCCP: yup
:O
ive seen enough hentai to know where this is going
00,10or not
Seen enough hentai to know where this is going.
Petrified_Discord: Hai
TENTACLE RAPE
I don't like where this is going...
Sumica: to late B)
lol
04Would anyone like my ticket? Speak now, please
|Discord|: ohai
Om: yay
I've seen enough hentai...
0,14I would
05this reminds me of that movie
Swamp used vine whip!
0,5I would go... if I could
05where the trees raep
lol
Wrek: evil dead?
CCCP: lol
05aye
dat bondage
04Alright, then I guess Saxy will get it
Wrek: ahhhhh
Cottenball:Um hello?
Wrek: Evil Dead?
0,14thanks a lot
0,5Life prevents me from going at this time
Evil Dead tree rape. That was just weird.
Wrek: I remember that movie
No no no grass is resistant to water Katara! :|
I've seen enough hentai and still don't know where this is going
He already said aye.
WEEEEEEE!
air is op
the night of the rapist trees
oh
I'm almost sure that there has been an "adult" version made of this episode :)
hello?
CAJUNS?!?!
i didn't see pikorar
o.o
The Happening 2: The Revenge
GREENNECKS!
00,03kk
swampbillies
Biggens
04It's no problem, Saxy
Oh boy. These guys. :/
those hillbillies
ShiningArmor: x Cadence
YOU
Dinner :o
Vordox: Lol!! :D
I wonder what's for dinner.
0,5Some people (few, but some) actually have wondered why I can't go. Main reason is my parents wont let a complete stranger (to them) drive me across the northeast.
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: x that guy over there
His name is in blood red, like the blood of my enemies. How could you not see it?
Bronysith: x Princess_Molestia
O.o
yay :)
Nom :3
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: TY!!!
=/
Appa, its what's for dinner
lol Bronysith
lol^
pikorar: There was too much blood.
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: how did you know i love her?
11,01And your parents don't know you're a brony, so they definitely won't drive you there.
0,5Can't go myself cause I don't have a car yet. Also, my mom doesn't know I'm a brony and she will obviously ask me where I'm headed.
interior crocodile alligator
1,11I can't go because I can't afford the travel, not to mention I have family commitments for the 4th of july that I think would get screwed because of it.
Bronysith: I wonder. :D
05understandable
trollling swamp
03bbl shower
Hallucination...
Bronysith: its obv u 2 are the same people
Her mom was a tree?
Why would you even think that?
00,10daum nature, you doushbag
0,5My dad knows, but not my mother.
tree
NOPE... CHUCK TESTA
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: wat?
D:
OH just fluttershy
Princess_Molestia: am i you?
And then Katara's mom was Fluttershy
Bronysith: nuthin <_< >_>
that's better than "my parents dont want me hanging out with pedophiles:
Are they on Dagobah or something?
what?!
Don't be mean to the sswamp
Sweetie Belle: "DUMB VINES!"
:P
ACHUUUUUCK ANORRRRRIS! :P
11,01If I get some promised money, I'll have zero trouble paying for the trip.
:D
/me has twizzlers
The tentacly sexy nature is my favorite form of nature.
mmmmmm muddy water
What kind of question is that?
nope
/me the puff has been doubled!
0_o his gf
Cottencandy:Uh hello? Am i welcomed?
or yep
CLOCK IT TICKING!
You must go to the degobah system!
Princess_Molestia: Alicorn_Prince_Shane thinks we are the same person?
11,01Right now, I can at least save.
/me grabs Airpuff " o hai"
OH JEEZ
*IS
Yue or Yahweh?
all details that can be ironed out by the people going to the con
Hai :$
boom like a boss
hallo
Yue
Finished walkin the dog -.-
......really? your joking right?
foreshadowing
1,11Okay, so, head count...
nomnomnomnom
when pigs fly
'Sup ghost Toph.
What was that flying thing?
CHASE THAT CHILD
Creepy girl.
how'd that go Airpuff
Airpuff: As long as you don't try walking me with a leash... :D
Cottencandy:I'm diffrent...........
1,11ONLY THOSE WHO ARE GOING TO THE CON, SAY SO NOW
:'(
05adn to make it clear, i want pictures of my happy brony friends
11,01Me.
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: is probably trolling us prince-lemon
00,03I am
11,02Aye
Princess_Molestia: i mean
05,15Me
Dem swamp folk.
GilDash: What if i do? ;)
Bronysith: nice
00,03Slurry I think so
alexxm: pretty alright i guess :P
dem leemu
Lemu :D
Leemoo
Now,if you dint mind, me and Tax are in the middle of somthing..
leeemu
0,14Me
11,02Yeah, Slurry is away right now I believe.
He's gonna miss nintendo direct :s
Possum chicken
Possum Chicken?
Oh no! Red necks! I
lemu:D
possumchicken
Chicken!
11,01Slurry had something come up.
1,11So five of the staff. Not bad.
possum scootaloo
rednecks
LOL
Airpuff: There will be consequences. :)
04Six
Swamp people
swamp style
Cottencandy: Trolls?
wait waaa?
Back for a while, everypony
XD
Princess_Molestia: Who's Tax? ;)
04Huh
GilDash: I dont know wether or not that is bad :$
/me puts a leash on GilDash
so thats how boats work in minecraft
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: mudmen
My God... Rednecks... It's worse than I ever could've imagined.
hi Dark92Enigma :D
03implying I care
Wow... I wasn't expecting human propellors :D
dat girl
sup Dark92Enigma!
alexxm: 6_9
wow
1,11oh yeah. Six. my bad.
whoA!!!!!!
SWAG
rape
alexxm: Oh, you did not just do that? ;)
04Nitt, Scoot, Super, flutter, slurry, and Saxy
04Yeah
OH MY GOD
NOW KISS
and suddenly that vision of Toph...
Excuuuuuuuuuuuse me princess
hey Dark92Enigma hows your day been
00,10this ep needs more banjos
SOME GIRL
pikorar: At least they don't have a redneck accent :P
IN A DRESS
Sumica: eeeeeeeeeeeeup
10http://newsbusters.org/blogs/lauren-thompson/2012/04/10/youtube-new-channels-cater-lefties <- Ew
GilDash i was just messing with you
Tea party?
:(
They kind of do, Acleps...
Sumica: it needs moar bacon
04Okay, let's move on to his next point
Gamer_Luna: nice
/me flee
Goddamn troll swamp.
00,10and pigs in overals
MY PLANET NEEDS ME!!!!!!!!~
MORE BANJOS! :D
Sumica: and blunderpusses
Cottencandy: Tea parties?
042 Next, I noticed we still have not done much concerning that "Downloads/Community Projects" section I proposed a few weeks ago. This would allow us to get more acquainted with other members of the fandom. We could review and backup any willing participants in this program. Some people and projects already in line for review and post are Flaria's cursors, MrEvergreen's pony game, and
4possibly some custom Desktop Ponies of our staff members' OCs created by a small group of people whom I have met: Flaria (known for making cursors) or Vordox (a spriter for 10 years, the creator of a current custom Desktop pony of one of our staff members, and the one who gave me the idea to create more Desktop ponies in the future) or one of herospirit's friends (works on making sprites of
4Pony Emblem, a crossover of Ponies and Fire Emblem). I'd like to see more thought put into something like this in the future.
1,11You all get some way to keep in touch with each other and plan the trip out. Take pictures, get a video or something, or stream if you want. That said, next point.
00,10trust in the heart of the swamp
Sumica: needs seapony lyra
Its Harold!
whoa. tree
Gamer_Luna: Thank you. <4
Gamer_Luna: <3
Its like the heart of the cards
Sumica: super special awesome swamp
Use the treephone
YAY
13a downloads page would be trivial to implement, but you would want enough content on it to make it look like it belongs
Acleps: Um... Then you should talk to my redneck friends.
the force
03and to keep "family" in their name
03for as long as the channel exists
GilDash: Welcome :)
AAAAAAAAAAAAAH
GilDash i was just messing with you
Pajaro: what about the force?
alexxm good so far, thanks.......you heard about Orton, right? Word is that two more WWE superstars might have failed the wellnes policy
swamp thing!
My mother can use youtube now
13having just flaria's cursors would look a bit sparse, or worse
03I was a bit surprised to see some random religious speaker after watching Harry Potter
alexxm: I'll be messing with you... ;)
ded
TANKK
aaaaaannndd tentacle monster
She's a leftie :s
rape
it is within that tree
04I kinda like the idea of a downloads page
/me kisses Gamer_Luna.
as in, she is left handed
:D
Swamp thing is unhappy.
pikorar: What do you mean? Don't they have an accent?
who else Dark92Enigma
10Oh u
Cottencandy: Gamer luna? I'm a fan of her!
oh hey, a hentai monster
Gamer Luna nice pic
04But yeah, more material would be needed before implementation
05,15Yeah me too, but I agree that we'd need to have a lot more content to put into it
00,10damn katar is bad ass in this one
:P
13i've been thinking of reorganizing the nav menu so that paintchat isn't on the main bar, under a menu if anything
Evening everyone
The churches are holding TV for ransom these days
I've seen enough hentai...
13the menu is a bit of a navigational mess at the moment
it sounds interesting
PrincessLuna: hello how are you?
00,10first time we get to see her bend after training
evening PrincessLuna
katara became more awesome in the ep
Ohai PrincessLuna
Yes, they do, Acleps, and their accents are varying amounts of "southern".
Sweet.
Bronysith: damn gurl, you sexy.
run
/me steals alexxm 's leash "Giddy up GilDash !"
YEEEESSS I FOUND MY PHONE CHARGEEEEEEER
Evening PrincessLuna
YES
Bronysith: Good, you?
Om: !!!!! <3
hey PrincessLuna hows your day been#
take this take that
05Vordox
/me hugs Sumica because he is awesome
http://memegenerator.net/instance/21402779
11,01Johkapid (Wishdream) is supposed to create a desktop pony of me. I haven't heard back from him.
rape
03yeah :/
pikorar: I see... But then what makes them rednecks? The way they live?
03apparently it used to be owned by FOX
Hai Wrek?
13so the main point of contention is how much is under downloads
GilDash: Wipes away kiss.I didn't need that
alexxm Don't know....that's all i know at the moment
03And they sold it to Disney
alexxm: Busy, finally moved most of my stuff out of my apartment T_T
PrincessLuna: oh im fine. just excited about paolini writing the prequel to the inheritance cycle!
05pm
SEE YA LETER WALLY GATOR
03and apparently they have to air that stuff
LATER*
PrincessLuna: Ello.
Bronysith: I know :D
Swamp Thing is best DC comic hero. suck it, Batman
/me hugs PrincessLuna
04Yeah
/me pokes alexxm
I tried swinging my hands like that once... I started propelling myself forward...
Leemuget.exe
PrincessLuna: i think he said its going to be about Brom
Petrified_Discord: 6_9
Bye byr Dark92Enigma :(
04Wait until more content before deploy
/me hugs Gamer_Luna.
*bye
0,14I guess, maybe pictures from artists could be featured as wallpaper?
1,11The current navigation isn't that bad. :/
Gamer_Luna: Of course you do. I wouldn't do anything less. :)
/me nibbles on Gamer_Luna's ear
02http://newsbusters.org/blogs/lauren-thompson/2012/04/10/youtube-new-channels-cater-lefties <-- lol how stupid
02who cares what hand it caters to
Bronysith: That would be awesome :) I think Brom definitely had an interesting lifestyle, especially with the fall of the riders
I know right
:p
Ponies I'm not going.....i made a Wally Gator reference
13it's disjointed, mostly on account of us having a wide variety of things that need to be one click away
pikorar: So what would you describe a redneck to be like?
Face plant. See what I did there?
02that's not ever new worthy
00,10hydro blade
02XD
http://memegenerator.net/instance/21423116
Irish_Pony: That tickles!
02even*
04Okay then
those ambidextrous people won't care
PrincessLuna: yea. i loved him and when you learned his secret in brisingr. hello!
:p
13rules and FAQ could be under about us, though they aren't because no one would read them then
lyra that is danerous get out of the water
02news*
*ahem*
Ponies47 I'm not going, i made a Wally Gator reference
04Moving on unless there's some other reason to continue on the downloads
13but anyway, downloads can happen, resolved that we need more to put there
FlareChaser nice
YA DON't SAY
10Politics, not hands
boom like a boss
naked man
FlareChaser: Please. Try Twilight or Fluttershy...
03LOL @ that former playboy model talking about her daughters losing their virginity
SO?
03don't ask why I watched that
:P
045 Also, I see we are needing to figure out our summer. This, my friends, is Summer 2.0. The summer that will outdo the previous one. A hard feet I know, but with enough planning we can do it. We'll need to prepare what exactly we should do for this summer. This summer will set the grounds for tradition in future summers. June, July, and August are our months. We need to plan for each day
Dark92Enigma: O. I walked away for a sec.
4within them. Games, movies, muzik, and whatever else we can dish out to make this summer the best one ever.
:D
1,11Desktop Ponies, artist wallpapers. Music selections. Flash game files.
Acleps: Well, they usually wear camo hats, generally have shaved heads, they're usually very bulky, or very tall and lanky...
wait wat?
Um...no. You just tried to kill us. :|
04So, sounds like he just wants more of an idea of what's going to happen for Summer
/me pokes Petrified_Discord
*Hugs Fluttercute* She's so cute :)
Huma huma huma huma huma huma huma
Just a regular guy that tried TO KILL US
13well since the one idea from my get-out-of-my-head brain dump, trilogy month, is going forward
FLUTTERSHY
Cottencandy: WHO VOTES FLUTTERSHY?! Anyone?
Enlightened old swamp guy.
PrincessLuna: Yeeeeeeeessss? :)
13the only other real idea i had there was more gaming events
And, Acleps, they usually drive a pick-up truck, go hunting and love mud balling.
13L4D2 went well i think
04Yeah...I'm kinda inclined to believe that...that's about it for now
04Unless, yeah, more gaming events
Petrified_Discord: I unno 6_9
PrincessLuna: Hello there. ;)
03http://www.theblaze.com/stories/red-bull-pulls-ad-depicting-jesus-using-his-own-name-in-vein-faking-biblical-walk-on-water/ <- LMAO
02what I find funny is the fact that most left handed people like me use their right hand on the computer
seems legit
whoa... TREE!
1,11TF2 streaming. I can join that one. It'd be fun as f*ck.
02XD
03do they?
http://memegenerator.net/instance/21423189 very punny.
02yep
WORLD TREE
Sumica: ty for all the desktop ponies!
GilDash: Ay :)
05TF2 i can join
03my grandpa is left handed and he puts the mouse on the left of his keyboard
03o.o
05i love tf2
GilDash: Seems i got away with it pretty unscathed :P
/me listens hard
11,01The My Little Investigations dev stream I want to do.
04But this point could take all day, so, maybe decide something now?
Hello, everypony!
only thing with game events, need more people for them, can't do another mod vs viewer l4d event
PrincessLuna: O hello your majesty *Bows down*
Gamer_Luna: I wub you <3
If you ever met a redneck, Acleps, then you would want to punch his/her mouth. They're annoying.
04Okay, TF2, MLI
Airpuff: You weren't the one who put it on...
Or this FLUTTERSHY ------->:(
deep
You can feel everything growing.
Hye hey hey sagas
hey sagas hows you rday been
pikorar: That's what I thought. Plus beer. Rednecks love beer. (at least that's what the tb has taught me)
Colonel Quarrich should blow that tree up.
allo sagas
04Oh
PrincessLuna: K :D
not enough mods for the number of games to cover everyone, gets tiring fast
04Uh
1,11And if we get the streamer to go Spectator mode on TF2, it'd make some good shots.
troll swamp
GilDash: But im the one who grabbed it and said "Giddy up" xD
Acleps: moonshine.
pikorar: TV*
The Fluttershy talked! :( yaaaaaaaaaay
Irish_Pony: I wub you too,honey. <3
13i discovered gaming department is building up a list of viewer's gaming accounts, and they're listing what games they have there
Petrified_Discord: Say wha?!
yep
pikorar: That's homemade alcohol right?
it has been linked too
04Kirz had been talking about possibly doing a BronyState Autumn banner
Cottencandy: Princess Luna?
11,01A member build up that list.
02Left handed people are better at using their right hand then right handed people are at trying to use their left hand
Matrix
Gamer_Luna: *kisses* <3
Time is an illusion, true facts.
13so given that could easily build up a list of multiplayer games that most people could join
04So that could be done this Summer
11,01I don't remember who.
Hey
I thought time was a social construct
PrincessLuna: Your the best princess! :)
queen luna!
The X's? haven't seen that show in awhile
alexxm: Tiring. Didnt get much sleep
11,01But I would love to have that list linked on our site.
I have no idea Acleps, but I hear rednecks talk about it all the time.
03also, way to generalize BlueFlare
secwdvbhx cdvbgfhyjugvcfdsazZsxdcfvgbhjhgytfrdsfgfdtrfdxcfrtgyh
Ponies47: Thank you, kind pony :)
Uh
/me hugs sagas
My mother
uses the mouse on the right.
so lol
02well, most of the time
/me pokes sagas
Hi appleyeah! I love you!
is he a lightning bender now?
:S
PrincessLuna: yay :)
8,6hey, anyone have a link to that googledoc with all of the gamer tags?
PrincessLuna is best princess
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Aiu_L4b79DcrdGxyZmlmN0x5MjBxWi14ZkpNVFc5a0E#gid=0
04Oh, and Phase had an idea too
XD
Yes.
10Unproven fact
pikorar: You should try Google, it knows a bunch about these sort of things :)
/me hugs cachi01
i'm noticing parallels to a certain glowy tree
/me hugs alexxm back
She only really uses her left hand for writing :>
LSP is best Princess
Cottencandy: Have you ever beaten 6 games in a day? Gamer_Luna?
04For a BronyState favicon contest amongst our viewers
Or cooking but yeah
02same for me
03inb4 mythbusters
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Aiu_L4b79DcrdGxyZmlmN0x5MjBxWi14ZkpNVFc5a0E#gid=0
there kirz
dat trix yogurt text color scheme
03but yeah, my grandpa does use his left hand on the mouse so
CeilingKirz: gamer...tags...?
Kisses Irish_Pony back <3
http://memegenerator.net/instance/21423283
oh god
Best buddies.
03w/e
incest for everyone
04I figure we could run it through Summer and then end the contest in August?
Kinfolk
1,11Last year BronyState was fun because it was something new and it was something kinda personal. This year it needs to be fun because we have new stuff to offer and because we stay connected to our audience.
...ew
Hyou
8,6ty Midnight_Tempest
Silly rabit trix are for kids :p
Swamp food.
*rabbit
Midnight_Tempest: OMG I want to be on that! >:U
yup, he be trolling
/me eats Jumbalaya
02my dad uses his right hand on the computer as well and he's left handed
/me Falls over at PrincessLuna's poke fainting
dat people food
03you mean on the *mouse*
XD
:D
everything tastes like chicken, even chicken :)
ppl fewd
02yep
DAS PEUHL FEWD
03you're supposed to use both hands on the keyboard
Swamp in the north pole.
Airpuff: I completely missed that...
Sounds legit.
lol
Cottencandy: I guess Portal is nothing to Ponies.
04Well, the favicon idea could be that
lul Bronysith xD
=/
SCOOTALOO
XD
03inb4 macbook wheel
PrincessLuna: You poke hard.
ew
Dat giant bug.
04And for those that don't know, the favicon is the little empty area to the left of your URL
...:S
Ewww :(
Ewwww...
That really bugs me.
=/
/me wraps rains around Airpuff.
mmmm bug ass
13favicon is an important thing though, needs to be useful for web
GilDash: I know, So i got away with it pretty unscathed :P
He had to start at the ass.
Gamer_Luna: Is my best princess <3
pikorar: I C WUT U DID
pikorar: ...HAHA
Airpuff: No, it's my turn. ;)
/me hugs Om
Princess Luna?!
avatar stuff dosen't count
GilDash: .. well for a while..
04So we could ask our viewers to come up with favicons and we choose the one we like best
HEY
PrincessCelestia: Sister?!
o_o
00,10angry bird
Goddamn bird.
IT'S YOU!
04It gets the community involved and gets us a favicon :D
GilDash: Really? ;)
PrincessCelestia: Your highness!
=/
KILL HIM
jingle jingl jingle jingle :D
That's what I do to birds if they wake me up...
Airpuff: Wanna ride? ;)
PrincessCelestia: PrincessLuna: Well isn't this a touching reunion :|
PrincessCelestia: how do you do?
dat blue spirit
/me does not mind PrincessLuna hugs
Cottencandy: Princess Celestia!*Bows down*
PrincessLuna: Hello,I'm you,but in another world :)
GilDash: .. Sure :)
It's...a kabuki player.
NINJA!
IT'S ZUKO
FRUITCAKE YES
1,11Oh...So that's what that little thing is called.
/me hugs Om.
:O
02right handed people can do the same, but due to so many things catering to right handed people left handed people are used to using their right hand a lot
Blue Spirit Begins
ZUUUUUUUUUL MUTHAFUCKA ZUUUUUUUUUUUUUUL
04Yep
i find it amusing how many people put minecraft in the steam sectin
NOW ON DVD!
NEXT EPISODE
NOW ON DVD
section
DVD! :o
PrincessCelestia: Reunited at last :)
<3
!!!
YAY!
/me sits on Airpuff.
:'(
1,11I just called it a Site Icon. *shrug*
Bronystate on dvd?
Pony commercial time?
Luna Remix! :D
dat house
We'll never find out what's NOW ON DVD.
GilDash: You, no.
house :D
03that totally explains why they make left handed guitars :P
swag
Irish_Pony: is best prince <3
nice
...O_O
1316x16 .ico format
=/
8,6oh wow, I found a pony channel that's not an RP channel
yay :)
house is best brony
13would be a challenge certainly
:'C >:3
8,6it's called #bronystate
love this luna song
/me is now a chair! :D
House is best building
bahahahaha
<3
CeilingKirz madness
SWAGG
CeilingKirz, Impossibru
:[
wubs!!!!
05whats the purpose of it?
Swag house. Just got more Swag
05the favicon that is
1,11be a good challenge for web artists.
CeilingKirz: BEST PLACE EVER! :d
CeilingKirz: really? didnt know that.
CeilingKirz tell me more about this... Bronystate
04Alright, result for Summer Slurry Stuff: More gaming events, My Little Investigations dev stream, favicon contest
gee wilikers CeilingKirz
BOOKS
BOOOOOOOOOOOOKS
02did you know?
AWWWH YEAAAAH
Oh god! Books time!!
02I hate using stuff fow left handed people and yet I'm left handed XD
What was that last song btw?
READ!
Gamer_Luna: I dont think I make a good prince :P
there goes!
Time to READ!!
02for*
House. No explanation required
This is one of the few PMVs I don't enjoy D:
HELLLLLLLLLLLL YEAAAAAAAAAAH
books are sexy
this is my book
04The favicon is like a badge
/me READS!
AND IM GONNA READ IT
READ!
Damn, I love this song. :D
11,01[17:49:28]	CeilingKirz	oh wow, I found a pony channel that's not an RP channel <- this.
Summer Reading? Aw shit!
04...that's how I see it
CeilingKirz: No such place!
Princess, I made these cupcakes tastesed like flavaored Cottencandy!
NO NOT THE BOOKS! NOT THE BOOKS! :'(
1,11Artist Spotlight contests.
04It shows up in your bookmarks
BURN ALL THE BOOKS NOAW!
READING EVIL! :O
02unless it's a note pad
;(
DAMN SEXY
:$:$
11,01There used to be maid there, but they were evicted because of role players. :<
11,01*maids
AND BOOKS EVIL! :O
DAMN SEXY
:$:$:$:$:$:$:$:$:$:$:$:$
Irish_Pony: You make a great prince.You're nice and adorable and such a gentlemen <3
Irish_Pony after we've banned dancingg
Needs more swag House.. xD
The Books! MY EYES ARE IN THEM!
i miss maid hour :(
:-(
DA BOOKS
Irish_Pony: Ponies47: Blasphemy! Shun the non-believers!
Nittany_Discord: There was a maid here, it's gone now?
whats the name iof this song?
05the abverration of the logo then?
pinkie diana pie??!!?
Gamer_Luna: <3
:,(
11,01I'm still here.
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
I would SO read scrolls..... :(
Nittany_Discord: I've still got the uniform for whenever we're needed again. *Salutes*
/me hugs Nittany_Discord
Books are good.
:$
MUST. READ. BOOKS
13you have to do it right though
nooo
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo
SHOO BEE DOO
Shoo Be Doo!! Shoo shoo bedoo!!
thanks for the stream Sumica
SEA PONYS
shoobedoo
shoo be doo!
13just resizing a big version often looks horribly blurry
SHOO BE DOO
I'm not reading because reading and books EVIL! :O
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
Irish_Pony: <3 I wub you
Sumica: NO DON'T LEAVE
IS CARAMEL STREAMING NOW?!?!?!
i did not approve of this
8,6PrincessCelestia, do not spam the emotes
Wow... Really?
SHOOPDEEDOO
OH FUCK
Sea Ponies already? :o
WOW
Gamer_Luna: I wub you more <3
The smooze must be next!
/me is in distress. Calls for sea ponies.
Wonder where they got those strobe lights underwater
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO G1 IT BURNS!!!!!!
00,10I am not leaving but SB64 has somthing specal for you all at 3
Om: Seapony magic.
Om: DETAILS! xD
/me calls upon the Sea Ponies
Oh.....Discorrd. Hello, Want a Flavored cottencandy cupacke?
vector it all
13i think i have a favicon here from before the launch that we were considering, used the reclining lyra design
Oh dear, I pressed the mute button... Oh well...
thanks for the stream Sumica
solves that problem
Irish_Pony: I wub you the most <3
they'll drown you
Om: maaagic
but its 6 :)
Meanwhile: Of course!
04Summer Slurry Stuff: Gaming events (TF2, what else?), My Little Investigations dev stream, favicon contest, Artist spotlight contests
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO! :)
the Pre E3 Nintendo Press Conference?
13but tried to fit more detail that makes sense
it's underwater. it can't burn, silly
02cameras, computers, microwaves, note pads, etc. All cater to right handed people
Sumica what time zone is that 3 in?
02XD
13*than
Going to save them? Pushes them lower into the water and threatens their bubble....seems legit... :|
/me 11,01shines PrincessLuna
SHOOPDEEDOO SHOOPDEEDOO SHOOPDEEDOO SHOOPDEEDOO
GilDash: You muted THE seaponies? :|
Wait,original Applejack had 5 apples!? O.o
00,10it's in 8 min Chrysalis
03um
03no?
Sea Ponies = Sumica's sign off most of the time
03computers can be either, you just move the mouse derp
Sumica: So much yay 6_9
thanks
RaveBrony, bubbles don't pop underwater
Sharpedo
03and how do microwaves cater to right handed people LOL>
/me gives Nittany_Discord a French maid outfit
Airpuff: My hoof slipped. What more can I say?
It's not THE conference but we do get some Wii U info
DEAR GOD, SEA PONIES
05and if we were turnign the artist spotlight into a weekly thing, why the contest?
03you can press the buttons with either hand o-O
old ponies are too tall
didnt want to way 4 hours for 3am
OH IT'S APPLEBLOOM............minus the personality........
03*o_O
SuperBrony64: are you up next?
mmm bacon
APPLEJACK*
GilDash: .... "SHOO BEE DOO!!"
11,01PrincessLuna: I love it.
we almost died
PrincessLuna: He's already got one. ;)
UPPLEJAKS
it was great
I WANT MEGAN in Frienship is MAGIC!
13re artist spotlight, that page didn't make it to 2.0 since it was only the results of the art contest at the time; like downloads, it needs more to belong
damn my KEYBOARD
Sumica: You wub yay don't you? :)
SHE SOUNDS LIKE A BABY
OH FUCKING GOD
11,01GilDash: I could use more.
GilDash: This one's better ;)
02the handle is on the right side most of the time
thanks for the stream Sumica
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW
I MISSED SEAPONIES
11,01Different ones.
Cottencandy:Pinkiepie!!!!!!!!!!!!WANT A CUPCAKE?
SO CUUUUUUUUUUTE
CUTE!
AWWWWWWW
03so?
00,10it's just my ping.
11,01Variety!
Dude, i want that wallpaper
ADORABLE
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW
I forgot: No point in that.
00,10I dont trigger it you do.
Awwwww that background gets me every time!
thanks for streaming Sumica
but still http://i.imgur.com/5iULo.png
dat little rarity <3
GabeMoist: Yeah, but the keep sperating them :D so they have less 'usable' air inside them :D
LOOK AT VINLE
02it doesn't matter, but it's true
Sumica: I see.
LYRA AND BONBON!
0,14that's what she said >.>
02XD
You can never have to manny maid outfits.
Gamer_Luna: <3
Vinyl Scratch :D
RX-78-SweetieBot: are you RX-78-Grimlock on Steam?
dat Vinyl
OMGOGMGOGMGOGMGOGMGOI LOOK AT TRIXY
wait...
CrimsonPhoenix: dat Reggie...
Cottencandy: Oh well. I take one.*eats a cupcake*
Kandarihu: yes
Why isnt Lyra sitting like a baws?
Sumica: So when I ping you Fluttershy says yay?
Irish_Pony: <3
so is that why it isn't on our page now?
Nittany_Discord: I'll keep that in mind. ;)
Hmmm i should update that list actually now i replaced my name on here
*shrug*
who made that decision?
sagas it's a tradition to post this on E3
Octavia <3
So, we're Steam buddies now. Cool. Thanks
Magical_pablez94 a male rainbow dash?
13again
or when E3 is up
13at the time, it was only the art contest
Magical_pablez94: No idea, I don't know him from the show D:
you know you are a brony when you can all these ponies there :3
13which had ended months prior
Magical_pablez94: Fluttershy obviously
Dken2021_: no way
1,11right.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Aiu_L4b79DcrdGxyZmlmN0x5MjBxWi14ZkpNVFc5a0E#gid=0 I fixed it guys
11,01If you want what games to play, we discussed that during our last game dept meeting.
*can name
Magical_pablez94: Its Irish_Pony
Ponies47: say Sumica, yay. Sumi, WHOAH. Mica, OH MYYYY.
FlareChaser: :)!!!
so you didn't include it?
11,01I have it on a list.
13at the time no
13it has been three months since
I miss the science...
sagas: easy reading from title uh?
because it was agreed the artist's spotlight page was there to stay...
13if you want to yell at me for it, the window of relevance is long past
I should call the seaponies just so they would come here, and I'd get to see them suffer a slow painful death due to lack of water. THAT would be the best day of my life.
She blinded me with...science
PrincessLuna: ....the amount of princess's in this chat is too damn high!
13it can go back
Pinkies4thWall: Didn't know dat
stream?
13but would be better if there was more to put on it
FlareChaser: :(
FlareChaser: Nonsense
so we just add our gamer IDs to this thing?
I understand that
Acleps: And then we could watch Evil Dead. It would be amazing! :)
Acleps: :( But I like the sea ponies, they're the only pre-64 pony meme that's worth mentioning.
its not that damn high!!!!
Magical_pablez94: yep. I could tell though even without the title though
but I'm just not sure where the communication was
Did anybody see the Teens react to MLP?All the girls said no to a Brony boyfriend!I would love a brony boyfriend.
wat
oh. yeah it is
LOL
GilDash: Only if we watch Buried.
why the call was made without any discussion
FlareChaser, it's not high enough
ah buck it, gonna get pizza for my family
ok so I can't register myself?
Sorry, Acleps, I said 64, I mean G4, derp.
the amount of adorableness is NOT HIGH ENOUGH.
PrincessLuna: You're an amazing Princess. FlareChaser has no idea what he's taling about. :)
13because there were three days to take the site from a blank wordpress install to fully functional
11,02Moo ^-^
/me AAAAND... sagas won!!!! here 's your price!
NEED MOAR BABY PONIES
If anypony want's to ping me. I really don't care. I enjoy to talking to ya'll :)
BYE GUYS IM LEAVING
Ohai SuperBrony64
OMG SB
Acleps: ... That's a *hard* compromise...
Gamer_Luna: I got my boyfriend hooked on it, but he won't watch season 2 in fear of an addiction :/
SuperBrony64 quack
Applebloom
FlareChaser: what needed fixing?
pikorar: I don't the seaponies are scary... They always give me the creeps
mooooooooien SuperBrony64 ^^
MOO
GilDash: For once I agree with you
/me 11,01dusts SuperBrony64
/me glomps SuperBrony64
Gamer_Luna: I believe one girl was okay with it
Bye PrincessCelestia, I love you!
PrincessCelestia: Bye bye your majesty :)
Pinkies4thWall: me! :D
05mhm
o hai SuperBrony64
O U FlareChaser
04This sounds familiar
13was a little stressed at the time if you recall
GilDash: Pft ;)
GilDash: What is the fun in that eh?
Shoo be doo!
13in any case
04But Shizuka explained herself about a week ago
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNAAAAA BEEYETCH!
O ME
DerpSurge: ! <3
hey
04She was under a lot of stress at the time
GilDash: I can only survive through Evil Dead if I know that I'll see something worth watching after it
HEY
13the site has been up for three months now... the artist spotlight page hasn't been brought up since
04Concerning the launch of the site
sup
02http://www.motherjones.com/blue-marble/2010/03/human-hair-additive-your-food
I SEND PPL TOO THE MOON
sagas: congrats btw, here's ur prize! *hoofs u a cookie*
PrincessCelestia: Yes, sister?
02L-cys :3
11,02You all seeing a stream, yes?
Hi Pajaro! I love you!
04I'm sure it wasn't out of malcontent
No
Nope.
SuperBrony64: Nope
Acleps: What about the Avengers?
PAJARO IS GOING TO THE MOON
I wasn't saying it was out of malcontent...
No we don't
<3 you too ;)
Yes GilDash.
GilDash: I haven't seen that :/
11,01PrincessCelestia: is best horse.
No stream yet.
Om: The fun would be in saying yes. ;)
Nope
My sister!?!?
Look at my horse
I can't stop listening to Double Trouble (Team Rocket Team) from Pokemon. WHY DO YOU GUYS SO ME SUCH AWESOME STUFF!?! :D
nah, i like earth
Nittany_Discord: :'(
LUNA!
05anyways
SuperBrony64 i'm afraid not
That's the point, Acleps, you could see it with us.
my horse is amazing
Acleps: I think it'd be a film we could actually *both* enjoy. :)
PrincessCelestia is worst tyrant :V
:D
:o
WORDS
11,01PrincessLuna: is best pony.
SB broke the stream...
Magical_pablez94: I will treasure it as long as I can resist the temptation to eat it
/me flails his arms in excitement
GilDash: Not for me. And that is the only fun I am concerned abouty
Cottencandy:Hello Princess Celesitia,Luna. Cupcakes Anyone?
13a lot of snap decisions were made because there was simply no time to spin idle waiting for responses... and again... it's now been missing since launch, no one brought it up until now
:D
Nittany_Discord: Yes, PrincessLuna is best pony. :)
PrincessCelestia: Sister :)
Derpy Hooves!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! TO THE MOON YOU GO
Om: Selfish. ;)
/me hugs GilDash
IT'S STARTING
what about me, Nittany_Discord
Pricess cant break the fourth wall tho *trollface*
GilDash: Damn right.
This is what I think http://memegenerator.net/instance/21423884
sagas: after 10 secs u'll eat it right?
;)
10Reminds me why I don't want to know what is in my food
11,02Refresh embed
/me kisses PrincessLuna.
11,01You're best moist thing.
02just think, you might have eaten my hair before!
/me hugs Nittany_Discord
/me runs
00,10ok it's done no need to dwell on it
/me is glued to the floor :3
Princess Cadence is best Princess
05if we were starting the weekly artist thing, why a contest? or did i missinterpret?
Gamer_Luna: Amen to that! :)
:D We're graced with both princesses gracing us with their present! :D
/me 11,01hugs PrincessLuna
SuperBrony64 i see a japanese
PrincessCelestia: I've been good! I've been writing to you! :)
now I see Iwata
You know what would be awesome....Megas XLR
You're sexy Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord: what am i then?
13contest specifically for the favicon i think wrek
PrincessLuna: ... Wow... I think I'm in love. :D
I've been developing a publishing company lately for MMO's -- kinda got distracted <_<
11,01You're a wall.
Magical_pablez94: That might be a bit of a stretch... It does look good after all
oh god, nintendo e3
13weekly art would get a category i'm sure
sorry guys im out
02but yeah
hello everyone..what am I looking at in stream? oO
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall
ies down next to Irish_Pony
10:<
not yet broken, Pinkies4thWall.
WOOT E3
I think thisis just a pre-show
05ah
PrincessCelestia: nah im not going to go :3
AI BIRIV
Gamer_Luna: <3
05it was mentioned separatley you see
SuperBrony64 what is dat?
00,10So who will be selecting the spotlights?
oh nintendo... you have nothing good i want...
Hey hey hey pony_5054 :)
IWATA <3
give it time
So when we startin E3?
Cottencandy: You know I broke a camrea and broke the 4th wall at My Youtube friend.
Well, that certainly is unique
02I'd rather not know what's in my food XD
IWATA-CHAAAN
Lil_B: Hey :)
1,11whoever watches the DA site, which is to be decided durring the meeting about the Social Networks.
sagas tomorrow
Superbrony64: is this a documentary? or is this the E3 press conference?
Irish_Pony: Looking slick there. ;)
PrincessLuna hello there :)
WiiU is a TERRIBLE idea and console
It's Pre E3
POKEMON! :P
sagas: it's a chocolate cookie u know? i ate one of them b4... they're fucking awesome, i know?
the conference is in a stage
Cottencandy: Hello Lil_B.
03^
POKEMON!
u*
in front of a crowd
Inb4 nothing particularly interesting.
heh, pre3
03LOL reading the labels
00,10SuperBrony64, you gonna start or did you stream to the wrong one?
the amount of princesses is a bit too damn low
cool
03I just eat what tastes good
GilDash: Please not when Gamer_Luna is around...
Cottencandy_111 hello
sagas: u*
05so SN decides the weekly artist
Irish_Pony: Why not? ;)
WE NEED CADENCE
Dken2021_: But isnt their some pre E3 stuff?
:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:$:$:$:$:$:$:$:$:$:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
nope
Is this the pre e3 livestream?
no emote spam
In the same room?
Nice spam
sagas this is it
I avoid people
^^
THIS IS NOT THE CONFERENCE
PrincessCelestia: no emote spam
not really
Iwata talks too fast.
Rediculous!?
PrincessCelestia: dat emoticon spam
wiiU? isn't that the oversized advance/DS crossbreed?
THE CONFERENCE IS IN 2 DAYS
Princess_Molestia: Spam :(
SO?!
thank you!
/me giggles
:)
/me smiles
Magical_pablez94: It is best cookie
What's the problem,Irish_Pony?
KICKED
*GASP* A CHANGELING! DON'T CHANGE INTO ME!
/me licks Deleted_dreams
Team Rockets Rocket! :p
Chrysalis: what they SHOULD HAVE DONE, is make the WiiU an add-on instead of a consol :3
sagas: :D
11,02I started streaming, if you don't see a stream, refresh the embed.
we need Princess MiAmore Cadenza...
whatevs, I identified anyway
Gamer_Luna: GilDash is just being herself around me...
its ok we'll keep an eye on things, and if we have issues, and you don't text back i'll call you :)
MOO
I am such a Pinkie Pie! :P
02same unless I know it really is bad for you and it's not just a ick factor
/me crings at PrincessLuna
helo ponyy's
:D
05trailing off: a proper planning of summer stuff is needed later. move to next point?
This guy's got some english talent
Come to the point!
Dken2021_: Oh my bad, I needed to refresh the stream
What is this?
SuperBrony64: Well what the hell are you streaming?
/me hugs SuperBrony64 and brushes his mane
Pajaro The changling?
03fast food is bad for you but I eat it anyway :D
no
Irish_Pony: Well,she is a huge flirt
Derpy_Hooves what they should of done is grown some balls, and actually made a boundary pushing console
1,11Yes. Next point
SuperBrony64: u ain't banned her right?
wow it's so tiny
THE REAL DEALIO
dat controller
Hey hey hey DJPON-3! :)
pikorar: Something about Wii U
JUMPCUT
02I eat it sometimes XD
00,10how will the artwork get on the DA then?
Irish_Pony: You never had a problem with that before. ;)
HELLO!
Gamer_Luna: Indeed she is <3
11,02It's the Nintendo Pre-E3 Presentation
Pajaro: She wanted to be called cadenza when she was a changling ;)
not some damn dreamcast ripoff
Irish_Pony: Nitendos pre-E3 thingy
Hey hey hey DJPON-3! :)
Ima call it a wiime.
hi DJPON-3
with old tech
Derpy_Hooves the add on would have been to big, it would have needed more grafics power, more process power
so
02KFC and Burger king FTW
hi hi
i dont caaare
11,02Check the post on the site for more details :)
13that should change
Chrysalis: :V
??????:Chill thier Cottencandy. The changelings are here to talk, Not to take form.
FYI, these game pads cost about $200 a piece, they're not cheap, they're bound to be the thing that ends Nintendo.
WII will, WII will,ROCK YOU! LOL!XD
Dreamcast did it, that means the Wii U sucks.
I had a NES :D
/me waves going to sleep! cya!
Well anyone with dA experience can step up
good times
NES = YAY! :D
i dont know how to spell her shortened name
/me thinks SuperBrony64 is sexy
05hmm
the keys were delivered to lit at first
red_ony: ME TOO!
pff... nintendo... the Wii is just a nice looking paperweight imo... only games i would play on that are the metroid ones
ANGRY VIDEO GAME NERD FTW! :)
05organizing a DA group
00,10SN?
05intriguing
u*
FlareChaser: hush up now stop trying to get attention..
YES
05can we take that later adn continue with slurrys points?
Cottencandy:Oh! Sorry.
ufortunately, I'm gonna miss the sony conferrence since I have class at the time
nah, Red Steel 2 was good
13right now it's set to only allow suggestions for group favorites
pikorar: I don't think Nintendo will go down without a fight... A single controller won't end them
Shamroc: but...im bored :3
What's being streamed here?
Looks Nintendo-y
02havn't been caring for McDonald's though
13but yes that's something for later
i do like they went from circle pads to actual sticks
02haven't*
ScootaChicken the pre-show
/me hugs ScootaChicken
03I love McDonald's chicken
03:P
No shitty thumbpad
I know that, Acleps, I'm just bein' goofy.
i loved Red Steel 2
;)
N64 will always be my favorite concole.
I have the DA info now, so I'll look into all the settings
14PEOPLE
FINALLY
STEEKS
14hi
14:D
So many great games
Magical_pablez94: Well now Im jealous of him for getting his OC made...
GASP
WOW
I guess this preshow is to get the boring shit out of the way.
0,14awww yeah click sticks
;(
omfg
02their chicken is good
this is not new
02their pies are too
oh look, a L3-R3 button
11,02NFC?
Welsh_Pony N64 is best /)
pikorar: I'm sorry, my sacrasm meter is malfunctioning at the moment
THESE CONTROLLERS ARE A BIG FUCKING DEAL!
nintendo learn what the word "new" means
:(
TRIGGERS AND BUMPERS WOO
02ohai Viri
Well. They think about more than Sony.
11,02Onice
Am I the only one with no intrest in the Wii U?
14hi BlueFlare :3
still looks unwieldy as a brick
11,02Skylanders 2.0 XD
:O
<--- What the fuck is this now? :S
I have no interest
11,01N64 was a good system.
joysticks :3
wait is the conference now????
this mark on the left side of the screen
http://memegenerator.net/instance/21424179
a card reader? neat
02have you tried their pies yet drf?
LOL!XD
Oh boy NFC. Something we'll never use :|
11,02Oh lulz
SuperBrony64: u streaming?
Ponies47: but ever concole had it's...really bad games
03yes...
Nittany_Discord: An awesome system :) especially Zelda <3
GilDash: THE FUTURE! :D
I have no interest. (stays here anyway)
GilDash: Doesn't matter, has Nintendo
OMAIGODZ
sagas: tell me maybe next time we met, not today, what u like the most (CM) and how do u look like or want your OC to look like and i'll do it 4 ya:D
11,02A TV Remote :D
i want da wii u !:D
It'll have a battery life of about 16 seconds.
02hurr
every*
what
00,10could we not get a native english speaker for this?
12lmfao
wtf
Wii U is now TV
12I just found a convo I saved
SuperBrony64: are you freaking as much as i am right now?
12annoying this person with cows
12on omegle
He just stumbled over the word infrared.
well that'S nice, i admit that
11,02Pinkies4thWall: YEEES :D
03you mean you don't do that to all of us?
0,14...I'm getting hype
Isn't this Satoru Iwata talking?
the anything but wii had Duke Nukem Forever X_X
bugger all
but I like the engrish, and it'a satoru Iwata
Cottencandy: I forgot to ask If anyone likes Cupcakes made without Ponies in them.
02yay
Magical_pablez94: I will hold you to that! :)
Kandarihu eeyup
12No, this is my trolling cows
WiiU is so far awesome
03anyway
alleddy
SuperBrony64: and then i was all: shsgo;hzdfkl;gak;dfjhgjkdsbnglasrhgdsgasher
bad game
03NOW I'm going to go shower
Welsh_Pony: Yeah that game was BAD and I mean BAD! Have you ever seen the review by the Angry Video Gmae Nerd?
14I'm going to sleep
11,01If Nintendo doesn't ruin their console with the things Sony and Microsoft might, more power to Nintendo.
02brb
14kinda late for me
BG bad game
giant TV!
Ninterndo should have made this one with 3 screens.
14school tomorrow
Holy crap thats awsome!
Irish_Pony: me, 2 months ago..
12Night Viri :3
14good night everyone ^^
I have, glad i have never played it
Irish_Pony: 1*
*Game
What a story whoever you are.
1,11We're off topic.
OH MY
04Okay so
1,11Next point.
yes that's the main jizz of that controller
12Apparently I'm a 12-15 year old boy too
Cool!
My TV is a small screen
oh wow splitscreen
04Let's sum up the Summer Slurry thing real quick
LETS DRAW PONIES
The controllers are cool, but what are the features of the actual system?
Nittany_Discord: don
12fun times~
DAT LINK
drawing skills may vary
DAT LINK
11,01Don?
DAMN Pinkies4thWall
I am still not interested in all this damned motion control crap.
04Artist spotlight, game streams, MLI, favicon contest
04Okay
04Next
Nittany_Discord: 't know aquat about consoles, elaborate?
Booo Link
I share Yahtzee Croshaw's opinion of E3.
NINJA
Everypony type in who you love most in this chat! :)
I like to don pitahs
046 And here's this: team conduct. I have noticed a few people here misbehaving and acting rudely. Now, I know it's not as bad as some things, but it's something to note and really should be toned down. We don't need people ignoring our own rules and abusing power. It's unprofessional and is just plain wrong. Know what's right, get things done, and have fun.
Meanwhile: Which is?
Gamer_Luna: You <3
That's kinda cool..
sagas: don't get it sorry... may u explain a bit more simply.. im not that good at eng :d
THEY NEED TO WOK TOGETHA!
Looking at this I might have a future as an English language spokesperson..I'm German but I'd do better than him at least.. :/
EVERYPONY! I WUB EVERYPONY! :)
^^
GilDash: That it can piss off because it's pointless.
NINTENDO IS A GENIUS
DAT SENSOR
Gamer_Luna: That's a though one... ;)
Nittany_Discord: yeah, the enter key on my laptop is a sneaky bastard
11,01Dark_Horst: There are some bad rumors about the next gen Xbox and Playstation.
I don't like touch screens, have to friggin clean them everytime
Meanwhile: promotion time?
0,14Gyro sensors?
pikorar: By our powers combined!
http://www.mindistortion.tv/iwantyoursoul/?i_am=Derpyty
so six axis
Meanwhile: Fair point. :)
Cottencandy:As my friends say "I will not be a doormat"!
0,14it'll detect food?
Nittany_Discord: as far as I'm concerned, they ruined the Wii and 3DS with the whole "bricking the system for custom firmware" thing. If Wii U is clear of that, I'll be a fan of theirs again.
he talks so slowly.. :/
I have a feeling that the 2 screen system won't work for everone, end there will be a lot of problems with it...
Irish_Pony: You <3
and phone tech
Dat binoculars
ps4 is coming out end of next year
silly saxy
and always useless
1,11First of all, I want to say that there's a difference between abuse of power and playing around with each other.
0,14>.>
Derpyty: u fucking soul stealer!
/me kisses Gamer_Luna <3
Hi everyone, is this E3 we are watching?
Magical_pablez94: What?
Nittany_Discord: i think the worst of all is that the next xbox wont read already used xbox games
duh fuq
00,10inb4 some one steps on controler and shatters screen
it's the pre-show CupcakeWarrior
13that's a razor thin line though
lolol i stole Magical soul
11,01Bricking the system?
:p Bai :p Everyone :p
Nittany_Discord: which i think its a fuckig stupid idea
Sumica: It's made from Nintendium though.
http://www.mindistortion.tv/iwantyoursoul/?i_am=Derpyty
13and for viewers who don't know us, it's nigh invisible
Cottencandy: I AM NOT A DOORMAT!!!!!!!!!!!
sagas: i didn't understand what u said me b4.
cuddles with Irish_Pony
aka. bathroom
MAH SOUL
This is something nice
Portable Wii
LOL!XD
00,10bullet proof software is not
GAH
11,02what I miss? O.O
13at the last allstaff meeting we resolved to be perceived as less of hyper strict jerks
wb
Is this live?
i stoul Pajaro`s soul XD
bai Airpuff and all :D school sad face
THAT'S SO UNUSUAL!!!
Gamer_Luna: Irish_Pony u 2 are fucking cute u know?
SuperBrony64 the double screen
not much that was shown last year SuperBrony64
you should have some hops or something so this kind of madness doesn't happen again
D:
Sumica bulllet proof is somthing software will never be
11,02CupcakeWarrior: yes
11,01Xbox wants to ban used games. So does the PS4. And then Sony has a patent for hardware that interrupts your games for ads.
1,11We're a site of fun, not stuck-up business bullshit. Unless it's a serious official stream, we don't have to put on as much of a serious act.
Magical_pablez94: eeyup <3
Magical_pablez94: A little too cute for me...
GIBBIT BACK
05something i have failed sadly
OMG SuperBrony64 YOU WALKED AWAY?
SHAME
02thanks :3
13you're right
/me GUYS I GOTTA GO TO BED! CYA!
juasions
ouch
cool
13@silver
GIMMEH MAH SOUL BACK >:(
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Bye :)
Nittany_Discord: Please tell me you are shitting me...
dat tech demo 0///o
BAI ALL :d
gotta love chinglish
Why you no make a better console?
Magical_pablez94: G'night. :)
Dat feel when I will miss the Microsoft and Nintendo presentation
s
nunchuck...
NO
Cottencandy:*sees a book* Ugh! I hate reading!
I love the noonchuck controller
there will be a delay stupid lying spokesperson
13how about this
11,02woah
Irish_Pony: You have the cutest voice <3
GilDash: u're rough and we all know it :D
11,01And Sony wanted to do game registrations (which meant that you can't play your game on someone else's system).
Magical_pablez94: sleap like a rock
13if anyone comes to you with a complaint of power abuse
HORY SHEET
11,02xbox
CHOPCHOPCHOPCHOPCHOPCHOP
asgjkladfghdsfghl'as
wow
df'gh
What was dat sandvich
Dat controller :D
well, that
0,14wow
13think very critically about how you've been presenting yourself and others
i know chopnese
Magical_pablez94: I can do cute too. Nopony seems to want it... :(
00,10looks like old sega
Om:thanks
s a real dickmove from sony
11,01I'd rather go Nintendo or nothing.
Magical_pablez94: You said you'de make my OC next time we meet. I said Ide hold you to it.
lol xbox controller
Nittany_Discord: So if I buy a PS4, the games will have ads in them?
0,14that looks pretty sweet
that's totally not a dualshock controller
dat wii u pro controller looks nices
1,11For example: I stopped kicking other mods during BMN nights because I know it's unprofessional, but if I show up, like Wednesday during a random Let's Play stream, I'll just play around with my mod abilities.
Gamer_Luna: You are the cutess thing <3
AKA xBox controller copyright infringer 2.0.
11,01CupcakeWarrior: Don't know.
Nittany_Discord: I'll use PC games only if they enable that. :|
me gusta
to go with that
Owao = overall :D
13see it from their perspective, because they may not be seeing it as someone having fun with others
no one should be afraid to make those complaints
so much Ikea
GilDash: i do, dear that's why i usually am kind with u. *cuddles*
So you'll need more than 2 hands if you want to have the new controller, and the old Wii controllers
Cottencandy: <:(
When does the Wii U come out?
My Wii is not in my living room... Whatchu talkin' 'bout!?
and then the wii collected dust for 3 years
yes, it meant loads of people spent money, used it for a few weeks then let it gather dust
Nittany_Discord: I can imagine it would make sense to have a console that would interrupt games for emerency announcements, such as evacuation orders for natural (or less than natural) disasters.
00,10and more tvs were broken that year the nany other year
13if i'm a viewer see a mod show up out of nowhere and start playing with power, that's unprofessional and lowers my opinion of the staff as a whole
xd
is every theatre streaming the same thing?
Irish_Pony: You are the most sweetest person I've ever met,sweetie <3
Distand locations aka. the bathroom
13we can be playful
04Have balance, boys and girls; be fun, but be serious when you need to be ;)
11,01Kandarihu: I actually would like that.
I'm not going to put any names and whatnot (though we all already know I'm talking about myself), but if you feel like someone is being rude to you, just tell them
Pajaro the theatres are just for the chatrooms
Wii U does what WE DID. Haha. :)
if there's a reason behind the fun kick and it's not just "hey, I can kick another mod, let's do that", then it's ok
Gamer_Luna and Irish_Pony: D'awwwwwww
ok. free samples for everypony.
Must... not...l look... at chatroom... some poeple are beeing stupid again...
Wii U does what (Wii/We) did. I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE!
again: communication
so i can clop and play at the same time? NINTENDO I LOVE YOU
"INB4 i play wii u on the john
11,01A game interrupted by an NWS warning. I like that a lot.
in a bitter wa?
Who has a Wii in the reading room?
Nintendo has something that almost no other Console have, except very very few exceptions, Local Games.
1,11True, but really if it's not during an official stream, they can't expect us to act too official and professional.
no, please keep explaining
competting?
13but they do
Gamer_Luna: Then its true, the gods have blessed me with a angel....<3
11,01That's WHEN you want to interrupt a game.
THANK YOU!
04Yeah, they kinda do
sagas: what do you mean with "hold" i a yes or a nope?
The Wii U is single player only, right?
13it's the same channel on and off movie night
Nittany_Discord: We *all* know that'd be abused.
11,01Not to sell you something.
11,02GAMES
:=(
oh boy here we go
CupcakeWarrior nope
unfortunately, silver
13REGULARS won't expect us to
13but randoms will
Zombies.
:'(
wtf
ZAMBIES!
we have to accept the fact this is a different bronystate
END
Zombies?
I can't understand his accent.
hello simulated player
Ari :O
hi!
so will this be a new system
04I'm in the chat every night between 3 and 9 AM most of the time, and I still maintain a degree of professionalism
dat acting
Black Wii U? :O
I can see so many face reaction from this
11,01GilDash: Of course.
he looks like an ass
pewdiepie?
04Even though I'm incredibly silly as well
what worked back a few months ago just wont cut it now
._.
THAT IS SO ME
XD
0,14dat add
Magical_pablez94: Ha that means yes :D
ZOMBIES
Dat acting
BLACK OPS 2?????
I dislike it, yes, but that's just how the winds are blowing
SHITTAKE
is this rellay how they think we act
Nittany_Discord: Unless obviously... regulation... I'mma shut up now. :D
ZAMBIES!
nice figurine
Irish_Pony: "Squeek"You cutie <3
MAYBE
13especially given the lower average age/maturity of the base now
Damn them zombies
Cottencandy: :'( wwwwwwwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!
0,14XD
=/
lol
sagas: :D perfect cya 2morrow then i gotta go to bed :D
I know tht feel.
THAT IS ME! That is SO me it REALLY HURTS! XD
04The point is that if nothing serious is going on, then cool be whatever
afternoon, everypony! :) How are we all today?
04But just don't abuse your mod powers
xddd I WANT THIS GAME
what
google on wii u?
11,02OH SNAP
Wow
hai Sylandest
Black Wii U? hells yes
XD
11,02OH SNAP
XDDDDD
HE'S SO NERDY
Im going to bed now. Good night/day guys!
1,11I'm not saying go all out rambunctious. i'm saying we don't ahve to have a stick up our asses all the time, especially when it's not a serious stream. Same Channel, Same rules, slightly altered and loosend-up attitude.
hey Sylandest hows your day been
This sketch is ridiculous
OH SNAP
Dken2021_: howdy! :)
0,14....
dat gignormous controller
Dude, thats awesome!
Magical_pablez94: Alright! What country are you in?
oh god social interaction
Wii U >>>>>>> every console
0,14OH SHIT
screw that
In todays market I'm glad I'm a retro gamer.. If anything I'd get a ps2...emulating has problems..
alexxm: its been good, tired, but good
04I've kicked people playfully before, but I always let them know that I'm just *playing*
They all have guns because they want to shoot themselves.
sagas: ITA
11,01Does that mean light /me is ok?
05,15what...what did I miss!?
:o
11,02Dat Android App
00,10oh shit it's a message board how new
WAIT!?
Use cheats!
GAMEFAQS ON THE CONTROLLER
Gamer_Luna: I wub you <3
0,14...social network?
you know what you should do? get better at the damn game you loser
11,01Or light RP since we're mature.
HLOY SHIT
What a pansy
You're letting PLAYERS decide moments of GAMING!?
So who is streaming this?
04Hmm
dis is dog
WTF!?
Magical_pablez94: Italy, sweet!
13i take it something important happened
00,10it's like some kind of crazy thing called google
OMGOMGOMGOMGOMGOMG
04I would say none, honestly
05like the otehr day ghosties
Sumica: IKR
Shizuka: Not really.
04You know how the chat gets :I
sagas: i know :D
hai sizu
05where i kicked you for something
05adn you kicked me
The acting in this advert is amazing.
SNORT SNORT
04Yep
05all in good fun
sagas: cya!
yeeeeaaahh.... it's ototally not like the internet doesnt provide xactly the same information
I saw a Sylandest
OUCH
11,02Shizuka: Wii U happened
ScootaChicken: True
BUUUUURN
Sumica: Google? What is this thing you speak of?
I'm an Octo Gangsta
Who checks that stuff while drinking coffee?
The acting is so good but bad
04But we let them KNOW it's playful
Irish_Pony: I wub you the most,my shining star <3
Orange shirt...uh...my brain :(
Forever a Warren.
Om: indeed you did! :D howdy!
dat capitol B
forever alone
:'(
suicide
lol
:(
SuperBrony64: I got Kid Icarus Uprising today!
LOL MUSIC
Wii U alienates your fgriends
XD
im so sad
I can feel his pain.
lollololool
11,02That huge controller...
1,11Of course.
heartbraking...
LOL
05another note for my point later
SuperBrony64: Wii gonna have SO MUCH FUN
Sylandest: Nothing at all
FOREVER ALONE :D
"I'm so sad!
Cottencandy: I WISH FOR A PONY FRIEND THAT CARES FOR ME! :'(
13personally i'd rather we crack down on problematic RPers than blanket ban it and harm everyone
XD
NNNNNNOOOOOO! I feel for him
11,02Awesome CupcakeWarrior :D
AWKWARD
Forever alone
13but that's for later
11,01Some of our users know when they're being playfully kicket.
Wii U kills friendship? Okay, only abusive friendships.
Swollen glands...?
pikorar: I'm on the internet when I'm at coffee...
his balls
what game is this?
Om: I take it that means nothing is going on? :D
My virgin meter is going off the charts right now.
Glands?....
Lol Gross
XD
whoa
11,01Shizuka: I know. It's a few ruining it for everyone.
THIS IS AWESOME
HAHAHA
BLACK OPS 2
00,10also that controler looks painfull
xd
11,02Dat video call
04I just try to make sure everyone I kick playfully, know sthat I'm kicking playfully
Sylandest: eeeyup
11,02Also, dat black Wii U
Harry S Plinkett?
VIDEO CALLS
Dat old man.
So it's a video phone?
SuperBrony64: ikr
Cottencandy_111: I know how you feel... :(
lol
wat
dem swollen glands.
HOLY SHIT
HOLY ACTUAL FUCK
Grandpa.
oh god this is a BAD idea
lOO
HAHhahahahaha
brb
lol
Call me big daddy.
yeeeah... the internet never provided that stuff for me before. totally not. neveranswered my questions
Molestor Cam?
13re kicking, goes into someone's topic about modifying the chat client; current client doesn't make the kick message very obvious, which needs to change
XDDDDDD
this is a horrific terrible idea
XD
05lets just agree to make sure that both parties know its playful to avoid screwups
Um, privacy violation?
dicks, all the dicks
Oh god wat
13that's just a failure of the client though, not on our part
00,10man that controler looks painfull
ding dong wat?
Cottencandy: :')
scanner ding dong
Why are Nintendo doing this
Why
BEST COMMERCIAL EVER!
dat scumbag grandpa
04I think that's part of Wrek's point too
this sketch is so ridiculous
Yeeeaaah
04But anyways
:(
NO WAY THIS COULD GO WRONG
/me hugs GilDash "howdy" :)
=/
DING DONG
0,14didn't update your scanner? zombie bullshit
11,01That controller looks like a PS Vita or cellphone.
WILSON
/me hugs Sylandest.
xD
Maybe we could have a bronystate Wii U call channel
XD
Is this a shoutout to the blue ocean strategy?
inb4 everyone on video chat is jacking off to troll.
Gamer_Luna: My little diamond in the sky...what must I do to get to you? <3
SaxyPretender: ^
11,02I'M THROWING MONEY AT MY SCREEN BUT NOTHING IS HAPPENING
We need to name that action figure. NOW. What've you got, Bronystate?
Sylandest: You have no idea how much I've needed that.
I hate motion controls.
oh non-specific anction figure, you're my only friend
whoa, whats this?
I'm with you here SuperBrony64 XD
Cottencandy: :)
DED
Yes!
lamest boss ever
WOOO
GilDash: thats why I'm here :) *hugs tighter*
/me takes SuperBrony64's money
And I hate controllers the size of fridges
People who tired the controller sai its suprisingly leight and easy to hold
FUCK IT IS BLACK OPS 2
VICTORY!
13SaxyPretender: zombie bullshit new meme?
=/ Black Ops 2
BEST. CONSOLE. EVER.
8,6does that Wii U controller look like a Game Gear to anyone else?
O_O
I just learned that snakes have only one working lung
He seriously needs to calm down.
....
WAT
you're the best. . . around
11,02CeilingKirz: GET OUT NOW
It's a game.
11,01CeilingKirz: It does.
0,14eeeyup, Shizuka
00,10so what happend to ergonomic controlers?
pathetic
you guys think the ones who thought up that commercial realize how they just completely emberassed themselves in front of everyone who ever used google in hsi life?
/me is throwing GP at the screen.
GilDash:
This is how SuperBrony64 felt last night on Remix 10
8,6you know I'm right SB :p
/me gets new credit card.
SuperBrony64: I am so buying this
That's the feeling I got when beating Pokemon :)
Metroid =/
the controler could be its own consle
oop, mistype
do not want
Well that was painful to watch.
my tears for the industry
Wii U: Because everyone is an idiot.
Petrified_Discord derp knight the flamable
THAT ACTION FIGURE, IT IS ALIVE D:
Irish_Pony: You already are here,in my heart M3
they fall filled with pain
SuperBrony64: I think the social aspect of gaming is just becomming more and more stronger with this add.
Cottencandy: A CupcakeWarrior ?
<3
WHEN CAN I PRE ORDER
What the heck's on stream?
yes it was
It was
13so it's the "be less jerky" point from last allstaff, which we are getting better at
=/
yes
00,10diffrent=specal
indeed it was different
Gamer_Luna: As are you <3
Invi: A true champion :D
Alittle different ? XD
Me rike very much
actually, i laugh at you right now, chinese man^^
I loved it.
CK|MoarDed: nintendo E3 post-presentatio
Special indeed.
did we rike t?
CK|MoarDed: Nintendo's E3 Keynote presentation.
SPECIAR
It'll be interesting to see how this will be recieved by people...
this looks awesome
Becuase Nintendo has always been so forward with embracing the internet
Mii Wara Wara
/me is playing league of legends
...
bottom left= the true WiiI Console
mii wara wara?
Wara wara
Wara Wara
Mii Wara Wara.
I thought E3 was this week?
/me wara waras
lol
0,14Mii Wara Wara
meme right here
WARA WARA
wii... wara... wara
That was awekward as hell... Damnit Japan, why you make things so strange!
wara wara
Mii Wara Wara.........................................WHAT :|
Wadawada
13we're better at pinpointing troublemakers and nipping them instead of everyone, let's continue doing that
Cottencandy: I'll never thing to get a Wii U again .
00,10wara wara = rabble rabble
8,6Mii Noise
So what have we learned? Absolutely nothing.
incoming gamer meme
04Indeed
So background noise.
robble robble
rabble rabble rabble
This is fucking epic

so hubbub
and if you have no friends?
what're they calling the multiplaer network? wakka lakka zoot zoot YOinK?
04Okay
04Well
From my country
I speak more than 1 language
04Um
And language?
CupcakeWarrior: FEPIC
COOL!
DAYUM
I prefer harumf
woah speech bubbles
04So the last of Slurry's topic is uh
GabeMoist: ^
ever since I lost wii sports, the mii channel is useless
/me laughs lightly
I SEE Gaming Scenes increasing options!
11,02Thanks Nintendo for kicking the crud out of the Xbox 360 and PS3 ^-^
Also, Wii U. Oh god. They'
I am so going to video call everyone
NINTENDO I LOVE U+
They're gonna highlight that all of E3.
SuperBrony64: Havent they always...?
;_;
it's a gun
SuperBrony64 are you serious? you LIKE this?
Hey Curly <3
Cottencandy: * wings start falping *
I have absolutly no desire for this Wii U. They're gonna have to try harder than this
dammit im going to be forced to buy a crappy Xbox 720 just for halo
how can anyone like this
Chrysalis: Some people have no taste.
SB64: Only took them 8 years.
miis love guns
04Alright
hey ^^
I want a gun
how's you?
did he just say..
I'm okay :o
so yeah... it's a 3d interface for lobbies
i refuse to belive that people can be excited for this
05,15what did I miss? what does it do that's so amazing!?
Miiverse
I'm intrugued by this...
Console wars are amusing because they will always be inferior to the PC.
Mebers?
no shiiiit
Oh yay, I can watch the Sony presentation to see if the PS4 will be any good
the miivers
the Miiverse looks a lot like Nintendogs
woooaaaahhh
wooooah
Been busy starting up a company >.<
Dirty console playing peasants.
04Well, he said to skip Brony Funds
So, is the Wii U going to support HD?
Cottencandy: :(
/me is insanely bored now.
Yes.
fluttercry, Mii Wara Wara
you don't say :O
fluttercry: Awesominity...
Kandarihu: Yes
mind blown
I'm not impressed by this at all, and the controllers cannot be practical, they have to cost at least $70 a piece.
kandarihu: ya
Lies down next to Irish_Pony to watch this <3
Pc is still best
pikorar: I'd put the price much, much higher.
^
Kinda lost track of everything else
Gamer_Luna: Aww you...<3
05,15Mii...Wara....Wara?
Darkts3: That's not a console, silly
This looks like a waist of money
When is he gonna announce Nintendogs U?
also, Why is this announcement sounding more like a Training Video for people working at a Restaraunt?
04But it is an important thing to discuss since it's related to BronyState in a way...
Cottencandy: :'(
PC is both best and worse
fluttercry: it's basically the new iphone. ask SuperBrony64
Darkts3 +1 to that
Ohai fluttercry
Vordox: yes it is
11,01Yeah. That's his child.
11,02pikorar: You do realize an Xbox 360 controller is $60...right?
pikorar: Someone just said they would be 200$
Wii U supports 1080p and apparently the internet. So it's finally caught up to the last generation of consoles after only 8 years or so.
fluttercry: it means Mii rabble rabble
fluttercry: you just missed the worst commercial nerd ever :D
fluttercry: *wii wara wara
SuperBrony64: You do realise that the wii is for little girls...right?
CK|MoarDed: Ikr
hey fluttercry hows this day been
how about you?
04Yeah, but he intended for it to be with BronyState during BronyNation
DerpSurge: BEST Commercial GUYS ;)
let me fuck us?
04At least I believe
Congrats, Nintendo, you're only about a decade behind the curve.
CK|MoarDed: not true.. xbox 360 and ps3 run on 720p
2!pokemon
Ran, you are a 4Mew.
04I don't want to put words in his mouth
Teckest
2:<
RAWRity: Welcome to Nitendo Sports Bar. May I take your order?
SuperBrony64: Well then take that and put a screen on it. Maybe $150.
Darkts3: They have 1080p
04So then...do we discuss Brony Funds later when he's around?
if such a touch pad thingy dingie breaks, it will be very expensive
how the hell is a touchscreen simpler
slow tyoing is slow
than a damn keyboard
channel guide
The PS3 is for folks who didn't want a car, Xbox is for frat boys, and the wii is for middle aged women and small children.
sagas: yeah, I'd like a console that doesn't use SD cards for memory.
11,01Depends on if we can get everyone back together when he's around.
Fuck this is gonna be worse than the 3DS
13SuperBrony64: for that price, i could buy six games, lolconsoles
get glasses
I <3 This Gun
that'S probably becasue their tv sucks
=/
so many drawn dicks
>3
Darkts3: Assuming you're correct (and I don't think you are) then that makes it still a good 5-6 years behind. >_>
I <3 Gamer_Luna
so its a bamboo tablet in disguise?
11,02Shizuka: Why can't you let me have fun ;~;
/me hugs SuperBrony64
Dat Wrek ping timeout
/me hugs CupcakeWarrior back ;A;
YAY FLIPNOTE
RAWRity: Best I can do is a thumb drive memory
/me rallies to SuperBrony64's cause
Because dirty console playing peasants.
Crap, I missed Mother's Day
if i would write handwrite, nopony would understand me.... xD
dat flipnote
Nikki! :D
To Your Mom.
I don't want stronger feelings
I'M ON FLIPNOTE HATENA
miiverse keeps sounding like a bad word in my ears
I <3 Irish_Pony
dat pictochat
YOU CAN NOW DRAW PENISES ON YOUR FRIENDS' TVS! HOORAY!
oh wow, damn smileys
does this help me play games?
SuperBrony64: So many "non console" people understand the joy of consoles here. :( Cause they do not have the upbrining of the amazing eras of Console and the experience coming from it.
11,02SCREENSHOTS
13<3
*scrolls down, see dicks* uhhhh moving on
i dont even NEED money to buy my games
Funfact: emoticons already exist :)
00,10pictures to express emotions zomg
OMG SCREENSHOTS
00,10how new
my network bugged out, what happened?
Swapnote, actually
XD
RAWRity lol
How long is this?
This....
05,15Nintendo makes it's money off of nostalgia goggles in my opinion
ZOMG WOOOOOOOOO OSCREENSHOT
Cottencandy: * flys* Who perfers a MLP episode then this video?
RAWRity i will make you proud
I take it Sumica doesn't like Nintendo.
04Motion to postpone Brony Funds until Slurry returns?
0,14OMG
Sumica: We shall call them...emoticons! :O
Naked?
0,14OMG
0,14OMG
00,10sumica dont like bulshit
They're naked?
From a country whose schools still teach writing by hand to a country that types everything out on computers from kindergarden, I'll bet.
yea
how is this company still making money/
Naked.
Cottencandy_111: shut up dont ask for MLP
0,14I SEE A DOUBLE RAINBOW OUTSIDE MY WINDOW
buddon
13second
nekkid
Wii U is naked.
SaxyPretender: What does it mean? :O
this sounds like an absoulute piece of shit
ooo look a mario game how could anyone have guessed
Wii U: IT PRINTS MONEY!
yay, SPAM on my Mario
11,01Yep.
O.o
SaxyPretender: QUICK TAKE A PICTURE
SaxyPretender: :O
Spoilers.
LAWL!
WHOAA THIS SOUNDS SOMETHING LIKE DARK SOULS
SaxyPretender So intense?
euch, mariospam
00,10oh good my friends can see my failures
NO, GIVE SPOILERS.
No! Not spoilers!
spoiler alert
I SEE TROLLING moments here on WII U XD
xd
spoilers
Cottencandy: Fine! we stick with this dum video!*Flys off*
Sumica: that's half the fun
i like how he advertises stuff that has been used by gamers for years already as TOTALLY NEW AND VISIONARY!! one could think he'D be working for apple
Pffft, empathy
Em pah the?
As if you could possibly spoil anything Nintendo does, because they've done it all already.
04I agree as well...anyone else?
empathy between players
CK|MoarDed: Spoiler alert Bowser kidnaps Peach
empathy. in actuality, hate
I agree
*BOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMM*
So now everypony can see how many times SuperBrony64 dies at Ray-Man
Sometimes i think Nintendo isn't that great, but then i look at Microsoft and Sony... and i see they Nintendo may isn't that special, but still better then the other 2
yup, nintendo are in lala land
all this for the price of 100000000 dollars!!
I heard that Portal is gonna be on the Wii U.
done with Slurry?
11,02:<
Vordox: potential trolling, EXCELLENT :D
SOSHAL VINDOW
SPOILERS: Nintendo will be releasing a wii game, a mario game, a zelda game and many many more stagnant IP's
Bobeh: just maybe
riving room
Cant wait to play Batman on Wii U
04No...
Mii game*
00,10problem is this is all based on japanise culture
04He mentioned forums
with the Wii wara wara, insults can be even more personal!
04But
so is the small game a controller
RAWRity: I rather watch him fail and rage at Remix 10
04Since we already said a mouthfull on that
13public ones i think
11,01What gaming IPs aren't stagnant?
00,10it wont transfer well at all to the states
0,5Already discussed
12:O
Sharing across time and space
0,5oh
I thought we discussed the forums enough
Sumica: I agree.
12!POKEMON
Soital, you are a 7Cobalion.
Cottencandy: Did I heard Portal?
04Is it public?
Sumica: and that's bad how?
Sumica true dat
Thats why we need ones
04I don't think so...
0,5Not sure
You forgot to mention that they're also making a new Smash Bros.
let's keep the forums for BN or something
inb4 privacy invasions
Sumica or europe
dem cuts lol
like Dishonoured and last of us
Sumica: Who cares about that "USA" That's so faulty and not even a country anymore?
Sumica: what, they don
mebers
11,01There are very few new IPs nowadays if you exclude the indie scene.
13yeah, that gets rolled in with BN
04But then PS has forums
04I dunno
t have discussion forum or games there?
04We'll figure something out
oh no, DONT get involved in my single player
yep
04ANYWAYS
That is precisely why I replay older titles
get the hell out of my single player
13at this point it would just be a matter of cost and administration, and whether the public would use it
Cottencandy:*Falls* uh oh. *BOOM!*
11,02Space and Time? O.O Time Machine
Vordox: the scary thing is that might be a reality by the time Wii U comes out.
Holy SHIT! THEY HAVE A SPECTATOR MODE!
04Now Slurry is done
04So
00,10I cant speak for europe as i dont live there.
11,01The economy is swaying against new IP adoption.
/me invades Chrysalis' single player :3
wii u it allows time travel
1,11public forums were originally jossed because we were already having issues keeping mod strength up with doing everything else at the time. I don't think that issue has changed in the slightest considering our discussion on that topic earlier.
OMGOMGOMGOMG
Everyone will be able to watch you clop :P
DAFUQ WIIU CAN TRAVEL IN TIME+
Browser are the keep to Mebers
Wow... they are making people be less and less social in real life by making it easy (nearly mandatory) to communicate with random people online...
They should have gotten hologram Carl Sagan to do this.
00,10wii phone!
browser based? so its completely bull then
That's awesome!
Regardless of Time? Nintendo has Time Lords working for them
11,01Spectation in SP?
Miibirth?
Nittany_Discord too risky, which sucks
Sumica: We're embracing quality and diversity, and not something like Xbox :P
PC?
04Nittany is up next, are you ready?
11,01You know why that is bad?
SHWEE DEE ES
Dayum.
/me drools
I can play WiiU with Emperor HiroHito
the MIIverse and the Pro controller sound amazing
0,14XD
11,01My only point is communication.
Nittany_Discord: Because it is shit
11,01But, yeah.
:p
One moa thing!
I got a 3DS
Nitt: There is? I love sometimes just spectating other games, this is for options and possibilities to do something of a more competative gaming
They're trying to be more like Apple
The wii u is going to be SO AWESOME
breaking news, nintendo discovered the internet
0,14I hope this'll be up later, i gotta catch up because DOUBLE RAINBOW
I'm sure this is how most of would sound speaking a different language too.
Sumica: why would it not transfer to the states' culture?
Map of the known Miiverse
one more thing
00,10and :to beanounced:
11,01Because the console can have forced always-on DRM.
prince-lemon: How do you catch updates so quickly?
jackiiiiiie
miiverse=skynet
11,01It's an excuse for it.
Not to be mean but...could they not have hired a spokesperson with a less heavy accident?
Nintendo 3ds... UGH MY EYES
game machine?
00,10diffrent mindsets in gamers Dark_Horst
SaxyPretender: you'll probably find it on the internet somewhere.
Cottencandy: *Walks to them* Netx time, Warning me if I heading torws a mountine.
game machine for me is irrelevant
TVnternet
STOP TALKING AND SHOW US GAMES
family + game machine is not an equation that should ever have a solution
Dat game machine/TV relationship
in effect the fam and the net
The relationship between the game machine and the TV doesn't NEED to be changed. You plug in the cords, the end.
just as long as it can play good games
:|
Nittany_Discord: :D That will never happen.... Right guys?.... Right?
/me remembers the wii want to play wii advertises
Games is only in two days
Chrysalis lol
this is all about Wii U
LOL Batman has no family, he can't experience Wii U like us.
pikorar: I hope that will never become popular
wowwwww
pikorar: x
00,10the miiternet
D
Ohai Shigeru
Chrysalis: It's always been a focus of NIntendo, just check at NES; GAmeCube and more....Compared to PSX and Xbox. :P
04Well, you were talking about having to repeat ideas in SRS
Great
What a nracisits.
04And you didn't like that
Now your paedophille grandfather can watch you through the TV!
Wow! So it's just like Windows 7!
So if you want to watch porn on the small screen
You can watch porn from your video game controllers now
why would i wanna do that?
No games? Then I'm calling it a night.
oh god everyone will see your porn
It plays on the big screen!
anad your folks can see you browsing porn
That acually sounds kinda cool...
I guess this means Tueday's Press Conference will be nothing but games.
DAT BUFFERING RING
NOOOO
Vordox, its something i always hated about nintendos recent pushes
Morning everyone.
11,02Hehe, nice :D
it does but i dont need that on a games console, that would be a cool tv remote
Falls alsleep
Hi XAX
That means you can watch TV AND watch TV at the same time!
allo XAX
11,02Hai XAX :3
family gaming always feels like just dumbing down
Chrysalis: Gaming sociality
SHARE ALL THE PONIES WITH WII U
11,01I don't know if it's just me or if it's a global problem, but there have been many times where I've posted ideas and topics in Skype that get ignored.
Allo XAX
tada PORN
Goodnight Bronystate, see you next time! :D
dat fanfare
hmm Watch Bronystate... with the wii u controller?
HOLY CRAP!
11,02twilight_sprinkle: Hahaha
So you can watch porn on your Wii U and use the curtain to block it from the TV!
._.
Dat fanfare
soooo i wont be able to clop discretely???
04Because things get washed away in Skype
Gamer_Luna: How can you fall asleep! Gaming stuff is on! ;)
SuperBrony64: I am so excited right now
Goodnight DerpSurge! Love you!
hey XAX hows your day been
OH MY GOD..Powerpoint!
04Because of realtime communication
So many people are gonna get caught with porn using this.
Well now im gonna flick shocker images to the TV while people are watching baseball or something
ya...we can watch porn
11,01Not always.
This idea is such a derp.
in reality: everyone spams the television screen with their shit
11,01Let me finish.
00,10.....so how many housholds will make use of that function?
GilDash: Its just Nintendo.
11,02Mario and Zelda O.O
04Go right ahead
CupcakeWarrior: Mii too
Sumica: I will.
11,02I'm listening ;A;
Sumica: none
pikorar: O U STOP IT :D
Mario and Zelda, why won't they die?
lol
Sumica proabbly as many as still use the balance board
You mean, great solution, right?
Miyamoto? <.<
Sumica: but it'll make for cool YOutube Parties
problems not programs
MULTIPLE PROREMS
GilDash: I can't understand the crap his saying :|
/me gives SuperBrony64 a Mario and a Zelda
I can't stop lovin' you, DerpSurge!
Probrems
Gamer_Luna: Listen better. :P
Gamer_Luna: can i hug you?
Darkts3: you can't chat on the IRC though. Wait. Did he mention a built-in keyboard? Or does he still want us to draw all our text?
/me plays with Mario and Zelda ^-^
Om: Whilst I'm not a fan, I know other people might be.
You realize how he hasnt given a price point yet? This is gonna be fucking expensive
11,01Sometimes for example, I'll ask to confirm a time for an interview. I get no response. I bring up an idea in the game dept. No response.
Ghosties: hello
wii beliete it can help!
Sumica: probably 3. and they will bash each other'S heads in ebcasue everyone throws something else at the tv
seconjd best quote by shigeru myamoto
sagas: LAWL!, no
wii believe it enables
"We believe...but we have no proof."
GilDash: I just like his accent.
sagas: I hope so, that might make it unsuccessful.
/me hugs Ghosties
smile smile smile
Alone together.
Wii U is best money printer
00,10guess i am one of the few that is asking why on this system.
MOAR empathy
sharing of more empathy this guyy REALLY doesnt know gaming
sagas: Consoles seem to be getting more and more expensive, so it's not a big surprise
Sumica: This is awesome
reckon the internet brower will actually have flash?
Sumica: You aren't alone.
I've got to go eat everybody, I'll be back!
Sumica: it'S like giving a remote to every family member and unleashing them at primetime
11,01It's like I'm talking to a wall or in an empty room.
/me nods
Bronysith Why?
http://www.nintendo.co.jp/nintendo_direct_pre_e3_2012/en/index.html
Cant wait For Crysis 3 in E3
It's a current Gen console. Wii U should only be $300.
Oh Nintendo
11,01And it slows things down and causes problems like missed events.
together better
/me scoffs at computer screen
Om: Well, I'm impressed he's speaking as well as he is. Gotta be tough.
Together is always better. <3
inb4 stalking
Together better? Uh...you need a verb there dude :/
best slogan ever
Gamer_Luna: nvm
13talking off the top of my head here, but i think that's a problem with authority
So...it has internet?
Acleps: But this isnt a console! ITS A FUCKING CONSOLE ACCESSORY!
Alone together?
13as in
Tov,but then you have the conotrollers
13who has the authoritative answer for X at the time
WOOP DEE FUCKING DOO.
controllers*
Meanwhile: eeyup.
If there is a way to describe Wii U, it's "overpriced iPad functionality that existed five years ago"~
/me stalks CupcakeWarrior
Sumica: possibler
Petrified_Discord: Lol
/me is paranoid now 0_0
Acleps: This is getting out of hand
0,5^^^
alexxm: Short and average
*iPaid with
04Yeah, and I know what you mean
Cottencandy: *sighs* " As the pony walks down into the forest, The sun was going down. If only she had wings she could fly Out of this forest and grab help. But as unicorn, she can't fly. So she's stuck in the forets." I hate to it but, I LOVE THIS BOOK!
I wont
Dokuso?
Om: There are natural born English speakers that I understand less thant him. :D
DSI IS OKAY
04Kinda have the same problem with Art
he wants your family to watch when you play with yourself
13bystander syndrome too, it's likely we're all thinking "someone else knows"
Ohai MahBoi777
Dat Big Brother Nintendo
0,5See Nitt, I cant often answer your question in the podcast dept
04Exactly what Shizu just said
Who is streaming this?
00,10I dont know any familys that are gonna be able to make use of all this stuff
04"Someone else knows"
hey Petrified_Discord:P how are u?
GilDash: try living in kentucky. The accents are atrocious, lol
Is getting bored,so starts to play With Irish_Pony 's Hair
Please don't.
0,5because It's not my decision most of the time
the WiiU IS NOT ONLY THE GAME PAD, it is A NEW CONSOLE, because it needs MORE POWER for MODERN GAMERS!
04"Someone else will handle it"
sagas: I know... PS4 might cost nearly a thousand dollars. That's getting ridiculous
Sumica: So?
MahBoi777: howdy!
Nitendo: The Apple of the console video gaming world!
wiiuwiiuwiiu
11,01That needs to stop.
hey Sylandest!
Please provide something else besides the Wii U for E3, please.
MahBoi777: Not bad. Back on the grid after visiting old people :)
13indeed
PLEASE.
04I agree fully
MahBoi777: how are you today?
04But
WELCOME
sagas, please never say that again :/
twitty
/me applauds heavily
00,10just saying Vordox
04How do you make people talk?
lol
Gamer_Luna: Oi! *ruffles her mane*
11,01I know people are AFK, but I'd like timely answers to things.
TWEETING?!
Sumica: There is one thing you don't think about or are missing, options and diversity is never a bad thing, it is tere to be used only if you find it intersting enough to do?
lets spam it
tweetah
11,01I don't know.
XD
Petrified_Discord: that's good
I give no fucks about the 3DS. JUST TELL ME WHEN B/W 2 COME OUT IN THE US.
If the console is off, can I still play games on the pad?
GilDash: Never heard it before :\
04That's our problem ._.
Lil_B: You know it's true!
11,02YES
THANK YOU SO MUCH NINTENDO
04Negative reinforcement is bad
compreete
04But
bye Japanese guy!
tWIItter
THANKS YOU
Sumica: Just saying "who would use it all" is like "Playing every game" or "Watching every art" or "Seeing every movie"
I know Sumica, especially when they don't know it can connect to the internet
/me hugs Nintendo
04I mean
wow
Five bits says I don't care about anything that shows up at E3 at all.
http://memegenerator.net/instance/21425350
04What else do we have?
Sylandest: I'm doin great, how about u?:)
13a third motivator is "i think i have an answer, but i don't think it's final, but everyone will think it's final"
THAAAANKS
00,10it's reinventing the wheel and calling it the miiwheel
/me hugs Nintendo
Sumica. The options and diversity is never a bad thing,. Really.
I hate the 3DS, DSI'S FOR EVER!
Irish_Pony: My mane is always ruffled :)
/me marries nintendo
well that was enjoyable
Sumica: Meel?
MahBoi777: tired, but happy to be free from work
13(see, trilogy month >>)
Well, at least the Wii U has promising online features.
11,02One more time :3
It was live?
Japan ftwwww
11,01Lack of feedback on ideas is causing the gaming dept problems.
YES
I cant wait till this thing comes out
Om: A thick Scottish accent can be nigh on impossible to understand, even in England.
04Do we maybe reassess teams?
YESYESYES
/me explodes
Acleps: If it gets that expensive, I might be willing to lay down the money and finally build my own gaming PC
lol
urghhhh
Tov, really, promising, theyt all look abysmal
Sylandest: finally free lol
wow it was live?
Wow.
everything i saw today is exactly the same stuff i coukd do with a laptop and internet
Gamer_Luna: Well then I can do this then...*kisses neck*
huh it was live
SuperBrony64 are you really /that/ in love with nintendo that you're willing to spend money on that crap?
i dont get how that'S innovative
Back to A:TLA?!
It all depends on total centralization to Nintendo's servers.
>_>
http://memegenerator.net/instance/21425350
GilDash: Thick anything is hard to understand.
just old gen tech with a bit of a spit shine
YAAAAY
MahBoi777: eeyup, I am! :D
Sumica: There was so many new ideas into this, that has only been marked as "minor things in gaming" but they are putting more effort and visibility into it. And as for social aspect of it, it's quite a grander new change within gaming to make it more of a market ware
IT LOOKS AMAZING
WOO
So basically Nintendo E3 will be exactly as predicted: Wii U.
Well that was shit....
Meanwhile: Dont diss the Wii U, its awesome
11,02Meanwhile: ;^;
CupcakeWarrior: It's spit in a bucket.
Wii U is terrible
Sumica: Etc etc Console console Social etc local etc no internet etc etc... :P
CK|MoarDed: and some games TBA
still wont play dvds
13i think wiki will be helpful here, being a document everyone edits and discusses on, so that you can say "hey i think x" at one time, but it's not taken as set in stone then and there
Cottencandy: uh whats this *turns on fan for 10 secs and has her mane looking like a mess* Well, I know what it dose at lease.
I remember when E3 WAS the surprise. There was no pre-E3. *sighs* :/
Om: My point that he was easier to understand still stands.
13we have a tendency to just run with something instead of examine it to see if we can do better
sagas the Price of their producs in releation to what they can do, is better then ether Apple, Microsoft or Sony
i have to agree with meanwhile on his opinion here
thats a shame
cachi01: Many of which STILL aren't out. Don't forget that.
11,02inb4 Super Mario Galaxy 3
11,01Yeah.
I cant believe anyone DOESNT want the Wii U
THIS JUST IN: WII U IS A BIG FLOP!
Meanwhile: y u no liek?
04As long as you can make sure that it's not finalized, that it would be in a discussion page
GilDash: I never dissagreed with you on that.
Petrified_Discord: good times
inorite, SuperBrony64
http://memegenerator.net/instance/21425437
at least they're taking advantage of the internet, but sadly the majority of consumers don't even know it can connect to the internet
I finally reached platinum status on club nintendo
11,01And ideas can die when not followed through.
Irish_Pony: "Giggles" Irish,you cutie <3
04"Possible Solutions"
Cottencandy: Rarity? Are you thier
13right, and would go out to the main page when ready
11,02Earthbound 3DS!
WANT
Gamer_Luna: <3
I WANT SUPER MARIO SUNSHINE 2!
Pinkies4thWall: Try because it's utterly pointless.
00,10yay they watthered down the pc and internet and boxed it up all shiny and new and want to charge me for it again.
i dont like the Wii so i know i wont like the Wii U... its just another gimmick that nintendo is making to get your money... and of course people will buy that crap...
SuperBrony64: how do you do that?
notice how he didn't mention what the launch games will be
SuperBrony64 in fils-aime's dreams
Sumica: What...?
What Sumica said.
i hope they annouce a 3ds lite
SuperBrony64: 3D Giygas. :O
GilDash: Just that some words sounded funy xD
cachi01: aw man I loved that game
Sumica: PC is NOT A FRICKING CONSOLE! IT'S A FRICKING PLATFORM
CupcakeWarrior: there's nothing new about tat thing. it'S a notebook with internet, stuffed into different shape
04Alright, so then that means the wiki would have to be made very soon
Meanwhile: alright, who is your god?
11,01At best, we need to work on timely communication on time-sensitive problems.
11,02Sumica: Moo ;~;
Because we'd much rather have this long drawn out speech during the conference in front of millions of watchers. I doubt 100k saw this right now.
Sumica: They are NOT the same
Don't get me wrong, if it's cheap enough I might be interested.
04If we're really trying to get this thing going, then let's not wait
SuperBrony64: Moo
Dark_Horst: So? Its till going to be awesome
Pinkies4thWall: I have no God.
But no price point yet. So I'm not interested yet.
11,01Yeah.
Lil_B: I dont know... I feel they are targeting the inexperienced casual users with overpriced and under-powered hardware just like Apple
13similarly, an idea gets brought up, maybe a brain dump or two on details, but then we don't discuss until SURPRISE it's time for the idea to happen
going to bed! Good night everypony :)
0,14>rainbow gone
Personally, I fear too much centralization. I don't have a Facebok account. I hardly ever visit Twitter. I have extensions on my Firefox to limit what Google and the producers of tracking cookies know about me. So this honestly scares me.
Om: He did very well at least. I can imagine how hard it would be.
I still have my DS Lite from launch day. Fuck yo various incarnations! :D
night Airpuff
Airpuff: Aw. :(
Airpuff: Happy tuseday!
gnight Airpuff! sleep well
Meanwhile: you don't play games?
/me hugs Airpuff.
Are we gonna watch something else?
0,14>forgot to take a picture of the rainbow with my RD blind bag
in other news, pinkie pie graduates from loonytoon acadamy http://derpy.me/zIgFt
Om: Thanks -.-
0,14I AM A FOOL
04Well then that's just motivation on the thinker's behalf
13then we start scrambling for details
Im guessing me and SB are the only ones who like the wii u then?
sagas: Sony will make a console which they can make the most profit out of. They wat it has been going is that they get more and more expensive
you people are all sheep... following the herd towards some new shiny thing that will most likely suck...
04That would mean they would have to dump their idea in the discussions page
11,02I want the Wii U now ;A;
GilDash: I know when I learned German, my accent was...Not the best xD but that was a while ago.
04Before it's time for an idea
sagas all of these companys are scummy, I just feel like Nintendo is the least scummiest
Midnight_Fyre but. . .it's so shin
SaxyPretender: take a pic of RD, post it link it, and call it good.
*shiny
CupcakeWarrior you two are the ones who need shipping to the men in white coats, and padded walls
11,01Should we start posting ideas on the forums/wiki?
soooooooooo now what?
Om: I really should try learning another language sometime...
CupcakeWarrior: that's like taking the engine and weels from a car, putting it into a boat and saying"that'S awesome"
13which should work well
04If we're doing wiki
0,14hmm, might have to do that
SuperBrony64: No one else wants it except us D:
SuperBrony64 timetravel in the future is technically possible ^^
0,14also, I'm interested in Wii U
I''l wait
Pinkies4thWall: I'm unfamiliar with that expression so pardon me, I'm part of the glorious PC gaming master race.
04Then the wiki should be up son
04*soon
Dken2021_: that's the Acme Looniversity. Did you miss out on Tiny Toon Adventures?
/me hugs SaxyPretender
Midnight_Fyre: funfact: whenever somebody calls people sheep or sheeple, they immediately lose all credibility.
13i think that's one of the biggest failures of the current forums, that all ideas are in one section
11,02Time travel is only possible when the Wii U comes out ;A;
Ran Ran Wii U!!
13things get lost
Kandarihu it's been awhile since I watched the show ok?
13we go to comment on some past thing and everything else gets pushed down
I want the WiiU to fall and break a hip.
GilDash: Its supposably good for your brain.
04You'd still need organization for the wiki too though
11,01I'm so used to forums that I don't know how a Wiki will work for real-time discussions.
SuperBrony64: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2107/
cachi01 why are you waiting at all
Wii U is a time machine?? awesome
>:U
its terrible
I just wonder how you will train everyone
I want the new SSB
13for the wiki, it turns into proper categories that don't care about when you commented
Chrysalis: NOPE IT LOOKS AWESOME
cachi01: If you are that huped for it, you will be disappointed
Meanwhile: I can see we're done here. PONIES.
Dken2021_: me too, but I still remember it.
sooo... when'S Sumica cominf back one?
but that's a different discussion
Pinkies4thWall: Ponies indeed.
*on
00,10You are right they are not the same. they are selling you a wattered down version of it
PONIES!
sagas: i dont care if ithas a zelda game on it I WILL BUY IT
Om: Well, there we go then. I should pick it up in no time. ;)
:\
So, I'll bet if the middle of the screen weren't white, we'd be able to see the buffering circle?
Cottencandy: Who likes Portal
sagas: except for the cd-i............
02LOL
what is next?
/me hugs Sumica. Why all the hate?
02I thought I was the only one who stalked Nintendo.co.jp XD
I cant wait! :)
13i think that's a probable reason we don't do idea threads much at all
GilDash: e_e not sure if there was a joke in there.
00,10hate what hate.
Sumica watered down, and covered in wool just in case you hurt yourself on a corner
cachi01: It looks awesome, but now you'll have the chance to find out IS it awesome. It might be useless after all...
dislike?
honestly super smash bros is the only reason i'm intreasted in this consle
well... looking up pics of the wii u and i have to say... it looks absolutely retarded... like the merging of the Wii and a DS...
Well, maybe we will see a Pippin 2 by apple this year :/
alexxm me too
inb4 when I buy it, I end up only using it for the internet
JUST GIVE ME ZELDA :[
cachi01: The zelda game will probably be playable without the wii u. The wii u just seems so gimmiky
seriously, people complain about drm and all that, then companies come out with crap like that as a console
CottenCandy: CUPCAKE AND TEATIME!!!!!!!!!
Om: ... Neither am I. ;) is becoming muscle memory for replying to you. :D
MY BODY IS READY
/me is still salivating
Chrysalis: The Wii U is NOT BAD :<
CupcakeWarrior: It is.
^
NO IT ISNT
It is.
CupcakeWarrior i know, its terrible
GilDash: Great now I'm just going to be getting confued.
10for Skylands
it isnt
04So, with that, I'm hoping that not only Nitt's point but the COMMUNICATION OVERSIGHT will be effectively resolved
More
aye and a rights structure
its not bad im just not interesting to me
Dark_Horst: Laptop is hardly handheld
11,01I just hope for timely communication.
I might camp out to buy this
Chrysalis: No, its a console ACCESSORY. Making it even more pathetic
04^
04So then
and thats if im being generous
Why is the Wii U bad? *ignores answers*
CupcakeWarrior: Lol
Cottencandy: DOSE ANYPONY WANT CUPCAKES OR TEA?
04What does that mean for SRS?
sagas: Why would they be available for older consoles? If it would be only for Wii U, Nintendo would force all Zelda fans to get a the Wii U. That's what Nintendo wants
Om: So am I, if it's any consolation. ;)
PinkiePry: what, you bolt yours to the table?
02nonono
02for Cube
02;3
Wut?
GilDash: I... don't know e__e
buffer buffer
http://memegenerator.net/instance/21425437
Pinkies4thWall: what, you bolt yours to the table?
What is this? Microsoft's XBOX presentation? If the black and green are an indication
YAY WII
Acleps: IM TRYING TO BE OPTOMISTIC HERE!
:D Dark_Horst
PinkiePry: dont worry, wrong ping
ohai wii
Acleps: well, Pokemon B/W 2 are coming out for the DS instead of the 3DS, so who knows?
lol
Oh, Nintendo.
dat green at the top*
dat green bar
AND BUFFERS.
Irish_Pony: Found a way to make a group!I hope you join ;)
11,01It should be used for important matters.
Wii U is best pony
10Guy talking on the video talks like a robot, lrn2properEnglish
I don't even see how its hateable.
11,01Watch X in chat.
11,01What movies won the lottery.
Gamer_Luna: Of course <3
SuperBrony64: i think u have a little prob with the capture card
Ohai Wrek
04But no doubt ideas would be brought up
hi Wrek!
sagas: Oh... Well, if you ask me, I would want to get the Wii U if it turns out to be awesome, and not THAT expensive
04So then just make sure the idea is implemented in the wiki
04?
um whos going to stream?
allo there Wrek
Cottencandy: I guess... I'm hated...*Turns grey*
05hey
13yep
Bronysith: SuperBrony64
PinkiePry: oisome
RAWRity: Oh? I didn't know that...
03<Skylands> for Skylands <- you're implying you're hard to handle?
/me runs
04Works for me
nom nom nom
04Hopefully it works completely, though
I don't hate it. But I recognize that it's using technology that existed at least 5 years ago and am not buying into the blind notion of it being revolutionary and new.
RAWRity: They gotta force people to buy it someway and nostalgic fanboys have deep pockets
04Alright, well
/me gives wrek a pony
05sorry
Discored Cottencandy: I'm the hated one....
05what poitn are we on?
12EW FINDING SINGING FILES
11,01Done.
/me noms CeilingKirz
12DELETE ALL
Having faith in Nintendo to do something useful is like having faith in cheese to double as a life raft.
10drf, yep
04You're next, Wrek
Princess_Molestia: are you there?
11,01Oh nvm.
03proof
/me hides
yes
05ok gimmie a sec to type up.
Meanwhile: epic faith
04Alrighty
/me hugs Cottencandy_111
Princess_Molestia is here? Hai there
02Skylands, his native language is Japanese :P
are you ready Princess_Molestia
http://memegenerator.net/instance/21425787 Worst...joke...ever....
10BlueFlare, no duh
Skylands do you have recording of your voice?
Discorded Cottencandy: Thanks?
10Jun, no
04Hmm...6:40 PM...not too bad
well, i myself woldnt need one. even if they were cheap as bananas. it's not like you could play fallout or battlefield on thaz thing

But it has gyro control so I guess that makes the WHOLE thing gimmicky
ooooh new harvest moon game
10drf, proof how? It's not like HML and I can meet up and record our sexytimes
13five hours, but we're resolving things better than last time
Not for you Akexxm
HEY KIDS! Flare is back! :D
Irish_Pony: I know a worse one: What do you do with a cricket ball?
???????????:LETS PARTY!!!!!
11,01We're on our last point.
10Anyways, dinner
Irish_Pony: It was kinda funny >.>
hey FlareChaser!
Irish_Pony: Wait... Is Equestria in Africa :O?
Irish_Pony: Wack it!
FlareChaser!
Wait. The stream is back?
04Yes
Acleps: yes it is
04But
Princess_Molestia: Hi there ;)
04We still have department matters
what if you do ( )
GilDash: I dont get it :S
Princess_Molestia: are you ready now?
*arms
HEALTH AND SAFETY
also im still very buissy with Tax, hes enjoying himself rather much.
Discored Cottencandy: *Pushes the cupcakes back*
who needs safety??
Irish_Pony: That's the point. It's a *crap* joke.
Princess_Molestia: Well hurry up then
/me jumps off a building
cachi01: Ummm... what?
Princess_Molestia: Sister?Wat are you doing here again?
Irish_Pony: Told you I knew a worse joke. ;)
Acleps: yes equestria is in africa
NOOO MahBoi777!
Gamer_Luna: Molesting of course
cachi01: Time for GOOGLE!
Princess_Molestia: You're in and out a lot these days, your majesty.
wat
lol
Knowing what you know now, how much would you be willing to pay for the Wii U?
0,14$200 or so
GilDash: If you know what I mean
Discorded Cottencandy: I perfe a apple.
sagas: an overripe banana
sagas: 250 - 300
GilDash: Now that had to of been a joke
sagas: up to $325
Hai
Dark_Horst: Sounds reasonable
sagas at least $250
599 US DOLLARS
cachi01, Kandarihu: wow... That's strange
I eould pay NOTHING! Because I'm not buying it :|
Kandarihu: yeah i know but i mean there is a equestria in africa
oh no :(
*would'
hey Herp_Derp hows your day been
/me glomps CCCP
ONE MILLION MONEY
CupcakeWarrior: Why does my sister always molest ponies?Whendid this start?I think it was after he trapped me in the moon.maybe?
/me hugs CupcakeWarrior
$300 I'm expecting it to only be a scosh more powerful than the HD twins
What're we talking about?
More than $300 is a rip off for a new console in this economy, especially for technology that has existed this long.
Please stop sending me mesages for a while, my hooves are full atm.
Gamer_Luna: Not sure
Pinkies4thWall: ALL the money
Is it the cost of the Wii thing?
CCCP: What's wrong? :(
CupcakeWarrior, Om: Oh, Princess_Molestia knows what I mean. ;)
Discored Cottencandy: WHERE ARE THE APPLES!* Turns evenmore greyish color*
Because if so, I'll take if Nintendo pays me.
YOU MAKE VIDEO NOE
See people! This is why new hardware is so overpriced
*NOW
12LOL
/me hugs CCCP
alexxm: It's been ok so far, other than the heat... T.T
Ponies47: im failing school and i don't know what to do
http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5030/5769310899_815c09ddea.jpg
/me hugs alexxm
/me hugs Herp_Derp
GilDash: I bet she does.
lyra plushie is why WII U is will be overpriced!!!!!!!!
CCCP: O dear. :(
sagas: Nintendo hardware isn't overpriced.
sagas: why?
11,01Someone's narrating Moonstuck. What are they going to use for my voice when they get to my answers?
Irish_Pony: The group will soon be up!I'll send you the link when it is :)
/me hugs CCCP
CK|MoarDed: The thing they want money for, is that the technology hasn't been combine in the specific way yet
11,01K.
11,02Sorry, fixing stream
^ck
Gamer_Luna: Yay <3
The constitution of the current South African government calls for Social Justice. We don't see anything of the sort in MLP FiM
/me fixes SuperBrony64
/me CupcakeWarrior again
^ CK|MoarDed
sagas: They purposely use technology a few years out of date to keep costs down.
cachi01: Wat?
/me hugs back alexxm:
oh for pete'S sake, somebody slam this sillineyy into a halt with an episode of avatar
Discored Cottencandy: Here i'm put a hater on [Hello!] Thats a hater! THATS HOW DUM THEY SOUND!
Acleps: nuthing lol u know about lyra plushie?
I'm havin' burgers
x3
/me hugs SuperBrony64 and brushes his mane. I still wub you.
awwwww
cachi01: Umm... I know about lyra, and I know what a plushie is...
11,02^-^
Whereas Sony is the opposite: they use cutting-edge technology, often before they've worked out the bugs. So they have their own host of problems.
11,02all the wub /)^3^(\
lol
/me would use the lyra plushie as a cup holder
I just hope won't sell the Wii U for a loss like they're currently doing for the 3DS.
/me pokes SuperBrony64
Hi everyponeh :D
Acleps: ok lyra plushie is just.... just.... ughhhh search it on know your meme or google
the lyra plushy is really funny
I'm pretty good :)
11,02wub :3
SuperBrony64: I wub woo
I'm back people, I feasted on mutton and cheap mead until my muscles exploded.
11,01I would use that plushie as a shoe. =p
lali-ho Resonantwaves!
I got a motorcycle jacket and gloves yesterday \o/
CCCP: You can use it for anything!
Nittany_Discord: lol
and a friend's lending me a helmet
CupcakeWarrior: ikr! lol
(O_O)/) herro
03ew burgers
03chicken ftw
Discorded Cottencandy: Thier not a DOCTOR. THIER NOT A LOVED ONE! THEY DON'T EVEN HAVE FULL TIME JOB OR A FRIEND!
hi Resonantwaves
RYTHM FEVER
http://i.imgur.com/pDKcJ.jpg
http://uk.ign.com/articles/2012/06/03/e3-2012-nintendo-shows-off-wii-u-pro-controller
wow
STREAM
dance fever!!!
Hi Resonantwaves, I love you!
oh netflix!!!!!!!!!
cachi01:...... OH GOD NO!
totally doesn't look like a 360 controller
wii?!? O_O
hey Resonantwaves
XDDDDDDD
NETFLIX HAS PONIES!
SuperBrony64: I wub u :3
Pinkies4thWall: Because people are willing to pay over $250 for an untested piece of hardware. It basicly adds a touch-screen tablet to the Wii. Thats it. I feel we did the same thin with the 3DS whne they released it for $300!
Nittany_Discord: I wonder if it'd hold beer? :S
NETFLIX YAAAAAY! :)
Gamer_Luna: Oh look movie! <3
Hey pikorar! :)
ohai netflix
Acleps: yyeah xd dat plushie
11,02^-^
03LOL
Hi Acleps.
netflex has mlp!!! :D :D :D
03Nintendo is just stupid
I know right
:P
CK|MoarDed: They could afford to do something that stupid. Lol, videogame industry.
03why are people even caring anymore
@ controller
Discored Cottencady: OK! WHAT ARE WE WATCHING?
we should watch shin chan
cachi01: I saw the description, I was too afraid to scroll down
dat will ferrell?
IT DOES I SAW MLP FIM! :)
11,01I loved how the 360 was never recalled despite being defective as hell.
because they still make good games? *runs
:D!!!
Runs to Irish_Pony and lies down next to him
HOLYSHITPONIES
/me hugs Acleps and pikorar.
but wow...
dat Matthew
02um
Mii Wara Wara
No need for the question mark cachi01. It's DAT WILL FERRELL!
Gamer_Luna: <3
mfw nrxtflix doesn't have g3 ponies :(
King of the hiil again pls!
03they make mostly shovelweare
03*ware
Videogames were projected to make Hollywood money. That doesn't seem to be the case.
dat Heavy
02that's pretty awesome
pikorar: I hope you enjoyed your dinner :3
11,011/3 to 1/2 fail rate.
sagas: Except that $300 is closer to what it's worth. Go look up the price of a Wii and an iPad, put them together, I bet you they do not cost $300 bucks total at retail.
Acleps: it has a hole in well u must see the pic
it said new epesodes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
nextflix*
:D
PARKS AND REC!
netflix**
Nittany_Discord: They *did* replace a lot of them. And my old gen 1 xbox 360 still runs to this day.
all the graphicswhores fanboys will explode in laughter at that article
dat Chobits
WHO
Doctor Who!
02I always wanted Nintendo to make a real controller like that :P
Doctor whoRE
Indeed I did, Acleps. Indeed I did.
YEAH!
uuh who
:3
ewww this show
yay
does anyone know if the simpsons are on netflix?
kinect/move?
YES!
:P
AAH BBC 3:
yay
11,01They did extend warranties.
Not Chobits.
cachi01: Yeah, I understood from the description. My imagintaion did the rest :/
ive actually never seen this show!! :P
what?
nop.avi
What a tease XD
11,01Still have gone through three of them, though.
O U
D:
NOO!
Stop teasin'!
Acleps: xd
I don't want to see Chobits
03I never said the other companies didn't make shovelware
oi... what was that?
Discored Cottencandy: PLEASE ANYTIME BUT LOST TAPES! IT GIVES ME NIGHTMARES!
sagas: you forget that it costs money to make things like this with expensive components. that factors into the price
Oh god
03but at least most XBL Arcade titles are worth getting
DOCTOR WHOOO!
03unlike WiiWare
only have 2 seconds, but HEY ALL :)
11,01But now I have my third PS3 failure.
05So. My point was to see if we can "update" the webchat client to show kicks and maybe even bans. this would sort alot of confusion on many points. a few that come to mind is that people will actually see kicks. and they will see the reasons. they will stop asking "why was he kicked" and so on becasue they can now read it themselves. since they aslo can see the kick reason its much easier
5for the regular user to determine if mod to mod kicks are joke kicks mainly due to the message that they come with are there. so that will save some explaining to otehr users and otehr users may have an easier time aswell. and when people are kicked then? I have noticed that 90% of the time they either rejoin and go "WTF WHY WUZ I KIKKED?" due to them being too lazy to read the kick message.
Gabriel Iglesisas? Yes.
5IIRC right now its black text on a dark grey backround so i can to a certain degree understand why some cant be bothered reading it. but if at all possible have the kick message (in white) be "you have been kicked by X [because]" then a checkbox (or something) that says "I have read my kick message" or something. and then you can hit OK and be on your way. combined with the possible future
5ToS and rules update. jsut something that will generally improve some of the flaws I personally find with it currently.
PARKS AND Rec?
i agree with this
eh?
DOCTOR WHO!
0,5HOLY TEXT WALL BATMAN
GOOD MORNING USAAAAA
11,01Current-gen consoles were just poorly made at the start.
I'm fine with Dr Who
yeah I know but people just like to single out nintendo because...its nintendo I guess
OR MLP
cachi01: ikr
DR WHO!!!!
CK|MoarDed: I dont know I can trust Nitendos prices after the 3DS. They literally had to come out on stage, lower the price by $75, and hold their head in shame
did i read star trek?
also i hate the new look wii u controller too its fatter :/
noooooooooooooo
cachi01 I got a feeling that it's gonna be a wonderful day
:P
CupcakeWarrior: Because vampire boobs.
Star Trek is best pony.
OH GOD NO
CupcakeWarrior: cuz... uhhhhhh
Dark_Horst: ya thats a episode
Good morning Canada :|
I've NEVER seen Dr. Who...
:/
GOD NO
XD
and the helmet:
http://i121.photobucket.com/albums/o225/fallenangei/IMG_20120603_130255.jpg
Discorded Cottencandy: Oh where watching crapo that anypony would hate.
:(
Dislike this show. Not watching
:|
/me walks in the chat
SuperBrony64: please stop watching this
So much Patriotism... :P
Kandarihu: I just hate the show in general
higher than dude at wheezer's concert lol
people like you?
Dken2021_: the sun in the sky has a smile on its face
CK|MoarDed: While appologizing for their failure
dat dude at weezer concert
good episode
and gloves:
http://i121.photobucket.com/albums/o225/fallenangei/IMG_20120603_130402.jpg
Kandarihu: u are ameriican?
This is exactly like Family Guy
GOOD MORNING MEXICOOO
sagas: And they're selling the 3DS at a loss. The console costs them more to make than they sell it for.
I want to see what the anime is like
Puts head on on Irish_Pony 's neck to get comfy :)
CCCP: yes.
dat man
but back to that pro controller, damn...what were they thinking?
Kandarihu: :o i am too
Gamer_Luna: <3
03they weren;t.
face
I'm not sure if we have control over that or if it's a feature of the embedded client
lol
XD
11,02Kandarihu: What are you talking about? This is like the first time I've played this show in months
sagas: $300 is about right for Wii U's functionality at present.
Irish_Pony: <3
I DON'T WANNA WATCH THIS!
haha ITS ELVISH!!!
ok so now that I ate, what's going on in here
lol
Japanese
O_O
best part coming up
=DD
THAT"S AN APACHE
xD
XD
and he's dea
/me wonders if he should un-ignore Kandarihu.
Stupid
Lol.
:D
It seems slimmer O.o
lol
haha
And he's dead.
well crap
still I will say the 360 is the most comfortable to hold controller so Im happy in a way
o.o
02inb4: people thinking they're gangsters when they pick on new stuff
XD
or at least just longer
Denied
11,01Kandarihu: Why do you complain so much?
05well something gotta be done becasue as it is now its too faulty in my oppinion.
and ded xD
Discored Cottencandy: I perfered Watching someone playing Portal prelude then watching this crapo.
o_o
13to my knowledge, we can't set lightIRC to show kicks, which is a problem
XD
13Iris however does things properly
CK|MoarDed: Ill hold my judgement until I see it come out for a while and is reviewed
but for someone who tries to try different things I find it appaling they would do that with the pro controller
/me 11,01hugs StupidSexyCJ
Nittany_Discord: Think he's a pure realist
13two issues with making it default, one less important than the other
XD
1,11So, we need to switch chat clients again?
0,5Didnt Phase4 says this would be easy earlier?
Ow
13first is only lightIRC has the pony emotes, i for one wouldn't miss them
0,5Or something?
XD
His son wanks. Explanation.
dat hand
/me is hugged
8,6Charger!
NERD!
Elf power.
Awww yeah
Hygiene is best
and o hai Nittany_Discord
13second is that i get conflicting messages from ircops about whether switching is okay
CeilingKirz: AHHHH
0_0
STOP MAKING FUN OF ME!
Worthy hygiene lol
oh its Dan!
SuperBrony64: could you at least play The Goodes to balance out the bigoted ridicule? Oh, that show got canned early. Didn't it?
FlareChaser: lol
CeilingKirz: why u in my ceiling?
Hey look, it's me.
13from one i hear that making Iris default is perfectly fine, even with our spikes
I cast magic missile into the darkness
04Hmm
dat worthy hygien
NO, NOT THE TROLL KING!
dem ballons
sweater meat
LOL sweater meat
04You guys are talking about the webclient that's embedded, yes?
13from another (rumor anyway) i hear that someone's very against it, for server load
Bronysith: CeilingKirz is watching you clop to ponies.
-_^
dem fake bewbz
lol
02People go baww whenever someone makes something different, then they do the same when they re-use something old
=/
xD
02lol
11,01I should give you $5 for that drawing of me despite it not being 100%. I've grown to like it.
FlareChaser: nooo
/me noms FlareChaser and Octavia
Oh XD
XD
lol
FlareChaser: hes watching me buck with Princess_Molestia
FlareChaser: you can clop to things other than ponies?
Nittany_Discord: lol thank you
XD
rofl
:D
He takes a lot of balls to the face.
hey everypony:)
sagas: You can do that, just don't claim it's not about that price. $300 is probably about right. :p
Okay. I went too far with that.
02anyhow, bbl
test
ow
SANDVICH! :D
pikorar: i see what you did there
hey optimus-spike24
hai optimus-spike24
Hi optimus-spike24! I love you!
Well time to play TF2 D:
Blender sandwich.
I know
hi optimus-spike24
HI optimus-spike24!
Discorded Cottoncandy: Oh Really Discord?
xD
gamers nowadays
lol
Nittany_Discord: glad you liked it
xd
11,01StupidSexyCJ: Do you have a dA?
dat kick
hes a brony
CeilingKirz: did you say you want to be part of the vid or just support it
Hey hey hey optimus-spike24 :)
11,01I'd link you on my Tumblr with the image.
who got kicked CupcakeWarrior ?
Nittany_Discord: Who doesnt have a DA?
Logic.
11,01I don't.
dat fish drive
SuperBrony64: That "My family is perfect" sense...XD
Dat psychosis.
lol
Irish_Pony: me.
Nittany_Discord: WELL GET ONE DAMNIT!
Fish XD
i dont have a da either
CCCP: Someone named himself wreks bitch
04Guys?
05known issue that i jsut found by testing is that the join a cahnnel window pops up in front of the kick reason
Nittany_Discord: dat answer
13if it turns out the ircops are fine with us making Iris default, that would solve our kicking problem
klaus becomes crazy
CupcakeWarrior: wow
04We are talking about the embedded chat client in BronyState, yes?
lol
05yes
13yeah, lightIRC is poorly designed in that regard, yes ghosties
Discorded Cottencandy: I'LL GET A NURSE!
04Ah, okay
04Because I'm using mIRC
11,01I don't do Art. I found use in having a Tumblr blog, though.
04And I can see kick messages :D
Seeing as how everyone in Nintendo took a huge salary cut, I'm guessing Nintendo doesn't have a lot of money stored away.
....
klingon wedding.... that could be interesting
uhhhh what
13those of us on our own clients obviously don't have the problem :3
tbh the pro controller will have been a direct response to those 'hardcore' militants who spat their dummies out and kicked all over because they just want to keep the way they play games the same, I mean the medium is lik 40 years old now and we're still using buttons and controllers
/me follows Nittany_Discord on Tumblr
XD
BANGCOK
13but we're the minority obviously
04Yeah
...That one kid sounds like Dan from Dan Vs.
CK|MoarDed: Im just skeptical about a console accessory that costs more than the console itself.
conclusion: the webchat client needs some... modification
04It would be too much to ask them to get mIRC
Wreks_bitch, change the name
9,1indeed. Additionally, Shizu...Iris equates to a higher server load?
The reason I hate this show is that the protagonist is a mockery of a lot of what I identify with.
04They'd have to pay
???:Anypony Discored?
DAT PORKCHOP
13that's what i'm a bit hazy on dcd
And to think, Im a fan of the Orioels :)
05CeilingKirz: sorry
1,11Can't you embed something like miRC though?
Uh hello?
so they got what they wanted and then they'll moan its a 360 rip off...not denying it isn't because it is but you know there's no pleasing them
13my memory is terribad, but from maker i hear that it'd be perfectly fine, from rumor i hear kabaka is strong against
sagas: The console is going to cost $300, not the accessory. :p
Kandarihu: lol
hello everypony
lol
??????????
just reading the comments on IGN daily makes me laugh, and wanna slam my face off a wall
hi Wreks_Slave :(
11,01http://nittany-tiger.tumblr.com/ <- see.
/me follows Nittany_Discord
13you can't embed mirc, mirc is a standalone client
snot's a red shirt, how swell
I'm out! PEACE!
11,01Chatzilla is fre.
hey Wreks__slave hows your day been
11,01*free
best impersonation of shatner
Lolwat.
02Well its smart of Nintendo to have alternative ways on playing
dat japan
chekov. right
9,1also wouldn't mind lost pony emotes, but inb4 viewer backlash
02makes it more user friendly
YAY GEEKS!
11,01It's not as straightforward to use as mIRC though.
Nittany_Discord: What is with the black guy all green?
The wii u costs more than the wii, even though it requires the wii to work
chatzilla is just a client though?
11,01And it required Firefox.
awwww
11,01It is.
02of*
Dat delusion.
we are talking about the web ui right?
Bronysith: probably
13there's a ton of embeddable clients, i recall bronystate used mibbit at one point?, but iris is here, ponychat official, does what we need
Stan is a brony
13yes luna
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I don't even
Bronysith its likely
=/
Bronysith: nah he is an otaku
11,01Irish_Pony: Read the caption.
sagas: Um, dude, the Wii U is a separate console. It's not just an accessory.
:D
there wasnt a pony in there..not all is lost
Algebra
XD
yeah, but why didn't they just keep the old wii pro controller? since wiimotes will be compatible too
bwahaha
and yea we were on mibbit
XD
lol
sagas: So wait... The Wii U is only a controller?
in the old days
Nittany_Discord: dat Maid Discord drawing
oh wait scratch that sorry it'll be wireless controller xD
Bronysith: maybe an otaku but not a brny
even chatango :P
I'd X her Y
Discored Cottencandy: Back. Thing acting up with me.
Acleps no it's a system
13heard about that
02yeah XD
prior to thatr
No. Wii U is a separate console. Otherwise it couldn't do 1080p >_>
or is the wii pro controller wireles? I dont have one since I use my GCN controller
11,01StupidSexyCJ did that drawing.
The Wii U is Black. I'm so proud.
Dken2021_: Yeah, that's what I thought
Acleps: no the wii u is the console. The gamepad is the controllrer
/me glomps StupidSexyCJ
05one could argue that if ponychat "forces" the use of light IRC, their services are not enough
02it's wired
wii u is black? awesome!
9,1Chatango was first, but not IRC though. Stupid DCD knew naught about chat clients.
??????: COTTENCANDY STOP THIS BAD BEAVIOR! YOU'R NOT LIKE THIS!
Acleps alot of people were confused when they first revelaed it
xD
13not so much forcing, there's always a link in the corner to swap to Iris
Hawt
cachi01: ikr!
11,01If I opened donations for a bronyfunds outfit, I wonder if I could get the amount asked.
CK|MoarDed: Acleps: I thought it was just a controller
13but we bring a lot of traffic, especially on pony episodes
04Yep
xD
right well then yeah but still why didn't they keep the old design? This new one is gonna cause flamewars extroadinairre
13and can you imagine the spike for the premiere, they're probably already panicking about it
Xd
11,01I only need $150 total.
Stress zits?
/me has a dream that we will judge a console not by the color of it's shell but by the contents of it's library (and respect for the rights of it's users of course).
11,01Less.
Shakira's new single "WARA WARA" coming soon
/me flees
Kandarihu: HAHA
sagas: Nope. It's a console that features a new controller. It just happens to be backwards compatible so that Wii controllers work with it.
11,01Kandarihu: I know.
Acleps but the zombie nerd loser had a blacks Wii U Game Pad
I LOVE THE FISH XD
weeeiiiird fish
???: COTTENCANDY! STOP THIS! YOU ARE NOT LIKE THIS!
/me is glomped
04Yeah
11,01Back to the days of gaming when you owned what you bought.
I have a dream that Nintendo go into administration. If only.
13i vaguely recall they changed the lightIRC embed to better handle us, so despite assurances from maker that Iris should do fine, we'll want a definitive answer
04But um
The Wii U Game Pad had its own name, btw.
/me agrees with Kandarihu
testing Nr 2
Cottencandy_111: stop RPING
eww
CK|MoarDed: Are you sure?
05wreks_puppet
04Even if we don't miss the pony emoticons, surely the viewers would?
i have a dream that Meanwhile will admit to his love
of
I have a dream that CCCP will get hit by a bus.
Meanwhile: i have a dream that EA goes under as well as all call of dutie companies
0,14...it would cut down on emote spam
????: rping?
Meanwhile: :3
Bronysith: T'is a fine dream.
11,01Or at least you were treated like a human being when you bought a game.
dat jockstrap...MY EYES!!!
lol....
13there's that too, but less spam, and honestly it would make for clearer communication to me
....
Meanwhile: I have dreams where you get married to Trixie
0,14so I guess that could be an explanation to them
Dat son
Well, in any case, the most advanced gaming console I have (and probably ever will at this rate) is purple.
seems legit
Stan has a black son...
/me avoids trip
13kind of like skype, i have skype emotes turned off
:3
Bronysith: NOOO infinity ward also makes new games besides cod!
xD
00,10emote spam is kinda infrequent as it is though
D:
02well, the GameCube controller was a lot like the PS2 controller and they didn't have any problems
XD
CupcakeWarrior: dude that's creepy.
Meanwhile: i love valve and blizzard really. they are good companies
=/
Stan has a black son named Darnell....
cachi01: too bad. they are linked with cod
Meanwhile X Trixie forever!
Acleps: Black controller white console. seems unlikely
13if someone does (hug) or whatever, i don't see what they see, they could be thinking something totally different than what i am (not by much but you get my point)
Bronysith: I like valve more but I do like Blizz games.
ppppfffftttttthahahaha
11,01Infinity Ward has never made anything but CoD.
xD
Bronysith: yeah actually the created cod
TACOS!
Taco king is pissed.
9,1Saxy has a good idea
Meanwhile: valve is awesome
logic
*3 secs later* Cottencandy: wa? What was I doing?
Taco King? That must be SB
....
taco rage
XD
11,02^-^
13i think some of the pony emotes are making faces or something, such that when people use them they're implying something in addition to the base text we see
WOWO
oh god
XD
....
Oh god that pun.
DAT JUICE
dat jew joke
SuperBrony64: Stop beating up aliens!
Ive seen enought hentai to see where this is going
11,02okie :<
Dis role reversal.
13but yeah, filing under emote spam could handle it too
11,01I think Treyarch has made games before being stuck as a CoD dev.
:o
05,15For some reason, I really want to go west again, just to eat at Jack in the Box
LOL I want to see more taco king in future episodes
I HAVE NEEDS!
Nittany_Discord: yeah they made the siderman games
:(
Nittany_Discord: spiderman*
oh god
UUH
Hey Acleps, what time is it over there?
11,01The movie tie-ins?
Dat teeth grind
xD
Nittany_Discord: yeah the movie videogames
pikorar: 2:00 AM. Why?
DAT WINDOW
( `)
dat innuendo
11,01Ooh.
Taking pride in not molesting patients
dat molesting unconcious patients
02Wii U Pro Controller looks like you mixed a PS3 and xBox 360 controller together
13it's not that it's harmful, i mean there's emote extensions for just about every client, lots do it by default
04I just don't know, I think viewers would get really pissed at the lack of pony emotes
Because, Acleps, what day is it over there?
02pretty good idea if you ask me XD
fluttercry: I've only lived East of the Mississipi river all my life. So does Jack in the Box only exist in the western states?
dental plan
05as for Iris. what cons does it have compared to lightIRC?
I just found Princess Molestia's dream job!
/me my dog licks my foot
O_O
pikorar: Monday for Acleps. Same for me. :)
pikorar: Well... Technically Monday...
Lisa needs braces
Gamer_Luna: Oh?
13it's marginally less user friendly, i think you have to enable the join/quit filtering
Teehee, he is going to look like a nerd now
dental plan
Wara Wara is gonna be the new meme XD
That sickly sweet scent of my fathers love with a gypsie
If this show had cutaways...
xD
13it exposes more about the underlying protocol, like messages from the server
PAPA RAPE?
I thought so, Acleps, I was just curious.
13but that's useful
oh god
Irish_Pony:
08,01i use it on other sites, and generally always switch to it when i'm using the chat embed on BS
11,02I remember getting messages asking for more Applejack emotes time after time again...so apparently viewers like using them.
04Is there anyway to keep the pony emotes whilst still having a client that would allow for the viewing of kick messages?
<3
xD
08,01and generally i'd agree with shizuka on those points
05any way to modify the default settings?
cachi01 is best rape
pikorar: Okay... You're not sure what day it is?
08,01yup
Don't you have school, Acleps, or are you out for summer or something?
08,01well, wait
Gamer_Luna: <3
Oh come on!
13yeah it remembers your settings in a cookie
yay im a rape! lol
A mosk?
???:ok who never wants Discored Cottencandy again.
SuperBrony64: ...Isn't the text just mirrored?
dat bullying
13for emotes though, no idea
O_O
08,01there are some things that you can only configure servers ide
XD
08,01*side
lol
XD
shoot me D
well like I said hte 360 controller is actually really nice to hold
:D
xD
XD
We have no leads so this week we'll be raiding a mosque!
13unless lightIRC changed so that kick messages weren't immediately obscured by the join window
13which i'm not sure can be done
but come on you can't deny that's far too similar looking to the 360 one
Oooooooooooooooo.............
:0 >: (
to be its own thing I mean
Acleps: Lucky!
:(
Am I hearing the voice of Patrick Stewart or an impersonator?
KARMA BITCH
:O
11,02Vordox: What text?
:D
ima back everypony
=/
xD
:D
Kandarihu: nope its stewart
SuperBrony64: The encoded text.
hiya Michael
>: (
:$
You're so lucky, Acleps, my mom is home all the time, she's a stay at home mom, and I have 4 days until my summer.
hi Bronysith
/me noms on SuperBrony64
sagas: Why? How's it with you?
>)
I'm cramming for a math test, Acleps.
/me hugs Bronysith
overkill
13also, kick messages aren't just for the benefit of the person getting kicked
13other people can learn from them
Dat godmoding
Princess_Molestia: are you almost done with him?
dat voice
dat freaking overkil
13but i'm not sure lightIRC shows kick messages to the channel or not
xD
I suppose we should talk to the ponychat admins about this
Princess_Molestia: Can I be next?
cachi01: no kill quite like overkill
Acleps: Im on summer break, but I couldnt sleep in a late as I wanted. Had things to do
to see what the options are
Fatty fat fat.
pikorar: My mom works, and my sister's is out of the house often.
is the fat kid a young peter griffin
Just how much hate and ridicule can be crammed into this show? This is, like, the polar opposite of MLP
ITS DAN!!!
02well, you dont want to sacrifice comfort and functionality to say it's your own thing
he has a Trixie toy
sagas: I have nothing to do for the first 2 weeks :).
nice
Le wuut?
????:DISCORD! WHERE YOU MESSING US PONIES AGAIN!?!?!?!?!
13i think losing the emotes would be similar to us locking the side rooms, a short period of outrageous outrage because omfg it's different, then people see it's not so bad and are fine with it
ELVISH
the guy over there looks like trixie
RAPE
CK|MoarDed: i need to learn to speak elvish and the ancient language
05i think so too
-_(\(\(\(\(\(\(\(\(\
Acleps: You lucky SOB. I have practice four days a week
hahaha
DISCORD!!!!
xD
/me is nommed on O.O
"oh god, I want to hit you!" :D
04I take it we're not the only ones that use pony emotes in chat clients
I get stress zits as well.
omg
1,11Sorta like how the outrage of Youtube and Facebook were. XD
Litwick: Most people do
lol
pikorar: What do you have on the test?
DID YOU MESS WITH COTTENCANDY?!?!?!?! DISORD!
....xD
So I just looked in the mirror and I found a bunch of gre hairs O_O
05aye
grey*
sagas: What practise :O?
0,14Cottencandy_111, calm down and cut it out with the allcaps
better than sex X
pikorar: Cram harder! ;)
........ k.
04We're not the only brony site or brony chat that uses pony emotes...are we?
TIOTE
what.
O_O
tio
11,01I don't know.
TIOTE
Acleps: I play highschool football. I have practice 4 days a week
05dunno
...
Dat back.
13for chat we could possibly be
xD
Haha
XD
dat alien biolgy
Cottencandy: So what did I miss?
04Because if we're the only one that uses that
11,01I'm thinking if BronyTV does.
02tbh I don't think you could make shape for a controller that's more comfortable in the hand
xd
Okay. That was funny
Oh they're going to Bronycon
04I would be against getting rid of pony emots
sagas: Sounds tough... :/
04And just let people rage over OMG WHY KICK?
lol
....wat
02a shape*
xD
...
08,01okay, so apparently, Iris can use grphical emoticons
Q is going be at Bronycon
lol
neckbeards everywhere!
04SUGGESTION
08,01but we may need to get maker to put that in on the server
Acleps: It can be, but I enjoy the sport. Helps keep me in shape.
LMAO
oh god
LOL
I might go to BronyCon :)
XD
04Bring pony emotes over to Iris
13for me, emotes aren't really our core engagement though, the awesome chat is, and that stream box over there
Reference
04AND
Dem agents
He's making a documantary of it
xD
04have kick messages
pikorar: Everyday stuff I've never heard of :). I can't really help you out then...
Not even to watch!
13with time i think they'd get over it but that's me
Documentary**
11,02Dat BronyCon
pikorar: Crap. I used to know all of that. Still would if I had the formula written down.
lulz
xD moulder and scully
aww not even to watch?
GilDash, you're going to make it so difficult to study.
This guy.
04I'd really like to keep it because it's strictly BronyState for now, unless someone else uses it
probing is magic
pikorar: It is her specialty. You've only just begun :D
kurt is best ex
pikorar: I don't see how...
I would like to Irish up my drink
sagas: Yeah, sports are fun :)
XD
8,6there'd be an issue at first, then another at the start of s3, but everyone would get over it in time
Acleps: So what do you have to do in 2 weeks?
Well GilDash, I know them like the back of my hand, but I also have to explain them in a "statistical manner" so I have to understand them in depth.
04I'm just saying
04Why not have both?
13if we can work out to keep it in iris sure
/me hoofs Irish_Pony a bottle of whisky.
04Best of both worlds
dat debate
His, Sylandest, his.
Luke Skywalker vs Frodo. Frodo is toast.
13but not the end of the world if it ends up not being able to come along
Im gonna have to go with Star Wars on this one
this debate is a loss cause
^
wat
/me 11,01drinks GilDash
xD
Dat joke
Nittany_Discord: O_O
pikorar: Yeah, I did know all of that a long time ago. I still don't see how that means I'm distracting you.
lol...
Dang
:o
Nittany_Discord: Hey! It smells in here!
nerd rage
omg
08,01aye
sagas: Probably some work on a video. I'm not sure tho...
:O
you monster....
DAT SPIKE
xD
04But we'd really switch to a different chat client so people wouldn't be like OMG WHY WUZ I KICKED?
ded
Star Wars kid.
11,01It depends on what's better in the end.
GilDash: You were consumed
STAR WARS KID
zummmm
08,01i think kick messages are more important than emoticons
LOL
lol
GilDash... The quote "cram harder" doesn't make it easy for my concentration.
Obvious reference is obvious
wow
XD
04We'd get rid of something unique to us...?
Now if only that as funny
08,01aye
w/e we have the Laser disk untouched version on Piratebay
04Just so we could appease some angry viewers?
04Really?
But I do enjoy it, GilDash.
pikorar: Cram faster then!
Acleps: Oh interesting. What sorta video?
No difference, GilDash.
xD
08,01i'ts not just about angry viewers, though
:o
pikorar: Cram deeper?
wat
1,11No, it's so we don't have to worry about stirring drama in the chat.
da ring
0,14yep
04What do you mean?
Damn1
rofl
0,14people see why someone else was kicked
XD
what a nerd
GilDash! Please!
05its not jsut about the angry few
02!ping
pwne
13i assume otakon uses his own client, but consider someone getting kicked by the autospam
!pong
0,14they learn not to do that
lol
pwned*
haha
08,01it's about our responsibility to being open with our users
pikorar: What? It's good advice!
frodo wannabe lol
(I love it when you talk like that, GilDash)
04...you're not explaining though :I
9,1let's just agree to looking into the possibility of porting the emotes over to Iris
04Other than a few angry users
1,11Someone gets kicked. They con't see why. The come in, bitch up a storm and cause issues, and suddenly we have to ban them because they don't get a kick message.
pikorar: o_(\
Dat Whitehorse Comics.
dat heartless
13if they can't see it, it just gets worse, perpetuates that hyper strict jerk ness we mentioned last allstaff
xD
WMD?
08,01yeah
0,5I could care less about the emoticons imo
04Ah, okay
Smoooth
WMD?
04That makes sense then
Ok, who wanys a pice of me now?
pikorar: That's what I'm here for, baby. ;)
08,01plus, if they don't know what they were kicked for, they don't konw not to do it again
04But still
LMAO
Princess_MolestiaL ME
WMD?
son now we are a family again
04I don't want to get rid of the pony emotes
me possibly
08,01which is unfair on them if they then get banned
sagas: A video with a fighting scene. It's kinda hard to explain the story, but basically someone steals a person's item, and he fiights them and gets it back
13and @silverscreen, you can't solve that by just telling them before the kick, the message is gone after the kick
lol
and de end
04They're unique to us :O
lol
Princess_Molestia: me please ive been waiting my love
05not only that. kick messages arent even shown in chat. so OTHER users may go "hey why did dat user get kicked? i like him" focrign me to explain why
has fallen asleep on Irish_Pony
Bronysith: That sounds kinda desperate.
13^
0,5^
Meanwhile: I AM!!!
04I get all that guys
Gamer_Luna: <3
Ive go an idea
Bronysith: Oh well ok then.
04But maybe I'm just the only person here that likes the pony emotes
05ok just makign sure ghosties
11.1011WB10 (Drake10) 11WB1011. 10- As long as you clean up after him then sure
04I mean hell
b y e b y e
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
That cop at the end makes my day.
02sigh
bye Pinkies4thWall
who is actually that cop ath the end of each episode?
Acleps: So a beat-em up? Please do share if you decide to make it!
04It's really neat, we don't know of anyone else that uses them
11,01Kick messages can't be seen in our embed.
another one?
seeya Pinkies4thWall
04At least not in chat
11,01I can see them.
lol dat molestia queue
08,01Ghosties: we all like the emotes, i'm guessing. but there are more important things.
He's the friend of the world~
sagas: If I see you I will :)
9,1let's look into porting them. I have a gut feeling it's feasible
02I only got 8 minutes into that video and now it won't play :@
05i like them to, but id rather have the kick messages
04More important than ponies? PFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFT
00,10I like them as well ghosties.
umm???
11,02I know for a fact that people bugged me about them before.
05agree with DCD
oh no CCCP and Dken2021_ i'm talking to the guy in the blue jacket
1,11I like them, but I prefer avoiding bans and drama over keeping them.
04So
11,02But imo, I find them annoying.
Pinkies4thWall oh
Princess_Molestia: Can I have a pic of you? ;)
Pinkies4thWall: ohhh!
04It seems that users do like pony emotes
00,10I dont see why we dont have an AJ one when other sites do though
Acleps: Ill hold you to it!
Michael a molestia queue. srsly?
08,01plus, if any of *us* are using the chat embed (which i'm certain some of us to), we can't see why people are kicked
04But then people want kick messages shown
04Maybe
sagas: It will have some jokes that you probably won't understand tho, but it'll probably ok
"Wipes eyes"What are we watching next?
04We should ask the users?
05<Sumica> I dont see why we dont have an AJ one when other sites do though
Look me up, Gildash.
GilDash: You could use google. xD
/me gives Dken2021_ and CCCP each a muffin
11,02Sumica:...MakerDusk told me they were going to add them months ago...
05so others do use them
00,10but I have to say the logistics are more important then the emotes
0,5I cant even see emotes
i dont want it
:O
0,5cause of mIRC
/me noms muffin <3
08,01what Sumica said
00,10yeah i have seen them all over the place
0,5so honestly I don't care what happens to emotes
Om, Princess_Molestia: Aw, no fun. :(
/me nomz Pinkies4thWall instead
/me gives Dken2021_ CCCP's muffin
11,01I don't see emotes either.
Invi: yup
Acleps: Ha well Im sure you can explain them if I dont! :D
!ping
!pong
9,1 they'd obviously choose the emotes though
NOOO-
13like i said, it's not our core engagement, if we can keep emotes then great, but if not, we're gaining more important things
04Maybe we should ask the users in a poll? Like "Which do you prefer more? Pony emotes, or viewable kick messages?" And whoever has the most votes gets the win?
0,5^yeah
double the noms!
/me breaks
0,5wqhat DCD says
sagas: Yup :)
0,5They wont care about whats obviously more important
13that... wouldn't be much of a contest ghosties, people don't care about people getting kicked, unless it's them
Princess_Molestia: Sister,whenand why did you start molesting?
:o
08,01Ghosties: honestly, i think at this point you're taking you're beating a dead horse here because you personally like them
Could we please just watch some Dr Who?
Ghosties, so the poll would be "do you like pictures" vs "do you give a shit why that random guy was kicked"
08,01that's just how it seems to me; i may be wrong
04It's an adaquate polling
Gamer_Luna: Oh no not again!
pikorar: Wait... did you say your summer vacation starts in 4 days?
PARKS AND REC,PLEASE?
Superbrony64: I HAVE AN IDEA
no need for a poll imho
04"Would you rather keep pictures, or find out why your friend was kicked by a mod"
00,10Caramel will rage at this but alot of the fanfiction sites use the emotes for comments areas
Please no messages now.
9,1let's agree to this. Let's cross that bridge when we get to it. If porting is doable, we would have discussed emotes vs. messsages in vain
11,01Only one defense for emotes: It's a pony touch to the chat.
Just CHOOSE ONE ALREADY!
04^
13Ghosties: it's easier to rage at us than be informed
11,02DECISIONS
Doctor Who please!
SuperBrony64: Can I has request?
03well brb reboot
Decisions everywhere...
superbrony64: you should start from episode 1 and keep going
I'd only rage at it if you were suggesting I start going to these fanfic sites
COMMUNITY please?
eh
yes
05ok
05so
11,02Irish_Pony: Yes? :3
lol bush
Yes, Acleps. I have tomorrow, when I take my math test, then I have my Programming I exam, then after that, my Engineering I exam, then I have to go to school for some stupid reason and then I'm free.
05no more about the emotes vs kicks
Could set up your kick alias to send the user the kick message in a /msg
I havent watched this in years
Instead of changing anything in the chat
04My only thing is that I just don't like the idea of getting rid of the emotes but if it means for better efficiency in the chat by switching over to a different client, then so be it
04But
05lets put in the log that if portign is doable we port.
04If we can do both
still no flying cars :(
13so resolved, we will attempt to switch default chat embed to iris, and attempt to port emotes
04Then let's do both
this isn't that old Dan_
Wii need U
04Yes
:p
pikorar: Isn't 4 days kinda....random?
Snuggles closely to Irish_Pony since his my comfy pillow <3
SuperBrony64: Episode 7
00,10I kinda see the poll being stacked in favor of the emotes, most cause the only people that will anser it are the regulars and they are the ones that will know why some one was kicked
/me wants his flying car
lolol
by years I mean 2 years CCCP :)
SuperBrony64: :3
04I only said the poll because then the viewers could decide
Dan_: oh
Anything else for Wrek's list?
We come to this site as a fan of a show about love and tolerance. So we watch a show about hate and ridicule.
04I figure they'd like to do more interactive stuff
Gamer_Luna: <3
08,01the viewers don't know what's good for them
Ikr Kandarihu.
0,5But Ty
How is it random Acleps? I would have 5 days but I'm exempt from my math exam. Well I will be if I can pass this final math test.
9,1we want the whole chat to see why though. Still: bridge, cross later.
04ohai HML
pfft bush
08,01or what they even want, most of the time
Hi Drake
Kandarihu: so true
0,5Are we letitng the users "vote" on anything else we discussed here today?
Pillowgun
Pillowgun?
bush is worst bush
heye verypony! I'm back!
08,01well, it's true
Dat Strange Pillowgun
i want a pillowgun
oops
I WANT ONE
hai Biglaw
Everypony*
:O
pillow gun seems legit
My last Sony console was the PS2 as it actually had a huge selection of games for everyone ;D
04I won't deny that...
1,11Ghosties, function and quality come over design and special effects. If we have to get rid of the emotes to allow us to mod better, the emotes are going.
200
pikorar: Well... school ends here on friday or saturday... ALWAYS.
00,10sad but true
XD
04Yes
13now now, we're resolved
lmao
04I...have to agree.
13next point
04Bacon
rofl
xD
04Favicon contest :O
04I have so many memories with my PS2
So I'm not alone on this? That's good to know.
05its been decided then moving on!
04Kinda...
Pillow gun! IT SHOOTS PILLOWS!
0,5I mean for our own decisions
Well Acleps, we're different, and we don't have school on Saturdays.
Man, the recent season of Family Guy was best season since the reboot. The dog was no longer insufferable and they toned down the Meg bashing.
04Ratchet and Clank, Kingdom Hearts...
0,5But ill take this to SRS
Yesssss
04Next is departments
Jak and Daxter ftw
04Individual ideas are done
oooooh
04XD
burn
04Lit is up first
And Acleps, this is an exam week, it's different because you can be exempt from some of your exams.
04With...
041. Chance to write articles on things such as reviews, news, opinions, really anything so that the Lit Team is doing more than newsletters and FAQ rewrites
xD
02Ratchet and Clank ftw
ded
dat star wars
02:3
darnir
BEN
wow
IN THE WORLD?
Roger?
xD
02brb
Say goodbye to your kidney.
XD
04k
pikorar: If we have school on Saturday, it's something extra super special, or then it's the day we get our final grades. No exams? Lucky...
15 million dollar kidney.
xD
/me checks to see if Dollywood still exists
poor roger
:(
XXXXXXXDDDDDDd
xD
omg
Ded.
xD
XD
xD
dat classroom
xXd
hyuk ck hyuck
05,15Correct, I figured that could be discussed in more detail in the mini meetings. When do you plan to start having those?
:D
I love these childish CIA bits
Chilling out to some Zeppelin.
he started eeehhhhhhht
04Mini-meetings?
D:
I just got baby powder all over my laptop
NO
B++
NOOO! :(
13as i noted in a short talk last night, everyone has the ability to write a post for the front page, and there are categories for each department ready and waiting for posts to go in them
XD
Lol
I wonder how this show must've changed when Obama took office.
XD
11,02IT'S NOT MILK TIME
05,15what we discussed in the beginning of the meeting today, where departments have weekly meetings and discuss them in the TL meetings
Kandarihu not so much
hai SuperBrony64!
SuperBrony64: ITS SILLY TIEM!
crazy roger
Dollywood still exists and is still a cogent theme park. Cool
11,02Hai ^-^
SuperBrony64: then what tiem is it?
dept meetings would be at the discretion of the dept lead
i know where Osama Bin Laden is!!!! :D
hai SuperBrony64
Well.. I think we need to make sure first these mini meetings will happen
CCCP: the ground?
Roger is wearing Peter's clothes
See it's funny cause Catcher in the Rye was awful.
xD
Meanwhile: the pacific ocean
-_(\(\(\(\(\
hehe
xD
Never seen this before. What is it?
CCCP: close enough.
04Ah
:3
04I suggested Wednesday
04I mean
/me shrugs
xD
CCCP: somewhere at the bottom of the Atlantic
:pL
11,01My notes say Wednesday.
04I guess each department can have their own day a week for meetings
Pinkies4thWall: Atlantic??
hehe
At least I know one mare that wouldnt hang up on me <3
:D
Water
Pinkies4thWall: hmph, likely story.
:o
atlantic is on the east
Nice face.
fangasm
O_O
hmm
XD
LOL
Dark_Horst: my brain just exploded from your sentence
Well, this show started when the president was the butt of every joke. Now everything about the current president is off limits and any negative comments are regarded as racist. So things HAD to change somehow.
GET AWAY BUSH GET...AWAY! NOW EWW GO
lol
XD
AAAH ITS BUSH
08,01i have work in 8 hours, so i'm afraid i must bid you all goodnight
From Willy Wonka
XD
XXXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDD
08,01i'll catch up on the backlog tomorrow
lol
Dat question.
XD
Here you Go USA...
oh hi
How are you?
xD
lmao
dat trap
wow
This is one of the PR attempts of Bush ...HAVE FUN USA
LOL
=P
allo Cottencandy_111
:D dat divorce
9,1back on topic
08,01oh damn, i just remembered something: luna i think you were goign to talk about somethign to do with BUCK while we were all here?
XD
:D
dat DeathStar
dfat bush
Hehehe. Trapdoor.
dat*
Hehe, trapdoor
good morning everypony
A blue Alvin shirt
/me nods
/me 13marks it on her list for later, you go sleep
/me hugs DeathStar
allo DeathStar
hi DeathStar
hehe, bad president
hi DeathStar!
hai DeathStar
O_O
hio DeathStar
/me hugs CupcakeWarrior
Pwned.
OH MAH GOSH
xD
08,01do you want to just do that in SRS or something later? or quickly now? (sorry to whoever currently has the floor)
dat face
XD
Was there any talk about how when Bin Laden was killed by a Navy Seal Team, Obama took all the credit, and his supporters were making it out like it was some hugely difficult decision and a courageous move for him to say "go"?
That's racist.
hello DeathStar :)
hey DeathStar hows your day been
LOL
Mexicans :p
Hello
:D ALL THE FUNNY
/me also loves Mexicans
doritos are delisous
BURRITOS ARE DELICIOUS. :3
So many mexicans where I live
Good think Scoota-Scootaloo didnt hear that
Kandarihu: Can we not bring up stupid politics?
I got to poop stan
wow
/me is mexican.........and hates bush lol
=/
05,15Alright. So things I've already come up with are having a point/counterpoint section, where two poeple can talk about their opinion on some controversial topic in the fandom. Also Slurry mentioned this but reviews of movies we watch would also be something that viewers could look forward too each week. Lastly, having people just write about something they like or dislike about the show
5,15or the fandom and having a place to talk about it.
xD
Dat mirror.
wutthe heeeeeeeeelll man
This seems like bush
XD
idiot
xD
=/
ewww George Bush
03well
03time to watch Code Geass
03or start it, rather
Tony Blair has huge ears.
CupcakeWarrior: Same reaction
hah hah wooow
Dem moobs?
13open registration can be done for wordpress, and permissions are able to set so someone writes a post but we decide whether to publish
What.
hahahah
lol
xD
:D
O_O
....
WOW
see you guys tomarrow
SO WRONG
suggestive
lolanime
bloodforoil
Oh my
I suspect that Dubya was responsible Dubstep
Dat ice cream a la mode.
dat suggestive O_O
02now I want to watch it again
02XD
pit of no return xD
xD
:D
base ball!
XD
Baseball.
idiot
10animu
get that baseball bush
>MFW
Biglaw it's bush duh
omg
02mfw HML likes anime
/me runs
xD
"right away" he says
hes dying! D:
inb4 ded
WOW
heh, choking on a peanut reference
XD
we'll save it
He's dying! ...continue.
:D
AHAHAHA
Nice bartending skills
CCCP HES DYING 8D
04mfw HML turns out to be a weaboo in hiding
and then he got drunk
03XD
.............................................
vidka
no longer choking?
Tap vodka
xD
pyrocatboy: lol
eh, same thing
knew it
LOL
13it starts butting up against how wordpress is laid out, would have to take a few days to work out reorganizing
O_O
XD
O_O
the yougnlings
:D
Pfft.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDD
poor younglings
star wars reference
dat wallet
03hey, that's not to far off
03*too
04Flutter
05,15Yeah these are really rough ideas now and will be fleshed out more after meeting with the team. As for FAQ rewrites, that shouldn't take too much work.
04What about reviews of movies?
he hears your testicles
Smells like peppermint.
dat drunk bush
13but having, say, a page for op-eds, where it's made from a category of posts, *should* be doable
:D
xD
dat peppermint'
05,15Movies that we watch for movie night
04Because I already said I'd do a review for Strike Commando
Like a Bush.
xD
/me does the skull and bones
do do do do do
/me 11,01dusts Irish_Pony
dodododo
nice shooting tex
04Would that be posted in newsletter or just on the site?
04Or both?
wow
time to troll
O-O
I'm afraid I have to turn the volume down for the rest of the show, probably until sb switches to something that's not by Seth McFarlane.
>_>
..........................................................................................
13make a category for reviews, tag appropriately
the same way i like Gamer_Luna <3
10.
These jokes just makes me hate the guy even more =P
11,02ABOVE THE SINK
<_<
11,02ABOVE THE SINK!!
13our front page feed could end up becoming a mess, but it is possible to filter by category
Dat drunk
Oh yeah here they are
05,15It could be in both. Newsletter to call attention to it being done. But host it on the site.
Ruffles Irish_Pony 's mane
04o-o
SuperBrony64 Moo!
Someone should stream Mock the Week one night. ;)
/me bitch slaps frank
GilDash: Ikr.
00,10put a post on front page and when the back log is working would be cool to have links to the reviews on that
GilDash: oh my god yes please
,
Gamer_Luna: Oi! *licks neck*
GilDash: What is that?
wat
.....
0,14Irish_Pony, cut that out
Skull and bones like a boss.
13tempted to mark that as a full rewrite of the backlog, given how much i've learned since doing it
Om: An amazing satire show. :)
/me does skull and bones aagain
SuperBrony64 doo doo doo wa do doo doo
10Stupid BNC
Touch it.
GilDash: About?
nope internet was made for ponies and porn
XD
00,10that would be up to you shizu.
^
ahhaahhahahahaha
Stupid Dog
you make me look bad
13point is, anyone can write, and we can all make categories, which are listed on the right side of the page
03oh god, so many interlacing problems
OOGABOOGABOOGA
He has too much blood in his alchohol system!!!!
10Courage, lol
lol good ol' bush :D
SuperBrony64: You know such silly shows :3
cachi01: nope just ponie
xD
s
13if you file your post under a category, people can filter by that category to see it, or it'll be in the main feed as well
Ja :3
/me dances
slap
Om: the news, basically. Its an amazing show
xD
Dolly <3
Joleeeeeeen!
Well ok then.
05good song
13so for instance, clicking newsletter will get you all the newsletters (and just the newsletters)
dat pun
Agreed Wrek
10Why does my left ear always hurt around this time
Om: Basically anything in the news. It's absolutely fantastic. I think you'd like it, and I'm not just saying that.
Sylandest: Ahh. I don't get TV so I gess I wouldn't know
;-;
D:
:D DAT JOKE
03because people are talking about you
11,01Under a severe thunderstorm warning.
03nah I dunno
not ear ache I hope
04Maybe it's telling you something?
GilDash: Alright.
Om: wh-wh-wh-wh-wh
Liabetes.
Dem liabetes
11,01Might get windy real quick.
insoliene
Liabeetus
In-su-lying
/me drinks Lye
ear aches are the most crippling thing I have ever had in my life
10This is like, third or fourth day it's happened
poor bush :(
Sylandest: It costs more money...
04So then a category for Reviews which would then have its own page on the site?
xD
XD
Nittany_Discord I had a bad storm on friday, maybe it's hitting you now
we are only a tiny bit windy -_-
GET HIM
Om: aaahhhhh, gotcha
Make friends with a whale.
Liabeetus is covered by Lieberty Med
I AM A PENGUIN
13page i have to look into, see if wordpress can set a menu item for a category
That'll show globabl warmin!
XD
HOOO
Nekkid.
NEKKID
13but otherwise yes, a review category could at least become its own page
nekkid
dat nekkid
XD
presidential penis
Nittany_Discord: Tell them pegasus to get off of their lazy plots and clearing the weather ASAP.
/me gets nekkid
04Hmm
:D
XXXXXXXDDDDDDD
13http://www.bronystate.net/category/movie/ example
Skylands: whats the ban command for censoring words
04Then we'd have to make them links
04Or drop downs
just curious
My EYES they burn
13both of which should be possible
:D
10Wat
lol Mad TV's Bobby Lee!?
Backless chair
04Yeah, just a matter of what we'd want
10I don't know
XD
Dat recovery.
10I am not a chat mod
like a baws
WTF XD
ninja reflexes
ninja
Pancakes.
pancakes!
02if you've already added words in the bad word list, it's +G
/me sneeks up hehind CupcakeWarrior and puts a suit on him
1,11At the moment, if you click on the newsletter, you get...a bigger version of the newsletter.
They predicted Obama!
1,11...actually no.
i just want to censor a stupid meme >>
1,11I got Chicken.
1,11the fuck?
lol
>.>
meme where
DeathStar: Thats a nice suit :3
hah
13the newsletter archives are all linked to the current newsletter page
lol
none of your business.
05,15haha the link I put into Scoots meet the mods section
Hahahhahaa
=P
02bad word list is a server command, +G is a chan command
13by way of the image map being generated once, for the newsletter page
No facts :D
13that could change, but we would be shrinking the newsletter format again
^
13or else going all text, which isn't really our thing
03Uh
03sorry
02anyword can be added or removed from the bad word list btw
03I was on the phone
CupcakeWarrior: you now has swag
02any word*
for the love of celestia put your pants on bush
03there are two ways of doing it
dat Nyria~
04Okay, so, sum up Lit
bananaphone?
/me runs
dat CupcakeWarrior ^^
"I believe that Human Beings and Fish can Co-exist peacefully..."
03One just tells whoever says a 'bad word' that their line can't be sent because it contains a banned word
/me hugs CupcakeWarrior~
03the other replaces it with < censored >
/me nomz Nyria
02and SS, no need to be mean to HML
/me hugs Nyria
:D
/me noms CCCP back~
xD
Sketch_Toku_Brony: fish are friendsnot food
I KNOW THE MEME SS
someone ping me :l I just set it up, and i wanna see if it works
I CAN SAY IT NAO
:3
13from a technical standpoint, please do write stuff, tag it with a category, or even make some categories, we'll work out making categories a part of the main menu
Robbing is fun
Screw you HML :P
!:D
XAX here
/me 11,01gives CupcakeWarrior a feather duster.
03OK seriously
02I bet it's MLP
:D
sweet
Not me. I shall help my fish friends rise up and overthrow the human oppression!
hai XAX
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
Brohoof!
03I don't want more drama
Sharks with guns!
03so just let me know what you want
11,01Thank you.
/me pings XAX~
In order of recent presidents' quality, Real GWB > Obama > mainstream portrayal of GWB. Not that the real GWB was a good president. He was at least is a human being, which is totally lost on the msm
hen3ry: now canon
/me gives Nittany_Discord a ShamWOW
13and really, go ahead and let the main feed become a mess, we can handle it :3
04<censored>
Please do not swear. You have said a swear word 15 time(s).
Lemon drops.
04hurr
Good ethics there, Bush...
0_0
Gorilla farts.
gollaria farts
durr
02I have a loads of stuff I could say right about now, but I think I'll let it rest :3
02bbl
13if we update frequently enough, maybe people will even, GASP, start using the RSS >>
05B52's
god those drinks
05dayum
XD
but, no applejacks?
The names of alcoholic drinks are so unappetizing.
slipery nipples?
Man has good taste :)
B-52's
04Alright, I'm gonna put up the next dept. and you guys can go without me, I have to help my mom with something
10The meme is HMLcupcake
05LOOOOOVE SHAAAAK
hurr
HA! /me is reading comments on the Wii-U presentation.
05love shack yayayay
03why does anime insist on using bizarre names
stans been hard on his daughter
05,15Okay to sum up. Reviews would be a nice addition, just need to figure out where to put them
03I'd prefer like
03Joh
03*John
awwwwwwww
/me runs
Wrek: Fuck ya man! /_
dat brightside
/)
05Irish_Pony: d'aaw why
04Because foreign names are cool
I gotta go! see you later everypony!
bye Herp_Derp
Leslouch
04Yep, anyways, AV time
:P
Better than Obama, even if he was hardly a good president.
041. Communication!
042. more teammembers with a recording program to be able to backup
04Tell people where to get recording software: Audacity or pirate Vegas
043. Give an ETA before delivering the content back to the viewers / community.
0_o
XD
dat osama
What.
............ The....fq?
04And with that, I'll be back momentarily
Oh shit
Bye bye cya
03no I know
03but it makes it too confusing
how about they both suck Kandarihu
Wrek: You love shak for that you get this /)
13http://audacity.sourceforge.net/
Could we PLEASE watch Dr Who?
13get it, learn it, love it
Clap clap clap
05hehe
Irish_Pony: i think he meant like hell ya
In the Rainbow Factory
05(\
/me kisses Irish_Pony because he's Irish "hi didn't see you there"
Wrek: i think he meant like hell yea or something
11,017nights recommended Audacity.
(sigh) Now I'm in bad mood
-_-
ive actuallly seen this one
04Your face is confusing
/me glomps Bronysith
/me almost unmutes Kandarihu to hear his bitchings.
03that's true
-______________________-
DeathStar: :$
oh hey big
/me hugs Ponies47
03both methods use the same thing
Biglaw:
/me hugs Ponies47
02LOL
11,01Lotsa wind.
0,14the mp3 converter thingy is also needed right?
Oh hey Ponies47~
/me dances
Gamer_Luna: <3
13if you have winamp, you already have it
/me hugs alexxm
1,11So what exactly is it that we record?
/me dances with CupcakeWarrior
13otherwise LAME is easy to get
03add ~T:censor:[whatever word you want here] to the bans list
Apple_Bloom: i'm your daddy now
XD
sounds like quite a storm you got there Nittany_Discord
lol
interviews silver
xD
lol
i used ~T:block
:P
03yeah
11,01It's doing 50mpl at least.
Well ok then...
03that's what I meant
xD
thanks alexxm and Deathstar. I'm gonna go watch an episode MLP FIM that cheers me up.
Tronado Warning here! D:
Okay. I identify with this.
move away from the just another streamer site image
wha?
wot?
05it will also be handy once we decide to get the art tutorials/lets plays up
Uh, pfft he hasen't seen the internet~
03censor is prolly better, but whatever
Ponies47: wait wat happened?
Nittany_Discord yeah, you're probably being hit by the same storm that hit me
anyone here an anime fan by any chance?
omgz the sky is soo dark :(
lol dat topic
00,10fyi Audocity can export to mp3
Time to be the bigger man.
Hi Nyria
alexxm: :(
Gamer_Luna: Oh noes :(
getting windy now... :'(
have fun Ponies47
1,11Well I'm f*cked on that. I don't have a mic.
Spectre|AsHazama: depends on the anime
Henga
Hey Ponies47 ^^
13it can, but you need LAME, which you already have if you have winamp
Spectre|AsHazama: for the most part
13but otherwise it's super small and easy to get
Oh and you're leaving Ponies47~ Tootaloo~
00,10ahhh
niceee ^^
/me hugs CCCP
Oh this episode.
bye Ponies47
alexxm: wut?
OMGZ MY FENCE IS MOVING :( :'(
StupidSexyCJ: I was just wondering if anyones heard of an anime called BlazBlue before
lol, sold a pilot to nbc
Pet a goat?:D
11,01We've been using Pamela.
13exporting to WAV is fine too if you send it to soundcloud or make a video for youtube
I'm leaving the chat open. Not leaving.
11,01But that costs $25.
1,11I'm more of a post-production kind of guy. Right now I have access to Adobe Premiere, After Effects, and Audition.
CCCP you sent me the sad face
Jeeenga.
lol
Gamer_Luna: If only I was there to hug you :(
Spectre|AsHazama: heard of a game series by that name i believe, but not the anime
Spectre|AsHazama: there's an anime of BlazBlue? I only knew of it as a fighting game.
This episode is great
I thought that too~
connect
read logs
wat
I suggest you talk to Vi about it
/me hugs Apple_Bloom
0,14there's no Blazblue anime
0,14it's just a fighting game
alexxm: i did? i must of tab failed
1,11can do.
SaxyPretender: Which is sad. :(
she's running the department.. just leave her a offline message
Dat cock block.
Scootaloo says no
OH
COCKBLOCKEe
Night everypony
d
SCOTTALOO TECHNO!
nighty VioletGreySha
0,14the lastest opening has stuff done by Production I.G.
night VioletGreySha <3
night, VioletGreySha! Take care!
It was the SAME SOUND effect!
bye VioletGreySha
SaxyPretender, next thing you'll say is that Persona 4 isn't an anime?
0,14later VioletGreySha
xD dat cock blocker
night VioletGreySha!
04?
i knew it was an anime fighting game i was just wondering if they ever made an anime out of it
Bye VioletGreySha
nighty VioletGreySha
Irish_Pony: I also wish that :(
why are
you still here
Don King
Silly you
Nighty night VioletGreySha~
bye VioletGreySha
silly pony
13from what i gathered, it seemed even for those who have the recording software, it's not too clear what to do with it
you
GOBLINS
silly
00,02morning
0,14Persona 4 HAS an anime, but didn't start out as one
04I got the day off
13namely, what needs to be edited about the interviews
/me dances
You silly
thx everypony <3
03oh hey a character named Nagata, that's not typical Japanese at all
Queen's BIrthday!
illumiati!
Goblins!? Oh My GOOODDD!!
05if you are a post producer silver, maybe in the future you can help me make say lets plays or art tutorials
/me hugs VioletGreySha~
05i dunno
05im jsut such a noob in the area
Funfact: Carver didn't actually create Peanut Butter
suddenly iluminati
FREEMASONS
Gamer_Luna: <3
skull and bones
*turns my lights on in case of lightning*
Double rape homicide? >_>
i want to know more about that
02is it really?
Irish_Pony: <3
00,10illimunutty
xD
Production IG did several cutscenes in Tales of Symphonia, the original OVA for One Piece, GiTS, etc.
he knows
oh no
Sumica: /)
Dem nuts.
lol
Dat conspiracy
DUN DUN DUN
XD
13but that gets into communication more, so if there's a standard procedure for A/V to follow for interviews, do it :)
where can i get that phone?
DUN DUN DUUUUNNNN!
02hurr
O_O
Dat chocolate in peanut butter
NOT CHOCOLATe
1,11YOu trim out what you don't want. Coughing, hiccups, shifting clothes, the sound of keyboard strokes.
dat chocolate lol
chocolate in our peanut butter?
00,10(\ Bronysith
:O
Sumica: whats ur fav episode?
CHOCOLATE!!!
wow
00,10not sure
xD
11,01Contact. Set up time. Do interview. Edit. Publish.
:O
drunk driver
lol drunk
close
03LOL "Crap, these guys are real terrorists"
whew
lol
1,11And then you trim off the questions unless we eant to keep them up.
lol the Peanut Templars
1,11want*
lol
03anime dialog never ceases to amaze
....XD
13audio branding too if it's one long thing
00,10I like the one where they find out roger was a crash test dummy
I'm off to bed guys
Night ^_^
Dat classified.
:O
Sumica: oh yea!
xD
bye ScootaChicken
00,10the second comming ep is also good
1,11What's that?
:D
wow
lol
ta ta ScootaChicken ^^
13intro outro
....
lol
XD
/me hugs ScootaChicken~
1,11Oh, right.
hmmm
lol
YOu win this round
night ScootaChicken
Gnight ScootaChicken
:P
nighty ScootaChicken
1,11that we can record either before or after the interview. Doesn't matter which.
LOLWUT?
Left 4 Dead?
night ScootaChicken!
The elf condom?
left 4 dea
Keebler tiem?
.....
....
in the elf condom xD
Dari: You're a wanker.
13we haven't really established one yet, since the audio projects have been fairly self contained thus far
1,11and yeah, Nittany pretty much summed up the process right there.
<333
xD
lol
dat anagram
;AW;
horny midget that plays it self
13but a recurring thing like interviews should definitely get something consistent for intro/outro
...The things I learn from cartoons.
safe*
Interesting way to get the plot going
....
03http://i.imgur.com/NarZa.jpg <- why do I notice little details like that "sound only" in the window
logic does not work that way
/me hugs prince-lemon
11,01And we have a question sheet we follow. Our only impromptu questions are during the post-interview "bonus scenes"
1,11Set up a google doc of all projects and then give everyone away to see them, either through Skype, Email, Wiki or forums.
lol
O_O
Pfft.
00,100-o
XD
....
0_o
CREEPER
o_O
13we have a project list silver, and an interview list too
uh wow
I have no comment. :D
brick joke
Dat Hmm buffer
I'M THINKING
O_o
hmmmmm
JENGA
skip
OH
OOOOH
Brick Joke that's probably still a throwaway joke.
oooho
Creamy.
LOL :D
1,11Does that list say how far we are on each project?
11,01We're behind on scheduling and publishing.
xD
awesome
Good guy drunk driver.
lol
xD
DAT DRUNK DRIVER = Best actor
XD
Drunk Driver! Yay!
more drunk guy
lol
Dat drunk driver
Goodnight everyone, take care c:
Tata Radu
night Radu
dat dad
nighty Radu
hello everybrony
XD
hello
hai ponybro
hi ponybro
Big Darn Villain Protagonist
hi ponybro
lol
hey ponybro hows your day been
11,01Now lotsa lightning.
hey ponybro
o hai ponybro
hi ponybro!
xD
OH SNAP
:D
...lol
Haha
Do it on Will Smith's kid.
HA!
more wind...
will smith's too cool to be black
Nittany_Discord: Wrath of Celestia type storm?
xD
good alexxm what did your dad said about the bronies
Morgan freeman anyone?~
Bobby Brown
bobbie brown!
11,01Not that bad now.
Will Smith is cool AND black.
^
Nittany_Discord:check on Wunderground.com
he hasn't gotten round to it yet ponybro
Them crackers.
cheese
/me tries to name a black leading actor under the age of 40.
11,01I use my own radar software Apple_Bloom.
1,11Make contact with whoever you want to interview. Make set-in-stone times for interviews. Once we get the interview, we get one week to edit the audio and get it ready for publishing. We focus on one project at a time, that way we don't get mixed up and confused.
11,01GR2 Analyst.
xD
lol
XD
Army Neilstrong.
....
02*WB03(Skylands03)02WB* - <Skylands> 10Apparently I saved myself a memo last night titled "cake" and all it says is "I love it so much"
Neilstrong wasn't first....
>:>
Arnie, I think
Nittany_Discord: Ok
don't be yanking his chain
lol couk
XD
literally!
nut mud lol
Ritz.
^ I like what i'm reading here
:D dat love spread
lol
NOOOOOOOOO
LOL
03LOL using bouncers at all
:(
Cleveland.
Greatest ever
03just leave your computer on
Cleveland should have his own show
11,01Does Audacity require set-up on both ends?
xD
12o.o
Dat plan
Well, the wounds never really healed... thanks to those who wanted to exploit those wounds.
The Illuminutty. Oh dear.
Illuminutty
11,01If not, I can take time to do it, and it'll be one less thing to have to buy.
wow
13just the recording end
Nittany_Discord:i hope you are safe
lol
0,5Im liking this
03also wtf Comedy Central
1,11I honestly have no idea, I never used it. I've worked with audio-reccording hardware, not software.
Can a mod kick both RaveBrony and me? I want my name back xD
Had an IP address conflict
03they took the *uncensored* version of this movie, then censored it?
00,10the all peeing nutt
11,01I'm fine.
RaveBrony timed out
13it's not any different from, say, windows sound recorder
03oh wait, maybe not
11,01The windy part of the storm passed minutes ago.
13it's just better and does multitrack editing
1,11Separate what we have at the moment equally among the team. I want at least one interview to show on the stream by next week's BMN.
RaveBrony2: wait 2 minutes and ravebrony should timeout
cachi01: Oh, ok
it happens lots of times to me lol
11,01Winds looked to hit 50mph out there.
[17:47:26] * RaveBrony (xfxcggokrw@74.76.yvi.hzi) Quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)
it sucks
there we go
lol dat map
that will surely be preaty moldy now
Nitt: Isn't this....err...kinda the situation with IPs nowadays? >.>
xD
:$
00,10productplacment
:O
Sounds good
lol sponsors
lol....
11,01I won't be surprised if they hit 60 in some spots and caused damage.
LOL!!
dat burguer king
:D
xD
Hello, Everypony! It's been a while
The Hobbit reference?
Dat whoring.
xd
LOL
:O
X
hai YourLittleDashie
D
go, pimp that British corporation
XDDDDD
1,11If we show it on the stream we get people interested in the concept and it'll entice them to watch it whenever we give the interviews and the other stuff their own page on the website.
o hai YourLittleDashie
hi YourLittleDashie
xD
hai YourLittleDashie
00,1060mph? Nitt.
Bad excuse and a glaring plothole
11,01We have enough for months.
Hasbro~
dat hasbro
HASBROOOO
oh god
:D
O_O
Nittany_Discord:i live in Aroura,Colorado...we are at the edge
XD
hasbro
HASBRO <3
ponies!
PONIES
Hahaha
Wait what?
they should play with ponies
Dat old fashion humanized pony~
watch out he called hasbro!
Um...
lol
xD
um
hasbro!!!PONIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whatr
Awww
O.o
Did they predict this?
O.o
11,01Hope Vi doesn't get mad: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AvgUisrDwyh9dGpjSHpBeWREdHJORmJqVE5zR2N6aVE#gid=0
lol
wtf?
11,02Brb >>
DAT NETFLIX
wat
whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?
What? That episode was decent
?
ooh, I liked this episode
SuperBrony64: What the hell man!
lol dat skip
SuperBrony64: wut
skeeeep
11,01I live in State College, PA.
umm wha
night guys
night, alexxm!
night alexxm <3
What..just happened?
SuperBrony64 hates black people
night alexxm
Gnight alexxm
The end.
good night alexxm
11,01Two different storms.
Why isn't there Canadian Dad?
00,10that is what we call SB buying time for tacos
nooooo....oh well.
I -_(\ every time I hear that mindlessly nationalistic line.
night alexxm
Indeed.
Just checking in
night alexxm
Night alexxm
Night alexxm ^^
o wait. there was a strip club
/me hugs alexxm~
Nittany_Discord oof, two storms
 really?
oh this episode
11,01Sure.
Why...what...but....episode..why...jump what? WHAT?!?!?
Dipped in chocolate.
I think I saw lightning
the windy part is over us :(
YAY DENZEL!
harrison ford dipped in chocolate
11,01Had a weaker storm earlier today.
Good grief.
-_-
LLOL
WOW
Darn you buffer! *shakes fist at screen* :|
omg
11,01Slower moving, but weaker.
I might have to go into my strom celler if this strom get's worse :(
big fail
lol
boob
Wat.
dat boob
boob
gross
boob heh heh
Gamer_Luna: if what gets worse?
boob
BEWB
11,01Gamer_Luna: Under a tornado warning?
I don't think Vi will get mad
But will it blend?
BLEND
Why did we...WHY did we skip that episode?! It was getting interesting!
11,01There's one in Minnesota.
Sandra Ooooooh
Guess not.
WILL IT BLEND?
BOOM
will it blend?
the backlog for AV is just too big as it is
11,01Make that two.
BOOOM
lolz
/me imagines SuperBrony64 freaking out when the strip club scene happened while nobody else cared.
Nittany_Discord: There's one in colorado :(
Never saw it
Allow me to explain! I have to go walk my dog, so instead of having the episode end and then waiting for me to come back. I'm just playing the next episode :)
xD
Bewb.
nice
xd
05Clearly not a blend tec
Gamer_Luna:im in colorado :(
obviously not a blendtech blender
Likely story
i have to go pick up a friend whom is drunk
baby penis lol
XD
Gnight everypony
11,01There are no storm warnings in Colorado.
thunder.....more wind
gnight Michael
night Michael
night Michael!
05no one got my reference
Gamer_Luna: Now I really want to comfort you :(
I HEAR THUNDER :(
Wrek: i got it lol
I did Wrek
05/sob
I feel a storm coming on here
Wrek: I got it ^^ "will it blend?~"
lol
The Wii doesn't have Netflix playlist potential?
Wrek i got it, Tom ^^
rofl.
Wrek: blendtec from will it blend
Apple_Bloom: Me too!It's super dark! :C
LOL
Nah, 20%
XD
haha
xD
lol
XD}
XD
:D
11,01That list will tell you who we have recordings for (except ColaEuphoria).
1,11Okay, the ones that we haven't contacted yet get pushed to the bottom of the list. The ones that we have contacted but don't have anything else on get moved up top right behind the two interviews we have completed.
roger needs a blendtec blender
0,14so I'm guessing us in the podcast department are gonna have t grab some interviews and edit them up ASAP
money
wind is 3.8 mph
Dken2021_: yes!
11,01And cover art.
:'(
O.o
Maybe
GENIUS
We need more censoring though
eww
lol
XD
EWW
:D
JACKPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT
SuperBrony64_: You skipped the episode cause of the Club thing?
SuperBrony64_: Oh goo, I thought you freaked out. D:
Not sure if SB is serious or just trolling
02I do too
02same with video games
11,017.6mph?
holy crap, the blendtec blender cost $454.95
Gamer_Luna:i feel safer now.....we are both scared
11,01Will it blend Dken2021_?
yes 7.6
Walking the dog with texting
SuperBrony64_: When you come back can we see the end? D:
/me blends Nittany_Discord
5.1 :)
11,01You'll be find.
will a blend tec blender....BLEND?
11,01*fine
Dken2021_: WORTH EVERY PENNY
Nittany_Discord with that fund, it better be
cachi01: Beat me to it. :D
yeaah, I got some weird looking clouds coming my way
it took me more than 21 minutes to walk my dog.
lol
XD
It's the kind of trolling that makes me feel that I'm all the more closer to a permaban, either from representing the values that a streamer's show ridicules or wanting to defend said values while it's running.
Misqueto
XD
yikes
....
Apple_Bloom: My dogs are going berserk,I think that means this is a bad storm :(
XD
when i say like somthing.somthing mph that means im saying how strong the wind is
Kandarihu: awww (hugs
dat logiv
Uhh nope.
Gamer_Luna I hope it'll be alright
5.4 mph
dat omelette
9.8!!!
I'm so Scaried :'(
CCCP: careful. I'm not exactly on the best of terms with the community here.
Container?
11.2!!!!
dat jewfro
:'( poor possum
Kandarihu: Ya got that right.
Kandarihu: awwww you dont love me? :(
Apple_Bloom: do you have an anemometer or something?
11.2 mph wind!
CCCP: I wub you
hello everyone! who's here?
Apple_Bloom: Yup,we gonna die :(
Reikim: Me
allo Reikim
yay |Discord| <3 <3
/me 11,01dusts |Discord|
Wait what...
o hai Reikim
Pinkies4thWall:i use Wunderground.com
Okay, so, who here plays TF2?
hi Reikim!
Reikim: ME!
lol
alrighty, everypony, be back later. You all take care now, have fun! :)
21.1?!?
Bye Sylandest
ta ta Sylandest~
Nittany_Discord: What is that supposed to mean?
im in my basment right now :(
seeya Sylandest
|Discord|: u r now dirty
6.0 :) phew
Basically, I'm on the brony mod server, there are many free spots, and I'm sick to my teeth of tfdb. So, does anyone want to join up?
/me hugs CupcakeWarrior, Nyria, Dken2021_
Dead.
8.9
what
WAT
/me hugs sylandest back~
Irish_Pony: I'm so scaried,I'm in my Storm Celler with my brother and dogs :(
Apple_Bloom: r u taking the measure or r they announcing it on tv?
Reikim: If you want to play, I cant now, can you add me?
dat name
i am with wunder ground
Gamer_Luna: :'(
baaaaaaaaaaaaawb
BUCK?
Buckle is best pony.
11,01|Discord|: I dust you.
3.4
BlazeAngel: Eh, don't worry about it. I was kind of testing to see whether or not i could get Bronystate to bomb a server.
Reikim: XD
3.4
xD
MANBEARPIG
XD
/me hugs everypony
Thanks, CCCP.
What?
6.9
Pinkies4thWall: Nice reference
nice crib
:D
that deadly stillness :D
8.9!!!
dat lag
Apple_Bloom: dat wing power
Ponies the always make you feel better :)
^
Gamer_Luna: :'(
Mewtents.
FALLOUT
dem mutants
Fallout 3? :3
ghouls?
Fallout: Equestria
SUPER mutants?
Mutance
So we're reporting the wind speed where we live?
A dog?
WE HE HEEEEEEE
Kandarihu: What?
no tornado watches :)
/me gives Sagas a great respect Brohoof /)
raining here
dem steriotypes
ricky?
http://derpy.me/eGFC6
LIGHTNING!!!!!!!!
:(
SUNDAY :O
inb4 nasal joke
RAWRity: lol
/me does not have silly tornadoes to worry about
/me returns Vordox's Brohoof exitedly
Vordox: (\
hey everyone
No tornadoes really happen here in Wisconsin :)
/me and thus it became/)*(\
6.9 mph wind...
no torndoes here in my city
ello everypony :)
They look like zombies... eaach....
hey ppl :)
Deaf camp
Magic was made, Vordox
dat aviery
night all
Fluttershy must have been there
XD
xd
xDD
xD
*hey
11,01Apple_Bloom: You only need to worry about wind when it goes 60mph or faster.
XD
whee
oh Stan 0-0
According to the nearest station, 0.0 mph winds.
:D
Children of the Corn?
11,01Or 57kts I think.
XD
I remember a few years ago e had a windstorm, the winds got over 80 mph
:o
lol
XDDD
11,01Things start breaking at 50 and 60 mph.
XD
HA
Kandarihu: You're either safe or in the eye of the storm.
lol
=_(\
xD
Harry Potter.
lol
haha
The power was only out for about an hour, so lucky me I guess
Harry Potter isn't a writer....urgh
:D
foreeeeeever! :o
Vordox: thats the joke
yay
oh boy
Vordox twilight's an awful writer though
yup
the lowest winds a tornado can get is 60 mph or so
xD
wtf haha
What.
Thrust that car
xD
:D
foreveeer
foreeeeeever! :o
11,01High winds aren't always from tornadoes.
Fluttershy
Holy shit
xD
...
hees like fluttershy!
LALLALAL
harry no!
lika a fluttershy
Buckle eats bears for breakfast.
lalalalaalalal
dat massage
suddenly i think of fluttershy
SOON
Its warm dear.
02which is why I like anime
great vacation
lol
11,01Wind can come from the thunderstorm itself at 100mph sometimes. That's enough to damage homes.
02>lots of details
grrrreat vacation
ll
o
i want those berries
O.O
bewb!
xD
03some of them
D
i want those berries too.
XD
*Builds a shelf in the chatroom* :)
03others are hilariously not detailed
very own shelf?
hah
02true
/me 11,01builds Ponies47
Like Twilight
:p
03that's not an anime
Ponies47: *hangs his coat on it*
plus good visuals can't make up for a bad plot
Ponies47: we don't need shelves, we just need more railings
garbage in HD is still garbage
wedding roger?
XD
I agree
b-but I like shelves
on that one
03this is just a regular DVD
xD
It gtting a bit better ::S
:D dat lies
*Takes down shelf* *Builds railing*
Happy?
12 SPEEDS!
:p
03wow, killing someone in the first episode
03LOL
actually it goes for just about any detail increase
2.5 mph
xD
lol
Who is?
THAT IS LOVE AND TOLERANCE There!
:D
02I don't mean HD or Graphics, I mean details like in drf's screen shot
and some visuals take away a good plot ?
right*
Alot of lies but still...
That question speaks to me man.
dat nose
dat music
the dad is a brony
:o
You know, there are plenty of people near where I live who live on mountains. I think I can tell them at WAL-Mart as the people who have their shopping carts filled to the absolute brim. I figure it's because they only come to the city once a month or so.
xD
Death by marriage... oh wait... thats ALL marriage...
Kidnap.
lol BlazeAngel
sometimes
XDXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDD
MUNTAIN MAN
MAZEL TOV
the old man of the mountain
02Nintendo is proof that you don't need good gaphics to have lots of details
NO MORE JEW JOKES
02like Zelda
wtf...
THIS GOATS PREPARED!
:3
saw that coming
brb :)
happeh ending
idea!
BERRIES
XD
Lol
Zelda still has better graphics than Ninjabread man
far out man
O_O
and roger doesnt get the blender?
magic berries
fme gusta la berries
although bear in mind the NES was pretty much the equivalent of an Apple II in graphics and processing
lol
ME GUSTA
High as a kite.
RESPECT THE CLASSICS MAN...\
XD
give me those berries
in fact the processor the NES used was a 6502 variant
poisonous
me gustan las ciruelas :3
XXXXXXXXDDDDDDDD
omfg dat bee
true
AWWWWWW
take my pollen
Who?
take my pollen.
ppppppppppppfffffffttttttttt
what
BIRDS AND BEES
thats nice, take my pollen
the one used in the Gameboy family was totally different
lol
Waterfall...
Oh yeah right there yeah. Take my pollen
9.2 mph of wind
And what better way to commemorate his memory than a bee humping a flower.
desperate
for the 8 bit systems it was a Zilog Z-80
12o.o
Marriage.
so when is the ponys!
which is still made
Birch.
lol
soo this was in memory of someone?
Bye cya
hi police man
its had one heck of a second life
total birch
god
00,10ponies? ewwwwwwww
:)
lolkick
EEEW
:D
02Ninjabread man?
HERECY
02never heard of it
Why is the Birds and the Bees talk called that? What does it have to do with birds and bees?
Pinkies4thWall: XD
As far as the Jew Jokes, it's said that between every two Jews, there are three opinions. Unless it starts channeling popular hateful stereotypes, I don't have a problem with it.
I think the Gameboy Advance uses an ARM processor of some sort
ok I'm out. nighty everypony :)
sagas: stingers
bye Invi
Night Invi.
we want ponies!! :)
who's the guy with he jacket at the end?
Back with Poptarts! :P
02anyhow
Sumica: I was told something about ponys today. I say HEEEEEL NAAAAAAW. I only like MY LITTLE pony.
CCCP: yeah, it's now a running gag
night Invi <3
02bbl, shopping
wat
sagas I guess sugar coating?
night Invi
bye Invi
Night night Inci :)
I was a bit distracted during that scene so I didn't see anything wrong.
*Invi
/me hugs Invi bye
:P
good night Invi
well, when a bird, and a guy dressed up like a giant bee, and some bondage gear get together, something magical happens...
have fun
night Invi
Hugs Irish_Pony since storm :C
Watch me facehoof at the theme song.
00,10what do you think this is ponystate?
02maybe I'll find some food that has L-cys in it
G3.6!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hows everyo
ok then
/me runs
Gamer_Luna: Are you ok? :(
NOWWWWWWW!
THIS IS BRONYSTATE!!!
dude
we need our ponies man *hicup*
Sumica: These people obviolsy didnt read the rules.
if you replace the b and the r with a p, then yes
hahaha
Pinkies4thWall: /)
I know that it is 32 bit
ASDF
SuperBrony64: gen 1?
ASDF
?
ponies are for movie nights
the Gameboy Advance
lol
dafuq?
/)_= new guys please read the rules
3.6
GEN 1
i want G3.6!
he's still gone isn't he
Gamer_Luna:where are you?and are you ok? :(
in fact ARM processors are used to this day
If someone goes from this to G3.6, I'm just going to happily run free.
/me hugs Invi back
/me hugs Invi.
Torture is best served cold. With a fresh glass of wine. And a treehouse.
GUYS i think SuperBrony64 is still AFK
00,10oh hi Invi
/me hugs Invi back
Hugs Invi back :) <3
I don't think the older gens are on netflix
Sumica: *oh bai
Newborn Cuties >>> my values being insulted.
nighty Sumica ^^
SIs my stream frozen, or is it just like that?
/me give
/me huhs back
VIVA LA G3.6!
Dken2021_: thx god they arent
00,10dat too
hugs*
:3
Sumica: You cant eat all those appl
BlazeAngel: SuperBrony64 may still bye awa
00,10and yeah I think Super is still on taco time
the mountain man should commit suicide. oops, too late.
nothing can defeat 3.6. It is the pinnacle of human culture. The greatest art ever.
*be away
/me gives Invi the worlds biggest hug
dat sarcasm hen3ry lol
actually, I never got up close to one
hen3ry: I AGREE!
^^;
/me hugs everypony. HUG PILE!
Pinkie Pyro is here! :)
i say its time for seaponies
aside - someone please tell me someone's remixed Rarity's song to make "Art of the Troll"
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall back
super went to a journey with his dog and for some tacos
its time for G3.6 sweetiee belle
I'm listening to my parents trying to figure out the plot of Dear John having only seen half of it.
/me hugs himself
call upon the supoenas?
I have two
/me jumps in Pinkies4thWall hug pile
a tablet and a smart phone
SparkleButt: lol
wheres the ponies?
/me throws himself on top of Pinkies4thWall
AAH
And then the seaponies came
lol
you said an android
Hang on my baby sister is crying
Brb. AGIAN :P
/me dances on Pinkies4thWall
:P
Not better, Kandarihu, not better
smart phone goes with iPhone
DERPY:P
:3
6_9
ohai DeathStar, how are you?
stream the show "Color Crew" it literally makes you want to kill a small child
MahBoi777: good ^-^
00,10Supper probably had somthing important to take care of. We will give him a bit longer to come back
this is awesome
"My genitals itch"
good!
sagas: relatively better, I said.
hey im new :)
03wait what
ME
:D
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-YaD34txxfwg/T4NTTrB0pYI/AAAAAAAAAIM/JmqR0ZhwOeM/s1600/Derpy+Hooves+-+Take+This.png
welcome miss!
I wasn't saying that Bush was a good president. I'm just saying that Obama's worse.
hi miss http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix7vrluEm4E
B)
miss u suuuure are lol
lali-ho miss
Everyone is such a silly filly. XD
:3
lol
hahahaha
:V
No lollygaggin.
:3
/me dances
actually the smart phone is Android based
/me planks
for mine Android 2.2
O U
WEEEEELL since we wait.. HAVE SOMETHING RANDOM AWESOME! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vl6Cuvw4iyk&feature=g-u-u
/me FUS RO DAHS DeathStar
the tablet is Android 3.2
05oh yeah i bought a new gold plated VGA to DVI adapter
05my monitor now works again
http://kuvaton.com/kuvei/pizzaburger.jpeg Heart Attack Waiting to happen
oh
05no more stream overlaps :3
/me dances on the stream off air comeing from BlazeAngel s mouth
yay!
lol
You know, I think the "No Video Links During Stream" rule should have an exception for idle streams.
11.1011WB10 (Kosoveon10) 11WB1011. 10- since the aforementioned eggs aren't even fertilized
???
02*WB03(Kosoveon03)02WB* - <Kosoveon> caution, the banana drops are poisonous
Wuut, hai SuperBrony64 !
our nation's first stripper. Dat history
Vordox: Terraria?
/me glares at DeathStar in disbeleif
Vordox: Terraria?!
hi Kosy
Ah, back to the not-so-bad episode.
My meth!
Vordox: Terraria...?
xD
awwww
GuntherDW: Can't at the moment. D: It's 2 AM and I got school in 4 hours. :P
MY METH
BlazeAngel: ^-^ tehe
I'm preparing for the Summer Course
Derpy_Hooves: Looking at that makes me want to throw up~
Vordox: Can you at least start the server?
xD
11,02Hai :)
DAFUQ XD
Nyria: its a heart attack waiting to happen
/me hugs BlazeAngel "your silly I like you"
Nyria: Hello. ;)
and back to the episode
GuntherDW: Err It's been up forever :P
lol
GilDash~
And then it set fire.
/me hugs GilDash ^^
ZS
Derpy_Hooves: that looks....DELICIOUS
indiana jones reference
XD
/me hugs DeathStar back
03LOL this show
Indiana Jon
fail
11,01Yep. Wind damage report in town.
12hai Kosovo
03they control the big war-bots using flash drives
:O
Xd
his eyes derped
Vordox, GMT+1 ftw :D
11,01*reported
hi LL :3
I am playing about the only Pokemon Advanced Generation song which will ever be heard on my low power radio stations
/me hugs Nyria.
whats up
The last clue? Put it in your handy dandy notebook
Kandaharihu: why are you being such a downer?
This Side of Paradise
:D
hi rainbow
*perks up* Garden of Edan Creation Kit?!!!
from Pokemon Destiny Deoxys
hey rainbow
im rainbow dash
/me just finished an 11 paged paper, thank god
nope
lol
ITS A HAT!
XD
whats up mah
dont declare fudge just yet
no more work for the rest of the year hopefully
11,01And it was less than a mile from here.
11,01Wow.
brb
Derpy Derpy flurpy slerpy erpy nerpy DErpy
I Love That Song
sup cccp
IOWA
!
xD
wow Nittany_Discord
:D
Derpy_Hooves: I really hate this show, because it ridicules so much of what I stand for.
Me Me Fe Se EE NE De
its the only Advanced Generation song I like
Jesus Nittany_Discord
03what about Make a Wish?
PRESIDENT PEANUT
/me slurps up Derpy
lol who thinks of that
03I like that one better
WASHINGTON MONUMENT???? *wants to play Fallout 3 again*
Nittany_Discord: Hope you get through alright...
.....................
POOOOOOOOOT
enter my bum
...
O_(\
...
poop...shoot...
03http://i.imgur.com/UWUFT.jpg <- there, took a screenshot
11,01Wind report: Trees and wires down on Westerly Parkway.
00,10nice recliner
go on, into my bunghole
03that's the 'key' to the Brittanian (sp) war machine XD
I love all poke songs
11,01That's a good walk from here.
Into the poop chute!
rainbow: y not?
Back :)
03I like some
rainbow: ponies = go to youtube :3
almost everything Advanced Generation is untouchable for me
03Make a Wish is great though
:D
03I just wish they had done it all in English
xD
because this is bronystate not ponystate
rainbow: silly filly we don't watch ponies on bronystate
03rather than half English half Japanese
11,01So, yeah, serious storms.
03the duet part at the end is cool, though
yes we do DeathStar
LAWL
The youth perspective of the generation gap in a nutshell here.
just not all the time
so many splinters
Evolution of jokes...
XD
xd
ponies play on movie nights
@deathstar yeah we do
CCCP: well...not oftern
lol
yeah i guess
oho!
XXXDDDD
they did
:D
often*
dohoho
ah, now for an original series related song
oh kk
:D
oh nvm
oh wow this show is good
Rapurasu Ni Notte
xd
i should check it out more
sorry
:(
/me shoots an AC3 21 plasma rifle at DeathStar
Sometimes ponies are played at random times. :)
/me hugs twilight_sprinkle
h
AHHAAHAHA
Politics....
Irish_Pony: I'm happy you're here to comfort me :)
Kosy, did you just get out of school?
TWEEEEEEEST
Gamer_Luna: are you ok? :(
<3
/me dances on BlazeAngel s Ac3 21 plasma rifle "your so silly ^-^"
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUUUN
/me nomz CCCP
:D
got to admit, it sounds pretty cool through the processing I do for AM
RUN! :o
03ugh
Irish_Pony: Yeah :(
so stan has a tramp stamp
03are there any anime series that aren't extremely bloody?
03I mean, this show is neat and all but x.x
booby trap!
03I'm fairly squeamish
Gamer_Luna: I was worried...:(
:S
:O
Voldemort?
13Elfen Lied
LOLWUT?
Never watch PSG then
:P
13ttly not bloody at all
AE
13;3
lol
U LAIED
jimmeh carter
Meanwhile: lol
03never heard of it
13LOL
/me throws DeathStar into the brig with Captain Jack Sparrow
03also what's PSG?
13NO NO I'M BEING HONEST
Kaleido Scope is one
13REALLT
*gasp* The worst president of all time!
13*REALLY
:p
03a'
03*ah
:O
03wait what
do i have to wait till friday to watch ponies?
03I thought that show as just *perverted*
:O
It is
03not bloody
not bloody
Star Wars incoming
03well that's perfectly fine :P
rainbow: ponies = go to youtube :3
/me dances on Cartain Jack Sparrows hat
just weird
:P
rainbow: Never request ponies on the stream.
03k
rainbow yea kinda
03yeah I want to watch that one
03when it's dubbed
DeathStar: XD
lol
please, the worst president ever was James Pok
13I have a ton of recommendations but none of them are dubbed LOL
XD
ded
*polk
lol
.....
Well that was sudden
rainbow: there are pony realted things on here though
Irish_Pony: Even if something bad happens,I'll be safe :)
now ded
03yeah
Wow. Voldemort melted.
I think he died
Am I the only one who is seeing a ton of artifacts in the stream?
poor jimmy
03I want dubbed shows
INB4 On Toonami dubed
*dubbed
true
/me 11,01dusts Derpy_Hooves
Yeah, that reminded me of Crocomire.
inb4 fail
he killed jimmy!
Youneverknow
like the emocons
called it
10Digimon
:o
fail
lol
:)
03that's a really long series though isn't it?
SO AWESOME! /)^3^(\
03like Pokmon?
twilight_sprinkle: is smart
POWER SLIDE
Yeah
:s
dang it
INTERWEBS
THE INTERNET
Inb4 fox news
Gamer_Luna: I hope so...:(
10on its sixth season in Japan
03Code Geass is what, two parts of 36 episodes each?
TELEVISION
LAWL
texas
haha
Oh nevermind~
XD
10but the first season is 50 episode or so
xD
/me throws DeathStar into a time machine and he comes out in 9/11 on Obama's plane
P0rn
lol
even 4chan
THE INTERNET IS FOR PONIES! :D
And ponies.
=/
But mostly porn.
even porn
even ponies
XD
zwow, Porn!
wikipedia xD
03oh wait
Dan_: what about texas?
03the first half is only 25 episodes
RAWRity: lol
DeathStar: Osoma*
Revolution08: I think Gunther needs help with the bosses. :P
inb4 fox
oh lol
nvm then
Derpy_Hooves I think he's saying people from texas are dumb
BlazeAngel: I thought that was a typo
4chan deflowering youth since 2003
/me pets Derpy_Hooves "You are a good pony"
Derpy_Hooves: nothing :)
Why not both! *fiesta followed by vicous mauling*
allo there Phase4
Bye have a bguahbcugasbvg time!
hi Phase4
why does everyone say we dont watch my little pony on brony state? isnt that what this website is all about? :'(
SuperBrony64: please PLEASE no more of this show!
Hey
ohai
I didn't exit
Phase4: What is happing?
03LOL I love how these guys call all their enemies terrorists
rainbow: they are joking
11,02More of this show? Okie dokie
Community next?
I'd rather watch G3.6 than this!
does it could as stupid if you're specifically taught the wrong thing as a child?
NOOOOO
rainbow: Yes, but not ALL about ponys
|Discord|, stuff :P
rainbow: Uh, not really. :$
Rainbow: It's bronystate not ponystate silly filly :)
I was kick out of the app
rainbow: no this website is aboout having fun with other bronies
rainbow: we do watch it sometimes but not ALL the time
10Wolf's Rain
Kandarihu: Blasphomy!
lets watch KOTH
THANK YOU
/me dances on a cloud outside the airplane
03what's that?
10anime
KING OF TH EHELL
rainbow: t meet other bronies and watch a variety of stuff with them
03no duh
03but what about?
HILL*
10english dubbed somewhere
oh god
10http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wolf's_Rain
lol
Server don't go making up false excuses
Bronys enjoy other things too silly rainbow
rugrats!
are we really going to
you've been watching high school of the dead?
13I never finished Wolf's Rain LOL
:D
...
NO
13got to episode 25
YAY
:(
NO
NO!
PLEASE
YAY
yay
1030 episodes
the server always will
OH NO THE NOSTALGIA
id rather not
PLEASE KEEP IT
Spike's Babies?
rugrats? sure
03Grope 1. A Short Story <- that's a nice terminology
03:P
I dont really mind
This show is B-A-D!
:3
Oh my god...
babies in toy land...
its a classic
THE NOSTALGIAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Spike is a player
Oh no
WHAT
Rugrats lasted 9 seasons?
Oh, dat Rugrats~
PLEEEEASE
This show sucks.
why is everyone laughing at me? :(
RUGRATS BAD
maybe Azurill can blast the server
Babes in toyland XD
OMG.MY COMPUTER CRASHED :(
as a punishment
I LOVE NOSTALGIA
10no
I LOVE RUGRATS!!!
10you're looking at the manga
well what ever
(Squee) When was the last time I watched dis?
Rugrats??? FUCK YES!!!!!
10section
pervert daddy
omg rugrats!
Clan of the Duck what?
I said Bye Bye miss Equestrian Pie...
Well, I was never into this show.
Fuck....yeah
my childhood!
03oh
03well
Nostalgia galore
Im having a nostalgia attack!
i wonder how this show sounds in english
We
LOL
THE MEMORIES! :D
Apple_Bloom: PM me again,okay? :)
03hopefully by the time I'm done with this show, PMMM will be fully dubbed
who is controlling the netflix?
i've only seen it in spanish+
dat robit cat
Bloody hell it's been a long time. :D
Well..Time to download UDK Andd get it started. ><
fucking tecno cat
jizz on that cat
indeed a long time
they scared me
me too cachi01
I love this part
My god its been like...7 years....
jizz
CUM
-_-
O_(\
Irish_Pony: I know right?
really?
Irish_Pony: ikr?
/me headdesk
[Dashie]: ouch, you hurt my childhood
Bah Bahhhhh
dat close-up
So, in other news, you guys heard the MLP reference in SR3?
It is about wolveds
wolves
so many Mothersbaugh
in the rain
your welcome
obviously.
:p
03LOL
SR3?
Looks like I came back at the right time :P
SR3?
Saint Rows 3
Saints row 3
dang it angelica, you're suppose to make the e's backwards
mfw there is r34 of this D:
10Nope
mr chuckies dad
it's cute
oh nope
11,02TEN CENTS PLEASE
he looks like a pedophile
03then what's it about?
10Obviously about wolves though
=/
[Dashie]: http://memecrunch.com/meme/12F8/right-in-the-childhood/image.png
Angelica's dad looks like a douche
Bitch!
exactly
03not a fan of wolves, sorry
in the rain.
:p
INb4 Yiff
/me flee
i remeber one time they did a cantrlot wedding on bronystate
work pfff
angelica's dad is a pedophile
sagas: Considering how Angelica is, it wouldn't surprise me.
10yay IMDb
I wanna be a billionaire... so fricken bad....
Doesn't that game pre-date MLP FiM/
:3
rainbow why yes they have
hhhhhhhnnnnnnggggggggggg
10yeah I'm lazy
rainbow: they do it many times
ow my childhood
isn't there an MLP VA in there?
brb, restarting my computer
Yiff ahoy
05aah memories from when nikelodeon was briefly amogn the watchable channels at my childhood home
you pasted that
:v
Seems legit
I smell scheming
I'm just now hitting me that Chaz is a single father.
10The ending is SAD
Kandarihu: npe saints row released november 2011
child labor
Wrek: Amen brother.....
/me blinks
Guys!
i wasnt there for it though... :(
ED EDD N EDDY!
eating wwwoms
eating worms?
11,02LEMOLADE
/me pets [Dashie] "You are best pony"
Kandarihu: saints row 3*
/me is best pony
ending had yiff >->
WE SHOULD WATCH ED EDD N EDDY
If you want a good film, go watch Hamlet by Kenneth Branagh :p
GUYS! The reference to saints row is clear, just look it up on youtube!
yes
dat child labor
Pajaro: ^ YES
03yeah enough shakespeare
So, okay.
03seriuously
i just saw the video of it
ed edd n eddy
03*seriously
It is good though
Spike?
03Not a fan of old plays :P
Whether you like shakespeare or not
08,01HOLY SHIT RUGRATS
/me hugs Gamer_Luna worried for her
The babies in this are ugly. No offense
i wanna watch drake and josh
08,01this takes me back
10Hamlet anime
10mfw
Chuckie is a dragon.
sit
Canon.
I hated Shakespeare until I read/watched Othello
03She's the Man was an alright movie though, because yay modern takes on stuff
lol
actually in all seriousness Shakespear is ok in a moderate dse
I used to hate ed edd and eddy
what's this? other children?
slavery
I might be able complain about this if we weren't coming from where we came from.
Hugs Irish_Pony back :(
Hugs [Dashie] No your not you and everypony else is. :)
Shopping Arcade is one
evil bitch!! :[
this was good compared t the sequel where they r grown up
11,02What's her profit margain?
dem eyes
inb4 they screw it up
/me is the only best pony...
tastes like forced labor
Always hated this show.
how do you make a respose to people? :S
Iago <3
GLUGGLUGGLUGLGUGL
Oh, how old is this episode?
KOSOVEON
anyone else notice how fast she makes lemonade...
Wow she can't count! :o
omfg rugrats
Oh jesus those poor kids~ Holding ice~
Kandarihu: like 14 years old
Litwick: it is now.
dat counting
STEAL THE DIMES
Gamer_Luna: Im really worried for you :'(
rainbow: you typr their name half way then tab
rainbow you type the name, to help, type it half way and press tab to autocomplete
08,01my god, i feel old now
OK
lol
lol of courseangelica would
i remember watching this
I HAVE BEEN SUMMONED
CCCP: thanks
crap I laughed and snorted
03right, so did someone want those books LOL
i feel old and i only have 14 lol
Nyria: That reminds me, today a bunch of 7 year olds were having an ice holding contest and screaming their heads off.
Irish_Pony: I'll be alright,I promise you :)
rainbow: :D
08,01Irish_Pony: how old are you?
duble rainbow all the way......
Thanks to our wonderful president who can do no wrong.
I hope she dies!!! :[
What a bitch
Rugrats is classic. :) All Grown Up is crap. :|
08,01Irish_Pony: oh go on
LAWL
her mother has cancer
damn it spike
Monies.
and you honestly can't have enough shakespeare lol
XD
BlazeAngel: Wha?~ That's interesting~
Wait. I might've gone too far there.
LOL
God damn I forgot how much of a bitch she can be
CCCP: :D i like you cccp
spike ate all their family jewelry
YES DRF
:)
you could dig for all kinds of meanings in his plays all day long
it's fun
We want those books damnit
lol :D
Ponies47: alll grown aint crap..... ITS DONKEY SHIT INHALEATED IN DONKEY ASS CREATED BY SATAN
lol
Yeah Koso
We just started watching the Othello film in class
rainbow: :D :D thanks :3
holy crap dude
I was laughing at Lodovico
twilight_sprinkle: well, he's a growing dragon... maybe.
cachi01: LOL! :D
Also
oh angelica, you're so manipulative
BlazeAngel: Though those kids should be fine now~
what a fucking bitch....
:$
punch her in the face
my god the whining
HER VOICE IS NEEDLES IN MY EARS!
she so young, but some how the best funking lyer
We got our oral task for english, and it's basically just a dialogue no more than two minutes from the entire Othello play, Koso
grammar is ded
Kandarihu: spike is a dog in this show though, but he must still have dragon instincts
GOD DAMN IT
her mouth is on the side of her head
Angelica = Tom sawyer~
This is whining! :P
[Dashie]: Shes a psychopath
grmmer iz canen
I know what scenes I like, but I have a feeling a lot of people are going to be doing them
CCCP: i know right?
cus' Iago ;-;
lol
lul
I'm 19,I feel SO old :(
11,02She's outsourcing her work force
I love suzie
ohai Cree Summer <3
who agrees with me on ed edd n eddy?
There's the good side of the force
Oh god its the black chick...
rainbow: yup
o shit
So, any suggestions, Kosoveon?
Pajaro: i do
03well
child labor
Hey, uh, SuperBrony64... perhaps we can watch, after this of course.... *trollface*.... The super Mario brothers super show?
03who's going to pay me
03for those books
03:P
Looks like we had to bring in the token black girl
Also, I don't want to sing
inb4 they do the scene where othello kills *SPOILER*
/me shot
Gamer_Luna: Your not dat old :)
Hold shit, I forgot about Suzie. :D
Pajaro: but it wont be the same if its in english :S
Pajaro: i dont :P
nah but really
I'll repay you drf, but not in the immediate future
03:|
of course my telepathy link with you worked
03well
XD
03I'm waiting for a reply from GooReader first
11,02Super Mario Bros.?....I LOVE DAT SHOW :3
Ponies47: I feel old :D
nobody asked to say if you didnt
Ah
03since the purchaed books don't seem to work
there are lot of good scenes, hard to choose
Pajaro: im mexican so i grown up watchig this in spanish
SuperBrony64: IKR?
03I emailed them like, go fix your program
Yeah Kosoveon
shes a capitalist!!!!! :o
08,01Ghosties: nope, but i can look it up, 2 secs
You getting out of sharing your monies?
i said if you did
Does anyone else remember rugrats grown up or something like that~
04Alrighty
Gamer_Luna: It's ok :)
We should watch Parks and Recreation :)
Pajaro: it wont be the same in englsh
There's the choice of the very first scene with Iago/Roderigo
08,01i don't think we finalised anything
05yay i am lunas telepathic abillities
this compared to the kid tv shows now is canon
Nyria: yeah :/
CeilingKirz: If you're interested, the Server is up =3
OK CACHI
Nyria yep, they were trying too hard
go on strike!
Occupy the Front Yard
damn unions
lol
STRIKE! :[
And then at the end of Act I Scene III with the "Drown thyself? Drown cats and blind puppies!"
This is how you explain Labor Unions to children
:[
I just realized there necks are SUPER skinny.
That one is nice as well
lol
THE FUCK?
as I've said before my personal favorite is the "gardners of our will" scene or whatever...and LOL
11,02Haha, if they do that today, they get fired.
yes
And the other show, the animal show with the smashing guy~ I forgot the name but I love that show~
i oick REPTAR
REPTAR
Well, outsourcing only happens when companies can no longer afford to hire local workers.
2 votes for Tommy, 1 for Reptar.
yeah that scene is Act I Scene II
Reptar! Fuck yeah! :D
er
all of them
III*
Reptar can be vice president of union
SuperBrony64: A sad truth...
08,01okay, i gather we were goign to have a live stream event at BUCK
Reptar of coarse! :D
Also the "Reputation, Reputation" scene with Iago and Cassio is good
|Discord|: the impressive part is when u realize they have necks lol they r so skinny they are invisible
slavery
08,01does BS have a presence at EFNW?
04I can Ctrl+F right now
08,01because that's the same weekend
04EFNW?
OMG,who remembers Kenen and Kel from Nick? :)
yay slavery!
angelica is new hitler
evil!
WORK! :[
08,01everfree northwest
oh yes
inb4 Angelica fires them and hires illegal mexican immigrants
Oh shit
overthrow the proletariat
Gamer_Luna: MEEEEEEE
:O
04Uh
Tommy manning up
IT WAS MY FAVE SERIES
sagas: lol wow
/me was never contacted
Occupy Front yard
we want dimes
What the hell are they going to spend money on, anyway?
rugrats has politics?
hen3ry: I think you mean overthrow the burgoise
SuperBrony64: are you doing the netflix? aka shows that we are watching?
I feel like this is occupy wall street in a nutshell~
08,01and i take it you've not contacted them either?
yeah
SparkleButt: diapers
.....jar brakers
jaw
Also the kneeling scene
08,01fair do's
drugs
SparkleButt: they wan't them because they're shiney
I love that scene
wow
Adult problem in a kids show
I think this is CCCP's favorite episode
man I love the 90s
I don't need dimes! I need $20 bills! :D
You know what? They should just quit and start their own lemonade stand.
one LEMONLAID
04I haven't, but I would assume Super would probably go since he's close to the Northwest, as is Val
sagas: lol
xD
Dumb fabric
08,01it's just that, seeing as botha re the same weekend, we may be able to run an event there, and one at BUCK simultaneously, depending on what we decide to actually do
Fail
11,01I think EFNW is sold out.
shes poisening it!
lol
08,01it is, yes
HAI NS! :D
I dont want your damn lemons what am I supposed to do with these?!!!! Anyone get it?
HE GONE! :O
I WANT FUCKING LEMONAID NOW >:(
haven't said hi to you in days D:
Where Iago is like "Witness here you ever-burning lights above - You elements that clip us round - Witness that Iago doth give up the execution of his wit, hands, heart, to wrong Othello's service..."
They don't need to protest her stand like that. They just quit. But okay. They're infants.
BlazeAngel: lol
beesines
THAT LEMONADE HAS FEELINGS.
:|
yeah
MY BUSY-NESS
I've been busy
My buissyness is ruined
04Hmm, then I doubt doing anything now would be of consequence however it is something to remember for the PR group
^
but yeah Kosoveon
when life gives you lemon
idk what to do
:<
YOU DON'T MAKE LEMONADE
11,01The mod of Dr. Adoirable couldn't get into EFNW because it's sold out.
inb4 they murder her
they did all the work and no money
make pinkie pies
11,01*can't.
and y do they have to keep faking they dont know how to speak?
GOD
04I imagine we'll get a rundown of cons and then plan on contacting from there
YOU MAKE LEMONLAID
She then retired to the Bahamas on her golden parachute
So she closes down the factory and walks away with the profits
SPAM
what happens if the parents know they speak?
SPAM
08,01okay
SMA
Cookies cookies cookies! :)
SPAM
o dang
SPAM
i love lemonlaid
rainbow
Lemons?!?!?
thank you kickbot
dat kick
want to play a game
lol
they are quite good
08,01if you want to do something there thoguh, i could ask Final Draft about it
shit
Hippie bastard
11,01Lemons! *throws*
08,01but anyhoos
08,01BUCK
soviet frontyard
[Dashie]: Sure lets play
wow
04Did you Ctrl+F for BUCK?
Communist lemons
/me eats ALL the lemons
:o
combustible lemons!
04If not, I'll do it now
A WHIPPING
oh
I c wut u did there.
sagas...
:D
lol sorry for spamming
Seriously, this is like Communist Russia up in here
i cant play
This mean Banished TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOON
ahhh, lemon in my eyes!
What is this shes being nice?????????
:(
YAY FOR WASTING PRODUCT!
i broke my eyes
u hit the camera man
08,01so i think our main idea was to have an event where we stream a show or some pony episodes with 2 projectors: one for the show, one for chat
In Soviet Russia lemon wastes you
rainbow: (hugs)
Clan of the Duck.
>.>
Anyone wanna come to the moon with me while wearing old spice and riding a golden rocket and flying over Sumica's house and then seeing Wuna and overthrowing Celestia and killing Cadance? Anyone?
[Dashie]: Yes?
clan of the fuck
hmm
i mean duck
BionicPony: :|
08,01or have a BMN live there, or something
INB4 organizational problems makes it neccessary for one of them to take charge.
BlazeAngel: Where do I sign up?
eww :(
Blazeangel: NO
lol
CCCP: man i love you <3
sagas: At the booth over there. *points*
Whooves up for making lame jokes?
08,01i didn't ctrl+f for it, but i did have a look on our wiki. there's nothing finalised, though.
are there any constraints to the assignment besides the two minutes thing
pony regrats???
rainbow: :D!
Whew,The air has become calm and the weather is normal,I feel better now :S
Well
rygrats
like, can you choose any scenes basically?
We have the analyse the scene
Terrible recycled jokes are my burden to bear upon the world
CCCP: :D
sorry gtg bbl
wtf
And show the importance of it, etc.
MY LEGS ALL SWEATY
bye CCCP! *hugs*
/me walks over to where BlazeAngel points
I hate the Spring and Summer, I LOVE Winter!
No costumes, and one prop only
and that boy is wearing a skirt
08,01if any of you have any ideas of stuff BS could run at BUCK, let me know
but summer vacations!
DAMN IT!
sagas: Hello! Would you like to sign up?
:'(
this was back in the day when kids would just sit on the ground and played with sticks and dirt
which is a bit silly but lol
13episodes is probably safest
08,01because i'm basically open to anything you want to do
CCCP!
BionicPony: try telling that to people who are coming up with fresh and original humor.
04Ah, I found it too
I love dressies
0,5Kissing booth
Irish_Pony: Fall is great too!
13lawyers would be maaaaad if you used movie
Men wear kilts
dat mud
is gone
:[
In before kilts.
0,5sorry, (G)
lol
Transgendered episode?
And thats the art of the dressies :p
08,01LordCelestia: within the appropriate bounds of taste and decency
sagas: Meh, I like it for its colors :)
And yeah we can
Dan_: oh the old times when most of the girls were not like today :l
:p
:P
:p
Dat sexism
but it has to be two-people really
there from the fucking 70s
Anypony want to see my drawing of FlareChaser? http://fav.me/d52azp9
Why yes I would, BlazeAngel
?
i sware
?
08,01yeah, that was it
anyone else's lines in the scene we have to cut out
I suggest
<.<
cachi01: ikr :p
you made a vid for buck
?
08,01i knew there was something vital i was forgetting
like we did for bcon
during the finals
Nice, Biglaw!
sagas: Ok, sign here, and here.... and.... here!
thanks sagas!
05,15When is BUCK and when would you need it plugged?
08,01yeah, our publicity team are already on this
Howard looks like hes on some great meth
08,01we run 18th and 19th August
dang it internet
>.<
/me signs BlazeAngel's paper
FIRST ONE TO SAY SOMETHING 7 TIMES IN UNDER 10 SECONDS WINS INTERNETS
Niglaw: Nice :)
04Ah, so your PR is already making a vid?
wha?
04Good
inb4 cross dressing
08,01but plugging ASAP is good
/me sniffs "My heros"
She wears the pants as they say
yeah
it's SOOOO hard
*Biglaw: Nice sorry :p
I'm not usually one to find liberal propaganda in cartoons, but...
.-.
/me wins the internet cause he lieks ponies
lol no
08,01as we need as many tickets sold as possible
SOMETHING 7 TIMES IN UNDER 10 SECONDS
sagas: Ok, lets go on that adventure! :) *does all the stuff I mentioned above*
dat toothpick
TOOTHPICKS
shit
Kandarihu: 42
08,01also... lemme just check who is in here
thnaks Ponies47! I didn't get the first ping :p
Kandarihu: i c wat u did there!
and I agree that the Iago and Rodrigo scenes would best fit the assignment
....
BlazeAngel: Yay!
00,10get us a copy of it when you can
Dear God.
sexy
Yeah
thanks*
o.o
as you wouldn't have to cut anyone else out
lol
Also Act III Scene III
Yo jho Marilyn
sagas: Grab my beard!
Which is the jail scene with Othello and Iago
08,01okay, how many of you know about the john de lancie thing?
SEY AND I KNOW IT
Where Iago echoes Othello
08,01i think i've talked about it in SRS?
*SEXY
like "Think, my lord?"
no.
Their parents must be so proud.
Brony and I know it
this would bring up so much controversy today :D
Biglaw: I miss spelled you username by mistake :p
How do they know what a dress feels like if they are still wearing pants underneath?
SWAG
13yep
00,10depends which thing do you meen?
0,14the documentary thing?
that guy is jonny from ed edd n eddy
nooo no references to that ''music'' if we can call it like that
08,01okay, well, this stays in here
fuck gravity
Actually that's not the jail scene
lol
that's just before the kneeling
I BELEAVE I CAN FLY!
sagas: Grab my beard!
/me grabs BlazeAngel's beard with anxiouse caution and hesitation
Ponies47 this is my OC http://fav.me/d527ach and I know, it's alright
Dafuq?
also the part where Othello threatens to kill Iago in that scene is good too
04inb4 he does a shout out to BronyState
TOOTHPICKS
Gamer_Luna: <3<3<3
guys what was the point in hiding t their parents that they can speak???????????????
cachi01: Hey I just met you, and this refernce is crazy. Here's my ping, you mad maybe?~
08,01but the long and short of it is that we're currently putting together a kickstarter to raise money to get JdL's documentary down to BUCK
08,01and GalaCon
lol
Biglaw: Nice. I like that smile :)
08,01(which is in Germany)
Nyria: FUUUUUUUUU
sagas: *flys into the air with you hanging on, rainbows flying out my ass* ADVENTUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURE!
WHOAAA
sexy times
08,01and we'll need to plug the hell out of it
Ponies47 thanks :)
08,01like really freakin' go for it
yeah
Irish_Pony: <3 <3 <3 <3
Ey GamerLuna you accepting members?
Nyria: /)
hi\
08,01so i was wondering if i could plug it on BS?
:)
I could do it
0,14so I guess the PR team gets the word out for that?
Biglaw: eeyup :)
04Hmm, the kickstarter?
04Yeah
cachi01: they cant talk there speacking baby
08,01aye
xD
/me thinks
04This sounds like PR work
you know, I'd love to act out a scene with you, Kosoveon :p
although I think in the movie that shot that scene at a beach
04Which means
04Tonight
:d
04I make PR
specking baby
@othello and iago
BROHOOF /)
08,01though the kickstarter isn't made yet
HAI
Hey Biglaw! Grab my beard!
It is
and lololol
yes
at da park
Or at least part of it
:3
yummy gummy
Dummy worms
*they
/me begins singing Nyan song while riding BlazeAngel
asdf
fuck grammarerer
/me grabs BlazeAngel's beard
The part where Iago echoes Othello is done in the armoury
08,01we're under agreement with JdL and the docu crew not to launch ours until theirs finishes on the 11th June
I GOT SOME GUMMY WORMS IN MY VAN
[Dashie]: ooooooh that solves lots of questions i had like 8 years ago O_o thx
dummy worms
RIPTAR
WHOAAAA
08,01thing is, europeans aren't really donating to them
Knew it.
lol
. . .why are they in a dress?
and Othello threatens to kill him is done at the beach
08,01so we still think we have that market
Oh my
LOL
08,01well, "market"
Biglaw: *flys into the air with you hanging on and rainbows flying out my ass* ADVENTTTTTTUUUUUUUUUUURE!
This episode is just... -_-
13so next week movie night we can do a big plug
08,01demographic is a more appropriate word
*rubin
And the final part, the kneeling scene, was cut out and put after Act IV Scene I
Philomina.
After the jail scene
lolwutwrongchat
BlazeAngel ADVEEENNNTUUURRRE TIIIMMMEEE!
omnomnonom
08,01next friday, as in the 15th?
04As long as BronyState can be a big thing for BUCK
MMMMMMMM
Jakina, lovely name
Which is a bit weird but actually makes more sense tbh
guud
GUUD
08,01well, eurostream
phill has secrets
CHEW CHEW CHEW
08,01so the 16th
lol
Also the bloody handshake in that part was good
SECRET BUTT FUN
04It would be good that we could have such contacts with the International Community
/me 11,01chews
lol
/me gets into a corner and plays metal at high volume while saying ''dubstep is a lie, pop is a lie, JB is a lie''
I NEED AN ADULT!
lol
chuky is wanted
You earned a watcher, Biglaw
08,01i fully intend to have BS as big at BUCK as you want it to be
11,01I adult a need.
kids kids! you're acting like highschoolers!
lol
and heh, I'd love to do Hamlet with you :p
dubstep is nothing but the truth
CHUCK WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU IN A DRESS?
I could see how they could fall for chuckie, but phill?
sagas thanks!
04We plug to get JDL down at BUCK
oh i was worried
Ive always wanted somebody to draw me in pony form. I tried doing it myself, but my artistic talents couldnt do it.
YOU DRUNK?
jk
08,01honestly though, I need you guys to decide what you want to do and how to implement it. i'm up to my eyeballs in con stuff as it is
04That's us doing a good thing for the Euro bros
How did that work?
yeah
wait did that just happen?
cachi01: Metal is the way. \m/:[\m/
chucky??? in spanish he is called carlitos lol
What the fuck.
The mirror scene is god damned awesome, and the part with Hamlet and Polonius where Hamlet is like "Words, words, words!" is hilarious
inb4 GET THEE TO A NUNNERY
So why cant boys wear dresses? I find this cartoon to be homophobic
08,01prince-lemon: are you coming to BUCK?
lmfao
<.>
08,01how many BS-ers will we have there?
Blaze allow me to offer my services
"To be, or not to be"
so the moral of the story is not to wear dresses
sagas: Mmmmmmyes quite
sagas: i ki nd of agree
they crashed into mt. fuji
GilDash: \m/ :[ \m/
04I think Dari and Olly are trying to go
fatasses
04I know Olly is
I love how so many adaptions of hamlet
*kind
Yeah
^.v
08,01aye
-_^
cachi01: Fuck yeah. :)
sagas: wow :[
Wrek grab my beard!
have him hold yoricks skull while saying that line
04And I'd love to go
04But
04No monies ._.
As for numbers of BS members, I think at least...
mmmmmm kidney pies
when the two belong to two different scenes
hehe, they haven't seen the internet yet~
08,01oh, also, wrek's a guest of honour
They would be commiting a hate crime nowadays
11,01[Dashie]: But it's fun.
what are they, stormtroopers?
also I'm almost tempted to choose Act I Scene III just for the sake of saying "Put money in thy purse"
08,01so that's 4 of us
dem jews
JEWS
11,02Dat Einstein
hey!
yeah that's kinda weird
the to be or not to be is in act III, while the yorick's skull is Act V
Maybe 5 BS regs
Most ethically varied park ever
yes you haveto run from people lol
but Branagh's version is hilarious
08,01aye
0,14^
yeah
Not 100% sure who is going, and who is thinking about it
SuperBrony64: Grab my beard!
04Meanwhile should totally go
but it shocks the hell out of Polonius
THE HORROR
00,02^
08,01i'm getting unfoundbug to herd them all up on the saturday to come have lunch together
hahaha
<>_<>
11,01Fun and exercise.
Da Horra!
so I'm like "rofl"
man i really dont wanna wait till friday for pony night
i love the seemingly friendly racism and prejudice
yes lol
13>herd
Kilts!
kilts
13>ponies
Lul
This is random but do haters ever come to bronystate?
08,01yes, dear
08,01:P
these kids would be super good at parkour
It's a KILT
"brevity is the soul of wit"
Scots babies!
XD
yeah
0,5lol
PinkiePry: idk
Branagh does Polonius' death well
08,01i wish shizu could come, i want to give her 1,000 glomps
CLAN OF THE DUCK
08,01anyhoos
I feel these Scotish babies should have beards
Scottish who wear kilts are secure in their masculinity.
Luna you locked it I think
I love the clan of the duck!
Oh my
Hey Nittany_Discord, grab my beard!
Freedom!
he acts out Hamlet's rash insanity + impulse nicely
wha?
dat flash
/me stares at clock
FREEDON
FREEDOM
04Oh man
11,01WTF?
THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE
_
04We're so gonna go over 8 hours :D
Fuck ya! Our Scottish neighbors!!!!
lol
^-^
08,01if you come to me with ideas, i can give you the yay or neigh
he does, although polonius in the movie looks like he has a trollface when hamlet realizes it's him and not claudius
XD
Those bullies... YOHOHOHOHOHOHO
Nittany_Discord: Just do it!
:D
lmfao
08,01most likely the former
he does
BOOZE
awww yeah
04Well, let's get PR going
I knew they were cross dressers...
04They've got a lot to handle
And they all grew up gay.
04Anyways
these parents can't keep an eye on their children for one second
Irish_Pony: I know someone Scottish IRL who always wears a kilt. No underear either, like the real thing. :D
04What else is there?
see there speacking baby
Irish_Pony: You can say fuck us, but you can never fuck our freedom!
what
11,02ONE MORE CHEER FOR THE CLAN OF THE DUCK
ship guts
:L
eruebhqg
And Hamlet has a trollface on after he kill polonius anyway
04We got to Luna's point
Ship guts?
04Oh
So they use the WHOLE sheep?
/me cheers
sagas: :D
fuck my grammmerarewa
HAZHA
/me 11,01ducks SuperBrony64
every last intestine
BRB getting moar food!
/me cheers
i love rugrats! <3
0,14and kirz's point as well
when Rozencratz and Guildenstern ask him where he put the body
OF THE DOOK
sagas: Some of us will give it a good go. ;)
kilt wave
11,02O.o
04Kirz and I were in agreement about discussing the RPing
Scrooge McDuck, ftw
whoa
Kilt Flipping Wave!
08,01now, attempt to sleep again; unless you need me for more?
GilDash: Aww...lucky :(
0,14o_o
O_O
...........
lol]\
i'm listening
SuperBrony64!
Heart lungs and liver of a sheept boiled in its own stomach!
what are they doing O_O
11,01Haven't seen this show in ages.
do irish people actually do this?
we need a gif of that
DIPERS FUCK YEAH
Hey SuperBrony64, Grab my beard!
TALK TO ME
Nittany_Discord: Your lucky
And then Hamlet is like "Oh... you might pass him on the way to the attic as you see the rats" when Claudius asks him
:[
11,01Didn't even catch these references.
Dan_ scotts
Dashie YES
Nittany_Discord: lol the f is besides the d so u can mispell it
dat diper
Nittany_Discord: i know
Irish_Pony: Moved away from him ages ago, mind. Still, it were awesome when he got drunk at parties. :D
Dan_: they're scottish
GilDash: Give it your best shot!
when i was little the credits for this scared me
yes XD
04Kirz thinks that we should only crack down on the worst offenders instead of blanket ban RP
sagas: Don't tempt me. ;)
cause i thought it was blood
XD
Dan learn your accents
the mel gibson version does the scene well too
oops, did I say irish? lmao
GilDash: lllllllluuuuuuuuccccccckkkkkkkyyyyyy!!!!!! :(
have you seen that one?
11,02Thanks for tuning in everypony ^-^
I WANNA WATCH FUCKING DRAKE AND JOSH
GilDash: For FREEDOM!
Not yet
13second!
04But I still think the mod team needs to really really really have restraint as well
Well, it is more of an issue with people not being able to use /me responsibly
Haven't had much time
11,01This is back when cartoons took risks and no-one got mad.
04As in
I meant scottish
ED EDD N EDDY
Watch Community!
SuperBrony64: U r welcome
Good day, I have just made thine accquaintance, and this is foolish. But please take thy digits, and holler at my person mayhaps?
we should watch....ed edd n eddy
1997?
Certain individuals
I'm busy for the next 3 days or so
SuperBrony64: your leaving :'(
KILT WAVE FOR SUPERBRONY!
04Please don't heavy RP guys
But I will do it after
ED EDD N EDDY
11,02Next up, enjoy Wrek's stream :)
hello guys
SuperBrony64: Grab my beard!
ED D N EDDY
it's not as good as branagh's version but it's good in its own right
SuperBrony64, your streams, they are greatness
/me 08,01steals SuperBrony64
1,11I thought there was a separate channel made for BronyState RP...
04Nitt, if you want to do Maid stuff please keep it light
08,01i'm off to bed again
it has a great ophelia
ED EDD N EDDY
08,01night all
ED EDD n EDDY!
04OH GOD NO
11,02O.O
SuperBrony64: Space befor you leave?
ED D N EDDY
Night
04NO NO NO NO NO NO
ponies!!!i want ponies!!!
ED EDD N EDDY
SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK
13might be wrong but i don't think any of us were doing heavy rp
People say the David Tennant version is good
04Well
11,01No.
Ed Edd n Eddy sounds good
INB4 silvershipper
13at least not as bad as viewers
04Not us
Lul
and it's more realistic in terms of scenery
ive been reading homestuck for many hours and currently i am the mayor of cantown
Alright. Later.
damn
I remember being in Silvershipper one night, a while ago
haven't seen that version
yet
Aaand then stream died
I'm just kinda like "I think you guys just watch it because you think he's hot, even though I can't even begin to fathom that"
strict rules
On my phone, on the drive back from work
yay more rugrats :D!
Apple_Bloom: Whats Homestuck?
Almost crashed twice. Please don't
GilDash: Grab my beard!
And ah
DUDE HOW DO YOU PICK THE SHOWS AND STREAMS?
04Yeah, the RPing I'm only concerned about within the team is Nitt and maid hour
/me grabs BlazeAngel's beard.
I liked the setting for Branagh's version
from the mod side, we've done hugs, noms, glomps, fruit, and maid, but nothing beyond basic fun
Dken2021: very.
Miss_Rainbow: you don't pick the mods do
the castle itself was such a troll
11,01Who was the guy that did the Pizza Pony fanfic in chat?
04Heh
sagas:???
Doors, DOORS EVERYWHERE
04Silvermane
11,01Way back.
08,01Miss_Rainbow: there's an elf in my pants that whispers what should be stream
04That was Silvermane
11,01Him.
08,01everyone listens to it
XD
i'm currently in act 2
08,01i call it barnaby
13been so long since silvermane was perma'd...
time to get back to reading
HEIL BARNABY
im out
ewwwwwww fanfic
/me flys off into the sky with GilDash Hanging by my beard and rainbows coming out of my ass. "ADVENTUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURE"
04And it was a mistake too
LOL
Do you like it,Irish_Pony?
/me is a elf
/me sighs
My bad wrong Apple
XD
08,01DeathStar: he already knows <3
DeathStar: i know i just wanna know how they do it :P
11,01Is he unbanned?
Gamer_Luna: <3
04No
04But
it's true though
1,11Silvermane was permabanned?
inb4 a meme-wise version of hamlet
04I don't think he cares to venture back in BronyState
13anyway... i think we just have to keep a close eye on when people are abusing /me RPing
lmfao
0,5Silver does not
to troll or not to troll, that is the question
/me shot
hahahahaha
lmfao
04All I ask from Nitt is that he just takes better care to not overdo maid stuff
04Like
My Little Homestuck, Friendship isn't and emotion fucknuts. LOL
04You know how easy it is to incite other users with maid stuff
sagas: idfk
Frality, thy name is Live Journal!
hahahahahaha
13after last night, we could almost bring fruit back
11,01Yeah.
04So just be easy, or cool, or light, or whatever
sagas some long-tome running "interactive" comic
XD
get thee to a facebook
11,01I just do /me dusts and /me cleans
his nose unclogs? nice
Anyone else read, "Somewhere only we know"? My mind is so filled with fuck. :(
11,01I never go overboard.
get thee to gaia
Miss_Rainbow: Well thank you for your help...
[Dashie]: MAGIC!
04And if someone goes overboard
lmfao
04If someone really pushes RPing
well shit
_
04Timeban
04Or warn first
Wrek: i wanna watch drake and josh :(
04Then timeban
13very much yes
11,01K.
WTF
BlazeAngel: Whats that?
0,14*u*
we also have some of the regulars doing their part to keep new people in line
drake nd josh?
04But that won't happen yet, not until we get the rule going
Twitter, Twitter, Twitter!
04I mean
(Words, words, words!)
no drake and josh ED EDD N EDDY :[
do you know what would be the best thing ever?
lmfao
WE SHOULD GO TO THE MAGICAL LAND OF YOUTUBE
same Kosovo XD
KENAN AND KEL :[
04You can enforce it, but we haven't done the rule yet
and watch captain hook biker gorila
sagas: YOUR WELCOME :p
if derpy was part of the mane 6
G'night all! I have to go be a douche to my sister and draw some more! But before I go, everybody, GRAB MY BEARD!
11,01Chat likes Maid Hour. I might bring it back, but the RPers will be gone. RP has gotten bad w/o it.
Wrek: You just missed him.
actually that would make it 7
13can keep filing it under spam until it becomes its own thing
04WE'RE SO CLOSE
BlazeAngel: G'night
if it becomes an issue, I'll warn, then kick, haven't reached the point of a timeban yet
044 MINUTES GUYS
broniesrock: but there is no element of muffinocity.
13own rule rather
Pajaro: shut up
05lets see if this works on first try
043 MINUTES GUYS
NO U
meeting wrap up
/me dances on BlazeAngel s beard
meeting wrap up
04Yeah, warning then kick then timeban
broniesrock: and everpony else , if derpy was part of the mane 6 wich pony would she replace
Wrek: black screen here
drake and josh baby! :D
DeathStar: O U
0,5lets finish our, uh....
Wrek: Whatchya doin?
13let's finish our boring staff cheer
also Polonius: "Will you walk out of the air, my lord?" and then "Into my DA?" - "Indeed, that is out of the air."
04Come on...
:P
ohai stream
People live here.
Wrek: yep. it works
Wrek: oh there its on
Zanfrancisco?
dem romans
ROMAN
wtf is this?
Wrek: What is this? :D
04Just 2 more minutes...
00,02anyone else here use xchat?
13although really, we did much better this time :3
11,01I've been doing kick/warn/ban with heavy RPers.
Dem convicts
I thought you meant talking about PR
ahh but everypony forgot about the element of derpiness
but you meant RP
spooky modern jazz :D
lol
SPookty modern jazz
......that music sounded like it came from Monty Python...
lol
04PR, RP, WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE :D
dat izzard
:( aww not this
I heard san francisco has the best fruit
04(very much a difference)
and yea i've seen you ban princess molestia
11,01Letter placement.
if you know what I mean
San Francisco! Great city. I was born outside there and I wish I could move back
lmao
04Okay
04Well
13oh my
broniesrock: lol IRK?
Well I'm going to sleep nighty night everyone~
13such..
13expression?
bye
:P
nighty Nyria
bye
That would be the best job
BYE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:{
04Now comes the fun part
what is this?
:[
Wrek: what is this??? :D
xD
04RESULTS
04Now we have to CATALOGUE
00,10sound like Dari narating
Stealing hubcaps? Sounds like Liverpool. :D
04woooooo
Hamlet: *RAGEFACE* THOSE TEDIOUS OLD FOOLS.
Seriously, what is this?
Goodnight, sweet prince, and let flights of facebookers sing thee to thy rest."
0,5catalogue ALL the topics
041 MINUTE
he has so many badges
13meeeeeeeeeh i'll pull logs and do minutes later
lmfao
Idek.
"I loved thee, Facebook"
0,5Nope, too late, meetings over
lol
..........
11,01Damn. Took notes up to the lit dept stuff.
XD
04Shizu do you want to just summarize the meeting like last time?
Morgan Freeman?
GilDash: So true....
13plan to
inb4 hamlet to polonius, "you are a trollmongerer?"
i'm going to bed
wtf xD
04Alrighty
3 am here
I've heard San Francisco has gone really downhill lately.
04LUNA WAIT
hahahahahaha
night everyone
oh
04IT'S NOT THE HOUR YET
lol
lol
04NO
04WAIT
13sleeeeeeep
00,025 seconds!
One minute
138pm but sleeeeeeep
Kandarihu: Bum Dum, Tsh
Lawl
bed is calling
"Alas, he knew me not. He thought me a trollmongerer when he first saw me"
13there it is
13RUN
04......................................................okay :D
00,02its 11 now
13RUN FAR AWAY
04Go GO GO GO
BYEZ!
Wrek: what the fuck is this?
Night Luna! <3
/me 00,02hugs Luna
11,01Bye Luna.
What is this? :D
04Bye Woona <3
00,02night Luna
05,15Night Luna!
13night woona
08,01night luna
05,15Soooo, meeting is over?
Is prince-lemon a bot?
/me hugs everyone goodnight
04YES
:[
04Hold on
okay
prince-lemon: one doesn not simply place lyra and plushie in the same sentence
04Lemme make it official
11,01Hey chat, can I trust you to behave tonight?
/me slams gavel down
JUDGEMENT TIME IS OVER!
04MEETING ADJOURNED
something is rotten in the state of 4chan
04Go home
sure
04And be
0,5IM NOT GUILTY
11,01Yay!
Yes daddy :3
04A family man
/me flees
08,01this is ridiculous: i'm off my laptop now, but i'm ircing on my laptop as i'm horizontal...
Nittany_Discord: whats the ocation nitt?
13you're still here?
no but he runs a script.
_U ? ()
Cellotape? definitely brit
cachi01: you just did
13it's over
Nittany_Discord: No. *scribbles on the walls*
13go home
get out!
inb4 dari kicks all
O_O?
04HAHA, LUna <3
I can try.
XD
DeathStar: damn lol
Nittany_Discord: yeah
as you can see i don't have much to do right now
05,15Shizuka dat Ferris Bueller
Nittany_Discord: probably not :(
13ikr
0,14^
04<@Luna> JUDGEMENT TIME IS OVER! <-- <3333
Nittany_Discord: its 9...i see!
Und then Eddie Izzard.
Nittany_Discord: Uhh...
Nittany_Discord: have i ever been bad?
Nittany_Discord I'm going to go with a no. Mostly because reasons.
have I ever steered you wrong Nittany_Discord?
04JUDGE TIME OVER
Nittany_Discord: yes there will be no r34:O
04HE'S GUILTY
08,01<@Luna> GET OUT OR YOUR SOULS WILL BE HERE FOREVER
Ahh a comedy routine
04FUCK THE JURY
...
0,14so we're done?
GilDash: You should just give up while your are ahead
omg yes!!
08,01Ghosties: i already did.
r34? where?
13i see
04Yes, we're good Saxy
next meeting in 2 weeks!
no where...
13RUN AWAY
Well I gotta get off now, guys
04Now, if you fine folks will excuse me
/me 11,01locks away LC.
Om: Whatever. :D
-_(\
bye sagas
1,11That was fun.
this show needs more rocky horror
Bye bye sagas :)
04I must step out for a minute, my throat is all kinds of sore
0,5Mine tooo
0,5thats wierd
night everyone
lol
0,5O___O
oh san francisco, that makes sense then
that guy look fucking homo and gay :P
0,5ITS THE MEETING DISEASE
k, back. Didn't Shizu just stream this special a month ago?
0,14later Luna
Miss_Rainbow: he's a transvestite.
GilDash: I see you have adopted the language of a vally girl
Frisco sounds like a room temperature discount orange soda.
04When I'll return I'll create PR and do the appointments
0,5nini lulu
11,01Who's streaming?
Miss_Rainbow: It's Eddie Izzard. It's part of the act.
0,5Yes, please do
Nittany_Discord: Wrek.
Pfffft
Nittany_Discord: Wrek i think
0,5My body is ready
we forgot the open floor
11,01We never went over Bronyfunds.
05Miss_Rainbow: if you gona be homophobic please be such behind closed doors
he looks like he was fucking bitches and dude i know :D
well tbh, about 75% of san fransisco is.... off ;)
13what special
oh well if people have items..
0,5NOPE
we'll discuss them SOON
0,5MEETING IS OVER
13eddie izzard dress to kill?
ok
!pokemon
sorry
Kosoveon, you are a 6Cleffa.
GilDash: When is it ever neccessary
Wrek: interesting word, "homophobic"
05Shizuka: :D
13<3
yeah. Eddie Izzard Dress to Kill
13nothing wrong with seeing it again silly :3
hhaha lol :D
It basically means the fear of homosexuals, right?
hmm 75% of san fransisco is off, the other 25% is ganbangers?
<3 shizuka
13city of snakes
Nittany_Discord: so are we gonna do this??
/me hugs Shizuka
<3
the other 25% are city officials :)
yo
I
11,01If Wrek is ok with it.
Om: Whenever I'm around. ;)
13aaaaand close log!
11,01But I feel that it's going to get out of hand.
05what Nittany_Discord?
Ryunosuke: whats the difference?
8,6ok, so for those of you that participate in it, Maid Hour may return provisionally, but the catch is that it can't be taken overboard
/me hides
man i hate it when they are not streaming my little pony :[
Nittany_Discord: maybe not, its been a while, these things cool down
13X3
4 million years.
GilDash: You are full of yourself
1,11I'm going to finish organizing these interviews.
8,6though most of you I'd trust not to
Miss_Rainbow: you must hate it often
Huzzah.
Om: Full of many people, Omffee. ;)
Miss_Rainbow: man i hate when people rage about the strea :[
Wrek: look at what hour it is
lol
11,01Wrek: Maid Hour isn't banned.
05Miss_Rainbow: I stream what i want, deal with it.
cachi01: ikr?
!lag
/me rolls eyes at GilDash
[Kosoveon] Lag with ocean.lugia.us is 1.997secs
Nittany_Discord: Oh dear... :$
05Nittany_Discord... here's my response
cachi01: sheez
inb4 spiderman.mp4
I'd say that all the people who chicken out on anything that can possibly be offensive to homosexuals, they have a fear of homosexuals, right? Perhaps that is true homophobia.
WIIIW
WOOW
Miss_Rainbow: sorry but ponies are rarely streamed here
MAID HOUR BACK?
HECK YEAH
Miss_Rainbow: usually only on movie nights
Eddie Izzard tiem
dat response
8,6lol
0,5bai
Wrek: WHY IS EVERYONE MEAN TO ME :'(
05Miss_Rainbow: on the contrary, you are the one being mean
/me hugs Midnight_Tempest
lol
HAHAHAHA Kosoveon
05shape up your act, no allcaps.
Miss_Rainbow: too much of mlp gets old really fast :)
<Kosoveon> something is rotten in the state of 4chan
lol'd
Miss_Rainbow: *sighs* ur being mean and please PLEAAAASE go read the rules
Miss_Rainbow: it's because you were complaining about the stream and that is rude
my little avengers
hm i need to make maid fit in my name
8,6Now, Maid Hour is returning provisionally, we're hoping all of you can be mature in this and not get out of hand with it
best fanfic ever
:'(
/me dusts CeilingKirz
11,01Idiots will be banned.
it seems Meanwhile enjoys maid hour
what we watching?
I appologize :p
/me Ohmygoshohmygosh...
If there's one thing I'm good at, it's keeping things in my hands.
oh well i should be baned then o.o
11,01Like during the other 23 hours of the day.
you know
11,01Else
To everyone: IM SO SORRY!
giant soul staring eyes
0,5You bes not mess dis shit up
0,5or imma fuck you up
:'
f
GilDash: Talk about science. And all will be fine.
:'(
so much cursing o_o
Eddie Izzard looks suspiciously like Ellen Degeneres
?
Miss_Rainbow: no allcaps please
8,6because everyone knows the best maids follow the rules and do what they're told ;)
^_^ got my booze, got my steak, got what appears to be Rocky Horror Picture Show, & most importantly, got my whiskey
If these mtoherbuckers ruin Maid Night then imma bust a cap.... a bottle cap.
maid hour is sacred hour, do not defile it
then again, isn't that always the case? it'd be more shocking if things were *right* there lolol
?
Well gtg cyall :(
bye Irish_Pony
Tata Irish_Pony
f
later Irish_Pony
/me dusts chat
:(
11,01Maid Discord will shove a feather duster up your plot if you ruin this again.
Irish_Pony: Have fun and be merry
:'(
eddie izzard
I do enjoy maid hour.
is amazing
Maid_Discord: kinky
Maidwhile is set to ping me after all.
I NEED A HUG AND HAPPINESS!
11,01No. Painful.
/me dusts Om
Ryunosuke: Hush.
:'(
damn i cant think of a good way to make maid fit in my name
stream is still buffering for me...even after restarting :|
/me 11,01hugs Miss_Rainbow
8,6bronystate maid hour, the only maid hour that won't cost you a couple hundred dollars or a possible paternity suit
Maid_Discord: Is it... really... time?
8,6>.>
/me hugs Miss_Rainbow
wrek is dusty
:)
lol
pyromaidboy: Thank you.
/me 11,01washes Wrek|Dusty
11,01There.
/me is jealous of Cypresswolf
Gamer_Luna: I have to go...but I will see you soon <3
whoa
this is boreing to watch
/me dusts Maid_Discord s duster
/me dusts Miss_Rainbow
<3 TO MAID_DISCORD
05Miss_Rainbow: jsut behave in chat, think before you speak, read the rules and you'll see youll have a much better time here :) oh and no allcaps
I've been waiting for this! :)
all i hear is the laugh track
05Derpyty: deal with it.
:) Kandarihu|H8s2Clean, you can have a piece, all you have to do is reach through the screen
Irish_Pony: I'll miss you honey :(
/me dusts Maid_Discord.
/me inspects Wrek|Dusty and pronounces him clean
05RoboGerbil: no laugh track silly
/me 11,01dusts Maidwhile
Well. Okay. I think that was wrong-headed of me.
Wrek|Dusty: ok thanks
/me brings the Super Speedy Duster Buster 3000 out.
hooray!
/me kisses Gamer_Luna "Ill miss you too...:("
/me dusts Pinkies4thMaid
lol
bye!
/me duster busters the chat.
Wrek|Dusty: but will you forgive me
red words yay
I think I'll abstain from maid hour. Just to be safe.
lol
?
Irish_Pony: See you tomoorow maybe?
Where's Pinkie Pie's 4th wall powers when you need them? :D
Thank you pyromaidboy
05nothign to forgive
First battalion transvestite brigade is best brigade.
Cypresswolf: I'm here
13Maidwhile: airborne wing don't forget
Wrek|Dusty: what do you mean?
/me turns Om into a maid
ture lmfao
true*
Shizuka: Thanks. :3
11,01pyromaidboy: don't.
I was surprised.
13parachuting into dangerous areas with FANTASTIC makeup :3
FANTASTIC.
pyromaidboy: don't force others to be maids it
Stuff like this tends to me tweak me into a mental state that neither I nor anyone else would like me to be in.
05hm?
s mean*
how do you do stuff on the chat like Miss
EXECUTIVE TRANSVESTITE
lol
:) Alright - O_O wait...is it wrong to hand a slab of cow meat to a pony?
lol
/me mops Kandarihu|H8s2Clean
towmow means the day afthet this day
:D
I'm on the verge of being banned from this site on my own end over here, though
how do you do stuff on the chat like Miss_Rainbow lols
05Kandarihu|H8s2Clean: jsut casue you complain so much. you could loosen up a bit
00,10Maids everywhere, wasteing no time I see
This guy is epic
/me hands Kandarihu|H8s2Clean a joint, swedish blend
11,01Nope.
/me dusts Sumica.
Miss_Rainbow: /me lols
/me dusts Sumica
Kandarihu|H8s2Clean: i understand hateing to clean but do you mind if i dust you?
oh ok
Kandarihu|H8s2Clean why is it you go on about that and how you are in a mood because of the stream content but I have never ever seen anyone care?
Sumica: The chat has gotten so filthy...
with all these maids, to think something might get cleaned
/me hoovers chat.
00,10well make sure you behave
11,01Please behave.
/me thanks pinkies4thmaid
/me behaves
05look, you're british. so scale it down a bit.
Aye, sirs! *salutes*
Just because nobody cares, if I were silent about this, would be homophobia in the truist sense.
Space astronaut? Are there other kinds?
http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lyh2prUBnh1ro8wlko1_400.jpg
11,01Maids are for cleaning and looking pretty. Nothing else.
lol
/me lols
Dat art gallery.
/me looks pretty
Maid_Discord here for ya http://derpy.me/DvGeC
/me cleans chat whilst looking handsome, as Pinkies4thMaid is male
i dont get the show :[
To the library!
what is he saying?
Pinkies4thMaid: males can look pretty
you know what they call a male maid... a janitor
Twilight approves.
And yet I'm not not directly complaining about this, so I really am homophobic about this. Because I'm afraid of being judged for not approving of this.
/me dusts all the books
RoboGerbil: not nessecarily
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lx94t1fEBo1r2fvq6o1_500.png
lol
crazy eddie .-.
DeathMaid: how? 6_9
11,01A male maid in a maid outfit is still a maid.
Totaly going to be a janator for maid hour now
/me asks what is this show about?
So does this mean that Scootaloo is Lyra's daughter?
0,14>maids in chat
?
Pinkies4thMaid: it's hard to explain to a male... but it dose work
After some consideration - given that Pinkie Pie is friends with some cows, donkeys, griffons, and everypony - giving Pinkie Pie meat of any kind might freak her out...she may have know this cow O_o
0,14do I have to show everyone
Dem jump suits are classy
0,14just who
Cause that's what I got out of that.
/me hands Om a mop and bucket.
SaxyPretender: DO IT
Flannity Flan.
Just saw the news, I know what I am using for E3
0,14was the original stream cleaner?
THE OG CLEANER RIGHT HERE
GilDash|Maid: Thanks you
0,14MY MOP
05RISK IS BEST BOARDGAME
/me mops SaxyJanitor.
FUCK YO MAIDS
>_< Darn You Brain!!!
i like this name .-.
0,14IS READY
Cypresswolf: that's why she sticks to hot dog contests. No chance of any real meat there
/me tidies SaxyJanitor
Om: Get mopping.
brb dinner lol
/) Wrek|Dusty
11,01I've only played Risk a few times.
/me mops the entire chat
0,14oh God, Risk
0,14the game that never ends
/me cleans up the Risk board.
/me whistles and mops LIke a BawS!
0,14and kills friendships
:)
8,6hehe
In a ditch, covered in petrol on fire.
TELL ME :[
/me stears in aww at SaxyJanitor amazing cleaninf powers
05to spread the workload
:D Can't argue with that logic
0,14those are for the side rooms open during the BMN, Miss_Rainbow
/me gives everymaid a ShamWOWO
*wow
SaxyJanitor: That's mario Party.
Miss_Rainbow: Go on during a pony episode and you will know
11,01I should get Lux so we can play Risk.
0,14no, mario Party ends
11,01In chat.
0,14Risk doesn't
Miss_Rainbow: side rooms. They are only open during BMN and live streams of new episodes. They are only mandatory for new episodes.
^
0,14but yeah
mario party is like Discord corruption, in video game form
SaxyJanitor: know what else never ends?
0,14my mop fu > all the dusters in the world
/me dusts SaxyJanitor.
/me 11,01dusts SaxyJanitor
11,01No.
0,14what, Pinkies4thMaid?
SaxyJanitor: I say Risk ends when the table is eventually flipped over.
:V
When I was in gradeschool, I was friends with the janitor
No one uses the side chats during the movies
so when its movie night with my little pony each room has the pony's self episode on the stream?
Capital conquests with choppers only.
lol
/me 11,01dusts Derpy_Hooves
SaxyJanitor: Capital conquests with choppers only.
right
0,14...oh God, that really would never end @_@
ahem
11,01Death death death
?
mentlegen
Miss_Rainbow: No, each room has the same stream. They're just different chat channels, for people who don't like the crowding of the main channel.
Maid_Discord: yesh ^-^
where is Risk: Equestria Edition ?
How dang, looks like I'm booked
oh ok
0,14...
0,14TheGreatAndPowerfulT, FUND IT
Am I a bad person for never hearing of Risk?
Got death all eavening.
11,01I could mod Lux to use a map of Equestria.
Maidwhile: No, you're just a bad person in general. :p
11,01I made a custom map of my home state once.
Maidwhile: nah your never a bad person ^-^
Maidwhile: no i have not heard of risk? :O
0,14Maidwhile is a cool bro who doesn't afraid of anything
^
hi
SaxyJanitor oh i will.. wait no money.. to bad maybe another day :p
Fuck yo insults
/me noms CeilingKirz
Om-Janitor: ;) not all evening
:3
GilDash|Maid: lol
/me dusts FillyMaid http://lustrousrealm.files.wordpress.com/2007/12/lucky-star-maids.jpg?w=480
/me dusts Midnight_Tempest s head "hello there"
DeathMaid: Right, gota clean at 8. Ya know moppin
/me is dusted.
youtube.com
I think I've been talking about ponies too much on Facebook. my friends are calling me a baby.
DeathMaid: oh noes! a maid! of death!
is the place for me ol
hjdnhydrdtybnsbgtskcryfbucrketucrh
lol sorry
/me supports this stream. /) Wrek|Dusty
05Miss_Rainbow: dont do that
DeathMaid: not sure if death's maid or a death maid
05you said you'd behave
05thats not behaving
Midnight_Tempest: ^-^ oh you
05why did you do that?
:(
sorry
*sigh* all I'd like to do is increase awareness.
oh gog
05dont be sorry, explain yourself
btw, what's on? British humor?
11,01Miss_Rainbow: is best rainbow.
cachimaid01: I'm only deaths maid on weekends ^-^
0,14well, folks, I'm off for today
Zune?
bye SaxyPretender
00,10night SaxyPretender
/me hugs SaxyPretender
0,14have a good night, and -I heard Zune
DeathMaid: lo
11,01Later SaxyPretender
l
bye SaxyPretender! *hugs*
/me dusts Midnight_Tempest http://seemslegit.com/_images/3ec83a2ab097aeb8dc337f3629500fd3/2367%20-%20anime%20maids%20necessity.jpg
night SaxyPretender.
/me sweeps SaxyPretender out of chat.
/me hugs erryone
Bye SaxyPretender.
Night SaxyPretender
Can someone answer my question? What's on?
11,01pyromaidboy: stop the /me links.
Wrek|Dusty: well something fell on my keyboard
Wood_feels_down: Eddie Izzard. NO idea if that's spelled right.
0,14but yeah, have a good night and enjoy the stream
"A bit cold"
Fillymaid: believe it is. I've never seen him before. He any good?
Hello everypony.
HAh.
ah, General Winter
Let's invade Russia
mitamaking: Waaaay to cold.
Whats this guys name?
FillyMaid: It is.
http://derpy.me/hdqY2
Wood_feels_down: Neither have I, but from this it seems so. :)
Wood_feels_down: Watch the stream and find out. :D
ok. but the stream keeps crashing
I must know this guys name
Eddie Izzard
/me sweeps up the lurkers into a pile.
thank you
hmmm, he might have something there
/me wheels a trash can over to GilDash|Maid
/me organizes the lurkers
Eddie Izzard was in across the universe ^-^
/me mops RustyMeat
Om-Janitor: Now, that's teamwork. :)
This guy is funny.
Oh lordy
GilDash|Maid: And you are welcome.
hahahaha
/me sweeps lurkers into trash can.
Strategic sheep.
Those are the best kind
there a reason he in a dress?
He's an Executive Transvestite.
Dken2021_: to make you ask
travestis are weird :l
huh
Maidwhile: we know all about strategic sheep in new zealand
/me mops up the remainder of the lurkers
Om-Janitor: Cart them away, would you? :)
/me dusts Dken2021_
GilDash|Maid: Oookay.
DeathMaid: We must compare sheep strategy sometimes.
gtg, later bronystate
oh no, I'm missing on some excellent maid hour am I?
/me carts the full lurkcan away
/me pops up out of the lurker pile and glomps Shizuka
Tata StupidSexyMaid
/me that winter...
8,6Glomp pile on Shizuka!
/me glomps Shizuka.
Meanwhile: nice
/me glomps Shizuka
/me hugs Shizuka politely
/me glomps Shizuka.
/me joins the glomp pile of Shizuka
/me saves Shizuka from the glomp pile by acting liek a wall
/me glomps Shizuka
/me dusts the glomp pile.
/me glomps Wrek|Dusty
/me breaks down that Wrek
/me dusts FillyMaid s duster
I was dead at the time
/me spritses the Shizuka glomp pile
/me gives Wrek|Dusty a medal for bravery
My internet's been dissing me lately.
/me wonders why is everyone /me
11,01Hi Shizuka
clever excuse
DeathMaid: That sounds like a weird art adaptation of Inception,
I don't know why, videos aren't streaming right. Shame. Real shame.
FillyMaid: ^_^ eeyup
Wood_feels_down: There is a video
I know
nice evildead ref http://derpy.me/EFVVl
choosing not to play because it chooses to buffer all the time.
So that's who goes to level 9.
Britain is best maid.
Hidden Palace Zone's music is so beautiful. Just...awesome.
/me dusts Maid_Discord
Im jealous of that henge
True fact, Stone Henge is a lot of dumb rocks.
Wtf did i just return to!?!?! :D
/me 11,01dusts pyromaidboy
/me dusts Stonehenge.
Salisbury is a lot of dumb rocks as well >_>
/me vaccuums the stream
Been there. Wasn't all that impressed really
my cat stole my blanket!
fact: Tom used to be part of stone henge
who is this???
Maid_Discord: Maid hour is back!?! :o
[Dashie]: eddie izzard
DeathMaid: Crafty things arent they
RaveMaid: indeed it is!!
thx
RaveMaid: but try not to rp
Buck YEah!!
Om-Janitor: ikr?
/me mops chat
/me is wet.
DJ AD.
/me cleans all the stuffs! :[
DeathMaid: Very! Had a cat that would push my pillows of the top of my old bunk bed
mmm Aero~
/me gives RaveMaid a shamwow
/me snuggles and noms oreos
/me cleans Pinkies4thMaid with the shamwow
Ok, so.....what is this? :D
Om-Janitor: My friend had a cat that would, *without fail*, always be stuck behind the pull-down ironing board. There was *NO WAY* in it. :D
anyone have a storm? :(
Ooh burn
GilDash|Maid: Lol, cats are silly.
Jeff, god of biscuits.
Jeff is best god?
/me vacuums Litwick
/me cleans GilDash|Maid's friend's cat
/me starts the Third Reform Church of Jeff
The god of running around and jumping and stuff.
lol
:D
Geoff or Jeff?
Jeff.
God of biscuits.
Om-Janitor: eeyup ^-^
Om-Janitor: Yeah, they're mental. :D
11,01RaveMaid: It's back.
Really interesting guy for emporer!!
Jeff. That Geoff is a false idol!
11,01^.^
Maid_Discord: Yay!! :3
Dat Cathol.
nugget biscuit
/me vacuums chat
nugget in a biscuit
Henry the 8th, quite the story
/me cleans biscuit
I <3 kittehs
Pinkies4thMaid: To be honest, I'm surprised we never found that cat in the vacuum. :D
Ya Mormon.
7th wife made out of jam? :D
Saint Bastard...haha :D
/me uses a dyson digital slim to clean Maid_Discord
/me dusts nugget in a biscuit
lolz
The gospel under saint bastard states that it's ok to shut down a game console if you're losing.
King Henry VIII was strangely obsessed with jars of jelly...
ZappyTheUnicorn: Hugh jelly?
11,01Pinkies4thMaid: Feels good.
/me likes dyson
11,02i liek the Wii U :3c
I liek the Wii U too
/me vacumms Pinkies4thMaid with a Dyson.
:3
/me 11,01dusts SuperBrony64
I liek the Wii U Moar :3
11,02:3
I hate the Wii U.
SuperBrony64: The what? O_o
/me is dusted O.O
You would SuperBrony I mean look at your number, unless you were boring in 64
/me mops the Wii U
I hate Nintendo in general.
*born, wow
/me dusts on SuperBrony64 s head
/me Pledges SuperBrony64
11,02Meanwhile: But...but... ;~;
I hate the Elements Of Harmony *garbage*
But what?
Om-Janitor: Don't mop it! You'll break it! :S
GilDash|Maid: Don't be silly.
11,01I'll give Nintendo a chance. Sony and Microsoft can suck a long one.
/me picks up DeathMaid and gives her a hug "Hai :D You're a maid :3"
I hate kids with funny accents.
11,01I'll probably be PC gaming next gen.
/me hates hate
/me hugs SuperBrony64 back "yes I am ^-^ do you wanna be one too?"
Maid_Discord: A long duster...right?
11,01Pinkies4thMaid: You win life.
GilDash|Maid: Its dry moping tecnique
You want to know how you can hide one's skill on an online gaming service? Turn it off every time you WIN
Maid_Discord: You win win
I'm not judging until i see consoles, exclusives, and prices
Maid_Discord: =D
/me "I hate dust." dusts dust
11,02DeathMaid: Okie :3
/me puts on a maid outfit
/me cleans the chat window
Maid_Discord: i enjoy life, as i enjoy thinking of poniez, which i liek
Dat singing.
Only accept your victory when something important rides on it.
Om-Janitor: That's sweeping, you muppet. :D
Is there such a thing even? Like a... Maid grid?
blah, too long
GilDash|Maid: Dry moping!
Analogue sticks instead of circle pads, Black console, Xbox controller ripoff, promising Online. Wii U is nifty.
I love how in defense of hating the show, my friends are using the Rule 34 excuse. That's...pretty sad.
11,01hen3ry looks great in a dress.
God who is James Mason is disappoint in your singing.
I guess you can't have too many maids.
/me dusts EVERYONE!
/me noms on ShamWOW
I can't help but think that those controlers are going to be REALLY expensive.
