/me hugs scoots
Good Night Scoot-Scootaloo! on't let NMM or Molestia bit@
6animation?
bye Scoot-Scootaloo
whats gonna happen next? pmvs? firefly? zod?
02yep
6what of it
night
Goodbye Scoot-Scootaloo, (brohoof)
well, gaming in general
03but while you're here, I burned you that Song of the South bootleg
Hope I did not make everypony in the chat awkward during that reading.LD
03:P
6I see a bunch about programming
here imma be back soon. imma switch to my ipad
:D
I happen next
6not animation
:D
6oh thanks drf
03just ignore him
03:P
artists, programming, salaries/pay
02animation can get you a job in the gaming industry if someone wants to do that
For 15 cents a day you can feed a african. They eat pennies
6I told my friend about it, he's like "dude we're watching that when you get it"
lol
:D
6so yep
.....
02that's all I said
HeroBrine_theBrone: lol
that's not funny
6uh
shes aiming for dreamworks iirc
HeroBrine_theBrone: Hahaha:D
6"can get you"
banana power!
6HA
:D
...well
03when all you're actually hurting is the CEOs and such
clever brony....
6the video game industry is the hardest field to get into
03as the programmers and artists are already paid in advance before the games come out
03XD
Taste the Rainbow
03and heck
02that's why I said can
MUTHABUCKA
for indie devs tat might work differently
lol
03you know how Sony is one of the most obnoxious companies about anti-piracy?
Aww yeah, lick it too.
We need Android Poni
no STEREAM?
6sure
ubisoftt
03The fact that some high-up at Sony admitted that they make money from people buying PSPs just to hack them and pirate games (as I did)
NO THAT JOKE IS OLD
let the links flow in
videofreak1127: Yes it is :P
/me licks TheRainbowDash
03definitely proves my point
does anyone remember Code Lyoko from a long time ago
03:P
Not yet. Hold your horses.
heres my favorite part of the stream
TheRainbowDash: The parts that you played in the story seemed good :D
ohai CupcakeWarrior *glomps*
Great, everypony thinks Dash(me) is a well, whore..:D
/me is glomped
6oh I remember that
Awww
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh WERE HALF WAY THERE~
02Drf, what happens when sales aren’t good? They start firing people and not hiring new people
I bought a PS3 to copy SACDs ( ¬‿¬)
I've always loved buffering: the animation
03I buy all the Humble Indie Bundles
Guys ! I'm taking on my BIGGEST challenge yet !
13WHOOOOOA
I know.....that story was too awkward.
no stream.......gonna check a random Nostalgia Critic episode
03for that reason
13LIVIN ON A PRAAAAYEEER
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rhf6i5gVPns&feature=related my life
03and I'll buy independent music
hello Shizuka how are you today?
03but if it's a big record label/company? Not bothered
/me is startled by random outbreak of song
Shizuka: Aww yeah!
13doing not so secret things
JUST TAKE MY HAND WE'LL MAKE IT I SWEEEEEEAR
Dark92Enigma : eww why would you do that ?
13i'm seeing if i can make a new intermission for us
:3 Shizuka <3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM3J5B2rVBc&feature=related
O_o
Shizuka: oh? not so secret......I like the sound of that :)
I'm guessing its over?
Shizuka believe it or not, you're walking on air?
it's over
whew
Alister THERE'S no stream <----- at the moment
no stream!
I always used to cry when i laughed and then i was raped by a clown
/me hides
13canary wub wub
PREPARE FOR AWESOMENSS!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ED7OA5ccTOY you can watch fluttershy play amnesia while youre waiting
03but I'm being serious
I'm back!
03there are people who will always buy the physical copoies
13also i believe val is setting up next
Next brony please
03-o
Shizuka: In replace for the Derpy intermission in Movie night, should be a singing session by you mods!:)
0,14so, anyone here like Soundgarden?
I do
And why der no be stream?
6sales aren't good, fire people, less money produced, less sales, repeat cycle
O.o
I DO I DO I DO
02true
03and people who wouldn't ordinarily buy it anyway get to enjoy it
I do
SaxyPretender: Aww yeah!
WELL SON OF A BITCH!
03I see no downside
Don't even THINK about changing Derpy.
6that is a foundation in econimics
GUESS WHAT!?
Sound garden and nirvana
03most games I just refuse to pay for
0,14LEVEL UP
William Shatner is Iron Man
03if I can't pirate it, I won't play it
otakon: Shipping time?
6*economics
Pirate Bay is now BLOCKED by UK ISP's.
03so me pirating it doesn't actulaly hurt them
Bye Scoot-Scootaloo!! Thanks for streaming and reading! :)
Saxy gained +1 saxiness.
Dark92Enigma : But why would you wanna watch the Nostalgia Critic ? It can't possibly be good for your brain
0,14because the new Soundgarden song is amazing
03it just benefits me and that's all
03:P
CCCP: Ponified version :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q8nKEQa_gDs&feature=related
Litwick: But a singing session by the mods would be awesome!
If somepony could just buy me an awesome computer, I could do the stream so we wouldn't have to sit here.
Booo UK
NOPE
6the overlying fact is that pirating will always happen.
03exactly
Don't be like Murrica :(
Hey everypony wanna know something weird?
6the percentage lost in pirating is SO INSIGNIFICANT
http://www.escapistmagazine.com/news/view/117001-Court-Orders-UK-ISPs-to-Block-Pirate-Bay
Alister In your point of view, at least.....
Ur face!
03^
6that all of this is ridiculous
no u
-_-
otakon: lol its about time
Your face.
Gunthler: you win all of my loves
Problem, Biglaw?
6do you actually stop to look at how much money these peple get
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVCFV7jT9ho Almost 3.4 million views everypony!:)
03And instead of fighting piracy, companies need to realize people want stuff for cheaper and actually stop overcharging
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N132JqqWhHo&feature=related O_o
CupcakeWarrior: wait, your supporting it?
Yer FACE!
Lawlz: Well I could chip in, but with some pocket lint and a rusty penny I don't know how far you'd get.
lets play a gAme!
03what's that one guy
Indeed.
03I think it was someone from Valve
Lawlz Yes, your face
Fluttercruel and Gannon!
6well, the price thing is somewhat fine
03who said that it's basically a service industry
Let's play THE GAME.
TheRainbowDash: your famous!!
CCCP: Ponies :D
CCCP I ΓУPΞ﻿ LIҜΞ Д БФSS, УФЦЯ ДЯGЦMΞИΓ IS IИVДLID
My face is best face because my face is every face.
YOU MUST DIE!
Dark92Enigma : It is a scientific fact that watching most of the people on TGWTG or Blistered Thumbs can only make your life worse
6kinda
02[20:07] <Aurora> do you actually stop to look at how much money these peple get <-- yes, and it's a lot
03Give people what they want, rather than making it annoying for people who actually buy software
Dken2021: :o
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMrq4bzYfjA Just pure....awesome...:)
Do amish people blow out light bulbs on their birthday cakes?
03case in point
this game has prizes!
Gunthler: yes
03you buy a game, it says you can only use it on X amoujnt of computers
03you get fed up, pirate the thing instead
03who benefits
Hi everypony!
RUssian users get cheap/free games then IAPs are their revenue
I was totally gonna say something funny... but I lost it
HeroBrine_theBrone no, they don't have lightbulbs
:'(
hi Pinkie_Kittie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *hugs*
Hello Pinkie_Kittie! (waves and hugs0 How are you today?:)
03IAP?
/me glomps Videofreak1127
no streamers?
allo Pinkie_Kittie
02^?
TheRainbowDash It gets 20% cooler every time i see it!
In App Purchase
IN russia, games pirate you
:D
biglaw: or do they.....
03XD
TheRainbowDash: a colt is singing about his husband?O_o
03dude I want to be pirated
Dark92Enigma: Maybe better than the original!'
=/
03I'd love more copies of me floating around
03:D
/me runs
twilight_sprinkle: No, the lyrics are changed to fit it's sutible gender.
twilight_sprinkle : so what ? he can marry anyone he wants
doppelgangers
oshi
03:P
*Hugs CCCP and TheRainbowDash* I'm fine :3
03one of my favorite quotes ever
im thinkin of a number between 1-1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000. what is that number?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lcS_zRr14ic THIS
I just got massive lag, and the video isn't even on.
Goddammit EpicPwnTime
03"Piracy: it's like someone stole your car but it's still there in the morning"
....
1.1
Alister: i wonder if gay marriages are allowed in equaestria
dude if i had copies of myself i'd be bossing myself around
Epicpwmtime: 763.2
lol the colt version is so terrible
Sunshine, Sunshine Gentlemanbugs awake!
and i wouldn't be happy >v>
lol
Pinkie_Kittie: Awesome to hear then! I feel of the best now! (Scoot-Scootaloo read our story[me and BlazeAngel] on the stream, live!)
lol
twilight_sprinkle : We never saw anyone gay so I'll just say idk
03the copies wouldn't be
03but then that's a giant paradox and I don't feel like thinking
Did you see Rainbow?
/me smacks himself in head repeatedly
Well, that means some Tenor has to record a better version!
ALSO! Good News everyone! It looks like we're gonna get a new SHADOWRUN game soon that is TRUE to the source material!
05EpicPwnTime is on 3rd strike
yes, it gets potentially mindfcku
STILL CAN'T REMEMBER!
:'(
LadyCanary: how has ur day been?
Oh, hey Wrek.
0,143rd Strike? I love that game!
GOOD NEWS EVERYONE. Crysis 3 is announced
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wi8GIgS3RuI For your Guitar Hero and pony lovers!:)
CCCP: Uneventful.
:D Wreky!!!!
LadyCanary: same
hope its more open than crysis 2
Do I get a kick for being mad that you aren't streaming?
05LadyCanary!!!
/me f2k Vienna Symphony Orchestra - Allegro - Concerto in F für Klavier und Orchester, George Gershwin (1898 - 1937) (6chFLAC@3832kbps/13:43)
^_^
LadyCanary: How is your new date?
05yes Lawlz.
how can i do that
Fo serious?
05of course
Fo sho
Old peoples skin sags because its being pulled towards the under-world
Lawlz just don't be rude and be patient
KJbrony: basically the setting is in a jungle ruins of NYC.. so the chances of it being open world seems pretty huge
Into you
11,01LadyCanary is very huggable.
05we arent even obliged to stream outside movie night
Into you. oh dammit..
Quite lovely, CupcakeWarrior. We played some Half Life 2 at my place. TWAS EPIC.
05be glad that we do that
05isntead of beign an entitled bitch
awesome
Digitalis: Lol
Aww yeah LadyCanary! You just missed a story of mine and BlazeAngel's on the stream by Scoot-Scootaloo!:O
Любое пони России?
Language.
....Shush you, silly filly Nittany D:
Guys (and LadyCanaray) ! I am taking on my biggest challenge yet ! failure will probably teasted many time before sweet victory !
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5NNkyDt65w awesome =D
11,01Thanks.
11,01I think
life is like a potato potatos are not fruit, and life is not fruit.
Freedom of expression, and I have no idea when the stream times are.
tik tok tik tok...
LadyCanary: Is he a brony?
LadyCanary: Nice! I just got dumped, myself -_- (Epic Fail)
Sweeeeeeeet sweeeeeet sweeet victory, Alister?
02The only time I’m okay with piracy is if I’ve already bought a previous version of it before
11,01Thrackerzod: I can't understand you with that thick communist accent of yours.
SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET
02like with MS word 2007
and it's alllllll for the taking
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opU5L1tQ-tE
Im sorry to hear that Randomnerd.
stream times happen randomly, so be patient and just wait
In soviat russia ponys watch you
lol
Besides, I have no idea when I was being rude.
05Lawlz: there are no stream times except for BMN on the weekends
Explain?
05anything else
CupcakeWarrior: ....Well........
It's okay, LadyCanary, it wasn't working out.
random streaming ftw
05is jsut us being nice
It's time to rap this up...We gettin' 20% cooler!
sorry to hear that Randomnerd, ok?
Ok...
6I really don't care one way or another about the topic lol
02I already had 2003 and paid for it so XD
So explain how I was being rude?
Wrek: hmm
oops...meant wrap
Wrek: WE STREAM WHAT WE WANT
6I generally don't pirate things, outside of music
6but i will
i've bought MS office 1997, i can pirate MS office 2010 right?
Теперь расизм начинается ...
:P
I'm okay, Dken2021, it wasn't working out
CupcakeWarrior: He is not a brony.
02I would
:(
03I gave you a legit serial
Bangkok, Oriental setting And the city don't know what the city is getting
stream anything but this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N132JqqWhHo&feature=related
Three yaks and a dog?
I am officialy going for the No-Alert achievement in Deus Ex : Human Revolution on the ''Give me Deus Ex difficulty''
Thrackerzod: I'm sorry sir, what was that?
But its okay. He respects my wishes ^_^
02true, so yay :D
Suuuuuusan?
You don't have it yet Alister?
03that's the funny thing about software
03it's essentially worth nothing
0,14Keep it in English, please, Thrackerzod
"Oh, now you're doing it on purpose"
03how much does a 25-digit serial number cost? Like nothing
its legit, but against the EULA
CCCP: Do not want.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GggY4TEYbk&feature=related almost forgot my daily watch
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2wFCwuTiwAo Rainbow Dash Fightiing is Magic Theme! (sadly, only a clip):)
CCCP: You do realize they're considering playing now, right? :)
03yeah screw the EULA
LadyCanary: how are you today dear?
pony_300: lol
03it says it's legit for personal use
03didn't say who
Lawlz demanding a stream. remember, they just do this whenever thety feel like it, they don't have to stream every weekday
03:P
therefore, unethical or illegal
SaxyPretender: lol he's thrackerzod
Lawlz : No cuz my other game took long I did pacifist with every secondary missions
03dude how is it unethical
I never demanded a stream.
Cypresswolf: oh noes WHAT HAS I DONE! D:
03I'm not going to use all 30 serials myself
otakon: Hey how are you?
Randomnerd: okay, still no job but okay
there is ONE 10 hour challenge
11,01Maid hour is over, but I don't want to quit.
Lawlz : nope you got it all worng ''I never asked for this''
that i managed to beat
Seriously peeps, don't imply things.
otakon: Alright. Content.
cause its so catchy
o hey otakon
Yo no hablo ingles
05elementary: you said "Lawlz> Do I get a kick for being mad that you aren't streaming?" which imlies frustration that there is no stream during unscheduled time. makign you come off as you expect us to stream off the planned schedule. which we only do cause we like to stream you guys stuff. but when people come in and act like "OMG NO STREAMWTF" entitled dickwads.
So funny thing... my Computer is new and is a extreme gaming computer, but when i get on crysis my game crashes in minutes... =/
Chat is awesome! Stream is just gravy!
well, i certainly wouldn't use one of your 'legit' serials for my clients, because i'm making money off dodgy stuff.
Maid_Discord: You really should.
13wrek is reading my mind
05the lust to stream unscheduled content greatly diminish
Maid_Discord: it's quitting time. TAKE OFF THE UNIFORM.
Wrek: TL;DR
yay hearts and hooves day
COLORS!!!
11,01Fine.
Thrackerzod: lol amigo debes aprnder pa chatear aqui es una regla
6pirating for money
the sudden textwall of ANGRY RED TEXT
Wrek is gonna bring out his banhammer :s
6that's what I don't agree with
03same
there is ONE 10 hour challenge that i managed to beat cause the song was so catchy is a weird way
03that's commercial piracy
02EW pirating for money
Thrackerzod: me no habla spreckon con gelos.....ugh I'm no good at spanish...
Maid_Discord: Mmm a man in Uniform?
Gunthler: Wrek is THE BANHAMMER!
03which is why I refuse to accept money for stuff that I burn
05i call it calm and contained otakon.
Gunthler: not on me! I don't get pissy when there is no stream, I just lament.
11,01Yep.
6it's not lol.
MahBoi777: lol what were u supposed to say?
Wrek does not wield the Banhammar.
03exactly
03I'm not selling them
6you gave me a full copy of WinXP lol
Wrek IS THE BANHAMMAR
Oh yes he does.
03I give Microsoft software out to anyone
11,01I'm debating taking Maid Discord a step further, but only for charity.
PonySwagg: So true.
03since I can get crap tons of serials
Thrackerzod: what racism?
Wrek: THAT was calm? .............well I guess the always red text kind of lends to you always seemingly angry. Also, how are you today?
11,01And I mean /only/ for charity.
Nittany_Discord: Wait, what is that step now?
Wrek's text is made out of blood
03technically they're supposed to be "for personal use only" but I'm seriously not going to use all those by mysel.f
Do you accept donations?
CupcakeWarrior: BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD!
And tears of fear.
05of blood and the salty tears of haters
03eh
CupcakeWarrior: possible.
03sketchy :P
Two things, I didn't know there was a time you DON'T stream, and the second thing being that given that there is a freedom of expression, it can only be taken as either irony or sarcasm by anyone who studies U.S. history.
CupcakeWarrior the blood of his victims?
05now, does that clear it up Lawlz?
cachi01: lol someone was speakin different languages
otakon: here'sm some Lament for ya :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oSLvjfrxynA
otakon: LOOT FOR THE LOOT THRONE
But sometimes you can taste the wub :3
Dken2021: DEFINITELY the blood of his victims
what do you want to do tonight? remember-I have the chat logs.
wub is best invention
The banhammer has claimed many victims
Hahaha, i saw Wrek make a text wall, so i whiched to another tab in fear :D but then i read it and was informed on a rude pony :|
/me offers drf $9000
02sketchy, right? :D
*Switched
Hello, world. Again.
Not so much, because now I feel the need to defend myself because you implied that I was being a dick.
03This song is actually legit
/me 06is listening to 03»» 022 Unlimited - No limit (Hits unlimited (1995)) 03«» 0202:33/03:34 [202,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|02,02|303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 02924 kbps flac - 24.5MB (WinAmp) 03««
inb4 hidamari sketch
11,01A step further, make a guess.
03o/` no limits, we do what we want and we do it with pride o/`
Hey gais
Vinyl Scratch has best dishwasher.
03that's basically my motto now xD
Nittany_Discord: Go for it! :P
It cleans with wubs.
hello icybeauti
Nittany_Discord: you parade about in a maids uniform for charity
Hello everypony....what I miss?
05i imply everyone is a dick untill proved otehrwise
Lawlz: Freedom of expression aside, that is not the law on Bronystate -think of it as a social club, there are rules you have to adhere to to be a member
05its my motto of life
hello YamaTHou
you cant touch this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46PXaJxzuDE
PonySwagg: at a microscopic level.
1,3epic tank evade :3
Hello MaiBoi777
kirzstryfe: O U
Wrek: So... For you, everyone is guilty until proven innocent?
kirzstryfe master runner
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prmx0lYBTko RTAA :3
11,01kirzstryfe: Add me if a slot comes up.
Wrek: AKA Guilty until proven Innocent XD
G'night everypony, going to bed
Nittany_Discord: Umm, Insane Discord? (he gets insane from too much cleaning)?:P
Lawlz : You can't win against mods. I learned it the hard way. By that I mean you can be as right as you want they don't care
guilty
you call everyone a...dick...wha?
lol xD
Nittany_Discord: we just finished :(
night Jim
PonySwagg: sounds about right
Bye, Jim
gnight Jim! sleep well
nught Jim
bye Jim
bai Jimbo
night*
Night Jim
cya Jim
bye Jim
0,14later Jim
wubwubwb <3
Bye Jim! kisses you)
Bye Jim!
Night whomever you are.
Wow, dat dinglage.
Decent stance to take, if a bit aggressive
Hmmm Jim Never sleep at home....
Cya Jim!
good morning
Flare is back.
Flare. Is. Back.
mornin somepony_else
@Wrek : You're the guy who does drawing ? aren't you ?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: You make me sound like a slut
O hey its Val
gawd
Hey, FlareChaser
wb FlareChaser
2,14 lies
hiya FlareChaser how are you?
i haven't opend A3 in ages
FlareChaser: FLARE! IS! BACK! *Spartakick.*
Hi, ValtheJean
Thank you... :|
gotta go to cracked! bye everypony!
Hey FlareChaser @/)
hello ValtheJean how are you?
Jim is awesome pony :) so he gets wots of wub :)
Jim lol not my intention
^^
Bye EpicPwnTime
FlareChaser wb
2,14 good, how about you?
03inb4 you forget how to use it
bai
0,14dat Val
So much wub...
Wb FlareChaser :)
Ty all that pinged me :|
02tbh, piracy would probably hurt someone the most if was an android game or something they made by themselves
Alright, will need to go too everypony. Thanks again for Scoot-Scootaloo to read my story/BlazeAngel's on the stream! Had a great time with you ponies! Time to head on out, and see you guys tommorow!:)
03exactly
ohai ValtheJean
I am currently listening to Super Ponybeat. I have no regrets.
03which is why I don't pirate most Android apps
0,14;ter TheRainbowDash
bye TheRainbowDash
Bye bye TheRainbowDash
Bye, TheRainbowDash
Next time, we eat cookies!
Bye, TheRainbowDash!
03I'll give Android IRC to people since most people are cheap and won't pay for anything
Bye TheRainbowDash! *Hugs*
bye TheRainbowDash!
night TheRainbowDash
byeeee TheRainbowDash *hugs* I wub u <3
Randomnerd, the freedom of expresion is the right to express ourself as seen fit on any form of medium as long as nobody is hurt. And Alister, I'm well aware that most mods will sooner slam the ban button before accepting anything besides themselves as close to correct in the slightest, but Wrex at least didn't kick me immediatly on a miscommunication, which is more than I can say for most admins.
03but ordinarily not
/me hugs TheRawDash
Even though I have no idea who you are.
^^^^
Bye everypony, I will be back... - Arnold:D
02yeah
I just wanna share a fanfic a just read....https://docs.google.com/document/d/1iGSPyFGJU2JVawYpyIqTpjqTXvso7srx0D154k30ZGs/edit?pli=1
EpicPwnTime: Next time, we eat Rainbow Dash's mane.
Everyone start demanding ponies so we can see our G3 overlords
who the heck pinged me ?
...NO.
Lawlz: TL;DR
Wrek: tell me, if you consider everyone a dick, what do you consider yourself? just curious, for purposes of objectivity you would have to consider yourself a dick as well.
nah
cuz i
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Please no ;3;
03Like I said
LadyCanary kay
I love being objective. ^_^
'm looking at a pan and phase spectrum
03I buy the Humble Indie Bundles for a reason
which A4 doesn't have
CCCP: And ok, then, uncalled for...:D
Too lazy to demand stuff..Just play some south park or family guy
03doesn't CS6 have a newer Audition?
^demand
yes
05All in all, anyone that goes "wtf where is my stream" deserves a shoe up the arse. (emphasis on the "my" ) Lawlz you havent done anythign wrong, just keep in mind that, and this goes to everyone. keep in mind that we stream when we can and want. and to start demanding that is simply rude.
TheRainbowDash: what?
ಠ_ಠ7
prolly doesn't have it
brb
03is it like A4.5?
but has a pitch display
Nevermind that...:D
03pitch display?
Wrek: Good thing many of us never say that.
TheRainbowDash: no tell me
Eeeppp....Screw demanding...
But, the thing is, I never demanded the stream. -_-
Bye!:D
Lawlz : Objectivity does not exist among humans. It is possible to consider the side of others but true Objectivity is a dream
like for vocals - manual pitch correction?
That was weird, it never said that before
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
so... Stream?
Was I banned?
the enemy haz our objective
usually I ask what happened with the stream, but I don't demand it
/me huds TheRainbowDash bye
-UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCC
Alister: so? that doesnt mean we shouldnt try to be objectiv
demands are bad Mmmk
03but can it detect what note is being played at a given point in a song?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKZ4Lv0kujQ&feature=plcp Have some awesome music :)
I never demand, its just disrespectful. My mom taught me better than that
Still not as bad as when stream goes out b4 an episode,,,
hugs*
0,14doesn't seem like it, cutenesskitteh2
Awesome Gunthler! Thanks!
possibly, if it's isolated vocals
That does suck.
SaxyPretender: I hope not...
Next time, we eat Celestia. And Luna. And Cadence.
demanding only brings horror, oh teh horror
I think I should be an admin because power abuse is fun.
twilight_sprinkle : I was saying that because SOMEONE tought he was being objective
03what about an instrumental?>
izotope, autotune, and melodyne have done that for ages
Did I miss the you-know-what?
what about an instrumental?> < what about it?
dat kick
PonySwagg: And east some Time Lord
Woooo No school tomorrow.... the sad moment when i realize i don't have anything better to do than school right now
HA
WOW that was nuts
Admin abuse.
03can it find the pitch of an instrumental
The you-know-what?
who got kicked ?
firefox crashed on me
CCCP: Why must you rage and question TheRainbowDash? That silly filly is just her..:P
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Lucky!
Alister: I was the one who started about objectivity. i said that Wrek shoul consider himself a dick as well if he considers everyone to be a dick, for purposes of objectivity.
how many instruments are in the instrumental?
a kick in tha head?
power abuse is always fun
Just finished the fifth book in Harry Potter
Hmm...
HEY GAIZ
03no idea.
Power abuse is best abuse
03things like dance music
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeOYJO-jFGs No streaming so here's some Yaplap
Make up an Epic Poni Time "next time"
03with computerized beats
So I finsihed the first part of my story. Where should I post it?
hey PonySwagg
0,14Power abuse causes the electric bill to go up
Hello PonySwagg! (waves and hugs) How are you today?:)
Ah, yaplap.
And this is why having... *counts* Eleven admins in one chatroom is a bad plan.
I'm going to go, I'll most likely be back sometime in the middle of night - gonna play some fallout :)
bye cachi01! take care
Bye cachi01!!
hehe...
I am Bored now, what to do...
.....Goddammit Saxy >___<
you mean like transcribing a polyphonic mp3 to midi?
twilight_sprinkle : I was taling about lawlz
Bye cachi01
Bye, cachi.
Wow./
Hey, can you guys put 'em away? This is beyond silly, now.
I need some help with desktop images
SaxyPretender: tru dat
03maybe?
0,14later cachi01
Who's streaming next?
Alister: he simply replied to me
damn electricity
05also twilight_sprinkle: the point was that if a guy walks up to me i will asume him to be a stupid douche. but i will still trat him with mutual human respect. if my assumption was correct i give up the act and tell it to him straight " your attidue sux get out." but if he tursn out to be a nice guy sure. he's a nice guy. for msyelf i alreayd know im a douchebag most of the time.
but like some guy said "with great potatoes comes great responsibility"
melodyne and <censored>
Dat red wall
what was the name of it?
/me facehooves hard.
I thinl
The more admins you have, the more corrupt the average is.
Oi, where is a good place to post stories?
05oh jolly look at me being all chatty at 4:30am. :|
:D Val stream!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
oh yeah
1,3I see that r63 pony on the stream again
OH FUCK THAT SCARED ME
Suddenly
Yay!
Thanks @Wrek.
Take ShaWoddyWoddy of TF2, for example.
Boo ponies
its Val <3
melodyne and widi can do it, but the results are eh
Epic Silence in the Chatroom
PLEASE DON'T INVOLVE IN YOUR DEBATE ! PLEASE !
JK
I need some help with downloading desktop images from Deiant Art
Wrek: you assume people are douchebags too? We have that in common.
yay caramel on the stream ~
Wrek: At least you're honest.
Now we got some streaming
Da fuck is this?
Debates....-spike no-
Caramel spotted.
03I was asking about A4.5
human best job.
no
Aww yeah!
I was in another window, and then suddenly GUITAR BLAST BRO
yesyeysyesyeys
Next time, we eat magic.
btw it's A5 in CS6
Can someone tell me if I missed the outbreak?
no .5
Give me some warning so I can turn off my science.
Litwick: thats why im back :P
*cough*
/me wubs everypony <3
05typical thigns to avoid: <Lawlz> Da fuck is this? #1
03EW VERSION WHORING
Wrek, its okay, I think your a good mod :)
Also, a word of warning to all: If there arent ponies on the stream, and VAL is streaming...DO NOT COMPLAIN FOR THEM TO BE ON THE STREAM.
2,14 but that wouldn't be funny to me :P
ValtheJean: so good stuff for us tonight?
who is the streamer right now
Next time we drink Cider.
Pinkie is cuter than Fluttershy imo
?
/me Doesn't like people, at all.
Hey
YamaTHou: it's ValtheJean
I can I get some help?
Wrek: a predictable response. if you consider yourslef a douchebag, why not change? otherwise its an incensere statement.
Next time, I eat paper
2,14 I think you will especially like tonight's stream otakon
Where is a good place to post pony fanfics?
And what rule did I break?
LadyCanary: oh gawd no, lol
would you rather everyrthing stay at version 0.9999999999999999999999999?
Nothing can beat fluttershy cuteness
02EW CS6
inb4 yes
oh hey otakon didnt see you earlier
Thats why Im warning everypony MahBoi777
Nittany_Discord: Did I miss an outbreak?
I pretty much hate everyone until I get to know them, only because I could care less about the,.
03no, but I hate when they make an entire full version number without even having a single revision
03like Firefox keeps doing
02I'll be keeping CS5
WE LOVE FLUTTERSHY!
icybeauti not even cute woona?
kenne: my firefox crashe on me
03I have CS5.5 right now
Monfang: Equestria Daily and FIMFiction
*cough*
What about Rainbow Dash why wub woo face?
sunshine sunshine ladybugs awake
I have a feeling people will do it anyways LadyCanary D:
Thanks PonySwagg
Ai in CS6 has something which i've been wanting for aaages :
Dken2021: Nope
version numbers are srsbizzness
Wrek: You don't gotta listen to them, your awesome just the way you are :3
eeeeeyup
Sigh....
ValtheJean: oh really? I look forward to it, I've been away all day.
otakon: and thats why you use chrom
chrome*
:C
gradients on curve that follow a curve (not masked)
MonFang: Start with FIMFiction to get your feet wet.
03yay artificial idiocy
You know today I acted like insane Twilight it school. It was awsome!
me and my constant typos
And because my generation sucks balls, that is why I hate people.
kenne: this is the FIRST time firefox has EVER crashed on me
Can I get some help here?
Im indifferent towards Everyone :D I put you on my level, theeen move the bar depending on attitude
2,14 I figure tonight's stream needs to be especially awesome, since today is my last day before I start work
Most people I know hate me except my squad and my group of friends. Other than that....:P
Wrek: with a mindset of "theyre all stupid douches" you will end up making wrong assumptions that will lead to fights like this
6CS4 was awful
otakon: wheres my pingy noise...
02^
And still, nobody told me what rule I broke.
6people either have CS3 or 5
RAGGLEFRAGGLE!
Val where are you working at?
icybeauti not even this woona? http://derpy.me/0BfPU
Firefox want to move to automatically moving people to the newest version
This leads me to question this strike.
like chrome
RaveBrony: Lol that's not bad
05becasue i still need that douchebag so that i can be a douchebag when a douchebag is needed.
2,14 a small software company
And abandon the version number
03why not just make a revision?
11,01ValtheJean: Congrats on getting a job.
ValtheJean: a'www, well hopefully you won't miss the friday movies eh?
Lawlz : the having an opinion rule
034, 5, 6, 7, 8 were basically the exact same thing
03then 9 added added crap
:3 thats great Val!!!
Dken2021: I squees loudly, but flutter wins
Wrek: Secret weapon, much?
gratz ValtheJean
I download them but all they give me is a firefox RAR file
Can anyone tell me what is going on?
ValtheJean: also, congrats man and good luck.
0310 was the same as 9
Wrek: Can I do a yo dawg meme please?
Not really
03and then 11 and 12 are the same?
03AFAIK
Videofreak1127: AAAAAAAAAAH
I think Wrek has the right idea.
ValtheJean: You found work? Gratz
On that note. I like this PMV.
Nope
2,14 Otakon: eh...actually, I will most likely miss a majority of friday streams
I cant be a douchebag sadly.... Its just not in my nature :\
03my point being
Nuuuuuuuuuuuu
03remember the 2.0s?
This is like
What this show is about.
We'll miss you Val
03it was 2.0.0.16, 2.0.0.18, 2.0.0.20 etc
ValtheJean grats
2,14 and it isn't really *found* work, as I've worked here every summer for like...5 years
0,14Val working The Man, I see
Do you want me to go find the src control system checkin log
03none of this jumping whole numbers crap
RaveBrony: Same. I suck at being mean.
I can't be a douchebag, I never was.
......
It's my experience that "He's a douchebag." is a safer assumption than "He's a respectable guy."
0,14*working for
Do i need to quote myself?
/me is a doormat :(
Props to Wrek for brains.
RaveBrony: you say that likes its a bad thing...
ValtheJean: oh
Sigh...so much for any help
Who did this?
awww Randomnerd
...that carries a different set of problems.
Punsihing me for having an opinion is a violation of basic human rights. And if you're religious, is defying your god/gods/goddess/goddesses
I'm not mean to anyone unless they give me a reason to:P
/me hugs Randomnerd
Someone insults me? I just shrug my shoulders and keep wwalkin :D
its ok, have a hug
/me hugs back
/me sighs.
05also lawlz for the last time you havent broken any rule.
Wrek: you said most of the time. being a douchebag most of the time isnt correct behavior. i dislike people in general too maybe, but i avoid contact, i certainly never pull the trigger first
RaveBrony: same here, I can't be a douchebag.... proud of it.
02I do have to agree with drf
Seriously, who did this.
2,14 bronystate does not recognize human rights
/me hugs Randomnerd
:3 It's true. No one is meant to be alone. <3
RaveBrony: lol, haters gunna hate
i need to stop being sad
Then why did I get a #1?
02FF went insane for a little bit
I just can't do it. I usually end up crying if someone says somethign bad to me...
0,14We recognize pony rights
kenne: Indeed
That was much win.
/me hugs Dken2021
@ValtheJean I can testify that !
/me tries to smile
How many times do I have to ask a question before people actually respond?
Does bronystate have a flag yet?
/me squees HAPPILY.
fffffffFF YES
Hm.
OH MY GOSH. MY FAVORITE SONG IN THIS EPISODE.
Squeeeeeeee!!!!
YESS DETHKLOK!!!
@ValtheJean: Then do they recognize pony rights?
icybeauti: I wouldn't admit that in public. You're likely to get trolled.
Who cares, its a version number
I lost track of the stream in the meantime, sorry
YEAAAAAAAAAAAH
I mean Honestly, id be in a LOAd of trouble if i didnt just let things roll of my back :D
DETHTOK!!!WOOOO
05dayum chat is rolling tonight
Oooh! Squirrel
Wrek: you kicked him, even though he didnt break rules. technically thats power abuse. you couldve asked him nicely
THAT MOMENT WHEN you were typing up a letter to a univwersity for registration and your fucking laptop crashes D:<
BOOBS
DETHCLOK
dat pedal board
024 - 12 in less than a year? LOL
DAMN! I missed the new episode this past sunday Fuuuuuu!
GOTTA GO FAST
xcanox: Not likely. Only on 4chan
Rewind. Play.
Derpy_Hooves: damn.
03I just call it version whoring
03it annoys me
I liek Metalocalypse <3 <3
Why do you care?
oh god Metalocalypse
03Yes it's being anal over something small
03but still
that feel when you have hard candy stuck to your teeth and when you try and get it off it feels like your gunna yank your tooth out
03I prever revision numbers to just jumping the gun
???
As i said, trying to depreciate the version number
Well, seeing as I apparently broke no rule, I reserve the right to be really fucking confused when people give me numbers.
03or even things like Linuxes do, where you name it after the year
05hm?
My stream is acting up -_-
03year/date
ah, the wonders of anthropology, I liked that class
As the web is just moving to quickly
Wrek: an example of your mindset leading to a premature assumption and kick, overriding your supposed mutual respect
:D
/me headbangs
Toki Wartooth is my baby. Candy. Tastes like chicken if chicken were a candy.
lol
03it was back in Firefox 2 and 3 too
03didn't stop them
I actually removed a tooth by biting on a Tootsie Roll. It pulled my tooth out.
kenne: I hate that feeling, stupid jolly ranchers
DO YOU FOLKS LIKE COFFEE ?
gogo gadget build date as version number :P
So how many peopl here use the desktops that are from EQD?
03until Chrome started version whoring and FF jumped on the bandwagon
LadyCanary: *taste like scootaloo
no
nope
MahBoi777: YOU KNOW!!!!!
Coffe ?
XD
i hope my ancient animal form is a pony
Alister: I do!
Lyraaaaa.
REAL COFFEE. From the hills OF COLUMBIA, Alister
06version whoring wtf am i reading
05but your statement is then based of the fact that i kicked him, which is false becasue i... didnt kick him?
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Alister did you just say coffe ?
or better yet a pegasus
03that's my name for it
hai CCCP ~ how are you ?
/me drinks lots of coffee.
No, chrome dont consider the version number to be relevant
/me giggles. Toki so silly.
COFFEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
MOAR coffee.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: im... okay i guess, u?
TheGreaAndPowerfulT coffee
EXTREME Coffee.
Wrek, who is "him?"
Thus it just auto increments over a set period of time
02doesn't*
/me goes up in tower with horn
I downloaded it when it took me to DA and all I have is a RAR file for firefox
Regardless, Mods rule the stream.... I dont see why anypony questions that :\
ehmagqawd mai fave song from them...
05i have no idea
Lawlz: him is you
05presumably i kicked someone
03but they started the whole "come out with new versions every week" rap
03*crap
lol even his grandmother is frigging metal
/me commands you to drink more coffee.
CCCP as far as i know i'm alright
Lawlz: didnt you get kicked?
The him was phone.
Val, how did you enjoy the new episode of Metalocalypse last night?
Wrek didn't kick me, you silly noodles.
s/chrome/google/
2,14 it's because you're totally me now wrek :P
w.e
hevy metal grandma
lol
Wrek is being chatty today, holy crap.
My little Mods: Kicking is Magic
2,14 does that mean I'm a kickass artist now?
thats brutal
CCCP :D
YEEEAAAAHH
God I wish I could fix this
ValtheJean yes it does gratz
FlareChaser: he is angry.... beware.
dat cannibal corpse
THEY GOT RID OF THE SEIZURTE OPENING
icybeauti: :3
02I hate how everything tries to copy chrome
03exactly
Please, go back to when we weren't streaming. ;_;
03Chrome isn't even that great :P
02^
Wrek: well ill admit its good you at least didnt kick him. still, you seem to like calling people dicks, which isnt nice either.
Why is the chat going crazy today, I can barely talk.
searched up yopo, they aint bullshiting!! :D
Lawlz: SHUT IT SHUT IT SHUT IT.
FlareChaser: NO idea
Alister: yeah
FlareChaser: because it is
link it
LadyCanary, what?
03also I love how I told ImgBurn to burn this CD at 32x and it started overhauling it to like 40x and faster
Hi everypony.
Every month and a bit, the version number goes up
otakon: Meta cannot download destop ponies
/me goes up into tower with horn, eyes peeled for outbreak
See i told you!
otakon: I went to download a desktop background from DA when I found it on EQD and all it gave me was a firefox RAR file
This chat always looked like this to me.
FlareChaser: no idea, just tryin to keep up, lol
I told you!
Hi, Bobeh
i gotta try this yopo!!
Mostly as a ref point for bug reports
CCCP: Because what is?
Lawlz: sorry, my time machine broke
That looks like the dude off of bevis and butthead
Hey, I left for a while. Whose streaming?
hey Bobeh
I have a spare Tardis.
Dang, I have 30!3 stuck in my head now...shush girl, shut your lips, do the helen keller and talk with your hips...:(
Anyone want one?
Gasp! Metalocalypse!? Yes!
Lawlz: Just tellin ya: when people complain that there arent ponies on stream, Val will play G3 ponies. Be careful.
FlareChaser: idk its just one of thouse days
Hmmm.
Stops copies me.
Chrome has given the web browser market a shake up
Oh, Val's streaming
03still, browser wars are stupid
*looks innocent* there aren't enough ponies here.
2,14 LadyCanary: or other various troll methods :P
03I like Firefox because it works
02also I tried Chrome once and it wasn't any faster. So I don't know why so many people are going "Chrome is faster FTW"
03yeah
when something violent and weird shows.. its Val xD
Everypony start complaining!
Stupid desktop backgrounds....
LadyCanary: Just put them on ignore, I've put a few people on ignore for a day or two just to keep sane.
03I just don't like the way it looks
If you complain and he shows G3, I'll BREAK YOU!! >.<
STOPS COPIES ME!!
trololololol
03isn't that a valid complaint?
The playing G3 ponies thing is SO old !
Its no longer expected to have to wait 6months for new webtech to hit the stable branch
03since they basically all dot he same thing
STOPS COPIES ME
03even IE works fine if you just surf the web
....Guys, come on. Im not in the mood for this crap.
lmao! god i love this episode! xD
03I'm not one of those unjustified-bias people
LOL
03after IE added tabs, no reason not to use it
Without the browser "wars" we would still be using IE6
I copies you whens I wants!
05but then again, usign demeaning terms against someone without a cause seem redundant to me. in the sentence of direct accusation and not generalization.
My little copies: STOPS COPIES ME!
03not really
Or, or, you could just leave it on some random person watching youtube videos. That might work.
What's the problem, LadyCanary?
Im adding that to my funny quote pile
03Microsoft updates their browsers just like anybody else
05but the nagain for all i know im a large hypocrite aswell.
ewww
03>IE10 in Windows 8 beta
That's why you pee in a bucket first.
06my sides
Dang... usually the chat is rather calm at this time O.o but its just keeps moving, lol.
lawl
HEY LETS ALL USE NCSA MOSAIC!!!!
Lyra!
06it hurts
they just don't version <censored>, that's all
Please do not swear. You have sworn 3 time(s). Bad moderator/administrator!
I think he's talking about the Candairu fish.
If they can say this on the stream, I'mma start talking about mayflies.
lyra iz a sea pony!
(It's how I haven't exploded at a certain Mustachioed brony, yet :P)
03how is my bias unjustified? I give legitimate reasons for not liking the stuff I don't like
gotta go faster
03o_O
Why the hell do I need to pay to use RAR
dat Lyra<3
I am confused, what happened in the chat and about all this kicking, someone explain Please!
/me facedesks
03I just hate people hating IE for no good reason
version what
03yeah it used to suck, so what?
Do i even need to bother looking up the dates that IE started to update
inb4 shoo be doop
FlareChaser: Don't worry.
Well, this is dull.
03VLC used to suckt oo
03big deal
INB4 Chrome is too ugly
:D
03*too
/me hugs LadyCanary
Hooray for hypocrisy!!
I'mma go do something else now.
@Wrek Lawlz : I'm Alister. I may have no authority here but might I ask you both to just apologize to each other and let everyone a chance to chat ?
Randomnerd: No no, tell me.
03lots of programs used to suck
03Windows Media PLayer did, but WMP12 in Windows 7 works fine
Do you also want me to show you a graph that shows you firefoxes market share at the time
ain't that a kick in tha head
=/
Pew pew pew pew pew pew.
0,14Don't let the door hit your ass on the way out, Lawlz.
good thing lyra got out safely :)
I haven't been talking to Wrek for quite some time now. Da faq?
BOOM!HEADSHOT
Do you need me to make you pwiddy pictures?
/me is asleep in tower, with horn by tail
05but here i was having a nice intelectual discusssion regarding my own standards with twilight_sprinkle. ;~;
This is how I do in Minecraft before I enter jungle zones.
And I'll touch doors with my ass all I want!
And thats why Rock is better for ppl
03We detected that your video is shaky. Would you like us to fix that? <- wtf YouTube
Also WMP12 wont read perfectly valid meta data thus its a PoS
03how exactly do they go about doing that
/me noms twilight_sprinkle
Oh, okay.
/me gets hit several feet forward by the door.
Rock is best music
Wrek: i would just say dont jump the gun, before calling someone a dick and bringing out the rulebook just ask someone to be nicer, nicely.
only in dethklok
@Wrek Private chat maybe ?
the HELL are they doing?
:P
02besides, geeks must only use FF
/me runs
uhhh
ded
06people use windows media player?
dear GOD
03what sort of metadata?
.....Safety precautions.
whoa wut
03yes
oh god :D
ID3 tags
otakon, preserving wildlife
03my parents ues it
03*use
/me boils CupcakeWarrior
03it reads ID3s fine o_O
Only the best for Dethklok <3
I think they just wiped out a species or two.
FlareChaser: Rage, Wrek chatted with him, other viewers got mad, 1 pony got kicked, and the others aussumed it was Wrek, then theyre just mad (I think)
Death boat is best boat.
dat boat
i didn't know welovefine give free swag when you bought something i may or may not be getting a derpy poster/blindbag/foam heart/a RD bag and stickers :p
Every other program would read the tags fine
I use WMP
and I'm proud
:D
dat LadyKlok
VLC, Clementine, mp3tag, etc
/me LadyKlok=LadyCanary ^____^
/me gives Wrek a cookie :3
I can't belive I have to buy Winrar just to get a damn desktop
03anyway HML
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHeGnfNAa40
OH GOD NO
ewww
[1,0You0,4Tube]: Taking Apart a Seagate Hard Drive | by | Length: | Views: 0
lol
So i finally got fed up of WMP's bs and dumped it
That's me right now.
...MY EYES. MY EYES
ewwwwww
02WMP is fine
lol
i don't know what this show is about :p
03^
03WMP used to suck
EWWWWIIIEEEE
CANNOT BE UNSEEN
dat vlur
THEY BURN!
blur*
03back on version 8 and 9
bleck
02yeah
IT BURNS
03but the newer ones are actually good
IT BUUUUUUUUUUUURNS
03heck
05meh
it's all GNARLED
it's CALLOUSED
XD
03it's just a directshow video player, EXACTLY LIKE MEDIA PLAYER CLASSIC IS
/me is so glad he's not watching the stream right now.
Pummeluff. That is all.
THE BLUR, IT DOES NOTHING!
wow hes nekkid
Wat
03I just can't spam my now-playing status from WMP
dat ass
lololololol
03so I use Winamp/MPC
03:P
XD XD XD XD
05the uncensored version is better casue it doesnt succumb to todays nudity standards.
dat plot
Candairu fish coming.
02ah
inb4 parasites
LOL it looks like cottage cheese.
ewwwwwww
Wrek: D: why?
O_o
oh god
02XD
03but I have nothing against WMP12, it actually works well
OH GOD
CupcakeWarrior : I bet you like it
02brb
0,14OH GOD
ehmagawd
O__O
dem parasites
.....OH GOD.
Up his pepe hole.
HAHA!!
03and IE 8 and 9 are also perfectly fine >_>
THE WHAT
nudity standards exist for a reason ._.
/me grabs his crotch and winces.
Yeah, that would never happen in real life
03People just hate IE because they hated 6y
03-y
Those things are real too.... >.>
03which is stupid.
awkward time to buffer
OW that hurts
lol
OW. OW. owwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
Wait, what just happened?
Wat
I have Craw fish in my dick!!!!!!
YES!
HOMAGE!
Apart from the fact that the rendering engine still sucks
o.o
>.< ouch
LadyKlok how would you know?
OH MY
I JUST came back to the computer to see... THAT. What else did I miss?!
o-o
03works fine for casual users
how..what?
And WMP is a laggy PoS when it comes to the library
03not every computer user is a pro like we are
CupcakeWarrior: I felt your pain ;3;
03>library
Can't swim a boat over water? Pull it over a mountain. Works every time.
02I liked IE 7 and 9
*-*
Somehow.
03EW LIBRARIES
lol wha?
where is that russian-speaking dude
03I just open the file I want to play
and it craps its pants on random tags
03o_O
/me 11,01finishes
etcetc
lmao LadyKlok xD
Xera: In the amazon, there are tiny fish called Candiru that usually swim into openings onto fishes while they breathe. Theycan also swim up pee streams.
03see, when you have like 30,000 songs like I do
03a library is even harder to find stuff
Yeh, casual users also like to have there gmail work
05standards are okay as logn as they arent overanalyzed and abused
I do
Well bed time for me everypony... Goodnight! Take care and have fun!! :)
05oh wait i shouldnt talk about abusing :|
03than just sorting stuff logically
Litwick: they CAN'T swim up a stream of urine
What ifs they kills us.
03I have them in folders by artist and album
That...sounds unpleasant.
I have it sorted
03no need for libraries
Tagged
05otakon: yes they can,.
otakon: ...Good to know.
gnight RaveBrony! sleep well
Wrek make a happy face.
And its called a search bar plus playlists
i have w7 collections turned off
STOPS COPIES ME!
Night RaveBrony! Sleep well my brother :|
03collections?
STOPS COPIES ME
Wrek: your 4 in 10 begs to differ. ALso, you though I was a dick when I showed up the first day? I am sad.
so i can't use libs/playlists in WMP
Wrek: They can't. Urine doesn't have one continuous stream
otakon: i can
you know, smart folders, etcetc
I can find a song in like 1s or less via the search in GMPDC
YOPO!!!!!
Wrek: have you seen minaj's video? the standards arent enforced enough imo...
otakon: Whoa man. :|
....BLOODLINES.
yopo?"
ValtheJean: Im sorry for leaving during your stream :( Wrek: Gl with the crazy ponies in here :D
or "libraries" folders
bloodlines FTW
otakon's daily schedule http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2507/
DIE HIGH EVERYPONY!!! :d
THIS SONG <3
STOPS COPIES ME lol
05relax otty, you proved to be all right after all /snugglies
Woah.... I taste purple.
/me waves bye to everypony :)
03heck
My old man was in Vietnam. He was told if he had to go in the field to piss in a container and then toss it away.
11,01Death Metal savage stuff?
LOL
CucpcakeWarrior : AWW YEAH
03the thing in Explorer that shows the tags for a song is the same engine that WMP uses, right?
How come I dont get snugglies Wrek? D:
/me cant understand the words
Yes
03it doesn't work on FLAC and stuff, but why would it?
Wrek: well thank :)
03that's not ID3
The tags showed fine in explorer
03those are OGG tags
03:P
Didnt work in WMP
05becasue you are too young
03weird
03it works for me
WOAH
Some tags work
He's trippin BAAAAAAAAAALLS.
Some didnt
rofl
How do you know I am? :|
dat blood
@Wrek than Can I get them ?
o_O
Oh god
05go ahead
You sometimes have to make a copy of the file without metadata for it to work
/me snuggles with Wrek
0_o
yay
This show would be great for litttle kids!
Even when other software worked fine
05FlareChaser: the general way you act and talk.
/me crawls behind rock
if only i was there for that tri:':'(
CupcakeWarrior: that's why they show it at midnight
age doesnt excuse from rules
/me 11,01chases FlareChaser
Wrek: :| thats me being me.
CupcakeWarrior: I know, let's do southpark next.
Oooh!
dude there is something i wanna show tyou guys but i dont want to get introuble for linking a youtube linkj o~o
Double Rainbow aw yeah!
yay! insanity HO!!!!!!
03ugh WMP stop making libraries
What just happened?>!
05and thats me beign me
03I don't like libraries
And try searching for anything in WMP
03or rather, computer ones
03:P
congratulations :)
:|
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1357/
Derpy_Hooves: just ask ValtheJean if it's okay
I like pinkie
03just did
Yeh.. cos you use software that cant search for crap
03took less than a second
FlareChaser: he haz teh psychic powerz
03:P
pikorar most of SP's audience is kids probably
@Wrek just being wrek :)
03I fail to see your point
also, STOP SHIPPING ME DAMMIT!
2,14 who's asking me what now?
Want me to mature? alright, no more immature Wrek.
03maybe it lags on some crappy atom system or something o_O
Happy?
05happy.
Nope
ValtheJean: Derpy_Hooves wants to know if he can link a YT link.
Good.
or slow HD
happy happy joy joy
1. Snuggle with mod 2. Influend mod to ban RAWRity 3. Ship yourself with NightMare Moon
CupcakeWarrior: Most of South Park's audience are the show's producers and me.
03^
THAT LYRA WAS PERFECTLY TIMED!
Nope*2
lol Alister
Why are these so funny? http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2147/
otakon: Full caps.
I'm kind of angry inorder to properly download these desktops from DA I have to fucking buy WinRAR
pikorar: I like South Park
Alister: dat cheap move
2,14 I'll allow it right now, just because I'm in a really good mood, and the awesome stuff hasn't started yet
It starts to chug when you try to search though a 30k+ collection
03it didn't for me
03but it was still updating my library
Evening everypony =O
Derpy_Hooves: you are good to go! do it NOW.
There you go then
03since I don't give a crap about libraries
Hello Airpuff!
Moding would be fun though...
twilight_sprinkle all social relations are strategic
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5se40iEXOu8
evening Aor[uff
03I prefer to just loop the same song til I get tired of it
03XD
evenin Airpuff!
you don't have to pay for winrar?
otakon: are you the co-producer?
Playlists weee
Digitalis: you shouldn't
Well I download the files and all I get is RAR files
WHAT IS THIS. THIS IS AWESOME.
evening Airpuff
i've been using it for years
DOUBLE RAINBOW!
Digitalis: nnnnope
0,14use 7-Zip
11,02Moo
=)
0,14free and it's better
pikorar: no, I'm from 90's
05ill translate what val jsut said: "go ahead cause it wont save you, blood will flow and bodies will burn. tremble before me mortals! HAHAHAHAHHA!!!"
They are good I hear
07bluuuuuuuuuuuh
07school is over
getting tired of songs whee
07forever
hiya SuperBrony64 hello Airpuff
2,14 wrek knows me so well <3
o.o
Double rainbow.. what does it mean? x
SuperBrony64: MOO
D:
noo
03I used a playlist for my radio show
2,14 it brings a tear to my eyes really
;o
ValtheJean: dear GOD what are you planning?
03but ordiniarly I don't
11,02Hai ^-^
otakon's I am too. But, mid nineties.
my new favorite thing is my little skyrim
Alister: be careful with that
O_o
Triple RAINBOW!!!
07aside from bowling class that I don't count as school
/me noms SuperBrony64
07|D
hey SB64!
05and yet you dont let me snuggle you
does that even work for RAR files
COCK-A-DOODLE-DOO!
05tsk tsk
Please, tell me what this is called.
2,14 Otakon: I can guarantee that you'll love it
pikorar: yeah, I've liked SOuth Park sinc ethe beginning
hi SuperBrony64!!! *hugz*
twilight_sprinkle : Analyzing people and manipulating them is my speciality
ValtheJean: I am wary of you.
2,14 Wrek: that's because I only hug people who don't draw Caramel shipping :P
Moar lyke winAMPs radio show
Korn in SP is best soth park. And 200 and 201
harhar
i like South Park :P
That sure is one good collection of songs! xDD
05valid point had it not been that i have yet to drwa caramel
Please, someone tells what this is right now.
05draw*
...Screw being mature, I am who I am.
^ lolwut
ValtheJean: wait.......why don't you like Caramel shipping? There are like 1000 mares out there.
2,14 well, you commissioned one
03so what
03it works fine
05not even that
2,14 so thus you still count :P
/me facedesks
/me 's stream is still paused, can still see twilight in her bookfort.
did anyone watch that?
03yes?
Randomnerd: lol refresh!
I DID>
I'm on the winrar site and it says for one user it costs 29 dollars
05it was "hey dude i wanna draw something what to draw?" and i was like "caramac."
when's broyn day anyway?
"The munsters can't get me here!"
lol
Derpy_Hooves: I missed it!
Dis vid <3 <3 <3
2,14 well you LINKED me a bunch of caramel shipping -_-
I want to know wht that medley was right now.
wooooo!
:D AWWWWWWWWWWWWWW Lil Nathan!!!
yy
To easy a target :P
<3 This episode!
ye.
05you asked for it
dang it otakon D:
Daw
05that time
yey.
Here's the only shipping I like: http://jcwinnie.biz/wordpress/imageSnag/ups_hydralic_1.jpg
Oh god nuu xDD These series are so.....
DAMN!
2,14 I never ask for that -_-
I need a link to this vid immediatly o_o
0_0
o__O
pikorar that's hot
I LIKE TRUCKS!
wat
dat truck
o_O
dafaq
/me falls out her chair laughing
pikorar: +1
O______________O
05todl you blood will flow
like a boss
05told*
pikorar: LOL
yeah.. this serie is.. bloody.. xD
Wait a second....Dethgov...OMG I LOVE THIS EPISODE.
What in the hell was the point of that?
O----_____---O
DAT SHORT INTRO
Son of a bitch! Where's the seizure opening!
0_o
Which one do I download?
Toku?!
inb4 shot
theres one for .exe and .msi
booo
florida sucks
.exe
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Have you played Legend of the Five Rings?
You would be weird too if your last name was "explosion".
I'm dying! Good.
it worked for me
nope
florida is part of amrica
Freaking chat keeps derping.
Epic Twi http://bit.ly/IlgyfD
And this is safe right
IM EATING CHIPS
0,14I'M EATING CHIPS
He's eating chips god dammit!
/me hugs CCCP back ^_^
xD
yep
/me is also being nommed on O.O
:)
chips, cant be rushed
:D SuperBrony641
lol
Chat keeps derping on me.
Lol
ill take a potato chip...AND EAT IT
Sketch_Toku_Brony: kay. Toku is a character from that game, never mind lol
Its chip time, don't disturb him
twilight_sprinkle : When is Twi not being epic ?
ok, GOTTA go everypony........This is your favorite #Enigma, signing off SHOW_OFF......
SuperBrony64!!!!!!! :D Hiiiiiiii
05also twilight_sprinkle: dont think i dont appreciated our little talk~
ah i see
05didnt*'
05-d
11,02LadyKlok!!!!!! Hai :3
:|
SuperBrony64: Moo
11,02Gunthler: I say, Moo :>
0_0
>.<
kip slauter lol
Hi SuperBrony64! Moo
:D
Yeah, I give up on mips.tv... I can either watch the stream or chat, I can't really manage both.
/me giggles.
Moooooo
hi SuperBrony64
so it is chat.
...
dem chips
I know that sweat feel bro...
xD
Dat dildo
this thing is safe right?
eeyup
Randomnerd: is it lagging? also have you cleared your cache, checked flash and given the mips full storage?
Wrek: well thats good, i hope the convo will induce some thinking in both of us.
EAT THEM POTATO CHIPS
mmmmh.... chips....
I'm high on potato chips as we speak.
chips rule
YEAAA
:D
Nathan Explosion 4 president!
Lolwhat-... wha..
NATHAN EXPLOSION 2012!
why this show?
BOOOOOO DOO
..... purple alert..
BOOP DOOP
Boo. Boo. Boo.
HAHA!
why not^^
Purple Alert!
BOOP
lol
buuurdoom
FAT CHICK!
:o
lol
I love purple elert!
cannot be unseen
DO NOT WANT
marry me nathan!
lol
damn spelling!
At least he's not governor of New Jersey.
^^
Dat purple alert :d
So, what? Did he run or did he win by write-in?
05IM NOT INSULTED
All caps! :O
Wait, its a mod.
Yep.
Lol.. xD
somepony_else: is this safe?
I did it twice.
lol
Buy ALL the things!!
U GOT IT
HE WANTS TO HELP PEOPLES!
0,14I WANTS TO HELPS PEOPLE
I WANTS NO PARTS OF THIS, GOVERNMENTS
I WANNA HELPZ PEOPLEZ
Dat kick!
lol Swissgar
....
oh god
0,14DEMS OLDS LADIES
UGOT IT!!!!!
OLD PEOPLE!
Swissgar LOVES DEM OLD LADIES!
Ewww
lol old ladies :D
xD
I love this show. I love it so <# <3
Guns... Because it's the south. Of course.
lol
dat tricked out florida
Dat Lyra
You got it!
Blow crap up.
Seems legit xD
after a few min of watchin this show i like it
Motor Boating
wat
oh GOD
Can ya'll help me make sure my story doesn't get rejected from FIMFiction.net because of it's bad descriptoin?
EWIE
I gotta love Toki
.. not legit..
.....
FUCKING NO
GODDAMMITNO
O_O
0,14...
Aw YEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
:o
You got it!!
Rich!!
BWAAAAAAAAHAHA
lol
ewwwwwwww
inb4 Inflation
pony in the way
Moneez :3
I NEED TO GET MY EYES CLEANED- BLEACHED
New Florida Currency Worthless
"Working sucks"
GAG
Dem banana sticker!
....... oh god.
WAHA! All the riches in the world will be mine and you'll be my whores!
OHGOD!?
:o
STOP GOING BACK TO HIM
oh god /]_[\
05meh, seen worse.
OH DEAR
argh free, i meant to say
good lyra..
bwahh my eyes! xD
skisgar 0_0
Anybody else see the banana stickers? :3 :3
Cover it up lyra.. cover it..
old lady fetish ewww
Dafuq!
Guys, what would happen if I made SuperBrony64 mad?
? Whats wrong with you guys?
The writers of this cartoon understand economics better than the people who will be trying to shut down NYC and London tomorrow.
lol
Bye everypony!
Monfang: Welcome to the interwebz
Monfang: We're watching sexy old lady make out session.
Gross old ladies
Bye ponies47:
Wait what? Shutting down NYC and London?
Brendan Smalls is a genius <3 <3
0,14>people trying to shut down NYC
glad I"m missing that.
0,14pftHAHAHAHAHA
HEY MY GRANDMA IS AN OLD LADY!
05then florida was fallout: new florida
talk to ya'll when ever
No kidding...
LOL Wreky.
/me 11,01rubs SaxyPretender
/me chips
otakon, thank you
no durr.....
Wrek where did you learn to draw?
/me is rubbed
Randomnerd: for what?
Wrek: You should be the writer for Bethesda.
11,01When I'm bored, I start doing things to people.
SaxyPretender: so you're out of the loop, okay.
then epic metal time!
chips is the answer to everything
....DAMMIT. Name of this song......
Fuck, the only chips I have are cheetohs right now.
05myself FlareChaser.
Also! I found a similarity between the finale of MLP Season 2 and G Fighter Gundam.
Ah, nice.
Mutant Alligators? I'm okay with that
Hey guys, why does this sound familiar? http://derpy.me/90OIa 6_9
@Wrek do you take requests ?
otakon: your advice about the cashe
05only live
Randomnerd: ah, your welcome!
11,01So, is everyone going to get struck by lightning?
Ahhh the song is Impeach God.
imma go make a "u must be new here" meme
Nittany. Much worse. Much worse.
It's been so long since I last saw G Gundam
Midnight_Fyre: Oh that's going to be fun.
@Wrek : Well I can't be here live. Can I just give it in advance ?
Lol
destroy the herd?
excelent outstanding good
Beeeee
11,01Lol.
Beeeeeeeeeeep
LOL
0,14BEEEEEEEEEEEEP
beee
Uh oh.
Im terrified of the noise of that @_@
lol
beeeeeeee
soon..
now
beeee
Nathan
....Scrambles. <3 <3
xD
scrables the death dealer!!!!!:D
lol
0,14Scrambles the Death Dealer
lol
LOL
11,01Yep. Throw out the WMO naming convenction.
DAMN!
Not scrambles!!
FlareChaser :I need to ask you a favor !
0,14and Lyra is just happy about it
Suddenly became 2012
Lol
XD
05this show is glorious.
Alister: Yes, what is it?
Look out. HERE COMES SCRAMBLES.
lmao
Wrek: agreed
HAHA!
overpopulation: problem solved
Indeed Wreky :3 ;3
Japan 2011
See, this is why I lived in a landlocked area.
lol
Oh my.
05the music is good too
That city got scrambled.
11,01Scrambles is a deathcane.
ONE survivor
miner_oo: More like Florida, problem solved.
... So much better.
xD
inb4 underpopulation
FlareChaser : I won't be here for Wrek's drawing time so can you take a request for me if he's live ?
it's THAT guy again
mfw that guy is alive.
where was RD when u needed her
http://www.vgcats.com/super/?strip_id=37 if only it were this easy :P
Cole Phelps master cop.
well there goes his other eye
Malcom MacDowell <3
Alister: But...I want him to draw Flare Chaser d:
LadyKlok: not anymore he was shot in the other eye
chirp
Nope, Nittany.
Nittany_Discord: I think so
lol derpy xD
THE LOVE SONG!
FlareChaser : fine :(
Yes!
:D Yay!
Yes!
Alister: Sorry :(
yawww
This one again?
Bo Burnham's the best.
05hey ValtheJean: one more ep before i hit the hay?'
Calcos323: ValtheJean likes it
FlareChaser: do you know of RoosterTeeth?
????
it fits perfectly
otakon: I knida figured
Wrek: what time is it over there?
Biglaw: of course I do!
Rossterteeth?
2,14 of Metalocalypse? Yeah, I stream 4 every time I stream
Love iiiiiiis~
05neato
FlareChaser you may enjoy this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prmx0lYBTko
Biglaw: shame! You shold ask before you link YT links
geoff couldnt watch the dead island trailer :D
Wrek: So, did you start drawing on paper or just automatically start digital art?
I apologise
holy craps!!
Biglaw: Already watched it.
lol
05both
Ah, okay FlareChaser
lol
I have no idea what I'm listening to.
diary lol
11,01http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/aboutnames.shtml
Xera: It's one of Bo Burnham's songs.
11,01Hep.
Oh, okay... cause you see I always wanted to be good at Art, just I never got to practice.
Bo Burnham is okay. Alot of his YouTube vidoes are much better than his "comedy" stand up.
ô.ó
I've never heard of that name before.
lol
im scootaloo the miner
I watch a lot of Comedy Central.
11,01Ernesto, then Fluttershy.
0,14I liek Comedy Central :3
Colbert for life.
comedy entral is best central
6got sick of getting sick of songs.
chicken?
I want to learn how to draw, brb :|
0,14yfw I've been to a taping of the Colbert Report
I liek....bronystate ^_^
6that actually hurt my head to understand at first
CLUCK!
im scootalo the miner cameidain
02LOL
Bronystate rules.
6actually it still does
FlareChaser:.. gl o.o
Whistleeeeeeeeeees~
Airpuff: What?
lol wha? :D
Aw, that sounds amazing! I would love to see Colbert live!
rape whistles?
im a miner ;D
0,14yeah, he's a nice guy
0,14and a big LOTR fan
Nittany_Discord: Is there a way to send in names for requests? :D
well
03some songs just never get old though
0,14like...really big
You said you wanted to lean how to draw and brb? xD
02you know, I think it just hurt my head
Well guys ! Time to go to sleep for me. Good Night everypony !
Rape whistles are best whistles... Just hope you never have to use one.
Here, imma go get Painttool SAI.
11,01No.
WOOOOOOO
yea
night Alister
SaxyPretender: who is?
02XD
Gn alister
lyra...wtf man
lol
6night of fire
11,01The WMO chooses names in private.
6is still legit
night Alister
0,14Stephen Colbert
I LOVE THIS EPISODE. XD So lovely.
oh god this
SaxyPretender: oh
haahhaha
...... oh god
03And now I want to listen to it.
6years after so many loops
dat ass
6...
lol
6yeah same
/me 6turns it on
OK, that's just awesome
:D
damn hairy man ass
lol
play wit that huge cock
XDDDDDD
/me 06is listening to 03»» 02Niko - Night of Fire (Extended) (Super Eurobeat Presents Niko - Special Collection) 03«» 0200:04/05:16 [2303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 02271 kbps m4a - 10.38MB (WinAmp) 03««
lol
dam it toky
miner_oo: it's calloused and gnarled
Night everyponi <3
/me 6thumbs up
night CCCP sleep well
Those cars are mergeing without changing directions. Oops
03this entire album is pretty good
what/
lol
05sigh... miner_oo that was uneccesary
Dat Goatwhore.
03Niko also did a cover of two Bon Jovi songs, those are cool too xD
twoface
HE'S STILL ALIVE!?
wat
07and now I'm playing that too lol
LadyKlok: the guy LIVED through a damn meteor drop.
6whooo!
03XD
Now what would be the best size for the desktop...some of them are a bit blurry
Silence....
03Yay contagious songs
otakon: Im well aware.
o.o
im miner-pony
03for extra fun, read the lyrics
/me hides
Fatty ding dongs :3
6hahahahha
It's 11pm here. Imma turn in. Night guys!
:D
Drivings SCHOOLS lol
Alright everypony, I'm out. See you all later!
Murder face is my mom's maiden name.
night icybeauti
Goodbye.
0,14later all the people who are leaving
07and now I feel like driving lol.
nope.
11,01That wide bike.
heuss what i am
05dat caring caretaker
Yeah, it's 11PM it's time for me to take my leave. Goodbye all!
weirdos u say?
6in japan
6super fast
So many Kroners.
ZzZ
03you want super fast drawing
im scottaloo the miner stalker
03you should see Sunny from I, Robot
03:P
07driving here super fast is fine too lol
6I love that movie lol.
03er
03wait
03I thought you said drawing
03not driving
03wtf
6driving here is fine too
Mmm Jousting
6but japan is more fitting
6cuz mountainside roads
03That all nighter is messing with my head ors omething
And Im LadyCanary of Bronystate
6and you know
6that would be nice
Applejack is beating those eggs like she beats Applebloom.
and i am a pony
07coming from here to concord has a pretty amazing road lol
0,14And I am a jet
LadyKlok: Ponies:D
03I want my own theme song too
I'm a kitty!
I'm Pinkie Pie, I make Ponies SMILE!
Wrek: you use Paint tool SAI right? if you do I can probably buy it now...
nothing.
6dude, I'd love to have a theme song
07which I totally didn't drift my car on once
05poor guy, i can really whats the word...
07>.>
07<.<
i'm just somepony....
Poor Murderface.
and I'm... uh.... ummm... idk
Hammered Ass :D
lol
hammer ass lol
03so my friend flipped his car, totaled it, and injured his two passengers while drifting on a freeway
03and I'm like
03you're an idiot
I guessed it
07lol
03and he's like "it wasn't my fault"
03How is that not his fault
Why do I suddenly feel high?
07first of all, freeway
Litwick: Sorry
05but yeah i can really see where he's coming from
11,01Because you are in the air?
firum
Oh god. THIS FILM.
07second of all, what the heck was he driving to make it flip lol
Lets spin this sh**!
brutallo
03a Toyota
crash sito
03but still
wow, this is just......wow
The vid we saw in health was worse than this
03why would you be drifting on a freeway, especially when you have passengers
03that's just asking for trouble
this is not true
O________o
6first of al
6why drift at all with passengers
03exactly
If ya'll can, read my story and ether leave a comment on there or IM it to me. I'll really appriciate constructive critizism or just your opinions. Thank you! http://www.fimfiction.net/story/23826/To-Friend-a-Mailpony
woah
0_o
03because he's an idiot
....
....Well sheet.
6it's funner to watch
id think theyd be immune to it
03he's totaled like two cars in two years
05well
05im sure it would work
well?
oh
05really good method to make peopel stay clear form D&D
Oh my god.... I need smeone to hug after seeing that. I'm legitimately horrified by that...
We never saw a video like that... i wish though... sigh.
/me hugs LadyKlok
07well, I did that one handbrake uturn in the parking lot of the roller rink with passengers Roara
Alright, I got Paint tool SAI.
07you remember that |D
/me hugs Litwick
Wrek: you don't like Dungeons and Dragons?
Hard core.
i will :) *hugs Litwick*
/me hugs Litwick
/me hugs Wreky ^_^ heehee
/me huggles Litwick
/me 06is listening to 03»» 02Max Coveri - Running in the '90s (Initial D Best Song Collection 1998-2004 - Disc 3 (2005)) 03«» 0200:30/04:45 [202,02|02,02|303,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|03,03|02] 03«» 021034 kbps flac - 38.39MB (WinAmp) 03««
03Same guy who did Night of Fire
03he has like 27 names
oh god asian driver
6HAHAHAH that was actually fun though
Poor Toki.
maarijawana deth fales beerdeth true
jk
07but you should still never try anything going faster than 40
aawwww toki!
05sneak hug successful
6I'm sure
lol Gojira = GODZILLA :D
hizzah!
03yeah, my friend thinks he can do anything because he gets paid to test drive cars
03but >_>
...
6.......lol
o.o
03I'm never letting him drive me anywhere
derp
Wrek, mind me asking, are you familiar with the band Death?
you called?
05back n forth
lol lyra
07but does he actually practice |D
03how should I know
Yes, Metalocalypse! New episode is awesome.
lol
And we livin
03apparently he has an actual racing license too
03which...is very surprising
im a chicken
03given that he's crashed a bunch of cars
Hey, Ditzy, I wrote a story about you.
scootalo
03who in their right mind would grand him a racing license
scareds likes the scootaloos
little Scootaloos
03*grantr
I LIKE PONIES!
03-r
How is Caramel sleeping through this?
11,01Caramel is used to death metal.
Because magic
2,14 he's just so metal, this is tame to him
05me and lucifer of way back, old buddies you know. and if i want to meet him you gotta pay off death. lucky lucy thought me a nice trick. he is a sucker for italian pasta.
07I'd get one of those if the bay area had a good track
05tought*
that kazy bastardo
03we've got a few
lazy*
03but the problem is
wtf am i watching
Why is this so awesome?
03he starts driving like that on public roads >_>
/me giggles. Silly Wrek.
6I can totally see you racing all the time, kyu
night ponies
If this was an actual event, I would watch the shit out of it
same here
... I just realized that vals colors look simular to daris on iris
Magic, Hoody Ninja. Magic
dangersus
i thought scottalo was rainbow dash's sister at first :D
I still owe Mephisto my marriage (Linkara fans will get the joke)
dead
lol so would i
I remember seeing this part. I don't think I ever saw this episode from the beginning.
07also I need a track car
DED.
03around here everybody thinks they're cool because they can use Chrysler/GM/Ford's private test tracks to race and drift and crap
This is one of the most weirdest things I've ever watched.
Dat LadyKlok
YAY FIRE!
Dat car. I would like it.
.-.
Eh, typical tuesday night
03but then they forget you're not supposed to do that on public roads where people are actually around >_>
Best event evar!
.....OH MY GOD.
I JUST REALIZED WHO WAS IN THIS EPISODE.
Lola is deathklok on the stream?
wow
LadyKlok: who?
Going to drop something random, but I honestly hope that if they do go into it, that Scootaloo doesn't find her talent in things like Rainbow Dash.
im the forever alone pony in mlp :'(
Marty Friedman of Megadeth!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me squeals
LadyKlok: I have no idea who that is.
Oh noes
Same
?
LadyKlok: you are SUCH a fangirl
07my sister's current boyfriend has a racing license and is a really good drifter
05needs more war
Ike otakon
yes
/me hugs LadyKlok
yogacast!
ikr
2,14 lol...I totally forgot that was only the third ep I showed
:o
....Val. I love you. <3
2,14 still have one more :P
07also he drives a 240sx
07so
What is a better moral: "Follow your idols" Or "Become the one followed."
07want
I think whoever streaming likes Dethklok
07|D
03no idea what that is
SUCH a fangirl
Niiiiice.
Fyac!
brb
6the hell
07a nissan silvia
Eeeeenope otakon.
haha Dethklok pmv :D
6that guy has respect from me already
ponies are so metal
thund athnda thunda thunda thunda horse
07if you watch initial D
03oh
lol wha?
03I don't, no
hores
Eeeeeyup LadyKlok
03but yeah, I'm not a car person
03I'm just like
Monfang: Become the one followed.
Just pointing out a metal guitarist who was in that episode.
Pinkie Pie invented Metal
0,14I LIEK THUNDERHORSE
03give me something with four wheels and a working engine
/me headbangs
I want Fluttershy to lullaby me to sleep :(
03so my parents just randomly went out and bought a minivan the other day.
Pinkie Pie speaks metal
03now we have four cars
03LOL
Gunthler|Zzz: Me too.
Bad Horse is best pony
6wuh
05im no fluttershy
0,14this is the newer version though
....Oh my god this is so perfect. ;3;
05but it will hopefulyl suffice
03it's a 2002 Dodge Caravan my dad got off this guy
this is so metals
bad horsie is beat song
07someone in his group has an 8-6 too OTL
Goddamn iPad I can't watch deathklok
0,14My Little Dethklok: Friendship is Brutal
/me gives Gunthler|Zzz one of his Fluttershys
Exactly, Raondomnerd. So Scootaloo, who we already know is a poor flyer, should find a talent of her own instead of following behind Rainbow Dash.
Wrek: I'm sure it would :3
03because I have the SUV up here at college with me, and my sister's home from her college for the summer and trying to get a job
03so my parents are like
/me sings: hush now quiet now it s tiem to lay your sleepy head. hush now quiet now its time to drop down deaaaad~
03NEEDS MOAR CAR
03*S
Waxy: fund that
Saxy
They actually reference MLP in the new Metalocalypse episode
Gag!
07lol
dam it
07we
Oh my god that was beautiful Wrek
03yeah I dunno
07have 5 cars
03he literally just came home with one
0,14...no way, SparkleButt
073 drivers
03and I was like uh, OK cool
FYAC!
I kind of understood Nathan Explosion's reasons for deleting this song, but not it's honestly growing on me.
they do?
lololol
03LOL
U FERGOT THE PINKIE PROMISE
6my family had 4, 3 drivers
6wait
Yep, granted it's 3rd gen
6 5
03for us it's now 4, with 4 drivers
03:P
0,14ah
Monfang: I agree.
6one is mine
Nathan is riding a pony in a fan fiction drawing
03and my youngest sister has her learner's permit
03so I guess they can share the van
03w/e
It was probably meant as a brony nod, though
XD
03they gave me the choice
I'm installing Facade right now
lol
03of which one I want
07technically 4 cars, 2 drivers if my dad's gf doesn't count |D
03but I prefer 2000 SUV over 2002 minivan
Dethbuck
03just because LOL minians
I'm gonna say Melon a bunch of times
03+v
SparkleButt: I havent watched it yet D:
facade?
i intalled ,inecraft
minecraft
LadyKlok: It's pretty awesome
6btw
Monfang: I wonder if ponies can change their name if their talent doesn't match their name.
/me squeals.
Massive fandom nods
what is that video called on youtuber?
6dodge caravan 02, thats what we have
6that thing is awesome
03what color?
I actually believe that would make sense.
.....I WANT THOSE CUPS.
6white
03oh
03ours is blue
03XD
6it's like the only van I'll ever like
how long are these episodes?
Take all my money!
07Boxster, Rabbit, Jetta, and MDX
03my mom has a Honda Odyssey
LIke they get a name close to their family, but then they add on one from their talents.
i should get mine littel pony
03I learned how to drive in that
Some cultures have kids change their names.
wait..........Bronies?
03*to
LIke Asura from Guild Wars 2
03so it's kinda a pain switching between the two
03XD
BRUTAL!
Digitalis: I liek the Toki one <3
I see someone completely gets off to this show T_T
the hell?
o-o
If Pinkamina Diane Pie is any indication, then yes.
.___.
hehe :D <3
07and for the 3rd summer in a row I think I'm teaching my sister to drive
0-0
Where can I find Fluttershy's lullaby on the internetz, the one without Scootallo interrupting it... >_>
Ohai Revengencers.
dat head
dat graphics
Strobing fail, lol
6.....lol
6 3rd?
Gunthler|Zzz: youtube I'm sure
Yes! Seizure opening is back!
05not trippy enough
dat stream rollercoaster- MLP-deathklok
Gunthler|Zzz: you mean sweetie belle?
6does she just not get it?
The ponies all have names and tack on names with experiences or have Cognomens.
the grsphics make it look bad ass
and seizure
07she's had 3 permits
Seizures, seizures everywhere
mario_pony: yes.
Okay I feel so excluded without the stream so I think I'm going to leave XD
07this would be her 4th
07she gets how to drive
needed more seziure
6uh
dnununununununununununun
07but never takes the test
6wait I thought after you were 18, you didn't need a permit
You can only own 1 car per house here, unless you can use the apartment loopholes
THAT guy
07you always need a permit
i thought he was killed?
6the ell
Nittanyyyyyyyyyyyy
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtFY7LshgDk
6someone lied to me all these years
6that makes more sense hahaha
07there's just no waiting period to take the test if you have the experience
6oooh
nah mario_pony
the other guy was
Natural Gas Explosion Coincidences
0,14no video links during stream please
ok
6tell her to take the f*ing test
I like that idea, Randomnerd
Screw it I cant draw :(
PANDERING!
07also she lives in SF, so ends up being really rusty every year
FlareChaser: practice dammit
/me goes off to write more.
otakon: ugh...fine.
6oh
6that
FlareChaser: just keep practicing!
6would do it
He's the glue that holds the band together. And with them, the world.
FlareChaser drawing daily is a good way to practice :D
=/
lol
dat lyra
I hate Summer Colds
I guess I'll go practice... :|
lol
...THAT TEA SET.
I want that too ;3;
05FlareChaser: ive drawn basically everyday sicne i was 6
LadyKlok: you want it don't you?
05so fet practicing your art skill
afuklc
05at 70 you get the pony perk
03wait what
Wrek: what...
033 permits?
D:
03in CA it's one per year?
Monfang: Twilight Sparkle and Shining Armor have similar names, perhaps their family is something related to something reflective or radiant.
05im makign a fallout reference
03here you can just keep yours until you take the test o.o
pony perk?
FlareChaser: Just google Instructions
03unless you turn 18 before that, I think
6permits expire
oh, lol now I get it! :D
03ours didn't
6here
Wrek: we know
03they were basically "valid until you get your license"
03I think, anyway
05flare didnt otakon
Darkts3: good idea...
/me 11,01coldsplodes.
6it's california man, all driving stuff is weird here
...Toki's ABS.
Well, I'd love to stay and Dethklok with you all, but I must go to bed. Goodnight to you all and have a fantastic evening!
03California itself is weird
03:P
Wrek: what's the level cap for Fallout 3 GOTY?
those abs o////o
FlareChaser: you no know Fallout? :O
6so's everywhere else
medieval medical remedies <3
Kandarihu: 30
0530
6whats your point :P
03nothing
otakon: yes I do, I didnt get it at first.
03I just like making fun of places
03XD
Ah, okay.
11,0130000000000000.1
wow, Toki is RIPPED
otakon: then I did.
tokys is hots for girls
^
lol oh god :D
...YES.
lol
HORSE
07basically they want you to take the test each time if you really are lazy enough to not take the exam after a year of practice
05to sexy for his shirt
CLUE WORD
the HELL?
hehe xD
Indeed Wrek :3
Pass a baby under a horse three times?
Oh the leeches <3
Heart of gold, abs of steel.
oh god
Wow, a perfect circle.
Guy Fawkes
indeed Kandarihu xD
thats new
dose leeches
...
lol
... I'm overthinking ponies again.
FlareChaser INCREDIBLE
XD
lol leeches :D
GUYS, I MADE A CIRCLE, this...circle...is..so...round..
Randomnerd: easy to do
11,01XD
oh GOD
.....Hahaahahahahah
oh noes
=/
lol
07makes more sense than to have a non expiring permit and let someone who hasn't been behind the wheel and doesn't know traffic rules to just take the exam whenever lol
11,01*whistle sound*
HOW is he not dead?!
wat
Because metal.
there is NO such thing as bad blood!
11,01*whistle sound*
bloodletting, oh my
O___________o
Actually, metal is literally keeping them alive
they eat the bad flesh in you
lol
:O
yeearghh
Lol.
SparkleButt: lol, so true
Oh god, me and blood don't mix well *shudders*
XD
scottalo: That's true!
Haha!
oh god
I CAN'T FUCKING STAND THE SITE OF BLOOD
brrraaiiiiin shuuutiiiing dooowwwn
wow
hahahaha
05the only reason they are still alive is due to the high ammount of heavy metals in tehir bodiesa
^
Wrek: must be
Maggots will eat dead flesh
/me hugs Litwick for comfort
Alright, night everypony... ZzZzzz
They survive because they have plot armor.
Not at all because it's a cartoon. lol
hey
03well except that if you haven't driven for that long, you'd just fail the test
03XD
dat necrophagist
Bye, Gunthler|Zzz
hey wak eup
WAAAKE UUUUP!!!
hey
Hey! Listen!
HEY WAKE UPPP
HEY!
6not always
navi?
NO!
HEY HEY
No, im sorry, i have school :(
no Navi crap
NO
Gunthler|Zzz: sleep well man and learn well
do it now
Dethsupport :D :D
BUFFER
PULL THE PLUG.
05how fitting
everyone explodes
this is kind of scary
PULL THE LUGG NOW
/me headbanging.
wow
now THAT is fandom
Revengeance!
THERE ZOMBIES
You were saying, otakon?
Lol.
o.o
lol the Black Knight XD
omg
METAL
damn
oh gawd!
05he's ok
0_0
Awww yeah!
so much for teh fans
LOL
dat landing
AIM YOU DUMBASSES!
:p
2,14 and now
05Litwick look away
11,01*metal chirp*
2,14 for some awesome
and now
/me hugs Litwick
DOOWN
what just happened?
metalocalypse scares me .-.
IT IS TIME!
That's our CFO. Gets thrown out of a top-story building, lands on his feet.
CHIRP
It's too late for that Wrek :(
05figured as much
:)
05ANYWAYS
oh god
05GOOD NIGHT
Goodnight, Wreky <3
G4 ponies in japanese?
2,14 gnight wrek
lol
Nite Wrek ^^
Night
wat
Night Wrek!
night Wrek sleep well
what eo\pisode whas that
good night Wrek
...DAT GURREN LAGAAAN.
0,14later Wrek
bye, Wrek
Bye Wrek!
0,14I'M SO OKAY WITH THIS
I would still watch this show.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hPR-iSnaCuc
If it's blood splattered like in an anime, it's fine. But when they show someone PHYSICALLY LOSING BLOOD, I lose it.
[1,0You0,4Tube]: SNES Voxel Landscape Demo (Super FX) | by | Length: | Views: 10.644
/me point her hoof up into the air.
Wat is this?
Row Row, FIGHT The POWER!
Gurren Lagann had the single most fucked up ending in anything ever made
/me SNEAKHUGS VAL AND LadyKlok
PIERCE THE HEAVENS WITH YOUR HOOF!
/me giggles.
/me stabs wrek repeatedly
...What have I just walked in on?
O_o
/me nuzzles Wrek.
05haha! my woulds heal as fast as they appear
05wounds*
I have no idea
We're more powerful than we were a second before!
StupidSexyCJ: the HELL you say! a fucked up ending? HOW SO? THe save the bucking UNIVERSE. They are big damn hEROES!
0,14THAT'S THE WAY A DRILL WORKS
dragon balls z lol
VOLTRON!
Welcome to the world of Gainax, beetches.
0,14KAMINAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA ;u;
Except in ghost form
RAAAIINNBOOWWW
strangely similar to the episode
And then pixel Lyra just swims along completely oblivious.
damn my typos
otakon: half of them died, the hero loses his wife on his wedding day, then becomes a hobo
SeaLyra don't give a buck
StupidSexyCJ: they still save the damn universe.
army of abrony vs brony army
0,14I AM GETTING CHILLS
03HML did you see my video?
0,14GIGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
0,14DRILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
rbeaker
0,14BREAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER
yah
Wheeeeee.
BEATCHA TO IT SAXY
2,14 I just wish my psp streaming didn't crash constantly
....Oh baby.
0,14but mine wa slouder :3
0_o
2,14 otherwise I'd show Gurren Lagann killing robots from other series
TASTE THE FRENDSHIP BEEYYYAACTH
0_o
O_O
ValtheJean: you'll fix it someday, also ask NewDCD for help
But I was first :3
/me f2k 01 One Way or Another - Blondie (6chDTS@1510kbps, 40.57mb/3:45)
Universe splodes
6oh god
OMG
LYRA! Get out of space there!
OOOOO______OOOOOO
I taste the friendship.IT TASTES SO GOOD.
6taco bell sounds amazing right now
I'm listening to EuroChaos Discord right now.
AND BAM!
2,14 he's been rather busy lately, and he doesn't quite know what the issue is
6I'm so hungry ffffff
Pony pony pony
*_*
ValtheJean: ah
LOLNOPE
0,14WE EVOLVE BEYIND THE PERSON WE WERE A SECOND AGO
TATE THE FRENDSHIP BEEEYYYAAATCH
HUNGRY HUNGRY AURORA!
6YES.
sorry, couldn't resist
-_-
GODDAMN MANLY TEARS!
SaxyPretender: GIANT EYEBROWS POWER ACTIVATE
6always hungry
....And then Twilight was Kamina.
BELIEVE IN ME WHO BELIEVES IN YOU!
I should show my hater friend this vid, he loves Gurren Laggen
0,14MY DRILL IS NTHE DRILL THAT CREATES THE HEAVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENS
03LOL TACO HELL
haha, this is epic and funny at the same time :)
^
And not a single buck was given that day
Barrel_of_Fun: the WHOLE series is like that
/me weeps many manly tears.
otakon: ...Really?
0,14WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK WE ARE?
6tacos
name of this video?
otakon: seems like too many flashes to me
11,01My drill pierces poo.
TASTE THE RAINBOW BEETCH
ewww
oooookaaay then, Nittany_Discord
twilight_sprinkle: well, that WAS the finale
....Holy mother of Celestia.
Wow.
Season 3 finale needs to be Gurren Lagann
Derp
Now, infuse Old Spice Guy, Chuck Norris, and the Elements of Harmony all together, and you have an unstoppable force
THEY KILLED THEM SELVES
Discord is laughing as the universe explodes.
The End
twilight_sprinkle: the fights gradually get bigger is all I'm saying, that was teh biggest. With them being several million lightyears tall.
oh yeah
wtf
I AM liking this already
otakon I think they were 10 million
otakon: several lightyears tall? like i said, too many flashes..
0,14NO WAY
0,14Is this...?"
02Jack in the box
Whats this?
:O
CupcakeWarrior: well that IS several million lightyears tall.
02that's what I'm wanting
?
WHAT?!
this a damanime
it is time
OMG
LOAD darn it!!!
YES!
0,14YES
0,14YES
0,14YES
YES!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I love you Val
No...
YES!
awwwwwww
0,14YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
What show is this?
...Wait a second.
So, first episode?
YES!
Kidding
<3
HELL YES!
/me fangirl screams
O_O
:O OH MY GOSH
that fanboyness
/me manfan screams
Mama Mia...
ready for a exterme fight
07fff
Which episode is this Val?
it was only a matter of time, i was expecting this to happen soon...
/me screams for the hell of it
Kthnxbai.
ValtheJean: you magnificent bastard!
whoa whats this?
2,14 this is the very beginning
wtf is thos
:D Thanks Val!
inb4 it's just the intro :3
2,14 at least I believe it is :P
6sorry guys :'D
2,14 I haven't actually seen the series
just when i was going to play lol gurren lagan... you plan this Val! now i must stay
07it's hard to not want fast food with 200 bucks of returned textbooks burning a hole in my pocket :'D
kenne: it's TENGAN TOPPA GURREN LAGANN! YOU WILL WATCH IT!
im only a 8 year old fille -.-
Ive only seen the first episode
scottalo: it's awesome, just watch it
6lol.
Val is best brony.
0,14I CAN FEEL THE HOT BLOODNESS PUMP THROUGH MY VEINS
I havent seen the series, but have heard good things about it
i no like anime well i watch dbz
1,3if you're in the US, I know Gurren Lagann was on Hulu
So Ive heard this show is supposed to be manly
I've seen the whole series, but only late at night when I was only about 75% awake at most.
0,14it's also all on Youtube
scottalo: just give it a chance
Sweeeeeeeeeeeeeeet
CupcakeWarrior: BEYOND MANLY
otakon: i noticed that once i saw more of the intro, never saw it but i have a general idea of what it looks like, ill have to watch it some time
k -.-
:) :) :) :) :) :)
CupcakeWarrior: This show makes me look like a bitch
night poines
it might be an awesome chance to fight :P
also, IN MEDIA RES!
1,3foreshadowing :)
it's by gainax? well, that sounds promising
Biglaw: you know where I can find a good Pony drawing technique?
It is the manliest show ever. Save for MLP
goodnight Spitfire
So manly >w<
kirzstryfe: so MUCH foreshadowing
Bye Spitfire!
Bye, Spitfire
This isnt the first episode
bye Spitfire
/me gives drf these: http://www.eatmedaily.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2009/09/chicken-feet.jpg
0,14DAT THEME
Damn it's dub
02:'D
by Spitfire
It IS the first episode.
1,3this is the first
Yay dub!
03you did that last night too
/me dies from seizure
So what, Midnight_Splender?
2,14 not the first episode?
awwww and its dubbed XD yay!
07dinner is either more ramen, pizza rolls, or a microwave pot pie
03and I'm still disgusted.
2,14 it says it is
0,14it is the first ep
those looks uncooked
03PIZZA ROLLS, I want to make some now
1,3it is the first Val
Midnight_Splender: I'm a bit dissappointed but oh well.
03even though I just ate half a large bag of chips
are you sure this is the first episode?
0,14yep
1,3yep
07they are uncooked lol
02shhhh
cooked ones are browner, softer, and puffier
07and unclipped
0,14Who the hell do you think i am?
02I'm trying to poison him
Midnight_Splender: same here, the dub doesn't have the same emotional energy but it's okay
/me hides
....Oh Kamina, please have my babies.
oh u
http://i.imgur.com/0fGgA.jpg
a mod?
07and still attached to the chicken, no less |d
Who the hay do you think I am!
Can't torrent?
1,3lol
07|D
SaxyPretender ?
CupcakeWarrior is not a real fanboy
I also prefer dub
ValtheJean: it's okay man! Gurren Lagann is better then no Gurren Lagann
02XD
who the bick do you think i am
/me facepalms.
the HELL is wrong with you people?!
StupidSexyCJ /)
6kyu, marie calendars chicken pot pie?
that sounds like the same guy as Ben 10, Suzaku Kururugi, and a billion other voices
lol
0,14GURREN LAGANN IS ON, NO TIME FOR ARGUING
07yep
6you want that.
1,3^
Thankee Saxy.
twilight_sprinkle it is
0,14also, yep, twilight_sprinkle that is Yuri Lowenthall
WHAT
CupcakeWarrior: (\
Lol
07parmesan chicken pot pie
This dub is okay, but it lacks the hotbloodedness of the original version
6oh those aren't as good
Lol
Dig a hole dig a hole dig a hole.
07I like them better personally
0,14I know that feel Simon ;____________;
Fuck you, thats what
*diggy hole*
Afraid to get DIRTY!!!
ass holes
02oh fine
Dig PONY!
Diggy Diggy Hole
AND he smells
2,14 maybe one day I'll find a decent one
02drf can have these then
ValtheJean: I can
dig it
Val, thats a silly idea
Bitches.
hehehee
0,14KAMINA
Have you checked WarezBB?
...
0,14<3 <3 <3 <3 <3
im a dwarf and a digging a hole
....
ANIKI!
Hyah, Mule!
07now that looks good lol
MINE Saxy. MINE MINE MINE.
6god dang-
6yeah
6stop
nice shades
6it's making me hungirer
I know that he dies in a few episodes
0,14I WILL FIGHT YOU FOR HIM
6I'm in class.
damn
those glasses
let's dig a hole to put dead bodies
Dark as hell under the earth, wears shades
SaxyPretender: calm your tits
...BRING IT SAXY.
those look overly flavoured
*digs*
O.o oh noes they are gonna fight
0,14also, I don't need to remind you guys, no spoiulers
ewww code geass
sweet! I like that idea
2,14 cause...like...I was planning on doing that today -_-
his cutie mark is a drill lol
ValtheJean: well, i kept torturing him, he seemed to have given in
SaxyPretender: I wouldn't spoil this if you PAID me.
ValtheJean: WHAT
2,14 oh well, will prepare something else I suppose =/
ValtheJean: NOOOOOO
I WANT
I WANT CODE GEASS
FIGHT THE POWAH!
FOWKMFWFMWOFMWOFMWE
fail
lol
CHARGEEE
....Moooooole.
go piggies GO!
FOR EQUESTRIA!
Pigmoles.
03eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeew @ picture
In the movie, the final robot thing is 52 billion light years tall
stampeeeeede
as i was saying before autokick...CODE GEASS IWJNGIWOJNGMF,WOJLFW,LEKFMEW,
FOOOOORRR NARNIAAAAAA
this is great
CupcakeWarrior: HOLY SHIT! 52 BILLION!?
11,01Humping?
.....Awwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
/me just found a 720p 10 hour video
Pinkie?
02eat up, they were hard to make >:@@@@@@@@@
DAMN OLD MAN!
DAT LOOKS FUN
wtf
RIDE THE PIG!
Haha
what...
6f you
Oh, pigs can fly.
lol
fail
6I'm hungry as it is.
That dosent even make sense
03I SEE YOU DRIVING ROUND TOWN WITH THE GIRL I LOVE
03AND I'M LIKE
03F YOU
6:|
6I hate that song lol
How the hell did those pigs do that?
12food o-o
Diggy hole
6no idea why
CupcakeWarrior: magic
0,14GURREN LAGANN, NO TIME FOR LOGIC
6just everything about it makes me mad hahahah
:3
12I'm not sure if I'm hungry or full o.x
ValtheJean: plus your stream time is better for me :P
02LL wants cookies
12and Roara, agreed
CupcakeWarrior: standing on each other, believe me that will be the LEAST of reality being shattered
07it's the kind of catchy song that's just awful in so many ways
11:39 here
Afternoon bronystate :>
its an anime, fuck logic
Mole-Piglet!
6^
Hey, XAX
07but uncensored it's mildly amusing
Oh Kamina <3
Randomnerd: I love Boota
07still gets old QUICK though
Boota is a BAWSS
....dang it
geuss why my name s scootminer
whats playing today?
02liek toybox?
2,14 nah...I'm gonna stream something else
/me runs
0,14GURREN LAGANN, XAX
XAX: Gurren Lagann
y u no play
ffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
ValtheJean: might I suggest G Fighter Gundam?
lol Kamina is a badass
Ok, thanks
scootminer: Do you work for the CMC Mining Corporation?
Kamina's just like I DONT GIVE A DAMN
Silence in the stream..
6you know what song I've been addicted to lately
0,14I DON'T RUN AWAY
LadyCanary: indeed
2,14 otakon: no you may not :P
no i am a minecraftain
03inb4 Night of Fire
:'( i love to kick ass
12The Llama Song?
6Woodkid- "Fire"
Silence in the stream...
/me hides
6er
half eqestrain
6"Iron"
6sorry, teacher is discussing fire in class
yeah bury your face in his chest >:D
ValtheJean: the hell man why you no like G Fighter?
FIGHT THE POWAH
:| let's kick some asses
03LOL
2,14 haven't seen it
2,14 and I'd rather stream something I know is entertaining
ValtheJean: :O
.....
Kamina looks manly
1,3buuta <3
13this is a stressful show...
Im back everypony
6but yeah, that song is addicting and awesome and yeah
ValtheJean: YOU SHOULD WATCH IT!
Oh my god that is so cute.
07you know what
Shizuka: huh? how so?
?
hi all!
How long is the series?
0,14dat Shizuka
:D this is amazing
07too hungry
26 episodes
oink oink oink
I saw gundam, didnt like it
ValtheJean: do you like Gurren Lagann? You'll like G Fighter Gundam I think.
0,14Gurren lagann is 26 episodes
sigh, i want code geass stream so bad...
what we watching?
I love this episode.
Shizuka! :3
2,14 I haven't seen Gurren Lagann
TheHoodyNinja: which one? there are like 4 different series
07gonna go out mainly cuz I wanna grab a closer parking space anyways lol
ValtheJean: oh
Shining Finger Sword!!!
02http://us8.memecdn.com/annoying-facebook-girl_o_150060.jpg
6k
you mean that
This is the first episode
I stopped watching it after this episode
otakon: Idk, just didnt like it
2,14 but I've seen enough from clips, games and people's commentary to know the chat will enjoy it
6ugh filters.
07starting to pack stuff into my car cuz I'm moving back tomorrow o3o
....HAHAHAH
0,14I know I am
ValtheJean: ah, I see.
drillboner
o hai kamina
6hows raikou going
Shizuka: so, how is this show stressful?
What would be the name for the manager over the mailponies?
Like a baws
11,01That was close for him.
0,14SO MANLY
13so much yelling
0,14>.>
07haven't touched it in a while cuz of school
Shizuka: oh I see
0,14<.<
6same
a face XD
6may is gonna be ultimate cram month
I'd like to recommend Dennou Coil. It's not hot-blooded, but it's a great series.
Is it easier to draw with a tablet? :|
07yep
FlareChaser: yes
Postal Mark?
otakon: so, for my birthday I should get a tablet?
07plus I still gotta make the Lance costume
guys wats the name of the cartoon/
11,01Rod is ineffective.
11,01Nvm.
ValtheJean: I can guarantee enjoyment of most. :l
6you're still doing that?
BOOM1
FlareChaser: if you want to, I suggest it
...Holy lawd
Kaboom
13ah the thorian has arrived
Nittany_Discord: um, THAT was a sheathed Katana
Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann
otakon: Alright, im going to wait till my birthday.
Shizuka: not quite dear
Flarechaser: then afterwards join us on paintchat
07only if I have a week free once Raikou is all finished
6cool
Dem glasses.
whats the cartoons name
07cuz it'd probably take that long lol
otakon: I just heard it was easier to draw stuff with a tablet and easier to learn, is this true?
when is your birthdy FlareChaser?
MANLY SHADES
Who do you think you are, Having two faces
lol why does this show make me think of Dig Dug lol
Well, it's all I can think of. Mailpony Boss, Postal Mark.
lag!
Yogi: May 6 :)
FlareChaser: I would think so but ask Wrek
scootminer: Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann
may 19 for me :-)
Monfang|Writing: the tall mail colt is Post Haste
Wrek is it easier to learn how to draw with a tablet?
wait,what happened?
dat SWAG
Hey girl haaaaay
0,14HEY HEY HEY HEY
mail colt? Where did you see him?
StupidSexyCJ: giant face crashed into the village
Stay outta his shed
0,14SHENANIGANS
What show is this?
Smile.jpg?
and Kamina is gonna FIGHT IT WITH A SWORD
....It can talk.
LemonLime: it's Gurren Lagaan
Dem shenanigans
thanks
/me swoons.
What an idiot.
THE MIGHTY KAMINA!
LYRA!
hes a badd ass leader
Theyre jealous of his MANLINESS
... Figh dat power.
0,14and suddenly...
Well shit, this is pretty epic, i'm going to have to watch the series :$
.....Yoko!!!!!!!!!!!1
Yoko<3
and here comes Yoko
0,14Yoko o////o
Yoko <3
13ah the token sex symbol has arrived
^
Wreks?
Shizuka: she is NOT!
Yoko!
Mom's watching, and Sea Lyra is distracting
where are you? D:
ladies and gentlemen, we have our fan service!
im a young filly
dat ass
OH ya, I forgot about Post Hate.
*Haste
Shizuka: she kicks ASS and is NOT just fanservice
Heyguys!Idontlikethisanime.
What do you mean, "It's not awesome"?
dem glasses
lol
13that camera flourish suggests otherwise >>
But it would be his boss. The boss over ALL the mailponies.
1,3Shizuka, the difference is, Yoko can kick ass as well
Welp, I'm going to bed. Bye everypony!
Or the ones in Ponyville
0,14^
NOW FUCK
Shizuka: it's Gainax, but she is NOT just fanservice
Kamina is a badass
Yoko Littner
....Dat flank.
Dat Ass
indeed
bye cutenesskitteh2
just because someone can kick ass, doesnt mean its not fan servicde
lol
dat ass
o///o
o.o
The Gainax animes HAVE NO RULES
Boobs D:
gimmie
in fact her being able to kick ass is more evidence of fan serv ice
A face
twilight_sprinkle: just because it's fanservice doesn't mean its not good
im a 8 year old fillie
/me puts twlight_sprinkle on some cupcakes. "Is this fanservice?"
Fail
...Kamina, you idjit
sorry i lagged out.... did someone reply me?
13strategy fail
lol
Wat
03hm
otakon: it definitely doesnt mean its good
03http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16823126198 <- I wonder if this is comprable to what I have
errr...yeah im just gonna wait till I get a tablet :|
twilight_sprinkle: you know what? you won't like this show, go watch Naruto.
03as my keyboard's getting a bit worn out from use, I'd like a new one but this wireless set has a stupidly huge receiver that bugs me LOL
Dat face
The fanservice here is nothing compared to Ikki Tousen, but that show is terrible
0,14GURREN LAGANN IS ON
0,14NO ARGUING
otakon: no thx
0,14OR I WILL END YOU
SaxyPretender: Can i help?
what is this show
Plot
...chick sounds like Rukia in the english dub of bleach. probably same VA :p
where have have i heard her voice before...? is that Zoe from Digimon Frontier! :D
0,14it is, XAX
im a littel kid
mmmk
I love her VA
oh yeah i rukia as well!
Kamina. SUCH A BRO.
Yes
0,14Good guy kamina
lol dumbass
Words of wisdom
Gainax: Impossible? Whats that?
twilight_sprinkle: WHICH HAS FANSERVICE AND QUITE A BIT OF IT DAMMIT! MORE THEN GURREN LAGANN BY FAR. HELL! Naruto USES fanservice as a WEAPON several times, so WHERE the hell do you come from saying it's no good? You like Naruto right?
Awwwwwwwww lil moley moley moley mole :3
LadyCanary: Boota is a bawss
2,14 woa woa woa
0,14BELIEVE IN THE SAXY THAT BELIEVES IN YOU
2,14 easy there fellahs
damnit otakon why do you hate twilight_sprinkle
2,14 if you all can't behave, I'm streaming something else
TheHoodyNinja: I don't hate him
otakon: i already told you this before. naruto has far less fan service, almost none, only a few jokes.
NO!
Fanservice or not, just shhhhhhhhhh!!
13eva shogoki, hashin?
Plug it in
ValtheJean: that's okay man
I love the reasoning in this show...hahahaa
hey everypony
Damn just enjoy the show
inb4 the drill is used as penis jokes
0,14twilight_sprinkle, otakon, knock it off
What DOES that mean?
I don't believe in Saxy, I'm a Unitologist.
EY!
twilight_sprinkle: the sexy no jutsu enough friggin said
SHUTDAFUQUP!
i didnt even do anything, otakon is just angry because i dont like the show! not my fault.
Naruto? The manga of that is being made up as it goes along.
otakon: i told you, that was a joke. they never use it otherwise
when i'm bored
Wait a second... I know this
lol
Fun fact: Yoko ish sexy
Hey guys, Flare is gonna go right now!
Kandarihu: not really
waitwaitwait
Bye FlareChaser
Good night! :D
:p
i will die for eqstrie
later FlareChaser
see ya Flare
bye Flair
>dislike
Hopefully I'll get my tablet soon! :D
dammit
>Gurren Lagann
D: Poor Simon.
bye! :D
If twilight_sprinkle and otakon are the reason I can't watch TTGL, I'm going to go outisde, find a homeless person and pay him money, to stab them in the dick.
Another 2 hours, another chapter complete
dam it i need someone who is good at making rigs in flash my current rig is broken as buck
UNPOSSIBLE
bye FlareChaser
Im loving this
Lmao Litwick xD
So Kishimoto planned how Naruto was going to end before he started?
Gainax HAS no impossible, Simon
XD
Litwick: the hell?
Kamina's so damn crazy.
0,14he is
Randomnerd: eeyup
Litwick: wtf, why am i at fault? all i said is that theres some fan service. otakon raged and capsed at me, i wont share the blame for this.
0,14and that's why we love him
this=amazing
Randomnerd: But it's MANLY
13manly == total lack of strategy
13got it
kill it from the inside
I seem to hear that a lot lately "Crazy = Manly"...
0////0
I'm just going by what the mods say.
....
twilight_sprinkle: So Kishimoto planned how Naruto was going to end before he started?
Holy. Sheet.
okay it took me 4 hours to download 4 episodes of mlp
Its a big daddy
English Dubs. No me gusta.
so 52 hours
Unicorn horn drill
0,14LOUD NOISES
Silly Placebo, dubs are better
time to drill
0,14MUSIC TITLE DROP
FUS RO DAH
....OH MY GLOB
is how long it'll take to dowload both seasons
Placebo: Weeaboos make me sad panda.
Fus ro dah!
Kandarihu: you have proof otherwise?
FUS RO DAH
AHHHH! XD
13need to imply something takes effort?
Now now...
Pandas are to cute to be sad.
13instruct your VAs to scream
/me facehooves.
epic drill
Lyra is silly
I have no clue what's going on, but this looks like a pretty cool show.
ooooooooooohh
http://derpy.me/?nocache=1326339774 Throws money at the screen
:P
13sun suddenly disappears
diggy diggy drill
ghostpolitics: It is.
11,01Surface!
these are sum strange ponies we watching
is dis season 3?
digdug, the show
...Wowie wow wow!
13pushing a button requires yelling, seems legit
yup
lol if the surface was Equestria? :D
I heard that somewhere. I'm not into Naruto at all. One Piece is MY shonen action fix. THAT is a series that knows where it's going.
11,01The surface sucks.
does anypony know where i could download all of season 2 ?
0,14all my manly tears ;u;
thats how i pushbuttons
so much HHHNNNNNNNNNNGGG
bewbz
lol bikinis
Man Nipples.
fuck i love this
yogo yopo
MAN NIPPLE
mario_pony: reddit has a dl guide right on the side
HAHAHAHA
HAHAHA
Why are they so tan?
XD
Lucky mole
:)
11,01Fan service.
^
:D
...HAHAHAHAHA
furries hiding in ur cleavage
0///0
StupidSexyCJ: When I argue with people on the internet, I tend to yell as I push buttons.
Obligatory gainaxing
lucky bastard
fuuuuuuuu
fail
I liek boobs
FFFFFFFFFFUUUU
so mole, how does it feel to be inside the chest?
0,14dat sax
13nice going, you broke the robot
11,01So much drilling.
Sir_lockpicker: great
0_0
ok
OH YEAH
O.o
SHE LIKES IT
XD
Sir_lockpicker: I'm sure it's nice, warm, and cozy in there.
Kid's getting laid tonight.
2nd base bro
giggity
13we haven't quite reached the maturity of a bayformers movie yet..
gj all around
lol
i know right
POKEMANZ
Shucky ducky quack quack.
ValtheJean: 1 ep of code geass PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
MEH
did they shoot galaxies yet?
Wow, its already been 25 minutes?
0,14God, I love this anime
MEH
ValtheJean: i beg you, ill be good...
Sauceboss thats the final episode
0,14tis number 3 on my alltime list
>Speech do in 12 hours, haven't started.
ohai everyone
oh lol woops
Neeeeeds MOAR DRILLS!
ok, who asked for ponies
/me lies down
LOL caramel
/me just met Mutterguy irl
YAY I LOVE IT WHEN VAL STREAMS IT MEANS THIS SONG
...
0,14right after FLCL and Digimon
G1 mang
oh my........
yaay~
The fucking tuba
catchy ~
ValtheJean: I did something wrong didn't I?
And I ARRIVED
Mom loves this song
not that im complaining
SaxyPretender I love Digimon:)
ive already developed immunity to this song
OH NO CARAMEL this is no place for you
Ill only except Digimon
dagen, lol
shall they play moonbase alpha agian?
twilight_sprinkle, ikr
what...the...hell
Where's my kitchen...kni- Nevermind
welcome DeadlyPon3 you missed Gurren Lagann
Caremel is dancing :P
that....was..../](^3^)[\ AWESOME!!
Caramel only wakes up for this song
caramel is dancing along
daww caramel
TheHoodyNinja: He likes the beat
FUCKING TUB
Caramel wishes he could be Vinyl Scratch
I mean, TUBA
Caramel is best...uhhh...brown pony
whyyyyy
Not sure if Me Gusta.
Shizu: Inorite. There needs to be at least twice as many sets of female legs and three times as many explosions to start reaching Bay territory. Plus it needs to overflow with extreme pro-US-military sentiment.
I wanna see a fucking tub
Ga maar met me mee ~
i bet this dude is soo cool he's playing P2 :p
For a minute there, I thought Lulu was back
o3o
NOOOO
You know what Caramells favorite instrument is?
\e no like
something is worng with the sound......it needs more foo fighters
Caramel dances to beat
deadlyPon3, what is it?
The Tuba :p
oh, Hello Kandarihu's mom
ponyland!
AND HERE IS THE STRETCH
Trombone is best instrument
http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/24c1947f5e8110cb4bae05f903c8a396/158280%20-%20canon%20derpy%20derpy_hooves%20feeling_pinkie_keen%20mail%20meta%20post_haste.jpg
we need a shuffling discord video
lol Foo Fighters + Mr.T= FIGHT THIS FOO! :D
Caramel Y u so Cute /)^3^(\ ?
to counter this, I have her loosing that job and moving to being a mailpony
K sleep nao.
Cha Cah CHA
And now, He shall REST
0,14later CK|Asleep
...I have a bad feeling
:o
?
Hmm?
moar?
:$
Lyra
is it Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann
Your voice got deeper
YAY
...and derpier
sigh, the endless wait for Code Geass continues
BANDAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
Aw shit, Bandai.
Well guys, ill be on later
Same show
Bandai tree
^_^
Shit just got real.
/me plays the guitar -n-
dose ppls
Yes. Just yes.
"GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH"
I always skip the openings when I watch anime
0,14YES MORE GURREN LAGGAN
0,14>skip Sorairo Days
0,14...mfw
CupcakeWarrior: you and me both
I never skip the opening of anime's
I almost never skip the opening songs.
CupcakeWarrior: did you skip mlp's intro?
They are the BEST part of the anime :P
Whats Sorario Days?
0,14Sorairo Days is the OP for Gurren Lagann
Like Naruto, with the second opening
CupcakeWarrior: you are
I also tend to kick all forms of flank when in "Name That Anime Opening" games at conventions :P
/me facehoofs
littel brother big brother bro fist
i feel like im sinking into the hole of addiction
OtakuTom you dont say?
0,14say, Val, how many eps of Gurren Lagaan are you planning to stream?
17
:D
2,14 just two for tonight
damn, so close
0,14gotcha
02I feel sorry for whatever keyboard drf gets :<
2,14 but, will continue it the next time I stream
Dat tale of a man!
0,14YAY
which will?
0,14also, this VA also did the voice for BANG SHISHIGAMI
:3
...Gundam
Not Gun MAN
you ROCK Val :$ /]
13http://i.imgur.com/JrT2o.gif
02the E and W keys will be the first to die
SaxyPretender: BANG BANG BANG BANG
SaxyPretender scruffy old man ?
0,14yep
Unfortunately, the rest of my team wasn't all that good, so while I ended up getting all 4 points for my team in a single round, the other team won with 5 points.
Why is Madok Here :p?
...SO CUUUUUUUTE Shizuka :D
0,14needs more filly Shizuka in that one
Shizuka H'nnnnnng
03actually no
lol
OW
03the C and L are the ones fading o.o
03also, wtf, 17-button mice
Fluttershy XD
...Where do I remember that voice...?
Digging a hole is not... so cool
13http://fav.me/d4y0prk insert where appropriate
0,14god I love this music
...was he in Persona?
Hey hey hey hey hey~
HEy hey HEY HEY HEY....hey
DeadlyPon3: Yes!! That's Yosuke!
I KNEW IT!
what is this i dont even
dum ass
ded
Not
I remember all the persona voices
HEY HEY HEY! IT'S FAAAAAAAT ALBERT!
...
FORESHADOWING
Shizuka, D'awwwww
"Hey, Protagionist, try to get laid with Chie!"
HEY HEY HEY Stay outta Kamina's SHED lol
02well, the L is from you saying LOL
Panty Shot
dat ass
/me runs
dat..
DeadlyPon3 Whos in Persona?
Remind me again, what accent did Rarity's Parents have?
...
DAT ASS
Dammn
dat fan service
Wasn't like Chicago or someplace in the north?
HNNNNGG
0,14I like girls of her...
www.youtube.com/watch?v=UWatKna9HIs Why does this song always seem to fit my mood at the right time, A New OC ReMix pops up...whilst im sad...it just HAD to be this song...
[1,0You0,4Tube]: OC ReMix #2427: Donkey Kong Country 'Depth of the Deep' [Aquatic Ambiance] by nintendude794 | by | Length: | Views: 305
os shit
Dat guy with the hawt voice who plays...the white haired gang guy :P
This is like a jackpot special
/me puts on his Kamina shades
0,14caliber.
Will you be streaming any Red Dwarf after this?
0///0
" I need a giant teddy bear to help me!"
2,14 I would if I could find my season 7 disc
2,14 but atm it's mia
Oh, I see.
Pew pew pew pew.
0,14>.>
0,14<.<
:3
0,14no one liked my joke ;__;
^.^
Goddammit Saxy.
...I hate your joke Saxypretender
lol
I dont get it Saxy
AND THATS THE VOICE OF BUSTER
wtf?
That's the voice of FUCKING BUSTER BUNNY!
0,14nah
XD
0,14I don't think so
Buster? As in Arthur Buster?
gunman
YFW Yoko is 14 yrs old
So that last cliffhanger that ended with Rimmer destroying the time drive... that was a Star Trek TNG-style season finale?
thats also the voice of g1 spike
Digitalis: I know
No, Buster Bunny, no relation to Babs
I'm still shocked.
dear god the Tiny Toons rule the surface :D
yet not surprised.
WHHAAAAAAATTT
I wouldnt be surprised if Yoko was 12
....
...
Wut,
...
GAYYYYY
<.<
gaaaay
And the guy from Persona 4 makes a appearance :P
is that a gay guy
Gay
dat voice :D
Oh no, wait
Leeraon
dammit
lol
/me imagines Leeron as Kanji
JENKINS
:p
Lol.
LadyCanary: dammit it IS SPike
....What a happy little Fruit.
XD
...Man, Yosuke attracts all the hawt guys :p
...His dad is the moon
ikr
CupcakeWarrior: IM GONNA RENOVATE YOUR ASS :3
<_<
dat no shirt
That bucket is a celestial body
...
"And call them now"
he's haawt
0_0
SWIMMING IN THE HAIR
Ooooooh~
"OOoH"
Well~ He is Fabulous
mfw Kamina is Kyle Hebert
A hickle of bumkins?
bumpkins
Whaaaa
...Ohmyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
Leeeeerrooon -3-
its ok to be gay
0,14haha
Wiggle
dose hands
-3-
....He's got nicer heels than me.
He might
Leeron, y u so gay?
o_O
0_o
/me giggles.
0,14oh man
GAY UNDERTONES BECOME EXTREME GAY OVERTONES
holy fuck
XD
Cause this is CLOSE
indeed Litwixk
homophobic much?
Teets.
Bewbs.
i love that guy, he makes me laugh so hard lol
..."WOW SHE HAS BREASTS I NEVER NOTIED"
Kamina's VA is the nwe Big the Cat
0///0
drill it!
CupcakeWarrior: That's.... odd.
...Madok is best mech :P
:p
Litwick: The onld VA was Duke Nukem
Dirtier than This!?
WAIT WHAT
lol
Honey
Big the Cat was DUKE FUCKING NUKEM..
0,14yep
i stll cant tell if hes a boy or guy
0,14Leeron is a guy
"A SKULL"
Skulll
ValtheJean: did you ever even plan to stream code geass?
Skull of my mother!
SKUUUUUUUUULL
Leeron.. all of my wubs <3
ValtheJean: or was it your usual trollish self :P
Hai Lyra
Bai lyra
STOP SNIFFING HIS ASS
SKULL henshin "Saa Omae no tsumio kazoero..."
2,14 I had it all set up and everything
2,14 but now I have something else prepared
but then we took an accident to the city
May I suggest we watch G4 ponies after this?
6_9
inb4 Worlds Biggest Tea Party
Hai
2,14 you want G4 ponies do you?
May I suggest a glass of NO Biglaw
You can look it up on Youtube? What's stopping you lol
oh god......................
Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
No we don't
0,14Biglaw, NOOOOOOOO
no
no we Don't
please god no
yeah
/me strangles Biglaw
IN FACT I WANT LIVE SHOW
The cartoons of G4 ponies
And if you complain, he'll show G3
No.WE.DOn"T
:'(
11,01Don't ask for G4 ponies.
And if he shows G3, I'll STRANGLE YA!
well fuck
you know what, just don't ask for anything.
Can i ask for G3.6 then ?
okay...
....Shush.
Me no want G4 ponies. Because I know what Val will do.
WHen your FEELING-WHEN YOUR DANCING ON THE CIELING :D
This stream needs more ponies *trollface*
Wait, if G4 is like this, imagine G5!!!
...Her dad is a skull
......stop talking!
i cant tell if the girl is atracted to kamina
okay...
Nittany_Discord: we have to be specific. If we don't specify G4, he shows earlier generations. If we don't specify the cartoons, he gives us the live show.
WHATS THAT
XD Dirty water.
lol
lyra almost got hit by the hammer
can I suggest 2 Best Sisters Play Portal 2 after this? *fluttershy voice* that is...if you want to...:$
That's what few said about G2. "Wait, if G2 is like this, imagine G3!!!" And pretty much they are crying in their sleep even up to this date :P
/me giggles.
"Get your opnions to your pocket!"
0,14WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK I AM
inb4 G5 is worse than G3.5
a mod?
still a mod?
is he going
MODOK!
sexy?
spin on
My friend would be blinded by the shine
RAPE
SCREW it in
And by polishing, he means lubricating.
oh god >.<
....
a twist?
LOL!!!!
what the crap
Oh GOD LOL
awwwww yeeeaahhhh
how do you twist..
I like this guy
Wow, that scene...
0,14LYRA IS A GUNMAN
WTF
he played the guards
He even said "Bang" in it :P
the power of anger!
DeadlyPon3: he does a LOT of video game voicework.
13http://i.imgur.com/lNfb7.gif
ITS THEM- ive heard that so often from that VA
MY PARENTS ARE DEAAAAAAAAD
0,14HNGGGGGGGGGGGGGH
Shizuka: THE CUTE!
/me screams!
dat rage
and then he became batman
/me squeals quietly
Oh shit, something's gonna go down/
Oh wait, it's just a face >.>
It's a major MODOK
BECAUSE GUNS WORKED SO WELL THE FIRST FUCKING TIME
Now what did the engy say about faces again?
Litwick: they did if you watched
Litwick: blew one up, damaged teh other badly
Plans never work beautifully
Bye bronystate, gonna go HoN, thanks for making me want to watch gurren lagan :D
bye Barrel_of_Fun take care
nice comeback......
/me noms otakon
why did you nom me?
GET THOSE ASS HOLES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I like nomming
:D
Oh Hai all. New Vegas? Me thinks so!
Also, Is the stream up?
Jaketehsnake: um......it's Gurren Lagann refresh
Hello bronystate :D
Who is streaming? Val?
lol
eeyup
http://img860.imageshack.us/img860/6931/1300764063260.jpg LOL (Warning: Langauge)
hahahaha
... What? >.>
2,14 the pony in the corner is a dead give away :P
"nyeah, Nyeah, NYEAH"
o_O
ValtheJean, I saw caramel and guess you :P
Didn't know Yosuke had a brother :p
Talk to the hand? o3o
no humans allowed
Who?
they think he's dead......idiots
Hello everypony :$
Man, Big Cheese grew whiny
Hello there.
dundunduuuun
hello TwiilightSparkle
0,14AW YEAH THIS SONG
Today's my birthday :$
0,14happy birthday, TwiilightSparkle
Well, happy birthday!
HAAAPPY BIRTHDAAAAY
happy bday TwiilightSparkle
happy bday
his father
Thank you ^^
Well, that was a easy to circumvent security system :P
Bring Pinkie Pie in. It's someponies birthday!
A very happy birthday TS
"I'm Tripping BALLLS!!!"
somepony's*
We need Pinkie here xD
KICK!
This is your singing birthday, Hope it's really SWELL!
PAWWWNCH
0,14HANDS OFF MY PRECIOUS LITTLE BROTHER PUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNCH
TwiilightSparkle: HAPPY BIRTHDAY TWI
who the hell do you think i am kick
"WHO DO YOU THINK I AM KIIIIICCK!!!!"
XD
"...GRAP!"
PULL IT TOGETHER DRILLLLLLLLLLL
Litwick: NOT YET!
lol
...gone mokuba on that line
EAT THIS!
/me is writing to Princess Celestia
dem MANLY move names
nice dodge
Always think mokuba when anyone says 'big bro"
Kamina <3
look a flying mokuba
lol
ded
shiet ownd
/me is installing The Fallout New Vegas DLC
I love that stock footage explosion
Jaketehsnake: yay
I love how they actually went "Neener neener"
shes hawt...
/me ~Your faithful student, Twilight Sparkle.~
13how many people does blum voice in this show..
:D Moley
0,14just the one
all of them
Shizuka: I think just Leeron
ahh love my new bamboo tablet... i can finally do some real art
0,14Kyle Herbert is Kamina
SaxyPretender: who?
0,14Yuri Lowenthal is Simon
"The moon says hi"
aw, skull, what a nice ending
otakon the dragon ball z narrator
D:
ah Yuri Lowenthal does ALL the young kids
otakon: How in the FUCK do you not know who Kyle Hebert is?
CupcakeWarrior: holy shit that's him?
its his father i kew IT
Didn't you know, SaxyPretender? That the moon's his dad :P
Litwick: sorry, never heard the name before
i was not surprised in the slightest learning the changeling queen had the same voice actor as trixie
It can't be, ITS NOT POSSIBLE!
0,14;___;
....
:O
:'(
Oh my god....
impasbrue
how is it possible?..
yeah, his dad bought it out there
:'(
Nuuuuuuuuuu </3
IMPASABRUUU
13KAMINA
He bought a crop of land :p
DAAAAAAAD
13VS
whatd he buy>
13DAD
lol
2,14 alrighty
MOOOOOOOOOOOM
Moon: Yes son?
2,14 now for some g4 ponies
ValtheJean: PLEASE one more
0,14thanks for this, Val
Val, thank you so much!!!!!!
LIVE SHOW
NOOOO
LOL
No, NO NO!
Dan vs Dad?
TROLOLOLOL
Uh oh
NO PLEASE. NO GEN 4 PONIES.
wait
Troooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooolllll
G4 ponies?
oh god
No ponies at all please!
Dan VS Dan
OH GOD
/me cries and sobs
yeah1!!!
/me runs out the room
...Oh lord XD
heh
0,14TROLOLOLOL
XD
Spiderman
Oh...
oh this ill take
Going to bed. Gn everypony
LOL
Oh thank god.
buck you i do what i want
night Airpuff
/me dances
aw, i wanted live show
oh... its all clear
Night
/me 13would like to share possible new intermission audio with everyone
Fuck you, i do what i want
XD
i like dis song ~
Spiderman is part of my birthday? IM COOL WIT THAT.
also, goddammit Wrek bot
/me circles around in desk
:p
Shizuka: I would love to hear it!
This is what derpy did in school :p
ooh i wanna hear Shizuka :D
0,14Shizuka, just for go for it!
2,14 ANYWAYS
ValtheJean: you hear Shizuka?
&0's spidy is best spidy
2,14 since I can't stream it live, have a pre-recording
Shizuka: jack the stream!
Ah, Catgroove.
how about 2 Best Sisters Play Portal 2? if ya want to...:$
13http://soundcloud.com/kamishizuka/intermission-preview
Pre-recording? Of what?
Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann
that'll work
...OH MY GOSH.
HELL YEAH!
0,14YESSSSSSSSS
0,14SUPA
The game!
the game?
INAZUMA KICKU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0,14INAZUMA
Game.
0,14KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICK
Super Robot Taisen gaaaaaaaaaaaaaame <3
11,01Z!
Ahh.
Nice Shizuka
dufuq
SUPER ROBOT TAISEN Z! to be exact
/me sees Caramel sleeping
0,14GIGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
0,14DRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIL
...Needs more yosuke
I need to play these games ;3;
Calm down Saxy
SaxyPretender: not yet
IMPOSSIBLE!
Booooom!
He sploded
TWICE
can you DO THAT!?
19005!
can you explode twice?!
THREE TIMES
11,01Robots and explosions!
Hex: that's a LOW number in this game
2,14 actually it's incredibly high
lol it just deflated
11,01Z!
I don't even know the game.
/me BlushingCanary
OOPS
ice cream cones?
/me 11,01hugs BlushingCanary
ValtheJean: well maybe in this one, but I've seen amounts in the range of 50K before in one attack
he went by a different name :D
2,14 if it was 50k, it was a cutscene
0,14HERE WE GO
GIGA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DRILL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2,14 because the attacks just don't go that high
0,14HISATU, GIGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
BREAK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0,14DRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIlLLLLL
0,14BREAKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEER
/me wears a birthday hat
inb4 double kick
...Look at that partah hat
13does barely more damage than the previous attacks
ValtheJean: well like I said maybe not this game
and now, THE TEAMUP!
The power of spirals: They are magic
ALL AT ONCE!
lyra coming in for the attack
11,01One of DCD's fav games.
Nittany_Discord: goddamit I wish I had it
http://img690.imageshack.us/img690/3063/1313916683551.png
HELL YEAH!
Dat critical.
NIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICE
what
13loud noises
Overkill?
I think nuclear war happened :p
11,01Overkill.
the only kill IS overkill
Overkill. A standard in Super Robot games.
0,14oh man
0,14I AM SO OKAY WITH THIS
BlushingCanary: one of the BEST standards
Dat skaeboarting
Hm, what's this?
0,14EUREKA 7
what the hell was that?
...Eureka Seven? o3o
Gotta love it.
Evening, everypony! How are you all tonight?
...Dat Mecha Skateboarding :D
0,14doing well, Sylandest
too bad i have to go to bed
oh ive seen this
Same. Night everypony.
night Litwick take care
hi Sylandest I'm pretty good, except I habve no idea what I'm looking at
*have
Whoa whats this?
0,14later Litwick and Hex
0,14this is Eureka 7
Ryanier128: You are observing a wonderful show, thats what. its worth your time
0,14for anyone curious
...I'm going to listen to LaserTime :P
0,14it's a great show
Latas :D
extreme skysurfing
everypony's leaving? I just got here!
SaxyPretender: has your day been good for you?
Shizuka: I like the way the new intermission music is shaping up
/me mutes
man i remember watching Eureka 7 from start to finish :'( good times
CupcakeWarrior: oh hush and enjoy
13if it meets with popular approval, that's the final mix, all that's left is video
CupcakeWarrior: Im sorry, but that's kind of stupid.
I nearly fangasmed from By the Bay XD I love that song
...Hey, Shizuka ever heard of Arashi Ni Orya Ni?
I wish i still had Sim City 4 though :(
I aprove of the intermission music
I have NO idea what is going on
well im off 2 bed cya later Everypony :)
night, Sketch_Toku_Brony
night Sketch_Toku_Brony sleep well
night sketch
me neither otakon, I just threw on the radio and tuned into a local Brony radio station
lol dat Lyra
Shizuka :O!
13nope
yes, there is a local Brony radio station where I am
Arash ni No Yari i!
no I don't think so
it's about a goat and wolf getting along
mondays suck :(
okay WHY can't we see this mom's face?
...in a very gay way :P?
DeadlyPon3: wait what?
13yeah no..
It's good
It's a anime thing
2,14 otakon: in your own words- just enjoy the stream
Valthejean latas
ValtheJean: I'm trying but I'm already lost
The game?
argh! Why can't I get into this show!?
so, lemme get this straight. This is a world where people surf on flying skateboards.
The hell is a wave for one thing
/me is utterly confused
BY CELESTIA'S BEARD! https://camo.team9000.net/41ab1d22fa7dcc257cc449e3d39c5632261dbf71/75726c3d68747470253341253246253246617263682e3431336368616e2e6e657425324642795f43656c6573746961253237735f42656172642d2532386e313330333438313537343532302532392e706e67
Ryanier128: give it time, it will all be explained
DMAN!
thanks Sylandest
Those numbers! They burn!
By Celestia's Beard that LINK
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-use-your-magic-twilight.jpg
Ryanier128: when i first watched it, i had the same reaction. but it will all make sense in time
/me tunes back into the local Brony radio station
Adroc Thruston saved the world from the "Summer of Love"?
yay, school's out!
LOL
do they explain WHAT the Summer of Love was?
lol @ twilight_sprinkle
2,14 later -_-
13wasn't it 1969
twilight_sprinkle: my thought later
falcon punch
ValtheJean: okay sorry I'll stop saying how confused I am
^
i enjoy complicated plots, too bad im too busy to watch the show properly :(
Preach it Val.
otakon you remind me of my Brony Initiation days. They were the best of times, and . . . aww, buck it, it wasn't pretty
Consperisy theory time! http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-nasa-is-just-a-cover.jpg
ValtheJean: it's just they don't even explain the stuff the KIDS in the universe know already. They throw terms and jargon at us immediately with no explanation on their significance. That's all I'll say about it and I'm trying to enjoy the show.
2,14 no see, the kids DON'T know it
2,14 that's the point
2,14 he's a kid
ValtheJean: the kids know what a LFO is
2,14 he finds out a lot about this stuff as you do
yeah I see that
Trixie's real talent: http://img.ponibooru.org/images/af/af2a6e97c3653dc6fbe374da115805d8
2,14 what, you can't just realize that when they say "LFO" when talking about big giant robots, that's what they're refering to?
troll military
A question I've been wondering but never had the time to ask: http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-marescotch.jpg
How does that work?
thas MY base! get off mah property, SOLDIER FAGS
I know how he feels
ValtheJean: yeah but I'd like to know what LFO actually means since it's clearly an acronym.
2,14 Light Flying Object -_-
2,14 it's a military term
it's an object that's light and flies, duh!
11.•10«11WB10 (Aurora10) 11WB10»11•. 10- MY MILKSHAKES BRING ALL THE B-
02*WB03(Aurora03)02WB* - <Aurora> 06I acknowledge I have issues, I am ok with it
Sometimes I feel like Im the only one who prefers dubs
they couldn't have just said that once? when do they actually call a LFO by it's actual name in the show? Please tell me :)
2,14 yes
seems legit
2,14 and even if they didn't, that's a terribly lame excuse to dislike the show
oh otakon...
how does one become a hero after he dies?
ValtheJean: oh no, I never said I dislike the show. It's just I had trouble keeping up with the myriad of names.
Ryanier128: posthumousrly
dat snort
snort
lfo
and there goes your house
lol
well, there you go. An LFO is a skateboard that lets you surf air.
seems legit
Ryanier128: thats...kinda it. but not quite, lol
they were told to get insurance against gian robots, but noooooo
For a second I thought he said elephant
yeah, no one EVER expects a giant robot to crash on their house
Oh. I thought the LFO is the robot that rides the surf-board.
Also, our love intersest everyone
"her"?
Forget Logic Twilight... Forget. Logi- The reason why that crashes was maybe it got out of control or it was an accident.
Ryanier128: same deal with referring to ships as "she" probably
otakon: beat me to it, lol
lol
I see otakon . . .
Hey Sylandest, Today's my birthday *squee*
Damn, Rentons dad was ROCKING the 'stache
^
TwiilightSparkle: Happy Birthday! *gives hug and swings you about*
wait, the robot is the LFO now?!?
Thank you ^^
TwiilightSparkle: What do you plan to do?
Ryanier128: it can transform
Sylandest: I dont know actually My friends said it's a surprise or something.
happy birthday TwiilightSparkle
scub slate?
otakon you you cunfuzzle me further
She's puuuurty :3
TwiilightSparkle: A surprise is always fun! I'm glad your friends are willing to put such effort for you!
Ryanier128: just wait it gets more befuddling
Sylandest: :$
I wish they had a squee emote for each pony.
Okay so humans can't control a LFO without a Compac Drive
will it all right
first episode?
first ep
that's reassuring otakon
TwiilightSparkle: that would make the emotes 10 times more adorable, lol
http://img855.imageshack.us/img855/5843/cracklefriendshipismagi.png
XD
Lemons: too much man
lol
hopfully thats the pony crackle
11,01Ooh. Eureka 7.
Nittany_Discord: eeyup! where have you been?
/me sets up a funeral for his Clikes or whatever he said
TwiilightSparkle: lol! :D
Lemons that is not appropriate.
11,01Shower.
Nittany_Discord: well at least your clean now.
Your welcome.
11,01I am.
it smells awful
*squee*
Okay, WHY does Holland hate Renton's mom?
Nittany in the shower? o//o
/me has returned from bleaching his eyes
Ryanier128: wb
TwiilightSparkle: too adorable! XD lol
2,14 Otakon...watch the damn show before I start to smack you -_-
Sylandest: lol
otakon: ?
ValtheJean: lol okay okay :P
LOL
Also, that chick would NOT fit in with Team Gurren
/me has returned from bleeding his anus
and then missiles oh crap
-_-
The RT podcast :3
Lemons: you want to get kicked don't you?
Gramps got Cramps
i meant to say bleaching
wtf??
thats not much better lol
Lemons please stop. What you have done is innapropriate
TwiilightSparkle: he can't handle giant robots. most elder figures cant...lol
Sylandest: xD
Oh yes, this is so natural.
well, lemons is gone
troll?
well that was disturbing
I liked that guy
Digitalis: ikr?
xD
ValtheJean: I think you would like Earth SOS now that I think about it.
2,14 never heard of it
TwiilightSparkle: I remember the firs ttime i saw this, i just had this confused look on my face...now that im half asleep...i still have it XD
*first
ValtheJean: I could of figured
You know whats weird? I still remember a phone number I saw on someone's truck for like 5 seconds xD
yawn
ValtheJean: it's a anime OVA based kind of like off of the old 50's flying saucer movies. It's pretty good
That chrono trigger
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAW
sup guys
I wish you wouldn't stop the ED songs
TwiilightSparkle: was it a big number? lol
0_0
Is it wrong that I love the look on Pinkies face when she says "She's GOOOOOD"?
hello CrimsonPhoenix
Sylandest: No, would you like me to say it? xD
this is my jam!
hiya CrimsonPhoenix
Damn that's a good one
dat Pinkie Trigger
Someone should stream a playthrough of Chrono Trigger
TwiilightSparkle: haha, i wont make ya. I wish I could remember things as good as that though
yes otakon, wait, maybe. I don't know, I'm not sure if I saw that . . . probably
2,14 Violet did a while ago
Ranodm phone number I remember seeing on a truck: 856-297-1400 Its for cleaning xD
otakon: SB played it once for about 5 minutes
and I missed it? DAMMIT!
0,14I remember that
2,14 she named Crono Derpy
0,14that was ages ago
DAMMIT DAMMIT DAMMIT!
TwiilightSparkle: haha!
lol
/me kicks himself for missing it
And that's you random fact of the day.
0,14she wanted to name everyone Derpy XD
TwiilightSparkle: *writes down in tiny book of random facts*
SaxyPretender: why not Zoidberg?:P
...And now I remember Oregon Trail.
Sylandest: xD
BlushingCanary: I blame sxyprntndr
:D
XD
Oh, this is on Crunchyroll?
I still wish to see Wakfu in here ;)
D:
Oh I thought that said BRONIES
But it said BONES
CrimsonPhoenix: I have no idea what that is but I keep hearing about it
compact drives ftw!
It's a great show
as well as a free mmo rpg
2,14 yeah, I have a crunchy roll account
She stares into your soal..
2,14 it's a shame they don't have all the anime I'd like to watch
CrimsonPhoenix: anyplace i can catch the first few eps?
If it WAS Bronies then Derpy would be hidden somewhere in every episode
ValtheJean: have you tried Crackle? It's got a couple on it
2,14 no I haven't
ValtheJean: it's free too, plus it has movies
I keep hearing and seeing things that sound like brony stuff
For example I thought I just heard the theme say brohoof xD
11,02Dat ValtheJean
dat SuperBrony64
A mischievious person on another IRC once said that playing FFVII and naming all the guys Sephiroth and all the girls Jenova makes it extraordinarily confusing.
SHOW HER FACE DAMMIT!
Sylandest: They need a brony TV show
11,02O.O
Kandarihu: dear lord
Hey SB64 : D
I said "anypony" in public accidentally and got brohoofed by 3 random guys I didn't know. So awesome.
SuperBrony64: one of these days we're going to have to have a brawl rematch :D
TwiilightSparkle: one day, we'll have it, lol. It will come. We have almost everything else
Ryanier128: xD and lucky
I CAN FLYYYYYYYYYY
Sylandest: Yup xD
/me hugs SuperBrony64
/me can't fly
11,02MakerDusk: You're on :3
Sky fish?
the HELL those are "fish"
XD
Hiya SuperBrony64! Do you liek Roosterteeth?
dat sky...fish?
0,14well, I think I'm out for tonight
This is SO natural.
although I will admit the music is pretty goo
11,02Biglaw: They're cool, but my friend is a huge fan of them :D
Night Saxy
/me Reciprocates the hug
11,02Night SaxyPretender ^-^
Take care, SaxyPretender
/me hugs SaxyPretender
seeya SaxyPretender
0,14good night, everyone, enjoy the stream!
/me hugs everyone
Nught SaxyPretender
Flying fish and flying people zapping lazers. Yup, So normal.
'ngiht SaxyPretender
:D
Night saxy
Night Saxy!
night SaxyPretender sleep well
I liek hugs :3
SaxyPretender: I blame you :)
TwiilightSparkle: *nods* I see this every day. don't you?
/me hugz SuperBrony64 :)
11,02MyBodyIsReady:
11,02ME TOO :D
/me hugs DaringDude back :3
Sylandest: Yea, and I see upside down trees and chocolate rain
hey SB
*hugs SuperBrony64* I still don't know how to do the emote thing >.>
TwiilightSparkle: Precisely! :D
11,02Hai MahBoi777 :D/
11,02MyBodyIsReady: Emote thing O.O?
dat MahBoi777
welp so much for that
hey DaringDude!
The power lives within you bo- or not.
lol
2,14 out of curiosity
2,14 do you folks like WoW?
Heya :D
Nnnope
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/3679894/780315%20-%20Applejack%20Friendship_is_magic%20My_Little_Pony%20Spike%20Torins-Angel%20big_macintosh.jpg
lol nothing xD
TwiilightSparkle: oh come now, we never kill a main character the 2nd episode in, lol
hot
XD
WoW?
ValtheJean: I thought I would like playing it, but I like the machinima's of it
11,02World of Warcraft
dat troll
I used to play WoW
11,02Yesh ^-^
ohhhh
I've never played it ValtheJean, so I don't know
Sylandest: One day they will xD
2,14 because after this I'll have to do a few random bgs on my characters, and if you guys like WoW I'll stream it. If not, I'll just hand the stream over
ValtheJean: I've been playing for 5 years, so yes
GREAT CELESTIA
kick Scrotum he is parasprite
Dat booger
ValtheJean: no stream it man, also kick Scrotum
11,02Val
:3 Dat SB64
Kick the pony who posted that link!
i'm fine with WoW
11,02I demand ponies :I
SB NOO
I am SO glad I did not look
2,14 I went to take a piss, what happened?
http://dl.dropbox.com/u/3679894/780315%20-%20Applejack%20Friendship_is_magic%20My_Little_Pony%20Spike%20Torins-Angel%20big_macintosh.jpg
SuperBrony64: DO NOT DEMAND PONIES
NO
Yo gramps got a Frap attack
it's a bot
TwiilightSparkle: Maybe, but then there will be 26 episodes explaining why it was done, lol
THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST
don't follow it!
dont clikc it
Sylandest: xD yup
holy shit I wish I had NOT clicked on that link
It's a DIRTY TRAP!
Mods plz boot?
whoops
DaringDude: these names >_(\
WHY did you click it?
That kick
it's from a guy called SCROTUM
yes, I clicked the link
you never know
MahBoi777: ikr waasnt it lettucewraps last time who did this right?
/me facepalms
I was curious ;_;
yes I used /kill
same pics too
11,02Wow Scrotum, you picked a bad time to post that garbage :P
MakerDusk: good
And your falling again.
How nice.
DaringDude: yes it was
TwiilightSparkle: wait for it...he will suddenly pilot it with awesomeness
oh silly people, don't click on links
SuperBrony64: Im sorry you had to see that
it'll save your life <3
SuperBrony64: he's not the first, someone called Lemons was on earlier with inappropriate stuff
wait MakerDusk who are you?
especially from a name like dat
Okay, won't click on links
:D
otakon: inb4 same person
Is that my classmate?
JRP2234: he's a IRCcop
correct MahBoi777 xD
11,02>golden-time.html O U FUNNY DARI
ded? HE BETTER BE.
JRP2234: what makes you think I'm anything special o_o;
ok
I only follow links from mods and TheRainbowDash, but she isn't here
Pillars of Salt int he LFO's?
stoner XD
just wonding how you /kill ed him
DaringDude: that's his NAME
11,01golden-SuperBrony64
what a great name
lol;
JRP2234: technically I'm of high rank
who is this "Holland" guy?
:I
Lyra like to appear at the most terrible moments
MakerDusk ok
Ryanier128: ex special forces gone awol
TwiilightSparkle: you mean the BEST moments
YES! he's ded! lol nah kiddin
thx MakerDusk
ooo i liek dis already
np
^_^
hi everypony im back :) so tell me what did you think of my first pony IRL pic????
I'm not dead you idiot
lol
wb cachi01 you thankfully missed the trolles
lulz
Why is that so normal?
LL-L4D2
otakon: wut tolls?
TwiilightSparkle: anime. it just is.
cachi01: yeah
this looks interesting
taking a break from SH2? :P
you missed an oh so lovely link
KLF?
Sylandest: Yup. Anime.
hey guys
cachi01 you do not want to know
hey dentidiot
Seven Swell Effect?
R34?
Hey dentidiot today's my b-day ^^
wb cachi01
happy bd
TwiilightSparkle: *nods* in fact, if an entire episode was completely normal, with no out of the way effects or events...it would be a very very odd show
Biglaw: i want to know NAAAAAU
otakon: that sonic rainboom type thing
cachi01: yeah it was R34
:P
MakerDusk: ah
Sylandest: Yes indeed.
what is this?
dentidiot: it's Eureka 7
ok
well i forgot about this
dentidiot: ITS UR DENTIST MUAHA
oh man cachi01 you missed a serious dose of Rule34 hell
otakon x dentidiot
this was my first anime
wat?
no shipping!
UGH
ok sorry xd
nah im kiddin xD
Ryanier128: HOW MUCH?
MakerDusk: wow, mine was Voltron and Macron 1 along with Project A-Ko as my first real movie
Alright, im off to bed, everypony. Classes and whatnot again tomorrow. Long day for me. I'll see you all tomorrow. :)
night Sylandest sleep well
bye sly
Yea me too night Sylandest
bye sly!
TwiilightSparkle: hope you enjoy your b-day!
bye twi
....
oh mah gawd, if only FlareChaser was on
my name's not sly....
see ya Sylandest!
>_<
cachi01 one pic from Rule34 is enough to kill a Brony, but I was around for 3
MahBoi777: you missed them
sorry my mistake i know its syl
Ryanier128: :O
MakerDusk: I can do it for the most part
02wb Aurora
otakon: same here XD
hehehe, no worries, dentidiot, cachi01
night all!
wow, he is STILL smiling
otakon: darn, had the perfect pic for him too http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3a0thmMCn1r5fdupo1_1280.jpg
*poke*
MahBoi777: lol dat FACE
Well, Im off for the night
IKR
otakon: well duh, he pulled off a cutback drop turn
Thank you so much for streaming Val <3
Night Canary
night BlushingCanary sleep well dear and take care
Have a great day/night everyone <3
2,14 you are very welcome. Hope you enjoyed
gnight BlushingCanary
woops
cachi01 I know. I'm only going to follow pics from bronies I trust, like mods and TheRainbowDash
Bye ClushingCanary!
Thanks val
Ryanier128: just look for odd nicks from now on
oh noes he woke up becuase i kept poking him
Bye BlushingCanary!*
Bye!
bye blush
Goodnight canary
Okay, now I want to know what Holland did to Gramps
hhhhiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
2,14 otakon: why would you ask? That's just inviting people to spoil it for you
otakon: spoiler alert: worked on the nirvash
hey LauraP
GODDAMMIT!
ValtheJean: you know my weakness!
I was hoping NOT to be spoiled!
oh damn my hubris!
lol
and also wuts this <---------
[/sarcasm]
er maybe the irl pic to be a little clearer if anything
LauraP hello to you aswell. You missed some Rule34 links. bless your soul
cachi01: it's Eureka 7
hello LauraP
okkkkk never heard of it
02thanks
I think I'm going to full screen this and chill
lol best spy
'later
8 days until my semester ends! I am elated LD
:D
also we STILL don't see what the mom looks like or why Holland hates her.
dentidiot: ok thx
but if you know do NOT spoil it for me dammit!
LauraP you are very lucky...
please?
MakerDusk: sounds like a plan, lol
otakon: that's why I'm going afk XD
SO-SORETE!
anybody here Canadian?
My school year ends in about 9 weeks :D
/me can't help himself
Ryanier128: I am
Ryanier128: Dermathil is
Ryabier128 Yep!
03jeez, you're that desporate for attention? :P
soooooohaaaaaa
robit why you no move
Yaaay Canadian Bronies!
MakerDusk: your okay man it was one slip up
MISAILES SHUTARATE
Awesome! I live in B.C.
ontario
suddenly hug?
hmmmm
inb4 inb4
shiny
hug power?
sparkle sparkle sparkle!
Smile Smile Smile!
coming from the guy with the radio show
sparkle sparkle
guy from anime just earned the power of love?
SPARKLE SPARKLE SPARKLE MOTHERBUCKER!
inb4ception of some sort
MahBoi777: yeah
lol
:'( okay
rated R for Radio
MyBodyIsReady and otakon you watch TGWTG?
woo well done otakon
03why do you feel the need to make fun of me for that Umbreon
i'm not making fun
i'm just poking fun at it
Ryanier128: hell yes, proceed and DEAR GOD TASTE TEH RAINBOW MOTHERBUCKER!
03but you keep bringing it up
03LOL
i watch the nostalgia critic
well everypony, I think I am going to go to sleep.
otakon: told you it was the sonic rainboom type thing
it's an easy muse
XD
IMPOSSIBRU
BAKANA!
dat rainbow
gnight Biglaw! sleep well
double rainbow
Fry The Coke
night Biglaw take care
03I stopped making fun of you for liking Drowning Pol
03*Pool
notice how it's always impossible
It must be friendship!
Biglaw: night trains are your friends remember :)
Ryanier128: proceed~
DaringDude: it's love
sometimes.....
daww
DaringDude: It all makes sense now!
Brohooves for all! and to all a good night! /)/)/)/)
however its pretty :3
So, it's not a sonic rainboom, then?
that's because it's irrelevant now :P
ok... I'm going away from the keyboard now
i hardly listen to them.
Goodnight biglaw
trapar?
GUY FROM ANIME JUST EARNED THE POWER OF LOVE
11,02I'm not that golden ;~;
before I do anymore damage
03I can still make fun of you though
03:P
i suppose
loving the sp ref
<3
touche
SuperBrony64: ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/86386
damn
it evolved!
cachi01: loving the scott pilgram reference XD
otakon proceed with what? The last thing I said was Fry The Coke. I have nothing to proceed
Well, thats enough video games for tnoight. Good night all!
02[23:08] thanks
02?
gnight Jaketehsnake take care
MakerDusk: dentidiot lol
touché*
Ryanier128: you don't remember the Titanic animated movie review do you?
/me takes a shot of Jager
i do
WOW ANIMATED MOVIE? WUT
Two of them
watch the review
ooooh i remember the one of the future right?''
cachi01: yeah they are hilarious
o-o
Rapping dog is best dog
no it aint!
So.......Seven Swell=Super Saiyan for robots?
wuh
otakon OH!! Rapping dog? Species-ist mice? A guy addicted to a glove?
02How was Umbreon desporate for attention
02?
03no
03I mean YOU were
yes
he's referring to you
03by quitting and rejoining so people would WB you
02oh
Ryanier128: yeah and the giant bottle of Jager
for quitting only to join back for the wb message
robotic super saiyans oh boi
trolling troll is troll
robot wars time?
if he was truly desperate though he would have used the !pipe command
otakon that was just awesome
dat blush
Also, in the english dub Holland is done by guess who.
she wants him go kid go
Don't stop the ED
I feel like I've heard that name before
now just hit her up on facebook and text her a lil bit and shes as good as yours
02um, I did that adjust my mIRC options
intermisssion?
DAT WUT?
woah suddenly music
dat rainbow tylenol
02to adjust*
instant pony
03whatever you say :P
*googles* lolololololol
with the radio comment
so many colours :3
MahBoi777: Spike Spiegel and countless othe voice roles he has done. Also, Wolverine from X-Men Legends
brb need a drink
ValtheJean: I really wish you wouldn't cut out the ED of shows. I want to see them.
woah
This sound familiar . . .
expect me to be gone for awhile tuesday
02if I wanted attention I'd just call you a dumb face drf
i cant remember the tune either
And people were worried about Pokemon episodes possiblyu causing seziures.
2,14 Kandarihu: Fine. I'll show the end of the shows once each stream. Sound fair?
/me runs
12 hour day at college
Why do you cut them out?
it's definitely 8-bit, but that's a deaad giveaway
so will WoW be streamed?
2,14 because most people don't like credits
03Umbreon I pulled an all nighter :P
2,14 yeah, we'll see if you guys like WoW
at college?
I like credits.
03yes
damn, i g2g to bed...
aka Renard Quinston
Alrighty :D
03I live at colelge
03*college
pff
maybe ill watch a bit more
02okay then, tell me how you adjust mIRC options without quiting?
03the dorms are across the street
03LOL
i actually have classes
AKA Lapfoxtrax
03simple
is streamer taking requests-????
03you just click the OK button
03derp
ValtheJean my drafting teacher is a Warhammer nerd, like, omfg
wow???????? O_O *flashback*
i just know it has me worried
My mom ALWAYS likes hearing the ED song to Red Dwarf. And I always like hearing the ED song to anime series. It's as much a part of the show as the OP
cachi01: nope he's streaming WOW
i only played WOTLK
/me remembers panda orgy
ahem WoW
to walk around downtown at 9PM
XD
02all the boxes become grey unless you quit
and tbc
If you stream WoW, you should stream some toon doing the Children's Day sequence.
i wonder what catas like
Wow really were streaming Wow
03then adjust them when you're done
srsly cachi01?
Wow
LOL
03problem solved
Ryanier128: yep lol
http://vulpvibe.bandcamp.com/track/rainbow-tylenol
02why wait?
suddenly hoppy Death Knight
Cataclysm, seriously, BROKE MOST OF THE PLANET.
this is the source
I wish it was LoL instead of WoW, but I can live with it
undead rogue? pfffff
I prefer to play LoL
02I won't be done for hours
^^
oh its a worgen
Lol
I knew that voice sounded familiar
cool dragon
the icons SO MANY ICONS!
well im gonna go
And I play almost exclusively Worgen these days, I relate to them.
and AWESOME looking mount man
seeya guys
bye dentidiot!!
bye dentidiot
WoTLK was broken only after the final chapter
bye dentidiot
What's the minimum resolution of this game to fit so many icons in the screen at once?
im train training a train in a train
is the troll gone?
LOL WOW, WoW is so much worse than LoL
cachi01: i herd u liek trains
FlutterShy12: which one?:P
02then add a new rule: You better not quit then re join to adjust mIRC options.
03no
DaringDude: u hear well my friend :)
LoL= league of legends
FlutterShy12: yes..........but you weren't here for that........
LoL is just one map :|
SPY!
Which server, BTW?
03dude why are you turning this intl an argument
SPY!
he was posted a really disgusting picture
a spai?!
2,14 I play on Zuljin
DAT SUMMON
03I was obviously joking in the first place
yeah, a golden dragon flies into some place I guess to be a store, transforms into some . . . creature and nobody questions it. I know nothing about WoW
cachi01: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHkKJfcBXcw
02Because you’re totally wrong
IF ITS WHAT I THINK IT IS I LOVE YOU
Ryanier128: it's just a day in the life of Azeroth
2,14 hell yes I love strand
the HELL was that?
Ah. Dalaran myself. I'm also something of a compulsive transmogger.
WoW>LoL, no matter how you look at it. its bigger, better, has more variety
IT IS I LOVE YOU DairyCannon
there's a song?! LOL
DaringDude:
LULZ
:D
I LIEK TRAINS
WOWOWOWOOW
I like turtles
dat lyra
03and you couldn't have just said that and been done with it?
02and if I wanted to talk to someone I would have just said hi without quiting
Is this real life?
greetings Commander_Shepard
or is this phantasy?~
/me goes back to listening to the local Brony radio station
hai
mahboi
02:P
welp guys, it's 1:30 so I think I'm gonna go to bed
night all , take care
go to bed!
night otakon :)
seeya otakon
dosvidanya otakun
alright, gnight otakon sleep well
hi
ValtheJean: thanks for the stream man
anyone here?
/quit
02also, I went idle right after re-joining
02so LOL
146 k hp...zomg cata
THE HELL IS GOING ON!?
dat classic rogue escape
PvP. Never got into PvP myself.
mmmmh
I've never played WoW
pvp is my fav part
ded
I need a B movie...
I feel alot like I did before my days of being a Brony when my friend would show me something I had no idea about, like how exactly Luna got herself banished to the moon
wow
well that happened
well, fan-made movie anyway
well that blows
dont like trains?
oh
I LIKE TRAINS
Troll2?
ah what!....i knew i wasnt alone that played WoW :O
owaw is that paly model
02okay, so show me how you change your name without quiting?
02I
looks cool
ride my pinkie pie
02I'll whois you when you're done
LauraP: lulz
DFalaran Server here. Main is a slightly undergeared Hunter-- I can't ever seem to get any heroics completed.
Dalaran.
02:D
lol fail paly
im drawing a sad filly pinkie not wanting to eat her vegtables lol
out of mana
I just never had the money or time to sink into really getting into WoW
/me *snapflash licks MahBoi777 *snapflash
O_o
hey everypony
hoi imjustaderper
I am SOO waiting with bated breath for Mists of Pandaria.
/nick your new name here
03derp
hey imjustaderper
02no, not your nick
DaringDude: awwwww lol
03well
dat resto
03you're implying that any of us care about you enough to even whois you in the first place :P
02the area that says Your Mom
should be dawww tastic
so I just finished downloading all the MLP:FiM songs in orginal, synthesia, and orchestra renditions
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kjK-LzkekCU&feature=fvwrel
I thought otakon was leaving . . . he's still on the chat-list
02that's not the point
/me looks at stream thinking "HOW THE BUCK DOES THE HUD MAKE SENSE"
Ryanier128: yeah I am
rrlgrelkeglkeglkmegklmgerkmgerkml
missing one song
/me facepalm
02You can’t just assume why someone’s quitting and rejoining
one does not simply "leave" bronystate
LauraP: synteshia makes everything harder
03I notice you're still arguing about this
03even thought I thought I said this was pointless?
MahBoi777: they ALWAYS come back
ALWAYS
Mods I got a question
02but you do the same thing :'D
03two wrongs don't make a right
im a mod whats ur question
when are we going to do a MLP marathon :3
im a modder
03and I'm always right anyway so what's your point
/me runs
MahBoi777: true
not a moderator
yes. apparently nopony has bothered posting a synthesia solo of Winter Wrap Up
Off for a while-- laters.
nevar
02well this time I was right
never ever?
03and this time I don't care
NEVA EVA
Well, I'm off to sleep. Goodnight everypony. I'm happy that your happy with WoW twilight_sprinkle . Happy birthday again
nah i kid i dunno
02I don't either, just was saying
02I found that to be a bit obnoxious
MahBoi77 I promised myself I would be here for half-an-hour. I made that promise over 2 hours ago
03I find you a bit obnoxious
:D
jolly good
same here
Ryanier128: i know that feel bro doing essays is hard with this up
preparing for exams is hard too :\
yup i got massive IB math test thats gonna be all day long
yay, achievement
DaringDude: IB?
sooooo glad I'm done with school
achevement unlocked : LEEEEEEEEEROOOOOOY
I hated math
I really should be going to bed soon though. It's 10:30 pm here and I need to be up at 7:00 am tomorrow
International Bacheloriate
o nice
kinda like AP
02yay
See you all tomorrow!
but a lil different
hai everypony
gnight Ryanier128 take it easy
bye ryan!!
02drf finds me to be a bit obnoxious :)
later ryan boy
anyway i g2g too, cyall
hey imjustaderper again
bye everypony
bye twilight_sprinkle!
MahBoi777: darn you remember
11,02CupcakeWarrior: OH MAI O////O
07drf is only thinks he's right cuz he always makes 3 lefts
/me leaves
02LOL
lol I remembah EVERYTHING O_O
Bacon!!!
BACON!
03well
TOAST
03in Michigan sometimes you have to
lol okay with that I am GONE
NOCAB
EGGS
03though it's usually making 3 rights to make a left, same idea :P
mmmmmmm buttered toast
Give him some Beggin' Strips! Dogs don't know they're not bacon!
mmmmmmmmm pink sprinkled train
MahBoi777: ed ed and eddy reference?
edd
ed edd
yeah
:( edd.......
how'd u know?:D
WHYYYYYYYYYYYYY
FUCKING CANCER
i know i corrected myself :P
R.I.P Ed Edd n Eddy TT_TT
hi all.
MahBoi777: because that was my childhood
hi Shibakuzou_WallDives
02Imagine if left was called wrong. “don’t make a wrong turn” “But you just said to make a wrong turn!”
/me runs
DaringDude: same here /)
(\
11,01Pulled my laptop battery out by accident.
but i got scared after the bloody gir
Nittany_Discord: at least you have a battery i can accidently unplug my comp nd lose everything :P
Clipping through walls?
DaringDude: NO WAY SAME HERE
^
11,01Well, my charger plug is bad, so there is less guarantee that I can charge it.
yeeeeahh
so many ,mounts
Once there was a dog with human teeth,and when he opened his mouth a hand cam eout.whoever looked at that hand went crazy
throat is so hoarse from yelling...
Well, nothing lasts forever. Nowadays, it's all on the HUB, right? Ponies, Aquabats, Transformers Prime... what else on The HUB is getting love?
OMG GUYS i learned how to sing nyan cat!!! wanna hear the lyrics?
scary story: check
nyanyanyannyanyanyanyanyanyanyanyanynanyanyanya
O_O
lol
Kandarihu: Dan VS
congrats
Then again, I'm hearing a lot of raving for Avatar: Legend of Korra.
Oh yeah, that too.
it's awesome
good night everypony
and starwberry shortcake :3
gnight scootminer
LULZ its a joke
night scootminer
I wanna see Prometheus and the Avengers badly
The Avengers will be awesome
its out now isnt it
I think so.
not yet
thot it came out May 3rd
YO FLUTTERSHY WANNA PLAY SPIN THE BOTTLE WITH US?
I thought it was out already...
guess not.
i do beleave im on fire
I haven't heard of Prometheus yet
cachi01: ur so random (RD)
i have an idea but its dangerous............
yeah?
NI
NI
spamming: check
john madden
9999999
AEIOU
DAMN THIS AWKARD SILENCE
MahBoi777: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sftuxbvGwiU
lol the moon was hilarious
so, I take it I didnt miss much since Saturday?
i iddent know that Sea Ponies playes Wow
2,14 man....tol barad is fucking EMPTY today...
2,14 usually this place is a massive war zone
NO I DO NOT LOVE THE GROOM IN MY HEART THERE IS NO ROOM!
random quote from mlp song: check
BUT I STILL WANT HIM TO BE ALL MIIIINE
I LIKE TRAINS
insert crazy face
like trains by 1000000000 time : CHECK
DaringDude: whoa, that looks pretty good
i just dont know what went wrong!
quote derpy: check
i know :P i liek sci fi movies
hey RainBowJack!
/me hugs MahBoi777
Im rumbly in my tumbly
quote from childhood show: check
well ima go to bed night everypony :)
/me hugs RainBowJack back
night DaringDude.
YAY
awwww gnight DaringDude! sleep well
:)
zzzz....
goodnight DARINGdUDE!
zzzz
say goodnight to somepony: check
night daring!!!
why am i looking at wow???
pony_8631: because thats what is being streamed?
cuz sea ponies
ahh haaa
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UzsxfO7dBlA&feature=relmfu
post a pony link: check
being cachi01: check
can someone tell me if there is going to be a vid stream on sat mornign at 10 oclock of the hubs pony ep or no?
check something: check
being just a derper: check
check 2 things: check
check 3 things: check
check 4 things: check
*initiate awkward silence*
check the 4th thing: check
what server is this anywho???
check
2,14 zuljin
*10 hours later* check 18273 things: check
blajujujdhdvdyaq swdehuygtfrddfvgbnbvcdsdf
spam: check
I really, genuinely hate exams.
so many people have exams, good luck everyone who has exams, lol
will there be a pony broadcast on sat morning or no?
lol thx
pony_8631: idk
or is that just for new episodes
MahBoi777: It's that time of year again, I suppose.
tru dat
we watch YTPP
and pmv
Has anypony here ever made a plasma speaker before (I have a few questions about mine...)
it got much quieter
hey all whose streaming?
DeathStar isnt here Shane
Val.
much quieter.....maybe I shouild retake grammar
hey Shane377
drf can i has your anydvd keyfile?
Shane377: Val is streaming
03yeah but I'm a but busy atm
sup MahBoi777 have u asked Caillin out yet?
WUT
u know what i mean
has she been on today?
we all kno u <3 caillin
dunno MahBoi777
oh
lol look at the chat
dem 7s
TROOOOOOLLING IN MY SKIIIIIIIIN THIS SPAM THEY WILL MY OWN
our sevens
i kno CupcakeWarrior
ikr* CupcakeWarrior
7s ftw
dat kick
KICK
ain't that a kick in tha head
KICK BUTTOWSKI
yep.
lebowski kick
ded
disaster kick.
ded
Falcon Kick
Val, you died
dat SlurryMoon
2,14 yeah, because I'm in a PM with someone who doesn't understand the concept of common civil conduct
3heheh
uh oh
lulz
11,02Dat SlurryMoon :>
hello SlurryMoon
3Amnesia is fun :3
Hello.
SlurryMoon: alexande has penis......
Val what you mean he called names?
11,01SlurryMoon: is slurry.
SuperBrony64 how has your day been?
3x3
/me hugs SlurryMoon
11,02CupcakeWarrior: Awesome :D since you sent me dat Allie Way pic :3
u know THE HORRORS I WENT THROUGH AFTER ENDING AMNESIA?
:3
lol
o hai SuperBrony64
11,02Hai :D
good afternoon bronystate!
Its night here :3
good afternoon valoreins!
nights here valoreins!!
good evening/morning, valoreins.
Its way to late o'clock here.
it's 12:54 here:P
too^
it it braindead o'clock here.
i just logged on my laptop and suddenly commander shepard says AJ is best pony on EqD :o
WOO same time zone
/me hugs RainBowJack
valoreins: lulz
valoreins that happened to me as well
and 01:54 here.
1:54 here
same
i think
nah its 12
oh MahBoi777 same timeline with me?!
LOL
/me says HI :)
I'm also Central
HI ACS
hi ACS13123.
hey ACS13123
AND
trains are good
PST ftw
trains are magical
ohai ACS13123
im literally only gonna be here for bout half an hour
I'm also going to bed now, night everyone
trains are AWESOME
Ya'll remember the Appolusa episode, right?
night Cobellanez!!
I'm not gonna be on much longer either, my throat and head hurts.
night Cobellanez.
Ya'll remember Pinkie Pie's song?
smile?
I just realized that the troll we had earlier has been on before that
You Gotta Share! You gotta Care!
that one?
ooh yeah
You remember what the ponies said about it?
nope
a paraspite visited here?
http://youtu.be/340tOHe7UFQ?t=1m12s
I couldn't find the original picture.
But that sums it up.
Monfang|lazy dat 2nd related video
What?
CupcakeWarrior: what happend?
Monfang|lazy its a clopfic reading
we can't link vids during stream, just sayin:$
we can
Is it? I didn't notice
rule 3 of bronystate
but we must not
just don't link videos at all.
^^
hi Digitalis.
^^^^
ohai :D
Stream?
You can link when there isnt a stream
ohai Digitalis
I'm confused
hai valoreins
I just wanted to share a picture but I couldn't find it outside of the video
I'm sorry.
http://derpy.me/IREe0
it's okay Monfang|lazy, it's just a rule
its alright Monfang|lazy
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4427/
Shane377: chain rule...
aww yeah
User0: pics are allowed
Shane377: Im okay with this
Shane377: XD
lmao!
Shane377: no, chain rule... function in function...
oh ok lol
walking into that rock
....what is this anyway?
<------ retarded walk is retarded
i have no idea
ACS13123: WoW.
Oh god, I just witnessed an awesome MLPxTTGL thread
ok
WoW never looked fun to me
Shizuka: You haven't taken calculus, have you...
CrimsonPhoenix: Thats a lot of manliness
TTGL CupcakeWarrior ?
13no
OMG OMG FUUUUUUCK
i was eating eggs
I played for a bit then I had to uninstall it :|
AND I FUCKING STEP OVER ONE
who wants to hear a joke about potassium?
K
:3
teehee
lolololol
13terribad joke is terribad
Well played
13and you should feel bad
/me feels bad anyways
Shizuka: someone told me that ur are female? is tha true?
13yes
if so Shizuka cool
mfw people dont know Shizu is a girl
lol
:o
not that it matters...
:o
13they choose not to believe
^
for me
how silly
everyone is an it
Shizuka: you must be made up of Copper and Tellurium
moin
i thought everyone on internets are males :o
o.o
Shizuka: cause ur CuTe
LOL Shizuka
all the good Chemistry jokes Argon.
13bad joke
haha itsfunny
13get off the stage
cause its bad
that was terrible
wow that was horrible....
bwhahahaha!!
LMAO
have u guy never seen bad joke science cat memes?
yup
nope
http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/chemistry-cat
http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/157299
just battling in the background....
oh
ded
LyrA IS PLEASED
Wow
xD
dat PvP
Oh hey everypony didn't see you there xD
02back hurts .-.
hi Polydunami.
http://i.qkme.me/35cdt2.jpg
02I think I'll go to bed now
hey Polydunami!:D
ohai Polydunami
heya Polydunami
02night
So like I said: WoW
yep.
13world of grindcraft
00,10Ewwwwwwwwwwwwww Val plays wow =p
lol hi Sumica
This is Val?
yes
ohai Sumica
2,14 ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwww sumica is all slimey and gross
13world of the-player-is-the-least-important-character-in-the-game craft
Oh my Mica
anyone heard anything new about PSO2?
Hey Sumica, did you hear that Shepard is a brony?
eeeeeewwwwwwww i can't stop the smooze here
00,10hi all
hi Sumica.
/me appears
ohai Sumica
Whoa, dat Phase4
ohai Phase4
13world of go to point a kill n monsters return craft
ohai Phase4
i think Phase4 is a ninja
o.o
00,10My name is commander sheppared and this is my favorit pony on the Stream
Digitalis, Belive it!
Shizuka world of on rails RPG craft
HA
https://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1335849883809.jpg
...
:P
13no that's mass effect
xD
wow i just just looked on to past movies on bronychat i saw that all 3 LOTRs were shown on the same day wow
LOTR marathon
11,01Old town is old.
Lol I remember a day when everyone had phase in their name:P
00,10Protip, guild summon is fun to troll guildies with
why did i think i could hear the final hours theme from TLOZ:MM
It's forty minutes from midnight here :O
O.O
dat Lyra
Polydunami: dat west coast.
Dawn of the Third Day
I know right :)
~24 Hours Remain~
24 hours remain
:3
Hello everypony
I'm on the other end (timezone wise).
hello BronyinJapan
DairyCannon: DAMN i was going to write that
xd
i never actually played that to the first temple....ever...
Kon'nichiwa BronyinJapan
hi BronyinJapan.
Polydunami: racist
Polydunami: kidding
Wait, I can type in Japanese
hi bronyintrains i like japan :)
:D
?
lulz
13world of slow travel craft
fail cachi01 lolz
i c wut u did thar
cachi01: i c wut u did thar
こんにちわ
00,10i see Val is sporting cartargrapher
See?
i like trains too...
Moonspeak is scary
THEN BROHOOF MAN
2,14 world of shizu I'm in like 7 pms right now so trying to do things I don't have to manage much :P
/)
2,14 also no, it's carbonite
(\
(
(\
whos streaming?
(\
13world of not actually playing craft
world of lagcraft
lolol: Val
so many hoofs lulz
lol
My brohoof didn't show
What the heck?
xd
press space
then do your brohoof
00,10The joys of archoligy
Fly away
/)
I know, I didn't actually do it
(\
/)
(\
/)
00,10I gave that up after i got the recpie for the dragon
13point cursors at each other and click until one of you dies
lol
ValtheJean: your mount is nice, but is it cresent fresh?
it's so hard
13can you tell i really didn't get a good impression from wow >>
apparently.
dafuq was dat noise
looks so complicated
Wow :|
13>keys for quick access to spells/skills
13>have a hundred of them
no i mean the singing
MahBoi777: it really isnt
P for spells!
Hooray for finding websites about puns!
P for Peanut butter
P for ponies
J is for Jelly.......me gusta
13world of UI craft
Too many things to do at once makes Polydunami a poor boy
C for Cookies
whats with your UI its...its sooo crowded!
it's too much!
00,10Silly val going bear form to kill
/me jumps out window
/me saves MahBoi777
2,14 silly sumi, my bear looks kickass :P
/me force pulls MahBoi777 back i'n
Lol
he's a bear :(
00,10my cat form is on fire
What level are you Val?
13neither of you have pony forms
13therefore your arguments are invalid
2,14 your cat form can kiss my bear forms non-flaming ass
00,10way to thro that in my face Shizuka
Oh shnap
RDG ValtheJean
2,14 I have a sea pony
yay :D
Shizuka: but pinkie is my friend!!! she is in my house all the time!
00,10me too
13does it say shoo be doo?
is ValtheJean a heala?
Lol
00,10sad thing is I was a tank so I rarly got to use cat form
TANK
I have a purple unicorn pony :3
shoo be doo sh-shoo be doo
So do I
what is that?!
WIPE
I liek poniez of all colours
00,10my pug is deaaaaaaaaaad
did he ded?
so, warcraft
a world of it
*sigh*
00,10wipe on first pull this has the earmarks of a wining run
2,14 ikr?
ValtheJean, why do you have a leading space on every post?
13what could possibly go wrong
2,14 because it's proper grammar
lol
Shizuka: Exactly
00,10man defalt UI is fugly
13i think this is one of those games for people that like people
and then....
healing this dungeon was always NOT FUN
Don't die
:3
So you dont like people Shizu?
13the problem with mmos is i have no friends
00,10Val your deeps makes me sad =p
/me played wow for about ten minutes before getting bored
13^
^^
lol that bad huh
2,14 I can't dps when the tank keeps losing aggro
why is that tree folowing that dog?
13i made it out of one of the tutorial zones... i think
00,10failadin
13after the tenth "go here kill n monsters and return" quest i gave up
3hm, odd
DONE
tjheres a zombie on your lawn, i cant be the only one that heard that
3I just DC'd
lol
Isnt that all WoW is?
2,14 plus I'm only in leveling blues
That and bosses?
/me hugs Shizu :3
13[01:16] *** SlurryMoon [SlurryMoon@octavias.serenade.of.the.moon] has quit [Read error: Connection reset by peer]
3Thankees
13you DC'd a while ago~
00,10Hunter CC's pali tagets CC to use shield
the silence
00,10this is exactly why they had to offer extra rewards to tanks and sometimes healers to get people to pug more.
Bye everybody (not trying to over complicate the everypony thing :$)
13oh yeah well Creature bat = new Creature(world, 'b', AsciiPanel.brightYellow, "bat", 15, 5, 0);
bye ACS13123!
13see i can speak gibberish too
00,10later ACS13123
bye ACS13123.
See you ACS13123 ;)
Bye :)
6_9
oh bai ACS13123
He already left
Or she
They?
s/he?
lol
he/she/they left
it?
UGH lol
Hmm...
13world of warcraft, thrill at seeing numbers get bigger and bigger without changing the percentages
We are text, so I guess we arent a gender
Who types us out?
genderless u say?
i sell trains and train accesories
I am a Boi, that much is true\
My gender is ambiguous
MAHBOI this train is what all true warriors strive for!
id be playin WoW right now too...but i need ta get more WoW time for it
I am me.
indeed, lol
and me am i!
Wait, I made a big deal about my gender last night :$
I love having no regrets whatsoever sleeping with a pony next to me:D
u did?!:D
:o
I miss everything
I missed it...
dat sudden ending
lol CupcakeWarrior
Somepony asked me if I was a man and if I was gay
00,10woh
lolwut.
Wow, i just got here, and i am seeing "i just mussed it"
missed***
lulz
11.•10«11WB10 (Drake10) 11WB10»11•. 10- As long as you clean up after him then sure
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
Polydunami: Oh wait! I remember that
lol
Yeah
Polydunami: Are you gay as in happy?
2,14 hope you all enjoyed the stream
MahBoi777: who was it?
Night Val
CupcakeWarrior: That much is true
3Alrighty, thanks Val :3
thanks ValtheJean
thanks Val.
3I'll go ahead and take over for a bit
Shane377: I think it was pablez94 or sumthin
11,01Ooh.
3How's Xenoblade Chroncles sound
Oh my
11,01We're going to watch slurry. =p
Oooh, Ive never seen a Slurry stream before
11,02Yay for SlurryMoon stream :D
3Just gime me a minute to set up
11,01What color will it be?
I've never seen a Texan stream before
Thanks for the anime. I have a lead on some good non-bit torrent sources for Gurren Lagann.
13want to stay and watch...
SuperBrony64: can i link a video please
me neither
13so tired..
SuperBrony64 is best lurker
I have to get up early tomorrow
can i link a video please
its something against the h8rs
/me hugs Shizuka
There is no stream so go ahead
fire away
MahBoi777: and other ponies http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MHVxRyi5C0c
/me bursts into flames
take that h8rs
ohai Midnight_Tempest
Shane377: Sounds like cybermen
resistance is futile
show that vid and this pic to h8rs
http://zam.zamimg.com/images/d/2/d2254042e13e64c20d06686322e7c0d7.png
dat zam
anypony on ponysquare????
I am, and so is SB I think
Ponysquare?
facebook for bronies
look up Cup of Soup on youtube, I swear u will be like "dafuq did I just watch?"
I thought about it, but no one is near me.
Oh god
CupcakeWarrior: wuts u name???
lol
I know some of the mods have ponysquare
wuts ur name in ponysquare CupcakeWarrior
13just going to plug and go to bed
13http://soundcloud.com/kamishizuka/intermission-preview
cachi01 Its the same as here iirc
3heheh, sleep well Shizu
still no stream?
k
13be sure to let us know if you think it's good enough to be new intermission audio
gnight Shizuka
bye shizu!
13night
night shizu.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3UQSNE_EkM
nacht Shizu ;)
3warn me if it lags
alrighty
CupcakeWarrior: i already send u request :)
SlurryMoon: what u streaming?
i hear wii
gnight Shibakuzou_WallDives
Slurry has Wii?
i meen Shizuschlafen
Awesome
yaaay
Night Shizuschlafen
poniez
WOOOW
DOLPHIN
/me hugs Shizuschlafen
SlurryMoon: why no homebrew channel
DATS DOLPHIN!! DOLPHIN EMULATOR DETECTED
dat octavia
HAX
3It's my wii
dat Dolphin
3Yers
wait
3I'm using a Dazzle to stream
SlurryMoon: how do you ecord with pc??
ohhh dazzle
Dazzle?
I'm gonna go to sleep, I've had enough of this sore throat.
just buy a hd pvr
dazzlr and MPC
dat yay ping
see you guys tomorrow.
ah, so its not running in dolphin
CupcakeWarrior: a recording thing
gnight Shibakuzou_WallDives, HOPE UR THROAT GETS BETTER
for a moment there i was amazed they got the menu working in an emulator
oops all caps
11,01Night everyone.
SlurryMoon: NO METROID im dissapointed
night Nittany_Discord!!
Night Nittany_Discord
gnight Nittany_Discord
3I gots metroid
Goodnight Nittany_Discord ;)
3I'm just going to play some Xenoblade
3Listen to this muzik
3It's fantastic
cachi01 where do I accept the request?
Oh my, that music
SlurryMoon: Is this all u gonna do
3I'll do other things
there should be a +1 in the icon in a body shape
nice music
3I just want to play this for a bit
can i ask a question about a youtube guy here his channelhttp://www.youtube.com/user/TheMARIZONA181/videos is he a h8 or one of the herd i iz confused?
cachi01 I got it
Shane377, ur link derped
CupcakeWarrior: yay!
11,02I want dis game :3c
http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/170732 So heartbreaking :'(
What game dis be?
try now http://www.youtube.com/user/TheMARIZONA181/featured
Is this game good SB?
3It is most definitely good
Polydunami: dat face :(
Has this any connection to Xenosaga or Xenogears?
Shane377: PERFECT
guys like a great hero said once...... HAI AAAAAGH HIYAAA HAAAA - Link The Hero of Time words of wisdom.... from a wise man ;_;
Is this Xenoblade?
MahBoi777: is he a h8r or one of us?
dari is in this game?
\
weee Xenoblade :D
I've never seen THIS blade before
Shane377: I think he's neutral
kkk <-----
00,10Slury what's with the sound?
I've heard of Soul Blade, but this?
kidding
i remember my bro played this intro and suddenly space ponies turned on this stream and pisses him off :p
And we still have no Ace Attorney Investigations 2 in sight :[
damn
o-o
retreat!
Run away!
Hey everybody!
didn't sign up for this shit, lol
Oh hey DrGNs :)
hey DrGNs
Been awhile, what's this here?
dat flank
Wait what
This is Xenoblade
Xenophone
Right?
3I've got a message that the sound is of low quality
11,02I would love to watch it SlurryMoon, but I'm going to wait until I get the game to play it myself >>
I think ur right Polydunami
3How is it for eveyone else?
it looks fine SlurryMoon
its ... fine? 6_9
It's alright
I want a rotary phone for some reason
lol
well i stole your face........
SlurryMoon don't worry much of what I am going to say since it's fine but if you look to improve your quality, the resolution is odd and the sound is kinda muffled
What a dick
lol
hey guys look at my new dog!!
oh it's an rpg
Mmhmm
cool
Oh that's cool man, wait there's no dog..
invisible dog ftw
Well then. I said I had to get up early tomorrow so I think bedtime is nigh.
Goodnight everypony and I'll see you tomorrow ;)
I shall converse with you later Polydunami:
gnight Polydunami! take it easy:)
If you want to :S
:3
Anyway, I'm out
slash slash
Goodnight everyone, i'm off to sleep, Cya
gnight TheGreatAndPowerfulT
See ya
oh bai TheGreatAndPowerfulT
NIght TheGreatAndPowerfulT~
it sure is quite here in the chat room...
*quiet
QUITE
00,10they have faces like mii's
lol
Indeed
dat running animation
he has the right to bear arms :P
gee, it sure is boring around here *flexes*
lasers
Predator found him
00,10wth man I wanted to see that guy get ventolated
thundercats!
awwwww what a shame
This game looks meh to me
Good morning, everpony... Octavia :3
oh i thought he will roar and the sword got larger
Who is streaming?
3cool intro
Hello Malavolent:
3I think I get how to play it
/me bursts into flames and loses his shirt in the process.
mornin Malavolent Slurrymoon is streaming
o//////o
SlurryMoon, you havent touched a controll in several minutes, how could you know
Lol oh lord
00,10Wonder if it's part of the universe as xenogears and xenosaga
/me hands shirt to Midnight_Tempest
is this behind the music with lynard skynard?
dat british accent
3It is not Sumica
00,10Shame
/me destroys his new shirt
3It was originally going to be called Monado: Blade something or other
Midnight_Tempest has evolved into Shirtless_Tempest
giant enemy crab!
DrGNs: my power has doubled
What is this game called?
Xenosaga is a good game
OMG A CRAB WE ARE ALL DEAD
lolwut
music composer of this game is Yoko Shimomura
combat starts, insta scream
IMPOSSIBRU
we're all doomed, the crab is too powerful
Shirtless_Tempest's sexy powers have doubled!
00,10help it's kicking my ass during the turtorial
VEGETA WHAT DOES THE COUNTER SAY ABOUT HIS CRABBY LEVEL?
Digitalis: thats right *flexes*
LOL\
/me has a massive nosebleed
MahBoi777: Good thing I brought my butter and Shell Cracker
Xenosaga: The only game I know with save points in the middle of cutscenes
DrGNs: GREAT NOW I'm hungry :S
:O
00,10Shirtless_Tempest put a shirt on you gonna kill Digitalis through blood loss
/me pokes Digitalis
/me noms Shirtless_Tempest's abs
lol poor Digitalis
what makes my situation worse is that I have anemia xD
Sumica: but... its so much fun to be shirtless
You'll Destory us all Shirtless_Tempest :[
Anemia?
Hello guys.
MWAHAHAHAHA!
Hey Pega-sister
play amnesia they said. It'll be fun they said :D
shirtless is too overrated
hey Pega-sister
I for one am fine with our new shirtless overlord
LOL
Pega-sister: there are no naked guys the said....
Amnesia isnt really that scary
its a blood disorder CupcakeWarrior
00,10well at least put on some pasties Shirtless_Tempest
lol
low iron D:
Digitalis: Well, youre screwed:D
i know xD
Sumica: if i need to... *puts on pasties*
http://i.imgur.com/3pFud.jpg
LOL
now im going to test if my rythm fever ISO works
good one:D
LOL
I like ponies
6_9
i like trains
You do ?
but i also like ponies
me too!:O
i like pudding
i liek SuperBrony64 :P
and ponies
Woah, are you telling me I'm not the only guy in here that likes ponies?!? :O
yes and ponies 2
http://tinyurl.com/7fbnpmv
DrGNs: IKR? it's so bizarre!
dat three trolls in one day
is that a record?
/me pokes Digitalis.
and i only see 1 6_9
/me giggles and squeaks
Could it be possible all residents in here are bronies?!?!
valoreins you missed the other 2
NO WAI:O
how are the other 2?
Digitalis is new doughboy
shhh
/me pokes Pasties_Tempest back "No touchie"
XD
/me pokes RainBowJack
valoreins the second one actually scared me
/me pokes back
:o
http://tinyurl.com/7uwdv9c
THE BEST THE BEST THE BEST
Can't get love is in bloom out of my head :$
inb4 the ban
aaaaaand i bricked my wii
i think
cn we get a ban please?
lol
http://tinyurl.com/7uwdv9c
-_-
?!??!?!?!?! ^^^^
Troll?
http://rule34-data-000.paheal.net/_images/102502cebef37108735c3767f0e92916/833930%20-%20Cutie_Mark_Crusaders%20Friendship_is_magic%20My_Little_Pony%20Scootaloo%20apple_bloom%20sweetie_belle%20tecraudio.jpg
eeeeyup
http://rule34-data-000.paheal.net/_images/102502cebef37108735c3767f0e92916/833930%20-%20Cutie_Mark_Crusaders%20Friendship_is_magic%20My_Little_Pony%20Scootaloo%20apple_bloom%20sweetie_belle%20tecraudio.jpg
oops "troll" there we go
http://rule34-data-000.paheal.net/_images/102502cebef37108735c3767f0e92916/833930%20-%20Cutie_Mark_Crusaders%20Friendship_is_magic%20My_Little_Pony%20Scootaloo%20apple_bloom%20sweetie_belle%20tecraudio.jpg
suddenly troll
more like an annoyance
-_-
KICK
ugh
Hi all, waiting for the train
there we go!
yeah i fucked my wii
yay~
Actually, Im pretty sure all three of the trolls were the same person
Huzzah!
Yay Val to the rescue <3
/me nuzzles Val.
Val is best savior
cachi01: TMI
:D
Val eez Hero
Also... I need to to turn off my laptop
CupcakeWarrior: lulz
Hip hip HOORAY
Shit!
Damn net is acting up
uh oh, did the stream stop?
nvm
/me give net an Oscar
/me pokes the internet
ha!
00,10man there are some ugly bad acting people in this weeks B pick
Oh my gooooooooooooooooood
I read the reviews for that movie xD
Troll 2 lawl
What's the B pick
?
Trolls 2... worst. movie. ever.
O GOD PLEASE
Ooooooh
Oh dear
Digitalis: Its the one with the oh my goooooooood
I NEED A NSFT SD CARD
xD
BUT MY HOMBREW WONT READ I
How did that one get in?
U MAD 2... what a movie...
Leprechaun, horrid
AND FAT DOESNT ALLOW FILES BIGGER THAN 4GB
derpy_pony: how did u get picked for bmn selection
FUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Who is responsible?
calm down
FAT IS THE ONLY WAY TO BE BOI
oops
should i pick twilight saga as A movie next time to complete the bad day?
a little bribe
oh god no
FAT NFTS IM FUCKING SICK
valoreins: A better pick would be Never Say Never
tsk tsk tsk derpy_pony
2 DAYS 2 GOD DAMN DAYS TRYING TO GET A GODDAMN GAME TO WORK
They should make Twilight her own saga
and what do i get?
00,10I am thinking if we dont see people that pick bad movies the days we show them we should ban them
A BRICK
Good idea
calm down cachi01 lol
Sounds like a plan
okay
11,02RainBowJack: O3O
MahBoi777: ok......ok
3ahaha
Sumica: i say in past movies that youse watched the 3 lotrs in a bmn?
3That jumping xD
DAMN :[
Sumica: saw*
someone shud pick RED
00,10it was all 3 movies over one weekend
maybe bootmii will solve th problem
RED was awesome xD
00,10it was an end of summer thing
Sumica: not in one bmn right?
IKR?
00,10no not in one night
It seems that moderate safesearch on google is the same as having it off:D
00,10would take forever to watch all 3 extended versions in one day
is this wow?
Samsa: yea cause i was gonna say 3 lotr one bmn thats like 10 hrs
derpy_pony: no, this is Xenoblade
i mean Sumica
I think...
She has one, it's s1 e1 and s2 1,2,3, 25and26
MY PRECIOUS
We should show a Twilight movie marathon sometime on here
yup, Xenoblade
-_0 ?
Blasphemy CupcakeWarrior
hmhm
we must have the precious donut ring
/me pulls out a Desert Eagle
nice music
CupcakeWarrior:sounds like a...plan..?
/me did some one say twilight
00,10altho I say wee even thought i was't even on the team at that time
That night would just degenerate into RPG as everyone ignores the stream
That's like walking straight into morodor CupcakeWarrior: it can not be done
um... i say Twilight with Sparkle!
MY PRECIOOOOUS
So how exactly does one become a mod?
u need a hat
00,10Magic, and huge bribes
Mutterguy: i would just pause stream and just talk in stream
CupcakeWarrior: U NEED THE PRECIOUS
EVERYONE needs hats
Sumica: how big and of what?
Also they do things to them... I know. I've seen one....
MahBoi777: what about god?
I'll take a top hat
i want a starswirl the bearded hat!
00,10Cash or ponies
that too Shane377
blackmail does the trick too
Sumica: lol
/me is only gonna be here for a littlebit says HAI to ev'rybody anyway, GoodGuyGreg.jpeg
00,10So fun fact both this weeks movies are MGM movies
who was first mod Sumica??????
o hai Spectrum_Rush
oh lord
Hai spectrum rush
ohai Spectrum_Rush
hey Spectrum_Rush!:D
00,10We do have a history page if you want to read about bronystate
(missing that tab key)
cool havnt heard of it
Hey Spectrum-Rush
i will search it
lol its the about us right?
00,10yeah
xd
Sooooo, how's everyone doing?
Ok
hugs Shane377 MutterguyIpad valoreins MahBoi777 DrGNs
fine fine
:$
DrGNs: HUNGRY
except all shops are closed today and I need postal stamps
*hands MahBoi777 crab*
/me one does not simply hold all dis wub
I think Melbourne drain my essence.once again I'm pooped
mmmmmmm crab
not really good, can't draw on laptop because my graphic pen broke...
What about the bass cannon Spectrum_rush ?
so who's streaming and what is it
watching a stream on a tablet would be awesome
has anyone seen a spider crab?
SlurryMoon: i think Spectrum_Rush and idk
00,10Slurry is streaming Xenoblade
manly tears were shed for hipster_brony ;_;
/me investigates
haha beat u Sumica
mfw school starts September 4th next year
thx Shane377 and Sumica
Mfw?
00,10you only half beat me
mfw= my face when
my face when
/me darn
lol
Uhuh.. Can't find the server from the irc topic. Something wrong?
Ah, I have now learned something new today :D
*site
the more you know!:P
00,10mfw http://tinyurl.com/3eakxyh
AHH1
RAPE
AHHH! Not that smile again!!
Never mind. It was just the rules page
Shepherd's happy face is scarier than hell
Smashing!
uhmmm so there was a LOTR night
Dewgongz!
I will get a two year training as accountant at the end of the summer. And the government pays for everything. Even the books and the lunch. :)
Nice
yay ^^
What government?
germany
SOunds splendid
jolly good
/me did accounting in year 11and12
i like trains
00,10I am disapoint by that all of s2 eps in one video
eerie silence
which one?
00,10if I made one of those I would at least set it up so the opening credits lined up
Sumica: u watched the s1 one?
Welll... I should get noms before my train departs...
yea that out of sync chaos
That was discord's work on youtube
00,10watched, no? But i did look at it
who linked that vid?
/me removes the pasties
o.o
HUH
helo everypony....what's up?
HU
jhi yama!!!
hey YamaTHou \
ohai YamaTHou
Hello YamaTHou
evening all.
and hi XAX
evenin XAX
HI CAC
hi xax-1
XAX
!!
/me noms on pasties crust
Ello XAX
/me did somepony say chaos? :D
HEY XAX...I REMEMBER YOU FROM MOONBASE ALPHA :D
/me dies
/me goes around flexing.
:O
HUH
DISCORD !!!!
Dammit Shirtless_Tempest!
hai YamaTHou
Spike as the Hulk? lol awesome
/me glomps Digitalis
^////^ oh my
as
make sense, spike does grow larger when berserking
rarity is best superhero
/me glomps Shirtless_Tempest glomping Digitalis
so legit
iron man pwns everyone
/me *snapflash licks Shirtless_Tempest *snapflash
IRON MAN??!
WAIT SO RARITY IS THE IRON PONY?
Fabulousity by Rarity.
I was licked?!
hai XAX
i didn't do it o.o
that annoying discord did
Turns out digitalis and shirtless are in a perfume ad
wut
0>0
Wut?!
Links or it didnt happen
hmm what is this? Oh and hi everyone.
hai TheRandomkid321
Hello Randomkid321
pinkie came to my house today and we played wii :3
/me hello XAX didja miss me?
hey TheRandomkid321
00,10erey time i have an urge to play ToR it seems to be right when mantanace is going on -_-
Sumica's straming I presume?
hey TheRandomkid321
uuhhmm....I just want to check out you all...but I have to leave...BRB
00,10nope I dont use Tavi
bai
/me read avengers equestria before watching the movie. Maybe this should be a new rule
/me flexes so hard he breaks the 4th wall.
O_O
/me wants sexy pics of Shirtless_Tempest
monster house is weird movie
IMPOSSIBURU!!!
Clean up that wall sir !!
Show off
Speaking of avengers im gonna see that Marvel movie Marathon before the Avgers midnight release
I used to love monster house... Know I think what the actual buck?
sigh... now i need more rivets and steel to fix that wall... again...
/me flexes the 4th wall back into place.
/me so excited
It's fucking awesome. That is all
/me gives a "Really?" look to Shirtles_Tempest
MutterguyIpad i am so jelly
I have some expectations of Avengers
I dont really like superhero stuff
marvel used to be cool but then it took a disney to the knee
its still cool but....
I agree CUpcakeWarrior
Disney has the least funny sitcoms ever
But alex day said I NED to see it.
I cant even pretend to laugh at them
Cupcake trued at
TheRandomkid321 http://orlyowl.tripod.com/sitebuildercontent/sitebuilderpictures/orly.jpg
Joss whedon needs to be canonized as the patron pirate of geekdom by thee church Of FSM
/me activates his Armstrong powers and sparkles with great intensity.
Jelly of seeing the movie?
I have made sure to stray away from disney for that reason CupcakeWarrior:
I cannot swim without getting paranoid in games... THANK YOU VERY MUCH JAK 3 TENTACLE MONSTER!
Cach marvel is finnnnnnne
I wonder who Slurry's favorite pony is
/me eats spinach and grows into macho man flexing with Shirtless_Tempest
Mutterguy: define fine
hop hop hop
poh poh poh
a hop and a jump
/me gives IronWill a manly hand shake of epicness.
/me you know i think this is the first time i've seen SlurryMoon stream
dat bird
INSTAKILL
3:l
:o
wtf
OWNED MOTHA BUKA
We'll better go
I THOUGHT IT WAS UR PET
/me shame i cant stay longer
See ya later tonight
:O
bye Spectrum_Rush
3Okay back to exploring'
dont go too far lol
not leaving yet
stay away from du bird
(o-_-)/ (/_-) B!ITCH SLAP!
SlurryMoon: Is Tavi your favorite pony?
/me accepts Shirtless_Tempest handshake and machos on down the street
3indeed :3
yay
did anyone else hear an eerie yay?
eerie?
me
it was like a...
/me yaay
Like it was the wind
nah it sounded normal
lol
Are my headphones plugged in?
yep
Or Fluttershy's spirt is haunting you, which isn't a bad thing in my opinion :#
:3
/me struts down the street, his manliness overflowing.
Everyone drowns in manliness power XD
DrGNs IEV SEEN THAT PEWDIEPIE VIDEO IM NOT GONNA LET THAT FLUTTERSHY BE AROUBD ME!
Hello?
The power of Ponies compels you!!
Hello ;)
I could link ay to the video but it involels amnesia footage (violent) and swearing
the Power of Ponies Compels you to watch ponies
3heheh...
RainBowJack: MUST RESIST PONIES FOR PONIES
3This is a large map x3
SlurryMoon is Slurry
ARRGH MY HEAD HURTS!
I've seen the video
shouldnt you e swimming?
Resistens is futale Watch ponies!! or be love and tolerated
8 days till MC xbox edition releases
Dat vpice.
*voice
IRL ponies arent as cool
/me willingly surrenders soul to ponies for more ponies
Ive got computer edition
3:l
3Well that's annoying
ded
3atleast I can get back on land
/me dresses in his Swaggiest clothing
/me eats Swagger_Tempest's swag
not my swag! you cant handle it!
Swagger_Tempest how do ya change your name?
/me is poisoned from too much swag
use the /nick function
You may have swag, but compared to Iron will, YOU'RE DRESSED IN RAGS
greaaaaaat dinosaur king is on tv im so excited (please notice my sarcasm)
Umm
heres all the ponies you need http://derpy.me/bOE65
Oh wow it actually worked he he
There all is set well
/me puts on his Swaggiest rags.
Spectrum_Rush: http://inception.davepedu.com/
Spectrum_Rush, I need more! :[
well i have to go away for a bit everyponie
BBL
bye jack!!
See ya RainBowJack
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/147518
PINKCEPTION
It's too much CupcakeWarrior!
DrGNs: heres more pony http://derpy.me/T9ppe
:O<3
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/165835
http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Changelings+are+best+shippers.+Maybe+I+laughed+too+hard+at_a3a775_3646109.jpg
dat SweetieBot
CupcakeWarrior: WHERE DO I BUY
I wish I had my thinkgeek stuff here. I WILL NOT REST UNTIL I HAVE A SOFT KITTY HOODIE COMPLETE WITH A TAIL, EARS, AND DETACHABLE PAW MITTENS!
Vinyl Scratch: the pony that never sleeps ha
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/112679
Is it me or has octavia had a somewhat random burst of popularity?
the second option
so who here likes gamer Luna?
side characters do get there share of popularity
SO MUCH PINKCEPTION
*raises hand*
Spectrum_Rush: i do :D
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/98132 now for Discord
we should change :D for xD
http://derpy.me/AB-jd the gamer luna has been doubled
and make : D have another
smiley
suddenly gay dance <-----
Ummm
wat
He has parkinsons
/me Did somepony call?
i did
hellou!
When some Discord blocks, Show them that you ROCK!!
:D
ha
11.•10«11WB10 (Drake10) 11WB10»11•. 10- As long as you clean up after him then sure
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
/me OH MY GOD
/me MY LITTLE DASHIE TRAILER?
WTF
Link.. NOW!!
nope.avi
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=KQCsh_Ryu0c
Eeyup
IM WATCHING IT
06pfffffff, what a work todo X.x
06Fill holes in the walls in my room, then paint/tex the walls, do some stuff with the forklifter at my dads company, repair Dad's laptop with Vista or XO X.x
:O http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/103950
Dear sir, I believe my head has just exploded
What is this madness?
wow that treiler was nicely done
lol he has a full playlist of brony artists
wut trailer?
Shane377 : in Radu's link
brb watching sweet and elite
03why not Windows 7?
lol dat trailer was epic
its sad we all know how it ends,,,
06that Laptop hasnt got enough RAM for that
06it BARELY owrks with Vista
06oh, and some progrqams use MORE RAM on newer systems then lder
037 is less bloated than Vista
CupcakeWarrior: use ponibooru.org you links will load faster than ponibooru.413chan.net
I'd like to see how well acting and animation fall into this
06like, Minecraft: XP: 1gb, Vista: 1.5gb, 7: 2gb
06i know
06butb i think ill try to get XP
03well that's because Minecraft is based on Java
03and Java is a pile of crap
06ikr?
06the original program runs fine
i wonder who will do the voice acting
for rd
06vbut when i try to run a "special" version of the program that allows me to use Vanilla/Bukkit custom mods for multiplayer
06it dies every 5 minutes
Now you got me all excited Radu !
IKR?!:O
dat laugh
Now I have something else to wait for!!
3I love the orchestra muzik in this x3
/me explodes
CupcakeWarrior, You alright ?
its like Octavia's playing SlurryMoon
monado lulz
11,02Dat Octavia orchestrating the music :D
Go Octavia! play the music!
SuperBrony64: derpy.me/pY5w6
can ya'll resist the d'aaaw
http://derpy.me/ttSpu
/me play that funky music tavia!
Dawww
3phew, let's stop there for now x3
now im convinved that Yoko Shimomura's best pony is Octavia
lol
ooh cave story
dat game dat beatiful peace of art ;_;
KIRBY!
04"Why should I continue playing with you? You've lost every game we've played!"
04"We've only played once!"
I'm packing in for the night everybody, I'll see ya later!
/me Kirby sucks ;/)
i see what u did there Spectrum_Rush
bai DrGNs
Spectrum_Rush: you better take those words back
oh wait I get it
CrimsonPhoenix: u dont understand?
3Did you guys realize it's Kirby's 20 anniversary this year? :D
lulz
:O
good one
SlurryMoon: new game incoming :D
classic but good one
/me Kirby blows too ;/)
it is? on labor day!?
yes
eeyup
and they're releasing an anthology apparently
I can't wait for the movie! Oh my God!
and its also my lil bro's birthday today :S
dat nostalgia
Guys
best combo now
haha applebloom in s1 ep 9
I love Cutter+Bomb
puuuuucaaaa loves garuuuuuu
i prefer the double electric sword combo
/me entices everyone to watch FiM Poniez
i prefer the leave + sword combo
Spectrum_Rush: you're not the only one
YES THAT COMBO
leave plus sword?
the pirahna plant
/me /) CrimsonPhoenix
I mean
the electric sword is beyond popular
actually my most favorite is Ice Cutter
eh i sadly cant remenber all the combo
I do ;)
NO MERCY WADDLW DOO
g2g guys bye!!!
also this level I like to call it the ability library
any1 remeber season 1 episode 9
isn't that the cutie mark one?
the one with zachura
the zebra
oh
and they all get cursed
Zecora
its an episode aabout racism
thats it
i love fluttershys voice
oh Flutterguy
^^
^
/) CrimsonPhoenix
Huh sure why not (\
oh boy this fight
this one is fun with no abilities
dat rainbow dash brush
haha when aj gets smaller she yells to AB im gonna tell big Macintosh on u
no style D:
:D
ouch
Shane377: are you re-watching season 1?
ye
kewl
ok then i'll rewatch too :D
I personally plan on watching them one ep at a time
daily
what if it falls on a double part?
u guys should try it
valid point but thats ony 3 out of 52
Shane377: use http://derpy.me/ shorten them links bud
6
6 out of 52
meh that link isnt that long
CrimsonPhoenix: season 1 start season 2 start season finale of 2
well save it for longer ones then
that's a total of 6 episode
meh
i see it as 3
3 double eps
3 out of 26
03Wow, I feel like a genius
lol
03I just figured out how to "obtain" the album artwork from iTunes without actually buying songs
it would be 3 out of 52
....
03http://a5.mzstatic.com/us/r1000/011/Features/3c/98/7a/dj.bltvqked.jpg <- an example LOL
03fricking gigantic scans, too
seems about right http://derpy.me/f0Tnj
actually
6 then
3 out of 49
lol nvm
yeah that's what you should've meant
shhhhhh
/me gives CrimsonPhoenix a cookie so he ll be quiet
I am always quiet
3heheh
3I love how easy kirby is :3
nice valoreins
:$
SlurryMoon: You should put more style in your gameplay
Kirby is easy for a reason
I love the boss theme in this game
Gotta love the Octavia playing in the corner
i remember that Kirby BGM mixed with Snoop Dogg song
oh he mad
valoreins: do me a favor and fix twilight's eyes
how does it combine so well?!
other than that it's pretty boss
CrimsonPhoenix: ok, don't worry its still rough sketch :)
'Ello everypony!
ohai CrazyCherry
It's like Derpy disguise herself as twilight
like literally
6_9
Raise your hooves in the air if you've got free from school or work today!!
/me raises hoves
/me puts half his hooves in the air
and maybe, but that's my opinion, changing dash pose
uh.. should i raise hoof....?
SUPERSTAR
oh ok
Cave Story!!
http://derpy.me/zzaNO how can you not trust that face
Dang
;/)
Spectrum_Rush: Bucking save
11,02Miles "Tails" Prower = Miles Per Hour O.O
that's quite old SuperBrony64
11,02I didn't know that ;~;
and it wasn't intentional I believe
shf
SuperBrony64: mindblown
/me is tired
hey SuperBrony64: ArticUNO ZapDOS MolTRES
Hey SB! Have you seen dat nice MLD movie trailer?
11,02No O.O
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQCsh_Ryu0c
Poni :3
11,02CrimsonPhoenix: O.O Mind blown...
SuperBrony64: How could you not know that?
11,02i liek poniez :3
U sure do :3
11,02CupcakeWarrior: I don't pay attention to that ._.
Ur a bronie or pegasister because of that
oopsie daisy
Chat derp
SuperBrony64: ekans arbok snake kobra
No Sh*t sherlock
:|
i love Octavia
11,02Spectrum_Rush: Dat cool too :D
Everypony's so quiet!
hibernating
valoreins: lol
if only I could get a mindblown thred in /v/
I'M HAN SOLO. I'M HAN SOLO SOLO
SuperBrony64: Muk K..................... um ah hehheh :$
Pikachu... Uhcakip? :o
valoreins: so i herd u liek Uhcakip's
;/)
:s
I heard toad say oh Gay
(\
Oh lol
/)
oh, mario party :)
3dat double bank
sat previous one's not a brohoof by the way
Lol
*That
who's playing?
looks like a brohoof to me :s
so i did hear mario party
Yay
valoreins: tilt your head to the left ;/)
3well
oh ok
lol!
oh, and octavia plays along with the music
o-o
lol!
game kinda made it wasy for donky to win
SuperBrony64: http://blog.wirebot.com/2010/01/14/10-useless-videogame-facts-mind-blown/
i wasnt paying attention who's SlurryMoon
Wow
dat mario party
derped chat?
nope
83 visitors.. no wonder the chat is so quiet
and it's dead time no?
3ffffff
maybe...
CrimsonPhoenix:My mind just exploded
whos donkey?
ha
a npc?
dat damnmonkey
what fact?
I was stun when I first saw the Cloud and Brush
Bush**
There's allways 100 visitors when it's not quiet
CrimsonPhoenix: i find it funny that fact number 7 says count them and they skipped number six
Dat lagg
CrimsonPhoenix holy fuck dat number 9
/me misses GilDash
so...any recommended MLP Youtube poop that i should watch? i need some random laugh...
Oh, oh, I got this!
now guys
I prefer MLP YTP in the style of like, AMV Hell, rather than the gibberish noise spam that most poop is.
3Yes xD
3wow how lucky
valoreins: moon base alpha bonies
Lucky!
aeiou
ok :)
Get a hold of this MIND BOMB http://derpy.me/zG3Ka
asdfg
9999999999999
9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999
dat 9 spam
john madden john madden
oh no here comes another chinese earthquake
brbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbr
Mind blowing pokemon facts http://unrealitymag.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/pokemon-facts.jpg
It's great to be in the EM-PIRE TODAY
3That idiot Wario xD
dose 9
that picture
thank you CupcakeWarrior, I saw that pic before and that's very relevent
3:l
pokeball + w panties = master ball
win
dat lag
/me I knew those mindbomb facts before it was cool http://derpy.me/xHwXA
3Whaa......
3wow awesome
/me hugs everypony
neat
LUCKY!
Spectrum_Rush: as well as I
lurking 4chan makes you see a LOT of stuff
a few I didnt catch like Mars being Silver's sibling
http://chzgifs.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/funny-gifs-everyone-was-satisfied.gif
Dat hat derp
Chat*
my hat derped?
slurp?
Hai everypony :)
burp
ohai Spell-of-Gaming
nurp
hai Spell-of-Gaming
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHW161KB1fY
when is season 3 going to start 6_9
never
got cancelled
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
that when
Indeed, Tom
WWHHHHAAAAAA???????? why :'(
razor_flash: 11 August, if I'm correct
FOYUFYUFYUOFUFOUYFUFFYUFYFFYFOFOFYFU
....
thanks radu
You're welcome c:
I hope you didn't really believe that.
that late!?!?!?
so what character is SlurryMoon ?
?
the one that doesnt say COM
3Weegee
thank u
so much derpy in fall weather friends
Derp
-_(\
i hope theres more rainbow dash
holy shjiit
dem coins
i dare to predict we will have celestia eating bananas next season... dunno why...
So, uh, I said Melon a lot of times in Facade
valoreins, that would be scary awesome
ttttooooddddaaaaa mmmmooooonnnnn
i so want derp to have his own ep in S3
I'm havng fun
*having
Hello everypony
heya Resonantwaves
hi
ohai Resonantwaves
All of the dungeon maps from LoZ 1 side by side http://i266.photobucket.com/albums/ii245/Porslinsankan/zelda2nd.jpg
hai Resonantwaves
mind not blown
!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!
and yeah Skyrim made me stay late again but hey I shoot the horse at whiterun stable and have a bounty there, I plundered two bandit camp and now I'm in Dawnstar
such is life as a Nord thief in Skyrim
CrimsonPhoenix: any other characters or just the nord?
anyone tried the skyrim monster mods?
I had a Keihjit but gave that out to Nord
http://www.cracked.com/article_19745_the-5-ballsiest-easter-eggs-hidden-in-video-games.html
I didn't liked the tail physic
CrimsonPhoenix: dem tail physic god, makes me paranoid whenever im theifing
seems quiet today
brb guys
Physics*
so yeah female Nord thief specializing in archery
silent kill is best kill
though I need some horse meat >.>
back
also I love that dance of the death mod
makes my game much more satisfying
and I should really head to bed so I'll talk to you guys later
This game is addicting.
SlurryMoon, are you DK?
3nope
3I'm Luigi
Luigi>?
Oh
>There are no Twin Towers in Deus Ex, a game released in the year 2000. Because of memory limitations, the developers took the non-Twin Towers dominated part of Manhattans landscape and mirrored it; as the first few levels explained that the Statue of Liberty had been destroyed by a terrorist group, the developers threw up their hands and declared that so had the Twin Towers.
*dramatic chin stroke*
SuperBrony64 is streaming?
SlurryMoon*
Dat yay
11,02O.O
Hi SuperBrony64 :3
11,02Hai :3
hello everypony how are ya?
@SuperBrony64: When do you sleep?
When poni
/me is bored
Dat strike
CrazyCherry: hey there how are ya?
pablez94: GOOD thx for asking!
02*WB03(Ray03)02WB* - <Ray> 02I'm a walking CDC nightmare, It makes me want to hug someone
11,02i sleep...liek...when everypony else falls asleep :3c
3That is a dumb koopa
3now, tell me
3how will Wario win?
Ahaha :D
;3;
@SuperBrony64: It's 2:00 AM PST.
hello everypony o.o
CrazyCherry: that's a good news would ya like if i search for some funny ponybooru images to entertain u?
Hi LightTrooper105 :3
11,02IKR ^-^
11,02Hai LightTrooper105 :D
Oh poni
/me give everypony muffinz
pablez94: That would be nice:)
/me noms on muffinz :3
/me eats muffin whole
/me noms on LightTrooper105's mane
can someone explain me why AJ is cuter like this? http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177518
CrazyCherry my mane is not food o3o
Because she looks like Cheetos, pablez94
I'm going to be away for a while but i'll be back!
Bai CrazyCherry
CrazyCherry: okisokki cul8r
Bai for a while
dokki*
Well, some kind of inactivity here, hmm?
o.o
Ah, Mario party, the number one cause of arguments and hateful words amongst my family
11,02Snowpack Park (Wii), Urban Champion (3DS), and Pictobits (3DS) are the new Club Nintendo Redeemable games :D
o:
3cool
3urban Champion seems fun
Hi, i'm new :)
o.o
Oh maii
HELLO TO EV'RYPONY THAT ENTERED THE STREAM WHEN I WASN'T LOOKING
Draw?!
there that shouild cover it :$
Anybody here?
o hai Spectrum_Rush
How is Peach getting all the high rolls?._.
ai cheats
Of course :D
Mario Party!
Spectrum_Rush: hi how are ya?
AHAHAHA DK
Phase4: TF2? :D
/me uses traditional royal canterlot voice: I'm curently in the middle of a severe thunderstorm thats Derpin' mah internet but other than that i'm fine thank you pablez94
XAX, in a little bit
3D'oh I missed!
Ohai Phase4
ohai Radu
/me is still working on the cache
Oh mai.
Spectrum_Rush: u'r scary with traditional royal voice u know?
by the time i'm done with this code there wont be much of the original left
SlurryMoon is nice with ladies
Phase4: Never mind. im being removed from the PC soon >___>
XAX, :(
/me hugs XAX
DK is having a bad day, it seems
/me thunder and lightning flashes behind: WE QUITE AWARE THANKTH THOU pablez94
Who's all playing?
SlurryMoon is playing
3Yay
guys
3I killed Peack >:D
3Peach*
3anyway
Congrats c:
COD BO 2 reveal today :D
3I totally killed in that game
3>>
Seriosuly? :P
Seriously*
I wonder who won...
/me withdraws his head in the shoulders > Spectrum_Rush
Sun is coming up in the east coast.
djpon3: eeyup
3epic duel!
Friendship can't turn people into frogs
I thought this was mario party?
My magic is best magic!
hmmm, 90 people
wow i comeback
is anyone here actively using the bronystate site?
and i see pablez94 resting his head on Spectrum_Rush
xited for s3?
3heheh
3I'm the best?
3That sound clip of Luigi x3
yay
yes u SlurryMoon
Shane377: wut?!:[
WOOOOOOO!!
Superstar, like Britney Spears.
AWWWWWW YEEEEEEAAAA!
Luigi is best pon... I mean player
3wow
b4 in chat
3didn't even stand a chance
Phase4 : there's a site?
scroll up a lil
ehm, yeah
Dem Detailed Results
:p
just wondering if its ok to mess with stuff
DO IT
kaboom :3
Shane377: i believe he was withdrawing from my royal canterlock
DDoS = Dumb Drunk overweight superhumans
Just crafted my first reclaimed metal
:3
/me hardly ever uses it
Congrats XAX!:D
whose streaming agian
SlurryMoon is
world of goo
Dat 4:50 AM
anyone whos on the east cost getting a thunderstorm?
/me yawns
3I'm tired
Shane377: it's excactly the opposite but... why should i contradict you...
Go to sleep if you want to :O
/me rests his head on Spectrum_Rush
for the ppl who live in aus and like cod https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=406289982728001&set=a.144503838906618.21326.132263276797341&type=1
Don't force yourself
getting some good rain in Kansas City
Some alarm clocks in the east coast should be ringing by now. Early birds of course.
ur shoulder is pretty confortable Spectrum_Rush
has anyone seen that photo?
/me sigh pats pablez94 head
9 45 channel nine
tomoz
It's 5:31 am. Set your clock.
lolz, Commander Shepard says AppleJack is best pony
<3 no reallly is pretty confortable ...ahhh....> Spectrum_Rush
lol wut djpon3
For SuperBrony64
Weather:D
Dat rain
weather weather weather
berlin is sunny
yay clouds in the desert :3
3silly Japan
haha japan
Indeed
3they get their own special icons
I want rain too :/
:O
haha
nothing
soz djpon3 SuperBrony64 is busy out testing cookies in the cookieh department
ooh go to new jersey
how much is 72 in real temperature?
what's that in celsius?
11,02i liek cookies :3c
22.2222 ºC
http://www.metric-conversions.org/temperature/fahrenheit-to-celsius.htm
U sure liek cookies silly pony :3
join the herd - we have cookies
yaaaaaay
dat metric system
Phase4: Do you buy keys for crates at all? :o
Oh my
Incoming IRL photos :D
oh :c
SuperBrony64: back to the cookieh department
0°C is when water freezes and 100°C is when it cooks
boils*
mfw
yes
mfw when DerpStar gets back
really, why doesn't the us just switch to metric? the brits did it too without burning their nation down
11,02C = 5/9 ( F - 32)
Dat math
imperials
because old people
No
Because poni
and thats how we roll
^this
xD
:D
i think as of now there's only three nations in the world left that use imperial
at least one of them is third world
What's imperial?
feet
wat
yae wut?
Oh
ah
That like, US, UK, and?
France?
uk has metric
Then which are the countries
measuring distances by how far an old woman can throw a cat...usa, liberia and someone near india
Wat.
USA some third world nation and the other i forgot
it is because the tool industry wants to be able to sell 2 tools and not 1
http://assets.meanwhilein.org/hashed_silo_content/70d/f7b/049/resized/meanwhile-in-australia-ddea5e.jpg
Because everything is possible in Australia
Radu: we're talking about measurements.
@Shane377
tasty baked koala noses
http://www.miffmuff.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/meanwhile_in_australia_50.jpg
look at this fuckn kilogram right here! LOOK AT IT! http://de.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Datei:CGKilogram.jpg&filetimestamp=20091020165349
is superbrony streaming
SlurryMoon is
why don't YOU have a shiny kilogram?
ae then goodbye
don't you want it?
http://static.fjcdn.com/gifs/Meanwhile+in+australia_2fbf9a_3245000.gif
why wouldn't you want it?=
New record?o:
Dat hand
nice record o3o
Sing along!:D
anyone know where to get the small mlp figures in aus?
...Is that 4 hours or 4 minutes? o3o
one cubic metre of water weighs one metric ton, so in a depth of 11km you have a pressure of 11k tons per m². easy to handle. fuck yards and all this
see? see how fucking awesome metric is?
How is imperial?
compared to metric?
irregular as fuck
blind bag figures, shane377?
from where derpy_pony ?
SlurryMoon: dat lack of metroid
germany
http://fuckyeahfluttershy.tumblr.com/post/6828845458/blind-bag-ponies-spotted-in-australia
3shh, I can play metroid later
they exist
Radu: here's a table of the imperial measurements http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Imperial_units
Radu: see how absolutely unneccesary complicated that shit is?
lolwat
11,02i liek poniez ^-^
I haven't logged in to my Farmville for a long time and my plants remain unspoiled. o_O
derpy :3
What are you doing SB?c:
any1 kno any good simple beat songs with bass?
dat nostalgia
It's just mah BASS CANNON!
11,02liek
11,02nothin' :3
11,02Just finished counting a bunch of cells in these snapshots we took of our samples from my lab 6_9
http://www.broniesaustralia.com/showthread.php?tid=610&pid=8068 last post
:O
SuperBrony64: you should totally engineer a pony
3And now it's SB's turn to stream :3
11,02okie :3
/me glomps SlurryMoon ^_^
Thanks for streaming SlurryMoon c:
thanks for keeping me entertained when I can't sleep!
3heheh, of course
thx for the stream, SlurryMoon :)
derpy_pony: which shops do u find em at
in germany? spielemax, karstadt, and some drug store chains with a toy department
toys'a'us has none
r?
r
Soo, from 4am to 2am
derpy_pony: in aus
Dat travelling through time
thav for Streaming SlurryMoon hope to see more some time
11,02okie, live :3
ist linked it above
Rhythm Heaven?:D
http://www.broniesaustralia.com/showthread.php?tid=610&pid=8068 ?
3I'll stream some stuffs later
yay
3for now, I'm heading to bed
Yay!
yes
the last post in this one
Goodnight SlurryMoon c:
night SlurryMoon
yay
rythm heaven, yeah
Thanks for the stream SlurryMoon, nite ^^
looks like he knows what he is talking of
oh bai SlurryMoon
11,02Night SlurryMoon ^_^
good night SlurryMoon :)
good night, SlurryMoon , thanks for streaming
dat better be metroid spinning there
3Oh cool Mario Party 9
3well, you have fun
neat
SlurryMoon: again?
3night
nite SlurryMoon
never tried blind bag farming in australia
TO david Jones away!
g2g
^^
good luck
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-qRxmlDk3yOc/TcnJNy-0ZOI/AAAAAAAAEV0/IefNYQDIHxk/s1600/130505690574.jpg
yes, write down the wave 2 and 3 codes too, just in case
dunno if the are sold in australia
Is stream buffering?
iirc, the red ones with canterlot on it are wave 1, the purple with ponyville wave 2 and the purple without picture are wave 3
don't know about wave 4
whats the differenc in waves
the content
moment
Radu : streamer went to bed.
which waves have main characters
Well, didn't SB take over?
he did for a sec
YAAAAAAAAY
yay
http://www.strawberryreef.com/Index/G4/IndexBB.html there is an overview over all blind bags in existence
Helllo bronystate.
hi Scavender
hi guyz im back
hello ghostbuster_EXTREME|
Dat NYA
i lold hard at this :D http://explainthisimage.com/unexplainable-photo/popular/737-lvl-80-undead-death-knight
11,02Hai Scavender and ghostbuster_EXTREME|!
hi ghostbuster_EXTREME|
Hey guys! :)
hello princess
ohai Princess
hi Princess_Cadence
I love this game c: It's so addicting
hey Scavender long time no see
Well, I have had a busy week.
hi everybody
hello Simon
Hi Simon2
Hi! :)
ohai Simon2
hi Scavender Radu
and valoreins
Is SuperBrony64 streaming?
Yup
Mario Party 8?
9
oh 9
im suprised nintendo dident get sued for super mario bros 2
I have to check up on something see ya in a while.
What should I do in the hospital?
Is this story mode?
Princess you are in hospital ?
Hiya
yes.
Hello
Hi Steel_Masquerade
Now are you doing RainbowAsh
I'm fine. How are you doing yourself, Steel_Masquerade?
Im in the hospital cause im ill and i cant fly stand run walk use magic..This is boring :(
dat daisy
Fine thank you just a bit of Insomia well a lot
Get well soon Princess_Cadence
Thank you :)
Steel_Masquerade, I know the feeling.
How long do you expect to stay there Princess_Cadence
I dont know..2 days?
Plus I haven finishied watching the season 2 which isnt helping
SuperBrony64: are you shy guy, luigi or daisy?
Steel_Masquerade, at least that gives you something to do while you can't sleep. How far in are you?
11,02I'm Daisy ^_^
im me lol
SuperBrony64: you're on the last atm. You can do better than that
Just finished watching 17 Started watching on friday
Good morning, bronystate!! :)
Hello RaveBrony
morning RaveBrony
11,02Morning RaveBrony!
Steel_Masquerade, you're in for a treat with the next episode, then. ^^
Good afternoon RaveBrony
Hi RaveBrony
I like Twilight Sparkle.
Good morning everypony
Good morning!
good afternoon Steel_Masquerade
/me hugs Scavender, somepony_else, SuperBrony64, Simon2, and RainbowAsh :$
/me hugs RaveBrony back ^_^
this game looks so easy
dat SuperBrony64
Hey Steel_Masquerade and Princess_Cadence
11,02Day VioletGreySha :D
/me glomps VioletGreySha ^-^
someone practiced secretly
/me counter glomps SuperBrony64 ^-^
^-^
11,02O.O
11,02:D
:3
What should I do at the hospital.
read
mfw i realize my monitor is starting to die O___o
Get better
convert some new bronies
"dune" from frank herbert is epic
verticaly...how bout i use the mario kart stering wheel
Princess_Cadence, steal ALL the slippers.
lol
SuperBrony64: ...
SuperBrony64: :<
Hmm?
RaveBrony: my monitor is already half dead, I have accidentally shot it with airgun.
/me sees bookcase right by her
Scavender: ....
11,02What JRP2234?
superbrony wins again
Hmmm whats there?
...
Scavender: Wtf!?! :D
No way.Just no.
http://www.sadistic.pl/pics/5636011c672a.gif :<
Its full of Twilight books.
No.
just no.
lol
Mine im just starting to see lines across the screen, a smear of colors, lol
RaveBrony: Now I have 17" monitor instead of 22"
they are better than the movies
still..no.
understandable ^^
huh?
they give twilight sparkle a bad name
:\
ughh Shining Armor is coming in my room :[
who give twilight a bad name? :[
twilight
Oh come now, not rp again :D
valoreins: Twilight saga
^
NOT SHINING ARMOR :[
oh...
damn that book to oblivion
hm...
Does anybody have Powerdvd
lIlllIIlIlI: lol
?
your name is lol
/me hears Shining Armor insult her
Lol
:[
oh..he went away now :)
holy shit it's the final boss of the internet!
derpy?
god have mercy with them
Back everypony had some technical difficulties
6_9
Best pony = :)
ok...now im really back whats been happening ?
twilight is second best pony
Derpy first?
absolutely
Nuh uh she totally the nuber one
rage mode
6_9
and so the first bronystate civil war started
oh god why?
>.>
no one should be number one...
except derpy of course
all are number one.
NOpony is number one /best pony
There would be no war just a one whole room straight to the moon
communists!
Ok its a deal.
moon is fine
Nopony is 1st/best pony -
deal.
Except Twilight, who is best pony.
^
-_-
in the eqd poll, twilight won ca 35%
twilight not the best u know???....
Well actually Celestia
because derpy wasn't listed
nope.avi
Hmm
what to do
11,02i liek Derpy ^_^
run in circles and cry
how many times are these best pony topic were discussed today?
I cant..run..
oh
-_-
man this day aira is gonna win the best song of the season for sure !!! yay.
oh hai chat
no doubt about that
hi d3rb
aria
/me wants to compose a song, unfortunately he's a noob and he tends to give up easily
why do they cal it aira ??...
call
*aria
really but what should i do at the hospital,i cant run STAND walk use magic or fly..this is the worst possible.thing.EVER:
then dont give up Simon2
noobs produce noobish quality. accept it. only practice makes better
Stop giving up or giving celestia willseng you the moon
Oh hey d3rb :)
im almost finish practicing that song on the piano
Hi d3rb
Sorry for the typos I ahven't selpt and its cold and I need coffee brb
/me waves to derpy_pony, RaveBrony, RainbowAsh and every other pony
..bored
:$
Dat close call
im bored too....
shy guy sounds a bit like simon's cat....
I mean..You know..im ill..
>.<
any good strategy game you can recommend? turn based preferred
ill.... what are you ill with Princess_Cadence ?
derpy x-com series
what do you mean ?
anyone read that fic 'my little alicorn' yet
played it to death, Scavender
thx anyway
hang on....ill as in sick or illin and chillin kind of ill

derpy_pony: jagged alliance 2
same
good game, but gets repetitice
sword of the stars 1?
moin everypony
-c +v
derpy_pony, not turen based but supreme comander-forged alliance
Hey Invi! :)
sword of the stars...that's good
/me is bored cause cant fly use magic or walk and run or stand,cause is ill in the hospital
hi invi
moin Invi
Good afternoon invi
supreme commander...noted
total war ??
I'll try them
total war is nice too, yes
hey Invi
/me hugs RaveBrony somepony_else Simon2 d3rb and SuperBrony64
oh, btw, what happened to sword of the stars 2? is it playable by now?
AGE OF EMPIRES thats the one
/me hugs Invi back
I'm in my lab then
back
/me hugs Invi back ^_^
have fun! :)
hell yeah, original age of empires!
:(
So broing.
boring.
age of empire is the best
i was stupd enough to buy it. preo order even. because, you know, i didn't expect to get ripped the fuck off by the indie company that developed the first SOTS
im back
/me is drinking coffee with equal amount of chocolate mix and sugar mixed one cup
turn that frown upside down Princess_Cadence
with milk..
omg pizza
tunrs out that even months after it was unfinished as fuck
im bored too....
11,02i liek pizza ^-^
SuperBrony64: u liek alot of things dont you? :o
I cant even read books from the bookcase,its full of Twilight's books.
'Ello again!
i thought you liek tacoz SuperBrony64 o.o
Hello!!!
THE GUY'S GUIDE TO HUGGING GUYS !!!!!!!!!
moin CrazyCherry
If you happen to like roguelikes, I am currently quite fond of DoomRL
11,02RaveBrony: Yesh :3
11,02i liek tacoz too :D
Hiya CrazyCherry :P
AHHHHHH THE CLONE IS BACK fuckkkkkk
SuperBrony64: is this co-op or versus?
Oh i know that all too well SuperBrony64 :P
I mean I cant read books The bookcase is full Twilight's books.
Princess_Cadence!
There is nothing better for breakfast than Cupcakes, except junk food ;)
CrazyCherry!
/me hugs CrazyCherry
dat CrazyCherry
CADENCE!!!! KILL THE CLONE !!! KILL THE CLONEEEE!!!
o.o
i don't know Invi, bacon is pretty sweet
11,02Simon2: Versus
remember the time where you pinged Sumic a alot?
..o.o?
well... there is oatmeal, Invi ^^
/me hugs Princess_Cadence back
oatmeal? Are you crazy?
whats oatmeal
/me broods slowly seeping his coffee
d3rbya you are right. somepony_else you say oatmeal>cupcakes? :O
The bookcase that was full Twilight's books. The nightmare.
depends on what cupcakes you have...
Books about magic? Nightmare? Flabergasting
/me misses GilDash
somepony_else: chocolate rainbow-colored cupcakes
somepony_else chocolate ^^
Oh hai CrazyCherry
allright... that sounds good
gildash is dead ......lol:D:D
:O
:D
O_o
:O
:'(
:(
MUUUHAHAHAHA
:|
I liek Bowser ^^
Sure why have I'll have one cup cake
>:(
haha
/me glomphugwubbles Invi sorry for not sein ya before was afk
> : (
:D:D:D:D
: [
:[
:D:D
6_9 derp
/me hugs RainbowAsh
Spectrum_Rush :) you force me to do it:
/me gives Spectrum_Rush a thermonuclear glomp
/me sips tea
/me WOrth ittttttt~
:D
/me tries to use magic but fails like an little baby
....
how do u type in italic
/me
ghostbuster_EXTREME|: mods only
/me hugs CrazyCherry back
but don't abuse /me
it'll get annoying
dat shy guy
/me starts slaping /me :3
Dats right Digitalis
gildash is still dead....lol :D:D
:[
:(
Princess_Cadence: Keep trying you'll succeed in the future!!
x3
dat tune from SM64
ghostbuster_EXTREME| crap, i have no goat, else i could revive her is a pagan rituale...
what
/me Digitalis *snapflash did somepony say annoying *snapflash
/me tries to take a good book from another bookcase with magic and doesnt fail
....
need to stop doing that
/me tries to counter the spell that made Princess Candence baby talk
either stay in or get out
I is back!!
.....ahhhh discord we meet again
ghostbuster_EXTREME| nope, he is gone again
WHAT?"
dat long wiggler
Princess_Cadence: Good for you!!
:)
Huh worked
dat rage
anyone read "my little alicorn " yet ???
nope
dat thing appears a bit pissed of to me
Invi: a LITTLE?
/me O RLY Invi
And now it's ded
....
Hmh
Simon2 yes, a little itty bitty
good book..
/me hands out skillets to all those who oppose Discord!
you can just sense the silent rage from Digitalis
how did you know Spectrum_Rush :P
and gildash is still dead....HAHAHA :D:D:D
:(
No she's not
Digitalis: it's a talent :$
hehe xD
She's just reseting
Spectrum_Rush is a biotic
11,02I'm the Superstar :D
The winner's Daisy! DUN DUN DUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
dude u kill her....
yaaay SuperBrony64
yay!!!
ghostbuster_EXTREME|: don't worry, they can survive high falls, as always
/me gives SuperBrony64 a skillet
what a nice way to say goodbye loser by tosing them down..
/me maybe *sniff maybe Invi
WAIT GILDASH IS A GIRL??????
Was GilDash here?
Despite the AI's being completely useless in the minigames it was a close call at times. That's what I can't stand about Mario Party.
dat rubberband AI
/me noms on skillet
..
No SuperBrony64 you suppose to fry with it
11,02O.O
silly SuperBrony64 you're supposed to cook with a skillet silly filly
ghostbuster_EXTREME: Yes she is and she's my girlfriend
*puts book away with magic*
or Beat down those who oppose your might
11,02but
11,02i liek nomming on the skillet ;~;
Well, im got to go now everypony.... Bye! Have a great day/night and enjoy SuperBrony64's Stream! :P
*ive
you keep doing that and it's dentures
ohhhhh that would explain why he...and why u .... and why u 2 ohhhhhhh well shes still dead !!!lol :D:D
/me noms on Princess_Cadence's ear
11,02Later RaveBrony!
later rave... gone
lol xD
the TAB does nothing!!!!
Mutterguy so he is gone
Mutterguy: True
indeed :(\
take care RaveBrony!
Wha whats this?
SB got his computer working?
hmm
LightTrooper105 you are too late :( he is already on another place. maybe a better place :'(
be back in about...20 mins guyz gonna do some......personal stuff...
Whats what digitails?
This... game...
Shining armor comes again..
Invi you just have to ruin my day :'(
I've seen it before somewhere..
Go vacation... doesn't sound so go to me
/me misses GilDash
oh lord
dat pink block
What game?
LightTrooper105 I told you the truth :( Out there is a mystical place. :( Some ponies call it ''Reality''
Pinkie Pie Party :D ,,,IDEAAAAA
Dat music
Princess Cadence is an faggot slut bitch fuck shit dumb stupid idiot motherfucking son of an bitch
oh god not again..
Well thats interesting
cool story.
/me slaps ShiningArmor with a Cinderblock
Invi well Reality sucks :(
i just visited ponyhoof(facebook) recently... those ppl from facebook suspended the ponyhoof group page...
shes the most baddest slut girlfriend bitch fucj´k piece of shit
LightTrooper105 not my reality :D
/me hopes SB powers the Friendship cannon
:[
valoreins, they are getting back up
I can even defeat him
LightTrooper105 my life is awesome ^^
Invi it will be someday
yeah don't "defeat" him in here
MOTHER OF AN BITCH FUCK SLUT FAGGOT BITCH
*facehoof*
i don't understand, what did the ponyhoof did to get violated?
Okay who's pretending to be ShiningArmor??
oh gawd music
SHES AN MOTHERFUCKING SLUT BITCHH
go.justgo.
LightTrooper105 because of my hedonistic lifestyle not :D
hes an waful colt.
vagaytion
Invi one day....
Admins kick ShiningArmor!!!!
What the hell am I even watching right now?
CrazyCherry, Princess_Cadence and ShiningArmor are the same person
SON OF AN BITCH MOTHERGUCKING NOPE BITCHH
Lol wut?
/me just spent the best 2.50$ of his life T.T
Really nao?
This game seems horrible enough
IM OUTTA HERE SHES AN BITCH MOTHERFUCKING SLUT
/me scratches his head
LightTrooper105 my life aleady was awful shit, but then I realized, that happyness happens in your head, so i changed my attitude towards life :)
wuh-ah?
Wat.
You can check where a person is connection from with /whois nick. If the information matches, it's usually two clients on the same computer
RainbowAsh, i see what you mean now
the last part after the @ are identical
Invi my life sucks aswell but Im keeping my happyness as well :)
You can obfuscate it rather easily, though, but that takes a little bit of knowledge
damn this is horrible
why are their squeking when their talking o.o..
Oh hai TheRainbowDash *hugs*
LightTrooper105 when you are happy, then you life doesn't suck ^^
thats just sad, lmao
Ummm, what the hay is this? Oh, hello everypony. Crazy stream last night, huh?:D
11,02Okay, I'm lost in this game ;A;
Invi my life do sucks and unfair aswell but hell I dont care :D
hello TheRainbowDash
aww
lol SB..
SuperBrony64 lol take a sledge hammer and smash it ^^
God damn this music!
SuperBrony64 it had me going Bleh too
omg this game is so shitty
I'll be on for omly 20 minutes, sadly...
(only)
Really? Really? These are the controls?
So I'm guessing the point of the game is that you are on vacation?
a virtual vacation..
.....
sweet jesus
although it was the GC version
hahaha.
I'd rather go on a real vacation :P
Good job, you walked 5 metres!
oooh not that..I mean mario party
LightTrooper105 handle life like cave jhonson ''When life gives you lemons...''
ohia SuperBrony64
11,02Hai :D
11,02Dat was fun :3
God that noise xD
Invi don’t make lemonade
Oh, hello SuperBrony64! I am silly filly with my stories, toast?:)
This is, without hyperbole, the greatest game ever.
Get up in the morning 'bout 6am. Have a little jelly have a little jam. push to the dark or the light and then if it pops too soon, press down a gain make toooaaast.
Allo everypony.
(lyrics optional)
LightTrooper105, and, most importantly, don't snort ground up moon rocks
hi Meanwhile
Hello Meanwhile! (waves and hugs) How are you today?:)
ahhh meanwhile wheres trixie ??
Hungry, because I actually don't like toast :I
ohai Meanwhile ^^
GASP
Invi that ADVICEgets him put in detention in some undisclosed place for undisclosed reasons or a undisclosed duration
Hai Meanwhile
lol
*for a
TheRainbowDash: Hiya! *hugs*
hello Meanwhile
IM BACK
Hello CrazyCherry! D'aww, that hug of yours...
wb ghostbuster_EXTREME|
Turn using the walls! also, Hey bronystate!
Mutterguy :D
oooh yeah..
YEAH TOAST
'Ello Meanwhile!
dont buck with cod 4 pc players
Welcome back ghostbuster_EXTREME|! (waves and hugs):D
Mutterguy Powertoast!!
awwww sad SB
YEAH!
well im going to buy dinner see you all later o3o
Did somepony say...toast?
Bai LightTrooper105
c ya LightTrooper105
Bye LightTrooper105.
Cya LightTrooper105
Bye LightTrooper105! (kisses you)
SuperBrony64: :<
TheRainbowDash POWERtoast
Bye LightTrooper105
bye LightTrooper105
^
Invi: Hi There!

Dat powertoast.
CLONEEEEE
moin again CrazyCherry ^^
Invi: I am Toast Department Lead and I approve of you.:)
YAY !
A winner is you!
dhfgjklö
YEAHHHH!
TheRainbowDash yaay :)
ehhh wheres Princess_Candence crazycherry??????
öööööööööööäääääääääääääååååååååååååååå
here?
ohh there u r
no
:|
lol
11,02This isn't an accurate representation of myself, I'm actually a pony irl :I
Regarding toast http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1W2FIaCDT8
lmao xD
What? No shining armor?
SuperBrony64 lol
SuperBrony64: silly
Sounds legit SB :P
SuperBrony64: That is you!:D
is it possible for a pony to become a brony? :o
valoreins yep, why not?
valoreins: Umm, of course!
..i have no idea..
Ponies are fans of My Little Human
lol
They're called Bran.
Oh my hay, that sound effect! So annoying!:D
Bro-man
yeah it is
its rotting my brain
Don't Lie SB We've seen HANDS
so big mac is a bro-man then
SB is Lyra irl.
Meanwhile not Bruman? xD
AND GILDASH IS STILL DEAD !!!!!! LOL :D:D:D
well nite/morn/evening everyone i'm off
ohm g
Bai Spectrum_Rush
Invi: That doesn't sound as funny.
shut up ghostbuster please..
who here has worked with rigs for flash... e.g pony rigs
ya right
cys Spectrum_Rush
Danger, do not jump on the wii balance board.
ha xD
Steel_Masquerade, that was... unsettling
Spectrum_Rush you leave?
im so feeling like its sunday because its free..
/me hugs RainbowAsh Digitalis Invi
now iam
GilDash is not dead she's just away!
/me squeaks
bya Spectrum_Rush
But it's Tuesday Tuesday, gotta get down on Tuesday.
So Ihad an idea... Pinkie Pie party. basically a reskinned Mario Party
/me squees
i hope so CrazyCherry . . .
/me pokes CrazyCherry with a stick
hope what
/me hugs Spectrum_Rush back ^^
11,02Yes, you can play this game with your silly doggy :3
/me thermonuclear glomps Invi
Princess_Cadence: trust me!
ok.
lol
trust with what
My dog's too silly to play anything >_>
lol
my dog is dead lol
god that song is so cheesy.
/me Invi Gotcha
Invi: Why'd you poke me with that stick? :|
lol
"Hey go fetch this ball!" "Lolno I'm sleepin"
My cat is too old
hmm
11,02Nice $11 I spentfor this game ^_^
Spectrum_Rush oh you :)
would be news to me that dogs give a shit about what happens on a 2d surface
god dammit
xD
CrazyCherry because... uh.... vampire?
/me and... I go
11,02Thanks for tuning in everypony ^_^
this bookcase really IS full of Twlight's books! :|
Thanks for streaming SuperBrony64.
Thanks for sharing your time with us SuperBrony64 :)
Thanks SuperBrony64 ^^
SuperBrony64: thank YOU for streaming
thnks SB64!
11,02Thanks for being here and enjoying the stream ^_^
anyone taking over?
/me hugwubbles SuperBrony64
11,02i liek streaming for you all and stuff :3
Invi|radiated: What happened to you??
everyone hug SB!
11,02It's one of my ways I have fun :3
/me hugs SuperBrony64.
CrazyCherry Spectrum_rush gave me a thermonuclear glomp
not SUMICA .... i cant stand anyomore mass effect
/me hugs everypony ^_^
he's like YEAH! kill the dangy thing! 3 mins later... Happeh kiteh has run outta happeh :(
/me hugs SuperBrony64
/me *snapflash unirradiates Invi for Spectrum_Rush*snapflash
Invi: okay?
you know you don't have to watch it o.o
too late DISCORD
Alright then SuperBrony64. I enjoy your streams of course, silly filly! (hugs SuperBrony64 insanely close):)
discord,what ever did we do
/me hugs SuperBrony64 back and gives him a rubber piggy
bye SuperBrony64
brb
SuperBrony64
/me noms on rubber piggy
r we playing the hugging game ????
/me hugwubbles everypoy
/me thx for streaming SuperBrony64 ... is gone again
...
anyone taking over ...???.....anyone??
hmm something fishy is going on here.
mmmhmmmm fishy
ooo i like fish!
ITS THE CLONE !!!!!!!!!!!!
xD
/me *snapflash makes ir chocolate rain for SuperBrony64 *snapflash
SCREW U DISCORD
Chill...
^
11,02Chocolate rain :D
SuperBrony64: Chocolate toast?:D
eternal chaos, comes with chocolate rain you guys, chocolate, rain!
the chocolate rain ...using u to (something) again
lol
Some may like but other get upset.!
11,02TheRainbowDash: Yesh please :3c
Hello My Bronies and Ponies :)
*IT
SuperBrony64: You get nothing! Good day sir!:D
ohai Stinkie_Pinkie
bak
wats fishy Digitalis
dammit Spectrum_Rush, are you leaving or not, you keep coming back xD
Good day Valoreins
gildash is still dead.....
Yesh, I will have to leave now, sadly...
Digitalis: bronystate is like a drug i cant leave
lol
But, I will try to publish my first fanfic by, say, 5/6.
lol
Uuuuuuh. My bus is in 50 minutes. I don't want to have to get on a bus.
Meanwhile: where u going?
Bye everypony! Hope to see you silly filles later today!:)
bring your PC to that bus
i hate busses
bai TheRainbowDash
Swindon.
Busses suck.
bya TheRainbowDash
G-Nigh TheRainbowDash
Chocolate Rain!!! Discord is causing it, Do not lament! (Breathes Away from the Mic)
oh bai TheRainbowDash
Busses do suck. And so does Swindon,
bye TheRainbowDash
Meanwhile: are u going to sweden
bye TheRainbowDash
oh god BRB
Indeed, Swindon sucks really really really really really really really really bad
Bai TheRainbowDash *hugs*
Like a black hole with a smoothie.
weh da fudge is swindon?
especially school busses, annoying whiny disrespectful kids
And remember everypony, slay classy. - Whore Dash:D
T'is a city in Wiltshire.
Meanwhile, at least it isn't Milton keyens or Basingstoke
in us or uk?
uk
UK.
k
/me *snapflash licks chocolate rain of TheRainbowDash *snapflash
So... Nopony is taking over the stream?
nope
I think they're sleeping
this mean things get silly very quickly
oh god
i'll just watch mlp episodes then while chatting here :D
i hope not
no one's streaming. Post ponies?
I don't think my nerves can take it
Mods are asleep - say everybody instead of everypony
THE STREAMS ARE ASLEEP
Scarlet: good idea
Mutterguy mods are asleep? xD
POST PONIES
I don't like the term "everypony"
so it seeeemss....
everyhorse?
I insist on using everybody
Simon2 why? it's something unconventional :D
i think it only applies if you're an atually pony
Everybrony doesn't flow as well.
Invi: just doesn't feel natural at all, that's all
http://www.lovecalculator.com/love.php?name1=Scarlet+Tangent&name2=Bon+Bon
/me *snapflash MODS ARE ASLEEP CREATE CHAOS *snapflash
dammit DISCORD...
either in or out. not both :|
Who the flying potato waffles is Scarlet Tangent?
due to sleeping mods here,,, there are more tendencies for a troll to appear here
Me
Ok
dang nabbit. Not today. I got taxes to fill
Who the flying potato waffles are you? :I
Actually my OC
Simon2 everybody is boring. you can say that all day to everybody, but everypony is a Bronie-only term
I am me, Meanwhile
what an annoying image macro this one... http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/295/182/0fb.jpg
Oh well that explains everything.
Invi: so you're saying, someone here isn't a brony?
Rev up those ponies
/me *snapflash well I never, I'm no troll valoriens *snapflash hahahahaha~
11,02Night all ^_^
Simon2 nope. I said only Bronies use the term everypony. Everypony can still use everybody if he wants to
Night SB
byeeeee
Bai SuperBrony64
lol SuperBrony64|Zzz
nighty SuperBrony64|Zzz :)
night SuperBrony64 ;3
this one is even more annoying... http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/295/081/602.jpg
and bai SuperBrony64|Zzz
/me gives SuperBrony64|Zzz a thermonucler glomp
*thermonuclear
termoelektrischer detonator
11,02O.O
/me dies
Actually, everypony is more of a pony-only term, we just kinda implemented it as some tradition thingy in brony culture
VioletGreySha xxD
/me casts revive on SuperBrony64|Zzz.
;D
But I dunno. :P
/me *snapflash good night SuperBrony64|Zzz *snapflash
t'is a tradition! as luna says..
Invi: What about farmers who own real life ponies?
hi Lasharus
Tbh SB the Zzz part of the name means you're going to sleep. Now go to sleep.
Seriously, you don't sleep enough.
Simon2 they use the word in another context
11,02:<
Go to sleep. Before I catach a plane to wherever you are and MAKE you go to sleep.
I can haz streaming?
/me sings lullaby to SuperBrony64|Zzz
Apparently Derpy is a G1 pony
srsly?
Blasphemy
Mutterguy: proof! now!
/me woops forgot i was still logged :$
or G2 (I can't tell) http://imgur.com/FHcqM
/me likes the lullaby ^_^
Mutterguy: MyMindIsFullOfFuck.png
Mutterguy: G1.
Mutterguy whoa even with cutiemark and wings
yea thats G1, and Carrot Top!
and the eyes
That pic's an edit.
inorite!!!
awwww
but it's g1
Mutterguy we need more proof
oh I see now..pixels
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/18587
i still think its an edit
hold on this is a reddit post
That was kinda obvious it was an edit
lol it was an edit
/me sleeps
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/18587 proof that it was an edit
lol Mutterguy
I need to find the derped G3.5 Cheerilee picture though
I just posted that, Invi
Scarlet i was off the page for searching that ^^
if we need more proof, we MUST watch a G1 episode that made that screenshot
I think it's on Ponibooru
/me would have been happy if it true
maybee..
The origional is on booru
It would have been epic
/me *snapflash dances on Digitalis 's head *snapflash
Mutterguy, Mind=blown
BRB digging Ponibooru for the derped G3.5 Cheerilee picture
tyt
wat
I just saw a Jack Noir pony in the front page
What is actually with VioletVanilla? I haven't seen her for a while
Does anyone wanna come into my Minecraft server? (offline)
im bored
S'up bored.
Hey
hey
oh i never updated minecraft for almost half a year lol
i dont have minecraft
Use minecraft 1.2.4/1.2.5 112.119.205.9:25566
Sumica are you awake?
Never played never will
Guys there is going to be a talent show where i am too and im gonna sing.what should i sing? : This day aria,B B B F F Or Why Wheatley Why?
SOMEONE!!! STREAM PLEASE
Here: http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/55933?search=animation_error%20Cheerilee :P
Sumica does the night shift and he lives in Vegas so I doubt he's paying attention.
Niced work!
SB is going to bed.
dude u should just sing mormal songs
dari could be awake but he might have stuff to do.
Okay, thanks Meanwhile
Meanwhile lik emonitoring EQD for us? :D
oh food finally! :)
no one's streaming. Promote my Minecraft server once again 112.119.205.9:25566
Invi: Since that's an automated script, I doubt it.
Meanwhile it is?
Yup.
okayface.jpg
anyone read "my little alicorn"
umm brb
hmmm i better get some breakfast and continue playing skyrim while i still have some energy left
i play skyrim too
nice xD
Simon2: is your server Survival or Creative mode?
Hooves dosen't?
Invi: observe this and cheer up http://derpy.me/mEYHa
what level r u
ghostbuster_EXTREME| almost everypony plays skyrim
valoreins: creative
okay
Meanwhile yaaay ^^
the character I'm playing now is 37
i'm in
fuck im only 33
Anyone played Twilight Sparkle - Teacher for a Day on the Iphone?
I'm gonna make another one soon
Meanwhile a awful lot of changelings ^^
11.•10«11WB10 (Espeon10) 11WB10»11•. 10- Make a boat or something out of it.
02*WB03(Espeon03)02WB* - * Espeon humps Umbreon <Espeon> *bumps <Espeon> Ahjdahsdsad <Espeon> WTF
Cannot unsee
but i have the deadric things so im cool

xD
I am lvl 48
Simon2: cannot move... wat happen :S
that is the Pinkie dance now ^^
valoreins: press t key
oh lol i forgot
is me or are they going faster?
no, just me
What's going faster, Mutterguy?
His mind.
Pinkie and PrincessCadence
Going, going...gone.
Im back female dogs!
we need a pinkie pie dance compilation on youtube xD
https://www.pcworld.com/article/254694/religious_sites_carry_more_malware_than_porn_sites_security_firm_reports.html#tk.rss_news
lol'd
Scarlet, does it work on an iPad 2?
not cool dude....:|
So no stream or just me?
Hi TheRandomkid321
dissidia.....
Hello?
Oh
TheRandomkid321 actually there is stream, but between the streamer and the receiver is a timehole that transports everything in the future
Spell-of-Gaming I wish i could tell you, but i do not own an ipad.
mr Sumica where r u and why arnt u playing me3
Hello everypony
moin Resonantwaves ^^
Hai Resonantwaves
Hello Resonantwaves
Invi... :|
:)
im very bored now someone entertain me !!!!!
:)
TheRandomkid321 it's not impossible ^^
Scarlet, oh, okay, but thanks for reminding me to download that app. :)
/me juggles
Np :)
Invi (o-_-)/(*_-o) B!TCH SLAP!
00,10Cause I was sleeping away happly till around 5 min ago
o lol
lol Sumica
I need to charge my ipad for school.
What time is it in Vegas?
feelsbadman.jpg
/me throws a cinderblock at TheRandomkid321 for the slap
ipad sucks.......
00,10was a long day so I took a nap rather then wait for SB and Slurry
/me bonks Invi in the head with a cinderblock. "Oi."
00,10430am
o in that case sleep
Mayhaps you should go back to bed
00,10let me finish waking up and fetch some caffeene
STREAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me gives Meanwhile the cinderblock back ''sorry :)''
00,10it's been 6 hours, plenty of sleep
Oh well that's ok then.
You go have caffeine.
meanwhile whats with u and cinderblocking people ????
I just pulled an all nighter
Sumica http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ix79n9gw_4
(0-_-)*{}-------\(-_-0)
I like the way the word "Cinderblock" sounds.
You mean liek that Invi?
and what does it sound like
My reaction time has been seriously compromised
TheRandomkid321 uh, okay?
caffein metal is funny ^^
It sounds like "cinderblock"
I just like the word.
sumica also stream http://youtu.be/Ktbhw0v186Q while you play me3
(~_~) Y- You dont like my art Invi?
please dont play mass effect please dont play mass effect....!!!!
TheRandomkid321 you need more space to do real ascii art
JRP2234|webchat: And now I know where that gif comes from.
Invi Im working under limitations here.
Meanwhile: saturday night live?
working on what >>>
JRP2234|webchat: Apparently.
my chat freeze
I'll take a shower. C y'all later http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ER8NbrYKoKY&feature=related
lol its nearly the second of may
DAMNIT
missed Drake
yep..im off to continuing my fic see u guyz when i see u guyz
Rev up those ponies.
I have a folder os ascii art... but dont want to paste it because I could gte kicked for spam...
00,10also acssi art tends to break cause small window is small
Well I want to try it but itll be too risky
hkshf
you cN'T USE SHIFT-ENTER
And then chat was dead.
eeyyup
Wow, that just made me look really bad.
hmm just a sec #test
Nope ascii dont work.
sumica you should play http://youtu.be/Ktbhw0v186Q while you play me3
In #test, I have a plus symbol next to my name. What means?
06.-.
Welp, s'pose I should go stand around a bus stop for a bit.
See you folks later.
11,02+ means you have 'Voice'...also, no outside channel links please
11,02Later Meanwhile ^-^
sorry SB
ohh heyy
Ascendany
Waht
t
Good Morning Everypony!
Did you see my vhost request?
Hai pyrocatboy
Im bored..think im gonna leave
/me starts singing along.
sumica stream my video
/me starts to dance to the song
Good morning pyrocatboy
/me wants to dance but cant
:(
Freee bird!
/me knows it's not really
/me helps Princess_Cadence dance
00,10I am not streaming a 10 hour video stop asking.
/me sleep dances with Princess_Cadence
Mutterguy: -starts waving a lighter gently-
/me uses a ipod instead
/me sings along quietly
sumica ...no i ment the video i made
dw
yay
sumica arnt you gonna play me3?
Heya guys
yay
You're gnna DIEEE!
so was this inspired by Dr Adorable or vice versa?
Hey Trixie
Hey!
ohai Trixie
........
Sumica: Yay for you!
So, how are the kids, Trixie? :P
good thanks ;)
Most unfitting yay ever XD
well i managed to burn my thumb while cooking. >.< how fun
nope
Just activated it
has Meanwhile been keeping up with the Child support?
00,10Some day you will be like me and have little feeling for tempture in your fingers =p
noope
lol Sumica xD
Digitalis: .........."how fun" THATS MA LINE!!
oops sorry :3
Sumica does that include scalding polenta?
My eye scar is so much fudging worse
Its all boody and icky
:(
*bloody
00,10unless it's hot enough to brew coffiee I can barly feel the hot water.
Sumica: Hiya there remember meh?
Sumica is renegade Shepard :p
Dickshep FTW
LOL Sumica!
I just finished up on a kick-a$$ ascii story. Wont post it though.
Dat yay
dat eerieness
This is the start od the game.
oh. Ive seen this part on this guys lets play.
yay
dat means it's broken?
-?
A storm? Are you sure that isnt IMPENDING DOOM!
uhhh what just happen
Datass
haha xD
SuperBrony64|Zzz goto bed
perv
^
SO MUCH FOR STEALTH!
Dat sniping action
SPoiler alert. That ashley chick dies @ the end of the mission.
yeah I think earth's is 100 times thicker...
poni should poni poni
Dat spoiler was a lie
I'm guessing Sumica's playing?
My game has Kaiden.
Eeyup
yay
Right-o.
Windows are for the weak, anyway.
sumica seems legit
SHOOT HER
THAT FEMALE IS A SPY!!! GET BACK TO LE KITCHEN
bored think gonna leave
None of ghose choices where very dicklike
Guess the fact that an unstoppable race makes people co-operate.
that an unstoppable race is invading*
cya!
Valedico, Princess_Cadence!
CYA!!
BOOM HEDSAHWT!
Lol
Om im gonna stop using caps from now on.
Actually, research is being done on making transparent cover.
I think it's either Japan or DARPA. Not really sure.
ded
dead
smart
Dat language
Go for the optics!
Yeah, biotics are the win.
yet?
Sumica what is ur bitrate ?
Kandarihu: Give it 10 years at max.
Kandarihu: Or nothing at all.
>Feels like I'm wearing nothing at all
damn sexy flanders ><
Sumica go the blues!!!
But no, they're not working on anything as simple as transparency. They've working on bending light.
/me still misses GilDash
Stuipid sexy Kammerjunk
Well, I doubt that such an armor would work against lasers though. It guards against bullets but light passes through.
wat
Dat yay
Kammerjunk: homer's response
Dat force push
Kandarihu: Well, it's your lucky day then, because that's exactly what they're working on preventing.
yeah if it bends light...
hi Phase4
8,1HAPPY BELTANE, EVERYPONY!
hi Phase4!!
Happy what-now?
It's sat boy
/me 8,1hugs EVERYONE
/me squeaks
Invisible cloaks, invisble armor whats next
hi
Steel_Masquerade: Invisible bullets.
And guns.
im back from the hospital!
8,1TODAY IS BELTANE, AND EVERYTHING IS WONDERFUL!
Resaluta, ofna01!
8,1summer is here!
Steel_Masquerade: Invisible underwear
8,1finally!
Resaluta,Kammer!
Well, I suppose that would make it more sensible to just make a mostly opaque shield with a transparent armor.
I don't even know what Beltane is. I have exams from tomorrow on, nothing happy about it.
invisible bicycle! >^.^<!
SUMMER YAY!!!!!
8,1Kammerjunk: don' stress, be happy! it's Beltane!
yay
winter..Boooo
Mutterguy that be so wierd to look at
Dat yay
8,1ofna01: of course i am! it's Beltane!
what game is this???
/me 8,1hugs Kammerjunk
explain what Beltane is for me?
Sumica: What's your favorite game?
So beltane was a gas?
lol *Yay*
8,1okay, beltane is the pagan festival/rite of the changing over of winter to summer
Sumica Healthyuncle and Mux are god
oh! its summer!
:D
"Beltane or Beltaine is the anglicised spelling of Old Irish Bel(l)taine or Beltine (modern Irish Bealtaine, Scottish Gaelic Bealltainn, the Gaelic name for either the month of May or the festival that takes place on the first day of May."
/me was just punning
/me starts to nom on Sumica's mane
ohai Simon2 and Mutterguy
Phase4: dat late reply
8,1the king of winter, the Green Man, dances until he dies; the May Queen takes pity on him because everyone is sad that he's dead, and she brings him back to life. then they get married and it's the summer
:)
Simon2, indeed
8,1hang on, i'll upload some pics from last night... i'm actually still painted up
herro Phase!
i am back from the hospital
8,1i was totally shattered after a night on the hill...
and then it's Summer time all week 7-11 CBBC
Shockwawe!
Sumica can u impersonate dickshep for shits and giggles
as head of SuperBrony64|Zzz s cookieh department SuperBrony64|Zzz has request that i have to give cookiez out so who wants one
hospitals arent fun...
nope!
IV's hurt
i think its asertions
8,1ofna01: why were you in hospital?
yah need to bring a book
no picc line? that blows
i had to get blood taken,for 3 hours
Mutterguy, i totaly forgot to give you a brohoof irl :( /)
i did get to watch Tron,though
Dat Liara
ofna01: Nothing wrong, I hope?
8,1ofna01: why?
8,1donation or tests?
is Sumica play me 2?
Sumica I never understanded what is the main plot about masseffect
don't worry, i did too :(
because im 15,but my body's acting like im 13,so i havent hit my growth spurt yet
JRP2234: think of the normandy crew as basically the galatic gestapo
and they wanted to make sure everythig was ok
ofna01: Oh. The body is such a silly filly.
eeyup
Dat turret!
is this me2?
like a baws
no me3
OMG yay
Shane377: Susu's playing ME3.
Night all
Thank fully all the trash cans are made of reinforced titanium
he finally got it
night JRP2234
It IS Mass Effect 3
No no, guys, Susu is playing Deus Ex: Invisible War.
Sumica this the import game?
INTERNET,Y U BE SO RETARDED?!?!
my bronystate page is working fine,but any youtube video has to buffer every 5 minutes
Sumica: Wait What? Not want??
lol
death.
death bad
death mean Critical mission failure
GOD DANGT
ofna01: Your ISP provider is feeling like messing with you.
Sumica: Oh ok!
ikr Kammer
Main plot is 'These guys are bad, kill them'.
want to destroy the galaxy
And dat ending
Kammer just explained every mass effect game ever
lol, in that outfit
with the n7 on it
i for one fear our robot overlords
what happened to Termshep?
Gotta go later
Sumi,where's TermShep?
this is dickshep
Sumica: But Liara's hotter
"I need your clothes, your boots and your facial augments."
as is ashley
Tali is awesome.
She's the best character in the entire game.
seems legit
...Along with Legion.
LC = Lieutenant Commander
Could somepony get me a link to Tali's face?
Leutnant Commanded
r
lord celestia
Ashley all grew up
lol @ my nick
thats better
aka Lord Baconmane!
Baconmane!
But dialog is hard!
WHAR?
Sumica: U ded
i wonder
huh
-Phase4 isnt a valid nick
ded
Dat push!
is this on insane?
Gee, who would have guessed?
i dunno
lol Phase4- Phase4
Sumica: Ever played Halo?
internets being derpy,should i reset it or just deal with it?
Halo is too mainstream.
Lol
/me wonders who ___ is
You should heal up, Susu.
[22:28:17] [WHOIS ___] IP: 79.133.sxn.xg (i'm a loser baby, so why don't you kill me?)
"It's a trap!"
BRB!
Bots are wallhackers.
Hello all.
brb,gonna reset mah interwebz
This is what you get for playing on Insane.
@pony
Sumica: Is it DickShep time soon?
Still ded.
whoa total recall
welcome to masseffect 3 where the bs just keeps stacking up
Allonsy!
Ohai, Mornin' guys
Because you killed him
I'm tired ZzZ
thegt90: Only the ending is that bad, really. I mean, the gameplay itself certainly brought some good additions (But then again, it also took away being able to sheath my bloody weapon).
i know ive played it on ps3
Will I get arrested for this?
MUCH better!
ASDF-movie
Well, they claim it's because consoles didn't have enough memory, which just sounds silly to me.
Hello Gunthler|School.
Salve, Gunthler|School.
LOOK OUT,HE'S GOT A NOSE!
http://i.imgur.com/3pFud.jpg
Loller Granade
hi Sweetiebot!
Good morning ^_^
RX-78-SweetieBot: Do ho ho.
Moin, Frank.
what part of the memory where they talkin about
Kammerjunk: Is that Roman?
DED
/me drowns guilt in alcohol.
do ho ho,that slaps me on ze knee!
again
DED
Gunthler|School: Well, Latin, but yeah.
Death was so nice that he died twice.
Can you do that? Can you die twice?
Sumica: Y U SO DED?
Kammerjunk: The Romans spoke Latin.
Exactly.
Idiot Liara
Si lontana,da scienza,cara,cara mia bambina,a mia bell,a mia cara,a mia cara,mia bambina,oh cara,cara mi
Da Fudge Liara
thats all latin
Cerebus has a lot of troops
Allonsy!
Cerebus?
a bus?
ofna01: If you're thinking of the Portal 2 song, it was in Italian.
eeyup
ues
thats what i was talking about
I almost facepalmed myself
DED
i meant Italian,not latin
It's time for face desking.
/me facehoofs
Sumica: Yes
/me heard that facepalm
/me Face-keyboardafihnsgsaf
You have to remind yourself that games are fun, Sumica.
/me facehoofs
chuck norris isnt a god! if he was,he would come to my house and slam my head on the keybaorsdjkdsghdgdfhjfd hgdjlfhhfuk dujdshk dghs kf
rofl
Chuck Norris is overrated.
Allonsy!
Who is Chuck Norris?
/me FALCON PAUNCH's KAmmer
falco
And I don't like him. Mostly because I've experienced Barrens Chat as well as the LFG channel when it was server-wide.
,PAWWWNCH
Falcon Punch doesn't stand anything against the Barrens Chat.
Sumica: You have a Banana phone?
CrazyCherry pardon your french but it's two words. Allons y!
i need to go play moar War INC
Oh
especially since Tobuscus is playing it now
Mutterguy: I've never spoken French very well, so I've always spelled it "Allons-y" with a dash.
A dash of rainbow.
Double Rainbow dash
I'm off for a bit. Bai y'all.
I don't speak or no that much frech but when isaw the video there was definately a space
bai
Bye RainbowAsh.
Sumica: Heal Liara!!
side note*
i kow
We should Rainbow Dash all the words, like so: "I-like-ponies."
Have fun, RainbowAsh.
Sumica: nvm
Why do two Phase4s exist?
@pokemon
@magnetmeter
hmm
dramatic cutscene!!!
DickShep time!
I know nothing!
Ash wants to be the very best like no one ever was.
apparently it's frernch for there
Mutterguy: Oh. But then the Doctor has used it wrong all along!
http://www.instructables.com/image/FS3N8LLFUNOXLQ1/Make-Your-Own-Nuka-Cola-Quantum.jpg Do want!
As if the english are goning to get their french right
what, you gave him tha bease?
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2011/09/life-sized-rainbow-dash-plushie.html
Do want!
Mutterguy: Apparently, it literally translates to "let us go there" or "is one going there?", but is used as "let's go" or "shall we go?"
hello everypony im back
nad i'm too
and ME3 o3o
Sumica: Interfere!
'sup everypony imma back!!!!
OWNED
Hiya pablez94!
Wait. Uploading data removes it from the source? Did EA's lawyers have a hand in writing this part?
oooh. Kammerjunk it actually seems legit. http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/allons-y as is you spelling
*your
welcome back pablez94
CrazyCherry: :)
seems legit
LightTrooper105: WB u too!
Hi LightTrooper105 and pablez94.
Light!
/me tackles Light
Twi_Fi: hi!
o.o
https://encrypted-tbn3.google.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQ17qXS0GwYAsxVnmFXM3rwItHfuUDS2MXWQJnOFb_XJakkvggJGw Name the hand!
how can one takle a light? o.o
/me is bored
LEEEEEEEEROOOOOOOY
...Least I have chicken.
DAMN
:O
O.o
wtf
AND HE IS STILL FLYING?!
HAX
JEEEEEEEEENNNNNNKKIIIIIINNNNSSS!!!!
shuttles have guns now?
Ramming is best gun
i thought those were the car like ones
Well, shooting might've had chatoic consequenses, and there are friendlies right next to the scene.
or are these military shuttles
no, those go in space
chaotic
HAX
LIARA!!!!
I need your clothes, your boots and your lieutenant commander.
FINISH HIM
ASS!
FATALITY
You pulled it out your ass, Susu.
She's dying, and shepard didn't fire his gun until a while later
FINISH HER!
from the games plot :P
Wow, this game....
I love the story logic
https://encrypted-tbn3.google.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQ17qXS0GwYAsxVnmFXM3rwItHfuUDS2MXWQJnOFb_XJakkvggJGw Whats the nickname for this hand of cards?
Ass. Assley!
Normandy is best spaceship
CrazyCherry: thhese are the pics i was seraching for u when i had to go! wanna see them anyway?
that mars' gravitaion is lower than standart earth has probably to do with t
Juuust asking out of stupid curiosity.
pablez94: Yeah sure
I thought it only had problems in planets with a high gravitation.
MrBen: yeah, its fine
Dickshep not being a dick? BLASPHEMY
Awesome. All I needed to know~
Thanks!
EDI!
Yeah, DickShep isn't really a dick in ME3.
CrazyCherry: perfect well then this is how i imagine Twi_Fi is :http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177457
d'aww
Dem socks.
where's that pic someone made of SB?
Socks are so 2011.
pyrocatboy, dead man's hand.
pablez94: Cute!
the gaming pony?
and this is pretty adorable http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177403
lurking
No such thing as copying in this universe is there?
not that one Kammer
Kandarihu: did you see the intro to the first game?
O3O
No I didn't
they have no clue how to handle data
ofna01: I figured, but R63 doesn't care about your wishes.
i got it
one sec
pablez94, me?
CrazyCherry: that' funny in any sense of "funny": http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177332
slowpoke
Successful DRM is canon, even if it's pure fantasy.
dat one
Twi_Fi: eeeyep
DED
Surely dats the heretic's anthem?
pablez94: O3O
Dat citadel of Sumi :D
this is EA game guys
CrazyCherry: i lolled at this one: http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177320
Woah music
LAWL
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFCZMEwl_K8
i cant stop listening to this?!
pablez94: i've seen that one :)
you guys know commander shepard is a brony right?
and this is pretty cool CrazyCherry :http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177295
his fav pony is AJ
Shepherd is best pony
yep
how would you know,Nix?
Nixoney: I think that would be optional
I'm commander shepard and AJ is the best pony in the citadel
Sumi is right
ok good night all
night
ofna01: Shepard
the voice actor is actuly brony
WAT
Really? I see
6_9
ofna no video posting during streaming but ur commission for SuperBrony64|Zzz is just awesome!
aren't everyone bronies?
we got gaben
thank pab
ofna01 no video posting during streaming but ur commission for SuperBrony64|Zzz is just awesome!
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m34uogNacF1r6cmce.gif
Notch
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JvPqHmw1G30&hd=1
and now shepard
can i show you one of my drawings pablez?
we also got shepard. it's true, rad it on eqd
ofna01: sry for repeating i wrong at pinging..
the video is telling us that shepard is a brony
ofna01: sure i can
thats one of mine
btw
who's next? masterchief?
the fucks wrong with the lighing?
hehe
who cares. bitch ugly
By the boobs!!!
ofna01: that's awesome!!!! and those three baloons are from pinkie right? i spied her cutiemark...
I CANNOT SEE HER FACE
can you punch her?
no you can't
yeah,their from pinkie,pab
she's "important"
no, but you'll meet the old reporter soon
you can punch that one
i like how she gets punched in all 3 games
then i realized that i forgot Dash's cutie mark
It's traditon to punch the reporter
/me facehoofs
it's a miracle her nose is still straight
Citadel!!!
brb
okay
hurr
Guess what I'm eating?
ofna01: it doesn't matter... but i prefer u to ping so i can understand when u call me...
thats what i was thinking Dark
MrSnugglewoods: Ooh! Ooh! I know!
You're eating food!
Nope
oh
by speed up processing they meen playtesters got anoyed with the doors
I'm eating apples
Honeybuns?
oh
dat faux sky
apples are fruits, not food
>:U
Oh, speaking of which, I haven't had an apple for 4 days. I need one pronto. I shall abscond!
why did they put boobs on the holograms
http://30.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m34uket2Jb1r468z1o1_250.gif
yadda yadda, now mod her boobs
Ask jappleack
Sumica: How can you become an admin?
CrazyCherry: btw pics i found were these one i have shown 'til now...wanna see more i can search for them...
oh look, banker-potatoes
Guys... Pony music is best music :3
^
on BS
no shit!
i think he means bronystate mod
*god
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/32192
Sumica: On BronyState of course!
Phase
:)
im......scared
like sumica, the vanguard of the code
where is garrus?
o.o
oh wait
that was shizuka
Phase4-: hahahahahaah
Sumica: Ok
Phase4-, is me btw, two clients and i cbf identifying
fluttershy?
Sumica: they're a new council
council are douche
so CrazyCherry wanna see more or not?
told ya
pablez94: Oh sorry yes!:)
CrazyCherry: ok then i'll start searching 4 them
Sumica: Did you kill them or sumthing?
turians are the best race
Sumica: ._.
Just be glad that the Reapers aren't welcomed on all the other races' homeworlds, protected from criticism. Just be glad they aren't invited into colleges to shape the minds of all these other races' youth in the prime of their lives.
reapers eat people. nuff said
"No! Reapers are peaceful! They would never harm anyone who didn't mean ill of them. Earth must have done something to DESERVE what the Reapers are allegedly trying to do!"
........................................................................................................................,
not sure you serious?-__O
.....................................................................................................................,..........................................................................................................................................................................................................................
I'm not serious.
NO
Thought so
You are not serious?
So I just found out that I have around 10 apples I need to eat before Friday.
I am disappoint.

Meta sarcasm
eat them all
Kammerjunk, apples are for throwing.
ouasguyasvfgsgäOAQLHIÄqgfäGFgfäOUGOQUFG
Heck no, apples are for eatin'.
Japples
to bad that sarcasm can't be heard ove rthe internet
Just the kind of things that would be said if the Reapers were skilled in propaganda.
CrazyCherry, indeed.
GET SOME RESULTS
I kind of tried to indicate it with quote marks.
Quote marks make it sound official.
eyup
"Ah Yes....REAPES"
Okay, sorry about it.
YAY
We need a picture of Marauder Shields saying "I WANT YOU FOR THE HUSK ARMY"
I WANT YOU...I want you so baaaaaaaaaaaAAAaaadd
@cat
@pony
But i want it noooooooooooow!
Remember Marauder Shieldd
@taco
Marauder Shields died for your sins.
marauder shields stooped a disaster
PUNCH HER
Why are you talking about Jak 3
she is the only person i aprove of punching
i have queston hows her face doin
HUmanity has questions, Like: Who the hell is a speherd?!
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177608
wow
Humanity has questions! Who the hay does this 'Gabby Gums' think she is?
!espeon
/me now belongs to Umbreon for 9 minutes
*Cue crickets*
YEAH!!
/me can't sing.
I am dissapoint
good morning everypony :)
hello Litwick
morning
hug him
first one:http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177500 then this one:http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177548 CrazyCherry
Celestia will take the reapers down :O~
damn it i crshed
with the sun?
i was saying
lol, one of those links crashed the client
Hello Litwick, the sun no longer graces the sky here for me.
>Bronies will forget about me in a few years.
lolno
here it comes^^
PAWNCH
NOW
lol dodge
XD
tabloid journalism in your ASS!!
this one first: http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177500 and this is right after: http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177548 CrazyCherry
Yeah, I think she's DEAD
nahhhh
right in the soocker
yeah
Huerta.
do { PUNCH() } whie (!journalist.down);
berta?
I just love the idea of her that when she dodges the first time, she will give you a knockout punch XP
Liara
Haha game over
Cause Sheperd can survive a Repeard blast, but a a punch by a female reporter? GAME OVER
You know, if she wants to interview him, she needs to schedule an interview.
nah, not in the future
pablez94: thx
brb
In the future, you do things by impulse
her hair looks green
sup, doc!
he he he... impounded
gotta love the doc
back
You can't be dickshep at moments like that.
bluuur!
Chakwas is a pretty cool gal.
"Hai, I'm Commander Sheperd, and my favorite pony is Scootalo :P"
Dat quality
ed tramur
Yeah, I can't really place her accent.
african?
'er vitals are strong.
The future of accents.
told ya, the FUTURE!
s/.([aeiou][^ ]+)/\1/g
REGEX!
No no, perfectly safe.
brohoof if you know what that regex does
brb going to eeeeeeeeeet
/me does not know.
/me can't brain.
I was told what it was at one point... i forgot.
:|
hello everypony ^^
ohai
hello ^^
Hello YamaTHou.
Buy EVERYTHING!
let me guest,its sumica streaming right now
dam o.o...
Everytime I see the name YamaTHou I think Yahweh.
Wait, AND LOVE FELL?
TWILIGHT COMMANDS YOU TO BUY BOOKS
who's Yahweh?
YamaTHou: Yup. Susu is playing Deus Ex: Invisible War.
buy all i want to see how she will react xD
Yahweh is a religious figure.
Susu??? is that sumica's nickname??
Sheperd is actually a major romance reader :P
tali gonna be mad
YamaTHou: It's what I call him to avoid rapid pinging.
Exactly.
oow
I used to be a marine like you?
Kammerjunk those my name bothers you?
and growing you a new one!
Until I lost my leg below the knee.
YamaTHou: Oh no, not at all. I'm not religious.
ok :)
Hey Ashely, Let me tell you a joke about an arrow and knee :P
/me rages.
they have mass-effect-utilizing toothvrushes but they cant deal with a simple infection
except the tube has a six month waiting list
seems elgit
you know yesterday i was playing and a guard said that, I killed him afterwards ^^
How rude.
Dark_Horst: Stem cell research was cancelled.
xD
So future people couldn't benefit from it.
/me wanders aimlessly through the abyss of chat.
Mornin'
Hey Airpuff.
I hate that bug in the docking bay.
It teleported me off the map.
hello. this is the future. we don't do that stemcell crap here, that would be rude
Kammerjunk surely some other country would have done the research
Who's streaming?
Yeah, it kind of does.
Dat sexism.
xD
HA!
Mutterguy: Nope. They didn't do it for the lulz.
>dreams of chasing small children in the woods
ô.ó
run boy run!
INB4 candyb- oh wait
/me is creeped out.
damn it why lulsec why did you have to go politcal... WHHY!
Now thats just creepy
i got popsicles in my pants
lol..
Mutterguy, for the lulz.
Dat pun.
Ah no Dark_Horst! No!
well yeah.... but oh never mnid
yeees, yeeeeeeeeees
Wat... who's having such dreams? =S
O_o
doorbells are too mainstream
Dark_Horst is Megatron
(beast wars era)
Why not knock metal doors with sledgehammers! =D
Mutterguy: i'm surprised someone actually catched that
... for someone to acctually hear it =S
good night everypony..
*cought
Night Valor
Why not.
I watched the whole series
Sure, why not.
Go for it?
Make us proud.
omg. I keep hearing her on the telly here!!!
noes!
edi likes her
Nya
... lol
AND SO A SHIP IS BORN
awkward
oh my o.o
xDD
oh wait she's british and not aussie herpaderp
And then my AV decided to restart EVERYTHING using the Internet.
>Same ship as before
I beg to differ.
Flare is here! :D and I'll be gone in 10 seconds....
Hi and bye FlareChaser.
say your words to me now.
FlareChaser: Oh no, you ain't.
You will stay.
Forever.
:O
Come play with us. Forever. And ever.
Sexual favors!!
Earth needs you! Buy war bonds!
I fear I won't get a return on my bonds.
Yes.
Possibly.
so in the face of the end of all, capitalism still runs everything?
Why can't I hold all these assets?
Capitalism IS everything.
Dat assets
Alright Flare is leaving! NOW! :|
again..EA
Okay, hav-
Aww.
No, this seems so useless.
Bye Flare... goddamit.
too late
/me cries.
sheperd should get national-socialism going. talk to the farmers, agree on a reasonable price
take the cows and shoot the farmers
/me buys Warbonds in Twi_Fi's names
*name
Lol, Sumica, I was thinking about Colgate too.
Twi_Fi: Don't Cry Twi!
-.- Its time... gotta go marching in town. You guys enjoy >.>
/me comforts Twi_Fi
o....o
Bai people.
Have fun, Airpuff.
Bye Airpuff.
cya Airpuff
CrazyCherry, :)
That was total bull.
Bai Airpuff
Quantum entanglement is the best way to communicate.
02*WB03(Ray03)02WB* - <Ray> 02I'm a walking CDC nightmare, It makes me want to hug someone
IM BACK B@@#$%
ghostbuster_EXTREME|, hello.
Still no GilDas
GilDash*
Das Gil.
she still dead ?
look guys 200 year old software
I got stuck so many times here.
She's not dead ghostbuster_EXTREME!
SHES DEAD ALRIGHT
Nope.avi
Joker is awesome.
joker is what makes the games good
btw wheres cadence
she's away!
Alliance standards is to bump into walls.
lamps and holograms everywhere. is it brigt in here? lol, no
shes dead too
dsahfdashf
NOOOOOO
Ze googles! Zey did nothing!
wut
NO THEY ARE NOT DEAD!
Dat music.
SPACE TECHNO
the Sims 3- Mass Effective!
DO THE SHEPARD!!
XD
thats sexy
and i thought leather jackets had gone extinct
/me is laughing.
Magneto?
do it
wat
What the hay is that thing?
holy crap o.o
Sumi how did you get that armor?
Wow
ITS SO SMOOTHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh. Right. I don't use Origin.
ohh
WHAT*S THAT SOUND???
CrazyCherry: it's space music
all the purple!!!
The sounds of space!
You're nuts, Twi_Fi.
You know that?
Not that -_-
or the air filters
ITS SMOOTH !!!!!!!!!
chilll
*insane grin*
I demand a sounds of space mix tape!
DickShep
pinkie pie colours?
PINK !!!!!!!
PURE PINK
Let's see... According to this thing, Sumica's favourite pony is Applejack.
It should be orange.
PINK!
Applejack, seriously?
CHOOSE THE PINK
YEAH PINK!
Yeah, you're right.
Nah, just kidding. It's cool.
done.
Do cyan for Rainbow Dash :3
Commander Shephard to the rescuuuuuueeee~
I say 2 months, tops.
i'd buy it
the music is so SMOOTH I CANT TAKE IT
I'd buy it for my bf o.o
thats a sexy jacket
Maybe 3. I dunno.
I'd buy it for my cat.
3 seconds
Everybody's dead, Dave.
I'm kidding.....I don't have a cat.
Wait, Garrus can die?
LOL!
i started ME3 with the default shep. wrex was dedd
fuck you, bioware
Wrex is awesome.
THE ENDING!
SUCKS
a libary? wat
GORRILLA TESTICES
Yup. The Alliance is composed of trolls.
Which is pretty weird for anypony who has played WoW.
CAAAAAAANNON PEEEEEEEEENIS!!!!!!!
why
oh, you
I preferred this place when I could get drunk.
i'd like to know wo designed the two showerheads into that oen corner
seriosuly, look at them
CrazyCherry, I would have been more wierded out my dat outburst if I didn't recognize it.
hehe Kenendy shooting zombie.....
you cant use them without inappropriate things happening
Twi_Fi: LoL
Kammerjunk they just too sick of the incumbrant warchief
Dark_Horst: Secret butt fun.
ROBOT VOICE
Mutterguy: Fair enough. I hate Garrosh too.
hey y'all
whats on?
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177613
Hey foxinator.
Yes.
yes you do
ahhh foxybrown
pablez94: lolz
actually, it's more of a demon from hell look
She's got Robot Voice!
HER ARMS R SO SLIM
05GIVE ME YOUR COFFEE
oh yeah, did you guys know that the sheperd voice acor is a brony?
Oh hi, Wrek.
05NONE OF THAT STARBUCKS SHIT
SCREW U THATS MY COFFEE
Hiya Wrek!
Starbucks is for silly fillies. And hipsters.
Wrek needs a hug?
wrek out of nowhere
05damn right I do.
CrazyCherry: :D
/me hugs Mutterguy
I'd give you my coffee, but I'm drinking it :3
hi there Wrek how's ya day been?
/me hugs Wrek back
Sumica: Wrek's here!
BIG BLACK COFFEE B!2@#$
just did 24 hours of gaming ... can we takeit slow today? :p
foxinator why you not ded?
0524h aint so much
05try 54
Nah, just let her stay there.
what game
meh i'm 16 mid scholweek
o.o
is sumica streaming?
derpy_pony: yep
Yup, Susu's playing Deus Ex: Invisible War.
nope, you were faster
Lube rifle?
And I shall abscond.
and so far gildash and cadence r still dead....lol :D:D:D
They're not.... Idiot!
they dead
No
yes
NOOOOOOOOO
yes
wot?
I vote for the manticore ate them
see someone agree
Sumica: Say something to ghostbuster_EXTREME for putting me down..
One does not simply walk into the Everfree and expects to live.
whah??:P
why do i hear random yeeys ?
yay
Dat yay
sumi's ping
woah
Sumica: Bad English sorry!
yay
death doesn't exist in equestria
weird :p
So, which ending are we going fotr: Red, Green, or Blue?
yes but there is plenty of it on earth
derpy_pony: it does
example?
blueblood
wut
derpy_pony: Not yet in the series but surely
well his blood IS BLUE
vampire
He be a vampire.
Sumica: ghostbuster_EXTREME keeps saying my friends are dead
there must be something interesting over there
why is he....
GLITCH
electrosmog
lol
and they r still dead lol
electrosmog?
lol
Death is hilarious.
/me cries.
my dog is dead lol :D:D
Flare is back! :D for 10 seconds again, say what you want to me, but make haste.
FlareChaser, hello.
Twi_Fi: Don't cry!
/me pulls self together.
/me hugs Twi_Fi
FlareChaser, where do you go?
Twi_Fi: Breakfeast.
my hamster is dead too lol :D:D:D
Hmmm. I think I'll go with Read it and Weep for pony episode now, since my previous pick has been picked.
if she hadn't such a moon face...
Sumica: Where's Tali?
oh i figured it out
the yay
Brony state is a mass effect stream
i'm rly slow right now xD
OMG! Shes a woodchipper!
Alright gone in....
3
2
1
and I say~ HEYYEYAAEYAAAEYAEYAA
FlareChaser, nooooo
OMG A SPACE HAMSTER
Flar..., gone.
I WANT IT
CLONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hamsters
in space?
The tatooed women from me2 left it there
see Spell jammer
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lls71eOmS01qfw4zy.jpg
HAMSTER CLONES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
he is a spy!
Sumica: Did you see when i had 5 clones?
THE SPY IS A SPY
they're supposed to be A LOT bigger
yay
and bred by tinker gnomes
caps lock is cruise control for cool :'(
and getting kicked
that guy look weird
but i cant help it i have touretts
whats the point of this game?
To win.
foxinator: ........
sorry
One does not simply "win" Mass effect
kinectic???
http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/1041bb3ff0c59391e6eaf5abeb7ba22a/1564%20-%20artist%3Amadmax%20bus%20cute%20doze%20nap%20school%20sleep%20sleeping%20sleepy%20snooze%20twilight_sparkle.jpg d'awww
Dat link be long.
But the pic is cute.
be very long
not that cute
Well I'm sure there is cuter.
oooouuuh
OMG!
filly twilight infront of shining armour is cute ^^
00,10Do shorten your links in the future
a poor little bird samashed onto my window!
i'l check for him back in a sce
dat typing
Dat window!
pyrocatboy: use derpy.me
sec*
im playing jazz on my computer right now !!!!!!
Delay between typing noise, chat window popping up and chat appearing in box confuses me
Dat quiet!
Dem things...
its so smooth i cant take it
im just sliding out of my chair !!!1
CrazyCherry ok when i tried to pick it up it flied away so it's ok!
wut
Who is james really...
he talks to shepard like hes the best of friends
where was he the last 2 games
>.<
CrazyCherry: fiuuu
they're all spies
/me hugs Twi_Fi
f-61... that's quite a few models
6 months? he should still be treating sheppard like a god xD Sheppard saved the universe like twice
CrazyCherry, :)
they r still dead crazycherry lol:D:D
Alright, I'll stay for awhile :|
what did james do.. nothing
FlareChaser, yay.
xD
i think i had an heart attack!
ghostbuster_EXTREME|, :O
what
What.
Sumi try and get the ending where beat the buck out of the twi girls at the security checkpoint on ur ship
two girls even
General Motors
Sumi, try to get the ending whi- wait, they're all the same.
ghostbuster_EXTREME: .................
they are so annoying, making me step through that force field thing soo slowly
WAIT THIS HE JUST SAID HE HAS A HUSBAND
yeh you just go up to them and beat them
lol xD
8,1so here is what I looked like last night: http://imgur.com/a/mn1kH
isn't it obvious by the way he talks?
8,1actually, i still look like that
i woulda done the green ending but it didnt show up for me
annoyed
Kammerjunk|Away: it's a rune
the husband of your husband is your wife
Actually, I look at humanized MLP stuff....at night.... <.< >.>
(or an upvote)
Oh.
http://funnyjunk.com/funny_pictures/3613664/Playing/
CrazyCherry: OMG hahahahahahah
8,1it's the rune "Teiwaz"
http://9gag.com/gag/2531038
8,1it symbolises courage
best nerd ever, CrazyCherry
I am not good with rune.
8,1http://www.mystic-mouse.co.uk/Runes/Teiwaz.htm
/me facehoofs at CrazyCherry image
"Tyr, the Norse god of war" Isn't that Tor or Thor?
Ahhh
now i see
I mean, "Tyr" means "bull".
Oh, wait. I'm confusing religions again.
http://imgfave.com/view/2041957
Apparently Teiwaz can signal waning and decay when reversed during a reading.
hey kids! guess what?
> 9gag and funnyjunk
Therepy no Jutsu!
9gag sucks :|
CrazyCherry, lol.
9gag isn't 4chan. That's both a good and a bad thing.
i don't like either of them :|
No gay sex please
...
wtf\
Hello everyone
i dunno
9gag brings stuff into mainstream that was old on 4chan 2 years ago
Ello there, everypony.
Salve, Cobellanez.
I'm gonna ignore that
gay porn.....
Et Malavolent.
Hello Malavolent.
hi Malavolent
hy
What are we watching?
hi foxinator
ME3
me3 by sumica
/me is sleepy
/me wishes runes could be typed out with the keyboard.
lawl
8,1heh, in those pics i'm wearing my Mare-Do-Well hoodie
derpy_pony: .... :l Are you implying 9Gag makes anything popular?
derpy_pony: On this, I agree. I don't really like seeing people at school open up their laptop to a trollface wallpaper.
dat iron man armor
BURN BABY BURN
hi Malavolent !
Memes in real world topic? I like that.
Sumica, you should call it a new day and keep playing.
ghostbuster_EXTREME|: *sings* DISCO INFERNO!
derpy_pony: Dat tab fail?
Damn you google chrome!!
moment...the other one... PrincessDismo
yes
Sumica is gone.
/me is sad.
Oh wait.
he's still there xD
/me cheers Twi_Fi
he has disappear !!!!!
/me on 4chan
/me hugs Twi_Fi
I maded a disappear.
ohh now hes back
Why do I keep thinking Sumica is a girl?
big screen
b120ny
Malavolent: I know, I do the same when he's not streaming.
and hes gone again
NOW he's gone Twi_Fi ...
NOOOOOOOOO
lol xD
Chillax, yo.
/me hugs Twi_Fi
and...................... hes back.
Kammerjunk: And then I'm always kind of dissapointed, when there is manly voice.
motherfu-
yay
>.<
BOOM GOTCAH
SOS
Sumica, SOS, hint hint.
DERP
the luna republic.....
Sumica: LUNA!
too...much....4chan...
Vivat Nox!
Whats up mah Bronies, and Ponies :)
awwww yeah :D
hello everyone again
Hey Stinky_Pinkie.
G-Day Twi_Fi
Hello Yahweh, I mean YamaTHou.
Oh, this looks far out.
05anyone here would like to join me adn midnight_tempes on ogame?
is tahta game?
05t*
I can totally dig this game.
00,10ogame?
WhATE Game Wreck?
hahaha
slight sound lag
Oh, not a game, right. That's so bogue.
this SHIT IS THE HYPEST
Stinky_Pinkie: >Wreck
Wrek: me
05take farmville but remove everything bad and place it in shapce with battleships and colonies n shit
wath is this?
00,10sounds FUn™
Wrek: StarCraft :l
Dat music is so loud
I would, but I need to go soon.
Lolz oh if it's on live stream i aint watching atm, i'm just in the chat room and watching some utube vids PincessDismo But nah i don't wana join
all i hear is ohw ohw pjuiiw
sorry Wrek, buddy.
Sumica: this game is awesome it goes on music rythm!
Wrek yeah...
Sumica: I can't hear you!
Wrek: Is that skinney? That sounds far out, man. It almost sounds bogue.
05wat?
Alright I need to go! :D
cya
G-Bye FlareChaser
Bye flare.... gone.
sound is late!!!!!!!!!!
Cya!
I think the audio is slightly desynched
05poor twilie
...I don't know. I've been watching stuff from the 70s lately.
buying black window blinds was a stupid idea. they heat up the room.
the ogame thing
lol
and hes gone
well that wasn't smart
05what about it?
No Stream no more....
goodmorning everypony :3
Silly colors
/me hugs everpony :3
gm Tarku
Hey Tarku
that luna!
Hello Tarku.
lol derpy_pony I see why you bought em. Your purchase fits you well with your name
Hiya TarkU!
and now hes back
00,10that should remove the sound delay
wat
Silly derpy
yfw this is the unedited version.
00,10altho my mic wont work now
Wat.
just expressing mild enthusiasm
Oh yeah, now I remembered that I wanted to download TF2
05what are you trying to say Kammerjunk
Wat.
I don't even know anymore.
Is that... fulmetal alchemist?
wtf
WAT.
Clearly making sense is too mainstream for Kammerjunk now
RX-78-SweetieBot: Right on, man.
WAT.
lol
WAT.
Look at my lightbulb.
@_@
O_O
6_9
OMG
Look at my watts.
This song
YTP. i love it no snese 4 life.
:O
Dat Napoleon X.
WAT.
Napoleon XIV*
WAT.
what.da.fuck
All of my wat.
WAT.
LOOOOL
omg
/me eats all the wuts
Wat.
:l This song...
Matrix music?
WAT.
This fits too well.
WAT?
i dont get it
AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW :3 FILLY RARITY <3
ROCK!
this is so epic... i love bronystate
Football
Looking forward to Ponies the Anthology 2.
/me dances!
Dat dance
:D
inb4 it gets Duke Nukem Forever syndrome
WAT?!?!?!?!?!?!
No
my vid freeze
Refresh
awww
mine too
Refresh
now its back
woo Brando
00,10just press play
LOL
now its freezes again
and now its bakc
00,10mips port hopped
lol XD
Sumica: Y U NO STREAM?
Hiya
00,10I am streaming
my vid now keeps lagging
Sumica: Oh.....
mine too
thorugh da fire and flames!!!!!!
05yay powermetal
lol dragonforce
Lol dragonforce
Is this the sequel to pony anthology???
Dancing Queen :3
Can Can
ABBA
00,10i am not seeing any lag
05neither am I
/me 's stream is perfect.
:l .....
LOL
/me is pleased.
No lag here :D
ooww..maybe its my pc
no lag for me
still there????
X'D
/me looks through bag.
00,10Fenton!
now its better
Wow
i dont like to move it
What the fuuuuu
/me 's stream is perfect
I have so many wuts in here.
Wat.
lag
Wat...
godzilla
Austin Powers.
fento???=3?
Wat.
hehe xD
my stream is still lagging
wat
@_@
Wat.
Dat picture.
Oh god my sides
oh
Oh god no
05ITS SO TRUE RARITY!
???
This is so... wrong.
FEAR
wtf
ghostbuster_EXTREME|: Do you have alot of stuff open?
Dayum
This feeling I have now.
@_@
What..
no
I name it: FEAR
WHAT IS THIS? crap...
Dat duck
please no
that was terribad xD
and all da magic goes at bitches.
05this could have been it
this is so......weird..
What was the previous video, the one with the static intermissions?
Wow humanised
ahahah
oh god.
Oh......GOD
OH GOD!!
pinkie
dat animation @_@
D:
Pink
oh
my
O.O
jflsdajflasjfl
OH NOES!!
Run!
Who broke the pinkie promise?
there is a room free for under below the sugarcube corner :)
run!
05queue the icneption horn
Tell my children, I LOVED THEM! Wait...I dont have children :|
/me run away scared
+you
now what??
Wrek nope.
lag -_-
OH GOD!!!!!!!!!
"FOREVEEEEEER!!!!!!"
FUCK U PINKIE YEAH THATS RIGHT GET BACK DOWN
there we go
where is this going??
05i said queue
No shes returning
:O
forever....
Who broke the Pinkie promise?!?!?!?!?!??
That scared me
I GOT IT!!!!! YEAH!!!
too much
Ohai Xeli
NOO!OOOOOOOO!!!!!
i never seen that vid b4!!!
i'm a genius!
BWONG
Dem Fort Knox Ponies.
05I'd totally break a pinkie promise if it meant pinkie would come and kick my ass
/me dances!
lmao xD
DJ-PON3!
8,1dat masochism
Wrek: ........that might work...
wanna dance CrazyCherry ?
00,10it's pinkie, it would be worth it
pablez94: why not?
Wrek, the problem is that you would have to have met Pinkie to make the promise in the first place.
what was the name of the dramatic pinkie video?
/me Dances
Pinkie Pie is best......what thisisscary
05nah I have her skype
/me dances with CrazyCherry
What? HOW!
wow
RD
mines is lagging
mine*
mine's not lagging
YamaTHou, did you refresh the stream embed?
Needs more Fluttershy boop.
mine is fine :p
boop
YamaTHou: mine neaither
and now its not
Dat gummy
Mine is fine.
neither*
Epic sax Spike.
00,10wonder if mips is being a pita
05i like how they edited pinkie in this sequence
05well done
a pita? like the sandwich thingy?
dat discord :D
00,10he wrek i got one for yah
> >
Dat Colgate.
< <
the air ...i feel the air
FOR SHAME
da fuck?
Ugh, not that video again
oh god
oh god!
wuuuut?
Yay! xD
:D
Wat.
This vid makes me happy.
05I say like this
not this again
hahaha
fill you heart with sunshine sunshine! :)
My therapist will not be pleased.
Oh noes
05the proper pony player character mod looks better
05but this is fun aswell
skyrim, cupcakes version
not sure if disturbing or funny.................
this is a helmet, right?
00,10have not see that one yet wrek
00,10that the one where you are a pony?
awesome hoof bump
YamaTHou Can't it be both?
Dat fighting
Handlebars is such a good song
Alright gotta go bye
05yeah
Dat add
00,10did't know it was done.
bye FlareChase
05the animation is still a bit worky but it looks extremply promising
r
Bye Flare....
00,10Will have to check it out
05magic works via horn alreayd n such
why
a head roll ballet
00,10yeah same guy that made this made that one
cool
Why won't you accept my goodbyes, FlareChase!
05also
Wait what
05no matter what i draw
Legend of Korra is in 720p?
05nothing have yet to win over my vinyltavi in bed
hello
Hello Abbez1337.
wsup?
lol
Is Legend of Korra only available in 720p????
00,10oh so far as fan favs?
ooo not this one
05lets analyze
05is legend of korra a console game?
05originally
Fo' sho'
no
its a show
05is it a port?
Avatar?
Pinkie!!! :O
Pinkie puts the laughter in slaughter
05general analytics
YES
Buck yes.
>_>
05also sumica
yeeeeee
I only see 720p torrents
:/
05fucking wub u man
OH NOES!!!!!
00,10^_^
You going to play Socks are cool?
READ QUICK READ!!!
have some plot from another channel: http://i.imgur.com/0hdHY.png
^_^
05they sure are
:D
im still not reading lol
commands lol
:):):):):):)
:)
World would be a better place if more people learn from books.
... which book should i read
:)
05so
nope
lol
bad quailty
lol
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9
05who wants to join me and midnight on ogame right this isntance so i can do some progression :o
didnt see that coming
Dat plot.
lol
I can't connect to Skype, can anyone help me?
05CrazyCherry no emotespma
05am
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9
LOL!!
Oh no
Dat Filly Rarity
so cute
no spam guys...
Y u kick abbez?
00,10scootaloo on keyboard
lol
05becasue i said no emotespam
05and he did
sry wrek
I played OGame once, became boring after a short while
morning everypony! :) aahh there is nothing like starting the morning with a quest
but he did paste it like a milisecond after u typed that comment
but then again
CrazyCherry: u lucky u have been 1 walk to be kicked..
^ ekips
who know, do u even type comments
cachi01, hello.
hi twi!
hi cachi01
hi yama
wrek is a supernatural being that uses thought to type
pablez94:True
lol
Can't open the page.
obama is a brony lol
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CrazyCherry: that was a close one...
00,10dont take much effort to kick realy
this quest clearly lacks some "toot"
=_(\
05all you need is a neurointerface
bye guys see u tommorrow and your friends r still dead crazycherry :D:D:D
05and an USB adapter
why i love this song?
pablez94:ok
Bye ghostbuster_EXTREME|.
00,10would have beat wrek to it my self had i not had kitty attack my keyboard
CrazyCherry: whoah chat bug yeah!
lol
Hey everybody, here's your favorite #Enigma SAYING SHOW_ON!!!!
Kitty is best troll.
THE ROCK!
It was under EEEEEEEEE!!!!!
lol
ITS APPROACHING
R.I.P Henry
ahhahahahahaa
lol
god bless henry
05R.I.P Henry Boulder, tom will miss thy
;_;
Hello Dark92Enigma.
lol
i dont get it
R.I.P Henry we'll miss you!
that henry XD
;_;
Who is Henry?
yay
THE ROCK!
ui didn't
so how old was she when thios crush started?
j/k
BRONIES!!!
EEEEEEO
EEEEEEEEO
/me wants the new anthology.
but i sure do now.
HOLD ON. breakfast break LOL
Who here here has read My Little Dashie?
everyone i think
vinyl scratch!
00,10Soon™
I did
lol
I did not cachi01
me
and yesterday we saw the trailer
well most of us lulz
to those who haven't: get some tisues when u do
05queue inception horn
it's almost as popular as the unspeakable fanfic
CUPCAKES!
cupcakes is not unpeakable
ur right
rainnuke!
its unspeakable
people got banned here for discussing it
ohai SuperBrony64
i can hold it
lol
Hi SuperBrony64.
doubled
lol
05TOLD YA
derpy_pony: yeah cause grimdark aint allowed here
05FUCKIGN TOLD YA
PRINCE ALIIIIIIIIIII
I like ducks
*cough*
aladin is a good movie
*sneezes*
dat pinkamena
I'm so bored
I didn't know you could burn juice.
with fire lulz
00,10every thing burns down here
Pinkie CanCan
if only I could earase my memories and watch MLP all over again
Ask Twilight
The trick to burning juice is to light it on fire very quickly before it boils away.
i keep thinking it say prince ali is better than obamaaaa
YamaTHou: i have the same problem :(
To burn juice you must first find them, they tend to hide in wardrobes.
hey guys...wat?
LALALAALAALALAL
LALALALALA
HI DENT
YAY
Hey dentidiot.
LALALALA
Hi dentidiot
omg?
hehe
LALALALALALALALALAAAAAAAAA
hi dentidiot
bombombom
BUMBUMBUMBUMBUMBUMBUMBUM
BOMBOM
LALALALALALALALALA
PINKIE, LUNA and DJ-PON3!!!!!!
buffer.....
bombom bombombom
whaaat r uuu taaalking about
YAY :)
LALAAAAA
LALALALALALALALALALALAAAAAAAAAAA
thx for the lyrics guys
DED
oh noes
yay
buffer...
SOS
satan comes]
SHOO SHOO BE DOO
/me releases neurotoxin
Jokes on you, I muted my sound.
yay
S
O
S
Lyra is best sea pony
@_@
oh,my,goodness(facehoofs)
how did they get underwater anyway?
da fuck are seaponies?
00,10jokes on you I dun care
Shoopido!!!
OMGLOLWTFKILLSSELF
YamaTHou: SEAponies
YamaTHou, helpful as can be ponies
/me doesn't need reprogramming, is doing it herself
dafuck
lol wat
It was gweat!
Bacon and Applejack
it was great
dentidiot, evolution
THIS IS WHAT BRONIES SEES WHEN THEIR HIGH
haha oh god that voice xD
/me runs out of neurotoxins
crap
Hi everypony! :)
dentidiot, or you mean the pony and the kid? They fell offa bridge
ITS BEAGLE AND APPLUJACK
er
hi ponyloverforeva
oooh and then burn notice :3
Hurray for burn notice. ^^
Yay for Burn Notice :>
i used to a spy until i took an arow to da knee?
NOTHING
hi pony lover
ponyloverforeva: hey there!
bitchy lttle urls
yay burn notice!......what is burn notice??sorry for stupid,never watched it
what is this?
/me hugs everypony
I'm a potato and what is this?
/me hugs CrazyCherry back
Oh hey ponyloverforeva.
YamaTHou, sure you want to watch it? Kind of spoiling it then.
Hai ponyloverforeva
/me then starts tickling her> CrazyCherry
he s most likely a rapist
lol is this the offical usa channel?
i know USA hd lol
NOOOO NOT AGAIN!!!!!!
The_Greener its alright...I don't have any plans watching the whole thing :)
/me "bwahbwahbwahbwahbwah" CrazyCherry
sunshine!
buuuuuuuuuuffer
Fair enough, but watching the pilot would be better :)
I'm just here for the company
sunshine sunshine
from other bronies
dentidiot: sunshinesunshine ladybugs awake...
clap your hooves
narwhals nawhals swimming in the ocean causing some commotion
good morning Bronystate
morning
Moin
Hello OneTrickPony.
clap your hooves and do a little shake
mornin trick!
and do alittle shake! dentidiot
No
/me shakes
No shaking.
:(
I said No!
/me shakes
oh yes I love Burn Notice ^_^
/me tries to shake bt fails
she has no boobs
/me shakes with dentidiot while keeps tickling CrazyCherry
http://derpy.me/Mstbl
ohai everypony
I has to go out with my dogs!
hi jim
Twi_Fi: what u have against shakes?
hi Jim
hiya Jim
brb
/me stops tickling CrazyCherry "BYE!"
toxic mould
dat gay disguise?
bye CrazyCherry
Hi Jim.
brb adding sugar to tea
pablez94, bad memories.
brb adding tea to sugar
I like sugar with tea
TOLD U STALKER AND RAPIST
and full time employee
lol
Twi_Fi: there can be BAD memories of shaking?
yes
back
about*
now my tea is gud :)
Hi everypony, what are we watching?
my tea is gold
:O
dentidiot: okki dokki...
loki?
Hi DasPinkie.
bout shakin t your death until you fall off a pit and get hit by a trin while mid-air
train*
00,10Speaking of maniacs
DasPinkie: hi ...well i think we'r watching random stuff...
ill redecorate your life!
Oh ok then
dentidiot: oo i love makeovers!
s
is it me or are they the same guy?
lol
oh
PRESCOTT STALKER
PRESCOTT BANK ROBBER
blocked dem!
/me checks phone.
mac-10s
how organised he is
00,10what a twist
It's true!
OMG A SILENCED GUN
probably converted to full auto
very easy with early models
buffer -_-
so is he the bad guy?
IF THAT WAS A NOKIE HE WOULD HAVE BROKE HIS FEET
lol
don't ask me how i know that
SILENT ALARM ACTIVATED
this is a very well planned robbery
I wouldn't have any problem with the bank being robbed
ew ipad 3 false advertising for 4G
stay calm im an expert
PWNED
what's this show?
because hidding your identity is too mainstream.
00,10Burn notice
lol
that guy is evil
boom
and if he sees 3 cps?
you don't say
its only s flesh wound
should've used explosive rounds
tis but a scratch
would've been cooler
cachi01: use math.
uhmmm p?
then ill kill them all!
bang
mine lagged
choose
hai hai
dentidot: Then they wouldn't be able to negotiate.
hai hai Derpy_at_work
hi derpy!
do the chcken dance!
Hi Derpy_at_work.
SPY
He shoot keep the bullet inside.
he is spy!
hi Derpy_at_work
I spy a spy!
lol
*bang*
Jim: i spy somepony spying a spy
buuuuuuuuuck
the acting is kinda lame
my stream keeps on lagging
/me takes notes.
i spy somepny spying a spy spying a spy
Yay! I'm learning to cut through walls!
And then the scissors cut an electrical wire
and you fry
*metal gear music kicks in*
don't underestimate the power of a stapler
stapplers re awesome
Oeh Movie
Look for some towels, never leave home without your towel
i spy somepony spying somepony spying a spy spying a spy cachi01
spyception
I have to go see ya guys later
this is bullshit btw
Bai OneTrickPony
WTF LOGIC
Bai OneTrickPony
Bye OneTrickPony.
bye onetrick
you cant just attach wires to a cell phone and improve reception
later OneTrickPony
bye OneTrickPony
lol
bye OneTrickPony
were going to die please answer phone
i spy somepony spyin me spying a spy spying a spy
ANSWER THE PHONE!
bye OneTrickPony
Phase4: well, if you could, this show would teach people how to fuck shit up. wouldn't want that
Phase4: of course, they have totally not FCC approved signal boosters in their ethernet box :3
cachi01: how did you know I was here?
XD
SPY POWERS
HIYA
Likely story, Mark.
lol worst reaction
lol
Lol, way to end a date
Speech skill decreased to -10
00,10they are trying to say he wired in to the buildings network to use it as a giant arial antena.
that was the best exscuse
Hi MakerDusk.
i spy u. cachi01 nothing else.
i cant understand this logic
heya Twi_Fi
i spy a spy spying me
owned
/me glomps MakerDusk
/me hugs a Sumica
ouch
yay
cachi01: pinkie logic
The goon waited for him in the room and he didn't notice the drywall getting cut through?
lol
/)_(\ i dont wanna see
mine keeps on lagging T_T
must have put a pinup over the hole in the wall
00,10diggie diggie hole, in your arm
ded
playing battlefield doesnt make you a medic!
but tf2 does
And that's how I lost my medical lisence.
I'm back..............Burn Notice FTW
nope that makes you an unlicensed medic
hi Dark92Enigma
buuuuuuuuuuffer
Hello again, Dark92Enigma.
buffer -_-
I played TF2
WE GT SIGNAL
I'm pretty sure I could be a medic IRL
Hello, YamaThou and Twi_Fi
bf3 medic i just see a person in real life throwing medic boxes at sick people
xD
pills here!
and electrocuting random people
/me is back
I want a pony episode like this one.
hello everypony!
lol his killing him without anyone noticing
asks for liquid nitrogen, get neosporin
Me too
he didnt hear that?
Twi_Fi
/me no,s on icecream4
DED
DED
noms*
And a contract!
o nope...
nice guy robber
dun dun duuuuuuuuun
XD
lololololo
dat fail
who shot him?
DAT GUN FAIL
dat gun
this guy is genius's's
Now that's just awesome
Michael is genius!
this is SO AWESOME!!!!!!!!1
he is the next mcgayver
he's taking too many chances
ded
that look so painfull
y not get sas?
/me didn't think episode would be good.
/me now likes episode.
me too...
00,10most eps are good
Twi_Fi: i like this too
/me dint know it was a show
but if just keeps on lagging XD
how did they get the right to call the channel usa? :D
but it*
I feel so sorry for these robbers
elevator didn't imediately arrive; must be broken
united*
booooooooooobs
what'z the name of the show ?
burn notice
Are all the episodes like this?
00,10yes
yeah, thought it didn't look like ponies
bimbo
limbo
How many episodes?
00,106 seasions so far
seasons!?
Sumica: what is the name of this tv show?
lol dat trol
00,10Burn notice
are we goind to watch more burn notice after this episode?
going*
UNA LADRONA
00,10was the plan yes
:O
yay
hk?
HIDEN BLADE
this guy is srewed
he has a big bum
screwed
Oh hai Bronystate
kill him
Hi OmegaMetroidBrony
Hi OmegaMetroidBrony.
silenced or not, you'd hear that
i want to play goldeneye now
Yeah I know
not when you work with a drill, Dark_Horst
00,10useless gun is useless
dentidiot: wait not until the pause while watching to their clocks
ikr guys sont shoot his checking his time
Good news everybody!
wazzup omega?
OmegaMetroidBrony: what?
wat?
Tell us!
are we gonna die?
TRAINS ARE COMIN TO MY TOWN? : D
what is it!
time to get catched
dentidiot: that0s not a good news
I found out how to get free MLP eps on to the iPod touch
but they deserve teh money :(
OmegaMetroidBrony: -.-"
OmegaMetroidBrony: firt jailbreak
/me has no ipod touch.
Twi_Fi: me neither...
then get youtube download manager
then search the episode u want in youtube
download
:3
Sorta
But still it's awesome
No jail break
why cant i have dvd boxset
AND PROFIT
uuhmmm....I'm happy for you but I dont have a Ipod touch,but thanks for sharing :)
00,10move to austrailia
mxtube or yourtube2 work
see now the problem is that i like england
KICK
00,10I use Craveing Explorier for my rips
lag
im back what i miss
use aimbot
best acting
CURE THE BULLET
CURVE
we ded
00,10bravo
wut
he deserve the oscar
hahahahahah they'r fucking awesome!
this has terrible acting
owned
wow
i think this is where rd presents got his "you will fail" joke
00,10for every sprinkle I find on my icecream, you will all die
hope it doesnt have sprinkles O_o
lol sumica XD
yeey
my message was better
nice
yeey
ENOUGH
O_O
best actor ever
00,10ka-bwwwooooooom
knew it
lololoolool
convinced
I hope they had it insured
omg
trolololol
weee explosions!
Whoopsy
yay
explosive explosion is explosive
Suddenly... Michael bay
00,10he screwed
bang!
robber killing hos team mates since 2011
He didn't even need the bullet.
Well... I see the school computer doesn't like flash
Need to get away.
DROP IT*bank robber sauce*
...
suddenly laugh.. mentallity
oh, I thought he'd explode next
Now to Zeta
Woah, will there be more, I kinda like it.
Twi_Fi: u g2g? well bye then...cya
pablez94, nope.
now kiss!
00,10lol
dentidiot, nope.
dat favor
lol
stealing
need to get away? oh damn it need to GO away is g2g damn it i'm so stupid! SORRY Twi_Fi
00,10and this is why you never date on the internet
toxic mould!
cant hear u im getting a date on the internet
lawl
Sumica, there are some interesting ppl on the internet though. I just wouldn't trust any dating sites
well that was interesting
When offered free food: accept immedietly
and candy?
xD
but it has to be a white van
pablez94, it was my attempt at a joke from what was occuring in the stream, but i screwed it up.
but if the white van has guys disguised as clowns?
What if someone offered you ponies inside a white van?
go anyway
they have ponies dude
Jim @_@
Twi_Fi: my bad not yours don't worry aboutit...
00,10can I see the ponies?
I like monkeys
what is she eating?
celery
00,10cellery
Jim what a briliant question.
I don't even want any cellery
would be a good michael bay movie
00,10duct tape, great for furinture repair
duct tape, great for everything repair
Hey everypony
hey
hai Very_Silly_Filly
duct tape is good for everything
hey Very_Silly_Filly
Who's streaming? Their "Watermark" isn't there
hi Very_Silly_Filly
hi Very_Silly_Filly how areya how's ya day been?
what a story mark
hi Very_Silly_Filly
mission accepted!
Ahh
An electronic tripwire for a bank account? How does that work???
lol suddenly ponies
Hey Very_Silly_Filly.
lol
Damn it, Sumica Make me look like an idiot >:c
lol
dat House
Very_Silly_Filly: sumica is streaming i think
RainbowAsh: IDS have that
not this song
drop it#
dat house
hiya Very_Silly_Filly
also, dat Sea Lyra
:D
HOUSE!!!
wow
I love this bit :)
So much wub
my volume
it is over 9000
lol
wubwubwub
Waaaaaaaaar
ahahaha
it's possible to have a "bank account electronic tripwire" by taking control of the IT systems and setting up correctly an IDS
Waaare..DAMN
I guess
Caps
YAY!!!
this vid is precious
Phase4: am I wrong ?
the end is a bit weak
Phase4, is a master of spycraft.
Uakh, true.
dat luna animation....so...disturbing
It takes me 15 seconds to shoot 999 rounds in my hand minigun
dat script
sheeety
Dat DerpY!
WAR!
HUH
lol
party hard
xD
/me bounces
00,10the royal canterstomp
Dat clopping
lol
the horror...
hahhaahahhahaha
WHEN ITS TIME TO PARTY WE WILL ALWAYS PARTY HAAAARD
Dat music.
stream more burn notice?
Dr. Fluttershy
stream september!
yay
i used to be a spy
till
ya
yay
i took an arrow to the knee
What is Burn notice anyway?
Never had the patience to actually watch it?
more burn notice!
00,10it's macgyver + mission imposable
Sounds good :D
that's awesome
I'mma watch
story time!
00,10recap
What a story Mark
lol^
fiyuh
DED
Uakh, whats an 'ids'
buffer -_-
Phase4: Intrusion detection system
Phase4: Intrusion Detection System, such as Snort
YamaTHou: no buffer ere, try refresh
Mmm...I love Dr. Pepper
ah, /me is tired
happy times
'dat Dodge
is itjust me or is the acting in this show A++?
yesh
best acting evar
not sure what you meen by tripwire though, software tends to give no fucks and you can prety much do anything
I sense sarcasm.
hi mom
Sometimes, crappy acting makes it hilarious
Monty python for instance
you don't say Oo
Damn... to bad I can't really enjoy the stream due to school :(
click
Very_Silly_Filly: or The Room
That's a cool gun
aww man
gun in fridge
lol
classic
i think its time we watched The Room for B movie
/me shoots gun
Sundaysmile: I don't have room for guns in my fridge
oh snap
It's full of cake
fire!
Guns in the fridge?!
00,10Again twilight_sprinkle?
shoot her inda face
ME GUSTA
watch out for the crazed mother with a knife
Put guns inside the cake sillyfilly
I keep my guns in my inventory screen (No, totally not breaking the 4th wall
twilight_sprinkle, the room was on a while ago when the website was overhauled
Sumica: yup, its been over 6 mnths, right?
00,10no
aw
lol
oh well, ill wait
twilight_sprinkle: No, I think it was showed pretty recently?
00,10we showed it the first week, and again when we upgraded to 2.0
i guess its back to spaceballs for B movie
no good reason
we watched the Room when bronystate .0 came
@Sumica...the lag stoped!!!thanks :)
2.0*
00,10my plesure YamaTHou
Troll 2 :3
I also vote for The Room
the lag stoped -> yay
xD
I'm voting for Car's Life 2 :)
he's no longer a spy?
neverlagged to me...
nooooo
It's just too awful to NOT pick
The only reason I'll watch Troll 2 is for the meme
00,10I still want 2012
no confirmation
there is nothing good on ebay -_-
The only reason I'll watch Troll 2 is if I am feeling suicidal.
00,10the comfermation is reciving the newletter last night
maybe i should vote a space odyssey 2001 for B movie out of troll reasons
I'm not gonna do the lottery. I don't know any good films
he's EVIL
That you'd like
00,10Very_Silly_Filly that hasent stoped any one else
00,10Just look at some of the crap that is picked
lol
I love my retardly stupid films, but you guys seem a lot more srs bns about this.
im gonna go
seeya guys
Ta-ta
boi dentidiot
looks like a hard drive in a special case
seeya dentidoit
OH SHI-
A hard drive?
00,10Unless the film is bad for grafic nature reasions we are probably gonna show it
spin shot aaaaaaand im gone
sooo, what is that thing she stole?
bad acting and story has never stopped us
Bye denti....gone.
I have failed.
00,10Besides chat can make a bad movie an ok movie
yeah
so true
What would snakes on a plane come under. A or B?
chat is always funny
they are always dealing with a pro
the comments here makes any movie worth watching
Welsh_Pony F
00,10rateings and production cost tend to determin the movie
Welsh_Pony: I HAVE HAAD IT WITH THIS MUDABUCKA SNAKES ON THIS MUDABUCKA PLANE that makes it an A movie
yeah
samuel l jackson makes everything an A movie
ooooh i remember a good movie for B- langoliers
00,10keeping in mind B movies dont have to suck
by good i mean "good"
we should watch iron sky
doog
but it does help Sumica
00,10no
b-movie story in a-movie budhet is a great cobo
00,10plenty of good B movies
we should watch scott pilgrim
vs the world
00,10we have before
cachi01: ive been voting for it for over a month
indeed, but the sucky ones seem to be the most fun
Speaking of Mission Impossible, (what Sumi said a bit back) I'm suprised it's not been shown here yet
/me misses new pony episodes.
i will vote for it also
Titanic 2 for instance
(According to the "Past films" page)
14hi AE :D
13ohai :3
Titanic 2 deserves a C
is the
Twi_Fi I know dat feeling
00,10hard to say Sundaysmile
Did Titanic 2 become WMC'd?
It's so bad, even you guys can't not spoil it.
No, it's B
00,10Space balls was a great B movie tht did not suck
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1335880766937.png
ive been voting for spaceballs for B for ove ra month as well
00,10Clue was anothr great B movie
I know what ya mean Sumica, but half of us expect a "bad" movie for the B movie. And hell, I like em, it's like MST3K fodder
i didnt like clue tho i know almost everyone did
"This is your singing telegram-" *BANG*
Dat Clue Maid
OH MAI
00,10any one reconise Victor?
now im gonna vote langoliers, thats a fun movie
daniel jackson?
00,10yep
jack daniels
speaking of stargate
Oh yeag
I recognise him
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1335880768200.jpg
holy fuck, you're right
My mind is full of bananas.
00,10I like this bad guy
Twi_Fi: ill eat your brain then
4chan!
/me runs
oh shit buffer
so you like mmmbananas?
00,10this guy is such a dick
I wouldnt post unsafe things from 4chan
where can i see if a movie is A or B
mega-dick
imdb?
The shit is bananas. B-a-n-ana-a-s
00,10check imdb and roten tomatoes
thx
although I usually derpy.me them so people dont avoid them like scared little children
rotten tomatoes sucks
I cannot permit anyone to eat my brain.
Very_Silly_Filly: bananaas?
they gave biebers movie a higher score than one of the Star Wars
I am sorry.
00,10high budget and or high rateings is an A
NO, BANANAS....bananas.....bananas....my bananas though, my bananas fell in the fat
I am not a scared little child!
/me runs away.
If anyone can name what I robbed that from, you are consisdered awesome.
00,10Roten tomatoes has two scores for movies which did you check twilight_sprinkle
Sumica: i dont remember, but probably the critic score
/me continues running far far away.
since i know the general audienc ewould hate it
Very_Silly_Filly: oh! so u are talknig about tomatoes! u could say it before!
on imdb it got like a 2
00,10Yeah the people paied to give oppinions dont sit well
i think rottentomatoes critics either got paid to do it, or they did it to show how "objective" they are
http://derpy.me/oXM99
lol idk if in B movie i should do Killer Clowns from outer space
xd
hey where do u guys go to check movie ratings
it so bad
thegt90: imdb or rottentomatoes
Remember B movies =/= bad, but its fun to make fun of horrible movies xD
xd
CrazyCherry: hey i don't hear u since a while what happened?
That's a blow to the heart.
pablez94: I'm just reading some comics
Are all the episodes of Burn Notice on YouTube?
00,10not sure
oh ok,then. fisical one or r u reading them on da net CrazyCherry ?
00,10never needed to look
the movie i picked was a 7.4 rating and had a 5.5 million budget
pablez94: internets
CrazyCherry: may u give me da link i'm boring...
Star Wars 1: 57-62 ratings; fagboy the movie: 64-65 ratings. BULL-SHIT
pablez94: you probably mean bored
http://derpy.me/KOd-a
heres somethign happier
CrazyCherry: GRAMMAR FAIL
although after that the Luna thread I was browsing goes into nsfw territory
top critics gave SW 38- fagboy the movie got 58
CrazyCherry: thanks a lot
4chan.org is happier?
pablez94: You're welcome!
no matter how relatively bad SW 1 was compared to other parts, its never worse than a movie about fagboy
both images were from 4chan
which is why rottentomatoes suck
/me misses GilDash
But the link just shows the test "4chan.org"
*text
huh
but the first one didnt... thats weird
WAZZAAAAAAAAAAP
13thing is, rotten tomatoes uses actual critics to score the movies
Hazard: WAAAAAZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Yeah, I could see the first one.
hi Hazard
13which makes them more reliable than IMDB's user-only ratings
cachi01: WHAZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
YO GUYS PICK UP THE PHONE
But the last one, I can't.
ohai Shizuka
pistols at long range: not very effective
/me hugs cachi01
What just happened?
alright brb
I have no answers.
me either
SW1 cant be that much worse than fagboy movie
/me hugs CrazyCherry back
cool
real critics are jsut as biased as ordinary viewers
/me hugs Sumica
i bet they either got payed, or they did it to look "objective"
indeed, i noticed that the 8.1 rating and the reviews there about aguirre were made up crap
Hi Hazard.
:)
its called lissi und der wilde kaiser
or el reino de los chiflados
Hi Shizuka.
00,10also Hi Shizuka
hi shizu!
/me tackle glomps Shizuka
13oof
and how in hell is the audience reaction 64% on rottentomatoes, and yet on imdb like 20%?i call bullshit
/me hugs twilight _sprinkle
/me eats CrazyCherry
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Jeez calm down...
13that's why i don't use user ratings in the backlog when i can avoid it
*spits out CrazyCherry * OMFG IT TALKS
i think rottentomatoes just got paid, the audience ratings cant be that different whhen we're talking about bieber
Gonna grab something to eat, be right back.
/me attempts to hug back but accidently releases neurotoxin gas.
teehee
/me puts on mask
Oh no.......
I lol'd at CrazyCherry being eaten.
we need Maid Nittany to vacume the hat now
I am sorry.
RUN RUN RUN AWAY!!!!
*chat
/me burns them
/me hugs Lunaughty
Plannneees
:D
in 2000 years.........
I liek planes
What is this show though >.<
I never die
/me hugs RainbowAsh
I liek hugs
i liek trains
00,10sam has good aim
that car killed his wife!
whats the show?
i liek trains show
/me hugwubbles Twi_Fi
lol burn notice
Aww i wanted the i like trains show
/me glomps CrazyCherry
lol
But i did see a tristar in the background a mo ago
/me hugs TrixieMuffin
And i work on tristars :D
/me hugs all the admins
i stole your face
They all like chips dont they
i just go to a chip shop
wal-mart is best troll
big box for one ship
chip even
AFC
its reinforced
STOP SAYING CHIP
99.9% air 00.1% chips
sorry caps >.<
???
chipchipchipchipchipchipchip
chipchiphcipchipchipchip
A new challenger appears?
chipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchipchip
13oi
CHIPSPAM
no chippss
What is this chip?
....
13enough with the spam
wat a story mark
I mean shit.
=_(\
LoL
00,10mike be jacken your yogurt
13cachi01 you are on thin ice for spam lately
13shape up
Dat product placement
If you spam, you will be damned.
dat hand
i want mountain dew now
:(
diet mtn dew...:(
because that would work
00,10bow chicka wow wow
13diet caffeine free mountain dew defeats the purpose
giggidy
dat music
dat plot
slow motion stripping
only 39 spots left for participants on project endgame
O_o
shipping imminnet
that sexual tension
O_O
she doesnt have a cutie mark, what sorcery is this
damn
o~o
he gets boner in tight clothes "god damnit"
00,10all the detpacks
@_@
GiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedyGiggedy
oops
: I
uh oh
spam alert?
SPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAMSPAM
dat spam
what spam?
...
maps
you guys must love spam.
xD
ok stop or wrek will get giddy
spam is tasty
Spamming is not magic.
i love maps
because this isnt suspicous
hio
twilight_sprinkle spam is disgusting
good approach
hi glen!
wow that was a fail from me
he stole micro nukes...
http://derpy.me/8-Kly
Maps>spam
I like the edible spam. so yummy
u got that spam pic that quickly
Hello people
What's on?
Derpy_at_work: you dont like pork and ham?
i do
http://ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/177613
maps is spam
00,108grand worth of wire
cachi thank you
Wire is expensive dont you know..
Derpy_at_work: http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spam_(food)
but there is something about spaan that i do not like
spam
spaan..
Dark_Horst: u r welcome?
it's too...meaty
wut?
05seems like cachi01 is walking the green mile
Hi glennglog22.
05too bad i wasnt here
im dcing
Heya everypony!
-3-
what is lyra doing...
lol hi wrek
what jim said
hai TheMonstaMuffin
Hey TheMonstaMuffin.
02Angel~
02:3c
O3O
i hate romance
cachi01: welcome to wat?
13Raaaay~
TheMonstaMuffin hi
IDK IM CONFUSED
this is too soppy im outta here xD
SNOOKY SMOOO!!!
/me sits on Angel's head
02Flooff~ C:
Hi guys, and thx for the nice welcome!!
akward kiss is akward
Darn tablet shinanagins
Dat romance
/me lays down and starts rolling like a baby
hi everypony :D
hi loller
hey loller
hi lollerguy
Hi lollerguy.
/me continues
7me joins cachi
hai lollerguy
:)
hey lollerguy
CrazyCherry: /ME fail
/me ?
lol
/me joins cachi01
and whats the green line?
after this episode are we going to watch more burn notice??
it's green?
Hi Stinky_Pinkie
you mean green mile?
mile!
Hey lolz, How did you know i even entered
/me joins cherry
yeah
xD
lol
/me loses marbles
8,1https://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/574486_429045070441550_100000081835235_1673235_1171733974_n.jpg
this is thenew fab
dat font
rolling
And that's how i met your mother!
me and one of my bestest friends
lies
im missing burn notice... FFFFFFFFFFFF
camera taser
God that is one scray picture
I want one
8,1i've been doing Beltane with her for many, many years
Which season of Burn Notice is this?
Take precious memories which involve electrocuting people
i wanna know wuts the green mile!
00,102
lol
8,1Very_Silly_Filly: i really really did
:3
cachi01: Death row.
O_O
O3O
:O
05the green mile is death row
i should stop spam
cachi01: have fun with mr. jingles before you go
O3OO3O3O3O3O3O3O3O
00,10tazer camera some how gets through checkpoint
(\oAo(\ i want a hug
...the cop doesnt mind the two electrodes in the cam?
i wont go silly filly i will stop spam :)
:P
wait
friends dont try to killeach other?
No hug...
that guy looks sort of like arnold schwarzenegger
/me is now in the corner
When are we going to watch MLP?
00,10clang
lol
LOL
dat bathroom battle
sooo thats not what a friend does?
I love you corner
lol
05CrazyCherry: lol funny one
arnie is a brony?
13never again
/me glomps Midnight_Tempest
Right now apparently
/me hugs Dark_Riku
suddenly
:O
dat ass
get it?
yay!
I like the version with drums
Yay!!
suddenly pinkie pie
finally a hug!!!
Sundaysmile, sadly took me a sec.
wait for it ......
; u ;
http://twentypercentcooler.net/forum/show/5071 behold the list of participants
dat bathroom battle
now for something completely different
suddenly something else
she reacts like that with a donkey
hm? what's this?
but with twilight :O
blood
Ooh, anime.
dafuq iq that
Space combat with the use of cats. Wat am I watching?
with the use of cats?
gtg
13narrator sounds familiar
space combat with cats
bye foxinator
cu all later hopefully
00,10it's jet from cowboybebop
bye fox!
and pinkie pie, even thou she shouldn't be here but she broke the 4th wall
13ahhhhhhh
13 <3
sashimi?
any more burn notice?
:O
The One and only
farewell!
Outlaw Star
sweet
electric batman season 2
arenaide!
BTW how am i funny?
She sexy
I get the feeling that we're not going to watch any more Burn Notice?
h
00,10correct
oooooh, it'sm the anime where the spaceships have sword-fights
Well time to find some episodes elsewhere.
>_> *clock*
I hate this tablet -3-
Beautis!
why do i see hiroshi tokihima in every anime?
Somepony should make a pony song with this tune.
00,10.....
awkward silence.......
dat dub
is awkward
pyrocatboy they did. It appears in the beginning of every episode
00,10you meen like this?
huh
Sumica's not amused
gay baby hasbeen born
dat luna
dat outlaw pony
lol
dat dat
dat dat dat
who's streaming?
yay
I... wasn't expecting this... somehow my comment makes more (or less) sense
Commander_Shepard: Sumica
Sumica
PONIFY THE UNIVERSE!
Hoi everypony! =O
200 hasbro x
hai Airpuff
What is this? <---
xd
hi puff
xD*
Hai Aitpuff!
Ponified Outlaw Star
oooo
Airpuff*
I think they should have a new opening for each episode in season 3.
that would take
Like vids such as this one.
mfw I have no face
a lot of work
wow nice
Twi_Fi: For each ep? a bit much xD
S3 E01 about Bass Cannons and Epic Pie Times
Twi_Fi: Maybe three openings over the season? is motre.. achievable..
kitty! XD
Sumica's still not amused
so is there a rule of the internet yet stating that no matter what there is, there is a pony version of it; no exceptions
yay
lol
Ahaha
Fattonie, there should be, I was thinking the same thing.
rule 101
Dat voice
00,10Rule P
Key lime?
rule-u-must-obey
I like that.
Rule P
sounds good...
00,10hey that kid sounds famular
uhmm wunds like spike
sounds
Dating sims.
im off cya everypony!
soap operas: the game
bye muffin!!
cya bro
bai TheMonstaMuffin
Bye TheMonstaMuffin.
Good god he's annoying.
bb guys ;)
Coffee!
thats a guy??
Shut up!!
in the last episode I saw of this they were trying to kill each other and now they are working together? O_o
Oh, she. Never mind.
spike
MFW
THAT GIRL SOUNDS LIKE A GUY. I DON'T TRUST HER.
mfw you have no face
DAT*S SPIKE!!
TOLD YA
00,10Yes cause job offers always yell at you from outside
Gene Starwind. That is an awesome name!
Dark_Riku, :O
ARRGH ARGH PIRATES R FREE
Sumica, my favorite kind of job offers
He's Jigsaw
lol
always remember, the only winning move is not to play
O RLY?
*gasp* He's pissed off
and tko
Jim: I thought the same thing.
o3o I don't understand what's going on
BELEAVE IT
00,10middle of the day, guy is hidden in shadow
Dark_Riku: You're not alone.
Dat luck.
inb4 dattebayo
...telescope barrel. becasue fuck you, tha'S why
Pretty careless not to take the shot.
Lol..
IF! Im still alive.
still alive
00,10did it just offer whips and candy in the game?
dat game
/me is bored
Dat dating sim! XD
"mental damage"
I want you! I need you.! ... NOOO!!
xD
wtf is he playing?
Dat game
some "Oh Japan~" game
he's playing the Sims latest DLC
00,10dat hooker
bored
the guy in the game had some candy in one hand and a whip in the other :/
YamaTHou: I think its a dating sim.
REJECTION
Lol. xD
/me wants ahooker
o_o
Pedobear laugh xD
Shes got crabs.
she has pet crabs?
00,10nice bottle of SUR he has
/me hugs Lunaughty
A friendly drink, he says?
I find his motives suspicious.
jins starwind
Jean starwind. So hardcore.
00,10Laylong
yay hugs
and she went with other guy
inuendo?
spike is now genius?
00,10ewwwwwwww
arrrr
Wat....
WTF
delicious
yumy
Spike probably needs to maintain Twilight's equipment. So it is only natural.
yummy
is that food?
CtoCto
bewbz
... I dont like.. dybs....
/me eats it
dubs*
Or is this english?
/me collapses
he is black... he is oing to die
can I has trips?
00,10cant win.
/me trys it then asks for more
show us what you want Sumica :)
meanwhile at omegle:
/me chack em'
00,10Gonna start showing raws and every one can suffer
*check...
You: hey Stranger: asl? You: NO!!!!!
:( Yay
glennglog22: dat vid scared me with the hush now quiet now thing
I'm bored.....
starts finding bronies at omegle
hi bored
/me hugs Airpuff
bitch go away im trying to sleep
tentacles
CrazyCherry: Madness!
Oh no
madness?
this is sparya
Yay~
Wat.
13good dubs are good, like bebop and stand alone complex
*sparta
What a jackass.
bang bang
Airpuff:What?
00,10shows over he dead
english dubs are okay most of the time, but german dubs are horrible ~.~
13original VAs tend to get the emotions across more effectively, english VAs just yell everything
How rude.
that scary face
CrazyCherry: Good question. x)
Dream!
that was fast
00,10English Dubs have been gting better.
o its was dream
Shizuka: Watch Black Lagoon. Thats an awesome dub.
talking about stand alone complex, didn't you show that at some point?
well.. sumica.. might be true.. but some of them.. are just... terrible..
that chick is so annoying
13sumica was showing it once
13and i think he showed the movie
13solid state society that is
Ofc.. i guess its better than the japaneese talking english... lol
00,10I tryed to show it. it was too deep for the viewers
how come he stopped?
00,10tryed the eps too Shizuka
Black lagoon is awesome!
13yeah i remember that
Welp, imma go guys. cya :D
13last one i remember you showing was portraitz
...what do you mean, too deep?
I got dinner now o.o cya
@_@
00,10Might try it again some time seems to depends on the time I show it
13stand alone complex is a very cerebral show, lots of dialogue in between action
alright, we'll call it a draw
13people ended up getting lost :3
wat just happened
da fuck just happen?
00,10dats alot of weapons
anyone here ever seen Dead Leaves?
of course there's diologue, it's about detective and police work
Nothing
DAMN MY LAP TURNED OFF AND I MISS THE HAWT SCENE :[
/me hugwubbles everypony
fuck buffer!
Whoevers streaming, after this is over can you show Black Lagoon?
well g2g my bro wants to play minecraft -_- and my mom is forcing me to ive him the laptop
BYEEEEEE
looks like some CoD game
Jean confirmed for Worf
Bye cachi01.
/me bursts into flames
Anybody here good at geography?
geomancy?
no
00,10team battle
GeographyI need natural hazards of Uruguay
whos streaming?
pyrocatboy, I think Sumica is.
13sumi is streaming
00,10dat timeing
suddenly everyone stop chatting
13yayWHOA
action, can't chat
Sumica: after this is over can you show Black Lagoon?
00,10nope
00,10cause I dont have it
Sorry, I don't know much about geography Trixie.
Sumica: ok
:(
ded
THE END
DED
OMG hes the courier!
DED
I'M BACK
thought you were hot, guess what? you're not! you are dead, dead, dead
Did that assassin commit suicide?
00,10and they all lived......somehow
They are just that awesome.
main characters die silly
00,10his gun rimfired
13is that spike
bandages heal all wounds
main characters dont die silly **
Spike, send a letter.
Wat?
lol
hazanko and gene have a dinner dat!
hax
He's a zombie!
date*
da fuck???
They should have cremated him
00,10oki Shizuka
13<3
*GASP*
Guns can actualy malfuntion like that.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gMAhGnH8SO8&feature=relmfu
/me is quiet because of the boredness...
now what?
Awww yeah! :D
ghost stories?
13first things first, a preview of the new intermission i'm working on
wut
13there will eventually be stuff in the middle
No. Not you too.
hey guys
not bad
00,10really? we are going with 20 min one?
Dat intermission.
And hey alexxm.
Hai alexxm, how has your day been?
I disapprove of that intermission to be honest :/
my recommendation is to do away with the time
Princess_Cadence: Cadence!!!!
timer*
You will NOT censor Derpy also.
CrazyCherry!! :)
you might need more time depending on the situ
You could just change the time at the bottom Sumica, shouldn't be too hard
good RainbowAsh how about you
/me fangirl squeal
I love this song <3
00,10this is not me
alexxm, ok so far.
00,10not the lack of fleur
00,10note*
So this is going to be on for 18 minutes?
so.....who's streaming right now??
Indeed Fleur seems to be absent.
00,10Roseluck = Shizuka
I kinda miss the smooth jazzy music of the old one
02*WB03(Aurora03)02WB* - <Aurora> 06I acknowledge I have issues, I am ok with it
11.•10«11WB10 (Aurora10) 11WB10»11•. 10- refridgerating a phone extends its life
This lacks derpy
/me ponders this fact.
00,10supprised I have not seen Filly Shizu linked recently *cough*
If you have Derpy on this intermission, I won't complain.
Ah, I thought Shizuka meant that this was just the preview of it and that it won't actually be 20 minutes xD
you did it, I'm installing Sim City 4 again..
I wish i had Sim City 4, I miss it :(
my siblings decided to scratch it up and break one of the disks..
00,10Rushhour made it kind too easy
memories of sim city.....coming back
00,10and I miss natural disasters
good times...
actually, I still have SimCity 2000 lying around somewhere
00,10why would you removed randome desasters from the game maxis, why
Well, bed time has come. See ya everypony!
Cya Twi_Fi
bye Twi_Fi
This gonna run for 15 mins?
00,10night Twi_Fi
Luckily i have all the tracks for Sim City 4, i got it somewhere on my laptop
and cya Twi_fi
00,10think i am gonna grab a nap before work as well, bbl
so what happens after the 15 minuets?
/me is quiet because of the boredness in the hospital
00,10magic
chat explodes Tamathou
yay magic
CrazyCherry: that comic is AWESOME seriously!
Keep the Derpy one honestly. This one is just lazily made compared to it.
http://i.imgur.com/u7Fc6.jpg
its' not finished yet Litwick
^
pablez94: I know right?
CrazyCherry: but it's not complete...what a shame...
took the words from my err mouth xD
00,10Oh chat, why do you have no reading comprention
pablez94: Eeyup!
00,10<@Shizuka> first things first, a preview of the new intermission i'm working on
00,10<@Shizuka> there will eventually be stuff in the middle
hm... intermission. fun.
Silly silly ponies
yay
old music!
yay
Civilization
Smooth jazz tiem?
This jazz is so smooth
00,10incase you had not noticed the intermision tends to run longer then 10 min most of the time.
smooth jazz time
/me slides across the floor
have you guys heard about the SCP game
http://i.imgur.com/u7Fc6.jpg
00,10So Shizuka is taking the time to make a longer one
yeah alexxm
hey alexxm i didn't noticed ya how are u? how's ya day been?
020_o
02bbl
you think it will be good SundaySmile
looking forward to it
pyrocatboy: hahahahahah
i've been good pablez94
11.•10«11WB10 (Aurora10) 11WB10»11•. 10- refridgerating a phone extends its life
11.•10«11WB10 (Espeon10) 11WB10»11•. 10- Make a boat or something out of it.
02*WB03(Kyu03)02WB* - <Kyu> 07you all suck XD
they just com-
yeah
Digitalis: LOL
I hope so, it's already got one of the most popular SCP creatures in it
06alright..
alexxm: that's a good new
06Logickz?

lol MahBoi777 xD
splits don't last long usually
known to some as that Weeping Angel creature
you recken it'll have 628 in it SundaySmile
I couldn't resist
XD
SCP?
kind of awesome that everyone who got booted off had autorejoin
they've made an SCP game ekips
which one's that alexxm? Can't remember the numero's since there's like over 500 of em
what does SCP stand for?
/me explodes
the one they always try to kill but can't SundaySmile
SOPA coned pootis
noooooooooooooooo
13so like i said this is just a preview, there will eventually be derpy et al in the middle
secure contain project ekips
Sundaysmile: numero's?
I'd link a vid, but I'd be banned....
3
2
1
numero's - Numbers
liftoff
/me explodes
thanks alexxm
ehere are u from Sundaysmile ?
Scotland
oook...
this one SundaySmile http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-682
05favorite part of Uru right there
13ikr
Oh THAT one
baCK Again!
(damn it why da hell people uses italian words in this fucking chat without being italian) DAMN IT
13when i heard the new version in minkata i was like OMG I MUST MIX THIS
might make it as a boss character, but I think they'll go for Creepy rather than All powerful;
I wish I spoke Italian
lol
Will there be Octavia and Lyra in the intermission?
MahBoi777: I wish u do too...
13there could be
because pablex94, just because
:P
MahBoi777 You hear that bird singing? Yeah, i don't speak italian either.....
13one of the things i want is to have something always moving or updating, so that it doesn't look like the video froze
lololol
Sundaysmile: my name involves "z" no t"x" btw i don't get it...
13that's why in the tech difficulties video i did, i used a derpy with her eyes rolling
typo
have pinkie and cadence in top hats doing that quick dance at the end of the last ep from seaon 2
Shizuka, you could maybe just screen a whadjamacallit? A slide show of images?
13that too
13lots of options~
animated ones no?
*sigh* so bored
13there'll be little quotes or text near the bottom too
13like we have now
hey Dark92Enigma hows your day been
how about a pinkie eating a cookie
13i threw this together yesterday, spent all night rendering, so it's a very early version :3
alexxm fine, thank you
i'm waiting for TheRainbowDash since this morning and she is not here yet....DAMN IT
where'S you get the music? sounds familiar
pff
I'd maybe define the Bronystate logo a bit more, kinda difficult to make out the artwork unless I'm using fullscreen mode
not the letters but the art behind the letters
13that mix was pulled together from the Uru OST and files in Uru Live
hi
13yeah that's just pulled from our newsletters
13scaled down
hi Not_A_Troll
LOL
i'm waiting for TwiilightSparkle
oops all caps
not a troll... sketchy
very sketchy...
/me glares
I'm sure he's on the level
he's obviously not a troll
Hey Shizuka, you could always do SuperBrony64 's intermission
clearly
xD
13what does he do
(Insert Volga Boat Men) ''I'm not a bad troll, not a bad troll''
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UwfkrAevuVI this
13space is 20% cooler?
LOL
hah, yeah
13ah ja~
XD
06Lol
/me dances
i like your purple text. its neat-o
13okay, so on sunday while we were on the moon, i asked you guys if i should show wallace and gromit next stream
Grounded by his mother.
