just kill her
STFU
...Yup, psycho...
Lol.... thats disgraceful.
Damnit!
Well, then... That happened...
moo
/me would murder him
In fairness, she's had pain coming for a long time for her stupidity
00,10yep you look fine
I'm forgetting who these characters names are...but hell, names ain't important
Im feeling a bit woosy :) 9 shots down!
TheRainbowDash: he said TREATED, in the past
man i miss 50`s musical,so much less depressing and more fun and colorfull :(
"Do I look okay" "lol, no"
DERPDERPDERPDERP: Domestic violence is pretty common around here.
00,10not at all like you got beat
ScootaChicken!
Kandarihu: getting hurt and getting a thrill are two different things
Point II: Bros only select the girls that they want to choose.
I herd you're not legal
/me hug
:>
05,15I herd Matt Smith is running the olympic torch
Inb4 brick through a window
I heard your BOTH JAILBAIT
shes gonna become a psychopath
I love it when "I wanna check my email" turns into "I wanna shop for fridges"
Is she supposed to be a sympathetic character? Or should we be clapping right now?
I know she was a bitch all this time , but that guy' is a TWAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
those 2 should listen to us bronies and our motto
d3rb: Well, still, that is harsh.
05,15which is EVIL
he will be her next ex...poor car
i know
I'm not jailbait
anuzzuh half hour
YEAH YOU ARE
Ersatz I think both?
Lol nope
All these girls look similar to each other, and I'm not paying close enough attention to know the difference.
K_A: Well, yeah. I was talking about the book-burning dance-banning though actually... but abuse is bad too.
should i watch this film until the end?
SunderlandPony89: Because Nailbait is
Shaddup before I hack Stevn again
There you go, bro's - 9 shots = Valiant Knight level :)
the ugly one is the main girl, I think
Woodenfan: yes
Alicorn_Prince_Shane, screw the motto and those who use it. it us a load of crap when someone says "Love and Tollerate, gais"
woodenfan: we are going to watch mistery science theatre 3000 next so yes,you should stay
Dear GOD cops in game are assholes! I'M getting shot at and they shoot at ME!
I only see one faggot here.
Hai, everybrony!
Pff
THAT GUY WAS A COMPLETE ASSHOLE! So what? The next scene, they will act like if nothing happened???????? THIS SOMEHOW INSPIRED MOULIN FUCKING ROUGE!
DERPDERPDERPDERP: Ohhhh you meant the culture. Yeah, I lived in the Old South; it's somewhat like that in some areas.
Lolz
Hello CountDoofus
Hello CountDoofus.
Bitch please
OH hai CountDoofus haven't seen you in a while
mmkay
hey CountDoofus! Beena while.
you know playing metallica over the movie makes it better for some reason also enter the sandman right now ~
/me hello CountDoofus
dont say it, just do it
ohai CountDoofus
Hai CountDoofus
This box is a SIN. What the hell were you thinking bringing it here?!
hello CountDoofus
Nope
03oh for the love of god
Dat Orchestra!
KISS
Hi CountDoofus
Hello? Sudden romance=
Rain i can drink a glass of soda to that
someday
oh myyy
Howdy CountDoofus
Rain: some people just dont abide by it
I'm waiting for the stream to come back to life
:'(
guitar riff!
YES
Modern music is a sin
Rain: cheers
I don't know if anyone said this at the beginning of the movie since I wasn't here at the start, but it seems the town in this film was based off some town in Oklahoma that actually did ban dancing
Then he caught Mono
Everything's a sin in bible country
gooby pls
with this music? bitch pls
It's Pandora's music box
Rain: but it kinda is my motto due to my religion
Although, now that I think about it, I think you're supposed to start at level 1 and increase 1 level at a time :) oh well, I'll try agian next week
ohmai
Lil Wayne is the biggest sin of them all
JESmith71: I can believe it
NOW KISS! as spike would say
when he oppened the box, I was half expecting Lilium from Elfin Lied
(12:05:00 PM) willsimth1: thanks for it though
Fun fact: Where I live, it's illegal to have a dance club within miles of a church.
^
Bloxx : :D
Jon Lajoie is a sin
Yeah, I haven't had all that much access to the internet the past week. I'm in the USA right now :$
(i gave him your anydvd.key
Bloxx think you're talking about nikki monaj
03k
04What's in the box?! WHAT'S IN THE FUCKING BOX?
fun fact, where I live, no one cares about anything anyone else does.
Well, lived. It may not be that way here in Raleigh.
03I think I need to reinstall Windows again >_>
MY ASS IS IN THE BOX
03Firefox got screwed
I'm still confused WHO THE HELL IS THE FOCUS??????
Ghosties: God it's a party hat ok!? Just don't hurt me!
ah, well nice to seeya CountDoofus
Ghosties: jack is in the da box
Ghosties we need the location of the box!
00,03Snake? Snake? SNAAAAKE!
its my dick in the box
Ghosties: because the movie revolves around the box!
Alicorn_Prince_Shane, its kinda my moral stand point, due to the fact that I dont need some religion telling me how to be nice to others
THE INSIDE OF THE BOX...IS ANOTHER BOX
Im almost out of Gentlemen Jack anyway, I'll have a new bottle next week
Where is your location box?!?
a dick is in the box :[
K_A: I know, I have relatives down there. My great-uncle was one of those against dancing, he was... an old-style kind of guy.
did the chat died ?
where I live, the owners of a few bars have complained about plans to open a church...it would bring the wrong people into the neighborhood
dancing leads to humping
CHAT IS DEEEEEEAAAAAD
/me @Scoot-Scootaloo Saaaaake
there is a trucker in the box
TO MUCH GODDAMN CHAT
No sex allowed. It leads to dancing
I don't understand why this movie is PG rated.
dance = mating call
wait
oh boy... I know where this is going...
03and it seems to be taking forever to boot
I got to admit that I'm kind of glad I live in europe religionwise..althoigh 50% of people believe ion some kind of god they never puch it in your face...I can respect that kind of religion
TheRainbowDash: Old movie.
Bloxx: Cue the smexy music.
WHERE IS YOUT LOCATION?!
within the box is.................... another box!
we need to start buying defibs by the dozen
OH SHIT IM NOT IN TWILIGHT SPARKLE DURR HUJRR IM STUPID
Dolan kills all apparently
In this world sex leads to spontaneous dance raves.
Rain: thats ur opinon on religon wise
Paladin_Drakkenwolf: sounds legit
also I cant write
Not unlike Bollywood.
well
Ninjazz|Tired: Ah, their standards just said "We don't care, just do whatever.":D
who ?
lol Meanwhile
mayboe your profile is too xboxHUEEEEEEG?
WHO IS THE DAMN FOCUS? The Priest, The Daughter, that Happy-Dancing dude? WHO IS THE FOCUS?
/me attempts mouth to mouth on chat
TheRainbowDash: Eeeeeeexatly! (AJ)
spiritual life, NOT PHYSICAL
derpy_pony: those bar owners don't know what they're talking about. It won't bring anyone new into their area.
shes wants to be the pope
in bollywood. dancing creates more dancing
I... honestly have no clue
Dolan.
/me needs to shave
haha
Wow, the priest is getting character development?! WHOAH :O!
Is there only one church in the entire town? No other denominations?
Dark92Enigma: i am
he looks like donald duck
have sex already
The scourge of memebase for several days.
but isn't
dammit
00,10the town is the focus
/me shaves OmegaMetroidBrony
Ah, got to nom now for a while everypony. Be right back in 15-25 minutes.:D
And a nuisance for a few weeks after
not more dancing
bai TheRainbowDash
00,10Rabble rabble rabble
The world is better without him.
^
Get demn noms TheRainbowDash
05,15Dolan is like the Anti Brony
Rabble rabble rabble
eat at your PC Rainbow
Man, the Priest is actually...given character development :O
He's not.
how long is this movie?
in my city districs 8% are theists...most of them immigrants
and i ask again, who ?
HEY LOOK CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT LE GASP
-s +t
107 minutes
He's an old rotting meme dragged out of the bin somewhere and slapped around a whole bunch to fit the modern era
Holy shit! Those lockers are HUGE!
why is he talking to the council?
03no
to appeal for dancing
03I mean
derp_pony: in my homeland village the population is 100% catholic
03Windows takes forever to boot
Paladin_Drakkenwolf: ahh thx
It has weed in it <3
I'm sorry I even mentioned him
...Mmmm...Good old WEED
I forgive you.
Its got porn
Don't know what to say to the council? :[ Let your feet do the talking
I SENSE A LOOPHOLE
OmegaMetroidBrony: Really? My lockers were around that size.
Meanwhile pls
And I absolve you of your sins.
sounds stressful, sergio_scriptor
And this is why we're friends Meanwhile
he is now enlightened! ASCENDED! All thanks to the great and holy bible
DERPDERPDERPDERP: my locker is like a 3rd of that size
prank time?
Ikr.
I didn't even use my freaking locker. I just carried my crap around.
yup
that vandalism
burp
00,10wtf
Bricked.
oldschool driveby
Wat...
o.o
just came in, what's going on
screaming children
?
O_O
Oh mai God...
wrong room
Thats messed up
Those screams are..... petrifying.
she is screaming like that damn brick hit her
00,10why wiould you get so close to a place to throw a brick
0_0 im going to be on the telly
Was that a random burp when the window broke?
did she see a ghost?
derpy_pony: most of the population never knew anything else then farming,so most of them are not realy that "smart" so...religion kind explains thier lives :|
-_(\
yiff in hell, dance***
Oh god... SOMEPONY NEEDS TO LOAD THE SHOTTY
DO YOU SEE? DO YOU SEE?
ugly phone calls
DO U C?
0_0 im going to be on the telly
and now father Meanwhile will proceed with today's preach
03ugh I also need to reboot the router
/me loads the shotty and waits for those delinquints to return
03brb again
wth
Attention Bronystateregulars.
THE DEVA
Sumica: it's a WINDOW. You don't sleep there to get bricked. You sleep there to get some fresh air.
He has some weird anger management techniques.
00,10call the cops, why bother
fired because of your son? this town's is awful
Live pony.
Police are useless
00,03Dancing is for Communism >: (
That is all.
Dancing, rearranging couch cushions...
I dont want to live in that town
amen
Amen(?)
Scoot-Scootaloo: :'(
at least his mothers cool
herp da derp derp :P
sergio_scriptor: I understand. Internet will change even the rural people. But it will take much time. Two, three generations.
Wait if I dance then the Commies will get us?!?!?
firefox is going nuts
Equine
Is this Onett? If so, the police are definately useless.
/me doesn't like dancing
/me panics
00,10Kandarihu, uhhhhh perhaps you should read what I said.
/me worships Meanwhile
I'll believe in the power of dance saving the world over the power of J-pop
00,03If you dance, the Reds will take away your freedoms! :O
more character development? the blasphemy!
NOT MY FREEDOMS!
Okay. Sorry
lets hear DeathStar s opinon on this
the power of dance will change people
Scoot-Scootaloo: that's polar oposite to what you said last week
/me vows to live his life according to pony from now on
Scoot-Scootaloo: not true.
dat midi
Freedom is the sovereign right, of all ponykind!
/me double panics
/me 11,01dances
The power of God Compels you to dance!
I appologize
No Nittany_Discord the Commies will come!
You can't stop me dancing!
00,03LOL :D
/me hids
I wonder if rural people were offended by this movie's portrayal.
one does not simply worship Meanwhile
/me dances
/me * hides
remeber kids only you can be a snitch about comuni...ehr i mean dancers
if they are then I say good
I'd imagine so.
11,01I'll fight them.
11,01Dance for democracy!
/me dances on Scoot-Scootaloo s head "dancing fixes everything"
^
Dancing in and of itself is not evil. It doesn't rob people of freedom.
You're right. One must worship Celestia instead.
Dance Fight
Has anyone streameed what's eating gilbert grape recently? That's a good movie!
/me worships himself over and over and over
brb shaving
ugh the biblecon
guys im going to be on tv soon
you need to offer tribute in the form of tea
:O
I'll brb
0510 minutes untill my planet has gauss cannon defences
05,15Death is a preferable alternative to COMMUNISM
[Desktop]JRP2234 coolio, what's it for?
want to try some toblerone. Is it good?
Kickass, Wrek.
This must be what biblecon is like, just about... bibles
Scoot-Scootaloo: this is awfully patronizing for me.
Virginia still believes in Santa Claus :D
for my brothers missing girlfriend
:O
Scoot_Scootaloo: I'm not going to lie. That sounds like it would be cool to see
a licensed pet doesnt care weather it is licensed or not
fluttercry you have Liberty Prime?! :O
Scoot-Scootaloo: so. I live in new zealand
Dat flash
BETTER DEAD THAN RED
I wonder how it is to be part of a religious community. Kind of like a fandom, but with lots of weird rules and weird people who take it all 120% seriously?
08,01Alicorn_Prince_Shane: i know a bit about ferrets
08,01but not all that much
[Desktop]JRP2234 oh dear
08,01i know a lot abotu bees and moths, though
/me claps
MOVIE! Y U NO END?!
04Depends, derpy
05,15I'm in Virginia. Santa lives here
Because dance w/ it
derpy_pony: nowadays, it would be better than what this movie portrays.
Yeah, too bad people under 21 aren't allowed to vote for it
which it s
Dken2021: SOrry to hear that
"What do you mean, Virginia?"
Dancing=GENUINE PERIL!
I now wonder what small towns ruled by 1 church are like.
The Perils of dancing
04But you basically described what a fandom is when you said "lots of weird rules and weird people who take it all 120% seriously"
today dancing,tomorow prostitution
ALWAYS
08,01Alicorn_Prince_Shane: i have absolutely no idea, but i can find out for you
Dancing is ALWAYS about drugs and sex
inb4 bible pownage
Dancing=SPIRITUAL CORRUPTION!
10Cave of Wonders
the church rules the town
This guy would BSOD at what's played nowadays....
00,10wait, how does he have a base for comparasion if they outloawed it
/me boredly watches Aladdin
concert just finished.. but the movie is still going...
Dancing killed my father and raped my mother
^
They said the same thing about Pokemon
Ah do. Derp.
:p
>aladdin
Meanwhile: lies ! :'(
Most of today's dancing at least.
>watches boredly
DAMNIT OLD PEOPLE
00,03Dancing means the end of our GLORIOUS captialist economy!
either you're watching it out of boredom
They said the same thing about everything in existence
or you're not watching Aladdin right
Ninjazz|Tired: :'(
/me hides
08,01OmegaMetroidBrony: yes! you can
god, I think the Repuplican's arguement against gay marriage came from THIS movie.
Owned.
owned
00,03...on Second thought, Let's all dance!
Whoa!
Elinore Rigby
priest got owned
She gave a partial stare.
DeathStar: ... I'm so sorry... :(
why isn't she in the kitchen?
Scoot-Scootaloo: YAY!!!!
10First
just replace dancing with video games.
k good
xP
Scoot-Scootaloo: what the HECK!?
I wonder which flowers...
Tovler or anything really
10Well
I just told my brother & roomate about the endurance shot challenge :) They're In!
what did u do Ninjazz|Tired
08,01OmegaMetroidBrony: in fact, you can even tell what kind of flowers your bees are visiting by the colour of pollen stores in the hive
Or is it ALL flowers
People danced because... tradition
DeathStar: you still dance right?
LLOPHOLE
/me hides from Alicorn_Prince_Shane
Ghost is emotined
valoreins: yes
10We actually watched part of it in music class for this work we were doing
GOD SAWS NAOW GAIE MURRIDGE, SAOW NAOW GAIE MURRIDGE
LOOPHOLE*
good :)
Dken2021: There's always a new monster of the week.
priest is getting pwned
lol Ninjazz|Tired
08,01people generally think that pollen is yellow, but it comes in *many* different colours
and suddenly fight fire with fire
Just daaaaaaance
Seriously? lolwow
THe Bible supports him
im not going to hurrt u Ninjazz|Tired
As soon as I sober up, I'll track down a couple more endurance shot glasses
burn the heretic!
08,01blues, greens, reds, purples, oranges
O_O USING THE BIBLE!
O_O
10No plans to finish it. I haven't seen it in years and so I feel the need to watch it again
young Ghost is proud of this speech
Is this another Biblecon?
Ah, Psalm 149 FTW
pwned
Dem honey colors
back
My Lord... AMEN!
of course
Bible level increased to 23
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHH!!!!
SING
Using the bible against them? perfect plan
phtagn...oh wait,wrong book
But those verses were metaphorical!
this is now a lawyer movie
Using God to fight God. Clever
08,01OmegaMetroidBrony: well, different flowers certainly change the taste, colour, and consistency of the honey
HE DANCED!
Amen mudda
THE BIBLE
O_o I can barely type, and Im not quite drunk yet
Go David
These days, this wouldn't be very impressive.
using the bible to fight the priest
bleeeeeeeeegh
And leaping.
AND dancing
Inb4 picking the parts of the bible you want to listen to and ignoring the rest.
A-freakin'-men!
/me 11,01leaps
goddammit TAKE THAT PREACHER
so yeah
Most of the flowers here are clover flowers though :/
he wasnt dancing to 80s music
wait is this a climax?
Either white or purple
/me dances
/me leaps off a bridge for the Lord
08,01DeathStar: that... actually yields some truth to it.
now everyone dance!
did i hear my name ?
A-cleezy-asstease?
turn turn turn
00,10clearly that was a typo, it said uhhhhhhhh pantsen
weird ass climax
RainbowcrashNBurn: You there?
Um.. I'm new here... :)
So, they were dancing in the name of the Lord? He could have pwnd him right back.
is evil
00,10yeah that's it
He could have just done a Ctrl+F for "dance" on his kindle ebook of the Bible
Meanwhie, standard practice
i hate dancing.
Pfft.
is unhealthy
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
the bible is as consistent as a...hum...i dont remeber
I hate the bible as a book.
05Pie Jesu Domine, dona eis requiem.
05Dona eis requiem sempiternam.
there is a reason church and laws are never mixed, you get this movie
/me wants to listen to the byrds now
kill young people
05*thud*
00,03There's always a time... to DANCE!
make fluttershy cry
05,15Remember everyone, you have until the end of A movie Credits to turn in your lottery tickets
04Aladdin is awesome.
I see Meanwhile's point, but it makes a good part in this movie.
freedom
"There was a time for this law"
NO THERE WAS NOT
powerful speech
/me 11,01dances and dusts channel
they should wait for 88 and dance to acid house
well it wasn't meant to be read as a book
05Pie Jesu Domine, dona eis requiem.
05Dona eis requiem sempiternam.
04"God gave me the feet to dance my butt off, so I'MMA DO IT!"
'MURICA!|
how do you turn in lottery tickets?
05*thud*
I hate it as a spiritual aid as well.
00,03You have to dance to fight communism!
Scoot-Scootaloo: u mean aMareica
sergio_scriptor: the Bible is more consistant than society and culture. And it is a LOT more consistant than mortal reasoning.
/me dances for new zealand on Scoot-Scootaloo s head
guys i gotta
lol Wrek
Wrek: is Lesus no Jesu ( at least i think its this way since lesus is latin for jesus)
Fluttercry, is this the drawing sent out two weeks ago?
ill be back l8r
00,10what is he doing
fluttercry: could you check if I'm still on the newsletter mailing list? Haven't received one for auite some time
02^
dat coffee
00,10just playing around with the grain
lol, mortal reasoning.
"ALL SUPPORT THE BANNING OF ALL BOOKS SAY AYE!"
08,01here is a bee with its pollen basket filled with blue pollen, in case anyone is interested: http://www.honeybeesuite.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/Blue-pollen-cropped1.jpg
oh lawdy lawd
NAY
Can't check if I got one now because I'm not home
NOT THE BEES|
00,03NOT THE BEES!
ban the bible!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
00,03darn...
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES.
08,01inb4 not th-- damn
Has anyone streamed the Room?
Ninja'd
But... that dosen't take into accont... that... uh... dancing increases the likelyhood of... um... meetting SLENDERMAN by over... 500%!.... Yeah. Betcha didn't know that, Mr. Dancypants.... :P
Woodenfan, twice
Kandarihu: depends on what you want to use the bible,im saying its not consistent beacuse so quick dfends an argument as then a few pages later disbiliefs it right away
Woodenfan: yes
05sergio_scriptor: fuck if i know, im just makign a monthy python reference
ohai bronystate
cool pollen idk why were on pollen but its cool
Allo KevIsh_Bacon
DAAAAARGH WHY DO I miss the good things?
Hey KevIsh_Bacon
hello you
Woodenfan: We watched it a couple months ago
brb
WOOEEE
whoaaaaaaaa
Woooaaah horsee
Woodenfan: Yes, several times. So anyway, how is your sex life?
sigh. What's for next week?
00,10ever notice the boss that has almost no lines in these movies always is such a good guy when he does talk.
WHOAH
wooooa
hi there KevIsh_Bacon
how much longer is this
Revalation
good bye doggy
Woah. Preacher Keanu
wooooo...he saw a drunken angel? O_o
KevIsh_Bacon not much
Whooooaaaaaa there horsey
I missed a whole part of the movie, I was making a video.
04That's common, Sumi
RevElation :P
is he preaching to himself?
04Watch Clerks, it's the exact same way
/me smokes
practicing
guys has anyone streamed what's eating gilbert grape? that's a good movie
Dat pit
AND HE FELL FELL FELL INTO A BURNING RING OF FIRE
/me doesnt actually smoke
04Silent Bob has one line and it basically gives the protagonist the direction he needed
Sounds like he's just studying Revelations... out loud.
08,01sergio_scriptor: no, i'ts "Jesu"
deus ex machina, ghosties
One question to the mods: Is "The Cube" acceptable as B movie? I think it has a violent scene or two.
Fake cigarette candies are cool.
00,10yeah kinda my point Ghosties. It's always the boss of the lead role that has those lines
08,01pronounced with a soft j
and now "one" is playing
I kinda like all that doom and gloom stuff - is that weird? 6_9
08,01i.e. yayzoo
Damn chat derp
surprised to see no Kevin Bacon pun nick from LordCelestia
I blame this movie for the dead chat
derpy_pony: I think The Cube has been shown as B movie before.
02!Shipping
derpy_pony: yes, we've seen far worse
4 BlueFlare is paired with Avis
Sumica: can vieweers request what can be streamed for a week? or is it purely mod's choice?
00,03derpy_pony: Who cares, we watched the Holloween remake! :D
oh, ok
00,10lol only a scene or two derpy_pony?
KevIsh_Bacon: he actually hates Kevin Bacon
04Except that Silent Bob is a pothead that helps sling weed with a fellow pothead :P
derpy_pony's question got me curious. What was wrong with that Samurai Soldier's flick that got replaced?
02!Pokrmon
A lot of pony.
I blame the sea witch
02!Pokemon
BlueFlare, you are a 10Tepig.
Do it filly!
bc it's too silly to riff
02<3
Too graphic? WMC?
08,01OmegaMetroidBrony: 2 secs, i'll look in my flower guide
00,10movies are lotto based Woodenfan
RAWRity, but....it has bacon in the name
wat
:D My cat is hiding from me in a paper bag
:O
i didnt get that either
uh oh
VAT
oh snap
oooooooooooooohhh
:O
wuh oh
oh shit
A WAAA!?
08,01yes, i own a flower guide...
ok Sumica. I see
:D
SHIT JUST GOT REAL
uh oh
I have no idea, K_A. Didn't make the decision.
Lol
DU DU DUUUUUUN
Not good!
Is this supposed to come as a surprise?
OH DAMN
PWN
K_A: Oh yeah, I was wondering that too
OOOOOOOOOOH
You just awaked the beast
00,03Virginity is for communists >: (
KILL HER!
pwn
that book burning
NUUUUU
the hell?
its 1984
Scoot-Scootaloo: ..wat?
Im a virgin :|
00,10good old fasioned book burning
ok screw this town
I am litterally rofling. I'm sick of Footloose. Seen it too many time.
Well I looked at it but there was nudity and sexual bits but I don't know how bad it is
She's not even all the way in :D I can see her back half sticking out - she thinks I can't see her
I CALLED IT
THEY ARE BURNING THE BOOKS DEAR GOD STOP THEM!!
With the Internet, burning books does NOTHING!
YES
A FUCKING CALLED IT
THIS SPEECH
04That guy
Owned
04...Pee Wee Herman
08,01OmegaMetroidBrony: says here that clover pollen is white, and that most of it goes into the honey rather than being collected separately as a food source, so i expect your honey would be quite light in colour
Is that John Lithgow?
"When did you all decide to sit in judgement?" "We did when you decided to sit in judgement of music."
A fleet of semis need to run through this town
Breathe the ashes.
K_A: WE MUST BURN THE INTERNET
N
wat?
And it is KevIsh_Bacon
NO
Back everypony after my noms. Noms were good.:D
NO PLEASE
this would be a nice time for nick cage to just pass running yelling imma vampai
<3 !!!!
Let he who is without dancing,... um... Dance the first Dance.... or something....
NO
i have no heart.
00,10Suddnly not such a bad guy
bad priest is converting into good priest yay :)
wb TheRainbowDash
Actually, Satan is in DANCIN
^_^ /)
go home roger
Don't worry, ladies. I'm gay.
My Heart? :O
heel face turn?
GO HOME
burn the priest!
04Pee Wee Hermannnnnn
11,01Might want to put those books out.
No! NOT Pick of Destiny Flashbacks!!!
Wb TheRainbowDash.
Or NOT THE BEES
MicTheSpeculator: awwww :(
Suddenly, not such a prick.
Sumica: How's it going chef friend?
the more you tighten your grip around the people the more they slip though your fingers or something like that I full off pizza and not thinking straight
And how does satan get in your heart? …boo
Ninjazz|Tired: And by the way, why you so tired?
I used to watch Pee Wee Herman
ks
Welcome back TheRainbowDash
might want to put those out
what kind of books are they burning anyway? They never tell us that do they
Pee Wee's Playhouse :3
Hey guys c:
wb TheRainbowDash
*guitar solo*
00,10I am a bake now StickySyrup, I quit my old job
Deathstar: Hello?
it was necessary for the priest daughter to say she was not a virgin to change his mind...uau
hi
science books?
00,10baker*
d:
no Cypresswolf
I think our preacher is having a crisis of faith... a bit.
CHEK THIS RIFF IT'S FUCKING TASTY!
All the books, they must burn.
^_^ Yay!
08,01Sumica: is it fun being a baker?
DeathStar:Aw for what?
TheRainbowDash: Fucked up sleep cycle. I only sleeped like... what?... 13 hours this entire week.
Sumica: You still in Las v?
So whats happened in this movie so far?
MicTheSpeculator: nvm
02e:
Big_Jake-intosh, you can get drunk off of anything can't you?
and i mean the mlp ponies
A whole buncha shit
so.. what am i if i liek dubstep? :s
StinkomanFan: just about :)
twilight_sprinkler, and others are fine with them
00,03Dubstep is for Communists >: (
Sumica I wish I had baking as a career :)
11,01StickySyrup and SparklyWaffles? Hmm.
^
damn it
KevIsh_Bacon: Nothing remotely interesting
:D Dubstepism?
valoreins: if you also like drum and bass your safe...if not hell awaits
Ninjazz|Tired: Wow, that is not a lot of sleep. Was it because of too much stress/work, or you just didn't feel like sleeping a whole lot?
:D
08,01StickySyrup: you totally are
Scoot-Scootaloo: :(, I wub Dubstep though.
p:
KevIsh_Bacon: Kevin bacon came to a town where music is banned, tried to hve the law repealed, preacher's daughter has been rebelling against her dad, and now they're having a heart-to-heart about it.
08,01<3
twilight_sprinkler: I can believe it. JWs (noticing a pattern with me?) shun media with "spiritistic" elements like MLP. In fact, there were rumors going around in the 80s of Smurf dolls strangling their young.
Scoot-Scootaloo: then what is NOT for communists?
TheRainbowDash: Probably all of those reasons. Bust mostly because of tests.
00,10I will post some photos of todays work later on.
I 'unno. Jackle bet me that I'd stay sane in this thread, He'll see about the wedding.
Sciaenops: saying things are for communists are for dictators
Learn something new Erry day
i like this priest now
02no, that would be f:
Nittany_Discord: We must fund that project of nomness.
02XD
Sciaenops: tab fail woops
WoodenFan: Nothing!
K_A: lol
ok
00,03Umm.... I don't really know :'(
dat Preist is best preist
is John Lithgow having a change of heart or something?
02but anyhow
She's a witch!!
...I was about to say, I didn't say anything. ;-?
02hai :3
COME ON STREAM COME BACK TO ME
K_A: i never trusted those smurfs.
Вкшылый!
Yup
Bro-Hug
Remember that one year Newgrounds used Kevin Bacon for a buncha games?
00,10I need to see if I can find third rock from the sun
DEY GROW UP SO FAST
Hugs.
KevIsh_Bacon: yes. he's realizing his daughter's growing up and no logner his to control
Ello o:
This is much better.
Woodenfan, hit f5
This guy is more or less a good example of an "Anti-Villain".
Scoot-Scootaloo: not knowing is for communists
いらっしゃいませ！
Ninjazz|Tired: Oh, them hay tests. I fucking hate those, when they I get too much of thise, and as similar to you, lose some of my sleep for of that cause/
this is the part the priest becomes good
Sumica: I realy hope you do
Nah, I'm waiting for it to come back to life.
have I missed the....no wait, thats Dirty Dancing
sumica im gonna be on tv
00,03IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH!
"I wanna beer!"
00,03okay i'm done~
BLISS!
FREEDOM IS SLAVERY
Hey guys, what was the original B movie?
00,10Nice Jrp
Scoot-Scootaloo: Ignorance is bliss
Seeya.
but knowledge is power!
TheRainbowDash: Aye. But yesterday was the last day of school, soooo, SUMMER IS HERE! :D
05,15I was called satanic once because I was reading a D&D rule book
Scoot-Scootaloo: (shows a lot of ignorance) Too late.:D
I think
What could have been so bad that we couldn't watch it?
Sumica not for a good thing
brb FUKKEN THIRSTY :O
04A MAN CHOOSES, A SLAVE OBEYS@
04*!
Dat Bioshock
are we having a b movie?
I know what you mean, fluttercry
MUFFINS IS CUPCAKES!
Ninjazz|Tired: Awwww yeah! Party time!
Hm?
/me dances
don't make me sick scootaloo on you http://fav.me/d5179i4
Russian is kewl ;D
So why was Ninja Cop replaced? I never thought it was that bad.
04Yes, M19000
02Can I help you!
ScootaChicken: I believe it wa Samurai Cop
02is what he said
00,03I take it no one has read 1984 :(
O' Cheery ppl.
was*
ALL PRAISE BIG SISTER
Big_Jake-intosh: *sic
Imagine a hoof stomping on the face of humaniy forever, etc.
/me parties with TheRainbowDash *Untz Untz Untz*
I have
I've read 1984!
04Good 'ol 1984
Though Russian is hard
Scoot-Scootaloo I've read some of 1984
00,10DERPDERPDERPDERP, pointless sex scenes
wat
Scoot-Scootaloo: I am meaning too
You have to memorize alot of conjugations
Scoot-Scootaloo: i have
DERPDERPDERPDERP: turns out it's porn.
uhh. . .why is she wearing boots?
ok we got 3000
I had to do a project on 1984
Ninjazz|Tired: (Dubstep, wubwubwub)
o-o
Big brother muthafuqa
What a maroon. Everyone knows D&D actually encourages the worship of the spider goddess Lolth. :P
Why is she wearing a thong?
why me
Dken2021: because that was the fasion back then.
I need to get back to bed.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Big Brother is watching you.
!shipping
4 Avis is paired with Samui
DERPDERPDERPDERP: lol your name
RAWRity: oh yea thanks haha :)
ok....
trust is trustworthy
!shipping
My literature teacher apologized for making us read 1984.
Nya
this movie is heavily inspired from 1984
YES
x3
did you know? Samui mesns cold in japanese
Don't be commiting no Thought crimes on Bronystate ya hear?
Appsy is getting antsy.
Howdy everypony!
I read 1984. Grimdark as fuck.
02!Shipping
Hye Everlasting_Joy!
No I didnt o:
maroon is best color?
Spell-of-gaming: im a catholic :)
02:D
YESYESYES
!shipping
StinkomanFan and that's the first thing you saw right ?~
04But it's kinda becoming the truth
i'll just continue and ignore that picture, thank you
:c
ohohohoh
Howdy Everlasting_Joy.
derpy_pony, I'm pretty sure that is a joke site....
I don't mean to argue but we've seen films with nudity and sex before here. I'm just curious, I didn't remember it being THAT much worse.
I really don't know what the book "1984" is. Can somepony clarify for me what that book is about?
1984 is a great book
04We're heading that way
!shipping
00,10and then they danced and screwed
After the bigass sword
distopian novel
Oh much better
:)
:3
DIE END
/me 11,01dances
1984 is about the world going to hell.
I like dystopian future novels in general. Zamyatin's We is a favorite, too.
dystopian
Sumica: praise to the lord!
DAS ENDE
that artist has an odd style but I like it :)
scurred.
/me dances with Nittany_Discord
good song
are you talking about that Owell future book?
big brother is watching you^^
ikr
"I immediately regret this decision oh lord what have I done, please have mercy on these kids"
that one
04"And on the seventh day, God rested and said 'Dance, magic, dance' and so we did"
Big Sister watchs all of you
00,03Lets all fight communists and Big Brother by dancing!
00,10dancing on moterbikes
DERPDERPDERPDERP: It was said that the scenes were POINTLESS, the movies we did watch with nudity had a point and didn't just give you something to stare at.
Well, the book 1984 was released in the 1960s.
What if Big Brother was actually a pig? :O
OK, now are they gonna die? Please die...
lawl!
Pollution!!
Dance water, Dance!
lol
So why does LordCelestia hate Kevin Bacon despite the name bacon?
00,03Screw you, O'Brian!
inb4 the song is better than today's mainstream song
and on the seventh day god made communism
02Jet, at least TSTBot won't rape you
Wrong God, Ghosties. :P
/me hides
man i love the music in this movie
1984 is set in the far futer
twilight_sprinkler: Thank you :)
1948
Ballons!!
Yeah cause he's so botty
SunderlandPony89: I don't think we can be that lucky
balloons?
KevIsh_Bacon: Dunno.
o wo
Big Brother is Napoleon the Pig?
it was in 1948
o3o
:D
they keep reseting the year to 984 everythime there is a disaster
"And woe it was Ghosties quoted david bowie"
I have installed a virus named Skylands D:
hey kids!
Indeed! Who else could It be?
Midnight_Fyre: Damnit! >.<
the far future of 1984? Spazturtle
Sciaenops: close enough!
How does ''LuLz is my Waifu'' sound, internet?!
Ninjazz|Tired: The Room sex scenes? But point taken.
04Amen
WUB
LOL
2ohai
can I have that virus?
/me runs
Zamyatin's We is sort of a primordial Brave New World with a lot of mathematical symbolism.
YAY
MicTheSpeculator trying too hard
04Oh god, this looks like one of those cheesy ass 50's sock ops
02do want
YEAH! HIGHSCHOOL
02;3
Me too
04...fuck
That feel when you realize Earth is running out of Helium
;3
Comrade Napoleon got more than a windmill built
So wht B movie was decided on?
Though HML has that virus
Thats because it is
:o
Montage?
they can dance if they want to.
DERPDERPDERPDERP: I'm just going to say that The Room is hilarious! :D But you know what I mean.
Holy crap, I'm flashing back to my high school proms. O_O
can we take out the scenes of dancing and teen scenes, with the main plot intact, and would nothing of value be lost?
Creeper!!
/me 11,01is free
04Ugh
cowvarkian: they keep reseting the year to 1984 everythime there is a disaster
raip face
creepy mom
TIME CHASER
*wat
Ghosties because it is.
Ninjazz|Tired: maybe it would make more sense to just edit out the porn scenes if that's the case.
02well, he also gave Skylands a virus
With the MST3K crew!
/me runs
04To think people use to take High School *that* seriously
noe...
XD
God when will it end ?
Condoms?
I think she's trying to say you look decent
Kandarihu: I would do that if I could, man.
ah, so its the matrix? and mass effect. and alot of other media? Spazturtle
"you think? :D" Nah you look shit. "D:"
random box
DID YOU SAY MST3K!!!!!!
Ah, my legs hurt like hay now. I got to rest for a minute, maybe a few.
?
i take studying seriously, not dancing...
Ghosties you want to hear something ridiculous?
I'm not saying that David Bowie ISN'T a god... just that if he was the God of THIS world, the place would be be populated by more muppet-goblins in general. ;D
stopped caring about high school. Now I'm waiting for college :3
YES
04Sure
mmhmm
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank god I only have one year of highschool left
Big Mclargehuge
MST3K yesh ho mai gawd dats gon b awesome
00,10room had sex scenes yes but also dialong and was not true sex
Huh. A Simpsons scene comes to mind due to that flozer.
Dance Magic Dance
ikr Pale_Horse
Bloxx: me too bro :) /)
So...if the world would be ruled by an evil dictator, who would it be?
05,15I sat through my highschool graduation and was like "why are they making a big deal out of this?"
Wrong movie Meanwhile
10Ohmai
Some one in my school removed one of the stall doors in the bathroom
Bloxx: Hay, I start high school next school year.
let me guess, someone or something will come and crash that party, right?
speechless
He's dressed like the 3rd Doctor
Thank god I've been out of high school for over four years now. 83
Highschool is easy. Except you don't have much money.
You're Pink!!
fluttercry: same here
cowvarkian: They goverment has compleate control of the population, you walt a diferent way home from work and you will be killed ect
Maybe, but those names are funny
If the movie can be found in AVI, a quick snip with Virtualdub will be all it takes to make it viewable.
pffft nice jacket
Buff Hardback
11,01What are you wearing? Take it off now.
fluttercry: because everyone else's mother wanted to.
04That's strange, Omega
Sumica: I wana quit my job. Any tips?
ah, sounds fun Spazturtle
Wait, where's her sleeves?
sergio_scriptor:(/
What a bro, in that clothing.:D
you look so...flat in this
Why's he dressed like a valet?
Damn Marty! She's your mom!!
I really hate Flash on Linux.
You're beautiful~ You're beautiful~ You're beautiful... it's true~
Sciaenops: no sleeves
Sciaenops cool chicks don't need sleeves
kevin bacon said your beautifil make love now!
ive been out of high school forever and finished university as well..i feel old here :(
oh lol
"You're beautiful....you're beautiful...you're beautiful it's true"
00,10dont quit till you have a new job lined up StickySyrup
lol
locke out
02hi dr. Flaptop
euro movie night....what? What is with the timer :p
faaail
Seek and destroy nice ~
I've got the entire series of MST3K on my hard drive thank you Pirate Bay :)
Anyone know how much time is left in this movie?
somebody pinged me by saying Linux
Maybe so, but cold chicks wish my had sleeves.
I just typed out my thoughts on dystopian literature and the client breaks. I should switch to irssi, maybe.
*they
too much?
lol
SunderlandPony89: bout 5 mins
naaaaaaaaaaaw
I dunno
thw timers always wonky here
dat courting fail
Slab Bulkhead
:D
I think it's ending soon
Ghosties there are a hella lot of misfits in my school... some don't even know how to properly use the restroom... Not gonna go into detail....
PIE!
/me plays synth
Now KISS!
03Sigh
Sumica: Good point. I'm going through chef exams atm, so I dont want the stess :/
00,10cake and punch
Mah Pie!!!
RAWRity: Sweet, thanks
lance bigchest
HERE IN MY CAR
SPIKE THE PUNCH!
Cake!
i just ate cherry pie
/me 11,01sits in LordCelestia's mane.
um
cake!
I FEEL SAFEST OF ALL
MUFFINS
now I wan't some pie
one day she will beat his car with a tire iron
11,01Best seat in the house.
that prom
Looks like the punch has been... SPIKED
Less a prom, more a wedding reception.
DIS SONG
04Soooooo
is this a party or a wedding?
it is
that dance
00,10what a fun "dance"
where did they get the funds for this?
ending soon
04Awkwaarrrrrrrrrrrrd
well, there was 30 percent dancing, 70 percent cheese.
OmegaMetroidBrony: Just wait till you get to college. . . Those images haunt me still.
People come when there's Punch and Pie
is this still footloose?
Aw, it's never Gary Numan time is it?
who braought the wall magnet!
BEST.. PROM.. EVARRRRRRRRRR
is that a guy in a dress?
lol, nice dance
Crunch Slabchest
Good lord
No one wants to go 1st
oh man thats some hardcore partying
Socially akward prom
haha
LOOK AT THESE MOVES!!!!
Where was Silverscreen when Movie night started
/me awkwardly coughs
Dafuq, this isnt middle school
Big_Jake-intosh: that's a girl
About as exciting as any other high school dance
Party Hard!!
oh my gawd.
exactly why I dont go to public things like this
04Socially awkward prom is socially awkward
DON'T JUDGE HIM
05,15I didn't go to prom. I went to a friend's house and played Risk ALL NIGHT dressed in tuxedos
mmhmm
BOLD BIGFLANK!
Everlasting_Joy I don't want to know...
03my sister went downstairs so I'm stuck up here now
Big_Jake-intosh: no, just 80's mullets gone arry
akward
The Club can't even handle me right now!!
We need some Pinkie Pie up in this
otakon: didn't look like it :D
Now I remember why the 80s were so silly
Buff Drinkslots
It's like they'
DAYUM
nice, fluttercry. :D
Ghosties: this is Twilights Prom didnt you know? :D
OmegaMetroidBrony: I wasn't even going to tell.
fluttercry: what a night for you.:D
Where is Pinkie and her party cannon?!
Pinkie Pie is missing :(
fluttercry YOU ARE M HERO
fluttercry: now THATS a way to graduate
OK, when my prom came I was out on the floor dancing almost the entire time.
Social Awkward penguin would be the king here
Belgium doesn't do prom at all.
00,10dig deep
11,01That awkwardness
BIG MCLARGEHUGE!
04I apparently didn't know :O
fluttercry: that sounds better than going to prom
its like they've NEVER been allowed to dance before!
fluttercry this except it was Rock band
/me fires Everyonedanceinator at movie and chat
fluttercry that is best prom
Fun fact: Canada has gay marriage
LOL
eeew
This is exactly like my proms.
picky picky
COMMUNISTS!
come on! lets do the do nothing dance!!!!
THE LIFE OF THE PARTY COMES!
Bob Johnson......no wait.
When I'm calling these people nerds, there's a problem
04"Hey uh...honey, want some punch?"
lance hardcheese
Wow, that prom is just full of awkwardness and weirdness.
NERDS!
fluttershy is the host instead, which explains the awkwardness
Often times by myself (D- on a social dancing test, etc.)
Awkward sitting around, wishing we were allowed to dance...
BEST. NIGHT. EVER!
Ghosties: Sure! (punches you)
Jounior prom- Worked at a grocery store. Senior prom- Played Halo 3 :).
I dunno why I chose this time to say it
StinkomanFan and I bet no one gives a fuck
oh no
ITS THE POPO
00,10here come the jerks
Ghosties: well heres some, PAWNCH
This isn't exactly liturgical dancing. The town board got duped.
cut away
04"Okay guys, we're here! You can stop being lifeless cardboard cutouts now!"
02oh man
this was always the part of the parties when I was the one left out in the corner.... fuck those parties
00,10oh wait no
ikr Ghosties
aw, it's wub!
02your sister must be evil
woohoo! I'm not going to senior prom! I was gonna go, but I forgot to send my moneh in
man, this room is DEAD tonight
we put our faith in Blast Hardcheese
Everlasting_Joy: /)
/me hides
NO
lol
these crazy rebels
uh oh
NO.MP3
my god is this movie god damn long
That bro with the sherriff hat or whatever.
the priest goes n dances :p
not to offend anybody...but I find this prom thing ridiculous..sadly it swapped over to germany and is getting bigger every year...my sister is getting a stretch car thingy for hers!
Cheez it! The Fuzz!
Good Guy Reverend
00,10beep beep he owns a jeep
My school dances suck. Just a bunch of SLUTS grinding on BROS
Yeah, proms are just stupid.
IT'S A COWBOY
^
Beep boop son.
sudden urge to watch the Big Lebowski
i'm so anti-social that i didn't come to the prom during high school
beepbeep dats a jeep
StinkomanFan: a SPACE cowboy?
Woodenfan: who the hell needs the prom when you can stay in home watching ponies :)
inb4 angry mob comes to burn them all
Bloxx: wow
i like my proms they are well good
GRINDING. OH MY GOD THE GRINDING. THAT is why I don't go to proms. Ever
04Ditch proms, go play gaems instead
same here, valoreins
00,10shaaa~
red_ony: The key for me was not to take it seriously and just have fun and hang out with everypony in my class one more time.
Our senior prom, the juniors putting it together throw a fit cuz they weren't as rich as our class.
eeyup
00,03When I went to my High School prom... it was nice~
RAWRity, some people call him that
SHA!
I went to prom, and I was bored there, waste of money
And then it broke out into a drunken orgy, a fire broke out and every burned to death...THE END.
Ditch prom Go on Bronystate
Shaawwwwwww....
sergio_scriptor: I might make a video of me dancing with Fluttershy on prom night, that'd be freakin weird.
ohhhhh they gonna dance
ADAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!
made up with his wife
OH MY
Scoot-Scootaloo: proms are for sommunists
My school didn't have a prom.
in new zealand we have a ball but everyone is really looking for the after ball where everyone gets waisted
Just the 2 of us
00,03:O
He be sinning!
AND they all got hit by a semi
Dats a duck. Dats a tie. Dats a desk. Dats a long, long movie.
but I can't use flash (can't afford, don't know how)
05,15Every dance I went to, people were just grinding
The only dance I bothered to go to during high school was senior prom... and I really wish I went to the others. I had a blast.
disregard prom, acquire ponies
StinkomanFan: personally I prefer his alias; gangster of love
That, and I got kicked out of my limo in junior prom cuz I didn't have a boyfriend.
dats a doopid, doopid movie!
what is with you and the Semi?
Schwa...
In all my time in school, I've NEVER been to a prom. By my High School days, I did what Ghosties suggested.
00,03OMg you're right! Proms are communist!
sha
00,10and then they bucked in the wheat
Inb4 Scoota-Communist
is it out for revenge?
fluttercry true dat
Oh Shaww...
My highschool had a prom but my GF at the time didnt want to go
dat saxaphone
OmegaMetroidBrony : not a bad plan actually
I'm lucky my school doesn't have detention
O_O wow it takes a long while for that whiskey to kick in - I can barely stand up
I have heard of these proms.
Scoot-Scootaloo: what will you do now!D:
did John Lithgow kill it's father?
inb4sex
nice ride to the prom :)
Too late OmegaMetroidBrony
04That's the only way to do it, Khan
best car
04*Kan
we should watch the MST3K with the forklift song
Uh oh...
Maybe your a mother and maybe your a mother but you're stayin' alive, stayin' alive
KHAAAAAAN
Jerk Alert
Willard
00,10ah here are the jerks
00,03I... I have to cleanse the communist away...
My dress was only $22, and had more material than the other dresses.
OMG REDNECK RUUUUUUN
Ah ah ah ah Stayin' aliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiive
DIS SONg
Spell-of-Gaming: how do they discipline troublemakers?
Brony123: This movie is too sanitized for sex.
Spell-of-Gaming do they got saturday school?
Woodenfan: I meant before he changes his name to that
good song!
Scoot-Scootaloo: how?!
About 150 out 500 Seniors are going to prom this year. I'm not one of them
I never had a prom... I took a GED and then to college. This was back when a GED meant something and was one of the hardest tests in the country.
"I am Mack Semi, you killed my father; Prepare to die."
heya everyone, what movie did i walk in on?
gang fight
whichever one that was
billy is the best. he is awesome
Sinestro: Footloose
KevIsh_Bacon: which one is that?
03sigh brb again
Well you can tell by the way I walk my walk I'm a womans man, no time to talk.
shoot the leader, then the rest runs
ohhhhh
lies!
wow lotsa fighting :p
promise broken!
00,03I must embrace capitalism as my lord and savior~
Big_Jake-intosh I forget
whens the party scene?
Damn...
and then they defeated them with DANCE
to google!!!
00,10unleash the beast
:D
I do love a good bloodbath, but jeez
05,15Where have I seen that guy before?
lol im going to nominate Twilight for B movie xDDDDD
Suddenly a time traveler comes in to bet the bullies up and prevent his future parents from not hooking up. :P
unleash your rage
WILLARD AM MAD. WILLARD AM HULK
release the ponies!
Boss fight.
Scootalism: Aaaaaaamen~
This is why I carry a flamethrower on me at all times
00,10flying kick!
COME AT ME BRO, COME AT ME
BEHOLD THE POWER OF DANCE
what do you want me to do? pound the hell out of hm!
BAHAHAHA TWILIGHT IS A B MOVIE.
OHHHHH!
badass
boot to the head!
dat kick
that drop kick
Falcon kick!
OHHHHHHH!
ninja
wrng movie Pale_Horse
Stop it! Stop fighting! *throws handgun into circle*
KICK HIS FACE
Flying kick
TBH, we only get offense slips and sign them to our parents if we do an offense
Dance Fight!
otakon ing like a jackass
:D heel yeah!
GREATEST KICK EVER!
Scootalism wouldn't your system be base off of the glorious Scootaloo?
suplex
god this movie just wont end,its like epic sax guy.
Scootalism: what's with the ridicule?
^
So PRO!
flip
nyeeeeh
KILL HIM! KILL HIM WITH FIRE
Dat kick
Doh!
04"We're so totally fighting right now!"
Kevin Bacon used Riverdance.....it's SUPER EFFEcTIVE
05,15Seriously where have I seen him@
dat falcon kick :D
*based
DYNAMIC ENTRY!
PAWNCH KIYK
Do the Master Bomb!!
final boss
DOS MOVES
they learned well for WWF
KEEEEEK
nut shot!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx7ldTl7txQ
Aw, it's like in Back to the Future
jump kicku!
break his spine!
this really escalated
Finish him!
But our parents and teachers get to be in a meeting
11,01Dance with fists.
YES
PAWNCH
04JUMP KICK
I come back and people are getting the shit kicked out of them? Yeah!
And the Karate Kid
forklift song
PilleDriver!!
FINISH HIM!
Dudes been watching Karate Kid
:D
HULK SMASH
00,03Dancing gives you the power to wreck people's shit~
SNAP HIS NECK
PAWNCH
FETALITY!
JUST END ALREADY MOVIE
KO
00,10see dancing is't sinful
Crane Style, Bitch!
our heroes
04Kevin Bacon's feet aren't just for dancing, fool
well that was...shit.
He tried to kill me with a forklift
Puny God
the power of DANCE!
StinkomanFan: and EVERY OTHER MOVIE FROM THE 80's!
No! The wrong people are getting the shit kicked out of them!
/me dances
LETS DANNNCE
Chuck Norris would be proud
LETS DANCE
great acting
/me dances
WOO
inb4 gratuidous ammounts of glitter and confettie!
/me 11,01dances
Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaance *sprinkles*
lets DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANCE
and here comes the ending
Everypony dance!
/me cuts loose
finally a party
/me GETS DOWN
is it the end of the movie?
Dance like you never danced before!
/me dances!!!!!!!
suddenly, party
DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANCE
Let's Pants!
00,03Lets all DANCE!
04YAY, SOCK OP GO
I remember that song now freaking hilarious
And now it's not awkward anymore. Weird.
0,5I HEARD BACON
Not a minute too soon
where's pinkie!!
/me glomps on IshCutFootloose! Where have ya been man?
If school dances were actually like this, I would go to them
God this movie is just one long BLAM
TACOS!!!
i dont dance.
I don't remember Home Alone having a scene like that
the glasses are off
/me shuffles
Call it a hunch, but I think they're about to do a montage.
DANCE EVERYPONY!
but they aren't
Woodenfan:lets hope so
00,10behold the spaz dance
And now I want to see Kevin Bacon as a dance themed superhero
/me dances like a fool
hi LordCelestia
/me dances with pinkie pie
you know its shit when a fighting scene from My Little Pony is better than a fighting scene in a teen movie
my goodness - how long ago did I have those whiskey shots Dark92Enigma? I just felt a sudden rush and all that whiskey went straight to my head
dem white people dancing
*dances*
So' 'op.
*plays love is in bloom* :D
"dances like mad"
lol
Dat groove.
/me dances on twilight_sprinkler you do now!
aka a BIG LIPPED ALLIGATOR MOMENT
Got to get that title song in there
It is to my school's eternal shame that they didn't even play this once during our senior prom.
OK, I got a confession.
/me sits in the corner drinking heavily.
*DACNCES LIKE A BEAST*
that disco
I gotta cut footloose.
04Everyone do the pogo!
boogy down
This movie... Needs moar dance scenes...
get those damn lights out of the fucking cam
04Oh wait, this is the 50's
:$ oops!
*Dances like jagger*
NO
And so we learn that a dance doesn't happen until the traditional pre-prom fistfight and beating of the morons.
00,10it's raining glitter
/me dances around Everlasting_Joy
/me does a backflip
/me shoots DeathStar "No."
IshCutFootloose: And what's this about attempted murder with a forklift?
lol
Ghosties: 80s
dat bacon
This song? Footloose? It always bugged me. Probably because of the way the guy sings "footloose."
00,03Needs more disco
SunderlandPony89 I've been.....*dramatic closeup* SOMEWHERE!!!!
twilight_sprinkler: aww ok
Footloose
04Wait, is that movie actually set in the 80's?
Hoofloose
did they play lady gaga songs at your prom?
Needs more Moskau
05,15I dunno, I feel like I may have made a mistake not going to mine
Cutloose
Ghosties: yes
EVERYBODY, DO THE SPONGE SPONGE YOU DO THE SPONGE (wtf)
/me 11,01cuts foot loose
I think
song drop, title drop
00,10yes Ghosties hence the 80's music
Dken2021: yes. and Kesha. and Flo Rida. and Katy Perry.
Do the Monkey!!
I did not go to prom. I have no regrets
04Ehhhhh, I don't see the resemblance
05,15but at the same time, they would have played crap music and I would have been forever alone
Moskau, Moskau something something something
It's an small, anachronistic town, hence the 50's feel.
Brony123: Much better dance :).
We begin with feet
/me fires Everyonedanceinator at twilight_sprinkler
/me loses his blues, and cuts footloose
I cant believe ive never seen this movie b4
we end with feet
HA HA HA HEY!
Brony123: DO THE TWITCH
DANCING IS THE BEST THING IN THE WORLD!!!!!!:):):):)
oh god RAWRity
guize, do we skip the credits at the end of the movie? or what?
^
IshCutFootloose: Well I figured that much, but what's this about a forklift?
Book ends, is it not?
/me does The Worm
no
00,03Lets all dance like its '50!
That's actually pretty common in some towns.
this movie needs more twilight dancing :)
*Does the Truffle Shuffle*
fluttercry: if it's not something you would have enjoyed, you're better off for it. I actually think I'd have been better off not going to mine.
dance now
00,10now redo this whole scent with ponies
twilight fail dancing :3
05,15My friend apparently asked the DJ to play Led Zeppelin, he did, and everyone hated it
And then a SEMI! Right? ...please?
Hoof loose
Scoot-Scootaloose: Like it is 1999!:D
MOSCOW MOSCOW I DONT KNOW THESE WORDS I DONT KNOW THESE WORDS HAHAHA HAY
I don't dance. I just move like an idiot in place.
O_O
Come to think of it, it could be in the 1950s. It was made in 1984 and doesn't seem to imply that it takes place outside of "present day"
WHy couldnt I go to this prom?
/me dodges Conyst 's attack, uses PAWNCH- Conyst loses 20 hp
Sumica, yes
Ryunosuke: :D Best comment I've heard in a long time.
RyunosukeKnT: That's a terrifying thought.
fluttercry BULLSHIT!!!
"does the hoedown throwdown"
/me dances on Scoot-Scootaloose s head "cant we add 10 years to that?
DANCE LIKE SHEPHARD!
fluttercry: I can understand that. Led Zeppelin is NOT dance music material.
SunderlandPony89: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx7ldTl7txQ forklift song
fluttercry: I weep for this generation of music listeners
Credits are important. There are a lot of people who worked hard to bring us our favorite movies and they deserve recognition. :)
/me does windmills
Everypony is happy, except for the people that got hurt before this moment.
SHIRT OFF
Pony scented dance? Sounds interesting Sumica
this is why I hate proms
*Even the Nerd has moves...
Come on everypony do the Shepard Shuffle!
GPOY
fluttercry FUCK SOCIETY
fluttercry: then those people are morons and you shouldn't feel bad about not going
Just wait until Uncle Dolan makes the scene... oh god
Oh snap, that guy is slick,
1,3GLOMP PILE ON SHIZUKA!
Fucking show-offs...
and I dont like people
I am suddenly incredibly turned on.
Michael Jackson would be proud dude!
/me does the Pony Pokey
/me starts a glomp pile on Shizuka
Midnight_Fyre I weep for my own generation
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka
prom pls
(glomps Shizuka insanely hard)
/me glomps Shizuka
glomps Sizuka*
I think it takes aproximately 30 minutes for the whiskey to kick in, so as long as I remember that, do go more than 15 minutes away for bar locations
05,15true. fancy risk part was much more fun...even if I did go...alone
/me glomps Shizuka
Credits are also important right now because it's the last chance for the peole who haven't turned in their lottery tickets.
00,03It's easy to dance! All you have to do is have no shame~
He's clearly possessed
/me jumps on Shizuka
I wonder what will happen if we go back in time and showed them Dubstep, Metal, Fan Made songs, and pretty much everything
/me glomps Shizuka
He's gonna get laid tonight!
THOSE BALLOONS.... ARE REBELS.... THEY DONT FLOAT...
people
*glomps Shizuka*
/me does not glomp Shizuka. Glomping is so mainstream.
yeah, that never happens IRL, try doing that at a prom, everyone will just look at you like youre some kind of freak
da da dadadada da da circus! da da dadadada da da afro!
I know a move called the "Firecracker". It requires a helmet and elbow pads
/me hugs Shizuka
IshCutFootloose: As do I. Modern music sucks.
Midnight_Fyre: because they didn't think Kashmir was the best tune to dance to? Guys, I like rock music too, but that doesn't mean I want to have In Flames blaring when I'm dancing with a girl.
Is somebody about to get served?
RAWRity: There are a few Zeppelin songs that can get your feet tapping
& *DONT
SunderlandPony89 why you not harass otakon yet :(
/me 11,01dances with Scoot-Scootaloose
irl sucks
overly long dancing scene CUT TO CREDITS
13wait what
Riders: You got served....a box of sandwiches. It is in the back on the truck.:D
I mean the dancing's goooood
/me dances
/me dances... socially.
/me does the twilight Shuffle
god this movie just wont end,its like epic sax guy.
WHat happened
The joke is that nopony could ever do this without years of practice
/me dances everywhere with Nittany_Discord
hey hey Shizuka-chan :)
EVERYBODY CUT EVERYBODY CUT!
And he learned it in a week
IshCutFootloose: Me & Meanwhile have a bit actually. But remember, Wrek bans otakon shippers on sight, so watch out
eeyup
Okay.
/me glomps Shizuka. Because apparently everyone's doing it.
Shizuka: You just got glomped by like 20 people and hipster'd by one.
STOMP THE YARD
/me cuts
so, what exactly is the point of dancing in the first place?
Cut him!
/me gets a drink
/me cuts
It's just a jump to the left
Ow! You ran into me Scoot-Scootaloose!
EVERYBODY CUT FOOTLOOSE
I'll cut you
/me dances everywhere in chat
COME ON ALREADY :[
/me cuts footoose
ILL CUT YA
GUYS... HOOFLOOSE http://imgur.com/p6o07
thank god
YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
7/10
yay it's over!
otakon x Wrek.
soooooooooo eeyeah
about time
/me 11,01cuts his other foot loose.
otakon X Wrek
cowvorkian: dancing for it's own sake.
cool
lol
short and sweet
SunderlandPony89 I'd say modern mainstream to be exact
6.5 out of 10
Damnit!
AAWWWW YEEAAA
00,10more dancing cause you asked for it
mfw it isnt over yet
04AAAAAND CUT
lol
9/10
5.6/10
Everytime I see Kevin Bacon, all I can think about is that stupid commercial with that Bacon fan.
Fake out ending
quote/10
NO SHIPPING ME WITH WREK DAMMIT
I give it a 7/10
ITS NOT OVER YET?
42/10
WHOOOOOO HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!
7/10
I'd dance - but too tipsy to do it :)
o it is
Bacon/10
pretty good
SIN/10
SO Did I choose an awesome movie or what?
04Foooooledy ou
all dem chicks
HOORAY HOOF LOOSE!
05,15I give it a meh/10
DANCE/10
Dancing/10
Satanic Dancing/10.
PONY TIME
02wb drf
Ghosties: Good job, now do that again, only make it....more Indiana Jones style.
11,01Lithgow / 10?
otakon: c'mon. I hear he's a very generous lover.
otakon u mad
This movie is like Meanwhile, except he's sour and short
00,03Capitalism/Communism
so Kandarihu no real point then
otakon wants to feel Wreks strong viking hands.
wat/10
03thanks
I rate it 42
IshCutFootloose: Mainstream culture in general dissapoints me
Loose Feet/10
The part I was here for was pretty okay.
THANLS FOR HOOFLOOSE
I give it a 6.5 out of 10, even though the dancing's good, the rest of the movie is so cheesy
Scoot-Scootaloose: WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
4/10
Dem scores of 10/ 10
KDNPFSDihgp
I give it a kevin bacon/10
hoofloose - my pic http://imgur.com/p6o07
I'm choking on cheese.
7/10
Always enjoyed that film, 7.5/10
04So what was the moral of this movie?
I give this 80s/10
I rate it 10 / lithgow
and we all thought there was gonna be an epic scene on the bridge
dance/10
Hmmm....to be honest, 6/10
I'm happiest in my chair at the moment :D
^
keven bacon dancing/10
9/10 cause of the epic fight scenes, falcon kicks and karate kid references!
Or ship me with him
otakon X Wrek the SEXY PONI
Well, go back to the scene where he was reading from the bible. THAT is the reason.
otakon x Kevin Bacon
00,1080's /10
WUBS THE THING THAT FIGHTS YOUR FEAR
00,03We must dance to fight communists!
oh, and otakon x john lithgow
THAT WAS 20% COOLER!!!!! SUCK IT, 2010 REMAKE!!!!!
Ghosties: Dance, or get served?:D
8/10
4/10
Ghosties learn to dance to kick ass
The moral is *Everyone has the moves like Jagger*
Ghosties: Always Dance
I'm getting tired. Night everypony.
i give it a meh/10
/me communises
Not gonna lie, I'm pretty gay for Wrek.
Sumica: I see what you did there.
Bye ZappyTheUnicorn! (waves and hugs)
His body can only handle so much.
Nighty ZappyTheUnicorn
1984/10
Night night ZappyTheUnicorn.
Ididn'tpayattention/10
.. too much dance xD
Everyone has the moves like Jabba
come ooooooon
goodnght!
KENNY LOGGINS!
cya ZappyTheUnicorn
Sumica: which is worse.. Twilight? or troll 1?
RAWRity: and he likes it like that way, keep going
i love this song :)
lol
Icameinlate/10
bye ZappyTheUnicorn
Footloose in the Danger Zone
Night ZappyTheUnicorn
00,10never seen either one
Meanwhile X otakon X Wrek
KENNYY!
Sundayshoes/10
HIIIIIIIIIIGHWAYYY TO THE DANGERZONE
sodidi/10
But that movie made me into good mood
Twilight it is!
See ya later everypony.
waiting for the credits to end! At least they're good.
11,01KENNY LOGGINS!
11,01=p
night Zappy
just came here for movie not ponies so bye everyone and good night :)
Bye ZappyTheUnicorn
dream of ponies Zappy
bye zappy
6/10. I'm not big on dancey montages, though they had its moments. The characters are complete stereotypes, and while I find the concept interesting with my own background, it was certainly not as realistic een.ould have been.
I NEED TO SAY THIS: Still a better story then Twillight.
bye Soupcan
don't worry IshCutFootloose we're getting TIME CHASERS MST3K after this!
d3rb: Highway to the Ponies is best highway ever.
gonna watch ponies :D
it's gonna be GOOD!
Meow
00,10funfact pick a WMC movie and get baned
They'll just make a nice sandwich with otakon in the middle
So what's the new B movie anyway? Or is that getting picked during the break?
indeed
04I was gonna make a Jackass remark, but then I remembered I was thinking of Kenny Rogers
bye Soupcan
anyway, too dead in here
Sarah Jessica Parker was in this? Dang, she old.
dis gon b gud
bye Soupcan
Burning the book of cultural legalism/10
It's a MST3K movie.
HOLY COW
going out to manechat I think
otakon oh you'd like that ship wouldn't you
i wish to drive on that highway
cartoon music?
/me dances like keven bacon :)
1,3are we baning people again Sumica? :3
I just got attacked by a huge spider!
"singin in the rain" its still my favourite musical of all time
DERPDERPDERPDERP: MST3K. Should be ok, riffing makes it tolerable.
6/10. It hasn't exactly aged well, and comes off hokey at times, but it actually has a surprising amount of heart put into it, trying to give a message about growing up and becoming your own person. It's also so cheesy I can't help but love it.
MST3K and rifftrax make any movie watchable
IshCutFootloose: no I wouldn't goddammit
otakon x manechat
I was sitting on the floor and everything oh god
has the lottery been done
05,15Remember, lottery tickets by the end of credits!
I believe you are kirzstryfe
Singin' in the rain was freaking HILARIOUS. So good, glad I saw it.
Woodenfan: Nice, nice. Which movie?
yes you would :)
Whoa... So, Sumica, if you pick a movie that gets WMC'd... You get banned? :c
Anyway
RAWRity: exactly actually, but cheesiness in movies physically hurts me
otakon: It's starting to warm up again
00,10I think we should kirzstryfe perhaps they will stop picking bad movies cause they are bad
K_A: Did you have Fire at hand?
I forgot. DERPDERPDERPDERP, check main stream
SunderlandPony89: what is?
wut do you think of this film?
oh look i missed the movie
11,01Hmm.
by god was that movie long as fuck
otakon: Dis chat :)
otakon: you just need to let go.
11,01I like Sumica's idea.
Sumica, this movie is good.. ;__;
otakon: to cut loose
02!Attack Norton Install
RAWRity: no
Install) uses Assist on Norton! It's super effective! Norton fainted!
otakon: to kick off your sunday shoes
THE GYMNASTIC EXPERT WAS CALLED CHUCK GAYLORD
'_'
but why else wold we pick bad movies? because they're good?
otakon Search your feelings, you know it to be true
00,10yes this one is
AHAAHAHAHAHA
*would
TheXIIILightning: No, just my sleeping bag. :(
Footloss
Metroid Prime Protip: The Gravity Suit isn't as good as it was in Super Metroid or Fusion
up next on friday night, PONIES!
NO RAWRity
CHUCK GAYLORD/ LOLOLOL
1,3I still liked it better when we got to hunt them down at their house and beat them
I already did my lotter. Had to resort to satanic acts like pony sacrifice and dancing to get it in on time tho... :P
Now start ponies
Sumica: I like the cut of your jib.
00,10but you should see some of the things people pick
You know what you gotta do otakon
RAWRity: you hear of Dragon's Dogma?
aaaannnndd PONIES
Troll 2 was best Bad movie
now for ponies....or the paramount logo
Besides, I fucking LOVE the soundtrack for this movie.
04And Kevin Bacon never stopped dancing
Pony Time
7/10
otakon: nope
PONIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
PONIES :D
Not bad
ponies!
We used to lynch people who picked WMC movies
SPIKE
K_A: Then Wack it with it. Then burn the sleeping bag!
Did you see the name of the films gymnastic expert?
04Some say his shoes are still tapping!
BRB
niiiice
Ah, yes... Ponies.
Oh, cool, pony time.
I'll be back.
only ban them if it gets picked, Sumica :3
pony time
spikeception
Ponies!
PONIES!!!
11,01Luna!'
THIS EPISODE AGAIN?!
I don't think you understand, I fucking love Mangoes
OH SHIT PONIES GETTING REAL
yay ponies, its been a while
<3 Luna
Hooray for ponies!
has the lottery been done
Goats!... I mean Ponies!
1st Gen Spike!
swirlbeard!
can i has awnser
( ¬‿¬) ( ¬‿¬) ( ¬‿¬)
dumbledore? is that you?!
04Oh hello best ep of Season 2
Hm, alright choice.
evening, everypony! :)
Bloxx: :D
YES
ao... how many times has this been played?
Luna's S2 Debut!
05,15Oh it's this episode......again
i put on my robe and wizard hat?
indeed
Fucking shitsnacks this is the 4th time I've seen this episode!
i FORGOT HOW MUCH I DID PONIES
Hey Sylandest!
Finally Ponies!
I always thought Twilight had such a long neck in this episode
For some reason, Luna confuses my nieces.
Pointless COSTUME
00,10only ban if the movie gets WMC'ed
Anyway, 5/10. Too many stock and 1D chaaacters, stereotypical portrayal of rural towns that could have been a lot more interesting, and very, very white.
And then Kevin Bacon went on to become a time traveling Nazi leading mutants in world domination
It's always this episode.
i swear this is the most showed episode
derp
Sumica: I already sent in my ticket, and my B-movie pick is rather trollish. It's not as bad as Samurai Cop, but it's going to be memorable.
Sylandest: Doing well?
blink blink
I would read that book.
luna eclipsed....... again
You used to publish the name of people who picked bad movies
Sumica: how long of a ban?
welp, time to explore tvtropes
forevar?
Spike is just so full of what, because he has probalby never read a book ever, in his life.
Starswirl the Bearded was my Grandpa
00,10ever ever ever ever
Hi Sylandest
Some said John de Lancie should get Patirck Stewart to do Starswirl the Bearded if he ever shows up
04PIPSQUEAK, MOTHERFUCKER
/me reads a book about obscure unicorn history
OK.........that movie was cheesy, but OK
SunderlandPony89: welcome to the brony fandom: where average-at-best episodes get requested simply because they have a fan-favorite character.
theyre monsters, burn them!
Yeah, this episofde isn't overplayed at all /liarjack
why never "look before you sleep" I love that one
I don't think you understand, I really fucking love Mangoes
5 hours
read up girls
I should've been dead 5 years ago!
Pipsqueak the pirate!
Sumica: oh sh** im dead if i get picked
TheXIIILightning: Halfware there. I feel bad for killing, but HOLY COW that thing was huge!!!!
AWESOME GRANDPA
02!Attack Cube Norton Install
Ninjazz|Tired: I'm tired as well, lol. but im alright. Just hanging for a bit before I go out to hang with some friends
RAWRity: Tis a sad thing
It's not offensively bad, though.
I might have to report it.
1,3we've had 2 WMC movies before, and you don't see those guys around any more, now do you...
Captain jack is a pony!
dat trottingham pony
jack sparow ?
02!Attack Cube Norton Install
04HELL YEAH, PIPSQUEAK
Spike is still my favorite character
Norton uses Install on Cube! Cube has 56 HP left!
Dat granny
Patrick Stewart would make the BEST Starswirl. :D
IshSexiestPony X mangos
No!
11,01My liver stopped working five minutes ago.
EVAH!
TheRainbowDash: Doubtful... Being a libraian's assistant means he needs to know somethings.
:)
it's the party of one of season 2
kirzstryfe: i think its more of... we dont remember their names
<3
Scootaloo!?
NEVER
Pipsqueak is a badass
Nevar
NEVER
pipsqueak is british?!
xD
1,3>.>
fun dittany
Spikes a dragon, gets scared by little fillies....Seems legit
I can't be the only one here that doesn't like pip
Seriously though, the huge amount of Luna/woona fanboys has actually kind of made me dislike the character.
Pinkie's words of wisdom
fail
TIEM IS CANDY
kirzstryfe, 2 WMC movies and Spider's Web
SunderlandPony89: Only fourth?
CHICKEN!
Well, welcome to the fun, Sylandest. :)
Ninjazz|Tired: I take it its the usual movie night chaos in chat? lol
NEVER TOO OLD FOR FREE CANDY!
MANGOES!!!
I WANT THAT HAT SO MUCH
PINKIE FTW
I love Pinkie
CANDEH
Sylandest: Mos def. :$
new to TF2
SO MUCH
twilight the giraffe in a belldress
HOOf
Ninjazz|Tired: tytyty :D lol
damn I loves meh candeh
Time is candy. Proven by Science!
IT'S A CLOWN, IT'S A CLOOOOWN!!!
Spike don't you dare!!!!!! DUMBLEDORE- I Mean Twilight COMMANDS YOU, BITCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Where is the invisible Rarity?
:)
sumica has lottery been dones
11,01Scootaloo Pie.
Ninjazz|Tired: He justs puts where the books are needed to be placed, not actually read them. He even sounds a bit illaerate.
ohai pony people
Midnight_Fyre: Only 4th for me anyway
02ohai junh1024
SING IT IF YOU KNOW IT
no, not a clown
(illterate Ninjazz|Tired)
dat point and shoot
opening theme! so badass DERPY
a weirdo clown
Dat intro
France?
Lol
00,10no lotto is after ponies
TheRainbowDash: You.... have a point...
HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERE WE GO
I love that G4 spike dressed up as G1 spike for halloween
Nittany_Discord..no! you evil person!
ohai pony people
/me shoots IshMangoPony with a mango cannon. "HOW YOU LIKE IT?!"
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Ninjazz|Tired: I got many points.:D
hai IshMangoPony
is season 3 here yet?
ok, no lotto after ponies, but when is lotto??
FRIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENDS
I wonder if I can get the marching band to do a pony related show sometime
FRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm the princess of the night!
ITALYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Partially because nearly every fic I see about Luna is how sad and fragile she supposedly is, and I've always kind of hated "woobie" characters.
I've probably seen this one at least a dozen times
GREETINGS
MOST EPIC THEME SONG EVAR
TheRainbowDash: Stop poking me with them. :|
Ninjazz|Tired: I still can't fully use my legs....XD
00,10waaaaaaa
moops
PINGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS
om nom nom nom
PORTUGAAAAAAAAAAAL
~So of course they run in fright
Oh here we go!
kidzrul434: not until September at least.
uhhh PIMPIN?
DAT MAC
lol
LUNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaa
/me 11,01is the princess of 9 PM EDT.
yaaayyyy, weeee.....
Ninjazz|Tired: Oops, sorry, my bad...
PASTAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
:D
ih
Nightmare Night!
Ah lotto tonight. I'm still holding out for Ninja Death :$
NEXT TO DUMBLEDORE?
sergio_scriptor: Buck yeah! PT
MORE SINNING!
Sylandest: Dude... You need to get some rest... :D
Big Mac gets ALL the fillies...
did anyone see Rarity invisible?
SaxyPretender run while you still can.
the audio keeps fluxing!
DUMBLEDOUGH
SEPTEMBER?! I CAN'T WAIT THAT LONG
fun Nittany_Discord
NOPE
nom
0,5ITS NOT FREAKING FRANCE
I'd join
I love how Twilight is still going on about Starswirl the Bearded, and Spike is just like "lolwat"
0,5ITS FRIENDS
/me would join that group
LordCelestia: you sure? ;p
0,5GET IT FRWEAKING RIGHT
How is Luna fragile? She fought the changlings during the Season 2 finale! Seriously, what else do you think she did during the attack?
11,01Everyone should know what 9 PM is.
!Attack junh1024 Avis Explode
france
Avis uses Explode on junh1024! The attack missed!
Ninjazz|Tired: I have been resting! It takes me ages to recover after the first run, lol
spike has goten greedy again:o
:) I hope this works - got some un-deep-friend moonpies to soak up the alcohol - I fear the hangonver Im going to have in the morning
0,5GOD DAMN IT
LOL
dat jack the ripper big mac
Dat rage
GERMANYYYYYY
/me dies
rainbow the shadowbolt!
Raintroll Dash
It is sort of ironic this is playing after Footloose, isn't it...
Maid hour!
Awesome Dashie...:D
Pinkie is best Scootaloo
Beep beep, I'm a cloud
RUN AWAY
Mr and Mrs Cake is Raggedy Ann and Andy
:d
hmm Friend"SHIP"
x-x
assassination failed
rainbow dash sure is a goddamn prankster!!!!!!!!!!
BOOM
RD is too cool for this
Old timer XD
that rainbowdash is a SPY!!!
XD
RDE broke spike
SunderlandPony89: She kicked their asses royally, but there wasn't time to show it on screen
He's dead!
spike dead
rianbow troll
DIABEETUS
YOU KILLED SPIKE
heart attack
yfw you never see Pipsqueak again
Wow...
he's ded
dat ping
The fanon personaility of Luna before she showed up in S2 was that of nothing but a woobie and I hated it
dat twich
Sylandest: I went to bed for 3 hrs and been here for around 4 hours and YOUR STILL TIRED!? :D
Spike.exe has stopped working
RD ftw xD
LOL You could have made him choke but NO
Too busy watching ponies for maid hr
04You gave him a bad heart valve!
11,01Gotta love Rainbow Dash.
Saxy is having a hell of a connection issue...
Twilight went to bury spike
Buy some ORANGES!
it's the derpy moment!
Midnight_Fyre: If only. Would of been awesome if they could of shown the battle
Derpy
SunderlandPony89: It's not so much that. It's that fans always seem to paint her as some tragic, poor little woobie who needs somebody else to save her and make her happy.
country singer....
:D probably need some milk with this
Nittany_Discord: You just have to, no , need to.
wheelbarrow
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsoxAG6wbIs&feature=youtu.be best PMV ever
Seriously, the last place I lived was in the middle of the woods and I never saw a spider that HUGE! People weren't joking in those reviews I've read of Raleigh apartments with pest problems!
Rainbow Dash is mean... :|
Buy some GRAPEFRUIT!
Spike is so meta
Hi LEMON Jack!
Derpy!
inb4 derpy spam
but then this episode happened and Luna was cool
DERPY
:P:P
DERPY
You Don'y Say
Sinestro, pipsqueak appears in the Iron Will ep >_>
DERPY
Woooo!
DERPY\
spike
derpy!
Derpy =3
Derpy Muffin paper bag wizard master
Ninjazz|Tired: No, she is being a little silly.
Yay Derp
DERP
DERPY
yay derpy
Derpy! Yay :D
derp
Sylandest: You never told me that. :$
BEARD = COUNTRY MUSIC PROVEN BY SCIENCE
HERp
And stuff like that has always irked me, because it takes away the characters' agency ove rtheir own life.
:D I <3 Spike's line
ohai derpy
Would you like a Watermelon?
howdy spike HEY TWILIGHT :D
Dat Derpy
oh that was good
Education, where have you gone and died?
they wore claping to derpy
COPY AND PASTE PPL
dat afro
Luna was always cool
twilight looks a lot like gandhi.
LOL GUYS, REMEMBER YESTERDAY, LETS COUNT HOW MANY TIMES AJ'S FRECKLES GO MISSING!
/me revives Avis
TheRainbowDash: Just pulling your hoof. :)
Mayor Mare!
for like 1 sec, i'd hardly count that
/me applauds for Derpy.
Derpy IS the best pony, everyone else is objectively wrong.
11,01All the little little ponies.
waaah
I'm Scared :(
and then fluttershy was the forever woobie
Ninjazz|Tired: Good.:|
WE are clapping to derpy
Whohohahaha!
/me :D
You know it's time for a new PC when opening a new tab makes your browser freeze.
TheRainbowDash: :P
daw dat laugh
Clown! Run
dont get any ideas Nittany
ZECORA
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOhhhh I'm scared......AT NIGHT
duuuude
=/ why doesnt she love that hair style
stop pinging me D:
Carreeeee~ed
The legend of Nightmare Moon, who we saw defeated a short while ago...?
RAWRity: That's pretty shitty, actually. Luna does NOT come off as weak
Dat Zecora
00,10is it bad I just hear the FIW version of this now?
Zecora is best evil enchantress
ok Derpy_Hooves
00,03Yay for Witch Doctors!
wut
08,01her mane is wonderful
that rainbow wig just kills it for me :P
Sumica: Nope
00,03Witch Doctors are best class~
/me haz idea for villain that would play as clumsy comic relief throughout series but then be revealed to be bigger bad towards end of first series
I'm scared
Zecora needs more zombie dogs
zecora looks so awesome with her mane down
"Her favorite game is Kingdom Hearts"
why is Saxy going on and off?
I REALLY LIKE HER MANE
I'm waching ponies at night
Zecora should wear her mane down more often
no, it isnt Sumica
WASNT NIGHTMARE MOON "FICTIONAL"?
Scoot-Scootaloose: THANK YOU
Sylandest: And how many times to you do this run?... :$
08,01and goddamnit, i can't watch the stream because i'm doing a dist-upgrade...
Saxy! In or out!
/me clings to chair
Zecora must have been a rapper where she came from
Nightmare Moon bites like a bed bug
Is it september yet? I wanna watch season 3
11,01Luna does not approve of this NMM retcon.
Braclets on Right Hoove
pretty nice
Nom nom nom nom nom nom nom
Ninjazz|Tired: well, during a usual week, two or three times a week
thats not how you spell Wizard
Golakka: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qa0-zHWD5P0&list=FLMiKyfpd2YMs-0bb-hnzcFA&index=1&feature=plpp_video I win.
^^
ikr Nittany_Discord
SunderlandPony89: I agree, but that's how the fandom chose to interpret her.
thanks
Ninjazz|Tired: at college, I ran much much further on machines
oh god
I'm scurred
Somebody should make a parody of 8 Mile with Zecora
I wasn't aware that the legend of Nightmare Moon involved cannibalism
/me finds herself paying more attention to the faces now
Zecora at her best ^_^
Not a retcon, just corruption due to generations of word-of-mouth.
its all empirical propaganda
can we show the friendship is witchcraft episode next? of this one?
Fill up her belly with a treat or 2, so she wont return TO COME EAT YU!!!!!!!!!
Braclets on left hoove
So I heard Tom sets mod: +o SaxyPretender
because she want candy!
Sylandest: As long as you don't do it everyday, you should be fine. :#
:$
TO COME GETCHA!
zecora is scary... but fun
Two Scootaloo's
With our combined powers, we can help Saxy stay in the chat for more than 2 seconds
AHH
is that andrew SunderlandPony89 ?
SHE COMES
kill you
eat jewww
Nom time for NNM, that is all.
WRITER LOGIC
inb4 Luna doesnt need a microphone
You know this Veemi.com stream's working pretty nice. I haven't had any lag or hiccups in the stream at all all night
Pipsqueak is the cutest fucking thing ever.
Ninjazz|Tired: hehe, precisely why I don't do it everyday :D
Candy to the candy GOD!
08,01oh god guys. it's time...
the demons!
OH GOD HERE SOHE COMES
08,01FOR LIBC6.
03http://imgur.com/gallery/396jf
it comes!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Golakka: No idea. But he has a damn good voice
/me 08,01runs
Pinkie is best Scootaloo
Is it september yet?
:p
LUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNA!
Best entrance ever
And all I hear is Master Exploder.
best entrence!!!!!
ITS VOLDEMORT
This episode sure gets voted in a lot.
08,01LUNA IS LIBC6!
The witch King!
It's like Hitler was secretly mind-controlled by aliens and the heroes helped him reform... but nobody wanted to let him forget what he did anyway...
Luna's entrance is so badass
ohai luna
11,01Bat ponies!
i remember the chills when this first aired
Sylandest: Still... Takes endurace to do that at all.
LICH KING!
cock a doodle dick
Luna is best Pony!
and then the audience squeed
Luna's voice is Powerful!
Oh look... It's that other princess.
Oh god...
I just realized something awesome.
04She should have just come down and been like "Oh man, I love candy" and just not care what's going on with the ponies
(Hugs Twilight) SAVE ME DUMBLEDORE!
Ninjazz|Tired: you have no idea...XD
oh god that's scary
K_A: What
lol, Ghosties
00,03Luna doesn't need a Microphone!
Nope
SHE DOES NOT NEED.... A MICROPHONE.... HER VOICE IS FUCKING' POWERFUUUUUUUUUUUUULLLLL
RyunosukeKnT: "I do not need...a microhpone!"
Once I find out for sure I'll update the video to say who is singing
save me dumbledoor
08,01LUNA!
11,01Luna!
That wizard hat Twilight's wearing? It's a lot like the ones from the classic Wizard of Oz illustrations.
Listning to it right now.
then ppl jizzard
dat song
Luna!
Wub wub wub
Dark92Enigma: im afraid he cant help us anymore...
Luna.
woona
04Ohai Luna
WOONA! <3 ^_^
SunderlandPony89 who maded that?
shits reall!
At least with the bells.
/me bows
I did
04You look so beautiful
:O
I remember when this Lune entrance was "trailer" for the episode and got everyone super hyped. Personally, I think the episode is kinda overrated
Needs more vines though.
I DO NOT NEED (he does not need) A MICROPHONE (a microphone) 'CAUSE MY VOICE IS FRIGGIN'... POWERFUUUUUUUUUUULLLL!!!!!!!
DAT CAPS!
dat CANTERLOCK
with those random bats... Luna is Batmane
04I'd do anything for mah gurl
Luna > Elvira as mistress of the night
shits reall!
Ghosties: She responds of no answer, rather than yell at your face.
Why can't I hug you Luna ;A;
her cape is bats, your argument is invalid
RIP headphone users
WHY
Dat voice.
yaaayyy....
RIP Headphone users.
MY EARS!!!!!!!!!!!!
:p
00,03Mah girl, mah girl mah girl~
nope
darnit, beaten to it
For the Lunar Republic
ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE EVERYONE!
Bow before you Princess the NIGHT~
11,01Citizens of Ponyville, there is a megaphone stuck in my throat. Help me get it out.
I'm not against making a character who has issues, or needs help, but when their severe emotional issues are meant to be what's endearing about them, it just gets insulting.
Ninja Escape
FEEEAST
Bloxx: I use a streamer, so headphones don't exist!
00,03Talkin' about mah giiirl~
Caps.
FEAST
xD
OK. No points for political acumen.
04Does she use a voice changer for shits and giggles?
It's impressive how a complete redesign was so successful.
Pinky... We "De-nightmared" her... You should remember this... You were there... You helped... :|
ALL OF YOU
08,01RUN AWAY BEFORE SHE TRIES TO SHIP YOU WITH HER OC!
i'm game, sounds good.
Heres a deleted scene that popped in my head, one the fillies screamed after pinkie says that nightmare moon is gonna feast on them, the glass windows should break. that would have been be a funny scene!
/me gives Luna his love and adoration
umm
so, only Twilight who doesn't have short term memory issue in her brain..?
Nightmare Moon will feast on your backside
Ninjazz|Tired: at the very least, I can relax for the rest of the night, without any exersise...barring any sudden need to run
Anypony else wanna panic with me?
Luna has a permenent wingboner
Ghosties, I would totally do that same thing :3
TERROR
No?
Her hoof smells like cream cheese :S
Dat whimper
/me PANICS
screams of delight alright...:3
Geez, spooking fear into their minds, don't you think Luna?
00,10perhaps less showing up unanounced
Cracks the grass
/me shakes her hoof :3
03LOL my mom started remote accessing her computer while I was downloading the Windows 7 ISO on it
03whoops?
RUN AWAY BEFORE SHE SHOWS US HER DA GALLERY
Poor Luna :'(
Suddenly Sara Palin
00,03dat rarity
Sarah!
Dat Daring Do costume
She storms angrily~!
03I did that as >wired connection, instantly better than wireless
moop
=/ Daring Do is Berry Punch
the fun has been doubled
I LOVE HOW SHE SAYS "VE THAT WAY"
Verywell...be that way!
Sylandest: That's good, but you going to go hang out with some friends right? Hope you don't have to run with the, :D
I also remember people posting screenshots of this episode from the HUB FACEBOOK and people called them for being fake...
08,01# i'm the princess of the night / which is why they run in fright #
oh yeah
SHE'S LUNA. YOU FUCKING IDIOTS. SHE'S BACK TO GOOD.
08,01Golakka!
no Royal Farewell? :(
not if you have to string wires clear across the house
Midnight_Fyre: Thats epic!! :o
08,01Golakka!
or across several floors
Ah! It is alive
Aaaaahhhhhhh.... This episode needed some Rarity. Good thing.
00,10I ship you with my oc
man, she ate that candy fast.
Summer time? Time to go nocturnal
inb4 B&
whats the Royal Farewell like I wonder.....?
BELLS
dat bg music :D
Oh, what do you know, that thing I got in that email is now on EQD.
Luna_ Twilight Sparkle, I ship you with my OC
Luna: "We won't..." then Pinkie opens and looks into Luna's mouth. Pinkie "How many people do you have in there?"
RaveBrony: thanks
Because Luna is more than 1000 years old, Twi, that is why.
03that's why you run them through the walls
"He was my best friend, and died alone and cold."
The only thing I don't like about this episode is how everyone forgot that Luna turned back to normal
yfw when she was alive during Starswirls time
03and just put a jack in the wall
^
she ate all of the candy
our DARK URGES
...
00,03Why does a wizard need bells anyway?
twilight_sprinkle I know but Twi looks like him (even if she's disguised after Star Swirl) But she looks like Dumbledore
x otakon
03My house isn't properly wired which is why I use wi-fi :P
DUMBLEDOUGH
that requires a bit more work and planning than most people are willing to do
magic.snort
Scoot-Scootaloose: For decoration, I guess.
Because bells are magic ofc
Ninjazz|Tired: nay, there won't be any running, lol. Driving? yes. Walking? yes. Running? You're more likely to see Gil become a nun
CASUAL CONVARSATION WITH EVIL CLOUDS!
I'm the princess of the night, so of course they run in fright~!
Luna is just a really angry pony
unless they are IT professionals
ROYAL WE
00,10cause mideval bling Scoot-Scootaloose
03but my mom's computer is right in the family room where the cable comes into our house and the modem is
Scoot-Scootaloose because they're awesome /)^3^(\
Dat face :D
08,01CANTERLOCK
03so obviously that's wired
dant traditional voice with THIS MUCH VOLUME
ROYAL WII
Scoot-Scootaloose: Starswirl likes the attention.
The power of her Thu'um.
They feel threatned an unsure
THIS MUCH VOLUME
I love that scene
THIS MUCH CAPS LOCK
Due to the unfreezing process, Luna is having a little difficulty CONTROLLING THE VOLUME OF HER VOICE!
03hence I use it for downloading large files LOL
:[ (Royal Canterlot Voice!)
so let's heighten your allure
VOLUME
OH..
and don't even mentioned that useless PLE garbage
IN B4 SHIPPING
11,01She was at space camp for 1000 hours.
dat oh
woohoo!
Luna's gonna get kicked from the IRC at this rate.
Nittany_Discord: SPACE
Woodenfan: A sterotypical nerd
TheXIIILightning: lol i was gonna sa ythat
And she's Yellow!
Luna sounds of just a regular high school girl.
asdfmovie: HEY! That should be our own sketch!
CANTERLOCK IS CRUISE CONTROL FOR OFFICIAL!
00,03aeiuo
And then the cutest Flutter scene EVER.
did you just touch my chest?
All good wizard hats have bells. Gandalf left his behind at Isengard.
electroshock therapy always works
Sylandest: Gil would be one is it meant being one those sexy ones you see every now and then. ;)
Inb4 epic scene w/ Fluttershy
FLUTTERSHY IS FUCKING AWESOME I LOVE HER
LOL
08,01inb4 if pinkie can make a portal, so can i
/me haz preordered Pokermanz Conqueest
JOHN MADDEN
:D
D'aaaaaaaaaw
Goob job Fluttershy.:D
Woodenfan: tell us something we don't know
I'M NOT LUNA! I'M BLUNA!!!
Ninjazz|Tired: *facehoof* I meant the normal kind of nun...XD
PEASENT PLEASE
dat sound
fluttershy makes my heart melt
Real hoese sound :D
sneato
03oh god
wing boner?
*horse
I love this scene too
03yeah that sucks
*Conkweest
xD
Sylandest: Oh... That is no fun! :D
*Magic Police
Me too
00,10this is why they had a hard time with the dragon ep
^_^ <3 Moon Pies - Delicouis!
Rarity was suppost to have a scene like this, but her scene was cut for time issues
CAPS
Shell yells even when talking causually.
00,10she learned from this
Dr_Fumbles: YOUR OWN ORIGINAL CHARACTER?
OKAY!
03my house's electrical wiring is terrible so I literally got no connection at all in my basement using powerline adapters
/me 11,01dusts FlareChaser
Ninjazz|Tired: legs do not desire fun...:D lol
BAN!
xD
MPACT!
d'aaaaaw
lol
Still not sure if want though
Smack
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!
BANG I meant
twilight_sprinkler: INDEED!
Perfect lesson over! xD
Better.
LOUDER THAN MICHAEL COLE!!!! LOOKITLOOKITLOOKIT
ok
Fluttershy: Ok...
k
I love that scene
Nittany_Discord: but....why me? Why now?
HOW IS this?
nyeeeeeh
<3
lol
NO, LOUDER!
Luna has a new Fluttershy!
I hate it because of interference
I will make you a Pwincwess!
oh god
xD
Wub wub wub
Good job, Luna! Now do it again!
hell I love this entire ep
PLE uses the HF spectrum
11,01Dunno.
<3
VINTAGE LUNA!
NECK SNAP
00,10we give you 1000 glomps starting now
well wasnt fluttershy useful
lol Fluttershy
oh god she's a puppet
TOO CUTE
All the wub
Everypony wants to hug Fluttershy
HOW ABOUT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
That pony position relative to Luna.:D
04I can't stand Michael Cole
Awkward....
Scoot-Scootaloose: It's because it gives them the magic. Like how costumes gives Mermaid Man powers
lol
Okay... :|
Michael Who?
VINTAGE PINKIE!
I seem to be inexplicably inflating again!
WHY THE FUCKING FUCK DOES EVERYPONY FUCKING SCREAM IN THIS FUCKING EPISODE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
:'(
from just above the AM broadcast band to a little under the VHF television low band
and then Pinkie makes it worse
dat face
:9
Luna is pretty physically strong, when you think about it....
NEIGH CHILDRRON WAIT
Sylandest: Just rest a bit. :)
Luna... =c
:(
Luna Beg
B for Backside!
Lectu- oh wait thjat's plan c
EpicPwnTime3: BC IT IS FUNNY GODDAMMIT
and what do the power lines in your house do to this?\
Hey! It's LemonJack!!
THEY RADIATE IT
OH.
Ninjazz|Tired: I am, hehe. I'm on my bed, lounging like a boss
neigh
MelonJack
This is why you don't give Pinkie the neuralyzer. She wipes everypony's mind including her own.
and also pick up signals on the same frequencies
lickable
05,15I uh....I'm not sure why people like this episode
I LOVE YOU LUNA!
dat mortal kombat pony
Inb4 "THE FUN HAS BEEN DOUBED!" Spam
daaawww
Whenever you get pinged from a mod a cookie gets donated to Equestria.
I like applejack, but she bores me :s
lets scream!
04When she's not lying
I never got that catapult thing... I mean, if they're properly set up, it's impossible to miss the target, right?
Suddenly no sword
I always get a kick out of that last scene - :)
Kiwijack
Sylandest: I feel as though I shouldn't respond to that. :#
Luna can annihilate Ponyvill in seconds if she wanted to.. I think I'd be a bit scared too
:$
hai lemon jack
im the only applejack here
I like it but I'm getting kind of sick of it tbh
Lol :D
:D
woona perhaps?
Bobbing for Grapefuits
of course they can miss
FUN
Instant mood change :$
LEMONjack, CHERRYjack
Fun?
F IS FOR FRIENDS WHO DO STUFF TOGETHER
Bwuh!
I drew Luna fun doubling awhile back
08,01NOW I WILL GIVE YOU A GLOMP
/me 08,01watches too much Friendship is Witchcraft
Applejack is just a little scared of Luna, because she bucked her to the Moon.
pffff, I bet Luna couldn't take even ONE punch.
04Oh shit
U is for you and me!
08,01SunderlandPony89: thank you!
catapults are inaccurate as shit
they didn't haz fun 100 years ago?
with the frequencies I am licensed to use I could kill a PLE connection
04Litwick did it
F is for friendship...
08,01<3
Funny how Applejack is dressing as a scarecrow. It's fitting.
SPIDERSES
f is for friends who do stuff togather!
HAX!
U IS F 4 YU AND ME!
04N IS FOR ANYWHERE AT ANYTIME AT ALL
AIMBOT!
N is for anywhere and anytime at all!
...
GLORY!
08,01fluttercry: because it's amazing?
HAX!
F IS FOR FIRE THAT BURNS DOWN THE WHOLE THE TOWN
Ninjazz|Tired: I apologize. Gil is rubbing off on me. Need to stop leaving myself so open to teasing, lol
aimbot....
U is for you and me...
>.>
DOWN HERE IN THE DEEP BLUE SEAAAAAAAAAAA
Oh God, get them away from me Luna.
why do the mane six not remember turning NM into luna?
Oh Yeah...
00,03Dem HAX
inb4doubled
In before HUZZAH
FOR THE LUNAR REPUBLIC!
lawl
FIRE!
Moar aimbot!! :[
HA HA THE FUN HAS BEEN DOUBLED!
F IS FOR FROLLICK THROUGH ALL THE FLOWERS!
fluttercry: because it has Luna. that's all the fanboys need.
WAIT FOR IT
The fun as been doubled
I killed a Pumpkin!!!!
THE FUN HAS BEEN DOUBLED -----Vintage Luna
The fun has been multiplied by two!
YAY!
HUZZAH THE FUN HAS BEEEN DOUBLE!!
meme
yay i killed a pumpkin :)
:D
punkin chunkin!
I like luna but I want episode centered more around celestia
Wooot!!! <3
U IS FOR URANIUM... bombs
And thus the meme was born
*1000
HERE IT IS
The Fun has been DOUBLED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DBOULE!
Double*
00,03Lag switching noob >: (
THE FUN HAS BEEN DOUBLED!
lol
HOORAY
...and that is where Luna's ping comes from.
lol
YAY!
LUNAAAA
and then Pumpkin Chunkin came to Equestria
THE DOUBLED HAS BEEN FUN
THE FUN HAS BEEN DOUBLED - Abraham Lincoln
the butt fun has been doubled!
Trixie Fanfare!!
woona
Is the lotto tonight or tommorow?
oh snap
n is for anytime anytime at all here in the DEEP BLUE SEA!
SECRET BUTT FUN
Double ALL the fun!
EAT HIM
secret butt fun
she sparkles...like a vampire. OMG LUNA IS A VAMPIRE!
I hope it's tonight
no idea
IN SOVIET RUSSIA........THE FUN DOUBLES YOU!
Poor SaxyPretender
Lunaughty?
Your hopes are irrelevant.
Tis a LIE!
Lunas gonna loon
guess what happens after pinkie say
"I'm gonna call her princess"
then again its a moot point now
Sylandest: I've been around her enough to sense the opportunity when it's granted. :$
Dark92Enigma: Dohoho! :D
TIS A LIE!
You guys probably know this already, but Rarity was originally going to be in this but got cut due to time issues.
sily pinkie chicken
think it's tonight
jeez pinkie, stop it
He can't get his o sorted out.
Dat Sweety belle
the technology is pretty much illegal
Dat lie.
WHELP!!! :[
TIS A LIE
11,01The doubled has been fun.
u mad Luna
tonight i hope. I think i'll be busy tomorrow
TIS A LIE!
Tis a cake!
>:(
DAMNIT PINKIE
It's like how Bleach is pretty low in popularity polls these days, but as soon as Hitsugaya is in a chapter it jumps up to the top 3
Oh, and the ending is a big mass Effect 3.
gobble my backside
I think type acceptance for it has been revoked in the US
dARK92eNIGMA YOU ARE AWESOME
whoops
i wish she would
funtiem!
fuuuuuun
THAT WAS A BRICK............I SHIT BRICKS
tis a lie!
GRENADE
Tis a spider
LOL
HELP! MY BACKSIDE HAS BEEN GOBBLED! - Joseph Stalin
There better be some Luna is S3 - I'm looking at you Hasbro :P
RAGE!
Does Luna have to smack a filly?
I wouldnt mind Luna gobbling my backside :)
00,03Granatu!
THAT'S NOT FUN
Kids show...
i keep wondering if she actually created life by bringing the spiders to life, or just replaced the fake spiders by conjuring real ones from elsewhere... :|
RAWRity: isnt' he the laid back one with the hat?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Right to the net.
Scary... butt fun! D:
fun...
ZUUUUUUUL MUTHAFUCKA ZUUUUUUUUUL
Ninjazz|Tired: believe me, I do my best to not grant those oppourtunities so often, lol
Guess what happens after luna says huzzah.
crazy
And that's how I got attacked by a spider.
Ragequit
well isnt that the recipie for fun
Darkts3 :D
All of them.
Hate spiders
hax
Release Cthulu!
all of them!
None.
=/
Over 10000
Scary skin fun
Dat Scream i love it :D
ITS EATING HER
8999
Poor carrot top
agh, my chat derped
/me is ok with spiders
otakon x Luna's crown
also, is anyone having odd issues with the sound?
HOW MANY POINTS DO I RECIEVE?
TO MUCH FUNNN
11,01None.
AND THEN ITS GOING TO EAT ME
otakon: no, he's the up-tight short guy with ice powers
scary but fun
Sylandest: Dude... I'm not Gil and I sense it! :$
You get nothing! Good day Sir!
=/
Legion of Spiders~
Luna gobbling backsides is scary butt fun
oh good god
08,01this episode is probably the funniest in Season 2
RAWRity: oh, that one.
Total bedlam
/me 11,01gives points
dat crazy
ponies are...kinda dumb, aren't they?
TO MUCH FUN TOOOO MUCH FUN
/me is commanded
BE STILLL
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE STIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OH GOD
lol
...
O.O
93 ponies died this night
08,01otakon: hahaha, thank you <3
epic
/me is still
:|
In the place of a Dark Lord you would have a Queen! Not dark but beautiful and terrible as the Morn! Treacherous as the Seas! Stronger than the foundations of the Earth! All shall love me and despair!!! :[
/me is still.........at night
Now shes angry
We're all gonna die
Ninjazz|Tired: brb, hold that thought
>:(
those eyes :o
*cant find the eclamation mark :()
:O
Instead of a Dark lord you will have a queen!!!
Epic princess is epic
Is Luna controlling that lightning, or is she just really unlucky?
08,01otakon: painful
Crippler well they are just simple creatures
DEM EYES
THE RETURN OF NIGHTMARE MOON
Sylandest: *hold thought*
otakon: the one you're thinking of is Kyoraku, but he's not Bishounen enough for fangirls, so He's not that big a favorite.
Screw Tradition!
FOORRREEEVEEEERRRR!!!!!
Ninjazz|Tired: and im back
11,01She can control the weather.
LOVE ME
5ever!
Okay for some reason the the music and sound effects are louder then the vocals
!!!
Dem magics.
THAT'S LIKE........FOREVER
Sylandest: wb.
help mommy im scared
Good job ponies.:|
EVER EVER EVER EVER
GLORIUS AND DEADLY AS THE MORNING as the sea!
when does the new episode of Legend of Korra air?
Stay Indoors Everypony!!!! :D
odd balancing
Big Mac
Foreverrrrrr..... :O
I saw Colgate dressed as a surgeon
this doesn't even make sense
and ever
Suddenly, The Sandlot
darn typo's :(
04Big Mac trying to get screen time lol
"ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE!" ENOUGH WITH ALL THIS FUCKING SCREAMING!!!!!
and then Pinkie
Big_Jake-intosh: 11 am EST saturday
=/
den pinkie chicken ruined everything
dat Zombie
Damnit Pinkie!
NOOOOOOOOOOOO I feel so sad
Princess to zombie, lol
I'm now reading the manga Medaka Box.
Plan C:......................Lecture!!!!!!!:)
It's not over, Not yet!
Ninjazz|Tired: tytyty
RAWRity: awesme thanks :)
Pinkie, you idiot
Zompony
"I JUST WANTED TO BOOGIE"
oh Twi
Lecture? Ugh...
Plan L
Zombie next year :( Poor little filly
DARK WANDERER COSTUME
dat lecturing
i wish i had Twi as my math lecturer
I love that line I WANTED TO BE A ZOMBIE NEXT YEAR
Lecture!
zombies = canon
00,10good thing she forgot she could fly
00,03Someone should get dressed up as Ermac at Bronycon~
http://imgur.com/n528a
o_O
why didn't she fly?
08,01hahahha, i just saw the PMV
it was a bad idea to begin with
Luna needs a hug
Ninjazz|Tired: now, about that thought i told you to hold
In b4 rape... =/
08,01i love whoever PMV'd that
Dat nekkid SaxyPretender
I can actually HEAR the broken-ness in her voice.
00,03Oh hey Saxy!
:F
08,01love you so much <3
lol
/me 11,01fires zombie cannon
*hugs Luna*
SHRIEKS OF joy!
*hugs LUna*
I did
Hey SaxyPretender!
ooh piece of candy!!!
Hello SaxyPretender! (waves and hugs) How are you today?
Pinkie's an idiot
Ooh a piece of candy!
oo a piece of candy
SaxyPretender, you finally decide to stay while, eh?
ooh piece of candy!!!
oo a piece of candy
A cannon that shoots zombies?
Ooh a piece of candy, ooh a piece of candy
dealing with mIRC issues
Pinkie isn't an idiot....Woodenfan, she's just random.....<3
08,01IshMangoPony: aye
hello SexyPretender
Someone should dress up as TOM for BronyCon
oh piece of candy
hey Saxy
Ninjazz|Tired: er...I have forgotten, actually
o.o
And neverything sexual
Nom nom nom
Rape...
eating candy off the floor?
raep
dat shark flank
oh, piece of candy
RAEP FAEC
rape time
this is strangely adorable
Sylandest: Oh well... :$
IT'S NOT POP TARTS
have no idea why it kept connecting/reconnecting me
08,01where'd you even find that?
Pinkie's my 4th favorite pony, just cuz the writers want to shoehorn her in so much
inb4 rape
08,01i thought i only sent it to otakon
I see Shizuka is living up to her name tonight
Dang it I didn't know all of you would do it
I HATE FEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
Everytime I try this I get arrested...
BAK BAK BAK BAK
dat ally way
I don't think you understand, I fucking love Mangoes http://imgur.com/n528a
/me crashes on text wall
Dat kick
textwall
So many text walls O_o
boop
O shite You just got Luna'd in an alley!
MAKE BABIES
08,01Midnight_Fyre: <3
Raintroll Dash
et moment!
Are you a maker of war or Pizza?
EpicPwnTime3: TEAR DOWN THIS WALL
Damn it RD!!!!
that egg laying pinkie pie
FEEEEEEEEEEEEAR
hoof boop
DAMNIT RD
04ET phone home
:)
make peace not terror
me too Ish
11,01Damn you Sumica and your WPM
IS FRIDAY NIGHT OVER YET?
oh boi
RD is too cool for this.
raintroll!
*Hoof of God*
dat egg
The hoof boop has been rendered moot.
FUCK YOU RD She's my least favorite of the main 6
DAMMIT RD
otakon: can I get a link to it?
/me 11,01changes
IshMangoPony: I don't like mangoes
Scumbag Dash
sorry. i panicked
SHES NOT THE SAME, WHY CANT YOU ACCEPT IT????
WELLL DUH
AND THIS ENDING PISSES ME OFF
RD, what you are doing is the opposite of helping... :|
Damnit, RD....i like you and stuff but that was rude
Ohai guys
/me dramas
Like she gobled the MMMMMM
RAWRity: I don't have it anymore, not the mp3 anyway
there are ways Pinkie...
00,10I cheet nitt, i have right click menues
why make creepy face when she strikes lightning?
otakon BLASPHEMY!!!!!!
Litwick: me too.
Well Duh~
00,03Well, someone is going to the moon...
OH hai Pinkies4thWall
"No I'm not; I'm a Scootaloo!"
Time for the author tract
<3
Pinkie is best Chicken!!!!!! I mean Sccotaloo
XD
Dashie has bad timing.
lolwut kirzstryfe ?
pinkie y u so stupid
-_-
Logic!!! <3
WHY U DO THAT
she's going mad
yay PP is best pony :)
RAWRity: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qa0-zHWD5P0&list=FLMiKyfpd2YMs-0bb-hnzcFA&index=1&feature=plpp_video
11,01Hi SaxyPretender
Silly Kirz
04Fear certainly elicits adrenaline
00,03You're just a chicken! Cheep cheep cheep
YEAH IT'S REALLY FUN TO PISS OFF LUNA.
sexytiem
Look at the fucks I give!
XD where is that pesky exlmation mark!
She's a scootaloo :P
A crazed chicken
indeed
I also have the mp3
1,3you asked :p
noooooooooooooo
11,01Forgive me if you're purple.
WITCHDOCTOR!
d'awww littlepip
Nittany_Discord: what happens when you get a ping from wrek?
wow i sure slept a while
Yellow pony x Little Pip otp
lol she disguised as scootaloo
Pipsqueak is sad.
dont be so sad
Hold on, lemme see if it's working
OK. Pinkie Pie is capable of swallowing a cake the size of a DODGE TRUCK and she can'e see how "Nightmare Moon" could eat her?
When did scootalo be acsoctiated with Chicken :P?
05,15Imma let you all in on a secret. I rarely watch an episode of this show more than once
circle...uhm....
Pinkie Pie: Cluck Cluck, I'm a chicken.
11,01I get pinged.
thats better
"might" is the keyword
honk honk
0,5EpicPwnTime, enough is enough. I have had it with this motherfuckin' spam on this motherfuckin' chat.
Fear creates power
otakon you're not even safe from shipping on youtube
Emphasise "might"
0,5:3
evl clowwwwwwn
SunderlandPony89 bwahahahahaha
"we still have gandi left to give"
Scoot-Scootaloose YOU AH TEARING ME APAHT
00,10did't she have the shoes on her back legs last time?
08,01dat giant wig
I can't believe I ate that whole pizza :P
Fun?
SPIKECEPTION
Might! let us live :)
11,01LC: Agreed
Ninjazz|Tired: the clown wig is more scary than Luna...
For Pip it is, since he presumably dies after this episode
She'll paint you a landscape with happy tree~~~s
Same here fluttercry. I only see episodes on Bronystate
LordCelestia dat snakes on a plane reference
fluttercry: aw
03http://mthruf.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/job-fails-im-a-little-teapot-short-and-stout1.jpg
Pipsqueak is like "They cancelled Nightmare Night. I cancelled their lives"
You'd think Zecora would be more on the side of helping ponies properly understand that Luna isn't a bad pony.
LordCelestia: Motherfucking chat? why not just him?:D
why am I hearing Luigi's mansion vibes in this music?
03:D
Why is giving your candy away fun?
What was A movie
Pip should be in more episodes :'(
Just like Tank...
anyone else hear it?
Big_Jake-intosh: I do, I can do a whole Large pizza easy
she is going to have a fear of clowns for quite a while
HE DIVIDED BY ZERO
can't believe there's a PMV of that
Big_Jake-intosh careful, Troll Rai might call you fat
lolSaxy
FEEAAAAAAARRRRRR
Sylandest: I'm more scared that about the spiders in Zecora's hair. :$
fluttercry: I've watched every ep at least twice.
Oooh, right clicking worked
Pinkies4thWall: Footloose.
Pinkies4thWall: Footloose
I rarely watch an episode of this show fewer than 4 or 5 times, and sometime dozens
dem fangs
also, I'm damn hungry for pizza right now
oh gawd!
nightmare Moon!
Pinkie.......Deadpool would be proud
Troll
Dat NMM
Dken2021: And it's bloody BRILLIANT
we'll never see that form again
11,01NMM is a vampire!
CountDoofus: /)
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
oh it did *trollface*
well, why did she wear vampire fangs?
inb4 scary but fun
MOON!
Ninjazz|Tired: true, hehehe. But its Zecora. she's got it under control
Daaawwwwwww
DAT TANGIBLE
PipSqueak just killed a galazy
00,03Transformers! Mares in disguise~
Whoa quite the size reduction
Twilight Sporkle.
Kandarihu: (\
Hai Luna! :3
Honestly, I think we should have a limit on how many times a certain ep can win per month
delicious mane
Because vampire
Scary....................................................... But Fun!!!!
^^^^^
Sylandest: I hate spiders. :c
dafuq kid did you just pull my mane!
HER MANE IS MADE OF SPACE
scry butt fun!
0,5Ponies in disquize Scoots
here it comes
lol
BUTT FUN
0,5Its more rythmical
hey guys there wouldnt happen to be anything on the stream now would there
BUH HUH
08,01inb4 scary butt fun
SECRET BUTT FUN
05,15Really? How do you do that? I actually get bored if I watch it twice, and more than one episode at a time is hard for me to do
Scary butt fun!
For the love of CELESTIA yes!
I'll try to post at least a few more bingo spaces for Season 3 bingo :)
SCARY BUTT FUN
SCARY BUTT FUN?! :D
otakon x Scary Butt Fun
scary butt fun
00,10and this was the most touching molest fest ever.
lol
kenne: ponies
and that's where the meme came fum
bc this is what? our 5 showing of this one?
SCARY BUTT FUN
:P
scary butt fun xSDDDDDD
Scary, but fun
So fun it's scarey in the butt
To The Moon!!!! We knew you well, Pip :D
TO THE MOON
Secret butt bun!
ninja huggle
TERRYFYING ANAL PLEASURE!
TO THE MOON
Pipsqueak and Luna shipping?
Hey Luna, there's a galactic war going on in your mane.
YES YES YES YES
xD
kenne: Just the BMN. Might of heard of that once or twice
bannnanas?
MMmmm
CELESTIA- I SENSE A DISTURBENCE!
purple but fun , no fun , but fun
http://op.kiriska.com/2009/09/bakemonogatari-and-the-reaction-guys/
secret butt fun, scary butt fun, the butt fun has been doubled!
just in the last two months along I think
does scary butt fun = rape?
YEEEES
I've watched every episode at least 3 times
Sumica, "touching" ;)
Scary Butt Fun
SHAFT le best studio
INB4 Pip becomes a bat-guard.
Midnight_Fyre: strange, my stream isnt working at all T_T
What show?
i miss most of the episode lol
YES!
I don't get it with Apple and white electronics
Scary Butt Fun :3
08,01fun, but fun
Will post something this weekend :)
GHOULS AND PHANTOMS
:P
well, that was good.
That good sport
but I'm kinda obsessive
fun with your butt
shark butt!
hiya SaxyPretender
otakon wat?
Jaws
fun, scary but
darn
hax
YES WE R GOING TO HAVE SCARY BUTT FUN NEXT NIGHTMARE MOON!
oh hai
Ninjazz|Tired: what will we be showing next? I'm too lazy to click the newsletter...
fluttercry: Generally I look for things I didn't notice before, or I re-analyze scenes I enjoyed before.
Butt, fun scary
One cannot defeat an alicorn with superior genes.
HAX!
His cutie mark is seaweed.
/me invites IshMangoPony for some "scary butt fun"
GIVE ME ALL OF YOUR RICHES
RAEP
WTF.
tangible tail
Problem?
Needs moar CELETSITA learns a lesson episode!! :[
00,10problem, mouse?
Dem Apples
Luna's pretty awesome!
dafuq kid stop pulling a goddess' hair!
haw haw haw
WET MANE?
*CELESTIA
Sylandest: Mystery Science Movie... Should be good. :)
Dat seductive look
well, who agrees that MMDM was teh weakest ep?
/me slowly backs away from SunderlandPony89
fluttercry: Was that at me? Just various times. I may watch one if I'm bored, and I see them when they are streamed here
alicorns are good at everything :|
beat at her own game
Denied.
die!
no no noooooo
LOL FAIL
lol
Luna: stop fucking eating my tail!
good for you!
:D
owned!
luna doesnt look scary she looks adorable and pretty
Ow, that must've hurt Dashie/
KARMA!
:D
Luna Win
daw
otakon silence you non-mango lover
Countertrolled.
Wait, Rainbow Dash we still love you.....no hard feelings right??
troll
We eill never see her again!!
AEIOU
otakon: I certainly agree.
LOTTERY
PWNED RD
Ninjazz|Tired: That actually hurt.
thanks luna, thanks
ok so now we do lottery
WOO
Ninjazz|Tired: I hope it is, as I won't be here to see it, hehe. But I hope you and everypony enjoys it!
03...LOL
oh its working now woohoo
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo giggle at the ghosties
9/10 classic ep
08,01we've had a luna episode, i think they should make a celestia episode
03my dog started whimpering at me
*48 hours remain til deadline*
Scumbag RD countertrolled by Luna
08,0110/10
03so I whimpered back at her
TheRainbowDash, she did the same thing to others :p
Nightmare Night/10
/me giggles at ghosties
03and she ran away
TheRainbowDash: *pats head*
IshMangoPony: I don't like mangos, sorry
yeah
Lotto +m time I guess
freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeends!
otakon: hey when did you say the RE6 demo went live?
Rainbow Dash is my least favorite of the mane6 TheRainbowDash, WHATCHAGONNADOBOUTIT?
MLP/10
LUNA/10
MLP/10
An absolute classic, 9.5/10
Ponies/ponies
we need a celestia episode! like what do they do?
08,01fraaaaaaance
Pony episodes are allways 10/10!
!---Intermission---! ..Time for Mario Kart!!!
mlpfim/10
8.8/10 would watch again
doubled fun/10
otakon SPEAK NOT YOUR BLASPHEMY ANYMORE!!!
9/10 ONLY NEEDED RARITY
FlareChaser: Hate and ignor you.
inb4 +m
Good luck to everyone for the lotto
a/10
Whats the B movie? O_o
otakon: I think Dragonquest was probably worse. It really didn't feel like a FiM episode
9.9/10
would watch again :3
suddenly +m
(ignore FlareChaser activated)
Scary butt fun/10
Lottery time?
DERPY INTERMISSION
inb4 +m
HUZZAH/10
me
IS LOTTO TODAY??? :[
kenne: bad news, the code won't work for you. It'll only work if the Dragon's Dogma disc is in the 360 at the time of download. It must be on the disc I think.
11,01Inafter +m
kenne: sorry man
05,15Let's all go the lobby
00,03Nah
Oh god flame wars over episodes
00,10oh look it's dat time again
1,3inb4 -m
YAY LOTTERY!
Midnight_Fyre: that's where I have to disagree with you.
FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUU-
/me 11,01goes to the lobby and sets it on fire.
00,03I prefer my kitchen!
StinkomanFan: no
Come on ya bastard.#
08,01i prefer my chicken
/me burps up pizza "mmmmm tastes just as good the second time "
00,10so lets see who wins A movie
00,03>: (
08,01baaawk
COME ON BRAINDEAD GODDAMMIT!
I prefer my Avengers
RAWRity: You like the ep, or just indifferent?
I think Dragon Quest was one of the best eps of the season, possibly the whole show.
0,5I leik +m-kips
05,15Did we win? Yaaaay
eeyup
00,03Huzzah!
08,01i prefer my little racist, smart-shaming ponies
mmhmm
04Did you win? /Patrick
I really like MMMystery myself
00,03How many points did we recieve?
and the finale was great too
0,5A many
00,10Barbatos picked back to the future part 1......might hav to reroll
^
00,03Man...
so much yes
11,01Aww.
OH goddammit, reroll
11,01Oh well.
04Reroll
/me force feeds otakon mangoes
it's Back to the Future Part 1
00,03we're not going 88mph next week :'(
I actually found MMMmystery to be one of the weakest eps in the series.
reroll? aww
/me fuses his mouth shut and burns teh mangoes
MMMystery was a great episode and I loved the finale for the songs and the awesome new villain
No, it was to soon otakon
Why are they rerolling? That movie is awesome
Too soon Executus
oh
10in during +m
00,10Stormchacer picked the deathly hallows part 2
I did not know that
whats with all this mango talk
Sumica, you streaming?
04Rhodes? Where we're going we won't need Rhodes
I must have missed tha movie
The Deathly Hallows part 2?
Harry Potter 8
05,15Really? Harry Potter? Dammit
00,10yes dari
08,01but... what if people haven't seen part 1?
always ?
but I haven't seen part one
00,03Harry Potter... great.....
I haven't even seen part 1!
00,10reroll?
08,01we should have a double feature as A.
kenne: Ish likes the contestable things
oh cool Harry Potter.
00,03lolnah
That should be neat.
04I'm not sure
13[20:08] [ otakon] I see Shizuka is living up to her name tonight
otakon: how in the world is that possible
REROLL GODDAMMIT!
08,01ohai regulars
11,01I'd like a re-roll.
13bathroom is getting tile redone
13i had to help
Shizuka: they CANNOT show Deathly Hallows Part 2 dammit!
04Then reroll
seriously, just can't do it
05,15We have a reason to reroll.
You do?
yes. Please reroll
PREPARE
REROLL
00,03Roll dem dice~
why do we have a reason?
FOR THE MOST EPIC VIDEO
wait why does Back to the Future pt1 get a reroll, I don't recall us ever watching that
ON THE STREAM
Meanwhile: it's Part 2 of a two part movie
So?
Just...prepare
Meh
11,01Not because it's Harry Potter. It's because it's one part of a 2-part movie.
are you saving the bttf trilogy for a special event?
IshMangoPony: it showed less then 6 months ago
00,0317 is my lucky number :3
NOPE
THAT'S MY LUCKY
08,01inb4 it wasn't my pick
NUMBER
00,10Cezar with The Karate Kid (2010)
17th is my birthday!
show me teh backlog
No
08,01we already saw that, didn't we?
AND YOU STAY AW- wha
We are not watching 2010 Karate Kid
well, the NEW Karate Kid
Fuck off.
Karate Kid remake?
00,03yes we did!
11,01We saw the original.
yes we are
132010 remake
04UGH, Karate Kid
the one with will smoth son ?
I'm ok with that
smith*
It was good
08,01wait, they made a remake?
00,03oh yeah...
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: eeyup
with Jaden Smith and Jackie Chan
04Original was soooooooo much better
=\
sure, remake was ok
I wanted to see that too
with Jackie Chan
Meanwhile: I'm getting the feeling you dislike that movie
00,10yeah will smiths kid stared in it
someone post teh backlog
00,03Mini Will Smith FTL
It has Jackie Chan, that's it's only redeeming feature.
He just doesn't want any trouble
04Anyways, announcement coming at the end of this lotto
08,01huh, interesting
ANNOUNCEMENTS
STFU
00,10oki B movie
IshMangoPony: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AmUkrR9vDjRUdFl0Z0pReE9TS3VPRkZXeFI4VW9POGc#gid=0
04I SAW THAT
announcement?
oh no
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: http://profile.ak.fbcdn.net/hprofile-ak-snc4/50414_81606671337_4237_n.jpg
i want to watch pokemon the first movie...
08,01HIS BACKSIDE IS WHOLE AND GOBBLED
4The Originial is soooo much better
so it's the remake for A
I don't like it when they say that
00,03>: (
original* :3
00,10Evil_Spike with Strike Commando
lol'd
02XD
Bugger.
Strike Commando?
sounds like a B to me
the FUCK is Strike Commando?
00,10never heard of it, sound B tastic
04Never seen it
00,03sounds so MLG PRO
08,01interesting, i've not heard of that one
sounds like another skin flick
11,01Evil_Spike is evil.
...
04But sounds incredibly BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
reroll
STRIKE COMMANDO?
Dunno but it sounds Bish.
Whaddya mean reroll
STRIKE COMMANDO
it's so B
Are you touched in the head?
00,03It needs more X's
00,10ok then on to C movie er ponies
4.2 on imdb, eeyup, B film
SaxyPretender: inb4 it's another skinemax movie
I don't see back to the future anywhere on the backlog
05,15also Ghosties has an announcement in case you missed it, so you'll know why we rerolled
08,01wait, no, i've seen half of that, and was 'meh'
00,03NO ONE STEAL THAT!
UFCK YEAH STRIKE COMMANDO IS AWESOME.
gonna be a Harry Potter marathon?
08,01but each to their own
05,15no
RAWRity: I take it you know it
00,10oh look a pick for Hearts and Hooves Day
:'(
00,10reroll
otakon: damn right.
11,01No.
Original nick, do not steal!
1,3yes
1,3it's being shown tonight
04Yes, reroll
0,5maybe
11,01Oh.
00,03Re roll night!
DIMENSION THE DICE
00,10RandomExtra with Cutie Pox
THE ONE TIME I'M PICKED
04Welcome to RerollState
THE ONE FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
lol
11,01We just need a one-sided die.
08,01we reroll, so you don't have to!
poor StinkomanFan
00,10and finaly......
ok so whats the movies chosen
00,03I think Yugioh had a gamemode where you used dice!
Dermathil knows that feeling
that was the joke
00,10another pick for Cutie Pox
so many rerolls tonight
WHAT
DAFUQ
11,01XD
Karate kid 2010 and strike commando
HOW THE HELL
Karate Kid(2010) and Strike Commando
04They see me rollin', they hatin'
NEW RECORD
SO MANY REROLLS
00,03OH LAWDY
Cutie pox AND...Cutie Pox.
11,01The Cutie Pox has been doubled!
.-.
so many rerolls
never heard of the latter
08,01ha!
00,10alexxm with sonic rainboom
StinkomanFan: nope, that would be 6 rerolls for A movie
Sonic Rainboom.
08,01noice
03great
03I bluescreened
Woop de fucking doo
00,03dat hax
Aw :'(
still not as bad as that one time we hadto reroll like 4 or 5 times for b movie
Funfact: Strike Commando stars REB MOTHERFUCKING BROWN. The star of Space Mutiny.
04Okay, good, we have our June 1st BMN
One day
00,10right then that's the winners
0,5otakon
OH GOD
04Okay so
My pick for Dragon Quest
NOT HIM
11,01Sonic Rainboom!
04Anyways
will be picked
So prepare yourselves for BUFF HARDCHEESE
04Before -m
00,03That's fine too~
0,5you have no FREAKING idea what ive done with your name, have you?
04There is an announcement that should be made
1,3A Movie: The Karate Kid(2010) - Cezar
1,3B Movie: Strike Commando - Evil_Spike
1,3Pony 1: Cutie pox - RandomExtra
1,3Pony 2: Sonic Rainboom - alexxm
04I'm sure some of you are wondering why we rerolled BttF and Harry Potter
0,5inb4 -m
um.........no
are you serious? lol
what HAVE you done?
RAWRity: YES!
00,03Because we hate Harry Potter
00,03lol jk
05,15Announcement time!
RAWRity: it WILL be fun then!
04And well, that's because we're planning on a trilogy event that will span the Summer
yay trilogy event!
Harry Potter is a trilogy?
Strike Commando is pure unadulterated CHEESE of untafhomably levels.
Since when?
and yay octuple event!
11,01The fun has been tripled!
04From June to August we'll be showing different trilogies! So we hope you're ready and we hope you'll have fun :)
IM DONE I HAVE GRADUTATED
Bronysith: good for you!
congrats Bronysith!
Gratz Bronysith
RAWRity: but........cheese make me hurt :(
If Hitchhickers can be a trilogy so can Harry Potter
04And if there isn't any other words I'll minus m
EXPECTA
PATRONA
otakon: YOU WILL LIKE THE CHEESE. YOU WILL LIKE IT AND SING ALONG.
00,03Luna!
04Oh,
nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu, not enough time to get teh ice cream
04One more thing
RAWRity: you have no idea how much cheese in movies and shows physically pains me
YAY!!!!!
<3
HELL YEAH!
04We don't have any schedule just yet, so stay tuned :)
<3 <3 <3
I wub this
Shizuka: you joining us in the madness dear?
otakon x Mike Nelosn
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo giggle at the ghosties
Strixe Commandoxor!
Where was Gondor when Ima let you finish but LoTR was the best trilogy of all stream time?
and back. and OMG trilogy event :D
inafter -m and ALL the rerolls!
Yay for additional railings! :D
Can I has first? :3c
The Night of the Troll Roll
in after -m
Ghosties, Harry Potter isn't a trilogy...
05,15BEST SHOW EVAH
Harry Potter isn't a trilogy...
Still... Karate kid just doesnt make the A movie worth it =/
Damn it's just like that one week.... So many rerolls the intermission was DOUBLED!
IN AFTER -m
*Nelson
MST3K? OOOOOOH YEEEEEEEEAH!
where'd all the views go?
00,03What about Luna?
YAY
Would the Troll series count since there are four movies in that
is this the magic school bus?
never mind
:c
02LOL
/me nods
13i should
otakon x pearl
dat post +m flood
Oh wow, I picked Sonic Rainboom since I do not recall having seen it recently.
God I love this show
ya Harry Potter isnt a Trilogy
WTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTF
11,01I can't brohoof alexxm because he isn't here :<
OOOH OOOH OOH
DAFUQ IS HIS
00,10Why so many reroles when I do it -_-
YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES!
wat
02I've never bluescreened before
win
anypony wanna see my OC that Jennidash made
DAFUQ
This movie is already so fucking awesome
lalala
And I just freaked out ost of Twilight_Sparkle with my age. AGAIN. ^_^
We should stream Hobgoblins
La la la.
00,10it' makes it look like I dont know what I am doing
Shizuka: how have you been dear?
11,01la la la
<3 MST3K
why is that the bitch
La la la.
fluttercry lied to me and said no Harry Potter event
la la la!
DAT Nittany_Discord
lalala
/me 11,01dust Meanwhile
StinkomanFan: oh god, that one. I've seen it before, it's.............bad.
i sure hope i dont miss harry potter, still havent seen deathly hallows part 2
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
Harry Potter isn't a trilogy.
00,10and yay finaly a pony ep i been picking gets picked
Wait I didn't know it was the MST3 version. I thought you were going to show it on its own. Well this is much better
CROOOOWWWWW
00,10Caramel!
Harry Potter isn't a trilogy.
I'M DIFFERENT!
fluttercry: what is said show? im confused...
What is this.
I'm still wondering why Samurai Soldier was canceled.
11,01Crooooooooow.
I would like to take a moment to say HOLYCRAPYESMST3K
Nittany_Discord: =/ you just had to consider reroll on Harry Pothead
08,01croooooooow
/me hugs Caramel
Alright so I'm waiting for Metroid Prime Trilogy and Mass Effect Trilogy
Our regularly scheduled b-movie has been preempted due to porn.
08,01lalala
Shamroc: MST3K
11,01La la la
tom servo is best robot friend
robot named gypsy?
Classic
guess I'm in time for MST3K then?
Dken2021: eeyup
Croooooow is best pony.
otakon X MST3K
Never say Part One OR Half-Blood prince-- never read Hatty P 7 either.
YES!!!! SUMMER TRILOGY FOR THE WIN!!!!!!!!!!
08,01Nittany_Discord: /)
also, Hi all!
no
Dken2021: Robot VACUUM named Gypsy
is this the b movie?
Sumica: I sent you a PM, but I don't think you need to answer.
Yay! MST3K!
I dont get it.
I'm a cambot fan. :P
mst3key
otakon x Gypsy
dem doors
ITS MST3K! HUZZAH!
hey WallDives
our b movie is a movie about reviewing b movies :)
ehhhh
/me hugs Sumica back
also, robot gumball machine named Tom Servo
and why did all the viewers leave during the lotto?
Hi mike!
wait, so why does Pearl torture Mike
SWEET!
he's got a haircut!
this is the NEXT ep too
DAFUQ IS HAPPENING
Satellight of Wub?
gypsy takes care of the higher functions of the ship also piloting
Rome burned while Nero fiddled?
Buytoast it is The Magic School Bus.......BUT IN SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
BURNING RING OF FIRE
from the last time, awesome!
karate kids 2010 inb4 I YUS WUNNA GU HOME
Or howeer you spell it
I love this show btw
Screw time and space
ah
*how ever
05,15Midnight_Fyre I didn't lie. It's a trilogy event
space bus
Isn't "satellite of love" a musical reference?
SPACESTUCK
SPAAAAAACE
Karate kid =/
Spaaaaaaaaaace!
hey bronies have you ever heard of rifftrax?
tom servo is best robot
LOST
LOST IN SPACE?
gotta go to space
In before SPAAAAAAACE
We're, LOST. IN SPAAAAAAACE.
kidzrul434: yes
SAY LOST GODDAMMIT
i have
hai kidzrul434 and eeyup
Watch for The Doctor Mike
in my spacesuit
Rifftrax? Tell me more
Karate kid 2010/.. is 6.2
<3
the hell/
XD
At least I have still have the foresight to see it :)
PIIIGS IN SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
the uncommented movie got 2.1/10 on imdb, the commented one 9/10
God bless you Crow
08,01hahaha
lost in spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace!
lol dat reference
Piiiiigs.....Innnnnnn.... Spaaaaace.....
What the Fuc-
Danger Danger
What the...:D
WAT
dat Cipher
08,01man, i love MST3K
I just....
Wow.
dat Dr. Smith impression
Lost in SPAAAAAAAACE!
didnt we see this movie? Or is it another one?
kidzrul434: about a week ago, someone streamed Jurrassic Park with Rifftrax on.
TheRainbowDash: wait, it gets better...
and who keeps leaving?
11,01You!
does it have RAILINGS?
:)
This is the emergancy b movie
08,01drum majorette
Funfact: LOST is a terrible TV show
owned
11,01You!
Kandarihu: wasnt that Nittany_Discord ?
:D
PaleHorse:Is that from the muppet show?
04<GabeMoist> Ghosties, Harry Potter isn't a trilogy... <-- Yes, we know that but we have special plans for that
WallDives: Better? I am more interested.
How can you tell that people are leaving otakon?
I have never seen it
03I blame Adobe
Nittany_Discord: Tonight.......... Youuuuuuuuu
/me dances fingers "spiders"
Eh, I need to be up early later. Need bed.
Have I accidentally done acid or is this a real movie?
Yes it is. :D
I don't know who it was.
Night regulars room.
RAWRity: ans that is why it is a classic
goodness it seems like its a slow night for me and theres like no one on
sleep well Meanwhile take care man
Hi guys
Sleep well Meanwhile
11,01That was Shizuka.
Oh hai icybeauti
Ghosties: It's a trilogy for very large values of 3.
yes Agrold
I'll catch the reshowing if I'm lucky, need to go to bed.
Harry potter week?
08,01i'm laughing so hard right now
Nittany_Discord: soz
back when the discovery channel was still good.
Agrold: it's a TV show about watching bad movies.
Agrold: Never heard of MST3K?
G'night everypony.
lali-ho icybeauti
Big_Jake-intosh: I'm talking about LOST, not Lost In Space
seeya Meanwhile
lol
11,01I don't have any rifftrax.
Heya OmegaMetroidBrony and Dken2021
Night night Meanwhile.
Cya Meanwhile! Sleep well.
Cya Meanwhile!!
Night Meanwhile
dont forget the twilight saga... TROLL FACE
BAi Meanwhile
Night Meanwhile
cya Meanwhile
/me 11,01pulls over
OKAY THE HELL IS GOING ON WITH Cipher?
seeya Meanwhile
They're filming a new adaptation of Harry Potter with pony figurines and cockroaches.
11,01Night Meanwhile
Mondo Coni foar A movie
night Meanwhile
bai Meanwhile keep that mustache clean
MANOS
Not sure if worth watching...
Downfall for A movie
04MST is sort of the "prequel" to Rifftrax
later Meanwhile
Night Meanwhile ~
THE HUBBLE
see ya in the meanwhile Meanwhile
I keep seeing him come in, then instantly gone
RAWRity: oh right did I say classic I meant I dunno
see ya MeanWhile! I LUV YU!
YOU KILLED THE HUBBLE!
WASH ME
bai Meanwhile.
Bone ship....
Cosmopolitan :D
fat lady
00,10seeing as the same people did both Ghosties
the doom door sound
later Meanwhile
Dat magazine
I remember back when this was on public access.
Ghosties U SAID U HAD A ANNONCMNET (dam caps lock)
dat floating
I'm glad this site is so helpful. Love this place, everyone's so nice! /)
damn im so annoyed how we skipped 2 good movies =/
Mike Nelson can breathe in space
I missed footlose
I'm suddenly getting a headache
00,10Space sure is cold tonight
PinkiePry:
04Yeah, but the original crew is doing another form of Rifftrax
05,15icybeauti lucky
They're awfully friendly for Archenemies
Their awesomeness preserves them in the vacuum of space
Lol!!
Woodenfan: (\
04That isn't Rifftrax
ABSOLUTE ZERO DOES NOT EXIST
11,01Absolute one.
11,01It does.
:D absolute zero
Science jokes!
Rifftrax was done in the spirit of MST3K as something that doesn't require licensing or making bad movies WAY more money than they deserve.
IshMangoPony, like Mario and Bowser?
fluttercry: But I wanted to see it :(
Woah, I thought that barking was coming from my phone and I pocket-dialed someone.
I love this scene, it shows the writers had a skillz that one does not see on modern tv.
13oh, rifftrax streaming is me
08,01i don't know why, but i think pearl is quite sexy
I mean it does, but it's never been reached
Woodenfan: it does, but we can't measure it
02somehow it's Apple's falt
Evil Eeeeviiiil
My sweater keep me warm in those absolut zero temps
/me hides
StinkomanFan: That's a perfect analogy actually
Shizuka: have you ever streamed a rifftrax movie here?
00,10I lie cause it's funny
If absolute zero was reached, PARTICLES WOULDN'T MOVE.
13otakon: yes
movie within a movie?! FILMCEPTION
11,01I missed rifftrax :<
13three times, late night
My body is ready for this.
SaxyPretender finally got to connect to chat then eh?
gotta love go karting with bowser
SPARKLE SPARKLE SPARKLE ISN'T EVIL.
HEY BOWSER, AFTER WE FIGHT TO THE DEATH WANNA GO GO-KARTING?
That guy
I like cheese
Shizuka: and i missed it? OH GODDAMMIT ALL DAMMIT!
Dr. Who?
That guy.
Nope
You know the one.
0,14ALL RIGHT
MARIO, WANT TO GO BOWLING?
0,14FIXED
OmegaMetroidBrony: If only.
It has that guy. and that other guy
robot ownage
Sumica: i lie because YOU PINKIE PROMISED!!!
Cipher: why did you keep getting kicked?
Sounds like Time Derping to me.
Cipher, about time
i liked that guys work in that guy the movie
OK. We already know the movie. Don't have to see it now.
offfice chairs are fun
I love that guy he does great movies
I lothe you too!
evil is funny
how long is this episode? about an hour?
Kencolt: you KNOW you want to watch it dammit
lol
This movie feels like one of my nightmares... oh god...
Time Chasers: Starring That Guy and That Other Guy
What...:D
Was that an intake of an outake?
More villains need to be classy like that.
Nothing good has ever come out of Vermont.... Except maybe cheese...
...
Woodenfan: probably a hour and half
otakon x Gypsy
00,03Yay! Cipher is back in all his colorful glory!
He's a good kid. :3
/me wakes Ninjazz|Tired up
thanks
otakon: dont worry. we're watching mst3k! HUZZAH!
The hell was that....
Is this my experience in 3D?
00,10dem kids
Well addition to the drugs.
[11:18] <@Ghosties> Anyways, announcement coming at the end of this lotto
lawl
And we have movie sign!
woo movie time
GOD DAMNIT GAY BOWSER
this scene rocks
Here we go.
i missed it?
3 2 1
YES MOVIE SIGN
yes
PUPPY
00,10yeah it was anounced
SO LONG GAY BOWSER
This is my lab
HEY. WARIO, WANT TO PLAY MONOPOLY?
00,10you missed it
Even poni?
it's a doggy!
what was it
Tbh, never seen any of these movies.
Obsidian: :D
this is gonna be good
Dogrector
Doggies!
This should be good.
Peter Lackwit?
so did the lotery finally get through? what Movies did they pick?
/me is losing it already
Dirogtor
...
lol
05aaa h MST3K
LOL
NFL GRAPHICS
JOHN MADDEN
Hahaha, amazing.:D
But serious ]ly I do havea lab
If Bronystate had three people...
05good think to fall asleep to
13otakon: and i guess anyone else curious about my rifftrax streams http://pastebin.com/kxnzu6v0
05ng*
The PCB is important to the movie somehow
02some be using Arti's Art
Oh, THAT guy!
00,10Sleep well wrek
CHIME TASERS
sumica my internet derp i woud like to know
We Must Chase Time
I <3 Crow's character - that's his name right, Crow?
lewk its Wreck
This is more like SUPERlimina advertising...
02http://writer.dek-d.com/Writer/story/viewlongc.php?id=363542&chapter=79
00,10dream of filly Twi
They know about TGWTG?
Yep, he is Crow.
the sad thing about this show is that all these movies are real
I watched this not long ago I remember nothing about the movie
0,14I liek Gatorade
/me cracks up
Hey guys
MST3K Fugitive Aliens foar B movie
Obsidian: this is WAY before TGWTG
05Darkts3: oooh! where? wherei s Wreck?
*is a huge fan of this show and has been since she was a wee little girl*
08,01what's Gatorade?
do you like Lemons?
lol
when was timechasers released? 70's?
Superlimina Advertising: "SMOKE!"
yes
i do
do you like lemons guys? XD
05,15HOWEVER! TGWTG did do a rifftrax with them
I think people here like lemon
Taht mullet.
03http://chzautocowrecks.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/mobile-phone-texting-autocorrect-what-the-hell-draw-something.jpg
it's aid made of gator
0,14MULLET
00,03Lemons <3
0,14BURN IT
I've seen every episode that have Mike multiple times.
0,14BURN IT
Kencolt: it is a terrible magnificent horrible beatiful thing
00,10hightech
Shizuka: any chance of knowing ahead of time when you stream a rifftrax movie?
I have no idea what this is.
08,01That Guy Riffs is unfunny
._.
^
Everyone here likes lemons
A commodore?
TI NRUB
Kencolt: how you been man?
Stop stealin' my lemons!
It would be too artificial and forced.
fluttercry: which one?
Wait, Marty?
Sumica can u tell me what the annoncment was
0,5I love lemons
13otakon: not usually :3
0,5Lemons are fun
1541 floppy drive
/me gives everyone a lemon
Woah I didn't get a good look at that. Was that a C64 floppy drive or an Apple floppy drive?
Lemons alllllll night long
05Darkts3: where? where is Wreck?
2041
If you were a lemon.
I like lemons.
Shizuka: dammit
05,15I dunno I just know he did one with them
back when half dollar coins existed
00,03Awww yeah~
13so far it was when it was really late night with nothing else on
Wrek: Going Around, Stealing your moneyz
Dont link the fucking video
wow, that's only 18 years from now
2041 is a myth
lemons are nice
It's a magic coin that lets him grow huge to fight Godzilla.
05shiit
Dat 50 cent piece
Woodenfan, they still do
0,5Lemon ----> Lemon Juicer
I would love you, and cherish you, and put you on my shelf
Ubuntu 12 is retarded LOL
K .l
So how's the lemons?
wait, 19 damn my math
I love lemons.
do you like mmmmlemons
otakon: Doing fairly well tonight.
ok whats with the lemons
Lemons are delicious
</random> As it removed hibernate
GabeMoist: then why have I not seen one!
Kencolt: good to hear
I demand to see movie's manager!
Monster A Go Go was a tough one to accept...
LordCelestia: i want lemons..
its awesome because they have bad movies to make fun of, but its awful because someone would actually make the movies that they make fun of
XD
8She doesn't deserve the lemons!
Nope
/me slaps OmegaMetroidBrony
am I missing somehting
Congrats on another EqD Drawfiend feature, Wrek ;)
Too bad for you Crow
haha
I still say that "Nudist Colony of the Dead" would be the greatet B movie ever.
00,03Lemons make people feel good~
Nom
Demand to see movie's manager
Lol
00,10the powerfull apple 2e
lol
Floppy disks are delicious.
mmm... Delicious floppy disk...
I love MST3K
lol
Lemons are so hardcore
Dat 5.25" floppy
Hey, floppy disks are delicious.
juicy lemons
dohoho
;A; What was that for Alicorn_Prince_Shane ;A;
lol
Mmm, Floppy
xXxScoot_CommandoxXx: why the x's?
08,01hahaha
05makes me miss my old performa II Sumica
08,01oh man
Uzi in the sky..... with diamonds~
/me 1,1
dat oldschool desktop
Woodenfan, they're not very popular, but they're still minted IIRC.
00,10lawl wrek
OmegaMetroidBrony: cause u deal drugs
XD
FAP TIME- Random Dude
I love the eighties
00,03Because I am MLG PRO LEGIT
its a movie within a movie within a movie
Friday Movie Night is brought to yu by Detroit. Its a shithole full of people who steal!
otakon x lemons
Ah, yes, the Apple 2e actually followed the failed Apple 3.
Keep putting my laptop in sleep mode.
Holy shaz
Gencorp
loading up dolphin to play pokemon xd and watch this
MLG = Major lemon g*****
/me 8,1Likes lemons
Listening is good
*is NOT getting out of this chair unlees - sobers up - or finishes wathching this movie -or falls aleeps*
That lawyer lies through his teeth.
otakon: On Twilight_Sparkle, where I logged into, somepony asked who was oldest. Oh, when they set themselves up like that...
I miss my Commodore 64... I had so many great games for it.... Like Rat Race.... and Forbidden Forest. :)
/me innovates
you do?>
But... But... But... it's the only DECENT way to make money ;A;
Knowledge is a natural resource
2,15Hey Olly, hasn't it been about 10 seconds since we looked at our lemon tree?
?
the hull has been doubled!!!
Kencolt: lol
So.. we're watching a creen where some others are watching a screen where another guy is watching a screen...?:s
108HAHAHA
o hai Everlasting_Joy and TheRainbowDash
oh dear
Wait can we post color?
A GOOD memory.
108It has!
SCREENCEPTION?
11,01Gencorp!
TheRainbowDash: yes it is
Pale_Horse: I'm in NA, so I discovered it only through emulation myself.
employees are our 3rd most valuable resource, after coal and phlegm.
huh?
11,01I love them!
Paladin_Drakkenwolf: Everything has been doubled.
Howdy Alicorn_Prince_Shane!
I don't get it
lol
05in the flesh
RainBroDash, get rid of that atrocious color
so how much do you like lemons
Dragonball Evolution Rifftrax foar B movie
but y'know what;s better than a lemon? a banana!
RainBroDash: YOU ARE NOT OLLY
i see
05fresh
it crashed? NOOOOOOOO
oh god put your shirt back on!!!!!
just saw that wrek made it to todays drawfriend nice~
Hello there Alicorn_Prince_Shane! (waves and hugs)
Oh god I have this guy's hairstyle almost.
05a la chinese in deus ex
Everlasting_Joy: aint u a mod or somethingof Bstate?
wait.......YOU ARE?!
Lemons are EXCELLENT
Mullet, check. Shirt MISSING
Put on a shirt man!
Nittany_Discord: whats your specs?
goddammit faked out
Radical design dude
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Nope, not a mod.
/me 11,01brushes Wrek
Which is funny cuz I'm a computer dork too! :D
otakon: It's a good piece of food
XDDDDDD
05,15Alicorn_Prince_Shane nope
No This is Patrick
game doesn't want me to have a shadow spinarak
Sure you did honey
otakon: You're a bit slow today
Gencorp gets him hot
dat hair
also, the HELL is xXxScoot_CommandoxXx?
He likes Pizza Hut apperantly
Everlasting_Joy: u sure one of us?
Rockin'.
08,01RainBroDash: only the incendiary kind?
This guy's voice is annoying.
oh boy
ScootaChicken: how you been man?
lol
Is this the krusty crab?
otakon: Look at his colours.
lol
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Yes, why do you ask?
Lemons are so useful
otakon: your mum
for so many things
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5NznZUylKbk'
00,10more K cars
So many wonderful things
00,03I am a lemon enthusiast
teh|Spitfire: No this is Bronystate
11,01Lol.
What is this place, filled with so many lemons?
LOL
not plad!!!
lol
108There are many uses of lemons. That's why I keep a lemon tree. There are lemon pies, lemon meringue pies, lemon cakes, and more!
Gary: water under the bridge man
lol
Its a lemon party
11,01K cars rule.
Everlasting_Joy: i just thought u were a mod cause didnt u host Babbling with Bronies
11,01XD
RainBroDash: I don't like lemons
um lemons
.....
OK. This is the female lead. We are DOOMED.
08,01i have a bee tree
Oh shit, we can't even do it in the regulars room anymore?
/me is confused by all the lemon talk
08,01it makes honey
Fucking hell
00,10yep
/me gives otakon lemons
I want to grow a bonsai lemon tree
I prefer Limes
It's gewd to see ya!
oh yeah! dolphin runs like shit when this is on
dammit
ScootaChicken: my mum would kick your AND my ass
DOOM<
Beautiful lip syncing
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Yes I still do, but BwB and Bro State are two different, independent entities.
That commentary is of the best.:D
00,10dont worry, it gets worse
Sometimes when that guy talks I think it's Crow mocking him....
XDDDD
08,01no shipping otakon anywhere
Heh.
XD
Everlasting_Joy: so ur head of Bwb?
>Nerd glasses
she has a black hole underneath that hair
>A mullet
SHe's got a mouth the size of Discord's.
everyone will like the lemon
ill brb again, getting dessert
wow im lagging hard =/
This ends well
Why does this guy sound like he's itching for a hit of crack
All glory to the hypno lemon
Hmm, needs more nom.
108Yes Chrysalis, yes!
Hai~
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Yep, founder and boss.
This movies a LEMON!
00,10was the screen cracked on the computer
RADICAL!
y'know what's better than a lemon? Lime!
A COMPUTOR, WOW
...
What?
Dats pretty radical
Radical?! :D
EVRYTHING needs more plaid :D
Oh look, not Burt Reynolds.
08,03Lemons <3
the hell are you on about?
00,10he has two first names
0,14dat UGLY moustache
plot twistt(?)
LOL
08,01he looks like a white indian
I don't like lemons dammit
not a single fuck was given
COMPUTERS ON A PLANE? - snake
05LordCelestia
05LordCelestia
05LordCelestia
ahhh my eyes!
orange
llooolllll
0,5Oh
08,03I mean Sprite <3
0,5you LOVE lemons
02zo
YOU KNOW YOU LIKE LEMONS
and THAT IS NOT A KICKABLE offense
lol
/me 8,1gives otakon lemons
LordCelestia
This guy seems legit.
lol Wrek
2,15How can you not like lemons?
He caked!
Computers on a plane? Swag!
02what's up durf?
otakon yes you do, everyone loves lemons
Lemons are lovely.
/me puts a lemon in otakon's mouth
Tangerine
LordCelestio
/me makes exploding lemonade
05PM
0,14Lime > lemon
Lemons are the world
TAKE THIS!
No Skydiving granma :'(
lol
XD
Citrus fruit
Just don't steal dari's lemons
lol
11,01I don't know if I can eat and watch this movie because I might choke when I laugh.
/me force feeds otakon mangos
FFFFFFFFFF
No Lemons are obviously superior
/me throws exploding lemonade into chat
and all will be splendid
that mullet
i am sick of all these motherfucking computers on this motherfucking plane!
05,1513,9 I liek watermelons
Wrek:=/
02drf*
To crash!
FUCK
To Crash :D
fluttercry.
fruit war
oh noes dont choke Nittany_Discord
02:'D
Srsly.
waterlemons?
2,15You stay away from my lemon tree
bro.
I wanted to see Gramma :'(
ow my eyes
I challenge your Lemons....WITH MANGOES!!!!
or.. citrus war
ohboy
lol
This guys chin should come with a plastic cover, jeez is it pointy.
*spits all over screen with laughter*
this stuff, and this other stuff
Hahaha:D
WAT
08,03Lemons are where its at!
lol
DashWithRainbows x daribot
:D
/me throws combustible lemons at dari'
lol
08,014,2i have no idea what colour this is
s tree
XD
oh this looks good..
00,10time transport
ScootaChicken Needs more lemons
This ISN"T A FUEL EFFICENT THING?!
OK. THis guy does NOT know how to build a TARDIS.
/me 11,01transports
tardis with wings?
Green tech is more important that time machines
Amish guy- IM SICK OF ALL THESE MOTHERF****** COMPUTERS ON THIS MOTHER****** CART
Tortoise.
Forget Lemons, Mango is the money fruit
108I wish I was a lemon!
LordCelestia: what happens if i say your name 3 times while making bacon?
badum tssh
GET IT?
time lemons
Time travelling... with the main character named Marty.....
he has a c64 in there. this can't fail.
SCIENCE
IshMangoPony: nope
/me transports this nonsence
when this sucker hits 88
xXxScoot_CommandoxXx do you like combustible lemons ?
time machine with APPLEII computer
NOPE DON'T RING NO BELLS
kenne yep
Now
Darkts3 you totally just stole my comment
00,1050 year's of ad's later
nope
AND COMMERCIAL
I know Litwick.
yep
08,01this is wonderful
08,03Of course I do!
nope
Sumica <
That moustache
yep
WEIRD COMMERCIAL :0
nope
XD
is that
yep
xXxScoot_CommandoxXx http://store-new.valvesoftware.com/product_images/main_images/MU525_Main.png
Dorkts3 i seriously said that eariler
/me gives DashWithRainbows his 8,1lemons
Darkts3 Samuel L Jackson reference FTW
Dat computer
NEEERRRDDD!!!!
FINE
someone throw otakon a lemon party
Time Mister horrible actor. is it really that time again?
nopnopnopnop
GET ON WITH IT!
i forgive you man
hurry up
05,154,7 Blood Oranges are best
Whatever, we get it...
DO SOMETHING
...What a story, Mark!
yepyepyepyepyep
108HEY, WHAT THE LEMONS?
id actually like to hear what he was saying.
coffe mug ~
REVERSE THE POLARITY
Reverse the polarity of the neutron flow.
I want to go to Pompeii 79 AD
MIKE DAWSON?! WTF IS MIKE DAWSON DOING IN THIS MOVIE?!
Wait a moment-- those ARE the TARDIS controls. At least some of them.
inb4 terrible perception of what the future was like
That guy must be "HIGH" or something to think that!
fluttercry: my eyes...and i cant read that
Time travel's a risky risky concept
Reverse the polarity of the lemon
If man is still alive.
IshMangoPony: nuh uh
lets see this...
are they going 88mlp in the air?
DR WHOOVES WOULD DO BETTER
This should be good
TRIPPIN
wat
00,10flux capasater is .....fluxing
kenne Yuh Hah
LOL
OK YEARS FROM NOW. LET'S SEE WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE
0,14Delorean > stupid Biplane
RX-78-SweetieBot: dude, hear anything about the weekend operation for ME3?
oh, MST3K, how I've missed you :D
XD
Hold on.
BRB
*mph
They've gone to plaid!
ON THE COMPUTER :P
Oh ow, seizure.
and then he crashed and died from typing
I forgot to Robot bro.
otalemon: no
Mango is best fruit
IshMangoPony: no and thats final
08,03Does it have Lemons?
Guys, I'm still waiting to see the hovercars and hoverboards n stuff
WHAT YA DO :O!
00,10looks like sim city2k
He did and Internet
cheesy graphics
I just noticed how huge his chin is...
The future DOES mean cheesy graphics
SIM CITY
the future has low resolution
kenne: yes and thats final
lol
2041 and its going 0.5fps.
Or leave them in suspense.
oh no you didn't!
future
Mike Dawson! Don't bring him back!
all the best things have lemons in them
._.
rigght
6lemons....
Where was GOndor-- Oh, THERE it is. Well, that wuestion is done.
lol
XD
A FUTURE WHERE CHILDREN RULE THE WORLd
:D
Gay Agents
mangoes...
future will still have skateboards>
nice clothing for 2041. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
LOL
No no no, this isn't the future. This is the 90's!
anything>stupid biplane
11,01Lol.
LOL
lol
Woodenfan: Almost there, look up quantum locking
this is a lame future, ther's no chrome
I never get tired of that line
LOLS
lol
IshMangoPony: no
They still have bikes
0,14mfw Phoebe
lol Everlasting_Joy
lol
It is her!
Not sure if Gay agents or Gay Asians
they have mobile phones
kenne: ye
What?... Is... Going on?!
08,03This movie needs more lemons
s
This room was dead during the A movie. Now it's going as fast as the mane chat
Seems legit
XD
0,14haha
/me noms on kirzstryfe
lmao
He's gonna play Peasent's Quest
Lesbian of the future
A lesbian of the future!
lemon covered railings
OmegaMetroidBrony: :D
ALL OF MY MONEY
00,10bronystate.......of the future
WIn
LOL
We gonna make some lemonade
kirzstryfe: moops
lemons OF THE FUTURE
They wear long leather coats in the MIDDLE OF SUMMER
Trees of the future
00,03The future is Red :O
0,14I come
2041 sucks.
Bronies... OF THE FUTURE
Sumica...OF THE FUTURE!
/me gives otakon 8,1lemons
0,14FROM THE FUTURE
This reminds me a lot of overdrawn at the memory bank.
05,15Memes...OF THE FUTURE
otakon: otakon, want to back me up here?
LOL
:P:
This looks like 2004.
the funny thing is... when movies were made in the 70's-80's they expected robots and flying cars in 2008-2012.... GOD WERE THEY WRONG
This is too awesome
i wants lemons..
08,01hahahaha
2041 was a good movie
0,14>prevent Smashing Pumpkins
And in 50 years, there have been no advances in umbrellas.
0,14DO IT
/me gives otakon mangoes
0,14DO IT
My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic. . .From the Future!
0,14DO IT
LOL
/me gives some lemons to kenne
J-Jim Carrey is awesome :P
kenne we know you love the lemons
or was that 2046?
Dat Newt Gingrich
Welcome to the world of tomarrow...
05,15>prevent Newt Gingrich? DO IT
DAMNIT MIKE DAWSON
^
yay
0,14no
GET OUT
SaxyOftheFuture: Raep face
do it
i like lemons
stop the NEWT!
Egghead.
00,03The Smashing Punpkins were AWESOME~
Kencolt: They'll have LEDs on them and built-in MP3 players.
How long did MST3K run for?
0,14we end Smashing Punpkins first
Darkts3 there have been robots since like, 2003
no prevent Justin Beiber
XD
/me gives otakon more 8,1lemons
All my yes
lol
> prevent mlp?
Bob Saget
I loved Jim Carrey in The Mask
hey Jim Carrey and Smashing Pumpkins are awesome
only you can prevent Newt Gingrich!
Prevent Jim Carrey? ...I'm okay with this.
> DON'T DO IT
You can send a egg :P
/me 11,01dusts channel of the future!
There was one thing missing... Ponies
send bob saget to meet charlemaign
;p;
GabeMoist: Nooooooooooooooooo
00,03You no good communist >: (
PREVENT GEORGE BUSH!!!!!
who is talking??
/me gives otakon more mangoes
prevent lmfao
kenne and otakon need moar lemons
05,15Preventing things, OF THE FUTURE
prevent newborn cuties
...Why didn't he do that?!
If the bank dosen't crash in the Depression.
00,10receading hairline.......of the future!
Send the Full House cast to meet france...won't end well.
08,01jk rowling
if killing george bush would prevent ponies...
NO MORE LEMONS AND MANGOES DAMMIT!
I wonder if that family behind them knows they are in a movie?
WHO IS TALKING
0,14Handshake OF THE FUTURE
The trick to traveling back in time for the bank interest scam is finding 100 year old cash to use.
prevent forest fires
inb4 the plane's smashed
00,03they won't prevent communism? :'(
Midnight_Fyre: I don't think so
MOAR LEMONS
The joke is that time travel ends badly
if I had a time machine, I would do the world a favour and prevent MLP G3 :)
/me catches Exploding mangoes and sells them to terrorists
can someone do an inactive weedout?
IshMangoPony: i can come to terms on the jim carrey hald of that sence
05,15Prevent G4
00,03^^
half
they know it will prevent itself.
^
XD
05i was suprised there were no ponies
OF THE FUTURE
/me cooks otakon a lemon pie
2,15Why don't you like lemons?
I'm sorry folks, I'm just waiting for a TARDIS to appear.
05in the future of 2041
vision of the future OF THE FUTURE
108Preventing lemons
/me ships some 8,1lemons and 7,1mangos to otakon.
Darkts3: we have robots and flying cars are still in the experimental stage. Just stop the EMP from going off, and it might all come true.
Bob Evil
00,10but that would prevent g4 RyunosukeKnT
05should the invasion had finished by then?
inb4 they accidentally kill the mosquito that man evolves from
0,14>auspicious
EEYUP
Eeyup
This is obviously the story of amelia Earhart
or something
Bob Evil.
Darkts3: we still have robots, just not bender
eeyup
/me hands otakon some grapes
0,14WHo the hell uses that word?
eeyup time?:D
Yupyupyupyup
Eeyup
Wrek: They just started animating G17
EEYUP
As much as I love MST3K, bad movies in a chat aren't as fun when the jokes are being made for you. Have a nice night bronies.
no, we would go from G2 to G4 :)
Eeyup yup yup yup
He looks evil my gut tells me so
Sure did :P
Red tie? seems trustworthy
/me 11,01enters
0,14BAD GUYS< THAT'S WHO
00,03NNNOPE
HELLO
bob evil. . . of the future!
Hug me >3
Without MLP G3 there would be NO interest in MLP G4-- without that bad example Faust wouldn't have been as driven to improve.
Wrek, there were no ponies because they only wen to the 90's.
Technically, we're ALREADY traveling through the 4th dimension...
Sorry Pinkie Pie beat you to the 4th dimension
ScootaChicken: how are you colors and not getting kicked?
I love watching movies with friends. Makes it more satisfying
hai Bronysith do you like lemons?
Wrek: G5 is best G... 3 years later G6 is best G
ello Bronysith
/me pelts otakon with explosive mangoes
00,10go to the future, aquire my real little ponies come back to present
Obsidian: YOU WILl DIE
A career Decision?
StinkomanFan: we didn't evolve from mosquiotes
otakon: haxors
05Everlasting_Joy: what?
0lol
Hai Bronysith. Welcome to the Great Bronystate Fruit War
Guys, you all are my friends! Brohug
No thanks :O
Stop!
05,15of the future?
...
hiya Chrysalis what's up man? I got Dragon's Dogma, it kicks ass.
life as we know it of the future
*Brohug*
Sumica Lauren faust will go bankrupt
:3
What is with ya doing all that hugging
/me gives RainBroDash 8,1lemons.
hey Bronysith i think i got kirstyfe to give us a specail game against the mods sunday
"No mam:"
aweosme, are there lemons in it?
fruit? who is talkiing about fruit?
/me hugs Woodenfan
Everypony hear me!
0,14Right hand...OF THE FUTURE
HOW ARE YOU DOING COLORS DAMMIT!?
the style Wrek used when making the mods r63 was G5
dunno, I love everyone here.
0,14:3
Hasbro makes the best troll toys i've seen
/me gives RainBroDash Mangoes
RX-78-SweetieBot: everyone apparently
Shamroc: woot i am going to murder shit
/me shakes Woodenfan around
Inexplicably evil guys
I'm greedy and stupid!
/me hugs Woodenfan
As of S3, G4 will be the generation with the most media right?
AAAAAAAGH
Wrek, these guys didn't go to 2041, they only went to 1996. (sarcasm).
00,10nah you dont mess with the time line with them just a few for your self
Kencolt: Faust was more inspired by G1, though. The G3 elements were added later in the series's creation.
This movie will destroy humanity!
05hehe, fillies
Why are YOU!?
00,10did they say fillies?
Just thought you'd know
symbolic presentation of bioware being bought by ea
/me sets Woodenfan down
Darkts3: Pinklestia much?
fillys?
08,03otakon: He uses the power of Lemons
eeeyup
RainBroDash: <3
Yup
G1 TASTE THE RAINBOW MUTHAFUCKA
Lolz
kbye
Ohai TheRainbowDash :3
108BY THE POWER OF LEMONS
no otakon, most of us are talking about lemons
He's gonna leave fillies?
05g1 brony
Hi TheRainbowDash
allo TheRainbowDash
05we are watchign our own history
inb4 lemons is new bronystate meme
Basically after Hasbro got together with her and started to change her original designs.
g1 had demon villians... =/
108III HAAVE THE POWWERRRR
Lemons give you unlimited powerrrrrrrrr
05our history is a douchebag corporate turd...
Evil is okay
Hold on, if this is Bronystate of the Future? Why isn't it made of chrome?
108(of lemons)
XD
Hello everypony, I guess...:D I was already here.
RainBroDash: no, it's I HAVE THE CITRUS!
the power of lemons compells you!
guys I'm messaging myself
the power of lemons compells you!!
It's IN chrome
00,03Don't steal anyone's lemons~
xD
lol
/me hugs TheRainbowDash
IshMangoPony: Grapes > Mangos. Just sayian'
TheRainbowDash left? :S
I think otakon would love a lemon party wink wink, nudge nudge
11,01Wrek: That's our present.
0,14"You are now VP"
05,15A limo. OF THE FUTURE
goddamit the hell is going on in here?
suits
Dem suits
IshMangoPony: no
SunderlandPony89 eenope
this chat needs more chrome
IshMangoPony: LAWL
Ninjazz|Tired: I didn't, at all. I am so confused.
Prom limo OF THE FUTURE
Woodenfan: You're a boss
lol
sinister music
PORN OF THE FUTURE
how did we start this conversation
11,01VP of the future!
dat font
FutureGabeMoist: not everything is made of chrome in any future.
TheRainbowDash: Some one is looking for you...
DUN
Cameron Diaze OF THE THE FUTURE
00,10Facebook of the past!
:| :D
kenne: no idea
08,03You Lemon stealing jerk..
what is this place, filled with so many lemons
11,01Piracy of the future!
it's weird, seeing everything appear twice. Reminds me of that Scooby Doo movie when they see their virtual selves, ya know?
its a lemon party
Ninjazz|Tired: 3 people?! I am not so sure of that!
05,15Dinner rolls of the future
xD
If the universe was so fragile that every random time traveller stepping on a bug somewhere messed everything up, we'd never have gottten past the first few minutes of existence. The multiverse eats Paradox for breakfast... :P
LOL Bachelor Fridge
when was this movie made?
Test
Finally someone notices his chine!
GET DAGGER
and then Lemons became a meme
ARTINS
0,14Empty Fridge...of THE FUTURE
so, is there a SOPA of the past?
otakon you know you want teh lemon party
OPEN MAILBOX
in the future, computers will have 8 Mb of RAM.
Come to Martins, WHAT UP?
no I don't
kenne: Someone brought up lemons and things snowballed
00,10buy some apples
Fruit Of The Future
buy some apples
Grocery store...OF THE FUTURE
TheRainbowDash: Nuh uh. One person started it then chain reactions.
SHopping...of the futurre
PICK UP MAYONAISE
buy some LEMONS
I KNOW WHAT HE COULD DO!
11,01Shopping cart of the future!
all these lemons are hurting my brain
we actualy know quite a bit about time travel
Leverage...of the FUTURE
otakon: no you and everyone else who doesnt get it is getting trolled
0,5Lemons of the future
wow that grocery store is so empty.. OF THE FUTURE
otakon search your feelings, you know it to be true
indeed
lemons are new bronystate meme?
00,10rablle rabble rabble
LOOK, A THREE HEADED MONKEY!
Woman ... of the Future
Topbun of the future
0,14Whining old people OF THE FUTURE
hairstyle, of the future!
LordCelestia: my computer is powered by lemons..
WHOAAAAA MOLESTOR
Bananas of the mmmmmmmmm Future!
Man, brands are the same IN THE FUTURE
"I've been snacking on these Commodore floppy disks. Want some?"
Lemons are the future
handsom...? thats debatable
lol
lemons vss mangoes meme
http://www.memecreator.org/static/images/memes/180428.jpg
Okie Dokie Lokie.. :S
Where was Gondor...IN THE FUTURE
WOAH
Buy ONE apple, then go 10 years in the past and plant the seed for in in your future backyard, go back to the future.............THE HELL!?
0,14XD
LOL
lol
lol double bag
Dat double bag
SLemonState?
Fresh Seafood... OF THE FUTURE!
lol
ONE CANNOT SIMPLY WALK INTO NORTH KOREA
lol
Anyone know when this movie came out? Anyone?
Ninjazz|Tired: Oh, I see, forget that now.:D
Bakery... of the Future
I can't stop laughing
the children are our furture...... Unless we stop them now
FutureGabeMoist: It was destroyed!
FutureGabeMoist: WHEN was Gondor?
Whoops
SSLemonStateRegulars OF THE FUTURE
the bag has been doubled!
Slemons
TheRainbowDash: *forgets* Wut?
I like how Boromir's quotes became memetic again out of nowhere.
LOL hid the mic in the broccoli
11,01You mean Best Korea?
niceeeee
108I Like SLemons
oh yeah, ROTTENTOMATOES CHECK
08,01hahaha
MAKE ME DINNER
MaidoftheFuture: =////////////////////////////////////
05bans of the future
make me dinner...in the kitchen
Ninjazz|Tired: Huh? I forgot what you said also.
00,10this jazz is so smooth
I liek slemons
DINNER
grill me a cheese
LET'S EAT A BICYCLE.
Ohai TheRainbowDash I got on my iPhone just to nom you. :P
0,14Light jazz OF THE FUTURE
SLemons are cool.
this jazz\
dis music
OH MaidoftheFuture is it maid hour?
JAZZ IS BEST JAZZ
THIS JAZZ IS SO SMOOTH!
O_____O
/me hands dari some 8,1slemons
hai!!! :D
Saxy: IT'S SO SMOOTH I CAN'T TAKE IT
Restaurant... Of The Future
THIS MAH JAM!
THIS JAZZ IS SO SMOOTH I CAN'T TAKE IT
11,01Not exactly.
Why do we try, these guys just do a better job
and break time
wardrobes OF THE FUTURE
Butt
05,15sLemons...of the future
..
Smooth adult contemporary sleeping pill jazz
Want some Slemons otakon?
I love MST3K <3.
WHAT?
I'M SLIDING OUT OF MY CHAIR IT'S SO SMOOTH!
Slemons are the best
00,10BAN of the future!
oh dear celestia its Slemons now?
/me hands the chat some 8,1slemons
hello
CAME OUT IN 1994? nice!
:O
TheRainbowDash: What were we talking about again? :S
TIME PARADOX
Sumica OF THE PRESENT
My birth year!
Seaponies...of the FUTURE
Dat small chance
Woodenfan: OH GOD LOL
Paradox
/me 8,1...
COOOL!
/me gives everyone a who lot of slemon
/me noms TheRainbowDash :3
who was banned and why?
Railings... OF THE FUTURE!!!
SHOO BE DOO
Time paradox OF THE FUTURE
10http://www.heraldry.ws/gif/slemon.gif
He wasn't even using an Amiga!
/me 8,1has the lemon powaaaaa
0,14>Journey fan
needs more future
GREAT SCOTT
Journey fan. XD
00,03Rain: Because Lemons
0,14>needs help
0,14LIES
This movie is so Minnesotan it hurts :).
05,15Stop it!
0,14LIEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
05,15NO COLORS
>Back To The Future reference
hey Journey is awesome
soooooooooo....did they go to the future?
Crow blend in right
okay HOW are you doing this?
hai
Robot OF THE FUTURE
00,10mullet of the past!
DON'T STOP
NO COLORS DAMMIT
Dude :P
Tom, that wasn't a time machine. It was an E-Z-Bake oven. :(
SLemons are like some vast, predatory.....van. with candy.
OR YOU WILL BE KICKED
:D
back to the future to the past? KEWL
nice glasses, mike
cheese poster of the past!
Hey CCCP! How are ya?
Dude
They went to the future, then returned pretty quickly. The future seems kind of lame.
108http://www.journalpioneer.com/media/photos/unis/2010/09/22/photo_1190954_resize.jpg
otakon x colors
lol
mmk
/me 5,1Sees a fluttercry
...TECH JOBS DON'T WORK THAT WAY
And not a single was given that day
03BlueFlare
im okay SunderlandPony89 :s
03http://chzautocowrecks.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/mobile-phone-texting-autocorrect-now-you-too-can-own-and-iphone-and-be-a-professional-photographer1.jpg
Temp Jobs
I got cheese, goes great with my ham
oh
Woodenfan: seems legit
TEMP JOBS DON'T WORK THAT WAY EITHER
00,10wall of ban.....of the future!
But it's so fun ;__;
Space 1999!
Cheese OF THE FUTURE
K_A says the robot :p
05simp... of the FUTURE
okay imma stop sorry Colluquy is kind of a bitch with colors
i had to reconnect to stop
lol RainBroDash
cheese
Neil, go back to dreaming about SLemons
DUDE
108http://www.tzxvault.org/Vic20/Inlays/Ludwig'sLemonLazersFront.jpg
Hair Net...of the Future
"Just kill him or something"
00,10just killem
Sounds like a storm trooper
dat God
god
kill his grampa
Slemons Are DELICIOUS in you mouth
Crow should just tell Mike to never temp for Gizmodo.
LordCelestia, time for his spanking? kinky
:(
Whoah
I hope he has a better aim
What?! :D
Fun fact: This is what most of Wisconsin is like
DUde...
Er, Gizmonic
00,03You'll be kicked! With the slemons~
you silly ho
4th wall breach!
What? are they on San Dimas time or something?
Even God has to pay his bills with advertising.
Cheese is like pot?
duuuuude
Dude
Dude.
08,01dude
Don't you touch my slemons, or I'll fuck you up.
Hes totally high
0,14San Dimas time is best time
Dude.
Robot from the future.... dude... Radical
00,10dat singing
soooooo what did mr. robot do during commercial?
I love this movie. :D
do you want to put slemons in your mouth?
0,14mfw i know those songs
dundundun
ikr
08,01Deadlypon3: duuuuuuude
lol 50s
Woodenfan Watched the commercial :P
/me fucks SunderlandPony89 up
LordCelestia: I haven't used colours for like 2 minutes
0,14EYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
XD
why 12:30 PM? What's so specific about that time
lo9l
0,5Exactly
/me sings crappy 80's music
EYYY
0,5of the future
00,10the past.......of the future
11,01Eeyyyyyyyyyyy
eeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyy
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEY
SLEMON FUTURE
0,14Visa Gold of the Future
08,01Deadlypon3: duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude
00,03See dari! This is what happens when you post a suggestive website >: (
I still challenge your lemons http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AnKysErG4hA
LordCelestia: Surely it would be the past, not the future.
Sumica: aka the Present
XDDDDDDD
PFFT
the future. . .of the fututre!
08,01okay, enough of that
*Thumps Jukebox*
Eyyyyyyy...of the FUTURE
Dem 50s
http://www.memecreator.org/static/images/memes/180435.jpg
...
where everyone has slemons all the time
RICKY
Oh, okay
the 50's ....of the future
0,14not youtube links, IshMangoPony
the furture!
at least it looks SOMEWHAT like the 50's
50s heavy petting. XD
xXxScoot_CommandoxXx: Pornhub is only suggestive? Dafuq is explicit meant to be for you?
:(
makeout session of the future
Nyria: i dont get it :s
0,14Future OF THE FUTURE
The Kiss OF THE FUTURE
TIME PARADOX
ScootaChicken: ssssssssssh they dont know
00,10paradox of the future
wubwubwub
NO FOOD COURTS
NOAH WAY
FAIL
No Foodcourts
heavy petting OF THE FUTURE!
My God, it's full of crap!
DUN DUN DUN
lol
paradox... of the future
00,03I was TRYING to be inconspicous >: (
Past OF THE FUTURE
10http://i.imgur.com/3cxOa.jpg
WE'RE BEING INVADED! D:
XD
IT'S A CITY
SAVE THE FOOD COURTS
what are we watching?
the hell?
00,10futures been changed I wonder what happend
This is why Sonic 06's plot was shit. TIME TRAVEL DOESN'T WORK THAT WAY
Hi Future Twilight!
02XD
2041: the year the ponies invaded.
11,01The 50s of the future!
XD
Hey CCCP!
Hello, anyone/pony here?
Ray Gun. -_-
00,03oh gog, dat lemon...
YES RainBroDash
Hey CCCP!
yes
xXxScoot_CommandoxXx: Those people weren't very inconspicuous with those lemons.
freakin' time trave :'(
hi Everlasting_Joy
hai CCCP
No ray guns in the future, just Jr College.
Ahh! *Spits out his B&J ice cream*
hi Ninjazz|Tired
I still can't get the concept
Is this the role playing chat?
lol
00,03I swear, if you steal that lemon...
I was told to arrive here.
hello Dken2021! :D
no this is the help channel
hello CCCP
walmart OF THE FUTURE!
HA
I want THAT lemon... In My MOUTH
that right there is a super lemon
hi CCCP
aka the SLEMON!
Woodenfan: Dont buck with time travel
those posters
Oh, I see.
hey Conyst!!! :D
You can only time travel back to the point in whitch time travel was invented
brb gotta make tea and GET THE HELL AWAY FROM THE LEMONS
feel the weight of the master
They made sure their desolation was kept in a consistent line of trash, too.
0,14City Destruction OF THE FUTURE
posters OF THE FURUTRE
and taste the almighty slemon
lolol
Anyhow, this role-playing, how does it work?
Garbage men went on strike. NOOOOO!!
D:
Chimney sweeps OF THE FUTURE
damn chimmy sweeps
otakon: MAKE SOME LEMONS WITH YO TEA
hai derpy_pony :)
dat Chimney sweep :O
Time travel's sooooooo delicate, thankfully we don't know how to mess with it yet
Curse You Walmart! :P
http://assets.diylol.com/hfs/628/aa2/865/resized/mango-meme-generator-suck-it-c12dcf.jpg?1308541696.jpg
Chimney Sweeps OF THE FUTURE!
It sounds such as somthing interesting.
AND THEN GHOULS
whoa
wtf that guy is dumb
/me hugs IshMangoPony
i don't really know it would be best to ask in a role-playing channel
THOUSANDS OF THEM
00,10crackheads of the future
Wow... That makes sence...
that clicking
XD
He reminds me of the junkie-robber at the door from the 5th Element.
Party Time
mind if I clean your chimmys, guvnar?
pfft
Are you an administrator?
Dem Sfx's...
reminds me of the family guy episode when they went to the pilot
/me nomz on TheRainbowDash
I see.
Armed Levi's ad.
CoD of the future!
XD
Ninjazz|Tired: uve seen my oc havnt u
why is this idiot the only one who has time travel technology?
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Nope.
00,10dat daited humor
lol
/me nuzzles TheRainbowDash
lol
Mexican standoff without mexicans
0,14oh the Drew Carey show
Is it maid time of the future? :P
lol
0,14such a good show
Distortion: seems legit
and yes i am an administrator :)
Schizophrenics of the future?
Indeed, SaxyOfTheFuture.
http://www.memecreator.org/static/images/memes/180437.jpg
XD
00,10nick.........why dont you ever change your shirt?
did chat just die?
XD
^
no one changes clothes...IN THE FUTURE
Ah, got shot!:D
Greasers vs Socis
The gsme
/me hugs Alicorn_Prince_Shane
Amusing to the robots.
nope, they are enjoying their lemons
so apparently laundry doesn't exist...IN THE FUTURE
This is what the war between Lemons and Mangos escalates to
/me nomz TheRainbowDash
Stop now!
/me pokes CCCP
00,10lawl
Eye Pacthes... OF THE FUTURE
XD
(is nommed on)o_o
if someone was taking a shower in the future then they would walk around naked Woodenfan
:3
XD
dat german marathon
i think i got my future self
I see, thank you.
ALRIGHTY THEN
Nickelodeon shows ponies?
german marathon? I DON'T SPEAK GERMAN.
you're welcome
0,5Neeeil Feeewd
lol
dat ass
Dat plot
turns out middle east.. has ponies on CN
Where do I find one of these rol playing chat rooms?
Got a good flank there girl.:D
*role?
Dat Future plot
...i think its worth the travel
Future plot
/me 8All your lemon are belong to use
LordCelestia: die
german marathon OF THE FUTURE
00,10meanwhile of the future
wait a minute....here's another plot hole. Why can't they buy clothes in the future?
/me 11,01dances and dusts
Dat Pirate of the FUTURE
I'm going to bed.
Why does this feel like GTA four to me?
Plot OF THE FUTURE.
/me burps pizza...... in the future
Fuck you guys.
Oh goodie, I might have reason to hook up my HD monitor to my basic CATV connection if ponies are on it.
y is there a guy chasing them with a gun
0,5ScootaChicken why dont you go suck a lemon
Darkts3, win
I'm out.
11,01The sector!
Eye Patch OF THE FUTURE
Uncle Seth!
I mean it looks outdated in the future, so it'd fit fine in the present!
BANANANANANANANANAS OF THE FUTURE
Darkts3: how censored?
0,14later ScootaChicken
its so violent http://www.cocktailwarehouse.com.au/wp/wp-content/gallery/flavours-1/mango-daiquiri.jpg
have you seen the doctor?
By elves....OF THE FUTURE
0,5Cya ScootaLemon
Night ScootaChicken. And fuck you too
thats the audience OF THE FUTURE
Side with the dwarves
g'night ScootaChicken
alright goodnight every, have sweet, moist, tasty lemon dreams
00,10suddnly
LordCelestia, daddy, why? ;'(
I thing OF the FUture is a meme
LordCelestia: Sucked your mother's lemon.
if you list the channels, either via /list or with a graphical version in your client, you should be able to find some channels which specify role-playing in the topic
Iron Weed?
boiz in da hood IN DA FUTURE
00,10outside
*:'(
that jump cut
GUn > water
Great edit cut
"No one wears a 'Chastleton' shirt."
Chinderwear?
"We can shoot ourselves now":
chinderware
it was worth it
00,03Later Nei- aww
Do you like mmmmmmmmmmmmm bananas....OF THE FUTURE?
0,5Oh snayup
Why we are talking about the lemons?
ScootaChicken: Not tonight XD
EXACTLY
0,5Yew got me
0,5m8
ScootaChicken Best to wait it out for a while.
LordCelestia: u wot m8
WHAT'S WITH THE LEMONS
yeah of the future is definately winning best bronystate meme at next years tom awards
ScootaChicken cause you touch yourself at night
0,5U WOT M8
DashWithRainbows: They might have forgotten it by then.
Y u like bananas?
how does he know this is the fake future?
11,01It's a college of the future.
th future???
Hey everypony I'm back!
What LC said
...Wow, it took them THAT long to figure that out?!
hi Big_Jake-intosh
U LEMONS M8?
Big_Jake-intosh everyone likes their lemons
ayway, Goodnight everyone ^_^
OI M8 DON GET LAIRY YEH?
hi Biglaw
Wb Biglaw
11,01Hi Biglaw! *dusts*
you know you like lemons
U GET ME FAM
hi Biglaw
/me has been dusted
ScootaChicken I was thinking about later today / tomorrow we say what it means.
/me hugs Biglaw of the future
...To set right, what once went wrong...
XD
Hey Biglaw!
hey Biglaw
Big bad uses time machine to create future war because... it seems we're lacking a motive here.
11,01Lol.
:3 all teh pings
lol
LOL
crunchy panys? Wah :D
lol irony
You strange OBsidian
hey guys I'm back what I miss?
Hahahahah. . .
0,14Micheal Moore OF THE FUTURE
lol
DashWithRainbows: I'm leaving the house in 4 hours time.
lemons
http://assets.diylol.com/hfs/628/aa2/865/resized/mango-meme-generator-suck-it-c12dcf.jpg?1308541696.jpg
11,01XD
Michael More OF THE FUTURE
lol
he's too thin
ohgodno
MrPoniator: hai!\
/me 11,01dusts Rain
guys anyone see the episode of happy tree friends where that guy has to go to the past to stop killing everyone and then he dies?
SunderlandPony89: Moore
so that guy invented the plot for terminator ?
Hoi
hi MrPoniator
Sorry :P
I still cant get past this guy's mullet.
otakon x Lemon Party
BLOW UP THE GODDAMN PLANE
oh god the office in the library
11,01Hi MrPoniator
"Take him to the future" Good idea.
Nick MAH BOI
happy tree friends: the home of misleading cartoons
Woodenfan: omg yes :)
i love how the mods change their names according to memes that sprout up from the movies we are watching
Hello MrPoniator
inb4 IshMangoPony kick
Serious Problem, hairdo
Howdy MrPoniator.
DashWithRainbows: When you reveal it, if I'm not there at the time could you copy paste the chat log for me?
lol
Hello MrPoniator Of The Future
hai Poninator
how do i change my nickname?
Woodenfan *shudder*
*shrug*
lol
my core incompetencies are well documented
ScootaChicken I doubt I'll be posting what it means.
Chrysalis Wreks not here
/nick (new nick)
./nick
eeyeah, that episode was so...eeyuck
ScootaChicken: how have you been man?
It would be funnier if dari or RainBroDash done it IMO.
C0212: ye
DashWithRainbows: Fair do's. Dari probably will.
this is why I don't watch happy tree friends
08,01>doing dist-upgrade
08,01>everythign breaks
08,01goddamnit, ubuntu
08,01>.>
The future is looking moist
Nick
Ho-ho, I was on my WiFi, but my Ethernet drivers are working.
NIIICK
Chrysalis, you missed it. The A movie was full of wub
i can'te tell the difference betwen the present and the future.... :s
Oh hi MrPoniator
Holy shit dat fukken net split
NET SPLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
Madalines Rescue at 3PM :P
StinkomanFan: wub?
like my new nick?
I love bandwagons.
11,01Messy split!
0,5HOLY FRICKIN MOTHER OF FRICKIN FUCK
Dat coy
otakon x lemons
ANIMATIONS OF THE FUTURE
ScootaChicken: how you been man?
love otakon :|
PANIC, LOOT ALL THE SHOPS
Ship whilst the mods are ded.
00,10Net split of the future
I am NOT
11,01Evil plots of the future!
The ships that pass in the night.
mods arnt dead
no but you just gave him the idea to use it as a weapon
wub=love
SAVE THE LEMONS!
No It ISN"T
Tangent
A tangent
G'night guys. :)
He's being hosted in a library? Is Twilight behind this? :P
the future still looks like the present!
We must fight the future
wasteland OF THE FUTURE
Is not :'(
108dat lemon split
As opposed to causing a cosine
lol logic
I'm on LMDE right now, though. I'm probably gonna go back to GNOME 2 though. :P
00,10it's futer spikes problem
otakon has the face that launched a thousand ships.
Night GilDash
Can we all agree that William Anderson has the best profile picture on IMDb? http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0027584/
"Oops, turns out it isn't evil boss man, it's the main character."
1,3naaaaame-drop
Fucking lemon split.
otakon: I've been drunk
00,10future*
i think my new nick makes me a hipster
so... its 2011 atm?
suck on the lemon split
GNOME 3 seems to be trying to be Android to me.
Bye GilDash! (waves and hugs)
yeeeeeees but i'll be dead, so who cares?
SOUPSSSSSSSSS ON EVERYPONY
ScootaChicken: you're 14 dammit, stop that
am i a hipster now?
Anyways, as I was saying ScootaChicken.
11,01Millions!
11,01Of something.
HEY GUYS
This... this is so bad
millions
oh god
lame
I BROUGHT THE LIMES
OH SNAP
big difference from yesterday >.>
otakon: That's what she said
....Why don't you just fix it?!
Midnight_Fyre: HORY SHEET that's amazing!
I'll try to save the chat log when dari / RainBroDash reveal.
Why did it drop?
11,01Welcome back!
not many people on here tonight
welcome back
say billions and maybe we will talk
0,5TOT HE FUTURE
DID YOU FEEL THAT?!
ok
dat +ooo
Dat Castleton
Castelton
HOLY SHIT
/me burns ALL the fruit in chat
i guess im fine with that
Twilight will not hesitate to revoke your library card :D
splitters
lol
snob OF THE FUTURE
108SHOW YOUR RESPECT TO THE LEMONS
speaking of millions: I HATE MILLIONS. SO FUCKING TRIPPY YOU HAVE NO IDEA.
...Well, Yeah!
DashWithRainbows: It'll be funny as hell if dari actually links the video. And gets away with it.
Interesting glitch there.
What were you thinking XD
OH GOD
the power......of the transport
DARI WILL STREAM IT
http://www.memecreator.org/static/images/memes/180450.jpg
NOPE. drugs
just as long as i don't have to listen to shitty music and wear those glasses
/me 11,01dusts RainBroDash
dat kick
Future net splits.
/me protects mangoes from otakon's burning
This ist just bad
Eeeyup
RainBroDash: I show no respect to any of the lemon species.
is the film nearly over?
MaidoftheFuture: is maid time back?
108But Wrek, the good Lemon giveth and the good lemon taketh away!
that fruits forbiden!
W-Well, yeah. Just fix it
oh god
Well, you know I'm rich and powerful facing a weak moronic scientist
if you strream it...
/me gives IshMangoPony's mangos to otakon. END THE FRUIT WARS!
there will be lemons
Here, correct?
NEVER!
lolWrek
11,01Not yet.
http://ponysquare.com/pages/category/7/roleplay/page_2/
should i read it?
when life gives you lemons
MaidoftheFuture: 10-4
paragraph OF THE FUTURE
!pokemon
Kosoveon, you are a 12Camerupt.
If dari streams the lemon video
/me takes mangoes back from otakon
Is prince dari in charge of equestria daily posts? that's all I see him doing...
TOTUL CONTRUUUL
Total CONTROl
/me uses plasma to burn ALL of the fruits and whatever protectors they have.
Oh god...
BronyState will never be the same.
Harvey Corman!
MIND CONTROL
Assuming control
11,01Contracts of the future!
That would be funny as fuck.
BURN AND VAPORIZE
03http://chzvideogames.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/video-game-memes-the-next-innovation-in-handheld-gaming.jpg
and i thought US is the land of free
03LOL
Pulled a Zuckerburg
http://www.memecreator.org/static/images/memes/180450.jpg
/me is unburnable and saves teh mangoes
Harvey Korman of the future
IN THE FUTURE BACON DOESN'T EXIST BACON EVERYONE BACONNNNNNNNN
toilet paper project/
DashWithRainbows: It would be lemony as fuck.
TTTproject?
what is the lemon video?
11,02Hai ^-^
Ohai SuperBrony64 :3
spies
TimeTransporter...
tried as traitors and communists
SPY
Dat SB
Hi SuperBrony64
Uhm..
11,02How is movie night going so far? :)
the TTP project stands for The Ttp Project?
I just noticed....were watching a movie within a movie....
ohai SuperBrony64
what's the third T?
no wait... that's ponysquare (also this channel is PG) in general we should discuss this in a query
Howdy SuperBrony64.
WB SB64
what Nyria and how are you man?
00,10Woodenfan, it's a bot
Good
Hey wheres...oh there you are SuperBrony64
Welcome to the future
Hey SuperBrony64!
ohai SB64
SuperBrony64: hai
/me grows more lemons and gives everyone lemons
/me sets everypony on fire
Oh, hello SuperBrony64! (waves and hugs) Want some toast?:D I am the Toast Department Lead, mandatory to ask to you at all times that of when you come into here.
11,01Hai SuperBrony64!
SuperBrony64: It's very memetic.
00,03Ask Dari for the video XD
ohhhh thanks sumica
05,15Woodenfan he has a script that checks for EqD posts every so often
Hello SuperBrony
otakon: I'm fine ^^
Movie Night... of the Future! is going great!
Stupid CIRCUS Mirror XD
xXxScoot_CommandoxXx: Get him to stream it/
hi Conyst
11,02Superb ^_^
THE FAQ'S DON'T COVER THIS
Oh wait, this is a freindly fire server
Do I really want to see it?
hey where is- Oh there you are SuperBrony64
/me smacks ScootaChicken
the more I know
Moustaches, everywhere
Hello CCCP
pornstache OF THE FUTURE
Nyria: good to hear, I've been off playing Dragon's Dogma
00,03HAVE YOU NO SHAME? >: (
/me is smacked by an adulterer
nice elevator music
feels bad man.
NOW
oh no wait...nah, it's not
otakon: Ah I see
office, ,mesonenne, whats the difference :P
dat car alarm.
it still looks like shit
11,01Lol.
Nope, still the "present".
Man, once again I fell alseep too long.
I thought FAQ mean't Frequently Asked Questions?
XD
Yeah, I culd have a social life
/me gives SuperBrony64 mangoes before he is lemoned
it is.
it's for first timers
11,01FAQ means *Explodes*
...Did she?
Avengers of the
Not quite as intense as the escape scene from Silence of the Lambs
>be someone in this chat
Average People?:D
The average people OF THE FUTURE
/me cleans up MaidoftheFuture
>not know what the lemon thing is about
108http://www.barstuffuk.co.uk/ekmps/shops/barstuffuk/images/franco-s-lemon-sour-mix-floridas-pride-1-gallon-787-p.jpg
LEFT OF THE FUTURE
The Averegers
>feels bad brony
MoistFuture: nice name
this needs some benny hill music^^
Garbage Day!
Clever clever.
/me 11,01is clean and moist
XD
somepony_of_the_futu: yes!
BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP
lol Creamy head
Even though I see them running the other way!
(dundundun!) Says the movie commentators
lol
Is it me or is Fleur floating?
dats a whole lot of lemon mix
*can't breathe due to laughing too hard*
11,02O.O
This lip synch is bad.
lemon is tasty
/me noms on mangos
jk nice name
Fleur OF THE FUTURE
/me gives SuperBrony64 a lemon
He sounds liek Bullwinkle
2,15RainBroDash: Pour it in my mouth
fleur is floating, it's Sumica's character placement.
11,01Thunderstorms of the future!
SuperBrony64: For context about the lemon thing check the skype group :3
108>With A Creamy Head
00,03:O
SuperBrony64 nuuuuuuuuuu, you must be on mai side of teh fruit war
New York New YORK
So why does the bad guy sound like bullwinkle?
north: drives into tree
fleur is good looking, looks like young celestia somewhat
Oh, a smartass cab driver eh?
Wat, did that lightning strike actually put into the movie?
Brooklyn accent taxi driver.
Said with the acting ability of a cardborad box.
Forced meme OF THE FUTURE
North TO THE FUTURE
11,02RainBroDash: What happened to your color? O.O
0,14NEW YAWK OF THE FUTURE
DUDE WATCH THE ROAD
XD
oh nvm
oh i dunno, go back in time
Taxi drivers OF THE FUTURE
OK, so what is the lemon thing?
DOO YOWK
pineapples
Future OF THE FORCED MEME
05,15We have to go Back...TO THE FUTURE
00,03He turned to the Lemon side~
Dat logic
05,15OF THE FUTURE
well they have common sense now
He must kill himself
I'm back everyone
HOORAY,
we have to create a time paradox
Big_Jake-intosh don't make this a threesome
That way I can live a life mediocrity
fluttercry: WE'VE GOTTA HIT 88 MILES AN HOUR
Dat Mike of the Past
http://www.memecreator.org/static/images/memes/180463.jpg
/me dances the dance of the future
They're hipsters of themselves.
Mike of the Past OF THE FUTURE
RainBroDash: Let's lemon.
nice one Nyria
Donuts
05,15Flux Capacitor is....fluxing
Mike of the Past of the Present of the Future
I need to stop my past self - If I tried that, they'd lock me uo in a straight jacket :P
/me 11,01lays down "Future"
dari is best lemon king
where'd the "meme" come from again?
Hi Conyst
SEX FACTORY
Dat band name
Well, Mike IS a Musician :p
so much yellow
What kind of name is that!?"
Hi Woodfan
"Sex Factory" That's a great name for a band.
SEX FACTORY
STINKY MOVIES
short term memory loss hits again
SuperBrony64 you must choose a side: Succulent juicy mangoes or sour-ass lemons
:D
I pledge my loyalty to pineapple
WOOOOOOOO!\
Sex factory is best band
Heard worse music
Should've done a MSTK where they riff a MSTK episode of them riffing a film and... go DEEPER.
Whoa man friggin tripping
SEX FACTORY OF THE PAST
they sound stoned outta their minds
Sex Factory, the most honest name of any band.
Flux is more relevant to voltage induction than capacitance. I thnk the technobabble was invented in Back to the Future?
Hellooooooo
08,01dude.
Dude
gee wizz
11,01Future http://sb129.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/future-shock.jpg
d00d
eddie
Im guessing lemons are a new meme?
Nopony cares about the robots
lol
You creatd a time paradox
Hiiyo CupcakeWarrior
I will shower the country of Pooland with glorious lemons.
00,03I for one welcome our new Lemon-y overlords
"mike" has a black beard? NOOOOO
I wub the robots
prince-lemon OF THE FUTURE
where you been midget?
CupcakeWarrior lemons are tasty
you should try one
OH GOD NO MORE LEMONS
MaidoftheFuture: Squidward was just hallucinating.
MaidoftheFuture: Man Spongebob was epic back in the day.
8I will shower the country of Pooland with glorious lemons. Now with added lemon, much better.
^
Ive watched Hetalia (Anime)
So what movies won the lottery?
I CAN SEE THE FUTURE
I don't watch Spongebob anymore. It's shit in a can now.
00,02morning
and then ALL the colors went odd
BULMA AND VEGETA HAVE A KID
hey Phase4
not odd
Baught it :P
lemon
ohai Phase4
Everlasting_Future: D...d..du...an everlasting future?! Impossible!:O
Phase4: its afternoon now
CupcakeWarrior: Karate Kid 2010 and Strike Commando
choose Mangoes, rebel against the lemon dictator overlords
Hey Phase4!
Hi Phase
Hetalia is clearly What Happens if the countries of the worlds were persons
Oh hello Phase4! (waves and hugs) How are you today?
O hai Phase4
Axis Powers Hetalia? Soooooo many boys makes me go mad. I'm not watchin
/me 11,01dusts Phase4
Excellent death!
otakon: Not the karate kid remake D:
Really, why are we talking about lemons? I was away when this started
oh god is this like Celestia vs. Luna deal now?
pony_7652: People ship them?
prince-lemon, you make me blind
Hi Phase4
hi Phase4.
TheRainbowDash: I can make it possible :).
hello Phase4
ouch
CupcakeWarrior: eeyup it is
/me forever alone with his pineapples
This is glorious
00,02MST3K
00,02!
shipping OF THE FUTURE
Both luna and celestia support our lemon overlords
00,02:O
Everlasting_Future: Not in my pony eyes of definite scientific logic.
00,02:)
yep.
00,02:) :)
TO THE END OF THE SHITTY MOVIE
Hetailia author can't draw women.
hiya Phase4 good to see you have colors!
but I want lime!
Yes they ship them
Chrysalis they are teh overlords
and they taste the lemon
NUKEM
oh god paradox mike is with them?
Strike Commando...didnt spoony review that?
0,14>all out of gum
IshMangoPony: The army of Grapes come to aid with your rebellion
The budgert for this movie was a box of pencils and an onion
MasterCard and Visa OF THE FUTURE
TheRainbowDash: Who needs science when we have da magics?
05,15oh hai Phase4
11,01Phase4 of the future!
0,14tsk tsk
WWMGD
05a mcgyver and duek nukem refference at the same time?
05,15Long time no see
I came to kick ass and chew bubble gum, but I'm all outta gum.
in the future, there will be 5,000 movies.. but nothing to watch!
05the movie is now A
Distortion: goddammit, just have them draw a guy, they all look like girls anyway. jsut give em boobs
Everlasting_Future: Oh, right, forgot about the magic, you win.:D
Well, All Of the anime are boys :O
Agree's with Wrek :)
xD
Eddy's suprisingly quite
08,01meh, i want to fly again :(
CupcakeWarrior: no idea, but I'll look into it
Dat black-market maple syrup...
I dont get Hetalia. maybe im just stupid. but. theres like five minuters of actual story then that chibitalia..
Northwest could.
*quiet
SunderlandPony89 the duckwalked up to the lemonade stand
the pineapple republic of one joins the side of mango
Dat black market maplesyrup
08,01but i has no money
how can she fly a plane?
XP
Boobs stapled to their chests. Ugh
oh GOD
00,02ohai otakon
Bye everyone! It's video gaming time!
SHOO BE DOO
S.O.S
The Fruit Wars, begun they have....
Looks like there's some one I need to take out now
(money)
Director's cousin, can I help you?
Ahhh! My foot fell asleep!!!
you think?
SHOO BE DOO
xD
Its history in a cartoon
lol
Wow, "I can'
or anime
SHO BE FRIGGEN DOO XD
"But which way is my front?"
IshMangoPony: Uhh... what?
"I can't really fly an airplane" - Lady
I've heard of Axis Powers Hetalia, but it doesn't look like a manga/anime I'd get into.
00,02wait
11,01XD
00,02is she suposed to be flying?
lol
08,01TheRainbowDash: psht, we all know what *they* do with planes.
I like where this is going.
SunderlandPony89 the duck walked up to the lemonade stand and he said to the man runnin the stand, he said "Hey, got any grapes"
00,02oh, i see
lady, my instrumentation says you're parked on the ground... :/
And the best way to save the world is PLAY STUPID.
I hate these old (b-)movie soundtracks
soooooo what will she do when she drops the shorts? takes a shit on the runway?
"Your engine is real quiet, ma'am!"
Install railings in them?
asnd the lemonade stand man went NO!
catch the plane
I dont get it
Nice Evil Guys :P
0,14Dropped shorts OF THE FUTURE
that dropping trow :D
/me 00,02hugs SuperBrony64
and then gave the duck a lemon
11,02Lemons > Mangos
dat chin
I Clearly see Russia As Rainbow dash :P
It takes a chin :D
/necksnap
hey SuperBrony64
/me hugs Phase4 back ^-^
SunderlandPony89 look up teh Duck Song
wat?
Railing Deaths OF THE FUTURE
So, is it the same GUY?
END THE MOVIE IT MAKES ZERO SENSE
The hell was that?
Dat janitor
Ow.
SuperBrony64 nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu, you traitor
/me presents the Golden Concort
punch OF THE FUTURE
Badass janitor?
He is trying to hit that chin back in
The army of the Lemons is gonna get GRAPED
SuperBrony64: i think my friend invite works now =D
Garbage OF THE FUTURE
That chin should be able to take two beatings.
THIS WILL BRING PEACE TO THE FRUIT WARS!
...What a FUCKING IDIOT!
11,02DEATH TO THE MANGO LOVERS
"This is not the hanger." Real hot-blooded fighting words there.
she hasn't gone up yet? CHANGE PLANES
Lol... No fuel Gauges OF THE FUTURE?
In me Russia is rainbow dash and Italy is Pinkie pie
11,01I have 9000 fuel.
11,02Darkts3: YAY
"THis is not my Hanger"
05,15NEW MANGO REPUBLIC
Due to they personalities
over 9000
DOOOHOOOHOOO
oh hello SuperBrony64
ohai SB64! Still lieking ponies?
http://www.memecreator.org/static/images/memes/180480.jpg
Trollololol
MaidoftheFuture: 5 million fuel.
mangoe, grapes, and pineapple attack teh lemon lover SuperBrony64
Hahaha:D
11,02Hai Shamroc :3
lols
LOL HE FARTED
Lol
/me is exeuted by the lemon party
Dat Weapon
Fart OF THE FUTURE
not plank!
11,01FutureFlam: I don't negotiate with terrorists.
Oh god I'm dying....
Moustache!
JONNY OF THE FUTURE
Face my lame board of fghting
spanked dat ass
It is Moustachio!
11,02DON
What happened to Mike Dawson?
Not as bad as the Rakes in Hobgoblins :P
Ninjazz|Tired: Ow! You hir me with your faovrite 2 by 4!
Orange Master Race!\
THAT BOARD PLANNED THE WHOLE THING
/me avenges fluttercry
/me deploys pineapple nuke
It. Is. On.
(hit)
so where are the Eds of the future?
OK-- now that he picks up a weapon, he can't hit anything. STICK WITH DA FISTS STOOPID!
RainBroDash, XD
05,15AVENGE ME
/me raises Orange Flag
11,02DON'T LET ME SEE U ON MAH EARF AGAIN
whats with the lousy music?
AND DROP YUOR SHORTS
05,15I AM YOUR MARTYR
TheRainbowDash: Want another go? >:3
fluttercry we will avenge you
I hit u gewd.
00,02i'ma get myself kicked
Ninjazz|Tired: Sure bitch. I'm ready.:)
lemons, mangoes ? http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3o1njVhWj1rp5231.jpg
/me stuffs fluttercry mouth with a lemon
your death will not be in vain
they're getting away in a Cessna. We'll never catch them now!
/me swings at TheRainbowDash
(is hit again) Ow!
I love how the random goon totally owns the hero ^^
/me pineapple nuke just makes everything sticky
Shorts OF THE FUTURE
:P
/me avenges fluttercry. Again.
RX-78-SweetieBot, kenne, Chrysalis I found out the penalty for failing Operation Silencer
Oranges >>> lemons
Show where fighting security guard is climax of the show
Had enough? >:3
Ninjazz|Tired: I lost again...:D
*is a team player* :D
darn it Phase4. Your kick made me lose my lemons.
/me charges angrily at Chrysalis "YOU LEMONY BaSTARD!!!"
/me pats TheRainbowDash
otakon: whats operation silencer?
XD
MFW I think that's an actual line of dialogue in the movie.
11,02Moooooo
Lemony Snicket <3
00,02wait
That would be the best ending
MoistFuture: Join our Fruit Alliance! Together, we can destroy the Lemon Dictatorship!
To IMPLODE.
00,02he has a time machine/
ughhh
00,02?
dat 1991
Can't prepare a crew, that might make us win.
SunderlandPony89, you have my orange
In B4 they crash into a Delorean
11,01This is time chasers.
yeah airplane time machine
:D
otakon NOOO! we much silence them
with lemons
The demo has a fart button
lol
inb4 crashes into tardis
we shall place lemons in their mouths
blatant ripoff of back to the future, only worse
The United Fruit Republic
TRANSPORTER OF LOVE
I'll create so many tangents up in here
/me calls upon the deep sea pineapples
and they will be at peace
XD
kenne: the last weekend operation, had to kill a total of 3 million Banshee's and we failed
KISS
Oh no.
...
I like Victorian era women
05,15http://itssoverycheri.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/mangos.jpg
/me Grabs Chrysalis and stuffs a mango down throat
Wait-- if he goes to the day before, does that mean he'll have food in the fridge?
08,01inb4 she's tearing him apart, lisa
Who's Driving?
Bai Guys gtg for now :D :P
0,5haha
=O
wow, with no development
Kiss OF THE FUTURE
bye Shane
XD
Take care Alicorn_Prince_Shane.
/me was attacked by RainBroDash
bai DeathStar
1991 was an interesting year. A crash due to a fault in MaBell's systems originating from a malformed switch-case loop in C resulted in a crash that spawned a crackdown on phreaks and hacker groups.
Practiced with my pillow every day
LordCelestia! Daddy! Make them stop!
later, Alicorn_Prince_Shane
MOAR PLAID
MORE PLAD
Wrong time for the Mile High CLb, guys.
inb4 she throws in out of the plane
artichokes into a cart? is that like slipping roughies into a drink :P
Trippy.
lew de doo
Revolution!!!
Doctor Who Theme song plz
Ugliest sex ever
Is this movie over yet?
damn
Wow... that pistol got air
I like PIE :P
DEAD
the hell?
lol
Lol AIMBOT
XD
ded
YEAH SHE DEAD
well she's dead
+50
:D
08,01dat chicken head
Time Travel otakon
you are tear me apart lisa
The Lemon Dictatorship must be crushed!
u r dead. u r dead.
http://www.memecreator.org/static/images/memes/180483.jpg
Your tearing me apart lisa!
YOU ARE TEARING ME APART LISA
Aw she dead.
shooting a plane from another plane must be really hard
XD
Bullets don't work that way!!
she died?!
lol
CHEEP CHEEP CHEEP CHEEP
08,01hahaha
Lisa tears everyone apart
NOT THE ALT
/me raises Mango in the air "They may take our non-lemon fruit, but they will never take our freedom!!!!"
Coke OF THE FREEZER
That pistol has some range. And who the hell was shooting at them anyway?!
XD
/me bites the head off a lemon
oh god Nyria you know not what you have done
/me 8praises Nyria
/me burns ALL of the fruti
FLEE THE PLANE
Top Men.
Chrysalis I'm sure he does.
11,01Need more MPH KNOTS
lol i think he's holding his banana
Dat synth
http://home.earthlink.net/~remanski/oranges.jpg
wtf is going on in this chat
mfw chicken head is a term for... *coughs* anyway, how bout dis movie?
/me protects mangoes from otakon fire
11,02RAINBRODASH
rising up to the challenge of our rivals
What of the air pressure and distance?
actually he knows far TOO well
wat
/me saves the Holy Fruit from otakon
Synth OF THE FUTURE
JUMP
0,14Synth OF THE FUTURE
PSPBoy
11,02SET YOUR COLOR CODE TO HAVE A BLACK BACKGROUND
:3
stop holding her aand leave her you idiot
11,02kthnxbai :3
Lol
that would suck to play
YEAH RIGHT
Good job there.:D
so much ded
inb4 SB64 is kicked
Five foot fall of the future
well, that was lame
HAPPY ENDIN
Seems Legit.
Dat ninja
11,02:<
Boat
lol
dooo hooo
10oh for f-. That's embarassing.
At least she had a cremeation
You are tearing me apart LISA
/me 11,01shines ShiningArmor
oh god.. RAEP FACE
deus ex machina boat?
http://assets.diylol.com/hfs/628/aa2/865/resized/mango-meme-generator-suck-it-c12dcf.jpg?1308541696.jpg
Hai SB
Actually a plane that runs out of fuel is just going to glide to a halt
Meanwhile in Minnesota.
How many movies were filmed over this type of commentary, or such?
10was it coming out a sexy teal-yellow combo?
Get out!
Hi people
/me hugs SuperBrony64
LOL
TheRainbowDash at least a hundred
uhh Grand Theft Boats?
wait, he had a gun?
03http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/pokmon-sometimes-it-seems-like-it-should-be-a-little-more-straightforward.jpg
11,02It was coming out as yellow on my white background :I
03LMAO
Some gratitude.
Grand Theft Boat indeed.
Yeah good one Eddie~
10oh
TheRainbowDash: quite a bit.
10DEALWITHIT
Crippler I KNOW! where did he get it?!
GTB
/me chases FlareChaser
/me hugs CupcakeWarrior back
Douchebag of the future
108DEALWITHIT
/me 0,1 well i was told
11,02;~;
everyone panic he has a handgun!!
nah he's in the past so the boats not worth enough to be grand theft
198 MST3K episodes
StinkomanFan: Movie phyics, remember
dat range
Deadlypon3: Wow, 100? That sounds of a fair amount, that commentary is funny as hay.:D
Abandone your Boat! NOW! *jumps out*
where'd the gun come from?
John Oats OF THE FUTURE
Everyone has guns
good luck shooting!
MY POCKET
JK
/me puts RainBroDash into a juicer
moustashe of the future!
boat moving too fast. Plane NOT moving too fast.
Woodenfan: They brought it.
... Can you even aim that well?...
RX-78-SweetieBot, kenne, Chrysalis we gotta promote characters this weekend
Save me tree!!!
XD
CRASH INTO SHORE
he'll use his moustache as a boomerang
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4lu3dKaee1r6atowo1_500.jpg
otakon: y?
05,15Zebra Muscles are dicks
awwww poor Tom
indeed
>can't see him
them puns :)
To jam them up my- Exactly.
>that high up
IN THE FUTURE
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm can't this movie end?
Fluttercry Best dick is zebra muscles :P
kenne he loves the lemon
how rude...
it did end, but we went back to the boring middle :D
Miami Beach OF THE PAST
kenne: yeah, when we get into a match we EACH have to promote 3 characters. Doable enough, I got a couple I can promote
He wish he was a tree right now
11,01Lol.
ugh. geez
butt muddy
Does this guy die?
:D
duuuude
IN B4 PREDATOR
00,02ew
EWWWW
:D
Please tell me he does
secret butt mud
05,15dat moment when you misspell mussels and turn the whole sentence dirty
Muddy butt fun?
Phase4: eww
http://www.memecreator.org/static/images/memes/180489.jpg
StinkomanFan: more then likely
/me 11,01Phase4s
Ahh my head
108HAHAHAHA
What rainbow dash face
Fluttercry Silleh :P
OMFG
Scary mud fun
So what happens if you make out with yourself in the past?
YES Nyria.
FutureFlam: :D *cant breathe*
Brilliant.
8LEMON KING APPROVES THIS IMAGE
This is going to go all quantum on us. I just know it.
hen3ry Best makeout EVER
lol
So... he goes from the past to the present to stop himself from going to past to save his girlfriend to stop himself from going to the present and giving the guy the plane to save the future
hen3ry: oh my, selfcest
LordCelestia didn't
dead
Grapes are for KINGS!
BIKE
I'm drinking that fuel.:D
MARTY MCFLY
DERPDERPDERPDERP: Yep, or something like that.
WHITE GUY STOLE MY BIKE
For EMPERORS!
DERPDERPDERPDERP: That's about the size of it.
How do you make a Rainbow Dash face?
Wait...
He built a timemachine-airplane?
Distortion: :+D
11,01XD
Like in Back To The Future?
Distortion: it's : D but no space
:+D
lol
kenne, RX-78-SweetieBot, Chrysalis to get the squad goal you gotta promote 3 characters.
Whoever wrote this script went all out.
FUTURE TO THE BACK
This is great. XD
Distortion: Remove the +
Plane crashed, and you were in it. Write the story, Lisa.
/me Distortion under the happy face, to the left of the text box
11,01Box of the future.
DERPDERPDERPDERP: I would imagine so.
otakon: i already can get that from the get go
:D
I lost track of the plot ages ago.
08,01inb4 she's actuall Starbuck
AND IT BETTER BE JUICY
And the plaid returns.
Dead grandma OF THE FUTURE
so many people who use the embedded chat @__@
kenne: good, it started an hour ago
oh hai everybody
sooo whats going on?
it's been nearly an hour and a half
I got...no time on my watch, oh, it is broken, fuck...:D
Shamroc lemons
Rain: I prefer it for some odd reason.
everywhere
How is she gonna react to her own dead body?
you see trixie, I see two dots and a line :|
I normally use irssi.
You'd think he'd change his shirt.
XD
he's running too fast! We can't get him!
08,01Rain using mIRC like a baws
I keep forgetting brony movie night since the summer began
What?!
Just look for a guy in a Castleton Shirt :P
:D
lol
...
Dat random stream pause
:$
08,01Rain (\
gay running is gay
/me vasalines nipples
05,15Notsofunfact: You're nipples bleed when you run marathons
loool
sorry
you stole my Yugo! That's worth almost 50 dollar... ouch
Fail
lolololol
WOW
...
pet the llama
Pet a llama!
My Car!
HOW DA HECK DID HE FAIL THAT MUCH
Worst Car Thief EVER.
11,01Llamas!
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
whoa
MY CABBAGES
All the cool and beautiful people use irssi.
yugo reall is death trap
lol
what
/me f2k namco - Katamari on the Wings (2chFLAC@1007kbps, 31.86mb/4:25)
0,14MY CAR
11,01Llamas are awesome.
fluttercry, I know that feel
wonder llamas!
11,01XD
Best comeback ever
"OH MAAAAAH GOOOOOD!"
Except on here where they use the Flash client.
Zoidberg?
otakon: is it free?
i fly planes. can't drive.
fun fact: They really stole that car for the movie because they couldn't afford to rent one
yeah right
...he can fly, but he can't DRIVE?
fluttercry: And that is why I have ran no marathons so far in my lifetime.
lol what?!
lol
probably
he steals a bike now...nice
....XD
kenne: checking that now
lol'
0,14XD
>Steal a car
Midnight_Fyre: Seems legit
TOUR DE VIRGINIA
My Car Now I can get a new one
lolol
08,01hen3ry: i can fly planes better than i can drive
My first car was destroyed by nuclear weapons and now THIS!?
08,01i hate driving
>trade it for bike
Deadlypon3: Be fair. A car is down to earth. He AIN'T.
mullet stole mah bike
0,14Bike CHASE OF THE FUTURE
05,15Hey, this place is far more rural than Virginia
PARADOX INCOMING
08,01hen3ry: wait, are you from edinburgh?
Paradox!
BRB
nope. Vegas
otakon: im not sure but if it isnt and i actually do pick it up ill DDL with ya
did anyone stream the blues brothers recently?
Wow...
SaxyOfTheFuture its a bike chase OF THE PAST!
08,01hen3ry: well, i do like the Tom Lehrer referece <3
It's a dead woman, JESUS
:D
kenne, RX-78-SweetieBot, Chrysalis the new DLC pack is free for everyon that has a online pass from the get go
kenne: it's free
fluttercry: well it is vermont
such a badass film
Woodenfan: I've been voting that every week, it hasn't played yet though...
oh
0,14well, the future can be relative, Rain >.>
NEXT TUESDAY!
thats awesome
What does toast have to do with bodies? I'm hungry
08,01hen3ry: i knew someone from Edinburgh Sci-Fi Society who used the same nick on IRC
MOST INCREDILE THING
I want my DLC... FOR FREE!
and remember to PROMOTE THREE CHARACTERS THIS WEEKEND DAMMIT!
is it going to be better then the pack thats already out??
I have a strange feeling of Deja Vu.
Going to shoot you later
Also, regarding your Ubuntu comment before netsplit: I know that feel. I have had my alsa drivers die so often, I've nearly lost it.
least the chat died down somewhat
Dork Thirty is best time :P
Deja Vew
VERY rich.
moo
otakon: mfw dammit
Dragonball Evolution Rifftrax foar B movie
not plaid!!
No sound = no dice. I've nearly stopped using Ubuntu because of it. (Now on LMDE.)
kenne: well, it's 3 new characters, 2 weapons and 2 maps so I'm not sure. We ARE getting Vorcha though
LISA IS ALIVE
plaid on plaid, even I know that's bad fashion sense, and I'm a naked robot!
kenne: and Male Quarians FINALLY
bonk
lol Crow
lol
lol
Strange how the lawyer becomes a billionare's muscle.
I found that funny :P
sooooo she didn't tear herself apart
THWACK
lol?
08,01K_A: i prefer cycling to walkin
Eddie jerk
kenne: when Ed thunked Crow
whatchoo talkin bout willis?
all lawyers know weapon-fu. its taught in first year.
Paradox Mike is mean
W-wait, WHY DID YOU
Why does Pearl hate Mike Nelson again?
1 jar of mustard
/me dances
INCEPTION
MINDFUCK
otakon: whut?
IshMangoPony: blames him for killing her son
08,01K_A: pm me if you'd like some help with your sound issue
OK. And now SOMEONE'S head asplodes.
IshMangoPony, because her son did
We go deeper
I've been biking since I was 6.
Are they implying they are his own grandparents? :D
even though he later came back
and turned into a baby
08,01oh, okay
I'm on LMDE now. No sound problems.
Its the only explanation
0,5Wrek hath arrived
Now this is getting confusing.
PANIC!
08,01awesome
I think my head exploded ages ago.
Getting...
at the disco
who lets the dogs out!
MST3K Alien Fugitive foar B movie
kenne: IN THE STREAM I WAS LAUGHING AT WHAT WAS GOING ON IN THE STREAM
08,01K_A: i just dist-upgraded XUbuntu, and everything broke
/me hides from the glory of Wrek
can...I'm confused...can't....OH GAWD
0,14this song
get ready to hit the Inception Button >> http://inception.davepedu.com/
lol
W-wait, he is SLOWER than the other two going back and forth between the crash site?!
Not a barn danca: a hangar dance.
otakon: oh, i have it muted becuase im playing RB3
inb4 everyone here votes Rifftrax/MST3K movies for B this summer
FART OF THE FUTURE AGAIN
108Never fear SunderlandPony89, the lemon loves all
OK. One thing is really bothering me about this film. Why is the nerdy science wimp wearing a MULLET?
kenne: RB3?
0,5Lemons are best mons
So let's try to clarify. He goes back into the past so as to stop himself from going back to the past, but then he sees his own plane and goes into the past to....
0,5forget pokemons
rock band
Kencolt Cause :I
oh
everything is the future for us huh
13wrek's here, hide the booze
It's A SHITy
Mangoes are best Goes
everything is the future
0,14Muttering OF THE PRESENT
I love when bronystate streams MST3K, it's commentary on commentary
108lemon is my favourite digimon
Shizuka: HIDE THE LEMONS!
/me drinks ALL the booze
it's MST3Kception
RainBroDash: I will never accept the love of a Lemon! Never!
has anyone shown cs188's ytp of MLP?
or riffception
1777
0,5pokemon, digimon, nah lemon
Woodenfan: Yep.
July 17, 1777?
.....IM SO FREAKING CONFUSED RIGHT NOW......what the heck is these lemons
05tremble mortals, and despair. DOOM has come to this room.
nice going out
/me attacks lemons with mangoes
Dat Eddie Nelson
wait is that an important date?
Wrek you have lemons?
sooooo...wait, they're going to the revolution to stop someone's death?
I forget
They may have created the most convoluted time travel film I've ever seen, and that's saying something.
Wrek: you missed the shipping
Please die of lung cancer
yes
NOT MY NEGATIVE BIRTHDAY
....welp
Does DOOM come with lemons Wrek?
but shizu the rum is long gone...
Why not just go back to 65 million years ago and drop them from a 100 feet :P?
Wrek...please dont smite me..
hey everypony wut are we watchin this movie night?:)
0,14DOOM? I've never played that game
a shitty film
"That was absoloutly incredible ._."
Where's the rum?
lets go to 1777. I never liked the fact that we won the revolution!
Howdy Sketch_Toku_Brony.
gone
butterfly effect, Deadlypon3 ?
RX-78-SweetieBot: are you there?
Chrysalis: are you there?
So now they're going tot he Revoltionary War for some reason?
Like they CARE
I think they wrote the plot using a 20 sided die and a Ouija Board.
yes
Big_Jake-intosh screw that "throws mango at"
ITS YOU
who likes winning, anyway?
eating lemons
WHY ARE THEY GOING TO THE REVOLUTIONARY WAR. HELL LET'S GO TO THE BIG BANG
!!!INCEPTION!!!
13doom?
WE FOUND YOUR BODY
/me takes a mango to the face and goes down
They're going to the Revolutionary War because the 7 key got stuck.
...Then WHY GO BACK to 1777 and kill them there?! Just kill them right then and there
what do you mean we're still a British colony?
LEMONBARS?
0,5dewm
This movie has officially achieved YO DAWG status. As in, YO DAWG, I herd you like going to the past so I gave you a time travel plane so you can go to the past while you go to the past.
0,14DEUM
How creepy would that be?
0,14BWHAAAAAM
0,14of the future
DUNNNN
CK|Ded: Hahahaha.
Chrysalis: did you hear the info I had? New ME3 MP DLC is free and out this upcoming Tuesday, this weekend operation is to promote 3 characters
Would it be beyond this movie to go to the big bang and prevent it from happening?
1777
LOL
lol
Beer Cans OF THE FUTURE
lol
Hahaha:D
NE patriots
That NFL reference.
nice outfits
lol
war
11,01XD
Big_Jake-intosh you can't die, you must aid me in the rebellion against the lemons
lawl
MURIKA
Almost as well known as the keep it real status
0,14oooh, Assassin's Creed III
/me 11,01dusts future
00,03You know what other DLC is new? MW3 Face-Off maps :3
ted nugent
Here's the movie's budget folks!
10NEIL, LEMONS!
Ted Nugent. XD
And they get shot down by the British. The End.
.....what
lol
lol plane
The graphics for Assasin's creed 3 are pretty damn good
you know what game sucks? mw3
LOL
Dr Demento
:D
But where's Ezio?
/me uses a defib on Big_Jake-intosh
New England Patriots OF THE PAST
lol runway of the past
is this George Washington's Delaware crossing battle?
lol War... OF THE PAST
Chrysalis: Indeed
/me picks himself up and wipes the mango juice from his face
lol
Ezio is old news
OmegaMetroidBrony: when they went 1-15?
lol Dr demento, I remember that
Even the battles of the 1770's were fought over lemons and mangos
wow, how come they aren't reacting to the plane?
just kill them and dont talk
plus, it's still vermont
they really don't have many uniforms
00,03In the words of Squidward: "But it's fun! D:"
Go forward to the time of ponies
Why did they need to kill him back in 1777?
3 cans of Mnt Dew latter...lawls
I don't care about the football patriots
why the heck was I praise pineapples mango foreva hahahaha
guys, how would George washington react to the times of today?
DERPDERPDERPDERP: Because they can?
ouch
Dat pun
that pun
FIRED
Wat?
But it's not fun
lol
Betrayal.
oh snap
holds that tmp like a looser
HUZZAH
OH SHIT
But he will change the fashions of uniforms FOREVER!
Huzzah
Oh SHIZA
108http://images.cheezburger.com/completestore/2011/7/29/6d2894dd-7213-4701-b98d-79d2fec6d6dd.jpg
lol
'm off to bed, whiskey is a bit too much to handle :) I'll try to catch the replay tomorrow :) Good night, stream
wat?
ohhhhhh
INCEPTION
And he killed him for being a rational human being :P
WUT
HUZZAH!
/me presses inception button
Everlasting_Future: I guess that works.
HOW DOES HE HAVE A PISTOL!
I am NOT believing this
when did he get one?
cya Cypresswolf
lol
no one's commented on how weird those aliens look? The "minutemen" must be confused
UZI
Universe expolde
00,10slowist fireing uzi ever
11,01Hourmen ware better.
Wat?!
Eeyup.
Screw history
ewwww
DAMNIT YOU BROKE REALITY
05ffs RainBroDash
Uzi in the sky with diamonds
Get shot at, is cool because it is taken lightly by of commentary.
lol
and then history died
0,14needs more Assassins
Semi-automatic Uzi
RainBroDash, your daily life?
I was never good at it anyway
So yeah, DOn'T Go back to 65 million years ago and drop them from a 100 feet :p
otakon: don't try to make sense of it you will just go mad
Uzis...nyeh
SaxyOfTheFuture: Where is Ezio when you need him?!
wee
weeeee
/me makes a fruit salad bomb of Mangoes, Pineapples, Bananas, Kiwis, Papayas, and Mandarin oranges to nuke the lemons with
weeee
It MIGHT EFFECT SOMETHING
Big_Jake-intosh: my mind......it's like PI all over agaiN!
108No MoistFuture, my daily life is http://users.skynet.be/ruilzegels/a%20Mini%20Twinnings/T%20LEMON.jpg
0,14WEE POISON SUMCA
lol if only Colonel were here :D
0,14...*SUMAC
alright, this is the most convoluted time travel movie ever.
Didn't know Uzi amde a person invulnerable to bullets
YO DAWG I HEARD YOU LIKE DOORS
wtf is going on i don't know anymore
DEATH TO LEMON
So RainBroDash....
what is this placed filled with so many lemons?
The Doctor is crying, people. The Doctor is CRYING.
I heard you like putting lemons
Poisened Sumica is Best Sumica :p
in your mouth.
11,01Poison Sumica?
Sue Mecha
Kencolt: He is.
EEYAGH
INCEPTION
Hi me
paradoxception
lol
Hai Me :P
wow. ROBOTCEPTION
ohai me
lol
Time Machine
05or
05*
so what happens if they fight to the death?
woo im confused again!
10Wrek, it wouldn't be fun if people didn't get annoyed at it :<
LOL
still makes more sense than the movie
FUTURE PANTS!
:d
confused? eat more lemon
lol
Future pants best pants
TIME PARADOX
It doesn't concern...
lol
Hello people/ponies.
crow is awesome
XD
Need to vent anger? Destroy lemons
DO YOU HAVE CHEESE? Superbrony64
Mike does't give two f*cks!
lolz
05annoyign the wrong peoply olly, oh and you forgot +o
No.
so if those 2 fight to the death, it'd be an infinite loop where he constantly dies, like Naruto's genjutsu.
ji JamesBobbyDReed
Mike ain't even mad.
/me stomps on lemons
Ji?
Firing line
10+o is for lemons
wait is that a mustache I see on Past Mike
League of Legends politics? what?
Oh Sumica? Your FIRED
05i jsut noticed how horrible my typign is tonight
XD
lol
@Deathstar what do you mean?
true
/me 11,01dusts SuperBrony64!
DarkPonyMagic: well sb loves cows so... probably?
Wrek: how you been man?
Wrek, just noticed?
Lol
00,10I am?
JamesBobbyDReed: woops i ment hi!
eye-boogers?
wat
...
No Sumica :'(
Duck!!!
I would never do that
I have booggas in my eyes
054:30 a saturday mroning
is this film almost over? NOOOOOO
00,10cool I can collect my 401k niow
well, he's dead
How did you make yorself reply to me?
oh, that's fine then
Those drummer's buzz rolls sound HORRIBLE.
FlareChaser: You know that gunk you grt in your eyes when you first wake uyp?
inb4 they ALL MISS
Sumica Wait, What!/
11,01All of that ammo on one person.
Downsizing the old fashion way.
@Deathstar did I do it right?
Litwick: yeh
MovieCeption
go to bed
wait.....HOW DID THEY ALL FRIGGIN MISS?!
I'm different
We are the fruit equalists here to fight the lemon opressors and take away their lemon bending
and because of all that ammo fired, they lose the next battle and the war.
Wow, good job soldiers.
Also hello to you too!
JamesBobbyDReed: do what?
Its a movie in a movie, Movieception
oh god
Death to the Lemons!
NEVR piss off re-enactors.
that's tomorrow too!
no reloading time? man, the soldiers in the Revolution were overpowerd.
otakon: dude they are muskets...it figures they would
lol
and dropped uzi in 1777. That can't hurt anything
nuuuuuuuu
Inception touching
paradox!
and then he met himself
mna I dnot kown wahts worng wtih ym splleing
I mean make someone/pony reply to me with that ringing sound.
soooooooo future to the future
Shamroc: Still, THAT many muskets pissed?
Big_Jake-intosh: I'm different
?
and the chins merged into one
I'm certain that forgotten Uzi won't have ANY effect on the future whatsoever...
hai everypony
This movie is kind of confusing
and ALL was destroyed
hi Stardust_Phoenix.
SunderlandPony89: do you know HOW inaccurate those are
Hey guys guys
I dont get it
sup
ohai Crow
11,01Pale_Horse: Sure won't.
awkward
That just happened.
JamesBobbyDReed: no need for the @
Shamroc: Still, THAT many of them. Not all of them could of missed
Crow: hello there, back in time to deliver a message?
I'm fairly certain that the Doctor is no longer crying. He's gone into severe nausea and possibli incontenence.
JamesBobbyDReed: that's what's stoping it
LOL
11,01Hi FlareChaserxOctavia
:D
DeathStar Such as this?
Makin love with yoself
lol
JamesBobbyDReed: eeyup
I'm... confused
um
Like I said before, Dont Buck With Time Travel
Liberty!
Hi everyone
:D hi everypony
Hi MaidoftheFuture ! How are your maiding skills?
Yucky
So he's talking to himself now and... Oh look, another me.
I made that sound over there?
this should be an A movie it is kind of funny
Wait
11,01They're great.
hai panda
otakon: nah I just got lost
British
/me hugs panda
Out of shape
This is why Doctor Whooves never crossed his own timeline on purpose
ohai DaddyDiscord and panda
How many minutes left until this is over?
so he goes to the future then goes to the past to prevent events in the future, then goes further into the past to prevent more events happening in the other past which was the future which would've affect the future future....FUCK THIS MOVIE.
Deathstar I made that sound over there?
so if you go back in time and have sex with yourself is it incest or masturbation?
Good, go clean up Wreks house.
MarxOfTheFuture: Hey.
Oh jeez, this won't end well.
What's going to become of GEncorp?!
HOLY CRAP IVE NEVER SEEN SO MANY MODS!
hello DaddyDiscord
wooder
Uh-oh, running for my life=still dead in the end.:D
05back when war was jsut another game of RISK
Where did that guy in the blue come from?!
Woodenfan: MST3K mantra, man.
valoreins: Are you talking to me
Big_Jake-intosh um..................
Wrek: RISK? imma google it..
Masturbation
Woodenfan: And this kovie was made in the past, so...
It's not even a buzz. It's like a diddle trying to be a buzz.
JamesBobbyDReed: yup! also if you type in the start of someones name and hit tab it compleats it for you
Big_Jake-intosh its desperation
so... does everyone in this movie run weirdly...?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
11,01Risk is fun.
Hi everypony
/nooneknowswhatI'mtalkingabout
05aye risk is very fun
Tacos?
hi Screwball
love risk.
these are questions that keep me up at night
just saying hi
Howdy Screwball.
Alright,
Let me try
FlareChaserxOctavia: you dont know what risk is?
wait OH that
doing stuff :D hahahahahaha
dat edit
wow Big_Jake-intosh, thats...... disturbing
If he starts a battle between these two sides and kills off half of these guys who weren't supposed to die, won't that cause some sort of paradox?
d3rb2: yeah I do, I just forgot :3
Hello Screwball
DeathStar: Such as this?
Harry Potter did this better
11,01And now the British win.
13portals of the future?
leftenant heheh
Grand Theft Horse
JamesBobbyDReed: why yes
Canadian History!
yes Shizuka
just one of the many random ass thought that cross my mind :)
Jackings cars AND horses?
so the war was won by a guy in a t-shirt?
Dragonball Evolution Rifftrax foar B movie
This music seems off.
Grand Theft Pony
Woodenfan DUH
Paladin_Drakkenwolf: Do you mean RedDead Redmption?
Yum
Big_Jake-intosh It's actually a third sin: Selfcest
05mmmmmm pre digested
DeathStar: Great! Nice to meet you! :)\
WHAT IS "KISS"?
08,01hehehe
lol
Same dorky haircut
Can't drive, but knows how to ride a horse
And when they get back to the ... whenever, the world is ruled by intellegent jello shooters.
JamesBobbyDReed: nice to meat you too
meet*
Mah Little PONEH :P
DeathStar: Do you watch Star Wars? XD
SunderlandPony89: he aced his "intro to hijacking" course at Castleton
nope, worse, Kencolt. It's ruled by the French.
StinkomanFan is not sin :(
I assume?
*it's
JamesBobbyDReed: maybe <.< >.>
Tetris
hen3ry: But My version makes more sense from a temporal/historical standpoint.
In the laws of nature it is!
Crow: :D
Kencolt: true
YAAA
MSTie AND Brony: TWO words describe me, not one
So... are they in the Revolution, or in a re-enactment of the Revolution? I'm confused.
screw nature I'm a pony
horse's like "Freeedom!"
dat punch
05ownd
That was quick.
wait that doesnt make sense
He's playing Galaga and thought no one wpuld notice
and it's all over!
God forbid you change your sex and impregnate yourself
XD
Slowest climaxever
XD
Well, that was easy
pawnch
How...
*would
PALMFACE
:D
No matter how many wimpy nerds there are, they are winpy nerds.
XD
11,01Lol.
DeathStar: I will take that as a yes. Then, is this one of those role-playing chat rooms I have heard a lot about? I was brought here by my brony friend Jalen.
*facehoof*
whoa
108,1http://www.elemonader.com/index_files/header.jpg
let's fly!
/me 11,01flies
He is going to die
05,15This is not a RP chatroom
those houses
....dat pine tar
StinkomanFan, sounds like an excellent fanfic
Spiderman
lol
SunderlandPony89, Time Travel
wait, is this still the revolution? or did they go back to the semifuture?
fluttercry: Thank you
JamesBobbyDReed No...except for MaidoftheFuture
that's a good name for lemonade
That is how
If he doesn't die, how will they resolve the paradox.
He's wierd like that :p
JamesBobbyDReed: no role play is frownd apon a bit here
StinkomanFan: I always wondered if going back in time and suckerpunching your own father in the nads would alter your own birth
interdimensional travel
StinkomanFan: How could you impregnate yourself?
08,01hahaha
throw him out
dat bad acting
Pineconeman
XD
sooooooooo he doesn't die due to lack of air?
08,01i am almost incapacitated by laughter right now
Dat voice
DeathStar: I see, who is maidofthefuture?
SunderlandPony89, sex changes
05Stardust_Phoenix: claim long lost twin
DAT COUNTDOWN
4
3
lol
that countdown
lol
:D
3
2
BEST COUNTDOWN
That thing fell slower than Namek exploded.
1...
Bear Gyllis?
so he killed himself?
now theyre stuck in 1777
I get it now!
meme lols
00,10zomg they made the jome before it was a joke
Zero?
lol
SunderlandPony89: travel to an alternate dimension where you are female and have sex with yourself
04Bear Grylls
Waited long enough
Drinking urine? That's Bear Gryll's thing?
:D
BEFORE BEAR GRYLLES :O
dat meme
00,10joke*
LOL
We need a hero! http://i.imgur.com/jCrJx.jpg
wow, bear grylls reference HOW long before...?
Ouch, my head hurts.
Bear Grylls. :D
1
MY HEAD
:D
StinkomanFan: Now Big_Jake-intosh's explination actually makes sense
XDE
3... 2... 1... 0.. oh 4
hahaha
JamesBobbyDReed: probably nittany_discord
08,01*past
this MST predicts memes!
One of my fav riffs
0,14XD
The COOKIES!!
05he's been to the future
05he knows all the memes
Sumerpan vs Lemons, who wins?
lol
Jelly is best paste.
your typo was a better version. Crashed into the paste!
00,10lol wrek
good point.
HELP ME
some decency please!
Treehugger...:D
Wrek :O
Oh god, now it makes sense.
...
05mandows
:(
Long story short: Don't sex yourself
pooh
poo lolz
-_-
Ever
like pooh alright
LOL
lol
0,14XD
he's really feeling up that tree
XD
except pooh was more adorable
LOL WHAT?!
lolol
00,10go machine!
Star Wars AND LOTR reference?
lol
Machine!
;p;
Sweeeeeeeet
lol
I'm headed for bed. Been getting a splitting headache
Machine is best pony
yay fluttershys camio!
where'd the blood go?
hahaha
Machine wins again!
LOL
those useless shots
good night Midnight_Fyre
Gripping tree-climbing footage...
108,1http://www.elemonader.com/gallery/elemon18.jpg
g'night Midnight_Fyre
Biglaw: Make chapter 17
and winnie the pooh"?
lol DeathStar :D
Well, history is kind of... Um... hmm... I don't think there's a word, scatological or otherwise to describe the state of History at this point. The Doctor is having epileptic fits and singing the Macarena.
Human vs tree, tree looks like heis winning
0,14Moving On TO THE FUTURE
dat fall
OH COME ON HE'S JUST GOING DOWN A TREE. WHY IS IT SO DRAMATIC?
doesn't need to be dat way
Distortion: fluttershy always wins
that hurt almost as bad as being in a plane crash!
i wanna make an OC pony with "machine" as the first name now...
climbing trees is srs bzns
And the bad guy is down there before Nick, WHAT
LOL
FlareChaserxOctavia take Colgate back :3
>Scooting
08,01because cat vomit is tasty
Scootaloo?
Ew.
scoot scoot scootaloo!
wow LOL
Scooting? Like Scootaloo?
Biglaw: NEVER!
Oh jeez is this one good.
Dem stairs
0,14>he's scooting
night Mid.......oh dammit
0,14CHICKEN
0,14BAWK
0,14BAWK
11,01JamesBobbyDReed: This is not an RP chat.
lol
00,02stairs on the tree
00,02seems legit
anyone seen Midnight_Tempest lately?
FlareChaserXOctavia: That's a rude way to say no...
Sleeve injury
The second half of this film has been incredible in a number of ways.
FlareChaserxOctavia alright then
Seems legit
08,01i wish i had some eucalytpus honey
Wow, this movie (Time Chasers) only has a budget of 150,000 dollars, that amatuerish film shooting for the absolute cool and pony.:D
We had FUN
I'm just gonna annoy Shamroc in a game of TF2...
I have alorone-oh anyway
yes...fun
08,01eucalyptus honey + hot milk = awesome
00,02dat accent
yep
SHAMROC HAS TF2 WHAT'S HIS STEAM?
/me 11,01steams
You FOAL
lol
guyz should I get steam? is it good?
08,01TheRainbowDash: add some basil or mind too
XD
Chest Morgan
Kevin Bacon!
dat acting
08,01*mint
Got it.
ouch
00,10double kill
.... It's the CIRCLE of Liiiiiifeee...
has anyone seen ofna_1 in here lately?
KARMA
FAIL
ded
:D
MULTIKILL
I KNEW IT!
lol
I tried it once, my computer just did some weird stuff
Everything.
dat connection
04IT JUST GOT REVOKED
Pew Pew.
oh damm
08,01they dropped a plane on him.
Machine won!
lol
I KNEW HE WAS GONNA DIE
EPIC FAIL
11,01>people ask about RP. Wonder why I can't hold Maid Hour anymore.
XD
FINALLY
YES
Eucalyptus? YOU CAN... Nevermind.
YEEEEEEAH
00,10damn we have a spare
THANK YOU
BOW CHICKA WOW WOW
Thanks Fluttercry :D
now they make love :D
Hahaha:D
Time Paradox
If only the kids in Footloose died
11,01Ahh!
05,15what'd I do?
:
ya saved that guy
Aren't the other guys stuck in that time period now? How'd they get back?
JUMP BACK KISS MAHSELF XD
so he's still alive? despite being dead?
Too bad we left an advanced gun and airplane in the past . no consequeces what so ever
08,01anyone ever had coriander honey?
08,01it's amazing
any1 have steam?
SunderlandPony89: before or after the dance?
I don't hate them as much as I hate these guys
yup
that pink blazer
MFW I think he's gonna say JK Rowling.
08,01i found this wonderful little honey shop in Eisenach
who doesnt have steam
Crow: Whenever. They just needed to die
08,01(the place in Germany where Bach was born)
Dickweed
can't argue with that, SunderlandPony89
Dickweed is best pony
END ALREADY
0,14Lol JK
if you have steam add me lolmonster7 or AppleJack Swag {BRONY} and we can play tf2
04LOL JKJKJKJKJKJKJK
Dorcus
Gilda?
with some soiled pants :D
GILDA??
Everything comes back to pony
00,02dat Gilda
wait what?
Skydiving Grandma
GILDA?!
:D
How
HOW?
old gilda
OH GOD YES
Ninjazz|Tired: yes :D
Gilda.
fail
Gilda....of da Future
THE SKYDIVING GRANNY!
Ohey panda! :D
Skin flaps ugh!!
FYAH'D!
JK again?!:D
travel through time..... right
Ninjazz|Tired: :D hiya
00,10destryed the life of some random mook
1.21 GIGAWATTS
08,01panda: i totally would, but i'im no longer in germanny
lol
I'm batman
04BUT JKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
SKy Diving DOG! SWEETT!
lmao
I'M BATMAN
Im batman lolz
OK. He.. actually SUCCEEDED at something? I'm unnerved.
StinkomanFan: gotta love the brick jokes
Batman WIn
04DEATHSTALKERRRRRRRRRRR
Batman OF THE FUTURE
we are all batman
I'm batman..
I'm Batman
Hahaha
I am Robin.
But... HOW?
I'm bane.
Living a life of mediocrity
SunderlandPony89: batman beyond?
okay, im Iron Man
XD
I'm Catwoman
lol
I'm the Juggernaugh BITCH!
HE'S SPIDERMAN
now I get to live a life of poverty
Ninjazz|Tired: no you arent!
:)*
j/k, we all know I'm Dormammu.
Who knew
y
Ghosties: who stalker?
Time to move in, as my "17 year old girl" profile.
panda: Yesh I am.
TheRainbowDash: you already dont?
Future Saved
Ninjazz|Tired: nope... you're CAPTAIN PLANNET
Yay loserdom
I remember USING those...
and then time travel was destroyed, so he caused a parallel
He is going to kill himself
00,10or he could have just burned them
WallDives: Well, forget about that.
05IDEEEEE
panda: Now I got that damn songs stuck in my head... :|
can't this movie end?
otakon: paradox
or sledgehammer that's more entertaining
Eat me! Later.
he still went to the market
"Please eat me!"
freaking floppy disk! YEAH!
aaaaaaaaand, he's gonna repeat the events later on right?
dammit that's what I meant dammit
maaaaaaan
00,10this is the movie that never ends
Yes, casually throw away a perfectly good floppy disk.
Ninjazz|Tired: :D you are VERY welcome
plad
Wow So many Mods
(noms Everlasting_Future)
The war with the Surge Protectors
Lack of plaid
I can't brain tonight, I have the dumb
MY MIND
So many future memes are in this movie.
panda: Captain Planet! He's a hero!
wait a minute- how much longer is there?
so he's back in the future?
Ninjazz|Tired: :D
0,14Shopping IN THE FUTURE
So he deleted the Transport program, then he threw out the disks that used to have it.
IshMangoPony: the foul aides to the Lemon Dictatorship
TheRainbowDash: You aren't the first one to do that.
eh
panda: Ganna take the bad guys down to zero!
Its over
10/OF THE FUTURE
End
oh okay
Ninjazz|Tired: Don't start that now...:D
Not too long before this movie, FDDs were *very* expensive and people had to opt for tape drives, instead.
Well that was... um.
Hey babe, I can't believe these heads of lettuce cost 2 pounds! Bloody inflation.
FINALLY
eh
9/10 for what I saw
I slept through too much of this/10
otakon, no a completely different war
Everlasting_Future: Wait, who is the first then?
04Sudday
TheRainbowDash: BLAME PANDA. O_O
Funny movie.
if you traveled back in time to change something and it worked you them=n lost your reason for going back in time in the first place and never actually wnet back in time to stop the thing that you wanted to stop or something what the heck was in that pizza
oh
i'm not sure if this made more or less sense jumping into the middle of the second half of it...
9/10 for riff
FUTURE/10
|Discord|: Or past memes. Or memes of future past. Or past memes we only find in the future. Or...
Dat writing
This was WRITTEN? XD
05,15I missed most of this, but what I did catch was really funny
Eddie/10
TheRainbowDash: Don't remember, long time ago.
Needed less communistic future
MINDFUCK
I think we got a new meme.
That rustled my jimmies/10
steam's updating. Getting steam and getting some stuff
Ninjazz|Tired: Nah, blame is all you, you're the new Saxy.
Kencolt: Or all memes.
00,10future/10
song / 10
05suture piss/10
fluttercry: all of it is funny :D
A meme from the future.
I was lost before the movie even began/10
05f*
10/10
8/10, WILL watch again.
lol
lol "This was written?"
Oh no! Did I miss it?
upcoming MLP episode has my favorite song in Season 2
a$$wipes/ 10
Crap movie, but MST3K was awesome.
Hi, i'm unemployed, crazy, moderately unattractive and I think we are destined for each other>
TheRainbowDash: I can't be the Saxy! I'm not as jazzy as he is. :(
i hope I can get on tomorrow to watch again xD
Woodenfan: seconded.
eddie/10
YEAAAAAAAAH
meh
NO! I MISSED IT!
Movie is a 4/10, but with the MST3K? 9/10.:)
Big_Jake-intosh: eeyup
executive parents lol
You cannot handle mai Mango Salsa!!!
/me hugs Blaze
05,15I love MST3K
one of my favorite MST3K is Soultaker
Mst3k makes it a 9/10
lol
00,03Boomer! :O
Monster a Go GO is one of the more... painful ones. A must see.
0,14It's okay, Ninjazz|Tired
10/10 OF THE FUTURE
0,14One day
6/10 for me
Ninjazz|Tired: Yeah, you're just not cool enough to be him.
mst3k makes it 9001/10
brb guys, need a drink
Movie is .5/10: SO FUCKING CONFUSIONG
08,01I WANT TO BE A HORSE WRANGLER
0,14One day IN THE FUTURE
>it didn't work out
/me Shoves the Boomer away
Big_Jake-intosh: ooh I watched that earlier today
Pinkies4thWall: Thank you!
Thanks you... SaxyOfTheFuture... :'(
00,10we need more bad pornos picked as B's so we can use mst3k's
00,02XD
future/10
:D
Ninjazz|Tired: Awwww, someonw got a sad face?:D
wat
00,10I did that already Dr_Fumbles
(someone)
05,15wait...he sounds like Crow
lol :D
Wait what?
Witch is which
TheRainbowDash: NO! :"(
the Soooooooultaker
so much yes, Sumica
Not teh kittehs!
05,15COULD IT BE?
Sumica: WHY does that make sense?
Fluttercry NOAAAH O_O?
dang...
Hey, has anyone ever picked.... THE ROOM?
Pale butt
Fluttercry Well...Ya know :P
ME! Nope
Blaze: Yes.
Ninjazz|Tired: You have so much bluff on your face right now.
Brain Guy breaks the fourth wall!
He looks like Fester from the Adams Family show. Which sucked.
I feel like watching farscape
00,02rifftrax is good but i miss these bits
TheRainbowDash: Shaddup! :'(
and to think that he's also crow.
Everlasting_Future: :O
finally its over
I think this is what TV Tropes calls "Acting for two"
Hmm?
STEEEEEEEEAM
02:3
lol Pinkie's ancestor
LordCelestia: i just noticed you renamed the top part of the channel
Awwwh :'(
is there another MLP ep now??
0,5What?
Who the fuck is this
Poor Brainguy :'(
Poorguy:(
AppleJackTheOneAndOn: Yep
Ninjazz|Tired: I will not...shut the hay up.:D
Elderly Squirrels?
LOL
lol
AppleJackTheOneAndOn: not NOW, obviously, else it would be on.
YAI
AppleJackTheOneAndOn: Yeap, Hearts and Hooves Day
LordCelestia: welcome to the SLemonStateRegulars room
huh...I remember my steam account
WHAT?
AppleJackTheOneAndOn: yes
TheRainbowDash: I told you Rainbow Dash was mean. :P
YAI
Elder Squirrles, unintentional pun XD
XD
Toasters?
Indians
Rasist man is rasist
squirrels*
lol
texans?
Ninjazz|Tired: Ah, she is just a silly filly.
It was shown to a wall and barely avoided an implosion.
Pepsi?
lol
inkBot: I don't get it
Floridians
Crow is close, considering the average italian SF film.
ITS A TRAP!
STOP INSULTING THE STATE I WANNA LIVE IN
"The other, smaller Wisconsin!"
TheRainbowDash: Dat denial.
XD
2yeah
Rutland: VT...hmmmmmmmmm
LOL
:D
The Other Smaller Wisconson!
I've been there!
I barely saw any of it... yet I love it.
the other smaller wisconsin, that's so accurate
With better cheese.
05,15Mangos shall inherit the chat
And now they had to issue an appology to Vermont.
lol
LOL
This was glorius
fluttercry yesh plz
Kencolt: Ah, we already threw all of the cheese.
Ba dum Tss!
lol
this episode was a paradox
inkBot: oh. maybe the MST3K writers had a time machine?
The island of No.
has bronystate shown inside man?
No Island.
when was this episode from?
:c
God damnit
Right across the island of Yes.
TF2 crashed.
inkBot: like 1992
Here on Gilligans ISLE :P
FlareChaser|TF2: ha!
What's the punchline?
1997
FOR THE MANGOS
can we have bananas too?
teh|Spitfire: shutup
FlareChaser|TF2 SAndvich
YooHoo!!!
bai everypony
lol
Wait... Can someone tell me what this is?
back into absolute zero temperatures...WHERE EVERYONE'S MOVING
first elder scrolls came out in 1994 iirc
YooHoo
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: It's Lemons vs All other fruit
Later IshMangoPony
bye IshMangoPony
04Holy shit
05anyways gnight
13Stardust_Phoenix: VOTE IT VOTE IT VOTE IT
04Yoo Hoos
08,01oh Pearl <3
13I WANT THAT MOVIE
"The Island Of Dr. No"
/me hugs IshMangoPony. See ya later!
inkBot: oh.
sleep well, Wrek <3
For The Mangoes!!!
oh you
OH YOU
Nighty Night Wrek1
night Wrek.
!
Night Wrek
cya IshMangoPony
good night wrek, gonna watch this MLP episode, then go back to steam
Not sure how to?
Please, does anyone know what this is?
night Wrek
Wrek: g'night
ohshi
OH SHI-
Maybe
why is she drinking a Yoohoo?
Night night Wrek.
Dat Spare Crow
oh dear
08,01ni ni Wrek <3
lol
XD
>mfw I live in Wisconsin
Watching Ponies.
Do you have cheese?
Woodenfan She is a big yoohoo fan
pfft cheese
OJ: Is it a show, a movie, what?
/me 08,01Nittany_Discords
dude
cutting the cheese
okay deadlypon3, taking your word for it
cheese.
Nevermind future robot
what are they watching?
<3
cheese everywhere.
04I wish I had cheese
PONY TIMEZ
Cheese and beef
Good night everypony!
00,03I C WUT DEY DID THAR
No wait
Stock cartoony sfx
/me gives Ghosties cheese
Blaze: MST3K was a TV show that featured movies
The stinger :P
Good night Grayhoof
night Grayhoof
05,15and now time for me to ignore the episode
goodnight
hey looked like they had boners... o.e
and with that I must away bye yall it was fun
Night Grayhoof
Now they should do the room
/me walks over to Ghosties' house with a block of cheese
night Grayhoof!
/me 11,01dusts Ghosties
Night Grayhoof
Blaze had about 198 episodes :p
Night Grayhoof
Dream of Ponies Gray
fluttercry: what u no liek poniez?
00,10we have done the room several times
Woodenfan: MST3K
Isn't it Hearts and Hooves?
Rifftrax is a spiritual successor to this, and they did the room
OJ: Ooohh. That... sounds awesome.
dose sound effects
Man I loved these as a little kid. Little did I realize its foretelling nature.
oh shit
Blaze: Speifically, BAD movies, which they then made unrelenting fun of.
/me gives Ghosties gouda, cheddar, and provolone
This tune reminds me of Groose's Theme.
well I'm gonna play some Diablo 3 before bed night guys
no, I meant MST3K
05,15I like ponies. Just, only one time.
Goodbye everypony
05,15Plus, I kind of hate this episode
But if you think about it, the first Crow went back to the point he came from. Shouldn't the 2nd Crow have returned to when HE came from, half an hour after the first Crow returned to?
night Distortion
man, Lyra and Fleur have just been sitting in the corners patiently all evening.
Best Brains . Inc
Bye Distortion
big mac makes me sick in this ep
Kencolt: .....Nostalgia Critic... FROM THE FUTURE?
say have there been any films of Doctor Who?
wrek, it could have been worse, they could have been packing the fudge :)
Have fun Big_Jake-intosh
PONIES!
Blaze: Look it up. Like MLP, this show has a very dedicated cult fanbase
:D
EEYAGH
XD!!!!
Gotta hit the hay Night Everypony!
YES
Dat 20 bagillion p HD.
This is an accurate representation of Wisconsin alright
I never get tired of that
dis gon b gud
08,01woo! \o/
OJ: Great!
woohoo! my favorite song is here!
finally!
HEARTS AND FKIN HOOVES :D
Hearts and Hooves day :3
I love this ep.
And we have ponies.
alright, my head has been throbbing all evening, and I wanted to catch MST3K, and I did.
00,02yay~
By everypony
*bye
Cheerilee's a whore@
Yay! I love this episode.
this might be the worst episode
So, I'm going to sleep as well.
sweet, i came back intime for the ep
00,10more glitter
finihshd
Cya WallDives! Take care, man.
I still think the VA is off in this though.
SHE FLIES
Dream of Ponies Wall
00,02Glitter!
Night all, see you guys later.
Waait, this isn't Friendship is Fabulous!!!
SHE'S NOT A CHICKEN SHE FLIES
Say. If pony kids eat paste... does that count as cannibalism? :(
Sweeite sounded Southern when she said "Mrs Cheerlee"
I'm sorry StinkomanFan
all that glitter
Night WallDives
....HOW?
05,15Nah, Mysterious Mare Do Well gets that honor, but this comes close
Paladin_Drakkenwolf: XD yes
00,10inb4 sweetiebell made punch lines
Sweetie Belle dominates this episode
Woodenfan: she doesnt actually
04Just al little
*insert nude picture of Cheerliee on the heart*
Close Enough
04Just a little
Shut up fluttercry
Aaaaaaa~
PUNCH
D: then what was that?
Anypony else took part in the Great iTunes Scandal surrounding this ep? >=D
Litwick: lol
Litwick a normal picture?
/me sings along
05,15NU
lol
Read it and Weep is WEC
Litwick: But all her picutes are-- Oh, come ON.
Damn you Sumi... Now all I remember is that poop. :D
whys the audio fluxing?!!
>this episode
Litwick: define nude in Equestria
>worst episode
Nude pictures don't work with this characterrs
FRIENDSHIP IS FABULOUS
08,01Paladin_Drakkenwolf: normalisation
fluttercry: I'll agree with that
Paladin_Drakkenwolf: not sure...
Or whatever the Daring Doo ep was called
FUUUUUUUUCK
SO MANY PINGA
WEaring Clothes
i'm not seeing it
00,10mission acomplished Ninjazz|Tired
PONY EPISODE!!!!
K_A scandal?
*pings
Nude picture jokes I mean
Litwick: How does that even work?
FRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANCE
friends.
cherrilee's a WHORE
SunderlandPony89: you mean read it and sleep?
XD
08,01fraaaaaaaaance
how do their hoofprints look like that if they don't wear horseshoes and they have flat hooves?
Friends.
dejected pony
all the good ones are TEKKEN
08,01Woodenfan: enough of that, please
00,10suss
*shrug*
Ninjazz|Tired: well... i think sumi killed out childhood as well :D
Woodenfan: thats what i think every time i hear the song :D
"big"
Yeah, one should never normalize a single audio stream. :\
SunderlandPony89, read it and weep was awesome
SunderlandPony89: oh wait
More like Cheerilee in a fetal position.
STOP FUCKING QUESTIONING LOGIC AND EAT YOUR BROCOLLI YOUNG MAN
looks like i have to change my name back
LOL
EVER
"It's lovely and so... big!" TWSS
thats what she said
huhuhhhuhuhhu
sound
panda: Oh man we can't forget him doing that. :D
Twilight is awesome! So is Dash! So is Fluttershy! So is Pinkie! So is Applejack! So is Rarity! And not in that order! I won't say what the order is!
00,10hey Ninjazz|Tired, am I pit?
"Scandal" meaning it was accidentally leaked before the Saturday airing on iTunes.
O_o
thats better
Ninjazz|Tired: :D i know right? Goodnight ;)
a:O
dat face
00,02:O
stop reminding me that I'm single.
^
oh i dont hhhhaaaave a ssspecial soooomeponyyyyyy
Back from homework...........M,issed mst3k might see it on Euro Movie Night
At the moment = Used to.
read it and weep was a terrific episode
dat expression
Sweetie Belle is a romantic.
Sumica: Eyup.
She's like Mrs. Krabapel
I'll be your Cheerliee... wait, that didn't come out right.
1,3little girls making their teacher depressed :\
Tat pony...looks like me
CUTIE MARK CRUSADER MATCHMAKERS!!!!
F**K Applebloom?
Nope. WEC.
Blaze Of course
We gotta F*** APPLEBLOOM
gotta love the indiana jones
it seems someone does not like this shmoopy-doopy sweetie-weety pony ep
Derp
Goodnight everyone
YAY
11,01Cut the heart out of the pony.
whos ready to f... applebloom!
dat grin
lol
OK. Pin the heart on the pony. SCARY sounding game.
im ready to play stab the heart on a brony hater
Yaplap
05,15I totally don't hate this episode because I'm forever alone :'(
Punch! punch! PAWNCH!
08,01one of my favourite fanfics ends up with Cheerilee and Twilight together, and it's ADORABLE
tooooold you
goodnight Conyst
Cutie Mark Crusader Cupids!
SHIPPIN BELLE
First tim i've ever seen diamond tiara genuinely happy
Oh Twists, you silly filly.
00,10yep that ytp has changed how every one sees this ep
"A chance to F**k the Wonderbolts?!?"
That was our second best idea ever LOL
00,02its a fun safe idea
time to ditch class!
there are some good parts in this episode
song!
Diamond Tiara.... Isn't she like a PPG villian... Princess something....
Sumica: Sure has.
00,10and I helped =p
Yaplap
inb4 song
SIBG
Fool-proof plan
Ms Cheerilee is a Whoooooooore
SONG*
bye Conyst
BROHOOF
11,01>Read Cheerilee's Garden recently.
inb4 song
the song is alright
Yaplap
inb4 song
song!
Sumica: You're a monster!
song
SONG
CHEERILEE'S A WHORE
Sumica, not me~~~~ I dont watch much ytp
Cutie mark crusaders Shippers YAY
lol
Song hell ya
FAVORITE SONG IN SEASON 2
cheeerilee's a whoooooore
11,01And the sad sequel.
AW SHIT MAN
HEADBOB
REALLY?
head bob
I perfer the Yaplap version
SONG
Yaplap
Stripper Belle =/
Nittany_Discord: best grimdark eva.
Dat headbobbing XD
she needs to sing moooooooooooooooore!
02derp
Techno Scootaloo!
hey did screamy guy do a screamy version of this song yet?
Guuhhh, I keep thinking of FIF
I can sing this song actually.
I love songs BTW
00,10guess you have not seen me stream this one Rain =p
dat funeral
PONY VIDYA
Test
In before the obessed with jelly pony
LOLO
funeral
00,02Woodenfan, /)
Blaze: No, DT is just a jerk.
sweetie belle is a stripper
I SAY
05,15I just noticed that was a funeral
I feel so awesome right now...this show is like my drug
YEEAAAH!
SORYUKEN
Favorite? Over "Love in is Bloom", or "This Day Aria", or "Smile Smile Smile"? O.o
Pinkie's mate :P
Sweetie Belle has awesome singing skills.
fluttercry: death is now canon
08,01UPTAT
YAPLAP
Caramel getting all da ladies
05,15Caramel like a boss
Phase4: (\ !
Caramel :).
08,01val = heartbroken
MY Kidney
Equestria confirmed for death
00,02Caramel X Raindrops
I never noticed the nice chord progressions.
SunderlandPony89: ooh I'm gonna watch it later
jelly
ME GUSTA
Jelly!
the hell does my stream keep timing out?
COCK A DOODLE DOO
mmm jelly
creepy
giant tubs
Me Gusta
U JELLY?
lol dat FACE :D
dat Hugh JElly
ah, jelly
Mr Smuckers
whoever came up with that was so out of it
goes well with toast
Kencolt: Still, they both have tiaras.... both have sort've curly hair.... both are brats...
JELLY
Anyone seen the perfect FCKIN STALLION with DJ alex s?
suddenly scootaloo can sing
TEKKEN
11,01Poor Val.
all the best ones are tekken
how is that a problem?
COCK A DOODLE DOO!
I love this part
MWOP MWOP MWOOOP
He looks a male Derpy
U Jelly
EEEEYUP
00,10Eyyyup *credits*
eeyup
nnnnnnnnnope
me gusta
Nope
Eeyup
i will not accept this ep... Caramel goes with mac everytime
nope
dat TEKKEN
Eeyup!
YAPLAP
Pony'bert
that skip
EEYUP SIGH
Eyup.
lol Pinkies4thWall YES :D
Shippers
0,14Tekken?
dat skipping
WTF kind of walking was that?
YES! YES WE ARE APPLEBLOOM!!!!! YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
Hey! My Brother should date my teacher! Nope
i love ytp
The question ANY sister would in this case.
Sumica: you have corrupted the core of this episode with your YTP
Dun dun duuuuuuunnnn
is ADORABLE
someone say my name?
Hey! Big Mac is an innocent victim here!
No, we are not.
dun dun dun
little slow on the uptake there, AB.
00,10heheheh
WOOHOO
Sweetie-Scoot is more adorable
00,10SaxyOfTheFuture, I will show you after this ep
so... is did anyone else only hear YAPLAP on that one?
herp
Haahahhaha
Voice crack xD
why am I shaking right now? WHY AM I SHAKING?
huh?
Well, Applebloom got over it fast!
can lift 3 buckets of apples, can't lift a cake ...
Dat Bigshy...
Workaholic = perfect mate
i need to go guys, cant stay here forever lol, BYE! :D
ahahahah
I love Sweetie Belle in this episode
EquestriaHarmony
10zerp
Yay!
Woodenfan I have no idea
oh u
http://i.imgur.com/0fGgA.jpg
00,10cause you are an off ballenced Woodenfan.
valoreins: aww bye bye
These are the most adorable little ponys
i just cant get that ytp out of my head
"heart will flutter" ... some pony say my name?
hen3ry That's a Brick Jokef entry (TV Trope)
bye valoreins!
if everyone in ponyville became a homestuck character, the cmc would be nepeta
ooh I love their reactions, coming up
I'm literally shaking cuz I've been typing so fast...or was it the song? LOVE THE SONG
Seeing this seen always made me feel awkward...
otakon: When Sweetie scoots on the floor out of bordem? Remember?
scene*
coooooooooomiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnngggggg
her singing voice is so awesome
Thats a Tree...
It's an apple tree!
In b4 "OH COME ON!"
That's a Fluttershy.
fluttershy
SunderlandPony89: yes...dear God so cute
LIES
How can 3 ponies all be one alien troll?
ITS ALL LIES
that's a fluttershy
NO
Hee hee hee :3
I FKING KNEW IT
IT'S A HEART TREE
Th- damnit TheGreatAndPowerfulT!
Drkts3 That's a Fluttershy :(
Thats a fluttershy
Dem giggles.
Applebloom fixes things!
Hey Resh!
Pale_Horse: Magic *snort* *snort*
punch!punch?punch!punch?PAWNCH
Shipping!
wat
This ep just makes me smile
INB4 Pepie Le Pew bounce
long time no see
08,01dat big mac
08,01<3
YFW that record has Dethklok on it
In before spam of OH COME ON
SHIPPING! YEAH!.... woo!
If only...
eeyup
lawl
Eyup
eeyup
I like that awkward smile Cheerilee makes.
nope
eeeyup
SUDDEN DATE
Fluttershy is getting jealous?
WE WANT A SHOW THIS GAZEBO WASN'T CHEAP TO RENT
Hoo hoo hoo
enope
nnnnnnope
there is an animation of this ep and one whimper kills me everytime
God, the eye twinkle
Where'd Fluttershy/Big Mac ship come from?
Scootaloo is totally OOC in this scene.
04Reminding me waaaaaaay too much of that South Park episode where Cartman plays Cupid
**bedroom eyes**
08,01big mac is adorable
...its getting kinky
lol their EYES so cute! /)^3^(\
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: I know man, looks good
whoa
Oh come on!
:D
Woodenfan: Just fan speculation.
OH COME ON
eeyup
OH COME ON!
OH COME ON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RARITY!
OH COME ON (MY CHEST)!!!!!!!!!!!
fuck
XD
oh
:) :D =D
HAHAHHAHA
Lol
Cheerimac?
eeyup
eenope
O_O
OH COME ON
04SPONGEBOB
OoO
OOO
THERE IT IS
08,01OH COME ON!
One of the best delievered lines in S2.
dat record warble
:D
hah
0,14OH COME ON
WIN
eeyup
Ghosties, I was thinking the same thing, you beat me to the punch.
totally K_A
/me 11,01explodes
04Those three should have had mustaches
Awkward pony time is awkward.
lol dat recorder player
0,14I need that .mp3 to use in real life
eeyup, enope, eeyup, eeyup
So... Mods... do you think that in the summer, we can watch MST3K often, like maybe a Summer Special?
Ninjazz|Tired: have you seen the friendzoned video??? XD
freindzoned ;_;
Friendzoned
00,10uunce uunce uunce
^
I need that as my ring tone
lol what Sumi?
0,14also, there needs to be Gaijin 4koma pony comics
00,02suddenly twilight
panda_: I don't think so... :S
0,14their reactions fit too well
02oh nos
that was no accident
Twilight... Destroyer of Worlds.
00,10you will see soon enough flutter_spin
:O
those faces
That comment wasn't contrived at all. :P
Dat Twilight <3:)<3
her voice is off a bit in this
00,03...woah
Twilight raepie time?
twilight = oblivious
Hye, everyone! Remember when Twilight was the main character? ME NEITHER!
00,02Rain, ikr
Twitroll.
I remember when everyone was all "Those ponies were totally Shining Armor and Cadance"
Rain: whose? and hi!
sweetie belle looks so cute
Twilight you idiot
:s
No? Aww
00,10yeah I think she litteraly "phoned" her lines in
/me hugs Rain
00,03This scene...
Twi's
/me zerps
<.<
Blaze I remember.......HARDLY though:D
dat rainbow :D
FUCK DA POLICE
DEPAINTING THE RAINBOW
Discord vaccum
Raibow dash would be pissed
scoot does all the work.
no molest 4 u
:'( rainbow... lol
00,03i WISH I did work~
I like how this highly destructive information is just freely available at the library
Serve to two ponies who aren't in the know.
Cadance is a Alchemist..
GLITTER
00,10Tara probably had to redoo the lines but could not get in to the studio to do them
Raht
But we were talking about your brother
sooo...what do they do with the remainder?
and that is why scootaloo can't fly
Rat
totally perfect Sweetie Belle. You and your shipping chart
Party Soft
PAAAUUUNCH!!
No, Zecora is an alchemist.
00,10Paunch
PUNCH PUNCH PUNCH PAWNCH
aren't they always?
PUNCH
We never did find out where Twilight got the book...
PUNCH!
right?right!right?right!right?right!
PUNCH
omg!
Paucnh
PAUNCH!
PAWNCH
0,14PUNCH
punch! fight!
FALCON PUNCH!
08,01sure! *punch*
how could I almost miss this??
FALCON PAWNCH!
Punch! Punch you that is hehehehe!
PAWNCH
GUYS! Brohoof me! :|
TOGETHER
SunderlandPony89: well she lives in a library.
Falcon!!!!!!!!!...... wtaer please.
PONY PAWNCH
/)
together?
00,10ep forever destroyed
get away lee, mac belongs to caramel!
SPAM PAWNCHED
Can we see the FIF ytp after this?
Soo.... Do you think Zecora can create infusions and bombs?
04Violet......
04PAWNCH
Trying too hard
0,14Together. To test it,
Kandarihu: you win an internet, i was just about to say that
God, Sweetie just OWNS this episode
Show Me Yo HOOVES
So, does anyone else realize that this is a PEGASI potion? Everything in the ingredents are Pegasi related. Tuft of cloud, Bright rainbow's glow, Stir with a pegasus feather, that's not slow? ALL PEGASI RELATED.
totally otakon
Captain Falcon is best
Sumica: i know T_T but i still love ytp
Filomena PAWNCH
Sounds like my friends.
00,10stick around after the ep if you dont get what we are all taking about
/me shows hooves
and I'm LOVING IT
00,02this
00,02here
DAT LAUGH
k Sumi
00,02is where i start loving this episode
Darkts3 I disagree....she doesn't need chemistry, because SHE'S CUPID
Yeeup
jew
eeyup
EEYUP
EEEEEEEEEEEYUP
I don't know. It's kind of cliche.
Help, I fangasmed/shivered...
Shmoopy poo!
Dark92Enigma: nope
dat eye twinkle
04Mustaches
0,14their faces when :3
00,03Friendzone'd ;__:
:O
SMOOPY WOOPY HONEY BEAR XD
haha you drank my feather!
and then lovey dovey
/me is sad
OH SNAP
oops!
DONT DO IT
/me is bored
SHROOMS
SunderlandPony89: I think she knew exactly what would happen and trollestia is just rubbing off
Darkts3 WELL FOR ME SHE IS:D
SMOOPSI POO!
Blaze: Considering the magical abilities of Pegasai... that's explains a LOT about what happens next.
04MUSTACHES DAMMIT
/me stares
FlareChaserxOctavia: dont worry *pats back*
OTP! OTP!
yup
:)
French music
eeyup!
:D
lolz
EEYUP
04SOMEONE DRAW THEM WITH MUSTACHES
i keep thinking Cadance just used mine control
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
YES
0,14YES
YASS!
LOL
hello
who knows
XD
and then it went terribly right
/me 11,01pretties FlareChaserxOctavia
/me wants to be Big Mac
It's an Ipecac
DEM FACES
11,01No longer bored.
Ghosties: WHO? I will totally go do it :D
GIFS FOR ALL
/me runs away from Nittany_Discord
05,15Why do they say "some" so weird?
EWWWW
CHEERILEE AND BIG MAC SITTING IN A TREE
EEEEEEEEEEEEYUUUUUUUP
inb4 he is gay and Cherile knows, that is why she finds it rediculous
wat
smoopy
DAT FACE
11,01Now you're pretty bored.
ewwwww
HALF BIRD HALF PONY
this is when he starts talking....
Dafuq?
K-i-s-s-i-n-g~
LOL!
05,15They say it like " Sawm"
M Bison Daniel Bryan AND Twilight would be proud.........OR NOT
They heard out pleas for Big Mac lines.... and they trolled the SHIT out of us!
OMG H CAN TALK!
:).
how do you post immages?
Hellooooo everyone
PIAH
XD
...
AAAHHH! BIG MAC IS SCARING ME
04I mean the CMC panda
00,03D:
00,02longest big mac line ever
Hmmm....
lali-ho Firaga
Ghosties: :D alright
Pony pie
where can I get this potion?
This episode must be really popular in Japan. I know both Big mac and Cheerilee are both really popular ponies in Japan.
BEH
BIG MAC......JUST TALKED=???????
I need it for a certain pony..
Such LANGUAGE
verry carefully (r)
hai Firaga
Big Mac's VA must of had a hell ofa time voicing this ep
Phase4 forgeting the rant of ponyville confidential ~
Pulp fiction
Pale_Horse: neat
/me hides
FlareChaserxOctavia: you dont need it
=/ in b4 sex time
Big Mac just spoke in complete sentences. That's bad.
dat nose
kissy wissy
dat music
ugh!
I like to think all the cutesy talk is just metaphor for constant making out
kissy wissy something something sugar bear?
Ahhhh
kissy wishes snuggy wuggie!
00,02TheGreatAndPowerfulT, ohai
dun dun DUUUN
Big mac should talk more
dat music
teh|Spitfire: I was gonna give it to you and spitfire, but fine..
lol
It paused at the worst frame
DAMN..............
>sees episode
00,02music is perfect
/me vomits
LOL
hai ~
I really love this episode
FlareChaserxOctavia: damn it
Honestly, if the potion is as effective as they say, they would be doing it on the blanket right there.
I take it back! I take it back!
never have too much rainbow
kind of like how in my head canon Pinkie's parties actually involve tons of booze
this is the most awkward one to have your family walk in on
this is gonna spawn Sooooooo much porn
What a tweest!
Not enough dash
why u never read next page.
Cadance =/
0,14That girl is poiiiiison~
OH FUCK
:|
Hmm,... Darkts3, Yep.
They killed each other
Big Mac should talk more, but not like that. More like how he did in the Gabby Gums episode
Discord!
read up on what you are making before you make it
"something about 1000 years of darkness..."
ME
/me is so sexy
Sounds like Discord's idea
cliche mcfantasty story
08,01CHAOS
I did it
CHAOS???? DISCORD DID IT!
HELL YA
I want a Derpy Episode next season
It DID spawn soooooo much porn I'm sure
FlareChaserxOctavia: what? no Colgate?
chaos?
You can't spell DISCORD without DISCO RD!
Kay-owwwwwwwssssss
DUN DUN DUUN!
otakon: HELL NO!
08,01well, i can think of one royal duty they could perform.
00,02facedesk
Ah no! No Teacher!
FlareChaserxOctavia: um, why?
AB's logic here is impeccable.
Question: How would Derpy's eyes react when drinking that potion?
|Discord| I KNEW IT!
xXxScoot_CommandoxXx: y u no answer me on xbl earlier?
I want an episode about the background ponies S3
Jeopardy! tun-tun-tun-tun
oh crap, all thouse dumb hungry ponies1
otakon: I'm sick of getting asked the same question, BLAHBLAHBLAHBLAHBLAH
Blaze: maybe the love poison is what happens when non-zebras try to make potions
dat spiralling out of control
Bon Bon XD
I love this dystopian vision :).
That arm wave!?
WAVY
Blaze: http://imgur.com/IzQPD
11,01Poor Bon Bon
FlareChaserxOctavia: well JUST SAY SO
FlareChaserxOctavia: u mad?
00,03I had company, I sowwy, Pinkies4thWall
twilight_sprinkle Jeopardy Theme FTW
unless you know they hire another teacher and Applejack takes over for Big Mac
00,10slippery slope
Chaouws
Next thing you know humans will domesticate them
08,01Paladin_Drakkenwolf: 20 Short Films About Ponyville
/me hugs xXxScoot_CommandoxXx
or carrot top will take the market and twilight will be teaching at the school
-_-
ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
1 SECOND. FLAT
not as much rule 32 came from this ep as I expected
/me bursts into flames and explodes
pookie pie
ew
You know, Applebloom, there are more foods than APPLES, Applebloom. Not to mention APPLEJACK!!!
D:
eq
1 second flat
Even Mrs. Cake can't do it
lawl
ew ew ew
IshMangoPony: It wouldn't be the same though
WHOAAAAAAA
Dark92Enigma: brw press tab when typing name for it do autofinish
05,15rule 32?
Also, that cherry nimble
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: that would work.
nibble
I'm tired
scoot is liking this
D:
if it can be said, it can be said with a picture
yo im back
...
00,03NOPE
ew ew ew
:D
umm
O_O
so...what do you think the CMC's cutie marks will be?
Wait, I got this...wheres Octavia?
00,10dem sweetie belle eyes
kinky!
08,01DEM TONGUES!
it always works. Get married, fall out of love. Is simple!
08,01ADORABLE
That's rule 32?
woops
....seductive milkshake.
cheerilee and cherilee should get married!
inb4 flying cheerille
protip: use imgur.com and paste the link here
FlareChaserxOctavia: with meh
yeah I meant 34
"i drink your milkshake.."
*cheerilee
I want that picture frame!
teh|Spitfire: D:
hen3ry: That may just be crazy enough to work...
08,01FlareChaserxOctavia: hey, i just said they were adorable!
twilight_sprinkler: ok, thanks bro!!!
so much nuzzeling
AAAAAAAAAGH
05,15Seriously they say somepony like Sawmpony
that, or "pic or it didn;t happen"
SunderlandPony89 but it would prevent the chaos
Sweetie Belle HAS STRECHING POWERS
married?
OOOOOOOH SHIT
00,10get off the table
NO U *shoves smoothy*
barf
*Chaouws
lol
maaaary
Even I am a bit ill at this.
ewwwww
my first thought at those faces was "Ok that did work. Fear of committment break spell"
Smoopy
Darkts3: the other Dictionary and the Chicken do too
The next you know, you two will be in the bushes!
04DIAMONDHEAD
NO NO NO DOES NOT COMPUTE
Or Applejack could hire workers for Sweet Apple Acres. Or she could have Apple Bloom take over Big Mac's job since this was partly her fault in the first place.
/me looks up Rule 32
hai :(
off to minecraft
LOL
dat accent
bye Dken2021
So many doors lost their lives that day!
00,10dress.mov sucked
08,01FlareChaserxOctavia: i said nothing!
11,01Dress!
oh snap
Tat broken door
bye Dken2021
like a boss
Bye Dken2021
08,01FlareChaserxOctavia: adorable!
FUCK DOORS I'M A PONI
Shamroc: You're missing your favorite chicken! HURRY!
Hello CCCP
USE THE DOOR
Who needs wings to fly? Not Cheerilee.
Dream of Ponies Dken
08,01when they lick icecream!
Guys.
I think nearly all the .mov things sucked.
wha? I ain't going
08,01out of a glass!
hi Twi_Fi
05,15Next time Pinkie...Next time? I'll eat ALL your cupcakes
Sumica: the immigrants jokes were somewhat funny imo
And not a single buck about the door was given.
FlareChaserxOctavia: i can insult Octavia....
Kandarihu: they can't afford extra workers and HOW is a filly going to have the same output as Big Mac?
Where is Rarity?
Don't watch My Little Brony: Friendship is Tragic. IT'S DISGUSTING.
The crazy burst of strength for slapstick purposes going on here?
maybe i should've worded that better
Rule 32: You must have pictures to prove our statement
Here, try on this couch too.
dat kitchen sink
That couch...
WHAR IS THE RARITYS
dat Fainting Couch
Foreshadowing. Of the power of love.
I would LOVE it if when Sweetie Bell said *Marrige,* Mig Mac snaps out of it and says, "I'm out."
:D
11,01Try on ALL the dresses?
The hell is Rarity?!
nod nod nod
where did sweetie get Rarity's fainting couch from?
Shamroc: I mean, you're missing your favorite pony.
thief!
Woodenfan thanks for the heads up
Think about it.
dat rarity couche
Rarity: Out to lunch
np guyz
nod nod nod
ELEMENTS OF HARMONY!
no
04He's a bobblehead now
Rarity is on a date.
your*
NO! _rOBOTNIK
i dont even need a ytp to make a clop joke
HELEMENTS OF ARMORY!
Robotnik: NO!
Isn't more shining good?
bigmacs head = magic 8 ball
Diamonds are bad.
shiny....
"you can't afford that one either, big brother!"
it's 6:30 now!
did i misss the A movie? :(
Mario: NO!
lol
DARTH VADER: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Gold is worse...
did you see dancing?
Applebloom! Applebloom! Applebloom! Applebloom!
CCCP: Yeah. It was terrible though, s oyou didn't miss anything
maaaaaaaayyyyyyybe
Put a blindfold on there eyes
dat hop
inb4 bounce house
Pepe Le Pew?
Applebloom has Hoof-In-Mouth disease!
he become pinkie
Pinkie!
and dont get me started on wood.
So, have I missed both the movies?
04Yay, Pepe
Peepie le pew
Pepe Le Pew!
SunderlandPony89: what was it about?
Litwick: eeyup, Pinkie did that earlier too
the unstopable force of big mac in love
Pepe Le Pew os right
<3 dat refrence
08,01i bought my ex fiancee a white gold engagement ring
Hey everypony
what are the odds
DARTH VADER? where?!!!
yeah, he's unstoppable
yaks now cannon
Hello DoublePint
what was its name?
wow
Big mac is super strong
Where's Applebloom Applebloom Applebloom Applebloom Applebloom
08,01she was really pale, so it suited her really well
dat voice crack
00,02Big Mac is the Juggernaught
O_o
Applebloom! AppleblooM!
DIGGY DIGGY HOLE
Phase4: inb4 that becomes a new meme
LETS KILL THEN
NOT BERRY PUNCH
THE JUGGAHNAUGHT, BEEYTCH
Can pull a house, can't lift a cake Phase4
+Phase4 EEEEEEEEEEEEEYUP
my wine cellar! it's back there!
Pulls house but cant carry cake.....seems legit
Poor Berry Punch......
Boing boing boing. . .
he belongs in the XStallions
And yet, it's a CAKE that keeps him down. A FREAKING. CAKE.
Poor Berry Punch
05,15I'm a dward and I'm digging a hole
08,01poor berry
I am too drunk for this BS
Has anypony seen DerpStar today?
Berry Pubch stopped drinking for a week after this.
Shit always happens to berry punch
Guile's Theme
/me snuggles TheRainbowDash
NOPONY BEATS JUUUUUUUUUGEEEEERRRRRRRNAAAAUUUUUUT
skipping yay
SEE THAT GIRL
fluttercry: DIGGY DIGGY HOLE!
dshannon: I'm trying to get drunk right now );
oh just wait
thats why your house needs a solid foundation
inb4 no one plays dwarf fortress fluttercry
00,10dynamic exit
lol
One wonders how they dug a hole that deep so quickly
Fail
woa
oh noes its Sweetiepoo
00,02thats a strong rope
04BERPY DER
fail
just wait
My parents actually got on my case because I didn't want them to see Dragonball Evolution
Derp
lol
dat leg twitch
05,15But...I got that from the Yogscast
HA!
Why does Rarity have shovels =OOOO
why can't he just hop out?
its the sex pitt
He is going to bounce out
a small town bans dancing and kevin bacon shows up and teaches the other kids to rebel by dancing
04UH OH
oh snap
00,03Not deep enough D:
oh gawd
DYAAAAAAAAAAH
Phase4 it's candlejack's best kind of ro
Litwick: didn't they know you were trying to save them?
Litwick Same here
GO GO GO
The Power of love!
No use of doors....
SHOOOOOOOOOOPY DOOOOOOO
SIEGEBREAKER
I guess not, night everypony
O.o
and the CHEERILEE STRONG!
Doors are for sissies.
So if ponies hop when they're in love, is Pinkie hiding a secret crush?
ahhhh......the power of love
04HERRRRPA DERRRRRRRRP
INTO THE SEX PIT!
She does teach Phys Ed also-- she's gonna be in shape.
*twitch* *twitch*
heres CHERILEE
oh my god
SHOOPY DOOOOOOO WHERE ARE YOU
Cheerilee apparantly has super-strength too. :P
00,02Dken2021, XD
and takes out his anger by dancing/training angrily in a warehouse
Seriously, the power of Love is scary
05,15Yes Blaze she likes you
otakon: Yes, they nrepsonded with "shut your mouth".
And it ends
Massive strength boost due to the power of love. Let's see. What was it that saved the day at the end of S2 again
fluttercry: :O
Blaze: pinkie loves everypony
why not glue their eyes shut? that would work
FUCK FUCK NOOOOOOOOOOO
Trying to past a sealed metal gate? get cheerilee
Litwick: the fools FOOLS I say
LOL
Why didnt queen chrysalis use a love posion on Shining Armor?
LOL
BONK
08,01slowmopoto
Am I pit?
And the main characters are a bunch of moronic teenagers who should of been hit by a semi
08,01slow motion pony tumble
Am I Pit?
DAT FACE:D
Yeeup
dose sex eyes
SCARY SLO MO
FlareChaserxOctavia: magic
lol Litwick
eeeyup
YES
Hey Woodenfan, do you think Ask Jappleack sucks too? I thought it's gotten interesting since .MOV Applejack/Jappleack has been sucked into the "real" FiM world (Which is called Equestria Prime in it) and she can't go back to the .MOV-verse.
Yes, love is scarily powerful in Equestria...
weird
eenope
kk
oh
FlareChaserxOctavia: because changelings can´t afford potions
00,10she sounds like the lady from ave Q
She sees the implications.
id watch it
WONT EXPLAIN
08,01hahahaha
Firaga: :|
Sumica: she does
Wow. I just now realized how much foreshadowing is going on here. This ep is even better now.
WON'T
NUTTY
I'm glad I missed the movie then.
I've not watched the .mov series, just too grim for me.
USE GEASS TO MAKE THEM FORGET!
my god, I cant unhear that now, Sumica
for your punishment you will f... applebloom!
K_A: eeyup, the power of Love is horrifying powerful
Hearts hooves.
It's like Nibbler's shadow in S1E1 Futurama.
They SHOULD of gotten hit. They didn't
ditto Woodenfan
I don't care what others say, I love this episode.
I did like the line "What do you think of Men At Work?" "where do they work?"
No pony can poni poni two ponis to poni.
D'aaaaaaaaw
K_A: oh yeah....
I love this episode for the song
04Dear Celestia
it sounds horrible thoughh
Are you sure?
Blaze: but she already used it on them...
Beeping applebloom
Shipping
04SMOOPY DO
no pony should pony what pony can pony
NOT EVER.
00,10were suss
nopony except Candace
Scootaloo is such a tomboy
...Unless that pony is Cadence, apparantly...
even when there are no good candidates.
08,01NOW KISS
unless you are cadence ~
lol Ghosties
04-Ghosties
Pony pony pony pony pony pony pony.
XD I LOVE THIS EPISODE!
00,03No pony can pony two ponies
the power of love, the most strongest deus ex machina trope ever
inb4 this episode got banned in india
I love scootaloo's voice
Nooooooooooo!
I like this episode. It's not the best, but...
Eyup
then you can make them be together
Yeeup
otakon: do you?
Sex Time =/
Firaga: why would it get banned?
lol, Firaga
Does Scootaloo have a family? How is she still alive?
*Cadence
because aranged marrage
All I hear is that damn poop.
CCCP: Yes ..........WAIT NO DAMMIT!
Princess Celestia: .....Where the hell is my letter?
eayup
Pony Labour
Wat
no one knows Woodenfan
umm
Trollilee
xXxScoot_CommandoxXx talk to cadence and tell me the same later
INB4 DARTH VADER's: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
otakon: hahahaha
Blaze: LOL
jk
TROLLS
THEFUCK
RELATIONSHIP IS CANON
stop eating yourself sweetie bell!
and nothing explicit happened!
Trolls
They are evil. EVIL, I say!
RP in #rp if you like
trolololo
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
for some reason they remade it a year or two ago
OTP!
lol trolls
Hehehe. . .
*claps*
=)
LordCelestia: DON'T SEND US TO THE MOON! WE PROMISE TO SEND YOU ONE NEXT WEEK!
and now ytp
i wont ship you otakon
yay
08,01*clops*
trololol
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO hohohohoho
yaplap time?
one...more...PLEASEEEEE
Welp, I'm gonna head out
I like this episode.
youtube poops now plz?
me too
Well I'm out, night all.
sweetie belle just ate her hooves
08,01otakon: hey, it's how ponies clap!
Dream of Ponies DERP
FRIENDDSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I Want Hetalia!
Later DERPDERPDERPDERP.
night SunderlandPony89 take care
awww bye SunderlandPony89
Bye SunderlandPony89
Ninjazz|Tired: you need to look at your brain
otakon: because some of them usually arrange marriage for their kids since theyre still kids
I WANT HETALIA
Ciao bronies!
i shall
Dat postshow
NO HETALIA.
Bronystate.
Peace giuse
kenne, Chrysalis, RX-78-SweetieBot you guys still up?
YAY HETALIA!
OWNED
SunderlandPony89 GTFO!!!
00,10ok and now for what we were all going on about
Later Brony123.
08,01what is Hetalia?
wait more movies?
BRONYSTATE
0.o
yay ytp
I'll be right back.
Love the logo!
DYAAAAAGH
Sumica: should I take cover?
I do not want to see gen hetalia
is it finished now??
i just had the trippiest hour and a half ever
Hetalia is a anima
otakon: si senor
/me glomps on IshMangoPony before he leaves
oh hell yes!
lol
bronystate
Hetalia is a Anime/Manga
wooooot
Well that figures.
Owait...
lolz
YES!
OH GOD
Welp
cya SunderlandPony89
i'm better now, and have a manga to show you ^^
I love this one.
Wtf
dat rd\
GLITTER!
Yes this YTP!
LOL
love that logo
:>
lol
otakon Why, you want sexy time? :)
oh god
i Unfortunately MISSED Mst3k BUT I might see it at Euro Night.....no guarantees
:<
Sumi... :D
and youtube poop version is better
O.o
rainbowdash in the background
05,15Oh I liked this video
no
YES! YTP TIME
sus
Dat RD
Aaaaassssss
:3
ASS
XD
AAAAH
wtf
what video is this?
kenne: you up for a game sometime tomorrow?
Ms Cheerilee is a Whooooooooooooooooooooooooore
04cheep Cheep CHEEP
sososososososoososososoososos
haha
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAASS: -AVGN
so !@#$%^& much lolz
...
otakon: ugh, sure, i guess...
oh
EHEHEHEHEEHEH
What video is this?
...awww yeah!
yeah that is my rington
XD
:D
Love this music/ What is it?
Suddenly YTPMV
I don't recall this poop
/me dancing
awww
InB4 everyone has epileptic siezures...
IshMangoPony: Friendship is Fabulous - Sweetie belle made punch for you
OK, this went into awesome territory fast.
?
my head I think my blood's rushed the wrong way
he
ny!
HELLO
sauce
.....That could have been a damn good song!
Bcause I have regular epileptic fits and that scares the boys off.
|Discord|: where can i find it?
Im making Ribs :3
Let's all fuck Applebloom!
The Office
LOL
yes
05,15lol
LOL
lol
LOL
/me is ready
WHOOPS
kenne: what's wrong? I said tomorrow sometime
I Want hetalia Is a Anime/Manga
YAAAAAYY!!
08,01hahaha
O GOD
BACKWARDS*
JUMP
DERPY
can I keep you?
Pinkies4thWall: My friend gave it to me so I forgot
Brohood
inb4 whore
WHORE
Cherilee's a whore!
Cheerlie's a whooooooooooore
RARITY
DERPY AGAIN
ha
HA!
IshMangoPony: Friendship is Fabulous: Sweetie Belle made some punch for you
?
ha
04HAHAHAHA
:D
WHOIOOOOORE
TEKKEN!
hahahaa
Cheerilees a Wh*yay*re
lol SO TRUE
11,01XD
LOL
not jin!
all the good ones are teklken
eeyup
HAHAHA!!!
Macstep
WARWAR
eeeyup
eeyup
Eyup.
*tekken
MWOP MWOOOP
LOL
haha
YES WE ARE!
hehehe
LOL
and end
ow
oh man i need the name of this vid
OOPS
lol
otakon: yeah, just kinda bored. plus you always ask so far in advance. always gettin my hopes up and what not
LOL
Firaga: um.....it's ood
hahhahaa
LOL
Coommming
LOL
.-.
: O
shell !@#$ him!
XD
LOL
dang it scoots
:D
um
Scootaloo scares me... :(
WOW
it's TOMORROW
RARITY
00,03what I do?
D :
this is flawless
RAITY!@
:3
LOL
You revolt me, Mac.
THE HELL?
Untz Untz Untz
untz
ounce
unce unce unce
Oh jeez, a YTP :).
RARITY
untz
LOL
UNH TIS
LOL
=/
unts unts unts
dat twistep
/me doof doof doof doof
08,01unce unce
GLITTER
RAT
I'd read a book on Pinkie Pie
RAT
this is too awesome for youtube
:D
Pinkie P:ioe!
ohai otakon XD
okay the hell is going on?
=/
oh god!
05,15One does not simply write a book about Pinkie Pie
COMING
LOL
Part Soft
lol
damn script is acting up again
..... D :
Pinkies4thWall, that wasnt step, but ok
Guys, what would a book written by Pinkie Pie look like?
LOL
Punch!
SHuffle
o.O
PARY SOFT!
rawnch
Party soft
PAWNCH
PUWANCH
MY EARS
FALCON PAWNCH!
Everyday I'm pony'in
PAWNCH! PAWNCH! PAWNCH!
PAWNCH
:D
PUNCH
Punch, Punch! PAUNCH!
SWEETIE PUNCH
haha
PAWNCH
PAAWWNCH!
What?
YES!
YES! YES! YES! Daniel Bryan, M. Bison, and Twilight would be proud--------OR NOT! YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
YEEEEEES
lol
Very sos.
04DANIEL BRYAN
LOL
lol
YES!
04YES
04YES
I'm very SOS
04YES
Rain: :( you Rain'd on my parade
DANIEL BRYAAAAAAAN
05,15Sweetie Bison
04DAN-IEL BRY-AN
YES YEEES!!! YES!
those eyes
04DAN-IEL BRY-AN
Antoin Dote called Rapist
04*claps*
lol
cause thats what I do, Pinkies4thWall
YES!
OTP
Dress.mov sucked
wut?
selfcest
no
LOL
LOOL
no~!
=/
what is going on
NO
.mov
he is clopping
Double Cheerilee all the way across the screen!
Oooooooo. Coming
Dress was the weakest for sure.
WHOOOOOOOOOO
Sumica: oh that was what you were referring to, i forgot :P
kenne: as I was saying, it's only tomorrow, not like it's 6 weeks from next tuesday, but before the new moon of the month at 7:12 pm PST when it's raining.
and hwy is otakon freaking out
RIC FLAIR
....My explode has minded.
UH HUH HUH UH HUH
Applebloom!
LOL
I LOVE THAT VIDEO.
remix ftw
I SAID IT
UH Uh Uhhhhhh/
oh god nooooo
O.o
I only saw Shed.Mov and Apple.mov, both scared me
08,01hahaha
:O
Molestia liked this video
and then my brain asploded
hello
Apple Bloom Apple Bloom
lolhwat]
kenne: I was kicked even though I staggered my messages and twice in a row
cum shot
What the heck is going on?
...MY EXPLODE HAS MINDED.
COM
05,15Scootaloo...uh...
'MURICA
LOL
BTW Ric Flair said WHOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
lol
what is name of this vid
00,03Yes?~
08,01dat Jean Jaques Perrey
05,15No not you!
instant pinkie
so did every one move back to the main room?
HAH!
00,03Aww :(
Eyup.
pinkie is with big mac
lol
PIT
lol
i must know this video
This is the best YTP ever.
LAWL
I think so
what is it
Best quote ever.
wah?
Pit!
or we got a netsplit
WUT
Poison
wanna join them?
we're sauce
yeah, let's go
We're sos
they're sauce?
HOW HAVE YOU GUYS NOT SEEN THIS?!
lol
05,15I have to pony a pony pony my own pony
F$%& APPLEBLOOM
Welp
LOL
WELL
ROFL
SNOOOOOOO
wut was that?
Sos forever.
no pony could pony two ponies to pony
08,01hahahahaha
YES!
hiya otakon long time no see
lol
shush and give me sauce for last vidya
F*** APPLEBLOOM
ScootaChicken: YOU'RE ON!
is someone talking?
night everypony :'(
NO YOU'RE TWATS
Molestia's Living Room
00,10Cause Dari asked
wtf did i just watch
Wow lol
Sumica: TURN IT UP DAMMIT!
ow ow ow ow ow my sides
turning up volume and recording
SLOL
Night night CCCP.
Dream of Ponies CCCP
Night CCCP
cya CCCP
god that pic is adorable
... The hell dis I just watch? o.O
00,02XD
oh lawd
Night CCCP :(
00,02ScootaChicken, ohai
/me mutes the stream
seeya CCCP!
I'm not gonna sleep tonight
dshannon: it's already on YT
05,15wat's this?
such a cute pic
HNNNNNNNNNNG
like a baus
:3
DONT CALL ME NAME ALEHANJRO
even though I love my boobs
TURN IT UP
night CCCP
:)
ScootaChicken singing.
Hnnnnnnnnnng
its Dari singing winter wrap u[
it's the guitar winterwrap up
up
oh scootachicken singing
LOL
?
WINTER WRAP UP???? YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
He started off good, but he kind of dropped the ball XD
Rain: No it's Neil
HOLY SHIT THE AWESOMENESS!
Derpy is the best pony
what is the last video called
0,14well, I'm off, later folks
00,10no it's ScootaChicken singing it
0,5OH GOD
0,5YES
ow ow ow my sides
0,5YES
fluttercry: ScootaChicken singing Winter Wrap Up as a apology to prince-lemon
TURN IT UP
oh shit it is
0,5GOD YES
00,03Oh my...
0,14enjoy the stream
:D
I'm gonna be right back Sumica
Late SaxyPretender.
TURN IT UP!
05,15Word!
Later SaxyPretender
00,10turn your own end up
00,03Later Sacy!
i cant hear sh**
00,02volumes a little low
AHAHAHAHAHAHA
00,03Sacy*
Cya SaxyPretender! Take care.
0,5YES
0,5YAY
who does this guy sound like?
00,03Sacy*
0,5HAAHHAHAHAHAHA
Is SuperBrony64 here?
08,01SCOOTS
OK. I now have new respect for the CMC's musical abilities.
00,10dari had a crap recodring
xXxScoot_CommandoxXx: TURN IT UP
SING YER HEART OUT
0,5YES
nice guitar there
<3
00,03FUUUUU
:P
prince-lemon: you are REALLY enjoying this
he kinda sounds like... Davy Jones?
Sumica, my end is all the way up, yet Im barely catching anything
SO MUCH COLOr
Dat Twixie. :D
prince-lemon: did you record this on a potato?
i shant notstop my quest of finding source for last video
This, IS, WRAP UP!
00,10it's maxed on my end
you tell he just wants it over with
what ws it
08,01HOLY SHIT SCOOTS. you need to come jam with me at BUCK
I couldn't listen to that song....to girly
OK I'm gone for the night I guess. I'll probably be back later this weekend, hopefully with my full desktop setup.
i cant heat anything something wrap up
0,5Scoots isnt even here
0,5;A;
Good night everypony. Thank you for the stream.
night K_A sleep well
08,01oh
00,03I;m right here!!
Rock off!
Cya K_A
Night K_A
then this recording just sucks. its bad and the recorder should feel bad
LordCelestia: odd, his nick is active
08,01ohai scoots
HNNNNNGGGGGGG I Can't get over all the Fillies!
Awww yea
THIS MADE MY EYES DEAF
00,03these pings, they confuse me...
Rain: the recorder is prince-lemon
what was the ytp called?
Scootachicken left a while ago
08,01scoots! BUCK! jam!
0,5I MEAN SCOOTACHICKEN
otakon: bling?
This is awesome.
you kinda have a nice voice there ScootaChicken
I know, otakon
0,5:3
00,02xXxScoot_CommandoxXx, ohai
kinda I guess lol
Hi
LordCelestia: what happens if i say your name 3 times while making bacon?
=/ i cant hear anything
LordCelestia: Are you going to send us to the moon for not sending you a letter?
08,01wait, that's nitanny?
00,03I can;t go to BU- oh you meant ScootaChicken...
0,5Lolnope
I can hear everything
TURN THE VOLUME UP
08,01wait
08,01i'm confused
08,01who's singing?
Wow...my first ever time seeing ponies on bronystate...I should come here every friday
Uh...
ScootaChicken
08,01aah, okay
00,03ScootaChicken!
:|
otakon: well yeah I know but he just reminds me of someone more famous and I can't quite decide who
0,5TodaAAAAAAAAAAAAY
08,01wrong scoots
YA
dat ending
Usher
I happen to have a Baby Grand Piano in my Living Room. Maybe if there are some other instruments among the community, maybe we can each contribute instrument parts, send it to a mod who might mix it together.
LOL
OK.....THAT was WRONG
Heeeeerre.
Kandarihu: nice man, Vi has one of those too and she loves it
08,01Kandarihu: i have a cello and i'm rather good at playing it
DONT CALL MY NAME ALEHANJRO
I missed Twilight's voice
LOL
okay dat ending
/me claps
lol
WOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
/me claps
0,5^_^
05,15DARI
OK????
*claps*
LOL
best ending evah
I have an electric piano, 151 different sounds :D
/me laughs and crys in pain and humor
Ohai
?
but were awesome douchebags
XD
00,03>alehanjro
Trolled us like a boss
HEYEAEAYAYA
DOUCHES
0,5AHLLEHANCHJROW
LOL
00,03and I said HEYEYEYEY
Scoot-Scootaloo: No! Not that! Please.
BING
why does this sound like the boondocks?
08,01pony_911: nope
that's who it was
WHAT'S GOING OOOOOOOON
Wrekky.
bing bing bing s bing
YES
XD
00,10dari and his lack of editing
PLEASE
NOW
0,5Guys this isnt live
I didn't upload it
I remember when we said FREEEEEEBIIIIIIIRRRRRRD
0,5calm yourselves
Is this going to be like this for the rest of the night?
:P
DO IT LIVE
Sumica: screw editing!
The picture is ADORABLE!!! AAAAGGGHH
blakka blakka blakka blakka blakka
XD
00,02this was live once
SCREW IT, WE'LL DO IT LIVE
hehehehe
It should be
DO IT LIVE, FUCK IT!
00,03I musy sing Heyeyey. It is my destiny~
okay, gonna play team fortress 2. Bleah.
00,03must*
Pwwwwwwnnnnnned!
that was fucking beutiful
anyone wanna join?
HEYEAEA YA YA
bye Woodenfan have fun!
You'll record it, and we'll do it live!
I believe this is known as... evil.
DO IT LIVE! I CAN GO RIGHT THERE AND WE'LL DO IT LIVE!
I could sing anything from Trololol to Heyheyhey
who the hell is talking behind the screen
Stupid thing sucks!
Wait, Gavin... ROOSTERTEETH?
Scoot-Scootaloo: DO IT MAN
All the meme songs
08,01
FUCKING THING SUCKS!
LOL
YAY GAVIN
1.....2.....3......
;)
08,01okay ponies, it's been fun, but i'm off to bed
ohhh yeah dat fluttershy
Dem Sexy Books.
0,5AH
0,5LOUD
yay
EAR RAPE
BOOKSS!!!
Well, I got to go for a while. Later
:)
bye Saigneur
MY EARZ!!!
oh god intense volume!
Read them
pony_911: the one calling us douches was ScootaChicken and the other was prince-lemon
AND I'M GONNA READ IT
MY EARS
SEXYBOOKS ARE SEXY
00,10learn to auto balence ^_^
YAY PROPAGANDA
:$
wut u talkin bout?
00,02READ
FFFFF-
its not loud
PROPAGANDA TIME
04What is this genre of music that you kids listen to these days
0,5And theyre DAMN SEXY
burn all the dubstep!
SEXY
Dam Sexy Books
Sumica: THE HELL MAN you nearly broke ma drums
oh that's right, it takes 11 hours to download
X-TREME READING!
otakon what?
08,01night all
/me dances to this song
:[ extreme!
IM SMACKING MY KEYBOARD HARD
00,03DAYUM they're sexy~
Ghosties I think it's called rubslide
I should read more books.
05,15Daft Punk> any dubstep artist
oh dammit,chat borked brb
/me does not read
im reading as we speak
11,01All types of boks
04Is that supposed dubstep thing I hear about so often?
kirzstryfe: Can I do asdfasdfasdf? :P
Agreed, fluttercry.
Well, all my friends are assholes now.
so much what fluttercry said
fluttercry: amen
i dont read at all
BOOOOOOOKS
0,5YES
NO
Are... are you counting the chat log as "reading"?
MUST....READ....BOOKS....ABANDON.....BRONYSTATE....FOR....BOOKS
FlareChaserxOctavia: :(
SHOO BE DOO
SHOO BEE DOO
yay
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DO!
:$
OH NO NO NO NOOOOO
0,5YA
god no11 im reading as we speak
:D
SHOO BE DOO
FlareChaserxOctavia: :(
00,10oki this is it for me, not sure who is gonna post show
DA FUQ?
YEEEEES
ah hell no...
wtf?
and then bacon and applejack with da seaponies!
not you guys
CALL UPON THEM!
/me reads 5 year old text cause it is so unorganized.
arise for the bronystate national anthem
NO PLEASE NO
WTF?!?!
SHOO BE DOO, SHOO SHOO BE DOO!
my IRL friends
SOS!
Nope
BEST MEME OF BRONYSTATE
0,5SOS :)
oh god
anyone thinking sea ponies will come to G4 soon?
anyways, time to play TF2
OAR!
sus
I'm back
I'd stream IF I WAS A MOD >:(
FlareChaserxOctavia: :'(
again?
SHOO BE DOO
YEah
SHOO BE DOO!
I lov Megan's look, like "huh?"
this is scary
Fleur de Sea~
PLEASE MAKE IT STOP:O
BRONYSTATE'S #1 MEME
man i wanna stream cool stuff
SHOO SHOO BE DOO
Honestly, the song is catchy
SEA PONIES?
sure are a lot of triplet sea ponies
Can I say that Megan's pretty hot?
Sea Ponies
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DO
dis aint right
Next season, i hope they find the sea ponies... and they are mutated into horrible sea monsters and trying to take over canterlot. :P
Woodenfan: yeah, sure why not.
copypasta ponies
So bad
Woodenfan if you're 10, I'll let it slide
Sea ponies make CJ happy
thx
creamytaco: it's no worse then your nick
BTW It's not A BIG LIPPED ALLIGATOR MOMENT
strong as hell bubble btw
I think I am going to cry
DA FUQ IS THIS. DA FUQ IS THAT.
Sumica
Mother of Celestia.... DID CELESTIA COMMIT GENOCIDE TO THE SEAPONIES?
Two words: Seapony pirates.
Dark92Enigma: that rainbow song was a BLAM
what gives you that idea Twi_Fi ?
I dunno, every song is nearly a BLAM...especially the rainbow song
Oh god why oh god why.....
It's bacon and Applejack! IT was grate! :D
BACON AND APPLEJACK
05,15it's bacon and applejack!
it's BACON AND APPLEJACK!
^^
this is when discord was in charge....
Ohai Firefly.
lol bacon?
I'm not sure.....
Somewone needs to do a G4 style animation for this song.
0,5IT WAS GREAT
ITS PIG MEAT AND JAPPLEACK
otakon Yes, but this one doesn't <-----
bacon and applejack goes great with applejack daniels
Ninjazz|Tired: :)
0,5==============
read a book read a book
i am now blind and death
Just a strange feeling.
It was grape!
Dan: Thanks for noticeing
JUST CALL!!!! WE GOT YOUR NUMBER
STUPID SEA MONKEYS
00,10it was great~
NO
AJ used to be a little slow, didnt she?
its offline =/
Can...can I stream?
o snap
I-am-42: are you really that age? bc if so you are the SECOND oldest person on chat
00,03needs more green bacon
refresh!!!
But.... who's next?
offline?
OH GOD OFFLINE!
no, Woodenfan
PANIC!
naaaaaaaaaaaaw
:(
00,03~~~~~~
Thanks Sumi! One hell of a time!
ffffffffffffffffffffff
Rain: well she was a silly pony
WHERE IS MY TOWEL
GAAAAH
05,15Nobody is streaming panic!
I'd stream somewhere else, but who'd come?
PANIC DAMMIT!
G1 Applejack had a SONG written about her... less than sharp mind.
Thanks for the stream, Sumica
well i'm going mow
otakon why the thing beford?
KHAAN
now*
/me panics at teh disco
I would sing trololol but that song is too !@#$%^& repetive.
Dream of Ponies AJ
lol where did everyone come from?
00,10Might stream dome defenders if I get it set up before any one takes over
NEVER
dunno, Woodenfan, but you couldnt advertise it here
If you say so, fluttercry. *Takes deep breath* AAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!H!!!!
pony_911: you asked who was talking, I told you
o hai otakon
BACON AND APPLEJACK!!!
THERE'S TOO MANY PEOPLE
11,01Nobody is panic streaming.
Kencolt and yet she's more popular than G4 applejack
DON'T PANIC! Remember where your towel is
Oh come on
?
I CAN'T TAKE IT
hiya StupidSexyCJ
/me panics with Nittany_Discord
my stream is offline
/me uses Draco Meteor on ReshZek200
Biglaw you watch RT too?
Streaming is nobody panicking
I bought that Lucid Dream mask and it works...my dreams are like heaven for me
MahBoi777: read a mothafuckin book
00,03No fighting in the war room!
offline!! :O
I WANT ON I WANT ON
11,01LordCelestia: and Applejack.
^
Thanks Sumi! It wAS So. Awesome.!
where can I stream...hmmmmmmm
can we fight in the fighting room?
D:
/me 11,01nukes Scoot-Scootaloo
Woodenfan: Livestream, go there
Scoot-Scootaloo: rofl
well, gnight...
Superbrony64: plz stream some KOTH
Woodenfan: Try Twitch
night PinkiePie...........oh dammit
you may wait here in the sitting room, or you may sit here in the waiting room!
I don't want to read THOSE kind of books!
00,03Whowants to hear me sing!
SCOOT SCOOT SCOOTALOO
ME
Well, this is depressing...
no
:O
SING SING SING
Night PinkiePieFTW
00,03lol nah~
/me raises hand
00,10good gog, noting but people i know starting games all the way up the side of my screen
DO EEEEI!
Scoot-Scootaloo: ME!!!!
G1 Sea Ponies killed the RD Stream
Scoot-Scootaloo: sing HEYEAEA YA YA
CREAMYTACO WANTS STREAM ONLINE!!!!!!!
lol
Dken2021: you may wait here in the sitting room, or you may sit here in the waiting room!
streamin streamin where can I do it
00,03Too late for me~
I will shove a push pop so far up my mouth that I can taste it! YUM
00,10lolwut, how can they sell EvE online on steam. the game is free, just monthly
"THOSE?" oh my
05,15Well I'm off to. Stay gold Bronystate!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ5LpwO-An4
lol
05,15too*
00,03later fluttercry!
HEY....LET'S ALL SING A SONG
Sumica, inb4 team fortress 2
Dream of Ponies Fluttercry
seeya fluttercry
Cya fluttercry!
night night fluttercry
bye Fluttercry
Bye fluttercry
Darkts3: You HAD to linke that?
i like pianos
Ghosties: hey... um you still there?
need help with the RD face......./)^u^(\ It looks like this, right?
yah |Discord| we're all bored
Darkts3: I love you :)
Night fluttercry
00,03I can play the piano :3c
Im not bored..
:'(
04Mhm
Dark92Enigma: nope /)^3^(\ close
no post stream show this week?
bye flutter_cry
I would stream but most likely I would be SUPER REJECTED
Scoot-Scootaloo: Play all mozart songs to amuse me
so, if anyone's interested, I found a playlist of every season of teen titans
and I am not mod so lolz
00,10nah Firaga, Dungion Defenders
Ghosties, please dont kick me for sucking so bad....http://derpy.me/q3s8Z
00,03MLG Piano skills!
Scoot-Scootaloo I used to take lessons, and I make music sometimes :)
|Discord| you dont have the ability to stream
I don't know what to do with myself...
Scoot-Scootaloo: Lucky
:O :O :O
not to this site anyway
if i knew how to be a composer i would make some awesome music
kicked
dont think shes there
Rain: I just said that !@#$%^!!!
hi
XD
oh god my little brother is watching MAD....
and?
Oh snap
damn, I probably missed some good movies tonight :/
?
mother of god
04Very cute, panda
Firaga: cover his eyes!
hello!!!
http://whatshouldwecallme.tumblr.com/post/18645045446/trying-to-get-ready-for-bed-after-taking-too-much
Ghosties: XD thank you :D
whats MAD?
mad is sucha terrible show
now wut
FlareChaserxOctavia: Who does your dA art?
04You should include a link to the clip in the ep that I was talking about though :P
Firaga Mad on Cartoon network or Mad on Comedy Central?
05,15Scratch that I'm back
Mad is another wierd show on cartoon network
hai fluttercry again!
lawl
SparklyWaffles: That link made me lolz so hard I just took a big Macontosh to the knee
Ohai fluttercry
hey guys......i made my oc "The darkness" and he has a son "nightmare"
Welcome back fluttercry
05,15Okay, now I'm back for real
Mad's too surreal for me. I love the magazine, but the show's a bit kid oriented
hinflutter_cry
one does not simply escape bronystate, fluttercry
i only watch CN because of adventure time
Gunthler: RaveBrony and panda_
How so?
04MADTv was much better
|Discord|: XD
MAD is basically an animated version of the classic (And nearly dead) humor magazine.
What movies were shown?
fluttercry have you ever played Amnesia: The Dark Descent?
thanks Darkts3 I needed that
04The animated show is retarded
pony_911: and regular show...
^
04But the actual sketch comedy show back in the day was pretty awesome
for the BMN
05,15I have not, but I'd like to
Twi_Fi: Footloose and that MST3K with the time plane
Reg Show is like a drug...
fluttercry same here
Mad seems to sew two things together and hilarity ensues
Ghosties
agrre
were they good?
agree
Ah Footloose doesn't sound too interesting.
I'm on Ustream sooooooooooooo...
Biglaw i played it.....
Regular show is great
05,15Oh I read "the regular show is retarded." I was about to get down on some fools
so is Adventure time
time chasers was hilarious
Well, I'm out for now. Laters.
I caught the very tail end of the MST3K time plane movie.
Regular show....I really don't like that show.
pony_911 and now you never want to turn off a light again??
xDDD
Dream of Ponies Kencolt
/me waves.
later Kencolt
Bye Kencolt
/me dances
Needless to say, I was lost.
footloose is a movie that is almost inexplicably famous
bye Kencolt
fluttercry: um... would you kick me if I agree with that statement? :(
lol
04Adventure Time is better than Regular Show anyways
sorry, guys, but Regular show is too surreal for me. I don't like the comedy either.
Biglaw that game @#$% up my mind
/me fkees
besides being the movie that launched Kevin Bacon's career
05,15nah
It takes TOTALLY RADICAL and ramps it up
Regualr show is great, weird,b ut great
pony_911 I enjoy that kind of stuff
Neither AT or RS do anything for me.
nigga reg show is da shit
I dont like the regular show or advernture time....
Regular Show is brilliant I think
Regular show at least makes every episode so random that you dont know what will happen
Twi_Fi: I showed up at the same time but I'd seen it like three times before
thats the best part of it
Pretty acurate http://whatshouldwecallme.tumblr.com/post/18643024755/when-i-see-a-bee
I hate to sound stupid, but is there a way to show the computer screen on a stream?
00,03Welp, I'm done for the night. 
Biglaw you watch RT too?
night scoot
night Scoot-Scootaloo
because I use my time wisely
Bye Scoot-Scootaloo
00,03Nigh't y'all! And don;t steal any lemons~
cya Scoot-Scootaloo
I'm just happy that I caught a pony episode.
nighty Scoot-Scootaloo
night Scoot-Scootaloo I'll try not too
night Scoot_Scootaloo
Night night Scoot-Scootaloo.
even if it was Hearts and Hooves?
04>>
05,15inb4 he comes back like I did
04I love how the chat got deathly silent
Yeah, it's not one of my favorties, but it's still fun to watch.
lol
/me steals prince-lemon
it has its moments
awkward silence?
11,01Aww, I missed Scoots leaving.
its not silent.. im jst looking for something witty to say :D
there was a ghastly noise. Then a ghastly silence.
Many scenes are cute or funny.
Well I am shoving off. Thanks for the great time guys and I will most likely vist regualry from now on. So see ya Bai!
>.>
<.<
Night |Discord|.
08,01ohai derpy!
Derpy <3
night |Discord|
/me 08,01hugs Derpy_Hooves
meh....i'm silent by nature, so.....
bye |Discord|
dat jelly pony always makes me laugh
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qEjGsegAwpI
But yeah, the overall story of the episode didn't really appeal to me.
11,01Derpy_Hooves! *dusts*
|Discord|: to quote a different MST3K, no, YOU shove off!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ5LpwO-An4
Bye
ill just leave it there
Octavias_Pride: what was that? I couldn't hear you
BACK TO XD SHADOW SPINARAK YOU'LL BE MIIIIINE
Ok...bye |Discord| we'll meet again
Yes, dat jelly pony.
05,15Refresh everybody!
that guy gets it
Lemongrab is best grab
00,02ohai Derpy_Hooves
05,15I hear Dari
lol
F5
silence OF THE FUTURE!!!
fluttercry, naaaah, I dont feel like it
/me adds two "s"'s in princess-lemon's name, making him princess-lemon
*refreshes*
00,02suddenly dari
Gaym
hai hai hai everyone :3
prince-lemon? :S
11,01Maybe Derpy_Hooves can help me with something.
Hello Derpy_Hooves!
hey kids! im Flare!
00,03FUUU-
what are the numbers OF THE FUTURE? mason?
oi o/
get out flare
Hi Derpy_Hooves
hi Flare
what is dis
hi Derpy_Hooves
prince-lemon: i can hear your sexy voice yay! :)
00,03Just as I was going to sleep...
DeathStar OK, Back to the Awesome RD Face.......i guess it SHOULD BE A default emoticon, if you know what i mean.....
Hello Derpy_Hooves
what are we watching? :3
hi Derpy_hooves
Hello FlareChaserxOctavia
04HAHA HE CAME BACK
What is this/
04Hai Scoots :>
What are we watching? :|
hello everyone :3
Dark92Enigma-: yeah you don't wat people over useing it
brb
o hai Derpy_Hooves
Hi Derpy_Hooves :3
00,03It better be worth it, Ghosties...
Dat CrazyMonkeyGames.Com
Name is Flare
prince-lemon: something, call it something.
a flash game?
04Hehe
k :3
this sounds like something from Everquest
04:P
05,15CALLED IT HE CAME BACK
anyone remember that/
Ghosties: who are we watching? :P
who's streaming?
im just repling to all of you, you guys keep re-pinging me D:
Durrgarrr of Drugantin
replying*
Durrgurr of the future!
D3's story in a nutshell here
04We're watching Dari play Durrgarr
brb everypony ^^
bizarro canterlot
2,14 DURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
11.•10«11WB10 (Kosoveon10) 11WB10»11•. 10- since the aforementioned eggs aren't even fertilized
02*WB03(Kosoveon03)02WB* - <Kosoveon> caution, the banana drops are poisonous
DeathStar.....OF COURSE.....that is one of the many cons
PING
k thx DeathStar
nice :3
haaha this will be great!!
PING
Derpy_Hooves: le ping
ping
nu
anybody know the anime that is azumanga like and is shown on bronystate?
It's Spike! :O
classic maiden in distress
prince-lemon: Denied.
nyeh
Hey look... its Nefarian
6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_9 6_
I'm drawing EPIC Discord!
whpa
WHOA
Starburst_Angel FLCL?
dat spam
whippedcream69: wall of DERP
inb4 kicked
Dat Wall of Derp
05,15inafter
not flcl
The hell is this?
and then someone's spamming emotes. . . again
and kick
And then they will fight each other for the princess.
WhippedCream69: DAMMIT I CHALLENGE YOU TO TEAR DOWN THIS WALL
whoa this
dat mouth movement
I hope the voices get sillier
TALLY HO!
2,14 TALLY-HO!
prince-lemon: HOLY SHIT I'VE PLAYED THIS BEFORE!
has anyone seen Vi as of late?
OK..............gonna go to sleep.......bye everypony......(The) Show (Is) Off! for now.........
Taaaaally-hooo!
HALLY TO!
bye Dark92Enigma-
http://imgur.com/YiA7j,H03g7
anyone excited for Dragon's Lair Kinnect? yeah me neither
Where are my friends? :'(
taaaaaaaaaaly-hoooooooo
"it means that no one played final fantasy 4"
chat=silence
YOU AREN'T SAYING IT RIGHT!!!!!
TALLY HO!
The anime that I am thinking about has the robot girl.
05,15lol this is amazing
Dark92Enigma-: it's back on, refresh
TALLY-HOOOOO
TALLY HO!
*SHAKES FIST*
Tally must be his Hoe
xDD
.....
Dem Hooooos
pffftt
TALLY HO!
HALLY TO!
TALLY-HOOO!
will the voices get sillier prince-lemon ?
Tally has a lot of hoes.
00,10oh hell I forgot tally-ho came from this
00,03Get all dem hoes~
oi drf|mibbit [AUS] School Of Rock Coming to Blu-Ray June 27th-
2,14 http://i142.photobucket.com/albums/r118/ValtheJean/Preview.jpg
Snake: " The enter key hu?"
:O
Ghosties: MALLY POEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
inb4 Prince-lemon's new catchphrase is "Tally Hooooooooooo"
TALLY HO!
Caramel: lol
BILLY MAYS HERE!
WHERE ARE MY FRIENDS :[
just like superbrony's is "Moo"
Tally hosers is more like it.
/me is indifferent to tally ho
COMPLEX
i don't know when YOU get it though
/me otakon: zips mouth, locks it, buries the key, builds a house, pushes it on top of the hole
TALLY HO!
don't see one on Amazon
$18NZD? which is p. cheap
Taaaaaaally- hoooooooooooooooo!
-_-
/me tought tally ho came from FF4
TALLY MAH HOE
2,14 RALLY-FOE!
tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho! tally-ho!
Dken2021: Do YOU remember me?
http://www.blu-ray.com/movies/School-of-Rock-Blu-ray/41346/
eeyup: dat wall of tallyho
http://www.avsforum.com/avs-vb/showthread.php?t=1402799
KILL IT WITH FIRE!
http://www.mightyape.co.nz/product/Blu-ray/School-of-Rock/19762010/
eeyup: nope
Rainbow should I?
Dat wall of yally ho
eeyup: no need for that much spam
Rainbow I think
nice
uhhhh what's this?
eeeeeeyup
we need mods to start giving warnings.. we're having way too many text walls
vat game is dis?
can you buy that for me? LOL I'd ask for an ISO but that would take you like a century and a half to upload
05,15They're getting kicks
dshannon: Flash game on Newgrounds
http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=school+of+rock#/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=school+of+rock+blu-ray&rh=i%3Aaps%2Ck%3Aschool+of+rock+blu-ray
not that it would take ages
but >BW
........okay.......then
theres no such thing as being overpowered
otakon: Actually it said CrazyMonkeyGames
dshannon: a pretty fun throwback to 16 bit RPG's
Dken2021: Why are all of my friends gone? Where is alexxm, TheRainbowDash, and all the rest? :'(
Darkts3: thay do seem to be kicking the people who make them quick though
woah it's in Final Fantasy style I just realized
I thought your connection was slow as well as limited?
Ninjazz|Tired: it's ON Newgrounds
that.....or its an insult to them
otakon: Main Menu siad so, just saying.
NEFERIAIAIAIAN
Rainbow: they where here this morning
mb, but speed idc
WHAT IS A MAN?!
I love it when things are self-aware.
/me huggles Rainbow "no worries, I'm here for ya"
is this a real dragon?
ummmmmmmmmmmm now wut
Sorry but your Princess is in another castle!
DeathStar: Then, I'm somewhat scared.
might the dragon??????????
What if the Princess wants to be with bowser, BUT MARIO KEEPS ON KIDNAPPER
that's my point
lol Slay you THE MIGHTY dragon
D:
is this a recording?
Dken2021: I dunno
Ninjazz|Tired: that is WHO MADE IT, it's hosted on Newgrounds and you can dl .swf's and just open them back up in a browser
Ohai DeathStar I missed your dancing. :D
so..whats up BlueFlare?
prince-lemon: is this a recording?
*throws a wine glass*
2,14 I am so very happy right now
what is this?
Gunthler: yes you did
Dken2021: You could picure me as some incarnation of Dashie.
but enough talk. HAE AT YOU
have*
otakon: Do you research these things?
/me uses himself
Caramel: what ya happy for?
Ninjazz|Tired: no, I played it
Hmm intersting RPG
Rainbow ah ok then
2,14 cause DURRRRGARRRRR is back
SMITE EVIL!
Very well.
bad timing
inb4 ffs
dugar/
That dragon is big.
no
use the stat spells, they're useful
I'm using teamviewer
just updated palemoon and want to restart so the new icon refreshes
dari is mad.
your timing is bad and you should feel bad
I keep resource-editing mine to change it from the moon icon to the fox icon
Why? Because I can
derp
he should play rhythm heaven
05,15blame it on the lag
Blame it on the lag
So it has timed hits like Paper Mario
Dari, blame the lag all you want ;).
Well little brother, it is time we settled this!
yay!
lol is mips ded? :D
fluttercry: :O
Bring it on!
sure, blame it on lag
mips died? :L
FIGHT!
mips is gone. :D
poor mips
*Takes out lightsaber
RIP mips. :D
man i've been in such a sour mood lately, my little cousin wants me to take her to seaworld, and (behind my back) bought two season passes, and gave one of them to me, to try and cheer me up
*Takes out sword of saviors
The Damage is over 9000!
/me noms on mips
wait, so what happened to mips?
I feel like playing pokemon now :/
mips. :D
bye guys
ugly Princess
meh I'm gonna go
*attacks
Derpy_Hooves: but but, seaworld has whhaaaaaalessssss
*attacks
this isn't that entertaining
Princess Manface
well could be worse, the princess could be a clown
....
TOGETHER!
05,15"wallet"
Derpy Derpy Derpy Derpy Derpy :3
lol
she's a girl?
adios everypony
Peyton: AAAAAAAHHHHH!
who?
00,02I KNEW IT
05,15Where was Goznor?
tweest
mips. :L
DAT FANTASY!
back, browser derped.
all a dream?
TEEEST
Where was Gondor when it was implied in the word Goznor?
this is some mother 3 bullshit right here
*attacks have at thee!!!
NewDCD killed mips. :d
00,03kk, I'm passing out
05,15Bear Grylls own recipe
...duuuuuuude
wow, I will never look at potions the same way again :D
00,03For the record, Lemons killed mips
enjoy your staged of passed outedness, Scoot-Scootaloo
!pokemon
mips died. :D
00,03Night y'all, for real this time!
We can rebuild him, we have the technology
:(
05,15Belfan...totally not Belfast
seeya Scoot-- oh
05,15Yalort the god of YOLO
bye ScootaChicken
Eternal dragon.
2,14 Yalort: a fan of Yogurt
lol
alright then, we're gonna take out Chthulu
"in a land of everlasting dragons...."
lol
Hello everypony
Hello Nabronyan
hai Nabronyan
Hello Nabronyan.
lock ALL the houses
Nabronyan: PONIES! :D
hi Nabronyan
oh gosh XD I thought this was a lets play off youtube
prince-lemon: it's supposed to be Cockney
nopony is stupid, they lock their door
so thats how marcellus wallace looks like
otakon: Ponies. :D
he will eat your face when he is sober
Okay, this is DEFINITELY a recording
hiya Gunthler
the locks have been DOUBLED
/me locks
/me locks Nittany_Discord
its locked.
Locked! Locked everywhere!
George?
spoiler Its locked
that's my name
George is locked
SB64 is going to bed
seems the town knew there were main characters were coming so they locked their doors to prevent thieving
/me 11,01is locked
This computer is locked
it's locked
well that's certainly unlike any game like it
door.exe has stopped
00,02i didnt hear any australian
05,15wut
door.exe has locked. :D
lol
:D
05,15He's sleeping in your bed
:o
SuperBrony64: you going to bed?
telleporting door
lilanea is manly
2,14 Durrgarr just doesn't like to sleep "alone"
.....wut
"adventure" if you know what i mean
SuperBrony64: nom. :3
05,15A
!pokemon
6AM, my parents are going to kill me
ReshZek200, you are a 12Gastly.
B
c
kill the mum
A
Caramel: the HELL is Durrgarr?
A
C
b
EWWW
A
C
XD
C!
A
wut game is dis?
A
I think you pressed "F."
one does not simply kill a muffin!
lol
A
05,15A WINS
D
A
C
2,14 Otakon: that's Duegan mother fucker
42
Q
A
A, obviously
mfw it's a recording
I think the letter....R?
A,B,C,D,E. . .
00,02D
(A+B) C = Z
Boo~
other way around
yay
tell her you're a brony, see how she takes it
ASDFASDF
ded
05,15B
Darf14: :)
lol
thats bad dari.
A
B
well brb/bbl or something
obviously the main hero has a single parent
2,14 Dari: why else would she make the kids leave during the day?
Q
B
A
B
Q
G
put them IN. alphebitacle order
hey otakon i found a great book for you http://www.scribd.com/doc/59043288/Basic-Ship-Theory-Vol1-3rd
B
PINGS.. OF THE FUTURE
1
you know. A B C D
lol
Derpy Derpy Derpy Derpy
Ghost Dad?
05,15yup, batshit crazy
lol
RaveBrony is dead, but he still watches over me.
goddammit twilight_sprinkle
lol
ME Me mE me
Enki!
Everlasting_Joy: hey have u read it yet?
backstory!
GOD TEH VOICES THEY BURN ME SO!
A Purple dragon, it must be Spike :O
Derpy erpy hurpy lerpy Derpy
lol otakon . anyway r u rdy for round 2?
lol having children ruins everything
"and we had copious amounts of fornication"
:V
05,15He didn't weigh that much?
incorporeal?
2,14 I am Error
he was Kira
your dad is celestia
05,15He owned a Death Note
WHAT!
I AM MOIST
he was a liutenant for marineford
o hia MoistFuture
He had a speshul note book.
twilight_sprinkle: no, I didn't study up for it sadly. Too busy playing Dragon's Dogma
/me moistens up MoistFuture
Bronysith: No,I put it on my tomorrow projects.
prince-lemon: it's his alignment!
well then he wasn't honest
Everlasting_Joy: okay
a lie of omission is still a lie
11,01Can't find that Hearts and Hooves YTP played earlier.
otakon: lazy student.
prince-lemon: everyone is that world has a elemental affinity tied to themselves
wtf is this?
He is Solaire of Astora
Bronysith: I've still got it on my list, so I don't need a link.
2,14 wait...if his dad is the sun...
Nittany_Discord
i has it
2,14 is he related to Celestia? O_o
...
mmhmm
okay Everlasting_Joy ty for telling me
Yep :).
he is related to Gwyn, lord of sunlight
HAI
hai AppleJackTheOneAndOn
twilight_sprinkle: not a test, plus don't feel like debating with you over Lord "I can make anyone do anything I want once"
05,15MANGOS
HAI
wait......LEMONS?!
-_-
THIS IS NOT A RECORDING
It's not.
He was counting votes.
Ninjazz|Tired: it's not, Lemons
dafuq
otakon: so i win by default? well thats boring.
space?
what wow suddenly what wow
suddenly the budget kicks on
05,15Space
05,15Must be made by Lord British
I have save crystals everywhere in case of a save emergency
twilight_sprinkle: yes, you "win" let me give you your prize.
why is he in your house
dat deugan
/me hands twilight_sprinkle "All the bucks I give". His hand is empty.
fluttercry, implying anyone played ultima
Dat music
2,14 Oh DURRRGARRR, your lines entertain me so
Night EveryPony
duuuuuude
he was in his bed
o_o
.............
prince-lemon, he is seducing you
Dari
wow his mom
2,14 oh god
eeeeeeeeeeeeeeh
D:
So he watching him sleep and then he went into his bed....... doesnt seem odd to me
Uuugggghhhh/
2,14 that is one Fugly MILF
Caramel: who said she was...
His mom has a manly chin
otakon you know this was your idea
Pigtails?
....no comment
2,14 Dari did :P
SHIM
i have no fucking idea what this is
twilight_sprinkle: yeah, well I renegged on it
05,15is she supposed to be cockney?
LOL
FlareChaser: <3
:O
photos, in a medieval setting
neat, your OC?
LEGEGEGEGEGEGIT
Pinkies4thWall: wha...what?...why?
eeeeeeeeyup
otakon: thats disappointing, i was looking forward to it
what's a photo?
Looks cool.
also the main character of mine fanfic
dat pi, FlareChaser
so what is in store for tomorrow?
*pic
well hello there friends
lali-ho asneakykitty
....Why do people violate me? :(
lol
beacaus your so fun to violate
twilight_sprinkle: well, it happens sometimes that's life. I've been in good spirits since getting Dragon's Dogma so I'm not gonna ruin it with a kind of pointless debate.
Goznor!?
FlareChaser: because your pritty
D:
FlareChaser: <3 dat pic
/me removes "violate me" sign from Flarechaser's back
Cloudsdale
PinkiePry: I know, its such a good pic....
what was that?
2,14 Pegasopolis > Aerisopolis
wait is this live?
Pegastopolis
peagasz
Can your OC do magic and the Force?
inb4 northrend
sexy pic
http://i142.photobucket.com/albums/r118/ValtheJean/Preview.jpg
05,15It appears H.P. Lovecraft named these continents
otakon why would you ruin your mood, i thought this was supposed to be a neutral debate
asneakykitty: wat my oc?
man i've been in such a sour mood lately, my little cousin wants me to take her to seaworld, and (behind my back) bought two season passes, and gave one of them to me, to try and cheer me up
http://derpy.me/lPSe6
whoops
actually
mah bad :P
read my fanfic
twilight_sprinkle: yeah, except I realize I get riled up FAR too easily at times
We be getting that famous.
:D
HELLO EVERYPONY!
hi Ponies47
hello
hiya Ponies47 have u seen mine oc yet?
Howdy Ponies47.
HELLO EVERYBIRDIE
o hai again MoistFuture
otakon oh well
bitch plz http://fav.me/d50vsiu
hi MoistFuture
hello Ponies47
it sure is final fantasy in here
hi Kosoveon :D
Freakin' heck! A bookshelf with enough text to fill a bookshelf! What is this doing in a video game!?
Hello MoistFuture
:3
how goes
05,15GET ON WITH IT
goes like
^
at first all the crystals lived in harmony But then, the fire crystal attackes
really awesomely
So many fanfics I should read....
fanime tomorrow
heck to the yes
Jspang: losl
Jspang: :d
Bronysith: OC?
gotta love exposition in RPGs
win
....I see what you did ther Jspang
readm ine fanfic to find out
tastic
yes
The dark crystal, the one all the other crystals made fun off in kindergarden
O.O
maiya hee !
Eeeewww. . .
05,15wut
Nittany_Discord: have you found it yet?
thats scary
05,15....wut
11,01Yeah.
/me wants to meet prince-lemon one day, and marry him, and MEAT him!
Bronysith , Flarechaser : http://derpy.me/zFxJq my oc
lol indie games
kk
Derpy_Hooves: wait? u got JJ to draw it?
yush :3
"Who the hell do you think we are!"
is this game making fun of all rpg's?
Derpy_Hooves: nice
Bronysith, FlareChaser, Derpy_Hooves Original Characters, do not steal!
Firaga: OUR DRILL SHALL PIERCE THE HEAVENS!!
beards are cool
Derpy, i thought you were Derpy, ya derp. :P
otakon!
OTAKON
YEAH!
:D
otakon!
oh goddammit
quick, ship him with someone
XD
00,02ohai otakon :P
05,15yay!
lol
lol kiddiwinks
otakon: Sorry about your luck.
otakon is best pony in this game
CHUCK NORRIS of the past
IT WAS NOT DAMMIT
Flare Chaser needs to be in game now.
00,02otakon, you should skype dari and do that guys voice
otakon: you so pritty
its now canon
otakon is in the game, quick somepony ship him with someone in that game
prince-lemon: Now go find me.
oh god the writing in this game is giving me mind cancer
Darf14: no
oh no
Dken2021: you cant ship him without knowing his name > w>
Firaga: mind aids
.........why
05,15awww yeah
Bronysith: DANG! That looks great! :)
which i will not say D:
faazer
a english doing a french accent
well it was worth a shot
00,02that sounds more italian than french
Ponies47: yep. jennidash drew it. plz support her
prince-lemon: Actually, that's a pretty good accent.
imma get some goldfish
how silly
05,15It's not bad
00,02getting closer
04Lol, Dari trying to be French
was?
Bronysith: Okie doki loki! :)
the only accent i can do is Sean Connery's. and thats not even an accent
I found dari :|
? weird......
on skype
steal all the chest!
otakon will be a recurring character as well
haha!
I will not
but it says injured guard
Drunk me
oh no
what a bitch
FlareChaser: i cant wait to see ur drawn oc by jenni
dem rebellious stars
thsi guy reminds me of Tobuscus
Bronysith: shes drawing 3 pics for me, look at her page.
dear.......god
im just gonna call the blond guy Jake the Dog, and the main guy Finn The Human
05,15YOLO
Dken2021: <.< >.>
what're we watchin?
fluttercry: NO! no YOLO! you're like those teenagers on Facebook...
FlareChaser: thank you!
05,15FlareChaser IKR! I saw a shirt that said YOLO in a store today, and I just walked out
YOLO
otakon again?
/me wonders what YOLO means
he owns a shop
FlareChaser: :D who?
you only live once
....
Bronysith , Flarechaser : http://derpy.me/DdIrQ as well as soapie-solar, http://derpy.me/L2n9M phantomdarklover, and http://derpy.me/SWgSl Csimadmax :3
/me 00,02hugs otakon
Oh brother. More infodumping
DeathStar: :D
otakon: :D
wheres otakon in this game? :D
7 Elements
05,15There's the element of exposition
oh god the pings
Derpy_Hooves: who drew that? thats awesome bro.
lol
05,15I think it is
its real
Every bearded guy in this game is otakon? Seems legit
Derpy_Hooves: how did u get JJ to draw it for you?
Fire is best element.
the element of faithfullness to the source material
i wonder.....
how is everyone tonighT?
um.. what game is this?
heya Quickfix
Every bearded guy in this game is a descendant of otakon
Flarechaser: which one?
panda_: have u read it yet?
Quickfix: good
panda_: i liek mares. :D
oh goddammit stop pinging me
Derpy_Hooves: any of them! :D
05,15Thaumaturgist- performer of miracles
00,02http://youtu.be/Op_m491cJjs << otakons voice
Bronysith: i commissioned him :3
otakon
Bronysith: :D no :/
And then suddenly this was an Avatar game
Derpy_Hooves: how much?
hi bronysith and crazypony
it sure is ultima 4 in here
thaumaturgy: capability of a saint to perform miracles (according to wikipedia)
I just looked up that word. Thaumatology is the study of miracles.
hope everypony is doing well?
05,15^points at his last message
Gunthler: XD i know you like mares
taaaaaaly hooooooo!
hai Quickfix
Quickfix: doing great, and u?
Derpy_Hooves: how much for commisioning?
MahBoi777: Ponies. :3
Intellect and wisdom are different. My DnD friends tell me so, anyways. Just kidding, I don't have friends. :D ....wait.
/me hugs Gunthler
DCD is the element of Rider
/me noms MahBoi777
poor dark element people...
and sorry Bronysith, ive been drawing and havent been on the comp much ^^
EEEEVIIIIIIIIL
mine element is the force
Evile
just took a piss, ive got a bowlful of flavor blasted goldfish and a grape crush soda, LETS FUCKING DO THIS THING
05,15EEEEEVIL!*runs away*
Every Villain Is Lemons!
panda_: np
EEEEEVVVIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILLLLLLLL!
for he Evulz!
lets all get drunk! :D
no
yes :|
mythbusters
:|
/me gives FlareChaser a bottle of whiskey
Mythbusters FTW!
the 8th element is love :D
Eighth element: magic
05,15Not enough chances for an explosion for them to test that
WE NEED BUSTERBUSTERS
Thank you Gunthler
I'm doing great, finally got a chance to make my own pony, sorta new to the fandom been into MLP FiM for about 2 weeks now
05,15Mythbusters sucks now
Dken2021: :D no...
you know what happenz when u get drunk FlareChaser
"ah yes ETHER, the supposed seventh element of harmony, we have dismissed that claim"
teh|Spitfire: what?
when i get drunk, people die
Bronysith: he charged me $40
Derpy_Hooves: oh shit
Derpy_Hooves: OH SHIT
ether is useless, use Elixer
Who all plans to be streaming tonight? :)
PONY is the element of friendship. People of Pony are kind and tolerant and often huge nerds.
/me plays Barry White
<3
I admitted to a few friends of being a brony, found out a couple of my friends are too. To my surprise.
damnit
Derpy_Hooves: noms
XD RAVISHED?
nu
I do know what you're saying....
science
Quickfix ah that's cool, least you'll have fun with them
/me is nommed on D:
Quickfix: that epic feel lol
oh dear....
im still scared of half of the pony fanbase
if you know what I mean.
...
Dat MahBoi777
05,15So, does that mean your mother is DARK?
/me dances with DeathStar
So this game was probably written by either a guy, or a girl with a good sense of humor.
my friend hates the show but not bronys in general
heh heh heh
We need to get the Mythbusters to test faraday cages. Conventional EMPs involve explosives, so that would be fun for them.
o hai MahBoi777
Ninjazz|Tired!:D
:$
Ninjazz|Tired: :3
CK|Ded: "good" being debatable here
/me glomps Ninjazz|Tired
/me hovers onto a cloud "good night everypony" = u=
Gunthler: :O
hey StupidSexyCJ!
/me noms Ninjazz|Tired
night Derpy_Hooves
Dken and MahBoi, yeah it's definately an odd feeling to admit to it the first time. Sorta had to admit it to myself first.
/me is attacked by MahBoi777
night Derpy_Hooves
night, Derpy_Hooves
/me is nommed on :c
what happens when the mythbusters run out of myths to test?
Who ever is streaming has a soothing voice
lets find fluttercry on skype.
Firaga: "Good" meaning "capable of self-mockery"
02http://news.cnet.com/8301-32973_3-57440513-296/meet-the-tireless-entrepreneur-who-squatted-at-aol/?tag=TOCcarouselMain.0 <-- LOL
Cya Derpy_Hooves
11,01Dken2021: They'll make some up.
Night Derpy_Hooves. Derpy slurpy erpy nurpy Derpy/ :D
05,15Good luck with that, you'll never find me!
im getting a horoscope vine from these elements
11,01Night Derpy_Hooves
/me sluprs Derpy
o
nighty Derpy_Hooves
who here wants to see my yell in my mic for 22 mins?
/me slurps up Derpy
fluttercry: DONE
me*
night Derpy_Hooves
gnight Derpy_Hooves
Dken2021: as long as humans are curious, there will always be myths for them to test.
Gunthler: D:
bye Derpy_Hooves
05,15You haven't found me, because you'll never guess my skype name
Ninjazz|Tired: how are you doing?
fluttercry: ....fluttercry?
I know your skype name, fluttercry~
fluttercry: is it fluttercry?
MahBoi777: Kinda down... I don't feel so good.
05,15No it is not fluttercry
clever writing
fluttercry: fluttershys sorrow?
05,15eeenope
lol
05,15Nothing pony related
Hey, otakon's back!
Well shit wrong person.
indeed
fluttercry: hm... must be... damn, I got nothing
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm........ I just ate some ribs :3
Ninjazz|Tired: ah, I'm sorry to hear that, hope everything gets better:S
alright, off to play D3
its just a flesh wound
otakon: :D you there?
brilliant!
MahBoi777: Thanks mah boi. :)
oh god
Ninjazz|Tired oh no what happened?
:)
:d
/me noms on Biglaw's leftover ribs
....is....is that Derpy?
no
that was crazy derpy
wat
derpy isnt a nut case
Oh my.... This is straeng
lol all thsi dialogue
this game seems legit
skipping
ALL the dialogue!
I wonder if anyone in this room is local to me?
Biglaw: The week's been hard. Tests, no sleep, now I gotta watch my friend leave for Japan for college.
We need to get Mayor Mare in here.
where are the ponies?
sumica u want to listen to me yelllfor 22 mins straght
Jspang: one does not simply ask for ponies
so mayor mare is from a mayor tree
is this a home made game?
Did someone say BOOZE?
Bronysith: I sorry
panda, published by bioware
Ninjazz|Tired I feel really bad for you, I wish your friend best of luck, and that things will go smoother next week.
I'd recommend running from me now.
*hands FlareChaserxOctavia a keg o beer*
Firaga: what... wow... this looks like crap XD
Biglaw: Thanks. :)
teh|Spitfire: no, booze.
panda: jk, but it has the same level of writing
05,15You jelly bro?
no normal family for you
:| doo it
mmmmmmm jelly
/me falls asleep on the cloud: http://twentypercentcooler.net/post/show/16855
panda: i think its from newgrounds
I WUB JELLY! :D
Derek is quite a dreamer.
Derpy_Hooves GAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW HHHNGGGGGGGGG
Firaga: ah i see... wow... i could make a better looking game than this >.>
awwwwwww
Derpy so much d'awwww :3
Ponies47: I LOVE YOU TOO!
panda: and a chimp could write better comedy
*faints*
?
mare-do-well
05,15Mary a door
"Go on an adventure... If you know what I mean"
whoa..
I cried when i saw the "Derpy Censored" vid on youtube.
panda: dawww *hugs*
Firaga: yeah... god.... this...
Like, bawled....
heya panda
He's a PEDO
Ponies47: :D I was trying to change mah nick to jelly but it didnt work
MahBoi777: :D oh my... hiya! didnt see you there
panda: awww :(
take my canday!
takes candy
05,15WHEN ARE WE GOING TO KILL MORE DRAGONS
Ponies47: i still love ya the same ^^
lead pipes, from rats, makes sense
panda: dawwwwww :)
panda: lol I haz stealth
after all this crappy side quest stuff I hope/
why does he need five led pipes
MahBoi777: but you dont have ninja powers :D
DeathStar: umm, am i wierd? o_o
panda: Nope
NOW KILL!
Gunthler: nope repeditive though
Fineste in all the Landse
and that one time , at bandcamp
longest prologue ever since kingdom hearts 2
ur not wierd Gunthler lol
DeathStar: How so? :3
Hey, Wrek should stream Amnesia :3
maths
lol
ok... is he playing this for the luls?
Gunthler: PONIES!
05,15I went to bandcamp. Only interesting thing I ever saw was a girl trip and break both here wrists
Biglaw: He has.
absurbly spacious sewers
PONIES! :D
That one time, at bandcamp, Jackle App sold a song! :D
Kangaroo party with some cool new FRIENDS!
Ninjazz|Tired and I missed it? Awww...
DeathStar: Thats my catchphrase you silly filly. :P
thiis game looks ggaayyy
Biglaw: Well, it was like 2 months ago. :D
Gunthler: also the dancing derpies
Biglaw: whats my catchphrase
SarfTheMagnifico: why is gay referred to as a bad thing?
only thing I remeber from band camp was that it was HOT!
fluttercry: i guess she wont be playing any instruments in a long time
can you mic chat in this chat?
DeathStar: I thought you liked those. :D
http://icetothebrim.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/i-have-no-idea-what-im-doing.jpeg ?
a wild rattata appeared
That's a good question BronySith
05,15last time I saw her, she was playing the bassoon
I'm not homophobic
Gunthler: i do
FlareChaserxOctavia when i doubt, booze and ponies?
FlareChaserxOctavia: i thought it was *lets go again oct....*
okay, my apologies
lemon gained 3 exp
this game looks dumb
DeathStar: Then thats why I keep giving them to you. :P
Biglaw: ....that works
FlareChaserxOctavia: science
SarfTheMagnifico: im not gay. i just dont like it when people use that term as a snynom for stupid
no, I agree
teh|Spitfire: wat.
Bronysith: um... can I ask you something?
Gunthler: you also do many other repeditive things
the word 'fag' always bugged me'
FlareChaserxOctavia: u know what i mean....wink wink
panda: yes?
Bronysith: i think we have that debate every 2 days or so
with this ring , i thee wed
i hate using it
Firaga: lol
DeathStar: What else comes to mind? :D
teh|Spitfire: I DONT..THATS JUST SICK MAN
haha
If the world were like Bronies, the world would be bucking AWESOME!
RPG logic dari
Gunthler: dances!
Biglaw: Think very long and hard about that statement...
Biglaw: i dont know man, lurk enough time in brony forums and you'll see some shit...
ehhh
never question it's logic!
DeathStar: Thats you, you dance more often than i do. :D
wow...they beat a rat with a bunch of sticks
the good side of bronies
^
Good. :)
why wouldn't you just kiick the damn thing?
/me 11,01dusts Gunthler
Wack.
DeathStar: I even started dancing becasue of you. :P
the sane type of bronies?
/me kicks the damn thing
/me huds DeathStar
wickedy wack
Indeed, Dken2021.
08,01urgh
I'mma call it a night... ping me if my chat's still alive and anime comes on! Or pony! :)
Gunthler: I know I dance but you just say it lots
EEK!
Nittany_Discord: Ponies! :D
I swore!
Nittany_Discord: bored agian?
what game is this anyway?
08,01abdomen... painful...
Nittany_Discord doesn't love me anymore...
*yay yay yay*
11,01Gunthler: Ponies!
nighty richfiles
11,01Bored and a bit down.
gnight richfiles
08,01my chestburster is acting up again
ooooh.
/me huds Gunthler back "imma gonna keep this typo"
/me 11,01hugs FlareChaserxOctavia
obligatory, rats as first dungeon enemies
why are you down nittany Discord?
Ohnoes! They're gonna get rockjoint from those skeevers!
08,01i think i'll definitely see the doctor on monday
/me runs away from Nittany_Discord
/me hugs Nittany_Discord "Aww why are you down?" :(
Firaga Don't you mean bats?
08,01Biglaw: it's not my stomach, it's my gut
nevar
Firaga better than goddamn bats
08,01feels like something's caused a small fissure
bats, rats, radroaches, chtulhu, all that stuff
radroaches!
:3
08,01inb4 IBS
prince-lemon: :D
how much longer is this
gaddamn zubats!
11,01I'm not saying why I'm down. Sorry.
. . . Zubats
What is this?
/me pats Nittany_Discord on the back
08,01it started last sunday, but i've kept putting off going to the doctor, thinking it would go away itself
I sometimes get an extremely painful "stabby" feeling that throbs with my pulse that will suddenly, appear, and then disappear, sometimes for months.
Nittany_Discord: Alright, well it is your business and we should get into it.
dont forget geodude
You can talk to us bronies Nit nita
final fantasy 15: electric boogaloo
/me 08,01takes a bit of a cavalier attitude towards his own health
SuperBrony64:
he beat a rat with astick !!
In my gut I meant.
prince-lemon: in the sewers with the lead pipeing
11,01AND MY DESKTOP CRASHED FOR THE 9000TH FUCKING TIME!
I feel for you man... It's no fun
It was Mardek , with the led pipe, in the shed. case solved
/me hugs Nittany_Discord again, "It's okay, you have us." :3
