Nittany_Discord: So you are saying CoD is not the best put it is pleasing to the palettes of the majority?
http://www.localist.co.nz/l/novus-central-glass
Bronysith: Cod is never a good story people are just to busy hearing 7 year old's raging
*but
SuperBrony64|FOOD mooooooooooo
11,01Celes_Chere: Yes.
11,01I actually have fun playing CoD games.
Crap time...
i am cloud hater of bronies .... and ponies. and jsut because i have a oc, a fic about the oc and art of the oc does nto make me a brony or mean i like u
TACOS
>.>
INB4 DRAMATIC STUFF
Cloud: Great. I'll see if I can find some care to give you.
/me holds Alister[S] hand :)
flutterchu: i know. but the millions of sheep whom actually buy it, for 60$ a pop, i guess it is good for the economy. not for actual gameplay
Nittany_Discord: The SP i enjoyed, but MP is rather annoying
misread as
Localhost.
Cloud: k..
GIMMIE TACOS! :[
/me holds sagas[A] back firmly
this is line will come back to bite him in the hoof
11,01The MP is very annoying.
hand*
Cloud: Cool story, bro
/me takes Ponies47 tacos
NO TACOS ever again
Alister[S]: :$
11,01I enjoy SP and Co-op.
cloud, you are the worst parody of a hater this week.
0,14^
just sayin
Nittany_Discord: This is something I can stand by, then. Better than hating something for an arbitrary reason such as mercury poisoning.
So Jun
Bronysith: that's why i don't want a first perso shotter or xbox live
Dying in 2 shots = NOT fun
Bronysith: Dawww. Okie doki loki :)
sagas[A]: What prompted you to come to this room exactly ?
I had an Audio Fail today
:P
foo fighters
im cloud, how dare u dare top dare?
sagas[A]: Normally we stick to the Dashie room
/me cooks Meanwhile in a pot of tea
skullking did too, recently
I accidentally only had half a plug installed
so I had MONO AUDIO
it hurt
:<
reading books to understnad human emotions and reactions OF COURSe
08,01actually, the brain is analogue
inb4 drake hurts
Alister[S]: Oh this is just where I saw you first. We can go to the other if youde like :)
11,01I've never had that much fun with CoD or BF MP. BF has a high learning curve. CoD has killstreaks.
o-o
11,01I've had some fun.
I'm back! did I miss anything?
yes, well, planets of this solar system are far less than "millions of light years" away too. Dirk isn't big on accuracy
pfft i patched my brain last week
sagas[A]: The other room is more quiet so yes
(his quit msg
why does she need a crutch if shes a AI ?
0,14oh Akihiko theme, y u so good
a sec damn
oh
okay
flutterchu: daribot appreciates your response
brb setting up quadraphonic audio /4.2
:1
robot scary as hell
what is this?
(No srsly, I have a spare 2.1 set xD)
really?
Yes.
08,01DocSane: well, algebra runs on a 2's complement machine
( ｀ー´)八(｀ー´ )
dirk sterling
sagas[A]: emo's dpon't take counsulars i think they hate them
WHat port would I use on my soundblaster ;-;
08,01DocSane: this can be proved mathemagically
11,01And I do not like dying frequently in MP.
it isn't colour coded
Chips. Chips are the reason for existence.
rear or side speakers
Meanwhile: chips and ponies
cod is KILL EVRTHING
Okay
flutterchu: dont do what you think and emo would. Do what you want to do
Nittany_Discord: do u like Halo? just curious
Ew, Halo.
sagas[A]: and what i want to do is to be an emo brony
Meanwhile: or un your case, crisps
(assuming your soundcard supports 5.1 or 7.1 audio)
11,01I had fun with custom matches.
if its supported
0,14I liek halo :3
*in
Halo: Oversimplified, but very accesible
Battlefield 3 anyone?
LOL EXPlanation
Jake5T_: nope
I'm fine with BF, and I love Halo
0,14^
11,01I have BF3, but no real desire to play it.
flutterchu: just try not to fall into pigeon holes. Be yourself
So now because exams are over, I have nothing to do
I've ignored BF, and I hate Halo.
Meanwhile: tf2?
:O
Meanwhile: l4d2, css?
Should be playing more TF2
Nittany_Discord: dont its crap :P
Fine with all those. Cept css.
sagas[A]: to be myself is to follow my dreams and my dream is to kiss fluttershy and be an emo brony
11,01EA and DICE's decisions with the game make me want to play it less.
Nittany_Discord: AND its EA
flutterchu: I think you need a new dream, because that one won't lead you anywhere.
flutterchu: alright then do that
lol the garrys mod loading screen said delaying episode 3
11,01I have a copy. It's just unopened.
13JRP2234: it's said that for years now
11,01Been holding onto it for months.
DocSane: and you suddenly come to this talk
nooooooooooooooooo
Nittany_Discord: some fanboy will buy that for a shitzillion dollars later on
Nittany_Discord: plus its shit compared to Bad Company 2, that game is awsome
11,01I hated BC2.
oh he ok
Nittany_Discord: Why?
11,01Waste of money.
flutterchu: Forgive me, but you sound really distressed.
o-o
BRB
Hmm
11,01I rarely had fun playing BC2.
So...any more ponies wanting to play TF2? Yes? No?
BC2 was okay imo
what does destressed mean DocSane
Chips! Chips everywhere.
Nittany_Discord: Strange, I had a whole lot of fun playing it :(
anyione wana buy hats? i promise they will control your minds
Computer flirt
http://www.techfuels.com/attachments/sound-card/11486d1247029152-creative-sound-blaster-x-fi-elite-pro-creative.jpg <Seems like LINE2
flutterchu: Upset.
whee
11,01I died so often in BC2, it wasn't funny.
DocSane: oh im upset of EVERYTHING
i'm gonna say line 3 maybe?
Cloud: that's okay, I have brain slugs
be rigt back if anyone cares
flutterchu: May I ask what age you are?
I'll try either
how will she get money?
11,01Oh, and the server insulting me for death streaks.
MahBoi777: You're mom's a slag
Reikim i have tf2 but i don't really like the game...
brain slugs? god damn.... why they always gotta get in my wai
because the usual order for 5.1 is 1:L-R, 2:C-LFE, 3:LS-RS
Vordox: you startin?
Vordox: why thank you sir
DocSane: what's the next question where do i live so you could rape me
Nittany_Discord: did you play it for PC or PS3?
Meanwhile: Nah, I'm stop starting
11,01PC.
(you don't have a center speaker)
Vordox: Good.
flutterchu: No, it's to determine exactly what sort of "upset" you might be.
Nittany_Discord: then that explains whole lot :P
08,01i wish i had someone who would make me a cup of tea :(
11,01Why?
flutterchu: Are you an upset child, an upset teen, an upset young adult....
08,01i think english accents are sexy
08,01i should find a nice english man
tea tiem?
DocSane: does it really matter
G'day mate.
08,01Vordox: eenop
flutterchu: Things that seem awful and insurmountable at age 16 seem laughably simple and unimportant at age 26.
^^
Cor croikey mate dingoes mate dingoes look out for the dingoes mate
Nittany_Discord: think about it, you dont have to worry about hackers nor abusive admins, no hacked servers, game is slightly less realistic so its more fun...need I go on?
11,01Hacked lobbies.
Meanwhile: Smashing
Sherlock?
NOOOOOOOOO!
I love garlic chips! (Not onion chips)! :D:D:D
http://fav.me/d54ujnv
lol...
Who's streaming?
LOL
................................
11,01I never had problems with abusive admins.
DocSane: you just want to know more about me no matter what people teach me but barely mlp i don't do anything about that
11,01Some asshole players.
VALVE games are fantastic because they sacrifice realism for actual FUN. you know, what video games are supposed to give
You conliving little....!
:D
also, make sure your soundcard software/windows is set to output 5.1
Bronysith, play Lollipop Chainsaw
11,01But there's always asshole players.
Bronysith: well said, but I keep hearing your name and "butthurt" in the same sentence
it's more of a game than any of Valve games
hiya MahBoi777 thanks
or quad
0,14dat otakon
08,01well folks, that's me for the night
flutterchu: As you wish. Just ignore me.
hi everypony. :)
i se TARDIS
Nittany_Discord: thats why I played on the PS3, didnt have to deal with all that :P Even one time I delt with one of those underaged kids and I swear I never laughed so hard :D
08,01i'd love to stream the last 2 episodes, but i'm really tired
hi TheRareP0N3!
Ponies
anyone ever played VVVVVV?
11,01All of my MPing has been with friends now. Have more fun.
DocSane: good i hate that replying sound
Still waiting Nittany_Discord for your answer
0,14flutterchu, get the stick out of your ass and lighten up
08,01well folks, that's me for the night
08,01i'd love to stream the last 2 episodes, but i'm really tired
Nittany_Discord: that's the best thinbg
*thing
08,01just to check, that didn't derp out at the end before it was finished, right?
SaxyPretender: just because your cussing deosnt mean im gonna do it
0,14it didn't
08,01it's just my irc lost its connection, but the rest of my internet seems fine
08,01okay, awesome
I think it was fine, it was the next ep preview then the unix terminal
08,01IDAS: Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency
08,01night all!
has anyone ever played VVVVVV?
TheRareP0N3: hmmmm, nope
MaiBoi777: Indie game.
I'm off too bed as well gotta wake up at 5AM. see you guys tomorrow
http://fav.me/d54ujnv
TheRareP0N3: AH, is it good?
MaiBoi777: Yeah. it's a platformer. :P
who ever kicked me your just like my bullies and teacher's...... they think im a joke but they havent known about the things that ive sufford and the things that ive learned about the outdoors
What a story flutterchu.
TheRareP0N3: cool
Do you like Bananas?
cool story mark
...
/me pats flutterchu on the back
lawl crossed
MahBoi777: don't touch me
11,01flutterchu: Doesn't give you an excuse to say what you said.
/me glomps LordCelestia ontop of SuperBrony64|FOOD ontop of Meanwhile s moustache into Nittany_Discord
nvm
no stream?
/me 's moustache never asked for this.
/me gives LordCelestia bacon
Pinkies4thWall: I like ur dogs
thanks MahBoi777
08,01http://ecmajor.tumblr.com/post/21505614274/best-thing-resized-for-full-effect-in-dumb
best thing evar
0,5Hey I was about to post that! >:I
08,01ninja'd
LOL Pinkie xD
0,14LC, you LIE
SaxyPretender: he posted it on skype
before
0,14I know =P
God LC, why you trying to steal the limelight
0,5Goodnight :3
>: (
suddenly dari
03woa
03h
03just finished Madoka
0,14later L- oh he left
Lawl
darn
0,14RAGEQUIT
Das MLG son
'ello mates
0,14oh hai sonicrainboomer259
Heyea sonicrainboomer259
http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&v=gealzhBjAlY&feature=endscreen gotta love this show :D
SaxyPretender: moop
11,02O.o
0,14Shamroc poom
Dari outta nowhere.
the streaming end
hey sonicrainboomer259
SaxyPretender: boop
11,02I'm microwaving frozen meatloaf :D
did it
SuperBrony64|FOOD: are u getting tacos? ohhh
SuperBrony64|FOOD: ew
lol:P
11,02:<
0,14not the boop!
SuperBrony64|FOOD: Sounds gross, mate
Irish_Pony: lol love this show
11,02But...it's Boston Market ;~;
Oh lawd the boop
0,14Boston?
0,14I liek Boston
SuperBrony64|FOOD: still...ew
0,14it's a nice city :3
Shippin up to Boston~
/me gives SaxyPretender david tennant
11,02they gots good meatloaf :3
0,14also, Anime Boston is cool
sonicrainboomer259: 1:25 my fav part :D
/me gives SuperBrony64|FOOD gravy
meatloaf ftw
'mfw BroNYcon is in 6 days :3
0,14IKR
right
/me gives SaxyPretender tom baker
BACK :p
0,14>giving Saxy a Doctor
wb Ponies47
0,14>not Matt bSmith
We gonna be streaming Bronycon?
0,14...wow, that typo
0,14of all the typos, I could make
0,14that is THE
0,14BEST
Thanks you MahBoi777 :P
0,14POSSIBLE
0,14ONEW
0,14*One
SaxyPretender: SAVE IT!
lawl
Ponies47: Da
and then Saxy by stepped the bots
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRc13rwqtug this video makes me happy
0,14it's called typing control, I has it :3
SaxyPretender: QUICK! TAKE A PICTURE SO WE CAN PUT IT IN THE POINTLESS FOLDER!
bonjour
SaxyPretender is a 8yj degree blackbelt in typing
Love me. You know you want to. :[
0,14oh hai RAWRity
allo Rain
/me gives SaxyPretender kamina
RAWRity:
tab faaaaaail
inb4 rain shows up saying "huh?"
0,14much to learn has he
hi RAWRity
SaxyPretender: indeed >_<
SaxyPretender: yoda refeerence got did you
teach me Master Miagi
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8l4a697D6Ng&feature=g-all-u My mind has been blown
tab on
tab off
So, I realized something today.
?
orly?
RAWRity: that i want to be an emo
whatastorymark.jpeg
For a while now, I'd been kind of perplexed by Linkin Park's last 2 albums. I knew I'd heard stuff like it before, but I couldn't figure out where. THen, after listening through "Living Things", it hit me.
howd you like it?
Linkin Park are now trying with all their might to be 80's era Depeche Mode
when i click the Download link at the kerbal space program site,it says it's a demo
0,14...if they can make something ala "wrong", I'm so okay with that
Hey bronies I'm starting camp tomorrow so I don't think I should be chatting
03it was decent, but the ending was like what
Linkin Park eh? http://www.inquisitr.com/wp-content/2010/09/antoine-dodson-linkin-park.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmKj7vt4xRY guys check this out
lol
church camp? school camp? math camp? anime camp?
kidzrul434: ahhhh the great outdoors
http://derpy.me/CarzK
dat voldemort
campfire camp
ft Spongebob
it's day camp
Lone_Lycan: Band Camp
http://youtu.be/6-3wp2VVhKQ
day camp eh?
This video needs more views, likes, favorites everything
MahBoi777 eeyup
cool cool
Day Camp: For kids who can't handle camping.
Anyways I'm starting tomorrow so I don't know if I should be here right now
day camp is for parents who can't handle kids
I hate camping.
Meanwhile: dont you have forever shelter?
Bronysith: I still hate camping
I went camping once, but we had a generator and a TV and some other things, u know what forget the camping :/
It's like almost midnight and I'm still chatting
Meanwhile: same here
MahBoi777, that ain't camping
if you think about it
Psh, wusses.
nope
I really enjoyed my summer camp when I was a kid.
you are always camping
so?
i chat till 3 or 4 am sometimes
CrimsonPhoenix: but it was kewl
My mom and I wnt camping for a week with nothing but 2 sleeping bags and a tarp.
Camping is bawss
Not quite Meatballs, but kind of close in a few ways.
MahBoi777, no it ain't
it defeats anything that makes camping fun
/me has never been camping
RAWRity: and then you drank your own piss
Saxy: We must go camping.
She taught me how to hunt using sharpened sticks and how to make rabbit traps.
CrimsonPhoenix: I know it's not camping
ogod
NOT THE BEES
0,14But you hate camping, Meanwhile!
RAWRity: try a Biking/ camping trip covering over 500 miles on the New England Coast :3
das me
then don't call it camping
Whoa whoa. What is going on in here? Drinking piss? Did I just walk into a very devolved rp session?
SaxyPretender: Yeah, but you've never been. We can go fight a bear or something.
0,14Fight a bear? WORKS FOR ME
RAWRity: try fighting a bear at age 10 XD
0,14also, RAWRity, I will be forever jealous if you did that
CrimsonPhoenix: that;s why I said "forget the camping"
Bust a....bear. Huh.
Meanwhile: you'll fight it....BEAR HANDED!
(sigh) I'll be back in a few. I gotta go find my dog :|
SaxyPretender:
he would... Bust-a-wolf
SaxyPretender: I still have a bite scar on my left ankle.
Ponies47: good luck
otakon: boooo
Meanwhile: get off the stage?
0,14...
that pic is epic win
0,14that's awesome then, risky but awsome
poor Celestia
poor poor Celestia
WHY DOES NO ONE LOVE HER?
SaxyPretender: wasn't like I planned it.
i wouldve hugged her otakon
yeah me too actually
otakon: i really like her mane
flutterchu: who doesn't?
Celestia seems too perfect to love.
check out da mane on dat mare
DocSane: hmmmm still not a good enough reason
We love the characters who seem flawed and relatable
flutterchu: I perfer Luna's mane
suddenly pouring rain...
SolairePony89: i prefere both
Celestia is a sort of distant, fairy tale perfect authority figure.
i love Twilights, lunas, celestias, rainbow dashes, manes the best really
Well I found my dog. He sounded like he was barking outside but no he was inside in the living room sleeping. :$ Now I feal dumb :s
DocSane: Who knows? Maybe in season 3 we'll get some more deatils about her character
Luna is more popular because we're intimately familiar with her flaws
MahBoi777: ikr. perfect to fall asleep to :3
not really
your dog was inside.. barking while sleeping?
DocSane: fanon, lots and lots of fanon
>Flawed but relateabe
oh dear
Not just fanon.
DocSane: that and she's more of a victim figure I think
i didnt mean to starta flame war (first time in ever)
You do realize that, when most of the Luna stuff was made, she literally had 3 lines and 1 minutes of screentime
Lone_Lycan: It sounded liek he was barking. Maybe somebody else brought him in and I didn't notice :$
Bronysith: your fine
who wants to see fluttershy's mom
*like
otakon: i fucked up
RAWRity: like I said, fanon
i posted the pic
there was no time at ALL to get a guage on her actual character.
We know that Luna gave into jealousy and hatred and then she came back as an insecure figure who was literally screaming at people to love her.
and now theres a flame war
Bronysith: relax there is no flame war
Wait what's going on? :s
DocSane: actually.....that is spot on if you went from S1 to Luna Eclipsed
Debate of sorts Ponies47
DocSane: that's what we know now. During S1, all people knew was that she got angry, became NMM, was imprisoned, then came back and said she was sorry.
Ponies47: apparently luna vs celestia
SolairePony89: I see.
it's not
no debate
Bronysith: Both are awesome. Period
Bronysith: that's a little risky there
o-o
Jun
darn you
I went through
Before Luna Eclipsed, fandom had Luna as Woona, the poor little baby princess who was sat in a cardboard box and abandoned.
2 freezes
and 1 BSOD
RAWRity: exactly, thus fanon filling in the spots
'-'
but still, I like what they did with Luna
Just from plugging in the speaker to the black jack .v.
Updating the creative drivers though
otakon: if by "filling in the spots" you mean "Making literally everything up and calling it canon.
"
RAWRity: and thus fanon
but still I like all of them
canon ≠ fanon
well, except Diamond Tiara since she's a spoiled little brat
if it was i wouldnt watch the sho
*show
I'd like to see a Luna and Twilight episode, since Twi is the closest thing Luna has to a friend.
Diamond Tiara can go die in a fire
hell, I like GILDA and Trixie more than her
otakon: it's not really fair for celestia she is mentioned in almost every episode deos'nt get an episode about her and luna get's an episode about her and she barely appers on the show
and Gilda did the UNFORGIVABLE
oh cool
otakon: Eh, set them all on fire.
flutterchu: well true
got quadphonic working
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SfzS_Tg5eUA&feature=g-all-u
:D
If we have to have another Luna ep, I'd actually be fare more interested in seeing Luna and Celestia's relationship explored.
Gilda got a raw deal.
Well fuck
fire: best way to kill stufff
Meanwhile: but you like ponies! I KNOW YOU DO DAMMIT! otherwise you wouldn't be here
RainBowJack: seen it
otakon: I was talking about the bad ones.
I'd love a Celestia/Luna episode
/me hugs RainBowJack
Because I see a LOT more potential for an interesting story there than just another "Luna learns to make friends" episode.
Meanwhile: ah
RAWRity: i can now see luna telling Celestia what she learned
lol
Thanks for the game Shizu ~
RAWRity: Let it be Luna getting fed up with Celestia and then showing up on Twi's doorstep to sleep over and vent about her sister.
13<3
that was a fun TF2 match
13any time~
13i mean when i'm awake ofc :3
/me hugs MahBoi777 back
RAWRity: I'd like to see you write a MLP episode, it'd be quite interesting
0,14suddenly, TheGreatAndPowerfulT and Shizuka
Thanks so much Shizuka~ <3
I really wish I could join the TF2 game :(
13<3
Me too Ponies47
hai Saxy
Sis, today i learned not to piss you off. If I do, you'll most likely abuse my PTSD and start a fight you'll enjoy. Your little sis, Luna.
/me yawns
RAWRity: Twi would be mortified and want to get things patched up quickly and Luna the hell out of her library.
13http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=2169656 ponies should read that if they think their boxen can't handle tf2
0,14>.>
0,14i still doubt it would work for me
almost everything can handle TF2
RAWRity: And then it turns into a whole huge backstory episode.
ah, hello Shizuka
DocSane: and then Luna tells Twi all of Celestia's dirty little secrets, and Twi can never look at her mentor the same way again.
13morning
0,14heck, this netbook is currently at 54C running the basic stuff I usually do
RAWRity: Well, if WE were writing it, yes.
Shizuka: not quite morning here
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&v=QMWgTHXKvSk&NR=1 WTH Twilight doing a 18+ scene
/me wants his bunny :(
RAWRity: Although the lesson could end up being that even your cherished idols are still human.
0,14lemme guess, it's the one with the lines from Lollipop Chainsaw?
Cool description bro
RainBowJack: Dude. You're going to get yourself kicked.
in the nighmare night episode there was a scene where rarity was going to dress up luna but they deleted it you can see the dress on mlp castle creator
SaxyPretender: I believe so O____o
0,14yep, it is
yep SaxyPretender
0,14XD
flutterchu: I remember that, wish they would have kept that scene in
snoipah?
le shak
where?
RainBowJack: O___O
Here.
apple sack
Seriously though, if I were ever asked to write an MLP episode, it would end up being like a 3 parter about the CMC getting their cutie marks, drifting apart due to their now pointless organization/exploring their new found passions, and then eventually coming back together after they find that they miss their friends.
What about a Spike/Rarity episode?
RAWRity: So the episode could start out looking like it's going to be about Luna's relationship with Celestia, and then turn into it being about Twilight's relationship with them both.
Blodee hell
Twilight Sparkle is best chainsaw wielding zombie killer.
0,14^
RAWRity: Sounds sweet, but I don't think it would ever pass.
also pipsquek is in another episode in the backround of putting you hoof down http://mlp.wikia.com/wiki/Pipsqueak/Gallery
RAWRity: Also, why would they drift apart? Sure, they wouldn't be crusading anymore, but they'd still be friends.
Basically, it'd be an ep building and examing their friendship, changing up the status quo, and putting down all the theories that the CMC would stop having anything to do after getting their cutie marks.
RAWRity: Speaking of writing...how's yours coming along?
RAWRity: It's not like getting their marks is the only thing holding them together
^
Reikim: on hold for the moment. Swamped with school work, plus planning a party before my friend ships out to the air force.
i just wonder what ganon's up to
RAWRity: still in school? ouch
>
flutterchu: oh dear God no...
:>
RAWRity: There's a ton of stupid schemes they could do that have nothing to do with cutie marks.
RAWRity: Ah, I know that feeling...I just got hit with a bunch of stuff myself. Luckily, I managed to get myself posted on EQD before I did :)
ah
until July 11
Jun
double ouch
What if Discord, Nightmare Moon and Queen Chrysalis JOIN FORCES!?????????????
Can I have a 4.1 mp3 @ 320kbps to test out?
otakon: i know I hate those games
SO! Who is excited for the Extended Cut DLC for ME3?
:{
Dark92Enigma: sounds like an awful idea tbh
Why would Discord need to join forces with anyone?
Dark92Enigma: then plots would not exist]
why are the games that link talks in are the ones that suck
He's just in it for the lols.
RAWrity..............Yeah........back to the old drawing board LOL
generally speaking, 2 villains teaming up tends to cheapen their characters, or rob them of what made them interesting.
Dark92Enigma: well, considering NMM is no longer out there, it's already been put forth that Discord and Chrysalis teaming up would probably be hilarious
flutterchu: no idea
otakon that's true
otakon: Discord is trapped.
otakon: Somewhat. They'd better find to reverse all of the mass relays exploding, otherwise any ending is gonna be pretty dark
NEW VILLAIN, PERHAPS?
Reikim: he got out from the CMC just FIGHTING in his presence... I'm not sure him being in stone is super permanent
WWE cameo?
Honestly I'd be more interested in, say, Discord and Chrysalis trying to enact plans for revenge, only for their plans to colide and cause eachother to fail.
otakon: Well...I've heard some theories that his containment is a little more permanent this time...
SolairePony89: no changes, only added dialogue and scenes explaining the ending better
SolairePony89: so yeah, ending is still pretty dark for everyone
surround mp3s (especially 4.1 material) are hard to come by, and hard to decode
Internet personality cameo? (Nostalgia Critic, AVGN)?
otakon: IIRC, the CMC fighting wasn't the cause of him breaking out. It was that Celestia and Luna being disconected from the EoH, all the spells they cast with them no longer held power.
flutterchu: no, no you are not. but she'll never have the muscle to do it
flutterchu: Would cheapen the move. It's Dash's signature move. Nobody else can use it, else it loses significance for her as a character.
Nobody likes them :p
however, this 448kps AC3 is almost 4.1
03get proper 5.1?
otakon: Well, damnit I sure hope they don't say that everyone died anyway, because it seems like that's the only thing that could happen
bye
http://www.mediafire.com/?dtmlbcqy7crel7w'
bye flutterchu take care of yourself
http://www.mediafire.com/?dtmlbcqy7crel7w
all the Mass Effect games don't matter since they are just stories told by an old man
See ya flutterchu
Bye flutterchu :)
I'M OUT OF IDEAS.....................
nevermind
setect "2 front 2 rear" setup in VLC
/me Makes duckface
bye flutterchu
/me For no reason
moop
But that would requireeffort
RAWRity: On a related note, why DID that disconnect happen? I like to think that, when Celestia banished her sister to the moon, it broke their bond and thus the bond they had with the Elements.
i said NEVERMIND
SolairePony89: well, we know from the scene at the end that everything SOMEHOW works out.... but they explain NOTHING or how much time had passed
to find 1 speakwer
*speaker
:P
Reikim: Elements picked new bearers, reset basically I think.
spoiler: season 3 premier will be a two part ending on a cliffhangar :)
Reikim: eenope. What broke the power was Twilight and the others becoming the new bearers of the EoH, meaning that all the spells that Luna and Cel cast with them broke.
Ryunosuke: THE HELL MAN!
ARGH!
Ryunosuke: doubtful.
/me rages
its worked so far :)
WHY GODDAMMIT WHY!?!?!?!?!?!?!
and otakon you say fluttershy deosnt have the muscles but if she thinks of discord or trying to save rainbow dash
RAWRity: Okay then, building off that: how did they become the new bearers? This one has always been a headscratcher for me.
otakon: Because your internet is slow. What're you raging about?
I GOT IT!!!!!! What about...............Ryunosuke WHY U SPOIL?????
Meanwhile: 2 parter cliffhanger for the S3 premiere apparently from Ryunosuke
MMMMMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAARAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WILSSSSSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
0,14...
flutterchu: well yeah, but she wasn't going full speed either
/me rages with otakon for no reason and tehn glomps Meanwhile
Does Audacity have a 4speaker option too?
XD
otakon: The scene at the end was WAY to vague. Odds are that was some small colony that survived after all the mass relays were destroyed. The whole fleet in the Sol System is still doomed, as are many other planets unfortunately
otakon: According to what source?
I am just saying, season one, and season two were both 2 parters that ended on a cliffhanger after the first episode :)
Reikim: I'm pretty sure they became the new bearers because the EoH were inert after Luna was sent to the moon.
Meanwhile: Ryunosuke
no
Shame
Reikim: easy. The elements lay dormant after Cel used them to imprison NMM. When 6 ponies who embodied the elements came together, along with Twi's magic, they unlocked the full powers of the EoH. Thus why they turned NMM back into luna, rather than sending her to the moon again.
/me installs vlc then
Ryunosuke: they wouldn't DARe do it to us again....would they?
do you have WMP with codecs?
otakon: what if twilight (even though I hate her) forces fluttershy to go really fast with magic
Ryunosuke Oh so, no official date, no real info at all?
otakon: Oh. That all?
Meh.
or MPC/HC?
http://images.4chan.org/b/src/1340595192721.jpg
RAWRity: Then why did Celestia have to send Luna to the moon in the first place? She had all the Elements.
Dark92Enigma, not really :p
flutterchu: she'd never do it, but why the hate on the main character?
What if the world was made of pudding?
I have a couple codecs for WMP
and otakon why not? :p
Reikim: she couldn't unlock their full potential on her own.
What if Nightmare Moon was phone?
Reikim: she couldn't use them to their full potential on her own.
Meanwhile: silly, Ponies don't have phones.
It would be NMM was telegraph
RAWRity: lol.
Ryunosuke then that was...............ENTIRELY POINTLESS (Nostalgia Critic reference)
otakon: she's not the main character she just steals screentime i have proof because there called the MANE 6
you need to go to Namek to unlock the full potential
sagas[A]: that is without a doubt the most HORRIFYING THING I HAVE EVER SEEN
evening, everypony! :) How are we all tonight?
0,14oh hai Sylandest
sagas[A]: dear GOD man I WANTED TO SLEEP TONIGHT
otakon: I thought it looked unsettling
sagas[A]: it does
worth a shot trying every media player you have, if it doesn't check your OS & app settings,
howdy, SaxyPretender! How are you? :)
0,14I am OKAY
and try switching from line 2 to line 3
/me looks behind him to make sure IT is not there....
or VV
sagas[A]: oh dear god i wanted to dream about kissing fluttershy agian
SaxyPretender: that is GOOD, I hope? :D
well
otakon: Am I IT?
0,14yep XD
:3
SaxyPretender: huzzah! :D
the soundblaster config program says I'm doing 4.1 fine
RAWRity: Fair enough. Next question: we know Nightmare Moon's canon origin story. But then, Faust has stated (not in her capacity as creator, and admitted bullshitting) that NMM was partly due to the interference of some outside force. Which one do you prefer; and if the latter, what do you think about said outside force returning for a later episode?
so does windoes
:s
SaxyPretender: you startin?
TOY_PON3: no, THIS is IT
http://images.4chan.org/b/src/1340595192721.jpg
sagas[A]: I DIDNPT NEEDED THE SLEEP, ANYWAY
/me falls back into chat.
otakon: ...
0,14Shamroc, you best not be starting
welcome back, LadyCanary
/me catches LadyCanary
@_@
0,14oh hai LadyCanary
Clsoe one.
hiya LadyCanary
hi LadyCanary long time no see
otakon: STOP IT!!!!!!!!!!
sagas[A]: DIDN'T
I cant sleep and I have Summer School tomorrow
Dark92Enigma: My plan is working
wat do
Und dann LadyCanary. Allo.
:O OMG!!! TOY_PON3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *hugs*
everypony how do i kick someone
SaxyPretender...nah man yer the one startin.... Meanwhile saxy be startin
/me gives LadyCanary some convinently placed punch and pie.
0,14you don't
flutterchu: You don't. You beg a mod to do it for you.
flutterchu: you can't, only mods can do that
Shamroc: Saxy better stop startin
/me hugs LadyCanary back :) "Nice seeing you again."
0,14woah, I think Meanwhile and Shamroc are starting
well if there are Elements of Harmony, it would be safe to assume there maybe a seperate set of Elements that are their opposites
Hallo everypony <3
LadyCanary: how are youd ear?
(Flutterchu is wrapped a bit too tight for Bronystate...)
Elements of Disorder?
Anyone seen Alicorn_Prince_Shane arroudnd lately??
DeadpoolDash: Elements of Disharmony?
SaxyPretender: nah man, I think they already started. Like, ages ago.
otakon: this is why i don't like to trust people
hey LadyCanary!
DuskStarshimmer: not lately tbh
SaxyPretender: we aint startin...yer the one who be startin...stop startin ye slag
Today is my special somepony's birthday, otakon :3 but I didnt see him today ;_; but ive beengoood.
something like that otakon
flutterchu: you'll be okay
SaxyPretender: yer the one startin you slag.
flutterchu Like so! BANGBANGBANBANGBANGBANG!
MahBoi777! =D
LadyCanary: well good to hear :)
0,14Reikim, they're started because they're slags
TOY_PON3!:D
Chaos, Theivery, Boastfullness,
Okay, anyway, fun as this is, I want to do a bit of work before I sleep. Night, all/
0,14later DocSane
Reikim: This is where I have to disagree with Faust. Making it be some outside force that messed with luna essentially takes away her own agency in the whole thing, and takes away from her character's depth. Instead of being a proud/jealous character, wanting to be appreciated, she becomes a pawn used by some undefined evil thing.
flutterchu Oh, i thought you said ''shoot'
Night DocSane
bye DocSane
:O RAWRity!!
13SAXY
13SINFEST
13GO GO GO
Night DocSane
Thanks otakon, I'm a tiny bit Worried, But I don't think there is anything to worry abbout
Shizuka: wat?
:3 Shizu Shizu
13:D
hey shizu
LadyCanary!!
13canary canary~<3
Shizuka: sinfest??????
SpeedyBolt: more like Dishonesty, Selfishness, Anger, Cruelty, Loneliness, Apathy I wold think
0,14YES
0,14GOD IS BACK
wat
Shizuka: Sinfest?
SaxyPretender: NO! :[
13sinfest
LadyCanary: canary mary from banjo tooie?
O.o
it's like the old times ^^
SaxyPretender: God?
Chaos has to be one :p
0,14sinfest
I am SO lost right now
0,14http://www.sinfest.net/
Sumica is stil online >.<
SpeedyBolt: not really
Nope, flutterchu. Canary as in Black Canary.
/me does not understand, but lols anyway
perhaps her own situation led the outside force to her and took her over the edge?
Mary Canary?
13canary as in wub~
^
What's the best WMP codec pack?
0,14I think we're in for hilarity since God's back
^o^
LadyCanary: aiight then
RAWRity: Personally, I find a balance between the two. Let's say Luna felt underappreciated, yes? This is fact. I won't disagree with that. Now let's say that she then, because she feels underappreciated, decides to dabble in forces she shouldn't deal with. This then leaves her open to some other entity, who takes hold of that jealousy and then twists it to his own purposes, giving her a powerup in the process. How's that?
SaxyPretender: OH! God is back
0,14yep
dat conversation
/me YOU PRESSED THE WRONG BUTTON!!!!!!!!!!!
Sorry for textwalling
You mean GLOB.
otakon: I am not quite getting whats going on...but something good, right? :$
Dark92Enigma: he broke THE RULES?
Dark92Enigma: you broke the rules!
glob is back!
Sylandest: it's a online comic
0,14that deadpool death quote
Sylandest: called sinfest
I liek Deadpool <3
Well now i'm tired and hungry
Atleast i'm not thirsty <3
I liek Deadpool too.
otakon: ahhh, I see. Now it makes more sense. Ty :)
Deadpool is best pony
darn, brb need a drink
yes
:3
OMG at AnimeNEXT I saw a Pink Deadpool (and he made it for breast cancer awareness, and he had a wink) and I held his gun :3
Is'nt Deadpool an anime?
OBJECTION *slams table* deadpool is a TOY_PON3
0,14eenope
/me facepalms.
0,14Deadpool is a comic book character
Thanks Dari
flutterchu: O:
0,14The Merc With a Mouth
Reikim: better, but it still makes her mostly innocent in the affair. At worst, she's ill-advised and stupid for messing with magic beyond her grasp, while here becoming NMM because she lets her feelings of inferiority and rejection fester makes her a more complex, and IMO, relateable character.
Deadpool is Marvel comics.
Deadpool is sooo not an anime :P
SaxyPretender: the 4th wall breaker right?
0,14The Regeneratin' Degenerite
@SaxyPretender i put that quote out of boredom.........
Very good Marvel comics in fact.
0,14yep
the Crimson Comedian
^
Sprite I love you <3
SaxyPretender: thats why he is my steam avatar allong with pinkiepool..
SaxyPretender: Ah, thanks. Could a sworn that I heard of an anime with Deadpool in it though
00,10Yeah I am still here
/me nods. http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m638u7E7sC1rw1csro1_1280.jpg
SolairePony89! WELCOME TO DIE!!!!!
You know who could kill Deadpool? Death of the Endless.
00,10what did you need MasterBoss43?
LadyCanary: Haha that tumblr post!
Deadpool makes a lady feel good about herself ^o^
/me welcomes die O.o
RAWRity: Fair enough.
hiya Sumica
hi Sumica
Dark92Enigma: I AM THE MASTER OF MAGNET!
Who msg'd me?
MasterBoss43: Sumica did
Uhhh ok.....
Deadpool is cursed to not die, cause Thanos is jealous of Deadpool's relationship with Death
0,14^
MasterBoss43: YOU HAVE SUMMONED THE MIGHTY AND POWERFUL SUMICA!
RAWRity: As I recall, Deadpool and Death are totally hot for each other.
Sumica'a here?
otakon Oh yeah? I just beat Wolverine, and I DIDN'T NEEDED OPTIC BLASTS!!!!! MUHAHAHAHAHAHA
Deadpool has breasteses on his chesteses
I diden't need anything Sumica, just you singing the indian version of flim flam brothers! :D
Meanwhile: It's an on-off thing, IIRC
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5kf9gE4Ru1rqoyjbo1_500.jpg :3 this is the Deadpool I met.
Meanwhile: that's the Marvel Death. Death of the Endless is DC.
and she's awesome.
Dark92Enigma: I got nothing, that's all I remember
.< otakon....
RAWRity: Eh, I like Marvel more.
MasterBoss43: wat?
SaxyPretender: lol
I like DC. Because my waifu.
dat pink deadpool
0,14Pink Deadpool with a Lancer from Gears of War?
0,14sweet.
LadyCanary: but your a girl....GIRLS DON'T HAVE WAIFU'S?
My chat is lagging so i can't see some bits of it....
I held it, SaxyPretender
RAWRity: So what do you expect from Season 3?
0,14did you chainsaw people with it?
Hi fellow bronies!
LadyCanary: You lucky bastard :P
Reikim: Ponies.
LadyCanary: deadpool isnt pink TAKE THAT!!!!!!!!!!!!! http://images.wikia.com/marvelvscapcom/images/c/ca/Deadpool.png
that's about it.
Hi mikebond3401 :P
Hehe
meat armor is best armor
Ok? :P
'Ello mikebond3401
:$
RAWRity: Considering what show we're talking about...good call.
...The thing is, that Deadpool made that pink costume for breast cancer awareness.
The Endless, for reference: http://images.wikia.com/marvel_dc/images/b/bc/Endless_001.jpg
otakon He'res another one.....YOU DID RECORDED THAT, DIDN'T YA PLAYER......DIDN'T YA??......:D.......WHADDYAMEAN, YOU WEREN'T RECORDING IT :[ ???????
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5kg1hRAyX1rqoyjbo1_1280.jpg See?
Well, it's 5AM and I'm dying. So I'm gonna go beat the hay senseless.
Hello? 0_0
G'night everypony
Dark92Enigma: dat Deadpool
/me passes Bronysith some Humulin R
Bronysith: Oh god! YES1
0,14later Meanwhile
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-9Oj5diRXk3c/TmRkBUTYClI/AAAAAAAAOFA/AOnfLyNKmtk/s1600/deadpool-meat-suit.jpg
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9
bye Meanwhile sleep well
hello mikebond3401
0,14Dark92Enigma, I can't read those quotes without hearing the voice clip
I <3 Mlp and :)
Goodnight Meanwhile :)
later Meanwhile
Bye Meanwhile!
the traditional emote hello
0,14watch the emote usage, mikebond3401
DeadpoolDash: dat meat armor
All right, I'm going to have to sleep now...night everyone.
later Meanwhile
mikebond3401: That's smily spam :$
0,14later Reikim
i still want to be an emo
night Reikim
night Reikim sleep well man
11,01mikebond3401: Don't spam smileys please.
O:
:3 Nittany_Discord!
Ugh fine
Bunny_Maid_Luna: Bunny! <3
11,01LadyCanary!
RAWRity: what was that?
Hello everyone!
OK.....gotta go everypony------Need some inspiration in case of a fanfic/crossover
Night Reikim
bye Dark92Enigma take care
cya Dark92Enigma
So what did you guys say to me?
@nittany_discord u r admin
?
hello Resonantwaves
And hello Resonantwaves
later Dark92Enigma
0,14later Dark92Enigma and hello Resonantwaves
Irish_Pony: Hey Wolfy :)
snik bub
otakon: MLP meets Gaiman's The Sandman
mikebond3401: he's a mod
i like trixie because i read a fanfic where she and fluttershy fall in love
ohh
Cya Dark92Enigma
RAWRity: ah, never read taht comic
AND IT WORKS SO PERFECTLY.
mikebond3401: if they have colors in the name...avoid making them mad
Oh god.
11,01No mikebond3401. I'm a mod.
chat blow up!
Bunny_Maid_Luna: Guess who asked? :$
and so it did
Also, SaxyPretender, no I did not ^^" but he got all the bitches. An otakon well I has a waifu and her name is Dinah Lance.
TOY_PON3: chat doesn't do that, Nittany_Discord does.
She told me to stop spammiing smileys :)
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
otakon: I know that silly :P
I can just SEE Dream getting all googly for Rarity or Dash.
BUY SOME APPLEZ
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4sycmSsRN1rse7k9o1_1280.jpg
Woah my vidio is taking WAY too long
oh hai MakerDusk......
to load
and then he would make it rain for days on end when it didn't work out.
:D
heya Shamroc
mikebond3401: lol the stream is down for noew
Irish_Pony: On tumblr?
NOOOOOO
Bunny_Maid_Luna: :)
Okk
MakerDusk: sooo you gonna break chat today? ;p
is deadpool like your favorite villan or somthing
DeadpoolDash: did Wade just.........he did didn't he?
let's blow it up!
/me facehooves
Shamroc: I don't break the chat!!!
hence the name DeadpoolDash
that song was trippy
/me fixes it
first ;
flutterchu: deadpool aint no danred villan..hes just insane..
:s
Do u think derpy should be reamed??? I dont
Hasbro does though
flutterchu: he's not a villain, he's the Merc with the Mouth! He's neutral chaotic is all, but generally a decent guy.
MakerDusk: ya SUUUUURE? cause it sems to me like you enjoy breakin stuff
So I seem to be making some kind of floating fortress of trees in minecraft.
Shamroc: i know i read about him
Facehoof 2X combo /)_(\
Hey! It's Deadpool! I shot you~~~
lolwut
Deadpool does what he wants
:3
GOOD NIGHT EVERYPONY and as always MAY THE FORCE BE WTIH YOU AND PIERCE THE HEAVENS WITH YOUR DRILL
later Bronysith
Deadpool dont give a shit
Goooodnight Brony
night Bronysith sleep well man
big companies tend to get nervous when sympathetic human rights groups start complaining
Minecraft + Pokemon + Mlp + Nintendo = My Life
cya Bronysith you un-orginal bastard...
0,14later Bronysith
:)
night Bronysith
Night
Night Bronysith :)
goddammit Makerdusk, stop ruining my sleep with this nonsense D:<
mikebond3401: when do ya sleep/shower/eat/crap?
mikebond3401: that's impossible to imagine
Bye Bronysith
Funfact: There was one Deadpool mini-series written by the author/artist of the webcomic "The Adventures of Dr. McNinja"
you stalker :I
RAWRity: XD
Uhhhhhh
http://chanarchive.org/content/51_v/17833201/1216282495828.jpg
dat title
I meant to add other??
dat logic
Bunny_Maid_Luna: *dances like a wounded animal* :D
that miniseries? "Deadpool: Fear Itself"
MakerDusk...moop..that is all
TOY_PON3: how ya doin today?
hmm?
Hey Toy Pony!
0,14oh right, i forgot he did that, RAWRity
moop?
sorry got distracted there for a sec
MahBoi777: Pretty damn good Mah Boi, pretty damn good
da hell is a moop
hi mikebond3401
Derpy|Asleep: what did I do?
Moop...
bleh, too slow
Irish_Pony: I CAN NOT dance :D
http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/weekend.png
Bunny_Maid_Luna: I can teach you :)
TOY_PON3: that's great!
/me ponders the meaning of moop
i can't beleve that there next wimpy kid movie is dog days they just skip the last straw
/me tears of joy. Dat post RAWRity
ah yes those
mhm
Remember the ep when pinkie babysat the cakes kids? I <3 that ep so funny! :O Oink!
mikebond3401: yeah we kinda do.........
Going to the Mountains July 4th!First trip up there in a while :D
MahBoi777: How bout yourself?
I knoq
Ahhh good eps good eps
Bunny_Maid_Luna: Neat :)
TOY_PON3: I'm great! thanks for askin
Anytime buddy
Bunny_Maid_Luna: hope you have fun, also make sure to take LOTS of water and a compass
Bunny_Maid_Luna: Have fun :)
what episode of mlp was the first you ever watched
mine was season 2 episode 23 ponyville confedential
flutterchu: the first one
flutterchu: Season 1 episode 1 -_-
^
(Sarcasm) Cod Drones are SOOOO much more nice than those n00b bronies! Remember that sarcasm!
Sea ponies ep
mikebond3401: wait, WAT?
newbies..yea
SARCASM\
dat sarcasm
mikebond3401: no I know it's sarcasm but who said that?
I <3 Mlp
lol
garrys mod
we know
He of course i do. we all do!
/me eats burger out of randomness
LOL
^
...
mikebond3401: i never knew that I <3 fluttershy
Shiuka, flash player STILL hasn't had an update that allows it to be used in FireFox again...
>_< i should really go to bed
goodnight guys
*Shizuka
11,01flutterchu: Look Before You Sleep was my first full one.
/me cries.
anyone else going to Comic-Con?
SOO nice but can be brave and tough while being nice and sensitive. = Fluttershy
LadyCanary: its ok!...moop..uhh.....yeah thats all i got
gnight solaire pony!
DeadpoolDash: Yeah in my dreams
I'm excited for Tuesday.
why
LadyCanary: don't get down! you are still allowed to cosplay her!
I'll be there this year
/me pats LadyCanary, you do a good Black Canary, so don't fret
I'm excited for tomorrow
Nittany_Discord: i knew mlp before i watched an episode i knew who twilight rainbow fluttershy and trixie were
RAWRity: Dawnguard?
ohh
O.O
;__;
TOY_PON3: What's tomorrow?
Nittany_Discord: and applebloom
DERP
DAWNGUARD COMES OUT TUESDAY!
SolairePony89: Maybe meet the pyro video
and I'm getting it yay
otakon: ;~;
TOY_PON3: WOAH! Where'd you hear this?!
/me cries
Facepalms my self out of frustration of failure
otakon: nope. Teenage Bottlerocket's new album comes out Tuedsay
TOY_PON3: that wud be awesome lol
SolairePony89: Been out for awhile now. rumors that is
SolairePony89...the video is prob coming monday according to the steam forms
^
RAWRity: the hell is Teenage Bottlerocket?
08,01okay, so i slept for about an hour
well, technically it comes out the first weeks of july, but I pre-ordered, so I can download my digital copy on tuesday.
the first pony video i ever watched was phoenix wright mlp fim part 1 of 4
MEET THE PYRO!
mmmph
TOY_PON3: I've heard of the partership between Adult Swim and Valve, and that it might be something related to Meet the Pyro, but nothing definite
otakon: one of the greatest punk bands of our era.
08,01but was awoken by a dream i had involving Shizuka and core memory
otakon: AWHERE?1
SolairePony89: That too
New Metalocalypse time <3
If i have technical problems i have to ask Derpy, seems legit.
be right back
I love Dethklok
FlareChaser: we're talking that it MIGHT be coming out Tuesday
brb
otakon: thought it was out tomorrow.
08,01otakon: i dunno, sometimes i sleep for an hour and can't sleep anymore, sometimes i sleep for 20 hours at a time
/me 's chat died :(
08,01she is omnipresent
FlareChaser: ....well it IS Monday morning technically
He funny little story I fell asleep on the couch woke up at 8 slept 3 hrs thought it was the next day so I. Well, u get the point
duct tape duct tape duct tape duct tape duct tape
otakon: not in Canada or US I think.
duct tape fixes EVERYTHING
lolol
08,01Ponies47: i've done that
and I love the sound it makes
If you can't fix it with duct tape, you aren't using enough duct tape
08,01fallen asleep in the afternoon, woken up a few hours later and it's barely light outside
^
08,01i thought it was early morning
08,01but it was late evening
I should go on a cod chat and spam MLP FIM FTW!!!! J/k
otakon: prob sometime around noon...seattle time....thats where vavle is based right?
The duct tape Mythbuster specials were great :$
be right back
SolairePony89: Ikr?
mikebond3401: DO EEEET
13how many ponies here have gmod?
?
Shizuka: OH OH MEH!
TOY_PON3: I love Mythbusters. Best show ever!
11,01I do.
08,01i need to be at work in 4 hours
11,01Why?
13wonder if i could interest ponies in a gmod server some time
gmod?
yes
13also beta is out
MythBusters ftw
yes
Wut is it???
11,01Beta of what?
Then count me in!
08,01Shizuka: have you ever played with core memeory
13i'm going to see tomorrow if wiremod works on gmod13
SolairePony89: It is
13nope
Shizuka: you mean gmod 13? thats invite only i heard
2nd to mlp
13http://account.garrysmod.com/
08,01Shizuka: in my dream, you were trying to upload your consciousness into core memory
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-D8LJ8f6ZKrc/TzCfZJNevtI/AAAAAAAAAUE/Mmqau3bqMC8/s1600/ryan%2B3.jpg
wat is gmod though???
13you sign in through steam, presumably if you have gmod it gives you a key
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/#f/5264/ <- Think about posting this on my Facebook. Not my Ponies47 Facebook. My Facebook of me in real life :P
13garry's mod
there we go
MLP is good and all, but it isn't in my top 3 Tv shows
dat stream
Oooo, stream!
USB STOP FRIGGIN DYING
stream
oh whats this?
I spy a stream
stream!!
do you have 2 speakers behind you?
it's Nittany_Discord
YAY
cool
Uhhh...
what game is this?
No idea what game this is
don't know which game though
Nittany_Discord: speak up man
VOICES
Hey where can i get a brony shirt?
So, anybody know how to get the newest version of Flash Player to work with firefox?
Nittany_Discord: now we can hear you
ow
whoa
Shizuka: where would i got to put the key in?
ow
Ello, livestreamer.
ouch...
MY EARS
oh mah ear
what was THAT
FFFFFFFF
mikebond3401: We <3 FINE
ow..
its gona keep repeating
13steam
11,01Lol.
noo!!
13add a game
Hi Nittany_Discord. What game is this?
And that was bucking loud!
welovefine has brony shirts
Nittany_Discord: ECHO MAN DEAR GOD ECHO
OOh :3 Pink Floyd.
Nittany_Discord: Stop with the blowing! No earrape!
wth did i just hear
11,01Hard Reset.
suddenly my ears are bleeding
load
evil laugh
plz
03LOL this Futurama episode
Nittany_Discord: I was thinking that, actually
I hear "LOVE ME!"
03implying that Da Vinci was an alien
Ah, okay.
so the other day, I had to struggle to help somebody with IT work over the phone.
13i saw the WTF IS for hard reset, looked interesting
otakon it is a autosound....
MasterBoss43: lovely
hey
could u load?
NOPE
Not even HARD IT stuff. It was just how to disable a firewall.
Can't
:D
00,10comes from you bad mic
It's a bootlegged 41.
4.1 ;-;
u sure?
dis gon b gud
BRB :p
well
but the friend who was asking me hadn't a god damn clue about her computer.
CHAT DERP HOLD ON! :[
Nittany_Discord: not really, your fine
the extra 2 are to the far left and right
Didn't eve know what operating system she had on it.
woah cool
> PC by my bedside
oh
> bed is near wall
:v
Yeah
Chat derp back
Well
:)
4.1.5
hy
Wb ponibas
is sorta damaged
Hay gurl hay
Er, i mean Ponies47
WHY ISN'T MY L4D2 UPDATING!?
HI
he
and is fussy when it wants to work
:D
lololol
hiya LadyKlok
Wow, I hav the EXACT same Steam skin...
ou
SolairePony89: Thanks you
xD
BRB
Dats cool though
What game is this?
http://www.welovefine.com/2689-7002-large/peace-love-ponies.jpg
anyway, that's Beyonce: Single Ladies
so, you changed into your metal gear huh LadyKlok?
thought u didnt hav chat open
otakon: Because it hates you for some reason :P
Doom?
Yes yes otakon
Never heard it before
sagas[A]: Hard Reset
niiiiceeee
I moved the vocals around the speakers because there was not much else to do
I see
Well
dat FlareChaser on the stream
SolairePony89: no, it's on his message screen from JRP2234
it did work
SolairePony89: if you look close enough
and I could hear a difference between the speakers
Nittany_Discord: Mind turning up the brightness? I can hardly see
:p
and on a 1-D surround system, too
What steam thingy do you use??
I use steam for steam.
How was it 1D?
;)
How is that even possible o-o
08,01http://i.imgur.com/OM1yU.jpg
because all the speakers are in front of you
in a line
otakon: Ah
yeah
Not really 'lined'
Back :)
FlareChaser: except for the graphics
wish i had a mic, or webcam, or comp cap
Wb again Ponies47
anyway, remember some months ago i was saiyan all 3 eva osts are available in surround?
BEST HAIKU EVER http://imgur.com/gallery/ERFa4
SolairePony89: Thank you agian :P
as the RL and RR are just closer to me though
Yeah?
:o
LIFE still has the most REALISTIC GRAPHICS LEETNESS EVER!
I can finally download them properly
:c
Ok i get it
hello im back
http://www.mediafire.com/?b4cjzp0ndsfzc
3 songs
DAts gmod
otakon: actually there are some HD monitors that have better resolution than real life.
otakon: 1337ness*
RAWRity: woah
/me tests the main theme
shove it into a VLC playlist, 2F2R audio setup
*Mind explodes*
/me thinks this game is being run on a potatoe
/me wishes he could play this and Painkiller
sagas[A]: no, just laggy stream
woah look at Nittany_Discord kick ass!
oh come on!!!!!!!!!!!! a first person shooter i wanna see some pewdiepie
otakon: Could be framerate too
flutterchu: complain more. that'll work out well.
flutterchu: you are seeing pew pew pew
AH LAG!
Lazars.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LadyKlok: ALWAYS lazors
Nope.
Daaaamn, that guy is huge
otakon: but no stephano
So, what game is this?
please tell me when you switch to the second song, do you hear the vocals/sur spkrs? I'm intrested to see whether VLC switches setup between songs (on mine it does)
Hard Reset
Nittany_Discord: you need to move BEFORE he fires dammit!
Eddmario: Skyrim
Nittany_Discord: just shoot once if that's all the time you have!
RAWRity: If only...
hey
Eddmario: it's Hard Reset
RAWRity :3
hello megan
o-o
'Ello megan
Well Bye Im going to bed See u lates Bye!!!:):D<3
LadyCanary!
The first song
sounds awesome
night mikebond3401 sleep well
Later mikebond3401
Thx!
o.o
U to guys!
/me noms RAWRity :3
what game is this dig dug
Night mikebond3401 :)
Mikebond3401 OUT (for now
dat charger beam sound
Nah, flutterchu. It's Galaga.
BZZZZZ
heyyyyyy dig dug was a classic
LadyCanary: be careful, I'm extra spicy jalapeno flavor tonight.
PEW
Well, at least this works
mikebond3401: looks ALOT like dig dug to me
...Oh fack Im allergic to jalapeno RAWRity D:
LadyCanary: QUICK GO GET AN EPIPEN
But..needles.
umm
what is this?
Hard Reset
Oh hi LadyCanary :3
LadyCanary: Needles or your life. NEEDLES OR YOUR LIFE.
/me stabs self with needle.
AIR.
ouch
/me hands LadyCanary a bandaid
YOU WERE SUPPOSED TO FILL IT WITH ADRENALINE
RAWRity: I'M ALIIIIIIIIIIIIVE
LadyCanary: sometimes i like to cut myself to releve the pain ehehee toot
0,14...
:D
TMI.
yeah
flutterchu: that's a bad habit.
I get vocals on the front 2
^
RAWRity: yeah i don't want to remember that show
I should know. I spend 6 months getting my ex-gf to stop it.
at the correct volume?
*spent
/me goes for popcorn
yeah
sounds much louder in 2+2 than 2
a'wwww splattered
ther COMMENTARY :O
that being said
is someone recording this?
/me squeals with joy
Alrighty! Bed time! Good night everypony! Take care and behave! :D My apologies to you, Nittany_Discord... (i think youre the one streaming)
you know, for prosperity
0,14larer RaveBrony
night RaveBrony sleep well
I'm still screwing witht the volume levels of the extra speakers
Bye RaveBrony!
they're a bit louder than my current pair so
0,14otakon, I think you meant posterity
yeah, back/surround speakers usually shouldn
SaxyPretender: that's it! damn my spelling
't be louder than the front
0,14...unless you meant you want him t get rich in which case you DO mean prosperity XD
oh hey.
I just found another reason to dislike Justin Bieber: he's the reason that "Call me, Maybe" song got popular.
08,01http://i.imgur.com/cEQaf.jpg
that canadian motherfucker.
....
RAWRity: ..........................goddammit Canada LEAVE MUSIC ALONE!
08,01LadyCanary: i armed it.
LOL
RAWRity: Reasons to be mad at Canada: 1) Tom Green. 2) Bieber 3) Drake
LadyCanary: you should have seen the one with the hedgehog...SO CUTE
...FSIDHJFSKD HEDGEHOG.
WHERE.
0,14Sonic?
08,01LadyCanary: you forgot Celine Dion
0,14>.>
LadyCanary: I don't have it.....
night all
0,14woah
0,14woah
!pokemon
Kosoveon, you are a 10Swampert.
For you see, that song was going nowhere. Then Beiber tweeted about it, saying it was his favorite song. Next week: BAM. #6 ON BILLBOARD
hold on I'll find it
so stressed from exams 6_9
0,14you did not just diss Celine Dion
good afternoon every pony
this game looks awesome
0,14oh hai DeathStar
DeathStar: Afternoon
good afternoon DeathStar!:)
DeathStar: good evening
:| SING THE SONG OF HER PEOPLE, SaxyPretender
im gonna sing the doom song now
what's this about Celine now?
Celine is great
0,14^
oops!
especially in French
hold on I found it
she only had one good song
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0f90grcNf1qigj88o1_500.gif
doom doom de doom doom doom
She has several good ones
there we go
in French
But we can all agree that Celine DIon>>>>>>Tom Green.
LadyCanary: yes...dear god yes
SAUSAGES.
Celine comes from QUEBEC
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
lolsad
My computer just fucked up on me completely..I blame Derpy because she's on my background
LadyCanary: DADDY WOULD LIKE SOME SAU-SA-GES? DADDY WOULD YOU LIKE SOME SAUSAGE?
...I WILL END YOU RAWRity
the volume has to be 3:1 (new vs old) for it to sound decent
urgh
LadyCanary: I'M A FARMER DADDY! LOOK AT ME DADDY! I'M A FARMER!
GODDAMN YOU USB WORK RIGHT!
Oh god after watching the Nostalgia Chick review Freddy Got Fingered I cant stop watching that review, RAWRity
What the hell is going on.
LadyCanary: did you see it?
otakon1: patience my friend.
hello
anypony chatting
helloooooooo
???
come on chat somepony
send a link anything
CHAT SOMEONE
though
0,14...wat
CrimsonPhoenix: Freddie Got Fingered is going on.
spam..
And then a kick.
3 ways to control audio levels
wheeeee
RAWRity, heh?
RAWRity: DING DONG.
08,01i love the BUCK committee: http://pastebin.com/YRBTgxzA
CrimsonPhoenix: sorry, meant CriticKitten
Oh boy
so, once again CUTE HEDGEHOG
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m0f90grcNf1qigj88o1_500.gif
Something tells me I'm going to get ping by mistake quite often
I've seen that before otakon but SCREMAING.
otakon: I don't get it
TOY_PON3: it's cute
:|
:P
scremaing LadyCanary?
WITH JOY
/me returns with his popcorn ^.^
LadyCanary: btw, you ever catch up on YJ?
So much pew pew
RAWRity: DONT TELL ME THERE WAS A NEW EP
LadyCanary: no, the show's on hiatus ATM.
Oh thank god.
well every pony i am going
I was just wondering, because I wanted to know what you thought of the last ep.
I didnt see it ;3;
bye bye everypony
LadyCanary: GO WATCH IT. THINGS HAPPEN THAT I WISH TO DISCUSS.
brb gotta do somethin
also, what was the last ep you saw?
0,14not sure if slow chat, or I'm lagging
Om: pew pew everywhere
RAWRity: WHERE CAN I FIND IT.
SaxyPretender: Slow chat
0,14gotcha
LadyCanary: Watchcartoononline.com
Sylandest: Oh hi thar
Om: :D howdy! How are you tonight? :)
RAWRity: I'll save it for later, since I've gotta head to bed soon
Sylandest: Good, yourself?
have a headdack 6_9
LadyCanary: k. but what's the last ep you saw?
Chat is so quiet:(
0,14oh yeah, LadyCanary, RURRUUUUUUUUUUUS didn't get quite carried over
Om: good as well, happy to be home and off work for the next two days
RAWRity: Not sure. o3o
SaxyPretender: I KNOW. WTF.
Ponies47: well it is very late
Sylandest: That's good to hear. Days off are niiiiice
superretroworld: True true :)
I am dissapoint. But the sisters have nice voices, Saxy.
YEEEESSS i knew someone was here
Om: eeyup! I intend to use them to the fullest! XD
heya Om
SaxyPretender: wait........no RURURURURURUS?
MahBoi777: Ello der
/me Hugs SuperBrony64|FOOD because he's SuperBrony64|FOOD :)
SaxyPretender: but that was one of the BEST parts
0,14indeed, LadyCanary
RURUU
Nit is ded :(
Sylandest: By fullest you mean hangign around the interwebs?
Om: but of course :D
0,14it's hard to carry that over because of languages
Sylandest: Oh how fun~
SaxyPretender: sadly yes
This looks like a cyber punk themed Serious Sam.
SolairePony89: which means no more maid service :O
Barbetos: it's Hard Reset
Om: hehe, yep! Well, interwebs and telly and noms and whatnot
0,14also, <3 Kneesocks' voice
:3
superretroworld: OH TEH NOES!
Sylandest: Thats a given.
It looks really good for an indie game. I wonder why I have not seen it before.
Nittany_Discord u have garrys mod correct?
SaxyPretender: agreed... I like them and all their proper venom
Om: eeyup! What about you? what do you have going on?
RUUUUUUUUUURUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Barbetos: It flew pretty far under the radar, unfortunately
that gun looks like a tank
i didnt know there were such things as indie games
Sylandest: Not a whole lot, today was kinda different I spose. Nothing really tho.
Om: oh? different how?
Lack of multiplayer is probably what hurt it the most. =\
Dumb fabric
Hey Jun, is the NGE Surround all in .ac3?
Sylandest: Like I said, nothing really.
Om: ahh, right, hehe XD
Barbetos: Seeing as it's on the PC, I doubt that
Ponies47: dumb......uhhhhhh table
i originally downloaded it in FLAC
SolairePony89 oh yeah. I tend to forget about the consoles. =P
150MB a song
MahBoi777: Yay. :>
i compressed it to AC3 for internet distribution
n64 is best console
Ah.
hm..
How many songs?
^
60?
flutterchu: it had no good RPG's
Barbetos: PC > Consoles (And I only have a 360)
http://iammommy.typepad.com/.a/6a00e551040fb78834012877658b86970c-500wi
SolairePony89: ET TU!?
Never had a N64, I was born in 97 :)
PANCAKES
does Blade Runner sounds good for A movie ?
otakon: Yup. I'd give anything for a good PC
75 songs and 8.5GB
Ouch
y no sausages RAWRity
CHOCOLATE!
otakon: i don't even know if it has rpg's
SolairePony89: argh dammit man
O1-3
cartridges were awesome
;-;
LadyCanary: because Pancakes>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
ded
Hm
flutterchu: it has like 4
:|
same songs as the torrent you got off TPB
also, I found the PERFECT B movie
except in surround
Nittany_Discord your not supposed to keep dieing
Andy Worhal's "Empire"
flutterchu: and 3 of those aren't proper turn based RPG's or even similar
don't say Never Say Neve RAWRity...
RAWRity: Nice :)
RAWRity: what?
which is, no joke, an 8 hour static shot of the Empire State Building
Hobo with a Shotgun is the perfect B movie IMO
otakon: never focused on rpg's until i played pokemon i loved banjo kazooie
that'll take me
10hrs
to download
Consoles have done a lot of good things though tbh. Not that there is not anything left to be desired these days really, but the consoles really did help to make what gaming is today. I don't think PC could of ever accomplished what consoles have.
given I can even get seeded at 250KB/S
/me cry
iwndr if i can HEAAC it at 192kps
HEAAC? :s
Here's how you face book
What is the HE part
/me Puts face in book
There you go :)
High-Efficiency
its designed for low-bitraest
Better than the actual facebook
03> ugh, well that sucks
03> apparently this CPU cooler is too fat and makes it so I can't use the last RAM slot
/me pokes panda
But seriously, if I ever get the urge to troll the chat, I'll just put down Andy Worhol's "Vinyl" as my B movie.
Does it still keep its surround o-o
03that's why it was erroring
Om herro ^-^
03not because of wattage
Because good god damn is that thing unwatchable.
yes
SolairePony89: I have 2 Facebooks :P
Okay.
If you have the time
panda: It liveth!?
Then sure
Om of course ^-^
For some reason I havent been getting the newsletter on time.
if i do that, i could possibly get O1-3 downn to a few hundred megs?
but i need to figure out how to batch it
0,14how late are you getting it?
panda: How have you been?
To CMD?
You guys thought that Epic Movie and Babes in Toyland were bad? YOU HAVE NOT EXPERIENCED WORHOL
Om good, enjoying my bday ;)
Later than I should Saxy
i bet there are no eddheads on this server only bronies like me
batch it in f2k or dBPA
or some crazy ffmpeg like program
panda: Oh right, I forgot it was :$
I mean
nah
Om i knwo, thats why the winking face xD
As long as the download isn't > 1.5GB
Then I don't mind xD
it'll be based off qAAC, which is a CLI interface for qucktime AAC
panda: You got me :I
Aha
Om hehe its coolio ^-^
I'm surprised
Though apple loves AAC
:p
quality-wise
swag uber epic coll coolio how many does one word have to mean
Om i spent the day with homework and drawing anyways
hrm, 256kbps will be acceptable
That'll be under 2GB
good morning everypony
i don't have xbox live and im glad i don't
I would think
panda: Drawing those things xD
Om what things ^-^
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0196530/
panda: oh come on...XD
that's my B movie choice.
Sylandest what????
thatd be 500mb ish?
panda: :D nothing, nothing XD
Plot summary: "A single shot of the Empire State Building from early evening until nearly 3 am the next day."
Sylandest shush you
Sylandest: Sylly
Om: aye? :D
panda: *zips lips* :$
lemme check
Sylandest :)
panda: :)
Sylandest hehe you know you want it
Meep
panda: wut? XD
LadyCanary: moop
LadyCanary: meep meep
Merp
LadyCanary: bork
DOINK
Sylandest hehe you knwo ;0
BOOP
;)
0,14BONK
LadyCanary: ding-a-ling-a-ling
panda: :$
DING DONG
Glug Lug
BOINK BONK
RAWRity: how about this one http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0187513/
kathoom
SHZZAMM
somepony_else: LOL
the best part is when the guy turns over in his sleep
Kazzam. >D
:D
I guess each song would be 40-50MB @ average of 3mins
somepony_else: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0130515/
i belleve sleeping is related to meditating
RAWRity: :D
Unless I can't do math.
Best. Movie Title. Ever: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1488163/
RAWRity: Wow. Just... wow
SolairePony89: that's Worhol for ya
RAWRity: Where on earth do you find out about shit like that?
Andy Worhol's entire artistic career can be summed up as him trying his hardest to look like he wasn't trying at all.
3gb > for 3 full CDs give each CD holds 22 songs max
Sylandest panda: Now kiss O_O
So yeah
256 seems fine .v.
Om: wha-wha-what?! XD
unless my math is wrong
and it'll be 300MB
/me spazz
Om what???
Om: *kisses fluttershy*
flutterchu: Right >_>;
His entire message with his art was that anybody could do better than what he did, but because he was provocative he gained success, and thus that modern creativity is hollow and pointless.
panda Sylandest: :D
Om: oh you XD
hey!!!!! no romance online
woah cool game
only romance to ponies
o_o
B-but I has a boifran.
oh hai LadyCanary
ill be right back
Ohai DaringDude
:)
/me glomps DaringDude
WHY AM I SO ITCHY
/me hugz MahBoi777
dis my last tiem online fotr a while :3
:S
:D RX-78-SweetieBot!!!!!!!!!
I cant believe what I have just found
DaringDude: u shall be missed
im back
/me comes back and clicks on RAWRity's Trash Humpers link
....I don't even wanna know
DaringDude: why for so long?
dont be sad i will be in da mountains havin a good time
my job
BronyJenkins ^-^
http://i.imgur.com/Xnoix.jpg
DaringDude: ill be here chatting that i still want to be an emo
good luck DaringDude
thanx :)
hey DaringDude
:)
flutterchu: i havent seen u around recently
Hai TOY_PON3 :3
DaringDude: vacation?
dammit~
lol
DaringDude: when was the last time we met
well, I'm gonna head to bed.
DaringDude: i reconize your name though
i dont think we have
Gotta go to class tomorrow.
night RAWRity
maybe just passerbys
Ohai panda
Night RAWRity :)
gnight RAWRity
BronyJenkins hehe enjoying your phone irc? ;)
i havnt had breakfast of lunch or dinner
0,14later RAWRity
Bye RAWRity!
this game looks ddifficult
flutterchu: eh thats nothing, jesus had nothing for 40 days
Yeah thanks panda. I can talk to bronies anywhere now. :3
superretroworld: But Chavez didn't have his union fast for that long
superretroworld: someone on i shouldnt be alive had nothing for 75 days now i don't want to have an argumeant about jeasus
BronyJenkins hehe yay
TOY_PON3: whos chavez?
:3
what game is this
superretroworld: Cesar Chavez. Jesus as in a mexican name right?
DaringDude: I think someone said it was Galaga
wow never heard of it or seen it
also note, that some of the songs have problems, which i intend to fix some time later, afteri finish analyzing them
DaringDude: Hard Reset
ow
(the problems are mainly to do with surround
TOY_PON3: dont know
its is indeed hard TOY_PON3
DaringDude: And how dare you not know what Galaga is :|
wwell i know what galaga is
no prob
I have all summer
not this game
:c
superretroworld: okay :P I just wanted to confuse you that's all
DaringDude: Sweet :)
DaringDude: LOL sorry
i'll make some quickies soon for you to listen first,
:D
Thanks :p
MahBoi777: It's not Galaga or Hard Reset, it's Super Mario Bros
dat JRP2234
yeah what he said ^
TOY_PON3: I knew it!
I sent JRP2234 a request and dude never accepted it :|
*yawn*
Anyways, soo not looking forward for summer school tomorrow..
0,14well, I'm off to bed
0,14good night everyone, enjoy the stream
TOY_PON3: that sucks
night SaxyPretender
Night SaxyPretender
gnight SaxyPretender
night, SaxyPretender!
night SaxyPretender
TOY_PON3: You have summer school? Ouch
/me has P.E. for summer school
;~;
TOY_PON3: best of luck
Off to bed nows~
Goodnight Saxy!!!
night, LadyCanary!
night LadyCanary
Aww okay night LadyCanary take care
0,14later LadyCanary
And goodnight to me~ xD
Nighty night LadyCanary
Wubwub~
Bye all~
Sylandest: It's gonna be my second week of it already lol
gnight LadyCanary! sleep well
TOY_PON3: oooh...
TOY_PON3: Again, ouch
I got a huge blister on the bottom of my foot
Wtf that gun has rocket launcher or is it a rocket launcher?
thanks to new shoes ._.
Lol.
TOY_PON3: Methinks you should get some different ones then
TOY_PON3: well youre probaly got 4 weeks of it left, summer school only lasts for a month
SolairePony89: But they're running shoes. I need running shoes for running the mile. EVERY.DAY.
GOTTA GO FAST
i miss that show
superretroworld: I have P.E for a week, then two days and that's it. and then next week I have M.W.H. for two weeks and two days
TOY_PON3: Running the mile isn't that difficult. Just need to get some decent shoes
SolairePony89: And that's why I got running shoes
SolairePony89: I had a pair of Vans but I can't run in them anymore
My running shoes are Nikes btw
00,10So how many deaths to this same fight does that make this?
Sumica: i stopped counting
00,10lol rage quit take it out on the kerbals
lol
11,01You die a lot in Hard Reset.
I didn't notice
Hence the name Hard Reset?
I wonder why
TOY_PON3: ^^^
11,01I'll come back to it.
TOY_PON3: You need to get some new shoes if your getting blisters though
Nittany_Discord: What game is this now?
so where to kill your kerbonauts today?
lol
11,01Kerbal Space Program.
SolairePony89: Eh it's healing now so no biggie
those poor bastards
lol
inb4 crash
sooooo who thinks Meet The Pyro video is coming out tomorrow? Or just more clues?
I hope
TOY_PON3: We can only hope. Hope and pray
MahBoi777: It better come out soon cause I'm tired of collecting goldfish, wood, lint, cheese, and banana peels.
SuperBrony64|FOOD mooooooooooooooooooooo
SuperBrony64|FOOD how long does it take to get food
TOY_PON3: LOLWUT
Toddlers and Tiara's Brock's Dub!!!
SuperBrony64|FOOD: Are you waiting in the super long line to get food?
DO EET
SolairePony89: Oh god :D
...please?
Aww
MahBoi777: If you play the game you can find those items that probably have to do with the Meet The Pyro video
wat
Oh and a secret diary too but I have yet to find one
TOY_PON3: OH lol I see
why don't you find bluprints to nasa or star wars machenes
Ja
Nittany_Discord computer not happy
anyonee excited for the drawing contest?
Man I am f**ked..
11,01JRP2234: You don't say?
what is going on in here?
Such peaceful music..
TOY_PON3: yeah, soon to be unfitting music
litterer.
TOY_PON3: prepare for screaming Kerbals
what game is this?
otakon: Then I'm even more f**ked..
Nittany_Discord do u play garrys mod often?
kerbal space program, EonMastor
TOY_PON3: lol
EonMastor: just watch
looks like a school computer game
Seriously though, Breaking Bad season 5 is coming out in 3 weeka and I haven't even finished season 3 and 4...
00,10I wonder how many people have bought this game now that we have been streaming it so often.
that's usually how I get to Mun... equatorial orbit first, then punch it at moonrise.
00,10Same hen3ry
Sumica: Maybe if you can kill Kerbals in more ways than i would buy it
now
minmus is tricker tho, but easier to land on when you actually get there.
WATCH THEIR FACES
then*
WATCH THEM CAREFULLY!
and look for the changes
otakon: Oki doki loki
00,10still having trouble hitting the sun reliably
00,10so what you want failed space walks too TOY_PON3?
Sumica: As long as someone dies
failed space walks should be coming in 0.16
space walks? sounds goooooooood :>
the middle kerbal seems happy
only a matter of time before that rocket crashes back into the planet
someone posted a screenshot of a ship landed on the sun in kerbal. But it was a position hack, not a real landing.
hai everyone :D
Hey OneTrickPony :)
mornin OneTrickPony
congratz, you just launches a rocket sized satellite
00,10might skim the atmo on the perryopsis
hey OneTrickPony!
hiya Ponies47 how's it goin'
OneTrickPony: Pretty good :P
that's... not a good lunar insertion orbit track... he's gonna have to do his lunar transfer at apop
or close to it anyway
hey MahBoi777 and somepony_else
00,10I am kinda hopeing for better auto pilot soon.
how is everyponies night going?
same. and better instruments.
00,10defentaly
and an altimeter that doesn't go insane when you build a big rocket.
is Sumica streaming?
00,10no this is nitt
sonicrainboomer259: eeyup
what we watchin?
00,10the Dash lets you know it's nitt
we can't hear you over the music, Nitt.
00,10indeed
Wow why is the chat so silent?
mmhmmm
Good music though ^.^
Sumica: didn't notice the dash sorry Nittany_Discord!!!
okay now it's alive
TOY_PON3: because theres no crash :3
hiya TOY_PON3
hi OneTrickPony|composi
gog quantum conundrum is cracking me up, buy this game now...
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: What's funny about it?
TOY_PON3: cause.just,cause
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: I gotta wait until it's released for the 360 :|
00,10Sure fire way to get bigger sales in a game now. Put a MLP cast member as a VA in it.
sonicrainboomer259: That's a good enough reason right there
Sumica: Part of the reason why I'm gonna get Lollipop Chainsaw ASAP
TOY_PON3 John de lance commentary :p
SolairePony89: what game?
you're close enough, Nitt. The moonrise trick is really meant for a 150 km orbit anyway. Punch it.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Mother of God..
sonicrainboomer259: Quantum Conundrum
SolairePony89: I want to get that game too cause of Tara
hello
the game just made a Everyday i'm shuffling joke ...
O:
hey Nitt, is SAW FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNN?
TOY_PON3: She is best poni :3
SolairePony89: I love you man /)
TOY_PON3: (\ :D
SolairePony89 but PC will get all the mods... i hope
:)
why is the BF3 multiplayer 3 update so large?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: I still gotta get it for the 360, no other option
Brohoof anypony? /)
so,how is everypony
Ponies47: (\
sonicrainboomer259: so so
sonicrainboomer259: Ok I guess. :)
Ponies47: /)
sonicrainboomer259: freakin schweet
Ponies47: Is Twilight your favorite poni?
is he in space yet
Yup
Nitt you can control the ship from the map view directly. Tap that arrow at the bottom center
holy crap!!!!!!!
D:
using gravity as a slingshot xD
Nittany_Discord: go LUDICROUS SPEEEED!!!!!
TOY_PON3: Nope.avi. I don't have a favorite. I like all of them but for a few like Prince Blueblood (The unicorn that treated Rarity like garbage at the Gala)
Ponies47: Fair enough /)
(\
gilda is best pony
.... oh wait
/me welcome hugs DaringDude
WAAAAAAAAT
00,10ok that looked kinda cool
Today I launched my 2nd Facebook :P
Nittany_Discord: So the objective of this game is to launch them off into the Sun?
night all
DaringDude: :D
/me also slaps DaringDude for saying that
DaringDude: I love you man for loving Gilda
00,10Cause you dont open the nav ball Nitt
yes you can throttle from map. The navball includes throttle control
TOY_PON3: Pretty sure his target is a "Moon Craft", whatever that is
00,10take note of the arrow at the bottome of the map
Looks like one of the astronauts hate you Nittany_Discord :)
00,10and there is also you cant realy controll when at warp
SolairePony89: But I want them to diiiieee.... :'(
/me Dances for no reason what so ever :P
:O
/me is begin ignored
:D
TOY_PON3: Crashes are entertaining
Indeed they are
youll never die
Hopefully we'll get some after he makes it
Hey every pony whats up sorry i haven't respawned i was naping
hey xxMoopyxx
Heyea xxMoopyxx
sup
DaringDude: dat Fluttershy <3
Nittany_Discord: could you down the music please...i mean...if you don't mind
Ohai xxMoopyxx. It's cool :)
DaringDude: <3 THAT PIC
/me would rather hear Nittany_Discord's voice than the music :P
DaringDude: Have you seen Wrek's Fluttershy yet?
ohn o
is it on his DA
SolairePony89: That creepy one?
How are you guys doing huh?
DaringDude: I have no idea, actually :P
there we go
DaringDude: awwwwwwwwwwwww
TOY_PON3: By creepy do you mean saucy?
TO THE MOOOOOONNNNNN!!!!!!!!
SolairePony89: Yes
f*ck music, I want Nitts voice!!!
YES!
better, yes
feet sauce
Nittany_Discord: YAY
yay!
Alriiight gIGGITY
woah dat flutteershy o///o dam wrek
TOY_PON3: Then yes, I was refering to that one
:D
Nitt, that's not a landing trajectory. Remember you're traveling max speed at periphasis, and you want a speed that's very slow for touchdown.
i don't think he will commentate that much like chuggaaconroy
Hey whos streaming right now on the air?
hmm Nitt sounds different
Nittany_Discord
http://www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php?mode=medium&illust_id=28042323
last piece of 5 gum is hard D:
oh
SolairePony89
If you see it :D
http://www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php?mode=medium&illust_id=28042323
of course :O
Land darninit!
MasterBoss43: Ha!
MasterBoss43, dat chainsaw
one small step for men and one GIANT step for bronies
go find Luna!
CHAINSAWNEESE :D
So yeah I can say MLP has officially penetrate Japan
only need for it to become mainstream
If your going to the moon, watch out for wheatley and luna,I've heard they intend to attack you,Nittany_Discord
Ha. Penetrate.
yay too much CPU usage!
Hey dude on the screen whats up man
this will not end well
TOY_PON3: I think you jinxed Nitt
SolairePony89: Maybe I did >.>
DaringDude: dat Mudkip
You are now orbiting Luna
DaringDude: She lieks Mudkipz
mud
one small step for men and one GIANT step for bronies
kip
Art. Art everywhere.
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-NPnD1_y64t0/T-OmkObzH6I/AAAAAAAAt8o/QfOddgYNroo/s1600/_gamer_luna_desktop__by_ruby_sunrise-d54ew81.jpg Princess Luna just having fun gaming.
DaringDude: Sylandest wud love dat
SolairePony89: :D
best..drawing..ever
My name is in that broken link
Dat rainbow dash sleeping on the cloud at the top right
Sylandest is a aj fan?
YESH
DaringDude: Evil! Eviiilll!!
O.o
why am i evil?
Why evil?
Spaaaaacee
DaringDude: <3<3<3
your my BEST FRIEND, Nittany_Discord!!!
spaceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
SolairePony89: IDK :D
the most important bit about a lunar landing is to get your lateral momentum down to nearly zero. Your only motion should be straight up-down in the last km
DaringDude: D'AAAAAAWWWWWWWW
everyone but applejack and twilight in that picture rock MasterBoss43
DaringDude: No Pinkie Pie is EVIL
sonicrainboomer259: o_o
MahBoi777: <3
Sumica: its apparently Meelo not Milo
TOY_PON3: no shes not shes best pony :)
Nittany_Discord your fps is like awsome
^
DaringDude: :O
flutterchu Twilight is Chell in Portal 2, Twilight is awesome, just Apllejack is bad.
lemmie guess TOY_PON3 u read cupcakes and now shes evil to u
wb
Nittany_Discord: played any good games?
Thats like twice my FPS on any game!
DaringDude: Nah :P that fic is stupid af
MasterBoss43: portal to me is too blank
00,10semantics IDAS
flutterchu GET THE BUCK OUT!!!!
TOY_PON3: i know thats y i havent read it :P
Hey don't talk about cupcakes in the chatroom in here
Sumica: whats is this Semantics u speak of?
MasterBoss43: sorry i don't play fps
DaringDude: good for you bro
Nittany_Discord: who is worst pony?
03thanks
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-2-X763ZKsqo/T-Omp2eKiaI/AAAAAAAAt-A/8VbK21OZ3n0/s1600/maybe_next_time_lyra____by_photonicsoup-d52lhnl.png.jpg Maybe next time Lyra.....
DaringDude: Save yourself! :P
xxMoopyxx: but I like cupcakes..
00,10they both sound the same it's just a spelling diffrence
sonicrainboomer259: twilight sparkle
with the frosting and the sprinkles
Well stop talking about it
I like cupcakes too. But only the kind made from sugar, frosting and cake ingredients.
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-EDxzgk_85Bw/T-OmnLW6LQI/AAAAAAAAt9Q/JQwThM7zzBU/s1600/derpy_has_mail_by_celebi_yoshi-d54fs4v.png I got a letter for you! :D
xxMoopyxx: :'( FINE!
trying to cram surround sound in a low bitrate for hML
/me cries
flutterchu: :O:O
this *almost* sounds acceptable
i have seen worse dude
00,10yeah you can nitt
sonicrainboomer259: i still want to be an emo
xxMoopyxx: So have I :D
/me is listening to 3»»2 Eminem - Business (Instrumental) (Business (2003)) 3«»2 00:01/04:17 [233,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|2] 3«»2 158 kbps flac - 18.33MB (WinAmp) 3««
DaringDude: zomg
03yay proper mastering
03Eminem CD singles are usually legit
00,10what do you think the tracking station is for?
anyways moving on
idk Sumica
lol
Nittany_Discord: who is fastest BESIDES RD and sonic?
you need to get the retro-indicator to point straight up (center of the blue half of the navball)
can they die already?
you're really too low to the surface to attempt this
Don't fail us now Nittany_Discord, you're our only hope
OHAI DaringDude
hai Pinkies4thWall :3
00,10nonsenc 8km is a great hight to retro in to the side of the moon.
one small step for men and one GIANT step for bronies
Iliek poniez
Well, you gunna hit the Moon. Weather you live...
I have yet to see Luna, or a Dolphin ride
:|
00,10one giant holll in the moon
whoa
XD
ded
LOL!
no autopilot on the lander.
OH NOES
oh SHI-
splat
I bet he will blow! :D
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
DED
Blow blow blow! :D
NO
dedYES!!!
booooooooooooom
XD
, nv
like I said...
Woaah
Close!
ded
KA BOOM!
XD
oh noes
oh hey it looks like u made it to the moon
ded
:D
00,10110m/s is a bit fist for landing.
I think they would of died from that
Nittany_Discord: Murderer :(
/me did jinx Nittany_Discord after all >.>
Damn
KA-BEWM
Say hi to Luna from me Nittany_Discord!
Yeah, 100m/s would have been much safer
Next time start from a 20km altitude so you have time to kill off your angular momentum.
TOY_PON3: never jinx someone
don't give up i did'nt learn that from twilight
00,10but yeah use nav ball in map mode to fly from map mode.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: I did though :(
dat sumi
MasterBoss43: The only way he could do that is if he crashed on Luna
00,10ahhhh I see.
Nittany_Discord: did you do that on purpose?:D
SolairePony89 Didn't you see Luna just standing a little away from the rocket?
00,10Nitt btw, nova punch has memorry leak issue.
Nittany_Discord: i liek poniez
00,10well the game has one too
MasterBoss43: Still though, Nitt died, so in order for him to see Luna she would have to be ded too
00,10but novapunch dont help.
Pinkies4thWall Well, i wub ponies! :P
let's hope these ones make it safely
Nittany_Discord: what time is it for you? You sound tired.
good night everypony
Night sonicrainboomer259
later sonicrainboomer259
00,10yeah, memmory leak
*sigh* why am i not an emo
Nittany_Discord: good night!!!
There has to be a Major Tom in that game
Bye sonicrainboomer259 :)
altzheimers computer has memory leak
WELL, I WUB PONIEZ!
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
yay BF3 server update finished
night sonicrainboomer259
Tom: Thanks for reminding us all :'(
good wallpaper
nice background
Dat backround, love that photo. Seen it before! :D
oh no not fps
DaringDude: Is that Tavi?
oh
Nittany_Discord
Your backround is FABULOUS! :D
Lerrrrrrooooooooooy Jeeeeeennnnnnnnkkkiiiins!!!!!!!!!
;)*
makes rainbow dash look not that flyable
DaringDude: Nice :D
Nittany_Discord: seriously, what time is it for you? You sound exhausted.
TOY_PON3: i dont really know i think it was just some random pony
you shall love the lovable Prick
hiya Prick
DaringDude: It looks like Tavi, well sorta
you must sleep Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord play spc containment breach
11:06 pm for me
Come on Nittany_Discord! FIGHT IT!
1:00 AM here
Oh, guys there's a strory on fimfiction.net (incomplete) called My Little Celestia. it's d'aww so far
Nittany gone crazy
stay strong! :D
Its like 2:01 over here
Lol
if you want to sleep look at rainbow dash on the top right corner
Nittany_Discord, if you got Portal2 we could play it! :D
it's 11 here
how much is 4000 microsoft points in $?
ahaha
It's 1:00 AM here :)
Lol
11,01OneTrickPony|music: Too much.
you shall love meh :[
OneTrickPony|music: Pffff.... $50 or so?
My Little Celestai link: http://www.fimfiction.net/story/31512/1/My-Little-Celestia/My-Little-Celestia
Wanna play it with me then?
*celestia
OneTrickPony|music: 50 bucks
DAMN you BF3 Premium!!!
Well i didn't say right now! ;)
So ponies47 still saving up some money to get a new computer?
DaringDude: dat applefritter
Nittany_Discord just make a ticking time bomb
^
^^
ikr TOY_PON3 i drew her cause i thought she needed moar fan art
Nittany_Discord: Oh, i should have known the time. i forgot for a sec you're in PA
DaringDude: Well true, she does
Ice cream pause, for me atleast!
11,01Don't waste your money on EA stuff OneTrickPony|music.
/me facehoofs
i want to see a fanfic where daring do and indiana jones meet and adveture together
god i have no incentive to draw
I've still yet to get a plane into anything resembling "flight"... that's probably gotta be my next goal.
Nittany_Discord: EA must die?
OneTrickPony|music: Do you have Origin?
try to make a car
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: I'm jelly that DaringDude knows how to draw and I can't :<
SolairePony89: nope
I hope you will not blow this time Nittany_Discord! ;)
OneTrickPony|music: Ok good, you're actually sane then
lol
TOY_PON3: you could train
Oh boy here we go agian with EA = /)_(\ Facehoof 2X combo
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: True
Lol the rocket froze
i draw on my ipad too Xd so bad compareed to an actual sketch pad
no, he just hasn't turned his engine on yet
11,01Not going to say anything Ponies47. Sorry :<
DaringDude: i wanted to buy a tablet
>.(\
no more EA discussion
Nittany_Discord: It's ok. :)
Nittany_Discord is to busy crashing and burning. And occasionally flying
Nittany_Discord: good for you
ded
WOOOOO
yay~
now I am teh embarassed.
Thats right, sweet talk the jet.
i feel that i should draw Nittany's oc going nuts
D:
ded
OH GAWD
DaringDude: :D :D :D
Oh my...god!
Nittany_Discord play spc containment breach
lol
that's still better than the early Wright brother attempts.
^
DaringDude: did you find your ipad?
hen3ry: they killed ppl?
Nittany_Discord http://scpcb.wordpress.com/2012/04/15/about-the-released-alpha-version/
well, no...
ded
RIP Kerbals, you shant be missed
lol
:D
Pinkies4thWall: yup thats how i posted my new pinkie pic
Hey dude do you have a joystick for this?
it's like Top Gun, but funnier!
dded
but I assume that as hard as taking off in this game is, landing is going to be damn near impossible
Its North Korea all over again xD
DaringDude: LINK PLZ
hey Nittany_Discord react to this video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeRglyFEc3I
I MUST SEE
might want to work on the altitude there
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: lmfao
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: :D
Nittany_Discord: what
video card you have
hmm not sure if i should link Nittany Mine Turtle song
that dam enetr key
DaringDude: /)
DaringDude: Shit dude you trying to give me diabetus?! D:
Pinkies4thWall: dat wasnt it XD
im just requesting somthing
TOY_PON3: yes
Nittany_Discord: what video card /brand?
DaringDude: O. M. G.
DaringDude: Well...well it worked! :D
lol
00,10Dont matter flutterchu, we have a request channle for that.
Nittany_Discord: can you sing, or are you shy?
JRP2234[Web]: i think he has Nvidia Geforce 7800-8800 somewhere between it
Egineer pootis dispencer here
00,10and it's up to the streamer to decide if they are taking request.
Pinkies4thWall: he's tired =/
Lol
>.(\
lol dat lovable prick
who doesnt love pricks xD
>_<
i don't
fun has been doubled
Prick: I love you
/me takes care of SRS BZNS
>:]
ah screw it im going to link it
lol dat aircraft
/me Puts sunglasses on
Oh hey dude hes going to do it
Nittany_Discord: PUT ALL THE ENGINES ON
Back....
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: link it!
dat Prick
B)
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: if he can
MahBoi777: Where were you?
DaringDude: its going to be on steam message of course
xxMoopyxx: What?
Nittany_Discord: is this a paid version of KSP?
YES MOAR ENGINESSSSS
Welcome back MasterBoss43 :)
lol
00,10well that craft is gonna haul ass.
needs moar gun
eeyup
sure will
He said ah screw it im going to link it anyway thats what he said
TOY_PON3: I was on another channel, it's hard for me to follow two chats >_<
Ponies47 So, what is up here? (Whatsup)
00,10airspikes burn a tone of fuel
00,10but work great in high atmo
MahBoi777: Multi-task mah boi!
:P
MasterBoss43: Kerbal Space Program agian. :P
Ponies47 I know....
TOY_PON3: I'm tryin!
MahBoi777: It's cool take it easy :D
MasterBoss43: Yeah :P
The DeathMachine 100.0
Ponies47 I've been online, but i took an ice-cream pause.
TOY_PON3: Lol srry :P
So let's say i've been afk Ponies47...
it's coo
Hey dude thats on the air right now that dude said hes going to link it now he said
MasterBoss43: Mmmmm. Ice cream. :)
Okie doki loki
00,10use ctrl Z
xxMoopyxx: ?
Ponies47 Pear ice-cream! (Almost said ice-clean....)
YES VERTICAL
yeah hes going to do it
00,10Nitt, use ctrl+z
/me has his kitteh :3
:O
/me is away: I'm off doing other things; most likely sleeping or eating.
MasterBoss43: Pear? You trying to make me snap? :(
/me doesnt have a kitteh
Night Gun- Awww
/me has his DaringDude :3
later Gunthler|Zzz
dats me ^-^
00,10Not gonna use specal parts, keeps double stack coupler from nova punch
Ponies47 I don't think you can Bea the burden! :D:D:D
/me Has 2 cats :)
Bear*
MasterBoss43: :D
Has 2 cats and 1 dog and 10 fishes*
:O dat Stephen Hawking!
Wall-E! :D
TOY_PON3: Aww, what a cute DaringDude :3
/me is cute :3
oh God
00,10oh that might be why you get game lag too Nitt.
well I would like to see Nitt destroy another perfectly good aircraft but it's close to bedtime so I'm going on mobile
Can I pet him?
Hey sumica that dude said ah screw it im going to link it anyway thats what he said hes going to do it man
MasterBoss43: HA! Same but have no fishes. :P
00,10You integrated it with steam.
SolairePony89: Wanna pet him? sure
/me pets DaringDude :D
Go right ahead >:3
lol
night TOY_PON3 take care
Pones47 Then i'm a better anymal friend :P:P:P
Sumica: you can get extra lag from steam?
(joking ^)
otakon: I'll be back just going on mobile
Night TOY_PON3
I'm coming back lol
MasterBoss43: Okie doki loki. My cat is having a hissy fit over the new kitten :s
00,10it's a game in eraly beta and he's got the steam interfacee loading in it.
00,10yeah it might cause lag.
/me thinks Nittany has gone crazy
Ponies47 We don't have new kittens, they are all old.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: He was already crazy, silly
And really really cute....
DAT LAUGH
MasterBoss43: I love kittehs ^.^
00,10incoming very fast jet. with crazy controls and just enough fule to reach the water.
MasterBoss43: My older cat I think is 3 years old. The new kitten is only 7 or 8 weeks :P
Don't say anything bad to Nittany_Discord or the god will be really angry!!!!
wth
Hey dude thats on air talking don't fall asleep on us now
xxMoopyxx: dat sarcasm
Nittany_Discord: HI :)
Shut up man
UP UP UP!
OH GOD
DeD time?
00,10Oh wait, he did't put ram scoops so the fule will last longer.
xxMoopyxx: Are you mad at me? :(
so far Nittany built a Jet
no
Okie doki loki :)
00,10supprise it controlls so well with no tail controlls
i feel like we need top gun music
LOL
inb4 crash
/me Gets a radio
OH BUCK!
now its a glider
ded
/me Starts playing Top Gun music
DeD.
Murder O_O
Nittany_Discord: ded. movie over
ded
Nittany_Discord: i like trains
moar engines!
00,10wonder if you could make somthing to fly around the planet in atmo.
Hey guys my plan "A" is working now
Nittany_Discord: is there a money limit you can reach?
See? I'm back
Nittany_Discord: Then put all the engines on :)
Nittany_Discord: Infinite parts? MAKE A BIG BOMB
^
GENOCIDE
you make too big a ship, tho, and the game... reacts poorly
wb TOY_PON32!
Nittany_Discord: Make them burn! >:3
Nittany_Discord: try and make a biplane?
inb4 crash
lots and lots of jets and planes!
And crashing. Don't forget about crashing
Bomb plox
of course SolairePony89, how silly of me
MahBoi777: LOTS AND LOTS OF TRUCKS
Heh reminds me of starfox assault for the arwing
/me pets his DaringDude
LOTS AND LOTS OF TRAINS
Ok sorry that sounded dirty..
/me ish petted o.o
/me 's cat is sleeping on his lap :#
Lots and lots of rockets and missles
MahBoi777: TRAINZ! :D
/me hugs DaringDude because Pinkie told me to
:3*
night, everypony. I'm heading off to bed. See ya'll laters
Sorry DaringDude :<
See ya Sylandest
later
night Sylandest
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall she taugh u well
Night Sylandest
gnight Sylandest!
Night Sylandest :)
Sylandest: sleep well
lol is fine TOY_PON32 XD
:D
Sylandest: Sleep manyl
Train sims. They so silly.
/me hugs all the ponies in chat
/me Pulls out a stash of Train sims
DaringDude: I'm most like Twilight but I act like pinkie
/me hugs Sylandest back
/me bro hugs Sylandest back
/me hugs Sylandest back <3
/me hugs Sylandest back
Guys
/me Hugs Sylandest back
yes?
otakon: yes? :3
otakon: ?
Sylandest: i herd u liek AJ
/me hugs Sylandyst
for the love of, the pings!
Nittany_Discord: is there music in the background with church bells?
DaringDude: aye...:$
On The Rainslick Precipice Of Darkness Episode 3 should be coming out TODAY
Sylandest: ALL the wub
Sylandest: I never get that many :(
im the most like derpy but i act like applejack
also, I missed saying goodnight to LadyCanary?
I am sad
Yea
/me hugs Sylandest
:S
otakon: She left a looooooong time ago
:/
/me Hugs Sylandest
Om: I leave the chat in your capable hooves
SolairePony89: I figured, you getting Dawnguard on Tuesday?
dem capable hooves
otakon: Nope. Not much of a desire
DaringDude: ^.^
SolairePony89: Know anything about when Dawnguard is releasing for playstaion?
one of my fav artists ^^
Sylandest: Capeable?
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall and Ponies47
SolairePony89: odl
Om: yes...XD
DaringDude: AJ gets all my wubs...:$
/me Hugs Sylandest back agian
TOY_PON32: Last I heard, there was not date for the PS3 or PC
Omlete ur here :)
:(
I'm sad now
Brb, nature calls
Sylandest: Right.
Omelettes? where??
/me Hugs TOY_PON32
DaringDude: That I am.
TOY_PON32: microsoft pays da big bucks to get patches early
i heard a ping
Nittany_Discord I LOVE YOUR FOR PLAYING PINK FLOYD
but now, sleep!
goodnight!
and i hate my caps lock button
Nittany_Discord: I feel ashamed of it now, but i actually thought RD was a guy when i started watching MLP
/me hugs Ponies47 back "I just wanna play Dawnguard."
Nittany_Discord: make an x wing
DaringDude: Fucking Bill Gates...
lol
Nittany_Discord but your lack of foo fighters is bad
TOY_PON32: dawww. It's ok I know that feal bro. My computer is to slow to play TF2 :<
mac and ps3 lalala
Nittany_Discord: did you laugh at me? :(
Nittany_Discord: Are you having fun? :3
Ponies47: Forever waiting
Nittany_Discord: Now i need a hug
Pinkies4thWall: nope he's laughing at his walls
/me 11,01hugs Pinkies4thWall
TOY_PON32: I know that fealing :<
Nittany_Discord: oh, i forgive you.
/me glomps Nittany_Discord back
:(
make x wing fighter
FRIENDSHIP!
Nittany_Discord: just put lots of rockets and let it free
^
^^
Sounds good
^^^
ALL THE ^
^
Trololololololo
Nittany_Discord: Remake the Challenger all over again.
Oh? Too soon? Im sorry
/me troll faces
MahBoi777: Shadow (the goldie) is crazy good at eybrow expressions
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lmk3kv1hm01qbq86qo1_500.jpg :O
Lol
Pinkies4thWall: I love Golden Retrievers
Me2
I have returned
/me glomps SolairePony89
I wonder how the second season of Korra will be set up with how they ended this one
wb SolairePony89
/me ish glomped
okay guys, I'm off to bed myself
And I have in my possession... a Warheads Candy Cane
take care, see you all later
Goodnight otakon :)
Night otakon
/me has yet to see the last episode :'(
who's streaming currently?
night otakon
otakon: WAIT!
Night otakon and Nittany_Discord is
Ponies47: wat?
night otakon
gnight otakon!
welp im going to bed got work tommorrow morn
otakon: That would be Nitt
Nittany_Discord: thanks fort he stream man
night DaringDude
night otakon
otakon: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4612/ <- Take this :)
nighty night otakon
Night to you too DaringDude
Haha otakon
okay I'm out
Night DaringDude
Nittany_Discord: PILLS HERE ...GRABING PILLS
night everypony
zzzz......
Night DaringDude :)
:3
/me is playing with his Warheads Candy Cane
Nittany_Discord can you watch this video
gnight Darin....OH NO damnit >_<
/me is thinking of nothing
Uhhhhhh...
/me pats MahBoi777 on the back
can you put sprays on the rockets?
You know I do have Train Sims. Nut the thing is they get boring. So I'll I ever do is crash the trains :P
SolairePony89: he said he wouldn't be back for awhile :S
*But
MahBoi777: Awww. That sucks
boom
=|
WEEEEEEEEEEEE
11.•10«11WB10 (Drake10) 11WB10»11•. 10- As long as you clean up after him then sure
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
woooooosh!
Sleepy_Discord is sleepy
yay!
How... how is this working?
Magic
^
uh...oh
XD
yay! spinning
/me licks his candy cane :)
I wish I could see. But I'm in bed now
totally went as planned
/me raises his eyebrow
Seems to be going pretty well
SolairePony89: where did u get that?
hey id it didint blow up thats sucsess to me
ded
MahBoi777: Remainder of the packages of Warhead Candy Canes I bought during the winter ^.^
into the ocean!
SolairePony89: awesome lol
Nittany_Discord: Wanna hear what luna's lesson she learns about friendship would look like?
I had something like this once
Only just managed to open in time
Can't wait until winter comes around again so I can get some more
deploy the parachute!:O
MahBoi777: Well mah boi it was in his pants for a while and then he felt it necessary to whip it out and.....oh god what was I saying?
Nittany_Discord: Sis, today i learned not to piss you off. If I do, you'll most likely abuse my PTSD and start a fight you'll enjoy. Your little sis, Luna.
sea ponies ahoy!
DED :/
TOY_PON32: dafuq:O
/me ow damnit http://images.wikia.com/marveldatabase/images/6/62/1519921-deadpool_104.jpg
that was close
Ikr?
Oh not the freakin sea ponies
The fun thing to do is take SAS off and spin around wildly
Sea poniez FTW
shoo dee doop
shut up dude
These three live... for now
Nittany_Discord: needs more booom
Ohai Prick :P
Shoo bee doo sh shoo bee doo
dat Prick
TOY_PON32: SHOO BEE DOO
SolairePony89: Kill them with your stick
TOOT TOOT TOOT
I-I mean candy cane..
needs to be 20% moar sause
/me whips out his stick and beats the three Kerpal things to death
Prick needs to be 20% moar Prick
SolairePony89: Good god man!
oh ya baby you know what ja talking about :)
: D
prickier prick
TOY_PON32: What? I was only following orders
:'(
:O Nittany_Discord tries his hand at rockets?
That rocket seems mighty stable
I wub water
/me drinks water
spaaaaaaaaaace
who needs water?
/me dehydrates
/me poors water down MahBoi777's throat
Exactly
pours*
XD
Plots water down MahBoi777's suck hole
Jk
Oh no, it's not working! Better try CPR!
....O.O
/me performs CPR on MahBoi777
I'm probably gonna get kicked..
11,02NINTENDO
11,02i liek dat company :3c
SuperBrony64|FOOD!!!
11,02O.O
hey SuperBrony64!
11,02I didn't do it ;~;
Anyway, good morning guys! And hi SuperBrony64 :)
plot is good for you, for real real
SuperBrony64: Nu I missed you :(
Mornin' MadSurge
Hi MadSurge
Yay SuperBrony64! :)
/me Hugs SuperBrony64 because he's SuperBrony64
^
/me hugs Ponies47 back ^-^
11,02I missed you all too :D
bloody hell
Yay~
/me husg SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64: Yay :)
Take a riiiiiiide with the Scootaman
/me husgs MahBoi777 back :3
:D
dat typo
Er, catcharide
hey Nittany_Discord can you play l4d2 with me?
HA HA!
I feel dumb now
:D Nittany_Discord's voice
Don't :S
i say yes
11,02I want Pikmin 3 and New Super Mario Bros. U O~O
^
I like pie.
I want Pikmin 3 so badly
Dat Kammerjunk
I don't play Wii anymore and I have 2 Wii's :$
/me watches as Kammerjunk is hit by a train
SuperBrony64: I want Ultra Smash Bros. Armegeddon
:O
A pie-train?
hai SuperBrony64
uhh....
11,02When it does come out, I'll be doing a live play of the Wii U games I get ^-^
That's delicious.
Yes
mortal ponkat!
SuperBrony64:
eeyup.. taking off is a matter of designing a plane correctly. landing is a matter of... given the total lack of instrumentation, prayer
Yay SuperBrony64 Yay
11,02MahBoi777: Me too :3
xD
SuperBrony64: Make sure to get Zombiu when it comes out. If it's any good, that is
11,02But yeah, I'm waiting to be able to reserve the system.
SuperBrony64: What else is coming out for Wii U?
There's a new Rayman game
Yay, they lived!
sexxusful?
Me gusta!
Rayman Legends
11,02SolairePony89: I will...but somehow, I feel the game won't get good reviews for critics
SolairePony89: I want that so badly :3
SuperBrony64: I'm getting that feeling, too
nintendo need to go back to there roots
(Scream so you can scare some people Nittany_Discord ! ;)
Hey nittany discord do the nuke sign
MadSurge: IKR. Rayman Origins was great :D
So is that it?
8 is too many. Gotta do 6 I think
FlareChaser|Drunk: Hey, you are me in 8 hours xD
SolairePony89: did you finish the Land of the Livid Dead? :D
Nittany_Discord: you should try spc containment breach when you can
yeah
diddutz: wat.
now leave it
TOY_PON32: There's a lot of launch titles for the Wii U, I just don't remember many of them
...I'm not in this chat ._.
SolairePony89: Oh okay :3
MadSurge: Uhh... is that a game or...?
Now leave it
this won't work
Now kiss
SolairePony89: the last level of Rayman Origins :D
So I now have the Celestia series rockets (big beasts), the Luna series rockets (aptly named), the Sparkle space shuttle (which... hasn't worked yet), and the Fluttershy series of planes (which, again, aptly named - they hardly fly)
So ahhhhh
I got a last exam today, sort of presentation, it will start in about 8 hours, after that, i got some rum to drink :3
I saw Men in Black 3 today :)
Nice
MadSurge: Yeah. That chase sequence at the end was a biiitch :P
Ponies47: OOH how was it?:O
wtf .-.
Pretty good. I liked it. :3
/me finishes his candy cane
nice
MahBoi777: It was pretty good. I liked it. :3
awesome Ponies47!
Deja Vu
MahBoi777: Yeah. :)
WOOP WOOP WOOP
launch successful!:D
Yes! Yes!
werner von braun would be proud, nitt.
just look at that form
dat evil laugh
WOAH
once the rockets are up, who cares where they come down? That's not my department, says werner von braun.
SolairePony89: that was the best example of "difficult but fair level" in gaming :)
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5129/ <- My reaction when ever a friend sends me a request in somthing on Facebook. I get to many requests :|
Im not even on facebook
I have 2 Facebooks :P
MadSurge: Hardest game I've ever played, and I've played Dark Souls
people think Im a freak
We all are Alchemist
Alchemist: why? :(
Nittany_Discord: i just got the game and would like a game
Ponies: because Im not on Facebook :D
Alchemist: It doesn't matter. I have 1 Facebook for me in real life and then today I just opened up a second for pony stuff so just like for brony stuff :)
SolairePony89: at least it had great music during the level :$
Im just old school. I have my phone, so if I want to talk to my friends I can call them and meet them.
im going to stay up late again mwahahahahah
MadSurge: The whole game had a great soundtrack :D
xxMoopyxx: Yes. Good very very good.
HA hahaha
SolairePony89: Yesh :3
Well atleast I might go outside a bit more because we set up our backyard pool :$
Dammit Chrome crashed
Also I got a smart phone as a gift, and the functions I use are: call, text message, alarm clock, calendar and thats it :D
I'm not gonna ditch you guys don't worry :)
shiiiiiiiit we're goin down!
Alchemist: android or Iphone?
Shrek, I'm lookin' down!
:D
I hear about apps that you take a photo of something and the phone tells you what it is. Great, so what? whats the function of that? How do I benefit from that? :)
Dat hipster Alchemist
Alchemist: might be google goggles
*yaaaay*
I dunno anything about apps.
Pinkies4thWall: I dont even know :D
Its a samsung, thats for sure.
hey Polydunami!
Who's streaming?
Hey MahBoi777
I forgot to log on yesterday :S
k
SolairePony89: nono, dont get me wrong, I dont despise the new tech, I just dont see the appeal.
Polydunami: how are ya doin?
I'm doing well, I suppose...
hiya Polydunami
good
ohai Polydunami :)
Hey everypony n_n
Alchemist: At least you're not filled with teh hate
:D
Polydunami: I saw Men in Black 3 today :)
'Ello Polydunami
Hey Polydunami!
00,10and that's called a broken part
wut
00,10it has not impact tolrence
Dat realistic bounce
I dunno if I want to hear about that movie, Ponies47. Sequels and such.
Alchemist: in play store search MLP FiM Soundboard and download the soundboard and packages by Paul TBBle Hampson. Best phone soundboard anywhere
Polydunami: Nope.avi not gonna spoil it. It's good I liked it. That's all I'm gonna say :)
Goodnight, Nittany_Discord! :D
sumica you have l4d2?
yeah good night nittany discord
I'm glad you enjoyed it, then.
aww
Nittany_Discord: I miss you already.
Thanks for the stream Nittany_Discord :)
^
Somehow, I just know something's going to go wrong today.
thank you for the stream Nittany_Discord
So long and thanks for all the stream Nittany_Discord
Polydunami: Why?
Oh well, it'd best not to worry about the furute
thanks
*it's
And future*
11,01I need to do another MP stream.
Alchemist: you can use sounds from that soundboard as notifications
Nittany_Discord: MP?
00,10SuperBrony64, you are up
I must be somewhat sleepy to make typos that badly :S
SuperBrony64: Pwease :3
11,01Multiplayer.
What game?
SuperBrony64: when will you show space is 20% cooler again? I miss you streaming that
someone pinged me?
stream pron
no?
okay..
dat drop
sumica you have l4d2?
La la la la la la la la lala la la la laaaaaaa
That used to be the thing i looked forward to most about a SuperBrony64 stream
00,10no
LIES
Is it just me, or is the chat slightly laggy?
a tad yes
SolairePony89: wow. that's actually correct to the tune
Pinkies4thWall: ^^
Chat is so quiet. :(
Pinkies4thWall: I miss the SB streams sometimes
SuperBrony64:
hi evertppony
OUCH. I just got burned by my laptop
everypony
'Ello TheRareP0N3
hi TheRareP0N3
Makes feal like I'm in the Ibrony chat room *shivers* Man ibrony suckz :|
Pinkies4thWall: Damn dude, you might wanna let the thing rest for awhile
Phase4:
Ohai TheRareP0N3 :)
Oh well, SOMETHING's got to go wrong on the twenty-fifth of June. I mean, Michael Jackson met his end on this date three years ago.
Also, Farrah Fawcett.
JRP2234,
busy
i'm often busy
SolairePony89: it's not that, the fan grille is broken
Polydunami: DON'T REMIND ME. BILLY MAYS DIED THAT YEAR. D;
Pinkies4thWall: That sucks :(
RIP BILLY MAYS
^
:'(
LOST BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN
to my tribute..
SolairePony89: no, it hurts. my Lenovo G550 can get very hot
Yeah, it was quite the couple of weeks for celebrities to kick off :S
HI BILLY MAYS HERE!
HI BILLY MAYS HERE WITH OXICLEAN
I ALWAYS TALK IN CAPS.
Billy Mays is best pony
Pinkies4thWall: The fact that it's the summer isn't helping much I imagine
no streamers?
I wonder if somepony made Billy Mays a pony? 6_9
SolairePony89: we hit over 100 a couple days ago
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=st0SUrAG-D4&feature=related
Pinkies4thWall: Ouch. I'm thankful it hasn't gotten that hot where I live
STRECH, GRAB. AND IT FUSED FAST
SolairePony89: i'm in utah
lol
no billy was me. xD
Hey TheRareP0N3, Billy Mays was just here
Wait, what?
wait
WHAT
Pinkies4thWall: I'm in Minnesota, so we don't hit 100s very often thankfully
00,10no he quit
TheRareP0N3: YOU SILLY FILLY! :D
:d
I've wet my pants...
Oh my
NO STREAMERS? :C
Not yet
/me gives FlyingShoppingCart a new pair
Apparently, SuperBrony64 got volunteered.
now is my chance. :)
yay thanks! *pee his new pants...*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B7En0z2A38c
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8l4a697D6Ng&list=PLD03DDFBA7359DF71&index=32&feature=plpp_video No words for the level of epic
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0cY2NWlddU&feature=my_liked_videos&list=LLzNic4DfCQ3izTqC2mrKYEQ <- I know everypony has seen this atleast 100 times by now. But it's still awesome :)
Your...Your feet....
SOCKS WITH SANDALS. :[
Space
LOL POLKA IS MAGIC MUSIC
Lol TheRareP0N3 i'm choking with laughter literally
Aye Ponies47 :)
Sunshine sunshie ladybugs blargh! clap your hooves and do a little shake :)
Someday, a parade of people wearing socks and sandals will march down some large city...
Hey MadSurge :)
Well, if it didn't happen already, it will.
lol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RI_fKU7o31s&feature=plcp
stop all capsing. *lulz*
DoEs TaLkInG LiKe ThIs CoUnT? ;D
No!
lol
00,10how cute a smart ass
:(
We don't lava you anymore TheRareP0N3! D:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNlZOhiylOE :)
*crys*
lol i came back from a tf2 server with a drunk guy
next he'll prolly ask if 95% caps is ok
so hilarious
/me Hugs TheRareP0N3
lol ponies
is anyone watching anything
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Nice!
GODDAMNIT WHY DOES CHROME KEEP HAVING FLASH PLAYER CRASH
Ponies47: someone recorded it :)
i'm watching 5 irc channels
chrome sucks.
IE FT-jk.
Ok, i'm done
Chrome is OK
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pD_imYhNoQ4&list=FLMiKyfpd2YMs-0bb-hnzcFA&index=1&feature=plpp_video WOMBO COMBO
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Nice. When will it be up on youtube? :3
FF for the win
My Chrome is fine. What you talking about? lol
You suck TheRareP0N3! Google Chrome is awesome, you just have a bad internet.
00,10new versions of flash has alot of issues supposedly.
Ponies47: idk maybe a day or two
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmKj7vt4xRY
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Okie doki loki
lol super smash bro
Shit here we go with another system restore
Guys i'm probably done for tonight
back when gaming was awesome. :C
Night then Pinkies4thWall
I'm gonna head out too
Goodnight Pinkies4thWall and SolairePony89 :3
00,10ah that stupid wombo combo video, we meet again.
Night Pinkies4thWall and SolairePony89 :)
Sumica: ^.^
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=MIGAxXEMm_4 Pretty awesome remix :P
night SolairePony89 and Pinkies4thWall
My FF is the only browser i have that is good, and i get no stream on it, just a white box, no audio either
I wonder where SuperBrony64 went off to...
sumica y u never play tf2?
so i'm doing a system restore
/me I swatching a Youtubepoop about the King getting a new car :P
Polydunami: taco party most likely
Oh my, are you a fruit now?
lol i never touched tf2 again after what happened last time.
Firefox, on my end, is the worst. Eats up a lot of memory :S
i put 100 dollars into KEYS.
got an unusual.
but it was a cancer unusual
Polydunami: YESH :3
/me shoots himself in the foot because it has less problems than his damn laptop
bye
enginner's cap with searing plasma. -_-
TheRareP0N3: a Cancer Unusual?
Oh my
I feel funny
Cancer unusuals are hats that arn't wanted. example: heavy hats
Almost... prickly...
Hey brb im going to go make sure that my mom is not oing to check up on me to see if im still awake brb everypony
it a cancer hat has a high effect like scorching flames, it's still not worth more than 3-4 buds
or 2-3
now if you get an unusual team captain with sunbeams.
/me lives in his own house and stays up till 4am
Oh hey, this isn't too bad :D
sumica
sumica come play tf2 with me
sumica hates me.
:C
the boring part.
of night
00,10Is that before or after you ran away from home JRP2234?
Oh by the way sense i will be coming back you guys better not play the freakin sea ponies i swear to god i will be pissed
LOL.
sumica i never ran away
Polydurian: embrace the fruit!:D
:[
sea ponies are epic
i mean it
shoo be doo, sho sho be do
i returned
Shut up
inb4 sumcia puts it on
:D
xxMoopyxx: you know they will beacuse you said that right?
No don't do it dude
but anyways do you Sumica?
it hurts my head
*cough* He wants it *cough*
call apponn the seaaa ponniess when your in distress. *woah!* count apon the seaaa ponies simply give an S.O.S *o.s*
xD
No no no no no no no no no
Uranium fever has gone and got me down. Uranium fever, it's spreadin' all around.
count apon the sea poines when your in distress.
shoo be doo! shoo shoo be doo!
Shut up
:)
F is for fire that burns down the whole town
huzzah
Alright kids! Goodnight! I <3 you all1
o yays im getting a custom garrys mod pony of my oc
U is for Uranium Bomb
xxMoopyxx http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jpgy21r_dRE
it's not garrys mod
it's Gmod
N is for NO surviiiivoooors
TheRareP0N3: That's a great lesson, though. If you're drowning, just wait for the seaponies!
If you do that im going to turn off my computer screen and mute my speakers
GARYS MOD
my reaction for passing middle school.
Do it! :P
... It's not seaponies.
Oh right, my last exam is in a few hours.
No don't do it
hey kids! bye! :D
ha
...night :3
STREAM
lol
Bye FlareChaser :)
u haz control!
Sumica stream :)
bye FlareCHaser
ha
STREAMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
SHOO BEE DOO!
LOL!
LMAO
shooo bee doo
sea poniez
sumica is best troll
YES!
i like gen 1 a little
AWWWWW YEAAAH
I blame you Moopy >.>
CALL APON THE SEA PONIES
:D
WHEN YOUR IN DISTRESS
Sea ponies! :D
sos
:D
Thanks for the stream, Sumica
Hello everypony
yay.
hey LemonCake
shoo be doo!
Hey LemonCake
Does anyone else share my same gay love for Spike and Big Macintosh?
...uh
So many kicks
You a soccer ball, TheRareP0N3?
bubbles, this is NOT how they work
no
TOY_PON32: Lol
whoever played this, patrick: I LOVE YOU.
^
This is the best old mlp song, but it is also kinda weird...
It's over xxMoopyxx
11,01Bah. Coming storms may prevent me from sleeping.
It's Bacon and Applejack!
mmmmmmm bacon
agin agin
LMAO AT APPLEJACKS VOICE
sumica AGAIN
Time to sleep, Goodnight everyone ~
the magic conch shell
ND|Asleep: Nature sounds
huh? what movie is this?
shoo be dooo shoo sho be do
lolwtf
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lyoitmyAbB1r6mz7eo1_1280.png
thanks Sumica
AGAIN
Assuming buffer! :D
buffar
Oh hey, it's Cheezbinger.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Night
The very first My Little Pony. From the eightires.
Huh. Ok... I can take off. I can even land (although I can't do so at the runway). But once I touchdown, my plane rolls forevah before it finally comes to a stop.
*eighties :S
I wanna see Big Macintosh rest his scrotum across Spike's eyes and then watch Spike jack off Big Macintosh with both hands, and then watch Big Macintosh spray sperm all over Spike. It would be like a semen fire hose.
oh
assuming control.
/me is back (gone 00:00:15)
.....
Well, G1 wasn't TERRIBLE, actually.
00,10Just had to troll xxMoopyxx once before bed
that spy is not our spy!
Buffah..lo! :D
again
bagah
i think he missed it
flutterchu, reminded me of The Secret of Blue Water.
From what I heard, G1 and G2 where alright
Kammerjunk: acutally, your right. If i was a kid in the 80's i most likely would've watched it and probably enjoyed it
I've*
the ponies didnt look like the new series ponies
Okay anyways I'm off to bed night guys
anyone have a hate for my little pony tales?
00,10you kinda had to watch it in the 80's if you wanted cartoons
sumica goto bed but keep the sea ponies on loop
Goodnight TOY_PON32
Tempting Sumica is bad for your health!
sumcia, pretty much. xD
Spy: That was generation 1 of MLP.
pony_7825: i don't like the gen 2 intro
ok
uh, can i put on this dumb as hell infomercials?
:B
I was born in the 90's so I guess I missed it lol
this is a pretty awesome fanfic https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-IuWg0MZDVTWOSttyFk8NG6RmR3E7rnaVkZw31oXgMU/edit?pli=1
See, I noticed you :3
pony_7825: but i like gen 1 a little
http://www.fodrizzle.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/Everyday-Im-Buffering.gif
ewww fanfics
stupid buffer
When did G3 start, anyway?
flutterchu: Ah nice
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raUDOPD5LbQ
Uh... Not really sure
a Spy!:O
the potty putter! :D
BUFFER IS MINIGUN!
00,10and then LemonCake took a vacation
But... I think I remember it being aired at one point. I just quickly changed the channel onto another show lol
....
lawl
trolled
Bye LemonCake
this is getting awkward
Do ho ho, that slaps me on the knee.
a.......vacation O_O
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kb8rdc-0OpQ Halo Toy Story = /
Kammerjunk: i'm a fraid knot
Gentlemen?
http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/335/100/ef0.gif
STREAM
00,10damn I forgot to link it
SB!
WII. EWWWW!!!
ghaa
EWWWW!
YAY
SuperBrony64
What, like a figure-of-eight?
DeadpoolDash: Lol
SuperBrony64 jio0ahjioaefjiofjiofjiopwfjiopqwefopjq1wf
why doesnt the stream work?
SB stream huzzah!
Spy: Spy, is not our spy!
11,02Moo ^-^
hello superbrony. :)
cow
I spy a Spy with my eye!
11,02I can't wait for this game :3
SuperBrony64: Oom
mooooooo
what game
11,02Hai TheRareP0N3 ^-^
...
SuperBrony64 play tf2 with me
lmao super mario
/me is a BLU py
11,02JRP2234: I'm streaming Wii right now though :<
*Spy
the most repetitve game of all time.
SuperBrony64 but
SuperBrony64 but.
mario eez squirrel!
SuperBrony64 man, im missing a sb stream??? Dammit!
I think I have a Wii, but I don't play it. Is this game a big deal?
11,02KiwiBoi777: I U
Hey padme
hello every one
no
11,02O U*
moose and squirrel
*panda :S
xD
SuperBrony64 i go home tomorow
purple water.
dem babeh yoshis
Ugh, how did I get to Padme from Panda?
SuperBrony64 pretty please
Polydunami hahaha so whats up poly? ^-^
Padme kinda looked like a Panda in Episode 1...
11,01Yep. Pretty lightning-active storm approaching.
SuperBrony64: I heard the wii u is going to be a big part in the game like you controll the stuff that happens it looks cool to me
hen3ry whats a padme?
:O SuperBrony64 stream!
11,02JRP2234: But I'm streaming right now and I don't feel like playing TF2...I don't even like that game ._.
Episode 1? What's that?
ND|Asleep: lucky, wish we had rain comin
Star Wars, panda.
SSBB. ;D
YOUR GOING TO LOVE IT SuperBrony64
Polydunami where?
11,02I played it before though ><
jrp2234: steam?
SuperBrony64 play metroid prime
YEAH
SuperBrony64 you dont like it??? Why???
Brawl!
damnit
People seem to think there's a prequel trilogy to Star Wars :S
3;
aww yeah
Polydunami: Exactly my thoughts.
SuperBrony64 you say you will but u never do
wait. wii supports gamecube games?
What will he play? :3
insert coin please
dont all caps
It does support Gamecube games
POKEMON BLACK 2 IS NOW ON NINTENDO CHANNEL :O I REALLY WANT TO BE AN EMO
TheRareP0N3: ya
holy shit i'm getting one. O_o
LOL POKEMON.
that game is so old
11,02JRP2234: I don't have my GCN with me :/
I'm probably going to get hated for this, but Star Wars, good though it may be, is somewhat overrated in my opinion.
WHAT
Hey, Pokemon is fun lol
BULL
EEYUP.
11,02GCN controller*
SHIT
YES SHIT.
i heard that there's gonna be a 3ds xl
you so do
Nah, I concur, Polydunami. It's good, not epic.
pokemon is boring.
What is a gcn controller
?
LIES
no lies.
and stop the capas
lol
the XL might be cool if it had dual sticks, but it doesn't
SuperBrony64 which metroid rpime is it?
good night everyone
11,02Metroid Prime 1
eh. doesn't 3ds have that little animate thing?
:O
JRP2234: if he dosent want to play dont force him to his name is SuperBrony64 after all
that's like, overfested with children?
the origonal
Goodnight Darkts3
night Darkts3|Drawing|MLG
LOL WHAT THE FUCK
LIES
I lawl
Aw yeah!
yay I haven't seen tthis in forever
to this
SuperBrony64 is a liar
dat facesmack
11,02:<
parappa the rapper!
;D
SuperBrony64 wait
you said you had gmod?
SuperBrony64: YOUR A PHONY, A BIG FAT PHONY ! (reference)
SuperBrony64: can you please play the boxing one with the toy?
11,02JRP2234; I have it, yeah
oh great. this is a low budget copy of dance dance revolution. -_-
y u no play with me
This is me at night
SuperBrony64: ALL THEM PERFECTS :O
Lawl
SuperBRony64: j/k :)
cow334: Gamecube Controller
AJ
11,02TheRareP0N3: Lol, no
Kandarihu: oh thanks]
DDR makes you use your feet. This is with hands >.>
lolyes
the Applejack version is better. :-P
is anyone here acutally good at ddr?
TheRareP0N3: i grew up with that seires colected pokemon cards watch the anime play on the n64 and game boy when pokemon hg and ss came out half of the school was connecting pokewalkers with eachother and im in highschool so if you insult pokemon if you notice my username it will hurt my feelings inside and make me want to be an emo
i am. :)
jab jab jab jab
GO GO GO
jab. jab jab jab jab jab jab jab jab jab jab jab
TheRareP0N3: this game is about timing and rythem you should try it out
Hey, I'm in college and I still play Pokemon lol
GO GO GO
What the hay is this?
is anyone acutally good in dance dance revolution?
i am. :D
TheRareP0N3: I always wanted to be an emo
This is me at night
Rhythm Heaven Fever Kammerjunk
Aha.
I'm pretty good at rhythm but I've never played DDR.
^
Goodnight everyone
polydunami: Look up with deltamax is for ddr, and i can play that. :3
night Cobellanez
Polydunami im pro at ddr, i can do max 300 6-^
Goodnight Cobellanez
Im back guys thanks for not playing it i was not even looking so HA!
Night Cobellanez
Panda: ha, i can do delta max
max 300 is easy
panda: you must be athletic then :D
TheRareP0N3 shush you!
i've never played ddr. Then again I suck at dancing
Night Cob..........
DANG IT!
panda: ever beat replicant-d-action? :3
:'(
MadSurge not even xD im a fatty ^-^
I DO have an account on FFR but that's different: I use my hands.
ffr. lol
I never played DDR because then I'd have to go outside to buy it.
Wait, I have hands?
SuperBrony64 can u play gmod with me
TheRareP0N3 hm... neer tried that one?
I used to breakdance for quite a while, but thats different.
padna
Polydunami: :O
look up valkyie dimension challange. :)
EEH-OOH UH-OOH
o.o?
b'd the song
:B
why cant seesaws be this kickass?
This makes the Wii look fun. But it's too much work finding the bloody thing.
11,01Bad lightning outside.
o_o
11,02JRP2234: I don't feel like it right now, I'm tired and just relaxing with games on my Wii that I already know how to play
Wisconsin really needs some storms :(
I alaways hope to see a dancer wear an mlp shirt when I watch battle videos :)
Oh, to be where you are, Nittany. I'm jealous :|
I don't feel like dancin' when the old Johanna plays. My heart could take the chance, but my two feet can't find a way.
gunna get that Wii U SB64
ND|Asleep: you afraid of lightning/can't sleep with noise?
ND|Asleep: just try and sleep it out, and pray that your house doesnt get struck :D
11,02Prick: Yesh :)
ND|Asleep: I'm jelly
Afros
dat hiphop :P
into you? LOLWTF
Fo Sho
Fo sho
CRAZY INTO YOU :D
Fo sho ni- WAIT WHAT
is it me or do they look like complete idiots
crazy into you
It's not just you :S
this isnt rap and i hate rap
fuck it's the new ronald mcdonald. xD
All about you
all about me
TheRareP0N3: ur right.....they need circus afros
Im going to go watch MLP reaction episodes to get that freakin sea ponies out of my head
all about me? :DD
FO SHO
Crazy into you
SuperBrony64, there are fillies here who haven't seen M*A*S*H. Think we should rectify that someday?
but i'll stay in the chatroom
You saw that coming Moopy >.>
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lmk3kv1hm01qbq86qo1_500.jpg Why the hell arnt these everywhere?!
11,02Polydunami: Okie :3
ii'm sorry but i'm just completely derping atm
eenope
Nice.
M*A*S*H...really you...you...i got nothin' -.-
that was the dumbest shit i've seen in a long time
close your eyes and then slect one without looking
Irish_Pony: they'd get vandalised in a really short time here :D
who's streaming?
i want the streamer to play ddr. :D
SB64
Hm? Prick, you say something?
11,02hen3ry
11,02:3
I was answering TheRareP0N3's question :-P
your gunna LOVE MEH! :[
I have the entire series on DVD, you know.
what the hell is this factory even making?
widgets
I think
square wheels
I loved the DS' version levels of this :3
indeed
double square wheels for square trucks
hey bros, sup... /)
This game is in no short supply of widgets if you should ask me.
Hey guys I'm working on a song if you want to go check it out, here's the link http://soundcloud.com/g3nesis-warfare/pilot
11,02Hey brony_swan :)
hiya Brony_swan
Hey brony_swan :P
widgets were right?..
Howdy brony_swan
11,02noname: Yesh
noname: yup
hello brony_swan
I've never seen this one
theyre reproducing...that means were watching them....o_o
oh i like it OTP
evening SB :3
Prick: thnx
howdoyouspaceonacomputer?
11,02Hai XAX :3
How you been? :D
11,02cool :#
11,02:3
You've been cool?
Cool.
Oh god, this one
>_>
lol
me gusta
the begining of that mix is my favorite, oh btw how do i ping other peoples names...i haz no ida
morning ponys
mornin VioletGreySha!
Prick: Just like this.
fongs dogs
dogs
Kammerjunk: oh so you just type it out ah ok
brb for a while...
dogs dogs
Prick: Yup. When you're typing someone's name, you can also press tab and it'll autocomplete. You can keep pressing tab until you get the right name.
Kammerjunk: sweet
SB u pro
11,02Dat VioletGreySha O.O
SuperBrony64: i spot a silly filly ;P
11,02i liek silly :3
:3
XD
I just found a kick ass group called PSN-Ponies :D
CONFOUND YOU COMPUTER! WHY MUST YOU CRASH EVERYTHING!?!!? :[
/me hugs SuperBrony64
I see a silhouette of a silly colt.
/me hugs VioletGreySha back ^-^
question: im shy and very nice just like fluttershy but when i talk averyone tells me to shut the fuck up what do i do ?
hay Ponies47 and yah it happens sometimes :3
Scaramouch! Scaramouch!
dat Queen
xD
Who ever pinged me repeat. :|
hello?
11,02Ponies47
hi Ponies47
11,02:3
hay Ponies47 i pinged you :P
Thank you SuperBrony64 and KiwiBoi777
/me hugs Ponies47
VioletGreySha: Can you please repeat? :(
/me hugs Ponies47
/me Hugs SuperBrony64
CONFOUND THESE PONIES! THEY DRIVE ME AWAY FROM MY PS3!!!
/me Hugs KiwiBoi777 back
flutterchu: I see pride! I see power! I see a badass mother who don't take shit from nopony!
Ponies47: VioletGreySha	hay Ponies47 and yah it happens sometimes :3
I can't understand the timing of the blue fishes .__.
11,02:3
VioletGreySha: Thank you :)
I actually own that movie.
On VHS.
Polydunami: huh?
best watch ever
Cool Runnings.
BRB
You know, with John Candy in it?
be right back
That poor monkey's paw must hurt like hell from giving all that high fiving
nah lol
/me sets a juicer next to KiwiBoi777
it kept time well?
lolwtf
Om: w-why do u have that?:$
hey guys
KiwiBoi777: Oh, I carry it everwhere I go.
Hey TheRareP0N3!
on wends and through next thursday i won't be here
going to my dads
BACK
Om: it's nice to be prepared
Time for Badminton!
what the living hell....
BA BUM BUM BUM
PA PAM PAM PAM <3
BA BUM BUM BUM
KiwiBoi777: Oh definetly. Do you know what my faveorite type of juice is>
what the fuck.
13nacht ponies~
Goodnight Shizuschlafen :)
night again Shizuschlafen ;p
it's 4 am for me
Night Shizuschlafen! :3
lol
night Shizuschlafen
Om: is it Orange? mine is orange
gnight Shizuschlafen
my favorite juice is apple juice. :3
nacht Shizuschlafen
11,02Night Shizuschlafen :)
MahBoi777: Nope. Its white grape.
Night Shizuschlafen :)
Om: ah, that is also a good one
.....local birds...?
Whoa catchy
Om: fruit hour just ended:S
ima follow shizu and head off to sleep as well
/me puts juicer away
TheRareP0N3: Just roll with it :D
night guys
Night Shamroc :)
11,02Night Shamroc :)
i don't even.
._.
night SuperBrony64!! have fun with the cooking
JAB..
just in time too:$
MahBoi777: What are you talking about?
JABJABJABJABJABAJBABJABJABJABJAGOGOGOGOGGOGOGO
SuperBrony64
*sad face
Hey im watching this episode its called hearts and hoofs
wat
/me pokes Skyidle
Om: nuthin, u shudn't concern yourself with my mindless babbling
xxMoopyxx: Yeah? What's wrong?
MahBoi777: Is that right? I'll remember that.
why you no respondez vous plez!
hearts and hooves day?
game and watch
GOGOGO
a
Mrs cheerlie and big mac are trying to test the drank for the love pouchin i think
Om: okey dokey
a
game and watch
gogogo
this game..
sa
Who thinks up games like this anyhow? HOW do they think up games like this? Why?
she's asleep.
stab and stab and stab go go go
TheRareP0N3: it's awesome, isn't it?
why is easy. $$$
no.
Japan, Kencolt
lol
11,02Alright, I'm getting really tired so I'm cutting the stream off short here. night all :)
Goodnight SuperBrony64
PLEASE DO SO
GOD DAMN
Aww :(
Night SB64
Good stream SuperBrony64 :P
I shall head off as well.
SuperBrony64: so you have gotten really awesome at this game well you where already awesome but you have gotten amazing at this game rythem on brony you rock and night keep up the good work
gnight SuperBrony64! thanks for streaming!
this game is so weird.
Kencolt: i geuss they want kids to like music insted of scrillex
bye Polydunami! take care:)
Good night SuperBrony64! Thanks for the stream :)
11,02TheRareP0N3: For that, I'll play one more just for you :)
Night SuperBrony64!
It's the images. They disturb me.
lol
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-
Night Pol..........
DANG IT! :'(
O_O
TheRareP0N3: The longest one even.
ah shit
are you kidding me.
flutterchu: I'm with you on that. Goddamn Skrillex :D
:D
Hey ponies47 just to let you know i won't be seeing you guys cause i'll be on my vaction so yeah and have fun on the 4th so yeah
TheRareP0N3: thank you xD
FINAL LEVEL
and how many times did we see this one when he was trying to complete the game? Like, 20 in a row?
who the fuck thinks of this stuff?
LOL
YAY Japan!
^^
falcon kick
SuperBrony64: NO! You need to sleep! Sleep is good for you! :O
xxMoopyxx: Have fun on vaction! :)
BA BUM BUM BUM
Thanks man
*facedesK*
is the over
oh god
/me dances to the odd beat
/me facedesks in agony
uh ooh
Om: swag
MahBoi777: If only I had some juice, I'm pached!
oh good fucking lord
xD
TAP TAP TAP
this is worse than the shitty ddr songs..
eh
wubadubadub is that true?
only good ones are max 300 and the boss songs, and some good ones with exceptions
slap
twist
my mind though: what is this| exactly when i played katamari dacamcy
not done yet
wait one more :D
GAH
YES
Clap clap clap
avatarpony korra!! http://twentypercentcooler.net/post/show/21400/air-avatar-black_background-black_hair-brown_body-
way to go SB64!
ENCOUR!
ura. now please get it off of this
^
it would have been hilarious tho if he had gotten a perfect up to that last point... and then trolled by the last encore bit
Dat clap hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
SB64 you rock WHOHOO
NO FRIENDSHIP MEANS MAGIC
Woohoo <3
11,02And now...music :)
...
Huzzah!
cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
That was really good SB64
hey do that again
Nice job SuperBrony64! Now GO TO BED! :)
SUPER BRONY WHY ARE YOU SUCH A TROLL.
read somthing :| ill stick to fanfics
Ponies47: You go to be >_>
FALCO
do that clap again
PAWNCH
PAAAAAWWWWNNNNCCCCCHHHHH
Om: But it's only 3:11 AM :(
4:10 am
just do it its funny to me
10:11 am here
SuperBrony64: i think we listened to enough rythem why don't you get some sleep
Ponies47: Exactly. Now do push up, it good for health
same here killerpony7733 :D
LIKE A COW
moo
Ponies47: feel the burn
MadSurge: where do you live? :O
Om: Push ups?
Fine
/me Gets down on floor
Italy killerpony7733!
Ponies47: or just run it will help out a lot
trust me
/me Starts doing push ups
/me sits on top of Ponies47
FASTER!
oh dayum
hardcore push ups
SuperBrony64 :(
ONE TWO THREE FOUR! I LOVE MARINE CORE!
...
ew.
fluttershy bäst ponny
/me Keeps doing push ups
agreed.
flutterchu: yes she is bruhuuf /)
This is fun ^_^
no it's not
so much fun
agh, forget you people. i'm playing ddr.
THE FUN HAS BEEN
Go be posh someplace else.
DOUBLED
poney drôle pinkie
I'm doing push ups :P
/me Keeps doing push ups
TheRareP0N3: BRU HUUF /)
(\
/me plays montage music while Ponies47 does push ups
Ah hah! Liar!
fluttershyと恋にIM
i can speak any laguage
LIKE A
i love that clap at the end
Boss
pony_7825: faust?
Welp push ups were fun but bed time.
GOOD NIGHT EVERYPONY!
cow334: Baws :P
Ponies47: Night!
gnight Ponies47, u did well :D
pony_7825: Like a faust
.....he'll be back
Do a bare
Flipper rolls! :D
MahBoi777: Seeee, push-ups make anypony want to go to bed
11,02lright, going to shut off the steam now :)
11,02stream*
SuperBrony64
11,02Night all ^-^
Night SuperBrony64
Mooo
Nigh SuperBrony64
night SuperBrony64 :3
/me dusts SuperBrony64
Om: u shud make exercise videos, u cud cure insomnia
SuperBrony64: have a good sleep about ponies
Night SB64
MahBoi777: Yus.
night SuperBrony64
Irish_Pony: Its a lepracaun! Rub it for good luck!
gnight SuperBrony64! sleep well!
noight SB
/me rubs Om
Om: wow, that was racist and annoying
ohai StupidSexyCJ
hooray now we can send links
Irish_Pony: Ahh, music to my ears~
o hai MahBoi777
Night SuperBrony64! MOOOO
but SuperBrony64
StupidSexyCJ has best rubs.
lol
Hello :)
EVERYONE WATCH THIS http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_C-6IF1moM
Bunny_Maid_Luna: Ello der
o hai Bunny_Maid_Luna
hey Bunny_Maid_Luna
Bunny_Maid_Luna: Bunny <3
Irish_Pony: Wolfy <3
Spongebob
Phase4 can you play l4d2 with me?
I made a Tumblr :)
JRP2234: do you play steam? :D
luna can i has spot?
ALSO WATCH THIS http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeRglyFEc3I
Bunny_Maid_Luna: about hamsters?
00,02JRP2234, i was planing on playing dx:hr
00,02eh, what the hay
ohai Phase4! how are you?
00,02JRP2234, i'll play a game with you
Phase4: i just brought the game i want someone to play with
Phase4: Can I paly? :D
00,02MahBoi777, i'm good
00,02TheRareP0N3, sure
Bunny_Maid_Luna: I got an idea for Major and Shadow from listening to to this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTqIepbBfC4 <3
good
Phase4: Steam or no?
00,02steam
StupidSexyCJ: No :D But that's a great idea :D
Phase4: voice chat?
Scout: pop quiz how long does it take to beat a moron to death?
Alright
Whats your username?
/me hugs Phase4 :3
00,02JRP2234[Web], i cant use voice chat right noe
/me 00,02hugs VioletGreySha back
00,02TheRareP0N3, Phase4
mmk
is the profile picture derpy on a comp?
o hai Ghosties
mk.
04Hello
Ghosties: ello
hi Ghosties
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ipe445sj4M4&list=UUJa9XgfBwzAVgUZ4NUXbTaQ&index=1&feature=plcp
Irish_Pony: The song is too adorable! <3 I have an Idea for MajorXShadow by hearing this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9Castw1068 :)
Hello Ghosties!
good morning Ghosties, or whatever time it is where you live
Phase4 Anyone gonna stream soon?
hello :)
Hello noteworthy :)
noteworthy: hiya
This song is Awesome! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9Castw1068
04It is...4:24 AM here
Ghosties: ikr?
It's 2:25 AM here
:)
It's 1:25 AM here
Ghosties: for me it is 3:24AM here
Heh its 4:27 here
11:25 AM
Lawl you are a hour ahead
Irish_Pony: So how does the song sound? :)
is that working?
Yay stream
Bunny_Maid_Luna: Pretty good :)
i c L4D
Oh hey cow334 whats up
2
yay left 4 dead 2
Hai xxMoopyxx
yay stream works
00,02COLOUR ON
Phase4: still not finished campaign?
:O
hey did you say that your going to defriend me about few days ago?
good morning everypony :3
Bunny_Maid_Luna: so did you like the little drawing I did on your DA account? :$
Irish_Pony: Yeah <3
00,02diddutz, nope
00,02one more player
Bunny_Maid_Luna: Be mine forever? <3
Irish_Pony: I created a Monster/human OC today!:) His name is TriDex :) You'll be the first to see him :)
/me glomps Starflash
hi Starflash! how are you?:)
MahBoi777 /kingface
Bunny_Maid_Luna: yay :)
Irish_Pony: And yes,I will <3
Cow334
00,02dis might take a while
sry fixing somthing
Ohai Bunny_Maid_Luna, Starflash and Irish_Pony!
Phase4: i would be here hrhr
I bring a message to you all from SuperBrony64: "Moo :3"
xD
Let it be heard \:3/
00,02k, 3 players, last slot is for JRP2234
00,02he better hurry though
Starflash: that's from him alright :D
indeed Starflash
00,02VioletGreySha, spot just went :(
Phase4: yah its ok ^^
ikr MadSurge ^_^
anyways MahBoi777 how are you :3
IM SICK OF FPS GAMES........n-nevermind:(
Phase4: if i download a game but later on buy a new computer and i have to trans port my steam to the coomputer will i stilll have the game i bought and just have to redownload them or would i have to buy the, agian?
Phase4: time for me to bash more diablo 3 xD
Starflash: I am doing great! thanks for asking. how are you? :3
00,02cow334, you wont have to buy again, and if you copy the steamapps folder you wont have to re-download
Sleepyyy
Also, dat l4d2 oO
me too
Phase4: i got kicked
too bad I don't have that game :D
lol
00,02JRP2234[Web], lolwut
if only
Phase4: wait so if i copy the steam apps then when i get a new computer i wont have to redownload the game agian i will all ready have it?
menu screen song to boring
00,02cow334, yup
00,02have to log-in of course
00,02game time
hooray
Phase4: oh well that is awesome now i know i can do that thanks
but how do i copy steamapps
00,02JRP2234, try re-join
Death to thaa zombies!
except the boomers
poor zambies, all they ever wanted was love
cow334: if you got your new computer just connect both to your router and copy them over the LAN/Network
00,10Well fixed the Youtuve video resize issue I was having.
Boomers seem like nice zombies
o hai Sumica
aaah okay thanks diddutz
MahBoi777: give the boomer a hug?
hyes
Bunny_Maid_Luna: So when do I see this little human/monster version of me? :)
00,10seems it's the way FF and Flash interact with eachother. It's a new safty feture to prevent flash bugs from being exploited.
00,10And I bet this same feture is why so many people are having flash crashes so often now.
Boomer Nooooooo!
Irish_Pony: A little bit :) He will look crappy,but I was hearing and song and all :D
Phase4: I can tell your not much of pc gamer :P
Fun Fact: it hurts to get shot
Bunny_Maid_Luna: Its ok, all your drawings look amazing to me :)
00,10now to celebrate by seting of kerbal fireworks
MahBoi777: not if you do it right
PILLS HERE
00,02Irish_Pony, i am, not sure whats going wrong
00,02i blame the cat
00,02wont go away
Phase4: So your usually faster?
00,02much faster
:P
kitty
Phase4: its saying my game files consitisty to match the servers
Phase4: cant blame the cat it id Boss
is
dont mauch* Phase4
match*
JRP2234[Web]: just delete everything that doesn't match, that works for most source games
ohaidere
00,02easy is muthc easier thna i though
00,02JRP2234[Web], verify the integrity of your copy
Irish_Pony x Bunny_Maid_Luna headcanon http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ljr8fkUdPY1qfcks8.gif
Derp
00,02JRP2234[Web], it might need to be updated
XD
xmasskills: really?
Irish_Pony: i had to it was priceless
Run into a tank if you see one lawl
^
xmasskills: you need to get your head fixed :|
:$ yea i do
Tanks are no match for coach
Fast zombies? Who thought they would be a good idea in movies? (L4D zombies are fine though)
00,02JRP2234[Web], i'm going to let someone else join for now
00,02tell me when its fixed
MadSurge: Fast zombies are way cooler than slow ones
im gonna go play minecraft baaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Teh minecraft teh it sucks
FIRE HOT
Tank!
diddutz: but slow zombies are already bad enough, if they're fast there's no hope for survivors!
Irish_Pony: here this explains everything http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4ze2vJP3W1qzwaddo1_500.jpg
Oh i wish i still had my L4D2 installed :D
great game
diddutz: I DO :( (besides not all are as depressing as Night Of The Living Dead)
Oh boy witch
MadSurge: My fav is 28 weeks later, because of the great soundtrack and the amazing intro, where running makes everything seem like a real thread
Chainsaw ftw!
diddutz: at least there's an explanation for fast zombies, as in they're not walking dead
Phase4 the thing is taking longer than normal the vaildate
00,02JRP2234, there might be something wrong with your hdd
MadSurge: yeah thats more like the virus explanation, i like that more.
that man needs cola
Reinstalling L4D2 from a disc to save time :)
diddutz: fast walking dead, that's bullshit instead. (unless it's House of The Dead :D )
Oh geez.
hmm?
Hello Bronystate!!!
Hey CrazyCherry!
hai CrazyCherry
If all goes well, this will be a sad picture...
=_0?
Phase4: the game i dont think installed right
00,02i remember easy being harder
00,02JRP2234[Web], :(
MadSurge: The cool thing about the Virus explanation is that the existance of a sililar virus is possible.
*similar
Phase4: if i can get my L4D2 installed within a hour or so could i join in?
00,02killerpony7733, i'm only playing the one round
hai guys
Phase4: ah ok
hi Chrysalis
DERP
how are people today?
DERP
Keith is the hardest difficulty
Chrysalis: We cool.
Chrysalis: doin good so far
diddutz: I hope not :D only viruses that make you a drooling innocuous wreck instead
Hey Chrysalis!
8117 files failed to valadate Phase4
holy shit
00,02huh
00,02you might have a problem
00,02JRP2234[Web], run a disk scan
00,02full one with all the options turned on
no it was the fact the installer ended premuture muiltple times
Tank!
TAAAAAANK!
Phase4: it is now downloading all the files that failed
so it might work next time
sup vintle scratch
i mean vinyle
Boomer! yay
MadSurge: if rabies can make you fear water? I think there might exist a virus that can make you feel the urgent need of raw flesh..
bath salt
Yeah diddutz but there's already a vaccine for rabies, and infected people didn't turn into zombies :D
diddutz so just comething which makes you crave protein then?
yaaaay
hmmm, if you add something to stimulate adreneline, a psychotic and somthing to make you crave protein
you might be able to make something akin to a zombie
CrazyCherry: especially when he takes a adrenalin shot
ebrbrbrbrbr
killerpony7733: Especially.
Yes
!
Well im off to bed everypony see you guys later ok later cow334 and ponies47 peace *Moopy has left the chat*
bye xxMoopyxx
BAI xxmoopyxx
Phase4: its downloading all the fixed files
so quiet
did fluttershy sing or something?
hmm?
there was nearly 2 minutes of no one saying anything
oh
I'm just tired
....love....me....
Baaa
Go to bed dude
I'm not tired anymore
04Why should I love a prick?
Starflash: but then I'll miss somethin good!
04That's not a very nice username ._.
Ghosties~
ohai Ghosties
dat red. it cleanses the mind.
your gunna LOVE MEH! :[ and besides im lovable and adorable :)
Om: what is your secret?
Ghosties y u no let me
dat adorable prick.
04The color of red MAKES MY BLOOD BOIL!!!!
04I AM LIKE BULL
O____O
:[
MahBoi777: ... A good imagination...
but bulls dont get angry at red
they go for movement
/me giggles at Ghosties.
04Chrysalis, why you gotta mess up my momentum ._.
CrazyCherry: don't :< noone wants him to disappear.
/me is party pooper
Red gets angry at bull
In soviet russia
^
^^
k im back
oh LFD2
OMG IM THE 999,999 VISITOR!!! CANT WAIT TO CLAIM THIS PRIZE!!!
wb OneTrickPony|music
rdibp: GRATZ DOOD
Anyways
/me gives Ghosties a bull
because you need one... you see.
Red bull gives you wiiiiinnnngs
:O
like a baws
apparently there was just a small earthquake :3 I didn't feel it
hello everpony
hai yifle1
i wanna get this game so bad
great job Phase4, u did easy like a pro
hey yifle1
alrighty people i'm back
00,02thats all for me
:B
00,02MahBoi777, 6_9
:(
from playing l4d2
i'm dj_p0n3. :D
yeah im almost done with school now
:D
they never helped with the cans.
-_-
e_0
00,02hmmm
00,02kerbal or dx:hr
Phase4: dx:hr
00,02k
whats kerbal an dx:hr?
:<
00,02kerbal space program
rdibp: kerbal space program and deus ex human revolution
anything new
what is he playing?
00,02and deus ex human revolution
/me FLIPS TABLE
/me recunstructs table
04* Starflash gives Ghosties a bull <-- What kind of bull? Red Bull?
you guys are too slow in l4d2
lol
Phase4: i'm up for DX:HR to see how you play it :P
Ghosties you can pick :D
tits. :B
00,02actualy i want to play tf2
alright guys i'ma go
00,02~30 min of dx:hr then tf2
How about a sitting bull? http://derpy.me/AvIto
brony 4 life
Phase4: sounds good
04Well, I don't like Red Bull...so I'll just take Sitting Bull
cool :D
00,02this all assumes that sutff works
00,02stuff'
You've obtained a Sitting Bull! Press Z to throw a Tomahawk!
any one got fear 3
00,02well
00,02i crashed dx:hr
00,02that should fix it
00,02der e go
00,02we'
00,02now last time we did not talk to the police guy and did not totaly fail the convo
i'm glad your vayne
hey guys
augh
Hai alexxm
04You know, I thought about getting FEAR 1 after playing through Nightmare House 2
hey Starfrench what happemed
nothing :D just french
Phase4: should stream be up by now? because i just buffer ...
00,02it wont let me talk
00,02diddutz, ?
00,02it should be up
Its true, buffer everywhere
00,02if i've been streaming to the wrong embed
00,02no
00,02right embed
lolz
00,02diddutz, Starfrench: refresh
/me keeps refreshing.
i did multiple times even refreshed the whole page, still buffering ...
00,02stop refreshing now
VioletGreySha: does mips stream work for you? <<
Starfrench: what? öö
04Perhaps your connections?
ze stream~ does it work <__<
00,02i turned it off for a sec
no idear let me look at it
00,02going back on now
yah see
:3
00,02i cant push to mips
00,02did i break it again :|
no idear
00,02i think either i broke it or mips died
or at least my mips died ^^''
11.•10«11WB10 (Lighty10) 11WB10»11•. 10- i sooo love e-mail, i win atleast 5 cars everyday
hmm, anyone any good at really bizarre bugs?
wahah somewhat :D
00,02Chrysalis, how bizarre?
may be mostly luck though :D
while(i >= Count) i-= Count; where Count is 4 and i is a negative number, it gets stuck in an infinite loop
LIKE A FAUST
00,02Chrysalis, is i unsigned?
00,02needs to be signed
nope
signed int
Chrysalis what sort of bugs are you talking about
00,02...huh
00,02Chrysalis, pastebin the function?
lol, was just about to screencap it :P
00,02that works too
00,10Good job breakin it hero.
00,02have to do something while i wait for mips
http://theadmin.co.uk/images/stories/1340616518-dDrtCh.jpg
00,02ok
00,02that seems better
00,02hmm
yay streams up :3
stream
00,02Sumica, is there an aspect ration scale in fmle?
hang on... is it forcing an unsigned conversion because count is unsigned...
ah, dat stream. :D good
god damnit c++, it was forcing unsigned conversion
00,02Chrysalis, might be
00,10you meen the dropdown or liek a 16:10 thing?
but still using signed maths for the increment
00,02yeah, just use int
i have no idea what that means
alexxm an unsigned number cannot be negative
00,02Sumica, scale to 640x480 and add black bars
ok Chrysalis
and an signed number uses the first bit to indicate whether its negative or not, which means a negative number is massive if considered as unsigned
00,10nah noting like that.
00,02well poo
Stream?
00,10You can set it to 6x4 but it wont have the bars unless the sorce feed does.
00,10now say if you had a video playing with MPC you could do that.
00,02vhscreencap will scale like that
00,10yeah you can force scale with it.
Nightly roundup, its 10am
00,10but it's hard on on your system
sup LU
Hey guys, more pony jokes in Two Best Friends :D
00,02wait what
00,02MadSurge, LINK
Can I?
DERP
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xr6L7-yVp0s&list=EL8Fo_WBNo0Qg&index=1&feature=plpp_video I'M BREAKING THE RULES
00,02well
00,02dat didnt work
MadSurge: you brok the rules you broke the rules!
Oh you Ghosties :D
lol, auto kicked for youtube link?
What is this?
Wait I'll PM you
no, timestamps wrong
04Nope, not auto
04That was all voluntary, baby
04Of mah free will
MadSurge timestamp?
Phase4: it's all in the end.
LAWL
Also, ALL ANIMATED.
oh come on
icecream colours?
thats barely a pony referencew
Phase4: your lack of sound
since when did these two run a escort service
Chrysalis: and the muffin. WATCH IT CLOSELY.
Also escort mission humor.
...I killed the chat.
no you didnt
04Murderer
I killed the chat
bye doing thiss
Ashley isn't that bad of an escort btw
Like A Faust
It's getting late here, imma go to sleep now see ya guys tomorrow :)
Who killed the chat!?
<_< >_>
damn it slippy
hahah I love that music
from deadrrising
is dat tr00?
Stop playing with yourself.
TEHE
i dont know
two people do not simply share a lifebar...
i didn't know final fight had zombies
Dat deus ex poster. -approved-
was that luna and celstia in the back round
Ice cream!
DERPY
Derpy too
TINY MUFFIN DERPY
haha
der[y
That luna and celestia icecream
^
his life is an escort mission
DeadpoolDash: exactly
00,02dat was derpy's muffin
react to medley of ytpmv
Aye
Live and learn
...is anyone french here :D
I'm italian :D
I'm afraid not well that is just me saying i dunno
play medley of ytpmv
Oh? gratz on yesterday evening MadSurge :'D
the youtube video medley of ytpmv
I want to learn a new language do
I speak engrash
Starfrench: ? what did I do yesterday evening? :D
*sigh* nevermind
00,02well dat doesnt work
You conquered englaaaand
mwuahahahahaha
i speak german and english this is enough for me :P
DED
diddutz, where in germany :D
Phase4: You don't even have a save before the encounter?
Phase4: you need a plan
south-west
O___O
Mannheim? :D
00,02killerpony7733, i have one but i'm not sure how far before it is
00,02cow334, i do
Phase4: well if you want to get in there with no hazzle best try it
Phase4: a ton of loot once you get to it
Phase4: Well lets see? yu do this like a faust
you
no desktop pony :'(
I never asked for this
Phase4 Any idea what type of build you will use for the game?
I like the protagonist's VA
MadSurge: yeah his voice is god damn godly
00,02killerpony7733, i'm figuring it as i go
00,02his va creeps me out
Phase4: big hint this game gives a buck ton of xp from stealth and non lethal
he just sounds so emontionless
alexxm: me
killerpony7733: unlike many "gritty" heroes nowadays that seem to have eaten cigarettes for 5 years straight
alexxm: thats the point how would you be after so much trauma that jensen went through?
00,02killerpony7733, i noticed that
killerpony7733 good point
MadSurge: wait you eat cigarettes
00,02yeah, he was thrown through several glass windows
00,02shot in the head
00,02and had a wall colapse on him
flutterchu: no, but Dr Girlfriend apparently does :D
00,02in the middle of a fire
00,02wow, i just realised how boss jensen is
Phase4: Theres very few emotional moments with jensen and they make you realise he hides all the trauma in some way as portrayed in the game
Like a faust
Phase4: Sheesh....jensen is karma's bitch apparently.
He survived all that even before he was a cyborg, impressive!
Phase4:
00,02JRP2234,
Phase4: can we try again?
I have a question: those "sunglasses" are for him to see, right?
00,02JRP2234, i want to play this then tf2
00,02MadSurge, i have no clue
00,02he doesnt need them
Phase4: remember to save before the encounter
00,02killerpony7733, will do
Phase4......
Then they probably are to visualize all the stats
holy hell the chat cleared out
xD
dadaq
00,02it was only trank darts -_-
Phase4: if you haven't used your praxis kits yet get the social aug
YES KILL EVERYONE
00,02killerpony7733, but i want the heavy thingy
Phase4: heavy what?
04Kill everyone, I like that option
00,02move/throw heavy objects
/me gets his grenades
00,02and the cary capacity
Phase4: isn't that important early on if you do things right
00,02"whats that sandvich? kill everyone?"
00,02killerpony7733, but.... vending machines
14back
00,02:<
/me 00,02is buying it
Phase4: i know :D
Phase4: yes last 2 on social aug?
00,02and i want to get the carying capacity too
00,02cause the pack from steam included the pre-order crap
/me tosses a bouqet of grenades into the chat
04Have fun!
00,02that i will never use
>sandbox game -> always kill everyone
he gonna take you back to the past....... to play the shitty games that sucked ass *hums the rest*
00,02allso
00,02they dont give you enough tranq darts
00,02its quite anoying
/me never asked for this...he asked for tacos, tacos rule.
Phase4: it's kinda hard to do non lethal but thats why it wants you try be creative and very sparing with ammo
DeadpoolDash: what's up with people and taco's
taco
a headshot with tranq darts is instant knockout
tacos are awesome and sound cool
Phase4: i usually do non lethal on anyone that is not really those really evil guys cause you get no moral xp from those
/me gives DeadpoolDash and SuperBrony64 taco's
04I prefer taquitos. Yum.
00,02i need the space
screw the aromor go around naked like the ponies
Phase4: your choice bud :P
00,02which i can use to carry stuff to sell and buy praxis kits
killerpony7733 you done a non-lethal run?
mmmmmmm taquitos
MahBoi777: whats a taquito, precious?
they don't have em here in euroland, I believe
Chrysalis: uh overall yes but with killing only the para military guys and anybody else was non lethal as possible
ah so you dont have the achievement?
04Taquitos are like meat, veggies, and spices rolled up in a flour tortilla
Chrysalis: sadly no :D
ooo nice :D
its actually a way of making the game easier
I think I made something like that once :T
04It's kinda like a burrito
WY U KILL AWESOME DANCE MAN
they're very good Starflash Lol
00,02for a moment i though i got away with that
04Same principle and junk
00,02cow334, not kill
00,02just punch
my hard no kills run was definately easier than my normal run before
04Just not folded
badass anyone
04Rolled instead of folded
ive played this game as ghost and it was really frustrating
Ah
So they do have them here
Chrysalis: i think its due to how you remember places and everything and said ways to gain things etc
but they just call em meat rolls or something.
<_>
guess, I'd better head to bed finally, gnight everyone take care
the hardest part is not accidentally killing someone
taser is the best weapon in the game
Chrysalis: yep
cause you can kill with tranqs
Phase4: i can guide you through the encounter
Gnight MahBoi777 :D
00,02killerpony7733, i want to figure it
00,02thats the fun bit
Phase4: alrighty
Phase4: but it's generally easy this one
/me hugs Starflash
that dude is a total pushover ^^
diddutz: i feel with him he gets alot of flak
crush him
alexxm god no that just makes me feel bad
ok killerpony7733 just wanted to see what would happen
and i just killed the chat
00,02dis isnt working
Like a fausr
alexxm also notice the emotional jensen here?
faust
yeah killerpony7733
Phase4 do a new one then
Oh hey, it's Indifference: The Game.
00,02i screwed dat up
kill him
killerpony7733: i've yust seen some videos, one with that dude, since there are different options what to say i think there are many ways of proceeding through this conversation
Phase4: try more forgiving
00,02killerpony7733, what should my first optio be
absolve
00,02option'
00,02k
Phase4 uh show me them
Phase4: i'll tell you each time
Phase4: haha kill him
00,02ok...
00,02cow334, NO :<
00,02dis jensen is a thinking man
00,02not a punching man
00,02though he does that allso
Phase4: Ok show me the options
Is this a non-lethal playthough?
i always use absolvefirst
Phase4: aww man well well if you see some one can you FALCO PAWNCH them?
Deus Ex o.o
Phase4: Absolve
00,02killerpony7733, this will take ages with stream lag
Phase4: don't worry
jensen doesn't punch people, he punches walls
tell him to think about the ponies
use your knife arms on him
00,02i think its just al absolve
Phase4: no no no it's not
Meh. Just act as if you're in a relationship with him: Constantly agree.
Phase4: uh last one is different i think let me see the options
its probably plead...
but sometimes you can always absolve
Phase4: ok options again
00,02i'm thinking plead
Phase4: try that
nonoon
Phase4: it usually leads deeper into the conversation
but mabye
secret selection: do all 3
00,02dat didnt work
Phase4: wait
absolve, absolve, absolve
Yeah, I'm thinking absolve.
Phase4: uh absolve
That
THINK OF THE PONIES WAYNE
00,02yeah, dat didnt work
Ok Phase4 lets try all absolve
absolve alll the time
Just do pure absolve.
00,02i'ma try absolve until it doesnt seem right
sounds like batman
jensens kinky
i know but the voice sounds like batman
Kammerjunk: lolwhut it's not DX IW silly filly
00,02wait what
IT'S INVISIBLE WAR.
00,02that was different
00,02that was a different line
damn randomization
00,02dere is random in dis
try a mixture Phase4
Phase4: hmm guess social aug would had helped here it usually guides you the right way
00,02yeah
show the options
Phase4: wait go crush
Considering that they didn't go LA: Noire on this, the faces in this game look pretty neat.
Darnit!
Kammerjunk: yeah the emotional expression of many of the people jensen talk with is amazing take haas for example
Adam, I...
00,02dat was dumb luck
Phase4: there you go
O_O
00,02and i kinda feel sorry for that guy
00,02he's been through a lot
Winner winner!
chicken dinner
absole FTW
He sure has. Now go kill someone.
absolve*
inb4 suicide
Oh yeah, save.
Or buffer.
both works
Well, I have my very last final in an hour, so I shall depart.
Phase4: loot everything here you can get alot of creds and stuff
:D
Phase4: can we please try again
00,02i think i got lost
00,02JRP2234, no
Phase4: yes
00,02allso i need to re-arange more photocopiers
but of course Phase4
Phase4: go OCD looting here
00,02XD
00,02will do
00,02dey are talking about a gun i want
Phase4: theres a shotty in the building if you want it
Phase4: kill them and then steal it
Phase4: the weapon is in the armory
peps gun is not very useful
00,02k
00,02so they shoot you for hacking
too loud
Hello :)
WELL HELLO derp is police station xD
00,02they dont like me throwing photocopiers
Phase4: avoid hacking if they can see you
you don say ha xD
Phase4: they didnt shoot they threw computer screens at you for hacking
nobody does :\
i see you never played deus ex mes
loot their desks :D
what's the ending of halo 2
Bunny_Maid_Luna: Bunny... maid... *nervous giggle*
KILL THEM ALL
Yes he can
:D
if link can he can
cops = 0 fucks given when u go through their vents
why do i hear dogs
Guys,I drew something awesome!Wanna see? :)
cops = fuck your shit if you go to the armory
sure
Armory is easy to get into
that is if they see you :D
lasers
.....
hey Vunny_Maid_Luna hows your day been
hey Bunny_Maid_Luna hows your day been
alexxm: Good :)
dont you dare
00,02just imagine that happening
kill him
00,02like, your standing next to a vending machine
00,02and a guys like "schootch over, i want to move this"
:D
atleast he wroks next to a vending macene
kill him
oh pritcherd :)
pritchard
i know
I love the dynamic between those two
everlasting snark-to-snark battle
don't do that watch an episode of mlp
Phase4: check your wall near the entrance
what episode?
theres weapon mod there
/me 00,02has seen a lets play of this :P
Hack his own thingy seems legit
why would you need to build a clock in this game
Hai everypony :3
hack level: jensen
Jackpot
!
hey Spell-of-Gaming hows your day bene
MATH MATH MATH MATH
Place Value and Value, ugh.
but i seen both seasons already
For once, a good morning sleep.
Phase4: you need to sell all that instead
good to hear Vordox
00,02meh
Phase4: dropping it is useless you need the cash :P
/me 00,02hugs Vordox
watch my little pony on the computer
/me hugs Vordox
/me watches mlp on xbox
OBAMATART
?
Havnt been talking, but still: night everyone.
bye XAX
night XAX
MAGIC KNOME!
captan erastraz
do anypony think that there should be a milk flavor for icecream
milk?
Phase4: ah you did that better meet him
00,02oh yeah, dat guy
WHAT'S WITH ALL THE HUGS, you scare me
Phase4: he helps you a little if you let him go
Oh, it's a low hours?
Only 89
Vordox: i don't appreciate hugs unless i earn them
/me Hugs Vordox
flutterchu: I never earn anything
I do what I want, with when I want it to be wanted.
Vordox: me neither
And also, compliments doesn't work on me. it's like insults.
"You'll do fine the WHOLE day today" <-- "Worst day ever"
:P
INSULTS however inspire me
(This is a mark of having a REALLY bucking bad upbringing and childhood."
00,02shit
00,02its the thing
00,02electricity water
00,02:(
Lawl
00,02this might take a while
i always wanted to be bullyed
all the compliments to me sound like mockery
Phase4: You're plate and metal, just walk throug hit :p
what about a Compliment followed by an insult?
00,02you'd think so
ded
de
Yay L4D2 is done downloading
Woot, L4D2?
then i feel smug about the fact that i was right :)
Justaxes: "Oh you'l do juuuuust fine on the test today"
...okay...
"Wow you ACTUALLY got a G! Congrats" <---
That kind of compliments.
Phase4: i'm going to add you on steam so you can give me a yank if you are gonna play L4D2 sometime :)
...okay...
more like false hope
LOL Phase
You're going box walking with those 2? :D
you'd think a cyborg would be able to take more damage
One step at a time andd lifting it up.
SCIENCE HAS BROUGHT US SO FAR RIGHT GUUYSY?!
to cross electricity you need EMP shield
you'd think someone would have cleared this up
Am I the only person loling right now?
alexxm lazy people
This is like speed running Super Metroid XD
WHO PUTS A SWITCH IN MID HALLWAY?!
DAmn constructions builders.
:D
cold
CHOOSE
:D
aww
xD
I want to make my game a reality
I don't care how many years I have to perfect it cause it's a boring game.
:'(
Vordox whats it about
alexxm: Lolis
Nah kidding.
:(
o.o
yaay
xD
It's a Abuse Multi genre hybrid Patapon RPG Story within several arcs
double t?
sounds intreasting Vordox
alexxm: Just sounds interesting, but a boring game. :p
It's heavy into story
Somewhat like Fire Emblem, you have about 92 planned characters
is it text based?
If one dies, they are dead for good
Nah, Abuse gametype with strategic formations for Main focus
Abuse is... a sec
a crossbow?
alexxm: Nah.
A crossbow. Sometimes you got to make a silent takedown.
he tried to kill me with a crossbow
Justaxes I use melee when I need to be silent
00,02i know dat voice
BroKnee: super smash bros melee i love that game better than brawl
@BroKnee I played ghost, so didn't need any weapons.
00,02Vordox, yeah, i think he was in oblivion
and then we broke him
Man I'm frigin cold >.<
Its only 85 degrees :(
Fail Phase XD
BroKnee put a hoody on or something
Dat basketball
OH COME ON THAT'S CHEATING
LOL!
Rofl fail xD
:D
LOL!
HA
XD
You almost made a Compactor Dunk
BroKnee: lol it's quite hot here so i'm forced to being shirtless
alexxm Its being washed :p
I'm wearing a long-sleeved thermal shirt and thick wool socks :3
BroKnee: where do you live?
killerpony7733 North Carolina
"We don't take kindly to basketball players"
XD
BroKnee: is it that cold? here in denmark our weather is quite warm though today is rain but the room i'm in is so compact it builds up heat easily
why is there always that screaming noise
row row fight the powah
We're not gonna take it~
killerpony7733 I'm always the kind of guy to be in weather 100 degrees or higher
@alemmx www.stocksoundeffects.com
does the include the wilhelm scream?
dafaq did i just do
Dat DX 1 whistle
thanks Justaxes
bye guys
bye alexxm
Bye alexxm
bye
triforce
08,01good morning, lovelies
MMMMMMMMMMM Paste Macaroni and Hot dogs....
anypony see that halk for LoZ Link to the past that replaces Link wih Derpy?
Morning Satty.
good morning
08,01i had this dream last night about George Takei
08,01and juice boxes
Map : Triforce.
Oh my~
who hasnt ;)
08,01and automatic Roman word chiseling machines
Sounds like a good dream
Hello every one
I gotta admit, im pretty jelly
Jeez Phase4, you don't have to take the man's fridge
and morning Samsa
xD
fail on me
08,01not really; he was talking about gay rights, but i didn't want to include myself in what he was doing, for some reason
00,02BroKnee, i put it back
08,01so he was with this group of people, and i was segregating myself and drinking a juice box
nice
So...
08,01my dreams have become somewhat depressing these last few days
You'r esaying you're not optimistic about homosexual rights based on a front figure?
:P
juice sounds nice though
Grape
killerpony7733: Lol important.
PFFT
08,01or maybe because i talk about sex too much
What you like is what you like.
Dear roleplayers, please stop making my favorite character too in-character.
We, or anyone at all, have nothing to say about that.
08,01oh, well, i don't think that consciously
I fucking LOVE guys
I dreamt of being chased with my archnemesis and my math teacher by a giant pigeon.
08,01i swear, my brain is out ot get me
There was also a car chase
O.o
08,01Vordox: but i'm not
Pwnts
Holla every pony.
everyone hates me because im a brony and they make fun of me because i want to be an emo
I need to see the Black Rock Shooter PV
Holla
08,01you all know that i will do the soial equivalent of pulling my underwear down and striding through the street
Hello FairysHuff :)
XD
GOD NO
DON'T
JOKES ON YOU
SHE DOESN'T EVEN SHOOT BLACK ROCKS
/me 08,01gives zero fucks about what anyone thinks about his sexuality
What we talking about?
00,02what is that guy doing
Phase4 Clopping >.>
Ah sexuality. Who really cares.
Phase4: Do you REALLY want to know? XD
00,02XD
FairysHuff: douchebags do for some reason
08,01anyhoos, time for a shower and a shave
Shave?
Losing your beard?!
O.o
08,01then arriving at work about 3 - 4 hours late
I dont shave :3
08,01no, just trimming it
Phew.
Your beard IS you!
08,01i'm not defined by my facial hair!
Personally I like clean shaven.
Glasses
Long hair
08,01well
Beard
08,01that's a lie
Vordox xD Tell that to my dad He is trying to FORCE me to shave >:(
08,01my chin is defined by my facial hair
LOl BroKnee
08,01because otherwise, it wouldn't exist
Phase4 Move the boxes? :o
08,01BroKnee: how old are you?
00,02BroKnee, no :<
The noodles they make here LITERALLY tastes like metal.
Phase4 xD
08,01flutterchu: no, but i am a filthy dog
04My personal philosophy is: The longer and more defined and/or thicker your facial hair is, the more manlier you are
Who's streaming?
Spell-of-Gaming: Phase4
ORLY Ghosties ?!
Ghosties: http://fashionnetworkseattle.com/blogimages/2010/11/10beard-world-championship-the-world-s-best-beard-lrg1.png
DAT BEARD
00,02i dids it
00,02:3
Phase4: GJ
Ghosties: Good thing I don't want to be manly then.
08,01Ghosties: unfortuantely, i am going on a plane at the end of the week, so that means wearing a neckbeard is out
Phase4 Congrats :3 /)
I hate manliness
00,02BroKnee, without moving the boxes :>
04That, my good Vordox, is the very definition of 'gentleman'
Vordox I think i am getting a moustache that looks like that!
Oh?
:D
Ghosties: I can't grow decent facial hair :'(
08,01it's easier to traverse airports the less islamic i look
WeLL Then Ghosties
Phase4 Yush, and you did it the friendly way, ye let him live ^-^
04Like a fucking sir
WHAT DOES THIS tell you about this man!?
http://www.heratix.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/what-beard-world-championship-the-world-s-best-lrg.png
FairysHuff: the stereotype of manliness is stupid, I am kinda possess feminine traits but overall am a masculine person
04He is creative and handles his free time well
And from somewhere below germany
did you know that in 18th century russia men were forced to shave their beards.
08,01which is funny, because my heritage lies in an area of india that is hindu, not muslim
killerpony773 I'm just really feminine, and proud of it ^-^
killerpony7733: I've wanted to have a female body since I was 8 years old. Hence my hatred of manliness
08,01Vordox: when i came back from Germany, I learned 2 things
BroKnee: hehe thats nice you are who you are :P
who's best pony
04Dear Hideo Kojima: Keep making Japan an awesome place.
killerpony773 Thank you ^-^
Ghosties: http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_kucrs7byid1qa7ka2o1_250.jpg <--- This beard then? :P
08,011) having a full-on beard does not bode well in an airport; 2) border control officers have absolutely no sense of humour
Same, FairysHuff! (Only because they have b'o'o'b's...)
FairysHuff: understandable, I accept my body as it is :D
I literally screamed when I some.
08,01or rather, 1) havin ga full-on beard does not bode well in an airport when you're brown
Spell-of-Gaming: Fluttershy is an honorary japanese :)
I loath my body. To me my body is just a bag of meat and bone that houses my mind. My body is not who I am.
08,01Vordox: neither, this was in the UK
NOONE ELSE WATCH it..
BroKnee: i don't understand the context of what you said atleast
And now I get kicked
Forgot we had a stream >< Sorry Phase4
killerpony7733 Departing from usual or accepted standards, esp. in social or sexual behavior.
00,02i sware that guy is kermit
:3
04FairysHuff, what you need is Dr. Steinman and his scalpel
08,01there i was, walking along, minding my own business, when i get approached by a big, burly border guard, who asked me "how long are you planning on staying in this country, sir?"
Can one mod please kick me?
<3 Thank you, I should not go unpunished. ><
Ghosties: Sadly I realised my desire too late in life. If I had surgery now I'd come out looking like a hideous cross between male and female. Rather than the cute girly I am.
08,01to which i replied, in a fake indian accent: "as long as I possibly can"
08,01which, technically, was an entirely accurate statement
BroKnee: ah stereotype but you mean you brake the typical mold, Yeah honestly i'm in that place too i have long hair a somewhat masculine face though some slight feminine traits there and a somewhat masculine though some feminine traits in it too :D
04Huff, are you anatomically male or female?
08,01Vordox: not paranoid, just racist
BroKnee: last part was about my body
should have gone all pinky on him : FOREEEEVEEEEEER
Ghosties: Physically male, mentally female.
08,01so i got pulled away and questioned for 2 hours
04Gotcha
ill be on eqd
08,01so yeah, there's a time and a place for flippancy
killerpony Nah I just have extremely feminine traits all around, long hair, feminine hand, feminine figure, and for the most part I like just about anything girls do, but I'm sill pretty manly personality wise
08,01and it turns out that at an airport is neither of these
BroKnee: Can we swap bodies?
BroKnee: yeah thats you as a person pretty much :)
The suicide bomber answer would have been , for the rest of my life ^^
FairysHuff Nope :3 I love it to much
BroKnee: Poopy head ^_^
08,01i mean, this guy literally chased after me, and this was before i'd opened my mouth. he saw me walking along, and came running up to me
08,01random checks, my fat brown arse
FairysHuff I don't have the typical roughness that an average male's body would
08,01anyhoos, this is turning into a rant
BroKnee: btw when typing someones username try typing half of it and tab it will usually find it quickly
BroKnee: Lucky
00,02dats enough for today
/me 08,01shakes his fat brown arse
Phase4: was fun watching :P
killerpony7733: Thanky you so much xD
Phase4: You eventually find that ladder btw?
08,01Vordox: i did not
00,02FairysHuff, nope
08,01pm it to me
BroKnee: There you go
killerpony7733: way faster
00,02talked my wai through
BroKnee: yep alot
killerpony7733: xD
Phase4: That is a better way to do it
That video make me question myself.
FairysHuff: I know :3
Of course I*m still straight, but even I got to admit, that's ONE heck of a...
Well you know
00,02i'ma go have dinner, if no one else starts i'll stream again
Vordox: What video? O.o
08,01Vordox: MY GOD THAT WAS SEXY
I TOLD YOU
And he's a BLOODY GU
04Phase goes to have dinner and it's 7:25 AM here
GU
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUus_-DEpTA <--- The current video we're talking about
BE CAREFUL!
Just an interesting point on sexuality by social definition. In old Japan during the height of Samurai influence. It was seen as the done thing for two warriors to engage in sex. Women were viewed as a lesser gender.
Vordox: O.o Your right thats one hell of a desk
08,01seeing as no-one's streaming: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUus_-DEpTA
I found it randomly, as I'm a Conan fan, but I found that video DAMN hilarious ad
Hahaha
08,01anyhoos, to teh shower FOR REALSIES now
god conan is badass
08,01god, i'm late for work...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKeMCXKSk5c&list=LLF3LwqsQRLTKSTQi5qtqpHg&feature=mh_lolz
Like the last 15 minutes :P
Had to do it
I wonder how many women fainted watching that
Men too :P
"It's Big Mac here for a few minutes to say hi before he sleeps the day away" how is everyone?
Vordox: I stick with my point, thats one hell of a desk
BroKnee: XD
08,01BroKnee x Conan's desk
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmKj7vt4xRY
LIVE AND LEARN
YEAHA
flutterchu: <3 Live and Learn..
OH HAI GUYS I HEARD YOU ALL LIKED DAFT PUNK
HAVE FUN http://www.najle.com/idaft/idaft/
flutterchu: i like it so far
ooOOOHH LOOKS LIKE HE CAME BACK FOR MORRREEE YEAHAAHA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gPBmDptqlQ&feature=relmfu
Vordox: don't worry it haz ponies
o,o
FairysHuff: And it sucks :p I hate being made fun of for being bi-sexual and I got jumped once for it and If my friend Alik hadn't shown up I may not be here today
FairysHuff: more or less that, I love how much every religion twist their religion to outlaw alot of things in the bible it was never said a man and a man together was wrong.
BroKnee: Thats social mindwashing. Shame is people just accept what their told is the way things hsould be. Rather than form their own opinions.
08,01http://i.imgur.com/14EG4.jpg
08,01seeing as no-one's streaming: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUus_-DEpTAet
08,01whoops
FairysHuff: I still don't understand it, be how you wana be, dont let anyone change that
08,01because i'm totally not in the shower yet
dem xbox controls
FairysHuff: It's sits in most peoples nature to wanting to be ordered what to do and how to live
BroKnee: I wish I could. Sadly I am limited because of my body. But aside from that I act and am the way I want to be. I learned a long time ago that acting the way others expect will just make you miserable.
killerpony7733: Sadly true
FairysHuff: Yea, and thats why I'm saving up for the day I tell my dad I'm bi :p
FairysHuff: exactly i act as me and only me no one gets to shape me, despite that fact i can't be part of most social groups i still prefer myself over others shaping me
FairysHuff: He is extremely homophobic :(
BroKnee: Wait till your financially independant. That way you don't have to worry about becoming homeless if it happens.
Xbox where?
Vordox: there's a more epic version wanna see that
BroKnee: Are you single ^_~
and what is this about a
flutterchu: Sure
rainbowdash xbox controller??
FairysHuff: Yea, but thats not what bothers me :P Its the fact that I've just wanted to be honest with him for a long time now and its eating me from the inside out Dx
FairysHuff: Yes, yes I am ^-^
Vordox: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeRglyFEc3I&feature=channel&list=UL
BroKnee: Hey there *Flutters eyes at him* ^_^
Phase4: where can i throw my money to get the rainbowdash controller?
08,01i don't think anyone's ever made fun of me for being bisexual in a meaningful way
i want that Luna xbox
/me Blushes "Ohhh, you"
BroKnee: hehe ^_^ I would be serious if we weren't on opposite sides of the world no doubt ^_^
04<FairysHuff> BroKnee: Hey there *Flutters eyes at him* ^_^ <-- Whoa whoa whoa, there will be no sexy time in my chat. Get a room, or a virtual space where you can participate in said sexy time
08,01because scotland is a wonderful place to live, i don't give no fucks, i'm a tiny bit intimidating when i have a beard, and if i'm offended i can give back double what i get
Ghosties: We are just joking around ^_^
04I figure as much, still, gotta let the rules be known somehow
flutterchu: You're way too late :P
FairysHuff: xD I try not to date anymore,my rib cage can't take anymore beating from homophobics :p
08,01cow334: no idea
Ghosties: Fairy fluff.
04WHO YOU CALLING FAIRY FLUFF >:O
BroKnee: Your in the US right?
or ala danmmit LAWL
04DON'T START NO STUFF
08,01BroKnee: come live in scotland
FairysHuff: Yeperz
Ghosties: My way of saying fair enough
OOOHH SNAAAAP IT ABOUT TO GO DOWN
08,01let's start a polyamorous, bisexual colony
/me facepalms
04Huff, how old are you?
??
Polyamorous I'm kinda against
08,01we can all be self-sustaining hippies
BroKnee: Then nothing to worry about between us then ^_^ A few thousand miles sort of fixes that. LOL
08,01it'll be greeeaaat
Lawl
wait
FairysHuff: xD true dat L:3
....
Ghosties: I will be 32 in a month
Hey guys, you like Strippers? http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&NR=1&v=x9WGHGF3D7o <---
04Old man
04Old ass man
PS: ONLY CONAN FANS understand this
04Being all old and shit
I'M 2 AND WAT IS THIS
00,02Vordox, and people not in australia
Phase4: Why not?
00,02Vordox, dat video is blocked in aus
08,01BroKnee: i guess i'm kinda lucky in that respect. i only fully realised my sexuality when i was 17. before that, people would see me as kinda odd, but when i realised that a lot of this "oddness" made sense. i mean, people still found me odd after that, but i could wear my oddness with pride
Phase4: ?! WHAT?!
lolz
0424 is the new...24
Ghosties: As I said before. I am not my body. It's just a bag of meat and bone to me ^_^ My mind is who I am
I'm 1 and what is this
08,01Ghosties: bitch, please, 25 is where it's at
04And how old are you in your mind, would you say?
FairysHuff:
...
27 is the new 27
Ghosties: 12 ^_^
THAT'S where life is
27 is a PRIME number
WAAAOOWWW
08,01Ghosties: pfft, not even quarter of a centuary old
BEAT DAT!
04>:I
IM 0 and what is teh internet
25 is by 5, 24 is by 4..
NOTHING is 27!
bitch please, 24 is OLD
22 is where its at
04Well you're not even human, you're a planet. So there!
Chrysalis: 22 is by 11
well I'm fourteen
08,0124 is divisible by many numbers
SURPRISE! is the new Buttsex
Everypony knows that 44 is best age, just ask DustyKatt
so that is the shats right there
I'm waiting for the day I can have a full body cybernetic replacement to change my gender ^_^
00,025 hours left on the deus ex collection
Thankyou Ghost in the Shell for that idea
08,01oh god, i really need to go shower now
Phase4: already have all of them :)
/me 08,01closes reddit
04I used to be as young as you, Chrysalis. They were dark days...
yeah, unemployed and no money
08,0122 was not a good year for me
stuck living with parents
00,02killerpony7733, fun fact: when you have a game thats part of a collection, its converted to a gift
08,01i was living on the streets, homeless
08,01or was that 21?
I mentally never grew up and you know what? I like it. Fuck society
08,01i forget
Phase4: i had the games before the sale
you can buy the stuff seperately too
04Yeah! Down with norms! Fuck standards!
Vordox: so whated you think
/me tosses a molotov into chat
Ghosties: Too right
08,01cow334: don't worry, it wasn't your fault
flutterchu: About which?
08,01http://i.imgur.com/yIPz6.jpg
Vordox: both
00,02i'ma play on an aus server
08,01ANYHOOS, YES, SHOWER
flutterchu: Alread seent hem, LONG ago
MOVE DAT ARSE
/me 08,01sucks at this whole "getting shit done" thing
hmm, anyone else find themselves dissapointed with how short Quantum Conundrum was?
those are horrible glasses
/me 08,01moves dat arse
Too much arse for us to handle
LAWL at HL2...in TF2
I'l brb guys :p
00,02hmmm
00,02Vordox, it runs on the source engine
00,02so hl2.exe
Phase4: I pity Valve :P
"I PITY THE VALVE!!! YEH!"
Vordox: halflife to supported teamfortress two like it was on the same game
00,02i think portal's engine is allso called hl2.exe
Mr-T get out the chat >_<
all valve stuff is HL2 engine right now
like XBOX it had half life to but on it there was portal and team fortress2
Well I am going to watch more TGS podcast then go return my library books. Maybe food shop.
DeadpoolDash you mean the Source engine
Phase4: yes it is
yes
i think
hl2.exe
00,02suddenly defending
erecting a sentry
erectin a river
Phase4 add me on steam when you get time, MasterBoss43.
I'm back ^-^
well that was brutal
So I just came back from my last final. Vacation at last.
Kammerjunk: You mean th final final?
Eeyup.
Kammerjunk: what were you up in?
Ugh. I hate you Level Up.
It was just verbal English.
Kammerjunk: nice what did you get?
YOU JUST FUCKING FAILED TO BRING THE GAMER IN ME.
A+, obviously.
Kammerjunk: I know what danish system so thats a 12?
Kammerjunk: the*
Spell-of-Gaming: YOu mean the show?
Yeah, 12.
Yup, Sx963
damn server is full
00,02allmost held
Kammerjunk: got the same at friday when i had my oral/verbal english /)
Honestly, the concept itself is useless.
Lol.
Spell-of-Gaming: but of course, the show's terrible D:
killerpony7733: (\
Kammerjunk: i litterally just had one heck of a adrenaline rush from knowing i got 12 in english
That feel.
Also, WHY THE FUCK IS MADTV NOT MAKING FUN OF IT YET?
Anyone wanna play portal2 or some other game with me? Add me on steam : masterboss43 (Only mods and admins.)
same broadcasting company?
Kammerjunk: funniest yet i had choosen MLP FIM to talk about
*clears throat* gentlemen
00,02dat demoman is my mortal enemy
lol
A show on Cartoon Network that makes fun of EVERYTHING.
Phase4: it gave you alot of stuff man nice
Kammerjunk: my main topic was entertainment then went down to cartoons then i used MLP FIM as a example
where is this server located, it has huge latency for me(over 300)
MADtv even made far to make fun of Scott Pilgrim.
i never knew engineer had a robot arm
Spell-of-Gaming: really? I've never seen MadTV make fun of the libyan revolution :)
flutterchu: He doesn't. That's the Gunslinger.
i everyone :)
Hi, Lil_B.
sup
00,02:<
flutterchu Gunslinger since summer 2010
00,02DEEMOOMAN
00,02i cannot defend against that guy
:D
battle engi is me
If Phase writes in chat, you know something's about to go down on stream.
Kammerjunk: oh thank goodness i can be depressed agian *relaxes*
I love that little gun
Has Mad TV made fun of Obama?
flutterchu: Wait, what.
wait, isn "The Blutsauger" really the english name for that Medic weapon?
Kandarihu: Yup, I think.
Lil_B: yes
SEEMS LEGIT.
killerpony7733 strange :/ but why didn't they just called it "Bloodsucker" than? Its not like is has some deep meaning in german XD
Spell-of-Gaming: I'm looking at Level Up right now.
04Mad TV ended a long time ago, though
Doesn't look like proper gaming.
04Oh, you mean the cartoon?
yeah
04The actual sketch comedy show ended mid-'00s I think
08,01and shower'd
I remember that show. With Homey the Clown
MAD still creeps me out with their mascot.
08,01i sparkle and shine now
Ghosties: exactly, and that show aws AMAZING.
/me 08,01was singing winter wrap up in the shower, in an indian accent
lol
OH GOD THAT DAMN MASCOT
like a boss
Well, baii everypony, i need some rest. I will come back later!
IT'S AMAZINGLY CREEPY AS HELL
good day MasterBoss43
I still have some MAD Magazines from the early 80's from my DAD XD they are all 10 years older than me XD
bye MasterBoss43
well im off to bed night everypony :)
Sweet dreams.
That Scout there was totally a Spy.
Kammerjunk yes, he was kinda slow
I'm looking for good books. Can anyone suggest?
what kind of books?
Spell-of-Gaming: The Fault in our Stars, John Green
you egghead
A song of ice and fire , the game of thrones books
I CAN'T STAND LIVING WITHOUT BOOKS.
damnit TF2 crashed on me
Dragon Lance is pretty good, too.
Septimus Heap.
Kammerjunk: i remember reading that when i was younger, F***ing amazing.
I never read, maby eonly one sience or history book a year XD
Sx963: Septimus Heap?
How old is that series, anyway?
eeyup
watching this makes me feel sad :(
dunno, early 2000s?
Sounds about right.
hold on ill check the copyright on flyte
Spell-of-Gaming: Tell me about it. I have more books than I want to count, and guess what?
NOT ENOUGH BOOKS.
Kammerjunk: the second book in the series was 2006 :D
Oh, we took the OLSAT on school this morning.
Spell-of-Gaming: OLSAT?
MY MIND WAS BOGGLING WITH THE PATTERNS.
Sx963: Yeah, apparently the first one was published on September 23, 2005.
goodmorning everypony :)
Otis-Lennon School Assessment Test, I think.
Mornin'.
Spell-of-Gaming: Whatdya do in that test?
really? I thought it was older, must've just came out when i read it
Yeah, so did I.
Kammerjunk: It was about English and Math.
Ah. Sounds like my kind of test.
It wasn't that bad, actually.
algebra is more fun
But there were patterns.
Algebra is REALLY fun.
Erryday I'm bufferin'.
not just me lol
Wait, this is an Australian server?
00,02epic lag
alright ima go take a shower and sing winter wrap up in an italian accent
00,02are you guys getting buffers?
brb
I just recognised the name "Deadpool Dash".
Phase4: Yes.
00,02Kammerjunk, yeah
I will never sing Winter Wrap Up in the shower.
I'll just be humming it for the next few weeks.
00,02i'ma try the pony server
Oh hey, XKCD. I forgot to read that today.
What happened to my ping as well, Phase...
00,02Vordox, might have been the server
night all
Maybe
Night, Shane.
00,02then again, you were on an aus server
Or there would be a connection between this stream, and you ad me
night Phase4
00,02night Alicorn_Prince_Shane
YayPhase pony
Hey there
^_^
LOL, I just came back from looking through these new pictures XD
I got all my custom ponies up now. <3
I faved the Steampunk one
Vordox where?
That is a good Spitfire.
Lil_B: On my screen XD
Kammerjunk there is an "alternate" on the artists DA account XD
Vordox I thought uploaded somewhere XD
oh
my
Lil_B: They are.
But I'm not giving it away
Vordox aww :(
Only those who "own" the char can have them
00,02RAGE
00,02stupid ping
00,02one sec
I love my Phase attempt. =3
Or Phase sprite, one of the good ones I made
Dat rocket. =3
ANYONE KNOW HOW TO FIX LAG IN TF2 MINE IS REALLY PISSING ME OFF!!!..............srry bout raging :(
rdibp: Move to the core of a server.
i speaky no computer
WHIL ENO STREAM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CH2psyNuos&feature=related
00,02had to kick people off my network
Phase4: Kick people, why?
00,02they were using too much bandwidth
You can...do that?
Do you own the connection?
00,02stream workign?
Yes
damn, still 8 parts to download :(
SSBB has more unique music than any other game ever had, its 14 DISCs worth of music when you rip everything, Batman Arkum City had enough tom fill 11 :)
I'm sorry that i killed you chat :(
back, what are we talking about? :D
Lil_B: no you arent
damn emoticons...
killerpony7733 yes I am :(
Lil_B: But you didn't kill it silly filly :D
killerpony7733 oh, THATS what you ment XD... I tend to to be stupid at times, especially when i feel guilty :D
Lil_B: we all are silly fillies at times :$'
00,02i was rarity :3
04And I was Spike
/me has no idea what's being talked about
wtf is this can anyone tell me? :D
yeah..
hallo Ghosties.
04Hello again
Ghosties he was Rarity in TF2 Xd
XD*
gotta love Hoodoo :D
Hello!
hi Ethereal
hello
WallDives! :$
yes MadSurge?
Hi :D
hallo.
hi WallDives and MadSurge :)
hello Lil_B.
hey hai hello :) :D
Hi Lil_B! What's up?
Ghosties do u hate me?
GO AJ :D
MadSurge its the last week of school, the final marks are given and yet one teacher Still tryes to funnel as much Stuff as possible in our brains!
*sings along to 5 o'clock world* :) Good morning everyone
Lil_B: what class?
Cypresswolf: afternoon from where i live :D
Lil_B: :T teachers.
Hello Cypresswolf
good morning Cypresswolf :)
killerpony7733: already about 5 there? Have a drink for me
Hey all.
Cypresswolf: it's 2:39 ish PM
04Yes, JRP, I hate you
User0 Physics, we made an experiment how the lenght and the thickness of a wire releates to the electrical resistance
LIVE AND LEARN
YEAHAA
So it's coming down in buckets here. I may just have to walk outside to take a shower.
Lil_B: That's kinda snazzy
04I'm kidding, JRP. What's up?
00,02dast enough tf
00,02tf2'
aw D:
awww
00,02um...
does this mean I have to do work now? (I'm at work...)
hey streamer, show us some MLP! :D
:(
kempa: we see too much of it here
kempa, there's a time and a place XD
someone failed to realize that this is BRONYstate, not PONY state...
Phase4: Some L4D? :P
I gotta go around and check everyone's tools - :| Really shouldn't have to do this, construction workers should have tools already - it's a major part of the profession for pete's sake
Lil_B: Lower NY
kempa 1# rule of Bronystae... do not talk about Ponys
Phase4: could go for L4D2 tbh :P
00,02yeah, but i dont realy want to
nvm then
Phase4: fair enough
04BronyState emphasizes a heavy policy on the Brony aspect of the community, instead of strictly ponies. What this means is that this site is primarily dedicated to the fan, so outlets like movies, games, discussions, art, etc. is focused on you guys: the Bronies. While we are known to be the number 1 streaming service for FiM episodes, we offer much more than just ponies.
00,02^
Randomnerd ok XD so there is no realation than, I'm in germany
00,02like dis
Ghosties why do i have to have one proplem after another
I hate spies
who doesn't.?
04I don't know how to answer that, JRP
Bye every one
Imagine a site that runs ponies 24/7 it would get old as heck in less then a few days
you should
i have to go
bye cow334
04I should know how?
BAI BAI
04Have a good one, cow
Yay, I can continue to goof off!
I'd have gotten bored of this fandom quick if all the stream showed was ponies - ponies are nice but that alone doesn't make the world go around
thanks Ghosties
this problem refers to you Ghosties
04Sure thing
04How does this problem refer to me, JRP
dont worry
You know..
Coming into someone domain to DEMAND being entertained...
It's like you walk into a strangers house and ask for food.
Would you do that?
Phase4 your stream is out of sync by at lest 2 mins
WHAT IS THIS O.o
00,02huh, i cant resize the window
00,02JRP2234, ah
04Well, for one thing, you ask for food you don't demand it if you really needed it
afk, trying to do some more musics :)
00,02dat should fix it
musics*
04Secondly, JRP, what problem are you talking about. If it involves me I'd like to know what it's about.
yes
and dont worry about it
anyways i need to sleep
Holy CRAP a science game O.o
for science!
04So it refers to me and you won't even tell me
04...the hell was that all about?
Ghosties: apparently so...
04You know, if nobody communicates their problems then nothing gets better...
Ghosties: ZA WARUDO
04That doesn't mean you should lay all your problems on someone, that's just too much. But if someone has a problem about something and it directly involves someone else, then you should tell that someone else your problem
/me smashes
jrp isnt here anymore Ghosties
d3rb: he knows, he's just saying
Ghosties: The world doesn't work like that
oh....okie dokie :)
but i agree 100%
words of wisdom with Ghosties
04User0's right, but my point still stands
04And Vordox that's why there's so many problems as it is
Ghosties: I know.
04Nobody wants to voice what's wrong
quit being so damn modest, people...
04Problem, WallDives?
Wait
What game is this so i cna pirate it
not with you.
Ghosties: I'll gladly critic anything
No one knows the voice?
alright have a fine day everypony
Dis analytical eye I haz. ish good
Is that John de Lancie?
see ya :3
It looks like portal, with discord as Cave Jhonson
Welsh_Pony: yes
Welsh_Pony: it indeed is
HIYA everypony
Hello Bronysith
g'day Bronysith
Thought so...What is this game, just started watching the stream
hello Bronysith.
:D I like that chapter name - Out safes will blot out the sun
Yeah, what game is this?
^this
00,02is the stream working right?
uhoh, is somepony killing astronauts again?
Phase4: yes
Yes
Phase4: good to go
00,02Ingwaz, no, but thats not a bad idea
Phase4: i just see your oc and that say sto me it might be astronaut killing time
Phase4: what are you playing?
Game name please
what game is this
COFFEE
oh, its quantum conundrum
i think
Dat quote
00,02Ingwaz, it is
Damn you, John DeLancie!
killerpony7733: best quote
its not astonaut killing, its strength testing.....FOR SCIENCE
00,02allso discord narates it
Phase4: tada
User0: so obvious he said it in MLP FIM season 2
Phase4: wait? seriously? he does?
Ingwaz: listen
00,02dis is goign to be fiddly
killerpony7733: I know...
It's Q.
....i want this game now
lol
john de lancie does have a sexy voice
^this
dat fail
Like a pansexual bunny rabbit..
pandimensional...not pansexual
I know.
I was only messing around
Phase4: is john de lancie supposed to be your uncle or w/e in this game?
Death Star?
00,02Ingwaz, yest
Phase4: i want this game now...
you know you might be procastrinating when you have read 4 pages of material in six hours...
00,02:3
Nnnnnn
Alchemist: I'm at work... as in sitting in a cube and blatently goofing off
04WHAT I LEARNED IN BOATING SCHOOL IS...., Alchemist?
04Procrastination at its finest
Bees
oh god...when its slowed down i hear a high frequency sound
Dat ghosties
That drinking bird gives me a neat idea :)
and my chat crashed
John de Lancie played someone in the most recent series of Torchwood. This is how I know of the guy. :3
Cypresswolf: turn this game into a drinking game?
Why does my dreams shatter
:D Berry Punch Drinking Pony
Why does everything reject me
DISCORD. that's how I know John de Lancie
/me bursts into flames
User0: i should do that due to the fact i'm really good at closing my browser
who rejects you [iPad]JRP2234 ?
04JRP...what are you talking about?
Everything
I'm getting a Portal Vibe.
we don't, do we?
Anyone else feeling that?
04And what is everything, JRP?
wonder how I'd go about that...carve from wood maybe....
somepony needs to make an all out high quality dovahkiin fluttershy pic
No further questions
^What Midnight_Tempest said
Dat timing
someone from portal had something to do with this game Randomnerd...i i recall correctly
00,02they need to polish this a bit
Well done, Captain! You must be the Pride of Ponyville!
Night ponies
Bye, [iPad]JRP2234
[iPad]JRP2234: cmon man, why bring up something if you don't wanna talk about it, this isn't facebook
Gnight
d3rb: that is, sadly, so true...
This mansion makes quite a statment :)
and that statement is -
This sounds so much like Q.
i cant stand when people on fb do that. Person A. :( person b. whats up? person a: I dont wanna talk about it.....FUUUU
it is Kammerjunk
Phase4: so, curious, enjoying the game so far?
Oh wow.
Cypresswolf: This statement is false
I have so much money I can't possibly spend it all
Kammerjunk: Yep i knew as soon as i heard
Seriously, his voice is so sexy.
d3rb: a word to the wise, never play the pony drinking game with lesson zero
00,02Ingwaz, its the same brand of liquid happy that makes portal soo good
Phase4: but do they execute it properly?
Kammerjunk: one could continue listening to his voice everyday
lol how did you go the next morning Ingwaz :D
killerpony7733: That one could.
last i remember it was 9 shots in a very short time
Kammerjunk: hehe :D
00,02Ingwaz, i'd say so, its not 'as' polished as portal, but portal was from valve
04<d3rb> [iPad]JRP2234: cmon man, why bring up something if you don't wanna talk about it, this isn't facebook <-- I'm beginning to believe he does it for attention. If something is really bad enough, however, it should talk to someone and fast.
04*he should talk
00,02so the gameplay is a smidge more dificult than it should be, but its otherwise perfect so far
d3rb: i didnt even make it to next morning, i was horribly horribly sick at around 3am and stayed that way pretty much all day. i think its possible it was compounded by food poisoning
yes, no one wants anyone to do anything drastic
Ghosties: yeah, probably
Ingwaz: lol oh man that sucks
No not attentiom
Ghosties: This si turning into Facebook fast. Hopefully the duckfaces won't show up.
*is
we are trying to help you [iPad]JRP2234 if you are having problems
Sothing bad is happening
d3rb: i suspect consuming a decent amount of alcohol in such a short time did not help things at all
And goodnight
00,02yeah
no Ingwaz i doubt that helped at all :D better luck next time, pace it out
00,02something portal could do
00,02that this game cannot
00,02is get you out of traps
[iPad]JRP2234: goodnight
00,02i'm stuck in this room with no way to proceed other than death
Sounds fun.
d3rb: i dont think i'll drink that heavily again, i'm not much of a drinker really, just wanted to see how it would affect me more or less
00,02portal was designed to detect this and usualy drop a cube to get you out, or open a portal
But in this game you're on your own?
Phase4: i never really had that sort of thing happen in portal
I better skedaddle on out of here - :) how many times have you heard someone say that :P
doesnt mean its a bad design... you just have to think your way through it better Phase4
Phase4: I got stuck once in the original Portal
00,02Ingwaz, its designed to not happen
Cypresswolf: a lot, my last roommate...
00,02Midnight_Tempest, but when someone fails, or what happend then where the box glitched out of my grip
well you really went head first into that, 9 shots in that amount of time, even a moderate to heavy drinker would think twice about that......before drinking them anyway :D
Phase4: indeed, usually the puzzles had a way for you to get our unless of course you just went looking for an inescapable box
00,02Midnight_Tempest, its anoying, but not fatal. but detecting it allso creates another chalenge
00,02finding traps was a thing in portal
Phase4: its a new game... give it time and several of those problems will be solved in patches...
d3rb: yeah...i got a little cocky since last time i did 5-6 in an hour and was fine afterwards, thought 3 more wouldnt be that big of a deal
00,02Midnight_Tempest, it was released only a few days ago, these problems are minor
00,02its otherwise a gem
Phase4: worth the $15 price tag then?
or the $20 for season pass?
i would say just buy the game and make up your own mind... if it looks interesting, get it
if its even remotely as cool as portal im getting it
suddenly got very quiet...
d3rb: i think its supposed to have a lot more variety than portal, with things you can do i mean
then i'm sold, i'll get it sometime
im gay for john d lancies voice
the only problem i have with games like Portal 2 is there isnt any replay value after finishing it... i honestly never touched Portal 2 until about a year after i played it, and that was to play with Shizuka online...
I'm gay for John Barrowman.
:3
Going to take a shower i'll be back in a bit everypony
that name sounds familiar... Jack Harkness?
Yup, Midnight_Tempest
and spitfire, braeburn
and me too Bronysith. Well, the first two anyway. :3
Ethereal: thought as much... Torchwood... saw him in Doctor Who first though
Ethereal: have you seen gurren lagann? i am super gay for kamina and grown up simon
No I haven't, Bronysith.
watch it sometime
I also have a crush on Eve Myles. :3
morning, everypony! :) How are we all today?
ohai Sylandest
Sylandest: we are talking about who we are gay for lol
Morning? lol its 11 at night in Aus
good Sylandest, how are you?
Everypony's gay for Braeburn
/me hugs twilight_sprinkle, Bronysith, and d3rb
tis 9:16 for me here at work...
Bronysith: and how did this come about? :D
i dont even know who braeburn is'
String_Shredder: and tennant
Sylandest: i said i was gay for john d lancies voice
twilight_sprinkle: :O
Bronysith: especially dari
lay off the gay shit... its too early in the morning for it and im easily pissed off right now...
Bronysith: completely understandable XD
spitfire and braeburn of course
!!
<3 De Lancie's voice
Bronysith: I dont know how i would approach that question, lol. ive never put thought to it :$
ok, thats creepy
wat the fuck is taht
looks more like scp 178 than a lab assistant
04Midnight_Tempest, why do I feel like I've seen you before? Like on Ponychan? Do you go there?
/me glomps Ghosties
howdy, Ghosties!
Ghosties: uh... no i dont think so
04Hello once more
04And okay, thanks for the reply Tempest
what is this game
dat feel when a stupid computer problem fixes itself for no reason :)
twilight_sprinkle: quantum conundrum
reh
d3rb: that always worries me more...
Bronysith: is it like a first person puzzle solver?
:D
I love this game already
inb4 d3rb is 'upgraded' by his computer
twilight_sprinkle: looks that way trolololo. made by someone who worked on the masterpiece that is portal
wait....ok kinda mostly fixed...good enough
Bronysith: cool, thanks
oh that would be so sweet Midnight_Tempest
i welcome my computer overlords with open robot arms
d3rb: no it wouldnt... you would be a cyberman and i would have to get the doctor to kill you in some silly way
Emphasis on "sily"
00,02these are starting to make me think
open....robot...arms, bring on the multitasking brain
Phase4: thats a good thing...right?
Phase4: ya think?
/me glomps Phase4 into the portal gun
00,02Sylandest, its an excelent thing
Phase4: :D
00,02earlier levels were easy, these are thinkers
00,02or i'm just tired
00,02either way
the game better make you think or it wasnt made right
Midnight_Tempest: yup
/me tengen toppa gurren laglomps Midnight_Tempest through the heavens
/me nuzzles Scoot-Scootaloo.
Scoot-Scootaloo: you here?
00,03Mornin' y'all~
/me super glomps Scoot-Scootaloo back to atlanta for dragoncon
morning, Scoot-Scootaloo!
mmm... chicken...
/me gives Midnight_Tempest chicken
g'day Scoot-Scootaloo
00,03Defnitely maybe, Bronysith~
00,03:)
Scoot-Scootaloo: still better than no
/me deep fires Midnight_Tempest
fries*
/me smells delicious now
/me sprinkles hot sauce on Midnight_Tempest
Midnight_Tempest: om nom nom?
:D De Lancie's voice is funny all time
/me explodes, becoming inedible
MadSurge: he's fantastic XD
Midnight_Tempest: nuuuuuu
/me rolls Midnight_Tempest into a burrito and noms him
i am so gay for the gurren lagann OST
nope!
yeah gurren lagann is great... but the music was kinda bleh to me... now i sleep...
my friends band whom is playing at dragoncon. are thinking about playing that song
damn it hes gone
night, midni-awwww
i hate it when someone leaves before you say byw
ikr
d3rb: indeed
look up the g files minecraft
i got the top comment on it
de Lancie is best troll vs young people
dat slow motion pew pew
User0: its john de lancie is BEST troll
like ever
Bronysith: very true
ded
Ded
that thing still creeps me out
1 man football team!
touchdown!
/me 00,02hugs Scoot-Scootaloo
time for bed, take it easy everypony
night, d3rb!
Bye d3rb!!
Night d3rb
'night d3rb.
and hey there everypony! :)
/me hugs Phase4 ^_^
morning, RaveBrony!
hi RaveBrony , bye RaveBrony!
:D
/me hugs everypony
Is it safe to ride? I dunno, but will it blend?
MadSurge: im gonna say yes :D
00,02MadSurge, o u
MadSurge: seeing this place so far, prob...
Lol :D
Cutie Mark Crusaders Table Surfers!
User0: yaaaay
This game seems nice :)
If only real life...
Sweet monkey jesus it's hot outside. *Is sweating*
howdy, FairysHuff!
Sylandest: Hola
Is this Quantum Conundrum?
FairysHuff: how are you today? :)
FairysHuff: how hot is it?
SuperGotenks1989: aye
hallo FairysHuff.
oh hai WallDives!
Holy shit, yes!
Hola WallDives
hello Syl.
:)
Sylandest: Very very sweaty ^_^ heh
table surfing cutie mark aquired!
FairysHuff: so i gathered, lol. prolly should stay inside to stay cool
Ingwaz: It's 17 degrees C outside. No wind and alot of cloud cover trapping the heat.
Slow Time and Fluffy, correct?
FairysHuff: lol, only 17C?
Sylandest: Had to return library books and food shop
Ingwaz: I die over 15
FairysHuff: where do you live?
FairysHuff: ooooh, true. necessary things
Ingwaz: Scotland.
I have my desk fan on full sitting right next to me ^_^ I'm that hot
FairysHuff: guess temperatures must be much milder there. here during the summer 17C would be seen as very very unusual. our normal temp in the summer ranges from 26-36C
FairysHuff: you now must mimic filly fluttershy saying yay into the fan. do it. do eeet
Ingwaz: I would be hospitalised if it was that hot here O_o
hehe ^_^ I did it
HOLY FUCK DISCORD VOICE
SuperGotenks1989: john de lancie ftw
00,02SuperGotenks1989, IKR
/me gives Phase4 a portal gun
SuperGotenks1989: ~
00,02Bronysith, that would break this game horribly
/me gives Phase4 a muffin
@FairysHuff It's 14 C here.
Hi guys :)
/me 00,02noms on the muffin
howdy, MegaMoonShine!
Phase4: guess what
SuperGotenks1989: How I wish it was that here. ~_~ *Melts into a puddle*
MegaMoonShine: Hola
/me super glomps FairysHuff
00,02Bronysith, what?
Phase4: the muffin was filled with novacaine
@Fairy Well, you would have to travel a long way. I live in Blackburn, Lancashire, England.
00,02D:
Bronysith: *Super spinning fairy loves hyper glomps* ^_^
00,02wait
your mouth is going to go extremely numb Phase4
00,02i think i have an immunity to that
:O
Sad news story is sad. ~_~
God DAMNIT
FairysHuff: awwww...damn
FairysHuff: :'(
Sylandest: Yeh... I is sad. ~__~
We can all has a sad...
/me cuddles FairysHuff in consolation
FairysHuff: that sucks
Sylandest: Cuddles back and smiles
/me gurren laglomps FairysHuff
Bronysith: hehe ^_^
it's gonna be 102F here today ugh
:'(
Heya guys. What're we watching?
Hey guys
00,02these puzzles
mario_pony: Whats that in degrees C?
00,02they are happy
00,02in puzzle form
howdy DarkStar, CountDoofus
FairysHuff: i have no idea
/me waves to DarkStar and CountDoofus
/me glomps DarkStar
FairysHuff: likely the 30's, if not higher
Hey Sith
Hey, any mods active right now?
Sylandest: Yeh if it was that hot in Scotland I would either be inside soaking in ice or in hospital ^_^
Razyn: there is a stream, at least one is
Nice theory John :D
That voice sounds an awful lot like John de Lancie...
it is
FairysHuff: hehe pretty much yeah. Its gotten that hot here before, where i am
CountDoofus: its him
Alright back from shower :)
welcome back, killerpony7733
God i hate New Mexico
Figured as much.
Sylandest: thank you
Wb killerpony7733
So who's streamin?
WE HAVE 100 bronies on now!
Phase is
synda
Bronysith: woah new record?
Bronysith: huzzah!
oops
Bronysith: :D
I have some weird dreams. I have a vague memorie of discovering a hidden mountain monestary in Sweden along the coast in X-Com world map O_o
Oh, we've had bigger.
killerpony7733: its just exactly 100 bronies
<--- Has been playing a lot of X-Com
FairysHuff: thats an oddly specific dream XD
Guys, I'm thinking of participating in the EqD drawing contest. Anyone have any critiques on a sketch I've made of a mental Trixie?
Sylandest: Had another where I was eating a sandwich and the mayonnaise kept squirting out everywhere
Well, give us the link.
FairysHuff: O.o odd dreams indeed XD
Awww
FairysHuff: Ok, that's pretty messed up :D
MegaMoonShine: Which one? ^_^ LOL They both are
Darn, I finally got assigned a task (I'm at work right now...) so I have to go... the chat will probably be just a little too distracting
awww
laters, User0 :$
Bye User0
User0: Laters
I had a dream that I was molested by Molestia, gagged, and forced to listen to Jb's music while Morgan Freeman rubbed my feet.
:S
SuperGotenks1989: ....my brain is full of wat
SuperGotenks1989: Doesn't sound bad to me ^_^
SuperGotenks1989: sec, phone :)
FairysHuff: :D
SuperGotenks1989 lay off the sauce
See ya Sylandest, MegaMoonShine, and FairysHuff.
NINJAz
lol ninja joke
Don't you hate it when you have a life altering dream then you wake up and you've completely forgotten it?
A NINJA
I guess it did alter the present a little :D
FairysHuff: had that happen too many times, lol
Sylandest: Yuppers ^_^
FairysHuff: i tried having a few dreams where i did something in the real world in my dream and ended up doing it sometime later a day and realising it
I had one that I only partially remember where I was living happily as a 14 year old girl. Then I woke up and cried. >_>
Alright. So EqD's drawing competition is about ponies playing with pony toys. I had the idea of Trixie pulling the head from a Twilight brushable. http://derpy.me/--nFc
/me hugs FairysHuff
Sylandest: *Cuddles*
killerpony7733: i had a lot of those
CountDoofus: I like it so far :)
That is mahogany. In a good way.
CountDoofus: That's pretty good :)
twilight_sprinkle1: they are odd as heck you do it without knowing it and you do it exactly like in your dream
Think I had better take some painkillers. Heat is making my head worse.
killerpony7733: ikr, and it sucks that you never remember them until it happens
twilight_sprinkle1: i could remember them but i carried out the dream irl without knowing actually
ANyone in the UK who would be willing to let me use them for cuddles? ^_^
killerpony7733: i never remember the dream until it happens irl, and from what i remember im never able to break free of it
08,01mornin'
Me. *cuddles you*
i dont live in the UK unfortunaetly FairysHuff
FairysHuff: i live relatively close to the UK but else i would
08,01well, it's more mid-afternoon now
08,01time for cream tea
08,01i am at work
aaaaah
08,01i've been at work for hte last hour and a half
What do you do?
08,01i'm cloud and systems engineering research intern
00,02theres a whole extra dimension i've yet to find
00,02and this game is already soo much fun
Phase4: good to hear :)
Phase4: Cool :)
Hi everypony. :)
howdy, Custard!
MadSurge: I thought he researched clouds like Rainbow Dash
MadSurge: No, he helps with research
FairysHuff: ikr
^_^
I suppoooooooooooooose I should eat foods. Thats what I bought it for afterall.... >_>
I'll leave chat on while I watch more TGS podcast and eat.
FairysHuff: TGS podcast? You are epic
:D
killerpony7733: hehe ^_^
I loves it
FairysHuff: I love totalbiscuit
FairysHuff: go get some noms :D
FairysHuff: Me too :D
D:
this room...it reeks of Discord
^
I'm here, but I don't plan to write anything
:)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=14D5wKSVlXg ......Mahogany.
SuperGotenks1989: No video links :|
Okay....
cutie mark crusaders furnature surfing go!
:D
Allo everypony.
Hey Meanwhile!
Allo Meanwhile
howdy, Meanwhile!
/me glomps Meanwhile with the TARDIS
TGS podcast team talking Fatal Frame game + Wii U controller pad thingy = scary balls!
CUTIE MARK CRUSADER THREESOME MAKER
o_o
...
...wat
:S
:O
I HAVE A DERPYMAIL ACCOUNT :O
Admit it. They would probably do that.
=_(\
One should not think of such things when it comes to ponies :D
Lol sorry
Given the stuff they've tried before they probably would go that far
im still wrapping my head around the room randomly launching sofas all across the room
:D
What game is this anyway? O.o
Oh hey it's Quantum Conundrum.
RaveBrony: Quantum conundrum
Does anypony else have a DerpyMail account? :3
Huh O.o never heard of it, lol
Dat John De Lancie.
Yeah :o
RaveBrony: Were you talking to me? :O
Oh, no Custard :D
i am so gay for John De Lancies voice
Bronysith: so ive heard...XD
RaveBrony: So you do know about it?
Huh. I did not know that john did the va for this game.
.....
did he just...
o.o
Custard: I do not however :P
did he just...make a reference...
Dem Deus ex shades~
He had deus ex glasses too lol
RaveBrony: Well it's got derpy. And it's a mail system. And I have one now 6_9
Reference to what? I missed it D:
Reference to what?
Custard: Is it like an email account? :D
Stream derped so i didn't see it :(
RaveBrony: Yes.
Woah :o
Asparagus.
I thought...never mind. I thought he was making a reference to how John De Lancie always attends sci-fi conventions. minor 4th wall break. but never mind
Slooooooo mooooooo
This game is too cool!! How much is it? :D
Sylandest: It could have been :o
/me dancing
Probably 30-50 dollars.
RaveBrony: It's 10 quid on steam atm
RaveBrony: What currency are you on atm?
it's $15
Meanwhile: $
Oh wow.
$15?? :o
RaveBrony: So yeah, like, $15 $17-ish. Probably.
on steam
Meanwhile: What is quid? O.o
RaveBrony: Slang for £
Ah!
harro errypony
Allo IMissOsamaBrony
harro IMissOsamaBrony
HARRO
IMissOsamaBrony: Hi :)
how was all your mornings/
Hey IMissOsamaBrony
:P
Great :)
And yours?
mine was excellent i had to explain to my forigen friend who ranbo was:P
Lol fluffy
Darkfire
wat game is this?
HELLFIRE
Quantum Conundrum.
ok thx Meanwhile
/me gives Meanwhile a portal gun
Ah how sad it is to think a portal gun will never exist :'(
That could be arranged. *builds portal guns for everyone*
Portal guns can exist
It could happen RaveBrony
Kick logic out and achieve the impossible
WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK WE ARE?!
:D
Bronysith: and then spirals. spirals everywhere
There's something I always wabted to do with this. *builds two portals on ceiling and floor*
*throws cat inside*
*wanted
Land on your feet now, BITCH!
Suicide!
ded
08,01the sysadmin's version of code compilation excuse: my network is rebooting
DODECAHEDRONDODECAHEDRONDODECAHEDRON
08,01SuperGotenks1989: how did you know my safeword?
Wait, I did?
/me 08,01nuzzles User0
08,01Sylandest: stuff's not wor-hor-king
take it to the super 8
trolololo
Everyone's dying! My mom's a zombie!
AND PROM'S TOMORROOOOOOOW
WOOT i got the top comment on jontrons top 10 boss battles!
Congrats Bronysith! :)
lol, gratz Bronysith
andnow i realize the meanlingless of my life
so empty
...
/me blows his brains out
/me gives Bronysith a pony plushie of the mane six and pauses his blowing his brains out
Bronysith: Just read it now :D
Bronysith: Don't die, dying is bad
Noooo
/me regenerates intot he 44th incarnation of Bronysith
ok wats this game and whhy did i just hear John D'Lancie?
Dying is bad indeed.
/me slaps Bronysith's head with a really hard slap.
Spectrum_Rush|Zzz: quantum conundrum, and john voices in it
Spectrum_Rush|Zzz: Quantum Conundrum, and he's voicing part of it.
ping ping
hello. i am the 44th incarnation of Bronysith
:D
thxs Sylandest and Meanwhile
Bronysith: goodness me, you've been busy
well i keep getting killed whenever i voice my opinions
Bronysith: perhaps you need to voice them more safely? :$
Slooooo mooooooo
Dat jump.
/me slow moos Meanwhile
dat slow moo.
/me throws a really slow cow at Bronysith
/me dodges teh cow
/me throws a glomping cow at Meanwhile
although it probably reaches you in a couple of years.. its so slow
^Fun fact Bronysith loves glomping
killerpony7733: you dont say.jpg
/me is hit by a low flying cow.
00,02dis is me failing misserably
Sylandest: IKR? :O
killerpony7733: :D
Phase4: I liked the sofa jump bit.
/me hugs Phase4 "nah you dont :3"
00,02i love the slow-mo jumps
/me 00,02hugs VioletGreySha back
Sylandest: Y U NO PING ME WHEN YOU COME BACK?
/me glomps Meanwhile with a cow
CrazyCherry|Mc: you were nomming! :O
CrazyCherry|Mc: I didnt want to disturb you :$
Sylandest: Oh yeah... I forgot that on...
/me hugs CrazyCherry|Mc in apology
NOT THE BEEEES
/me hugs Sylandest
:)
This game needs more discord
killerpony7733: the consistent bending of reality and chaotic rooms aren't enough? :D
Sylandest: Needs more discord i cannot stress it enough! :D
08,01so, er
08,01i just shouted out "HUZZAH! THE FUN HAS BEEN DOUBLED!" in my lab
08,01and everyone looked at me
08,01so i gave them all the thumbs up
08,01User0: i don't think so
Discord has a sister?
:O
08,01ponypeople are few and far between here
did you have a heireka moment?
heureka
When in doubt, thumbs up.
fuck
ponypeople tend to be scarce among scientists. There is noone at my uni I know who is a brony.
Alchemist: not among engineering, there is a whole group at my college
killerpony7733: discord can have whatever he wants. HES DISCORD!
well engineering yes, but researchers no
Unless he is turned to stone
None fucking Piece.
Bronysith: True he isn't the pure entity of chaos for nothing
SuperGotenks1989: /)
Phase4: I just had a thought
Must....send....LINK
Phase4: what if this whole game...is in Discord's house? :O
00,02dats it for me
00,02Sylandest, D:
SuperGotenks1989: have you seen the new code ment?
Aww~
/me nuzzles Phase4.
No.
Phase4: ty for the stream! :) T'was fun
Sylandest: Don't think!
/me hugs Phase4~ "Thanks for the stream~"
SuperGotenks1989: it is fucking awesome
Om: too late!
and howdy Om, Nyria! :)
/me 00,02hugs everyone
/me glomps and pins Phase4 to the floor
Sylandest: Eleo
Hello Sylandest~
Thanks for streaming Phase4.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCSJwlYqwIU&feature=channel&list=UL
Dat Nyria.
Om and Nyria: How are you today? :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5nIitL7KAc&feature=relmfu
Dat Meanwhile~
Sylandest: Oh, could be better xD
/me glomps Nyria ontop of Meanwhile
Sylandest: I'm doing great~
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CH2psyNuos <-- Some music for you Phasey =3
/me hugs Bronysith back~
Hello Gentlemen *manliness*
Om: well, you're here now! that makes it better!
Nyria: good to hear :)
Sylandest: How about you?~ ^^
Hm since no one is doing anything anyone want to play a match of L4D2 maybe?
Nyria: oh, I'm content, hehe. It's my day off, I'm here with my friends...life is good. :)
Sylandest: I suppose.
Sylandest: Sounds like it~ That's good to hear~
and now...we play the waiting game...
Yo, who wantts to watch a movie even though it's not Friday?
Herro everypony ^-^ I'mah take a shower then I'll join you guys, ok?
And back. Taking a break from the TGS podcast.
BLASPHEMY
wlcome back, FairysHuff, and howdy BroKnee!
*welcome
Well, cya guys! :)
Bye MegaMoonShine
Anyone L4D2?
Sylandest: *Smooches*
see ya MegaMoonShine.
laters, MegaMoonShine
epic music is fucking epic http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVAsupiz1X8&list=LLPmfUdZCubIyL9L7qgTtaeA&feature=mh_lolz
How do I stream?
FairysHuff: O//O :$
SuperGotenks1989: you dont
SuperGotenks1989: You don't. Mods do.
Oh.
In other news, how do I shot web.
SuperGotenks1989: you silly filly :D
SuperGotenks1989: one does not simply become a mod
to answer your next question
Oops. Thought everyone could.
eenope.
SuperGotenks1989: you thought wrong
that would be madness
Madness? This is *Arrow to the **Shot***
I don't want to be a mod and monitor the chat n stuff. I just want to stream when theres dead air time to entertain people.
OGOD I HAVE DIABETES http://derpy.me/CarzK
are you not entertained???
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lhh6ebNSFW1qccxpi.gif
▲
▲ ▲
Bronysith: d'awwww
sup bronys
Not gona lie, thats how I rag... I mean party.
FairysHuff: a lot of folk would prolly do the same, lol. I would be content to just be here and watch over everypony
Bronysith: one small step for ponykind, one giant leap for John Madden.
http://youtu.be/kFXAcGB4QH4
:D
CCCP hiya
That's the first MLP amv apparently
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NtAVuyBlwsk&feature=BFa&list=PL9705D23B7A55A495
Bronysith: shoulda been here earlier whe Phase4 made it to mun again i shoewd him that first pic
Sylandest: Yeh but I understand why it's mod stream only. You just know if they left it open for the community that SOMEONE would abuse it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XVAsupiz1X8&list=LLPmfUdZCubIyL9L7qgTtaeA&feature=mh_lolz
hello killerpony7733 :)
FairysHuff: thats putting it lightly XD
good day everyone
CCCP you got steam?
/me nuzzles Scoot-Scootaloo.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WNSUszI5g4A
Sylandest: Though there could be a Trusted list of community people who aren't mods that could stream. That could be a thing.
This is me evertime i play frogger http://i.imgur.com/eGMrb.gif
00,03Stupid blown out transformer >_<
killerpony7733: i don't but my computer is bad and can't run anygames
/me glomps Scoot-Scootaloo
CCCP aww :(
FairysHuff: hmm...eh, maybe. But still, that list would be kept to a bare minimum, likely
Scoot-Scootaloo: how are you today?
00,03Mellow~
Marshin your mellow?
Sylandest: Thats fair enough. It would help flesh out the stream more and fill up dead air time.
Mellow Yellow?
/me marshes Meanwhile s mellow stache
/me nomz Meanwhile
Sylandest: Trouble is, how do we convince the mods? O_o
FairysHuff: true...there'd have to be an interview process. and likely monitoring by one of the main mods
http://youtu.be/6-3wp2VVhKQ
FairysHuff: they always listen to ideas, but we cannot convince so much as merely suggest. they're the authority here, not us
See he knows. ^
http://davidtennantinplacesheshouldntbe.tumblr.com/post/25180114108/david-photobombs-dragoncon-again
http://www.escapistmagazine.com/news/view/117953-Australian-Parliament-Passes-R18-Legislation 0,2:0,2D
Sylandest: Yeh. I've already put forward an idea for a stream to a mod. It's been a while and nothing has come back to me on what the mod group thinks on it.
Bronysith: omg, thats hilarious
FairysHuff: perhaps you should-oh wait, streams alive
Phase4: thats awesome
lol this one
00,02its about freking time too
oh this is awesome!
Phase4: the actual good version of this vid
00,02gta is not ma15 material
Sylandest: Should what?
fus ro dah
WHO IS STREAMING?
FUS RO hello everypony
/me slaps SirGanjalf
FairysHuff: suggest the idea again, the next time you get ahold of a mod. See if they remember it
that is awesome for you aussies.
FUS RO DAH
fus ro dah!
AIR PRESSURE CANNON.
kablooey
05FairysHuff: did oyu try abuse yet?
ouch, why? D:
fun fact: The name for Oz in “The Wizard of Oz” was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z, hence “Oz.”
oh howdy, Wrek!
Wrek: Abuse?
CCCP: Yay my name
"hey guys whats with the cann- BAM
those other guys are mean!
05i linked you it yesterday
Wrek: OH ABUSE!
Und dann Wrek. Hi there. You start uploading to Derpibooru?
08,01i'd just like to point out, we *do* in fact have a list of trusted community people who are allowed to stream
Vordox: whats your name?
CCCP: Oz
08,01they're called mods
Vordox: oh cool :)
CCCP: What my best friends call me.
Hello, you beautiful people you, what are we watching at the moment?
Wrek: I watched a lets play instead ^_^
Vordox: i see
CCCP: Called Wizard of Oz by the ladies. :P
08,01and we have quite a few of them
http://davidtennantinplacesheshouldntbe.tumblr.com/post/21790626154
05and?
SAD STREAM IS SAD
sad fluttershy :(
00,02bed time
00,02gnight
night, Phase4!
Gnight Phase4
Night Phase4.
Who is streaming?
'night Phase4.
save the clown RD!
so much adorableness!!!
Vordox: lol
08,01but though our numbers are quite high in terms of staff, this is just something we do as and when we can, so we can't be streaming all the time
/me nomz mario_pony
Ohai CCCP! :)
hello MadSurge :)
CCCP!
MAy I PLEASE request just ONE video.
sad pinkie :(
And I'll be quiet for the rest of the day
mad pinkie 0_0
Hai CCCP
00,03Nah~
hello CountDoofus C:
hypno pinkie
But..but...The Sonic rainboom video...
naaaaaaaa nanananan katamari damacy
I just think having more trusted people on that list would help fill the dead air time is all.
whos streaming NOW!
someone
smelt: hi mr smart flank
:3
somepony*
ah yes somepony
somebrony
humans are boring XD
MadSurge: hear hear!
The one brony, with the stream, and the video...
that comic
I wouldn't want to have power over the chat. I'd just like to stream. Though technically I don't think I'd be able to anyways because of my low internet speed
sad discord :O
This video = sad everypony
sad everypony :'(
Bronies are far superior trolls
to
far superior to trolls
fucking type
DAMN IT typo
Hey Wrek are you uploading to Derpibooru?
fluttershy:how dare you! :[
oops
05Meanwhile: noep
Tara Strong is best troll
Wrek: Ah, then someone's doing it for you.
Discord can't be sad, as long as canon is concerned. Annoyed, angry, sadist, but not sad
cutie marks :3
CCCP: indeed :D
00,03Kisk that guy's ass, Wrek!
05linkz
00,03kick*
I see no reason why Discord couldn't be sad, in SOME situation.
EPIC VID IS EPIC
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaait....
/me squees
Is Discord a sociopath?
Is this the official Youtube Playlist Stream?
Of Bronystate?
00,03Nope
Scoot-Scootaloo: Any plans to get that working? It could be played during offstream times?
AgentKalim: without anyone to torture, maybe, but I think he's very careful about that
I havn't seen Space is 20% cooler on the stream in a while :(
Vordox: Thats a good idea
oh boy
that ping...
Sumica: streaming?
Sumica: IS STREAMING!
00,03I'll see to it
MadSurge: You're making him sound like AM from I have no mouth and I must scream. :P Just sayin.
nvm
Bronysith, it's Scoot
this song makes me want to go for a run...
AHA, It's ScootScootaloo! Gotcha :D
Most of the streamers have their signature stuff.
Hey everypony
howdy, Very_Silly_Filly
hi Very_Silly_Filly
Sumica has pings like Mica Sumi and Sumica all having unique ping sounds.
I'm not getting anything done here at work, confound these bronies...
Hi, Very_Silly_Filly
Scoot-Scootaloo has Bacon time
Hi Very_Silly_Filly! :)
actually, I think I will do that
CrimsonPhoenix: i know. i need to figure out how to get those awesome pings
Hay Bacon Strips
:D dat ping
and then nothing sexual happened
Bronysith, just get HydraIRC
The end
SPaced out big time there O_o woooooo
^
YGOTAS
Improvised streaming list, Scooty?
Scoot-Scootaloo: I LOVE YOU
HELL YEAH
Oh nice.
:D
OH GOD
XD
Michael Bay's Yu Gi OH
I MET LITTLE KURIBoh
and love him
O_O
Aaaaand, Shia LaBitch
For shizzle mah nizzle
fo shizzle my nizzle
Nice Bronysith! :D
explosions...explosions everywhere
Fo Shizzle my Nizzle
Important plot point.
Yay linkin park
SCooty: I'M STILL requesting Code ment or None Piece. :P
Have you checked her Myspace page?
Michael bay and his beloved explosions!
be back laters, everypony. Gonna go for a run due to Rainbow Dash and the previous vid
Honky grandpa be trippin'
Alright, sater Sylandest
later
laters, AgentKalim :)
bye Sylandest
Sylandest: Have teh fun
Om: I shall :D
Dem explosions.
/me hugs Sylandest
OPTIMUS
/me hugs CCCP back :)
Homey
Dayum sucka
Sylandest: Bye bees
hi Om
I've got Kid Icarus Uprising trading cards :D
FairysHuff: I'll be back in an hour or so XD
later Sylandest.
JIGGLE
What.
hi CCCP nice probably wather we are having?
WallDives: laters :) be back in an hour
Jigglee jiggle boobie progresive dialog
JIGGLE BOOB
Meanwhile: its little kuriboh. just awesomeness
It's time to do do do do DO A BARREL ROLL
Om: its raining where i am
but i like rain
Good point...
HOLLYWOOD
Hollywood
CCCP: Good xD
:D CGI in a nutshell
./)Hollywood(\
Screw the rules, I'm an alien
SCREW THE RULES I'M AN ALIEN
CrimsonPhoenix: SCREW THE RULES I HAVE GREEN HAIR
SCREW THE RULES I HAVE GREEN HAIR
I'm not saying it's aliens
but it's aliens
That's a plot. Twist.
It's not a plot, Twist.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Please please please show None PIece...or atleast try it? :(
That was a plot twist :D
Mind crush.
SCREW THE RULES I HAVE CARD GAMES!
Now here's linkin park
Dat linkin park
:D BEST EPISODE EVER
Now here's emo music.
Yyyeo
p
Meanwhile: oi i like linkin park
:D
02*WB03(Ray03)02WB* - <Ray> 02I'm a walking CDC nightmare, It makes me want to hug someone
Dayum sucka
02Rawr
Meanwhile: now that i have said it.
I've watched all of the original Yu-Gi-Oh the Abridged Version. Sooo funny ^_^
Machinima?
noooooooooo
NO
BUCK NO
Bronysith: It must be canon
Nooooooooooooooooooo
MW3?
Meanwhile: their hands are so big? bigger than your moustache
Only fun part of Call of Duty :D
Sodden Borefare 3.
^
Meanwhile: lamefare
/me yawns
Archaic Peacecraft
lllll
......
i like Black Ops more than MW3 :P
Spectrum_Rush|Zzz: you checkin' in? :)
for zombies
Zzzz
CCCP: both are still incredibly lame
White inaction
Oh mio dio? I know that language :D
Dem languages
im going to get a sandvich
MadSurge: i have know idea
All them languages
Bronysith: i know
anypony else want something?
DOMINEEE
...nothing like this ever happens on the PS3. :S
Hernia
Yeth
suddenly...10 year olds
^
Bronysith: can i have a bunch of hay?
oly sheet
wat
Kids....
He's fookin serious
Bronysith: This is why we have birth control
Guys hes serious
at least hte 10 year olds stay on CoD instead of going to mature games like CSS or TF2
I think he wanted that MOAB
BroKnee: Or BF3 luckilly.
goodmorning :) lol
His jimmies are rustled.
Dat FUUUU pic :D
hi noteworthy
Howdy, noteworthy
/me sits on Meanwhile s moustache
Howdy y'all!
Gay as bawls man.
/me glomps noteworthy
Fun fact balls are gay
hi Everlasting_Joy
YOU DID NAHT HEET ME, YOU DID NAAAHT
Fun fact it's not gay if the balls are not touching
These guys sound like my brother.
suddenly. MOREA 10 YEAR OLDS
wtf throw...?
Newfoals can't soonforce.
who's streaming?
Howdy Bronysith!
WTF
killerpony7733: not until they are touching
Allo Everlasting_Joy.
I got to admit, LUCKIEST THROW EVER
ermahgwd!
Howdy Meanwhile :)!
Everlasting_Joy: my brain is 6_9 from trying to write my book
hello everypony i am back
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
hey bronies :)
Velociraptor.
WTF
Knife to the leg=death in a REALISTICAL game
Double Velociraptor-gasm
who was screaming?
fricking kids....
Bronysith: Been there, but with math problems.
Welcome back RainBowJack
dat calmness
cool...dinosaurs vs humans ^^
Velociraptor gasm made me laugh out loud ^_^ It hurt my chest
Hi, derpy_pony
Can we just kill all the kids alive right now and try again?
hi AgentKalim :)
CAMPER
He's gonna fock this up.
The Watusi. The Twist. El Dorado.
Colin pls
Howdy derpy_pony.
Braviary: how about we destroy treyarch and activision
hi derpy_pony
hi Everlasting_Joy :)
Fookin euuuurgh
Hi derpy_pony!
Look guys : Gamers not supposed to game. :P
Allo derpy_pony.
hi CCCP :) *hugs*
AHHH!
hi MadSurge :)
Vordox: Ikr.
thay burn!
hi Meanwhile :)
Weeeell. Howdy CCCP.
what a gimp
WHAT A GIMP.
hi derpy_pony :)
OW
hi Everlasting_Joy
Crotch Throw
and the rest ^^
Alien-gasm
/me hugs derpy_pony back
This makes me happy that I've never played a CoD game
ALIEN-GASM :D
/me puts Everlasting_Joy in a gimp suit
Me too
I wanna see some dead velociraptors here!
Darth Vader.
/me takes the gimp suit off.
wat
heard they taste like alligator
The captions are the best part :D
Meanwhile: where?
OMG!!1
Again, sounds like my brother.
LOL
LOL the tezts.
moab is what=
I GOT DA MOAB
x3
remind me to freak out like this on tf2
What the hell is a moab anyway?
I like the games, just not the little kids. Besides, you only rarely encounter such asses in a PS3 game, though from what I've heard they swarm the 360 games.
"Just stepped on a lego" ^_^ *Burst out laughing*
GOOD JOB
so much drama
What is a moab? .__.
you killed one...what's the big deal?
moab: mother of all bombs = atomic bomb
24/25 kill streak
Aaah
ITS OVER 9000
Alchemist: So you blow yourself up?
Thanks Alchemist
WHO CARES KID
Dad I got the moab
Dad, i got the moab!
whats moab?
"Congratulations, your life is now complete. It's all down hill from here."
is this about zombies or dinosaurs?
He can't even say MOAB
Vordox: yes: you use it and everyone dies on the map
Fun fact, Stepping on a Lego really REALLY hurts ^_^
Everlasting_Joy: /)
oh...just a video
he calls his grandparents, "OMG GRANDMA I GOT TEH MOAB!!!"
Alchemist: Including the players sinc eit is a FRICKING ATOM BOB
Dad: GO OUTSIDE AND BANG A CHICK YOU LOSER
When I have a son, if he runs to me like that, I will beat him.
Bronysith: (\.
AWWW YYEAH!
Two best sisters play
Lol Braviary Be nice
Vordox: yes. Isnt it genius? :)
Everlasting_Joy /)
MURRICA!
00,03^_^
where is derpy?
METAL WOLF
OMG
MUERRIKA
RainBowJack: (\.
METAL BUCKING WOFL
Did you hear about the man who was playing CoD with a bunch of 12 year olds, they pissed him off so he went to one of their houses and punched them or somthing.
oh...this again...best president ever
ALL OF IT
METAAAAL BUUUUCKING WOOOOFL!? ARE OYU KIDDIN GME?! They got that awesome game?!?!
Metal Wolf Chaos seems like a great game :D
Bustah wolf.
CCCP: I did, or at least, some sort of similar story.
Micheal Wilson 2012
:3
hey noteworthy btw ^^
Those are fake states
CCCP there was a kid who killed his friend and chopped him up and tried to hide him in the attic over GTA.
LOL
lol hai
Hello everypony
FUCK YEAH
Let's partyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
6_9
Howdy LochNessCheez.
Hello, LochNessCheez
Alchemist: O_O u trollin? plz tell me ur trolling
hi LochNessCheez
oh hi
NO you don't
What the actual fudge.
CCCP: I'll find an article about it
You CAN Fire all of them at same time!
D:
Alchemist: oh gawd id rather not see it
Dis game > All CoD :P
D'awwww Bronysith.
'Murica!
Hell yeah ^^
THERE WE GO!
All out BUUUUURST
HOW DO YOU LIKE ME NOOOOOOOW
Bronysith: I've seen cuter.
Another day ... XD
I'd like to see Merkel in a giant mecha shooting Greek debtees. ^^
why do cute things give people diabetes?
Just another day at the oval office
I SEE MEXICO!
Wait, isn't that game from Japan?
Yes
Yes
Everlasting_Joy: http://derpy.me/CarzK
LOL
XD
Bronysith: my diabetes...
CCCP: Because they're so sweet, it would be the equivalent of eating so much sugar, you'd then get fat, then get diabeetus.
He did a thing.
ninjad
02No body here :<
Bronysith: Still seen cuter.
Everlasting_Joy: lol wow
02Oh well then
LOL
Everlasting_Joy: http://derpy.me/X0uzX
Vice President XD
LMAO
RICHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARD
CCCP: I'm not kidding about that either.
00,03derpy.me/gore
This is SOO OCLICHE but they UPPED the style
A PARTY
Bronysith: STILL seen cuter.
skippy gets no love here
Everlasting_Joy: i know but still
I visited the Lincoln Memorial once. There's a building inside, and a glass wall. I hit it nosefirst and almost collapsed in front of a group of people. Lincoln deserved that.
DUDE. I love parties!
So the VP is trying to take over the world?
Blame Obama!
not the vice president!
Scoot-Scootaloo: that site seems nsfw
FairysHuff: Ikr.
FairysHuff: This is a Japanese game. :P
:D
I'm loving these reactions XD
damn you biden damn you
THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER
AgentKalim: I know. I'm talking in general
MadSurge: Just wait!
I see
FairysHuff: Well this is how Japan looks at USA
Merrika
DNN XD
DNN sucks.
Vordox: This is how everyone looks at USA. >_>
Meanwhile: Yep, but upped XD
CCCP not that site exactly its a off site to put SFW MLP FIM art up
LOL
HAHAHHAA
LOOK GUYS! MEDIA!
Who's Bily Metchel?
killerpony7733: oh
Vordox: I've been to the US.... I know first hand about the insanity of patriotism.
o-O
Vordox: Blow it up!
DAT LONG NAME
XD
Wwwwwwwwhat
CCCP it's a mirror copy so to say of a alot more NSFW site
this is what happens when you conquer Japan
wat
Why would anyone want to save Arizona?
i see
YEEEEEEEEEE
YAEH
YEAAHHHHH
kill it with fire!!!!!!
:D
robutts
Now I want to be the president of the USA
Teddy Roosevelt did the same thing as this when he was President, only with his fists.
:D Nixon voice!
Why are they...blowing up the building?
Lol Braviary XD
the building is a terrorist, AttackWithHugs
hehehheheheheheheheheh
DORSEY
The worst name is Agnes.
derpy_pony, MadSurge: Sounds about right
Agnas?
LOL
/me hugs ALL the chat!
whatever
TAUNT BUTTON
Agnis?
Yay
/me hugs AttackWithHugs.
AttackWithHugs: *Hugs back*
/me yays all over Meanwhile
/me hugs back
/me hugs AttackWithHugs back
/me hugs back
/me hugs AttackWithHugs.
Whatwhatwhawahwhawhat
/me hugs the world
this is epic
/me tickles Everlasting_Joy, Vordox, AgentKalim, and Meanwhile "I missed you guuuuyyyys"
That line was so bad.
Braviary: I hope not ^_^
AttackWithHugs: Don't even know you. :)
i thought we were all equestria..
SOmething somthing..
Und dann AttackWithHugs. Where've you been? :D
AttackWithHugs: hiiii *hugs*
MURRIKA
LOL
I am Equestrian..
Stand beside her, and guide her,
Why no east to west
Meanwhile: School and real life :D
/me kicks AttackWithHugs. "Don't tickle me, I tend to kick :$."
I am Om, I claim no affiliation with a contry
The Watusi. The Twist. El Dorado.
Vordox: I'm a local :D
MEDIA TIME
i iz equestrian :)
Through the night with a light from above,
Hiiiiii MadSurge
From the mountains,
DNN :D
Overflowing love and daily benevolence
lol
To the prairies,
*maniacal laughter*
AttackWithHugs: Damn. Still, nice to see you again.
To the oceans, white with foam,
this man is a brony
Everlasting_Joy: sowwy, didn't know ^^
Who here is from Earth?
ih AttackWithHugs :)
THERE IS NO QUESTION
XD
THERE IS ONLY MEDIA
Meanwhile: Nice to see you again too *huggles*
My one tru Hoooooome.
AttackWithHugs: No, I'm just sorry if I hurt ya.
Chibi_Loves_Parties: Number nine, number nine, number nine....
HAI CCCP
/me is from the not earth part of berlin
NICE BOAT
/me bearhugs AttackWithHugs.
The Metal Wolf pilot is MEANER THAN SATAN HIMSELF
Oh lord, this is so bad.
all MY NAME IS IN ALLCAPS!
Everlasting_Joy: It's okay because I do the same thing too *smile*
/me thumbs up
Overflowing rivers of maple syrup
Overflowing rivers of maple syrup.
ALL these Canadian steroetyping XD
/me bearhugs Meanwhile back
sounds like a plan
WHats it like on earth? :)
ah canada
oh god..
boooo
wut....
I'd like to see more games set in other countries other than the US... like Sweden, POland, Nepal, Southern CHina etc
FairysHuff: Play the game Syberia
Dat daunting thing.
LOL
....
Florida sucks.
XD
tf?
FLORIDA RECOUNT XD
EWWWWW
all games set up in germany have to do with nazis, FairysHuff
Vordox: Watched a lets play of it
boring
Pound it.
When does he save WVa, a real state?
the USA sucks
That's what she said
.-.
derpy_pony: Yeh. Sad. ~_~
President points
I'ma pound it....
but so does everyother country
President points are best points
CCCP: Agreed
The poundage has been doubled.
he worst thing to be is a patriot
your president points.... are in debt
FairysHuff: :)
I never thought mechs and jingoism could be melded into a video game.
That lady needs more enthusiasm in her voice
WILL THEY MAKE IT
Yup.
/me can't stop laughing
LOL
o-O
Here comes the Canadian bots.
SHAQ
:o
Paul Randy and Shack.
SHACK
Ok then.
what's the name of this video?
XD
or...this game?
Shack! :D
LOL
SEQULITIES
MEGAMAN
EGORAPTOR
XD
Best Roll impression ever
boooooo
NOOOO
Give up. Pfft.
Holy shit
That's an absurd helicopter
Mother of Celestia
Wats this?
LOL
boooooooo
you gotta be kiding
I was waiting for that.
BOOOO
:D
HAHHAHA
Bitch, it's called raw enthusiasm. GET SOME!
Massive arrrms
Mass of Arms XD
RICHARD
not richard!
Richaaaaaaard
RICHARD
HELLLLO MIKE
Richard! also known as Dick!
Hahahaha
Is it me or does Richard sound like the guys playing?
This acting is worse than The Room
Richard is such a Dick
NEW ORLEANS YOU FUCKER
AttackWithHugs: No acting is worse than The Room. Oh hi Mark.
What a story Mark
president down!
WTF
XD
Mister President.
Mr. President -_-'
AttackWithHugs: and that's why it's funny :D
THE REASON IS
Meanwhile: Not even Twilight? (that horrible excuse for a vampire story)
YEAH
BECAUSE I'M THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
BECAUSE I'M THE PRESIDENT OF MURRIKA
LOL
united states. great?
YEAH
He's the motherfucking PRESIDENT
I did naught hit haer ees bullsheet I did naught
so awesome
". . . he's Irish." :D Great allusion.
ohaimark
FairysHuff: Ikr .__.
cuz im the president
That's a good reason.
Thats his quote
AttackWithHugs: Not even that. The Room still wins the Worst Acting Ever Award.
I'm the president, dammit!
and it works
OH SNAP SWAG
LOl
REJECTION
Sure whatever.
FRIEND ZONE
bye <3
haha
SWAG
Why doesn't Obama use the "I'm the President" excuse?
Meanwhile: Good Celestia! That's BAD!
....Richard Hawk?
bye CCCP :) have fun!
DENIED
That HAS to be a dick joke
AttackWithHugs: Really really really really really really really really bad.
WHOA
:D
SUCK
MISSILE PUNCH
wtf hahahahaha
on my missile punch
SUCK ON MY MISSILE PUNCH
WHAAAAAAT?
SUCK ON MY MISSILE PUNCH
SEEMS LEGIT
Guile's theme goes with anything
AMMMERRRIIICAAAAAAA
i win!!!
Meanwhile: dat acting
OH GOD
LOWER VOLUME
MATT WON <3
AttackWithHugs: I can't hear you over the sound of Suck on my missile punch.
OMG
o_o
WUBWUBWUB
100% SKILL
Applejack is MLG
Thank you for the warning, Vodrox. <3
IT LOOPS
Love and tolerate every pony.
Meanwhile: I honestly thought they were going to say 'dick'
AttackWithHugs: I know, I'm as surprised as you are.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Sonic Rainboom? =#
=3
gets warned, turns volume to max
love mah wubs
LOL
Meanwhile: *le sigh*
This is why I always keep sunglasses in handy
ITS OFFICIAL
YES
REVENGE
. . . What?
<3I LOVE this one
Hura!
WOULD RATHER BUCK APPLES
AttackWithHugs: Distract yourself with this video.
Side to side, side to siiide.
Huzzah!
I liek bacon!
This again..
Minecraft is...
overrated
Yes
I invented bacon. Bow to me.
this is why I mine on peaceful
i only bow to celestia
^^
and Luna
yes and luna
naturally
Don't forget her
cuz luna is the homie
Scoot-Scootaloo: You changed it so we could see the titles?
I hate creepers.
and cuz im the president
WTF IS THAT
00,03yessir
Awesome, less questions!
noteworthy: Did that video start a meme?
Scoot-Scootaloo: Wanna play XBL?
lol i wonder if it did xD
COME at me bro!
I don't even like bacon that much.
00,03As soon as my bro gets off, which is aout 2 hours or so
Meanwhile: I'm a veggie
FairysHuff: Could never do that, I enjoy meat too much.
YES THIS VIDEO
/me is confused
pudding!
Finally something worthwhile :P
Meanwhile: I grew up with a mother who would smoke while cooking meat in a pot. Really put me off.
I love this video!
FairysHuff: Ah, bummer.
This is so fully of win.
00,03PUDDI PUDDI! ^_^
lol wtf
GIGA DURILL BUUUREEEAAAAKAAAAAAH
GIGA
BITCH
BREAKEEEEEEEEEEEER
OH SHIT
Im really tempted to start to read the whole unified robot-empire-foundation universe by Asimov.
"About tree fiddy" what?
but it usually takes 8-10 months to get through it
Scoot now you must stream the Giga Puddin commercial
String_Shredder: South Park reference
Scoot-Scootaloo: I can do that, maybe put about another 15 minutes to be safe.
What in the actual hell am I looking at?
00,03kk ^^
the spoon!
Puddin'.
This is making me hungry.
Suddenly, Bill Cosby.
SCENE MISSING
Scene Missing
Scene trolling.
DO IT FILLY DO IT :S
AAHHHHHHH
!
love this pmv!
I love this song <3
Aww dis is cute.
I don't know this one
OWL CITY, HELL YEAH
its galaxies by owl city
Owl City + Ponies = Heaven
Wait, call back the Capcom, what?
This video would be a thousand times better if I had someone to cuddle while watching it ^_^
This is neat.
I love PMV when they put some unique style
http://punditkitchen.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/political-pictures-mitt-romney-how-quaint.jpg politics ^^
like this one
oh and when it`s very well animated
Ponies are lucky, at least they're SURE that god exist :D
That's why I like fantasy settings so much.
MadSurge: That makes me lucky then. As I'm sure God doesn't exist ^_^
That means I will see ponies in heaven..
FairysHuff: I'm very doubtful about his existence too :D
The End
If there are no ponies in heaven, I'll sue everyone
.-.
yay
Please don't talk about atheism.
Fin!
Less religious talk in chat, never ends well.
oh boy
Some Duke
ded
Please don't talk about theism either
Braviary: i won't
:D THIS
he dus
durz.
no
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
He do's. Oh god the spelling!
NO
all my noes
So she foils
ded
oh the drama
DEd
so she foils
SHE DED
SHE WAS DED
SHE DED
I hate this video because I know some people actually talk like this.
:'(
too late
who, Meanwhile ?
Like this if you cry everytime
All he wanted was to be epic.
lik dis if u cry evertim
i lik
LIK DIS IF U CRY EVRTIM
derpy_pony: Implying you might somehow know them.
I love Duke
Meanwhile: as long as it's a joke I'm okay with this :D
I'm glad i can't cry :P
more ded
AGAIN
05hmm waht to do...
NO]
FORRREEEEVVEEERRRRRRR
NO
DED
with the exeption of something bad happening to fluttershy.. :'(
Meanwhile: hm...they aren't people in the normal sense of the word
she was ded
she wasw ded
SHE DED
derpy_pony: Ikr
5ever
Howdy Wrek!
like dis if u cry evrytiem
x3
Hello Wrek :D
WOMBO COMBO!!!!!!
05Everlasting_Joy: hey man, diya get spotify to work?
hi wrek
WOMBO COMBO! :D
OH MAI GOD
ohhhhh!!!!
HE CATCH A FLY
I know what to do. Be kind to an old man you've never seen before
BEST PRESIDENT EVER
OOOOHHHH
O.O
OHHHHh
LET'S BRING NEWS OUT OF THIS; THIS IS AMAZING:
Veloricaptor-orgasm
The reactions
WOMBO COMBO!!!\
I'M THE PRESIDENT OF THE GREATEST COUNTRY ON EARTH
Wheres his mech!? O_o *Is disappointed*
Wrek: Not yet. The problem is, there's some sort of instillation error that keeps coming up. I first need to uninstall it, but that's being a problem as well. I was planning on working on that today.
cuz im da president4
Who dat?
PEWDIE!
Nova.
Fuck you gumby!
I don't think that's PEWDIE
Deal w/ it
NOVA
AttackWithHugs: nova you silly filly
Gumby :D
/me pokes AgentKalim
Sup
:P
Custard chat?
o3o
00,03CENSORED
:D censored
angry german kid plz
Pewdie and Nova are funny.
His sexy face <3
gumby-gasm
x3
O.o
Who's streaming now?
SRS BZNS
He's Gumby, dammit!
Wtf is this? O.o
AttackWithHugs: I cannot stand pewdie honestly gets extremely boring quick, But eh to each to his own
. . . I'd make an XBL joke, but y'all already know it.
Meanwhile: I love Pewdie. This Nova person entertains me greatly
this guy is serious
This video is so made of "what!?"!
Gumby, calm down!
he's the president
AttackWithHugs: nova is part of a group of youtubers called the creatures
Click all the things
That song...
killerpony7733: The Creatures?
AttackWithHugs: you know of them? :D
YEAH!!
Derpy reaction.
DERPY!!!!
DERPY!!!
oh boy
o.o'
killerpony7733: first time I've heard of them
DOUBLE STREAM
AttackWithHugs: oh ok
The only way he could be any more serious is wearing a more normal mask instead of a Gumby costume.
DERPY DERPY
Meh, the reactions themselves are cuter.
inb
killerpony7733: yep
SHE TALKED!!!
Oh!
inb4 streamception
its a stream within a stream
Derpy speaking in a nutshell
YES
Man that day was lunacy.
Sadly i werent there that day
his dick hurts
i was there that day and it was so laggy
The Derpy reaction was what got me to watch the episodes live.
I had school that day so I couldn't chat lol
STRONG kids
/equius joke
I wonder if there will be anything in season 3 that'll cause chat to react like that again.
I smell EIT.
00,03EDUCATION FTW!
I hate kids,.
Is this the video about molestation?
Meanwhile: A episode about Derpy and she sings! Can you imagine the madness??
OMG how is TROLLING???
Scoot-Scootaloo: And me knee yes edumacation.
AttackWithHugs: Everyone would have heart attacks and die, that would be beyond legendary. :D
Only in the early 2000's
00,03:D
Wait is that the Fonz?
Wrinkler!
Bacon Who has the bacon wheres the bacon
dat face
HI HENRY
Meanwhile: It is, it is the Fonz.
AttackWithHugs, if she sings with the second voice the response won't be good. It'll be madness, but not the good kind.
He is glad to see us
Enjoy this video, or I'll break your kneecaps.
ill be a great parent after watching this
00,03O_O
O.o
Braviary: Sorry, but I have other audio going on now, so I can't enjoy it properly.
Woooah! A little thick there Fonzi.
Wait what?
I'm gonna run over your knees with my bike? WHAT?
Ah, I screwed up the quote.
Braviary: Singing in the first voie
HE'S GOING TO RUN OVER YOUR KNEES.
This is for kids?!
^
You know, FOR KIDS
^
I'd rather be shot by an arrow rather than getting run over
00,03NO!
Look out kids, or the Fonz will run over your legs.
No
nope
When do we get to the song about genetalia? <3
Papa Smurf?
What is this? It looks like a youtube Poop
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENEING
I'm serious
00,03I'm probably gonna censor that..
What the hell is this?
I'm cool!
So Scoot-Scootaloo is streaming?
im cool!
seriously, what is this?
strong
I need an adult?
aahhh
Fonzie ripped out her vocal cords with his bike.
poor kid
lol
the kid who never talked: and then we watched Tommy
that guy has a creepy paedophile air around him
I can listen to this for a little bit.
Sling stance.
You know what isn't fair kid? Your teeth.
its not fair
Meanwhile: :D
They're gonna talk about your ass!
Everlasting_Joy: Well come on, I've seen fish with better dentists.
The Great Divide!
Adults can only help if they actually fucking listen and not shout you down >_> *Fucking mother* >_>
yes. we blame the child
damn children!
Meanwhile: I didn't say I was disagreeing with you.
Yes. This guy is telling us to blame the child
Everlasting_Joy: Ya didn't /say/ anything. You just :D'd.
I heard it too
sagas[A]: only when the child keeps their problem a secret.
what it would sound like now if you blamed the kid "I told you not to be so slutty!" "Mom, duckfaces are cool!"
Meanwhile: touché.
not sure wtf this is
I don't even know what's going on right now... is this supposed to help parents? Kids? This is retarded-
I'm back again, everypony! :) *collapses, exhausted*
00,03Oh gog...
and dafaq did I walk back into
I don't even know where the vulva is.
Vulva. That's not the word we learned.
Vulva? The car?
3 IS FALSE
Welcome back, Sylandest
ty, AgentKalim :)
Isnt Vulva a car brand?
5 is false
00,03WTF?!
That's Volvo.
oh god..
It's normal for a kid to play with their genitals.
5 is a lie. Imagine a kid saying "HARDER" on the streets
05i heards vulva. wuts going on in he.... aaaaaw shiiiiit
7 :O
Believe it or not, but 7 is true beyond all words.
7 is true when they reach 1 or so
Sylandest: Have a nice run?
8 is true
Wrek: Run! Run away as fast as you can! These people don't know what they're talking about!
a friend of mine is in the child care business...she had a 4yo tell her how anal sex works
times have changed ^^
/me hugs AgentKalim, Om, CrazyCherry|Mc, panda, Nyria, FairysHuff "and now you are all sweaty as i am"
I can't watch this anymore. It makes me angry by reminding me of my childhood.
Everlasting_Joy: they know better than the people here who are riffing it.
Good grief, I give up. I'm gonna go get a sandwich.
HI :)
Om: if by nice, you mean exhausting, then yes :D
Thanks :P
hi ACS13123
/me hug Sylandest back~
Nyria: :)
Sylandest: That was what you were trying to do right?
Who knows about the pyromania update for TF2?
FairysHuff: precisely what is this? :D
:P
ACS13123: Nerfs to Pyro?
Sylandest hm?
05ACS13123: only that i am freakign excite
Kandarihu: . . .Good point. I suppose I'm just a little put off by this, considering I don't have kids.
Om: eeyup! And it worked :D oh god, i cant feel my legs
Neither do I.
panda: just saying im back...and i hugged ya :D
Wat the hell is being streamed?
Wrek: you been on the official TF2 page I assume?
More!
That was terrible
let's not watch that again please
Woah... that Doomsday map picture looks amazing O_O
There's a part 2?!
FairysHuff: thats rather...disappointing
Sylandest: Good xD
00,03Just.. no more.
Sylandest hehehe ^-^ i accept it ^-^
reminds me to the "uncle fucker" song in the southpark movie...not all children are stupid
Scoot-Scootaloo: HA HA
Well, "being too stupid to think of themselves" just holds parents to an impossible standard.
use repeaters!
bacon!
Whats up with the bacon
panda: good! though you may want to was up, im sweating like heck, so...yeah...
*wash
Repeaters arnt hard....
/me pokes panda
Cant wait for Meet the pyro, only 49 hours or something
Now I need to re-wash my mind of the memories of my childhood. Thanks stream. >_>
Om hehe
Redstone is quite fun
Why are we watching minecraft? :P
ooooooohhhh
FairysHuff: have a washrag *hoofs rag*
how?
AgentKalim: Not just Minecraft, Nova :p
Whats the mod for fireworks?
Sylandest: *Cuddles* ~_~
never accomplished this
/me cuddles back to FairysHuff :)
Come back to Nova's minecraft fireworks. Awesome.
That sort of video meant to be a resource for parents who are looking for advice on raising their children. It's not a failed attempt at entertainment fit only to be riffed MST3K style.
Sylandest hehe its ok
STUPID 'PETER!
wububububububu
le boom
Rage issues mmuch?
00,03This one my friend made :)
Gilda Lament O.o
panda: did you have any luck with the homework?
I <3 this song
O__O
Dweebs.
oooooh
The original is quite good
:D
dat pic
wait.. 50 hours till meet the pyro? sweet....
should be reversed
Sylandest yesh ^-^ but now i lost my memory card :(
poor gilda :(
panda: pehraps you merely misplaced it? look about the room, it should be in there somewhere
*perhaps
Going to watch more of the TGS podcast. Just another 2 hours of it to go ^_^
panda: It got eaten by a land shark @~@
FairysHuff: have fun!
Sylandest: Will try ^_^ *Hugs*
Hio
Sylandest: homework?
aahh poor Gilda
Sylandest hehe i was so tired, dont even rememvber
Scoot-Scootaloo: If you only had the Gilda DP
BUCK
YEAH!
sagas[A]: panda was working on homework last night, i helped :)
Om. Heh i think thats plausble
:>
oh, and good morning too, sagas[A] :)
Mood breaker bacon time.
Sylandest: Oh homework over what?
/me likes the singer's voice
sagas[A]: stats homework, if my memory serves me right
Sylandest: Its noon here, but close enough :)
Hmmmm never took stats
Anyone heard of TwoAwesomeGamers?
Prefered calculus
sagas[A]: i took sociology stats, but panda's is psychology
Sylandest: Ah social sciences
Sylandest: that explains it
this wants to make me want to hug Gilda
man, it feels good to finally have finished school FEREVER :3
Makes me wonder if griffin tastes like chicken.
RainBowJack wait.... mlp is streaming?
diddutz|buck-yeah: you will miss it I bet
Silly panda
We don't stream MLP here
no panda
Unless it's G3.5
:>
FUS RO DAH
Dat dari.
fus ro dah
:D
How did that happen :P
FUS RO DAH :D
now dat shit be funny
Oh no
my legs feel like they've been fus-ro-dah'ed
CHEEP CHEEPC
pneumatic cannon AgentKalim
SCIENCE
:D
...
SCOOTALOO SCOOT
Oh hi Mark.
sagas[A]: but until then i will have a very good time :D
WHAT HAS SCIENCE DONE?
oh god....
SCOOTALOO SCOOT SCOOTALOO
AttackWithHugs: Let's go eat HAUH
diddutz|buck-yeah: Live it up while you can!
i will ^^
Meanwhile: Yes, some HAUH will do nicely
NAUGHT NUAGHT NA NAUGHT
Oh hi Mark.
What a story mark
Hi Tommy
:D KoTH YTP!
Are you ready to sauce?
00,03REMIXXXX!!
Hank sure is an asshole
:D remixed King of the Hill
No
Tiddy bear
King of the hill is funny
easy to lift 50lbs bags?
Propane and propane accessories.
And Hank has a heart attack
Bronysith why did you give him a bday present?
I sell propane and propane accessories
close the company
sagas[A]: XD
I hug you
No you did not.
You did nauht?
volumpulouse?
you call me fat?
uns uns uns uns
No that's voluptuous.
Hugging our way down the crapper here
Or you know, you can just call me fat.
I love this.
Hank Hill is a dick
^
shut it down
Yup.
5min
no more
touching something that is
i love this madness...its so fun
AttackWithHugs: still a better person than any character from Seth McFarland's cartoons
MadSurge: mmm :3
obammy!!
dancing and clapping and shouting
I queefed
...
=o
:D
My head is bopping to this. Why?
Working in a motel?
Cuase it is good.
Pyramid scam?
^
AttackWithHugs: because it's catchy!
AttackWithHugs: It's in your brain. Apply ice.
Yep...
you!
Steak knives
This is one long YTMP
all of the above
sammiched!
hulu advert?
YOU ASSHOLE
08,01so i just ate a custard slice
UUUURRRRGGGHHHHH
eat some more
08,01and i managed to get icing and creme patisserie all over my beard
That is probably more stomach acid than exists in the average human body.
Meanwhile: easily
08,01i'll leave it to your collective imaginations to imagine what that looked like
Meanwhile: They should be dead by this point
11.•10«11WB10 (Ran10) 11WB10»11•. 10- Skyrim is part of a nutritional balanced breakfast
:D
inb4 fired
PAWNCH!!
AttackWithHugs: If only.
hey. And wth is this .-.
chicken thigh
oooh King Of The Hill YTP!
gas be leaking
DUNDUNDUUUUUUUN
boom
BOOOM
08,01okay, that reminds me of a joke
hai raan :D
08,01a seal goes into a mechanic to get his car fixed
dawnguard tommorow, got my code today
08,01while he's waiting, he decides to get icecream
08,01but manages to spill some down his front
08,01he comes back, and the mechanic says "looks like you've blown a seal, mate"
08,01and the penguin says "no, it's just icecream!"
hi everyone
08,01hi Lil_B
howdy, Lil_B! :)
00,03WHAT A STORY MARK
hi Lil_B
courage
Where was Gondor when you got penguin and seal mixed up?
Hi Lil_B
08,01Meanwhile: i said penuin!
08,01wait
Hi, Lil_B
08,01i said seal first
Yup.
08,01i meant penguin
wait, I thought he quit at the end of the movie?
Derp.
this loks like Danny Phantom art style o.O
2Ooooo :D You'll have to tell me what it's like
Sylandest: Hiya.
puts the lotion on the skin
08,01my incompetence is funnier than the actual joke
o.O
wat.
It's not safe.
O__O
CrazyCherry|Mc: there you are! :)
/me hugs CrazyCherry|Mc
Oh look
clerks!
08,01what's on the stream?
It's the guy who's still a better Dante than the one from DmC
The animated series of clerks
brb telephone
Wat, this looks like it was going to be a real show
But, this is a cartoon. How was it recorded live?
wait
.-.
/me hugs Sylandest
DrHobo: That's the joke.
Silly filly.
Meanwhile: ooh XP
I JUST WANT SOME SMOKES!
CrazyCherry|Mc: are you having fun? and just what game are you playing anyway?
XD
Fair enough kid
Was this going to a real show? Looks like it was
Damnit Jay.
snoogens
will do!
I just wonder what time it releases exactly? I hope midnight!
Silent Bob :3
is it safe?
XS
2A midnight release would be nifty :D
IS IT SAFE
safe
Sylandest: Minecraft. Andyes I'm having fun. :)
I DONT KNOW IF ITS SAFE!
There were doors!
and no windowsß
?*
CrazyCherry|Mc: ahhh, i see! Good! :) I've never played it myself, hehe
overacting much?
sagas[A]: it might be safe...maybe...
DED
and now your trampled
Sylandest: Not if an M80 is hit your way
He?
Don't they mean NBC?
XD
i wouldve never knew about clerks if it werent for movie night :D
BETTER THAN JESUS!
sagas[A]: oh dear...XD
noteworthy me too XD
Leonardo Leonardo. Hm.
I got a friend with 2 Kevin Smith based tattoos.
That reminds me a two best friends XD
Your poorly educated...
Where's Donatello Donatello?
Seems legit
sagas[A]: you're*
The Medival Canada
XD
Meanwhile: I know, it was a typo. My bad
YAY POLIO!
k
Silent Bob = Leonardo Leonardo
The wilds of Canada.
L L
hE SNAPPED HIS NECK HOW DARING
at least he looks like it
shame
New Jersey....
I am come to stay.
Leonardo tower
/me shrugs
yep its a big bong
Dat bong.
stoners think everything is a bong
stupid stoners
XD
12!pokemon
Soital, you are a 7Swinub.
crappy future
yay.....
12Raaaan <3 Niiiiick <3
Quicker Stop XD
Quick-ER stop
Yeah sure.
woah wie
"Even more Quickier Store"
well that was a short episode
DUN DUN DUNNNN!
Bbl >>
Quickerer store.
00,03Only 6 episodes made :(
12Chiiimeeeera
12:<
yay high end adult mags!
Scoot-Scootaloo: cult following
WAit, who still uses adult magazines?
Noticing a pattern there?
AH GHOST
Coffee bar with a little book store with a tiny coffee store. Coffeeception.
that's creepy as hell
hai latii :3
XD
!pokemon
Nick, you are a 7Vanillite.
AHHHHH!
this is so nutty
Meanwhile: id rather have tea than coffee. unless it is frappucinos
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
I hate coffee.
phase 1 is what now?
When you are shopping with me, can you also pay for me?
2Lati :D
2!pokemon
nope, not evil at all
Ran, you are a 5Honchkrow.
2<333
XD
rio: Collect underpants.
http://i952.photobucket.com/albums/ae7/hedgehog39/macrostuff/fuuuuu.png
phase 1 scare random guy into running away from store
Modern Eunich lol
he has kids?
brb
til they get fired
no idea at all
be kind and be fired
2!pokemon
Ran, you are a 6Jigglypuff.
2:<
You never worked here...
Scoot-Scootaloo: ah yea its bacon time
officially
Officially
they walk like morons
Officially standing over there now.
:D
coupon
Jay and silent bob are best stoners
Coupon. . . So true. . . So evil.
that much work for one FAX
Dat Ikea
GREAT IDEA
IKEA
BLORK
Stick with Ikea
wow, I guessed that
Ikea. Ofc.
ello, oh Clerks?
XD
From one purchase?
!pokemon
cheap-ass Ikea
Nick, you are a 14Glameow.
hi Dken2021 :)
Hai, Dken2021
IKEA is da shit
sagas[A]: it was one heck of a purchase...it needed a coupon
money out of window has 2 phase pahse 1 get money pahse 2 trow it out window
howdy, Dken2021
Howdy Dken2021!
Sylandest: Talk about a big deal
It's a piece o' crap.
Built by a rere
sagas[A]: eeeyup
hehehe
Ide take it
I take it everyone's doing well?
XD
TAKE THE JOB!
Mon-tree-all
wait, only once a week?
poor Canada
Raaaiiiin
Try and kill it.
This show is so frealing insane and nutty... I LOVE IT! :D
indeed
They have telephones but dont understand rain?
-claps-
"No, I expect you to die"
Why doesnt Dameon just take it without him?
sagas[A]: Canadians! In this show.
sagas[A] you could not IMAGINE how long it took them to get there.
Canadians! *shakes fist*
red filter Oo
Dken2021: dan vs title drop
Hipster Leonardo
Damn canada!
Shoulda taken the job
XP
I shall name my first born son Dantae
What.
:D that was funny.
what about arson?
/me glomps Everlasting_Joy
Why indeed?
Batarang WHAT?
climbing up a skyscraper with a rope?
makes sense
Seems legit
maze of death?
sagas[A] good question :/ how did they get the rope that high up ?
Lil_B: good arm
Dat desk
sounds alright by me
I like dome resorts
Cutie Mark Crusader Drones, YAY!
I guess people don't care
billy crystal and robin williams movie. o god
wow, dat old movie reference Oo
well then...
Robot Chicken
00,03Robot Chickens :O
Robot Chicken!
makes sense
this guy's though of everything
Dat Aliens referance.
How is that all a pop out book.
XD
Leonardo, New Jersey
UPN?
Lincoln, you're supposed to be hunting vampires...get going
Wiat a minute... A pop out book, planing out long term goals... I must do this.
lol UPN
So much facepalms.
i can't see past the similaritys
Dat rich widow.
what....
What sense does that make
sagas[A]: just...go with it. thats all we can do
!pokemon
Espeon, you are a 3Zoroark.
Okay
Close enough.
What plan
Seems Legit
:D
Jay is best pony.
Silent Bob is best pony.
o.o
/me flees
Kevin Smith is best pony.
welcome back, CrazyCherry!
Something about Randal dressing up as a woman...
or a third thing
done enough studying for today
yes they will
haha
or they are exaclty the samw
its time for ponies
great...
Officialy.
good to know guys
onward to derpyboo.ru
snooch to the nooch
Snooch to the nooch.
XD
lol wtf
alchemist ponies is no way right now SE3 is not done
not-so-silent bob
Kids meeting JAy and Silent Bob in the wood late at night
what
Word.
wait why is SIlent Bob talking?
bum dum tsh
Because he can.
And the bears get the food
wanna buy some fireworks
terrible pun check PINKIE tyle
That was funny.
rio: thats why Im filling the gap with fanart
00,03More of Ali <3
YES
nooooooooooooo
dat day
WE NEED MORE CLERKS EPISODES!
ill brb
love this song
DISNY VILLIAN SONG :D
who's rendition is this?
Alchemist: mandopony
quite the good rendition
NOT CADENS VOICE!!!
Sylandest: thats not Mando's voice :D
>I could care less
Fuck this song
It's a piece of shit
Alchemist: i thought thats what it said in the opening bit?
thats not really a Karaoke Version i think :/
got to say everypony was surpirsed by the fact shes a chnagling
something is wrong with this
e_o so many off notes
ouch
You will be grammatically correct or you will die.
Om: aye...i am hearing them
Sylandest: Mando is a guy...
kill it with fire!
meh its doable
nice so-so voice
Anyone who says "I could care less" is a fucking idiot, seriously.
And I will not tolerate it
Indeed.
Alchemist: then what the heck did I see in the opening credit before the song began? :O
Its tolerable and nice
i kind thought when they did the spining shot i thought from the shadow they should haver her true form
This is the real reason why Dari hates Matt Smith.
Newfoals can't soonforce.
He'll end up marrying a cake
Sylandest: perhaps its Mando orchestrated it, and someone else did the vocals.
Matt once said "I could care less" and Dari was like "FFFFFFFFFFFFFFF"
Meanwhile: Yesssssssssssssss. XD
AgentKalim: :D
May I just say, BOOOOOOO!
Sylandest Mondopony taking credit for puting lyrics at the bottom of the screen.
YES! This Video!
everything is wrong
?
I'm singing along and the first thing I just thought was 'Holy crap, how did I hit those high notes?'
oh shit..
O_O
Therapy Time.
Alchemist: ahhh, Barbetos|Atwork got it
This is amazing!
note to self if i have any plans during a wedding dont just randomly laugh manicly during the wedding
CriticKitten: I didn't actually remember that, but all the more reason to hate then. :P
BITCH BE TRIPPING BALLS
Pro pro propane
some intense wubbin
XD
now thats fucked up
Dari: I don't think he did, it's just funnier to imagine that being the real reason you hate him.
/me is leaving to get his hair cut
Eeyup.
XD
Ah yes, the KoTH collab by OrpheusFTW.
sagas[A]: have fun! :D
well the world is going insane its offical
Bonanza.
Everlasting_Joy I think it was made by at least 10 different people
Hello everypony
sagas[A]: Its a trap!
hi Nabronyan
hai Nabronyan!
hello Nabronyan.
Lil_B: Orpheus coordinated it, others contributed stuff to it.
Sylandest: Ill have as much fun as one person can have getting his hair cut. I just hope I get a scalp massage
Hello Nabronyan
Mah boi. Dinner.
Everlasting_Joy oh :O
diabeetus
lol
Oh dear.
XDD
sagas[A]: make sure to ask for one :D
the fuck
chew it
DWR_PokemonWhite, how far in B/W are you?
Sylandest: I just might, but usually they give one anyway :D
zombies ate my neighbors?
heavy?
Heavy weapons guy.
now its just getting creepy :D
WallDives Oh, forgot to put the number 2 there :P As for my P white save on my DS, I've got about... 400+ of the pokemon.
Bobby is a Brony
... Where's my bible...
2!pokemon
poops always seems to be very odd humor
Ran, you are a 10Yanma.
2Bzzzz
"humour"
Right now, I'm starting a pokemon white 2 english ROM game.
mother fucking money management
sagas[A]: nice, lol XD
aw yah
thank you sweet merciful molestia i get back after TDA is over
I'm expecting this to turn into a creepypasta for some reason...
money management for buying a wallet (how does that save money)
pay the man
since my TT derps into forever.
lol
Dat ass is cash
:D
/me brain has been broken by this video
WallDives ROM's make the time go faster. I've heard the OST and the game looks amazing. Can't wait for Europe release myself
O_O
lazy eye
Um...
trolllllll
Bobbeh
somepony help us
I have no idea what's going on.
thats probely for the best
funny cause its true
DWR_PokemonWhite2, also, DAT WORLD TOURNAMENT ROSTER. Very excited for it. Also, dat new champ.
XD
Why can I smell burnt cereal?
Eeeeyup
I love this stuff :D.
eeyup
mmhmm
no not the trash muppet (whats his name)
DERP
Meanwhile: How do you burn cereal?
WallDives IKR!? They're really going all out on Black and White 2. Even the anime looks amazing.
rio Oscar
rio: Oscar
My sister burnt water once
how much longer is this
AttackWithHugs: That's partly why I'm confused.
rio: Oscar the Grouch
DWR_PokemonWhite2, mfw the little brat is the champ. >.>
Meanwhile: That's weird. Maybe you should check it out just in case.

woops
AttackWithHugs: I think I will. brb. >_>
lol
WallDives Hopefully, they will actually be a challenge....Pfft, yeah right.
duke yepum?
XD
ded
*dead*
this day aria is easily my least fav song. it is very good. but the other songs were so cheerful and happy. it was just dark and downing
ded
l
no!
NOOOOOO GOD
no?
well bronysmith it is a villian song
yes?
rio: i know
XD
my most favorite song is winter wrap up
noteworthy: /)
Mine too
lol
He's blue
eiffel65
Oh shit, Likety :D
I'm blue XD
(\
XD
Heya everypony.
also did anypony else think when the y did the spining shot with fake candnace they should have showed her true form in the the shadow
o_o
hai EggWhite
...what are we watching?
rio: i just think disney gets villain songs better. TDA is good. very incredibly done. just not my fav pony song
Howdy EggWhite.
:D Likety is so surreal ::D
this thing is so...so... Om, what is happening to my brain?!
Turns out canalonee smells like burnt cereal. Go figure.
80085
1134
80085 are fun
Dken2021: :).
Sylandest: Meh, nothing really.
fuck this is long
If anypony would like to know; Meet the Pyro in: T - 49:03:11
boobies!
YES. I LOVE AUDACITY! >W<
What.
rio over 20 min
Om: oh, ok...i was worried for a second :D
at the start of the video is where we went wrong
Sylandest: I'm here to look like I'm helping.
AttackWithHugs: what's a 80085?
wtf is happening
Om: well, are you helping? XD
MadSurge: 80085 is spelling "boobs" on a calculator
so anypony wanna take bets when a pony is put in on this insanity
DWR_PokemonWhite2, they're wi-fi events, so I'd expect high levels. also, I just peeked at the E4 roster. pretty good.
noteworthy lots of random diting
And 5318008 upside down is Boobies.
*editing
AttackWithHugs: Oh wait I got it. :D Yes they're fun *shot*
Sylandest: Does it look like I am? :3
the crap...who is streaming and why?
ohh diting :)
Om: hmm...yes! :D
new name is twitche the the fuck
MadSurge: And they make nice pillows sometimes
also enter 0.1134 into a calculator and spin it 180 degress (upside down)
Sylandest: Woo!
WEEGEE
garfield why the fuck not
It's a fish
AttackWithHugs: you would know that eh :D
XD
he can fly
I love those last two.
Hey everypony
hai Very_Silly_Filly
MadSurge: Yep. And I'm a female so bonus points
Howdy Very_Silly_Filly.
YTP of KotH?
Seems legit
hey there Very_Silly_Filly ;)
WTH
bernie?
AttackWithHugs: I know :D
Hello, Very_Silly_Filly
AttackWithHugs: 55318008.
Dalebot
Very_Silly_Filly the second great KOTH YTP Collab
great now we got audio steps
RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE!
WTF
terrible jokes AWAY
MY HAIR ON MY ARMS!
dat loser
wth
WoW
woah not wow
XD
Orpheusftw hates that guy :D
Meanwhile: Mmmmmmm :D They make it hard for me to lay on my stomach without a pillow sometimes
the crap is on the stream....
oh god white rappers
XD
rio: eminem is good
AttackWithHugs: lol, ok then.
i dont think he is
>lasagne
Meanwhile: Nice pillows though.
!!RD loves lasagne
AttackWithHugs: Wait...
how long is this video?! XD
how many clips are thier in this show
Dikekike!
oh god the chroma key
Meanwhile: yes im female
Sylandest a little ovger 20min i think
Scoot-Scootaloo: WTF MAN!
.-.
Lil_B: 20...minutes...oh god
AttackWithHugs: No I knew that, but you lost me on the pillows comment.
bacon
?
wtf was that?
XD
baken
he is also a moron
Dikekike is the best, i love his MLP YTPs XD
Scoot-Scootaloo: ahhh yeaaa it's bacon time!
DEMON
hell is found in hank hill
00,03No.
Toast toast
NO
ytp withing a ytp
nucler bomb?
Hellfiiiiire
O_O
Oh god, CDI was hilariously fuking terrivl
Meanwhile: 80085 make nicepillows...at times
my god how much longer
now it just seems like random editing
AttackWithHugs: Yeah, I thought you were implying that, but I didn't want to say so. :s
bye
rio: the bar spot makes it seem about...7-8 more minutes
After batman read cupcakes http://orcworm.co.uk/file/batman.gif
Meanwhile: its ok. i do that at times
i see it too just try to ignore in hopes the vid will be odne faster
AttackWithHugs: Great, because my pillow is uncomfortable, can I borrow yours?
So we're allowed to stream this but no Grand Galloping Collab?
dafaq i just hear
PONIES
MLP
grand galloping collab that clopfic?
Meanwhile: sure. theyre a little big but more space
Sylandest: Welcome to the world of YTPs.
MadSurge yes, i wanna the this video too :(
dat never return alive
Everlasting_Joy: ooh, good point
00,03Sorry I was AFK. I hope NOTHING BAD happened...
Bronysith: you saw it too, right?
/me glomps Everlasting_Joy into Meanwhile s moustache
'dat weegee
lugi why the fuck not
Scoot-Scootaloo not at all
Sylandest: probably
AttackWithHugs: x] This is a random conversation.
00,03oh...
Scoot-Scootaloo: bacon time is it bacon time?
whats with the random bacon time?
rio sounds like a ping
00,03It's my ping
rio, it's Scoot's ping noise.
stop that your getting waty to much enjoyment form whatever your doing
DERP
inb4 everyone pings scoot a bunch.
00,03I'm getting too waty? NOOOO :'(
Joj!
rambo?
Meanwhile: I'm known for being random at times :D even around friends
aw shit murica!
BRB EVERYPONY gtg to work quickly
MERRIKA
AttackWithHugs: And that's why you're awesome.
Take care Bronysith!
seeya Bronysith
Bye Bronysith.
Meanwhile: Awesomesauce /)
Bye Bronysith!
yay
bye bronysmith
Corn
bye Bronysith :)
AttackWithHugs: (\ Überbiscuits.
rio: its Bronysith
bye Bronysith
whops sorry
and hi everypony
Meanwhile: Biscuits :P
Howdy BrOnyxia.
lali-ho BrOnyxia
AttackWithHugs: sauce. :3
Hi, BrOnyxia
hi BrOnyxia
filth on TV like sponge bob and um this
Meanwhile: apple juice
I like some skittle biscuits, whatever that is
yey
lol this
rio, yeah, did that line feel a littl meta to you to?
linux inside
AttackWithHugs: Chocolate chip muffins.
yeah it did
im ruined for writing for the rest of the day because of this...but thats ok XD
Meanwhile: I love those! I love chocolate in general
back to the future does not desrive to be in this ass caulrun
AttackWithHugs: Chocolate is amazing.
Sylandest what ellse would you have done?
Meanwhile: It explains why I gained weight since I moved with my sister. That and late-night eating ^^
HOLD COCK
00,03Delicious Tears :D
Lil_B: er...writing...perhaps reading...but most likely sit in here in chat XD
Mah boi stole my PINGAS
hank is a CAPATALIST!!
Wakka wakka wakka :D
Centatruck! =o
Sylandest chat is better option ::$
AttackWithHugs: Disregard weight, aquire chocolate.
any normal person would have turned this off at the first line (we are super duper special or insane
no drowing music noononono sonic
00,03rio: Are you normal?
rio: Which is why I'm glad I'm not normal.
nah
00,03Yay!
normal is too mainstream
/me hugs rio
Meanwhile: And acquire more weight. I'm in the 160-lb range now. I was about 150lbs before I left home.
the fuck
hey guys
AttackWithHugs:
LOL WAT
twilight_sprinkle: hear hear!
Howdy alexxm!
hai alexxm
wheres some memes like lol cat or well ponies to come and save us
hoi alexxm
hi alexxm ;)
AttackWithHugs: random enter key. And I'm terribly underweight because I don't eat much. So, polar opposite day. :P
hes a terminator i knew it all along
hey Everlasting_Joy Dken2021 twilight_sprinkle and Lil_B how have your days been
lol
450 years later
Nyer
!pokemon
Nick, you are a 10Unown.
oh thank god one normal meme
Nyer
lol
OMGWAT
alexxm was gud so far
rio meme? normal? wut?
alexxm: So much better now that I'm watching this YTP, and of course being on here.
What the hell is going on.
THE END
this was a very odd poop
Scoot-Scootaloo: Thank you for showing that.
Meanwhile: Polar opposite day is best day. I need to get off my fat butt and start walking again
oh god that kid has pinkies multiple random arms synrdome
now lets watch "follow the sun"
MORE POOPS.
this video againÉ
WOMBO COMBO
?**
THAT AIN'T FALCO
Agreed, more poops!
i like the monk version of this
Wombo Combo was funny 3 years ago
IMPORTANT NEWS!
OH!!
12...
wombo combo
12!pokemon
Soital, you are a 7Grimer.
12WHAT
12LMAO
All right, I need to take off. See you all later!
FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK
Bye Everlasting_Joy
bye Everlasting_Joy
AttackWithHugs: Dat ass. And I could probably start actually eating in the day. >.>
wow, he killed a fly, and this is breaking news
Bye Everlasting_Joy
OUCH MY DICK
Bye Everlasting_Joy
bye Everlasting_Joy
wait i have a strange feeling i have heard the bacon time thing before in fact the voices (this took to long to 2 2 2 together FINALLY
2!pokemon
:D
Ran, you are a Tyranitar.
Applejack! :D
Bye Everlasting_Joy
lol
hah
o dis
thank god ah damnit
/me 2stomps around
/me is immediately happy
Bobby is a Brony
Entire stream is Hank Hill.
happy and terrified
OMG RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
HOH MAH GAWD IT'S SO JUICY
....
noo not the liqour stor *Smash*
Dammit AJ
dohohoho
[ponies
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
why was obama killing a fly news anyways
their bodys are so wormish
Damn Mac.
*bodies
is that big macs normal voice with the yuep or not?
Meanwhile: dat ass indeed. My boyfriend says that he likes it but me....meh.
(was watching the simpsons kwik e mart made me say that :P)
;o
I'm so lazy!!
sex
?
well thats just rude
HAH!
suddenly porn
...
2Oh hey, Ty-Ran-itar :D
Oh my god, it's so juicy!
ACTION HANK :D
AttackWithHugs: Well, if you want to lose it, work on losing it, but still. Dat ass. :3
My bed is made and it's all flat and neat....except for one big lump in it that looks like it's breathing. Gee, I wonder where my kitty has gone? >_>
Clops! :D
i thought they only had parody of ponies like my little pony abridged
Und dann Clops.
the fuck
Clops
:) I miss MAD tv
Clops? Oh god they're out for us! *hides stash*
me too MAD tv was the best
padinton
O__O
suddenly penis
Well. That's uncalled for.
Oh and so is that.
ow
:D right in the childhood
my manhood
Biggus dickus
Meanwhile: I'm working on it. But I'll still have some junk in the trunk naturally cause my grandma had some
AttackWithHugs: Good stuff. ^^
worst cop ever (he had to fire a gun to get people calm)
He's made of clay.
Meanwhile: That and the hips. (And I'm black so I'm gonnahave some naturally but totally disregarding that part lol)
00,03Y SO SRS?
so where is pinkie pie in this fight she does run a bakery
I love MADTV
DAAAAAAAAYUUM
AttackWithHugs: lol x]
Doughboy no!
BUUUUURRRNNNN
And then they...baked him.
00,03Puns <3
correction WORST POLICE FORCE EVER
well he got burned
more MAD tv
00,03Now to chill the buck out~
That just made my day :)
Newgrounds?
so are the people trolling us with ponies bronies or anti bronies?
Meanwhile: However, like most black girls around where I live, I do not have a ghetto side. My friend has actually told me to never act ghetto because I fail so hard at it
I haven't been on there in aaaaages.
OH NO. Not this
Yes. This!
rio what do you mean
Oldgrounds
Ahh, this.
Nothing by noone
Om: incoming tears?
14hello
AttackWithHugs: D'aaawwwww. :D
Sylandest: Possibly.
wow, I have seen this video like... 3 or 4 years ago?
people using hank hill in MLP FIM troll of anti brony or actual brony just having fun
:'(
TT_TT
00,03I'm a brony and I LOVE to troll bronies :D
Meanwhile: It's hilarious to hear me act ghetto. Hilarious as in "WtF" and "ookaaay"
that calls for a Tea Party
piano outside house why the fuck not
well this stream got sad
Scoots Why you hating man!?
This video is nice
*cries*
not hate tough love
rio Pianos can go anywhere
ohai hobo
morgna freeman?
dated animation
but nice
rio the sidewalk is where he lives.
I think i saw this onm newgrounds when I first connected to the i-Net from my own PC in 2007 or so :O
homeless guy just trolled u son
oh 2007?
but he gave him money...
I guess that's why the animation is dated then
but then again i see it a bit differently
AttackWithHugs: Well, when I get the chance, I'll have to hear it. :P
yay happy ending
NG shirt
THat is not money! Its green monopoly money.
Dat NG shirt.
Dat grin
So what was the idea behind this?
and then he became very old and spread his joy to his children
00,03Piano players are MLG Legit, dari.
Howdy everyone
rio: nope
lali-ho Dermathil
Allo Dermathil.
Meanwhile: prepare your ears from some horrible ghetto. I'd have to send you a file of it because I'm all the way on the East Coast of the States
howdy Dermathil
hi Dermathil
hey Dermathil hows your day been
i almost cried
03gotta leave in ~10 mins for another job interview xD
Unfortunately, I lack a microphone
O.O
Still fairly early in the day for me
sadness shouldnt get you too down and you should push trough cause the good stuff is later in life I LIKE THAT MORAL
AttackWithHugs: UK, so yeah, file. But I still look forward to it.
ello everypony :)
Only a few days until Bronycon!!!!
ello
EEE--
and i cant go
AMEN to that, rio
Meanwhile: I have no mic, unfortunately. I'd have to buy one. But I have a webcam on my laptop
Dermathil when does it start again?
sathurday
Too bad I can't attend :c
AttackWithHugs: Close enough.jpeg
thanks
9AM EST I think
Meanwhile: eeyup
its been good alexxm, how aboot u?
oh god wow
ah speading good cheer :D
BAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWW
00,03Yo dawg, I herd you were bi-polar...
now thats a fluttershy moment if havent seen one
well, that was pretty good, truly
nice
that was very nice
I fucking cried!
So what's up everyone
oh shnap
That ain't rock...
AWWWW YEA
just too sensitive to handle this
wait who is streaming?
:l
00,03MOOD SHIFT!
not much Dermathil how about you
oh
!pokemon
Nick, you are a 7Barboach.
ew, this song
massive mood whiplash time
im so tired of hearing it
I still think the other one is better :/
pony rock huh never heard this beofre
:1
And then mood shunt.
Everyday I'm wrapping up winter.
who's the blue pony?
nice timing
/me throws out the fishing rod... :P
AttackWithHugs, OC
Some OC.
neow lights apparenly
CrimsonPhoenix: Ah.
Not much either. I'm doing the final preparations pertaining to me leaving on thursday to go to New York
Mm, too high pitched.
Ponies Shuffling? FUND IT!
I cringe when I hear their synth not hit the high notes
hope you have fun there Dermathil
hey everypony ask the bronies to do someething like doing a MJ dance in times square but instead of MJ songs play SMILE SMILE
:D
Of course I will. There are people I met here that I'll be meeting IRL for the first time there.
Who's streamin'?
:D
2!pokemon
Ran, you are a 7Slaking.
oh pinkie
Everyday I'm wrapping up winter
well pinkies voice seemed to high to me
2...that's pretty accurate actually, lmao
Erryday ahm bufferin.
'erry day I'm bufferin'
if i could i would hack into times square TVs seems like it would be easy as shit seeing as every villian in NYC can do it
03LOL
:D
very nice pinkie pie not lying
Yyyyyyep
rio: Sounds like a good idea. Just a random flash mob of Smile, Smile, Smile
rio: there are ways to put your face on the screens.
I'd love to see that rio
A few of my friends did it last time I went to new York.
Hello everyone!
Dermathil how much does that cost
11,01Eww. Ponies. I hate ponies. Let's show something else. Why do we have to show this girly crap? :p
Hello, Cobellanez
alexxm: no idea.
hey Cobellanez hows your day been
i have hacked my shcools projector to show stuff ooff topci AND THEY NEVER FOUND OUT IT WAS ME AHAHAHAHA
Lol Nittany_Discord
Good troll
00,03IKR Nittany?
Hello Nittany_Discord
I'm gone for now see you again in 2 hurs or so
woa...
hey Cobellanez
Fine alexxm
later Lil_B
laters, Lil_B! take care! :)
I think I'm banned on 4chan for some reason
I know my friends did it tho since I saw their faces on the screens.
/me dusts Nittany_Discord.
bye Lil_B
/me hugs Nittany_Discord because he can XD
bye Lil_B
/me 11,01hugs Meanwhile and Lil_B
I think what Nittany_discord means is that put on some sea ponies :$
/me and hugs the rest of the chat for a goodbye
11,01Later Lil_B
Hi everypony :)
Bye Lil_B.
hey Nittany_Discord hows your day been
Allo Irish_Pony.
Cya Lil_B
hello Irish_Pony
bye Lil_B
howdy Irish_Pony!
hey Irish_Pony hows your day been
Hello, Irish_Pony
hi Irish_Pony
MURRIKA
11,01Rough night's sleep, but fine otherwise.
XD
murica
FUCK YEAH
All da pings!
ello Irish_Pony
FUCK YEAH
lets see if the networks exuctives have ads on the montier the security will be a low tier one i could hack it within a few hrs and have it showing SMILE SMILE on all screen
11,01Loud thunderstorm decided to come by and keep me up a bit.
btw guys, meet the pyro is coming out on the 27th.
And then the reason I dislike the states.
11,01But it was fast-mover.
spikes a terrisot now :(
Nittany_Discord: morning!
11,01Morning MaidSurge.
LOL
play on the NYC big screens
well every nation is allowed to have own pride but we take it a bit too far
fuck yeah!
FUCK YEAH
porno FUCKYEAH
AttackWithHugs: It's hard not to when it literally acts like this.
do the dbz one
Them: "Republicans!" me: "Hell No!"
murica
oh boy
YES :D
THIS
Aww man this one.
Dis is illegal you know
Meanwhile: Unfortunately you find it almost everywhere, especially in the Southern states
thats epic
RRAAWWWRRRR
awesomest trailer idea ever
YTP ftw
Oh this.
oh god
Shy guy toy box~
I LOVE THIS VIDEO
but I like illegal stuff
Taking another break from the TGS podcast. ^_^
You wanna cum?
RWAAAAAAAR :O
dat paper amrio
what...oh god, its another one
11.•10«11WB10 (Aurora10) 11WB10»11•. 10- MY MILKSHAKES BRING ALL THE B-
02*WB03(Aurora03)02WB* - <Aurora> 06I acknowledge I have issues, I am ok with it
Dken2021_: that confused me - it sounds just like south park, but I don't remember that song from the show :D
dear lord
illegal stuff is best stuff
Sylandest: Yup
AttackWithHugs: Which is why I decided to never go there. But enough of that, time for ridiculous pony shenanigans.
11,01You broke Pinkie!
*thump*
Om: XD
*le gasp*
fuck we killed her
:o
what video is this?
Hammer
pinkies been broken
Meanwhile: Ponies are nice.
Ham-ham-ham-ham-hammer-hammer
00,03hAMMER <3
i think i need a new name anytime anypony has to say something with the word rio in the sentnce in any way
lol
Donkey Kong!
/me has a hammer
/me 11,01hammer
HAMMER TIME!
that Hammer is too fucking OP
AttackWithHugs: I like ponies.
cornerio
i have a rocket launcher given to me by i cnat rember
hammer all the things
@_@
Yay
so many hammers
:D
Hoover.
I'm Twilight Princess
LOL
:P
11,01Spinning!
looks more like crazy twi
100% ass.
I AM THE GREAT CORNHOLIO I NEED TP IN MY BUNGHOLE
Om: wha-wha-wha-wha...where did this come from?
Meanwhile: Ponies are awesome. They're pastel-colored and would be awesome to have as a roommate depending on what you take in school
booty call!
/me is 100% ass
duke nukem?
Sylandest: Someplace far away
why
Bad Duke!
Om: how far we talking?
what did rairy do to u
I'M gonna kick your ass bitch!
suddenly duke nukem
rio why not?
AttackWithHugs: I think they'd be awesome to have as a roommate wherever. :3
....
nooooooo
wtf
if Ninjazz were here...
"She'll die!" "She will not." "Give her time."
nothing i bet
Sylandest: Deep down in the crazy part of the fandom.
O Pinkeh:D
Sylandest: FUCK THAT
11,01Suddenly, Nuke Dukem.
boom
Teh: XD
Sylandest: He has seen this before xD
Oh shit. I mean, I'm sorry.
RUPEE
Om: oh, he has?
or a ruby
derpy
SONIC FUCKING X
GALOSENGAN
lool
Go go Galo Sengen
gigigigiggggigi
USE THE MASTER BALL!
Sylandest: Its been shown a few times.
XD
um is int that form the sonic X show
Om: first time ive spotted it, lol
i think so rio
Pokemon master!
MASTER BALL FAILED MY ONCE WITH MEW TOO NO JOKE
DEVASTATED
AttackWithHugs: I'd settle for Pinkie.
lol
...................
the fuck
Dat bird
dear lord pinkie
Omnom bird.
mmmmmmm birds
he he he
wtf
JUICY
Jewsy
Meanwhile: Me too. I'd settle for her and Twilight.
juicy
and then PInkie was Ozzy
XD
hahahahhahahah
LOL
Wahahaha!
I wouldnt mind Rarity being my roomate
well i guess we call throw all ideas of pinkie pie being a form of glado shed never be caiught neare a bird
rio Masterball has a 99% capture sucess, and a 1% failure
the hell
too much
slendershy
Too much
Face erased = PERFECT
slender shy
not eanough
Flootershai!
it does but i had pokemon yellow when it happened
i stole your face!
I lost.
THE GAME
I LOST
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
i lost the game
I lost? :O
its time to play the game
FUUU
Haha you all lost the game
eeyup
XD
A WHAAAAT
oh shit
bitch
Legsnap
Fatality!
oh god
11,01Lol.
my sides
NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Surprise!
Nooooooooooooo
11,01No!
Surprise buttsecks.
i cannot feel them
Surprise butt fun
sur-prise-butt-sex
spike got rape
butt sex!
sonic boom :breaking the sound barrier going as fast as mach 10 at those speed colliding into any item would and can cuase a thermo nuclear meltdown
surprise butsecks
HAHA
:D
lmao
omg
Dang Obama!
You tripped over a barock obama
Flip flops.
FLIPFLOPS
Dat laugh
Pinkie is broken!
Hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
pinkiepie has stopped working
Metal gear!
Metal gearrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
pinkie.exe has crashed
how many times has pinkie been broken now
!
Fission mailed
Applebloom? AAAAAPLEBLOOOM!
GAME OVER
Snake Bloom ^_^
OH GOD
NEEEIGH
xd
:D:D:D
11.•10«11WB10 (Aurora10) 11WB10»11•. 10- refridgerating a phone extends its life
02*WB03(Aurora03)02WB* - <Aurora> 06I acknowledge I have issues, I am ok with it
APPLE BLOMM U THERE APPLEBLOOM APPLLEEBLOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
I've been looking for that "I jack off to ponies" FOR SO LONG
Oh dear.
:S
GODDAMMIT OBAMA
:D
OMBAMA~!
obama did it again
well this got disturbing
she has a mother?
fuck you
Surprise.
NNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
seckz
Nope
woo woo
the cops!!
Ded
more spike rape
that music
saunich
Dat drowning music
Drown music
alexxm: I knew of a worse one, but it got deleted months ago :)
Always hated that soundtrack
DED!
the nightmare of y childhood
PILLS HERE! *1-up*
Peels
Gggggrabing pills
well i mean we have seen only the AJ famil nad twis family (unless she has some uncle we wont find out till now)
Cypresswolf what happened
!
11,01You've got to kill your friends.
HMM!
that egoraptur?
That's no good.
sonic sez
Sonic sez
No!
saunich sais
NO
no
alexxm: it contained Rockso Pinkie and you know what he does
11,01Nittany Sez.
First, you get into a car with strangers, and get outta there!
GOTCHA
HEADSHOT
Cypresswolf no i don't
MAMA'S COMING
O____O
ew
:O :S :O :S
Meanwhile: If they offer you candy, take it. Your parents never let you have any
:D
sh
Surprise
alexxm: good, you're better off not knowing :)
AttackWithHugs: Vans that say "Free Candy" are always legit.
AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Surprise.
suprise
so much rape
o_o
Meanwhile: Especially if they have no windows
Dun dun duuuuuun!
dont piss of twi she turned her parents into a cactus
lol
Fluttershy's a tree.
AttackWithHugs: Exactly! :D
I be a tree?
she be a tree
I be a tree
ehehehehehehehe
Huffy the magic dragon
Hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe
Huffy the magic dragon
BAAHHH
Meanwhile: And it has to be either black/dark colored or white but REALLY dirty
twi's broken
meme achived
PFFHHHHAAAHAHAHA
Call in the troll
LOL
http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v31/Connor/pony%20stuff/mentaltrixieprogress2.jpg Any critiques to crazy Trixie thus far?
;D
fluttertree is canon
nova
WOOL
not the blue dye
11,01The rules.
thats cheating!!
AttackWithHugs: like it's driven through a thousand muddy puddles.
you broke the rules
YOU BROKE THE RULES
break keyboard nova
God dammit
There goes the rules...
damnit!
god dammit god dammit god dammit
XD
my god he has a problem
You broke the ROOLZ
he broke the wools
Epic nerd rage
Can we have a metal MLP music vid? A good one? ^_^
never understood this video
rage
THE WOOL!
:O
Is epic
Nova is a silly filly.
Meanwhile: The dirtier the better. Have it go through some nuclear plants for some extra emphasis
German Kid is not amused
i think some one broke the rules
so much rage
Meanwhile: Remember, it needs to show signs of melting!
AttackWithHugs: So it's muddy /and/ luminous.
11,01Oh Angry German Kid.
what were the rules
wut?
:[:[:[:[:[:[ YOU BROKE DA RULES TIMMY TURNER
Wat?
AttackWithHugs: Have a go at it with a blowtorch around the doors.
:l
CrimsonPhoenix: In these maps, you have to find colored wool to win the map. using dyes to color the rules is bad.
Meanwhile: Yesssss! It shall glow brighter than the sun!
:D
ponies?
wasnt that uberhaxornova
yes
No
AttackWithHugs: The van shall blot out the sun!
00,03:V
oh
:V
Meanwhile: any any other celestia body!
cyc: that was nova :D
what type of song is this ?
oh angest
I KNEW IT!!!
Meanwhile: CELESTIAL* inb4 moon banishment
GO NOVA!!!!<3
Sounds a little like U2....
AttackWithHugs: Indeed! We shall eat candy in the shade. Also to the mooooon.
why not banish to sun if that happend you lose as soon as ur teled there
Meanwhile: At least the candy won't melt! Or anything else.
ok i guess we did see pinkies parents so whos parents have we not seen
AttackWithHugs: Nothing is quite as annoying as candy melting. >_<
rio: Applejack's, Rainbow's, Scootaloo's
aw man that moment was a fucking hartbreak
and Fluttershy's
Fluttershy too
Applejack's, Rainbow Dash's, Fluttershy's
Fluttertree
rainbow dash's fluttershys and applejacks
Meanwhile: I left a tub of gummy bears in the sun by accident one day. Came back the whole tub was liquidly colorful sweetness, so I put it in the fridge when I got home.
/me hugs alexxm
this is a nice video
AttackWithHugs what happened then
/me hugs RainBowJack back hows your day been
so anyone think SE3 might be rated a bit higher then E to make more mature themes
AttackWithHugs: Oh my gawd. Was the result as awesome as it sounds like it might've been?
Wow, I have this muted, with other music in another tab, and I clicked on this by accident, and the portions matched so well.
00,03>: (
Hm. I wonder if you could ferment gummy bears.
can we watch dirk sterling again XD
Inb4 gummy mead.
Can we have a metal MLP vid?
alexxm: my day has been great my old phone kicked the bucket and i bought a new one
i wish i had a friend like pinkie pie
Barbetos|Atwork you probably can
Meanwhile ikr
alexxm, Meanwhile: The liquid yumminess, when cooled in the fridge finally, had taken the form of the tub it was in. So what was once gummy bears was a circular tub-shaped thing of sweetness. And it was delicious
:D
NO WAI
THIS
oh this pmv
So guuud
this one is so good
The exacy one I wanted to see
a new bucket ?
Ello there everypony.
i wanna make random guess at the fact he has austism (i have asbugers form of it)
AttackWithHugs: Überbiscuits.
Allo Malavolent.
Meanwhile, alexxm: It was yellow, red, and green and orange
sounds good AttackWithHugs
hey Malavolent hows your day been
he needs to put the intro remix by dj alex
Finally I get my dail pony dose.
YOU SHOULD TRY IT IF YOU LIKE GUMMY BEARS
AttackWithHugs: sonic rainjelly.
damn twi can be powerful some times and then just straight up weak
this is really well made :)
this was one of the first things i saw here
really nice clips to chose
alexxm: It was quite good, walking on mountains and stuff. How about you?
its pouring outside for me
Meanwhile: It's delicious! *le gasp* SONIC RAINJELLIES! This needs to be an idea for season 3
:(
been good Malavolent started trying to lose weight
it never rains here in the desert :(
this video is amazing <3
alexxm: Good luck with that :)
this was one of the first things i saw here
thanks Malavolent
GUMMY PONIES!! Some one needs to make it.
AttackWithHugs: If you take jelly to sonic rainboom velocity it becomes sonic rainjelly.
In the shadow of your heart♪
:3
ok i have the time i would need to hack times squares montier (awsoming that the sec sucks) and it would take 3 hrs but i would need to be within 4000 meters of the screen
whats the name of this video???
When does season 3 start by the way?
no clue
Who knows.
00,03rio: You are so MLG Legit~
I'm surpried there's not any leaked info yet.
in thee fall
Meanwhile: It shall rain melted jelly and gummy candies! And all was good in Equestria. The End.
it will probely be shown off eraly at bronycon
AttackWithHugs: and that's how Equestria was made.
i have to go
Malavolent i think some time in september as thats when season 2 started
yeah rio if you pull that off you will be a legend
bye RainBowJack
Meanwhile: Discord would have a fit and Pinkie would explode
11 minutes til I go back to work
cyc: the stars will aid her escape
What song is this?
Is there a stream right now?
AttackWithHugs: Eternal chaos comes with rainboom jelly you guys. Rainboom jelly.
alexxm: Very well, I'll start making preparations.
@alchemist thx man
yep Pinkies4thWall
rainboom jelly? sounds tropical
alexxm: whos doing what?
pony_7007: Cosmic Love by Florence and the Machine
O_O
Dken2021_ its melted gummy bears
Pinkies4thWall not sure
AttackWithHugs: thanks
alexxm even better!
pony_7007: You're welcome
(Of course, just now I see the disclaimer.)
so a smile smile smile flash mob in times square.. that'll be the most legit thing ever
CountDoofus: Who knows, but still, 3 months are way too long.
Meanwhile: *Pinkie rolls around in a puddle of gummy rain*
whats the disclaimer CountDoofus
CountDoofus: Since that date is a wednesday, I'm guessing its not accurate
AttackWithHugs: And all is right with the world.
well here the thing about me (like twi i have no really feeling to try and make friends) the asburgers has wired my brain to grow in intellegence but shrink in social skills (so insanly high IQ but im almost near hte edge of bieng a loner) in school i talk to no one (i see them as distractions to my goals in life)
Meanwhile: And a PMV with Discord plays as we're talking about rainjellies
Meanwhile: Timing=damn good
discord just got stoned xD
AttackWithHugs: Clearly it is meant to be. /)
rio you could always try
yeah sad but true my brain is wired to think like a super computer wondering how things work and putting pieces together
well you just need to find the right friends that have the same intrests as you do.
Meanwhile: Indeed (\ *sips green tea but burns her tongue* Oww!
yeah i have tried many times but if it close to going fine it always goes up on a smoke cloud
AttackWithHugs: *sips black tea, has developed common british resilience to tongue burns.*
ah. well eventually you'll find good friends that'll stick by your side for a long time
rio best thing I can tell you: don't try and overthink things, just ease your mind
Meanwhile: Lucky. *is still fanning her tongue but the burning persists*
oshit
That's gonna be there for a few days
ponies
Ponies
noteworthy your right but the interest i have are very strange i know many thing in different field of edducation (my brain is wired to also do things to the bone and making it a instinct in my brain (for exp i have the contstnat need to cross my legs
is this what I think?
hey CCCP hows your day been
CCCP PONIES!
AttackWithHugs: You need icecream. :P
hi alexxm :D its ben good :)
YES
CCCP DARESAY YOU?
Scoot I love you
/me crash glomps CCCP
Dken2021_::D!!!
Dat1FuglyMuffin: lol
/me glomps alexxm back
this is slightly creepy
what song is this
Luna :3
as an animatic I can't stop watching this
/me wants a link to that vid, BADLY!
Meanwhile: *finds a box of Breyer's chocolate ice cream and eats it*
oo hi CCCP
oh yes, i remember this
hai Airpuff :3
alexxm, it's from Hocus Pocus
:9
thanks CrimsonPhoenix
CCCP: hey, remember me?
Did anyone try to sing this song when this movie came on?
also heres the big show stopper of asburgers (i have my brain wired also to not be able to tell if any one is ingrossed iin the conversation and or bored
hi Airpuff
but this song specifically is a fan extended version
hi cyc Im not sure
Hi MahBoi777 :P How are ya?
so anything i say can come off as incenstive and down right rude
cyhi MahBoi777
we were in the same chat a few days ago :P
AttackWithHugs: Ice cream is best cream.
this is a camling PMV
hey CCCP!
well it takes the right person to understand and not be offended
Shaving cream is best cream
cyc: oh yeah i kind of do
Nah, just kidding.
What is this :O
cyc: did you have the same name?
Airpuff: I'm doing good, how are you?
AgentKalim: :D
MahBoi777: quite alright really.. nothing special :P
Meanwhile: Yes. I don't care for sour cream. In fact, I dislike it. No taste whatsoever. Ginger root has more taste, even though it's spicy
however i have made amzaing 2 friends who i think will be with me till the death
i really like this video
this seems slighty sinister
whats the name of this one? and i had a diffrent one, but changead and joined again
Airpuff: well that's good
Airpuff: howdy! how are you today?
It's only an animatic and it makes me shiver
Airpuff: wait, you just answered that...XD
00,03MOOD SHIFT!
Sylandest: alright :D Nothing special
whats the name???
Sylandest: yeap i did :P
how mood shifty is it?
that made me feel
Wow.
see those are your friends who share similarities and thats what every person needs
AttackWithHugs: Ikr.
Scoot-Scootaloo: What'cha planning now?
those 2 friends are i think what keeps from the brink of insantiy (no human communaction after yrs can drive a person insane)
all those feels
oh that kind of mood shft
what was the name of the last video????
XD
11,01Scoot-Scootaloo shift!
Oh god
As anyone here seen Pinkielicious?
Sylandest: i didnt ask how your day has been right? :D
POW
Scoot-Scootaloo: name of the last PMV please!
XD
i have CrimsonPhoenix
...
What.
Meanwhile: Sour cream. should be No-Taste Cream
MadSurge, it's Children of the night
YEAH YEAH YEAH
animatic
COLLATERAL
MLG1337ness
This dude is having an orgasm over killing someone. Issues, much?
Hax.
xD
my dad has this game
Airpuff: nnope! And my day's going good, lol. Just resting after a good run in the sun
Y thanks CrimsonPhoenix!
XXXXXXXXDDDD
WHAT IS THE NAME OF THE LAST VIDEO?
and hell i have heard from interviews with tara strong that mom say she brings hopes to them
AttackWithHugs: who wouldn't?
AttackWithHugs: i dont see any issues with that :D
Children of the night
:D
AttackWithHugs: regular cream with cake though. mmmm.
ok thank you
Sylandest: Sounds neat :P
He's not killing anyone. It's just a bunch of pixels.
my dad has this game
:O :O :O
Airpuff: I don't either but this is taking it a little too far.
Airpuff: if by neat you mean tiring, then yes :D
cyc: i wish i knew
AttackWithHugs just like all the little kids who aren't suppose to play
XD
AttackWithHugs: xD
MahBoi777: possibly
my dad has this game
Sylandest: Tireing? :D
this game looks intriguing
Lazy :P
Sylandest: XD
not tourette i take it Bro team
O.o
it's like if Yipes played FPSs
Dken2021_: And they wonder where kids learn to cuss.
Airpuff: am not! I ran 3 miles! thats a lot!
Name of vid?
xD
11,01He's playing on easy.
mean
11,01XD
Sylandest: Ah okei then.. mildly lazy :D
pew pew pew
Meanwhile: Yes...I've had ice cream and cake. Delicious
XD
this guy needs to calm down
Airpuff: oh, come on! *a la sweetie belle*
this guy has some issues :P
Incorrect tommygun usuage
I love these dynamic death shot
AttackWithHugs: Best way to eat cake.
Sylandest: Nope :P
11,01XD
I want to make cake :(
._.
This is an angry angry man.
mmmm, Ice cream cake *drools*
XD
Meanwhile: I LOVE pound cake
CCCP: Then make a cake? o.o
nut i have no cake :<
he seems nice
Airpuff: :P
/me gives CCCP cake
but*
11,01And this is the demo.
Thanks Scoots
XD
no its fluttershy if she played COD a bit too much
meanwhile: correct you are
what is this game?
{D
:D
KNEEL
Meanwhile: This man is probably doing things to himself while he's playing and getting off on it.
Sylandest: Still though, havent talked to ya in a while, Whath have you been up to? :o
This guy makes me look positively happy and tame.
AttackWithHugs: I'd rather be thinking about delicious cake.
Airpuff: i don't have the correct ingredients
this guy needs to play Future Soldier...
I shouldn't be drinking while watching this
one bullit is enough to blow up the MOTOR of a car? i highly doubt that
BOOM HEADSHOT
alexxm: yay
CCCP: awe... :(
he makes me look like celestia
XD
METH.
that was hilarious
This again?
oh this again?
THIS YES THIS
Meanwhile: Yes, let's think about cake and holy fuck that blood
:O
EAR RAPE ALERT
HOLY CRAP BEST SHOT HOLY CRAP WOAH SHIT
100% SKILLSHOT
glkaduifjkldsal;sadmg
dfdkogjmfklsgm,\ZSC
AttackWithHugs: It went everywheeeeeeere
prepare your speekers
That was the sort of person that makes me not want to play multiplayer of anything
O.O
the dubstep hurts my brain
100% SKILL
FairysHuff: Ikr
No such earrape dubstep!!!
wubwubwubwubwubwubwub
Meanwhile: All over the ground and camera
Airpuff: well, I've had work the past 3 days, so I've been hella busy. I've also been doing writing work, as well as putting up with family too, hehe. How about yourself?
diddutz|buck-yeah on the game you strap c4 to the front of the engine and thats what he shot.
and im considered by my docs to be either a socipath or a pysho (due to the yrs of insecurity built up and im nealry a mute)
11,01MLG horseshoes.
Seems legit...
Got a black magic woman
dis song
AttackWithHugs: Eeeeeveeeeerywheeeeere
Blak majik woman
Pony Anthology~
Sylandest: Quite little acctually.. just some working at home, and at an arrangement in town :P
o3o
Major league ponies
Please don't be english
she just stands out there and digs with her hoof. like wtf is she digging in our dirt for?
Please don't be english
Meanwhile: blood spatter on ALL the things!
fetta cheeta
00,03If you haven't lost your sanity already...
fuck not numa numa ok numa PINKIE IS SWWEET
Numa Numa
this aint the good version
inb4 English
AttackWithHugs: Spoil ALL the sidewalks!
Allegro! Allegro!﻿
It's english. Fml.
Mother of God....
XD
Scoot-Scootaloo: You mean I had one to start with o3o
Hi, Good afternoon everyone
Meanwhile: Dye EVERYTHING red!
Knew it.
wow this is quite horrible
EggWhite: That's not a safe way to ignite C4 but those videogame characters are mostly adrenaline junkies anyway...
Oh ffs
Scoot-Scootaloo: I wasn't born with sanity so I'm loving it so far ^_^
you be the man who bring the fetta cheetah
/me 11,01dies Meanwhile
weell here is one exp of near instanty i see the weirdest things i cant even explain them
The English... It hurts...
oh plz i lost my sanity when i saw my first sonic rainboom
Rarity :D
11,02http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/117/103/tumblr_l8eexgsw341qa1id2o1_500.jpg
/me ded.
The only good english version of this is the Terezi version.
SuperBrony64: O_O
hai SuperBrony64
lol dat SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64: O U
my internet derped
O hai SuperBrony64 :3
SuperBrony64: :D
rio have you tried reading books about socializing?
i have seen my self from a perspective in the 3rd person now tell me thats not fukcing creepy
/me revives Meanwhile
Airpuff: oh, is that so? what kind of work?
/me alive.
I like PMV's :)
11,01Hi SuperBrony64
FACTOID GAME: Can someone tell me the origin of the song. (Name, Artist and Nationality)
Brb dinner!
11,02Hai ^-^
DINNER
yes and i have tried social classes all failures
howdy, SuperBrony64!
AttackWithHugs: EVERYTHING red? :c
CrimsonPhoenix: O-Zone, I think they're Romanian or something.
not sure if seeing myself in third person would be cool or creepy
Dat SuperBrony64.
hey SuperBrony64 hows your day been
aloe... alooooeeeee
and then voice
creepy trust me
You will sing this!
Meanwhile: EVERYTHING red! c:
11,01Hi Scoot-Scootaloo.
AgentKalim, can you tell me the name of the song?
11,02My day has been cool :3
no SuperBrony64, I will not bow down to your cow overlords
i think someone should make a full PMV with black magic woman
hi Mods
Sylandest: Well, generally cleaning up and gardening at home, while the arrangement was something my band was working with.. like a full day's work setting up and cleanin up :$
and I believe they're german
11,02Oh okie :<
CrimsonPhoenix: Dragostea din Tei
OGOD
And they're NOT german
IT'S LIKE SOMEONE'S STRANGLING ME
AgentKalim, you won my respect
AttackWithHugs: But I like blue better.
sonic rainboom yay
hello disembodied voice
Hai guys
Airpuff: ahhh, i see. It sounds like you've had your hooves full indeed! Now you can rest some, hopefully, like I am! :D
dat Pinkie
hello EpicPwnTime3 :D
AgentKalim, now that is somthing I'm learning
It's not German
hi EpicPwnTime3
hey EpicPwnTime3 hows your day been
11,02Hai EpicPwnTime3 :3
Meanwhile: Then blue you shall have! *suddenly aliens with blue blood explode EVERYWHERE*
AgentKalim is it koren
Sylandest: yeah.. :P You lazy :D
It's Romanian
It's Numa language
Airpuff: oi! XD
rio like I said, it helps not to overthink things
also well this probely should never be mentioned i also think i see the fucking future but then again that may be the insanity sinking
ay hi to me SuperBreony64, Please :3
thanks AgentKalim
a language of its own
SuperBrony64*
sounds like Caboose
AttackWithHugs: *side steps bluesplosions* Well. Now it definitely looks more mellow around here.
Hello people! :)
i think someone should make a full PMV with black magic woman
XD
Hello, kempa
hey kempa
hey kempa hows your day been
but it's german
WRONG
You Japanese and your crazy Korean romanian...
What?
IT'S NOT JAPANESE, OR KOREAN OR GERMAN
o3o
YAAAAY
:D
Okay
:D
ah fuck
HEEEYAAAYAYAYYAYAYAA
YES
HEYEYEYEYEYEEA
It's Numa language
oh god no
:|
Not playing the intro?
HEEYAYAYAYA
Why?
HEYAYAYAYA
heyeyeyeeyeyaaa
Meanwhile: Yes, it also needs some pink. *sprays pink some places*
anything but this guy
HEEYEEEYAYAYA
:DDD
oh god kill me
HEYYAYYYAYYYEAHYEAH
who is stramer now?
I say WHAT'S GOIN ON?
AttackWithHugs: Awesomesauce.
WHAT'S GOIN AWN
I CAN SING THIS< THANK YOU
WHY WON'T YOU PLAY THE ONE WITH THE INTRO
u rly wanna sing THAT scoot?
Dat high note.
*Pauses stream*
and so i wake in the morning and I step outside
whats goin on?
:D
its so painful yet so awesome :D
diddutz|buck-yeah: who doesnt?
I could not hit that note if I tried.
:this si horroble....
ok i like the song but not he man anypony i'll pick
FairysHuff: aye..im just gonna...go over here...*goes to kitchen for noms*
11,01What's Scoot-Scootaloo on?
ACS13123: me.
Meanwhile: Hay, that's my word! *hits with a pillow*
Nittany_Discord: Lemon pledge
11,01I say hey.
11,01What's Scoot-Scootaloo on?
11,02Hai ACS13123 :3
http://pastebin.com/AztsZ93E For andyone who wants it.
Scoot-Scootalooitus
FairysHuff: .. your name.. feels so alike mine somehow :o
Nittany_Discord what ever it is i want to try it
11,01Lemon Pledge is my drug.
AttackWithHugs: *blinks* My bad, überbiscuits.
What's going on
I say HEYAYAYAYA
whats goin on?!
Nittany_Discord: Um....Chicken?
HEYAAYAYAYAYAYAY
11,01What's Scoot-Scootaloo on?
Nittany_Discord: i wub you
Hi everyone!
I say HEY
Meanwhile: much better :3
Who is singing?
What's going on
howdy Reikim
Hi, Reikim
god damnit more fucking creepy as hell images in my brain
hai Reikim
ACS13123: I would hum to it bat won't go further...
hi Reikim
AttackWithHugs: Wait what kind of pillow was that? >.>
and he tries
I say HEY
hey Reikim hows your day been
Is Scoot-Scootaloo singing?
Hey reikim
11,01I say hey. What's Scoot-Scootaloo on?
Airpuff: Well it used to be Fairypuff, then fairy fluff, then fairys muff. ^_^
11,02Nittany_Discord: i wub u o______o
hey Reikim
I try all the time.. to sing along
This song with Nicolas Cage Losing His Shit
SuperBrony64: o_O
/me 11,01hugs SuperBrony64 <3
Meanwhile: A regular pillow. Not the ones you were thinking of XP
In this institution
and he prays
FairysHuff: must be the uff part on the end that makes it alike :D
05NYAH!
MYAAA!!
nyah
mya
AND HE PRAZE
I just finished watching the finale for Korra. SO DAMN GOOD
MYAH
/me hugs Nittany_Discord back
FairysHuff: all the fairy names? :D
Revoluciooooon
^_^ Scoot is singing
MYAH
ello Wrek
11,01Quicksilver: That's Lux Aeterna
AttackWithHugs: Ah. Shame. :P
wouldnt hug me i may interpert as a fatal stab to my heart
dang it scoots, I'm drinking
heyyayasyyaa
Reikim any news on if its getting a 2nd season
Sylandest: I've finally settled on this one. I like the mental image it conjures.
Don't cry out loud
/me sing-along
meanwhile in the kitchen.....
05Nittany_Discord: hes on a mix of steroids and aphrodisiac
Dat scoot mess up o3o
just keep it inside
and learn how to hide
FairysHuff: it seems to suit you :)
Meanwhile: Well I can't detach the other ones. They're too natural and that wouldn't be good with blood everywhere
alexxm: Oh yes. That's a definite yes.
your feelings
/me 11,01fatally stabs rio in the heart
well great i see my self in 3rd person again *sih*
11,01Is that a hug?
chef is best singer
but again
Sylandest: Thankyou ^_^
11,01Wrek: I guess.
not playing this with the intro?
Reikim who would be the bad guy then
Now is time for CAEK
Can I have a hug Nitt o3o
why?
/me cuddles FairysHuff
derpyyy
AttackWithHugs: True, don't do that. It'd be bad.
Scoot-Scootaloo, you're crazy. I like it.
o derpy
Meanwhile: didnt mean u silly filly :3
alexxm: Who knows? Anyway, it's confirmed that there's at least another 13 episodes in production.
You guys're twats.
do I smell a winter?
Sylandest: *Settles in and enjoys said cuddles* Mmm soft ^_^
i rember when this was streamed here
winter wrap up!!!!!!! :)
Every day I'm wrapping up winter.
11,01.
ohai FairysHuff! how are you?
shy winter wrap up
young neil?
He is little bit out of rhythm :D
Meanwhile: I don't plan on it. I like them, even though it's sometimes hard for me to find some nice ones in my size
11,01Am I not crazy enough?
Reikim how about have koh the face stealer be the big bad
Its 100 degrees outside and I'm out with a snow jacket
12YOU ARE LATE
comeone get back into the step of it
:P Thats alright, Scoot, I havent memorized the words either
thank you guys, just thanks
Failing winter wrap-up?
oh the other scoots
MahBoi777: I'm getting tired and a lil lonely ^_^ You?
Winter crap-up winter crap-up
killing the song...
Scoot I'm ashamed
not fail just a bit fluttershy
Oh you have no idea how hard a song can be killed
Dat1FuglyMuffin: Um...you sure you don't wanna take the coat off? You'll dehydrate yourself and that's not good
FairysHuff: awwwww, I'm doing fine thanks for askin
11,01Scoot-Scootaloo Wrap-Up. Scoot-Scootaloo Wrap-Up.
hi
u have no idea how eaily u can be killed
lali-ho glennglog22
play the video with Derpy and the lava lamp :$
I could link to the "best" version of Find a Pet, but I don't want to piss off mods like the last time. :P
hey glennglog22 hows your day been
woah what hte fuck did i just type
good
AttackWithHugs: MUST WRAPUP WINTER
:D I gotta go for a bit - I'll be back soon
now thats MLG pro
Scoot-Scootaloo: Sing Cold Play!
:D :D lawl
rio: the quote from absolutely nothing o3o
winter rapper?
AttackWithHugs: Still. ^^
CrimsonPhoenix: :o
winter-Rap-up?
Dat1FuglyMuffin: In 100-degree weather? Winter's done and gooone...since 3 months ago
Hi all
its summer....
well that was....
Winter rappa
Scoot-Scootaloo: Is that the special scoot scoot remix :3
Anyone want to play co-op Dungeon Defenders or something else on Steam?
lali-ho Jackie
well that came out of nowehre
Scoot sing the CMC theme song
Meanwhile: *boops with a body pillow* out the gutter, sir :)
hey Jackie hows your day been
I KNOW YOU CAN DO IT
Holla, everypony! :)
@scoot-scootaloo: try doing michal jackson's song called beat it
winter rapper winter rappar cuz tomorrow is spring yo!
AttackWithHugs: I used a snow machine. What now, *****?
hi GilDash <3
How about the cutie mark crusaders theme song?
hi GilDash
Thanks all of you, it's good
Hello, GilDash
awww derpy
AttackWithHugs: *blinks.* Ok, I'm good. Mind is gentlemanly.
hey GilDash hows your day been
you better have recorded that, someone? anyone?
Guess not
Reikim how about have koh the face stealer be the big bad
he doesn't sing good, but it does with heart
or not
Allo GilDash.
Oo hai GilDash :P
we did that one...
howdy, GilDash!
oh there we go
alexxm: Maybe. I think they'll come up with something new, though.
/me hugs you all. :)
just eat it
Dat1FuglyMuffin: take the winter coat off. you'll burn up. not a good feeling'
/me hugs GilDash back :)
Hi Gillysuit
CAn you change your account name in Minecraft?
Meanwhile: Good. *hugs from behind*
/me hugs GilDash hows your day been
oo Om is here too..
Om: Hello, ommy. ;)
dken2021 is that a challenge?
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEAH
nice
Thriller would have been better
BEST SONG
Airpuff: I am
MEEERRICA FUCK YEAH
Scoot-Scootaloo: you should do a scoot scoot remix of This Day aria :3
MURRIKA
GilDash: Hi :)
lol
Om: i didnt see you! You gotta talk more :P
Irish_Pony: Hello. :)
GilDash: Have fun at work
MURRICA
AttackWithHugs: *awkward over-shoulder return hug.*
Airpuff: He hides in the shadows. Didn't you know? :D
murrica
spike is terriost now?
EQUESTRIA FUCK YEAH
Airpuff: I was napping :S
Master-Derpy one spoon, cinnamon, do it
Om: Of course not. :D
11,01Scoot-Scootaloo. Fuck Yeah!
GilDash: well i do know.. somehow.
GilDash: Shamw
Om: you were? o.o Did you sleep well then?
Airpuff: I blame Ninjazz. :D
Duke Nukem's Theme Song?
GilDash Oh why?
FUCK YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Airpuff: nah, just listening to the beatiful singing
well lets see what else do whave dubstep FUCK YERAH
cuz im the presiden
*Cuddles chat* ~_~
/me hugs Meanwhile happily
lol
/me hugs FairysHuff
@scoot-scootaloo: after this. do that song: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMWi7CLoZ2Q
/me cuddles FairysHuff back :)
Books!
/me hugs FairysHuff hows your day been
sportsmanship MY ASS XD
/me hugs FairysHuff back o3o
Om: what.. beautiful singing.. while you were asleep? :D
Airpuff: Ninja. Self explanatory. :D
/me hugs AttackWithHugs back.
/me cuddles FairysHuff
Republicans! Hell no!
MERRIKA
GilDash: .. hmpf.. true :P
alexxm: Fine. I'm just getting tired, cranky and lonely now ^_^ I need me loves
Airpuff: I wasn't asleep, I was resting
/me noms on dken2012_ spoon of cinnamon
YES
yAY
yay :D
oh this
i love this!
the dubstep
Om: omg you said napping! :D
hi ofna01
Scoot-Scootaloo: *cough cough Fallen Kingdom cough cough*
alexxm >dubstep
/me watches the chat while still hugging Meanwhile
Airpuff: So >_<
Fallen Kingdom is slightly better then this
facepalm.jpg
/me hugs ofna01
I call hax
but this is my fav
creep oh man tso way back in the mine got our pic axe swinging fomr isde to side this task a grueling one hope to ifnd osme diamonds to night diamonds ton ight
Om: .. napping.. is.. sleeping!
Those diamonds are above level 16 o3o
damn music goes way too fast
Hello everyone!
Airpuff: I know what I was doing!
i derped Dken2021
Scoot-Scootaloo, the newest brony popstar
/me watches chat while hugging AttackWithHugs.
Anyone feel like playing a game on steam with me?
now just do fallen kingdom and instant WIN
fairyshuff tf2?
and run run until its done done until the sun comes up in the morn,cuz baby tonight,the creeper is trying to steal all our stuff again
I still hate creepers.
Hey Scoot-Scootalo, sing seaponies please?
Om: Then why did you use "napping"? :'(
BLOWS P
2Helloo :3
1 up
Master-Derpy: Nah. Something relaxing. Like worms.
Half a heart is left but dont die die dei, die d die die
i never think im safe (could be another sign of the closes thing to insanity)
Airpuff: He's just messing with you. ;)
Airpuff: I don't know >_e
lol teh sea ponies
GilDash: Hmpf, i thought it was the other way :D
hello guys
Om: Hahaha i see :P
coause the creeprsa trying t ah fuck it :|
Minecraft is overrated :3
hai Freefall29
Hi Freefall29
grab your pick shovel and bolt again,and run run until its done done until the sun comes up in the morn
Airpuff: Well, I can start if you really want. ;)
Well Ima go take a shower brb
Hi, Freefall29
hey Freefall29 hows your day been
GilDash: start what? :$
Freefall29: Holla! :)
rio: i think there is fallen kingdom in scoots playlist so look out for it
hi Freefall29
11,01Up until the Scoot-Scootaloo comes up in the morning.
ah. playing minecraft music videos... you had nothing else to play?
Inb4 bacon time
wait... you need a pick to craft? how do you craft the wooden ppick then...
Airpuff: A race!
and my blades gonna tear through you. BRING IT!
hi
PICK CEPTION]
11,01But it is bacon time.
ACS13123 with your hands!
TAKE YOUR REVENGE!
Airpuff: Run like the wind!
diamond i would not trust diamond with my life i would trust dark matter bitchs (NEVER LET IT TOUCH MATTER)
woo
GilDash: :D
ACS13123 your bloody hands!
TONIIIIIGHT
what song is this?
GilDash: wat.. xD
hay bacon stripes?
Meanwhile: Bacon? I love bacon, especially if it's in salad!
OWN TEH CREEPERS!
Fortunately for you all, I have dinner now. :)
Dken2021_ Thats so oneydew though :/
Thats me fighting creepers
kill all the creepers
DED
WOOOOOO
GilDash|AFK: Enjoy dinner. :P
:D
woooo
...
i did this once to pump up for a fight (had to learn how to some how) i won but i nearly parilized the kid
YAY
FALLEN KINGDOM
ds seaponies?
AttackWithHugs: Eh, I don't mind bacon. It's alright. Best in fry up breakfast.
SHOO BE DOO
next?
SEA PONIES
SHOO BEE DOO SHOO SHOO BEE DOo
yay
Shoo Be Doo
but we like it...
Yyyes
Call upon the sea ponies when you're in distress~
:O
YESSSS
Play it
Helpful as can be ponies simply signal S.O.S
Scoot-Scootaloo: then Fallen Kingdom? o3o
Lyrics: Shoo be do, shub shoo be do
sea ponies?! but this isnt a Sumica stream
Scoot-Scootaloo: do Fallen Kingdom next
;D
If you find you're cast adrift, and haven't got an oar. (OAR)
Meanwhile: I like bacon after it's been in the fridge for about 2 hours. A little softer than fresh but still good. More flavor
the g1 g2 and probely g3
11,01Call upon the Scoot-Scootaloo, when you're in distress.
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
Call upon the seaponies they'll see you to shore~
shoo be doo
SHOOO BE DOOOOO
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo
why are we playing older ponys?
11,01Call upon the Scoot-Scootaloo, when you're in distress.
No not at the library :D
Shoo be do shub shoo be do
scoot taloo scoot scoot taloo!
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
weell this BIG LIPPER ALLIGATOR MONET
:D
Freefall29 why not? it's ponies correct?
HI everyone
11,01Fail Scoots.
AttackWithHugs: Ah I like bacon crispy. :3
lali-ho TheHoodyNinja
hey TheHoodyNinja
hey TheHoodyNinja hows your day been
alexxm: great
CHANGELINGS
asshole mermaids trying to drown them
hello TheHoodyNinja
THEY ARE EVERYWHERE
lol sea ponies in season 3 xD
inb4 bubble pops
Dken2021_: lets just say I have a bit of a dislike anything that isnt mlp:fim. thats just me
noteworthy, that's my wish
Season 3 needs ALL the sea ponies
*Moopy has joined chat* morning everypony
how many of these things are there
Mornin Moopy
If seaponies appear in season 3 my head will blow up,
good news: i am going home on the 1st, after that i may resume my regularly scheduled randomness
hey xxMoopyxx you sleep well
evening xxMoopyxx
Fallen Kingdom bitcheeees
TheHoodyNinja: that's great
hi xxMoopyxx
xxMoopyxx: ello
Meanwhile: It depends on what I feel like. I do tear up a head of lettuce in about 1 to 3 days
thats what we said when we wanted to hear derpy
I like some baconsand apples
11,01It's Scoot-Scootaloo and Applejack!
Hey guys not much
MahBoi777: YOU NEVER CARED BEFORE!
and great finally snapped back into 1st person (i think i have a slight tiny bit of server insanity)
Erm
TheHoodyNinja: I didn't?
So whats going on?
hey ofna01
MahBoi!
AttackWithHugs: Don't like salad as a main thing. On the side preferably.
We Demand a album of Scoot-Scootaloo singing
ofna01: how are you?
im good
(anyone who just joined and is like 1st person im the tettering on th edge of insanity is all you need to know
/me noms Philly Cheese Steak
good lol
Scoot-Scootaloo:, don't try to match their pitch, just harmonize
wheres Deathstar when you need her
wat
Hang on a minute
Scoot
Meanwhile: I'll eat salad for dinner sometimes. Weird, I eat unheathy stuff sometimes but if you leave a head of lettuce in the house it'll be halfway gone by the end of the day
TheHoodyNinja: she usually gets on much later
back
Scoot-Scootaloo: Y U NO PLAY FALLEN KINGDOM!?
Scoot-Scootaloo: :s
MahBoi777: I know it sucks :(
Sea Ponies NEED to be in Season 3
cause people try to sing the songs thats why they exist
Scoot why no CMC Theme
TheHoodyNinja: yea:S
CCCP I pay good money for that
Stream needs more Sengoku Basara. :|
CCCP: all i want is a Scootaloo ep
Dken2021_: me too :D
*Moopy has rejoined chat* there we go
@scoot-scootaloo: after this song. play this one! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMWi7CLoZ2Q
i'm still not seeing what's so great about seaponies. lol
TheHoodyNinja: that would be great
AttackWithHugs: Eh, every so often I'll just eat raw onion. No reason why. :I
Freefall29: It's an ironic thing
seaponies are like more legit than alicorns
woah holy fuck wierdest illusion i have seen yet (a exact clone of me)
Meanwhile: I do the same thing! And so does my dad, but he eats his on hotdogs. I eat raw onion at random
ponies in the sea, what more cud u ask for
AttackWithHugs: :D /)
Turn me on, dead man.
AttackWithHugs: ... wat
Meanwhile: It smells and makes you cry and has a kick but it is delicious (\
I should go back to nap/resting I don't care what you say Airpuff!
Man, I love raw onion. :P
or spike having a song
O_o
im still wondering how i have not completly snapped and went off the deep end
Airpuff: Raw onions and the eating of them
if there will be seaponies in season 3, I expect a great daniel ingram arrangement
Om: Its not a nap if you dont sleep!!!
onions have that taste that make a sandvich better
is he singing at this?
Dken2021_: Of course.
In season 3 there should be an episode where Trixie comes back :D cause well all wub trixe! :D
AttackWithHugs: ... oh god why.. :d
Om: nap without getting sleep
We can here you singing
CCCP: well they did make a reference to trixie in season 2.
Celestia damn it i hate libraries
Airpuff: Because it's delicious. Plus they'll make you more long-winded
Freefall29: when?
CCCP: i know i wub trixie!
twilight_sprinkle: /) :D
i get lost in my lonlieness a bit much too (i have different personalities i talk) my god how far am i away from absoulute crazy
AttackWithHugs: more.. long minded? 6_9
Airpuff: Because raw onion is nice. :3
CCCP: (\
CCCP: that episode with the newspaper
Airpuff: Like I said, dont care :P
Meanwhile: never!
Airpuff: :I
now that we saw vinyl's eyes, she must speak now! :D
Om: Well i care that you dont care, so start careing instead of not careing! :D
Freefall29: oh.. i'll rewatch the episode :)
CCCP: the CMC made a tiny mention of her in that episode in their newspaper. it was read by twilight sparkle
Airpuff: Long-winded=sing longer which is good if you enjoy singing
Airpuff: Make me
Freefall29: oh
damnit DDO takes forever to update
vrum
AttackWithHugs: really it does that? o.o
noteworthy we have seen lots of ponies eyes and they dont speak (yet)
:1
http://www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php?mode=medium&illust_id=24598472
Om: Well.. Sure.
yay
Japan is catching on
yeah. i was happy when lyra spoke lol\
then she died
CrimsonPhoenix I'm scared
Airpuff: Yep. I didn't find that out until my mom told me when I was eaing a piece of raw onion in front of her
:C
I didnt even notice lyra speak :p
the wedding special i think
CrimsonPhoenix: oh mah gawd
lyra spoke.. when?
Airpuff: >_> you cant do et, you are to weak!
AttackWithHugs: lul :D
on the season finale
Om: really? :3
Freefall29: season 2 finale
http://www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php?mode=medium&illust_id=24598403
she commented on evil cadence's dress
Airpuff: Yes.
God damn Japan is glorious
AttackWithHugs: eat ALL the onions.
HEY EVERYPONY! :)
Airpuff: I don't do it often.
hi Ponies47 :D
Meanwhile: ALL the onions?
yeah she spoke after canbitch told rairity to change the dress
hello everyone
hey ya Ponies47
Hey dude when thats over look up stone pilotes plush its a really good song
hai Ponies47
I was too excited about Vinyl to care
hi OneTrickPony|music :)
AttackWithHugs: ALL the onions c:
o hai Ponies47
Om: sure... you keep believing that ;)
ohgawd
hello CCCP
OHCOMEON.JPG
hey OneTrickPony|music! how are you?
Scoot-Scootaloo Stream?
Airpuff: I will, cuse you are >_>
In season 3 there should be an episode where they meet a brony
Eeyup
MahBoi777: good how bout you?
you have the lyrics but not the rythm
CCCP
http://www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php?mode=medium&illust_id=27269748 Be afraid
Meanwhile: *eats an onion piece by piece with toothpaste and mouthwash on the side*
ofna01: ?
hai OneTrickPony|music
Meet the Brony
OneTrickPony|music: I'm doin great
dem lyrics
Om: yah, of course :P
CCCP i say thats a bad idea!
hello Dken2021_
Dat1FuglyMuffin: awww
ofna01: *cue TF2 theme*
CrimsonPhoenix: Sweet Molestia...
i have all the lyrics of most TV shows memorized but i never (sing them worst singer evah)
Airpuff: See even you agree with me!
AttackWithHugs: Good thinking. ^^
dun dun dun dundundun
Or an episode in season 3 where Rainbow dash goes on 4chan
hey OneTrickPony|Music hows your day been
CCCP: I know, I thought of it too... But then I thought about his comunity
Wasnt meet the Pyro supposed to come out today?
*This
Meanwhile: Of course. Always come prepared
WAT
NO
alexxm: good
why is the library crowded today, i cant listen to Scoots bueatiful voice
CCCP: that episode would be both horrifyingly offensive and funny at the same time
NOT THIS
Om: ... yeah.. ;)
JB?
oh god..
wtf?
Freefall29: ikr!
ITS JB
FUUUUU
ah pbj sandbitch
yay!
-puts gun to mouth-
lol jk
TheHoodyNinja i suggest investing in headphones
noteworthy: tag out lol
Airpuff: No need to use that face just cuse you loseing
lol :D
BIEBEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRR
XD
/me Brain explodes
MMMMMMM
*already has a gun pointed at self* (insane people always beat you to the punch)
Look up stone pilotes plush good song
/me covers her ears
Dan vs Justin Bieber
why dont you play one direction next
losing what Om ? :P
Who is singing?
who's streaming?
oh my God, he actually sounds like a guy sort of! I'm so proud of him.
i do not approve of this music
/me naws on a gun barrel :3
That doesn't mean I like his music though.
Om: i must say im winning... :$
alexxm: lets facer, hes done worse
what the hell is on this stream?
i thought we were supossed to be watcihng FALLEN KINGDOM >:C
lets face it*
who is this?
Airpuff: Thats what they all say
Whenever I see him on stage I think "That should be me"
Scoot-Scootaloo: FALLEN KINGDOM PLZ PL0x
/me shoots himself in the foot
dat youtube video screens
Apparently I should be glad my stream is on mute.
who is this singing?
Scoot-Scootaloo, do you have any Studio Killers?
its JB
Om: sure, beacuse i've been keeping you away from your relaxation for quite the amount of time now ;)
jb..
ofna01: you're kidding right.
no
Meanwhile: BE VERY GLAD
Airpuff: How do you know.
*already been shot friend* (hurts like a mother fucker)
AttackWithHugs: >_> Ok.
Happy Happy Joy Joy
it took him two years for his voice to drop. finally
/me pulls JB through his screen and starts punching him in the face
SHUT UP
Meanwhile: It's Justin Bieber. Keep your stream on mute for the time being
Om: Well, you're still typing so. I just assume you are sitting by your computer, unless you are napping, and dwriting in your sleep? :
I hate JB only because hes auto tuned
SCOOOOOOT
ofna01: hey! save a swing for me
12So who watched madagascar 3
thats should be me hmmmmmmmmmmmm (trixie anypony)
ofna01: don't hit girls man
AttackWithHugs: Ah, thank god for coincidental mute then. :D
JHAAHHA
celestia please banish jb to the moon
good one MahBoi
why are we listening to this again?
Airpuff: Like a baws
Meanwhile: I'm bearing through it by reading the chat
2Not me :D
:D
/me 2has not seen any of them
Om: you're always a baws XD
noteworthy: why torture luna like that
AttackWithHugs: You'd bear easier without listening. :P
is anybodyelse noticing the Flutterdash on the stream?
Hm
noteworthy: or just turn him to stone like discord
Om: ahahahhaha. I bow before your talents then :P
Sylandest1: Yeay!
Hey again everyone
Do you understand that song?
hi Reikim
TheHoodyNinjuh Not until now...
hello again, Reikim
hey again Reikim
Airpuff: Das right you do.
Meanwhile: Now it's something different. don't know the song though
12this one was alright but they ripped off a scene from chicken run so much LOL
well your right there stone would be better
i think typing might be the one thing keeping me sane (for all i know i could be typing on a dea dcomputer to imaginary people)
ello Reikim
12at least to me they did
just something
hey hey dejar de usar traductor Google
what if JB is a brony.... scary.
Airpuff, Om: Guys get a room. ;)
Om: ahahaha
funny that chicken run and madagascar 3 were produced by the same studios :'D
hi Reikim
GilDash|AFK: :D
Freefall29: he is
12still
GilDash|AFK: XD
GilDash|AFK: e__e
12new material plz
if jb shows up at bronycon...
GilDash: How was dinner? :P
GilDash: perfect timing with that one
If I have to say that, something's wrong. :D
Freefall29: Ill finally have a justifiable reason for killing him
GilDash: indeed...
you're asking for new material in a movie
have not listen to this song in a long time
Sylandest1: indeed :D
Sylandest1: But of course. :)
that hasn't happened in decades
/me runs
AttackWithHugs: Well, best be on the safe side.
i will hack the screen in times square and play GTFO JB
12I'm asking for not obvious scenes LOL
Meanwhile: It's not JB.
I know
Back :P
Rock Lobster!!
Airpuff: Dinner was fine, thank you. :)
JB?
12Well it was just my opinion anyways
I'm being obnoxious
Oh wrong song
Meanwhile: It's a catchy song
oh bieber
12but overall good movie
GilDash: Good to hear, what did ya have? :P
Dken2021_: jb means justin bieber
AttackWithHugs: ooh ok then.
GilDash: im eating popcorn chicken myself at the moment
Bieber Fever
Airpuff: You were right. I did lose -_-
:O
or means Jack Black
2I need to get around to at least watching the first one
Om: :$
:D
Her hoof is in her eye.
Looks like it feels good.
i want to give some one surgery
/me jumps in a barrel and rolls down a hill
brony direction.
Om: not ofthen you admit defeat.
Sylandest1: you're eating scootaloo popcorn?
and themn murder them! :D
12I was a little iffy with the "average intelligence" joke too but whatever LOL
Sylandest1: lucky
12it's not like either company owns the joke ¦3
Freefall29: No, popcorn scootaloo, theres a difference
Freefall29: maaaaybe....
noteworthy: please, no
Airpuff: There are some things that are to blaitent to ignore
TheHoodyNinjuh looks like you got barrel'd. HAHAHAHAHA.. hah.. ha.. Okay that was dumb.
Airpuff: Pizza and chips. :)
MadSurge: XD
MahBoi777: XD
gimme pizzaaaaaa
my brain is full of near insanity and im terrifired (for all i know i could have snapped yrs ago and my computer that im typing on is dead and im just completely insane
So I was talked into getting DCU online today. It's all loaded, but I can't think of a name that isn't already. Does anypony here have a suggestion for a heavily tattooed shirtless sorcerer hero with a bigass staff?
GilDash: 6_9 Lucky bastard!
/me gives Barbetos|Atwork a bucket
I'm gonna eat some marshmellows later
so chicken mixed with popcorn?
GilDash: its been ages since i had pizza
12Speaking of dreamworks I watched prince of egypt so many times a few days ago LOL
/me wears the bucket like a hat, all jaunty like
rio: that would mean we are all just figments of your imagination
12<3
maybe
Oh Pinkie,I understand you completely :D
Pizza is so wonderful. :)
mhhhhh?
Barbetos|Atwork: swag
GilDash: ... dat temptation..
:D
if thats the case WELCOME TO MY HEAD
I love that movie
the animation just
it makes me cry
RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS
AAAAAAAAAW YEAH
rio: now i'm afraid to be just a part of your complex imagination ^^
Freefall29: not italian?
2That movie was amazing
yay good music
And I was like baby, baby, baby, oh Like baby, baby, baby, no Like baby, baby, baby, oh I thought you'd always be mine, mine
It's suddenly very warm in here...
that is like the diamond of pencil animation
Airpuff: I'm sure I can make you some if you're feeling peckish. ;)
/me looks around rio's head "A little roomy in here"
12Yes, beautiful animation =)
13Never seen it
GilDash: typical question incoming: whats your favorite topping?
13D:
GilDash: :$
12Annoying when people mistake it for disney
12-_-
:D
Meanwhile: Keep your clothes on, sir.
Sylandest1: Meat feast. :)
Sylandest1: Beeeeef!!!!
Sylandest1: I like the sausage too. ;)
It was Italian back when it was bread and tomatoes
where's the beef?
Baby, baby, baby, oh Like baby, baby, baby, no Like baby, baby, baby, oh
AttackWithHugs: but it's toasty. ;n;
GilDash: :$ I'm more pepperoni myself
GilDash: suggestive sausage is suggestive :P
13The other day I also realised I've never watched Aladdin before
well i have one way to prove if real i cant make up everything all at once within secs brain is not that fast
Baby, baby, baby, oh Baby, baby, baby, oh Baby, baby, baby, oh
PIZZA is best vegetable
just because it has sausages and meatballs does not automatically make it italian
12=o
12THIS WILL CHANGE
MahBoi777: i agree
2:O
Freefall29 Oh yeah it does
Scoot-Scootalo Kareoke!!
rio: you said yourself your insane
Sylandest1: That *is* a type of sausage, Sylly. ;)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=2veBOnIS3sY
im sure people would say mcdonalds is a vegitable here too!
this right here
i did but i pray to god im not
Sylandest1: likes sausage too :$
this is like crack for animator students
pencil tests
and this is one of the mostbeautiful
12Ooooh
noteworthy you mean it isn't?
Aw. No baking time.
Who wants to be a pinata?
2Those pencil tests just blew my mind
Meanwhile: Fine, take the shirt off. That's it.
11,01Fly away on my Scoot-Scootaloo
2I didn't think stuff like that was possible before
there should be a Bronystate karaoke night
yay this song
Airpuff: Just because I said it doesn't mean it's... sorry, I can't finish that with a straight face. :D
the thing is half of these songs i have never heard
/me nods his head bck and forth
GilDash: Ahahaha
I hate karaoke.
noteworthy: mcdonalds is a meat. it comes with many other names like diabetes on a bun or even death on a bun.
well idk lol and OmG RISE AGAINST :)
TheHoodyNinjuh what song is this
like, wen you see pencil tests, it makes it even harder to believe it was animated lol
:P
alexxm: no reason?
12<3
yes i agree
Seven a.m., waking up in the morning Gotta be fresh, gotta go downstairs Gotta have my bowl, gotta have cereal~
GilDash: acctually.. it does :P
12Eldorado
thanks TheHoodyNinjuh
12ffff <3
/me jumps on desk and sings
ROAD TO EL DORADO
I watched that ladt night
11,01C'mon Scoots. Sing this song.
/me beats a monkey with a broken tree branch
oh my gah, what have I come down into?
Seein' everything, the time is goin' Tickin' on and on, everybody's russian
so that fact with the i have never heard these songs supports very lossely that im still in the relams of reaility for a little while longer
CCCP: why does she have to spend a good 20 seconds of her morning decinding to ride shotgun or back of the car?
CCCP: O U
GilDash: o-oh, quite right...:$ I hadnt realized that, hehehe
I miss DWS pencil animation sometimes
rio how old are you?
Sylandest1: :D
16
Open window, open door, still too warm in here. >_<
Airpuff: hey, sausage is good too...but i feel like im stepping into a trap
that's why
well rio its time you listen to the magic thats called rise against
Freefall29: cause she doesn't watch ponies there for she is stupid
I hate summer.
MahBoi777: :3
who is streaming?
Sylandest1: sausage is good. Yeah :P
XD
rio: soon, though, you will slip into the world of unreasonability
12Me too :<
Sylandest1: Now, why in Equestria would you think that?
CCCP: she doesn't watch ponies? :'(
Rain: I think scoot-scootaloo is
ah
He is.
i was diagonosed with insanity at age 8
would explain it
yeah I loved PoE
Freefall29: I don't think so :'C
GilDash: er...I dont know. I blame Airpuff!
Oh gosh really rio?
who doesn't CCCP
I'm sorry
Meanwhile: Why do you hate the summer?
GilDash: Why would one not think that?! :D
yes
Airpuff: Apparently this is all your fault...
rio: the cure of inasnity is ponies.
/me hugs rio
Wait, Pinkies brain is full of sex?
GilDash: thanks. :)
El Dorado was cool too, loved it when they just twonked that priest guy
alexxm: Rebbeca Black
but hey i may just think im 16 when really im 12 for all i fucking know
Btw GilDash ... you like fishsticks? :D
Airpuff: I'll give you my thanks later. ;)
FALCON PUNCH x2!
AttackWithHugs: It's too damn hot, there's bugs everywhere, it's too damn hot, it doesn't rain enough, oh an it's too damn hot.
PEEEOOOOWWW
12Has anyone seen Brave yet?
Airpuff: mean
Airpuff: oh celestia, that joke...
:D
Airpuff: If you mean fish fingers, of course I do. :)
Meanwhile: You forgot it's too damn hot.
really, what is insanity?
Meanwhile: I take it you live in the desert?
sorry about that Meanwhile, there is only so much of me to go around
GilDash: Aww! You changed it! So close!!
CCCP when did she say that?
Airpuff: i love fishsticks
Rain: Lies. You just horde it.
Ryunosuke: its when you're crazy. I think
GilDash: you saw that one coming, didnt you? :D
not yet, but tbh I'm not really that excited by it
Rain: hoard*
I see insanity as a different way of looking at the world :)
XD
Scoot-Scootaloo: FALLEN KINGDOM
Back from my shower, what did I miss?
alexxm: well im fairly sure she doesn't
TheHoodyNinjuh: Then you're a gay fish :D
Airpuff: I don't even know what you meant, but I'm not falling for it. ;)
dat kick
AttackWithHugs: Oh, my bad. It's too damn hot.
12I'm not either but thats because >monsters university
not much Irish_Pony
/me glomps rain
GilDash: Havent you seen that episode of southpark?! :D
12but then again I hope thats not the final animation
well i guess thats good CCCP
Airpuff: I am, and this is my trusty servant Patsy
Hello everypony ^-^
12SOMETHING IS OFF
:D
2I am super excited for Brave
This song is impossible on Guitar Hero. >_<
12I dunno what
hi BroKnee
this song
TheHoodyNinjuh: are you suggesting that coconauts migrate?
Allo BroKnee.
Airpuff: I'm afraid not. :(
hey BroKnee hows your day been
hi BroKnee
This song is easy on guitar Hero ;D
12then again >teaser trailers
this song is entirely possible on a real guitar
ello BroKnee
lol try this song on the drums on guitar hero
Hello everypon3
VH =o
Looking cool is impossible on Guitar Hero.
omg so many dings :o And my day has been good alexxm ^-^ Yours?
