inb4 mindfuck
Fou_Lou: Exactly: and that is all I will contribute to this. Mark Twain was awesome. Let's talk about that.
INCOMING SCARY SHIT!
Here it comes
Meanwhile, never say never
This part......
THE scene
It was written by men far less knowledgable then us. Wether is does exist or not is moot: there is little chance the source was accurate.
Yes!
oh this.... something I remember a long time ago
Oh yeah. We saw this before.
Sataaaan.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1bb_JRkAOk
Celes_Chere: yeah. lets talk about things that exists. Twain was awesome. Even i just read 2 books.
oh boy, it's santa!
DocSane: If we can't become angels... Why is all that about souls and heaven and hell part?
Satan is quite misunderstood
I love how Religion just keeps spinning until it's not even coherent anymore :P
Satan =/= Santa
Vordox: Getting to heaven isn't the same as being an angel.
00,03No video links please~
evening all :) how is everypony :3
apple fritters, apple tarts
DocSane: "Where's my halo and harp"? :)
Humans don't become angels
Kandarihu: and from this spills forth the secrets of the universe.
purty good StormFox
Hi StormFox
00,03Especially at this time, come one man!
hey everypon- oh my.. this video
pineapples
Vordox: dont forget if theyre out of explanations its an translation mistake
Of course this was taken from Twain's story "The Mysterious Stranger"
I know Fou_Lou
00,03on*
claymation-ception?
make a huge chicken
One of these days... I'm going to start taking pictures of my ice cream... so I can figure out if the other people in the house are really eating it or if I'm just paranoid...
I'm gonna make a Nittany_Discord
i would maek a poni
inb4 Nightmare Fuel
hahahahaha
Aw, lag again.
now we'll make them fight
It buffered for me for a second too
KILL THEM WITH FIRE!!!
quick, kill the creators before they do anything alse to you.
Oh my god
Weapons, protectice walls, rulers and laws right from the start.
Oh god, flashbacks
This is Nightmare fuel O~O
Oh god this scene.... ;~;
MOo
frowny face
are we watching gumby with Gir voices?
/me Hides under blanket
WHAT THE FUCK AM I LOOKING AT
Seriously, who greenlighted this?
and here we go
FUCK YO SHIT
._.
Smashy smashy
I'm so scared D:
How the heck did this get made in the 1980s?
"Well, his name is Satan, that's strike one..."
Chains, you ain't seen nothing yet
/me Pokes head out from under blanket
ebrbrbrb
Lads...I give you the world we live in.......
Kandarihu: many hours of intern work
StinkomanFan: It's going to be a long night...
Hi everyone...... um what am i looking at?
Humans have tons of potential, but very little actually realised.
Ohai Thrackerzod
Maybe since it's an adapation of a Twain story? I dunno
Hello Thrackerzod
DocSane, better than in the next theatre with Watership Down
whos streaming by the way?
Fou_Lou: Scoot-Scootaloo
thanks Ponies47
:o
D:
hai Thrackerzod
StinkomanFan: Better those than the kid watching The Plague Dogs in the next theatre.
a matrix
So this is why Mark Twain drank.
Satan was creepy but not actually evil. Or wrong.
Love the story, the telling, the animation, the quality.
Celes_Chere, that's not what I mean. How is it possible for something as grimdark as this to be made in the 1980s? This is obviously too scary for young children, and since it's automatically disqualified for viewing by 13+ because it's not live action.
WHAT THE BUCK
its better than the wired russian made cartoons that creep the fuck out of me
heres indian JO!
LSD the clamation
Twain's a little cuckoo, but that is what made him awesome
hahaha
Fou_Lou: Ever seen "Film! Film! Film!"?
DocSane: nope
Thrackerzod: Liberty Sanitation Depot? What does that have to do with anything?
It's simple. We kill the Twain.
Fou_Lou: That is a fantastic Russian cartoon
DocSane: that sounds familiar
clone her
Kandarihu: Point taken. I point to Dark Crystal I guess.
Huh. I was right.
Aeronort
The little punk really is going to rob the man.
Bye
music night
why is there always a n organ on ships?
bye Chains
seeya Chains
I'd think this is particularily darker than The Dark Crystal.
See ya later Chains
Seriously, what the hell.
Yeah, that 'aint creepy at all.
I wasn't leaving, I was just turning on my AC...
I want to know what drugs this was made on so I can never take them.
Kandarihu: hell, this is darker than that batman movie
Well, not looking at Twain the same way again
Meanwhile in the captains cabin
Worst part folks: this is rated G
twilight_sprinkle, which one?
why do captains play organs os much?
Kandarihu: last one
kids too damn stoned to sleep
The Dark Knight Rises?
Celes_Chere: what does G mean? Im not familiar with those ratings
Kandarihu: havent seen the prev ones
Kandarihu: si, that one
Five bucks say Twain straight up kills them.
Celes_Chere: i consider that a good part more kids need to be scared shitless
Fou_Lou, APPROVED FOR ALL AUDIENCES
Fou_Lou: a six year old could buy a ticket and see it by themselves
I do hope they fail.
Thanks Celes_Chere StinkomanFan
the only rating i know is X
jk
its the flux capacitor
hahaha
it'll crash
Oh gog
This can only end well.
practicing your lines eh twain
So where is King Arthur's court and that dastardly Connecticut Yankee?
Yeah but if you're religious and actually believe you were created from clay too, I bet it's even more scary.
>Books
>Real adventure
I'm pretty sure Brave Little Toaster was G and it had death.
That's not hogtying...?
I missed something didn't I?
Robbing and stealing count as adventure?
Nyst Didn't you read Don Quixte?
Of course we don't believe we were created from clay.
I'm missing ALOT of things here. I'm in full WTB mode.
writer's block XD
THEY'LL HAVE TO GLUE YOU BACK TOGETHER
IN HELL
soo...thats a yes?
StinkomanFan: but you can't gl-OH MY GAHHHH!
twilight_sprinkle, yup
And that's a good way to say yes.
http://www.teamfortress.com/triad/ I don't them. I don't need them O_O
*I don't need them
you don't.
OH SWEET! NEW TF2 UPDATE!
Alien Heaven
dohohoho wet
WHUT THU
hell
san francisco is a planet
11,01Ponies47: Make a me?
I was gonna say buck.
Nittany_Discord: Being silly. Silly :P
Say you're from Earth stupid
hahaha insignificance
oh wow
a new type of spy sapper
that's interesting
hi everyone
hes slow
EARTH
YOU MORON
hai HellsFortune
hoi HellsFortune
Hello HellsFortune
/me 11,01hugs Ponies47
what am i watching ? o.o
/me Hugs Nittany_Discord back
Ohai HellsFortune
Okay. 3 headed aliens guarding a fluffy cloud heaven. Whatever.
I love this. This is one of the earliest science fiction stories ever.
so much bufferig
buffering
It's one of the first stories to talk about aliens in heaven.
What was the name of this Twain story?
nope, no beer for you
I'm liking the new items for TF2 but. MUST...NOT...BUY...ITEMS! Trying...to...save...money for a new computer O_O
hahaha
aw man, but i wanted a halo
Heaven sounds awesome!
PARTY!
Alien Rave Heaven
Alien rave.
Ponies47: o_o Should I be glad I don't play it?
Dat Heinlein reference
i don't grok it.
What the hell am I watching?
Chains: It's fun :3
i would hate it there
For each man: Their own Heaven, or Hell...
Heaven is a wonderful place, but this depiction of Heaven is just plain silly.
RobertRevenge: mark twain special
RobertRevenge: Alien heaven, man! It's awesome!
Ponies47: same with me any buying TF2 stuff. Need to get my girlfriend to get a hand of the new minigun
Those kids and their hippy hoppy music confound it!
Kandarihu: wait for it
No human portrayal of Heaven can ever do the real thing justice.
I wouldnt go in either
hahahaha
11,01Kandarihu: Yep.
24 hr pizza and beer.
sign here, sign here
11,01Like Celes_Chere said, I think Heaven and Hell are what each person makes it out to be.
boring
Shhh
Nittany_Discord: definitely
.............
Meanwhile, in Hell...
StinkomanFan: Oi.
At home for lunch. Gonna take a copy of 50 Shades of Grey that's on the dining room table for some reason back after lunch and get it out at reading.
Egypt
Meanwhile, It's gonna happen and you know it
/me facepalms.
Sphancks.
Did I just hear one of Applejack's catchphrases?
fur the lulz
Traditional Hells does sound kinda fun besides the whole burning thing. But hey, you get used to anything.
11,01Mark Twain and his solid beard.
The actual story is much better. He gets into human heaven, gets bored in about an hour, and learns that the halo and hymm book and stuff is just given to newbs to work out their expaectations.
Fou_Lou: I see. I need to buy somthing from the store to make more space in my backpack but I really don't wanna spend my money on ANYTHING else until I get a new computer :<
StinkomanFan: Eh, yeah true.
XAX: goodluck with that fanfic
Nittany_Discord: and so the Thief was sent to a hell filled with treasures beyond imagining... where there was nothing left to steal
Limbo also sounds like an interesting place.
Evening
Yeah that heaven story was taken from Twain's final work
Well this looks interesting! What is it?
Spectrum_Rush: lol
"Captain Stormfield's Visit to Heaven"
morning
2 am
to be precise
Oh god this
Indeed. Allo Reikim.
Mark Twain claymation movie Reikim
Hello
Folks, I have to run out and buy an ethernet jack. I'll be back.
Why is that redhaired kid so evil?
11,01NullRadix: Deep.
I am running now
And hello afKirz, sad to see you go :( But glad to know you'll still be around :)
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m85if2SIhB1qzrlhgo1_500.jpg
Nyst because that's Tom Sawyer
And Tom Sawyer is evil?
I dunno, I know he was a trouble-maker
Genius.
Is stream dead?
I'm not buying the new TF2 stuff. THEY WANT $20! :[
Shooeie: Nope, it's just you.
Shooeie: Refresh
Back to Adam and Eve
Once there were cavemen.
11,01Don't Adam.
I had an interesting experience voting. I got redistricted since the Presidential primaries. I'm voting in a community center that's a bit down a service-road. It's a nice place.
So are we deeeeeaaaaaad, as Meanwhile would say?
Ponies47, can't they just add 'em to the random drop?
Deeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad.
Fighting is magic has really leaked. It will be interesting what the devs have to say in the nect days
What the?
StinkomanFan: IDK. but if you want all the new items $20 -_-
total
Fou_Lou: ...NO. Is this for real?
and then Adam learned shame
Love.
Love is in Bloom!
he blinks like twice every second
In Da Garden Da Vida .
and then not at all
a bootiful bride
11,01Clay! Om nom nom.
Tuesday.
http://images.4chan.org/a/src/1343948075864.jpg
its fine guys
daribot is here to revive us
Ah industry! Glorious.
So many clothes.
With random merch.
Rugs?
Bronysith: there shouldnt be an are in that pic\
Rugs.
:D looks like fire
It is fire.
What are we supposed to do with this random merch?
woop woop woop
He looked at us.
Huh.
It's Cain or Abel?
Cain
hahah
i guess etchings was porn
Okay.
how does it taste?
Sunday.
It's Sweet Pea from Popeye
He's jealous.
"would you like to see my etchings" new chatup line
that toaster
All the same-length names!
Monday.
prhistoric times paper... picture of a car crsh on it ¬_¬
Merch. Randomly.
Two face.
reverse-engineering!
About that FiMFiction
Who gives a baby a hammer?
...How did the baby get there?
sex
11,01Square wheels are the best wheels.
Another baby.
They haven't invented the wheel, but they have a soccer ball
Wheel needs to be reinvented.
He's the only man
hes mine, all mine!
Wait...he had sex with Eve...but he doesn't know where the baby came from?
Square wheels.
MEAT
11,01They should try triangle wheels.
hahaha
Aging.
nice moustache
Hexagonal wheels would be better.
"Discovered children"
Okay then
So where do the grandkids come from?
So many children.
so much secks
11 kids..
Nittany_Discord: did you know that you can make a track that works best for any type of wheel? Even triangular ones...
Mr. Slave?
or maybe just the convex ones...
dat Cain
Moustache.
Hm?
...:'(
arranged double suicide time
d'awww
OH HE LOOKS LIKE MARK TWAIN : D
[wub]ehren: ...HOW COULD YOU
:'(
It is Mark Twain!
I had hoped the buffering would have stopped by now.
refresh nyst
i had that earlier
That his name was Adam
Dawww.
Dat bullshit
Hey guys! You know that new update?
he wasn't even born yet.
Huh?
I refreshed twice. I'll do so again in five minutes.
valentine before the saint valentine?
http://images.4chan.org/a/src/1343947016164.png
clear your cache if it isnt working nyst
You can craft the weapons, so you they are in the drop
Oh no..... :(
Was there a heaven for the little clay dolls?
What, no Lilith?
Be careful Bronysith.
if memory serves right, Adam lived to be over 900
:(
Anyone up for some Corn Pops?
wanted a lovevly suicide for the children :(
Chains gotta have them pops
/me 11,01pops Chains
/me is popped
the power!
...The Air Bag?
Tom you dumbass.
otakon: The 17 is gone?
I just noticed
Chains: now I'm on PC
who pinged me? my chat spazzed out
okay how come my TABLET can get the stream lag free but my PC can't?
this makes no sense
11,01Fail.
otakon: i think you messed that up
The frog doesn't know what to do. He's a frog
otakon: nvm
twilight_sprinkle: no I didn't, my Samsung Galaxy Tablet can get the stream lag free but my PC isn't, it's lagtastic on my PC
otakon.
otakon: nvmnvm
We all know where this going to go with the Sphinx
otakon: that logic
hiya [wub]ehren!
Any time the Sphinx happens.
still getting pinged 24/7 i see
XAX: what logic? there is no logic, unless it's just this USB wifi adpater is crap
hey guys, guys, you guys
Toss ALL the books
even after all this time
not the book!
otakon: :|
otakon: ...Your computer is old enough to need an adapter?
XAX: what?
so bad
Reikim: no it didn't come with one
otakon: I don't even know...
That's impossible...
11,01Turd power go!
Someone leaked the demo version of fighting is magic, the one they showed at evo, im playing it right now!
Reikim: wireless adapters are not standard with PC's you know
I don't think this is how physics work
*works
Refreshing once again did not work. I dunno. I'd restart my PC but then I'd miss a massive chunk of the movie.
otakon: Since when? Most PCs I see nowadays have it standard.
why dont we all just end our sentences with otakon, otakon-desu
Reikim: this PC set up is 1 year old
Firaga: look at the mane6 site.
nyst
Nyst: Try reseting your Internet?
clear cache and refresh
[wub]ehren: That sounds like a good idea, otakon-desu.
Reikim: it did not come with a wifi adapter
TWAIN IN SPACE
I'll try the cache.
otakon-desu*
hi everypony. What is this?
hai CrazyHippie1234
I think Sanity just took a nosedive off the starboard bow.
11,01They shouldn't follow the comet through its tail.
00,03Maybe I should refresh stream, make it less wonky
its not healthy?
Scoot-Scootaloo: that would be nice
Heya everypony
"Let's be very careful and approach the comet through its tail!"
hiya Zanon
00,03aight pasuing!
:3 Tailgating a comet
Ohai Zanon
Mark 3
that depth guaging
lali-ho Zanon
IT STOPPED
BOOM
OHMAGAWD
Fou_Lou: you know you want the link, i could pm it to you
Hello Zanon
WE'LL NEVER KNOW WHAT HAPPENED
Did it stop for anypony else?
aye
its back now
yes
00,03Yeah, O refreshed
00,03I*
Oh
woot for scoots
Yeah, I didn't have any problem with the stream. I take it you turned down the bitrate?
11,01Generate every number!
PUSH THE BUTTONS
Firaga: im in no need of a pm. No BSUs anymore makes me really sad.
okay my speed is fine
but mips is screwing me over it seems
Evil Twain
oh shit it's TWAIN MARK!
ADAM
Well duh!
Niawt Kram!
Light side must join the Dark side
Scoot-Scootaloo: permission to post a youtube link?
aghh godammnit stream
stop screwing me over
Lag
So Mark Twain is like the Crystal Guardians, or the Nameks.
or long enough
you're long enough
/me licks Nittany_Discord
I am so insanely pissed about that leaked Fighting is Magic build.
dammit stupid mips lag
otakon: Ew?
00,03Not yet
/me 11,01tastes good
00,03And MIIIIPS
okay :3
it was leaked?
/me noms on Nittany_Discord
Yeah
damn
my tablet can stream this without issue
One of the QA testers decided to be an asshole and leak it
tastes like chicken.
chicken like tastes
/me respects Nittany_Discords personal space
HOW COME MY USED TABLET HAS A BETTER WIFI CARD THEN MY USB ADAPTER?
Now Mane6 is locking down everything. No more QA testers, no more updates, no nothing until further notice.
/me 11,01thanks XAX
STOP BEING A PUSS HUCK
Adventure!
otakon: idk science?
the most i would do would be let a friend play it with me round my house
and then he became star stuff
So... Tom's Two-face?
otakon: Crappy adapter?
if i was a tester
that sucks
Reikim: must be
MARK TWAIN IS TWO FACE HELP US BATMAN
that's it ordering another
OK WHAT THE FUCK
11,01Or, it's going through it's orbit.
No more BSUs means I'm going to forget about the project
Aight. Back to school with me for another 2 hours.
KISS
Later all.
Argh
Later XAX
groucho...
That tester is a jerk
11,01Later XAX
Bye XAX
seeya XAX
bye XAX!
peace, XAX
GIGGLE AT THE GHOSTIES
its fine
PINKIE
Well clearing the cache and restarting Chrome didn't work either. But I guess the movie's almost over. I'll ride it out.
im sure everyone who knows him will slap him round the face
a few thousand times
Guffaw at the grossly
Huck, stop startin
yea, shame that QA would break their trust
:D
dat hubris
HUCKLE BERRY FINN
It's over?
G'night everypony.
Let me go comprehend what I just saw...
AND THEN THEY BANGED
night ZappyTheUnicorn
project will take longer now too
because of thatr
Well, that was cool.
oh well, looks like people get to practice early
that was interesting
Chains: good luck
And it came juse before a major update too
clay/10
Not as terrifying as I thought it would be
i downloaded melty blood and shit to practice
*just
Ffffff
f
^
if the stream wasnt so bad for me this would probably actually fun ._.
Thankfully, I already don't remember
8/10
as they said it was similar
CreepySatan/10
TF2 Reference :>
what did i miss?
Fluffycloud Heaven /10
00,03And the FREAKING PUZZLES
eh doubt that, all they're doing is closing testing
all we need now is the california raisins XD
WTB/10
OPUUUUUUUUZZLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
I'm lousy with fighting games that aren't Super Smash Bros, so I was just going to wait for the game itself.
exactly
means less testers
No
what was that video i miss?
Means no testers
period
Now a repeat of this
/me slow claps
I may not be around tomorrow night - heading down to Galveston to see my cousin's concert - has a gig at a hotel on the water tomorrow night
They're terminated the testing program with extreme prejudice.
Again for good measure
00,03So you don't forget..
sorry, I meant closed development
people making it still count as testers to me
hey bronies I have a problem
Anypony up for some Froot Loops?
Okay then
kidzrul434: wut happened?
Anyway
Ffffff
Chains: yummy
there is a gang of bronies at my camp but they won't let me hang with them
Okay, kidz...
Go up to them, and say "BUCK YOU"
Apples!
And then wait a few days
00,03Say Rarity is worst pony, then they'll at least pay attention to you
kidzrul434: go and hang with other people
Melty Blood, you say? I might try it.
This kind of reminds me of Terranigma.
Although I hate practicing against CPUs...they're no fun.
no no, thats not the right advice, kidzrul434 try finding some common ground, talk to them a bit, see where it takes you
Uh guys, what's this?
Scoot-Scootaloo: Who will?
/me is experiencing a deficiency in Yankees from Connecticut and pre-medieval Europe
why do they sound like gir?
ty Reikim :)
FlyingShoppingCart, the Mysterious Stranger by MArk Twain
Hallo again kirz
the strange stranger would be a better title.....
its more fun lol
really hope the Mane6 guys had the testers sign some kind of legal doc though, would provide a bit more entertainment
imo
They had them sign something
And "NDA Agreement" I think they said
lol, then the leak is screwed
they'll have him by the balls on this one
00,03Dis sum deep shizzle~
The link was taken down in seconds of it being posted, but people still have it.
Hey everypony im ba, OH HELL not this!! O_O
I switched to Firefox to see if it was my browser, but it's the same.
Aw man, I forgot to do alot of stuff today...
I doubt they'll go after the tester though. It doesn't seem like something they would do.
hi RaveBrony lol
00,03AAND then I do a moodswitch
and there we go
Thanks dari for telling us all about what we were already talking about.
OH HEY THERE IS THE LEAK
I can do no wrong because i don't know what it is... how profound
Hey cachi01 :P
o.o
WOHO
he's not actually there, it's all the bot watching the rss feed
OHAI
Good
cachi01: plug it up with some towels!
dat moodwhiplash
And suddenly Smile Smile Smile
I know, I'm just being witty. Or trying anyway, I need the practice.
/me Can't. Stop. SMILING! :D
We really need this.
well, no matter, they're still developing, and the final build will be precise and balanced than the beta
wut? :P
Man I knew it from the second I heard the game was leaked.
Dinky!
The skyrim version was better.
^
leak?
i just cant get it out of my head
My condolences to the FiM team...
someone call for a plumber?
OH NO BUFFER
Yeah the FiM game got leaked.
DONT DO THAT NOW D:
I need this after that movie
I NEED THE LINK TO THE FIM GAME
"no major content-related updates to the website will be forthcoming until further notice" that's rough
NOW
so much for brony trust, people are still people. cant trust em
hey Mario , wanna go bowling?
Honestly, I'm surprised people would do this? You KNOW how this hurts developers.
I am so piiiisssssed
too lazy to look for the leak, too lazy too play fighting games right now, sucks for the one who leaked the stuff if he signed a NDA i know cause i been in some microsoft betas :p
cachi01: no you don't. You're not that kind of person, are you?
screw you Dken2021
cachi01: Shame. SHAME ON YOU.
The game might be lower quality, now that the QA team's been axed.
/me smiles :D
I keep hearing that as Friendly Snoppy Friends of Mine.
I do hope they go after the leak though, if only to teach the person that actions have consequences
wait a second. Wasn't Half Life leaked big too?
Why even play it? It's unfinished, buggy and broken, as a game that's in the middle of development is!
All testing terminated, BSUs terminated, content-related updates terminated...I don't even have a swear word potent enough for my anger.
00,03Oki, I am done for the night!
Reikim: I LOVE PLAYING BETAS AND LEAKS
00,03See y'all tomorrow!
/me smacks cachi01
This is why I want to live in Ponyville. The entire town breaks into song almost ever day.
Cya scoot
i see that maryln manson guy
Kandarihu how did you I was looking through your trash
bye Scoot-Scootaloo
Reikim: it makes me feel important in the gaming community :3 xd
click that video
cachi01: what about when it negatively affects the people making it?
they shoulda been more careful
thanks Scoot-Scootaloo
are ya'll playing Simon's cat? Love those animations
why in the hell would you trust others?
Scoot-Scootaloo, thanks for streaming.
cachi01: but don't you see there will be no beta of it for you to play now
I don't think they will, but it's unlikely we'll hear anything about it either way.
on one hand its already leaked, so it wont change anything if you play. on the other hand if the devs dont want it, doesnt feel right to disobey them since its a free game
they should but probably is just going to end in an agrement from both parts and no court involved
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fp32TigGfZk
What could they hope to get out of him, anyway? They're people with lives; they don't have the time to go through with that.
It'll delay the final game. It'll cost it in quality. It'll even lose a little of the love put into it.
DAMMIT
what?
:) night 3 of creepy pasta before bed for me
Stream over? Post vids!
what game?
Cypresswolf: sounds fun :D
www.NOTyoutube.com/blahblanponyvids
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bR-x2Go4r0Q
whats a QA anyway? are they fan testers?
Taking money from him would be against the project's philosophy of freeness.
They had an NDA. And they trusted people because this is the bronies here. That makes it doubly sad.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qw7BGbsf9_o Two Bits: Party of One .. funniest thing ever
QA = quality assurance
Quality Assurance.
essentially testers
For the game to be delayed even further is a major dissapointment. It's taken an unbearable amount of time for it to come out.
People who play the bugged, broken version so that things can be fixed.
what game?
twilight_sprinkle: I haven't found much that actually scares me, know any good creepy pasta stories?
Soul, Fighting is Magic
twilight_sprinkle: Quality Assurance
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z13d3UgQ1U4&feature=channel&list=UL
someone leaked it? :[
so was leaking the project, but whatever they do, if he signed an NDA he's on the wrong end of it
Soul: I am so mad about it.
Nyst: if theyre just testers, cant they find more?
I just feel sad about it. Those poor guys.
True enough. But again, we probably won't hear anything about it, unless the leaker decides to write an open letter or something.
Cypresswolf: fraid not, not intoo that stuff :P
twilight_sprinke: not if those people will just keep breaking their NDA's and posting it all over the net.
They just had their trust broken.
twilight_sprinkle: Testing program's been axed for good.
the issue the Mane6 would have now is being able to trust anyone outside of the team to test for them, since the trust was already broken
Nyst Reikim this is perfect for Pinkie http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmyurvC5Au4&feature=BFa&list=ULQ9EIR8QlarA
Nyst: well, on the bright side, its no physical loss like programmers
It's as much an emotional blow as it is a practical one.
why would someone leak it? people can't be patient anymore can they -_-
Reikim: they just need to ask some friends to test out
guys..... I NEED A LINK FOR THE LEAK :[
cachi01: google?
kirzstryfe: They've decided to ax all testing for good, so there's the answer :9
:(
twilight_sprinkle: google aint helping very much :(
try /mlp/
maybe a ponyfag there will have it
eww 4chan
I'm sorry cachi01, but you won't find it here.
but in more fun news, the target near me got in the new mlp toys :)
twilight_sprinkle: doesnt make a big difference. id like to know how much of the actual QA was friends of them
cachi01: NOBODY IS GIVING IT TO YOU
Yus
Buytoast: heh.
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUFSGUOSJKDCHIPSDVIDVSIPVSISDV
Which ones?
I am going to Sturgis for the Boston Concert anypony else going?
Buytoast: i wont get into 4chan its scary O_o
wow3
the minifig sets, and most of the wedding ones
i bet you find tunder your bed ascasry rtoo
Very nice.
-3-
I got the Cloudsdale set and the shiny set of 7
I've never had the balls to go into a store and buy ponies >.>
I'm not even going to look, it would be no different than if there were no leak so what's the point in seeking something I shouldn't have?
these damn rubber gloves are a bitch to type with
cachi01: I think I speak for everyone when I say we are DISAPPOINTED.
I need to find somewhere that has the new wave of blindbags though >.<
Fou_Lou: can they sue for breaking an NDA agreement?
cachi01 wasn't the brony fandom Forged in the Flames of 4chan?
Reikim: ITS JUST LOOKS SO EEEEEEEPIC
i just came back from their website
Garretbrony: yeah but still i wont enter 4chan....
Garretbrony: It was the banning of ponies that really forged it, so sort of.
twilight_sprinkle: They can, if it was written out all properly legal (which it probably was, these guys are smart).
twilight_sprinkle: i hoghly doubt that. Since no monetary damage is done. If it where a real project with money in it they probably could
Reikim: they should, to make a point
cachi01 neither will I . Stick to PoniChan
Soul: No testing. No updates. No BSUs. I am so mad.
Fou_Lou: hmm, thats too bad
/me noms on Reikim s love of gurren lagann
who first leaked it?! :[
I cannot be nommed right now because I am burning. With. Rage.
Soul: A QA tester, no name yet.
/me noms on Reikim s rage
SPOILERS it was his sled
Soul: an undisclosed party
twilight_sprinkle: but im not sure in that. And it probably depends on their country too. but they have to find the one who leaked it first
Imagine if the team'd fall apart over this. No FiM gets made, and this is all there'd ever be?
Nyst MOTHER OF CELESTIA
Nyst: They're stronger than that. But we'll all have to wait longer for it.
Fou_Lou: yeah thats right, i forgot they might not even know who did it
because some idiot leaked it, we have to wait longer
They'd only fall apart over this if one of the core members of the team leaks a build.
Yeah I know they're stronger. But this is the kind of risk that's been taken here.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-p0CIz9R04&feature=related
The worst part is that I can't even see WHY a tester would leak the build.
Internet fame.
Seriously. What profit do you gain? You just hurt everyone.
a troll?
And then if you do get famous it'll be the wrong kind; you'll get hatemail and death threats, etc.
a ponyfag coulda paid him
trolls dont care what type of fame
most of em have no shame
wow. The /mlp/ where FiM mediafire link is just... going nuts
I don't think you can quash that
It's the kind of headdesk-worthy stupidity that makes me fear for the sake of the human race.
oh man
i gotta get i on this
^
No
nonono
if only i werent banned from 4chan
Please don't go get it
i need to check /mlp/ as well, must be fun
i'm not getting the gasme
a waste of space to me
i probably wont get the game either, i dont play many games anyway
but all the butthurt
oh boy
im not
Well I gotta shut down. Night everypony!
bye Obsidian
I don't know. I like the game. I'll play the game. I just probably won't go out of my way playing it more than a week.
Eh, /mlp/ is just being assholes as usual.
So it really doesn't matter to me when I play it
good evening everypony
id feel like id be betraying mane6
HAY HAY HAY! STAY OUT OF MY SHED!
im totally not downloading fighting is magic <_<
hoi Lunar_Brony
Reikim can't get his pony fix
11,01http://nittany-tiger.tumblr.com/post/28586557986/im-maid-for-bronystate
I can't
When does S3 come out so help me god
i know hire a little girl and have her buy them for you :p
so....
cachi01: it's out?
IT IS OUT!?
its leaked
otakon: a leak is out
new season starts on december 12 :p
I almost thought it was Maid Hour
otakon: letter from the devs linked on EQD
harhar Nit
^ jk i don't even know
...So long
I go out of my way to avoid spoilers for that too
its otakon. In fact, a commenter in the EQD has posted the main page in /mlp/ dl
otakon: http://www.mane6.com/2012/08/open-letter.html
11,01Like my pun title?
And I'm back. What's on?
otakon: NO IT'S NOT IT'S LEAKED AND IF YOU DOWNLOAD IT I WILL SHIP YOU WITH THE ENTIRE CHAT
In other news: Sweetie Belle's squeaks are still adorable.
i checked the /mlp/ and well its not that ba
so technically, it isn't out.
d
lol
Man, I think I need some help getting started with this Newbie Artist Training Grounds thing.
Reikim: please don't
i heard there is going to be hay
you silly Nittany_Discord XD
/me whistles and plugs his ears
2 minutes remaining......
its not even the full thing, why bother?
OMGMOMGOMGOMGOMGOGMMGOOGMMOGMGO
Kandarihu|H8s2Clean: gimme a sec I'll link you some help
Celes_Chere: Sweetie Belle is the best CMC.
I have a Bamboo Tablet and Gimp. Those are my tools of choice.
otakon: Don't download the build then.
NullRadix, thanks
11,01Forgot about Maid Hour. Fucking panic attacks.
DocSane: /)
cachi01: Don't. Please don't. Please please don't.
whois streaming
Celes_Chere: Of course, that's like saying gold is the best precious metal Silver and platinum are great, too.
ATM, nopony
darn
To a certain extent, I could care less if other people play it. Rubbing in the fact that it was leaked and "trolling" about it --- that's harsh
DocSane: This is true.
I remember when people hated the CMC. Because, you know, how dare this children's cartoon have children in it.
/me is still simmering
DocSane: xd
OMG IT FINISHED
NullRadix, thanks
cachi01: ...You. Bastard.
Is anything streaming, because I see nothing on my end.
This is glorious.
I'm not good with kids. Therefore I would prefer an episode without the CMC. Yet, they are cute and admireable
Reikim: IF THERE WAS A LEAK OF HALF LIFE 3 WOULD YOU DOWNLOAD I?
This whole leaked deal has made my night.
DocSane: negative on the streaming
cachi01: No actually, I wouldn't. Sorry, nope.
flutter_spin: I'm actually very good with kids.
Reikim: oh umm well uhmm uhmmm ABANDON THREAD
lol
cachi01:it's not worth it, its not even the full thing
I don't know. I just hate seeing the CMC embarrase themselves or run into danger
flutter_spin: Sadly, I have none of my own.
cachi01: received -50 respect
:P
flutter_spin: So you hate children? Because...that's what children do, I know from much experience.
Spectrum_Rush: how many respect do i have left?
cachi01: You're now at negative three.
flutter_spin: Most of the show is about dealing with embarrassment and failure.
I don't hate children. I hate getting in trouble when I do something with kids that the parents chew me out for
dammit
who would to answer that
cachi01 0 from my end :P
here have some muffins Reikim
cachi01: ...Fine, you're at zero now.
flutter_spin: Are you an adult or still a kid yourself?
/me salivates on Reikim
Reikim: yay
/me tosses Bronysith a muffin
/me salivates on Reikim
Cypresswolf: yo dawg, i herd you like creepypasta
To have a CMC success episode would likely result in their gaining cutie marks.
I just realized: The unicorn Cake baby could levitate herself, so being a unicorn still gives you flight!
a kid is free to act like an idiot. An adult doing the same thing --- well, you can't
Cypresswolf: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d85WJUVBT1I&feature=related
twilight_sprinkle: Oh my... GOD!!!
So...a dream episode maybe? That could work...
ShadowQuill: bwahahahahaha
flutter_spin: The kid can be forgiven for being foolish. An adult is supposed to know better and set a good example.
^_^ Wonderful, twilight_sprinkle - Faved
Cypresswolf: :)
Hello everypony
Oh man
Why is the stream farting on my best enemy and my worst friend?!
i wonder how much in tatters ponychan is
/me Hides from lowfn
O_o oh my...Opal?!?
god
twilight_sprinkle: Art of Distress
ShadowQuill: yup:P
Wheres Ponies47?
WHO IS BEST PONY
It's a complex issue. Definitely not because I hate kids. I just don't like responsibility of something going wrong.
ShadowQuill: PINKIE PIE
who wants PIZZAROLLS?
Buytoast: I predict a rift between those that download and those that don't.
PINKIE. PIE.
Garretbrony: PINKIE PE
WHY ARE WE YELLING?!
PINKIE PE!
I constantly get "You made my kid do this! Shame on you!"
PIE*
I hate that.
/me Pokes his head out
Ohai lowfn :P
There you are
I THOUGHT FOR SOME REASON THAT MAYBE EVERYPONY IS BEST PONIES. THAT IS NOT EVEN CORRECT GRAMMAR
What I miss?
I AM HAVING TROUBLE HEARING YOU GUYS. SPEAK UP!
/me gave cachi01 3 points of respect back
Hey is there a stream? I got nothing?
Neither do I
/me tosses Ponies47 a muffin and then dusts his toes
Soul: :)
Which is why I'm conflicted with the CMC. I love thee, but I'd prefer episodes with the mane 6
/me Noms on lowfn muffin and has his toes dusted
This is delicious
/me eats Soul's 3 points of respect he gave cachi01
it's like a buffet tonight
IS THERE A STREAM!?!
About that FiMFiction?
and i'm lovin it
lol
u cant eat my respect ShadowQuill!
Ponies47: Nope.
/me farts on the floor while waiting
twilight_sprinkle: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9JthOJrDpI&feature=related :3
Engineer: Thanks
Chains: What FiM fiction
though i am a girl :P
cachi01: BUT IT IS SO DELICIOUS
Buytoast: you mustve been hungry
Yes. FimFiction: http://www.fimfiction.net/story/24300/Drocsid Read my story :P
Buytoast: ponychan is being...surprisingly cool about the release.
Cypresswolf: yep, saw that one :P
oh i'm always hungry
ShadowQuill: OK FINE
the mods are probably deleting all the threads
Buytoast: i thought you were banned from 4chan?
i was
i can still read it
i can't post
/me gives cachi01 3 more points
Any one here speak french?
twilight_sprinkle: Why is it Pinkie Pie's voice sound so much creepier in G major
hello everone
twilight_sprinkle: When Fluttershy said COME OUT I pooped on your floor.
POOTIS
twilight_sprinkle: And then I emptied your fridge.
ShadowQuill: MY floor??:[
Shooeie: Barely.
Cypresswolf: maybe cause its high-pitched?
/me heads to the bomb shelter
twilight_sprinkle: Yes, yours. UMAD?
Buytoast: I'm surprised. Ponychan is being very calm about this leak. On /mlp/ it's all swearing and arguing and calling Mane6 a bunch of autistic aspergers...but on Ponychan they ask nicely, reply politely, and walk away..
twilight_sprinkle: I AM NOT DONE *poops on your bed*
because ponychan mods delete anything they don't like
and apparently they don't like opinions
Someone leak Equestria Online or something
pfffhahaha i see /b/ is as glorious as ever
/me dusts ShadowQuill's poop
now THAT would be interesting
no
Or maybe they're just, yknow, less vitriolic than 4chan.
So, did I miss the Star Wars Ep III Rifftrax?
ShadowQuill: GODDAMNIT GET OUT OF MY HOUSE
leaks are stupid
yep Marx
lowfn: NO. *poops on your duster*
...When was it shown?
Hai gais :3
I want a finished version of the game, not some buggy alpha or beta.
all they do is cause flamewars and delay the game
^
twilight_sprinkle: NO! *poops on the welcome mat*
I don't mind playing a beta, buggy intro, sample, taste of something
/me pulls out a spare duster and dusts his poopy duster
/me kicks ShadowQuill out of his house
It at least lets me know what to expect
twilight_sprinkle: *poops on you*
flutter_spin, When was it shown?
flutter_spin: Equestria Online is ded
. . .
ShadowQuill: FFFFUUUUUUUUU
flutter_spin: Like, permanently.
didn't they reform Reikim ?
twilight_sprinkle: *poops on those letters*
flutter_spin: Not according to the official site.
/me dusts twilight_sprinkle 's toes and the poop on twilight_sprinkle 's head
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&NR=1&v=uHTs2zONUZA
/me poops on twilight_sprinkle's keyboard and mouse and monitor
All teh reacts
flutter_spin: Apparently they HAD a demo, though.
http://cheezburger.com/6472934144
madness, madness upon madness!!!
/me burns ShadowQuill with a flamethrower
/me dusts all the poop
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YFmu3QYVbi4
Tanks daribot
/me poops on twilight_sprinkle's hands
because i want to play a buggy beta instead of a full released game
well.... i suck at FIM
xd
i cant hit the goddamn bot
ShadowQuill: youre already dead >:I
AND IT DOESNT EVEN MOVE
Great. Now I have to relook up the old site data. Hangon...
that DOESNT make me feel guilty everytime i would play it :(
ii need someone to play with me
/me dusts twilight_sprinkle 's poopy hands
twilight_sprinkle: Stop, I'm all POOPED out!
ShadowQuill: thank god...
Value on that Twilight Sparkle Helmet: 9000
*poops on lowfn
I'm pretty sure what's going on here violates one or two rules...
/me dusts self
Ponies47: :D
and thank you lowfn for your help!
Disappoint that the didn't make it 9001
i whish you all a good night. Full packed day for me tomorrow. See ya at movi night
bye Fou_Lou
twilight_sprinkle: LOL JK! *poops all over your house*
http://cheezburger.com/6473156608
Your welcome twilight_sprinkle, dont worry about paying. Its on the house
/me dusts house
Chains: I am Heavy Weapons guy and this...IS FOR YOU!
flutter_spin: New project: legends of Equestria. Go check it out.
/me looks around and points at himself
lowfn: thanks man!
that's it, Reikim. I knew the old team moved onto something else. I forgot the new title
lowfn: *poops on all your dusters*
/me catches ShadowQuill and throws him into a pit of lava
/me takes out duster hidden below twilight_sprinkle 's house and dusts his dusters
/me poops and the lava comes at twilight_sprinkle
I'm finally done with Batman arkham City
Dont ask why I have a duster under your home
except for the campaigns
And I am back
/me gets out the poopcleaner 5000
/me dusts lowfn's dusters with poop
/me dodges ShadowQuill poop and watches him die
There is STILL a line to get into this plac
Its insane
what the . . . it's not Maid Hour yet
is it?
/me doesn't die, as twilight_sprinkle hoped
11,01Missed Maid Hour :<
dammit
/me vomits a bag with a duster in it then dusts the entire area and everything within it
Nittany_Discord: Well, I'm pooping on everything
Rooster Teeth? heh.
/me sprays water all over twilight_sprinkle's house
11,01ShadowQuill: Have fun with that.
ShadowQuill: >:I
lowfn: *poops uncleanable poop on everything
Anypony up for some Frosted Flakes?
/me throws a muffin at Nittany_Discord
/me 11,01noms on muffin.
Soul: we must destroy this menace! D:
...I missed the chance to join Legends of Equestria's writing staff. Because I only found out about it until now, and it was only open for a week.
/me cheers up twilight_sprinkle by giving him poop ice cream
/me stabs ShadowQuill
11,01If my panic attacks stop, maybe I'll stream some games.
/me takes out his undirtyble super-duster 9001 and dusts the water the poop and then takes a cork and plugs it into ShadowQuill 's anus
/me uses her pyro flamethrower
/me noms on Nittany_Discord
/me poops on twilight_sprinkle's knife, thus rendering it useless
/me 11,01is tasty.
stream some team fortress 2; i can join you and spam readings of erotic my little pony fan fiction
/me is moist
/me poops out the cork, aiming at lowfn
Nittany_Discord: play something cheerful, like japanese mario! jk, dont play that in such a condition... i do hope you feel better soon
it'll be like a sunday night
Panic attack? Seriously? You okay Nittany?
/me catches the cork
/me laughs
/me burns ShadowQuill to a crisp
So much rp tonight.
ShadowQuill: GODDAMNIT JUST DIEEEE
No. Some bronies get panic attacks.
BRB shower and blah blah blah
I get them from time to time, but its usually just a mental breakdown
No actual physical problems.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LzjoJ7kx-RY :D
Soul: THAT WAS MY CLONE YOU BASTARD! HIS NAME WAS LITTLE JIMOTHY
it took me 5 secs to find the leaked mlp on /mlp/
but im not gonna dl it ofc
/me puts many worms inside of ShadowQuill 's stomach so they can eat all of his poop
mwahahaha!!
lowfn: nope.avi
lowfn: Those worms don't exist.
They're in your belly
MWAHAHAHAA
lowfn: I have no belly
/me writes a letter to celestia requesting her help
Then how are you pooping
Oh and Target had the family sets. I got all 3 sets. I love thee.
11,01My situation is complicated and I'm not getting real help from family for it. Really, family is part of the problem. I keep fearing that I'm going to get pushed by my mom and her friend because I'm not looking for work, but I'm not well enough to work.
Soul: *poops on your letter*
Never mind -_-
11,01I really hate living at home.
lowfn: Because I am like that
/me cleans it and sends it away
Nittany_Discord: i kno dat feel so well man...
Nittany_Discord: well all you can do is try
Nittany_Discord: You had to move back home? :( (just returned to the chat)
Nittany_Discord: how are you not well enough?
Soul: *Princess Celestia thinks you are trying to troll her, and challenges you to a duel*
11,01Yes. A month ago.
11,01otakon: It's complicated.
:(
/me calls The Doctor and puts ShadowQuill inside the TARDIS and then the TARDIS goes to 9001 B.C. and The Doctor kicks ShadowQuill into that time period then leaves
I'm 15. I would like to move out if I could
Nittany_Discord: okay
She suddenly wants to buy roach poison because she thinks I brought some home in the boxes from work because I didn't freeze them for 24 hours beforehand
what happened to who now?
*refuses the duel*
My family is now pushing for me to get a job...but they want me to help pay off Their bills :\
Nittany_Discord: Come here :3
When i start working my paychecks will already be spent
11,01I have no money.
lowfn: LIAR! Doctor is my friend! We go to when you were unpooped on and we both poop you to death, making your existence cease.
11,01I'm trapped in hell basically.
:'(
That sucks...
lol, on the little cardboard insert for the Cloudsdale minifig set, there's a stylized picture of Scootaloo flying
11,01With little help.
ouch
Oh. Nevermind, then.
11,01From family.
ShadowQuill: Doctor doesnt do that.
/me leaves
lowfn: OR DOES HE?!
ShadowQuill: No... he doesnt :D
I never chewed out people for not having a job, but now I fully understand the difficulty of getting a job. I usually praise people for just bearing with it unemployed
http://www.mane6.com/2012/08/open-letter.html
wow
just wow
Nittany_Discord: well the way i see it, is that youre honestly trying. if your family doesnt understand, thats their problem. just keep trying, and heal up, and just ignore them. thats what i do :P
lowfn: What makes you think he would not change his mind?
wat
ShadowQuill: Because has not an idiot
Bit of a dichotomy between show staff and toy staff, methinks.
hes*
one sec, I'll get a shot of it
11,01I am trying.
But my mom is giving a little bit of heat for me not paying her. The thing is: Everytime I pay her, she goes on vacation.
more of fandom vs toy staff
lowfn: Well... *teleports away from you and steals some of your valuable items*
Nittany_Discord you could live with me for free
11,01I love my mom and grandmother.
So I take it Shizuka isn't running the Ep III Rifftrax after all?
Nittany_Discord: then try not to worry about it, its not changin anything. just relax and keep trying, thats all thats required of you. and look after your health too
JESmith71: did it yesterday
ShadowQuill: NO MY PICTURES OF OCTAVIA AND TWILIGHT AND MY DUSTERS! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
flutter_spin: What? When?
lowfn: HAHAHAHHAAAAAAA
Oh really? I thought she said she was saving it for today
Like... same time right now
ShadowQuill: Good thing I have spares!
maybe is like the dash toy that came with a turtle and that pic is telling you spoilers with you knowing it until you see the eps :p
/me throws a muffin at lowfn
11,01I just hate feeling like a teenager with no freedom, independence, or control over my life.
http://i.imgur.com/9uscq.jpg
it was like 8-10 and then 10-12 we did Robot Chicken: Star Wars Editions
No they just ran the regular Episode III last night
flutter_spin: I was awake at this time and she wasn't running it. O.o
/me catches muffin
lowfn: I took them, too. What now?
me me teleports new shiny dusters here and gives them to lowfn
Yeah, either last night or today.
you'll probably make it Nittany_Discord , know you will
Nittany_Discord: welcome to my world
...Off-model, too.
/me me teleports new shiny dusters here and gives them to lowfn
Nittany_Discord I know that feel
Soul: Thank you
the world is a cruel unfair place
What is wrong with her face I don't even
Soul: NOPE
fighting is magic... is .... AWESOME O_O
the sooner you accept it the sooner you can live in it
ShadowQuill: I have spares for my spares
flutter_spin: You're thinking normal Ep III.
really? I didn't watch it. I just saw the Ep 3 title on the bottom and said "eh I don't feel like watching it"
Reikim toy pics are never right
Nittany_Discord: Come here :3
lowfn: WELL I TOOK EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM
flutter_spin: Rifftrax one was supposed to be tonight, I thought.
cachi01 I see you have the leaked build
Famous Words of Wisdom.
Life's shit.
^
Nittany_Discord: well, its like that at some periods of life. itll change eventually, might as well take the best from it. tought sitatuions make you stronger mentally
Inb4: Everypony's hearts melt from all the dawww http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hnqz9OdZjRQ&feature=plcp :3
unless they pull official vectors
Lunar_Brony, life is what you make of it.
/me vomits up bags with spare pictures and dusters inside of it
hnnnnnnn
But maybe Shizu's busy, so eh, no worries. :P
Ponies47: Dat vid! :D
Why would you watch the normal Ep 3 without Rifftrax anyways?
Kandarihu true dat
11,01Chains: Would you support someone that may take months to get on their feet?
Ponies47: I watch that. Every. Damn. Day.
Ponies47: hows this for daww http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d85WJUVBT1I&feature=related
Dken2021: wut? no no <_<
RaveBrony: :P
Reikim http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb57524/mlp/images/1/19/Kmart_Trixie_toy.jpg
Nittany_Discord: I would
twilight_sprinkle: NOT AGAIN AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
not even close
by supposrt someone, do you mean feed them?
:p
Kandarihu I know. I just wanted to use that quote.
WHAT the hell is that
flutter_spin: Torture?
11,01lowfn: Where do you live?
Lunar_Brony, sorry
ShadowQuill: serves you right for ruining my home >: (
Nittany_Discord: I was going to pour a bucket of industrial lubricant over you and push you down a hill.
11,01lowfn: Yes.
Ponies47: thats weird, and cute at the same time
ShadowQuill: oh and dont think about it, i have an anti-poop force-field now
lol, I remember that shot
11,01I'm in South Carolina right now.
Kandarihu s'alright.
twilight_sprinkle: Why? I like it. MWAHAHAA
Nittany_Discord: Im in Texas
Nittany_Discord:
dammit!
twilight_sprinkle: *pees on everything you own*
did not mean to ping you!
13ping?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aS5qM_ORIvg Derpy Cardcaptor Ending :)
ShadowQuill: ...f*yay*
hiya Shizuka :$
/me slaps ShadowQuill for being innapropriate
Don't ping me bro
pong shizu
11,01I wouldn't mind moving to Texas.
Shizuka pong.
twilight_sprinkle: YAY G-MAJOR! :D
11,01Hell, tornadoes.
Oh shoot, does "Shizu" ping you now? Sorry. D:
I don't really like the brushable toys
Ohai Shizuka. Pong
Lunar_Brony: I SORRY! *backflips into oblivion*
O__________O
Nittany_Discord, a group of Bronystaters living in Texas chasing tornadoes?
Nittany_Discord: Nvm. Sorry, but I live at home too and some certain assholes just said no.
bye!
me neither but i'm still getting that trixie if it ever comes to mexico
not much hair for a brushable toy
Ponies47: is that snuggle bunnys voice?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JH8eRff9DCs
11,01lowfn: It's OK.
superretroworld: Maybe :P
I've been reworking my fanfic so I don't normally get on here. My brother had his gall bladder removed too. His family was around for like 2-3 weeks. He's fine now.
Sorry, Lunar_Brony, can't talk to you. I am in oblivion.
Nittany_Discord: Mabye you could do youtube to make money!
I'm so happy of getting the crystal set from Target though ^^
a fanfic?
give it to me, i'll do a dramatic reading
i'm bored enough
11,01lowfn: How?
I found a "Guile's Theme goes with Everything" video for "CMC Beep Beep"
duh fuq
uh, yeah. Its got all the mods here on Bronystate in it... sort of
/me absorbs ShadowQuill's soul into a jar and locks it up.
/me throws a muffin at Soul
http://www.fimfiction.net/index.php?view=category&user=30937
Nittany_Discord: If you make good videos you could use Ads and become a Youtube Partner and make money from the Ads on your videos
Soul: i wonder how much charge his soul will give
/me eats the muffin
/me frontflips out of oblivion to slap Soul in the face
:3
the prince one flutter_spin?
/me slaps ShadowQuill back. "get back in the jar!"
can someone tell me what's wrong with this? http://ponyconfessions.tumblr.com/post/28598474207
All three kind of revolve around my OC: Moonlight Sonata. Farewell Scroll is an off story oneshot.
11,01Dken2021: Doing what?
Ponies47: i have to admit i love that one song from snugglen bunny 'you are my sweet love'
is the stream off or is my internet still derping like crazy?
Drocsid is first, Moon Time is second, I'm working on the third one.
hmm
/me yells "NO!" and gets out of the jar, scampering back into oblivion
i'll just read the short one
Nittany_Discord: Idk make an original flash animation series?
I wish I could get ponies
Sumica is my favorite mod so I stuck him throughout
I am simply not man enough
Nittany_Discord whatever's under the guidelines of youtube's policy, anything really
Nittany_Discord: Songs?
13CriticKitten: 'shizu' always pings me
13why so ping
And every time I go to a con, the ponies sell out before an hour's up.
11,01Dunno.
Nittany_Discord: Hurt yourself?
i just lost carpet fuel for master Popo! D:
/me laughs at Soul for not noticing that I have escaped back into oblivion
Nittany_Discord hell, somehow that one asian girl that stares at the camera isa partner
>go to con > can't buy ponies >wut
I see no "shizu"
. . . oh! I get it now
--(\
11,01lowfn: WAT?!!??!?!?!?
Seriously
Nittany can get a group of miads to sing barber shop while chasing tornadoes
But I don't expect people to read them. I casually post the link places. I'm constantly working and reworking them
people hoard them ponies?
Last one I went to, there was this girl selling amazing plushies
Shizuka: hiya dear, how are you?
I'd pay for that
Shizu: I sowwy. :( We were just talking about how you originally planned to do Ep 3 Rifftrax tonight, but we hadn't seen you at all and thought maybe you were too busy.
11,01GabeMoist: That actually would be awesome.
She sold out within an hour, no joke.
lowfn was that supposed to be advise?
13oh
And she had quite a few.
13no because comcast is too flaky
13sorry :<
00,10huh ping
No worries.
Lunar_Brony: Yes
/me sneaks into the Shizu-cave and noms the interwebs
HI Sumica :)
At the very least I take heart in the fact that she made money and will proceed to make more plushies.
Vaaaaaaaaaaaalve y u no make the Point and Shoot paintable! Why?!
Shizuka: that sucks dear
http://youtu.be/Tt7QQcKf_eQ
Oh god
Sumica pong
I have Comcast too and I know how much it sucks. >_>
What's that?
nice how you can make billions off this franchise
Anypony up for some Shreddies?
So no worries!
ping All the mods
would anyone like to give up their soul?
Just saying how you are my favorite mod
Hasbro doesn't even seem to understand what they've got, potentially.
Soul: Sure
CrimsonPhoenix NONONONO!!!! I don't know how my friend can watch that, but I can't! I just can't!!
make some fanart/plusies, instant money
if you're good at it, anyway
Lunar_Brony, Age?
hi
15
yea, there's that
hi tigher1001
yay! now master Popo won't kill me! :D
I'm 27
That would be unlikely but a possibility
im 98
............ www.mediafire.com/?le7eliso7b7icde
they look at a time vs payoff ratio, and unless a company can come up with a way to automate or streamline the plushie process well enough, we likely won't get high quality ones like the customs
I'm Eleventy.
OOPS WRONG LINK
HOW DARE YOU
NOOO
SORRY
cachi01: lemme guess, the game?
cachi01: WHAT IS THAT
wrong link dammi
cachi01 if that's the evo build, think you made a wrong move
tFUCKL
don't click it!
GUD
Soul, did you know that I am still in oblivion?
Lunar_Brony: hitler could change to good, thats how strong ponies are
DONT CLICK IT
11,01I think I made a new friend today. Maybe she can help me get through this hard time.
:\
Ah well
I think Hasbro is ok with the custom market, they just don't like it when people start profiteering off of their franchise
/me resisting the urge to click cachi01 's link
The thing about hanging out on Bronystate is you constantly have to ask peoples' ages, because the age range here is so wide.
Pinkie Pie finally catch up with you Nit?
he was the guy that killed hitler after all.
cachi01: you are corrupt. you must be crucified. any last words?
ShadowQuill, I did notice, get back in the jar!
Has that happened before?
cachi01: WHY NOT
You never know if you're talking to someone in middle age or middle school.
Nittany_Discord: first of all what are you looking for, part time of full time job?
Soul: NO! I am in oblivion!
twilight_sprinkle: sorry world AND FUCK YOU COPY PASTE BUTTON
DocSane: Nice wordplay
it's happening now, with the current community
00,10So how goes the storry flutter_spin?
pretty much with any other franchise with a large fanbase
/me takes a bow.
cachi01: Why shouldn't we click on it?!
a lot of people into it solely for the money, which is what they have an issue with
and talented artist
/me crucifies cachi01
11,01superretroworld: Something not fast-paced.
Pretty good. I've extended the first story of "Drocsid" from 16,000 words to about 23,000 words
ShadowQuill: DONT DO IT
ShadowQuill it's the leakes Fighting is Magic
*leaked
...Why am I finding out so many horrible things today?
TELL ME WHATS ON THAT LINK RIGHT NOW YOUNG MAN!
The poor makers of Fighting is Magic..... having their trust betrayed like that.....
Lunar_Brony: BUT IT WOULD BE WORTH IT
lowfn: what Lunar_Brony said
ShadowQuill if you don't get back in the jar master Popo will punish both of us! D:
I've also developed a new language to add to the third story
lowfn it's the leaked Fighting is Magic
Just a little decipher code, mostly
11,01Part-time would be preferable.
Soul: I DON'T CAAARE
:O
Because you're adopted!
I refuse to click on the link in respect to the creators
jokes :P
cachi01: Was that link... illegal?!
o_o
Only evils play leaked games
ShadowQuill: There is a giant thread revolving around the leaked file
Nittany_Discord: well if your looking for one, then atleast your trtying, just remember that
i feel like i'd be btraying mane6 if i downloaded it
flutter_spin: where?
OMGOMG ITS REAL ITS REAL OMG
flutter_spin: on /mlp/?
ShadowQuill: technically no, you made to agreement with the FiM team. However, it wasn't there wish for it to be released. You may choose to respect their wishes or not
cause you touch yourself at night ?
You're all muffins.
Four things today in the pony fandom have made me sad
https://boards.4chan.org/mlp/res/3634340
their wish*
hellow :3
I feel like I'd be btraying Lauren if I downloadededededeededeed it
Grargh
NullRadix: For respect, I WILL NOT DOWNLOAD IT
Oh no wait, five
Five things
Don't worry. The thread is superlong. You have to dig for that link
pretty much a reason why I hate people who do fanart for the sole reason to get people to look at their art
/me highfives ShadowQuill
> kirz is hanging up his mod hat
or anything in general
Holy crap, Comcast just gave me a MAJOR internet speed boost.
> Fighting is Magic got leaked
11,01superretroworld: Seeking vocational rehabilitation.
Soul: YEEEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHH
flutter_spin I saw it without scrolling
flutter_spin: should be an entrtaining read
> I only just now find out about the Equestria Online incident
11,01They're going to help me.
I now recorded 50 Mbps down and 10 Mbps up.
11,01I had an appointment with them Friday.
11,01Last Friday.
Well they are trying to delete certain links in the thread.
But people keep posting new ones
Who here has seen the Weakest Link?
11,01cachi01: Please do not link that game here.
> People are profiteering off of ponies
i cant stand links
Silence will fall
It has been a horrible day for my inner fanboy.
all they do is hurt people
Nittany_Discord: thats good
why would anybody download a pony based fighting game
lowfn: NO
11,01Any further links to the Fighting is Magic leak will be treated as a spoiler and punished as such.
cachi01: Show some resolve and respect for the dev team and don't spread that copy around.
heh. I bet cachi01 will remember this like Spongebob losing his pants in "Hooked"
:)
Buytoast: Because
11,01I.E. Instant 24-hr ban.
Yay :)
internet explorer= 24 hr ban?:O
Very nice, Trix!
O.o
oh. um. ok. Sorry.
ShadowQuill: Yes, now turn around and youll forget youve ever had this very longconversation
nope
I didn't even know the game HAD been leaked.
not only does it hurt the creators, it also starts flame wars
Have some FUN stuff
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8L8ubez6vA
Nittany_Discord: wait did you go to it or did you miss it?
Uh....how exactly did that happen?
/me teleports away from ShadowQuill
/me afk
lowfn: I DON'T WANNA
It is far better than much that I have seen and you had better take that compliment like a man
CriticKitten: A testor broke his NDA.
The problem is that the story is getting out and um, I have a bad habit of finding out things
CriticKitten: QA member leaked it. I think there's a link on EQD
Do you trace or sketch?
11,01superretroworld: Already went.
CriticKitten: FiM team released a response letter
CriticKitten: As a result, the dev team cancelled the beta test program.
lowfn: Good enough. I just defecated in twilight_sprinkle's home yet again.
Nittany_Discord: oh
11,01They're getting my records together.
and now we cant have BSAs
both(?)
This is why we can't have nice things.
*BSUs
11,01I'll see them again at the end of this month.
that's what you get for trusting people
CriticKitten: Precisely.
I don't even know if I should be talking about you-know-what
MUST UST HOUS
11,01BSUs?
Bite Sized Updates
Nittany_Discord Bite-Sized Updates
Open for a bit of advice that should maybe be taken with a grain of salt from a guy who is not a professional?
/me goes and dusts twilight_sprinkle 's home and everything in it
define trace :p
Tracing over existing art
/me then dusts ShadowQuill 's face and runs teleports away
Does not include copy-drawing.
basically, a post explaining progress n' stuff
anything gonna happen tonight?
Were you going to draw Sweetie and Applebloom too TheGreatAndPowerfulT ?
someone just HAD to be famous
twilight_sprinkle: I have yet again defecated all throughout your household.
They did a good job with the art.
when i feel like it (?) dunno i draw at random
again
sorry for that link
twilight_sprinkle: Thou angered, brother?
IM SORRY
well hello!
STREAM!!
STREAM
WHOA
and STREAM!
What's this?
i only look at the pic while doing my own
THANK THE LAUREN
STREEEEEAAAAAAMMMMM
WHOOAA
Tera?
Okay, that's good.
WHOOOAAA
Ohai Stream
WTF am I looking at?
Woah!! Dafuq!?!
who's streaming? :3
who stream?
PEGASUS
PEGASUS!!
It looks ... Final Fantasy style
the bullocks?
it's TERA!
Who be steaming?
So yeah, you're doing very well.
now what is this?
Tera?
Is this like some strange version of My Little Pony
Omg! It is! :o
Tera Online?
You scared the s:ot out of me with sudden stream o_o
Sumica u streamin'?
in that one only looked at the drums scoots was without guide
it's Tera
oh forgot to say, nice work TGaP
I've heard about it, but I never investigated the game
what is this?
Hell yeeeeeah
Oh, so.
You know Star Wars Old Republic is going F2P
it's Tera
hmm, tera really is purty
Want a tip that may or may not be relevant seeing as I haven't actually seen you draw?
i bet SuperBrony64 is streaming
More like My Big Horse
I know.
wdain Fall yeah
flutter_spin: this fall yes
11,02O.O
The screen isnt centered
O_O That scared the hell out of me - was listening to the story of the Willowmen then suddenly super loud volume of the strem
TOR
http://oi45.tinypic.com/168bm0n.jpg THIS IS WHAT I WANTED TO LINK
SB!
flutter_spin: right now it's up to level 15
nice graphics
WHO IS THE STREAMER!?!
Tera is going Guild Wars style.
I like the aesthetic
cachi01: AMAZING
YEESS MOTHERFUCKERS
shoot
the heck is going on
cachi01: . . .
SuperBrony64 are you straming?
TARA STRONG AT DRAGONCON!
Okay, actually, two
I can see forever
time travel?
Kandarihu: so is Guild wars 2
Apparently you enter portals and go Stargate SG 1 on people's asses.
11,02I'm not streaming o.o
Yeah. The problem is I've been holding onto the game case for about 6 months for my brother
Woah, that's one heck of a loading screen.
cachi01: lol i see my text
Bronysith: Whaaat? :o
who is streaming then?
Now... ugh!
Who IS streaming?
/me scratches his chin
Chains: lol
Double tap then
First, I think you could benefit from working on sketching technique abit.
:D
Allegr0: Mer? Not entirely.
lol Bronysith
oUo
Nittany_Discord U streamin'?
BUFFER
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Hey Sumica, are you looking forward to Phantasy Star Online 2?
11,01Nope.
Like, as in, sketching lines with the pencil
Good timing
stream has been hacked :o
Bronysith: Have fun with that. She's gonan be at Canterlot Gardens in September. I might be goign to that :P
CriticKitten: well, it is, but also not really ;)
*Gonna
That or use a different hardness pencil; some erased lines show
*Going
stream is being leaked
Wrek|Observiking . . . are you even at the computer?
canterlot gardens is gonna be a blast
I dont want to see Tara.... I want to See TABITHA!! :'(
STREAM IS HACKED?!
perhaps it's shizu?
Plus getting curves right, but that's really just a lot of practice.
What will be the thing you guys can't wait for: Season 3, Double Rainboom fanmade episode, SWAG.MOV, or the My Little Dashie movie?
Can't tell. It could be any pony playing
...sumica?
Second, do you use an undersketch?
Shizuka U streamin'?
Allegr0: Tera's ....weird. It's like if WoW and GW2 had an unwanted child.
none of those ShadowQuill
Quick_Thinker: IKR? So I might see you there :3
flutter_spin: OH COME ON
13not streaming
well that was short lived
they are actually making a my little dashie movie im sorry but it will fail badly
O.O
Everypony abandon stream abandon stream!
So someone who wasn't a mod was streaming that?
Well, no. I should say....it's like if WoW and GW2 had an orgy with every single Korean MMO on the planet.
CriticKitten: yeah, I've heard VERY mixed things about the game, om both extremes
I never read My Little Dashie. MOV is a bit gross for me. Double Rainbow... is fine, but "can't wait"
Quick_Thinker: And WHY do you think THAT?!
maybe... it was a ghost
CriticKitten: yeah but that baby ends up beating one of his gfathers and competing against the other one
MOV?
Now Season 3 gets me excited, but I want to finish my fanfic first
IT WAS A GHOST!
GIGGLE AT IT!
^
/me giggles
cachi01: lolwat?
its hard to capture emotions of that story IN A MOVIE THINGS CHANGE WHEN YOUR MAKING AMOVIE
/me giggles at otakon
/me giggles at the ghostie
why is everyone freaking out wha was on stream?
/me laughs evilly
CriticKitten: this is better than WoW
Wait there is gonna be a My Little Dashie movie? O.O
/me giggles at Jim, otakon, and Soul
00,10so many pings
CriticKitten: but its competing against GW2
Only asking because I can't tell; it's hard sometimes to guess the process from the end product.
lol Sumica :)
Ponies47: Eeyup
Hi Sumi
ShadowQuill: When is it coming out?
I would like to know if any of the mods are looking forward to PSO2, so that it might get streamed when it comes out.
cachi01: Technically it's competing with WoW, GW2, Aion, SWTOR, Rift....
sumica were you streaming?
Ponies47: SOON
Well, all of those EXCEPT GW2.
00,10streaming what?
Lunar_Brony: I'm not a bot :P
except for the ones that aren't out or already ded
Sumica, Tera
o.o'
ShadowQuill: is it independent/fan made or an actual movie?
Seriously, I got what I wanted from Target already. I can't wait for my brother to play with me. THAT is what I want.
I could stream something, but I am not even suppsed to acknoledge being in the beta :/
who streamed?
Allegr0 oh, sorry! I've never seen you before. Were you streaming?
CriticKitten: i thnk a friend told me about Aion is that the one with 3 worlds?? and each world with its own castle??
Quick_Thinker: Why on Earth or in Equestria would you think that the My Little Dashie movie would FAIL?!
Lunar_Brony: nope :P
superretroworld I'm guessing indie
00,10I could stream tera if you want.
LOL
a my little dashie movie willl be hard to make the story we could read his thoughts and his feeling when you fo that with a movie it turns into quite a mess and can make the story seem sloppy
Sumica: thats kewl
'Lo?
Sumica oh you.
Ponies47: Err... no.
maybe... it was Tom
nice thing about GW2, ArenaNet feels no need to get in a pissing contest with Blizzard, which will make for a better game in the end
Anypony up for some Nesquik?
Ponies47: BUT IT MIGHT
Tom?
EL O
00,10would probably be boreing to watch though
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Hello?
Quick_Thinker, it's basically the same barrier as every visual novel being adapted into an anime series ever.
ShadowQuill: Like I said. If it does. I'M SEEING IT! I DON'T CARE WAIT THEY SAY! I'M SEEING IT!
Quick_Thinker: The main character also has a narration, so problem solved.
cachi01: GW2 was set up somewhat smartly, it doesn't have to compete with WoW or the others because it's a $60 always-available game.
My brother and I WILL play Guild Wars 2... as soon as we play Portal 2, Star Wars: Old Republic, Lord of the Rings Online: Rohan, Minecraft.....
Soul thing that announces episode time
kirz|art: yup, they're very much looking out the the health of the game, and the fans who don't bitch and whine
Ponies47: I AM WITH YOU
/me is so confus
Soul I've asked all the mods if they were streaming. I'm thinking it was Sumica.
but I don't know for sure . . .
I can't wait for it, loved the beta weekends
I'm going to play GW2 so hard
sumica said he didnt
also another thing is its a bad idea to make a movie based on that i mean sure the story has emotions and some confilcts but othe then that i cant see it working
Right now, Starcraft 2 is undergoing technical issues with 1.5
If For Want of a Dawn or Sunset weren't grimdark, they would make good movies
So that game is out for the time being
Soul oh . . . crap.
00,10Actaly i never said it was't me =p
00,10trololol
/me shrugs
I MUST SEE MY LITTLE DASHIE MOVIE! It even has its own site!
Reikim i have this http://i49.tinypic.com/zu0ff6.jpg , i have no technique whatsoever, and i don't even know what is an undersketch
Ponies47: YEAH!
kirz|art, There was a 4 hour stress test today actually :P
Oi, then knowing it would help
Okay
How to explain this...
...
i thought you did.... XD
Sumica is best Bronystate troll.
...
btw I like your eraser
Quick_Thinker: You never know. But yeah your right :P
/me hates work
I didn't get into Guild Wars 2 beta. I didn't preorder and the keys went out in like a minute.
/me poops the word YEAH on the ground in twilight_sprinkle's house
Oh, right, the stress test.
/me dusts the poop
I totally forgot. Not like it matters though.
/me cleans off the poop
But Secret World is free this weekend!
Soul: YOU FAIL. It is uncleanable
And no sarcasm there, it's a nice eraser, I wish I had an eraser like that
I already know how I feel about it.
I do want to do that!
woah woah what?
get in the jar!
Okay
i don't :p i make smudges too often
stop that
Soul: BUCK NO
kirz|art join the club. Membership is free, no stings attached. You get a complimentary ID card and reserved parking space.
Say you wanted to draw a head\
*strings
k
Or, if you're feeling ambitious, an entire human body.
RINA CHAN IS PRINCESS CELESTIA IN MY LITTLE DASHIE????????
no stings. lol. THE BEES!
Lunar_Brony: please let there be no stings attached
Lunar_Brony: Can I join to!?! :D
Found a little easteregg in GW2 today http://i.imgur.com/BuR1l.jpg :P
Anything - ANYTHING - can be broken down into basic shapes.
cachi01: WHAT?! OH MY BUCKING GOD THIS IS AMAZING
Ponies47 do you hate work?
cachi01: Oh one more thing. TERA is heavily hyped for its combat, but....honestly? It feels like a more clunky version of GW2 combat to me.
hahahahaah
Jim. Nice.
Allegr0 no stings either.
Lunar_Brony: good :P
Lunar_Brony: I bucking hate work. -_-
Lunar_Brony: DAMN I GOT STUNG
/me brakes Reikim into basic shapes
Most commonly circles, triangles, rectangles, and their three-dimensional counterparts.
kirz|art join the club. Membership is free, no strings (or stings) attached. You get a complimentary ID card and reserved parking space.
HEY WAKE UP
ShadowQuill work lover . . .
ShadowQuill SCIENCE!!!!1!!
If you take away all the fancy details - hair, eyes, nose, mouth, fingers, toes, etc - then the body can be visualized as a series of three-dimensional shapes interacting.
awake?
I played the trial of TERA and was like "wait, this is the highly toted combat? Can I go back to GW2 now?"
science?
/me hugs my Crystal Set http://www.mylittleponynews.com/2012/05/pony-rainbow-collection-translucent.html
Science_Brony: WHAT HAPPEN
What we watching?
ShadowQuill I yelled in your ear
http://mylittledashie-movie.tumblr.com/
hi Shooeie. ATM, nothing
We're not watching anything as far as I can see, Shooeie
Lunar_Brony: I farted on twilight_sprinkle's toast. BEAT THAT
wait a second. I remember something. Hangon ShadowQuill . Let me find the link
ShadowQuill and that acomplishes?
Do we REALLY need a My Little Dashie movie? Really?
ShadowQuill I have a Muffin Cannon and Mini-Muffin Gatling Gun, both of which I built myself.
DocSane yes. Yes we do.
Dken2021: EVERYTHING
sooo skeleton ?
A My Little Dashie movie?
Lunar_Brony: :O
Do we really need to see an alegory of some lonely fan wishing he had a pony as a daughter?
Shooeie: Yup
im gonna go, see ya at movie night!
cya Soul
For such things as ponies and humans, it allows you to get proportions/poses/perspective down before it gets really complicated, which is nice because it's easier to correct such things without lots of detail.
seeya Soul
A bit like a skeleton.
DocSane: Oh, stop being pessimistic.
So, a head.
Later, Soul
y'know what movie I'm interested in seeing complete? Zero Charisma
DocSane: no we dont but you know...
ShadowQuill: I'm ALWAYS pessimistic when it comes to fanfic.
A head would start as a circle, and then built on to make the rest of it.
BYE Soul
seeya soul
An arm is two cylinders joined by a sphere.
DocSane: Erm... okay?
DocSane being pissimistic is my shtick!
ugh! I can't find it. It was a pic of Rarity in a potatoe
so STFU
Lunar_Brony: Heh heh heh, you said PISSimistic
The torso is a bigger, squatter cylinder bonded to a pyramid-thingy by a ball.
And so on.
Bye everypony
seeya Chains
Because for every well-written story, there's ten mediocre ones, twenty mastabatory ones, and then the one or two ones that are just outright sickening.
http://www.indiegogo.com/zerocharismamovie here's a trailer for it btw
flutter_spin: IN A POTATO?!
ShadowQuill I'm too lazy to correct it
lol yeah ShadowQuill . It was funny.
well im not being a pessimist im just saying the idea for movie on my little dashie sounds nice on paper but its going to be a bitch to pull it off
Undersketches are really nice because they save time and make things prettier in the end.
I can keep searching, if you want
*Ahem* Bai, everypony! ^-^
seeya Chains
bai Chains
see ya Chains
Bye Chains
I keep imagining a poorly shot video with some dude in his studio apartment with a CGI Rainbow Dash in a box.
Quick_Thinker: They have a lot of brony artists and the movie is almost finished
With a pony, it would look somethign like this: http://www.bmloeffelman.com/pictures/MLP/quick_undersketch.jpg
DocSane: Well, that is not what it will be like at all.
It'll be very sincere and almost unwatchable.
ShadowQuill already? Wow, I just learned about it today
None of these lines will make it into the final product, but they're just as (if not more) important than the many little details that will come later.
well artists dont matter you need DIRECTORS AND PEOPLE WITH FILM EXPERIENCE
btw, hate those back legs
Bitch and a half, I know.
ShadowQuill: And what will it be like?
DocSane: Lies. It will not be anything like that.
and actors
DocSane please take your negativity elsewhere. Also, nom on this muffin
I usually just look hard at it and take a wild guess.
/me throws a muffin at DocSane
Talking about GW2, they had a Brony reference in one of their official videos recently: http://youtu.be/BCNxPTgrIHQ?t=33s
yeah, half the time they come out perfect, half the time they're a complete mess
Okay, okay, it could be good. It MIGHT be good.
Anyway yeah, undersketches.
DocSane: Well, I don't know, butt i will be MUCH BETTER than you think it is!
Lunar_Brony: Where do you get all thes muffins!?! :D
*but not ass
*these
Fundamental artistic skill. Mastering the undersketch is a massive leap forward for graphic artists.
I'm just saying that the odds are that it won't be.
hey everyone!
Ponies47 Luna baked them
hi rinshiShiZuKaNo
Less important for classical or abstract/non-objective artists.
Could I haz a muffin?
Lunar_Brony: O.O
Will try to use it, but can't promise anything
:)
/me throws a muffin at lowfn and Ponies47
If I could give you one tip, I'd tell you to use undersketches.
Seriously, they're that important.
goddamnit ShadowQuill , have you been pooping on my house again????
/me Noms on the Lunar_Brony muffin
/me allows muffin to slide past his teeth through his throat and into his belly which is lined with taste buds
/me Wonders what ever happend to the 1 Shane377 guy
Circles come out rounder, legs come out the right length, and eyes get placed properly in the head.
also you need a very good set and hell the set will be mostly a house and the outside that will be east but the actors will the angles will be the toughest to do you have to get angle right in the movie or else it feels like a mess
im new to bronystate whats up
lali-ho rinshiShiZuKaNo
Welcome to Bronystate rinshiShiZuKaNo !
nothing much
DocSane: STOP BEING PESSIMISTIC! Being a pessimist means you think that just because it has not been made yet, it will be awful! Us optimists have a better thought on life! For example, we think of twilight_sprinkle's house as half FULL of poop, not half empty!
rinshiShiZuKaNo: did ya read the rules and welcome
With the right understanding of a pony's underketch, you can draw it in any pose whatsoever without reference.
Well welcome to bronystate rinshiShiZuKaNo!
rinshiShiZuKaNo: welcome to the herd
ShadowQuill uh, he left
dunno been use this one sometimes http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-7bS-XNQmBnk/TeX7B0XqZMI/AAAAAAAAFTE/AWktwZT1XAA/s1600/Clipboard01.jpg
hello
rinshiShiZuKaNo: Welcome to Bronystate! I hope you enjoy your stay!
Dken2021: DAMMIT
ALL THAT WORK FOR BUCKING NOTHING?!
rinshiShiZuKaNo currently, the stream is down, we're welcoming you, and I am throwing muffins.
ShadowQuill: thats it. im calling satan to t ake you to hell
/me throws a muffin at rinshiShiZuKaNo
Lunar_Brony: Luna baked?
/me ditches muffins at Lunar_Brony
You're a muffin.
I has lightning out my window ._.
twilight_sprinkle: NO WAIT
ShadowQuill of course
That's just an image, right
?
and we are also talking about a my little dashie movie
yeah
twilight_sprinkle: I CAN CHANGE
Celes_Chere she might want an elixer
God my connection sucks
ShadowQuill: <.<
one of the best ref guides for ponies out there I believe
11,01superretroworld: If you wanted details: http://nittany-tiger.tumblr.com/post/28587975772/http-nittany-tiger-tumblr-com-post-28100307748-vo
Jmo4267 sorry, who is a muffin?
You're a muffin.
Quick_Thinker: And an evil pessimist whom I was arguing fiercely with just left!
;D
ShadowQuill: your on thin ice. i have my hand on the phone to satan
Dken2021: Dam, all I have are Hi-Potions
Need to see
/me begins to dust the destruction ShadowQuill has casued
I don't draw ponies nearly often enough
i did read the rules i had some help from a good friend he told me to be chill i am postive you know him!
twilight_sprinkle: WHAT'S HIS NUMBER?!
What I really wish I could draw is trees. That would be very nice...
ShadowQuill: ill never tell.
ShadowQuill: 666-666-1337
and who is this friend?
lowfn: I leveled buildings while arguing?
Nittany_Discord you have been followed :3
twilight_sprinkle: IT IS 666
all depends on how much detail you're getting into :3
ShadowQuill: Yes and Im dusting the agrued air
fluttercry!!
Ooh
13oh joy... someone whose nick pings me...
That is a VERY good ref guide for ponies
ShadowQuill: fine. but im a persona frind of his, when anyone else calls him, he sends them to hell
lol
oh flutterecry eh?
I C no fluttercry
ouvbhwrglvuehvgtwilight_sprinklegvnaerhveg
hm i have fluttercry on my steam other then that nah
he's not on atm
Although when actually drawing you have to make allowances for personal style.
ShadowQuill: well alrighty then?
we had it linked in the art dept skype group for new people, and I have it saved locally for when I need a ref
yes he just got me hoked on mlp i love it!!
twilight_sprinkle: Me and him have a deal... I am stuck dusting as my job.. I stay outta hell
My ponies always come out looking vaguely manga-ish...my fault for drawing the same thing for years >.>
Saving this pic in Reference and never deleting it
...As soon as it finishes loading.
Shizuka I would hope so. What good would your nick be if you weren't pinged by it?
twilight_sprinkle: That was Satan's message to you. He says not to send me to hell, because I will poop so much I will return to Earth.
lowfn: im his personal human psychologist, i report my findings to him in letter every week, thats my deal
and kirz link it to me
HOLY FARTNUGGETS BATMAN!
new fan are ya? well, all I gotta say is: expect hugs and silly fillies
twilight_sprinkle: Wow! That sound sso original!
ShadowQuill: lies, hell is infinite, he would never say that. try that again, and im calling him
/me throws a muffin at Dken2021
Trix, he's talking about the pic you posted.
/me eats that muffin
same kirz link me that pic
lowfn: err, actually i didnt intend to refer to that movie :P
/me grabs muffin and slam dunk it in his mouth
PONI
twilight_sprinkle: Satan says you should meet up wth him back in Hell.
and been using it sometimes
/me owns a TARDIS
hahaha. No wonder I couldn't find it. It wasn't Rarity. It was Luna. http://lovetomorrowlove.tumblr.com/post/19618121378/woona-in-a-potato
. . .
In other news, I now know why I have such issues with the legs...they have more joints than I thought.
ShadowQuill: ....who says im not already there
I don't get it.
flutter_spin: Potatuna
still ike how im the only one with a Q in their name wait min curses its ruined by ShadowQuill NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
:3
ShadowQuill sounds like a fish
fishsticks and custard!
Man that took some digging
Quick_Thinker well the only one with it in the frist letter
Silly me, treating forelegs like one-jointed human legs...
YEAH
3
2
1
all right y'all i will be back tomorrw for the streem gota go :)
twilight_sprinkle: So it is like if someone says GO TO HELL you say "Ha ha, I'm already here!"
yep, can't forget the 2nd elbow
Oh I'
seeya rinshiShiZuKaNo
ShadowQuill: yeah
see ya rinshiShiZuKaNo
13so much ping...
seeya rinshiShiZuKaNo , and hope you enjoy the movies tomorrow
huh still the only one with a Q at the first
ShadowQuill well, I am already here
Oh I'm already going to hell, I'm just trying to get a good spot.
How do you guys type his name so fast
ShadowQuill: You watched "Wrath of the Titans" haven't you?
Shizuka pong.
13lowfn: lrn2tabcomplete
Muffins.
Finally! A Good Thing happened today.
flutter_spin: Nope
:)
lowfn, Start to type name, then hit tab to autocomplete
really? they make that reference
So, who wants a matchstick puzzle?
twilight_sprinkle: me
twilight_sprinkle: I farted on it
evening everyone ;)
good evening Ryunosuke
hai Ryunosuke
/me dusts the puzzle ShadowQuill farted on
ShadowQuill: thaTS IT. IM CALLING hIM.
I want to draw something, but I'm not really sure what right now
*farts on lowfn*
/me dusts self nervously
twilight_sprinkle: DO IT. HE IS MAH BESS FREND
Ok, that's kind of weird. The way I randomly arranged the ponies on my desk - Big Mac's nose is on Pinkie Pie's forehead
*sigh* immaturity at it's worst
ShadowQuill: get ready to buuuuuurn
Guild Wars ponies o.o
/me watches ShadowQuill sink into the ground
flutter_spin: Aww, it's like a little kiss!
flutter_spin: Toy Story
flutter_spin umm, okay
I'm supposed to draw a Shizu at some point...
I have no other response to taht
*that
twilight_sprinkle: But I'm still here! On Earth!
HERRO.
I have some sketches but now I'll have to go back with new knowledge
Also lazy
lol Lunar_Brony
hi PinkiePieCopy
I'm supposed to finish a Shizu picture before she kills me >.>
....Anything streaming?
twilight_sprinkle: YOUR PLAN FAILED, FEATHERBRAIN. MWAHAHAHAAA
Hai PinkiePieCopy
PinkiePieCopy not ATM
I was in a rush. I just piled them on the desk
Has she set a time and date when that's going to happen?
My birthday was yesterday.
ShadowQuill: look around you, youre in hell
13.-.
umm... was supposed to be for her birthday...
draw reikim drawing me who is drawing you all at the same time
twilight_sprinkle: So Earth is Hell?
Okay, everyone. I'm out. Night. See you at movie night tomorrow.
so... soon?
I want pony toys, but I'm broke.
PinkiePieCopy: happy late bday
g'night DocSane
lowfn: http://cs402628.userapi.com/v402628892/cc3/SHxj8oEmqR0.jpg the objective is to move 2 matches to make 4 1x1 squares and nothing more
/me hugs Shizuka
Lunar_Brony: Brony Problems
night DocSane
ShadowQuill: *sigh*
PinkiePieCopy: Happy lateday to you! Happy lateday to you! Happy late day deat PinkiePieCopy .. Happy lateday to you
what movie are we watching tommorow?
hai shizu
Yo Shizu
twilight_sprinkle: You failed
scott pilgram
I will draw you soon...I just get distracted is all
vs the world
heh. http://www.fimfiction.net/user/flutterspin/blog is my Blog. Not sure why I chose to post there
i loved that movie
13on a different note, as awesome as this seed for minecraft is... the nearest snowy biome is like 6km away from home.. and there's too much swamplands...
Quick_Thinker: OOH!
Maybe I should get a tumblr? naw...
superretroworld: Amnesia. Dark descent. pokerface.
I never seen Scott Pilgrim vs The World! But Ive always wanted to!
Also I dread having to learn to scan and fix my pictures in GIMP
I don't even blog
13thankfully the extreme hills biome i live in is nice and big, with three strongholds at the edge
:$
Strongholds?
lowfn it's funny. It also takes place in Canada
13portals to the endgame
....
Has anyone seen the Ask The Crusader Tumblr? It is really cool
Fuck
Ask flutterspin would be amazing.
Aha
http://cheezburger.com/6475612160
*squee*
Reikim, scanning sketches or finished images?
I've never seen those, but I haven't played much
I've never found a stronghold ..
eh i have no blog no one really thinks of me as artistic or talented but if i get the money im probely going to start up a lets play channel
how doesn one burn copy . . .
*coffee
Lunar_Brony: ................. Canada made Justin Beiber
Found two villages very close once though
PinkiePieCopy: what about anemsia?
kirz|art: I get the linework done, and hand-done shading, but I dread trying to take that to the computer and touching it up with a mouse...
lowfn a country doesn't make things
Also colours
13http://i.imgur.com/SiXDg.jpg
I never quite got the hang of colours
Lunar_Brony: He was born there :|
superretroworld: Inb4 look behing ya
EVERYONE! YOU MUST WATCH THIS! IT IS YOUR SOLEMN DUTY! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDdL4z5qfr4
13i'm quite a long way from any good villages though..
lowfn so was I
no
enough of that damned video
ooh, where did you get that map?
I've got Minecraft but I never play
Buytoast: :O
i have watched that video like 40 times
ShadowQuill: how did i know it was goign to be picture perfect pony...
I host for my two friends and they play all the time but I never get around to messing around with them
start blocky with the shades, blur between, and use the layers :)
Lunar_Brony: What is Scott Pilgrim vs The World about? I just liked it because the name :D
still LOVE it also played it over a cod lobby THEY SANG TO IT :S
ShadowQuill: that songs in yts most popular videos atm
(aside from tossing them the occasional exploding kittens, but whatever)
SuperBrony got a server that's allways up, but I'm not sure if it's working correctly after the patch now
So much practiiiice
Bronysith: I... just heard about it! I didn't mean to make anyone angry! :'(
There are some really nice wallpapers this time around
I think I've played the free version of minecraft once, but I don't think I would pay $30 for it
I'm always angry
and an asshole
PEOPLE IN COD SANG TO A PONY SONG I AM SURPRISED AS YOU
*coughCRACKEDVERSIONcough*
It costs $30 now??
Love Rarity.
last I checked
I bought it for like 10
The other reason I don't play much...makes me uneasy.
lowfn a kid who gets a girfriend, but for one bucked up reason or another, he has to defeat her 7 exes in combat. He also has a gay roommate.
lowfn: sooo did you check out the puzzle?
$26
kirz|art: Which program do you use?
twilight_sprinkle: I beated our primitave puzzles
flutter_spin: lol i was just about to download that
your*
lowfn: orly? how then?
Buytoast: Asshole? IN THE BATHROOM.
ShadowQuill: you know the fluttershy emote doesnt help your cause
SAI iirc
SAI?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LOuNX2azWRQ Did someone say SING?
same as wrek
What's that?
I've been using Sai most often lately, but I have GIMP, Inkscape, and Photoshop Elements set up as well for different stuff
twilight_sprinkle: I have no idea.. I forgot how I did after I watched a couple seconds of that Picture Perfect Pony video
flutter_spin: That was awesome.
What is Sai?
lowfn: riiiiiiiiite
dERP
Whoa
Caps on
flutter_spin: :D
i have bacon hair the drunk singer and my iphone i have a recording of him singing the theme drunk
/me sends ShadowQuill to a bowser space and makes him lose his coins. problem?
flutter_spin: Did you say sing?! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvNLjOuYSFQ
http://sai.detstwo.com/sai/
I love that one part in Picture Perfect Pony when Photo Finish won't leave Emerald May alone.
I have only seen one other brony since I have gotten here =(
Another page I can take an hour loading =.=
PinkiePieCopy: WHY WOULD YOU DO THIS
similar to illustrator, it's set up mainly for tablet interface
Most importantly, is it freeware or must I spend money?
/me then beats ShadowQuill in a minigame and becomes the superstar. Yays.
$60 bucks
Oh tablet
that link is the free version
PinkiePieCopy: *uppercuts Bowser into lava* I WIN, BITCH
lol. good o' Yaplap
flutter_spin: Have some more FUN AND SONG AND SINGING LALALALa http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&v=lHr5mi9graw&NR=1
I am sadly not in a position to acquire a tablet...
13there's a demo mode for minecraft now
135 days per world
well, works best with a tablet, but with practice I've seen people do good either way
I think I like his make on The Gala (because I love that song)
Barbetos|Quakecon: did you say only one brony on here? as in bronystate?
/me makes ShadowQuill ShadowBowser so he nurns insnead.nnnnnnnnnnnnn
No. Here at Quakecon
I lost some of my singing voice to puberty
...Why not, I'll try it
also i could find a way to get this to the internet but i have been trying for month to decihper it so far all i got is my little ponys my little ponys ahahahhah my little pony u to think whay beer could be
Ooh, nice and small too
And he is some old 30 year old neck beard. Kinda scured me
Barbetos|Quakecon: :<
hi...
so that's the free version ?
hi CCCP
30 yr old neckbeards
HIYA CCCP!!
hi CCCP
Vordox: PLEASE HELP MY LUNGS ARE BURNING FROM LAUGHTER
=DDDD
sounds like brony talk
has a set of vector tools as well, but they don't compare to Inkscape's setup
hi
yep
HEY CCCP
ShadowQuill: :D
hi CCCP
^^ I still have some brony wave files bookmarked, if you want me to link some :)
Da BINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNding of iszick!
Two megs
what's the diference between that and the 60 bucks one ?
hi potato_pony Lunar_Brony Ponies47 and Quick_Thinker
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVm8KvF32qk
hard to pick up a new game right now Shizuka, down to 10GB left on my HD >.<
Anyone EVER gonna stream?
Actually
one's unofficial
Vordox: well atleast it wasnt flutterwonder
PinkiePieCopy eventually
Has anone ever considered streaming MOTHER 3?
Restream the Quakecon stream if you decide to stream =D
OMG
unofficial translation""
HI PinkiePieCopy
anyone*
Oh and DAWN GUARD IS OUT NOW!!
Try singing this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z6m0j22AoWM
superretroworld: Hehe
..Wow.
That was so fast
I HAVNT SEEN YOU IN FOREVER PinkiePieCopy!
I have a feeling I'll like this program
Vordox: SHE TURNED INTO SOLRAC
you all know this one . . . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-3wp2VVhKQ
I do
blah. That album of Gorillaz has better songs CCCP
ShadowQuill: XD
and it's what Wrek has been using lately
CCCP: No one has.
flutter_spin but i like the hidden means in that song
meanings*
Guys I have a question for all of you
I still get shivers down my spine whenever I hear that song
hey guys
Do any of you have ONE IDEA of what mother 3 is?
pokey
machines
Thrackerzod hi
dystopia
Shooeie: I LOVe the comments :D
that about right?
PinkiePieCopy uhh, no
Shooeie: "Was he actually hitting the notes""Lolnope"
Rina Chan is a beautiful singer
oh oh oh and the wallpapers. Sheesh. Lunar_Brony , you've seen those right?
And so is YapLap
im still pissed mother 3 never got released outside of japan

about the music indusrtry and how people rush songs out flutter_spin
flutter_spin I haven't checked in a long time. TO THE INTERNET!!!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZeqsIQzs8sw&feature=related if you havent seen it

*batman theme*
Anyone wants a matchstick puzzle?
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/6255/
WANNA KNOW THE MEANING OF LIFE?!
guess not :<
ShadowQuill, 42
ShadowQuill 42
superretroworld: there's an AMAZING fan translation out there, and apparently translated with Nintendo's guidelines for a GBA game
Thrackerzod: I didn't like it, like the others. I just don't like them fighting like that. Seems... silly when comparing it to the song
42 is not the answer. The REAL answer is... wait for it...
okay, is anyone casting or is mips.tv being stupid?

Hallo!
robokun: nothings on
hi pony_1530
hoi pony_1530
but for now, back to Shizupic
hai pony_1530
Best Derpy tribute song. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qc-YMUWvA1s&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ&index=13&feature=plpp_video <----
robokun: ik, but still its hard to get
robokun, No stream ATM
her world
Looks like
The song didn't really do it for me Vordox
Vordox: WAAAHAHHAHAAAAA
SAD
I am so freaking sad.
No one knows what mother 3 is. :(
Then again, I don't care for The Aviators either
flutter_spin: You probably cannot connect to it then. :)
Im installing steam :D
Who cares about the aviators? The lyrics
...It's really weird, seeing what I've drawn from up close like this
the way the computer sees it.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E20jsywkLaY&feature=related Oh my...
:$ Finally it wanted to work.
PuddingCupz, Steam is good for you, but bad for your wallet
Now Tysolin remixes. I love that guy.
PinkiePieCopy it's an RPG for the GBA developed by Nintendo.
Jim: Indeed. SMB is 15 bucks...
btw Reikim, do you have a DA with stuff up? Not sure if I've seen your work before
Jim: so true, especially during a sale
Never
Lunar_Brony: Hm? LUNAR BRONY..... Y U NO SPEAK UP LAST 2 TIMES!?
Nothing's airing D:
oh yeah, I spent 130 Euro on the summer sale ::P
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/6270/ :P
BUY ALL THE GAMES!!!
I have a DA but I made it ages ago to converse with a fanfic buddy
PinkiePieCopy I just looked it up.
Yeah ShadowQuill . A little too weird for my taste. Not much pony without the video either
Lunar_Brony: Oh. Then that doesn't count.
Never touched it, but I still get updates on some artists
AttacktheAndalite: animorphs reference?
But really, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E20jsywkLaY&feature=related is terrifying, but still. Ponies and dubstep
PinkiePieCopy at least I know what it is. I've never touched a GBA.
/me sits in a corner because no one knows what Mother 3 is...... with Kumatora.
PinkiePieCopy: I SORTA MIGHT PROBABLY KNOW
Don't make me do it ~ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2MhqHCpBVKY&feature=player_embedded
ShadowQuill: Orly.
ShadowQuill did you google it?
like me?
Okay, so now I'm finally caught up on the whole leak ....thing. There, now I don't feel behind. >_>
PinkiePieCopy: Months ago
aw :( :P
PinkiePieCopy, It's been streamed before here
flutter_spin: THE HELL
Great dat damn Derpy made me sad...
Jim: WHEN. WHAT.
SOME HAPPY SONG TIME! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LniRa3K2Tgw
Utada has good music to art by :)
ShadowQuill: You know the reference, right?
I have exactly one pic I scanned for Alister because he wanted to see.
BEST SONG EVER http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDdL4z5qfr4&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA&index=7&feature=plpp_video
and yes, I am being random today
Mother 3 was streamed a loooong time ago
Random's good
flutter_spin: Lollipop Chainsaw
Jim: Well they need to do it again.
I agree
Vordox: I LOVE THAT SONG AND THE SERIES
yeah. Dan Vs FIM tumblr heh
RainBowJack I have that too man times
*seen that
not the best song ever but top noch animation and lip syching
Jim: Best game EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR. Btw...... YOU FOUND A HOTSPRING I N A FUCKING TWO INCH PRESENT.
RainBowJack: I already posted that link.
when i see Lollipop chiansaw i only hear TWILIGHT!!
GOD DAMN MY FEELS I KNOW THEM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ydbcr2KhD1Q&feature=channel&list=UL
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UbaGodU_Gkw
tf2 anyone?
Thrackerzod: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xA9dFZJtQWc
What's the difference between a regular layer and a linework layer?
linework is a vector layer
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FIaIaoZvfvA&feature=g-vrec
different set of options for it
I want to be a oompa loompa, Take me to them so the deed can be done.
Vordox seen it i just know discorsds feel in that song
regular is bitmap
OH OH OH! I know! Someone should stream the Slenderman game: http://www.pcgamer.com/2012/07/26/slender-man-source-mod-will-let-you-scare-the-hell-out-of-yourself-for-free-with-friends/
Thrackerzod: Dat crazy fanon family
So many links I cnat keep up
Shooeie IKR?
k, so nothing I need to worry about
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fKiRIMDNj4A&feature=relmfu
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcVxtyaATq8 Pay close attention to the Lyras and Bon Bon
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&list=ULYdbcr2KhD1Q&NR=1&v=4PjIhs72l0A
not really, I only pop one up if I need a reference for lighting
ShadowQuill: Or Sethisto, or FLuffy, or Snails.
ShadowQuill: Or Flim
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MaSKYmpWXZw&feature=BFa&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA when ever i hear this song i just get happy
ALL the links
Vordox: Yeah.
draw out some line from a light source, and since they're vectors they're going to give you a straight-edge unless you mess with them
Everyone: I am a pegasister but i would like to be called a brony :|
Here is a robot fight for ya
Now you see, THAT Rainbow Factory PMV is probably the only one I cared for
Vordox: One of my favorite pony songs though
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8er83h9Bbn8&feature=g-hist
someone stream something to end the waves of links god damn
I stopped clicking links at Rainbow Factory
Copied stuff over into another layer, time to try lineart. One finger on Control, another on Z, let's do this.
Most PMVs are nicely done, but really not my taste
Lunar_Brony: Mine's mostly safe. :)
Y RAINBOW FACTORY IS GOOD
I think the Smile Brony Project PMV is the only really nice one...
PuddingCupz: I jsut call everypony brony. I don't care what gender they are. I jsut call them brony
Simply because of the hidden talent of that one girl
SONG OF STORMS IS BEST ZELDA SONG
how about some 4 chords? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDrrjbFikKo
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bf6__NZ3Hgg&list=PLB8193CFD93A5F29C&index=77&feature=plpp_video
PuddingCupz because it reminds me of the fic far too much . . .
*just
Oh
Rainbow Factory was a GREAT song!
DIAAAMOOOND DOOOOOOOOOOOOGS! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Rl_gxFSOuY&feature=channel&list=UL
Especially the violin parts
oh yeah. Rainbow Factory song is awesome. I love Tysolins take on it
always best for playing with a new program :)
13oh
13now my brain caught up....
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arH3od_2xIg
Brain lag?
13Jim: program called Amidst, it takes your seed and calculates where biomes and strongholds and such should be
UGH Shooeie
you had to do it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SNwjUWKP18c BEST SONG ON EARTH! EVER
13that image is easily a couple tens of thousands of blocks wide
Watch this for the 10 hours it is:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsbGbD3ia5U
aah, neat
RainBowJack: for a fan song, thats pretty damn good
Shizuka: you there?
13ping
Twilight ( Monk theme) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xLKscohsztQ&feature=BFa&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA
thanks
Pong
0,5ping-a-ling-a-ling
I'M A PIG PINK THING. BIG PIN K THING.
dat BaconMane
/me ditches muffins at BaconMane
Dem links keep going and going
I loved that one RainBowJack
did somebody say cake?
I'll stick with Terraria
I don't suppose there's a preview window in SAI?
BaconMane pong.
no weeping angels in Terraria
superretroworld : what do you mean?
Shooeie: CORN OOOON THE KABOOOOB
should be one in the top left
Ah
Oh I've played so much Terraria
How do I change how it's zoomed?
hi BaconMane
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DXo0gKI2d3o: Ponies
gotta love that game
hi BaconMane
http://draconequus.com/whatispony.swf
PinkiePieCopy: Like in Minecraft?
what if MLP was done in anime style http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9opnsHQppc&feature=BFa&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA
RainBowJack: isnt that a fan song?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3yXlomPCmU&feature=relmfu HAHA
don't think you can change the box zoom, just the zoom on the image itself
Bah
the baloon song? yes it is
k then
from the looks of youtube links, I take it no one's streaming
Sorry, just something I'm used to with Gale.
13otakon: ping?
ShadowQuill: No, I am the Natural Pony Killer Cyborg. *attacks*
oh, well its a good song
Shizuka pong
SOMEONE STREAM
http://gifsoup.com/view/2499228/mlp-fim-bird.html
Shizuka, can you stream!?
and hi
Here is the Italian opening
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nt3mo4pVvAw&feature=related
13only if you want to watch comcast fail a lot and minecraft
PinkiePieCopy: STOP ATTACKING ME DAMMIT
0,5Ah no stream? panic!> :I
I WANT MINECRAFT
13assuming i can connect to minecraft
I want mc and if u got a server i wanna be on it
SO MUCH COLOR
Dem youtube links been going for ever
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VJ1dYrjuYf4&feature=related
8,9SO MANY COLORS
COLORS EVERYWHERE.
13i used to run a server, but haven't for almost a year
*vomits in twilight_sprinkle's house
lol. Nigel
ahh, eyerape colours
/me is defeated by ShadowQuill and also changes name to CommanderPigmask for a bit
BaconMane: MY EYES
Aww, well do you got tekkit or any other server?
Oink oink.
I'm glad I'm not colourblind
/me stabs ShadowQuill in the face
Commander_Pigmask: NOOOOO
8,9Your eyes will despair
tried the evo build, rake gem seems to only hit foes in the air, interesting
Fffff
They already have.
I'm tempted in going back to our live streams on Trollestia: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqi_qSe9m0s
BaconMane: mmm lemoney limey
/me poops twilight_sprinkle in the face
/me ignores
BaconMane: they died too fast to despair
BaconMane : DAT COLOR!!!!
or maybe my chat is dead
/me licks BaconMane's colors
BaconMane: My eyes broke
oh sorry, probably should've asked if you were interestedm I'll shutup now
Sorry
fair enough of a kick\
Buytoast the chat is not quiet
BaconMane: MY EYES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! -Everyone Else- BAAAALD BAAAAAALD!
I hit otakon levels of rage over this
Cheesey mold. OH NO!
game's nowhere near complete, so it doesn't really matter at this point :P
nah, my failt really
Still simmering
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFf0XUNHA6E&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA&index=23&feature=plpp_video lol
ShadowQuill: hey, stop pooping my hologram generator in the face
PuddingCupz Spongebob Movie reference
/me makes BaconMane bald by eating his bacon hair
Yes LOL
hahahah RainBowJack : I remember that comic
13Buytoast: I would advise you not make another "joke" like that again.
/me walks around PuddingCupz
fair enough
Lunar_Brony: Spongebob fist :P
Really weird feeling, doing this on computer...
/me shoots PuddingCupz with a laser.
twilight_sprinkle: Too late, I broke your house
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oawUi9s3ENE = Heaven
Im just a pudding cup
uh RainBowJack : the pic on the next youtube link on that playlist I did NOT want to see
I'm on the moon.
ShadowQuill: actually youre in hell, but you cant accept it
yeah, it takes some getting used to
hmm?
twilight_sprinkle: Wow.
I still don't like the lack of tactile feedback that you get from paper/pencil
flutter_spin : witch one?
twilight_sprinkle: If I am in hell, how am I on this computer?
CCCP:Lol
art-talk Dken2021 :)
oh SAI
/me takes the PuddingCupz and puts them in his portable fridge.
ShadowQuill: youre not, this is all in your head
twilight_sprinkle: HOLY FARTNUGGETS
Ugh, it's just weird
Sorry chat derped 6_9
It just doesn't feel right, yknow?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cStcsWE-4wo&feature=BFa&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA BEST REPORT on bronies
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLJuuHqKCCc Did someone say Heaven?
/me takes the PuddingCupz and puts them in his PORKYble refridgerator
twilight_sprinkle: Stop saying that or I will murder you in the face!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xs9-N16CkNs&feature=BFa&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA I just want to hug her
yeah, especially with a mouse
ShadowQuill: you cant, youre in hell
http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/mindfuck_1da6c8_1571164.gif
lol RainBowJack. I forgot about her OC
Let's all be SUPER HAPPY!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0P8yWYqUqyg&feature=channel&list=UL
twilight_sprinkle: SHUT UP YOUR FACE
;) Of course darling everyone wants to hug fluttashy! After all she is Flutterlicious.
I bet it would, but some people somehow make good art from that, go fig :/
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-VVFxBcSqb8&feature=related Silly Japan
ShadowQuill: ok, but youre still in hell
In reality, I'm more like Fluttershy over the other ponies.
CNN put us in a good light
most of the really good mouse art are vectors
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcVxtyaATq8&feature=BFa&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA ITS REAL MAGIC!!!
wut CCCP?
Irl im more like applejack more then ANYWAY. Well im twilight to
well that is one way to prove things
a whole lot easier to work vectors with a mouse than a tablet, and vice-versa concerning bitmap images
/me eats a PuddingCupz
flutter_spin idk XD
twilight_sprinkle: I will fart my backflipping body all the way to your house so I can poop your house down.
13ShadowQuill: that's enough
^^^
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHy7bm6sJDU&feature=related :O DASHIE IS BALD! Baaaaald! Baald! MAI EYES
Shizuka: LOL okay.
Shizuka: thank you
I'm not sure which pony I'm most like. I have traits from the entire Mane 6.
PuddingCupz: Yeah, that seems about right.
LOL
Let's all get electric.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1CH2psyNuos
.-.
Baldashie
owjdpqewojfpqew
HEY, SHUT UP! *annoys twilight_sprinkle to death*
OR DID IT?!
ShadowQuill: you cant, youre in hell.
/me tries to convince ShadowQuill to join the pigmask army!
twilight_sprinkle: Aww, man!
aw. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1WCQ7dVEpGY I haven't posted this one in awhile. Smile everyone!
Commander_Pigmask: I ACCEPT YOUR OFFER
Commander_Pigmask: LET US VANQUISH ALL PIG HATERS
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DqAyVLv9B0U&feature=g-user-u
I LOVE PIGS
i love how everyone calls each other fags on /mlp/. its hilarious
I want to own one.
13aww matmos hasn't updated yet
13not til next week
They are so FREAKING CUTE :D
I'm headin' out for now. See y'all later n' stuff.
twilight_sprinkle just a way of saying you're a fan of something
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka
For the Skyrim Players here is MY LITTLE SKYRIM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WKCBn4l-uQ&feature=BFa&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA
seeya Lunar_Brony
Sry Shooeie . That song doesn't cut it for me
13:)
Dken2021: heh
PMV is nice though
/me brainwashes ShadowQuill, makes him ShadowPigmask and puts him in a pig suit!! (PIgmask image here. =3 http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120415010436/earthbound/images/thumb/7/7d/Pigmask_army.PNG/144px-Pigmask_army.PNG )
(*You are the purple navy SQUEAL. uruhururuurhuruhr/)
the pigmask? I though you were disband after porky bit the dust
:'( My thought of fluttershy being DISCONTINUED! : F*ck you hasbro.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5728/ <- Do I have a fealing of TF2 coming on? :$
PuddingCupz: WHAT
*Of Playing TF2
oh god, there's more than one!?
Fluttershy isnt being discounued, its just a rumor that she MIGHT get discountinued.
HELP I'M HUNGRY AND I FORGOT HOW TO WALK OR EAT
LOL
sanvich .-.
PuddingCupz: wait a minute, are you serious?
<3.... um if thats ok with you.:(
THROW FOOD AT MY OPEN MOUTH THROUGH THE FOURTH WALL
What's this about Fluttershy being discontinued?
Buytoast: wow you were right, this mlp game thread is glorious
/me only made it so ShadowQuill would obey master porky and know basics.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6Jfctt1b8o My favorite song. Must be the violins and the take on Woodentoaster
13http://imgur.com/a/IwGZy#0
everything is gloriosu when you're a sadist
PuddingCupz: You KNOW that's a lie, right? Right?!
yes, i heard it from hasbro... she might get discountinued(LOL NOW I FAIL AT SPELLING) For Surprise, pinkies original form
In only some episodes she will be replaced i hear...
00,10da hell is with the tf2 splash screens?
Like animation errors i think
Buytoast: or cynical
Commander_Pigmask: Porky like a pig or Porky like from Earthbound?
well i'm both
aaaand back
Hi all.
so it works for me
that'll never happen
lali-ho XAX
00,10is't it a bit early for holoween?
Sumica can you stream?
Commander_Pigmask: OH GOD YOU MEAN THE PORKY THAT WAS WITH GIYGAS, DON'T YOU?!
Buytoast: i think you mean mazochistic ratrher than sadistic tho
ShadowQuill: Porky is Absolutely Safe in a capsule.
00,10well I have the engi with a fly mask
i thought masochist meant i like hurting myself
Can ya stream??
LOL just LOL http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqcWtua-Yug&feature=BFa&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA
Commander_Pigmask: AAAAAGHH!!! *runs away screaming*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-phCSe-W0DI That part still gets me
Someone. QUICK. STREAM MOTHER 3!
/me wonders if he would be hunted down for adding socks >.>
/me gives throws Commander_Pigmask a DCMC doll
Buytoast: well i thought thats what you meant, sincde you cant hurt them on /mlp/
do it filly!
You'd be hunted down for moar art, sir.
/me throws it to the other huge tank guy
RainBowJack: I LOVE THAT GUY
oh wait, it goes both ways
so i guess i am a masochist
fancy that
Mother 3's already been streamed ¬_¬
back
Spectrum_Rush: When...... =c
/me have no music right now
long time ago
Feels bad ...
well it's been awhile since it has Spectrum_Rush
that's what pandora is for
um..... can u stream some Friendship is witchcraft episodes?
Spectrum_Rush: Exactly. It needs to be streamed again.
though they have a severe lack of pony
brb checking if Swag.mov is out again
SWAG.MOV IS OUT.
"We are deeply, deeply sorry to say that due to licensing constraints, we can no longer allow access to Pandora for listeners located outside of the U.S"
ipeiojo[dwrifvngrep]nivgtf]
HEY I HAVE SEEN YOU AROUND THE BAR AND NEVER HAD THE GUTS TO TALK TO YOU, but now I do, so here's a drink, let's have sex maybe?
No it isnt for me :P\
Commander_Pigmask: WHAT
Still navigating around the selection tool, learning how it works...
Finally found a pony parody
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMKrbPOUYBQ&feature=g-user-u
11,01Swag.mov isn't coming out for months.
ShadowQuill: Wait it's a fake. damnit.
Commander_Pigmask: FFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
party.mov is out
brb
Nittany_Discord: Yeah. I bet
:'(
/me preforms a BUMM RUSHHHH on Dken2021
stalkaminer: It's been out for like a month now
slacker radio maybe?
/me dodges
i onlly went up untill that pinkie pie sucked rainbow
i just love Alexs VIP Party With Pinkie Pie http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gfniCDbbzg
/me acknowledges you can only dodge if I am crying
Dken2021 and Commander_Pigmask ALRIGHT ALRIGHT BREAK IT UP
or one of the pony radio stations
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEmjwpOuQGY&feature=g-all-lik <- Epic music right here :3
but... he started it....
/me commands ShadowQuill to sit in a corner.
why would anypony expect swag.mov to be out by now?
Commander_Pigmask: NEIN!
the last one came out, what a month ago?
/me fires ShadowQuill
Commander_Pigmask: *pelts you with bacon strips*
hay bacon strips
HAY BACON STRIPS
i'll put a youtube play list for now while i get my music back
back
/me summons a 2000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 pound firefly on you
Pfft Party.Mov came out like a month ago. SWAG.mov isn't coming out for a while. To the ones who can't wait. Well guess what? YOUR GONNA HAVE TO LEARN HOW TO BUCKING WAIT! :[
Ponies47 ah I like that song
Well, I outlined the head..and it doesn't look too bad?
I want another pony spotlight
/me knows the best song ever.
/me dodges Commander_Pigmask's pathetic firefly and kicks him with a punching Gummy
ss or it didn't happen :3
let me see, nope i does not look bad
ss?
Commander_Pigmask it's not from DCMC is it?
screenshot
screenshot
Finally the link dies
im just excited for the freaking candy canes :D
/me flashes DCMC pamphlet
Ponies47: Meanwhile, we can look at the tumblr.
AKA pic or it didn't happen
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iHy7bm6sJDU&feature=related NOPE.
Sec
I need to fix one lock...
Dken2021: No. It's the best thing ever..... and It's happening to you.
PuddingCupz: Well, you'll have MLP Season 3, My Little Dashie movie, and the Double Rainboom fan episode to keep you occupied while you wait. :)
noname: ?
que?
ShadowQuill: Yup ur right
Dken2021: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90c2OjdwfMI&feature=player_embedded
/me throws a Pencil Rocket at Dken2021 !
Ponies47: Jappleack tumblr?
bald, bald bald
/me kills Batman
/me receives 284 damege
noname: Oh yeah that. What about it?
Someone stream!
hello everpony
lali-ho pony_3745
Ponies47: We can watch that while waiting for SWAG.MOV
noname: Yeah :P
PuddingCupz they stream whenver they feel like it
HELLO TO pony_3745
lol
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BEvezh24Av8&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA&index=5&feature=plpp_video Sim Gretina i love this one
OK! So who has mc 1.3.1 and who has a server
What about Ask The Crusaders Tumblr? It is awesome
^
/me preforms a Bum Rush on Dken2021
Oo give me link for that ShadowQuill
LOOK OVER THERE
i love brony music videos :D
i'm so nervous
/me Has never looked at the Ask The Crusaders tumbler
I was following ask the crusaders before they were cool *dawns hipster shades*
*Tumblr
I was cool before it was cool to be cool
ShadowQuill: I agree
Ponies47 currently he's doing a VDC competition, so they haven't been doing wuestions lately
http://ask-thecrusaders.tumblr.com/
TY
Dken2021: O.O
bbl
is there a way to load pages in reverse order on Tumblr??
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R78l6ZOPy9o&feature=related
^the truth
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zk_9kmbw2U&feature=related OOOOH! Rainbow Dash fans!
With the Ask The Crusaders thing, you have to start from http://ask-thecrusaders.tumblr.com/page/24
Who wants a a song that bronies face? Well here it is. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KUdiCqDVUxI&feature=player_detailpage
good god
is anyone streaming?
that's just horrific
Poor berry Sweet http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbWFaI3d9D8&feature=BFa&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11f_A50uG54
dat wimper RainBowJack
Ponies47: ...I hate you now.
ShadowQuill thats no nice!
ShadowQuill: :'(
as for why they have switched species and sweetie belle is furless? VDC
Spectrum_Rush : i was like "Aaaaahhh i want to hug her "
All right, that's it, I'm not going to get it any better in my current state of mind...
^
Ponies47: WHY WOULD YOU SUMMON THAT SONG?!
ShadowQuill: What's wrong with it?
daaww poor berry sweet
GNIGHT everypony. may the force be with you and may you pierce the heavens with your drill!
night Bronysith
Night Bronysith
night Bronysith
Rar.
see TheGreatAndPowerfulT, now he's just teasing us
Ponies47: DASHIE HIT BY THE TRUCK. Spot anything wrong with that sentence?
CCCP: are you a communist?
ShadowQuill: No. I ran it over.
Bah, you have no faith
Commander_Pigmask: ORLY?!
<3
ShadowQuill: Yes.
I have to dig through a hundred programs to find the snipping tool, you know.
ShadowQuill: Wasen't really paying attiention when I was listening to it! I'm sorry! :'(
i think this is a nice remix of Giggle at the ghostlie i have heard http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xq51TJwC9yc&feature=BFa&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA
And perfectionism doesn't help either
Spectrum_Rush: ...I still feel sad about that Berry Sweet video
"It doesn't look quite right no not that way either not quite right not quite right notquiterightnotquiterightnotquiteright"
ShadowQuill: ikr :'(
ShadowQuill: It was just a honest mistake.
/me freaks out and throws pen across the room
we know it's your first time using it, just relax and *RarityVoice* showmeshowmeshowme! :3
/me runs Ponies47 over with a car
I hate all the Stephen Hawking channels.
so anyone watch the super gaming bros.?
/me I ded
13vivi~<333333
*Is
Dken2021: no what's that?
/me throws Ponies47 's dead body at Pudge
All right all right
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDdL4z5qfr4
/me hits Ponies47's body with a baseball bat
Homerun!
Pudge http://www.youtube.com/user/SGBLikesToPlay their channel, they do letsplays and stuff
Okay, this is the sketch I originally uploaded for Alister, then forgot about
http://tinypic.com/r/2ivcmqt/6
I originalyl drew it on a whim for a friend
*originally
Whoever used Stephen Hawking as their name on YouTube can be easily found on pony videos, he keeps hating on them.
0,5Well, goodnight you guys.
/me thought I had finished Dken2021
brony music videos are applesome!
night BaconMane!
It was the only thing I had around to work with, so I went "what the hay" and went for it
night everyone
GOODNIGHT, BaconMane
nighty BaconMane
Bye Bacon.....MANE.
Great. Now everypony hates me :<
BaconMane: night
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H91QXNr41FM&feature=BFa&list=FLVhqx62iPB434Y5xGi60vVA this one is so nice
looks good :)
Night BaconMane
night BaconMane
Commander_Pigmask I had some cup of lifenoodles left :)
/me runs over everyone in chat
I dunno
And you thought only Celetia can troll http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GNMg630wxLE
I miss what I can do with a real pen
thats fun cause twilight in spanish means crepusculo
/me Is hated now :(
Ponies47: Well, that's what happens when you send those links!
Hello
/me doesn't hate ponies.
lali-ho MLP_Brovakiin
WHAT DID U SEND PONIES?
MESA WANNA KNOW
Like snapping up the end of a stroke, etc, etc
ShadowQuill: It was a honest mistake.
dam i exited the wrong tab :<
WHAT LINK
cachi01: Nothing
since you're used to working with a real pen, I'd say that if you do start doing stuff CG, start off with vectoring
i will check the chat
11,01Refresh your streams if you want to watch Shizuka play Minecraft.
Ponies47: But since people think you did it on purpose, they all hate you.
Not sure how that works?
Nittany_Discord: ALL OF MY YES
I have Minecraft
ShadowQuill: It was a mistake. I must learn to pay attiention :(
gives you cleaner lines for the images
AH
It is now 5am in england and I cant sleep so I thought I would find somewhere to speak to fellow bronies :D
*Ah
is it on server?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNrXMOSkBas&feature=g-vrec
*heavy Shift finger*
basically vector vs bitmap is the difference in g4 vs g1
Nice texture pack
13not on a server no
MLP_Brovakiin: what part are you from?
13will be waiting for many plugins before that
11,01CCCP: No video links during stream.
11,01And there is a stream.
cg look vs hand drawn look
Bedfordshire
W00T MINECRAFT STREAM
Hm
limeV is up
Nittany_Discord there is?
:(
i dont see it
MLP_Brovakiin: im from southport :)
sorry I am new to this and do not know how to directly respond
Minecraft on stream
MLP_Brovakiin: tab
I'll look into it. Should be a fun experiment to waste my time with
So long has the buffer show been on?
MLP_Brovakiin it's cool, also , welcome
ahh thanks
Shooeie: A long, long time...
Ponies47: all i can see is music links
I still get a bu-nvm
there's a stream?
Ponies47: TELL ME :[
For now, though...better work on that Shizu.
HOLY SHIT
im a new brony aswell so dont sweat it :)
Has anyone played the 8BIT MLP game?
otakon nope, just the sound of thwe ind
suddenly Crafting mines
11,01CCCP: refresh.
so really no ones refreshed yet?
yeah, vectors are easier to work with than bitmap, just because you can change things a lot easier, but it can be just as time consuming
What kinna machinery is this
11,01We switched to Lime V.
cachi01: It was a music link
Ponies47: the rainbow blood one?
the hell are you doing Nittany_Discord?
/me i swear no one ever listens to me
cachi01: Yeah. Now ShadowQuill hates me :<
/me has pizza now
Anyone played 8bit MLP game, thoguh?
all i saw is interrobang pie music
did you know, that if you say Shizu 3 times, she appears and wubs a Vivi in front of you, but you cannot share in the wub
BUT INTERROBANG PI IS AWESOME
Nittany_Discord k
cachi01: Listen to the lyrics
ShadowQuill: me its fun :)
ShadowQuill story of the blanks?
Dken2021: No.
shizu shizu shizu ?
This myth
11,01otakon: Wut?
13quit making me switch
We must test it scientifically!
11,01I'm not streaming.
shizu shizu shizu
lol
its Shizuka
so... whats going on?
otakon, Shizu is streaming
ShadowQuill: did you know its the same creator of twilight vs stairs?
oh Shizu is?
Dken2021: Just search 8bit MLP and type the password HUBMLP8BIT
What did Shizuka do?
kirz|art where is vivi and the wubs ? i don't see them
So a shizu appeared, but there was no Vivi, thus the myth is busted.
cachi01: REALLY?!
is there any brony MC servers?
Shizuka: I thought Comcast hated you streaming?
ShadowQuill: vs walking i mean
Minecraft on xbox?
ShadowQuill: YEP
pony_3745: I believe Wrek has one
cachi01: I love that game! It is pony QWOP!
LOL
ShadowQuill oh the thing on hub's website?
superbrony has a MC server
but its not updated
BAck what we streaming about
sorry!
Dken2021: Eeyup
PuddingCupz: it's Zuka
technically there are always wubs there, and you are not involved, thus bust is busted :P
k
PuddingCupz: playing Minecraft
I like the music, it makes it jungle-ish
Whos streaming
On multiplayer
try not to ping her
13wonder who recognizes the music
like adventuresphere
...dat meta-bust
sooo who is streaming ?
Banjo Kazooie?
no it's not
13i bet no one will
Commander_Pigmask, it is not multi
it's...
Shizuka: I do not, sadly.
dammit it sounds familiar
otakon: SPARTA
Donkey Kong?
Jim: How is there TALKIIING?
Commander_Pigmask, It's with the new update
dammit
I guess Banjo Kazooie or Donkey Kawng
not DK
considering the text box says KamiShizuka...
just refreshed and LimeV greet me with the same page as always :p
11,01http://woonastuck.tumblr.com/image/28605685357 <- ~yay~
you can swap gamemode and teleport like you can in multi now on it
95?
dammit
ShadowQuill: LOL at the lyrics
Is it banjo kazooie? t3t
is it from a game?
11,01Except that question was too easy to get answered.
cachi01: :[ IT'S NOT FUNNY!
would be good if we could all get on a server
kirz|art considering LimeV hates me and does not display due to me having a IP from mexico :p
...
ShadowQuill: yes it is xDDD
it's ....PERFECT DARK!
ah >.<
cachi01: GAAAAAAAAAAAAH
dammit!
Well, after constant delays, I finally got something entered into the Newbie Artist Training Grounds. It's anything but good, though. I really have practically zero experience drawing anything after all.
IT'S PIKACHU!
okay, is it PC or console?
:p
PIKACHU :3
IT'S PIKACHU I KNOW IT.
dasvidaniya everypony
Kandarihu congrats
cachi01: Don't make me bring up the fanfic that shall not be mentioned!
hmmm PC game windows 95/3.1 era
Dem trip wires
lol
where did i leave my vpn
nice bathrooms
Kandarihu: how do you get in there? i want to learn how not to suck at drawing
Whos streaming
lowfn: it's Shizu
ShadowQuill: cupcakes?
ShadowQuill: ranbow factory?
It's a neat texture pack I must say
bye everyppony
Funny how ladies and lords are the same
cachi01: CUPCAKES. Did you think CUPCAKES was funny?
bye CCCP
seeya CCCP
Shizuka: if one is Lords shouldn't the other be Dames?
bai CCCP
bye CCCP
/me hugs otakon Dken2021 and Jim and RainBowJack
Chat derp >_<
ShadowQuill: sincerely........ yes some parts
Bai CCCP
/me hugs CCCP back :D
LOWFN IS ON?
cachi01: Well, yeah, the puns...
Shooeie: Lords means men..... Ladies means girks,
bye CCCP!
/me hugs lowfn
girls*
cachi01, me too
/me huggies cachi01
/me hugs CCCP back
/me dusts CCCP
its funny, if mi fighting devs went onto the corresponding /mlp/ thread, theyd probably quit
I ment their bathrooms
LOWFN GO ON THE OTHER MC SERVER (the one where u r doctor and im rping ditzy LOL)
jungle noise?
dafuq
PuddingCupz: Howd you know bout that?
Shizuka: Age of empires?
lowfn: Why are you dusting everything? Do you dust your mother with that duster?
(im moomoo lowfn)
So I seem to have stumbled upon a Minecraft stream
IS IT MAID TIME?
Commander_Pigmask: NO!
PuddingCupz: Well the server is off
Aww
ShadowQuill: Welllll gooooood.
also ello everypony :)
I guess the update did something to the elevator
*piston
Commander_Pigmask: That's at 8 AM, I think
welp guys hate to say it but I gotta go
Actually, Nittany decides when it's Maid Time.
it's 12 AM here
This pony reference sheet
has made my life
oh
20% easier
otakon: Same here
Shizuka: that elevator desighn only works if you stand in a certain spot, it quite finicky
5 am in uk :)
and I'll get yelled at for being on too late
11,01It's late, and I have a busy day tomorrw.
sucks but dammit I'm out
otakon: Are you in eastern USA?
11,01*tomorrow
night all
ShadowQuill: yeah
night otakon
bye Nittany_Discord see you at BMN man
otakon: SO AM I! I live in FL
11,01I wasn't going to bed.
Shizuka: thanks for the tips and the stream dear!
Nittany_Discord: well I am so night
lol
11,01Night otakon
Nittany_Discord: Waht time is it?
kirz|art without vpn http://i50.tinypic.com/2vxn154.png
night otakon
Goodnight!
This is the most beautiful Minecraft house I have ever seen.
*What
hehe, you have a jingle
i dont see anyhing
11,01Late night Maid Hour!
/me Has never played Minecraft :$
11,01Actually, 12:09 AM EDT.
:o
Maid_Discord: Same here
It's 6:09 am here
Sry lowfn had to popout chat LOL)
I refuse to become a Maidmast.
maidmask*
im in amarica and its 9:10
Gaaah mc y u no want to open
its 11:10 in murika
9:09 PM here...
It's 11:10 PM here
Commander_Pigmask: What about Maid_Pigmask?
the hell are you?
12:10 here
ShadowQuill: No
i have minecraft too
I only play minecraft on the xbox
Buytoast, Norway, GMT +1
Commander_Pigmask: WELL FINE THEN
im in 1.3.1
psh
only one for real murikans
Yeah. But I have never played Minecraft :$
haven't played much minecraft lately cause laptop overheats even on lowest setting
LimeV really doesn't like you
minecraft is so much fun
Ponies47: you should try it out some time
Ponies47: I see...
i wish kami could join my lan world
oh great
a squidward
that and I don't know that many servers to join
oh boy
Commander_Pigmask: LOL
From East to West, Eastern, Central, Mountain, Pacific, Alaska, and Hawaii
i was about to say its a sqwuidward .-.
ShadowQuill: You hate me even more now don't you? :<
/me is now Conscending Pigmask
god claps his hands for thee
Ponies47: No, why would I?!
/me Hugs ShadowQuill "YAY!"
dammit cat, stop walking on my keyboard
kirz|art with vpn http://i48.tinypic.com/2vj8it2.png
Shizuka: how much time have you put into this?
*wakes up in a wasteland near shadowquills house*
Ah...feels good to draw again.
strong with this one, the buffer is
:3
Ah, cubeville
/me jumps in the air and does a somersault, while Abraham Lincoln tries to pole vault
Jim: atleast your cat walks on your keyboard and not bite you at the same time :)
ughhhhhhhh
oh
wherea am i..........
welp, night, kinda want to wake up early tomorrow
Such great greaphics
pony_3745, nah, it just wants to cuddle :p
Oh what is this...
Night Dken2021
night Dken2021
well haven't made any configuration so the vpn works normally so it's quite laggy
Toranaga, Minecraft
Nighty night Dken2021
I'd forgotten how meditative drawing can be...
I know that.
Toranaga some minecraft
night Dken2021
Is this live?
i have minecraft 1.3.1
yup
Oh cool
why u no have emerald!!!
This is one game I could never get into
bye Dken2021
on the xbox minecraft I built an applejack & rainbowdash pixel art :D
Toranaga new guy?
Nighty night Dken2021
No not really
you guys know what a furry is? i sure dont :)
Ewwww.. Xbox Minecraft
Toranaga oh ok
say i if you play minecraft
and now i have what i was looking for
i
a furry is a brony in the final form
i
Yep
ktnkxbai
brb
lownf
pony_3745: Get a name and I will explain
i thought tekkit wasent going to work any more because of 1.3.1, but i was wrong :$
Back
Shizuka: Hexen II
11,01A furry is someone with fur.
a furry is a sonic fan
mitamaking: what you mean get a name?
in 1.3.1 you can trade with villagers
/me silently rages
Pudge: INNNDUUIIIABLLYYY.
pony_3745: Get a nickname
type /name and type a name
pony_3745, type /nick yourdesirednicknamehere to get a nickname
Shizuka: It's Pitfall isn't it. or Uncharted.
pony_3745 get a name instead of being an anyonymous
Oh crap, /nick, that is right
pony_3745: yeah, /nick *name*
a furry is a pony all fuckyng hair all its boddy and pubecare and al over
A furry is a nickname for a piece of food that has fallen on the floor and collected hair
at first i thought the music was coming from MC :D
A furry is a dude or dudette who loves...stuff .3.?
Pony_3745 time /me is a silly filly without cake
front-view pony is intrinsically awkward.
shizuka i wish he can hear me
Shizuka: tomb raider?
stream!
?
yeah
I'm sorry, anymous users annoy me, 4chan, bleh
yeyy it changed :)
wait you can hear me!?
got a good pose worked out on one the other day, still in the sketch phase though
Why are we talking about the definiton of "furry" again? :s
IF YOU USE 4CHAN YOUR GOING TO HAVE A BAD TIME.
lol
noname: i asked :)
I use 4chan
and I always have a smile on my face
CommunistBrony: oh :P
shizuka: can you hear me!
Good new everypony. The Ponies47 Skype has been launched ^^
Commander_Pigmask: Your fucking username.
*news
DOH.
4chan is for people who have hope for humanity
so mitamaking whats a furry?
why is shizu destroying everything?
twilight_sprinkle, wait what?
CommunistBrony: Your porking nickname
shizuka: uuuu can you read what im saying?
CommunistBrony: That is you
CrimsonPhoenix: i mean itll crush any hope you have left
this is what i was looking for http://i45.tinypic.com/eth17q.png
shizulka: then why are you replaying?
dat shizu, bein silly filly
I'm sure mitamaking doesn't even know what's a furry
ahh bals to it, I cannot sleep. I guess i will watch the sun rise and pretend celestia has something to do with it...
Shizuka, you troll you
A furry is: having or coated in fur
burnt
exactly
WHOOSH.
He doesn't know what's a furry
shizuka: can you join my lan server?
CommunistBrony: Also it is a misspelling of fury
Wat's LAN
ok
LAN server :D
local area network
Commander_Pigmask: local area network, as in not on the internet
Line Area Network I think
pandora finally hit on Blue :3
Oh, local not line
What is this pandora?
its local
mitamaking: The proper way to say it is FURRY. FACKING GET IT RIGHT
Local Area Network
streaming radio
the ip is any one from amarica?
only people on shizu's LAN can join her server
you have to be on the same internet connection for a LAN server
Commander_Pigmask: You have some real fury there
Ah
mitamaking, you're cute
has an algorithm that pulls songs from their library based on interests, what you put as likes/dislikes, genre, etc
mitamaking: That makes no fucking sense.
:L
Conan O'Brien trying to "Game" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYY1GHzauCo&feature=g-u-u
Local Area Network actually
dat youtube link
Dammit
Dat illegal youtue link
Vordox, You know there's a stream currently going, right?
I don't think it's available outside the US any more though >.<
I am literally less than a day's drive away from the US
^say no!
Weird, I'm not sseeing anything
Commander_Pigmask: Use some context to get the joke, I said furry is a mispelling of Fury, you got mad at me, so I said you were showing fury
A. Day.
is not :p
Vordox, It's LimeV
Refresh
.......
example: i have two computers and a laptop, and they are all connected via my LAN, so they can communicat with each other
Oh, no wonder, I'm still on Mips
I CAN PRANK MY BRO
LimeV doesnt work in some countries
http://img225.imageshack.us/img225/7572/natg01.png <- This is my first shot. Look and laugh. At least I put some attention towards a mane-style
join his server i got a idea
mitamaking, you still don't know what a furry is.
for shiz
Kandarihu: lol, have you ever seen my OC?
one day I started on a Japanese song from Ghost in the Shell, 4 hours later it played a song from the Beach Boys
what you building there Shizuka?
I'm Canada, so hopefully it'll come here quick...but until then, bah.
00,02i was pinged
dont worry about furries, they arent worth your time
Truly, the Internet has not been kind to me this day.
Oh look, Shizucraft. :o
Kandarihu: Which pony is that?
Phase4, Can't see anyone pinging you lately
shizuki: join my bros server i have a idea
well you will get google fiber quicker
My unnamed OC
ill give you ip
CrimsonPhoenix: I am an anime fan, don't go there
mitamaking: All I'm sying is it makes NO FACKING SENSE. and the proper way is still furry, and also....that's implying furries are ALL grammar pignazis.
00,02ah, lunar brony pinged me bout 2 hours ago
Shamroc: Ecco the dolphin?
Chattitiy derp
Hi Phase4
Commander_Pigmask: Did you just admit to being a furry?
mitamaking, and what pray-tell does that make it any different?
Spectrum_Rush...no..never
ooh I loved echo the dolphin
I should also make self-ponification to make sure that people don't project that OC's personality onto me.
Shizuka: Ecco the Dolphin?
00,02ohai Ponies47
mitamaking: people in pig suit's aren't furries. and no I didn't because I'm not.
i've got it Shizuka : Deep Dungeon
Shamroc: ment to ping shixu
Kandarihu: heres my OC http://bit.ly/NafxcA
Spectrum_Rush: i know
Pretty.
Winderes errer?
...fiber?
twilight_sprinkle: still better drawings than mine
Kandarihu, http://i.imgur.com/fhB7t.jpg
cachi01: :D
Shizuka: Sounds like Riven.
https://fiber.google.com/about/
Google Bran, new cereal they're releasing in Canada
Bingo
...
CommunistBrony, got it
it's simple as that
^_^
:O
I'd put more ellipses, but there are not enough elipses in the world to convey the sheer wat of that concept.
i am derpy pony tonight :D
commies
mitamaking, that's not the definition of a furry
FEGELEIN FEGELEIN FEGELEIN
Can you eat all of those?
not at all
mitamaking: ..... A furry is a human mixed with animal characteristics. GET IT RIGHT.
shizuka: join my bros server heres ip 68.8.146.104
00,02oooo, minecraft
Or an animal mixed with human characteristics
Oh
hahaha
mitamaking, the more disturbing aspects of the Furry fandom, the fewer members of the community are actually into that.
/me laughs
CrimsonPhoenix: thx i will keep that pic
Commander_Pigmask, CommunistBrony: Not true, a furry may just like wearing the suit
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Furry_fandom
Kandarihu: ah that one, yeah ive seen it earlier today. i kinda planned out all of that myself, but my pic is just a result of frustration of failing with vectotr drawing
oh hey the minecraft bit from Shizuka s openimg
that's like saying a Brony is one that must disguise himself as a pony and cyber in the net
/me still cant figure out where the music if from
I love how I've absolutely destroyed my sleeping patern lately. Going to bed at 7 am and waking up at 3 pm, that's normal
You got me...should've opened that link first.
CrimsonPhoenix: no they are different
Kandarihu: I understand that, but just by being a furry, you are not half that animal
Sadly, though, I wouldn't put it past Google.
twilight_sprinkle, and you're using MS Paint
shizuka: are you playing lan?
Jim: same expect 9am to 5pm
Pudge it's similar
Kandarihu: the program i was gonna use turned out to be uninstalled, and i never figured out how to vector in photoshop. so i opened paint and drew whatever :D
furry community is extremely large
mitamaking: Furry MEANS AN ANIMAL WITH HUMAN CHARACTERISTICS OR A HUMAN WITH ANIMAL CHARACTERISTICS. The others are called furry cosplayers, damnit.
mitamaking, most furries don't even wear the suits.
ok
good god, you people are still discussing furries
some are on the porn while others detest it
Commander_Pigmask: calm down?
well you should do somthin with a mod
Pudge no they don't
Cosplay is the same thing
Is t Wrek playin?
the flans mod
/me 00,02hugs VioletVanilla
and not ALL furries has fursuit
Buytoast: but you yourself said we are furries, ofc we liek to discuss it
Vordox, Shiz
fair enough
Dayum, that's alot of work. :P
still
Kandarihu: That I will admit I didn't know, I thought the suit was the requirement
Bronys/=/furries
Bronies aren't furries.
never seen so much yiff discusion in here
if you deny my claim I demand you prove it
Gigabyte a second
In Build mode or collected gamewise, Shizuka ?
Some bronies are furries
i shouldnt of asked about furry's just cased a long debate lol :)
I'm just interested in whether or not they can pull that off.
caused*
Ah
Pudge: No, bronies aren't furries. What your saying is talking ponies= humans with fur.
look what you did CommunistBrony, you've opened the floodgates
all this furry talk
CommunistBrony: you can always just google
CommunistBrony: Why are you mad at me about it anyway?
go to nerdcubed's channel seach for minecraft flans mod
No "Buy some apples" Shiz. That's alot to dig. :P
Well it's interesting
mitamaking: im not?
Could I get some feedback please? https://twitter.com/dailymail123/status/231244275646623745/photo/1
Wow, that looks like it must have taken some time
Commander_Pigmask: no thats not what i said
Have some furry http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-pOrbs-IbdBg/T5CY_NM15nI/AAAAAAAAAOw/95-RT8wvCQQ/s1600/c5068baaa0b41504768056123bb2db10fcdf37f6-740.jpg
Use time change, Shizuka
Commander_Pigmask, not all bronies are furries but some furries are bronies
And I wonder why they're trying in Canada first...well, whatever.
/me yawns
not bad MLP_Brovakiin
Oh Chunks XD
/me Dear Princess Celestia
mitamaking, a love of anthropomorphized animal characters is pretty much the definition of furry. It's the most basic definition of furries, and most furries only take their fandom that far.
Shizuka: castle master?
/me Today I learned several things.
Thanks :3
I love how chat via 2 chats. :
:D
Fans of Looney Tunes qualify as furries.
CrimsonPhoenix: The bronies that are furries are furries AND bronies. That's a small amount of the community.
Kandarihu: I thought the definition extended farther, I back off my previous claim
shizuka: is the minecraft bugging out?
Kandarihu: some are
/me First, human beings are fundamentally untrustworthy, don't beleive them for a second, and make sure you give them a nice hefty legal document saying they're responsible for their actions.
brb
Commander_Pigmask, it's more than you think
trust me
most celebrities are actually furry
mitamaking, it's a common misconception. Perhaps we have 4chan to thank for that, maybe not.
Are you not able to update your old maps to the new ones without fear, Shizuka ?
shizuka: well it is say /debug tust me
Kandarihu: By that definition though, all bronies are furries
/me Second, every team has a control freak, and when said freak is at the head of the project, well, you're screwed.
/me Third, I learned how to draw ponies better! Yay!
moo
i now feel like an otter that has just plucked the tinyist swig in the damm, collapses and destroyed furtile farm land :D
nooo
mitamaking, MLP aren't anthro
Even if you give them a hefty legal document, they might not be thrustworthy still
/me Your faithful student, Reikim
the ONLY anthro character on MLP is spike
Night everyone.
CrimsonPhoenix: Lyra is
guess i'm still wrong on the ost Shizuka ?
mitamaking, I was about to say that as well, but aside from My Little Pony Tales, CrimsonPhoenix is right. MLP isn't anthro
g'night Reikim
Night Reikim
Wow, I have never actually watched the sun rise before :)
XD
k guys im back after lightnigh took out my power for 3 hours
mitamaking, you're putting fanon in argument
/me tdkdfydjcykg
thus it is invaliud
cratorkid: at least you got rain
hmmmm Marshmellow flanks
and Lyra isn't anthro
Well, two hours later, I'm STILL steamed about that leak...maybe it'll help if I sleep on it. Night everypony.
night re-
Well isn't the fanon realevent in this discussion
hmm
JUST SHUT UP AND WATCH THE VIDEO DAMNIT
She's just.......Hummus
night Reikim
shizuka: hack/mine mod?
boy i'm glad i'm keeping quiet for this round of arguing
night Reikim
who thought lyra was anthro? what because of the whole human thing? that's not canon
/me eats Buytoast
or Fleshy
Hello everypony! How are you guys doing?
Nawm.
hai Sabershy
so much ban worthy material i'm thinkin about
hi Sabershy
i may not hear the end of this but, kirz|art will you add a marshmellowy flank to shizu drawing ?
Buytoast: refrain yourself
oh i am
still
hehe :3
hah
unsuprisly gasp*
Pudge: I know, it was half a joke, but doesn't the fact that the fandom except that come into factor in arguing if bronies are furries
*accepts
oo, awesome map
eqd and 4chan are exploding all over the place cause of the leak
/me throws rocks at Mitamaking and Pudge for continuing the damn argument
leak?
lol twilight_sprinkle
everybody is gettin mad
the rage is delicious
....(I download it)
mitamaking: i dont know, i really dont want to argue about this because I dont want to be in the same boat as furries
Buytoast: they broke the woolz!
I don't get why people are mad
Buytoast: I'
I'll only say this, Shizuka is a healthy young mare that owns and operates her own bakery
What leak?
Buytoast: I'm just here to throw rocks and eat you.
Shizuka: Veil of Darkness?
any i can not wait for season 3 :)
Shizuka: could you repeat that? i missed it
Bakin' bread
OH MY GOSH FiM leaked!!!!
if it was about the leak
And other deliciousnesses
ooo, dat dome
/me is slowly going insane
wait did he say nope ass?
ok so no leak discussion then i guess, aw...
00,02twilight_sprinkle, no spoilers
s[ectrum is ass .-.
Shizuka: Is it Zork? it's Zork isn't it.
River Song: Spoilers.....
stop talking about the leak, same no spoiler rule applys to the leak
omg...
thats a nice place
/me comforts Spectrum_Rush with a Luxury Bannana
Phase4: i dont see how its a spoiler unless i link, but ok, not a big deal
Buytoast, O U
it was still a game
it didn't have music
HES TRAVILING THROUGH TIME!!!!!!!!!
Seems they are overracting though
sry lowfn cant make a server it annoys me AND my comp/internet lags!!!!
00,02twilight_sprinkle, i meen dont spoil it :P
FIM WAS LEAKED?
oh boy
/me shakes head
Shizuka: Unshadowed?
Phase4: wait are you talking about FiM or freindship is fighting?
Shizuka: there a map file of your server laying around somewhere?
*fighting is magic
Fighting
About the FiM Leak: Losing a friend's trust is the fastest way to lose a friend
well Phase4 we're not talking about the content
pretty
....yet
FOREVERRRR
Wow, can't believe a QA person leaked it
Vordox: FOREVERRRRRRR
I am not touching the FiM Leak due to that this is NOT what the people who made it, wanted it to be
play mario party with a friend is another way to lose a friend
I'm doing this as a respectful act for those who spents years and months on this game.
Would you?
yeah, im not saying anyth about the content, hell i dont even know it, i havent played
I mean I wish they treated it like a surprise demo, oh well
but i can b quiet, not a big deal, just dont quite understand how its a spoiler
Oh man, Battletoads is so insanely hard
Vordox, I let the curiosity get the better of me but I would still support the last build and I won't distribute the leak that I have
is it bad?
CrimsonPhoenix: No, it's not bad.
then good
PIGS.
I'm just stating my stand on this, I WANT to play it, but it's NOT out yet.
Vordox: yeah im not touching it for the same reasons
I mean, why stop the Bite Size Updates?
lowfn:Making a steam acc
Guys. DROP IT
Just like the Clean version of CMC Theme, or the cut of the Soundfiles etc etc from FiM, anything that's done by anyone should be respected.
Vordox: even though logically at this point i cant be too angry at people who play it
Or we won't ever get nice things.
13Enough.
Exactly.
aw ok :<
here comes the fury.
Yes please
uh-oh
13I only told you twenty times.
lets get bacxk to the furry discussion then :D
twilight_sprinkle: you like pool noodles dont you.
in the pc version, does the number contain of how many of those boxes you have?
Shizuka, sorry I wasn't here
Geeze I am just sucking tonight huh, I bring something up and it is shot down by everyone
GET RID OF FURRIES TOO.
I wasn't there either Shizuka
jk, i dont care for the furry sicussion
13You were right here.
Ayanami Road?
the furry discussion isnt good eihter
superretroworld, Yeah, that's what the numbers mean
Pudge: hmmm
either*
Shizuka: Snatcher?
Pudge: define pool noodle
twilight_sprinkle: rather not
weird, i dont remember that in the pocket edition
/me sigh
05i heard a rucus
Pudge: >:I
I'm leaving, I am just making everyone mad tonight
Wrek|Observiking: frackus
Hi, Wrek|Observiking
05you are all behaving I hope`?
Uncle Ruckus?
oh, there's a ruckus alright
Jimmies were rustled.
Wrek|Observiking: Nice pun, Observiking.
everybody is getting buttflustered
FRACKUS
Ah Wrek.
HAY GUYS
hoi Flootahshy
so shizuka, is this a live server, or just something you play around in?
hi Flootahshy
Wrek: Got a paragon Class type battlecruiser yet? :P
lowfn: Wanna play something else then steam?
05yes >:3
Wrek|Observiking: I am :P
robokun, It's currently not a server
Wrek: With Tychon Lasers? :P
Shizuka: I got it. It's Dues Ex isn't it. this sounds like the Hong Kong music.
Well, did.
I LOVE the 5000 range laser. <3
i'm guessing a song from the Myst Series
it sounds like Dokodeko.
hmm
is it from Tomba! ?
Shizuka: Elfland?
Wrek: Although, what fighters are you using? mine dies so fast. :(
Myst wasn't out until 1998 I think
night everponies time to trot to bed :D
night CommunistBrony
I'm eating some delicious Rarity
note: if you want to start a flamewar in eve, talk about drakes :)
Biomes are raping our worldz
Vi x Shizuka best ship
oh right, I'm thinking Riven
i like how it goes to snowing as soon as you step on osnow
:d
05if you have a vessel that has docking bays and enough supplies your fighters will last eons longer due to constant repairs and refits in mattle
CHat derp :<
snow*
Spectrum_Rush, get to work on that fic, RIGHT NOW
:)
05thats why i always fly around with 1000 supplies to spare
Wrek: Yeah I have one of those. ><
I are the iron man.
Wrek: But they die anyway, they never return, is it a command?
Wrek|Observiking, What's the game again?
nice room
Ryunosuke: but i'm an artist, not a righter D:
05bad luck i guess
*wrighter
Yay :P
05mine always fly back
05theo nly time mine completly dies is when they fly in agaisnt too many ships at once
/me Zerg Rushes Spectrum_Rush for spelling writer wrong twice...
so who's streaming legos the sandbox game?
actually....
Wrek: I'm pretty much unkillable with my current Paragon Ship, flying around solo and wiping whole fleets(Nont Taichons)
*writer go grammar fails
05commadn themt o strike the loner ships
who here IS a writer
I just had a brilliant idea
13since no one got the OST the entire time it played
:p
11,01Chasing tornadoes in Garry's Mod is so much fun.
I know how to write if that's what you're asking
13isn't it though <3
Shizuka: but i'm still trying too D:
i got a story on that equestria daily site, that makes me a superb write
Wrek: Will keep that in mind
13answer is in front of you spectrum
Nittany_Discord: What about Twister? ;)
/me Has never played Garry's Mod :$
Konami up my butt
Also, how do you increase your fleet points, Wrek?
/me feels like an idiot
well bye bye everypony i have to go been fun
it was so simple :(
bye RainBowJack
11,01I think a F3 or F5 spawned. I was watching it, and it started coming towards me. "Gotta go!"
"Bronystate Confidentials" :)
Mine's a measly 61 at all times, even when I have about over 100 Fleet ordnance
Bye RainBowJack
13this is from the first time i ran a server
Even with capturing the beacons it's still not enough Wrek
There's Tornados in GMod? Wow, I got to play that more!
11,01My mouse is malfunctioning right now. Left click is flaky for some reason.
11,01Jim: Yeah.
Jim: You have gmod?
I do, yes
11,01I can't find gm_tornadohighyway anywhere.
i regret buying Gmod
and skyrim
/me looks at jim like he wants to play gmod with him
+=3+
is that... minecraft... with a map?
damn I am out of touch
it's 6:46 in the morning
Ryunosuke, A mod
ah
Jim: Later
Oh yeah I finally feel accomplish about completing all of the story of Batman Arkham City
Didn't say I'm going to bed, but I probably will soon-ish
Jim: Where I am it's 12
did you do the calander man events CrimsonPhoenix ?
i hear Knytt stories \o/
Buytoast, is there such event?
yes
cause I know he's in that cell
you talk to him
Shizuka: if that map was really old the entire biome structure is messed
ooooooooh
he does a special animation and story
and after a year
there's a surprise
.....
well dang
yup
I remember those nobiome days
looks funky
did you buy minecraft?
whens this world from Shizuka , what version?
Why of course one would buy minecraft
applesack all I have to say to you is no, he didn't. *looks at you because he's playing it*
suddenly Skyrim music
mhm
:/
Ahh, before boosters
I remember setting up complex systems to make my cart go far enough
mc was scrude up back then
Shizuka: well i hope the biomes remain ok in that world, no good having a mountain turn into a swamp
diggy diggy hole
Herobrine was in there.
The music change made it feel like an epic adventure down the hole
/me becomes PPC
05snow, i feel at home here
Buytoast, are you a big fan of Batman?
ahhh.. night time... a fuck up time!
I are back from being a pigmask
as in the series in general?
i enjoy Batman
05oh wait
not much of a cmic person
05its sand
05nvr mind
but theg ames were nice
not what I'm searching
thanks anyway
Weird skin, makes the sand look like snow :p
i've seen some of those 1960s batman shows too
05is ok shizu
Adam West was awesome batman
Snowsand?
nice place u got there
there's so many batman adaptation
well, I'm going to head to bed before she tabs out and decides to kill us all :)
have a good night
I don't even know what to follow
replacing them will fix
its hard to find 1.3 mc server fo people who hasent bout it yet
Waffles: Could use a door. SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
night kirzstryfe
Shizuka: replacing them will fix
applesack: So you're pirating it.
Why would you pirate MC :c
yuppp
wait
buying 1.3?
isn't buying 1.0 enough?
applesack: YOU BUCKING DISGRAAAAAAAAACE.
Night kirzstryfe
Sup? :)
them chests...
05pirating a DRM clusterfuck of an AAA game? i dont mind
CrimsonPhoenix, Yes, you don't have to buy 1.3 as long as you've bought the game
05pirating an indie title
05go die in a fire
^
^^
^^^
I'm new, whats going on?
meh Minecraft has made more than enough already
minecraft? :D
o_o
sonicandmario85, Minecraft!
shizuka is on it too i see xD
what server is it?
?
FluffieChaos: Minecraft is getting streamed and do you know about mother 3?
Not a server
Just a world
Mother 3?
:P
/me wonders if there would be a way to add linking books into MineCraft
I have minecraft and I see that its being streamed..
linking books?
PinkiePieCopy, Mother 3 is simply one of the greatest RPG game ever existed
CrimsonPhoenix: Did you google it?
wtf?
Shizuka:how do i get to your LAN world? i wanna join
PinkiePieCopy, I played it
happy song!
completed it
loved it
CrimsonPhoenix: GOOD
XD
/me bobs head
I even played Earthbound
Woohoo~
ik it isnt
:D This is halarious
and I would recommend that game to anyone
(Excuse my spelling)
if MLD made you cry
CrimsonPhoenix: I got stuck at the Mecha Drago. Even when I got a 16 hit combo cheat becauase I combo for shit
you're not ready for MOther 3
Anyone know about Salem?
PinkiePieCopy, did you plant the claw?
Shizuka: even when you're not bopping with the music the walk bop is still synced XD
CrimsonPhoenix: I am... It's just that I don't have flint to a high enough level
Those are a lot of cool worlds
Its an awesome indie game?
CrimsonPhoenix: first thing I do
05Shizuka should help building on my server TT~TT
05xD
CrimsonPhoenix: I die on the final atttack
Shizuka:what is open for LAN for then?
lag
Are you skipping battle?
intermission music :3
on final attack?
SKIP DIALOGUE
Elevaotr music :3
SKIP LIKE YOU NEVER SKIPPED BEFORE
Elevator*
CrimsonPhoenix: I did that. Didn't have enough HP left
05its still in the build phase so i see no problem with that :P
now this is some nice musiks
meh you'll be fine next round
maybe one level if you must
want to get minecraft but site keeps rejecting my card ._. and that's the one i use for steam so i know it works
how do you join LAN worlds?
not that prev stuff was bad
but you really don't need to grind in Mother 2 and 3
Crimson, I have 0 beef jerkies 0 healing items and................ a guy.
goodnight everypony, gotta get to bed so I can get up for my job interview tomorrow.
yeah
that guy
did you save AFTER?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: it's a pain in the ass to pay for minecraft now, add back PayPal support!!
Jim i has no idea
CrimsonPhoenix: I died before i got a chance to save
no I mean
Dat Shizu stream
have you save after you lost your items?
o:
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: OH HI!
hai PinkiePieCopy
Time for me to go to bed
G'night Bronystate
unless you really started with 0 beef jerky and such
LAN worlds on what, Minecraft?
oh so your doig your entire world in survival Wrek|Observiking ?
Night Jim. :)
Intermission music?
I'm goin goin gone
Baiya uys
Well, one way would be hamachi
i'm borededededede
Later PinkiePieCopy
One thing I love about minecraft
the other one would be 2 computers in the same room
is creative mode
05but yeah shizu if you feel like just dropping by that would be awesome ^_^ i could hand you the IP if you'd want
shizuka, what are you using for you inventory organization?
cause it reminds me of legos
one time i found a villiage in minecraft and guess what i did to it?
looted it for supplies?
Dem Legos :P
i infested it with zombies and everyone died but me
XD
shizu do you have a server?
i burned the one i found
but yeah I'll say it once more
and filled it with creepers
none survived
if MLD made you cry, you haven't played MOther 3
Buytoast:no just zombies creepers dont blow villiagers up
they do if you punch them,
don't they have Iron Golems to protect the villagers now?
yup
You're making Riven in Minecraft? o:
Buytoast:everyone died anyway XD zombies took over the town
Oh
00,02Rivencraft
00,02:D
^
Build it
:P
Hah
Wow
ey guys guess what? roblox is just like this but it has circles in it and no singleplayer just multiplayer
hey*
Moo
Hah, that's pretty damn cool.
so, have you recrated The Cleft Shizuka?
or better yet, D'ni?
Shizuka:you should make this world into a hamachi server but fist make it offline mode so cracked and premium users can join
first*
Ooooh buuuuuuuuurn
FEAR THE MUFFIN.
XD
I woul love to see MOther 3 in here
DONT COME NEAR ME! I HAVE A MUFFIN AND IM NOT AFRAID TO USE IT!
XD
00,02wait
i want one
00,02so myst has been made in minecraft
00,02?
Nittany_Discord, I saw you
theres already mist because of toggle fog XD
are you laging or is that my pc?
Yep Phase
i always have tiny render distance on because this computers shitty and cant handel far or normal or even short just tiny
is this on a server, and may people come? :l
I named him..Fred
my hamsters named fred
XD
The difference is my Fred can kill.
11,01CrimsonPhoenix: Where?
/me Feals like playing some TF2 (Shocker)
i hate FЯED
YES
he has 2 movies and a friggin tv show
freds in her wheel right now
do you ever play with mods in mc?
i didnt realize it was a girl untill i brought it home LOL
twilight_sprinkle: There's gonan be a 3rd one
*gonna
disgusting
a third one?!!
Waffles: Yeah
Ponies47: ...
-__(\
Ponies47: excuse me while i hang myself
twilight_sprinkle: O_O
^
also fred eats dicks-i mean hamster food
xD
any one want to play a survival map
i was joking about the dicks part LOL
Nah I'm gonna go play TF2 :p
So be back later :P
bye Ponies47
Bai Ponies47
00,02seems the age book/linking book mechanics have been implimented as a mod
if hamsters ate dicks they whould probaly be named the penis engulfer LOL
cya Ponies47
I won't be gone long maybe hour or 2 :P
Myst craft i believe the mod is called
Sucks I gotta close the Internet in order for TF2 to run better :<
Ponies47: see ya in 5hrs
i dont see anything<
Curse my 9 year old computer :<
Spectrum_Rush: Haha very funny :P
wasn't jokeing :S
O.O
:D
Ok TF2 NOW!
rare time I will enjoy dubstep http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHjpOzsQ9YI
is with Lindsey
11,01CrimsonPhoenix: Where did you see me at?
Moonstuck
once again
hmm?
11,01Oh.
yay wubs
11,01That's #4.
seems comcast crapped out on Shizuka
Actually Waffles it's not the wubs
it's DAT GODDMAN VIOLINIST
dammit.
seriously that girl is amazing
11,01I was happy to get one questioned answer on Moonstuck. Now I have four.
love the Violin
Nittany_Discord: leave some for the rest of us :S
oh hey Nittany_Discord did your power go out?
Nittany_Discord, maybe egophiliac likes you
OH MAI
11,01cratorkid: No.
13http://screensnapr.com/v/SJyQdV.png my civilized world internet everyone....
13guess i'm done for the night
11,01CrimsonPhoenix: I wonder.
well drew my first mlp picture, im just afraid if someone sees it
Nittany_Discord, maybe you can bait him in an interview
I love egophiliac
Shizuka: I don't get it :(
11,01I like her too.
wait....her?
egophiliac is a girl?
Nittany_Discord: i have a question , who attacked them?
CrimsonPhoenix: yeah
so what are we talking about?
13it pings about two vertical lines a second
13? are dropped packets
reminds me of octavia, but shes a violin
ok no seriously you guys a joshing me
11,01cratorkid: Moonstuck-related?
Shizuka: Ah. I see.
egophiliac is a girl?
11,01CrimsonPhoenix: Yes.
CrimsonPhoenix: no Egophiliac is a girl
Nittany_Discord: ofcourse
im confused .-.
05but yeah shizu bef you go
11,01Check Moonstuck.
05would you mind taking a look on theses server?
13i hate comcast so much
my mind has been blown into fireworks
13i don't think i can wrek, i get about thirty seconds of internet at a time now
http://youtu.be/dQiNVk_u0po
05oh well
11,01Wait. Nvm.
/me ooo's and aah's at CrimsonPhoenix explosive display
13it's dropping about 80% of all packets
11,01The giant bird probably attack the bat ponies.
11,01Getting that egg.
any one wanna play survival on mc?
>S Club reunion tour playing at local venue
I see we are streamless once again.
Not sure if want
here's a favorite of everyone http://youtu.be/BSLPH9d-jsI
Nittany_Discord: check
g2g everypony goodnight :)
So, what did I miss while I was gone?
seeya cachi01
woah CrimsonPhoenix
night cachi01
lindsey is awesome
11,01cratorkid: Ask yourself: http://woonastuck.tumblr.com/
night cachi01
11,01I don't like to hog the questions, so I wait a while when I get one answered.
Nittany_Discord I missed alot of somethings.
Nittany_Discord: i was really just aknowladging another ine in there , its like what your seventh?
11,014th.
ok
Ahhhh its been forever since I've been here :)
hi Cupcakes
hi Canadian_Brony
http://youtu.be/b3KUyPKbR7Q
05guess i can stream some shit while i finish this
and Wrek|Observiking
Is season 3 out yet?
Cupcakes, nope
Okay BACK TO BED
wake me up
Sabershy is here too!
ohai Sabershy
11,01I wish I could sleep through this weekend.
:|
Hello everypony
Please ponies let me sleep, I like sleep
*yells in Cupcakes 's ear* SCIENCE!!!!1!!
11,01I slept poorly last night.
oh, sleep
k
I am science
hi Spriggals
I am Canadian
hey Canadian_Brony I'm canadian too heh
I know
Canadian here as well :D
ohai Basenji
11,01I'm off to bed now.
11,01I have a busy day tomorrow.
I suddenly have an urge for sushi...
g'night Nittany_Discord
Night Nittany_Discord. :)
nighty night night
night Nittany_Discord
good luck with that busy day
'n stuff
11,01Saturday might be even worse.
Canadian_Brony: http://www.google.com/search?num=10&hl=en&site=imghp&tbm=isch&source=hp&biw=1280&bih=913&q=You+dont+say%3F&oq=You+dont+say%3F&gs_l=img.3..0j0i10j0j0i10j0l6.1329.4881.0.5331.13.13.0.0.0.0.454.2644.3j4j4j0j2.13.0...0.0...1ac.-8Dk7IX__yI
night Nittany_Discord
Cupcakes, use Derpe.me
sorry its so long
yeah i used to use that
use a URL shortener
i forgot :/
s'alright
05ok hit refresh
SCIENCE!!!!1!!
dang and i was About to post a video link :(
I mean STREAM!!!!
http://youtu.be/JGCsyshUU-A
oh hai
hi RAWRity
I'm in time for a Wreky stream it would seem.
hi RaveBrony
woops
RAWRity
dat tab fail
Oh, i was wondering where the music came from :O (got like +20 tabs open). Hi there, Wrek! :D
xD
Which, considering the time difference...jesus Wrek, do you ever sleep?
ohia RaveBrony
Hey Darkts3|Drawing|MLG2, how did you know i came back to this tab? O_o
RAWRity sleep is for the weak!
oooh
Hey Canadian_Brony :P
RaveBrony: they tried to tab me
I can't post some lindsey anymore
:<
is that good?
mfw people keep saying that LoL has "dethroned" WoW as the top MMO: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/829/ :|
RAWRity: Oh, alright :D
CriticKitten, lol what
wait, LoL is a MMO?
LoL isn't even an MMO
No.
what is LoL?
It's not. That's my point.
LoL is MOBA
meh, Lindsey Stirling's okay, but a music stream I frequent plays her so often, and the people there sing her praises so devotedly, I can't help but feel like she's overrated.
Multiplayer Oline Battle Arena
. . . that is?
oh
.
RAWRity, oh....
Escapist keeps saying that LoL has "dethroned" WoW. Which it hasn't, because THEY ARE DIFFERENT GENRES OF GAMES. >_>
sorry about that
ohai CriticKitten
Hai.
CriticKitten: LoL is also nowhere near as well known outside of gaming circles.
Carefull with that RAWRity
certainly doesn't sound like a MMO, and I don't play them
LoL is free
05not much of a stream
It's a real-time strategy game.
05but it'll do untill i gotta dash
Wrek|Observiking: a Stream is a Stream
Wrek|Observiking it's something
Better then nothing though, Wrek.
CriticKitten, Multiplayer Online Battle Arena
there's no strategy in controlling one single caharacter
*insert Robin Hood: Men in Tights quote*
I never cared for LoL personally
im baack
character**
WB Soul
It's literally nothing like WoW, but these terrible fricking writers keep saying it's beaten WoW. It makes me want to say "you know what? Farmville probably beat WoW before LoL got there, why don't you report that?"
Much perfer SC2
Cool, my Soul is back. :)
LoLz
ty ^^
Crimson: It's an offshoot of the RTS genre. :p
CriticKitten, I can understand your rage but I can't feel it
CriticKitten, I know about DotA don't worry
I know the origin and all but I still can't see LoL as an RTS at all
it's like saying Diablo is an RTS
O_O
Argue with Wikipedia, not me. :p
pfft, Wikipedia
also escapist is a joke for gaming journalism
I really dun give a crap how MOBAs are organized.
Clearly they should make a SoTC MMO.
hay guys what are we watching?
Random music videos.
So it's just everybody riding around a barren wasteland, not talking to eachther, fighting monsters for a vaguely defined purpose.
they actually called it Action RTS?
BS
I hate being wrong
speaking of, apparently teh guy who directed "Chronicle" is on board to direct the Shadow of the Colossus movie
though I was half right
im so excited for legends of equestria :)
Soul, you mean that 3d MMO?
yeah
whatever happened to tht anyway?
did anybody here play the leaked Fighting is Magic?
I did
no
mostly to figure out Rawrity
CrimsonPhoenix: you're bad and you should feel bad.
RAWRity, I won't distribute it anyway
but im curious, how did you control the characters
05no i got standards
Just to make sure you guys know, we don't condone downloading or playing the leaked FiM game, so no discussion of gameplay or links surrounding it please.
05rather wait for a release
oh, sorry
That's fine
I did attempt to end it there
I LIEK PONIEZ
:3
If you guys want to talk about it you can still do so over PM
Or in another channel
RustyMeat: really? SO DO I! :O
Fluttershy is best poney
works for me
pinkie pie is my fave :3
I actualy stumbled upon this webpage >.> feel out of place XD
05you guys like ponies? eeew gaaaay
Rainbow Dash is the definition of awesome.
05heh welcome Basenji
What is this Fighting is Magic?
nope
Sabershy a game
/me pokes a Shizu :3
hi Basenji
Sabershy: fanmade pony fighting game. looks to be awesome when it comes out.
13rain rain
13my internet
13is so bad .-.
aww, that sucks :\
I'm more excited for LoE
meh, MMO's have never been my thing.
What? My ponies fighting each other? Sounds interesting. Gonna go check it out...
Hi hi Wrek and Darkts3
LoE seems interesting
It looks cool to me, I'd love to make my OC and play it
I am looking forward to the fanwank when that MLP dating sim comes out.
O_O
So many mlp games and stuff coming out!
mmhmm
05time telling me to say farewell
05~
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1467/ Bronystate debates general
05but i knew i would fight hell
13jaja :<
05and i know
05we would
13i tried to stream minecraft earlier
13but comcast sucks
13so much
><
sooo quiet
lol
-ahem- BUY SOME APPLES!
so . . . end of stream? I'm not watching it.
Wheeeeeeeee!!
I need more booze
...:'(
http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/292361_2239404761351_1277914182_n.jpg
My shirt is being made still, so that measn I won't get it till next week.
05currently wearing ym shirt
/me goes back to TF2 Trading where he belongs
well... PRAISE THE SMOOZE :3
05its soooo comfy!
so wich one did you buy Wrek|Observiking ?
ym?
my t-shirt is hanging up in my closet so I dont' soak it with sweat
blazing in here
Anyone get dawn guard?
05the Too Shy one on WLF
05as ive said before
Anyone here like seaponies?
05would get a twilight one if they had any good ones but alas
Wrek|Observiking well voting for the twlight contest is going right now, you could vote your favorite :p
I was planning on ordering an RD shirt, but I got this one instead http://www.redbubble.com/people/edoxile/works/8632633-drink-cider-learn-nothing?p=t-shirt
. . .
I have a Discord shirt and a Shadowbolts shirt.
RAWRity: :O lucky!
=/
my sister's been bugging me to show her "Super Speedy Cider Squeezy 6000" ever since my shirt came in
Canadian_Brony: then do it
I will eventually
Canadian_Brony http://www.welovefine.com/1708-drink-cider-learn-nothing.html
exact same one :p
too busy with other things when she isn't awake
TheGreatAndPowerfulT did you get that one?
well.... im gonna go, cya at movie night! :)
I want the new Vinyl shirts they just posted on WLF...
seeya Soul
Bye Soul!
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4325/
CrimsonPhoenix I know that feel
I watched the entire 1st season on a school night
nope i got a derpy d-209, a trixie ilusions one and pony pocket one
hmm, not familiar with those ones
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3194/ best derpy face
savin' that
http://www.welovefine.com/1429-4140-large/d-209.jpg
05there we go
05much better
05too early for screamo
http://www.welovefine.com/1033-2881-large/illusions-trixie.jpg
awesome
and this one http://www.welovefine.com/1359-3942-large/pony-pocket.jpg
those are Wizard. "Bringin' it back bitches."
sorry, I'm bored and tired
couldn't resist
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/723/
hmm, everyone at my school knows I'm a science nerd. I think this would be perfect for me http://www.redbubble.com/people/northerndash/works/8083175-science?body_color=black&p=t-shirt&print_location=front&size=medium&style=mens
05id stream something more interesting had i not been forced to dash to a meeting in 10 minutes
05hope the music suffices untill then
s'all good
Wrek: Don't worry. Music is fine too when doing other things. :)
like looking at t-shirts and posting links to them in a chat
Canadian_Brony, White would be perfect
Well, almost at 7,000 words on my Camp NaNoWriMo story. I'll probably be going to sleep in a moment. G'night everybody!
all you can see is Twilight and "Science" though
g'night RAWRity
Night RAWRity
Goodnight RAWRity. :)
Canadian_Brony, http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2223/
night RAWRity
. . .
hmm
-_(\
ohai [Alpha]
Hi Canadian_Brony
I keep changeing my name but I'll keep this version
So who's streaming?
nopony
/me hugs Wrek|Observiking
I spat all over my screen when I say a "Cupcakes" t-shirt
Then the music is spontanaious?
Random hugs
oh! Oops, sorry. I'm not watchign stream
brb. Gotta clean my monitar and desk
covered in root beer now
Bye Canadian_Brony
05oh well off to my meeting
YAY for root beer ^^ *Cheers*
Good luck Wrek!
Bye Wrek|Observiking
seeta Wrek. Good luck
then who was stream?
chuck norris
nuck corris
my vid isnt working what going on?
You're all muffins.
applesack: no stream right now , someone might pick it up
ok
...
http://www.redbubble.com/people/choccywitch/works/8344260-trust-derpy-shes-science?body_color=white&p=t-shirt&print_location=front&size=medium&style=mens
Screw the cooment I would still get the shirt
comment
hey
hi
The commenter has a valid reason though.
If you gunna pay 30 something for a shirt, make sure it is good quality.
I'm still wondering hiw the stream is taking place if Wrek is at a meeting and that is Wrek's OC right there
Proly left his computer on and streaming, my guess till someone else decids to take over.
Very True I know but the image is so fun
/me Is still in awe because Sim Gretina was on Bronystate earlier today
I would get this for my sister, but their smallest is too large for her http://www.redbubble.com/people/strangetalk/works/8535289-sweetie-belle-best-little-sister-ever?body_color=white&p=t-shirt&print_location=front&size=medium&style=mens
Well if it isn't preshrunk then it can be expected to shrink
/me slaps Sabershy
?
:'(
:3
/me begins to sniffle
/me hugs and hands muffins to Sabershy
does cotton shrink?
:D
my shirt is 100% cotton, but I know nothing about that kind of stuff
If not properly cared for and washed it can be shrunk. That is why I always buy one size bigger than I actaully am :P
k
-washed properly
hmm
food
all I have is ductape
I left the muffins with Luna on the moon
otherwise I would throw one at you
Make a magical flying ducttape carpet and ride it to the moon
I'm an earth pony
and I do science
hmmmm use science
well, I did make a ductape-making-machine out of ductape . . .
don't ask
Awesome
I'm slightly tempted to keave to test out the update on Artstudio
-leave
Up to you. You can always come back.
true but when I draw I spend hours on one drawing even if it does suck
Well time for sleep just fell asleep in my chair... See you all later maybe
"100% Dumb Fabric"
http://www.redbubble.com/people/phyrjc2/works/7613072-dumb-fabric-washing-instructions?body_color=white&p=t-shirt&print_location=front&size=medium&style=mens
g'night Basenji
Dream of ponies Basenji
well doubful i will [Alpha]
see i stumbled upon this site and i haven't even seen a MLP episode XD
:)
Well friday is usually our MLP day
ponies are cool
^
Well may be back on friday if im not busy anyway have a good night all
Basenji: Movie night usually has two pony episode for sure.
Other than that it is up to the streamers whether they feel like ponies
Just, please don't ask for them.
I will rarely talk in chat usualy so i won't ask :P
Switching over to safari. I'll lose the stream but I'll chat and draw at the same time
Yea. If they stream ponies to much; who knows? We might get tired of them.
Yeah Basenji if you ask for ponies as a cruel gag they'll put on G3
I don't I've seen Season 1 and 2 4 times already
I'll never get tired of ponies. I play a drinking game . . .
I find it more entertaining then cruel.
Friday night and Saturday afternoon is the main time they'll play ponies
JESmith71: Well, it depends on your time zone. Mine is Friday afternoon Sat. morning.
hey guys
Hey
hi cra-
hmm?
cratorkid you dissapoofed
Canadian_Brony: i did :P
I'm heading out. G'night everypony.
sup yall
any one here
ell thegt90
ah hello
ello*
you came during a dead zone..
i can see that
some reason i have good timeing for that
11,02Moo ^.^ http://macromeme.com/cat/people-dont-know-news.jpg
these pics are creepy
LOL SuperBrony64
ha i so saved that one
SuperBrony64, LOL
le stor wars XD
Alright everypony! Time for me to go to bed. I'll see you all on BMN. :)
night
Oh and Wrek, if you see this: Thanks for the music stream. Got a few good ones out of it.
Night Saber
Grr the new user interface is not as easy as the old one. Now I must start from scratch to adjust to it.
well im going to sleep so...
night guys
Hello Everypony :)
hi Firefox
Good Night
Night Darkts3|Drawing|MLG2
also hai everypony
Hi Pinkies4thWall
Hello Firefox
Hi Pinkies4thWall
Hey Pinkies4thWall
Mustasch!? This is a game? :P
That's Awesome on the Little comment on hop it says VioletVanilla is best pony
-top
...
:I Pain...
Hullo ponies!
Hey CrazyCherry!
hello CrazyCherry! :)
Polydunami: Sup?
lol
Oh Hai
I'm not too bad.
Firefox: Sup?
Sounds like hell, looks like heaven
So good to see you all again. Its been a while.
im fine ty :)
Polydunami: Well good to hear.
Oh my
Hello Jaketehsnake!
Firefox: Good.
I come with Question!
OMG This song XD
Tomorrow I embark on a long car trip with a kindle. Fanfiction I should read>
hey guys
'I have a serious question
there's this one fic i saw earlier that was obamaxcelestia you can read
does Bruce Wayne sleep?
but i believe it is erotic fiction
Hawt
:o
Nah, I have a friend who loves to spam me with Stories like that, I am set.
Jaketehsnake, http://www.fimfiction.net/story/22925/Tales-from-Mystika%3A-A-My-Little-Mages-Book
:S
WWWWEEEEEE <3
Huh.
...
>_>
OMG AGAIN!?
Well, it has been a long time since the script derped
I suppose we were overdue.
:I
Meh, I'll fix it later
And just turn it off for now
lol
Mornin' everypony
so guys
hai DixInfernus :)
Does Bruce Wayne ever sleep?
No, he waits
LALALALALAL xD
Does anyone here have an IBrony account? And wrek streaming again I take it?
Oh hi Dari
Hey
I was starting to think Noone was talkin
how you been?
TheRandomkid321: I talk, just been reading the latest chapter of 'A Troll Through the Park'
I have been reading the last chapter of 50 shades of oh wait uhh Forest... Its not at ALL like 50 shades of grey :$
Soo what is that painting ponys name anyway? Eh screw it. I'll just call him Bob Ross Pony.
... so silent...
soo.... were just listining to music?
hello
anyone?
/me blows bubbles
YESH SOMEONE!
/me hugs spartan133t
hia
well I'll be heading to bed
WHERE DID ALL YOU PEOPLE COME FROM!?
Night CrimsonPhoenix
you guys have fun being dead
TheRandomkid321: utah.
TheRandomKid123: idk
I keep watching Bob Ross Pony... WHy doesnt his painting change?
CrimsonPhoenix: i'm not dead yet!
Hey where can you make Pony Sprites?
I dunnp
-_-
Xiaden|okari: just download desktop ponies
and
how u liking them
Hello everypony :3
sup
Nothing much
can we request songs?
Chat is so ded :<
/me hugs ponibas
/me hugs Ponies47
i know right
tab fail
Alos Ponies47.
/me Hugs Pinkies4thWall back
TheRandomkid321: Hia :3
how do u guys do that
*Hai
brb
lol
anypony wanna skype?
shure
back
front
Oh Pinkies4thWall speaking of Skype :3
yes?
I made a new Skype now. But have no mic or webcam :<
:(
do u have a psp with a headset
My new Skype is Ponies47 if you care to add me. I know it sucks. I'm just trying to add contacts in and such
thegt90: Nope
ill add u
dang
if u did gonna say thats anothere way u can skype
wat dis
thegt90: Ah
there sent request
thegt90: What's your Skype name? Just checking to make sure
justin.ray.love
K. Got it
accpected
love the pic man SOON
SOON Evil Dashie
brb
nice
ok
:[ YEEEEAH!
back
._.
Hi
Hi PinkieLovesMe :3
Hi
wasup
Stuff...
Nothin important...
Chat is to quiet :<
that it is
Is 4am
for me
^
dat Celesty
also, ello everypony :)
Hi
sup
dat smoking Wrek|Observiking
Hey thanks earrlier for whoever told me about desktop ponies, Got RD, FS, AJ, And Luna all over my screen : D
Xaiden|okari: THEY ARE SO MUCH FUN! :D
Ponies47: I gotta find out how to make my own!
Hurdidur I want a sprite of my oc done... soon
Ponies47: just finished playing Halo CE on computer, also a bit tired, you?
Can anyone make me a Desktop pony of my OC? Or atleast tell me how?
Ponies47: so you have skype now?
well i guess all you can do is chat through text then :P
Good morning Bronystate! Wrek is streaming music for us?
ello MadSurge
Hey MadSurge
Until I get a mic or webcame. You know I do have $90 I could go buy a mic and webcam :$
I have risen from my pile of GTA and school
Ohai MadSurge
Hey Pwnies! Haven't seen you in a while :3
*Webcam
Hey does anyone know how to make a Desktop pony for myself? I really want to make one of my self... :\
Xaiden|okari: Nope.
Ponies47: mind if i add you on skype?
Well then I guess Im gonna take off then! My reguards to everyone!
night Xaiden|okari
oh :D
just joined and me gusta
add me
Night Xaiden|okari
there will be ra....uh hmm.. free candy
lol
i just got my intuos5 HOLY FUCK ITS BG
big*
Good morning guys.
Ponies47 goto skpye then look at your "skype name" (Not the display name )
the intuos 5 does look quite big: http://www.doobybrain.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/wacom-intuos5.jpg
11,02http://macromeme.com/cat/tried-to-milk.jpg
its fuking bigger yhen my nes and n64 next to each otehr
and im back, just bucking spilled ice cold water all over my bed :|
/me nuzzles SuperBrony64
moooooooooooo
memomoooooooooooooooo
MOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!
moooooooooooooooooooooooooo
MOO!
Guys i just barely discovered Ponyhoof today
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall back :D
:O
Pinkies4thWall: barely?
Barely
/me Pokes SuperBrony64
11,02wub ^-^
/me glomps SuperBrony64
moo?
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
so who's streaming?
SuperBrony64 why u no look at thingy
Ok I better go sleepies now. Good night :)
http://comments20.com/Recados/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Funny-Cows-1.jpg
night Ponies47
11,02JRP2234[Silly_Filly]: y
05nad back
/me glomps Wrek|Observiking
05hopefully someone took over so my radio isnt still runnign xD
heyheyhey
SuperBrony64 Y!!!!!!!!
/me counterglomps SuperBrony64
JRP2234[Silly_Filly]: oh :P
/me slaps JRP2234[Silly_Filly] around a bit with a large trout
how is everypony
05i see its still radio
yup
05lets do something else
11,02O.O
wrek play metroid prime
PRIME!!!!!!!
SB64 please change ur mc server to 1.3.1
MOO
^
11,02Wrek|Observiking: You can play on mah Minecraft server :3
05gona see if i can get a game of this running ^_^
it's updated?
05then i can join
IS the server updated?
or is it still 1.2.5
i did the brony challenge,and teturned victorious
11,02PuddingCupz: The latest server build for that update is still a development build. Latest reccomended build is 1.2.5
dat connection fail
05but sb you can join my server though!
canary?
05i need some build help still <3
Whats a development build :$ lol
05SuperBrony64*
SuperBrony64:Whats a development build :$ lol
bleh
11,02Wrek|Observiking: I can :3 but I'm just updating my server first so I'll join after. PM me the server details again though >>
dat swedish
11,02Development Build means it's a workable version of the software but it has major bugs in it that need to be fixed or addressed still.
so whats every one up to today
watchin stream :)
^
^^ like always
nice me too
:O Minecraft time!
Who is streaming
wrek is
good morning :3
Well, i'm losing consciousness. Good night everypony!
...
night Pinkies4thWall
good... night oO
Pinkies4thWall: goodnight!
night
dat MadSurge
lool its 11 am in germany xD
I'm going to go good night
see ya :D
Hey everypony!
night mzp
ello DerpDash
hi :D
someone knows the name of this song???
-_- oh no death metal or whatever
cya guys
This music is strangely fitting :D
not deathmetal...
sounds more like alternative or something :D
but its nice music :D
strange monoloque :S
05heh
uhu... could you play "wind of change" by the scorpions after this song??? :D
oh :(
05rarely take music requests
05but i can put it on queue
yay :3
what language is this oO
Nightu night everypony
Nighty night*
good evening :P
Wrek|Observiking: if ya leave it hollow under the grass, to put som torches otherwise you're gonna have a mob spawning problem
o god... in 14h it is 0 o clock here in germany.... soa i maybe just can watch 1 movie here :(
sleep well, Shizuschlafen
/me tosses tumble weed into chat
epic music :3
11,02Wrek|Observiking: Banana phone.
00,02ring ring ring ring
banana Phase4
00,02SuperBrony64, i can has ip?
ill see you guys tonight... see ya :3
bye teentro
11,02Phase4: It's Wrek's server :3
So i'm guessing us people still aren't allowed on that server?
/me flips XAX
NEVER!
D:
05need your MC name Phase4
<3
05to add you to the whitelist
00,02Wrek|Observiking, ariscop
oh.
whitelist.
dat whitelist
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Dat SuperBrony64|Craft :D
11,02Dat MadSurge :3
Dat XAX
._.
dat Jmo4267
;D
dat everypony
Jmo4267: Does you have the steams?
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
:o
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Of course I do.
Wrek, that server is beautiful ;_;
^
Jmo4267: Username?
I'm flabbergasted
D:
Try Jaymo
i got 561 Jaymos
Son of a.
lol
<- Try that
your city reminds me of Bruma from oblivion Wrek|Observiking
Noone notice me current predicament. ._.
/me slaps Vordox
NOP.
dat slap
00,02he quit :P
Getting any luck XAX? :$
Jmo4267: Vinyl as a pegasus for your picture?
correct-o-mundo
Aight.
HAHA your game list is cute.
Can anyone join Wrek?
this the regular MC server?
Er... The one that has been streamed in the past I mean
Wrek: So you don't want any more help? D:
05im good for now
aighty.
Thats impressive
You're all muffins.
hai everypony :3
ello Spell-of-Gaming
Hai Spell-of-Gaming
let it snow
MUFFINS.
muffins the size of mini vans?
^
00,02ok, now thats mostly done
00,02Wrek|Observiking, ip?
0546.236.85.221
poor chicken :D
dat villager :D
00,02not sure if internet is broke or they stanging perfectly still
Phase4: your internet possibly broke :P
00,02my internet broke
It's time to end it all
good morning bronystate
ello Hrafn
Dur
Durr
minecraft eh
hi bronies! :)
ello derpy_pony
ohai minecraft stream
SuperBrony64|Craft is now a traitor :D
yesterday someone linked my ebay offers on the eqd frontpage. now pony collectors are throwing money at me like crazy. ^^
life is nice
I'm brown and I'm a brony....I'm a Browni
Congratulations derpy_pony! :D
11,02:<
technically...erm...
whats up SB?
thx, Jmo4267 :)
11,02Cookies :D
derpy_pony: what you selling?
11,02Whatcha buyin'?
Hi SuperBrony64
11,02Come back any time stranger...
/me gives SuperBrony64 a cookie
/me noms on cookie :3
11,02[Alpha]: Hai ^-^
www.ebay.com/sch/quills_and_sofas/m.html
I was the first one who got his hands on wave 5
11,02They updated a lot apparently in 1.3.1...
celestia, luna, trixie and such stuff
SuperBrony64|Craft... are you mad at me :(
dat heavy metal.
in 1.3.1 they FINALLY fixed pick block on blocks which drop items/blocks other than themselves
I heard that they did
11,02derpy_pony: No outside links during stream >>
dat golden AJ o.o
11,02Panda: No :)
added a currency
SuperBrony64: Biggest update so far in the minecrafts history.
added trading
SuperBrony64|Craft, :( you sure?
11,02Yesh ^-^
id say the original adventure was bigger
dat castle
looks great. it's my last one
05hah this is nothing
not?hing
*nothing
I don't think I could get into minecraft but I'll try it one of these days
it's only worh it if you've got a server to play on
can't wait for bukkit to hit 1.3.1
single player gets dull quickly
no more world holes
Buytoast not really, not if you have mods
that's huge, how can you call it"nothing"?
05the outer wall is nothign compared to it
oh ok
wow derpy_pony i've actually bought from you before
oh ^^
hope they were good
they were :)
:)
the world is small
:S
00,02interderps
...?
O HAI GURLS
I would surround my castle in lava
...
derpy_pony: its funny you should mention the world being small, cause i actually met someone who had outbid me on something at bronycon
I only played minecraft in single player. A pirated version. Got boring as soon as all the basic stuff was covered, I had my little underground wheat field and ranch and my tree farm on the roof...
hi everypony
hi somepony_else
Well i think i'll go to sleep, goodnight everyone
hiya
good night TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
derpy_pony: this art editor looks much more interesting :D
hi Chrysalis
hi derpy_pony and Chrysalis and good night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Hello somepony_else and Chrysalis!
'night TGAPT
hey MadSurge
damn missed him
MUFFFFFFFIN
diamond eyes-shinedown
Oh yes, MadSurge. If I only had the talent for something like that. My spatial sense is so bad that I get lost in shopping malls. No chance to do architecture.
If I was going to build something in minecraft I think I would plan it out and draw a sketch of what it would look like the fromthere modify it as I see fit
derpy_pony: :D modern times allow you to have no sense of direction
haha
Sense of direction is overrated
sounds like a good approach, [Alpha]
hm...now we have gps
or a compass
Exactly
11,02http://www.folkingmetal.com/pickors/heads-up-7-up-epiphany.jpg
teachers are evil
11,02I'm off to bed, night all ^-^
never heard of this game before
SuperBrony64|Craft: I have no idea what that game is
good night SuperBrony64|Zzz :)
SuperBrony64|Zzz: and goodnight :)
good night SuperBrony64|Zzz
Good Night SuperBrony64
night SuperBrony64|Zzz
hungry....
ocrap
Night SuperBrony64
D:
afk for a while
Ancient monks got no shit on Wrek's patience for details :O
Let's STORM THE CASTLE!!
...
I'm just gonna go into the kitchen and see what I can eat
/me is having muffins for breakfast :3
Hrafn: :3
I wonder how many bronies decided to become bakers thanks to the show
Alright bear with me. A muffin with cupcake bites inside
:O
I approve of this
I think in the future I will become fat
well night everypony :(
:)
thats and awesome looking bridge
This castle need the Triforce
/me weighs 120 lbs
stream ending?
Bathroom break?
oh ok
:) I love Twilight
Oh god this game
05never beat it past level 3
Hello :3
05then again it was ages ago i played it
05how annoying
00,02wudis?
05no mute for the isntall music
00,02caeser 3?
Yep
Caesar?
wut?
Please don't tell it the type of game I dislike
this sounds like pokemon stadium music
dat install bar
Good ol' PC games
install bar is a troll
05lets hope i can run windowed mode
plot
even twilight cant help but stare
her eyes her eyes make the stars look like they're not shining
awesome
wreks riding twilight :O
:D
05the game is mad!
inb4 no window mode
why?
05casue it got stuck starting
00,02XD
games have feeling. I'm sorry Ninja Gaiden :(
Well it's Sierra games, they loved trolling with their adventure games :D
...
Chat got silent
busy making dirt fortress :P
I'm daydreaming
Also, stream ded?
you know what, making something look nice when built primarily out of dirt
is annoying
looks to be
i think ceaser doesnt like being watched
Cab you color the dirt?
-can
tis minecraft
so no
Lame
wb wrek
restart your machine?
05oops
05yeah
Well he did get stabbed 28 times and even then he covered his face so no one could see his expression
http://screensnapr.com/v/TQgdIv.png heres the build so far
05as i ctrlaltdel the comp froze up
05oh wel
05ill be back up momentarily
you know you can screen cap with prt button and just cntrl v on microsoft pain
05screensnapr is much handier
http://screensnapr.com/v/aLAoG8.png and inside the current side buildings
paint
screensnapr is just a ctrl1 and select from part of the screen
once my servers running again ill be using that for storage as well
im gonna move host cause this one doesnt support FTP
I take picture of the whole screen. Then on paint I crop it
or you just http://screensnapr.com/v/zFjIz8.png
select it and upload directly
no need to crop
is the stream over?
05and no need to manually upload
hurro everyone
05nah itll be bac up soon
hi Flyboy
I like it though it makes me work for my image
anything interesting happening?
Flyboy wreks setting up for a stream atm
what he gonna stream?
Ceaser 3
hmmm... ima look it up.
05it it doesnt fuck up again
sounds roman
anyone know a decent webhost?
05maybe Phase4 knows of one
00,02?
Phase4 know any decent webhosts?
00,02Chrysalis, depends on what you need
ftp access, and reliable email servers
any of you guys got guild 2?
Caser.
Caeser&
Caeser* Fml
i left my old cause they lost emails from jobs i applied to
00,02Chrysalis, you can use gandi as just a dns host and have an external webhost
i have a domain already, i pointed to them as a host
Sad times when you remember old MMOs you used to play that have since died.
00,02free ones like 000webhost are fine for not hosting anything important
its my portfolio
and i use the php/ftp/mysql for program interop
00,02000webhost will work for that, but not expect much for nothing
Nah
00,02dont'
I got over it a while ago
Suure you did.
i do pay for my host
That is how I took a picture of derpy inside the snowglobe in episode 44 a friend in deed
But I remember them every so often
hell i payed for about 6 years on my last one
Yeah
lolrunescape
oh wow, runescape
00,02Chrysalis, nfshost is good, service is great and you get ssh access
not played that in a LONG time
/me 00,02used to play runescape
Lawl, I got my mum into runescape.
Then I stopped playing
00,02runescape is crap now, completly different game
05ok the game doesnt even have options
05lets see if i can force it intow indowed
i stopped playing when my mum found out i had membership which was eating away at her money :D
XD
I remember my early F2P days on Runescape.
05same
When some guy gave me 14k out of the blue, and I was just "OMFGJAODFIGJKDFOIJGSDFIOJAERGIO"
05first time i played it was... 04?
a friend got me to try Runescape once, long ago, and I pretty much instantly got bored of it :P
Here's an idea, let's all play Runescape Classic and re-live the moments where we wanted to tear our faces off.
I had completed all the nonmem quests and I was lvl 55 then I forgot my password and the email I used's password as well
I just can't get into MMOs
You can't play RS classic unless you already have an account. >:
Sad times
I has RS Classic account, umad?
<3
I was talking about Rubies of Eventide in this particular case though. :P
I mad all my money mining ores and selling them as well as some blacksmithing
-made
Lawl
mmm... babies
there 80% off
Don't get me started on babies I'm the oldest
sounds like a good deal
05lets see if this wokrs
stream
Hey everypony
suddenly music
sudden music
hi Serenity
ello Serenity
I had the most mindfucking dream last night
I'm up early for some reason...
Wrek: we cant see anything :(
I can't see anything
05oh?
I bet he's playing fullscreen
05strange
What made it so screwy Serenity?
Wrek: if its an o,ld game, the stream may not accept it. it happened to me when i tried to stream something. then again. that was a long time ago. and it was xcom ufo defense. look up a picture of it and you may see why it didnt work
I don't know. I'm just guessing here
05hmm
Hello everypony :D
05what if
lali-ho BronyDarth
ohai BronyDarth
still can't see anything. Is anyone else having this problem?
Her's stopped the stream
05ok i think i can solve this
05kinda
kinda?
'kinda'
HOPE IS RESTORED THEN CRUSHED INTO EMBERS.
Wrek: Have you tried -w in the target bar?
05it is runnign windowed mode
05thing is
Ahh
05thats not the problem here
/me Bark
05the problem is that the game runs 16 bit color not 32
Have to make a reference here. Heavy: Is there a problem doctor? Medic: I HAVE NO IDEA
05and the capper doesnt pick up when its set to 16
guys, my BD's coming up, and i need some ideas for my BD list. any good games you can think of? Xbox and pc only :)
Wrek can it run in DosBOX that might help it
05its not that old of a game chrys
all the best games run in dosbox
00,02Chrysalis, kinda got off topic by runescape, still looking for a host?
Ohh, I think I know what Wrek's having. I had to do that with darkstone so I could show my friend it
Heyup, Phase4
00,02ohai Serenity
Yeah, it's doing exactly what my darkstone was doing
Dat music, sounds like me learning guitar.
00,02wow, dats ugly
yay, stream!
Not anymore :(
05did that work?
00,02nope
00,02well it streamed
sort of
05screncap next time?
00,02game is broke though
Cæsar III?
those colors:S
We can see it now, but it's doubled the colours
00,02BronyDarth, dat ae thing looks like a swastica on my screen
^
ooh trippy
Sorry phase.
It is
00,02BronyDarth, not a problem, its just odd
It is a AE binded together
Oh now it's fine
HEY HEY!
Yep, perfect
FIRE
05ok
this looks cool!
05so it worked then?
05good
05note though
05i wont bwe able to read chat
Colours.
Wrek: ah well
O__O it's broken again!
Or that happens?
BURRRN
This is exactly the reason why I always try and own 2 computers
Discord in a nutshell
Roman Pyro strikes again
00,02Wrek, https://dl.dropbox.com/u/51948537/screenshots/caesar3.png
you know youre fucked when the well is in the middle of the fire
Dat depends.
00,02oh
00,02suddenly better
What is this game?
If you have ze poniez, you can make infinite water
Its Caesar III
^
Oh, cool.
00,02getting a lot of buffering, not sure if its my end or mips being mips again
Strategy isn't my cup of tea, but whatever :)
Remind me to ask him how he fixed it when he's done playing, okay.
oh, one of them rts games?
Phase4: Probably your end. For once, I'm flawless
i better not be the only one who knows what the senate is :|
Strategy is my cup of tea, puzzles... Is my pears, I hate pears.
Flyboy: You mean there are people who don't know what it is?
I love puzzle
Malavolent: apparently
Flyboy: my country still has the senate :D
Dken2021: Yep, but not the one like Warcraft or sth similar
im not gettin any bufferin here
Flyboy: Well, damn.
trust me guys, after 5 years of civcity rome. the romans are my forte
How does one have 8000Deniers?
congrtuluashunz, u has grasped teh baesiccs
but apparently spelling isnt
^
Amen.
IQ - Test, How many elephants do you see.,
And they said Rome wasn't build in a day.
DAFUQ....
inb4 fire
inb4 terrorists...agai
this really is so much like civcity rome, accept shitter, and not 3D
n
accept shitter
:D
Jmo4267: :(
Rome wasnt built in a day though
yea, spelling isn't your forte
/me hugs Flyboy
It was built in 5 minutes.
Flyboy: And you complained about my spelling. Mine was intentional
Jmo4267: are you mocking me! :'(
There was a 3d Ceaser if i remember
NOPE.
*Caesar
Serenity: actually i was complaining about my own spelling
Why does it matter about graphics anyway
Serenity: :D
I know how to say Caesar without the swastika now! CÆSAR III
Wrek: Ever played one of the similiar games to this called pharaoh?
"Our prefecture is out paTROLLING"
lol Pharaoh
That
game
now I feel like finishing Actraiser, but those action stages :s
How the HELL do I get a cold in the summer
dat aqueduct
Serenity: Norway
Thats whyu
cold....I'm gonna get some icecream or a popsicle
Confound them norgies! D:
NO.
https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/6474183168
Why not give the infection to Sweden?
Serenity: discord. no more needed
John De lacie sounds french somehow.
CONFOUND THE FRENCHMEN!
Dem gods
guys, im going to ask you some questions to test your survival skill.
Is that a PP ref?
mmm pineapples
What do gods do when they're enraged?
They kill their people for the lulz
[Alpha] yum
you wash up on an island and you need water. where do you get it from?
Flyboy: Bear Grylls
Flyboy: Piss
mmm fried pineapples
Flyboy: I wait for rain.
Oh god wrek they gods don't like you :(
The true answer: My pocket
Malavolent: If you're deserted in the wests it wont rain.
the*
Malavolent: thats a good idea! but it isnt going to rain for a long time
Malavolent: so what now
Flyboy: Wait for snow?
AND NO DRINKING PISS
wtf?
It doesnt snow it the wests.
As long as you take it in small amounts at a time, you can handle sea water
UNLESS ITS DISCORD
/me is drinking piss,"oops"
Malavolent: it wont snjow. EVER
snow*
Flyboy: Discord.
BronyDarth: quiet you
Then I would probably search for fresh water.
/me is drinking a tasty drink from pouch
Malavolent: hey hey! thats good!, you find a freshwater river and drink up.
Did I win?
This is what to do Flyboy, Minecraft, cut down the trees, crafting table and make a boat.
You will never win.
SAVED
i was waiting for someone to say, "hur hur! drink from the sea HUR HUR"
Flyboy: You can survive it if you drink in small amounts
Malavolent: now you need shelter, there are no caves around though
Which can get you going for a bit
Serenity: if you dont filter it, you will still get sick.
Serenity: however little you drink
Flyboy: How about sleeping in tree top?
SO THAT MEANS IM SICK WHEN I DRINK WATER FROM THE SEA?!
^ sick bastard
I would be dead now wouldnt I?
:3
OBJECTION!!! Flyboy is lying!
finally dawnguard is on PC
£14?
Malavolent: good idea, now you need food for the night, how do you get it? there are multiple ways for this one
damn a DLC that costs more than alot of games
Flyboy: This one is quite easy, you can search for any ripe fruit from trees
Or, if there's no fruit, you can get a sharp rock and attack any edible animal
Serenity: ok, thats one way, how about the others?
What Serenity said.
ok, what about fishing?
Then make a fire, cook it and nomming time
Flyboy: That will take HOURS
Espeically with no bait
Serenity: not exactly, not with a spear
you will need to gut the fish
Serenity: A sharp rock to kill something? Damn, who teaches you how to survive? A weakling?
huh
the new tf2 heavy weapon
has pyro like abilities
Serenity: you get a long stick, sharpen one end, and use it to kill fish
BronyDarth: I don't survive, I destroy.
I dont destroy, I make chaos.
Besides, why am I answering thee questions? No matter what happens, I'll always have a gun with me
I don't chaos, I pony.
i dont make chaos, i AM chaos
I am choas
I am not chaos, Im discord.
too late got beat out XD
Just shoot the animal in the face = ded
Serenity: They wont die if you hit their mouth though
ok guys, so youve survived for the night, but you need to get off the island, how will you do it?
MAKE A BOAT
Serenity: You might want to save some ammo if you're on deserted island.
BronyDarth: not as easy as it sonds
sounds
BOAT
BOAT BOAT BOAT BOAT
Malavolent: I always carry more than 10 clips with me
*banned*
Serenity: I hope we will never meet in person then.
Don't worry. I'm not in war with you now, am I?
okay then BronyDarth, you make a boat, it sinks, youre now dead. happy birthday
Winrar.
No.
I can swim
I can't :P
Theres an island 6 metres away, willl you swim there?
If it was 6 meters away, you wouldn't need to swim
ACTUALLY IM A PEGASI, WHY AM I ANSWERING THIS? I CAN FLY!
The water wouldn't be deep enough
It can
You can also cut the caps
What caps?
Its shift.
BronyDarth: I'M MAKINH THE RULES HERE MORTAL! your wings just vanished, a shark eats you. ded D-E-D ded
:) a thriving city
:S
Shifting a basic letter will create the same effect as caps lock, don't play cleverdick
CleverBot
okay anyway! Malavolent and Serenity, you must find a way off this island, how will you go about it
Flyboy: I might try and find some debris anywhere, mabye what I crashed from and try and built a small boat
Look for fallen trees and make a raft out of the,.
Serenity and Malavolent making a boat isnt as easy as it sounds guys, you need a watertight material or something that can store air tightly, do you have any of those?
So is the winning condition of all these games "conquer the world"?
Flyboy: Trees.
Flyboy, you say that you challenged everyone right?
Then why cant we make bridges out of ourselves?
BronyDarth: you died remember. eaten by a shark
BronyDarth: your each on a different island
Alrighty then.
I'm eaten by a shark.
What do I do?
Die.
Fishslap it to death.
Continue to be dead?
/me is staying out this
NO.
I only want to make a boat.
Work at a boat factory then
well if it was me, i would make a big bonfire out of wet wood. it would create lots of smoke and i would use it as a signal fire.
simples!
6 Messages in 10 seconds?
Flyboy: What would you use to start a fire?
400,000 messages in 12 seconds ok?
Malavolent: Haven't you heard of that old friction trick?
Malavolent: two sticks, like a drill
That is exhausting and most of the time it doesn't work.
Malavolent: i would drill one into the other. the friction would create heat, the heat would create fire, voila
Ok, Im now dead, Im an angel pegasi, I have two pair of wings, what Im gonna do? Im gonna get a new life as a fly. And annoy the manure out of Malavolent *trollface*
Yay, food.
flyboy...for the material...tar
/me thinks he shall pass the trolling
can be cooked from resins
05so far so good
Flyboy: If you know what rock do you need, then maybe.
Slagrock mostly
05still worked fine?
/me flies to the island with Serenity on it
derpy_pony: good idea! you get off the island, to the next one where you meet Malavolent but your boat is falling apart so it cant be used again
Wrek: Yep
The most rough, ergo, generating tonnes of friction
/me shoots down BronyDarth
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUu
bones make good glue
Can I eat derpy_pony ?
too late
derpy_pony: From the bone meal?
I used your bones for construction already
think so
Malavolent: no, he can help you, so you should accept his help
/me gets a new life as a rotten banana and falls on Malavolent
....:S
derpy_pony: same to you, dont kill eachother
BronyDarth: Now you're just being silly.
cooperation is for casuals. I want to have all the coconut trees for myself :P
minecraft refernce?
ok...malevolent can do some tasks for me
a
Well, I got a crate of food and drink, I think I can set off for whereever this raft will take me :3
derpy_pony: This is my island, I make the rules here
this means war!
Serenity: you set of and manage to barely get to another uninhabited island, or so you think... DUN DUN DUUUN
the rules will be changed
Hi dudes :)
hi MegaMoonShine :)
Flyboy: Ooh, a crashed ROFLcopter
derpy_pony: You will never defeat me!
Screw the rules I have money
Serenity: :|
What game is this?
we will see
MegaMoonShine: Caeser 3
/me sells Malavolent to [Alpha]
Interesting
Anyway, I'm done because I've just realised what I've been doing the past 10 minutes
Serenity: as you explore, you find a native man, he doesnt speak your language but takes you to someone who does, a man named flyboy!
ok...plan b...cooperation. any useful skills?
derpy_pony: Well... I can cook minute rice in 59 seconds.
Serenity: Flyboy tells you that you can get a boat off of the ilsnad if you want, but you can stay here aswell. it is up to you
you are the royal cookery advisor then
-looks at Dery_Pony ," What am I going to do with this?"
I'm okay with this.
get it to build a boat, [Alpha]. I pay well
Lol, fire.
also, minute rice
Alright I'm adding myself to this as it is getting interesting
Oh shit! :O
OH NO
Newwwwuwuuwwww
[Alpha]: okay, you wash up on Malavolent and derpy_pony s island. you can now work for them, or find your own way away. your call
can we have a godzilla attack?
derpy_pony: NO! PLEASE GOD NO! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Okay let's see I shall explore the island
naaah..he gets the ministry of work and stuff
why? they have gods, they can handle it
[Alpha]: ok then! you find some fruit trees, a freshwater river and a hut, belonging to Malavolent and derpy_pony
Well whatever I'm a boy scout so I come eqquiped with a tinderbox and a swiss army knife
[Alpha]: okie dokie then
Can we eat him?
holy CRAP
Malavolent: :| STARE
we don't eat our guests, Malavolent
ey GUYS.
I'm so HAMMERED right NOW
Can we use his bones to make glue then?
Hai macee :)
I just got DERPY HOOVE'D last NIGHT
it was a bad idea
MegaMoonShine: Hullo
and you loved it, macee ?
/me starts looking for timber to start a fire
derpy_pony: Yeah.
derpy_pony: I don't always drink my brains out.
anyway, ima look for some games for my BD brb guys
oh
derpy_pony: But when I do, I do it wit my friends.
british? *g*
bye Flyboy
derpy_pony: oh its ok ima stay, ima just not be looking at the chat as much
oh
Alright he's gone *teleports home*
ONLY i can totally study for my english test while I'M DRUNK as HECK
hahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
:D
still drunk?
this is bad
you need an excuse to get a full blood exchange in your local hospital
yes
hm...
Maybe...
or you sleep now and stand up 4 hours earlier than normal
ohhhh
with my buddy, spike
or you fail at english and become a table dancer
heeeeh
Bill Speare down
hmhm
Hey
everyone
hey
Hey Spyglass :)
MegaMoonShine: Ooooo, I like you :)
You say hey to me :p
:$
i said it first!
hi Spyglass
Yeah, but you didn't address me directly :p
hi MegaMoonShine
derpy_pony: Hey
Yeah, but I also said his name Chrysalis
Hello people :D What si this I am watching?
Chrysalis: Like this
cäsar 3
You are watching history in the making good chap
Strawberry apple turnover
Does anyone here have an iBrony account?
I've never heard of iBony
never heard of ibrony before...some apple thing?
*Brony8
Its like facebook but ponified.
lol
too paranoid for that
Literally. That is it in a shellnut
/me is anonymous :P
THOSE ARE BIG PEOPLE!
Ikr
they fit into the houses somehow
00,02my internet died again aparently
wb Phase4
00,02Chrysalis, so, chosen a host or still looking?
Phase4That sucks mate.
00,02TheRandomkid321, it does but its my fault for lazyness
Phase4 still lookin
SuperBrony64|Zzz: ur not sleeping LIER
who here watches Game Grumps?
00,02Chrysalis, do you have numbers? how much bandwidth/disk space and so on
00,02that you need that is
only a few gig of each, its the reliability i need the most
gtg, have fun everypony! :)
phase4
im tempted to get a VPS
See ya derpy_pony
Phase4: start up a teamspeak server
Phase4. I hate to ask you this as if it apears I am bothering you but could you suggest a PC thst can run TF2 at max graphics? I am only using that as an example.
derpy_pony: Welcome to Bronystate, I love you.
00,02JRP2234[JRP], not yet
TheRandomkid321: Any old laptop can run TF2 on MEDIUM
TheRandomkid321: And so all you need is a decent 500$ pc
Spyglass: That's a lie. El Shitbox can't run TF2 on low
And it's a tower
00,02TheRandomkid321, i've got a gt540m, it runs at high
Serenity: El what?
the biggest constraint is AA
00,02^
El shitbox.
turn that down and the requirements drop like a stone
00,02i turn my down because of that
Phase4: when you do start up a teamspeak server, tell me please
Serenity: Xbox 360?
00,02Flyboy, will do
skype party
00,02Chrysalis, https://www.nearlyfreespeech.net/services/pricing
Spyglass: No, desktop
I kind of want a laptop though. COuld anyone suggest a laptop that has the ability to run TF2 at max graphics?
Serenity: I think I underpstand
512 Mb ram, ati radeon 2400 gpu and pentium dual core 1.8 gh/z.
Asus
yeah i was looking at them
Phase4: oh also, if you know any good games i could get, please tell. its my BDay soon so ima need a list
TheRandomkid321: Get an alienware MX11
It ish crapola
*M11x*
00,02you can get ftp but sshfs is recomended
Spyglass You're joking... YOU ARE JOKING!?
alienware is kinda crap
Lol Spyglass
The M11X alienware laptop is only about 700$
You're a fool.
No
0.01 per megabyte per month
00,02i forget the exact names, you can use winscp for it
The M11X is a cheap good gaming laptop
If you want a good computer, build a falcon
To even suggest Alienware.
Alienware. yeah. That doesnt suck a$$
Show me another good gaming laptop that costs under 1,000$
I dare you
Do it right now
my current site backup nears 2 gig
00,02Chrysalis, pricing is strange, and yeah depends on how much you need to store
00,02ah
Spyglass: One second, good sir
Serenity: This'll be good.
Spyglass it costs 1500 in australia.
TheRandomkid321: Austrailia sucks
Spyglass Bite your tongue!
Austrailia?
oh yeah, you seen the new heavy weapon?
00,02Australia is best
Hey respect people
TheRandomkid321: Lol
Australia represent Phase4
paired with an engineer that thing is massivly OP
Anyone wanting to go to paintchat? :3
:) why do I love derpy so much
I'll ask my computer repair guy about a good PC taht can handle games well. I'm sick of chosing between HORRID graphics or missing out on a round while the level loads.
[Alpha]: she follows you
Grr, can't find it
OMG NOSTALGIA BONER RIGHT NOW
Serenity: cHECKmate Atheist
Wait....
AdamTheDuck... Heres a pillow... Use it wisely.
Is this AoE?
Really ? Freaking sweet
No.
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Its CÆSAR III
Serenity: I did some research myself and found an asus for 800$
just upgrade your computer it'll be cheaper that way
Serenity: But the specs are around to what the M11X is capable of doing
asus! My mother has taht computer... i ahet the keypad so much!
Looked like Age of Empires at first glance xD
Alienware is a horrible brand for PC gaming. But when it comes to gaming laptops, they aren't bad.
Wait, how much did you say the M11X is?
Phase4: dont you have loads of deadly creatures over in australia? i mean here in england we have lawyers but australia is worse apparently
1500
It was like 700$ last time I checked.
From whom?
I really would like to see this.
00,02Flyboy, well redbacks live around here (not deadly but you dont want to get bit), whitetails are rare but not unheard of
11,02Dat feeling of still not being asleep...
This laptop is the biggest waste of Money I've ever seen http://www.razerzone.com/blade
lol Razer Blade.
What a joke.
yeh
FLyboy I hate stereo types liek this. We dont just see giant poisonous spiders daily. Whenever I reveal Im an aussie on XBL people ask if I ahve ever seen a giant spider the size of a plate.
11,02The only reason it's a waste of money right now is that it's using old tech.
11,02For what it has, it's pretty cool, the LCD screen as a trackpad really adds to the appeal :)
Even in itss time it was still expensive.
its*
TheRandomkid321: I looked at a list of the ten most deadliest creatures in the entire world, and seven of them were in austrailia...
TheRandomkid321: but it's fun tellingwe go to school riding kangaroos...
How are them Box Jellyfish?
AdamTheDuck True. I once told a kid taht my roof has like 40 giant spiders in it.
*shivers*
Wow...
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Spyglass yes but we dont see them daily. I am not denying their existence though.
TheRandomkid321: Most of that is garbage though
TheRandomkid321: The stereotypes
MrPoniator: how bout you moooooooo
Soon its 1 deadly.
I know all about stereotypes. I'm asian and everyone expects me to be super good at math and junk....
11,02The Blade looks to me like the original MacBook Pro w/ Retina Display. It's ultra thin, yet packs a ton of power.
SuperBrony64|Zzz: Only not as shit?
Macs? Ugh,
I'll just ask my somputer fellow about a good computer.
SuperBrony64|Zzz: A mac won't give you viruses. But atleast with a pc, you'll still be able to afford a doctor.
I can see where this is going. -runs-
Ugh... Macs :|
Serenity Bite your tongue... Okay mayby you do have a point... Stupid peice of.
:D
11,02Spyglass: Tru dat.
Spyglass THATS UNORIGINAL!
Macs can get viruses
TheRandomkid321: Heh
Yup
TheRandomkid321: It's funny though
11,02Serenity: It's a JOKE.
Macs is bad? Without them we wouldnt have PC. And without Android we wouldnt have Iphone, and we wouldnt have android without PC.
Serenity: LOL, yeah but look at most of the viruses out there, they're designed for PC.
SuperBrony64|Zzz: (Kinda hard to tell sarcasm and all that through text)
Serenity: Macs can get viruses, but most of them are PC designated
uhm please distinguish between PC and windows
I'm pretty sure
everyone correlates pc with WINDOWS
in genereal, please don't confuse hardware with software
I've never heard anyone call a mac a PC.
shana: PC is something that computes, Windows is an OS
Lets end this Windows Mac PC thingie,
11,02Without Android we wouldn't have iPhone? lol wut, iPhone came out before Android
WITH boat!
Macs were made specifically for IOS
Super.
I mean the new Iphones.
Iphones uses android parts.
Without the microchip we wouldn't have any of this
Serenity: mac osx, not ios
It would be cool if a mod got a ROM of Xcom UFO defence and played it on the stream and chose names for the soldiers from the chat. I got the idea from a live stream and I am proud to say I am one of the four survivors of OPERATION: OWNAGE. A mission that ended in a "Tactical Fallback"
Without Earth we wouldnt have anything.
11,02And Androids use iPhone parts ;)
shana: I know the differences and all. This conversation was directed towards those who know the differences already. And so it would be redundant to explain. Also pretentious...
Without ponies, we wouldn't have this chatroom
11,02Apple uses the available technology and tweaks it to better suit their hardware.
WITHOUT A CHATROOM, we would be bored as hell
11,02^
and samsung use to make the iphone parts
Without Lauren Faust, none of us would be talking to each other
SuperBrony64|Zzz: lets have a big skype party
Which line is longest, DAFUQ IS WRONG WITH THESE ADVERTISMENTS?!'
11,02Samsung phones really...kind of...suck >>
^
Not the samsung galxy s 3
SuperBrony64|Zzz: Have you ever owned an Iphone?
WoT.
11,02I'm especially talking about the Galaxy S 3 :)
I have an old samsung galaxy phone... I SWEAR ONE DAY I SHALL SMASH IT!
Spyglass: it's not redundant to use terms that are more appropriate. Example instead of saying that PC has more viruses it makes a lot more sense to say that x86 windows has more malware
Fine you are titled to your own opinio
11,02Spyglass: I've owned every iPhone (except the 3GS) since about a month after the first iPhone launched.
Bøat
Iphone is so bornig
What's the difference between x86 and any other type of windows? it runs 32 and 64
shana: Well overall, the Windows os in general is more susceptible to viruses
They say im so bored, I want to see moar shaows.
05this city is going to hell
Serenity: there's also windows for arm
05xD
Oh god
Uhh... what happened?
I want the htc one x
Wrek you made new york YOU MONSTER!
05im in dept to caesar!
11,02No matter how appealing the hardware that I find on Android phones, iOS mixed with the iPhone hardware wins me everytime :)
05oh noes!
Has anyone stopped eating at Chik-fil-a?
05fuckign gods demandign satisfaction makign me bankrupt
Dey sai im su b0red, i wan do sea moar shaos.
11,02But if there was one Android phone that I would buy instead of the iPhone, it would be the HTC One X.
Serenity: windows 8 has a arm version, windows ce had an arm version iirc and maybe other platforms
Ha I love htc
WRek, dey sai dey are s0 b0red!
shana: I remember you
11,02HTC is the only other manufacturer of smartphones besides Apple that I would buy.
^
I never went to school, but I know the alphabeth
shana: You're that techie girl. Who was here talking about tech last time.
This is it:
HTC sense for the win
QWERTYUIOPASDFGHJKLZXCVBNM
11,02One of the biggest draw factors is they don't use the junk AMOLED displays and use real, super awesome and clear LCD displays :D
Yeah and they get better and better at making their phones
yeah I should stop nitpicking :)
"so achmed, how do you spell your name?" "well its A-C-...Flem."
Nah it's cool
The internet is low on intelligent people, and so it's refreshing.
There is an extended alphabeth too!
11,02I can't wait for the iPhone 5 to be announced, the leaked images of the case design look amazing. Glad I skipped the 4S for it :3
To talk with someone who knows stuff.
I used to have the HTC desire then I went fishing
YOU'RE ALL MUFFINS.
123456780+\qwertyuiopå
¨ASDFHJKLØÆ'
Jmo4267: Muffins are just cupcakes who never got asked to the prom :(
¨ASDFHJKLØÆ'
You are so random BronyDarth :P
He's not being random
You're a cupcake Spyglass.
Jmo4267: Yes, I'm a pretty pretty cupcake
Im being a BOAT
Giggity.
I am a licentious dessert.
I like IOS but in all honesty it is quite boring
Mc Donalds Are giving out olympic cups with every karge meal. Pretty good quality they are.. I got one with my 10 peice large Scootaloo nuggets meal. I'm a big eater okay? Its normal for a growing male.
^Lol'd
Scootaloo nuggets :'(
Jmo4267: My icing brings all the Po-boys to the yard.
05so
I got one of those yesterday
05who bets ceasar will kill me? :D
TheRandomkid321: Yeah, I got 3 because my whole family got scootaloo sammiches
That's awesome to know Spyglass.
wait....what?! I'm going to Mcdonalds
Wrek: *Talking in mafia voice* he will break yer legs, wise guy
thanks, now I can't eat chicken nuggets anymore..
LOL
Wrek: i bet on celestia's right hoof that he will
I bet 150 bits Wrek
shana: never eat them to begin with
shana The scootaloo think ame me like chocken more.
Serenity: he'll be sleepin' wid the fishes
Chicken Mcnuggets - The Frankenstein of the fast food world
Spyglass eeyup.
The advertisments scares me: Do you like Asian Women? These women desperately wants a boyfriend, WARNING: They will pursue you
O_________0
BronyDarth IKR
wut
Lol
Stalkers?
Glad I have adblock xD
Ok uh... wow...
BronyDarth: Well, do you like asian women?
SPyglass the onces advertise are too big.
No, Im an racist chap.
har-har
TheRandomkid321: Oh?
i luv a gud deel :)
I still cannot belive none of ya have heard abou IBrony.
Spyglass Yup.
Don't mention IBrony around me -_-
Spyglass I think so
Lol
[ALpha] Why not?
So, which Civilization game is this?
I quit my account there because
Cæsar III
StinkomanFan: This is Caesar 3
of certain reasons
Close enough
I thought it was age of empires...........
Are we talking about mips.tv ads?
Same here Spyglass
YOU THOUGHT WRONG CUPCAKE.
[Alpha] Tell me mate. We are all mates here are we not?
HAHAHA.
Jmo4267: :(
/me hugs Spyglass
Ah, Caesar 3. I thought it was one of the Civilization games.
Jmo4267: :)
I wonder why nobody can say Cæsar...
;D
Kandarihu: tHE civ GAMES are turn based
Only norgie here is me?
Spyglass, good point
BronyDarth: Because I don't have the keybaord, and I dont know the unicode combination
One I pretty much speculated that I would feel like an outcast and yeah they all knew each other so well. Also they constatly posted stuff that disturbs me greatly
The Game.
BRB gonna check EQD
æ looks like a kana :D
Oh shit! :O
So, who's streaming?
Caeser must die!
Wrek be in trouble here
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUN
[Alpha] Like what?
Wrek in trouble?
oh it's only my font
DO A BARREL ROLL! :p
It ranges from adult material to very violent photographs. And pictures that pretty kill the purity of MLP
YOUR PEOPLE ARE unhappy wrek
Well... looks like this is turning into new york :/
-much
What NY? The chat or the town?
[Alpha] mate youc na turn those options off now.
The town
*you can
Oh.
[Alpha]: that's why I only search ponies with google strict search on :p
Plus I dislike facebook and anything related to it
&
Bah, I meant ^
[Alpha] Fair enough.
Now if only I can figure out how to delete my PonySqaure account...
Did the rome assasins use clubs?!
[Alpha]: Change password to random phrase
Well... I still believe wrek > Julia Gillard
^ lol
Well you've seen it folms if I suddenly dissapear you know why...
:|
TheRandomkid321: can you tell me how to disappear?
TheRandomkid321: ......completely...
Is Wrek streaming right now?
Spyglass Insult your government?
Yes Kandarihu
Yeaaaaaasehheeedoes.
YAY I go camping today :)
Who's Julia Gillard?
TheRandomkid321: lol yeah
Kandarihu: She owns Hasbro
Kandarihu Prime Minister of Australia
Hope that goes well [Alpha] :$
[Alpha] I wish I could camp too, but its raining and storming.
TheRandomkid321, I see.
Did I just hear "enough"? That is not enough!
Wait a second....it's hot as satans house...o.0
Satan has a hice?
Wrek: i dont think you can get out of this my freind :(
They should Erect a statue of the man who killed hitler
Dafuq did I see... An advertisment for condoms........
:D
TheRandomkid321: They'd be erecting a statue of a cyanide pill.
>__>
TheRandomkid321, in ancient Rome? They'd be thinking "Who's Hitler"?
Pottasium cyanide
They'd be erecting a... I wont say anything
TheRandomkid321, Hitler killed himself...
TheRandomkid321: so they should erect a statue of hitler?
shana EXACTLY!
Yeah
DUDE
that joke is BRILLIANT
:S
StinkomanFan: Pretty sure he ordered one of his executives to do it
Mind if I STEAL IT
Go ahead I stole it
ERECT A STATUE OF THE SPY
This is going on facebook: The man who killed Hitler is just as bad as Hitler himself...
ewww facebook
Spyglass, is it weird if I put the flank of applejack on your name?
olol
Since I did that!
Uh oh. Goths
[Alpha]: dON'T worry, I only use it economically.
The original goths
:D
BronyDarth: No.
Brb, pizzah
>_>
Cant tell is Serenity is going to piss or finding pizza....
This makes me sad :( https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/8/2/RK6t7cyj1EGGQx9RnByB3w2.jpg
TheRandomkid321: Sad but true LOL
The asian country won...
Dafuq
BronyDarth Im an aussie
TheRandomkid321: OH, the austrailia thing.
I thought you meant the naughty Korea and nice korea thing
Therandomkid321
I know that.
But China won.
Nice Korea vs Naughty Korea? LOL
i feel for all you aussies :(
Austrailia?
HOW DO YOU SPELL IT LIKE THAT.
They have a bigger population
Yup
[Alpha] If you know what I mean...
05the city rioted for a minute
05but i got that dept payed xD
And we'll all be making Nike shoes for 2 cents an hour.
Aw, no metals for Poland?
Spyglass, not if we have anything to say about it.
And this cheered me up https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/6473465344
Kandarihu: You're darn right
For some reason I cant stop laughing?
If that happens I'm going to mexico the land of my ancestors
THE EMPEROR IS FURIOUS WREK
Did the emperor say, You're in hell?
TheRandomkid321: But, but, who was he replying to?
The emporer has no clothes.
MegaMoonSHy I dunno
You're in hell - The city is on fire. DAFUQ HAPPENED?!
emporer.
What vid was it??! I don't get it!!
Yup we brought it upon ourslves
Dat unemployment
People are upset with you.
a few messages later:
People are rioting
did they even have a hell?
the emperor is dead
https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/6470866176
Wrek's gon' die
Et tu Wrek?
omg is this
PHARAO?
Caeser 3.
Crap
close enough
TheRandomkid123, they didnt make ALL the equipment.
Lol,
I swear we need a little box that states the game/streamer at the current time.
They made the world.
TAX RELIGION
The chinese invented the internet
They did not
No they didn't
I think he was joking.
Yeah lol
English please.
I have hope he was..
SIEM!
Joking....
Nah man, I'm only predicting the future
Look at Wrek's deniers.
If I played this, I would suck at it.
I know! Let's raise taxes in the colonies!
Once the chinese control us, it'll be like 1984
They'll rewrite history
/me slaps Spyglass
Don't jinx it.
If I played this everyone would be in poverty from lack of me playing it
Jmo4267: :o
08,01hi all
China will only own 16 percent of us
If I play a game. I will lose then go play Terraria.
lolterraria
I've got LINSANITY
08,01remember yesterday i joking around about how my pneumonia was no big deal?
Yeah?
08,01well, that came back to bite me in the arse
Ouch.
08,01so i might be away for a few days
And if I lose in Terraria, I will go play Terraria, and YO DAWG, I HEARD YOU LIEK TERRARIA...
Well that sucks
^
08,01it's been getting worse, and i may need to go into hospital
D:
Initiate face to desk.
08,01last night, i was actually in a situation where it was quite difficult to breathe
^I hate that.
08,01but! i'm stubborn as a mule, and i managed to find an inhaler
:iknowhowitfeelstonotbreathe:
I can't breathe unless humidity is high
08,01anyhoos, i'm pretty much bedbound now, and im feeling rather weak. not sure how long it'll take me to recover, but i should be back in a few days, and at least i'll be about sparodically, unless i end up having to go to hospital
Well, you'll be alright, whether it takes a few days or weeks
Later dudes :)
shotPOOT DISPENSOR HERE
08,01BronyDarth: i think it may have been the air from the chillers at work that triggered it, actually
Oh. That may be different.
08,01BronyDarth: well, no; it's low humidity air
Much much better for breathing
That's always comforting^
08,01anyhoos, if there's a moral to this story it's this: don't take illness lightly, and go to the doctor as soon as you can when something is wrong
08,01which is something i'm not good at doing
00,02so skyrim is still broken
define 'broken'
Well I'm stubborn as crap so I won't do that
:( That's a pitty...
Skinram is always broken
Skinram.
WAT.
I'll never go to the docs
It may of costed me a much more stable wrist, but heh, I can live with it
using skin cells as storage medium? brilliant!
Times like this I love Australian medicare.
Phase4 what do you mean broken?
times like this i hate my computer
00,02[Alpha], instant crash when i try to load my save
That's crap
Tried verifying cache?
I had an experience of what I can only call an Omegle Troll fail win fail win win. Basically I posted the rick roll hotline and I said for the hot girl I was talkign to last night heres my number hoping people would ring it and get rickrolled nd anyway the two strangers start arguing about music and memes and one (female who likes JB and 1D who would have guessed) and the male who likes skrillex and the male said Theya re gay
Phase4: Does starting an old save or new game work?
Well, at least you don't have to live a life with el Shitbox
Phase4: could be corrupted
00,02Flyboy, checkign that now
Bashed people on the steam forums for solutions?
00,02AdamTheDuck, checking that next
You're a muffin?
Oh shit, one sec guys, losing vision
Wrek's gonna be hung from the gallows
00,02Serenity, that could be bad
There we go
Sorted
/me crazypony
oops
skrillex is dead to me
listening to the yogscast sing about milkmen :D
00,02crazypony1 gona crazypony
Don't bring that topic to life ;-;
http://cheezpictureisunrelated.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/wtf-photos-videos-no-cat-for-you.jpg
M.I.L.K
Malk.
...?
Malt
Salt
I DRINK BULL MILK!
MALK, WITH VITAMIN R
CAKE
PIe
spoon
Fork
Bannana!
Cucumber
SPROK
Phase4: so is it working then?
Pony
*SPORK!
SARSAPARILLA
tomato
fuuuuu I'm going camping so I'll miss movie night
I fear the kick script is staring at my soul.
LETTUCE!
00,02Flyboy, seems like
Jmo4267 Oh crap they have one of those!? Quick under this rock!
Phase4: you tried the save again? or just started a new one?
00,02has anyone else noticed that the mountian range in skyrim seems to be the same mountain copy-paste-scaled
Yep...
00,02Flyboy, it just worked this time
Yep
A rock can't save us.
Phase4 :o
Phase4: i see
:D
Phase4 Yes but they tried
Oh noes!
DUN DUN DUUUUN
00,02and then it crashed when i tried to alt+tab
Wreks last stand.
LEGION RUSH!
critica
If you start edumacatin' some peasants you'll be doing better
ZERG RUSH!
^nop
ROMECARAFT II
Caraft.
00,02what is he doing
Phase4: Being Wrek...
distractions!
Phase4: making buildings to distract them i think!
00,02if he wins
00,02Flyboy, its working
Wrek's pretty much saying fuck it and screwing over Ceaser as well
00,02mostly
Ceaser.
00,0215 fruit
00,02because what he realy needs is food
throw the fruit at them!
THROW THE CHEEEEESE!
"Here's some apples. Have fun."
lolasdfmovie
00,02whats blue doing
05oh how fun
RAGEQUIT
00,02ragequit
Wrek needs a hug.
lol
Wrek: delicious
05"your loyality shall not be forgotten" *stab*
So, while I was gone, what Wrek spent an hour building, got molested and deestroed in 30 seconds
Wrek: zerg tactics :D
00,02spitfire is best browser
05nah but the second his army came i buiuld as many grand palaces i could xD
Spitfire carressing the Earth on that Firefox logo
05goan take a quick break
05then try again
"Hey space bronies, guess who's here~"
ima play soem TF2
itunes ftw
I was gonna ditch muffins at Spyglass but it seems he has run off.
00,02i like how the most stable bethesda game i have is morrowind
Wrek: Have you ever played Darkstone?
05nah
05itunes sucks asss
So... Giant Spitfire. Gusta or no gusta?
00,02
05and no i havent
It's a classic game from 2000 I think it was. The PS1 version was terribad, but the PC version was almost on par with D2
00,02WHY IS EVERY GAME CRASHING
Cause it's crashing day.
Phase4: Your computer hates you
Wrek:have you got windows 7 or something? coz ivenever seen a computer with that thing at the top of the desktop
time to upgrade?
Here, let me take care of it, and I'll let you keep El shitbox for a while :3
SUPER MEAT BOY PHASE4
00,02i'ma play riven
00,02that works
05Flyboy: its custom
Wrek: i see
Phase4, tried restarting your computer?
HIYA everypony
When my laptop gets fixed, I hope to get a ton of crap on it
Spitfire's just giving those guys in the spacestation a come hither look
There's a few Win7 addons that I had on El shitbox when it had windows 7 that I wanna copy over
00,02Kandarihu, not gona do that
I VANT KERBALS!
I don't think Wrek has KSB
Got something important running?
KSP even
Dat mIRC
SPACE QUEST IV
...aw...
is KSP free?
Engineer?
Flyboy, not really. There's a demo of it, though.
oooh!
this game looks like tropico :D
But you can only make rockets with a few bits though
I missed the whole everything Wrek made got destroyed in 30 seconds.
europa! europa! find better days before us! our saviour! fight evil! send armies to defend us!
Kandarihu: Wrek as a maid? huh
Wrek's OC as a maid would just look wierd
Serenity, ALL THE CROSSDRESSING
:S
:s
http://cheezburger.com/6461605376
/me leaves
Look how John Lennon looks like he's just been arrested
Soooo... how're you guys doing?
im bored
but the game looks quite interessting :3
http://cheezburger.com/6475342336
^ so much want
Phase4: http://cheezburger.com/6473156608
sonohara.donmai.us/data/9f549d0ea25ba4969a3b361afce4197d.jpg <- When you see it...
i cant...
403 Forbidden... :S
ejup
http://cheezburger.com/6472301312
https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/6060334848 lucky son of a bitch
Game on stream looks like Pharaoh
Ohai Bronysith
Hey
http://sonohara.donmai.us/data/9f549d0ea25ba4969a3b361afce4197d.jpg <- Does this work?
nope
Kandarihu: Nope
STOP SPAMMING LINKS DAMN YOU
brb everypony, gotta go deliver some mail
Bye Derpysith
http://danbooru.donmai.us/post/show/1196545/ This should work.
bye
Kandarihu: nope
interessting oO
Kandarihu: lolwut
GLADIATORS
ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?!
nop
This a Sierra game?
huh???
Correct.
did miss something???
Yeah, same as Pharaoh
i got the feeling that i have to play tropico right now xD
Bronysith, maybe you have a porn blocker on your connection. This site has been flagged as a porn site (although there's plenty of decent imagery for a porn non-addict like me to enjoy).
08,01i should stream some The Incredible Machine at some point
^
I played the demo of that :D
oh wait that was the crazy machine
Whoa
nope... the game looks like stronghold oO
Stereogram
just 10 more hours...
and than it s just 1 am in germany -.-
guys onlhy 1 week
whats than???
ponys
3rd season???
Really? S3 in one week?
yesh
:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY :3
To think you'd believe him.
Trollllled.
-.-
/me is best troll
I had a feeling that was the case.
i was bored
JRP2234[JRP], it's been confirmed that S3 is not coming out in August.
ooh ;(
you made me sad -.-
*appears out of mid air*\
Oh teentro, you need a hug...
skype party for all
Did any one miss me?
/me hugs teentro .
nop
yay :3
>__>
;D
much better ^^
:me punches Jmo4267
Wasn't legit, doesn't count.
gg
xD
:|
D:
skype
:|:|:|
for all
i got skype :P
did someone say skype party?
21/9/2012
yes
me
but they dont got pony smilies :P
MEMEMEMEMEMEM
I finnally come back after months
:D
And no one even know me
And this is all you get. I know, so horrible isn't it.
/me hugs Thorn
i do
lali-ho Thorn , I think I rmeember you
aren't you one of the regulars?
Yep..
/me doesn't know Thorn but gives hug anyway. :P
skype
add me
me
cake
ääähm...
nope
plz
yayaya, You Tarzan, she jane
Phase is a regular too.
lol that greek had a very funny english accent didnt he
and again... nope i wont add you :P
DENIED.
But I'm a regular too... :(
isnt it a game about rome???
^Correct
so y is there a greek??? oO
ok we might not have a bronystate team speek
Shock horror.
SORRY STINK I FORGOT D: *hugs StinkomanFan *
ancient city of Grome
:O
or is it reek??? :P
Dken2012, THIS ISN'T ROME, THIS IS MY ORIGINAL COUNTRY: BROME
MakerDusk
Where the ponys lived.
ponys
ponys :D
Well, since Wrek is building this, I think a more proper name of this should be Wrome.
PONIES
where they drink and be merry?
And the bronians lived.
You people make me cry.
Our ancestors.
now you get a hug of me :P
Muffins.
*HUGÜ
Wrek, sorry. That was stupid of me.
Ü=*
They worshipped the Moon God Celestia and the Night God Luna
Also the love god Cadance
Oh yeah, muffins were invented by a baker in Brome
what about the other gods?
FUCK THE OTHER GODS
Just though it would be interesting.
So was mail.
And bubbles.
okey... it gettin kindda weired here :3
asdfghjkl;'
And they took great pride in their love and tolerance, but it was all hubris.
teentro it tends to sometimes
y u make me sad4
00,02even riven is crashing now
sad*
00,02nothing likes my pc
Phase4: Nuuuuuuuu, not Riven!
Phase4: what kind of crash?
Phase4, why don't you want to restart?
00,02Kandarihu, because it happens anyway
But then everything changed when the Fire Nation attacked
And the mail was transported by Derpy's ancestor, Derpilan
but think of the uptime Kandarihu!
00,02^
y u make me sad
00,02uptime is of greatest importants
we need more music in here :3
Sounds like you're having a fun night Phase4
Thorn, and Dinkian? Her daughter?
And the bronians and ponys lived together in harmony, until the haters came and sepperated.
this morning was a great band playing :D
Oh yeah, forgot about that.\
Phase4: how randomly does it crash? might be ram..
00,02shana, rams fine
DINKIAN THE GREAT... what's Dinky remembered for again?
When dinkian grew up, she became a baker.
Uptime is just a number. You're pretty much rendering your computer useless for the sake of a pretty number.
that... much... english...
00,02shana, i've got 16GB and i start things with random ammounts of other stuff running
need... german... stuff :S
And made the best muffins in Brome, bringing new flavours such as Chocolate Chip
00,02Kandarihu, its only windows that has the 'you need to restart' problem
And blueberry
blueberry??? oO
sounds delicous :D
I never knew bronies could be nerds...until I came to Bronystate.
WindWhistler: Welcome to the internet, I will be your guide.
Actually that isn't true. I was just trying to be funny.
nerds rule the earth anyway
Seriously WindWhistler? A brony is one of the famous nerd cliques
So you're certain that nothing of use can come from restarting?
AdamTheDuck: You better not try to tell me there aren't any girls on the internet. Or I'll cut you.
And every day, Dinkian always backed a basket of Muffins for Derpian
:S
StinkomanFan: I just said I wasn't serious.
And Dinkian's cutie mark?
You guessed it, a muffin.
well... i need something german... so ill play mc...
Ugh, that movie was awful Phase4
on a german server :O
00,02WindWhistler, what movie?
Oh wait, that's Robot Hallocaust
and Lyracles, a philosipher of bipedial sentiants
just looked up nerd in the oxford dictionary "a foolish or contemptible person who lacks social skills or is boringly studious" -- so negative :(
Phase4, I saw that. Glad Randal is bringing attention to EMPs, but even HE is presenting it in a positive light.
seeeeee ya tonight...
or maybe sooner :P
seeya then teen... bah
Anyway, the Bronians and Ponys lived together in harmony, the Bronians providing buildings and tools, and the ponys provinding food and resorces and magic
What are Lyra's and Bon-Bon's ancestor's called?
*were
StinkomanFan: Humans
:3
:o
HUMANS? IN EQUESTRIA?
This is brome windwhistler.
The bronians are humans and were on earth.
Oh. Of course.
Silly me.
Facehoof.
The ponys are yet to move to equestria.
:(
inb4 fanfiction is made out of this.
WHAT'S WRONG JRP2234[JRP]
y u make me sad
Howdy, everypony.
I DIDN'T MAKE YOU SAD
Thorn's just making a backstory for Wrek's kingdom.
YOU MADE YOURSELF SAD
^__^
Hello makoton
STOP BEING SO SAD
people reject my skype
JRP2234[JRP]: Don't use Skype with people you don't know.
Is that Caesar 3 I'm seeing?
I was right. You ARE making yourself sad
lies
Anyway, the Romans, who built a city next to Rome, just couldnt understan the Bronians and there bonds with ponys.
TRUTHS
Shouldn't it be Bronans?
wheres my rope
Or Bromans?
Because they didn't understand, they hated it.
Oh, who's this BerryPunch mod?
So they started taking the ponys and using them as mules for there carts and chariots.
I think BerryPunch is a bot.
Oh, man Impressions Games knew how to make citybuilders back in the day
oh
Well, I just finished my new OC
makoton: what games did they make?
Anyways, I'm just about to watch Manos: Hands of Fate on MST3K
Anyone wanna join me?
The bronians, not used to fighting, couldn't do anything to stop it.
/me grabs rope
/me gives JRP2234[JRP] a rope snake
A very soft bot with a taste for liquor
Vivix: Pharaoh and its expansion Cleopatra, this game, Emperor: Rise of the Middle Kingdon
WindWhistler: Get off my rope snake D:
/me ties rope
WindWhistler, where?
kingdom*
and several others
Serenity: Can we take a peek? :P
/me jumps
Hn..I think I played Emperor
Kandarihu: club-mst3k
Not right now, Imgur is down
Celestia, however, was not pleased with the treatment of their people
Right after I asked, I realized I have other things to do.
Kandarihu: Pffft.
Emperor looks really cool-
It does, don't it?
/me adopts rope snake
Thought that said small caca
So, with the combined powers of Luna, Celestia and Candeza, they made a new land named Equestria.
Why is there women coughing in the background
MadSurge: Because they're sick of this movie
Mmmmmm BerryPunch you're so soft and bubbly~
WindWhistler: :D
BUILD ALL THE THINGS!
so what're the trilogy or movies today?
Oh, man, this is a nostalgia trip.
oh wait it's friday, newsletter
With the remaning power, they summoned every pony to the center of bronian, and afterwards, the ponys were transported to Equestira, the bronians never to hear from them again.
Man. De Blob was such an awesome game, it inspired me to make a comic of it.
Vivix: I remember there's the Scott Pilgrim movie
Until now.
it said despicable me and.. one more
hm
/me TIES rope to roof
Twelve tasks of asterix
/me kills JRP2234[JRP]
The end.
Thorn, they became slaves to the Equestrians didn't they?
No.
They stayed on earth.
While the ponys went to equestria.
Equestrians in Equestria treating equines equally
Okay, back to work!
*facehoof*
good morning everypony
Mornin' TheKoreanBrony1354
Mornin'!
Only one pony stayed. Derpian.
pnkie and derpy made cupcakes and muffins for all of us
my luck jsut ran out
i might pull the plug
She continued to carry mail from Equesria to Bronian
And vise versa
AND THE STORY OF DERPIAN IS A LONG AND LUXORIOUS ONE
So we'll just hold on that one
So derpy became the messenger between the worlds.
And she still is.
With the help of the doctor, of corse.
The end
Now wasnt that an epic story?
So if we find the fictional ruins of Brome we'll find Derpy?
Yes.
TO THE FICTIONAL DIGSITES!
YEAH!
Squeek :(
And theres a cult called the bronians.
They dont fight.
And there isnt ruins..the citys still there.
...Without Ponies?
It has derpy.
I cant belive the first day i come home, my mm gets angry at a friend, i try to use some fluttershy kindness to make reasn nethier are doing wrong, and she accusses me of calling her a evil bitch ;(
:'(
*starts up the buggy*
So many people need hugs today.
TO BROME!
/me hugs mishia
TO THE FICTIONAL CITY OF BROME
/me hugs AdamTheDuck thanks :)
*drives to brome using a montage*
i defintly needed that :
Nothin' like sending cybernetic hugs over the internet.
*sees brome*
*stops the buggie*
WERE HERE EVERYPONY
Huh, there are ponys here.
Im still waiting for her to come back up and ethier A. yell at me more B. call me a brat or C. aplogoize for telling me she hates me and that i should just leave. Dont feel sad, my mom is easily agravated; and im really senstive to family members only
Uh Thorn, we don't do RPs
I was just playing with ya
StinkomanFan: dont we have RP' chats now? seprate ones?
Give your mother a hug mishia. :P
I 'unno
AdamTheDuck: Im not going downstairs untill she comes up to apologize. tust me
Lighten up stink.
Ponys.
And bronian
In harmony.
And being with them.
HARMONY OH LOOVE
Infact..
yay she came up and...forgot what she said. Best use Fluttershy ideas again, pretend it dint happen :|
*gets the time machine*
Lets be bronians.
Agreed
howdy everypony :)
*gets the clothes*
Hello BronyInstrumental
Hello everyone
But I like technology :s
Hello Thrackerzod
This time machine makes us think we're part of that era.
hello Thrackerzod
It's cold and heartless but atleast it's something
Hey Thrackerzod
So dont worry stink, you wont know about it.
Now get changed into the clothes.
Thrackerzod, you missed my misery. :'( you would have enjoyed it so much :3
...ok :c
*gets changed*
<3 i live in arizona now
mishia *hugs* sorry to hear that
Thrackerzod *pounces*
RWARGH!
Thorn: can bronians and ponys be in relationships?
..yes.
crazypony: dont even get me started
Wait... what?
misha ~yay~
crazypony: i. hate. bronys/humans in equestria.
:c
*flips the make us think we're part of that time switch*
I mean, if its good shure, but most are pretty bad.
wat.
*types in bronian era*
mishia well if you want to speak horse and date something thats 4 feet tall
*slams on button* TIME TRAVEL
*everyone gets time traveled*
Thrackerzod: the ponies would be fun to date, but its just not right...at all
maybe in thier world
but not here
We're in the time vortex.
And we'll think we're part of that time.
I'm too scared to ask what you've been smoking Thorn.
I dont smoke.
Thorn: .....the doctor needs to teach you how a vortex works
Jmo4267: your mothers pubic hair
LOL
Old Flyboy, old.
Jmo4267, It's my fault for making a joke about Brome
D:
Jmo4267: i know... :(
*we arrive*
How long have I listened to Thorn's story now?
"is my face really getting old?"
misha i rathar not go in there world unless i was poni, even if i was poni i'd do nothing but serve luna, and more than likely "acidently" relece discord (spelling i know, its early*
Dat spelling.
No.
No in
accidentally*
Its not.
AdamTheDuck, half an hour
c:
Dat its fucking 6 in the morning
Anyway, we're still new in the city.
*Mid-day*
Where is killerpony when you want him to buzzkill a moment.
*looks at the ponys trotting by*
Thorn: what you doing
(All of our names are romanized, so it ends with a ian on the end.)
Why StinkoBronian.
I DIDN'T MEAN IT
It was just a joke about Brome!
So now what?
DOESN'T SEEM LIKE A JOKE TO ME.
WILL YOU ALL SHUT YOUR MOUTHS.
NO.
We still need to get to work
Thornian: you roleplaying?
It was just a story! I didn't know he'd turn it into an RP!
ART WE NOW TALKETH IN THE ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE?
We're still in brome.
(What jobs do you want to have?)
Thornian, I think you should spread this off to it's own chat
i coulda sword RPing was against the rules of this channel.....
can i be a guardian?
sworn*
Excessive RPing is.
oh is it...
welp im out
arrivederci!
Win?
Aw man. Thorn was kicked.
luck
Damn, I was starting to like his vivid imagination :D
He was a good guy, just... not a good listener
tried to warn him
Who do we have to thank to be our saviour?
hai
So I may buy you dinner or lunch?
Hello CCCP
Hey CCCP
/me huggies AdamTheDuck and Barbetos|Quakecon
05oh well
/me pokes CCCP
05that was probably boring
I am so tired.
Wrek: it was luck
technically i guess it was me that said it was against the rules.....
Wrek is bestest pony
But I must NOT fall asleep
Wrek: complete luck
and hi CCCP
/me huggies Jmo4267 and BronyInstrumental :)
05never beaten that map before so
Congrats
GG
:D
Time to blow up some rockets?
^
05gona do some work myself
05havent been pumped that anyone is on queue so
So what's this?
I'm guessing a 3D design application of such.
NINJA FREEMAN DOESN'T GIVE A﻿/CRAP/ ABOUT YOUR LOGIC, HE CAN FLY.
^wat
lolwut
top comment on an hl1 speedrun
._.
wat.
I geddit.
wat
/me ditches muffins at XAX
Oh. Speed run. Now I want to watch taht.
/me rolls around
I'm back........i've heard the news
And what news is that?
2012 is going to be the end of us?
No
Thats 2014 silly
I will say when you all end.
hi everyone
Wrek working on the new Batman game?
Wrek: what is this?
Hello Lil_B
kirsztryfe hung up his/her mod horseshoes
Hey Lil_B
Oh that news
Huh
thanks AdamTheDuck and Jmo4267 :)
Hai Lil_B!!!! *huggies*
that news about kirz is on the Frontpage since yesterday
/me huggles CCCP back
I'm gonna miss being kicked by him/her and being told ''stop using /me to get attention'' :'(
making a sword?
Dark92Enigma stop using /me to get attention.
Is that better?
I've been busy yesterday, so i couldn't find out sooner
But we have BerryPunch now.
Hey everypony
And she doesn't repond badly to my akward advances
Is this Maya? :S
Hello again Serenity
AKWARD.
Hai Serenity!!!! :D
Barbetos|Quakecon: sort of.....but i wanted to tell her/him i'm sorry for all the times i did that
bicycle pony?
<3 BerryPunch...
Kriz will still be around.
i also read that
Soo fucking tiiiirredd
I can't go to sleep
Must... Stay up for whole con
suddenly cinema 4D
hi Serenity
Barbetos|Quakecon what con?
Quakecon =D
is wrek still streaming?
mmmBerryPunch... soft and ughnaksdhfjf...
A convention in Texas, about the game Quake. Id and a bunch of other companies sponser it. Been doing it since 1999 I think?
Indeed shana
Quake... a Game I might had play if Inhad Internet back then :(
Lil_B, Quake inspired Tf2
didn't know wrek is into 3d modelling
I know
Steam has a good sale going on this week for Bethesda and Id games btw
shana, he isn't. It's his job
I think today they are doing the TES package
WITH Skyrim
Wrek is Streaming his Job?
Nice job if you ask me
didn't know that
I suck at 3d navigation :/
/me hugs Shana
/me hugs Jmo4267 back
for zee music https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-Bpta10w-jXU/UBvXc2SeW3I/AAAAAAAAJfM/h1bw-7BmwLE/s497/moveyourbodybatfamily.gif
If you keep trying shana you'd be able to do it one day.
I did play a bit with pony models in blender ^_^
There is no try, only do. Or do not.
C:
Or whatever yoda says
Oh, he's making a knife
/me huggies StinkomanFan
O HAI :)
Screw Yoda. >_>
^
/me huggies ACS13123
Prequal yoda
This is REALITY!
So Wrek, ever think of contributing items to Team Fortress 2?
prequel*
Thanks for the hug CCCP
Very hugy today CCCP? Having a good day?
maybe...
MAYBE.
I'll take that as a Si
Well I'm beat, Night everyone. :)
Night AdamTheDuck
He ninja'd off
OH OH OH OH GUYS! I walked past this random guy wearing the "Brony" shirt, the one with RD on it. I did not say anything, and put my fist out for a bro hoof. I want to say that was my first RL bro hoof
It was exciting.
Sweet stuff Barbetos|Quakecon
So, have I missed anything important in the last 2 weeks?
:S
Movies
All the movies
Barbetos|Quakecon, do me a favor and grab me a slip for a TF2 item bundle. You don't have to I just think it'd be nice of you to do.
...I missed ALL the movies?
ALL DEM MOVIES.
DEM MOVIES
I MISSED DEM
NUUUUUU
ALL OF DEM.
This week you missed Robocop and <redacted>
NAWWWWWWWWWWWW.
/me hugs ACS13123
NAW WAY
I MISSED SO MUCH
4 MOVIES
IM DOOMED
What was last weeks trilogies?
and im spamming slightly...
gonna stop that now
I forget.. Was it Die Hard and the origanl star wars?
We had all 6 star wars played.
He just wanted to get auto kicked
ACS13123: did you miss luna's and wrek's birthday? becuase that was awesome
6 star wars?
There are only 3.
shana: most likely
I thought they played all 6?
Barbetos|Quakecon: thank you
Welp
Listen to Barbetos|Quakecon
ONLY
THREE
ONLY
ACS13123: aww.. well all cake is gone now :(
THREE?
Still, you missed three of them.
Anything else and its just mad ravings of a lunatic
THREE
a MAD MAN
shana: don't worry, I don't care about the cake :P
It's amusing at times tbh.
Im a portal player.. the cake was a lie wasn't it?
What is?
YOUR MADNESS.
Madness?
Impossible.
Barbetos|Quakecon, yup. Last week was Die Hard and Star Wars Despecialized
This is Sparta
THis is BRONY STATE!
There is no madness
/me boots chat into pony plushie pile
...k then
Brace yourself
RAWR
So scary...
/me rolls around witha lyra plushie "heheheheheheheheheh"
inb4 spam kick
/me slaps ACS13123
Barbetos|Quakecon so yeah, if you could grab me a pass for TF2 item set that would be greatly apprecieated
Damn you Barbetos|Quakecon
Lyra is best pony. I know.
The new Youtube thing with the huge videos look kinda nice
I like it
inb4 that Lyra plushie is THE Lyra Plushie
Lyra is great, that is true.
StinkomanFan NO!
That thing does not exsist!
Its a myth!
LOL
Barbetos|Quakecon: YOU LIE!
YOU LIEEEEEEE
The TF2 pass or the Lyra plush?
now imma play some minecraft...
what does not exist?
As you can see
THE Lyra Plushie. The specail one.
So specail
;D
No
We do not speak of it here
in what ways special..?
SPESHUL
Its....
Special
StinkomanFan just did the summary of it.
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4ydiwvBww1rtmqj2o1_500.png This evil thing
SPESHUL.
Want to know why?
You can use it hold beercans!
GO SEARCH IT
Wait
don't actually
Barbetos|Quakecon: For all we know you have several of them in your cupboard or such.
What are you guys talking about?
Such slander. I will not stand for this. Lyra was favorite before that thing was ever around.
;D
/me hugs Barbetos|Quakecon
There there.
God, Captain N got REALLY stupid in the Third season
Green mega man killed that show for me
Mother brain was okay though
05that should do
That knife looks... overlycomplicated
I don't get the Purpose of the thing on the upper left side of the Knife
The little holes I understand but... yeah
/me is playing OoT 3D master quest
Wish me luck :3
Serenity may the water temple be with ou
Again, Wrek should make some tf2 items
YESH, beaten Satan again :D
ey, 6 Bonus song for the Humble usic Bundle :3
MadSurge hi :) which Satan?
I'd guess the one from binding of isac
Lil_B: Binding of Isaac Satan :D
oh XD I have that, But I suck so hard at this game
Lil_B: EVERYONE sucks realy hard at the beginning. Die, unlock more stuff and get better :)
Don't use the Bible on Satan
Ever
what's going on
I hit L Shift over the Quote and then Dollar, when you know the name of the Nerdcore Wallhalla
Kills you instantly
what's he making now
Awesomeness, a knife
Goddammit skulltulas!
oh shit
that's a nice knife
xD
Oh right
This, is a knoif, I'mma cut 'dat caek with dis knife - snoipeh
so there's this girl i like
but
I know she liked me
but i don't think she likes me anymore
because i'm a brony
:\
What's Wrek using to model? Is it Maya?
Give her a knife Awesomeness
why do you think she doesn't like you anymore?
^ That, except I reckon you should threaten her with a rocket launcher
well cause she doesn't talk to me anymore and stuff
StinkomanFan are Bronies already known where you live?
um...yah
No Lil_B
StinkomanFan not you, I ment Awesomeness >.<
wait. wat wrong person
Harsh tbh.
I live in Wisconsin
oh yah. they are
THE CHEESE STATE
StinkomanFan sry XD
what song is this?
Oh god, those freaking spider eggs are really annoying!
shoot, it ended...
They hit for 1 heart each, and I only have 3 :c
Lil_B yah they are
Too bad I'm from Australia. lelel
Good thing I'm a Briton
@Lil_B yerp
how do you whisper again
Awesomeness ok :/
Jmo4257... The Hell on Earth that is Australia?
oh just type the name kk
4257.
/me flips table
GET IT RIGHT OR FACE TEH MUFFIN.
/me holds gun to Jmo4267
The Australia where you kill 3 of the world's deadliest spiders on the way to the bathroom Australia?
You say something?
Oh right...um...it's more like....I haven't met her in a year, but through out that year, we've kept contact
Hush Serenity, that isn't involving you.
Good, because you almost hit me with that table
Want a tissue?
No.
A muffin?
No.
A cake?
Awesomeness so how do you think she knows that you are a brony?
Yes.
Welll......
/me hands Serenity cake.
/me eats cake
Now that's settled.
i told my friend on skype that i was a brony and he was like "NOOOOOOOOOO...YOU GUYS ARE CANCER I HAVE 5 FRIENDS THAT ARE BRONIES"
The Australia where the trees explode like in Earthbound Australia, Jmo4267?
My school is full of fucktard bronies.
and then some poll question on facebook (since my friends are fucked up and weird like me)
said that i should become a pink unicorn
Correct StinkomanFan
and then ben said "everyone select that answer because he's a brony"
so that's why
StinkomanFan which Trees Explode in Earthbound?
Awesomeness I love haters <3
The Australia where Platypi could kill you for looking at it the wrong way Australia?
Yep.
And where a possum attack can happen at anytime.
'dem possums
Lil_B the trees on the way to the Happy-Happyist cult is
StinkomanFan: Please don't remind me, they were SUCH a pain when I was level 20
More annoying than the fuel pumps in moonside
I lol'd
Awesomeness yeah... I guess there would be less Brony-Haters if some Bronies wouldn't be so amazingly annoying about ti XD, If she doesn't want to talk to you, than I would suggest you talk to her
The Australia where everyone has biceps and moustaches Australia?
BLOODY OATH.
StinkomanFan: No, that's just Meanwhile's Australia
The australia with the Australium Australia?
Exactly.
Lil_B well she usually leaves before i can, and it's either she doesn't like me, or she's too busy
nice knife
Looking good
Alright, just making sure
How sharp, is it as sharp as my Quantum slicer?
Awesomeness tell yourself that she's budy, I had that happen to me a lot that I thought people didn't liked me anymore, but it turned out they just were eather busy or in a bad mood.
don't think I could do that
Eather.
Lil_B kk xD
OH FUCK
OPERATION ICKY CAME OUT TODAY
Mind the caps
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HKMygGZjHgU
Mind Serenity as well.
http://cheezpictureisunrelated.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/wtf-photos-videos-i-learned-so-much-about-those-fascist-pigs.jpg
LOL
StinkomanFan: Dafuq?
No youtube links during stream
:O is Awesomeness a new person?
no I was here before
MadSurge: How'd you guess.
Awesomeness, no video links during stream
huh..why
StinkomanFan: Bit late there, friend
You're abit late Serenity. ;-;
Jmo4267: don't diss me, I'm not paying attention to the chat! :|
I wasn't dissing you MadSurge.
Awesomeness: because welcome :)
I hope you aren't dissing me bro *smacks person, I forget his name*
Serenity, Don't you remember classics like BERT AND ERNIE COMMIT A GANGLAND MURDER or BIG BIRD'S PYRAMID SCHEME?
Jmo4267: oh .__.
where is your OC Wrek?
Tawm and jereh
Then next up, looney toons then Muppets
Dude I heard you liked knifes so I put a knife inside your knife
I'm now participating in the Remix War V ... and I have no idea what to do XD
Good morning, everypony! :)
Hardsyle
Morning RaveBrony
Don't ask me for help. I'm not a good remixer :3
hi RaveBrony :)
Hey, RaveBrony
howdy, RaveBrony
/me waves to Jmo4267, Lil_B, Serenity, and Sylandest :$
hi RaveBrony
/me glomps at RaveBrony and both fall down a huge cliff
Aaahhh
Holy Damn! .... "More than Mario" features a Ballad of the windfish Remix! :O
Hey everypony. What's going on?
*splat* Oh hey, CCCP :)
/me cues falling whistle noise for RaveBrony and Serenity
/me splashes in water
Hahaha :D
Lil_B: that was my first zelda <3
Hi RaveBrony :)
Hey StinkomanFan :$
shana mine too, thuis gane defines my Childhood <3
/me hookshots to the shore
You're all muffins
Watch the rp :D
Wrek you should put a triforce on it :P
what program is he using?
pony_3071: cinema 4d
RaveBrony: Sorry, accidental :)
Sign it with "T.S."
Music tells me its Wrek, but what program is this? :o
RaveBrony: cinema 4d :)
/me pokes shana
cool, first time I stop by, was expecting an RD episode, got a dude making a knife, I guess this is so awesome
Write on it: Property of Serenity
Serenity: Lol, yeah :D
I like his taste in music even if I don't understand what's being said
shana: Oooo :o
Always wondered where my old knife went when I got the quantum slicer
/me is now 20% cooler , put my Cap on Sideways
is the host German?
Jmo4267: what was that for :(
I gotta ask
WHAT PROGRAM IS HE USING?
;D
No, he's Swedish
I wonder if Wrek also going to texture it
ah I see, tell him to play some Therion then, Lol
Only joking shana. Lots of hugs.
is this autocad?
/me explodes
it's ms paint Awesomeness
We're watching Wrek do his job
Morning Bronystate
LOL.
oh
My night has been made.
/me picks up shana's pieces and glues them back together.
Heyup, Jim
Jim HEY
Ms Paint is may favourite tool for Pixel art :)
At this time there are thousands of people making thousands of different knives for one video game
Though it's actually 3:43PM here
10:43PM, get with teh times.
StinkomanFan: What games? Other than CoD
Serenity, ask Wrek. It's HIS job
eew call of duty
^
I hope he plays some Sabathon music soon
Oh, hiya Jim :)
hai hai RaveBrony
Wrek: may I ask what you're going to use that model for?
Printing it on a Modella and shanking all the haters
^
Read my mind.
LOL his background is rarity
LOLNO it's Twilight.
no it's not
Actually, it's Twilight
>.<
IT'S PIKACHU
^
then twas too quick
:S
ooooooh... shiny
My background is epic
My background is Derpy hooves in a cliud with a berret .50 cal
I rarely see my background, so I never bothered getting one :(
cloud
My Background is my OC basically
dat berret.
seing the background is a waste of screen space, which is pretty limited here
And the whole army he hangs out with
*seeing
:)
I stop and admire mine every now and then
3 monitors, 3 backgrounds, I enjoy staring at them sometimes.
Did someone heard the news about the Fighting is Magic leak?
YEAH -_-
No, and to be quite honest, I'm not to bothered :)
Rammstein
shh Lil_B
yay, he's playing Rammstein
I'll find out when it's legit
brb chat's derped
wait....what's the leak
0,5Ohai
Jmo4267 (I just wanted to talk about ti, I don't have it nether want I to support the downloading of it)#
ohai BaconMane !
BACONMANE!
hi BaconMane
/me cling
Hey BaconMane
05since they patched i cant find shit >.>
only 48 more hours. it does not seem so bad.
someone ripped it and now it's going around the place
05they re-arranged the whole UI xD
Hi Baconmane
hey baconmane
BaconMane*
play some Therion music Wrek, they are Swedish
0,5dark92 you dont have to spell my name exactly correct
05like that convinces me
I smell Bacon
That's right, spawnkill him
0,5bAcOnMaNe will ping me too
0,5or LC
LC
bAcOnMaNe
BaconMane
good enough?
0,5Yes?
Yeah, but I tab it just like BaconMane
Was just testing. :3
ping spam
Bannable offence that :3
I has muffins.
sometimes EQD posts pictures that are a bit too suggestive -.-
Lil_B: What have they done now?
I want to play Fighting is Magic but due to my morals I will wait untill it is finished
let's try all 512 different versions of capitalizing BaconMane to see if they all cause a highlight!
BaconMane, can you do me a favor and tell me who BerryPunch is? And how she got her mane so soft?
0,5Ummmmm, I dont know?
Prettysure BerryPunch is a bot?
0,5How am I supposed to know
Isn't Berry Punch the new name of the kickbot?
You're a bot Serenity.
Shsuh
;D
what's the leak
0,5What are you talking about awesomeness, youre being very random and vague
of fighting is magic
there was a leak or something
05ill do this later
0,5It's not to be linked here, that's what it is :I
^
Sup everypony :)
Hey MegaMoonShine
howdy MegaMoonShine
BerryPunch can't be a bot! She's too beautiful to be a bot!
hey megamoonshine
Get over it StinkomanFan.
long name
Just got back from the gym
oh...it is twilight
:S
Man, my arms are killing me
:)
nuuu...buffer
noooooooo
xD
:O
and i was playing the song so loud too...
6_9
What happen to stream?
It's over
it died
I blame Serenity.
Don't you guys listen to the chat?
/me takes his fedora off in tribute to the now dead stream
:(:'(:$:O:[:S<3:|:P:D;)6_9
spam
Lol
Please refraim from emotion spam
no smile spamming
Awesomeness: Emote spam is frowned upon here :|
sorry i just like the faces
refraim
XD
Yay Star Trek!
Then use them in the appropriete times
is Q in this peisode?
Yes! DJO
This is a parody
hai MegaMoonShine
:P
/me hugs Serenity
There there.
so what are we gonna watch next
but I thought you wanted whining? ;)
Hey squeeze my shoulder
Hasn't got anything to do with smilies.
shana: I mispelled a few things, and someone pointed it out
So I had to mention that :3
'someone' ;D
I have no idea whats going on, so...im just gonna lol like usual
DOCTOR SUESS
lol?
dafuq is going on
BAMAN
Everything
A bad lip-reader watches TV?
this is just gonna go everywhere, isnt it? :D
*seuss
= D
XD
That is what she said
Spit my ass fancy pants
XD
0,5wat
..?
RAMMSTIEN
Dress like Elvis. Put on some Ramstein
Serenity: I haven't noticed any mispelling..
/me does not compute
O.o
SYPHILIS
Are you ready for syphilis!
huh
Serenity: except misspelling misspelling :D
Pudding tree!
Go fuck balony and root beer
...?
Lmao the italian title of Griffon the Brush-off is brilliant :D
LOL
A bad lip-reader
if your tits are crazy
XD
MadSurge, what is it?
This is the best thing since Happy in Paraguay
Next week, same time, fuck you
naked German: Klaus Of?
I just cleaned my tits of crazy.
oooh fruitbasket
Dat Fruitbasket
just watched: FUCK ?
KITTY
Kitty!
<(''<) <( ' ' )> (>")>
Kitty!
:O
daf
wow
CAT
BUCK YOU SKITTLES
is something on the screen?
is the live stream playing
buffarr
oh
BUFFAR
05see ya at movie night
Up next: look the fuck up
05im done for the day
I like my Buffer HD
Aight
Cheers for the stream Wrek
05jeez =.=
seeya wrek
Okay, bye, Wrek
laters, Wrek!
We interrupt this program to bring you the buffer show
byw Wrek
See ya Wrek
bye wrek ;)
Bye Wrek :)
05ben streamign since this morning so yeah
Are we wqtdhung a livestream if buffering cause that wiuld be funny
wat^
wat
Wrek: Sweden is 1 hour ahead of Britain isn't it?
05y
Serenity, Yup
Yeah, so you've beeen around a while
Translation. We are watching a live stream of a buffer. That would be soooo funny guys.
I dislike touchscreen keyboards
Serenity: You get a gold star.
Yey
You get a banana sticker!
BUCKING FUBBLES
....I'm just gonna stop typing it is ending bad
^
Thanks for streaming, Wrek.
Kandarihu: Bit late
the Song PICTURE PERFECT PONY keeps running in my head
You're late Serenity. D:<
StinkomanFan: the title is "il grifone sbruffone", which means "the braggart griffon" :D
does anyone else hear Nerdcore?
ehh No song get's stuck in my head for long it's a storm in there
hehe
I keep getting that song in my head too
RainBowJack, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fk8VdtjNsE8 Here, have a different song
MegaMoonShine : i just love the PMV they made with it
wow i just discovered a pokemon version with ponies
Yay simfretina
For some reason 1D songs also get stuck in my head :$
So I'm watching Captain N. Mostly to see if it'll hold up to todays cold cynacism
Sim Gretina my bad
It doesn't :|
I rather die
Season 3 is the worst though.
Jim : Lol Inspectro gadget them in that SONG
S1 was tolerable, S2 was better
S3 is so far just PAINFUL
you mean G?
Want a tissue StinkomanFan?
I haven't watched that
I've seen a few eps of that before
Lil_B, Captain N the Game Master
Lil_B, He's talking about Captain N
oh
XD
/me is away no :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jraYcCGel_8&feature=related LOL
Never heard of it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7eC3PyiZ-0&feature=relmfu
Colgatelicious
I already have ponymon I'm not gonna watch someone play it
05sicne im probably watchign a movie anyways i might aswell stream it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xs9-N16CkNs i just want to hug Fluttershy because she is so cute
Brushie brushie brush brush brush
:( She's so adorable
...
Dead
>YFW Want It Need It was based on something even MORE terrifying D:
www.youtube.com/watch?v=N84kGsxlaHY
05want it need it is awesome
Hold me-e-e-e nyaa-aa-aaa
Wow you didn't know? I listened to the beggining and instantly knew that therewassomething deeper going on but then again I'm pretty receptive
The animation in that is great
I didn't even see the delta heavy version and yes I bucking love the animation
05oh well
05back in a few hours
05enjoy
What we got playing I wonder.
םי
oh
hmmm we shall see
this
SOLA MIRA HIVE
was in the tv last night XD
Priest huh.
in my country that is
Aaaand this is?
priest
Ooh Priest
Ah yes, I have heard of this before
I've seen it and it is awesome
Is it an action movie?
watching this and listening to merilyn manson
dafuq is this shit
;o
It's a trap!
marilyn manson*
oh god, you are actually going to WATCH priest?
um...?
He ded
What is this?
ded
Prist
Major: Priest.
Priest*
05was goan watch it anyways
05and no one else is on queue
05so meh
What's this? Did it just start?
MMm dat animation style
lag anyone?
What are we watching?
listening to pony rock anthem
priest
dat pyro
Awesome, I never got to see it.
Huddahudda!
damn
PYRO
MRRRRRRRRHHH
Dat faec
pyro just got his organs ripped out
nooooooooooooooooooooo pyro
These vampires are rigged
hackers lolz
Then everything changed when the priest nation attacked
the hakkkksssss
lol
http://i.imgur.com/1PqwG.png
I call mods
Aw, it's live action.
05its stuck for everyoen or?
It's fine now
A little
not for me
mine's good
Jim lol, which movie is this?
seems okay,
No errors here
So is the movie playing right now or...?
what's running?
Lil_B: priest
Lil_B, Priest
works fine here
im good
oh
she's cute
I'm using ipad ;)
I only just saw the animated bit
:[lol
What is this "fun" thou speakest of?
video games
lol
what time-period does the movie take place in?
Dear lord, please give me video games.
Fictional time
The future
the present
for them that is XP
Aww shit
it's kinda sci-fi fantasy random
OH SHIT
the fun has be doubled :D
HUGE FUCKING GUN
nice gun
BFG
Dem reinforcements
What we watching?
his gonna be useless though
lagging a bit
Shooeie, Priest
somebody gonna get shawt
o shit son
ded
That vampire movie?
Yeah, I'm also having occational lag
damn
Shooeie, yup
shit just got real
I'm lagging too
Same ;-;
video lag and some stutter
RAPE
and she was raped.
buffer -_-
rape
O____________0
WAHHH
OI!
.....
what happened
o_o
what
Commercial break
ded
the end
Think he's trying to fix it
Little early for horror movies aint it?
that was an awesome movie
The end :D
o.o
05lets see if this fixes it
the line
KNIGHT RIDER
darn this ponystep is not hardcore enough
but that girl was hot.
just buffering now
refresh it
http://i.imgur.com/1PqwG.png
black screen of buffering now
Still buffering
05stream restarted
05hit refresh
There we go
I can see a blue image of a crowd
05pm me if it does it again and ill switch embedd
likewise
Wonder when that painter gonna finish
00,10Bleh, I think work is messing with me.
Work messes with everybody
00,102 short days and now a no work
..lolwut
Wrek will never be done painting :P
Also hi Sumica
00,10ohhi
heroo Sumica
would you like to know more ?
Hello Sumica :)
I'm back.......and what are we watching?
hi Sumica
05still errors?
Priest
priest
no Wrek
inb4 the church is evil
but i'm atheist...
every few minutes or so
Wrek: some minor bufferings
i dont have any
Priest?........what's it about?
Dark92Enigma, Priests killing Vampires
Some vampire movies or something
Dark92Enigma: a priest?
05as in unwatchable or?
It is quite good now
Eli i mean the show
Jim oh i see
Wrek: no it works. just a bit slower
It keeps freezing
^
hmm, it does
freezing, stuttering and pausing
it plays flawlessly for me
oh wait
shit
zing.
05lets see
hi
muted
hi linx :)
Jim imagine if Abraham Lincoln joined them <------
^LOL
Dark92Enigma: No ya fucked up :3
You have fucked up now!
Abraham lincoln fampire hunter
Serenity LOL that was from TWKYK?
05yeah mips kept DCing
That abraham lincon sequence was hilarious
You dun fucked up
what we watching?
05so it was an error on their part
how did they even get the IDEA of making Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter?
05refresh now please
jim how have you messed up steam
linx, Priest
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOhhhh, NOW YOU FUCKED UP
it says your in game playing nothing at all
Oniichan!
Jim: oh cool
Chrysalis, I'm playing the beta of Guns of Icarus Online
05there we go
05now
The stream is dead!
05lets hope it stays stable
whats this?
now i've audio
05refresh Dark92Enigma
it ia fine now
it works for me
OK
... video is out
refresh it
Alot better. :o
Nothing
I HAVE NOTHING
throw the computer out of the window ;o
might help
/me interesting idea............
i know right ?
:D
HellsFortune: i think it actually would, because it would force me to buy a new one
Eli, see ? im good at fixing computers :D
What about the meory and stuff won't you need that?
memory
meh
I like trains
i'm sensing steampunk
I think god has his objections against this
i like this vampire
his insane
hello Lil_B btw :D
[Alpha]: i got backups
hi HellsFortune :)
No work.......i'll be off for now
Well then by all means throw it out the window
bye Dark92Enigma
i live in the 7th floor, would do a big boom :3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0l28Qmj9MY&feature=related
no video links during stream
flyershy: Vid links are frowned upon here :|
ok
:D
MegaMoonShine, it's ok to post video links, but it's disrespectful when there's someone streaming
bbals of steel
dat bike
badass bike
They see me rollin'
Popemobile!
well have to go everypony
bye bye
05popeman and altar boooy
Where does the church get the money for all this?
he hit 88mph long ago! D:
05with holywater adn jesus discs
Bye rainbo- ...heh :S
Poor MegaMoonShine
sad music
ebay
Emotional scene!
This guy:S
That looks like John C. Rliey
My booze!!
Fake holy water?
Derpchat
6_9
You find the best Holy Water in the Candels in castlevania
and the tastiest wall chicken too
:O
yes XD
:|
kill em all
o no
This guy is a total badass
:O
Throwing skill 100
he uses mods
hax
assassins creed
already made that joke
you think that the BIG cross on the Building of the Chirch would be the normal cross and not a Simple + with a circle around it
Popesquad ho!
Execute order 66
Wait, is he Magneto?
no
this reminds me of fallout 3
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
hi
vroom vroom
hi Arcus :)
Heello Arcus
hi Arcus
What are we watching? :3c
Priest
priest
POPE.
pope ? :O
lies
Popevault 98
Where is your green text scoot?
i'v seen preist
grab your new Popeboy
00,03my green is here!
:D
00,03And did it just start?
Nope
Been on for like 10-20 minutes.
We're about half an hour in
bye guys i gtg
Ded
looks tasty
bye Awesomeness
You like saying ded MegaMoonShine.
I know :$
yup :P
very tasty
nom nom
hi MegaMoonShine and Scoot-Scootaloo ;)
scootaloo scoot scootaloo
;)
:D
ewww
hi Lil_B
jizz
giz
vamps be cloppin
hi Eli :)
jizz everywhere
its alien's drool
dem eyes
FOREEEEEVER!
OH SHIT :O
dammmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
hax
badasss mode actevate
Screw guns
badass cheat activated
the sun is ded
o no
10 seconds flat?
rawr
O_______0
dem uglies are on the way
6_9
sexy
drool
Aw crap guys, GTG
love that book
Bye StinkomanFan :)
watch this
dame
hax
Priest ninja!
Since when did this become the Matrix?
slo mo
Critical hit!
his a badass
ded
:D
o shit
and then bit
ded
jump scare
pope scare
He lives!
am i the only one who wants to watch the actual fight between the vamps and the priests ?
Hellfier: no your not alone
wrong one :P
??
u said hellfier instead of my nickname :P
oh sorry :$
:D
i'll pretend nothing happened
something happend ?
i'll be quiet
lol
omnomnomnom
:O
:O:'(
O____0
I KNOW WHO THIS IS
ded/alive
Good evening everypony.
Good evening scavender :)
Long time since I was last here.
eco freindly
What are we watching ?
AHA i knew it
Priest
Good for the environment, dude, man
elecricmsockets in the middle of nowhere seems legit
that bad guy is eomer ! :D
whatever noob
Quick, turn left!
eh... i need a bottle of coke ;o
it's got room
i want to build my house there
It's a trap
dat jump
Leap of faith
Leap of faith right there
dat doll
Smartypants
is chucky
look up :D
use the force
rawr
HELLKNIGHT
can't unsee
Hole saved her!
hax
the fuck...?
double jump
Total hax
tf2
bang
dameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
no skills... ?
really ? XD
bow chika bow wow
Anyone understands the plot?
vampires vs humanity
that's it
batman
nap time :D
3 2 1
rumble
he dies first
He ded
poor old man :(
his time has come
He acts like he has never seen a train befire
before
never
i never saw a train
Ded ded ded ded deddeddedded
the fuck is a train?
eomer !
never agian
hey guys
hello alexxm
hey alexxm :)
town is gonna be ded
Oh no...
lol
:[
He ded
hey HellsFortune and MegaMoonShine how've you been
6_9\
alexxm: good good :D
Good alexxm
eomer is a meanie :(
boom
Dat chorus
and then he gets shot
flashy moves
ninja
lolz
daMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
blowback
wat
Asian preist?
what is this
priest
Priest
Foreshadowing ominousness!
thanks
death to all
Nooo they too late!
death to all dead ppl
I smell an jumpscare
heart
*a jumpscare
my mistake with the typo
Guess there's nobody 'still alive'.
dam
Irony
wow is this supposed to be creepy
Don't eat it, it's tainted!
he needs his rohirim
without them his nothing ;o
hai guys :D
hai Chrysalis :)
hi Chrysalis
how is everyone
Haaaaaaaaaai Chrysalis
how you doing Chrysalis
haaaaaaaaaaaaaa
hay everypony :) It's friday and what is this? :3
Hai Invi
Priest
priest
sounds nice
im doing brilliant, just got myself a job XD
gz :P
Congratulations :3
thanks :D
/me pokes Chrysalis
lol chrysalis you dont need a job you got us
whatcha doing for a job? if i may ask of course
looks a bit like steampunk
Hi everypony
hi Midnight_Splendor
Hi Midnight_Splendor :)
What are we watching?
priest
Priest
yeah, but on the money im gonna be getting all the pony swag
and then there was sex
/me read news paper find out that former teacher is sex offender :(
Chrysalis: damn right
Oh how far in is it in.
no sex, priest
lol chrysalis you dont need a job you got us
cccp my english teacher left to start a swingers club
O_o
He was an awesome teacher too :(
our biology teacher was seen in one Chrysalis. also our sports teacher seems to be a pedo
.o
what is with teachers and sex
o_O
they get screwed all the time
well why do you think they want to become teachers? >.>
specially in their paychecks
I must go now, enjoy the rest of the film guys :)
c ya MegaMoonShine
bye MegaMoonShine
shoot him D:
holy cow... with this much money, i can get a house
wtf
Do you think Luna invented Moonshine?
dat steampunk :O
Invi: <3 steampunk
^^
how about they just blow up the roofs so the sun can get in?
no
too easy
If only the real popmobile had nitrous
popemobile*
sacks
so whats the movie
popemobile... hah
priest
Priest
them giant testicles
hay shadow
yes
a humvamp
:O a human vampire. never seen before
Queen Chrysalis?
GODAMMIT, I've had freaking hiccups for 15 minutes now
Starting to piss me off
drink ? :S
Not thirsty
Serenity lol
stop breathing for 10 sec ? ;o
I'll die^
Serenity stop breathing as long as possible ^^
its not thirst question
^ Also kill me
Lie down on your back and relax to stop hiccups
A good scare?
If you put you block your ears and drink some water with your head tilted up, it'll get rid of it.
Sundaysmile: I'll do that at night when I'm tired
Shooeie: I don't get scared easily
-put you
don't have to, only takes a minute
it relaxes the diaphram which stops the hiccups
Okay, *Dies for a minute*
slowmo, slowmo everywhere
Nice knowing you.
They do fight really bad
ouch
So whats this move about?
priests
and the pope
Vampires and humans
lol
priests without children touching involved
sushie
MISSION FAILED
It's not helping
It feels like a stab wound reopening and closing
Dont you have a lighter?
I don't smoke
is there a stream?
yes
Sundaysmile lolnope. that is steampunk and she has a motorcycle. do i need to say more?
k

inb4 van helsing joke
broken hes nose
he lives
screwed
Oh Hell.
I like this part
boom stick
lawl :D
taste the light mother fucker
why are they in a train actually?
he ded
I like trains
choo choo
sex on fire
Wait a train that has vampires on it has windows?
slapped
there should have been apples. No windows there
pimp hand
dies from flesh wound
epic fail
how did that even kill him it barely touched him
chiken
who said his ded ? o.o
oh hes not dead
he liver
One fart would have been necessary to ruin the whole scene
it's all tactic
a knife in your shoulder will make you pass out
HE HAS FAITH AGAIN
YAY
dat foolish vampirehuman
Pawnies
Faith powers activate!
I've just have a drink
Nothing happen
Grrr
Look into my eyes.
ded
in the neck
katching
Don't let go!
Yeah bitch!
Let go
Oh nevermind.
NO!
boom
Super 8 all over again
ka boom
Is he de?
i'd say
is she ded?
no
I guess we will find out.
they livwe
Still. Beats Twilight in every fucking perspective
why can't anybody important die? :<
Invi: cuz happy ending
Any Vampire story is better than Twilight.
Because assasisns
Serenity what movie doesn't? :D
Sure is
movie over?
Invi: Titanic Ii
Justin beibers documentary
HellsFortune happy endings suck >.>
It's his sister...
Invi: i know right ?
dat hat
Serenity hm ok you have 2 good points ^^
Serenity, you just need a hug.
i want that hat
Ebay
Free hat anyone?
I have my own
Cup of blood.
I'm wearing a fedora
Well RosePetal if any vampie story beats Twilight, then does The Cellar beat it to (The Cellar's this fanfic I read the other day that involves the CMC and vampires)
Yes.
The head of Voldemort!
LIES
hui. what'S this?
'dat line
And then he faithed the shit out of the vampires
really it's just beggening
So clitche
So corny.
what are we watching?
priest
Dark_Horst: A stream
Wait... this is the ending?
yes
What is with these crosses on thier foreheads?
the end of priest to be exact
Serenity: no shit
The end?
that was the crappiest ending ever
Damn, makes ME3's ending look good :3
The end.
series or movie?
was like half a movie
it just ends
Based on a book.
ah
Serenity http://derpy.me/q86WV :D
that explains it then
the book is probably better :P
But then again, a lot of films have sudden endings
The fucks i could give about this ending in zero
most books are better than the movies
Sundaysmile: that's what you call 'ending just good enough to start another movie to make even more money'
or a low budget tv series
I think the best sudden ending was Monty Pythons
it just ends just like that
Movies tend to cut out many scenes that help with the plot from the bool.
They suddenly get arrested and that's it, the French win
book*
so now what...
^
Aliens. Must be
i want
aliens
Aliens 2
its aliens :P
the others are alien XD
You guys heard about Docter Who 7th season?
Yes, last year.
00,03Now? Now we experiment.
what we doin now
I was gone long enough to miss a moive?
wut?
it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0l28Qmj9MY&list=HL1344012052&feature=mh_lolz
Can't wait :33
00,03If I may ask that y'all would be ever so kind as to refresh, I would appreciate that! :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjUhK8rYJYM&feature=g-u-u
Scoot-Scootaloo: The page?
refreshed, Scoot-Scootaloo, but no change
You guys are technically breaking rules, since a sream is still on :3
00,03Hang on...
By poasting jewtuub links
Serenity: shh
jewtube ? ;o
REBELLION.
i find the offensive XD
the hell is jewtube
There's actualy a site called Jewtube
eh ? o.o
Found by accident when I wanted to type youtube
AHA
What movie did I wake up to the end of?
But was mentioning it at the same time
Hey guys just got here what have i missed?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0l28Qmj9MY&list=HL1344012052&feature=mh_lolz
by accident?
lol
Pronounced it jew
So I typed jew
likely story :twilightface:
like jew-jitsu?
And I'm like *no wai brah, it's teh jewtuubs*
Metronome: u missed priest
Serenity: for the record, we dont use it XP
searching...
well, im not anyway
I don't think any of us does
00,03Okay, now refresh!
I'm athiest
Yep, got it
anyways, ill be off now cya later :)
Watcha streaming?
"How to put a straw in a coke glass."... that's the kind of ads we have nowadays?
Ponies
alright i see mips
Sundaysmile: Welcome to earth, enjoy your stay
accursed mips!
So wht's next?
youtubepoop
Friend intro?
STREAM IS DEADDDD!!!!!!!!!!11:[
>_>
refresh Metronome
Refresh the stream
derpy episode?
nope
00,03Refresh if you havent
the hell was that
I regret refreshing.
:'(no it must go on
we are teh cutie mark nigguhs
dat poop
OH -_(\
well back to watching team fabulos 2
wat
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sK9yegBBLTY&playnext=1&list=PLF112286C723B81D1&feature=results_main
lolwat?
Why Scoot-Scootaloo.
flyershy: Please stop youtube linking during streams
00,03Because.
what was that
dat kid xD
Friendship is Gac?
billy mays
billy mays here
dat equation
LMAO
Serenity
GTFO
:P
:)
what
lol
Hehe
I lol'd
Just to slap a bitch
black joke
what a story mark
And with that, he probably has instantly disappeared
bye bye erry porny
Poor Serenity.
pony*
Cya, CCCP
bye CCCP
Bai CCCP
/me hugs Serenity alexxm and Jmo4267
bye
Nambypambystory makrs.
Jmo4267: Nah, I deserve it, if you've known Dari long enough.
Lul
this confuses and scares me
Is this the YTP that has the Cumcakes song?
Yup, it is.
Yep-
.
I have to ask. Who DOES these things-- and WHY?
Godzilla xD
derpy
Why not?
END IT ALREADY.
ded
lol
journey?
no
Fire. Someone bring fire. For the purposes of burning it with.
Living in a pony world.
uh what
AaAaAaAaAa.
wat
one day
00,03PUZZLESsgtdhyth
Pwnd.
she has a point
lol
Oh..... kayyyy.
Ohkaey den
i recently checked the brony herd cencus
*census
Rainbow dash is the most favorite in Russia,ireland and Argentina
00,03I should open #vinyl_scratch... if I knew how! :D
Scoot-Scootaloo: There's still PMs :P
Don't you just post what you want to request? I'm not sure, I've never used it.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Try saying please?
00,03Eh, yeah there's that
Hank's crying like a little French filly!
everypony in this chat must remeber mlp g1
ded
Dat Caramel Voice. :
monty python
i don't think i've seen this one before
gotta go brb
i like the comic book style it does it in
so quiet
Muffins.
hello everyone
snake
isnt the sonic rainboom just freefalling?
how you doing Thrackerzod
im fine
00,03Hey BerryPunch... go screw yourself!
What you talking about?
08,01hey Scoot-Scootaloo! go make love to a cactus!
wat
00,03I dun wanna :(
BUCK YEAH
00,03whoops..
ow
05awesome dinner was awesome
oh shit
whens the cutoff for the lottery? :p
08,01i had antibiotics for lunch! \o/
00,03Ah wrek, youre here!
05am now
08,01well, that and casserole
05just ogt back
was that pushed to thursday?
Ryunosuke yesterday
i'd buy that for a dollar
hello~ AJ
right, I forgot about that this week
05had chicken fillet with fried carrot adn onions together with pasta and feta cheese
05lemon pepper and salt
Your making me hungrey
08,01Chrysalis: thank you! so do i!
got the job, wont get paid before BUCK :(
first world problems
05on monday i should get my passport
05iz nice
08,01Chrysalis: had to spend £80 of my own money to get one of the committee useful and online again...
08,01first con problems
This is HILARIOUS.
old doctor who
Love this video
aren't they always angry
erm... im confused
00,03^
Powered by hate?
ha, stairs
And Static Electricity.
hover mode
Yeah.
:D
wat
exterminate! exterminate!
My creator
wat
wha- bu- ho- wh- GFSJCYSTCVHB USVRDB S
me
i
00,03...me
oh hay Lil_B ^^
GUYS! srly?
hai Invi :)
:OO
hmmm, not sure what to feel
AJ <3 She's the perfect Pony. :P
but know i should feel somthing
cause of this vid
The ONLY normal one so far. :D
Eli I only know them from a Dr. Whoves comic I am following :3
doctor who related: http://cheezburger.com/6468530176
Invi: can you link me that? i would love to read it
Did the movie end?
I LOVE THIS SONG
<3
Song done...know trying to bring everything under 0db without letting it sound too silent and lifeless... I I can't do it
DUN DUND UND dun dund udn dun dunD UUUUUUUUN!
lemme look in mah comic collection :3
Woot, what song is this?
yeah, but the time lords were the only ones able to step up agianst them
<3
Which video is this? D:
So, who's streaming this afternoon?
00,03Who do you think~
IN the end, yeah... and no-one won. Everyone lost. Davros was such a JERK...
A muffin is streaming.
Lil_B: I knew that. :P But the name
Well, it seemed like Wrek stopped streaming, but I think he started streaming something else on another service.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4810/
Bad Apple?
lol bad apple
It's a very very good Bad MLP apple
recognised because I got some Touhou music recently XD
Let's see how many ponies YOU all know? :D
/me 11,01explodes
:3
Fluttershy, duh h :P
I'm suprised they even made a FULL ponified Bad Apple, not bad effort. :P
I tried to memorize all the ponies once that didn't turn out well
Poor stream cannot keep up. :D
Soarin!
THIS SONG IS DEPRESSING AS FUCK
Gilda. =3
It still doesn't live up to the original, but it's not bad in it's own right.
00,03I have no idea wht it means :P
Thrackerzod hows it depressing
Kandarihu: Indeed. The effort mena, THE EFFORT:
Vordox: THis is nothing-- somepony redid it to have English and MLP styled lyrics. Where is that...
http://www.lyricsreg.com/lyrics/cristina+vee/Bad+Apple+English+Version/
I love Japanese Essemble Version of Bad Apple
Kencolt: Woot? There's a better version?
Cheerilee =3
except that the performer Don't move a single muzzle while playing anything XD
Mayor <3 Love her
but it is my theme song 80% of the time
I wonder how many frames this was made in....
nice discord
Zecora the AWESOME!
Lotus and...Aeroa?
wow, i saw G1 Twilight
i approve of this song
Lil_B: Just wait. :D
someone pm me the link?
Please put the english verison
Lil_B it's her mother :3
00,03later
ARGH BLUEBLOOD
Vordox it's not hard to tell tghem :P
Lil_B: That's good then, that was the purpose :P
hey does anypony want the badapple MV as their screensaver?
I
^
the white parts are your desktop
I even found a german version of bad Apple by Strawbellycheesecake , so beatuful -.-
Hai Reimu and Lauren Faust =3
beautiful*
Lil_B badapple?
invi yes
Lol
Iron Will = Murderer
Lil_B strawbellycheesecake? did she changed her account name? :D
I have to go now. Shopping. BBL.
that was odd
Kencolt Buy poni
bye Kencolt
I was looking for a punchline to that one.
This is new
Invi I may forgot the right name, i only remember strawbellysomething :P
oh yes
oh AJ <3
Yay
Don't say I didn' warn you
the horror
what is this btw, i missed
I really hate this video
Lil_B i have her in my abos ^^ she has made a german portal song and a female harvey song :3
XD
is this boondocks meets mlp?
hi guys
also hi everyone
Pudge, corruption at it's worst
Invi harvey? which harvey?
how you doing rainshy and Pudge
hallo? :3
Go AJ :P
alexxm: good I just got a job.
good
Lil_B don't you know Harveys neue Augen?
Pudge what job is it
alexxm: working retail at an art store
evenin' everypony
Niggah Hush
oh aj <3
ok then Pudge
Oh god....RD Escobar
:D
Invi damn >.< I wanted to play that... I even have Edna bricht aus
horse choker?
Lil_B I saw Gronkh playing both games. awesome ^^
Stinkomeister as Pinkie Pie? XD
Pinkmeaner
So...
Invi the only german LPer I saw was Ali
What to do..
I got 1 FULL MORE MONTH of being not in school...
Oh I know!
Lil_B you never saw Gronkh?
Hey everypony
xbox killer?
I'm back after beans on toast
hay again Serenity ^^
00,03#Vinyl_Scrath is open! Send in your video requests there!
how you doing Serenity
Invi no, I'm actually not that much of a one person LP fan of games I don't know
Well, I like Beans on Tosat
Scoot-Scootaloo: spelled scratch wrong
00,03...
this is actually pretty good
Scoot-Scootaloo does it have to be pony videos
00,03#vinyl_scratch
Lil_B well, he has an own weekly stream so successful is he
00,03And not really, as long as they are under 10 minutes
Invi I know who gronk is, I just don't care about him :)
00,03And God help you if it's a pony episode...
00,03Or a .MOV one
Lil_B :3
0,5I liek .mov
Scoot-Scootaloo: What if it's cupcakes?
BaconMane: I do too :3
00,03...maybe
CHEERILEE'S A WHORE
I'm back guise
why does this not surprise me
11,01Did I miss my favorite PMV?
11,01I'm not watching stream.
pray the pimps prayer
amen
i'd buy that for a dollar
cm punk
golden shower :D
It's true..
golden showers for everyone
Gold Shower = Pain due to the weight of Gold.
alexxm: YAY :D
HOORAY FOR JESUS
11,01:p
okay then
/me slaps Nittany_Discord
Scoot-Scootaloo: i hope you were prepared to get flooded with requests
Nittany_Discord that can be arranged
blah blahgay sex blah blah congress
Dat Charlie Brown adult
no anal rape
aw
00,03Oddly enough, it's not flooding!
:o
Scoot-Scootaloo: i mean are you going to get to all of them?
PONIES
I really like her MANE
that what i tend to say too o.o "ponies!!"
I wonder if you can do the reserve; take a Boondocks episode and put FiM lines over it.
05look at chat
05read anal rape
05look away
*the reverse
05look back
so cherrliees a teacher and a whore
Wrek: :D
05read its not floowing
an irresponsible white person
05no context
05ohgogwhy
/me is a irresbonsibly white person
Be afraid, Wrek Be very afraid
alexxm, This surprises you?
alexxm: dat grammar
^
StinkomanFan nope
THE ADVENTURES OF BLACK JESUS! WOOOOOO
yeah.... sure.. :D
Lawl Wrek
Dammit, streem is ded for me
Oh, there we go
and my chat is halfway broken again :/
so whos streaming?
Lil_B, why just halfway?

Invi I still could read the chat, i restarted now
sagas scoot-scootaloo is
a giant snail O.O
Scoot-Scootaloo, may I make a suggestion for some time?
I LOVE this one
Mister Literal
whats this from?
00,03#vinyl_scratch is open!
oh god I love this
there is a kind of giant snails that are able to eat through concrete
sagas Egoraptor
who requested this
Autism in a nutshell
: D
horray for puns
dat pun
yay Scoot-Scootaloo
hi Viper
Hey6 Invi
yay 6 Heys :D
how you doing Invi
alexxm still good :D
is it lagging or is it just me?
yeah a bit but still pretty fluent
i think its just you
sigh, updates
hello every pony
squee
how you doing rabidsonic220
hay rabidsonic220
im doing good you?
i'm good
00,03also, if you already requested a video, please don't post it again on #vinyl_scratch, I'll get to it eventually!
ok sorry
dat montage
also Scoot-Scootaloo do they all have to do with ponies?
00,03No, not really!
The Hydra died?! D:
:D
probably
apparently :\
btw hello
xD
O.o
Oh god this guy
lolwut
o.O
oh yeah
that's alexxm's request
00,03Also, I'll be kind of lenient with choices, so I trust y'all to not post any videos...
dammit, i tried rolling mouse over the square
what the hell?
So many people fake Tourettes =P
umadbro
00,03...that I wouldn't show!
/me goes to post cupcakes *trollface*
jk jk
did he just grab his junk?
The tourrettes guy is dead you know...
FUCK SALT
fuck salt
HARD AS TITS
:D
11,01And then Scoots comes across a r34 YTP.
hard as tits
FAGGET
Nittany_Discord: <.<
part of me thinks this is fake and part of me real
11,01Or a grimdark/clopfic reading.
00,03Also, when new ponies come to the chat at this time, please let them know I'm taking requests~
Without his collar he gets hacking attacks... why they left that footage in is beyond me
Oh, I heard a familiar reading.
TOURETTE GUY IS NOT DEAD: On August 4th, 2007, Tourettesguy.com released a statement, saying that Danny, the Tourettes Guy had passed away a couple of days after being released out of the hospital, from a car accident. It was later claimed that he was just in prison.
will do Scoot
08,01http://test.du.cx/pics/ejORvr.png
Nittany_Discord it will be one of those moments where... ive seen that porn before
Wait I may be wrong
08,01i want that shirt, but i don't want to pay $40 for it
Nittany_Discord: Gridmark readings are great!
who has 30 cases of pickle
You know, this is only one form of Tourretes Syndrome. I think I actually have a completely different form.
FUCK YOU BIGHOOF
00,10Silly Nittany_Discord, no one reads that
WHO GIVES A SHIT ABBOUT BIGFOOT
nice to see iwasn't the only one to link things other than ponies
11,01Sumica: I'm not going to solely rely on the topic to inform people.
Not sure if actual tourette's or just acting...
Oh god, here we go
this can only end well 6_9
00,03Man, I prefer random things over Ponies!
Sumica: I read gridmark.....
00,10see nit, sagas did't even notice you changed it
"twizzlers"
XD
Dat dude
what are twizzlers
:D
BUTT BUCK
epic stare down
11,01It'll inform the people that come in.
Sumica: what?
I thought topic changes show up on lightIRC
XD XD XD XD XD XD
Nittany_Discord: of?
:D
i think he's faking. i don't think someone with real tourette would be making 'funny' videos about it
Nittany_Discord: flash client doesn't even show the topic. it displays at the top but it's cut off
11,01That the streamer is taking requests.
ElI: "Make the best of the situation"
WANNA SEE A DICK!?
#vinyl_scratch
11,01I couldn't live around a person like that.
Nittany_Discord: ah, I knew
11,01I'd kill them or myself.
11,01Or both.
Nittany_Discord you'd HATE my father then
11,01I can't stand aggressive people.
^
Hmm, maybe you could set something to msg everyone who logs into this channel?
Oh god, here we go
:D
00,03Also, for the sake of conviniences, I'll take youtube links only. Sorry!
piss
Kandarihu: there already is a message, "if you have technical problems go to #derpy_hooves and for requests go to #vinyl_scratch"
The Lion King is proof that cats not always land on their feet
lmao truly epic
11,01Lol.
Alright everypony, enjoy movie night. I'm off to sleep. Take care. You're all muffins <3
Its like Old Yaplap, just less refined. :P
Scoot-Scootaloo: awwwwe
shana, I see.
11,01StinkomanFan: I could get along with him.
11,01You never know.
how do u make requests?
Well, Youtube is getting more and more censored all the time.
11,01It's just people that are loud and think force is the solution to every problem.
DoctoDoctorWho: paste youtube link in #vinyl_scratch
thank u
Lil_Bmaybe he turned around shortly before impact ^^
11,01That fussing and yelling solve everything.
fashion bug?
Fashion Bug!
wtf we watching?
00,03also, if you can keep it under 10 minutes, that'd be great :)
whats fashion bug
Hello Nittany_Discord :D
Invi NO
11,01Hi MaidSurge.
this is kinda long :/
...
Strange is more like it
You'd like to...what? XD
wat
00,03...
This was kinda entertaining at first but it's gotten kinda sad now.
How do you... Even DO that?
wat
wat?
tourettes makes you swear as far as i know. it doesn't make you agressive, right? i call fake
°__°
Oh god
11,01Ass een on TV.
MUUUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIICAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
xD
Isn't swearing inherently agressive?
o.o
CANNIBALISM
'MEARICE, STOP PLAYING WITH YOUR FOOD.
hey guys , whats up?
MURECA
Wat?
XDDDD
I tried to take back this request, but I couldn't.
11,01But food is fun!
Are people that stupid?
XD
Shooeie: ...
XD
Veggie dogs?
this is a high amount of happiness xD
Shooeie, this is aimed at kids, not us.
this cannot be perverted at all.
damn YAY
Shooeie, no. This didn't take off
;lolwut
Happy hot dog changed my life!
wich one is the weiner? o.o
11,01We have a product called Forever Lazy. I think it's a wearable blanket with a slot in the back for bathroom breaks.
make your dinner a "weiner"
xD
WALUIGI IS THE WIENER
Vordox we get the shittyst commercals
I return to weiners on stream? O_o
dancing hotdogs?
Eli: it makes you partially incapable of empathy and makes you repeat speech patterns, which only in some cases is swearing
and i just cant spell today
Thrackerzod: Speaking about FUN commercials...
i'd buy that for a dollar
this is crazy
Besides the obvious cannibalism, there's also the thing where people pay for something that...cuts a hotdog.
11,01And don't forget about the Comfort Wipe!
I wouldn't buy it if you paid me
:O
11,0118 inches. Anally-designed.
11,01XD
aw dam,
When I requested that, I kind of felt it would be along the lines of the Das Beer Boot. That request is one of many things I regretted sending right after it was too late.
Nittany_Discord lolwat?
Nittany_Discord: sounds excellent :D
this is a good song, but eurobrony has far better ones
<3 DIaaaamooond doooooogs!
I love this song, not my requerst thou :/
Pudge: this is one of his best. D:
i like this day aria ft odyssey the best
11,01Some people weren't here when I streamed the Jaboody Dub of the Comfort Wipe.
This music is awesome, for Diamond Dogs. <3
I take it only request per request period right?
11,01But the product is real.
Lil_B: still a pleasant surprise eh? :)
Diamond Dogs>Luna>Discord (in terms of Eurobeat songs
Lil_B: Agreed. <3
MadSurge defenetly :P
what?
Diaaamooond dooogs Diaaamooond dogs!
/me headbangs.
00,03I'm going in order of whos first
\:'(:(:$:S:O:[:|<36_9:);):D:P
You know Diamond Dogs was a David Bowie album
Scoot-Scootaloo: Dat Many requests. :P
00,03so firct come first serve@
Lil_B dem all are good ^^
Oh sorry. I meant to say only one request per request period right?
This Day Aria ft Odyssey>Discord>Diamond Dogs>Luna
Nittany_Discord: like the Johnson and the Uberboner :D
StinkomanFan: Woot, there's the name from?
Pudge: WOOT!? You didm't like Luna?
Invi I know, that why I have all oh his Stuff :)
Vordox: the thing is they are all excellent, its so hard to order them from worst to last
Lil_B ALL of his stuff? :O
derp meant best to worst
who dislikes my fair princess luna?
Pudge: Well yeah, but Luna is one of his biggest view hits.
But I still prefer ths song. <3 So much more awesome.
Invi all the MLP Stuff, sry XD
SCREW THE VIEWS, I GOT TASTE! :P
:D
luna <3 trollestia:|
Vordox: I like the techno theme of this day aria, plus luna nightmare mode scared me
the melody is sick in this song :)
Pudge: Wait? it scared you?
Lil_B how many songs are that?
You're...not accustomed to the internet?
Vordox: the screamo death metal end, wasnt expecting it :O
/me Lil_B nods
rainshy: Trollesta Molestia Celestia Shylestia
Invi just a sec
Pudge: Oh... Well that's just for shock value. :D
I have a challenge if anyones interested...
Diaamooond doooooogs! <3
when i said scared me i meant shocked me
DoctoDoctorWho: clallenge you say?
derp
Why wasn't THIS in Rock Band and not Discord?
callange accepted
MLP TRIVIA: What are the name of the 3 main Diamond Dogs
GOOD LUCK
wow
Vordox they had names?
One of them's Rover
alexxm: Yes they had
hmm
Spot?
Request something that will make me cry sentimentaly, Ill be truthful if it works
MLP TRIVIA : name sunny days cutie mark , mane and coat colors
Vordox is it something that was only brought
laggy
XD deadpool
invi 13+9+20+4
:O
Vordox is it something that was only brought up in a blog or the script
DEADPOOL :D
Deadpool=Pinkie
Lil_B so 46?
L:AAAAAAAAAAG
HE'S THE HERO JAPAN DESERVES
figures mine would lag
deadpool makes everything better
Invi yes, in 4 Albums
He brakes more 4th walls than Pinkie
lol ya
dat hammer
(!)
Hey Scoot, I wanted to know if I'm only limited to making one request per request period? I just thought of another different video after I posted the one in the Vinyl room. But I'll just save it for next time if that's the case
Rarity and Wooona
luna and rarity
Shooeie: Only because Pinkie is contractually obliged to not break it too much :D
i love this song
Spot, Rover, and Fido.
:D
Whoever is in that suit is having the best time of their life
the extended version :)
LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAg:|
Vordox i knew one was called spot ^^
Towelie
I would literally pay money for something sentimental enough to make me cry
Invi: Not bad :P
Where was this shot?
i want a tardis to hug too!
dekaranker
Rover, the medium-sized dog, is the leader of the trio, while Fido is the large-sized one and Spot is the small, bulldog-like one.
pedo bear :O
Fido ftw!
KEFKA!
Kefla <3
Stream can hardly handle all this swagger
AAAaaand about how they were created with names... XD Lauren Faust stated that the names the Diamond Dog leaders were given in the script are Fido, Rover, and Spot. However, she didn't recall which ones have which name
*Kefka
/me hugs Eli
I read mld 4 times and was dry eyed through all of them
yes this!
LET'S GET DOWN TO BUISNESS
OH god TFS
XD
:O
this pleases me
YEA
00,03DoctoDoctorWho: Becuase you didn't listen to my reading...
SHUT UP
dragob ball abridge?
YOU NERD
YOU NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERD
HEY EVERYPONY! :)
NEEEEEEEERD
hey Ponies47
how you doing Ponies47
i didnt know TFS made this
ner
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
nerd
DODGE!
^
DODGE
Im only 4
doge
Oh look a
GODDAMNIT GOKU
ya wanna bet money on that scoot?
MOOOOONKEEEEEEEEEEEY
alexxm: Good thanks you. Hows about you? :3
i'm good Ponies47
MR POPO!
00,03I already won~
Krillin + Nappa = THe heart of TFS DBZ Abridged.
pecking order
HEY
pecking order
SSSSSSAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
Ill be the judge of that
Piccolo HELP!
/me makes a man out of Vordox
the moooooon
Pudge: I'm probably the second most man here
Nopony fucks with Popo
NOPONY
Luv this part
Vordox: what defines a man
VEGETA ARE WE THERE YET?
And Kencolt = The real man here on this chat
cratorkid: Beard. :P
blowing up the moon is they're soultion to everything
it's over 8000
scootaloo when are you gonna play requests
rainshy: Errr.
Lil_B (9000)
Vordox: yes , i agree
rainshy: He is RIGHT now? :P
00,03i am playing requests :D
rainshy: he is :/
ok
this was my request
Invi no 8000
good
oh god
Xd
the moooooooooooooon
shoop da whoop :D
do we pm for requests?
oh god no
Lil_B not in english ^^
cratorkid: Vinyl Scratch Room
ok
cratorkid: #vinyl_scratch
DO YOULIKE BANNANAS
Invi but in everyo other language + the original :P
YAY
:D
GLITTER
Inb4 PAWNCH spam
GLITTER
Lil_B, but not english ;D
LITTER
YAY
what?
aww, appearently mine got skipped :(
ASS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a FiW ripoff?
this one again how many times have we seen it
EHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHEH
hey scoots guess what?
Pudge: This was BEFORE FiW... :P
And SAS
ass
I think
*inane gibberish*
That reminds me, a pony in motion. I gotta draw one or a few.
Take off and cheerilee
I've seen this here before
Vordox: really? the intro jingle sound very similar
ytp will never get old
oh :c
Sudden sloooowwwwdddddooooowwwwwnnnnnn
peep
is she coming on to the fat kid
RARITY
I had a request for a YTP, but it didn't got through :/
and im back
Can I keep you
can I keep you? :D
11,01RARITY!
cheerliee is a whore again^^
:D
derpy in the sky
Cherilees a whooooore
cheerliee a whore
JIN CAZA,A
The best whore there is.
EEEYYUP
old video, but good
Lil_B, why not?
rape
:O
cumming
dat smile
rarity
awkwardness
AAHHH
been a while
Pinkie Pie
/me instantly thought of "Cheerilee's Garden"
suddenly pinkie pie
Lil_B how do you know it won't be played after the next ones? ^^
CUMMM
PUNCH
sags never heard of it is it bad
PUNCH
PAAAAAAWUHCn
PAWNCH
PUCN
PUNCH
PAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWCNH
PAUNCH
PUNCH!
SAUS
11,01sagas: That's a fun grimdark.
yes
YEEEEEEEEEEEEES
yes
pawnch
YES
PUNCH the keys for god's sake!
alexxm: Gridmark, but no clop
Um um Um um Um um Um um v
WEDDING
Invi because Scoot-Scootaloo said it will get played in order who posted frst and I posted before Nittany_Discord (who requested this one)
oh look im just in time for youtube poop ponys XD
LOL
Self- incest! D:
Nittany_Discord: that it is. Just read it like yesterday
the end
DRESS!.mov sucked <- Nah. It was meh
APPLEBLOOM
applebloom!~
OH GOD
:D
ok then sagas would you recomend it
:O
00,03nah, it sucked :P
11,01Applebloom.
APPLEBLOOM
applebloom
Invi except if someone before me posted the same link as Nittany_Discord XD
CUMMING
MURICA
Scoot-Scootaloo: It was meh to me. It could of been better
poor berry punch
woo
11,01Someone posted this?
Scoot-Scootaloo what sucked?
alexxm: Yes definitly, but only if you dont mind the HEAVY violence
00,03DRESS.MOV
saus
pony pony pony pony
AAAHH
sauce
all the pony
fucking applebloom?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LOL
niggel
lololol
fluttershy is racist
?
11,01Alright everypony, who wants to...nvm.
still not the manliest video :P
whoa two make a man out you?
pony
O__O
Woot, same song? :P
what the hell is this?
What game is this...?
DARKSEED 2?
Dark Seed2
More Mulan huns song
00,03TBH, I have no idea what's happening
Or "Visual representativ?
I know the song, but what video?
IS THIS A GAME?!
i don't think i've seem this game before
REaLLY?!
The game with the most pathetic protagonist ever!
looks like early 90s
What is this, I don't even...
I saw this on Peanutbuttergamer
Aw, am I the only guy who saw the Darkssed Two RP?
ded
wat.
O_O
:O
Restueparue
*heavys voice*DED
ded
u still here scoots?
sonicandmario85: XD
seiously, what the hell is this?
ded
StinkomanFan: Here, this will explain everything *SPLAT*
00,03Why wouldn't I be here~
What the...
WHERES SASHA?
sagas a Darkseed 2 AMV
/me makes a man out of Scoot-Scootaloo
Hell, the game?
did the guy who designed the xenomorphs make this game
From the mind of Geiger to you!
StinkomanFan: never heard of darkseed
alexxm: yes he did
looks violent
sagas the first one was good. The second one was... this
MadSurge it looked like he did
Im willing to bet $10 that I wont cry on your mld reading, If I lose Ill mail it to u
sometimes
00,03lolno
DED
I'm hungry for some reason
ded
requests are terrifying
alexxm: at least the first game, this one just aped the style
he looks like a porn star
ok then MadSurge
very well then
00,03And when you make a request, please make sure it's less than 7 minutes long >_<
00,03Trying to give everyone a fair chance!
Scoot-Scootaloo did you skip my request? it was above Nittany_Discord , must have been one of the first ones I think
Scoot-Scootaloo: seems reasonable
EARTH
O.o
this is kinda painful
Alright, no more Requests from me Scoot-Scootaloo
I thought the limit was ten!
tentacles
definitly
Scoot-Scootaloo oh, ok mine was 8 min because you said 10min max XD
:D SLOWBEEF AND DIABETUS!
fuck my daughter XD
11,01Retsuparae!
11,01I love those guys.
EXACTLY
OH HELL YEAH
gaston <3
:D
Nittany_Discord: /)
OH HELL YEAH MAN SONG
gaston?
Gaston Intensive Unit
another one of mine
no body does it like Gsaton
Inb4 HAIR!
this confuses me
EGGS
hi everypony! :)
hair
HAIR HAIR HAIR HAIR HAIR HAIR HAIR HAIR HAIR HAIR HAIR HAIR HAIR
very strange....
What's the original music from?
:O
HAIR HAIR
DAFUQ <----
hi cachi01
Are these request periods random, or do you guys do them at set times? I'm not in here often during the day to see
how you doing cachi01
dat chest hair
MadSurge, Intensive Care Unit by Renard
MAN BOOBS
cachi01, hait duh
hi Invi and alexxm!
NO ONE INTENSIVE UNITS LIKE GASTON
this must be fromthe dark side of youtube
Hello cachi01!
air air air
*hair
hi MadSurge!
LOLWTF
CrimsonPhoenix: many thanks!
00,03This is the first time I'm doing requests XD
/me realizes he has more chest hair than Gaston
^
Just look at those follicles!
tmi
Already regretting Scoot-Scootaloo ? XD
MadSurge, http://www.lapfoxtrax.com/
00,03Not yet!
NOPONY DIES LIKE GASTON
requests, the quickest way to find the best and worst of youtube
00,03WHO GAVE ME A PONY EPISODE~
alexxm: so were you looking for a link to that fic?
Oh god this video
O.o
lol
sagas not really
r34
:O
:O:|
:O
:o
XD
alexxm: alright then
11,01XD
riight
INCEST :D
YOUTUBE POOP
11,01Eeyup.
wow
HISPANO
to infinity and beyond!
GAME OVER
XD
PURPLE
ded
once you go purple
Zephyr #Vinyl_Scratch
you never go back
#vinyl_scratch
i go
I go
flootahshy
SCOOTALOO WHAT ABOUT MY VID
I GO!
thanks
Why is my stream so baaaad... :(
I voted for cupcakes
There is an 8 minute limit, YouTube videos only
yes
FFF-
SCOOTALOO WHAT ABOUT MY VID
PINKIE ROLLED
:O
die
Boooo *throws carrot*
pinkie rolled... i'mokaywiththis
Astley approves
YOU JUST GOT PINKIE-ROLLED
ponyroll
Pinkie :3
Lil_B is that your video? ^^
ok rick rolled #500,000 check
Invi...
Ace ventura <3
Ace Ventura
dat 4th wall
Invi pressed enter :/
dundundundundundun
HA!
Invi no, was above 7 min, I posted a new one at 6:22 :)
an epic battle
:c
XD
TEST YOUR MIGHT!!!
Rainbow is best Iron Pony
yay
Lil_B :D and lolwat?
FUS RO DAH!
:D
you didn't convince me, now let me see your war face!
:
didnt see that comingh
:D
i expected fus ro dah too
Invi it's called "Friendship is not available in your country"
spin
hahahaah
lol sounds like GEMA Lil_B :d
dear god
hahaha
/me has insane pinkie as his phone background
saw that one coming
i love this song
Invi it is available
this song is in Lollipop chainsaw
is it?
Lil_B i can suggest that ^^
lol
Lil_B what song
PINGAS
Add a teaspoon of Godzilla...
that joke got old quick
Lil_B, as well as Lollipop lollipop oh lolli lolli lolli lollipop
alexxm the "you spin me right round" song, (I don't know the correct name
............
:D
hahahaha
LOL
and Oh mickey you're so fine
hahaha
ok then Lil_B
Haha :D
:S
Invi I just did, but I don't care if you do XD
chocolate rain
saw that comin a mile away
CrimsonPhoenix I got a Gamerip :)
Lil_B: that's pretty much the true name of the song :D
Gamerip OST?
A running gag is something that's not funny at all getting repeated so many times that the repetition itself becomes funny.
neat
Not like that DoctoDoctorWhoof
FAILED
desus ex machina
failed!
fail
epically
I liked that scene.
fail
hahahahaha
twilight said everyone instead of everypony ANYONE NOTICE THAT?
baloon part
Lil_B ok I meant imagine ^^ confused words :P
YOU FAILED! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Kandarihu, that's not it
critical faliure!
lampooning the magic deus ex machina right from the start was some clever writing.
XD
D:
CrimsonPhoenix no, only a gamerip, but the officuial OST of that game ( which has 1/4 of the music of the game...) is on iTunes
Frens
a running gag is something that is still funny between the people that were involve in it.
...
CrimsonPhoenix, that's an inside joke.
/me 11,01dusts Lil_B with his best feather duster
XD'
running gag is the same
Oh Fluttershy <3
mute
GO! COUNTERTROLL!
Nittany_Discord: You and your feather dusters :P
/me is dusted now
11,01Of course Discord cheated.
Fluttershy=Incorruptable
:)
yourwellcome
O.o
I love Game Grumps
YES! GAME GRUMBS!
catchy
...?
me gusta
Goof Troops is their best though
pause balls...
so much balls
:S
you GUY THIS IS MY REMIX THAT I CHOSE
ok
rainshy: It's.... Different...?
k rainshy
IT'S FINALLY WORKING!
YOUR WELCOME<3
YES YES YES YES
btw I'm back!
pause balls
YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES! YES!
Welcome to Brony State: Where we listen to songs purely about balls
welcome back Dark92Enigma
YES THIS VIDEO
YES
YEEEEEEEEEES
Next do ''Big Balls'' by AC DC
YAY
YES YES THIS
:D
I LOVE THIS ONE!
3rd from me
PHEONIX WRIGHT!!!!!
^
OBJECTION
OBJECTION!!!
11,01Ponies47: Yep.
OBJECTION!!!
hold it!
Finally something I like
LOL
A boot to the head
hahaha
Next.....an arrow to theit knees
this is awesome
/me Gives Scoot-Scootaloo a boot to the head
XD
LOL
00,03damn, chat derp, brb
:D
this is quite funny
:D
:D :D
worth it
and one for jenny and the wimp
and a boottothehead
And ANOTHER one
:D
XD
:D :D
I knew it
*gets boot to the head*IT HURRRTS
IT FUCKING HURTS!
:D :D :D :D
Family Obligation
:D:O
:D
A BOOT TO THE HEAD <3
unless i'm mistaken the creater of this one is regular in the chat
IT BUUUUUUUUURNS
Boot to the head
boot to the head
so many boots where they come from
BOOT TO THE HEAD
always a boot to the head
Poor Jenny and the Wimp
LAWL
11,01Son of a bitch.
MEEEEEEEEEEEOOOOOOOOOOOOW
XD
Kitty!
that a cat?
11,01Random DC.
boot to the head
afternoon all
:D
Hey StormFox
11,01Lol.
OK LOLWUT?
BRAVO
:D
EPIC WIN
BOOT
TO
boot to the head!
THE
yeah boot to the head
11,01Laser face.
HOORAY
He recovered quickly
boottothehead
BOOT TO THE HEAD!
for the boot to the head
LAWL
HEAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol
dat ending is the best
WHY DID EVERYONE GET A BOOT
worth it
LOL
:D
it was a bit predictable but i loved it
Ill take the whiskey
thats what they deserve
sonicandmario85: because A BOOT TO THE HEAD
Egoraptor early work? O.o
sonicandmario85, because the guy who wrote the will and died hated his whole family.
METALGEAAARRRR
mooo
this ain't egoraptor btw
this is egoraptors best awesome videos
NOT EGORAPTOR, BOOOO
I got kicked by Wrek........i got a boot to the head!
umm, yes it is
this is old egoraptor, its ok
EGORAPTOR WINS ALL OVER
how is this not egoraptor
WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU SO OLD!
ims till hot bitch
XD
egorapter onlt did the first MGS
:D
XD lol
haha get it! LIQUID AND SOLID
Dat reference :D
11,01This video is spoilertastic for me.
who was GAS?
11,01I never finished MGS 4.
:D
yo dog
Nittany_Discord: I suggest the LP from ChipCheezum
PUSSY
D
:D
try to find MGS4 in there http://egoraptor.newgrounds.com/movies/
and snake's voice isn't the same
CrimsonPhoenix: Ikr
SEE IF I CARE
Niomi gets shit fucked up
The only MGS game I played was 1
CrimsonPhoenix: cause this is one not made by egoraptor
you are now asshole
YOU SKIPPED THE HOP >8(
Dat Fight Scene
<3
Spectrum_Rush, do you think I'm stupid
HOP SKIP AND A JUMP
mech battle
CrimsonPhoenix: no
like a sissy girl
XD
LAwl
I am overpowered
:D
hello everypony :)
well the second one is still made by egoraptor
THEY SKIPPED THE TAP TRISNGLE UNTIL YOUR FINGER FUCKING BLLEEDS PART
alexxm How you're doing, bro? I can't wait for MOVIE NIGHT!
O.o
nice chin
i'm good Dark92Enigma
PSYCHO MAAANTIIIIIIS
Dat theme song
ohai Dark92Enigma
what?
HE'S NOT THE BOSS.
how you doing Dark92Enigma
Movie night Y U SO LATEE
Shuddup fag.
the hell
best seen soon
that scene in the game
;-;
looks hot
Its a microwave
Wait, so Psycho Mantis returns and gets beaten by Sixaxis motion?
mmmgun
raiden
hahaha
(!)
xD
THE END
XD lol
alexxm I'm fine, and i'm thinking of getting a virus-free video editor
Kandarihu, it's not the psychomantis
KISS THAT GUN
ded
Who's Callum Stamp?
CrimsonPhoenix, okay
YES!
:o
OH BOY
YES
best song eva
YEEES
GOOD SONG!
I KNOW WHAT'S COMING
I FUCKING LOVE U
:O
:D
hell yeah
aaaaw
NEED TO WATCH THE CUPCAKES ONE!
: D
This song reminds me of an Ending to an anime
I <3 this song
YES
00,03It's just a song it's just a song it's just a song...
fuck yeah! my request!
^
yea song ;-;
THIS IS YOUR TIME TO PA
No
Scoot-Scootaloo you cant resist its power
I always think of Andrew W.K. as the frontman to CN Real
PARTY PARTY PARTY
Scoot-Scootaloo: Play the Cupcakes one!
I'mCERTAIN I heard those notes, most of them, in an anime ending
I CANT STOP THINKING ABOUT CUPCAKES :(
WE SHOOT WITHOUT GUN
PARTYYYYYYYYYYY~Pinkie Pie ;-;
brb
not sure if me gusta after seing cupcakes
: 3
MY REQUEST!
Life is a party
6_9:)
GET READY TO KILL
:)
Poor Scoot-Scootaloo , so traumatic.
xd
I vote Andrew W.K. as the ambasador for all Bronies
This song makes me happy
Since he is one
How much of Cartoon Network has been taken over by live action?
too much
Kandarihu: not much
maybe hes too is a brony :D
00,03damn, 26 vidoes to go...
NOOOO DASHIE :'(
I don't think he ever said he was a brony, just that he watched the show and his favorite pony is Pinkie Pie.
ABDREW WK FOR KING OF PARTIES
Firefox: he is
AND*
Who i sAndre WK?
:o
If anyone is traumatized from... that fic, just read the space marine creed
Braviary: He wears a Pinkie Pie T-Shirt....
haha hes a brony woohoo
xd
Vordox, he's the host of CN Real's Destroy Build Destroy.
you dont know XD
Vordox: a great musician
Braviary: Never heard
are these requests?
Be glad.
DoctoDoctorWho: No no no, read Sweet Apple Massacre
DIIIIE
So far I am hearing an Anime Ending, with added lyrics
So... Not liking it =P
CN Real = Cartoon Network's network decay.
....
get ready to die :D
Vordox he considers himself as a human Pinkie Pie , because he Parties extremly often and hard
FUCK YEAH I FUCKING LOVE READY TO DIE
Lil_B: Doesn't matter...?
already read both, they are the reason I am physicly incapable of crying anymore
Although, Cartoon Network has cut back on their live action bullshit. I think they have some show, Level up, and that's it.
Vordox, any particular series? Or just whatever seems to be common?
What's this?
Vordox just some more information about him XD
They brought back Cartoon Planet at least.
All right
Kandarihu: I heard it in an anime ending, with pretty much the same notes.
awwe this
Star Tours 2
Kandarihu: Can't recall which
what is this
Vordox, I see.
oh god again
This is the updated version of the Star Wars ride at Disney World
Star Tours!
2
hang on, isnt this too long
i remember this ride
3D!
now in 3D!
hi?
Robots 6_9
I don't think a video of a rollercoaster is going to have the same effect
this hurts to watch
THREEEEEEEEEEEEEE DEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
No this is a 5 minute short verison
Can i request: Joker's Origin story by the Nostalgia Critic?
Ouch. the 3D...
OH SHIT
Star wars!!! XD
Bad Luck CP3O Thought. :D
STAR WARS 3D!!!!!
I can't see it, it's in 3D.
though*
PREPARE TO BE BORDED.... IN THE ANUS!
does it turn 3D when I put my solar eclipse glasses on?
That photo of the rebel spy is of a random person in the audience
stupid ride
i go for 3D glases
xd
Imagine the Tourrettes guy on this thing
i think this is the one i saw
JESmith71, I see. That's a nice touch.
I HAVE NO IDEA
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT IM DOIN!
"That's not a Tie-fighter, it's tit dirt!"
Unlike the old version of the ride, this one has multiple ending scenes, openings and middle scenes
why are they scaeaming
For those of you on Wenesday, you got to see a longer video of all of them
JESmith71: How many variations?
screaming
WWWWWEEEEE <3
...
cameo
However because of the limit and because I missed it I requested this short five minute one
i WISH i was there
SAVE US YOU GODDAMNED MUPPET
Two openings, three middle scenes, three endings
Optical ilusions 6_9
StinkomanFan: :D
i like these rides where ur seats move about while u watch something like this
00,10geeee i wonder who requested this
This video only shows Vader/Hoth/Naboo
....
aw i missed requests :<
Jar Jar = FAN FAVOURITE
THESE EVENTS HAPPEN AT DIFFERENT TTIMES!
:o
same here
00,03My eyes hurt >_<
hahaha
Same Scoot-Scootaloo
They Booed Jar-Jar :D
well everypony i gotta go i'll be back for movie night
>.<
/me 11,01flies
why couldn't you run jar jar down
back
AW SHIT
Lol!!
/me catches Nittany_Discord
/me 11,01hugs twilight_sprinkle
OH
Nice end
/me hugs and dusts Nittany_Discord
:I
/me 11,01is dust-free
mission accomplished!
WOOOOOOO
:/
omg i love this 1
So is streaming a reading of a Gridmark fic against the rules? :S
possibly
:u
O__o
old one
sagas the mods do what they want
Isn't it soon Halloween?
lol Biff 1985-1905
^
buck yea epic song
L.O.L. ded
<3
sagas yes it is because of the content
dat music
XD
Dash step xD
XD
sagas, Scoot-Scootaloo said that he won't accept requests of something that he normally wouldn't stream.
swag
CrimsonPhoenix: even if its oly audio?
SWAG O.o
alexxm: Not bad swag for his age
only
Like I said
Im havcing super nostalgia from old browser games
the content makes it against the rule
We need peashooters and mushrooms, quickly!
StinkomanFan: Hollywood
ikr
back to back belly to belly
no links to c-c, that fic please
wtf is going on O.O
Im dead already
if this really happen in a outbreak i would so LOL :D
MadSurge Doomshrooms!
is that stubs the zombie fromt he game XD
ALWAYS save one round
for yourself
sagas, he digs grimdark, so it should be okay unless it's Cupcakes.
if we can't talk about the content of such fic why would we stream it
i would like the zombies to sing this before they eat me XD
i <3 this song XD
Kandarihu: something like it -ish. Similar themes
moonlight_sparkle: They sing better then most alive bumans :P
Lil_B: or just a few graveeaters :D
No way they're getting close enough to touch me
MadSurge to late for that now!
XD
:o
Inb4 Ded
Personally, I wouldn't want to see it. But I'm not supposed to be complaining.
Hello Bronystate! How is everypony?
Lil_B: send the cherrybomb!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO WHY :(
how you doing Flootahshy
now why is a werewolf afraid of zombies?
There's one other video on Dailymotion I wanted to see here. I guess I'll have to reupload it to YouTube and put it on private for the next request period. It's a video I used to have on YouTube, but got taken down. Dailymotion didn't have any problems it with though
hoi Flootahshy
alexxm: Good, thanks.
Spectrum_Rush: He's in a halloween Costume
if u watch the first 1 its really a kid in a warewolf costume
Vordox: ooh
MadSurge I still call for Doomshrooms :P
And then un-private it when the requests start
you think more people would notice singing zombies alll over the place
HOW TO FIX STUFF
MICHAEL BAY WAY
of course
Lil_B: I'm not very far in the game :D
boom
EPILOUGE!
Vordox: but wait then why he have a shotty
MadSurge ok :P
YES
:O
-.-
:D
Spectrum_Rush: He almost got killed last time
CORN ON
YES!
: D
THE COB
cooooorn oooon, the coooooooob
o_O
CORN ON THE COB!
:D
CORN ON
I ask of you all a favor. I need the best brony music you can list.
CORN ON
ITS DONE
THE CABOB
THE COOOOOOBBBB
kabooooooooob
THE KABOB
ITS FINALLY DONE
Yah Corn
DUEL OF THE FATES aka JOHN WILLIAMS KICKS ASS
XD
BUFFER ON THE BUFFER D:
Spectrum_Rush: Noticed he only shot once in a double barrel :P
ah okey ;-;
If you want some I have about 00 songs
never unheard
???
200
like a boss
Vordox thats easily explained as a dud round or an incomplete reload
yeah
like a boss
bad song
Oh by the way afternoon everyone.
:S
Chrysalis: He shot it last time against "someone"
LOL
[Alpha]: Hit me.
lol
RUN FROM THE POLICE
epic moonwalk
The OPPOSITE side
LAWL dat Dunk
XD
oh what
Win. So much win
That guy's street legal
ouch
awesome
WOOO
tall guy is tall
NICE SAVE
PUUUUUUUUUSH
Crash
andre the giant lives
PAWNCH
SMACK NECK
WTF
LOL
owned
XD
HYEZ
:D
fat guys
O_O
:O
O_O
wow
LOL WAT
O>O
that's a gif
damn
:O
wat
epic winning
:O
HUZAAH
xD
that was vfx
AOTD remix
epic!!!
GO GO POLICE man!
XD
OMFG ALL THE TICKETD
looks like someone is bored
XD
very
StormFox: Make the work fun
Your way
Cool traffic cop!
MICHEAL JACKSON is best EVERYTHING
this shows the standards
Nyeh
:O
i know how that is being bored
:O:O:O:O:O
Dat burn...
burn baby burn
never seen a traffic cop IRL
DAT LANDIG
:O
what
wow
that was random
this star wars 5?
XD
in Afghanistan
:D
this kid
lol
How to wake, AWeSOME STYLE
will go far
sleep drumming
If anyone is interested Im looking to hire a Large black man named donavan.
like a baws
XD
the kid is aweosme
noo
oh god
Yeah, I totally wake up and start jammin', that's the way I do it.
FUCK YEAH
Omfg
cool
US military
awesomne
RAINBOW GUN
MURICA
SPIN SPIN SPIN
awesome
how you doing FillyMena
Wow. Instant rainbow. Awesome
AW shit son!
aw yeah
Kid is growing up in the right way :D
cmon
GO OLD MAN!
XD
:D
BE PROUD!
oh wait, this is AMURIKA.mov, isn't it
lol
:D
U R THE EST
OH OH! WHERE YOU AT?!
NICE
seen better
oh i saw dis
swish
Dang switching to pc
Omg! I love this!!
Dat Asian Walk
WHERE YOU AT? WHERE YOU AT? WOMBO COMBO!
how..
AND REVERSE
cool
sync walking as awesome!"
how....
:o
this is Japan
No way xD
By the way, today is Lottery night?
O_O
How to drive Motocyle with remote
dang...
Wow
;o
Dark92Enigma i think so
crazy
thats stupid
NEVER GIVE UP!
i seent hhat before when i was in californa
NO WAY
evening bros, more fail?
perfect
O.o
more win
hoi Dken2021 , its win, not fail tho
HE CAUGHT ONE
ENTER SANDMAN
Dafuq D:
LE EPIC MUIC
Dken2021: No sir, you are looking at pure win here.
Poor seagull :P
stutkas?
poor bird :(
caught it like a sir
perfect parrel parking
NC's Joker Story?
I only need 1 wheel
poor se.. wait seaguls are rats with wings
lol
wow XD
no front wheel?
Screw repairing
who needs it
Front wheel stolen? NO PROBLEM.
well hes going to eat tonight
Making up for a missing wheel
oh snap
moonlight_sparkle: ild feel sorry if it were a rat
oh wow
SO much skillz
epic coffee
SCREW YOU
ya
I PARK HERE
Damn son!
More PPP
epic coffee man is epc
bubbles?
cotton candy
As I said before
cotton candy
Make your work Fun
oh wow
epic cotton candy XD
Vordox the parking job before that was the video of the newest workl Record in parking
thats awesome
NICE
Lanky man
old one
lul
LOL
:O
DAMN
Dat finger shake
o.o
damn...
That was AWESOME Paco!
o_O
Inb4 ouch
yes he will
he just fizzed it up
AW SHIT SON!
i dont get it
StinkomanFan: and then Rarity took his fingers :(
cmon buddy
Aw snap!!
dog is BADASS
DJ Dawg
dog > skrillex
Screw you, I got paws :D
lol
dj paws
dog has mad skills
Chrysalis: :D
What the "beep"
EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE!
00,03...oh god
._.
GOD NO
NOO
XD
O.o
O_O
OH
DAFUQ
No
O_O
ITS AN ABORTED BABY!
MY
GOD
Nonono
omg
FFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUU
no!!
oh god vantrinq
TURNIT OFF
bieber puppet, bwahahahah
6_9
shut it!
kill it
burn it!!!
nononononononononononono
.______________.
This is....my...jam? *vomits*
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
good thing i found that mute button
burn
I LOVE that he used this song. :D
oh dear god kill it
It's just a badly designed puppet.
KILL IT KILL IT KILL IT
KILL IT ILL IT WITH FIREE
mute it!
o.o
....why
lol :D
Creepy as fuck
*MUTE*
The uncanny valley just got one more inhabitant
MUTE BUTTON
UGLY PUPPET, YAY :D
kill it with fire!!
GOD NO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
:OOOOOOOOOOO
oh god no,
BASEBALL BAT TIME!
who requested this
someone really wants to torture us
NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE
we must kill them
lol he's more gorgeous than Justin Bieber :D
i bet the person who suggested this is enjoying chat
:o:o:op:o:o:o:oo:o:o:o:o:
JESUS WHY!
why is this happening
:o:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O
Please stop
:(
well, mute
:(
00,03Don't blame me >_>
Scoot-Scootaloo please stop this
My nightmares for the week >_<
WORTH IT
BABY BAY BABY BABY BABY BABY BABY BABY BABY OOOOOOOOOH
This is anti-music
we dont deserve this
its a cruel and unusual punishment
Justin Bieber's a brony, btw.
Why is responsible for this catastrophy
FFFFFFUUUUUU
TROLOLOLOLOL
so this so what justin bieber used to be
Chrysalis better than G3?
yes
painful
In fairness, this is really only mediocre.
Kandarihu: NNNNNNNNNNNUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!!!
bathrooms time
Kandarihu that was just a photoshop
G3 > JB
So wait...requests are open?
Kandarihu: it's a fake :D
MadSurge if you listen to this and real music at the same time you have absolute silence
JUSTIN BIEBER S BRONY? OH HELL NAW HE AINT IN MAH FANDOM
i would rather watch the god damn live show than JB
burn it with fire!!!
It's really not nearly as bad as some stuff I've heard.
G1 G2 G3>JB
better is SimGretina vs. Justin Bieber - trixie's Boyfriend <3
GUYS! Whats worse? G2 or JB? :P
00,03Someone chose this >_>
SO IS THE CIRCLE JERK OF HATING BEIBER STILL HAPPENING?
JB
I prefer New Born Cuties
Scoot-Scootaloo who
cachi01|phone: he probably isnt, he just wanted publicity i bet
cachi01|phone it was just a photoshop
who picked this
my ears explode
00,03I dunno lol
Major JB
Lil_B: you have an musical explosion :D
Still better story than twilight
BRB.........GOTTA PUKE
sagas, only whenever he comes up.
BEIBER sUCKS AMIRIGHT?
xD
Scoot-Scootaloo PLAY SEA PONIES
XD
sagas: si seniore
SO BRAVE
Were fucked o.o
00,03PUZZLESJKJKJB
how long does that go on for
jigsaw puzzles!!!!!
broken flash player lols
PUZZEL
:o
NOPE
Colgate?
COLGATE
yes
ohai colg-aw, its not that vid
what is this?
brush your teeeth!
...
brushy brush brush
brush your teeth
meh, remixes
00,03...I'm gonna save this
Colgate, making brushing your teeth manly
xD
Colgate brushes her teeht with dentoline
Colgate F. Brushie. The F stands for Fluoride.
: 3
Dat face <3
Scoot-Scootaloo: you're welcome ;)
inspector gadgget :3
I was considering adding this as my party mix but my brother said not to
seriosly
Inspector Colgate!
brush
Inspector Colgate.
Her name is not Colgate
<.<
hahaha
It's Minuette
inspector colgate
colgate
nope its colgate
/me 11,01brushes Vordox
I now feel compelled to brush my teeth... 0_0
/me brushes and dusts Nittany_Discord
Fine. Inspector "Colgate" Minuette.
Nittany_Discord: Don't, my teeth breaks. D:
DoctoDoctorWho: While you read Sweet Apple MAssacre
/me 11,01has clean teeth and is dust-free!
:o
Vordox you should lay off the candy
mmm bacon
bacon time
11,01Vordox: Sorry :<
I told u I already did
bacon time is best time
oh rina
TO NARNIAAA
^
I wonder if Pinkie is Colgate's best customer?
00,03dunno if Rina heard this one!
So, serious question, why does Bieber get so much hate for creating material that's roughly as derivative as a lot of modern pop?
I have a teeth condition
If I brush too much I bleed
=P
/me 11,01It's bacon time!
Vordox TOO BAD, BRUSHIE ITME
Scoot-Scootaloo: send her the link :D
oh my god.
CriticKitten because his career started on youtube
I mean, Ke$ha creates songs with far, FAR worse lyrics and musicality.
StinkomanFan: *Blood spills all over the room*
CriticKitten: Aimed rage
CriticKitten: They're really fan-haters.
BRUSH UP THAT BLOOD :)
your going under the assumption that he writes his own music which am sure he dose not
now i can't remember was this rquest 4 or 5 from me
Yes @.@
CriticKitten: You know the "Scapegoat" syndrome that people with power do? :P
Dken: Oh so jealousy then?
YEEES
xD
00,03Let's hope so!
I HATE HIM CAUSE HE IS A DOUXHE SND HIS MUSIC SUCS
CriticKitten I suppose so
00,03PUZZLESDF
CriticKitten: For a while he had the most OBNOXIOUS fandom around. I personally hate him because he's another Disney boy, but that's just me...
XD
LAWL
POLE POSITIOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
XD
?
:o
AT SMILE :D
what a jerk
what the hell?
WTF IS GOING ON!?
cachi01|phone, he's a decent human being, though. He's not a jerk.
lol
POLE POSITION FTW
I dislike him because he cheated his way to fame, and is untalented and gets money for it
Wow...
WTF
Amazing commercials....
For the win
POLE POSITION!
XD
WOOOOOOOO POLE POSITION!!!!
SOOOO HAARRRDDDCOOORRREEEE
Thrackerzod: So I guess you hate most of the pop music scene.
Well this looks horrible
i'm confused
hahahaha this is a game xD
all this for a 4-bit game system?
oh wow
ballin!
EXPLOSIONS!
DIS COMMERCIAL WAS AWESOOOOOMEEEEEEEEEE!
atari 2600?
Reikim bingo
Dken2021, it's ATARI
i play pole position at my cousins sometimes
I dislike pop music
Dken2021: 8 Bit? :P
this is ridiculous
8-bit
STAY ON THE TRACK, FUCK-TARD!
I love atari <3
or is Pole Position on Comodore64
HI everypony
reikim well i like mj but he acutally has tallent
Kanadarihu in sn interview he said the ones that doont like his music are just jealos of hs talent -_-
Lol
had it on gameboy
8-bits game its best games D:<
I think atari was 4 bit, unless I'm wrong
nah ATARI
PPOOOLLLEEE PPPPOOOSSSSIIIITTTTIIIIOOONNNN
:P
Franek12354: the 80s were a sad time
Hello Hatsu
BIT TRIP RUNNER <3
skidmarks ON YOUR SOUL!
on your SOUL
Reikim: Worth noting that Bieber fans at their worst aren't nearly as bad as bronies at their worst. >_>
Whoever requested that, THANK YOU
Atari
ew
oh, atari was 8 bit, my bad
...
:o
Aw shit
O_O
OH I remember this scene...
epic stuff
WOOO
who the hell watches WWE.....
00,03meh...
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW
uhhh
Mick Foley <3
I love how adorably fake wrestling is.
This is retarded
so this is what I'm missing from wrestling these days
LOOT AT THE FAKE
He actually god REALLY hurt in that scene.
Firefox hey firefox wanna join me in the fluttershy room on movie night?
Guys, don't diss 8-bit, it's where good games were born :(
I fucking hate wrestling
Still, should have picked something more flashy.
atari was like 4 i think that was nintendo valilla
Professional Wrestling in a nut shell.
Was that Lou Albano?
He ACTUALLY BLED and broke a elbow I think
yeah, that's how fire works
sure
Its redneck whte trash
this is so realistice you guys srsly :S
How random it can get later?
LOOK AT ALL THE FAKE
sagas: watch at least Botchamania :D
Since Pro Wrestling is fake, I think it's safe to recategorize it as performing arts.
NO
oh god
MadSurge: what?
Ah, this is my request.
Well...
Vordox: eeyup. They keep small knives for when they cut themselves, and take blood thinners beforehand in preparation.
deceased crab
WHY
Kobami. Lol.
NOOOOO
Kobami?
This was Deceased Crab's biggest best hit debut
La Mulana?
wait, we're doing requests?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I painted something for you at the paintchat:D
WHY WAS I NOT INFORMED?
It's not even retsuprea
I'm getting real close to falling asleep
2006?
Umbrella , Umbrella , Umbrella
RAWRity, yup. #Vinyl_Scratch is open.
La Mulana is also on Wii Ware, but updated I think
You should have picked something like....well, anything with The Rock in it.
And I'm back for now.
:P
I love you deceased crab, but only when watching it alone, doesn't work well in groups :P
TrixieMuffin: Maze of Galious wasn't a very good game... .__.
00,03Only 40 more minutes though :(
Scoot-Scootaloo: <.<
Scoot-Scootaloo: til?
Scoot-Scootaloo: :<
Scoot-Scootaloo: until what?
LAWL
00,03Until I have to go!
Good question
Dat reference to MSX: :D
Until the request time to over
And this is...
COME ON AND SMILE :)
xD
Mares System Xtreme
Scoot-Scootaloo: awwww. But we love your streams :(
SNAAAAAAAKE
Scoot-Scootaloo are you talking?
This is a great game :$
so many snakes
The music in La Mulana. <3
See like it
......
SNAAAAAAKE, A SNAAAAAKE....OOOOOOOOOH A SNAAAAAAAAAAKE. ._.
yea sure :$
i wanna see giant blue guy :(
FU SNAKE
Garretbrony: nope, it's a Let's Play
so dr manhanten is a boss in this game
Oh
I enjoyed La-Mulana, until I got really mad at it.
ao oni much?
isn't a let's play like
10 minutes?
00,03Man, I WISH i talked like this~
Reikim: know that feeling :D
CrimsonPhoenix: 8-15 minutes
alexxm, he doesn't look much like Dr Manhattan.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Train. :P
and this is?
Kandarihu ok then
alexxm no silly Hes on Mars building a clockwork statue while being mopey
Annoys me that I can't even see stream =.=
i cant tell if my stream is lagging or if everyone is just way off topic
epic game >.>
xD
true dat
CrimsonPhoenix: Deceased Crab
MadSurge, I meant time
Scoot-Scootaloo if I ever make a sandbox game I'm gonna track him down and do one of the radio stations
this game has a 3 or 4 Disc Soundtrack -.-
Kandarihu how did you come up with your name?
:o
If you would followed what I wrote instead of assuming directly you would know I meant time
Lil_B: good old fashioned music :D
BURD
Random gibberish one day I was making a character for an MMO.
8 Bit Music = The music of simplicity
MadSurge no, I think from the WWar version (well, a 4 dsc its ybe bot vrsions XD
^
Kandarihu can I use your nick name for a name of a Planet
MSX had some good tunes
I saw his LP of Star Tropics
I'd rather not.
How long is this video, Scoot-Scootaloo ?
Tim Follin was a master at the MSX
well... this could be more interesting
His Star Tropics 2 lp was better IMO
PLAY HAUNTED INVESTIGATIONS ;_;
Tim Folling was awesome on NES and C64 too
I want the new version of this game, but I don't know how much it costs
MadSurge, $15
and SNES (Plok is awesome!)
I'd play it
O.o
...
yay
i think its an attack
OH LORD NO
song :[
the game looks intresting
mwuahahahah
oh god attack attack
???
Lil_B also rock n roll racing
00,03Someone chose this song...
OH GOD
Steady my fellow bronies DIVE!
00,03don't blame me :S
Kandarihu: kthx
OH GOD WHY...
xd
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
*MUTE*
Vordox thats the worst kind
Dken2021 ha made these covers? awesome, (I recently ripped all the samples from that game XD)
in words of picard DAFUQ IS THIS SHIT
Scoot-Scootaloo: start paying attention to names so we can guilt them D:
Someone's trolling :|
its okay....
cachi01|phone: Agreed!
/me blames Scoot-Scootaloo
*listen SimGretina vs. Justin Beiber - Trixie's Boyfriend* BUCK YEA :D
Hey Scoot any clue when the next request period it? I'm gonna try reuploading that Dailymotion video I requested earlier back on YouTube (But I'll set it to private until the next request time to keep it from getting it taken down again). Can't put it up now though since it'll take 100 minutes to upload, and you've only got 40
It was meI chose it for the hideen dubstep part
Scoot-Scootaloo: Are we able to skip this?
I request an MST3K episode Giant Spider Invasion
00,03Dunno, maybe nexy week~
If Major consensus agrees?
never heard of attack attack, must be a west band
I VOTE TO SKIP THIS SONG! /) Brony Hoof to agree!
Vordox:
Not a west band
hoof
(\
00,03Skip?
Vordox /)
(\
:D
skiiip
(/
this is eu attack attack right?
....-_-
Vordox: (\
LOL
\)
Welp.. I gotta go. Later everypony :)
>sees attack attack
Close enough Spectrum_Rush :P
/ )
NOPE
cya Ponies47
bye Ponies47
Scoot-Scootaloo can you play this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmyurvC5Au4
Thank you Scoot-Scootaloo =3
Bye Ponies47
[Alpha]: did you request that?
miku is so dmn cute
hello?
Yup
:o
00,03>>>#vinyl_scratch
Spectrum_Rush: i did that on purpose :S :P
A Joke video. Lawl whuut
ok there we go
Firefox: World is Mine
Dubstep ?! :O
[Alpha]: sorry, just a matter of taste
*mute*
I should have just skipped to the dubstep part
no
Lil_B not much, can't really think of any except the ones tim follin did
FU
Better. Brony Dubstep ish best Dubstep
i think this is techno
FUUCK DUBSTEP
yea dubstep
im ok with dubstep
:D
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwaaaa
altho this isnt the best
Vordox: cough* i did that on purpose :S , including pinging myself :P
OATMEAL!? ARE U CRAZY!?!?
electro house is where its at
No dubstep is best dubstep
I chose this too
I have ponify and sometimes it confuses me
BUCK YEA I <3 DUBSTEPS <3
pretty weak dubstep bra
StaticCloud: same
Dken2021 at least the auropean SNES music is good (mostly because its conversions of Amiga music XD)
In the not to distant futue......
all dubstep is weak
Next Sunday A.D.
It's a decent song, but that's the thing, it's not..."Where it wants to be"
hello every one
Lol i can apply two filters to a good song, i can has dubstep durr huurrr
im kinda unsure about dubsteps some of there are good
It has no souls. D:
hey cow334
>.< DUBSTEPS EVERYWHERE >.<
welcome back Allegr0
AL DUBSTEP IS THE SAME
how you doing cow334
00,03i find that it all pretty much sounds the same
Hi cow334
Dubstep is not my cup of tea.
hey Chrysalis :)
hiya cow334
Scoot-Scootaloo: Indeed, no "soul"
So yeah.. LATER EVERYPONY! :p
afternoon Allegr0
ITS TWO FILTERS OVER A MP3
alexxm: I am doing awesome thanks for asking and hello to all who said hello
see ya ponibas
Cow334 YAY :D
LATE PONIES47
Hey, there's good dubstep. (Orchestral music is just better :))
xD
ponibas: oops
hey Spectrum_Rush
Scoot-Scootaloo can you play this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmyurvC5Au4
skfsjdfksdf
Firefox: woohoo
hey Allegr0
Garretbrony: NO LINKS DURING STREAM
Garretbrony, take it to #Vinyl_Scratch
Hi Allefr0
wtf?
Allegr0: smashing
lol, so many heys :P
Garretbrony: Go to #vinyl_scratch to ask
o__o
dafaq
what
LO ITS ME
xD
dafuq is dis
dafuq.........
What...the...
Spectrum_Rush: cool cool beans
somebody trollin
lol
Allegr0: That tab fail it happens pretty much everyday between me and ponibas :P
there are some good dub/drumstep songs, just most of the mdon't take advantage of the bass that much
O_O
Dr. Rabbit?
....?
CHildReN CARTOONS = wtf
/me dusts Allegr0
http://i.imgur.com/HthXy.png
All these annotations.
oh dear god
masturbate?
this girl its me
XD
oh
this rabbit...kill it with fire
agreed
now play inspector brushie
Where's his ballooon?
Vordox why that is a healthy part of growing up
"NO bitch, I aint go no toofbrush!"
I cant read it fast enough
TEEEFS
TECHNO MUSIC JUMPSCARE XD
Garretbrony: Explain why almost EVERY Children Cartoon is "WTF"? P
Ok. Now I go :P
:P
Rubbit Gay
:
silly rabbit,(pulles out mossberg 500) tricks are 4 kids! *BOOM*
O.o
...
he is going to rape you kid......
WHAT THE fuuu
xD
fun fact plaque is bacteria "waste"
Didn't Nittany_Discord make a request and ask that the annotations be turned off? I wonder if this is what he requested?
...
Garretbrony cause they aren't My little Pony Friendship is Magic
we skipped for this?
I'm LOVING these annotions
:D
WTF
I think whoever's streaming is trying to say something to the community ;)
lul
I like the older dr. rabbit more
hahahhahahahahhah
the annotations XD
PENIS :O
lol
Vordox I want the rabbit replaced by Colgate
im kinda glad that my dentis did not show me this video or i will have nightmares
00,03brushi burshie brushie
Sonic: ...THATS NO GOOD
use a fork
wTF
ahahaha
Garretbrony: Give it time....
PENIS XD
hahHhHHHHHHAHAHAHA
....
xD
:O
Floss away the hate
he's way too excited about this
because she's too stupid to do it herself
THAT RABBIT IS A SPY
Kill him
xD
wouldn't it be weird for a human sized rabbit telling you to brush your teeth?
yea
Vordox at walmart I saw a toothbrush with pinkie pie on it
lol
Garretbrony: XD
this girl is weird
that's why she needs an imaginary rabbit to tell her what to do
oh god! a song!
/me has no cavities
/me stares
Garretbrony: O_O
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Shhhh I am hunting wabbits
I never will
LOL
hmm I don't have a heart but I have a concious weird
iv not been to the dentist in 6 years
is that rabbit a man or.....
oh look
elmer fudd, we got you a rabbit to hunt
lol garret
i still have teeth
wy are we watching a rabbit peto
We need the dentist song from Little Shop of Horrors next
We make holes in the teeth, we make holes in the teeth.
im so scared
;_;
Oh yes, hold him tighter...
oh the rabbit is a toy?
Scoot-Scootaloo SHHH be vewwy quiet I am hunting wabbits uh huh uhu hu huh u
XD
um...where exactly did he jump into?
StaticCloud, first he was a man. Then he was a rabbit man.
also, please don't answer that
ANOTHER ONE?!
BUCK AGAIN!?
alexxm he was a doill the whole time
Then he was just a rabbit.
:O
ahahha
whoop alexxm , sorry
meh , fuck my teeth , ill just get an augment once the start to fail
dat PAranormal activity ending xd
Tim Buckley xD
he was just the girls rabbit toy
:D
which she sleep with
Bum Tickley does it again
erm...
BUCKER -.-
wow...
call in batman, only he can stop this menace
NIDORINO :D
xD
The Rabbit is teaching her the technique she will use most often when she gets older.
argasm.net?
orsm orgasm !? :O
hes teaching all about her mouth...
...wendy's training video?
orgarsm?
xD
Okay what, the hell.
YESSSSSSSSS
I'm going to bed now 4 hours of sleep is not enough
ORGASM.NET
oh man...punch cards
hahahahahah yea
Ohai RAWRity.
whatever happened to stupidvideos.com?
cocked in?
BrokenCanary: oh hai.
orgsm.net
learn grill beyotch
y so...broken?
CHEEZ
bum warmer?
!!!!
You dirty-minded bronies.
yea nice website -.-
XD
People who watch Spoony know what's coming up
I like warm buns...
Remember, this is meant to pull in customers
later on the place will get burned to the ground
I LIKE TRAINS
seems legit
Training tape?
do I smell a music video?
Vordox: no, this is a training video
WUBWUBWUBWUB
Vordox: for new employees
RAWRity: Train to.... Grill...?
Dubstep VIdeO?
this makes me want to watch hot drinks
Training to rape !? :O
Seriously?
what
O_O
The picture of a penis...looks awfully lot like a sassuage.
O.o
terminator, the begining
TO COOK BURGERS
Vordox: you'll see how complex it is.
O_O
MY WIFE
O____________O
YOU ARE SO HIGH RIGHT NOW
TRAINING VIDEO MY ARSE :D
whats happening
demonic tv burn it!
kill it kill it with fire
Wenys's Trainign video about Hot Drinks is amazing
DAMN RIGHT!
WTFORK IS GOING ON?
dang, I hate when the microwave crosses dimensions
Horror
/me dances
WTF nigguh
So uh...
Lil_B, I know
Dken I agree...
|Yes this is a REAL Wendy's training video
Dont do drugs kids
....Wut
...
the hippest grill in the hood!
FUCK DA POLICE
Wendy's must be a great place to work
is.. his shirt... bedazzled?
I think there's a gas leak in that restaurant.
NICEEEEE RAPING XD
Rap bout da burgers!
run dude! hes going steal ur soul!
JESsmith71 really?
I take great solace in knowing that I don't ever want to see this crap off of youtube. With that I leave
lay them down
rapeing
O_O
xD
Wendy's training videos are awesome
MAH BAI
Reikim that would explain the hallucinations
BOI
im here 2 help u get hoes,
dat coke?
I like this though
WHAT THE HELL DID I WALK INTO? hey every pony!
It was part of a series in the late 80s or 90s where the training videos were music videos
modern traning videos need more music videos
true dat
Dont touch me motherfu**** ~ Pinkie Pie from PARTY.MOV XD
Who is streaming this?!?!
So much fat...
:o
Every thing from pouring the drinks and everything
So much SQUARES
Those patties don't look good at all.
omg
kill it kill it with fire
O.o
demons!
OMG
hahaha
nightmare fuel
:O:O:O:O:O:OP:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:OO:O:O::O:O
Firefox, Tommy Wisueu says if funnier.
MY FACE :O
Vordox it's not all fat :P
:O
This kid is SO high
:O:O:O:O:O:O:O
so... is this some kind of trining video?
6_9
MDL high octane nightmare fuel
DONT PRESS EM AGAIN
i told u he will steal his soul!
i really want a muffin right now...
THE POWER OF FAT GUYS XD
This is soooo laaaaaaame :D
I knew I shouldnt have eaten those cocaine burgers last night...
Drain teh meat
:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[
Those are horrible, horrible burgers.
Don't scrape the grill, we want it wet you see, we scrape of the grease and put it in the chili!
11,01Kandarihu: The Sweetie Belle Made Punch video.
be cool
okey.
:S :S :S
Nittany_Discord, okay.
USE
:S :S :S :S
CLEAn
GLOVES
rmemeber a rap? even I can't do that
I love this. XD
SUPER MEAT BOY
THE BEGINING
No gloves?
i didnt evan catch what that dude evan staid
Owo
:{
:[
:[:[
eyyy, cracka learnin the ways
StinkomanFan: i love that game!
xD
hello
the hell thought this was a good idea
oh those are burgers?... i thought it was tailor ham
StinkomanFan this song should be on the sound track to super meat boy
XD
They salt the patties?
lali-ho pony62886
WTF IS GOING ON!?
Alright!
Actually, pressing the meat makes it lose flavor
Rev up those friers!
SLAP THIS SLAP
normal to salt meat, something about flavor
Firefox: A leasson
Bad memory...
Firefox, this is a Wendy's training vid from the late 80s/early 90s
ya know squishing the burgers loses all its juicyness
Reikim, Salt is a flavor inhancer
Wendy's hamburgers: flattening out the surface area of the burger to make it look bigger since 1969.
they summoning the bugger demon
TRUE
Those are not real burgers. I have seen real burgers. Those are not real burgers.
TRUE STORY :D
these dont look like good patties... aren't they supposed to be round? well, except i have seen some square ones at some places
SHIT!
