Looked llike a light in the darkness of shitty CoD games
still does :'(
Like you wouldn't do it
Except BO2 that looks good
Ghost30k: well..tf2
I've only seen one part of Plague Dogs.
And it's insanely depressing
Bronysith: But that games been out for years
so any pony excite for X-COM enemy unkown by firaxis?
Ghost30k: yes. but it is fantastic still and doesnt need constant sequels
Quick_Thinker: oh yes :)
Some hunter finds one of the dogs and it's all happy
/me smiles, "Sorry, been rough...but I promise, if youbor any other pony is in trouble...ill be there to help...."
other then of course der riese
True fact there
build a resort on top of a mountain for a guy afraid of hights wat?
The he climbs in his hands and bumps his rifle
which actully did excist
and it blows off the guys face.
...Shit was terrifying
nice color scheme hitler. You have the visionary coloration of dog.
:D
der riese was used to hide a rumored experimentel projects like Die Glocke
>Find dead body
>Take gun
"Back home huh? Where did you live before you came here?"
> sell it on Ebay
Fallout 3 all over again
nice view
must haz pistol!
Take Hilter's home, get drunk. I can agree.
it looks beatuiful
Look at that view.
stand fast solider
...I wonder where Hitler's gun is now
Barbetos: Hell I'd wanna do that everyday just to spite Hitler
who knows
VACATION IN THE EAGLES NEST
V-day.
Maybe the Smithsonian?
11,01VE day.
wait where is hitler buired?
the thought never occured to me
Im sorry :I
11,01We were still at war with Japan.
^
Nittany_Discord: what a day :)
Quick_Thinker: he isnt.
Ghost30k I guess I am spiting Hitler right now. XD
Quick_Thinker. Nopony knows, the Russians took him
((Hey Coruscate ))
huh
/me quickly hammers the soft metal into shape, flattening and pressing the shoe over the anvil. "Well... I come from a canine country across the ocean, it's called Oilana."
/me nods and smiles a little relieved "Oh that's good then."
wow........
BOOZE
whats making him surprised can someone tell me oh that
wow
Holy crap
woah
just...woah
Hitler killed his dog before his died
Sweet celestia.........
IM GONNA GET DRUNK OFF THIS #$%#
wwwwwwwwwwwwooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwww
this must be Kim Jong Il's bunker
O_O Holy cow that's alot of wine - more than one could drink in a lifetime
StinkomanFan: okay, that is also bucked up.
Because he feared what they'd do to his dog
Don't tell Berry Punch >_>
I took Berry Punch to a Winery once
man thats a whole lot of cider *WINK WINK* *NUDGE NUDGE* *HINT HINT*
StinkomanFan: and maybe he had every reason to do so.
11,01I took Winery to a berry punch once.
She was like a waterbed when she came too
How did that go, StinkomanFan :)
:D Nice
soldiers useing skis to fight sounds fucking epic
/me nods, "Yea, im a good one I still think..."
Quick_Thinker: saynomore saynomore?
silly soldiers what about Japan?
You know one thing I'd never do?
what?
I wouldn't fight a doctor
win a war, get b*tches
Guten Toch, Ladies
StinkomanFan: why?
Cypresswolf: I thought it was Guten Tag?
War maybe hell, but it can have rewards
Doctors know more ways to kill a man than most assassins
StinkomanFan: eeyup
:) it probably is, otakon1
"A Canine country...?"
/me blinks
Stinkoman: medical? or else what if gordon freeman got up in your stuff?
adasdad, Medical
/me looks up from his work. "Something wrong, Mirage?"
:D
this must had been awkward as hell
Dark92Enigma: ikr?
Most people would use a brick on the skull
A doctor would hit you in the neck and watch you choke on your blood
pacific war was more terrible than europeon = /
In self-defense, naturally
"You said Canine right? As in... dogs?"
/me "Think, or know?"
StinkomanFan: glass marble, shoved in mans, you know, hole and smacked with a hammer. they bleed to death through there
points huh ? the army had a point system?
StinkomanFan: i forget where i heard this but it disturbs me
:D
"That's right, dogs." He smiles as he strikes the steel, looking up to Mirage between hits
/me adasdad House: ''Do i hit him again?''
"I didn't think dogs would be able to have their own country..."
poor deer
DEER!
Doctors man. You do NOT FUCK WITH MEDICS
AIM FOR THE HEART!
FOR THE HEART!
/me cocks his head. "Huh?"
Lol
FOR THE HART!
fuclk
((Hi Berry and Crimson ))
"I didn't think dogs could be that intelligent to have their own country."
(( heya ))
no one got the joke
Hey Nelaj )
Dark92Enigma: "I just found him here, lying on the floor with a bump on his head. pretty sure it's lupis."
lol lottery
/me raises his brow. He pauses his hammering for a moment. "Couldn't be..." He cocks his head and chuckles, returning to his owrk. "What would make you think that?"
HOORAY
adasdad ''And i solved the case!''
"Think."
YAAAAY
wat movie is this?
thats gotta suck
ChronoClutch: Band of Brothers and its a television series not a movie bro /)
again.
Shouldn't that statement ended in again?
I remember this one story about this Vietnam soldier who stole another guy's army tags and pretended to be a medic
i heard
I BEAT THE MLP FIM theme on HARD on Step Mania YEAH :)
bout dat
/me gets up and sits next to him curious "Why?"
He did medicinal work for years without even going to medical school
11,01Yay Quick_Thinker
u have achieved life
thanks discord
gg
and thanks ChronoClutch
And the only reason he was caught was because when he went home the guy's wife didn't recognize him
/me sighs, "just....stuff... I want to be good...have the right intention ....but I screwed up."
and killed
goddammit
Wow..
/me "How?"
anyway, I'm off to bed
.. Of all the things to get some one, it has to be a drunken bastard after a war ends... sorta
What an insult.
before I get yelled at for being up on the PC too long
night otakon1
00,10dem mash endings
so, night all take care
Night otakon1
00,10put em on a buss
hwo's stream?
next im tackling Evil Enchantres Eurobeat
night, otakon1
LETS DO THIS
"The only dogs I've ever seen are ones that bark at eachother at night in some alleyway or get walked on leashes through the city."
/me 7hugs Fairith)
Quick_Thinker: leeeroy jeeeeeeeenkins
THANK YOU WHOEVER WAS STREAMING! IT WAS GREATLY APPRECIATED!
and I'm out.
/me hugs Coruscate )
dat random hug.)
"Ha!"
/me curls up with Coruscate to keep him... cool?)
Flashback
i failed XD
...sooo then
/me chuckles a bit as he hammers. "No, these dogs are very much smart, and look different then those ones."
LETS DO IT AGAIN NEVER GIVE UP
/me takes a drink "tried all my life to save ponies and keep them safe...."
"Oh really?" she asks "How do they look?"
Ladies and gentlemen)
Good night guys.
FAILED AGAIN BUT I'LL NEVER STOP
11,01Night StinkomanFan
And then Shamroc rode the rainbow bridge back to ice cream city.
((Hi Flaria ))
no i didnt
(Hey...)
(Bit nauseated atm, will be afk)
/me hugs Flaria "Get well soon then."))
Evil zombie sheep.. o_o
/me "I see. So did you...give up?"
GNIGHT EVERYPONY and as always. MAY THE FORCE be with you all and pierce the heavens with your drill!
i got further but still failed LET DO IT AGAIN CHARGE
As always. Night Bronysith
11,01Night Bronysith
http://derpy.me/MTkij
"Oh so they're like those human creatures kind of?"
/me shakes his head, "No I killed somepony. "
night Bronysith
RX-78-SweetieBot, baw thread?
that was sad for pinkie
but at least she knows that even in dark times there is still hapiness somewhere
ded
NEIN!
/me 's eyes go wide "...oh." He now knows his curiosity led him somewhere where he doesn't want to be. But there's no turning back now
I want dem goggles.
YEAH I WON
Won what?
evil enchantress Eurobeat Step mania
on hard
Step mania?
/me scratches his belly as he props himself up on a table. "What creatures? They're sort of like gnolls if you've ever seen one..."
ok that discharge is ironicly given by a guy who is disabled
if that kills them then damn
wath
oh damn he actually died
Wow, Hey everyone. c: Who missed Dismo?
Angeerrrr
Its always the dumb crap that gets me/
=P
time to do the CMC theme in dubstep for Step mania HARD MODE
11,01Hey Dismo.
LETS DO THIS
Dismo: Sup bro /)
/me takes a drink, shaking his head.
;n; ... Nobody missed the D word?
FAILED XD BUT I WILL GO ON
Hey Nittany_Discord c:
WOAH
=|
BOOM HEADSHOT
that bullet curve..
/me "W-why did you...?"
he's gonna die damn
"I don't know what that is actually... Humans are these mythical creatures and you make these wolves sound just like them. In any case, that sounds really interesting."
im back:)
oh hello appledash6
Way to help medic...
/me sets his head down, "I was forced too. Look kid, I don't want to talk about this. Just know that i didnt want too."
i know a short cut yah?
and then he gets the shit beat out of him
Shamroc: Dam right >:3 You shoot one of your own you get your flank beat.
/me frowns "Oh...Sorry for budding into places I shouldn't. I...I'm usually cheery you know."
Spears.
dayum
"Hm." He takes off his cap and puts it on the table, rubbing at his shaved mane. "I don't know too much, so I never heard of humans. Gnolls though, nasty folk. Walking hyenas, wanna..." He shakes his head. "Bad things." He shrugs off his apron. "But yeah, canines are very familiar to me. I'm sure there's at least one in Equestria."
/me dances
Finish him....
DeathStar: honestly the worst time dear...
6_9 derp to the :P
Your not worth the damn ammo....
"I wouldn
oops )
heh)
100+ Paragon points
Shamroc: oops...
DeathStar: <3
Death would of been too good for that guy,
/me sighs, "I am...or, was too...."
He gave him a worse fate.
Is it alright if we cut off around 2? I can go on, but I don't want to sleep all day, ya know?)
/me ask Deathstar to site down and not dance during scenes like this
Someone's getting the shit beat out of them, I think
AttackPony: He shot one of his own in the head nearly killing him in a drunken fit.
Liokin: Mmm.
my streams not working so I didn't know :(
AttackPony: So they beat the breaks off of him.
/me winces at the impact
oh sorryt then :$
/me "Oh..."
DeathStar...you can dance when the shows over dear
it's okay DeathStar
Shamroc: okey ^^
Yeah I have to get to bed soon too. )
DeathStar: Its ok deathstar ^-^ you were just doing what you do no harm in that :3
Liokin: I couldn't do it. I don't have the heart or the mentality to od it
We can finish the conversation and leave or put it on pause )
TheGreatAndPowerfulT....hmm
Shamroc what ? :p
not sure
/me shrugs "Don't let me get you down though....just ....just stick to white magic. Hurting ponies is no fun..."
Pausin sounds coo)
Im off to bed - Thanks for the stream - Goodnight Everypony
Night, cyber_pony13
Night cyp--aand he's gone
evening everypony
AttackPony: After seeing the camp I would have gone completely hollow inside. But Barbetos was right death is too good for him. Plus the guy he shot survived. So the ass whoopen willl have to suffice.
Morning, Canadian_Brony
hey Canadian_Brony
Well time for sleep. I'll see ya in the morning.
Shamroc bad pun or just not my best drawing so far ?
Night, Barbetos
Barbetos: Later bro /)
g'night Barbetos
HEY EVERYPONY! :p
"I wouldn't be suprised if there is one, seeing there's a whole contry full of them." she kicks her hooves back and forth watching hammer.
hi Ponies47
Hey, Ponies47
hey Ponies47!
Ponies47: Sup ya' little colt /)
i dont know what your even talking about
what are watching tonight?
/me "...Okay. I'll keep that in mind."
/me 11,01suns
I feal so wubbed <3
Canadian_Brony: Band of brothers
This speech <3
Nittany_Discord . . . what?
Liokin: (\ Nothing much. You?
Shamroc uhmmm ... >.>
This scene.
hey Ponies47 sorry im a bit late (i was playing Step manai at the gala
Liokin still? Wow, how many parts are there?
Canadian_Brony: 10
Canadian_Brony: Final Ep on now.
/me refills his drink. "I need to just forget right now..."
k thx bro
Ponies47: WUB wubububuh buh WAAHwahh woooWOOWOO WEEwoo
/me smiles to Mirage as he hangs his apron. "Still seems funny hearing that they aren't smart..." He takes a breath and looks around the work room, eyes falling on the swords for a moment. He looks back to Mirage. "My day's work is done."
Canadian_Brony: It's a good history film. It also teaches a few life lessons...heh.
Quick_Thinker: It's cool
it looks good though
/me gets up "Okay then. See ya."
darn is at the Gala 20% cooler hard
waitin for that one of me and scootaloo......also...please make it current gen scoots...cause you'd be the one to mess with me like that
so what are we watching after this?
/me nods sadly.
man even the TV show is telling me to go to bed XD
Why not both ?
Liokin Canadian history is boooorrring. Social Studies 10 is about the Aboriginals and British
HAPPY (late 6_9 ) 4TH OF JULY!!!
ow yer ny nun is gonna kill me cuz i just cost her $200 on ebay
mum*
/me curls up somewhere or something and stuff perhaps
/me goes to his room and gets into bed
Canadian_Brony: Ahh, a conasouer of history. That was a good film as well. the weapons were much more rustic though so casualty was about as common as a cold.
JRP2234[Web]: What'd you do?
ebay
/me is curled up with Fairith because reasons
because.....
hello?
11,01On what?
has anypony been called gay 4 watching mlp?
JRP2234[Web]: What'd you byy?
Liokin . . . wut?
/me rests his head on Flaria
:(
brought a offical derpy and zecora glow in the dark thing
Canadian_Brony: Sorry chat derped on me. i was talking about the war of 1812.
/me gets out of her seat and smiles "Oh it is?" she looks at the swords and the shoes "Nice work Hammer."
appledash6, a large majority have, yes.
should i get the brony shirt or the yay shirt
Liokin I see. There's going to be a movie about it too. I saw a trailer for it in the theatre today. The movie will be called "The War of 1812"
/me nods and rubs the back of his neck. "Thanks. Just in a day's work, really."
/me eyes Crescent quietly, sitting patiently and calmly in Flarias grasp
this is where we got our national anthem
Canadian_Brony: wow what a twist on the title who made it M knight? -lol
appledash6 the reason I never hear about it is because the first openly admitting brony in my school is a badass
Liokin tell me about it
bronyism
any pony on XBL see that spelunk is NOW ON THE ARCADE?
"So um... what are you gonna do now?"
Goodnight everyone.
my sister's name is Grace . . .
I LOVE SPELUNKY
good night
g'night Cobellanez
/me glomps rain
g'night Fluttershy13
/me hugs Sumica ^_^
night Fluttershy13
night Cobellanez
evening Rain
iam 100% south korean
he bought the farm
lol Dick Winters xD
/me 11,01hugs Rain and gets wet
Carwood
What a first name
nice discord
whats up
/me Drys Nittany_Discord
evening spikelover
how is everyone
Morning, spikelover
night were im at
final ep, Sumica?
afternoo
/me taps a hoof. "I usually take a bit of time to practice, but I don't want to frighten anyone." He nervously chuckles. "So I don't konw what I'm going to do."
spikelover I am feeling lazy
00,10yeah, but Caramel is streaming
#RoomOfChaos
just sayin'
so am i
didnt see that one coming
11,01Colt_Discord: No channel advertising, please.
Should be you and G4 scootaloo running from the gaze of 3.6 scootaloo
11,01Missed him.
Fluttershy #1
dat hit and run
i just started to come on this site and just wondering what are all the clips on the side about
9.9/10
MLP FiM season 3 \
100/10
yay LoL
9000/10
11,01Too bad I missed the middle parts of this.
so is the pony show good
DeathStar: i belive it is appropriate dance time now
/me dances on Shamroc s head "YAY!"
spikelover: Wait your not a brony?
Shamroc: everypony dance now! (BER BER BER BERT)
DISCORD YEAH
ok if we are gonna dance i need to listen to some pony things (wait nvm i can still dance to this)
theres so many pixels
WHY IS MLP so addictive
geting a bit laggy
i watched like 5 episodes and just wanted to see what people think
^
TheKoreanBrony1354 cuz it's awesome like that
yeah thats.....weird
11,01I like the show.
why
"Crescent" leans against the wall of Flaria's room, sighing.
no clue i love it cause it give most people hope that hte world is not such an ass hat to me
no offenced
lllllllaaaaaaaggggggg
seriously the world sucks
who's streaming?
11,01It's a quality cartoon.
that too
Francisco Happy (yes my name is Francisco)
Fluttershy #1
screw LoL, dota FTW!
lol good reason
spikelover I have written a multi-paragraph about why the show is good
i have dota 2 :D
I need no more details
but i dont play it often
Dota 2 is more better
Quick_Thinker: me too. DOTA is best whatevergenreitis.
lets see it
"Frighten? How would smithing practice frighten anypony?"
Dota by Basshunter :D
Dat Discord
well its just an opinion of a game just like people mixed up feeling of ponys
spikelover MLP: FiM is aired on Bronystate during Friday Movie Night and Euro Movie Night
"Oh, I mean my swordplay." He nods to the pair.
lol surrender
funniest thing i stoped my mom from looking like an ass when she had to do a TV news report at brony con
/me Stares at spikelover "You will join us. You will join the herd" @_@ "Why do I like the show? I like it because it's good, nice animation, good stories, and you can realate yourself back to the charcters and for a bunch of other reasons. But YOU WILL JOIN THE HERD" @_@
ok thats sweet who is your favorite character
man, i'm a sucker for accordian.
((G'night everypony.!))
spikelover Rainbow Dash is best pony
night jj)
i have joined the herd now LET US STAMPEDE
should i get the brony shirt or the join the herd shirt
Gnighters )
i cant get either right now im broke
TheKoreanBrony1354: Get both if you can.
i want a brony shirt though
why
and im sure hot topic has them
Y U NO BUFFER FASTER
They do
good to know
ah man i LOVE this song :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qXKd7uuehlw be warned it is ingerman or dutch I'm not sure the name of the language but it is a song about dota
well, Im off for my final exam. brb in a couple of hours.
the hay
neve heard this song?
Sketch_Toku_Brony: WHO DOESN'T? :d
Good luck, Alchemist
/me sniffs the air quietly, keeping his gaze locked on Crescent out of sheer curiosity at the moment.
good luck Alchemist
thanks :) cya!
has anypony played Spiderman Total Mayhem on iOS? man is it fun :$
ok well see ya bye
still waiting for a dota mod that adds the mane 6 as classes
I would be headbanging, but I just got my haircut. So short compared to what it used to be
ironically, it's still kinda long
i think i may have started a fight with dota and lol but ehhhhh
/me Hasen't had a haircut in a while :P
Ponies47 I get my haircut every 10 months, maybe longer
Canadian_Brony: O_O
me either Ponies47
ill get them both
Ponies47 I'm just glad my mother doesn't give me a Bowl Cut. That's just . . . eesh . . .
Yeah thats enough for tonight Hammer )
/me Likes his hair long
We need sleep )
and where them at the same time
aight)
Night Mirage, shipper)
but i colored it to look like Twi's and surprisngly it looks preety cool accoding to people at school THAT IS TILL I TELL THEM WHO I GOT IT FROM XD
Canadian_Brony: Ikr? *Shivers*
I get a haircut whenever I'm tired o hair and this time around I'm letting it grow out (a little bit of a bad idea though it's summer)
Goodnight Hammer /) and everyone )
(\)
Quick_Thinker: WHY DID YOU TELL EM! O_O
they asked
/me says the warrior's prayer and heads off to battle against the sandstallion)
Lightning-Quill I wear a ballcap
brb
/me smacks Hammer|Fell for the pun)
I have no idea what a ballcap is
MOOOOOOOP|
Lightning-Quill http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/eb/Baseball_cap.jpg
ballcap AKA baseball cap
or a softcap
omfg such loud fireworks exploding outside my house right now
i can hear them over the music
I can't pull off hat except maybe a fedora
man is at the Gala 20% cooler remix hard i made it all the way to Twi's bit then finally crasehd BUT I WILL NEVER GIVE UP
League of Legends?
YEAH EQUESTRIAN GIRLS :D
anyway, HI :)
Hell yeah
BRONYs shout out made me jump
I WAS LIKE WAIT WAHT
I've been silent or so long I sound odd when I speak out loud
once we party well damn i wanna party with them no XD
...Hi? :)
:p
Hi
:D
Hi
vsdih0wusfvhuhwefuifgi8wyegf8yweg7we mHOLYSHIT
Quick_Thinker I don't get The Hub. I watch MLP on Youtube, but when I saw this, I was all like *heart.exe exploded*
hi ACS13123
STREAM FROZE FOR ME AND IT JUST UN FOZE\
/me is playing mother 3
/me spittake
well i saw it on the stream when the showed pony stuff
RIP headphone users
/me Jimmy
We go from Equestria Girls to some guy screaming
JESUS CRIST my heart
And ohey ACS13123
can we go back to ponies my ears and haert hurts ;C
Rain that's me. I made the mistake of drinking Coca-Cola too . . .
lawl
Quick_Thinker never . . . EVER . . . complain about the stream
Rain: I always turn the volume to 1 bar when I join, and I use headphones
13rain rain~<3
/me giggles. "Nini everyone")
My little sister showed me the Equestrian girls video because she was on the Hasbro website * somehow I got my sister to watch the show she loves it)
/me hugs Shizuka <3
13<33
Lightning-Quill my sister watches MLP on Treehouse. They show 1 episode every weekend, and it's either "Stare Master", "Show Stoppers", or "Return of Harmony-Part 1"
nothing else
I got to admit though I do not like BronyDanceparty their music is too dark for my taste *yes my thought sare always changeing)
I saw all the episodes of MLP on Dailymotion bad quality though
:| freakin Charter always screwin up...
11,01Not sure if my depression will stop.
Nittany_Discord why you depressed?
now Discord turn that frownie upside downy
sup everypony
pootis
/me glomps Ninjazz
found you!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mNrXMOSkBas this might make you smile it cheers me right up
o__o;
/me hugs Canadian_Brony back
Bro Hoof
LMAO I found you by accidant
11,01Lightning-Quill: It does.
*accident
**spelling?**
proper is good
Yay I helped :D
grammer* lol
/me doesn't give a *yay* about spelling
anypony read that article on MSN talking about some Hargons something and they might find an alternete dimension?
don't you mean buck :D
fluttershy my favorite
Lightning-Quill *yay* can be used to replace sh*t
I just watched green isnt your color for the 3rd time
if we do please for the love of clestia let it be Equestria
or some such bull*yay*, I don't know
yay?
yes
:D
yay
What the Yay
flying yay
TheKoreanBrony1345 Lightning-Quill it's "*yay*", not "yay"
there is a difference
*yay*?
holy buck scientist DISCOVERED THE GOD PARTICLE WHAT
-_(\
:(
11,01Supposedly.
:$
FLUTTERSHY IS NUMBER 1 IN MY BOOK
11,01They need to go find the graviton.
it will take years of research to confirm
true that
done
Nittany_Discord if it's even possible. It's all just in theory, remember.
11,01Gravitons aren't actually part of the standard model.
whens season 3
Theoretical Science is too theoretical for me
fudge
whens season 3
well if they can find that then we can have ALTERNATE DIMENSION OPENED UP YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSs
11,01I've been out of science too long.
TheKoreanBrony1354 around the time i start school again. September-ish
11,01I want to get back in.
oh
There's that word. I don't think people know what "theory" is intended to mean.
first things first scientist find Equestria it exist as does a fallout dimension
Wait i cant wait that long without seeing fluttershy:(
CK|Basara Theoretical Science is too theoretical for me. I'm more interested in factual science
cold, hard facts
11,01Theory: Unproven scientific fact.
So you don't believe in gravity, then.
twilight knows alot of science
Then download desktop ponies and spawn Fluttershy or get a fluttershy wallpaper
11,01A proven scientific fact is a law.
( this is my 1st time playing mother 3) oh wow! the mom dies already >_> just as fast as mia died in phoenix wright 6_9
Because gravity is just a theory.
YOUR RIGHT
:P
MY LITTEL PONY IS MY IPOD WALLPAPER
11,01There are laws of gravity.
in fact eveything at any moment has a alternate unverse where things happen for instance in this one i eat some food (in another dimension i may not and it goes off from there)
11,01Or a law.
There are laws within gravity.
Nittany_Discord therefore, it is a law for me to never admit into sanity or I will lose it.
. . . I think I just made a paradox . . .
But the concept of gravity is a theory, in the proper sense of the word, meaning "it's EXTREMELY likely to be true but cannot be 100% verified".
CAN U LIKE SIGN UP FOR BRONYSTATE
Rather than what people SEEM to think "theory" means, that being "it's just a guess"
11,01You can sign up for our newsletter.
HOWS FEATHER WEIGHT THE HEAD OF NEWS PAPER CLUB
Ah, here's the bit I was looking for.
"Scientific theories are the most reliable, rigorous, and comprehensive form of scientific knowledge, in contrast to more common uses of the word "theory" that imply that something is unproven or speculative."
11,01But laws trump theory.
11,01Scientific laws.
11,01Laws of motion. Laws of thermodynamics.
can we get pony music please?
or at least some happier tunes?
WITH EVERY action there a reaction
I have theories but not really scientific just Philosophical (I pretty much have a philosophical point of view in life)
11,01Don't start telling the streamer what to stream.
for instance im typing that typing goes to this chat
Laws are simply statements of behavior within certain parameters. Many of those laws operate within theories.
does everyone here beleive in god i do
i dont
not science
nope
i belvie in science
Yes I believe in God
inb4 *ponies*
i believe in ponies
lol
dmni
t
as well as ponies
same bronyism
11,01I do, but let's not start a religious discussion.
Also Ponies
bronyism
muhahaahah
Quick_Thinker: You really muct be a quick thinker if you don't stop to think about telling the stream what to do
The laws of gravity all operate within the overall theory of gravity, that doesn't mean the laws overrule the theory because they only are true IF the theory of gravity itself is accurate. So laws and theories operate with each other, they're not a strict hierarchy. :P
derp a derp
so do streamers ever stream episodes of mlp fim? or is there a place for that???
If ou are interested look up the hollow planet theory
gtg
bye evry pony
ChronoClutch yes, during Movie Night
Bye
g'night TheKoreanBrony1354
yeah dismo i just was feeling a bit blue by the music but thats not a good excuse
I am a Canadian 2
ChronoClutch /)
Ontario is where I am eeyup
11,01We stream ponies. Just not always.
Northwestern BC
heard its nice up there
Anyways, sorry, but that misuse of "theory" always makes me twitch. XP
11,01It's way late here. I'm going to bed.
It's 1:28 am here. Should I sleep or should I stay?
Amerucan :D
ChronoClutch not currently. Rain, rain, clouds, and more rain. Percipitation, not the Brony
Let's see. Just three more playthroughs and I'll have unlocked Oda Nobunaga. Just....three more. ;_;
in what game?
Canadian_Brony: I love rain :P
>_>
yeah sorry for the whole telling what the streamer to do its my fault and i derped
ChronoClutch rain can be good, but cloud cover is annoying
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Sengoku Basara 3. Damn game is gonna take me forever to 100%. ._.
grey skies all week long
Canadian_Brony: I have an interest in depressing tones
man is Step mania At the gala 20% cooler tough still cant get past twi's part
Oh, my bad.
so cloud cover and stuff I like a lot more than sunny days
I thought we had music playing, my mistake,
But I suppose a bunch of screaming Orcs is fine.
ChronoClutch everyone has their own tastes. The best thing I can name about Cloud Cover is an excuse not to do yardwork
lol
Good *looks at clock* um morning everypony I going to take a 10 hr nap see you all then. :)
evening Dovah
Dovah: adios :P
have a nice nap
has anyone played the Rythm Thief demo? man its fun :)
wats dat???
Sketch_Toku_Brony sounds fun. What is it?
oh god
i youtubed it
not for me :)
ChronoClutch what type of game is it?
I do not play those types of games they irritate me: WOW LOL etc
like a ddr i looked like
ya a lot of ppl dont realize this but LOL causes more anger then fun
i have a bunch of friends i play with
who can only have fun when they win
I play TF2 alot
i used to play fps and tps all the time
i lost interest eventually kind of like for LOL
i only play league cuz my friends play and I am a ringer
man still can't get past Twi's part in the Step Mania at the Gala 20% cooler
its this rythm based game coming to 3ds about this Thief named R (i think thats his name) and his dog Fondue trying to find this treasure left behind by R's father which leads to this conflict w/ a man claiming to be Napeolion resurrected,im totally gonna get it :)
Canadian_Brony: When I first started I played ever chance I got now I just l;ay back and play when I feal like it :)
*lay
*feel :P
ChronoClutch I used to be terrible at shooters in general. I started playing TF2 online and CoD with a friend, and I got a *yay*- load better
the demo is out now if ya wanna check it out along with KH 3D's demo as well
Canadian_Brony: i used to play halo 3 competively on the mlg circuit back when it was popular along with Rainbow Six Vegas 2
13i wasn't sleeping.. no..
FlareChaser Buck YEAH! :D
man i had a full wining bar and soon as i got to Twi's part it went POOF
and lost BUT I WILL NEVER GIVE UP HAVE AT YOU SONG
ChronoClutch I don't own a 360, and the last time I played Halo was Griffball on Reach
hehe, Griffball . . .
grifball is fun :P
I want to grow my hair out so i can headbang to music :D
Shizuka: well of course you werent
Lightning-Quill: my hair curls so I couldn't ever :(
gosh so silly
short hair for life
ChronoClutch I developed a good strategy. If a friendly is Griff, you can hit him in the back with a Gravity Hammer to send him flying half-way across the map
I used to have shoulder length hair but it slightly curls at the end
Lightning-Quill I got a haircut recently. She really thinned out my hair, so I can't headbang anymore
13no you're drunk, i don't have a problem oshifer..
Shizuka: never had a beer in my life...i think you need to sit down
I'm sorry to hear that. Good thing hair grows back
Lightning-Quill my hair was almost that long, but not quite
I should shave soon, to
*toio
**too
-_(\
13that laughing out loud on stream
eheheh i have long enoguh have so i decided to color it Twi's color and people liked it XD
BAAABAAAAAAAAABAAAAAABAAAAAABABA
shizu drinking cider again ?
13*hic*
I like my natural Dirty Blonde hair
I let my "beard" grow out during the summer. I don't really give a buck. Then school hits then I sort of care
in fact it's still colored like this
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: thats a yes..
and i have no regrets
it's non alcoholic cider ....
13don't believe anything he says
13HE WEARS CURLERS TO BED
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: GASP YOU DO! THATS JUST CREEPY
GUYS
SHOULD YOU BE BUYING STOCKS RIGHT NOW?
Shizuka talkin about shamrocs ?
brb
13i am not sure anymore..
Dirty Blonde hair is cool to have. Mine changes colour depending on the light and if it's wet
stocks?
Dismo calm down bro :p
also, I think I was playing tf2 with you earlier
I got dem brown hairs :)
Rain: You must have missed the Ad. :c
shizu needs to go to sleep
Dismo I steer well clear of the Stock Market
back :)_
you were a spy that got my spying thwarted
I've wanted to dye my hair but I don't like how colors turn out because I saw them on other people and fadeing happens
Rain: My nick would have been "Beyond"
Dismo, I have ad blocker
I dont have to sit through that stuffs
Rain: It was ON stream.
mrrrr
i am debating dyeing my hair black
Like, ON the streamers screen.
huh well i guess i got lucky mine only fades when i buck it up
oh well then my stream must have cut out when it happened
i agree with TheGreatAndPowerfulT.......
um no its still going
there's an ad?
I don't see no ad
Shizu....dear i think its time to go to sleep..
so quiet and boring today
It was there when he shcnaged the song
if i was to get a tatoo
wat should it be of?
Rain....shizu got drunk off non-alcohlic cider again.....
Bye guys :)
g'night ACS13123
bye ACS13123
bye
Canadian_Brony: Im in England, its 8am over here o_o
/me hugs Shizutipsy
13i don't have a problem ><
not night :p
if I was to get a tatoo where and wat should it be of???
OwO
ACS13123 so? I'm in Canada. It's 11:45pm here
Canadian_Brony: still... ok then
I am thinking Kirby
1 am almost 2
i get drunk on non alchoic cider (then again that barkeep did look fisht)
as I said, bye
and for the record im 16
perspective of time, bro. Now go enjoy the rest of your . . . crap, he's gone
-_(\
Shizuka....thats a blatent lie and you know it
2,14 and now I desire sleep
0,14...mfw it's almost 3 AM
g'night Caramel
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRg8rJUXwQc
well im off to bed cya everypony
Good nIght
g'night Sketch_Toku_Brony
mfw its not even midnight
mfw it's 2:00am
Mmm....
...hmm
2,14 that's very nice...but I don't have a cutie mark
Ohai Caramel :P
If I had a Cutie Mark, it would be a roll of duct tape
Caramel haven't found your special talent/wat makes you happy? Me neither :P
i think mine would be (realizes that playing video games isnt a a talent but studying them to be a video game maker is)
jk, I don't actually use Duct Tape much
got that log or still reading
yay desktopponie conga line
video games make me happy
Caramel now you do :p i didn't know so i added the trident :3 i'll keep that in mynd for the next time
Shizuka...are you ok?
i have many ideas for games buzizng in my head thats why develpoers play ton of games ot learns whats fun and whats not
what would a Cutie Mark look like if your special talent would be learning to adapt in life's hardships?
any ideas?
a clover
maybe
No stream? LET THE VIDEO LINKING BEGIN! :D
A ditto
Shizuka: Kamishima!! >:C
yes let it
XD
13euh?
well wat represents life???
a sapling
water
That's a hard one
Duct Tape!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ct_3_ZB3ohw&feature=related IT HAS BEGUN
I can't think of others :P
13yes that is my name...
Nature
13what about
then
0,14BUSTAH WOLF
Nothing, Just feel like a champ for spelling it
darnit SaxyPretender
0,14:3
my cutie mark would be Duct Tape! Durable, adaptable, and often misunderstood
Shizu....you need to do somthing...that doesnt involve drinking..
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gt5tgKyRh4 <- Here have some crazy Twilight with th Halloween theme :P
*the
. . . lemme re-word that last part
NO LINKS DURING STREAM!!!!!!!
>:C
often associated with stereotypes
what stream?
Dismo: THERE IS NO STREAM! :[
Dismo there is no stream, silly filly
^
WUT
Oh
(OwO)
I had it paused, RETURN TO REGULAR LINKING
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZMvGjtWidlY
Ponies47 heart.exe is not responding
I think my would be along the lines of either speech becasue my whenI speak everyone listen or something to do with my reading nature. Possibly writing as well
0,14off to bed, later dudes and dudettes
yo Canadian_Brony. Ya alright?
if i was to say as of now my cutie mark would be a tear drop I would be a sad pony cuz that is the way I am sad :P
cya SaxyPretender
Night SaxyPretender
Ponies47 . . . I think that video made me sane . . .
/me Pats Canadian_Brony on the head "Okie doki loki"
quick, shoot me in the face!
Canadian_Brony: No
with the party cannon?
ok, gotta go.........college tomorrow, long day ahead
Ponies47 okay, good. I'm not sane
Bye
g'night Dark92Enigma
Bye bye Dark92Enigma :)
not sure if val liked the pic, but oh well can't please everyone
/me waves goodbye
Canadian_Brony: Okie doki loki
ChronoClutch that would be prefered
who is next ....
anypony know where i can some PONY songs for Step mania?
u want youtube music?
i have a bunch a rlly like OwO
can't help you there, bro. Sorry
about ponies
13he hates bronies
13that's about all..
Meh
13believe me
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AHHOTDzWuM&feature=related i like this one :D
question...has anypony made an OC for Tom yet?
Shamroc Tom is a rock
DISH WASHET
TheGreatAndPowerfulT..well then there you go
wonder if it would be possible to clean dishes with sound?
sounds dumb but it may be possible
That would be epic
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sWldH_AGtA&feature=BFa&list=PLB27079BB81FD3C9E&shuffle=977712
13believe me, he complains about everything about the community
/me shrugs
ehh can't keep everyone happy :p
Shizuka...question...why is he here then? if he dislikes the majority of the community...why is he part of it?
hopefully, the final product won't need water
no sense in being a part of somthing that you hate
^maybe try my link I think it is danceable
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MK2iLnTR9V8 MAN IM EVIL
ha
13you got me..
i seen that
so in away, dishes can be cleaned with wubs
13he wants to know where you got his OC trixie
creepypasta is how i discovered mlp fim btw
cupcakes
nough said
Hmm?
13[1:59:09 AM] Val: someone took the time to do without asking me
should have asked directly to me :p and i took that time
ChronoClutch I could barely read "Rainbow Factory". I will never, EVER, read Cupcakes
I owe my friend he's the reason I'm a Brony
http://twentypercentcooler.net/forum/show/3797?page=4
13well ja he knows it was you that drew it
/me will most likely read "Cupcakes" eventually anyway
i has everyone OC's
OwO
there r fan made videos
i watched them
i just heard fox say something about and thought WELL FOX IS ALWAYS WRONG SO MLP FIM LETS CHECK DIS SHIT OUT (the first episode i saw was lesson zero and i got hooked on Twi from the start i have had mental breakdown in school realate things NOT FUN
huh didnt realize i made a wall XD
i ask first for a reason if he had told me he didn't want it i would haven't draw it
but he did not respond me
the first episode I watched was, well, the first episode. I remember the day so vividly
Confound these ponies all over my screen
so yeah i keep on drawing
The episode starts. The animation is good, VA was great, and then the title starts up
nope
yeah they get annoying some times trying to stop them all (i had 144 on screen once it was a nightmare)
I only have 23
I scream, pause the vid, turn around and run directly into my closed office door.
why did you scream?
13<3
^
wait Shizuka did you steal one of my hobo hearts?
I NEED THOSE
13i have these lying around
.....im watching you....and counting my hobos
my grip onto sanity is so strong and yet I wish I could let it go
actually the inly oc i don't have is rainbrodash
13do not count your hobos before they hatch
Honestly I related to Twilight the first episode but of course boy version
yeah as well as me
Quick_Thinker because I when the opening started, I didn't want to believe I was watching a show my 6-year-old sister watches. I believed I was sane up until then
13that is how the saying goes ja?
what do hobos hatch into?
13i am not sure...
13train conductors?
ah and annual idiots night has begun
I then down half a can of Coca-Cola to calm my nerves
....depends on what kind of hobo i guess
I am related to Pinkie Pie when she was a filly b4 her cutie mark
it is now just after midnight on the west coast, and some moron is firing off what I assume to be a pistol.
. . . I'm an idiot
oh oh i has a bottle of coke in the frigde...not canned BOTTLE
its awesome havnt had a bottle of coke in forevs
I never care
It's 2:05 AM here in the Midwest :)
I just tried to drink Coca-Cola from an un-opened can
I do what I want
12:05am here
3:06 am
sup?
and im 16 and like it and had a firm grip on sanity but i didnt resist i loved it the first character i saw twi from the first word she said i thought well damn thats a pony version of me but a female
That's not idiocy, Canadian_Brony, that's just absentmindedness. We all do things like that from time to time
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vs-RQk86drw&feature=autoplay&list=PLB27079BB81FD3C9E&playnext=1&shuffle=977712
keep looping this
Oh, and it is midnight, so...
any body want to syc this one with me so we can comment on it?
hen3ry yeah, I do stuff like that all the time
The funny thing is I'm a book worm. In 7&*th grade read over 200 books
i dont read
8th
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7HrijDkfHc its Rainbowdash ptrsesnts Rain Bow factory
Canadian_Brony: Just think of it as a very early, low level version of Altzheimers. :/
dat Rain ping Quick_Thinker
yus
ohai
i think i'll choose the next mod tomorrow must wake up early and go to the gym.....
isnt that Rainbow dash presents captain hook the biker gorilla ?
cher3ry I refer to it as "me almost believing I'm sane, and then my brain says otherwise"
Goodnight :3
13nacht trixie
well lighting i was reading complex books before mother fucking pre school
Like I said, it's not lack of sanity, it's just absentmindedness.
Rainbow Factory . . .
night night TheGreatAndPowerfulT...take those culers out of your mane dude
/me shudders
i understood the words and even used them many times
13we are discussing lack of sanity?
curlers*
lack of sanity would be _realizing_ the can is unopened, and proceeding to try to drink from it
13silly shamrocs i meant you :3
WUT
Shizuka yes. Yes we are. I tried to drink Coca-Cola from an unopened can
.....yeah my hair is long enough to put curlers in to...
13oh
i dont enjoy having it cut
13that kind of lack of sanity
eeyup
btw shizu do me a favor if you see val :3 tell him i'm sorry i did the drawing without his permission :3 and i will do wathever he wants with that pic on my DA
lvl 1.
dem cat faces
Night ~ :3
13i prefer the kind where you are kept from a shriveled ball of chaos by the slimmest of threads
Night everyone :3
13<3
Did somepony say SANITY? *Eye twitchs*
THIS IS A PONY CHAT GOOD SIR NO CATS! unless its opal
you need to do that about 84 zillion more times to level up to being an axe murderer.
g'night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
13:3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3 :3
even then....meh
AHHH CATS
SO MANU CATS
13nya
cher3ry or I could go out and murder someone with an axe
well then..
this is now needed
I don't know if I am too sane or insane *shrugs*
amiright?
Sanity SANITY!! this is BronyState!!
DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED EMPTEH CHAT
ok i dont mean to offend anyone but does any one hear have a form of autism (i have aspurgers just wondering)
Canadian_Brony: could you, truly?
13shizunip?
ChronoClutch nobody here is sane
if you could, then yeah, I'd grant you lunatic status
oh god no..
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results , like voting.
I think I am sane :P
i dont have any...
go away
/me hides bags of shizunip
13i sense it~
yep too sane
Quick_Thinker I do
cher3ry I couldn't do it if my life depended on it. There is no point to life if you have to take it away from others
ChronoClutch: you do realize that by the recipricol theory of sanity that makes you crazy
nope no shizunip here
I'm stable I wouldn't say Sane
rain will you mind of i ask what kind you have?
wait wat?
Canadian_Brony: exactly my point, you can't do it, therefore you're not crazy-insane.
Aspergers
ahhh
so we are alike in a way
I'm sane don't worry *ear twitchs* Yep totally sane *eye twitchs* eeeyup *Smiles Lesson Zero Twilight style with eyes depred*
cher3ry yeah, that makes sense
......woo they are talking about mental desasiaues
i has adhd and add....
havnt really noticed either for a long period of time
so what do you like the most rain my favorite things besides ponys oobviously is Science and Video games
/me puts up a wall between himself and Ponies47
is it bad that i feel a joy being definably insane
wait . . .
The only thing that kept me sane was writing in my journal and I have lost it somewhere
low level crazy is ok and harmless.
and ponies47 is going insane.... shizu throw a fruit at him
Quick_Thinker, use punctuation so I know what the heck you just said, please. @_____@
um what do you like?
that good
I like trains.
that way he will attack you and not me
not a good time C brony
What's wrong Canadian_Brony don't you LIKE ME! :[ hehahahahaha *Smiles agian Lesson Zero Twilight style with eyes derped*
13rain rain~<3
Ponies47: don't make me use the Prozac gun on you again. :D
um ponies47 have you experinced mental breakdowns they are not like that just saying (i have had quite a few and even got a chance to record one damn do you snap)
cher3ry: What are you talking about? *Eye twitchs* UI'm fine *Other eye twitchs*
/me throws a bunch of fruit at Ponies47
Ponies47 . . . I don't know how to respond to that. How about I drop this conversation right now before I say or do something that I will regret
/me then flees
k?
Shamroc can you throw some fruit at me too? I'm hungry
and I don't eat cans of Coca-Cola
first one was when i thoguht i might fail the class and everyone laugh next min i knew i was sitting in the princapls office about to be expeled
Quick_Thinker: I have may have had a couple when my parents we're getting devorced :S
well, I like Physics, Psychology, Shizu, Math, being steathy, and being agile
/me Sniffs the fruit
/me Jumps back
Man I'm being pretty entertained right now.
FRUIT! :O
Lightning-Quill join the club
/me practices quite a bit on those last two
Canadian_Brony...you dont realise...ponies47 doesnt like fruit.....and it makes him more crazed....so have fun with him while i run
there's a difference between temporary, justified snapping and real crazy, too...
Rain: what is this stealth?
yes Ponies47, that is fruit. Can I have it?
Hay everypony
What club I'm just staring at the desktop ponies
Long time no speak?
so rain you like most the same things i do except for math (i like it but im terrible at it) and Shizu becuae that the first time i heard of it
hi RainbowBlitz
00,10Wait, you only said Shizuka once rain.
it is when you can sneak up on someone without them knowing
Rain......i dont understand that concept
the ^7 is implied, Sumica
Hypothetically, I see someone doing unspeakable things to my nearly 2 year old niece, and I'm likely to snap someone's neck. Normally that would be crazy, but in that instance, it'd be justified.
Rain: I DONT UNDERSTAND THAT CONCEPT IN THE LEAST
/me Looks at Shamroc "Whats wrong? Don't you like me?" *Ear twitchs* :(
Ponies47 I will take that as a
"Yes"
/me takes the fruit
Ponies47...im not here..im about 20 miles away...i fled the second i through the fruit at you
i try to do that when i have ot go to bed i sneak up th stairs and climb the railings of the stairs to my room
Canadian_Brony: Take it away! *Curls up into a ball and starts shivering*
well i guess I am sane cuz I never act out
/me takes the fruit away
/me is blown away by the seeming randomness of this chat.
I never do anything irregular
i am like I said before too sane
RainbowBlitz: you think we're random now, try it when we're actually crowded.
RainbowBlitz aww, don't worry, this is nothing. Wait until Movie Night
I've been here when its crowded.
Right now there's only a dozen or so people talking :D
And i dont want to be ever again :$
but Rain..honestly i do not understand this concept....its fairly new to me....how does one be "stealthy"?
rainbow here another thing to blown away with GET READY http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MK2iLnTR9V8 BAMM
hehe
Shamroc: What are you talking about? I'm right next to you? *Stares at Shamroc with eyes derped and with a smile on his face*
Alright kids, Flare is gonna go to bed, goodnight all, I wub you all <3
night Flare
Ponies47...yeah im gonna flee now
Nighty night FlareChaser :)
g'night FlareChaser
Shamroc: WAIT!
I bucking love pinkie pie. She would probably be the only one to get me to party
So... new topic?
im not listen to that song it makes me hear other things
Bye :3
too true lighting quill
i love that song
cher3ry . . . naah
Pinkie IRL would overwhelm me into total Fluttershy mode, tbh.
when it gets to the Leave now part I can't help but smile
i love her as well she would be the person i would sing the songs with and skip around town jumping on roofs
mfw im the only one talking in here anymore
I'm listening to her right now XD
/me tries to throw himself at the ground and miss
how could u miss the ground
13not sleepy..
???
/me fails catastrophically
Shamroc, just no
so you float?
ChronoClutch still figuring that out
ChronoClutch: You would have to be distracted at a critical moment.
Rain..what
critical moment?
im not a social person in RL i guess in way this counts but not really anyway i have been to few parties and never danced or cheered however if someone came as a pinkie pie reincarnate I WOULD DANCE LIKE A MO FO WITH HER/HIM
It's very, very hard, considering it's listed in, if I recall correctly, under the category of "recreational impossibilities"
I changed my name her because I use Golden Cyanide as my other username but it didn't sound to appropriate
ChronoClutch yes, a critical moment. Read "The Hitchiker's Guide To the Galaxy"
i hate reading
tl;dr
u kno wats up
k, Dash.
cher3ry Arthur Phillipe Dent can do it
CRITCAL FAILURE *re roll skill used* CRITCAL HIT (LOL D&D jokes)
i only read when I think I might find something interesting
i did not hit her it's not true its bullshit i did not hit her... I DID NAAHT... ohai bronystate
Ok yes I have had mental break downs before. It was because my parents we're getting devorced :S
Canadian_Brony: yes, but just remember he didn't suceed until the entire Earth was first destroyed.
hi valoreins
valoreins are you TOOMY WASSO
Ohai valoreins :)
I broke down once when I was 7 never again
cher3ry welcome to Science Fiction
Canadian_Brony: Welcome?
who is tommy wasso haugh?
13wisseau i believe
13made The Room
13which was apparently terrible
i know haaugh
Canadian_Brony: I may have read HHGTTG before you were even born xD
cher3ry imma random-crap-saying kinda guy, yah know?
Oh hai kitty
let's eat haaugh
hi Unnr
13pinkie i eat HAAUGH you eat HAAUGH
13let's go eat HAY
Oh(ai) Canada
:D
Shizuka it was Wisseau, and it was terrible.
heheheh i broke down in school after fail a final test that sent me back a grade i then felt like i blacked out and awoke in the hospital terrified (they never told me what happened just that i was expeled and i had a large cut on my self)
Who has seen epic pie time?
The Room is an amazing piece of art
i seen all pony videos
and this was in 2nd grade
I watched it as a dare for "Truth or Dare"
. . . eesh . . .
Also, one of my friends is a walking, talking incarnation of Pinkie Pie
and it can be... trying
Unnr: my condolances.
I WANT TO MEET THAT PERSON NOW
Unnr sounds like my sister
She was the bff of my twin sister
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQ0JahhFkts Epic Pie Time a little crazy but funny
btw who has a granny here that are an incarnation of Granny Smith?
i need a friend like that
why am i still listening to lavender town theme in my turtle beach do i want ot have nightmares for weeks?
Hiya everypony!!!
she talks, skips, talks, eats, talks, laughs, talks, smiles, talks, gets emotional, talks, and TALKS
ohai CrazyCherry
hi CrazyCherry
Ohai CrazyCherry :)
a friend like pinkie might fix me I am the total opposite naturally
It can be lots of fun, but sometimes its just too much to handle
well I can make others happy
but not myself
imma Twilight Sparkle
and then there is the Pinkamina side, which can be even more difficult to deal with
can he/she break the 4th wall?
Where would the 4th wall be in RL?
Let's consider the implications of that :-P
um life maybe
Quick_Thinker she tries really hard
death
IRL 4th lies between the world of Life and Death
4th wall*
and C brony imma Twilight Sparkle incarnet but unlike her lucky enough to make good friends i cant
valoreins: If you met my granny you would like her. Shes really nice but the only I don't like about her. She's never quiet she justs talks and talks and talks :(
I considered once a fictional character who tries to break the 4th wall constantly, except being set realistically, there was no 4th wall to break, so she'd end up randomly talking or winking at walls.
/me what 4th wall?
WEll it would involve us being concious of any person and or life forms looking at us through the fourth wall but in cartoons it would be looking into the camera or speaking into the audience
Quick_Thinker I'm a mixture of Twi and Flutters, if you can picture that
A Twi-Flutter mixture is very easy to picture, actually...
I fit in rlly well everyone knows me I can accomplish anything I try but wat is the point in trying let alone living when we r slaves to society
cher3ry k, good. I don't have to describe it
Ponies47: oh i understand that lol, actually my granny from my dad's family is considered as noisy too lol
well im a mix of mostly Twi big time and a very little bit of Pinkie's imgination
society has no sentience of its own, ChronoClutch. One can go with the flow, or one can rebel against it and thereby try to change its course.
valoreins: Granny from dads side of the family as well. She's nice and a great cook. But when she talks uggggggggh -_-
You know, my grandmother on my father's side is marrying for the third time now. And she's 85.
fireworks popping everywhere o.o
Also, hello everypony!
It's like saying a fish in a river is a slave to the current.
I may have a bit of Luna aswell
hi Polydunami
Hye Polydunami :)
Hiya Polydunami!!!
he is contained to the water
we're discussing pony traits IRL
we all have granny problems huh :s
Oh yeah?
We are contained to the Earth, at least for now
yeah
valoreins: Yeah :S
There will always be physical limitations on us.
well with laws a rules more comes with it
cher3ry: There's another cherry on here?? :O
ohai Ponies47
Chimi Cherry Changa!
CrazyCherry: only during "fruit hour" - normally I use the nick hen3ry
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VBIe0R2e-A&feature=related *Hides in corner*
actually everyone from this world could relate to at least a character from MLP
for the love of clestia if they do discover gods atom can the scientists put all work towards findinght e Equestria Dimension IT EXIST I KNOW IT DOES
"fruit hour"?
Ok, are you talking about law then, or society? because those are seperate things ChronoClutch
managed to make a friends with a brony at a park :$
valoreins: I could :)
-_(\
ever think maybe ppl r murderers, convicts, thieves, etc. from the implicatios of rules and regulations
:3
society and rules r one in the same
they come hand in hand
Was anypony else wanting to smack Shining Armor during the finale?
so far i have seen no bronys at my school (i wear a brony shirt that says bro hoof if you knw what i mean and still no repsonse)
ChronoClutch: thieves, perhaps, but not murderers. Murder requires two things - to kill another person, and to have a criminal intent when you do it.
also one comment on my flootershai shirt :3
for example i could relate to rarity because of desiring attention of my art, fluttershy for loss of confidence, and twilight for sarcasm
Rules and Laws are not the same thing, however.
Rules are governed
I mean, I can see having your sister not talk much about you to her friends... but not telling your sister you are engaged? That is so.... UUUUGH
You know, Unnr, Shining Armor's mind was being controlled by Queen Chrysalis throughout.
Laws are proven facts
Yes
but engagements traditionally happen about a year out
Canadian_Brony: I'm talking about legal laws not scientific ones
Ponies47: i never try to make people into bronies
and it was proven that Cadence loved him in a legit manner
so yeah....
http://youtu.be/abBuwuBlcnY
Ponies47: wow, how did you show them? at least for me i made a quarter of my class into bronies lol
cher3ry ok, nevermind. I can't help yah there. I stay away from political laws and crap like taht
*that
Remember that letter in Dragon Quest? The one that was never read before being burned in lava or something?
all of the spheres from anthology 2 including some deleted scenes
The state of mind matters.
who here thinks they are sane?
cher3ry: Ooh~!
mix up the chat, yah know?
CrazyCherry: yes? :D
What do you mean, Canadian_Brony?
insane?
Canadian_Brony, we're all insane
Sanity is relative
Polydunami good answer
valoreins: Why does it seem like everypony else always gets the good end and I get the bad part? :( But I tyed to show one of em the show but he wouldn't watch. The 2nd he watched the first part of the first episode and about about 1/2 of the 2nd part. He didn't like it :(
Ah. No stream. Yay.
hi Kencolt
My personal belief is that we are all operating under our own illusions for the purpose of our own enlightened self-interest.
00,02hmmm
no responses to my stand point I thought not ^_^
00,02ksp, dx:hr or myst
too true
hi Phase4
STREAM!!!
dat Phase4
Cya everyone, I'm headin to bed
I don't personally kill cows, and I don't think about the dead cow when I eat a hamburger, because it doesn't look like a furry cute creature.
00,02or programing
WOOO!!!
g'night SolairePony89
00,02i has a thing i want to impliment in paintchat
http://www.bronyland.com/pony-personality-test/ test your personality out
that's a mental illusion. If that illusion drops, I probably couldn't eat the burger.
GODDAMN POP-CORn
Dat Phase4 stream.
ohai Phase4...dnt kill anything too important today
u cant honestly ever get ur personality checked
00,10dat kerbal wallpaper
Ponies47: maybe they have different taste in cartoon...? but most of ppl that like MLP appreciates art. maybe because i studied at arts and design university that my friends also likes MLP, but that's just my hypothesis
Hi, all. Well, the fourth is done-- and darn it, the fireworks were just a WEE bit too far away for me to watch them from my house, and if you think I was going to walk nearly a mile in this heat in the DARK you are kidding yourselves.
Nope but it helps
You know, Lightning-Quill, I took that test a few months ago.
Not with my present state anyhow.
00,02Sumica, ikr
ChronoClutch: my point is don't feel like society is enslaving you, that's giving others power over your mind, and your mind is what it can't have unless you give it freely
ChronoClutch: if you don't like something in society, work to change it, even if just in small ways.
valoreins: (Sighs) I guess so. I would like some brony friends to hang out with but it never seems to work :(
i couldnt care enough
dat kerbal background
that's my advice anyway
dat linux terminal
i never meant in and of myself
For me, July 4th is just another day.
others get jobs and think they enjoy it
00,02was debugging an issue
Ponies47: well, good luck finding other bronies in your region :)
00,02turns out i'm dumb
Does anyone here knows about Quebec day?
Ponies47: soon, you will find bronies in your area :)
Ain't we all, Phase4?
00,02and my icons are all aranged wrong
but the truth is they only like these things from the influences that they grow up with
valoreins: I hope.
July 4th? it's already July 5th here...
look at the world around us it is a dieing ecosystem and wat we do to things that harm us is eradicate them, from my point of view the more ppl die the better but I don't feel that I am the one to take ones life away
Phase4 oooh, I hate that
As I said-- it's over in the US.
ChronoClutch: um... you might be talking on a deeper level than I'm prepared to handle at the moment.
lol
Except maybe Hawaii. Not so sure about that...
ya it is a pointless
ChronoClutch: I don't see a distinction between liking something because you "naturally" like it or because your experiences have shaped it.
discussion
What's this fruit hour?
Everyone has had experienced, and such experiences shape us all.
00,02i broke ti more
00,02it
ChronoClutch, have you watched the movie watchmen?
00,02will fix later
yep watched it
CrazyCherry: unofficial change your nick and do nothing else special about it hour, basically
I can see why you think like that then
11,02Shamroc: Hai :3
00,10Good job breaking it hero
00,02so
ohai SuperBrony64
cher3ry: Oh.
To all you bronies out there tonight, I bid you a plesant morning/evening/late afternoon
yours already fits the theme so it wouldn't make a difference anyway
HI MOM!
00,02everyone ok with programing and music?
Eyup.
Phase4 I'm cool
Phase4: oh hoho traking requests?
how is you?
00,02i may alt tab betwene kerbal
*taking
Ponies47: dosent seem like much of a problem at least its one brony
Phase4: I don't hear anything
Only if it's C or C++ or Perl. None of this fancy pants Java stuff.
Work calls, however, and I have a few tasks to do before it entangles me in its foul clutches.
00,02Ponies47, probably not
Phase4: Okie doki loki. That's fine
*hope
i went swimming today
00,02bronyradio is ok but i tend not to like the music
Yeah, I don't do well with pessimism. Not all the time, at least.
What is the meaning to life?
42
STREAM
00,02anyone got a good playlist?
come on, try harder.
Canadian_Brony Nothing. WE ARE USELESS!
Phase4 AcousticBrony Pony Themes
TheRandomkid321 wrong answer. It'
*it's 42
Phase4 I open my own winamp and play my own library
I already said that :D
also play some 4@4
Anypony here like TMBG?
I don't get that reference
or SandJosieph
of music?
Hitchhiker's Guide
pony music?
i got a youtube playlist
...i had pictures taken of me....IT WAS HORRIBLE.....i hate having pcitures taken of me cause i always look bad im them....which blows cause im gettin my senior pictures friday
with some desent songs on it
TheRandomkid321 read "The Hitchikers Guide to the Galaxy"
I'll say it again. I don't do well with pessimism.
What is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?
TheRandomkid321: Nope :(
African or European?
Phase4 /)^3^(\
Very good
http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLB27079BB81FD3C9E&feature=view_all
JUst don't put BronyDanceParty I find their music disturbing
I'm not sure, cher3ry. Is that African or European?
Phase4, if you have the Pony Music anthology, its hard to go wrong with a mix of makkon, DrDissonance, &I and notacleverpony
dat Kencolt ninja :S
Polydunami: Age before...whatever.
Ponies 47 Oh... Well anyways... Congrats on beating the most powerful country in the world...s leftovers... But still.... With the help of the french... Umm...
so i explained bronies to my uncle, he didnt seem to care
Hey Kencolt, age and beauty can go hand in hand.
Also, ChronoClutch, are you new here?
I never said anything about beauty.
00,02i still hate windows
The French were a great help. They only won one direct naval confrontation with the British in the entirel 18th Century, I believe, and that was at Yorktown.
00,02no job controll in therminals
It was implied, Kencolt
13Phase4: i know they let in too much light
00,02XD
wat u mean am I new? Wat would make you say that? I actually want to know :P
/me 00,02hugs Shizuka
I've never seen you before, actually. I was just wondering.
00,02oh, on another note
Polydunami: Was it? Was it really? For who knows what thought lurk withing the depths of thois old wolfs mind?
dat java is giving me hives.
00,02does anyone here have a drawing tablet?
Hi ppl
I have one...
Hey ShiningArmor :)
13i have a notebook
13does that count?
I think
Phase4 i have one ^-^
Phase4 I wish
00,02panda, i'ma need you to try something
omg i havent been on bronystate for weeks T~T
Phase4: Not me
hi ShingingArmor
well the times I am on and off r totally random
ShiningArmor: You should feal bad. But it's ok! :d
Ya know what's bullsh!t? Battlefield 3 premium. Not only does it cost as much as buying the game, Whenever you are killed by someone who has a premium account it rubs it in your freakin face... GOD I hate it.
Phase4 my laptop is broken, so i cannot at the moment :(
Hey ShiningArmor!
i started using this chat about 2 weeks ago
00,02ah :(
and was under the username LightNight
13you know what's really BS?
13this site
13am so clever
ha ha ha
-_(\
Oh, I vaguely remember a LightNight...
00,02huh
Shizuka: (Rimshot)
00,02i broke vhscreencap
Hey my stream is bucked. It was frozen I refreshed it and now it says website is offline.... help
13the bad jokes are starting... i should sleep...
00,02again
/me throws Shizuka a pillow
I think I'm going to shower then go to sleep
Schlafen is for ze week :|
... I messed that up big time :S
/me curls up by the fire and waits for Shizu
00,02Shizuka, what time is it there?
peace
Oh wait it is workin again for me
132:50am
I would enjoy doing some community brony stuff but I lack in the music and animation department I am more of an editor and commentary type of person
I'll see if I can find mine, Phase4
maybe I would become more well known
I need a new computer
00,02Shizuka, dats bed time
1
2
3
4
5
00,026
chat derp
The Twins are already asleep by now, Shizuka.
42
00,02Canadian_Brony, nope
00,02Canadian_Brony, you were kicked
so that was my day...how about yours SuperBrony64?
Phase4 I know. I reseted my chat
after the derp
derp?
- Canadian_Brony left (Kicked by Wrek with the foliowing reason: Automated Anti-Spam Kick ([AASK])
00,02stream doesnt look bad
it didnt derp, you were kicked
say helo to my sister
ZACH :D
:P
lol cooolll
the emotes are ponys !
Rain my chat derped and I got myself kicked to reset it
:P
Hello to my sister. Wait. Why am I saying that? She's not here.
i know :O
LOL DERPY ! :P
Oops
hi Skysky93. Welcome to BronyState
/me 13grabs a rain und curls up by the fireplace
Goodnight Shizuschlafen!
13nacht ponies
Sleep well, Shizuschlafen.
Nacht Shizuschlafen
g'night Shizuschlafen
Shizuschlafen: Already? Well goodnight :)
Hey Skysky93, it's better to not type too many messages at once.
Sorry I didnt know :p
oh goodnight Shizuschlafen
she is a quick typer
Phase4: you gonna be doing code related stuff?
Thre are... prnalties... for spamming the channel. Mainly you get kicked, automagically.
00,02Shamroc, seems like
Skysky93 that's alright. I got myself kicked just to reset the chat. BTW, if the chat stops responding, hit the "Refresh" button under the chat
ok then
/me 00,02hugs Shizuschlafen again "sleep well"
or get yourself kicked, like I do
okay thanks :P
since Phase4 is doing stuff that i trule dont understand or care about
im going to sleep as well
g
night night everypony
. . .
Think she'll catch up. :)
g'night Shamro
00,02night Shamroc
-_(\
Might as well get this over with
/me goes to other end of fireplace to sleep
Welcome to Bronystate Skysky93!
/me can't type properly tonight
00,02new brony?
hey Phase4 you should stream some mlp fim starting from episode 7 season 1 that is wat my sister and I are on
eeyup
get pinkies welcome wagon
thanks :)
no sound Phase4
This is from much later in the season, ChronoClutch and Skysky93
NEWBIE?!
Where?!
ChronoClutch ponies get streamed on Movie Night . . . this isn't a full episode
who's the new one?
Ninjazz!
00,02no sound?
Polydunami! :3
yup
Skysky93
Awee u guys I love the welcome song :$
gotta feel special nao
is the new guy
welcomw Skysky93!
*welcome
For Skysky93?
Skysky93 who doesn't?
Dang it, Phase4! You took my job! D:
welcome Skysky93 :$
ChronoClutch, Hey there I'm CrimsonPhoenix
I hate everything
school starts again in three days :'(
same bro
Oh hey KiwiBoi777!
nope Phase4
:)
Welcome to bronystate Skysky93!
yayyyy lol
this will never get old
hey Polydunami!!^^
look ath the hooves i love it
nvm
TheRandomkid321: WHAT?!?! :'(
I'm getting deja vu here.
ChronoClutch, I see we'll get to be very good friends you and I
00,02its all correct here
has sound turned down :D
I'm getting sound
Phase4, did we get a glitch in the matrix somehow?
00,02XD
me and my sis in skype so we dont type as much :P
00,02sounds getting to fmle
00,02if its broken theres nothing i can do
dat calming music
she should watch more episodes with me soon (I have seen them all she hasn't)
00,02XD
Canadian_Brony: :D
00,02this is a decompile of version 3.66
00,02String STR_VERSION = "(C)And Mino, PaintChatServer v3.57b";
Me I know I need to watch more lol
00,02now
00,02not sure exactly how to do what i want to do
alright guys i'm going out for a while
baiii :D
See you valoreins
"Spectrum" is next, right?
bye valoreins|Drawing
bye valoreins|Drawing!
. . . nope, "La Courturtiere"
Later valoreins|Drawing :)
Oh man, I thought we were going to hear Beatrix's theme for a second.
g'nigh val- . . .
dammit, just mised
*missed
hi Canadian_Brony
1 am and people still popping fireworks :D
Well I have a working drawing tablet
I was starting to get a little bit concered about my masculinity. Ya know. Watching a show intended for 6 year old females. But after looking through my baby photos I realised I lost my masculinity LOOONG ago.
hi KiwiBoi777
TheRandomkid321 join the club. Membership is free, no contracts to sign.
00,02lol TheRandomkid321
Bah. Masculinity is for sissies.
00,02^
You also get a free card and reserved parking
club?
Phase4: look at paint chat
.
any catch?
I avoind paintchat for one reason.... I DON'T WANT TO SEE WHAT PEOPLE COUDL BE THINKING!
:$
I love sandviches
I prefer sandwiches. B ut that's just me.
next is either "Spectrum" or "Everfree Showdown" . . .
I am a bad guesser
Oops
Kencolt Nah sandiches are supirior
unless it's the preview vid
*v
*viches
so The Matrix runs on XP?
00,02y so few people use paintchat
00,02btw its online again
Phase 4 I just told you
because my netbook sucks at paintchat
is it?
yep, it's the Trailer
But I guess
00,02Rain, in what way?
right now I can't seem to connect fully to it
00,02its not exactly efficent software
small screen
00,02cher3ry, os?
00,02Rain, ah
and trackpad
"It's About Time" made them tear their brains out, apparantely
vista
00,02TheRandomkid321, ohai
00,02saw you login
yes, vista sucks but it's what I have
Yeah
00,02TheRandomkid321, iinet user /)
00,10hey Phase4
00,10release includes EVA and IVA so not only can you fly the ship around the Mun, you can land and take our beloved Jebediah out for a moon walk.
00,02ohai Sumica
So I did that personality test, that I did once months ago.
Good morning guys *yawn*
Unfortunatly /)
00,02: D
oh my god
00,10soon
http://imgur.com/B4xf1,4rXX8#0 here's the results, the first pic was what I had months ago and second is now.
Damnit....
I killed my Jeb..
Hey there, Malavolent.
Lunar Nocturnality, Celestial Diurnality. Theme of the Royal Sisters.
Canadian_Brony, from Acoustic Brony?
Two songs, one file
00,02oh
00,02Sumica, you meen its going to come out soon
but I do have a guy grinning so hard his teeth are always showing, and the others are shitting their pants
CrimsonPhoenix eeyup. I have all 13 Pony themes
on mp3
How are you, Ninjazz?
/me 00,02thought it was out now :'(
heh
Malavolent, tired. Same old, same old. :3
I got alot of artists in my music folder
You, Malavolent?
. . . "Ill Fly Higher" I believe this one is
IS THAT SCOOT?
CrimsonPhoenix "Ill Fly Higher", Scootaloo's theme
Ninjazz: I'm tired as well. It's strange how you wake up tired if you sleep too much :S
Hell yeah
CrimsonPhoenix just a preview
Malavolent, is it strange if you get tired from not sleeping at all?
Paintchat seems simlpe enough
"Everfree Showdown" Vinyl Scratch's Theme
00,10yeah not yet Phase4 but it's part of the next build
00,02cant wait :3
Ninjazz: Well, not really :D But I know that feel, I was tired yesterday becuase I had been to a lan party, therefore I hadn't got any sleep at all.
Malavolent, was it fun? :3
91 is the lowest i've seen in Bronystate O_O
Ninjazz: You bet it was. I only have a netbook but we still played a load of great games. :)
I've seen colder temperatures, Darkts3.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG lowest I've seen was 89
but with the humidity it feels like 98.
00,02hmmm
00,02this is not helping
Wow. Only a netbook? Your options are kinda... limited, Malavolent. :S What did you play?
Night of Nightmares
Theme of Nightmare Moon and Halloween Special
Ninjazz: Batlefield 1942, Age of Empires 2, Alien vs Predator 2, Diablo 2, Warcraft 3... and that's as far as I can remember.
Right, back to more classic Doctor Who.
Malavolent, all I needed to hear. Sounds epic! :D
Have fun, Polydunami. :3
ah, another night of torturing innocent astronauts with billion dollar death traps i see.
Ninjazz: Eeyup, good old classics :)
ohai StupidSexyCJ! yup lol
Ian Chesterton has a life-threatening disease :S
o hai KiwiBoi777
Yep, it's THAT old xD
StupidSexyCJ: how are you?
And hey there, StupidSexyCJ. :)
hi StupidSexyCJ
phase4 look at it now
I'll be back, getting some delicious water :3
o hai everyone, doing good, you?
The Loyalest and Most Dependable - Applejack's theme
that's good! I am doing great
http://i.imgur.com/8nc4W.jpg
paintchat fixed? hooray!
I'm glad someone elses listens to these kind of songs.
Rain: want
Well I ragequit my drwaing and wrote BALLS TO IT over it... Go to paintchat if you want to see it... I didnt mess up heavy in any way though.
Malavolent I'm listing off each one as they come on
cuz I'm awesome like that
Canadian_Brony: Good for you :D
I saw a video about a rocket ship crash and wrote "DAMN YOU PHASE 4!" As a comment on the video
I particularly like ending of this song.
3
Oops what?
Ghosties!
04So I had Meunster cheese today
Hm?
04Best cheese ever
Hey there, Ghosties.
Nice.
Oh hey Ghosties
o hai Ghosties
Ghosties nope... panda cheese is better ^-^
Wait.... It hasnt exploded yet/// WHAT KIND OF SORCERY IS THIS!?
04o-o panda...cheese?
hi Ghosties
04Oh, um, hi everyone
Evening Ghosties.
easy cheese is best cheese
never say no to panda
Ghosties, you never seen the commercials?
/me shakes head
I once didnt buy panda cheese.... My sh!t got F^cked up.
hay Ghosties
TheRandomkid321, its Phase4 this time, that is why
TheRandomkid321: :O
Don't listen to panda, Ghosties. He's crazy.
This is a sensible design, albeit perhaps _too_ minimal to go for the Mun.
/me twirls a hoof around his head
04Oh, easy cheese is good too~
Ghosties, youtube will be you best friend for this one. Look up "never say no panda"
I liek coon cheese.
04...I don't want to see panda cheese :s
cher3ry, he has made it to minmus with something like that before
Something similar, sure, but I think it was just short of the delta V you need to get there.
00,02dis one is allmost orbit capable
00,02needs more rockets
00,02Rain, it was a little larger than this
00,02was probably using quad
Ghosties hahahaha its nothing bad its just a hilarious commercial where a panda fucks stuff up because people say no to him xD
I usually do Hex.
Hey... Planet earth is blue and theres nothing we can do.
00,02tri and quad have been my most successfull designs so far
04Ah, maybe sometime then
^-^
TheRandomkid321: we just need a bunch of koolaid mix
Lunar Nocturnality ~ Celestial Diurnality - Theme of the Royal Sisters
this is Lunar Nocturnality - Luna's theme
of course
00,02tri and quad are fundimentaly the same cradt
00,02craft'
StupidSexyCJ I was refrencing a song... Planet earth is blue nad theresnothing I can do.
00,023 stage, srb's on launch
00,02the first stage consists of liquid engines that are dropped somewhere in orbit
00,10looks like some of the other things planed is weight and thrust calculators
00,02second is another liquid stage
00,023rd is the lander
Most successful rockets are going to be somewhat similar. Symmetrical, distinct staging, and a good lander design
00,02Sumica, that would be very helpfull
My lander's more complex than yours, but yours is absolutely servicable, and perfectly capable of minmus.
00,02cher3ry, you say that
00,02and yet both tri and Sumica's pyramid are mun capable
00,02cher3ry, screenshot of your lander?
Yes, well, Sumica's pyramid is a big boomstick.
One sec
gotta load it up. Basically it's yours with three side half-tanks feeding into the central tank, and the landing legs are on the side tanks, to make it wider.
Phase4: make it go booom
00,10I still find it funny that every one doubted my monster tower could get off the ground.
00,02JRP2234[Web], that will happen on its own
Because we expected boom, Sumica
Celestial Diurnality - Celesita's Theme
00,02cher3ry, i've thought of a design like that
00,10admidtly it's slow as hell in the second stage
00,02help with returns
I played one of those interctive adds... 5 popups in a row.... I probably got a virus... but i'm on a mac.... :D
also helps with landings. I can land on a fairly decent slope and still be ok
00,02Sumica, and it works and can be piloted to the mun
00,10yeah I know, I have taken it there a few times
00,02cher3ry, true that, i have trouble with slopes in mine
00,10I have modified the desgine a bit
00,02this design requires more rocket
00,10I swaped out all the couplers with the ones that cover the nozzles
00,10added a bit more RCS and legs
What is this game anyway? Does it cost money? And is it for mac? probably not.
00,02TheRandomkid321, not sure about mac
00,10btw Phase4 cool thing I found out.
00,02i think there is a mac version
What is the game called?
TheRandomkid321: nothing costs money if you know where to look, *wink wink nudge nudge*
00,02.13 is free, this is .15.2
00,02kerbal space program
00,02Sumica, yeah?
00,10if you hook fule lines from side tanks to the nozzles on say a centerline booster
StupidSexyCJ You can get in prison if you know where to look...
00,10it will pull from the lines first before it pulls from the attached tanks
"I'll Fly Higher" - Scootaloo's theme
00,02Sumica, i did that with tri and quad
00,02gona do it on this one too
00,02wait
00,02do you meen draw from the connected tank or the whole assembly?
00,10say like on you currnt one on screen.
00,10if you ran a line from the outside tank to the center booster.
00,02yeah, thats the plan
00,10the booster attached to the fule line wont touch the tanks above it
I may buy it... COnsidering how much my sister buys online... I should be able to get a game...
00,10till the tanks the fuelline is hooked to are dry
00,10but you have to attche it directly to the nozzles
Anyway, my Munar lander: http://derpy.me/vpKCV
00,02i have silly plans for this
00,02ooo
00,02cher3ry, nice
00,02seems a little heavy though
can't see it, but there's a third pod hidden by the central core
It is slightly heavy, but I find that adventageous actually, I have a hard hand on the controls...
00,02thats true
light ships go out of control even with ASAS
00,02small one swings around
Usually I drain the side tanks landing. After launch, eject the side tanks for mass reasons, and plenty of delta V for a controlled return
00,10you dont have issues with that version of the SAS packing up on you once you break atmo cher3ry?
00,02heres where the silly starts
Nope, it works perfectly fine, Sumica
"Ponies are Cool" - Theme of Doctor Whooves
No difference between the atmosASAS and the spaceASAS as far as I can tell, the atmos ones just look a bit better.
00,10I realy like taht some one made couplers taht hide the nozzles
yeah, thats one of the few mods I'd consider installing in my "clean" version. I have two versons, one modded and one stock.
just blow it up already
I ate toast on my bed and now.... CRUMBS!
the normal SAS applys force to exactly where it is on the ship. the ASAS takes over your controls and litterally uses everything the ship has in movement to keep it pointing in the same direction
G'night
Ok this now looks like the pyramid of doom
Are you sure this will work?
"It's About Time" - Pinkie Pie's theme
"I have no idea"
Canadian_Brony, what are you doing?
He's reciting the music that's playing
Rain listing off the names of the AcousticBrony songs playing over the stream
oh
My favorite animal is a horse. I love horses.
no
ponys
00,10this desgine looks famular =p
inb4 large explosion
00,10solids cliping, thats gonna be bad
And they also eject outward...
00,10they are gonna probably break
even dry that could be a problem
they are going to boom first
00,10all dem overheats
what!?
00,02well
I call hax
00,02that went well
oh theres the boom
againn
you ejected the liquids too soon?
again
00,10supprised the ejection charge on those center solids did't cause an issue
or did the solid ejection damage the liquids?
what Sumica said
Phase4: needs more rockets
you probably have enough delta V with just the liquids anyway
00,02JRP2234[Web], ikr
00,02cher3ry, not quite
00,02i meen yeah, more than enough
00,02but i want more
lol
alex s is best troll
Ja wohl, herr von Braun :D
00,10that reminds me, I need to check on my extra solar mission
it's still 68 years from escape
I lve hungry jacks.
*love
lol\
i cant be botherd to walk to hungry jacks
00,02makes a prety paturn
00,02XD
that was long . . .
00,02Sumica, tell me what happens if you actually make it out
I still think your spelling is so cute Phase4 :3
00,02i imagine its simply a floating point number limit
/me 00,02hugs XAX :3
yeah that's my understanding
lemme check on mine
00,10oh boo, it never saved them
My goodness, the Sensorites are pacifist to no end.
Right now, it's 2,677,125,977,752 m from the sun, at a speed of 12,614.7 m/s
this guy's gonna explod so hard
it's 1:45 am here
00,02dis should go far
inb4 in an update it will add more solar systems and if you are good you can land on another planet and find another launch pad :3
00,02Sumica, :(
00,02Rain, dat
I can't even find my escape path anymore, doesn't matter.
00,02WOULD BE EPIC
00,02and epic dificult
00,10easy fix, I just remake it
00,02i think this rocket is trying to break
00,10but yeah no landing for that crew, it was just tons of SRBs
yeah, hitting the moon is tricky... doable of course, but tricky. But hitting another solar system...
hit he big red button!
Off by one millionth of a second of a degree and you miss
00,10is it leaning to the side?
pootis
color me surprised, it's not burning
I'll be back in a couple of minutes.
This will make a pretty explosion
it's rotating but that's ok as far as it goes
lotta vibration
should'e added some struts
he never braced the bases to each other did he
nup
00,02oh wow
00,02this has too much fuel
them's hanging free like redneck-balls
damnit, GalaCon is sold out T.T
00,02i'm looking at kerbin escape with the upper stage full
00,02at leats i was untill i accidentaly hit space
lol
lul
you're titlting
personal favourite
yeah, he has no actual control over the bottom anymore, and not enough thrust to escape the bottom either
at least not safely
hey does anyone here use the SAI paint tool like Wrek?
its going down ! oh nooo
highway to BOOOOOOM
Oh no
00,10oh dear
aiight bed time for me :P
00,02well
gnight ChronoClutch
00,02that was awesome
OH MY GOOOOOOOOODDD!!!!
Phase4: have you landed safely on the moon yet?
Uh oh it broken u lost
dat panic eject
00,10almost got roasted by the boosters
yeah, Kerbin doesn't handle that situation well...
I'm back
:p
00,02this is a new rocket
welcom back Polydunami|DoctorWho
damn i missed the moon landing :3
00,10I realy want to try the whole spaceplane landing thing but I should probably give up on that idea
00,10unless i strap it to the ToP it's just not happening.
spaceplanes drive me batty...
00,02i cant build planes
00,02aparently i'm a master of rockets
huh
I think phase4's design is the only feasable shuttle method - strap the rockets to the sides.
Right, I'm going to watch some more Doctor Who.
00,02who cant build a plane
I was expecting an explosion
00,10Heavy 101 is the only desgine I got that is close.
central mount causes breakage
Phase4 me
00,10but the SAS fails on me
phase4 mar rokets
00,02cher3ry, you realy cant attach to the top/bottom
suddenly i have a "master of puppets" remake as "master of rockets"
mind you, I've never played this before
yeah, the SAS on the planes is borked
Sumica: you just need to balance the weight. once you lose atmosphere your wings can't keep you stable anymore, that's why you're on this atmos-SAS vs space-SAS thing
"Crepusclarity" - Twilight Sparkle's Theme
now granted, easier said than done!
00,10suddnly loud
I can't help you guys on these ones
this is totally new to me
this is kinda painful to my ears.
00,02this is kinda wrong for mun/minmus
TheRandomkid321 turn down your volume
00,02tri/quad are moon bound
then go solar!
00,02this is more of a interplanetary thing
/me is wearing headphones, so suck it
00,02but theres no other planets
except there's only one planet
00,02Canadian_Brony, headphone bro's /)
Cnadian_Brony I don't liek the song volumes fine
throw science at the wall and see what sticks!
Phase4 /)
Canadian_Brony (/ headphones for the win brutha
I have headphones on too :D
SCIENCE
Yeah
TheRandomkid321 everyone has their own tastes
00,10oh this song. altho never heard it set to smile
what song is this?
00,02hmm
remix of smile^3
Where have I heared this musci before? MINE TURTLE!
this sounds awesome with Bass-enhancing Headphones
00,02i dont know how to fly this thing
Phase4: magics
00,02its too heavy for gyro's
like a rocket
gotta thank XAX for that
00,02and i didnt put enough rcs on it
but name of remix?
00,02Smile Song (The Living Tombstone's Remix)
just do it filly!
00,02not liking this playlist much
thnx Phase4 :$
00,02Rain, jk
00,02k'
00,02nah
00,02its drifting
use a bigger gyro!
00,02somethings slightly uneaven
the solids.
00,02the upper bit should be moon capable on its own
they're not perfectly symmetrical with the rest of the rocket's own drag
I don't like many pony songs... Some of the select few I like are Discord eurobeat brony. September Livivng tombstone. And any remix of alex s.
^
00,02yeah
00,02i have no control
lololololollololoolool
somehow its working
00,02upper part works fine though
RIP... Three aliens....
Kerbals are heroes!
of science
00,02oh yeah
this is one of the few songs where i like the remix's as much as the original
00,02this thing has tonns of fuel
What am I being thanked for, Canadian_Brony? :D
Phase4 try to burn it up before landing. That thing must be freakin' heavy
Try to ille the aliend >:D
*KIll the aliens
XAX you showed me some awesome headphones in, like, April? IDK, but I finally got my hands on a pair. /)^3^(\
chat derp back
00,02Canadian_Brony, it is
00,02i tend to drop tanks on the mun
Canadian_Brony: :D
I need better headphones than... headphones that came WITH a phone i got :\
I like this remix. It's alex s right? or tombstone? Any way I liek it
with that lander design you have to. What you have, just a single half-tank on that final stage?
TheRandomkid321 I need a phone for my basemant
I have headphones, a TV, computer, universal remote, but no phone
so close
Ha ha.
I'm not saying it's improper, but, we don't get to detach a lunar lander and return to Earth using the main ship like the Apollo guys did
at least not without mods
00,02der we go
00,02orbit
this is catchy
Dat orbit, very nice.
00,02cher3ry, i cant wait untill we can do that
I mean, REALLY catchy
song name?
00,02i have a shuttle like thing thats perfect for that
ARe there any headsets taht are compatable with computer and xbox 360? I need a new xbox headset since my old one was on full volume with a kid raging on cod... Bugger broke my headset.
Same. That'll make designing a lot more fun
00,02Canadian_Brony, pinkies lie
00,02so
00,02mun or minmus?
welp now I'm up to V11 of the mlp music archive
TheRandomkid321: i dont think so
also this song is cool
Minmus is easier to land on, you have the delta V for either.
00,02minmus is a pain to get to so mun i'm say
Phase4 k, thx . . . wut?
true, Minmus requires a couple adjustments.
/me is confuzzled
and it's 5 so I'll go to bed
night peeps
g'night CrimsonPhoenix
Darkts3 Okay... I thik an xbox one is in my top priotities.
00,02cher3ry, do you happen to know what those pink things on the navball are?
Pink, no, just the yellows
00,10the pink marks is homebase Phase4
I lpve dis song...
00,02hmm
00,02Sumica, oh, k
buck yeah!
lol
Discord!
/me would sing if it weren't 2:00 am
00,10one is you are heading directly away from the othere is heading twords.
I am signign this song currently :D
For minmus I find it's easier to just skip bothering Kerbal orbit, and just fly straight to a perip of 47.4, then make a north-south adjustment, then fly at 270 and do a collission course.
/me is lip syncing instead
:3
/me is singing this at 2 am
I huge ice cold glass of water, then Sleepy time for Dismo, Thanks for the streams. It was nice to see them after being gone for a month, Seeya tomorrow everyone.
night Dismo
I'm sure there's more fuel efficient ways to do it, but it's not a blindly stupid way either.
I would sing, but my grandparents would have my head if I woke up my lil' sis
00,02waiting
g'night Dismo
I like songs with singing in them.. Not just sounds and voice clips thrown together... But thats just me.
Canadian_Brony: lol
00,02cher3ry, i'm not sure whats more efficent
00,02i just find kerbin orbit easier to aim
There is an epic music video for this song... Fan made but awsome.
aand Im back. Hello everyone!
TheRandomkid321 I know what you mean. I like both lyric and acoustic songs
hi Alchemist
Well most efficient would be to find the direct vector and be heading on it when you escape, so that your periph was _at_ Minmus' zone of influence.
but that's math.
and a moving target
Cnadian_Brony Aucoustic is good... Just dubstep and techno remixees NO GUSTA!
passed my last exam, got a B and Im happy for it. Gonna lay down for an hour to celebrate :D brb
second best would be to launch at the magic time when Minmus crosses the orbital equitorial plane, so you don't need a N-S adjust burn.
but that's still math :/
TheRandomkid321 join the club. No contracts, you don't pay for membership. You get a free ID card and reserved parking. No strings attached.
this playlist i starting to sound like my playlist :D
00,02WOAH
00,02dats an orbit
is*
No contracts? Good. I don't like putting my name around
00,02what apolo did here was not impact
00,02and allso setup lunar orbit
00,02which uses VERY little fuel
this seems deserving . . .
I think our moon is much more massive compared to Mun, tho.
00,02then drop the lander
00,02cher3ry, it is, but its less dense
so the Apollo orbit was a figure 8 basically.
and I'm back
hai everyone
hi OneTrickPony
00,02i like how i'm prety much going infront of the mun and stopping dead
btw, I'm Canadian_Brony if anypony's wondering
00,02this will be totaly safe
Phase4 of course! How do you think I got up there?
hey OneTrickPony!
00,02XD
how are you?
The other thing is the physics hack the game uses. Until you reach Mun's zone of influence, Mun's gravity on your ship is zero.
00,02^
All this space travel Reminds me of this guys 24 hour stream which had some X-COm ufo defense... There where 50 people on chat why was I chosen *curls up in corner* The carnage....
00,02'sphere of influence' and all that
00,02physics engine cant do n-body's
AEIOU
screw physics, I'm Pinkie Pie
Which is not what Apollo dealt with... it's a gradual rampup of Moon's gravitational influence relative to Earth on a constant curve.
I'll stick to Chemestry, thx
*chemistry
00,02yeah
which is why it's almost impossible to end up in Munar orbit directly... may be literally impossible on a single burn
00,02i'm going to slow to zero then start falling
are you going to make it?
hai MahBoi777 srry I went to go get water, I'm doing fine how bout you?
00,02cher3ry, it is imposible
I'm not positive it's literally impossible, but it's highly improbable.
00,02any orbit that gets you too mun allso gets you away from it
00,02or impacting it
00,02eiter way, you need to slow once there
OneTrickPony: lol it's okay, that's good! I'm doing fine, got to see some fireworks last night
00,02or, in my case, speed up
ksp is the hardest thing ever, i cant even get into orbit
MahBoi777: same and they're illeagal here :3
Bloomburg . . .
You'd have to get to Mun and be traveling close to Munar's relative velocity at the same time... so it can't be at perip. But then your angular away from Mun is too high, so it can't be _too_ far from perip... a perip that just skims Mun's ZOI... maybe.
I'm gonna hit they hay NIGHT EVERYPONY! :)
g'night Ponies47
hai Ponies47
00,02der we go
00,02now i'm not going to impact
Goodnight Ponies47!!
night Ponies47
OneTrickPony: lol nice
eclipse!
gnight Ponies47! sleep well
00,02lets try for landing
detatch the main vehicle!
I have managed once to see a solar eclipse from the Mun tho. :D
prepare for landing!
have to land very very close to the Munar equator, but if you do, Kerbin will properly eclipse the sun
cher3ry that's amazing
/me Hugs #bronystate
/me was hugged
and naturally you have to land on the light side... and I think close to the prime meridian too.
not sure of the last bit
00,02good
00,02landing on the light side
derp
00,02cher3ry, dont HAVE to
that is all
00,02just very much prefered
00,02what with the lack of proper altimiter
yeah
00,02that REALY needs to be added to the game
well, I land by shadows usually.
my lander has plenty of fuel to do that tho
So yeah. Goodnight wubs and all that other (squee) :)
brace for impact!
darkside landings are very tricky... no shadow clue to tell you you're on final approach
. . . eventually . . ?
00,02cutting it a bit close here
00,02cher3ry, i find the shadow comes in too late anyway
I'm usually below 20 m/s when the shadow appears, but I have an extended landing sequence usually.
I almost never enter Munar orbit.
brb
So has he reached his objective?
lol what is this game?
kerbal space program, Mister
hi Mister. Couldn't tell yah
Kimple Space Program or somethin.
Kerbal.
CLOSE ENPUGH!
That's impressive there. Haven't managed that type of approach... might have to try it next time.
land aliens on the moon
*ENPUGH!
lol Kimple
*ENOUGH!
BRACE FOR IMPACT!
Prepare for landing...
. . . eventually . . ?
SO whne do you fight the hostile aliens?
What is he playing btw?
hey
00,02well
00,02shit
ouch
NO!
00,02i screwed that up bad
*boop*
lol
too much lateral speed. they survived, but are stranded.
Time for Nixon's speech
oh f*ck!
/me boops Major_Frank
They came to explore in peace, and there they shall rest in peace.
spinning like a boss
hey Major_Frank! Kerbal space program
I see...
00,10well at least they live
Is that supposed to happen *Points at screen*
Where are the enemy aliens?
00,02they could probably fix that
they will live to see luna
00,10this is what the third crew you have stranded on the mun
at least you made it to the moon
00,02Sumica, i think its the fith
Major_Frank: all part of science
Ahh science
My trip was worse
Explains so many things
and may i also ask what is with all the different theatres
It was an impressive approach until the very end.
banishment is not a fun experience
00,02but yeah
No enemy aliens? This is great
00,02point is the rockets not big enough
Thats one badass rocket you got there
Phase4 it needs more cowbell
This time brig DUCT TAPE!
that'll help
gonna visit California in about a week, can't wait /)^3^(\
TheRandomkid321 he is. How else is it holding together? I should know, my other Bronystate name is Canadian_Brony for a reason
You know what annoys me about this song (the original has a bit of it too, but it's smoother transition at least) is Fluttershy starts sounding too Pinkie. Yes, I know, same VA, but...
rdibp have fun there! Take lots of pictures!
What in the hoof is this?
Twi: Science
Twi the music, or the rocket?
Twi: Phase4 is the best at Space.
The rocket..
btw, hi Twi
hi
00,02hen3ry, /)
Phase4: (\
Twi just that. Phase4 is trying to land on the moon with a giant rocket that still needs more cowbell
He was trying to LAND on the moon? O:
Okay..
I though he wanted to go THROUGH it
He did land on the moon, technically.
00,02Major_Frank, i allmost landed
The landing was a lil harsh
00,02well, i allmost didnt break when landing
Major_Frank eeyup. He did land, but his lander disintegrated
the legs broke off the lander, but...
00,02it didnt disintergrate
hen3ry and the main pod fell off
no boom, no deaths - except from being stranded there forever
ANd thats when moonbase alpha comes in
the main pod is designed to break off. Granted, that's for return, but...
00,02dis should work
00,02using the ones with thrust vectoring this time
this sounds familiar . ..
00,02so i have SOME controll on takeoff
"some"
I dont want to look D:
it won't be enough
Did I ever tell you guys about that time I was drafted into a UFO defence program or somethin? We went half way across the world to help some citizens who where in danger... We had to abandon them though because our men kept getting shot... mostly friendly fire.
I make a fair amount of use over vectoring engines myself.
My core rocket is six regular rockets around a central vectoring one.
Looks promising..
so many words i can't comprehend xD
straight as a bullet.
That's supposed to look like that right?
Uhhh.
Yeah!
still a bit of spin to it, but that's fine.
AdamTheDuck just go with the flow. When that isn't enough, go straight to Google
TheRandomkid321:
. . .
00,02not sure how to get them out of there
yeah
00,02not realy moving here
00,02going up sure
oooh
that's interesting
00,02need the bigger rockets
Phase4 slowly, but surely
Behold!
are you slowing?
The slowest rocket of all time
can't tell from this resolution
Phase4 you need more cowbell
Glad I aint on that ship...
00,02hen3ry, i'm speeding up now
00,02it wasnt slowing much
00,02sort of stabalizing
I have a phase on my latest one where it does that for a bit.
less atmosphere and gravity=higher acceleration and terminal velocity
00,02but yeah
solid breakoff tends to cause that. although I've never carried my dead solids like _that_
00,02the thrust vectoring is a godsend
So... Whould we ring those guy's famalies now or what?
00,02i can controll the thing now
in layman's terms: the higher, the faster
Do a backflip!
00,02TheRandomkid321, i unno
00,02not my job
00,02well
lol no do a triple heal flipple
it also gets faster as it gets lighter because fuel's burned off
00,02nvm
ouch
whoa.
erm... boom
what happened
Okay
*sich
*sigh*
Do a barrel ro-OH MY GOD YOU KILT EM!
Who bought explosives on our ship?!
/me Picks up telephone
it needs more cowbell
looks uneven
And I clikced on anpther ad :\
TheRandomkid321 *cringe* I hate that
uneven burn rates tho.
I asked which couler was my favorite.
Major_Frank: it was aliens sir
00,02should have more controll and power now
okay im back
I have their famalies on speed dial sir.
Good
don't be silly. We have a high attrition rate in KASA, so we only send orphans.
00,02i forgot about fuel XD
I have 1 can of Coca-Cola left on stand-by
00,02theres gona be an uneven fuel use
00,02ah well
yup
00,02too late now
KASA?
Kerbal Aeronautic and Space Administration
Phase4 that could cause problems
Okay
00,02forgot about the second set of srb's
it means when the strong rocket's tanks are dry, the vectoring ones will still have a bit of fuel.
Oh god who let you build these?
00,02yeah
shouldn't be a big problem, just an inefficiency really
00,02srb's are still geting stuck in the center
Phase4 I see tilting in your future
00,02might have to remove those ones
00,02Lunar_Brony, wow
00,02actualy nvm
At least if they die on thsi song it will eb epic.
00,02its not tilting
00,02why ISNT it tilting
Magnets
SHould it tilt?
because you have vectoring engines
you in space
no air resistance to pull you to the side
Phase4 I'm not psychic? Crap . . .
Open a window in there
Might help
those engines can compensate for a lot of fault
Major_Frank I don't think it has windows
MAKE WINDOWS THEN
Do i have to do everything here?!
I like this guys thinking
00,02:<
CRAP!
Major_Frank yeah. Find a way to get up there and install windows
hit space too early again?
Already did
XP?
too late, it destroyed itself
again
Didnt went acording to plan
-_(\
I might have done that
Sorry
00,02hen3ry, i didnt
Windows on a spaceship isnt the best sollution
so what happened then?
Funny. Discord is currently playing.
ka-BOOOOOM!
I love dis song
usually that only happens when a bottom section detaches and proceeds to ram the upper section
I find the possible coincidance amusing
Offcourse
DAMN YOU VICTO- I mean DISCOOOOOOOR!
Discord did it
that can't possibly fix it.
No I take that back, it is Kerbal...
00,02brb
strange things work sometimes
I blame the Nazis
Hey why you hatin Lunar_Brony
TheRandomkid321 not hatin', I'm making a joke
obviously, it wasn't very funny
/me cant' write jokes
Good... Never underestimate HITLER! (-_-)/
And I wonder why at the end of the dya people hate my presence...
Awkward silence.....
TheRandomkid321 Adolf Hitler was a great man. Excellent military strategist, just not meant to be a dictator. It doesn't help that he became mentally insane, too
Well, I've finally finished the Sensorites serial in Doctor Who.
Lunar can you blame the guy? He lost a testical.
00,02ok
00,02lets launch
Let's try'
Huh? How do you know that, TheRandomkid321?
Read it
I'm skeptical.
the same goes for Napoleon Bonaparte. The strategy and dictating, not losing a testical. *shudders*
00,10is it geting bigger?
thats what she said?
http://static.fjcdn.com/comments/I+m+pumped+Ima+a+snake.+Mmmmm+yea.+You+like+that+_3be21af86508896c1c490d84b7956c17.png
thats what she said
its going to blow up again
The engine sounds i lil broken
damnit Foster
lol
00,10sounded like part of it did
Goddamnit link
Next time I watch Doctor Who, the gang shall be in the midst of the French Revolution :3
you're gonna have to move your lower struts, Phase4.
thats what they're getting caught on
Uh uh
00,10drag chutes?
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m12reofaLh1r1qdgvo1_1280.gif
Quite so, Lunar_Brony
no explosion, but this is a fail in itself
Huston..
he tried chutes to stop the central solids from getting trapped
at least I think that was the theory
Try going up next time Pilot Phase
Lunar_Brony, are you Canadian? Actually, never mind, I know you're Canadian_Brony.
00,02Sumica, i was trying to yank those srb's out
00,02they get stuck in the center
Polydunami you answered your own question. Congratulations
00,10ahh
00,02it didnt work
Phase4 You don't say?
I have delepoped a fear of space travel after being part of X-Com alien defence...
I feel belittled.
move the struts, that's what they're getting stuck in I think
brb
gnight bronystate! thanks for the stream Phase4
Goodnight MahBoi777
00,02night MahBoi777
night
Night night MahBoi777
mornin' bros, everythin' going good?
I have not seen a message from ALicorn_Prince_Shane in a while.
I'm sleepy, brony_swan
coffie?
Hang on, anypony ever heard from TheRainbowDash lately?
Nope
I'm back
Polydunami not seen him around
g'night MahBoi777
00,02hmm
Actually, it's a her.
00,02this design is not exactly ideal
TheRainbowDash is female
MY computer got a random black screen... Its good...,W AT TEH BUCK HAPPENED!?
sup, Lunar_Brony
Polydunami though he was on yesterday apparently
this equipment maker is trolling me.
I thought, Chrysalis, that TheRainbowDash was female.
brony_swan not much. It's almost 3:00 am here
only offer for download drivers on their newest parts... fuuuuuu-
00,02it can lift itself
00,02JUST
Polydunami i assume everyone is male unless given proof
^
00,02it wouldnt be able to take of without the srb's
Lunar_Brony: its 4:51 up here
00,02i tend not to assume gender at all
11:51 in da morning
00,02i assume you're all genderless blobs
/me isn't a genderless blob
oh yeah, Polydunami.
/me is just a blob
I'm male, bro
Hmm?
TheRainbowDash changed his name.
i take the name "BRONY" to its deffinition
her*
Oh yeah?
human to be more precise
Goes by Loyaldash mostly now.
LoyalDash*
Or sometimes NommyDash.
k I'm back
Oh man, I really prefer LoyalDash
Ikr?
WHy was their a glass shatrd on the floor taht nested into my foor ?
It's original. :D
Nah im just bucking round...
Guys.
Anyways, he doesn't hand around in mane chat anymore nowadays.
what Polydunami
?
Who Ninjazz?
One of my friends dislocated her shoulder today.
She hangs out in another chatroom.
SPIN
to win
um
WEEEEEEEEEEE
O.0
She was in excruciating pain.
OWch. :S
Polydunami ouch. Tell him the brony community gives him our regards . . . or, atlest a Canadian brony does
Who?
I specifically used female pronouns.
too much info...
Wanna hear fun info?
Anyway, she's fine now: my friends and I were playing in a field just across from the Fire Dept.
Polydunami your friend who dislocated HER shoulder. Sorry, I'm tired stupid
*stupid tired
**derp
Good change it
I'm quite tired as well, it's nearly three in the morning here.
Kickstart my hearth!
Polydunami
. . .
acousticbrony please :3
same
00,02i have concluded
00,02that the rocket is still not big enough
Mister_Foster we listened to it earlier
00,02i must construct aditional stages
aww
Oh no....
im just glad its summer but night classes are gettin' anoying
logical
I love this song
00,02actually
00,02nvm
it's catchy
00,02i has srs idea
/me mumbles to the tune because I dont knwot he lyrics.
/me dance
1 hr left in my download.... grr.
Phase4 enlighten up on this "srs idea"
*us
Hmm... I want to make a slenderman Creepypasta...
Or just any creepypasta for that matter...
Any ideas here?
TheRandomkid321 I got nothin'. Too tired
i do
hmm...
care to hear
I'm heading to bed. G'night everypony!
Yeah...
cya Lunar_Brony
I know
ok, heres the "idea
stay awesome Bronystate
XD
Nuts
rap
04No, Lunar. You stay awesome.
Yeah, rap can be rather obnoxious.
Lunar_Brony already left.
Soem rap is good... SOME
TheRandomkid321: ok, the story i got is is a "zombie"story but its like a story of a lone zombie that lurks around a city at night in the darkness
O_O
brony_swan COntinue...
04I know, I just felt like saying it Poly
Poly wants a cracker. :|
Hush hush
MOAR ROCKETZ!
TheRandomkid321: this "zombie" is sort uninfectous style of zombie a..."deamon" if you will
/me shoves a cracker down Poly's throat "There, you want a cracker? HAVE SOME MORE CRACKERS!" shoves more crackers down Poly's throat
Careful now, I'll soon be known as Deep Throat.
that's not actually the best way to do the fuel lines there I don't think
04You mean the informant from the Watergate scandal?
gtg mates.... Bye.... And I'll think abut the creepypasta
TheRandomkid321: you care about this or...should i just write it O_o?
00,02still not enough rockets
00,02but meh
Well, yeah, I was making the reference.
I'm somewhat stilted in my delivery right now, being tired and all.
04:/ I was hoping you'd go through with my reference but I guess it was too...misleading
And by the way, this is NOT Phase4.
00,02?
he means the voice
00,02what do you meen
00,02oh
00,02yeah
00,02thats someone else
ouch
uneven thrusters
00,02huh
00,02left some of my boosters behind
00,02oh well
Ghosties, I seem to recognize that reference. Would you mind prodding me in the right direction?
04Are you one of my fans, Poly? (reference)
Who needs boosters anyways?
your thrusters have to all be at exactly the same level...
at least at the base.
which is a pain
Nope. I don't get it.
04Bah, oh well
04I was going for MGS
Dat song
Metal Gear Solid. Woo~
Dayum
~
my way of trying to balance the landing pad, is to move the cockpit down until the engines are actually slightly underground, with the yellow just-barely peaking out from being buried, then match the others to that exact level
without a reference it's hard
I'm not too well acquainted with Metal Gear Solid, unfortunately.
04Eh, it's fine Poly
I've only played Sons of Liberty maybe ten years ago.
Ghosties, i think i love you...
o__o
00,02tis rocket
00,02why
00,02why does it not explode
ima gunna go play a game er sumthin' and then...come back? i dont know. Im not realy tired so brb in an hour or so...
uh... because it's a fairly decent design overall?
/me glomps Ghosties for making a MGS reference
Ere sin could blight or sorrow fade, Death came with friendly care. The opening bud to Heaven conveyed, and bade it blossom there.
Yup. I still got it.
04<panda> Ghosties, i think i love you... <-- No thanks, brah o_o
00,10what in the hay are you doing with that much fuel
Hey there, Kammerjunk.
Same to you, Kammerjunk :S
Oh hi, Ninjazz.
rollin
00,02hmm
00,02uneven burn
00,02Sumica, going to space
hai Kammerjunk
ah, I know why it's uneven I think.
its your use of fuel lines
00,10ok what acounts for half the tanks
imma guess this song is called keep rollin
the best way to use em, I think, is to link the bottom tank of the first stack to eject, to the top tank of the second ejection stack, and so on
Okay, friends. I'm tired now and I think I shall head for bed.
Ghosties :( denied?
that way the first-ejecting tank is constantly refueling the second tank to full, until it's totally empty
04Night Poly
Gnight, Polydunami. Take care.
04Eh...I don't really know you, panda
Goodnight everypony.
night Polydunami
04I don't put out on the first date, ya dig :I
00,02it didnt seperate the way i wanted to
00,02hen3ry, probably
00,02i think one didnt attach right
My hex design does it that way... three stacks drain to three others, then the other three drain to the central.
I think imma head off to bed too see ya guys later
It's going to be a busy day tomorrow; cleaning up for my mom and sister coming home.
00,02note to self: start burns sooner
XD hahaha Ghosties, so... when do ya think you'll start streaming? ^-^
I'm out
04I dunno, who knows
hi Kammerjunk :)
04I don't know
:(
04I thought it would have been mid June
see ya guys
Heus, Lil_B.
and hi panda :)
08,01yay
Lil_B ^-^
04But I can't seem to get my guy to find the time to just help me learn how to stream
bye OneTrickPony :)
08,01blue contact lenses for my pinkie pie cosplay arrived today!
00,02well
00,02i wasted a lot of fuel
WHY AM I NOT ASLEEP YET
Speaking of summer, did anypony know anything about the Steam Summer Sale?
Ghosties, Phase4 could teach you... i mean... he taught me ^-^
08,01yes, i'm putting that much effort into this cosplay that i actually went to get contact lenses.
steam summr sale has it begun?
Quick_Thinker: Eeenope.
that's a line I never intend to cross... the idea of putting glass directly on my eyeball makes me cringe.
drat
i do hope you can get cyan lenses thoguh
Does somebody know how to reduce cracking noises in sound-editing? I'm already quite low on the Volume so thats not the thing causeing it :/
04Hmm, maybe, but I wanna learn from the best (no offense, Phase :P)
Quick_Thinker: Should have, were past summer sales any indicator, but hasn't.
00,02XD
00,02Ghosties, well its me, Sumica or someone who's name i cant quite remember
^-^ sorry Phase4, i tried
Oh hey, Command & Conquer 3 and 4 + Red Alert 3 is on sale.
I liked Red Alert.
00,02cher3ry
00,02dats the name
eh?
00,02hen3ry, so tis you
yeah what about me?
uh oh...
somepony is in trouble...
00,10Told you before Ghosties I could help you but DCD said he was gona do it.
00,02gota wait untill the orbits intersect
I don't know anything about streaming...
I really want a pony shirt and they are 25% of on welovefine... Its so tempting...
00,10wow, so I built a rocket that goes so fast it colpsed the rcs fuel tank.
is it still, Lil_B? I thought that ended at 6 pm pacific time
/me finally goes and googles this game so he can play it
hen3ry oh, then its over I think
Nin|MightBeSleeping kerbal...
00,02lol
00,02dat orbit
the site was apparently hammered constantly from 11 am to... whenever.
00,02Sumica, XD
00,02Sumica, i'd love to see that
bronies are the internet's native, organic, accidental DDOS
Kerbal Space Program, yes?
Nin|MightBeSleeping: yes
Ah.
00,10do you have the shuttle mod still?
hen3ry I wanted to do it yesterday, but the site was down or incredible slow all day long... I bet they just didn't know what went wrong
Lil_B: I expect that is the case. They didn't realize how much demand there was still out there waiting for a price break.
lower cost, demand soars, server crashes.
hen3ry I would ave already bought something, but I hate shipping costs... no pony shirts manufacturers in the EU :(
00,10I could pas you the save file Phase4 if you want to try it out. But I dont know if you have the mods to use it.
I don't blame you. shipping is teh pain.
00,02Sumica, probably not, i'm running stock right now
00,10ah yeah would need the coupler mod and the shuttle one.
Yay~
why did I buy a graphics tablet from a company whose webserver is apparently attached via a 56k modem? sigh.
hen3ry: Because keeping up with technology is silly.
I think it was actually a case of "oooh, that's not too expensive, maybe I'll try that..."
00,02for some reason
followed by "fuuuuuuu- i can't draw"
00,02they are showing mlp:fim ads now
00,02toys, not show
00,02at 8:30 pm
00,02during the simpsons
lolwut
hmmm
hen3ry: Do ho ho. I can't draw worth my life either, still bought a tablet.
i wonder what could of caused that
ok this looks like a decent approach...
00,02dis is going well
INB4 pictures of Pinkie AND Fluttershy on a bike.
On one of those silly multi-seat bikes.
Kammerjunk: I thought she asked for both, actually, so...
Oh.
how a pony rides a bike is a question best left... well, I guess she wants it answered now.
Pinkie, sure... but how's poor FS gonna manage?
Magic.
ow
00,02well
Allo everypony.
that... wasn't the technique.
00,02i blame the rocket
Hey there, Meanwhile/
That went well...
Ooh, Phase is killing Kerbal.
00,02too fragile
00,02Meanwhile, no
00,02just stranding them on the mun
Because that's so much better.
they survived. it's a fate worse than death since they cannot be rescued
How is that moving?
gyros
There are plenty of fates worse than death.
WHAT IS THIS WITCHCRAFT?
although, that's clearly overpowered
Eternal life, for instance.
they have eternal life
00,02those tanks are mostly full too
00,02could have made it back
00,02with extreem ease
Phase4: What a waste.
But then you fell apart.
00,02probably even made it to minmus and back
What a shame.
00,02infact this craft is easily capable of that
00,02but yeah
00,02boom
00,02:(
Morning ponyfolks.
00,02should probably split before landing
00,02unless i can get gear on the center
at a distance of roughly 3.5 billion km from home
no
Now for something without context. http://i.imgur.com/o0qBn.jpg
those thrusters are too tall for the stock lander legs. I tried
...what?
will that actually work??
Meanwhile: Shame Shizu is asleep?
00,02i'm gona cheat
00,02and use the bug
Kammerjunk: Shame? Not if I don't want to take a boot to the head it isn't.
Fair 'nuff.
00,10so yeah this rocket Phase4, it pulls 35g's on ingnition
00,02XD
00,02Sumica, bit much
do the pilots survive that?
00,10and is doing 4500m/s by the time it hits 60km
They're Kerbal, they can survive anything except explosions and water.
Okay im back
00,02ok
00,02attempt two
00,02using the bug
00,02i heard noise
I thought they had a maximum G force tho.
00,02huh
00,02they must have fixed the bug
00,10problem is the g load must be damaging somthing or there is too much drag
What??
00,02not sure where the stream is
00,10cause the oper sections colapses
08,01http://www.ebay.com.au/itm/Higgs-Boson-Particles-/251100388854
08,01i lol'd
00,02it can work
boomsound
27km particle accelerator sold separately
pff, I've got tons of Higgs Boson-like particles. 7297.35 seems pricy to me.
00,02	Q: Why is it so cheap?
00,02A: Hello Superjordansales - I am letting the market decide. This is a premium jar after all.
My higgs bosons are part of me. They keep my bits together.
I shan't be parting with them.
For 7 thousand quid, I think I can spare 3 or 4.
Worst landing ever.
FairysHuff: test
not the worst. At least they're within walking distance this time
I'm guessing the side-attachments are breaking
Am I the only one who thinks Dashie is more cute than she is awesome?
hai everypony :3
FairysHuff: Test
FairysHuffTest
dat boomn
Boom.
They lived?
HAI EVERYPONY :I
Trying to get my mIRC client to make a sound when someone TABS my name so I know I'm getting a message. Though not having much luck.
Phase4: you may want to quit and restart, physics might be broken by this point
FairysHuff: Does this help? :P
00,02little bit more kerbal then back to programing
Spell-of-Gaming Sadly no ^_^ Still no sound beep.
Phase4: That's what they all say... :3
Spell-of-Gaming Must be a setting somewhere but I can't find it.
00,02XD
One does not simply play a little bit more Kerbal.
I procastinate too much, and it's apparently "killing" my studies
dat fuel line
Spell-of-Gaming: Actually, procrastination is a very common thing, and it has a perfectly reasonable explanation.
I'm wondering if I have ADHD
lol 8 bit music ftw
Spell-of-Gaming: Doubt it. However, if you got some local egghead to block dopamine receptors in your brain, you'd just work and work.
And we get splosion.
00,02i need landing gear
FairysHuff Test
 just dont know what went wrong..
00,02not sure how to make it work
only way I know to land on a standard rocket is the .13 munar lander method
might work with lander legs, just haven't tried it
FairysHuff Test
mount tricouplers as low as they can go, then mount the legs (or wings) to the very bottom of those
er... side decouplers I mean.
uh... that won't work
both gear are operated by the same key.
hen3ry: It's funny how your name rolls off my tongue. I call you Henery
actually, the 3 is silent. :D
hen3ry: I know.
00,02screw physics
00,02i'm Phase4
Phase4: That's the spirit!
physics isn't the problem here mate, it's the landing control.
hit G.
You can join NASA with that
wheels go up as legs go down
FairysHuff test
00,02hen3ry, watch
FairysHuff: Test
FairysHufftest
grrrrrrrrrr
?
00,02ok, probably cant see it on stream
Phase4: They're floating....
Still trying to get my mIRC client to play a sound when I receive a message.
Aaaand fall.
00,02CrazyCherry, :)
gonna try sommit here
FairysHuff: In the top menu with all the icons should be one saying "Address Book".
Try clicking that and going under "Highlights".
00,02its a hack
00,02but it works
Kammerjunk FOund it but not sure what to do.
FairysHuff: Click "Add" and add your name.
And whatever else you want to ping you.
Well im need to get going now :)
i*
See y'all later :D
Dat song timing.
FairysHuff Test
00,02i sware the gyroscopes have stopped working
FairysHuffTest
good morning everyone :)
Yo everypony
ok, I have a method, it's almost as hackish, but it looks like it should work
Kammerjunk Done. Don't know if it's working though.
Salve, sergio_scriptor et DustyNomad.
00,02i have no controll right now
FairysHuff: Is it?
What?
Phase4: lol
DustyNomad: Hi.
Thats better :P
Kammerjunk *Sigh* No... ~_~
What weird game is this :/
Kammerjunk I'll try again
DustyNomad: Michael Bay: The Game.
DustyNomad: Kerbal space programm
Phase4 favorite game :)
So basicly build a rocket to go to space?
DustyNomad: yep
00,02sergio_scriptor, i'd say so yea
Yes. SPAAAAAAACE
Radial decoupler as low as it will go, attached to another radial decoupler, as low as it will go (floating in air at that point at the base...), with legs mounted to it as low as they'll go... and that gives you enough clearance to land.
...If it doesn't explode beforehand.
00,02DustyNomad, you CAN go to space
Nope
00,02hen3ry, i'm going to make what i think you meen
FairysHuff Test
You got to the moon
I can send you a simple proof of concept
FairysHuff: Tests be testin'.
:)
KammerjunkStill no worky.
Lol
Music changing
FairysHuff: Well, that rustles my jimmies.
I meant the other decoupler type
TMI Anyone know that game?
What game, DustyNomad?
Tales of Monkey Island?
I like Monkey Island.
Kammerjunk It would have helped had I clicked "Enable Highlights" *Double face hoof* ~_~
FairysHuff: Do ho ho.
00,02this should work
That slaps me on the knee.
Idk I forgot it but its a game where you have bowling balls you hit the mouse cat or whatever
Kammerjunk Now it works ^_^ LOL
08,01my eyes are blue
My eyes are red
hitting on the Spice too much?
success!
Looks like that *puts on glasses* didnt work YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
00,02hmmm
Kammerjunk Thanks for the help.
Yup. This is Kerbal Space Program.
Make the rocket spin around. :P
FairysHuff: No problem.
Phase4 GET THAT PONY MUSIC BACK ON NOW...please :<
O.O
My language teacher last grade just become our art teacher this grade. FML
Your ram is ded
dem full HDs
Dem almost full disks.
Consarnit, hen3ry.
I play tf2 diablo 3
DOWNLOAD RAM!
what? Great minds and fools, I say, and I can play either part.
but this laptop sux
actually
My mouse sucks
Why are people celebrating 4th of july though :/
DustyNomad: Because fireworks!
I heard you can download disk drive space. :P
Because it's the 5th?
I really don't know, I don't celebrate it.
You wouldn't download a hard drive!
Whats sop good about 4th july I dont know.
DustyNomad: Independence.
Wooo moosic :3
independance?
It's taken me two days and help from Kammerjunk but I FINALLY have my mIRC client set up ^_^ yay!
What
July 4 is the Independance Day of US, I think. :3
I dont know whats a independance day is
Damnit, Kammerjunk. :3
Wait a second... That Phase4 pony is looking TOWARDS the screen when looking at BronyState. But that means the BronyState screen is mirrored!
Spell-of-Gaming: :D
Yes it is. Because the actual document was signed on July 1-2.
Meh
00,02Kammerjunk, good point
I drank 2 cups of hot chocolate
no wait, I got that wrong.
I need more
Oh hi, Ghostipedia.
MORE HOT CHOCOLATE
the vote was on July 2, the signing was August 2. So of course they picked July 4.
2+2=4
dang I'm getting AdBlocker+
Brb E-Ponys
Yeah, but July 2 is the 183rd day of the year (Not counting leap years), and August 2 is the 214th.
And now I shall sleep for a bit because of medicationies. ^_^ Back in a couple hours.
00,02o i c
183 + 214 = 397.
00,02its detatching them
08,01look at my beautiful blue eyes: http://ompldr.org/vZW5zNw
huh. That wasn't the problem I expected.
08,01Kammerjunk: 2
Ah.
I tend to find lenses can grow annoying if you wear them all day, but that might just be my eyes.
Back E-Ponys
bit of a wobble but...
Boom.
I'm okay with caramel mixed with coffee, but that taste it leaves is just unbearable. :I
(aguy:wb)
Spell-of-Gaming: Really? I love caramel in coffee.
:P
What's even better, though, is mocha.
I LOVE mocha.
08,01the lenses a bit clearer: http://ompldr.org/vZW5zYQ
I believe you called my lander a bit heavy? :D
CARAMEL IN COFFEE? What the heck is wrong with people.
DustyNomad: Hey, it's good!
Caramel in ice cream is better
08,01i'm so excited abotu this cosplay!
08,01i'm spending faaaar too much money on it
cosplay
What
08,01i even got a plush alligator to attach to myself
The concept itself is pretty weird, but once you taste it, oh god so delicious. :3
What
DustyNomad: Yeah, caramel in ice cream is pretty damn awesome.
08,01mm
08,01caramel in icecream
08,01tasty
legs must be slightly off balance.
04I want something sweet to eat now, great, thanks you guys >:I
I eat caramel with ice cream nuts with ice cream vanilla ice cream blablabla
Ghosties: You should totally do that.
08,01Ghosties: pie and icecream
00,02i'ma put that aside for now
00,02code time
08,01sorry, i just ruined you day
but with that much weight, the legs have to be exact I think.
For some reason, I think the rocket counterpart of RCT3 is Kerbal Space Program. :P
Ghosties Poitatos?
probably also another series of them at the outermost point of the triangle
08,01Kammerjunk: yum
Ghosties A pie filled with hot ice cream some caramel and chocolate your favourite chocolate
The combination of cream, jelly and strawberry in that delicious bottom is just splendid.
....
delicious ass?
wat
No, strawberry pie.
So wait, what language is this, Phase4?
I just don't know the english word for pie-bread.
00,02Spell-of-Gaming, java
Hes scripting
00,02more commonly know as bad
bad java, that sounds right.
bad java?
Dahec
00,02looking at ThreadPool.java right now
Hey, Java is alright.
...java rice. /derp
00,02DustyNomad, java sucks
Y?
00,02interesting class
I'd prefer to learn a more platform-centered language, though.
00,02DustyNomad, incredibly verbose, confusing and badly made librarys
00,02slow
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
What..
00,02VERY ineficent with memory
I dont get it
DustyNomad: Java. The programming language?
00,02i dont think the language itself is the problem
Phase4: You remind me of my 'friend'
Wut it isnt programming its for minecraft :P
00,02i think its programers suck
the tradeoffs they made to make it "universal" are an issue.
And yet, for some reason, Java still manages to create awesome games. :I
00,02Spell-of-Gaming, well theres minecraft
00,02thats the only thing in java thats worth it
hen3ry: I agree. The only reason I want Java is because I just got an Android.
00,02wish they chose a different language for android
00,02surely they could have used .net
00,02much better vm
00,02this class is strange and confusing, why does it need to exist
I used to do C and Perl coding, still occasionally will do stuff with it. But I don't touch java.
Android is can be pretty dangerous for someone who just wants a smartphone, after all, it's pretty open-source.
I want a hammer to destroy my galaxy tab. It cant delete images it Cant delete history When I'm watching videos I manage to press the Youtube Button and the other buttons and its a pile of shit
00,02its a superclass of Thread, and does basicaly nothing but track thread creation
Spell-of-Gaming: It can be pretty dangerous for anyone without common sense.
00,02Spell-of-Gaming, i dont see why that makes it dangerous
Open source is everybody's business.
00,02DustyNomad, odd, i can do all those things on my phone
Android is basically a stripped and heavily modified linux, isn't it?
No its a galaxy tab
00,02hen3ry, the kernel is modified linux
you know like a ipad
00,02DustyNomad, yes. an android tablet
00,02the core os is 90% the same
An iPad is WAY DIFFERENT from a Galaxy TAb.
Yea
a galax tab tbhats big as a ipad
00,02the only real difference is the ui
...That, and it's not Apple.
Actually, a Galaxy Tab is pretty small
Actually there are types
Small nd ipad size
Piece of shit.
GIVE ME A AXE
DAMMIT
Twilight? Get mah rope.
all I have is a plastic sword, will that do?
That is the best badass AJ line in the entire series.
A PLASTIC SWORD? Obvious kid
DustyNomad: I don't have an axe, but I do have a rusty iron pipe I once poked myself in the eye with.
Will that do?
SURE
*destroys the galaxy tab then dies because it exploded*
DustyNomad: Post that to /r/Android and see how much will you be downvoted to Oblivion.
Lol
Its a piece of shit
I have never used Reddit.
apparently I'm getting a hand-me-down iPad this month. Never used an iPad before.
00,02what i want to do is catch exceptions and post them somewhere
00,02getting all sorts of strange behaviour and cant reproduce some of it
Ok you can delte history but you cant delete pictures.
Scribblenauts Remix is pretty much one of the few best games on an iOS.
I used to know how to do that in C. Won't help with java tho :/
00,02DustyNomad, it realy needs a proper file manager, theres none intergrated into android but esFileManager is fairly good
00,02hen3ry, in c you handle sigsegv (on linux, something similar on windows or its exception whatnots)
of course, my C code was a disaster... bits of borrowed bad idea code from elsewhere too...
Okay, guys: Suddenly, your uncle/grandfather/whatever dies and leaves you with more money that you could possibly spend in your lifetime. Do you quit your job?
I can't wait until Scribblenauts Unlimited for Windows, though.
00,02in this you have a listener class thing, not sure exactly how to use it though
Guys I'm gonna go attempt to make a minecraft ore
Kbsi
00,02Kammerjunk, depends, if i enjoy my job then no
Kbai E-pony
like the anti-crash code I borrowed... which essentially copied everything in memory to a crash file, suspended user input, finished crashing, rebooted itself, then reloaded the memory. Nevermind the active memory was probably what crashed the damn thing in the first place.
00,02given that i could never have a job i dont enjoy, i'd do it
00,02hen3ry, that
What mods should I upload in my minecraft?
00,02wow
00,02hen3ry, that is scary
yes, it is.
I kinda like waking up every morning on schedule and working a set period of time. Choices are confusing.
and that was for a chat program... multi user environment.
00,02hen3ry, thats evil, NEVER do that
I know better. _now_
MinecraftCherry: What mods do you have? :3
Spell-of-Gaming: Single player commands and toomanyitems so far...
what you guys talking about?
00,02wait
TooManyItems is way too useful.
00,02dafaq
Spell-of-Gaming: I just thought of Tkkit.
Tekkit*
I dunno,it's just more enjoyable than Creative mode.
ALL the innuendos!
what song is this guys? and hi everypony :)
Salve, ninja_pony et Darkts3|Drawing|MLG.
MinecraftCherry: I recommend Minecraft Comes To Life, if you like simulation games like Harvest Moon and Animal Crossing
Et ave, Invi.
00,02this code
00,02the crap
00,02i dont see how this works
harvest moon was awesome
00,02it seems to restart EVERY running thread each time you start a new one
played that for days
Yeah, I absolutely LOVE having to wait for something in real-time.
lol agreed
it's java. that might actually be what it's doing...
Also, "I can scare the shit out of my neighbour in 10 seconds flat."
That sounds like a challenge to me.
doesn't it have to launch client-side most of those threads?
at least the UI
imm bored can anyone reccomand an awesome rts or a game like harvestmoon?
00,02ThreadPool athreadpool[] = new ThreadPool[i + Math.min(Math.max((int) ((double) i * 0.40000000000000002D), 1), 100)];
00,02i dont even
yeah...
00,02every now and again
00,02i look at this code
create an array of threadpools of the minimum of the maximum of... magic.
00,02see breif flashes of logic
Oh hey, I only have 110 tabs open!
00,02then i look closer and see more crap
00,02:'(
I used to have like, 150.
so who is responsible for the abomination?
00,02hen3ry, 'shi-chan'
00,02its a decompile of the paintchat
huh. Never trust code from a -chan. Insist on at least a -kun, preferably a -san.
00,02figured it'd be ok sense shi-chan has more or less not existed sense 2003
00,02XD
I look at that code, Phase4, and I try to comprehend it, but I can't
I just can't.
00,02it could be worse
00,02we could be looking at M.java
Fair 'nuff.
I'm still trying to conceptualize it based on how I'd write it if I had to.
server side holds the "chat" and the "canvas," and everything else is client side, I'd guess.
00,02int i6 = ai2[3] << 24 | ai2[2] / k5 << 16 | ai2[1] / k5 << 8 | ai2[0] / k5;
bitshifting.
00,02return i1 << 24 | j1 + (int)((float)((j >>> 16 & 0xff) - j1) * f) << 16 | k1 + (int)((float)((j >>> 8 & 0xff) - k1) * f) << 8 | l1 + (int)((float)((j & 0xff) - l1) * f);
... fuck it, we'll do it live.
00,02lets not forget the abuse of the ? opperator
00,023.8k lines of obfuscated java
phase4
yeah. I'm guessing all of those have to do with the canvas part, but still, that's... that's not code, that's a code's abortion.
dat code wall
Phase4: l4d2?
00,02hen3ry, plus theres unused variables and functions in the code
This coding is scary.
00,02which meens the compiler didnt optimize them out
00,02which meens thats not far from the original code
of course there's unused variables and functions, the programmer couldn't have possibly kept track of them all
00,02yeah, but they should be optimized away
the complexity of the chat is overwhelming
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: you mean too damn high
Java isn't my cup of tea, I'm afraid. I've never even tried to hello world with it.
fuck off youtube i do have rights to post MY FUCKING OWN MUSIC I MAKE
silly youtube
my crazy chat program at least used multiple source code files, and each one had a logical section of what the overall program was doing.
the amount of chaos in this java is too damn high
00,02my god
00,02hen3ry, shi-chan is secredly discord D:
I'm not sure about that, but shi-chan may well have been stoned
00,02tool = (ToolBox)Class.forName("paintchat." + s2 + ".Tools").newInstance();
00,02this software has a habbit of dynamicly invoking via class names
honestly it's sounding at this point more like a rewrite from scratch than a patch job.
yup
Crash?
honestly it's sounding at this point more like a rewrite from scratch than a patch job.
00,02internet death
Silly Internet.
00,02hen3ry, yeah, been thinking of that
also, fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu-.
My tablet is model 504. The company renamed everything, and there is a model 504 of three different types now... each requiring a different driver.
00,02dats better
00,02stream working?
yeah streams up
00,02only on the second set of tanks
00,02this will go well
Still exploring the final frontier I see.
http://i48.tinypic.com/34qtemx.png
best photoshop ever
Seen supirior photoshop
Not many people talkin.... Kinda eerie...
yeah a bit
00,02well
00,02i screwed this up
http://lolmls.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/LOLMLS_073.jpg
Oh this is bad
00,02i'ma launch my much better rocke
00,02t
Serioulsy though... WHere is everyone? There where heaps on a couple of hours ago.
wow so many awesome people are going to be at Comic-Con this year
oh?
Well I would work on my creepypasta but I have van't concetrate with this in the BG. And I don't wish to leave.
I am so tired....
Can I post a video link, Phase4? :3
Hello Spell-of-Gaming
rasputin
00,02Spell-of-Gaming, sure
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90WznJlh3Ew&feature=related
I am aprroximatly 8-10 seconds behind.
08,01hahaha
08,01i just had the best idea
08,01for taking my cosplay even further
thats normal, we're always a little behind the actual stream
08,01i'm scenting all my clothes with vanilla!
08,01so i smell like a bakery!
just a teaspoon
08,01behind each eaer
08,01*ear
08,01and i'll smell like a cookie all day
08,01Spell-of-Gaming: pinkie pie cosplay
I want these aqua cat eye cpntact lenses. They dont do nothin for me bit id wear em anyway.
08,01it's going to be EPIC
00,02XD
hello every one
cosplay where?
how are you all
BUCK I'm guessing?
08,01TheRandomkid321: male
08,01DeadpoolDash: BUCK
08,01brony uk convention
50 bits this crew also dies a fire death.
/me disengages Lurkmode.
ah, so not Comic con then
I meant straned on the MOON!
hay Vacation_Wrek :D
ohai
Alos Vacation_Wrek
just dropping by real quick sayin' hi
Le Mooo
08,01hmm
08,01okay, i need to find an odourless deoderant
08,01so i can mask my naturally sweaty smell while smelling of cookies
08,01hey wrek
08,01wrek: i'm totally maxing out my pinkie pie cosplay
08,01i got blue contact lenses
Not sure what to do for my creepy pasta... I need a drawing board....
08,01and i'm going to make myself smell of vanilla
your hair gottasmell cotton candy
08,01that's a good point
08,01but alas, the stuff i'm putting in it to make it non frizzy has a smell to it
08,01though, actually
/me 08,01just remembered that his leave in conditioner smells of jojoba
08,01which will mix with it for a pleasant smell
08,01of dried fruit and flowers
bytehway could you PM me? got soem question
s
Bye guys.... I may be on later
00,02hmm
00,02theres something on the moon
00,02i might go have a look at it when i manage a lunar rovar
00,02rover'
supposedly an "arch" there.
plus all your debris of course.
00,02two minutes till perapsis
00,02hen3ry, that too
Phase4: whats if it is luna her self
00,02:D
you might not have an actual perapsis... I've landed at altitudes that high.
That would be awesome
00,02dis is a little close
00,022.8k
nevermind killing off hundreds of m/s of lateral velocity.
00,02i think thats a mountoune therei
00,02i cant spell
00,02shit
00,02hit space
00,02well
00,02nvm then
00,02once more with tri
00,02or program
00,02hmmm
00,02who's still here?
yo
what?
Decided I'll try landing it your style before bed, see if I can actually manage it.
dat VioletGreySha :3
Invi|room_cleaning: oh u ;3
I am looking at the list of people that will be at Comi Con
Comic
/me huggles VioletGreySha :3
00,02hen3ry, its hard
00,02i've managed a few landings
it looks hard.
00,02though i think its the controlls more than anything
I'm pretty sure my way is easier, even if it does burn way more fuel and take a long time.
00,02absolute pain
/me hugs Invi|room_cleaning back :3
Phase4: Crash in to the moon like a boss
00,02cow334, k
whohoo
Lawl
00,02tri is my favorite design
00,02bout the same as quad, but two instead of three outer boosters
00,02i meen 4
00,02two instead of four
Did mr silence die?
hi RX-78-SweetieBot
00,02stupid orbit
00,02i sware the rockets got less powerfull
Phase4: Dumb orbit...
Phase4 gravity maybe just got stronger :D
00,02ders the intercept
I got hungry. So I went downstairs and made a Sandvich.
Dat Higgs Boson
00,02cow334, i'd rather try land
00,02probably gona hit the moon anyway
00,02after this back to java or bed
hello
Phase4: lawl well as long if it likw a faust or boss
cow334: what about CEO?
http://www.comic-con.org/cci/exclusives/ee17.jpg
http://www.comic-con.org/cci/exclusives/ee3.jpg
lol tourist woona http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-PEASBeQJ3Zw/T_SpvtwlfWI/AAAAAAAAIAI/XKp-NSwBIbo/s1600/tour_de_france__by_holivi-d55p2th.jpg
http://www.comic-con.org/cci/exclusives/neca6.jpg
Luna is best travelling companion.
twilight_sprinkle: awesome
ohai CCCP :)
hi
i found some neat trixie pics for you
although you may have already seen them
twilight_sprinkle: oh cool :D
User0 is dat Higgs Boson actually confirmed as legit?
CCCP: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-SGSkEn1Oayc/T_Spsc_Zu1I/AAAAAAAAH_4/MJnRJYuV6_0/s1600/the_evening_prior_by_thepingaslord-d560t4w.jpg]
Invi|room_cleaning: almost... almost...
User0 and that almost is exactly the point.
Invi|room_cleaning: "Scientists say the newly discovered particle mostly matches the description of the fabled Higgs boson, although more data is needed."
00,02like an arrow
twilight_sprinkle NIce! i actually havn't seen that before
00,02hen3ry, about to try land
CCCP: trying to link a few more but inet is being screwy
twilight_sprinkle: Fanon Trixie is awesome.
User0 i know the likelyhood is about 99.99994% but that is not confirmed
Kammerjunk: fanon? wut means?
twilight_sprinkle: awww
that looks more like one of my typical approaches. 16km up and zero momentum except on the z axis
twilight_sprinkle: Well, Trixie isn't a very developed character in the show. That leaves room for so much. For example, my personal headcanon is that Trixie just wants to be famous, by any means necessary.
Invi|room_cleaning: Phase4 might be adding more data to the research with his gravity research
00,02XD
:D
Kammerjunk: ah i see
Kammerjunk: my fanon is that shes just insecure and wants wub
I just want to point out that there should be no immediate explosions
ok CCCP it loaded, http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-XuEWjcCZnn0/T_SpTSzKHhI/AAAAAAAAH-0/ReokSLZv2ls/s1600/journey_by_c_cain-d5629uf.png
twilight_sprinkle: that is awesome! :D
CCCP: and heres a flootershai http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-RoVrGIrND-k/T_SpQAuFB0I/AAAAAAAAH-s/TWhiGxFIhwI/s1600/fbd39e809ea2c76cdb04292ceb0fadde-d563c88.png
twilight_sprinkle: yay
:D
/me glomps Twi_Fi
oops
/me glomps twilight_sprinkle
lul, Twi_Fi stole my glomp :D
/me nomz CCCP
00,02GODDAMNIT
backflip!
00,02this game
XD
00,02why you break on me
:(
00,02i sware this has changed
00,02something has changed
lyra isnt satisfied with 1 hand, or even 2 http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-U7CC3a2Onxg/T_SpywtUzmI/AAAAAAAAIAQ/fIvKuqY-Y6M/s1600/tumblr_m6e1xbsscx1ru37q6o1_1280.jpg
00,02everything is falling apart
um i need help with something is any of u good with computers?
Phase4: Pewdiepie would have been proud...
i sound like a n00b yes
maybe their superglue supply rane out phase
no CCCP just has a terrible guidance sysytem.
dat Lyra
Phase4: not enough duct tape - that is always the reason
Mutterguy: :P
Dat boom
lol mutterguy_
Did somepony say Fluttershy? C:\Users\Kasper\Pictures\b\4chan\poni\Pictures\Pictures\The Mane Cast\FlutterShy
goddammitctrlc
http://i.imgur.com/m9mdP.jpg
Kammerjunk: O_O >/b/
00,02cow334, well
00,02i did a backflip
awww
CCCP: you need to fix your guidance system, you pinged the wrong mutterguy :D
00,02kinda like a boss
yay now you just need a thruster :D
00,02Invi|room_cleaning, ikr
CCCP: Yeah, it was a torrent I downloaded from some chan once.
twilight_sprinkle: lul
i see
does anyone know how to get the songs that i downloaded for stepmania on to step mania ?? http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/07/friendship-is-magic-stepmaniaitg-pack.html
retri paladin twi? http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-obMCSj6gqqI/T_Sp2jIijXI/AAAAAAAAIAY/AHZTDIec8lA/s1600/tumblr_m6fy47loyf1ru37q6o1_r1_1280.jpg
But seriously, ponies in braids looks awesome.
dat imperial walker
00,02well that broke
why is there two of me?? oh right I accidently closed the chat and he hadn't died yet.
00,02hen3ry, the gear bugged out
00,02i did a backflip
howd that happen?
00,02and lost my engine
00,02i have no clue
Phase4 can you gibe mutterguy_ the boot
?
but there were backflips and 'splosions, so it was all k
weird, you looked like a solid trajectory then next thing I knew bewm
there are no boots...
actually make that Mutterguy
00,02i cant
00,02register your nickname
00,02then you can use /ns ghost
oh btw, I can ping myself ... hur hur hur
mutterguy_: maybe you still have that window open? happened to me once, i was sure i closed it but turned out no
so i herd u gais liek fluttershai http://i.imgur.com/aMhkX.png
Its fun to go in a PM with your self
lol wat was that?
Phase4: 4th of july was yesterday...
00,02User0, yes...
Phase4 maybe they changed the way it handels ship saves?
pyro derpy says happy 4th of july http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-noAALfsE3zA/T_Ss9xLnfMI/AAAAAAAAIA8/hJgCKdmmmeg/s1600/happy_4th_of_july_2012_by_johnjoseco-d562xab.jpg
hi Lil_B ^^
this drawfriend has lots of good pics, ima stop linking them, theyre all on eqd
hi invi :)
Good afternoon everypony :)
hi Invi howq often do you clean your roomOo
hi killerpony7733 :)
I have fallen like a month behind on EQD... just so busy lately...
well just one more. loony woony http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-4KCLKa_rPwk/T_SucVU5m2I/AAAAAAAAIBk/sfhUNAIt2Vk/s1600/story_time__by_thundercrackermlp-d562a9d.png
Lil_B well, it was only the desk for the last 3 days xD
If it wasn't for my full time job, I wouldn't be in the room often...
twilight_sprinkle: i like that one alot
that woony is so loony
twilight_sprinkle: Bah, is that satin?
I hate satin.
User0: a month is a lot. im gone for a week and it takes me hours to gho through all the stuff i miss
hai guys
twilight_sprinkle: I like the luna headset in the lower left corner XD
Bye everypony!
hi rdibp :)
twilight_sprinkle: I do skip fanfics and stuff since I would really have no time then...
Kammerjunk: whos satin?
twilight_sprinkle: Satin the material.
User0: me too though
Kammerjunk: i have no idea if it is :$
twilight_sprinkle: yeah, I don't know if I'll ever make it through all of those posts...
twilight_sprinkle: http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-MpksArxCI_o/Tbroo-qpAmI/AAAAAAAAACM/6akfkTd6DVI/s1600/army-wives-red-satin-31000.jpg This is satin.
Kammerjunk: dumb fabric
User0 I only go on EQD to see Drawfriend Stuff anymore, or if I see some specially interresting article
User0: i can keep posting this drawfriend if you want, so you dont miss this one
User0: Quite.
I see it now, you guys are teaming up on me...
Lil_B: I just need to sit down and do it
twilight_sprinkle: don't worry about it
Kammerjunk: hm, the eqd pic doesnt look like it
User0: k
hmm going to D?C for a short while
It looks like some sort of fancy material.
http://derpy.me/I0S30
good morning/day all.
http://derpy.me/pbJRN
hi WallDives
hoi WallDives
CCCP: dat shiz be crazy
:#
well that's embarassing. Got it into lunar orbit but because of a couple burn errors, ended up out of fuel.
hen3ry: and another 3 kerbals are slain...
good thing we got plenty more
hen3ry: indeed
User0: its probably the same 3 kerbals, but their souls are imprisoned for testing and they just get reborn in new bodies readied for them
actually my kerbals have a decent survival rate... if the launchpad doesn't get em, they usually land safely
00,02hmmm
00,02its 22:30
00,02my bad
00,0223:00
00,02and i havent had dinner
00,02this could be a problem
Phase4: never, food is overrated
http://derpy.me/z24sG
well I am off to commit unspeakable acts elsewhere. Ciao, ponies
hen3ry: bye
hen3ry: Don't die, dying is bad...
nah, I'm not gonna die. Just gonna act in a silent film, I think
hence, unspeakable. xD
lol
http://a1.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/s720x720/399502_496104940407097_687961551_n.jpg
Oh, crashing.
You so silly.
Oh wow, it's actually quiet here
For once
Hey Kammerjunk!
Hi. I've been here all day, I just crashed.
I'm actually trying to get some work done - an ambitious goal, but we'll see if I can actually do it
Wow
This is actually so nice
I can't remember the last time BronyState was as quiet as this
john madden
Yep.
NO ITS NOT
...
Its not quiet
And you guys had to fucking ruin it.
/me plays loud music
Goddamnit.
http://a1.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/s720x720/399502_496104940407097_687961551_n.jpg
ScootaChicken: lulz
why is chat dead? :(
00,02hmmm
Beacue its early in the morning
00,02this function
00,02it shows a dialog, then catches exceptions
No its not its 354:55
or what everf
hi Mutterguy :)
00,02this code is so bizare
http://derpy.me/z24sG
oops
wrong link
what are you coding Phase4 ?
Phase4: don't die, dying is bad
00,02working on the paintchat
ok :/
Darn it I was hoping my ghost would D?C by now
00,02User0, sound advice
Is this stream supposed to be interesting?
CCCP: I'm enjoying it
User0 :P
well im out, cyall
see ya twilight_sprinkle.
bye twilight_sprinkle
What did the catholic priest say at the AA meeting?
Alcohol is ruining my life.
Bissful silence.
*Blissful
i hate it
This is just like the good ol' days.
Before the idiots started invading.
somepony say something!
Nah, keep it quiet.
CCCP don't miss this time!
:(
/me points to Twi_Fi
well.. it is calming :)
CCCP Well if i knew how to be a comedian i sure would say something :D
shhh
meh stream is too small read even I knew
*to
I'm currently try to edit a Video, does somebody know a visual I can use to get an Oscellator?
LilB the WMP has one built in
Chrysalis but I'm trying to edit a video... well, I could just play the song on WMP and record that, but the quality wouldn't be that good
good morning guys
morning, DarkStar.
DarkStar: Mornin
morning
6 minutes of silence, not bad guys
Chat is dead, long live the chat.
well, at least I figured out why I couldn't change my name XD
let's take it to 11
I was still in the chat on the site, so Lil_B was blocked XD
hello everpony
hi yifle1
aww, yifle1 you're disturbing the silence :P
XD
We WERE going to take to 11
Wat
Is bolded words allowed?
Hey
Im just gonna test
real quick
EEEEnope
No I accedently sent too many messages, I'm not used to tha
that* :P
I like silence. So tranquil and idyllic.
Alright I'm curious, I'm only gonna do this once to test if bold is allowed. I'm not sure.
test
HOw's the work going, Phase4 ?
Could've told you if you asked.
guess not :P
00,02Vordox, slowly
Phase4: want some random entertainment? ^^
00,02i'm tired and i'm distracted
00,02startrek is on tv
/me nuzzles Phase4.
Oh, yay Star Trek
*is going to stand on the head of the next pony who enters the stream*
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/3/Q9Nao7l8tUuYHzHQrDQXWQ2.jpg
sup every pony
/me 00,02hugs User0 back
Chrysalis: That's probablythe only thing relating to the Annoying Orange I like.
probably the*
phase
Cypresswolf: was that your cue?
User0
yes?
BRO HOOF
I was waiting on 101, it was 100 when I posted that :)
Cypresswolf: fair enough
TheKoreanBrony1354: must I do this right now, I'm kinda at work..
Work is silly.
equstria girls
love that song
08,01so i'm putting way too much thought and money into this cosplay
oh hai Vordox :), I worked a bit more on the picture
08,01maybe i'm taking it a bit too far
Hai Lil_B
Lil_B: It's going good? D:
Hello whoever entered the stream :)
dont i get a hi
08,01i just spent the whole morning playing amateur chemist to try and make my hair smell like cotton candy, while moisturising it so it won't frizz up
Hello TheKoreanBrony1354
:D
Vordox yes, clothes are done (except the ... shoes?... on his front legs, I still can't get the hair right tho
The hair is a pain told ya :P
08,01i also found an odourless deoderant
00,02seems everything still works
08,01and i'm going to apply vanilla and almost essence to my skin and clothes
08,01to make me smell like a bakery
00,02but it should bug me when there are uncaught exceptions
Vordox no, I told you the hair is har, you told me the clothes are hard, but they were easy XD
08,01i was looking through my drawers for vanilla essence, and i came accross the almost
08,01and i thought "i wonder what this smells li-- HOLY COW YES"
Lil_B: The cloth was easy. :P
00,02now i just need to trigger an excaption
how do you make the live stream text in a small square
08,01i was also speaking to my brother, who used to be a biochemist, and knows how to make esters (artificial scents)
Vordox I'm gonna give you the link to the newest version :)
08,01Phase4: i did
00,02:)
08,01Phase4: i'm just working on taming the frizz now
08,01and getting it less sticky
Lil_B: Awesome =3
hey
this place is barren ;A;
08,01see, this is what happens when someone with ADHD hyperfocuses on something...
Hello DrHobo *stands on Dr's head*
or not dB
/me 08,01licks Honeybadger
Cypresswolf: e3e -pokes you-
Oh mai~
00,02aspergers has about the same thing
08,01meanwhile, at work... "WHERE THE HELL IS ANDREW?"
*shuffles on Dr's head*
00,02XD
Cypresswolf: oh god why
08,01Meanwhile: oh, whoops
08,01i pinged you
m
so. What the heck is the person streaming streaming?
DrHobo: code
User0: code for what?
DrHobo: If I'm not mistaken, Phase4 is streaming himself cleaning up code.
DrHobo: paintchat
User0: oh
I haz glostick axe dB
08,01Honeybadger: a bit
Alright, I'll wait then ;)
anyone hear listen to superpony beat
busy
sorry ^_^
00,02thing is uncaught exceptions normaly kill the vm
00,02so theres none to test this
00,02and eclipse has this horrible habit of detecting that scenario
your not there yet
keep up the good work
00,02which is excelent, but it wont let you compile if that scenario is detected
sounds like java?
who hear likes dub step
how was everypony's 4th of july? (if you're in the US :u)
terrific
in that case its actually the java compiler that detects uncaught checked exceptions
DrHobo I only saw one fireworks display and didn't shoot any off
I was like "FAP!"
Gunny: oh
oops
typo
o_o
derpy + fire works
00,02strange
Gunny: lol. isn't fap usually the sound make during (deleted content here)?
hi TheKoreanBrony1354
/me fap fap fap
hello amercian citizen
/me sneaks up behind Phase4
CCCP: ponies?
almost 9 am, no calls from work yet...already finished my paperwork - playing animal crossing now
DrHobo: no
CCCP: mkay
DERPY + FIRE WORKS
00,02Bronysith, RED SPY IN THE BASE
/me hugs Phase4
/me 00,02hugs Bronysith back
so, Phase4, your streaming dB
08,01okay, i think i've got the proportions right
08,01i'm using jojoba oil, honey, and strawberry flavouring
08,01this is in my hair
so anywho
HIYA EVERYPONY
08,01and maybe some egg white for hold
hi Bronysith
Gracie showed up in my town today - glitched when I tried to talk to her after getting the letter, none of the buttons worked - couldnt enter a house, or save - Resetti was MAD
08,01though then my hair will smell of egg
08,01and i don't want that
/me is away: I'm off doing other things; most likely sleeping or eating.
08,01hmm
08,01i might put some egg white in an atomiser
08,01and spray it in as my hair dries
08,01actually, no
08,01i know what
08,01i'll comb it in, then atomise some more of the jojoba stuff on top
08,01to get rid of the smell
08,01i'll need to try this when when i'm home from work
I wish Resetti could tell the difference between purposfully not saving & the battery going out or a glitch like I just had
oh, god, I just hic-upped and burped at the same time .-.
It urt
ohai everypony
*hurt (lol, I hiccuped again, sorry)
hi Jin
*Jim (GODDAMNIT HICCUPS!
ehehe
pretty accurate description http://derpy.me/eYuQD
User0 i intend to hide mine
What happens when you get resetti too many times - most I got was around 30 where he makes the screen blackout for a couple minutes
Chrysalis: well, he is trying it out on his own hair first, so I'm not as scared...
08,01MY GOD I JUST REALISED I DON'T HAVE ANY PARTY STREAMERS
WHAT
yeah, but i put alot of effort into my hair, eggwhite would kind of undo that
/me 08,01is actually turning into pinkie pie
Ha ha. Putting effort into hair.
I just let it grow and then get it shaved when it gets too long.
Streamers is a must for any dress
bet*
woo having to buy 3 damn packs of red hair dye
MFW i eat the food
And who know? Maybe in the years to come, we'll be able to change our hair colour via DNA.
Kammerjunk unlikely
08,01Kammerjunk: we can already do that
Figures.
what are you people trying to make? .-.
h
]
ummmm.... AHAHAHHAHAHHAHHAHA OGOD WIN http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6o2ybklzY1r3xauuo1_1280.png
08,01but only at the single cell stage
08,01or near
Chrysalis: ooooooooh dB
Chrysalis: I mean, we've already injected a dopamine-blocking DNA construct into the brains of some apes for shits and giggles.
Bronysith: oh my :s
Bronysith: oh my :D
Bronysith: o.o
So, I bought Arma 2 only because I want to play the DayZ mod
hey guys
Hai alexxm
hey Jim how have you been
Sleepy ^^
00,02uncaught exceptions are not being caught by the uncaught exception handler
00,02theres reasons i hate java
Jim: I think that's the only reason anyone buys it.
Phase4: I'll try to look into that later
00,02User0, this is code i've just added
Phase4: what kind of exception?
Phase4: After spending all day writing code at work (and being distracted by bronystate), coding becomes a little less exciting...
00,02shana, null pointer
00,02its the only one eclipse wont yell at me for
hi everypony!
hey look, paintchat works dB bye
I wonder if there is an Eclipse pony.
hi LoGaN
Phase4: nullpointer exception is an unchecked exception, so the java compiler does not complain
hey LoGaN hows your day been
LoGaN: Indeed
i just woke up alexxm
Indeed
LoGaN well did you sleep well?
00,02i'm doing what this example does
yes?... stalker
Oh you guys... http://i.imgur.com/wfG7I.jpg
Phase4: hard to see code in stream due to low resolution
So I wanted to find an Eclipse pony. I found this instead: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-t3KQjVPpLmU/T7lrFbBo2_I/AAAAAAAAAdQ/_acLEOjYYHE/s1600/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-solar-eclipse.jpg
Phase4: maybe nopaste the relevant part so I can have a look at it?
LoGaN: where did you find that Monocle face?
Bronysith: That looks pretty neat. The way Twilight is looking at Celestia, though, throws my mind in the gutter.
someone showed it to me i think it was crazycherry
00,02shana, i'ma try something else
Bronysith: thats cute
LoGaN: oh
guys i gotta work soon were setting up for the loht olympics
LoGaN: You're helping set up?
yeah
LoGaN: :o Good man
6_9
duh
loht = london?
derp derp derpy hooves
derpin around
Oh hey, I just found out I still have the image of Meanwhile confessing his love for Trixie. Huh, I didn't know I saved that.
Kammerjunk: Can't believe I tabbed out of LoL to read that.
Oh hi, Meanwhile.
Kammerjunk: Who is best hero?
no its my poppys last name and every year he invites the whole family and lots of friends to play games at his house its set up like the olympics but its not the olympics shana
00,02why cant i catch this exception
XAX: Methinks that's the wrong ping.
Phase4: Why can't I hold all of these exceptions?!
00,02^
Phase4: Exceptions - Gotta catch 'em all.
Kammerjunk: Me is tired derp
Phase4: You can't catch it because its just the slipperiest bastard out
oops gtg
bye LoGaN
be back on at lunchtime
bye LoGaN
Phase4: how does your try clause look like?
00,02shana, i'm using setDefaultUncaughtExceptionHandler
*stands on alexxm 's head*
Phase4: watch out, pointers can be pointy - take safety precausions before handling
00,02explicitly trying to catch uncaught ones
00,02User0, but java has no pointers
User0: Lol
00,02only refferences
java has pointers...
precautions*
00,02shana, it doesnt have pointers
Phase4: why is it called null pointer exception then :)
so what are we watching
00,02shana, i dont actually know, its a null refference exception
Cypresswolf what are you doing on there
Phase4: are you a c++ programmer :)
00,02no clue why they call it null pointer
00,02shana, nope
00,02know a fair bit about c though
Phase4 because when your programming a 0 is known as null
its a reference to how there is nothing there
00,02Chrysalis, yeah, but its not a pointer
yes it is
00,02references != pointers
in java everything is on the heap
00,02there is a pointer somewhere
Phase4 erm thats wrong, references ARE pointers
00,02i dont contest that
just hidden
00,02not in the language
alexxm: :) getting a better view, of course
all the tableflipping
00,02Chrysalis, you could impliment it as an array index
00,02there doesnt need to be a pointer
ok Cypresswolf so what are we watching then
Phase4: you can't do pointer arithmetic in java, but they are still called pointers in java.. pretty sure about that
your using a reference, so your using apointer
00,02besides, you cant defer them
all that changes is the syntax
I'm writing some code for work right now and I have 11 errors and 578 warning...
00,02i cant say access 0x10 in memory
00,02thats what a pointer is
Phase4: that's not true, you defer pointers all the time
at assembly level a reference and a pointer are exactly the same
00,02Chrysalis, no they are not
alexxm: *squints eyes* from what I can tell...a bunch of itty bitty squiggles
00,02a reference is conceptual, it exists at the language and vm level
thanks Cypresswolf
/me goes to check is java references are different from the C++ references
alexxm: ^_^ Your Welcome!
cause in c++ they are definately the same
00,02c++ has pointers
and c#/java everything is on the heap, and you have to use pointers for those
00,02the closest example of a reference in c++ is smart pointers
00,02and c# has a stack
00,02makes it a crapton faster than java
alexxm: watching Phase fix code for the paintchat :)
Phase4 Hey. Just though you may like to know that OUTCAST the 1999 pc game is on sale on GOG.com I just bought it.
thanks Cypresswolf what excuality was the paint chat
http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/141834/how-is-a-java-reference-different-from-a-c-pointer
Phase4: anyway, are you setting the exception handler on the right thread?
FairysHuff|Sleep: Oh hi :)
00,02dat is an old game
00,02shana, the default handler is for the entire vm
killerpony7733 Hallo. I just woke.
a java reference is a pointer but with compiler enforced type checking
alexxm: little place where you could draw pictures with others. never used it as it wouldnt work for me
same as c++ references
FairysHuff|Sleep: I woke up like 2 hours ago :P
00,02shana, http://derpy.me/X0G71
same here Cypresswolf i tried to see what it was when we first got the new format and it wouldn't work for me
killerpony7733 I woke, took my meds, 2 hours later I sleep again. And then I wake to buy OUTCAST ^_^
00,02outcast looks old old
00,02but very polished for its time
00,02infact i'd gues this is 2002 by the design
FairysHuff|Sleep: Thats good :)
Phase4: that doesn't set the exception handler for the vm...
Phase4: play nethack~
00,02at least 2002
00,02shana, ok, whats it do?
Phase4 It was ahead of its time. For the time that is ^_^ And was very well received. And for 1.39 more than worth the sale price
Phase4: it sets the exception handler for the thread that is spawned when you run it
killerpony7733 How are you?
00,02"This handler is invoked in case any Thread dies due to an unhandled exception."
FairysHuff: Good good slept as much as i could i was litterally exhausted last night
so what sort of game is outcast
killerpony7733 Why exhausted?
00,02shana, its a static function
alexxm I would explain but it would take too long. Just go to GOG.com
FairysHuff: All my energy just dropped to dead zero while i was attending someones birthday, i just began feeling sleepy and exhausted
Phase4: static functions can operate on thread local stuff iirc
thanks FairysHuff
Phase4: you should also have a Thread.getID or something static method
killerpony7733 Yeh. I get that a lot.
00,02interesting
00,02shana, you see thats what i was doiung
00,02doing'
00,02this uses ThreadGroup instead of Thread
00,02that wasnt working, so i'm trying to set the vm wide handler
morning everypony :)
I was going to play OUTCAST but I think I'll save it for making a blind let's play with. Will be more amusing that way.
why is stream about statics?
hi cachi01
/me licks cachi01
FairysHuff: try that with nethack - have fun
hi Bronysith and CCCP =D
User0 Nethack?
dat JJ
cachi01: wrong pic though
00,02shana, you sure static can be thread local?
Bronysith: they laugh at my misery!
00,02google is telling me otherwise
FairysHuff: http://thegreatestgameyouwilleverplay.com/
Phase4: yeah, look at Thread.sleep or so.. but I noticed there is a setDefaultUncaught.. and a setUncaucht...
00,02http://codingclues.eu/2008/catching-exceptions-with-an-uncaughtexceptionhandler-in-java/
00,02everything i'm seeing says this is suposed to be global
cachi01: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6o2ybklzY1r3xauuo1_1280.png
Phase4: yeah you're right
Bronysith, In before everything goes wrong....o_O
oh hey TheRainbowDash
Bronysith: XDDD
00,02then why isnt it being invoked
Phase4: you said it uses a ThreadGroup?
molestia is my waifu
Bronysith: thats kinda funny yah
Phase4: does it override the uncaughtException() method?
00,02nope
Phase4: hmm..
00,02oh
00,02ThreadPool
now i want chocolate
hello
00,02ThreadGroup is the one in java
00,02just double checking, it doesnt overide UncaughtException
hey tigher1001 hows your day been
hi tigher1001!
Dat tigher1001.:3
im good thx everypony
Phase4: http://www.javamex.com/tutorials/exceptions/UncaughtExceptionProcess.png
You're welcome tigher1001.^^
?)
00,02lolwut
oh woops
00,02wow
i wont let me type a bro hoof
all this programming is confusiiiiiiin
00,02i'm getting a class not found exception during init
00,02how does this not explode
add a spache tigher1001 like ths
/)
space*
ok
00,02no...
/)
yes...
00,02the crap was it doing
ok
00,02this is broken
I think I just saw a Higgs Boson fly past... it was carrying an AK and heading for the US O_o
its doing exactly what you tell it to
Phase4: where did you get the source?
00,02default handler is set
http://derpy.me/y7LBi
09,01I AM EXTREMELY JOYFUL
Ohai NewDCD
FairysHuff: its a party AK
Woo!
What happened DCD
/me glomps NewDCD
?
cachi01 You hope ^_^
/)(^3^)(\
/me hugs NewDCD
00,02shana, https://github.com/rincebrain/paintchat/commits/cavaj
NewDCD: HELLOOOOOOOOO
09,01http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qOPqmpzlAE8&feature=player_embedded#!
09,01YESYESYESYESYESYESYESYES
00,02this is my private repo though, few modifications
09,01also TV anime announced
09,01MY BODY WAS NOT READY
00,02i dont read japanese
http://derpy.me/f5nXM
@NewDCD::O:O
hi NewDCD
00,02lol pen
lol wut
Wat, a pen....xD
00,02making comics like a baws
HOLY SHINKYS
snikies*
http://derpy.me/3yFuv
NewDCD: what game is this?
Morning, all
USE A KAMEHAMEHA
NewDCD: capcom all stars battle?
namco*
00,02ok
....ok den
00,02NewDCD, i understood none of that
http://derpy.me/cmif2
I'm just sitting here trying to work up the energy and willpower to get up and go food shopping. ... But sooooooooooo can't be arsed. ^_^
umm okydoky
09,01JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: All Star Battle
CCCP nice
09,01the only catch is that it's Bamco's and you know how they are with localizations
09,01but hey
NewDCD: cant wait
CCCP: dat burnycon 2012
/me is back (gone 00:42:47)
09,01it's getting an animu too
09,01so
09,01chances aren't so slim
:$
ama firing mah lazer
blarg???
poop?
pee?
vomit?
john madden?
2 girls?
LOL ^_^
1 cup?
Huh?
2 and 1 of anything is rarely good
2 girls 1 cup. 2 guys one horse
yea
Bronysith: dafuq?
1 cup 2 john maddens.
Bronysith: 2 ghosts, one nuke?
00,02what the heck is going on here
I don't know but it's funny.
2 nukes, one ghost?
Phase4: sparta
2 girls 1 Derpy
2 Greek slave boys 1 *******
CCCP: 2 girls 1 molestia
User0: lol
Whoa, what the hay?
2 princess 1 moon
I don't even....o.O
2 girls one crow
its good that iam careless today hrhr
00,02urgh
2 Priests 1 7 yr old boy
2 Fluttershys' 1 Me
gawd damnit pre-compiled headers you are a PITA
hey does any one remember when i got i troble for saying booo
cachi01, That is best one.xD
00,02everything is inside a try catch
lulz
00,02and eclipse is colouring the output
2 hands 1 bazooka?
and then he said my ... nam in front of everypony
User0: 2 hands 1 uhmmm you know what
name*
2 fingers one...
pussy....
cat
Phase4: so in which application do you want the exception handler?
:D
cachi01, I liek cats, don't hurt them.D:
TheRainbowDash: nooo we are only poking them!
2 balls 1 p#@#s
Hmmm, acceptable enough
cachi01: I don't know... a snuggleshy? a chocolate muffin? what?
2 secrets 1 butt fun
/me pokes cachi01
00,02shana, i was looking for uncaught exceptions on the aparently false asumption that eclipse colours exceptions that are not caught in the console
I wake up this morning expecting to lose more sanity and suddenly "2 __, 1 __" The hell, mang?
2 Twilight Sparkles, 1 Me
/me dies
2 little kids one van
00,02aparently it colours all calls to .printStackTrace
2 derpy no muffins
AttackPony i have no idea
2 litle kids 1 hypno
Phase4: :D
FairysHuff: 2 twilight sparkles, 1 mega confusion?
alexxm: I don't know either. I'm looking at this hoping I'm not seeing things.
2 bronies one troll
2 girls one cup of cider
User0 2 twilight sparkles, 1 hell of a night.
2 apples 1 buck
FairysHuff: that would indeed be quite a interesting dream/nightmare
2many lame puns, 1 solution
2 friend 1 game
2 ponys, 1 terrorist cell
Hello bronystate!
hi BlazeAngel
2 pings 1 hello BlazeAngel
Hello BlazeAngel.
hey BlazeAngel hows your day been
trixiemuffin: HAHA THE FUN HAS BEN DOUBLED
2 tired 2 think
Can you guess what I did today? I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness
72 virgins one Terroist
Dat BlazeAngel.:3
EEEEEEEEEEEEEY TheRainbowDash!
Hello there.xD
2 poontachan 1 zohan
lol
-2 brains, 1 terrorist
2 options, 1 choise...
2 balls 1............... goalie
2 towers ...no scratch that
choice*
lol
(very out-of-it...)
151 pokemon, 1 sexual assault lawyer
2 save game files 1 BEN
FairysHuff: Whut?
AttackPony Welcome to my mind ^_^
2 pillz, 1 slot for pillz (Louis's worst nightmare)
2 murder victims 1 pheonix wright
FairysHuff: Cool.
2 zombies 1 bullet
theres a teaser for Season 3!!!!! just go on lemonparty.com!
CCCP: No.
Phase4: now that I have the projects loaded in eclipse, are there any other mysteries?
AttackPony its true...
CCCP Don't want to spoil it for myself
lemonparty is the site of ballon party isnt it? CCCP
CCCP: No.
CCCP nopr
cachi01: No. balloonparty.bandcamp.com is balloon party
00,02i wanted syi.util.ExceptionHandler
2 boys 1 catholic preist.
00,02so eclipse
so i just got pheonix wright and its awsome /)(^3^)(\
2 missingnos 1 corruption
00,02being the helpfull software it is
00,02added an import for com.sun.corba.se.impl.presentation.rmi.ExceptionHandler
2 exceptions 1 Phase4
Phase4: yeah it does that...
two teammates, one Wombo Combo
00,02because thats obviously the class iw ant
2 girls one fist
O_o
The puns they BURN!
Phase4: it really should prioritize the classes in your workspace..
:D
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
00,02that worked
2 dimensions 1 plane
what is he doing
killerpony7733 That they do ^_^
Phase4: the solution: choose weird names for all your classes :)
1 kick 1 spam
TrixieMuffin: well played.
killerpony7733: I know.....
2 fails 1 Trixie
TrixieMuffin: fringe or heroes?
Phase4 of course its obvious...
cachi01: i liked both
FairysHuff: trixie is best pony :'(
TrixieMuffin: two ends, one line segment
4 hls 1dlayed episoide 3
00,02well
CCCP Tis joke ^_^ But you knew that
2 episodes 1 game
00,02i need sleep
/me slumps over her bed, still feeling like she needs more sleep.
1 spike 2 explosions
Phase4: yup, also needs to be ported to java 1.5+
2 face 1 batman
Phase4: has about 400 warnings
2 little sleep, 1 Phase4.
lol
00,02shana, i've removed all those
/me is away: I'm off doing other things; most likely sleeping or eating.
shana: my code here at work has 578 warnings
2 raritys' 1 horny spike.
screen-ception
00,02also fixed up a bug or two
2 ponies 1 banana
00,02major one was how it got the hostname, its in paintchat_client/Data.java
2 prinsesis 1 kingdom
00,02ignored the config option via bizare code
2 Twilights 1 's mine
2 warm moist holes one....
User0: that's not good, is it some ancient codebase that has been passed from generation to generation?
CCCP Taking it a bit far there.
Two jalepenos on a stick
1 pony 1 jar
2 arrows 1 knee
shana: not overly, but it does have stuff back to fortran...
FairysHuff :P
00,02User0, >fortran
00,02>not overly aged
00,02seems legit
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VlIjP8J7t2c&feature=g-vrec
2 muffs, 1 jigglypuff
/me slaps cachi01 twice
2 slaps 1 OUCH
even got object oriented stuff added to the language
2 legs ,2 legs , 2 legs , 1 mathilda
00,02i have some work to do tomorow
00,02have to replace throwable.printstacktrace with my function so i can track where the bugs are
Bronysith, That can really hurt ponies, you know.D:
00,02shana, its 00:51
2 hoofs and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2 and 2
00,02so today i guess
:(
00,02well
00,02gnight
I wonder how many hours this pun thread will last.
'night Phase4.
night Phase4
night Phase4!
Phase4 Nighty
night Phase4
Phase4: 2 little sleep, one bed
Night, Phase4
night Phase4
1 night 4 phases
2 tummy urps 1 run for the toilet
20 bucks 1 slendy
10 doctors 1 tardis
2 girls 1 xenomorph
1 dentist, 1 charge of sexual assault
2 cups, one cup holder (first world problem)
1 chat, too much repetition
hheehe ^_^
2 laptops, -1 electricity outlet
2 people 1 taco oh gawd
And see you later Phase4.^^
TheRainbowDash: But do I use my cup holder for my water or my coffee?
Erm, coffee is better.
2 people, 1 toilet after ultra spicy taco night
user the coffee, its hot
Hello there Brony-FOREVER.^^
Chrysalis: but my cold water will sweat (and make a mess...)
2 rings of fire, 1 destroyed toilet
2 xbox 1 red ring of death
cachi01 SHouldn't that be the other way around? ^_^
2 beers no money
110 users, no interesting conversations :(
2 minutes, 1 status meeting...
FairysHuff: idk i have to xbox360 one with the ring and the other is a S so its safe lol
7 billion people, all alone ~_~
so after tormaorow i'm off from college
to = 2
/)_=
anyone wanna start an editor war?
/me is back (gone 00:09:40)
over 9000 power 1 scouter
*DUB
I MEANT DUB!
>_<
2 gokus 1 hja
2 gokus 1 japanese voice actor
There can be only one voice actor.
2 much filler, 1 anime
yeah but in dragonball when he is like 12
And that voice actor is always Japanese.
he has this voice actor that sounds like a little girl lol
even when he's supposed to be a grandfather
and when he is adult he speaks the same way due to not finding any other good VA
2 breasts, 1 happy time
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAxFqZmz9wU i'll just leave this here
good luck User0|StatusMeeting
And I should get my arse in gear and go shopping... ~_~
I can't seem to get up.
DISCORD ALREADY RELEASED FOR ROCK BAND 3 FUCK YEAAH
User0|StatusMeeting hope that goes well
cachi01 cool
Look out FairysHuff your house in fire aaaaaaah.
morning, everypony! :) How are we all today?
FairysHuff: Did that help?
Allo Sylandest.
howdy, Meanwhile!
Meanwhile *Looks about* Meh... >_> Not all that hot yet. 5 more minutes
hey Sylandest i'm good how about you
i will just leave this here.......... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvaKRd4UFmc&feature=g-all-c
Sylandest Yo ho ho
alexxm: im doing alright, relaxing this morning, hehe
Sylandest: Hiya
/me huggles FairysHuff
Hey everypony! :)
Allo RaveBrony.
howdy, killerpony7733! and RaveBrony!
RaveBrony: hi!!
*Slaps self* COME ON! GET UP! >_<
Sylandest you rany yo see something creepy
/me waves to Meanwhile, Sylandest, and cachi01 :)
hey RaveBrony hows your day been
Hey alexxm, its been difficult :D
hai RaveBrony
Hiya Jim :$
AH HAH! I've found a way to get myself motivated. I suddenly need to pee ^_^
Peeing is motivating?
RaveBrony hows it been difficult
o_o
Sould be the undertitle for a show
FairysHuff: Tried sleeping despite having a heavy urge to pee
My Little Pony: Peeing is motivating
:D
Jim It is when your in bed and your toilet is in the other room
killerpony7733 All the time
FairysHuff: That's not that uncommon
http://derpy.me/C2eXr
RaveBrony do you want to see something creepy
Come to think, I've never heard of someone with their bed in the same room as their toilet
Jim Hence your motivated to get off your lazy arse ^_^
alexxm: MY online college stuff isnt working.... and i waited so long for an email from the help center and it didnt even help at all...now im waiting for another one... lol
alexxm: Uhhm...sure? lol
Jim Never heard of a chamber pot?
FairysHuff: you're*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhRnWMBcNQQ RaveBrony
oh right, my grandpa had one actually
Jim There yah go then.
alexxm: o_o
oh god not the clowns
NOT THE BEES
THERE IN MY EYES
http://derpy.me/Z4CJl
Right, getting up. Going shopping for food. Wake myself up more. And pee. Just not in that order.
RaveBrony what do you think
alexxm: Quite strange, lol
RaveBrony: Earbleach for you http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kxRbmyTomE
Back in a while
CCCP all the sads? :O
Bronysith, The bees....I can't imagine. They swarm you, and then you're dead.
alexxm: No kidding :D
CCCP, Scootasad makes me sad.D:
Did somepony say BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES?
NOT THE BEES
They're in my eyes!
Meanwhile, Err, I think I did.o_O
THE GOGGLES, THEY DO NOTHING
http://derpy.me/-2Kch
Jim: That was nice! Lol
Why so many sad pony pics??
Jim, Get a beekeeper suit. Bam, you win, right?^^
sup everypony?
CCCP how could it happend to RD? :D
hai Dovah
Hello there Dovah.^^
is it just me or is nothing being streamed right now?
Damnit stupid chat derped :D
killerpony7733, Chat derps, they affect ever so many ponies.D:
http://derpy.me/2-OXY
Dat RaveBrony.:3
I refreshed the stream....and my Flash Player crashes.... roflmao :D
Dat TheRainbowDash :D
CCCP: Nooo, why sad Rarity? :'(
http://derpy.me/KfC4Y
RaveBrony: Quick, look! http://i.imgur.com/XowXP.gif
Meanwhile: Yeah! :$
Im saving that one, rofl
Ohai BronyStaters
/me on the stream...http://i.imgur.com/0Hmgi.jpg
Dat dari.
00,10Ah the simple joy of watching reruns on tv.
http://derpy.me/dQxBJ
Fine! see if i care you stupid derpy streaming!!!!!
Hey CCCP. http://i.imgur.com/EGJum.jpg
Hi everyone
hi Radu
hi every pony
Hi Jim, Hi TheKoreanBrony1354
hi TheKoreanBrony1354
Why is it so silent?
/me shrugpony
hey Radu hows yoru day been
Hi alexxm.
derpin around
People were talking normaly
Thanks, had a nice day. How about you?
Hello there TheKoreanBrony1354.^^
But then everything changed when the fire nation attacked
hello
hey TheKoreanBrony1354 hows your day been
good'
Hello there RainBowJack.^^
i cooked something in my easy bake oven
hi theRainbowDash
TheKoreanBrony1354: Are you really from Korea?:O
yes
hey RainBowJack how have you been
That's nice
south of course
Yea.
Ponies.
Radu, Pony swag.^^
Pony class, indeed.
BRO HOOF anypony
TheKoreanBrony1354 (\
Huh?
http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/pedobear_a43125_1845360.jpg
(\
Oh right
( )
funnyjunk links, why you no work
^
I think you gotta have an account on Funnytrash
You know Bronysith this is how I imagine your face is all the time. http://i.imgur.com/QRfDk.jpg
Meanwhile: how did you know?
^^
Meanwhile: Pretty accurate
Thanks, Meanwhile. Cannot unsee it now
Meanwhile: Quite right
Meanwhile: i think my face is permanetnly like this http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/002/252/me-gusta.jpg
Bronysith: That'd make you a fishman.
Meanwhile: or this http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/004/815/lol-guy.jpg
BAI bronystate! I have been chosen, I move on to a better place!
there is no better place
bronyism
For you and for me, and for the entire human race!
Goodbye, BlazeAngel
Dat Toy Story ref BlazeAngel.
bai BlazeAngel
see ya BLAZE
bye BlazeAngel
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpRhvg__prw
:'(
who wants to see something creepy
I DO
/me Broohoves TheKoreanBrony1354
inb4DolanComics
Radu http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhRnWMBcNQQ
bro hooves back RainBowJack
dead chat is ded
/me tosses tumbleweed
he ded
My chat is deeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaad.
/me shocks Meanwhile
Tingly.
Nice try alexxm, but I'm not afraid of clowns
Meanwhile where was ondor when the chat was ded?
Though, that was a little bit disturbing.
Meanwhile oh no. let's hope it's not a zombie D:
Gunny|Busy: http://i.imgur.com/LzUBs.jpg
Alright, it's a bit disturbing.
That reminds me actually, I got round to getting a more recent picture.
My meeting is over, I'm not quite dead yet - but if I don't get to work, they might get upset (My productivity is far gone, so I will leave my IRC on...)
I love you, User0.
Marry me today.
User0 is best Zecora impression.
Bronysith: http://i.imgur.com/Qaf5Z.jpg
ty Jim
Radu: do I have to?
User0: Yes
Radu: why?
User0: sounds like fun.
User0: Because ponies.
And because I love you
Meanwhile: hold on, I'll try to find it for you
hi every pony
hi TheKoreanBrony1354
waiiiiiit
Radu: but but but... butt... I'm not ready for that kind of thing...
there's TWO of you?
http://i.imgur.com/Qaf5Z.jpg wtf
User0: Oh yes... YES YOU ARE
Jim: Actually it looks like 3.
6 of me
Radu: I'm noootttttttt
are you a wizard?
ahh horse apples
Bronysith, You definitely got the username wrong.o_O
http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/284935-hentai-woody%E5%A4%89%E6%85%8B%E3%82%A6%E3%83%83%E3%83%87%E3%82%A3%E3%83%BC
Meanwhile: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tV6AQGF2Vfo
TheRainbowDash: i didnt make it. Jim did
Hey everypony
Oh...
Ty User0
User0: Yes, you are.
hai Very_Silly_Filly
Hello there Very_Silly_Filly.^^
hey Very_Silly_Filly hows your day been
User0: http://i.imgur.com/dSv0s.png Have that in return.
Radu: I don't know you, why must I marry you?
Allo Very_Silly_Filly.
Fine, currently getting Windoewz XP
/me smacks Meanwhile s rape photos
...what.
brony smith
User0: Oh, but you know me, User0. I am your future waifu.
I realised Win7 uses 1gb of RAM
TheKoreanBrony1354: name is Bronysith
luna or celstia
My tower only has 1GB of ram
dat moustache
So go from 1 gig to 64 mb
/me flails and runs off...
luna or discord
why not both TheKoreanBrony1345
TheKoreanBrony1354: i love molestia
...what's going on?
You can hide, but you cannot escape my love, User0!
Meanwhile: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiAxiGZKpGQ
Your theme music
I'm Mario now?
Meanwhile: youve always been mario Meanwhile
You always have been
:I
i saidc it first
I'm gonna go buy a Mario hat and take a pic of me wearing it.
FUND IT
this is Meanwhile now http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/002/252/me-gusta.jpg
My internet is TERRIBLE
any idea why Very_Silly_Filly
ok i bought the brony shirt join the herd shirt and the *yay* shirt at hot topic
Can't fucking play 240p youtube video because it's so slow
Dunno, slow reception
.......
/me questions her sanity
have you tried turning it off and on again Very_Silly_Filly
derp
Yep
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B36BXid7iQ0&feature=g-vrec
Dat cycle, Bronysith
I think I've sanity my losings of mind piece...
pootis
POOTIS
AttackPony we never had sanity before why would now be any differant
POOTIS
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=59739LrJfYE
alexxm: I thought it was because I woke up an hour ago and I'm not a morning person.
loved that part
hello :3
hai sonicandmario85
hello sonicandmario85
i decided to take a break from the computer for 2 days
because my freaking dad made me
So, you DECIDED it because you were MADE so
but i agree with him im on it all day :P
my logic senses are failing
/me fires a party cannon into the chat.
OH SHIT RUN!
YATTATATATATATTA
Yatta? We watching Heroes again?
nope
I am full of sandvich!
:o
its a quote from heavy on the game named team fortress 2...
im back yo
you can download it on steam if ya dont have it :3
thanks
my computer was broken for 2 weeks
months sorry
I WANT TO MURDER KERBALS BUT I CANT
guys....
sonicandmario85: Please, tell me more about the game I have over a thousand hours of playtime on.
what dafuq is pokemon conquest???????????
idunnolol
MUFFINS
PANCAKES
CUPCAKES
Chai latte
HOTCAKES
my streaming not working my, my god i have absolutly nothing else better to do today.. :|
PANCAKES
ME AND SANDVICH GOING TO BEAT YOUR ASS
Entire team is babies.
PFFT THAT TIM FURTRAS 2 GEIM IS A COD CUPY DEAUGHGG
no it isnt
Gooby pls
sonicandmario05 he's taking the piss out of cod fans
Radu pls
As he rightfully should.
TF2 is made by valve which are the creators of steam :P
Indeed.
sonicandmario85: you dont say
Pfft, CoD games are good
Valve is controlled by GAY BEN
IMO yes they are good
Pfft, Disagree
also its 85 not 05
but there are some fanboys
That's why I will NEVER touch cod if I ever get an Xbox.
that say bullshit like tf2 being a copy of COD and that halo isjust COD in the fututre and shit like that
CoD is a copy of Quake
Or Unreal, whichever came first
Quake came before Unreal. I think.
Every game is 'copy' of some other game
Quake 3
which came first MoH or CoD?
Well yeah, there are no original ideas. Anywhere.
my first FPS was MoH rising sun
Meanwhile: Well, what is the Spyro trilogy for the PS1 a copy of?
Chrysalis: A copy of table tennis
and table tennis
Table tennis is a copy of tennis
AttackPony: Croc.
and tennis
cachi01: Some random fartknockers chucking barrels at people
why the hell did my firefox window close?
Very_Silly_Filly: xd
Well what's a copy of riding a bike?
inb4 badminton
AttackPony: Riding a penny farthing.
AttackPony: Riding an exercise bike
AttackPony:riding a car XD
But then, what's a copy of just doing nothing?
inb4 being dead
AttackPony: ...
Aliens
Very_Silly_Filly: You sure it's aliens? You're not one of them, are you?
Very_Silly_Filly is best alien.
I am a British Alien
:alienguy: Very_Silly_Fillys
Ponies
WE'RE ALL ALIENS. This is now fact.
I WANNA BE XENOMORPH!
bronies are best aliens
I wanna be an Andalite.
Now that AttackPony has said it, it must be canon.
cachi01 it can be arranged that you'll host one
Cricket is a copy of throwing your rubber at some pencils you've stood up on their ends while someone else tries to hit it with their text book
Smashing^
alexxm: oh shit!
Meanwhile: Of course. I am now an Andalite and so is rest of chat.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsamwOs2slI&feature=g-vrec
No. I am an Andalite and everyone is are Taxxons and Yeerk and Hork-Bajirs.
Meanwhile: dafuq why am i not in that vid?
cachi01: Did you ever set yourself on fire/
cachi01 i kid i kid but it can be arranged for you to be part of a certain species hunting trip
nooo but i accidentaly turned on a fire extinguisher and shit happened
I want more of the BG ponies
Some deserve more
:(
also happy 4th of july everyone :3 i didnt get to say it yesterday since i was taking a break from the pc XD
happy 4th of july everypony tacos and sushi for free!!!
YUM, I haz Apple Pie
/me AttackTheAndalite
Can I have any burrito, cachi01?
so any of the mods gonna live stream a game or something else? :3
FlyingShoppingCart: sure why not!
I hope the mods took my suggestion :s
/me turns the chat into Hork-Bajirs!
What was your suggestion?
what about if we see Cupcakes HD :)
Ed Edd n Eddy the movie
FlyingShoppingCart, Err, don't you think I can be hit by one?D:
THE FUCKING BARRELS DID IT!
XD
FlyingShoppingCart: I liked that movie.
I don't know, TheRainbowDash...
FlyingShoppingCart: damn i always rage when i see ed's brother
eddy's
FlyingShoppingCart, Yeah, them shopping carts are dangerous.o_O
*
Me too ^^
I ain't dangerous as long as you're not flying in my way :D
What Ed Edd n Eddy movie? I've never heard of such thing.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UU8t17iGqgc
Here's a link to it.
AttacktheAndalite: It's more like a feature length episode.
Meanwhile: Oh. I've still never seen it though. Just the episodes.
AttacktheAndalite: It's good.
roblox and minecraft ftw...
FlyingShoppingCart: Oh, there is one thing more dangerous than you
Really? What?
Meanwhile: I'll watch it later since I have class in almost an hour and a half from now
FlyingShoppingCart: Yeerks.
Doooorks.
Shaddap Kevin
AttacktheAndalite: don't die, dying is bad
Not the yeerks! They're my arch nemesis since childhood!!
User0: I'm not dying....who said I was?
FlyingShoppingCart: Oh god YES! *brohoofs as well as an Andalite can*
Voice of Kevin, voice of Marie, voice of Trixie, voice of Chrysalis... THE SAME!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWEjvCRPrCo <--------- yes it is
voice of one of those jock ponies in Sonic Rainboom....
FlyingShoppingCart: Ikr.
FlyingShoppingCart, My mind explodes from dat.o_O
00,10So has any one recived newsletters yet?
WHAT TIME IS IT?
Yeah.
Nope
I got my newsletter the other day
00,10then you probably should not answer =p
I got mine ike yesterday
i got mine yesterday
Sumica: I got mines yesterday.
I will answer if I want :c
00,10I can see i am not going to like you much
I got my ticket
But I thought you already hated me? :s
Sumica yeah got them the other day
00,10Nah i hate every one equaly, just some more equaly then others
More equally than others.
:D
Then it's not equal
:3
You don't say.
HOLY MARMALADE OF SWEET SUGARY GOODNESS
BATMAN
00,10But yeah answering no to somthing you dont even participate to when I am checking to make sure it's working ok is a rather dickish move.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4R_A9CWB4Gk&feature=BFa&list=LLPAvCXct1pg-6eaOAgJ3flg
they should make a gun that shoots chainsaws! SOMEONE GET ON THAT ALREADY
nomnom smoothie :)
which ove rinfinty
/me drops Taxxons on the chat "Have fun."
Surprise! HI :)
hi
hi ACS13123
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJKNrVQf7gE
I need metal
Tara strong has a nice badonkadonk
Anyone here know any good Brony Metal songs?
hey ACS13123 hows your day been
badonkadonk xDDDD
inb4 The brony metal medley
Sumica can you boot Mutterguy?
alexxm: Uts been quitew good
its*
Vordox: search for needsmoreDJent
quite*
Instead of a gun that shoots chainsaws, how about chainsaw bullets?
adrena libman
cachi01: Ok
Vordox: BEST METAL BRONY EVER
Vordox http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EL65oumesqE
00,10yeah but you should just ghost if you want the name back. Booting wont make it free the name up any faster.
mutterguy_: It'll probably a gost I rechon
Bugger me, can't typw
Bullets that have grindy teeth designed to penetrate any surface they pass through, and tiny little batteries within them to power the motors.
been 6 hours...
heyguysimtypingfrommysistersphoneandherspacebuttonisbrokencansomeonepleasegiveheranalternative?
Errr alexxm ....How is that brony relateD?
Of course, there would have to be a way for the gun to activate the chainsaw bullets.
Aximili-Esgarrouth-Ishtill. Holy fuck, how do I still remember how to spell that?
I've yet to meet one that can outsmart bullet.
yay better register i guess
/me licks Radu
Vordox: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5O9U-V8N5A
/me is licked O_O
Have you seen modern heavy, Radu ?
00,10clean the keyboard cachi01 and use somthing else to break up words if you are gonna insist on doing that
Yes, Very_Silly_Filly! :D
Dat pile o' hats, indeed
cachi01: Got any other that's closer to Symphonic Metal?
Sumica: daaamn lol
Vordox: this day aria symphonic metal cover
Vordox: i think he has a symphonic metal song wait
cachi01: This day aria, one cannot describe how much i love that song
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dNB-EREknic
Something's that owned by a brony preferedable :P
flash crashed i miss much
I just assumed he was talking like a tinkergnome
Vodox what did you think of the song i sent you
Vordox: not symphonic but its good http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwu4RshYlJs&feature=channel&list=UL
not metal but I just wanted to share this. http://youtu.be/0ETsiJeG5cw
00,10uggg I hate system scans.
^
Don't we all?
00,10they take ages
Sumica: use the force
Vordox: and he made a trixie rock play fanfic http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TzILFK37dc&feature=channel&list=UL
Sumica: What do you use for your system scans?
00,10too much video and pony.
i was afk because i lighted off some smokebombs outside XD iused a magnifine glass to do it by using the sun to get a little dot on the fuse and it lit it XD
Hai guys i am back
i used*
whohooo
wb cow334
hi cow334
hai Jim and AttackPony
00,10I use like 5 programs AttacktheAndalite
cachi01: Anything near the style of Sonata Arctica?
hi everypony
for cereal is anything being streamed or is it just my streaming being a fat bitch?
Sumica: Mmm. I use CCleaner, Advanced System Care, Disk Cleanup that comes by default....
hai pwnie
sumica do you feel like slaughtering some kerbals :3
Vordox: i just have heard 30 secs of sonata arctica so i dont really know much about them
This sound
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzBfmtHXb7Y&feature=BFa&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ
its good to be back =)
Something like that
Vordox: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49LkWSFd54k
:)
looks like a new marvel vs capcom game has been revealed
right better push my cat off the bed. MISSION ACCOMPLISHED
marvel vs capcom origins
i wish my laptop still worked
whenever i start it up it just stays at the dell loading screen and it doesnt move
cachi01: i dont like the voice
cachi01: in TDA
my laptop's screen snapped in half
so I bought a new
i think theres some parts lose in it because ive been accidently dropping it
Hmm...
Bronysith: its meh
Guess not then cachi01 Sadly not the things I was searching for. :(
nothing happend to my screen its just when i start it up it just shows the dell screen because its freezing up due to lose parts
TDA is good without the lyrics. AKA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjdmYPvEQac
did chat derp
http://i.imgur.com/sWpww.jpg
i dont like the VA singing TDA
Oh gosh, steam sales soon
AttacktheAndalite: Excellent!
Jim: It's accurate :d
Holla everypony! :)
Hello GilDash
/me glomps GilDash
jeu
Dat GilDash.^^
dat GilDash
AttacktheAndalite: Andalite? Sounds familiar. :S
hey GilDash hows your day been
howdy, GilDash! :)
GilDash: Animooorphs! FUCK YEAH!
AttacktheAndalite: I knew it. :)
Stargate, Ubisoft, Sparkle.Fade in to the left handof a sleepy man.How'd he fall asleep there?
GilDash: Hi gildy :)
GilDash: Ax is best socially awkward.
Help up the sleepy hooded man.That's what beds are for.Drag him cross the stone floor.
GilDash: aaaaand he's adorable as a human**
AttacktheAndalite: Indeed he is. :D
/me hugs you all.
Front shot then a shot from the ceiling.He could get carpet burned.Slow fade.
http://fav.me/d566q6x
Cut to white on a boat, I'm looking ahead.Holding on a rope.I am... nauseous,
GilDash: If he wern't an alien....hell, even in his natural form....NO, bad thoughts Attack! Aliens and humans do not....
this vid is so much win http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fjdmYPvEQac
AttacktheAndalite: I'm sure he could morph. ;)
Nothing is quite as sad as watching a dude light a firework when it's stuck down his pants.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJjJY5YpKRI
Meanwhile: Or funny when he runs around screaming. :D
GilDash: Indeed.
Meanwhile: Or lodged in his ass.
/me glomps GilDash ontop of Meanwhile
/me did not ask for this.
GilDash: I meant a human and an Andalite in his natural form....
AttacktheAndalite: Well... don't tell him it's taboo and he might just fall for it. ;)
GilDash: GilDash: But it IS possible because Elfangor was Tobias' dad and he was an Andalite in a human morph, and his mom is human.
AttacktheAndalite: I'm struggling to see a problem here... ;)
/me watches The Newsroom to see what all the fuss is about.
ohai, bronystate
Tovler what happened
Hi Tovler
hey Tovler hows your day been
GilDash: So am I, excep the fact that you can't "surprise" an Andalite from behind because the eyes on the top of their heads turn 180 degrees
00,10ma god, almost an hour in to this scan and it's still on C drive.
Tovler: Holla! :)
AttacktheAndalite: Well, don't surprise him. Get to know him. :)
Sumica: How much space do you have on your C drive?
Sumica: want me to smash something? rivel?
It was yet another beautiful day of underemployment.
Sumica there is a reason i leave mine overnight, a full scan takes nearly 6 hours
Scan ALL the things.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3kcvKd7mXE (dang it NASA, get me to the Moon with Frank and Woona!)
*holds up gun to head* im sooooooooooooooooooooo bored
pwnie http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6XLwIZCIQA
*pew*
Wow, I feel wierd now
I can complete a scan in like 1 hour :S
00,10C is 500gig, E: is 1tera, F: is 1tera P: is 8terra
GilDash: Aww, so no one-nighters? Dang. Well, at least Visser Three...no, that wouldn't be a good idea I don't think
:O awesome!
8terra :O
NICE
AttacktheAndalite: That would be a *terrible* idea. :D
600 Gb hard drive
Yet my PC is kinda old, do you lot have pretty much full to the Gunnels HD?
GilDash: Well there IS a fic of Visser Three and a human....'
00,10I think part of the problem is I never clearend my windows.old
my hard drive is 2 TB
lololo
I need a new computer
Mine's only 1 TB. :/
AttacktheAndalite: I'm not sure I want to know. Andalites are one thing, but yergs... :D
1Gb ram nowadays isn't good enough
00,103 of them are
/me gives Meanwhile 2 TB
AttacktheAndalite: Or was it yerks? I get confused.
lolziez http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jC8JIjW2cw
GilDash: I know EXACTLY where to find said fic
Processor = fine, GPU = fine
RAM = bullparp
AttacktheAndalite: Good job I'm far too busy to read it then. :D
GilDash: Yeerks. they can infest ANYTHING, human or not
valoreins: and a kid getting punched in the hand
>mfw a fandom I'm not apart of explodes in rage.
/me licks cachi01
00,10So you all looking forward to the movies?
ewww lol
Sumica: yes
Sumica of course :D
WHOS READY for the steam sales?
What are they?
AttacktheAndalite: That's why I'd stay very *very* dar away. :D
Arma 2, why you take so long to load?
Bronysith no wallet is ever ready for those
00,10got some great ones for BMN this week.
I'm home this weekend so I'm actually able to watch them
Bronysith: I sure am!
9.1 download
Grr, speed up!
00,10and then we double up on trilogys next week.
I'm still happy I found an A movie I could settle on.
what trilogy?
playing bronified songs in Rock Band 3 is awesone
Bronysith: Say, if Arma 2 gets on sale, wanna get it and play DayZ with me?
awesome
Back to the future? Naked gun?
But man, I've seen El Dorado to death.
Jim: maybe
We had Naked Gun already
Jim: Dayz looks fun but annoying
Indeed
Tov|Newsroom: its so awesome!
Ahh did we? I was away
The very idea of permadeath is neat
Gutted,
GilDash: An upside to having a Yeerk is if you had a crappy life, you can join them and you know, not be all evil and stuff. Like Mr. Chapman
Jim: i hope the half life colleciton goes on sale
I can already see the chat erupting when they learn the girl's name is Chell.
I bet it's the kind of game that is better to play with more people
What are we watching then? :S
Inb4 "why can she talk? :I"
i think imma play some deus ex
Very_Silly_Filly the abyss of my mothers soul
Road to El Dorado and Robin Hood Men in Tights I think are the movie night ones.
Not heard of it, what's it got?
AttacktheAndalite: I actually had a teacher called Mr. Chapman. :D
As you probably should know by now, I can't take CGI blood
men in tights.... oh my...
GilDash: He didn't have an alien in his head, did he?
/me licks valoreins
inb4 "Did that horse just talk?"
/me licks back Bronysith
AttacktheAndalite: Not as far as I'm aware, no. I did have the sense not to ask too hard though. :D
"Ooh, you grown a nice pair of boobs robin while you were gone" = my favourite line when he's feeling up a statue
GilDash: Define "ask too hard"
Dammit. went to sleep at noon, woke up now... I hate it when a whole day wastes away...
hi everyone!
Dat Alchemist.^^
hi Alchemist
*silence*
Allo Alchemist.
hi Alchemist"
hey Alchemist hows your day bene
!
Oh and btw, hai
AttacktheAndalite: Well... I wouldn't want to draw attention to myself, would I? ;)
GilDash: True but he WOULD know if he knew in a way, judging by how you act. Can't Yeerks also read other people's minds?
alexxm: its been great. I passed my last exam in this semseter today :)
AttacktheAndalite: ... I'm not sure I like where this is going... :$
good to hear Alchemist hope it went well
GilDash: It's not going THERE, if you must know. I know that Yeerks can tell you shit and control you. Not all are bad, though.
I've been up whole night studying for it, thats why I came home and slept through the whole day, which sucks. But, oh well.
GilDash doesn't like where something is going. The world must be ending.
Ikr?
AttacktheAndalite: I'd just rather stay the hell away... much safer. :)
Meanwhile, Well, there goes CloudsDale...o_O
well if you did well Alchemist you deserve the rest
Meanwhile: Slugs. Big, fat, brain slugs.
Oh, they're gonn'to have to glue you back together... IN HELL!
Dat FlareChaser.^^
Meanwhile: They also control your every action, including what you say.
GilDash: I think brain slugs are cute :D
alexxm: I got a 4 which equals to a B and thats quite good :)
Oh, hi kids :D
Hai FlareChaser
killerpony7733: Not these ones. :D
ohai Mark
Hi FlareChaser :D
GilDash: Oh? :O
13VioletGreySha: when they pop up in the corner i do
hi FlareChaser!
Hello, cachi01~
hey FlareChaser hows your day been
Good, alexxm.
Shizuka: great
2 girls 1 cup yeah now let the puns begin
cachi01: NO
xd
chat derped back soon
Shizuka: you are the 3 who showed a reaction on that so i guess the others dont care
/me dials B for bacon
VioletGreySha: I missed what you said.
back
Meanwhile: ikr?
13http://fav.me/d566922
Thanks for calling the support line. If you want to continue in english, press 10. If you want to end the call, don't press 10.
/me presses 10
FlyingShoppingCart: There's no 10 button on a phone. Plus, *presses 30*
FlyingShoppingCart: Aw, you should have said 11...
http://i.imgur.com/o0qBn.jpg
/me glomps GilDash
/me insstalled a 10 button
/me snuggles FlareChaser.
/me had everything planned for hi bacon
http://derpy.me/aD3EM my favorite face when
:) yay
CrimsonPhoenix: yay for murder
gettin
Bonjour! Bienvenue au support technique en franais! Veuillez patienter le temps que l'un de nos employs puisse prendre contact avec vous.
HALLO
scootaloo is getting away withmurder
FlyingShoppingCart is speakin' fancy!
inb4 kick?
FlyingShoppingCart: I DONT WANT TO WAIT :[
Please keep chat in English.
*1337 hours later* Su llamada es muy importante para nosotros.
Ok. Sorry -.-
FlyingShoppingCart: lol eeveryone says that
13Meanwhile: that gm
13er
while the dont give a shit about us
FlyingShoppingCart: "Your something is very important to us"
13gm_valley reaction
13type fail..
FlyingShoppingCart, On ne parle point en Franais ici. S'il vous plait arrte ....aaaaaaaaaaw and here I wanted to show my fancyness
AttacktheAndalite: your call is very important to us
Shizuka: It made me giggle.
Mood killer :[
viva mexico :3
It was the joke :(
cachi01: Ah. I had a feeling it did mean that
13http://i.imgur.com/ITvLP.gif
i just showed a friend of mine whos a brony but not familar with star trek a Q video
Shizuka: I still have that initial one saved. :3
*Flashback* Press 10 for support in english, enters the french support after pressing ten. Makes you wait with a spanish robot...
Shizuka: lollolol
Shizuka One does not simply not fear a duck
alexxm, and?
the duck didnt gave a fuck
CrimsonPhoenix he's still watching it
Shizuka: I lol'd bigger than I should of had...
killerpony7733: http://i.imgur.com/9GBgL.jpg
Hi dudes :)
Shizuka: What's that ducks problem?
Meanwhile: Buck you i ask for what i want!
:D
Speaking of Q
hey MegaMoonShine hows your day been
28.7% on Start Trek NG
hi everypony! :) i'm back!
Not bad, alexxm
hi TheRareP0N3!
hey TheRarePON3 hows your day been
00,10lol, where did you find that Shizuka?
hi TheRareP0N3 :)
good alex. ;3
I've wet my pants -.-
13the bottom i added
13the top two were someone elses fault
Sumica: I made the first image then TGAPT added the SOON.
did we need to know that FlyingShoppingCart
No. It's still useful to know that
00,10So then some ones gonna add a 4th page for the ducks responce then?
Sumica: I think TGAPT already did but I don't have that one.
13http://fav.me/d561clr
state is down?
nope back now
00,10So many word bubbles i can picture going with that image Shizuka
Shizuka: looks like cadence found my porn
Chrysalis i don't think it's down
Shizuka, my face, all day, every day.
00,10"you want me to stick what where"
Und dann Ninjazz was Cadence.
Well done cachi01, now everyone knows
/me is actually Chrysalis
Stupid flash player
>.>
<.<
>.>
MegaMoonShine: no one knows
<.<
Meanwhile: nein
VioletGreySha: Ja.
Ninjazz: :O
/me evil grins
Ninjazz no your not
Meanwhile: nur in deinen dreams
Ohai, Chrysalis.
VioletGreySha: :c
Ninjazz, Are you a spy?!
Meanwhile: oh ja
TheRainbowDash, No. I'm... a princess. :3
VioletGreySha: Und that's the limit of my Deutsch.
o_O, that's hard to believe.
Meanwhile: well iam deutsch so i dont have a limit
Ninjazz: Well prepare to be loved like heck cause i'm a huge chryalis lover :D
wait, off-colour humour?
VioletGreySha: limit break
i just noticed, men in tights is pg13?
VioletGreySha: I'm amazed I know any given my tendency to fall asleep in language lessons.
Ninjazz: Chrysalis... ;)
/me points at Chrysalis "I'm the princess that only loved by Shining Armor"
Ninjazz: You know, even for an insect, she's pretty hot.
er what
GilDash, Wat.o.O
GilDash, I agree.
TheRainbowDash: IM A STEGOSAURUS!
Meanwhile: i wounder i get trough school with all that sleep
Err....god to know.xD
*good
GilDash: ikr chrysalis is hawt
Good job she's sapient. ;)
http://theadmin.co.uk/images/stories/1341506814-CmSjs8.jpg
ACS13123: it worked MY TIME MACHINE FINALLY WORKED
CrimsonPhoenix he does agree that they're hardly differant characters
Chrysalis: dafuq game is that xD
not a damn clue
cachi01: lol nope, Im a stegosaurususususususususususususususus which makes it snow like crazy!
/me cuts a deal with Visser Three
Ello there.
Hello Malavolent
Dat Malavolent.^^
Ello Malavolent :)
helloooooooooou Malavolent
hey Malavolent hows your day been
Allo Malavolent
Ello gov'nor
alexxm, obviously
alexxm: Quite okay, nothing interesting happened. What about you?
CrimsonPhoenix yeah well my friend isn't excualty familar to star trek
00,10note to self. check windows.old dir for any thing I want to save then nuke directory from orbit.
that's cool
Malavolent good showed my friend who isn't familar to star trek a video of Q
Sumica: It's the only way to be sure.
alexxm: And?
Malavolent well he liked it and sees that they're pretty much the same character
alexxm: Oh, good :)
Fillies and gentlecolts, I must leave ze chat for I have school.
http://youtu.be/HOe1aVRjb_4
Okay, see you then AttacktheAndalite.^^
AttacktheAndalite: Don't die, dying is bad.
Malavolent keep in mind this is the first time hes probably seen star trek apart from the 2009 movie
User0, Dat helpful tip.xD
User0: I'ma try not to die lol
bye AttacktheAndalite
YEERKS FOREVERR
Bye AttacktheAndalite :)
/me hugs ze chat
bronystate pls http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/278/550/82f.jpg
cachi01 please. No one wants that in here.
Meanwhile pls
ohboy here we go
cachi01, Err, brain does not compute.
dolan confuses me
alxm pls.
so what now
this made me lol http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/341/054/6d9.gif
good morning everyone
cachi01, So full of wat.xD
hi OneTrickPony
Hello there OneTrickPony^^
TheRainbowDash: ikr xd
hai cachi01 and TheRainbowDash
hey OneTrickPony hows your day been
reconize this? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oni7Cb5GPAE&feature=related
00,10alright to hell with this, it can scan when i dont want to use my system
hai alexxm: my day has been great
One does not simply wait for the scan
00,10I HAVE A GODDAMN PLAN
good to hear OneTrickPony
Rain, Yes....yes....that was the hay.
^ lol
Sumica don't be nervous.
Sumi got a plan, take cover!xD
Rainfall_Night, dat zelda 2 temple music
oh god run
User0: http://memegenerator.net/instance/23005708
Rainfall_Night: So... many... memorieeees!
Sumica: http://i.imgur.com/3HZ6m.jpg ?
:D
killerpony7733: XD
killerpony7733: I'm a tad bit afraid to click...
User0: It's only pictures and meme stuff
fair enough
/me is away: I'm off doing other things; most likely sleeping or eating.
Have fun Gunny.
^
me right now :http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4txVqr1eNwc
killerpony7733: http://derpy.me/3ZR0V (ghosts in SC2)
LURKA
IT'S COOL GUYYYYYYYY
COOL GUYYYYYYYY
^
Shhh, chat is asleep.
I LOVE cool guy
I was cool guy
once
Holy crap I am improving on speed free drawing with mouse
O..o
http://img266.imageshack.us/img266/6296/oc2side.png
Screw details!
detail accualy is dolan
00,10i should have somthing new to test on you all here in around 15 min.
Sumica: That sounds ominous.
00,10most of you should survive.
13most
Is it a deadly neurotoxin?
http://youtu.be/B_c7CPLlzO8
most
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UW7EnixZVNI&feature=related epic
00,10that video sounds like Vordagonts
CrimsonPhoenix: XD
00,10Some day Shizuka, we must do science.
I'm not going insane -I knew my desk was actually shaking! I can see my coffee vibrating!
13scirnce~
13that..
13i should just go back to bed but too hot
Hurr ur cun scirnce
If it bothers me, would you mind if I speak out on it?
Chat is undecided. So go for it.
http://derpy.me/RpjG1
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yFxn0WLoYPc This needs more attention, for real.o_O
00,10I would totaly put up with Vegas fry an egg hot over humidity any day
Well, the default answer is that everyone WOULD mind if I speak out on it.
Yeah well you say that pretty much every day.
The suspense of what you actually want to say has been killing me for weeks.
Really.
I've honestly been rather idle lately.
who wants to see a clown that could beat the crap out of you
Kandarihu: I know that feel, bro
I would like to see that
alexxm: me?
alexxm: It's bad enough seeing regular clowns.
00,10did't you already post that alexxm?
3
I'm halfway to a clown myself... only halfway - the pinkie pie half...
I've developed a reputation for complaining about everything, since that time that a lot of stuff that I found offensive was streamed in a short period of time.
User0, o_O.....uhh, Im'a just go over there.
13i am not putting on a clown costume..
alexxm: wut... the ...fu**
BUCK YEAH PINKIE PIE
Shizu, come on, do it for us.^^
And then there was that issue with Magicka that pushed it over the line.
13no :<
Shizuka: same here... that's why I'm the PP half... I don't dress the part
:<
Kandarihu: You've got a reputation for saying you would complain but you don't want people to take issue with it.
You're like the champion of being passive agressive.
Passive aggressive? It dat even a thing?o.O
OneTrickPony you said you wanted to see it
passive agressive? HCJVLAFJFERCDA
alexxm: it actually got kinda funny
Guess that became and old person saying while I wasn't looking.
an*
OneTrickPony how did it get funny
I RETURN! With a full belly and a memory like a seive. O_o
alexxm: cause he's beating the crap out of everyone
hey FairysHuff hows your day been
/me puts a drop cloth under FairysHuff
Welcome back FairysHuff.^^
00,10try not to make a mess
Hi FairysHuff :)
OneTrickPony i did say he could kick the crap out of you
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKAoJ5oxfeI warning pokemon content lol
alexxm Most slept ^_^ Been really woozy past 3 or 4 days. Dunno why.
o_o
cachi01: 0.O
Sumica Drop Cloth?
:#
:3
cachi01: :O
TheRainbowDash Thankies ^_^
FairysHuff: Because of your leaking brains.
00,10yeah them things they use to catch paint splaters
MegaMoonShine Yo
FairysHuff, Heh, you're welcome.^^
Good afternoon, everypony!
Meanwhile Just never heard of a drop cloth before.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nH3rH84M35A
hey Crono_brony hows your day been
hi Crono_brony
Dat Crono_brony.^^
Allo Crono_brony
hiys Crono_brony
Corrupt: U CANT DELIVER DIGIORNO
lol
http://youtu.be/M3TVv0taFzU
i like digorno pizza :3
I was going to do something before I left for food shopping earlier but planned to do it when I got back instead. I've completely forgotten what it was. O_o
cachi01, ....wat...xD
alexxm: I've been doing great! Thanks for asking!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDH55MBdO7c&feature=g-u-u
CrimsonPhoenix: fuck pinkie scared me xDDD
ANY OF THE MODS PUT ON MY LITTLE PONY NEWBORN CUTIES WE ALL LOVE IT! :D
/me slaps sonicandmario85 with a cinderblock.
00,10soon
Never.
sonicandmario85, watch the tabs
:3
oh man
deus exx is fun
Bronysith Which one? Theres 2.
original
Off to TF2 everypony~
Bronysith Yuss, very fun.
Bye FlareChaser|TF2 :)
00,10I realy need to figure out how to reinforce my new rocket/bomb design
hey sumica wanna slaughter some kerbals?
XD
00,10it keeps crushing fueltanks due to speed.
FairysHuff: i just stopped for right now cause omg
Bronysith Huh?
FairysHuff: it is good
00,10who would have thought doing 4500m/s in atmo would do such a thing.
Bronysith So you stopped playing because it's that good? ^_^ LOL
if kerbals were ponies mmmmm i wonder how a death cutie mark would look like
cachi01 Skull
FairysHuff: i stopped because idk. i cant handle the pure epicness of it right now
Bronysith LOL Fairy fluff hehe
00,10my cutie mark is an exploding rocket
i just had a burger but it wasnt made of cow beef it was made of ground up chicken my dad turned them into patties now they are burgers DAM are they good XD
Sumica: Should it not be a Kerbal on fire? :P
Sumica I don't have a cutie mark and don't know what it would be.
Sumica: is that taken by Phase4?
Sumica: i thought its a mutilated kerbal
FairysHuff: same here
Sumica: or a picture of rivel
http://i.imgur.com/Kvr3p.png I didn't see any cutiemark on phase's
my cutie mark is a youtube logo so i guess my special talent is watching youtube videos XD
My cutie mark is a Computer.
I THINK I was going to play some Syndicate... but I get the feeling thats not quite right. *Is confused by his poor memory* >_<
What is Syndicate?
IS IT A GAME?
MasterBoss43: It's like Deus Ex but not.
WHAT IS IT?
yes, it's a game
13it is a fruit
TELLLLLLL MEEEEEE!
sonicandmario85, Errr, yesh, it is.
FairysHuff: Syndicate as in the old one? :)
sonicandmario85: Less caps lock
MasterBoss43 Think of it as a top down strategy Deus Ex
Meanwhile in tokyo, Chi chu chan chong?
Syndicate by of Shizu's logic is an apple.
Is Syndicate an instrument?
GilDash Yeh. I bought it on GOG.com ages ago
No Jim Syndicate is not an instrument.
Jim: fair enough
/me raises hand
FairysHuff: I really could do with getting some more things off of GOG. :)
Meanwhile, Err....I got the horse radish, but I decided to put dat away.o_O
no Jim syndicate is not mayonnaise
sumica theres some kerbals wanting to be slaughterd by you xD
00,10soon
GilDash I bought quite a few games from it. Dungeon Keeper 2 being another.
Meanwhile: is your moustache an instrument?
Bronysith: It's everything.
Meanwhile's moustache is the essence of life
EPIC FAIL http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHoZRr1dvOo&feature=g-vrec
*a changeling of derpy comes*
I think 8 and a half hours of ratchet and clank 2 in one night is enough
Night guys
FairysHuff: I think I've bought Descent 1 & 2 off of it, and that's it so far. I'm planning on Planescape: Torment at some point. :)
see ya XAX
/me gives Sumica a pony
00,10woooooooooo
*eats the changeling*tasty :3
happy now sumi?
GilDash Yeh all the old Black Isle RPGS are on my wishlist as well. Also WingCommander games
FairysHuff: WingCommander... been a long time since I've seen that name. :)
i want to huggle twilight sparkle so badly
GilDash Yeh. Was one of my favourite series. ^_^
THIS is SYndicate - http://youtu.be/6oO-_3ib2gk
Shizuka:Take This With You If You Dont Want To Be Along*gives a fluttershy*
FairysHuff: Well, I'm definitely going to have to check it all out at some point. :)
alone*
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-YaD34txxfwg/T4NTTrB0pYI/AAAAAAAAAIM/JmqR0ZhwOeM/s1600/Derpy+Hooves+-+Take+This.png
If I ever get around to buying Icewind Dale, you fancy a two player?
pene
i have this program called Celestia and i can explore the solar system and other ones too :D
i can even look at other galaxys
sup
FairysHuff: 1 or 2?
GilDash|Dinner Both.
i can even look at the freaking earth XD
FairysHuff: I think my brother bought them, so I have both anyway. A bitch to set up though. :S
and the moon too
GilDash|Dinner Yeh I have the original releases in their big arse cardboard boxes but want to buy them on GOG so I can get them to work more easily ^_^
also guys im a kerbal :3 you know you want to kill me..
FairysHuff: Got them off GOG and they're still a nightmare to run over internet. :D
GilDash|Dinner LOL ^_^
FairysHuff: I have to go get dinner now anyway. :)
Sumica: http://i.imgur.com/Lt9oZ.png
GilDash|Dinner Yuppers. ENjoy
Lol Jim.
It's a shame the original Syndicate doesn't have multiplayer.
Jim:OMG IM ON THERE XD
i think htis will explode
I think it should be remade or modded with multiplayer in mind.
yay
OW!!!!!
:O
YAY]
HUZZAH!
stream
KERBAL!
SHIT THAT SCARED THE LIVING BALLS OUT OF ME
Ow.
rainfall
Oh my god.
that going to work
Haha i was watching yogscast when he started, i shat bricks.
guess
Irish_Pony: ikr
Thanks for streaming Sumica
Ah, so you're experimenting with rockets.
FINALLY THE STREAM HAS ARIIIIIIVED!
what
Omg....my damn ears!!! x_x
My... ears...
That thing is going destroy a planet.
^
yay streeam~
YAY MORE KERBAL SLAUGHTERING
Who...on Earth is streaming?
And I'm listening through lap top speakers. o__o
My little metal: Friendship is symphonic
I nearly shit myself when that started playing O_o I have few enough clean underwear. You trying to ruin what little I have?
/me is back (gone 00:33:48)
Irish_Pony What scared you?
i didnt realise my computer was turned up, and i have headphones
Omg, that rocket....
i think this will explode
Metal_Gear_Jazz: my face exploded from the noise
rave sumica is streaming
http://i.imgur.com/Lt9oZ.png
That's not a spacecraft, that's a missile.
Ah, thx sonicandmario85
^explains whos streaming
And it's leaning. o_o
Whats so scary?
O___________0
too the mooooon
Lol, Jim :D
my little metal medley symphonic version?
lol Jim
well that can't be good
backflip!
oh I had no idea where that was coming from
But dad that was a frontflip.
Oh god!
Dat giggle at the ghosties...
00,10gonna need a bigger sas
this is working well
Meanwhile: IDONT CARE
good afternoon
hai Dken2021
Sumica: Dat sas.
Sumica: guessing you're streaming...
BACKFLIP
eeyup my little metal medley symphonic version
frontflip!
/me sits on Sumica s space ship
good afternoon Dken2021 :)
Son:BUT DAD THAT WAS A FRONTFLIP!
I DONT CAREEEE!
hey Dken2021 hows your day been
Out of fuel?
Let's go to the moon Sumica!
Does anyone know how to get dosbox to play in windowed mode?
Dat appropriate plummet./
BOOM CRASH!
BOOM!
bamf.
music fits
alexxm twas alright, been binging on simpson episodes
Hey Dken2021 :P
Irish_Pony im gonna do it
ded
boom
WINTERWRAP UP :D
He ded
Irish_Pony im gonna get scared
My mom's watching this. And her heart really goes out to the Kerbals.
hi Kandarihu's mom!!
have there ever been survivors
Ah the memories connected to these songs :3
:D
Irish_Pony Rhis is for you my friend
hai Kandarihu's mother
She says hi back
Kandarihu Tell her it's ok. They go to a better place. Biohazard waste disposel.
Why am i so nostalgic from this!? :D
Minecraft music
I fucking missed you
Lets Finish Our Holidy Cheer
That's what you get boy, i don't care!
XD
why do i hate winter wrap up so much?
Well actually, Winter Wrap-Up is truly how i became a brony O.o
I'm about ready for summer wrap up :)
your telling me
ACS13123: It is NOT minecraft music you idiot.
lawl wtf that aint even scary
Sumica: http://i.imgur.com/Lt9oZ.png
Lets finish our spaceship now.
/me is air guitaring to this song
XD
what should i wrap up here if there's only dry and wet season?
summer wrap up eh? sounds warm
MasterBoss43: I meant on my minecraft o3o
Summer wrap up summer wrap up!
Dken2021: Lawls.
what would summer wrap up even be
Even though I have the game I want to watch a lets play of the original syndicate now ^_^
Adding snow. Enough snow to soak up the heat
ACS13123: *Stephano voice* I DONT CAAAAAAAAAARE!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cause tomorrow school is hear
sonic rainboom
this music took a turn to become even more fitting for kerbal slaying
SO EPIC :O
MOAR ROCKETS
User0 Yes, yes yes yes YEEEEEEEEEES!
Let's a go!
MasterBoss43: it just had that kerbal slaying feel to it...
put more bombs on it
Slaughter thoose Kerbals, or whatever.
Bombs?
You want it?
who is streaming
It needs about 20% more party cannon
alexxm: Bombs? You want them, you can have it
It's yours my friend
SUMICA IS STREAMING
00,10shake shake
yo mama
Are you trying to land on the moon or blow it up?
As long as you have anough rupees
^
and 80% more BASS
So much fuel o3o
Who is streaming? SUMICA IS STREAMING!
Dat overheat
Lol, yeah
Toasty.
MOAR ROCKETS
2 kerbals look freaked out..
XD
The astronaut on the left
Pfft, the one on the right.
One is happy tho! :3
dat singed liftoff pad...
Lawl
Cause 9001 rockets just isnt ENOUGH
why is he always happy
He has surrendered to insanity.
Some kerbal just want to watch the world burn
^
Those rockets are overheating. They need to be about 200% cooler.
BTW :) Are any Mods missing a lunar lander? While shaking trees in my AC town, one fell out of a tree :P
alexxm: Cuz hes living a dream!!
brb
YES RAINBOW DASH MUSIC
XD
>.>
Hey ponies, I r back to haunt you
00,10bingo fuel
Aaaaaaand out of fuel
thats the kerbals planet right der :3
pftt screw RD, pinkie pie has best part IN EVERYTHING!
MegaMoonShine: http://i.imgur.com/AnyG4.png
hey Very_Silly_Filly what have you been up to
Sod all
Dat planet is errf children
'dem old kerbs
rainbow dash is 20% cooler than pinkie pie :3
Why is it that so often, two of the kerbals are scared/uncomfortable while the other one is cool?
IKR
pussies?
Sumica: Whatever happened to that one that got launched off into space?
^
bath salts
:D
the one kerbal needs deal with it glasses
dat crash
The lander was empty so I'm assuming it was an unkerbal'd flight
The one Kerbal to rule them all.
Kandarihu: Becaue jeb gives roughly -2 fucks
they died an hero
:O
is that africa?
And now it starts falling.
They're falling back dooooown!
Nooooooo
If I talked to a blind doomsday person, Would I say "some poepuhl wanna see da wurld burhn"
dat fitting musi
c
Kandarihu he farts in the ship
We need spike to say noooo
NUUUUUUUUUUUU!
The music is fitting though
i would go for M Bison instead of spike
and 3rd kerbal didnt give a shit in all day
^
i whould go with darth vader instead of spike XD
Indeed
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
PONYGROOVE
And now catgroove!
ponygroov
e
Or... not :S
Drop it alright.
Are they gonna catch fire?
This music
If I look closer, the one on the right is named Hudvin Kerman
*places a target at 49.37493 & 148.98572*
umm
That thing is falling fast
ded?
Wow
That thing is falling seriously fast.
:O
DED
and hudvin is like FUCK YEAH
STILL SMILLING
HOW
should it be going that fast
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-
Y DA FUQ R U STILL SMILING XDD
Ded.
Lol!!
one rocket was peacing out...
EVERYDAY IM SHUFFELIN
how can you still be smiling
He welcomes death
NOOoOoOoOOooOoO
Wubs.
everyday im hating that shitty song
sonic rainboom?
*Demoman voice* KABEAAAOOOOM! ((I know it is kabom -.-))
XD
That parachute is a fail.
ZEE GOGGLES THEY DO NOTHING!!
^
datt parachute
HE BETRAYED US!
lawl
now he screams
YESSS
*Le wild iLivid add apeared.
XDDDDDDDDDDD
:O Now move a little to the left - now more to the right - now a little leftish whi- aww it missed
Trollachute
00,10want to see some srs shit?
Yes!
:$
Yes
THIS MUSIC
yeah
Eeyup.
Failchute is credit to kerbal slaughter
do it
WHAT IS THIS MUSIC?
http://i.imgur.com/LUkl0.gif
Sumica: Yes yes yes yes YEEEEES!
my mom loves this music XD
...
DustyNomad take on me
THAT VOICE...
Jim: thank you, thank you so very much
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Jim: Where do you get these?? :D
o_O
RaveBrony: I make them myself
00,10this is the one that goes so fast it colopses it's fuel tanks
Jim: How is this done? :o
Take On Me
DustyNomad, this song is Take On Me by A-Ha. Classic '80s rock.
:3
Sounds like a winner.
Sumica: USE IT
the gif is made on just a builder on a site
I LOVE THIS SONG
wtf what the hell is this music
not sure how to make gifs from scratch
/me is unable to comprehend the seriousness of this shit
Uhhh
What the heck'
RaveBrony magic
/me Smiles soooooo much.
:o
Supr srs shit!
Join rainbowdash to see
[21:46:00] <@DustyNomad> What the heck am I doing here[21:46:06] <@DustyNomad> O.O
this song suits this very well XD
That looks like an arrow with an explosive tip.
I still don't think there is enough rocket...
Meanwhile: knee
Meanwhile: explosive everything?
Now theyre all scared :D
RainbowDash Triggers: !op !halfop !voice !cd !eightball !lottery !rps !roll 2d6 | /gs help
o_O
:o
Splode.
O_o
What the heck?
13that music timing
hahaaahhahahahaahahahahahahahahaha
DustyNomad, Wat...o_O
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
O_______0
:D
Rofl!!!
they survuved
The rest of it is outta there.
ahhahahahaahaaaaahahahahaaaaaaa
FITTING MUSIC IS FITTING
Idk I joined that and found this
omg
alexxm: not for long!
They are still falling up :D
lawl
Have Pokmon music when using this rocket! Pokmon battle music!
And it's still going up
LOL LOOK AT THE KERBALS
XD
This seems like the perfect song for this...
does faces...
replay plz
Dat drill
hmm
they happy
he scared
http://www.gog.com/en/gamecard/syndicate
gurren lagen
DARK MAGIC
they enjoy the pain
I want this music without singing
through da earth
13their drill
13is the drill that will pierce the ground
ITS A FREAKING SPACE DRILL
funny thing is
The drill that will pierce nothing at all
he usually only one happy
Kerbel used DRILL!
now he only one scared
Shizuka: still not big enough for molestia...
Oh boy it's gaining speed
MY DRILL IS THE DRILL THAT WILL PIERCE THE KERBIN!
wait
nvm
Got a parachute on that?
YOU ALL WILL DIE
inb4 KER...
wait
nvm
:/
lawl
hmmmmmmmmm
its a brand new die and the sun is high and the birds are singing AND YOU ARE GONNA DIE
Boooooooo
And then the rest of the rocket crashes into them out of nowhere.
magic
This song
Question - Can you use IRC clients with an Android 4 Tablet?
OH GOD
And then celebration song
ITS TRIXIE
Successchute is not credit to kerbal slaughter...
what is this music!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Whats that road lead too?
this is k pop
Do a flip.
backflip!
*Demoman voice* KABEAAAOOOOM! ((I know it is kabom -.-))
trixie
BUT DAD THAT WAS A BACKFLIP
I DONT CAREEEEEE!!!!!!!
this song is bad IMO
13why does this sound the same as the other pony songs..
double backflip!
Do a barrel roll!
and all was well
not ded...
OOOH NO NO KABEAOOM? FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-
:D
success
They see me rollin'
It can still roll, lol
dat barrel roll
I like the music, but the song dulls me.
They hatin'
Lol!!
Guess what
wut
I heard a tombstone song on a radio add
iteresting...
Patrollin', they tryin' to catch me ridin' dirty
why wont itunes open
:O
interesting*
BAD F****NG SONG OMG
is danceing
Tryin' to catch me ridin' dirty
Meanwhile: Yeah, the singing isnt the best
Tryin' to catch me ridin' dirty
ACS13123: yep we are controlling the world
Tryin' to catch me ridin' dirty
ACS13123 Serious?
MegaMoonShine: I just snickered and got a strange look from a coworker - he know's I'm not focusing
ACS13123 No kiding?
User0: Unless you're really amused by code.
Im srs
it was Mineturtle
Code can be funny.
Hi everypony :S
I got it on my iPos
HELLO
yo
Rocket_Dash: Hiya
00,10more duct tape
pod*
Hi Rocket_Dash :S
hai Rocket_Dash
Meanwhile: possibly that, but that would be me facepalming for doing something stupid...
Sumica: always
It was EXACTLY the same
Hey Rocket_Dash
MY NAME IS DINKIE-DOODLE
joke XD
It was a tombstone song, it matched up to the song exactly
hia Roket_dash
funny thing is
it sounds kinda like this one
ACS13123: one of his ASDF movie songs?
cachi01: yesh
magic is such a beatiful thing
XD
00,10seems to be working
BEAUTIFUL*
ACS13123: u heard toms dog
cachi01: mineturtle
BRONYS RULE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
brony_boy115: eeeyup
cachi01: he did a mineturtle 1 aswell
Bronys in space.
umm
XD
you went too far...
we need to go deeper
Y DAFUQ ARE U SHOUTING?
U MADE IT
The rest of it is going to destroy whatever it lands on.
o3o
TO THE SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!
Well, your ship on course for doom.
sonicandmario85:eeyup
flash...flash...flash...
HELLO EVERYPONY! :)
hey Rocket_Dash hows your day been
dinkie doodle donkey???
gay
hmm maybe I should put all the mane 6 in m.u.g.e.n
.-.
we do? then our next stop: the white house
Whats the objective?
orbit the sun
what are you supposed to do?
hai Ponies47
oh..
hi ponie 47
HELLO PONIES47!
ponies your just in time for watching kerbals be slaughterd :D
love is in bloom <3
I need to get this game - Just to find out how far into space I can go before reaching another solar system ^_^
i mean ponies47
Hai Ponies47 :D
sonicandmario85: YAY AND LOVE IS IN BLOOM! :D
ponies47 47 what?
love is in bloom is meh
The music of ''A Canterlot Wedding'' :P
Cypresswolf, the alpha is free. kerbalspaceprogram.com
Kerbal space program is free?
00,10wonder if tiny rocket can slow down ship
Hi Ponies47!
YES
ONLY THE DEMOS FREE
bbbff is da shit
^
Is he using the demo?
^
I LOVE THIS SONG!!!!!!!!!!!! BRONY COMUNITY'S RULLE
DustyNomad: You can pay whatever you want for it
is dis game f2p?
Awww yes the extended version!
hey Ponies47 hows yiur day bene
can I pay 0.1?
tara sings this?
This music is the music of the episode ''A canterlot Wedding'' :P
probally XD
brony_boy115 bbbff is a good song too
0.0.0.1 euroes :)
Think 1 dollar is minimum
Rocket_Dash: you dont say
00,10you only get the game if you pay up to 15
Kandarihu: I'll have to check that out in another 3 hours - still at work...O_O I think the boss is coming
15 what?
ohai alexxm good thank you. You?
chachi01 I say :P
aw shit
15 dollars or euroes?
I'm thinking about bringing my violin into work and seeing what my coworkers think about my new pedal (via pony music) - I like it, but the notes become a little too distorted to the point that the notes become a little hard to hear...
00,1015USD or equivlent
dr.horrible sing along blog
(\:D/)
It's a brand new day
is dat another galaxy i see?
You get to acces the beta testing, which is now, if you pay 1$. if you pay 15$ you get the game when it's out
and the sun is high
>_>...<_< Nope coworker ^_^
i'm good Ponies47 showed a friend of mine whos a brony but unfamilar with star trek Q
FUCK YEAH DR HORRIBLE
a phew streamers have this gam
/me watches the video involving the psychological study of bronies. Hears the psychologist utter the words "Rule 34". Oh god, what have you done.
alexxm: How did that go?
The game is still in alpha?
brony_boy115 It's too short though
but you can pay 1$ now and it will count towards the 15$. So if you decide you want the game when it's out, you can pay the remaining 14$
00,10I dont think I am gonna be able to slow this one down
?
i left watching Phase4 play this I thought he was still on when I first logged
Ponies47 he liked it and he does see the simularities with discord
Australiaaa
I'll buy the game soon
alexxm: Nice
AUSTRALIA"!
Maybe when its out
AND U R GONNA DOE
die*
Doctor Horrible's singalong blog is excellent
I only need 4 more S3 predictions for my bingo game to reach 50 ^_^
brony_boy115 yeah...maybe somone will make a remix
I agree jim
Is this song from Doctor Horrible?
CAKE
OH
THAT SONG
CAKE
Kandarihu: yes
now where's my chocolate cake
Kandarihu: eeyup
<3
HERE WE GO
:D
I see.
WHERE IS MY CHOCOLATE CAKE
I WANT THE CAKE+
OGOD NOT THE BEEEEEES
I WANT THAT CAKE!
/me wants that cake
awww yeaaaaa
:D
THE CAKE IS A LIEEEEEEEEEEE
THE CAKE :D
THE CAKE IS A FUCKIN LIE
I want that CAKE!
I WANT IT
DO YOU WANT THIS CAKE????!
that cake is a fake
Oh my god it spins
i want it
Scootaloo
Where's my cake... I WANT IT :D
What movie is that from :D
I WANT IT
the spinning hurts my brain
missle inbound
Cake spam, cake spam everywhere
That's how a drill works!
I WANT THAT CAKE
lolcakelol
I can not focus on coding with cake in my ears...
(\:d/)
TADAAAAAAA
O_O
AND THE SHIP TOO
lolcakelol
STOP PRESSING Z OR R TWICE
ehhahhahahsahahsahhashahs
harry partrige is awsome
atdaaa
OUR DRILLS WILL PIERCE THe EARTH
tadaaa
Do a Barrel Roll :D
TABEEEEEEEES~
taddaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
aw shit
so many good song
sweetiebot <3
Do a barrel roll!
Sweetiebot!
sweetiebot
The guy playing is using demo?
mmmm something giant hat
Umm.. Sumica ... I think... they ded :/
Sweetiebot!
Do a Barrell Roll Ultimate... press AAAAAA
00,10I almost got this
Nuclear launch detected!
applejack fell in the mud?
Good song is good
I'LL GO THERE 2
00,10and no this is beta version
Twilight: In COMING!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOOK AT THE KERBALS XD
All the songs from FiW are so damn catchy
*jumps in mud*
Beta means u bought it?
Sumica: Come on... you can do it... so close..
00,10aye
applebot...
MegaMoonShine: indeed
XD
throw a bunch of grapes, catch them with your face!
nuu
O_O Do a barrel roll :P
umm
they ded
00,10they boned
its impossible to get back now
wait
o_o
this is a awsome song but the a buetiful wedding's better
well...... fuck
Cypresswolf you're not matt hardy
ITS SPINNING FAST
XD
let them burn
BURN
00,10almost
they be space explorers
I have a principled dislike of robot girls, but Sweetie Bot is just too friggin' cute to say no to.
so many kicks...
Day205: We are still spinning toward our home planet we are low on food....moral is low.....i hope the impact kills me....
http://300bps.org/gallery3/var/resizes/funnyshit/omg-it-spins.jpg?m=1303021013
It's moving at like, half a metre a second. x]
00,10they might hit the uper atmo
alexxm: I'm not? :P
Dead Space Moment.... OH GOD WHY :S
Sweetiebot is awesome :D
Yes!
WAITTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
Cypresswolf he has an obession with grapes
Sumica got dork side of the moon?
hi icybeauti
The game is shipped to our house?
Hello everypony. This is the last time I'll be here for the nect 2 weeks.
inb4 epic bass drop
Or we have it instantly?
Is this the dubstep remix?
icybeauti: don't die, dying is ba
Hey everypony!
icybeauti D: why?
O_O :D
hi icybeauti
:D alexxm first time I heard of that
icybeauti: bad*
EggWhite Hay
Hey EggWhite :)
luuuuuunaaaaaaa wont you cry for meeeee
00,10nope, stable orbit
I SAW THE FREAKIN RED SUN
hi EggWhite
Hey icybeauti and EggWhite
what remix is this?
hey icybeauti hows your day been
im as lonely as ive ever been
I'm not dying! I'm goign on vacation.
BOOMWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUB
hey EggWhite hows yoru day been
too the moon!
dubstep........god fdamn it
dat wub
And then you made a satelite which you'll crash into some later time
Well, that's still better than flying into the sun.
icybeauti where?
DUBSTEP
YAYAYAYAYAWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUBWUB
and then I hated the song
RIP Kerbals
00,10lets try somthing new
How is everypony doing?
and thats how you ruin a song
Invi|omnom: Costa Rica
:'(
hey eggwhite :3
another kerbal dead again?
It buffered right before the drop
AND THAT IS HOW YOU RUIN AN EPC SONG
hai EggWhite
ADD DUBSTEP = DED
cachi01: I agree
YOUR JUST IN TIME TO SEE KERBALS GET SLAUGHTERD
wubwubwub...more like DeaaaUGUGUGUG =_(\
my bass boost headset is vibrating... all of it...
cachi01: Amen
Jury Duty did give me an idea - pony ep where the mane 6 are interrogated in Celestia's court :)
icybeauti sounds expensive
user my wireless headphones are vibrating right now XD
DayZ tiem!
Invi|omnom how was jury duty anyway
BRB ima get mah headset
Invi|omnom: We have miles, so that coverd most of the tickets.
:P
alexxm what jury duty?
also just incase anyone didnt know our voices and sound are vibration
XD
and our ears pick it up
sonicandmario85: my headset takes a USB for extra power for the bass boost...
dubstep all sounds the same to me
Really low on fresh ideas for this bingo thing -_-
Invi|omnom sorry i derped
I'm leavign 4 am tomorrow. I might stay up to say my byes.
:o
Bronysith: cause its the same shit
icybeauti where ya goin?
Dken2021: Costa Rica
sonicandmario85: that is why i wrote "all of [my headset]"
BOOKS
REAAAAAAAAD!
This is my book, and I'm gonna read it!
icybeauti hope you enjoy it there
Have enough fun for me too, icybeauti!! I never travel :D
icybeauti: going to see some mamasitas?
icybeauti, have fun.
We must read BOOKS!
icybeauti ooh, hope you enjoy the trip
BOOKS!!!!!!! :D
Books!! :[
books
OH MY GOD ITS A SPACE SHUTTLE
THIS IS MY BOOK AND I'M GONNA READ IT!
BOOKS
THE GODDAMN BOOKS :[
Damn sexy books!!!
KERBAL SPACE SHUTTLE XD
Need Read More.... BOOK :) :) :)
Alchemist: I'll have fun, thank you guys. Dken2021 I will.
I own all of them
^
God, so much ping o.O
cachi01: The books mason what DO THEY MEAN!
And they're DAMN sexy!
Damn right they are!!!
Books is bets pony
MY BOOK! NO! BAD! THAT'S MY BOOK! .... MY BOOK.
best*
/me doesnt have a book atm :[
Books :[
also i actually discoverd space shuttles are planes that go into space XD
WUUUUT
sonicandmario85: :O No! really?! :O
Oh, the meme song!
NYAN CAT :D :D :D
yep
NYAN
Aw YEAH!!
NYANYANYANAYANYANYANYANYA
NYANANANAANNAANANNNANAANA NANANANNANANANANANANA
eeyup
le internet medley by the gag quartet
NYAN NYAN NYAN NYAN NYAN NYAN NYAN NYAN NYAN NYAN :D
OOOOOOOH YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH LE INTERNET MEDLEY
dat spam
:S
>Le
=_(\
DAT INTERNET MEDELDEDJEWODQHEWYIGFBQEWUOGFQEWDVFQW
eggs bacon and spam.
NYAN NYAN NYAN NYAN NYAN NYAN
DAMN YOU BUFFER
00,10this might work
i hate le
Screw eggs give me bacons
need more Fluttershy spots....what can I picture Fluttershy doing...
:D
LEEK SPIN
icybeauti no sausage?
I hate leek spin
SPIN :D
BACON STRIPS
LEEK SPIN :D
00,10night launch
Rock cover? :P
Invi|omnom: I just say bacon.
Rocket_Dash: no le internet medley
00,10.......uh
keyboard cat!
Guitar cat?
cachi01 oh.. :$
00,10mane booster why you no work
Space time! :P
PIANO CAT VERSION GUITAR? :P
LAUNCH http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5vkyp1ZYe1rqmvgg.jpg
TROLOLOLOLO :D
icybeauti <3 bacon wrapped sausage
this song pleases me
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLLLOLOOOOOOOOOOOOO
TROLOLOLOLOOOOOOOOOLLOOOLLLLLL LOOOL LOLL OOL :D
ded
good night sweet prince.. :(
Roket-Dash how do you do the derpy face
FELLOW TROLLS THIS IS OUR LEADER SPEKAING!
KIA XD
man if i was a mod i would stream rock band 3 and sing this xd
LE INTERNET MELODY!!!!!!!!!!!!
speaking*
only thing I despise about the video in this music are the reddit content
HIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
ded
13so guys
Invi: One sec, I will null your fix http://www.bbqaddicts.com/blog/recipes/bacon-explosion/
:D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D
13i know a really funny joke about UDP
EUUGUEBWOHNIUGNVIUMEIUOCIOEUGUYEEBGUEBUCYB
URURURURURURURURURURURURURUURURURU
13but you might not get it
UDP?
I LOVE DAHDAHHHGHGHGHGHGHGGHHGGHHGHGHGHGHGHMMHMMMGMGMGMGMGMGMGMMGGMGMMGGMGMMGGG
BLARGGGG
BLarghh
BLAAAAAAARGJ
numa numa
Shizuka go at it
13why so spam
dat blargh
.-.
:O <3
DRAGOSTEA DIN TEI
Shizuka: Yes may we here it? :3
Numa Numa :D
whatever happened to the numa numa guy
13you did
13i told you you might not get it
MAERA TI MAERA TU MAERA LOL :P
alexxm: he became famous and got bitches
alexxm: old vid is old
MY
00,10da helll
FUCKING
EARS
Cypresswolf Are you making a game?
Roket_Dash how do ya do that there derpy face
RICK ROLL :D
AAAAA RICK ROLL
backflip
THIS IS EARRAPE
backflip
holy shite
DO A BARREL ROLL
CHOCOLATE RAIN
Frontflip!
Yeah! frontflip!
backflip
BACK FLIP :D :D:D:D:D DO A BARELL ROLL
xD
physics.
KIA O_O
nyan cat METAL
ALL THE MEMES ON THE INTERNET UNITE!
00,10damn boosters you scarry
SPAMSPAM
ALL YOUR MEMES ARE BELONG TO US
LOUD NOISES
icybeauti _O
great timing on the song
dammit! the stream is too laggy for me... right now i just got to the leek spin part.
outcome: catastrophic, failure
whatev
Invi: That os the bacon explosion. a bacon mat with sausage in the middle with another wrapping of bacon.
cachi01: you mean: huge success?
hio everyone :)
I WANT Muffin :P
hio Lil_B :)
:P
Lil_B hi :D
hai Lil_B
Hey Lil_B :)
User0: its hard to overstate my satisfaction
Hey Lil_B!
hi Lil_B
:P:P6_9
ITS MORPHIN TIME! Pinkie Pie:DRAGONZORD! Rainbowdash:SABER TOOTHED TTIGER! Twilight:TRYANNOSOURAS!
eya Lil_B
wow XD
GO GO PONY RANGEEEEEERS
icybeauti it... is soo... beautiful :'(
hai Lil_B
Back! :D
never trust pinkie pie with dragonzord she can be destructive with it XD
00,10damn this thing is fast and hard to controll
O_O
Invi: My father actually makes one for our yearly camping trip. It taste like heaven.
cachi01: Kerbal science, we genocide what we want, because we can
Cypresswolf 100 what?
xD
O__________0
hey Lil_B hows your day been
I have 46/50 right now
K.I.A = Killed In Actions? :P
/me hugs MegaMoonShine Rocket_Dash Dken2021 Crono_brony brony_boy115 icybeauti and Jim :)
YES! Kerbal Space Program! Hi ponies!
:o
Fast much?
/me hugs Lil_B back :D
Lil_B :O
whats the video
Cypresswolf, can I see that bingo card?
Hey Stormman3100!
be right back every pony :)
YES! Stormman3100! Hi! :D
oh lemme check MLB brb
User0: for the lols of everyone except for the one who hate
Lil_B: I said hi :'(
PUT ON THE CATGROOVE SONG
alexxm just came back from a family birthday, but it was good so far :)
WHATS THE VIDEO:[
hey Stormman3100 hows your day been
BACKFLIP XD
One does not simply, order the streamer to put on a song
Cypresswolf Maybe i can help
^
^^
alexxm pretty good, having to deal with a major sunburn ='(
korean this is being aired by sumica and this isnt a video hes watching its a game
^^^^
CrimsonPhoenix: Here's the first 40 http://texasbronygroup.4umer.com/t91-season-3-bingo-in-progress
^^^^^^
oh
Ponies47 wait... I included you... oh... appearently something went wrong while writing your name, sry
and hes playing it
icybeauti :'( I'm jelly
Lil_B: It's ok! :)
00,10ffs
oooh they aren't on grid yet
BACK FLIP... DO A BARRELL ROLL :D
games called kerbal space program
Invi: You could make one, you just need a smoker.
/me hugs Ponies47 ... very hard :3
DO A BARRELL ROLLL
TO THE MOON
K.I.A!!!!!! IN COMING!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cypresswolf: Omg! These predictions are amazing :D
/me Hugs Lil_B back
Cypresswolf Need ideas?
00,10crazy arse ship
Sumica: O RLY?
dat song.
MINETURTLE
Dat song
MINETURTLE!
MY TURTLE
MINETURTLE O_O :O :D
But honestky, if the CMCs get their cutie marks, we must be ready for panic o_O
I miss Sumica's voice
IS MY MIEN TUTRTLE
Mineturtle is best pony
^mineturtle!!!!!!
Yes, the last month have been very slow coming up with new ideas :)
mine turtle vs i like trains kid who would win
MINETURTLE
MINE TURTLE SONG! O_O
:D
wtf is this xD
MINETURTLE
K.I.A
Mine turtle is best turtle
HELLO
00,10bad design
*steps on mineturtle and the world explodes*
MINETURTLE!
AHHHHHHHHHH
mine turtle vs i like trains kid who would win
(\:D/)
icybeauti we have no Smoker, we have a Schwenker. but that brings me to an ultra awesome idea O_O *drools*
00,10I like this one better
alexxm: u know i like trrains kid died
alexxm: he was called edd
I havent posted 41-46 yet that's all I have since the last update :P
MINETURTLE.
Brohoof to all (\(\(\(\(\:D/)/)/)/)
i heard about that cachi01
*brohoofs rocket_dash* :D
Lawl I still remeber dis. http://cheezburger.com/6391066112#comments You can't eat more than 1 piece becazuse your arteries will probably die.
Rocket_Dash: (\
Does anybody here know where you can upload mIRC scripts with the ctrl+k signs?
damn i miss eddsworld :(
O_O
LOOK OUT HES GOT A NOSE!
Fly Rocket... Fly
cachi01: Same. :(
dis
Pinkie? :
icybeauti: Oh god that was a pain :D
So where's Sumica's sexy voice?
this song goes better with the PMV in my opnion
RaveBrony: I still remeber my older brothers using the cable.
00,10hurts to talk right now
alexxm: Why everything is better with ponies
Jim because
00,10wonder what the range of this thing is
icybeauti: Did you ever use a cable? :D
awww :'(
TMNT :3
Jim: BECAUSE. PONIES.
This song is fitting
^
HI EVERY PONY!!!!!!!!!!! :D
:)
RaveBrony: I was little and I didn't get my own pokemon game until my brother gave me his blue version when I was maybe 5.
brony_boy115 HAY
HI brony_boy115 :)
TO SPAAAAAAAACE!
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/992/
00,10Oh hi panda
icybeauti: Ah, i see :P
:P
Sumica O////o hiya
oh itz panda WASSUP!
panda ohai been a while
^-^
hi panda!!
With the lack of computer, havent been in mane much :(
00,10full burn
panda!
HI!
hi panda!!!!!!!! :)
SUMICA GO STRAIGHT UP
So many pings ^-^
Hiya panda! :)
Panda!!!
INTO SPACE
salutations panda
HEEEEEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
hi panda :)
00,10space is boreing
panda :D
Guys
panda: Because your panda panda :)
00,10and full of kerbals asking to be saved
^
Guys
Hahaha if pings were pennies... i'd have 40 cents xD
lmao
DustyNomad: hmm?
I can probably get away with watching kerbals stream since it has a 1% relevance to my job...
Pings?I think you mean SNoopingas
DustyNomad: what????????????????
hi DustyNomad
sumica try going to the moon
6_9
Oh yea
DustyNomad: WHAT?! :[
ADMINS!!!!!!!!!!
O_o
panda: you counted? OH YOU!
I REQUEST A SONG
what?
YOUR MISSION TO THE MOON WILL BE SUCCESSFUL
NOW
SNIMDA
00,10that is a bad shake
:o
Crono_brony hehehe ^-^
User0 is in that ship right now
Can you name the astronauts?
so is pinkie pie :O
00,10bingo fuel
every ponie mind if i experiment whit the smileys
Stormman3100: I am not a kerbal... and I would run very far away from Sumica if I were...
I REQUEST
THIS SONG
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcPE8BJ8z0E
NOW
User0 xD
IS THAT SHIP TEARING APART?
One does not simply, order the streamer to put on a song
YES I DO
00,10nah sheding the epmty tanks
inb4 kick?
^
^^
Cause I'm snooping as usual I C
That is a good song
:D :o :) :( >:)
yes it is
DustyNomad: omg my favorite FIM song =D
I vote to play it!
^
DustyNomad: i always freaking dance to it AND I NEVER DANCE!
THAT SONG IS A MASTERPIECE
no song :(
User0 I didn't mean it in a bad way :'(
I listened to it for 2 hours straight as I built a cabinet...
SPACE IS WHAT FORMED OUR PLANET AND GALAXY :3
Stormman3100: no offence taken
WOOP WOOP{
dat song
WOOPWOOPWOOPWOOPWOOPWOOPWOOPWOOP
smile :D
sonicandmario85: dafuq
if only I had my violin on me right now...
Whoop??????? Juggalos? O___o
Needs more Rarity Fighting is Magic theme >.>
whoooooooo!!!! PINKIE PIE SONG!!!!!
Screw rawrity
RaveBrony agreed
Chrysalis: get on the regulars skype call
DustyNomad yes i did ;)
Rarity is best pony
^
Yay! Full blast on speakers and windows open! xD
panda-drawing: Oooo, whatcha drawin?
SMILE NOW ALL OF YOU NOW! :[
NO
NEVER
/me smiles
icybeauti: funny way to write pinkie pie
Ponies47: :)
:)
NEVER GONNA SMILE
/me smiles
I CANT SMILE
cachi01: You spelled rarity wrong
:O
But I can laugh :3
/me is always smiling
RaveBrony hehehe kisotchi ko desu :)
Twilight sparke's theme is best theme
I never said rarity I said Rawrity.
Good ponies who smiled :)
panda-drawing: Uhhhhh, ill google that, lol
ponies47::)
Because I rawr :3
hello everypony
00,10haha
00,10a water landing
RaveBrony hehe means classified information ^-^
hai xMLPxREACTORx
ponies47::)
hello xMLPxREACTORx :)
hi xMLPxREACTORx
:)
panda-drawing: Oh, lol
xMLPxREACTORx: What's up?! ^.^
hey xMLPxREACTORx hows your day been
Yay!
Sumica not enough carnage...
BOOM WATERSHOT
XD
nothing much
Inb4 shark eats the ship and game crashes
WATCH MY LITTLE PONY:My first reaction <3 pinkie THEN <3 flutter THEN <3 rarity THEN <3 Applejack NOW <3 everypony but applejack alot more
RaveBrony most common used by asahina from the meloncholy of haruhi suzumiya xD
C?
just tired of people hateing on me for likeing mlp
00,10so yeah that thing I was talking about.
^^^^
panda-drawing: Ill.... goggle that too :D
hello xMLPxREACTORx
panda-drawing: suzumiya haruhi no juutsu :D
RaveBrony good anime ^-^
hello
panda-drawing: Alrighty then :D
i like all the ponies
xMLPxREACTORx: dude haters gonna hate xd
dat end
cachi01 suzumiya-ize all the ponies!
Ohai Pinkkie
LOL
DustyNomad, that's strange. I like Applejack the most. I pretty like all of the Mane 6 except for Rarity.
applejack never appealed to me.
xMLPxREACTORx: I never get hate because I just kinda shrug it off
SMIIIIIIIIIIILE
Snow Ping ass
XD
dat pause xd
my first reaction to MLP (H)
Kandarihu aj is smexiest pony, eh Sumica? ;)
^^
xMLPxREACTORx: Don't worry, bro! We all love you here! So Smile, smile, smile!
:):):):):)
my stream just crapped out, you guys?
thanks guys:)
sumica is the stream still going? im buffering
User0: same lol
I swear, this is the best fanbase of all time.
So whats the best way to take a shirt off with a horrible sunburn on your back?
http://i.imgur.com/VZMYW.jpg
User0: Sumica may have ended the strema
so whats every pony benn up to
Posted 41-48 on the bingo link
stream*
icybeauti hehe ^-^
icybeauti: amen
Well, thanks for streaming.
icybeauti: /)
Yay sumi tankies!
/me nuzzles Sumica.
MegaMoonShine: (\
User0: dat 60's spidey
Sumica ur done? ^-^
twipie ^-^
BUFFERING
cachi01: I've been waiting a while to use that
and the wallpaper
sumica wanna air ballad of the brony? :3 search for it on youtube click the one by saberspark
It does not suck to be you..
You're leaving Sumica? :(
how were your guys 4th of july
00,10indeed panda-drawing
YAY
dat yay
yay
YAY
YAYAYYAYAYAY
YAY YAY :D
xMLPxREACTORx it was meh
cavemen?
*takes picks up filly derpy*:D
wUT IS THAT GUY
what show is this
that pony in the corner is funny
Dat cgi
dat song..... this is............
It looks familiar.
is it that show or another?
HARRY POTTER
Hairy botter
We are now watching: Through the wormhole: with Morgan Freeman :P
early CG, oh boy...
MORGAN FREEMAN?
O.o
SCREW MORGAN FREEMAN
i have derpy :3
GO GORDAN FREEMAN
I think I heard of dis.
TALES OF INTEREST!
O_o
in other words: "Cool stories, bro!"
YAY! Story Time ^_^
The music reminds me of "The last Starfighter"
Yepyep
GHOST TRAIN!!!!!????!??!?!
*gives sumica derpy*
Play Station!?!
Ah, I watched this when I was a kid. That's why I vaguely remembered this but couldn't remember the name.
00,10yup
DAT YAY
DAT YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
I HEARD DAT
Inb4 Sumica's space shuttle crashes on the car and movies over
hai guys
Why you caps so much?
DAT OTHER YAY
RaveBrony: It's not caps. It's royla canterlot voice.
because we yelling
:l
XD
O_O It's O-O!
=_(\
:o
hey O-O hows yoru day been
icybeauti: Yeah :D
hello o-o
Ha, back down to 9 compiletime errors - time for a lunch break
hello to all
O-O HI
Lol
dat kid
wow, i'm now hearing mineturtle on my stream, my stream is SO far behind.
Opa????????
Kid playing in dirt, buy him ponies
is this going to reek of the 90's?
opa
APAA!
opa
what would you do for a kitkat bar lol
Thats a damn nice house
opa!?!
EPA
00,10grandad's got the I just pooed my self look on his face.
EPA
im a kid too since im 9 XD
He hates the house?
He crazy :S
i know he is
i am 17
HMMM...No Sir! I don't like it! :|
Sumica uh... whats being streamed?
I turned 16 yesterday =P
00,10Amazing stories
Dats the problem?
happy late birthday
im scraching my balls right now
Stormman3100 happy late birthday
Happy belated birthday Stormman3100
O_o
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4986/
There's still time for the afterparty!
happy late birthday Stormman3100
O thanks!
sup
So much hate! :[
LOL
DAT HATER
I'm smelling a "respect your elders" aesop.
dang hes a brat
Nice
bratty kid is bratty
happ y birthday
Kids in movies never like change
i know
^
lol
Holy shit
that kid
dat MGS spy
lol
brb
Who ever had a bday, pm me please ^-^
Indians?
i gotta go take a piss
BLOW HIM UP
I would love to live there... damn
My bday was on 15th of june
look at that landscape!
and nobody gave a shit bu8t I got ahts'
black guy in church=holy shit
00,10they want you to move dem apple trees
xMLPxREACTORx: get the fuck out of here that wasnt funny
railroad spike?
Damn, lol
what is this?
I like trains ^_^
Barbetos|Atwork: Amazing Stories
hey guys minecraft is now 1.3
The old guy's in Home Alone. :)
this kid likes trains
ERMEGERD, TRAINS
back
:o
A singal O_O
CACHI MINECRAFT UPDATED TO DAY?
eeyup
time to froce update mah minecraft XD
WEEEEELLL
force*
this is werid
is the update today
sonicandmario85: oh wait no lol
happy birthday
just the fiinal snaphshot
..................................................................
for minecraft
IMA GO NAOE
Now'
Bye
bhye?
what's new in minecraft?
bye
Minecraft has no updates yet
lol so many pings
Dken2021: last snapshot 1.3 released
just pre reaesess
bye

So observent
Ghost train maybe? O_O
:o
Fail
ded
back from the bathroom, and I have no idea what's going on :P
super 8
What's the name of this movie?
toy train XD
icybeauti: story of my life
awwww Lionel Trains :)
One more thing
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9
:D
User0: :D
toystory
dat spam, lol
*emote spam
ponies
i love the emocons here
That was like a dingdongditch or something...
pony_1471: You talking to me? 6_9

I have a Metro North trainline near my house. Here the train pass by every 5 minutes.
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[
00,10dont spam
BRONY STATE
NEEDS
hear*
Hi everypony!
:);):D:P:(:'(:$:O:|:S:[<36_9
A CHATROOM
he was the kid
hai OtakuTom
IN KONGREGATE
inb4 kick?
Hey OtakuTom :)
Dat emospam!!!
so many emote spam
TO THE MOOON!
hey OtakuTom hows your day been
ANOTHER DERPY FACE :o
o_o
Spam spam spam spam LOVELY SPAAAAM! BEAUTIFUL SPAAAAM!
hia OtakuTom
easy on the canterlock voice there guys
hope you find luna there
TO MUCH SPAM! :[
Spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spam spamity spam wonderful spam!
I remember the days of bronystate when you would get kicked for emote spam and all caps.
Lol
spam taste good :3
so the old guys killing himself
ALL CAPS IS ALL CAPS
We could feed a third world country for a month with all of this spam...
Wait...wasn't that man in Home Alone?
caps lock is cruise control for suck
I think I've been on this site for a few months.
RaveBrony: So lay off of to much of :p and CANTORLOCK!
I couldn't quite understand the old man, why did the train fall f the track?
ponies47 hows your day beeen
thanks there Shizu
Da hell?
OtakuTom i believe he was
icybeauti i've been on here since revenge of the nerds
"icybeauti was kicked by Shizuka(haruko@shizuka.kamishima) Reason (You weretold not to spam. That means do not spam.)"
brony_boy115: Godo how about you ?:)
*Good
Lol! :D
If anyone wants to join me on kong chat come to anti-idle:the game chatroom 7
The emote spam looks even more senseless on X-Chat
00,10Lil_B, because when he was a child he was sleeping on the tracks
That was strange...I just sang the spam song...
Dat old man grafitti
Dat Ghost Train
*sings spam song too*XD
what ghost train
13...
Awww yeah ghost train!

Dat Ghost Train!
Yea, emote spam doesn't really come across as well on XChat, since you don't actually get the faces...lol
well pretty well but i just got a mod minecraft called mine little brony
Pshhh, not a golden ticket
Sumica but how did tat make the train cet of its track? as far as I KNOW THE Breaks don't work so fast and hard that a Train would derail
brony_boy115: mine little pony is better IMO
Might have been speaking too fast...
he's got a golden ticket
Drugs!
I still love this OC when it does to monkey dance :)
i got it a well
to=the
00,10the brakeman locked up the wheels
I enjoy Spam. With a side of eggs and toast. Yummy!
THERE EATING HIM
Holy shit storm in ermany
God, the 90's is reeking!
O_o
AND THEN THEY ARE GONNA EAT MER
ME*
Bronysith: Oh Mah GAAAAWD!
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
OMMMMMMMMMMMMMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
brony_boy115 its an allright mod, but it doesnt play well with other mods unless you put it in the jar
EHMAGAWD!
and it really doesnt cope well in mixed mode
i did
What's the name of this movie anyways?
I am gonna go have dinner now, bye dudes :)
Ponies47: Amazing stories.
its a series Ponies47
bye MegaMoonShine
ghost train ponies47
Laterz MegaMoonShine :)
bye MegaMoonShine
brony_boy115: Ghost train is an old black and white film. You can watch it on Youtube :P
whos da pony on the bottum of the csreen? :3
screen*
bottoum*
no this is the new version
Actually, the emote spam doesn't really look all that bad on lightIRC. I wonder if there's something I can do to import the pony icons into X-Chat WDK
sonicandmario85: i think it sumica r63
sonicandmario85 it's an OC
sonicandmario85: guess who's streaming?
yaya
who?
:3
oh noez, somebody save him!
I hope nopony dies in this.
sonicandmario85 Sumica's, but in r63'd
What movie is this?
sonicandmario85: its sumic r63
this is strange
Well, the train won't be touching the boy's room, right?
chugga chugga chugga chugga woowooo! chugga chugga-squish
:O the killler train is on it's way
herro
:o
WAKE UP YOU DOPES!
ALL ABOAAAAAAAAAAARD
Here comes the choo choo train...
There's a long black train coming down the line
I can't help but think of Inception right now..."You're waiting for a train..."
im going off the rails on a crazy train
:D
Feeding off the souls that are lost & crying
:D
Invi right through the boys head! It will make a big hole!
its coming...HAAA
Kid is upset, no sex
<.<
rails of sin, only evil remains
:D
Watch out, Brother, for that long black train
IIIIIIIIIIVUL
Lil_B he wouldn't have a head then anymore ^^
god my sides!
Look to the Heavens, you can look to the sky
how do the parents not hear the train
xD
would you trusr me if i say i am from hell cause i am
Dat Ghost Train!
alexxm: stupid assholes are stupid
You can find redemtion staring back into your eyes
Invi at this moment I thought the boy would still be layng on his toy tracks XD
would you retards get up already
dat fake fall xD
:D
Lil_B i know ^^
APPA
Prepare to be ded
grandpa ded
Holy shit loud thunder
There is protection and theres peace the same
go fourth and die!
LOUDER
Ponies47: yay
Dat fake light :D
Burnin your ticket for that long black train
oh no, aw gon die
:D
*we
icybeauti: louder
that train is gonna break the 4th wall
:)
wow, that was Troll 2 acting right there
that is a serious underreaction
Movie logic: Stand there and say "oh god no"
rain and thunder
Ponies47: Yay
oh god germany is ded
alexxm: No kidding, i damn train is coming his way :D
DustyNomad wat? noo D:
icybeauti: LOOOOOOOOUDER!
thats what she said
o_O
Ponies47: -inhale- ~yay~
*skips a few lines* Don't go riding on that long black train
YES
00,10fake light you said?
ELLO GOV'NOR
Well, damn :D
icybeauti: Good job :)
Train, YAY :)
:D
Please stand behind the yellow line as the train approaches
They HAD to put that house there, DIDN'T they?
GOOD BYE CRUEL WORLD OH SHIT U CANT STOP MY SUICIDE NOO*gets shocked by lightning*
Nice train :)
polar express?
Trollengineer
broken *sunglasses* train of thought?
08,01hehehe
I told you not to build on Hounted grounds :I
didn't see that comming....
green smoke???? 6_9?????????
GOODGUY GHOS TRAIN
Steer clear ofthe closng doors please.
08,012 secs
that man looks pretty much alive to me
Ok :)
bye everypony
Dat Ghost Train!
You to be honest I could drive one of those trains :$
DAWWWW
00,10dat no post
Dat post :D
bye xMLPxREACTORx
INVISIBLE EQD POST
08,01http://imgur.com/5OkrZ
dari-bot, it's been borked
Is Tara trolling us again?
Lol fail prince dari fail
Apparently EQD posted nothing atm :P
Its a Gold member EQD update
00,10nah they borked the eqd name
Dat new eqd post
^ lul
there we go
Not my fail
pony express?
HEAVEN
EQD fail
Pony Express
Bitches
I never fail
:P
That's old. I saw that earlier.
shut up
you pingas
Invi you don't know the pony express?
PRINCE DARI FAIL
inb4 ded
NUUUUUUUU DAAAWWWWW:'(
JUST EPIC FAIL;
Lil_B i know the pony express from FiM :3
100 years? DATS TOO LONG!
oh gosh, my computer's sound is cracking
Well kid, if you wanna live for a hundred years, you better get in shape and stay in shape.
Dat Ghost Train!
00,10ghost engi's be raiding my fridge
There's an engineer on that long black trainMakin' you wonder if the ride is worth the painHe's just a-waitin' on your heart to say"Let me ride on that long black train"
he had to take a train..... TO HEAVEN
Lil_B 100 years too late. it must be Die Bahn mit einer kleinen Versptung :D
Dat Ghost Train!
COFFEE THIEF
Lunch time for the crew! :d
13what are we watching...
Shizuka: amazing stories: ghost train
:D
:P no spaces - my bad
Invi nope, Die Bahn is more expensive XD
13everyone
13vote Das Boot for A
A movie called "When Trains Attack"
13DO IT
they're so calm about this
:o
NUUUU
xD
CALM
CALM UR TITS
Lil_B and more tardy :D
I already placed my votes, Shizu, sorry :P
we broke your house and screwd up your money condition, but we forgive you
Shizuka: If you tell me how :P
DustyNomad: My line!
I train just ran through their house.... and...they arent pissed?
NOPE
what happens if i vote 2 girls 1 cup for A movie and it gets chosen :D
00,10wonder what the insurence guy will think.
....
cachi01: Uhhh.....Empty chatroom?
I'M BLOODY DEAX BRO
cachi01: you get and interesting reaction...
cachi01: it'd be veto'd
THAT WILL HAPPEN'
That went well, lol
Sorry Shizu, I tend not to vote for movies I've never heard of.
Shizuka: aw, I wanted to do Citizen Kane the greatest movie of all time for the A movie :(
00,10I personaly ban that person for even voteing for it
and then they were bums
13you have never heard of das boot...
State Farm, of course!
some ghost train - ghosts are supposed to phase through matter 6_9
xD
13YOU HAVE NEVER HEARD OF DAS BOOT.....
Oooh...I like that idea, Irish_Pony
Dat Ghost Train!
At least Grandpa did what he could to protect the valuables.
Then their insurance didnt cover train attacks
I absolutely LOVE that movie :D
/me 13throws herself off the planet
I like ghost trains
So.. I herd Shizuka is afraid of ducks... :p
Shizu: That's impressive.
EVERYPONY CALM YOUR TITS
Intresting story
Dat Ghost Train!
TECHNOCOLOR
Hey where would I post a request for a movie?
EVERYPONY CALM YOUR PONY BOOBS
00,10guess no one realy liked it.
im irish and i can picture a lepricorn irish pony
shizuka your a girl? :O
it could be cooler
08,01Irish_Pony: this is the classy version
Stormman3100: Sign up for the newsletter.
Oh, they should've taken pictures of the ghost trains. The insurance adjuster would believe them better.
sonicandmario85: slowpoke.jpg
sonicandmario85: how can we since we dont have tits? :P
I came in too late, Sumi. I liked what I saw.
sonicandmario85: you srs?
sonicandmario85: you're*
sonicandmario85 what gave it away?
Dat Ghost Train!
08,01the classy version of my cutiemark is a cornocopia
Anyway, time for food...
13no i am a robot designed to provide a realistic simulation of a silly filly
I always vote "The Seven Samurai" as A Movie, because I'm afraid METROPOLIS is too long XD
00,10So I have heard alot of you want to see who Q is
bye OtakuTom
forgot what I was going to serch....:|
No one has heard of Q?
Shizu: Doing a good job with the obscure movies.
/me 08,01glomps User0
;)
13:<
NO ONE HAS HEARD OF Q?!
13das boot ist not obscure...
O_o
08,01das boot is awesome
bye everypony, i will be back :)
YYYEEEEESSSSSSS
STAR TREK
YYYYYYYYYEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS
STAR TREK
08,01goddamnit, i want to watch the stream
;D
/me throws computer through building
08,01but i have to work
08,01
Pikar is best Star Trek
I love TNG! :)
Dat watermark
inb4 discord
i actually created a robot once and it was a rainbow dash one but it malfunctioned so i had to destroy it its true DX it was horrible
:$
oh you're kidding right
icybeauti: This is a Q episode
OtakuTom|OmNomNom: BUCK YEAH!
I'm downloading star trek right now....
CRUSH KILL DESTROY SWAG!!!!!!
Or at least I'm about 95% sure it is.
Q's german Voiceacter was awesome, to bad he died in 2009 so we won't get him for german discord :(
13borg ep?
00,10toonami? that sounds like a good thing
is the bald guy the voice of discord?
:D
now go f*ck a fruit basket!
sonicandmario85: You'll see him later.
sonicandmario85, eeyup
Lil_B ouch, sad to hear that
I like my ice extra cold!
Needs more Q time
Lil_B: Daw -hugs-
Make it so!
*throws meat at icy*
XD
hey bronies! :)
here it comes...
sonicandmario85: No. :|
hey derpy_pony hows your day been
/me randomly hugs whoever isnt fast enough to get away ^^
can we take geordi la forge's word for it?
Q! :)
o_O
dat nekkid
and god damn I can't watch this. The sound snaps crackles and pops while the stream slice, cuts and skip.
do ya all know what a pegacorn is :)
naked Q
behold our king!
great day, alexxm ^^
thanks Dken2021 and icybeauti :)
your's?
*hugs derpy*:D
What
DEJA q
I'm not even sure what's wrong in my computer
Stertrak
Oh man, he's naked. I think I know what this one is.
JOHN DE LANCIE
WOOOOOOO
Whoopie Goldberg
00,10so much crotch buldge
the captain on the bridge
o_o
Whoopy Goldberg... she needs a Pony
^
hey sonicandmario85 btw :)
That would be AWESOME
I was creaming when john went on stage during bronycon.
What a surprise, Q. :D
screaming
Yup. It IS this episode.
CHOAS
That guy reminds me of the annoying roomate from The Big bang Theory, forgot his name lol
patrick swayze was best captain
Aw yeah Discord! :P
icybeauti: Oh roflmao
spread chaos across the universe ? :)
DISCORD
00,10captan faceplam
Facepalm!
I want the truth! :[
Facsepalm
dat facepalm!
Then again I shouldnt be surprised because Discord's character was inspired by Q, right?
cute
facepalm cD
DAT FACEPALM
THE Facepalm! :O
no one ever turned q to stone
LOL
picard facepalm
facepalm.jpg
xD
Pikar is the Facer of all the glorious facepalms
Father*
The master of the facepalm
his head looks like an egg
Ponies47: so do i :[
:3
00,10warf one liner
Hehe
derpy_pony, compared to what Q normally is, he honestly feels like he's been turned to stone.
Q the /b/tard
Q the discord-bringer
wut an egghead
Q the egghead
brony_boy115: You can't handle the truth! But I still want the truth! :[
you have a point there, Kandarihu
derpy ftw :3
Rofl :D
lmao
Son I'm dissappoint
wut?
what about the sexual stuff?
Dat complaining
welcome to humanism
Q is apprently a teenager
Ponies47: so do i i want the truth now!!!!!! :[
it's like rarity complaining.
BACKFLIP
"Do't touch me Motherfucker and geddout"
no sex drive on the enterprise
Shut uuuuuupppp~~
BUT DAD THAT WAS A FRONTLFIP
Oh damn :D
brony_boy115: Neither of us can handle the truth :$
I DONT CAREEEEE!
derpy_pony: There is now. :D
YOU GUYS WANT TO SEE SOMETHING AWESOME
haha
warf must be so saddent to not win one
YES
Eyup
,=,e <<<<
its is a TURTTLE
hi guys
A TURTTLE
Hiya cow334!
Hey Rainfall_Night :)
Funny how he put humanity on trial for being a grievously savage race but left the Klingons alone.
"Make me"
hai RaveBrony
hey Rainfall_Night hows your day been
Ponies47: :D :D :D :D :D i know right
how are you
dwarf is not convinced
hai Rainfall_Night
O yeah the pony museum. I saw that,
i like ponies
alexxm: just fine
Good, cow334, and you?
hi cow334
brony_boy115: eeeyup :P
/me glomps cow334
:D:D:D:D
humanity always wins....because...white men
awesome RaveBrony hai brony_boy115 How are you doing icybeauti
lawl
,=,e
snip snip
cow334: Good thank you. I'm heading on vacation tomorrow.
icybeauti: really wow that is awesome hope you have a fun time
dat bright.
NUKE
divine light coming in
icybeauti: Have a good time! :)
GilDash: Thank you.
Invi I wanted to write this 10 min ago XD the pony Express was a Chain ow Horse Stations to carry Letters between the east and West of the US before the Telegraf was build crosscontinent
Dafuq
bright = more powerful than the ordinary crew member
Lil_B oh that thing :D
BRB EATIIIIIING
Invi they rode 2950 KM with 6 horseswitches inbetween
LUNA NOOOO
Q doesn't know meditation
Q is awesome
oh hey, I'm banned from 4chan
sumicashould put on space balls XD
O_o
CrimsonPhoenix: too much pony?
Lol!!!
CrimsonPhoenix: Congrats! :)
:D
User0 I guess that's how we can put it
CrimsonPhoenix how does that even happen
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2434/ TACOS!
nowadays they call us the "information nobility"
sonicandmario85: Spaceballs was best B Movie at the bronystate awards this year :P
I was idling in a Rule 34 thread and then I went to scroll some thread and bang forbidden
he should ask about Love... I would redirect him to One night at the roxbury
i popped fire works yesterday
yaay
CrimsonPhoenix: no rule 34 mlp...
yay ^^
Non
lol raritys eating a taco
Fireworks are banned in Wisconsin this year :'(
I suppose I'll keep my 34 info private
Ponies47 how come
Dat face
woah
alexxm: Due to the lack of rain :(
duude
I may loose connection soon, a Storm is above my village
its more wet i summer than winter
Fireworks are illegal in NY too. but we have the big macy's show.
Data made such a cutting ovservation.
Lil_B: Wisconsin could really use that right now :(
Lyra talk.
I played violin last night until I went to bed....
Lightning storm coming in here. I love them. Tempted to stroll in the heavy summer rain.
i can also set off fireworks by using the sun
ITS TRUE BRO
Ponies47 is the middle US?
Daftpunk!
Lil_B: Midwestern United States
egghead conference
Lawl
i can use a magnifine glass and reflect the sun on the fuse and it will set it off
lol
ouch
it will smoke and light the fuse
WOW where can i get me some of dem shade
celestial....
shades
celstial
trolestial
what else?
Higgs boson!
Yesterday in the middle of the afternoon, my mom was out gardening, and it just started pouring all of a sudden.
a medic ^^
*hugs derpy again* :3
haha
/me hugs back
This is so funny!
shhhh
,=,e
noob
it is watching
casual human
Noob at humanity lol
Me
?
Q
Wanna know what humans eat? Ask Robot... Logic
I ove that guy
love**
humans eat pizza
XD
"Oh Q" :D
Ch CO LATE!
I love chocolate.
chocolat
e
Ten.
10
10 xD
dat weight gain.
Noob at mortality. If he HAD chosen to be a Romulan, he'd go through this whole deal on Romulas (sp?)
Q... This is why I love you. :D
dat diabeetus...
WHOOPI!!!
GilDash: Exactly
mystic lama herder
someone fart
Hes gonna get Ass Whoopen... Ass Whoppen Goldberg
/me puts gas mask on
2005 thats a year
*derpy notices i secretly love her*
WHOOPIE
derp
Stab.
LOL
xD
dangerouse creature
she has needles
too weak to utilize the ship properly
eeyup
she looks so young in that.....
I want to correct my sentence from 3 min agoa from robot to Andraoid
Well, it IS pitiful to survive on the charity of others.
my mouth is even more soar
plasma tends to be energetic...
Life form buffer.
hasn't done his nutrient and hormone research
00,10Kinda by definition even Kandarihu
mmmmmm
opioids
derpy i....i love you
oh nooooo Q
im back. did i miss johns appearance?
what? Calamari?
cachi01: You just missed a lot of discord.
hm...ok, sonicandmario85 ^^
cachi01 no, hes pretty much in every seco0nd scene
icybeauti: AAAAAAAAAAAW COME ON :(
20% + 20% + ...
no dont help him its a trap!
User0: they must like rainbow dash
BACKFLIP Son:BUT DAD THAT WAS A FRONTFLIP! Me:I DONT CAREEEE!!
twilight_sprinkle: I know...
oh Calamarey...
eeyup
User0 do you know what a pegacorn is
Friendship!
Korn \m/
icybeauti: Korn! \m/
no its what luna and celastia is
icybeauti: Buck yeah!
brony_boy115: slapping together pegasus and unicorn?
Yeah Q welcome to the ship!
killerpony7733: You like Korn too?! Awesome! :D
eeyup
Is that... is that Disqord?
User0 eeyup
IT IS@
hes pretty sure
Stallion_of_War: Yes sir!
GilDash: I do not listen to them all the time but i like their music :)
killerpony7733: Sweet. Korn was one of the very first bands I got into. :)
brony_boy115: see: alicorn
I'm still here. I'm just doing other stuff :P
me too
eeyuYser0p
NERD!
killerpony7733: What's your favorite song from them? Mine probably thoguhtless.
i mean user0 eeyup
I just came in, oh yeah it's Star Treck. Need to get something to eat.
icybeauti: Never actually thought about it so can't comment on that
brony_boy115: slightly random, no offence
killerpony7733: I know, all the songs kick ass. A lot of people are ahting on them for the new stuff though.
I thougt i got some message or something when the sound effect came.
icybeauti: which band r u talking about?
icybeauti: Kinda like how people hate linkin parks newer songs
User0: i know but i dident know what it was
cachi01: Korn
LINKIN PARK IS AWESOME WHO DAFUQ SAYS IT SUCKS
killerpony7733: Dont be foolish..... :P
icybeauti: oh korn well im not a big fan but they are good
*Pokerface*
cachi01: anyone with taste.
cachi01 i perfer the older stufe
MasterBoss43: Say what now? :D
If you don't help us, we're all bucked, especially the ponies on the west coast, they're ultra-bucked.
brony_boy115: no offence, but kinda a simple question...
killerpony7733: Eh... I must confess, I'm with the old LP crowd.
FIELD OUTPUT
Meanwhile: You don't understand.
alexxm: hybrid theory meteora and minutes to midnight were good
Q experiences incompetence
Hai, Good afternoon everyone
Allo TheGreatAndPowerfulT.
GilDash: Very much the same, Though i respect linkin park for branching out how they want
User0: non taken :)
killerpony7733: Forgot X)
Meanwhile: hybrid theory meteora and minutes to midnight are good!
x)*
hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT hows your day been
That's right Mister!
cachi01: oh yeah, those albums were great
Mister Master'
alexxm Good and yours ?
killerpony7733: Oh, I do too. Doesn't mean I don't yearn for their old style though. :D
The old LP was better, but the new album is still pretty good
they starting being bad since a thousand suns
i'm good TheGreatAndPowerfulT
MasterBoss43: We like the Mister Master?
GilDash: I whole heartly agree :P
Stallion_of_War: Wait what?
MasterBoss43: Doctor Who
Q's all - "Look at all the bucks I give:
cachi01: when was that
Stallion_of_War: Aaaah.... Don't know wth you are talking about lol, but i've seen Doctor Who....
im eating some smoked chicken right now xD
Q nuuuu
And Doctor Whooves/Whoofes
twilight_sprinkle: since they released a thousand suns
twilight_sprinkle: i think 1 year ago
*Whoof*
cachi01: no i mean when was the ablum
whos hurting Q
cachi01: k
MasterBoss43: It's spelled with the V
Mare's and GentleColts
i didnt liked a thousand suns
parkour roll!
atention please
what?
icybeauti: Doctor Whoof* I've checked it.
I'm back, and with july 4th leftovers, but sadly no chicken :(
no scootaloo? :(
But i gotta get something to eat x)
MasterBoss43: Yea, that sounds better.
i am making a server on minecraft dedicated to brony
s
bronies#
brony_boy115: theres already one lol
he's a main character he'll live
brony_boy115: OK, message me the IP then
brony_boy115: there are a lot of others as well
im making it
brony_boy115: and its a replica of equestria
yes he is
But right now i got cracked, so is it at cracked mode?
wooooooooo what ip
Q regenerates into Discord
he's too awesome to get kicked out.
brony make it offline mode
so i can join too
brony_boy115: brohoof.com and ponycraft
because i have cracked minecraft
Q acts like discord too
Discord acts like Q.
brony_boy115: Online mode : false. Dont use the dot it was just to me to say dont use true
brony_boy115 theres both a survival and a creative server on a dedicated host
DON'T LEAVE US Q NOOO!
ok
Well i have a server, but it isn't 24/7 and it is hamachi, i am going to make it whitelist only soon thou.
Discord IS Q lol
no doubt about that
Dat Tea... Eral Grey
MasterBoss43 dont need to make it whitelist, just use a permissions sistem
system*
Earl*
then people can look but not change
Chrysalis I can use bukket but i think i am only doing that if i get a little more famous, lol.
a Bukkit server has a really nice permissions addon
Hi everypony
dat moment.
i know
hi Midnight_Splendor!
hey Midnight_Splendor
Heya Midnight_Splendor
and i say heyyeyeyeyeyeyey
I hate that i can't link my youtube if it is livestream, can i get permission to tell it now?
discord should get another episode...there is room for much more character depth
its the main thing protecting 300mb of creative builds
hi Midnight_Splender
Dear celestia is this TNG?
cachi01: Stuck in my head now lol
lol
Midnight_Splendor why yes
Why are all the shuttles made out of Gellet razors and blocks of wood?
Q died for our Sins
because budget
Q is a badass
Q! Nooo! :O
Lil_B: LOL
Well, Q's just being suicidal
lawl
I want to adopt Q now
Q!!11!
he dieds
Well i am going to get something to eat, brb everypony.
why Q why BHOO HOO :(
-spike no- Q!!!!
Calamari?
perfectly good shuttle
the shields are buffering
Why don't tractor beams plow stuff?
WHY Q WHY
oh look, it's Q
they probably build them in the replicator....they waste them away all the time
Q. And Q.
QQ
Short for Q.
MIND FREEZE!!!
older brother?
hey its Q and Q and Q and Q and Q and Q
Pfft.
I put Q&&Q&Q&Q&Q&Q
shit happens
INB4 Distress Call
but
I put Q&Q, as the original.
This just comfirmed Discord x Discord
Beam you up back.
HUZZAH THE DISCORD HAS BEEN DOUBLED!
Stop talking about Discord, eggheads.
,=,e
i cant understand why everyoone wants a mane pony x pony episode. i dont want mah g4 to be g2
Just put Q and Q together and you will get it
Q + Q = Q.
MasterBoss43, Q is played by John de Lancie who voices Discord.
stop qqing
Ok. I'm back. Also the chat derped. I just had to do somthings :P
yes
cool powers!
Kandarihu Oooh, i didn't know sorry.
My little...Friends...
Dat head.
Discord Voice ;D
oh boy
My litte Friends...... COINCIDENCE
I love Q so much. :D
lol
will not happen, cachi01. limits the future character developments option too much
00,10love this bit
epic q
;(
nope
ohai jon
Mexican party!
god, I'm starting this series when I get back from vacation!
;)
LOL!
And then Mariachi
LOL
the best bit i'm in time for it
Thats Q alright :D
XD
dat mariachi xd
LOLege
da fuq!? xD
XD
Turning the bridge upside down.
yay
DEM
MO
PPPPPPPFFFFFFFFFFTTTTTTTT AHAHAHA
Picard is disappoint.
Q is best troll. :D
Q, the aliighty troll
CHACHA
Q and Q... Q ... we need another Q and we will be Q-bic... get it?
i still dont get how they keep straight faces in this
I just can't stay angry at Q he is just so loveable.
Like a boss.
needs more backflips...
00,10grew the beard joke
Lil_B, lol
beard
Riker doesn't need fake women! Riker has real women!
Like a Word.
Q!
worf - foreveralone.jpg
Warf's pissed now. :D
He liked it
lol
Warf's all like ... buck...
welcome to the herd!
His name is Word
Incoming best moment ever.
Er, his name if Worf
He loves causing chaose
uuuhhhg
trolling humans
LAWL
typos
lol
Dat emotions
DAT LOL
XD
:D
lol
lol.
he discoverd the interwebz
dafuq
Pfftahahaha
xddddddd
HA HA HA ... HA HA HA... AH AH AH.. I dont get it...
xD
Ahaha XD
virus alert!
Dat laugh! :d
XD
lol
:D
XXXXXXXXXDDDDDDDDDD
This gets used in the recuts a lot.
Idk.
lmfao
:D
LOL
he will always remember
so thats where pinkies happiness went
i do not know
Geordi! You're wearing a hair clip on your face! LOLOLOLOLOLO
i do not know
egghead!
the moon!
luna is normal again
Q did it
perfectly circular orbit
seems legit
Good guy Q.
Meanwhile: new meme has been born...
because gravity TOTALLY makes circular orbits...
eeyup
you are now aware that this show is 20 years old
I like Q
Stallion_of_War: Screw gravity. Q.
smoke it
Om who doesn't
Lawl
he send him cancer!
:D
Lol
It's not over till the fat lady sings
Q is best pony! :)
And all it took was changing the laws of physics throughout the universe. I wonder how many problems throughout the universe this caused.
Gimme dat cigar
That was really awesome!
inb4 fatr lady singing
You know that Bronystate is my new life, and there is a buffah....lo....
Oh, fat lady singing - that's my cue...
WTF
I love this. :D
ew what
lol
Song time.
wat
I love this clip XD
Yaaay.
('cept I'm a guy, and I'm very much not fat...
)
whut the bucking hell
What is this
He's gay, couse i am a guy.
:D
I think it's some blooper
ohh, so this is where the "yes" comes from
oh my god
:D
what did i walk into
what has Q done
:D
is this the fat lady singing?
Picard's Birthday gift to Gene Roddenberry. :)
he never had a chance to sing in this show :(
User0: I'm not sure
GilDash: oh my god, thats real?!
Sylandest: yeah.
GilDash: oh my god!
:D
What was the context of this anyway?
/me falls off his bed laughing
Q...Q?!
/me hugs User0
And then perfectly straight face.
that just happened
back to normal
Lol
Meanwhile: The life of a actor
I said he was gay! XDXD
dat greatness
chronically underchallenged people
Patrick Stewart is best pony.
Sir Patrick Stewart. You are a legend.
half his paycheck is that straight face
Okay. That's one elaborately named Starbase.
Dat horrible audio.
the "Why" Question didn't get answered
He probably lost it moments after
Oh yeah family guy parody! XD
no
:D
that's wrong...just wrong
dat terrible audio
get humor like data
Flaming Monkeys? O_O
Oh yes
lets watch cupcakes!.
o.O
Oh no... :D
yes
smile
da hell....
Devonx25: DON'T YOU EVER SPEAK OF THAT EVER AGIAN! :[
i think streamer has a mancrush
/me on the Enterprise...
y?.
00,10Devonx25 i have told you before, never
dat captain Beavis picard
,=,e
The Picard song = epic win.
-.-
What if Jean Luc Picard were to voice a character in S3?
Devonx25: That would probably be less disturbing than Picard's Alphabet
Devonx25: *Facehoofs* Did you read the rules?
Kandarihu: ALL of the want.
well i like it and ill watch it by myself.
00,10that's nice
It's really quite hypnotic
lol
Its the bald head
Devonx25: Go read the rules please so you don't get in trouble :)
goodbye everypony!.
Quite Naughty.... XD
Q
bye Devonx25
o_O
Later Dev........
when did picard and Q have a thing
Sumica do you own all of the episodes of Star Trek Next Gen? lol
Look I'm a creeper from mine craft
:<
00,10eyup
make is so
dat yay
...
Guys.
RAWRity.
I swear someone linked me a song on youtube ages ago with one of the old Who Doctors
wiw lol
But I can't remember what it was
wow*
I loved this episode XD
I think the whole "Brony" thing may have gone too far.
00,10I bet it was good too
RAWRity: why?
Borg.jpg
Because this: http://www.indiegogo.com/Equestria
RAWRity: WTF OMG MAN THAT WAS MY DREAM
/me has a secret weapon; it's Neal Armstrong's foot.
RAWRity: Hoyl hell....
RAWRity: Well...
o_o im scared
Wait
RAWRity: TO BUILD A PLACE WHERE BRONIES COUL LIVE IN PEACE MAN
Soemone is genuinely trying to do that
FUCK YES
Oh dear God.
well, RAWRity that looks more like a scam to me...
RAWRity: Mother of god....
There are four lights. :I
/me dat 1984 reference
RAWRity, yeah. That's going too far.
somebody wants to raise 600,000 USD to buy an island and name it "Equestria" and build a god damn monument to Celestia.
thats one long song...
Yea...THAT fan has gone too far, and I smell a scam, like Lil_B
00,10do what/
RAWRity: not surprised at all...
Sumica: http://www.indiegogo.com/Equestria
this island thing looks interesting
00,10streaming why not just discribe.
Sumica:
RAWRity: Ill admit, thats a bit Much
Jean Luc with breasts... O_o
he aint responding
good god i want more money to give to that island
Ohai Vacation_Wrek :)
at the moment, the only island we could afford were a barren rock in an inhospitable climate zone
RAWRity that looks like a complete scam to me
sweet
OtakuTom to be honset, I was escaping someone scamming a Community with that kind of openness and kindness for a long time :(
Indeed.
too much star trek
Not enough Star Trek.
too much
MOAR STAR TREK!
Not enough.
Spandex ftw!!!
00,10oki wrek
oh, thats a q episode too!
ok ok u win hahahaha :D
about the island..... WHY THE FUCK NO?
ohai Vacation_Wrek
i will donate
same here
i know but brony could live there
Hmm. Season 3 finale. . . .Cliffhanger: two-parter leading into Season 4, wherein Queen Chrysalis teams up with the Nightmare in order to bring back Discord?
Why would yuou not want the island?!
600k is a lot... but making an island...
00,10oh I see
a full on island
EspyLacopa: sounds awful.
with monuments and buildings
00,10they want to set up an island
Im pretty sure its fake lol
00,10lolnope
this needs to be on EQD
Sumica: Ikr? :D
This needs to be in a ditch.
inb4 they sue the island
yay
EspyLacopa nope, end of season 3, Chrysalis gets send to the moon, beginning season 4, Nightmare Chrysalis comes from the moon to conquer the world
oh yeah i forgot about hasbro XD
and now a loot of foals in mane will give money to that "found rising"
There should be a law making cute women wear spandex in public.
Sumica: actually the want to BUY a pre-existing island, and built a monument (or several) to Celestia
cachi01: I would to if Sweden used dollars.... q.q
00,10why not buy one of the manufacured islands in dubai if you are gonna go that far.
Chrysalis: Omg!! Thats sooo true :D
RAWRity: -lol move away from the depression of this eye sore of a placeaway from the festering hate pit ive built here out of all the transgressing rage that has come into my life over the long period of time i've been marooned in this sea of ignorance...
Eeyup.
Needs more Universal Studios MLP section of park :D
RAWRity: your damn right I would fund that island.
they can't make "pony" a protected trademark
Wait, isn't the season 3 first episode the origin of the elements of harmony?
yayayaayyayay i can hear it in the background
Picard has some SWAG
Start of Season 3. . .Discord becomes the first recurring villain who makes it his mission to just mess with the elements throughout season 3?
GAWS
icybeauti: Who knows.
derpy_pony, maybe not. But they can make Princess Celestia a trademark.
icybeauti because pony is the name of a species
dat namr
Oooo, star trek episode with Q?
derpy_pony: You are qpid
EspyLacopa yes
(see it as stupid)
00,10Q eps are easy to find.
wut?
why?
BRB
inb4 FlareChaser sells kidney to buy this: http://www.ebay.com/itm/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=110908009118#ht_500wt_1287
This has put me in the mood for both Stargate SG1 and Babylon 5.
00,10they almost all have a pun
Fun*
Dr Dr Dr Beverly
At least it isn't Vash the Stampede..
He'd do a LOT of voicework if he were to have a recurring role throughout the season.
00,10both I have FairysHuff
Lady Vashj.
Sumica YAY! Could we watch some? ^_^
RAWRity: I'll sell both of mine
no. yes
es
accidentally closed the windows :P
No. YES.
:I
hes lost ALL the swag
00,10might be up for SG1
We dont watch Babylon 5 in this apartment
=p
Why not by Castle Neuschwanstein and remoddle it into Canterlot :/
Mica, you streaming SG1?
buy*
00,10aye
<3
HIYA everypony
all my wubs
lali-ho Bronysith
hey Bronysith hows your day been
Sumica I have watched almost every episodes of Stargate SG1....
ey Bronysith
Sumica I think the famous episode of Babylon 5 when they are under attack and are saved by Delenn should hook everyone here. ^_^
hi Bronysith :)
Captain Awk Ward Picard.
MasterBoss43 i have tattoos of gate addresses from the show...
I liked the episode of SG1 where Macguyver was trapped in a glacier.
whats SG1
EspyLacopa i like the outtakes from that episode :P
00,10oh the" only one man has won aganced the mimbari"
Hence Macguyver, Chrysalis.
Chrysalis, Oki doki loki?....... I know what you wrote but that was kinda cool. Kinda.
"I was referring to my beard"
00,10"he is behind me, you are infront of me"
Riker has an award for playboyism.
00,10Doc blocked
I am getting a Triforce (<-- Triforce Triangel from The Legend of Zelda) tattoo.
Dohoho.
I can't wait until I turn 18. I have a good amoutn of tattoo plans.
Newfoals can't Triforce.
MasterBoss43 make sure a newfag doesn't tattoo it on you
Sumica I LOVE that speech. Gives me shivers
Meanwhile: That's exactly what I was thinking
/me noms on Meanwhile s head
Dken2012 Thanks for remembering me!
my first is going to be a "cutie mark" tattoo
MasterBoss43 and you are?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PdY3L-JYzk <-- Chrysalis.
Dat chair.
nah jk, course I know you MasterBoss43
Oooh....
?
why you insane Ponies47_Insane ?
00,10Go to vegas, get drunk, get ink, get 1milion views on youtube of you shaking your ass in trafic.
oh yeah
LOVE that outtake
lol
Dken2012 OK, i was actually going to say i am using my username lol.
What happens in Vegas stays on youtube.
dang
Lil_B: Diffrent chat room :P
His look towards the camera sold it.
oh XD
Meanwhile: so true.
The triforce is also used in the That Metal Show logo
definately
Sumica What happens in vegas, stays on youtube :D
Sumica: then become pony VA and get a song dedicated to your badonkadonk
she was probably planning that one for weeks
Lil_B: RPing in anthor chat so don't worry :)
00,10exactly
Ponies47_Insane sry, I'm not in the other chat when something good is one the stream, I like making a loot of bad Puns and jokes :)
wait that actually happened?
00,10dat warf
Dken2021: the badonkadonk thing happened.
What time do they open?
Lil_B: ah
Dat Guy is forever alone
,=,e <<<
Is not happy
Underpny made song that's literally titled, Tara Strong's Badonkadonk
I like Worf for a wing-man
badonkadonk HAAAA
Sumica I'm forgetting my Bab5 episodes. The episode with Delenns famous speach and the one where Earth Attacks Bab5 are the same one right?
Hey.
Ooh sorry, i was testing something
and then q
00,10yeh
bad time for jon
Give Q a hug.
/me hugs Q
.
/me glomps Q
inb4 equestrian teleportation
Get outta my chair.
"Say something!" "GET OUT OF MY CHAIR!"
gotta love them Q powers
Seems legit that he is doing the voice of Discord.
00,10whats a trip is he has more hair now then he did when on trek
my headset is vibrating just from the background sounds...
I hope discord comes back next season
/me is away: I'm off doing other things; most likely sleeping or eating.
Ikr Sumica.
seeya Gunny, enjoy whatever you'e doing
/me is gay for john de lancies voice
icybeauti he is
Bronysith EVERYONE is
alexxm: EHMAGAWD FOR REALS?
Bronysith: sadly, I am too...
Bronysith: Isn't everyone? :D
I'm not
Q, get your boots off the couch!
I'm pansexual for his voice.
icybeauti john de lancie said he was voicing in season 3
lol
spam of everyone gay for his voice
GilDash: Indeed :D
lets see
alexxm: -screams and breaks glass0-
you are eating my Sesame Cake Q!
I am gay for. Tennant, eccleston, spitfire, braeburn, john de lancies voice
the way riker says Q
00,10he wants to do somthing nice " I warn the crew"
OOOOH
Ha, I can say I love the voices because I'm a girl :)
Be warned crew, Q wants to do something nice.
and dat jacket from spirits within, right Chrysalis ?
shining armor's voice was also awesome.
Meanwhile: RUNNNNNNNNN
oh god that jacket
so
icybeauti also the voice of braeburn
imagine ecclestone, with that jacket and jons voice
Dken2021: Ah
/me is gay for tennant, eccleston, spitfire, braeburn, john de lancies voice and the jacket from spirits withink
Chrysalis: ... *pomf
hahahaaaaa
Chrysalis: the weird part is that im a unicorn
erm... right...
00,10I just watched the appleloosa ep today on hub.
Bronysith I am a Allicorn :P
Captain_MasterBoss43: how creative
I'm an alicorn too.
/me nuzzles Sumica.
00,10lol hi User0
She's a female Indiana Jones?
im a pegasus ause alicorns is for someone who is part of the royal family
im a unicorn cause magic
is she a discorded daring do?
/me Knows that User0 is meaning Poke.
00,10I'am not an actor but I play one on TV
dat spying
Q sighted!
Sumica: dafuq?
wb FlareChaser
She's more like a female Locke
oh dear, here comes Q
Ceiling Q is watching you clop.
I'm a timberwolf anyone else a timberwolf or is it just me?
I exist, that's about it...
You know that Bronystate is my new life, and there is a buffah....lo....
Q be creeping
hey. i just realized whats going on right now... TEAM DEATHMATCH
lol
I wish Q would visit me while sleeping...
it would've been better if he appeared in the bed
pony_3854: Eyup
Sumica What character in what serie?!?!?!
00,10Q has no sence of personal apce
pony_3854: Too obvious.
Sumica: Personal apes?
:P
00,10space*
Rape!
/me body is ready for Q
RAPE!
00,10that's a scary thought
ewwww
Niiiice.
Q is best troll pony.
But he'd still have the same voice
RAAAAAPE!
dat love denial
dari: Oh god.
so Q wants picard
00,10oh lawl dari
/me drolls at imagining Q as a female.
User0 thanks for telling me about allicorns
I'm drooling at him now...
YES.
brony_boy115: no prob...?
00,10would be all omg hothothothot then deep baratone voice.
^ XD
it's like the applejack thing
User0: your welcome
Mystery.
00,10lol hat
HAAA
Robin Hood.
Uh oh, Q is trolling.
TROLOLOLOLO
00,10Q's playing tf2
dat trolling
god, i love this
take these off?
Lol mica xD
Q wants to play a game
Data is Friar Tuck?
Q is the Star Trek version of Dari.
/me sits ontop of Sumica
TURKEY LEG
moar mystery now (hes blind can he not notice that)
So much trolling....
Now play Robin Hood.
terrific
Robin Hood
and then we go RPG!
robin hood
00,10picard's even got the gotiee
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Q is a larper
D&D, shit just got real!
I CALL WARRIOR
nottingham!
hai Bronysith
England. :D
Q fufills the fantasies of anyone who hates being forced into boring meetings.
I live only a few minutes from there!
i call robin
lol
PATRICK STEWART WITH A BEARD your argument is now invalid
I am not a merry man
00,10"I am not a merry man!"
XD
Worf is a merry man!
Word is an unmerry Klingon.
Worf*
dat chaos
Worf is very unmerry
Lawl
KLINGON BLADE
kill him now you weirdos
Demacia!
Poor Worf. Does he ever win fights?
The second a guy with a sword shows up Worf is like RAAAAAAAAA
one problem with this is worf still looks like worf.
00,10clasic warf curb stomp
not very discreet
Trooooolling Worf... is easy 'cause he's trollable.
Wow the beginning of storm tropper training.
warf warf warf warfedy warf warf
Lawl
there is a freaking tekken movie??????
Pony.
Ahahahaha
dat sexy...
PONY!
cachi01 there are 3 Tekken Movies
cachi01 you mean you didn't know? especially the eyebrows?
MY LITTLE FRIENDS, A PONY COINCIDENCE?
OOOH GABEN thats whom i am also gay for
Dken2021: Lil_B nope i didnt knew
o.o
Biglaw: It says 404
Biglaw: dat 404
I derped, double linked
00,10yes that's right they knew back in the late 80's that he would play a voice on Mlp fim
lol
ha
Sumica: obviously [/sarcasm]
Murica
Dat murica
Worf rug.
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRFFFFFFFFFFFF!!!!!!!
00,10that horse looks bored
yay
apparently the star trek writers can see into the future
^
Dken2021: not surprised...
blood
yummy
*HORSE YAWN!!!*
YAWN! :p
Dat nipple.......
Leeches!
leche...Why does that sound fimiliar....
not surprise really, they did predict ipods and ear piece radios
Leeches. Yaaaaaay.
Yum!
leeches yum
gayspoon
Medicinal leeches!
00,10ker-slap
/me leaches Sumica
Bam
bitch slap
She should have used an iron gauntlet for that slap.
I think that's a no
Well, this show didn't predict the technology as much as it inspired them.
bro slap
rejected
execution!
00,10Sex or death
LOL
MOLESTIA
Hump or Death?
LOL
lol
Lawl
The whole point of Star Trek is to paing a utopian future, devoid of the social ills of the time of it's production.
can't I choose cake?
AIDS or DEATH
That'll do it.
LOL
I HATE THE LUTE
Worf hates bad music.
RAGE
Jordi, just no
er, portraying a utopian future.
dat aim
EspyLacopa: sick him at that one stupid kid who is famous today
worf smash
Fail
lmao
data: 0 bucks given
fail
I fixed it for you
hit him with a warf slap
Annoying arrow
no
inb4 joke
he used to be a functional robot
/me grabs cachi01 s cubes
cachi01 dont you dare
This just got personal.
brb
xDD
xD
/me squeezes on cachi01
he's still functional so the joke doesn't work
hit him in the balls and it starts gettig annoying
I expect you Bronies to follow me.
:P
but then he took an arrow to the knee
Dat grinding wheel.
i do
I finished it haha
/me is back (gone 00:16:16)
/me crushes EggWhite s cubes
welcome back Gunny
EggWhite: i was going to say to the main processor
O thanks Dken2021 ^^
Q does not approve.
buffer?
dat Kandarihu.
Or my internet?
does q approve of meanwhile stache?
i do not wish to know what is happening right now
00,10Sir gai
Sir Gay
Huehuehuehue
^
Sir Guy
00,10dohohoho that slaps me silly
Sergai? SERGAI
I want a grilled cheese sandwich. with icing
/me in Soviet Russia.
lol... these funny medeval times, they amuse me so with their sourcery, witchcraft and inquisition
Meanwhile: ha
00,10is't he one of the scoccer guys?
Q is not impressed
what does it mean to be a brony you lot
alexxm: no i am not
Sir Guy. So named because his parents predicted that he would be such a great video game protagonist that he'll just wanna be the guy.
Dat compare the market.
Q: hi Bronysith
I think they need a few more candles...
im going off to sleep baiii :)
Sumica Soccer guys*
rest well valoreins|Resting
/me glomps SuperBrony64
:D
Buddy Guy > Sir Guy
11,02O.O
Excellent one if we rub.
run*
/me nuzzles SuperBrony64.
/me hugs Bronysith back :3
Back :)
/me huggles User0 back :3
/me eats SuperBrony64 while saying hi to him
Hi, SuperBrony64
/me is eaten O.O;;
00,10dat front stab
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5144/
Lawl
dat time
00,10never trust dem medival hoes
betrayall
to the dungeon. 13 years. no trial.
/me gives SuperBrony64 a durian the size of the sun.
Sumica: wenches*
Sumica: wench
Captain_MasterBoss43: do you think this life as a brony is sweet
brony_boy115: Yes!
brony_boy115: Totally
The great and powerfull Master Boss aproves.
Q is impressed
00,10it's dark, I am tired, I have gas, ect ect
"THIS is whining"
Sumica: time of month
hiya everypony, what are we watching?
SirGanjalf: hi and star trek TNG
allo SirGanjalf, this is star trek
SirGanjalf Starteck
hey SirGanjalf we're watching star trek hows your day been
SirGanjalf: Discord, the early days. But it's called star trek
Star treck*
Hey SirGanjalf :)
WONDERFUL
Sir Guile
Hi dudes, I see we're watching star trek :)
Oh damn
00,10this is just discord in our world.
A double header?
me when i hear john de lancies voice http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1587/
Captain_MasterBoss43: that line was very cheasy like pinky's wedding planing
EspyLacopa: DO HO HO
MegaMoonShine: Eeyup :)
thx guys, and :D icybeauti
00,10double be headder
Bronysith: Lawl.
Bronysith: Indeed
inb4 the execution has been doubled
:D
Bronysith: I'm at work - luckily nobody was looking
yknow none of this would've happened if jean luc was just nice to Q
brony_boy the great and powerfull line? And it is Pinkie.
TRADER!
Traitor*
I killed the chat :(
Dat crew.
SPY!
=_(\
:o
THE BLOCK!
I...
not a spie
00,10this is where the dragon shows up and saves them right?
Yes!
<3
/me puts Meanwhile s moustache on the block
Und dann Alduin.
Sumica Worf knows Dragon Shouts you know
hax
no i like MLP!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SCREW FOX NEWS
00,10fush ro boooooom
one of them is dragon born
inb4 fire
Spy sappin mah sentry!
KA BOOOOOOM!
cachi01 its worf
much more tense than skyrim
Sumica, In skyrim yes.
and better
good god, its hoooot
PAWNCH
101
no spy here
Bodyslam a guy with his weapon drawn?... guys got balls
Do you like mah sword sword
The Enterprise crew are surprisingly effective with swords.
RaveBrony: of steel
^
brony_boy115, Fox News is mostly ambivalent to MLP. The only hate came from a watershed hour comedy show.
00,10he had somthing on his face, she knows she's a doctor
13referring to red eye?
Eeyup
she playing ddr http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3189/
Well, Worf uses a bat'leth. He should be better... the rest, yeah.
Meanwhile, Q eats chicken.
00,10this is where picard says he's right handed
EspyLacopa: Does he now?
My name is Intego Montoja, you killed my father, prepare to die
13i liked red eye, would find eps on hulu for a month or two before moving on
well screw who ever started the hatered for bronys
Q is amused by your fights
lol Sumica.
13andy levy's bits at halftime are the best :3
and then nothing sexual happened
00,10slowclap.avi
Dat small dramatic kiss
Slow clap processor engaged.
brony_boy115: society?
sorry picard but our princess is in another castle!!!
no a website started it 4chan started it
cachi01: Lol :D
hmm
I wonder
pie time
wuh oh
dun dun dun
:O
inb4 poof
i need cookie dough
o.o
brony_boy115: 4chan started the fandom for this show
I think I will bake cookies in the car tommorow
00,10still around Dari?
No, it started with Amid.
Yep
Well, for almost 20 years, My Little Pony really WAS a franchise that was meant exclusively for young girls. As of Generation 4, that has changed and we've come to understand that. But not everyone understands that.
yeah but they didnt got kicked like us
Went to get something to eat for a minute
stream down?
no check the reveiw of it by saberpony
we were even more powerful than 4chan
What a Care Bear ;)
Lil_B nope
00,10got a video for you next Dari
or somet
Lil_B: Try refreshing
USER0
Jealous boyfriend!
Qwned
TheKoreanBrony1354: WHAT?
oooh, burned
Lol!!
AND DAMN SEXY
pervert Q
00,10Q be macking on your woman
so shes Qs wife
"fun"
Chrysalis MegaMoonShine ok, my Connection got a hickup :/ for the first time today appearently

"Fun"
Epic
why is he describing me???????????
iam going to the next bronycon
if im a hated here vote for me to be fo the call
"places no other woman ever seen"
They are going to Equestria next!
:o
QUICK, PUNCH HER IN THE FACE
Is anyone old enough as a brony to remeber the 4chan days?
no ponyville
Yeah, Q vanishing means he can't see, totally
alexxm actually, Q already has a wife, but thats in Startrek Voyager i think
brony_boy115, I don't hate you.
COCKBLOCK!
:D
00,10I bet Q knows every sexual move.
PAWNCH
Q... :D
Q
Sumica: he makes his own
Lil_B ah right so how does she fit into it then
HEllo all
Hothothothothothothothothothot
gotta love Q
Sumica and done them all, at once, with a single woman
PINKIEEEEE
:)
lali-ho Vampire_Mistress
on the top of a mountain
Sumica: But does he know reverse nacho hoof?
hey Vampire_Mistress hows your day been
Chrysalis: in another galaxy
00,10all the moves
HEllo Vampire_Mistress :)
alexxm he and his wife didn't get along, so she didn't care much i think
Anyone wanna join mah hamachi (5 users only....)
thanks Kandarihu :(
but will it blend...
YEAH!
everything blends
ok Lil_B
Well, that's more a matter of having a human libido.
everything blends but chuck
lol roodenberr
y
YYYYYYYYEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS
I haven't seen this yet
Is it a good idea to microwave it?
Then, DisQord and Vash appeared in equestria, and Vash said "WTF why am I horse?"
goodbye everypony seya in 5 mins
Any others of my kind here?
I saw this one....
Sumica actually, Q's knowledge about "the moves " gets kinda explained in one Startrek Voyager episode XD
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
PEARS
oh god he TALKS and TALKS
PEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAARS
be quiet time turner!
Grabbin Pears!
tardis
This is awesome
YAY DOCTOR WHOOVES!
derpy speaks
I hope he goes canon.
Derpy is on a single straight trail with no branches. Gets lost anyway. Aww, Derpy.
they need to get dr whooves to be voiced by tennant or baker
smooth...
awesome fandom logic: says muffins once. gets mistaken by a muffin addict phsyco
ok, I think I will drop out of this chat for today, see you all tomorrow ;)
animation error lol
and yet people are still popping bottle rockets outside, meeeeh
Poor Derpy!
Bronies! I AM PLAYING THE WALKING DEAD!
:|
Dken2021: those are a little annoying - streaming violin last night was kinda.... noisy....
No mention Luna?!
Any other vampires?
and lluna?
00,10this takes place during ep 1
go derpy!
Vampire_Mistress perhaps before season 1 pilot
00,10so no, no luna
Derpy knows what's up
This derpy seems very snarky.
doctor scoffs at your vocabulary
Well Derpy's been with the Doctor for hours as he prattles on...
and then just got insulted.
Well, ya would be if you have eyes like that :P
Ahh ok
laters
Don't deny the doctor.
dat laugh
So this is during episode 1
why hello OCs
I see now :$
If even Fluttershy can show some snark, I think Derpy can too.
:p
I'
6_9
:P
I'm derpeh, and I love ya all :p
No, It's derpeh :P
So... I just saw some news about a final fantsy 7 remake.
I really like his... beard
And I was like... wut?
"What is this place, filled with so many colors....?"
Barbetos|Atwork: WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?
ohai Lyra
cuckoo
:o
The hub have named her Ditzy Doo, and Vinyl Scratch DJ-P0N3 :(
:'(
cuckoo...
can't wait till next instalment.
The to be continued strikes again
Edd Gould :(
Entire ending is cliffhanger.
Who are those people?
Is that a song to something or was it just made for that little part can some one please tell me?
XD
Pony Box?
nyan tard?
icybeauti: just... dont talk about it...
Sonic_the_Hedgehog: The current song?
ACS13123: Kay...-zips mouth shut-
00,10ok lets see if DCD will work
00,10er DVD
Just like Pokemon, Outlaw Star, or One Piece. Every episode ends with To Be Concluded.
I am playing Walking Dead from TellTale :P
Er, to be Continued
BASK IN MY GLORY
Sumica CrossesFingers
Oohhh....:(
DIKEIDO!
00,10yay
It was like a fice second part
ocarinaplaya made this??????
OOo, Stargate
OMG :O
Which season?
*five*
SG1
Sumica your my new favorite streamer for this
i love his cupcakes animation
Awesome
A stargate made out of STARS
STARGTE! XD I love that.
Stargate
;D
yay for stargates
o3o
00,10old dvd's are old
Sumica Theres some snapping and popping in the sound. Dunno whats causing it.
Anyone... Wanna join my hamachi?....
I kept reading "Pilot" as "Plot"...
Yes stargate.
My mom LOVES this series. But it's going to run over schedule.
00,10it's my capture card. it always doses that when I first load the driver in my video plauer
(doesn't help that my feed is tiny)
00,10it clears up after a few seconds
famous last words
This is the series premier.
INB4 ded
User0: I like pilots.
of course dead
=_(\
she is the first casulty
Went for tea, this Stargate/
00,10btw this was on Skinamax first so be ready for welll skin
Oshi
Stargte?
Yes
...A ENTRANCE TO PONYVILLE! WE FOUND IT!
Love this music
Well, thanks for streaming the good stuff. I'll be back later.
Deadlypon3: An*
EspyLacopa: Stargte.
IT. IS. GLOOOORRIOOUUSSSSS!!!!
dont go that way
Touch.
00,10trolololnade
INB4 bewm
Don't touch it, it might have COOOTIESS!
the matter conversion only allows single direction travel thoruhg an open wormhole!
It's a trap!
What the fudge.
Oh god, it's a power ranger villian!
:D
ohai most overused bad guy ever
Aaaaah so many memories ^_^
power ranger bad guys?
Goa'uld
Hoshet
Cobra really went literal after the Commander stepped down didn't they.
:O
Oh, it's suppose to be masks
Teal'c!
NOOOO TEAL'C!
Well, that makes me feel a little better
Zapady zap zap?
00,10and he was two days from retirement
Lol!
:D
XD
Idiots, shoot there hands.
SPRAY
still not as many 'splosions as Sumica with kerbals...
00,10love the clasic full auto AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Throw the nades!!
All of them!
Mah ass
Well that went well.
He actually killed one :O
ded
Indeed
oh man getting back to stargate :)
dat blood
since no one else did it yet
Those helmets look terribly impractical.
COOOOOBRAAAAAAA
episode?
00,10clasic opening is clasic
Sssssnnnnaaakkke :P
um don't stargates only work one way once a connection is established oO
Macguyver!
I have no clue what this is :D
00,10yeah shana
shana they are one way for matter
>Title on screen
00,10they closed it and reopend it.
>have no idea what this is
It's been *ages* since I've seen this.
>deeeeeeeeerp
I used to watch this with my mom
I have never watched this before :D
I used to watch this with my dad
....This looks duuuuuuuuuuuuuuumbbb :p
GilDash Same. The memories. Aaaaah the memories ^_^
Deadlypon3: GTFO
Right now
Sumica: so they can dial without a dial thingy?
Meanwhile: Guess it was shown when i was typing that message :\
00,10only in the pilot
MegaMoonShine Then you've never lived ^_^
FairysHuff: That theme tune... every time. :D
RaveBrony: Stargate SG1. :3
00,10they kinda hand wave that one away.
FairysHuff: Yeah... :S
CHILDREN OF THE GODS!
I stopped watching when MacGuyver stopped being the main lead.
GilDash So true ^_^
there are portable DHDs
oh first one. im so dumb
though they are incredibly rare
Meanwhile: I dont even know what that is o_o guess ill learn now :D
RaveBrony: Yeah I've never seen it either.
Deadlypon3: HELL YEAH
early morning scratch voice (yeah I just got up)
00,10So much music
Dun dun duuuuuuuuun!
Sumica I'm going to stay up late in the hopes you stream that Bab5 episode we talked about ^_^
The real oddity is having watched SG-1 so much, and then going back and re-watching the original movie and seeing someone else playing the role of O'Neil.
00,10probably not FairysHuff. so feel free to sleep
EspyLacopa: wait someone else? aren't they supposed to be different people?
00,10it's in compression on the backup drive
00,10would have to decompress it
they never swapped out oneil
Sumica Awww... Ah well. I'll enjoy SG1 then bed then ^_^
they just replaced the charachter
shana no they are the same person just diffrent actor
Lol!!
Yay!
Zawan: thx, never noticed :)
All I remember from the original Stargate film
00,10O'neal is mad of Snark
Is thay one guy
Who is SO FUCKING UGLY
I still like thi show :D
It is incredible
that*
dari: lol
Aliens
Well, that and boniwaaaaaaaaaay
Jack O'Neil is the person in both the movie and this series. But in the original film, he was played by Kurt russel.
brb
Wow, dumbasses. They coudln't actually find the switch? :D
00,10Mc Gyver is a way better O'neal then Kurt Russel
Hehe
McGuyver is best O'Neil. He's a straight man who makes scenes funny simply by being there.
Love the evil music
^
^^
So much exposition.
"Daaaaahh, my face is made of PLAaaaydoough
wha no
"To the BESt of your knoweldgeeeee...blaaaaahh"
no dead
So what is this???
00,10nukes, they look like shopvacs
hello every pony
Irish_Pony: stargate SG1
hello brony_boy115 :)
WElcome
Mark V.
Ah yes, this is -before- they realized there was more than two gates.
They're gonna nuke our imagination!!!
"mbbbgggghhh I am a general, and that means I can use my clay face to ACCCttt"
00,104 bodys?
00,10oh right the one jaffa
4 bodies? SENT A BOMB!!!
Obey orders
what a jerk
Commit genocide
4 bodies > 100000 bodies
4 bodies of armed soldiers? Sent a bomb that will destroy all of a civillaztion!
just 4 bodies=BOMB!!!!!!!!!
The Doctor is disappoint dari.
Deadlypon3: Yeah game over man
00,10dat changeling-panda's a spy
As we all know every order is a good order.
Spai
Sumica O_O what...
ohh his kidd
00,10my kid uses to do that, then he blew his brains out.
00,10ohhi changeling-panda
so stargate g2
Sumica: IS A DADDY?
"MY Fatt face is ANGRRY"
Sumica ^-^ how are you sumi-chan ;)
Lol....
00,10I am well
Yay! Glad to hear it ^-^
Tissue Box time!
00,10just enjoying a bit of SG1 with every one here.
Dohohohoho
Allergies
He remembers when he was MacGyver!
tissue box warfare the next generation warfare
^
"Bwahahahahah WHAAAAAAH?!"
BWeuughu
Bweeeuuuughuuu
WATER GATE!!!!!!!!!!!
00,10watching this makes me wish Stargate equestira would update.
Sumica hehe lucky ^-^ oh! Ill have a new shiny laptop next week, i got an unexpected mdical bill :(
I wonder. How many rooms did they destroy while initially testing the stargate?
so what were those guys in snake armour i haven't seen star gate before
Final Destination: Object.
alexxm they were Jaffa
Stargate XD
human hosts used to hybernate lava goauld
Sumica: watching this makes me wish this didn't happen as much as it does - http://i.imgur.com/wfG7I.jpg
if aliens get their hands on kleenex who knows what could happen!
I love that image
Same
00,10lawl dat image
So true...
eeyup
XD
that image is so damn true
But totally worth it!
Eeyup :D
;$
:$
m16 a3 so 10 years ago
XD
Shoot bullets
Hah
Do it
^
00,10oh god they sent a tissue nade
box
"Send more tissues."
They blew their noses
Then sent the tissue back
User0 story of my life ^-6
Fuck your tissues Earth!
Hello!
THEY USED OUR TISSUES THIS MEANS WAR
Wait...
-sigh- I'll do a pics-or-it-didn't-happen tomorrow... possibly...
wtf??
hey Sontroid hows your day been
Throw the grenades!
wait...what? :D
Hit te dirt!
THROW THE CHEESE
Hey bro stop throwing your garbage in our world >:3
Throw the cheeeeeeeeeese!
throw the turtle mine
tissue boxes
The chese will do more damage actually.
i like aliens
SHE
00,10oh sheet we can have tits on the team
I AM A STEGOSAURUS.
Lawl Sumica
ohai sam
Enter the Love Interest.
only character to last the entire damn show
Hey der Sam
:D
hi BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
Love intrest....not intrested.
My Little Ponies
Major Matt Mason.
Rofl!!
lmao
XD
lolololollololool
they fix this later
/me turns on dubstep
Dohoho :D
theroetical astro phisicist long name
Smarter than you are.
Badass?
She has a science degree in science!
Win.
conveniently, the freezing is actually a computer issue
Buuuurn
Chrysalis: with magic
which they fix during an update
I have a science degree in drunk science.
dang
Chrysalis: did not know that
o_o
i watch WAY too much of this show...
Damn, she told him
00,10in otherwords it was getin anoying having to dust them with co2 all the time Chrysalis
:S
Reproductive organs.
All of your minds were blown.
he likes women
"I -like- women."
;)
Incorrect, Captain. We are required to impregnate all the aliens on this mission. Can you handle that?
"I like women."
-lawl
XD
She gon win
HISTORY
I like women...and cookies and pie and ice cream...
I like women, I like women, I like the concept of a woman
CLASS
EVEN IN THE MILITARY
It's not fair though men have a shutoff switch
SHE GONE!
I like to take that concept and... uh... something something
00,10faster then light travle> the old fasiond way
The milatary=That place that you dont wanna be in,so insted you buy worthless CoD
>send kleenex
>receive bomb
Seems lefit
...
Legit*
lefit!
le fit
00,10le-achoo
french fitting?
/me is not amused.
oh plz m16 a3 sooooooooooooo 10 years ago
Haha! the EQD posts has been doubled!
00,10it's ok they swap to p90's
Oh yeah he will
mp5 trol
/me falco punches MegaMoonShine
trips?
Quick, shove her in!
00,10shut up woman get in ma wormhole
EARRAPE
And he did
ah shut up and go in >:3
Player 2...defeateed!
go through it already
ladys got u down, push them through a portal
ohai matterstream
Dude...
The colours...
Yes?
oh wait, this is gate not rings
ohai energy stream
THE COLORS MAN...IM TRIPPIN' BAWLS!!!
windows media player, we meet again
I THINK ILL BBL....
yeah! Buck you physics!
HMMMM....
YEAH....
00,10terrorist win
rolf
terrorists
ILLL SEE YOU LATER FOOZ
Danny Boy!
Bye Sontroid :)
he hasn't aged abit.
Sand people?
Russian sand people?
SHE UGHY
anon3mous345: nuh
anon3mous345: she aint got no alibi?
Macguyver?
Lawl
Dat reference
dat reference
^ ninja'd
macguyver
Stop nerd-gasming over the ancient tech and get ova here.
36 hour a day
http://i.imgur.com/aSG3k.png
boose
Moonshine.
its just basic chemistry. sir.
charly is coming
dat HL3
Man that stuff was packing some kick apparently.
Biglaw: :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D
ur lighter?
I'm heavier
Im back mortals
uses garlic
Hothothothothothothothot
Vampire_Mistress: I prefer the term pony but ehh whatev's Sup /)
i wonder what this chat is
oh wait
ITS DEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED
inb4 dany boy gets a stiffy
It's not dead it's merely resting!
Hey, I didn't know there was a movie on? It's not friday!
liar
it's pining for the fjords!
It's deeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaad.
Not a movie
...Mass Effect film?
Seriously?
Nyst tv show
They're atually making a Mass Effect film?
Oh, I thought it was the stargate movie from the look of it.
Nah. The movie had Kurt Russel, not MacGuyver.
so they're location pointers
I just saw the pyramid when I came in.
00,10Danial used logic, it's super efective.
wat
I like Danial. ^_^
Denial.... where?
scientists
They were making a Stargate MMO but the games company went under.
or in english
also, they use this in atlantis
Man he looks so different. He really went from nerdy archeologist to chiseled jaw actionhero over the years.
when a virus destroys the gate dialing system
That all makes sense to me. Relatively simple.
only SGC has gate travel
due to their use of an independant system
now we upload a virus
00,10some one yelled imigration
that can't be good
-lawl
Sumica Lol ^_^
oh crap
Illegal immicgration???? Where!
im turning into Silverscreen
trol
QUICK! IT'S THE FUZZ!
aim or the non-armored parts not the helmet fools
Nuuuuuuuuu!
User0: /)
Kidnapping ALL the ladies!
aim 4 the neck
Liokin: (\
Teal'c
inb4 ded
darth vader
And then the never used the transforming snake heads ever again :(
*they
space roofies
00,10daterape glove
:D
what
and no one had a grenade?
Those helmets look really daft.
Mhm...
i see u fount the glove of meanwhile
00,10well they tryed to use somthing that the movies had as CG
cobras :D
Are you kidding? They look awesome! ...and also daft. But awesome!
one marine w.i.a.
Meanwhile they make them look like power ranger villians
^
Hey guys thanks for jumping in to help. Jerks...
i know is awsome but daft
imto yhe cho, chopper
00,10the probelme was they had no budget for CG in this
ded
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
HE DED
If evrything fails use Bow and arrow or compact bow
brony_boy115
:'(
yes TheKoreanBrony1354
dari: Valnooooo.wav
^
VINDALOO!!
whats your favorite poyn
Inderdaad
pony*
00,10lol Val nooooo
00,10have not heard that one in some time
well mine is luna

The chapstick eye.
mines fluttershy
rainbow dash
yep
Das one cool symbol
fluttershy
00,10know what's another clasic one.
so fairly ded
No fucking idea what it is
Pinkie Pie
But it's awesome
How trollish would it be to put the stargate horizontally instead of vertically, so that as soon as you went through, gravity causes you to fall back through it and killed?
Get back here, you!
00,10Hey dari, it opens up masive
awsome
Nooooooooooooooo
Hahaha
Lightning-Quill: I find that I tend to prefer recurve bows over compound.
2nd bon bon
Stargates open up massice.
...
massive*
2nd big mac

Yeah recurb bow are what they use in the olypics and they are still fun

00,10EspyLacopa, or put it on a cliff
/me starts snatching other symbols...
yeah...lemme touch your hair...
man I am destroying the english language with my typing
from tee
00,10only one I know is 
Ah, the Iris!
00,10lol which dont even work on this network
It's pretty funny to think titanium would stop a wormhole.
00,10it dont stop the wormhole
/me stops a wormhole with titanium.
what now?
00,10it stops people from coming out the wormhole
Yeah I know, but if the gate works like it does in the movie, it shouldn't kill them either.

Iris closed = people and things go splat
Since there's this watery like waiting room kind of thing.
it stops all matter from materialising
/me noms on Meanwhile
00,10oh the matter materialises.
00,10as a smear on teh back side of the gate
/me noms panda
/me noms on Chrysalis
oh yeah, it doesnt stopit materialising, it stops reintegration
just send a nuke through the portal... that will end well
so the matter can't form back into whatever it was before
/me has been trout-ed.
um. pinkie pie. what? http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5626/
So what happens...When you get two stargates, dial the other on one, then send one of the stargates through the other.
Mind = Blown
Sure you can
also, it would be impossible
then a black hole is formed
you need to be in orbit or on a planet for the gates to connect
00,10what I want to know though is what happens if you try to go in to an inbound wormhole.
Hello
and 2 gates cannot maintain a connection in orbit around the same plane
one overrides the other
Sumica: ask pinkie pie
So you dial them when the two are far away
he was their king
00,10that was one bit they never covered.
Then send one to the other while keeping the connection open
and they lose connection once they leave orbit
Sumica they did didnt they, its suicide
What movie is this?
Bullshit
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/835/
00,10no i meen if the gate is open already
cause when a gate gets stolen a criminal suicides by throwing themselves into an inbound gate
what happens if a gate inploded
am i missing something what happened to his wifes kid
they can't
00,10I thought it was a gate that was opening
00,10as in the big fooooosh thing
A BLACK HOLE IS FORMED
i forgot what they called that
they gave it a proper name
Sooo many questions. All answered in the show. Buy the DVD box set everypony ^_^
ah hell.....
00,10O'neals kid shot himself in the head using oneals service pistol
How about we take all of these problems, and given them to Pinkie pie...
thanks Sumica
00,10he was playing with the gun when it happend
I think the official name for it is Gawoosh
WTB
they dont cover that for a couple seasons do they
BOOB TIME
00,10so o'neal blames him self for it
!?
OH NO RAPE
YESSS
nope
VREY NICE
nom nom time
...
Hothothothothothothothothothothothothothothothot
RAPE
Herewego.jpg
Dis some nasty shit
nasty? how nasteh
Snake pouch time?
00,10he likes to watch
Y HE WACH
CREEPY
o_o
Oh dear...
oh sweet celestia I smell bible black >.<
O____________0
Oh, I know what this is now.
She's opening up massive.
so what star gate is this?
its alien all over again!
o_o
WAT DAFUQ
DAMMIT MEANWHILE
:S
THATS HAWT
00,10I've seen enough stargate to know where this is going.
:3
that can't be good
It's pretty funny how Xena this show was in the beginning.
Lawl Sumica
dafuq is this
O________________________0
Thats hawt.
Sumica: funny way of spelling hentai
NOTHOTNOTHOTNOTHOT
Sumica ikr
I got the wierdest wingboner right now.
dead
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3960/
When did they retcon them to be in the neck instead of the stomach?
?
00,10t'ielc dont like to waste the punanni
Nyst theyre in the pouch in infancy
Yeah but that wasn't an infant.
Nyst: goauld mature in jaffa untill thety can take a host
then they take a host and go in the neck
-lol that guy is really not shy about using that roofie glove.
It hasn't chosen a proper host yet.
A MONTH
Wut
How shit are their computers?
dari: Windows 98
00,10apple IIE
Lawl
not easy shit
Also, this show is from year 2000.
Chrysalis, it's simple
Seriously
Get Bill Gates!
moooooop
The way she described it
It should take seconds
To us now, these are 10 year old computers.
00,10altho 2-3 a month would be around one a week
thous the UNSC was created
00,10so they could go to a new world each week
:'( why does he have a clay face
you can calculate the interstella drift of multiple constellations
They know the original distance
00,10as if this was a show that came out every friday
and align them to pre-existing systems (which are also moving) to get a target
They know how far away the planets move each year
50,000 * distance
Simple shit
Look at the laptop computer there.
Yeah really
00,10good memory
is that a dell???
so can a stargate be destroyed
Yea. So, which -direction- did the planet move?
as the gravtiy from each system affects the overall movement
dear calesta, please send the aliens to the moon,
00,10yes alexxm
00,10when they blow up they blow up big
how can it be done Sumica
Yes, but you don't need the exact locations
Just a good approximate
anon3mous345: celestia*
Your amateur debates on amateur science amuses Twilight Sparkle. ^_^
oh tkx its hard to spell
00,10the metal in the gate amplifies the effect of a nuke
im back
So?
you can't just fudge something on that scale
00,10not much to fudge
The way she said they were going to do it, it would take seconds
Chrysalis: A smartass could do it with a calculator.
THat's a fact
true
00,10you get close it connects, it dont then you get busy signal
but all nerds do that
cern only just found the higgs partical
Unless she was dumbing it down for the benefit of O'Neal.
Reality is different, but this isn't, so...
that took em what 4/5 years?
l.a.v. yay
Chrysalis: not quite... they're close
berral role
weeeeeee
Do a barrel roll
they also fix the momentum issue with the freezing
when they upgrade the computers
00,10btw, most of this show was filmed in canada
Sumica: i thought it was in equestria
boob time
00,10no Bronysith, but there is a Fic for that.
Hothothothothothothothot
Apophis' harem?
In regards to the Higgs Boson story I would like to clarify that the scientific team who found it said they "BELIEVE" they "MAY" have found the Higgs Boson. This is science people. It changes all the time. Don't take it for granted.
ah hell....
Sumica: okay then
/me glomps Liokin
Liokin: hello
00,10Danial hooks up a bit with Twi =p
Bronysith: ya' silly little colt /)
00,103.....2.....1
RAPE
This one has a funny voice.
DONT LOOK
Apophis likes them with spunk.
:O
RAPE FACE TIME
boobies\
HOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOT
goddamn roofie glove!
HOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOT
I don't remember nudity in SG1. :S
Und dann chat devolved.
boobies
:O
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOBS
I wonder how many 12 year olds are watching this right now ^_^
I think this might apply to many of you http://mylittlefacewhen.com/#f/1587/
BOOOOOOOOOOOBS
GilDash it was only in the first few eps
:P
00,10the skinamax versions
Goa'uld likes tits
Chrysalis: I remember the tone changing quickly after the first few eps, just not the nudity.
oh sweet celestia not the belly tentacle >.<
Is it bad if I'm aroused from this? o_o
O____O
Gunny has the wierdest boner
O////O
oh god o_o
I've seen enough hen-
Well that's just perfect.
/me gets slapped
OW!
hawwwwt
It's a space snake parasite.
00,10t'eilc: no me gusta
NOM
ah horse apples
look away now for the weak spirited
Take a good look, because this is the -last time- you'll ever see a boob in Stargate.
ah sick...
this is so hawt o-o
she so hosted
:O
DO NOT WANT
00,10and then it went up her crack
omg is it bad if i... o///o
o_O
CREEPY
Lovely sound effects.
Why Sumica why.
O___O
O_____________0
Thats arousing....
that was werid
thank calestia that ended
Lol, people freaking out over this.
Sumica: -lol I dont think that was her crack....
ad then RAWRity shows up just after it ends.
huh?
alexxm Actually thats how many insects and parasites enter a human body. So it's not weird at all. Rather common.
ewaks
RAWRity: -lol you missed belly tentacle rape.
FairysHuff ok
00,10no it was not Liokin, but it messes with peoples minds when i do that
Hiii
Liokin: meh, you've seen one hentai you've seen em all
Hiiiii
Sumica: O U
huh
early priors
didnt notice that
RAWRity: -lol I hear that /)
Chappa-ai!
Chrysalis: Hoshit
Can't be
ikr
00,10pay no mind to the reused props Chrysalis
That'd be insane
6_9
nope he got the mark. Drop em'...
Allah Choolak
Chulak!
/me is listening to a song called "Stab Stab Stab"
Chulak!
RAWRity: punch punch punch
ohai Jaffa homeworld
Chulak!
chulak=chocolate
00,10looks like whiterun
/me is listening to a song called "Get work done before the day is over and bronystate isn't helping"
Goodnight everypony :)
/me sits on Sumica s oc
Sumica Ssssh you'll spoil the surprise
no looks like solitude
bye killerpony7733
User0: then close Bronystate and do your work.
killerpony7733 Nighty night
killerpony7733: Later bro /)
Night killerpony7733 :)
00,10no rideing my OC
RAWRity: don't worry, I'm just teasing
by killerpony7733
Reminds me of some of the sets used in Star Trek.
/me jumps ontop of Sumica
I'm abandonig this show for the mentime I will do some resaerch bye

00,10are you a god?
Bye Lightning-Quill :)
bye Lightning_Quill
bye

looks like a mix of ancient rome and india
Sumica Uhhh.... yes?
Oh no you don't >: (
/me rides Sumi's Oc anyway. "Faster, Mica! I want to hit the with my sword!"
HOOOOOOOOOOONK! HONK! HOOOONK!
Ahhh, rome.

RAWRity: :D
well this can only end well

Sha're!
Oh fudgesicles.
00,10kneel before zod
/me jumps ontop of RAWRity while he rides Sumica s oc
/me sneaks towards the shinies.
Sumica, I lolled
Fus ro dah!
Bonk
neal befor me
skip talk- Put the bitch down!
the litch queen
alexxm: peace is a lie
alexxm: there is only passion
/me gives Liokin a gun that shoots dogs
correct no such thing as full peace
Ahhh, Teal'c.
FlareChaser|VGHS: What are games all about?
This is $5.99 technology
/me eats FlareChaser|VGHS
...
I'm watching the last episode, don't bug me ._.
/me noms on FlareChaser|VGHS s face
>evil aliens that want to kill you and destroy your planet
FlareChaser|VGHS: It's all about the game, jeez...
>tell them where you're from
Good job
>Genius!
eheheh True
FlareChaser|VGHS: Fine I wont bother you....
00,10cause the bad guys could totaly find you if you said you are from Detroit.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4495/
that Octavia is a spy.
Bronysith: interesting thing for me to look at while at work
Apophis is Nightmare Moon?
Just a lot less sexy
Detroit is a safe answer. Stargate coordinates, not so much.
User0: yea
Bronysith: thanks
I just watched this ep
00,10title drop
*cough* movie name *cough*
I loce stargate!
I still hate those helmets.
you loce?
Meanwhile but there so badass
Meanwhile They change. This is only the pilot
:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P:P
wut the name of this movie
They look so wonky. Like leaning would make you fall over.
Jack's got a plan.
anon3mous345: pilot of stargate sg1
stargate 2
but yeah, they stop bothering with the helmets after the war with earth kicks up
tkx
they look like something a power ranger villian would wear
00,10i love child tossing
EspyLacopa: A goddamn plan?
MegaMoonShine: It involves bananas.
Dont taze me bro.
This is when a dragon shout would be handy ^_^
bro punch
Fus roh FUCK OFF
Apophis does have a swanky hat.
LOL
sorry for offtopic question - what was the name of Celestia's satellite from that one flash?
00,10Harmony
Sumica: thank you
hello everypony
tealcs a badass
Und dann he helped them.
Teal'c shows his awesome.
"He can break these cuffs"
hey Muffin0 hows your day been
good
Liokin you can't break those cuffs
:D
Muffin0: Hey, it is the muffin version of me
o/
/me noms on Liokin
Computer derp back
00,10realy dari I can do that in like a second o/
/me noms Bronysith
That's a wave. :P
Not a salute
no
its a german salute
XD
Bronysith: :3
00,10yours is just a guy in a silly hat waveing
lol stay at my place
Ohai Teal'c
00,10you can sleep on my couch, no hobo
he knows the name as stargate
not call it jha pa eye {sp}
which he does for the rest of the season
Chrysalis: damn you for noticing that
Jaffar.
Sumica: I guess my question does kinda speak a little regarding what my job is...
Zawan i have watched the show for far too long
Jaffar cake.
why did yuo leave the bloody staffs
00,10Ponyville historian, User0?
yay i finished castle crashers
Stormman3100: You don't have them? :O
O_o
That's just weird.
jaffa cakes?
MegaMoonShine Nope
whats a jaffa cake?
not who he was?
just wait 4 seasons
Murica... such a backwater country ^_^ Not even having Jaffa Cakes
>whats a jaffa cake?
hell be fiiine
Stormman3100: Man, you guys are missing out bigtime :$
>God is dead.
00,10What's a jaffa cake/
Sumica: not exactly... programmer
WHAT IS JAFFA CAKES
FairysHuff: I don't know how one can live without jaffa cakes.
Sumica you poor soul
Sumica: I pity you.
Kammerjunk Same
00,10could just be a name thing
MegaMoonShine, Yeah I order them through the interwebz, i just wish for a better way to get them
Its like
A cake thing
xD
/me crashes into Chrysalis
It's a biscuit with a chocolate layer on one side and underneath the chocolate is some orange jam
thats my best explanation
soo what are we watchin
Can anyone say "Wing commander" franchise? ^_^
stargate
wikipedia is your friend http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaffa_Cakes
Ahh anti spam o.O
Sumica: http://edinburghnapiernews.files.wordpress.com/2008/11/jaffacakes.jpg
Hmm
I'll take one or two or seventeen...
Orange jelly, not jam. :P
Whatevs, same thing
wikipedia pls
00,10oh those, hell we make them all the time at work.
00,10altho they call it U-ti-ne
Rocket lawnchair for the win.
"McVities therefore won the case and VAT is not paid on Jaffa Cakes in the UK"
Win
Sumica: -lol they look pretty good. How do they taste?
00,10like a cookie with jelly
even down to how they go off
Yeah
they were baws
Nothing like a cookie.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4991/
They have sponge for a base
/me passes Sumica lyra and bonbon http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5008/
It's like a sexy party in your mouth!
Sumica: Like a cookie huh?...Lies!
00,10good range on the roofie glove
evil kid is evil
its so...bad
00,10might not be the same thing Liokin
alexxm: the power glove warps minds
Imagine if Q met Loki.
The power glove works with the NES
EspyLacopa who says they haven't
badly
DESU
00,10dat auto shotgun.
I want that shotgun
No more NED worries if I had that thing.
so even though he memorised it
hi everyone. what you watching?
and taught it to someone else
he still has to search notes for the address
hey Chrysalis we're watching star gate hows your day been
Hello? Whats this???
00,10looks like it fires deer slugs too
needs more noobtubes...
alexxm i know iv been watching since the start
CCCP: stargate
^
CCCP Stargate SG1
and providingdoing silverscreens job :P
hi Zawan and FairysHuff :) thanks
it was me that asked, and thanks
curse you backspace!
Chrysalis sorry i derped
hey CCCP hows your day been
hi alexxm
at this point, the iris is very easy to open and close from earth side
00,10combat roll
later on hand print readers are installed as a security measure
Dem claymores
Master camper!
aaaaaaaaa
he just blew up like 30 claymores
combat scream
you know how annoying that would be to move around
is anypony from arkansas?
that quantity of explosives would be both heavy and dangerous
00,10that's a tone of clamores
old man throwing rocks
combat scream gives +30% damage -30% armor
"Oy! There goin' ta' have ta' glue yew back ta' gether. IN HELL!"
00,10nice gut shot
Dat jump
Poor Kowalski.
slither
Horry shit
Nuuuuuuuuu!
And then -splat-
00,10bugs on a window
Always loved that part ^_^
Splat
so where do the reffugees go then
To some other planet
in that shot there
you saw tealc smiling
you never see that again
They go tp dah mines. TO DAH MINES WIT EM!
Not sure if serious
Hello everypony.
EggWhite: Sup bro /)
hi eggwhite
Kowalski's a spy!
Kowalski. :<
hello eggwhite
Hello EggWhite :)
hey EggWhite hows your day been
(/Nothing much
:O
Other then having to limb all day it was a good day...I didn't even need to use my AK
obvious evil guy is evil
HIYA everybrony pony
limp*
And that my young fillys is Stargate SG1 the Pilot. Now go buy the DVD box set!
hey Bronysith what have you been up to
HIYA Bronysith :)
and yours alexxm?
i'm good EggWhite
00,10Gunny, dont do that
alexxm: nothing much
Hey Bronysith
hi every pony im back
night guys
:)
why exercise hurts more the next day after doing it....
night
night alexxm
alexxm: Later bro /)
Night alexxm :)
>emancipation
>eman
13sumica starting sg1 again?
pecker_willy@hotmail.com
WOOOT ANIME
Eeyup Shizuka
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo.
ohai FMA
So good. :>
00,10aye Shizuka
LAWL
AHAHHAHAHAHAHAH
13<3
i seen this
:D
Shizuka: <3
13your body hates you
yep
Suddenly sea ponys -lol
my bro wanted to say hi but he sent his mates e-mail :/
<3<3<36_9
6_9
Dat guys face.
:P
INB4
It was GRATE
that guy needs to smile :)
XD
IT'S BACON AND APPLEJACK
Bacon and Applejack.
Pfft.
^ninja'd
Sea Ponies is the only thing I like about G1
Herdmind.
XD
NOOOOOOOOO :O
FFFFFUUUUU
*HATES ENGLISH DUBS*
YEEEEEEEEEES! :$
yay
It was neither grate nor was it bacon and applejack
:<
But this will be.
To the FMA one http://thesecularity.com/download/file.php?id=7457
Yay
i do not need 100" sea ponies
Sumica: are you going to get your oc as a sea pony?
00,10lol
i think i agree with that statement
DO IT
Sea-ponies! XD
SHOO BE DOO
Btw, i am back.
this song is a song
Sumica: do eet filly
STUN BAH QO!
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4955/
00,10would have to ask the secret sprite maker of Bronystate
Your body does not approve of having to work.
Sumica: i think it would be cool
/me Makes the water electrified by using Stun Bah Qo.
Bacon and Applejack.
^
mmhmmm bacon
Meanwhile: sounds like a good meal
Iwazgreaht!
bacon doesnt go well with cereal
/me distracts SuperBrony64 from bronystate
haha!
twilight_sprinkle: applejack is a type of alchohol
Bacon and Applejack
i have applejacks for breakfast
Apple Jack is a pony
Bronysith: i prefer applejack the cereal :3
No more stream?
Nooo, are you leaving Sumica? :(
11,02O.O
Wtf are Trixi- Ooh i mean ''the great and powerfull'' Trixie. -.-
00,10yeah, I been streaming long enough
SuperBrony64: Moo?
o SuperBrony64 , can i haz quick chat with you?
ohai SuperBrony64 :D
is anyone leaving cause im not
00,10need to be nice and let otheres play too
Captain_MasterBoss43 Sipderman.mp4 I do what i want!
thanks for the awesome stream Sumica <3 the sg1
What kind of file do you need to turn a 15mm hole into a 40mm hole?
catgrove
I may leave depending on whats streamed next if anything.
and i aplogise for the silverscreen like spam everyone
A pedophile.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT I have seen it. Bitchplease.jpg
Awwww but you stream the best stuff sumica.
CCP A pedofile, or a pedophilly.
Sumica Can I ask a favour?
00,10But Dari has good stuff too
Captain_MasterBoss43: whats that?
00,10you want me to find the b5 ep FairysHuff
This is Gallifrey?
CCCP badpokerface.jpg
This is Gallifrey.
Ooh.
Sumica Yes ^_^ But not right now. When you have time.
Hi
STRUN BAH QO!
O hai everypony!
Meanwhile: don't you mean gallopfrey :S
Hi everypony. Anything special today?
O hai |Discord| :)
So. Fucking. Epic.
Ikr.
/me hugs MegaMoonShine
More stargate?
hi Fou_Lou
Hi Fou_Lou :)
Hi brony_boy115 and MegaMoonShine
/me noms on Fou_Lou
your body!
it was not ready!
What's a pedophile's favorite part of a hockey game?
Fou_Lou how it hanging
/me noms on CCCP
Before the First Period.
CCCP: boooo.
/me tomz Bronysith
CCCP >_>
Meanwhile: :P
whats this?
brony_boy115: good. all is where it has to be ^-^
cool Fou_Lou
:)
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2254/
aparently
FAAAAAAAAA.
Dari opened up massive.
00,10it opens up masive
My body is never ready either
Sumica: /)
XD
we can hear you know
dat darigasm
00,10(\ Meanwhile
wheeee heroes
:O Ooooh!
Inb4 cliffhangers.
00,10Seeee dari has good stuffs
Heroes? Ok thats my que to go beddy byes then ^_^
no,more stargate
00,10So long as it dont buffer alday like that one show =p
gnight FairysHuff
Guys....have you people heard of Tetrapony?
that timestamp..
Nighty night everypony. And Sumica thanks for the stream.
Sylar looking his derpiest.
twilight_sprinkle Nighties
night :fairyshuff
Ha, I just got favor points at work~
I have till tomorrow morning to write this chunk of code
Dat pause.
Previous on Heroes, EVA Rule 3 was in full effect
00,10no pop out video option Dari?
Don't think so
ngiht who ever left
XD shana
I am talking to you from the future
I'm from England. :>
G'night, everypony! :)
night GilDash
Is it heroes all evening/night again?
me too dari /)
00,10dun dun duuuuuuun
/me /)(\ flutter-scruff
Favourite character from heroes?
Oh that's right the bitch got her head torn open.
And it was hilarious.
Meanwhile: she got what she deserved
HIRO.
Hiro is best hero.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4658/
Yeah Hiro. :>
YATAAAA
Sylar is up there too
Just because so creepy
fucking 6 message bot lol
I spy with my four eyes, HEROES!
I killed dozens of people to keep you safe.
:|
Peter's pretty cool
00,10what about "e-girl"
you should tell the police or grt a gun
remind me to buy a shotgun that shoots shurikens and lightning
and that's the art of the crime scene
He has "headaches".
Policemen are dogs and bitches
Ha.
You heard it here first guys
Bitches and hoes.
Bronysith: No, a shotgun that shoots chainsaw guns that shot chaingun bullets.
and here I thought they were porcine.
Dari: They keep it in the family, too.
She said it.
Meanwhile: minecraft - switches and ores...
Vordox gets the robot
/me tosses tumbleweed into chat
/me grabs the tumbleweed and zoidbergs away
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3968/
Surprise head slash
Sylar is in your braaaaiiiiin
Peter? Bro? Can you cut those locks bro? You look like Emo Parker
why must you start heroes when I have to leave work...
So which episode(s) did I miss so far today?
AttacktheAndalite: just this one
whywould sylar want peters power ? its completely useless to him
Wow
dats some good guessing? eyesight?
Crazy biiiiiiiiiitch
That takes some pretty amazing precision control of your powers. >_>
Okay. And I see that it just started. Talk about good timing cause I just got home from school.
hey what are we watching?
Heroes
ah
Everybody stand back. He's got this
/me passes Meanwhile tea
Toc
tic
toc
tic toc
tic tac
MYH NAME IS PIE
Ohai Haitian
Do it. :|
DAT BITCH CRAY
Zay
o.o
Why does he not just walk through the door and be less fiddly about it.
Is that the bullet in his shoulder there?
Dat blood loss
PEELZ HERE
Pills.
We're grabbing pills
dayum he just swallowed them without water
feedback
KNEW IT
Mind feedback.
lol i thought this might happen
Thoughts are focused and reverbed
eeyup
dat nope.avi
hello everypony
hi ThunderCloud
Hello AttacktheAndalite
Clearly Peter didn't expect to face the might of Mentok, the Mind Taker!
hi ThunderCloud
hi brony_boy115
OOOO-WEEE-OOOOOOO~
Hey
I wanted to see ponies
in the 21 minutes
>:(
:|
Hey E-Pony
Maybe you should go to youtube.
^
inb4 World's Biggest Tea Party
Nope
CONFOUND THE CIRCUT BREAKER POPPING IN MY HOUSE! :[
Then shut up and watch.
^
NO MEANWHILE
NO
It's healthy with a little diversity DustyNomad
JUST NO
:O
How dare you kick me
Lawl
lol
You cant do that
Asians!!!
I think he can.
Just did bro
ORLY?
Hiro!
2 people died for a cheer leader
Lol
not the telepoting chinese man
HIRO. :3
Hey guys, I'm out - I'm going home after a fun day of work ( http://i.imgur.com/wfG7I.jpg )
MR ISAAAK
Teleporting Chinese man is best Chinese man.
Lol bye User0
Mr isaac
binding of isaac
bye User0
binding of isaac is so awesome
Wrath of the lamb
sure
2% cooler
SO AWESOME /):D(\
yeah, Wrath of the lamb is a dlc, made the game 20% cooler /)^3^(\
'awesome dlc
Yes
Yes yes eli
yep
/me waves to AttacktheYeerk, brony_boy115, and everypony else.
EVERYPONY ELSE?
I'm not a pone
is this still season 1?
I'm a brony
He's like "I know that dude"
waves back to User0
User0 don't even give a buck :3
The Haitian.
DUN DUN DUN DUN
HAITIAN
OH GOD
Mr Interferance.
Dat black guy
With dat face
Dat girl gotta cutie mark :O
DustyNomad: But that isnt her flank
not on the right place tough
It doesnt need to be
It could be everywhere
she has probably cutiepox
....
Snow ping ass
she probably has a lot more than cutiepox, If you know what i mean :3
so she has 2 personalitys?
hi Rainfall_Night
00,03Don't tell me I missed it...
What?
00,03Nowacking
is this the movie or not :/
Ohai Scoot-Scootaloo :)
What?
hay Scoot-Scootaloo
no
00,03I missed her, didn't I?
Who?
yay heros
It's not hard to guess.
/me does not have a clue about the story
If Sylar got her powers, he'd basically be a psychic Wolverine. >_>
So yeah, that'd be kind of bad
me neither ThunderCloud havent seen a single episode
That /is/ kinda stupid.
Meanwhile: It really is.
Fou_Lou this is a series?
But Peter jumped off buildings because he thought he could fly, so he's got stupid covered
yes ThunderCloud think this is S1 E11
IDIOT KID
question..that guy...gets his powers from any other "heros" such as himself?
its a trap
Peter, seriously, cut your hair bro. You look like Peter Parker's emo form :|
IT'S A HAMMAH
Das some kick
CK|Basara: Lol he dose
Peter gains other's powers by proximity
hammer....HAmmer... Hammer Hammer Hammer Hammer
but, I have to go. going to play DayZ with my brother, Cya later everypony :)
^
He's like a mirror.
Sylar has to take a part of their brain
see ya ThunderCloud
and other than the Cheerleader, doing such kills them
bye Fou_Lou
DA PERFECTION RELATIONSHIP
Yeah Sylar has the power of understanding. He understands how it works and can adapt it into himself /somehow/
Sorry I shot you man
00,03It appears as though I don't know what 4pm PDT means, so I didn't miss it :)
Dari: Friendship!
Bye Thudner....
:(
Scoot-Scootaloo: what didnt you want to miss?
Hi everypony.
Yeah, chances are, Cylar could give other people other's powers.
;___;
00,03Nowacking's interview!
hi ZappyTheUnicorn
8,6Peter = Synch from the XMen Generation Next comic
greyhound sucks
What are we watching today?
Husk was cooler.
lol
MR IEHEASACHK
greyhound is always late.always
8,6only once she could actually control it
Well yeah but who else was there? Skin and dude-who-blew-half-his-own-face-off.
You ded.
ohai kirzstryfe
Nice
8,6chamber
That's it.
>taken care of
Dammit Digimon Adventure torrent, download faster!
looks like I picked a bad week to quit shooting heroin
The brain man killed her. ;___;
Probably not, that would make this too easy. >_>
8,6jubilee was there, M, big Hawaiian guy who's name I can't remember
8,6that was about it I think
when sober he can paint... the recent past! *gasp*
Lawl
Best question ever
13so i'm going to try to build an enigma machine in gmod..
GOOD QUESTION
13should be fun
How do you solve a problem like an exploding man?~
An enigma machine?
8,6can I come and mess around in the background? :3
I drew...a michael bay movie
;___;
but que the real question is can he explode twice ?
Punch.
....oh no
Oh yes...
^
13probably not.. idling at 57C, gmod will put up to at least 70-75
13server is worse .-.
....
Oh gods.
inb4 alternate timeline
it must be a dream!
;___;
13still too hot to do fun things...
"Mr. Spock picked me up"
and neil is Deceptive_Cadence again
Ayup.
Need to go undercover again.
ah
she realized that fast
What's an enigma machine?
She gon
Deathu gurripu spocku
suicide...?
13http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enigma_machine
Inb4 Jennifer
lol.
Lawl
LAWL
Clearly an enigma machine is a machine designed by the riddler to keep Batman busy.
xD
Dat mind reading.
LOL
That blonde looks familiar
And you're going to try and make that in Gmod?
Should be interesting.
HAITIAN
its what i said
8,6that would be the E.Nigma machine RX-78-SweetieBot
Chrysalis: zombie time?
I know her now! She played Graham Eaton in But I'm A Cheerleader!
Edward Nigma.
its almost movie time :S
Exactly.
oh right
Constipation face.
oh wait, thats tomorrow
time fail...
Dying.
lol
Aand brownies
good word
;_______;
....
13it's mostly expression coding in wiremod
No.
Yes.
aw not zach
Yep...
just need to show my minecraft save off to my sister and ill be up for a game
Consider who her daddy has working for him
Stream, y u keep cutting out.
13thought for a moment of doing it the really hard way and make physical rotors somehow, but asuka would probably instantly melt..
13gmod physics do NOT like having a bunch of stuff around
she feels like doing some laps
Not only will you not date my daughter, you will forget she was ever nice to you.
Poor girl.
is it just me or does she run really weird?
/me falls out of air vent, looking very confused and sidated
Very true.
IMissOsamaBrony: sedated
/me starts humming "I wanna be sedated"
thank you Bronysith
Tic toc.
RAWRity: good song
TICK. :|
/me IMissOsamaBrony slap him to wake him up.
8,6it also doesn't like spawners
Tock
slaps IMissOsamaBrony *
just kill him and dissect his brain.
Hello, Everypony........i'm back!
RAWRity: DAMN YOU NOW IT IS STUC
XD
I love Hiro.
wb Dark92Enigma
There isn't much that Gmod /does/ like.
Wb Dark92Enigma
LAWL I like Ando
And Claire's dad proves stupid there. Keep him under a near lethal dose of sedatives, perform a living autopsy and be done with it.
Hiro Nakamura FTW
Except maybe irony.
/me instatntly pulls gun out and randomly sprays around room
YATTA
get this man as much vodka and rum as possible.
Awesome.
Lawl "Suuugeeeee."
hiro is best inspirational talker
Them eyeses
8,6explosions
It likes horrifying facial expressions.
....
''Unknown'' AKA Claire the Cheerleader
is it weird that i collect clopfanart but dont clop to it
...
8,6http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6oxieUNPY1rzg3ldo1_1280.png :3
Oh fuck....
daddy is good liar
?
:$
HAITIAN
Ohai Haitian
Called it!
daddy, You LIAR
YES
rae... mind raep
O HAI RAPIST
R4PE
Oh hey he /can/ speak.
now what is this?
YOU'RE tearing me APART, HAITIAN!!!!!!!
....o.o
>tell me Claire
8,6in fact, I'm going to go blow stuff up right now
>covering her mouth
Tell me Clarice...
oh right Heroes
ah yes the adventures of Octaviapus
Hey
Have fun kirz.
lol
Who was it that wanted Hiro to fight a t-rex?
Wait, so the Haitian isn't listening? O.o
:>
OH SHIT HIRO
OH MY GOD
THIS IS THE BEST FUCKING SHOW
fighting a dinosaur with a katana, seems legit
Dat sword.
HARRO!!!
ELLO
I need to find sword so this propecy can come true.
Hiro ain't give no fucks
Died a true hero
so, they've stopped drawing the future and started drawing dinosaurs?
NOT KIDDING. :|
awesome
Oh no.
but the haitian isnt there
SYLAR
No no no no no. Bad girl.
NO
right idea, wrong person
Its a pastime in Japan.
/me om nom noms on Vordox
DO NOT GIVE HIM THE POWER TO SUGGEST
YES. THIS IS A GOOD IDEA.
DON'T
BITCH IDIOT MORON
