/me hugs Lil_B like a gentlecolt
ASSKICKIN AHOY!
And the i returned
Then*
creepy face
The time for throwing cans is over!
WB panda :3
you know like sitting in some hot water tub and get the face turn red
Wb.
hey are we ment to say everypony or everybrony:P
^-^
I pushed so many stuff donw there that I could go back up the stairs again XD
AHHHHHH A FACE
00,02action, action, action, loading screen, action, action
MahBoi777: Hehe, actually, I know it will get significantly worse on thursday. Newphew is coming to live with us for a while.
Phase4: eeyup :/
therainbowvortex: You can say either if you want
/me hugs Ninjazz like a Sir
Phase4 sounds like typical ps3 ^-^
Indeed. o_q
no action right now
05xxMoopyxx: could you please try making sense? thank you.
xles: ohhhh, well I wish ya the best then
i am making sense here man chill out
because i dont want to say the wrong one and look like an idiot
Welll... Gordorn doesn't just have "A Few" Words... he has percisly none
its bastille day.
and the mexico signed ACTA ... DAFUQ is wrong with my country
05dude xxMoopyxx chill otu man, just relax and tell me what you are trying to tell me. no need to get frisky boyo
woman wheres my drink!!??
Oh look, Wrek's back
MahBoi777: Thanks man. I'll try to make the best of it. He's supposedly grown out of his professor chaos phase... He managed to ruin my limited ed. evil dead DVD last time he was here.
In full boss mode.
Deceptive_Cadence: Hes been back for a day now
Phase4 break the mini Teleporter for Archievment
Lil_B: he'll have a 1-hour speech at the end of the series :D
im trying to but you keep getting me mad here dude
>_>
send teleporter through the teleporter
-_(\
xxmoopyxx is somthing wrong
05dude relax no need to get mad brah, just explain your own inabillity to execute proper sentencing.
well hes pissing me off
MadSurge "I have leraned a Lot in my Adventure... mainly that everyone will grant you everything if you simply do not say a word"
yep Phase4 is definetly distracted by the Golden Saucer :D
"She" if you know what I mean
00,02teleporter exploded
Woah.
OH GOD
well yeah you tried sending multiple objects through lol
YOU BROKE IT :D
He's got nice hands.
I love that noise... I want it as a Ringtone
see this right here
is why in-game cutscenes are a bad idea
05ALL ABOARD THE CRAZY TRAIN
I want part of Smile Smile Smile is my ringtone on my phone :P
Wrek: WE!
Wrek: WHERE IS IT!
yay the crazy train
/me walks on crazy train
ALL BOARD
steam, why are you glitching out on me
*ABOARD
/me Takes control of the crazy train "MUHAHAHAHA!"
I've been thinking about this... Gordon does talk LESS than Link... Link at least can buy things and say "yes" or "No"
05mondo? SANTA MARIA!
i want pinkie's singing telagram
TEL'POR' FAIL
MahBoi777: All a-bored?
for my rigtone
lol, tread gordon like a child XD
Ponies47: there are websites to convert mp3s to ringtones, just google for em
xles: Lol
Is there an achievement for annoying them with the plug? :D
hen3ry: Hmm. I know what part of Smile Smile Smile I want. Night do that later down the road :P
*Might
it surely is loud :7
i doint trust teleporters
my current ringtone is the main guitar riff from FLCL's ending song.
brb
00,02this will all go well
00,02i'll teleport
00,02and nothing will go wrong
00,02brb
of course it will be fine
of course
My ringtone is RainbowCrash88's 8bit rendition of the parasprite polka...
Can't imagine anything happening to mess it up.
Phase4: yeah man...i mean look at how well alyx went through..
wow
that's the 3rd time steam has locked up
pudge? is that you?
eeyup
what do you expect, its sales time
back
steam is never stable this tme of year
:D ...:O what happend Pudgeotto
and I'm going to throw my computer out the window
Chrysalis: I'm not even useing the store
so?
hey Wrek any advice in how to do proper shadows on drawings ?
it all relys on the same set of servers
Pudgeotto: Have fun throwing your computer out your window ^^
heh
throwing it out n404
:P
Pudgeotto likes windows so much he put windows through his window
Pudgeotto where do you live and whats the window you will be thowing your Computer out of?
throwing*
Lil_B you dont want my computer
Season 3 clip, feel so excited.
it cant even run doom smoothly
Pudgeotto ... maybe...
MASF123: dont watch , spoilers
dont post spoilers here
Anypony know when Season 3 comes out?
or shizus ghost will raep you
next month
MASF123: August september
hopin next month
I'mma go back to sleep. night <3 :)
Pudgeotto: warnign him bout the spoilers in the season 3 clips
man... another Season 3 Song leaked...
05gona take another hour or so nap
Pudgeotto, I already saw 2 songs
its not leak...
night fillyfillyy
05once i get back i might stream some tribes
hi Wrek
MASF123: Just dont post them here
I think I'll stick to my strategy of not looking at ay leaks :)
Wrek: Tribes? thats awesome
Well this seems legit:
have a good rest Wrek
I can't post them anyway, it goe against the rule. Lol.
"Equip the pistol to be able to do damage when you cant!
"
that's what i'm sayin
umm
k then
same Lil_B
look at Phase4, creepin on us
leaks just ruin the supprise
05aye: the no spoilers isntaban rule is in effect
Wrek....tribes? oh that should be fun....hope you know how to land surf
2nd time I've spoiled a new episode of MLP is these video spoilers.
i dont mind
i mean it's not actually telling me what the episode is about
that's just me tho
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: use a slightly darker shade of the current color youre usng, make sur to pay attention to how a real shadow would contour on what your drawing, and remeber always use a seperate layer if your using a program
it give you an idea tho
05Pudgeotto: stell a spoiler, still covered by the rule
^What he said
no one's breaking any rules here :S
I gets me pumped though, I'm like why did this happen what did they mean by that song...
00,02mmmm
00,02food
stop with the spoilers ppl
055 days remaining
Spectrum_Rush|Zzz :p sounds good to bad i do hand drawing and can't color yet..
Pudgeotto: Of course we aren't cause we know good enough not to be dummies and post anythng about it
I don't spoil things, Goddamit.
Phase4 i has tacos
05MASF123: never said you did
05im jsut makign it perfectly clear
5 days till what?
05this place will be free of spoilers
08,01i have boulevard of broken dreams stuck in my head
Indeed it will.
05cratorkid: to the 19th :D:D:D
it already is perfectly clear. I saw kirzstryfe wave his ban noodle earlier
it was scary :(
Wrek: You probably going to also stream more drawing of the deus ex pony?
05killerpony7733: once im able to ^^
08,01as much as i hate greenday, they have 1 or 2 fantastic songs
Wrek: Good i really don't want to miss it so epic :)
08,01WREK!
05hai
BRAIN STEW
LAMARR
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: lite pencil strokes ithink is one way of doing it, though i'm a digital artist not traditional.
05i got an email regarding the buffey, wat do?
Spectrum_Rush|Zzz kk
08,01reply to it?
trippy
05with what?
08,01from our secretary, right?
05i failed to understand its point
I want Season 3...oh my gaw....
Crowbar time :3
11,02Happy Bastille Day everypony ^-^
05and yeah
happy what?
hai SuperBrony64
11,02Hai :3
@SuperBrony64, WTF?
let the impure blood water our fields!
SuperBrony64: hai and Wat?
I mean... fireworks yay
05the fun parrt about the 19th is that it'll be my 19th cycle of planetary rotation
SuperBrony64: What's Bastille Day :S
11,02It's French Independence Day :D
08,01well, i believe it only asks one question
oh
08,01so just put if you have any allergies or if youre vegetarian
SuperBrony64: Allons enfants de la patriiie
Crowbar of JUSTICE
French Revolution celebration.
crowbar? i prefer wrench
I didnt have any fireworks this year
25 more Basic-Tickets available for Galacon... I must speak to PONY immediately
because of this freaking drought
wrong way Phase
it's been 2 months no rain
Alors je peux parler français maintenant?
Pudgeotto come to the UK
There's a French Independence Day? :O
I wish
non
were having so much rain alot of the country is under flood warning
CrimsonPhoenix: hey dude :D
I'd rather pay in euros than $
Chrysalis: Or here in denmark we got quite random rain at times
Wrek wow
uhhh
i'm sick of $
SuperBrony64: I know silly :D
Salut Starflash
11,02Hugs ^-^
CrimsonPhoenix: I got 74% on the french final ^_^
/me hugs MadSurge :3
Wrek: Dayum
shoot her phase
MASF123: it's to celebrate the French Revolution. Independence from the monarchy, in a sense.
Starflash, très bonne note.
yeah.
08,01lil_b: i just acquired my galacon ticket
Hey Starflash! ^_^
Hey MahBoi777 :D
et SuperBrony64 je te défi d'ècrire une phrase en français, sans utilisé un traducteur.
Hugs SuperBrony64 :3
Starflash: how are you doing?:)
Hey everypony
La Marseillaise is a pretty badass song, especially for a country that traditionally gets made fun of for being... not so badass.
hey Very_Silly_Filly
hi Very_Silly_Filly
chat derp
how late is it for everypony?
wasnt that the guard where if you dont attack him
hen3ry, France is more bad-ass than you think
nealy 5 am here
11,02CrimsonPhoenix: Well, I can too :3
stops at the bottom of the stairs and does nothing
Next time I will have to try not to look up episode leaks. of MLP :(
CrimsonPhoenix: Je suis Francais, en heritage alors.
de France hen3ry?
Pudgeotto: you know we have the same time zone
it was a general question
11,02VIVA LA FRANCE!
Non, mais mon pere, oui.
MASF123 spoiler discussion is against the rules
to no one in particular
08,01lil_b: i certainly will
Killl, I mean live the french...? :)
Viva la Mexico
Duuuuude hen3ry nice
Pudgeotto: ya, think i might sleep tonight, not sure
There's an achievement for finishing Half Life 2 with only one bullet :D
i'm gettin there
MadSurge: how is that even possible?
hmm never knew Wr3k played Tribes Ascend
MadSurge is for one of the eps
11,02Or /Vive/ la France...since my French is rusty >>
So I speak a little. Can't spell it worth half a damn tho :D
I'm not dicussing it, but I certainly wish that I could. :'(
Haha
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: neither did i but god damn is it a good game :)
killerpony7733: surfing too long makes your fingers numb xD
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Not if you got hands that can take it
:P
Pudgeotto: use the crowbar and the gravity gun a lot. You need that single bullet to open a lock somewhere
I'm goign to bed guys. Talk to you all in a few hours.
good night AttackAndalite|Zzz
MadSurge: beating bosses with crowbars...god
gnight AttackAndalite|Zzz! sleep well^^
night AttackAndalite|Zzz
@SuperBrony64, your a French Brony? Born in the year of 1964?
08,01im currently on a train, hurtling across the scottish countryside
Pudgeotto: or other weapons that don't use bullets
god laptops are hard to play with no mouse
Ikr
^
^^
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Isn't that the true
I hate laptop keypads
I have a trackball specifically for my laptop...
08,01its cool because even though im in the bmiddle of effing n.owehre, i still get 3G signal
they don't even make this model anymore tho, so I'm gonna have a sad someday
08,01but whenever i go through a dunnel, or the verges are high, i need to reconnect, because the signal drops
11,02But yeah, so I tried to learn French but keep skipping out on classes and thus keep forgetting stuffs ;~;
08,01im heading to a pony meet in edinburgh
SuperBrony64, I can help you on your french
Ah ok
I can't speak spanish and my mom is from a spanish speaking country :P
MadSurge: You might get to meet me and a good deal of other bronystate people :)
:O VORTIGAUNT!
Hola, amigo/a que tal?
That's pretty much all the spanish I know
killerpony7733: I know, but I could use some extra money :P
why would anypony need a cordless trackball. The whole point of a trackball is it stays in one place...
hmm
stupid logitech.
08,01madsurge: unless we suddenly get 150 guests in the next ffew week, they won't 
silly Phase
08,01er, 150 attendees, even
MadSurge: True that, Right now i'm waiting for the bank to respond to if i actually got some dormant money around that i haven't gotten put into my main account
08,01# my shadows the only thing that walks beside me #
:O it's those ceiling things! *Half Life flashbacks*
I really wish I could go to a brony meet up :/
08,01heh, if we reach 600 attendees, ill allocate more tickets
o ya, they're called Barnacles
i remember now
08,01the venue can hold about double that
08,01just over 400
Thats pretty huge actually
that poor flamin combine.......
ikr
Ponies47: And like many others i'm with a high chance going to be there :)
08,01which is fantastic; i was hoping to reach 400 by the end of the month. to reach 400 with a month to go is b rilliant
killerpony7733: NO ME! :'(
*NOT
08,01anyhoos, another brony has just joined me
08,01see yall!
Ponies47: You will get to attend a con or meetup one day i'm sure :P
killerpony7733: I hope :(
MadSurge: Depends where you go i think
Phase4....have fun...im going to sleep....
night everypony
good night Shamroc
Night Shamroc
00,02NIGHT Shamroc
00,02lolcaps
CAPS
ITS FUN WITH caps
Phase4: Dat Cantorlock
night Shamroc
later Shamroc
/me yawns
i think i found one of the most dumbest comment left by a brony
what is it?
What?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: There are a lot of retarded Bronies out there
he said that a guy who got leukemia deserved it because he didnt love and tolerate ppl
wow
are you serious?
ya
-_(\
00,02wait
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: That is actually very stupid
Wrek?
00,02where do i go?
That's just sick -_-
Phase4: go under the tube
Silly Phase
wow
05every group of people, no matter wich one will always have a guaranteed dumbfuck.
but
^
05unless its a closed society
Phase4: go back to the end and crouch
Bronies were supposed to be different
05where there's a bit more control
05but even then chances are high
HL2??
yes oni_link
Wrek: Same goes with the very small but vocal minority of each fandom that people base their views on us on
Not HL2. Half-Life 2
whats going on?
But still, even if you're not a brony, there's something called being a decent human being
saying someone deserved to get leukemia is just inhumane and heartless
Whats going on today/tonight?
nuthin
Ohai oni_link
i mean besides some hate
But yeah, there are seriously some people out there that make be being a brony make me look like I made a big mistake
Half-Life 2 doing
hey oni_link
/me hugs Ponies47
hi cratorkid
:)
/me Hugs oni_link back
And to be fair, that kinda does envelop the haters
Ahhhh I remember this part, died like 4 times
Very_Silly_Filly: haters gonnna hate
Xaiden: ^
05humasn being decent human beings? laughable
Wrek: Agreed
00,02well i died
what does that make us then?
Hey wrek
Haters gonna hate? LIke my step brother an dbrother. There bother parasprites -_-
Very_Silly_Filly thats one of the resaons I prefer "Fan of MLP" :/
*and brother
Kill them
Being a decent human being mean you be happy they didn't kill you
*both
burn there house to the ground
BROHOOF
Well, you lot (as far as I'm aware) aren't complete arseholes, so I say no.
gnight bronystate! thanks for the stream Phase4!
Oki,im gonna to play NFS:PS
Wrek: Oh human nature such a joke in itself
*ProStreet
later MahBoi777
take care everyone
wrek
nite MahBoi777
oh ya, at the name of the retarded comment is " Join the Herd and be saved" Wth
Night MahBoi777
bye MahBoi777 :)
00,02night MahBoi777
end*
gnight MahBoi777 :3
~^-^~ <<Look, he's doing that wavy arm dance :3
People like that give us a bad name
/me hugs everyone
hmmm. 4:00 AM wondering if I should go to bed or not :P
naw
Nah
It's things like this make me give no wonder why haters well, hate
5 am here ondering same thing
/me Hugs MahBoi777 Back ^^^
i stay up till 6 p.m
wondering*
might go to sleep in an hour or so
might not
00,02ok
Pudge|Sleepy: ...
I'm planning on staying up late tonight with a friend
at this part of the level, Valve just wanted to show off their physics i htink
Pudge|Sleepy: Yeah and the small but super vocal and obsessive minority also makes it worse, Cause thats where people draw a stereotype on
00,02so 3 cinderblocks about balances the board
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: I stay up till 4:0 0AM or later. That is if I get caught by my mom. My dad doesn't mind what time I go to bed :P
cratorkid: :<
needs more rockets.
Pudge|Sleepy: its k :D
And lazers
05my little scout, friendship is BONK
:D
Silly Phase4 you need to do it fast
Scout is spy
ruuuuuunnnn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The pyro is a spy
Wrek: Dat Scout :P
That spy is not our spy!
00,02ok
uhh
The spy is a spy
the stream is a little behind the chat
00,02so 6 blocks achives about the same balance with gordon on the other end
00,02therefor
00,02freeman weighs 3 cinderblocks
Phase4: you dont need to achieve balance
therefore he weighs about 30 pounds.
hen3ry: lightest man alive
there for i dun really care
even if they're 20 pound cinderblocks, he only weighs 60.
oni_link: He does keep fat with all that running he does daily
Run Phase4
I weighted 60 when I was 10. :/
oni_link: Fit*
killerpony7733: I was about to say :D
11,02Night all ^-^;
So not only does he give about 0 fucks, can swing a crowbar 10 million times a second, he weighs 60 pounds
hen3ry: aww :(
night SuperBrony64|Zzz
bye SuperBrony64
I weigh 100 pounds roughly and I'm 15
night SuperBrony64|Zzz
nite SuperBrony64|Zzz
I was short and scrawny.
Night SuperBrony64|Zzz
/me hugs
oni_link: If i see somethign wrong with a sentence and and possibly the grammar i correct it quickly
oni_link: Something*
hello everypony
hi Texasboykc09
killerpony7733: I can see that haha
then I discovered beer. No, wait, that was later. :D
I has da same fin
oni_link: My little grammar, Correction is magic
:D
so dark
dose puns
Talking like dis only serves to anger so many
Pudge|Sleepy: ikr?
hey wrek are you still mad at me? cause i just got back from taking a shower
/me nods
a little late for me to laugh at them
kaboom
maybe in like 30 mins ill get it
Phase4: to your lef
left*
lol
pff
hahha
did phase almost kill himself?
My ears!
To your left, to the left, to the right, to the right
dat tootsie roll
Silly Phase
00,02well shit
you're screwed
Dat cover dun last long
wow
lol
you just need to add more rockets
how close can you get
pfff
lol
O__O
boom
wow how does he keep almost kiling himself?
lol
brb
Ded
what's phase4 playing
Half life 2 Texasboykc09
HL2
half life
00,02how am i failing so hard
minor latoration = 8 health
Phase4: ill guide you :3
how do you keep almost kiling yourself?
oh wait he's not playing Kerbal? Forget what I said about rockets then :3
Failing carefully
funny now Pudge|Sleepy didn't get corrected but I did.
*how
Back :P
oni_link: what?
Who is correcting grammar here?
Phase4: just keep to the left silly
Hey wrek
oh what'd you say?
/me moves Up and Down and All Around in his chair
I cant find your post
hey wrek
lol
p;fffff
again phase really?
Pudge|Sleepy: I said HL2, someone was like, you mean Half-Life 2.
lol silly phase
DED
Phase4: save the explosive barrels
HL2=Half-Life 2
Phase4: you'll need them for the next part
no difference
Pudge|Sleepy: I know. That's why I saild the shorter one :P
Lol
Dat naughty dari bot linking to spoilers galore
someponies are PURISTS around here
00,02Darkts3|Drawing|MLG, too late
Pudge|Sleepy: Say what now?
what?
That's pretty much normal.
AND HERE I WANTED TO SLEEP
who said what
Lil_B: Oh goodness :D
hmm well phase is possible ded
my pussy is such a fluffy cat
me too
I can't actually get email there, it's too full of spam
what?
fok
ok
it's all about aol
hello
hen3ry: I do too.
so what do I care if someone hacks it. Oh no, they might see all the Nigerian Princes who know me.
hey shmoopy
I use Gmail tbh.
Hotmail works just as well
ok whos using my username again as xxMoopyxx quit it
same. Although I really should start using my actual domain name xD
so Phase4, theres go to be a lot of manhacks coming through the door
going*
god i cant type today
I own my last name.com. (Advantages to having an unusual last name hehe)
hen3ry: where did you go for that?
haha
Well who ever did it stop using my user nickname dude just stop it please
oh jeez
00,02was distracted by stuff
xxMoopyxx: has an imposter?
shmoopy: What you do mean?
pudge:you can sleep now
?
no i cant
Bought it back when I was in business for myself.
you have my permission
i juiced myself up on caffiene
Now, I'm back in school because, well, epic fail.
I dont need permission :<
well somepony was using my user nickname and i coudn't connect to get back in the chat
umm
damnit, Amnesia: A Machine for Pigs is delayd until 2012 :(
i am soo going to hell
Pudge|Sleepy: only caffeine we got is tea, which is weaksauce
2013*
Lil_B: check the calend... oh
Monster :D
aka diabetes in a can
^^^ ftw
:D
00,02can that guy die?
Phase4: i think theres a ladder
shmoopy: You are xxmoopyxx right?
Phase4: nah
00,02also is that the right way to do it?
00,02with crowbar?
Phase4: i think i confused that part with another part
You must construct additional pylons
ya crowbars are the way to do it
Pudge|Sleepy: if my mum caught me with an energy drink she'd shed.mov me
Well yeah but somepony was using my user nickname cause i hate when it says that
cratorkid: is she one of those people who believe they are bad for the heart?
Yeah, someone was yesterday apparently
cratorkid: whoa, how come?
And now it's raining
00,02i hold down the crowbar button
00,02they die
00,02you cant explain that
being shed.mov'd. that's....not pleasant
Phase4: It's Gordon freeman, there's no explanation
but you just did Phase4
crowbar + force + skull usually is a good explanation.
yep hell for me
Pudge|Sleepy: you mean you've been forced to watch it?
Lol what I love the .mov series
moopy are ya here
Pudge|Sleepy: yea , and she says i have an abusive peronality (only with food adatives) she stopped buying soy sauce cuz i would use to much, but i got cash and i buy it myself secretly
Hahaha screw your rules, the Freeman never tires of swinging a crobar although he does get tired of running :D
i watched it on my own
Well im going to back out and retype my user nickname again i'll be right back
inb4 barnacles
brb
lol
cratorkid: jeez
Zambies!
YABBA, MY ICING
I just perfectly synced that manhack battle Ninja Gaiden NES 1 music :D
Ok there we go now
Pudge|Sleepy: if i rant about my mum ill die of exation befor i finish
lol
save your breath
don't let it happend to me ever again
my parents used to be overprotective
what changes
changed
they realize i'm a fully grown adult now
and I can make my own decisions
xxMoopyxx: It's a problem that happens when your chat crashes or something and you only refresh the chat and not the whole browser and freezes the user for a bit
so now they hire a PI to watch you, right?
Yay, Barnacles randomly appearing
with me, it was the same case as Pudge|Sleepy :P
oh ok so i can refresh it?
so you are 14, right? :P
Phase4: Here's a top, Barnacles die to 1 hit of a crowbar
/me points down at refresh button
yay, you got your nick back xxMoopyxx
thanks
i am 20 :S
xxMoopyxx: To avoid the user freeze and lock just refresh your whole browser
lol
:)
Pudge|Sleepy: so am I :O
ok dude
00,02that steam
lol
oh noo
Hehehe steam
steamed lobster
I hate steam
/me Is 14 :P
phase...steam burns.
Pudge|Sleepy: im still in hs , goin into junior , so i can understand my mum acting like this
whats this then?
Troll Manhack
rofl
its Half life 2 Flyboy
Ponies47: I be 17 almost 18 in about a month and a half ish
Cause i had to click the poput chat so that way on my screen looks alot bigger on my screen dude
cratorkid, once you graduate she should get off your back
cool
difinatle hell for me
yikes hes in a bad spot
Silly Phase4: go to your left theres a medkit
this is just as great as watching phase kill kerbals
phase4: stop killing yourself
00,02Darkts3|Drawing|MLG, i could not see that
please
AdamTheDuck: :D
killerpony7733: I'll be 15 this year. IN DECEMBER -_- And I 'm gonna be a wittle high school freshman this year :s
/me slow claps
Pudge|Sleepy: yeah , my plan - finidh hs, go to college move to vancouver
Ponies47: You'll live
Ponies47: Hehehe :)
/me pats Ponies47 on the head
/me Smiles at oni_link :)
Atleast i can begin making my own choices and what not once i turn 18
Ponies47: charter schools...much better than public
yay :)
because there are no asshats there
cash is good
killerpony7733: I know :(
Phase ded
Pudge|Sleepy: To bad. I go to public :(
(ﾉ◥▶◀◤)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧(ﾉ◥▶◀◤)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧ im back
and suddenly donkey kong fps
omg
Ponies47: my advise , work you tail off in hs it will effect the rest of your life
00,02goddamnitslowweaponswitch
it is donkey kong :)
cratorkid: O.O
DUN dun dun DUN dun dun DUN dun DUN dun dun dun
would be fun to play HL2 coop with Phase :3
RAAAAAHN
Pudge|Sleepy: Glad I wasnt the only one who thought that :P
Ponies47: yup
pff
Now I'm scared :s
dude
DED
STOP KILLING YOURSELF
Silly Phase needs to get rdy for the barrels
Pfftt hahaha
lmao
There you go
Im going to bed everypony i'll be better in a good mood ok so a g night everypony and thanks killer pony
night xxMoopyxx
Ponies47: Just dont take your last two years granted. Thats all I have to pass on to you.
good night xxMoopyxx
Night xxMoopyxx
good night moopy
eeyup
Bye xxMoopyxx
oni_link: Ok then
oh and senior year is goin to be cake Ponies47
if you play your cards right you'll only have like 2 classes
Pudge|Sleepy: Easy cake?
Ponies47: dont be , join a club , dont drop out , and do you god damn home work
^ ^ ^ ^
Ponies47: not as hard as it sounds
easy and nummy cake
Phase4 is so bad at this :D
hmm first buffer
I needs to go to college :I
stream lagged
MadSurge: he never played HL2 before
cratorkid: Okie doki loki
:D Ponies47
But I'm still nervous :s
00,02MadSurge, ikr
Phase is doing sorta better than Wrek
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Yeah wreky was dying left and right :D
My brother is a jerk. He keeps saying I'm bucked in highschool and I'm gonna be a drop out. He just thinks he's better then me -_-
Don't be sad Phase4, I'd probably be worse at it than you :D
Don't know what to go for. I thought I was going to be a Automotive engineer, but I suck at math. I have a passion for music and Video Games and I don't do anything with that. :I
Ponies47 i was in 9th grade last school year and it wasnt bad
Ahhh this room
oni_link: do you make your own music?
Texasboykc09: Still my brother is a jerk -_-
Phase4: if you go into the vent them manhacks came from, there should be a cache
Pudge|Sleepy: At the moment, I just do 8bit stuff. But I have basic music knowlegde. I am also a drummer.
try to become a video game music composer?
00,02had to google stuf
i see that
Ponies47 i have people that are jerks, but dont let that stop you
Phase4: why?
00,02cause
Ponies47: normal , so is everybody else, tip, friends are easy if ur in a club or sport, remember, you are a freshmen, not a big-dog 8th, so dont bother a senior, unles your in one of those anti bully law schools where they file a police report if you so much as look at someone funny
My friends told me I should but I just never acted on it. I guess I should give it a try though. What exactly does one major in to do that though?
Insert Epic song
oni_link: I'm not sure to be honest. :S
Texasboykc09: My brother just thinks he's better then me. Yeah and I'm the brother who had to repeat algebra twice -_-
oni_link: not really my field i'm more of a programmer
how come the only 2 games on steam that I want right know have no Pricedrop?
IKR
what games?
Phase4: theres a bunch of objects down below
Phase4: use the crowbar to set them free
Pudge|Sleepy: Hmm... I guess I can study Music Theory and become a Producer / Composer.
dang stream lag
Ponies47 i know alot of people that are like that
mornin' bronystate
welll.. both games are only for Pre-order XD so its obvious why they have no pricedrop XD
Good Morning DrGanjalf
hi DrGanjalf
morning Ganjalf
Hello DrGanjalf
morning DrGanjalf
oni_link: there ya go :)
Lil_B: what games are you talkng abut?
Pudge|Sleepy: thanks :3
Pudge|Sleepy: Dark Souls and Legend of Pegasus
good mornong DrGanjalf
cratorkid: Oh I knwo. I'm not playing any sports or doing any other actives or clubs I think there a waste of time. Also I'm not telling ANYONE I'm a brony until I've settled down and made friends and such.
*know
oh yeah not gonna find those marked down
Ponies47: Just have fun with the school activities.
hi guys i dident say hi becuse i fell a sleep at my keyboard :P
well bronystate im getting off, going to read a chapter or two of game tof thrones and try to sleep befor the sun is fully up
play football!
Ponies47 Im like that
oni_link: There a waste of time to me -_-
bye cratorkid
Night cratorkid
bye cratorkid
hello ducky
Night cratorkid
good night cratorkid
Hush now quiet now it's time to rest your sleepy heads
Ponies47: That was my metality on it but seriously, you look back on it alot.
night cratorkid
go away sweetiebot
or was it lay your sleepy heads?
/me brohoofs everypony
right back at ya cratorkid :P
/me brohoofs cratorkid back
oni_link: Meh. I never did any sports and such for middle school. The same is gonna go for high school -_-
football?
cratorkid: You do it like tis /)
Phase4: to your right theres a ammo crate
Pudge|Sleepy: NEVER! :[
why not? :(
great my stream is 1 minute behind
Pudge|Sleepy: I suck at all sports :(
Ponies47: Nah, I dont meant sports. I mean like school picnics, and field trips. things of that sort :P
Ponies47 you are like me
I'm a pretty skinny guy buy i'm an awesome receiver
that last part, that's what she said?
no
just no
lol xD
oni_link: Pfft. I never went to any of those either! :d
he killed a guy :(
YABBA, MY ICING
Ponies47: you are like me pretty much hehe :P
YIKES
HEADCRABS
one last comment - all competetive sports suck, besides hockey , go canucks
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: He "put him out of his misery"
Phase4: toxic water is bad, mmkay
NO
FOOTBALL TEH BEST
Pudge|Sleepy: I'm a pretty big person (tall and such) but I suck at sports I know the football ocach is gonna annoy the buck outta me trying to make me join. NO WAY! :[
I never played Horror games or scray games before so these Zombies with their noises really scared the shit out of me when I first heard them... and iw as 18 XD
Behind you Phase.. nvm
Ponies47: okay okay...calm down. :$
Wth where did that zombie come from
he was under the water
oni_link: The only thing I went was the 8th grade graduation cermony. And I didn't want to go. But I was forced to -_-
Can't wait till he gets the chopper gun on the airboat
i wonder if Phase will get stuck
Pudge|Sleepy: Ok then :P
reveres driving like a boss
I really want my knee to get better, I need to get back to skating and drumming. I miss it all so much. I also got bigger... I need to run. Well I can run with a knee brace on but I've been making excuses for too long.
Now do it all backwards!
I'm just a huge football fanatic is all
Beat the game backwards!
Ponies47: I was soo like that, this is really trippy.
Phase4: you gotta get off the boat to open the gate
This is the greatest driving I've seen in a while
I find football boring IMO, I prefer motorsports
I hated the boat sections
how
00,02Darkts3|Drawing|MLG, i like how i figure it otu during the lag XD
Vinco: not sure if joking or serious
Phase4: Damn Lag
at least he can't hurt anyone like in L.A. Noire
oni_link me too
inb4 G-Man sighting
00,02Pudge|Sleepy, i'm having fun with ti so far
oni_link: Neither am I
Phase4: hold it down
oni_link: I didn't have that much fun. It was boring and then I had to go to a dance after the cermony. The dance was ok. -_-
Anyone ever heard of the Kickboat Saga? :D
Phase4: I can see that by your driving skills :D
Driving boat on a solid ground! Like a Doctor!
meh forget this, ima go draw
00,02they realy like showing off their physics engine
of course derp
Ponies47: seperated at birth :D jk.
oni_link: That's not funny -_-
What is this
more crates
you guys are like brothers
G-MAN!
that gives a whole new meaning to the word brohoof
Ponies47: The likeness I share with your school experiences just caught me by surprise. :P
aww you missed him...
lolwut
Pudge|Sleepy: /) to that brother
oni_link: I know you we're joking. But yeah :P
Not sure what just happened there
Phase amazes me with his driving skills xD
SUPPLIES
Vinco: he tried a somersault :P
I suck at all sports. PERIOD -_-
killerpony7733: Huh?
Physics Time
guize
Pudge|Sleepy: I put up a /) hoof for ya? :)
oni_link, I guess that makes sense.
hai XAXpc
Who's played Pony Adventures on the hub website?
ponier47 Just like me
Ponies47: I do too, but I play with friends now because I play to have fun :)
Go underwater!
killerpony7733: oh /) is a hoof :D
XAX... i have... its lots of fun
oni_link: I really didn't have friends in middle school :(
Pudge|Sleepy: You do a brohoof like /) or (\
Midnight_Tempest: it actually, suprisingly, is ._.
and telling poeple I was a brony made it worse -_-
lol
MUCH WORSE -_-
XAX: 8bit is always awesome
killerpony7733: oh i see then (\.
Ponies47: Wow... Are you sure we aren't alternate dimension twins or something?
lol phase
Pudge|Sleepy: and for a connecting brohoof /)*(\
oni_link: Maybe we are :P
backerds drivin
Ponies47: I didnt either. I was the black sheep of my class. I was stuck with them all throughout middle school.
SPLAT
Woo! Freeman up in this bitch!
Midnight_Tempest: diamond dogs was easy. You just spammed attack at them ._.
Also cache right there
omg
00,02kept missing the cragte
/me is mindbucked by Ponies47
XAX: indeed
Phase4: O_O
oni_link: Same. I hated pretty much everybody. I hope that turns around in high school -_-
-_-
Phase4: if you look at that screen over there you see G-Man
oni_link and Ponies47: middle school sucked for me too
lol Phase
dat backerds drivin
Ponies47: that's what happened to me in high school :D
00,02i'm ded
MadSurge: I hope it happens for me :s
again
Lol wut?
Ouch
NNNUUUUUUU!!!
dat pole
00,02um
Ponies47: I had no friends in middle school but things really got better in high school
Perharps Phase4 should get the Gordon Kick mod :D
00,02there we go
phase you done goofed
Pudge|Sleepy: *Bronyhug*
Phase4: how far are you than on this stream?
/me hugs Unicron_lover back
Pudge|Sleepy: Yeah. I hope that happens for me. I had nobofy to hang with in middle school :(
Ponies47: If its like how it was for me, it will be and you shouldnt ignore those people that make an effort to befriend you. I know I had this period where I was putting up a wall due to bad experiences but then I saw that they were genuinely trying to be my friend.
my dady never huged me
/me hugs therainbowvortex
/me hugs ALL the ponies
yay for bronyhugs
I'm a duck :(
yay i got huged
now i want a pony hug
When I had to work with other classmates I felt left aout and felt liek I shouldn't be here working with em :(
aww, thanks Unicron_lover :3
/me hugs
Midnight_Tempest: discord is a challenge D:
hugs pudgelsleepy
Phase4: you gotta get off the boat and climb the ladder
Ponies47 im always like that
PONY HUG :)
XAX: yeah, but not that bad
http://cdn.derpiboo.ru/media/BAhbBlsHOgZmSSIkMjAxMi8wNi8yNC8wN18yMl81Ml83NjVfMTgyNzFfXwY6BkVU/18271__safe_pinkie-pie_animated_human_hug_artist-technaro_once-ler_onceler.gif
oni_link: I see. So don't be like Twilight in the first episode in MLP FiM :P
Ponies47: Dude, I know that feel . Seriously. And honesly, if there was a place like this I could go to back then, I would have had better time sooner.
You gatta find your way in Phase4 :D
And yeah :)
Pudge|Sleepy is that a boy or a girl?
oni_link: yeah
Pretty sure it's a boy
Ponies47: You'll be fine, ignore the obvious dicks of your populous and you should be fine. Don't be afraid to interact :$
Pudge|Sleepy: awww :) but please use the DerpyMe site if the link is that long
dose any pohn
oni_link: I can be a real Fluttershy sometimes :(
dose any ponie know when the next ep of mlp comes out
MadSurge: sorry will do in the future
00,02therainbowvortex, nope
therainbowvortex: NEVER!
somewhere in fall 2012
i think people said around august or october
Ponies47: Be like newer Fluttershy :P
heheh
*coughs* next month *coughs * maybe
when season 3 comes out my life will be complete
scream ateverypony
oni_link: No. I'm like older Fluttershy :(
u mean... G1-3?!?!? D:
3 flutter shy emotes but only 1 rainbow dash emote
what never :'(:(:(
what is this...
hey everypony!!!
ohai
Ponies47: I seriously know that feel. You just have to open up over time. Its different for everyone.
hey PrincessLuna
Your majesty! *Bows down towards PrincessLuna*
hey PrincessLuna
hi PrincessLuna
oni_link: I don't know if I can or not. I have always been very shy :(
dat stream is getting further and further behind
so many people asking about the new season... i find it silly
^
i still on deployment, in Greece now
00,02imagine behing that guy
00,02the one who shot me
Ponies47: Find people who share your interests. talk to them about those interests. and in time, you will feel more comfortable with talking with people.
Phase4... your stream is so far behind XD
00,02ikr
it really is
oni_link: Don't really have that many intrests thats the problem. I pretty much have no talent at all :(
like
PrincessLuna: What branch are you in?
Navy :)
Ponies47: Is there something you want to try?
its like we're watching a badly buffering youtube vid and chatting about random things :P
PrincessLuna: Oooh! I send my thanks to you :)
Pudge|Sleepy: Sorta what streaming is tbh :D
oni_link: Not that I could think of. Like I said I pretty much hate doing anything that's gonna make me waste my time
killerpony7733: haha in some cases yes :D
hey guys
hey alexxm
Ello there.
/me Hugs alexxm "Hi!"
Ponies47: But is there anything that you dont see as a waste of time or anything you think you will have fun with?
hey alexxm
any canadians in here?
oni_link: I have no idea :(
hey Pudge|Sleepy Malavolent Ponies47 and Texasboykc09 how are you doing
alexxm!!!
alexxm: Fine thank you. It's 5:00 AM here :P
alexxm good
hey PrincessLuna how've you been
alexxm: sleepy, but otherwise great
just need to go to bed soon
so busy :(
Ponies47: Well for me, I am a Metalhead first and foremost. And I really like music. So my obvious choice was to sign up for a music class. And alot of my friends are musicians, and people who were in my classes.
worst time to freeze...
Suddenly, DED.
good bye every pony
I'm doing well alexxm, how about you?
bye therainbowvortex
night
Im going back to bed..might be up again toward mid day
oh hey PrincessLuna havent seen you in a while
i'm good Malavolent
00,02oh yeah
00,02forgot i was opening a door
oni_link: Like I said. I have no idea what I like or what my talent was. I bet if I was a pony I would still be a blank flank :(
*talent is
uea ive been deployed :(
Ponies47: There has to be at least one thing you want to do. :) you probably just overlook it
PrincessLuna: what are we even doing there anymore =_=
oni_link: Not that I could think of. I'm just not sure :(
Ponies47: You still have alot of time, I think it will come to you when the time is right. Just be patient.
So I watched the MLP Panel and I must say, there was a lot of stupid question
spray fire is best fire
sitting on our hands :/
and none of them cleared something iimportant
oni_link: I hope :(
Ponies47: Try learning new things.
well im off, thanks for stream Phase4
CrimsonPhoenix what sort of questions would you have asked
Ponies47: Like the mask salsesman in Ocarina of Time said, "Just have faith." :)
bye Spectrum_Rush|Zzz
00,02LATER Spectrum_Rush|Zzz
00,02lolcaps
00,02again
yeah I'm gonna head out too. Good night everypony. :)
bye Spectrum_Rush|Zzz
There's a rumor about season 3 having only 13 episode, is this true?
lol silly Phase4
bye Pudge|Sleepy
nite
Malavolent: hmmm. Problem is I think everything else but computer is pretty much a waste of time. IT'S TRUE I DO HAVE PROBLEM! :'(
that rumor has been bugging me for quite a while
*Everything else is a waste of time
I don't know of anything when it comes to season 3.
CrimsonPhoenix are they doing any more panels
I don't think so. Well not in Comic-Con
Ponies47: Aha! Computers. theres your answer.
oni_link: ok then :(
because they do have other product to advertise
oni_link: No. Not working on em. Just using em. Like Internet and such :(
Ponies47 What are your hobbies? What do you do in your free time?
"Close your eyes," they said. "Just for a second," they said.
00,02i think i know the problem
AdamTheDuck: Don't have any hobbies :/
Kammerjunk: What? O.O
oni_link: I fell asleep, is my point.
Ponies47: There has to be something you like, everyone has something.
...He likes ponies?
00,02settings were all wrong
oni_link: Not that I could think of :(
Kammerjunk: I TOTALLY misunderstood. I have a filthy mind sometimes... Sorry.
oh
my
Ponies47 what about computer games?
Yeah like somebody is gonna be friends with some who likes MLP right on the spot -_-
ded
AdamTheDuck: Don't play em that much
Ponies47: Well that should come up later on when you know this person better.
Ponies47: Basically, anything you do for fun on a regular basis that isn't working towards a later goal.
is the stream still lagging for anyone else?
oni_link: That's what I was planning to do. Get to know each other and then tell em
AdamTheDuck: Yup.
so much buffers
AdamTheDuck me too
Ponies47: Shoot, if I had FiM back in highschool, I would have been an open brony and sooner.
Kammerjunk: I really don't do that much. I just sit around at home alot and chat with you guys and such.
/me hugs Kammerjunk.
that is what I do to waste time..
Hallo~
What's going on in here now?
Bored
Hugging is uncomfortable.
Sorry.
oni_link: It took me a few months to finally start telling poeple
'S all cool.
so everyone else is getting the lovely buffer quite a bit as well?
XAX yes we are
i am
XAX yeah we all are
XAX yep
It really is, though. I don't know how to act is social situations.
Ponies47: I still need to find a way to tell my parents.
oni_link, best advice, don't talk about it
Kammerjunk, I'm the same way
I presume my parents already know. I set the family PC wallpaper to a poni wallpaper slideshow
just watch it and do what you want
CrimsonPhoenix: really? why though?
oni_link: My mom knows. Shes cool with it. I haven't broke the news to my dad yet atleast,
I didn't really tell my parents. Didn't seem like a big deal.
Why would you actively tell anyone unless they ask ....
just don't confess like you would if you would be gay or something
most people could not care less
I guess they found out when I had an MLP poster on my wall.
just think about it you're confessing about watching a cartoon
CrimsonPhoenix: hahahah XD im sorry but that made me laugh. and i wont.
a cartoon
I have 2 pony shirts and alot my stuff ponyfied. So yeah. :P
you know how silly it sounds
CrimsonPhoenix: Yeah, I watch cartoons anyway, and they don't give a damn.
it's like HEH I'M WATCHING SPONGEBOB SQUAREPANTS
CrimsonPhoenix: Its not as big of a deal as its made out to be pretty much huh :D
exactly
I tried to draw on my iPad. It did not turn out well at all
it's not like you're gay or something, it's a cartoon and you should act as if you're watching any other cartoon
I don't think I can confidently keep merch and clothing though. I
just don't.
if they question just say, it's a damn good cartoon
00,02k
00,02something else time
I'm still a bit nervous about telling me dad but on sunday we are going to the theme peak and I'm gonna be wearing my DJ PON-3 shirt if he asks, well I guess I shoudl just tell him :/
CrimsonPhoenix: Which it is
The reason it's considered a big deal of sorts, however, is that society as a whole will inevitably judge you for liking that show.
I had a McDonalds Pinkie Pie clipped to my school bag for like... a month.
CrimsonPhoenix: So far it hasnt come up. I dont think ill rock the boat then.
+Phase4 bastion time?
XAX: hmm?
*park
Phase needs to play Zombie Escape on CSS :(
00,02thing is i want to play riven
00,02but shizu streams that
The only reason I stopped hanging it from my bad is because someone stole the clip -_-
Ponies47, just dont say I'm a brony
hanging it from my bag*
just say something like "I enjoy the cartoon, so what"
I watched a video of a guy telling his dad. I think his dad thought it was a joke.
CrimsonPhoenix: My guess is. He's gonna get the parody of DJ PON-3 an djust ask me who bought it and where did I get it.
*and just
CrimsonPhoenix is right. Just say something along the lines of what he said. Be causal and don't make a scene. That pretty much is the theme I am getting
Why do you want to tell people
oni_link got the idea
just answer him honestly and just say you enjoy the show
CrimsonPhoenix: awesome. I feel more confident now.
Good to know I'm not the only one who didn't say anything because it wasn't such a big deal.
Here's my story
I think its only a big deal if we make it so.
CrimsonPhoenix: You are always filled with such good advice. Now I feal better :)
However, I still carry a few USB sticks around for whenevera anyone asks about the show.
I watched the show, save tons of shit about it in my computer, I BOUGHT Brushables
You know, music, art, couple of episodes.
Kammerjunk is a recruiter :P but thats cool.
put them in front of my tv they notice it, they asked why I bought these and I just answered.
Ah like helpin' the pony folk.
The show is awesome and I support them for it
I love this community ^_^
then they were like ok
The only pony merchandise is 2 shirts. Thats it :P
Phase4 the stream keeps biffering
Yup
buffering
00,02not sure i can fix that
00,02happens this time of night
the only merch i have is an appljacl and rainbow dash brushie
I have 2 Dashie shirt and a Luna shirt. I also have all of the Mane 6 from Toys'r'Us EXCEPT FOR APPLEJACK.
Geez, All it all it's still just a cartoon, but with ponies. I also watch AT, which BTW, should be far more parental-concerning.
I can never find Applejack, seriously.
I have a McDonalds Applejack toy that I bought before I was a fan as a joke but now I don't know what too do with it.
AJ out of stock?!
Unacceptable
00,02hmmmm
And here I thought she was underrated.
Kammerjunk, internet
Kammerjunk: Wait you can find MLP FIM toys at Toys'r'US here in denmark?
I has nopony toys what so ever just 2 shirts
00,02not sure if reboot and try from linux
CrimsonPhoenix: Yeah, but Denmark.
that's how I got my rarity
00,02or do something else in windows
I'm in Canada
killerpony7733: Yup. There's one not far away.
Need opinion
Phase4: what can you do in windows?
00,02could play ksp but its abit of a time sink
Alpha-Omega what on
Well, from me anyway.
In Sjælland.
Kammerjunk: Might check that :D
00,02oni_link, games, thats about it
Story
05what game should i play?
Phase4: Anyone you want to play in particular?
Oh hi, Wrek.
Alpha-Omega whats it about
00,02Wrek, you wana take over?
I bought Twilight figurine in McD, but then send it to guy who desperatly wanted it. Fail?
05wasnt shizu in line?
Wrek what games do you have
00,02shizu's asleep
05sure
DrGanjalf: Not in the least.
Fanfic
DrGanjalf: I wanted to do that with my Applejack toy but now... Not sure if I should keep.
05update the streamer thing and ill take over
Wrek: You said you were going to possibly play tribes?
05killerpony7733: i was but i cant get it to connect
I was a brony when they had the MLP toys at Mcdonalds but I was to scared to go in there and get em :/
Wrek: Damn :(
Well, at least i got Pinkie>.>
Hmm
what about some SCP? lol
hmm
05i miss shy pinkie and rarity from the MCDnlds toy line
05got 2 cheerlie though
Ponies47: They don't say anything when you get em. I got my Applejack fairly easy. Although at the time, I bought it as a joke.
oni_link: I see. Like I said I was a brony but I chickened out :/
I also got RD, but they made her look worst
You know are they still selling those blind bags?
Honestly the offcial *hasbro* toys are not that good compared to some fan mades
...I literally made the best "proud stroll" I could do in a Dashie shirt. Friend of mine works there, so she just gave me Fluttershy and Twilight.
official*
Ponies47: After being a part of bronystate and getting into the show more, I feel more confident.
You guys seriously are the best <3
You're the best around!
Nothin's gonna ever keep you down!
:D
05*squee*
oni_link: I had the ponies in this chat by my side whe nI told my mom. Everypony here is so helpful :)
*when I
/me wishes he had bigger arms to hug everypony
DrGanjalf: Do want.
Ponies47: aw :3
05ok jsut gona config this and im ready to go phase
Tribes Time?
oni_link: eeyup :3
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Nope wreks tribes is being a silly filly and not working for him
I want a Twilight plushie, but shipping, man.
hmm
ponibas: blind bags?
Tribes is buggy
i mean Ponies47 *face hoof*
Tab fail oni_link? :P
the**
eeyup
good morning everyone
CrimsonPhoenix: Intresting.
Hey BronyInstrumental
You guys know the trick to blind bags right?
hello BronyInstrumental
they should be on every toys 'r' us
Alpha-Omega_: Yeah there's a number on the bag
Alpha-Omega_: I haven't a clue.
Kk
Alpha-Omega_: You have to look
I'm not even sure how blind bags work.
I know
Hell, I'm not even sure I can get blind bags.
I want them but I want a plushie more
And stream is up
well i just wanted to say hi, i must go now
What is a blind bag?? I am confuse
CrimsonPhoenix: Problem is the Toys R us is not close by me :P
yay streams
05there we go
Kewl Episode 1
:3
Ep1 hell yeah
To be honest, I didn't really play the episodes a lot of times.
Twice, at the most.
Episode 2 was the best
I'm just gonna try to continue my story
Yup.
well i'm off, night everyone
Sweet dreams, AdamTheDuck.
Kammerjunk: I oddly enough started out with EP1 then got myself HL2 and EP2
hmm 5:30 AM. Maybe I shoudl hit the hay :/
episode 3 is my fav *trollface*
night AdamTheDuck
LA
Kammerjunk: I got really hooked on the games back then
R.I.P Robert Culp
05disclaimer: never played the episodes, only played the first in the hl2 series
05so no spoilers
05of any kind
05anywhere
and suddenly no sounds?
Oh.... I have an applejack but I JUST opened it...
Wrek: Not spoiling anything
copy that
woah, actually it's the opposite, blindbags are big in europe but there are some in the US
wrek i will say just this.....they are AWESOME
CrimsonPhoenix: dawwwwwwwwww :(
Ponies47: That's what I was thinking at 5:30 AM. Then I could be arsed walking all 1 metre to my bed.
I paused stream so I don't see spoilers.
I think they sell them at Walmart
Inb4 awesome alyx hug and awkwardness
hmm no suit zoom?
there it is xD
Morning everypony :)
Morning MegaMoonShine
/me Is going to bed now
Good Night Ponies47
GOOD NIGHT EVERYPONY :)
Um... night Ponies47 :)
I just realised I only remember one part from EP1 and EP2.
And Morning MegaMoonShine :3
Bye Ponies47
night ponies47
and they are available at walmart
Kammerjunk: I pretty much memorised all three games
Wtf. This toy is missing a hat. :I Applejack doesn't have a hat.
MegaMoonShine Morning
lol
oni_link: Oh, it's THAT Applejack.
/me waves to Darkts3|Drawing|MLG and Texasboykc09
Kammerjunk: Yeah. No me gusta.
i want a Mobile Tv Antenna
I want Dog.
oni_link, sadly yeah Applejack doesnt come with hat accessory
6:30 am? Looks like I'm going to bed now. Goodnight everyone.
dat dog antenna
me too actually
head is killing me
And then no one understood what the hay Kleiner said.
CrimsonPhoenix, same here
Dunno if you can call that "goodbight", but ok Vinco :)
Kammerjunk: I actually understand he says :$
Gabe probably used a Real Scientist Voice Actor
some beep beep before sleep though
killerpony7733: It's all Greek to me.
CrimsonPhoenix: Its because of that darn head clip...
She NEEDS that hat in my opinion
I mean, the words make sense individually, but as a whole, it's just Greek.
MegaMoonShine, haha. I guess it's good morning.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Actually nope hes a very good VA the guy who voices kleiner plus it's all script they read not something they know and make up
heaf clip?
Vinco: Yeah :D
head**
see ya people
Bye Vinco
bye Vinco
Ok I got enough of beep beep CMC
Ok bed now! :P
good night
Bye again :D
What have I got myself into? Now I don't feel right seeing Applejack's tail all over the place
Dog is oatmeal.
Stupid DOG!
You make me look bad!
hmm a van in the middle of nowhere with a girl near you...
ooooooogahboogabooga
i like Dog's Thinking
Trust me, i'm a robot.
Beep boop i am a robot
We're gonna go for a ride on the magic bus! Yaaaaay!
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
roller coaster times
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
AGAIN!
half life 2: the ride
^
Make it happen!
erm
got to go now bye everypony
bye
bye Texasboykc09
Bye Texasboykc09 :)
bye Texasboykc09
bye
So this is, episode 1?
Get out of here, stalker.
^
yes pony_4451
Kammerjunk: I said come in don't stand there
Kk, i didnt know people were here without any episodes showing lol
Its a G4 toy in they style of G3. WAT.
pony_4451: Cause we aren't just here for episodes?
pony_1471: Pony episodes are streamed each Friday at 7 PM EST and Saturday at 2 PM EST in the BronyState Movie Night and Eurostream respectively.
pony_4451 a brony can't live on just ponies
Kammerjunk: Wrong ping
killerpony7733: God dammit. It keeps happening.
Kammerjunk: Kinda why i check who i ping 99% of the time
Bah, doesn't matter. He up and left.
Life is too short for checking!
Speaking of mortality, I get the feeling YOLO is just a silly name for "Carpe Diem".
is it buffering for anyone else
Not here.
alexxm: Nope mines running a okay
Not for me
Hehehe this part
ded
Ded
Oh right, this part. I did not like this part.
ded. D-E-D ded
I like wreks style of running head first into things :)
for some reason i just got disconnected from the server
No wait, it's the next part I don't like.
I think. It's been a long time.
alexxm: Your internet may be acting up?
killerpony7733 it's still working
Oh right this,
Oh yeah, this part does not look good!
This is how i love how valve do their story
R.I.P Robert Culp
I sense a shi*storm approaching. Close friends arent aware I like MLP, know I kept AJ toy, just unwrapped it, put it in plain sight next to my Master Cheif helmet on my TV shelf and is shi**ing bricks.
Dat mind attack
They come tomorrow or after...
Wrek don't care 'bout no advisors.
^
Speanking about brainfuck...
Oh ho ho ho.
Keep cool, oni_link I'm soure it'll all work out :)
05btw did you guys read the news about HL3 being canceled indefinetly becasue the voice actor of gordon freeman died?
sure*
Oh you.
Wrek: :'(
Wrek: *GASP*
Wrek: Yep no HL3 for any of us
oni_link you should see the shitstorm that happens whenever my friend uses his laptop it has an image of the mane 6 as its wallpaper
MegaMoonShine: Lets hope so :(
alexxm: is he a non brony?
Wrek: No kidding?
Yay here comes super grav gun
You Dont Say Alyx
oni_link he is a brony but his other friends aren't
physics gun :)
oh
my
Wait, Gordon Freeman had a voice actor?!
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Big headed wankah?
MegaMoonShine: thatsthejoke
MegaMoonShine: It was a joke and a sarcastic one at that
alexxm: yikes
Oh Wrek you troll :D
MegaMoonShine: You cought onto it late bud
:P
killerpony7733: Yep, gone full slowpoke mode
Alright, i'm hopping off the PC.
gordon freeman voice actor is the same one for link and chell so no mor portal or zeldas
Night guys.
Oh no, I was wrong again. It's not this part I hate.
That's okay, I've never played a Zelda game.
Ever.
I don't even know if I own a Wii. I might!
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: There will Always Be Zelda.
Kammerjunk: Theres several annoying/scary parts in EP3
bye XAX
Always.
Kammerjunk: EP1*
derp
^ ^ ^lol
killerpony7733: I don't even know what I was thinking about anymore. It's all such a long time ago.
Kammerjunk: Yeah been a few years since i play the games full on, But i have a full memory on most parts of the game
The only thing I do remember is Alyx being a silly filly and then another thing I shan't speak of because spoiling spoilers are spoiling.
Hey Kammerjunk!
Hey MadSurge!
I wish I could play Half-life 2. Weak laptop is weak
Oh. Right. This moment.
I do not like this part.
MadSurge: I still know that feel and hello by the way :P
Yeah sometimes you can't catch the debris only just before it actually hits
yes! I connected to Bronystate from Linux!
Aaaand ded.
lol
Like that for example
Ded
It just slams before he even can catch it
That's cool LilB :)
ded
Good job LilB!
MegaMoonShine: You know what? My friends are anime fans who buy and wear merch, I have nothing to fear. thanks for the pep talk :)
ded
Wrek: Try to catch rather then shoot away with that one
oni_link: I'm sure they will understand then :)
the dentist saw something in my mouth....it was pain!!
im counting :3
"I'm the D to the E-A-D. M-ortality. And ain't no other mod can stream it down like me."
lol
LOL
MegaMoonShine: I feel relieved. Thank you so much. :$
hah
Wrek glitched the object XD
MegaMoonShine MadSurge zeah, but only via virtual machine, I haven|t installit it yet XD and its slow as hell because I only gave it 512MB of RAM to work with... and I have to quit it nowXD
BUCK THE SYSTEM
dat is one in a million chance of that happening
Kammerjunk: he's Wrekalicious.
men
^ ^ ^ LOL
meh* xD
"It's not a bug. It's a feature."
I totally keep mistaken "sparat" for "ridit".
DrGanjalf: fun bugs are always welcome.
mistaking* räddade*
Kammerjunk: I always for some reason prefer my games in english despite it having danish for optional
Hello
killerpony7733: Ditto.
/me is watching retsuprae on YouTube
Hello Brony4Eva :)
Dat dark matter core
killerpony7733: italian dubs are mostly decent at least :D
wich half lif is this?
killerpony7733: its like when people watch anime in Japanese.
I do that
which*
Brony4Eva: Ep1
MadSurge: Danish has no voice dub but you can have mostly danish text all around
I think :S
ok
Dat romance
:$
hothothothothot
Alyx totally has the hots for Gordon.
^Duh
I have my tv on and I'm not even watching it.
Crowbar has the hots for Gordon
^ ^ ^
welp i just got disconnected again
^
Well, you can't deny his beard.
By Gordon's Beard!
Kammerjunk: And his MIT education
What tool wouldnt wanna have gordon's babies?
Yeah, that too.
RED SCREEN
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Probably the saw. That bastard hates just about everyone.
...I don't even know what I'm talking about anymore!
Kammerjunk: You must be going crazy then :O
Quite possibly.
and now spam
Dat rapid kill
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Super grav gun is spam spam spam win
That's a good tactic with the super gravity gun.
can gorden even reproduce
alexxm: as he is a human of course
alexxm: Listen to all that radiation around him now.
Kammerjunk: He has the HEV suit dummy :P
i hate those flying things
Actually knowing geiger counter noises what you hear is relatively small doses of radiation
Extreme dodgeball!
Gee, what'd you expect.
Kammerjunk: Irl the geiger counter should be going super crazy
Lol
He touched the core
Yep the core pulses
killerpony7733: Yeah, it probably is. Probably gamma rays, though.
And gamma rays don't stop at nothin'.
Well, virtually.
Kammerjunk: Partially stops but eventually gets through things
Going to sleep, Goodnight everyone
Night TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
'night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
good night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
by eTheGreatAndPowerfulT
Oh, super gravity gun. Is there anything you can't do?
Kammerjunk keep people alive
Kammerjunk: Destroy buildings etc
^
Chrysalis: Oh and that
Extreme merry-go-round!
You party poopers.
it can't make a child Kammerjunk
MegaMoonShine: Everything Gordon does is extreme.
not destory weapons to collect ammo / guns
More extreme dodgeball! :D
With the super gravity gun, who needs weapons?
Kammerjunk: Exactly
like a baws
i just used some metal scrap as a shield
Nope. You're stuck down there now.
your australiers problem now dr freeman
"Through no fault of the Enrichment Center, you have managed to trap yourself in this room."
and no more super grav gun! :(
Awwww :(
lol
butt
Dat ass
dat as
is this wrek playing?
o look its HL3, we see it, but we cant get it xD
Brony4Eva: yes
aw no more overpowered gun
Who is streaming again
?
Wrek is streaming ibi_link
yup
oni_link*
sory lol
Im going to sleep, goonight everypony! Thanks for the advice MegaMoonShine and Wrek for streaming and to everypony else. Bye!
crazy train!
bye oni_link
oh god
this train
eww
the is one creepy train
Always happy to help a friend in need oni :)
Get out of here, stalker.
Yes, I'm going to say that every time.
was that her dad
uheenope
No, that was just a stalker.
ok thanks
nope, the worst isnt over
in fact incoming creepy/scary part
Kammerjunk: Tis a good reference good sir
Awwwwwww shit! :O
thats a spoiler
The worst isn't over! We still have the rest of the episode AND the next one!
lol Wrek
Kill it with gravity!
theyve alerted the horde
Hothothothothothot?
lol
only gravity can save you now
Wait, look at Alyx!
Consarnit, you missed an excellent scene.
Kammerjunk: what did she do?
Kammerjunk: What was it?
She got all emotional-like.
Or maybe not.
Oh right i remember that
she developed character
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: She develops quite a bit and you seriously grow on to her :)
killerpony7733: I think I catch your drift.
lol ded
Screw you, box!
Kammerjunk: Well sorta but valve knows how to actually do romance :P
lol
killerpony7733: Did you see the easter egg when you get in the jeep?
YABBA MY ICING
^
outta nowhere: is it normal that i have "what shall we do know" stuck in my head and its keeping me up
Dat death scream
GNICI YM ABBAY
Actually, if you play it backwards, it sounds like they say "GOD, HELP! HELP ME!"
Kammerjunk: They do
Kammerjunk i heard about that
nah its probably their icing
pretty creepy atmosphere here
I read on Half-Life wiki that headcrab victims remain partially conscious *shudders*
half life, its always creepy
Oh right, I remember a certain Alyx line in this place. I hope Wrek gets to hear it here.
DrGanjalf: :'(
Now i feel bad for every zombie that i haven't shot:(
press e to fix electricity
Screw codes!
I want Alyx' gun.
No, that wasn't an innuendo of any sort. I don't even know how that'd work.
Hey everypony
DrGanjalf: what about the zombines?
oh dis part
Hey Very_Silly_Filly :)
/me coughs
The pun! IT BURNS
HHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAA....no.
Oh right, this part too. Not what I meant, though.
or, in the words of Gordon Freeman:...
Hahahaha, that's very funny- THIS IS SERIOUS!
>see a zombie with a grenade, > go near it
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Probably no difference
Kammerjunk: Can't wait for a bit later in this stage
music? hory sheet
killerpony7733: Alyx line?
I hope we get to hear Alyx being a silly filly.
Kammerjunk: The suggestive one, nuff said
Oh.
cant you set zombies on fire with flares?
hey bronies :)
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: You actually can
And Yabba their icing?
hey derpy_pony :)
hi cerpy_pony
Brick!
derpy_pony *
Salve, derpy_pony.
hoi derpy_pony
:)
killerpony7733: thats what i thought
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: press tab when typing a name for it to autocomplete
im not like that :3
i type fast
hey derpy_pony how are you doing
Brick to the head!
Brick is best weapon.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Just need to use grav gun or hand holding to poke them with the flare
Brick needs to be patched
Bricke'd
Brick is OP
physics are OP
Poison crabs
Who here remembers Barry the Barrel?
good good. planning the second half of the month....need a small pause
gravity is op
Kammerjunk: Eh?
I do
what game is this?
The cars,
crazybeanz: Half life
just came to the livestream, sorry :\
I think I watch the stream too often, Kammerjunk
Mater would be disappointed
killerpony7733: SuperBrony64 played HL2 a while back. He carried around a barrel he found and named barrel.
I will never forget that little f**ker that waited for me after i crawled outta Ravenholm
*who
Kammerjunk: Daww thats cute
DrGanjalf: Oh, that one.
what happened DrGanjalf
I hate those black headcrabs.
They're so annoying.
O_O
SuperBrony64 abandonen barry in the sewers
-n +d
Yeah D:
Mainly because they poison
yes
Leave you at 1hp
Very_Silly_Filly: Well yeah.
Oh!
No, yeah, I meant poison headcrabs ._.
hehe
Black ones are poison
If we don't eat the Potatos than why does my mother keep them in the Basement until they begin to sprout?!
Very_Silly_Filly: racist!!!!
*jk*
/me just had to empty 5 boxes of Potatos into the Trash
I'm racist to black headcrabs
nigga crabs
I love potatos
I love potahtoes.
mmmmm fries
I like potatoes too :$
potatoes are cheap. during harvest time, 0.2€ per kg here
They make nice chips
Bloody hell
mmm PotaDOS
It's around 10 quid for a sack (around 5kg)
why are we talking about potatoes
my grandfather still grows him Himself, he was a Farmer
alexxm: Beacues potaeiez are nice
what is a quid? which currency?
English Pounds
oh
alexxm I kinda mentioned it and suddenly people began to talk about it :/
that's expensive
i wonder what england does at the 4th of july
ded chat is ded
it's like mentioning pr0n. potatoes
Kammerjunk: I'm curious do you have a OC?
I have never had an OC.
ok, Very_Silly_Filly
DarkSkyes: We plan which weapon to use to hunt down the country and take it back :)
and Potatos are appearently hilarious
Don't know what I'd use it for, really.
i have an oc! have you guys seen itt?
Dammi,t wrong ping
Kammerjunk: your pony ego sorta
I don't do music, I don't publish writing, I can't paint for my life.
Wrek sure loves smashing up those cars
Lil_B: They are if you attach some AI to them
twi_sprinkle_GS17: show us!
i'm starting to believe im the only brony in USA
crazybeanz: Hardly.
BroNYCon.
you are, crazybeanz
crazybeanz: You crazy? :O
Yo dawg
1,6*
The UK is full of people who like soaps
We heard you like Valves...
Gets annoying
Crazy crazybeanz is crazy? :D
i crazy.
problem?
killerpony7733: So yeah, I don't really do anything worthy of an OC. I mean, I write, sure, but nothing I really upload anywhere.
the rest of the people in this chatroom is basically one guy and his cat....and a few auto response scripts
My cat is ded, so
Kammerjunk: Honestly my OC doesn't have a special talent, My cutiemark is more of a symbol to refer to me as a person
ERROR: Invalid string. Response not available.
poor kitten
Very_Silly_Filly: I'm... sorry to hear that :'(
sorry to hear theat Very_Silly_Filly
We put him down because half of his body wasn't even working
Does anybody know where i can make a really anonymous E-Mail adress? I don't want to use an E-Mail Service from my country :/
Kammerjunk: Funny joke comes in a sec
derpy_pony: http://derpy.me/kZ1Gv drew it myself!!
derpy_pony: That' just not t-*drganjalf.exe has stopped responding*
He was literally walking, and breathing, the bare essensials to live, so we basically killed him
killerpony7733: Oh my.
I see a steep art career for you twi_sprinkle_GS17
Kammerjunk: And that was the joke, She was asking if there was room for two :$
Pling.
Yay!
There it was!
Troll
Alyx is such a troll.
Kammerjunk: Yeah i love it when she does it
i did that with my friends in minecraft often, had some scared as hell when i did zombie sounds
Oh this part...
so what would have happened if you did shoot her then
Gee, Alyx sounds like an expert in the field.
Tehehe,EP1
Oh sure, use an elevator that's in a broken building :|
MegaMoonShine: she worked with electricity, she knows what shes doing!
MegaMoonShine safty measures and stuff
lmao
Hah.
Safety.
nice moves
inb4 survival horror
Suddenly light
Awesome music
alyx and her puns
more dangerous than a zmobie.
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUUUN!
twi_sprinkle_GS17: ikr?
They alerted the horde
I wanted to play Killing Floor again, but my favourite server is gone :(
This is just like Counter-Strike!
I didn't really like killing floor
how come Lil_B
I like that line.
Louis is silly.
So you randomly assorted to this. k.
Kammerjunk: Pills here
Very_Silly_Filly its fun with 20 people on one server XD
Lil_B: I preferred Dungeon defenders
alexxm I don't know, the last time i playexd it was 6 month ago :/
Zombehs
I'm diggin to this beat
Zombehs everywhere
dat Howie scream
Very_Silly_Filly never played that :/
I prefer playing whatever the hell is available.
Very_Silly_Filly you have Terraria right?
Lil_B: Yes.
lol laser in
Thing i'm gonna buy Binding of Isaac
*Think
Very_Silly_Filly I must see if I can make a server (you can just host one from your PC in Terraria) so we can play again and the peope who bought it during the sale yesterday
hehe Valve
Yo dawg, i heard you like Valves...
Mabye, but I can't host
How did it repair it?
uhhh hi?
God dammit, Kleiner.
Shut up about reproduction.
Not only is my internet shit, but I only have 1gb ram
Kleiner is dick!
Very_Silly_Filly we need someone with a good PC and a good connection (or I really just try it myself, but it will lag for all of you probably)
KILL TEH SCANNERS
I don't have either
Fun Fact: Kleiner is now advicing people to have sex
Terraria server? they are so easy so easy to host :P
I can barely run Terraria never mind a server
Kleiner is crazy dick who like sexex
Kliener is a 60 year old pedo
*sexist
Klener is awesime
i think i can manage that, i can run a minecraft server
Later everypony :)
bye MegaMoonShine
Goodbay MegaMoonShine
bye MegaMoonShine :)
hey guys.. you do know theres season 3 songs on youtube
puzzle time
pony_476305: no spoilers
pony_476305: just one
pony_476305: Yeah, we knew yesterday
btw im new to this.. how do i change my name?
type /nick (your name)
You type /nick
Thanks alexxm SpeedBlah and Lil_B :$
twi_sprinkle_GS17 no, a second one leaked a few hours ago
pony_476305: /nick *enter name*
Lil_B: :O
Lil_B: awesome
really?
twi_sprinkle_GS17 look at EQD
yah
pony_476305: have you read the rules and FAQ yet?
Anyway, no spoilers please, because I haven't seen it yet
Gordon weight is 90 kg.
and don't want to
yeah, i have
Lil_B: not clicking on those, don't want to be spoiled :D
Physics? Pff. Dont need -Gabe
pony_476305: Good then you know how things go :)
hello?
MadSurge me nether XD
but I find it odd that the first remix is already done...
ok this is me.
lol
and.. my youtube user name.. eh.
MIRROR EDGE
screw puzzles
Skylerarmor: Alright :P
Lil_B: Wrek might make a minecraft server?
Lil_B: I've already seen some big spoilers, but don't wanna be spoiled about animation/songs :D
/me wants a better PC
^
isnt season3 suppose to be airing next month?
yes
SEASON THREE NEXT MONTH?!
Skylerarmor: For the sake of it we will not discuss anything spoiler ish about S3
Ohmygosh
MadSurge I'm avoiding them :)
oh ok. my bad
Lil_B: oh
I've just remembered, I've been on Bronystate for a year today. This BFN will be extra speshul for me :3
Skylerarmor: Nah you didn't do anything just warning you not to spoil anything,
i have alrady seen both season 3 new songs
Very_Silly_Filly: congrats! :D
ded
Ded Wrek,is like alive wrek,only dead
man... all of this makes me want to play HL2 again!
wow, so this chat pretty much goes on forever?
Yep
Very_Silly_Filly: I have been around ish for techinally dem about a half a year or so
Skylerarmor: Yes it doesa
does*
chat derped
This is the most popular brony stream on the internet
Very_Silly_Filly: o rly
For my first month or so, I was lurking around
of course it is
I wish you could modify Steam i a way to make a window frome the Overlay permanent even when you are playing... I want to have the chat there XD
Very_Silly_Filly: Not popular enough to have spam filled mane chat unless it's movie nights :D
ded
camper
killerpony7733: That's because: 1. These mods are useful, they can do their job well and 2. We have good community anyway :P
I think I'm between 1/4 and 1/5 of a year now...
/me hasent played terraria in awhile
1 year today, hardly recognise anyone here from around a year ago :s
Very_Silly_Filly: Yeah the more loyal and always on despite not being movie night, is low compared to the ones only coming for movie nights
killerpony7733 not to mention the ones that come here for new episodes XD
do you guys go on bronystate website to watch live stream movies and stuff?
I play it from time to time
Lil_B: i only know 3 people that play terraria
Very_Silly_Filly: Still i got a nice comfy little channel i'm mod in along with our friendly Satty :)
killerpony7733: only the best always stay around :$
MadSurge: Hehe yup
seems terraria is know $5
now*
Then he was techie for a while
Very_Silly_Filly: I may have been there during that but i was really confused back then :D
Very_Silly_Filly: It must be fun applying to be a mod :D
Minecraft?
^
I probably would apply, but I have to admit I'm not the most mature guy on earth
man i wanna be a mod ;_;
MadSurge: i actually asked satty about having a regular mod or something like that in the chat i'm mod for now and he made me a mod for the channel :)
Plus Luna has my favourite text colour, so I'd have to contest with her for the colour :3
We aren't big but we got a tightly nit group of people in the channel :P
And you know that when I recognise about 97% of you all
dat plot?
well waiting for 6 games to download on steam is going to be a pain :|
I'm semi-afk now, gonna Try out more Versions of Linux
Dat propane tank he used
Lil_B: What code was Linux work on?
Bios? or whatever
Very_Silly_Filly I think Linux is just C
Ahh
That makes it slightly easier
Very_Silly_Filly *Based on C
Considering I'm learning c++
Or planning to learn it
Very_Silly_Filly me too... if I find a good way to learn it...
If I learn C, I'll probably create my own OS with Linux
just wondering what kind of jobs does programming lead to?
Game development, OS development, program development
Basically anything to do with computers
I just saw that I have 2 Terminator Parodies in my Picture Folders... one is the Terminator as Bayonetta and one is Sweete Belle as the Terminator
Worst mine ever
post 'em
"Are you still there"
*turrent voice*
shit
all dem lasers
yay red barrel hop scotch
aww he didn't explode like phase :(
https://d.facdn.net/art/fernin/1336900862.fernin_kdjade-termarenator.jpg
dat corpse
oh look, its uncle Owen
sweetienator
'dat Barnacle
Sucks to be him
morning
ello Doobinz
Mornin' Doobinz
Well them, I'll be on my way. See you all for Movie Night, where WE-WILL-PLAY-A-GAME!
bye MadSurge
Ooh, the crossbow
Did I honestly hear a Combine do the tarzan?
lol
"Get back!" *runs into bomb*
well that went well
Swordfish
Best password
lol,
ol
Wrek sure did improve playing this game
I'm just booting up Archlinux and it said "If you are looking to install Arch on something more exotic, such as you kerosene-powered cheese grater, please consult <Homepage>"
/me thought this was Phase4 streaming all this time
00,02XD
00,02nah, its Wrek
The reception is good, so it's Wrek
Unfortunately, Phase4's internet isn't too good as far as I'm aware
o hi Phase4
hm, i thought the suit healed
Yeah since he is in scandiavia my stream is going alot better
twi_sprinkle_GS17: Only if poisioned
killerpony7733: ah k
well... now I'm on somethin called [root@archiso ~]# and I don't know how to proceed XD
followed agian
"Gordon you lucky dog you :3"
crowbar?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: The amount of awesome in that quote is Epic
The most powerful weapon in the game
too bad Wrek skipped the quote just now
lol
OP crowbar is OP
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: which quote?
lol i said it earlier
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: i didnt understand wdhat you menat by 'skipped' then
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: cause i heard the quote
Barney said "Gordon you lucky dog you"
But wrek buggered off before he finished saying it so we missed it
^
but i heard it Oo
No you didn't.
It was all your imagination.
chat is quite slow today
Kammerjunk: my imagination defnies reality though
*defines
ok... I can't istall Arch ... I need more knowleadge XD
:D
Kammerjunk: yep. i set reality
/me hopes Arma 2 gets a big sale today
I haven't spent a penny on Steam Summer Sale yet.
I win.
lol
I dont have Steam. I win....wait
so far steam has got $22 outta me
Kammerjunk: Same as i need to have money to go to BUCK next month :D
Kammerjunk dito :)
killerpony7733: I need money for parties .-.
i havent bought a game in 5 years. i win
epic music
>Buying games
Do ho ho.
Kammerjunk: criminal scum!
Kammerjunk: Daww i wish you could go to BUCK bud :)
Kammerjunk: aw who am i kidding :3
Steam? You know its all aboot Origin
killerpony7733: Silly North Sea is in the way, and I'm 16.
twi_sprinkle_GS17: Resist arrest.
Kammerjunk: then pay with your fluids! *draws needle*
oh my
Kammerjunk: I'm 17 and and all i need was my mother saying K for it and else i wouldn't be asked about parents accept at BUCK :P
I guess I would have bought all the ANNO 2070 DLC, but I don't have the Steam version :/
killerpony7733: Well, my parents probably wouldn't mind if I went with someone I know, but if I'm going alone, they're quite worried.
/me wishes he can go to any brony meet up
I've only been to one meetup here in Denmark. 'Twas fun, though,.
i wonder if theres any brony is in Ohio
there is a brony meetup at my university. next week. and im hundreds of miles away :<
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: i am
hmmm arange one?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG wait, I just read something about Ohio and Bronys...
Kammerjunk: Well the condition was that my big sister goes with me to a friends where i'll sleep for a night, Then i'm free to go to BUCK with my friend
nah thats why we have the interwebs, and googal
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: theres two meetups in ohio
Did that thing just giggled?
why are headcrab zombies so creepy
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: one is at OSU next week, and the other is in september in strongsville
i know
Headcrabs are cute
^
^^
Except poison headcrabs.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG http://trotcon.com/
They can go die in a fire.
Lamarr is best headcrab
whos bright idea was it to organize a brony meetup at a university in the summer anyway
ahhh Trotcon, i knew there was a convention right near me
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: you live in columbus?
near it
meh still not going to a brony convention
im not opening that
^ :D
^LOL
damn you PONY where are you?! We have a critical matter at head which we need to discuss!
does Wrek know about shotgun alt-fire?
DrGanjalf: I approve this art.
DrGanjalf
That looks pretty neat.
Fast zombies are cool.
great scot
i had a nightmare with fast zombies once :I
:D
twi_sprinkle_GS17: Fast zombies were brilliant in Ravenholm.
i used to have the same nithmare for 3 straight years every night when i was a kid
YABBA MY ICING!
Also, when I first played Half-Life 2, I must've been about 8-9. Ravenholm was pretty damn terrifying.
I'm so badass I played Quake 3 at the age of 4
god damn
Dat Chrysalis.
I love Chrysalis' design.
?
ah
Oh hi, Chrysalis.
I also played Diablo 2 at the age of 4
And Unreal at the age of 5
Hello everypony!! :)
ELLO ponyloverforeva
i played Diablo 1 at the age of 3-4 :)
Very_Silly_Filly: Oh yeah, I remember playing D2 with my dad. We got to Hell difficulty, but he was a sorcerer, so we just kind of stopped.
hey ponyloverforeva ghow've you been
yeah Crhysalis Design is awesome... I really like the colors
wow. when i was 6-7 all i played were ancient spaceship games
Diablo 2 hell is retarded unless you have like 6-8 people
alexxm: im fine ghow are you? :3
007 goldeneye n64 will remain my favorite FPS
Very_Silly_Filly: And for a Sorcerer, it's terrible. Every mob is immune to at least 2 schools and highly resistant to a third.
i'm good ponyloverforeva
o yah, i remember playing goldeneye at a friends place, good times
what game is this?
I have goldeneye
i remember when Diablo 3's Inferno was suppost to take months to do
ponyloverforeva: Half-Life 2: Episode 1.
oh
a Guild from Wow. did it in 3 DAYS
Kammerjunk: I was a drood, they kicked arse in Normal and Nightmare, but in hell, you was screwed
how long is an episode supposed to be
alexxm: a bit short
is Valve made a tv show season 1 will end on episode 2
^
Lil_B: Oh right, Germany's a bit silly with that.
Dat insurance guy.
Australias the same
HAAAAAX
Haaaaax
DAMMIT, Kammerjunk
HAAAXXXX
Hah!
*throws monitor at chat*
/me throws HDMI TV at moniter*
Very_Silly_Filly: curses, foiled again
i hear australia is finnaly getting Mortal Kombat
Why do these bleed?
I actually still have one of those old CRT monitors somewhere.
^me too
I'm currently on one now
New! Supports windows 95!
defend the citizens, schnell!
Very_Silly_Filly: woah
Very_Silly_Filly: Dude, wow.
Very_Silly_Filly dont tell me you have windows 95
Kammerjunk: My old computer next to my new one has a CRT
Brony4Eva: No, my moniter is brand new for Windows 95
I have Windows NT
So released in '94 or 95
Oh ok then
I can't believe you can still buy CRT monitors.
Kammerjunk: Not a very old one though. Probably about '04...
valve should just cancel hl3 and go straight to hl4
That effectively means my moniter is almost 20 years old
Seriously, why would anyone buy a CRT monitor these days.
Kammerjunk: Because they're cheap
Very_Silly_Filly: Save it for another 20. It'll be worth a fortune.
Morning, everypony.
morning AttacktheAndalite
Half Life 2: New Episode. NOW VALVE PAY ME MONEH
And flatscreens are very expensive
&
/me hugs Jim
/me hugs AttacktheAndalite back
/me hug everypony
Very_Silly_Filly: They're not that bad. I have two 24" from Samsung, didn't exactly cost me a barn.
My CRT is a 1024x768 flatscreen though D:
My friend has millions of those CRT monitors Its because he fixes computers
KAMBAINZ
Well, they didn't cost me anything, they were gifts, but that's besides the point.
Who's streaming?
Wrek is
Wreky streaming
Okay then. Morning, Wrek.
Morning AttacktheAndalite
F
Freeman have no tongue
hey AttacktheAndalite how are you
I'm fine, alexxm. Just fixing pancakes
DED
ded
I want pancakes
Medkeht
dead
Pancakes are nice. I like sushi more, though.
PEELZ HERE!
Kammerjunk: Bleh
MOLATOV
Hey, sushi's fantastic.
My steam name is FlutterPie and my password is Fluttershycannotfly123
Sushi is FU
Sushi is ok
Brony4Eva: No it's not.
I cant eat sushi
I cant eat fish
FISH ARE RIDICLUOUS
orly
I can't eat fish, makes me vomit
/me loves seafood
i love Salmon
Very_Silly_Filly,bro!
I love all fish.
/me now wants shrimp cocktail
They taste so good.
Fish are friends, not food
Kammerjunk: What's your favorite fish?
Ahha,taste like rotten garbage
AttacktheAndalite: Golly gee, I can't say.
Good morning everypony! :)
Salve, RaveBrony.
hai RaveBrony
/me also wants popcorn shrimp
morning RaveBrony did you sleep well
Kammerjunk: I like them all but my favorites are s-wai, salmon and tilapia
Morning, RaveBrony. *hugs*
Peopleh
SpeedBlah
Im about HL2
ceviche is also delicious
Alyx said "Peopleh"
I did indeed, alexxm, and you?
Or who said "Peopleh"
/me hugs AttacktheAndalite
i'm good RaveBrony
...
MYAH!
All aboard the Crazy Train
I already have a seat reserved on the Crazy Train
/me boards crazy train
Time to play some Terraria!
fun!
RaveBrony do you have a server ?
^
^^
^^^
^^^^
hiya guys :)
so whats this game?
HL2 ep 3 :)
half life ep 1
oh ya lol
LOL
Is Phase4 STILL streaming?
no
no its Wrek
oh
its Wrek ACS13123
woops
:P
00,02ACS13123, nope
Dat was close
lol
Dat was ded
Well imma start a fresh Terraria game
Get a server going please, I'll join and kick anal zones
i have a server 1 it is hard mode 2 its on hamachi
Lol :D
CRAZY TRAIN
lol
Yay Crazy Train
CITADEL GONNA EXPLODE! LOLOLOL!
Crazy Train Goes With Everytrain
Portal
Tactical Nuke Inbound
Superportal
3
2
1
Teh end
where is gman
♪Crazy Train♪
Places
ducky: Vortiguants blocked him
Im a blind pig,or i cant see Gabe in titles?!
SpeedBlah: You have to be blind to not see gabe :3
Yay Episode 2 time
Doom II!
i love ep 2
Wrek Play Portal
Shizuka already did htat
No,play Doom
Flugle horn?
05"wrek play this, wrek play that" why not "wrek play what you feel like :D"?
Wrek: Because demands
i smell Anarchy
Wrek,play what you feel like :D
I m just suggesting
05besides ive already beaten all the dooms on stream
05on ultraviolence
05withotu strafing
Oh
Im slow
Wrek: Oh yeah, heh, that was almost half a year now :)
Finish Abuse?
Wrek what do you wanna play?
05already won abuse once on hardest, never doign it again
05it was PUNISHING AS FUCk :D
lol
Gonna check Wrek DA
Yep, welcome to retro games
what happens at the end of abuse
half a year since he played doom? damn time has gone by fast
Jim: Ikr
i wonder if Wrek will play Dark Souls if it comes out
mortal kombat music?
Grrr Swedish client, me no understand
apparently Laser In means loading
it feels good to be scandinavian
*British*
it feels bad to not be able to see stream atm :P
...and gonna make new pack of Wrek artworks.
it must feel good to speak a language ppl dont know, you could say some mean stuff and get away with it xD
05the pros and cons of multilingualism
The problem is, everyone knows English, so I'm buggered
/me googles the word
'dat Minecraft
ooo minecraft
dat MC
inb4 everyone stalks him
lol so true
lol
skeleton
Wow. That's quite some civilization there.
/me wants A'PEXi USA exhaust system for Ford Galaxy 2001 TDi
dat MC server
nice texture pack
wanna play HL3, follow these steps. 1. play a game at 1% of the download. 2. have fun
Dat Minecraft
RD :3
Its rainbow dash and fluttershy best 2 ponies!
^
Two best pegasi
Princess Celestia is best pony
did Wrek ever do Aether?
?
Rainbow dash is best though!
Rainbow Dash>
thats a weird way to spell Twilight Sparkle
l2spell Rarity
OMG WREK THIS IS AMAZING
Woah!
amazing
Twi' is best, though.
^
THEN comes Dashie.
Hi everypo- ooh Minecraft! :O
what? i missed a minecraft twi???
showing us ur creations Wrek?
no
Wrek has some Baller towns
I assume this is an HD pack.
05just a preview of the official bronystate MC server
Oh my.
:o
Wrek: cool
I was hoping on suggesting some multiplayer Terraria. But I know that Wrek put a lot of work into that.
Niiiice! :$
Imo, Terraria is better than Minecraft.
Buck yeah,i had wasted my moneh for thing!
nahhhhhh
I prefer Minecraft.
I kinda started hating Minecraft after 1.8
That's awesome
:)
Wrek, of cause you will have an entire scale model of Equestria before the server goes public :D
Is there an official Bronystate Terraria server?
nahh
It'll be fun playing on the BS server. First thing I'll do is probably walk far, far away to avoid any civilisation.
we need a DayZ bronystate server tho :3
Hell March!
I want a better PC, mine is crap nowadays and can't run anything
Seriously, am I the only one who walks in one direction for in-game days on end in Minecraft to avoid bumping into other people?
Die waffen legt an!
hello again everyone!
Salve, BronyInstrumental.
hi BronyInstrumental
hello BronyInstrumental :)
Wrek, if you're in-game, I don't think we can see anything.
I can't, at any rate.
i dont either
Well, I can see Steam, but yeah.
05was adjustign settings
Oh.
05first time laucnhing you see
i'm working out winter wrap up on guitar and vocals....so what's streaming?
Half life 2 Episode 2 BronyInstrumental
ah
BronyInstrumental: There's already a sheet for that, I think. I believe I have it saved somewhere or other.
Kammerjunk: thanks but i'd already set myself a challenge to do it by ear. appreciated anyways :)
Fair 'nuff.
GORDAH
GORDAH IS ALIVE
Previously on HL2
And still, you never see Gordon.
Clever bastards.
Alex is strange
*alyx
Alyx is silly.
Half-Life 2: Alyx Teaser
05läser in doesnt exactly trasnlate into loading
05it tranlsates more to "reading in"
05reading all the files to be ready so to speak
Swedish... I need to learn German,not swedish. Cuz swedish is hard.
sounds like old swedish windows 95 or something when computers were too new for people to understand what "loading" really meant
but swedish is more fun than german
trust me
Rly?
I'm Danish, and I can barely understand Swedish.
i've been learning german for 3 years. not fun i can say
Learning languages is hard to me.
especially when pronouncing
CUZ IM ESTONIAN
05swedish is more expections than rules
05exeptions*
O.o
besides, swedes sound more happy than germans
SpeedBlah, cool
because of the pronounciation of words
DAT IZ NOT GUT
Das ist nicht gut?
Its German-English syntez
Im always use it
Or Russian-German
Boom.
Yeah, throw glasses at it.
glass*
Gravity gun is best weapon.
^
throw rocks at it
Will you carry the gnome, Wrek?
I really hate that Gnome.
gnome*
NO ONE HATE CHOMPSKI
CHOMPSKI IS NICE GUY
dat MIT education
Oh hey, all of Gordon's education.
goddammit
:$
dat ass
oh my
Do ho ho.
Dat plot
Wrek totally panicked when she turned around.
Do you like,when someone watching your ass?
Can't see their faces
Who cares.
Plot!
dat ass
wrek doesnt care about faces
Dat butt
dat ass
Dat ass
Sweet ass
Suddenly, the plot strikes it.
strikes in*
curse you, plot!
Wrek! Gnome!
No!
Back!
Hah! No gnome!
Screw the Gnome
That achievement is just a pain in the ass
Gnome Chompski is best pony
Aww.
yay
I warned you...
Chompski is best gnome
Is there some sort of achievement related to that gnome?
Yeah.
^yep
She ded
GORDON KILLED ALYX WITH GNOME
WHERE IS GNOME
Kandarihu: The achievement is basically "Carry this through the entire damn game."
and framed the combine
05gona grab a coffee :D
What a cliffhanger
Ha! :D
go for the coffee Wrek
:o
You know, i think i gonna get myself some coffee too
guess ima go bakc to talking skyrm dog quest
Meh, I just had a coffee.
Only i have RA3 Soviet March?
Oh this is Wrek streaming? :o
For some reason i dont like coffe :O
OMG
coffee*
didnt see the desktop pony i guess, lol
I HAEV SOVIET MARCH
I see. Does it change the ending?
WHERE
I'm not too keen on coffee but I do like vanilla frappuccino from Starbucks.
.....and I killed the chat
what language is this?
of the song i mean
Not sure, AdamTheDuck
It was on stream
My friends call me gay cause im a brony :( what should i say to them?
Red Alert 3 Soviet March. I was so scared,so i closed Google Chrome
aww i was starting to like the other song...
I need to go now, bye everypony :$
Bye,MegaMoonShine
Bye MegaMoonShine
bye MegaMoonShine
Brony4Eva, show them an episode that they might like.
05ok back
*snicker* crystal flugel horn.
Thanks SpeedBlah AttacktheAndalite and alexxm :)
Brony4Eva Show them the episode where twilight goes insane xD
me too
05now i have coffee, 3 sammiches and a doughnut
hmm good idea
or... Cupcakes... *shudders*
Wrek: don't get a rush and/or crash
05the sammiches have 3 kidns of ham, adn 3 kidns of cheese on each
mmmm
Sammiches?
sounds delicious
Vorts to the rescue!
VORTS MUST SAVE TEH DAY
E.T
The Free Man
FREEMAN?!
damn
GNOME!
Bload
HOW ARE YOUUUU?!
Is she dead?
Yes
Alyx is dead
damn
and this is GREAT
I really do not recommend carrying that gnome, unless you've beaten game already,
she's hot
lol
im back :3 and i see Wrek is Saving Gnome Chompski
:D
CROWBAR! IN ELEVATOR!
Crowbars. Crowbars everywhere
MAGIC!
i bet the Crowbar industry is baller
Crows andbars
since when Ghost is in MW3?
he ded
my internet derped
but his voice actor is in every MW game
No but i got a wallpaper with MLP MW3 and fluttershy is ghost and i dont know why
crush dem grubs
I saw the MW3 trailer. All I could think was "Call of Dubstep: Black Wubs".
BO2 trailer*
Gnome Diver
Thats the wallpaper: http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110823140152/callofduty/images/b/b6/MLP_MW3.jpg
Silly me, MW3 is old.
MW2 was kewl
The first CoD was better.
^
I played all CoD expect first and MW3
Kammerjunk: First CoD, or first MW?
DrGanjalf: The very first CoD.
And CoD 3
Russian
I never played CoD, actually. Pre-MW, I've played CoD, CoD:UO and CoD 2.
But not 3.
I preffer 2nd CoD over first
There was russian letters
Infinity Ward technically died after MW
^
They are dead to me.
MW1 was da bomb
Chompski the serial killer
The first modern warfare was the best!
no.2 was alright
The best MW, maybe.
l
Not the best CoD.
it beat Halo 3
United Offensive was fun.
hello
God, Captain Price must be old as hay now.
hi Brony4Eva
I mean, Price was in CoD 1 and 2 as well.
And that was in WW2!
hai everypony
Infinity has Cpt. Price, Treyarch has Reznov
Price was nearly in all of CODs
Salve, jhg.
Brony4Eva: I conclude from this that Price is the Highlander.
Wow that Antlion
salve Kammerjunk
Im gonna play some MW2 now bye
bye Brony4Eva
wut
I think it was just Price Jr. in MW. Joined SAS because of family tradition
whats the definitely not gmod maybe half-life?
jhg: Yeah, Half-Life 2: Episode 2.
poor Antlion
yeeeeeaaaah
http://images.4chan.org/b/src/1342271597839.jpg <-- Hmm. Delicious?
I wish the Barnacles could eat the gnome.
flying boxes flying boxes everywhere there are flying boxes
CHOMPSKI!
nom Chompski
ARE YOU ALIVE?!
If you lose Chompski you lost the game
nom nom nom
If you lose the gnome, I salute you.
Those white antlions gross me out
atatatatatatatata
weird, i find antolions the least gross enemy in the game
Holy shiet that looks amazing
Holla everypony! :)
ant-lions
Wait, you have unlimited revolver ammo?
holla
hoi GilDash|Unreal
Heus, GilDash|Unreal.
was
Kammerjunk: Heus? :S
hi guys sory could notm(ake
hi GilDash|Unreal
heus?
hi tehepicbrony
GilDash|Unreal: Latin. Informal way of greeting.
hai GilDash|Unreal
Kammerjunk: Oh, okay. :D
oh :)
I suppose it's sort of like 'hey'.
heyyeayeah
Hi GilDash|Unreal
hey yo yellow nigga wutcha doin in mah hood
i could not make it to movie night i was seeing the lrmere of ice age 4
yellow?
05oh fuck this donuts tasty!
twi_sprinkle_GS17: And so I cry some times when I'm lying in bed just to get it all out what's in my head, and I feel - a little peculiar.
I don't like donuts.
Wrek: Xnap!
mmm donuts
*snap
Wrek is having a donut orgasm
people in there are yellow skinned like chinese
too bad i ate entire box yesterday:(
also called donutgasm
Lol Wrek
i have a misson today!
Yay best part of the game :3
/me is having dougnuts for breakfast/lunch...
Oh! Is it that moment!
You idioteh,it gordah freemah
I do believe it is!
yay survivors
tehepicbrony: How was the Ice Age movie?
Chompski is medic
http://www.80stees.com/images/products/The_Simpsons_Homer_Wants_a_Doughnut-T-link.jpg
good i saw all 4
so many steam games, too little money
Aww, it's not that time yet.
lol just put all the turrets in the middle
play for free
Jim: True dat
dat russia
attack: it was alot better then i expecy
Шахта Победы
^
tehepicbrony: Sweet
SpeedBlah: waaait
SpeedBlah: your russian?
*expected
Yep
SpeedBlah: ah, i speak russian
"Doctoring" in this case means "killing loads of bugs".
Cool :)
so wrek already got the antlion essence thing?
im on a tablet its hard to type..
lol low defence lvl
Jim: I have not bought a single Steam game in the summer sale yet.
All dem mines.
thats pretty bad way to set them up i think
I bought Max Payne 3 recently
kewl stary brah
kewl story mark
I want to buy Binding of Isaac
Binding of Isaac is so much fun
Only one euro
it's totaly worth it
Wow, that medic guy is a douche.
werent there 3 turrets?
lol i can binding of isaac for free
nope
Think they said they only had two.
i was playing kingdom hearts yesterday ONE of the best rpgs ever in my opion....
6_9
I don't even know what Kingdom Hearts is about.
It's like, if Disney and Final Fantasy had a baby
sanctuary is an epic song from KH
well it G
its about a king's heart
thank you jim
i have my sources
This stage isn't really a danger at any point, IIRC.
is this before or after the ant lion king thing?
Wait, isn't one of the turrets standing at an idle point?
g2g brb in an hour or so...
Turret King > Antlion King
^
tehepicbrony ok
who here has played skyrim?
I have
Skyrim is a great game, but gets so boring for me
twi_sprinkle_GS17: I must finally buy it
I could've sworn I saw this before.
I have Skyrim.
It's fun.
omg incoming
skyrim is fun, but it doesnt have mch to offer in terms if killing enemies one after another
Well, fall back to the one choke point, you idiots.
can get old
well this plan backfired...
Fallout 4 is gunna be fun
From Dust looks interesting
Still not sure if it's better to wait for a bundle
like New Vegas
and Jim , what does 20 stamina damage mean? does it sap 20 stamina or saps+20 damage?
*anyway jhg
MP7 THE HELL OUT OF THE BASTARDS!
gah mistab
wat
that means it saps stamina from the enemy
jhg: nvm, mistab
It's easier to fall back and defend that slope than having to deal with antions from every angle.
Hello, all! :D
oh ok
antlions*
Jim: whats the point of sapping stamina?
hi Chocobunny
Oh hi, Chocobunny.
wat?
Jim: From Dust -is- interesting.
YOU DUN GOOFED
DrGanjalf: Which one?
Well, if the enemy doesn't have stamina, it can't block or do heavy attacks
revolvah evolvah
From Dust is awesome. I love the random language.
massive dmg
is it worth buying? On sale at the moment
Kammerjunk: the paranoid one
DrGanjalf: The one who blames Gordon?
00,10Ep 2 already eh?
GET RDY...vortigaunts
yup
Eeyup.
hi Sumica
Kammerjunk: Yeah... well, to be honest he's not paranoid in this situation:D
Sht them!
Shoot*
best part of the game :3
00,10hello mine turtle
Yes! It's this part!
Sumica: hellloooo *boom*
hallo Sumica
Oh.
epic theme incoming
No, it isn't.
yes it is
DrGanjalf: Guile's Theme?
not that epic
I think Guile's Theme would go great with this part.
:)
Kammerjunk nope, Zelda Theme
LOL, the Vorts tripped the antilion sensors.
Isn't this episode 1?
they're dead men
its Episode 2 Chocobunny
Chocobunny: ep2
Kandarihu: Two Vortigaunts triggered level 3 lights.
Vortal Powah!
Ah. It was a long time since I touched the Half Life franchise.
theres 3
Oh. Still.
Steam Sale sapping my wallet!
Vortigaunts be trippin', yo.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: There is actually Half life 1, 2 Episode 1 and 2 Episode 2
which is 3 in total
ACS13123: what?
Yes! This part now!
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: You said tehre was 3
xtriple
there*
oh also Jim , is there a difference when to disenchant an item, when its full of charge or not?
hey booth humans survived
i meant the Vortigaunts lol
Jim: http://i.imgur.com/bvX3O.png
00,10shame Wrek did't go for little rocketman
twi_sprinkle_GS17, I don't think there's a difference
00,10oh wait
Sumica: lol
All you learn is the ability that's on the weapon
Go away
Oh. Still not this part.
Go away Chompski
Man, it's been too long.
Jim: k thx
00,10he did !
Sumica: yay!...
so THERE is Gnome Chomsky... I never could find him in EP2
Lil_B: lol now you find out?
acctually, he brought it with him
DAT LAG
00,10that's not where you get him Lil_B
Lil_B: the gnome was actually a lot earleir
Lil_B: Oh no, Wrek's had it with him for a while.
Lil_B: It was under a bunk in the first shag you enter
*shack
Lil_B: So many pings.
Later parts are hell for gnome transport
gnomik
051 sec i accidentally my whole desk with gum
You have to carry it throughout the game!
oh... thanks everyone for the Tip XD
00,10you get him in the radioshack just after the train crash
wat?
Wrek: wat?
00,10I sure hope that was not a typo
^
gum on ur desk Wrek?
05yes
05gum
Sumica: oh my
05chewing gum
:D
O.o
hmm
Sumica: O_o
05it was next to the coffemug
05melted a bit
Smooth!
lol
05and now is sticking everywhere
lol
Gum on your bum teehee;)
o these words
Oh damn, haha
Time to play Ep2 again... and this Time I'll gett all the Larves... (last time I got 330/333... I was very angry...)
00,10you think that is bad Lil_B
hello everypont the drummer pony is back.
00,10I never got littl rocket man cause I forgot to shutthe door
Sumica I wanted that arcievment :(
hoi jonthedrummerpony
Sumica: dang that sucks
Sumica: Oh. Wow.
Didn't you have a save?
^
Lil_B: I still don't have all achievements because of some bug
00,10no cause I over wrote it
Way to go.
wow
00,10I jsut asumed it came at the time of launch
DrGanjalf I don't really want ALL of them, but this is one of them I really wanted
I never overwrite any save.
00,10so I played on
running low on ammo
So, I went to the Google Chrome Store thingy and noticed something quite interesting: http://i.imgur.com/HvAS6.png
The Vortigaunt thinks you're an idiot.
god 2007 was a good year for games
Jim: Hey! That's not anime!
Where is Chompski?!
IKR
Kammerjunk I like how the Vortigaunts think that everythink Freeman does is perfectly logicla and genious
SpeedBlah. Back at Alyx.
SpeedBlah: He's safe, don't worry
Okey
Lil_B: he did free them after all
use your gravity gun
Lil_B: Basically, he's a god to them.
Im worrying about Chompski
there you go
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG in HL1?
He killed Whats his name...
Lil_B ya
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Nihilant
god the boss's name started with a N
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Yeah, he killed that guy.
ah that
nice shot
SpeedBlah: чомпский will be fine
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG I still have to play that.. I kinda started but it was somehow boring
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: A.K.A. Giant Space Fetus
*Чомпски
DrGanjalf: ^
I'm guessing Wrek isn't going for the the larva 'chieve.
nope
its probably just one playthrough
Dat timing.
Anyone know a good and fun RTS?
Lol Wrek
ded
xD
ded
Ded, no big suprise.
I got the larva achievemt. But i've done it with a playthrough though<.<
00,10silly wrek
Chocobunny: Civilization, Age of Empires, Age of Mythology, Starcraft, Empire Earth.
Chocobunny: Company of Heroes, Dawn of War, Shogun i think...
*Shogun 2
only need 2
Wait, no.
Civilization isn't an RTS.
Silly me.
^
Thanks for the list, guys. :3 Is AoM a bit like AoE? Because I LOVE AoE.
Kakalum
AoM is a bit different, if I'm not mistaken.
Is it made by the same dev?
oh shi-
Command and Conquer
Im gonna watch LOE
Stream
Oh yeah, C&C was fun as hell.
CoC has been ruined by EA. :C
*CaC
Herp.
Chocobunny: Actually, yes.
Chocobunny: everything is ruined by EA
Chocobunny: AoE and AoM are both by Ensemble Studios.
R.I.P Ensemble Studios
EA did C&C? I don't remember that. :p
Aye.
we all love EA and its Origin Service
^ HAH
last project they made was Halo wars :3
Chocobunny: Frequent ailment these days...
cant even say that with a straigh face :D
Activision is the smartest company in the world (lolz)
I'll try Age of Mythology. But before that, a silent moment for Ensemble.
Gee, the plot gun sure is strong.
yay Physics
weeee
Oh, wow. We actually managed a short period of silence.
"AI CEN SPEEN DIS!!!!".
Pinkie Pie: "What's physics?"
You spin me right round...
Half Life 2 - The Ride
You spin me right round...
Kammerjunk: Are you also an avid fan of Ensemble?
Kammerjunk: touche, sir
Lol
:D
XD
ded.
that was just too funny
No pit would be complete without a Wrek falling down.
I almost expected to here "HELLO! IS THE PORTAL GUN DOWN THERE? Also, are you alive?"
00,10well I bet the vordagont feels bad now
Vortiguants need a new god now
Chocobunny: To be honest, I don't know. I'm 16, so when I played their games, I was probably pretty young.
Talk about falling for the game. ZING.
Do ho ho.
Ensemble sure did their best with a Console Rts
wth is that
Kammerjunk: That's way scary coincidence. I'm also 16, but I still have AoE 2 and 3 on my PC (weird fact: my step-dad used to be one of the greatest AoE players in Sweden).
I never was really into C&C series.
^^
Gordon is gnome
Chocobunny: Oh yeah, I still have AoE lying around somewhere on my fileserver.
Not sure which one.
Lol.
I'm guessing 3.
AoE2 is a huge chunk of my Childhood XD I pretty much did nothing but playing RTS games :/
But i respect Westwood Studios for their Blade Runner adaptation
Wait, the Halo MMO was originally going to be titled Titan?
That's funny. That's what Blizzard is calling their "next-gen MMO" project.
Kammerjunk: Uhh no? Titan is developed by Blizz, right?
DrGanjalf: Yeah, it was cancelled.
Vort said "talalal"?!
While back.
Oh.
Happy Face
This Pan is like Willson
What's up with making MMOs based on FPS franchises. There was going to be a Tribes MMO, but that got dumped in favor of Tribes: Ascend
Kandarihu: Because MMO = munnies
Kandarihu: RPG games are just overdone MMO-wise. So now Blizzard's making Titan, CCP is making Dust 516.
I'm a bit peeved that Dust 516 is purely PS3, though. I mean, the PC community made CCP what it is.
Good Guy Vortigaunt
Guild Wars 2 :D
Vort gonna die
Happy end
isnt Bungie making a mmo too?
nope.avi
lol
I wish Bethesda could make the next Elder Scrolls game more like Daggerfall. ;_;
The Vort Will Live *yaaaaaaay*
Skyrim sucked, IMHO.
fail
GOOMBA STOMP
>http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1498/ - MFW I'm the only EVE Online player here.
that vortiguant is the most l33t of his species
Ultima Online is now For Free
GW2 is going to eat my life
Speaking of free, I'm surprised SW:TOR is still in business.
^
IKR
BRB, going to get an energy drink.
Kammerjunk: Give it time
^
Yeah, it'll be free eventually.
They all become free eventually.
its funny how the game has a platform collecting system
even tho its a third person mmo
There can be only one P2P!
I'm surpised FF11 and FF14 are still around :/
Free 2 Play, Pay 2 Win
^
free 2 pay
I quit WoW simply because it was p2p
F2P isn't always P2W
lol ded
xD
Dallarum - ded
ded
with GW2, you buy the game once, then it's F2P
It does have a cash shop too, but it only has cosmetic items, also you don't need to use real life money in it, you could spend ingame gold to buy the gems for the store
My brother is forward to buy GW2
I had never played GW1. Then I bought Nightfall and Factions Collector's Editions and started playing.
Because I could.
which I think is a cool feature
What would be a good name for that model? Buy 2 Play?
Buy & Play
How about "a game"?
Isn't that just a normal game model?
oo music
Jim: It used to be :'(
But then... DLCs!
Also, I'm glad there's no "pay to win" scenario.
with EA there are no such things as Games
online passess...
EA Games - Ruin everything
the horror, the horror...
pffft... Online passes
EA Games - It's in the money.
DrGanjalf: What about paying to reserve a copy of an unreleased game?
And Then Came the Antlion Guardian
Seriously, why? Are you paying to reserve the bytes?
E... A... Sports. If you've seen it a million times, it's in the game.
Combine EA Games and Activision
NO.
EA actually stands for Evil Assholes
:D
Kammerjunk: You mean pre-orders or Kickstarster?
DrGanjalf: I mean pre-orders. Paying to reserve the goddamn bytes.
I could understand it with physical copies, because they only have so many physical copies, but not here.
http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/2012/3/15/07e57cc4-1c65-48b0-aa1c-bddeb08330f3.jpg
>YFW they're not going to change the goddamn ending.
Hey
They are, however, going to revise it. For free.
So stop about the DLC.
a Free Dlc... HISTORY IN THE MAKING FOR EA
No, it's Bioware.
...
Free DLC? WHERE?!
Rainbow: Salve.
http://chzvideogames.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/video-game-memes-download.jpg
hey Rainbow
Okay
Hi
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG, EA was hardly the only company to do free DLC
didn't the guy who made minecraft say EA was like… tyrants or something?
behold, Source engine
It will be 2 am when its movie night for me.
*cough* Valve
pwned
Seriously, didn't you people see the 1-hour-and-something long Bioware thing they had where they said that they were'nt goign to charge for that?
-.-
Say is this Half-Life?
wrent*
yes Episode 2
...
weren't*
YAY
I love me some half-life.
brb
In other news, Vortigaunts are cool.
^
.
theres no chat derp
Notch is best pony
The initial release of Magicka was horribly bug-ridden. Arrowhead made bugfix patches every day for two weeks to deal with their angry customers.
4 hrs to converst some mlp episodes
THE EXXXTRACT
convert*
Kandarihu, Hah, I remember that, I couldn't even launch my game
Oh, here it is. Finally. Time for a heart to heart.
EXXXTRACT
EXXXXELENT
HUMEN
Join ussss
nom
A month or two after the game's release, they made a FREE DLC called Mea Culpa that added a new robe caled the Patched Robe, which comes with a Bug Staff and a Broken Sword
Dayum Gordon is tripping balls
That's not creepy at all.
^
Doctar Freeman
Now THAT'S creepy!
I love the way he says "heart to heart".
yay gman
G-Man
00,10I love how G man says that
Hart tu hart
Best Actor evar
00,10freeeeeeeeemaaaaaan
dat Black Mesa
who is the voice actor even ?
GMan is director of Black Mesa
SpeedBlah: No, that was Breen.
^
G-Man is... the G-Man.
Breen is doll
Xen is the space corporation and G-Man is the CEO
Mabey Black Mesa, that was a joke haha fat chance
Silly G-Man she's not a Deer
I hope I wasn't the only one who spoke along with the G-Man there.
Dat Chapter Reference
Creepy G-man is creepy
Seriously, he has one of the best voices ever.
Morgan Freeman frowns upon that statement
Back
dat gnome
Giggity
CHOMPSKI RAPING ALYX
gnome likes that
Oh. Apparently, Michael Shapiro voices both Barney AND the G-Man.
this gnome...:D
dont look me like that
Michael Shapiro is bloody awesome, then.
Quagmire's Lawn Gnome
Diggin that Gnomes movements.
Gnome stares into my soul .__.
Gnome Chompski.
Be adequate!
:D
He reminds me of the changelings for some reason.
/me Still waiting for a Gnome Chompski Game
Buffercircle..
/me is still waiting for anything having to do with Michael Shapiro as the G-Man.
Seriously, that voice is so good.
So, I just bought the "Monster Energy" drink (the original green), does it taste good? I've only drunk the blue one.
Speaking about voice acting: Anyone here played Thief series?
Chocobunny: Yes.
Yes, it does.
Sup.
Does anyone lampshade Gordon carrying a gnome around everywhere at any point?
Kammerjunk: Thanks for telling me. I need this energy drink because I somehow turned my sleeping schedule upside down (Discord was here).
Do not fear! Gnome is here!
Chocobunny: Silly Discord.
Indeed.
hmm Enclave
God my video is so jumpy and laggy. ;-;
Hiya guys
hi otakon28
ello otakon28
Hey Otakun28
On tablet
kewl
otakon28: What's with the numbers?
ANTLION
ew.
Hey, antlions are cool.
Especially in HL2 with the bugbait.
They creep me out bro.
I like lion ants more.
oh god where did the gnome go?
^beside the acid ones
Chompski, noo!
Ha! No more gnome!
:'(
We must save Chompski!
Poor Chompski.
CHOMPSKIIIIIIII
Saving Private Chompski.
PISS OF GOD
Oh.
Darn.
:)
YES!
Damn Antlions sappen mah Chompski.
Go get the gnome!
Thank god, I was so worried.
Headcrabs are still cute <3
YES HE IS ALIVE! THANKS CELESTIA!
Head crabs are adorable.
Well done Freeman! You didn't lose the gnome!
Dispatch with Dispatch.
I want to see an actual film titled "Shaving Private Ryan".
So classy.
lol
Shaving Ryan's Privates rather
Why did you say that?
Chompski finds a way.
Ew..
Alright. I'm starting up a dedicated Terraria server. I think it's reachable at 68.169.139.179:7777
Poor Poison crab.
Notch Was Here
Awesome Kandarihu
Oh my god.. what if you play as Chompski in HL3?!
Pickaxe
Lol Chocobunny
nah it going to be a Free DLC Chocobunny
lol, valve can't count to 3 silly Chocobunny
REPORT IT TO GABEN IMEDIATLY.
A HOLE
What's wrong with Chompski's face?
A HOLE IN CHOMPSKI
Tf2, halflife2, portal2, Lol.
HE IS BLEEDING
He can be reached at gabenewell@valvesoftware.com
it would be hilarious if hl3 ended with freeman saying a crappy pun
He's dead Wrek
Leave him
Lol.
take his tags
Allright
Chompski is going to headbutt Breen.
oh, wait, i was wrong
Wait..
twi_sprinkle_GS17, I'd rage a million suns ^^
Hm. So apparently, my pony files, pictures, videos, music and episodes, amount to around 57 GB.
This was EP 2?
David the Gnome?7
I am disappoint at myself.
Tervicz: It's Chompski.
Do you wanna see the rabits Gordon?
Chompski work
My video is so laggy.
Kammerjunk: thats more than i have 0-0
Chompski,glass breaker
Bridge.
OMG
Vechicle.
Chompski needs to become a pony.
the most i have is 11 gigs in pony stuff
Kandarihu: But it no work.
THIS IS CAMARO SS
Car.
FREAKEN CHEVROLET CAMARO SS `69
This is the first time I started a server on this internet connection.
go do stuff freeman, while vortigaunt makes out with alyx
Wait... isn't there an episode of MLP with a garden gnome..?
3 hours and ten minutes gah..
Chompski is canon!
...
Kandarihu, Can't seem to connect
Chompski.
Kandarihu: Hosting is a terrible business.
Chompski, be careful!
00,10Wrek I think You can leave him up top
Alright. I'm going to connect my laptop to my router and see if there's something I can do about this.
I'm back...............just been in the Adventure Ponies Tournament
Adventure Ponies?
Chompski will be in safe
There might be security on my router that prevents this.
Chocobunny that 8 bit game
Kandarihu: Did you port forward?
who's streaming?
Wrek is
kk
Chompski is like Spike, no?
Chompski is a great troll.
/me plays Smile Song
He's a great gnome.
Takes more then 5 clicks to pick him up.
Chocobunny: Chompski is like that annoying kid your aunt has you dragging around because you have to be nice.
Lol.
Hiya Alister
Poison Zombie..
Ew...
hi otakon28
hai Alister
hi otakon28
Hey Alister.
Damn poison and zombie
Kammerjunk: Chompski is not that! Chompski is the kid that uses terms like "rad" and such.
hi Jim
YABBA MY ICING!
hi Rainbow
Horrible combo
Chocobunny: Exactly.
i've yet to see somepony stream toribash :(
Kammerjunk In other words, he's not Spike, he's MELVIN!
Who?
OH GOD, MELVIN.
I no Yabba.
D:
:D
But I'll Iceing your Yabba :D
Melvin is worst gnome
XD
Kammerjunk that annoying kid from ''Tremors''
Oh.
God.
LOL.
Yes creature. I can hear you.
Hi
Chompski is that guy who forgets funerals.
Barnacles.
NOOOO.
nuuuu
chompskie has been through a lot
I hope I choke before I get eaten by one of those things
Even though Chompski is a douchebag and annoying, I love him.
smack
aw his icing :(
Is that O=Patrick ?
Chompski took thoughs Barnacles like a baws.
YABBA MY ICEING.
heh :3
00,10your iceing?
UUUGHGHHHAHAAH
Zombine.
Oh hey, I think it's pretty obvious who the G-Man.
sounds like the zombies say that
Combine should of seen it coming.
Stupid Zombines.
From the Half-Life 1 ending speech, we can safely deduce that the G-Man is an alien.
And no, he's not Gordon!
Yup.
didnt stream ponies today? 0,0y-~~
He isnt.
well hes definitely an aliean
00,10I love the bit where they talk about the zombie tossing the nade back out
I wonder if Lammar is talking to Woona right nao.
Lamarr has swag.
Or de space core.
lamarr gon eat woona?
Cabrony: no ponies until September
Lamarrs debeaked.
He can't eat.
Okay guys, out of here for now
you mean defanged
Bbl
Only Melond.
No. Debeaked.
Lamarr's deswagged.
lol
^
/me eats Cheese-Its with pepperoni
/me eats a Coca-Cola can.
/me bleeds from the mouth. Ouch.
^
Poor Zomb.
He got freesbied.
Poor Chompski. Forced to be near the corpse.
dat echo
GORDON, Gordon, gordon. Dat echo^
Chompski got headshotted
CHOMPSKI.
Poor guy.
Who did that?
BOOM HEADSHOT.
^Alyx
I will personally molest them.
Alyx, where the fuck are you?
Alyx... I am dissapoint.
Yup.
I hope HL3 will induce a choice: Save Chompski or Alyx.
Fuck Alyx.
^
I bet if she avoid the target she would shoot them.
aww yeah sawblade
ded
Ded.
Lol.
BOOM, HAHA!
Ded, no big suprise.
^POW, HAHA!
Dem Headcrab.
Head crab <3
Jumpin like a baws.
Like a crabz
I hate headcrabs. The only acceptable headcrab is Lamarr.
It's the fast ones that are a pain.
Holy Crab!!
Hurhurhurhur
I ship Lamarr and Watermelons.
Rainbow: The poision ones remind me of spiders..hairy ones..
Lol Chocobunny.
Lamarr x Watermelons
I ship it ^
Hey, spiders are cool.
I ship Lamarr and Otakon. :>
Gordon x Chompski
I don't know what to do. I made a wired connection to my router. So if it works this time, it means I'm going to have a hard time running this server until I can get a 25 foot Ethernet cable
i only approve of the Pinkie Pie headcrab
Kandarihu Sounds anoying and a pain bro.
Someone retex Gummy into a headcrab.
NOW.
^
Kammerjunk: yes that one <3
Gummy is best Headcrab.
Lammar is best Headcrab
On second thought: Flying headcrab? We're f**ked!
dat RD headcrab :3
lOL.
*Lol.
68.169.139.179:7777 on Terraria. Can anyone get in?
It's Lamarr, not Lammar. :L
CHOMPSKI IS DRIVER
Headcrabs that use magic
Soopha fun tiem yah!
Chompski is universal gnome
Kandarihu: I'll get on in a min.
Headhumping is magic
O_O
Chompski dosent need to crouch.
dat crow
Kandarihu: I can't seem to connect.
I for one welcome our Gnome Overlords
Kaw.
Macaw.
Aark
Caw.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: *underlords
badass
Catchy Music is catchy.
Hmmmm
Fast Combine
Whats that "static" sound?
its a Radiation thingy
Rainbow: Geiger counter
Fast Zombine
ya
It's so friggen anoying.
CHOMPSKI!
Kandarihu: I'm stuck on "connecting to" screen.
It's the Geiger counter.
K thanks.
Welp Atleast I know what it is.
0.0
Alright. I guess that's a relief.
Computer cord nao.
brb
Oh, and guys, a friendly reminder if you live in a city : DO NOT buy a Geiger counter. It will be ticking all the time.
Lol
Cell Phones have Radiation dont they?
No idea, but the usual city radiation is 22 rads.
<-<
I tick, tick, tick. Why do I tick, tick? What amazing trick makes me tick, tick tick?
Good god, Why do I know that song?
so what movie are we watch soon?
Fun Fact: Radiation level in many big cities is higher than in some areas of Chernobyl Zone
Guys, why do you have to be so entertaining? I just bought Age of Mythology, but now I don't want to go and play it. :C
oh boy
i think my ethernet cable is aboot 30+ feet
DrGanjalf: In the outskirts of the zone, yes.
:DD
There's a controversy over whether the radiation in cell phones is harmful to human beings
yup
Am I the only one here that is fascinated by destruction?
ded.
Cell phones will not give you cancer.
Only hepetitis.
Chocobunny: Doubt that
hepatitis*
WILSON NOO
Kammerjunk: Which one?
Chocobunny: Pardon?
Kammerjunk: What hepatitis? There are more than one.
...I don't know.
All of them.. mother of god.
I was just quoting that Fact Sphere.
Lol.
so far 2 episodes of mlp converted :|
Speaking of the Fact Sphere, did you know that germanium has an atomic weight of 72.64?
OH MY FUCKING GOD.
I need that.
NOW.
^
Heavy will not be complete without Chompski.
Then the ultimate swag has been reached.
WRK!
You..bastards..
WREK KILLED CHOMPSKI
Wrek, you're doomed.
Chompski will haunt you.
someone is trying to buy a island and name it equestria
orly
Link.
Well, you -can- buy your own island.
It just costs a goddamn fortune.
TheDoctor: Link, now.
on my kindle fire so wait a min
Besides, if that island is planned to be the brony utopia, then it has to be big.
Yup.
hello everypony
Chompski challenges you: http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/masonry/000/153/429/gnomechompski.jpg
Wallpaper.
NOW.
hi yifle1
Kammerjunk: Depends http://www.privateislandsonline.com/sale-price-under-250K.htm
wrek u and your things
:D
Wrek gonna burry Chompski
DrGanjalf: Too small, though.
A BODY IN A CAR!
hows going
Bronies should usurp some small country..
only $250K? what a bargin
Perhaps the Vatican?
Back
Estonia
Rainbow: Wrek killed Chompski.
We should all go to some time nation nobody knows about and overthrow the government.
Kammerjunk: Like Liechtenstein?
i sat we buy the Bahamas, its only $29,995,000
say*
Hello?
Wrek?
Wasn't Sealand for sale?
Also, fun fact: It's possible to order custom underground bunkers safe from virtually everything but Batman.
Better Buy Estonia
Really ;-;
Oh hi, Luna.
LOL
lol
Nah, buy Sweden.
www.indiegogo.com/Equestria thats the link to help bulid equestria
wait what
CHOMPSKI
Wait, what?!
HÄR TAR DET SLUT
Is Wrek swedish?!
FIRST!
We're not building Equestria........ thats retarded
I say it's quite awesome.
TheDoctor: Why didn't he go to Kickstarter instead?
we could use the money for the good of ppl, not for a crazed fan's dream
I say it's a good way to scam money out of folks
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG no the fact that we arent building equestria is whats retarded
My video froze
Darkts3: Good as in what?
dont know dont care lets just shut up and give him money
LMAO
^exactly, We need to find a way to alternate dimension in which Equestria exist
bye gnome
Build equestria? now that is goin to cost alot 0-0
00,10lolwut
oh
DrGanjalf: That's why I keep telling you foals to become quantum scientists.
00,10the car has a gnome cannon
We need that goddamn gateway!
This is where we need to get a stargate.
I am wearing my brony T-shirt right now
Then we can go to Equestria.
I cant wait two hours.
we bronyies need our own countr
brb
00,10and this is where wrek finds out he could have left the gnome with alyx all along
..what if Equestria is in the other end of a black hole?
FACK MAH BRAIN
THIS IS NOT CAMARO
hi everyone :)
Hey, Hrafn!
hi
THIS IS FREAKIN CHALLENGER R/T. GOD PISS THIS IS BEAUTIFUL
HEMI ENGINE
Canyonaro!
This is the moment when you should say "Goodbye" to Chompski
hey Hrafn how've you been
pretty good, and you?
hey Hrafn
Well, I'm going to go take a shower.
Dark92Enigma i just saw one of the the 60 minute steamboat flair matches
hello everypony
Chompski, be careful, otherwise you'll get a popup with "HÄR TAR DET SLUT".
Hrafn i've been good
yay :3
hey d3rb how've you been
alexxm I'll take a guess.......steamboat won?
great alexxm, you?
yep Dark92Enigma
d3rb i've been good
*sings eastbound and down
05he is sooo gona fall out
^eeyup
The gnome wants to drive
Who is playing?
alexxm man, you can never count him out........he can hold his own against Ric Flair and Macho Man
gnome is best pony
Hrafn, he has a name.
oh? o:
Chompski.
Gnome Chompski.
when did he go agaisnt randy savage Dark92Enigma
lol
Chompski?
Frustration!
Alive!?!
Fluttertration
CHOMPSKI!
alexxm AT Wrestlemania III , When Mach was the IC champ back then
CHOMPSKI, U NO STAY IN THE CAR?
*Y U NO
alexxm Pontiac Silverdome
Can you jam him into the engine? Y'know like a hood ornament?
Chompski is too much of a badass for his own good.
Dark92Enigma how'd i forget that
brb
Chompski the Gnome: Ultimute Badass
damn
GarretBrony: E-mail Valve, now.
GarrettBrony: More like Ultimate Painintheass
why?
alexxm i don't blame you.......most people remember Hogan vs Andre
comrae chompski
Chocobunny why?
annnnd he's out
GarrettBrony: That needs to become a game.
dat portal
Wai,t where's Chompski?!
OK I've actually read the Valve employee hand book. Getting that game out will be revativly easy
I'm doing SCIENCE!
Howdy y'all!
hi Everlasting_Joy
WHERE THE HELL IS CHOMPSKI?!
is this the end for chompski?
Howdy Hrafn.
Is he playng HL:2 Ep 1?
If Chompski is dead, I'll cry.
Chompski has alerted the horde
Even if it means go and cutting an onion.
i wonder if we'll get a rage quit if chompski is gone :D
lol
yep
Ah yes, where the ammo crates literally are crates :).
more
needs moar dakka
And here goes the achievement that I strangely can't get
HÄR TAR DET SLUT! Whoever playing is swedish. <-<
I'm Swedish too :O
:D
Me too.
I have never learned to read
yay :3
Maybe I should ask Shizuka about this
Mr Chompski fell out the vehicle when you first entered that town.
Vroom vroom!
ah I guess he didn't :P
Chompski, I was so worried!
Oh, thank the heavens.
Lets have a moment of silence for mr Chompski
chompski you are so drunk, stop jumping out of the car
how did he get that name anyway?
Oh god. Someone did a parody song of Smile Smile Smile with the Pyro.
link it
CANT.
GarrettBrony: Left for Dead 2 reference.
oh
whats the video title
complete the Dog race with chompski in the car
*points to stream* Thats why.
Litwick then just tell me what to search
lol
my ears demand to absorb this, I must look for it now
Litwick: Have you seen "This Day Aria" with Spy?
Its called Fire Fire Fire Music Video.
^dis gon be gud
Nothing new.
Someone made some dudes lyrics into a music video.
:P
Litwick I hound it
Was it made by someone called "joshscorcher"?
Pyro is best pony :U
Did Pinkie steal those rainbows from Cloudsdale again?
oh god, that made me laugh :P
So, was it uploaded by a dude named "joshscorcher"?
If so, thats the one.
Look, it's Jane!
eww
D:
Also, the one singing in the video is not the channel owner. The channel owner himself is not a brony, at least I dont think he is.
Sorry to cut this short folks. I need to take off.
Hes in the Marines at this time, and he got to go to bronycon. Marines and Bronycon of course mean... Semper Filly.
Semper Filly, that's genious
Bronies are semper filly.
If you dont know what semper filly/ semper fi is: google it.
hello everypony :) how is everypony doing today ?
Also: who's Lulu?
hey sergio_scriptor
hi sergio_scriptor :)
chompski!!!
just waiting for the movie night to start, you?
Lulu is Luna me thinks
Hrafn: me too :P
/me hugs Jim and Hrafn
/me squeaks
I think, that just maybe. The gnome isn't in the car any more
05maybe
:P
Dude, where's my gnome?
so Wrek is playing episode 2 i see,is he going for the gnome achivement ? :)
Gone is gnome.
Thatd make sense.
I mean Gnome is gone.
I hope you still have that Gnome... or you saved right before that.
CHOMPSKIIIII
Why is the Gnome gone?
DrGanjalf: :'( not ramirez :'(
i have 2 alarms 1 for the movie night and 1 for steam sale
The Gnome gone?
:'(:'(
Gnome Down!
When does the new sales on steam begin by the way?
inb4 Chompski takes down helicopter
I will ROTFL if i'll see Chompski on the backseat after this
Jim: either 1 or 2 P.M
What time zone?
idk
R.I.P Chompski
hello all
hi Brony4Eva :)
hi Brony4Eva
lmao
Also to all the military bronies out there: SEMPER FILLY!
LOL
pff
he just wanted to hug the bomb
I'm going into the army in October
Jim: Good luck! :)
Sundaysmile: is it ironic that the guy looked like gordon frhoman ? :p
Litwick, I think Semper Friends might be better
i love this song :)
hi guys
hi tehepicbrony
dem Ink Spots
hi tehepicbrony
bonjour
hallo RAWRity :)
hi RAWRity
:D
just brought trixie home :3
What is Wrek's Steam ID?
=o
ok guys their are ponys i my house i goten use to them though time to make muffins huh no muffin mix DERPY!!!!!
<3 sawblades
his name is Wrek on steam, Chocobunny
i guess you can say that the zombies *puts on sunglasses* SAW it coming.YEEEEEAAAAH
look for the picture of the buttsecks soldier
Kandarihu: You do know what "Semper Filly" is right?
kill it with barrels
11,01It! Could! Work!
So many Wreks on Steam. o.o
Ohay Nittany_Discord
dancing skeleton
Lawl
derpy u seen dash? derpy: no.... but pinkie went upstairs
Nittany_Discord: Could it?
Always a young female pony
Found him!
<-<
11,01GilDash: It could.
Someone out in the woods is gonna shit a brick wall when a flying skeleton lands on them
:D
DASH
Hey AttacktheAndalite
http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/525548_3122663784226_865069821_n.jpg
Ohai
11,01Hi.
RAWRity: OHGODWHY
It's a cute pun, and all. But I don't think it works as a battle cry
RAWRity: :O is that a cosplay or is she naked i cant tell :|
I think it's a he
Nobody noticed. <-<
sergio_scriptor: that's a he
RAWRity: Lotsa spaghetti
11,01RAWRity: It's you! :p
sometimes it astounds me how far ppl could go O_O
dash: yes? wany to go outside? dash: sure...
RAWRity: :| crap
Tehepicbrony: Ignore.
11,01Conventions are full of spaghetti.
and the Actors are the meatballs?
choco what yo mean
11,01Bronycon must have been The Olive Garden.
Spaghetti, spaghetti all out of their pockets
Jim, you beat me to it.
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/3t0uf7unek6wdmte7xr4sq2.png
Suddenly.. spaghetti started falling out of my pockets.
Lawl
I love those stories.
Silly Wrek, use the gravity gun
Always crack me up.
HÄR TAR DET SLUT.
Gravity gun iz best weappom
kill it with guns
weapon*
Kill it with herpes.
O_O
dat Bronysith
kill it with revolver
HIYA everypony
dat Jim
HÄR TAR DET SLUT.
there should be a gavity gun that shoots crowbars...Oh wait
11,01Wrek, use your awesomeness as a weapon.
I think bronies and anti-bronies can agree on one thing: Fuck spaghetti.
D:
What ends here, Choco?
kill it whit grenade
Lawl
Not the food. The person.
Nittany_Discord: that would destroy us all
hai guys its derpy tehepic bronys out at the park with dash so hai
i'd survive :3
HerpDerp: *tf2medicnoidea.png*
Oke
internet derped
kill it whit shotgun ... with how manny things do he gone kill
Is this from normal campaign? i cant remember this place
HerpDerp: yep,it is
HerpDerp: yes
i heard you guys are crazy about me even though i got about 3 lines....
Speaking of Pokemon crossbreeds http://derpy.me/53SZp
so how you guys doing
XD
xD
lol
11,01Jim: :p
:D
tehepicbrony: fairly good :)
lol the guy who playes is swedish ;3
I think
butterape use ... i dont gonna say it
Jim: LOL
Butterape use HARDEN
plz again teh is out just reffer to me as derpy cuz i am tehs out at the par
:D
Butterrape used POUND
k
lol
ded
overkill
in fact ill make my own username
Oh damn
brb
alexxm: looks like something from SCP Containment Breach
dat mr.mime
11,01Yay achievement.
hi guys
hi derpyhovvves123 :)
hey derpyhooves123 how you doing
i love achiefments they are all mine
good good im use tehepicbronys computer hes out
They Pimped Wrek's Car
yo dawg...
pimp my ride
Lol Almost Ded
hi derpyhovvves123
11,01Wrek runs right past the caches.
Wrek is best driver
^
:D
GeoCaching: The Game
me and the other ponies benn invadein tehs house
Who put all these objects and walls infront of Wrek?
they were never seen again
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: the g-man ?
^
Silly Human, Letters cannot be Men
11,01Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Are you always drawing?
Nittany_Discord: only at night
Nittany_Discord: but yah
yo dawg i heard you like crowbars so we build a crowbar in you car so you can ... i dont know why we build a crowbar in your car
crap tehs here i better get back too making muffins
combine trap incoming
Where are the Zombie Ghosts?
i told you so
IT'S A TRAP!
Hahahaha
yay
hi guys
TRAP A ITS
Late are you.
welcome back tehepicbrony
11,01This game makes me wants Half-Life 3.
Nittany_Discord: I know right ?
anything happen sice i was at the park with dash anyone new in chat
tehepicbrony: not realy
ouch
11,01An SP-centric FPS
right in the 'nads
oh thoghtbone of the ponys were here
Nittany_Discord: No... surely that's a myth. I think you be needing your medication now, hmm?
Half Life 3 is as real as Slenderman
11,01GilDash: I guess you're right.
11,01What am I thinking?
11,01FPSs are only for MP.
Half-Life 3 is the new DNF
11,01:p
If HL3 comes out, it better have a GOOD multiplayer
Nittany_Discord: We'll show them someday. :)
11,01It better had NO multiplayer.
Half-Life has never been about multiplayer
11,01No DLC.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: it's a half-life game,if it has multiplayer it will only be co-op :|
Nittany_Discord: >.>
11,01No bullshit that ruins games today.
http://i.imgur.com/35Uc3.jpg
so anyone with the ponys name our here their prb mine so anyone at al
DrGanjalf: lol
Nittany_Discord: Valve gives free dlc tho
hmmmm
Im very hungry
havent eaten all day
should I go buy some pizza?
tehepicbrony: ENGLISH MOTHERFUCKER, DO YOU SPEAK IT?
lol
11,01Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: True. I forgot.
derpy was here wasent she?
DrGanjalf: :D lol
Wrek's Ded
so, anway, got my new car today!
Cool Rawrity
RAWRity: is it any good ? :P
this part is very hard
what car is it RAWRity
valve: there is a new game comming. me:yay valve: Ricochet 2 me::[
sergio_scriptor: pretty good, especially considering it's 13 years old
alexxm: 2000 Ford Taurus SE
it is on hardest difficulty
goota go put derpy in time out
Dat wakeup call
damn hunters everywhere that refuse to die
is this episode 1 or 2?
hunter are worst explosive tumors carriers
2
Spitfire: 2
i leik dis episode :3
Sparat
11,01Valve gives extra content away for free. Other major companies want you to pay for it, and even will cut content out of the main game and sell it back.
its episode 4
Spitfire, I think it's episode 2
Nittany_Discord: hmm
http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/561357_426319670742629_369147211_n.jpg
wow Alyx
HELLO bioware
lol
STOOPID GURL!
ded
BITCH MOVE!!!
There needs to be a mod where you can Bitch Slap Alyx
she moves!
RAWRity: too much dawwwwww
11,01Paying for extra content is fine. Cutting crap out to resell is BS.
^
Nittany_Discord: Welcome to corporate greed...
lol
I wonder what Interplay would had done
Nittany_Discord: that is why valve is the king of video game companies
Wrek: you should use the gravity gun to throw the needles that it shoots, back at the hunter :3
Spitfire: that doesnt work
Well, let the companies that sacrifice customer loyalty for a few extra bucks get their just deserts.
Dark92Enigma: it does actually
Nittany_Discord: EA stands for Evil Assholes
we still on half life 2?
No one company should be lauded abot the others, for fear of watching it become as corrupt as the others...
Flyboy: Half Life 2 Episode 2
thers an achivement for killing hutners with their own ammunition
11,01He skipped Ep 1?
The only thing EA has going for it is that its one of the few gaming companies to acknowledge they support homosexuality.
http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/559197_497901763557098_1400772682_n.jpg
Nittany_Discord: No he played it
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: it does actually :3
11,01Missed it then.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: i've done it lots of times :3
my god, will someone please stream toribash!
RAWRity: Aww
Nittany_Discord: also missed Phase's play
to EA Screw is a compliment
i love valve for this: "They said if there was going to be a "half-life:the movie" they would do them theirselves using the source engine :)
Spitfire i've noticed everytime Darkts3|Drawing|MLG is here, everypony mixes him up with me :D
Dark92Enigma: ppl are too lazy to type my name
Every game company has some flaws: Acti with their DLC's, Ubi with their DRM's, Steam can be annoying too
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: what you do is, you grab an object, use it as a shield for the needles, then throw the object back at it :3
11,01Steam ignores exchange rates.
11,01$1 = 1 euro.
hmm
which should instakill teh hunter \:3/
Nittany_Discord: Even worse when it's £'s. =_=
11,01I don't think they do that with English pounds.
If $1 = £1
hi everypony :D
Oh, good.
hi ashka
lol me gusta for uero
So anyone getting Arma 2?
ignoring exchange rates is pretty idiotic :P
That'd be screwed up
euro
hi ashka
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: only if it is too play Dayz
yup
hey ashkra how've you been
I wish they'd just stick to one currency.
11,01That's something Activision would do.
I mean, it's not hard to google a converter.
fail
Wrek: open the door lol
Nittany_Discord: They *all* try it. Not just games either, *everything*.
11,01$1 = 1 everything else that's worth more than a dollar.
The problem with EA is, that they seem to consolidate all those things that are pain in gamer's ass
lol just drive
11,01DrGanjalf: Yeah, and they think it's a good thing.
hmm dat driving
At least it's not $1 = 1 JPY.
I'm kinda looking forward to seeing how the Ouya will turn out
Wrek is a terrible driver
Even mein NFS can drive better
*Me
Is Luna Lulu?
11,01Instead of being better than the crap publishers, they copy the BS.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Yes.
SpeedBlah: got german on the mind ? :)
i would not get in wreks car even if there was time to explain
hello we are ea here is a game for 50$ but its not ready yet you need to pay us 150$ for the full one
Nein,just mistake
11,01EA are also hypocrites. I forgot about that.
05ok guise
05this is the end for now
Nittany_Discord: They see what they can get away with and use that. For a company, it's a smart move. For us, it sucks.
Aww
05gotta make dinner and all ^^
aww
05hope ya liked it so far :D
Wrek: well thanks for streaming :)
yay
is it because Alyx is a bitch?
11,01Thanks Wrek.
thanks for Streaming Wrek
Meh, I don't have a problem with them.
Wrek: Thank you. :)
thanks for the stream, it's been fun :)
you there Phase4?
thanks for the stream Wrek
So, are you going to go back to the last save you made before losing the gnome?
i like it bye Wrek
If people still buy what they make, then what they're doing can't be that bad.
Phase is probably Sleeping
11,01GilDash: Gaming companies can get away with a lot sadly.
^
11,01Bad consumer base.
Nittany_Discord: Regulation. Nothing will come of it until there's more of it.
11,01They'll take anything for the next CoD or ME.
You can't blame the company for consumers putting up with bullshit
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-LE0ycgkBQ
Gonna download DiRT
Showdown
time to repost
well, at least indie games have been getting better and more common, at least in my experience
Maybe Ken Block gonna ride in Estonia
next time someone does a stream, please make it be of Toribash
Nittany_Discord: I mean look at it: The banking crisis happened primarily from lack of regulation. Same sort of deal.
The company just wants to make as much money as possible, of course it's going to try stuff like this.
GilDash, the only regulations that the game companies will get is regulating the amount of violence in the games.
Happiest day ever
Ken Block in Estonia
It's the consumers job to show them what they can and can't get away with.
11,01Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Best G-mod video on the net.
consumers'*
Nittany_Discord: well, its one of the best
On his Ford Fiesta
so if people stopped buying each years cod they'd actually be inoventive with the next one
alexxm: It won't happen though...
11,01And intelligent consumers like me get punished.
A die-hard fan will let their favorite publisher get away with anything and everything. If there are enough die-hard fans, then the publisher has it made in the shade.
Valve: here a free DlC guys EA:monnnnnneeeeeyyyy
Will a Mod ever stream Halo?
Then rally consumers against the companies instead of just whining about company practices then.
11,01If they're able.
I hope this isn't about Mass Effect 3 again.
Well if no one does anything, don't expect anything to change
11,01Yeah. Consumers are too complacent to rally.
BRB guys raging about how fucknig stupid Harper is.
11,01Well, that's slowly changing.
11,01But I don't expect consumer resentment for bad games to stay for long.
There'll be a revolution. There has to be, otherwise there'll be nothing in the game at all anymore. :D
HEY EVERYPONY! :)
How Bout dem Waffles :3
hey Ponies47
11,01Gotta get off of a dead horse.
Ponies47: Holla! :)
Hi Ponies47
I approve of waffles :O
11,0147 ponies just walked into chat!
XD
Waffles are good :3
Nittany_Discord: You been killing ponies here?! :O
11,01No.
;3
you can tell he's serious with a period !
;3
Nittany_Discord: Then... why did you bring a dead horse into chat? :p
/me 11,01dusts Derpy_Hooves
hi Derpy_Hooves
11,01GilDash: I didn't mean to.
Nittany_Discord: I'm kidding, Nit. :D
hai :3
Heya
11,01I'm sorry! *cries*
its a Conspiracy
hi
/me hugs Nittany_Discord.
hi pony__601595
hi
/me 11,01hugs GilDash
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: just finished watching the video :D
hey Derpy_Hooves and Chrysalis hows your day been
pretty good
yours?
No stream?
Since im Posting random stuff heres a random stuff
11,01sergio_scriptor: The video is slightly hyperbolic, but it's true for the most part.
its been good Chrysalis
hi Derpy_Hooves ,Chrysalis , pony_601595 , DIZZYRATCHET
yes?
Nittany_Discord: i lotes when gabe newell appeared :D
Nittany_Discord: I thought we'd stopped beating that horse? :D
*lost it
11,01Sorry.
lol
Nittany_Discord: Let the poor thing have a rest otherwise it'll die from exhaustion. :D
yo Darkts3|Drawing|MLG i heard you like posing random stuff so we build in your car random stuff :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1YrrAroK6bI
/me 11,01draws Darkts3|Drawing|MLG
/me is shocked
how long til eurostream ?
thats quite good, short
but good
:3
Chrysalis: i hope the extended video comes soon
just over an hour and a half
11,01I drew Darkts3|Drawing|MLG like one of my French mares :p
http://fim.413chan.net/fic/src/132980934216-108128_-_i_love_you_.jpg true story :3
ima guy
hmm ok thanks enough time togo shopping as im not that interested in Wargamesanyway
aww :3
so question being, what did you draw me into o_o
sergio_scriptor: We love you too. :)
Nittany_Discord: Feel free to draw me like that any time. ;)
movies over 1 h and 38 minand new steam deals over 38 min
i men 34
we mutually feel that expression too sergio_scriptor
How long will the sale last?
Chocobunny: and hour or 2
12 h 37 min
And, how much of a discount will we get?
hmm should i vote Hl2 for 75% or Portal 2 75%
75% 66% 50%
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: half-life probably
i got all the games so i voted for half life 2
/me will wait for eternities for Arma 2 to go down more
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG me to i want that mod dayz
we all do
i want dayz to be F2P and be a stand-alone game,just imagine the possibilities :)
What move will it be?
*movie
sergio_scriptor: silly, its a mod
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: i know ,that is why i want it to be a stand-alone :3
Darkts3: "to be F2P and BE A STAND-ALONE GAME".
then we would have to pay for it
wy no stream
ducky: cause no one is streaming :P
Captain Obvious strikes again.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: not if it is F2P :)
because mods are either eating, planning Rituals, or sleeping
sergio_scriptor : logic
they'll probably be a stream soon
What movie will they stream?
i dont know
Wargames and Young Frankenstein
Chocobunny: war games,and young frankenstein
Chocobunny wargames and young frankenstein
I get it.
Stop spamming me with it. :C
what movies did we get in the lottery?
lotto is done today
Sounds like.. bad movies. :l> I'm going to go and watch Ballad of the Brony.
Back in an hour.
i think i read somewhere that the makers of dayz say that if arma 2 keeps selling the way it is,they might plan on doing dayz a stand-alone and f2p so yes,looking forward to that :)
on steam they said that DayZ requires these Arma 2 games O_O
its pretty big
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: that why it's a mod silly :P
Fuck yeah, Ballad of the Brony!
:D
29 min till new deals
i hope its left 4 dead 2 for 5 bucks then i can gift it to a friend
is the chat derping or just really quiet?
quiet
indeed :)
shh
wayyy to quiet for 130 ppl
LOUD NOISES
AHHHHHH
lets do a quiet shout out
anyone wants to play "nigger number" with me ? i say a number and the person that says a bigger number then the other wins :)
*bigger lol :)
LETS ALL TALK IN CAPS, MAYBE PEOPLE WILL WAKE UP THEN
d3rb no....
OK
or not....your choice
i will start: 37
9000
9001
12000
over 9000
LOL
sergio_scriptor: 48billion.
600000
I'm back by the way :D
1 TRILLION
%
1 quadrillion.
INFINITE
INFINITY
MadSurge: won
MadSurge: That's a concept, not a number.
No stream?
over INFINITY
IFINITI +1
Hi GilDash!
INFINITE MINUS ONE
MUFFINS
ININITY isn't a number! :D
ducky wins
PINKIE PIE !
LOL
yay
hey guys
OVER 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999
hi GarrettBrony :)
HI
hi GarrettBrony
hi GrrettBrony
lol
GarretBrony
DIZZYRATCHET: what 9000 ?there is no way that can be right...
GarrettBrony
IDK
OR IS IT
so did you see the video on brony physcology?
Googleplex.. :D
11,01DIZZYRATCHET: Cool it with the caps.
GarrettBrony: no yet...
*not
EEYUP
guys!!!! im so happy#!!!!
tehepicbrony: why so ? :P
ITS TO KEEP CHAT ALIVE
Something UNrelated http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qPr-xsQvhgw
tehepicbrony why?
11,01Chat is fine.
sorry
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: SLAP
derpy is getiing her own episode!!! "a derp in lifle"!!
brb
sorry DIZZYRATCHET , caps was my idea :P
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG dont you mean and now for something completeley different
DIZZYRATCHET: We only use the Royal Canterlot Voice here for special occasions. Revival of chat isn't one of them. :)
i know
tehepicbrony: :O :O :O YEEEEEEEEEEES
is it not fake
i thought that was fake
also luna returns !!
yup
tehepicbrony: :\ ok
Back
11,0147 more ponies!
i want an episode when luna dreams she is woona :3
i still think its fake
its ALL revloed around derpy!!
tehepicbrony can you get visual confermation
Ponies^47
here ill try to get a link
th number is 130 it need to be 177
or an officail hub confermation
oh
kay
11,01Are we discussing S3 spoilers?
Nittany_Discord: MORE PONIES! :p
11,01Ponies47: Yes.
Nittany_Discord: no *lying applejack face*
11,0194 ponies now.
hmm
Becareful now, no spoilers of any kind in chat :/
94 desktop ponies?
Please no more spoilers for Season 3! D;
D:
/me pokes Ponies47
11,01I streamed 1000 Rainbow Dashes one day.
:3
Can we not spoil season 3, please? :(
Nittany_Discord: im guessing thats how it led up to the motherboard problems
Nittany_Discord: Agian? 6_9
http://geekpeak.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/spoilers.png river song says:; NO!
no spoils ok
who was it who dis 1000 derpys
its stupid you can only do 1000, need to open the program more than once to go over it
need over 9000 derpys
I'M NOT SPOILING. I know a few things but I'm not gonna say anything! I Pinkie Pie promise! Cross my heart, hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my eye!
herei cant link
poor cupcake
god im so lazy
/me sticks a cupcake in Ponies47's eye.
but uere look up derpy gets her own episode
its cupcake abuse
the clock goes so slow whent there is nothing being streamed :'(
d3rb|ideaMASTER too many UNTZ
i think my laptop would die if i try 1000 RD agian
lets celabrte derpy is not censored anymore
/me Licks the cupcake outta eye "What? I'm not gonna waste a perfectly good cupcake" Noms on the cupcake
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LkJ3_nVq8s
Sup.
GarrettBrony, never enough untz
Hey Rainbow
hi Rainbow
Hey
Ponies47 : yay re-use all the cupcakes
Bronysith: spoilers
hey rainbow derpy is un censoredin hernepisode
Bronysith NO SPOILERS!
Hi all
Trying to kill the time so if you need me just Hollah.
so what now
so when exactly is the season 3 priemere now ? :|
Hollah hollah get dollah
JOHN MADDEN
woooooo
*coughs* next month *coughs agian*
PATEN MANNING
Ponies47: hurray :)
john madden
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
AEIOU
hey mods, since alot of people may overlook or ignore the spoiler warning on s3, can you make the chat spam "no s3 spoilers" when you enter chat?
d3rb its a normal rule for no spoilers
HELLO
TOM BRADY
I'm Commander Shepard.
I'm Mario
ignoring it will incure standard wrath
13 min till new steam deal
I'M NOT SPOILING! I Pinkie Pie promised!
i know, yet people still ignore or dont know about it
ignorance is not an excuse
i never said you were Ponies47
the headlines say no spoilers
you have to move past "rules" to get to theatre
well thats enough of BF3
Just sayin d3rb|ideaMASTER
I like steak.
i mean like an onslaught of messages on entering the chat, really drive the point home
mmm Steak
of course you do
/me has already seen spoilers :3
I f*cking love steak
I @#$%ing love steak.
Hank Hill would be proud of this chat
just keep that pinkie pie promise Ponies47...you know what happens to those who break them...
^
ded
I'm Commander Shepard and my favourite pony is S̜̻̟̬̞̝͌̍̃̔͘L̶͕̺ͯ̏̍̃͂E̡̫̣̩͎͓̰͐ͦͤ͑̕͞N̶̨̞͍̹͊̓̌ͯ̉͆̾́Ḑ̴̗̠̗̲̯͙ͧ͌̇ͩË̟́͢͞Ŗ̠͙̱ͥͭ͐ͥ̾̎̎͟M̪̣̜̩̓ͯ̋̇̓̃͆͟A̔̈̉̿̕͟͏̦͙̺͙Ŗ̩̝͈̭͂ͥ̍͂͒̃̀͑́Ẽ̵̝̘̥̯͈͖̻̫̺̿̈̏͜
?
*earth control*-moonbase alpha this earth control,please state the current situation-*moonbase alpha*-"uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu,aeiou,john maden-"*earth control*-bring the code book...
I F*cking love propane
/me sells propane and propane accsories
.............
/me uses charcole
11,01Crap. Has to be a 1-day ban now.
What the hay is even going on?
11,01Not 1-hour.
boy ah tell yah whut
Onii-chan, am I kawaii?
Nittany_Discord: what you mean?
Uguu
GarrettBrony me want
/me d3rb|ideaMASTER: "Yeah" nervously looks over at Pinkie Pie
11,01Someone else got a 1-day ban for spoilers.
Nittany_Discord: Don't go crazy with The Hammer now... :S
0.0
sergio_scriptor; Moon Base alpha did you find the monolith yet?
Snape kills dumbledore!
Rosebud is the sled
she is watching Ponies47, forever watching, never blinking.... no pressure dude :)
Darth Vader is Lukes Father
Nittany_Discord: hmm
GarrettBrony: uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu....
nooooooooooooooo!
Here comes another chinese earthquake ebrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbrbbrbrbr
GilDash its not crazy with the banhammer if more people are ignoring the rules
SPOILER: Season 3 has Applejack in it
Titanic Sinks and Jack dies
Chrysalis: True...
screw the rules i have money
cant just give shorter sentances because more people are ignoring the rules
05back from dinner
spoilers ... spoiler every where
Nittany_Discord: Like I said. No spoilers from me. I Pinkie Pie promised
wb Wrek
Spoiler there is going to pie ponies in Season 3
what did you ate for dinner Wrek ? :)
WB Wrek
*be ponies
Someone get some steak
pony_872382 an attitude like that will get you kicked or banned, rules are there for a reason
05fast fewd
11,01GilDash: Sorry. I hate to ban regulars, but everyone has to follow the rules.
Welcome bak, Wrek
Nittany_Discord: I know, Nits. I don't hold it against you. :)
Wrek: ha,the most healthy of all of foods :P
/me 11,01hugs GilDash
SPOILERS the Butler did it
11,01OK.
/me snuggles Nittany_Discord.
Hey Wrek, am I allowed to hug you?
The best kind of spoiler is the kind you put on your car. :D
Nittany_Discord: Like that one time I got banned for an hour for linking that *Looks around* you know :s
Nittany_Discord it was his own fold
spoiler: Darth Vader is Luke's Father :O
SPOILERS Bruce Willis was actually dead
spoilers increase downforce
2hrs left on converting mlp episodes :)
i like random stuff :3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2FYsPMBkYo&feature=related
11,01Lol d3rb|ideaMASTER
Spoilers: This isn't a spoiler.
Hi Nittany_Discord!
hi MadSurge
SPOILERS, soylent green is people
11,01Hi MaidSurge.
It was his sled!
7 min till steam deals
/me prepares wallet
lol MadSurge
salutations everyone, how are ye?
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
g'day Dken2021
spoilers we don't see the blairwitch
/me 11,01dusts Chrysalis
hay Dken2021
Spoilers, Nittany_Discord was a maid
d3rb|ideaMASTER: watch that movie, Peter Griffin is an idiot :D
11,01GarrettBrony: Dammit!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V9lb7WwvRsk Irrelevent
spoilers: nilbog means Goblin :O
hey Dken2021 i'm good how about you
/me takes Nittany_Discord's feather duster 2000
11,01Hey!
its on the list MadSurge
:3
11,01Give that back.
/me sells Nittany's Maid Outfit on Ebay
alexxm great, watched a playthrough of heavy rain, really want the game now
11,01NO!
/me tosses feather duster 2000 to Ponies47
/me gives Nittany_Discord a duster buster.
Its Murica
Nittany_Discord....what's going on?
/me bids on maid outfit
/me Gives the feather duster 200 back to Nittany_Discord
BAD EVERYPONY! :[
:D
*2000
sergio_scriptor way ahead of ya
/me gets highest bid on maid outfit from d3rb|ideaMASTER
11,01Thanks Ponies47
Spoiler Alert: Slenderman isnt Re-..........
Ponies47: Hey, I was being good! :(
/me is ded
/me buys the maid outfit from d3rb|ideaMASTER
SPOILER: cake is a lie
Spoilers: Chedder comes from Chedder Gorge.
GilDash: Well the ones that took the feather duster 2000. Sorry :(
/me revives Darkts3|Dead|MLG
/me 11,01takes outfit back and demands stop to RP.
^
Spoilers: Candlejack was pho
Nittany_Discord: Do I get a cookie?
Ponies47: 'S'a'ight. :)
:)
11,01Don't steal a man's maid outfit. That's rude.
Ponies47: u get a muffin
made by derpy
/me 11,01hugs Ponies47
Nittany_Discord: But what about a woman's maid outfit?
11,01You get a hug.
/me Hugs Nittany_Discord
11,01AttacktheAndalite: Dunno.
:( your right Nittany_Discord, i have learned my lesson gud sIrr
Nittany_Discord: :)
give evrypony a muffin
Nittany_Discord: Ikr, that's rude
11,01It's rude for anyone AttacktheAndalite
/me Pats Darkts3|Drawing|MLG 's head "Good" :)
ill steal everybody's maid outfits :33333333
Spoilers. ET goes Home
Euro mivie night in 59 min :o
steam deals
oh no
right, that steam sale is still going on?
steam deals are no fun with an empty bank account
yes
11,01Steam deals are no fun with a broken computer.
d3rb_: i know that feel bro
i got 2 cents left on my account
What to spend........
but my alarm was wrong
Too many steam sales, too little monies
/) sergio_scriptor
d3rb_: (\
Nittany_Discord: Try a PC that can't run them anyway, then we'll talk. :D
SPOILERS: bill gets killed
did you manage to source the fault at least Nittany_Discord ?
now it is steam deal
I bet the sales are less fun with no more room in a HDD
11,01No.
yay new sales
I have pretty much have no money
damn
and its skyrim
/me Checks his wallet
11,01It's either motherboard or power supply.
Well just under $20 :P
hmm choose Portal 2 or Left for Dead 2 for %75 off?
11,01I don't really know.
spoilers john hurt is the first to die in alien
sup every pony
allo Quick_Thinker
hi Quick_Thinker :)
Hye Quick_Thinker'
ello Quick_Thinker
hey Quick_Thinker i'm good how about you
that sucks dude
any pony seen AgentKalim on?
im good too alexxm
Quick_Thinker: not that i remeber,sorry
hopefully its the cheaper option of the 2
Hey, if you guys need something to kill an hour while waiting for Euro Movie Night, here ya go: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEWv12bAoo0
chose l4d2 so we can get more bronystaters to join our l4d2 nights
ooooo Skyrim is on sale now
11,01The only thing I can play games on is my laptop (not a gaming rig) and my 360 (I don't like the 360).
Nittany_Discord: Same here. :p
l4d2 night OHHH SOUND LIKE FUN CAN I JOIN
Nittany_Discord: same too :P
Nittany_Discord: you dont like halos?
Nittany_Discord: This lappy's 4 years old and was mid-range back then. :D
Lawl, game reduced to £1.89, it might as well be free.
/me wants a gaming rig
I hope to get a new computer atr some point this year. But.. I WANT IT NOW!
56 mins :D
i can only chose one thing
*at
God, buying a sandwich costs more than that.
somepony help me
11,01I used to like the 360 more. Just not into it anymore when there are better things. Also, forced online fee turns me off.
I love steam for these sales
SPOILERS ; Private Ryan gets saved
:'( No Arma 2
Steam is cool ^^
11,01Tell me if Arma 2 goes on sale.
^
Spoiler: Final Fantasy wasn't the final one.
Nittany_Discord: i shall good sir
Spoiler: Balrog is a piece of soap
11,01I do my online gaming on the PC and PS3.
GarrettBrony NOOOOOO i was gonna see that movie tomoro
I would probably buy something if I actually played PC games
I bought Arma 2 three days before the sales started, fuck me right?
11,01I don't waste money on Xbox Live.
Jim: loololololololol
/me pays for XBL
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZaY1jV96jI old gabe newell had a farm
Nittany_Discord: I haven't had that service in 3 years. :D
Nittany_Discord: good for you
Jim: that is steam for you :P
playstation plus is a worthy investment
SPOILERS: Nilbog is Goblin spelled backwards
I don't have XBOX 360 just PS3. Well it's my brothers :P
GarrettBrony: already said that :P
stream is off?
Spoilers: I'm broke as shit
It is a really confusing game to play though :P
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXp51MQnPEg RELEVENT
^
Hey. What happend to Bronysith?
11,01I think paying extra fees to play online, use other services you have to pay again for, etc is a rip-off.
/me wants AC3 but hasn't the money or even played the games before
so my sister took my car without my permission, and she's not even gonna pay for the gas because she has no money...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=leLgke1jp4k - Skyrim rap
shoud i buy skyrim ?
Ponies47: He got ze 24hour ban
ducky: naw get the bethesda pack
AttacktheAndalite: O_O His fault. He bucked up.
11,01Bronysith was banned for posting a spoiler.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HX_ZAMjp750 Relevent sorta
Poor Sith. :/
Nittany_Discord perm?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG ty becuse i still need the fallout dlc
Nittany_Discord: dang
11,01No.
Nittany_Discord: What a bad pony. -_-
11,0124 hr.
Nittany_Discord phew okies...
Ducky: isnt it included in the pack?
Nittany_Discord it was something about season 3?
/me wants a Killionaire
SPOILERS: It was all a dream
Dken2021: hai, and yes
Dken2021: Yes it was.
11,01Dken2021: Yes.
We Must Go Deeper!
Spoilers: The shark in Jaws is mechanical.
spoilers it the main character was insane
Hey everypony, DerpStar and DoublePint reporting for the afternoon movie ^^
11,01It was a link to a Season 3 episode reveal at Comic Con.
all these spoilers
Hey DerpStar
Where?
/me wants a Jaws figurine
hey DerpStar how you two doing
/me waiting for someone to go to far with the spoiler joke and get a ban :D
Nittany_Discord: wait a reveal?
Good and you alexxm ?
11,01It was a clip.
Nittany_Discord: which are the only certain spoilers about the new season.
Nittany_Discord: Well just one part.
I only listened to a song. >_<
i'm good DerpStar
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG yes then i need to pay less now wait for my parrents credid cart
d3rb_: I might be close :P
kinda weird to reveal a clip of it now
Hey Ninjazz!
That's the EQD bot
And it never posts directly to videos
Hey there, MadSurge! ^_^
^
11,01Doesn't matter. Ban. :p
11,01Lol.
BAN DARI
Skynet o_o
:D
Pffft
It costs 400.000 dollars to keep Gabe fed for 12﻿ seconds.
I'd ban all of you first.
Doesn't matter had ban
hi Unnr|Laptop
allo Unnr|Laptop
Wait. Can mods ban other mods?
GASP
:c
ohai Unnr|Laptop
hai Unnr|Laptop
Ponies47: Yep.
Hey there, Unnr|Laptop!
/me waves at all the ponies
MODS WAR :D
hey Unnr|Laptop how've you been
/me waves back at Unnr|Laptop
11,01I'm not a pony.
Shall I demonstrate? :P
damm whats wrong with my clocks they are ging all off on the same moment dammmm
ban hammer stand off?
11,01I'm a human.
Mod wars are old stuff
alexxm: Booooored.
Nittany_Discord: if you say so
/me is at work
Do it dari
MOD WARS. Sounds like a good movie.
But first
kick otakon
if hes here
11,01There are 94 ponies in here.
Nittany_Discord: sometimes a draconeequs.
Nittany_Discord: Still think your desktop is suffering from a dead mainboard?
11,01Right MaidSurge.
Thats more than in Pony Ville :/
MOD rap batlel
AttacktheAndalite: because hes otakon XD
11,01Unnr|Laptop: Yeah.
Ninjazz: Sounds like a terrible chat idea though. :D
05MUST ADVACNE THE PLOT!
only 94? thought there be more
Hey Wrek! :D
ohai Wrek
Wrek: We always need more plot.
Nittany_Discord: Which socket do you need, I might have a spare in storage
yayyyy http://tinyurl.com/79uqdft
GilDash, terrible ideas always lead to great ideas! :D
Hi Wrek
Heyo, Wrek. Plot you say?
Hello Wrek
hey! Wrek's back from vacation, how was it?
Ninjazz: Well... I'd debate that. :D
is it time to finish Episode 2???
It costs $400,000 for Gabe Newell to work on﻿ Half-Life 3....for twelve seconds. :D
>terrible ideas always lead to great ideas
fail philosophy is fail
Wrek: whay kind of plot ? :)
*what
so, is there any picture right now?
In my experience... probably not. >_(\
11,01AMD 2+ I think for the processor. DDR2 1066 for the ram. PCI-E for the video card.
05so whio wants to gift me the prepare to die edition of darksouls for my birthday? xD
05definetly buyign this when it comes out
Wrek: hahahahahahahaha, nope
Wrek: when is that?
Mah mah.
i will chip in 2 bits
Nittany_Discord: Right, I will check my storeroom when I get back to the apt, might have something that is due to be rotated out.
i would but im broke as well
kewl Wrek likes Dark Souls :3
Wrek: Nah. You can buy it.
11,01Unnr|Laptop: Awesome.
11,01Keep me updated.
Wrek: im without a cent sorry :P
/me has been reminded he needs to get in on the Steam Sale... AGAIN >_<
Wrek how much is it anyways?
11,01I'd pay you for it if you have a replacement.
kewl Dark souls is 40 bucks
any pony know wehre i can find pony songs for STEPMANIA 5?
Ninjazz: I didn't know you had Steam
Wrek, when's your birthday?
Ponies47, but of course! ^_^
Wrek: Why does your steam say you were last online 2 days ago?
Chocobunny: he's a time lord derp
Darkts3: It all makes sense now.
Ninjazz: Same. Ponies47 if you wanna add me. Avatar is Twilights smile after she say "THE PICNIC" In Lesson Zero :P
Ponies47, Dragon Bourne.
Alright. I got some port forwarding going on here. So let's see if I can get this Terraria server connected.
strange avatar
Ninjazz, which ninjazz are you on Steam? :D
flash crashed
Anyone heard of a mod called The Stanley Parable for Hl2?
MadSurge, I'm neither. I'm Dragon Bourned with Rarity as an Avatar. :D
Bourne*
Ninjazz: Can't really do it know. I'm on a computer that doesn't have Steam on it :/
I found the3 best fightinh music ever http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHAOkDamRzU
Ponies47, remind me to tell you again. I'm on a crappy netbook that's lagging like all hell. >_<
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG whats this mod do
-_- stupid keyboard
05DashWithRainbows: the pre order on steam is 40 bucks
i dont have many friend on steam only 12 and 4 of them are brony and the other are ... :'(
hello :3
lali-ho sonicandmario85
hay sonicandmario85
hi sonicandmario85
get a kick starter going wrek
alexxm: its a pretty funny mod, you play as a guy with a narrator over you, and you have a choice to take a different path, and he'd pay attention to you
hey sonicandmario85 you been good
so what movie is on in euro movie night?
Wrek: you gunna stream Dark Souls when it comes out?
any way anypony KNOW WHERE I CAN FIND PONY SONGS FOR STEPMANIA?
Ninjazz: I can do it Monday. I'm with my dad this weekend andthe computer I'm on is his and doesn't have steam. The computer which does is at my moms house. So I can friend you Monday :P
68.169.139.179:7777 on Terraria. Can anyone get in?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG sounds intrresting
sonicandmario85: war games and young frankenstein
alexxm: pretty short, but inventive
Ponies47, alright. ^_^
^^
/me 11,01dusts Ponies47
/me Is dusted
/me Dusts Nittany_Discord back
hows it been inventive sonicandmario85
/me dances like Twilight
05Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: if i get darksouls
/me writes in italic
05yes i will stream it
*gasp* did the great god Om decide to grant ponystate a glimpse of his tutley glory?
:)
Nooooooo
/me 11,01dusts Om
11,01Such a dusty god.
Dust, dust everywhere
for a second i thought you said a Dirty god Nittany_Discord lol
tutley?
Gasp! Nittany_Discord how days you!
40 mins till movie night :D
/me forms an Omnian schism sect
i feel European already :3
My fist Movie night.
I'm Australian.
/me feels so clean
so no pony KNOWS WHERE TO FIND PONY SONGS FOR STEPMANIA OTHER THEN THE SEASON PACKS
?
Rainbow really now? well enjoy your stay
its 3:20 am right now.
:D
Then welcome to sunny bronystate Rainbow feel free to buy our anti-buffer spray :)
I don't even know what stepmania is
Thanks Dken2021
rainbow, australia?
Yup.
I'm an aussie.
/) aw yeah mate
what the hell is stepmania?
/me 11,01rides the Rainbow
One of the few thousand Bronies :D
oh never mind forget i asked
You ride me?
Ponies in socks
0.0
ducky: its like DDR, but not
ducky looks like a modded DDR
oh my
I'm confused
Is anyone up for some Terraria?
oh ok
Nah i'm good.
Kandarihu me
My pc sucks with Terraria
The Nittany_Discord is a Nittany_Discord! :O
11,01Rainbows are fun to slide up and down.
Kandarihu, Maybe me
11,01Ponies47: Oh my.
I feel wrong.
not sure if inuendo
Nittany_Discord: :P
if any pony wants to add me on steam name's QuickThinker
Is there no stream right now?
Um... im having some issues with steam :( can someone help me?
11,01Not an innuendo.
Panda.
Quick_Thinker: I'll add y ou Monday :P
Kandarihu how do i join?
whats the probs
*you
I dont think they are streaming.
Rainbow: nope
So if nothing is comingup don't worry.
Rainbow steam >.> the gaming client
well there's gonna be a stream in a few minutes anyway
I dont see anything.
11,01No stream right now.
mine is just buffering nothing else
I havent for the past half hour.
no one ever wants to talk :(
We don't need a stream to be happy!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KJiZVcxI_0M&feature=plcp <- Here listen to this. This will help pass sometime :p
we're watching the abyss of human exsitance
Hi Dken2021 :)
hai Ponies47!
brb
Watching Pony interview on Comicon very entertaining!
alexxm: i thought we wore watching "the buffer show" :|
hahaha Buffer is so funny
omg look it is buffering
sergio_scriptor same differance
oh buffer, you so crazy
Maybe we can talk about Celestia, she is pretty, the greatest, and most powerfule ponies.
Buffer the Bandwidth Slayer.
The buffer show is best show :P
this is a repeat of yesterdays buffer, already seen it
I wager 300 Quatloos on the buffer guy
mr buffer is married whit mr buffer :O
my favourite is the one with the buffering
Your wrong. The buffer women is going to pwn him
"the buffer show" starring hal's brother the white circle of buffer,only on bronystate
It was so sad when joss whedon killed the spinning circle. Why Joss, whyyyyyyy?
Everday im buffering
who knew buffer had a evil twin :o
Dat Buffer is cheating on Loading Bar
This video deserves a 9/10!
"The Buffer Show!"
Buffer/10
8/10, I've seen better
drama buffer /10
lets think at the movie night from the other week
like chief manboob
did you guys know that in the next episode,the buffer's brother hal is coming for a surprise dinner ? i cant wait to see the buffer's reaction :)
You watch that Buffer circle for too long, you'll get hypnotized by it
Tonight on all my buffers.
11,01Oh Chief Manboob.
CALCULON: ...........
I think I missed that :/
11,01He worships the buffer circle now.
XD
well while we wait for movie night imma watch some Futurama
11,01New priest and all.
Nittany_Discord: Chief Manboob? O_O
11,01Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Yeah. From Road to El Dorado.
You had to be here Darkts
If you look into the circle, you can see Fluffy. Alas fluffy, he died too young.
...
Wheres my steam
We were watching El Dorado last week and people called the fat chief Chief Manboob
11,01Doobinz: Condensed into water.
Woah thats deep
i never saw El Dorado
El Dorado.... reminds me of Uncharted
Doobinz: indeed
My friends are so fucking gay
11,01I called the chief Chief Manboob and the priest Priest Roundhead.
Why?
Brony4Eva: Parasprites?
They say that im gay cause im a brony
Doobinz: beacuse they look like that
if they made an uncharted movie, who else thinks that Nathan Drake should be played by Nathan Fillion?
No
CUTE! http://www.twcenter.net/forums/customavatars/avatar48450_215.gif
Doobinz because the chief was a big fat guy with manboobs
I sometimes suspect that my boyfriend is gay
Rex_Mundi: i love seing twilight in socks :)
Brony4Eva: eeyup. Parasprites. Haters gonna hate. I have to deal with 2 myself (brother and step brother) :/
i still remember that thing from Road to El Dorado.
/me needs to get Uncharted 2
No i was asking why the guy thinks his friends are gay
i made my friends brony
Hrafn: :D
11,01Most bronies are straight. I'm straight and love ponies.
^
11,01I'm not a creepy freak about them, though.
Sergio_scriptor:$
yeah, I find it really silly when people call bronies gay
Lol
im straight and i only feel atracted to twilight :)
Same. But I'm a bit obsessed with Rarity... >_>
It's quite simple
why they do
Nittany_Discord: I.... Respect you
in my experience, most bronies aren't, and I honestly don't see how "gay" is an insult :P
Zoiberg
Ninjazz: Good time to pop on in on *that* comment. :D
11,01The maid thing is the worst thing I do really.
I'm not gay, but I don't mind hanging out with some, they're fun to be around
some guys like spongebob and hate bronys what are they ?
hypocrites?
Gay doesn't matter when the mojority of teens nowadays are metrosexual
Lets see. My brother is a total parasprite but yet he has never watched an episode. My step brother did and he seemes to like it. But he's a complete suck up to my brother so I think he's pretending to be a Parasprite to please my brother. -_-
GilDash, I have good timing. >_>
tl,dr
Hrafn: it's old school insults,like calling a a black guy "Gigaboo" :|
Oh so I liked to hope. :S
/me 11,01dusts Meanwhile
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wj768KO7IoQ&feature=related
I wish this was teh intro for the first episode of season 3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMqz_vc22_g
Allo everyponu.
everypony*
hi Meanwhile :)
Gigaboo? never heard of that one, sounds less insulting lol
Ninjazz: Mine's better. ;)
Hai Meanwhile
ello Meanwhile
Heyo, Meanwhile.
Good start right there. Two seconds in, spelling error.
lali-ho ,Meanwhile
Hey Meanwhile :p
/me dusts Nittany_Discord.
GilDash, you and that timing of yours. >_<
11,01What? 27.
i go to school whit a pony t-shirt and i am like i am the bauws
27?
Well hopefully the documentary will achieve it's goal and get people to automatically stop thinking that Bronies are gay
Does anyone know if you become a rastafarian that your allowed to smoke weed
oh heey Meanwhile
Dken2021: exactly,on the old times it was has insulting has nigga,but know it has lost it's power,like gay is losting it's power has an insult
sergio_scriptor-Just Twilight?
Rex_Mundi: yep :)
ducky: To bad I'm gonna be a wittle high school freshman this year. Gonna have to wait on wearing pony shirts. :/
hey Meanwhile how've you been
Ninjazz: Tsk, some ponies learnt well from Dr. Whooves. :)
To school :/
alexxm: Can't complain, bit on the bored side. You?
dat Zapp Branagin
i'm good Meanwhile
/me 11,01explodes
/me picks up the pieces
guys the new drunk guy sings is here take a listen http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b130g-bho2w&list=UUuxMDET0ZAl4oSMG__awBDw&index=1&feature=plcp
/me glue tapes the pieces of Maid_Discord
Hey guys! Can you believe all that new Season 3 news about [CENSORED], with all the new [CENSORED][CENSORED], and how [CENSORED] apparantly [CENSORED][CENSORED][CENSORED] ;)
Quick_Thinker: thats too loud
i know :D
but its stilll funny
Pale_Horse: :D
[You must have Bronystate Diamond to view this message.]
the spoiler is that there are spoilers
Pale_Horse: :d
Did I hear Chief Manboob?! http://i.imgur.com/2bspW.jpg
my new fav of drunk guy is adolf hitler XD
Hehe. :P
11,01Jim: Sure did.
Bronystate Diamond is best Bronystate account.
i only got bronystate bronze Meanwhile :(
>_>
Jim : yay
i have got bronystate redstone...Wait
I have no idea what rank I'm at for a bronystate membership :P
11,01Even staff doesn't get Bronystate Diamond.
Lmao Jim.
Nittany_Discord: then who does?
what episode?
sergio_scriptor-Well, for my part I welcome our new ponies in socks overlord.
i dont think i have a rank im just here for the buck of it
i have got bronystate muffin
11,01I don't know.
In Season 3 [You must be 20% cooler to view this]
Rex_Mundi: indeeed :)
11,01We get free platinum.
Does anyone know what happend to steam
Bronystate gold are on sale for 49.99 atm
Doobinz: no one is streaming that's all :)
No Steam
the game thing
Doobinz: sorry misread :$
ok
Yeah.. we know about steam..
jim, should i give you my credit card details, you seem legit
is paltinum status worth 300 Quatroos?
Jim: thats cheaper than EA's DLC
Looks like im playing wow then :(
i miss the whole ticket thing from last year for steam at least then you can get some free stufff
11,01Uh oh.
/me brushies Meanwhile
11,01Internet is trying to derp out.
11,01I think.
Steam seems fine to me. Geography problems maybe.
Nittany_Discord: :<
/me hugs AttacktheAndalite.
Nittany_Discord: I think
Nittany_Discord: lol my Internet Provider is more derp than yours
11,01Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Worth more, too.
d3rb_, is this you? http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/264/241/9e9.gif
Nittany_Discord : give it muffins
it is, indeed it is
I hope my internet doesn't derp out during the lotto
Will Insight come to my area...
i would love to givve money but im jack poor
No guys, a sneak peek at season 3 is streaming, keep refreshing and you can see it!:P Right now Celestia and luna are battleing the forces of darkness.
SPOILER ALERT!
Luna Kills Celestia at the end of season 3.
YES
NO
CrimsonPhoenix: :O
Rex if you turn out to spoil something you are so banned for life XD
meh, saw it coming
http://derpy.me/oBBtm
Season 3 Spoiler!: Luna is actually Keysor Soze.
CrimsonPhoenix: :D
Spoiler: There will be ponies
Okay.. so what do you do, if you're 11, and your parents couldn't possible afford to take you to bronycon, nor would they support or understand you liking a show originally aimed for 5 yr old girls?
You know I wonder if Season 3 does actually play next month, I wonder if Care Bears is doing bad and the Hub wants to get new pony eps out faster
spoiler luna is celestias father
Dken2021: she's so horny :D
Derpylicious: You put it out of your mind and say nothing.
im 16 and they dont approve of me watching but if i work hard for it i can got to CANTERLOT GARDENS
In season 3, Rarity and and rainbow dash become a couple, and discoscod makes luna become Nightmaremoon again!
Just played Age of Mythology. Not really my thing, I like Age of Empires more.
Derpylicious: do what i did,wait a few years till you have indepence :P
dusky how is that even possible
Season 3 Spoiler!: Twilight sees dead people and Applejack has been dead for 2 seasons and dosen't know it.
http://tinyurl.com/d7rnts2 something irrelevent
spoiler the muffin is a lie
Derpylicious I say wait until you can drive and be more independant
and by that time brony con is full blown
Alright. I had some distractions earlier, but I'm ready to test the Terraria server again.
Applejack has a baby and pinkie pie divides into 2!
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: thank god it's not a screamer :D
I'm just worried that mlp and bronies might not be the smae when I'm older.
I hope that Care Bears gets cancelled and Amy Keating Rogers goes back to MLP if there's a Season 4
This SHOULD work
same*
MadSurge: ya, its just Slenderman
Derpylicious: dont worry,it will be :)
Darkts3: What is like Slendy?
Season 3 Spoiler!: Pinkie Pie is the real killer in "Clue".
they probably wont Derpylicious but by then you would habve moved on too most likely
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: which is one of the greatest creepypasta characters ever
http://youtu.be/qy6CIX_70fc
also just saying i have posted chapter 4 of My Little Pony Day Z is Magic on both FIMfic and Fanfic
Is wrek on the chat
in a few years it might not be as strong as it is now, but there will be still somewhat of a fanbase
Season 3 spoiler- Derpy becomes permantly underped!
Season 3 spoiler: Snape kills Dumbledore.
Kandarihu, IP?
Brony4Eva: i think he's afk
spoiler the spoilers of s3 are spoilers
68.169.139.179:7777
CrimsonPhoenix Aiyaaaa~!!
Updated the season 3 bingo game - up to 60 now - cant think of anymore ideas so Im turning to thing to looks for
Fun fact, even joke spoilers aren't allowed
8,6good afternoon everypony :)
hai kirzstryfe
Afternoon, kirzstryfe
I guess how the fanbase will be in the future depends on how long FiM runs and if Hasbro tries to make further gens like G4
Allo kirz.
lali-ho kirzstryfe
Heyo, kirz.
allo evrypwny
Hey kirzstryfe!
hello kirzstryfe
And hi you too PONY!
Imagine if G5 is the same universe as G4, but with a different mane cast?
AFTER NOO
http://texasbronygroup.4umer.com/t91-season-3-bingo-in-progress - if anypony pony wants to look or add a few of thier own (feel free) there's the link
Good Afternoon kirzstyfe :)
*NOON!?!
so quiet
IT 3:44 AM HERE
caps sorry.
10:44 AM here.
Lol.
Quiet now, but it'll probably pick up when the movie begins
Welp.
My server works!
Ohey Rainbow! It's 19:44 pm here
Nice.
http://goo.gl/LTcdz huge spoiler alert
my chat derped :P
Season 3 Spoiler!: Alicorns know all about the existence of humans. They just don't tell anypony they exist because Everfree is actually this giant private forest commune that they own so they can shelter the younger ponies from the horrors of the world at large.
d3rb_ that's a pretty big spoiler
d3rb_: http://i.imgur.com/3c64Q.jpg
the biggest
d3rb_: that's a huge spoiler alright :D
Spoiler! - There will be ponies
I amiagine that afterthe G4 shows finishes, there could still be direct-to-DVD/TV specials getting made instead, and maybe a full length film. So the end of FIM might not be the end of our favorite ponies just yet.
Meanwhile: I can't wait to see you guys reacting to Young Frankenstein :D
Rex_Mundi: oh i have a feeling that mlp:fim will last for at least 18 season ;)
MadSurge: Yfw that image is /from/ Young Frankenstein. :P
ooh, young frankenstein? yay
MadSurge: In addition, yfw I saw it last night. And indeed, the last time it was shown. :3
Meanwhile: I know :D the brain scene
never seen it but kinda wanted to
I wish it lasted forever but everybody knows it impossible :(
hello
Meanwhile: isn't it the greatest movie ever? :D
Season 3 Spoiler!: Changelings are weak against water.
lali-ho pony_5531
if it went that long it would become what the simpsons has, terrible
Brony4Eva: it's not impossible,the simpsons has 23 seasons and it's still going,so i bet mlp will last much longer :)
Season 3 spoiler- the entire show is make belive, taking place in an autistic childs head who holds a snowglobe!
MadSurge: Ikr. :D
hey PONY :)
haiya
The simpsons season 24 will be the last season!!!
Brony4Eva you're kidding right?
d3rb_: yeah, I want FiM to go out with a bang
Brony4Eva: no it wont :)
Nope.
Everybody confirmed it
4-5 seasons would be nice
I wonder what they do for the last season finale.
8,6Side rooms are now open
d3rb_: and not with a whimper :D
7...if they can maintain momentum would be a dream
Brony4Eva: that is impossible,the simpsons is going on strong it will not end right now :)
well after Season 24 and a break they will propably do a 25th season anyways
exactly MadSurge
11 min :)
Side rooms are now diamonds.
man, and it's been like 500 episodes, I guess it's time for them to throw in the towel
it should have ended 200 eps ago
The fun fact about that autistic child spoiler... A LOT of other shows crossed over with St. Elsewhere during it's run... So technically all THOSE shows were part of the kid's dream too... as well as all the other shows that THEY crossed over with... and so on...
yay
matt groening said that the final simpsons episode would be a 2º simpsons movie :)
KEWL
11,012-degree Simpsons movie?
ello Twilight Sparkle fans
that sounds....cool
YEAHHHHHHH
Nittany_Discord: i meant second :$
wonder if he'll put in that idea that marge hair is actually hiding bunny ears
/me can't wait for War Games
Rex_Mundi: That'd make the public wonder about mlp too.
you seen it AttacktheAndalite ?
Dken2021: that would be the greatest screw you audience of all time
11,01To watch the movie, you must bathe in liquid helium.
get ready for the wargames everyponay and hi by the way
d3rb_: Yeah, it was on BMN last night
WAIT!
New news on a simpsons site
si i take it its good then :D
so*
sergio_scriptor he was thinking that for like a last episode, but he dropped it
Here is a crossover map of just how many shows are apparantly "imagined" by this one autistic kid.: http://yujinishuge.files.wordpress.com/2011/02/crossoversscaled.jpg
it says that the simpsons will be renewed for season 24 and 25!
I wonder what the simpsons finnaly would be like ?
Pale_horse- neat
heey i am now playing terraria if there is somting funny like chief manboob send me a messige
Will the Simpsons be funny?
I dont really like the 22 season :S
It even extends to all the Star Trek shows. :P
6 minutes everyone!
simpsons WAS funny Cypresswolf
Brony4Eva: to be honest i still enjoy some of the episodes of the new simpsons :)
What/Who is Cheif Manboob?
Ok
:)
Ther WERE - not funny now - not to me
newcomers don't know Chief Manboob
I've been watching simpsons episodes lately and been cracking up at season 4 and some of 8, 1st and second season are really different
PONY: I'm not a newcomer.
season 12-15 is where i lost intrest
Dken2021: indeed
Chief Manboob, from the city of El Dorado.
This chat needs more Fluttershy
PONY: Newfoals can't soonforce
AttacktheAndalite, you still missed something didn't you :P
PONY: No newcomers don't know fluffy
how long did you last Cypresswolf ?
EspyLacopa: Oh, him~
PONY: I've seen the movie before, it was my childhood
somewhre in the mid 400's 425-475
bet nopony called him Chief Manboob back then
Wait, if he's Chief Manboob, who would Tzekel Khan be (besides high priest)?
Soonfoals can't newforce. Wait what?
wow, fair effort
More Fluttershy --> :(:(:(:(:[
11,01By the way, you must bathe in liquid helium before watching tonight's movies.
AttacktheAndalite: priest round-head
Hey everypony
Spending the last five mins before movie night on the chat :P
AttacktheAndalite I guess crazy religious person?
i saw a film from my childhood today
hi Very_Silly_Filly :)
sergio_scriptor: Manboom and Round-Head. Seems right..
11,01These are 10 degree K movies.
well that was a strange episode of Futurama
:D
lali-ho Very_Silly_Filly!
00,10Nitt lay off the drugs
Dken2021: But he's a sorcerer too, so he can't exactly be a crazy religious person.
hi Sumica
sup Very_Silly_Filly
Pale_Horse- Yes, more of the Fluttershys!:(:(<3<3
Hello, Sumica
Dis is my first movie night. I'm so ecited fo it :D
11,01Sumica: Not my special candy.
00,10ohhi
:o not many people here
Um, hello everypony? How is your day so far?
Bad spelling on prupose for you Grammar Nazis.
Meow.
11,01I'm going to be on television.
lali-ho Sabershy
great Sabershy , yourself?
:0
Great and yours, Sabershy? :-)
Televison.
This is my first Film night of my second year or Bronystate
Techy.
This is extra speshul for me :)
2 minutes everyone!
Season 3 spoiler- Fluttershys parrents arrive and they thinks she is a dissapointment for not being able to fly extreamly good.:'(
i've been Sabershy how about you
Nittany_Discord, no! Don't try to lose weight with pills! :D
/me shudders because of Nittany_Discord's quote ...
oh boi the movie starts soon
Dis my first one Verry_Silly_Filly :)
Nittany_Discord: Are you going to be a producer?
I am just fine thank you. Good to hear everypony is ready to go. :)
Nittany_Discord, hows your fridge?
11,01Unnr: It was a reference.
Rainbow: Hooray! :$
Is it the buffer channel for anyone?
:D
OK lets watch :D
11,01d3rb_: Extra-mean.
I'm pumped.
I know, but I am feeling silly. The dangers of work
Is it just me or is the stream kindof dead?
AttacktheAndalite it's for kids of all ages
What are we watching?
Rainbow: You will be even more pumped
youve had far too much special candy
:D
AttacktheAndalite: yep we are watching "the buffer show" but it's a re-run episode :|
11,01It tried to convince me to burn my grandmother's house down and invest in EA stocks.
How can i send a pm?
1 min :)
11,01It's so evil.
what!? not EA!
0w0
sergio_scriptor: Oh, I don't care for re-runs much unless it's an episode I really like
Hi there otakon
hiya guys
I wish there was an apple-Jack emoticon
0 minutes!
stream up yet?
)XwX( <--- me right now.
g'day otakon
Brony4Eva double click a name or types /msg [name] [message] without brackets
brony-FOREVER: /MSG "nick" "Text" (Without the quotes
Rex_Mundi: everyone does
/me 11,01is a Rainbow
hello d3rb_
so, is the stream down or up?
i made one once....but it was crap
You are a me Nittany?
otakon: down
0 min left
O MINUTES
Rainbow Dash always dresses in style:D
it's time for AM the movie :)
otakon: its sideways
eeyup
0 minutes are you kiddin
lali-ho otakon
NO REX NO
My ears
hiya Dken2021
troll bronystate :)
yay!
YAY
lalala
Allo otakon.
looks like SB is ready
it's SuperBrony64|Zzz streaming huh?
YAY;)
hiya Meanwhile
Nothing is happening
...
Brony4Eva: give it a second
LALALALALA <3
BUFFER CIRCLE
LOL
Still expecting the theme to play.
YOU TRAITOR
Heyo, otakon.
Hello everypony, am i late?
hiya Ninjazz
so LOUD!
It's PARTY TIME!
PARTY TIEM :D
nonody2: enope, just in time
nonody2 just in time
yayaya
Awesome.
oh ya
this song does not sound good
NEW KRISPY KREME SONG!!
inb4 multiple windows of random shit
LMFAO:D
when are we going to see that movie?
when does the rapping dog do basttle with the puppy nosed octopus
Party time!
i guess "the buffer show" is over :'( we never saw what the buffer would do about his brother hal :'(
I used to wonder what Friendship could be, but then everything changed when the Firenation attacked.
God this is so very wrong
SOFITTING:D
Part Time?
It's party tiem! :D
GarrettBrony: not the same movie
*Party
/me Parties soft
Now I'm no longer sad about the Titanic sinking at all! :D
partay tiem :D
It's always party time for Pinkie Pie
Its Party Time!!!
inb4 we WATCH BOTH of the animated Titanic movies
:D
I came just in time!
GarrettBrony: Don't you diss Tentacolino! He died so that we may live!
Also, that animation loop is from the intro
11,02Ohai :3
it's just been mirrored
Allo SuperBrony64. :3
Pinkie stop jumping and show me some ponies.
11,02Welcome to Euro BMN Everypony~
otakon: two WMCs on one night? oh lawd
hiya SuperBrony64
Ohai SuperBrony64 *hugs*
okay you can stop nao
DAT PINKIE <3
:D
hi SuperBrony64 :)
Heya! :D
Hello SuperBrony64!
11,01It's potty time!
lol
/me 11,01dusts SuperBrony64
11,02Firt up is the A Movie - Wargames!
:D
Hey, can we watch some G3 ponies, thats always fun to laugh at/be horrified by.:|
play it again!
Party time.................
11,02First*
Rainbow: it's from a terrible animated movie about the Titanic. It features a rapping dog.
/me is clean now ^-^
Yay!
yay
Wargames?
Wahgahmes
inb4 joshura
ayyayayaayayyayayayayayayay
MOVIE
now we need the MANE SIX in the crowd <--------------------
Morning, SB.
GREETINGS, PROFESSOR FALKEN
SHHHH
roar kitty roar!
/me hands out popcorn to the chat
united artists...how i miss your movies :'(
QUIET!
shhhhhh everyone
UA PRESENTS!
-grabs popcorn
We watched that yesterday!
yay
...
A LEONARD GOLDBERG PRODUCTION!
00,10sorry Dark92Enigma SB dont have that one
What is it.
yay i am back
hello
hiya Sumica
...
This interrupted Terraria.
-.-
ded
Chocobunny: dude, good movie here
terraria got boring
What genre is the movie in?
Darn it i forgot my popcorn.
My chat is deeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaad
Is this going to be worth it.
Chocobunny: scifi mostly
popcornless
/me gives nonody2 popcorn
What is this?
Any ponies?
Chocobunny: sorto of,drama with comedy elements in it
No ponies. No watch.
dat secret base
in Soviet Russia, police arrest mirrors
/me not gay
damn
Wargames?
Thanks, but I'm not Professor Falken... I'm Professor Walken... The ice is gonna break!
DerpStar: Wargames :)
DerpStar: yep
11,01We should buy our own nuclear silo complete with decommissioned minuteman-3.
Wheres my ponies.
why do they have guns?
-.-
^1H
Rainbow: not ponie yet
Wargames are best games
"Hey you two, who look just like us, you're arrested!"
11,01Or a peacekeeper.
Rainbow right after this movie
Nittany_Discord: should we then attack the hater nation ? :)
Tainbow, dont fucking beg for ponies.
Is this gonna be that thing where the humans find a pet pony
._.
*Rainbow
Rainbow- in my house, were having fun
/me gives Meanwhile tea and chocolate
deeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeed
1, 1, 1, uhh 1!
11,01sergio_scriptor: Just threaten them. If they troll, we launch.
Jeez Liwick sorry.
Sumica Oh, well.......gonna enjoy the movie anyway
*Litwick.
Wait.
TODL
TOLD
So there isnt any ponies.
Aw....
In Soviet Russia........WARGAMES play you!
dem doors
Rainbow: Im just giving you warning. They play G 3.5 if you beg.
here lies chat, *places origami dog near grave*
11,02Rainbow: Either watch or GTFO. You don't have to keep complaining.
Okay im sorry.
11,01A day in the life of a silo officer.
How far did i miss, I just came
I'm sorry.
Nothing much Metronome
I'm new and confused
Metronome: it just started :)
RED Spy is in the base!
I wonder when will i go to sleep after the movie night ends if where i am right now is 21:00
It's okay, Rainbow~
11,01Tumping fixes missile.
Rainbow is bi-curious
Wargames, Just you and me and the Wopr, War Games Instead of Making love.
11,01Those look like Titan missiles.
when do we get to the kid starting world war 3
RED
we shall mourn for this loss forever
Rainbow: There will be ponies after this movie
11,01Shizuka!!!
RED Dash
11,02Rainbow: We don't play just ponies here. It's BMN so you'll be able to watch two G4 Pony episodes, one after each movie.
Okay...
FIRE THE MISSILES
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka
In Russia they use a wrencj Nittany_Discord
so this is wargames eh?
it's like...
NATO Phonetic code
DRINK
BINGO
YOUR
I cant stay on mcuh longer.
OVALITNE
brb
*much.
...thats the combination on my breifcase!
Or for five minutes.
11,01I wonder if they were using Minuteman missiles by 1983.
Oh well.
How ironic My chat just crashed, So again How far did i miss?
Ah, it's started already ^^''
Damnit, I'm not gonna be able to see the episode after this, I have a basketball game.
Bravo Bravo Charlie the Doctor is coming
otakon sonovabitch
I shold of asked first.
Dem Nuclear codes...
nobody reads the faqs
GarrettBrony: :)
nobody...
indeed holy shit
Anyway I am realy tired.
Are there Kerbals in that rocket?
395 395 704
diddutz: Let's hope not.
diddutz: not likely
diddutz: of course...
Well sorry I can't stay round/
Dat classic Apple technology
11,01Yield selection?
time to kill MILLIONS!
fire
Night Everypony.
Minuteman I was as early as 1960, III by the '70s
Just plutonium diddutz
.................AND MILLIONS
11,01Don't missiles come in on yield?
YAY GENOCIDE!
...there goes the neighborhood
makes me wanna play the Oregon Trail all over again.
Bye.
11,02Night Rainbow :)
11,01I think those are Titan missiles.
true
Nuclear war, you know, for kids.
bye Rainbow :)
night Rainbow sleep well
Wargames: the game - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DEFCON_(video_game)
Ohai SuperBrony64 :3
Night, Rainbow
any of you remember the launch code from yesterday?
Might, See you tommorow.
DrGanjalf: dat RTS
11,02Hai Starflash :3
good night, Rainbow~
bye Rainbow
1251235 enablesd
Nittany_Discord: most likely, notice the trademark double engine bells?
DerpStar: plutonium, does that make funny faces, too?
eurt
I have this on DVD :D
DIZZYRATCHET: nope
Deepending on how sleep deprived I am.
lol
yurt
damn he is sweating his ass off
Hello.
is a type of tent
What movie is this?
11,01Unnr: That's what told me it was a Titan.
ofc I would be too
Yeah. It must be pretty hot on stage.
Well anyways See you later birthday aligator!
Gently now.. :P
11,01I think Titans were out of the loop then.
/me I think i have the .................SPACE MADNESS
Gently please!
Spoiler!:No Spoilers Available!
he can't do it
3
Depends on where you are diddutz
2
1
Lol
I wouldn't be able to do it either
Lunch?
TURN YO KEY
WHAT HAPPENED?!
welcome to the SGC :)
I mean, what's it about?
11,01Funny how the missile starts up like a jet plane.
TURN YOUR KEY
turn the key to not get shot
GODDAMMI WHAT HAPPENED!?
WARGAMES PLAY YOU
lol sergio_scriptor
turn yor key sir
8,6wargames
otakon: a plot hole
Well that looks like that will get ANY thing accomplished.
dat key
Y U NO TURN KEY?! I WANT LUNCH!
hmmm. Did that scene have anything to do with the rest of the movie? Will we ever see what happens to those 2 people again?
otakon: They went for icecream.
Sooo... They explain later that the whole thing was a test... But did the guy actually get shot?
8,6end of the world and such
Hello.
...not that type :/
Unless you can stretch your arm, you need that other guy alive to turn the key.
reminds me of opening of RA2
Hey everypony
That guy looks like Keith David
To launch: CPE1704TKS
What movie is this? The assistant threatening his captain with a gun to ge thim to do his job?
Pale_Horse: more than likely yes
Dark92Enigma: that's a lot of fish.
Just ran half a mile and back for chips
What's this movie about?
Very_Silly_Filly: lol
John Woo-*YAY*-d*aww*
Admiral Anderson was demoted Dark92Enigma
war and games and keys
TVNOOD: SKynet in it's infacy
11,01Very_Silly_Filly: Dedicated.
Okay, cool.
:D you must love chips Very_Silly_Filly
Poor bastich
Only to almost get an asthma attack
11,01I want to play a game.
Its exactly that actually otakon
Skynet BEFORE it was cool
Kandra, get Kemp or whatever that guy's name from Young Frankenstien to turn it
Nittany_Discord: Chess? :3
TVNOOD: a boy hacks into the military missile controls and acidentaly almost starts a ww3
Pale_Horse, if they were in a test and didn't know it, then it would only make sense if that guy's gun was loaded with blanks and he didn't know it.
Good thing I brought the inhaler with me :()
11,01Meanwhile: Sure.
Yay. I like chess. :D
Blacnks can still kill at close range though.
Okay
11,01Very_Silly_Filly: Yeah.
*blanks
More noise, less blood
DerpStar: not before Terminator
8,6all doomsday supercomputer come programmed exclusively with EA titles :3
haydi do everypony
11,01Groundnet is cooler.
"would you care for a nice game of chess ?"
Can anypony tell me how long is the ENTIRE movie night?
hi Invi :)
DerpStar Wopr is like Skynet is the Military was big on product placement
Giving everypony the heads up: KOTOR is on sale for $2.49 on Steam for the next 11 hours. If you don't own it yet, it's a steal at that price. >.>
nonody2 about 5hours
11,01kirzstryfe: No. They come with the latest CoD :p
nonody2: 1 hour and 50 minutes
DerpStar: 0_o
Chat crasehd on me :(
8,6EA Chess, $1.99 per move
^
*crashed
Lol.
how's it going? ^^
11,01Lol kirzstryfe
nope global thermalnuclear war plz
8,6and must provide authentication before each step
good :$
kirzstryfe: customizable Madden 13 pack for peices
how about you ? :)
queen dlc $10
CriticKitten: I play SW:TORO don't need my KOTOR anymore
Greetings Ponies of Bronystate
kirzstryfe: Additional strategies are provided through paid DLC patches.
only 69.99
kirzstryfe: How much does "Thermonuclear War" cost?
I'm fine too, thanks ^^
enter launch code to move piece
Segrio, really? I thought'd it be longer with the other movie and pony episodes
kirzstryfe dont give them ideas they have spys everywhere
8,6if you have to ask, you can't afford it
have you seen the 2nd movie yesterday?
4 Billion lives DrGanjalf
Allo.
brb
hi guys
hiya kirzstryfe
hiya tehepicbrony
hi
kirzstryfe: You must also allow EA to look through your computer.
Mmmm... Cream...
JESmith: i mean this movie is 1 hour and 50 minutes :|
DerpStar: KOTOR is TOR without the MMO part or the absurd pricing ripoff scheme. And also a hell of a lot more fun.
kirzstryfe my sister also went to the MLP Fair in Orlando
Origin, The Heart Of Best Services
11,01Free 2 play? Who do you think we are? Pay us $20.
Heyo.
hi tehepicbrony
It costs $400,000 to fuel this ICBM... for 12 seconds.
no,the firts time watching the second movie today :)
DerpStar: Meh, i'll wait for some sale
But I get to be TrooperShep!
*first
whats the mlp episodes for this movie night?
8,6cool GarrettBrony :)
Sergio, he was asking how long the entire movie night was, not just this movie
Maybe cause nuclear war is a scary thing.
CriticKitten: KOTOR got me to buy a xbox it's THAT good.
Oh look, it's Fawlty
11,01CriticKitten: Did TOR have microtransactions?
He looks like John Cleese
the crop silos right?
umm
JESmith: then i dont know :\
Nittany_Discord: it's gonna be free to play so yes.
thats not entirely true
otakon: Inorite. And for two and a half bucks it's a complete steal. >_>
so this is what basil fawlty did after his hotel closed
Gentlemen~
howdydoody
HowdyDoody
Howdy doody
alexxm: Yep
send delta squad
mentelgen
11,01ME3 had microtransactions.
ninja'd x2
its howdy dowdy time everypony!
I didnt watch Howdy Doody, I watched Doody Howdy.
CriticKitten: now if only I could find a digital copy on the cheap for KOTOR2
Howdy Doody Donkey
yup
Nittany_Discord: It also had a terrible SP ending
11,01I heard it cost $800 to buy everything in the game.
Howdy Doody would totally have loved ponies.
Save them for latter?
8,6yes, because doing everything exactly the same as it has always been done is the best way to do things >.>
Probably = fact? Nice logic.
i watched scooby doo
Very_Silly_Filly i'm feeling so much safer knowing basil fawlty is in charge of nukes
sovietics are best russians
EA here is batelfield hero's now BUY hats guys: no valve : here is .... guys : HATS
kirzstryfe: Ikr
there is a reason for hardlines and chain of commands... dumbasses
alexxm: Ikr
Nittany_Discord: ME3 for the MP is actually more than that to unlock all items to maximum rank. Try like 1000.
pretty quiet in here
>_(\
thsuuuu
I sunno.... 5 minutes is a long time... :|
11,01otakon: If you don't earn it.
whopper tiem!
black ops all over again
11,01If you want to jump ahead.
Whopper is best computer burger
mmm Whopper
but i wanted a big mac
Nittany_Discord: not the point. I never buypacks.
Beef up the WOPR
The Whooper is a burger
The whopper is cheese beef and...oh you mean the computer?
The WOPR is delicious
11,01otakon: Good.
The BIGMAC
This movie brought to you by Burger King
indeeed :P
WOPR
The Whopper is not as good as The Big Mac.
Get in the WOPR, Now!
11,01I'm not buying the game.
that launches missiles
Thats a very paranoid hamburger
IT'S ICE CUBE! Wait...
burger king
it plays cod?
Litwick AYUP
as a game
I wants a triple WOPR with fries and a medium Dr. Pepper
11,01I'll pirate it and the on-disc DLC if I want to play it.
Hi-tech Burger
TAKE NOTE OF THAT
It plays ancient CoD
Big Mac is better than the WOPR
Eeyup.
It plays Arma II
DIZZYRATCHET, I was just thinking that as well
I'm fortunate that I live right next to a Burger King. I can get it anytime I want
Litwick: lolwut, McDonald's meat is gross. XD
Nittany_Discord: there is no on disc DLC though
Very_Silly_Filly: :D
back :P
ikr
Only war sim that's decent
The WOPR: the worlds only Nuclear burger. only available at burger king
dem people :3
11,01otakon: From Ashes was on-disc.
Nittany_Discord: but most of teh DLC is free except for the SP stuff
Trillion $ for a burger? Damn!
its a good thing a computer can tell the difference between a simulation and the real thing... oh... wait...
welcome back Ponies47 :)
Very_Silly_Filly: No. Defcon
I think i should work on that wool pony ive been planning while watching this movie night.
Nittany_Discord: no it wasn't, partial code only.
sergio_scriptor: Thanks mate :)
11,01Still bullshit.
Nittany_Discord: SOME data is there.
SKYNET
russians vs whopper
Nittany_Discord: I know.
SIL-I-CONE DIE-ODE
The real question is... Can it run Crysis.
^
Pale_Horse: nothing can run Crysis
Oh he will, he will
WOPR we will maby remeber it next week like chief man boob
/me Yoda laugh
dem bikes
otakon: Sweetie Bot Can
pew pew pew
11,02I love the stereotypical army superior officer that has no clue how computers or technology works.
that galaga
YAH THE 80'S
This movie brought to you by Galaga
lol
Its harry!
Pale_Horse, if running Crysis can affect how war is conducted, then sure.
Pale_Horse: A Obsidian Tower built by the dwarves of Middle Earth running on the souls of dead Microsoft Tech Ops can't.
In other news http://derpy.me/W3NR4
DerpStar this is Skynet if the Miltary was really craving Burgur King at the time of naming it
It plays Crysis, but without textures and all polygons are green.
I don't knwo how computers work :(
ohey its IRL SB in the 80s
11,02Dat Galaga
that guys MLG
hey guys you know what made me sad
1 live left oh no
Meanwhile i'm sorry wut
Ferris Buerrel - middle school years
Meanwhile: the fuck I hope Shizu don't see that
11,01Meanwhile: Lol.
dat alot of fish
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG what is MLG?
Kid has new high score
Galaga is my favorite 80's game
lol
GarrettBrony: lol
My Little Galaxy
/me 11,01cleans SuperBrony64
tetris
Late for school...I knwo that feel bro
Dat Feris
explode?
I also love Galaxian and even poor forgotten Galpus.
also TV shows
!
It's 80s, drink New Coke and vote for Ronald Regan...
sneak lvl. 1
Galaga was a good game :)
wow dat sarcasm
see: ... CSI.. or was it NCIS
Best present
nixon
Teacher is biggest dick
JESmith its the 50
Awesome present
have you guys seen this save derpy vid its about as sad as mld
diddutz: Just wait
yup
So you get an F because he missed one question?
tehepicbrony: So not sad at all?
In Galpus you could use the capture beam on the aliens instead. Turn the tables on them! :D
Cunt teacher is cunt.
F D:
WHAT IS LOVE
tehepicbrony: We saw it AGES ago :)
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086567/ well SB this movie takes place in the present, which then is 1983 :p
JESmith its the fifties drink a lot of coke and watch a movie starring Ronald Reagan
The power of LOVE
Meanwhile, in the early 1900's Marty is trying to save Doc's Life
05man Serj Tankians new album is boss :D
love is best answer to everything
Salacious Crumb?
What is love... please don't hurt me, don't hurt me no more....
Dark92Enigma: Is he? :I
Dat F... :(
one answer test?
Lol
Wrek: he's always a boss :$
UNTZ
Huh? I thought EMN starts in an hour...
DrGanjalf: i know, i whached the beginning yesterday, but fell asleep &_)
She's making a you don't say face
dat Asexual
Garret, if it's the 50s then why were they playing Galaga?
Best teacher ever!
His wife?
ya it was on my brithday my hero crying on my brithday sad crap
huhuh
diddutz: me too
tehepicbrony: dude who?
11,01Wrek: Heard one song off of it. It was awesome.
Wrek, first of all Hello, second of all... Never mind, I have already said what I think about the red text :)
think i'll go to bed soon
george washington
JESmith: it's the 80's
night DrGanjalf sleep well
"Your wife."
BAM
XDDDDDDD
lol
the POPE
BURN
OH SNAP !
lols
O_o
:D
OWNED
PWNED
LOL
XD
and DETENTION!
BURRRRRRRN
LOL
burned
Ohhhhh!
Wrek: imo, he was the real engine of System of a Down.
whomp whomp
Teacher is not amused... :|
:d
AWWW BUUUURN
OOO Burned
hey
05what if the earth orbits the sun? what if yoru wife orbits my dick!
i have acquired beer
Teacher is a dick, that was a funny joke
*insert "get out" cat here*
05oh sience jokes
Kessler?
05how i adore thee
OH SHIT!
Otakon, I know, but Garret was like "It's the 50s" unless he was joking
Wrek: O_O
lol
hello everypony!
AttacktheAndalite yah but we sure the hell are
Wrek: XD
HE'LL ELECTROCUTE YOU GET OUT OF THERE!
Wrek: SCIENCE!
pencil is best password
Hey somepony_else :3
dat cheat sheet
who has pencil as a password
This wasnt a triumph
....password in plain sight
Awesome computer security!
in the name of scince ppl
Did sompony say... SCIENCE?
obvious password is obvious
Worst principal ever
dat soundtrack
hi Ponies47
What would be a better followup movie for this? Ferris Bueller or Hackers?
*science
well i have epilipsy andother disoders derpy is my yero cuzz she has disoders too she helps take my sadnees away
SuperBrony64: i meant based off the opening scene, where hes playing video games like a bawss
CriticKitten the password is the same as my luggage can you guess it?
WHY WOULD YOU HAVE YOUR PASSWORD IN PLAIN SIGHT
11,01Pencil. That what your wife said when I pulled my pants down.
he will bag her
05Nyst: personalyl enjoy hackers more :)
roadkill
Now...KISS
11,01I cried.
There like 12
Nittany_Discord: she must had been a great teacher
*Pats Nittany*
xD what the duce nittany?
1-2-3-4-5? Garrettbrony?
hiya Wrek how are ya?
Sigh my fiance is a pig
rem-dog: that's the combination on my luggage!
11,01I'm joking.
rem-dog damn not I have to change it
He'll show you....
Wrek: me too, me too. As a kid it was amazing, and now it's amazingly corny.
OH GO
hi bo
EINSTEIN!
hai bo
woof woof woof woof
He'll explain later.
Beau
Bo!
god dog
not Bo
hi bo!
bobobobobobo
http://imgur.com/8dUz7
05hoping to down heroic madness of deathwign today
how did he get out?
Beau
Good dog. ;3
11,0112345 is the combination on my toilet.
/me hugs SuperBrony64
Wrek: lol that should be very easy
best guys the dog is dead now
Doggy :)
hi there
Wrek: You still havent done it, or are you doing it again?
Wrek: yh good luck with that
/me 11,01glomps SuperBrony64
my fellow regualrs
11,02O.O
and the actor is 50yo now
Its also the combination on my luggage Nittany_Discord
/me hugs Nittany_Discord ^-^
7495 my pin number of my credit card :P
ducky: thank you debby downer
Straight to the bedroom!
05only one left
Heyo, Sith.
Bow Chicka Wow wow
Hey, does anyone here know anything about graphics tablets?
/me hookshots SuperBrony64 to him
11,01sergio_scriptor: Cool. What's your card number?
hai Bronysith
letme guss mlp episodesn. are the one with dat owl and over the barrel?
Curse you nature for giving dogs only a 15 year life span! :[
WindWhistler: ask Wrek
this kid knows what he wants
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Brown chicken Brown Cow
Pale_Horse: they need to live as long as us!
oh god the floppy disks
'dem 80's tech
My God that setup
heeeeyyyyyyyyy
Dun copy dat floppy
11,02Dat original internet
inb4 1337 hax0r skizzles
fluttershy must make it longer
My room is more secure than Area 51.
Pale_Horse: It's sad when dogs die :'(
Back when that was super geeky
my God
Nittany_Discord: :P 55555599991198 :P
dem huge floppies
tehepicbrony, First is Dog and Pony Show.
that modem
Wow idid not know it was this easy to get a girl in your room under 5 min
wtf
Dial up internetz
what movie is this?
IT'S SO PRIMITIVE!
pencil "D
synthetic music
Hey. Those flobby disks were once cutting ege tech.
Man, every computer in the 80's was made out of plastic bricks.
jbh1145: it's Wargames
Samrt kid
okkk
Lulu?
Dat first internet! :)
*Smart
flobby
Lol
hacking
i beat portal 2
ohai Lulu
WOMBO COMBO
so kewl game
otakon: its Luna :3
inb4
HAX!
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAX!
I can't type!
not as good as portal 1 but still fun
/me hugs Lulu "HELLO DEAR! GOOD TO SEE YOU!"
:D poor otakon
11,01Bloop.
smart kid :)
oh!!! This is that one movie, hackers right?'
the power of computer hacking?
i think someone has a *puts on sunglass* wingbonerr
i hackt the school for free wi-fi
Nyst now every computer these days are made out of Plastic wafers
11,01Bloop. Bloooooooop
otakon: Yfw pinging afk people doesn't do much.
Lol
Isnt this the scene icarly directly copied?
she has an F in biology too
Litwick: yes
anybody hacked before?
Meanwhile: she's afk? murrr :(
HAAAAXXXX!!!
I actually failed Home Ec in high school. :(
And still no floating hologram screens!
I found Portal 1 to be better because of how original it was. Portal 2 had a lot to follow up on, but did its job pretty well.
>Portal 2
D in home ec? we cook every day!
DIZZYRATCHET: i have a friend that is a hacker :)
Nyst: we're all lazy
otakon: How can you not tell that? She hasn't said /anything/ at all.
>not as good as portal 1
CHANGE IT BACKKKKKK!!!!!
:X
Contrary to popular belief, hacking is not this magical
Hey, Wrek, I need some info. I want a graphics tablet with an LCD screen, do you know any good ones that aren't too expensive?
give her an X
changes to a
11,01Change it to a Q.
Don't snitch!
Meanwhile: she just could be...a...f...k...
>anything being original ever
Nittany_Discord: lol
11,02Oh dear
Nittany_Discord, too obvious
hiya Shizuka how are you today?
im a hacker but i use it 4 good
HA
A!
OH NOES
noononononono
I'll give her an A. Bitches love A's
lol
8,6Portal 2 had many more chances to mess around with the physics :3
dat Shizuka
That probably explains why I live off snack food and take out today... Now that I think about it... :|
Woah!
from F to A.. seems legit
05§LCD includeds are state of teh art
dont get me wrong
Shizuka: you missed something Meanwhile posted earlier I think you'd like.
portal 2 is fantastic
05you wont fidn any cheap oens of those
you know my oc is a pegus pony
I love both portal games
DrGanjalf well not in the Scarlet letter they dont
otakon: Yeah, thanks for that.
11,01No more turn keys.
otakon: you ass.
its da chairs fault
Is legit Agrold the computer says it is
Meanwhile: np :P
interesting concept, the US military DOWNSIZING :)
:P
And the teacher is wondering... didn't I give two of my students Fs? Oh well.
Darn.
Let the Skynet Begin
WOPPER!
Fun fact: that whole room is just to hold the printer drivers.
Oh! The guy didn't get shot!
He was standing right there
Nyst: lol
11,02Yay, leave it up to a computer to keep the world safe from nuclear threats, that's a wonderful idea!
mmmm.. whopper
error
i love Whoppers
Well, thanks anyways.
MURICA; home of the free and the home of the Wopr
teachers were ex-hippies in the 80s
11,01What about WOPRJR?
why is he screwing in the screws with his hand?
I love Woopers.
Did she sat huge bonder ?
It will soon realizes.. If it annihiliates everyone first... THERE WILL NOT BE ANY FRIENDLY LOSSES
goddamn now I'm hungry
say*
SuperBrony64: Have you seen Dr. Strangelove
13only at brgrkn
WOPRJR is a home computer.
Ohai Shizuka
11,01Lol Shizuka
diddutz: They didn't have screwdrivers in their day.
Lol
ohai Scoot-Scootaloo
Nittany_Discord thats the next upcoming model
11,01Scoot-Scootaloo!
Pyrovision
WOPR
13frozen synapse is $5 and skyrim is $29.79, get to it
brgrkn is best store
Hey Scoot-Scootaloo! :)
11,02Like a baws.
all the butter!
00,03... Who made a CSI Miami reference >: (
He's going to steal the source code for Half Life 2!
hi Scoot-Scootaloo
YAHHHHHHHHHHHH who did it?
Clever girl.
Well that's one way of getting butter on your corn...
Corn on the COOOB
I did earlier
:(
11,02DerpStar: No :/
05Shizuka: once the skyrim online mod is stable enough
MMMMMM.Corn!
Protovision, the future of video games until Nintendo
OMFG this computer comes with 64k of RAM!!!
05will you adventure with me?
13k
Wrek: oh sh** theres a online mod?
Corn on the Kabab!
11,02IT'S RAAAAW
Raw corn.
I only have $6.82 on my Steam Wallet right now.
corn
Wrek: *Cue adventure time theme*
... 6_9
raw corn? gross
about how technology and computers work in movies and television
Taste the vitamins!
/me 11,01is crisp
corn is bawwws
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG, Yes, but it is VERY bugged
PEELZ HERE
hey Shizuka, hows you?
Why is there no online mod for Fallout 3 >: (
No, bitch. IT'S RAW
Speaking of online games, anyone here excited for Phantasy Star Online 2? It's completely free.
....raw... corn...
how dare they eat corn that way
05actually the recent build is ratehr stable and alot less buggy
SuperBrony64: Do it's great, might change your opinion on computers incharge of nuclear arsenals
y is this called wargames? it seems like its about computers
MrMaxaminus ya its soooo much better than just 4kb or ram. you could play Rogue with that kind of Memory
11,02I kind of wish I was alive during this time period...one of my favorite game consoles of the time was the Intellivision >>
SuperBrony64: THIS CALF IS STILL RUNNING ON THE PRAIRIE
05but still a few quirks that needs sorted before i cosnider using it
WindWhistler I... think I just fainted a little
jbh1145: Just wait and seee
/me optimizes Shizuka
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get more money on my Steam before the end of the month.
Raw corn is fine, healthy. Raw corn on the cob is just lazy.
oh GOD rainbow dash!? RD: yeah me : you ok RD: no im dyeing me: me too watching this movie
dat floppy
ojkkkkkkkkkk
jbh, you
SuperBrony64: Atari?
11,01SuperBrony64: Emulators.
if only Skyrim wasnt boring to me
im mac. n im pc
11,02MadSurge: Lol
/me updates Shizuka's drivers
SuperBrony64: dude, the tech is so...goddamn ....GOD.
Dat computer
old school computers are best computers
stores a massive 1.2 mbs
WindWhistler, I'm totally psyched for PSO2
jbh, you'll get why it's called Wargames soon enough
Dken2021: Of course, you have to pay to get some extra stuff, but not for accessing levels or anything.
PSO2?
The sound of those clacking keys could wake the dead.
Too bad there was no "Computer sciences" grade back then.
SuperBrony64: Gordon Ramsay is ace
space invaders!
WindWhistler don't care love PSO on the drteamcast
SuperBrony64: Irony of that nickname, no? Also, what Nittany said.
Galaga
ok, gotta go, bye guys
That was Galaga
GALAGA!!!!!!!!!!
You can only have one MAG though...that makes it REALLY hard to get the right MAG if you don't know the right combinations.
galaga*
3 lives oh no
Sundaysmile: HOLY BUCK!that is a mchine,it must be like 10.1000 dollars,where can i buy one ?
mine stores 1 kb beat th.at
i mean
anywho
whoops
PONY: there was, but it was secretly just a blind typing class.
bacfk to new vegas
11,02I actually have a real Intellivision with a bunch of games, I just wish I was around to walk into a game store and buy them new and play them for the first time back in the day :P
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE Invaders! :)
dat Galaga
look at her face.. she wants him...!
GALAGA!!!!!!!!!!!:)
Damn
I have galaga on my phone
For sex!
11,02MadSurge: Wow, so glad you got the reference :D
dem sound effects
damn you STEAM!!! One of the 9 Games that are now on Sale is not available in my country and I don't know which game it is :/
:D
YOU MADE ME LOSE
lol fail
fuck the quarter
call ALL the numbers!
My uncle has a Galaga machine. And an arcade machine with 40+ games on it.
this is still wargames right?
Meh, as much as I love the 64 and such, I always loved the feeling of walking into a gamestore and purchasing a GameCube game. :3
eeyup Dken2021
Dken2021: yep
Like Centipede, Millipede, Pac-Man, Donkey Kong, Frogger...ect.
Lil_B: just reload the page, it's the Indie Bundle you're not seeing.
God but what about RPG'S!
SuperBrony64: me and my dad picked it up as one of our in-jokes :D
11,02Chocobunny: Yesh ^-^
The Game Cube would've been awesome if Banjo-Threeie had come out like planned...
Amazing Graphics - some guy from 1985. Amazing Graphics some guy from 1995, Amazing Graphics some guy from 2005
dat phone bill
Have fun.
that racking up the phone bill
Nyst I see the Inide Bundle
the cycle goes on
not anymore
Damn you time... making me age... :|
I still have my GCN connected to my VCR
im under 0
Now it's 10
The miltary's phone number is 867-5309
they'll get your ass for stuff like that and nail you to a wall
11,02MadSurge: LOOK AT IT, IT LOOKS LIKE GHANDI'S FLIP FLOP
Kandarihu: My GCN was stolen
im watching this in derpys glow tent oh if you need to ask the ponies anything ask awag
SuperBrony64: wait what?
Sorry to hear that.
er is over 9000
lol
seems legit
JESmith, it depends on the computer, and where it is
oh.. she really wants him now...
She changes her mind really fast.
I still have my Sega Genesis, N64, Gameboy Color, Gameboy Advance, GBA SP, and all that cool stuff
ohey Ys is on sale... finally something I'll buy
SuperBrony64: my dad and I enjoy a lot lame humor. And LMAO :D
We also have an NES
tehepicbrony: How odl are you?
I have PSO 1&2, and I also have PSO 3
old*
hackers get all the girls :'(
foreshadowing
who
I had a NES growing up
Kandarihu: Episode III is just bad.
inb4 troll time with dari
oh boy...
Ah. This scene will never be the same again after Sumica's comment last night. XD
11,02otakon: Cookies :3c
The ladies love computer skills.
as old as YOUR MOM
SuperBrony64: lol
Barbetos what did he say
lol
wrong answer tehepicbrony.
How odl are you?
.....
That game just keeps putting me to sleep
eve?
11,01$1,235. Wow.
If only girls were impressed like this today. ;_;
chicago to paris for $170...
05btw otakon i promise you'll get to see me die horribly in darksouls ocne it comes to PC :3
By the way, those are episodes, the PSO 2 I'm talking about is an actually new game.
rofl
Chocobunny: :D i know right ?
Wrek: YAY!
blow up the world n u get 2nd life
Wrek: can't wait
00,10wait what did I say?
Wrek: thats going to be awesome
How wude
0000001
how rude
jeez im 19 jeez...
rude?
Wrek: your'e gonna love it
how rude
HOW RUDE
Sumica Something about sticking his D in her A. =P
hey movie guy hack the WOPR
wude?
how uncooth
jar jar's voice: How rude!
00,10ahhhhhhh
HOW ROOD
They ban me from the server ?! HOW RUDE
11,01Found the website for the Burger King in Crystal Peak.
Das wood.
Would you like to play a game?
cool
they ban me for griefing? how rude
Oh no! No FAQ! How will he do things now?
ita saw
I miss Schlotzsky's....
otakon: NO!
Unfortunately for him WOPR is protected by Steam VAC
*its
remember this is a 1980 movie, computers sucked back then
these ponys have been invading my house
PAN'S MAZE.
She knows how to turn on printer?
"i would like to play a game"
Uh oh.
and then the wargames
lol
awesome games
DUN DUN DUN.
its saw
I thought computers were just giant machines taking up space.
and buffer
LOL.
goddammit
woah
jbh1145: No, computers did what was orginally intended of them
oh boy
so again ask away if you need to
CoD eat your heart out
To compute
And the buffer show is back!
i want to play tic-tac-toe
Fun games.
That face.
This movie clearly shows that they are high-tech.
buffer show
fuuuuuck
these are some wierd games
Dat music
DEMONSTRATE ALL THE WAR SIMULATIONS
Global Thermonuclear War, you know, for kids.
11,01Dessert Warfare.
GLOBAL THERMONUCLEAR WAR!
Line Break before the Global Nuclear War
How about a nice game of chess?
BUFFER
Worst Game ever
buffer?
AGHH LAG
still didnt list solitaire
11,01Cupcakes vs. Ice Cream Sundaes go!
Hey, hey hey it's the buffer show! the buffiest show around!
LAAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGA
Er, double linebreak
Oh my God... These games sound AWESOME! :D
or minesweeper
GLOBAL THERMONUCLEAR WAR BEST GAME EVER
taktaktaktak
Ice cream sundae.
11,02He must have hacked into EA's Game Development servers.
Ice Cream Sundaes.
CUPCAKES
global thermalnuclear war rated e
MANDARK
Ooooooh
...around women.
Nittany_Discord: sounds yummy :Q
BUT CAN IT RUN MINESWEPPER
SuperBrony64: ... Again
they've never seen a girl before
BURN
Pandemic 2 was better
I am SO playin Theatrewide Biological and Toxic Warfare!
now why would a hacker go to an official?
and sooctallo when you get power to ban?!?!
awesomevoice incoming!:D
Checkers all about checkers EspyLacopa
That game is very succesful. I heard it was blowing up within the first few days.
Hi Mandark.
MANDARK
Genuine Nerds
Get it?
lol mandark
jbh1145: My potato can run Minesweeper
Ohai Mandark
MANDARK
oh god it's that guy
Stereotypes ho!
Ladies and gentlemen, proto Mandark
Ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha ha!
HE EVEN LOOKS LIKE HIM
SUDDENLY MANDARK.
dat voice
:D
WindWhistler: Dat laugh.
You are stooopid, you are stooopid. And don't forget, you are stooopid!
he the guy from polar express
God that nerd
the origianl nerd
Mandark
11,02HA HA HA, HA HA HA HA HA HA HA.
I am Mandark. AH-HA-HA. AH-HA-HA-HA-HA-HA
lol
He sounds familier.
dat nerd
dammit mandark
First Nerd on the Planet
Eh heh heh! Eh heh heh! Eh heh heh heh heh heh heh! :D
it IS Mandark!
Autist
lol
Genuine Nerds
nerd
MANDARK!?
JESmith: My god, that laugh is STUCK in my mimnd
so awesome
:D
MEGA NERD
MANDARK.... WHERES DEXTER
you're acting rudely and insesitive
NEREDYNERD
bye guys..... im deperssed
11,02Chew chew chew, chew chew chew chew chew chew chew.
Remember that episode where he says everything just like he laughs?
NEEEEEEEEEEEEERD!
thats not how logic works
God that voice
These nerds pwn todays nerds.
00,03tehepicbrony: when I was a young boy...
AH HAHAHAHA
:D
This guys has nerd tourettes
beep beep beep, beep beep beep beep beep
NEEEEEEEERRRDS
Nevah
Mandark!
its classified
"I wanna PLAY those GAMES"
Cough cough cough, cough cough cough cough cough
80's nerds are cool, todays nerds are bleh
ITS THE AVGN AS A TEEN :D
Lol
Chocobunny: they dont do nerds like those anymore :'(
Gotta wub Mandark
Very_Silly_Filly they're too mainstream
Dem backdoors.
lol
back doors
POTATO HEAD.
hehe.. backdoors..
GOD DAMNIT.
i gon get somting to eat
Underground nerds are best nerds
scoot okOK ill stay GOD
/me glomps WindWhistler
potata hed
OMG YOU GLOMPED ME
/me dies
Pewtata heed.
PEWTER
You guys are dumb
/me glomps Nittany_Discord
She's hot for geeks
11,02D:
Tell us Mandark.
Melvin
sooooo dumb
I hate it when little kids called computers "puters"...it's so annoying!
melvin....
Exactly.
/me 11,01glomps PONY <34
Thank you for your wisdom Mandark
melvin
WindWhistler: Pootis.
WindWhistler: like sghetti!
LOLJK BYE!!!
Go through Falcon's Maze.
Melvin b' right.
Very_Silly_Filly, we're hanging out on an IRC channel and whining about the unethical business practices of a hugely successful major corporation. I'd say that qualifies us as nerds.
Whatever.
:
and then I got a slide show
Oh god, it's an AI
inb4 he doesnt leave
terminated
11,02So futuristic
Hey, everypony.
tehepicbrony, well, leave then?
otakon's internet is shocking, all is right with the world.
And nobody sees these login attempts?
80's MONTAGE
Very_Silly_Filly: No, that qualitfies us as geeks
MY INTERNET IS SLOW A HECK
/me looks up actors
LOL.
Meanwhile: lol
Geeks are okay, nerds today atren't
Say
Wow, it really was Mandark.
nekkid
You'd think with all these movies about evil AIs, people would be too afraid to try to make them in real life...
Quick_Thinker: 80's montages are best montage's :)
Try... "Admin"
Google from the 80's
EspyLacopa: you finally found that out?
Eddie Deezen.
WindWhistler: yh but no.
Library? What no Google?
Macrophige (sp?)
MAN IS SHIRTLESS
80's computers couldn't block people after repeated login attempts.
woah, the Dewey Decimal system
I remember a time before google...
PONY: try 12345 or password :)
god haven't seen that in years
STOP RIGHT THERE, CRIMINAL SCUM.
Oh, I decided to look it up over on imdb. Didn't bother checking last night.
Or... "User"
dat printer
i am back
looks at sooct oh ya got plz take this az my pecae offing places bomb down BYE!!
sergio_scriptor: thats the same combination on my luggage :o
wb ducky
Say... I wonder if anyone actually DID make a "Falken's Maze" game since this movie came out... :O
Holy crap, this is so futuristic.
Jesus.... I used to own that model of printer...
fail
Pale_Horse: probably
oh the guy was Eddie Deezen
"President"
brb guys
Back when you couldn't just look up the whole libray catlouge on computer
11,02DOGGEH
what did i miss
INCOMING.
up and down
Dot matrix printers were the bomb.
oh hai doggy
Beau!
"boobs"
Now bow before me and declare your alliagience to your Dark and Beutiful queen
That Dog got some action
its bo
ducky: he's trying to bust into WHOPR now
..
HI JENNIFER
lol action
Bestiality?
making out wiht dog...
k
Especiallly when you had to tear the strips with the holes off and it tore the paper.
11,02Oh yeah, Happy Bastille Day everypony ^-^
MrMaxaminus: This is an 80's filmn, no using 90's quotes in 80's
his dad is still recovering from that raw corn...
she's really petting that dog very long
Bastille day?
Sexy Times?
What's that?
I hate it when people have dogs lick their mouths...it's unsanitary...you don't know where that tongue's been...
that weird moment when your girlfriend find you masturbating... :P
sex
MY BODY IS READY
Feris Bueller refference
;P
the movie is a lie, nerds don't have pecs
lol
OHHHHHH SHIRTLESS MANNNNN
masturbating....
My best password For Long time was: "ImPossiblePassword4U"
how r u
Just drawings of boobs.
Very_Silly_Filly I forgot, my apologies.
for a week
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAWKWAAAAAAAAAAAAAARD
bye guys....
Fapkins=?
Its the Airforce's machine!
Actually, human mouths are more filled withy bacteria than dog mouths.
11,02Dat game...DOC BROWN!
yup
captain falcon
OMG DOC BROWN
lol a wire to every piece
PUNCH IT.
Pale_Horse: Try telling them that after a dog has been cleaning itself.
Pale_Horse: indeed,i saw that on discover's"curiosity" :)
learnception
Cant think of any other place where you can watch a movie and chat about it :)
The Game;
l2l
beginning of skynet
We lost it.
THE GAME.
Nyst: i lost
CRAP I LOST THE GAME
GOSH DARN IT
So basically, an AI
dat you oce the game
u lose
It actually says "Tie Game", but still.
Sarah Conner was not amused
lol
The game was invented before we all knew about it
+q?
Amazing looking.
IM. ACTING.
lady boner
U LOSE GOOD DAY SIRRRR
*lose
lol
41
He looks 50
/me feels old
41 is old
41 is now old
41?
BABEH
wow
41 is old?
41s old now
This is really sad.
ENTIRE TEAM IS BABEH
:I
42 IS NEVER OLD
He gave it to you! Of course he knows it!
:'(
personal life
BABEH
sergio_scriptor: except peasants XD
Yeah, 30 years ago people only lived up to their 50's. *sarcasm*
IT IS
It's always that simple
classic
he's in
dat WOPR
easy hack
WOPR wants to play a game
NOW KISS
WindWhistler: in the pre-historic ages, 41 would the equivalent to 80-90 years old :)
FALKENHOOF
it wants to play a game
He's logged in as HIM
WindWhistler back in my day people actually lived to see today
WOPR wants to play Tetris
Press Enter key to delete world
ITS CLEVERBOT
Hello Dave!
wopr is from saw
11,01How do you feel? I feel like making love.
Und dann it talked.
OHai Dave
nobody removed dead user from the lsit?
want to play a game ?
lol
Good morning Dave
Nittany_Discord: Caaaan yooouuu feeeee the loooove toniiiiight?
Wopr Vs BigMac who would win?
I'm dead
Nitanny_Discord: Proceed to hump the screen.
Cleverbot!
Text-To-Speech in 83
its wall-e
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Press any key to start nuclear meltdown. Please consult your manual. Press any key to continue.
Microsoft Sam in his young days
11,01Meanwhile: Yes. Feels warm.
Yes!
11,01And wet.
It's Cleverbot!
ROFL COPTER.
it'S R.O,B,!!!!!!!!!
Shall we play a game?
its glaze
NO.
sure and you just lost
11,02This kid is a future Call of Duty player :P
Oh God
I want to play a game
wuh oh?
Hello, I would like to play a game.
IT'S SWEETIE BOT!
/me blow dries Nittany_Discord.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NO!
Lol
YOU'LL LOSE IT!
we are all dead
/me 11,01is dry
NO
LOL
OHSIT
NO
you've killed us all
And Wopr became Skynet
he's going for a killstreak
Now say that 5 times in a row
chess anyone?
Dem graphics
Think about how different the movie would be if he had said "Yes" to Chess instead.
SWEETIE BOT anypony
Fine. Computer wanted to play Chess. >:I
Lightning fast loading time!
Tic-Tac-Toe.
11,01Let's play Burger Time WOPR
dat graphics
take 2
Equestria
Communist >: (
pick a nation and nuke it
And then boy was Soviet Spy
pick china
it's always the russians
We're Doomed! Doooooooooooooomed O_O
11,01What if he chose the US?
Pale_Horse: nothing would have happen ? :\
And Fallout New Vegas came
New York
Haha
and then Las Vegas was no more
Pale_Horse: But that wouldn't be very fun, would it?
11,02BLOW EM ALL UP, BURN BURN BURRRRn/
it already had 2 in it before he asked ERROR
Let's nuke Justin Bieber first
WHAT THE FUCK
MDK
fuck vegas
NOT VEGAS
battle of LA
Finland!
BWAHAHAHA THIS GAME IS SO FUN
Nittany_Discord: the russiand would strike and the movie would be over :)
nuke the world!
fallout new vegas
Oh SNap
Thanks Shizuka for telling me about the Frozen Synapse offer :$
LOL
/me In Soviet Russia...........WARGAMES play you
welp, seeya vegas, nice knowing ya
hey people
OH FUCK, NEW VEGAS
I bet Russians had a party after this
Yaya
OH SHI-
Oh god.\
Diddutz so Canada then. Click here to nuke canada
yup
Fun fact: This movie is the backstory of the Fallout universe. :D
And so Fallout came to exist
someone call The Courier
/me 11,01clicks
No nuking Canada!
AWOOOGA
auuuga
00,10AWOOOOOOGA!
Remember, Fallout started because of a kid
No MLP:FIM without Canada
Now they will be playing war against one teenager
Nuke Canada! No one will miss them.
WHERE IS THE VAULTS
ninja;d Sumica
/me clicks
11,02Sumica: :P
old school sires
sirens*
Zulu.
WindWhistler butthey make the best tv shows
Oh wow
WindWhistler: no canada,no mlp :'(
i spilled some lemonade
WindWhistler: No MLP without Canada
00,10mine was louder
old school sirens are best sirens
Dken2021_: That is true...they made Viva Pinata...
11,01Pew
PRESIDENT FAT.
google earth
WHY IS THERE A LIVE PANTHER IN MY VAULT?!?!? :'(
11,01Awooooga *pew*
diddutz good work all the rest of Canada is okay but JB is Obliterated you are now a nation hero
WHY DID YOU CANCEL YOUR ONLY GOOD SHOW 4KIDS?!
... I'm really loud when it comes to alarms
WindWhistler: 4Kids had a good show?
we r now at defcom1
*Insert 1cm explosion@
"this is great"
Meanwhile: At least I thought it was good. It looked good compared to everything else.
11,01Tragect Ory.
Nah, this is probably DEFCON 2.
this guy is a noob
what is a tragic-tory heading XD
GarrettBrony: Now the whole world will love me :3
<Meanwhile> whhhhhhtttttttt?
DAMN THOSE KIDS
This is brilliant
Whip it? WHIP IT GOOD!
lol
Defvon 3
DUMBASS!!!!!!! DUMBASS DUMBASS DUMBASS! How much of a DUMBASS is he?............it's like if i would look up for the word in the Dictionary......adn...............(notices Tommy Wiseau is in the definition of ''dumbass'') WELL, MATTHEW SHOULD BE THERE
I have no idea but the graphics are amazing!
EAT.
BEEEP
EAT.
def qon.....1
FATTY.
jbh1145: Eh?
defcon 3 ?! :O
get on da sack
over easy
WAIT, WHAT?!
black guy!
TAKE IT EASY
defcom 0
never mind
A NUKE IS DEFCON 3, WHAT THE FUCK?!
defcom -1
Defcon -1
I went to Def Con once. I got some cool swag and had so much fun.
Where are the Canadian officers in NORAD? its supposed to be a 50-50 split in Amerian/Canadian officers
11,01Flush the bombers. Someone left their loads in them.
GODDAMNIT
Meanwhile In Russia
Defcon -100
defcom 9000
Too slow :p
dat red phone
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: yo
DEFCON 9001
DIZZYRATCHET that means its really peaceful
Meanwhile: quiet you :(
:<
yellow phone
defcom over 9000
She's gonna fall if she keeps leaning.
Silly fillies, there's no more humanity after Defcon 6
i know
y does the video stop and buffer every 5 minutes?
NAO
MOMMAH TOLD ME NOT TO
11,01Lower DEFCON is bad.
PONY: defcon 6 is world peace :D
Busy destroying the world
COME DONE KNNNNOWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!
damnit david.. fasten the lids!
rape time
"Dad, ill be down in a few minutes, im blowing up the United States"
11,01DEFCON sqrt(-1) is "Crazy shit is happening."
DEFCON 1 is world disaster.
Sorry mom, I'm too busy causing chaos in the military
I wonder what Ferris Bueller is doing right now
inb4 swat storm their bbq
sergio_scriptor: And that's inhumane, only to be achived after annihiliaton
11,01*pew*
Defcon 1/0
it's your problem putting food in the trash where the dog can getthen
defcom 0
and they get burgers
total*
DIZZYRATCHET, it's on your end, most likely
PONY: quite :)
11,01Nyst: Wow.
DEFCON 0 is no more DEFCON, because everything is already gone
lol
STOP
Indepence day guy
The worst of all defcons.
its a simmalation
Don't run in the war room. :I
just a simulation? boring
Independence'
Yeah. Chatsise him.. It's not like he's desperate to stop a nuclear war or anything...
commie spies!!!
Call Batman!
troææing xD
LOOKS LIKE WE GOT A "puts glasses on" situation
defcom 1 on independance day
trolling*
Lol
defcon e^(i*Pi)*-1 is worst
SIMULAYSHUN
that would be weird
oh.. he's playing a game alright
My ultimate badass character wasn't born until '87
lol
Hurrah
Dat cheating.
troll family
"Dad, Im gay."
New Car!
I tottaly earned these grades
lol
I tottaly didnt cheat
oh boy
*scrunchy face*
50's dad and mom are awesome
This is going on the refridgerator for sure! :)
"all Ds!!!! im so pproud of you!"
wish it was that easy
There's no way that real parents wouldn't smell the cheating.
OH GOD
you cheated ...im so proud :'(
WHY DID THE MILITARY TELL THE PUBLIC
idk
"I'm so proud of you" - "Are you Space too dad?"
11,01Surprise! Missile Attack!
Quick_Thinker: so ppl might evacuate
he is a red spy
FIRE ZEMISSILES
sorry to ask. Whats this movie called?
/me I totally didn't cheat.............allowance please!
Steam is notifing me again
it's the batphone
But I am le tired
SpadeMagnes[R]: But I am le tired.
Fire le ciggerettes/missiles
GET A FUCKING PYRO.
war games
WE NEED A SPYCHECK.
IM SCREWED
Screwed.
SWOOD
I am screwed
Schrewed
okay but they told them that they made a mistake so they look like bigger dumbasses
Skwood
NAIL.
/me spy checks the chat
Lol
scwed
SCWOOD
scood!
Swood
Oh yes...he loves being screwed alright...
Going to the store guys. Be back later
scooby doo
/me I'M SCREWED MAN, SCHREWED
SWAOODED
he is a screw ? O_o
Looking at this movie 30 years down the road is awesome.
Skwood.
Panic tiem!
Nittany_Discord: Yay, you get what I meant
RUN FOR YOUR LIFE KID
inb4 he gets assassinated
and then she did
/me Panics
We're tottaly going to blow off we caused A NATIONAL PANIC
dumb girl is dumb
She has so little braincells it's...yeah.
Why is this girl so hot? Why is Matthew dating her?
Panic!
Someone is not getting presents from Santa this year.
She thought it was a game too
she digs them kgb spies
DESTROY ALL DA PAPAET
oh god
burn it...burn all the things!
Dark92Enigma: magic ? :)
Oh mai gawd
KILL ALL PAPER.
Dark92Enigma, a moment of silence for our brothers in the Friendzone
What do you want Hal
the fuc k
Oh mai gaaaaaaaaaawd
Burn ALL the paper!
The AI called him?
hello dave
oh fu-
OH SH---- ALIENS COMING FROM THE COMPUTER!!!!!!
Hey! You know what other cold era film we should watch? Russkies! I loved that movie as a kid! :D
Ded.
oh boy
sergio_scriptor I guess.........lucky filly
I'm afraid I can't let you do that Dave.
DED
small soldiers
hi everypony
I'm late D:
hi
TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK
DIZZYRATCHET I like that movie
We're all skwood.
hi LochNessCheez :)
Hai LochNessCheez
wait a day has passed i thoguht only a few hours have
hiya DIZZYRATCHET
Hi LochNessCheez :3
hey LochNessCheez
wb LochNessCheez
awesome movie
A while ago, Shizuka or some other mod linked to a video about something called an Acoustic modem that I see David using.
lol
and then he's in over his head
That voicecrack.
to win THE GAME
OFC!
you just lost it
Dat troll computer :D
11,01Good luck winning The Game.
GAME.
THE GAME
hi DIZZYRATCHET
i lost the game
Win The Game
I watched this movie like 3 times anyway
i lost
Pwned
he lost
and he's screwed
Nittany_Discord: I lost
I lost
the game!!
Remember chat, the game.
primary goal:rape
That computer is way too sarcastic to be an AI.
Sooo... Did the professor intentionally program sarcasm into the computer?
BATMNA.
What kind of handshaking signal is that, anyway?
DIZZYRATCHET: no rape jokes
Batmna.
no Rape Jokes DIZZYRATCHET
/me HE'S PLAYING WITH THEM............AND NOW HE'S PLAYING ME................OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
hug the phone!
ok no jokes
lol
primary goal: don't lose
the clock is ticking
All those numbers he phoned?
Tick.
he sleeps with that phone now
Tock.
Could they be ringing him back?
Tick.
Tock.
its Sweetiebot
^
Clock is ticking!
^
that 7-11
holy fu- so it is!
24: 1983 edition
TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK TICK TOCK
Uneccesary panic is unnecessary
clock IS TICKING!
Movies and games have blessed us with an abundance of charismatic evil AI's.
clock, Is, TICKING
Clock is ticking everypony CLOCK
IS
they know
Sweetie bot will nuke you with love
I wounder if the 711 has a wild gunman
TICKING
spy in red base
11,01Frozen Synapse comes with two copies.
TOCKING
DAYUM
This car looks suspicious
walk away
11,01If someone gets that, can I have a free copy?
not suspicious at all...
lol
stranger danger
indeed
It is said that one script kiddie.. is to gain great power.
the worst thing that could happen, would be he getting hired by the goverment due his extraordinary skills
OH SHI FBI
de are so clever
Nittany_Discord, maybeh
it's rape time
He is nooby-kiin.
the absolute right
fbi run
I'll see if I'm gonna buy it
COMMANDPROMPT-BORN
Nittany_Discord: how convenient, I have one :D
THERE HERE TO PASS SOPA OMGGGGGGGGGG
i got a lawyer
at least he's getting his rights read
get in our van...we got candy
CENSORSHIP
It's the Feebi!
Nittany_Discord: let me friend you first though
FBI Candy
INTERIOR CROCODILE ALLIGATOR
The haters kidnapped him
Rare Candy
See you never reply to that. If you don't say anything, they can't continue.
jbh1145: they wouldn't even SAY your mirand rights in that case
11,01MadSurge: kce_killer_kyle
It's the royal guard
it's the partywagon!
YOU KNOW WHAT I HATE INTERNET PIRACY!!!!!
but isn't it just a simulation?
Ah... This Scene
/me Takes pictures
and thts what happens to those who give season 3 spoilers
pentagon trip
Why are the Feebi allways trying to keep me down? :|
Give nukes to black lady
boom
red buttom incoming
LOL
Trolled.
fail
heh jokes
THE BIG SHINY RED BUTTON
GarrettBrony: They get the BAN HAMMER for 24 hours :(
and this is the button to launch the nukes
dohoho
lawl
trolling
OHGODWE'REALLGONNADIE-nah just kidding.
yeah, really funny there
What a funny guy. o__o;;
lol
troll alarm
trollestia strikes again
She just won the game
/me hides in igloo bunker
Birmingam? Hey, that's south of me
then she had a heart atack
THE GAME!
Trolling with live nukes is the best kind of trolling.
I bet she was thinking that she was a mass murderer, but then this fucking moron.
Norad trolling. VISITOR ALERT! VISITOR ALERT! ALL PERSONNEL LOOK BUSY!
11,01They blew up Congress!
:'(
fast chat is fast
press wrong butten and we die
Nittany_Discord: they already did that
Time... To... Play... A GAME!!! YEEAAAHH
This are the people in charge
Very_Silly_Filly yay alabamians /)
They stole Birmingham?
Wut,
lol
Guys I got compressed vertically the other day should I be worried?
They blew up the 59th Street Bridge! :O
defcom 4
did he say disneyland?
disny nuke land
ALL THE GUM
He did
otakon how did that happen?
I'm fromy England.
:O
yum
NUKE MICKEY.
i want to go to nuke land :)
HE'S THE SPY.
Nittany_Discord: you're Nittany Tiger, right?
I'm from england ^^
ABC gum: Already Been Chewed
when did this years summer sale from steam start?
PASSWORDDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well, actually I'm from poland but I live in england
diddutz: 3 days ago
PASWED.
yes sa password
thx
Dken2021_: got caught inbetween a low hanging branch and the riding mower while cutting the grass. I got kind of pinched for a second.
oh it's the cop from Masters of the Universe!!!
SNIFF
13Kandarihu: using a receiver like that was very common in the early internet
You're all SLACKERS
11,01MadSurge: Yep.
That Whopper needs more protection from McDnlds
lol
Toy company. This was when video games were regarded as children's toys.
Nittany_Discord: sent request!
Kandarihu: eeyup
Shizuka: Dial up internet?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: :D
BIG MAC VS WHOPPER BATTLE
otakon ouch
yes yes there is
burger king vs mc donalds
explanation: changelings
Soviet Spy
11,01I don't know if I can accept request on the website.
Burger king is better
he is a slacker!
11,01I'll try.
That Renegade Teenager
I see. I didn't even have my own home computer until about 1997
BIG MAC VS BACONATER VS WHOPPER
It's that guy! That guy who plays bit parts in tons of movies but you can never remember his name! :O
oh god im a sleeper
For funsies. :3
Dken2021_: it hurt and the back of my neck is bruised from a smooshed disc and I feel gassy but I'm okay.
wat does this say about us
Pale_Horse: exactly!
the lulz
Happy General is happy
I got my first computer in 2002
I play a game and someone gets nuked. You can't explain that!
lol
My first ISP was AOL
I need a new computer :(
he looks like Saddam
otakon ooh, might waht that checked out
Give the Teenager a job?
same Ponies47
13softmodems that dial the line directly didn't come around til the late 80s ish
same here
Dken2021_: I think I'm okay tbh
... yet...
lol dem charges
this movie is getting boring
That sgt wears his Berret like a plug
otakon well long as you're ok then
you cant leave a hacker in a room alone
No charges YET!
Pluh = recruit
plug'
LochNessCheez: When you got a 9 year old computer like me yeah. It's time to get a new one. I'm not on that one now. But still I do need to replace it. :(
POKER AND NUCLEAR WARR!!!!!!!
:(
its the Whopper!
dat wopr
The foals! Don't they know that the TRUE analogue of nuclear war is Crazy 8's?
DEFCONNNNNNNN
oh god WW3
hello all :D
ANIHILATION
it's been a while
allo Combustiblelemons
DAT WHOPPER
world war 3 is worst war
ww3=mars
finally got a break from work :p
WW3 = MW3 :O
lol
wat
Valve should join WW3, then it would defuse itself because Valve can't count to 3.
WW3 = Bronies vs Anti-bronies
Technically, a war between only two countries can't count as a world war
Next thing Joshua calls for, is probably for a date
dat some ste up
*set
Valve in kindergarden
"i dont know how WW3 will be faught,but i know WW4 will be faught with sticks and stones"-albert einstein
XD
Ok valve count from 1 to 3
lol
He works for CSIS!
and then the joke went sour
sergio_scriptor: ah Einstein
call of duty quote
dude, he's in HIGH SCHOOL
Skynet!
um if WW3 was Bronies VS anti bronies we would lose CAUSE WE DON'T FIGHT
ok 1,2 ummmmmmmmmm 2 1/2 ummmmmm
1 2... hats!
He's like...16?
gentlemen.
yeah
if they stopped to think about it... Paris wouldn't be any safer during WW3 than anywhere else.
when valve counts to 3 it's defcon 3
mentlegen.
it's Joshua
Quick_Thinker that doesn't stop the ponies in the show from fightinhg
pickup the goddamn phone!
8,6except valve can't count to 3
pick it up!
Quick_Thinker, Sun Tzu wrote that the greatest victory is the battle never fought.
Pale_Horse: he would have been able to make contact with a Soviet Handler
fair enough
why does everyone hate gaben so much :*
bronies will stop ww3
kirzstryfe: they can count to III though
Oh well, to be frank, I don't think anyone would care if france were nuked. Just saying :)
I suppose so...
that's what she said
The French Very_Silly_Filly
Combustiblelemons: i like gaben :'(
Steam sale, I... http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/074/509/pJJTG.jpg
X'D
Combustiblelemons: bc HL3 SHOULD have came out by now. over 10 years later and nothing.
except for you kn ew france
thankyou
dont leave him in da room alone
Hehe. Penetration. Hehe.
DO HO HO
Half Life 2 Episode 2, Portal 2, Team Fortress 2, Left 4 Dead 2
jbh1145: Counter Strike 2
well maybe gabe's waiting for the hype to die down
jbh1145: half-life 2 :episode 2 :part 2 ?
woot.. ponyversion of magic:o
remember duke nukem forever?
COunter Strike SOurece which is 2
send delta squad
do you want hl3 to turn out like duke nukem?
Handsome Gabe? He was aleady gorgeous. o_o
DEFCON GabeNewelll
genmentle
it was overhyped and therefore failed.
hacking
jbh1145: No, Counter Strike Global offensive is CS2
jbh1145: what about counter-strike global offence ? it's the 3 game in the series
oh god
Source doesn't count, it's a remake
I know but it isnt out yet
handsome face ftw
OF COURSE!
God damn
That;s great. leave a hacker alone in a room with an important computer...
28 hrs
Very_Silly_Filly: damn :'(
He didn't wait for an answer.
dat K/R
69, olol
They should just change the name of Half-Lie 3 (Or Episode 3)... Just Call it Final Half-Life, or Half-life: Final Hours
Back then only 125 mil people in US
/me M.BISON: OF COURSE!!!!!!!!!!
Or is this just fantasy?
Combustiblelemons you can't blame a 10 year hype
I heard that the plans for the next episode of Half Life 2 would involve the Borealis. Maybe the next game cold just be Half Life vs Portal
OH SNAP
what movie is that ?
Good evening.
hi Malavolent :)
Heyo, Malavolent.
BUSTED
Comeon Joshua. Global Thermonuclear War is boring... Dont you wanna play TF2 instead?
i'd say he knows no matter what he does to the game, someone's going to be butthurt over it.
hi Malavolent
RAPE.
BUTTHURT
ashka: war games
call herrrrrrr
lol
thanks somepony_else
he is alone again
lol
idiots... In soviet union, the government would have either kileld him already, or actually placed him in work to use his skills.
Forever alone
lock him in the meds room.... what?
soooo many tampons
Genius
why would you do that :/
recovery
it's time to get high :)
lol
No brig Combustiblelemons
For the love of Celestia STOP LEAVING THE HACKER ALONE!
it's mcgyver
ikr
macgyvertiem!
no janitors' closet?
11,01Flush the bombers every time you use them.
LEAVE HACKER ALOONNNEEEE YOU BAS****
its Macgruber time
trololol
so pro
Sneeaaaky
11,01And close the seats.
machacker
11,01:p
PCP?
Laaaag
MacGyver > MacGruber
How convient.
lets lock him in a room full of sharp medical instruments and drugs. what could go wrong?
Combustiblelemons so he's being discorded?
wait.... why was the computer talking in that guy's office?
MACGYVER for the win!
He's a hacker with a loose wire! Watch out!
11,01Hi Combustiblelemons. Haven't seen you in a while.
Hello there everypony
hi nittany
lol
Sundaysmile: magic ? :)
hi
Hey Obsidian :P
Heyo, Obsidian.
yeah i've been trying to buy time off for ages now
hiya Obsidian
bathroom plz
Honesty
No
How honest.
Brown chipboards. Man that's old.
HAAXXX!!!!!
Science skill of 100
... o_o;
wat?
phreaking
o_o
o_O
hes a badass
he needs help from applejack
The U.S. Defense Agency! Let's give them a big hand Fillies andGgentlecolts!
eeyup
/me claps
i've only been here 15 minutes and this movie is plothole city
THE US defense Agency are kind of dumbasses
clever
THATS SPIKE
send elevator to hack room
sneaking: 100
i suppose it is the usa.
SLACKER!
Combustiblelemons: not realy :P
11,01Touchy touchy.
bad touch
TO THE ELEVATOR
Needs carboard box
hide like a baaawwwss
He needs to get to the time scrolls
RUN BITCH
Sneaking check failed
Nice.
they rolled 1s
reroll passed
LIKA BAWSSSS
Well, I certainly see no way that this can end badly.
he's not proving his innocence well here is he
"hehe,that's right idiots,im just a box"
War Games the Board Game By Hasbro!
he cant be far
Combustiblelemons: Because that would make his quest too difficult
Combustiblelemons: becasue normally codelocks dont work with sound and thatw as impossible to do
lol
Got to save the world Sundaysmile, besides he can still go to Paris
11,01War Games the Video Game by Activision!
plotholes. how do they work.
Friendship is Tactical!
Nittany_Discord: oh god
Well, there is no such thing as perfect system security. It's always a persistant arms race vs the maintainers of the system and the attackers. David is the attacker, and he's WAY ahead of these maintainers
Nittany_Discord, I'll pass.
11,01I know.
Combustiblelemons: they suck plot :|
black ops
Dat Combustiblelemons.
meanwhile :D
Even now, where maintainers are, hackers are always a step ahead
Aren't the people who design these systems in the first place the ones ahead?
it's been too long huh
Wargames the movie. Based on the board game by Hasbro... Itself based on... Wargames the movie... :P
Way too freakin' long.
David is a SLACKER!
Or are the military people who run the place not aware of what their hardware is capable of?
agreed GarrettBrony
Where've you been? :D
lol
battleship unfortnaly cant do the same
Young Macgyver/Solid Snaek
11,01Battleship The Movie: The Board Game.
hold it son
Blending inwith the crowd? David's an Assasin!
Nittany_Discord Battleshiption
lol
trying to fix my work schedule.... mix up meant i was working far more than i should have -_-
I was looking........at the pile of fish!
bye now
and HOME FREE!
lolpro
epic win
how lucky is this kid
i got paid for it at least I guess
Win.
Dat's a win
;D
epic escape
Or the military just sucks. >_<
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!
It cant be this easy to start Nuclear War
He's very motivated alexxm
Combustiblelemons: Damn, that blows. But yeah least you got paid.
Sneaky little boy
WOPR
NORAD. The people who aren't rad.
Maybe they should play Yakkety Sax during that sequence.
I loved those assassins. Blending in without concealing their doszens of weapons and dressed in pristine white when everyone else is covered in mud...
WOPR and his 256K memory
I like how noone even has a clue that the computer is running the wargame.
Chocobunny well said
xD
Pale_Horse: lol
Pale_Horse does that mean altair is king then
yakkity yak
wopr
WOPR, DAMN YOU.
and noone ever checked that tony display?
its memory is over 9000
Dark_Horst: enope
we got a guy to cover up what someone else should have been doing in the first place now so i can finally relax :3
dude, they suck
East baound and down loaded up and truckin
no one ever reads the human readable screen, but logs all the binary coded lights?
wow... a clean phone booth?
I tried this in 99' it didn't work
Überbiscuits.
>>alexxm: Yes. yes it does.
this kid knows everything...
Chrysalis: it's magic :)
Does this kid know everything?!
I like 80's computer science. Like how the whole mind of Optimus Prime fit on a floppy disc.
Now, kids, this is called a phonebooth...
VAST AMOUNTS OF DATA on that floppy disk. :P
this kid seems like a marty stu
That was a super floppy Nyria|ArtClass
<== Note! This is not the Tardis
no porn in the phone booth dicrase
"Super floppy"
Wat.
phonebooth kids
rem-dog like the one Dr Who travels in
That was a super floppy Nyst
zap
So thats how people get free calls! :O
lol
please note, that doesnt actually work
I think they have a pill for that now.
remember kids this was before cell phones
if only I knew how to do that...
dat phreaking
ultimate MacGyver
I tried that years ago it didn't work
magic :)
No wonder payphones are so rare nowadays
555.....5
phreaking died out as tech updated
MacGimmick!
You can whistle into the phone as well.
Obsidian, cellphones
Well what does that mean? That boy needs therapy.
11,01555 *explodes*
Kandarihu: Well that too
lol
Stephen Falcon = Stephen Hawking?
You're nuts.
lol
captain falcon
she's pretty flexible
Meanwhile what if this movie is all in Davids head?
dat flexibility
ring ring
fanservice
dat yoga
stretch
She's getting ready to babysit twins.
Nyst: Holy crap, what did you just go on about.. fuck me..
Hear the name... legs clsoe.
"so,waht are you wearing ?"
GarrettBrony: What if this movie is all in the computers head?
Does this unit have a soul?
Did he say he needed hairliner?
I just noiticed the similarities.
just front the money bitch
Meanwhile :O
I'm not against fanservice on this level. I just don't like it when it gets out of hand. This is cool
do it for me plz
Of course you have a soul unit. It's why we programmed one into you... Specifically so we could crush it.... :|
hope you like Vodka
INTERSET
Pale_Horse, is that a quote from something?
makes me nostalgic for the 80s
i loooove vodka :)
/me misses the 80s
WOPR
Time to upgrade to soul 2.0
Nah. just made it uo
:D
*up
the stream just died for me
D:
gameboy graphics
OH SHI 26 HOURS
WTF is that flying contraption!
LochNessCheez: that sucks :'(
it's a demon!
11,01The 90s were better.
history has it's way of repeating itself so maybe we'll get a second 80s
ohai regular ponies
nvm it's back
:D
the 2080s... :(
Heyo.
Now, kids this is called a prop-plane...
...
13i liked ally sheedy better as the basketcase in breakfast club
lol
Wow she is just...stupid.
Oh yeah, it was the grade. =.(\
ohai IshBestPony
The 80's were far FAR superior to the 90's
its the 80's do a lot of coke and vote for roland reagan
ohai Jim
The FBI gets really pissy about grades.
*guile's theme*
I remember this
:P
Shizuka, I got Frozen Synapse :$
90s>80s
Woo!
Jee David, Is this about the grades or the nukes? It's the grades isn't it?
*Gee
NOT QUITE DEAD
there is a point where the stupidity of someone is tolerable by the amount og good looking,but that is just to much stupid :|
Frozen Synapse on sail?
The 1980s were awesome, because that's the only decade of the only sane president in the whole friggin' century.
sail? sale*
Meanwhile, eyup.
he need to lose THE GAME
He gonna beat it isnt he?
I wub you Nittany_Discord . here, have a 100 bit coin
NOW KISSS
and then they made out
the kiss
13and denied
DEEEEEEEEEEEEVON!? I mean DAAAAAAAAAAVID
lol
FRIENDZONED
Holy crap
11,01Thank you GarrettBrony <3
bits are a reference to bitcoins aren't they?
Hear the name = close the legs, you know you saw that happen
a minecraft server im on... Notch just came on it :o
Dark92Enigma dont you mean NEEDLES!
Waiting for spike and rarity to do a full kiss on the lips for 10 seconds
that dino
Oh wow that is a sale, £3.79
WTH
Was that a pterodactyl?
wtf
at first i thought it was a dino
LochNessCheez, bits are the currency in Equestria
??????????????????
the faq?
DINOSAURS!
a real one
Nyst: yep
yes they are
all of a sudden jurrassic park?
damn petrodactyls
It is, it's a pteradactyl
Dinosuar
GarretBrony i meant DEEEEEEVILLLLL
but aren't they a reference to bitcoins
lol
epic fall
fail.
also that's an awesome RC plane
Its an eletric pterdayocl
fucking scientists playing god with robot dinosaur clones
LochNessCheez Yes and No
Allo Ish.
11,01I'm Roger Pony
/me orders Minish Cap, gets free copy of Link to the Past & Four Swords with it :)
its a call of duty quote
Roger Roger
13yes he totally has reason to believe two random kids
It was really fin and informative
*fun
WOPR
Didn't he play one of the Doctors?
baom
Well he does with the whole "Joshua" name drop.
dat alska
That, um, found his house, called him by his real name, and mentioned his kid.
Shizuka well... 2 Kids whofound out about a rather big secret
Shizuka but what About joshua . Now can you let me in to your house
Oh, you know the name of my son? Okay, I'll beleive all your stories and sacrifice myself for you
WPOR: I shall defeat you, BGMAC!
willywonka.jpg
JOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSHUAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
did that say Pun response?
Touchscreens! How fancy!
Not watching stream atm, dunno
2
2222222222222
I gots touchscreen computer
:O
Pale_Horse, WOPR
2
AWOOOOOOOOA!
Not Defcon 2!
defcom 2
11,01Alarm time!
:O
AWOOOOOOOOOGA
dun dun dun
11,01*pew*
Nyst do the touchscreen speak Fancy?
AWOOGA
11,01*pew*
11,01*pew*
man they knew how to make sirens back in those days
O know... i just can't type worth a damn at all...
11,01*pew*
pew
phasers in the background
Will they bomb or not?
Does anyone think that alarm sound like muffled yell; "A-laaarma! A-laaarma!"
no soviets?
MadSurge: nope :P
Nittany_Discord stop spaming Or I'll consult an Mod.... wait...
omg Russians have Cloaking
Ghost pings.
yup
14 HOURS OH SNAP
11,01Lil_B: Sorry :<
lol
:D
tell the pilot to TAKE OFF! ------Leslie Nelson
they learned it from klingon ships
The russian is a spy!
Fallout New Vegas
what did i miss?
sergio_scriptor: I know, I'm just making tension
Me and keyboards... We're not friends... :(
I loved it when you nuked las Vegas. :D
its EA 4 sure
they're underground
Oh no, buffering
MadSurge: i know too,i saw you here last night :P
And it was going so flawlessly too :c
filler! it's filler yeah!
the fuq man
Keyboards killed my parents....
they were called Humans
what if David played as the USA. He would have launched nukes for real
ITS KING KONG ANIMATION
What is this wizardry? They disappeared!
11,01If it was EA, they would make the launch code DLC.
Then you are of no use to me *pushes Jim off the edge of a cliff*
He reminds me of sir brian cox
NO!. IT DIDN"T!
yup
^
instant win
the bees?
"Long live the king"?
Brian Cox can suck a dick
/me Cause this is FILLER!..........FILLER TIME! An hour and a half is just too long for uncreative minds.....WOO-HOO!
not a fan huh dari?
no the muffins
NOT THE BEES NOT THE BEES
Dark92Enigma STOP filler TIme
Nah, he just seems patronising, and he looks like a twat.
i love tic tac toe
Brilliant, suddenly, my reception is terrible
not the muffins
who plays flaken
i always win at tic tac toe :)
John Wood
bullshit
a fair description of him I suppose.
tic tac toe da baawws
I win all the time
STOP Fighting THIS IS THE WAR ROOM
That... Was the most stupid and unscientific way of summing up the situation I've ever heard... Are you really a professor? Did you get your credentials over the internet or something?
He decided to be a family man
Oh it's alright.
Wat
its stupid
13well at least he thought it through
BAAAAAAAWL SHIT
Oh. I feel SO much better.
that Professor is kinda right
11,01He wants to die quickly.
its stooopiud
he wants to die die die
yeah, I don't remember this part
have sex before death
Either way, we're screwed.
ohh, that optimism
scwood
/me invites every brony to his Fallout Shelter
Cheery fellow.
13no david this is quake
he sounds like simon cowel
Pale_Horse you speak just like the Nostalgia Critic
13nice try though
pony_1167: sounds legit
Ninjazz: Don't you mean skrood?
Joshua
:)
ah DUH
Lol
Chocobunny, yes, skrood too.
where's joshua!
stay FOR THE END!
I am a fan of his. admittedly.
Pale_Horse cause that's how he would act towards this scene..........
YEA SLEEP ON THAT DIRTY FLOOR LIKE A BAWWWSSSS
Combustiblelemons: He's ded
scooby doo
You know the guy who played Falken did the WOPR voice. He spoke the lines backwards and then they reversed and digitized it.
Dark92Enigma you don't think.....nah....
suddenly helicopters
WOPR.
Und dann stream goes screwy because Frozen Synapse is installing.
hey Shizuka I heard somewere that your name means Calm. is that true?
rem-dog: neat
Pale_Horse so am i!
so what pony ep are we watchinf after?
Grr, my internet is suddenly slow
13one of many meanings yes
They are gonna need a bigger boat
Espeically when this film's getting good
Thats Shizuka
calm
*thanks
Lol
goddammit Soviets
sheet
video lag for anyone?
Actually. i love a lot of the That Guy With The Glasses folks. like Linkara and Phelous and all the others.
mr president soviet inbound
soviet bomber
also, inb4 it's NOT actually Soviets
TAT ES A LAWD A SHEET
13pff
13wopr's just cheating now
no WHOPR does
in Soviet Equestria Game Plays You
yes yes he is Shizuka
i don't have any lag Sundaysmile
pony_1167: dog and pony show i think
sheet of paper
Wopr sure likes playing Terran
8,6>computer cheats
Man, Steam's not working for me right now. I'm going to restart
WOPR is OP
No can haz swim
thx :)
Shizuka: Sv_1 cheats
8,6>surprised? :P
Kandarihu: odd man
WOPR is skynets predecsor
Computer cheating is Bad Luck Brian's PC
wtf...
^
she is a moron
AI is a cheating bastard
kirzstryfe: the computer is a cheating bastard
IshBestPony EEYUP. I want him to review this movie <-----------unless someone else from TGWTG.com did reviewed it before
agreed with her7
1380s nerd needs a flaw? can't swim
pussy he cant swim pussy
oh he's an asshole now
Wonder woman
13problem solved
a weakness
Where we're going, we don't -need- boats.
I am going to burgur king. Want anything
where are the sea ponies when you need them?
Computer's just going to spawn nukes 1 mile from the target.
She's not Wonder Woman, she's flat chested....
doesn't seem so much of a nerd
What kind of an asshole nukes the country he lives in?
11,01I can't use the toilet. :p
She's Wonder Woman because she can swim? :|
Can try to seduce her
11,01Kidding.
kirzstryfe: yep, never saw a computer cheat :D
COME ON, IT'S A ONCE IN A LIFETIME, KID!
Gonna die in 9 hours
Nittany_Discord: hmmmmm
RAPE HER.
GarrettBrony: A chicken sammich please
maybe they can find sea ponies or something
DOO EET.
Chocobunny: the usa ? :P
Chocobunny: NO rape jokes
I cant read or write Ive just guessing the whole time otakon
*Crying*
GarrettBrony CHEESEBURGERS, LOTS AND LOTS OF CHEESEBURGERS!!!
Yes! Call upon the Sea Ponies!
Defcon 2 and nobody is sheltered
Nittany_Discord: :D that would be troublesome
GarrettBrony: lol
shoo be doo
I was kicked for No.
she looks a bit like emma wattson
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo
there is a cheat code forGTW
My internet is so slow now
SHOO BE DOO
I can't see stream because
thats his one regret
hmm gunna die in 9 hours, just in time to lose a virginity, but where would the hacker find a girl to have fun with
11,01Adult diapers for life. Yikes.
If there's any time we needed the Sea Ponies... it is now... :|
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: lol
SOS! SOS! SOS!
Great the sea ponies song is stuck in my head again
David just call upon the sea ponies.
We need Bacon and Applejack to almost drown.
combustiblelemons: i know right!
NOW KISSSSS
KISS
/me i wanted to learn to swim so bad..........BUT THAT WAS...........A LOT OF FISH
13aaaand cue spotlight
PONY: Ikr, but at that age they were like "let's keep it secret"
oh boy
daaaaaaawwwwwww:)
:O
Meanwhile its Megan
:D
Suddenly, helicopter
D'aaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwww
GarrettBrony: Nope, Bacon.
We need help! Suddenly SHOO BEE DOO
RUUUUUUUUUUU NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
damn cops always cockblocking
Bacon and Applejack.
its the fuzz!
I remember this scene like it was yesterdaty
get to the cho[[a
anypony seen Ponies the Anthology II yet?
oh no choppa
az wild helicopter apears
Go away slow internet
Nope. it's definitely Bacon. :P
get to the choppa
cheese it!
GarrettBrony: it's bacon and applejack!
yes, run from a helicopter
IshBestPony: yep :)
thatll work
Lol good helicopting
IshBestPony, of course
IshBestPony: Got bored after twenty minutes.
Ey... That guy Snitched!
mmm bacon
red spy uses run
inb4 hydra missiles
he could hack it somehow! and then fly it to seattle!
its soviet chopper
WHAT FUCKING CHOPPA ARNLOD SCHWARZENNEGGER, WHAT CHOPPA
Cloak yourself, you stupid noob spies!
And then nothing sexual happened
Anypony seen Anthology II yet?
GET TO THE CHOPPa
ARNOLD*
GET TO THA CHOPPA
>> GarrettBrony: Good one Carmine. :D
damnit darks
it failed
asshole doesnt have a boat, because the asshole has da choppa
CHOOPA
CHAWPA
quick! throw a decoy orb!
VBah, now I ghosted
well... he could have just not frighten them...
BRITISH GUY TO THE RESCUE
dat dem der choppa
that guy... what a dumbass.
lol
no boat? has a choppa
Meanwhile: is it still "let's put new audio over clips"?
yay
Tried, got bored.
13no we certainly haven't streamed it like four times since it came out
He could have told them earlier.
No need for boat... Has a CHOPPA
ikr
Da Choppa! Get To It!
Naaah
oh shi
Hi everypony! ;)
hi
IT IS NOT REAL GODDAMMIT!
MadSurge: Eeyup.
CHOPPA............always saves the day
hi TheRareP0N3 :)
Hey TheRareP0N3 :P
WOPR!
Hey TheRareP0N3!
Once you stream Anthology 2, it's basically an impromptu movie night.
Launch might be real, they are defending
hey
and then all hell broke loose
OF ALL THE WORST POSSIBLE THINGS THAT COULD HAPPEN THIS IS THE WORST
11,01So many missiles!
8,6^
PONY: it's not
Heey TheRareP0N3
LOL.
hey TheRarePON3 how've you been
shit, they launched the buffer O:
Oh dear.
13defcon 1 is nuclear war for people not paying attention
5 hello's
:O
^^
WW3 Launched
I FEEL LOVED. <3
defcom 1 oh no
dat dem der missiles
DAMN THE WHOPPER
1
whopper
Whopper
A not very fun one.
11,01Flush the bombers? Did they forget to flush again?
Goddamn internet
1 :O
No shit
Double whooper
8,6would've been better if they had pared it down to 2 separate videos, or one around 30m
Meanwhile: then I'll wait for the Grand Galloping Collab sequel :D
Triple whopper with bacon and cheese
launch detected?
SAWM MASHEEN.
lolwtf.
Meanwhile silence you!
GTG. BYE EVERYPONY! Gonna go see the new Spiderman movie! :)
nuke trolling
Charlie the Masheen.
Too much PMV.
Ponies47: ewww
13secure the stargate
wait what is defcon 1?
8,6Anth1 was a good length
AWOOOOOGA
bye Ponies47
Bye Ponies47
Yeah, they could have cut ALOT of the bland stuff out.
Awooooga!!!
LEROY JENKINS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
bye Ponies47
Ponies47: have fun!
Also too many jokes already doe before
11,01Hug the Shizuka!
Ponies47: Tomorrow... SPOILERS
Double Whopper all the way across the sky!
Starchaser: nuclear war
Starchaser: The world = fucked
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka
bye Ponies47
done*
defcon 1 is the highest priority
bye 47
they need to stop making spiderman movies
13they should take a hint from the waves of SFM videos coming out
lol
Maybe they ask the SGC for help!
Like The Rock jokes.
bye Ponies47
Fallout 4 gunna happen i guess
bye shizuka
/me hugs Shizuka
13keep them to 30 seconds or shorter
:(
wait
in the originals it never said any shit about his parents.
somebody please vote strangelove as a a movie after this...
;/
/me hugs Shizuka
he has a buggy too?
bye, shizuka.
Bye Ponies47, bye Shizuka
Shizuka isn't leaving
i know
why disconnect external power
bye
13not going anywhere...
Nittany told us to hug Shizuka
Oh, sorry
she's not leaving guys
:P
fuck that gate
lol fail
Fuck gates OSHI ahhhh
fail
Way to go.
charge up internal sinks until it fals
I'd really like to see the movie Russkies get picked after this
Noobs.
screw the gate!
or wait..... THE CHOPPER CHANGED INTO A BUGGY!
SHIT they dead
just saying this fallout 2 out as this movei was coming out
derpy hooves drivng.
O_O
xD
11,01Shizuka needs hugs at the end of the world.
Quick_Thinker: eeyup
Russkies was awesome when I was a kid. :)
transformer
Lolwut
Ooops. :(
transformers
awwwoooga
Nittany_Discord: Shizuka needs hugs PERIOD!
A fox just wandered straight past my window
lol
13eh the world ends all the time
Nittany_Discord, Only then?
AWWOOOGA
Inb4 goddamnit.
RUNNNNNN.
who's the other guy?
Kinda sucks that their locking their security forces outside
Dat Klaxon.
Hold the god damn door!
Meanwhile: DAMMITGOD!
god damm door is now common
And shizu never wants hugs except from certain ponies.
8,6how ot make the movie better, guard loses leg in giant door
I feel bad for them, they are adorable
your all fur coat no knickers bitchs!
AAGOSISJOAZIJDA
Shizuka: yep :D still, *hug*
end of da world plus transformers
You'd think people would be able to see that by now.
dat guy got squished
vault 101
I'VE GOT A GODDAMMN PLAN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If a nuke were to hit houston, Im not close enough to be instanly vaporized but not far enough away to avoid radiation fallout - aint that a *yay*
i's vault 101!
and sealed in for 100 years
that door is wieghted to the point it can be moved by a single person without the hydrolics
kirzstryfe: there was something like that from a crappy movie i saw
WAR.
WAR NEVER CHANGES.
vault 21
Sooo... Is it locked?
13cheyenne mountain does work that way btw
Chrysalis: neat and hiya man!
or does it? ;3
Still liked it though, great time killer.
There's a facility rumored to be under Cheyanne Mountain (although it could be somewhere else), where the President, Vice President, and Congress is going to be sheltered in the event of something like a nuclear attack.
brb guys
hiya otakon
Nobody enters Vault 101.
Why is there a freaking live panther in my Vault? :[
Chrysalis?
fire orbital friendship ray
Nobody leaves Vault 101.
yes?
11,01No more changes to our TV lineup.
YOUR A GOD DAMN CHANGLING!!! :[
11,01Aww :<
Kandarihu, it's more than rumor
counter strike?
Kandarihu: the Russians have/had their own version of that too.
TheRareP0N3: you're*
COUNTER STRIKE!
be quiet grammar police. :c
Kandarihu that's how T3 should
TERRORISTS WIN
lol
:p
Looks like N
NASA base.
Bomb has been planted
bomb has been planted.
Phantoms.
IIRC, the location is supposed to be a secret. So it might not really be there.
omg Covenant Phantoms?
Kandarihu.........ended.
Amd for those thinking that they should just unplug it they can't. They'll explain later
somepony set us up the bomb
Nyst: The government would remove the movie instantly.
Someone sent up us the bomb.
PC Enhanced LSD Trip... MMMMAAAAAANNNN
Falken really reminds me of the doctor..
get da ghost busters
If I want to kill time I can watch a MST3K or Rifftrax I havent watched yet. Or even one I have sometimes....
rarity sent us over the top
that professor is so right
13i think the cabinet goes to norad during nuclear war, but i thought the president and VP go at least to air force one and to some other bunker
Chocobunny: I'm talking about a Cheyenne Mountain type secret bunker.
It's nuclear war! let's play tic-tac-toe
This scene is pretty
Nyst: Oh. Sorry.
i have a nuke shelter. :)
EMP wopr
my fridge!
WOW thats a big desicion
My nuke shelter is called Canada
/me btw i forgot to add the trope: ''CHANGED MY MIND kid''...........during the CHPOOA scene
13afaik they have one on AF1 too
general is a true bro
TheRareP0N3: i see what you did there :P
The president and vice-president get flown to different locations so that they can't be killed by the same attack.
Say, is davids actor also in Back to the Future?
/me CHOPPA*
13like how the pentagon podium looks the same as the white house podium except for the plaque behind them
Or a game, but I'm away from my gaming computer.
stop using /me to get attention
._>
mEGAMAN SOUNDS?
Crystal Ponies?
woops caps
Phone sex.
Airman hangs up
sir sir sir
holy shit
nukes
Dat stare
<TheRareP0N3>	stop using /me to get attention
THEY ARE NOT ACTUALLY THERE!
I agree
its a ghost
i'm not even using /me
What if they fired so many because they knew you wouldn't believe it and wouldn't fire back in time?
using /me is
/me this
fucking ROTMG derped.
hiya RX-78-SweetieBot finish up for the day?
don't hold the thump directly above it...
Of course noone thinks to look outside a window.
the missiles are SPY'S !
It's actually changelings disguised as Rainbow Dash.
otakon: I been here watching while playing
does anypony know of any good steam games?
I did
11,01Dem obsolete Titans.
RX-78-SweetieBot: ah
The drama! Its overwhelming!!
DO NOT LAUNCH!
Needs more missiles
that airman must be shitting a brick wall about now
boom
DO NOT LAUNCH!
4
3
2
the direct to video 2008 sequal foar B movie
1
dat Zecora mohawk
WOW dat Zecora Toy
Muffin0: braid
Muffin0: No, there are no good steam games ever.
May god be with us all
Inb4 We're all dead.
and BUFFER!
he's building a house
3
2
Nuclear War is dramatic? Nawww.... :P
1
dat zecora toy
FIRE THE MISSLE NOW
Defcon is a good game on Steam :p
/me hugs everypony
boom
Falken really enjoys this
In that situation you KNOW someone's finger would slip :P
IM EATING A CHEESEBURGER. YAY.
/me hugs Dark92Enigma back
/me hugs Dark92Enigma
13welp shizu's ded
yay'
/me hugs Dark92Enigma
13ayy
D:
Shizuka: :'(
This is ground control to Major Tom.
they ded
11,01Open the silos to nuclear attack.
Dat happy guy :D
/me hugs Dark92Enigma
good think europes got away
Ded.
nope
MURICA!
Nukes don't have that kind of blast radius.
ya we here
Lil_B: Yay for the old continent.
11,01Not dead yet.
Its a Soviet trick
Lil_B: Europe ALWAYS get away
MURICA, FUCK YEAH!!!
NOT QUITE DEAD?
yay thjey didnt have to do anything
Shizuka's a ghoul! :D
Mainly because Britain
Just don't come over here and I'll be fine. :P
And then a real nuclear attack started
The real strikes is in 8 minutes
:=D
they think they're not dead
OHNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
but they're dead
13yay our country virtually blew up!
now accidently hit the lauch button
Malavolent we shall live forever more... except the UDSSR Part...
Shizuka: YOU'RE ALIVE!
What if they are soviet SuperNukes? :(
dat lag
11,01Now I'm dead.
Now that everything is on the way home
Europe sits in the middle, doesn't get hit.
THEY TROLLED WITH US?
dem computers
Russians are probably Wth-ing right now
uh oh
creepy music
Shizuka: :D
oncoming WOPR
UH OH
I SAY IT'S TIME FOR A PARTY!!! oh wait...
Shizu: Now if only it'd actually blow up.
The cold war is between USA and USSR. The nukes hypothetically flew over Europe both ways.
WOPR.
oh shi-
lol trols
11,01Unlock the changes.
and thats how equestria was almost made :D
evil computers.
OH NOSE
Unlock ALL the changes!
13Nyst: europe is stupid hard to win against... so many overlapping air defense silos...
I can't let you do that Dave
WOPR planned this!
computers r teolls
:D
AI is a Crapshoot. :/
*trolls
13you have to catch them in launch mode and even then europe's probably going to win
The numbers, what do they mean?
Shizuka: in what game?
Malavolent because that got nuked by the US :/ and probably parts of germany too
13defcon
Brgr kng planned this attack
get the iron giant
Skynet
joshua be trollin'
Lil_B: USSR got nuked by US?
WE NEED SUMERPAN!
WE NEED JOHN CONNER
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: :D
We need Melvin to help us!
Unplug it
and this was how skynet won
Shizuka: alas, while the rest gets quick deaths, we'd get screwed by the fallout from both sides.
he forgot to renew his password
11,01Europe is small.
Where's Sumperpan when you need him?
11,01Compact.
get mandark
Malavolent when this nukes had been real... yeas... maybe XD
the backdoor!
lol
yes! get Mandark!
11,01Africa is hard to win as.
WOPR.
smash the machines?
13when europe gets the same number of silos as, say, russia
oh god
Europe is small and mighty
it's bigger on the inside
get JACK BAUER!
quick blow up the WOPR
Joshua you little brute-force badass
Lil_B: You got me scared for a while there :D
13yeah africa is flanked everywhere
Want to survive any disaster? Go to Madagascar.
no RNG?
call Batman!
CRAP!
11,01Also spread out.
Malavolent XD
kill that thing already
Why didn't someone try to take a fire axe to WOPR?
Just grab a baseball bat and break that thing
launch code
Kandarihu ^-^ eenope
and then in same room
Oh. :(
Russians sure liked this scene
Problem with a computer? Unplug it. Problem solved. *shades*
11,01What you do is don't launch everything.
13US tends to get hosed by mexico cause it's next door
Sucks.
11,01As Europe.
Lol
Sukcs
it sucks
over 9000 missles
Sucks
WOPR is actually created by Lord Voldemort, in an effort to catch Harry Potter.
ur system sucks lawl
:D
lol
sucks
it sucks
Skynet
It's pretty funny how noone realised they had an actual AI in their system.
sawwks
Lol
You want some? Come at me Bro!
dat face
It would be openly compatible with Bamtan, Amuaqan, whoever.
11,01The AI of Defcon always launches everything.
Nyst O'DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHH!
13yup
Nittany_Discord: Fire ALL the missiles?
/me is bored
4
13and all at once even when it's separate bots
DUN DUN DUUUN
lol
Nopr.
Him yealling "Come at me Bro" would have totally made that scene.
That British what the fuck
oh jolly he will launch them :)
we're on the edge of nuclear crisis. Let's play TIC TAC TOE
Thats a lie
XD
Idea!
she encouraged him
13GAMES
CHESS.
THE GAME!
Yeah damnit kid why'd you have to play games?
13TOONS
send delta squad omg
War...Games...
13DOWNLOADS!
INB4 password is Pencil
11,01If you're good at sea battles, you can beat the AI by using bombers during their launches.
Shizuka: WoW?
Lol
Australia is like WTF mate
Deep Logic?
zap zap zap?
GAME ON
WIN THE GAME
piss on a spark plug?
learn punk
LOL
F*** kangaroos
TEXT ADVENTURE
lol
Falkens maze.
Time for ZORK!
fail
Deeeeeep Hurrrrrrting.... I mean... Logic...
this. is. ON
Inb4 goddamnit
MOTORHEAD: TIME TO PLAY THE GAME
concentrate your urine on ALL the plugs!
Minesweeper
p 1
no poking
lol
FISH
type "restart"
quake arena?
lol
tic tac toe is best game
11,01Different beep.
rage quit
P is not a number...
NOEU
that british professor
TRAI AGEN
10 Print 20 goto 10
Do it! :[
13hmm... "minecraft"
One last resort after this would be to shoot down the ICBMs right out of the silos. Assure the Soviets that there are a LOT more in reserve.
A LOT OF FISH?
Flaken's Maze
13wopr immediately crashes because java
Team Fortess 2!
type rage quit
Obsidian I counted P reasons againt that statement
The day is saved thanks to java.
*against
2 players
Shizuka: lol :D
3 players
IDIOTS!
its the Military, CoD must be on there
13yes because "cease random function" is ever a command
Dem MLG skills
80s style
Press the "Any" Key!
and buffer
X
:D
Just type in QQQ, you noob script kiddie.
learn punk
Load HL3
Hax
13zehro
Mmyes
lol
13rave scene time
incoming random
most exiting game of all time :P
zero. Not 0. Seems legit.
inb4 seizure
/me raves
plater 0
Dat Zero
/me raves with Chrysalis
*player
computer rage
Crash the system, ask the computer divide by zero
and then it wastes all of it's processor power on that
HEY everyone
Ragequit
13it's always going X in the center...
Needs Captain Kirk
LEARN
learn punk
Hello Xaiden
BRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIIIIIIN RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAPE
To logic it
/me raves with Chrysalis and RaveBrony
BEEPBEEEPBEEEPBEEPBEEP
:D
150,000 games later
11,01I saw some Os Shizuka.
achievement unlocked
Shizuka: Best way to control a tic tac toe board.
Lets do science
WTF BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
and that's how R2D2 was born
learn or mandark wins
O_O
Too good for your own good.
Fucking WOPR.
13you take a corner and trap it on the edges
SHIT it's VOER!
13it tries to cut you off on any one of them you have two more to pick from
/me covers his head
CLOSE THE LUANCH BAY DOORs
Nuclear Launch... detec...ted?...
Y not simply type in 1 / 0 = ?
It doesn't take THAT much processing power to play tic tac toe
whoper is shit
Shizuka assuming no one makes a mistake it is impossible to win tic-tac-toe
lol
Pretty
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF-
I just noticed it has a face
11,01Spin up the jet rocket engines.
13well yeah
Good enough to crash a warship back in -95
what is this film
;O
and that's it
:O
its star wars
FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL ......DO THE FAIL DANCE
All those nukes.
13it's just you're more likely to win if you take a corner
Wargames
This is what ALLWAYS happens when computers finish running a calculation. Things Explode. Everypony knows that right?
11,01That's not how rocket engines work.
oh the humanity :'(
SCIENCE! we just did SCIENCE!
ok looks good
I like how they're nuking the Atlantic.
13i think wikipedia used to have a full list of the scenarios in this movie
13they get interesting
so when it realizes no one wins?
I played enough Kerbal to see where this is going.
FUCKING SCIENCE!!!!
NONE
Nyst: Ikr
Chocobunny: that is beacuse the sea is evil :|
So many lines.
soviet spy in pentagon
11,01*pew*
and since it WANTS to win
otakon: when it's tried every possible scenario.
seizure inducing effects
Fuck the atlantic Chocobunny
Shizuka Tic tac Toe is all about confusing the oponent into making a mistake... not piking the scenter is a good cnfusion
it won't play
This doesn't seem like a very fun game. :S
sergio_scriptor: The sea-ponies will take revenge.
They Nuked Atlantis!
stop blowing up australia!
There must be some way to win.
mandark is winning NOOOOOO
Nuke yourself
hope nobody's epileptic
Then everyone else wins.
Lol India and Pakistan
gotta love the missiles from Antartica :D
<:
I think Professor Falken knew what to do all along, but wanted david to solves the stuff for the lulz
Pale_Horse: there's even a opcode for that, 0xDD..
No winners
an interesting game
FOAM.
epilepsy
Shizuka: I see why you said Rave scene now
nuke china
every scenario, Madagascar shuts everything down
the only way to win
Installing Windows Vista.
is not to play
Seizure.
:D
Danmark XD
SO MUCH BLOOM EFFECT!
how about you nuke the moon?
There are no winners with Mutually Assured Destruction
Computer learned a new skill: Fail
dari you are not allowed near red buttons every again
Unce unce unce unce
Canada = mostly Unscathed
How about a nice game of chess?
Dat English Thrust.
is to not play
IT'S LIKE HALO ALL OVER AGAIN!
13thing is icbms have a finite travel time which gives the enemy way more then enough time to know they're coming
every scenario, Madagascar shuts everything down
so much strobe
/me raves
/me 11,01nukes Princess Dari
Pelvic thrust.
And after this they kill the AI.
Lichtenstein Wins
O_o
13that's why no one wins, each side will know the other launched
Atlantic wins.
Wait.
hello wopr
13now... if they didn't even know about the launch
Good thing I wasn't on earth back then
13then you win
This is a triumph
BIG LIPPED ALLIGATOR MOMENT
you've been trolled
I'm making a note here
How about a nice game of chess?
Antartica wins!
finally
I still think it should have got them to nuke themselves.
Tada
:)
The Game
HUGE SUCCESS
They Nuked Chess
lol
its wooden toaster again
LIKE DEALING WITH TROLLS!
I'm getting a morality lesson here.
Then everyone else would win
:P
11,01If you can hit them before they launch, you win.
You Have Won The Game
Cypresswolf: i lost :'(
hunger games
HE HAS LEARNED TO DEAL WITH TROLLS!
they won THE GAME
13that too
I prefer checkers
Deathbot demands chess. Just play the chess/.
it's a MIRACLE!
Link: I won *bing(
/me plays Still Alive
otakon: :D
11,01It takes time to fire the missiles.
nah i prefer monoplay
Yay! We live!
Agrold, if Falken wanted David to solve it instead, it would be to make sure he can think on his toes
EA trolling
They still launched that one missile
sergio_scriptor: the only winning move is not to play
if you don't play chess I will nuke you
an anti-war message film this whole time
11,01A few minutes to transmit and verify codes.
and then everyone shit their pants
Nittany_Discord: Because they are le tired?
lol
comuters talked?!?!?
/me LET'S CELEBRATE WITH...A PILE OF FISH ON ME!
11,01Yes.
tussle my hair!
SuperBrony64: :D
SuperBrony64, indeed
dat tussling of hair
SuperBrony64: lol
Sundaysmile: lol
My jimmies.
lol
yay :)
They've been rustled.
defcom 5
11,01Shizuka: It's how I do it.
Oh you SuperBrony64 :D
and they leave wopr hanging
and then everything went back to normal
11,01You take out their silos.
4343434215
BAD HAM.
the only winning move is to not play, damn right it is
the end
OR DID IT!?
11,01Then you win.
whats on after this?
anyone for chess?
whopper is dumb/10
Anyone for tennis?
I love this movie Nuke/10
And now what?
i love happy endings
Id like to know what happens to Joshua afterwards :(
CHESS ANYPONY?
WOPR/10
/me in Russia. "Dafuq was all that about."
And that's how Sumerpan saved the day
9/10
Anyone for tennis/10
Interesting how Go wasn't on the list of games. Chess is a bad game for strategists to view a real battlefield as. Good commanders view the battlefield like a Go board.
INB$ Joshua's Program is completely erased and his hard drive incinerated.
PONY TIME!
9/10
o/ Dark92Enigma
I love this movie 10/10
chess/10
PONEEE
Global Thermonuclear War Anypony?
11,02The way to win the game is to select the USSR and build Tesla Coils everywhere along with a large number of Power Plants.
9001/10
Its Owls that end well today
there is a Wargames 2 I think?
7/10 for plotholes and dumbness, but otherwise entertaining.
awesome movie :D
11,01I've won very few online games, though.
8/10
WOPR PONY /10
so who here HASNT seen the sequel?
Me.
Superbrony64 and then tank rush :D
don't think there is pony_8986
PONY why did you rate 0 / out of me?
Chrysalis: This has a sequel?
7/10... was meh ovverall
me
Yay, red alert!
Chrysalis: i have not seen it :\
Thanks but I'm really into Theatrewide Biological and Toxic Warfare right now. :D
SuperBrony64 ikr, C&C makes excellant world war defense strategies
Entertaining; this Movie Morning...
8.4/10
IT HAD A SEQUEL LETS WATCH IT
11,01I was south Asia as one. Beat someone else as Africa.
Chrysalis, You mean the modern movie they came out with?
pony time
Chrysalis there was a sequel?
yeah, WarGames2: The Dead Code
Dark92Enigma: that's called a hand up
oh hi guys...what movie did i miss?
:O
GAME OVER/10
Think I'll go learn the basics of Frozen Synapse.
[
Happy ending unlocked!
never knew of this fact
HatchetRyda: war games :P
Galaga/10
2008 direct to video sequel foar B movie
I would like to know what would have happend if he had chosen "Guerillia War" at the beginning
HatchetRyda: wargames
HatchetRyda: Wargames
A new movie coming up, or are we calling it for the night?
PONY i don't get it
Chrysalis, I think I've seen it.
11,01Wartoilet.
lol cool
pony episode 1
A strange game. The only way to win is to detonate several warheads hundreds of miles above the USSR and blow everything up with complete impunity /10
which one is it?
War Pony
and thus, skynet was delayed by another 50 years!
Dark92Enigma o <--- Head / <----Hand = o/
It was a really nice movie.
Is a wartoilet used for Warpooping?
Lil_B: all the gorillas got loose from the zoos and got given knives.
dog & pony show
Chocobunny: b movie is after the next pony episode :)
Dark92Enigma, you asked would anypony like to play some chess
whats comes on next?
Pony?
11,02Guess we don't get the full credits
im'm pretty sure the sequel to this is fallout is it not?
alright i gotta serve up some food now so bye everyone
Pale_Horse and Warpissing and Warflushing
it froze
Dog & Pony show is coming up next
Another Mel Brooks movie!
DID SOMEONE SAY PONY TIME?
SuperBrony64: it froze?
Nyst: not quite yet
Ponies?
It froze dammit
bye all :(
dog and pony?
yup
Chocobunny: IT'S PONY TIME!
PONITIME
PONY Oh, so you hair-nuzzled me!
ponies:D
the onlbye com
B Movie is after lottery. Lottery is after first pony episode. First Pony episode is NOW
yeeaup
yay!
pony time
otakon: well the next movie anyway.
HA HA, TIME FOR PONIES!
YEEEAH
Pony ep, and then I left.
POMIES
PONY GOOD!
and then INTERMISSION AND LOTTERY!
BUFF
I didn't come here to see pones.
yay
PONIEZ!
initiate pony techno rave
BUFFER FFF
Buffer
11,02SAPPHIRE SHORES!!
and offline
lady gaga pony version
buffer
:(
Buffer dammit
SuperBrony64: you went offline man
dat ass
Is it pausing for anyone else?
Yay Rarity episode. <3
pony time?
Dats some fine Rarity plot
Kandarihu: no
Kandarihu: for everyone
WCOD
This is so mean.
Kandarihu, me a bit.
Everypony knows her name
it's WOPR!
11,02Offline?
Buffer
sergio_scriptor EENOPE. Lady Gaga=Photo Finish
Inb4 goddamnit
sapphire shores has awesome accent
Meanwhile: DIOS MIO!
She knows her name *shaky voice*
I'm off for now, I may come back later :)
Rarity has one nice flank
dat buffer
sweet, on in time for ponies
bye Lil_B
SEEEENSATIONAL!!!
Spitfire's swedish voice is just.. wow.
I would call Sapphire quite the Lady Gaga of the pony world... If only because Gaga is apparantly a brony too and she might someday appear on the show herself.
refresh
wow, main chat is going really fast for euro movies
Darn you buffer
BUFFER.
SuperBrony64: we got buffers all over the place.
*wouldn't
Dark92Enigma: to be honest i think both of them look a lot like her :P
Alright. I refreshed my stream. Fixed it
Dark92Enigma: pawn to e4
thanks otakon :)
refresh worked
Dark92Enigma, what?
hello all!
odl Kandarihu
eeyup
Want.
Pause
It's faaaabulous
hi BronyInstrumental :)
Photo Finsh=Lady Gaga?
DAMMIT WOPR
enope no fix
and now it's paused?
...for a minute. Frozen again
WOPR.
SuperBrony64: dude you there?
Dammit
Revenge of WOPR
buffering
More people must have woken up or something. That or ponies makin' everyone excited.
No. Photo Finish Is Anna Wintour
CrimsonPhoenix That pony from ''Green isn't your color
Can we watch a different episode?
11,02Working now?
DAMN YOU WOPR
THERE IT GOES!
TIme skip
yes
i blame tech
working for me
Inb4 Elvis suit
Brony4Eva: nope :)
so apparently the computer saw no point in wars, seeing as there is no victor
seems to be SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64: danke man
OH MY GOOOD
CrimsonPhoenix that blonde pony
Dog and Pony show?
working yay
YES YOU HAVE
11,02Brony4Eva: Check the newsletter for the schedule if you want to know what's going to be played :)
AAAAAAAHHH
Dog and Pony Show
Dat fainting
Dark92Enigma, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anna_Wintour
dat sensational OW
:O Season one intro?!
KNOW YOUR STUFF
pony time
FFFRRRRRAAAAANNNNNCCCEEEE!!!
FFFFFRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEENNNNNNNDDDDDSSSSSS
PUERTORICOOOOOOOOOO
FREEEIIIINDS
Again. Yay Rarity episode. <3
ITALYYYYYYY
NUKEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
ammmmigggoooos
CrimsonPhoenix Ok, i was wrong........but she looks like both
I thought you wanted whining!
spike :)
"strange game, the only way to win is to go to that rock you found instead of going into the goddamn mine you dumb B*TCH!
Friendzoned hard.
Well that's a new varation of the FRIENDS spam
11,01My Little Toilet. I used to wonder what hygiene could be. My little toilet. Until you shared your flushing with me.
Dark92Enigma, does lady gaga knows fashion? Does she photograph people?
spike and rarity episode ...love it :)
Rarity.........never jealous? NAH!
Dark92Enigma, it's your move
Spike is best dog
Nittany_Discord: beautiful. :D
CrimsonPhoenix NO......
*looks at Nuittany with a Stewie Griffin-style head tilt*
since when was spike a dog
11,01Thanks MaidSurge.
DIG dat hole like a boss
Nittany_Discord, I prefer the spin off, my little bathtub. Much less... toilet humor.
now now spike
Yay :[
spike is da bawws
i know this tune from somewhere....
Spike is a slave.
Dig.
guys brb
yup
why do get the feeling spike is a slave for the mane 6
2 slow with shovel
spike is a transformer
I'm just watching this for THE PART
I hear major thunder outside
spike is best slave
O_o
Jackhammer tail is best tail
Dragons apparantly have multi-purpose tails.
You're getting that just now pony_1167 ?
transformer
PONY pawn one sqare ahead (sorry i get mixed up with the coordinates
the score sounded like something from paper mario
Dat point of view
PAPER MARIO?!
why don't other dragons use they're tails like that
In equestria, gems cut themselves.
I LOVE THAT GAME!
dat owl
wheew.
MY PRECIOUSSSSSSS
11,02Foal in One.
Pigeon Head
smeagle
Dark92Enigma, which pawn?
Cooooo!
dat voice :D
Gem Hunter
I seriously think there is an undercurrent theme that Spike gets off on being dominated.
That was my joke last night SuperBrony64 :P
spike you retard... if the person i loves gave me a sandvich i would eat it but NOOOO...
spyro da dragon
just made it ouo
11,02Vordox: Well...I wasn't here last night O~O
JappleAck: my precious...
PONY middle pawn to the right
SuperBrony64: :P
I asked this before the movie night, but now there's more people, if Season 3 does indeed come out next month, do you think it's maybe because Care Bears could be doing bad and the Hub wants to get the new pony episodes out faster to get the ratings up?
Da poniiiiiii
The poooonyyyyyy
Da Pony
/me 11,01hugs Vordox
Nittany_Discord: O.o
My precioussssss
Dat random Nittany_Discord
its in trees
Tree Jewel
the diamond dogs are pure runkillers in Adventure Ponies... so annoying!
Dark92Enigma: sooo... E7 to E6?
Gentlefellows
mya precious
JESmith: it's a possibility,in fact some folks at hasbro thought the care bears would be the new mlp fashion:)
PONY eeeeyup
JESmith fall seems to be the perfect time to release tghe season
diamond dogs reference is best reference
Dem empressoins. :3
I dunno. I don't check on the progress of Care Bears much... Though i know the whole "Belly Bros" thing failed quick for them.
spike in defence
mode
Fight scene!................
DAYZ IS FINALLY WORKING!!
RUN FORREST RUN
spike a boss
Nope!
nope
dog is not impressed
Pale_Horse that was the promoter's fault on his end, officials had no intention for that
lol
Ah!! Dirt!!!
:D
DAT MUSIC
lol
:D
Dirt! D:
AH! DURT!
11,01Grab.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
/me NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOO!!!!!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOO
MNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!.AVI
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
SO much NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
no
Ah I see
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
dat noo spam
and thus a meme was born
11,01Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
C-C-C-C-COMBO BREAKEr
maybe
Dat spam
lol no
all theese nos
YEEEEEES!
No spam. :3
Yes. I mean no.
MOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii Nittany_Discord
/allkick for mass spam?
11,01Lol.
hhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyy
Dat babble
Over that boy hand!
those faces :D
11,01Saber
dat FLASHBACK
Zip Zop Zoooby Bop
actually you know what's funny
HEEEEYAEYAYEYAYEAY
we got TWO Spike centric eps for BMN
;)
lol
HOley moley that's a lot of holey
Dark92Enigma, Very well... F1 to D3
Ic what they did there
silly spike guys mean that they are humans,there are no humans in equestria :)
What was noise?
holy MOLEY
I knew it David Bowie is the Season 3 Villain. Just like on Venture Brothers!
Twilight does say "girls"
That's some mighty fine farting
I think DoublePint wants to be incharge of Chat today switching over
otakon: oh yeah, owls well that ends well right?
Pale_Horse: SPOILERS!
Flyboy: eeyup
I wonder if it's possible to use the v3 GMod Ponies in Source Film Maker to recreate the MLP FiM opening in Source.
Aww. Rarity missed out on the free mudpacks.
Pale_Horse: the hell man
PONY e4 to f5
:$
RD...not even trying :D
lol fighting it with her face
Sorry. :P
dirt beats muzzle
So many Jokes to be made.....
SPLAT
PONY e4 to f4
*
fail
and then that dungeon
Why did people yell NOOO
Drama!!!
:) I love this bit
Dat drama music
100 years dungeon
DIRT DIRT
GET AWAY DIRT
MAKE IT STOP!
DIRT
Get away dirt! :[
Loose mane is quite fetching.
same dungeon fluttershy was locked in
dirt go away
Dark92Enigma: Um... That's my pawn... and it can't move sideways.
jim, you will see
Jim: spike,that's why
SOOOO MUCCCHH SIIIIRTTTT
burrrrrrns
so much dirt
DUMB DIRT!
SAVE HER! D:
GOD DAMN DIRT.
so much drama
DIRT IS WOPR.
Ryunosuke, I'm not watching stream
it burns xD
SPIKE BE SMART
That loose dirty mane...
Yeah!! Save her! :[
Hehe...
Blcoking holes uh ;)
her mane is wet from dry dirt
Diggy diggy hole
Dramatic Rarity. <3 :3
YOU HUUURT PINKIIIE?!
Ninjazz: Yeah! :$
PONY damn.....i wish we could play chessboard online
Bonk
Fluttershy!
NOONE DOES THAT TO FLUTTERSHY :[
Dken2021: no, it just lost it's volume from styling to smacking into a wall
The girls have just been hole-blocked.
RaveBrony! Woo~ :D
/me 11,01hugs Rain
Dark92Enigma, can't you play chess without a board?
NOPONY
Whack a mole. They HAD to do that.
Ninjazz: easy there lover boy
damn dogs
WHACK-A-DIAMOND-DOG
11,01Rainbow them!
/me hugs Nittany_Discord
Where is hotblooded Pinkie Pie when you need her
PONY not quite
Spectrum_Rush|Zzz, can't help it... >_>
sonic rainboom time
11,01Yay! <3
and then more imagining
Dark92Enigma, oh.
:D
Lol!!! :D
inb4 whiiiiiiiiining
GIVE ME THE FUCKING BUBBLES!
How the hell did that hole not filled?:|
and then ONE MORE IMAGINING
:D
Skin pocket...lol
SPIKE the one with the Brain
Metronome: possible to miss one
I like how they didn't see that in the first place
SHSSH
so spike has pockets in his scales?
no time for talking. busy heroing
DON'T ASK
At least he didnt pull it out of no where :D
oh Lady Rarity
Where'd he get the fishing rod from?
here we go
She'll have more
that daydream
dat jawline
where the hell did he get that fishing pole
it's spike nukem
It's an investment
:)
dat Spike
Dat daydream
What every RPer thinks.
Where does the hook go in the gem
LLAWl that Voice actor Caty <3
ikr
Cathy*
Spike looks a lot like Kinnikuman <--------------
>called mutts
ROLEPLAYERS IN A NUTSHELL
>unleashes hounds
Dark92Enigma, you could have told me, never mind then.
Randomguy: no hook, he tied the line around the gem.
curs? that word was used in the 1600's.....
NOT HOW TO USE A LANCE!
and then White Knight Spike
/me will be right back
Love this imagine spot
^
dat slomo
so he's a dragon... er... a dragon man... or maybe just a dragon
spike is his own OC apparently
FIRE!!!
Spike, the lance is not a sword.
and TUUR ZOL SUUR!
isn't his fire green?
fire breath
You know who would use a lance this way? CHUCK NORRIS!
Dken2021, SPIKEDOOOOOOR!
SPIKE HAS HANDS?!
HANDS = LYRA
MIND BLOWN
and a dress
PONY no problem
Dken2021: Dragon Knight?
Vordox: claws
You'd think dogs would be proud of being mutts... Since purebreeds are typically inbred and have more genetic problems.
Big body small legs
where did she get the dress?
meow
Pale_Horse: eeyup
Dragon Born
now kiss
whoa there loverboy
and then there were clothes
Sorry Spike....your princess is in another cave >.>
Eulshy: no woof
Dat sound effect
Whooaaaha there TLoever boy
LOL.
and thus spike and applejack shiping was born...
D'aww that AJ
CUE NAKED GUN MUSIC
haha, its cherk all over again
Applejack knows the deal!
LUVAHBOI
and only Pinkie goes wheeee!!!!!!!!!!!
yes kiss applejack
/me noms on Vordox
I love how she LEANED into him for a moment.
Dat silly pinkie :D <3
DAMNIT kirzstryfe
mario all over again
sherk
WHEEEEEEEEEEEEE
WEEE
This is weird : http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/07/nightly-roundup-376.html
Warch pinkoe on a log ride
pinkie not giving a fuck
dat pinkie :)
isn't spike a baby and rarity an adult? O_o
05note that anything even joking, about season 3
ITS SHERK ALL OVER AAGIN
/me picks off kirzstryfe and puts him on Lulu's tail.
Well, he's a boy growing up in a prodominantly female society. Either he has a huge ego, or he's going to come across more like how he is in Friendship is Witchcraft.
the pony centipede
05can casue a ban due to spoilers
Pinkie ftw
NOOOOOOo
Sundaysmile: what is new?
animation error:|
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
05so dont joke spoiler
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
NOOOOOO!!!!
/me And then another: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
nooooooooooooo!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Kandarihu: You there?
no.
pony_1167: it depends on your point of view,spike could be a teen and twilight an adult
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO...again
Yeah
so much no
khaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan
11,01puuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Where can I learn about S3?
This is weird : http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/07/nightly-roundup-376.html
Wrek: There aren't any major spoilers, are they?
Kandarihu: Wanna play Terraria?
11,01Feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Oh i see
Nedd to leave for work. Bye everypony!
Movie Night isn't over. I'm bringing the server up after the 2nd Pony episode.
SPIKE = SMART
If they're digging up the gems, shouldn't they look for the one tunnel with NO gems in it?
Malavolent still, spoilers are spoilers
its spyro
twlight keeps forgetting what magic she can do
8,6Twilight uses Mirror Magic
Well shouldn't it be the tunel with the least gems?
it's bipedular spyro
SPIKE=BOSS in this episode
FOOOOREEEVEER
lol
why do they want the gems anyway?
FFFFFFFFOOOORRREEEEVVVVVVEEEEEEEERRRRRRR
Precious pony!
okay that was odd
DoublePint: my thoughts exactly.
Oh man. That is harsh. I knew it said not to mention anything about the season 3 stuff. But I didn't know purely made up jokes counted too. :( Sorry.
RARITY=BIGGER BOSS
random dc
05Malavolent: size doesnt matter
/me Demands JEWELZ!
I love Rarity's bg music!! <3
in this ep
y gems
must be from the weather
05when it comes to spoilers
Nice save Wrek.
LochNessCheez: greed?
05here we cater to those that want to go in without knowing anythign at all about the new season
DIG
Dig? O_O
Wrek: That's what she.... okay, I'm going to the corner.
Dog.
no spoilers
digging time
best technic
meh
dig dug
Love this part
that digging
Diggy diggy hole
Spoiler: Wrek has red text.
Dig Dog Dug
8,6Rarity is best mole
CAN YOU DIG IT SUCKA!?
Dat digging...
diggy diggy dwarf
they are not impressed
digg like a boss
epic digging ALMOST as effective as a nuke. ALMOST
Rarity used Dig, the move was ineffictive
kirzstryfe: Molemallow?
Dat sas <3
Spoiler: Rarity doesnt dig
Dat Ponypedi
8,6lol
wait you can chip a hoof?
Too high class
dirt pit :)
i don't dislike your diggin
otakon: Ofc you can.
also, unshorn fetlocks
it's coming :3
Praytell :D
pull wagon
Ew.
yikes
But, Wrek, that wasn't even related to MLP, nor season 3! ;_;
05* Chocobunny was kicked by Wrek (that counts aswell, see this as a warnign)
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEW
QUUIIIEEEEET
ouch...
halitosis
The same hounds from Spike's imagine spot
Chocobunny: jokes
SMeeeeel
Chocobunny: jokes about S3 count
Chocobunny: the mods get antsy about spoilers
Otakon: I didn't even joke about S3.
dat faces on the diamond dogs
why did S3 cross the road?
What's with those ads today?
LAWL
i didn't remember that episode beeing so funny :)
L
Chocobunny: still, just a kick so don't wory about it eh?
owned
HERE WE GO
LAWL nr 2
Inb4 whining!!
Best scene
it's a midget!
she is not PONY
Whinning?
G
she is MISS RARITY!
YAY ponies
I am not whining
As in whining goes...............................RARITY>>>>>JOHN CENA
tactical whining incoming
Whiiiniiig..
I am complaining
11,02THIIIISS IS WHIIINNING
This is whining
OH THIS IS ON
OHHHHH
I love it when, she whines
Ready...
lol just my favourite part xD
:)
that whining
OHHHHH
whinning
this is whiiiiining
o__o
Lol :D
WHINING! <3
it's to thiiiiiight
Way to go, Tabitha.
Best. Voice. Acting.
tactical whiiiiining
O________________________O
:D
epic trolling
:D
Can i have new ears please?
I love her little hoof taps.
so cute :)
LochNessCheez, hell yes.
I love the tall Diamond Dog. :D
wanted whining
You should hear the Japanese version. She's even WORSE in Nihongo.
whining is so bucking cute
/me pours a bucket of cold water on Ninjazz
dat snort
mss Rarity...
Tabitha is the perfect VA for Rarity.
Little Miss Rarity.
that is to much cute :)
ANYTHING
11,01MadSurge: Meanwhile gifted me a copy of Frozen Synapse already.
Tabitha is best VA period
and thus....trolling met equestria
If only the Diamond Dogs were more used to dealing with small children. They could have just tuned out the whining...
haha,
and so did slavery.....
lol
slaves :p
she is now they're queen she will lay the eggs soon
AND WHY DOES MARK HENRY'S NIPPLES LOOK LIKE DOG CRAP <----------
the noises
To stop noises
/me shivers and shakes off the water of him "... thank you... Spectrum_Rush|Zzz" o_o;
lol
05Chocobunny: iron hand is the only thing that keeps peopel from spoiling, gotta enforce it mate :|
xd
this is a very slavery-centric episode
lol
remember
Mice/
DAT TALL DOG. <3
and now part 2
The dogs are getting tired from pulling the carts. Rarity didn't. Does that mean that Rarity is physically stronger then them?
mule?
Oh! Didn't think this would work.
OH
inb4 Crying Part
uh oh
MY
GOD
:O
xDDDDDD
Wrek: dude, seriously I think a announcement during the intermission is in order for this to cut it off before it starts.
No... D:
:o
Wrek: Yeah, I get it, no hard feelings.
That slap.
:0
dat slap
WHY DID YOU DO THAT?!
mule time
:'(
HOW DARE YOU!
11,01Smack that plot.
:O
Bad idea
tap dat ass
;__;
HOW DARE YOU???????
AND ......THERE WAS........OFFENCE TAKEN
Nittany_Discord, lol :3
mule? :o
poor yankee doodle
Nyst, she must have horsepower
I CAN'T HUG HER!
KILL THE DOG
:O NO rarity youre not ugly!!!
this is WHININGGGGG!
DAt BGM
WHY CAN'T I HUG HER!?
an old ugly mule
You Sir. Are no gentleman. :|
Cranky Doodle wouldn't like to hear Rarity now.
*rimshot*
11,02otakon: IKR ;A;
:'(
Oh God all women are like that
/me tries to hug Rarity
4th wall
4th wall joke
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL! ;A:
hugs
marshmellow arms
Someone needs a hug
Mules collect minerals faster ^^
4th wall
/me breaks his computer screen trying to hug Rarity
and that's why this is my favorite episode
JESmith: She must be a 1PK pony.
3 days later she was made their queen.
Rarity is golden in this ep.
and then there heads exploded
well i guess rarity can break the 4th wall as well
Malavolent: yeah
CrimsonPhoenix: Tabitha's favourite Episode. :D
Copycat Magic
Best Rarity episode
I love this episode becuase of the plot
love this episode <3
suddenly ropes
Tabitha has a lot of favorite
o_o
uh oh
05people know otty, what they dont realize is that even joking about it is not allowed.
D'aaaaaaaw Rarity don't cry
dem dogs
I like how twilight's stays on
Buck dem dogs.
Short but awesome.
Buck em up buck em down! :O
UI UI UI
I can imagine how much fun Tabitha must've had with the whining scene.
Buck em up and down and all around.
HIGH-HO TWILIGHT!!!!
apparently AJ doesnt like to be ridden
Dat Spike :D
hmm twilight still has that rop around her mouth... kinky
so did the dog that sat on Twi sit on spike?
HI HOY TWILIGHT AWAY
Hi Ho Twilight
LOL
lol
I wonder why so little fanart has them in riding gear.
She's really very tolerant...
:D
HI HO Xd
Dat Iron Door went Crack XD
Oh, Twilight.
Lrtd judt dsy spike was in an awkward position
THAT WAS............QUICK?
Vordox: It's paint.
Nyst it probably seems kinky
05Nyst: jsut wait and see
Wrek: well let it be known, everyone is really excited for S3 is all.
D'awww
05got that planned ofr next image
D'aaaaaaw
So NOW she's fine with the harness?
SAVE US FROM THE MOTOR MOUTH
:O
and then Spike nommed well
Wrek: Someone or something riding a pony?
PLZZZ
Wrek: Awesome! :$
what image?
ponies truly are the glorious master race
When they're HER gems, heck yeah.
We're here to... Um... rescue you... I guess... :$:$
aw, i missed Whining
i feel sorry for the dogs :'(
Wrek, is guesing about the air date like I did earlier not allowed either?(Because I'm still trying to figure out if they said Fall or Month in the video, and if it is next month I was guessing maybe the Hub wants the ratings up by getting the new episodes out faster)
05riding gear on pony
"Miss Rarity is a slave driver."
Nom Noms
sergio_scriptor: you shouldn't, they deserved it :|
Wrek: It won't be another r34, will it?
Wrek: where could one go to find this art?
$_$
Its over :(
HA
/me inb4 +m
Eyegore time!
:'(
SECRET BUT FIN
good episode
THIS IS WHINING/10
the end 4
First lottp
MadSurge: i guess :\
lotto
It's, over....
Well DerpStar and I have to be off so long everypony
now
rarity is a slave owning scammer :o
NOOOOOO WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE OVER.
Young Frankenstein- oh wait LOTTERY TIME!
Its Over.....NOooooooooo!!!!!!
11,01Dear Princess Celestia, I learned that nopony can pony two ponies.
Diamond Dogs/10
later, DoublePint
MUST SCREAM ONE LAST TIME BEFORE MUTE!
I love the Whining scene!
11,02INTERMISSION TIEM!
+m with lotto and no spoiler annoucement coming up
D:
who agrees?
lol
Lottery?
dat derpy
No Meesus Rareetee, don't make me mine! It will rueen my leetle fingers!
Inb4 LOTTERY
MUSIC
Quiet time.
lobby time
Time to grab some lunch
WOO
Ninjazz:
11,02Lottery time~
here comes censor time
Lottery?
aw yeah...lotto
6_9
inb4 +m
SuperBrony64: CHANCE TIME!
LOBBY TIME!!!
wooo
noo
inb4 +4
inb4 Gondor time
inb4 +,
How long is intermission?
11,02ACS13123: Dat :3/
Last!
can we have some seaponies after the lottery?:3
err* +m
05hope i wi
*+m
05n
I CALL BEFORE + m!!!!
m++
+m
SILENCE TIME
11,02Alright, let's do this.
11,01+M!!!!
11,02Welcome everypony to another BronyState Movie Night lottery :)
11,01Adventure!
11,02Due to some technical issues, we'll be using last week's survey entries...
11,02Last week, we received a total of 153 entries!
11,02Let's pick the A movie!
11,02The winner is...
11,01Lets!
I hope my "mutant vampire zombies from the 'hood!" gets choosen now.. :)
11,0281!
11,02kirzstryfe!
11,01Inb4 mod hack called.
I call shenanigans
Rigged.
11,02Despicable Me is our A Movie!
haaaaaaaaaaaaaaax
11,01OK.
My jimmies are rustled
11,01Lol.
My rustles are jimmied
I CALL HAX!
05THE HAAAAAX
11,027.5/10 so looks good :)
11,02Next up is the B Movie...
besides, didn't kirz win in the last 3 weeks?
05^ appropriate due to the influx of half life 2 recently
I call zombie bullshit
11,02The winner is...
Always mod picks. =_(\
i want a muffin and someone GET This pony out of ma popcorn
/me rustles otakon's jimmies so he doesn't feel left out
11,0245!
atleast they pick good movies
11,01What if a mod won this?
well at least it's a decent movie
11,02xboxedd!
Wait, who?
oh God
11,02His/her selection is...
Kirz.
it's gonna be a troll
11,02iRobot
Who the hell is xboxedd
wait
no
11,01That's a B movie?
05what a B moviwe
iRobot?
?...
11,01The Will Smith one?
Pfft, fail.
reroll
8,6you will watch my movie and you will enjoy the FWUFFIENESS!
is that like I Robot?
05probably
I'm pretty sure that's an A
Inb4 goddamnit
05if so i call reroll
isn't irobot an A movie?
Irobot had Will Smith, right?
it is
GODDAMMIT!
yeah but it was I ROBOT
kirzstryfe: Loving that pick
8,6I, Robot is an A
not iRobot
Yeah IRobot was with Will Smith.
Can't be A. :S
11,02It had a high budget, so I guess it's alright :)
reroll it is
reroll or I shall rustle your jimmies
11,02And a lower rating than the A Movie.
I mean't can't be B. =_(\
My bad.
damn
so reroll?
Looks like.
reroll?
HAX!
It's gotta be a reroll.
HAX I SAY!
11,02Alright, moving on to the Pony episodes...
11,02First one up is...
I CALL SHENANIGANS!
Wait what?
We're keeping it?
Wait... SB considered it. o_o
SuperBrony64!
WHUT
11,0292!
/me rustles SuperBrony64's jimmies
:D two A movies!
wait...I Robot is lower than Despicable Me?
11,02Mirathrim
why so silent?
really?
11,02His/her selection was...
How is a high budget the sign of a B movie?
11,02Dragonshy!
/me goes to check this out
dont know :P
Mirathrim?
Will Smith.
What kind of crack has SB been smoking.
Whodafuq?
8,6SB, I, Robot is an A movie
Silly filly crack.
Meanwhile: no idea, since it was a newbie I think they just let it pass
Fuck that.
is it a rule? no talking during lottery?
yep
Silence..
inb4 Octavias_Pride wins
ooh ok
8,6we mute the main channel so the lottery results don't get lost in the chat
Alert! The B Movie is being contested!
11,02Second pony episode goes to...
11,01We should re-roll B.
a name so notorious in the lottery it was brought up in discussion at bronycon :/
lol
that explains the silence
Lol everyone is getting on SB.
reroll or I shall commence further rustling of jimmies
amongst the bronystaters who went yeah
ಠ_ಠ
My jimmies remain unrustled
I hope the B movies will be I, Robot.
SB Ignores ALL The mods
/me rustles otakon's jimmies
Octavias_Pride always wins
I like both movies, I'm okay with this.
I'd like to see english version.
I think they must be discussing it
bc NO activity in mane
This music.. it's so..happeh.
Generally you're lucky enough to be asked for a different pick if your movie doesn't fit the criteria.
i love just sitting with my guitar improvising a bass line for the intermission music
while it's playing
Meanwhile: yeah but the newbie isn't here for sure
9 times out of 10 you'll be ignored outright.
ಠ_ಠ (highlight)
lol :)
NO THE MUFFISN
fail -_-
I refuse to let some schmuck I've never heard of get his wrong criteria movie in.
No fair, I can't do it.
hell, knowing the mods lately he's probably been banned for saying something akin to season 3
well while mane is muted, MODHACKMODHACKMODHACK
When I try to, they scold me for playing at 11 PM.
Whoa, man.
Meanwhile: my B became the A choice when UP got shot down over a 31 day month
i realy hoped they choosed my charlie chaplin film for b-movie :)
You're a reg.
i do it quietly and it's only 9:21 here
is chat dead?
the mods are definitely using dark haxxing magic :<
yeah but that was only like... 2 months after I joined
so many connections in mane chat
^
oh and sb is acting weird
don't know, they might be discussing if they're gonna reroll on B movie
Join, leave, join, leave.
Because I have to figure that's what's happening.
But then again, I don't have a bass.
I refreshed because I though my chat froze
Meanwhile: must be they haven't moved since saying "Let's reroll"
They must be discussing the B pick.
same here
indeed
OMAIGAWD GUISE ITS A
lets watch silent hill
00,10shit explode?
Why is that in need of a discussion?
There seems to be some debate as to is the B movie IS a B Movie. They're probably debating that on a private channel.
What are mods up to? It's way too quiet on the main channel.
11,01Hold on everyone.
well I robot is lower
Same
Have any of them SEEN I Robot?
00,03Sorry folks, we seem to be in a pickle right now~
I think the mods are doing a dance.
11,02Alright, due to some issues with the B Movie selection, we're going to reroll it.
I wouldn't mind mind double A movie night
oh, they're alive again ;)
Anyone know where to get good looking figurines (unlike the Hasbro-freaky ones)?
I have, it's an A.
Finally.
okay apparently it was chat derpage
Damn.
they're rerolling
Aww, no.
THERE WE GO XD
there's the silence break
Silly SB
11,02B Movie goes to...
11,0218!
PLEASE BE BIRDEMIC!
and on that day, Meanwhile did not get his jimmies rustled, he got lucky
/me throws cookies at SuperBrony64
PLEASE BE BIRDEMIC!
11,01A suggestion to everyone: Check your movies on IMDB before putting them in the lottery.
11,01And our definitions of A and B.
11,02LordDerpington!
11,01It'll speed this along.
GODDAMMIT!
otakon you only want cause of Jontron
LordDerpington
IshBestPony: yes :3
11,02The Twelve Tasks of Asterix
It's always repeats. :S
woah
is that animated?
The Twelve Tasks of Asterix.
The Twelve Tasks of Asterix
OH MY GOD, ASTERIX AND OBELIX MOVIE
11,02Wow...how appropriate to be selected on Bastille Day XD
and now more silence?
I'm...not sure.
alright an asterix film...YES :)
inb4 inb4 goddamitt
GODDAMMIT! Lulu WHY!?!?
Bronystatix
<otakon> goddammit
05ah yes its that day :D
I think there was a live action Asterix at some point,.
i've never heard of them. they any good?
11,01Should I be in my maid outfit today?
the boring one
11,01:p
otakon: Because you talk too fast.
TO IMDB!
A Movie....
/me IshBestPonix
(I had that on VHS when I was a kid)
Not as good as the actual comics, in my opinion.
they are the best type of european historical comedy of all time :)
ix
There is another one?
11,02It has a 7.5/10...which looks to be an A Movie as well
it's the old boring one
I remember having one on VHS.
11,01What tasks do you give a * ?
Oh goddamnit now we're looking at rerolling the B as well.
>_(\
The comics yes. The movie... well, it's definitely a B. Some things work best on paper.
i loved all of the asterix films,my favorite as the olimpic games one :)
The only part from the one I watched I remember is Asterix throwing a huge rock onto some romans.
That's all.
the other Asterix movies are pretty cool
<-<
really why?
00,10inb4 I cant find it
it's B material!
Rating apparently.
perhaps Meanwhile will get his jimmies rustled after all
MORE REROLLS?
damn, there really should be some straight definitions on what is an A or B movie
11,02Based off of the rating, I'm going to reroll, it looks like an A Movie to me.
11,01I've never heard of the movie.
wait a B CAN'T be good now?
Kencolt: well it's still some funny moments in the movies,but yes i also love the books :)
I think Asterix would classify as a B
14/7/11: NEVER FORGET :p
There needs to be a definite limit.
it can be god goddammit!
11,027.5/10, same as the A Movie
11,01Was the budget high?
good
Might need to re-def B and A movies now. :S
Rerolling again?!
No "between the range of yaddayada with a budget of flimflam"
that's stupid! it's a B
For flipping .
A and B movies have no clear definition.
We need bars for this stuff.
(\(9_6)/) I just don't know what went wrong!
Kinda like trying to define Art.
the amount of rerolls in this channel are too goddam high?
it's animation, it's limited release, it's FOREIGN
it's a B
hm.. don't think the ratings matter.. isn't the difference between A and B movies the budget?
oh for f*ck's sake another re-roll
re-roll
That's racist yo.
XD
11,02Next reroll is...
more bass making time for meee!
11,02128
Budget and production
omg i want my pick
come, you rerolled I robot for same reason
I prefer the original comics. Perhaps my favorite is the one where the Normans (Vikings) go to Gaul to learn the meaning of fear-- because they heard fear lends you wings, and if they could fly they would easily rule the known world.
but im sad now,cause i wanted to see asterix :'(
Sounds about right, actually.
goddammit when did a 7.5 become HIGH?
lol i picked Clerks 2 for B
Idek.
otakon, just because it was made be negromancers doesnt mean its a bad movie.
Jimmies have been rustled tonight
by*
indeed Jim indeed
Sooooo
/me rustles Meanwhile's jimmies
00,10must be to make up for not having to reroll at all last week.
How exactly are we defining A and B movies, so that these mistakes stop happening?
EspyLacopa: we've gotten lengthy discussion on the B movie.
Oh mai gaaaaaaawd.
Kencolt: my favorite asterix book is "the oddisey" wehre asterix and obelix cross the world in hope of finding oil for panoramix potion :)
11,02Not going to say who it is until I get the movie checked out...
rerolls are fun imo
EspyLacopa: was by budget, rating and gross along with film quality before
people get more chances
Really, after tonight there needs to be a much clearer set up for this stuff.
i guess so
but it's fluctuated
Either need smarter voters or better comparisons. >_>
it adds to the tension a little
it's me
Reroll EVERYONE
Maybe we can take some of the best A's and the best B's we've had and create an average.
ITS ME!
yeah
Fluctuation means the definition isn't really very good.
I can FEEL IT!
it's BIRDEMIC!
Inb4 it isn't.
http://i.qkme.me/3oo2xp.jpg
Inb4 goddamnit.
meanwhile i'm here rocking out a mad bass line for the intermission music XD
I feel that A and B movies should be picked Solely on budget
Then, a sudden silence, as if millions of jimmies were rustled at once.
LOL!
<otakon> goddammit
I feel a disturbance in the jimmies
I think people take it as the first and second movie not to define what quality they are
honestly, Rotten Tomatoes
^
Thing is, a movie with a B budget can easily have a high spproval rating. Especially in certain SF flix.
It's a bad sign when not even the mods can apparently agree on the criteria.
>50% B, <50% A
i think main factor for B movie is budget
Why would A movies have low ratings?
I pick the better one of my selection for A and worse for B... Usually they should stand for the quality requirements
otakonfoals can't arrowforce.
Hmm, we might get a Triple Intermission.
or hell, 70% or lower is a B, 71% or higher is a A
Hi, Good afternoon everyone
And the Asterix movie did have a high budget for an Euuropean animated film.
I'd like to think A movies are just newer movies.
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT, welcome to the rustle party
heyo, TheGreatAndPowerfulT.
Allo TheGreatAndPowerfulT. Welcome to the fudgefest that is this weeks lottery.
twi_sprinkle_GS17: so,if i choosed a charlie chaplin film for b-movie it would not be picked ? :|
hiya TheGreatAndPowerfulT you missed the great rustling of jimmies of 2012
But yeah... For example, all the Monthy Python films should be considered A.
11,01Let's all go to the panda-store, and get ourselves a snack.
it's Birdemic I can feel it
Curse the official ratings
Well many people have different opinons on what a B movie is but I see it as a poorly produced low budget movie
TheGreatAndPowerfulT Hi, you're just in time to have your jimmies rus...Dammit otakon
If they pick mine, it wins. Toho studios didn't really HAVE a budget at the time.
sergio_scriptor: idk that movie
sergio_scriptor: i mean idk the budgets
pandastore for a snack?
panda-store. during +m. :D
How_long_does_it_tak: good question
that's why it's a lottery.
twi_sprinkle_GS17: i mean it's old,it's from the 20's so it could get picked
imma get a sammich and a cuppa brb
brb
sergio_scriptor: yeah it should get picked
I wonder what 128 is
http://www.mypandastore.com/
Intermission cycled twice.
11,01The best damn movie ever.
they should tell us, so they could learn from his possible mistake
so was wargames good?
we*
twi_sprinkle_GS17: yep, :)
HOLY CRAP. HOW LONG WILL THIS GO ON FOR.
11,01Of course.
Nittany_Discord: wat is it?
Depends on the Chaplin flick. Some are more A than B. The Great Dictator, for example-- cannot call that a B. Brilliant film AND at the time a very very high budget.
get on with it!
sooo they are sorting the entries from the last time ?
Pokemon?
Pokemon first movie?
Godfather?
This be shenanigans.
B movie was rerolled
Twice
They can't decide on the criteria for a B movie.
Kencolt: i choose "the gold rush" is that a b-movie ? :|
Again.
I think they're discussing A/B critirias now.
yeah get on with it!
Not discussing re-rolling.
Just make up a vote.
Seriously
i think charlie chaplin is a B movie
/me discusses rerolling
standardize it off Budget only
Heh. I think it might qualify. IT's malso a classic, but not as powerful as The Great Dictator.
Come on
since its old and budget probablyh wasnt too high
It's mod hax night anyway
14.07.2012, never forget the day of rustling
How bout age?
Auguirre was 8.something and still B
but low budget
the great rustling
Take 5 good B movies and just let us vote
if shaun of the dead is a B movie, i mpretty sure so is chaplin
lol, meanwhile got kicked.
If only sumi was in here so I could correct him.
lol dat kick.
By that logic, all SIlentFilms are B movies. Which doesn't really work out.
^
Age should have nothing to do with wether it is A or B
Guess I'll settle for my Gondor post.
that'd be stupod
stupid*
system is broken anyway
Meanwhile's jimmies are extra rustled
How about silent hill
Extra bored more like.
This may be the longest intermission I've witnessed.
Why does this have to happen /during/ the lottery?
Marx: indeed
Aaahhh!!!!
Pirates, not the caribbean one... The Porn movie
Come on
Letting out my anger in here!! :D
MUFFIN!!!!!
idk SilentFilms
Pirates 2 is better :)
^
When it comes up, it comes up.
i mean that budget is the main factor imo
http://i.qkme.me/3oo2xp.jpg
that's A class porn
Where was Gondor when rerolls?
I find it interesting that the original B choice, "iRobot" has become "I, Robot"
haha
11,02Alright, for the B Movie...
They are gone
Makes me wonder if the chooser was thinking of a different movie.
Nope i guess not
at this point, you know people are trolling
O_o there's a what of pirates? too higly rated for this stream anyway, PONY
00,10You all do remember that nick changeing during +m is not primited right?
It isn't?
11,02We're going with the previous roll, The Twelve Tasks of Asterix
I didn't know that.
im amazed that the same eps are always chosen for ponies :|
>.> 7.5/10 is now a B movie
Jimmies unrustled
inb4 new rule.
11,01We could ban nick changes here with a channel mode.
going with the previous roll
Ok
woooooo, asterix
11,02Alright, so the second pony episode goes to 128, which is...
Okay, serriously. >_>
Good grief.
All that just to say "Yeah ok Asterix then"
alright asterix :)
11,02RainBowJack
Um, sir? This is just a really nice time just relax, for awhile.
11,01Yay
11,01Awesome!
Ooo RainBowJack.
11,01That was my pick.
I mean, you don't have to, of course.
another intermission, another time i dont win <.<
13yay another hour long intermission day
wait what happened?
11,02Alright, so that's the lottery everypony :)
and with that I am done here
Don't trust RainBowJack.
8,6A Movie: Despicable Me - kirzstryfe
8,6B Movie: The Twelve Tasks of Asterix - LordDerpington
8,6Pony 1: Dragonshy - Mirathrim
11,01Shizuka: It's awesome, right?
But just a thought, right? :)
twi_sprinkle_GS17: i know that feel bro
fluttershy weekend:)
what about nick changes?
11,01:p
Keep trying twi_sprinkle_GS17.
Not allowed in +m apparently.
NOOOOOOOOO!
oh he's talking about Ish aka RustlerOfJimmies
It can be bannable, apparently.
They say nickchanges during +m is not allowed
ikr
Fluttershy day~
Where was Gondor when intermission cycled Twice, almost three times?
Dozen of rerolls and... MOD HAXXXXXXXXXX!
Sounds like there was quite a discussion going on in the back there...
THE FLUTTERSHY HAS BEEN DOUBLED! HUZZAH!
Where was Gondor when Sumica: you're*
hiya Deceptive_Cadence
kirzstryfe: i was voting that since i joined Bronystate dude, now it finally gets shown :3
HA HA, The Fluttershys have been doubled!
man if someone gets lucky with an A movie being B ima slap a bitch
bai everyjimmy
11,02Stay Tuned to the B Movie which is up next :)
fluttershy time
sigh,2 fluttershy eps...
next friday is fluttershy day.
yeeeees
i love that episode]
WOOT
11,01You're free!!!!
bai RustlerOfJimmies
so , animation week next friday
I, ROBOT..................YOU FLUTTERSHY
so how many yelled hax ?
do you guys think that "singin in the rain" qualifies as a A-movie ?
and then the jimmies were reduced by one
That was an interesting +m...
That's the first time I've actually seen a choice that was considered "too good" to qualify for the B movie slot. 6_9
indeed Ninjazz
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: me for one, another mod won A pick
also it seems as if mods have a 8/10 chance of winning
Spectrum_Rush|Zzz: Im mean seriously
Did we set a new record for longest lottery music?
hi everypony!
YES. DEFINITELY.
but im going far away from my country wheres there NO INTERNET AT ALL!!!!!
lol
Great, next weeks movie night is worst pone week.
hi
Sumica be mad
Fluttershy. Yay. :[
don't care i like despicable me
8,6Ok, 1 last thing
11,01Now to fix my grandmother a sandwich. She's calling me on my phone to go fix one.
another +m o_o
Kencolt: awesome :) one of these days my gene kelly will be singin in bronystate :)
seriously, we've had a mod win EVERY LOTTERY in one catergory for the last MONTH.
ok i am back, sammich and cuppa in tow
Ikr? Hax, man. Hax.
what? no internet?:O
there are 22 mods right?
NO!
is +m on?
and I know not ALL of them enter the lottery
Combustiblelemons think so
ah thanks
still, four weeks of four picks
onto the b movie now correct?
since everything went all silent in there:P
Hmmm. That remind me... gotta go check if I even did get the newsletter.
yup
yay :D
Ninjazz: I didn't
young frankenstein time:)
The only illusion that the mods win a lot is because they're a group.
yay
funny
8,6And good luck to everyone that enters ^_^
i remember the last time this was played in bronystate
oh another art contest?
Crap, are they suffering from tech difficulties?
CORRECTION: 16:10 TO 16:38
I can't draw :(
We know the names and what the names correspond to, ergo we think of them as a collective
it was awesome
Where was gondor when "One more thing!" ?
the twelve tasks seems to be a regional thing
eyrgor
i can't draw
Where was Gondor when longest intermission in bronystate history
ah. i might enter, i can draw pretty well
THAT'S A 30 minute intermission!
eyegor
Ninjazz: poke
it will obviously be in french
but i have a pretty obscure art sytyle
thats going to be funny
14/7/12 never forget.
style*
Sun Celebration kirzstryfe ? That's kinda...narrow...?
time to stop being lazy and terrible at drawing it sems
I saw only the start yesterday, but I got pretty tierd around 3-4am so only got to see the first 15 min of it
/me is poked "Yes, Spectrum_Rush|Zzz?" o_o
i'm back guys
what happened 14/7/12?
guys i think i will leave,bye see you all tomorow :)
i lold at asking if Asterix had a high budget ^^ french animation
Combustiblelemons missed everything? Of course.
ah crap
putting your hoof down was better
sup Combustablelemons
STYLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ninjazz: hai ('.')/)
i had to get food :S
/me Wants to eat Derpy_Hooves
hello Combustiblelemons
Combustiblelemons: That's today. And the longest intermission ever.
:D
damn move he have explosive lemons
bye sergio_scriptor! :(
Ideeeeaaaaa.
oh. so not much.
/emails
good night everyone see you all tomorow
Nah not really.
fapplebloom, cause it otrayed Ponyville perfectly right?
and hello all :3
bye
night sergio_scriptor
/me glomps Spectrum_Rush|Zzz "Hai (^-^)"
@S
gnight sergio_scriptor! sleep well
yeah i was thinking about that
but dick move :p
good night sergio_scriptor
Exactly.
TrixieMuffin, Imdb didnt say, had a 2mil SEK
nigth sergie_scriptor
Meanwhile, I heard that before the Lottery system was used, intermissions would take HOURS
o_O
Besides, doesn't the survey site run on IP?
The concept might have been interesting but the execution was really poor in putting your hoof down
dari really needs to make a New lemon tree thing
good night sergio_scriptor
dat bs post
Meanwhile: IP
When is the next pony epi?
*email
Kandarihu: I was there for that, wasn't /that/ bad because we weren't debating the criteria instead of the movie.
ffaaaaaaaaaaaailure
are we watching the B movie now?
despicable me? i heard it's good
CrimsonPhoenix:ponyville does seem to be populated largely by fucktards
after this movie
on my part
i can't say i'm talented in any arts apart from maybe music. i might as well try in the art contest, what have i to lose? XD
yay!
Who'd go that far, though?
fapplebloom, only in putting your hoof down
CrimsonPheonix i expected more of a climax in Put your hoof down, actually
man i remember the last time this played in bronystate.
Ninjazz: you'd be surprised
The incredibly butthurt?
Desipicable Me stars the Kerbals.. I mean minions
and how exactly is this a "B" movie?
aka eman
yes young frankestien
which is 110min long if I remember correctly
Alright. I'm wide awake this time, and hope to be for the next two hours.
back when FOX was sometrhing
the fuq?
please say batman and robin hasn't been played in my absence.
"LEAVE US ALONE MEL BROOKS!"
well im looking forward to it , trying to get pass A38 is always a hoot
I really would. =_=
something
fapplebloom: low budget
My favorite Mel Brooks.
DRAMATIC CASTLE
lol
YES :$
dun dun dun!
Despicable Me - Review by Vordox. IT IS GOOD for being mostly obscur, even with it high rating and values of reviews, it gives a good sweet memory feeling of it. WORTH it for a A movie
fapplebloom...low budget and stuff
is this the hilarious one?
fapplebloom: plus Mel Brooks
LEAVE US ALONE MEL BROOKS
Willy Wonka himself!
Ninjazz is now eman the ninth coming
lol
DRAMATIC FRANKESTEIN
^
willy wonka as himself
WILLY WONKA.
o_o;
Dark92Enigma: well he didn't direct this
i love mel brooks
Blucher!
im kay with Despicable Me
me too
i shed a tear when he died :(
>_>;
Combustiblelemons: Batman & Robin have not been played in your absence
Combustiblelemons: wait I thought he was still kicking?
Love the violin.
ROLFE.
NO SPOILERS!!
i haven't shed tears in years. idk why.
damn actually I miss eman
it was either him or some other actor
wonder how he's doing
everyone dies at the end
Baur.
Is this supposed to be a horror film?
working at an ice cream shop
>miss eman
nope
Wasn't he here... yesterday?...
no
nonody2: Horror comedy
No a comedy
or something like that
thus causing no time for visits
parody of frank
mostly comedy
this is the funny one isn't it?
he was here once this week
Awesome i love horrow comendy
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/masonry/000/264/049/cc5.jpg
cue Meanwhile laughing
Wait, is there such thing as a horror comedy?
DICK JAMES.
because they're kinda opposites...
yay willy wonka is in this
it's a parody of Frankenstein, and a really good one
imdb says it a sci-fi comedy
Yes. This.
James is such a Dick.
Darn it why do i always say horrow instead of horror
The closest that Mel Brooks has ever come to horror was "High Anxiety".
Ahahahahahaha
Miss...eman?
Ahahahahahaha
Dude,
bah
On cue.
edud
Mel Brooks is STILL ALIVE
he's STILL ALVIE!
:o
I mean alive
*plays still alive*
Im making a note here.
AND HE'S COMING FOR YOU
its ALIVE
huge success.
Huge success.
XD
goddammit
HAHAHAHAH
oi g'valt Mel Brooks is alive!
ITS HARD TO OVERSTAE MY SATISFACTION
otakon.....and how do thoust know this to be true?
login
Has anyone heard of the new game Adventure Ponies?
portal references are inevitable when i'm here.
Pale_Horse what was that one about
hahahaahhaa
is anybody watching this in fullscreen or am i the only one?
LEAVE US ALONE, GENE WILDER AND MEL BROOKS
UG
X3
THAT WAS ON CUE TOO
hahahahaha
Dark92Enigma: Can you heart ME
DRAMATIC WINDOW
wait....that wasn't six in ten here though
gene wilder thats it
It might not be a portal reference.
I'm laughing for real right now.
i think that's who died
Beautiful... X3
CCCP yes
so is this real black and white?
dun dun dun
Best movie ever incoming!
Has nobody here ever played Mirror's Edge?
that deserves a screenshot
is it the whole time black and white
Dark92Enigma: Nice
LEAVE US ALONE MEL BROOKS
Anyone heard of Adventure Ponies?
aw
Shamroc: wikipedia would list him being dead you know
CCCP yes i do!
Yes, ducky.
oh
SAY PONY IF YOU ACTUALLY READ THE NOVEL FRANKENSTEIN
but it's still funny
PONY.
Will there be colors?
PONY
hi Shamroc
ShadowQuill: is that a Adventure Time/MLP: FiM fanfic crossover?
Eenope.
oh ok
POOOONY
hey CCCP!
ello Darkts3|Drawing|MLG
gene wilder i got him confused with otakon
READING IS FOR COOL KIDS AND COOL KIDS ACCESORIES.
i fail XD
MahBoi777: YO BOI
No. But the funny is there.
CCCP I heard of it, and i know how it goes
Pon-oh wait
CCCP: nobody's impressed
POny. TWICE.
Heyo, CCCP. How you been? c:
hey CCCP long time no see wher've you been
Combustiblelemons: also still alive
otakon: No, it is an 8 bit online MLP game with bosses
Okay. : )
MEL BROOKS
CCCP: how have u been?
Ninjazz: Hey bro
SILLY YOU.
well he looks happy
I've been good.
damn what the hell
:O its my sister!
wow
Hey look its George washingtons corpse!
i'm gulliable.
I had to do some things and so I took a break from Bronystate
SCROOGE.
No, its MINE!
/me had a heart attack
he don't wanna give up the goods
ok CCCP
Gimme dat!
hai hai CCCP
You no take box
alexxm: How are you?
/me 11,01has a Dark92Enigma
is he ok?
Jim: Hey jim!
lol
otakon: Go to http://www.hubworld.com/hubworld/specials/mlp8bit/
lol fight da dead
Basically In High Anxiety, Mel Brooks comes in as the new administrator of a mental asylum/institute, but the other workers are up to no good criminal dealings and prey on his (Mel's) anxiety disordor to keep him from finding out.
CCCP: that's good^^
But I'm all caught up now :)
11,01ShadowQuill: No non-image links during stream.
ShadowQuill: oh that 8 bit game is a fun throwback
11,02Dat Willy Wonka
ShadowQuill: next time use pm eh?
lagg n buffering
shadowquill: whats the code?
Nittany_Discord: But it is not a video
yes this is the funny one :D
Green penis.
Is all I see.
and dead chat
my computer is so boss
EYES.
Is that Weird AL?
rip
hmm
fronkenstien
fronkensteen?
no that's not
incoming spam
That's Frankonsteen.
Froderik?
it's willy wonka
IS THAT A GREEN PENIS
Sweet Green Penis... Wait. That's terrible... i quit.... Just a handful for the road...
?
Nope it's Wiily Wonka
GREEN PENIS.
/me throws a tumbleweed through chat
Gene Wilder
frogenstien
otakon: PM me i have no idea how to
MY NAME IS SANTA CLAUS
Willy Wonka is best Frankenstein
Oh, okay. Mel Brooks really IS alive!
11,01ShadowQuill: It's also not an image link.
its hitler
Silence my child, I offer you my jimmies.
I got an ad in the middle of the stream and it won't go away..
Jimmies mean nothing to me. o__o
ShadowQuill: just double click the person's name on the right side in the list you want to PM
Chocobunny: get adblock
It's this scene
I FEEL HAPPY!
where do you get adblock
SHOW THEM THE GREEN PENIS.
danieleys1995: firefox
What movie is this?
Young Frankenstein.
well I use google chrome
Oh...
Tillhop
god that guys thin
Poor guy.
hiya RAWRity you missed all the hooplah over B movie
danieleys1995, chrome app store
GTG, gonna play Adventure Ponies
Next, look under your chair
otakon: Really? Oh darn....
GO FOR THE GROIN
tahnks
HE SAID THE WORD BITCH
thanks
He's like "You bastard..."
THIS IS UNHEARD OF bakc int he 1970!
he wont die
SON OF A FEMALE DOG.
I like the combo word "Bastich".
This is twisted.
speaking of the chrome store, I discovered this earlier http://i.imgur.com/HvAS6.png
ouch
lol
6_9
That sounds incrediblt painful.
dat crosseyed
derp
I imagined Heavy saying "Your jimmies mean nothing to me."
his face when
Jim: hmm MLP is Anime
lol
derpy-derp
6_9
me
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: LIES
It costs 400,000 dollars to rustle my jimmies...
Jim: Lol
OWWW
just an extra dollar
man down
Extra dollar? YES
X3
For twelve seconds
you bastard
awww
It's a hobo.
lol
Bastion
extra 9000 dollars
hobo
Nyst Chester A Bum
Too expensive for my blood.
Fwankenstine
Fjonkenpeim.
CHAAAAAAAAANGE! YA GOT CHAAAAAAANG!
the worm
CHAAAAAAAAAAANGE!
ya got change
Screenshotted it: http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v294/UltraDefender/OnCue.jpg
THE HORRIBLE MONSTER OF FJONKENPEIM.
Lotsa spaghetti.
Neither is Spaghetti
... With very few exceptions...
NO SPAGHETTI!
lotsa spaghetti
and he pushes a bit too far
You lose.
Good day sir.
D-E-D DED
PENIS.
Lotsa Lotsa Lotsa SPAGHETTI
7 koopa hotels?
The guy in the black coat blends in like a boss.
lol
I AM A SCIENTIST!!
GREEN
YOU LOSE, GOOD DAY SIR!
OUCH
paranoid kid
DO DO
fluttercry: Yeah!
