I gtg..
Bye everypony.
wait, wat?
Well, see ya.
cya CallofLukey
CallofLukey: stay safe out there
No, this is not Nittany_Discord_Phon. This is Nittany_Discord_Phon.
Bye Call Of Lukey!
bai CallofLukey
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lzu6pgLl8u1r3xauuo1_r1_1280.png
tbh
Nittany_Discord_Phon: 6_9
I'm out too everypony. Bye! :)
Bye.
Bronysith: Straight for Braeburn
Bye oni_link!
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ly8xgdr81z1r3xauuo1_1280.png
dat tumblr
all dis tumblr
I met a couple other collectors at the beach meetup - I has rivals now :)
Ahh, the r63 ray.
... *runs*
You could just identify on your phone, couldn't you Nitt? Im guessing you don't want to, is all.
Yay drawfriend.
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lwrku2Uoxb1r3xauuo1_1280.png
Also I got another idea I want to try - Vinyl Scratch Bobblehead ^_^ I know just how to do it
http://bit.ly/HRiNCn -- Ultimate Shipping Lanes...
/me pokes head out of air vent are any of mah friends here, or are ponies gunna keep throwing skittles and sweetish fish at me?
tl, dr; RBD shipped with everyone
Still looking at how to go about a Berry Punch version of a drinking bird though
Ohai IMissOsamaBrony :p
09,01hey folks
Ohai NewDCD
09,01nobody streaman?
hola NewDCD
hi NewDCD
Nah~
Hey NewDCD! :P
Ponies47 hi
g'day NewDCD
/me crash glomps Scoot-Scootaloo into NewDCD
lali-ho NewDCD
Tassadork: its a bit more extensive than that
hey NewDCD
09,01so nothing on stream? O:
nope
not that I am aware of
RyunosukeKnT: yeah I know. but still, you know...
/me continues eating skittles and sweetish fish that were thrown at him
hey NewDCD
I would love to but heh
evening NewDCD
NewDCD: eeyup no stream :(
09,01well
09,01I'll take care of that
09,01gimme a minute
yay :)
/me peeks out of air vent and throws a m&m at NewDCD
/me catches the M&M between his fingers
What is this? Candy Wars?
09,01if you're gonna attack someone with an oval-shaped candy
/me is amazed
09,01use Skittles, as they are more aerodynamic
/me throws sweetish fish
oops
/me throws jawbreakers at kirzstryfe and NewDCD
I was bored. but then I found out Vagabond updated
/me starts candy food fight
Candy Wars sounded like a title of a mediocre game...lulz
/me Throws bon bon's
:P
modern wormfare 2 is a good game
hi
/me sets the chat on fire
when does season 3 come out?
09,01also
AttackWithHugs: nevermind, i figured it out lol
if anyone remembers that refrence
09,01I preordered Persona 4 Arena
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OlIBi3FIL7s
Queenie: no information is released yet
Dr Whooves aliased as "Time Turner" lol
09,01who's getting it for the PS3?
ooh okay thankyou!
/me hugs HatchetRyda
Jim: /)
Ohai Queenie :)
/me sighs happily and returns AttackWithHugs hug
(\
NewDCD: i wish i have PS3, nope
hello!
Jim SWAGGGGGGGGGGGG
Jim is that a real video on youtube?
oh already read it
Jim tha ponies?
probably yes
I cannot express enough love for meet the pyro
^
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_luojdjttaY1r3xauuo1_1280.png Tassadork Jim
Meet the Pyro = Awesomesause
could go for some pancakes now
or waffles
/me collapse
mmm pancakes
I think th
Dammit.
mmm pancakes *drools*
hey Nittany_Discord_Phon
09,01okay errybody
I think I know what game I'm going to stream next.
09,01press the refresh button under the stream
09,01I'm starting
umm. actually less interested in pancakes now...
Jim: best breakfast food ever, eggs and maple and brown sugar sausage in a wrap...SO GOOD
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lukzxrXiOW1r3xauuo1_1280.png
YAY!
Also, hi RyunosukeKnT
09,01signal gettan?
yoy stream.
ooooh, I ate bacon and eggs for breakfast today
it was delicious
signal get
we get signal
yeah NewDCD
Wanna guess the game?
oh noes
What the fuck...
NewDCD: ty for your entry for the Fukkireta thing we are doing
and I see a fighting streeter
oh SNAPPIES!
I suddenly have flashbacks.... OF COURSE!
this calls for some toast
OF COURSE!!
huh... didn't know this was a super power http://powerlisting.wikia.com/wiki/Unicorn_Physiology
NewDCD: you scared the living hell outa me :D
TOAST!
Bronysith: DCD is in there too? Awesomeness
...what
can't wait for it to be finished
Bronysith: I saw the joke coming in the Pancake one
wtf...
How long is the fucking opening
03not really
03there are loads of twats that use it
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ltz72rNmTR1r3xauuo1_1280.png
03end of story
XAXpod: lol
dinky it's an anime, what did you expect?
there's more that arent twats :P
like me.
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ltyna8mG751r3xauuo3_r1_1280.png
dken2021 I don't know i've never seen one xD
Oh, steam's FINALLY back! Yay.
HatchetRyda: what was the oh snappies for?
Steam or stream?
AttackWithHugs: Street Fighter lol
inb4 blanka
I mean stream...
Im a little new here, what exactly are we watching here?
HatchetRyda: Never seen/played it
03You're one person
03there are billions of people
03do the math
looks like a street fighter anime
Bronysith: ._.
03also woah, apparently scientists managed to get a monkey to control a robotic arm using its brain
ROBCakeran53 looks like an animation of street fighter 2
AttackWithHugs: well you shall see it now lol
BROCK=!
ryu is a lumberjack and he's ok
wait
oh of course it is, silly me
too much eyes
i saw THIS GUY during the bronycon stream http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/340/143/004.jpg
HatchetRyda: ok
What the heck is with non-visual novel games being turned in to animes?!
uhhh
uhhhh
haha well done spiderman
G UUUNNNIIIITTTTTTT
XD
Where is M Bison?
09,01fun fact about BronyState
:D
iirc in the games he is a bit older than 17
09,01it was envisioned as a way to have bronies enjoy both pony and non-pony material together
Aww yeah, He in Guile's country now!
Ryunosuke this is kinda like a prequel
That picture is so appropriate for some reason.
09,01because hey, wouldn't it be awesome to watch stuff like Game of Thrones with Bronies?
ah
YES
/me pokes chat
VenHur96: now i have Guiles theme in my head lol
let's watch it then
/me pokes Quadrenaro
Dken2021: I read that exactly as it was written. It sounded like you were stating ROBCakeran53 looks like an animation.
I'm at 950K words now, 50k to go!
D:
I came here for the movies.
09,01Wrek has already streamed all the seasons XD
NewDCD: except game of thrones makes me WTF
Ryu?
repeat animation!
/me glomps NewDCD
ATATATATATATATATATA
NewDCD I am on a quest to reach 1 million words read on fimfiction :D
XAXpod hehe
shaween!
09,01THANK YOU HONORABLE FLUTTERSHY
/me swags outta his air vent with a ghetto blaster blasting Jurassic 5
Is this a DCD stream?
GabeMoist: you bet
she mad
09,01did the quality give it away?
I could tell from the smell
the fuck is a bento?
Lol
09,01a Japanese Lunchbox
Spade-Magnes[R]: Haha.
just waiting for a hadouken here
I want my Yes Yes M bison
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ltyna8mG751r3xauuo5_1280.png
Japanese lunchboxes are called "bento", IIRC
09,01no, but he has a blonde BOYFRIEND if it helps
/me then ghetto blaster breaks and he is confused, then crawls back into air vent....
hehe, he's going out with ken
:D
Spell-of-Gaming: correct
09,01except in this AU Ken is a Ginger and yeah
lol she thinks ryu is gay
/me returns with pb&j toast
i cant see the stream :'(
Oh good. The RPer left.
Ken x Ryu shipping confirmed... NO NOT ME, FFS, YOU DIRTY DIRTY PERVS
09,01refresh Ingwaz
Ingwaz might wanna refresh, cause it's on mips now
Everyone is gay for Ryu
^ thruth
NewDCD: i've tried twice now, nothing is coming up, it shows the mips logo in the corner, but no stream
Go home and be a family man
Spade-Magnes[R]: gay for ryu? lol no
09,01Ryu X Ken X Eliz
09,01*Eliza
09,01OT3
dat color
Good lord Nittany
dat kick
hello everypony:)
dat pink
and hello to you too cyber_pony13
Nittany_Denied
hai cyber_pony13
sweet luna that is pink!
my eyes dat color
Lol GabeMoist
Colors are exclusive for mods. :P
how do i ping ppl here
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: i have a fedora on top of mah headphones..
G'night everypony. :)
09,01just say their name cyber
night GilDash
Could you pick a more worse color for text?
goodnight GilDash
GilDash: nite
Dammit.
WB Nittany_Discord_Phon lol
goodanight GilDash
Nittany_Discord_Phon: Could you pick a worse text color?
Gotta be opped for color jokes.
You can ping by beating the user with a ping pong paddle
Shamroc i haz a beak, a mask and a hat :p
that's how I do it
<@NewDCD> like this?
cyber_pony13 you can save the trouble with long name by typing half of it and pressing tab
Awww....
Night GilDash :)
cyber_pony13, just type there name (start typing a users name then press tab also, its quicker)
TheGreatAndPowerfulT...no i was being serious..i have a fedora on top of my headphones
Suddently, street fight!
09,01"Pretty Good"
Shamroc: Like a baws?
Nittany_Discord_Phon: Or just get kicked and know the fact you got your joke across.
09,01BROKEBACK FIGHTER
d3rb: oh okay thanks
whoa! ken is not blond?! blasphamy
I wish I knew how to quit you
Shamroc Cool(?)
wait is this street fighter
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: indeed
09,01keep in mind SF II V is an AU
nice natural blonde you're sporting ken
I don't get tab fails because I write usernames manually. :P
Where's Guile and his theme?
Where the hell is M Bison?
There.
GabeMoist: it will appear soon i hope
Spade-Magnes[R]: u mean Vega lol
Awkward telephone keyboard.
GabeMoist: pants
Ken is one rich mother fucker
Nittany_Discord: why no color?
Messatsu!
Nittany_Discord: Everything is too small and close together :(
Rha 7? the fuck?
lali-ho Nittany_Discord
09,01in USA, everybody speaks Japanese
Because I don't have a script for this client.
damn that's alot of butlers
NewDCD, didn't you know?
cyber_pony13: and a lot of maids
Hi Dken2021
dat dog
Doggy!
Oh the maids.
Ohai doggie
Ohai doggy.
nice dogie
oh no loook out ryu
:D
that ... pose
quick use shoryuken
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ltgl764Wy11r3xauuo1_1280.png
Maybe you need a new dog
09,01"relax"
so Nittany_Discord did ya get to go to bronycon?
09,01DAT HO YAY
That bed is over kill
No.
Nittany_Discord: no we are not maids
I tried.
Yay Nittany_Discord :)
So this is an anime of SFII?
pff, everypony is a maid once in a while
Nittany_Discord: i didnt get to go either man
Kandarihu pretty much
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lteuw6iu3B1r3xauuo1_1280.png
Jim: true but that's just cleaning up after yourself
also during maid hour
Yeah I didn't get to go either :(
Bronysith that explains the not again
Kandarihu: Yeah. When I heard there's was a Street Fighter ANIME, I was all like "SEZ WHUT?! THAR A STREET FIGHTER ANIME?!"
Nittany_Discord: damn was hopeing i'd get a chance to meetcha
wish i could've gone to bronycon but i'm overseas
Yeah.
VenHur96 yea, blew my mind when I was little, though I saw the movie
oh snap round one
FIGHT
I really wanted to go too.
VenHur96 the animated one mind oyu
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lss85xNpFU1r3xauuo1_1280.png
I hope I can go in January.
Nittany_Discord: i didnt get to go. it fucking sucks
Nittany_Discord: u aint the only one lol
It sucks more that I tried and failed.
Nittany_Discord: I'm about 8 to 10 hours away from BronyCon
I'm 4 hours.
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lspwymuvGv1r3xauuo1_1280.png
dat food
Travel is not a problem.
I'm about alot of hours :(
i was 30 minutes :p
Spectrum_Rush: LUCKY! :O
8,6ok, Bronysith, at this point you're getting spammy with the picture links
Ryu = the Goku of Street Fighter...?
NOM
Real life is.
kirzstryfe: okay ill stop
I just saw some rather beefy-looking maids.
Money. Having to move.
09,01you know Ken is rich because he drinks Avian
Bronysith: curse you molestia
that dog "REALLY" likes Ryu :)
im rich BUCK THE RULES
dat pub rainbow
and ryu riding bitch seat
Capcom, if you're listening to us...GET THIS DUBBED AND PUT IT ON TOONAMI!
I'll try and come next year. I would love to see some of you.
I love them Japanese "WOO"
This makes me feel like playing Super Road Blaster
so, octavia's name is now cannon, and dr. whooves is now time turner, i like that
yes, yes it is a bar :)
Guys gf wants to watch romantic comedy need excuses fast!
Octavia is canon when?
Ingwaz neat, like it way better than doctor whooves
Ingwaz: How is this canon? Through the toys?
that ID
Dken2021: its more ponish, but still. XAXpod through the collectable card set theyre releasing
Oh.
dexlange: um....what would twilight do
was hoping ken would convince him the other way
XAXpod: you can see the pictures a few posts down on EQD
Swag
with the punching
Be smart?
that... isnt guile is it?
If there are maids there, see if you can spot me. :p
bar fight
he looks too puny to be guile
Well, you have to be Twenty ONE to drink alcohol, and bribing to get around being carded, I never heard of that working.
Shit's got real!
not in japan it 20
Bar Fighter II
Guile wouldn't lose
Nittany_Discord: I'm not a maid but I see you :)
this is san fran though
Round two
FIGHT
I meant in the stream.
oh snap
OH right... they did say they were 20. haha..
uh oh is this guile
and theres guile
oh shit
Friend of mine got his hat signed by John De Lancie today: http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/532354_133100483494313_645824974_n.jpg
its him
GUILES THEME INCOMING
okay thats guile :)
Or not
RAWRity: So awesome
GUILE
RIP Ken and Ryu
RAWRity: his hat is now chaos
RAWRity excellent
GUILE! BUCK YEAH!
they are no match for a charge character
Well, I seriously have to go to sleep now. Bye, guys.
Alright, next episode!! Woot!
RAWRity: Sweet
wonder if there have been ponified street fighter characters
goodnight agent--oh
an explosion of menacing military combat. god I love japanese anime titles
09,01EXPOLOSION
So, that was episode 1, isn't it?
/me explodes NewDCD
RAWRity: nice lol
VenHur96, yes. I just looked this up on Anidb
NewDCD: what are we watching btw? since i cant actually see it
/me Wants to go home :(
Motherbucking Guile!
what the buck is all guile could think
Round 1: FIGHT!
Ingwaz it's a street fighter anime
Guile is badass
i think i just discovereda misprint on one of those pony trading cards
Jim: his theme goes well with everything
Ryu fights Guile while Ken pays well for his water.
GET HIS THEME UP IN HERE!
No Guile theme so far? Capcom, I am depressed.
sergeant? he's in the air force but not an officer?
Tassadork: i think this is before he became an officer
ded
K.O.!
dead
You Lose
not bad mov
Aww, I thought he was going to say "And be a family man!"...
guile wins...perfect
Round 2: FIGHT!
KILL YOU
Go home and be a family man
have the tables turned...FIGHT!
NOT THE BEER
use one of dem helicopter kicks
Go home and be family man ryu
K/O
Damn
xD
game over
K.O
Flash KicK
))
God damn...
he should've shoryukened
I see the kick but where was the flash?
eh
Oh snap
03LOL "no updates found for updater"
03yo dawg
o_O
Ryu, Go back to your silly Japan wonderland and be a FAMILY MAN, BITCH!
next batle round 3
OH SHIT
_
:P
where the fuck is mah theme!
Resurrection
dat cracking
Ikr, Shamroc?
( ¬‿¬)
:'( ryu
ded
Guile Wins!
He died with honor
oh here we go...
inb4 theme is go
?
Aw yeah! This scene... DONE THE RIGHT WAY.
oooohhh
09,01ladies and Gentlemen
FUCK. YES.
:D
Aw shiet!
Yeeeeeeeees!
no sound :P
Eeyup.
XD
Haha
09,01Guile beats Ryu to Guile's Theme, that goes with everything
Apperantly, the streamer seen that this scene was so epic, he doned it again...WITH THE MOTHERBUCKING GUILE THEME!
thank ya NewDCD
HAHAHAHA
Perfection!
hahaha
8,6lol
09,01the internet has come full circle
:D
argh cant see video it stopped:[
The internet is now complete, everypony go home
cyber_pony13, the side rooms are used when a new episode airs. It would get too spammy in the main room if we weren't all split up like this.
Holt crap! It fits! :O
09,01it's been a good run
XD
Ninjazz: of course it fits
09,01now go home
it always does...
it fits with everything
09,01and be a family man
Guile's theme goes with everything
Jim: Didn't sense my sarcasm, eh?
Kandarihu: i see so why with the main six names per theatre though
is this the actual movie?
03but jeez
ok guys, pack up your stuff and leave, the internet is canceled, we have reached the peak
or am i clueless?
03this Garmin GPS
03is being a pain
Ninjazz: Sarcasm is easy to detect on the internet
Guile's Theme Goes with Everything: Beating the Crap out of Ryu in a Bar full of hot chicks.
See what I mean?
Spitfire it's a 12-13 episode series
Yeah. :3
oh cool :3
/me falls to the floor laughing
Bronystate logs probably reach 1 GB per year. :P
It's a 29 episode series.
Lol
AttackWithHugs: yay i knew you would love it
Only 29 episodes... Capcom, I am more disapointed.
HatchetRyda: Oh my gosh lol
09,01DAT MUSICAL TRANSITION
well no i can seee it at last
09,01OH MY GOSH
:O
so intense!
PERFECT!
09,01THE INTERNET IS OVER
wuh oh, someone's low on helath
K.O.
flash kick ftw
09,01EVERYONE GO HOME
And be a family man
You Win
NOOO
NewDCD: i am home...
I'm at home
/me GOES HOME TO HIS FAMILY
My life...is acomplished... *walks away*
HIYO BRONYSTATE!
continue?
This is amazing
Resurrection
lali-ho SolairePony89 !!
/me inserts coin to continue
hey SolairePony89!!
just llike ryu not knowing when to give in
NewDCD: You going all that "Guile theme"?
Give me a sec
NewDCD: "And as the BronyState chat celebrated this wondorous occasion, The Internet iploed within itself, causing the entire planet to explode out of sheer awesomeness.
"
YAY
that was pretty awesome this just got 20% cooler:D
*epic applause*
THAT WAS AWESOME!
NewDCD: +150 Internets to you, sir
Is there a stream?
Gentlemen, today we have witnessed something amazing
Gunthler: yes
Yes.
tell your family
What did i miss? xD
and your friends
GabeMoist: bick yea we have
*buck
Someone, GIVE THIS BRONY A STANDING OVATION
What did I just miss? xD
Gunthler: You only missed Guile's theme of awesomeness
NewDCD: You're showing the full episodes?
Awww
/me standing ovation
If Ryu wants Ken to go slower, he should ask him to go faster
i can imagine someone editing a video of RD doing guiles moveset
/me standsa and ovates
A standing ovation?! Ohhh you wouldn't!
VenHur96: I would. NewDCD deserves it. He just won TheInternet and the whole world
dog finally leaves him alone lol
It's hot in toooooopeka
/me give NewDCD a round of applause
:P
Bonus round!
NewDCD: amazing job what you did there
AttackWithHugs: And Chuck Norris's Seal of Approval?
VenHur96: Of course.
YAY Reddit is back! :3
VenHur96: Hell, Chuck Norris told Guile to go home and be a family man
AttackWithHugs: lol
SAH SAH SEAH SEAH SEAH SAH SAH
09,01Street Fighter II SHEA SHEA SHEA SHEA SHEA SHEA
I think it's dead.
AttackWithHugs: lol
Jab jab
SEEAAAAAAAHHHHH
NewDCD has just shown why the brony community is awesome
Foster's home hasn't been streamed here right?
SolairePony89: go to be sure i say that everytime i spar now
CrimsonPhoenix don't think it has
ken
09,01SUPER TOWEL FIGHTER II: WET CLOTH EDITION
^
cyber_pony13: Same here ^.^
Ken! Stop hitting the cameraman's face with that towel!
He knows how to use his towel. He must be a hitch hiker.
Just in case, I hope Ryu can drive Ken home.
alright guys im taking a sleep now got tired watching the stream and bronycon :D
8,6if Foster's has been streamed, it's been a very, very long time since
alright valoreins|Napping , goodningh
See ya valoreins!
kirzstryfe: That needs to be fixed
ken... masters?
bye valoreins|Napping!
NewDCD: you may have to add guile's theme again soon
I would love to watch that with my bronyfriends
Please show it normally first.
09,01GET THE PRESIDENT ON THE LINE
what did he do?
Ryu is the best
Bronysith: You there?
SolairePony89: yep
Bronysith: http://media.giantbomb.com/uploads/5/50012/2094227-dark_skyrim.png
手裏剣、私はあなたを殺す！
/join dashiesauce
SolairePony89: /)
SolairePony89: DARK SOULS>skyrim
Bronysith: (\
deadxak: We don't speak japanese here, sorry.
oh look, crazy moon language
SolairePony89: brohoof to that/)
09,01Kenswag
09,01it's Super Effective
cyber_pony13: (\
NewDCD, sorry about that. I'm not supposed to tell you what or what not to do with the stream, not at all.
guile why you in bed you should be training
私はすべての猫に行きました！
8,6deadxak, keep it english
GuileÉ
?**
BLARF
My Flash is getting unstable. Maybe I should restart my computer.
i am don't speak english!
deadxak http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfResyFrqlM
what is this?
deadxak: Ah, then hard to speak with you
English all use to understand.
8,6Lone_Lycan, no video links during the stream please
wait how did ryu mess him up guile did most of the beating
no english, no understand
03k, my friend left
Roadwarrior....no wait Street Fighter
/me sits on kirzstryfe
stream? where where? i'm in mirc
advertisement get out of way
i am forgot kick how?
8,6>.>
ROUND 1: FIGHT!
guile theme plz
/me sits next to and hugs AttackWithHugs
What I missed?
byeskyyyyyyyy
/me hugs HatchetRyda
CHEATING
Drunk Guile? it just get's better
HatchetRyda: jumps right between you and attackwithhugs
Guile's Theme Goes with Everything: Ryu's Revenge...FOR JAPAN!
jesus
hi
cyber_pony13: well hi there lol
oh
im back
oh what is this?
allo Sweetie_Belle
O_O
damn
NewDCD: Get the theme ready.
argh keeps buffering
me no like the japanese language

dang guile is beaten them all day
Was there a dub of this...?
09,01yeah, this can have the dub track
09,01but
09,01it's TURRIBOL
dem muscles
like Grazyr's wing terrible?
09,01not that terrible but still
13mfw nopony even noticed i was missing
09,01Ninjazuka
Shizuka You nevah said anything
Shizuka you were missing?
/me wishes we would watch the english dubs so it feels more natural to watch and easier to follow
Shizuka: need a hug
Well, English dubs tend to not do justice to the original, even when the translation is faithful. There are exceptions.
Ohai Shizuka :)
you're always with us Shizuka *hugs* :)
Ninjazuka? I'm in love.
8,6Shizuka lurks and reappears when she feels like it :)
Hi Shizuka, you were missing a Street Fighter anime! A Street. Fighter. ANIME.
I went to kill all (ken)
and so the journey to becoming the world warrior has begun
sweet gold Luna trading card get
Shizuka: you missed the best thing to happen on the internet lol
/me offers cookies to Shizuka
09,01it's okay
09,01here comes an ENCORE
Watching this made me feels like they should of made a Marvel vs Capcom anime...
And I blew it again. Hours after I apologized for the last time I blew it.
NewDCD: oh hell lol twice in one night...can we survive!?
Chun Li! HELL YES!
yay theme
Oh yes
09,01SUPER BAR FIGHTER II
09,01HD REMIX
o_o
Chun-Li<3<3 in next ep?yay(fluttershy style)
yes encore
This anime is getting better...and better...and better...and-*gets slapped* Sorry...
09,01GO HOME
09,01AND GET LOST
09,01AND BE A FAMILY MAN
go home and be a brony, man
^
Spectrum_Rush: i think i will cause being a brony is awesome
13the best thing to happen on the internet? vivi is speaking again?
^
09,01okay
^
She is?!
09,01second best thing to happen in the internet
/me thinks this looks horrible and chesey
NewDCD: we all know what the best thing is
here go time for the ultra combo
The best thing to happens in the face of the Earth? Guile...for...PRESIDENT!
Howdy y'all!
Flash kick
Are you a bad enough dude to rescue the president?
Hey Everlasting_Joy! :)
VenHur96 I think I rather vote for haggar, he piledrived a shark!
hai Everlasting_Joy
13second best thing to happen on the internet? dcd is wearing shoe hats again?
Howdy Ponies47 and Jim!
Everlasting_Joy: Dude! Didn't you realized what you just MISSED?! A STREET FIGHTER ANIME!
09,01no this is better than shoes on head
VenHur96: I'm catching part of it, aren't I?
Dken2021: true but zangief piledrived a russian grizzly bear in a blizzard
well Shizuka im wearing a headphone fedora right now...so yeah
09,01that's kind of an habit of Zangief so
I'm wearing shoes on my shoes :P
Everlasting_Joy: Yup, we're getting to an episode with Chun Li.
NewDCD: get Chun-Li's theme ready lol
Sonic, BOOM!
lol
is the stream over yet? what time will the stream be over?
I hoped Capcom has the time to make a Street Fighter IV Anime...
:[
13never
Idk?
13it never ends
13stream
XD
13FOREVERRR
6_9 what?
Yes! Yes!
FOREEEEEEEVVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRr
hopefully we get to see ryu use shin shoryuken on sagat
Quit scaring me :'(
OF COURSE!
^
pony_5844: sorry i wont scare u
:D
I wonder if Nostalgia Critic has seen this yet...
Brohoof anyone /)
Has someone made a "Guile's theme" joke yet?
pony_5844: now who was scaring i should throw a hadoken there way
pony_5844: (\ brohook
Everlasting_joy: you missed five minute of continuous guile theme joke earlier =P
hoof*
XD
yeah otherwise that be punching you then
Tassadork: Arrrrgh!
yarghh /^) brohook
What are we watching!!?!?!?!
dat amex
never leave home without it
pony_5844: street fighter anime
this anime has nothing on the Tekken anime. I don't see even a single boxing kangaroo.
ok
tekken = eyebrows right? :)
*spitting coffee*
20k per night
why is ryu so tan
dayum
Swanky lol
Someone wheer around july doesnt Mlp episodes come out
...Ladies and Gentlecolts, we has found something MUCH worse than Batman's Bat Credit Card...
:S
i think it was supposed to be september
09,01Jet lag supposedly causes permanet although not very noticeable brain damage
I can't wait tth long
and now we'll break all the nice things
09,01so it lowers your intelligence a little bit
there is, so far, no word on when season 3 starts.
pony_5844 I think season 3 comes around in the fall
pony_5844: try dealing with that stuff during deployments
:P
and now... strip
how does it lower your intelligence? wat
09,01SO MUCH HOMO
it could be this month, could be september, could be next year.
Dken2021: :D.
lol
oh dear
dat ass
OHMAH GOD
o__o
WTF
Oh mai
dat kick
DAT ASSSSSSSSSSSS
XD
DAT PLOT
You guys :).
o_o
:S'
DAT MAN ASSSS! D:
09,01ALL OF THE HOMO
you know
Dat Everlasting_Joy.
RAWRity: you dont say that
am i watching a gay anime?
buts! yay!
Hiyo Everlasting_Joy
To the PlotMobile! Dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun!
Howdy Ninjazz and SolairePony89!
lali-ho Everlasting_Joy
I notice how all the GUYS noticed and commented on Kens ass
^_^
Howdy Dken2021!
chun li is a pretty lady
RyunosukeKnT: It had to be done.
lol
Ryunosuke: It's a nice ass
Lol
Hello Nurrrse!
RyunosukeKnT: yes and?
15?
15
God damn those thighs
Sexy!
LOL NO WAI
just saying :)
HatchetRyda: What about ass?
15??
15? really young
:D
da fuk 15?
Wait...15!?
Jail bait
and now there both hot damn...15?!?!?
lol
Wait I'm 16 only
15....oh japan why
Bullshit a 15 year old doesnt have those kind of thighs
Mother of GOD she's short and they're tall!
09,01in this continuity Ryu and Ken are 17
15? 15?! Freakin' 15?! WHAAAT?!
AttackWithHugs: just was surprise that all...Ken ass outta no where
She looks 20!
well...thats a little better NewDCD...only a little though
Spade-Magnes[R]: have you played ssf4 here thighs are freaking huge
And they look 25!
HatchetRyda: I saw no Ken ass
thats legal there right ?
15?
THESE PEOPLE NEVER HEARD OF SCHOOL!? NO bucking wonder
Ohh Japan, you and your sillyness...
Dat wasitline
AttackWithHugs: u missed it lol
Vordox ken's too rich fro school
hey guys
HatchetRyda: Is that good?
Oh for...
09,01your pilot today is Tyler Durden
Why can't we be more like them...?
lali-ho ThePonyLover !
and random flexing?
AttackWithHugs: idk
09,01welcome to Street Fighter Club
Hi, everypony. Okay, what version of SF is this?
09,01SF II V
rule one of street fighter club...you dont talk about it
*sigh* I wished we were Street Fighters...
inb4 crash and burn :P
hey Kencolt
VenHur96: because humans that can afford a hotel that is 20,000 dollars a NIGHT are crazy
rule two of street fighter club you dont talk about it
whats she saying?
sup bronies! I'm back
WB kidzrul434.
hai kidzrul434
why wish you were street fighiter why not wish you were a pony XD
superretroworld: this helicopter is very loud
and rule three of street fighter club, if it's your first time you need to fight
oh god ass
Tassadork: :D
Quick_Thinker: it's true i'd rather be a pony than a street fighter
i'd tell you about the movie but that would be spoiling :P
and rule four of street fighter club, Bronys only
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/funny-facebook-fails-why-churches-dont-use-electricity-or-magnets.png
Hai Kidzrul434....We're watching Street Fighter II, The Anime, Based On the Hit Video Game...I thinked that's the official title.
she's pretty ditzy for a interpol agent
Kenboneboss: idk that seems to be restriced for others who want to join maybe bronies just get vip access
09,01she's not an Interpol agent in this continuity
/me puts on ◥▶◀◤
yay
Lol
Ken swag, also works on men lol
lolz the tv series
^
ken masters is the definition of swag
How many different Street Fighter animations were there-- I can't remember, but at least three...
the Street Fighter 4 OVAs are pretty damn cool
Old cell phones :).
too many.. i got sick and tired of Syfy playing them
Wait...there's Street Fighter 4 OVAs?!
yes
Why has I not heard?!
09,01I prefer the Juri Han OVA
i have 2 of them downloaded
...I pity myself.
09,01cause Cammy was central to the plot and did quite well
hey. This is... Street Fighter 2
flutter_spin: Eeyup.
cammy is under used as a character
09,01compare to how she got her butt handed to her in The Ties that Bind (ELECTRO-TITTY)
09,01And well
09,01Cammy is my main
Where the heck did that Polydunami fellow go?
Weren't there two different versions of Street Fighter 2?
Oh wait
Ah, Cammy
i main cammy too
flutter_spin there's too many to count
lol, ok Dken2021
Hmm... a Street Fighter anime?
yep
Yup.
ironic how we bronies are all about love and tolerate and here we are wathcing street fighter
THAT GUY IS HUUUUUUGE!
Ken got rejected...lol
doesn't Vega come in around here?
ad GTFO:[
cyber_pony13 well it's just a phrase, not all of us take it to heart
Vega?
i'd rather watch sailor moon
HatchetRyda: what guy
Hello everypon3
with my finger gun
Howdy legacyofvrak.
aka Clawman
cyber_pony13: How is that ironic?
I loves the art direction...so dark...
sorry everypony im gack
09,01you're Gackt?
09,01OH SNAP
cyber_pony13: hi gack
AttackWithHugs: the guy in the ring....are you even watching the stream?
09,01can you lend me money, Camui-san
whoa
HatchetRyda: yeah...somewhat.
Round 1, FIGHT!
SolairePony89: i guess mainly because we are at the part were they just want to fight only
THE END
cyber_pony13: Ah
owned
down in one hit, how pathetic
ah cant see vid
chun li: yowza!
ehhhh
...Wow...that's...I'm sorry folks, but it's seemed like Ryu was so bucking amazing in the ring...I promote him to Guile...Junior...yeah...
should stream Street Fighter: Legacy after this
YOU LAUGH TOO MUCH CHUN LI!
AttackWithHugs: lol why u no watch?
I like excited Chun Li
dat money
09,01>Damnd
lol
HatchetRyda: Multitaskin'
09,01dat Final Fight reference
Chun Li is all about the money
what?
Me like hyperactive Chun Li.
So what, does Chun Li get her own fighting screentime or what?
NewDCD: Hmm?
09,01Damnd is a Final Fight character
if only mike haggar was here
Late Connection
Well, she always wanted to be just an ordinary girl.
Dken2021: :D
09,01remember Final Fight and Street Fighter have shared continuities
doesnt ken have blonde hair?
wait a second
that sagat
damudo
Today was the birthday of my grandmother
Sagat?
Sagat! BUCK YEAH!
O_O
watch out for his kick
at least he has the scars of sagat,
legacyofvrak that's nice to hear
legacyofvrak: happy brithday to your grandmother
Bob Saget? What the heck?
Are we watching the same show?
O_O
legacyofvrak: Happy birthday to your grandmother
thanks
lol
bromance
AttackWithHugs: Thank you
legacyofvrak: You're welcome
09,01Chun-Li: OH NOES MY MONEY
bitchslap!
So which version is this one?
GNIGHT EVERYPONY and as always MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU ALL AND PIERCE THE HEAVENS WITH YOUR SPIRIT
use shoryuken ryu
night Bronysith
Shit gone real!
may the force be with you too Bronysith
night Bronysith
Bronysith: gn
lol
Night Bronysith
group hug
Meanwhile I keep working with my house in Minecraft (Creative Mode)
ohhhhhhh
OW
bonked
CHEAP SHOT
MY EYES
Dual palmed the ears.... crap
WOAH flashy lights
the back cracker
HEADPLANT!
isn't that like .. Guile's move
legacyofvrak: lol im trying to work on my animation right now but this video with the bronies is just to awesome
HOOOOOKAY
street fight, anything goes, even weird fireball thingies
k.o. super combo
damn
Dat music
Mr. Damned? That's not a nice name.
Chun Li Time
Mr Krabs "Not the money!"
cyber_pony13: IKR... I'm trying to work on some code right now...
"my money" XD
the Street Fighter: Alpha ones were good too
will there be a spinning bird kick
Got disconnected from the server lol
no.........not the money
Is that chat frozen for anyone?
Nope.
Chun Li finally looses at Monopoly
AttackWithHugs: no
cyber_pony13: Hm...
cyber_pony13: Then good luck with that animation ;)
of course the original Street Fighter animated movie is a classic
AttackWithHugs: awwww
AttackWithHugs, the chat seemed to freeze for me earlier today. I had to reconnect.
lol, the movie...
Nevermind, it's working. Had to refresh it.
Um, the Bronycon stream is back.
Dat cliffhanger.
Yeah I remember this. This anime series ruled
legacyofvrak: thank you im getting started but plan to actually work a series out
oh snap here we go
Themes for everyone
lol
Woot dat song?
badass time
there like cheech and chong, getting money illegally
dat classic Windows Media Player xD
:)
legacyofvrak: as well as ponify myself
I hates Sagat design, aside the scars, it's looked nothing alike...
VenHur96 it's not sagat
yeah. Its not 'quite' him
VenHur96: that wasnt sagat
Oh...
My bad.
well if you shave him, and lose the stache
i didnt think that was him lol
09,01Ryu and Sagat meet later in the series
I'm not too pleased with Chun Li's personality. Isn't she supposed to be a fighter?
I ponified my self five months ago cyber_pony13
ehhh Chun Li gets bad later on :P
Then again, I know next to nothing about Street Fighter
And Ryu learns the fireball technique WAY later too
legacyofvrak: did you use pony creator or you made your own work
Except Ryu, Ken, Cammy, Chun Li, Guile...
She gets worse? Oh boy..I thinks the Chun Li's fans won't like the later episodes...
Everything is syncing up pretty well with the music.
09,01DAT FLAWLESS TRANSITION
critical!
K.O.!
Nope, I used General's Zoi Pony creator, cyber_pony13
Impeccable timing, sir!
Ryu Win!
I just remember the anime series being really really long
It's 18 degrees here in Vancouver
Hello everypony!
And made myself a PONEEEEEEE version
hai MusicalPony
Howdy MusicalPony.
... that's about 66-67 degrees to you fellows.
im back
legacyofvrak: i see i saw that too and im going to use that but add some of my other ideas to it to fully customize myself
Hey MusicalPony! :)
But what do I know? It must have been like what .. 10years ago?
its fucking 100 degrees here
09,01last episode for the night coming up
Dat cliffhanger.
man it's been hot lately
yep. 110 here
does anypony have ant of the MLP episodes downloaded for all to watch
NewDCD you should stream the movies and OVAs sometime
it's been cloudless for three days
you just got ponified :D
narrator: spoiler alert, jeez
cyber_pony13: I only used Paint to make me my original T-shirt, Im veeeery poor :D
Dken2021: ITS A TRAP
Dat music.
Sounds like just about everyone is in a bad heat wave :(
Its called Youtube.
not the live action ones, the animated ones
cyber_pony13 I only have secret of my excess
My god, you guys are living in a DESERT.
cyber_pony13: And I have Windows Proffesional XP
It was hot here in Mexico...
dat miniskirt
legacyofvrak: sorry to here that so i would use that to make cutie mark
105 degrees here
Everlasting_Joy: The grass overwhere is dying from lack of water
09,01talk about a sore loser
Dken2021: well it a good ep
To us of Celsius persuasion, that's fifty degrees, appledash6
Everlasting_Joy: Yeah. It's so bad. Fireworks are BANNED in Wisconsin this year. EVEN SPARKLERS! :(
Haven't it rain in 2 weeks or so
Last episode for tonight? Works for me.
ohmycelestia
i need to download some of the episodes today
I'm sure the people living in the desert are better living than us
SolairePony89: It isn't fairing much better over hear, and that's because we have been watering the lawn.
I just love how Ryu and Ken go so well together in the series... as bros I mean
cyber_pony13: I used it and fitted almost perfectly... Is a cutiemark with a Soul Reaver (From Legacy Of Kain)
Ponies47, my heart goes out to you.
Ponies47: :(, and you guys don't have stupid restrictions on them like we do in Minnesota.
Legacy is the only good live action Street Fighter and it is barely over 3 minutes long
Oh my
105 F is 41C. which is unreal
:O
Get another one!
legacyofvrak: nice so program u use again to draw cutie mark
Kandarihu: thanks :(
Ugh, I fudged my arithmetic :S
/me is away: I'm off doing other things; most likely sleeping or eating.
Everlasting_Joy: Well that sucks :(
AttackWithHugs: some time last week lol
light on the clock? ... would seeing the clock alone help?
everypony here i personally think is awesome :) just because their a brony :3
Cya then NappyGunny
Ponies47: To be fair, we can light off fireworks, but they aren't as good as yours.
Ponies47 wow that sucks, what about 4th of july?
HatchetRyda: Really? It seems like 2 weeks ago.
8,6but Everlasting_Joy, everyone just drives across the state line for fireworks anyways
did SB disapear?
Television, Dken2021 :S
Everlasting_Joy: Meh. We has limits as well
kirzstryfe: True, true.
Polydunami!
Dken2021: idk :(
Oh hey LucidDream
Polydunami it's not the same :(
AttackWithHugs: mom said last week but i could check weather channle and find out
I was in the bathroom, What I've missed?
https://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/401777_486028961423125_232264891_n.jpg
I look outside my window for mine. They have a fireworks night display like a quarter of a mile away.
HatchetRyda: Cool.
8,6was up in MN last week for vacation, so very boring
Ponies47: I didn't say you could get military grade stuff, but they're better then here.
suddenly shizukas
kirzstryfe: :(, I'm sorry you feel that way.
Everlasting_Joy: ah I see
DeadpoolDash: whuut?
13where
So, did they just name Dr Whooves "Time Turner" or have I been not paying attension?
there
on the stream :)
IIRC, it's illegal for people to buy fireworks in Georgia. That's why there are Fireworks shops on the southern border of Tennessee. So that Georgians can cross state lines and get their fireworks.
new fan project
wut? Dr. Whooves got named?
LucidDream yea, that's what it says on the trading cards
Is that a real movie poster? If so, UGH! RYU! WHAT THEY HAS DONED TO YOU?!
yeah
You guys celebrate on Wednesday, right?
kirzstryfe: I'm in Michigan right now. SO BOOOOORED!
tch-tch
it's ryu as interpreted by tim burton
Yup. Dr Whooves' official name is Time Turner. Octavia's name is now canon as well.
13Kandarihu: same in minnesota... if you follow I-94 east into wisconsin, the two signs you will see the most at exits are CHEESE and FIREWORKS
Polydunami: Yeah, it's Wednesday
I should check the bronycon summary
dat face
13thing is we have trees and people are stupid and set off the big booms in forested areas... it's no wonder they're illegal
The Dark Stalkers series and OVAs are neat too
Oh my
Tim Burton's making a Street Fighter movie?! LE GASP!
I guess hasbro didn't want to conflic with BBC :/
....I'm fine with it.
Dr whooves is a way better name IMO
Cheese and fireworks are best combo
Shizuka: HEY! We all don't grow dairy products in Wisconsin! :d
It's crazy: my country celebrates its independence TOMORROW.
must...stay..awake
VenHur96: not actually, but it lkinda ooks like it
8,6then you're in the wrong state Ponies47 :p
LucidDream: And a nice little gateway for Hasbro to get possibly sued.
CHOOOOOOO
13but seriously it's like every second exit all the way to madison is a giant sign that says CHEESE
Sad Panda
im watching mega python vs. gatoroid is it a good movie6_9
Shizuka: Wow
I could go for some cheese, especially mozzerela
Let's see... on Polydunami's schedule on celebrating Canada Day... give blood at 11:30am.
Shizuka, need to sneak cheese across the border?
Kind of ironic, since Dr Who refferences pop culture all the time
Shizuka: There's a joke in there somewhere.
Earlier this evening, someone a street away from me was shooting off fireworks that could be seen from behind the trees.
whos dr who?
09,01DEM CHINAMEN CAN FLY
here is the guy making the movie poster movie http://vitorugo.com/index.html
LucidDream: But it is as you said earlier, avoid a conflict with BBC.
09,01FLYLNG
/) much respect for donating blood Polydunami
ah!:O
*facehoof*
FLYLNG!
superretroworld a poplular sci-fi- series in the UK
dat baby magneto
Shizuka I-95 in FL is Oranges and Fireworks =p
Super awesome Dken2021
Doctor Who is the guy that's Doctor Whooves originated...he's that guy that made the TARDIS.
Well, d3rb, my blood type is O Negative. So my blood is kind of important :3
kirzstryfe: I got dragged into it. I had to spend 7 hours in the car with 6 other poeple we have done nothing yet and I'm bored. Then we will be driving the 7 hours back on Monday. We make pit stops from time to time, I'm thinking about singing the MLP theme in public or just playing an MLP song really loud :P
made the TARDIS?
Dken2021: oh yeah i remember that show, i thought you they meant a character
Idk what my blood type is though...hmm.
more like stole... right?
AttackWithHugs: but just a little
HatchetRyda: That's Georgetown. Look up the one for Columbia.
superretroworld ah, would be funny if there was someone named that
i wouldnt have a clue what mine is, still very noble cause that not enough people contribute too Polydunami
http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/081e66ac46966a38b4586f2de889d45e/120293%20-%20animated%20Doctor_Whooves%20hourglass%20spike.gif
This pony
...this feels like Double Dragon...
/me now wants to play street fighter 2
AttackWithHugs: k honey
09,01play IV instea
dat Tatsumakisenpyuuakku
Doctor Whooves is best pony
09,01or at least Super Turbo
^
Yoga Teleportin' FTW
It isn't...This is Street Fighter II, The Anime, The Game....
Ponies47: play it and i bet you somebody else will be singing to it
I recommend Street Fighter 2 EX + Alpha
Bad bugs get fixed. Good bugs get assets.
play Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3 for the funs
ay
superretroworld: hmmm. I'll have to see about that. 1 In 4 poeple are bronies after all :)
You know, I've been watching Doctor Who from the beginning over the last few days. For the first time.
beginning as in 1960s or 2005?
running!
Polydunami: the very beginning?
They sees the liiigght!
nothing yes government for watch john random words
Ponies47: arent there 6 ppl you said?
Yeah, the very beginning with William Hartnell and all.
Creepy laughing is creepy...
more running!
Polydunami: any good?
I hope to do that some time Polydunami
the joker is here
The anime is laughing at you
Oh no! Zombie Canadians!
I think they went into Final fight territory
hee hee
it's the casey jones posse
freaky
Those hockey masks protect a lot of pressure points.
I was less than impressed by "The Edge of Destruction" two-episode serial, but it was still good.
they arent very scary
Look out! It's the Canada Zombies!
It's a hockey team!
Puck-fu?
ATATATATATATATATATAT
ATATATATAT
doesnt that hurt ken?
Puck-Fu, bitches!
Dat calmness.
r they mexican:P
Polydunami, just wait till the 3rd
oh no! our pucks areuseless! retreat!
where are they getting all these pucks from
I gotta restart my computer before the virus scan starts.
lolol. swatting hockey pucks... I think the animators may never have held one before
noname: They were stored in their asses, obviousy
yeah, where the puck are all those pucks coming from?
I didn't say I hated it, GabeMoist. I very much like the First Doctor's character.
They should just puck off already.
they had pucks stashed all across the city, in case of puck emergency
Polydunami, I like the 1st doctor as well, but the 3rd is my favorite
They just got knocked the puck out
Kencolt: they're so pucking weak
you have let me down canadians :|
They sees the liiiggghtt!
superretroworld: 6 other. But without adults it's 4 other. My brother who is one of them has made my step brother into a anti-brony. My step brother sent me this really mean picture of Fluttershy all beaten up and he keeps saying bronies must and they will die. :(
http://i.imgur.com/sjiR2.gif
Well, that's kind of their weapon of choice. They probably kept a lot of pucks on their outfits.
Polydunami: Your step brother sounds like a nice guy
09,01ohai Final Fight nomenclature
typical goons
Sodom...
Commora
XD
Er... that was meant for Ponies47 :P
buff
09,01DERPYKEN
USE FIRE AND BRIMSTONE ATTACK
Ponies47: Have you tried the "How can you judge something without finding out about it yourself" defense?
dey on drugz
... I got nothing to say about those two
Yep, I knew it was a failping SolairePony89 xD
SolairePony89: I hate his guts
Sodom & Gomorrah? Must be the heroes.
what am I watching
/me peeks into chat
sodom..
Hi SaxyJanitor
oh hai SaxyJanitor
littlepip: Street Fighter II: The Anime.
/me dusts SaxyJanitor
ohai SaxyJanitor
HatchetRyda: Dayum. That sounds about right up here.
yes give the man a reality check as you punch SPARKLES
Ohh thanks!
ATTATATATATAT
AttackWithHugs: lol
Ponies47: I dont blame you when it comes to his attitude. With that much hate, it'll take a lot in order for an bit of reason to pierce him
0,14so guess who has returned from Bronycon
syeah syeah syeah!
Ponies47: two anti bronies for 7 hours, that sucks, and how dare they show that about fluttershy, it should of been discord
0,14>atatata
SaxyJanitor: me?
Two guys called Sodom and Gomorrah. So this time _I_ will be the one to baselessly presume them to be perverts?
SaxyJanitor, not me ;___;
SaxyJanitor: not you
You lucky dog SaxyJanitor
BANG, RIGHT TO THE FACE! Hahahaha!
OH COME ON
SaxyJanitor: No you?
TOO easy
Since the Marco Polo episodes are missing, I've been going through the transcripts instead.
8,6now everyone, congratulate SaxyJanitor, he found a date for bronycon http://i.imgur.com/kp5xO.jpg
AttackWithHugs: but yea, there ya go cutie
kirzstryfe: neato
Oh mai
kirzstryfe: Daaaaaaaamn
SaxeJanitor: Welcome back
kirzstryfe: good for him lol
I can't see that, kirzstryfe. I need my glasses.
kirzstryfe: pic won't load for me.
Dat Twilight
kirzstryfe: image doesnt work for me
SaxyJanitor: moop and congrats..
uh... llucky SaxyJanitor
That poor lucky bastard...
congrats, SaxyJanitor
She has very large... tracts of land.
NewDCD Haven't seen you here for a while.
dat twilight SaxyJanitor
and now everyone is jelly of SaxyJanitor ~
She has a nice smarty pants doll too
woah, check oout those curtains, all the way to the floor
AttackWithHugs: He has watched the show. He watched the whole first part of thr first episode and about 1/2 of the second. When he sent me that picture I said 'If you don't like MLP why are you looking at pictures' so I thought he was becoming one but no he's just anthor hater. Now my brother and step brother are depressing the (squee) outta me :(
can somebody post the pic again? won't load for me for some reason.
But nevertheless, Congrats SaxyJanitor! :)
Dat timing
her eyes do look a little creppy lol
wait what seaxyjanitor do
RAWRity: http://i.imgur.com/kp5xO.jpg
buck, still won't load for me.
RAWRity is in denial
and I'll see ya later, glad you guys at bronycon had fun
Ponies47: maybe there jealous of there friendship or something
Okay, going to read more transcripts of missing Doctor Who episodes.
SaxyJanitor: You better watch out for her horn, it looks very unsterile. :P
See ya Dken2021
Imgur isn't working either.
has anyone read Why am I Pinkie Pie!? yet?
if RAWRity pretends he didn't see it, he doesn't need to be jelly
GabeMoist: I'd actually like to see it.
well now i wish i was in states now
Fei long!
Fei Long....that name...
superretroworld: hmm idk. But I'll I know is there both (squee)holes :
:|
I wished I could of gotten to Bronycom...but I could'nt... *sigh* There's always next year...
whats on the stream right now?
*mumble mumble*
VenHur96: Same :(
Ponies47: Next tiem they badtalk the show, get some noise-cancelling headphones, plug it in your player of choice and block it all out with sweet pony music
MusicalPony: Street Fightter Anime
MusicalPony, Street Fighter II V
ah.
Some kind of Street Fighter anime, by the looks of it.
ty SolairePony89 and Kandarihu
Ponies47: Don't let it get to you, it'll just make you miserable.
13tf2 time?
13tf2 time
indeed
Alright. I have 15 minutes to restart my computer.
13let's see if the item servers screw up tonight
tf3 tiem moar liek
cyber_pony13: Actually, i'm in Mexico...that's makes everything worse for me...
Shizuka: hopefully it works this time lol
AttackWithHugs: I listened to pony music the whole 7 hours to Michigan. But I keept getting bugged by all the texts I keept getting :|
... Yep. I'm going back to read some transcripts. I'm one ping away.
VenHur96: maybe but you're not in japan like how i am
Shizuka: they were working fine for me eailer
09,01well that's it for me tonight
09,01night folks
night, NewDCD
G'night DCD
thanks for stream NewDCD
Night NewDCD
AttackWithHugs: I've been trying to but there going to far. :(
I'm going to take off as well, night NewDCD!
Shizuka: they should be ok now :|
Good night, perhaps.
Team Fortress 2 Time! Woot!
13bots are terrible at gravelpit or else i'd suggest we do that.. i think it's the only map we haven't done to death yet
grah, finally got it to work on IE of all things. Congrats to Saxy!
poni
/me hugs Everlasting_Joy goodnight
NewDCD: thanks for the stream
http://ask-thecrusaders.tumblr.com/post/26251269601/meeting-lauren-faust-tara-strong-and-john-de
Night NewDCD, thanks for the stream
/me hugs SolairePony89 :).
Goddamn that italian is so goddamn lucky
goal for now, try to find where i can download pony episodes to stream for others
0,14mfw people think i actually got a date
RAWRity: IE isn't nearly as bad as people say it is
saxy, just go with it man :D
Ponies47: Next time they start talking about something they like, do the same thing they're doing to you. See how they like it
SolairePony89: it's actually worse.
I hope Irish_Pony is doing alright... :S
save for in extremely specific circumstances
SaxyJanitor, close than any of us
RAWRity: I've had Chrome fuck up on me waaaay more times then IE
Polydunami: I talked to him earlier, he was fine
weeee
*closer
Thanks goodness
*thank :S
brb
Saxy got a date? Aw, tough break man. You should've asked if they had other fruit available.
/me hugs Ponies47 "it'll be ok, we are here for ya"
AttackWithHugs: Sounds like I good idea. They play Call Of Duty way to much. Could make fun of em for that. Also there trying to push me around so I'm just ignoring em. Good thing I got Earbuds on :)
0,14ba dum psh
I'll be here all night. Literally.
13we haven't done steel yet..
Ponies47: Just blast music if you have to go around them, whether it's pony or not.
I'm just going to say this right now: this will be an early night for Polydunami.
ijnhjbhuijbnjkiujnjuijnuhbhijbnijnlmkh
/me Hugs HatchetRyda back 'Thank you. I needed a hug'
Shizuka: sounds neat..
smoshh
13they kind of understand hydro
You'll be seeing this in your nightmares: http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/s720x720/483144_249184048527109_1737139547_n.jpg
Saxy, why weren't you wearing the Jacket of Swag
Shizuka: not hydro...WE dont even understand that much
Wait, TF2 is coming on?<3
AttackWithHugs: I'm liking your ideas :)
0,14I thought it was going to be too hot
RAWRity: Seems legit
0,14so no jacket
RAWRity: he ruined Avatar :'(
Yup.
RAWRity, wat
RAWRity: Aman in a Twilight Sparkle apron?
... Freakin cutiemarks.... freaking hard too draw...
Ponies47: she has so good ones lol *another hug*
13ja i've played once or twice with bots on hydro, the last point is impossible against RED
0,14but then ac was too cold, so I'm equipped the jacket tomorrow
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: they're easy :)
*some
Y AMON WEAR DAT?
RAWRity, AMON?
RAWRity: ooh amon. I wanted to like Korra so much...
13gorge?
13A/D
Shizuka: yes eys yes
Speaking of, I seen Meet The Pyro today...I laughed out loud...
Amon should've challenged Korra to a Space Jam
AMON WHAT ARE YOU DOING THERE?!?!?
amon during maid hour? :)
Shizuka: play doomsday lol
Ponies47: That's what I do when someone trash talks something I like. Just earbuds in and gone. That's why I try to keep a pair on me
HatchetRyda: we played that to death already..
/me Hugs HatchetRyda back
13bots don't understand doomsday
damnit whered mah fedora go
13and i doubt they'll be updated to, it's similar to payload race in complexity
FOUND IT
Shamroc: oh, sorry lol
AttackWithHugs: Nicce. Good thing I got em. I do have sound proof headphones but I gotta fix em first.
and now, RarityxFancyPants shipping IRL: http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc7/s720x720/396843_379557765432923_1980888909_n.jpg
Ponies47: Buy an extra pair just in case.
...I hate Space Jam, for me...it's was...kind of...enjoyable, but Looney Tunes...ain't as looney as they're supposed to be, Lola is just a Mary Sue, and Michael doesn't do much...
RAWRity: O_O
that rarity....
urgh
AttackWithHugs: Good idea :)
anypony know where i could download episodes
13note to self... changelevel is broken entirely for the initial map change
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=arH3od_2xIg&feature=related
AttackWithHugs: awww you so helpful honey *pulls her and Ponies47 into big hu*
/me hugs Ponies47
*hug
cyber_pony13: dunno. I'm guessing the words "my little pony torrent" in google will get you there
damnit
CORN OOOOOON THE COOOOOOOOOOB
/me Hugs HatchetRyda and AttackWithHugs
CORN OOOOOOOOON THE KABOOOOOOOB
13server is live, connect haruko.vortalcord.net
true but torrents may have traps
This is why I wub you guys. You guys are always so friendly and helpful :)
cyber_pony13, hold on
and then, best vinvyl scratch cosplay: http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc6/246547_379693605419339_29552243_n.jpg
RAWRity: Omfg!!! O.O
0,14oh yeah
Ponies47: Of course! I don't like seeing one of my friends sad
0,14saw that
corn on a cob
RAWRity::O
AttackWithHugs: Same here :)
is the stream over yet? what time will the stream be over?
RAWRity: Awesomesauce. Also, dat CMC cape
Ponies47: and i try and help her with helping her friends not be sad lol
cyber_pony13: usually the studios only roll out false torrents for big new releases, highly doubt MLP warrants it. but you never know, could get your IP recorded
HOW'D THEY GET DAT COSTUME??? I WANT :(
I commend the person who wore that in the middle of New York in JUNE.
NJ
RAWRity: Saw that on stream. It was pretty good looking actually.
fucker must've been hot as satan's daddy sack.
RAWRity: They have balls/tits of steel
HatchetRyda: I don't like seeing other ponies sad.
AttackWithHugs: lol
Lone_Lycan: The only frormal, which is to say scheduled, stream is Brony Movie Night. Anything else is whatever a mod decides to put up, and be awrned-- I do mean anything.
Is that counted as a furry cosplay (suiter) ?
/me hugs RaveBrony
Ponies47: cant stand that either...very emotional person so it gets to me XD
now for some VinylxTavi: http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/531481_10151128234665802_1967337516_n.jpg
Ive been in a furry suit before it is WAY to damn hot in them!! :D I dont know HOW my friend stands it
cyber_pony13: alternate method, get a plugin like this one foe firefox: http://derpy.me/abwT7, find HD pony videos on youtube
Those pants!
I've never been in a furry suit...
HatchetRyda: Same here
...Ok, OKAY!
kencolt i'm just askin cuz bronystate's site kills my browser and i like linking stuff in irc and don't wanna be fussed at for linking a vid during a stream....
so i ask again
Ponies47: Same
is the stream over yet? what time will the stream be over?
I did been in a Clifford outfit for halloween as a toddler, but that's it...really...that's...it.
RAWRity: Classy as fuck
This is pretty cool, save for it thinking Vinyl would use a mac: http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/s720x720/483196_379544338767599_1060177548_n.jpg
Lone_Lycan: It ended a few minutes ago. No idea how long it'll take for someone else to start streaming, though
I see the stream has ended
Is that a....iMixer?!
AttackWithHugs: Yeah. I mean my brother and I we're fighting earlier today and my step brother keept trying to get into it as well which he did. So now I'm giving em the slient treatment :)
It's has the Apple logo...what's to call it...hmm...
RAWRity: 100/10, would bang.
AttackWithHugs: HEY lol
Oy NewDCD You still here?
Ponies47: If possible, silent treatment for life.
Not sure if hat, or really cool hair: http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc7/582553_132912853513076_2116512163_n.jpg
HatchetRyda: Have you seen that dude with the mixtable?
IF THAT WAS HAIR THAT WOULD BE COOL
RAWRity: Is it weird that the first thinmg I noticed was Tara?
RAWRity: guessing hat, that kid does not have the look to pull that off normally
AttackWithHugs: Maybe because my brother is such a jerk.
Why my hair can't be rainbow-y and epic?
AttackWithHugs: ok, i admit...i'd bang him too but thats not the point lol
oh hay, didnt even see tara on there for a second
shes a fairly attractive woman
Ingwaz: could be just a temp style for the con.
VenHur96: Because we were born in a world where genetics makes sense.
RAWRity: either way, he cant pull that off
there's lots of hair dye and stuff that can be washed out after a couple days.
HatchetRyda: see? common ground. Now shush and eat your oatmeal
Kencolt: CURSE YOU GENETICS!!!
VenHur96, CURSE YOU Link!!!
Ponies47: Heh, he's a jerk? Ignore them both and when/if they need your help with something, the rejection hammer shall rear its head
... Next time I play Ocarina of Time, I'm naming Link "GENETICS".
The Ponys with The BEATLES?! ...Mindblown.
and im back
HatchetRyda:WAZZAP
AttackWithHugs: Yeah. My brother is jerk treats me like garbeag, makes fun of me all of the time. My step brother who I only see once a year for a month has pissed me of so many times I've lost count
BLEACH TIME!!
*garbage
Ponies47: Has he been doing that before you were a brony?
AttackWithHugs: He's always have. He seems to be doing it more now since I became a brony.
Hey Bloodmane!
Ponies47: Have you tried reasoning or asking your parents to defend your sie?
Polydunami... My old friend. Hi.
/me hugs Polydunami
Ponies47: Wow...your brother's a jerk...I wished Chuck Norris hunt him down.
I've been distracted from Bronystate over the past few days, Bloodmane :S
Ponies47: One more kid not allowed on my lawn.
AttackWithHugs: Yes I have. My mother has told him to knock it off but he NEVER listens to my parents anymore
... Mainly by Doctor Who.
Why so, Polydunami? Although it's realyl good to see you again.
Ah.
That'd be a good reason. :D
VenHur96: I wish a football jockey would beat the everlasting crap outta him
Ponies47: Don't worry, it'll come back to him later. Karma is a bitch, after all.
Kencolt: wo O_O
Ponies47: So true... *sigh*
Karma? Bitch?
Ponies47: a football jock who is also a brony, just for irony lol
We talking about League of Legends?
At least my brother isn't like yours, he's cool.
Excuse me for a moment-- probably be back, nevrknow...
I've been going through from the very beginning in 1963.
Ponies47: No. You should get The Manliest Brony in the world to have a word to your brother.
AttackWithHugs: that should work
AttackWithHugs, what's his name again?
HatchetRyda: yeah :p
evening, everypony! :) How are we all tonight?
AttackWithHugs: Lol, I agree!
CrimsonPhoenix: Um...Dusty Something...gotta look it up
AttackWithHugs: Nice idea! :d
yeah Dusty
Polydunami: That is indeed a challenge.
Hi Sylandest! We just finished watching some Street Fighter II anime.
DustyKatt
hey again atta
hi
AttackWithHugs: hey again
DustyKatt
VenHur96: ahh, i see. Did it go well? :)
again :P
i had dinner
Sylandest: Eeyup.
Trouble is, some of the episodes are missing. Therefore I've taken to reading some transcripts of the missing episodes.
Ponies47: Let's see if your brother would DARE insult DustyKatt. Record the results.
Hello again, MusicalPony
0,14fun fact about DustKatt
Hey Sylandest ok I guess. My brother made my step brother into a anti-brony and now my step brother nad brother are depressing the (squee) outta me :(
0,14he donated some of his mustache hair for the auction
0,14went for $125
o__o
0,14*DustyKatt
AttackWithHugs: hmmmmmmm
SaxyJanitor: I saw that on the BronyCon stream. that's a real man
http://youtu.be/Z7eLljfC2eM
Would Meanwhile do the same? :S
Ponies47: sorry to hear that :(
Bloodmane: Maybe....
Sweetie_Belle: IKR :(
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lhif1x_d_AQ
AttackWithHugs: Damn good man if he does.
Bloodmane: Mmm-hmm
So were all pissed off at each other. So I'm giving em the silent treatment
Ponies47: No.....DustyKatt and Guile (if he was real and a brony) having a talk with your brother
DustyKatt is Chuck Norris and Guile's lovechild, mix into watching the manliest show on earth, took never ending supplies of steroid pills, and you get something even the neighberhood bullys fears.
...Or, he's just a Brony...I dunno.
AttackWithHugs: AH I see. My brother is such a jerk and he says I'm a (squee)hole NO! I'M NOT THE ONE WHO GETS PISSED OFF FOR NO REASON! :[
VenHur96, shouldn't there be a Jackie Chan in there?
VenHur96: Legit indeed
my bf says that since ive become a pegasister he thinks i changed somehow.. lol
Ponies47: Calm down man, you're letting it get to you
back
hello!
/me hugs Ponies47 to calm him down
well hello Big_Macintosh_1992
/me wishes he was here during the first streaming of "the last roundup"
quick check: is there anything on stream atm?
RAWRity: no
RAWRity: Noe
AttackWithHugs: *Takes a few deep breaths* Thank you. Trust me when I'm mad you should stay away ffrom me. :s
alright, so it's safe to post this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oOy7cJowbQs
0,14also, https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10151871027105571.878989.603775570&type=3&l=7340a9e767
FUCK YES THE NOSTALGIA
Big_Macintosh_1992: same, thats my favourite episode
Ponies47: noted
is anypony else listening to the everfree radio right now?
0,14full BronyCon picture album
0,14I really apologize for bad picture quality
0,14no idea what's with my camera
Ponies47: Calm down, go someplace where you KNOW you'll be alone, and cry it out
everfree radio?
/me Hugs HatchetRyda back
Ponies47: You're human, and humans cry.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, KANTO GYM LEADER?!
So is anyone going to stream?
Ponies47: thats what she told me lol
I would love to but alas I do not have that sort of power
AttackWithHugs: No place here. I don't cry that much. But I think I over do it with me rage sometimes. :s
those taken with the blitz on are a lot better
SaxyJanitor: Dat man twilight
Are you going to travel to ALL the regions in Black and White 2? Sorry if my information's incorrect.
Hi everypony
Hey Daring_Jones
hi Daring_Jones
good evening everypony
Ponies47: is this because of the ride tommrow with your brothers?
Ponies47: Remember...calm....callm...imagine, even if its just fora moment, a world in which your bro is accepting
'Ello Daring_Jones
night Lunar_Brony nice name btw
hey Daring_Jones
'Ello to you too Lunar_Brony
Chat derped, sorry.
superretroworld: No Monday
VenHur96: nope, B/W 2 is just Unova, but there's a world tournament mode that allows you to fight avaing past gym leaders and champions.
superretroworld thanks! I originally made it as an RP, but than I dropped the RP but kept the name cuz it's awesome
forgot about the "No RP" rule
i dropped the ball
/me whispers: "goodnight"
AttackWithHugs: Yeah right. Like that would ever happen. I've already lost all trust and hope in him. :|
Good night everypony
RAWRity: ...Oh my god, all the gym leaders? ALL of them?! ....BRING IT!
Lunar_Brony: what about the rp rule?
my chat derps all the time
g'nigt Jim
Nighty night Jim
VenHur96: YOU ARE NOT PREPARED
Night Jim :)
Ponies47: im sorry about that, stay strong, were here for you, and put on your music to ignore them
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NH4ENXnXNVE&feature=BFa&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ <3 so much love for this one
Ponies47: Well if you have any special occasions coming up in your life, don't invite him or don't tell him at all
i love this ef radio... its awesome
superretroworld I forgot about it when I changed my name from "Canadian_Brony" to "Lunar_Brony". At first, it was because I said Celestia banished me to the moon, but I had to drop that. I'm still using the name, but I'm not on the moon
superretroworld: Thanks guys, :) I am listening to music right now. I'm listening to Nightmare Night - [WoodenToaster + Mic The Microphone] WoodenToaster
seriously though, just HEARING an updated Kanto gym leader theme is enough to get me to buy B/W2
Ponies47 I'm listening to AcousticBrony's Pony Themes
AttackWithHugs: Yeah. I don't think I'm gonna invite him to my wedding nor is he gonna care.
Lunar_Brony: oh i didnt reconzige you were Canadian_Brony
Lunar_Brony: There's alwasy great pony music :)
Ponies47: congrats on your wedding, though (all bad things aside)
*always
also, if translastions of screenshots are to be believed, B/W2 will have it where, when 1 repel runs out, you can choose to immediately use another one instead of having to go into your inventory.
Ponies47: oh you're getting married? congrats
mepp
AttackWithHugs: Dude I'm only 14! I'M TALKING ABOUT IN THE FUTURE! :D
superretroworld that's OK. I still use Canadian_Brony from time to time, but I do prefer Lunar_Brony
Ponies47: oh whoops lol
HatchetRyda: It's ok :)
Ponies47: Lol I didn't know :D
AttackWithHugs: wheres... i forgot her name... F...?
8,6peole actually use Repels?
AttackWithHugs: It's fine :)
FairysHuff, MusicalPony?
AttackWithHugs: Fairysfuff!
XD
hi kirzstryfe
MusicalPony: She's gone.
kirzstryfe: if you're ever trying to get somewhere in a cave, you BETTER use a repel. otherwise you're bucked.
Hi!
AttackWithHugs: why? D:
evening SamanthaGirl159
http://youtu.be/l2X_D3ixlFI GIVE ME YOUR FRIENDCHIPS
Fucking Zubats
/me Has a very odd and random taste in music
MusicalPony: I don't know what time zone she's in so she's either working or in bed
13kiiiirz join us~
8,6if you can't bypass having to go through the cave, using a repel is just hurting your exp gain in the end
AttackWithHugs: aww but i missher :(
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/pokmon-to-much-epicness.jpg
Shizuka: I would. But I'm in Michigan. :P
8,6what am I joining?
MusicalPony: You might catch her tomorrow if she gets on daily
13tf2 silly~
AttackWithHugs: i wont be here tomorrow! oh, well maybe kinda... but not for long :(
Ponies47: Heh. Like I said, Karma will rear its head at your brother. It might not be now, but one day....
Shizuka is that the game where people go around killing others with rockets and miniguns?
8,6ok, I'll be on in a few minutes
y i can't fin a soarin' vector withou the flying suit ...
Ponies47: u aint the only one lol
I'm not a gamer girl
MusicalPony: How come?
SamanthaGirl159 yeah, probably
guys whats everfree radio?
AttackWithHugs: im leaving back home tomorrow
You know, that describes a heap of games, SamanthaGirl159
MusicalPony: Cool. Where are you coming from?
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/pokmon-stupid-sexy-bianca-attract.jpg
AttackWithHugs: Yeah. One day it's gonna happen and then he'll feal awful that he was such a jerk to me.
Really? I love gaming
Chicago, Illinois. haha then a 16 hour drive to Denver, Colorado
Polydunami sorry, but I'm not a Gamer-Girl and Ryan doesn't play many war games
oops..
HatchetRyda: So wait you live in Michigan?
AttackWithHugs: chicago IL and a 16 hour drive to Denver, CO
No worries, SamanthaGirl159, I don't play too many of those games myself.
MusicalPony: Oohhh
MusicalPony: Long drive 6_9
Ponies47: no no lol...what made you think that?
Ponies47: And that's how Karma works :D
Polydunami I couldn't f I wanted to. I'm on my Honeymoon
Also, RAWRity, my back is aching just LOOKING at that picture. And I'm a man xD
AttackWithHugs: yeah
SamanthaGirl159 congratulations!
i thin valthejean would ban me for drawing this pic lol
Ponies47: yeah definitely,
MusicalPony: Have you even driven that distance?
I'm a guy as well...
AttackWithHugs: maybe once before.. but not since then
Oh really? Congrats on the nuptials, SamanthaGirl159!
...Oh god, it's happening to me too!
MusicalPony: That has to be a tiring drive
AttackWithHugs: it will be...
HatchetRyda: Idk. You said your not the only one. I mean I'm 7 hours away from home, The drive to hear sucked because I had to sit in the same car with 6 other poeple for the whole trip and then I gotta do it agian on Monday :(
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/bx7qg5grpky_9vins7gw7a2.jpg
0,14is it CaraMac?
looks like my time here is getting cut short. Bye!
oh oops, i saw you said something about having a weird taste in music lol and thats what i responded to
Ponies47: 7 hours isnt a long walk :D
man my glasses are dirty
... maybe
bye SamanthaGirl159. Have fun on you honeymoon!
Ponies47: Books. Bring lots of books or puzzles and headphones. The puzzles or books should keep your mind busy
superretroworld: Y hours by car! :d
0,14would recommedn you never post it
Ponies47: ik, it was a joke :D
but... but ... is not explicit just romance at best ..
AttackWithHugs: I used my brother Iphone for the whole ride here. I just watched a couple of pony episodes and listened to a TON of pony music. :P
im waiting for Gamer_Luna to get on :(
i am music, and i write the songs
superretroworld: I know! :d
Charizard is so overrated...But I still loves it anyways...
lolwat: http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/483963_2245671638019_71369324_n.jpg
VenHur96: charizards lazy and he still gets the fame
also is the best one of my 9 drawings so far ..
Indeed, RAWRity.
Ponies47: Sweet /)
AttackWithHugs: (\
http://youtu.be/lhjk5x54bsE
^ yes
Sweetie_Belle: he left about 10 minutes ago
superretroworld: oh :(
AttackWithHugs: Yeah. At one point we we're at a pit stop so I said BUCK IT! and I watched ponies right there. Nobody noticed but hey maybe on the way back when I'm at a pit stop I'll blast a pony song :P
Yep, I'm getting distracted from Doctor Who.
superretroworld: she is also on around 11
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/26/j0xRidQ_i0iG9gxXvy3FFg2.jpg
Right, I'm only a ping away
no stream?
Ponies47: yea and then maybe they'll like it lol
they're dancing at bronycon now. lol
:D
HatchetRyda: Hey who knows. If I blast the theme song somebody might start singing along. 1 in 4 poeple are bronies after all :P
is there a bronycon live stream anywhere?
superretroworld: Scolipede needs more love... *sigh*
who?
Voltik is adorable
and i return
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5GRTrZZr5jg
Dang! I found those videos right before it hit EQD!
APS: yep. dat sum freaky
Literally just minutes apart!
I have been listening to pony music all day! I don't care I listen to more :P
Sumica slaughtering Kerblings always gives me a laugh
*cough* hi guys.
Morning everypony
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/25/yYDoAq_TnkCEdHnoRa27Ew2.jpg
http://youtu.be/-5jKuYOotsA
CrimsonPhoenix: The.....fuck...
i dont even know what there singing
SPIDERJACK
What... the ever loving buck is that
KILL IT WITH FIRE
now that I have your attention
http://youtu.be/lhjk5x54bsE
This video is awesome
he brings down the FIRE, from the SKIES
mystery skulls are awwwlright
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sSXb4jvcIHE
somebody just said they made lauren faust cry, awwww
CrimsonPhoenix: I hate you for posting that horifying Applejack mutant
WHAT
Oh wow Spade-Magnes[R]
11,02WUT
dat SuperBrony64
http://youtu.be/cakkDjbBKmg
11,02O.O
CrimsonPhoenix WTF first video...
Spiderjack?
tahts... odd
yeah
she cried twice
Spiderjack just needs a hug
LOOK AT MY PONY
/me pulls out his fly swatter
seriously though
http://youtu.be/lhjk5x54bsE
superretroworld: No surprise. She did say that she felt like a rock star while she was at the con.
this is awesome and I recommend you all to watch it
yeah, watching that one now
kinda sick
I'll bet people are telling her how much her work has done for them.
God this Spiderjack video is disturbing
and it loops...
CriticKitten: yeah, they also made tara strong really party too
Spade-Magnes[R], just click my latest link
SWEET CIDER
superretroworld: I'm guessing you watched Bronypalooza?
03OK yeah I definitely think the GPS won't update because I pirated maps last year
Ah. I didn't stick around to see it. Might watch it when it gets on Youtube to see Tara though :p
03tried using the OSX software since it's not "automatic" like Windows and has the same errors
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dntr19ANvO0 this has me mesmerized
same
How long has stream been down?
maybe 45 minutes?
Wow...
I've been busy the whole time, hard to remember exactly
If only I had powers
haha. right now the mod powers are malfunctioning, prince-lemon is the news bot
hey all
did anyone watch bronycon?
I watch what was interesting
Where was Gondor when there was no stream?
^
VA Panel, Lauren mostly
watching bronystate
0,14I was AT BronyCon :3
awesome Saxy
Ohai SaxyJanitor
SaxyJanitor: lies
o-o
Spade-Magnes[R]: we should have a lotr marathon here, before the hobbit
You pirated maps.
How.
xD
0,14Ingwaz, truth: https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10151871027105571.878989.603775570&type=1&l=7340a9e767
did you do the sing along
0,14what singalong?
SaxyJanitor: did you meet up with the other mods that went?
0,14yep
Admittingly I never saw any of the Lord of the Ring movies
SaxyJanitor was Ponies anthology 2 as awesome as the hype?
I just saw like a buncha bronies singing smile smile smile
0,14Anthology 2 is tomorrow
0,14will do my best to catch it
http://youtu.be/Un4xsX160I0
but yeah seeing Lauren cry was awesome
oh yeah july 1st
IS THAT RINA-CHAN
I was so happy for her
0,14yep, CrimsonPhoenix
I'm back. my jerk of a step brother closed me outta the Internet and then shut down the computer on me :|
0,14that is Rina-Chan in the Vinyl
THIS RAGE OF MINE BURN WITH AN OUTRAGEOUS POWER
SaxyJanitor: ahh, i've seen her before in some other stuff too. not a bad looking woman
what? someone made lauren cry? I think I better go to EqD
0,14if I can muster up the courage, I will commend her as her role as Marie in Skullgirls
SaxyJanitor: btw, to your comment about kazumi evans, tara strong is a pretty attractive woman as well
03isohunt
03they come on DVDs.
0,14eeyup
did ponies anthology 2 come out yet?
is stream down?
0,14superretroworld, that's tomorrow
03if you buy the lifetime updates, you have to use the site to do it
awsome, cant wait
03but for people without internet, or for older GPSes, you can just go to the store and buy the maps on a DVD
03that includes software to flash it
i got spinning loop no video
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L_IlsPypwZs
03so about a year ago, I pirated the ISO
its hot in topeka
03and I prolly deleted something you need
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WKCBn4l-uQ&list=PLA784D92868DE43CD&feature=mh_lolz
00,10So yeah.......that third picture from the end
Vulpor: stream is down,yes
ty sweetie
0,14oh man
8,6stream is not down, stream just isn't active, there's a difference :p
03>Emma Stone on SNL
/me hides
whoo
actor?
Sumica: .... giggity
Vulpor: I pick my toe in Topeka
oh god....I promised myself to never streamed again
but the urge is coming back to me....
03actress
0,14I get the feeling Sumica is just nodding in approval >.>
03who's in the new Spider-man movie
Oh
Sumica should do some more Kerblings we could use a laugh
03who also happens to be pretty hot :P
its 77 degrees farenhigt here :( and its night -_-
;D
I wonder if this next spiderman movie
will be better
1 second
instantly
03maybe since she's in it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wXFRLvzOEgU&feature=related
/me runs
HOLY BOOBY MOLY
first pony
wow lol
03o_O
Sumica: about a second for me
03"who's afraid of the big bad wolf" song in a Sears commercial
lmaO CrimsonPhoenix
Sumica: Not long. Not long at all
exactly
Sumica: she still needs some better support
someone poke Tom... I think he's faling asleep
00,10Hope she dont sneese, shell knock her self out and give a show.
bed soon
gonna go to NYC tomorrowwww <3
Sumica: although i do see a pinkie pie bottom right corner, any more pictures of her?
00,10dont know
03oh good lorfd this again
03"We're gonna make technology hump"
03where they basically shove two phones against each other
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
03SNL has some immature humor :|
oh god I need to get the full series of Foster's home
at anime cons, she goes as either Kurumu or uhh
thanks Tom
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b5ZjGdjz1k&feature=related
someone should stream fosters home for imaginary friends
^
^^^^^
^
03haha
hey guys have you heard of X-Pony it's LIKE X-COM BUT WITH PONIES :D
03Xbox controller says to an iPad "How much do you cost?" "More than you can afford"
MahBoi777: hey
03I really hope that was a jab at Apple :P
Quick_Thinker: ya dont say
hey Pinkies4thWall|Sick! u feelin bad?:S
Yay. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-J7O6GByvv4
yeah
0,14inb4 someone stream my BronyCon pics
Well, im going to bed before im overwhelmed with depression over not being able to go to BronyCon (when i live in NY).... Good night everypony!! Take care.... :'(
MahBoi777: been coughing all day
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACC3BuB7nNc
gnight RaveBrony! u take care:)
I'm wating the stream and...my god.
also, that yay song was made by an 11 year old
night RaveBrony and don't feel to sad
0,14awww, later RaveBrony ;___;
wee, i have a ghiglight~!
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: well I hope u get to feelin better
I was a Convention junkie when in Florida.... but now... :'( alright, behave yourselves!
what pony did watch the X-PONY VID?
stuff
inb4 MLP :P
no pony did well then here it is again http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACC3BuB7nNc
im going so night
gnight Quic....
what the
no?
oh :P
good :P
That doesn't make sense even
cause apparently there's a bronycon in NYC :P
/me sighs
Oh GOD.
yeah :P
heard of it from twitter :P
MahBoi777: It's ok I know dat feal bro *hugs*
keep your tongue in your mouth son.
03now go have ufn
03*fun
curse these ponies
/me hugs Ponies47 back
11,02HUG TIEM :D
making me cry
/me hugs Ponies47 and MahBoi777
/me Hugs SuperBrony64
13anypony want to join us for bots on goldrush?
8,6TheGreatAndPowerfulT, why haven't I seen this picture yet? :p
/me hugs SuperBrony64 back
hay Ponies47, MahBoi777 and DAT SuperBrony64 :3
damn you all for making me feel feelings lol
Hey VioletGreySha :3
HEY SuperBrony64 and VioletGreySha!:D
kirzstryfe cause i just finished and it's in the scanner :p
:3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WUhOnX8qt3I&feature=related
VioletGreySha: I'm not in the greatest mood. :(
Oh hi SB!
8,6scan fahstah
/me hugs SuperBrony64
11,02Dat VioletGreySha O.O
Ponies47: i know that feel
So much hugging! 6_9
ALL teh wub
/me hugs VenHur96 back :3
any1 else @bronycon?
hello
Not me... =(
0,14me, Luna1337
0,14but not there atm
im not there atm either but they have a biiiig party atm
with alex mic and tombstone
0,14oh yeah, heard about that
http://youtu.be/lhjk5x54bsE
kirzstryfe Shizuka http://i45.tinypic.com/nn9xmq.png
VioletGreySha: I'm ticked off at my brother and step brother. My brother managed to make my step brother an anti-brony. So now there depressing the (squee) outta me. My step brother sent me a really mean picture of Fluttershy all beaten up and then he keeps saying bronies will die and they must die and stuff like that *sighs*
opinions http://i45.tinypic.com/nn9xmq.png ?
0,14>not pinging me
0,14I see how it is
Ponies47:
dat sibling rivalry
Always the option of disowning them.
0,14also, nice pic :3
SaxyJanitor cause you told me to not post it T,T
Ponies47: Wow what a dick
0,14doesn't mean I wasn't interested >.>
TheGreatAndPowerful(Mr.)T: It's beautiful, you drew the art style very well!
SaxyJanitor i will have that in mind the next time :3
Ponies47: such people are all around teh world the best is to try to ignore them so they got bored if they dont get any response
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: it looks great!
oh damn theyre playing baloon party songs
i rly should go lol
Who is?
Luna1337, you're not missing much
Have fun, Luna...shame I never gets to go...maybe next year perhaps... =c
: /
We have been fighting all day not just over the brony thing but other things to. I really hate my brother and step brother. Thank goodness my step brother only gets to come out once a year to see his dad forn a month nd it's a living hell :|
I'd get in serious trouble at a bronycon
*for
serious
They're gonna be dancing till morning
VioletGreySha: I'm giving em the silent treatment.
lol
nice catch Ingwaz
Well but my step brother got what was coming to him.
Ponies47: good
lol
MahBoi777 VenHur96 thankss :3
:)
He came over and shut down the computer on me. After that he lost his balance and slammed his arm into a ceiling fan. He broke the ceiling fan. That's what he gets :|
Ponies47: Instant karma :D
indeed
dat kharma
*yawn* Meh eyes gettin' sleepy, gtg, thanks for the Street Fighter anime...
lol
better nerf karma
He deserved it. :|
Sleep well VenHur96
bye VenHur96! take care!
Night night VenHur96 :)
00,10Ah so I see
ohai Sumica
00,10SaxyJanitor, you need to find a good AJ =p
0,14I tried ;___;
0,14but AJ cosplayers are rare, dude
00,10bummer
y
very rare
Chat derp back :P
echo-echo-echo-echo
/me throws a rock into the chat and listens to the echo
echo-echo-echo-echo
0,14also, mfw no one commented on the one John DeLancie pic I snapped
Post it again
I didn't get to see it:O
What a shame.
0,14https://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc6/252708_10151871091920571_1962036043_n.jpg
he's got one HELL of ajacket, man.
awesome!
Cool that you got to see him
I'd love to shake hands with the guy
me too
Ditto.
0,14indeed
Oh, nice Saxy
i would like to ask so many voice actors some questions problem is my english isnt the best^^
/me sees a bug right next to him an almost jumps
dont wanna blame me rofl
0,14good thing pony is a universal language
0,14XD
:D
haha
LOL
What's the name of the guy standing next to John?
I know he's working on the documentary
"i have no idea"
0,14also, not sure who here caught the auction
Not I
SaxyJanitor: you buy anything?
0,14eenope
neither did I
and good morning everyone!
0,14everything at the auction flew out of my price range fast
mornin Alchemist!
I imagine many things went for ridiculous prices
y
hi
0,14the last thing up for bid...
0,14oh man
oh god why
the price things were
SaxyJanitor: what was it?
0,14you know the ComiC Con posters?
crezy
I just went in the livestream
0,14from last year?
a poster?
why have I open the livestream
night everypony
SaxyJanitor: oh yeah. didn't they get some signed versions of those?
gn8
0,14they got one, signed by practically all the VAs
gnight superretroworld!
Night superretroworld :)
0,14it went fro $900
Is bronycon going great?
WHOA:O
0,14Then, they got Lauren Faust to sign it
bronycon is awesome
Night superretroworld
I really wish I could go :'(
SaxyJanitor: If they'd put that up first, it would have gone for over 1000
0,14I'll take guesses on how high the price went
wha happened?
$2000 moneys
SaxyJanitor: gonna go with 4000
0,14^
I just can't wait for Bronycon to finish
more like 20k
Next year I hope or the year after that. :$
DAAAAAAAAAMN
dayum
actually it would be go higher then 900^^
0,14Final result was: $44,050
O__O
0,14*$4,050
so everyone goes back to their hobies and give us more works to love
HOLY ACTUAL SHIT
SaxyJanitor: oh
Oh.
I was gonna say
0,14sorry, accidentally added a 4 >.>
Those are slightly different numbers.
lol
4k is more what I'd expect.
I was gonna say, WHO THE FUCK HAS 44 THOUSAND TO SPEND ON THAT?
0,14but yeah, it was suspensful as hell
0,14because bid was made
what did Lauren Faust sign?
0,14and then at the last second, BAM, new bid
I imagine at the end, people were scramping to find extra few pennies.
Rawrity: scratch out the last zero
0,14crowd went nuts
0,14rinse, repeat
I bet
I'll have to watch that when they post it on YT
0,14there was a Trixie poster that went for $625
SaxyJanitor: did you buy it for Meanwhile?
I suspect Meanwhile bought that
xD
Some of the earnings went toward charity right?
I'd hope so
0,14it was a nice poster, but it outsold custom one-of-a-kind stuff signed by the guests
0,14also, half the stuff went to charity
>MicTheMicrophone >Anything other than egotistical and talentless (no Fimfiction hasn't been hacked, just felt like venting. Think of it like a drive against cancer! (You all hate cancer right?)
great :)
Oh my god
well that's good
I love FimFicition
FimFiction**
SaxyJanitor: What was the highest price that something went for?
I'm guessing the Faust signed poster
hey RAWRity http://i45.tinypic.com/nn9xmq.png what do you think ? :3
0,14yep, SolairePony89
Figured :p
what about second highest?:$
whats all that stuff on Fimfiction about anyway? Did someone call Mic out or something?
0,14second highest was the Trixie poster at $625
oh
Funny that it was Trixie
O_O dat difference...
lol
I imagine Seth bid on it.
0,14third was a Rarity plushie that went for $500
0,14actually, we couldn't tell if it was Seth or not
When the lights out.. It's less dangerous
Was it Sethisto that bought it or something?>
0,14everyone thought it was
good afternoon everypony
huhu
good afternoon DeathStar!
Afternoon DeathStar
I doubt Sethisto really has that sort of money
I wouldn't be surprised if somebody bought it, just so they could send it to Seth.
0,14oh hai DeathStar
Im back :) and hello DeathStar
hey oni_link
0,14Midnight_Fyre, iirc, he quit college to run EqD full time because money
hello MahBoi777 , is the stream out still?
hello DeathStar and oni_link
also everyone is talking about the epic entrance of the guests and Lauren's opening statement. My sound is jacked(headset acting up), so I cant hear it. What was it about?
DeathStar: Whereabouts in europe are you?
oni_link: yea
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: I'm in new zealand silly filly XD
Ohai DeathStar :)
Lol
:(
'Ello oni_link
/me facedesks
hello mario_pony :)
it's okay Pinkies4thWall|Sick
lol
hello SolairePony89 :)
SaxyJanitor: Didn't know he quit. I know he was in colege when he started. Anyway, I think in running a blog like this, which could drop in popularity in a couple years time, would lead one to be sort of frugal with the profits
I feel stupid and contagious.. Here we are now... Entertain us
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall|Sick and gives some chicken soup
JRP2234[iPhone]: nirvana much?
0,14yeah, but to be honest, I dunno how true that is
guys do any of you have an instant cure for a bad case of the coughs?
0,14it's what I heard, but I can't say I can verify that info
What do I know though?
not much
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: got any peppermint candy?
/me eats the chicken soup. Yum
What if I say your not like the others. What if I say your not just another
Pinkies4thWall|Sick, sore throat?
0,14also, Pinkies4thWall|Sick, tea + vicks vaporub
If I was making anything resembling real income, it'd probably go towards updating my sorry clothing inventory.
ALL the holes in my clothes.
hey d3rb!
MahBoi777: you serious?
g'day MahBoi777 , how are ya?
CriticKitten: I know that feel :(
d3rb: slightly
I'm listening to the VA panel right now. Tara is telling people to tweet pony plots
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: if that doesn't work, try orange juice
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: that's what I usually use when I'm coughing real bad
0,14I was all the way in the back for that ;__;
Midnight_Fyre: Wait. Where are you listening to this?!
0,14couldn't hear anything clearly
d3rb: I'm good, and u?
Midnight_Fyre: Could you post the link?
Youtube. The link is on EqD
NVM
SaxyJanitor: :( don't have any
13D:
lol
13we are getting rolled by bots
13haaalp!
if your throat is sore Pinkies4thWall|Sick you can gargle vinegar (dont drink it :P) that will make it feel a bit better...but if you hate vinegar you'll probably feel sicker
http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/06/bronycon-2012-behind-voice-panel.html
0,14Shizuka, i can't ;________________________________;
I loved watching the voice panel. Especially since Tara just kept twolling everyone.
03Frick
lol
im good MahBoi777 ....REALLY tired though
03I accidentally put a Mk7 save on my SM3D Land save
03which corrupted it
03>_>
Dat twilightlicious
Tara is best twoll
gotta refresh
Tara is best poni
hehe the canadian voices
and then kirzstryfe went to sleep with saying anything about the pic *sob sob*
was awesome
tara is letting her power go to her head, and it's fantastic
yay eh
Luna1337: Tara is the only non-Canadian one, FYI
acting weird
*chat was acting weird
yay Canada
o-o
I'm lookign at some of the anime coming out this summer, and good god is there some shit in here.
SolairePony89, Tara Strong IS canadian
RAWRity: you think she even has to try to troll anymore?
I thought she was Canadian too
she just doesn't work in Canada
CrimsonPhoenix: Shit, really? She's native Canadian?
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: it think it's just part of her psyche at this point.
don't do that next time
They said everyone on the VA panel is Canadian
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tara_Strong
NIIIICE
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0152839/
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKYriNfPC7U&list=PLE3CB21D5A229E7CA&index=43&feature=plpp_video Blows my mind everytime I listen
haha has any of you read the "Cupcake" fanfic?
I did
it's awful
i loved it
not because of the content
but the overall quality
I liked it too
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2_DuFvyQYc
MusicalPony: I'm pretty sure everyone has at this point
Rainbow Factoryis way more worth your time
The VA for snips reminds me of Nick Swardson :D
Lol MahBoi777
0,14also, just a heads up for people
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3eQrxlU-pw spike is in there can you guess who?
Dat SuperSpice64 video broke my chat
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: gotta have mah daily dose of that
list of anime coming out this summer, so far, haven't seen anything that peeks my interest: http://djsjr.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/neregate.com-Summer-2012-Anime-v1.png
haha
CrimsonPhoenix: its the lady in salmon shirt
old spice commercials are so awesome^^
0,14is there anything you want to me try to take a picture of/get a video of?'
salmon shirt?
0,14I can't guarantee anything, but I'll do what I can
hmm
piques, RAWRity
Poor Mic
picture me hehe^^
I was a bit sad to hear that Amy Keating Rogers wont be working on Season 3...
CrimsonPhoenix: well i guess you could say peach colored also
WHo is speaking tomorrow?
you mean with the red tie?
Dude's freaking out like nuts
0,14how come?
I keep forgeting. Were do I find a live stream of bronycon?
Ponies47, Everfree radio
Everfreeradio.com
Ponies47: everfree radio
ponies47: try to search for everfree media
but right now it's wubparty
Thank you ^_^
Ponies47: It was on Everfree Radio, although they were having a lot of video problems this evening
CrimsonPhoenix: which video are you watching? Spikes voice actor is in the Behind the Voice videos. Shes wearing the Salmon/Peach colored shirt
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3eQrxlU-pw
this one
Spike is in there somewhere
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
idk :P
just listen
god damn I have so much stuff I could show you guys
FAIL.
also, apparently Dr. Whooves' official name is Time Turner.
0,14Will try @_@
not sure if pun, or Harry Potter reference.
SaxyJanitor: PLEASE TRY
SaxyJanitor: for bonus points, try to be in the pic.
^ ^ \
for EXTRA bonus points, no hoverhand.
oni_link, found out yet?
from the main six only tabitha st germain and ashleigh ball didnt go I think.
Alchemist, pretty much
Eeyup
CrimsonPhoenix: I'm like 3 minutes in and nope so far :(
Alchemist: Tabitha's set to be at Everfree NW later this year.
/me coughs.
ok keep going
i think im getting sick
woee
night
Alchemist: ashleigh might have been busy, dont know about tabitha
I haven't been sick in a while
dammit Pinkies4thWall|Sick did you get MusicalPony sick too?
ingwazz: she's on tour with hey ocean I think.
0,14>hoverhand
:( i hope not
MusicalPony: beware, theres a nasty intestinal flu going around from what i've heard.
0,14>me
tabitha rarely goes to cons
0,14HAHNO
Everfree northwest is going to be her first
ingwaz: uhm, where?
Saxy, shouldn't you be out partying right now or something?
CrimsonPhoenix: thought she went to last years
nope
who is coming down with the feather flu?
MusicalPony: just in general
0,14but I'm at home
CrimsonPhoenix: Its the blond!!!!!!!!!!!
CrimsonPhoenix: She was at Bronycon in January
CrimsonPhoenix: i'm pretty sure she went to one before
CrimsonPhoenix: oh snap
SaxyJanitor: you staying at home
You live near there?
?
and no oni_link it's not the blond
Midnight_Fyre: he lives in NY
still, Time Turner's not a bad name at all.
Ah, did not know that.
CrimsonPhoenix: Is it the teacher with the glasses and tie?
RAWRity: I perfer Dr. Whooves though
yes and the girl in black latex
SaxyJanitor: I'm 7 hours away from home :P
SolairePony89: you know damn well they'd never get away with that.
0,14yeah, I live in NYC, so no reason to be at a hotel
BBC would be all over their asses.
CrimsonPhoenix: Oh that was originally my first thought :D
also watch the show
RAWRity: Well, yeah. Hasbro would their shit torn up. Just saying I perfer Dr. Whooves
SaxyJanitor: there is a reason. Mods
it's awesome :3
laughed at the super speedy cider squeezy ep: "at last, all my training in flipping hour glasses finally pays off" *flips hour glass* "Now what?"
SaxyJanitor: Almost sounds like it takes the fun out of it
SaxyJanitor: just think, you could room with Slurry.
lucky
Alchemist: next, teh world
Midnight_Fyre: or rather, it takes a big chunk of money out of it and back into his wallet.
CrimsonPhoenix: Me gusta :) I like this older style animation alot
oni_link, it was in the 90s
Pinkie's Brew!
CrimsonPhoenix: Ah. I <3 the 90s
end of 90s
SaxyJanitor: just skype him, and find out what hotel and room he's in
AttackWithHugs: I love dat lol
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0211793/fullcredits#cast
RAWRity: True, I'll probably end up only doing one day at Canterlot Gardens since it is close enough to drive to, but far enough that I wouldn't want to drive there and back 3 days in a row
0,14well, Convention ends tomorrow
OH MY GOD SHINING ARMOR IS IN THAT SHOW TOO
have the season 3 airing times mentioned yet at any point?
Alchemist: eenope
Alchemist, no
CrimsonPhoenix: schweet :3
HAPPY CANADA DAY
dat global notice
most likely they either don't know, or they're required to keep it under wraps until Hasbro/the hub announces it.
Happy Canada Day all you Canadian bronies!
party up in this bitch for canada!
happy canada day, MahBoi777 ^_^
ANADA!
/me sighs
XD
Happy Canada Day! :)
o u MakerDusk
happy canada day!
Thank you Midnight_Fyre
/me cheers for Canada Day
/me hugs MakerDusk
HAPPY CANADA DAY!
Huzzah!
everyone aplogise in celebration :)
Happy Canada day!
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG, I hate you now
^_^
CrimsonPhoenix: xD
/me is not canadian. CELEBRATES ANYWAY
I guess it's hug a canadian day
and to celebrate Canada day, we must stream canadian shows
/me sleeps
I don't live in Canada but I don't care! Happy Canada Day to every canadian :)
of course its j/k
Canada floats over us, we cannot control it lol
ChrimsonPhoenix: MLP is a Canadian show. Let's watch that
stream some reboot
/me doesn't live in Canada but will celebrate anyways
OMG reboot :O
Good call Midnight_Fyre :D
a partyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
CrimsonPhoenix: TDI?
13but we finished reboot...
13like a month ago
From Lauren Faust's twitter page: "Have any idea what it feels like to be a rock star for a day? I do. Wow. Just. WOW."
Lol
oh lol. I must have missed it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VBIe0R2e-A
*see the word reboot... panic* :D
/me will never know what it's like to be a rockstar for a day
beasties? shadowraiders/ anything else by mainframe...
how about Cybersix
Midnight_Fyre: I know that feel :(
Midnight_Fyre: Become a rockstar then
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: oh lord not that XD
Midnight_Fyre: never give up! You too may one day make a TV show beloved my millions of people around the world.
TECHNO CHICKEN
RAWRity: Unlikely, I'm studying nursing
Midnight_Fyre: just takes effort :D
I hope Lauren knows her show inspired people to help build a clinic in africa :D
become a doctor of Rock
Midnight_Fyre: and Einstein workid in a pattent office. But did he stick with that, or did he help us blow up the Japanese?
Alchemist: Woah, what?
/me 13would never want to be a rockstar
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: I saw and heard it :)
Shizuka: ^
Behold music by one of our own: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0JrIbFa6MU4
/me bangs head against wall
Alchemist: did it really?
I dont wanna be sick.
RAWRity: So you are saying I should aspire to bomb Japanese people? Sounds like a plan :$
oh man I haven't seen Resonantwaves on lately
SolairePony89: ever heard about yoursiblings/seeds of kindness? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RZ92QbRkWg
Midnight_Fyre: yup
hiya guys just popping in before bed
SolairePony89: Seeds of Kindness thing started by bronies. They raised thousands of dollares to fund a clinic in uganda.
hi otakon
/me dances
I see the stream is dead
Hi otakon
hey otakon! how are you?
hey otakon
Alchemist: I'll watch it as soon as I'm done watching the VA panel
0,14oh hai otakon
shizu, thats okay, we like your mixes :)
DeathSquirrel: why are you a squirrel?
/me hugs otakon
SaxyJanitor: WHY ARE YOU A JANITOR?
0,14have some BronyCon photo album taken by yours truly:
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: your sick? hope you get better soon
otakon: because it's fun ^^
SaxyJanitor: do want
tired atm
getting ready to go to bed
RAWRity: Sweet :)
figured I'd stop in, say hi
otakon: you can see SaxyJanitor with a busty twilight cosplayer if you stay up.
Hiyyo otakon!
RAWRity: rawr
/me tucks otakon in
RAWRity: I thought it was Rarity
Hi otakon :)
0,14https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10151871027105571.878989.603775570&type=1&l=7340a9e767
hiya SolairePony89, FINALLY got into some of Dawnguard. it's good so far
hiya Ponies47
hi otakon
hiya AttackWithHugs
ok better get some sleep
bye bye
otakon: are you a wizard?
Luna1337: byee
bye Luna1337!
otakon: That's good. I'm still probably not gonna get it for awhile myself
0,14later Luna1337
See ya Luna1337
bye Luna1337
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: no, why?
we need a body swap FiM episode :D
bye Luna1337 take care
/me sads
otakon: Spoiler Alert, its apparently about vampires
also, of course there's a SPiderman there. He better be 60's spiderman though
0,14he is, RAWRity
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: but they no sparkle thank God.
60s Spiderman is best Spiderman
haha oni_link thats what she was talking about! thats a great idea
otakon: i was hoping you could cure me
i've missed so many face-to-face episodes
0,14also, forget the facebook link, use this
0,14https://plus.google.com/photos/107413117116066193513/albums/5760056463417138849
MusicalPony: Omg she knows what we want :O lol
http://derpy.me/HrPZr
0,14because it has a few (very poorly shot) videos of the auction reactions
Is no-one streaming, or am I just missing out?
oni_link: haha yeah
0,14no stream atm
SaxyJanitor: okay, you lucky dog. that one Twi cosplayer looks GOOD! I never realized so many fans of the show were so well proportioned :P
DB_Brony: No stream at the moment
Because ponies is SRS FCKN BZNS: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXUzM4bSSUI
0,14...I'm never going to live this down, am I?
bronycon day 1 is now over.
SaxyJanitor: live it down? LIVE IT UP MAN!
otakon: then of course there's this lucky fancypants cosplayer: http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc7/396843_379557765432923_1980888909_n.jpg
MusicalPony: I sooooo cant wait for Season 3 :)
SaxyJanitor: NEVAH!
oni_link: neither can i!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pig84Y3Qmsc&feature=related something COMPLETELY unrelated
PEGASISTERS ARE HOT!
SaxyJanitor: Looking at your pics. Apparently all it takes to be a Twilight cosplayer is a purple shirt
I have come to this scientific conclusion
/me pegasister<<
MusicalPony: So much awesomeness today!! :3
AttackWithHugs: dont say it like that...say it like "BronyCon Day 2 is just beginning" lol
oni_link: i know right?!
Well, actually i shouldn't say that
makes me sound like a dick
NOM: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXGM_Q1cCaQ
I feel tired just watching that stream
otakon: I prove you false: http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/554035_10151128233225802_729885278_n.jpg
MusicalPony: I am truly happy :$
But I can't help it, I find women with large busts generally very attractive.
oni_link: me too. im genuinely the most excited person
oni_link: or should i say pony :P
Did all the Flim Flam cosplayers get together and sing?
otakon: personally i'm more of a smaller bust man in general, but then again, certain women can just pull off certain busts. also, yo
oni_link: heres a vid with the thanks of the african clinic project's founder's thanks: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7RZ92QbRkWg
RAWRity: shes on the big side, she's not unattractive. Now, if her mentality is nasty it wouldn't matter if she was perfection on a slice of bread.
Derpy_Hooves: hah wat a derp
Because if so, epic.
http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/555807_132915113512850_1570593595_n.jpg
MusicalPony: You're my kind of pony :P
oni_link: haha thanks?
ah, nothing like good looking girls in small clothing
Derpy_Hooves, atleast he was nice enough to leave JJ's signature on his "works"
/me is back after having is chat go boom :(
GODDAMMIT I LOVE COSPLAY! :)
MusicalPony: No problem ;)
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: take a close look at the cloaked oc he's uploading, and the description, then click on the trotting cloaked pony icon
his*
and finally, some VinylxTavi shipping while we're at it: http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/531481_10151128234665802_1967337516_n.jpg
DB_Brony: take a close look at the cloaked oc he's uploading, and the description, then click on the trotting cloaked pony icon
otakon: Good cosplay is always enjoyable
SolairePony89: eeyup, I saw a good Haruko Bunny Suit at the year before lasts Otacon
Derpy_Hooves: im going to create the word... SPAM
so no stream tonight?
otakon: holy freaking crap. playing me3 on insanity, right at the end with that last god forsaken marauder...holy crap that guy killed me so many times
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: he is stealing my oc and claiming i stole it from him...
ingwaz: TAKE YOUR TIME
Derpy_Hooves: your a artisisisisit?
13hm..
131am..
I LOVE THIS COMMUNITY <3 its more like a family :$
crap, my whole internet is acting up. Be back in a few minutes
otakon: i was, the sight is just so bouncy. find its key to not aim as you're walking up otherwise you bounce too much
otakon: I dont see a whole lot of cosplay, unfortunately
oni_link: indeed, the community is very important to us as a whole
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: hell no, if i we to even try to draw, you'd go blind
were*
oni_link: i know right?
13eenie meenie miney mo.. should i stream some tunes or no...
Phase Dat ghost
I know probably a lot of people zoned out, the the Psychology study panel was actually really interesting to me.
Shizuka: you can if you feel like it
ingwaz: Why would you want to kill that marauder? He's trying to stop you from experiencing the game's ending
Shizuka: I vote yea
Shizuka: how are you today?
It's almost 2:00 AM here. I'm in the part of Michigan we're it's one hour ahead :P
ingwaz: and I love every one of us in it
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wujiEeZje_M RULES: if you cry, you must say so. If you lie, Chrysalis will permanently strip you of your ability to like ponies.
There's SOOOOO many "bronies" i would just like to slap some sense into....
SolairePony89: cause i want to experience the extended cut, hopefully it redeems itself at least somewhat
MusicalPony: is BEST community!
oni_link: DEFINITELY
Vordox: Why? I hoep I'm not on the list :(
*hopr
*hope
http://imgur.com/a/tbr7r
Dat hope
inb4 the extended cut is so awful that everyone forgets about the original ending.
Vordox: What happened?
left is @TV TS, right is BD
13wish i were capable of drawing so ponies would have something to look at..
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: :$
Ponies47: Nono, it's the bronies that take everything for granted, AND saying things they should not say cause they are not a part of the thing they mention
RAWRity: i've heard its "acceptable" but not great
Shizuka: Try a speed drawing
everso slightly more detil and less blocking
13can't draw with mouse
ingwaz: I haven't seen the EC stuff yet, no desire
Ponies47: did you cry?
/me 00,02can't draw at all
0,14^
Vordox: ah
13that too
13but especially not with mouse
0,14except for hilarious bad art
AttackWithHugs: Example. "What, we haven't made a single fan episode yet." <--- YOU ARE JUST A RANDOM PERSON IN A COMMUNITY you have NOTHING to do with the episodes.. SO SHUSH
00,02with a tablet and practice, mabey
03heh
Vordox: why what is it that makes you feel that way towards them?
What Phase4 and SaxyJanitor said can't draw at all
03and eh, apparently MK7 saves still can't be decrypted
http://imgur.com/DaZnC
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: Nope.avi
Well guys..
^ the other image
its not about how good a drawing is, its about community :)
I do not mind "We" as in a general ideal community, but you are NOT part of something you are NOT part of...
Even if you have the same label as one in the community.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: so true
Well guys, I'm off to bed. Night and have fun tomorrow, BronyConners
http://static.fimfiction.net/images/story_images/35438.jpg?1340987756
/me hugs the chat
bye AttackWithHugs
AttackWithHugs: G'night.
Nigth AttackWithHugs :)
*night
Shizuka: Well...try vector drawing then?
AttackWithHugs: nite honey!
Night AttackWithHugs
13eenope
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdZ1va0AQYc SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
nighty
so much pingies
Vordox: well I totally ghost wrote a S3 episode of MLP so pfffft to you.
and i'm off as well
Shizuka: You can do any kinds of lines with Vector due to curving tools
Phase4: http://bobrossgifs.tumblr.com/post/23828915129
nite AttackWithHugs
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: I hear space is 20% cooler
RAWRity: :P
later every pony
0,14later HatchetRyda
Bye HatchetRyda :)
Night to you too HatchetRyda
yep SolairePony89
00,02DB_Brony, i get that, but right now i cant
LA LALALALALALA
/me is back (gone 02:35:44)
oh one last thing *hugs Ponies47* stay strong and know we are here for ya
LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LALA LA LA LA LAAAAAAAA
00,02and to learn on a laptop would take a long time
/me Hugs HatchetRyda back 'Iknow thanks :)'
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YftCbrIVTu4
0,14okay folks
0,14I'm off to bed
Ok so this how it's going with the Michigan trip
0,14good night, enjoy the stream (when it's up)
Not recconmended for epilepsy dangers: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6sNPKg0gkmc
But first. Night SaxyJanitor :)
Night SaxyJanitor ~
ALL THE COLORS
Bye SaxyJanitor
Night SaxyJanitor, have fun at Bronycon!
night SaxyJanitor
0,14and hopefull I'll have more pics for you guys tomorrow
take it easy SaxyJanitor
SaxyJanitor: Get moar cosplay!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2t-eeyrkog&feature=player_embedded
SaxyJanitor: just charge that phone
hey Phase4 what do you think ? http://i45.tinypic.com/nn9xmq.png
SaxyJanitor: you best get at least one Twilightlicious shot
0,14I will try ;__;
If, you know, you don't mind...
The 7 hour ride here was awful, I have been fighting alot me my brother and my step brother the most and we got 1 broken ceiling fan. SOUND GOOD RIGHT?!? :S
SaxyJanitor: if you don't, we'll turn you into SaxyMaid for a month.
0,14ohgodno
0,14kbai
Bai
inb4 SaxyMaid becomes a trending topic.
I did make this for Saxy *Holds out maid outfit*
Fun fact to the video: "We wanted to create realism" XD
my gosh
Ponies47: aww you need a hug :(
/me Hugs oni_link 'Whats wrong?'
The MLP:FiM crew is truly amazing
^
Mum
Ponies47: I was offering you a hug :) silly
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DDPjNM6AYl0 do you like SUGAR?
CrimsonPhoenix: That goes without saying :P
STREAM
TheGreatAndPowerfulT, nice
What the heck?
oni_link: oops I didn't read that right! And then on Monday I got do the 7 hour drive back home with 6 other freakin poeple in the same car :|
00,02suddenly
dafaq is oh god my eyes what is this i cant comprehend ohhhhh my god
Is this who I think it is?
This is nice :3
Ponies47: aww hang in there :P
HI :)
00,02woah, trippy visualization
That is...freaky...
^
who's there
Le wild Phase4 appeared
oni_link: Yeah. :)
SolairePony89: It's still better to say it...
whats this?
HI ACS13123! :)
hey Phase4
i now see the face of the universe
ACS13123: hello there
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: Then I'll say it. THE MLP:FIM CREW IS BEST CREW!
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: IKR
/me 00,02use tackle on oni_link
What's going on here? :S
f
00,02ohai MahBoi777
00,02woh
bonjour
/me agrees with SolairePony89
O_O
00,02dat one looked like a mustache
WAT DA FAQ
Polydunami: Trippy stuff maaaaaaan
O hai Phase4 :3
00,02ohai ACS13123
I was reading a very interesting Doctor Who transcript. :|
Polydunami: then why the angry face?
I would love you forever if somebody would be willing to take that pic of Saxy with teh Twi cosplyaer, and photoshop a maid outfit onto him.
Phase4: Critical Hit! oni_link fainted :D
I leave for five minutes and suddenly trippy music
hey Polydunami!
sounded like Sting for a second
SolairePony89, I saw nearly half of one show I used to watch as a kid is actually in MLPFiM
Umm... I was distracted?
The show being Cybersix
Oh hey MahBoi777
MAH BOI
WHICH I TOTALLY WANT TO SEE IT STREAMED HERE
I wonder whats for dinner
I've been distracted from Bronystate over the past few days, MahBoi777
DINNER
CrimsonPhoenix: What show is this?
Polydunami: lol it's okay
Look it up on IMDB
MahBoi777: indeed :P
Mainly by Doctor Who :3
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/247/980/5b8.png
CrimsonPhoenix: To lazy :P
What player has these visualizations??
Phase4, you streamin' bro? :)
bye i gtg to bed :(
00,02nope
00,02dis is Shizuka
/me kisses Sweetie_Belle goodnight
Sweetie_Belle: aww goodnight
Shizuka: what player is dis?
otakon: woo, made the illusive man shoot himself in the head
Right now, I'm reading a transcript of the Marco Polo serial from Doctor Who.
ingwaz: well, your not done yet
Also, is that a new meme? "100/10, would fuck"?
hai everypony
otakon: yeah, i know. have you seen the new refusal ending?
13guess roseluck doesn't want to be on screen
I dunno what to say
hey IshBestPony!
ingwaz: eeyup, it's kind of a big middle finger to the player but it works
Good morning every- whoah, pretty lights!
I drawded me a filthy OC pony http://imgur.com/IRTOv
Shizuka: is Asuka pitching a fit again?
Okay, back to more Doctor Who transcripts :3
@_@ bronystate is stream visulizer? Does not compoote
I'm one ping away
11,02Less than one hour remains til the Club Nintendo year ends ^-^
one trick pony only got one song.
Polydunami: for?
otakon: i disagree actually. the words "even if i die, i'll die free" mean quite a bit, even if you were unable to stop the reapers
OSHIT RIGHT
GNWIfnRsjibnDG
00,02Shizuka, somewhere in the options is allways ontop and hide for fullscreen apps
Shizuka why did you have to interupt me
00,02dis song
OMG dat sweet victory :D
It's the thrill of one more kill
13Phase4: doesn't work >>
the last one to fall
00,02huh
dis song reminds me of spongebob
?? What, oni_link?
one trick pony plays it all night long
00,02its a bit broken, meh
anyway
Swweeet vctory yeehhh
00,02eventually i'll have a replacment written in gtk
SuperBrony64, My platinum status is ready
Polydunami: you said you were one ping away from something?
I only know this from Spongebob...
:p
spongebob
:D
11,02CrimsonPhoenix: Mine too :3
Ehh, just in case somepony might want to talk with me :S
Polydunami: oh *derp* :P
Okay, back to Doctor Who.
night ponies
just gonna leave this here http://derpiboo.ru/26654
You know... this is rather relaxing :3
OW! FUCK
Alchemist: hahahaha :D
00,02Shizuka, asuka still having heat problems?
1374
13it's cause the vis is the full frame now
00,02i'ma take that as a yes
/me just got burned by his computer
00,0274 c, not f right?
13ofc
night everyone
13moment
ACS13123: i know , im relaxed and laying down on my bed :)
My eyes bleed
Not from bad
Aww, the butterfly is gone.
13dropped the encoding down some
What is the player being used??
13winamp
13the multipass skin
YEEEES!
Winamps has extasy settings?
Land of Confusion <3
Shizuka: thanks :)
Disturbed is not bad
MrPoniator: I know where you put my sandvich
I never really paid much attention to Genesis until pretty recently and now I'm sort of getting into them
Wow I am just about ready to beat the everlasting crap outta my borther and step brother :|
It's in your iPhone
Guys, help me, what apps should I get on my new phone?
Android btw.
/me is downloading winamp and the corresponding shemes and skins
/me eats iPhone
MrPoniator: O.o why are you online?
Because
MrPoniator y u so quiet
I can
MrPoniator: COME OUT! :[
Jrp2234 y u like gggggggg
Ponies47: dont!
Malavolent: mlp fim soundboard by Pmpsonaul "TBBle" Ha
nevah
oni_link: What?
Malavolent: mlp fim soundboard by Paul "TBBle" Hampson
MrPoniator: Aren't you on Bronycon?
/me gives cake to people who say I'm awsome
MrPoniator: You just did :3
Best phone soundboard
I'm in Finland
MrPoniator: Oh...
MrPoniator: Same situation as me then. D:
I'm not paying a grand to go to Bronycon
MrPoniator: Going to try and go to Galacon or Buck then?
Just for the flight tickets
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: Great, I can play random pony sounds to random strangers!
You can't gamble responsible
Well, I was invited to go to Galacon, so yeah
MrPoniator: Yeah, same here. ._. I'm your neihbour
Oh! Congrats
...wait..invited?! Special admission!
Malavolent: yes. ALL THE PONIES
All at once!
Malavolent: winamp, androzip, go keyboard, notification toggle
oni_link: Thanks :)
Ponies47: stay calm
Malavolent: no problem. Android ftw!!
MrPoniator: Going to show something new on Galacon? =3
MrPoniator why are we annoying u
Probably
oni_link: Well, there isn't anything much better at the moment.
Because you can
Ooooh, hope they livestream it.^^
Who wants 20$
Malavolent: I guess, what phone did you get
?
oni_link: I have yet to get it. Huawei Ascend G300.
fixed my headset and then Lauren Faust's opening statement broke my internet :D
oni_link: There really pissing in me off. They even went down so low they disconnectec the adapter to the laptop I'm using and took one of the parts. How low can they get? Very very very low. And my brother is calling me a (squee)hole :|
*disconnect
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: That soundbox should be installed by default on all deaf people's phones!
YES
Malavolent: what version of Android is it running?
Ponies47: why are they doing this?
oni_link: 2.3, upgradable to 2.4 once it comes out.
oni_link: Because there (squee)holes and have nothing better to do but jsut ruin my life and depress the (squee) outta me :|
Shizuka: Mind if I link a possible video you can use?
*just
Shizuka: It's connected to...well...a BrS meme. :P
13which
Malavolent: dont you mean 4.0?
/me Needs a new phone
Ponies47: are you the younger one
oni_link: Yes :|
?
Ponies47: ah i know that feel all too well
oni_link: 2.3 = 3.0 as well 2.4 = 4.0 I don't know who came up with that, 2.x is used in my country.
Malavolent: over here 2.3 is gingerbread, 3.0 is Honeycomb (tablets only) and 4.0 is ICS
oni_link: THnak goodness my step brother only gets to come out once a year for a month and then he has to be in Washington (state) the rest of the year. My brother wel lI'm stuck with him. I have no faith and trust in him at all anymore :|
Bedtime for me guys
Ciao!
Night SolairePony89 :)
Ponies47: aww why??
13are ponies enjoying the music?
gnight SolairePony89!
Shizuka: No response, so I'll say, I*m listening.^^
Shizuka: it's okay...
oni_link: Honeycomb is 2.3 and Gingerbread 2.3.3 here. It's confusing, really.
oni_link: He's treated me like garbage. If I insalt himhe punchs me, he's always a jerk, doesn't care about anything but for video games, and a bunch of other (squee) :|
Malavolent: whoa, i think ill stick with the code names :D
Getting off for the night. I'll be back for day 2 of Bronycon.
Shizuka: I am. The music is helping me calm down a bit.
Shizuka: Needs more rock and stuff.
Shizuka: You have a distinct difference in music tastes.
Phase4 where r u
Shizuka: enjoying it
Ponies47: aw sounds like hes a sore loser that cant take jokes
00,02JRP2234[iPhone], at home
Malavolent: Nah, not Rock, but something more..."feeling"?
oni_link: That's ehat it seems liek to me :/
oni_link: Yeah, that's better. Anyway, I like how Android names the versions of the OS, like 4.0 is named Ice cream.
YOu ccould always go Nostalgic, or something more well known to spark reactions.
I went to a thingy at a church with the water
*what
Vordox: Hard rock?
Or if you wish to try and "draw out" something newer, perhaps onlyshow the good ones to get some recognition for new stuff.
I dunno
Ponies47: it wont be forever :)
Malavolent: I know :) like it alot
I aint no streamer, so what do I know. *Shrugs*
JRP2234[iPhone]: baptism?
oni_link: I still hate my brother and he hates me. He will never be my BBBFF. NEVER :|
Atleast, now I got background music while working.^^ So it's great.
Vordox: True, I don't have to look up for music myself :D
Ponies47: aww :(
Funny thing was where we parked the car Nextel to us had a twilight sparkle toy in it
Next*
whoa freaky butterflies...
13going to bump back up to stereo after this
I really liked that mashup of land of confusion Shizuka
:)
13danke
13i loved how they matched perfectly
Shizuka: all the musics!
13i didn't have to change a thing in either track
oni_link: Never and I mean never. We hate each other and that's the way it's gonna be my brother doesn't care about anything else but his video games. Some days I'm jsut about ready to smash his PS3 :|
*just
13this was my favorite song in 1999 or so
Well, Shizuka What's your current mood? Try and find a song that corresponds to it? :)
Shizuka :) now i will match em up in Audacity thanks for that :)
13my mood is sleepy... and i have my entire morrowind base in here so i have sleepy music...
Oh oh...
Ponies47: how old are you ?
Bad idea then
oni_link: 14
Does anypony here play World of Tanks?
Malavolent: nope
sorry
Shizu stream, kool.
Ponies47: you wont be stuck with him forever. youll see
Dat title name...
1327 hour playlist
Run Rabbit Junk XD
oni_link: I knwo but I still have to deal with him for a few more years :|
13how is sound quality?
13bass is excellent here but i dunno how much fmle is compressing out
Shizuka: Can't have it loud atm, it's 8:30 Am morning here.
Shizuka: Will you stream ponies after the playlist is over?
Shizuka: But to me, it sounds quite decent
Ponies47: Its scary to be on your own :(
13not streaming the whole playlist silly
Shizuka: I was just about to say that. Bass is awesome. Love it. Sound quality is fine on my end.
13we would be here until tomorrow night >>
XD Silly indeed.
And no sleep for Shizuka
13you probably can't see the bottom of the playlist window where it says this song is 4:32 out of 27:18:14
Shizuka: Also! guess who lucked out and finally got his baloonicorn :3
13oo balloonicorn
13i un-ashed a rainblower :3
13i can give shamrocs back now~
Shizuka: -lol it took forever but I got one.
Shizuka: I want a rainblower ;_;
http://i.imgur.com/SSB4l.gif
Shizuka: >.< having difficulties stumbling across one though..
13when messing around with ponies here it's okay
so, just finished the extended cut of ME3, not bad. certainly far better than the original ending. even had some fairly sorrowful moments
Shizuka: their voices melt together , so sexy :3
13but in real combat i'm too used to degreaser
13need that switch time
oni_link: I now. But hey if all my brother is gonna do and play video games for the rest of his life then fine :|
MahBoi777: do i chew on the peppermint for my cough/sore throat, or suck?
13any ghost in the shell SAC fans here? this is one of the action themes
Shizuka: Yo.
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: suck
Ponies47: you do you and set the example :)
CrimsonPhoenix: for great magic!
Shizuka: I mainly watchfor the cute AI bots. I think there funny. But I also watch because to a certain point the story is very deep in certain episodes.
13yup
13very cerebral show
Shizuka: Played some of the game, didn't watch the whole anime though
The game was amazing for it's time. <3
i don't get it
I HAS A DOGGIE
13i has two dogs~
I've had two dogs.
oni_link: pffft. The second you walk into his room these are the only words he says Get Out he says that all the time. Sometimes I just wanna GAAAAAAH! :[
One died from injection, the other one got shot...
13i have had five
13three watch over me now
I hear something I really like
Shizuka: Damn...
Ponies47: man that sucks :(
I have 2 cats and 1 dog :3
Shizuka: You've got an attack squad dont you...
Shizuka: well dear, you loved them so they went well.
Shizuka: me too. http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m64uvhixxO1rv2re5o1_1280.jpg
13have only had three at a time though
Hehe
Selective reading, eh guys?
12THAT CON WAS AWESOME
Well, common behaviour.
03who are you conning?
03and out of what?
/me hides
oni_link: I can just get so ticked off with the way he acts my parents are starting to feal the same way as well, He never listens to my parents anymore :|
anyone gonna stream sometime soon
Ghost30k: ...
Ghost30k: The stream is on
Ghost30k: Shizu is streaming right now.
Ghost30k: refresh
hmmm oka
13http://i.imgur.com/DouVI.jpg these are our boys now
Usually a good idea to refresh now and then
Ponies47: sounds like the real world is gonna bite him in the rear
Oh, they look like 7 and 9 years old
Shizuka: hmmmm retrievers?
13black lab mixes
Shizuka: <3 D'awwwwwwwwwwwww
Ah.
13all our dogs have been lab mixes of some kind, always black with some white markings
sounds like something from the Super Paper Mario series
oni_link: Same here. My parents are really worried about his future. Me I shouldn't care. I have to make sure I'm ready for the real world.
Shizuka: And they look to be behaving too. XD Are they 7 and 9 years old?
otakon: totally
O.
What?!
13faelan is just fat
XD
No shit he did
Ponies47: do you know what you want to do?
Shizuka: A fat dog, is a happy dog.
gremlins 2
13yup
never cared for the movie
oni_link: No idea! :$
YET
Ponies47: hahaha you say that with such confidence :D
13http://i.imgur.com/Efi8r.jpg this was my brother of twelve and a half years
13he went in september last year, a month before i found bronystate
03o.o
oni_link: Yeah. I have been thinking over things but I'm not sure just yet. :$
He looks at ease even iin that picture.
13the snuggliest dog ever
Shizuka: I love the white in his paws.
I want that dog.
awww... thats a cute dog, Shizuka
Serriously adorable.
And the little tufts on his chest.
13khian was a good boy, kept a sharp eye on the perimeter :3
Ponies47: well as long as you go through with at least one or two of them :)
13someone walks across the street KEEP AWAY FROM MAH HUMANS
sad to hear that he went
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m64uvhixxO1rv2re5o1_1280.jpg Shadow, left, is a purebred Golden Retriever at 4 years old. Sadie, right, is an Australian Shepard mix at i don't know how old, but I know she's starting to go deaf.
13but thunderstorms and fireworks he would come curl up on your head for safety
oni_link: Yeah.
13for a long time he was my only friend in the world
00,02urgh
00,02that moment when you screw up an upgrade
13uh oh
00,02and then have to walk over to the computer
Phase4: oh no D:
00,02stupid things in the shed
13ugh you have to push the button?
00,02yeah
13D:
00,02ikr
00,02absurd
00,02/1'st world problems
Damn upgrades.
13techie world problems~
Always causing problems when they should be doing good things.
00,02its probably because i removed /var/run and /var/lock
Ponies47: ponies always cheer me up on a side note :P
13i hate digging haruko out from under my bed so i set up wake on lan for when power goes out
Shizuka: yeah, shadow just freaks out and tries to get into all sorts of places he shouldn't be out of pure panic. the worst days of the year are now upon us.
oni_link: Ponies are good. :)
00,02time to get up
Shizuka: I have a cat. But I try not to tell anyone about her shes my onlly weakness ^-^ I love her to pieces. She's only a few months and she is baige with black paws I named her ki-la la and she is very cuddly whenever I'm doing anything sitting down really she will curl up on my lap. And when i sleep at night she will curl up on a pillow near me.
00,02suddenlt portal music
yeah, deleting system directories out of a unix install...
what we watching?
Phase4: Stay outa' the shed?
03http://cheezcomixed.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/koma-comic-strip-we-need-a-new-weapon.jpg
00,02Iron_Edge, i've managed to avoid that video
13it's not that good
Phase4: Meh, sorry had to say it.
oh a bunch of music
Phase4: Cause pony.
13it's probably about 3/4 of my library
portal 2 is good musics
13this vis likes this song
Shizuka: what is about 3/4 of your library?
Yeah
13my potpourri playlist here
I wonder Shizuka ...
1327 and a half hours long
13probably about 3/4 or less of what i have
If you could pick one song from your list, WHICH one would make Vivi wanna dance?
13to make vivi dance..?
13hm
I loved the ending theme's the sentry song and the main villian "Who's name escapes me" when she sings her song for wanting you to leave.
Irish_Pony: Wish you were gone?
Vordox: eh?
Vordox: Tab is a jerk huh.
:D
Irish_Pony: Yes it is :P
13i am not sure
Irish_Pony: nothing bro it was me again /)
XD
Irish_Pony: (\
Oh Shizuka? D: Sha,e
13i do not have much in her style
FUCK :D
shame*
Iron_Edge: (\
LOL Irish_Pony XD
00,02button pushed
13i doubt anypony here has played lode runner the legend returns
00,02back to normal
Shizuka: Don't recall it, sadly. But I heard of it
sadly no.
Phase4 tf2
00,02JRP2234[iPhone], not yet
Yes yet
13it's finicky on win7 or else i'd make an attempt to stream it
Phase4: Oh! I finally got my baloonicorn! :3
00,02:3
13i wanted to stream realmyst even though it would be boring cause i've memorized the whole game
Shizuka: Do you have any "Badumppppphhhh" songs? XD
13but i am certain it will not play nice with FMLE
13procaster would do it i'm sure..
Something with a "boom"?
13a boom?
00,02Shizuka, i've been meening to play one of the myst's
Wait..this song sounds familiar....
Where have I heard this before.
13it's one of the defaults with fruity loops, part of it was used in Loops of Zen on kongregate
13beyond that, iunno
Weird, it gives me a vibe of an old Genesis game.
Something is clicking, but not sure where.
Shizuka: -lol......fruity loops...sounds like what I used to call cereal as a child.
13ikr
Vordox: Best genisis game ever. "Vecctor Man!"
Shizuka: you're talkative tonight, i like this. :)
Iron_Edge: No way, Comic Man
Well Im out for tonight, thanks for the stream Shizuka and goodnight everypony. <3
13it is better than last night when nopony was talking .-.
Vordox: GTFO...
Gnight oni_link
ello ello all
night oni_link
00,02Shizuka, ikr
Shizuka: Most ponies were probably asleep? ^^
Shizuka: I feel asleep on ya' :/
oni_link: Later bro /)
00,02prety much just you me and Ghosties then
Iron_Edge: I could say Sonic if you want to rage. :P
00,02was'
Vordox: FFFFFFFUUU....
Iron_Edge: But honestly..:Genesis game...
Iron_Edge: What was the name...something with Black Beast...
Shadow...beast, of th beast...
AHA
Found it!
Shizuka: Kinda hard to do with most of us having only non steroe stuff. :p
00,02frozen synapse
We are POOR STUDENTS
00,02wonder if that has a demo
13i am not sure
13i know the expansion they released last month added full coop for the campaign
Oh Shizuka if you want something interesting to listen to, I recommend you listen to a few songs from a game called Shatter.
Vordox: No clue. But I grew up with Vector man. So yeah...http://www.weknowwii.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/09/vectorman2.jpg
00,02there is a demo
00,02downloading now
That does not look like Vector. :P
13oo yay
13it's an awesome game, i am just not good at strategy..
Vordox: dat be VectorMAN
13it is very draining mentally
00,02lol, the tf2 linux server
00,02dumps the eula to the terminal
00,02no less, just all to the terminal
13it's why i have civ 3-5 but never play them too
Iron_Edge: Still doesn't look like Vector, FALSE ADVERTISMENT!'
Shizuka: Civ music. <3
Vordox: Not vector the buckin' crocodile
Vordox: Vector Mayyun!
00,02Iron_Edge, >vector man
00,02>made of spheres
00,02lolwut
13this vis REALLY likes this song
Phase4: uhhh yessir...
Iron_Edge: Nono, Vector graphics
00,02woah
hay interesting music what is it? i just switched on the stream xD
00,02Shizuka, that does work well
13nervous_testpilot - My Beautiful Escape
guize. who has sven coop?
13from the Frozen Synapse RED OST
Vordox: oh sweet celestia...GET OUTA HERE! >:3
Shizuka: sounds interesting :3
Hi VioletGreySha
Iron_Edge: XD ok
hay CupcakeWarrior ^^
13http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etmG-rrwcDE
VioletGreySha: <3
13the game is pretty neat too
MahBoi777: these peppermints are really helping. thanks for the advice.
hay Iron_Edge y3
no problem:)
<3
okay. no one has sven coop
tumblr is a weird place...
/me takes the walk of shame back to CSS.
Shizuka: yah heard a bit about it but never saw somethign from it ^^
So Shizuka What music do you prefer?
13totalbiscuit did a WTF IS on it
00,02dat
13convinced me to buy anyway :3
00,02dx:hr
oh i kn ow dat
00,02Shizuka, i saw that
deus ex hrhr
13love this track so much
Shizuka: your servers, like TF2 or Gmod, do you host them yourself?
00,02yeah, dx:hr has good music
This music type?
Hmmm...
Ameno? Like that band, Shizuka ? :P
13i usually avoid lyrics cause i run the playlist all the time
13lyrics interfere with code
this song is so epic
Progressive Harmonics with light choir....
Hmmmm, what other songs can link to that...
13progressive trance is my home genre, ambient comes next, especially in the vein of the Myst OSTs
Shizuka: This song makes me wanna play custom robo.
i give up on talking until i finish this download. when i download things, it leaves none of my net for anything else.
I'm not that into Trance music types, so I cannot actually "point" anywhere where you may find new things.
dat Ghosties
But for Ambient, I recommend Super MEtroid OSts. :P
Toasties
13A State of Trance is where i picked up a handful of the tracks i used in the cathedral mixes
04Hello everyone
my music type is mostlike Metal but i still like to hear something else sometimes :3
hay Ghost
Shizuka: Thats why this sounds so familiar!
Ghosties: Sup bro /)
Ghosties:
/me takes a Ghost Buster gun and sucks Ghosties into a trap and puts it beside him on the DJ table.
hi Ghosties
ohai Ghosties. I hope you're feeling better than i am.
00,02wait....
13i throw in classics like metallica and the one album of rob zombie i have from time to time
Hi Ghosties :3
00,02is this downloading all of tf2
13probably
13the server has to understand everything
Phase4: lolwut?
Oh Shizuka !
Got any "spooky" trance music?
00,02ACS13123, setting up a linux dedicated server
Ghosties: are you a wizard who can cure me?
04How is everyone doing?
13spooky no
Phase4: Most likely then :/
Ghost30k: sick
C418
:3
13anthem trance is what most of my favorites fall into
How 8 bit trippy music this is...
00,02ACS13123, on linux
Ghosties: dooin good
13C418 composed the Minecraft OST
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: What?
hiya Ghosties
04And unless you count me telling you "get some medicine, 4thWall" then no, I am not nore will I ever be a wizard
uhhh hi?
13this is off his Seven Years of Server Data album
Shizuka: so, any chiptune stuff?
04*nor
hi Ghost30k
Phase4: So, its your own server then?
UGH
13ah ja and i have probably 100 tracker files
hello everypony
MahBoi777: tab fail?
hiya LightTrooper105
sure i guess
LightTrooper105: Sup bro /)
XD
00,02ACS13123, yeah
13i love this bass line coming up
otakon: yea, mah bad Ghost30k
I'm inda amazed so far...
/me salute to otakon and Iron_Edge
no prob
Noone has asked for ponies :P
Phase4: Wuts the ip gonna be :p
god this is the longest I've been up in awhile
Ghosties: you're still amazing. :)
13this is about the only one off that album i liked enough to throw in the potpourri list
00,02ACS13123, not public yet
Oh Shizuka ! Heard the VVVVVV sound tracks?!
13nope
04Lol thanks
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: what's the "sick" for?
Recommend you take a listen to them, they have an interestin mix you may enjoy
13not much into pixel perfect platformers
Hopefully
Nono, the music of course.
Ghost30k: because i am sick
Shizuka: argh I hate those
13ja but it dampens my interest in their soundtracks usually
so why'd you tab me?
Shizuka: Mind I take 1 or 2 songs that I can request then?
13last of interest in the game translates to not looking up the OST
Ghost30k: Tab fail. Meant to ping Ghosties
13oh now i see the problem, i forgot to actually put the Myst OSTs in the list
Shizuka: I wouldnt entirely say that. Certain games blow as far as gameplay etc... but the sountrack is sick.
Chat derp back
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: ahhh ok lol my bad :$
Shizuka: have ya given Scott Pilgrim Vs. The World The Game a look? the OST is good stuff imo
13mooooood whiplaaaaaaaash
So mind I request 2 songs?
00,02RAGE
It's sad... I've just read through the transcripts of the Marco Polo serial from Doctor Who. It's something that should not have gone missing :(
otakon: THANK YOU THAT OST IS DA BEST
04Need something 4thWall?
00,02winscp only accepts rsa keys
/me 00,02uses ecdsa
Ohai Ghosties :)
that german song title lol
Ghost30k: I bought it on iTunes so very good
Shizuka: Example: Sonic the Buckin hedgehog. Screen right Screen right thats it..
04Hello
Ghosties: no. just tab failed earlier
04Ah
otakon: i have the game
Ghost30k: same here
13anyone recognize what she's covering yet?
Ohai Pinkies4thWall|Sick
Sounds a bit like Brodyquest
:/
no it's .....
13the title should give it away anyway
/me breaks randomly
GODDAMIT I KNOW IT
/me dances like a egiptian
Shizuka: something not good
/me cough cant read german....
I know what it is but I can't put the name
13i love how the lyrics matched the meter perfectly
how do you become a staff member here?
Dammit Shadow ran away
13sell your soul
XD
lol Shizuka
Damn shizu beat me to the snappy come back.
oh my god
Shizuka: omg what is this xDDD iam laughing so hard
Give me 100 dollars, Ghost30k :3
NO
weeeooohhhhh weeeooohhh
Dance like an egyptian
Dat Blumchen
Shizuka do you take I.O.U or cheks ? i'm short on souls lately
Shizuka: ja leider :D
13might have to look up Walk Like An Egyptian some time and see if it overlays with this as well as the Land of Confusion cover
well back to writing my FiM fic OHHH THE NERD IN ME MUST BE UNLEASHED
am I right?
Ghost30k: i accept ponies
Shizuka: too tired cann remember that
13urite~
<3
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: NO
Rain: hello how are you tonight?
good
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: XD
Rain: Why hello ms. itchy back :)
:( Ghost30k y u no share pony?
my back isnt itchy tonight
13blumchen was the first german artist i heard :3
/me brushes Iron_Edge's mane
13apart from 99 Luftballon but that doesn't count
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: i don't have any to share:'(:'(
Rain: I see...*sharpens knife*
i has no idea what to draw now ....
Lol
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: :3
lol
/me 13coughs
13vivi x me
/me 13coughs
yes OTP
anypony else?
13:3
/me brushes Phase4's mane
/me sleeper agent activated must draw VIVI x Shizuka....
00,02Pinkies4thWall|Sick, ^_^
Shizuka: are you german or do you just understand it? xD
lool?
13took 3 years of it
13between that and liebe vivi
12fish
/me brushes Mahboi777's mane
13now, i run this playlist when i'm playing tf2
/me wishes he could speak another language...
Shizuka i would love too, but to be honest right now i use models, A.K.A i see a picture and advance from there
13here is a sample of the mood whiplash i get
Hmm...
/me glomps Polydunami
CupcakeWarrior!
oh god, I love this song~~~~
Hi :D
13http://fav.me/d4j0js4 :3
this seems familiar
so soothing~~
...
but I can't place it
/me hugs CupcakeWarrior
Hi CupcakeWarrior :)
soothing :3
Shizuka: Thats how I know your twisted in the head like pyro. Who listens to THIS while spreaing blood shed and setting the world on fire???
I found the perfect movie to B movie...
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall|Sick
13credits song for Angel Beats!
Hey, I've been rather distracted from Bronystate over the past few days.
13Iron_Edge: IKR
... Mainly by Doctor Who :3
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0387808/
yup~~
DAT MOVIE for b!
Shizuka: ah... THE ANIME I HAVE NO IDEA WHATS GOING ON TO THE 100th POWER!
13Iron_Edge: actually the better example is on wednesday when the update dropped
need a vivi one too
13We Didn't Start The Fire is what came up
NotVordox: I got a better one, Birdemic
BIRDEMIC
Shizuka: so many bubbles and rainbows......I still have nightmares...
otakon: Nah, I prefer something called "quality"
/me laughs manically
Shoot, I KNEW I recognised this, Shizuka :S
I actually watched that not too long ago
13http://fav.me/d4l0l42
Anyone here got a PS3?
NotVordox: it's TERRIBAD like The Room
Ghost30k: here.
No, it's not
I'm not wasting1 and a half hour for watching soemthing that's has no effort in it
The Room has nothing on Birdemic
otakon: what games?
Ghost30k: no MP stuff except for Scott Pilgrim.
00,02urgh, half an hour to copy
13oh also
00,02where did i leave that ethernet cable....
13http://fav.me/d4nju5r
otakon: Scott Pilgrim has MP? o.O
GrimGallop: um... ARE YOU KIDDING? Birdemic I think is worse than the room
Ghost30k: yeah...co-op man. but I don't think it has online co-op...crap
shizu you basicly kill me with that one .... i'll try my best..
13:3
ohhh that's what i thought luls
04I thought they added drop-in co-op now
My goodness, that Pyro's high on his own fumes xD
Ghost30k: ads
Pyro made the term Insanity O_O
wow talking to my self IMA PRO :D
Shizuka in a nutshell.
I meant on a scale of badness. If you were looking for the worst possible movie to watch with a bunch of friends to make fun of, Birdemic wins hands down.
I need to rest, for I give blood tomorrow.
GrimGallop: and that is what I was going ofr
for*
Shizuka: Rain -> http://i.imgur.com/42z0b.png and Rain's cutie mark http://i.imgur.com/SoIfs.png
:3
One of my friends got Birdemic from a nreaby Family Video for 50 cents. After the movie, I asked him if Family Video was like the shop from those old Block Blister skits...
Let's see, Pinkies4thWall|Sick... a butt made of cheese... or swiss cheese legs... ?
GrimGallop: lol
13another good track for the vis
Polydunami: i c wut u did thar
I got nothing :S
00,02i hear animusic
Okay, I'm sleepy now.
13oh yes
It's Canada Day, after all. I've got to rest up.
13very good for the vis
13almost better than the original video :3
13almose~
here in mexico it's Engineer's day :p
Shizu, did you see my OC I posted? :3c
13wuuuuuub~
<3
13<33
rain x vivi x shizu?
13x canary
x cana- beat me to it <3
13:3
13x ninjaninja~
anyone wanna see a picture that i was too lazy to finish in a week?
Morning everypony. Just woke *YAWN*
wgify Rain ?
I want to go to bed
morning FairysHuff
Also, hey FairysHuff!
"There gonna have to glue yew back ta' gether' IN HELL!" That is possibly the best quote ever to me.
which oc Rain
what, NotVordox?
http://i.imgur.com/42z0b.png and Rain's cutie mark http://i.imgur.com/SoIfs.png
that one
Polydunami: Darkts3|Drawing|MLG *hugs*
That looks like a General Zoi Pony
ah what?
13let us see who ist paying attention~
a what?*
Rain: I swear I thought you were ghost pony for a minute.
moar pony dubstep >.>
Rain: a OC made in a flash program with predeterimante templates
nope, just white pink with platinum hair
AHHHH
Shizuka: You wouldnt happen to have a picture of your OC and/or Vi's?
/me YELLS
13i linked it before .-.
04>ghost ponyh
So people might remeber me talking about MLP ties? well there's a website that accepts any images
04*pony
04AHA!
Yep, I'm rather sleepy.
13[02:19] [@Shizuka] http://fav.me/d4j0js4 :3
13[02:20] [@Shizuka] http://fav.me/d4l0l42
Ghost30k: Ah....I knew you would catch that haha..
13ohai ghosties
13you did not pay attention to the disembodied voice
Iron_Edge: catch what?
NotVordox http://i.imgur.com/9k1cs.png
04I must not have paid attention ><
/me YELLS
13pinkies is paying attention :3
Oh hey there, Ghosties. Been a while.
:3
wtf Rain :P
Ghost30k: nothing
I now just need a suitable design...
04It has been awhile, haven't seen you around lately
AHH
/me YELLS
what, NotVordox? you were making fun of my oc being made in the oc creator
Shizuka: I shall draw it...
so I linked one that was made in actual Flash
Rain: I lieked your OC...
Rain: So it was?
http://static.fimfiction.net/images/avatars/13108_128.jpg
Eh. I've been here. Just not chatting. Plus sleeping for once.
well yeah.
Rain: And the other one you drew yourself?
No worries, FairysHuff. I was distracted from Bronystate over the past few days, myself.
/me YELLS
AHH!
/me YELLS
IM PAYING ATTENTION
AHH
/me YELLS
13X3
13dat delay~
Polydunami: fairy fluff
Mainly by watching Doctor Who for the first time :3
no, NotVordox. a friend made it for me
Rain: Oh
Rain: Well...erm...nice plot, missy?
/me YELLS
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: So im gonna take a long shot here and guess your wanting attention?
brb, just woke so pee time.
I would draw one myself but I have been in an artistic block for the past 2 years @_____@
I HEAR OLD MUSIC
Awww, it's been remixed. :'(
13enigma is so good
I hear O Fortuna
Rain: I shall draw rain....
Iron_Edge: i was paying attention
also, you think that plot is nice? try this one http://i.imgur.com/IcE0F.png
Rain: Just try it then. :P
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: *rim shot*
O woah
Carmen Buranda...
GOd darnit Rain...
my internet is derping
13Screen Behind The Mirror used O Fortuna a lot, but it's so awesomely done
SO bad
Dat PLot is hereby SOPA'd :P
Oh mai~
I have tried, NotVordox. problem is /artistic block/
Shizuka: But...but...O Fortuna is too good to be remixed.D:
13writer's block
13i has..
I sit there for hours trying to draw something and nothing comes out..
Rain: 0.0 oh my....
i have a wooden block :3
I have sprite block for the past 8 years
Doesn't stop me now though :P
00,02rugh
00,02i'm breaking this pc
00,02why u no reboot
Phase4: you should ask it nicely
13you must construct additional rams
http://img189.imageshack.us/img189/3129/vordoxpony3.png <--- my OC(Aint finished)
Phase4: Dont do it ;^; you might loose ballonicorn if you do...
also, I think I have one of the few OCs that change their mane and tail style :3
13haha now i have trixie's dA :3
Night, TheGreatAndPowerfulT.
Shizuka: hehe
13http://fav.me/d4y0prk :3
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Dat pie :3
My OC got the best swag. :P
Shizuka: whos your profile pic?
Shizuka: hnnnnggg....
My big brother best friend forever <3
Night Night ~
You don't know Asuka?
13http://i.imgur.com/sdEK1.png
o
Shizuka: I look at that and think of the fish things from blue six.
I know that bodysuit all too well :S
13amazing what a teeny bit of blur did for that pic when i blew it up
Shizuka: Or maybe zero suit...but red
IDK
Polydunami: lol
13fun fact, where the rock starts sloping more level, that didn't exist in the original pic
13nor did the background clouds
13nor was she facing right..
13or straight up
Sticking your face in a sink full of water certainly helps to wake you up.
Hm? Did I say something funny? @_@
13basically i found a pic and edited it a lot and abused content aware fill and it came out beautiful~
hehehe
shizu is best abuser of tools :3
Shizuka: Well done madame well done. All my internets to you.
13:3
13http://www.vortalcord.net/ it's shrunk down from the master size
Tomorrow is a busy day for Polydunami. After all is said and done, I watch the next Doctor Who serial.
13twister OST is awesome btw :3
Goodnight everyone, going to fall asleep to this stream
ikr?
12345
04Night Cobellanex
the lower strings in this song are really good
night
04*Cobellanez
13also good for tf2, the swells somehow match up with game action all the time :3
Cobellanez: Later /)
(\
Up next is "The Keys of Marinus".
Gnight, Cobellanez.
Polydunami: Finally watched some cr.who huh?
whose streaming?
Ehehe :$
Shizuka: I know that all too well. You tagged that image all over my base when I was going solo >:3 so i got to die seeing it and re-spawn as well..
13:3
04I believe Shizuka is streaming
j a^
ja ^*
I knew the Marco Polo serial was missing so I found and read through the transcripts today.
13there :3
Shizuka: Thanks for the instrumentals. I love instrumental music. So easy to listen to and relax without vocals pouding into my brain.
I'm going to have to do that a lot over the next coming days :S
13iker
0123 4567890
Ohai Asuka.
Polydunami: Which Dr.Who did you start with?
13i love that guitar wail
I started at the very beginning
Shizuka: Ohai there dying image have we met before...
With William Hartnell and everything
wait, random memory flash. did Iron_Edge say he was going to draw me?
okay that's it
Shizuka: I reccomend a band called Two steps from hell. Sounds like a metal band I know but they do instrumental epic music.
13ohai otakon
can't stay up no longer though I want to
Rain: *takes spy ciggerete out of my mouth and speaks in fancy* Zis is correct.
sleep well, otakon
Polydunami: Ah so you found a place to watch them then?
Shizuka: been here dear... just quiet bc zoning out due to tired
oh look its otakon...lets say nothing
DAMN YOU PC BURNOUT!
otakon: Sleep is an enchanting mistress..
Well, yeah
Shizuka: thank you kindly for the music though, it was enjoyable :)
wait...suddenly something peppy
8 bit <3
Night, otakon.
after this
I got my second wind
lul
/me 13cues up sleepy for otakon~
-lol
Anyway, I should head to bed now. Goodnight everypony!
wb
night Polydunami sleep well
Where have I heard this before?
Polydunami: Later bro /)
13EDGE OST
Night, Polydunami. Take care.
EDGE?
13also a good game
otakon: yes?
EDGE!
I don't recognize that one...
Ninjazz: WAT?? >:3
Thank you WTF is.
/me thinks and thinks.
Iron_Edge: Oh you.
TO GOOGLE!
I'll see you guys... next time I see you, I guess :$
GOOGLE
Ninjazz: No I was just trolling cause ya' know the OST has a part of my name in it..
bye Polydunami! take care
I'm clever enough to figure that out, Iron_Edge. :D
Okay this is fucking stupid. I have to have two browsers open. chrome so i can see the stream, Firefox because when i type in Chrome it looks like this: 1234567890
Shizuka: I love me jrpgs. Not enough of them get released in the UK though. Is sad. ~_~
/me dances
FML
otakon: google is the only answer
Ninjazz: Maybe but im not clever enough to know you took the hint :3
Shamroc: I got a premium account btw
Pinkies4thWall|Sick2: dude, just stick with Firefox
Shamroc: And ma' baloonicorn
Iron_Edge...eek you spent 18$ on that thing..
otakon: but stream doesn't work on FF
Shamroc: So if you need any material etc...give me your list and ill give you whatever you need.
Wow this song. :O
13silly winamp i told you stop after current
13here is some sleepy for otakon
Pinkies4thWall|Sick2: dude, check your flash bc if mines working yours shold be
Shamroc: Oh no. I got it as a surprise gift.
otakon: all i get is a white box
Iron_Edge...what do you mean? well i need 3 direct hits to make the new rocket launcher
Shamroc: -lol 18 bits for a ballooon?? :D
Ooo, Lilium
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: clear cache, check flash
dat lilium
/me has a midi of this as his ringtone
13two versions of the song
/me sings along~~
this song...WHERE have I heard it before?
13plus like three others at the end
sounds like Persona
Shamroc: Special boxes that when activated on the stage give random gifts out to so many ponys.
13Elfen Lied
oh
13a.k.a. one of shizu's first animes that's very good but that she will not stream
sounds like the Velvet Room to me
Elfen Lied is totally appropriate for a MLP room. You should stream it sometime.
Shamroc: And ok. I'll start collecting them.
otakon: It's from a very gory anime
Shizuka: it's screwed up a bit eh?
13basically
04Elfen Lied is definitely pushing it
FairysHuff: I know what it's from, I've heard.
Ah. The song that never got the official part. They're all fan made remixes basically.
kite
13the first six minutes are a naked girl tearing people apart with psychic powers
04Gore galore and fan service out the wazoo
This makes me want to play Assassins Creed...
mezzo forte
Or maybe Twilight Princess....
13and every episode after someone is similarly torn in half with massive fountains of blood
Iron_Edge: you got a pile of secret saxtons? the one that gives a gift to like 20 ponys?
13the story is very very good, but you have to get past the gore first
04How about Ikki Tousen? Huh?
Shamroc: Yeah, and I lucked out to be one of those lucky ponys.
Shizuka: yep thats elfen lied for you.....only know that anime cause one of my freinds is a massive otaku
c'mon! It's no crazier than any of the YTP that gets shown.
13true, and we've shown worse movies
ikki is pretty funny
the gore is part of it and i like it awsoem show :3
13but shizu does have a sense of decorum :3
Ghosties: but PSG is actually FUNNY where IT just tries too hard
Shamroc: And now I haz a cute floaty balloon unicorn friend who tells me to keel them all >:3
Ghosties: Yeh. I only watched the first 4 episodes before I couldn't watch anymore. But not because of gore or fanservice. But because I could see it ending with a sad ending a mile away and I didn't want to see it.
13i do have limits of what i will put ponies through :3
04I KNOW
04Cromartie High
so, PSG then?
wait so Iron_Edge you got a boolincorn from a gift drop? and then you got one of you're own?
Shizuka: Do you really?? The scorch mark on my flank says otherwise.
Ghosties: YES
queen's blade
13elfen lied has an amazing payoff at the end
CROMARTIE HIGH!
04Zero gore and it's PG
DeadpoolDash: oh GOD now
Shamroc: No just one from the gift drop.
manyuu hikenchou
04But it's like the funniest anime I've ever seen
Ghosties: THAT IS A GODDAMN PLAN!
13i know what i need to pull from my archives and put people through after angel beats
13haibane renmei~
Ghosties has GOT a GODDAMN PLAN
13moar sleepy for otakon
XD
Shamroc: I bought a few wep from the shop just for the extra space and trading options.
oh neat
04...HEY! Some anime! There's been hardly any movement! *pencil falls on floor* O-Oh..it's moving
/me is 50% awake now
Shizuka: So long as Elfen Lied doesn't have a depressing ending I may watch it on your reccomendation
Shamroc: I mean the balloonicorn is kool and all but not worth 18 bits. -lol
so yeah i need 3 direct hits Iron_Edge if you could help me
13it's a little like inception where you're not sure if the story got closed or not
FairysHuff: Bittersweet more like.
13iirc the anime finished before the manga
gantz
Shamroc: I gotcha. Whenever I get them I'll keep you updated.
^
Shizuka: Aaah. Then thats the kind of anime I hate the most ^_^
13but at least it did end
black lagoon
Same happened with the StarOcean anime. That drove me nuts
13unlike other series that just.. won't... die...
Shizuka: moop...that is all
Shizuka you're a bagpipe fan too?
04I can tell you why Cromartie High is the greatest anime ever: An entire episode is devoted to the students trying to remember a song from the radio
13this is Riverdance
13i love it
13it's the only album of its kind i have, but that's okay
Hey everypony!! :)
do you liky silly clover?
hey ponyloverforeva
swirly colours O_O
ponyloverforeva: Sup bro /)
13Ghosties: isn't there a scene where the whole school has to answer whether milk is the main ingredient in yogurt?
oh ello ponyloverforeva
04Yes
/me Yawns
04It's in a contest to see who the biggest badass is
13dagobah.net had a few clip loops posted at one time
Iron_Edge: im fine bro /)
Shizuka: i now want to watch.....now.......RIGHT FRAKIN NOW
13i love this song so much
Ponies47: Dont you have a bed to be lying in little filly >:3
04And every guy that's tough is too stupid to know otherwise save for the main character
Damn you Shizuka I need to have breakfast but I don't want to leave while good instrumental music is playing ^_^
Wel lI'm gonna call it a night. I'm sleepy and plus the battery on the laptop is about to die so.....
GOOD NIGHT EVERYPONY! :)
13http://youtu.be/F_v1rUuanaw
Ponies47: /)
Ponies47: Nighty
FairysHuff: take the computer with you
Iron_Edge: (\
FairysHuff play it loud for the whole house
nighty night Ponies47
hmm music tiem?
ohai DaringDude
DaringDude: Nope "Ova' time the point is being tested"
hai Pinkies4thWall|Sick :)
Pinkies4thWall|Sick: It's a heavy widescreen laptop with cables up the wazoo ^_^
Iron_Edge: Yeah. Well not a bed. A air mattress :$
Bluestrom_S: Wouldn't be fair to my grandparents.
this music is making me sleepy -_-
Ponies47: Closest thing to a cloud for you little one ^-6
Ponies47: ^-^
Outro.
1234567
oh Shizuka stream over
It's happening.
Iron_Edge: :)
DAT ZOOOOOOOM
133am
oh wait nvm
13i should sleep
thanks for the tunes shizuka. is time for sleep
omg i just realized Portal 2 DLC had Meet the Pyro clip in it
Shizuka: you too eh? sleep well dear, thank you again for the stream
Aye. Thanks for the stream, Shizu.
4am here Shizuka
i finally figure out what that little this was
thanks for the stream Shizuka
Shizuka: take care and sleep soundly :)
/me curls up by the fire and raises a wing for Shizu invitingly
This is the kind of music I listen to while I sleep or travel. Love it.
13~<3
good night Shizuka
/me 13curls up by the fireplace~
fruit hour KiwiBoi777 ?
/me is now 1% awake
Shizuka: Thanks for the stream. *Hugs*
Rain: By chance would you happen to have a better image of your OC?
So yeah good night wubs and talk to you guys later :)
/me puts a blanket over Rain and Shizuka
/me puches otakon
/me drapes a wing over Shizuka
Rain: the only one I have is uhh...*cough* plot....
otakon: you more awake now?
13nervous_testpilot - Deeper, from the Frozen Synapse OST http://youtu.be/kc1SH5hWMLE
Iron_Edge one sec
Shamroc: now........at........... .5%
/me "are we punching otakon???" punches otakon
otakon: welp dont fall asleep on the keyboard
/me is going out now, goodnight all!
Night.
night otakon
otakon: /)
suddenly silence
/me tucks otakon in
gnight otakon! take care!
and.....
take care everyone ans sleep soundly, may your dreams be fulfilling :) Iron_Edge (\
night otakon
00,02Shizuka, dat outro link
I'm gone
13ikr
13shameless self promotion
/me glomps DaringPineapple
Shizuka: woo shameless plugs
lol
HEY DaringPineapple!
Shizuka: not shameless! sinc eyou have shame and all that
Shizuka: Plug it in plug it in~
/me hugs KiwiBoi777 :3
/me bonks Shamroc's head
Well it's now bittersweet that I can now go get breakfast ^_^
ow.......
Hai KiwiBoi777 i just got back
13it has more views than the award show so far
13451 to 411
hehehe
13my riven huts video is almost to 1000
DaringPineapple: how have you been?:)
good just lots of yardwork on my weekend off work
/me wanna hijack the stream...must find a way to "Hack for dummies"
/me wants to stream George Carlin
00,02why is it slower over ethernet that wireless
00,02whats broken
13while i am plugging...
13http://www.vortalcord.net/projects/
00,02dat was me switching back to wireless, stupid broken cable
Dem Shizu plugs
Phase4: more LA Noire with officer
man who cant do anything right?
00,02cole phelps: worst officer ever
00,02drives backwards and doesnt afraid of anything
00,02this is quite anoying
00,02i thought "might as well try a tf2 server, cant possibly be that hard
Phase4: and still gets rewarded for failing 3 times in a row in an intergation
00,02turns out it needs to download all the tf2 for that
13yeah it's mostly in the items i think
00,02Shamroc, the second one was a bug
has the stream stopped or is it just me?
13it has to know what everything is
13plus maps are massive things
00,02seems to be maps and sounds for me
00,02yeah
Phase4: pshha the game new you were gonna fail....
all the things
00,02maps are ~60%
and hats
13maps pretty much start at 50MB and go up from there i think
00,02Shamroc, "its not a bug, its a feature"
00,02Shizuka, i'm seeing some smaller maps, but mostly yeah
the most advanced hat simulator ever created
00,02the small ones are jump maps
13itemtest is the smallest
00,02^ DeadpoolDash
13or should be
Phase4: the "auto-failure Feature: the game can tell when you're about to fuck up....so we make it so you dont fuck up...but you still get punshied for the thing you didnt fuck up"
13of the stock maps... i would guess..... koth_nucleus is smallest?
13or maybe 2fort
its beginning to look alot like Dustbowl
13seeeentries everywhere~
i dont know the lyrics to that
...darnit
13we are trapped inside our spawn~ we have uber so move on~
13http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y009oQEa8d8
I forgot that Princess Anne is visiting a Hospice near where I live today. Everyone is going ape over it. I couldn't care less though.
00,02pootis
00,02pootis everywhere
gotam.
so yeah Phase4 LA noire or not
never answered
http://youtu.be/2HjLN1TA3bc
00,02Shamroc, mabey
Phase4: that mabey=yes
no one streaming?
DeadpoolDash: Almost got that song out of my head. Ty.
Jurassic Bark
you are very welcome
wn
b
Everytime I hear "You and me, hoss" ... I start dancing like an idiot to the song.
txm
Song or not.
lol
np
So guys
>MicTheMicrophone >Anything other than egotistical and talentless ( no Fimfiction hasn't been hacked, just felt like venting. Think of it like a drive against cancer! (You all hate cancer right?) )
what do you have to say to that?
Ninjazz: gotta move dat gear up
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i74ZY24UHrw&list=FLFSQi0k65Vufp8alo2vc6Lw&index=12&feature=plpp_video so true
KiwiBoi777: Gottam. Gottam.
XD
http://youtu.be/2Lnk__FimwU http://youtu.be/Os7a5pF7ycs
o__o;
http://youtu.be/zv_1RcBCWeU
/me 13yawns
HOLY FUKCING SHIT I NEED THAT NAO!
13sleepy time for me~
13nacht ponies~
Gnight, Shizuschlafen. ^_^
gnight Shizuschlafen!
night
even though the sun doesnt go down
I guess Nintendo will take a while to announce the elite prize
so I`ll head to bed I guess...
cya CrimsonPhoenix
Gooood night everypony
gnight CrimsonPhoenix!
http://youtu.be/tTon0ydxZRI
Night, CrimsonPhoenix.
Dat Shwiggan.
all his stuff is awesome
So freakin' true.
Btw, that clop part in that video is one of the most random things ever.
yep
yeh so Phase4 if you do play LA Noire...i'll be you're partner...the dude has the same last name as me...
00,02hmmm
00,02i kinda want to play kerbal but i've made it everywhere
Hello everpony! :D
00,02ohai MusicalPony
Phase4: !!!
Hey there, MusicalPony.
is nobody streaming?
idk :P
Maybe Phase4 in a bit.
Hai, Phase4, btw.
LifelessShadow26: I LOVE YOU!
:O
haha i love you too! :3
:)
;)
all the love..
: D
:D
so much love shamroc XD
Wheres FairysHuff when you need her?
This is the BS theatre. .__.
Side rooms are closed.
^
Ninjazz: what?
MusicalPony: love you! :)
Those separate chat rooms are only open during movie nights and other random events the mods like to ambush us with.
LifelessShadow26: I love you too!
This is the main room.
Wow, dah wub.
Ninjazz: why are the siderooms down?
Ghosties: !!!!!!!!
04MusicalPony!!!!!!!!
Ghosties: !!! haha how are yo?!
you*
04I am fine, thanks. Yourself?
MusicalPony: Not down. Just closed.
Ghosties: im fantastic. got my brony boyfriend to join the chatroom! :D
*wubstep
Ninjazz: what?
http://youtu.be/h2ZXSzaUIBQ
Ninjazz: why?
04Oh? Awesome, who is it?
EXCLAMTION MARKS !!!!!!!!!
Ghosties: LifelessShadow26
04Is he on right now?
some of it sounds enticing
also, did some surround fixuping this morning
he changed his name :facehoof:
nope
evil
04Ohhh
MusicalPony: Unneccessary to have them open now, i guess.
this time, on CardCaptor Sakura
/me shrugs
used a moderaely modified SnO workflow from yesterday
:D
04Well, introduce me to him and I'll say hello
Ninjazz: oh. alright then
Ghosties: hes right there. changed his name back
?
Ghosties is ganna give a welcome hug to some one?
04And the side rooms are closed because we thought it'd be eaiser to maintain
04*easier
Ghosties: well that makes sense
04Hello, LifelessShadow, it's nice to meet you :)
Ghosties: dont you have ghost stuff to do? like ALWAYS
http://i.imgur.com/mYNE1.png < SnO workflow
Ghosties: Hello Ghosties! Nice to meet you too! :)
Shamroc: haha nice :P
o-o
Ain't that sweet. ^_^
04Oh yeah, you're right Shamroc!
i know im right
Ghosties: what is it that ghosts do?
04Alrighty, can check that off the list
lol
so that's baisically how i fix the bad surround half-upscale for Sora No Otoshimono/Heaven's Lost Property
04Hey, you guys can see the kick message yes?
LifelessShadow26: boo
Ghosts haunt your underwear drawer when you are not looking
dat ghost task
the kick message?
04* Shamroc was kicked by Ghosties...
04That message
Ghosties: whats ghost task #2
oh yeah. i can see it Ghosties
If I run over to my other client, yes.
some effects, some audio analysis meters
Phase4: PLAY TF2!!!
haunt underwear drawers is ghost task #2
00,02working on stuff
Phase4: like?
Ghosties: and task number 3?
00,02oh lol
00,02MusicalPony, setting up a tf2 server
YAY!
Ghosties: wait how many ghost tasks do you have to preform?
04As many ghost tasks as needs to be
Ghosties: oh...ok then
/me is so busy he runs an emporium
hey guys
a what Ghosties
:O
/me takes a nap
also ello alexxm
Hey there, alexxm.
02*WB03(Ray03)02WB* - <Ray> 02I'm a walking CDC nightmare, It makes me want to hug someone
04Come on down to Ghosties' Ghost House Emporium! If I ain't got your ghost, then this ghost gonna ghost outta town...ghost ghost
hello alexxm
Who knew Ghosties were so busy?
Ghosties: i need 1 ghost please...is that possible?
/me will be sending you a ghost shortly
hey Shamroc Ninjazz and MusicalPony how are you doing
wooo i got a ghost!
...wait
alexxm: im agood.
Alright well i just wanted to show my Brony BF the chatroom.. my work here is done.
TTYL everypony :}
:]
cya MusicalPony
bey MusicalPony
byee!
Cya, MusicalPony.
Ooo~ My color is purple.
04See ya MusicalPony
00,02its my birthday today
lolHB phase4
00,02my sister just gave me chocolate :3
oh congrats and happy b-day Phase4
Yay! Happy Birthday, Phase4!
also Ghosties thanks
Phase4: if i had the money id buy you CSS so hard right now
/me throws a party for Phase4
happy birthday Phase4
Happy B-day Phase4 :)
00,02:3
04Not a problem
/me 00,02hugs #bronystate
04Oh, Happy Birthday Phase~
Happy birthday phase4 :D
/me hugs Phase4 back
Phase4: Happy birthday bro /)
/me hugs Phase4
/me glomps Phase4
/me hugs phase back
that feel when I recognise Ninjazz and musicalpony said she was introducing him >.>
/me jumps into chat
happy birthday Phase4
d3rb-afk: /)
Phase4: do u have the free xchat dl link u gave to Gunthler?
oh ello Rain....besy keep you're voice down...dont want to wake shizu up..
/me resumes being afk
o__o;
Wait whut?
00,02APS, http://code.google.com/p/xchat-wdk/
I recognise you from somewhere, Ninjazz >_>
Also, hello, Rain.
ty Phase4
Rain: hes been here before..
00,02dese terminals are me setting up a tf2 server
I've been here for a while. -__-
00,02its a slow process cause its actualy downloading tf2
00,02realy anoying
i walked past the computer at the right time Ninjazz, had to say happy birthday
hi Rain
oh..
00,02the other one (one with yellow on in) is me copying across from this machine
Phase4: So you'll be able to host like shizu does?
thats why I recognise you, Ninjazz. Because MusicalPony thought she was introducing you to the chat when she wasnt
hey Rain hows your day been
Phase4: woooo servers are fun
Iron_Edge: well like shizu..but all the time
00,02Iron_Edge, not sure if shizu uses dedicated or the embeded server
00,02i'm setting up a dedicated one
Phase4: shizu use's her own client..its a listen server
Shamroc: hahahahaha....shamroc get your sign ready >:3
Phase4 - idea for a new rocket! http://i.imgur.com/bQUkN.jpg
Ahhhhhh. I see. So it is I who doesn't recognize MusicalPony and she/he doesn't know me so it was... reversed? :S
00,02that will take its time
/me is confused.
/me shrugs
00,02Mutterguy, dat rocket
Phase4 how about one of the thunderbirds
I thought she said that she was introducing her bf or something
Ah, well.
I am... not her... or his... bf. :$
Mutterguy: I see I see......this is brilliant FUND IT everypony NAO
Phase4, Ghosties, Iron_Edge, Rain, Ninjazz, good night...im off to sleep.......been up for 23 hrs...and sleep is needed
00,02O_O
Ninjazz: you are a male right....
00,02Shamroc, SLEEP NOAW
Ah, Gnight, Shamroc. Impressive, btw.
Shamroc: Wow 0.0....
Happy birthday, Phase4! :)
Iron_Edge: last time I checked, yeah.
Shamroc: night bro /)
Shamroc caffine is your friend
oh nevermind, sorry. she was talking about someone else and she had a random reply to you in the middle of it, Ninjazz >_<
Ninjazz: -lol ok ok.
00,02Gunny, ^_^
alexxm: only had 1 soda
so I thought she was talking about you
bye Shamroc ok
Someone decided they wanted to photoshop random images from reddit/aww this was the result
00,02"Microsoft to Charge OEMs USD$80-95 for Windows RT"
but yea SLEEP AHOY
still laughing
00,02no one will want to make rt tablets
Oh, it's no big deal, Rain. No worries.
also, hello to everyone that pinged me earlier
I was just telling him/her about how the theatres arn't different chat rooms.
Phase4: it's your birthday??
MahBoi777: -lol yeah it is
00,02MahBoi777, yep
Phase4: OH Happy Birthday!:D
Happy Birthday, Phase4.
This calls for Pinkie's BD song.
00,02^_^
Happy Birthday phase4
00,02desktop ponies needs some work
00,02whoops
Phase4, what are your computer specs? You seem to be able to tun a lot of programs without a problem o_O
Holy crap xD
My comp would crash
Derpy Overload!
LOL DEPY OVERLOAD!!!
00,02Gunny, laptop 2ghz i7
lotsa derpies
00,02263oQM
00,022630QM'
Happy birthday Phase4
So much derpy....
00,02its one of the laptops with optimus
happy birthday Phase4
00,02CupcakeWarrior, ^_^
/me 00,02hugs #bronystate again
Phase4 do you like Moba style games?
/me hugs Phase4 back again
Phase4, how much was that laptop :3
/me dances on Phase4 s head and sings happy birthday
/me hugs Phase4
00,02Gunny, expencive
00,02i was lucky
whats that song?
+phase4 happy birthday
Moba is multi player battle areana, like League of legends, Dota2, HoN, ect
OMGOMGOMG Phase4
So much for sleeping soon.
Finallly
SOON
My internet is derp no more
/me hugs Phase4 "happy birthday :3"
OMG Phase4 look
00,02APS, ?
Phase4: theres a dinky on the screen!
good to hear ACS13123 any idea what was up with it
00,02i know
and happy birthday Phase4
00,02couldnt put derpy there without dinky
of course would be upside down
Phase4: the cuteness has been doubled
Phase4 whats that remix of Smile Smile Smiles called?
alexxm: no idea, it just wouldnt let me load ANY internet pages
00,02RainBowJack, no clue
00,02foozogz smile
00,02something like that
00,02http://www.livestream.com/radioeverypony
not a good version of this song
/me doesn't eat
02D:
Yeah...
nope
Phase4: rainbow factory acapella
do it
00,02XAX, i like this radio
00,02odd
00,02dont seem to have those map files
00,02download time
00,02which is anoying, its a big download
hai everypony
you should have known by now dragons don't like human food
Hello there, AppleJackHazSwagToo.
AppleJackHazSwagToo: sup bro /)
hey AppleJackHazSwagToo
AppleJackHazSwagToo: konichowa
hey AppleJackHazSwagToo hows your day been
hey alexxm i'm applejacktheoneandon just a different computer that's all
ok
that battleground of the gods looks intreasting
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFx7aIihbeY
Phase4: what did Blur end up being like?
i got Phase4 premision to post it on mane chat
It's called SMITE. It's basically a third person League of Legends
Still in beta though
00,02XAX, i realy enjoyed it
Ah
...ded?
... Reading PM's is rather... fun. But I shouldn' be reading. >.>
Ahem.
00,02interesting
00,02they're using jquery ui
00,02allso this website needs work
00,02a LOT of work
00,02this website is realy broken
well, i like it, and not many people are doing it/good at it, even in the industry
Did the key not work?
so my brother just woke up and handed me a stick of deodorant and said "this is for the lady at the window"
00,02HOLY HELL
00,02__VIEWSTATE
00,02dats a bit of post data
Rain: how odd
:P
Im like wut? and then he gets all mad at me because Im not listening to him
"if you wait 5 damn seconds I will get the rest of her stuff and hand it to you"
I asked who and he said "the lady at the damn drive through window"
I tell him we are at home and he storms off like he is pissed at me
00,02hmm
00,02i cbf decoding this
i gona sleep i gona get realy bad dreams
Rain: Sounds like he's sleep walking.
ja
I hate sleep walking
02:D
MahBoi77 you sleep walk?
/me noms?
I used too
00,02y u say invalid input
00,02its valid base65
nah, i'd rather hunt it myself :P
Rain how did you get it to stop
Sounds like fun. ^_^
In a odd... sense.
:S
it just stopped, alexxm :\
I had a neighbor who had the worst sleepwalking spells I ever saw - parents had to eventually bar the doors at night because one night he got out walked 2 houses to our front door in the middle of the night, still asleep
ok Rain any idea why?
alexxm: yea I have a bunch of times
not a clue
00,02holy crap this site is a mess
Cypresswolf|Pirate: Dangerous. Yar, btw.
Cypresswolf|Pirate, I once walked 3 blocks to my friend's house, which required that I climbed a 5 foot fence
anyone here have a PS3
I do
It's not with me, atm.
Coolio, you got any games with MP?
a few
like?
Dat Austraila
A couple.
BF3 mostly. The rest... I don't really play anymore.
/me gives BlueFlare some pokemon cards
ahh i have that too
Hell, don't even play that often anymore.
sorry i meant BF
Rain, you?
Lol ninjazz
^_^
MAG, blazblue, uncharted 3, bioshock 2, little big planet, opperation raccoon city, and a few others
MAG!!!! I LOVE THAT GAME:D
i also got LBP
02yay :D
I also have lost planet 2
Aye. I got that game too.
along with Red Dead Redemption, GTA IV, CoD: Black Ops, MW3, GR:FS
Same
I need Uncharted 3. >__<
i got the saints row games those marvel co-op games blazblue as well marvel vs capcom 3 thats all i can think of off the top of my head
I have RDR and GTA4
:D
Curse me just renting it.
00,02aparently
00,02i dont have any maps
Love those games, just finished Red Dead, but i'm still working on GTA so NO SPOILERS
JOHN MARSTON NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Ghost30k: There will be ALOT of driving.
i know
I heard an awesome pony story while at the beach meetup earlier
Spoilers~
00,02thats gona take its time
im about half way through GTA IV though
Niko's story?
ll
funny thing is, like you Ninjazz i Don't often play much either, I'm usually spending time writing this FiM fic that's gotten a bit more attention than i anticipated
DASHSTEP
:D
BronyState has more or less replaced my passion for gaming, Ghost30k.
I really wish teachers would stop giving us homework on weekends. :I
Lol
Spell-of-Gaming: Isn't it summer?
That or my damn computer and PS3 keep freakin' breaking.
LOL
Uh, not for me
drop it
/me turns down the volume
Military Brony last year got a Rarity Plushie in a package and a fellow engineer in his...station? looks at it and asks is that a pony? He had never seen ponies at that point and replies "I think so"
what?
00,02dis software isnt inspiring confidence
So. Freakin'. Jelly, Cypresswolf|Pirate.
Grrrrr.
Spell-of-Gaming: What you in summer school of something
tribes?
Why does some one who doesN'T know about ponies get a plushie? T__T
Ghost30k: I'm in a different country. :I
00,021.33GB
ahhh ok
00,02dats gona take a while
How much are MLP plushie
00,02something for my next stream
*Plushies
Engineer - Yeah, thats one of the new my little ponies - Eventually put it on his desk in his office and dressed Rarity up a little to look like a Captain, made eveyone who came into his office salute the plushie and ask permission to enter :)
/me really wants to salute that Rarity plushie
T__T
CMC
04Intriguing, yet humorous story Cypresswolf
Good morning everyone
this mixer needs to be condemed for how he handled this song
mornin Starflash!
One day his commanding officer came in sees the plushie, his commanding officer had a mascot no one had ever seen before - sees the Rarity and asked "is that really Rarity?
Mfw I'm on Opera because my virus scanner deleted firefox. Too bad.
Yes Sir! - officer opens up his left coat pocket "Mine's Pinkie Pie!"
T__T(\
Ohey there, Starflash.
Ninjazz ^-^(\
Holy shit i just looked up a Fluttershy plushie on ebay ITS GOING FOR 152 FUCKING DOLLARS WTF
oh, thats cheap. in comparison
oshi
Oh, definately.
04Definitely cheap
Wet Mane Rarity ones for for around 500$ on ebay. T__T
what
11.•10«11WB10 (Lighty10) 11WB10»11•. 10- i sooo love e-mail, i win atleast 5 cars everyday
ikr =w=
hi Lighty
how much do they go for usually?
And the price usually climbs.
00,02its about time for a ksp update
500 to 5000 somewhere
Varries, Ghost30k.
04Compared to how much bronies will pay for some items...yeah, $152 is pretty bargain priced
how much would a fluttershy plush cost?
For how much did that notorious Lyra plushie go?
Ghost30k: like 200 and something
o.o
/me hugs Starflash
wow fail
at bronycon a random Rarity Plushy sold for 500 dollars
04Eh, let's not talk too much on that specific plushie Starflash
/me hugs MahBoi777 back
not paying that much for a fucking plushie
heh, I guess not. sorry ^^'
Agreed.
He saw the show much later on youtube, and :) hosted the event yesterday - best pony story I've heard
/me needs a Rarity plushie
Ghosties: it was awesome. we had a good time ^_^
Is it weird i just got a boner from watching the E3 AC3 trailer?
/me but doesn't have the damn cash T__T
I have a mighty need for a fluttershy plushie!!
13hi glacy
02wait
02what kind of Pokemon cards?
I actually got 160 something for graduation ^^
a shame we didn't get in the book/ pamphlet thingy :/
why do plushies go for so much
Ghost30k: it'd be weird if you didn't
low quantity
AC3 LOOKS FUCKING AMAZING
that is all that needs to be said
04Yeah, it is a shame especially when we were told we'd be in the book
CONVERSATION OVER
00,02hmm
00,02i need a bigger craft
00,02how to make this bigger
ohh god not this game again
Secrets and lies, eh?
Pony plushies always end up out of my spend range - I'm glad Im not rich cause that's what I'd be spending my money on :) all the pony customs I could get my hands on
~
try to make the Enterprice Phase4
00,02RainBowJack, cant
00,02no saucer part
Phase4, I made a craft that looks exactly like that and for some reason it didnt work well :\
:) Be a bit one sided now that I think about it
to bad
Phase4 try to make a thunderbird
00,02Rain, i could send you mine?
like litterally like that
00,02Rain, i allso have an older one called quad
00,02i meen tri
I'd have ALL plushies :P
00,02that one was quad
00,02trick is the inner tanks are not turned on untill the other ones empty
God i need to learn how to make a plushie, I'd make a shitload of cash
00,02then you drop them
I did that >_>
and that <_<
gnight bronystate, thank you for the stream Phase4, take care everyone!
00,02...huh
00,02night MahBoi777
Gnight MahBoi777 !
NIte
/me glomps MahBoi777
04Night MahBoi
I have to pull an allnighter again like i did last week for those who remembered when i first came to this site
I can make solar orbit with it, but cant hit the mun to save my life
/me hugs everyone
/me hugs back
bye MahBoi777
^^
bye MahBoi777
BAI
I have some custom ideas I need to learn how to make - can't hire an artist to do them, most are background ponies I want in my collection
Just one simple question, Cypresswolf|Pirate... do you have Rarity in that collection of yours?
and then some I think would be cool concepts - Berry Punch drinking bird, Vinyl Scratch Bobblehead
Well if everyone will excuse me, i must get back to writing my FiM Fic, I have to finish it by Tomorrow atleast
Cya, Ghost30k. Take care.
im back everpony :]
no im not leaving, im just saying i won't be able to reply as frequently you silly filly:$
bye Ghost30k
Wb.
-_-
lol
im not leaving
Ghost30k what is your fic about
/me pats Ghost30k on the back
Uhhh rather give you the link to have you read it yourself
Ninjazz: Yes - blind bag, McD toys, 4" brushable, & Style size Rarity
this song....
you silly fillies :P
only put in 3 chapters so far but i'm working on the fourt
*fourth
its 4am on a sunday!
and?
I am jellous, Cypresswolf|Pirate. All I got was one AJ toy from McD. :c
MusicalPony: but summer break .-.
so
MusicalPony, but its 05:30...
how many people just checked their steam.
00,02parachute failed
00,02brb
Can I add you on Steam, Phase4? :P
mario_pony: im leaving on a road trip in like 8 hours.
I have to pull an allnighter, im riding to North Carolina from Florida and i wanna try to sleep through most of it
LOL
Same
WallDives: im obviously not in your ponyzone :P
except in 5 for me
MusicalPony, eenope.
04<Ghost30k> I have to pull an allnighter, im riding to North Carolina from Florida and i wanna try to sleep through most of it <-- Two ghosts will be in NC at the same time? PREPOSTEROUS!
brb gotta piss
MusicalPony: me too in like 10
mario_pony: thats cool :P
Ghosties: Why preposterous?
Ninjazz: I have several extra sets - saving to sell later on, already gave out 1 free set to somepony on here who couldnt get to McDonalds during the release
Ghost30k have fun
The meeting of Ghosties and Ghost30k shall be legendary!
HA HA
lol Phase4 are you really putting more rockets in the sky again?
00,02huh
00,02parachute worked
04I dunno, it just is preposterous
im planning on changing my Nickname to Xaiden since thats my FiM Fic username
00,02Spell-of-Gaming, sure, name is Phase4
:P
Cypresswolf|Pirate: You have the heart of Rarity, good sir. I would hoard those. :D
Ninjazz: why not just buy the actual toys?
BRB GOTTA PISS
04WELL GO PISS
I really need to update my collection picture - I have practically double my collection since January
mario_pony: Are you kidding me, bro? That's embarrsing. >.>
why is one of them always happy about everything
And... can't be bothered. :P
work up the courage
Ninjazz: ;) MINE!
Woah
00,02and no one died
Cypresswolf|Pirate: :c
i assume that wasn't supposed to happen
:P Just kidding Ninjazz :)
/me hugs Cypresswolf|Pirate
It's all good. ^_^
well i died which is why im now a cyber pony
what is this called agian?
So are you alive in the computer or like resurrected as a cyber pony?
I'd like a few good rival collectors :) compare the ponies special to each
RainBowJack: Kerbal Space Program. I thnk.
Crush Kill Destroy SWAG
Holy Shit i've gotten 181 views already, 11 likes, 14 favourites, and 17 comments (though most are my replys) wow... and it only has what, 2.5k on the word count
all in only 6 hours
:D
/me claps
RainBowJack you have to kill the green things with dangerous rockets
I am truly impressed with myself
the second one lucky they did a good job on me, you cant even tell if i was cyber enhanced
good work Ghost30k
00,02WELL
00,02DAT WORKS
thanks
00,02SOMEHOW
00,02lolcaps
hey dont question the doctor
My special pony isnt a pony at all - http://media.photobucket.com/image/recent/woosiemlp/Pony%2520Customs/gilda1.jpg made by Woosie
11,02Night all~
hey anyone want the link to my story?
:3
Gnight, SuperBrony64|Zzz.
Ghost30k: what's it about?
Gnight, everyone. ^_^
that not a pony and what the story about ghost
appreciate any constructive criticsm
Gnight SuperBrony64|Zzz :3
night SuperBrony64|Zzz
00,02lol
00,02passed my own boosters
00,02night SuperBrony64|Zzz
My collection as of January - http://texasbronygroup.4umer.com/t41-pony-collection-thread - scroll down to Cypresswolf post
Uhh it's a Human in Equestria Fic
Goodnight Ninjazz
Ghost30k: does it involve fluttershy?
Yes
maybe what the basic plot
Ghost30k: ah then yes please :)
she's one of the soon-to-be main characters
Really need to paint my new shelves so I can take an updated picture
I haven't really mentioned her in the story yet though but that's all in the 4th chapter which I'm writing atm
uhhh here it is
they're the ugliest shade of peach right now
http://www.fimfiction.net/story/35421/
Here ya go, it's my first FiM fic
how long before this goes boom
hi everyone
6_9 and also I broke one of the glass doors that go to them during delivery
Ghost30k: TY
np
now back to continuing CHAPTER 4
hey Lil_B hows your day been
have had a damn writers block all night and it's been killing me
alexxm so far so good, I just woke up :)
ok Lil_B did you sleep well
Ghost30k: hmmm....curiosity has caught my interest...
alexxm not really :/ but i don't know why
yea?
want the link or are you already looking at it
Ghost30k: im already looking at the link and it seems interesting
well thank You
:)
Phase4: wow this won't end well
00,02i'm looking up soldering irosn
00,02irons'
00,02cause i need one
Phase4: knew it
00,02well, surface mount reworking
00,02so a fancy hot air gun
Phase4; who made dat OC pony for desktop ponies?
Phase4: good thing you don't work at nasa, or else all the space pilots would be fucked
00,02RainBowJack, not telling :P
aahhh Phase4 come on :(
00,02guy doesnt want me to tell
00,02Ghost30k, ikr
try landing on the water tower, Phase4 :3c
LOL
00,02Rain, i dont think i can do thta
00,02that'
i assume that wasn't supposed to happen
you can land on minmus and make it back but you cant land on the water tower
00,02i'll try though
00,02Rain, ikr
Rain how is that possible
00,02Rain, its easy to make it betwene planets
I did it in one try, alexxm >_>
00,02suprisingly little precision
Phase4, my epic missing begs to differ
Phase4 wow, a Kerbal Space Program Dektop Wallpaper?
Summer is half over and I still havent finishing my bingo qouta for season 3 - brain no want pony overload
*yawn* I'm black from being asleep.
00,02i aborted
00,02Lil_B, yup
hey Tovler did you sleep well
>mfw there was a lottery and I missed it.
00,02Rain, theres a video of me hitting mun
Tovler did you sleep in the sun or why are you black now?
00,02oh yeah, i missed the lottery too
00,02who won?
still 43/100 - even watching the episodes several times over again hasnt given me any new expectations
Cypresswolf|Pirate what was the quoata again
ah right 100
I woke all itchy and dry and dreamt of foreign coins for some reason.
Phase4, I was in the understanding that nobody won because there was no newsletter for the lotto link to be given out >_>
may only be 50, only 7 more vs 57
Tovler odd any idea why
00,02Rain, they just re-used last weeks
Phase4: Chrysalis and someone else :/
the same link and everything?
00,02Rain, no, the entries
oh..
00,02ACS13123,
00,02derp
/me isnt sure if she put hers in last week but hopes she did
00,02should be on the website but i didnt see it earlier today
wait, what does it matter?
Ill have a better idea once the epsiode synopsis start coming out, but then that would be cheating :)
not like I would have won anyway
the coin dream clearly come from my repressed regret of spending my gold-plated quarter.
fake ones
I had another pony dream the other day, but forgot what it was about now
/me writes a fanfic where Fluttershy becomes invisible and never finishes it.
i never get pony dreams
it was a good one this time, no nightmarish scenarios
what site is he on
I still remember that one O_o
what happened in the night mare one Cypresswolf|Pirate
00,02dat
00,02is a big rocket
Phase4, can u tell me how to use colours on chat?
Phase4, from xchat
Cypresswolf|Pirate sounds bad
00,02APS, right click or press ctrl+k and type the colour manually
00,02you'll be instakicked in this chan though
00,02go to another one
Phase4, ye k thx lol :D
00,02i use a script
Phase4, want a tip? the j k l and i keys
mario_pony: What do ya Think?
oo. I did have this one nightmare where there was a looking really close at my arm hair and as I was scanning it the hair eventually form as dark creepy message.
00,02Rain, its hard though
00,02and my rockets are badly balanced
seriously, just try pressing L when you have your rts going
sigh
cyber_pony13: your opinion?
it scoots it sideways instead of making it turn
Ghost30k: oh i havent read it yet it's too dark in here i'll probably read it during our road trip
ahhh ok lol
unless you only have rts at the top that is
00,02>australia
00,02>part of asia
00,02lolnope
Phase4 can you try to make a thunderbird
00,02alexxm, i could
alexxm: then ponies showed up among the D class personel and I sent Rarity down - dont tell Ninjazz >_> - she disapeared and I went back down the stairs to go look for her, a window appeared at the base of one stairwell that linked to the view of my front yard and my brother and his friends were watching me through it, I woke up no too much later when I started hearing Rarity's cries getting louder
00,021 and 3 mabey
that sounds disturbing Cypresswolf|Pirate
00,02i forget what 4 and up i
00,02is
Phase4 it is
alexxm: I havent played SCP since
ok
00,02havent seen thunderbirds in ages
00,02got a few vhs's
Ghost30k: not bad finding an interdimensial warping box havent read third chapter but about to
ok cool
still writing the 4th and tell me if you think i should wait till Wednesday or Thursday to post it since I won't have much time this week
cyber_pony13: still writing the 4th and tell me if you think i should wait till Wednesday or Thursday to post it since I won't have much time this week
00,02you're not given a lot to work with in kerbal
sorry bout the repeat <:3
Ere sin could blight or sorrow fade, Death came with friendly care. The opening bud to Heaven conveyed, and bade it blossom there-
00,02this would need custom parts to work right
Ghost30k: when it comes to writing and posting put it out when you feel it's ready but not to the point to where you worry about it otherwise you'll have to time travel and go crazy like twi did
cyber_pony13: LOL yea anyways im worried that if i put it off until thursday, people won't be aware of it
cyber_pony13: when it comes out
we a community just help spread the word through here and equastria daily
cyber_pony13: what?
and well at least i'll be checking it out it seems the story has caught my interest
00,02not at all thunderbird one
Ghost30k: whay i mean is that you can have others know when it comes out
Ghost30k: like for instance here, i wouldn't have heard of the story until now and i think equastria daily can also let others know when fanfics come out
ohhh cool but hey if someone fav'd the story, does that mean they'll be notified when a new chapter comes out?
OMG
Dr Whooves has been named
Time Turner
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-R57hcia53Wk/T--lIb5OnUI/AAAAAAAAu4M/T9nZwTwdg7k/s320/1.jpg
00,02inb4 mayor x time shipfics cause of that image
probably already happened
00,02true
yhere are ALOT ot timeturner x derpy fics
There needs to be more Flutterjack fanfics
hey look https://www.facebook.com/Ponyhoof?sk=app_297480083634544
Goddammit... The Cupcakes song is quite good o.o
00,02k
00,02i'ma launch this giant rocket
00,02you guys see the giant rocket right?
Its too dark
k, there it is.
00,02what the crap
Yea, I see it
00,02stream is AGES behind
It looks like it's going to explode from overheating
00,02what are you seeing right now?
00,02yeah
you are building a rocket
00,02you guys are seeing something from ~5 minutes ago
00,02dats booring
00,02i'ma restart stream
ok
00,02der we go
00,02dis is the big rocket
dat is a BIG rocket
It's the tower of power right?
00,02i plan to add more rocket at some point
00,02Sumica's tower of power
00,02lets see how dis goes
00,02slightly modified to be capable of landing
dat tower of power
00,02it broke
that right there, is global warming
04So much blue
Phase4, you require additional struts :3
build aditional pylons
00,02this thing cannot be controled
00,02the sas can keep it somewhat stable
00,02i have made it to mun in this thing
yeah, but there is NO turning that thing off
thats not a good sign
00,02have to be gentle
yeah, sideways is not a great way
00,02this will make it into orbit with the upper liquid stage
00,02you must be behind, i'm not exploding this time
you just took of
00,02the rockets only JUST boyant
00,02so at about 3.5KM it becomes a slow commute to space
Phase4, its a stream, its always behind
just saw you type gentle
00,02lol
so, 2 mins behind
00,02yeah
00,02not sure how it gets soo behind
00,02must be lagging and you guys arent telling me
how long you been streaming?
00,02ooo
00,02tf2 is allmost done
00,02wait
might just be an accumulation
00,0232%
00,02not allmost
00,02Chrysalis, nah, restarted a mintue ago
00,02by a minute i meen like 5
later guys headin to bed
cya
fair we..............
00,02btw, i'm flying this thing seriously
00,02i like the bits of debrie from previous flights
meh
hush now quiet now its time to lay your sleepy head
00,02dis is me
00,02going to the moon
HELLO BITCHES! :D
00,02ontop the tower of power
00,02ohai MsAmazingMeepsaColor
04HELLO MEEPSA
04CAPS CAPS CAPS
Wat game is this
Uhh, hello?
WHAT GAME IS THIS?
04Silence game
00,02dis is gona be a close pass
00,02MsAmazingMeepsaColor, kerbal space program
04Man, everyone is so quiet
ghost town.
00,02ikr
04They are totally experts at this silence game :P
04>ghost town
/me flops around and floats into space
00,02not sure if close pass or colision
00,02ist amazing how much fuel is left
00,02oh oh
00,02colision
haha omg.
this place is so.. tired.
Discord!
00,02oh god
00,02soo close
Hello hello hello. How low
00,02WHOOPS
00,02ah well
00,02Sumica, your rocket can hit mun
00,02Sumica, problem is it can hit mun
00,10well yeah it was built with .13
00,02damn you tf2 server
00,02its a massive download
Discord, oh im howling at the moon and sleeping in the middle of a summer afternoon! Discord, whatever did we do to make you take our world away?!
00,02ohai Sumica
...
i cant handle pony music.
00,02i made it to minmus atop my rocket (quad), thinking through a bigger design though
i need to make a playlist for my ipod.
00,02want something thats capable of kerbin->minmus->mun->kerbin
Phase4 thats gonna be MASSIVE
00,02Chrysalis, not realy
00,02~twice the size of quad
the amount of fuel youd need
00,02basically i need another tank on the lander, thats it realy
00,02minmus has VERY little gravity
00,02and minmus->mun transfer requires next to no fuel if you time it right
00,02(inb4 i dont time it right)
00,02more la noire now
enjoy
00,02i think i drove everyone away with my kerbal
i herd LA noire.
/me turns on stream.
i really enjoy the kerbal streams
OMC i cant get this thread outta my head.
Good morning, everypony! :)
ded
cmon everypony be EXCITED!
Good morning RaveBrony
hey RaveBrony you sleep well
MusicalPony what for?
Hiya MusicalPony and yes i did, alexxm :)
LA Noire!
uuummmm..
alexxm: well everypony in chat isnt so... enthusiastic about everything. I want everpony to be EXCITED and PUMPED just cause. (then again i may be this way cause well im listening to awesome music)
RaveBrony: i dont think we've ever met. Hai, Im MusicalPony a pegasister new to bronystate. :D
ok MusicalPony
run over all the people
WEll, welcome to Bronystate, MusicalPony! :$
thank you RaveBrony :)
04There are still fem bronies that use the term 'pegasister?'
Always nice to see new faces here! :3
Ghosties: yeah. is that wrong?
just odd, since most dont use it.
well.. I say to each their own, but personally, I prefer to be called Brony
00,02rest in peace young hat
04No, it's not wrong at all. In fact, one of our admins uses the term
Ghosties: i dont mind either name and use both, i just used it to say im female without really sounding... weird. yaknow?
Yeah :D
besides, i like pegasister :P
lol.
04You're fine, I promise :P
but what happens if you make an oc and it is a unicorn
hehe good Ghosties
then it shall be either a unicorn or an alicorn, Rain
take all the money
so theyre playing Knife on a minigames map atm on CSS
an alicorn? why would you want to look that arrogant as to make an alicorn oc?
thats gonna take a while
Sup guize
Hey XAX!! :$
HEI HEI HEI EVERYPONY :D
hey XAX what have you been up to
Rain: i dunno, maybe they just dont see how... inappropriate it is
04Eh, there's nothing wrong with being an alicorn. She's a kid, let her be super pony if she wants :P
playing CSS, obviously ;D
hahaha
indeed, Ghosties ^_^
:P
HEY i never wanted to be an alicorn -.-
then dont be a alicorn.
Sonic_The_pony: hello!
MusicalPony Hello :P
I cant finalize what my OC is.... want a Unicorn, but i wouldnt mind it being an earth pony...
Im not WallDives rain just asked what if it was a unicorn.. I NEVER WANTED TO BE AN ALICORN
ohai Sonic_The_Pony hows your day been
XD
RaveBrony: i have the SAME problem
except i want it to be either a pegasus or earth pony..
04MusicalPony never asked for this...
lawl
04*cue heavy rain*
:D
Ghosties: HEY!
04Yep?
dont rain on my parade.
/me is suddenly heavy.. and a ps3 game
04OH LAWL
04DAT BAD JOKE
XD
04I chuckled, honestly
04I love bad jokes
heh.
haha good
.-.
Rain: lawl
:l
is it just me or is the stream lagging for all?
00,02ah
00,02so the wife did it in conjunction with the bar owner
00,02MusicalPony, its probabbly laggy for all
Phase4: lame
...
Ya crazy dame.
Ugh, i even have my oc drawn as an earth pony.... but i cant post it until i finalize my decision :[
4hey
crazy dames for everyone
:P
RaveBrony: i havent started on mine yet... im still confused over all the things..
and i dont have paper.
Hey look is the chat :D
yep.
MusicalPony: Confused over what things?
the color, the mane, the tail, the eyes, the name, the species, EVERYTHING :'(
04There's a handy dandy pony creator on dA if you want to use it
where?
Ah, i went with a 'ponysona' kind of thing, my skin, hair, and eye colors :P
i have no OC
alexxm: Why not? :o
oh you mean the thing where its like draw circles with lines or whatever? yeah i saved that already.
RaveBrony i can't draw
04I don't think that's it
treadmill
alexxm: Have you at least made one on DA??
04MusicalPony, I've sent you a PM
yo
CSI? 0_o
not yet RaveBrony just heard about the creator
Oh :P
6_9
Sonic_The_pony, LA Noire.
hehe alrighty, brb.
WallDives I know
Man, i had my oc made my oc first week i was brony :D
Dat double type
WallDives: This escene looks like a CSI... You look a on blood.... You can look the killer 0_0
ohai
this is L.A Noire
Yep
hey ACS13123 hows yoru day been
That reminds me.... I have to continue attempting to make my desktop OC pony...
Eyup
Dat Knife
HELLO KNIFE!
Chucky's Knife :D
:D
trololol
that trolling
Trolling in the 80s :D
/me likes the 80's
/me was born in the 80's
sonic the pony 40s
USS_Sulaco :S
/me was born in the 90s <3
0480's had the best pop music, hands down
04New Wave and Synthpop is the shit
run some people down
Phelps has a goddamn plan!
^
04But I have a personal favorite in EBM, Electronic Body Music. It's Industrial music and synthpop combined. Excellent, excellent stuff if I may say so myself.
:o
http://i.imgur.com/vGASE.gif moon
Ghosties: Youll have to stream it sometime ;)
.-.
04Stream EBM? I suppose I could toss up some pre-metal Ministry
:)
Trolllolol
04Every Day Is Halloween is faaaaaaaaaaantastic~~~
so was the hit and run case solved
.-.
Crash
o_o
Run body run o_o
Ill brb, got some chores to take care of.
That driving
Poor Car
Is the wall OK?
destroy all the things
I wish you could GTA style and just blow the tyres
O-o
00,02goddamnit
00,02cant enter a brawl
00,02have to shoot the guy
Almost as skillful as last nights mario stream
00,02eh sod it
00,02onward with the story
GO ON SON!
Good afternoon everypony
hay
hey killer
shoot the basterd!
._.
best firefight ever
good morning bronystate!
hay
hey diddutzzZzZz you sleep well
actually i just woke up...
02D:
So what's going on here (exept for L.A. Noire)?
just a bunch bronies and maybe pegasisters chatting
04Good moooooorning, Krusty Krew~~
hi Ghosties
04Morning
Ghosties: Afternoon
/me nods
do not want
so Phase4 wandered off then
00,02i think she did it
00,02alexxm, ?
04Great, I really wanna play Deus Ex: Human Revolution now
00,02lol huge lag
Phase4 sorry thought you had to do something because the characters wern't doing anything
00,02nah, just shut down for a minute
ok Phase4
smug
goodevening/afternoon/morning everypony
00,02the enemy cars cheat
smooth
00,02they have a preprogramed path and are 'rubber banded' to it
00,02you hit it, it slings you back
hey d3rb hows your day been
Ok, back :P
ACS13123: ACS13123 ACS13123 ACS13123 ACS13123 ACS13123 ACS13123 ACS13123 ACS13123 a
:3
Hey d3rb :)
very long, ben yup for about 36 hours now, hope i get tired again soon so i cna get sleep :D
o.o
inception!
yourself alexxm
been good d3rb
hey RaveBrony
good to hear alexxm
02Hi Espeon :3
ironic
I want to buy more games on Steam.... but i dont know what to get....
the cops do hit and run
Yeah :D
what have you already got RaveBrony ?
04Get Terraria, Rave
^ good cheap fun
/me dumps a tub full of catnip on Espeon
Ghosties, wtf?
Ohh
d3rb: The actual 'games' i have are only POrtal 2 and TF2 :D
derp
04I've poured over 300 hours into Terraria since I got it last Summer
dun dun dunnnn
RaveBrony how about moon base alpha
Ill look that up :P
04I've logged...346.9 hours, so right at 347 hours
o____o
That's... a lot
i've heard good things about limbo and amnesia
d3rb, both are awesome
Dat car
04When I got Terraria, I played it for a month straight
Amnesia is amazing
What is it about, Ghosties?
04The entire month was literally "wake up, play Terraria, do BronyState stuff, go to bed." Rinse and repeat.
Ah, I remember days like that :D with different games tho
04Limbo is excellent too
and SPIDERS!
but replay value = 0
ah i remember days like that before the horror of working
04Whereas Terraria has HIGH replay value
I don't know if I would play Limbo all day long, too.
04However, Limbo is fun to go back to after a while
Gas chamber o_o
I'm just digging up old Tales of games for ps2/gamecube <_< nostalgia missile
its a shame you missed the bundle with amnesia and limbo in it RaveBrony , it was a bargain (im still kicking myself over missing it)
you would finish limbo before you could play it all day long
^dat as well :D
Ghosties: LIMBO is the best Indie game i ever played :3
O.o
Dang, i wish Mircosoft Flight was cheaper...
04Yeah, it was a great indie bundle this time. Too bad I already own Limbo, Amnesia and Bastion
/me sits and pouts
I only owned Bastion already, so I was really happy :D
flight simulator, i used to love those games
*bang*
ded
lika baws
so many dead people
00,10here all this time I though you were watching a show by the sound of it
Roflmao!!! I JUST realized the music playing for "what i thought was the chase" was actually the Terraria trailer music! :D
Nay, L.A.
lol
/me power tackles Sumica and hugs him
Hiya Sumica :)
00,10ooooof
!
/me vanishes in said tub
hey Sumica hows your day been
Heeeey, guise, what's going on you wonderful people?
Hey AgentKalim :)
hey Sumica & AgentKalim
00,10do you want today only or the I have not slept yet today?
MERRIKA
/) hell yeah Sumica , how many hours you on?
hey AgentKalim hows your day been
murica
00,1030ish
Am I the only one here that has a normal sleeping schedule :D
possibly, Starflash
Starflash: Mines normal ish
wish I had a normal one
ded
/me hates her insomnia
cake
Yeah Rain :<
normal sleping is for weekdays, only 48hrs to a weekend, better use em
Pretty good, murica. Actually just woke up half an hour ago. And no, I DON'T have a normal sleeping schedule. I went to sleep at roughly five in the morning, woke up at 13:30.
noir
Hmm, That sounds normal enough though AgentKalim
Wut :P
If you say so
seeing as how you slept 8.30 hrs :D ish healthy
Yeah, but the times man, the times. :P
yeahhh oh well
condone someones vehicle
casual
Where you goin? :P
bright idea there
this thing has got some torque
Phase4... one does not simply drive up the stairs
That's not how a car works
physics don't work that way
smooth Phase4, real smooth :p
00,02Starflash, XD
ah... apparently one does
00,02ACS13123, ikr
This isn't an offroad, Phase4
pretty sure this is EXACTLY how cars work, trust me, im a mechanic
Logic for everyone!
00,02Starflash, i do more stuff after that
That car doesn't have Trial mode
00,02stream is ages behind
Yeah ok :D
The two of em still have jews
Phase4: ikr?
buffer :D!
all the buffers
Logic and buffer for everyone!
Logical buffer
00,02i have no clue where i'm going
buffering every day
would refreshing help teh buffer stop happening ever 5 sec?
Every day I'm wrapping up winter
and buffering
Don't worry, you've got an awesome fedora, it's enough.
Phase4 jump it you can make it
dat dance
dat Phase4, just go down then back up
00,02you do realise i'm like 5 minutes in the future
ohh no
why not just drive off the cliff
TIME TRAVEL!
Phase4 don't spoil what you're gonna do :D
I dont like that
:D
xD
good job.
Quality is MUERRIKA
suicide
Phase4: TIME TRAVEL, YOU CONTAIN IT
dat murrika
Everyday I'm buffering
show eet your penis, it will stream faster
so Phase4, you got any spoilers for us?
lol
The gardener did it
or the butler
Always the butler
Now it's good
00,02diddutz, yeah
00,02i fail hard
do more burnouts
Phase4: i'm looking foreward to that xD
Drive everywhere, except where you have to go. :P
you're still alive on stream
good god, Phase4
what did you do Phase4
why u fail so hard??
Yeah, that cliff's a no-way.
You know what you should do Phase4? No seriously!? cause I dont
Class A driving skills
Surprise.
no big surprise
Phase4, I am ceritian that you dont need to do any rock climbing or shit like that to get to the crime scene >_>
Car on a cliff. Seems legit
00,02Rain, probably not
Dat tree
00,02but wheres the fun in that
Fial
Yes, crash into a different billboard.
These 40s cars are great mountaineers
wahah. He got out.
Nice parking job
great parking
gta?
^^
Nay, L.A.
gta L.A.
wow that is eons behind
Ages
fuck man, stream is like 7 minutes behind, how is that even possible O.o
diddutz lag
wow my stream is 7 mins behind
Stream IV: Buffer in time
Now kill that guy
sames heur
greatest enemy: stairs
Now kill all the guys
Sweet Jesus, Phase4 *facepalm*
kill all the civillians
Wait, this isn't Castlevania
Khanfound those stairs
They drive me up the wall
00,02AttackWithHugs, i dont knowo exactly which thing your talking about
Or up the cliff, as it were
Dat running
Oh hey, I know this song.
00,02i've done at least 5 things in the past ten minutes worthy of that
Lol :D
penis or gtfo
Phase4: Mainly the driving
aaaaaaaand he got up the stairs again
HERES JOHNNY!
why are you so bad at driving
dat dance :D
Holy crap, that IS ages behind.
....
...
/me taps his foot to the rhythm
Wahah
We are quite far behind
Im so confused i could just scream
rape
Lol
tree
Rape all the trees
:D
Bonk! Bonk!
I have returned for realz! So SUPER HELLO!
Rofl
tree > car
I joined 2 min ago, whenever Phase4 looks at the chat i see text i haven't in the chat XD
Indeed, EonMastor :D
Lil_B: We are actually seeing text from a bit ago
kill!!
killerpony7733 that what i ment XD
omegasparkle if you insist
Dat skype
exactly 8 mins behind here :D
It would appear so
run the coppers down
F-ck Da Police!!!
Fail! D:
Police da fucks
needs moar futashy
da fuck police :l
how did you contamite it that time
McAfee
Dat 30s hairstyle
Dat flirting
She looks kinda like my mom, except uglier
REJECTED.
Lol!!
poor guy
he just got rejected
she looks better then my mom >.>
O_o
well, everyone does
Every day I'm suffering
Well thats not good, lol
I'm afraid I know people uglier than that -_-
It's SRS BZNS
you are old woman
"eeeeeyup"
Old woman is old
Starflash pics or it didn't happen
they don't call him big mac for nothin ;)
alexxm one does not simply take pictures of trolls
=_(\
face hoof!!!
omegasparkle first futashy and now that... are you looking at r34 right now ? :/
yfw the thing is 41 y/o.
o_O
Wat
no, but i did about 3 hours ago
r34 ponies!?!? :[
she looks about as old as my mom, and my mom is almost seventy years old.
i was watching midori days between r34 pony post and brony theatre
Well, 62 actually :P
I derped
/me gets on his boxing gloves
come on guys keep it clean
RaveBrony boxing? :D
04What's this about R34 ponies?
04Is Phase showing something he shouldn't be?
Y u insist on falling off the cliff :P
every thing
phase is on LANoir
Ghosties don't worry, ze stream is clean :D
Ghost30k nope, Phase4 didn't do anything
00,02i am completly lost
physics don't work that way
Phase4 and on a cliff :/
Ghosties: Nope just a silly statement that someone made and someone brought it up
Ghosties: Stream is clean, cant say the same about some minds tho
04Ah, okay good
:D
cake is clean
I know the stream is WAY behind, yeah, but I think you were going the right way, until you veered off the cliff.
You want this cake?
I don't want it.
Thou mad
Ghosties: We can't tell what hes doing now, but 7 minutes ago everything is fine
yes!
AgentKalim... you lack Cageness.
RaveBrony like in the song "The mind is free, who can restrict them?"
O.o
Starflash: I am Johnny Cage, not Nicholas Cage.
AgentKalim any realtion to nicholas cage
good enough :D
Johnny Cage is 20% cooler. And in Mortal Kombat.
isn't Jonny Cage the Crotch-Puncher?
Yes
inb4 Phase4 Gets spammed
:p
Yes he is
Tree... We Meet Again!
Phase4: what are you even doing???
how much wood could a celestia eat until she gets bored of eet
00,02Irish_Pony, i dont know
:P
wait for it
dat ident :O
omegasparkle: That depends on what you mean by "wood", hue hue hue
Phase4: I don't even....
And no one died
kerboom
you know what i mean ;)
=_(\
XD
why aren't there any black people >:0
Phase4 punch a random pedristion
because 50s is racist
/me has now been given the motivation he needs to draw a pic hes had in mind for a While now
Because black people didn't exist in muerrika back then
00,02alexxm, cant
00,02no punch button
then shoot them :3
Phase4 how about running someone over
no pawnch button?
AgentKalim, boo....
run over ALL THE PEDESTRIANS!!
If there's no punch button, I'll MAKE a punch button.
/me celebrates white mmerikans
Y u keep going up the wrong way. :P
fail
cuz
What do you mean, it isn't a tank? I thought it totally is.
huh so cars do not = tanks
00,02alexxm, i've already run several people over on my way up the stairs
I don't think you'll be able to turn there
It's a tank, compared to the cars made today.
/me charge!!!
So Phase4: has my spam appeared yet?
you know what
why are you doin this?
for a fanfic about someone becoming pinkie, this one right here is damn funny
AttackWithHugs, i know which car id rather crash in though, todays cars
post
link
00,02yeah
00,02she did it
00,02ACS13123, ?
Chrysalis do eet
00,02ACS13123, dont know
link
Phase4: kerboom :p
its on FimFiction, Why am i pinkie pie
featured atm
d3rb: But cars back then were actually metal, not this fiberglass stuff
Find one of those special cars and drive it off a slip
I wish i iked reading more...or at least had time for it...
Because you touched yourself at night. Mystery solved. :P
*cliff
i geuss i'll open a new tab T^T
00,02not sure what evidence to use
all the evidence!
Phase4: use the useful evidence :p
AttackWithHugs, cars are heavier than they have ever been these days and far better designed
collect ALL the evidences
DAMN BUFFERING
d3rb: And suck up more gas too
Suck up dis torch
Yes, go that way dammit. :P I know we're behind, but still. :P
:D
So um been busy with something and I've come up with this for the tie. Still needs work because I've been working in gimp and I'm still learning
http://imgur.com/z3kSz
FINALLY :P
classy tie
Raritie
it looks good Mutterguy
classy
panties!!
Trace for semen. lol K
sniff em!!
I need to adjust the stripe angle
omegasparkle, -_-
:D
Do it filly
yes
stare intently at the license plate
hmmm.....yep, its a license plate alright
:p
So
fall asleep behind the wheel
cake
survive crash
I love spam
seems legit
moar spamz
ACS13123: you do?
wow...jusat realized hgow far stream is behind
it's a bomb
diddutz: didnt you see my kerboom spam?
pokes it's eyes out
What eyes?
Parasprites....annoying me on blockland....
moar parasprites!!
you mean minecraft?
No, Blockland
d3rb: you mean TF2? :p
It's a game
00,02well
Go talk to the 40 year old woman who looks like she's 60
00,02i failed miserably even when cheating
you mean ff8?
you were cheating?? *gasp*
your girlfriend must hate you
use teh panties that he took the time oo draw
omegasparkle awkward times for everyone
Use the fat italian plumber to hit the question mark block.
okay incoming parasprite.
Gawd these f*cking lips!
ew
for how much attention these guys were supporsed to have put in faces
they look nasty
hey fellow bronies!!
UR ALL BRONY FAGS
yep
Hue hue hue
hey it's taht one guy
MY WORD
someone suck my cloppers please god im so wet
the burdon of proof is in th law, except in ace atterney :/
^
SUCK MY BRONY DICK PLS
send teh hater a link to r34 ponies
AND RAINBOWS WILL COME OUT
inb4 kick
Hey fags
O_o
You all suck
04WHOA WHOA WHOA
/me is away: im not here
Who are these guys. :P
Go fuck yourseslves
Rofl!!
UR ALL FAGS
LOLOLOL
WELL, I NEVER
You bronies are gay
:D
04Got the badass brigade coming in
lub keep it clean or gtfo
COME HERE FUCKFACE
YOU ARE A SCOURGE
/me is a fag!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ha your the parasprite
oh my god please, my cloppers
AgentKalim: who cares :D
SUCK MY SPRINKLE
entire pony are faggots
Oh noooooes
oh yes clop me
no
NOOOO SUCK IT
04I would love to suck your sprinkle
YOU ARE A SCOURGE
look out we got a badass here
04Bring it over here
dear god that face XD
put your cloppers inside me
YOU ALL FUCKING SUCK
lmao
/me is back (gone 00:00:29)
:D
04COME AT ME, FAGS
YOU BRONIES ARE CANCER
NOBODY IS GOING TO SUCK ME!
Ghosties...
thanks pony
i like sucking
suck me
Oh nooo, someone called me a fag over the internet! Woe is me! :D
not so quickly
FUCK YO COUCH
FAGGOTS
:'(
FAGS
04NO
GAY FAGS
mother of god you sick fucks
04Fuck YOUR couch, nigga!
do you all get loads of chicks with your pony love?
The badass!!! Its overwhelming!!!
YOU CAN BE A BRONY AND NOT BE GAY
chicks all on your dick for liking ponies?
Ghosties: :D
disgust me with me wiht your love for a fad that barely arisen
LEARN TO SOCIALISSE
...
pwnd
I have no idea where all this came from, but dear god it is hilarious. :P
FUCK FAGS
^
lub actually... yes
BRONYS ARE FAGS
lmao!
FAGSGAFGSAGS
doubt it
i get all the bitches if i tell them i watch mlp
lol, the aask kicks
and they are outa here!
hey mister no, can i has thine cock
darren: uhhhh no you!
fungusamongus
ogm
Get ALL the bitches.
04Cool moves, guys
lub dub it all you want :/
04Just keep talking
goWrek
Aren't you guys late for church?
YO
SUCK ITT
:D
id be glad to
clop clop clop
clop clop
clop
CLIPCLOPCLIP
what church we have bronyism~~
cool story guys, should write a book
clop me lub
clip clip clip
fungusamongus
please clop me
04Sir, your username is wrong. It's supposed to be 'wub'
/me cant stop laughing :D
04Man, get your newfaggin' ways out of here
ewww
who wants to put their cloppers on my gooch?
When I was a little filly and the sun was going down
new people?
newfaggin ways
parasprites
:D serrious....nothing better to do :D
lmao this shit is retarded
I went on ponibooru and this is what I found
Chrysalis a horde of haters just walked in XD
guess what
a picture of Rainbow Dash
brony fags
ur a brony
04What fag
so
Lil_B you dont say.jpg
how many of you peeps are wanking
04So you're a fag?
yeah soo
:D
do you lot sit here and talk about ponies?
:D
darren: you didnt finish your trail of thought
whats the appeal, im interested
04No, we talk about you guys
04Because we love you guys
it's shit
im a fag, and i'm glad to admit it
the dicks, lub
Chrysalis yes, I say :$
back in the days trolls were actually witty... sigh.
Ghosties ikr
no seriously, someone tell me whats so good about ponies
darren, hug me <3
fuck you brony
assuming you're all 20 year old
We talk about you because we love you, lub
Ikr, Alchemist :'(
i wub wuuuu darren <3 <3
haha you people suck
^^
i love you darren
04There is nothing good about ponies, it's all about you guys
i hate gays
We love you too, darren
lub 22 and with a masters degree actually
fuck you homos
http://mlfw.info/f/5582/
HOMOS AIOHDFJDGHJ
lmao yeah sure its all about us
woo job prospects
I'd rage on the internet too if my dad announced he could finally afford his sex change operation thanks too obamacare.
merry me darren
04Man, good job
22 with a masters degree in what?
HOMO HOMO HOMO
darren: I think darren is a good name.
Apparently someone has had a bad day :\
i <3 darren hes so hawwtt
Computer Science with Games development
darren: We love you so much we will sodomize you with a 15 inch dildo
04You sure did "rustle my jimmies" as you guys put it
knew it
arghhh lub homos help me
darren: actually according to yesterday new psychology study, there are less homosexuals among bronies than than average among humans
04As you kids love to say
Oh look. Trolls
/me rustles Ghosties jimmies
''kids''
You parasprites went quiet... ya'll out of moves?
And jimmies where rustled that day
ah, breakfast and a show. Thank you BronyState.
oh btw
00,02WOW
legobrony send us here
darren, you rustle my jimmies ;)
twilight, who gives a flying shit
whats a parasprite
04So you guys done?
darren, when are you gonna let me have you bid boy
I really need a link to that Dr. psycho-ology video
00,02this truth doubt lie thing is bullshit
04Are you done trolling?
>LEGOBRONY SENT US
Hahaha :D
darren: dunno about shit, but i do give a flying fuck
he linked us
afk, yeating breakfast, I haven't eatin since i got up XD
Yea, it's kind of a pain, Phas4
04OH MAN
darren: I think you nned a hug...do you want one?
Something for me to laugh at in church. And it's the first day of July. Startin' off the month right
i wish i loved ponies
04I'M SO GONNA GIVE THAT LEGOBRONY A TALKING TO
theyre so magical
How are these people still not kickbanned? :P
04YOU HAVE NOOOOOO IDEA
YEAH MAN
AgentKalim because we wub them
oh so much
04But seriously, you guys done?
YEAHHHHHH MANNNNNNN
everyone glomp the new members!
done with what?
done with what
04Are you done trolling?
im a clopper im allowed to be here
lol
/me glomps lub
i like telling anti-bronies i love them, it is fun
trolling?
lol
-_- @Ghosties I gave you a warning.
no i like cloppers i want them all over my gooch
Well, darren is gone
well, I'm done.
/me glomps fungusgooch "can i keep you <3?"
04So, as I was saying
yes
what is a "glomp"?
04Are you done?
you can sodomize me like your stuffed ponies
I'm suprised I wasn't kicked for my oddly specific bashing.
And we shall
/me is lurking about
d3rb: you have to feed him and take him for walks. are up for that responsibility?
sodomize him like your french ponies
04Dat Wrek
Hey Vacation_Wrek! :D
whats a glomp?
Howdy, Vacation_Wrek
04Alright, well, cool times
some brony shit
Is she trying to seduce him?
i can look after him Alchemist ,ill feed him and walk him <3
hah, nice kick Ghosties
hey Vaction_Wrek hows your day been
giga pudding
04That was fun, Lego, invite them back and I'll personally ban you
well, this was bound to happen some time
Trolls arent even challenging anymore...theyre just stupid....
Sorry
Hey Vacation_Wrek
:'(
/me notifies that vacation images will be uploaded to notharam.wordpress.com for those interested, images from today are already up.
lol LegoBrony who were they?
Well that was something hilarious.
RaveBrony its rather cute actually more than annoying
well that was...interesting
like a fuzzy chihuaha
are they gone
/me hates this internet
Meh, thats true, Chrysalis :D
suddenly a car falls on her
/me appluads mods
Nice drivin' there, Phase4 :P
oooh, can we change there names to chihuahas
twilight_sprinkle They were some people i met on this game.
Phase4: What on Celestia's green Equestria?
LegoBrony: which game?
00,02AttackWithHugs, i'ma ploiceniman
twilight_sprinkle BlockLand
O.o
You are a Man Policeman Pol
Phase4: That doesn't mean you have to drive like that :o
LegoBrony: lol they said they wanted to join the herd or someth?
Vacation_Wrek why is there a vinyl couch
is that a reference?
Phase4 is the law
00,02^
LAWWWWWWWWWWW
breaking the law breaking the laww
you betrayed the laaaawwwww
/me breaks Phase4
....continue on, sir
Chrysalis: the caféteria there hat it :P
Stay off the Moonshine, putz!
twilight_sprinkle They probably don't know what it means there so dumb
Im always VERY careful about telling this site to others :D
00,02Chrysalis, D:
LegoBrony: lol well that was fun anywauy
huh, "Sunny as Buck"
but BUCKS not happened yety
00,02i might switch to tf2 for a bit
so how do you know?
Alchemist: Yeah, people are butthurt WAY too easy :D
twilight_sprinkle Yeah, It was.
Alchemist: Yeah but the attempts they made to troll was so laughable rather then actually troll ish
Alchemist: i started an epic shitstorm that lasted for weeks on a utube vid when i said the earth is flat :D
OH U
twilight_sprinkle, :D
Wait, seriously?
:P
had to do it
AgentKalim: me seriously? yeah :D
take a look at that 36 polygon ass!!
omegasparkle you mean dat plot
I apologize for letting parasprites in.
I need to find Donna Tung and ask her about anti-trolling.
this game has serious plot
but yah Chrysalis: tryign to enjoy as much of the sunny weather as possible before buck
ive hard there will be rain
heard*
thats one detailed drawing of underwear
:o
Stay calm, don't get butthurt and either deconstruct them or just walk away.
^
Vacation_Wrek its really not that bad here, anyway theres no forecast taht far ahead
hell, outside right now is lovely, no clouds at all
AgentKalim: I prefer walking away. Why waste any time?
To take down troll over the internet takes actual skill.
00,02tf2 or build bigger rocket
/me hugs Vacation_Wrek "you heard there would be what now?" :3c
that girl looks like a man
00,02i needs bigger rocket for longer trip in ksp
Phase4 tf2? then we can join
build bigger rocket
omegasparkle: I think all the females in this game do.
meant the general assumption that the UK islands=24/7 rain
That girl looks like a girl, actually. :P
Learn to accept other people thoughts, and you can let just about anything roll off your back :D
Well guys, I'm going to church now.
00,02later AttackWithHugs
Bye, AttackWithHugs
I'll be back in about 2 hours or so
bye AttackWithHugs, take it easy
bye AttackWithHugs
TF2??
bye AttackWithHugs
cya Attack
And someone keep Phase4 from killing someone by car
Cya AttackWithHugs :P
lol
/me hugs the chat
build a bigger rocket
RaveBrony: It's easy to develop a immunity against the internet and trolls really :D
00,02tf2 or rockets
00,02i cant decide D:
rockets
rockets?
killerpony7733: Yeah :D
Obvious liarface is obvious
dem BLATANT lies.
00,02rockets
00,02i wana make rockets
Phase4: Flip a coin?
22222222
yes!!
What would happen if I let more parasprites in... It does sometimes get boring in the chat
rockets rock!!
Phase4: Streams still on LA noire still :O
dual screens Phase4 ?
00,02killerpony7733, it will be for a while
just make her cover her mouth with one hand just to make one more obvious body language sign...
ah LegoBrony....dont
00,02d3rb, nope, i'm on laptop
00,02one screen
damn
d3rb I won't.
if i refresh stream will it be on teh rockets?
LegoBrony: dont need futile drama...
00,02omegasparkle, not sure
00,02i dont think so
LegoBrony: You heard Ghosties, Your choice
d3rb: rocket science is SRS BZNS it needs all the attention!
refresh shows no change in stream pos
T^T damn you noir
00,02ah
00,02Chrysalis, never quite sure
00,02mips mehaves wierd
00,02behaves'
just a little
00,02i probably shouldnt be building rockets
fine for me
this water literall smells like french cheese
rockets are srs bzns :|
00,02ah well
00,02still on la?
yeah.
Wait, you moved over to gerbils in space now?
yup
fukcing la T^T
just finishing off the kid atm
i mea
whut
00,02how far behind
end of interview.
00,02i'ma load stream
Phase4: ohai
you just finishing TALKING to the kid
00,02woah
the mermaid
Just finished talking to the kid.
00,02THATS AGES BEHIND
Chrysalis: that sounded nasty...on many levels....
finished talking to witness
Phase4, you might want to restart your stream >_>
i know
00,02i had a whole 10 minutes of failure after this
00,02i meen
JAESUS.
stream lag
00,0210 minutes of epic
I mean
00,02the next 10 minutes went perfectly
:D
you just typed wow
Phase4, seriously, you need to restart your stream, bro
10 minutes of epic failure
and you tabbing to the wikia...
booo~
damnit, lost hostory can't check
00,02WallDives, what wikia
00,02>_>
hey maybe we can see the trolling again...yay
00,02<_<
<.<
<.>
Phase4: we're at 12 minutes at delay now, climbing ^^
00,02dat should be better now
00,02hmm
MUCH better now
00,02shuttle
Gerbil Space Program
00,02or command module
there we go, only seconds behind now
still 3 seconds behind >.>
00,02i needs big
00,023 seconds is briliant
omegasparkle thats about normal
I never notcied that theyx have so small bodies :/
Phase4: but now your 10 minutes of failure/epic will be lost FOREVER T.T
3 seconds behind is an acceptable delay.
00,02infact its probably some kind of record
00,02nominal delay is at least 20
diddutz just imagin the best epic possible
more like 12-20 seconds
00,0210 if your lucky
and pretend you watched phase do 10mins of it
so much buffer
00,02^ Chrysalis
00,02so yeah
00,02shuttle or command module?
both
cake
00,02no one try to be smart and say tardis
why is stream bcking up?
shuttle module
make a cake fly
00,02RainBowJack, wish i knew
streams about 30s already
00,02omegasparkle, this is not top gear
00,02we are more srs here
hah
00,02stream lagging?
we? srs?
stream bugger atm
make a military bomb shuttle that goes to pluto
buffer*
i beg to differ
00,02Vacation_Wrek, well moreso than top gear
00,02so, you know
00,02clown level as oposed to crack head
There is no cow level
00,02top gear is epic
can you make the cockpit a reliant robin?
00,02theres a mod i should make
i tend not to watch topgear
00,02this game needs reliant robin command module
Phase4 DO IT
00,02Chrysalis, when i figure out how to blender
00,02stream still lagging?
Yyyyep
very much soo
00,02huh
and getting worse
http://static.fjcdn.com/comments/doesn+t+mean+they+can+t+be+cute+_a6dc80800d5a98d42e8a5383276bf713.jpeg All would've been different.
turtlegod98 thats just the frontpage
Funnyjunk links dont work for me
:\
but what if it was in the show?
00,02should be a little better
00,02if not, nothing i can do :(
close some of your background applimacasheeeouunz
woo theres another lauren faust panel today
sounds jizztastic
<.<
yesterdays felt a bit awkward
thank you
:D
d3rb: she said a lot of interesting things tho
true
men i wish i had a car so i could go to bronycon.and a licnese. and i lived on the other side of the planet
hey Phase4 can you make a real Shuttle?
00,02RainBowJack, not realy
00,02i have one
00,02it breaks
real shuttles are too mainstream
00,02^
make more spinny rockets!
Phase4 can you make a death trap
/me 00,02hugs Luna
ohai Luna
Make more space drills
<3
Hello, Luna
hey Luna hows your day been
you are missing a plugin to play videos
seems like Stream is just a lil behind now but its not buffering to much
turtlegod98: oh god kill it with fire
fear...thats my though
T^T
turtlegod98 for the love of god kill it
AHAHAHAHA
wooaaiiiiiiiiieeeeeeee!!!
00,02wow
Turtlegod: sounds like a job for the doctor
evil!!
00,02that has more fuel that i thought it'd have
:D omfg
kill it with fire!
:D
Gogogo!!
It reminds me of "The Pony Once Called God"
Aw hell
aw heil
you can find out, on the mooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Space? SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
did you learn anything today turtlegod98 ?
00,02chutes failed
space is best key
Hmm, what is this? A space car?
Mayday!! Mayday!!
d3rb: I didnt learn anythin!
slam into ground nose first
yes...MOUR PICTURES OF SPIDER MAN!!!
space is best bar
nosedive!
ass first O.o
land on your other bottom!
o_o
that poor rocket
Aaaassssss
omegasparkle Phase4 always does it ass firstr
the iron butt
i mean
whit
spiderman? whatever dude
sounds hawt
whut*
00,02Chrysalis, O_O
So, you had no fuel?
Dem poor Kerbals
8/10 nice entry, but could do more tricks
kickflip ^
air method
00,02dis game needs reverse thrusters
also needs to build moar pony powered rockets
need more dynamite
time for sleep. take it easy everypony :P
00,02alexxm, not a bad idea
00,02night d3rb
bye d3rb
Bye, d3rb
night d3rb
d3rb...
what is thy bidding mai mastor
bye d3rb
Phase4, you have the Australium. My country will provide the monkey. Put them together to make HISTORY
Cya d3rb :P
This could get interesting
00,02Kandarihu, :D
omegasparkle destroy the haters
needs more rockets
you is nawt d3rb
I just checked my skype....lol
What the game really needs in control groups of thrusters so that you can have different controls for certain groups of thrusters
dat mail server chat
:o
Now im depressed again... :')
*:'(
dat suprised pinkie face
dayum the stream is behind
i only got the buck skype not his
Yeah
08,01GOOD MORNING ALL
08,01well, afternoon
hey mr planet
08,01reports of my death are greatly exaggerated
08,01i'm actually at a con
08,01KIDS?
Awww
04Yes, kids
08,01IN MY CHAT?
04Dumb kids
08,01it's more likely than you think
kids that deserve a beating
^
00,02suddenly yellow
:D
04Retarded kids who think calling people "gay" and "pedophiles" is |337 trolling
kids that tried to steal my innocence
00,02huh
00,02dis thing cant lift itself
00,02that could be a problem
sure it can
just add more bombs
08,01<3
Or a bigger engine
i come back and suddenly Cole Phelbs is going to space
00,02bigger engines
08,01turtlegod98: it feels fantastic <3
00,02by which i meen more engines
what other games you got phase
Phase: it will be able to after it burns enough fuel
and also, firing the solid boosters would help
hey TrixieBaconMuffin hows your day been
08,01alexxm: interesting
This game needs huge, massive engines.
lolded
o_o
wat?
:D
that went well
00,02wow
At least the Kerbals survived?
indeed
00,02this game is amazing dumb sometimes
08,01i've been doing a bit of behind the scenes tech help for the con, and i've been organising my own team and table
00,02did exactly the oposit of what i wanted it too
it just fell over and went *boom* like teh trolls muthas
Why is everypony going to Cons but me!?!? :'( Im starting to Hate NY!! :'(
this should be fun
weeeeeee
RaveBrony, I'm not going to cons either.
if it makes you feel beter, i've never been to any con in my life
Ivan is best table maker
Hey guys... Ooh a rocket ship....
I MAY go to the Grand Galloping Galacon in Germany.
MAYBE
Hey guys
i can't go to any cons eithor RaveBrony
almost looks like a Shuttle Phase4
I would go to just about Every con in Florida....now..... nothing :'(
Wait....
00,02RainBowJack, allmost
hey DarkStar hows your day been
00,02different in design and intent though
Dat rocket detach
Aw crap
Hello, DarkStar
everypony in uk, come to BUCK!
i assume that wasn't supposed to happen
At least it had parachutes
/me wonders how much of the thruster cone evaporates
Just woke up alexxm
looks like a mole
^
also, ill need to get your names at somepoint for those that do
Yeah. You staged too early there
did you sleep well DarkStar
Ooh, landing upright would be cool.
Sure did, thx for asking
Yay!!!
+Phase4 what uder gaimz yew gawt
but will they survive
All ended well.
00,02omegasparkle, a few
04...but how does it taste?
seems legit
OOO,i might buy Waves :3
play one with gunz
Who agrees on this statement? http://profile.ak.fbcdn.net/hprofile-ak-snc4/277046_239833549389683_1096949_n.jpg
And the gerbils lived
the end
Ah, this is where the wheels come in
Or not
turtlegod98: I DO I DO
:p
:D
phase play a game that haz gunz
you might regret it
TF2
Fruitella is best sweet. :P
doesnt regret it
One does not simply order the streamer around
^
Ill prove you wrong RaveBrony: Phase4: PLAY TF2 >:o :p
:D
I like TF2. My favorite server is a deathmatch server on a farmville map... Alot of spawnkillers but it is all fun.
herpdederp
=_(\
00,02ACS13123, ?
/me sings the Black Dynamite theme song
Phase4: dont worry
http://img695.imageshack.us/img695/1989/machomanf.jpg this is awesome
Dy-no-Mite!
What is That, alexxm? :D
So... Has he ever made it to the moon?
alexxm, uh, nope
TheRandomkid321: Several times
TheRandomkid321: yes, twice
might be more
RaveBrony jesus about to get an elbow drop
Oh wow :D
:D
00,02ok
He has also made a trip to the further moon, and got back too
00,02dis stage has to get the upper stage (shuttle and tanks) into orbit
There is a further moon?
00,02the upper stage should be enough to shoot for and land on mun/minmus
00,02provided i land somewhere flat
00,02TheRandomkid321, minmus
Phase4 Making a Munar/Minumar rover?
This wont work!
00,02i want something that can land on minmus/mun then make it to the other one before returning home
00,02TheRandomkid321, thats the fun bit ^_^
Does Kirz still play L4D2 with chat members?
Phase4 But the aliens will die :'(
sho' nuff Dy-no-mite
so Phase4 how do you get so many volunters for the rockets
Phase4, how good is the tardis?
alexxm kerbals breed like rabbits
by bribing then with pony pics
00,02alexxm, i have no idea
00,02Mutterguy, its utter crap
00,02Mutterguy, basically a powerfull rocket with infinite fuel
hai everypony
00,02not too usefull and booring to pilot
and time travel
CCCP: Hey
CCCP hiya
hello Ghost30k and killerpony7733 :3
Hey CCCP!!! :$
hey CCCP hows your day bene
I think i am behind on the stream... Oh well...
hi RaveBrony and alexxm, my day has been good, i just woke up.
00,02this seems safe
i have no life until i start working at gamestop, at which point i will still have no life but, at least i will have a job with no life
Lol
Hi CCCP :3
more like flying espeons
Didnt see you
needs more clop material
hello ACS13123 :D
13ELEPHANTS
13!espeon
Goood evenyng everypony
hello Scavender
:)
Good evening Scavender :)
What are we watching?
hey Scavender we're watching the rocket thing hows your day been
Scavender: Phase4's Kerbal Space Program adventures ;D
Scavender: idk, but its not G3! :(
what does it take to become an admin on any website that already exists? i need something fun to do while i waste my life being anti-social
/me is away: SleepySleeps
hello alexxm my day was fine, done nothing...
/me is back (gone 00:00:05)
00,02dis looks good
i did not hit her its not true its bullshit i did not hit her... I DID NAAHT... ohai bronystate
00,02APS, dat script?
00,02ohai valoreins
hey valoreins hows yoru day bene
just fine
needs more drug violence
turtlegod98: I protest this insult to my race and will endevor to exterminate those who created such a thing
Hey valoreins :D
ok
http://derpy.me/WVqqW
oh hai valoreins
Hello, valoreins
Dat park
CCCP dat mane six plus relevant characters outside? :O
cute pic CCCP
:D
but.. cadence looks a bit creepy there...
killerpony7733: yup
dunno why
alexxm: :3
Phase4 : it doesnt look save
00,02inb4 this explodes
CCCP also dat rarity duckface
chat derped back in a sec
:D
Phase4 I can't see this flying
Phase4: inb4 you are right
killerpony7733: oh i didn't see that at first! lol
00,02wow
00,02dat exploded faster than expectedf
CCCP did you ping me
Spoilers phase
CCCP: that...twi :(
spoilers!!!
you can't see it flying because you don't see twilight lifting it with her magicz
D:
CCCP also derpy at the background on the left
We are still like 2 minutes behind
you haven't even launched yet
00,02o i
alexxm: yes i just put a :) face :P
00,02o i c
00,02the boosters are inside one another
00,02that could be problemati
00,02c
CCCP: you made that pic?
00,02ah well
00,02just have to deal with fewer boosters
it's inside itself?
twilight_sprinkle: whats wrong with Twilight? and no i didn't
sounds hawt
twilight_sprinkle: No he didn't he is just a really good art searcher
killerpony7733: that was the first thing i saw! :D
CCCP: sexified twi kills my soul...
Hey Phase4 I see you building, and I noticed that some of your boosters are inside one another :P
moar rockets within rockets
it's the middle one
lolded
that went well
Boom!!
moar boom!!
wait
wut?
lag->boom->ded
twilight_sprinkle: i don't personly love it either, but i thought the picture was still good.
Just got to the big boom
they survived?
CCCP: yeah it is good
00,02note that you guys are a bit behind me
00,02ACS13123, nope
how the fuck...
00,02thats a bug
oh k
00,02they are dead, the images dont update if they die too fast
:D
http://derpy.me/RmrNR
prettyfull
bye guys
Oooo
Aw, cya alexxm!
bye alexxm
Goneee
btw CCCP dont forget that lauren faust panel is in 30 minutes
http://vocaroo.com/i/s0Cpuhdu0zWg for you Phase4
00,02soo many ways to explode
[wklmjhe]JRP2234: Lolwut!?!
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-sad.jpg It's true.
:D
twilight_sprinkle it is? Oh thank you! :D *hugs*
turtlegod98: D:
CCCP: youre welcome :) i didnt want you sad again after missing her panels yesterday
turtlegod98: Don't be sad, it's a natural part of pony life. :/
ok
twilight_sprinkle: :D
I watched like 3 vids of panels.... and Rarity wasnt in any one of them :[
CCCP: its not just lauren faust tho, therell also be amy rogers and peter new
Welp
that failed
Pfffffft
oh cool twilight_sprinkle is it being streamed on everfree radio?
hmm...
CCCP: yeah in 30 mins
:D
6_9
i heard wordz and it drew my attention back to this tab
Dat everfree radio!
00,02k
00,02this craft wont work
/me bobs his head to the beat
00,02at least not properly
00,02i founds a bug
needs more struts
twilight_sprinkle: im so excited! :D
Needs more thrusters
yay my friend is in bronycon and he's going to find some souvenirs there for me :D
00,02fuel lines are doing nothing
CCCP: yeah, lauren is surprisingly nice, and very modest
/me mutes stream, its in conflict with my own music XD
ughh i need more time to work on my FiM fic :[
and hi valoreins :)
00,02unless the directin has something to do with it
Lil_B
Phase4 could you maybe put the fuel tanks into different state groups and it would work?
ohai
stage&
I'm kinda semi present in this chat Xd
Holla everypony! :)
oh oh the bronycon stream is on
valoreins: I know, I *just* got back in time to see it.
GilDash: Hey gildy :)
00,02need to wait for the boosters to run out
00,02i'm not sure where the stream is
hi GilDash :)
you just made a bunch of pipes
you were just adding some fuel lines
/me hugs killerpony7733 and CCCP.
00,02ah
The stream is about 3 minutes behind real time
you just said fuel lines are draininh
draining*
00,02the way you lay fuel lines decideds which way fuel can go
00,02so i fixed the problem
00,02this can work
Horray for science
00,02note to self
00,02add parachutes to command module
particles
/me opens up new tab with everfree radio :D
00,02incase of fuselage explosion
CCCP: Good idea. ;)
okay now i must not sleep during the John de Lancie's panel i wont make the same mistake again!
GilDash: :)
it will not fly
lol
you need a god damn plan
inb4 link
ha, its flying
i don't do links
00,02dis should be mun capable now
tew lazy
i'm the goddamn planman
00,02i'ma try it then go to bed
HIYA everypony
ohai Bronysith
heya Bronysithcakes
:o
hello Bronysith :)
so right now we're seeing the lunar vehicle taking off after you ditched the boosters and auxilliary rockets
RIP Raincloud
!pokemon
Hey Bronysith :P
Morning everyone.
CCCP: btw they uploaded faust bronycon opening part, want link?
yesh >.>
yea they dead
twilight_sprinkle: okay sure! :D
ello everypony!
heya musicalcakes
Hey MusicalPony :)
00,02the larger srb's you find in plugins realy need to be added
hey RaveBrony!
Wb :P
thanks :P
Do you make an OC :o
*Did
i created one on this app thing but not on paper yet.
Ponycreator?
the music kinda fits
oh wow they ponified beatles' music
BeatleBrony
yep they did , and its real good
i think there is a YT channel of it
who streams when phase goes to sleep?
00,02dis is going beautifully
Im not a pony , they are the ponies , i am the zebra cu cu cachoo
yeah its very impressive, but nothing beats the original Beatles ofc
Ford Mustang with RD cutie mark...
11.•10«11WB10 (Ran10) 11WB10»11•. 10- Skyrim is part of a nutritional balanced breakfast
that would be so cool
Inb4 bananas.
inb4 inb4
oh i dreamt of pony trading cards today
This :D
Not sure what's going on. Who's the second guy? I just got here, sorry. I just thought it was one person playing a game and streaming it.
There goes the house
RaveBrony: it was something on dA
RaveBrony: Ghosties showed it to me
Yeah :P
HALLO PONIES! *Loving cuddly glomps for all the chats*
Byetch.
FairysHuff:!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I like Rarity's fashion boutique better :P
i like fairy stuffz
!
/me megaglomps FairysHuff
MusicalPony: Hallo ^_^
!pokemon
Ran, you are a 14Chimchar.
Blagh
well im off for a while
have a good day
TOOO THE MOOOOOOOONNNNNAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH BEEEYATCH!!!
twilight_sprinkle: *DOUBLE GLOMPS*
FairysHuff: ok you win :D
FairysHuff: im not leaving until later today!! so i got to see everypony one last time and say my goodbyes when im leaving.
/me glomps FairysHuff
00,10Phaase you realy should turn down the amount of space junk the game tracks
:D
You aint findin no bannanas on the MOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH BEEEEEEYAAAATTCCCHHH!!!!
hi Sumica and FairysHuff :)
I'm feeling a little better today. Not in as much pain ^_^ Back to my normal everyday level of headpain. *Touchs wood* I hope it stays that way O_o
>.>
:O
can i touchez wood
MusicalPony: yay! ^_^ *Cuddles*
*cuddles* hurray
Lil_B: Holla
I feel sorry for headphone users.
did you know: Each of these cannon shots missed the moon
Do you like bananas?
Malavolent: I muted it ^_^
cuz i do.
00,02der we go
you can find out, on the moooooooooooooonnnnnnaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!
ONN THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNNNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH BBEEEEEYYYYYYAAAATTTCCCCCHHHHHH
00,02Sumica, i should
00,02probably should make less of it
http://maxiburger.tumblr.com/post/20096196439/
wait, Livestream broke down because of the the massive viewers of bronycon stream?!
00,02i'm liking dis rocket
(ear rape)
valoreins: Are you really that surprised?
00,02though i need to improve the earlier stage
your ponies needz moar ponies
my brain has died.
This will be phase's official birthday rocket
00,02kinda need these tanks full
00,10making it is fine, but if you left it at defalit it tracks 250
i thought it was a technical problem of the everfree :s
00,02probably gona dump them on kerbin
00,02i meen mun
08,01-/win 18
08,01whoops
00,02XD
Kandarihu: whats with all the 'w'
Suddenly, mods.
http://derpy.me/mrZF9
Good morning Bronystate!
hehe omg
hi Marx
hello Marx
00,02dat was epic lucky timing
ohai Marx
Hiya Marx :P
00,02near perfect transfer
CCCP: Dat pic! :o
it's cool to have a room mate that washes the dishes but, she does it with wubs o.0
I've only figured out how to get to solar orbti :/
RaveBrony: :3
CCCP: that's bad ass.
turtlegod98: :$
Man, this is like getting up for one of the early season 2 episodes.
It's worth it though.
Just checked my Skype.
Thanks Phase.
OneTrickPony's only got one song and OneTrickPony plays it all night long
best username ever
crush, kill, destroy, swag
/me dances my heart out
08,01FairysHuff: kinda, actually
08,01ask me later
Wait, what am I reading in the schedule?...
what is he playing?
my mom
:O They're showing Ponies: The Anthology 2 today!!
yup
00,02realy nice orbit there
Who wants a free guest pass for crunchyroll.com? I have loads and no one to give them to.
actually tonight in my place :p
me
what is this game? i like it
FairyHuff meeeee!!!
00,02hmm
Everfree, do NOT screw up this time!
00,02to land
Marx: What!? Srsly?
00,02or make realy low orbit
04FairysHuff, please don't advertise
00,02lets try land
omegasparkle: Oki doki. Let me just PM you one.
00,02gona be chalanging
04If you really want then you can PM, yeah
00,02dis thing lands on wheels
Marx: actually it was the livestream server that derped not the everfree, we somehow broke the site because of bronycon
we believe in you phase
/me dances again
RaveBrony, It's in the schedule!
00,02actualy i'll need a low orbit for this
phase, use teh force, and run to degabaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh
Peter New interviewed :D
Marx: Omg!!!
11:00AM, do not miss it!
Ghosties: Oh I'm not advertising. I'm just trying to get rid of this pile of guest passes. I seriously have no one to give them to and they keep piling up. So rather than go to waste I thought I'd hand them out here to people who want them.
O___O
/me goes off to watch the trailer again
this looks fun
04Still, don't spam it or anything.
/me is entertained by moon on screen
08,01Phase4: i misread "chalenging" as "changeling"
Ghosties: I won't. Thanks for understanding.
yes!!
Eeyup
/me nods
00,02XD
/me brb i need to... pee?
08,01my god, i got THE MOST AMAZING Chrysalis postcard!
08,01best bit: i convinced the artist to do a charity piece for BUCK!
08,01she's really awesome
:o
08,01she's going to do a discord and celestia pic
08,01and i'm going to attempt to get John de Lancie to sign it
00,023,3km periapsis
08,01then auction it off for charity! \o/
00,02dats a little close
08,01RaveBrony: 2 secs
:o
ok :3
00,02so i make it closer
got admin on my favorite minigames server on CSS
glorious day.
00,02probably gona hit the mun
what we are speaking now?
:o
Souse?
08,01http://ompldr.org/vZWtyeA
how tell parents, ttaht im brony? sry my bad english :(
Souse everyone?
=3
08,01that's the chrysalis
08,01human chrysalis is just as awesome when she's drawn that way \o/
...
o-o
i mean
awesome
enyvone?
00,02wow
HELLOOOOOOOOOO
...
._.
00,02i'm passing at 2.1km
So much inactivity
00,02ground is on average 1.5km
00,02highest i've ever seen is 3
no, i think not :D
00,02so dis is close
Someone should definatly do a pmv of wicked with chrysalis and celestia
00,02VERY close
.weelllll
08,01Chrysalis: <3
LAND ON THAT MOON
puhuuko kukaan suomea?
08,01the artist who did it is absolutely lovely
Dafuq is this..
i actually have 2 chrysalis t shirts on pre-order for buck now
What's that :l
00,02and i cant see the ground
00,02little unsafe
00,02inb4 boom
inb4 penizess
Inb4 dafuq
00,02goddamnit
sooo
00,02this is gona take a while
can someone help that finnish dude over there o_O''
00,027 minutes til perapsis and i can only 2x warp
repeat the holy phrase after me, "nigga, get yo black ass out of here"!!!!
00,02on the plus side i have over 2 full tanks on the outer rockets, and the iner one is completly full
omegasparkle: Nigga is a slang term for friend >_>
00,02this thing could leave and return to mun
Don worry phase, we are basically 3 minutes behind, so it is still kind of interesting
00,02mabey even make a minmus orbit
i'm using the boondocks meaning
00,02lol, i need to figure the delay
Why?
beep
im back ponies !!
boop ;3
/me makes omegasparkle GTFO for not using the normalterm
00,02i'ma brb
the boondocks term is teh normal term
at least it was
UNTIL IT BECAME TOO MAINSTREAM
:o
Oh u guise, so hipster :O
i'm all about mainstream
:O
yer around 4.7k above mun on our end
why did the hipster burn his tongue on the slice of pizza?
if being hipster is mainstream then is being mainstream hipster
cause he ate it before it was cool ;D
MusicalPony: Because, it was hot.
4 k now
I can live with this song
being mainstream is being mainstream because people in the mainstream don't know it.
/me is anti-joke-copy
HOHOHOOHOH
does anypony know what game is being streamed?
Kerbal :3
Kerbal Space Program :3
PinkiePieCopy
thanks Starflash :)
yw ^-^
Sup brah
ThunderCloud: Mini Giant Space Hamster Boo and his sidekick Minsc
00,02dis is irresponsible
at the start of his current flight i was thinking, yo momma's dildo is ready, now it's all like, look at what your mom did to her dildo
Sup brah
00,02its like driving on the wrong side of the road
00,02except i'm going at 570 meters a second
Flying on the dark side of the mun?
00,02i cant see anything
the MLP Writers Panel (with Megan McCarthy and ... some other writer) is about to start at bronycon
00,02and there are no breaks
*Shifts over to bronycon*
00,02if dis was my other craft i'd be going at 100m/s right now, and slowing for descent
OMG BRONYCON I FORGOT!
HEY GUYS
I HAVE A GOOD JOKE
kk
awesome joke
I have the best joke ever
00,02my hope is for a more fuel efficent landing method
here it is...
What is white, heavy, and will kill you if it falls on you?
This... is not a joke
your moms cock
Phase4 more importantly, if you land on the wheels will you really be able to takeoff?
A fridge
chat just derped
Some people would be able to survive a fridge :l
AntiJokeCopy whats small green and triangular?
omegasparkle: Fuck you.
cake
i'd like a nice fucking
Lil_B: A green triangle.
00,02its landing thats hard
omegasparkle: why is every single thing you say so wrong?
cuz i am wrong
00,02dats a very close pass
!chatstats
^its a riddle
Loading stats program...
AntiJokeCopy no, a SMALL green triangle
00,02seem to be safe though
Does it still work? O_O
/me is an anti-joke PPC
Phase4 maybe rcs on bottom of ship?
Hey Phase4
wooooah it works
A mexican and a black are in a car.
00,02i'm in an orbit at 2.2k
They're carpooling.
Phase4: but there are breaks
00,02diddutz, on the wheels sure
TheRainbowDash's got some competition
stream just went to hell
how fast would you be landing?
oh, you were talking about mid-air...
I
*exploding
I L-IED
haha today's bronycon isnt that interesting
oh ok, apperantly Lauren Faust is also on the writers Panel :)
and the voice of Big Macintosh XD
Eyyyu-EENOPE
all the girls call him big mac, if you know what i mean ;)
00,02goddamnit
Lil_B: GUESS WHAT
00,02light side of the mun is 7 minutes out
omegasparkle didn't we had that earlier XD
yes
my little pony... my little pony.. my little pony... my little pooooonyy....
i was the one who said it then to
omegasparkle i know XD
Brb, tablet is effing up, gotta reboot
who's on the right side of Lauren?
Lil_B: What did Batman say to Robin before Robin got in the batmobile? P
spread dem cheeks
Phase4 Just call it a manned survey mission and fly back?
00,02well
00,02nvm
00,02Mutterguy, too late
valoreins another writer, appearently she had something to do with derpy
oh wow
00,02turns out to be too hard to land on wheels
AntiJokeCopyI don't know :?
00,02that kinda sucks
00,02another flight or bed
Lil_B: "Robin, get in the Batmobile!"
i liked my answer better
omegasparkle: You are a sick little monkey, go on Rainbow Dash's room
y?
omegasparkle: It's filled of your kind
why are 2 voice-actors on the writers panel XD now the voice of Snips (or snails, i don't know) joined too XD
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH
oh, well, ummm....
hey guys
okay T^T
04Before we get into any arguments, the side rooms are closed
04So he can only be here
Damnit
nope, he didn't I derped
00,10hmmmmm
04omega, cool it with the language will ya?
i didn't use any profanity
Phase4 it's up to you, but on my birthday I would require a long nights sleep
00,02as imposible as it is to land
00,02i like dis rocket
04Read the rules if you have to, but just don't get too explicit with sexual content
just suggestive wording
omegasparkle: YES YOU DID. My fridge antijoke you replied to as "Your mom's cock"
oh yea
00,10we seem to have a puppeteer
-_-'
i forgot that
So are mine, but I just like a long sleep to reward myself with
00,02Sumica, you on stream?
00,10nope
hey guys
omegasparkle: And you said a bunch of other stuff like "Fuck me"
-_-'
DAFUQ
00,02Sumica, i wish to excange scientific data (read: show off my rocket)
you said fuck first though
i just said i'd like it
08,01Phase4: oh my
00,02CF
00,02XD'
omegasparkle: No I didn't... I said fuq.
00,10nice explosion
00,02yeah
difference is?
00,02it does that
omegasparkle: I said Dafuq, has nothing to relate with secks
00,02Sumica, you just see me *land*?
00,10AntiJokeCopy, remove your clones from chat please.
no you said "fuck you"
/me 00,02is not sure where his stream is
00,10yeah I saw you "land"
00,02i was orbiting at 2.2k
Sumica: I'm not sure how... ._.
4 min lag time
00,02i deserved that
hii
00,10ok then I will do it for you
/me is now Phase4
00,02lol, nice try AntiJokeCopy
The bronycon stream is taking it's time getting started >_>
Aw.
00,02Sumica, restarted stream, you should see the vab now
i don't know how to change to the rd room, i click rd in the theatre drop down thingy but it not under the chat like bronystate is
04omega, the side rooms are closed right now
FairysHuff yeah... 30 minutes ago, a guy said "It will start in 10 minutes." :/
00,02dat guy
omegasparkle side rooms are only open for movie nights
random question: who has xbox live?
00,02the first stage needs a little more power
00,02enough to get it into orbit
oh, sorry i couldn't comply then AntiJokeCopy
Ghosties: Think he means the room where all the people go to talk about sexual stuff.
00,02i burn through a tank and a half in the upper stage doing that
/me stops being and AntiJoker
04And we don't advertise other channels either
damit the bronycon stream is mute.... D:
FairysHuff: That's not the RD room. :D
..
valoreins NOOO! damnit!
they dont have that up where i live so it was nice to try it out
brb
dindin
00,02dis rocket needs something
00,02not sure what
idk about this stuff, i'm still new too ponies, i only finished teh last two eps of season two 2 days ago
GilDash: No? I remember someone showing me it. I thought it was part of this site. I forget who it was though as it was when I first came here.
aha! sound!
00,02omegasparkle, and now the wating for season 3 begins
SOUND!
00,10odd shuttle
i started later so for me the wait is smaller ^^b
FairysHuff: Oh, some of us try, but that's not where it is. :D
Hmm.. I thought I saw something red
00,02lol nice, stream isnt too far behind
04Red?
oh ya people! it's already 71 days since the season finale aired! :D
ah :D
Hai Ghosties ~
00,02Sumica, the upper bit can allmost reach orbit on its own
04Haha, hello :P
we can make it to september
How are you still awake O_O'
time sure goes fast, huh?
cuz i never sleep
04No idea
i hope lauren returns at season 4 or 3(very hopeful)
00,10btw the smaller SAS causes a strange torque issue in 15.2 so carfull useing them
I'm like monty oum, i just nap for 3hours every few days or so
valoreins: 71 days? O_O'
yup
dat time...
00,10You could also save your self some weight with the external tank RCS if you used the shuttle nose RCS.
in 3 more hours it will be 72 days
ah, that's right, I got half a university license in that time :D
other half is next week... /nervous
Flutter rage activate
silly version of smile song?! :o
Here we go!
valoreins how is that possible
just look at the bronycon stream
and Amy is singing it right now
ok
we needz moar ponies
valoreins Smile! Extended edition >D
>D}
Damnit!
brace yourself, the fanmade version of the silly smile song will be made
for a brony site there is supprisingly small amounts of ponies
00,02ALLMOST enough for orbit
00,02Sumica, havent noticed the issues
00,02with the sas that is
00,02and trying to use all stock parts
currently the viewers of bronycon livestream is 1541
00,02no fun in mods, they make it too easy
the stream literally just rewinded like 3 seconds
and the song referred derpy doo?!
or did i hear it wrong?!
Ikr
10Meep
>mfw Amy said Derpy Doo
no, you heard right :D
that's a long song...
12Sky :D
valoreins it was at 3.5k last night for the faust interview
So...hows everypony doing>
valoreins zes, derpz Oo
I find the word Derpy awesome.
chaotic
let's see the brony artist made the song in YT
thanks for asking Discord
04<omegasparkle> for a brony site there is supprisingly small amounts of ponies <-- You mean BronyState or the BronyCon stream?
My Keyboard layout eppearently just changed ...
i'm good |Discord| how about you
bronystate
alexxm: Good good...im back at home
And then, people were expecting 24/7 ponies on stream again.
04Ah, in that case:
i haven't looked at bronycon bcause of some reasons >.>
omegasparkle http://www.bronystate.net/faq/
spinning only annoys the astronauts
the silly smile song has a 60s feel..
Don't ask for ponys omega, or we will get the live ponies *shudder*
Smiiiiile
04BronyState emphasizes a heavy policy on the Brony aspect of the community, instead of strictly ponies. What this means is that this site is primarily dedicated to the fan, so outlets like movies, games, discussions, art, etc. is focused on you guys: the Bronies. While we are known to be the number 1 streaming service for FiM episodes, we offer much more than just ponies.
yup
or ^
i seem to be making you type alot
ghosties loves typing
youd think it was a chatroom
:D
04Oh, I didn't type that. I simply copypasted
i see wat you did there
I thought so =w=
04It's on the website
you think this is a real chatroom, NOPE, Chuck Testa
no, i mean i'm making you explain things alot, because i don't usually read rules and what not
So is this an imaginary chatroom?
OMG guys, I just became a brony musician!
I just released my first song
04Then you should, I dunno, READ THE RULES
Starflash: no, its a real chatroom in an imaginary existance
weeeeeeeee
10Soi!
weeeeeeeeee
Also, never say you haven't read the rules.
its mostly just lyrics right now though
I'm tempted to go buy chips with heart stopping levels of salt and vinegar for dinner. Must.... resist O_o
10You don't need to be on the lookout for a Shadow Lugia plush on eBay anymore, I found one on Amazon and I am waiting for it to be delivered
00,02i'm not using the shuttle bits cause its a shuttle
04>salt and vinegar
hiiiiiiiiiiiii :3
04You disgust me
00,02i'm using them cause large light tanks
That sounds.... not quite edible
10hi Chimew
00,02i like salt and vinegar chips
Ghosties: Why?
x3
Great, now I want a huge bag o' chips
/me snug
and i have coffee
04Hate, hate, hate, hate, HATE salt and vinegar flavored chips
FairysHuff: go drink a gallon of water, then reevaluate
stop making me hungry
/me purrs and returns snug
00,02oh cool
00,02it floats
hey guys ! I am a new brony musician!
00,02now i just need a boat engine
00,02ohai AskDerpyDoo
anypony want to listen>?
00,10every thing flotes
yesh
It's just lyrics right now though.
04Hey Derpy, please stop advertising unless you can get permission
Success!
00,10there is no underwater to realy caculate
great. Now my favorite flavor is Salt and Vinegar. I'm such a spiteful person
AskDerpyDoo: maybe after i finished watching bronycon :p
Ghosties: wha?
it didn't explode
00,10........why wheels if no wings?
04Not you, Derpy. I was talking to AskDerpyDoo
oh ok
Water, the only frontier still unknown to the Kerbals.
advertising is posting links.
I'm just so excited that I made my FIRST song.
and said that I made it
00,02i feel dis needs more rockets
04Advertising is also going "Hey! Check out my stuff!"
00,02Sumica, insane plan
AskDerpyDoo: If you are new to this site best check the FAQ and rules
00,10yeah some of the shuttle parts has like an impact tollerence of 255, so you can get them to bounce in to orbit if you hit the ocean.
I did not say that
00,02wanted to try land on wheels on the mun
"Never argue with mods"
I wasn't advertising
00,02Sumica, the mod ones i think, stock ones explode like normal
neverrrr
even though water is like concrete at those speeds
00,10aye
04You've twice told people to check out your things
04Stop
00,02Sumica, theres a problem with the nosecone, if you hit it just right it'll fling you into orbit or through the ground
00,10it's also realy bad with the SRB's
04Either you get permission from a mod to advertise your work or you advertise in PM.
Ghosties is "I made something, does someone wants to see&hear it?" ok?
00,10I have crashed a seond flight in to the still flying SRB's of the first flight
04You have to get permission first
00,02lets add more rocket
00,02XD
add more bombs to the death trap
00,02Sumica, wish you got a recording of that
Dows anyone else feel an Elephant in the room? o_o
00,02would be great tos ee
00,02to see'
00,10that second set is just extra weight with no extra thrust
Ohai Sir Elephant
Why is there an Elephant in the room
Elephant watch out for the porcellan
00,10I have also tryed to fire off liqued tanks as missles only to have them fly up in to me.
Lil_B... well played
I just want to know why the elephant isn't pink
holy shit i didn't know lucahjin was a pegasis
oh btw it's 83 m long
It needs more rakkit!
Derpy_Hooves whos lucahjin
alexxm a youtube let's player
/me is watching let's plays on youtube
thanks Derpy_Hooves are they good at it
00,10mind you that's 83m to the bottom of the C&C bit.
alexxm: she is a good friend of nintendocaprisun, joshjepson, protonjon, and chugga <3
ok Derpy_Hooves
00,10it's probably another 10m tall frm there
Why is there an Elephant in the room
epic flight contraption you got there
00,10looks like slight stageing woops
00,02those extra srb's have added the boost i needed
00,02Sumica, yeah
00,02was a bit
00,10so much overheat
Sod it. I'll go buy some Lucozade and get some chips (Fries) with eart stopping levels of salt and a pickled onion. I love me some pickled onions.
*heart
damn fell asleep
for an hour
:o
there's a guy with a minecraft creeper hat :D
did I miss something?
another flock of haters maybe?
oh and hello again everone
you missed the smile song amy keating version :P
00,02hmmm
00,02not quite enough
00,02needs more rocket
valoreins: sung by 1000 bronies?
http://vocaroo.com/i/s0NyUO5sRzMV lets test my new mic
wait lauren referred "Philomena Troll"
Alchemist: nope Amy herself sing it
dawww
[wklmjhe]JRP2234 Sounds pretty high quality
yeah i should have spaced it out
00,10747am. time for bed.
dont ask what i was saying
Lol
12Oh sweet x3
12Congrats! :3
Sleep well, Sumica!
oh bai Sumica
Canada Day
http://vocaroo.com/i/s03OyD3xsN5X Phase4 for u
10Thank ye
[wklmjhe]JRP2234 I'm guessing you're talking in Simmish
no
I SAID BOOURNS
fire at bronycon
live on stream
08,01Gunny: i've never used it
08,01but i do happen to be a linux wizard
00,02dese lucky transfers are making me look like a much better pilot than i am
08,01so ask away
/me 08,01licks Elephant
Phase is best space pilot
00,02it looks kinda prety
00,02when transfering orbit
The Plastic on one of the lights ast Bronzcon began to burn >&
/me sees Kerbantartica
00,02seeing the other planet aproach
please remain calm. the building is on fire
/me waits for them to turn off the lights
Lol that panel is on FIRE...
00,02no stress on anything
00,02just a gentle drift
bronycon is on fire!
Do not panic, you will all die. ~REGIS MkV
00,02i could slingshot around mun and go for minmus
oh my gosh
LOL, being someone that works with high power lighting this is funny
lamp caught fire :o
Bronycon is on fire
holy cow, the light is actually melting
http://twitpic.com/a2pj8r
what kind of brony pushes and shoves other people?
Chrysalis why is the stream camera focusing on the fire Oo
that's just wrong
why is that light still on
a latter
wait, a ladder
oshit
a Stepladder_
ladder, but not a light switch
wow that lamp is burning good
the_real_pony_1604 sorry just assumed you were a troll
man, that is an AMAZING announcer
I blame Spitfire
We know what they should callÉ
hope nothing goes wrong
?**
It like something out of austin powers
00,02theres actualy not much point to slingshotting around other planets
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
It sparked plasma a minute or five ago. :D
valoreins the fire is just an optical illusion
aww\
yep… it's quite on fire
nope, was watching the panel and then saw it start to drip in front of the camera
00,02the difference betwene a mun transfer and minmus transfer from kerbin is bugger all
why is that light still on ffs
:s
lol call upon the seaponies when you're in distress
00,02might as well just go direct
AskDerpyDoo: Wha?
does this count?
TURN THE SODDING LIGHTS OFF! :D
wrong lights
WHY THE FUCK HAVENT THEY cut the power yet
soo dangress
please don't turn the camera off
is the floor alright?
it is right above the seating area of the main stage
they almost turned off the light. "Isn't 'almost' good enought?"
valoreins its being covered in molten plastic
[wklmjhe]JRP2234 powerboard is probably on a swtch board in a basement
wow
the cut it
well, at least the lights are out now
It's like a lava lamp
I blame Pyro for this incident
Tovler: Literally. :D
00,02spaceflight is beautiful
So I decide to watch the Everfree radio stream live on the big TV, I set it all up, takes me quite a while, and what do I see when I set up? A broken light. Innit grand? :P
Soooo BroNYcon is probably cancelled
08,01so this just happened: http://imgur.com/Jjr8V
someones taking photos
wtf
00,02dem jpeg artifacts
who thought it was a good idea to put plastic next to a very hot heat source?
00,02not sure who they are
1900 people are watching a broken light right now, including me. :P
im so excited..
AgentKalim and me
LANDING ON THE MOON
Chrysalis at least all the plastic is burnt soon
Lil_B sooon
.jpg
00,02o
What happened to that goddamn light anyway? I JUST came in to see that.
00,02i'ma try actualy land this time
you need rockets for that
it looks like it is a normal diffuser that all the lights have. that one just had a problem
overheat
00,02none of this low orbit crap
AgentKalim i think the light just popped
parachutes won't work
08,01AskDerpyDoo: red that in Bob Marley's voice
00,02AskDerpyDoo, i have 3
and the casing caught fire
I see
there's no air on the moon
there goes the bulb
someone took a photo of it... :s
Are they just letting it burn out? :D
is this the FREE version>?
I guess so
Chrysalis because when something is burning, just wait untill everything is reduced into ashes... best way to handle with the situation... like a bruning building
yeah but gravity is ebil
Ohh... there's the bulb.
that would have been a perfect finale
EBIL I SAY
Lil_B: Unless it spreads. :S
Lil_B how could you put a fir out that high
besides
metal roof
considering the alternative is drenching half the area in water
yup
But where are the firefighters in all that? :P
well even if they shot it down it's too late
did you land?
getting there
nice ladders
the fire is there and it will burn the remaining
theres just a pool of burning molten plastic
00,02i'ma try de-orbit carefully
lost signal?
LOST SIGNAL
Are you telling me there's no security and/or safety in all of BroNYcon?
Depends on what's inside the bulding too. A building full of explosive material probably shouldn't be left to "burn out."
We get signal
silly Gildash, Fire cant spread!
its you
yeah, those ladders are not going to make it… and the camera was shut off
the light was above the stage :O
UNIT LOST
we got movie sign
AgentKalim: Did you not see that guy standing in blue the whole time?
lost signal
I guess we can do the booty dance until the con is back on.
GilDash: I guess I did? :P
we got a sign of LOST... never watched that show
^
That was a glorious fire.
Power went out, cry
AgentKalim: I think *that* was their idea of security. :D
Twas a great pyre
Well, Spitfire showed up I guess. :D
i blame Pyro
http://vocaroo.com/i/s0m1YewucsMI my reaction to lost signal
the fire was planned and a reference to the pyro update
prince-lemon: Wow that was quick
lol datEQD post
The announcer was funny. Him describing the fire was similar to how Will Ferrell's character was describing his pain in Austin Powers
That fire. It was so fiery and hot.
what all that extra stuff in orbit?
Space junk
00,02the rcs isnt realy neded on this craft
Tovler that announcer was incredible with how CALM he was
00,02its there to help with takeoff and landing should i need a sudden burst
I guess Imma watch the Lauren Faust panel from yesterday until it comes back on
LIVING IT UP ON THE DARK SIDE
OF THE MOON
00,02under power though it doesnt matter
The announcer was annoyed at how noone was turning off the lights.
00,02rockets have vectoring
[01:03:51] Vigilant_Watch sets mode +m[01:04:01] <%Sketchy_Sounds> And that's why the chat was muted.[01:04:05] <%Vigilant_Watch> Yes. there was a fire. Congratulations.
i'll just wait for the signal to come back
Chrysalis he was more like... fire... seriously?
He was almost John Malkoviching
he must have some British in him. :D
00,02theres gyro's in the command module
00,02makes things nice and easy
I think I was an early contributer to the flood
I think that was the voice guy for Big Mac, but not 100% sure
Discord happened to the lgiht
how do you plan on getting OFF of the moon?
anthology late
It's gonna happen today bronies! I can feel it
Oh godd guys guys listen
the_real_pony_1604 yes, the guy in the hat was big mac
inb4 crash and burn
he was part of the panel
they may as well upload Anthology 2 now
AskDerpyDoo: Get off the Moon? What do you MEAN get OFF the moon? :P
I'm gonna get lego batman 2 today I can feel it!
I guess that fire shall be the highlight of the entire con.
hmm in december 21th 2012 the world will change.... IT AL MAKES SENSE NOW
good morning;)
John de Lancie, please contain your powers. :D
^
GilDash XD, or use them to stop this
well, you have to rescue Luna and brng her back to Equestria
GilDash if he was seeming drinking a glass of chocolate milk, it would explain a lot
Dec. 12 2012, it is announced that MLP season 4 is canceled
are you on the moon yet?
AskDerpyDoo: that would be horrible, specially since my birthday is the day after that...
has anzone seen Vordox latly?
I'm nervous about Season 3 now that Lauren and Rob Renzetti are completely removed.
Tovler: Who's Rob? :S
Haven't heard that name before.
pixelkitties @pixelkitties
The roof, the roof, the roof is on fire...
"
don't worry in heaven they have all 50 seasons and new episodes continue to be produced
HELLFIRE~
damnit, my keyboard layout somehow got switchet, z and y are now switched and all the symbols are gone_
Dat burnycon... so bad -_-
twilight_sprinkle, that surely was the highlight of the con
I think Rob was the head story editor or something like that.
00,02shit
00,02was hoping to keep that engine
Tovler yes, nmain guy for the storys
Phase4, are you on the moon?
In 4 minutes I'm gonna see something that leads to a lost engine
CrimsonPhoenix: yeah. thelamp couldnt handle the heat
00,02CrimsonPhoenix, yeah
00,02and i'm on a hill
00,02with wheels
say hi to woona for me :3
i hope in season 3 derpy has derpy eyes
00,02so it wont stop rolling
00,02REALY need some kind of vertical controll
:O
00,02rcs MIGHT be enough but no clue how to controll it
appledash6, Derpy always had derpy eyes afteer the last round-up
A and D buttons?
tara strong @tarastrong
Fire @BronyCon!!! (I blame my dress) come me outside the hotel to the right 4 autographs
The music for your landing was pretty good
00,02but i am on the ground
Daring Doo is Derpy Doo's mom
back everpony!
00,02nw
00,02now'
00,02wheeled takeof
AskDerpyDoo well, thez would get enough good quality content to last 5 seasons XD
00,02no clue if this will work
don't worry in heaven they have all 50 seasons and new episodes continue to be produced
i smell like a man now :| my dad sprayed me with axe
bigfoot
and you can actually become one of the characters!
fire
MusicalPony how does it feel to ba a man ?
Lil_B: gross.
(actually heaven is 120% cooler than the best thing you can think of)
MusicalPony aww :(
MusicalPony: you should be careful. I hear in commercials that women flock to people sprayed with axe
Hopefully, Blast Hardcheese will be the new story editor.
I heard there's a library with every book ever written
?
Lil_B: lol sorry, i just smell like a man and im not around my bf,.. its too awkward.
He's someone I can put my faith in
and every book never written
^monty python reference
00,02wekk
00,02well'
00,02i lost bits
its the best library ever, because its even better than I describe it
00,02but all in all i call this a success
and CRASH
00,02i'm limited by the parts avaliabel to me
This was a triumph
Im making a note here: HUGE SUCCESS
i'm mkaing a note here
We just got to your landing
huge success
Chrysalis: Ninja'd
we just saw it Phase4, good tineing!
HUGE... BOOM! success?
00,02SHIT
AgentKalim now I onlz want zou gone
00,02i ran out of fuel
08,01so that lass who did that chrysalis picture, i put a load of her postcards and one of her t-shirts on our BUCK stand
screwd
00,02ur
and you continue to slide across the lunar landscape
00,02uh'
00,02shit
00,02um
GG
00,02i was kinda relying on NOT loosing that rocket
fire your rockets!
08,01and she just came up to our stand and said "since you put those up, i suddenly got loads of customers!"
08,01she's almost run out
see if you can get off the moon
my head hurts
lol, awesome
Phase4 you also can't use the central tank correct?
/me head throbs
08,01Chrysalis: it's a human fluttershy
Why do I hear a train whistle way out here?
00,02i have a full tank that i cant use due to the fule lines being missing
*gasp* The Polar Express
00,02i have the rcs
00,02thats not much though
00,02could of sworn i had more fuel
i have to leave soon... its so depressing i wont see any of you again :(
I was driving on the moon one day...
Looks like it will have to be a munar rover after all
in the merry merry month of .... July?
00,02hmmm
That's what I call... Lunar Slander :P
damnit, I just looked into the mirror and I look totallz 90|s with mz cap and colorfull Tshirt XD
00,02i needs more rockets on this thing
Add wings to it
your DOINGIT
OMG!
Wait... the Kerbals have names now?
and CRASH
Phase4: are you just orbitting the moon?
Gerbils always have names.
You just didn't know them before :P
fire!
00,02MusicalPony, nope
00,02i'm about to crash
aw.
Phase4 it's ok. Mission control would have them out there plugging everything back together and then finding the lunar dust ruins all the seals because it's so abrasive and the ship explodes.
08,01hehehe
00,02you'll see that in a minute
You can do it!
well that sucks Phase4
08,01that lass is nice
00,02my design needs work
08,01anyhoos, lemme link you to her DA, if Phase4 doesn't mind
00,02sure
is this part of the free version phase?
nope
hey phase I just made a new song, and joined the brony community, can I post link to it?
00,02i could add more fuel and dump it
00,02AskDerpyDoo, nope, this is .15.2
u didnt crash yet
Bronycon Stream, WE GET SIGNAL
00,02AskDerpyDoo, i'd say yes
really?
valoreins: WHAT YOU SAY
yay!
MAIN SCREEN TURN ON
Phase4 I think that as long as you keep the central rocket safe on landing your ship would have been fine
ask
http://theseaponiesofliverpool.tumblr.com/post/26275785374/1st-song-lyrics-strawberry-sea-forever-would its just lyrics right now....
how are you gentlemen
its a seapony version of Strawberry Fields Forever
00,02there is mroe than enough to do a kerbin re-entry in the center
Howdy y'all!
Phase4 maybe add two way fuel lines on the central tank that is closer to the cocpit just in case
OMG HAHAHA
ohai Everlasting_Joy you wouldnt believe what we see at bronycon
valoreins: I can imagine. . . What did you see?
00,02but the problem is the tanks
00,02little too heavy
"im the t to the w-i l-i-g-h-t trolling hard im twilightlicious!"
Phase4 YOUR STREAM IS like 5 minuets behnd
00,02[wklmjhe]JRP2234, so you havent seen me explode yet?
nope
00,02ok
00,02i didnt explode
Eveerlasting_Joy: suddenly fire during the Writers' panel
00,02i landed perfectly and got bac
00,02back
I think we are getting to it though
00,02''
You ran out of fuel
00,02no i didnt
00,02<.<
valoreins: :O.
burn baby burn. disco inferno
00,02>.>
Ill be in my bunk
chat derp again :(
Everlasting_Joy: but its back to normal again
FairysHuff: ?
valoreins: I figured.
MusicalPony: Hm?
Dat slam
FairysHuff: hai! :)
Ouch
so I'm going to miss Pony anthology 2
That crash landing
JUST GREAT
MusicalPony: Holla ^_^
boom
00,02now dis is an unconventional idea
anypony like my lyrics?
FairysHuff: im leaving soon! :(
MusicalPony: Aww. Ok. But you have my contact details so all is good. Don't worry.
MusicalPony: *Cuddles o love* ^_^
CrimsonPhoenix: Only if we can actually see it at this rate. :D
I've got to go now
haha i do.. but im still sad im leaving everyon FairysHuff.
FairysHuff: *cuddles*
Happy birthday again Phase4.
I like where this spaceship is going. More tubes and toilet paper rolls. :P
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Phase4 !!!!!!!!!!
00,02birthday finished....
XD
ooh it is too
00,021.5 hours ago
awww
Phase4 try building the satlaite of love
I should bed
00,02alexxm, not a clue what that is
alright. Night/morning everyone
Happy birthday 1.5 hours ago Phase4 !
also, there was a fire at bronycon
yup
tab?
what planet r u going to?
he left, can't auto-complete name if they aren't here
o crap this chat
oh yeha..
duh *facepalm*
Phase4: happy ex-birthday!
oh btw i've been hanging around here for months without knowing what "tabbing" is :s
Phase4 http://mst3k.wikia.com/wiki/The_Satellite_of_Love hope this helps
00,02mfw i forgot abotu mst3k
00,02:(
valoreins: its when you type a part of a persons name and click tab and it auto writes the rest for you
what planet?
Just bought ANOTHER J-rpg for my android tablet O_o I loves j-rpgs!!!
MusicalPony: like this? sweet!
FairysHuff: I FIGURED OUT MY OC!
00,02now, i has 2 way fuel for center tanks now
valoreins: got it :D
MusicalPony: OC?
00,02but idealy it should not be needed
FairysHuff: my OC pony.
FairysHuff: what J-rpg did you play?
MusicalPony: Cool what is it?
....so the con's apparently on fire.
valoreins: Aeon Avenger from Kemco
CK|Catnap: You don't say, you are like what quite a bit late with that :D'
well its a blue pegasus.. with 2 different shades of blue.. but i have no name, no cutie mark, and no special talent (goes with the cutie mark -.-)
00,02dis rocket should just explode
CK|Catnap: it was only a single lamp that caught on fire
i'll search that
killerpony7733: A whole 17 minutes?
Yeah, real late. :p
lol woops..
twilight_sprinkle how did that happen
watching the youtube recording
http://i.imgur.com/If2YL.png
17 minutes ago is soooo 17 minutes ago
CK|Catnap: Still old news by any standrd
I love Lauren even more
Still, it did produce an awesome tweet.
MusicalPony: I don't have a cutie mark either. You can see my OC on my crunchroll account as my avatr
"@Bronycon was a nice place. But everything changed when the fire nation attacked. #bronycon"
When Pyrrhon comes to Bronycon
CK|Catnap lol
Laurenfaust @Fyre_flye
meanwhile, at Burnycon....
FairysHuff: i may not draw it with a CM at first.. im debating.
MusicalPony: I'm a pegasus to! :P
Chrysalis, I osted a picture...
killerpony7733: Awesome! :D
killerpony7733: As am I ^_^
so, we might not see the Ponies: Anthology II
FairysHuff: MusicalPony /) /)
killer /) /)
killerpony7733: MusicalPony (\ (\
valoreins: Oh no, it sounds as if they're setting up.
throw your brohoofs in the air, like you just don't care!
is anyone else listening to everfreeradios pony radio?
MusicalPony: Aye. :)
Dken2021: haha bye
GilDash: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me hugs MusicalPony.
MusicalPony: My OC has everything settled but i just don't have a final cutiemark design
MusicalPony: My, some's excited. :)
Hello everyone!
hai Cobellanez
Cobellanez: Holla! :)
GilDash: im leaving soon :(
MusicalPony: Aww. How come?
killerpony7733: lucky you
/me hugs MusicalPony "seeya"
valoreins: I take it you looked up Aeon Avenger?
inb4 people in everfree chat says "worst con ever"
GilDash: im leaving back to colorado..
MusicalPony: In some way maybe :D
Dken2021: lol i meant to write something else.. idk why i said bye
MusicalPony: Aw, well I hope you have a good time.
MusicalPony oh
valoreins: theyre actually saying best con ever
GilDash: i wont ever see yall again.
Dken2021: sorry :P
yup, bcus i have an android phon
MusicalPony: ... Of course you will. :(
twilight_sprinkle: lolwut
:'(
GilDash: not for a long time :(
valoreins: well its memorable
:D
MusicalPony: Trust me, I've got someone to see a year later on here. I'll be on. :)
I'll be here if I'm alive ^_^
but i dont know when ill ever be on again... all i know is ill never forget a single one of ya.
it's seeping into my brain
This con summary
I BELIEVE IN MAGIC
MusicalPony: wont you have inet in Colorado?
MusicalPony are you going on a trip somewhere?
/me hugs MusicalPony.
twilight_sprinkle: im not allowed.
MusicalPony: You'll get internet one day. :)
Dken2021: going home
GilDash: /me hugs
XD
aw
/me hugs GilDash
MusicalPony: well you cant be away from the internet forever. and if youre going to school/college they should have net there
FRIENDSHIP
twilight_sprinkle: sure, but thats in about 3 years.
well MusicalPony , don't know you that much, but will sure to miss you when you go
I LIKE IT WHEN IMA sniffififiififiififiifninninfinfinfinfifnifn mah balls...
/me sezes
eeeeyup
Dken2021: thanks. ill miss everypony here
ACS13123: What? O_o
MusicalPony: 3 years without internet? you sure? sounds surreal
00,02dhis should explode
twilight_sprinkle: my parents are kinda strict.
00,02no reason this should not explode
FairysHuff: if you dont know it, dont worry, only poeple who get it get it
ACS13123: *Shrugs*
they said 8 months before i could even get my phone back.
MusicalPony: they cant monitor you all the time. make some friends, use thei inet
MusicalPony: Why are your parents so strict? How are you on the internet now?
00,02too late for srs flight
00,02so explosive test then bed
twilight_sprinkle: im afraid to get caught
inb4 it explodes
I had a little internet problem, did something happen since the fire at the con_
GilDash: im at my dads and he doesnt care, so im allowed. but secretly. my mom and her boyfriend are the strict ones.
TO THE MUUUUUUUN
MusicalPony: its already 3 years without internet, cant be much worse. by the point thats over you should be old enough to have a reasonable amount of freedom
oh boy, an argument going about FiMFiction's action
twilight_sprinkle: yeah i guess. tell that to them. i havent had internet since.. well, about 2 years now.
more precisely Poultron
MusicalPony: Ask them why. :(
MusicalPony: id tell it to them gladly.
GilDash: i already know.
twilight_sprinkle: haha well that would be wonderful
MusicalPony: dont you go to school or something?
twilight_sprinkle: yeah i do. why?
MusicalPony: How come?
GilDash: i got in trouble :|
MusicalPony: well dont you need internet for assignments?
GilDash: i get WHY i just think its a bit harsh
00,02Excelent
00,02fuel drains correctly
twilight_sprinkle: well yea, i can use internet then, but im monitored by them every second.
MusicalPony: Trouble for what? What the hell did you do to get banned for 3 years? :O
00,02and everything detatches in the right order
GilDash: ehh id rather not speak of it. its stupid and just embarassing.
did the Writing is Magic Panel continou after the fire?
MusicalPony: was it an accident
Lil_B, it was at the very end
Lil_B: no
twilight_sprinkle: It's rather obvious it may be something embarrasing so best not to ask silly filly
dunno but its definitely not streamed... and maybe we will miss the ponies: anthology II
ok
twilight_sprinkle: kinda i guess. i just got in trouble for stuff i did
Stuff? So it was a collection of things?
If anthology is skipped, at least there's youtube
She doesn't want to talk about it. Leave MusicalPony with her privacy.
Fire is out, BronyCon will continue soon
MusicalPony: hmm well if you learned your lesson you should tell them that
And where there's Youtube, there's Bronystate. Hiya, ponies.
ima making dubstep
twilight_sprinkle: i guess i should.. that would definitely help/
FairysHuff: ty
MusicalPony: i guess you could wait a bit, behave nicely, make sure you yourself have learned the lesson, and then apologize and tell them
I think we found who did it http://i.imgur.com/CG8M6.png
I just realized that this is a remix Twilight's theme
MusicalPony: Anytime
A'ight, I didn't plan on being here long, and I'm going to take off.
twilight_sprinkle: good plan
MusicalPony: yeah well good luck with that, maybe it wont be 3 years after all
hey Kencolt hows your day been
twilight_sprinkle: maybe not. it probably will help even the slightest bit
Dken2021: Oh derpy
ohai Kencolt
Actually no
Not bd at al, alexxm . Just woke from a decent nap-- first good sleep in days.
it was Raincloud
he was pissed they didn't show FiW anel
panel**
good to hear Kencolt
Not ded. Big surprise.
00,02i'ma go to bed soon
Been so darn hot around here it's been almost imposible to sleep.
and the camera's back online
Bronycon stream is on!
where=:
Kencolt: Same luckily i got a air blower of sorts so i can cool off when at my laptop or bed
that song
where have I heard it before
is it in that derpy game?
Phase4: sounds like a plan.
RainBowJack: go to everfree radio
00,02<NightStar[TB]> Ahahahahahahahahaha
00,02<NightStar[TB]> Electric fire at bronycon.
00,02<NightStar[TB]> Entire bloody building evacuated.
00,02<NightStar[TB]> Posting pic in a sec.
00,02<NightStar[TB]> http://db.tt/PRtJF23g
killerpony7733: In my case it's thanking mylucky stars that my new house has excellent AC-- and at that, at peak it's 75 inside (not the most comfortable but livable) when it's 110 outside.
good music
08,01heh, i heard about that
Phase4 we had this entire conversation while you were on KSP
Lol, WinXP in the Background of the convention
08,01inb4 trending hashtag #burnycon
http://everfreeradio.com/?p=5431&utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=fire-disrupts-bronycon
Ummm Phase4 we were talking all about that
Greeting, fellow hotman
kirby=derpy
Right... I suppose I should get off my arse and go buy food for dinner.
00,02CrimsonPhoenix, oh
00,02lol
But soooooooooo lazy ~_~
I was enjoying the Writers Panel, then the Fire Nation attacked.
your head must have been in space or something for you to have missed the last hour of chat
Also faust enjoyed the fire
Tovler: Lol.
the fire nation wouldn't be caught dead at bronycon... it was dragons
and tara signed autographs
Fire nation, outta no where
08,01Tovler: <3
fire nation sure hates us
Also I think I speak for everyone in here when I say this fire was the highlight of the con.
so is the fire still going
nah
shame
it's out, everyone 's coming back in now
alexxm no fire went out awhile ago
staffs getting back into there now
thanks Chrysalis
Lol :D
my internet sucks this morning
The stream keeps dying T_T
....yeah thanks chrysalis
oh god, if that was one light further back
any idea why Barbetos
bye:'( im going to watch videos
tara strong was really good during the entire thing
seeya appledash6
kept everyone calm and got em to leave
00,02i'm cheating right now
:o
00,02re-streaming: http://www.livestream.com/radioeverypony
bye appledash6
Phase4, the resolution is odd
Yeah :D
Phase4 thanks :), now i don't have to pop out the video stream fom everyfree radio
though it's only music so I guess I shouldn't be bothered
00,02CrimsonPhoenix, nothing i can do without restarting stream
Is it in the corner for anyone else?
00,02unless.
Chrysalis: huh? i thought her panel wasnt until 2.5 hours later
Chrysalis: i think you mean Lauren and the other panelists
00,02it should start looking better in a minute
twilight_sprinkle yeah, but she was still there
she reacted way faster than the staff did
read in Heavy's voice : Why stream in tiny box? Engeneer!
Chrysalis: so youre there too then?
twilight_sprinkle watchin the stream
Chrysalis: hm i didnt see her on stream
00,02vhscreencap, y u no resize
could hear her
I know that music >.<
bu were was it from ?
00,02There we go
00,02i thought that'd work
00,02still kinda screwed but meh
00,02allso you get a few minutes of me watching the stream
Hi dudes :)
hai MegaMoonShine
hi MegaMoonShine :)
hey MegaMoonShine hows your day been
aw shit
Smoooozee!!!
Praise lord smooze
Lord Smooze
Phase4: dubstep is fun to make
Dem boob sails
Sails are giant Bra... your argument is weirded out
00,02[wklmjhe]JRP2234, maby thats why theres soo much of it
[wklmjhe]JRP2234, but painfull to hear
what a terrible day to have a con
pokemon
dubstep is talentless, unthoughtfull, careless and an insult to the music industry
valoreins: hmm?
Sorry bout that, technical difficulties and whatnot :$
CrimsonPhoenix how and why?
RaveBrony: castlevania reference
Ooooh, lol
valoreins What is a man?
because you don't need talent, you don't have to think, you don't have to care
Never played castlevania...always wished i had :(
But yeah, I've been fine alexxm
:D
and music is a form of art like every media that needs consideration and decision to decide what fits
What is a pony ? An adorable little pile of friendship!
Does anypony else in here draw??
well, that about does it for me everyone. its time for me to leave.
as well as following a theme
Goodbye everypony.
and a Friendship cannon
ill see you when i can
Bye MusicalPony!
Bye MusicalPony :)
bye MusicalPony , will miss ya
bye
the way all dupstep song have their drop at 0:55 seems purposefully uncreative.
the sound is on
00,02Tovler, the majority of dubstep is uncreative, purposefully or not
Whoa
Ponies anthology 2?
00,02but i think thats true for most things anyway
00,02wait what
00,02wasnt that due for season 3?
Look at link
Still private. ;_;
Tovler well that's just hte UFK thing
^
It'll debut at the con, I expect it'll become public after that.
:o
Clicks link , sees add , sees Chrysalis shirt , is tempted
Phase4 should stream Ponies the anthology 2 now
lol
TrixieBaconMuffin i have 2 on order for when i get to BUCk :P
00,02XAX, i would if it wern't private
D:
ikr
Is anything streaming right now? I can't see
money
Hm. Stupid decieving eqd post. They are probably going to show it on the stream for brony con I bet.
One must have patience, youth. One must have-- dammit, can't hardly wait-- patience.
<3:$6_9:'(:D
1pm? That leaves with enough time to make me a manwich
CrimsonPhoenix sry, my internet just went out, I wanted to say that there people in every genre that just blandly copy others without a second thought to it
It apparently has a running time of 82 minutes :O
O_O
Panels resume at 1:00PM? What are we gonna be doing for the next hour?
stream :)
00,02i dont have any sound either
LilB, do you mean like the op music today that use auto-tune and eird techno?
CrimsonPhoenix good Dubstep is just as hard to make as every other genre and there is work behind good musicians
I am listening to pony music anyways. =P
LilB, give me one good dubstep song
00,02CrimsonPhoenix, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sryqaS07WaU&feature=related
oh streamception
CrimsonPhoenix the problem is, if you don't like the genre, than whats the point in showing you a song that, in my opinion, is good, everyone has different tastes
fire solved: http://i.imgur.com/CG8M6.png
Um, ... Oh hey, Bronycon.
Anyway, Apparently, Anthology II is gonna be long. Like, really long compared to the first.
Omfg :D
Lone_Lycan|AFK: that looks like a dangerous derpiculty...
like avatar long?
YAY!
Well, that explains everytyhing.
Marx: Yeah, I read it had a running time of 82 mins
did a lamp explode?
That is awesome, Lone_Lycan|AFK
brony
That's, like, a freaking movie! :O
hello :P
Dat Fluttershy!
/me goes on UKF to find dubstep
hey CCCP what have you been up to
<3
alexxm: not much :P
I miss the days when music was talently made from real instrument
/me hugs everypony
/me hugs CCCP
RaveBrony: :)
00,02CrimsonPhoenix, drop the real instrument part and i'll agree with you
lali-ho CCCP
Is that...a vuvuzela?
RainBowJack: Not explode as such. it more caught on fire slowly.
00,02creativity should not be limited by tools
hello Dken2021 :3
00,02RaveBrony, i think it is
Lol!!!
Ooooooh noooooo! :O
What do you need that more at a panel!? :D
the anouncer girl sounds bored
*that for
LilB: Ikr? :D
00,02i REALY need sleep
Phase4, it just for me it shows the ammount of effort one has gone to do a piece
lol
Move Staff Man! :[
http://imgur.com/jZPOf
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uRv8gnBMiWM
Night Phase4. im going as well lol
/me hugs Phase4
/me 00,02hugs XAX back
bye Phase4 ;)
and bye XAX ;)
00,02yeah
00,02i need sleep
00,02cant stream this sry
Cya XAX!
all those instant fanart xD
The light fixture has had more airtime than John De Lancie as of now.
goodnigght Phase4 and XAX
lol
Sleep is for the weak, Phase4!
00,02unless
Dat person :D
diddutz fire now has Fanart XD
but ok admitedly I would say that I loved techno before
derpy you silly filly
Heck I still listen to Daft Punk sometimes
LilB: Pyro is very proud :3
night Phase4
That's theschool uniform of Akane Tendo from Ranma 1/2. I am SEVERELY creeped out.
Rofl!!!
diddutz I still believe all of this was on purpose as a Pyro-Update Reference
A picture of Derpy bumping the light fixture
i would love that BOOK bag that guy has
There it is again.
Everyone is taking pictures :D
bless you photo man
equipment is fine , 3 people died ^^
ohai everypony
hai Jim
Hiya Jim!
00,02ok
Omg
hai there Jim :)
00,02i'ma set my computer up to shut itself down
:o
00,02unless ninjad, i'll stream for the next 4 hours
Computer suicide!
brb getting something to dring... I must not dehydrate infront of my PC!
Fire at bronycon?
yup
Welsh_Pony yup, was minor
Welsh_Pony: Yeah, small fire :P
hey Jim
hi Jim
Fire killed itself
actually I do stand on my real instrument part
Fuck!!! my mom saw me on this site again :'(
Firemen are all bronys , they wanted to come !
CCCP: So? lol
It was an electrical fire. If it were a pokemon, it would be a Fire/Electric type.
TrixieBaconMuffin: Yes!!! :$
CCCP how is that a bad thing?
Fire could not handle the power of friendship!
RaveBrony!!! SHES NOT SUPPOSED TO KNOW!!!!!!! :[
CCCP: What!?!? Why not? :D
since electronic sounds can be seperate and be another tool
alexxm: it just is!!!
how come CCCP
RaveBrony i just don't want her to know!!
Normal Convention-odor will return soon!
I just don't think simulated sound are as impressive
O_o
CCCP is a closet brony? o_o
RaveBrony: kind of...
Hey there everypony
hi Obsidian
Oh dang
CCCP tell us when your mum says "I know you like MLP, but please stop hiding it by changin to porn everytime i see it"
I never knew :o
hey Obsidian hows your day been
CrimsonPhoenix and sometimes mixing real and electronic instruments is really interesting
"some of it on the livestream"
pretty much all of it
bye everypony:'(
RaveBrony: i told one of my friends that i watch the show, but they didn't really care
including the cheer when the bulb fell
lol
inb4 the fire becomes a highlight of the livestream
Lil_B: lol
alexxm: Busy, I cant stay for too long though
actually Dken2021 electronic instrument? or Simulated intstrument?
inb4 fire was a Illuminati conspiracy
CCCP: Ah, lol
how come Obsidian
Just heard that PONIES The Anthology 2 is 82 minutes long :O
xD
It's scary how professional that EI is brodcasting this.
CrimsonPhoenix I guess either or
Funny because it's true.
Welsh_Pony: wow
Welsh_Pony: Yep
cause with electronic instrument I think of synth
I Dont Want to hear about a fire!!! i want to hear about PONIES!
Suddenly, two sound clips
Welsh_Pony: That's, like, a freaking movie1 :O
alexxm: my job
I have GOT to go to NY Comic Con....
what is your job Obsidian
HEY EVERYPONY! :)
Welsh_Pony: You are kidding.
double Stream... its so intense
hi Ponies47
Welsh_Pony: You're kidding, right?
hey Ponies47
Those flim flam brothers! :D
ohai Ponies47
hey Ponies47 hows your day been
Ponies47: Holla! :)
while simulated instrument for me is a computer generate sound of an instrument
hey Ponies47 :=)
00,02sleep time, gnight
which is less powerfull and impressive sounding
CrimsonPhoenix you mean samples?
Night Phase4
00,02i'm restreaming http://www.everfreeradio.com/bronycon/ right now
Night Phase4 :)
bye Phase4
and hi GilDash I think I haven't greeted you yet :)
Does anypony have a picture of a Fleur or Fancypants cosplay?? O.o
if that's what it is called than yes
Phase4: is best pony
alexxm: Dishwasher at a country club. Not the best paying job, but still better than nothing
And it's ni8cer t0o watch here too. Thanks, Phase4 .
ok Obsidian
Not sure if 100% true...But saw it on EQD
Needs more fancy cosplay bronies! :[
i have to go everypony
CrimsonPhoenix yea, could agree with you on that
Bye rainbowjack
XD
Omg :D
What The Fu...
and it's that guy
bye RainBowJack
Best story
LOL
Punching fire.
Punch that fire
who is this
Phase4: wouldn't it be much easyer if you just embed the EFR stream, but you can't do you?
Dat fantasy :D
though I don't mind electronic instrument
Thats a REAL fire fighter.
00,02diddutz, i could but meh
XD
dafuq jaxblade lol
like what Daft Punk did before
pop a feel....oh god :D
seems legit
This is the best story ever written.
who is that guy?
this guy :)
chapter 12 of R.Kelly's trapped in the closet?
I would pay for this fanfic.
Alchemist who is he
What the hay? :D
man, he's good at improvising O.o
I have no idea, but I like his enthusiasm :D
^
Dear God, he's cahennling Rainbow Dash on a bad day.
he's perfect
lol
Best hero ever
Hero of BronyCon!!!
e PUNCHED the Fire XD
totally legit
lol hero of bronycon
and I said "You're hired" and the fire disappeared.
he's not the hero bronycon deserved
We have a new hero! Move over Sumerpan! :D
Y u keep repeating yourself? :[
ENOUGH OF THIS FIRE! we need PONIES!
^
but he's the hero bronycon needs
CCCP that's quite a huge event
More cosplay ponies!!!
Bronycon?
GilDash nope, Sumerpan is OUR Hero, this guy is THEIR Hero Xd
it will be drag on
I just got here so now I know what is going on :P
Was that a Derpy cosplay? :D
It is the highlight after all
Hello everypon3
inb4 FireCon
CrimsonPhoenix: no one got hurt, and they said it like 100 times
They lost cosplayers! Oh noes. :o
allo legacyofvrak
Hello legacyofvrak :)
Anthology 2 released?
gonna watch it now
how did they lose cosplayers?
hey legacyofvrak hows your day been
did they burn?
I don't think yet
the fire will now be a staple at following bronycons
I wish I could go to the Bronycon... but it doesnt exist in Argentina :(
Lil_B: I don't want Sumerpan, I want that guy. :D
Jim: Theyre all dead
Oh man, Ponies: The Anthology II is going to be EPIC.
CCCP and meanwhile everyone is taking its place and prepare themself to continue
It's on youtube but it's private atm
I livein NY and i wasnt able to make it!! :'(
alexxm: I recently woke up... so thank you :D
D:
i know
pony parliment?
Anthology II cut to an hour? Guess it's not going to be shown in full.
i must see ponies the antology 2 now......
oh god
fire nation
Pretty much dead on.
Cameraman!!!
fire nation attacked...
Bronystalk
hey, that's MY Fire Nation
everyone want in on the action
glorious
:D
Lol!!!
:d
Spiderman, damnit.
dang spiderman and his threads
lol
i knew Spiderman was behind this! i saw him yesterday!
Spiderman! :d
cool story bro
lawl
Spiderman was behind it? Send in Sumerpan
Such a silly guy :D
spider man ruins everything
On the main stream at Everfree-- that joke passed by 100 times in a minute. As did all the others.
NO NOT THE FIRE NATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ponies47: Because Spiderman is a brony :D
Spiderman does what he wants! :[
I used to be an adventurer like you...
did the interviewers get hijacked?
Nice Guy Fire
legacyofvrak: :P
Ponies47: F**K YOU I DO WHAT I WANT
"The light fixture was burning calmly." lol
Good Guy Fire*
legacyofvrak: :P
good guy fire
Light fixtures always burn calmly, because they're incapable of getting excited.
Small fire happens, and the guys reporting seem to panic more than everyone else.
Well, at least the light fixture wasn't burning nervously. That would have been a disaster.
I vote for calm.
Combust, you say?
dont like her voice
LOL
i remember when i was working at a sonic drive-in and the fryers caught fire...
how fitting name
she stairs in various Souls
i was like... guys... guys.. i think there's a fire over there... guys?
Um... Combust? Too Soon?
Tovler: no, there was a light burning not a lemon
:D
yepyep
Eeeyup
Doctor Who? This is relevant to my interests
yep yep
^
:p
I would agree with Chrysalis
DEROY
:o
DERPY COSPLAY
DERPY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
deroy? lol
Daw Derpy.
I missed it!! :[
Yeah I know
damn tablet pen dropping off my desk!
sounds like a good con
Lone_Lycan|AFK: I missed that up
gtg, brbr cya.
bye Alchemist
XD
bye alexxm
oops
:o
Laughed way harder than I should've at that
stop going on about the fire
I love that guy
Awww :D
:D
wow
Cutie Mark Crusaders Fire Extinguisher! YAY!!!
dawwwww...
fro a small fire, it sure it making alot of news
alexxm: That IS the hot news, after all.
alexxm: Nothing else is happening. :p
make a Pony Version of the Fire
derpu
DERPY!!!!!!!!!!!
DERPY
Goddamn keyboard
And no-one saw what I did there.
ponifying a molten plastic...
CK|Catnap theres one little fire and they don't let it g
derpyru
Dat Derpy :P
DERPY
did I just see somecallmejohnny?
why do I love british accent so much
DERPY AGAIN
Kencolt: You could say that it really turned up the heat.
Twilight Sparkle lost her shit and started a small fire ... seriously Twi learn to controll your temper!
indeed...
Kencolt, it's the highlight of the entire con
lol\
Welp... I got kicked :S
What for?
legacyofvrak: What for?
alexxm: So? As I said, nothing's happening, what are they gonna talk about? :P
TrixieBaconMuffin: Tara was there yesterday, not today. :D
just 6 in 10 messages
Oh, if I could draw-- various people glaring at Twilight at the con, and she's all "What? It wasn't ME."
nice pun Kencolt
Ponies47: For sending more than 7 messages in 10 seconds
Ah
Wow.
legacyofvrak: It happens
yeah
sure, walk in front of them why don't you
There was a blood-drive and we turned it into a bloodbath .....
hey asshole get out of the way
I shall name this guy, Austin Power
Lol :D
lol bronies work fast http://i.imgur.com/oQP3u.jpg http://i.imgur.com/ydtSb.png
/me gets out of the way
i call him gold member...i don't know why...
oh wow, they do work quick
twilight_sprinkle: Lol!! :D
XD
Derpy!
twilight_sprinkle i'm impressed
I should contribute...
The first one is funnier.
nice paperbag
twilight_sprinkle: Godesses, they *are* fast. :D
6_9
Hay guise, I had no idea we were streaming this over here. :P
wait, what was that with germany?
twilight_sprinkle: HA! :D
>Derpy
>hands
nope.avi
allo AgentKalim
Lol!!
Hay AgentKalim :)
>hot
DAT DERPY
dohoho
Fursuits
Oh dat Derpy
yes... "She"...
O_o
He just don't know what went wrong
I don't get fursuits
ALL of them
ew
o_o
Very "hot" cosplay
:S
Considering that ponies don't have actual FIGURES< crossdressing cosplay becomes easier.
Yeah... fursuits BURN!!!!
/me is a bit ahead of yall I think since I'm watching on their site.
draw ponies, by god, he's a madman
Good choices.
My friend has a lynx fursuit, and i melt in that damn thing
Those are the best two.
this guy hasa nice voice
Anyone willing to make a good pony fursuit is worth my respect. Especially during a heatwave.
yeah
sweet
That's DEDICATION.
:o
Wow. Nice.
Octavia name is official?
Yep
I would think so
I'm curious if BroNYcon will be on News and if what they say about it...
Sweet sketch is sweet
Omg!!
So id DJ PON-3 now.
D'awwwww
Octavia is official? RIP, Cello Shots
??
:S
Kencolt: but DJ PON-3 was official since the equestrian girls ad
^
yup
Yeú
Tovler: Like THAT would getpast legal.
yep
I think DJ Pon-3 is a official stage name
Cello shots? really? How did that name even come about.
?
Good man!
That's the right answer.
Barbetos: From a drunk brony. It's the ONLYU answer.
Welsh_Pony, yeah and the magenta eyes are lens contact
12:00 needs to come sooner :\
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuu
Dinky
we gopt 2 Raritys
Perpy
sunno
but oh well, artist :)
Guys, seriously. Stop the talk of VS's eye color. :P
Pinkie? Ahh someone who understands!
Gabus?
They flashing gang signs!!
:p
:o
AgentKalim people still talking about that?
Occasionally, yeah.
John?
Look at bat man right there.
What a douche
Holy frijoles, tis Batman!
dat shameless plug
Lol!!
He's Batman. :P
nanananananananananananan BATMAN!
XD
Batman doesnt give a f--k
hold up cover?
Of course he was waiting around for a reason.
if i was there, i'd probably be doing jumpstyle in the background :V
sorry being 4chanish but the spaghetti is strong with this one
Pinkie, RDE, and FS :D
*RD
Oh, gawd-- he's published a DOJINSHI.
Actual Cosplays!! ty!
CrimsonPhoenix he seems pretty normal to me
Looks like porn.
Why u no zoom!?
Yeah, he's published a doujin. :P
Spiderman!!!!!!
lol a guy posted this on everfree to the batman guy http://i.qkme.me/355eo4.jpg
lol
Spiderman.
Effing spiderman :D
Thats great.
a brony at bronycon? no wai
o.o
NOPE
rina chan?
If I was that guy I would just appear behind random booths and spin.
NOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPENOPE
yay :)
:o
Suddenly VAs
And how the hay do you spell that?
Spiderman really does what he wants.
/me sits on CK|Catnap
Huge brony fan? :o
oh god not the pink girl
the pink destroyer of eardrums
Bronysith: Owwies! ;_;
Fluttershai!
I'm ok with Breefaith
but BUCKLAND
inb4 a ton of people get banned for calling her fat.
Dat Nurse....Redheart is it?
the mic is quiet thankfully
wonder how shy's doing there?
Secret... but fun!
rina~
urgh Rina
Bronypalooza?
Hi all, and let me guess...Bronycon?
Secret butt fun
hai Irish_Pony , and good guess
:P
I kinda wish I'd seen that
I wish I heard the live performance of Discord
O.O
please tell me that it was recorded....
GTFO
run the "gambit" urge to grammar nazi rise
^
SHE CAN'T DO RARITY
AT AL
xD
Hmm?
That guy got in the waaaaay!
how can someone so loud do fluttershy
if some one hasn't recordd the bronypalooza i'm gonna stab a bitch.....lol
^
Except I'm gonna choke a puppy
she did voice for a game iirc
I hear Tara Strong is giving out hugs: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6gos5Ajfk1r6mz7eo4_1280.png
Dat fluttershy voice :$
an official game on the DS iirc
Dken2021, an independant game called Skullgirl
BWAH-HAHAHAHA!
No!! Rarity is unimitatable! :[
Barbetos that was last year
barbetos......what is that white line on her hip?....lawl
CrimsonPhoenix oh didn't know she did that too
Rofl!!
Chrysalis that pic is from this year though.
Dken2021, what other game as she been in?
CrimsonPhoenix I can't remember correctly, it was some niche game onthe DS
independant then
I can't voice act. :(
/me isn't a great actor. :P
I can't either :'(
Rina can act yes but she doesn't have a lot of range like most people claim
-_-
Ugh, .movs >_>
MOV.MOV
DO NOT TALK ABOUT THEM!
.MOV spam
Waaaaaaait, she was in Dynasty Warriors?
Dafuq
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
AgentKalim, a recent one on the DS
I can act...but i can only remix my voice..... not make it sound like specific things :(
not worth playing probably
wow
i dont have ds anyway :p
should be intreasting
She's ALWAYS Pinkie Pie. :P
:o
Aww well aren't you specail =\
"Ponies the Anthology II delayed until 2pm due to fire!" BOOOOO
D:
:O
That guy with Pinkie Pie on his head
Thats just in an hour.
Ain't so bad.
Shock to see it's going to be 82 minutes long
ikr?
I know
you've waited almost over a year! you can wait another hour.
http://i.imgur.com/Yc4nR.jpg
It's LOOOOOOON
G
Barbetos: But I wan it nao ;_;
What is that HAT?
Barbetos: Yeah, except by that time my dad's going to be home and I won't be able to watch it on our hueg TV.
ok this meet-up has been gone for too long now
NO
Where you find that the_real_pony_1604 ?
comment in the fire post on EQD
Lol!!
AgentKalim oh. Wow. Well. Damn. Sucks.
YES
o.o
I didn't even know that Anthology 2 was coming out till now :O That's living in the UK for you. That's gonna make the wait for Season 3 more bearable.
Tara with a bat: Thats my line.
Barbetos: That one's been spinning around the net for an hour.
Move!!!!
Pinkielicious is my favorite licious. :3
So rude
O.O
How about Flutterlicious?
Kencolt I just found out about the fire really. =P
is the stream dead for you guys tooß
the_real_pony_1604 just shows how quickly the fandom works
?
Oh. Well. Sorry.
Lil_B: Refresh
Wooooooooooohoooo! :D
Lol!!
EARS BLEEDING.
LOL
ACS13123 I did, twice :/
Lil_B: You're missing Bronycon :o
oooh VA panel sooon
ACS13123 I know :'(
Lil_B: Refresh teh whole page, could work
You mean the Bronystate stream? I dunno, I'm just on the chat, watching the stream on Everfree.
me too
Meghan McCarthy @MMeghanMcCarthy
@keinzantezuken: @MMeghanMcCarthy who is head writer now -- for s03 -- since Rob left? me
/me sits on Chrysalis
Hmm... what for lunch. Maybe a pseudo beef bowl.
Bronies swarm like Parasprites.
also Buckland did way too many pink flock
yes incite the bronies to swarm
ACS13123 I popped out the Stream for the Everfree Radio and pout it next to the Chat noiw :)
I would have figured Jayson and Wootton would have filled in for Rob Renzetti
Lil_B: Dat works :p
AgentKalim: Maybe the reason the evacuation was so orderly was becausem someone played a polka.
ACS13123 Problem number 2, low internet connection suddenly, constent buffering XD
Interesting, I didn't think of that. But it seems plausible.
I need to leave now. Enjoy the stream everypony!
bye Obsidian :)
Bye Obsidian :)
i want a plushie.... :(
^
:(
^^^
^^^^
I could get help of my bro's wife to make a plushie. :P
Omg!!
bye Obsidian
nah im an art student, if i have the skill i will make a plushie... somehow..
Dawwwww
nice fluttershy plushie
GLucose... Levels... Rising...
So much want for that plushie O_O
Dude has probably made a fortune by now :D
its claimed...
that's kinda neat
FUbber.
get like 5 bros and make make like 10 of them a day and sell them for like 100 a piece.
Damn :D
ooooh nice
+shipping.. SHIPPING!
Omfg :D
Tovler: Yeah, that.
Damn Bronies! You scary! :D
And then he runs off with it
Never to be seen agian
^
^^
There he goes
$85!?! Sheeeeyut, cheap...but still a bit much for My taste
Super sneaky stealth skills
come to think of it i lost my USB drive...
how big is the USB?
Rainbow Dash always flashes in style.
:)
8 gb
The stream keeps 'buffering' for me
not bad
shove a rainbow dash up your usb drive
or is that everfree?
and I say Hey, whats going on? I I saw that nothing is going on and I'll have to restart my PC :/
RaveBrony: Same :(
CLOSER! :[
I can't see it you ass!
hey kids!
LANDWHALE FLUTTER
oh, one sec.
xD
Soooooo much hate right now.
Hello, Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie
I can't believe how much hate I have.
Dear god. did he just rip rainbow Dah's HEAD OFF?
in skype call "Theres a creeper on top of derpy!"
The camera could not contain the Flutter
:O
back! :D
:o
Twi is best pony.
the site is getting flooded right now, it is loading sooooooooooo slow
ohai FlareChaser
ohai.
Hello, FlareChaser
/me Pokes FlareChaser
so, what's going on now?
Lacking a few minutes.
hai FlareChaser
Omg! :D
I wonder if anyone did a cos play as Dan Vs.
back to the fake-background-noise video
XD
That would be AWESOME
Hiya FlareChaser!
:O
/me vomits
dat Rainbow dash
Haaaai :3
inb4 HI FR-ded
oh, their doing the panels next
Still 0 f-cks given by Gummy :D
Hi-
Damn :P
SHE KILLED THE STREAM!!
Then live stream died
WHOA MAN
stream is ded :(
It was too awesome.
/me panics
lol
ded
Floris: Hello
/me hugs RaveBrony
:D
legacyvrak: Hello.
The stream could not handle so much cute! :O
lol
/me hugs FlareChaser
behold the power of pinkie pie
MegaMoonShine: Guess so :P
Calm down people, they're just preparing for the panel.
Derpy... what have you DONE
Need to see John de Lancie. D:
D:
Curse you pinkie!
:D
CURSE YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO-
chicken, chicken.
-OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUU!
Dead.
D:
and suddenly everything works so smoothly
/me Is bored in Michigan. But bronycon is helping him not be so bored :)
Of course, everyone blames Pinkie Pie and not Fluttershy. :P
FlareChaser: Scootaloo ain't dead!
Ponies47: I'm bored *at home* and the same thing. :D
Chiiiiicken!
Scootaloo, Scoot Scootaloo
I miss being the center of attention, so I came here :3
The reason I'm here is because I'm bored and at home GilDash XD
btw, Phase4 is afk and his computer's set the shut down after 4 hours, so if something happens to mips, he won't knoq
:D
GilDash: We haven't done anything but sit inside. :P
FlareChaser: At least I have chicken :leeroyjenkins:
It is funny how that Livestream has more viewers but the one on Everfree radio is a few seconds further :D
I have Scootaloo.
stream is on
/me runs off
Trololol~
POPCORN
http://everfreeradio.com/?page_id=2706
See? Panel is beginning
I'm telling the princess!
woo!
Popcorn questions
http://www.youtube.com/watch?list=FLdByJHCaXrpnlwfzcREaS1A&feature=player_detailpage&v=jx38Q2nEJBk#t=16s
I'm looking at the RD flashdrive. It's pretty cool
valoreins: stream is not on, its live.
Oh, that's Final Draft. :P
:3
Geep
no care was given
no damn was given.
twas a small fire...
The great Burnycon fire.
we survived the fire...
His voice sounds "horse"
it is on, you guys are just behind
dohoho
WOOPWOOPWOOPWOOPWOOPWOOPWOOPWOOP
dat dripping flaming dramam
Dripping Flaming Drama.
dat popcorn.
popcorn
Popcorn :P
Hey guys
poisonous lava that is..
from spark to fizzle *pauses for 10 years wanting applauds*
hai AttackWithHugs
hai Dken2021
Hey AttackWithHugs! :)
Popcorn made with burning plastic?
hi Ponies47
Is this the stream for BronyCon Day 2?
o.o
Dat volume
eeyup
Dat HD XD
/me waves. He told me to.
Sweet. What's up next?
:D
AttackWithHugs: VA panel
twilight_sprinkle: Cools
and there goes all the questions
hi all,how long has this been going?
Master-Derpy: a while now :P
Master-Derpy about an hour
Master-Derpy and hai
ok
Master-Derpy: Except for the fire interrruption.
2000 pplz
:3
hai Master-Derpy
BronyCon fire? What??
IS MAYAONAISE AN INSTURMENT?!
lol
Hi Master-Derpy :)
Pinkie is best Discord.
How to troll a stream? Watch a bulb burn.
Bronysith: No Brony, mayaonaise is not an instrument..
What fire?
AttackWithHugs yup, small fire caused by fluresant light burning the plastic
Dat Bronysith :P
Dken2021: Plastic?
Bronysith: And neither is Mayonaisse.
FairysHuff is Pinie Pie an Instrument?
plastic lining aling the lights
/me yawns
Om: Morning dear. :)
OH. I didn't see it. Is that good?
AttackWithHugs: incident, a lamp overheat incident of some kind it made a re-schedule of a
and the Os are escaping me
hi Om :)
Lil_B: Huh?
Om: *Glomps*
/me Pats Om on the head 'Morning'
FairysHuff sry, i ment FlareChaser XD
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1341161622997.png
Lil_B: oki
e_e woah there
man she is self confident O.o
FlareChaser: Is pony an istrument?
FlareChaser is Pinie Pie an Instrument?
Oh god twilight_sprinkle
So much lag! :[
lolwut
xD
Don't ask me these things! :[
Yeah, im getting some buffer interference D:
CrimsonPhoenix: :D
/me panic
/me greets GilDash Lil_B FairysHuff and Ponies47
FlareChaser: is octavia an instrument?
LOL
yes
Kencolt: Ohh. It's probably going to be on YouTube later.
yes she is, well atleast for me ;)
Geep
owo
valoreins, no
twilight_sprinkle: u wanna pm me the link to the channel where the bingo pic is from?
Yes
so nopony would dance to Flo Rida
FlareChaser: Is Fluttershy an instrument.
/me geeps Sky
FlareChaser and Venyl-Scratch?
is it just me or is everfreeradio.com down?
/me noms
Eeyup
Meep + Gia (Lugia)
diddutz: you mean to the everfree forest stream?
i thin yes
oh no
Is there a mod on? I'd like permission to link a news article I just read on the banking sector law reform.
the noms
nooooo
I use it for HML
Lil_B: No, Dubstep is not music nor a instrument.
Nom Fox
Lol!
twilight_sprinkle: no i mean the 4chan thread
How not to be a bitch too
FlareChaser you are a cruel man :'(
Hello everybody ^^
diddutz: idk where its from, some guy just linked on everfree
Lil_B: are you suuuure? :3
twilight_sprinkle: ah ok
Dubstep is not music.... I totally agree! :$
Om: So... I heard you went to another chat last night?
Well
FlareChaser well... at the moment you are a very creal man... or woman :/
What are we watching?
Big Mac has a song?
I'm only welcome here now.
Really?
Lil_B: Man.
o-o
Yeah!!! <3
;o
HELLS YAH!
YEEEEAH!
Hisky :3~
I like how she was like "Uh... wut?"
Tara's trolling us, waiting for a big entrance.
XD
GilDash: Where did you hear that >_>;
Lol!
Kencolt: Is this day 1 or day 2?
dafaq spike
is the stream down again?
i think fluttershy would be like classic
Day 2.
Okay.
Om: I was stalking you
Omg :D
I'm okay with this.
I knew it
lol
?!?!?!
Om welp seems you are being watched :D
Pyro Spike.
FairysHuff: I'm not all that supprised
killerpony7733: More than I would like
Om: And nor should you be. *Licks lips*
I would love it if Cathy mention Cybersix
I like how they are as far away from the guy as possible
o__e
I'm welcomed here, right? :D
no wait, different voice
^
Om what a day to wake up to?
hiDomino~
^^
is that sweetie belle?
WTS Buffer time?
ohwait
Gundam Doubleo
YES!
Pinkie pie and Fluttershy are different?!
well shit
Dayum
YES
AH SHIT
Oh, these kids don't remember anything...
....
killerpony7733: I've had worse.
Tovler: She has a name. It' Mammy Two Shoe's
WHAT
Cathy is my new favorite VA
*It's
Big Mac has character?
Wut?
Noone remembers ANYTHING. :P
She played Near? O.o
Om Uhuh :D
Except Death Note.
well yeah
HAI CATHY!
haven't heard the dub fro deathnote
And Dragon BALLZ
holy shit she looks like my math teacher
killerpony7733: >_>
Dayum.
D:
Nice
There was fire? -.-
She mention Cybersix
lolwut
it's that one guy
excellent
my life is complete
Lol!
Om you seem to be a target for alot of stuff :P
Lee Tockar!
Finally someone worthwhile. :P
Dat joke
what happened? I didn't see it, its buffering again for Me :(
lol
Nice Spike
AgentKalim: o u
killerpony7733: I warned him...
so wait there was a fire?
killerpony7733: I'm going to try and think that isn't true
I wish I could voice act.... that would be So awesome :(
And to think we all started blaming Derpy right way.
so the building caught fire
/me laughs
GilDash: Hes been a bad boy then?
killerpony7733: Not yet. :)
ohwait, I hope my friends are ok
DashieMusic2 yup, small electrical fire
Mic fail
GilDash: Lucky him i guess
:D
Still mic fail
Nobody was hurt in that fire I believe
O:
wat
:D
My youth
OH GOD
:D
Jim: It was very very small.
HAnds off Om everypony. He's mine.
My youth!
Flashes before me
D:
right in the childhood
My childhood just got moar awesomer!
^
Wow
Phase4: apparenlty i am very good at eletronic music
Mel Blanc: Confound these ponies, they inspire voice actors.
goddamn Mel Blanc
lol, techno music isn't music...
f yea mel blanc
What!?!?!
Om: Don't see your name on him.
And Dan Backslide
FlareChaser, go listen to Daft Punk
I'm 15 and whats a Mel Blank?
FlareChaser, .....wat.
Techno music is BEST music! :[
RaveBrony, I can tell by your name.xD
Tovler every loony toon voice ever
Everybody must know it!
Implying a single genre of music.
June FOray. Rocky the FLying Squirell. Greatest sidekick ever.
LoyalDash: Yeah :D
CrimsonPhoenix: How about, no?
Tovler: It's a type of fluffy towel
FairysHuff: What?
and then all techno fans' jimmies got rustled
Om: What?
LoyalDash: what? :|
FlareChaser, how about you stop inflating your head with false claim
FlareChaser, Oh, nothing much...
oh god
touching
Nope. I can't have children. None of them will know What a Flintstone or a Bugs Bunny is.
^
FairysHuff: e_e what you said...up there
That
LOL
A bit of curious trivia: Mel Blanc HATED carrots with a passion-- was even somewhat allergic. He made the crunching noises by chewing on celery instead.
If my nephew ever doesn't know as basic as that, Imma smack a bitch.
CrimsonPhoenix: how about, its my opinion and I'm sticking with it.
what character does he play?
So...is Rarity like....not at the con?
Om: Oh I was just declaring you to be my personal property and for everypony here to keep their hooves off said property.... Problem? *Innocent look* ^_^
LoyalDash: ...k...:|
Tabitha is always hidden
FairysHuff: Too late. :)
/me has a bad feeling
yeah tabitha never shows up
FairysHuff: You mean "plotperty"
Awwwwwwwww
too bad too
Om: Oh seems GilDash has also claimed you.
No Rarity!?!?
Ms. StGermain is amystery, a shadow, an phantom.
she's going to be at EFNW
/me turns on stream
Barbetos: Yes
*off
FairysHuff: We can share? ;)
Its funny, his real voice is not all the different
GilDash: Guess we have to fight it out over Om
FairysHuff: I'm a lover, not a fighter. ;)
I guess Magic really DOES make it complete. :P
GilDash: Or we can do that
bonjour.
FairysHuff: :)
BawnJOUR
LoyalDash: I'll come back later or something, I just need a break from that stupid room..
Tabitha being at Everfree NorthWest alone will make it better than Bronycon
GilDash: 3 is a party after all
oh stars. Pleas help me....
http://i.imgur.com/tA6Ia.png
FairysHuff: I love "parties". ;)
Om Hahaha what a twist :D
oh god
CHILDHOOD.
killerpony7733: You. Are not helping.
Om: Don't worry. I'll bring the lubricant and GilDash can bring the toys.
Childhood everywhere!
do ALL the voices
ALL of them
.____________.
My mind just melted
Om i am not helping indeed,
wat
Om: ... Well, unexpected, but... :D
uiouoi]
what
So many memories from when TV was good. :(
phase4 what
Make it BALD
oh gosh
Memories from TV without teen popstars
D'awwww: https://twitter.com/KeatingRogers/status/219480044836364288/photo/1
and i've only been up for 10 minutes....
Ponies47: I know.
:O
right in the feels.
02FF
Canadian Pinkie Pie
clap for canada!
teen popstar? what's that?
CrimsonPhoenix: What did i just read?
/me claps for Canada
Om: You'll be up for a lot longer than that I assure you.
Sweet
diddutz, Tabitha St Germain
peopel are clapping for me.
people*
warning: incoming strong
Oh god.
RUN!
STRONG voice actor
The queen has arrived
https://twitter.com/MMeghanMcCarthy/status/219479962158247937/photo/1
:)
FairysHuff: You'd better put yourself up for a long night too. ;)
XD
Dem flowers
GilDash: Always up for it.
What is love?
''My question is for everypo... everybody out there''
Awwwwsome
FairysHuff: Maybe a little later. I'll add you to The List. :)
GilDash, Oh great, another pony onto there.xD
To victory~
makes me want to have my own art studio with brony friends
500 consecutive death sounds.
hayyah
this is very intresting
this is weird.
makes me want to...
to..
be the character
brb, going to get myself a rhubarb yoghurt
Sing?
dance.
party?
to?..
FlareChaser, Ugh....
LoyalDash, ugh..
Rhubarb yogurt? Lololol
Go to your own room LoyalDash.
FlareChaser, I kind of getting annoyed with your dancing.
AgentKalim: Rhubarb is yummy
Going to CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMP
:3
is Rhubarb an instrument?
Heh.
I guess :P
AgentKalim: sounds yummy
valoreins yep
oh dear god >_>
wat
Wooooooooo!
that was cool <_<
Canadian Stereotypes.
D:
wat did she say..
<_>
^_^
yeah what did she say?
hey bronies I was getting my lego batman 2 game! BROHOOF
Japanese Magnet
oh gosh
DA QUEEN
Dat Magnet
dat strong.
BOW
lololol
MY QUEEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lawl
Sutiffu Magunetto
:D!
debbyy
BROHOOF MY LORD
So... who is the king of the bronies then?
The Queen of Bronies
one guy raises his hand.
yay
/me bows down
the brony queen
Woo!
She's Twilightlicious
XD
/me Bows down to the queen
yay~
Army bronies <3
god Tara is awesome
:D
xD
:D
O_o
Hah
:D
She leads our proud Army
lawl
Oh god :D
And Tara usually tapes alone.
2488+
/me breaks into song
Least favorite thing in voice acting
..
and frozen...
Y u freeze, stream?
and suddenly.. froze
WELP
HA
oh yeah, Tara apparently has a company of military bronies escorting her around to day. They're calling themselves the Royal Guard.
500 consecutive deaths
Quick, bring back the fire to thaw it
mines didnt
BUGGER
oh, thought it was my connection this time
dammet
RaveBrony: what is the %?
and everfree radio's panicking
Dafuq just happened
lol
I'm at the livestream page-- it's LS this time.
lol bronystate is far behind O.o
RICK STEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERN
I stand corrected. It's a champagne rhubarb yoghurt, 85p from your local co-op in the UK. Yum
FlareChaser: I cant say.... i probably have about 50+ layers for the background ALONE....and None of them fit.... :'(
diddutz: well, that's to be expected.
http://notharam.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/wpid-1341140473296.jpg?w=640
and stream went offline
FairysHuff: Lovely. :D
wait... bronystate stream is 3 minutes behind livestream?! lol
Holy crap.
FairysHuff first i've heard of this is it good
hai Vacation_Wrek, how's it going?
Vacation_Wrek: Nice
dat Vacation_Wrek! :D
Vacation_Wrek: I never asked, where are you? :o
GilDash: Yuss. And I shall watch some Kikoskia playing x-com while I eat ^_^ yay
just outside Landskrona, sweden
alexxm: It's nice yes.
RaveBrony: thats...too much Layers. lol.
i heard something about sethistos being in season 3, whats that about?
FairysHuff: Not watching bronycon then?
Vacation_Wrek: Awesome. Have fun onver there.
We WERE but...
Hey Vacation_Wrek!
Continue having fun, Vacation_Wrek.
twilight_sprinkle: there's been no anouncement about that as far as I can tell.
FlareChaser: Yes...see what i mean by saying Nothing is Working!?
GilDash: No. I watched some of it yesterday but got bored. >_>
dem stereotypes
moustachu
:D
FairysHuff: Oh, fair enough. I'm enjoying it though. Can't wait for John de Lancie. :)
XD
RaveBrony: *explosion*
lol anyone into the cosplay panel?
GilDash: That one I am looking forward to
Spike got blamed for the fire again
RAWRity: to be honest im not looking forward to it
^
That's because Spike did it
did done it
noname: ninjad
dat noname.
mics derped
I got ninja'd :(
Rabble rabble
Omfg :D
Rabble rabble
FairysHuff: It's been brought forwards an hour because of the lighting incident, just as a heads up.
O_o
Canadian Stereostypes, Candian Stereostypes everywhere.
There it goes.
Oh god
whats a stereostype?
do it in the batrhoom
GilDash: thanks
buffar!
did i just hear someone peed in the studid
D:
D:
alexxm: yes.
NO
Fuuuuuu
which VAs are they?
ans mips reached the freezing
FairysHuff: No worries. You can pay me back later. ;)
twilight_sprinkle: stereotype is some kind of a sound system
uhh
so, half an hour til Anthology 2 eh?
Confound this Stream! It drives me to insanity!
^
Good job Everfree
/me uses all his power to stop the freezing
FlareChaser just making sure i wasn't hearing things
cya'll later guys
the other Everfree stream is noisy as hell
valoreins: i asked about a stereostype, not a stereotype (typo joke)
Bye Jim :)
No no no no no!! :'(
GilDash: with pleasure ^_~
bye Jim
/me Didn't work as expected
Bye Jim
http://www.lolbrary.com/content/576/black-stereo-types-14576.jpg
:D
seeya Jim
Cya Jim!
Bye Jim :)
he's dead jim
TrixieBaconMuffin: XD
D:
FairysHuff: I'll look forwards to it. :)
TrixieBaconMuffin: I lol'd, like legit :D
Of all the things that could happen..
guys go to the secondary livestream everfree they got cosplay photoshoot
black stereotypes makes me want a black Wii U
The..
Whaaat?
THIS.. IS.. THE.. WORST.. POSSIBLE.. THING!
WORST
POSSIBLE
go to the other stream
valoreins: Stereophonics: a type of sound system. Sterotype: a preconcieved opinion or treatment of a group, asuming that they all act in a certain fashion. Sterostypes: isn't a word.
Aaahhhh :[
/me i have failed
/me shouldve gone to BronyCon in person...
/me shutting down..
:s
And I an't spell today. Stereotype.
according to everfree mods: THE HARD-WIRED VENUE-PROVIDED INTERNET CONNECTION TO THE MAIN STAGE HAS DIED. WE ARE WORKING ON GETTING IT RESTORED NOW. PLEASE STANDBY
well their stream is down, but it's still recording the footage
Just hope I ain't missing a second of John De Lancie..
D:
/me panics.
Aww shiiiizz
Floris: Not yet.
Okay!
No one panic!
Has this just started btw?
/me hits the PANIC button!!
yeah im going to watch like the whole bronycon on youtube
GilDash: When?
or has it been on for like 7 hours so far?
/me reboots
Sundaysmile: More than a half hour in.
/me Panics
ah
good
FlareChaser: anyone wanna panic with me?
so im not worried if the steams down
Floris: Uhh... hang on.
Sundaysmile: To THIS panel.
With our power combined...
yeah sure
ah
We will make
This stream
happen!
Hey-- atl least it's not another fire.
/me dances and panics.
Floris: If he's been brought an horu forwards... about a half hour?
D: :D D:
WE WILL PIERCE THE HEAVENS WITH OUR COMBINED PANICKS
WITH YOUR POWER COMBINEDI AM CAPTIAN PLANET!!
Floris: Safest to just put the stream up and watch.
/me combines power while dancin' groovy
Stream!! I command you!! To... REVIVE!!!!
wat
GilDash: Doing that since the panel started :D
guys go to the second livestream
Which second one?
Floris: Fair enough. :D
http://www.livestream.com/everfreemedia2?utm_source=website-channel-page&utm_medium=related
Warning: Alt stream is very loud.
yup
Back up plan
/me pulls a neo and reis the stream
I sacrefieced a Vergin to the Stream but nothing is happening... appearnelt ythe girl lied, I must find another one
Oh, that one..
What are they talking abo9ut there?
MY EARS
/me slowly back away from LilB
ill be honest
I find that stream... Strange.
yup
thankfully i heard a guy complain about loudness o n2nd stream so i lowered volume
GAH! EARS BLEEDING!
Meanwhile, Spike is in danger of being sent TO THE MOON.
Dken2021 WHAT?!
:p
To the moooooooooooooonaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
becase of the fire
having too slow an internet to watch the bronycon stream. and that so many seem to be glued at it. atleast I feel free :P
at the 2nd stream, are they RPing?
Second stream is Poly Parliament, don't care 'bout that as much.
^
*Pony
Poly parliament
ninja'd again :l
Tovler: Yeah pretty much
is anything being shown on the second stream?
Guys....I think I'm having these surge of raw energy exploding wildly from my body
I can't control myself
Yes, it's a typo. Big whoop, wanna fight about it? :P
Its just part of the resurruction Crimson..
someone please watch the main everfree stream if its on okay? :p
I FEEL
the rambling really sounds like a cheap voice tape :/
ALIIIIIIIIVE
Spike is gonna have a horrible hand cramp from all the letters he's about to write.
and I'm back
22 minutes to go. Can't quite fit in a full map of Basara in that time. :/
Time to conquer Equestria
oh my dinner is ready
I can't watch that, I just can't. I'll listen to random mumbling first.
Well, maybe I can if I'm quick.
You can't cpmquer whats already mines
the secondary stream is boring me, I will watch main stream...
nice kick Wrek
Major_Frank he can conquer it from you :/
even thought you're far away
Oh dear
Then i must ready my army
I dont have an army though
lol celestia is being plotted against
is the main everfree stream on?
oh no, my mouse battery is dying D:
valoreins: nope
I have a hulk
ok
The plan to supplant Celestia as the leader of Equestria.
Dken2021, why are you using a wireless mouse
what is the second stream covering?
Lol K
RPing Dken2021
CrimsonPhoenix becasue a trackpad sucks
Dken2021: pony parliament is plotting against celestia
2nd stream, there's a guy in a spike costume? not sure, kind of dropped into it in the middle
What did she ever did wrong?
valoreins really? eh...
Hello everypony! I'm back!
Is it back on???
ohai Dark92Enigma
Major_Frank: she too weak
I have just joined whats going off?
Everybody* *Hides*
hey Dark92Enigma hows your day been
trackpad?
The mumbling is rather intresesting
twilight_sprinkle: pony parliament is best parliament
Intresting*
meanwhile on second stream: someone's arguing the powers of princess celestia
oh
flutterisbest: Are you new to bronystate?
Interesting*
Dken2021, you can use wired mouse with laptop :3
well
alexxm Just fine,.......reunited with my high school classmates
ACS13123: Down with Tyranny and molesting, Down with Celestia!
Yes
ponys are gay
Dark92Enigma how did that go
Hater: yep.
Oh dear
Dken2021: With reason, till now she couldn't win anything without the Elements of Harmony.
I guess that's what we get for being in the cheap seats
flutterisbest, WELCOME WELCOME WELCOME A FINE WELCOME TO YOU
Hater: :'( It's true
oh yay..
WELCOME WELCOME WELCOME I SAY HOW DO YOU DO
We should've bought VIP seats
Hater: So are gay people. Do you hate gay people hater?
Well, welcome to Bronystate, flutterisbest! :)
Hater: oh man, so true..totally..
WELCOME WELCOME WELCOME I SAY HIP HIP HORRAY
CrimsonPhoenix alas, I has none, and other one I have is a bit shakey
WELCOME WELCOME WELCOM TO PONYVILLE TODAYYYY
Stream is live again, but shows black?
WELCOME WELCOME WELCOME TO BRONYSTATE TODAAAAAAAAAAAAY
ponies are really gay just like all you fags
Wait for it....
^
400 viewers have left
Hater: Yes
Worst troll ever.
hi
Hater that's nice to know
oah well
guys. /ignore exists for a reason.
hey flutterisbest welcome to bronystate hope you enjoy it here
Hater: Yo're calling us all fags? sorry but we're human, not cigarettes.
50 years ago, Hater would have said Ponies are for negroes.
Trolls arent even challenging anymore... Come On!! D:
Guys....
Hater is my step brother trolling :|
AttackWithHugs: /ignore him and be done with it.
:)
I'd like to be a siggarette
and the second stream increased in viewer
my, the times have changed
Nightmare Moon - Elements of Harmony .. Discord? Luna and Elements of Harmony. Changelings - Elements of Harmony with the made 6 and herself got pwnd.
would it be a bright idea to post pictures of I?
mane 6*
I JUST noticed theres no mods on :o
ok jk i love ponies
DOWN WITH CELESTIAAAAAAAAAA
Hater: to be a gay pony in equestria is hard, the search for a partner can be very long and challenging because of the leak of male ponies, you shouln't make fun of them
Nice choice of name hater
RaveBrony: Don't say that.
im just joking
Irish_Pony: lol
Twi should be new ruler of Equestria
AttackWithHugs: Oh yeah, sorry o_o
Floris you should take from this changelings > Celestia + harmony + mane6
damn the main stream is still not here...
Theyre always here tho :D
dont worry
All the mods asleep?
Hater: Thats ok. I love penis.
seems like they had this problem at the last con
FairysHuff: :D
FairysHuff: XDD
MODS ARE ASLEEP POST HUMANS
ew humans
^_^
Irish_Pony: how large is that image O.o
Quickly
hahaha funny because I love puss and tits
alexxm Did you see the meme, btw.........Oh yeah, it was great, we talked about how we're doing in college, we talked about fun facts that happened to us, and i ended up doing a stand-up routine
Whos causing the problem?
oh god, the hater is still here?
careful now, no one knows which mods are lurking
Nope he just left
sounds fun Dark92Enigma
aw our pet hater got kicked
Who'd you think? DJMidgetBrony?
I'm sorry guys. Hater was my step brother trolling :|
Meh
I just got up
I thought i defeating him a long time ago..
The FIRST troll today was better :D
and dazed
I hope Everfree has the stream fixed for Anthology II.
This is why I hate him :|
DISCORT
slap him for me Ponies47.
Chrysalis: Right, but if they reached the elements in time they probably would've won.. but they didn't say the changelings were smart ;p
Discord*
I don't want to miss this too.
IT STARTED!
and main is back on
Ponies47: How'd your step brother get on BS?
RaveBrony: Ikr? that was just fun to watch
/me I'm a bad troll-..............
LOL
What? YES!
Aww... I was going to invite Hater over for a super duper ultra gay orgy to! Oh well ~_~
Ponies47: lol
killerpony7733: Ah yes! You were here too! :)
second stream really is nerdy
Ponies47: Youshould feel sorry for him instead. Very weak sauce, that one.
Ask and you shall recieve.
Stream 1 is up they say
Ponies47: Smack a filly! :D
AttackWithHugs: He knows I'm on bronystate.
stream 1 still says down to me
FairysHuff LOLWUT
Im gonna miss the mumbling
Tassadork: its up for me
Ponies47: Please tell me you slapped or pushed him off a chair
go to bronycon they say... no accidents they say
RaveBrony: Very much so, i just sat and laughed at the worse then worst trolling level from them :D
AttackWithHugs: I yelled at him
alexxm Did you see the meme: I GOT A GODDAMN PLAN!
NOO!
Dark92Enigma: Tis a joke. Hater was making homophobic statements so I countered it by offering him gay sex
Froze again!
aaaaaaaaaand ded
yep Dark92Enigma
FairysHuff: Always the best way. :D
well this sucks
killerpony7733: Yeah :D
GilDash: Yup
Ponies47: I'm guessing it's your computer that you're using.
Trolls still use gay as an attack. They need to realize it's the 2010s
Haha! The crash has been doubled!:|
FairysHuff: It's like the pic of that guy protesting against gay rights, and that other guy stood there with a sign saying "Fuck this guy" pointing at him. :D
FairysHuff Oh, now that's a Goddamn plan
stream is up
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/pokmon-genwunner-logic.png
AttackWithHugs: I'm using a laptop he was using my brothers :|
Stream 1 is back up
yum. fresh strawberries brom the backyard. with a light sugar coating with ice cold cream poured over them
Good
GilDash: Dark92Enigma Works everytime.
He left so don't worry :|
my work here is done
only 10 mins left...
/me shutting down
valoreins: more or less
RAWRity: I lol'd
Ponies47: Oh. If you get a chance, block BronyState off your brother's computer
imma make some coffee while waiting
amd more ded
what was gamefreak thinking?
THE STREAM WAS FROZEN TODAY
XD
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/pokmon-ash-will-never-get-with-this1.jpg
Dark92Enigma: Well... at least it's not on fire.
someone turn the lights on to thaw the stream
lol, that new turtle is wearing a SWAT vest
AttackwithHugs: Why even go on Bronystate on your brother´s PC? Why not your own?
up
AttackWithHugs: Or we cant tolerate him to death. And send him mass of pony things
yay stream :3
Om: True
Thanks for telling us now, we haven't noticed...
AttackWithHugs: Send him my way. I'll show him love.
Ponies47: I still think you should have DustyKatt deal with them.
somebody PLEASE upload bronypalooza
down
tara strong is best raver
^
Om you should had seen the ''troll'' attack we had earlier today, it was more funny and a bit sad then annoying :D
FairysHuff: It's Ponies47's step brother lol. You have to get his approval
Ah yes, the "trolls"
oh come on
killerpony7733: Most trolls are sad. The best trolls are the ones you don't know are trolls
these guys dont give enough rage o be trolls
Omg
Where were you when the "trolls" arrived?
This is just a funny story:
there little chihuahas
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/29/wqqFKbW4WkuIoLYxjntOdg2.gif
yappy but oh so cute
I wish they'd change streams.. Most people wanna see the voice actors :p
Please don't tell me the stream crashed again.
Om Indeed those guys simply failed beyond failure
Guys did my song just get ..
RAWRity: That's a good one.
Floris they can't do anything, its the venues internet dying
RAWRity: I like that alot :D
RAWRity lol
stream's down again
My friend is a Brolan; he hates Bronies. And i'm a Brony. And we both have no clue of eachother
Chrysalis: I know, I know.. Q,Q
killerpony7733: Those were just imbecilic blood sacks.
Ah! FlareChaser! I think I had a break through o_o testing something that...just...might...work...
meanwhile on second stream: people arguing the powers of twilight sparkle
Om if you were there you would had laughed your guts out from the hilarity of how bad they were :O!
RaveBrony: k :3
you heard it here: Celestia is making Twilight Wolverine
well we've pretty much missed the VA panel..
killerpony7733: I doubt that, but I'm sure your words have merit.
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/13/tHvw8CCKO0Sd2I8hDXHxYQ2.jpg
raaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaar
Rawrity: Awesome!
Rrr
/me sets people on fire
RAWRity: wow
I hope our power returns soon
RAWrity Carl: TONIGHT!
Are those roars for Twilight?
running low on power?
:p
Power outage
oh
akay
twilight_sprinkle i can't hear the roars
RAWRity: seen it :/
Dark92Enigma: on the 2nd stream
did they seriously compare twilight to wolverine?
ACS13123: congratulations
RAWRity: Thank you ;D
Yes they did
ok
lol dat 2nd stream
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/28/ojAnn2VakEqoM3_Y-40kbg2.png
I know I'm going to hate myself for this but
WHO WANT TO SEE THE MAN BEHIND THIS HATEFULL NAME
twilight_sprinkle Link, please
que?
were is the damn interenet?
Dark92Enigma: http://everfreeradio.com/bronycon/
CrimsonPhoenix: I accept thy challenge
twilight_sprinkle Thank you :)
http://i.imgur.com/01jaX.png BEHOLD, MOI
Dark92Enigma: np
KingQBall they're having technical difficulties atm
CrimsonPhoenix: lol
looks like stream 1 is recovering
OH FINALLY
Huh?
THE RIOCK
ROCK*
HAS COME BACK
CrimsonPhoenix: So sugoi
TO BRONYSTATE
Kawaii desuke
CrimsonPhoenix nice glasses
CrimsonPhoenix: Long hair? you gain 1 interwebs from me :O
Stream is back... kinda... not really
Damn my random caps reference
Shame long hair isnt allowed here..
I WAS FROZEN TODAY
Major_Frank: Say what?
I cant have longer hair then i have now
You see
ouch
Major_Frank: Whys that?
dat illusory magic
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
What are they saying
are you in the military ?
Oh wait
Implying the sun is an illusion
Nigga wat
the sun is a illusion?
I can't listen to that 2nd stream, not because of what they are saying but because the audio is blasting far too much and over modulated
Jigga who
how dare they promote limitation of Twi's magic
She should roast their asses
Glad to be back home with signal strong enough for the streat to run - did I miss anything?
they always gotta put the purple pony down
FUCK THE YOUTUBE ADS! THEY MADE ME THINK THAT THERE WAS A REACTION
Rrrrriiiight, well... that was something.
It's time. :3
Dark92Enigma have you tried adblock
TrixieBaconMuffin I actually was yes :)
twilight_sprinkle I got nothing......are you sure it's the right stream?
We should be seeing Ponies the Anthology 2
Well
Kindoff
what if there's no actual Bronycon, and this is all an elaborate troll by Hasbro?
still curious about the hair issue
alexxm It worked for me before, but not now
/me watches the Ponies anthology 2 while waiting for the pony anthology 2.
All the people who we see who SAY they're at Bronycon is actually just people being paid to do so.
its already 1 AM here, where's the PMVs panel?
Dark92Enigma: 2ND JUST STOPPED
odd Dark92Enigma
There. I blocked bronystate on my brothers computer. So now we don't have to worry about them trolling anymore :)
1:22:01 good lord that's too long
Dark92Enigma: wups caps
RAWRity: Damnit, I wish I could've been in on that
This is it Luigi!-Er Everyone!
RAWrity probably a tribute to Edvard Gil (R.I.P. Trolololo guy)
Anyone have the link to the second stream?
Ponies47: Even so he hadly trolls it's just being a plain idiot really
valoreins PMV Panel got cancelled because of thie fire
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO
Dark92Enigma: actually still streaming but panel is over
...
twilight_sprinkle Damn it
Fire?
killerpony7733: Yeah. But still we don't have to worry about them anymore :)
LilB: isnt the anon artist that got cancelled?
pmvs got rescheduled
Sod it! Gonna play TF2 on the Ponyville server!
Dark92Enigma: there is a switch stream button right of the stream window
Ponies47: Indeed unless he gains a brain and knows how to unblock the site
Will hear when it is back on!
Doesnt matter, VA panel is over and De Lancies panel isnt for another hour or two
I got the most strangest offer
valoreins I think i heard that from the Equestrian News guy, but I (or he) could be wrong
there are some less interesting panels before that but yeah
oh neat, anthology 2 is public now
ok
Dken2021: Link please?
killerpony7733: Nah. He's to much of a moron to realize. I really hate him and my brother so much :|
Ponies: The Anthology II http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ay_1IZGxMaA
whats this Anthology 2 everyon is talking about?
so many 8-bit ponies
twilight_sprinkle you mean ''Switch to IRIS AJAX''
Ponies47: Yeah i guess i'll feel with you there
and cool anamanaguchi
forget the mumbling... must watch anthology 2!
i dont get why people like the antalogy so much, all the author was just post some voices/music over pony vids, not impressive editing
looking at the length of Anthology 2...well we won't have to worry about it getting overplayed on the stream at least.
what?!
it's 80 minutes LONG!
seriously, 1h22m!
Dark92Enigma: no im talking about the 2nd stream on the everfree site, not the chat
Were missing it right now, right?
and something tells me anamanaguchi is gonna be spammed to the moon with ponies
it started at 2?
Ponies47: The thing is, he's rather pathetic at trolling. As in, Scootaloo flies better than he trolls, Sweetie Belle cooks better than he trolls, and Apple Bloom dances better than he trolls. So, not so good.
killerpony7733: Yeah. My brother made him into a hater and now there over doing it. :|
Sweetie Belle cooks better than he trolls
oo, a Monk reference
:D
SERIOUSLY?! I can't watch the Anthology 2 Video in my Country?! DAMN you GEMA!
ITS OUT
Tovler: the detective?
Hi guys, I see you're streaming bronycon.
anthology is up on youtube
twilight_sprinkle: yep
working, not private
Ponies47: Still i hope it helps to know he is more then just bad at it?
hey icybeauti hows yoru day been
GOING@!
hai icybeauti anthology ii is out
pony the anthology just came out!
Tovler: lol that was a good show
LilB what is GEMA
Kencolt: His trolling was bad. But I did block bronystate on my brothers computer so we don'y have to worry any more. :)
hey alexxm and Dken2021 Imma go watch it brb.
RAWRity: inb4 it's played on the stream a billion times
Ponies47: Has he got the smarts to unblock it?
Damn this is a long intro.
They better fix the internet before John de Lancie is up, or imma smack a bitch.
well im going to go die in the fanzone, cyall in an hour or
inb4 a noob tell a mod to stream the anthology
killerpony7733: Yeah I guess so. But now I'm really pissed off at him and my brother :|
alexxm german version of the MIRR
*or so
ok LilB
I'm gonna have lunch... Back in 2 hours
Kencolt: He's a complete dumb(squee). So nope! :)
XD
Ponies47: I sort of susuepcted as much.
...>XD
Good start.
Kencolt: His trolling did suck. I've seen better. Much better.
why havent i see any parents or kids at the bronycon? :p
O_o so much to catch up on...forgot Bronycon was this week
because 18-27 year old demographic?
/me Wishes he could of gone to bronycon :(
oh ya...
....
Oh come one. Everfree, do not let this happen again! I want to watch it live with everyone!
Ponies47: *could've, and yeah me too
Ponies47: there's a Brony Fan Fair in Texas in September
/me is laughing so hard.
Cypresswolf|Pirate: I live in Wisconsin! :d
lol
Ponies47: :) You can make it
The very fact that a stream is even OFFERED is amazing, really. That's NOThow other large cons work.
/me 4glomps ray
twilight_sprinkle Now i got what you meant......wish i've done it SOONER
Dark92Enigma: :d
true dat Kencolt
afk, setting up TOR so i can watch the Anthology Video :/
you know...watching Anthology 2 makes me realize something: Anthology 1 wasn't actually funny at all.
Cypresswolf|Pirate: There's the Canterlot Gardens in Iowa in September. But I can't drive I'm only 14 :/
/me eeps and glomps back :3
anthology... just ... :D
RAWRity: i never thought it was funny at all.
and neither is it good editing
I wouldn't go that far.
My sound cloud got the most awkward comment
1st one at least, idk 2nd
You mean pop culture references aren't funny?
Spoilers are already coming out. Browse with caution.
Ponies47: I know that feel - always either transportation or lack of bits
Tovler: references arent funny by themsleves, its just a reference, i dont get how its funny
It was funny the first time. It becomes a lot less funny after twenty million views.
Tovler: if they just quote someth i dont see how its a joke
Cypresswolf|Pirate: yeah :(
CK|Catnap: i didnt find it funny the first time either
>implying jokes are the only funny things
Sumica bacon
well just quoting isnt funny imo
That's wonderful, and also your opinion. :P
it wasnt even related, just qoute+ponies
Missed out on 2 cons in May & June in Houston & Dallas where brony meetups were held I couldnt go to - saving money to hit the ones in August through October
It's funny because I got the reference and it was barely relevant to ponies
Cypresswolf|Pirate: No bronycon's in Wisconsin what so ever :(
!!!! This is awesome!! I just learned some one made a pony plushie for my gaming community: http://smg.photobucket.com/albums/v301/Psiclone/?action=view&current=1-3.jpg
i personally dont laugh at justquotes, doesnt take any effort
i can make a quote vid in 15 mins
second stream is up i think
2nd stream was never down, yeah
Ponies47: I know a Houston group is working to build a Brony con here, some time next year
That's wonderful, and also your opinion. :P
http://smg.photobucket.com/albums/v301/Psiclone/?action=view&current=2-4.jpg
:p
/me life complete
Who has the link to the second straem
stream*
Ponies47: were talking about trying to get Lauren Faust and the VA's for it eventually
Ha.
hey look Gilbert Gotfried's voice is coming out of Rarity. That's all I need to laugh.
CK|Catnap: well the fact aht it doesnt take much effort isnt really sas much of an opinion
Cypresswolf|Pirate: Nice. We gotta get a bronycon started here in Wisconsin. Ah one will come up sometime (I hope)
at the beach meetup yesterday
That one. XD
i want to go to the Tabitha meetup
gang fight gang fight the gang is out to fight yeah, have you got a chicken for us to eat..
Look, they used Science but as a verb. Odd vocabulary makes me laugh
twilight_spinkle: It is your opinion that Anthology isn't funny. Fine. We know. Now shush and let ponies enjoy it if they like it. :p
Its really up this time guys
The pony anthology video
I know, I've been watching it.
It's pretty good so far.
10 minutes into it myself
Be back in an hour. =P
im gonna watch that tomorrow
me too^
me too.
the be back in hour thing <.<
11 mins into anthology 2. I have smirked once.
err, me too also watching
Hmm... seems like I have som,ething towatch after all. Back laters.
valoreins: you ninjaing son of a:D
:s
I think it's just garbled noise
I'm missing the livestream...
Ugh. Once, okay, but screwing up like this twice in a row? Idk.
some are speaking loud enough to make out a couple words from time to time
/me <<< Wishes he could be there
This is exactly what happened with Friendship is Witchcraft yesterday.
Dear GEMA, I've learned a valuable lesson today. YOU SUCK! Your faithfull hater diddutz~
Though, will say I agree with one thing that I think RAWRity touched on: there are parts of the Anthology that are more like broken bits of a PMV.
I'm waiting for a ZA WARUDO or WRYYYY reference
I got my phones & volume on max at the moment - hope nopony screams O_o
so any idea whats up with the everfree radio thing
CK|Catnap: oh definitely. And it was a bit excessive at 25 mins before. Now, they're longer than some feature length films.
Yeah, that's true. There's some bits in here that have really slowed it down.
I'm sorry but, you can't make "We put MLP clips to various bits of music for 30 seconds" entertaining for 80 minutes.
Suddenly, ears blasted.
someone will have to make ponies the anthology the highlights
lol.
That's fair, the PMV bits aren't really funny....though I'm not sure they're supposed to be funny. PMVs usually aren't....
stream is back <3
stream!
GAH!!!! freaked me out, had the stream still open
Hey look. A Monk reference
Monk reference was awesome.
Its funny, because I saw that show
I still only hear mumbling
^
It's not even about being funny. Making short little PMVs of different songs and throwing them together just...stops doing anything for me past the 10 minute mark.
Tassadork: bronystate is a few minutes behind
bronystate stream is late 3 minutes from the livestream
i had the bronycon stream open not the bronystate
there was a fire?
RaveBrony: pic?
for those experiencing lag
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ay_1IZGxMaA
I think Ponies the Anthology 2 is back on now.
._.
Well that's random.
AgentKalim why yes it is
Saminham: What??
O.o
buck you GEMA! You can't prevent me from watching Ponies Anthology 2!
RaveBrony: chicken :3
stream's up
good.
RAWRity: I s'pose
I think I
RAWRity this is a 1h10min vid
:D
ha,I was ahead of this part on youtube...
a rock...
I think I'd rather watch the community VA's right now
AgentKalim, eeew
TOR make sit possible >: D
I want liveness :'(
"oh hey, we made a short bit where Rainbow Dash does stuff while "Rainbow in the Dark" plays. That wasn't done over a year ago, was it?"
/me loves the Rock references.
WUB
heavy pinkie?
i approve of heavy pinkie
:o
lol
6prince-lemon? o.0
oh wow
dafaq lol
RAWRity: The fandom's too fast. If it exists, pony of it pops up instantly. :P
Hello WallDives
You guys better be watching this. It's hilarious!
hi Om.
ANTHOLOGY 2 IS ON
Actually it's mediocre so far.
Some good references, way too much PMV.
eeeeeeyup
GET ON WITH IT
actually this ones quite long but amusing
HAHA!
Which stream are you guys watching?
the first couple minutes are iffy but it gets much better
....I'd pay for that game.
20 minutes in so far myself
http://www.everfreeradio.com/bronycon/
I'm currently at 20:50
there are 5k people watching this video
it stopped?
and it juust derped on me too...
stream derped again
What happen?
/me is watching on YT. :P
D'aww..
dang it bobby
stream's down again
would comment on anthology ii, but don't want to spoil
that's why master races watch it on youtube
is John de Lancie up yet?
Marx: i guess its an connection issue again
master race... pfft
not till 4pm
This makes me sad :(
Crimson: Kitties ARE master race.
J-John De lancie. :(
yep, back to youtube...
:')
AttackWithHugs: no, de lancie will be up in half an hour
diddutz: Okay
just need to find where the vid is for the stream
oh hey. Trogdor joke.
actually 1 and a half hour
diddutz, won't he be up at 4?
Why's the stream here still derped?
RAWRity: I admit, I snickered at it.
ooh, maybe Phase4's computer went to sleep already
back to secondary stream
was anyone tracking the mane stage in the vid?
CrimsonPhoenix: The shedule from EFR says it's in half an hour
they got Rina-chan there
O.o That's a weird one
yeah diddutz
fire
delay
remember?
hi
the list hasn't been updated
havent seen you in a while
Still no Stream ? I refuse to believe that nothing is going on on the stream
Finally
LilB there still having internet issues due to the venue
Stream.
YAAY :D
it'll shut down soon...
YES
damn adds
PONIES
Chrysalis oh :(
/me sits in Chrysalis
Twilight is best Monk
i LOVE TWI <3
Stream!
So wait is there any other stream?
CrimsonPhoenix: well, yeah but i thought they updated the list
Meh. No PONIES the Anthology || stream so I just watch on Youtube :P
no they haven't
Cause the one phase is on is not working
John will be on at 4
ET
hai everypony
hai Michael
Hai Michael
RainBowJack i suggest adblock
UP AND DOWN
ohai Michael
hi Michael :)
Poninator beat you to that one, Anthology. >_>
hey Michael hows your day been
Wut?
/me hugs Dken2021 AttackWithHugs valoreins LilB alexxm
alexxm: good :)
AND THE MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE
Needs more Nostalgia Critic
is this bronycon?
Michael: Yep
THE ROCK!
CrimsonPhoenix: Then why does the list derp and shows "PMVs and Ponies: The Anthology 2" two times? I thought that came from last minute updateing but meh. Oh you EFR ...
ROCK CUTIE MARK
I MARKED OUT
