That's why I know art even though I'll never use it.
Nittany_Discord: that would cheer her up I think.
that too
otakon: Take this money or I'll kill you! :[
I HATE THAT RULE!
Do art. Art is fun. Also it's meditative.
11,01I'm actually kidding.
13i'll never do processor design or crypto for a living but i like building these
11,01That would be an awful idea.
well said RAWRity
13it's about making this black box in front of me do cool things
Do not speak until spoken to UNLESS your a man that's [Blank] and older.
00,10might want to reword that Nitt
Heads is win, Tails you lose
:D
Sumica: can i rsvp?
I*
I'm sure Shizuka wouldn't mind ;)
Derpy_Hooves: nice man, did she get it?
Isn't that programming in a nutshell?
Sumica: He'll blow ALL the things.
00,10Luna is probably PTFO atm
/me shrugs i unno
PTFO?
Well, nothing has ever made me feel quite like an idiot as those pages do.
Basically: we talk about but we wish to, with little to no regard of what "haters" would say about it, because by trying to actively prove them wrong, we let them control us. To be an individual, one must ultimately follow what they feel is right for them, rather than let the expectations of other sway them into normalcy or purposeful non-conformity.
00,10Passed the fuck out
Sumica: probably but she deserves the rest
11,01I like Shizuka too much to make a bad first impression around her.
Metal Gear Mongol
Sumica: :D
11,01Derpy_Hooves: Did you commission that?
yush
Clearly your teachers have been doing their job wrong.
13http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony/comments/w6gi9/rule_of_funny/c5ardc8
Derpy_Hooves: good for you man, I'm sure she'll love it.
00,10it's like 5am where Luna lives
I'm not in education.
I mean, whoever taught you whenever you were educated ever.
Hello every-night-pon3
yeah, she's asleep
I assume you've had some form of formal education?
It's 5AM where I live.
oh he did not like that
00,10You should leave a message on skype with it for her Derpy_Hooves
KICK HIS ASS
oh god
I have GCSE's. That's as far as I got before I fucked everything up.
11,01I like Alfa_995's work.
Goddammit I want to see this guys balls just smashed with a hammer.
For this...I am FEEEEERED.
00,10you know it's a farly good acter when you hate the guy so much
Sumica: agreed he is a good actor I recognize him
GCSEs?
/me 11,01dusts Sumica. :p
I'm not sure how his name is spelled. Sun Tek O?
13http://i.imgur.com/eadDJ.gif oh look it's me und vivi
my heart.....
Shizuka, I see your pinkie pie, and raise you cabbages: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6t1bznKLZ1rzxofio1_500.jpg :)
Does that mean the kid is also a good actor if I think he's a little douche?
CANNOT BREATHE!
Nittany_Discord: fun fact, alfa is one of the endgame artist
Idk what you call them wherever you're from.
too CUTE
...Dammit Shizu, I think you broke something. Again.
so is wrek
What does that stand for?
well, see you all later. Gotta head to bed. Long day ahead of me tomorrow.
Shizuka, to much cute, heart attack incoming
/me x_x
dat daring escape
/me dead
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka
Ah, never mind.
and caught
BUCK!
The Internet has been kind to me.
/me wants a teddy bear too. :(
Bye errybody
ofc she was caught
cya RAWRity
bye RAWRity take care
13it's the british equivalent of a high school diploma isn't it? or some fairly basic level of lernin
Bye RAWRity. Good luck with that...project...of yours.
bye RAWRity
11,01Night RAWRity
It's secondary school, yeah.
kiss
11,01Kissy Kissy.
How romantic! <3
Think I'm gonna go to bed before I feel the need to rant.
G'night everypony.
Ranting isn't all that bad.
take it easy Meanwhile
HAPPY MIDNIGHT
Ranting can be good for the soul.
11,01No more pretty dress for her.
night Meanwhile
Don't encourage me.
:D
/me 13rants all the time at herself
Hell, the Internet exists partially so you can rant to anonymous people.
night Meanwhile sleep well
damn you lag
god damn it buffering!
damn you
Dovah: same here
X3
cooking rocks?
8,6what about ranting to bnonymous people?
MMMM tasty
HAAAAAPPPPPPY MIIIIDDDDNIIIIGGGHTT
It's a lot easier than ranting to real people, I can tell you.
The Stream hates me
I'll be taking a page out of Shizu's book and keeping this bottled until no one's in the blast radius.
Night.
BUffeR :[
Fair enough. Night, Meanwhile.
Okay. Even I'm getting some buffering.
Nah real people buy you alcohol
00,10I think my net is craping out
People buy you alchohol?
Then you rant more!
It's awesome
use guns?
Sumica: well that sucks
You must have charisma that I lack.
00,10gonna try a restart.
13http://www.demonoid.me/files/details/2844331/5494349/ everypony should read that
It's happend
lol pause
:O
yayness
If I was female it'd take no effort
THE STREAM IS PAUSED!
screenshot this and make a meme xD
HE IS FIXING IT
I am the lovable Prick :) and you shall LOVE ME!!! :[
* twitch*
00,10back in a bit
Hm
SCREENCAP NOW!
But I'm male so I'm pro.
the speed has been zeroed.
Stream not working? EVERYPONY PANIC!!!!!!! :O
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inThCFHe3Wc&feature=related
Shizu, you've really got to stop providing me with reading material. There are only so many hours in the day!
myfaorite part of stream buffer show
13pff
I wonder what kind of internet Sumica has.
13>has over 300 books on her kindle atm
gerbils
buffer circle is best desktop pony
I like sponge bob
I like cupcakes
and ponies?
I like ponies
internet in the vegas area sucks. Badly.
13okay granted 90% of that is a big torrent i found on reddit where only part of it was interesting
:$
I like PIZZA!
X3
and FRIED CHICKEN!
I would know, because I'm from Vegas!
But I love rainbow factory the most! :3 I Like rainbows
and STEAK-EM'S!
and chinese food!
Another one
I have over 600 comics on my iphone
and.. I'm getting hungry now dammit
Yep
Idk how many books
But slot
A lot
brb
But I really should be thanking you. I ought to read more.
I am afeared. xD
Eww steak
D: yuck!
If you cont anthologies as the independent works
i could go for a steak
Unfortunately, several years ago I fell out of the habit for unknown reasons.
:O steak is awesome
Not for me!
steak is best pony
wish i had sum of this now ----> http://fortuneexpress.net/sites/Fortune/images/0000/0831/chinese_food.jpg?1256911304
steak cutie mark
I'm a bit burnt out from books
Rain Cloud is best pony. Never forget...
Edward Is watching me
No, Rain Cloud _was_ best pony.
Rain Cloud is best cloud
rain cloud will never fir in though
I had a fortnight where I read close to 50 novels last month
hen3ry: True true
Now he is best patch of smoke.
He's working with heart and elah
13rain is best rain
i miss rain cloud
stupid heart
i just don't know what went wrong
dry rain is best rain
NEVER LOVED ME!
Get up read, sleep, get up
dry ice is best ice.
Until I ran out of books
/me applauds slowly in awe
rain cloud was the best of ponies, and was never recognised for it
The best I ever did was the sixth Potter book in 24 hours.
And he was so good at delivering mail!
people shall love the lovable and i will rise as the MOST LOVABLE PRICK!!! :[
hmm regular ice cubes for soda? na ill use dry ice cubes
I LIKE PONIES
they never let rain cloud play any pony games.
Petrified_Discord: I know! I even got stuff i wasn't expecting!
Hehe
I've done whole books in 4
Some times 12
If they are long
Buffer is best pony
lol
Maybe becaus rain cloud was a zombie?
I do about 30a4 pages an hour
though my piano has yet to arrive
If I want to
11,01Tornado outbreak is best weather!
Prick: Oh really now? ;)
...wait...people already love me :D
/me calculate
*calculates
it was dropped on twilight owlicious
Zoooooooommmmmmmbbbbiiiiiieeeees
LOVE ME MOAR :[
The first comment on the thing shizu linked: "Thanks, the author is such a MILF"
>Dumorimasoddaa gets kicked
I like zombies.p
does not compute
:p
That's a 120 page book in 4 hours.
I love to be insane! :D
oh. I should really get some more pianos delivered, then
and al will fall on twilight :D
Bah that's nothing, my little sister does better. Although to be fair she's a bit of a precocious child.
all*
A4 silly
/me orders a anvil
I like carrots
Yes, the comment still stands.
Meeeooooowww!
Insane likes everything :P
Humm
I had a cat who loved corn once.
Again, though, my sister is a special case.
No !
I love everything!
Countertop has half a turkey and a bowl of corn? eat corn.
a cat that loved water and hated milk
360 in 12 hours is still impressive though, if only for the level of concentration required.
But nothing can beat gore!
XD
Humm it's faster than that though
Cause I'm doing 360+ pages in 5 hours
I love cats
Cat gore? :O
Or 6
Deffently one sitting
Impressive speed-reading capability.
I hate cat gore!
/me throws a grenade into the chat
So can't be more than 6
SpadeMagnes[R]: Oh shi-
is that Al Gore's grandkid?
I like pony gore!
:(
Gears of War 3
I love pony gore!
13can we not spam please..
the hell
I love to be insane
did I come back to?
best not to ask, otakon
is bonsaykittens still a thing ?
I eat
Socks
now your just forcing it Insane :P
socks require worstershire sauce, otherwise they are nasty.
That's a plesent get all the facts/narrative soild pace
I can speed read much faster and get the core data from factual works
and we're back
...Socks.
SOCKS,
I love socks
00,02suddenly stargate
OMFG I hate Sawed-offs SHotguns in Gears 3
So that was maybe an odd time to come back to this chat.
Yay fire?
Ha ha...
sg-1?
13Insane: please stop spamming...
hmm... finally landed a space shuttle on mun...
distraction!
00,10we are all full on crazy take it some place else
then forgot, only had air breathing engine left after touchdown :/
13i do not want to have to get the pool noodle of banning +5
Kaaaayy
not the noodle
Shizuka: not the pool noodle
NOT THE NOODLE!
10 women :o
Ebay for Mongolians
not the pool noodle, its super effective!
+5? Wasnt it only +3 last time?
00,10woman>shaman
RX-78-SweetieBot: she lvled it up
RX-78-SweetieBot: he upgraded it
I thought is was banhammers. Is a bannoodle a thing now?
Shizuka has been working on her enchanting
i like the buffer timing...
00,10it's like a strange weapon RX-78-SweetieBot
Reikim: Shizuka uses Pool Noodles, I tried to give her the Glove before
and then GUNS
I never heard of pool noodles
guns
La la la la la I'm cleaning the dishes la la la la la!
bye everypony
And I'm still getting lag.
00,10might be mips
Random dancing! YAY!
bye MASF123
lol 5 rounds
Now I have a mental image of Shizu running around beating people to death with a pool noodle. It's both adorable and terrifying.
gun. No formula for gunpowder.
Also, to use a pool noodle as a weapon means shizuka has exotic weapon proficiency.
OnDaCountOfKandarihu: it's a long styrofoam noodle that you swing around in the pool
wow, they are VERY easily amused
13sweetiebot gets it
Oh, that. Okay.
:3
pause?
guns solve everything :D
wow im lagging like crazy
Huh. Now I'm getting more lag than before :/
Well, I think it might be mips too.
HELL.LL.L
L
Shizuka: are you a Fighter? I thought you were more of a Rogue myself...
all this buffer :[
l
mips is worst pony
well bag to bloons :p
he's fixing it
RX-78-SweetieBot: well she is a lvl 200...uh shizu what class were you again?
CALM DOWN
bak*
13blend between rogue and fighter...
HE IS FIXING IT
otakon: She's a Code Warrior
Hands!
13at least in rpgs that tend more towards paper and pencil mechanics, i usually play a rogue that tanks
Shizuka: Ah, going with the dual-class for maximum versatility?
I honestly wish I knew where mips.tv was hosted from so that we could do speedtests.
13since the alternative is to let some AI handle the rogue-ing or tank-ing and they're usually not good at it
/me read one page in 10 minutes
00,10Refresh stream
Tanking is 4 noobs
That's six per hour
I'm bored
Impressive.
Pure damage is where it's at
Hug me
11,01Shizuka, when did you go from using a cane to using a pool noodle?
13dad and i multiplayer-d NWN1 once, he rolled a pretty straightforward kill-every-last-thing-in-the-room guy and i went with the rogue that occasionally drops out of ranged combat to run up and beat you with a sword
Shizuka...depedning on what game it is....im norm in the back shooting sutt
Shizuka: AI is NEVER good for tanking. Look at Alister from Dragon Age Origins. Designated tank, but AI drives him idiotically while my lesser level and equipped main character tank whoops major darkspawn heiney.
and that's why i don't read that much :p
I'm bored
otakon: wat ?
o hai Shamroc
Can all I say is I'm bored?
Alister: not you
/me gives Insane some socks to play with
13daelan red-tiger makes a pretty good tank in NWN1... provided you can keep him alive.. he forgets to heal a lot
:D OMG YAY?
* !
Veemi is better pony
Shizuka: yeah, you'd think STOPPING THE MASSIVE BLOOD LOSS would be important for them.
11,01When did you go from cane to pool noodle?
The worst thing you can do - the ABSOLUTE WORST - is let the AI heal. Absolutely no prioritizing skill.
I can't not read I see letters I read them as soon as I know they are letters
13am not sure..
11,01K.
dat should keep Insane occupied
13pool noodle sounds less threatening
13which makes it more threatening
Is stoned to death being too high
true
Pool noodle is kinkier~
:P
...Oh my god that works and it is terrifying that it does so.
11,01And makes you sound less old.
Lol
11,01I'll stick with my feather duster and exploding.
any lunatic can wield a chainsaw or a machete. Wielding a pool noodle...
13dang fillies still have to get off my lawn though
Nittany_Discord: Not just old people use canes. Classy people have canes, occasionally with swords in them.
goddammit
Youtube CHANGED THEIR LAYOUT AGAIN!
I like skittles
<otakon> goddammit
11,01YT shrank their native font size for some reason.
I miss the old YouTube lay out
Prime Directive.
All them memeories :(
Nittany_Discord: for some reason the video title is UNDER the video now
hen3ry: wrong series
I know, thats why I'm pointing it out :-P
Now I got ruby stuck in my head again DX
13title under video? i do not see that..
I think I'm still getting lag.
AHHHHHHH
everypony must get stoned
00,10Sill laging?
Youtube looks the same to me?
some, yeah
Stone ALL the ponies!
HEN3RY ! THAT'S SCARY!
00,10My ISP must be doing work in the area
D:
that is the longest pause buffer i ever seen
0,5CHANGE
Man! Forget chu!
Most people who read do this.
Forgot my purse
I just felt the chat's relative saturated fat level go up.
13i start skimming when i'm tired..
he's gone already
dammit
Hey i had some griefers on fortresscraft and i kicked some of them out cause i do not trust any griefers at all cause i had a huge grief in my world
Most embarrassing thing is when you read a paragraph, start reading the next, and realize you don't understand it because you never actually read the first.
13that is why you don't host public minecraft servers
dammit Veemi is lagging out more for me than mips was
<otakon> goddammit
13that was about the last quarter of galt's speech for me in atlas shrugged
probably me though tbh
xxMoopyxx: Or you could get anti-grief plugins.
Reikim best part
13i was trying to follow the philosophy but after a while my brain went "come on get the plot moving already"
whats a anti grief?
Is when you read so fast your brain laughs
Lags
watch the language ponies
ofc he cheats
So upto minuets later you know what you read
what does that do?
stab him again
Not so good when your mouth lags behind your brain, or vice-versa.
So handy with text books
Power 0 : Agility 1
And non-fiction
00,10yeah my ISP is doing line work.
Where there aren't annoying strands of context that mess that up
ah
13if you don't know bukkit plugins, you shouldn't be running a minecraft server
KILL HIM
00,10I cant stream with them doing this
What are we watching anyway
You can't hyper read fiction it gets too confusing
11,01That sucks Sumica.
Sumica: that sucks man, but thanks for trying anyway
Wait
Sparrowfeather: Stargate SG-1
good series actually
You guys dont just eat the books and absorb their knowledge?
00,10will probably clear up in a few hours
now it makes sense thanks
This really is
13i would but kindle doesn't seem very tasty
and plus i had some help from my recent player friends that i met in fortresscraft they helped me rebuild it back up cause im trying to keep my world safe from griefers
13also i spent a lot on it... would be a very expensive meal..
Sumica: it happens at times
sup
13just whitelist it
X3
00,10probably gonna swap to cable internet here soon™
I stare at pages until I know their secretes
/me politely informs you that if he stops speaking, unconsciousness is the likely cause
For the greater good!™
Are you on DSL?
Just plug the kindle into the socket in your aural unit and download it
Hey do you guys have fortresscraft?
cablenet is best net
i like my DSL
00,10nah I am useing carrier pidgion internet
Fiber Optics is best internet
omg.. i thought you fed them pigeons better
Anyway guys I have to go
Sumica: well, at least it's better than south african internet
thats a slow way to do it miss
fios isnt everywhere.. sadly
I'm on Cox. It's not great, but it seems to be better than the local alternatives.
I download WIFI from the future.
13US has terribad internet
00,10yeah it's COx or century link here
Vegas internet is worst pony.
Hey when ponies47 comes in can you guys let me know that hes here
Its been fun catching up. Thanks for the advice. See you later :)
Shizuka: I hate verizon
media com to rescue
13century link, aka qwest, aka bell, aka OH GOD WHO ARE WE
night EmmettBrown take care
lo,, in this apt, I am forcede to go with qwest.. stupid service agreement
<otakon> goddammit
Its morning here
hi mlp is for 6 year olds and further saddens me with its unanaymous fad that sprouted from an unrly fanbasse
in otherwise its gay
ya
RX-78-SweetieBot: you're gonna do that from now on aren't you?
soz for you ppl who like a 6 eyar old show
bye hi
otakon: :3
Phase4: almost done with the work? :D
and done
BRB
lol Shizu
I remember when I had DSL. I was supposed to install filters on every phone jack in my house to prevent signal leakage. Apparently I was still getting it. I think there's another phone jack that I never knew about.
Dat kick :D
wow, that was the WORSE troll attempt I have seen IN A WHILE!
00,10Century link>Embarq>ATT>Sprint>ATT
can't even spell "otherwords"
Troll Rating of 0.1
out of 100
so sad our educational ratings have fallen so far
f- troll
00,02XAX, hopefully
13come on come back so i can get the ban..
Troll Rating Sad/10
troll rated 2 less than 0
Shizuka: well,they are getting smarter in that regard at least
so sad we acknowledge crappy trolling.
00,10I sneesed and missed a troll
owlicious: it's funny
Sumica: eeyup
It's just been so long...
It's obvious macs are better than pcs anyway
hes back
poor miss sumica
where?
wait not sure actually
omfg.. hi's spelling as worse than Sumicas
may be a new name
:D
*his
As far as my area is concerned, EPB>Comcast>AT&T
damn, gone
Commodore 64 > All other computers
Hm. Starting to wonder whether playing Bioshock after midnight is a good idea.
who the hell is debug?
lmao
what?
90lbs eh?
I was looking through the users list
and noticed debug is all
/me runs debug.exe
meh
there was someone called lackingfans that joined otakon, i thought it may have been another atempt but they left fast
this stream is a victim of mass modding. and thats awesome
ah
00,10better to go by the hostmask d3rb
The lowest speed my ISP offers is 30 mbps synchronous. How does this compare internationally? Average?
11,01US has internet that costs too much.
1330/30?
^
OnDaCountOfKandarihu: I'm lucky if I get 2.5 mbps
oh yeah
always hostmask unless is actually smart guy
OnDaCountOfKandarihu: and only average .7 up
Well, megabits.
/me hates you.
usernames are useless.
oh, bits
OnDaCountOfKandarihu: you lucky bastard you
wait
6.0 mbs here
is US upload is usually severly restricted compared to DL rates
how much is a megabit?
1312/4 here ish
00,102/20 here
1/8 of a megabyte
GODDAMMIT
otakon: lol
132 down 20 up? o.o
hi
owlicious: so translates to about the same actually
http://derpy.me/CqK24
there he is
00,10revers that Shizuka
no: bye
<otakon> goddammit
hi=no
i'm like 20/4
bi noob
grats on watching a show meant for 6 years old
otakon is the master of kicks
/me waves
and ban in three
two
WOOT!
FIRST
one and GONE!
BAM kick
00,10bye specal ed
boom, headshot!
11,01I got 15/3 at my old apartment for $53.95
Dat ban!
ponibas: :D
Nittany_Discord: that's bullshit
hiya panda-homework how are you doing man?
13i'm pretty sure FiM isn't targeted at 6yo
Well, everyone prefers Cable internet right? Cable was only really meant to transfer data one way. So it's unnatural to have synchronous internet like that.
1312 maybe
NOSCOPE= WIN
/me cheers Shizuka
11,01I could go to some places in Europe and get twice that for the same price.
Shizuka: 6 year old's could barely understand what's going on.
00,10tv Y so yeah Shizuka
13$75+ here for 12/4
the toys say 3+. Should we check transcripts for reading level?
11,01I think the UK may have it worse.
Nittany_Discord: it's called US bullshit
13well yeah tv y
ratings != target
i am paying less for 20/4 then i was 12/3
honestly, I'd rather have internet than cable at this point
13but the general structure of the show is more towards the upper range of childhood
@ 60/mo
at least not always
otakon im doing well, just homework and doing some drawings. How are you my good buddy ^-^
But US has best bullshit :(
Shizuka: 10 and up eh?
Im back
13more or less ja
wb xxMoopyxx you missed the silly troll
13not into the action range of teenagers
what happend
13depending on the ep
xxMoopyxx: "grats on watching a show meant for 6yrsolds"
and BANNED
hahahahahahahahaha
Stargate is meant for 6 year olds? *gasp*
xxMoopyxx: Banhoof brought down HARD
13do i have to do the paperwork on that... do not think he will be back...
hen3ry: :) you kidder you.
xD
xxMoopyxx you missed 2 trolls
11,01The US create the idea of the internet, yet we pay high rates for it.
^
well its paused my screen here
13afaik it's mostly ma bell's fault
Shizuka: he won't be, it was very half assed. Hell it was quarter assed really
00,10hen3ry you are asuming they even realise there is a video
those "Trolls" dissapoint me
xxMoopyxx: stream is over atm
I assume nothing, I merely mock all
13breaking up ma bell left us with local carriers with exclusive control over the pipes
I kind of understand why our speeds aren't up to an international standard. Most users don't really need tremendously fast speeds like what Japan or Korea gets. Even though otakon clearly doesn't have enough bandwidth, I have as much as most people would need, maybe more.
00,10bst to do it any ways Shizuka.
11,01That might be the problem.
so its at atm now huh?
00,10saves me having to dig up logs
OnDaCountOfKandarihu: because our infrastructure is the oldest
11,01Low competition = high prices.
OnDaCountOfKandarihu: once again you lucky bastard, I'm on Verizon
11,01With only two carriers in State College, prices will be high.
Nittany_Discord imagine no competition O_O
Nittany_Discord: you'd think consumers would be fed up with this bullshit
11,01I don't know if there are more carriers in other countries.
I'm on my ISPs minimum level. They also offer 50mbps, 100mbps and 1000mbps, iirc
11,01US consumers are weak.
2 carriers is basically no competition.
panda-homework: that's known as a monopoly and US is friggin OBESSESSED with making them
11,01Plus, the internet is a big necessity.
00,10yeah you have choice of DSL or Cable
Monopolies are BAD
do you think i should back out and unpause the thing or what?
otakon oh i know this too well....
It's always a good idea
bad unreliable service, or unreliable bad service. Same price.
11,01The US has laws against monopolies that can be helped.
13i'm on the wrong side of the freeway for DSL so it's comcast, satellite, or dialup..
xxMoopyxx: Sumica is not streaming for now, his net is borking
I miss my college internet. Streaming 2 1080p movies wirelessly may seem superfluous until you actually DO it. Then you can't stop :(
Dailup still exists?????
11,01Yep.
Oh crap thats not good
On top of that, it's not a major ISP, so they're not even part of that Copyright Alerts program. Meaning I won't get throttled for copyright infringement.
You've not played a game enough till your ingame parinoia leaks in to RL
11,01Some places can only get dial-up.
What! Where?
SuperBrony64: you turning on your wii yet?
00,10I had a place I love in in "city of indistry" CA that was so bad you could not even get 56.6
13Nittany_Discord: well we have the antitrust laws, but in 90% of cases where you have one operator in the area, it's the city/county/state that said "only this provider can operate here"
Petrified_Discord: I'd be happy with ONE 720p movie in the amount of time it takes to watch it.
otakon: lol
11,01It's called natural monopoly.
13so literally no other company can come in and lay line
Industry. shudder.
Petrified_Discord: hell, I'd be happy with a 480p movie
hows is he going to get his stream working again?
11,01If it's hard to get another carrier there.
xxMoopyxx: he's not, he's done for now, no stream atm is all there is to it.
Franchise laws, right?
11,01And that Shizuka.
13couldn't get into bioshock..
11,01Sucks.
13yup
11,01And low competition = high prices.
Dag nab it
I loved it
00,10xxMoopyxx I wait till my ISP is done working on the lines in the area
Years ago...
Nittany_Discord: that it does
X3
13it gets extra silly when you have a case like whatever town it was south of me in MN that wanted to lay municipal fiber lines
oh cool
13and the telco whined and sued
19.99 for 50mbps
Here otakon, enjoy this picture of a movie XD http://derpy.me/bmQyK
well stream it
\o/
11,01MakerDusk: Not a US carrier?
I liked both Bioshocks. I should replay one sometime soon....
GODDAMMIT I SO WANT TO SEE THE AVENGERS!
/me is proud to be canadian
<otakon> goddammit
but I don't want to pirate it
11,01I really wish I could move out of the US.
13afaik canada has stupid low bandwidth limits though
Nittany_Discord: same here, TO CANADA!
13from what i hear it's Rogers or bust
I've got unlimited
where the woman are like the men!
Shizuka in the UK nearly all the lines are owned by the same compony
11,01Expensive internet that is monitored for the copyright monopoly.
university internet is okay
brawny and they drink maple syrup and wrestle BEARS
so i guess the stream is all broken right now?
otakon: you mean russia, right?
I've been hearing scary things about Canada's internet. Something about strict bandwidth metering.
otakon not reeally a good thing >.> i like my women.... women like
But it rents them to its competitors and they often out provide it
00,10ok you want a stream go ahead and hit refresh for one ^_^
xxMoopyxx: not broken, OFF what part of OFF do you lnot understand?
11,01Best go to Denmark.
Cause idk
11,01Or somewhere else.
Sumica: oh God
Jeeze sorry bro
Way the systems built
yay my favorite ep
Rain cloud!
2 was …
Sumica: You...lol
oh it's Derpiculties
11,01Before the copyright monopoly destroys the internet for the US.
What, owlicious?
DERPICULTIES
TECHNICAL DERPICULTIES!
13oh look my derpy video
Derpy doesn't know how to gravity.
get out of the hot water man and go take a dip in the cool water in the pool
Shizuka: one of your wonderful videos
11,01You should finish your intermission video.
13not so wonderful i could do better
Petrified_Discord: gravity is her servant, like Pinkie
Shizuka: well it's still nice
13i'm still hiding from vegas though...
00,10Would love to see that one finished
Shizuka: you can do EET!
I dont get the hate for 2. The story wasnt as good as 1 I'll agree, and it didnt have the impact of going to the underwater city the first time, but still fun.
Nittany_Discord, the pirate community is so tenacious, I honestly can't see the copyright monopolies ever winning out in the end.
00,10I wonder if I could embed a playlist
oh, it's a youtube video
13award show scared me off video editing for a while
Guys, camaderie is Supernatural is better than any abridged
13you can embed a playlist yes but it won't sync for everyone
11,01Not just pirates. People that are getting shafted.
00,10ahhh
it's just a shame it uploads very slowly
11,01Turning to piracy or at least backing them.
13if anyone out there knows how to get an iframe for synchtube, let us know
11,01I'm pretty much a pirate party member though I don't actively pirate.
00,10geting urges to go play simcity 4
I prefer the Surprise Party, myself, but I can respect the Pirates.
13speaking of jon st jon, i hear he's doing voices in dota 2?
00,10I would totaly upload tons to a sync tube if we could figure out how to embed in here
11,01It's only because I agree with their stance on copyright law reform and stopping corporations from being able to write stupid laws like SOPA that do no real good to society.
I got around 120 GIG of bandwith
and I'm in canada
i hope the next sim city doesdnt suck
Nittany_Discord: but they're losing Quadrillions of dollars!
in my imagination derpy's eyes are making the bass sound
13d3rb: the details that are coming out aren't pretty
13sounds like sim city societies part 2
sigh
d3rb, it's EA
11,01They're making more than losing, and piracy figures aren't even accurate.
fuck
and the DLC from it is extremely predictable
oh ffs, that games SUUUCKED though.....BETRAYEL
Is this a new video that Shizuka did? The music adds in a nice sense of tension. Representing the feelings of distressed viewers losing patience for the video to start as the hard-working mods get things worked out behind the scenes.
13sounds like singleplayer is nonexistent, requires origin, MASSIVE DLC at launch
11,01The next Sim City already has bad DRM.
13OnDaCountOfKandarihu: new no, been up for a few months now
oh yeah bad DRM
11,01EA's going to ruin the game with their shit business practices again.
Still fun
11,01Like they did to ME3.
I see.
13uploaded jan 2
11,01EA's fucking nuts.
EA please go bankrupt
But Bioshock 1 was mostly story
13oh wow i did this before even being abducted onto the bs2.0 project
Is the stream on?
better just pirate SimsCity 2000 and play that instead
Setting impact was less underwater
11,01Too fucking corporate to run a decent gaming publishing house.
ill stick with sim city 4
Simcity 4 is fine
11,02What's a good dare to ask someone? O.O
13sc4 was good
And more 1950's biotech crazyness
EA in a Nutshell is HILARIOUS
SuperBrony64: wear a pony maid outfit
you need more context, SB64
rush hour expansion pack....awww yeah
11,01Wanting to charge people to reload their weapons in an FPS.
SuperBrony64, Dare them to drink hot sauce
13EA is tanking hard
Nittany_Discord: wait what?
DERPY
no really, what?
dare them to drink hot sauce and vodka?
13Activision is the only one of the big four that's still vaguely growing
Nittany_Discord: what game?
derpy looks like rainbow dash just different colours and eyes
hi everypony. :
11,01I offered to wear a maid outfit, but no-one paid the money to make it happen.
11,01otakon: Dunno. They wanted to do it in a BF game.
i got 4 buts?
Nittany_Discord: I has no monez...
EA is tanking hard o_o
hey TheRareP0N3
bits**
11,01But the CEO of EA did talk about it.
Shizuka: Activison is horrible. ._.
13ikr
Also, you got to use a drill. this pleased me to no end.
13it's probably only because of WoW and CoD they're still floating
11,01Activision is growing because of CoD.
Shizuka: They shut down alteriwnet because of fucking mw3
what problems are we having?
i miss Interplay
We're derping
THAT'S THE PROBLEM
Nittany_Discord: wait, REALLY? you are SHITTING me, they wanted people to actually pay to be able to reload their weapons? THE FUCK!
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: I miss Black Isle
11,01Yep.
11,01Game companies are crazy.
I literally don't remember the last game before Kerbal that I bought. And I'm one of the rare ones that hasn't pirated a single game this century, I think.
otakon: they're Obsidian Entertainment now
Nittany_Discord: that is the downright stupidest fucking money grab I have ever heard of
Derpy problems. They let Derpy run the stream
00,10So did you all make sure to check your computeres for that malware before the fbi shuts down the backup DNS this monday?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: and InExile
13note to future shizu... soon as things cool down enough to mess with FMLE/scrcap, find out of BG Tutu would sttream well
Sumica: wait, what?
I only play MW2 to hack it. :D
pardon?
nope.
13i haven't heard anything of this supposed monday malware
11,01AlterIWnet got shut down?
Sumica, I'm in canada so...
how does one reset dns servers anyway
Yeah
It's been down for a while
But
okay, that is utter bullshit
00,10it started in Canada
13one doesn't
Companies should value people's business, not their money. A company in any industry that can't treat their customers right doesn't deserve to be big.
Fourdeltaone is back up. :D
google it
there was some old malware that changed your DNS server, so the hackers would have control over it... when the FBI knocked it out, they put up a duplicate DNS server so those people wouldn't lose the 'net.
i mean the dns server your computer uses
13of the 13 root nameservers i think eleven are anycasted, which means they don't exist in one place
whats an alteriw net?
13ohhhhhhh was that the conficker fallout?
alternet
I know about that. I already tewsted for that DNS virus- and am clean. Lucky me.
13or one of the other big worms
00,10back in 2011 som group set up some Redirect malware and a bunch of DNS that used it
well I'm fine
11,01It's a dedicated server mod for MW2.
my computer is less than a year old
not only that
I read about that DNS changer thing.
11,01So you could have dedicated servers in MW2.
Sumica: any idea what I should look for though?
11,01Because the base game used matchmaking lobbies.
bc I do NOT want to lose my net
13considering most people are going to be getting their DNS settings from their provider's DHCP, i doubt there's anything you have to do
But Google would tell me if I have the malware on any website they own, right?
Nittany_Discord: It's back up, google fourdeltaone. :P you might need to get skidrow and put the files in there if it's down. if you have it on steam, just place the updater in the files and click it
13if it's a case of the FBI stopping service to a DNS server, the ISP should pick it up
i remember that Nittany_Discord, one of the things i hated about mw2
wish I'd known about it before tho. The most common 'net outage I get on Cox in Vegas is DNS server fail.
Sumica: what are you talkin bout?
http://www.examiner.com/article/internet-malware-shutdown-monday-check-computer-online-advises-fbi
Having a backup DNS wouldn't be bad.
My firefox is acting wonky
13i think i tried a couple times switching our house to google's dns but the router didn't like it much
13preferred to get everything from DHCP or nothing at all
okay apparently I'm fine
ayou can find out if you are infected by going to http://www.dns-ok.us/
This is one wierd ordeal. Hats off to the FBI for this.
00,10http://www.dns-ok.us/
yeah that
At least in the US... it's the FBI scan site.
> see shotgun in middle of big empty space
well I'm okay
yay! one less thing to worry about
11,01IMHO, I don't think IW cares about the PC community. I remember the logs where they revealed that they were not putting dedicated servers in. They were boasting graphics options in the PC port like it was something special.
it's not so much a scan site, I think... the FBI owns the "infected" DNS, so it can redirect infected users to a different "dns-ok.us" than everyone else gets.
X3
Alright. I'm getting green from that. I'm clean
It's like when the music kicks in
00,10Shamroc, basickly some guys that ran many many paybyclick services
11,01"The PC port has adjustable graphics! So awesome!"
You know shuts gonna go down
11,01Not verbatim.
I'm getting a russian mail order bride advertisement from that. Is that good?
stupid consoles
00,10Set up some fake DNS, and malware that changes the way your PC conects to the DNS
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_DQ2J-0a-o&feature=g-u-u
owlicious: ooooh, order me one, my last one went bad in the fri.... nevermind
So whats going on?
Ine must applaud the FBI for this action.
00,10after stoping the group the FBI took over said DNS and matained them for the last year to give people time to fix the issue
hen3ry: the mail order husband should be arriving a business day later with the mail order priest
...
00,10mareorder bride =p
curse you, owlicious. :D
its not me, derpy looks just like rainbow dash, its just the colours that changed
E%THarthq$^hyjwjtytywjtyjtyjwtjty
wha?
of course, i'm using derpy mail, so i might need to get redundant boxes
00,10that's some nice face typeing
11,01Ban?
Well Derpy was just a random background pony at first, of course she was just a RD recolor
13waffleface still isn't in style
Derpy is just a daring do recolor
wha?! D:
00,10what about qwertyui head Shizuka?
Did anyones Firefox act weird just recently?
and strangely, the CMC were hanging out before the episode where they met
I use Chrome these days, so.. no?
Derpy_Hooves: sorry, but even you have to admit it
It would not load for me
I've been hearing about people's Firefoxes acting wierd for weeks now.
wha?
it kept freezing
11,01Also, this is the first time I've heard about this malware.
13i bit the bullet and switched to chrome, firefox was starting to feel the bloat
/me is confused
owlicious: ya i saw that too
00,10yeah same here Nitt
Nittany_Discord: What malaware?
13yeah this monday thing i haven't heard anything about, not even from the tech reddits
Shizuka: So good idea then?
00,10I just heard about it on the news last night
Nittany_Discord: I only heard about it today when checking the WoW forums. Lucky I was not infected...
shizu...a bad thing about my browsers....firefox is the only one which seems to correctly run the stream and chat...
WHAT VIRUS
GOD DAMN
13there's still some things i'm not happy about, like flooding my process list with itself for the sandboxing
What is this virus?
Okay. Mine freezes up every few times. I blame Flash. It seems to be more stable than before, but hardly perfectly stable
Shizuka mostly as they where all over it last year and early this
11,01I like Firefox for chatzilla.
13speaking of news
I like chrome because it seems faster
oh. The FBI set up DNS servers which 200000 people are using to locate sites for mail, banking, etc. They're shutting it down soon, though.
and I have themes...
13apparently some CNN person did an article/video on bronies?
Nice Technical Derpiculties screen, by the way.
13seems to have been received well
11,01I wouldn't know Shizuka.
Hang on im going to back out and in to get the thing oing on my screen again hang on
Can someone explain what this virus is?
So i can avoid it?
Shizuka: and the person who was hosting is a brony
13you probably don't have to do anything
11,01Could check EqD.
11,01Maybe tomorrow. I'm tired.
SuperBrony64: let's get this show on the road!
Shizuka: SHe has her own OC pony now. With her show's logo as a cutie mark.
SuperBrony64: let's get this show on the road!
just let me try
SuperBrony64: let's get this show on the road!
SpadeMagnes[R]: go to the site to check, it's malware
34?
13like i said most people get DNS from their ISP's DHCP these days (yes so many acronyms, google them)
What?
http://derpy.me/uUVJq
13meaning it'll automatically update if anything needed to be changed
Um, the virus is no longer in the wild, right?
11,01Let's get this MakerDusk on the road!
i knew this was coming, i heard months ago that the FBI was going to shut down internet for a day to get rid of a spreading virus
lol
13probably a lot of sensationalism around
/me throws a boulder into the chat
er... the FBI doesn't have an internet kill switch.
Nittany_Discord: but you know I'm kick proof :p
apparetnly Homestuck spawned an anime
*Moopy has rejoined chat* hello
OK. CrimsonPhoenix , that suggests that there are still people who are at 56K?!?
13it would be unimaginably hard to kill DNS
MakerDusk...what break the stream this time? whats wrong with you man...
I once saw a workplace which had mlp and care bear toys on people's desks.
13also
heh? It's just an article
Justin beiber cutouts were used to scare people for fun
13i am surprised no one has burst out in rage at the derpy video i made here...
The ponies were g3
hey are you guys seeing this on screen
hen3ry: well there gonna do it someway to get rid of the virus
13inb4 "why"
Shizuka: and im glad
yhw
so much derpy spam ; A;
11,01But your Derpy video is awesome!
So, how do you switch your plasmids around?
Shizuka: it's a great improvement.
it is
13there is a very good reason you should all be raging hard now though...
Shizuka: is it the NEW DITSY?
superretroworld: they're going to shut down one DNS server, affecting only people who were infected by that virus
Por qua?
I guess you have to do it at a specific place?
the walking derpy has straight eyes
Go on.
but do you guys see what it says on the screen?
13a cookie to the silly filly that spots it
/me gets cleaver
the rest of the internet will be fine
the video is just pure normal, i like it
it's a youtube loop?
13actually there's two major problems but i'm only cookie-ing for the big one
the cutie mark is wrong?
hen3ry: oh i thought it was the internet
the hair is wrong?
the cutie mark color?
the tail?
13nope nope and nope
cutie mark is stars
her hair and tail have a different colour?
00,02Shizuka, on the derpiculty thing
00,02?
13yup, there's two major problems
So how can I tell if I have this virus?
asking us to stretch?
11,01Grammar is one.
13but i am only giving a cookie for one of them
11,01Capitalize.
13the one that would cause the most rage
00,02the upside down derpy has a dark blue cutie mark instead of the light grey
13pff grammar it's a stylistic thing
straight eyes?
oh oh oh Shizuka...can i has cookie?
00,02and the walking one looks like a reskin of rainbow dash
Well it says bronystate we are currently experiencing technnical difficulties
11,01"We are currently experiencing technical difficulties."
13i would lowercase "bronystate" if we branded that way
00,02Nittany_Discord, lol, true
13you two are close
13but why is that rage inducing
/me shrugs
oh mai
lolololololollolol
00,02Shizuka, walking one isnt walleyed?
Shizuka: it doesn't have enough derpy
00,02^
13i am probably in the wrong crowd here... reddit would see it before i finished the post
but reddit is stupid
Oh snap, just refreshed! I LOVE this "technical difficulties" screen!! Dont fix the stream :then :$
are you guys still seeing it on screen here?
it doesn't look like comic sans, though
Well, Derpy isn't even walleyed all the time.
and 4chan is the one that rage the most
13owlicious sees it~
/me 13gives owlicious a cookie~
00,02no muffins?
00,02XD
13comic sans
OnDaCountOfKandarihu: AHe's not so in the show either.
oh. That was it?
/me flips a table
SO MUCH COLOUR TO THE CHAT.
11,01So what.
who cares
hey ponies47 you here man
Whats so rage inducing about comic sans?
/me flips out
I have forgotten my hatred of that font
00,02lolfonts
13i wanted to use mead bold for it but comic sans felt more properly derpy to me
it's readable, that's all that matters
comic sans...
13come to think of it
11,01Who cares about Comic Sans?
oh wow I forgot about that
Woot? Tech Diffs?
13"BronyState" should be in Papyrus
00,02XD
:D
13but that would be too obvious
11,01It should be in Curlz MT.
comic sans killed my dogs and stole my car
00,02i dont get the comic sans rage
13ok what's the other issue in the video
Nittany_Discord: No, wingdings
00,02^
11,01Or Celestia (The MLP font).
00,10Font rage is shortbus specal
11,01Lol SpadeMagnes[R]
00,02entire thing should be in windings
Oh is the stream whats being discussed atm? :o
what? its a youtube video?
Which is preferable to killing your car and stealing your dogs.
RaveBrony, eeyup
Ah :)
13a muffin to the silly filly who spots the other issue with this video
ok i think i should back out and come back in i think
Yup
Shizuka: theres only 1 derpy
Hmm
im ok with this technical difficulty video
dunno the shadow on her wing ?
What is so rage inducing about conic sans?
okay, so it isn't the new derpy, the wrong cutie mark, or the different tail colour, or the gravity
00,02Shizuka, the lack of muffins?
00,02no scrunchy face?
13every hint i can think of would give it away..
hang on a minute here
NO MUFFINS?
I tried looking for a problem with the walk cycle. I noticed none so far.
Shizuka: JUST TELL US!
straight eyes?
:o
Shizuka: the cutie mark is blue
13it was an issue i couldn't solve in vegas, was introduced in the render process and i don't know how
We isnt capitalised?
derpys eyes must hurt by now
13actually that walk cycle i spent a good half hour tweaking to be perfect
ok it says the same thing
Derpys hair isnt falling even tho shes upside down? O.o
Shizuka: just look up a tutorial or I don't know..ASK SOMEONE HERE! Someon must know how to use vegas.
the walk cycle is nice
00,02Shizuka, walking derpy only has one wing?
11,01The skip in the eye animation?
/me 13gives Nittany_Discord a muffin :3
No spacing between Brony and State?
panda-homework: you know how to use Vegas?
Aw hell!
Is it the fact that her pupils get clipped in one eyes where they don't in the show?
DAMMIT
11,01Yes!
I noticed that awhile ago! :D
/me sets fire to the chat
/me 11,01hugs muffin
I just saw that
so nittany gets a muffin for the skip
but i dont get one for stating the cutie mark is blue?
/me has his OWN muffin
13the gif was perfectly looped but for some reason it introduced three skips in rendering
/me noms upon HIS muffin
Is it weird to have a purple window color and a twilight chrome theme?
If i can read it, i don't care about font too much
ya
13my original idea was to have the walking derpy be the transition point for the quotes, but couldn't get the fades to cooperate
/me has no muffin. But he has a burrito. Which is good enough for him. It has beans.
:\
13all the fades were too fast for it
Rain bow dah
Say hello to Mine Turtle
otakon yeah? Whats up?
13if i were doing it in after effects i probably could have pulled it off, but i threw the thing together in like an hour and a half
panda-homework: do you know how to use Vegas?
so whats with the cutiemark being off?
otakon eeyup ^-^ whats up
Shizuka: ask panda-homework
13the cutie mark being the wrong color is just an artifact from the gif i used
/me throws a dragon into the chatroom
oh, that sucks
my first guess was almost gonna be "upsidedown Derpy has Rarity's cutie mark" then I looked closer
I wish i knew how to do animations and stuff.... :\
panda-homework: she has issues with the Derpy eyes in the animation, she doesn't know how to get rid of that frame skip
Brb guys
i wouldve made my OC desktop pony a long time ago... :(
I just don't know what went wrong
otakon who has the issues?
13nah it's that the source gif was perfectly looped, but after the render somehow there were skips introduced
panda-homework: Shizuka does
otakon sorry... im on my phone...
In some parts the eyes skip to the beat...so i thot it was intentional :D
So what caused the stream to die?
panda-homework: oh, well it might have to wait then I don't think you can help her with it on the phone.
Shizuka hm? Vegas giving you problems?
13made this video in january, was problems then :3
13it's only a problem for me... and all of you now that you know the eyes skip
dem technical difficulties :D
13YOU CAN NEVER UNSEE IT
Shizuka haha then why is otakon tellin me now xD
Shizuka: sure we can
okay I lied
Shizuka: Other obvious lines are... "Technical difficulties indeed! There are no muffins here." "We're doing everything we can to fix the problem... but we just don't know what went wrong." "I can't read this. Who wrote this upside down, anyway?"
GODDAMMIT
Nevr seen it in the first place Shizuka
Kencolt: Are you okay stream?
Derpy is now best pony
Anthing I can do to help?
otakon: Mine is fine.
I honestly never noticed it until it was pointed out. But indeed, I can't unsee it.
Kencolt: no no, FOR THE LINES
Shizuka: Well, as i said earlier, at many parts the eyes skip to the beat. so i thot it was intended :o
And an upsidedown "There, that's better! I helped!"
13there is that
13is mostly why i didn't go back to make it more perfect
Shizuka: I kind of like the second one myself, if I do say so.
this is youtube video :D
otakon: Oh, of course.
otakon oh well... the problem is solved... kinda... haha ^-^
I love them both! The railings one is TOO funny! :D and this one is awesome :P
ok i just checked the roomlist it all says the same thing
13http://i.imgur.com/nKj61.jpg
panda-homework: well, just thought I'd ask is all. You're one of the few here I know for sure to have editing experience
xxMoopyxx...well then read it and wait for the problem to get fixed...damn
otakon ^-^
sorry bro im not trying to be mean to you jeeze
Well I hope my computer isnt infected with the virus
O.o
Anyhow, Shizuka , if you like any of those pathetic gags (except the second one which I think is pretty clever) feel free when and if you expand it.
what virus?
Derpy Line! I know what's wrong, there are no muffins!
Wait, who here is from alaska?
13maybe next month i'll get back on the intermission project
Shizuka: well, do it when you can
13my artistic creative side is pretty much burnt out after the award show
goddammit I really should be in bed
this music
...
11,01Can I help? I don't have Vegas, though :<
but I'm waiting for something very importatn
13analytical creative wants to go back to building the enigma machine in wiremod/gmod but i'm on my third attempt..
otakon: disregard sleep, aquire ponies
Heh i love this music while were waiting
Nittany_Discord: PIRATE
:o
SpadeMagnes[R]: it's something serious I'm waiting for
A'RRR MATEY!
13fun fact, rendering intermission preview two, a 15 minute video, took an hour
I fixed my Firefox
I have a massive headache, but i have to get Flare's picture done... x_x
Shizuka uh.... if you ever need help with vegas... you can alwas ask me ^-^
13BUT
HUZZAH!
This is...a disturbing game.
Shizuka: lol
11,01You're trying to code the Enigma machine? Do you have the algorithms?
13if i left out the countdown in the corner, it took 16 minutes
13yup
:)
Bah
13http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Enigma_rotor_details
Shizuka settings were you using??
It's not the most
What*
Shizuka: so wait. WHY are you making a virtual Enigma Machine?
13was outputting 640x480, the rest were tailored towards my usual 720p out
I don't generally play disturbing games, so to me it's a shock.
13but it took so much longer with that timer cause the timer was its own video
OK... this is all so very nice and technical... I guess I'll duck out, since I'm no good with nice and technical these days.
13and it's chroma keying the whole time
like lounge lobby music
13http://mckoss.com/Crypto/Enigma.htm i played with this in high school
13otakon: because i can
Shizuka hm... and that took an hour?? And oh! Chroma keyer.... yeah... it does that.
13yep
Shizuka: like ANY true adventurer would say!
13technically chroma key and then inverted, since the timecode is white on black
BECAUSE I CAN GODDAMMIT!
13and i needed black on white
Well good night
>watching an episode of MST3K
/me jumps off a cliff "ADVENTURE!!!!!!!!!!"
night SpadeMagnes[R] sleep well
13so yeah each set of frames took much longer with the timer active
>female asian character is called Sumica
good night everypony. I'm off to destroy the oatmeal factory
Guys I got something interesting that some of you would love http://imgur.com/a/3klDf#1
night owlicious sleep ...eh destroy well
On the plus side, I feel no remorse killing the sick bastards in this game.
crush swag
Cya owlicious :P
00,10wuh huh?
13anyway re enigma machine, i got halfway through it before encountering a bug with wiremod, at least i think
Shizuka hm... well you realize that if you rendered both at separate times and used overlay, it wouldnt have taken as long...
wait the stream is youtube!? :o
then again the beginner artist are probably absent
eyup.
wait it is
I wonder if I could locally embed another video though?
you could.
bc that would be awesome
I don't know how
wait let me go check
I'm embed illiterate
13it was the best way i could think of, render a 20 minute video of a timecode in the corner (masked out so it's only minutes and seconds) on a black background so i just invert and chroma to use in the intermission
brb
Shizuka: if i knew how wiremod worked id be more than happy to help..
Lol
YouTube looks fine to me
Shizuka hehe ^-^ no worries, ive made similar mistakes. So, you had about 8 tracks, including the music, no?
13timer over everything in case i wanted to do a fourth wall gag with pinkie at some point
13i think there were two or three tracks for music, mostly for shizu-style mixing
13s/were/are
13first song in track 1, second song in track 2 for crossfading, third song back on track 1 and so on
http://derpy.me/okRtj
Did derpy walked out of the chatroom coming from the right side?
13intermission is 15 minutes long broken into 30 slides of 30 seconds each
So Tenenbaum threw me what looks like a plasmid.
ya she did
How do I equip it?
13of those i have content for i think four
Ah! Hm... Shizuka, that seemed like a chore and a half! Not sure much i could optimize that, in terms of render speed and quality.
What the heck was it anyway?
let's all go the lobby!
ok
13when it comes time that the intermission 2.0 is ready for render i'd just do it overnight :3
I think its auto equpied for that one
Hey derpy stop walking out of the chatroom
:D
should be the one that lets you harvest from the sisters
It is indeed better than no stream! :)
13the award show was fun *liarjack.avi*
morning ponies
Shizuka, didn't we see you test it out on stream one day? I assumed it was ready for use. :S
morning
Hiya VioletGreySha :P
derpy is best intermission
13nah that's just my storyboarding/framework
Aha
Oh.
Shizuka hehe sounds like a plan. Oh! You know you could make it quicker with one special trick :3c
I chose to rescue, because, well...
this music is so relaxing
What? O>o
ello VioletGreySha
I can't kill little girls.
i know right
13for instance the slide about railings i didn't follow at all, that of course resulted in the railings intermission i use to kick off my video streams
Ah, man... Would love to see it used though, that one part where the music transitions to the other part was amazing.
Shizuka: THat one is great too :D
13ja by the bay to starsfull is probably one of my best transitions
Simcity music ;)
Indeed!
Hmm?
13though Where The Streets Have No Name into Saihate is my best
Maxis has best music
hey everypony lets all relax of this amazing music that were hearing right now
/me still says that one part was probably his favorite
13second place is either the first pair of tracks on cathedral mix i or the mashup i did of the Frozen Synapse RED OST and Oh Sherrie a couple weeks ago
Shizuka hehe, you're quite the transitionary genius huh? ^-^
I chose kill for them my first time through, but I was just leaving angsty teenager days when the game came out
panda-homework, she is.
Even if they're little monsters, I just can't kill them.
Grrrr. Now I gotta look up those videos.
this is pretty good music
13Re-Development here is one of the longest tracks on the SimCity 4 OST which is why i used it
13if you're going to have a video up to kill time while a stream is repaired, better make it long
Dang now i feel like playing SC4 again...
yeah make it long to
you actually get more gene moneys if you choose to save them overall due to rewards for saving them
Well... i best go back to homework ^-^
music from any sims is relaxing
13it's also obviously relaxing, a few of the other ones i considered were either too repetitive or got too intense midway
Still, it's a moral thing.
:$
Gah, now I have to kill a Big Daddy. Dammit.
whats the music called i want to go look it up on youtube
13http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0CF3464B4CD08038
How to go about it...?
13this is Re-Development off the SimCity 4 OST
i mean the name of it
i just love that derpy walking across the screen :)
Set up traps
have a plan
lol
I noticed just now that this is straight off of Youtube. Not on a streaming site or anything.
nuke it with the best shit you got
dont miss
13yep we can embed youtube videos, but they won't sync
http://derpy.me/okRtj
00,10Simcity 4 was good but made me sad in that disasters were no longer random.
13you'll always refresh to the start of the video/playlist
i just wanted to go type it in it sounds so good
what is wrong with stream anyways?
night all :)
RX-78-SweetieBot: her legs look weird o_o
night Irish_Pony
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJ-QLl5qjLg random music
00,10noting is wrong with it othere then no streamer atm.
13maybe we should use my bronystate playlist for the offline stream... though i would want some flag visible somewhere that says "we are offline"
Hi everypony. Just got here. What are you guys streaming?
Thanks for the advice. :|
nothing
Shizuka: u should :$
Agreed.
00,10probably should set it back to mips
hey some pony check ibrony website go into the chatroom and see if its still silenced in there real quick
ello Starlight_Phoenix
00,10not so suttle advertising xxMoopyxx?
what do you mean by that?
If you have armor piercing ammo for guns save them up for big daddy fights
Hey for the person who wanted the like to the music here it is : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yskny4J01V0
electric buck for the shotgun also helps for stunning them so you can reposition
It helps if you ask permission to do that stuff.
Hm
like what kind of stuff?
Really, REALLY doesn't help that the Little Sister is just plain bleedin' adorable.
oh that's why there was a simcity discussion earlier
13http://youtu.be/66klKlUtJPI?t=4m30s those looking for the best transition ever should look here
Well, think of it that you are fighting the big daddies so you can cure the sisters.
just go into there chatroom just say something in there if they say anything
Shizuka, any chance that your video will include some Sims music?
and I mean the original sims
13nope don't have sims OST
13only simcity 4
Dammit, bastard just bashed the hell out of me.
Allo All.
13the intermission is pretty much set music-wise, still debating how to handle the area after starsfull though
Serriously is your best transition, Shizu.
00,10which Sims OST did you want?
ask them if they still have me muted in that
each time I listen to buy mode of sims I get chills of nostalgia everywhere
Hey Everypony!
hello everypony
13there's just enough time for the TechnoMix we use from civ 3 but like two or three minutes left
Sumica, I just wondered if there would be any Sims music in Shizuka videos
13have very few tracks at my disposal to fill that
I want to play sims now
how is sims fun?
THE ORIGINAL ONE
13the sims unseated Myst as the best selling pc game ever
13makes me sad
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG, I can make a floating house in sims
ya but why is it fun?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG, A FLOATING HOUSE
HOW IS THAT NOT FUN
13http://soundcloud.com/kamishizuka/parting-drinks this is what happens when shizu can't unhear a song in another
...You're right, it's easier if I remember that I'm saving them.
:)
:|
but seriously though
it's killing the sims that's fun
and making your dream house
that's it
Phase4: :D?
00,02ohai XAX
00,02gona reboot soon
00,02Shizuka, :(
00,02myst > sims
13<33
13myst is the reason we got games on CD
Right, done with that for now, and hopefully I won't have nightmares as a result.
13i could probably run my potpourri playlist for a while
13asuka might put up with that..
00,02asuka needs a new cooler
Sims has no story. Case in point.
00,02laptop right?
13desktop
13tower
Reikim: yup
00,02hmmm
13but sumica can tell you since he has the same desk as me, there's no ventilation
00,02i assume its not dust
00,02ah
13nah downstairs in a major walkway with two dogs in summer
00,02cut a hole in the back?
13it's probably a LOT of dust
00,10yeah i had to do alot of work with mine to keep the temp in the 60's
00,02its usualy quite hard to make towers overheat unless you have a gtx480 or something
13she's idling at 56C now
00,02those buggers ran at 90c
13about where she's been since summer started
13streaming immediately pushes to the 70-75C range
All these professional gaming PCs O__O I feel like such a newbie.
1380 if i'm trying to do Source
Phase4, I got a gtx470
00,02Shizuka, have you tried taking the side of the case off?
00,02should help a little
13not entirely sure if i can
00,02CrimsonPhoenix, nice and toasty isnt it
13well
13obviously i can
13but with where it is i wouldn't really want to
13would just attract a lot more dust
00,02the 470 ran at about 80 iirc, has less active silicon than the 480
13GPU hovers around 70C all the time for me, from what speedfan tells me
Less active silicon?
00,02Shizuka, realy should open it and get the dust out
^ dust kills
13yeah.. just been too hot this week to disassemble my desk
00,02Reikim, not sure what the proper term is, they disable ~100 out of ~500 cores iir
00,02iirc'
00,02something like 386 vs 480, cant remember
11,01The 470 is infamous for running hot IIRC.
11,01It's the one I have.
13http://i.imgur.com/7Yy6q.jpg
00,02friend of mine has a 480, it ran at 90
13that's my world from a couple months ago
00,10yeah that was why I said boxfan+3m airfilter Shizuka
Looks like a pretty nice world.
Well I do have an antec case, I can't remember the full name of it though
It has like 5 fans?
Goodnight everyone
troll symmetry... grr.
00,02Shizuka, easiest way to clear dust is those compressed air cans they sell and places, no where near a store though so i disasemble and blow
13yeah..
00,02probably very bad for my lungs
night Cobellanez sleep well
Shizuka: that chair!! Where did you get it and for how much!? o.o it looks like a nice comfy chair!
13have a canned air here, still just have to disassemble my desk to pull asuka out
00,02night Cobellanez
00,10I dont trust caned air.
13only accessible from the back, which is of course a nightmare of cables and celestia knows what else has set up shop back there
00,10would rather use the small vac and a paintbrush
00,02...that probably works better actually
wouldnt you need to worry about static Sumica ?
00,02not sure why i never thought of it
00,02dust is less of a problem where i am though, much larger problem is running out of thermal paste
00,10not if you ground your self on the case.
13use air to blow the dust up, vacuum to pick it up in air
00,02Shizuka, the thing under your monitor, modem?
13glorified power strip
Ugh, well ive got to head to bed. Good night everypony! Take care and have fun :)
00,02wow
13http://i.imgur.com/HSYGY.jpg can see better here
take it easy RaveBrony
13modem is hiding behind the dr pepper and coaster on the left
ngiht RaveBrony sleep well
00,10I find the dust here to be kinda sticky so the brush woorks better at geting the goop off the hot componets
Shiny.
00,02clearly it needs more buttons
yup
Shizuka: needs cleaning
13i like it
ya theres a lot of dust on the desk o_o
13yeah everything needs dusting
00,02does look usefull actually, bit overkill imho
13it's pretty old
13i assume it's as big as it is cause it's supposed to support a CRT
13and it did for a few years til i finally got the main screen
00,02explains the colour scheme
13http://i.imgur.com/tv2UA.jpg here's december
O_O
Hey anyone know where I can find someone who can draw a picture for me?
13back when one of the two tracklights overhead worked
13now they're both dead and i probably burnt the junction box
I'm writing a story and I need some custom art for the Cover
13RaveBrony: office depot i think, was their display model
whats the story?
13it's slowly falling apart, think it's a little over a year and a half old now
Haven't published it yet but it's about Changelings and that sort
ah
So im guessing bronystate and the stream is dead now?
13not sure if i want to stream potpourri playlist or not
hmmmm
I find them the easiest to write about since there's so little actually known about them, you get a lot of elbow room to make up stuff
/me 11,01wishes for a motherboard
11,01or a working computer
Lol
So anyone know where I could find a person to do a cover art picture?
/me wishes to be a streamer :3
13there i go looking through my imgur library again... look the fifth best thing i ever built http://imgur.com/a/b1uJ6#0
Shizuka: dayum
I've built so much shit in Minecraft
13eventually we had a huge swirling cloud layer at the top a la episode one
Well i have the DUKE NUKEM forever game going so i'll just wait untill the stream is up and going i'll come back to the screen when it does ok
13i had help on that part, but the clouds you see there were me
xxMoopyxx: spoiler alert aliens invade the earth
13wonder if either of the wom remnants would have that citybuild saved still
Heh yeah right
Shizuka: good old G11 darn we got teh same keyboard and mouse lol
13i want to upgrade to the G510 but $100
Shizuka: g11 is still cool
13indeed
1318 macro keys, perfect for binding shortcuts for winamp at the bottom and launchers on the rest
11,01I have a PoS keyboard and mouse.
Shizuka: i always set chat spamm on it
Hm? I leave for five minutes and suddenly we're bragging about Minecraft?
13http://i.imgur.com/PX3l7.jpg
Hey im kind of thinking about changing my nick name to shmoopy what do you guys think?
Shizu, I find that hilarious.
00,10big shock Snaper down again.
Shizuka: lawl
13if i weren't terrible at it and it weren't so finicky on win7 i'd try streaming lode runner
uhh whut
I have that game. It's oodles of fun.
13it was technically my first video game
whats lode runner?
:O
ok hang on im going to change my nickname and see if it fits
13riven was the first time i actually paid attention though
11,01What is up with Screensnapr?
13screensnapr has been really flaky for a couple months
Hm
Well, if you ever do stream Lode Runner, I'll make sure to be around. But for now, night everyone.
ok so what do you guys think
shmoopy...the name reminds me of someone i truley dislike..
night Reikim
god the chat is ded
13not sure if http://i.imgur.com/f002Y.jpg or http://i.imgur.com/Mtt1p.jpg is my favorite that i did
2nd one is best
^
should i change it back to xxMoopyxx or shmoopy?
13http://imgur.com/a/0ZL2G#0 this was my crowning achievement in classic
11,01Talented Shizuka is tallented.
hmm for some reason i've seen a shmoopy before
like where?
Shizuka: the darwinia shrine
mods should stream some Two and a Half Men sumtime :$
11,01*talented
or more MXC
i agree with Nittany_Discord
13http://youtu.be/uAdx5se6Z1A which i later redid in beta and made this
/me coughs
/me doesnt cough
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka
13<3
of course you wouldnt cough >.<
11,01:)
13http://imgur.com/a/kGroO#17 this was me after they raised the height cap
/me hugs Nittany_Discord and Shizuka
ok what about loopy or doopy or doopy or toopy or poopy?
13up until about the fourth floor was done manually in creative, then i got singleplayer commands working again and stacked the rest
hahaaha
poopy can be allowed
00,02Shizuka, there is a disable hud button
Someone just prank called me
13not in classic there wasn't
it can
Shizuka: wow we got our own tower? neat
00,02dat tower of bronystate
00,02Shizuka, ah
/me never bought minecraft
wow Shizuka very nice creation in MC :$
night guys
night otakon
wait be right back im going to change my nickname to that
I'm out of here for the "evening
night otakon
take care all
13http://youtu.be/B8A01RmPAxg up to 1020 views now, this is one of my better builds
night otakon
11,01Later otakon
hows this?
dat bronystate tower :o
ikr
Shizuka has best choice in music for videos
ok i can go back and change it to xxMoopyxx i guess
13i like the more calm stuff for video work, mostly cause i don't do much high intensity videos
13trackmania i kinda stopped after getting a video blocked in germany for a song i didn't even use
13ambient stuff like the darwinia ost is much less likely to be on the kill list
k im going to change it back to xxMoopyxx now
i love chat derps
Shizuka: you never did finish that on stream..
13nope .-.
ok i did now
00,02Shizuka is best at minecraft
^^^^^^
Notch is best
Hey does anypony have a bad weather going on right now?
nah
00,02reboot time
just asking
13fun fact the signature at the end of my videos took half an hour to render
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xj6F_piB_HE
First to ponify that gets all my internets and muffins
Eddmario: wat
Is anything playing?
I'm not racist :D:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4wsZgvX4dQ
HELLLLOOOOOOOOOOO! Is anybody out there?
...
/me tosses tumble weed into chat
/me 11,01tumbles
00,02lets see
13http://youtu.be/LZeFehjXmDk this is what happens when shizu runs a server..
your tf2 server is fun, Shizuka :3
Just in case nobody's paying attention to the chat: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5ued52QWe1r3xauuo1_1280.png
13:3
also, I sooo need to start playing minecraft again
ohai Rain
and I remember that map, Shizuka! :O
Shizuka you own a server?
Shizuka >>>> http://img811.imageshack.us/img811/3002/bild298e.jpg my life on one table XD
13oh ja rain rain joined me once :3
Eddmario: :D
13vivi too
13where is that screenshot..
13http://i.imgur.com/hiMkZ.png
This is proof I regret buying the full version of Fraps today: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T5tZqAfrH0w
13>fraps
dat messy desktop o.o
13>buy
13does not compute
00,10I was there too shizu
lol
13so many icons ><
XD
Shizuka: Now you can only record up to 30 seconds with the free version of Fraps
Thats right! I still have my Kamina skin on minecraft :D
13>fraps
00,02woah
13>use free version
00,10if only there was some way to get full version
00,02Shizuka, dat nether cathedral is nice
13still does not compute
13it's 100% improvised
i wish i could of been there
whats wrong with having lots of icons on teh desktop? xD
Shizuka: 100% improvised with tnt
lol
13like i say in the video, i plopped down a portal once just to see what would happen, turned out the exit point was so cool i just had to build something
13the rest was all based around building pillars at regular intervals
13the tavern is my favorite though
Here's mine BTW: http://bbsimg.ngfiles.com/1/24072000/ngbbs4ff92800b0024.jpg
00,10I want pony widgets
Eddmario: rainmeter?
XD
meh
And here's my mouse pad: http://bbsimg.ngfiles.com/1/24027000/ngbbs4fdc13160debd.jpg
That image is of it sitting on my closed laptop BTW
yah i was wondering
11,01Can't show off my desktop right now.
13http://i.imgur.com/Szbld.jpg normally putty is maximized on screen two but i wanted to show the wallpaper off
11,01People have seen my desktop wallpaper.
11,01Not my laptop wallpaper.
wat is it?
Nittany_Discord No, they haven't
Since there's a good chunk of the mods on, any of you feel like streaming? I'll give a muffin to the first person who does
00,02i keep pressing ctrl+alt+left/right because on linux it switches desktop
00,02on windows, the intel gpu drivers use it for rotating the screen
Phase_4 You use Linux? What is this, the 70s?
00,02celestia only knows why, its insanely anoying
00,02Eddmario, you say that, yet compiz :P
13i found i can't use my winamp shortcuts during Source as much as i used to now that i have two monitors
13my next track macro apparently contains the "move this window to the other screen and do it in such a way it can't go back" shortcut when i'm moving forward
13rain rain~<3 http://fav.me/d56hj7a
hehehe
I find that funny because my other registered nick on this irc is
13:3
:p
lol
13so many messy desktops ><
^
:D
icons are cool
xD
oh god am i the only one with no pony desktop O_O
maybe
no
13http://i.imgur.com/Szbld.jpg
my netbook doesnt allow for desktop bg changes
:)
dat clean desktop :o
Shizuka: not enough icons :3
Hello people.
00,10Fleur x rain. I am ok with this =p
Here's the official Tumblr of the person who did the animated scene in the newest FiW episode: http://derpy.me/VESBt
Eddmario: thats Nsfw tumblr lol
good evening Bronystate
hay Lunar_Brony
I killed the chat again . . .
-_(\
still need to add pics to changing background
Zombie_Brony Actully, it was dead when I got here
Which was actually only a couple of minutes ago
00,10off to go check my eyelids for light leaks see you all later.
alright bye Sumica
chat just needs more tumble weeds
bye Sumica
Cya, Sumi.
/me watches a tumbleweed roll by
what the buck . . .
bye Sumica
back from dinner.
hi Mutterguy
WB Mutterguy
bye Sumica
I'm hungry. Does anypony have any muffins?
plz?
all we have is cupcakes o.o
Zombie_Brony I do, but they're only for the first person to start streaming
had sooo much sushi. IN NZ they sell it for 1/2 price about an 1 hour before closing
nope not referencing that
Zombie_Brony It's only creepy if you listen to one of the readings of it
just sayin
Or ARE thay? :S
*thy?
*they?
my friend has already made me read disturbing fanfics :(
i dont think so
after reading "Rainbow Factory", I've tried to avoid any and all gore fics
ive read Momma Fluttershy -_-''
so disturbing
If you want a good laugh, go read it. It's on Fimfiction.
Or I could just PM you a link if you want.
sure Eddmario
:$
my friend read My Little Dashie over skype call.... he cried
/me has never read "My Little Dashie"
i played dead island music as he read dashies note
I HAVE read Past Sins though, and I actually almost cried a bit during it
Eddmario: read MLD
now off to read this fanfic
And I almost cried a bit during the newest chapter of "Choices"
this says a thousand words http://www.redbubble.com/people/stinkehund/works/7383789-i-have-a-crush-on-rainbow-dash-with-text?p=t-shirt
Hey, shouldn't you go reading that fic I just gave you the link to?
Zombie_Brony At least you didn't link to the Faded website.
never heard of that
Faded is known for stealing other people's art and putting it on shirts
lol
So, doesn't somepony usually stream this late on saturdays?
Eddmario nnope
it's 11:45 here
pm
Alright, I've got a "special" gift for the first person to start streaming in the next 5 minutes ;)
lol
that isn't going to do anything
Eddmario "nothing" ?
Let's just say my hands are gonna be dirty and the person streaming will love it
oh god
>.>
hi Ninjazz
Hello there, Zombie_Brony.
Eddmario: clean their yard? plant a garden infront of their house? what
And a certain white powder would be involved
OH GOD
And some heat as well
meh
too much sugar
hi hen3ry
And this knife
sup Zed?
not much
came here out of pure boredom
I can only watch the standby screen before the nostalgia sets in
/me holds up a VERY sharp steak knife
*for so long
Eddmario you're making steak?
Slutter_Moon, you awake?
/me 11,01is bored
*Sluttey_Moon
00,02XAX, you here?
So, who's streaming?
/me 00,02is
CupcakeWarrior: uuh dat comment
ohai Phase4
11,01My brother's been working his ass off today.
join the club Nittany_Discord. No contracts, no strings attached. You get a free membership card and reserved parking.
Here's your special gift
00,02hmmm
11,01Awesome!
/me Hands Phase4 a piece of homemade pizza
11,01I like free.
00,02*nom*
/me 00,02noms pizza
..What? I said it'd involve getting my hands dirty, a white powder, some heat, and a knife.
brb. I need a muffin
and some Coca-Cola
00,02suddenly item
and another muffin
00,02i have a guest pass for css
The flour is the powder, which would get my hands dirty. The heat is the oven, and the knife is for cutting the peppers.
STREAM
STEAM
Phase4: lol
00,02how strange
Phase4: dat guest past
Phase4: what are you planing on doing?
Gabe is trolling Phase
00,02Shamroc, building rockets
oh god
00,02in gmod instead of kerbal
00,02:>
OH GOD
00,02this can only go well
/me Would totally accept his horn to be stroked if it was done by Twiligt
Phase4: odds are someone made models of kerbals for gmod :3
/me *Twilight
Gmod? Didn't you get a key for SFM?
I'm back.
What did I miss?
13does phase has wiremod?
hi Shizuka
he does
13good :3
00,02Darkts3|Drawing|MLG2, i do?
wut?
idk
13:<
:3
/me 00,02has only played game modes so far, hasnt messed around in gmod
lol
/)_(\
Bronystate still having problems?
Phase didnt play Zombie mod yet :3
Phase4...sorry bout the lack of stuff yestday..
hi CrimsonPhoenix
13https://github.com/wiremod/wire/zipball/master NAO
13https://github.com/wiremod/AdvDuplicator/zipball/master that too
oh hai Zombie_Brony
11,01I played a few minutes of gmod. That's it.
what's up in your side of reality?
Shizuka: you just made me download wiremod O_O
Phase4: forgot to check ping.
Yes.
I am.
00,02hmmm, to host server or find another
13yus~
Shizuka: wut is that?
Isn't Gmod a mod for HL2?
13i could host but i know your ping goes crazy
Eddmario I was here for that. I left to grab muffins and Coca-Cola
Eddmario: ya
hi XAX
00,02Shizuka, copy into addons?
13the folder inside it ja
can we join him on this stream?
he'd have to find a empty server
13moment
wait? why did I down\load those?
shizu~ i wanna join!
/me leans back in his recliner
13not sure if should gm_construct_flatgrass or just flatgrass
flatgrass
13or maybe excess island, that has launch facilities
Don't forget to delete System 32
00,02Shizuka, i'd prefer there be something around
Shizuka: oh yeah excess island shizu..
00,02i assime flatgrass is the pure flat one
yeppp
13yeah flatgrass is pure flat
of course
assime?
13gm_construct is pretty small
seems legit
lol the copy
Phase4: yes I am here D:
00,02restart for addons?
/me 00,02hugs Xaiden
13yeah
00,02derp
/me 00,02hugs XAX too
13i forget how tall excess island is, one moment
Phase4, why are you showing us you downloading porn?
00,02XAX, join us in garrys mod?
00,02o u Eddmario
can i join?
Phase4: whatcha playin?
:S
13my only rule is no spazzing physics.... you make asuka sad you make me sad :<
00,02XAX, garrys mod
00,02um
Phase4: whatcha playing?
00,02you've seen me in ksp right?
on the garrysmod?
00,02XAX, garrys mod
00,02:P
<--------------------
Phase4: WHATCHA PLAYING ON GARRYSMOD D:
8-D
STUFF
00,02JUST GARRYS MOD
00,02NO GAME MODES
00,02:D
lol
^Voldemort smiling
Shamroc that's what I was gonna say
11,01Phase4 needs a cutie mark.
13actually since i'll probably just be doing enigma phase could host and ping wouldn't matter much for me
00,02Shizuka, point is i will spaz physics :/
Garry's mod is always about spazzing physics
lol
13source engine why you load so slow
huge delay between chat and video
what are physics?
iunno
00,02Shizuka, i can start a server here
a fair repesentation of phase's rockets half the time
00,02map?
My cutie mark is a sword. The sword has Luna, Celestia, and Cadence's cutie marks on it. There's also the shield from Shining Armor's cutie mark behind it, and the whole thing is surrounded by the cutie marks of the Mane 6.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_b4WzWFKQ20&feature=youtu.be&t=8m4s <Top gear
hello phase4
Phase4: we should play Fretta at some point, seeing you got CSS.
13go to toybox and find gm_excess_island
11,01That's excessive Eddmario.
hi Texasboykc09
00,02hmmm
Nittany_Discord: ^^^^^^^^
00,02have to change port mappings
very excessive
00,02dedicated dont have this map
13you will need the map anyway
Nittany_Discord You're just jealous yours isn't that epid
13i think it's too big for me to autosend
00,02probably a good idea to use this machine anyway
00,02the one the dedicated is on isnt exactly powerfull
/me yawns
13i can start and have server up in a minute
Phase, the stream is a few seconds behind
thats normal, Eddmario
13stream is always a few seconds behind
So Derpyhoovenews caught the Hasbro Q&A video but not EQD
there's a buffer
13*always*
moop
cisco
YEAH FOR DHN
00,02there we go
it was 4 mins beind once
13CrimsonPhoenix: we sent to EQD after DHN, we wanted them to have the story first
00,02should open
Oh gosh
I love you Bronystate
11,01I don't need a complicated CM. Just a representative one.
but why that decision?
I wonder how high the highest mountains on minmus actually are...
13EQD have been jerks to us before
how did he get that pony on the side?
oh wow
So, I take it since flutterguy posted a youtube link during stream, we're allowed one youtube link per stream? In that case, http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93kBPeH1w8c
desktop ponies
seatsea it's an OC Desktop Pony
ok thanks
00,02mfw dhn lags firefox
11,01No video links during stream for anyone.
13gmod why you so slow...
00,02no obvious reason why
Phase, you need to go get a persona for FireFox
00,02ok, should work
00,02ports are fowarded
can we join
13oh is phase already hosting
13just now finished server load for me..
00,02lol
00,02mine or yours?
lolololol
00,02not sure if mine works
13on mine
00,02and aparently i'm using an old version of wiremod
13i know mine works cause sometimes random people join and i don't know why
13i think it always says it's old
aha! im a badass
CRUSH! KILL! DESTROY! SWAG!
13they must have broken the update code
Phase4: damnit i was gettin in too..
yay the stream works again yay
13k i am up
So, what's this wiremod thing you guys are talking about? Is it a mod for Gmod?
I'm going to bed early tonight. G'night Bronystate!
:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
/me needs moar valve games
Wait, why do you have 2 copies of Portal 2?
11,01Eddmario: No smiley spam.
11,01Am I going to have to stay up to keep an eye on you?
I'm going to bed early tonight. G'night Bronystate!
yup
night Lunar_Brony
/me stabs Nittany_Discord in the eye with a hotstick
i have never manage to update wired mod
Imma get some popcorn
Hey guys when did we became bronies in the fisrt place anyway?
ohai Shizuka
11,01Ploop.
I became one a year and a month ago
13shamrocs go through 2
Here's how it happened for me:
did you just stab a mod in the eye with a hotstick? 9 YEARS DUNGEONS NOW! 9 years
i bame one to about a week ago when i saw ponies in the wii
11,01I really want to play the tornado maps with Shizuka.
I saw a bunch of pony stuff on Memebase, so i figured I'd give the first episode a shot.
A few hours later and I'm on episode 9
Phase, go on ctf_2fort
11,01Morning MrPoniator.
11,01I was about to sleep.
Yo
hi MrPoniator
MrPoniator, any animation coming up soon?
Also Hello
lul
A heyo from me as well.
Hey can you play as duke nukem in gmod?
And My axe!
lol
:D
11,01Night everyone.
night Nittany_Discord
it is morning here
Gnight, Nittany_Discord. Sleep well. :)
Hey everyone. I'M BACK. First pony to guess what I've got WINS
a pony toy?
... herpes?
o_o
a Pony?
I'll give you a hint
a free box
sorry, I like bad guesses xD
it's white and sticky and in a cup
well stream is down
errr...
cum
GREEK YOGURT
:D
Cocaine?
:D
none wins :(
wow
didn't think yogurt is exactly sticky unless it's with honey?
Hey pull ot some ponies in gmod
I have
CHERRY GREEK YOGURT
yeaaaah
wait, Shizuka has a Gmod up!?
or did I miss it?
ya
yus
Rain: gmod is indeed up
dont know if i should join tho
uuuugh... why does t have to be so late....?
wasn't phase4 gonig to try and build a rocket though?
00,02Melonguy, in time
...
my parents would get mad if I joined you, Shizuka... :<
does any pony know the the name of that pony song that says FIGHT BACK THE CAPCOM
we listen to it a few times in the stream
Hey, everypony.
hi Red_Pegasus
DOES ANY PONY KNOW THE NAME OF THE song that has the lyric in it Fight back the capcom?
Could it be Dear Princess Celestia?
Owlcity- Universe.
You know what could be awesome?
LOL
if somehow, Hasbro went to the next bronycon
Who's streaming?
Phase is
phase4 is
thanks you zjdtmkhzt (get a less complex name)
xD
He's playing the best game ever.
why are you guys trying to break the imortal glass?
Aliens.
lawl that dud
Hey phase4 do the tatical nuke call it in
XD
/me hugs Irish_Pony
/me hugs RainBowJack back
This dead island or left 4 dead?
Nop
gmod
Shizuka, Can i play with you guys?
Phase4: Hey, can i join you?
dat 360 door :P
00,02Xaiden, sure
ok
thakns
Phase4: Thank
00,0266.41.128.154:27015
00,02carefull with physics though
I wish I still had my old account :L
i am going to try to run gmod on linux
Whats that?
ubuntu
I don't even
00,02you need gm_excess_island from the toybox
00,02seatsea, should work well enough
00,02cant wait untill they port steam
Irish_Pony, no GL?
APS: she wont be on for a while :(
it makes me rage that all the win7 files are on my computer but i am stuk on ubuntu
HELP
I NEED SOME POOONY, HEEELP NOT JUST ANYPONNYYY
HEEELP, YOU KNOW I NEED PINKIE!!! PIEEEEEE
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
i was downloading the map
D:
lol
XAX wanna play zombies with me in gmod?
erm
Not right now
went back to CSS
>_>
alright man
LOL
XAX is now playing
Hey sumica what happens if i went ot change my nickmame to copy your name?
You would be banned.
FOREVERR
wow
Impersonating a mod, mind you, is an offence.
well im not going to do that but wow dude just wow
?
What did I do?
what you
I don't even.
wow lol fail
Can't tell if talking about stream
:|
why did the chat stop going all of a sudden?
We have a sudden lack of ponies.
ok
o.O?
what
CAN'T tell if chat is slow or if time has slowed down...
did he just say they were having sex????
hehehehehehehehehe
lol
not enough MOANING
MATE
wait are they clopping?
/me moans
why is there sex going on?
i hate cloppers man
*clop clop clop*
Why all the hate?
shut up
just kidding Moopy
SIGH
well hi everyone
hi
i forgot i left the stream on, so i laughed randomly in a server >.>
what are these huys doing then?
playing Garry's Mod
i know its gmod but is there a certian goal?
that thier trying to get?
Yes
Phase4: You should play a scary map.
Having Fun
9 see
i*
im guessing he's making a car or jeep then
LOL
hai
ahhhhh fuck, not the fork AHHHH
ha ha he droped his fork lol
not enough MOANING
are you watching porn on youtube?
Lol
you can't get full porn on youtube
Only almost-porn
oh just saying bro
13take it to a different channel.
is that a pony playing kerbal space orgram in the bottom left corner?
program*
Huh fine jeeze i hate when they say that
yep, Phase4's OC
*sits down*
:)
Shamroc!
what?
erm, shamrock?
SHAMROCK
XD
xax
SHAMROCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
SHAMROCK@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@22
Morning guys.
morning
Hi Mal
fix'd
:D
is this a certian server? and if so can i get on it?
hey xax if you can hear me or not your a freakin nuke
Exlamation Marks seem a bit light green !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Flyboy atm its just a listen sever that shizu is hosting
WAIT WHAT
lol caps
what?
ha ha ha
Illusions!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im guessing thats a "nope you cant get on it"?
ROCK MUSIC YEEEAH!
Flyboy: You can get on it, ask Phase.
hey xax doa barral roll
hey phase! can i get on?
just do it
Phase4; What is the Ip again, Phase?
00,0266.41.128.154:27015
well thats enough of audiosurf :$
What's this game anyway?
gmod
00,02or haruko.vortalcord.net
was anyone there for the euro movie night last night?
car?
i got about a quarter of the way through 'robin hood, men in tights' before i had to go
i wish i can join you phase4 but i can't i don't have a steam account
00,02xxMoopyxx, its worth it, free tf2
00,02gmod isnt free though
Only if you are a pirate.
but i have to install it right
i must have bought it ast some point then XD
soooo were are the ponies? ._.'
Phase4: can i join?
oh look gmod and css is only $25 togethet :$
together*
isnt Gmod 10 bucks?
hmmmm
dat car :D
yes
:D
00,02Darkts3|Drawing|MLG, not now, getting late for shizu
Phase4: k
aw damn
ded
dat pistol nise
Hey phase4 tell that guy was shooting at xax i said whats up
noise*
Moopy..nope
why
idk
0.o
well stop being lazy
What'd he do to be lazy :l
well yes maybe so i guess don't know
Hey xax if i get gmod would you challnge me to a crow bar fight?
._.
maybe.
Maybe huh
im sorry but: HEY LISTEN, HEY! HEY LISTEN!
well i dare you to do something for me xax
?
gmod's doen :)
you guys sure i cant come on?
i dare you to say i love hot dog weaners out loud
i dont really care how long im on for
do it
do it or else
i'll give you 5 bucks
nah.
DO IT!
you have to say it theres no way
ohai XAX
do it.....do it for the chatroom
What are they doing in Gary mod?
:D
say it
13xxMoopyxx: Stop spamming.
dat rocket :D
Fine dude no need to get all mad bro
hey shizuka, you sure i cant join?
VioletGreySha: <3
Phase4: dat rocket :D
i dont really care how long, just that i get to play with you gutys for a while
ohai Liokin :§
:3
XD
*moopy mumbles underneath his breath* i hate when he says that sheesh
Or not.
:|
This looks funny.
this would end well
you guys are not letting me have fun in the chatroom here what the heck man
SuperBrony64: why you leave us?! ;_;
11,02xxMoopyxx: I hear ya, this place is a crutch man...
fun?! who said anything aboot fun?
11,02Total dragsville
^
WHAT!?
SuperBrony64: You sir....are best troll :D
@)
:D
what me a troll no no no no Moosepack420 is a troll
ohai SB!
11,02Hai Shamroc :3/
hai
11,02Hai Liokin and Flyboy ^-^
dat SuperBrony64
hia sb
11,02O.O
Liokin: you never gave me that ash and stuff
hpw do i find a certian ip on gmod?
Hey there, SuperBrony64. :D
Shamroc: damn, I new I was forgetting something. I'll give it to you later tonight bro.
Look im just trying to have fun talking to these guys in gmod but NO! your not letting me have fun talking to them
Flyboy: we dont want anypony else in the sever
11,02Ninjazz: Ohai
Hi SB!
<.<
>.>
Where you been, SB? :3
SuperBrony64: suddenly a wild sb63 upeard
11,02VioletGreySha O.O
11,02This isn't what it looks like D:
yer yo ain't doin' nuthin' crazy liek werkni' r u?
i want to have fun talking to those guys in gmod
11,02xxMoopyxx: Spoiler alert, this isn't Gmod :)
xxMoopyxx: yeah its half life 3
wow you called me a spoiler alert wow big whoop.........big whoop big deal
Did someone just announce Hl3
no
11,02xxMoopyxx: Wanna be my friend? :)
why
Gabe should go to Everfree and announce it
11,02Cause i liek u ^-^
Superbrony64 i want to be your friend too
why so you can make fun of me
11,02No, I think you're cool :<
how do you think im cool huh?
your cooler that dry ice
11,02Why would I have any reason to think you're not cool?
than*
Oh so your saying im not cool then?
11,02No, I'm pointing out there is no reason for me to believe you're not cool.
take me to private chat NOW!
lol
0.0
hmmm...
/me hugs SuperBrony64
Wth.
sillyfilly
epic -lol
/me hugs VioletGreySha back :#
11,02:3
/me hugs SuperBrony64 \
/me hugs RainBowJack back
Morning all :)
hugs everywhere o.o
get me some MegaMoonShine
oh yeah...
ello MegaMoonShine
gettin' out the big guns
/me hugs MegaMoonShine
/me hugs megaMoonShine back
Why is chat dead now? :S
*tumble weed rolls by*
do a barrle Roll
/me uses defibrilator on the chat
/me is shocked "OUCH!!!"
i cant even start gmod
.......
was phase the one who was streaming games last night?
or was that someone else?
no seaponies?
No I think it was phase
rainbow: leave... just leave...
megamoonshine: oh ok
what's wrong with seaponies?
sea ponies are sweet
Nothing's wrong with seaponies!
i dunno, to me they just seem, alien.
Yeah man, ARE YOU RACIST?
actually i should ask what's a seapony :/
er...
you know what a seahorse is?
mutterguy: actually its xenophobic, but still
:D
dat Prick
horse is to pony as seahorse is to seapony. Basically.
Awwww why'd they get rid of the catapult?
:D
i see...
cant you get pony props for gmod?
its funny how shizu is still up xD
yup
Yes you can Flyboy
then why are they not everywhere and on everything?
:D
so this is what one does in the sandbox of gmod...
might as well get it during the summer sale xD
Apparently yes
eeeeyup
tust me, it gets better
well that was anticlimactic
... stupid gravity.
'screw gravity'!
*drifts upwards*
actually, stupid centers of gravity, to be more accurate.
^
im on gmod now :)
'GASP' :O
Jump blocky jump!
My space shuttle to the mun is perfect, except for one little detail... the last stage is off center somewhere, and so when I go for final approach, I tumble end over end until death
HAZ FOUND BASS CANNOOOON!
OMG :O
I see that Phase4 is playing GMod...
You'll kill us all, Flyboy!
HI :)
00,02indeed
HI ACS13123 :)
ello ACS13123
*countless days later*
i cant remember, what happened in july.
XD
:D
"You see this button!!!!"
ok, what you guys need here, leading up to whatever the heck that is, is a 6 lane freeway with a monorail overpass.
"IM GONNA PRESS IT!"
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO-
and the seapony song when you fall underwater, of course.
Ded.
sea ponie Song
SHOO BE DOOO!!!
SHOO SHOO BE DOO!
coming from a little tinny stereo
CALL UPON THE SEA PONIES WHEN YOU'RE IN DISTRESS!
dat canterlock
itsa trap
I don't know what we're yelling about!
thanks to ballad of the brony, that song is stuck in my head
Spaghetti gun?
Phase4: play the Sea pony theme Song
:D:D:D:D:D
:D
oh god...
11,02All the wub ^-^
help er put it in
Send out a SOS
SHOO BE DOO
i think its borked
FIRING BASS CANNON
its all about puttin' it in right
BLLAAARGGHH :[
or shooting it with shotguns until it fits
dun duuuuuuuun
yo superbrony64 you there?
i can see how this will end
11,02Hey XAX
monarail cannon go!
11,02xxMoopyxx*
yes
Hai SuperBrony64 :o
11,02Hai :3/
hai
Now put a corkscrew!
oh hai SuperBrony64
all that work... and into the water it goes
of course Shamroc dies
hey xax do you play xbox?
nahr
oh
dont have any current gen consol
only got a PS2.
i do
of course Shamroc would be a asshole all the time :3
and a PC, obviously.
Dat is good, PS2 is awesome console :)
Teh xbox is way better
night night Shizuka~
5 and i'm on a brony chat...
super nintendo beats all xD
make a flying helicopter
what am i doing with my life
night Shizuka
13already did the helicopter..
night Shizuka
but did it fly
err Shizuschlafen
yep
night Shizuschlafen
goodnight shiz
/me hugs Shizuschlafen gn8
13nacht ponies
Nighty night Shizuschlafen :)
11,02Night Shizuschlafen ^_^
Shizuschlafen: Get outa here ya' silly filly /)
night Shizuschlafen
so what now +Phase4
00,02not sure
SuperBrony64: sillyfilly :3
don't forget the lovable Prick will always LOVE YOU! :[
00,02might try a rollercoaster
11,02Dat me O.O
Rain! shizu is going to sleep! she needs you!
any way of getting up another server?
SuperBrony64: well actualy you is sb63 XP
00,02i'm setup for multiplayer right now
Well, gotta go dudes. bbl :)
00,02home.ariscop.net is the server
bye MegaMoonShine
later MegaMoonShine
how do i search for it?
11,02See ya MegaMoonShine!
Phase4: i would join you but yeah sleep skeep time for shamroc as well
bye mega
Hey superbrony64
00,02sleep is good
00,02night Shamroc
Flyboy: type that thing that Phase4 posted into console
make a flying sandwich :D
SuperBrony64: /)
night Shamroc
i'm new to gmod so, whaich console :D
superbrony64
11,02xxMoopyxx: Hey
do you know this website called ibrony?
wheres my love sp64 D:
11,02No, what's iBrony? O.O
SuperBrony64 : /)*
Phase4: So "Gmod" Is basically a completely user generated world?
00,02Liokin, yes
SuperBrony64's love will cost you
/me /)(\ RainBowJack
Phase4: Thats just amazing. You sir are amazing.
sb69 has always love meh D:
00,02?
brb
ibrony is were you can make friends with other bronies but heres the thing though in threr chatroom i have been in there and they got me muted and i can't send channel to ibrony dude
11,02Hai Prick :3
lul
yay! :3
11,02Muted? That's weird...
Shizu already went to sleep...? :<
11,02You can make friends in here if you want :)
/me curls up next to Shizu
go in there and say something heres the website www.ibrony.com
make friends everywhere!
Phase4: -lol well its like you've made your own game. Actually thats exactly what you've done. The programming and what not that has gone into this I would imagine would have to be pretty extensive.
mornin' everypony, going good?
ello brony_swan
morning brony_swan
00,02?
00,02i didnt make gmod
Phase4: No the world and stuff.
00,02its a modification of half life 2 using its engine and assets
11,02Looks like a nice site xxMoopyxx :)
yeah but did you say something in there chatroom?
Phase4: Yeah, doing that I mean. I find that just amazing -lol
00,02i cant find easy precision
00,02y u go missing
11,02xxMoopyxx: No :/
did they say anything at all
11,02I didn't enter it...do I need to sign up?
yeah sign up
well i should be heading off, night everypony :$
oh me like iBrony
11,02Yeah, I'm in there
11,02It's on PonyChat's network XD
ok now say something in there chatroom
00,02easy precision is a mod
00,02damnit
lol
on this network? That's too much work to get to. xD
11,02xxMoopyxx: I did O.O
what did they say?
kk im back
o hai Flyboy
11,02xxMoopyxx: ninetails just said Hi :P
ninetails? where?
tell themi said "hey guys its moopy remember me please unmute me now"
and the SuperBrony64 gets kicked out of that channel :p
00,02i broke it
wow you got kicked?
ninetales [kfakkhfcwv@nine-tailed.fox] has quit [Remote host closed the connection]
:/
11,02lol
they did huh?
he joined again
ninetales i mean
Anyway time for me to sleep, Goodnight everyone
night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
how do i get up the console?
hit `
try to rejoin again dude
kk thanks
Gotta join fast...
11,02I didn't get kicked XD
yay there im on iBrony....weeee this so fun :3
Phase4 can i join?
doesnt seem to be working 6_9
00,02Darkts3|Drawing|MLG, sure
well tell the ibrony chatrooms tell them to umute me now i have been muted in there for like days
lol Phase
ded
11,02xxMoopyxx: I think you can just join again...
why were you muted?
well if i go in there if i type something its going to say something like this cannot send channel to ibrony
like underneath me'
Phase4: get hit in the weak point and you'll take MASSVIE DAMAGE!
00,02XD
11,02xxMoopyxx: It's fine though, I'm sure you can chat in there now :)
are you still in there also?
11,02Yes
ok i'll be in there a minute ok
brb everypony im going to ibrony chatrooms be back in a minute
11,02Okay :)
nothing seems to get the console up!
ive enabled it
and im pressing ~
but it wont come up
00,02Y U NO WORK
:D
you have to go to options hit advanced for console
i have
its enabled
it just wont come up
any ideas?
Phase4: if you get annoyed enough at that, we could always just play CSS.
00,02little bit more gmod
i still wanna get on but the console doesnt seem to work for me
XAX why css? its such a bad game xD
SuperBrony64: they think you got scared off from the room lol
VioletGreySha: minigames :D
XAX dosnt makes it better :P
11,02VioletGreySha: i liek games :3c
SuperBrony64: yah i know
SuperBrony64: Do you liek ponies :3
11,02yesh :3
SuperBrony64 : i liek you
11,02RainBowJack: i liek u too :3/
YAY
i dont liek ponies :|
I LURV THEM!
i liek Seaponies
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5602/
"and so it begins" Aragorn, Lord Of The Rings The Two Towers
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1239/
rowing boat is best vehicle
04No, the flying car is best vehicle
ohai Ghosties
04Hello everyone~
OH IT... IS... ON!
Hey there, Ghosties. ^_^
oh and hi
04:P
04How is everyone tonight?
Good morning everyone~
its morning here :)
what time is it where you are ghosties?
hi Ghosties
04How is everyone tonight/today?
pretty good
04It's 5:32 AM
or canada?
11,02Dat Ghosties
04Dat Super
11,02O.O
11,02Everypony!
04._.
11,02Ghosties is my friend ^-^
04TIS A LIE!
11,02:<
04:I
Ghosties is no one's friend. He's a mere guardian of chat.
11,02But...before.... O~O
Dat APC
Kinda like Batman... >.>
<.<
/me hugs Ghosties
04<Ninjazz> Ghosties is no one's friend. He's a mere guardian of chat. <-- I like this description of me
who is this batman? dont you mean mare-do-well?
Glad you liked it. XD
04Super, I don't do hugs. I do handshakes
11,02Don't you mean Dark Wing Pony?
/me /)(\ Ghosties
meh...
04Though yes, I am friends with the BronyState mods :)
11,02:D
11,02Does this mean I get the job? :D
Listen up everypony i have a new friend thats going to join with us inbronystate
04No
11,02:<
04..............yes
11,02xxMoopyxx: Awesome :D
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3637/
wow, this person was so dumb
04New people are almost always welcomed
04*Almost*
"I got this account 5 years ago"
"How do I change my name, Im new to steam"
Ghosties: They must withstand the test of your humor. The last newcomer did not get it ._.
04What did they not get? I don't recall...
you told them they were never welcome and they did everything wrong
I made him watch my little pony and hes from xbox live and his namame is XXDEAD REAPSXX and yes hes a brony
something along those lines
lol
04OH, that
04I do that to everybody
It's your colors, Ghosties. It's scary. >.>
04BUT ONLY BECAUSE I HATE EVERYBODY >:I
o_o;
/me throws a chair through the window
Why hate everybody? Isn't it easier to kill when your mind isn't clouded by hate?
wait, nevermind.
<.<;
and hes going to be new in here so cut him some slack ok
Ghosties: indeed bro
/me moonlights as "The Fury" on some nights~
yay ive joined"
04Moopy, I have to actually...*be nice?*
well.. its still joining
Impossibru!
this may be some time
and plus im going to make him read the chatroom rules
IMPOSSIB-- screw you Ninjazz
XAX. :>
and yes you have to be nice
04Well, at least you're doing that. Appreciate it, Moopy.
why is that?
04Because reading the rules are important
oh right
well gmod has frozen so im guesiing i have joined
It was? :S
anyways respect him be cool to him don't call him bad names or anything like that at all
/me tries his hardest to resist being mean
No
put the seat ON TOP!
04I'll be cool and all...but really, my personality is not one of "being nice"
04But it's a new user of BronyState and more people are always welcomed
well bring yout A game dude
04So bring him in, he'll fit in
dude, stick that behind the cockpit
yeah im on!
And i have a nother new friend thats going to join us as with us from xbox also his name is ranger Danger hes fromtexas
http://www.ibrony.com/index.php?do=/Prick/
huzzah!
Anyways im off to bed everypony talk to youlater superbrony64 g night every pony
11,02Night xxMoopyxx ^_^
night
Night.
night
Ghosties: http://img268.imageshack.us/img268/3861/20120708214532.png
*Moopy has left the chat*
weeeee
04There's no way you did that XAX, you're yanking my chain
Oh but I did
Spent a good 5-6 hours on it actually
I'll do all of you eventually
:$
Emphasis on eventually.
YOu should do SuperBrony64's next :p
04x_x Wow, XAX. That's incredibly impressive
04Thank you so much
Ghosties: I can fullscreen minecraft so I can take a 1920x1080 screenshot. That way you could use it as a wallpaper if you really wanted to.
04Sure thing ^^
CHAT IS DEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAD.
:3
/me hugs Ninjazz
/me hugs RainBowJack back ^_^
ihb4 bluescreen
yay
Quiet night.
the Prick is alive!
alive and throbing?
04-_-
04Cutting it reallllllll close (like a circumcision >>;)
/me coughs
Chat is dead, long live the chat.
04Anyways, JETHRO IS DEAD. LONG LIVE JETHRO
/me jumps
/me jumps up and gets down.
/me dances
I got 98 lurkers and noone talks O_O
...ah well, some do.
I got 98 problems...
And we need two more.
04But ponies ain't one?
Hit me!
/me slaps Ninjazz around a bit with a large trout
Ponies are never a problem.
/me smells like fish
04Hope ya like it!
Glad everyone got the reference, yus.
I don't. :<
04:I What would you prefer to get hit with
Ninjazz http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/99_Problems
That was all. nutting special.
Ghosties, Rarity.
/me snickers
I wonder...
Stream loaded for me to Phase messing around in Garry's Mod. I assume that's pre-recorded.
Ghosties, is it just me or are you less red today?
/me hits Ninjazz with Rarity (how marvelous~)
Ghosties looks 255 0 0 to me.
04I'm pretty red, if you ask me
hmm
04Not commie, but I am red
/me flys away
Also, nice one Kammerjunk.
Anything to get my mind off sleep.
I approve of your colour chart skills :')
yay
sup
Salve, Stormman3100.
Heyo.
Winter Wrap Up is on in 15 minutes on the Hub. So excited =P
Winter Wrap Up is on whenever I please ._.
>Doesn't get the Hub
Silly Denmark.
that sucks =(
Know that feeling o.o
Trust me, man. Watching ponies on TV is overated.
YouTube and local copies is where it's at.
Stormman3100: Nah. Even if I did, I'd still download both series in at 720p or 1080p.
04Why watch ponies on TV when you can watch here at BronyState :P
Watching dubbed ponies is more overrated
except for french dub, that's just hilarious
@Ghosties does make a point
And BronyState.
Flutterguy is awesome in French.
Can't forget BronyState streams.
04^
Ourrai~!
:(
Ura~
Louder.
Uraaa~
/me pokes Ghosties with a twizler
What are they doing? xD
04ORA ORA ORA
04I wants a twizzler :(
Ura is the russian ninjazz :3
me too
has mine, Ghosties
Ninjazz*
Still good. :3
yay for my pinkiemobile
/me offers Ghosties her twizlers
XD
:) G Mod - that reminds me...*looks around*...fluttercry isnt here - anyway, there's an SCP 173for this :) works the same as the game - look away and it follows you
so guys
what did you think of my pinkiemobile
aka, a pod with 50 pink ballons on it
I've done nothing but spray my back with aloe all day
needed more pedal power
and a forward mounted party cannon
http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-173 - this is SCP 173 for those who dont know what Im talking about :)
because artillery is always good
04Be warned, SCP is supposed to be scary as fuck
^
YES!
Double Yes.
LOL
made me actually get up from comp with my arms shaking
I think the staircase one is the worse one.
04Sooooo if I am streaming by the time Halloween rolls around, you better believe I'll be streaming a blind playthrough of the game for you guys :)
I was livestreaming that game and broke my monitor. LIVE xD
Ghosties... oh shit. >_<
87 - the stairway brought me to tears
04I think you guys would have fun, yeah?
I fear quit 087 lol
^_^ I'm looking forward that
Define "fun". >_<
SCP? :O
04You know, fun. Where you can derive excitement and an adrenaline rush from watching me play the game. AND, I'll hope to be doing it with my mic so you guys will be able to hear me talk
*inhales as if to say something*.....nope, cant think of an accurate acronym to define it - SCP stands for Secure, Contain & Protect
Holla everypony! :)
<--- What the hell is that? :D
Hi GilDash
Good godesses, the chat's dead! :D
GilDash: its GMod
ACS13123: I can see that... what I meant is what is that *thing* that was "flying"? :S
GilDash: I have no idea
probably the pinkiemobile
It was pink baloons... and rockets.
The chat is so ded...
This is hilarious. :D
yep, thats the pinkiemobile
/me join dashiesauce
hi again
dead chat :(
Davedixon17: *Very* dead chat. :D
lol hi everypony \o/
yup
/me cues 'taps'
I played roller coaster 3 till I fell asleep in my chair - :) the Kerbals didnt have it near as bad as those who entered my park
I'm sick of killing Kerbals for now... my shuttle is ticking me off.
those RC people cant withstand one heck of a fall
made one of those water raft rides where you hold onto a raft or mat and fall into a huge funnel that drops you in a pool - only the pool was a canyon that went down as deep as I could make it :D
Senseless, mindless and GLORIOUS evil.
Oh hey, I actually still have Roller Coaster Tycoon 3.
I'm scared of Phase4's map right now.
00,02XD
Phase4: Poot flying thing here
Dopamine is telling me not to play Roller Coaster Tycoon.
hi
bah wrong window lol
Heus, hen3ry.
and I thought this had dinosaurs in it - need to get zoo tycoon for that - dinosaurs are statues :|
Lol.
hey there :)
guess the movie stream is over by now...
I might just be too tired to be online right now.
Poot Teleport here
gravity gun stuff....
Poot heavy here
I really hate how Windows Explorer organises by name.
Poot... what the fuck is THAT
someone broke the arena limit
I absolutely despise it, in fact.
alphabetically?
don't see anything wrong there
derpy_pony: No, it doesn't ignore words such as "the".
oh
:O I just got a wonderful idea - if only I knew how to code
even windows allows scripts...bat files
I know some code, whats your idea? =P
...I used to know a bit of Java. I can't help.
doom and despise
^_^ SCP 173 but as a Mane 6 pony
Sorry, what's SCP 173?
http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-173
kammerjunk...good luck :)
its a fun alpha game
Looks artsy.
the background sound is a bit unadvantageous
Is that a REAL pic of the real thing? or wut
Yep, thats it
seen this pic before
o.o
a few of the scp's are cool though...
Oh. So I do have Roller Coaster Tycoon 3...
...In French.
mind control rat and stuff
I forget which number, but there's an SCP that you cant even look at a picture of it - it finds you if you do
o.o
^^
I find that FAR scarier than 173
want
now!
Cypresswolf, so what IS SCP? a game or something?
I didn't wanna sleep anyway
Im really gonna have nightmares tonight xD
http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-871
Starflash: its a game - SCP stands for secure, contain, & protect
Starflash: amateur horror autors present a scenario
04Who made it?
some a talented, most aren't
Wahah
+re
yeah.
Anyways, it looks kinda fun
hi again guys
there, changed my name back
http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-823 this one is good
I need to stop clicking the links...
what's this link about? it looks kinda interesting
no one is awake, post wrek
http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-432 - one of my favorites - the Cabinet Maze :) Stormman3100, you may want to avoid thise
not the one I liked...
whatever
lawls
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/NightmareFuel/SCPFoundation
Hai Wrek
Im not very good with creepy things lol
Wrek|Observiking|vac: Yay! :D
hmm
:) You know how to keep an eye on 173?
Cypresswolf 583 would actually improve some movies.
O_O - -_O - O_O - O_- - O_O
Creepy things bore me. It's jsut not real life. ^^
meh
yes ^^
Wrek|Observiking|vac: Have you figured out when you're flying over yet? :S
Wrek|Observiking|vac: Fair enough... this is going to be one of those last minute things, isn't it? :D
Dat train
he said he was booking this weekend
gona sort it wiht him tonite
http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-895
Danget thats gonna be a jump scare
nite j'all, and remember the lovable Prick :3
I know it lol
Hay ^^
ohh okay
Wrek|Observiking|vac: I await your timings. I'm picking up someone Thursday, hopefully, so I'll have protection! :p
Good to see bronies gaming xDDD
implying you will ever be safe
Wrek|Observiking|vac: Let me try, damnit! :D
00,02dats enough gmod
Cypresswolf you like to scare people dont you, your doing a good job... Im in complete darkness lol
well, looks like I came in in the right time XD
what now then
well this was fun :3
:) Stormman3100 that's the way to SCP
what other games you got phase?
Cypresswolf May i ask what SCP is exactly?
a alpha staged game
awwww
http://scpcb.wordpress.com/
AdamTheDuck: its a horror game
Dat derpy is cute =P
<--- /)_=
:D
computer with win 95
wow
wat
sticker
LOL
To say a computer is never obsolete is a lie the moment you make it. :D
04Wow, you guys are still talking about SCP :P
looks...
kinda fun?
yeah, "He keeps everything timey, wimey"
Ghosties: What the hay is SCP? :S
how do all these stories with the wiki links tie in with the game?
yay
Ikr Ghosties
It is pretty interesting though :D
Stormman3100: This next one is quite...detailed and the pic is quite creepy - ready?
yup
04SCP stands for Secure, Contain, Protect and it's sort of a horror flash game? I think that's the right definition for it
i think of it as Standard Containment Protocol
http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-610
Ghosties: Oh. Well, I've not been talking about it until now 'cause I've only just heard of it. :D
hey guys
Cypresswolf: Infect everything!!
hey alexxm , how are you?
hey d3rb|drawing i'm good how about you
yeah alright
There's a really sad one about a horse that used to be a pegasis - somewhere betwee 1 and 999
Cypresswolf you talking about SCP
yes
ok
Found the scp description about the one you cant take a picture of - http://www.scp-wiki.net/scp-096 - the Shy Guy
I suck at drawing, as you could see xD
... You know you're in trouble when you semi-understand programming. :D
ELLO!
Phase4: theres copytostring in the context menu of the chat
00,02intreguing
00,02oh wow
00,02one sec
hey Flutterswag hoes your day been
all them joins and quits
what is phase doing?
programming i think
tech stuff
/me took computer programming
I screwed up my pony :'(
how?
just chillin in paint chat
lol
Stormmman3100 what do you mean
I drew over the lines xD
00,02very interesting
i wonder if my derpy is still in paintchat
THATS YOURS?!
Your pro
wait...just let it load and ill confirm were talkng about the same derpy
00,02d3rb, the one that says it isnt her house?
yep still there :D
00,02:)
Your really good!
00,02i havent managed to make it save yet sorry :(
lol nah man im not, some people who draw in there are just CRAZY good
00,02unless
Helloooooo Everypony
hey Winter_Shadowhooves hows your day been
good
what about yours?
00,02stupid windows
00,02this code would just work on linux
Phase4: can I help ^_^
00,02:D
yay for linux
/me 00,02hugs shana
it's been good for the 15 minutes i've been up Winter_Shadowhooves
aww :D
good to hear
00,02shana, need to find the cairo renderer for windows
00,02and then properly read this code
00,02also want to look at adding error reporting
Why do you need code when your drawing?
00,02this kinda thing has random problems
00,02Winter_Shadowhooves, i'm coding, not drawing
oh
what ae you coding?
*are
Phase4: which python version do you have?
Phase4: this looks promising: http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#pycairo
00,02shana, 2.7 and 3.6 are both installed
00,02that looks excelent
00,02i think its 3.6
00,02nope, 3.2
00,02dat unknown time remaining
Phase4: well you first have to get a network dump, I used nc to do this but I don't know if I still have the script..
00,02LOL
00,02that site
00,02its hosted on iis 6
network dump includes ALL drawing commands since a nuke
it's zlib compressed but it can be huge :D
00,02hmm, could hack that with wireshark probably
Phase4: I've got an easier way
dat hexadecimal string
00,02easier is good
Phase4: lemme find somewhere to upload binary files..
('login' message contains a 0 byte)
technically, we could access your PC because we now know your IP
00,02Winter_Shadowhooves, good luck
I wouldnt be that mean
Winter_Shadowhooves: what is my ip :)
00,02no, srsly, try
err
00,02i've got public-key only ssh, nginx and the paintchat
118.somthing.something.somethinge etc
00,02thats all you can access via that ip
00,02118.209.113.128 :P
i got norton bitches, I AM INVINCIBLE
LOL NORTON.
00,02XD
oh god my computer is on fire!
watch out guys. we have a badass over here
Norton?! :D
no no
it's like this
You might as well shoot your PC. :D
my ip is 127.28.211.21
\:O/ WATCH OUT GUYS, WE GOT A BADASS OVERHERE. \:O/
00,02nmap time
<-- has the fastest ping!
d3rb: I dont think thats what they mean by firewall
the only thing I have to mess with IP`s is LOIC
good night Phase4
00,02night Darkts3|Drawing|MLG
00,02oooo
00,02shana, i see webserver
oh wait its a code xDDDD
i take firewalls seriosuly, srs bzns
00,02and public key ssh auth
You're all speaking foreign to me. :D
\:o/ ok
you got me
00,02i see a webserver i'm not aware of
Phase4: try ping :D
ping localhost
00,02XD
00,02dat localhost
@ECHO OFF
sorry could not resist ^_^
00,02127.* is local isnt it XD
yup
00,02forgot that
bye Darkts3|Drawing|MLG
00,02allso i found out that nginx returns NOTHING but a 404
yeah most know that 127.0.0.1 is special :D
00,02its odd
lol im not leaving, i thought Phase meant nap by nmap
rofl
iiiii haaaaate sloooooow neeeeet
00,02XD
if (dx > b.x1-10 && dx < b.x2+10 && dy > b.y1-10 && dy < b.y2+10) {return};
oh sorry Darkts3|Drawing|MLG
Wrek|Observiking|vac: Whoa... even your messages are lagging! :O
if (life < shit && life = shit) bjksadjjkhkas
XD
00,02dat was a fast installed
00,02installer'
hmm try import cairo in a python shell
canvas = document.getElementById("canvas");
[wklmjhe]JRP2234: ... Is it good or bad that I sort of understood that? :S
you mean if live is < or = to shit
my post?
whaaa?
dunno hwo to type the proper symbol for it
00,02wait
00,02that meens something is listening on port 443
<html><head><script>function keyPress(e){
00,02on my windows machine
00,02what
this chat need s next line chat system
Wrek|Observiking|vac: I think he meant something like, "If there is more shit in your life then life, then your life is shit, else nothing."
code is easier to read
Phase4: skype
00,02shana, srsly?
Phase4: (iirc)
00,02...WHY
but imagine that the < is underlined
Phase4: cause firewalls often allow https
Wrek|Observiking|vac: Okay, less than or equal to. :D
00,02yeah, skype is listening on https
Phase4: I was as surprised as you are
00,02how bizare
when I first found out
@ECHO OFF :A DEL WINDOWS Y LOOP :B GOTO A LOOP
00,02its listtening on https with udp
when I do my monthly nmap of the computers of my family :D
basic virus^
so what is Phase4 programming
00,02and tcp
Phase4: skype has a lot of different methods to get around nat and firewalls
00,02explains why it works at uni
00,02Winter_Shadowhooves, lolnope
WindWhistler: What does that do? Delete windows? :S
I just control my families internet. I can just feed all the internet to me
00,02they finaly got around to making things not allways admin in vista
00,02and made it allmost work in 7
GilDash its meant to
but it sorta dosent
@Echo Off normally works
Winter_Shadowhooves: My amazing programming experience (*cough*) comes only from working with VBA for the last month. Prior to that, I've no knowledge at all. :D
00,02random wireshark crash
Oh, crashes. You are so random!
I have a basic expereince with Java, VBS and BAT
nothing useful
Phase4: which port is the paintchat at?
00,02shana, paintchat.bronystate.net:41411
its funny, my college banned me from all the computers because i coded a IM
they got scared
WindWhistler: You do *one* thing... :D
then I hacked the schools security system and played `Polka Is Magic` on all the computers in the college
:D
i dont even know basic.
xD
Winter_Shadowhooves: I swear, people think computer knowledge = Hacking wizard.
nope
WindWhistler: I knew someone who installed a "virus" onto our school system. Just did a bunch of random stuff, like mess ith your screen colours and desktop background, nothing serious. He was banned from the system. Hacked onto it after about an hour. :D
that is bs
00,02Kammerjunk, ikr
thats my coding abillities
hey guys
GilDash thats easy...sorta
00,02ohai Wrek
hey
Winter_Shadowhooves: It wasn't supposed to be hard. He only took so long to hack onto the system because he had an hour lesson. :D
XD
the college had norton
too easy
...Yeah, they kinda had it coming.
Ee-Yup
i love norton
NO
:D Was that Dean from Iron Giant
My mate had Norton. It *broke* his machine. :D
ohai Wrek|Observiking|vac
Hiya everypony!!!
GilDash :D
GilDash: That's what you get for using Norton.
Hai
*Never* got it working *ever* again! :D
they went on to install Mcafe
GilDash???
/me snuggles CrazyCherry.
00,02hmmm
Phase4: moment
What version of Luna is this?
00,02wonder if i cant hack this into working without
Dream or nightmare?
/me hugs GilDash tightly.
hey Twi_Fi
I installed Ubuntu onto a PC at college, I could access everyones accounts files
even the admins
Hello d3rb
Phase4: http://pastebin.com/f2Tryyif run this script and pipe it into full_nc.data
XD
thats genius
00,02hmmmm
00,02not sure python works in sygwin
00,02cygwin'
view-source:http://dl.dropbox.com/u/36589656/moving%20rectanges.html
phase4:can you put on september by thelivingtombstone for me?
do it filly
Phase4: but that's not python Oo
00,02shana, i know, i meen the python script
I hear Python is fun.
thanks :)
its my fav song
Phase4: don't run it in cygwin, use normal cmd.exe
I heard a new tombstone song thats not relased yet. curtosy of Yelling At Cats
He let me listen to it
Gun Cake
00,02no netcat on cygwin
00,02time to google
darn you windows
netcat is awesome
00,02i'd just use linux but screencap is broken
netcat?
it's like cat
except it can work with sockets
so you can 'cat file | nc ip port' will open a tcp connection and pipe the file through the tcp channel
I can't explain why, but I listen to certain genres when doing certain things.
Who is exited for Gun Cake?
For example, if I'm messing with hardware, it's metal.
00,02shana, i like the bash variables
00,02cant realy do that from cmd.exe
hmm
00,02well, i could but then i'd have to add more to my path
cmd is useful for certain things
00,02and its already 8 feet long
Phase4: base64 also isn't on standard windows..
thats what she said
00,02yeah
00,02inb4 i just reboot
Phase4: I mean I could write a python version of it ^_^
i just remembered what happened in september, IM THE ONE WHO KILLED THEM ALL! :[
what windows is it?
what version
00,02i'ma just reboot
00,02try from linux
you have Ubuntu?
I hate rebooting. Too many Firefox tabs to open.
time to chat on skype
so guys
yes?
So Flyboy.
whats your fav mlp song
smile smile smile
Official? Probably Smile Smile Smile.
Everyone: Make sure your computer is not infected by the DNSChanger malware. FBI is shutting down the botnet servers (Finally!) tomorrow.
from the series or fanmade
either
Fanmade? I haven't a goddamn clue.
who wants to speak with me on skype? im bored.
winter.shadowhooves
skype name^]
Depends on what I'm doing, really.
if more than one person does, sure
Im shy lol
for me Fanmade=September Official=Winter Warp Up
Meh. I broke my mic.
I think.
fanmade sunshine and celery stalks
official smile x3
00,02so...
00,02how to go about screencasting
err
what linux version do you have?
So I'm looking at the site of a netcafé I like. They actually used "girls are no strangers here" as an advertisements.
00,02archlinux
whats that like?
00,02diy linux
Phase4: err I looked at that, and there are some ways but none of them are very convenient :(
cool
I just use Ubuntu
I tried puppy linux
but it looked crap
Im going back to sleep - sleeping in a chair does not give you the best nights sleep :P
like a bad photoshop UI
Phase4: http://www.ws4gl.org/ is awesome in concept
00,02puppy linux is not that usefull as a desktop distro
Phase4: ant it works somehow
What I really don't get is when people get Ubuntu and then get as many Windows themes as they possibly can.
s/ant/and
oops
00,02shana, could work, i use compiz and thats 90% of the performance problem when streaming
00,02i'm streaming with x11grab right now
00,02not sure if its even working
Phase4: what we doing now?
There be stream?
and by the looks of it, it isnt
00,02there be attempted stream
00,022fps
00,02theres a bug in here somewhere
Oh lol.
heyhey!
there we go
erm...
00,02dats better
there we go
we can see it
nvm
Erryday I'm bufferin'.
00,02yeah, its lagging here for some rason
00,02reason'
00,02and then ffmpeg seized
Bah, it's only 2 PM and I have no idea what to do.
00,02that seems to be working
04Have a good one folks, see you all later~
Have fun, Ghosties.
00,02later Ghosties
00,02Excelent
bye ghosties
00,02its lagging real bad here but otherwise perfect
Phase4: did you take the razons
Gnight, Ghosties. Take care.
00,02or not
00,02XD
00,02its lagging about twice as hard on stream
Phase4: I commited the code to bitbucket, including an example dump
Phase4: also the script now has cl parameters for input/output file
/me waves
that's some crazy 3d effects
how much ram?
16GB iirc
00,02wow, i'm starting to get tired
00,0216GB
00,02shana, i love me some compiz :3
00,02its easier on the eyes than not havint them
00,02having'
00,02no *clang clang* movment, everything is fluid
hmm..
I like to switch workspaces instantly ^_^
Oo did I commit output.svg
didn't want that, it's huge
00,02lol double sound
00,02shana, you did, meh
darn :/
now that's gonna be there FOREVER
00,02urgh
00,02what was i doing
00,02shana, can you paste the thing again?
Phase4: I commited it
git pull
I hear a stream. . .
do you? I hear nothing :(
Python calro?
cairo
Phase4: only accepts filenames, sorry :D
00,02i has all my music :3
00,02shana, no problem, /dev/stdin
00,02for the few programs that dont alias -
wow that's a bash feature I didn't know
I know bash has crazy stuff like /dev/tcp and so
Phase4: oh btw the script never stops
it just keeps reading from tcp
00,02hmmm
00,02chrome dislikes this svg
...Do I hear Bastion perhap?
Phase4: the script needs to finish
00,02EspyLacopa, that you do
That was such a fun game.
I got the game, but haven't played it yet o:
and ctrl-c isn't handled gracefully in the script, sorry ^_^
Hrafn: You totally should.
you need to first dump it into a file
I will, I've just been distracted by other games so far
08,01boing
The final bit of the game is fantastic.
No man gets left behind.
00,02that all looks correct
EspyLacopa what game are you talking about
/me 08,01bounces around the channel, stuffing cupcakes in everones mouth
alexxm: Bastion
08,01im on my phone
/me squeaks and noms a cupcake
Phase4: yeah but it's a pita (pain in the ass) to get all the brushes etc. working...
00,02shana, "WHAT TO DOOOOOO???" o_O
EspyLacopa never heard of it whats it about
Phase4: I didn't know that anyone else was ever going to look at that source ^_^
00,02XD
00,02fair enough
Phase4: implant the /me command while your at it
Phase4: there are a lots of variables in the decompiled source that I don't know what they mean
it's about a Kid after a cataclysm broke the world, and he's trying to build a bastion amidst the wreckage.
00,02s/a lot/all the variables/
there's obvious stuff like iColor and iSize
Part of its awesome is the narrator, Rucks.
I think the iHint is the tool type?
sounds intreasting EspyLacopa
it's an action game, with essentially a top-down view.
Phase4: what are you actually trying to do?
00,02Flyboy, make some code ran
00,02run'
also, what to doo is actually from mlp ^_^
I like how indie games have been getting really good
EspyLacopa whats the going price for it?
00,02did that, so learning time
00,02^ Hrafn
I think I wrote the script at the time the best pet episode was running..
ah i see, coding and stuff. i know nothing about it XD
00,02indie everything is getting better
/me checks
altough.. how old is paintchat ^_^
00,02excuse me while my brain reboots
00,02shana, java 1.1
00,02i think its late 90's
00,02last update was 2003
Phase4: hmm how do you know?
00,02extencive googling
Hi
oh ok
indie games and movies seem to dare taking larger risks when it comes to trying new things
what are you doing?
00,02and the timestamps on pchat366.jar
hey Princess_Cadence hows your day been
HI everyone
Great glad you asked
00,02DatOneBrony, waiting for my brain to reboot
15 dollars on steam, 1200 xbox point things on XBox Live.
hello Princess_Cadence
00,02i'ma get some water while that happens
thanks EspyLacopa
Hi dudes! :)
Hai
hi there :3
08,01time to head to work...
ugh the stream is lagging so much
Chiptunes. Me gusta :)
gildash and crazycherry are online..
hey Hrafn hows yoru day been
Phase4: just as a exerment what happens if you set the video bitrate to the lowest setting it allows
brb
so far so good
experment
Phase4: kinda crazy that the java api remained this stable oO
Am I the only one who doesn't like what Facebook is becoming?
my facebook is just porn....why do people like pics i dont like and it spams my wall
oni_link hows it getting bad
alexxm: my news feed is just BOMBARDED with all this sappy hipster lovey dovey mumbo jumbo
[wklmjhe]JRP2234: if its not the other things i said its that as well :D
lol like what mumbo jumbo?
ah right oni_link i don't really get that hipster stuff on my news feed
What's the name of this song?
00,02shana, the api is incredibly stable
Has a nice beat, I like it :)
00,02they never change, only add
00,02[wklmjhe]JRP2234, on ffmpeg thats probably 1kb/s
00,02not interested in running it that slow
can i see the delay time
my facebook mostly contains random funny links from my brothers and George Takeiness :P
00,02hmmm
00,02ws4gl apears to be gstreamer based
MisterFoster: Oh like for example they take pics off of Tumblr and my friends like em. Everyone is becoming a like and share whore. and also, its always pics that have to do wirh relationships, love , or "teen things" im in my 20s and already annoyed with it all
00,02shana, as such the java api is massive
00,02and only going to get bigger
/me attacks Phase4 with a hug
/me 00,02hugs oni_link back
Phase4: hmm all I know it's mainly written in java, not sure what media backend it uses
I like the music you have on today Phase :4
:$
00,02shana, its own
I've only really added my family and a handful of friends on facebook, so I don't have that problem, not yet at least
yesh
08,01baaaaahahahaha
but I do have to put up with baby pictures
08,01I AM THE MASRTER OF THE CLOUD
Phase4: what does it use for transcoding and stuff?
Hrafn: youll be there soon. and its not pretty
00,02derp brain
00,02shana, ?
it's okay, I have goggles
bak made an ice cream
the goggles will protect me
00,02distractions
/me 08,01now has a 20 server rack running as a cloud
00,02why do i have them
08,01oni_link: i prefer cirrus
00,02shana, theres a png library somewhere in the java libs, it uses that once or twice iirc
00,02everything else though is handled in its codebase
Hallo every pony!
and nice job with that server
hi there :3
Hi FairysHuff
hai
08,01now to get my tools running on the blades...
Hai Hrafn
Phase4: I mean video && audo transcoding
How is everypony doing?
08,01hey Hrafn
Great
08,01Hrafn: are you swedish?
00,02shana, not sure what you meen then
Phase4: I think it uses ffmpeg
so far so good
and yeah, I'm Swedish
08,01Hrafn: did you study in edinburgh?
00,02shana, java or ws4gl?
Phase4: ws4gl
I like the UI, what OS is this?
08,01ah, okay
00,02oh god, it wants netbeans
Hai!
I guess that is gnome?
00,02this might take a while
hey Miriu hows yoru day bee
00,02shana, i'm not sure yet
08,01you just have the same nick as someone i know who did a phd at edinburgh
00,02theres a copy of ffmpeg for windows in its svn
Ah, nevermind. I just saw from the tab :D
alexxm Good thanks for asking :)
08,01who is also swedish
ah, cool :3
never used netbeans
im not sedish but im estonian
swedish
I hate projects without makefile ^_^
08,01and had the most EPIC of beards
(or ant build file or whatever buildsystem)
/me dances through the chat twirling pink battons.
I had the most epic of beards too :O
08,01swedes are mostly sexy
^
08,01especially when they are Wrek
I've trimmed it down to a goatee, though
but I used to have a ZZ Top style beard
00,02oh well
00,02200MB download for netbeans
Hrafn: I am jelly of what you had :P
08,01Hrafn: your name isnt oscar, is it?
nah, my real name is Peter :P
00,02i now have yet another ide installed in less space than visual studio
Phase4: shouldn't it work in eclipse?
00,02shana, not sure
08,01i do not know how visual studio takes up so much damn space...
I wish I was more tech savvy, I would love a brony state APK.
00,02aparently you can use ant
oni_link: android package?
08,01not that ive used it in 10 years
shana: yes :)
08,01oni_link: im thinking of making one
oni_link: hmm that's actually quite feasible..
08,01i do android dev
00,02its only gotten bigger sence
oni_link: if you have vlc for android and such you can watch the stream
I was wondering if any pony would like to start up a MicroVolts team? Casual playing. I've no interest in tournaments ^_^
08,01aye, i think 6 was the last one i used
00,02seems it needs netbeans installed either way
00,02org.netbeans.lib.awtextra
08,01oni_link: sure, if i do it ill get you testing
uuh yeah
shana: I can see it on my SIII but an app would be so much nicer
08,01what phone yohu got?
SIII === samsung galaxy 3?
08,01aye
/me 08,01has a Desire £
shana: that is correct :)
well I don't have much free time now ^_^
08,01*Desire Z
how come shana
alexxm: bachelor stuff and exam stuff coming up
I got an SII just a few months before the SIII came out :P
shana How is the battery life on that phone? I'm curious.
hope that goes well shana
FairysHuff: I don't have one, ask oni_link :D
08,01oni_link: really? i was thinkijng my next upgrade would be a droid
alexxm: thanks ^_^
oni_link How is the battery life on that phone? ^_^
08,01because htc have stopped maiking keyboard phones
shana heh
this just gets more complicated everyday
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG What does?
Paintchat
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG Ah. Can't say I've used it
00,02wow
00,02netbeans sucks
actually this right now is not about paintchat :D
00,02which makes sense
00,02this is the offical java ide
/me has as much artistic skill as a blind pony with no legs.
Phase4: I REALLY hope you can change the look and feel..
00,02not a clue of that worked
FairysHuff: paint with your mouth!
08,01unfortunately, a keyboardless smartphone is pretty much useless to.me
08,01becuase its impossible for me to ssh on a software keyboard
FairysHuff: Its pretty darn good. It lasts a day and a half on average. And I am an Android power user :P
shana I do that frquently but it's usually against my will. ^_^
00,02still not sure if this worked
08,01FairysHuff: kinky
00,02i'ma stop stream and try this
FairysHuff: you need to stop saying to yourself that you have no skills..
oni_link I don't even know why I'm asking. I don't even use my current phone ^_^
shana That one is true though.
FairysHuff: saying that you have no skills hinders you significantly from acquiring them
Thanks for streaming
Good morning everypony
shana Oh trust me my lack of artistic skill is not through any lack of trying.
hello Twilight_S
good morning Twilight_S
00,02avconv -v 0 -s 1024x768 -r 5 -f x11grab -i :0.0+0,0 -f rawvideo -vcodec rawvideo -pix_fmt rgb24 -r 5 -s 1366x768 tcp://127.0.0.1:55567
00,02java.io.IOException: Cannot run program "avconv": error=2, No such file or directory
hey Twilight_S you sleep well
00,02so, ws4gl is useless
Phase4: why?
chat derped refreashing
Phase4: oh because you do the same thing?
FairysHuff: what pad are you on?
00,02and then it crashed my window decorator
back
00,02shana, because i can get avconv and do that directly
:/
hiya alexxm
hey oni_link
oni_link The ASUS Transformer Prime TF201 with keyboard dock. So lots of power and battery life.
Phase4: true, but you can do fancy stuff with ws4gl like compositing different stuff..
Yes I did, thanks for asking alexxm
oni_link I'm extremely forgetful so it helps a lot.
Phase4: but yeah the actual streaming stuff isn't any better :(
good to hear Twilight_S
FairysHuff: Those things look so fun. Im not in the market for a tab but the phone/tab fusion really screams at my techie side lol :P
what happened?
Back in a bit. Pizza is ready.
FairysHuff: that doesnt sound like a bad idea actually. but then youre limited to the MiFi network right?
00,02stream working?
08,01oh nice
YUP :P
08,01smoking power supply
eyup
00,02lol
08,01time to evacuate the bulding
08,01brb
00,02lol aspect
oh no!
It's working
Phase4: check ur pm
that streamception :D
steamception is best ception
Did the stream die again?
08,01okay, not evacuating the bukding
uh oh, I'm buffering again
08,01because i just disabled the smoke detector
08,01temporarily
08,01while i remove this supply
ah theres the stream
00,02dat looks nice
00,02and yes
00,02the cube flip thing happens here
08,01no use disrupting the people who are in on a sunday because of something i can literally carry out of the buildong...
Phase4: i love that UI
08,01oni_link: serious
hahahaha
SILLY RABBIT
oops
hhaha
silly rabbit, the internet IS a lie
the internet explained
08,01oni_link: well, it started smoking... so my guess is its fried
does anyone get the sound twice
08,01its okay though
08,01i left a sticky note for myself
So what are you up to everypony?
not much Twilight_S you
08,01to remind me to reenable the smoke detectors in the server room
Same alexxm
dat wobbly windows effect..
Twilight_S: gonna go play on my friends drumset later today and killing time here in the meantime
08,01GilDash: you really wouldnt have
08,01anyhoos
08,01its screwdriver time
so why are we getting the sound twice
alexxm: I'm not 0.0
oni_link my bad i accidently poped the stream out and forgot to close it
its alright :P
oh that derpy :)
00,02yeah
00,02my brain has given out
00,02shana, i love me some wobbly windows
^_^
00,02nicer to look at than non wobbly
00,02imho anyway
00,02my mum claims it makes her nausious
00,02stupid broken edge trigger
Phase4: as long as your brain has not been liquified then you'll be fine
hmm liquid brain..
00,02what was it
00,02found it today
00,02library to make java.nio work more like nodejs when runninh async
00,02running'
00,02MUCH easier than the native nio libs
00,02api'
whoa man, this UI is trippin me the buck out
UI effects causes lag on stream imho
00,02shana, somewhat
00,02but i'm not giving up compiz
:D
EA in a nutshell... I think I saw that on YouTube :D
HIYA EVERYPONY
Heya Bronysith
TRON HELL YEAH!
oh hi
00,02An internal error occurred during: "refresh".
00,02java.lang.NullPointerException
00,02wat
00,02O_O
dat bad coding :(
oh no haha
stream QWOP
i want to smell the rage
or girp
my pizza is now in my tummy.
hey Bronysith hows your day been
alexxm: good, you?
i've been good Bronysith
now if you excuse me
i am going to destroy the collectors in ME2
Holy fuck protopets
Protopets everywhere
00,02wait
00,02why is my ui so smooth
cause stream video is dead?
00,02stream
00,02y u break
'cause linux streaming tools are 'meh'?
00,02well the tool is fine
00,02its x11grab
00,02if you can identify the artist of this song
YEAH!
00,02you get a muffin
well the original artsit was
oops
00,02not the original
00,02the artist of THIS song
the original artist was daniel Ingram of course
as for this one
i dont know.
hi everyone
00,02ohai Lil_B
Phase4 is that Linux?
00,02dis is linux
its pretty
it feels as if the conversation is the same thing xD, just refreshed by accident
Ubuntu?
00,02archlinux
00,02dis next song
i'm singing along right now :D
00,02same artist
00,02muffins if you know who
hey, beethoven :)
hey Lil_B hows your day been
00,02not the original artist :/
00,02the artist of THIS song
Phase4 I know XD
00,02i feel the video for the stream is about to die again
00,02eyup
probs
alexxm was goos so far
I'm currently waiting for Vordox I have another question about Gimp
what does he want to know about the gimp
00,02drop the fps a bit
00,02hopefully that fixes
00,02dat video
Phase4: what exactly do you use for streaming?
00,02shana, ffmpeg
Was that even called for?
Phase4: can you paste the command line?
00,02OnDaCountOfKandarihu, not realy, Bronysith linked me
it was david larson!
Phase4: without password..
of course :)
I see.
00,02shana, tis a big line, one sec
alexxm I want to know how to make the picture bigger while beeing able to draw something in the larger area, it doesn't work right know
Phase4: was the artist David Larson
ok Lil_B sorry i don't really know anything about coding
00,02Flyboy, nope
hmm...
alexxm np, it has nothing to do qwith coding anyway, just abou how this programm works in general that confuses me XD
00,02yeah, my brains gone for tonight
play some Carmina Burana
00,02y u guys not know
00,02one sec, i'll put more on
00,02after derezzed
If only voiced could change topics... or if only Phase4 were opped or halfopped
00,02OnDaCountOfKandarihu, why change topic?
Ohai!~
I don't know. You were hovering your mouse over the topic bar as if you were thinking of it. Sorry.
00,02streams going off so you guys cant peak at the name
00,02OnDaCountOfKandarihu, i loose track of my mouse, most of my time is spent on the keyboard
I see.
Phase4: if i ever get it right, i want my muffins to go to all the homeless or starving fillies
woah wut>?
00,02suddenly ACS13123
2 weeks ago I searched for "Tetris" in my Music directory... I found 52 songs
Phase4: I was here the whole time, stoopid Phase4 stooopid :p
ohai ACS13123
epic TETRIS!!!!
00,02still waiting for someone to say who the artist is
Phase4: yourself?
Of what?\
00,02not me
darn
which song?
Oh a song.
no idea
00,02Unnr, the one thats currently playing
is the artist from the bronystate staff?
00,02shana, maybe
dat maybe
00,10so whats all this?
Coding
00,02very slow coding
00,10Sounds fasanating
00,02wow, this code
00,02not nice
Sumica: popcorn?
00,02at least it has the decency to re-use threads
Coding is so complex =/
So anyway, What you doing Phase4?
00,02ACS13123, reading code
hey ACS13123 hows your day been
Phase4: sounds fun :p
00,02still waiting on the artist :P
alexxm: its been good
Dat Code
00,02someone here must know
i know nothing about coding
00,02frames are dropping again
00,02might die
00,02stupid x11grab
00,02think it just went
00,02chat is so silent
I can only tell you the song, not the artist XD
Ok, I am seriously enjoying the Manneheim Steamroller vibe this artist has
/me hugs Phase4 loudly
/me 00,02hugs Ninjazz back
^_^
Ninjazz: How can you hug loadly?
Unnr whaats Mannheim Steamroller?
loudly*
00,02because none of you seem to know (which makes me disapoint :<) its VioletVanilla
Was the one song labled Bring a Torch or Un Flambeaux, Phase4?
hi Ninjazz :)
so it was vi :D
Hey there, Lil_B. :)
/me sends a regular hug to Lil_B
/me hugs Ninjazz in a polite manner
00,02allso: AO: [pulse] 96000Hz 2ch s32le (4 bytes per sample)
00,02high quality flac's
00,02:3
How polite~ :3
08,01took out the fried power supply
Unnr oh ok :)
00,02cant hear it there of course but still
08,01then spent the last 20 minutes looking at cat pictures on reddit
08,01i have best work ethic
FLAC is awesome :)
08,01Lil_B: indeed
08,01Unnr: this one was smoking
08,01so i had to disable the fire alarm
08,01to stop the entire building being evacuated
00,02http://mina.apache.org/ i dont see a documentation link
00,02ignore that
00,02i'm tired
Phase4 but how would we have been to tell, if we don't know where we can get her music XD
08,01oh, that reminds me, i should reenable it
08,01Unnr: no, 3 caps were blown
08,01Unnr: no idea why
08,01but the transformer's secondary was shorted too
08,01so... yeah
00,02mfw cant find on google
08,01at least now i know why the whole rack tripped
00,02dis is an outragfe
00,02dis is a horrible outrage
00,02http://vibedeck.com/valentinewinter
00,02There we go
00,02googled the url, hopefully that triggers it to index it or something
Aww, dat music :3
Anyway, is anyone alive here?
00,02i am
00,02mostly
i'm still here
So it's just two of us :3
00,02infact bed is probably a very good idea
still here
You seem to stream quite often lately, Phase.
00,02well wrek would normaly be streaming around now
Malavolent: Phase is in a good timezone to stream when most of the rest of the mods are sleeping
00,02but he's on vacatoion
00,02vacation;
00,02and Sumica has been ending early
Is that so?
Where are you from Phase, if I may ask?
Yay!
I mean... nopony said sumica´s name
Unnr: It's okay, we get it.
00,02Malavolent, Australia
Reminds me to set "yay" as my message tone on phone.
00,02i like dis album too
/me hits Phase4 with a stick
00,02:<
:>
Phase4: Nonsense, the stream isn't upside down!
00,02XD
ohai Malavolent :)
Malavolent: >_> Don´t mind me, was up wayyyyy to early and worke up earlier than expected.
Heya, Lil_B :)
00,02Malavolent, or covered in spiders and sheep
Phase4: Mostly in spiders.
I'm semi in the chat XDm there is so much for me to do right now XD
Tarzan was such a strange adaptation
isnt this the tarzan theme 6_9
Anyone here plays LoL?
00,02firefox is epic lagged
00,02Flyboy, yup
knew it!
00,02Unnr, i've never read the books, Love the movie though
00,02especily the soundtrack
00,02which contains the manliest song ever made imho
00,02behind winter wrap up that is :P
:D
00,02y u consume my cpu firefox
silly FF
Winter wrap up was the first song I learned to play on guitar.
00,02then it solves itself
00,02oh well
Magic ^
First one where you don't have to play chords, that is.
Phase4, the books are pretty interesting, actually. That being said the movie was alot of fun, and it made a great kingdom hearts level
except for the vines... those accursed vines
00,02it made a kingdom hearts level?
00,02i do remember a pc game that was quite fun
a greay philosipher once said,"we take what is usual as normal. so if grown people now usually watch MLP FiM, does that make it normal?
00,02havent played in many years though
"Coincidence? I THINK NOT!
00,02^
00,02DIS SONG
Flyboy: Well, if most of the adult people watched FiM, it would be considered normal.
00,02SON OF MAN :3
Phase4 it not only made a KH level, it was a level in the first game.... DUN DUN Dunnnnnnnn
eeyup
gaben@valvesoftware.com...
"You can reach me at GABEN@valvesoftware.com"
Bronysith: But does it have a hole?
Malavolent: gross man
Couldn't resist.
Malavolent: Thats not being made again
The community took the Lyra plushie thing way too far, it's actually quite funny.
Malavolent: i know
really funny lololo
00,02i love that song
I'm glad you agree.
00,02the next one is fun to
Malavolent: MFW i saw the lyra plushie http://i.imgur.com/picLc.jpg
00,02brb
It its defense, the community got hours of entertainment from it
... in a noneww manner
Bronysith: That might be photoshoped, just alittle.
Malavolent: you dont say?
Damnit, can't get the fluttershy yay sound anywhere.
Bronysith: Well I do say.
00,10I say all the reaction images are geting a tad old Bronysith
True dat.
Bronysith: whats a Bront?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: what?
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6twd8NxE11r3xauuo1_1280.png
00,02the magic start function
00,02called form nowhere but i know its called
Hi again! :)
hi MegaMoonShine again
I have been having problems with my crappy internet
Phase4: can you look for a band named Two Steps From Hell, and play some of their music
Omgomg it's this song :$
its soundtracks
my fav kind of music
00,02Flyboy, i like some of their music but for reasons i cant realy use flash right now
kk
Whoever can get me this exact sound in mp3 form will be my hero. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXSHNzyqh3M
Two Steps from Hell is awesome
Malavolent: just use youtube converter
Tried that already
It converts, but the sound is cut somewhere in the middle
Hmmmm...
Converters have problems with very short videos.
00,02...
00,02Malavolent, it is so trivial to do that i dont even need a browser
Malavolent: What about YouTube Downloader? You would have to download the clip and then with the same program, convert it to an MP3. I use it all the time :)
08,01IS ANYONE WATCHIGN THE WIMBLEDON?
08,01my god IT IS TENSE
ouch my ears :(
08,01it's going to be a great game
08,01who is streaming?
08,01i really want to put this up, if the stream's free
oni_link: That's the hard way, I guess.
00,02already done Malavolent
08,01it's Federrer vs. Murray
Malavolent: Yeah, but its worth it
08,01Murray serving, 3 sets to 4, in deuce
Hell yeah! more tron
00,02Malavolent, https://dl.dropbox.com/u/51948537/out.m4a
Daft Punk is best punk
08,01no, i tell a lie, advantage murray
tron was an amazing movie. hope there is more like it
00,02Malavolent, if you realy need mp3 i can do that too
08,01does anyone care about the tennis?
XD
08,01actually
Phase4: Thanks, I can conver that.
08,01i suppose if you did, you'd be watchign it
08,01bbc is almost certainly covering it on world service
08,01i dunno
08,01maybe it's not popular enough
Dat dropbox link :P
08,01WOOO! 4 GAMES ALL!
00,02theres a guy here watching the same game
08,01i'm caught in a dilemma here
00,02its on channel 7 here
08,01Murray is Scottish
08,01but Federrer is so much HOTTER
08,01so i'm happy either way
08,01though really, my scottish pride overrules my lustfulness
/me is working on some Sonic 4 8bit remixes
sup bros
08,01federrer serving, 15 - 30
08,01he might just break service
sup brony_swan :)
08,01oh oh! break point!
08,01GilDash: oh yes
00,02i'm not an expert
00,02but murray seems to be winning
08,01which is surprising; though murray's late game is generally quite good
00,02not by much though
08,01though federrer's early game is always superb
08,01HE BROKE SERVE!
08,01\O/
08,01murray serving 5 sets to 4
08,01*games
08,01sorry
08,01murray serving 5 games to 4
Hey Phase4 if you still got free time, try converting the m4a file into mp3. I've run into the same problem as I did before.
*claps*
08,01this is so cool
08,01oh man, excellent shot
08,01you guys should watch this
08,01while murray doesn't have federrer's raw finesse, it's psychologically murray's game
08,01because my god, it must be so offputting to have the crowd cheer so much when you fuck up
00,02Malavolent, https://dl.dropbox.com/u/51948537/yay.mp3
404 :/
08,01Unnr: if you can get iPlayer, i'll pm you the link
I can get the iPlayer trivially
00,02huh
00,02Malavolent, try now
08,01i wish i could watch this in HD
08,01i might go down the pub
08,01they'll have it in HD
Phase4: Great, it works, thanks :)
08,01see... the tragedy of it all is that i actually own a 42" HD TV
08,01but i gave it to my parents
08,01because i don't watch TV
08,01and my dad hates tennis
:O
08,01their TV broke so i decided to buy them a £300 tv...
6_9
HI
CCCP hiya
08,01Phase4: what service are you watching it on?
killerpony7733: :)
08,01oh
00,02local station
08,01aye, so same problem for me; i can't actually put it on the MASSIVE TV
08,01i need to watch it on th shitty laptop
00,02its on a tv across the room for me
00,02from'
00,02not realy a tenis fan though, its my uncle who's watching it
00,02video has died on the stream hasnt it
...no
Nope. Still streaming java
00,02strange
what movie/programme is this song from?
i know it somehow
00,02strange
00,02Flyboy, how to train your dragon
Wow. This is gonna get trippy
strange is best word
ah...
|Discord|: I'm particularly fond of "tmesis" myself
Petrified_Discord: ...never heard of it
I love it when the streamer brings up the stream.
Tables turning, wake up to me round, and watch tbe bridge is bburning
|Discord|: http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/tmesis
I CAN SEE IT I CAN SEE IT IN YOUR EYES! I can feel I can feel it in my mind!
isnt this ice age?!
00,02Flyboy, nope, still httyd
ah...
Hai Phase4
its just one part reminded me of ice age
im eating fod :3
food*
00,02ohai Vordox
I see what you did there
what song is this
A good one
im having an eargasm
O_O
HOLY CRAP
hi brony_swan
Lauren adapted quick to Twitter. XD
sup CCCP
The Hub ‏@HubTVNetworkOnly one week till the @MyLittlePony Friendship is Magic panel @Comic_Con! Tweet us your questions for the cast!
THE HUB SPONSORED THAT?!
:o
CCCP: you know who Gunthler is right?
brony_swan: of course!
hey CCCP hows your day been
you seen him lately?
hi alexxm
brony_swan: i saw if yesterday...
00,02bed or slightly more code
brony_swan he tends to hang out in this room he made
CCCP: ah...so if i se his name i should ping him?
brony_swan probably
Kiki had a huge success guys! :D
00,02o
00,02derp
00,02i'ma go to bed
night Phase4 get rest
00,02night everyone
Vordox, YES!
night Phase4
rest well
naight phase
Night Phase4 :)
Vordox, THANK GOODNESS.
About 70% of her tumour is gone.
How is she doing now?
Vordox: who?
The mods are sleeping now.
/me pops CrazyCherry
CCCP: Kiki! The one the bronies donated for? Through Tara and Meghan?
08,011 game all, federer serving
Bye Phase4 thanks for streaming
see ya Phase4!
Oh... :(
see ya later phase
vye Phase4
night Phase4
You sort of have to feel bad for the ball boys
Fun fact: ponies don't have toes
Phase4: G'night! :)
Vordox: oh yeah.. :s
CCCP: yes they do, it's called the "Hoof"
They have ONE big toe
:P
Vordox i thought that was more a foot than a toe
thats creepy..
alexxm: Have you seen the joints?
no Vordox
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-_jncBtSvZmQ/T6lQJ6Wx5mI/AAAAAAAAAPA/qW1eOr8ghm0/s640/Photo_7_Horse_skeleton.gif
Check the hoof
I guess hoofcures do make a bit more sense now :D
If that ain't a Toe bone formation, you can all call me "Sissypantsy"
i guess your right Vordox
http://fav.me/d56j5kl
Biglaw: Woot?
woot
:I
/me woots
Biglaw: your getting better at drawing mate
cya guys in a bit gunna get working on my project in source filmmaker
brony_swan: oooh. have fun
bye brony_swan
brony_swan: good luck!
Have fun brony_swan :)
Howdy y'all!
Howdy Everlasting_Joy :)
oh hi there Everlasting_Joy
hey Everlasting_Joy hows your day been
08,01y'know in comics when little hearts come out of people when they have a crush on someone?
08,01imagine that happening every time Federer scores
08,01for me
Howdy MegaMoonShine and Bronysith.
08,01because Federer is just <3
hello everypony
alexxm: It could be better.
hello
no stream right now?
Howdy LochNessCheez.
nope
hi Everlasting_Joy
hey LochNessCheez hows your day ben
how come Everlasting_Joy
when is there going to be another stream then?
alexxm: pretty good so far ^^ thx
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=han_aM-sclg&feature=BFa&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ
depends when someone decides to stream Flyboy
PONIES
Flyboy whenever one of the mods feels like it i guess
hope someone gets around to it soon
Flyboy theres 7 mods on now so there probably will be one soon
alexxm: I'd prefer not to say.
:)
ok Everlasting_Joy
chats gone dead again :D
METAL ON! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1tCMqdwGSY&feature=bf_next&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ
Well, I am staying on the down low Flyboy.
kk
SuperBrony64: dont you normally stream Super?
flash crashed
so are we the only ones here Flyboy
ok
well we're the only ones talking
Its just quiet
too quiet
ITS A TRAP!
/me hears a stange noise.
here, just lurking while at work
What was that?
It time for.... Study party!
Whoooo!
/me pulls out Lehninger´s Biochemistry and starts reading
"sorry... I farted"
Flyboy: Oh jeez! It stinks!
:D
Attention Flutter-Army! Quuuick March!
:D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D
:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[v
:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[:[
blargh bitch
No spam!
awwww
Flyboy: Are you showing us your war face?
to much spam
maybe...
sorry
just wanted to show you mah Flutter-Army
Hiya Everypony
:'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( Ibeat your flutter army now!
>:O challenge accepted. :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D
Can`t i get a nice old welcome
Also hi PON3 :)
hi
Howdy PON3, I didn't see you there.
hey PON3 hows yoru day been
/me hugs everpony
Wonderificus
/me hugs PON3
/me hugs PON3 back
0_0
So much love going on..
/me hugs acs26
U Know It
who wants this as our theme music http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=814Tsivvmhk
Any of my old friends on all i can see is alexxm
Nothing can make me sad
/me looks at bottom of list and sees |Discord|
Woah, Hai PON3
o/
Hiya
alexxm: But it that was our theme, BronyState would have to dress in bad 90´s wrestling spandex
Can i get a brohoof /)
(\
PON3: (\
Unnr good point
Unnr: Didn't need that image.
ok so thats two add 0 and o equals OMG 200
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-QFj59PON4&feature=related this is our theme music
Everlasting_Joy: Glad to help! D:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZZ5LpwO-An4 THIS IS OUR THEME SONG
^
Biglaw so you think we're more like ric flair then
alexxm who?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dJ-QLl5qjLg
Omg im so bored
I'm pretty bored too :(
Biglaw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNxRQRxBH3w this guy
I was roleplaying on tumblr but then well the other guy stopped and im waiting for him to anwser
PON3: What was the RP about?
Umm well This mix between scootaloo the sadiest and cupcakes
speaking of boring, I have discovered that cleaning my apartment is just that
PON3: :O.
where scootaloo (the other guy) Could control everything it was a dream within a dream within a dream
Hrafn: Clearly you don't have cool stuff.
No Inception Joke
oh, I've been finding plenty of random stuff :P
Im Warning ya
Hrafn: Fair enough :).
it's not so much tidying as archeology
PON3: I'm not going to ask anymore.
Guess who i was (obvious)
Hrafn: Been there.
PON3: The victim?
Who was
I just finished clearing up under the bed, and oh god the dust
its Really Simple
how bad was it then?
I found a bag under there with a receipt in it from 2007
I Was
PON3: You were the victim, given you told us who Scootaloo was.
Yes But who was the victim (come on its super easy)
damn Hrafn
Hrafn: Wow :O
Oh, I see PON3, would that be RD?
yeah, it's been a while since I cleared up under my bed :P
i'm seeing a brony friend of mine tormorow
Hrafn: Archaeology indeed :$
And We Have A Winner
Hrafn: So how long was the spelunking tour?
It was quite a epic hardcore rping Everlasting_Joy
it was an adventure, that's for sure
PON3: :). It sounds so.
bye guys
not sure how long it took me, I kept taking breaks
Take care alexxm.
Everlasting_Joy The thing was it had nothing to do with cupcakes only rd waking up in a room scootaloo control place
PON3: With an Inception-esque senario?
08,01set point to federer D:
Pretty much but then a little battle where i get owned by scootaloo and then waking up in yet anthor dream where i had no friends
08,01federer one the set
08,01:(
PON3: Woah! How did that one play out?
Um me checking around ponyville in fluttershys house then twilights then the thing goes like 4 walls fall blocking me then a roof and they were white Everlasting_Joy
Wierd...
PON3: Anything else?
08,01hardcore RP?
/me 08,01perks
Yes then after that scoots is in there and she says trust me and i have to kill myself after me refusing once i go to sleep Everlasting_Joy
woah
WHAT did I walk into here?
Me Talking about my epic rping
Hey otakon!
hello Everlasting_Joy
Hi otakon :)
anyway in dream im falling and it says you have to do it so i wake up then grab the razor from the scapel i throw and cut my wrist (ready for sad part)
Here it comes
Ohey otakon.
08,01oh murray
08,01that was stupid
hey there everypony
murray put too much energy into the end of the last set
just wanted to pop in and say hi before i had to head out, dont really have a ton of time to hang out on here this summer :'(
/me hugs ingwaz
PON3: I'm ready.
awwww
ingwaz: :(.
When i cut my wrist i bit my lip but cry then scoots saided i didn`t have to do that and i cry while fading away then wake up clamped on a iron table and then she stopped talking
what?
^
ingwaz: He's describing his RP experience.
So I Need To Get Out Of This Table Everlasting_Joy
:S
ingwaz: what ya got planned man?
http://media.comicvine.com/uploads/9/98293/2433304-just_read_super.jpg
PON3: So how do you do it?
otakon: off to church in a minute, going to pick up some chinese food onthe way home and have that for lunch
ah
Well im trying to break free on the count she hasen`t done anything to my wings yet Everlasting_Joy
wait... church?
i'll be back in like 3-4 hours
otakon: yes
otakon: and no, not the church of poni
anyway, i've got to head out, running a little bit late as it is. catch you later everypony
Bye ingwaz :)
08,01ARGH RAIN
Take care ingwaz.
Yes Somepony has come into the world
08,01where's nittany_discord when you need him...
bye ingwaz take care!
otakon: Rain + grass court = Bad Things
^
Hi Rain :)
08,01otakon: IT'S STOPPING THE TENNIS!
08,01FUUUUUUUUUUUU
/me is shot.
otakon: :D
/me revives otakon.
/me shots Everlasting_Joy
/me ded.
/me Shots otakon
/me Shots Self
/me dead
love, tolerance, and suicide pacts
08,01and this is the second time in as many days that im listening to Allegri's Miserere
I somehow managed to listen to Berlioz´ symphony fantastique twice yesterday.
/me comes back from dead and shots Chezne
08,01Everlasting_Joy: the fact that im listening to the radio
Oh What Do We Have Here
PinkamenaDianePie: A lot of bodies.
what the fuck
thinks have i ever made a everlasting cupcake Everlasting_Joy
08,01pony_9332: what?
hehe
PinkamenaDianePie: Oh you :).
08,01PinkamenaDianePie: not in here please
i say what the fuk
http://www.escapistmagazine.com/news/view/108347-UK-Atheists-Hope-to-Eliminate-Jedi-Population IS Bronysith HERE!? THEY NEED HIM!
08,01read the channel rules
nope
08,01pony_9332: at what?
i say nope
otakon: orly?
/me draws lightsaber
am i roleplaying no IM QOUTING
if thats how you spell it
otakon: ORDER 66 HAS STARTED! :O
08,01PinkamenaDianePie: youre not qouting if youre referencing users currently in chat
hi all
Everlasting_Joy wanna continue this somewhere else
Hi Elondras :)
/me pdp pokerface
PinkamenaDianePie: No thank you.
08,01heh
08,01Lil_B: flooding?
/me hug's MegaMoonShine
yikes
hello
we NEED some rain here
:3
08,01because weve got floods in edinurgh
08,01and down south
hello sonicandmario85 :)
FINE -Walks down to the rp room (aka) pinkies fuking basement
man, finally the first part of Art of the Dress is done... this song is tearing me apart!
hello, otakon :3
hiya Rain, you're in Germany apparently
Lil_B: There's a "The Room" reference there, but I won't say it due to how obvious it is.
I did not sew it, I did nauuut
What a story, Everlasting_Joy :$
Everlasting_Joy I tired to answer with another The room reference, but it wouldn't work :/
:D You guys.
LilB, not Oh Hi Everlasting_Joy?
Unnr you are my favourite customer
PinkamenaDianePie:i saw you murder rainbow dash i saw the whole thing NOW IM TELLING TWILIGHT APPLEJACK RARITY PRINCESS CELESTA AND LUNA ON YOU!
/me 08,01nuzzles Lil_B
/me is nuzzled Oo
Wimbledon´s roof is a masterpiece
Umm This Could Of Gone Better But
Twi is dead
Lil_B: :D
oh and applejack and rarity here have this dress hehe
08,01PinkamenaDianePie: my god, will you stop rping in here? i already warned you
fine ill kill you then to let you know how it feels when someone dies in pain :3
Sonic go to here
08,01i dont want to kick you but i will
Does somebody know a quick guide on how to compose? XD I have this Orchestra and don't know how to use it XD
08,01PinkamenaDianePie: sure
you just happen to HAVE an orchestra?
Wha- Who? What's going on?
08,01Chrysalis: i do.
ponies SirGanjalf thats whats going on
08,01moreover, i have an orchestra who owe me a favour
Chrysalis a full Compilation of multible Soundfonts recorded from a real orchestra... it has pretty much every standart Orchestra Instrument
Has Sonic got the link
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3oiyy1/
08,01Lil_B: i compose for orchestra
08,01but i dont have a quick guide
That´s because there is no quick guide
Lil_B how much music theory have you had?
I wake up to cute ponies. Day is instantly awesome.
get them to play MLP themed songs as background for BUCK?
08,01Lil_B: not really, im afraid. i learned music theory through practice and tuition. i went to a specialist music school
Bronysith: Yes! Yes I've been the victim of those idiots.
Everlasting_Joy: ikr
08,01Lil_B: all i can recommend is sit at a piano, and use your ear, after learning some music theory
08,01counterpoint and harmony
08,01yes, critical listening is your greatest weapon!
Lil_B: http://www.musictheory.net/lessons is a not too long to basic chord theory
Unnr I played Keyboard for 7 years... the theory contained transposing, and simple cord progressions
08,01aye
08,01you have the basics you need, then
08,01listen to the greats, and take note of the orchestration
ok, means I have to go though my old books again
Unnr thanks
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/6zqo/
Link to the rp plz
08,01Scootaloo: 2 secs
08,01remember it this time
ok
wow, found the note sheets to some Castlevania songs I printed out some years ago Oo
08,01ha! nice
There is also available on that site a rather good overview of symphony and concerto works
08,01btw
08,01who here likes Shakespeare?
A'ight, I'm going to take off. I'll hopefully be back for Vi's show.
08,01because the bbc have done a set of brand new and absolute amazing productions of the history plays
the only like of Shakesbeer I know was a Line in the Portal 2 Comic :/
08,01heh
08,01Biglaw: did you enjoy it?
08,01i love Twelfth Night
08,01Barbetos: awesome!
I love that play so much. =)
08,01i really want to run a bronystate shakespeare event at soem point
some*
08,01Unnr: aye
"Hear the Turrent for it is knell, summons to heaven or to hell!"
/me was a fan of the 89 adaptation of Henry V with Derek Jacobi as the chorus
08,01Unnr: the good ones, like the Merchant of Venice with Al Pacino and Jeremy Irons
08,01also, Hamlet with David Tenant and Patrick Stewar
08,01t
Ah, that hamlet
08,01NOT the butchering of Romeo and Juliet with Leonardo de Craprio
Oh god...
Not that!
08,01but i dont know of a good production of that
/me gets flashbacks from the Romeo and Juliette scene in Hot Fuzz
08,01if someone can suggest me one
08,01Unnr: yes!
08,01Unnr: what's your favourite shakespeare play?
08,01nice
something about the idea of being shipwreked in a landlocked country always makes me smile
/me We have a code Shakespeare, I repeat, a code Shakespeare
08,01given that im a sucker for romance and grimdark, you can probably guess mine
CK|Catnap: He mentioned that just now
08,01CK|Catnap: thats the one i was talking about. didnt really like it
08,01you troll :P
good moring everyone
morning*
08,01but i also like Henry IV
morning OneTrickPony
08,01prefer part 1 to part 2
Since it was filled with ridiculous overacting
08,01hey onetrick
Hmm, the 68 version of Romeo and Juliet wasn´t bad, but looks a bit dated
08,01CK|Catnap: HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM!
Line judge almost got smacked in the head with wayward ball. hehehehehe
Literally ALL the ham. :|
08,01Tybalt chewing the scenery...
08,01i am lying on my hair
08,01it is keeping my ears warm
I would think
But which ear?
How come nothing is on?
08,01Toranaga: my final front ear
08,01Toranaga: nothing is on because noone is streaming
I'd volunteer if I knew how.
I could easily stream some Shogun 2 total war, or Minecraft if you wanted me to
Only mods get to stream
08,01unfortuantle, one needs to be a moderator to stream
^This
Ah, I see.
08,01i might stram the tennis
08,012 sec
bonjour
Heyo.
lol tennis
Konnichiwa
Ninjazz: Hiya
Ohey, killerpony7733. :)
Ouch, that looked like that hurt
heh, this guy seems happy: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6uigfegrr1r55dpso1_500.jpg
XD
eeyup
:D
hiya RAWRity
brb need some eats
08,01okay looks like
08,01im not going to stream
How do you even become a mod?
08,01you can apply when we open up mod applications
Mkay
Toranaga: when they open up applications, you apply, and go through an interview process.
Because if no one is streaming then I think it's time for new mods.
Agh... I have to go to the store but I don't want toooooooooo
Toranaga: that is the dumbest thing I've heard all afternoon.
granted that afternoon is only 7 minutes old, but still, you r teh dumbz
08,01killerpony7733: only a few months
I'm dumb now?
It's been about 5 months since the newest mods were brough in IIRC
If that's the dumbest thing you ever heard then prepare to be baffled
08,01aye
08,01about that
Toranaga: I said all afternoon.
it's currently 12:08 where I am.
But what's dumb about it?
>implying mods are here simply to stream for your entertainment
^This
double this
OneTrickPony!! long time no see
I was never implying that.
hello everyone!
Toranaga thats the funny thing about implications, some times you don't mean to do it.
Toranaga: " Because if no one is streaming then I think it's time for new mods."
hai BronyInstrumental
pfffffffft
Then why blame me for the implication if you know that it's not meant?
08,01ponies, chill
why are we arguing about implying?
>ponies pls
XD^
Toranaga: because you clearly meant what you said
I did not mean to say that mods are only here for our entertainment.
-_-
alrighty then
then deal with what is being stream mkay?
08,01Toranaga: well, technically we are
How is everypony?
This is the match that never ends
08,01but we also have our own lives
Aha!
yes it goes one and on my friends
Federer and murray started playing it, not knowing what it was, but advantage keeps on chainging forever just because!
hi Twilight_S
*cough*
08,01and we need to sleep
Of course you do, and I know that. That's why I said there should be more mods
In different timezones
08,01i think federer is a changeling
^
the vid wont play...:/
personally, I think we have enough mods, we don't want to be like everfreeradio
Though that was a nice return on the cross volley
08,01Toranaga: we already have like 20 mods
anyone gonna stream soon?
nope
Flyboy: Its a sunday so ???
so...?
seeing as there are mods in all 4 US time zones, as well as several in the UK and europe, any more mods without reducing the number would essentially clutter the whole thing up.
20 mods is alot but to my understanding this site is growing very popular.
Toranaga: and it's growing popular despite the fact we only have 2 official streams.
Exactly.
technically, if the mods felt like it, there'd be nothing until BMN, and nothering after euroshow
Unnr: so...?
sundays tend to be lazy days without much happpening around here
i see
lazy days are good days
08,01curses
08,01federer won the game point
/me shakes fist
lol tennis
08,01hahaha
08,01that was really silly of federer
08,01urgh
08,015 games to 2
08,01to federer
~slivershipper
Is my text coloured?
#silvershipper
RainbowDash_: Not a good idea to put up a channel here
08,01RainbowDash_: no channel advertising in here, please
sorry
ok time to troll omegle now live
08,01no worries, just read our rules
cuz imm bored and ahas nothing better to do
^Lol this
im going to stream somthing i dont normaly do
FairyHuff: wtf
08,01id stream the tennis, but i dont have my laptop with me
that sad face from google chrome
Hey, not to be mean, but...can people start coming up with more unique Usernames? I think RainbowDash_ is like the 29th iteration of somebody with Rainbow Dash in their name.
08,01heh
its for roleplay (he shoots he scores
Don't look at me ^_^
Agreed.
FOR SCIENCE!
Eventually it just gets to a point where they all just sort of melt together into one large mass of rainbows and egotism.
It's still better than just pony_####, though, right?
Ninjazz: yes, but those people at least have the excuse of being new and not knowing what to name themselves.
I don't have an original name...
didn't sya original.
wassup?
said "unique" in that there aren't several other people with similar names
Nottin' much.
I just put Crimson with phoenix together
Hey Dovakihn
hi Barbetos
Limit on the Rainbow<InsertExtra>.
Basically.
if I wanted to be hipster and unique I would put up something like huuuh Vlachlorad
or something
What about RainbowFarts?
Those kind of names are weird. >_<
the best internet name I saw was Ulilillia
hahaha
08,01problem, RAWRity?
08,01i wish there was a trollface emoticon
wut
Or BreastDash
FairysHuff: Hah!
Pinkie Pie as Rainbow Dash
oh my
killerpony7733 HAH!
That took them a while
Mornin everypony how goes things?
/me noms on Jim
Well.
okay I guess
hi Dovah
/me noms on Bronysith
killerpony7733 *Glomps*
08,01hey Dovah
/me is glomped by FairysHuff
^really?
killerpony7733 Hows yee?
Why not?
seriously DHN > EQD
FairysHuff: Kinda terrible due to bad sleep and feeling bleh :D
08,01CrimsonPhoenix: this
DHN?
I'm just saying. You're coming into a chat with a lot of people in it, you want to establish your presence as distinct from others'. You can't do that when there's Rainbow-Dash, Rainbow, DashWithRainbows, RainbowDash_, Dashie, MyLittleDashie,MyLilDash,Dashbowrain, DashofRainbow, and you're Rainb0wDa$h
Derpy Hooves Network
I think
Derpy Hooves News
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4169/
killerpony7733 Welcome to the club ^_^ hehe You still not fix your sleep cycle then?
Get Dari to make a script or something.
close enough
http://www.derpyhoovesnews.com/
08,01RAWRity: also rainbrodash
00,10you should check the list when new eps start RAWRity
Sumica: I imagine there's 3 score of Dashes.
FairysHuff: Nope slept from 7AM to 4PM
yet so far I've seen like...3 people with "Rarity" names in my tenure here.
00,10Dashes, shys and pony_#### as far as the eye can see
08,01the guy who runs DHN is awesome
They look more professional, THEY HAVE A RSS FEED, they're more clean and they giive good stuff
08,01he put up a banner for us
CrimsonPhoenix: Agreed
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xOqxUsnSA2c&feature=g-vrec
killerpony7733 Thats not bad. Atleast you kinda slept.
FairysHuff: True but still bad sleep is still bad :D
00,10lets not forget they check the news before they post it and they post events ontime
killerpony7733 True. I just woke myself after a 4 hour nap.
What won me over is the RSS Feed
08,01Sumica: aye, and they arent bitchy towards cknventions
seriously if you run a news site you NEED an RSS feed
and me!!
i don't even know what an RSS feed does.
00,10always nice to see a Dari bot post for movie night as the credits for the first movie are rolling
XD
08,01ha
Back later everypony
RAWRity, it's some sort of plug-in that updates automatically on certain programs
cya killerpony7733
like rainmeter
Usually it's just XML
08,01ball stroking
08,01he said ball stroking
08,01on the tennis
=o
O I
U*
Interesting sport... that tennis
08,01and the other comentator laughed
Any sport with ball stroking is an interesting sport
So no stream?
oh hi there
mitamaking: do you see a stream?
nope
Refined felacio?
=D
Wait, are you watching Wimbeldon?
When does Murray play?
So I changed the image that's over my login screen for my pc to Gandalf
Oh
http://youtu.be/N70DLM8Az_8
Is he winning?
08,01its 2 sets to 1, for federer
Aw shit
4-6, 7-5, 1-1
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/pokmon-why-not.jpg
oh wait, I am out of date
08,01mitamaking: its not
08,01its currently 1-0
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=endscreen&v=ERr7MlQESQY&NR=1
08,01in deuce for a break point
4-6, 7-5, 6-3, 0-1 Federer up
08,01wait, no, he just got it
Anyone else here like rock climbing?
who did?
08,011-1, murray broke service
08,01FairysHuff: i do!
FairysHuff: oh yea
FairysHuff: it's a bit fun :)
08,01FairysHuff: ive not done it much thbough
Yay! ^_^ It's not often I find people who share that interest.
08,01my brother is a climbing instructor, though
I do too
08,01FairysHuff: rosyth, aye
I shat nysekf at 1:10
myself*
08,01FairysHuff: wait, youre from scotland?
Good afternoon everypony! :)
08,01FairysHuff: also, alien rock is great for indoor climbing
08,01FairysHuff: oh!
08,01FairysHuff: are you coming to BUCK?
:o
the horror...the horror http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/zdvaxffqo0c5yn0ojmleyg2.png
http://derpy.me/-r7Bn This is why I love this fanbase
08,01aw
08,01sure!
*convenient
08,01FairysHuff: well, i might be coming through next weekend
Oh yeah, otakon
Exactly
Yes Bronysith?
08,01FairysHuff: yup
No idea
CrimsonPhoenix: that comic is good enough to be canon and explains why Spike couldn't get a quill in Owl's Well That End's Well
second guy on a rope
otakon, exactly
Groovy. I'm going to that to and my birthday is the sunday after. So may go back in to treat myself.
easy peasy lemon squeezy
Yeah, that is some crazy shit right there
oh my god...... songsterr is the best website ever
He's pro. Oh so pro.
it documented the winter wrap up guitar tabs!
And then there's him doing a flagpole half way up a cliff
Just because
i know what i'm learning today!
It really sucks that he's deaad. :/
RIP.
08,01he bacon
0,5Ello there
hiya BM
:P
0,5otakon dont call me BM!
XD
0,5>:I
Silly Topper the south pole is in the south
BaconMane: Robin Hood: Men in Tights THANK YOU!
why not Bacon?
otakon: ahahha. bowel movement
Bronysith: you get it! /)
otakon: (\
hey there BaconMane!
08,01oh man, dan osma
otakon you do realise it was my win? :P
08,01he was my brothers idol
00,10But Bm is your initals
Hehehe, silky exterior
Are any Mel Brooks movies worthy of being an A movie?
Chrysalis: it was? nice
mitamaking: Blazing Saddles ended up A once
but that was a technicality of the highest order
08,01BaconMane: what about of we incluse your middle names of David and Simon?
Problem is that Mel Brooks movies tend to have low budgets and are very refferential
Oh relly, I would have put Young Frankenstein and maybe Space Balls as A also
*really
so as a result its hard to rate them as A
That megusta face is absolutely horrifying
08,01BDSM is the joke here.
0,5Otakon: What are you talking about?
0,5Why u thanking me?
Young Frakenstein might be A, but that was really Mel Brooks giving Gene Wilder money
BaconMane: no, I'm telling you I'm thanking Robin Hood: Men in Tights
You mean Gene Wilder earning every penny?
Unnr: Gene Wilder DESERVES EVERY SEPTIME!
0,5I dont get it otakon
hiya Sumica
08,01Sumica: i know. i know.
BaconMane: nvm
http://ragecomics.memebase.com/
just nvm...BM
whats going on
00,10hi otakon
mitamaking: Young Frankenstein was Gene Wilder´s baby, but he couldn´t get money from the studios to make it. So he asked Mel Brooks for help (As they had worked together earlier on The Producers)
:) how are you today Sumica?
00,10feeling rather chill
Unnr: and it was (and is) MAGNIFICENT!
Unnr: And the world is a better place because of it
can't wait to watch it
hell, if I had the money would have bought it from Family Dollar
it was 5 bucks
08,01gene wilder is hilarious
but I REALLY needed some new flip flops
wait... you needed flipflops
are in insane
Let me save you a week, the best scene of the movie: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZ-aRwEbp5I
no one needs those things
they should all burn in that special place of hell
Chrysalis: it's HOT out I do NOT want to wear socks.
reserved for pedophiles
he's gone
dat autokick
lawl
and people who talk at the cinema
Chrysalis: LOL!
/me snickers
08,01otakon: i didnt like willy wonka; i grew up with dahls books, and the film was terrible
0,5*snicker*
lol
otakon: I agree but Young Frankenstein is Brook's best movie
BaconMane: Sup?
REALLY?
Willy Wonka as a film was bad, but I really Liked Gene Wilder as Wonka
08,01yup
0,5xD
I can't believe you all, Willy Wonka is one of my favorite movies
and having NOT read the books but it is one of my favorite movies
BaconMane oh... you're here ^-^
What next, gonna tell me Jackson's Lord of the Rings was shoddy too?
/me le looks at BaconMane "ooh bacon!" noms
0,5Indeed I am!
The books don't interest me, they sound quite... dumb
otakon: Tom Bombadill 4 life
otakon Yes *troll face* ^_^
BaconMane i finished your drawing ^-^ its... hm... cute xD
mitamaking: now that scene I did miss
I know why he cut it, but I do wish he had shown up
0,5Orly?
0,5Show me ^^
mitamaking: same
SHOW US panda-drawing!
still, LotR movies were pretty damn faithful otherwise
BaconMane uh... im still on my phone >.> its hard to post imgur links xD may i skype it to you?
0,5Sure thing ^^
08,01otakon: youre not british, so you probably didnt grow up with his books
08,01unless you did
08,01otherwise, you dont understand
they were as faithful as they could have been to the books and still be accessible to a mainstream audience.
films are never failthful to the books
RAWRity: thank you, exactly
08,01otakon: no, i mean dahl
they are always shockingly poor adaptations
Chrysalis: um, no
http://youtu.be/09I31XwKkx0
they are not
omg I love Roald Dahl
I am not looking forward to the Hobbit movie, if King Kong Jackson directs it
0,5Otakon x AASK
otakon and if mr bacon wants to post im sure he will ^-^
mitamaking: I am
BaconMane thats hell of a pair there
Shizuka wb!
08,01name one film adaptation that was better or as good as the book
quick, someone draw an OC with AASK for a cutie mark
I WILL BURN THAT BOT ONE DAY!
hi Shizuka
If it is LotR Jackson it will be good, but King Kong was just too pretensious
08,01Starship Troopers DOES NOT count
much better in fact.
RAWRity: wait wat
08,01because it was a pisstake
Willy Wonka was a better book
RAWRity: lololo
And it's called Charlie and the chocolate factory
08,01never seen or read hunger games, actually
well
not really a movie
08,01FairysHuff: heinlein fan?
Bronysith: I'm totally serioius. Hunger Games worked far better as a film than it did as a book, partly because Collins was originally a TV writer.
and more idiot proofing of the story
but to be honest, the True Blood TV series is better than the books I think
RAWRity: okay then
To Kill a Mockingbird was just as good
08,01FairysHuff: he wrote the book on which Starship Trropers was very very very loosely based
08,01mitamaking: ill give you that one
and yes, I have read the Sooki Stackhouse novels AND seen the TV series to the end of the 2nd season
which only really covers like 2 of the books
08,01otakon: agreed
Hunger Games was an alright book, and was translated to an above-average movie.
But that is just because both are classics
ah, NAZI'S IN SPACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
08,01FairysHuff: it was really stupid. it was basically written as a pisstake of heinlein ingeneral
also, this Song of a Earth Pony is really good actually
Herculese was better as a Disney movie than a myth
mitamaking: his myth's were more epic
08,01mitamaking: oh frak off :P
honestly, we need a SERIOUS Heracles movie
08,01that is so not true
NOT Hercules
08,01otakon: yes!
goddamn misspelling
He's fucking CONAN of Greece
Otakon, we need more Kevin Sorbo
>_>
no
08,01otakon: ones roman, ones greek, i think
I think myths are a bit overrated, except the Odysee
I like Starship Troopers as a film. Sod what you all say. :D
Oh fine, Haraclese
this guy is excellent with gmod http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayrNrP0KtOo
08,01GilDash: i liked it too, even just for the irony
RAWRity: God, if only it did though
08,01otakon: aye
Plus, Herc just sounds cool
Hello, everypony
http://youtu.be/OZ4c1X5ene8
and a PROPER Dungeon's and Dragon's movie
/me was sad that Starship Troopers: The Roughneck Chronicles never ended
Never did read the book though. Must rectify that.
hi Symphony
Or any Heinlen, actually. :S
FairysHuff: the hell?
FairysHuff: I really want to watch that show
I'm also of the opinion that Harry Potter & The Half Blood Prince was better in film than page.
otakon: Anime based on The Odysee
FairysHuff: no really, the FUCK?
mitamaking Watched that as a child ^_^
hey guys
otakon I'm ignoring you cause of your language.
Okay, now THAT intro is the BIGGEST 80's THROWBACK EVER
hi alexxm
otakon: It's in the 31st century
FairysHuff: but it's...my GOD it's so cheesy it's GLORIOUS
hmm no stream
08,01federer is going to win this
hiya alexxm
otakon That it is. And I have more.
I heard it's actually a good show
oh hai Rarity http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/548479_10151144472175802_1147542185_n.jpg
oh my god
hey Jim and otakon how have you been and is there a stream
I think I've ACTUALLY watched that show
RAWRity: I always liked the series of books better as a whole myself. But I guess that's just cuz I have a vivd imagination.
Okay some start streaming 80 cartoon intros
don't know, can't get the stream from where I'm at
no stream for me
I've refreshed twice now
http://youtu.be/DcH_ZTF6smY
Blade Runner
Another from my childhood
FairysHuff: seen it
08,01Unnr: ha! yes!
FairysHuff: Luna showed it
it was ...interesting to say the least
Mmm Harrison Ford
I still have more ^_^
God, the Go Bots
I had the MOVIE of them
08,01mmm edward james olmos
Symphony: nothing to do with imagination. the HBP film had a more structured and focused plot, without some of the more pointless scenes that padded the book.
fun stuff to be honest
http://youtu.be/hLU1GfIIGLE
And soon bronystate will be gone, like tears in rain
Unnr: Not if I can help it
what?
08,01hahaha
08,01dat chanting
*SIngs* WHEELED WARRIORS!
Go Murray!
FairysHuff: now THAT brings back memories, when Satellite was atroctiously expensive AND you needed to switch them out
RAWRity: I agree. I just meant in general, though.
08,01murray! murray!
/me crash lands into FairysHuff with the tardis
hehe ^_^
Tardis, you are drunk
lol. Bronysith: yes
okay, is the stream up or not?
08,01my god
hi
bc I got nothing
hello Sweetie_Belle
/me waves the saltire
08,01championship point
08,01hell ace it
hi there Sweetie_Belle "hugs" voice crack?
hey Sweetie_Belle hows your day been
hai Sweetie_Belle
alexxm: well we got pounded by rain
08,01woooo
/me is at the edge of their seat
08,012nd champ point
Sweetie_Belle you in england as well?
08,01wooooooooo
lawl, pounded
alexxm: no,aroura colorado
pfft chfft
08,01wait
Rain: XD
08,01nooooooooooooooooo
And just because I can I share this one. One of my faves of my childhood.
O U Rain
http://youtu.be/xcGJQmsqFok
08,01federer won
Rain: -.-
ok Sweetie_Belle
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
FairysHuff: That is a movie
mitamaking Yes? And?
08,01yup
hey, you said it, Sweetie_Belle, not me :p
At least Murray got the doubles yesterday
08,01next year
08,01next year murray will win
08,01aye
08,01wait
08,01did he?
I thought he did
08,01i dont think de did
/me checks
Sorry England, Sweden is better at Tennis
Damnit
lol tennis
It was Marray
GO SWEDES!
Not Murray
08,01:P
T__T
which means Wrek might gloat when he gets back
oh well theres always next year
08,01so was the kick
00,10so i wonder how many people will rage on monday when the FBi kills the backup DNS's they been runing.
00,10oh right it wont matter cause no one will hear them
http://youtu.be/ldfBe75S9Q0
BEHOLD THE 80S!!
Sumica: well, you'd THINK the news would run a article on something that goddamn important.
00,10you would think that.
maybe
Really, they train for five months to be ball boys/girls?
O_o
00,10but seeing as they wait till 4 days before the shutdown to even let people know it happend
08,01GilDash: ill just have to molest you at buck in retaliation
FairysHuff: dear God... I've seen that show TOO.
FairysHuff: wtf
God, the 80's were GREAT for cartoons
I miss that day
GilDash, Lol. :3
^_^ so many 80s shows
http://youtu.be/M_RdPawsqgo
one of my favs
08,017th wimbledon win
from the Sci Fi channel
God Imiss the old Sci Fi channel
This one EVERYONE knows
http://youtu.be/72GFgmXhjKY
when it had GOOD shows and Saturday Anime
Thunder?
anyone?
FairysHuff: link again please?
http://youtu.be/72GFgmXhjKY
00,10you did it back wards mitamaking
I had all the toys of thyat show ^_^
00,10Flash come before thundar
Then my mother gave them away ~_~
FairysHuff: oh God yes, a classic
FairysHuff: WHAT?!
Thunder.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylCKZkpMcPU&feature=related
no, you do NOT give stuff like that away!
Well she did. ~_~
*favorite
Woot, Grand Day out On ALBA!
Symphony: Finally, someone else who likes that show
OMG, really?
http://youtu.be/hi53bvX16gQ
it was okay
i've seen 1 or 2 eps of the old chipmunks show. it was pretty good
08,01WE STILL LOVE YOU MURRAY!
although the one I remember is when they had that kitten that gets hit by a car
00,10who?
and it dies
and it made me sad :'(
yeah, i saw that episoide
otakon: Saddest episode of the entire series
Hell, even Tail Spin had a goddamn ep like that
08,01awww
08,01murrays almost in tears
Goddammit, shows do not eliciate that kind of repsonse anymore half the time
08,01i want to hug him
it's stuff like MLP and Adventure Time and even the new Thundercats that are rare gems I think.
08,01and do naughty, naughty things to him...
08,01*ahem*
Remember the episode of Powerpuff Girls with Bunny?
mitamaking: poor Bunny
0,5hey guys
0,5Check dis shit out
That was a heartbreaker
i never saw the powerpuff girls, although i have heard of them
Hey, LC.
0,5Its a funny dawing panda-drawing made for me
0,5http://i.imgur.com/V4t4j.jpg
otakon I've still to see the new thundercats. Can't find it anywhere online
Brony_FOREVER: Watch it
13lordcelestia is still having identity issues
08,01my god, hes crying pretty much
Awww, shit, panda-drawing. ^_^
08,01poor guy
0,5Shizuka this is my new name :<
FairysHuff: Youtube has the shows in sections
FairysHuff: episode 4 is the heavy one
dat bacon mane
That awesome picture! :)
^^
otakon Yeh but they tend to be missing pieces and I hate that
AGREED!
Hey everypony.
hiya Eztio--
For anyone who's a fan of AATC, I've got an rp channel for 'em.
hai Eztio--
FairysHuff: wait! I know a site you can go to!
otakon ^-^ do you have an oc?
SO... Who's streaming today?
AATC?
panda-drawing: I do actually
Eztio--: noone atm
:(
otakon ^-^ i could draw yours too if you'd like.
http://www.watchcartoononline.com/
boom baby, try there FairysHuff
otakon Thanks. I shall
panda-drawing: hold on, I'll get him out if you feel like it
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3W02NsP_mxE&feature=related
otakon hehe feel? You've been awesome... consider it a thank you ^-^
08,01my god
08,01look at that pretty, pretty swiss face
Federer is a smarmyasaur?
http://postimage.org/image/65fecvohr/ there you go, one Silver Boulder, minus the silver boulder cutie mark
bc well I suck at that kind of thing
Anybody get my post 'bout the rp channel?
otakon dat mustache.... i shall draw him like armstrong ^-^
YES!
nice, otakon,
WITH SPARKLES GODDAMMTI!
otakon will do ^-^
08,01i wish i was htat trophy.
can anypony tell me why the kerbal space program game isnt working?
its the demo
sonicandmario85: demo is why
it loads than it just shows the logo
http://youtu.be/di6S1A6UxOw
08,01sonicandmario85: because you touch yourself at night
/me noms on FairysHuff
08,01FairysHuff: he is? he shouldnt be in here, then
FairysHuff: God, I remembe thta show
im 9
not 8
sonicandmario85: probably that, check to see if you can even run it or not
otakon, give me... until... i think later this afternoon alright? Im working on another drawing atm ^-^
http://youtu.be/qc-YMUWvA1s I love this song...
08,01sonicandmario85: we're a pg 14 channel, just so you know
icy told me that ages under 13 are allowed when i first joined
otakon One of my faves from the day
08,01also, what the hell are you guys doing asking me to link him to adult channels?
08,01who was it asked me to do that?
^
wait who?
what?
Da fuq?
panda-drawing: np man
Wut?...
oh boy let me go get the pop-corn
/me pulls up a chair
the hell?
WOOOOOOOOOO Roger Federer wins his 7th Wim
This is gonna be *good*...
also i didnt see anything in the rules about being underaged..
/me brings out the "DIS GUNNA B GUD" sign.
The pineapple on the top of the wimbledon trophy is the best thing ever
Want some pop-corn otakon?
CrimsonPhoenix: sure!
otakon xD
08,01FairysHuff: someone was aking me to link sonicandmario85 to certain channels, having previously linked himself
/me leans against a wall
/me gives a hadnfull of pop-corn
Hii twilight_sprinkle! *noms*
Time to investigate... the logs!
08,01if i remember who it was, theyre getting a tempban
Oooo~
Oooh... shit's got real, yo.
Daaaang
TO THE LOGS!
ohai Unnr *hugs*
hey twilight_sprinkle hows your day been
sonicandmario85: 'You must be at least 13 years old to use PonyChat without parental supervision. IRC may not be suitable for children of any age. Please supervise your child’s IRC session.'
FairysHuff: dude it wasn't you was it?
/me presses C + F
also my parents know im on here
well okay
otakon I was busy posting 80s youtube cartoon vids to care
alexxm: mostly good, Roger Federer just won his 17th grand slam!
that's ONE thing out of the way
ok twilight_Sprinkle
twilight_sprinkle: but, but Murray... T__T
08,01FairysHuff: apparently, they wanted to RP with them
13i see a rain rain~
/me pounce hugs Shizuka <3
Unnr: i do feel sorry for him, but its his own fault, his game wasnt for grass
13<3
Unnr: i hope hell win a slam in the future, but he needs to adjust his game for grass in the future
08,01sonicandmario85: srsly, this isnt a great place for a 9 year old
i dont care
/me hugs Shizuka und Rain
Nope. <.< >.>
Unnr: at least Roger is going to beat some more records :3
twilight_sprinkle: He had decent grass game, but he just played too hard in the middle of the second set.
/me hugs VioletVanilla sooooo tight <3<3<3
13viviiiiiiiiii~<#
Oooooooh
hi VioletVanilla.
Woah, its a vivi! o/ !!!!!!!!
GilDash That would be cruel
VioletVanilla!
Hey there, Vivi!
Unnr: imo he played to defensively, he often just put the ball in court, and because of that Federer had him running around a lot so he got tired
/me hugs VioletVanilla "Hello dear! How are you today?"
/me hugs VioletGreySha
/me hugs VioletVanilla
im just here because im a brony and i just want to chat and watch a live stream if anys on
Unnr: that sure was one hell of a game, that 20 min one
Bronysith: aww no hugs for me?
sonicsndmario85: nope, none on right now
twilight_sprinkle: it was the advantage that never ended
13http://i.imgur.com/eadDJ.gif viviiiii~
/me hugs everypony
sonicandmario85 And you don't need any other reason. Your welcome. Just be sure to know that things get a little explicit at times in here.
Ohai Vi
06(:
ohai VioletVanilla :3
/me hugs Vi <3
06Hallo~
/me hugs VioletVanilla back
Hi
Unnr: yah :D oh well, Andy has another chance soon enough, the olympics in London in two weeks
dawwwww, Shizuka saved the cat hug gif I linked a long time ago~ <3
*nods*
also i got another reason
/me hugs VioletVanilla :3
Hii
Unnr: although i hope Roger wins it too, then he will have a golden career slam, thats very rare
How do I change my name?
to watch kerbals get slaughterd
type /nick
XD
hey VioletVanilla hows your day been
06Very good~
06c:
If anyone wants the AATC rp channel link, it's in irc.mibbit.net and the channel name is munketteshipper.
Hi
06How about you all?
hai CCCP
twilight_sprinkle: we shall see. Mwuhahahahahaha.
Unnr: anyway brb, i need to go eat and rest, all of my nerves died in that match
Good to hear dear! I've been better to be honest.
hello CCCP
hey CCCP hows your day been
/me nomz CCCP
08,01FairysHuff: iim discussing something with someone
Hi everyone
I can't
Ohai CCCP!~~
Hello there, CCCP.
Tab people
FairysHuff: It might be cruel, but you've got to be cruel to be kind sometimes... :S
Tired, VioletVanilla. Very tired.
i'm good VioletVanilla
/me 13curls up in vivi's mane~<3
Symphony, no advertisin
Okay, sorry
VioletVanilla ist beste pony
GilDash No... no you really don't. ~_~ I wish my family had learned the concept of kindness. Maybe I wouldn't be so withdrawn now.
BRB everypony, grabbing the noms
FairysHuff: My family eas overkind to me, trust me it helps. :D
Son:Dad...im scared. PewDiePie:I DONT CAREEEE!
GilDash I wouldn't know sadly >_>
FairysHuff: Well, take it from someone who does. :D
holy shit ON ARI!
*AIR
FairysHuff: If you were found out in a cinema you'd be kicked out. Should it really be any different. :S
:o
what?
:) MUSIC!
oh boy!
P is for pony
it's VI RADIO SHOW!
moozziks
STREAM
13yay vivi music~
Suddenly Vivi stream
God I've missed these
VioletVanilla time? :o
eeyup
Vivi stream?
/me drops what he's doing.
feel good man, feels good...
whos streaming?
Wait a stream has started?
06;D
Indeed
:3
VioletVanilla is
:) thank you dear
:D
otakon: Must be lag~
Oh heck yesh <3
OH GODDAMMIT Wrek YOU RUINED THE MOMENT!
The moment is ruined...
O.o
stupid kick bot
And thankfully this stream is neither Gmod or endless coding O_o Thankyou streamer
06FairysHuff <3
Oh, lol
What the hell is this?
dat Vi
06Musik silly~
06My radio show!
FairysHuff: VioletVanilla ca ALWAYS be depended upon for good music of all kinds.
13liebe vivi~<3
VioletVanilla *Cuddles*
yay~ vivi stream~~~~<3<3<3
WAT
Vi Radio is back and no one told me?
this would totally suit watching kerbals get slaughterd XD
Lol!
Seriously. I was going insane with the many hours of Coding that was on stream earlier O_o
GabeMoist: it just happens man
it's a wonderful surprise I'm lucky enough to be here for
06Oh sweeties, do I have something special in store for you~
I blame you for this otakon
/me hugs VioletVanilla "Thank you!"
yay.^_^
Danke~
How long ago did it start?
i wonder if pahse4 or sumica ever made it to the moon on there XD
VioletVanilla Oh really now :3
06Just started~
phase4*
GabeMoist: just now
06Anything you hear on here you must enjoy!
sweet, just in time
:) you haven't missed but a moment
VioletVanilla *Backs away... *... what... what do you have in store? *Looks for exit*
vivi~
06Derpy_Hooves <3
hiya Derpy_Hooves!
/me hugs
VioletVanilla :( im on my phone :( anywas i can purchase a cd????
Derpy_Hooves: how have ya been man?
FairysHiff i doubt it's anything bad
DERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRPY
I geet LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOST
otakon: good
hey Derpy_Hooves hows yoru day been
VioletVanilla: Oh hi I thought I kept hearing random music :P
Heya Derpy_Hooves :3
alexxm: good
hai :3/
hi Irish_Pony
Yeaaahhh
06panda-drawing: I can not say. . . its not ready yet~ c;
yeah, Vi is the kind of streamer that streams inherently good stuff, not just silly/insane/trolly stuff and hello Irish_Pony! You are JUST in time for Vi Radio Show!
dat electroswing
I bet Vi is working on ValtheNooooo the Sequel
I hate iPads!,
06NuJazz~
<3
VioletVanilla o_O is this new? it sounds awesome :O Jazzponiez~
Jazz~ <3
pony_449570: Okay?
What
woo hoo music~
/me loves some good jazz! :)
Oops
VioletVanilla ^-^ aww... ill just have to wait.... hm.... donations accepted?
Haha
Oh hey, RaveBrony. Haven't seen ya around for a while. :)
06panda-drawing: PM maybe? c:
Oh shit is so smooth! *slides around chat*
Ugh
Hiya Ninjazz! :$
Electronic Jazz?
Yay
Whoa
Name change
VioletVanilla *HUgs for the jazz* ^_^
Hi cypress wolf
Hey CCCP :$
Hi ravebrony
I'm back
Wb.
:o
Yes!
Oo~ This day Aria~
<3
/me dances http://iambrony.steeph.tp-radio.de/mlp/gif/130645776771.gif
dose minor chords
06This ist going to be the BEST radio show yet~
Hi lil b and killer pony
Hey! It's the song that won that award!
Vi Radio uber alles.
VioletVanilla: will there be ice cream and cookies?
Hello
and egg nog?
Ninjazz, award?
I can't post links ;(
Can't forget the egg nog
...
oh the tom award
>I could care less
Dat dari
^
hi CCCP :)
Sorry but I now hate this song
CrimsonPhoenix, didn't BronyState give this song that best song award.
With a burning vengeance
*couldn't
I finally bought new headphones :)
*couldn't care less
Whine whine whine. :P
lol
*couldn't
*care
*Fucking
I already told you
oh I know why
>I could care less
yeah that was rigged cause of hype
*less
grammar reasons
lol
I must rework my version of this song XD it doesn't sound good in my opinion XD
I hate anyone who says that
I hate this song SOOOO MUCH
Kickbots are on a roll yo.
Dari has the reverse of a fetish for bad English.
GODDAMMIT YOU KNOW WHAT SHE MEANS, GET OFF YOUR HIGH HORSE BRITS!
It is just inherently ridiculous and wrong.
NO OTAKON.
because ppl overreact like so..........................................
GabeMoist: I do.
XD
WELL IT'S TRUE DAMMIT
I couldn't care more.
06I present . .
otakon, you lagging?
06A new work. . .
06ENjoy this
otakon: Must be some major lag~
... !
Oh gosh
o_o
06I have worked for a while on it~
i love how writers made a plothole just for a song xD
didn't Fry say something along those lines?
VioletVanilla gasp Oo
like..."Verbing the noun" or some such?
...
VioletVanilla: sounds something from Mass Effect 3 o_o
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Very much so
I swear I've heard something like this before...
it sounds familiar again
Allo everypony.
06prepare your bodies~
/me 13's heart explodes from viviwub
Ninjazz: You and me both
dari is so silly :3
hiya Meanwhile
hi Shizuka
Hey there, Meanwhile.
Suddenly wubs
Dat change
Suddenly.
and SUDDEN BASS
that's not dubstep
hi Shizuka
Oh sweet, ViVi's radio is on.
hahahahah
I like it
REAVER RAVE
Talk about timing.
I did NOT see that coming
VioletVanilla /me Gets jiggy wid it
None of us did.
06Dance ponies dance!!
/me still can't shake how familier it sounded though
^
^^
Ninjazz of course it does :D
hey Meanwhile hows your day been
06I present you with Luna's Nightmare Night Masquarade!
:O
There it is!
/me jams
/me bobs his head to the music
Hey guys
it's eerie
what the original song from exactly?
06Luna by Eurobeat Brony
Vi never ceases to surprise me with her talent.
^
and to a lesser extent girls because we all know women don't go on the interenet
What dari said.
I would dance to this in a rave
/me hopes to go to a con in Amerika to play her musik like this
what con?
PLease do!
We would welcome you with open arms.
I need to know what to save up for
FairysHuff: Yeah, I was moshing just the other day. Bad neck, shoulders and head to show for it too. :D
This is amazing~
VioletVanilla, it'll be better than any dubstep we hear everyday
^
CrimsonPhoenix, damn straight.
VioletVanilla: Come over to the UK too. :)
GilDash heheh Yeh I had to stop years ago ^_^ Shame. It's the only way I know to dance. LOL
Any music > dupstep
SEE EVERYPONY? You do not need to drop the bass to make good music
We need to get all the bronystate musicians to form a team
Yepyep
but it WAS dropped
Yup.
YESH! <3
then quickly picked up again
Ommg!
Bass is probably sad because people keep dropping it. :(
*OMg
wait....this is
THIS IS
O_O
I can sense a remix of one of my favorite songs anywhere. <3
yess! Rarity songs :)
Kick
errypony
Becoming as popular
Inb4 goddamnit.
GODDAMMIT!
as popular can be
Wombo combo!
lolololol
DJ Vivi at a Bronycon? FUND THE SHIT OUT OF THAT.
lol
Rarity! ;)
GODDAMMIT!
AHAAHAHAH
LOL
trolololololol
GODDAMMIT!
lol
06So much kick. .
Vivi do you have a youtube channel?
Too funny.
Still one of the weirdest chats to join
VioletVanilla Yes. Get your ass to UK ^_^
CrimsonPhoenix: I've asked her so many times...
otakon: Kicking spree!
Wombo tri combo.
Tri Wombo Combo
/me is lost
/me finds RaveBrony.
Vi should come to BUCK. :P
brb
LOVE IS IN BLOOM~
Apparently, im not intuned with the chat stuffs
I wonder who's gotten kicked more, otakon or Bjorn?
GabeMoist: otakon easily.
It's that other song that everyone loves so much but didn't win that award!
otakon: Oh, haha :D
GabeMoist: me, over 80 in the lifetime of me beinng here.
otakon: You are making a sport out of it
*being
Ninjazz, I wanted SMile to win
killerpony7733: I hate being kicked it's aggravating
since you know, it's far more spectacular
http://memegenerator.net/instance/21449256?urlName=Slutty-Samus&browsingOrder=New&browsingTimeSpan=AllTime
otakon: I swear, it's because of your lag~
heh
otakon: Well lol
CrimsonPhoenix, I was going throught the flavor of the week thing. >.>
I doubt anyone comes close to otakon's number of kicks.
Knew it~
OH COME ON!
bye Starflash
o:
Cya, Starflash. Take care.
Good evening guys.
Hey there, Malavolent.
sonicandmario85: Fun fact, the kick script is a bot.
O_o
VioletVanilla Will you be streaming for a while? I have to go shopping which will take about an hour at least. ~_~
Oi. This sounds like Archie or something.
06Its Archie
Woo~
I don't think the dari kick was a bot
is it just me or there is no image?
dari kick is lag.
sonicandmario85: they have bot scripts that auto kick on 6 messages in 10, however you can "stack" messages seperately so you enter 6=kicked, enter one upon entering again carries over to another kick and so forth
seatsea: it's music
No image, seatsea.
Just sweet, sweet sound.
it's Vi's Radio Show!
One of the true highlights of this site :)
Is there a stream?
<3
CCCP: Yes
CCCP music stream
CCCP: eeyup, refresh dammit!
Can't disagree.
most amazing song to walk into the room to
wub is in bloom
Oh
:)
Ninjazz: http://derpy.me/jKS5Z :3
Stream is currently limited to (Fantastic) audio.
CCCP: Youre missing the music! :[
I can't hear it ;(
could i have the link plz
>On chat.
CCCP: turn up the volume?
>Not on the site.
>why
thanks
Right folks. I'm off to go food shopping. Hopefully VioletVanilla Will still be streaming when I return.
see you soon FairysHuff
Sagas I dont even have the box thingy
Malavolent, okay. She's... brushing her mane. That's okay... I think. >.> *represses hate*
Lil_B Hope so ^_^
Ded.
Cya, FairysHuff. Take care.
Ninjazz: Gracefully ^^
bye FairysHuff take care!
bye FairysHuff
Bye fairsyhuff
:O
bye FairysHuff
FairysHuff|Away: See ya! :)
:) another remix :)
CrimsonPhoenix he rarely gets something doen, but when he does its usually good
Malavolent, I can think of a pony that can do so better, but that's just me. ^_^;
that videogame feel
I wish my computer could run Just Cause 2 multiplayer
shit it's sunday isnt it?
CrimsonPhoenix: chiptune
for some reason this remix seems sad to me
<3
Ninjazz: See? You're starting to like her :)
:O
Lil_B, his latest, I hate it
Dovah: eeyup
Dovah: eeyup.
Malavolent, grrrr.
Dat identical message.
Oh, almost. I forgot otakon can't write full stops.
fuuuuuck i have so much research and crap to do to day but i no wanaa! :(
Meanwhile: and no "You cannot post identical message" filter crap.
Ninjazz: It's okay, we've got a long way to go, denial is the first stage :)
Anyway, if anyone here plays LoL: http://derpy.me/tbrTw
CrimsonPhoenix (I don't really like it eather, I'm just saying that its normaly well produced :) )
/me huffs at Malavolent 'Naw, ah. She's worst pony"
Malavolent: Twisted Fate is best pony.
That is not a small thing otakon.
^
It's a crime against the English language.
It's "Couldn't care less"
Honestly.
People like you who don't care are part of the reason all this bullshit ruining the langauge goes unchecked.
Meanwhile: I agree, it's a nice drawing :)
06So I must ask, hearing Luna's Nightmare Night Masquarade, what song would you like to hear from me next? (:
O_o
Decisions. >_<
ScootaChicken, just like "day in age" instead of "day and age"?
any stream?
That's not evolution
That's just wrong.
VioletVanilla: anything you would like.
^
There is a difference
otakon: That's language becoming stupid.
winter wrap up of course
VioletVanilla: Whatever you want~
VioletVanilla whatever you like :)
yep SeaponiesofLiverpool
HELL YEAH!
I'll go and talk to him then
Yea
Oh snap!!
I only see darkness
I could care less, meaning she actually enjoys the dress to some degree
Good Ol' Days, eh?
otakon: Stephen Fry doesn't say 'Could care less'
Point invalid.
Hooray, wunderbar choice~
*moopy has joined chat* hey everypony
TOMBSTINE
tombstone
hi xxMoopyxx
hi
ScootaChicken: except he flat out says it doesn't matter.
Hey guys I'm offering a free download of my first brony song
Kick snare kick snare kick snare kick snare kick snare kick snare
The day I hear Stephen Fry say "I could care less" is the day I peel my own face.
hold on I'll find it
pm for link and download code
ScootaChicken: wait what?
SeaponiesofLiverpool this is a sound only stream video lags to much for the mod streaming
What makes you think I care what Stephen Fry says anyway?
Meanwhile: hold on
VioletVanilla where did you learn to make music (especially working with software)?
hey xxMoopyxx hows your day been
The only thing I care about is idiots shitting on my language.
good
Kick snare kick snare kick snare kick snare kick snare kick snare kick snare kick snare
hey prince dari, do you want free brony music?
VioletVanilla, ALL the instruments?
I FOUND IT!
GabeMoist: Text speak I can deal because it's not inherently wrong, just the shorthand is annoying to read.
Play ALL the instruments! c:
"I could care less", however, is just bullshit
otakon
[19:04] What makes you think I care what Stephen Fry says anyway?
[19:04] The only thing I care about is idiots shitting on my language.
jSUT LISTEN TO IT
Hey you know the new guy i was telling you about yesterday? well his computer has been banned from the FBI cause he was on a hacked games so yeah
I COULDN'T care less about what he thinks.
http://memegenerator.net/instance/10373246?urlName=Slutty-Samus&browsingOrder=New&browsingTimeSpan=AllTime
White rage.
otakon: No video links during the stream.
ScootaChicken: shush.
otakon: yeah no vid links in stream.
You know better.
ALL the English rage.
06In Uni, doing Musik I literally learned how to play every branch of instrument possible (:
Meanwhile: you too! just watch and listen
VioletVanilla: I'm sorry for the link, but I must enlighten these brits a bit.
VioletVanilla: What instruments you can play?
CCCP: Not sure if disgusted or want
06Malavolent: CAN I play or DO I play?
CCCP who made that meme
otakon: YOU want to enlighten /anyone/? Pardon me while I go laugh a bit.
Smile. <3
hey superbrony64 you here bro?
VioletVanilla: That's amazing~ Very nice~ ^^
Meanwhile: have fun peeling your face.
VioletVanilla, what about Accordian?
VioletVanilla: Ok, what instruments do you enjoy playing?
I aint got no clue what yalls talkin bout, i has the bestest of all da englisheses
Killerpony7733:)
06GabeMoist: Learned~
Best song of the series
Alexxm some horny gamer
ViVi is most talented pony.
The question is VioletVanilla, can you play the Irish Bazouki?
so far CrimsonPhoenix
VioletVanilla, the kazoo?
Well alexxm season 3 is still far
VioletVanilla: Winter Wrap Up PLease
hey how come i can't see anything on screen i have a black screen
0,5Vivi should play the rainbow bunchie song :3
13what part of every instrument are ponies not getting..
it's just music atm
xxMoopyxx: There is no spoon.
xxMoopyxx: Cuz its just music :)
xxMoopyxx sound stream
Shizuka: the whole thing?
ScootaChicken: Well, can you play the Vuvuzela?~
08,01im dying my cosplay jeans!
Shizuka, the kazoo is not just any instrument
very few can master it
Winter Wrap-up was spectacular in season 1 and now we have this for season 2
Nyria: I lived in England during the World Cup, what do you fucking think.
08,01im going to be the token fat pinkie pie at buck
13vivi plays the wub, that is all that matters
shizu: Same kind of effect as the faq page.
hey guys if you want a free brony music, send me a pm
Oh ok no wonder the screen is pitch black
06Malavolent: I enjoy Piano the most. . . It was my first/original instrument. After that I would say Harp, then bass, percussion, cello, viola, flute, clarinet
ScootaChicken: Fair enough~
08,01otakon: as?
note to myself, get to an Universary now and learn everything I could never learn in this wasteland I call home
a*
I wanna play the accordion ;_; Piano was not enough for me...
06Would you like a little piano musik?
I would.
VioletVanilla: Whoa, how old are you? So many instruments...
VioletVanilla, now you just need to learn to play them all at once and play Pinkie's Polka
Yus
Sure! :)
Yes please Vi.
yes please, VioletVanilla :D
You learned how to play all the instruments during Uni, VioletVanilla, or?... like before then?
>EQD: The worldwide leader in pony.
Harps are fun!
wish I could still play the piano...
Is there anyone else that is upset about this?
SMIIIIIIIIILE!!!
CrimsonPhoenix: About what?
WallDives you lost the ability to play it?
this song is one of the best in the show
EQD banner
08,01CrimsonPhoenix: yes
I'm not alone then
CrimsonPhoenix, as upsetting as ESPN calling themselves the worldwide leader in sports.
08,01though, they have been pretty good to BUCK
alexxm: I concur
06Dumm lag. .
Everyone knows Bronystate is the real leader
:D
Well, I've never seen any other site like EQD so I can't really judge anything.
Lil_B, kinda...boxers break kinda ruins it.
Agreed, GabeMoist.
Meanwhile, derpyhoovenews
But my other new friend will be joining with us around later time Ranger Danger will be
Never heard of it CrimsonPhoenix.
WallDives I just stopped playing it :(
06Are you ponnies ready?
Eeyup.
Yush.
My body is never ready.
06Can you hear alright??
^
Suprise me.
It needs more love I say and yes VioletVanilla I am
Eeyup.
Yes.
O.O
same here
yeah i can hear it
Its vague
whats this?
06Live musik~
oh boy
Live?...
OH SHNAP
:o
Yes live you schmuck.
My body cannot be more ready
oh
nice
Like... Live live?!
My body is ready.
Live!?!
HO SHEET.
Oh shnap!
Good grief how is it you aren't aware that she plays the piano live during this? :P
Didn't realise this was live. :O
Dit it start? my stream is constantly buffereing :/
GilDash: You and me both :O
06Playing with lag ist very hard. . .
06aber. .
Meanwhile, I didn't know like she was actually moving her hands on a keyboard for us. o_o
06uguuu
o:
Uguu
Ninjazz: Herp ALL the derp.
>__(\
Lol :D
YES.
Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude
EPIC.
11,02Dat VioletVanilla ^-^
:O
dat SuperBrony64
I can't believe this is live now
hey vivi :)
hi superbrony :)
Dat sneaky SuperBrony64!
and SuperBrony64
08,01wheeeeeeee
dat frail SuperBrony64. -_-
:p
hey SuperBrony64 hows your day been
:)
FrailBrony64
ohai SuperBrony64 :)
I finally made a Violet stream ^_^ - This is the highlight of my day
Mah gawd...
I cannot believe this is live
dat Luna
/me breaks out their harp. Time to improv.
it's impossible
CrimsonPhoenix, you and me both...
CrimsonPhoenix, I believe it
wait this is live
Makes me sad that i stopped taking piano lessons....
yes it is alexxm.
alexxm: Yeah :P
RaveBrony /)
I want to ask a questoin... But I don't want to disturb her. o_o
Lil_B: (\
Ninjazz: Lol :D
damn WallDives and RaveBrony VioletVanilla has a lot of talent
alexxm: Ikr! :)
yeah
She's playing drums and piano at the same time.
That's why she's talented.
Malavolent drum machine or sarcasm?
Its probably a setting on the piano if its electronic
She's secretly a machamp
with a drum stick in her mouth
and has 4 arms
/me claps
damn chat derp....
Beautiful!!
/me applaudes
great song
/me stands and ovates
Lil_B: I wouldn't make fun of her talent.
/me ovates and stands
nice
VioletVanilla, please tell us there is a way to get that song.
0_0
/me stomps hooves on the ground "Encore ^-^"
^
^^
Ninjazz, only if you were recording
damn. :c
Malavolent sry, I didn't want to sound mean, it was a bad joke :(
Im sure shes recording through her computer... right?? D:
Right?...
LADIES AND GENTLECOLTS, PUT YOU HOOFS TOGETHER FOR VIOLET!
08,01my god
08,01my mother is so annoying sometimes
D:
08,01she keeps putthing the phone up to my ear and tells me to say things at my Auntie Bangharum
08,01who doesn't speak english
is having seaponies from liverPOOL a bad pun?
lol
(as in pool of water)
08,01so i told her "if you put that phone up to my ear again, i'm going to start swearing in Telugu"
08,01she ran away when i said that
O_o
lol
08,01RaveBrony: i don't speak Telugu
08,01except for the swear words
I enjoy this
Swear it to her.
08,01which i specifically learned to stop my mother from doing this
Ahaha
Is this still live?? If it is im going to explode
RaveBrony, yes
the only french i remember is one swear word and i few greatings
/me explodes
/me faints
alexxm, which one?
osti?
CrimsonPhoenix merde
Oh
^
^^
Bai every ponzu
Bai Commie
Pony
bye CCCP
:D
see ya CCCP
I wub me sum ponzus
no
NO!
it's over?
IT'S OVER?!
08,01GabeMoist: Andhra Pradesh
08,01and... well, yeah
08,01they can't exactly do taht
The republic of India has wayyyy to many official languages
phew! it's not!
06Hold on a momoent going to try to fix delay. .
it's just mips being a dick to me again
Well, scheduled langauges
/me holds a mement
im only getting black
Sweetie_Belle: it's just music
So otakon, getting some lag?
otakon: oh
o_o
06While I try to fix this. .
here comes the sun
Beatles <3
George Harrison <3
/me suddenly feels at peace
yay my fav beatles song!
lol
Dat kick
Here comes the sun*sun falls on me* AHHHHHHH IT BURNS!
^_^ Glad I got new headphones today - its been months since I could hear the left speaker
Getting kicked to this song.
who got kicked
o_o
wat
o.o
O_O
best remix
that can't be godo
Okie Dokie... lokie.
eeeeerm
LAG
woah what?
suddenly feedback of dewn
*dewm
Remember, man. 'Murika.
ScootaChicken: get off it for God's sake, you fish chomping blighter.
08,01# at first i was afraid / i was petrified #
Didn't English come from Norse?
Hey otakon.
GabeMoist: came from Latin IIRC
08,01# when pinkie dug a sharpened knife into my side #
08,01sorry, i just had to; it was kicking about my head
I.E. I do care an unspecified amount.
HEY EVERYPONY! :)
MFW otakon fails
hello Ponies47
[19:27] I.E. I do care an unspecified amount.
You're an idiot.
08,01CrimsonPhoenix: the other night, one of my comittee told me that they'd been having it off with another member of the comittee
08,01so i spent abotu 5 minutes writing alternative lyrics to Giggle at the Ghosties
Hello there, Ponies47.
otakon, I thought it came from Norse languages since it has a lot in common with other german languages
hai Ponies47
otakon: 4 grams.
You're kind of missing the point, aren't you otakon
It's an unspecified amount, because that's what "I could care less means"
of it was on the giggle at the ghosties? I thought of I will survive
otakon: And straight off a waterfall.
08,01i sang it at the committee and... jaws dropped with disbelief that 1) they'd had the ol' rumpy pumpy and 2) i'd made up a song about it in 5 mintues
Meanwhile: I've got floaty wings!
08,01well, i say jaws dropped
I am enjoying the song, the music on stream is a perfect calming background when arguing with idiots.
08,01what really happened was that i almost ashpyxiated half the committee with laughter
/me hugs Dari <3
otakon, but sharp rocks are in your way
/me hugs Vi back <3
Huh? What's everyone talking about?
08,01otakon: rumpy pumpy.
13why are ponies arguing...
dont know.
13why are we not just listening to vivi's wonderful music..
Because language is serious buisness.
music is more important.
i don't like arguing....
^This
11,02i liek poniez ^-^
And we /are/ listening.
English is a language that is a mix of French and Germanic
08,01"i could care less" establishes an upper bound of caring
couldn't care less : to care the planck amount , because caring less for all intents and purposes equals not caring at all
so Take Old Norse and Pump in a bit of Latin
Bicycle!
BIIIIIICYCLE
11,02BICYCLE
08,01"i couldn't care less" is correct in its semantics, as it establishes a lower bound, which is the intention of the phrase
Bicycle.
Bicycle!
13HOYLE
13wait
Hoyle?
cards.
13BEE
13no..
bicycle
Shizuka got jokes.
13yeah bicycle
Um...hi everyone?
'And I don't like Star Wars'
hai AttacktheAndalite
08,01HI ATTACKTHEANDALITE!
Freddie Mercury
06Hallo AttacktheAndalite~
GTFO
/me 08,01hugs AttacktheAndalite
hello AttacktheAndalite
hi AttacktheAndalite
ScootaChicken: good song, shush.
/me wants to ride his unicycle
ScootaChicken the fudge you just say to Freddie Mercury?
BICYCLE!
ooh, queen :D
08,01ScootaChicken: you only get to diss when you can sing better than freddie mercury
UNICYCLE
Tricycle.
Meanwhile: Get Totally Flipping Obscene.
I think.
Bicycle-Repairman TO THE RESCUE!
unicycle
ScootaChicken: Get Tortoise Fins Ovenbaked
WAGON
ring
lets see if anybody gets the reference...
Ding Ding.
RACE!
ding ding
RIIIIIINNNNGGGGG
Of course, Lil_B.
/me riffs
11,02I take it this song has something to do with a 'bicycle'...
Lil_B: I don't get it...
bells everywhere
SuperBrony64: do you NOT know Queen?
i'll stab you with an Icicle
SuperBrony64: Nah, s'about vans.
SuperBrony64, nope
otakon: He's not Nyria.
Starflash otakon a Scene in Monty Pythonds Flying Circus
ScootaChicken: good point.
11,02The only song I know from Queen is Bohemian Rhapsody.
those extra rings
BICYCLE!
SuperBrony64, there's a bit more that are pretty decent.
I like the extra add ins
SuperBrony64: Whaaaaaaaa?
Fat bottom girls make the world go 'round ^.^
08,01everone prepare to be jealous
GO GO PONY RANGERS
O___O
ponibas: :)
08,01i have a whole box of profiteroles here
08,01and THEY'RE ALL MINE
THIS GUY!
Pixel Hero!
woah what?
I hate profiteroles.
/me 08,01fails at diet
11,02Profiteroles? o.o
Bicycle Songs from Queen is as good as the Bicycle song from Earthbound :)
Dummeh, right?
I have NEVER heard this one before..
08,01yup, definitely going to be the token fat fluttershy...
08,01er, pinkie pie
08,01heh
08,01fattershy
What song is this? It's strangely calming.
XD
Other than the Xylophone, this song is by a dude named Dummeh, i think.
11,02Never heard of profiteroles before... :/
AttacktheAndalite: no idea, ask VioletVanilla
08,01i'm going to be Pinkie (who ate all the) Pie
Hey ViVi, what song is thiiis?
man... reminds me... I want to learn how to use the freaking NOISE-Channel in the NES, C64 And Gameboy Pklugin right :/ I never get the sounds right :/
Profiteroles BOOM! Profiteroles , SOON! Profiterooooooles ..... they beat the crap out of sausagerolls
SuperBrony64: Chous?
11,02Just looked it up online, you mean cream puff :3
So. Did you guys miss me? :3
08,011) get choux pastry
08,012) get cream
choux, gah
08,013) get chocolate
Hay Ponies47
08,014) ????
08,015) PROFITEROLES
06Orchestral Blips - Blake Robinson
Blake Robinson.
Thaanks~
13blip blip
VioletVanilla: thank you! :)
6) Post it on Bronystate
So many mods talking 6_9
/me 13boops vivi's nose
ikr
11,02Why do I get the feeling I'm in some sort of demented circus O~O
Shizuka: I thought it was "Honk"?
08,01Starflash: WOOOOOOO! \o/
SuperBrony64: Because you're the biggest clown in here? :P
SuperBrony64, you're in Bronystate
Ponies47: bc everyone is here
/me 08,01<3 sb and shizu
SuperBrony64, ambience?
SuperBrony64: Because you are?
13vivi > *
otakon: True
SuperBrony64: Because Kefka
/me plays march of the gladiators
Yes. <3
08,01Starflash: if you combine me and Rain, you get *sunglasses* a golden shower.
Live remix. :D
08,01YEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAH
YEAH!
BOOOOO
Wahah.
oh yeah
...
YAY!
I did not need to read that.
Celes_Chere, but XAttack spam handles him.
08,01otakon: you know why
Meanwhile: I agree.
08,01otakon: it's to do with touching
08,01and yourself
08,01and at night
Dat kick
At night.
11,02Dat otakon kick
OH GODDAMMIT AASK!
:D
WHEN is Wrek coming back?
otakon soon
never :P
Hmm... or maybe éclairs >_> but anyways
profiteroles are amazing
SOON.
good he take this goddamn bot offline
That was the worst camping trip ever. I missed Euro Movie Night, constat fighting, pretty much no sleep at all, my step brother being a (squee)hole, being bit by a fish ect -_-
I assume after BUCK.
/me stomps on Wrek bot
>Implying the bot isn't online when he's actually at his computer.
*constant
08,01oh hey
SOON http://suptg.thisisnotatrueending.com/archive/19599628/images/1340514749182.jpg
08,01prepare to be even more jealous
Ponies47: what kind of fish?
08,01i have mangoes
08,01that is all
yay?
Where was Gondor when I hate mangoes?
13vivi ist the most wubful ever
13anypony who disagrees is dumb und should feel dumb
13that ist all
Agreed.
08,01hahaha
aww yeah paradise city
as much as I want to stay and listen, I gave to go. Thanks for the radio stream, VioletVanilla.
08,01<3 shizu
inb4 +m again
Dat Guns n Roses
Where was Gondor when disagreeing is dumb?
yay Paradise City :)
YAY!
otakon: I have no idea. But don't worry I'll be fine :P
HO SHEET!
/me hugs WallDives
He's gone. :c
08,01my god
08,01tortoises
08,01are massive
YEAH!
http://cheezburger.com/6209836544
08,01actally
06Wehn I fix some lag problem I will play more piano for you. ..
Yay :3
VioletVanilla: odl dear, thank you again!
/me 13grabs rain und snuggles with vivi~<3
06Did you enjoy it though?
13wo ist canary
08,01Lil_B: <3
/me snuggles with Shizu and Vivi~ <3
VioletVanilla yes, very much~
08,01Shizuka: canary is moping somewhere
Indeed.
VioletVanilla I envy your playing<3
She's not doing well.
08,01Wom 46
Poor lass.
06. .
06Hmmm. .
Shizuka: she broke up with her boyfriend, she's a bit sad atm.
08,01my god, i love insects
/me doesn't
/me hates snakes
08,01i just saw a *really cute* mantis nymph
AttacktheAndalite: just the Mantis really.
NOT THE BEES
08,01GabeMoist: i has a bees
otakon: And the black widow spider
08,01GabeMoist: y'know, my bees are arriving next week
AttacktheAndalite: oh yeah, but NOT an insect.
the worst of all bees
arachnid
AttacktheAndalite Spiders aren't insects :) they are arachnomorphs :3
GabeMoist: you mean those giant damn wasps? the ones bigger than my thumb?
06Ponies want to dance?
Japanese Giant Hornets.
YES!
otakon, Lil_B I forgots that
08,01have i ever shown you pics of me in a beesuit?
Meanwhile: NO
I could go for a dance.
/me is not a dance pony.
08,01tending to hives
08,01i'll video the give installation next week
But on the other hoof. I have good news. I just might be able to go to CANTERLOT GARDENS IN SEPTEMBER! :)
otakon, the ones that lay eggs in Tarantulas and have the second most painful insect sting, yes
08,01and stream it
06Dance like Twilight! <3
08,01*hive
GabeMoist: ah
/me does the Twilight
/me 13dances like a silly filly
I can't dance any other way than like Twilight. :P
08,01i'm going to name my queen Shizuka <3
/me waves his arms around
My dancing sucks :s
/)<
I can't dance here... wait... I have no dance moves to begin with :3 so yeah... I'm probably dancing pretty much like Twilight XD
I got no hooves
06I am going to play Luna's Nightmare Night Masquarade as an encore, followed by some other dancing tracks (:
otakon: Bullet ants
08,01GabeMoist: i will get a *lot* of honey out of it
AttacktheAndalite: the hell is a Bullet Ant?
08,01abotu 50kg - 60 kg
Wait who's streaming music anyways? 6_9
otakon, the most painful insect
otakon: Let me find it
08,01and that's just from one hive
otakon: It's an ant with a sting equated on the pain scale to being shot.
06Ponies47: I am~
Meanwhile: O_O
08,01otakon: 1 hive
SOME ONE PLEASE RECORD IT THIS TIME.
VioletGreySha: yay! :3
otakon, they sheik and have a bite that feels like a bullet
otakon: Oh, and their screech is like a banshee before it stings
08,01yup
*shriek
AttacktheAndalite: woah
06Ninjazz: Shhh~ I will be releasing it, along with others soon. . . c:
please tell me their in the deepest parts of the Amazon
/me squees
:D
yay!
otakon: I know right? Too bad I can't find a video of a bullet ant's shreikings
AttacktheAndalite: it's somewhere
otakon: The natives where they are from use the ants in their coming of age ritual.
08,01when i split the hive off, i'll have 2 hives
Ponies47: wrong ping :P
/me attempts to get his body ready... but fails
/me hugs VioletGreySha
08,01and i'll need to name another queen...
welp
08,01i shall call her Vivi
otakon: That giant one-inch wasp from Indonesia or Malaysia
name her Chrysalis
08,01Flyboy: bees
AttacktheAndalite: ah
08,01Meanwhile: indeed
06Dance dance~
08,01well
Ninjazz nobody gets his body ready like Reaggie
Yusss
There's also an ant that travels in packs and has dismantled entire horses
Head is bobbing here
08,01Flyboy: why naming her Vivi, or why bees?
otakon: They sew the ants into a pair of gloves with the stingers facing inward and then wear them for several minutes.
/me dances more awkwardly than Twilight
08,01Flyboy: because i love bees
/me wiggles his arms around
hello everypony\
/me does the truffle shuffle.
08,01Flyboy: and i keep them
hiya Zetheross
hi Zetheross
08,01to produce sweet, sweet honey
Allo Zetheross
OH NO NOT THE BEES! AAAAH THEY'RE IN MY EYES!
VioletGreySha: Oops. I made that mistake again. It's happened before but not just to me. :$
brb guys need a drink
VioletGreySha hi there :)
08,01bees are actually quite docile
^
08,01unless you piss them off
Yer
does anypony know where or how you post a fanfic of mlp?
Bees die when they sting.
Bee's scare me :(
GabeMoist: Or that. :D
08,01GilDash|Dinner: wasps are bastards
Bees are fine... I hate Wasps
Africanized bees hat humanity
>steps on a wasp
Oooh...Africanised honey bees. Thos're just psychotic.
*hate
Meanwhile: Honeybees, at least
08,01actually, hornets, which as basically large wasps, are also docile
and then it ruins your foot. great
Im of the opinion bees never like me to begin with
08,01so if you see an absolutely massive yellowjacket, it's just as likely to sting as a bee
Bee's, wasps, ect I'm scared of :s
08,01or rather, jsut as unlikely
08,01also, bumblebees don't die when they sting
08,01only honeybees
im scared of all stinging insects cause ive been swarmed 5 times in my life and after the 5th time im scarred for life done
08,01AttacktheAndalite: also depends whether you're a horse
08,01bees hate horses
08,01i don't know why
it depends on how bullied they were during flight school!
08,01horses just seem to rile up bees, in my experience
Heck yeah~
Zetheross any idea why you've been swarmed so many times
Last couple of days, some wasps build a nest under the cover of the front porch - right above the door - I have to sneak out the back until I get some wasp spray
DANCE!
ive had my entire arms covered and such
/me dances decently not great but decent
VioletVanilla: oh em gee, this music is SOOO AWESOMESAUCE
Flyboy: I've always had cats and a dog in my house and I've never had an incident between either.
alexxm well man i guess its just wrong place at wrong time
Cats are more likely to scrap amongst themselves than with the dog.
alexxm 2 of the times my brother trew a hive at me
Meanwhile: it depends. some cats and dogs are more tolerant than others
what was it ? 100 beestings can kill ahorse , but 1 horsebite can kill 100 bees ?
Zethross damn he sounds like an ass
yea
Flyboy: I personally think cat and dog relations in cartoons aren't credible sources.
ive had my face covered too after that i was done
Howdy y'all!
Ninjazz you are still a better dancer than me XD
Hey there, Everlasting_Joy.
hello
/me is dancing in her chair
Lil_B, I really doubt that! XD
hi Everlasting_Joy
/me hugs Everlasting_Joy
Meanwhile: well most of the time they do exaggerate it but my dog hates cats, so i dunno.
Ninjazz hey, I'm not a good dancer, you're not a good dancer, let's do some not good dancing together
hey Everlasting_Joy what have you been up to
im sorry to ask again but does anypony know where to post or how to post up a fanfic?
Meanwhile: I'll believe it - I have 2 cats that cant be in the same room for any length of time - but both will hang out with the dogs if the other cat isnt there
Zetheross i suggest FIMfic
Zetheross: Try FiMfiction.
Howdy Ninjazz and Lil_B!
thanks guys
Ohai Lil_B :)
hello Ponies47
Hey Zetheross :)
alexxm: I just wish Scoot-Scootaloo would have played with me. Otherwise, it was kind of boring.
on that note does anyone here play league of legends and would like to play with me?
I think Val plays LoL.
Val on LoL? Really?
I can already hear the N
Who's streaming?
No*
08,01val's not been about recently
Everlasting_Joy: ViVi radio.
He's on Skype
08,01oh aye
08,01i should retreive my laptop
Meanwhile: Figured so :).
08,01so i can be on skype again
Where is your laptop? o:
well my in game name on LoL is Zetheross so if anyone wants to play just add me
i'm thinking of starting a nutzlocke run on crystal
Tea break.
whats LoL?
and i'm back, hey everypony
sonicandmario85: league of legends
back
wb back ingwaz
hey ingwaz hows your day been
league of legends and helllo ingwaz
ingwaz: it's VI RADIO SHOW!
Howdy ingwaz!
not too bad alexxm, how about yourself?
otakon.... okay?
Ghostbuster~ Aww yeah~
WHO
ARE
YOU
GANNA
CALL?!
lol
XD
combo breaker
06KICK BUSTER!
/me glomps VioletVanilla
it's been good ingwaz thinking of doing a nutzlocke run on crystal
Not Wrek it seems
Worth itt.
Are we crossing streams or something?
VioletVanilla: GHOSTBUSTER
/me hugs Bronysith
Celes_Chere: Maybe :D
alexxm: nutzlocke? something from LoL?
Ghost Nappa!
Wait.
lol
ingwaz: you missed the GREAT UPHEAVAL OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE BY "I COULD CARE LESS" caused by This Day Aria from the resident brits here.
Bhostguster!
CK|Catnap: /)
GETA GETA GETA
VEGEATE GETA GETA
VE VE VEGETA GETA GETA
Bronysith: (\
Ghosties is bucked now!!!!
WOO
God, now THIS is nostalgia
/me Pokes Bronysith
otakon: you're confusing me
/me dances
ingwaz catch the first pokemon you find on a route and if the pokemon faints it's dead
We came, we saw, we kicked it flank!
alexxm so like hardcore mode on diablo?
if someone asks if you're a god say yes
http://www.dorkly.com/article/17359/the-greatest-prank-nintendo-ever-pulled
Irish_Pony: :D Your Ghosties comment.
To be honest... our english Teacher (born scotsmann) would never mark "I could care less" as wrong...
Zethross i guess
Then he's a terrible English teacher.
mmk im off to play league later everypony!
VioletVanilla: I swear if you John Mayer I will love you to death :D
have fun!
Later Zetheross.
otakon: this day aria played without me here? damn, i wanted to be part of the rustiling of jimmies
in the name of Fluttershy i will win
HIYA EVERYPONY btw
lololo
Bronysith: yeah, you missed the Great Rustling of British Jimmies in the year of our Lord 2,012.
People being who?
Jimmies were rustled all around
hey Bronysith hows your day been
Meanwhile: agreed.
otakon: damn, cause you know what. i like the lyrics and stuff to this day aria. i just dont like the singer
One does not simple play This Day Aria, without rustling somebodys Jimmies
Lil_B: i love you
XD
otakon: YES
We need more jimmies to be rsutled
that's like 2 memes in one.
it's MEMECEPTION!
I still like the song but I wish they'd gotten the grammar right.
chat derped
wat?
no music...
Bronysith I'm... erm... thanks you :?
NO MUSIC!?!?
hey Bronysith hows your day been
Awwww.
Wait.
oh there it it
alexxm: good
is*
I should totally start giving out hour long mutes to people who use really horrific English.
alexxm: you?
otakon: does it actually say i "could" care less? not couldnt?
Inb4 goddamnit
ingwaz: eeyup
/me noms on Meanwhile s skull and his cinderblocks
otakon: huh...never really noticed
i'm good Bronysith might do a nutzlocke run on crystal
ok in that case I will now proceed to speak german
DO WHAT DAMMIT?
... is that Vivi on the Bass?
I missed that
Lil_B: I think so
I dunno, I think I'd enjoy the silence.
Lil_B hi and i think so ^^
Bass being dropped
think i'll play some borderlands
later
/me hugs Invi
have fun ingwaz
Take care ingwaz.
ingwaz: have fun take care kill many Skags
/me nuzzles Lil_B :3
ingwaz: have fun
Not sure if tell otakon
Vivi dropped the bass.
/me likes himself a few nice smooth basses
Nah.
Will SOMEONE tell me what's going on?
Please?
otakon missed everything in the space of ten seconds.
That's got to be a personal record.
otakon, you're getting the electric chair tomorrow
Meanwhile: yes I did, now you see why I hate being kicked so frequently.
I HEAR TANK!
I recognize that one.
Eyup.
Yeah, that's Tank!
Cowboy Bepop theme.
:)
Who else here knows about Cadence returning?
spoilers mang
/me noms on otakon for no apparent reason while sitting on Meanwhile s face
ouch?
GabeMoist, calm down it's only a rumor
that's not cool
CrimsonPhoenix: not a thing
Bronysith you need to stop eating things in /me.
I like TANK, but I can't hear anything atm
I now have an urge to watch freakazoid :/
GabeMoist: no, he's ASKING if anyone knows anything.
I RETURN! With food... Only for me though.
/me clones FairysHuff s food
Lil_B: turn up your volume and refresh.
Which is funny because this song is nothing like that
*goes inside of some random guy and eats out their insides*
FairysHuff you are late... I hope she will continou playing
FairysHuff: it's Tank! also Vi Radio Show is still going.
Celes_Chere: that was the beat line obviously
otakon, seemed like he was asking if any one was aware of the fact
YAY! ^_^
Was Tank.
Vivi http://derpy.me/H08Lp :)
Celes_Chere: it's only ONE instrument
THIS IS WHY PROPER ENGLILSH IS IMPORTANTR
06(: emjoyimg?
06much lag?
yesh :)
nope
no lag
>set "I could care less" to auto-mute for an hour
No lag on my end.
VioletVanilla: yes and no
Enjoying? yes. Lag? Nope.
I took longer than expected as I had to take the long way to the shop because of some NEDs along the faster route.
>set automatic response to PMs from muted use to: http://atheistatlarge.org/articles/uploads/2010/12/rev.dawgmaspatentedbutthurtcream.jpg
>win at life
user*
00,10did dar get buthurt over somthing I take it.
VioletVanilla: There's no lag on this end.
Sumica: he got upset over "I could care less" in This Day Aria
Sumica, dari's jimmies have been rustled
Severely
Over a lyric line.
Well, he's British
I love how everyone is using "Rustled Jimmies" :).
they get rustled over the wrong tea in the morning
Everlasting_Joy, how so?
o_o
awesome :)
That really rustled my me-mies
otakon: Black tea is best tea.
VioletVanilla I'm an 80s child so I must hug thee ^_^
Meanwhile: /)
VioletVanilla *Hugs*
06Lag on bass?
CrimsonPhoenix: I love goofy, off, weird, obscure, etc. lines. Yes, I'm aware of the gorilla, but that doesn't take away from my enjoyment of the phrase.
FairysHuff: it's over "I could care less about the dress" and how it should have been "I COULDN'T care less for the dress"
Because it should have been that.
imagine Vivi playing the bass right know... Why do I get a Scott Pilgrim Vs The world: The Movie Picture in my head?
Meanwhile: I like Orange Pekoe/Black blends myself for everyday drinking cold or hot.
Everlasting_Joy, You have put a small smile to my grim face
otakon Yup cause I COULD care less is just stupid talk.
FairysHuff: you too?
otakon: You're wrong. Get over it.
Reddit had yet to touch the gorilla as far as I know
CrimsonPhoenix: Better then what I was expecting.
otakon Yes. It doesnt make logical sense.
<otakon> goddammit
IT IS LITERALLY AN APOSTROPHE(sp?) AND TWO LETTERS! GET OVER IT!
06anypony? lag. . ?
VioletVanilla: Nope, no lag.
VioletVanilla: enope, not really
VioletVanilla: None on my end.
otakon: That makes that sentence make logical sense. :)
otakon It changes the whole meaning.
otakon, that small details brought a whole new meaning
otakon: it is leaving off an entire word actually, due to the nature of contractions
It says how Chrysalis actually likes the dress when she meant the oposite
VioletVanilla: all I got is music and chat... which isnt changing,,,
no lags so afr VioletVanilla
FairysHuff: except you STILL understand what the sayer means, therefore it still translates as the sayer intended it to, therefore IT DOESN'T BUCKING MATTER!
Kinda ironic I think
ACS13123 hi :), here have some Chats
otakon It does matter cause it makes the speaker seem like a complete moron.
Ok everyone, otakon is now a synonym for "idiot", you all understand what I'm saying, so it is valid and correct.
>otakon logic
And since dari said it it must be canon.
This is funny.
true dat Dari
Anyway guys how about we speculate random stuff over a picture instead?
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1341774011794.jpg
So many otakons in here.
-__-
RX-78-SweetieBot i know, the amount of otakons is too damn high
Am I meant to be seeing a video stream btw?
No.
No video.
hey Meanwhile is such
an otakon
/me backs away real slow-like
Good good.
OH COME ON! You mean to tell me it's such a HUGE issue that NO ONE will let ONE symbol and TWO letters slide?
I got this laboratory glasses from the 60's from my school... They look so awesomly Steampunk-ish, but I don't know what to do with them :/
>Bronysith calling someone an otakon

Lul
Dat kick.
sup bros, again
it's such an affront to the English language that it calls for the utter annihilation of all those that use it?
/me is an otakon
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/23157062.jpg
otakon Just drop it. Your wrong logic says so. Its that simple.
Chrysalis: oh you
otakon: That's exactly right, glad you're starting to get it.
otakon: whats the argument about?
Oh yeah. Who won the lottery? I missed it due to a crappy camping trip -_-
Ahahahahaha
FairysHuff: and yet NO ONE CARES BUT THE BRITISH.
so... was geht ab in diesem Chat?
>memegenerator
otakon Thats cause everyone else is a moron
sprinkle_GS17: letting go of the anger over "I could care less"
YES
Not all of your are otakons.
Ponies47, it's on the main site. You can open a new tab to it
/me hugs VioletVanilla very tightly
/me sing along
you*
Good song.
everything good bros?
/me needs a cat
chat topic: otakon
This song <3
Celes_Chere: check the chinese restraunt
/me Has 2 cats and a dog
This is my favourite song ^_^
^
Bronysith: D:
Wll one of mine
Barbeque, Patio, Tacos, etc
*Well
otakon: what about it?
dari's face through this whole thing. http://i.imgur.com/EGJum.jpg
Huehuehuehue
I think we should go back to Beowulf era english
Meanwhile: i was thinking along the lines of eduard khils face
Verily.
Meanwhile, to modern
*too
Beowulf era
Forsooth?
otakon: well yeah, it is a stupid saying that annoys me as well, but not that much
What's going on now?
I do believe he means vidctoria era
*victoria
	oðþæt him ǣġhwylc þāra ymbsittendra
otakon
Prithee thee, how doest thou fare on this good day?
that era
Trolling is a art
^
yes CrimsonPhoenix?
CrimsonPhoenix *an
13http://i.imgur.com/9p3mQ.jpg
it always has been CrimsonPhoenix
sprinkle_GS17: he hates an ENTIRE song for that one line.
Shizuka: lololo
AAAAAW SHIT
YEs!! :[
AWWWWWWWWW YES!
Omnom box.
<3
Rarity time!!!
Lawl Shizuka
yaaaay
<3
otakon: well yeah i do suppose thats unreasonable
Rarity Tiem!
/me licks Meanwhile
;)
I love this song, but there are to many Speaking Peaking Parts within there :( (the Pet Song)
chat dead?
yes]
yes Lil_B you killed it
thats bad :(
otakon do you want to come back with shipping?
it's not a meme
Well, if you'll admit that the argument of "you understand it so it's right" doesn't make sense.
Cheerilee's a whore
Otherwise it's perfectly valid.
CrimsonPhoenix I go for a self defense verdict
expected the other song from the video
you're just LABELING me an idiot
So, anything on right now?
otakon: But dude, you are an idiot.
I say!
Ok then, if that makes sense, what I'm saying makes sense too.
otakon trolling is a art
I hear music, but the video isn't loading. :/
There is no video.
all the good ones are tekken
Meanwhile: yeah, sure I am. The classical Webster's definition of "Durr, herp derp" variety? ENLIGHTEN ME OH ALL KNOWING ONE.
It's Vi's radio stream
<:
I HEAR SINGING!
O__O
OH SHIT
YES
otakon: More like the one who thinks he's right and won't hear otherwise.
Who. Was. That?
Otakon, stop being an otakon.
6_9
Ninjazz who do you think :D
Oh mai...
I am missing the radio stream :(
OH MAI.
;D
what do you mean Jim
whos singing along?
dat Vi singing?
:O vi singing :O
06I am c:
BBBFF=love is in bloom
is Vivi singing now? Awesome, but rather silent :(
Meanwhile: My point is IT IS A NIT PICKY ISSUE GET OVER IT AND STOP HATING A WHOLE SONG BECAUSE OF ONE IMPROPER LINE!
Dat singing.
can't watch the stream from where I'm at, only the chat
VioletVanilla i <3 your voice!
OH MAH GAWD! :D
I swear i have to be in this chat 24/7 to understand whats going on :D
VioletVanilla: Dat voice
IT'S BEUATIFUL! <3
heeeeh
VioletVanilla louder!
ok Jim
GabeMoist: no... its santa
Yay VioletVanilla singing! :3
Sorry VioletVanilla We can barely hear you.
SANTAAAAAAA
otakon: I love the song. I just that issue.
ugh fine
13mein herz..
I can't see anything
kidzrul434: just music
13it is..
VioletVanilla, is very talented but I'm not fond of her singing
kidzrul434: Its only sound :P
Suddenly my stream buffers and i can't listen to dat voice :D
/me 13hugs vivi so much
CrimsonPhoenix: then you do NOT need to bring it up then.
Mein Gott.
these 2 songs
best ones
It's the volume mostly.
Love is in Bloom :3
I won't drag on about it
Lovvee is innnn bloooom
otakon thank you, exactly my thoughts :D
It's simply a statement
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/357x7l/
13do not be mean ponies
13or you will make shizu sad :<
CrimsonPhoenix: that you did not need to say.
06CrimsonPhoenix: I understand my voice is hideous
I would just like to say this one thing - "I COULD'NT care less" ^_^ *Troll face*
/me won't make shizu sad
noo, no sad shizu
13you do not want to make shizu sad >:I
/me gives Shizuka cake
CrimsonPhoenix: you still dont need to be an otakon about it.
13vivi's voice ist the most wubful
MINE~
RX-78-SweetieBot: goddammit
VioletVanilla: No it isn't, it /is/ a little quiet though.
MEINE BLUMEN!
<otakon> goddammit
VioletVanilla: it is not.
Shizuka: My singing voice is awful! ;s
:s
Then again, could be worse...
aaaaaaaaaaaand
but the could care less about the dress being a terrible line that factor the quality of the song is still a fact that you should accept otakon
Gaaah stupid buffer
could be ScootaChicken singing
:P
Spike! the bachelor party is -before- the wedding =_(\
Its much better than the worst I've heard
VioletVanilla voices are never bad, voices just need training like very other instrument :)
otakon: Could be you singing....euuurgh
come on guys, id like to see you sing better
/me Crosses hoofs "Please be This Day Aria. Please be This Day Aria"
that was wonderful
06.-.
CrimsonPhoenix: fine, fuck it THE WHOLE SONG IS SHIT BECAUSE OF THAT ONE LINE! I SHALL SHOUT IT FROM THE TOPS OF THE GODDAMN INTERNET ON YOUTUBE!
/me slaps Ponies47 "nope"
._____.
<otakon> goddammit
SUCCESS
otakon: Watchs your caps.
/me hugs VioletVanilla, ignore them you have lovely voice
What is this place
Watch*
YES
otakon: What was that?
/me goes to record "THIS DAY ARIA IS SH(yay)T BECAUSE OF ONE LINE!"
Meanwhile: what is this place filled with so many "BOOMERS"
there all just being otakons
Bronysith: :(
fus-ro-otakon
they're*
otakon should sig
*sing
sprinkle_GS17: yes. that game sucsk
otakon can only sing screamo.
GabeMoist: I was in chorus for a long time
ScootaChicken: <otakon> goddammit
GabeMoist but i dont like screamo
I'M SO PISSED OFF!
Meanwhile: I'm a baritone
I never said VioletVanilla's voice is horrible, I just said something about her singing
otakon and dari sing This Day Aria
I love all the songs in MLP FiM! PERIOD! :)
damnit Meanwhile
turtlegod98: what's wrong man?
Bronysith: i wouldnt say it sucks, but i dont like it that much
sprinkle_GS17: then why say the stupid meme?
GEARS OF WAR 3...IS SO SHIT...
Dat hallo
Vivi!
Hallo. c:
I SHIP otakon WITH This Day Aria
d'awwww cute voice
HAI! :D
turtlegod98 how come
:o
hello Vivi!
Hallo :3
and tapping
Bronysith: i thought it was funny ;A;
hey Vivi
Ok chat is going flabberwonky fast so I can't keep up. So I'm going to do something else while listening.
Hoy Vivi
Güten abend.
Hallo
Hullo. :3
/me dies from dawww
Hallo VioletVanilla
hallo VioletVanilla .9
Hallo Vi :3
:)
/me jumps and hugs VioletVanilla
HA EQD I saw that before you featured it
Bronysith: at least i didnt do the arrow one. i was going to, but then i...
flabberwonky?
NUMBER 1 EASIEST THING...DIE,DIE,DIE,DIE,DIE,DIE AND WHAT'S THE OTHER ONE? OH YEAH, DIE.
otakon x crimsonphoenix
http://i65.photobucket.com/albums/h217/Hotaru_Malus/hnnnng.jpg mfw vivi voice
Is that a kid talking on the stream?
/me shoots sprinkle_GS17 with vats
schönen abend zurück :)
/me ded
John Lajoie?
13why are ponies so mean..
GabeMoist I made it up.
sprinkle_GS17: fallout 3 is surperior
Chat derped...
:c
Shizu: "Life"
Shizuka because they are inferior beings and need to make themselves feel more important than they are
Bronysith: idk, maybe, i havent played it
I'm nice. D: But also a kitty so I guess I'm safe from that statement.
Chrysalis: ^^^
sprinkle_GS17: it is fantastic, actually challenging and great combat. unlike skyrim
Vats is for people who cant aim.
Chrysalis: insulting others makes people feel above them
I just feel like choking myself...but i'm too scared to.
I didn't want to be mean at VioletVanilla
NO MY STREAM STOPPED!
So otakon, let me ask again
RX-78-SweetieBot: I thought those were aimbots.
She's awesome
Buffering?
What was that about my singing?
And it's back ^_^ Phew
Bronysith: skyrim is challenging as well, all the enemies are the same level as you
There we go.
whats the name of this song? I know someone who really like this kind of songs (me excluded, also I do like this too :) )
06CrimsonPhoenix: I do understand ^^ I get criticism all the itme
ScootaChicken: nothing Neil, nothing.
Everlasting_Joy: Aimbots are for people who cant be arsed to even play the game.
anyone wana make a video?
sprinkle_GS17, really?
nope!
RX-78-SweetieBot: :D Fair enough.
<otakon>	could be ScootaChicken singing
CrimsonPhoenix: ive been told so
sprinkle_GS17: not really challenging at all man. and when i mean challenging. i want my dark souls or demons souls difficulty
EXPLAIN YOURSELF.
Cause I raid a lot of camps pretty damn easily
so weird, i know...
13es ist not founded though... it is always ponies being mean..
VioletVanilla is a big pony und she doesn't need shining armour.
13lay off of otakon please
ScootaChicken: well when a woman and a table love eachother very much
ScootaChicken: it's called humor, develop some or you'll find the world a cold place indeed.
Bronysith: i dont want it to be rage-inducing-hard
He is soooooo pissed.
otakon: Or, in your case, a very laggy place.
[20:29] <ScootaChicken> EXPLAIN YOURSELF.
Bronysith: if you like thatstuff you should play japanese mario
I'm hearing audio but getting no video. That's wierd.
Explain youself
Wha yu mean
Kandarihu: it's Vi Radio Show.
Kandarihu: working as intended.
When yu say half-caste
yu mean when picasso
sprinkle_GS17: i like fair hardness. which is what demons souls is
mix red an green
I see. Okay.
is a half-caste canvas?
whats the name of this song?
I'f you think i'm the most stupidest,incompitant and ramdomest person on the face of the planet then respond to this post.
Bronysith: i play for fun, dont want it to be too hard
INB4 no one understand reference
sprinkle_GS17: hard is fun
06Dance Yrself Clean - LCD Soundsystem
thank you VioletVanilla :)
Rather understandably actually. His mum got arrested the other day and is currently not allowed in the house for two months.
VioletGreySha thanks~~<3
no one?
Could we have more 80s music VioletVanilla ? ^_^
sprinkle_GS17: thats why i love the ninja gaiden 1 and 2 on xbox. so hard and satisfying once you beat it
Bronysith: for you maybe. i like tricky hard, not something so hard id get stuck on ti forever
turtlegod98: enope
Hey ponies47 whats up bro
had to study it for english
Inderdaad
VioletVanilla thanks~~<3
wait
oh...well that's kind.
sprinkle_GS17: demons souls IS tricky hard
THAT was a poem?
there is no faster way to make something lose significance than to study it in education
Also another thing I would like to put. ragecomics are unoriginal, unhumourous, annoying and an insult to creativity.
Bronysith: well so is skyrim
sprinkle_GS17: ahhahahha no
sry VioletGreySha ... I made one Tap too less :/
/me poplocks
Lil_B: its ok :3
Bronysith, should play fighting games online
Bronysith: fighting vampires is certainly not easy on the first levels
Lil_B, Inderdaad. not t.
otakon you mean *an
CrimsonPhoenix: um no
FairsHuff|Busy: I thought you were busy...
otakon: It was a poem
otakon: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Half_Caste_%28poem%29
Bronysith, why not? it's the biggest challenge you could get
Stop being an otakon.
So whos going to stream next?
08,01TROUSERS SUCCESSFULLY DYED
sprinkle_GS17: skyrim is incredibly easy. that is why so many mainstream gamers play it and think it is actually good
welcome to the UK http://i.imgur.com/WHSSr.jpg
CrimsonPhoenix: i like my rpgs
Starflash Dutsch and German are so similar sometimes :/ the resemblence is even freakier when you compare some german accents with dutch
Oh no
Bronysith: but I like Skyrim. I also liked Dark/Demon's Souls
otakon, obsidian is quite weak, actually
Lil_B: true :D
Bronysith, you played Disgaea?
Bronysith: hard =/= good game
otakon I am simply not watching the chat closely as it's moving too fast.
or whatever it's spelled
otakon: well the souls games provide actual good fun and interesting combat
sprinkle_GS17: Bronysith hate skyrim because he percieves it to be "mainstream". From there he just decides that everything about it is worse, even though its barely different from Oblivion in most ways. This is an arguement you cant win.
08,01http://i.imgur.com/WHSSr.jpg
08,01http://i.imgur.com/WHSSr.jpg
To be honest, I can't understand a part of my family that speaks a very heavy swäbisch kind of accent, Lil_B ~
08,01whoops
13Lay off of otakon please.
13It is getting annoying.
^
Where was Gondor when laying off of otakon.
Sweet home Alibama.
Aww
RX-78-SweetieBot: ah, k. i wont waste time on it too much then, i mtoo busy celebrating today anyway :3
08,01what're people doing to otakon?
13ponies are not helping then
sweet home alabama?
Shizuka Is that argument still going?
If otakon lays off the English language.
Do ho ho.
They're being mean to otakon.
O_o
inb4 dari gets banned
GabeMoist: Ban a mod. Sounds legit.
the replace the word idiot, with otakonb
yeah that would be pretty mean.
Such is human nature.
/me 08,01hugs otakon
13I said.
13Lay off of otakon.
Where was Gondor when she said?
Shizuka y u ninja me
Eh I'm okay
13Or I start kicking people for harassment.
http://i.imgur.com/udcN8.jpg see its cheap now, spread it everyone
Meanwhile whos gondor anyway?
I was wrong in 'proper usage' and all that
Lil_B: Gondor, the city from Lord of the Rigns.
but it's still a very nitpicky point.
Rings*
08,01xxMoopyxx: i... already have the chat on my screen
08,01i'm not doing this blind
Chrysalis: Only 4.99?
it's weird how dari actually is the one who started the otakon argument
Ehhh
yup
dammit I'm broke.
Still a bit expensiv
*expensive
oh well ok
08,01http://i.imgur.com/WHSSr.jpg
08,01http://i.imgur.com/WHSSr.jpg
Meanwhile right... I think they mentioned it in the movies somewhere...
can you find some for .99$?
08,01urgh, bugger
08,01bloody windows...
This seems familar
Well I couldn't ignore the "I could care less" in the song, and apparently otakon can't accept that I hate it for that reason.
Naw, otakon started the otakon argument in skype.
wait let me back out real quick
not even at that price would I buy love - my love is free :)
08,01VioletVanilla: i'm on my mother's laptop and it pastes when i right click
otakon, you can't afford loooooooooooooove?
Nope
08,01and, of course, the buttons aren't swapped round on the mouse
had to get new sandals
Then again
08,01so i keep right clicking by accident
/me giggles
/me 08,01is left handed
I don't care too much for money
Cos money can't buy me love
/me is too
ScootaChicken: no but it can buy you sense of mind.
08,01Chrysalis: do you use the buttons swapped round on your mouse?
ScootaChicken: You 'aint spending it right.
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6jhu0ONzM1qf087qo1_1280.png
How come the screen is still black?
Thats my line pinkamena
ScootaChicken to quote a Movie "Money... finally I can buy everything I ever wanted... Friends... a Mother..."
otakon: It can also buy you a David Mitchell Soap Box boxset.
/me punches pinka
:3
i use the computer right handed
08,01ah, okay
ScootaChicken: nice...I think.
It's not black. It's very very very very dark gray
xxMoopyxx: cause the video is of a black black bear
FairsHuff|Busy, wat?
FairsHuff|Busy: wait, WAIT! WHO said this?
08,01FairsHuff|Busy: that's what they used to say in the UK too
08,01they used to forse left handers to write with their right hands
Oh can you fix it?
Bloody religious nutters
But why is the rum gone?
/me flys into pinka
Now now, fewer than 50% of religious nutjobs today actually believe lefties are satan's love babies.
however, left handed people are generally smarter and more successful in life
same with people who are taller
though they dont live as long
I'm actually surprised some of you didn't know about this left handed demon spawn thing.
I've never heard anyone say anything like that about left handed people
Chrysalis: or maybe that's just tricks with statistics?
A lot of lefthanded people die from using right hand equipment every year
FACT
00,10ahhhhh did Vivi stop?
especially toothbrushes. We need more left handed toothbrushes xD
i never heard of the left handed people are evil thing either
VioletGreySha: Shot Her Now
otakon you mean like global warming?
I gotta go - power's flickering as a storm approaches
/me noms on Sumica s spacecraft
Hi everypony
Either yes or buffering.
Sumica: Was just going to ask that.
Thank you for that, Vivi. Twas great.
hey Groogle hows your day been
Chrysalis: probably
13liebe vivi~
alexxm Just religious nutcases again spouting crap.
08,01hmm
08,01i should write a song in german
Hey shizu sorry i was being an asshole to you i was really upset and boared also dude
00,10oh back on air, guess not
13>dude
13>shizu
13does not compute
i guessed so FairysHuff|Busy
/me holding down pinka
VioletGreySha: shot her
Well, left handedness usually means that the right hemisphere of the brain is dominant.
suddnely coughing
I am indeed, very stubborn.
08,01i'll get one of you deutschlanders to correct my grammar
Rainbow: not me
and no more stream
Hmm hmmm hmm?
00,10seems kinda deap to be vivi
It isn't.
XD
08,01FairsHuff|Busy: i was actually going to write a love song
Screen stream.
I wrote a song in Chinese once.
oh wait
Oh dear
Who's singing?
There is nothingon the stream...
Oh God
oh ok
Who?
:o
OH GOD
Who is this?
I don't know
I think it's her brother.
8,6good afternoon everypony :)
Giggle at the ghosties
Not sure if this is good or bad
Allo Kirz.
. . . And that's my cue.
hai kirzstryfe
Sumica?
RUN AWAY!
crack up at the creepy
hi there kirzstryfe
who is this?
kirzstryfe is the hero BronyState deserves.
ABANDON STREAM ABANDON STREAM!
Woah so many mods on today
hey kirzstryfe hows your day been
:D
sing Giggle at the ghosties
kirzstryfe: it's YOU isn't it?
dis gonna b gud
00,10Viv's brother iirc
:o
lol
Sumica: oh wait reallY? AWESOME
Nice accent.
Lolwut? :D
oh dear god!
so were cool shizu brohoof?
uh
THAT ACCENT! IT BURNS!
Sing Cutie Mark Crusaders
/me falls
whos speaking?
why did i only join now!
YES
Vi's brother is on.
YEAH!
alexxm: I think it's Vi's brother.
YES YES YES
08,01FairsHuff|Busy: love is like sex, but better.
I'm going to get a drink of water, BRB.
I like him.
no
thanks otakon
Sing "My loins burn with the clap"
NO I AM NOT READY
:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
XD
lawl
MY BODY IS READY
Whatever you want
my anus is prepared!
8,6Flyboy, please don't smiley spam
08,01Flyboy: cometobed.png
who is streaming?
/me noms on VioletVanilla s brother
DO IT FILLY!
^Hahaha
he yanother me can you help me
O_O
LOL
:D
abort! abort!
the skun?
I like this guy
Try and sing.
'The Skun was so in gol?'
yeah
http://i.imgur.com/tHw0b.gif
when i was a little filly and the gun was..... WHAT ???
Yeah yeah, try and sing.
oh no
was ist dein Name?
try and fail anyway
PLEASE just try
I don't care, I love you already.
try a few times, then go crazy
JUST let him try!
Okay. The accent isn't normal. Never mind.
It will be entertaining either way
fuck you? no thanks
your not my type
Fuck you? OK! ^_^ I'll be right there! HOLD ON!
Lil_B: no idea what Vi's bro's name is.
ahhh
Chrysalis: you're*
If at first you don't suceed, skydiving might be a bad plan
Sure, whatever.
test
otakon thats why i asked :)
Hi, Good afternoon everyone.
omg its TGAPT
/me glomps TheGreatAndPowerfulT
well this is intreasting
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
08,01Chrysalis: am i your type?
hai dude
06Gigabit harmonie
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: hows yous?
8,6Gigabit has been amurcanized
hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT hows your day been
male
I love it when the chat derps for no reason :(.
08,01Chrysalis: if only i had a homoray
08,01i would fire it at you
she is
Allo TheGreatAndPowerfulT
XD
08,01and everything would be sunshine and raibows and ho-yay
thats not the first time iv heard that
I can't stop smiling
SOMEONE RECORD THIS DAMMIT!
alexxm Good, and yours ?
/me noms on VioletVanilla s brothers microphone
Bronysith i'm fine and you ?
:) :D :P
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: oh im fine
it's been good TheGreatAndPowerfulT i'm thinking of doing a nutzlocke run on crystal
I liked it.
YEEEEAAH!
perfect
/me slow-claps
BRAVO!
'encore!'
BRAVO!
huh, i didnt hear popping, what mic you got there?
well looks like he is equally as talented XD
also, cool sinigng bro
BREATS! No wait. BRAVO!
Yay~
SO AWESOME!
/me draws a lightsaber
slow clop??
You did pretty well. But just "OK."
*breasts
do Pinky's Brew
I love this guy.
Do you know the Katamari Damacy Theme?
YES! PInkie's Brew!
it was... nice
do enter sandman
alexxm i have no idea what that means but good luck.
anyone else hear that as slow clop?
winter wrap up!
Kandarihu: dat Rythym Heaven
thanks TheGreatAndPowerfulT
WINTER WRAP UP
This Day Aria
Pinky's Breeeeeeeew
MASTER OF PUPPETS
/me slaps Chrysalis
this day aria!
Cowboys From Hell... SING IT!
/me slaps derpy_pony
/me rocks out?
TRIBUTE
8,6duet with Vi, dooooo eeeeeeet
oh dear god!
^
XD
GabeMoist: You don't want that
Oooh, Duet with Vi... May the Best Pet Win.
Ohai kirzstryfe
hen3ry: PERFECT!
do 'find a pet' with vi!
hen3ry, that sounds awesome
MAY THE BEST PET WIN DUET WITH VI PLEASE!
kirzstryfe: you up for zombies?
VioletVanilla: PLEASE?! PLEASE?!
VioletVanilla: do the final fantasay 7 victory theme
No sir.
oh dammit
Bummer.
I could care less
Why don't you simply teleport yourself then?
wait... WHERE?
hmm
dat ff7
ohai FF
VioletVanilla: omnomnom
next goal: must Raid leibzig
do the firefly theme
Seriously it's been like 5 minutes but I want this guys babies.
Still no stream?
Do a flip!
Jim: /)
Lul
ooh the star trek enterprise opening?
mitamaking: there IS, Vi's Bro is speaking
~q?
Who just got +q'd?
+q*
You guys can work it out
oh.....
what does q do?
I don't know what that is...
How about some "Wolf Moon" by type o negative?
I hear female voice?
do Trogdor!
Vordox: no, that's Vi's Bro.
:D
oooh, it's the Discord thing?
GabeMoist got +q
Say screw the rules I HAVE MONEY
XD
otakon: Wtf. That's one feminine voice :P
I like this guy.
Ikr.
Vordox: um.. not really.
<3
do the firefly theme
Dat kick
00,10I prefered the music -_-
He even knows the full lyrics XD
Who is that ?
Sprechein bisschen Deutsch XD
If anyone is here, tell dari that the 11th Doctor >>>>> 10th Doctor
Sumica: this is fun too
Shush Sumica, let him improv.
TROGDOOOOOOR
Alister: it's Vi's Bro.
otakon: Brony ?
Oh god, Live cover!
Oh wait this sounds good!
Alister: not sure, but good singer at least.
Agreed otakon :P
:P
He's actually on KEYS...that says alot
Just a bit delayed.
this guy seems fun
For you GabeMoist. :D
Thanks man
I needed that
....I think that voice can actually be within quality of Voice actin. <.<
wow, another good singer from the Vi line
0.0
or not
:P
GabeMoist: can you hear this ping?
Chrysalis: I thought you knew that Vivi's voice is angelic. :P This must be ...Well you hear him!
Dammit otakon
wow
TOUGH PART
So who is streaming ?
You know what, unmute because you took it like a bro instead of rage
Vordox iv only heard her radio before
that was impressive
O.o
first time hearing her voice today
wait
He's so into it, I love it.
Okay, I got to admit, that voice crack XD
gotta say, <3 her voice
this chat be alive?
BRAVO!
Whew, we can speak again
/me claps! Or Clops?
Not sith.
/me j#bronystateregulars
Pinkie Part!
Well you're here now, so no.
Dead.
dammit
By Celestia! He's Good!
OTAKON NOOOOO
Go back to taking the arrows out of your ass.
I'm SORRY
HIGH VOICE!
What's mode q?
/me shoots RX-78-SweetieBot with ass arrows
otakon you failure
otakon, what have you done!?
and then otakon failed the join
/me deflects with energy shields
He knows the rhytm(The mic delays the sound sadly), and he's actually on keys... Most of thetime. :P
8,6good job otakon
Good job
8,6-.-
I'm SORRY!
god damnit otakon
Vordox why not both
I don't even think anyone noticed
LOL dat Rarity
at least he has chicken
I wish I had chicken
I'm stuck with pork atm
8,6this is why you do console commands in a separate channel
Ouch XD
otakon nah most people don't join cause it's not clickable
kirzstryfe: I don't HAVE one to do them
wow, nice going there ViBroth, till the end
He's a pretty solid tenor.
Dat final part, whoa... Alittle big there. XD
*stomps in applause*
ViBrother, try Gypsy Bard! :P
/me eats RX-78-SweetieBot s energy shields
Nick is in trouble??
Wee!
ViBro, WHAT do we call you?
Welp.
otakon you can open a chat with yourself and do it there
Okay, I have to go >.>
DO THE FLUTTERSHY SQUEE
uh whut
That sounds like the squee...
ah
bye ScootaChicken
Dat yay
Thanks for the awesome stream VioletVanilla :3
That was a pretty good yay
XD That's the Yay, nmot squee. XD
LOUDER!
also who is singing ?
bye ScootaChicken take care man
O.o
wait too loud
XD
Pfft.
Dat hiccup XD
drunk flutteryay
Ahahahaha
8,6Gigabit
ouch
it's Vi's Brother
... im scared now
aka Gigabit
well that was disturbing
I'm loving this.
Try to sing to the Gypsy Bard, ViBrother! :D
singing along to wubstep?
This is insane, and I love it.
ooooh
dat sounded liek worms laugh
sing Discord
Vi Bro: Say "I could care less about the dress"!
I don't mind some CHAOS
:D
Dat's NOT a female voice?
not
I don't know.
Vordox ikr
:P
not it's not
Gigabyte? http://images.wikia.com/reboot/images/1/11/Gigabyte.jpg
SCREW THE RULES i have money
I see that Vivi's family is nuts in ponies too XD
that's slightly awesome
Looks like we're due for a big old storm of chaos...
nice discord impression
the same Meanwhile
OH NOES! he is a Pinkie FaN! TAKE COVER
Pinkie Pie is best pony.
...
Dat tone holding :P
oh wow
and now the reboot theme is playing in my head
/me applauds
Smile Smile Smile!
Oh hot damn
awww
Let's hope you can sync the audio with the Mic. :L)
:)
11,01Yay Gigabit!
enjoy it
This should be good
do living tombstone Discord please
11,01His voice is so sexy!
11,01:p
LAWL NO Chrysalis
XD
okay that's it, I'm looking him up on Youtube
TROLOLOLO
08,01my god
chat derped
08,01i love David Tenant
Dat voice....that's famliar...
might be better to find an instrumental version, distract from the slightly off sync that way
Nittany_Discord: you missed the GREAT rustling of jimmies over "I could care less".
/me dusts Nittany_Discord.
it is a good theme
hey hey hey , stay outa my shed
"MY MUSTACHE"
VioletVanilla: like this if you cry everytime
MY JIMMIES
Dat shed.
THEYVE BEEN RUSTLED
;D
XD
it is
He can.
D;
KNEW IT
11,01otakon: It's a joke. Get it.
OH DEAR GOD!
this guy is awesome
that was good
Dude's fantastic.
they should have hired you for EVERY VOICE
Here we go!
YES
dont sing
DONT SING
it is too good
11,01I missed Vi singing. I hate that.
Bronysith:
11,01I demand VioletVanilla.
wait
BronyInstrumental:
Dat kick.
woops
If you heard my Fluttershy SHED.MOV voice. Yeah it's very very close to it. :P
i will forever think of skyrim when hearing this song
Nittany_Discord: You should know demands aren't met. :P
but its also playing in my head with BBBFF, the transformers G2 theme, the original mobile suit gundam end theme, and the openings of mst3k
yeah, ACS13123?
Meanwhile: no, they're met.
well
I did not need another song in my head
otakon: Nope.
WITH G3.5!
numa numa
and LIVE ACTION SHOWS.
NO! :[
08,01This Day Aria is glorious
08,01end of.
otakon: That isn't really meeting them then is it.
Dat Awesome. XD
otakon: wait, he hated this day aria because of that?
This Day Aria is shite
sprinkle_GS17: I'd quote him if I could.
SEE?
This day aria is beautiful
I want to play fighting is magic sooooo baaaaaaaaaaaaaad
11,01Dari has opinions. Dari is also a troll.
Bronysith: -_-
08,01it's wrong, but you're still entitled to it
11,01Away!
whats shite though?
I love This Day Aria. Don't like that grammar though.
No, the song is wrong.
Sumerpan
/me noms on Sumerpan
"I could care less"
:P
The hero Bronystate deserves
/me DISAGREES WITH EVERYONE!!
lol
I saw some recent videos of Fighting is Magic. It really DOES look awesome.
11,01It's Lex Bronysith!
Kandarihu: yes it does
http://theadmin.co.uk/img/ViBroth.jpg
Guys
listen
11,01My mortal enemy!
Hi guys
08,01language evolves, sometimes in ways we don't like
http://theadmin.co.uk/img/ViBroth.jpg
CrimsonPhoenix: WHAT!?! :[
are you listening?
What if
Nittany_Discord: hahahha. yes, my bald shiny head shall blind you to death
and I say what if
Chrysalis: the ONE good thing to come out of that place.
I think he gave up now
I SAID HI GUYS!
hi EmmettBrown
00,10dari has never heard of sacrafise meening just to make the words ryme
My voice could never reach that
hiya EmmettBrown you missed the GREAT rustling of british jimmies.
Fighting is Magic is at EVO 2013 as a tourney
Meh if you don't like This Day Aria Bronysith . Okie doki loki then :)
Sumica... Where have I heard that before.
Sweetiebot must teach him
What happened Otakon?
Of course.
/me claps
XD
/me donks his head
11,01"I couldn't care less about the dress."
So many mods talking today. 6_9
Do ho ho. :P
Now I thought of Pinkie's Mouth stretching....
Great Scott, its EmmettBrown !
Is it normal for super mario sunshine to go slow on emulator?
VioletVanilla: Try the Gypsy Bard song! From FiW. ^^ That voice will be hard.
If this pointless argument is going to continue, I'm going to take off.
I really want to main rairty even though she's coplicated
VI BRO! DO YOU HAVE A YOUTUBE CHANNEL?
^
Any pony going to Canterlot Gardens in September? :)
and I wonder if there's a way to remove the announcer voice
dammit I hear nothing
08,01to use "who" in the phrase "for whom" is technically wrong, though it's now accepted as correct. as i say, language evolves, sometimes in ways that are technically incorrect, even semantically.
The sound of silence.
there we go
dammit it keeps cutting out it seems
YES!
I think you should try some fan voice acting :P
THERE WE ARE!
XD
In the last two day I don't think I've streamed any.
:P YES!
IS IT NORMAL FOR SUPER MARIO SUNSHINE TO RUN SLOW ON AN EMULATOR
We have the same problem in french
EmmettBrown: yes
No answer so I'll take that as a no. :( Me it's a MAYBE! I just might make it to Canterlot Gardens! :3
I Came... To This City
EmmettBrown: Don't know, don't care. You lost me at Super Mario.
/me facehoofs
08,01CrimsonPhoenix: you'd rather be speaking anglo-saxon?
VI BRO! DO YOU HAVE A YOUTUBE CHANNEL?
EmmettBrown, what emulator?
Meanwhile: don't diss the Mario.
Dolphin
otakon: lol you said vibro...
otakon: Mario sucks.
what is it kirzstryfe ?
Gypsy Bard!
..
nvm
08,01CrimsonPhoenix: it's not a symptom of the world we live in, it's just a fact of how language works
this day aria!
sprinkle_GS17: no, I said VI BRO
08,01it's the chinese whispers principle
VioletVanilla: winter wrap up
otakon: :3
VioletVanilla: winter wrap up
PINKIE'S BREW!
derpy_pony: You KNOW how high notes those are O.o
DO YOU HAVE A YOUTUBE CHANNEL VI BRO!?
erm... yes ^^
Hehe, vi bro...
<CrimsonPhoenix> Dolphin
Depends on the dictionary I'm sure
Pinkie's Brew!
You can't have "I could care less" in place of "I couldn't care less" though.
PLEASE!
08,01i'd have to look it up, but i'm pretty sure that the cambridge style guide now indicated that "who" can be used instead of "whom"
the dictionary is wrong then, obviously
I USE DOLPHIN EMULATOR
EmmettBrown, it's four star on compatibility
Stop startin.
reminds me of Doc Brown
8,6why hasn't the sea pony song been sung yet?
either your computer isn't strong or you got the settings wrong
language evolves.
A, because a mjority uses the correct version of the phrase, so the incorrect version is in the minority and therefore wrong on that count.
SHOO BE DOO
mfw argument over the use of a word.
kirzstryfe: for the end
B, because they mean two different things.
Needs more Smooze.
I HEAR IT
kirzstryfe: I'm very much wondering that
Southern accent. lol
This reminds me of Bronystate Mods Sing
YEAAH!
kirzstryfe his final Troll movie will be just that
MAY FAV!
It's not accepted at all.
ViBroth sing SeaPonies!!!!!!
MY*
VioletVanilla: ty very much
Broth?
It's still the minority.
mic delay
can we just get over whatever this arguements about
BGM is louder than Vibro.
kirzstryfe: Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo!
Until it either equals correct use or exceeds it, it'll still be wrong.
11,01E-bay are being dicks. They're spamming me through my mail that I need for updates when I buy or sell things, so I can't send that address to spam.
8,6song track is overpowering the mic :(
That's the thing, the stream sends the first audio, then digitalize his voice, then send it, causing a delay of 0.01-0.2 sec =P
i can hardly hear the guy
08,01at least, not in any significant way
08,01also, it's called artistic licence
Nittany_Discord: That's how they getcha.
08,01which i probablt just spelled wrong
08,01anyhoos
She's evil. She's allowed to break the laws of grammar, considering all the other law she's trying to break.
This debate has gone on long enough.
08,01yeah, "couldn't" won't fit in the line
11,01They didn't start spamming me until I sold my Saw stuff on e-bay.
08,01or, at least, would jar
There's one thing to fix this, using the audio of the stereo to intake the mic causing a natural sync of digitalizing the sound. :P
11,01Now they won't shut-up.
hi everypony!.
But meh, it's not complicated but takes a few minutes
I can understand that, but for me this is that situation of "One person won't make any difference"
what is goin on?.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5045/
11,01In g-mail?
hey Devonx25
He's doing a good voice at the AJ part. <.<
08,01oh hey, it's Nittany_Discord!
use a local mail program
/me 08,01hugs best weatherpony
-_-. i could sing better than that!.
If I just accept it without complaint, I'll be contributing to these utterly wrong uses of the language.
lol.
Nittany_Discord: my baldness blinds you
8,6wha't do that arguingment is all of him t,alking of...
not lag behind too.
If we all just let it slide, it'll eventually become accepted.
/me 11,01hugs the planet
/me noms on the planet
i could sing along better and not lag behind.
kirz: You accidently the sentence.
fail.
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo
Though I'm sure you'll also accept that that line does ruin the song for me
NOOOOOO!!!
awesome
YES
wtf....
GOD NO!
8,6lol
KILL ME!
Someone find him a lyric sheet
Which is the reason this argument started, otakon wouldn't accept that I hated the song just for that line.
OH GOD
:O.
http://www.quickmeme.com/Push-it-somewhere-else-Patrick/
8,6it's bacon and applejack
I HAve Lost All Reputation For You
y there no video?.
Oh god Sea ponies song XD
rainbow dash always dresses in style
fail.
Flyboy: I think you meant "respect"
:P
bye, everypony!.
my hormones are confused
bye Dev...gone
Meanwhile: yeah thanks :)
otakon: It's good enough for me. Just as terrible spelling and grammar would ruin any story for me.
Later Dev....:(
CrimsonPhoenix: guy with wide range
Whos singing now? is that Vivi?
Lil_B: Her brother.
I don't particularly care who hates what song. :p
I thought Vivi was a girl....
sing ALL the songs.
do the Intro
CrimsonPhoenix: Her brother is currently on.
I'm gonna like what I like. :p
http://www.quickmeme.com/Helpful-Tyler-Durden/
YES
STAR WARS
vivi is a changeling
wrong franchise, mate.
Oooooh that's vivi's Bro
DO PINKIE"S BREW PLEASE! FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!
HAI BRO
ohai starwars
Meanwhile but that one voice sounded like a girl... mybe i just came back during the high notes XD
THIS GUY IS WIN
Dari: Spiderses?
AND DO YOU HAVE A YOUTUBE CHANNEL!
Lil_B: He's really good.
Hey dude can you sing Always please?
DO IT!
Yes please.
your voice sounds perfect for it
i'm only joking of course. i would never lose respect for you my freind, as you are AMAZING
Yes.
CK|Catnap: That's kind of different in that it's not meant to be a good story in the first place, so it can't be ruined.
:P
tME!
I do
me
do it
Meanwhile I know, I heard him singing before I was away for 2 minutes XD
We need the Katamari Damacy Theme up in here
sonds great!
otakon: That's using dialect for an affect
Dari: Nonsense, Spiderses is an amazing story. D:
your background music is too loud for your mic, Vi-bro.
do it without bgm pls...the microphone delay lets you lag behind
otakon: Get over it.
Hey dude, can you please sing Always by Erasure?
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3ollrs/
Meanwhile: I'm over it, it's just goddamn nitpicky so I keep bringing it up that it IS nitpicky.
otakon: Well stop it.
Meanwhile: you stop being British then.
otakon: K, I'll start being Hungarian.
sprinkle_GS17: Probably not.
Meanwhile: there you go, done.
great
otakon, are you startin?
please sing Always
/me stops startin'.
Meanwhile: oh the irony http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3oy8ze/
stop startin
So I don't have that problem.
/me glomps VioletVanilla
Why do British people have so many u's in their words?
Always
by Erasure
Because we like the letter.
8,6Glomp PILE on VioletVanilla!
GabeMoist because that's how the words are actually spelt
BBBFF!
pinkies brew ^^
I still say Gypsy Bard, VioletVanilla =P
11,01Let's chant for Vi to go back on stream. I want to hear VioletVanilla!!!!!!
GabeMoist, Because it's their favourite way to spell things
/me glomps VioletVanilla
PINKIE'S BREW PLEASE!
Nittany_Discord: enope
I'm content with either at this point.
11,01Oh shut up otakon
I want to hear Always by Erasure from you
/me hugs VioletVanilla
Pinkie's Breeeeew
VioletVanilla: BBBFF Please!
/me hugs everypony <3
/me hugs VioletVanilla.
Nittany_Discord: dude, she'll be back. How many times do we get to hear this?
/me glomps VioletVanilla
/me hugs Meanwhile with GabeMoist and VioletVanilla
I'm jealous of his voice
/me 11,01dusts VioletVanilla
the dusk skyline looks great here
/me dusts the skyline
/me glomps VioletVanilla, Shizuka, and Rain
:(
:)
Whoa...how did it get synched? O.o
VioletVanilla: Thnak Yoooou!
Oh, derp XD
god i love this song
so cute
Does Vi have a YT channel?
Vordox: Wheres the fun in that :p
ACS13123: Quality :P I wanna hear him synched
...
VIBROTHER
TRY DO A PINKIE AND THE BRAIN!
Suddenly, high voice?
Nyan?
Nyan.
nyancat?
Nyanyanyanyanyan...
8,6lol
He's actually close to the tunes XD
He's so random. It's brilliant.
agreed
I must say i'm jelly i don't have that voice
:D
dat range
Meanwhile: He's more random then Nittany_Discord
HE CAN DO EET!
VioletVanilla: Try and do a Pinkie or Brain from Pinkie and the Brain? :P
EPIC VOICE
i bet one have asked for the he-man video ..
11,01Yes, Rainbow Dash!
MEGA MAN
epic vi brother
Dat random kick...?
CHARRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGE!
/me gives Nittany_Discord a rainbow dash toy
my little war pegasus.
dat Megaman Robot Master theme
Dat was probably too deep, Hmm
TheGreatAndPowerfulT, Let's Do it!
O.o
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: We need to ask it
11,01Yay! Another one!
PERFECT PINKY!
nice brain impression
killerpony7733 GabeMoist We ? nope you are on your own on this one
11,01I have a custom RD and a Mc.Donalds RD.
Lol Gollum
NEEDS MOAR HE MAN
/me gives Nittany_Discord an actual rainbow dash
He died for your SINS!
As awesome as this is... consider how insane Vi may have been driven...
Dat mine turtle.
Nittany_Discord: Can I have it :3
or vice versa, come to think of it...
By the power of Grey Skull...
YEAH!
/me 11,01hugs the RD.
And I say Hey hey hey hey
GabeMoist: :D
and i say hey whats going on
08,01i'm writing funny songs
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/35diqf/
08,01# oh i wish i had a robot man / as a human i would pass him off / we would build a working time machine / and go kidnap Isaac Asimov #
I would jus like to say that I am in love with "MicroVolts" Its so much fun ^_^ LOL
flippity floppity flippity BOO
a black screen and a mysterious voice. i'm curious as to what s going on
Suddenyl that part reminded me of Tale Spin...
SPAAAAAAAAAAAACE
Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace!
Bronysith: :D
Perfect.
he's good
Fact: Space does not exist.
Damn.
BREATHE
dem lungs
Spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccccccccceeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
BREATHE DAMN IT BREATH
good lung power
HE DOES NOT NEED TO BREATH!
Daayuum! I'm impressed.
He does need a microphone.
Yes please!
Yes!
YES
Derpy Imp O.o
Sure
GO!
YES!
sure why not
YES.
DO IT FILLY
YEAH!
DO EET.
FUCKING DO IT
Guys, WTF is going on? O_o
PLEASE
YEEEEEAAAAAH!
YES FOR THE LOVE OF PONIES YES!
eh, if you want to
"Anybody at all?" Entire chat said yes.
MY BODY!!!!
OH GOD
And i say spay ay ay ayys spay ay ay ays , i say space , whats going ooooon
IT'S THE NEW DERPY!
not bad
NOOOOOOOOOOO!
Vordox: it works
yay
:)
I'll give you a muffin right now.
MY EARS JUST HAD AN ULTRA-ORGASM
good enough :)
I liked the old Derpy voice. D:
WTF IS GOING ON?!! O_O
ohai Vordox
/me throws muffins at Vi Broth.
Hai Lil_B
I have no idea
/me noms on Vi Broth skulls
lol
D:
DISCORD
No wait, Luna Remix
Luna.
Yup
oh the luna song
Heard that.
We could hear it
yes
Affermative.
eys
who's streaming? :3
yush
Oh god..are you going to try and sing that version...
I wonder if he could sing the daddy discord song :O
Oh mai~
bye everyone
Spitfire: VioletVanilla is, but her bro is speaking.
I thought it was always on hot and sexy mode.
bye Lil_B take care.
bye Lil_B
Cya, Lil_B. Take care.
Bye Lil_B.
Meanwhile: He hijacked Vivi. :D
PIERCE THE HEAVENS
DO IT
bye Lil_B
/me TOTALLY FUCKING AGREES
HE JACKED THE VI!
very well
great
10/10
No sounds fine.
Your voice is around 90%,The Audio behidn is 80% So close enough. :)
sounds fine
9/10
Sounds good
i can it preatty well
not best quality
It's good there.
its fine
about muffins/10
fine.
Let's see if he can sing this one good, This is ONE HELL OF A song to sing to
It's fine.
Hmmm.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/34y0/
I see no problems.
Goddaaaaaaaaaaamn.
He'll crack his voice to this song. XD
well, at least he's ethusiastic
o_o
his neighbors will love it ^^
few points flat there.
i think
otakon ^-^ working on yours now
eh
panda: danke :)
Damnit even I am starting to sing XD
otakon no problem man ^-^
well gtg guys
bye
bye Fly...gone
Later Fly....:(
ORBITAL CANNON FIRE
Bugger. I forgot to bring up another bottle of water for my meds. Ah well. SOme one remind me in an hour or two ^_^
I think you're doing alittle too long there, try and "quieter" your voice during the long outdrawn tones, it'll sound better. :)
FairsHuff|Busy: I'll try to remeber for you.
Ponies47 Thankyou ^_^
Poor neighbours. XD
FairsHuff|Busy: No prob ^_^
SURFIN BIRD
Soundproof house.
DO SURFIN BIRD
Called it
Studio!? SING HIGH AND PROUD!
Nice.
Next door. Means next door.
XD
Go figure.
VI BRO DO surfin bird please
O__O
Dat Fluttershy
I stink at singing :(
Chances are most of us do.
I still try and sing Gypsy Bard, it's fun! :P
My singing is very bad
He has already done a Simon impression right?
Darf14: Same, my voice cracks not just glass, but concrete too
Mine is ok. But it could be better :s
DO SIMON OR KAMINA from gurren lagann or do Surfin BIRD
? Why hate it? It's a abridged version.
How about Karma Chameleon? :P
Not everyone listens to it.
lol
Meanwhile: Try and do the more tenor ones.
My voice caused 3 pie wars so far :(
I'm actually very jealous of you
Nono, I mean, we WON'T hate you for it
Eh. Why would we hate you?
Yeh, not everyone heard, or like, FiW.
Boggle! :D
I'll hate him when he stops.
Hmmm...
O u.
ART OF THE DRESS
XD
hmm..... cant think of anything >_<
VI BRO DO surfin bird please
Flutterwonder?
ART OF THE DRESS!
Katamari Theme with the Nananananananas
Pinkie's Brew PLEASE!
YES!
that's mean
Nah, not Art of the dress, I was kidding
SURFIN BIRD
I WAS KIDDING
PINKIE'S BREW!
NOooooo! I was kidding. XD
Fuck yes. :3
I wasn't. :3
Vordox: you asked for it
Hehehe
Ah crap. XD
AW YEAH!
FLUTTERWONDER
Vordox: and you GOT it
XD
Do it with that accent
11,01Do Art of the Dress in a dress.
Please.
11,01:p
Lol Nittany_Discord XD
:)
LOL
Heeeeeh
The Art of the Drag
So you can sing while you dress so you art of the dress while singing about dresses.....yeaaah
/me noms on Sumica
Yaaaaaaay
Applejacks's version.
I love it.
Yes.
I do that all the time. o_o
hmm, I've got two candidates in mind...
sounds like TCR is singing this
the Flim Flam brothers song (to give his upper range a bit of a break), or... Hush Now, Quiet Now. xD
Does Violet even know what's going on?
Aye, Daniel is great.
Kandarihu: I wonder. XD
Dat Nittany_Discord. He's so Nittany_Discord ish :P
He needs to sing HEYYEYAAEYAAAEYAEYAA
^
Lawl killerpony7733 XD
Daniel ingram is a boss
Yes
YES.
:D
11,01Dat Ponies47 and his 47 ponies.
Hahaha
YESAH EYAH EAYH!
Oh you DARE challenge your voice...?
YES
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Myah!
Myah.
AND HE TRIES
I KNOW which song you would have fun to sing too, by WHAM! :P
Myah.
and lag
Myah.
dammit
Nittany_Discord: No my 47 ponies! :p
OMG DO I PRAY
MYAH!
My god this is brilliant.
Wow.
I am impressed.
Y U STOP?! :O
MYAH
<3
So much <3
He sounds FAAAABUUUULOOOUUUUS!
<3
Dat hip.
wtf XD
o_o
Sounded like something about water.
lol
:S
good evening everyone
wtf
Sounds like he just ran out the door
OH COME ON! :[
good evening Alchemist :)
Well duuuuh.
Is he okay?
This stream is up to the top of my 5 streams best of this week
Jk. You mad? :P
what... the heck
Good Evening BS
ARE YOU OKAY GIGABIT?
so...whats going on here?
I heard there's singing going on
hiya PONY it's Vi's Bro
:D
HEY PONY
bitteschön
otakon: BUSTAH WOLF
hey PONY hows your day been
His voice... :'( It's so beautiful!
Quiet, thank's for asking alexxm
I never noticed this...but Rarity's Singer is actually suprising "high Alt"...That's HARD to sing
Dat meow.
Meow~
^
Somepony keeps trying to use mz nick
Is he gonna sing the second part as well?
Rarity, y u got such a hard singer to copy?
Low Alt is easier then high Alt. =/ Dang dat singer
goddammit why am I getting lag now?
that high part
it's JUST audio
I'm suprised he knows every song XD
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/3/d05c9AYlhEWyruD7F1lO6w2.jpg
I think he should try this day aria...actually.
Even the voice acting? Come on, stoping being so good!
oh youuuuu take the high road and i'll take the looooooh and i'll be in scottland afore yeeee
We have future animation voice actr right here
STREAMERS!
(preferably for male parts though)
Stop being so good!!! :D
Who's singing?
http://www.damnyouautocorrect.com/21289/yard-work-2/
Yeah, ViBrother is actually Tenor, no doubt, his lower tunes are too vibrato to sing a clear note too long. Hmmm... What songs fits with that...*searches
Gigabit is now my best pony.
that pitch
Inb4 meme
inb4 20% cooler
It needs to be 20% Cooler :)
20% Cooler
Omah gosh he said it.
nailed that one
Well...that just hit my self-esteem harshly...
chat derped
HESAIDITHESAIDITOMGOMGOMGOMG :O
I found the perfect MLP song he cannot sing. :P
how is he able to keep up?
http://www.damnyouautocorrect.com/21222/i-made-it-myself/
PONY: Years of training his voice.
Vordox, SSCS6000?
So, VioletVanilla You wanted to break your voice? :P
Yes. X3
Then I know which song you should not try, for real
Bronysith, what will the next meme be?
ded?
PONY: which one you want?
The CMC Theme's with Scootaloo, That song... can't get worse. XD
FLUTTER WONDER
http://www.damnyouautocorrect.com/21135/lovehate-relationship/
XD
Bronysith, you take requests :P
Vordox: It's suppose to be.
Ofc ded.
Everlasting_Joy: I know! I want the clean one. D:
Vordox, Super Speedy Cider Squeezy 6000
DO IT
lol
Sing find a pet!
OH YES CrimsonPhoenix !!!
YES!
:3
Vordox: Fair enough.
Bronysith, couragewolf?
No...wait...
how ded?
CrimsonPhoenix: That's actually high bass....
I think his Voice chords can do it though
08,01everyone
Like, twitching ded.
There we go.
08,01when you have time
noone
this stream is hitting hard on me...
my mouse keeps acting up
08,01promise me
woulndt it be alive if it was twitching?
/me crosses fingers
PONY: http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/19a1/
Pinkie promise?
My voice gives me superstrength !
Death rattle.
I'm just trying to find songs that you can sing from MLP that suits your chords. :P
08,01you will listen to the 2nd Movement of Ravel's Piano Concerto
Bronysith. not bad.
/me sits down to listen
Fluttershy and RD voice singer time!
08,01everyone promise me this
PONY: http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/Bk6/
who's streaming?
Vi's brother.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/Id/ PONY how about this?
Sky is good
Bronysith, no need to ping me, I automatically click every link... That's why I wanted to change the meme, because autocorrect fails are TL;DR :P
08,01Bronysith: ive done that
He's doing what I love and want to do...
Mmm Ravel
Cricket....really? :P
o lord...
inb4 Gilda
dat would be me
ogd
08,01Bronysith: wait, no, i mean ive slept with an ex's ex
this is too fucking insane http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/k8y/
Bronysith: Dude, that's weird. Brilliant but weird.
08,01because she was getting the hots for him
Bronysith: NOT PEN!!!
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/zr/
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pz9qn/#by=ad
I hate jealousy
08,01its okay though, she knew
08,01and totally approved
Hmm, Lower Tenor/High tenor...*Digging digging*
this song is so awesomely epic
^
11,01Do math HW in pen? That's like hard mode.
Bronysith: huh?i always do math homework in pen
Insanity mode.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/6a34/
o hay, everypony is here
Nittany_Discord: exactly
Bronysith: Suprisingly, this song was nomiated for Best Cartoon Song
well, i think i'll get outta here
Actually maths in pen is easy
Nittany_Discord I did it in pen, every time >:O
GO GOVIBROTHER! The fast part!
Hehe "oh god"
Vordox: not really surprising. it is an EPIC duet
D:< I wrote everything in pen
ogod my kidneys http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/35e2l0/
Vivi's bro can you do SSCS6000?
am I really the only one to usually be only at weekends?
Not bad ViBro!
I love you! Your singing voice is heavenly! :'(
Super Speedy Cider Squezzy 6000?
^
Bronysith: I'd so do that.
08,01ViBro...
Bronysith XDXDXD
11,01Lol Bronysith
08,01"vibro"
i cant breathe
what do you mean by writing in pen? wiritng with a pen instead of pencil?
oh wow
dat giggle
:D
i mean
erm.
Oh god, the sexy voice is back.
Giggle.
jeez.
/me "What? The plane has WIFI? Time to finish season 4 of Mayday."
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/359otm/
>_<
Stoppit, mang. Stoppit!
YES
11,01No. Watch a terrorist flick.
oh well have some fun
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/BW/
11,01Watch Die Hard 2.
:O
11,01On the plane.
hahaha
NAH WATCH aIRPLANE!
Nittany_Discord: That has a "Bad Luck Brian" set up.
Nittany_Discord: XD
MY LEG!
I hear Drama
morning
Oh my leg
08,01Bronysith: okay, i think that's enough quickmeme, hun
Good god I love this guy.
Bronysith: You're really starting to creep me out now :S
YES
IT IS
Nittany_Discord: "Watch terrorist movie on plane. Real terrorists on the plane."
my leg actually hurts
Who is streaming?
the quick memes have been going on since... I dunno
Everlasting_Joy: terroists watch with you
:D
well shit
His voice seems to actually fit the voice kinda good.
08,01Bronysith: i have no idea what roadhead is
A hundred million monies.
NIKO,MY COUSIN!
WANNA GO BOWLING?
no worries Vi Broth
Take all the time you need.
I can hear him behind me
^^
Seriously dude I want to ask you SO many question
RomanBellic: For the last time, I don't want to go fucking bowling! *hangs up*
Please stop making the sexy voice it's making me blush.
AND I SAY HAY HAY HAY HAY HAY What's goin on
cause I REALLY want to go in VA
1
Stop whispering in our ears, Vibro. o_o
Scary surround system
OKAY COUSIN MAYBE LATER!
Biglaw vivis brother is
HEY NIKO WANNA GO BOWLING?
ogod INSANITY wolf you are killing my kidneys
since it's my only thing in life that I think I'm decent enough to develop
try fan songs
http://badponyocs.tumblr.com/post/26735645521/obnoxious-bright-colours-that-dont-go-together
heh
Eeeyup.
buck testa
AAAAAA! *crashes heli into building* Shit!
stereo mic?
or post process effect?
Derpy_Hooves: they are so disgusting
Which song was it? :P
OK PICK ME UP IN NEXT HOUR COUSIN
o gawd
aw please sing Darkness
GIVE ME YOUR VOICE
wow that is creepy
damn headphones
I LOVE super speedy cider squeezy 6000 or whatever
Take on me.
me hooomr
home
I keep flinching when he does the surround thingie
Dat mic, Poor dat mic. XD
:D
can you do the fire fly theme song
X_o
woah
Best singer
The surround sound thing makes me shiver.
you owe me a new wineglass.
OH YEAG
omg <$
Yes!
<3
hen3ry: lol
Wow...
is that
Rock za
Do a voice of crazy Twilight Sparkle! :P
THAT IS
11,01http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pjmcu/ <- I like this one.
Dis gun b gud
if he can hit that note he can doooo anything
rel gud!
This song is familiar...
Nittany_Discord: /)
11,01(\
OH!
oh... my snacks are ready brb
Touuchiiing meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
can I haz brohoof too? /)
Nittany_Discord I prefer a JIGSAW puzzle :p
all the touching.
God daaaaaaaamn.
Saw the game.... heck ill play
PONY: (\
Oh jeez, that "Bad Pony OC" site. . .
Dat is the PERFECT example of Lowto mid Tenor to voice crackign High Tenor. XD
:)
/me likes this singer
11,01http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3owxuh/ <- Similar.
/me would buy tickets to see this live
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/6fl3/
/me headbangs(Dang my steroe+bass<3)
Pika!
LAwl wuut Pika? XD
GUITAR!
Waaaat.
XD
Use Thunderbolt!
ogod i love laughing till it hurts to breathe Nittany_Discord
Okie dokie lokie.
Still better love story than Twilight
This, is better than ALL love stories
XD
PONY everything is a better love story then that
DAMN
Daayuuum.
The mic died(Jokingly, not really XD)
okay THAT is impressive
...
This is awesome.
alexxm, and that better be remembered
Alright, sing smooth criminal next
00,10now do the song that's not loud
hmmmm .... do Cosmic Love next please ?
AAAAA
lol Sumica, there you o XD
Sing Bohemian Rhapsody!
^
DAAYUUM IT.
YESH
X_o ...Curse you headpones!
"Not loud" AAAAAAAAAH
Nah, not Bohemian
Heehee
OH
Sing Bohemian Rhapsody!
I KNOW WHICH SONG!
Bohemian Rhapsody!
Bicycle race then
YEAH
Bicycle!
And then chat was Bohemian Rhapsody.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/4eca/
Queen be good
bicycle, bicycle
Is this the real life?
I want to ride my
LOL Sumica XD
o, fair enough
Inb4 sweetie.
...
I can live with this. :3
:I
Or is this just fantasy?
OH SHIT inb4 SWeETIE BELL!
The true Lullaby
Damn it.
Any way the wind blows!
Hehe, nope, redone version.
I wanted Soul!
Caught in a landslide no escape from realityyyyy!
YES@!
Happy now Sumica? XD
best sweetie belle voice
Open your eyes, look up to the skies and seeeeeeeeee
:I
needs more gospel
I'm just a poor boy, I need no sympathy
Sweetie Bell's suprisingly hard to get the correct octave. XD
ogod. i got a buzz like when you smoke a cig. WHO NEEDS niccoteni when you have comedy
sounds like FiW silver spoon
best sweetie belle impression
Cause I'm easy come, easy go
Ok i'll stop now
Happeh nau, Sumica?
00,10I cant hear the songs
there's a bunch of creepy versions of that song
I'm never happy.
Little high, little low
YES!
Goood do the surround thing again~
creepy
O_O
We are insatiable !
VioletVanilla: The songs has become too low
In the background
Ohai adasdad
you knwo what
that is creepy
VioletGreySha: Increase them by about...20%?
That is just lovely.
i got chills
there multiplying
and im losing control
and gone.
This Day .... di eeeeet
Dat kick
AHAHAHAHAHAHA
Daddy Discord? :P
well that can't be good
I dunno
thats creepy
Cause the power you're supplying
hi everypony
Vordox: wrong violet :P
It's electrifying!
O_O
hi dashee!
its electrifying
VioletGreySha: Why do you have that name? XD
DIscord is NOT VIncent Price
Ohai dashee :)
YAY!
Bicycle.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/B3O/
/me totally worth t
Crazy Twilight voice! :P
but still good none the less
it
VioletVanilla: The song is TOO low in the background, WAY too low, you need to increase it by alot
ohai
BIYCYCLE O_o
Vordox: long storry
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pac0u/ VioletVanilla
This.... Is just slightly funny
11,01http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/359zgg/ <- Oh joy.
Lyriiiiiics
this is a good cover
VioletVanilla: You need higher background, we can hardly hear the song's tunes. :(
:D
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/gH/
11,01This isn't VioletVanilla.
i know its the original he was playing i meant him singing it
8,6Shizuka wants to ride her Vicycle? :3
creepy
Nittany_Discord: you dont say
Goddamnit stop that
um guys
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/gvf/
im new here
O GAWD, he's riding aroung my head with a BICYCLE
It's too sexy
^
how do you do the faces?
oh god ear to ear
>_<
Lol..... kirzstryfe
:)
/me 11,01hugs Shizukckle.
13i want mein bakery.. and have a vivi in it too
11,01I butchered that spelling.
yea that was a little nsfw
11,01You've had kidney stones too kirzstryfe?
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/1wq5/
well this is an interesting chat
Michael Jackson
13enough bronysith please
11,01Nevermind.
Shizuka: okay
FLUTTERWONDER
XD
try singing that
do iit
now you sound like MAS rarity
Write, compose & record your own song
yay
Lol
lol, It's funny because I bet he can nail it.
NO FLUTTERWONDER
You know WoodenToaster changed the name of that so many times...
He sounds a bit like Mort when he did that last bit
yeah he is changeing tha name for each letter in the alphabet
00,03Smile smile smile~
ACS13123 i only knew it as flutterwonder how many other names has it had
/me licks Scoot-Scootaloo
Whatever you want man
the fire fly theme song
hiya Scoot-Scootaloo he did that one already
hmmm... This day Aria?
11,01Scoot-scoot-scoot-scootaloo!
13cause i just want to set you on fire, fire, fiiire~
13yes i do
alexxm: .. thats a different song
Hey there, Scoot-Scootaloo.
PINKIES BREW FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!
psych theme song
PINKIES
^
I think I shall go watch Minami-Ke again for the 5th time ^_^ Love that anime.
/me eats PONY
pinkies brew
00,03I take it I missed something...
;) thanks!
BREW!
It makes me happy when you burn burn buuuurn~ Shizu?
ACS13123 oh sorry which one where you talking about
I wanna hear some scitsophrenia
Inb4 goddamnit.
Sing Pinkie's Brew!
pinkies brew!!!
00,03Oh.. Gigabit is in da house?
I really would like to hear Art of Distress... But I might be the only one
sing the firefly theme song
It would be cool if he sand winter wrap up
alexxm: avast Fluttershys ass
sang*
okay guys gotta go
06What do you guys think of him so far? c:
00,03Sing Heyeyeyey
going to dinner
ACS13123 ah right what other names has it had
cya otakon
VioletVanilla: BRILLIANT
Cya otakon
00,03I think that's how i goes...
Scoot-Scootaloo: He did that as well. :P
hes cool
VioletGreySha: He's good. ME GUSTA *Me gusta face*
00,03FUUUUU-
VioletVanilla: I love him.
alexxm: about 5 different names...
VioletVanilla: your bro is AWESOME, please tell me he has a YT channel, you too.
VioletVanilla: thank you VERY much for the stream, take care dear
VioletVanilla, quite the amusing stream
00,03Silly ponies, gigabit isn't Violet's bro....
06We work together on many thigns <3
bye all, AND THANK YOU VI'S BRO!
it was a good team
Bye otakon
Wb.
bye otakon
pinkies brew
^
Farewell otakon!
Ponies47: and me gust a fail ping :3
Bye otakon :)
no
NONONOON
Seeya otakon.
Scoot-Scootaloo: No one but you actually cares about that song.
VioletGreySha: FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU! I did it agian! :(
:O
I like these improvised imitations
00,03Also Tara Strong
:O great singing
inb4dari
Yay! Bronysith 's favorite song!
Scoot-Scootaloo: So no one useful to society. Also Tara Strong.
CrimsonPhoenix: Wut?
11,01But Gigabit looks lovely.
11,01:p
I thought you would react
To what?
Bronysith: JK. You mad? :3
00,03Meanwhile: 12 year olds have a lot to give to society!
nothing nothing
/me notbadface.jpg
00,03They are the future~
Scoot-Scootaloo: Sounds legit.
I have seen the future. And everything's made of chrome.
...who is singing XD
11,01Gigabit.
Meanwhile how much of it is chrome
11,01Vi's friend.
00,0312 year olds will be made into chrome? :O
Ah
alexxm: All of it.
Meanwhile: Are there Meanwhiles X, Y and Z too?
better than Sketchy Sounds for sure
Scoot-Scootaloo: I'm 14 so HA! :D
MegaMoonShine: There are. I hate them.
Meanwhile: I mean Meantrons
respect
that was impressive
brilliant
11,01Sing the reprise.
^
:P the future is made of muffins
and then pinkie's brew/the gypsy bard, goshdarnit.
^
11,01When Chrysalis sings.

11,01Near the end of the episode.
and the luna FiW song
muffins
This day has been just perfect , the kind of day of wich i've dreamt since i was small. Everypony i'll soon controll every stallion mare and foal , who says a girl cant really have it all 'chuckle'
muffins 6_9
The Gypsy Bard song is only 1 minute long, and you learn it quick :P
Pinkies brew is surprisingly hard some say
So uh. Anypony here going to Canterlot Gardens in September? :3
11,01Yay.
Ponies47: will you?
Dat evil laugh
he can hear us :O
best chuckle
sprinkle_GS17: It's a maybe! My mom says she'll take me out to Ohio!
Sing Be Prepared
its more of a ha ha hi chuckle
/me is prepared
^
/me is prepared
00,03...We need to do a duet..
Their coming to take me away
oh crap im not prepared! :O
Hello everybody! I'm really tired to day. It's been busy, but I'm doing well. And I love you all! C:
hi pikorar
AND THEN PINKIE'S BRE!
Hello pikorar :)
11,01Scoot-Scootaloo: I'd say go for it.
hey pikorar how have you been
<3
8,6does anyone have Worms Reloaded and want to play some multiplayer?
pikorar, PONY: Oh, and hi guys, I'm just to busy to talk at the moment. :D
Can't have enough of smile.swf
the smile song :)
GilDash!
11,01I have it, but my PC is dead :<
00,03If only...
smile smile smile :)
kirzstryfe, does it cost money?
Hi PONY, hi MegaMoonShine, hi alexxm, it's been pretty good, hi GilDash. Love you guys.
/me is multitasking
GabeMoist....yeah..
Can't
8,6to buy yes, unfortunately
I'm poor
<3
sorry dont have worms
/me hugs pikorar
11,01I'm thinking of putting something up for sale for the $150 I need.
11,01Or donations.
:S I wonder if he knows the hush now quiet now
I used to play Worms when each worm was like 6 pixels.
this song makes me feel sad for some reason, how ironic
Dear Princess Celestia I'd like to share my opinion with you. *clear throat*
Nittany_Discord, what were you planning to sell
Nittany_Discord I still wait for the maid stream :p
Shy guy is a goddamn astard
kirzstryfe, if I had money and a better pc, we could play Just Cause 2 multiplayer
Tea break take 2.
Your faithfull follower CrimsonPhoenix
11,01Biglaw: What maid stream? I don't owe anyone a maid stream.
8,6Just Cause 2 breaks computers
so did 1 at it's day
im smiling :)
My computer breaks itself
Just Cause 2 has multiplayer? :O
MegaMoonShine, there'
s a mod
GabeMoist any idea why
Nittany_Discord oh, my bad, thought you did :p
It's not built to play games like that
11,01You were thinking of Bronyfunds.
11,01Didn't raise enough.
Ah, yes, perhaps next time
/me starts saving up
I tried the Just Cause 2 demo, but got an error
encore
I wish they had that mod for PS3
Bronyfunds closed the collection too soon...
great job :)
11,01There's an MP mod for Just Cause 2?
11,01Oooh.
Nittany_Discord, yup
I'm sad because I can't play it ;___;
11,01I should stream JC2.
8,6Nittany, it would melt you
11,01I would love to play Metro 2033, but it lags on my PC.
I can only listen to the voice :'(
11,01kirzstryfe: K.
Metro 2033 is nice
If anypony says that they have problems with Mario Tennis Open they should break their 3ds and quit gaming.
Question - I'm playing Just Cause 2 for the first time. Where do I find the Ular Boys leader? I want to do they're missions.
Metro 2033 is one god damn awesome game
Mario Tennis 64 is a BITCH
Yes.
<3
o_o
Back.
wb.
wb
Howdy Meanwhile.
So rage inducing
11,0164!
FairsHuff|Busy: did you have your water?
FairsHuff|Busy: Doesn't it show where to find him on the map?
Im ready
speaking of tennis...Roger Federer won his 17th grand slam today, yay
My body isn't ready.
oh hai 64
/me 11,01dusts SuperBrony64
/me hids
:S
Oh goddamn.
Dem sync beats.
Oh god this song XD
:I
My body wasn't ready DAMN IT.
<3
:I
And now he's even sexier than he was.
:D
At least it's not Friday
I:
I can't hangle this...
heh
What's a hangle?
PONY I haven't played it in months so not sure of the area name but it's deep underground (Pfft like that helps ^_^) and there are these things like balls of lightening that pop up from the ground. I can't kill them and they keep killing me.
It's a typo.
Good answer.
^_^
00,03...dis song...
Ikr?
FairsHuff|Busy: you are sort of supposed to avoid them, like you were told when they were introduced
As for Just Cause which I'm playing right now the Leader of the Ular Boys isn't on the map.
FairsHuff|Busy: aka run&hide
I could only wonder who's singing this x3
Swapped the gender on lay. Damn.
>_<
O_O
Imagine him swinginy around all bishie while singing :P
PONY I tried. But it's a semi escort misson. If I leave the guy I'm with or he dies then game over
saxzy saxzy saxzy
Vordox: welp, there goes my attention span.
Chat has become quiet for good reasons
/me moonwalks across the stream
FairsHuff|Busy: Have you found the other leaders?
elements of rarity ;)
FairsHuff|Busy: oh shi-
http://images.4chan.org/m/src/1341602531664.jpg <-- Have a pony gundam.
kay lol
MegaMoonShine I only just started playing Just Cause 2 for the first time.
11,01Gigabit has gender-changing powers! He uses them for good.
HAKOF
Who might be streaming as of now?~
Oh really now...?
Nyria vivis sister
Nittany_Discord Super Hero -ine
Vi's Brother.
11,01XD
I got a video for you after this stream then Nittany_Discord
Nyria Vivi's brother
11,01Lol.
Nyria vivis brother i derped
Goddaaaaamniiiiiiiiit.
MegaMoonShine I would look it up but I know I'll be drawn into spoilers if I do.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/xp6/
alexxm: Ah I see~ Danke.
11,01Vordox: I don't know how to respond.
Sith I'm gonna be blunt
No one
And I mean no one
Sold.
11,01Gigabit is not Vi's brother.
brb
Nittany_Discord: YOu will shortly. You KNOW my youtube powers. :P
Likes your quickmeme links.
11,01Also, pouring down rain outside.
yay :)
:I
Dat whining.
^
dat complaining
^^
it hurts my ears
:D:D
^^^^^^^^^^^ so freaking much
My ears feel good now. :3
that timing
lol :D
/me ears fall off
wow good timing there
can you do the firefly theme song
pinkie brew!
I still would like art of distress
pinkie's*
This song is pretty good :)
and pinkie's brew
maybe Moskau
11,01Vordox: You can PM it to me.
YES
Do Moskau! :D
Nah I want everyone here to see it XD
11,01K.
back
quite an opening :S
11,01Welcome back Ponies47.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/1vbg/
Thanks Nittany_Discord :)
Oh I love this song :)!
hey Ponies47 what have you been up to
alexxm: I just went to get some chocolate milk :P
Nyria: The beginning of order by Stormwolf
Dat beat boxing
MegaMoonShine: Danke every much~
ok Ponies47 and you come back to a song about discord
Did you like, mentally block what I just said?
alexxm: Guess so :P
Anarchy
/me Drinks glass, throws chocolate milk, chocolate milk explodes
>.>
13bronysith..
13i have asked you nicely to stop with the quickmeme spam
13so please stop
Which song is this...?
Thankyou.
VioletVanilla: How old is your brother? Just checking. :P
Vordox i have no idea
00,03Not.. her... brother
Vordox: Stormwolf - The Beginning of Order
/me cheers
PONY probably as insane as everyone else
Friend then. =P
I bet he's 16-17
How do you feel about Disney, Gigabit? :P
Pinkies Brew
or art of Distress
Disney :[
pinkies brew!
PONY: Already had Art of the dress
or Hellfire
Vordox, wrong song
PINKIE'S BREW, DARNIT!
alright...
the fire fly theme song
yes, hellfire!
Rescue Rangers Intro, GigaBit? ;)
hellfire, I'm gonna make a man out of you
I don't think I've heard you sing Becoming Popular.
What was that?
I dont like disney :'(
Fine, skip Disney =P
>Don't like Disney.
>Does not compute.
Pinkie's Brew is most requested I think
11,01I hated Disney as a kid.
11,01For the longest time.
do the firefly theme song
I never heard pinkies brew
sadface
11,01Gigabit's Brew?
I wonder what he thinks of Luna
wot?
Yes.
Yes you are.
yes.
Why not~
eeyup
Probably.
yep
pretty much agreed
this guy is not lame. he is completely awesome
Nope
Maybe...
Mulan man make song
Nevermind GigaBit. :)
Lion King. :D
MAYBE :3
Lion King? You crazy?
the Hellfire song, from disneys hunchback of notre dam
^_^
00,03Fuuu- Gotta go :(
Hellfire , dark fire thats burning in my skin
listen it once
We gotta link this man this song.
I've cooked up a solution...
GigaBit: I'll sen you the link later for the FiW series which has alot of songs. :)
Oh he notices the girls here :)
Bye Scoo..........:(
Me neither
you NEED to watch friendship is witchcraft, then.
We love you to.
too*
we are a brilliant audience
VioletVanilla you are awesome!
We love you, indeed.
Indeed, love you too~
Eeyup.
/me Floats in the air while saying "awwwwwwwwwwww"
Several of her own songs has been here.
:3
<3
Awwww yeah
You. Are. Awesome.
:O
/me bobs his head
And I mean it. :3
Bopping along over here.
/me chains Nittany_Discord into his chair.
Oh jeez, I'm getting Waxonation flashbacks.
I CANT WAIT TO BE KING
Everlasting_Joy: enjoy the ride
11,01Hey!
11,01Let me go!
Dat Rowan Atkinson
I'll assume this song is from Lion King.
I like that Man make song from Mulan... What ever it's name is.
this movie was one of my favorites as a kid
I can't believe it...
Meanwhile: duh
You know you can just explode, Nittany_Discord ?
Never seen Lion King.
what?
Bronysith: :d
PONY Ancient China? Everyone speaks English
PONY: Or what MegaMoonShine said, thinking about it. :D
11,01When I'm Lion King, I'm re-instating Aztec sacrifices!
GilDash, thank you brilliant, the other name is ridiculously long
11,01Yummy zebra hearts.
Hey , its not Disney , but could you do " In the dark of the night"
I nominate Nittany_Discord for king
Ill make a man out of you :D
11,01Gain zebra powers.
Nittany_Discord: You leave Zecora alone. >:I
11,01Lol.
Ponies47 how come?
GilDash, "Man Make Song" is a good name too though :P
I wonder.... Hellfire from Notre Dame... :P
um what did i just hear?
YES
Hellfire is a good one.
Lol.
PONY: Because we don't know what any... it's on now. :D
Oh this one~
dem drums
/me drums
woo hoo~
Dovah: Pure awesomeness
Do Be Prepared Hebrew Version
Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes *HoppingTwilight.gif*
Let's get down to business...
LOL
BRILLIANT
Mulan
YEAH
Yeeeeeeah.
Srs bsns
Mulan :D
FOOOR SOOOOOOOOOONS!
Hnngggg my childhood!!!!
who is this?
The huns :O
Sing "A whole new world" next!
This is Gigabit.
You're the saddest bunch, i ever met, But you can bet before we're through, Mister I'll make a Man out fo yoooooou!
Though, I don't see as to why in Ancient China everyone speaks english
i saw the premire of this in england
alexxm: Idk. I just did. Then I rewatched the Lion King on Youtube and then I felt dumb. I had forgot how good the movie was it had been years since I watched that movie. :s
the man make song... or be a man, or I'm gonna make a man out of you, or what ever
Biglaw: Because otherwise kids'd be confused.
Biglaw, because the Jackie Chan Mandarin version is too awesome
Meanwhile :I not my point
Tranqul as a forest, but on fire within. Once you find your center, you'll be sure to wiiiiin! You're a spineless pail pathetic lot, and you haven't got a clue! Somehow I'll make a maaaan out of yoooooouuuuuuu!
i saw the premire of this in england
Biglaw: The answer to your point though.
He's gonna make men out of us all
I CAN'T DICtate faster!
GabeMoist exactly, the kids would explode from the awesome
Meanwhile :p
Be a man!
ViBro, sing the Mandarin version of this song next'
Man make time
/me attacks Sylandest with hugs
but i dont wanna be a man :'(
Man make zeit*
/me hugs Ninjazz back :)
GabeMoist: It wasn't Vivis Brother :P
the gurren lagann amv of this is one of the best i've seen
Nightmare Moon
alexxm: link?
alexxm: Are you serious? :O
alexxm: Best thing ever!
alexxm: Link?
/me does an awesome training montage
WHOA tone off there at the end, Gigabit XD
Clap clap clap.
for the last time ...Not brother
yay!
alexxm: K.
/me claps
No.
/me claps
It was brilliant.
/me claps
do the Hellfire song, from disneys hunchback of notre dam?
Nah it ain't bad.
Sing A whole new world!
Very well done indeed~
it was WONDERFUL!
Do the Mandarin version!
NO
Vundepah!
GOD NO
Do not do Whole new world XD
IT WAS STUNNING :O
.....
That'll ruin your voice.
A whole new woooooooorld
No need to do that one, man.
always
eeyup
If you want to try.
Ye
Oh boi...
:D
here we go!
yeah just try :S
Didn't some guy already do that?
this is going to e interesting
and it was awesome
aladdin?
He sounds just like aladdin :O
:D
O.o
:D
DUDE WTF
OHGOD
Like a boss.
Biglaw: :D
ogod i love mulan
That's amazing
lololo
VioletGreySha|sleep: You're He-Man!
wrong movie
Someone give me this on a cd
SO. WHO HERE REMEMBERS ME?
I HAVE CREATED A GOD! :O
Litwick I do!
Litwick: I do.
i do
o.o
/me faints from the awesome
And how many people missed me?
/me takes out a pokeball and throws it on Litwick.
Litwick, sort of
Not me
Ohai Litwick I remember you too :)
Ohey there, Litwick.
Litwick I missed you :(
hey Litwick where have you been
Gabe you ass.
hehehe
Alex: Vacation.
how was it Litwick
Alexxm: And ive been wrapped up in tumblr.
Hi Litwick I dont know you though :)
terrific
Better then I thought it would be.
Good job.
That was really good.
Original Pokemon theme!
BRILLIANT!
quite good
Nice falsetto dude.
we request sea ponies :D
Prob cause im new
:D
You guys are going to kill his voice you know. =P
OH GOD.
YES@
WOOHOOO!
woo hoo~
I WANNA BE
MY CHILDHOOD!
pokemans
Ohboy here we go.jpg
POLKAMON!
:D This is my face right now!
ogod
OH YES
Litwick: Hey, you're back. :)
YES YES actual good pokemon
/me loves Polkamon
Biglaw Yeah, how have you been?
:p
Gildy!
Hope this is the full version.
Inb4 it isn't.
we need a singind duo
:D
Litwick: I remember you, Been a long time since i last saw your username :P
POOOOKEEEEEMOOOOOOOOOOOON
Biglaw: Link to site?
It IS
Hot damn
alexxm Nothing much. Just preparing for Comic Con and several weddings. Also been moving.
better than Smosh
Biglaw Cool!!
/me has a nostalgia boner
I like the Ron Paul version of this song
Playing HeartGold while listening to this.
Oh! are we doing singing music? I have pony music like that. Can I link?
/me wants to pull out his gameboy
this show was my childhood
Biglaw: it's not going through for me.
/me wishes he had a gameboy right now
who's streaming?
/me has a gameboy right now
FairsHuff|Busy: Hey dude your meds
gameboy, we have emulators :P
My gameboy died many years ago.
OH OH OH ! I wanna see how good you are on clarity now, This is a REAL CHALLENGE; do the Poke Rap(151th version) Good luck with that! See how your tongue handling is. :P
Oh god who is this mod?
What did I miss
i have my gameboy next me
HES MY FAVORITE NOW.
Vordox, FUND IT
who is streaming?
/me glomps Ponies47
Biglaw: . . . Aaaand watching.
hi :3
Idk :P
Everlasting_Joy: Thanks! I'll give you a watch too :)
I hear it fine.
Pokemon!
Ash is singing SeaponiesofLiverpool
06I am streaming sillies~
:D
Poke Rap! :D
its been good alexxm
Hey FairsHuff|Busy!
hey violet did you like my song?
Yeah do the poke rap
Biglaw: You won't get much out of me, for what it's worth.
Pokerap
All dem 149 Poke mon names. XD
do it
/me 11,01hugs VioletVanilla
Haha, I had that memorized at one point.
nao
/me glomps Nittany_Discord
pokerap is best rap
dont be scared :)
Get a drink of water
Seriously..:Have you guys TRIED to sing the Poke rap? WHO here actually done it? :P
/me 11,01dusts kirzstryfe with his feather duster 2000.
Wanna do :"In the dark of the night" ?
MJ
Everlasting_Joy: well, I'll give you a llama :)
...I should be sleeping... But I'm stuck here again
I find it amusing that you're doing vocal tuning warmups for a rap.
/me vacuums Nittany_Discord
Biglaw: Fair enough.
/me 11,01washes GabeMoist
can you do the firefly theme music
You can do this!
PONY: http://i.imgur.com/mOy1c.png
/me dusts Nittany_Discord with a rake
11,01Feels good.
Meanwhile, exactly
Meanwhile: :D
GigaBit: You CAN say that you don't want to do it :P
Meanwhile: So true...
Wb.
Meanwhile: But totally worth it
Welcome back
Giga Refuses to refuse a challenge
08,01do any oof
Wb
08,01whoops
Do any oof.
08,01do any of you live in manchester?
Then I wish you luck, my tongue always get stuck several times...
Nope
Its so hard to vocalize it ><
:D
08,01GabeMoist: its in england
So no.
No then
He mean't Manchester UK
Does anyone live in burlington?
so violet.... what do you think of the song I made?
08,01i want some advice on something
08,01hey SeaponiesofLiverpool
Bloody UK, always making brilliant stuff happen and forcing me to visit there
Bollocks. All we make is sarcasm and monocles.
08,01PONY: i shall take that as a personal compliment
ah, i'm afraid i only ever went there once for an interview
Ill come here as much as I can :)
this place rocks!
Chrysalis, I am aware
Do F*** You Texas.
and just a little bit saxy
XD
also forever greatful
JM's pretty cool.
I don't mind
Is what ok?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VBPwCmU0V-Q do that for a challange :p
If you're doing it i'm totally ok!
Violet, what about Seapony Beatles?
I missed it, what's he doing?
yay!
<3
o_o
/me puts on headphones.
OMG
<3
OH THIS song <3 I love this one
<3
JUST IN TIME FOR THIS!
08,01before it was replaced with jaded cynicism, and crippling ennui
Heart time!
Ooh.
iv been here regular for maybe 5 months now
Oh I like this song :)
still awesome
hey PartyCannon hows your day been
I'll be right back.
<3<3<3<3<3<3 great job
alexxm it's been great :)
good to hear PartyCannon
This song reminds me of "I got high". XD
08,01Meanwhile: ah come on, you know im the opposite of jaded!
08,01well, in regards to this place
hes all Saphired
/me does the thing with the hands swaying in the air
/me curses his trollshorts.
This is why I only come here doing vacation or weekends... way too brilliant, and this is why I'm gonna need a lot of coffee tomorrow... AGAIN.
08,01SeaponiesofLiverpool: not yet, no
Put wallet in left pocket. Feel wallet hit left foot. Grumble
08,01i'll ddo sowhen om bacj at my laptop
aww were like a family <3
Put wallet in right pocket. Feel wallet hit left foot. ffffffffffffff-
hoping I can convince Violet to play it
08,01as you can probalvt tell, im curently on ?y phone
clearly
xD
08,01PONY: not true
08,01have you seen the new ones?
I bet Violet has listened to this song at least 20 times
Got damn good range dude.
yes, they contradict their previous statement
The new ones look more like wheely bins than the ones before them did.
because this is what I normally do
and the timing is really spot on
so what song is this
I wonder what MLP FIM season 3 will bring
the original Cyberman Comeback for that statement was jsut brilliant though; "This is obvious."
*APPLAUSE*
^
WOOO!
How about "F*** You Texas"?
<3<3<3<3<3
THAT WAS BRILLIANT!
do something brilliant, so I can go to sleep afterwards
That would be quite lovely~
do the firefly theme song
I heard bubbles
o.o
Hehehe.
hey Violet? Seaponies?
Well I gotta go guys. Thanks for awesome stream :)
DON'T DIE MAN!
/me calls 911
YES
GigaBit: Bon Jovi? :)
06Thank you MegaMoonShine (:
see you later MegaMoonShine!
Bye MegaMoonShine.
ImOkayWithThis.jpg
roses are red, violets are blue, believe in the kamina. who makes a man out of you
bye MegaMoonShine
Aww yeah
d'aww
Oh this~ I love this song~
OH SNAP
Oh, this song~
YAAAAY
this song was from one of my favorite movies as a kid
/me remembers when he watchedToy Story
/me fond memories
...
I dislike Toy Story.
BOO THIS MAN
i remember when i first saw this it was on VHS
what violet doesn't know is that his voice is being recorded
(not by me)
i wanna watch Toy Story now
>Violet
I mean on his end
>He
Violet, a he? lolwut.
No~ It's her brother~
Fun fact, Violet /is/ streaming, but currently isn't singing.
^
anyway... 5 hours 'till work, Good Night and thanks for Everything again!
:(
SeaponiesofLiverpool, also, Violet is usually the one secretly recording others
brilliant
PONY: G'night! :)
Not bad.
It was Nice~
um,yay?
It was good.
I think I liked it.
Very swell~ ^^
awesome!!!!
Really, good.
violet... my song?
:)
it was good
night PONY
You up for some 90s hits for your voice, Gigabit? ;)
you did good
well it was good
/me is hugged
thanks :$
Sixpence None The Richer - Kiss Me <-- For example
oh?
do it's tough to be a god
Everlong by the Foo Fighters.
Ice Ice Baby
yesh
could you try singing ''living in the sunlight, loving in the moonlight''? :D
Ice Ice Baby XD
where is the love by black eyeed peas?
what is happening?
YES
INVI
YES
hey Gigabit, can I give you a link to a song?
hello?
Invi: Yes.
Request ALL the things!
Ironic by Alanis Morrsett.
Living in the sunlight! Living in the Moonlight!
hay CrazyHippie
hi
:D
yaaay
yes
YES
whats happening?
Happy Tim. <3 RIP
http://theseaponiesofliverpool.bandcamp.com/ "Strawberry Seas Forever"
AHAHAHAHA
Awww yeah
LOL
OMG
INSIDIOUS
YES <3
SCARY
Hahaha Nice.
incredible awesome ^^
Gigabit's voice...works.. XD
reminds me of Spongebob
O_O
O.O
me too
hey CrazyHippie hows your day been
good
6_9
hey Gigabit, what about that Hawaiian version of "Over the Rainbow"
<3
11,01Tiny Tim!
...I love this guy ._.
FlareChaser /)
Over the rainbow by IZ?
Invi (\
I remember old spongebob <3
Sooo scary
INSIDIOUS
AAAHHHH
yes by IZ
The demon!
AAhhhhhhh
Insidious was ok
oh
it was creepy as fuck
BRAVO
Insidious was...meh..
yah
do the Hellfire song, from disneys hunchback of notre dam?
never saw insidous what was it about
BUT THE MUSIC
Wunderbar ^^
AAhhhhhhh
hey Gigabit, what about that Hawaiian version of "Over the Rainbow"
Nyria: Oh Henry.
next sing to Scatman
Applaus /)(\
So what movie nights did I miss?
Suddenly silence from everywhere XD
hey how do you feel about the illuminati?
Clap clap clap.
)^3^(
Thanks dude, that was awesome
What movies were shown in the past 2 or 3 weeks?
whats next?
it was good
that was great
Your voice fit Tim.
It was nice :P
That was great.
Litwick roads to eldorado was awesome
but can Hellfire?
do the Hellfire song, from disneys hunchback of notre dam?
very good 11/10
YES
ahahahahhaa
yes :D
XD
Do some Louis Armstrong
HERE IT COMES!
it was great
Hahaha
Lovely x3
:)
I wonder
Litwick and tremirs, some sand worms who eat people were funny too
Over the Rainbow by IZ
EYAYSYEYASYE
All of my yes.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT
HELL YEAH!
XD
:D
Litwick oh and a mel brooks movie
OH GOD YES.
and get real high
hey hey hey
hay
HEYAYAYEAH <3
Inb4 myah
nyah
MYAAH :P
HAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY
myah see
Myaaah
myah
MYAH!
how did you know :O
YAH
MYON
wooo
Like a Boss.
HEYYEYAAEYAAAEYAEYAA/10
Sing dubstep
>sing
sing helfire plz?
Chicka chicka wub wub wub.
>dubstep
Sing some Skrillex
Dubstep.
ahahaha
>hahahahaha
from hunchback of notre dam
i still want Ice Ice Baby
Over the Rainbow by Iz
hey um can you sing where is the love?
Ice ice baby
sing the firefly theme song
Ice ice Baby == Too whispery
What is Love? :3
best
Do you believe in magic
I'm jelly for your musicl talents :D
... yay! :D
XD
Oh this song is boss.
you know that song by black eyed peas?
Meanwhile i requested it
Like a Bawss.
Sing the walrus song
hmm what is his song
this*
:)
thnx alexxm
...
sing the song that goes WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB WUB
Has anyone found it weird that Athena never talks? ._.
WHO HERE WATCHES TWIN PEAKS?
And we had Eldorado one last night. XD
hey its a person suffering by the illuminati :O
Isn't it weird, Nyria?
149 people in the chat and most of them don't talk.
naw
Eh, that's true.
I talk :)
I'm back.
Litwick we listen to vivi's awesome voice
FlareChaser: Not really~ There's a lot of other people that don't talk~
i talk when i think of something to say
Sing DICK IN A BOX
^^^^
sing Hellfire plox
hey Everlasting_Joy what have you been up to
or Threw it on the ground
inb4 someone request Shrek XD
wat
alexxm: Just took the dogs out.
ALL STAR.
SING DICK IN A BOX
sing where is the love
what song?
By smashmouth.
...
DAGGH
Everlasting_Joy so you let the dogs out?
what about that new witchcraft song ''gypsy bard''?
no we all want you to sing Friday
Requests, Requests everywhere.
alexxm: booo. . . ;).
DICK IN A BOX
I request "WHEN YOU WISH UPON A STAR"
That one
Friday makes me cry
I got a feeeling
what Everlasting_Joy
I'm not th eonly one
Ohai RAWRity
wohoo
bonjour
/me summons a rainbow in the chat
OOOOH!
<3
Allo RAWRity.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH
hey RAWRity hows your day been
WOAAOAH
what be on the stream atm?
Waaay uuuup hiiiiigh!
ooooooooooOooOOOo
SO HIGH!
RAWRity: Gigabit is singing.
Over the rainbow. <3
ohai RAWRrity
ooooo
hello
Soooomeeeehwheeere over the rainbooooow!
Waaaay up hiiiiiigh.
hey Jylr hows your day been
HIGH
Skittles song
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIH
They have been quite well
RAAAAINBOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWW
if this is over the rainbow then my song is next :)
cool. I'm listening to gregorian monks singing Boulevard of Broken dreams
BLUEBIRDS
<3<3<3<3
TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUE!
OOOOOHHHHHH
RAWRity: How do they sound singing that?
I hope
RAWRity intreasting combiontion
TRUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
RAWRity, dude what?
MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Oh my god Iz!
FlareChaser: pretty neat.
RRRAAAAAAIIIIIIINNBOOOOOOWWWW
RAWRity, where can I hear this?
rainbowwww
I like this song.
we all love this
peaceful <3<3<3<3
GabeMoist: I'll PM it to you.
RAAAAAIIIIIIBBBOOOOOOWWWWWWW
Man this song....
sing Always by Erasure next!
cheers1
LAWL ALWAYS by Erasure. XDYEEEES
do the final countdown
!
:)
Always I wanna be with you and make believe with you and live in harmony harmony etc~ :P
y u no sing hellfire
Everyone gather round. Uncle Litwick is back with hugs.
...
/me hugs Litwick
Litwick: hug
campfire song song?
can you sing where is the love by black eyed peas?
do the final countdown
bye the way who is singing? :P
/me received a Litwick and hugs him in return :3
/me hugs Litwick
oh
Wub wub wub.
SHALA
HEAD SHALA
Man, he's a REALLY good singer ._.
Wow, what is that noise? :<
┬─┬﻿ ︵ /(.□. \） In soviet russia, Table flips you.
Autumn Derpy Hooves next?
In Soviet Russa, these jokes aren't funny anymore.
EspyLacopa in spain tables put through you
Sing The Pedo Bear song
can you sing where is the love by black eyed peas next?
SING HOT POTATO
^^^^
In everywhere Soviet Russia jokes were never funny.
or should I stop asking?
Awww
06He will try to get to your stuff sweeties <3
d'aww
In Soviet Russia jokes arnt funny
oh hai Vivi
Dem ponies.
VioletVanilla: Your friend is a hit, Vivi. :)
sing hellfire plz
Crossfire
06I can tell c:
can you sing where is the love by black eyed peas next?
crosshairs
Ponies! :D
YOU'LL GET CAUGHT UP IN THE
CROSSFIRE!
CROSSFIRE
YAH
Oooh Jazzy
hmm this song :D
Wish I could stay and listen, but I've got a sonic screwdriver to buy.
:)
sigh, no hellfire i guess, well its sleepy time for me, bye. *vanishes*
hey, try singing Ring-a-Ding-Ding. that song is <3
sonic screwdriver?
can you sing burn by the cure
A challenge would be to try and sing ''I don't want to set the world on fire''
Dem dashes
what's going on in here? o_o
oh :D
See y'all later!
alexxm Me too.
can you sing "New York, New York"
Who's singing?
I'm gonna go take a shower :P
08,01Algol: ive programmed in you
alexxm too late
O_O
:(
hmm comic con in San Diego?
not so far from here
Algol, I've seen you in the night sky
And I've watched you
its ironic cause this is the rainbow dash server
watching your every move
Tadaaa
algol, you used to be much closer to the earth millions of years ago
can you sing "New York, New York"
ring-a-ding-ding ^^
SURFING BIRD
DO SURFING BIRD
How about Fly me to the moon?
please
Do some Gregorian chants
can you do burn by the cure
I used to be a hero king, until I took a sealing in the sword
im definetly going to friday movie night
...
Oo sing the Mine Turtle song
Mister singer guy has awesome talent :3
WOAAAH
your'e welcome
Amazing man.
You're fantastic. :D
I bet friday movie night here will be as good as this!
great show
MINE TURTLE!
you're really good man
WOOOO
"Hieeelo"
OH!
^^
He's just, amazing....
Sing "I like trains!"! :D
Never mind -_-
Sing the portal song next
^^
GigaBit did a derp
:D
lol
I wish i had a portal gun
no shower Ponies47 ?
XD
SIng I wish i had a portal gun
Dat wrong song.
you are so awesome :)
hay there WallDives
Ponies47: lol
Gigabit and VioletVanilla need to do an awesome duet.
Hi
hi Invi.
Dat voice...
yah
: /
Simpson School Gardener?
Dat scottish imitation
dat accent
OH!
Nat~
L.O.V.E <3
Love is all is that I can give to yooou
Love is more then just a game for 2...
Twoooo in love can make it, take my heart and please don't break it
<3
trumpet solo?
...That's some top-tier trumpet imitation.
Hehe, trumpet
Dat Trumpet.
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/3/GaFf11v9w0eXkdaw2vuUHg2.jpg
Love is.....whistle...
RAWRity: /)
RAWRity: :D
Dats mai reaction to this singing
RAWRity: Braeburn <3
hay Phase4
RAWRity: I dunno, I Don't like Braeburn that much,,
That was great. :D
Dem 50s-40s songs
eeyup
FlareChaser: but...everyponies gay for braeburn
I'm not gay for braeburn.
I dislike Braeburn.
You say that like you have a choice.
Meanwhile: /)
FlareChaser is the exception that proves the rule =P
Algol Everyone is gay for Braeburn. No eceptions.
0,2 Violet stream :0,2D
hiya
Braeburn is best stallion :3
brb
Allo Phase4.
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/2/1lnoLd3yb0yUm7lN7W1DNQ2.gif
Algol: braeburn x spitfire
Bronysith better that Shining armor?
*than
Invi: yep
Invi: Eh...
Invi: besides...shining is taken by the most powerful princess ever
but Shining isn't married to Celestia
Dohoho
Invi: i didnt even say braeburn is best stallion. Algol said that
Sorry to say folks, but I need to take off.
drag and choose your poison: https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/1/KUvC5YTzAkaQDsnLbfNdBA2.gif
08,01gentlecolts.
Seeya Everlasting_Joy.
later Everlasting_Joy
Bronysith oh
Alright, cya Everlasting_Joy.
08,01im sorry
c ya Everlasting_Joy
08,01but big macintosh is best stallion
Suddenly POrtal
YES
Take care VioletVanilla.
YES YE SYE SYESYEYSYEYSYEYSEs
Ooh, Portal. :D
RAWRity: must...get...derpy...
08,01all your opinions otherwise are invalid
It's about time. brb -_-
/me hugs Everlasting_JOy
/me tests his newly made portal gun
/me breaks legs
l
you forgot the otherwise, FlareChaser
Still Alive :$
Ah,
08,01killerpony7733: i saw some great Macintosh x Soarin the other day
08,01Vordox: shining is a stallion
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/28/dTAuBhZ2d0C1WZauQRI_Kg2.png
08,01blueblood too
huh still ViBroth?
Oh god Blueblood
yeah
08,01and caramel
08,01and braeburn
RAWRity: So, what's with you posting links every now? ._.
...FUND IT. FUND IT SO HARD, RAWRity
RAWRity: can i get a link to that site?
Bronysith: memebase.
08,01ive seen it, yup
has anypony seen AgentKalim THIS MONTH
stream is delicious mmmmmm
08,01mmmmmmmmm
Not moist enough
next Want You Gone :$
^^^
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/internet-memes-meme-madness-brony-men.jpg
FlareChaser yo, then you are gone.
...ah.
:D
http://chzb.gr/oGMOTA
fucking hell wrong link
00,02suddenlt stereo
GigaBit: This crowd will eat you up...be careful. ;)
tiring you?
Epic.
can you do burn by the cure
all this singing :$
GigaBit i love you
pastry?
:D
http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/2012/2/1/7cab4a99-72df-4c3e-9690-2f63dd5673d9.jpg
thats cannibalism
and then everyone went *pomf*
EVERYONE
nah
No! D:
Good night ponyville (I'm not going to go to bed.)
DON'T!
You're amazing dude!
no moar!
Damnit Gigabit stop sounding sexy.
You can stop if YOU want too
NOOOOOOOOO DONT
ahahaha
no don't stop
XD
xD
Haha
x)
We dont want to tire you out
:D
PINKIE FTW
Does anyone know if you can store or keep vehicles for use later in Just Cause 2? I got a nice tank in my first mission. Dunno if I can even keep it.
i dont know sorry
Anyone else has a blackscreen?
yup
we all do
CapTaIn_MasterBoss43: Working as intended.
pure audio today
can you sing ring-a-ding-ding? dat song is awesome ^^
Meanwhile in china, yiang cho chu.
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-can-we-just-sit-down-and-talk-about-this.jpg
Vivi: I think he's breaking down. P
so much WUB <3
:P
oh no!
can you do burn by the cure
DONT BREAK DOWN
Ah well. Thanks anyways.
be right back~
PORTAL 2!!!
:D
sing Do You Believe in magic
I want a real one.
ก็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็ ก็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็ ก็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็ ก็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็ ก็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็ ก็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็ ก็็็็็็็็็็็
:D
>singing Do You Believe in Magic
DAT SPAM.
Wait...
SUCH A GOOD SOOOONNGG
somebody cue Shizuka
Stand by me!
Back :3
STAND BY ME!
It's magic, you know.
Daaaarling daaarling STAAaand by me
FlareChaser that was quick
what about the pony version of it
Woot?
d'aww
"Do you beleive in Friendship"
Mrs. Cake is a genius: https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/29/pF4wnP5M2kik3VGHZe8seg2.jpg
yes my request :$
ahahahaha
6_9
alexxm: Eh, some kills are swift, that's what I say.
Do ; Still Alive, after this one.
he already did
yeah FlareChaser
Can you do Still Alive after?
He did Still Alive already
CapTaIn_MasterBoss43: he did a couple minutes ago..
CapTaIn_MasterBoss43 he just did still alive
can you do burn by the cure
FlareChaser and Invi that was Want you gone.
00,02http://derpy.me/D3Lvw
CapTaIn_MasterBoss43 before that
CapTaIn_MasterBoss43: he did both
CapTaIn_MasterBoss43: He did it before that.
No, he did it before want you gone..
STOP MESSAGING ME I GET IT. >.<
Phase4: I liked that pic.
Phase4: Rofl! :D
Phase4: :D
Then can you do Tiny Tim ; Living in the sunlight?
yummy muffin
00,02Meanwhile, liked as in the verb or past tense :P
DAT RANGE
CapTaIn_MasterBoss43 he did that already too
Phase4: yes.
00,02XD
RaveBrony: *waits for his points for today*
Invi I don't believe you.
:3
CapTaIn_MasterBoss43 ah no, that was another tiny tim song. sorry
FlareChaser: Pshh, itll be done today! :D
Good 4 u thn.
Layla <3
Don't go breaking my heart?\
Dang :P
Yes @_@
YE
HAPPY TIM!
Tiny Tim :|
Yes you did mah request! :D
Tiny Tim/Happy Tim, he loved life anyway :D
http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc7/s480x480/409722_10151266609373289_842981317_n.jpg
ha HAH!
Vordox did he die?
00,02i'm impressed
alexxm: Long time ago
RAWRity: I lol'd :D
00,02RAWRity, Trololo
RAWRity: thats is good. but i think you posted that before lol
oh Vordox i didn't know that what killed him?
RAWRity: That joke isn't overused at all.
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-what-bronies-really-see.jpg
Finaly!
A computer!
Bronysith: So true
who is streaming?
Mickey Mouse impression right there.
Thank you!
... hi?
BACK! :)
Hi CCCP :)
CCCP hiya
hi Ponies47
oh Vordox sad to hear
How's your voice Gigabit...?
..Robot?
00,02Vordox, ?
hi CCCP
hi killerpony7733
Robot voice.
XD
hey Ponies47 and CCCP
Phase4: Alex asked how he died.
For those who are interested episode 555 of One Piece is available to view.
00,02ah
http://chzbronies.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-this-wedding-just-got-cooler.jpg they stole my idea
hallo derpy_pony and alexxm
enjoy ur shower Ponies47 :3
CCCP: VioletVanilla 's brother is streaming
x)
alexxm: Hi :3
Ponies47 and he name is?...
Bronysith: >implying it was your idea.
08,01laaaalalalala
Wth, i've had enjoyed but wth.
I think Captain just had a fangasm XD
08,01lolicansing
i have enjoyed
http://images.4chan.org/b/src/1341786323675.gif
FlareChaser: implying... spiderman.mp4
back
DarkWing of the INIIIVHT!
can someone play something.
Dang
CCCP: I forgot!
DARKWING DUCK *BAM*
Ponies47 wat?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgyoSorU5sA&list=PLD457619CD15C6B21 Can you do this one too?
Darkwing Duck. :D
Darkwing Duck~ Hells yeah.
Let's get DANGEROUS
darkwing duck
lets get dangerous
darkwing duck :D
YOU ARE A PIRATE
CCCP: The name of VioletVanilla 's brother :s
Can you do this one? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgyoSorU5sA&list=PLD457619CD15C6B21
http://chzgifs.files.wordpress.com/2011/08/huge-dog-vs-tiny-dog.gif
yup
:D!
thats from lazytown the you are a pirate
