GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: are you new here?
Yes
panda: Geez, you have 5 hooves?:D
wtf? is that a mod?
Can a small robot take down the hordes of hell? Bring on WALL-E
for demons these guys go down preaty easily
LoyalDash: XD maybe ;)
panda: o_o...that is weird.
LoyalDash: im kidding
Doom 3 is probably the easiest in the series
My brother hates my little pony friendship is magic
panda: Oh, okay, derp.:D
kill him
this is for the streamer, http://www.mediafire.com/?7nmlh2jfow7v9m3
Love and tolerate the s**t out of him.
My brother is stupid
and then kill him
Nice idea
alexxm: no... dont kill... tolerate :D
your brother needs the hate tolerated out of him
hi everypony. :)
hi TheRareP0N3
bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored bored
eeww
...lowtf?
geez that's just creepy...
dat facial expression
chat derped back soon
FLOATING HEAD! RUN!
What the...
I have a plan why not make a shootout in his room?
nice head. o-o
wait...
hI RapeP0N3
hate those things
Wait, I could've sworn you already got to this part...
invisible Predators
fitting music?
xD
How was that woman even alive with that thing in her head?
brb you guys
Okay panda.:3
have to restart the computer
Hi RapeP0N3
...
oops
STOP STEALING MY NAMES
that sounded like classic Transformers music
start shooting
who pinged me
Alister: Hellooo~
TheHoodyNinja: Hello , that is one unsual long Hello
Hey there, TheHoodyNinja. :)
Alister: why be normal, its too expected
ohai :3
need moar gun
What is this normal you speak of.
Stop shooting
is this Shizuka?
hey ekips hows your day been
Hello ekips. :)
13nope
WindWhistler: This is Wrek
WindWhistler: This is Wreky.
:I
Oooh.
Let's hypnotise him
good, so far alexxm :)
MFW giant flaming flying skulls http://suptg.thisisnotatrueending.com/archive/18648326/images/1334076852272.png
00,10Far tooo many safty railings for a doom game
Jim: I don't know who is more creepier in that picture.:D
08,01ha! proof that i'm more white than brown! I have genetically determined caucasian earwax!
So is Wrek farther than Shizuka?
ah Wrek is playing Doom
Bro,you are going to do what alexxm says
Sumica: we must construct additional railings
08,01Wrek is Shizuka's father.
:O
13WindWhistler: i was past hell yesterday
WAT A TWEEST
Tell him if he's ready to be a brony
what did i say GreeHetBronyInDuitsl
Shizuka: Is that where Wrek is right now?
13..no
Nothing
08,01Shizuka will restore balance to the force
... I swear this chat changes topic every time I look away. :D
Sorry, I know nothing about this game...
But she was the one who unbalanced it...
I just wanted to know who was farther...
alexxm Tell him to go to equestria
GilDash: Every minute, it is something different. That is the beauty of mane chat.:D
WindWhistler: shame on you
As a punishment
Geez, excuuuse me princess. >_>
/me grumbles off somewhere
laughs maniacally about pudding
/me forgot to /me
so ghost rider can kill you with just his head
Woot, Shizuka playing?
/me has a severe case of boredom
13nope
Vordox: Wrek
LOST SOULS, WHAT HAVE THEY DONE TO YOU?
Oh that explains the...err.."playstyle"...
13maybe i'll have to stream it today and finish so people aren't confused
MadSurge: they were renamed "Forgotten ones"
is it me or am i just getting bored of doom 3.
why is everyone streaming doom 3 today
All I wanted to know was who was farther along in the game...
Who thought it was smart to but a light display on the gun that only reveals your possision in the dark?
Now let's kick my bro out
TheHoodyNinja: they look bad with an actual face and not just flaming skulls :D
MadSurge: a bit scarier, if you ask me
He refused beeing a brony and told us we are ***
Whatever you say Mr. President.
ressurection of evil?
Asian guy still alive
he use kung fu
Everything is Kung Fu.
alexxm You tell my bro to get out
Show me...
why me
Kung fu is kick ass. Litteraly
in Soviet Russia, kung fu use you!
Ask him how a woman can be gay.
I love Shizuka's gleefully sociopathic playstyle :D
08,01whaaaat?
*snort*
13i just hug demons~
08,01women can't be gay!
YES
FUCK YES!
:D
08,01that's not how it works!
with fire and bullets
so boringgggggggg
ACS13123: CALM DOWN EVERYTHING WILL BE OKAY!
/me falls alseep
/me is dying of boredom
08,01GilDash: i know that women can't be gay
TheHoodyNinja: i'm not scared, i just love this song <3<3<3
XD
:d
08,01it's impossiburu!
TheHoodyNinja: Doom never was about being scary! And this is just jumpscares
TheHoodyNinja You tell my bro to get out of here
Right, women can only be lesbian
Alister: this isnt boring, Im watching somebody play a game ive beaten 4 times on easy mode
I dont remember this level in doom
08,01MadSurge: lies
08,01i know plenty of male lesbians
0_0
13executive transvestites?
08,01Shizuka: indeed
08,01action transvestites
My bro is out of here!
So there, GreeHetBronyInDuitsl He says we're gay, but what about the women among us?
TheHoodyNinja: you're funny
SUPRISE BUTTSECKS BUTTSECKS BU BU BU BUBU BUTTSECKS! BUTTSECKS BUTTSECKS...
Buttsecks
Alister: funny how?
They'll slap him
lol... I need the name of this song
08,01ACS13123: jesus, calm down
ACS13123 if you want it
Secksbutt
Action transvestites? Are those like those action figures, but transvestites?
TheHoodyNinja: I'm done with you
/me slaps GreeHetBronyInDuitsl's ignorant brother
Surprise buttsex? NNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
alexxm: O.o
Thanks windwhistler
ACS13123: is called AssRape, dear
Your brother is an idiot. Tell him to get out.
Its surprise, not rape
Sometimes I feel like I just wanna forget about girls and be gay
08,01ACS13123: you will be
00,10oh wow, civ 5 is in the steam workshop now?
GET OUT BRO!
what ACS13123 if
Wrek play this sometime http://www.mediafire.com/?7nmlh2jfow7v9m3
IM BACK!
inb4 Wrek dies :D
Sometiems I feel like I just wanna forget about guys and be single.
wb panda
Sumica: interested? :)
Let's punish him
Hey panda!
MadSurge: :D
WindWhistler punish my ignorant bro
Sometimes, I feel like it'd be easier being gay
No thanks.
I dont have the newest DLC for civ5 yet
Vikings and such?
00,10kinda, cause that might meen we get to see a new fall from heven
GreeHetBronyInDuitsl fart in his mouth
DeadpoolDash: Who plays civ 5 anyway , get civ 4
depends on where you live Alister
Ok
I play Civ5
In my religion, the practice homosexuality is an abomination.
-fart's in my bro's mouth-
o_0
HAX
Done
civ 4 is better
/me force farts in GreeHetBronyInDuitsl s face
fail
He is now 1 of our brony's
...
GTFO
they are basically adding moar features into to Civ4 into Civ5 right now
/me is ignored.
from
/me hugs WindWhistler
/me cries a river
/me drowns herself in the river
/me hugs WindWhistler.
we wub you WindWhistler
you'll be alrigth.
dat river
WindWhistler: I have a gay cousin i would appreciate it if your religion would stfu
alright^
TheHoodyNinja: What about freedom of speech
08,01WindWhistler: what religion?
Wrek, mind I give you a soundtrack that DOESN'T Ruint the game? :P
TheHoodyNinja: agreed.
TheHoodyNinja: It said nothing about the people who ARE gay/lesbian being abominations...there's a difference
Alister: I thought you said you were done with me?
Too much Non-brony
incoming Wraith
TheHoodyNinja: about Doom 3 I was
ooooooohoho drama in the main chat? no wai :3
fitting music
13is shizu gonna have to smack a colt?
08,01WindWhistler: it's just as bad though
And what's that supposed to be?
Hell yeah you are
Woot, why Shiz?
OMG Shizu <3
Shizuka: I'd enjoy that
OMG Lady <3
but abominations are so much fun
WindWhistler: ok gonna end this now before i start yelling at random people
Omg Shizu!
WindWhistler: Irrelevant. :)
OMG Canary!
Thank god D
05your turn Shizuka
woop
05you wanted to beat the guardian yes?
OMG everywhere
Shizuka: So smack me already !
13i passed hell yesterday :/
And beer
13just before signing off
05fine ill watch you kill seogath in CPU
13dat brave wrek coming to type while the oxygen runs out!
Shizuka: smack me before signing off
08,01Shizuka: i know the feeling. that's the last time i eat 7 bhadgis for breakfast
now where is your minister so i can kiss his feet?
Ignore my bro,he's stupid
Omg, were those ball things Cacodemons?
hey everybrony
GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: who is your bro?
hi Azureflames66
what is playing?
A 16-year old with low life
13as laggy as source tends to be with streaming
13doom 3 does great
Then get him a medkit
He didn
doom 3?
08,01WindWhistler: oh, it sounded like you were complaining that your religion was backwards
hey Azureflames66 hows your day been
heh, just read that Andrew WK endorses our community. good for him. and for us :)
/me never go smacked in the end
its great alexxm
I want to fight that thing
00,10helps alot having the viewfinder locked to video Shizuka
to bad you cant
13actually i haven't been able to do that
13goes grey, dunno why scrcap doesn't get the rendering hook
And I'm still bored.
wow lots more people than I thought watching this
WindWhistler: by talking about your religions view on homosexuality?
Cool story
13it's probably more cause doom 3 senses the 30fps cap from scrcap and frees up a lot of CPU to handle things
00,10I thought you had been snaping it to window cause y ou have the title bar and such
dem legs
TheHoodyNinja: Sure, why not.
13i do initially
This is a message for my 16-year old Bro: BE A BRONY YOU IGNORANT IDIOT!
13but have to turn off window tracking cause it gets the grey setup instead
was that corpse going to attack you
/me glomps alexxm outta of sheer boredom
GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: Why don't you just go over and smack him across the face?
SPIDERS
AH I HATE SPIDERS
GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: Expecting people to like the show is kind of ignorant..
hey Shizuka, you awake now?
/me glomps Bronysith back
13define "awake"
People should have their own opinions
not sleeping.
08,01WindWhistler and GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: enough, both of you
Did you guys send EQD an email about the bronyfunds? Seeing how it barely gets donation maybe it could use a little advertisement...
08,01if you want to argue, do it somewhere else
08,01this is a happy place, for happy people
13also luna is best heavy weapons filly http://fav.me/d52wde2
shotgun is best shot
...........................................
Happy happy, yoy yoy
MY LIFE SUCKS, I HATE MYSELF, I'm not a BRONY!
happy happy joy joy
/me is happy with his ordered Galacon tickets
/me cries heavily
hai MahBoi777
hey Jim
/me comforts Vordox
/me sits on Vordox
Look,vordox is my 16-year old
bro*
Vordox if you join you'll feel a lot happier :)
/me cartwheels around the room happily.
If I join, I'll break my principle
/me does something awesome.
why not Vordox?
and what is that?
13wrek should talk more so nopony thinks it's me :3
..........is that noclip?
HAX!!!!!!
no clip is fun :)
NOCLIP
GilDash: feeling better?
Wat kind of evil magic is that?
True,but i love the show and won't do what my bro says
HAX
00,10Bleh wish I had the steam version of Sins. I realy dont like Impulse.
My Principle is that I shall always be the side of an community, never an center.
In space, nobody can hear you HAX
ded
DED :D
console commands FTW
Wat.:D
The live stream on the left is my bro failing
*walks down a semi steep cliff*
*dies*
MahBoi777: Much better. Not quite 100%, but not confined to bed either. :)
XD
08,01anyhoos, time to mow the fucking grass.
08,01it is not normal grass
13http://steamcommunity.com/id/kamishizuka/screenshot/560944541648335651 not sure how to caption this screenshot...
oh, he committed suicide
Vordox: then just stand on the side
Your french!
GilDash: well that's good
/me 08,01does not like gardening
Lol my bro commited suicide
08,01Vordox: i can assure you, i'm scottish
._.
08,01GilDash: pleeenty light
That was a hint towards your very aggrezsive curseword...
Shizuka: Secret butt fun, necro edition?
Shizuka: Any way, thats how i lost my medical license
DooM3 sucked ass
No
I'm not sure what to do right now : /
08,01Vordox: it conveys how much i hate gardening
inb4 |Discord| is slaughtered
05doom 3 has better gameplay than any modern fps
Vordox:UMADBRO?
13jaja~
08,01GilDash: it's very sunny here right now
05now shizu
Sup guys!
05up on stage girl
Wrek too true, too true
Nah GreeHetBronyInDuitsl I'm just putting you on ignore
13oh oki~
05show Seogath what ya got!
08,01Vordox: 'bucking' does not convey what i wanted to onvey
13have to set up laptop first ><
Shizu streaming?
00,10good luck Shizuka
@[
:p
/me has never played Doom:$
pretty sure Doom3 is modern
08,01my utter disgust and loathing at the prospect of mowing the lawn
ok imma go play my own game now, later guys!
me neither MahBoi777
08,01Vordox: neither does that
/me glomps Sumica into the crater beneath them
WHATS UP!!!
hi
08,01GilDash: that's what the coalition wants you to think
/me cries
hey Bacon[Hazard]! how have you been?
hey CCCP!
I wonder what would happen if a horse came to PonyVille.
hi MahBoi777 :3
CCCP
08,01Vordox: yes please
hi Azureflames66
bah gtg...
Bacon[Hazard]: Up is the opposite of down
what's sup buddy?
08,01if it means i don't have to do it
bye Bacon[Hazard]
CCCP: you're back ! :3
MAH BOI!
Dunno, I loved Battlefield 2, and kinda liked Battlefield 3(demo), but I couldnt get BF3 yet... and I dont know if I will.
MahBoi777: you should if you like killing lots of different enemies in FPSes that require a bit more planning than "hide behind wall, heal" :D
/me attacks MahBoi777 with hus
BATTLEFIELD
13!pokemon
/me glomps Ninjazz
yup kenne :)
08,01Vordox: oh, you're thinking of a tactical nuke
Alchemist: dont. its terrible
hugs*
13:<
hey Ninjazz!:)
08,01the Orbital Friendship Canon spreads love
13!pokemon
08,01and tolerence
13k
08,01and cuts grass
13!touhou
13!touhou
Battlefield 3 is amazing
13k
:)
MadSurge: Lol sounds cool
13!eonget
13k
13|D
do it alchemist
Shizuka: Mind I get an epic sound track for your final fight? :)
Azureflames66: silly man. thats not how you spell terrible
08,01GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: i know
How is it terrible?
Battlefield 1942 and Desert Combat Mod are still best multiplayer experience i have ever had
08,01you keep saying, GreeHetBronyInDuitsl
Ninjazz: how are you doin?
/me jus realized she forget to take her medicine this morning.
MahBoi777: Serious Sam is just like that and it's lots of fun too
/me already belongs to Espeon and Aurora, you thief D:
Bronysith: now you're just faliming
/me already belongs to Espeon and Aurora, you thief D:
/me already belongs to Espeon and Aurora, you thief D:
Bronysith: I liked the demo, the thing that kept me back so far are the DLCs and the constant patching.
05oh well time to mod
Well crap. No wonder I've been so unfocused...
05havent done that for a while
08,01ACS13123: i suspect so
MahBoi777: dude.
MadSurge: I've played Serious sam lol I love that game
13What's it like to live in a microwave? :3
ohai Starflash!
/me runs
MahBoi777: ping.
...
Bronysith explain how it's terrible
Alchemist: and the ultimate shortcut pack. pay 10$ and you unluck everything in multiplayer. thats why it is terrible
Shizuka: Mind I? =3
14o.o
warm actually :3
wrek always mods me
/me hugs Starflash
so yeah, good evening everypony :3
Azureflames66: it caters towards noobs
MahBoi777: Doom is the spiritual father of Serious Sam :D
/me runs the opposite way
Bronysith.....
Shizuka: http://i.imgur.com/x8xAy.jpg
so has anyone seen the new nostagila critic
Good evening Starflash!
05i have yet to play agame that plays liek the first dooms and marathon games
hai Starflash
call of duty caters to noobs Bronysith....
MadSurge:Doom is my bro's girlfriend
05and duke 3D
Ninjazz, sorry. :$ Late responce is late. Doing pretty good, atm. I'm playing a game so whatever Shizuka is doing is beyond me. :D
Bronysith: noone makes you buy it. in fact i alsop know noone who did
05serious sam was very close in that regard
05but meh
13dat caption X3
hey Starflash hows your day been
13saving that~ X3
Azureflames66: at least there is no ultimate shortcut in COD i dont play COD i only play TF2
Wrek played blood?
I don't get the caption.
pretty good, alexxm :3
But for some reason I laughed.
Ninjazz: ??
Bronysith: I dont mind if other players get all unlocks for money, because from what I've learned from BF2 is that most times its not the gun that decides battles but the player who wields it.
Shizuka: Mind I give you an epic song for your final battle? =3
Could someone explain what exactly that caption is supposed to mean?
oh wait...
MahBoi777, that was for you. TAB FAIL OF THE GREATEST KIND EVER. :D
13whatever your mind wants it to mean
Alchemist wise words....
13also i'm using the game music
Ninjazz: OH okay, Lol xD
05yeah i played almost all 3d realm games killerpony7733
Awwww, no Metroid this time then. :(
13it's more spooky that way... makes shizu hugging demons funnier!
Shizuka: Oh, in that case I'm sure it's something dirty.
Wrek ah ok :)
WindWhistler: There was this case in Miami where someone got high on bath salts and ate this guy's face
MAH BOI!!!
Ninjazz: One does not simply tabfail himself. :D
You want SPOOKY music.eh...brb, Checking memory
Bronysith: seriously? the only reason you hate a game is an optinal dlc?
Shizuka: agreed!
Alchemist: i dont like to play games where it is populated by mostly little kids whos parents bought them an M rated game
Alchemist: so i dont
|Discord|!
/me giggles
Dark_Horst: and its made by EA
13twister OST is good~
GilDash, but I just did. XD *facehoof*
Bronysith whenever i play bf3, i dont hear many little kids
12!pokemon
Soital, you are a 10Kangaskhan.
hi chimew
12!eonget
4Soital just got a female 7Flareon
!pokemon
12=w=~
they're mostly on cod
:D
Azureflames66: Alchemist can u just accept the fact that somepony just doesnt like those games?
also second night on a row for steelix and me!
joined one game in mw3
hi LadyCanary, how are you?
13mooooooo
Bronysith: doesnt change that bf3 is pretty much the best mp shooter that came out in a long time. hate the soprortion, nort the game. oh, and if you dare compare bf3 to cod again, i will eat your liver
anyone have vyvanse or D-Amphaetamine?
it was like i was in 1st grade
if you expect maturity while playing CoD
your gonna have a bad time
So I wrote to Tabitha http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1339700073918.png
Hey there, LadyCanary. :)
Bronysith: well then you would hate ANY game. You can always try to ignore them if they are annoying you. Or try Project Reality if its still going, it has a more mature playerbase.
Hiya MahBoi777. Doin fine.
Bronysith: *corporation
Dark_Horst: COD and BF3 SUCK COMPARED TO THE AWESOMENESS THAT IS TF2
that's good
12STEEEELIX
14:|
Bronysith well tf2 is pretty damn fun, ill admit...
12VIIIRRIII
14so shift + click is parting, mmm
05killerpony7733: but i think shadow warrior and duke nukem were my favorite 3d realms games
14SOITAL
Hi
S3 NEEDS TO BE HERE NOOOOOOOOOOW!
12CHIMEEEEERAAA
Bronysith: now i pity you
Azureflames66: not to mention funNY
Azureflames66: best online shooter for me. cause it is balanced
Wrek, shadow warrior was awesome.
14how are you? :3
Bronysith: if you dont like it, you dont like it, different people, different tastes, though I think its a shame that you'd be discouraged from a good game because of its playerbase.
Dark_Horst: how is that? i have a different opinion so you pity me?
13shizu time~<3
12I'm good, you? :3
he back?7
08,01CrimsonPhoenix: because that totally isn't going to creep her out.
yay
Love this soundtrack
13no you're not
12YES I AM
12HUSH
13you owe me a latte
Wrek sadly any game after doom 1 was really underrated
13>:/
14x3
12I told you
12gtfout
12and buy one
13NEVER
12from the Latté store
05Ninjazz: specially chop sticking flier or killer rabbits
yaaaaay Shizu time <3
i need to find some music
Bronysith: so you say that tf is the best shooter cuz it's balanced? let me gueyy, next thing you wll try and tell me that BF3 is not baöanced
13YOU OWE ME YOU FISH
05go Shizuka! go!
13something i've noticed...
12NOPE BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT A HUNGRY FISH
http://i.imgur.com/CIr19.png
12>:/
CrimsonPhoenix: When I clicked on the link, all I got was a giant 4chan
13don't make me get on this table >:/
13stamina bar is still in hell mode
dat shizu stream
Bronysith: maybe you should try it out first, if that's your reasoning
12DON'T GO ON THAT TABLE
Dark_Horst: in TF2, if you use a different weapon besides the default weapons, you get a bonus AND a penalty
05hah
well shit, you got leached
FOUND a scary song!
13I'LL DO IT I SWEAR
Abuse that shit Shizuka
hold on
12DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT IT
Dark_Horst: in BF3 and COD you get benefits with no price
13DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO
whoa
Bronysith: wrong
12DAMN RIGHT I WILL
05SOUL CUBE <3!
http://i.imgur.com/ksPOb.png
Where'd that soul cube come from? :S
what the hell was that cube?
13GTFO
08,01GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: what? ik heb geen idee waar je het over
o.o
12NO U
ok
05cherubs
05ftw
12=(
Alchemist: apparently a soul cube lol
05nasty buggers
12LOOK WHAT YOU DID
13NOT YOU
Bronysith: every weapons in bf3 have advantages and disadvantages for different situations and uses
xD
GilDash Shizuka has already been to hell and defeated the hell guardian
12I HAD TO REVIVE
/me runsrunsruns
12DON'T MAKE ME USE THESE REVIVES UP
killerpony7733: Should have realised it was Shizuka streaming now. :D
Demon babby
poor rainbow dash https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/12/mFKIRlyEVUCY929gEI_ZsQ2.png
Nyan
Bronysith: there is no best weapon in bf3. your success with one depends sollely on your ability to utilize it
correctly
CrimsonPhoenix: inb4 she complains about bronies
08,01my dutch is terrible, but by god i love using it, because it looks so funny when typed
13someone fetch this code for me?
08,01anyhoos, grass
05ok Shizuka
051 sec
Shizuka on it
well that exam wasn't as bad as I thought it would be
SHIZUKA
13i forget which PDA has it
TRY 1111
There's a Heavy in that stoage locker?
hi all
WindWhistler, you mean like this? http://www.tabithastgermain.com/1/post/2012/05/pudding-lost-at-sea.html
05is it processign 1 or 2?
up up down down, left right left right, b, a, select, start
that's it
131
howdy Howdyx
13it's the first cabinet, 452
*team fortress 2 reference*
brb every pony
571
try that
Bronysith: it appears you are forgetting that tf2 gameplay isnt even slightly similar to bf3
/me fetches a code for Shizuka
Azureflames66: I c wat u did thar lol
http://members.iinet.net.au/~tmorrow/doom3/codes.html
all codes
Shizuka 571
13How'd it go? :P
101001010110101012
404, code not found
Dark_Horst: ALSO very important. IN TF2 THERE IS NO STUPID IRON SIGHT AIMING
Bronysith: but calling bf3 unbalanced is just ignorant. i know what i'm talking about, i have tf2 AND bf3
05yeah
Shizuka there you go :)
I love that little jump Shizuka just did. :D
Bronysith: so... you call actual aiming stupid?
/me giggles
Dark_Horst: I LOVE TF2 because it sacrifices realism for actual fun
they got red all over that place
Dark_Horst: Doom 1 or 2 never HAD issues with not being aimable :P
awwwwww
I likely passed the exam
it's taco sauce
Dark_Horst you know what i love about bf3? The realism of sniping, having to account for windspeed and trajectory ^_^
13Good to hear~
not sure about the class itself though :/
Dark_Horst: i play a game to escape reality
next exam in 20 mins
CrimsonPhoenix: So, she has no problem with these letters? This is all in good fun?
Jim: Huzzah! :P
today is "hell day"
05compared to doom 1 & 2 arch viles, doom 3 arch viles are pathetic
THANK YOU Bronysith
then a third exam after that
Yeah totally
Dark_Horst well maybe not wind speed but you know what i mean.
LadyCanary: Maybe my bro had a can of real blood there
Vordox: RIGHT HERE BUDDY /)
Bronysith: no reason to call a game bead because it doesnt go into cartoon optics
13this room needs more railings
Dark_Horst: ALSO
^
Wow, I understand if someone is not liking a game for certain reasons, but not liking an FPS because of iron sights is something I've never heard before.
/me does a hoofstanding Brohoof with Bronysith /)*(\
WindWhistler, http://i.imgur.com/tA6Ia.png
Shizuka: yeah theres not enough
floating panels ftw
Wrek: and that's horrible. Younger crouds should definitely know what a terror they were.
Bronysith: also what?
As for CoD, I say "Last stand" <-- reason why I hate that series
Dark_Horst: EXTREMELY IMPORTANT TF2 is made by VALVE which is headed by a brony. is EA headed by a brony? NO so Valve and TF2 IS AUTOMATICALLY 20% cooler
god dang it
spiderses
CrimsonPhoenix: So that's a yes?
Dark_Horst: your arugument is now invalid
14?
spidereseseseses
I did say Yeah totally
today is "hell day"
Jim: o god
then a third exam after that
lol
trites or ticks?
and my connection droppe
d
Jim: EXTERMINATE!
05MadSurge: in 3, they are more like "lol flametrower in 1 directioN" rather than "OH MOTHERBUCKIGN GAWD IM BURNING!"
My bro explodes in 10 seconds flat
is that.. fear?
and hi
Bronysith: EXFOLIATE
13why is there a folder called "asian" in my E drive
owned
12LOL
LOL
also guys
You know what I hate? When people say "tricks or treats" instead of "trick or treats"
inb4 full of porn
I mean
hi
Bronysith: now you make yourself look like an idiot. just a heads up
PS3 oor Xbox360 for lollipop chainsaw?
13I don't even know LOL
For some reason it just ANNOYS me
05WindWhistler: you times it by two!
Wrek: You know what game would be fun to see....? Fear 1/2 ....
oh that reminds me
13malwarebytes is scanning that drive right now, so yeah xD
I downloaded Angel Beats
WindWhistler, what does?
is it quake?
05Vordox: streamed some of it, crashed too often :|
will watch on my flight to California hopefully
and
CrimsonPhoenix: When people say "tricks or treats" instead of "trick or treat"
Wrek: DARNIT
also downloaded Madoka DVDs
such minor detail
Dark_Horst: how is that? what does an idiot look like? also Valve is a corporation that does games right, making TF2 and L4D2 some really solid games
will watch those once my laptop dies on said flight :P
lol, there is no privacy on steam while there is a stream
13awesome stuff :P
Dark_Horst: and they do not focus on releasing the same exact game every single year
Greek_Bronyxia: Doom 3
CrimsonPhoenix: Not when you're saying it. The "s" is lingering...and for some reason it really annoys me.
5-6 hours each way should be good X
d
Bronysith: http://data.whicdn.com/images/19763517/il_570xN.293940404_large.jpg
Bronysith: Solid Game? L4D1 is far superior, and don't get me started on Tf2
I just saw a game by one of the lets players I follow, and I couldnt understand it.
evil babehs
I there chat how has thou been?
Randomnerd: ooh i see
inb4 my sister is the one sitting next to me and wants to watch
Bronysith: how exactly is bf3 the same exact game as any of the other bfs?
Vordox: tf2 is amazing
I see
whoaaaaa
Bronysith: TF2 is medoicre, at best
Its called SCP-087 and its just going down a dark flight of stairs with random shadows jumping at you.
and guys, PS3 or xbox 360 for lollipop chainsaw?
05i liked how quake 4 was all like "squad AI combat" "but you will be on your own 90% of the time"
Bronysith: i'm starting to suspect you have no idea what you're talking about
Dark_Horst: i like cupcakes
...dafuq
Wrek: How does that work?
Dark_Horst: ALL HEIL THE GLORIOUS EMPIRE OF BRITANNIA
I'm reading this magazine
lollipop chainsaw Lol
Dark_Horst: he has an idea of what he is talking about, but his perspective may be narrow.
"an app for intimacy - without the intimacy"
13;D
Wrek: :| really shitty archviles then. And do they at least spawn enemies?
how does that even make sense
05MadSurge: nope
05no corpses
Wrek: To be fair, it's probably better that way. Who likes relying on AI? :S
Vordox: i doubt that. i really do
Why is Shizu regaining HP?
05no resurrecting
:'( My bro trapped me in a fridge!
MahBoi777 are you playing Lollipop chainsaw?
also I'm such a nice person
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/326/527/a83.jpg
Wrek: I AM SO MAD RIGHT NOW :|
LL texted me that she's getting tacos
MahBoi777, it has Twilight decapitating zombies in cheerleader outfit
05GilDash: fun part is the few times you get to play with the ai squads, they do it reallyt welL!
what more do you want?
I replied "enjoy the hell that comes later :P"
INC MOLESTIA
If I remember correctly the Doom 3 engine was so badly optimized that there were no PCs that could run it properly.
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5irrcN8Ff1r3xauuo1_r2_1280.png
13LOL I've never tried tacos
Lil_B: no, it's just a friend of mine showed me a video of it and I thought it was funny lol
well
13I want to though
Taco Bell is like
CrimsonPhoenix Every time I hear Dialoge by the Girl i see Twilight saying it XD
Thats why is mostly dark, narrow corridors and no/few open spaces in the game.
I call them Taco Hell for a reason :P
also brb
lol
Wrek: id has always been a good company. With that said, I have a horrible feeling. Who is there publisher at the minute?
LAWL SLAP
Bronysith: OH MAi
H-He i-is p-part of m-molestia
chainsaw sucks in this game
doing that is easier than nick changing/identifying LOL
05probably bethesda, i have no idea
Lil_B: thats awesome /)
05but quake 4 was mostly a raven production
Ain't no party like a chainsaw party
...LOL
"how to find Nemo in the dark"
anybrony waiting for Dead Space 3?
chop chop
this magazine makes me LOL
why was there a chainsaw on mars in the firstplace
Y-yes
Shizuka: that chainsaw
Yes*
Shizuka: HOLY MARMALADE OF SWEET SUGARY GOODNESS they should make a gun that shoots chainsaws! somepony get on that already!
05Azureflames66: maybe
11.•10«11WB10 (Aurora10) 11WB10»11•. 10- MY MILKSHAKES BRING ALL THE B-
02*WB03(Aurora03)02WB* - <Aurora> 06I acknowledge I have issues, I am ok with it
ID was only the publisher then? I thought Id was a dev team.
Wrek: Dunno why, but I suddenly thought it might've been EA. My faith has been restored. :)
Bronysith (\ one line in the end of the Intro "She makes me and my Sisters proud to have a Vagina" is perticualy funny
at least there's co-op Wrek
Alchemist: They are.
my mums always whinging about something
A chainsaw gun? That might be crazy enough to potato
Lil_B: o god my sides hurt
05i dont want co-op in my dead space
05nor my mass effect
Jim: sounds like Gears of War
well i do >:(
Bronysith: http://scottthong.files.wordpress.com/2009/01/rpchainsaw1.jpg
Lancer
Wrek: what about pie?
05i want coop in my squad based syndicate
05FUCK YOU EA
Wrek: /)
But they need a gun that shoots semi automatic chainsaws
-gets thawed- I am thawed
13q4 was good~
GilDash: but Im confused. If Raven was the developer of Doom 3 and Id is also a dev team then who was the publisher? Or Id is both?
Dark_Horst would the chainsaw be on
Jim: what about a gun that shoots another gun that shoots semi automatic chainsaw bullets?
05Shizuka: yes~
And every time i see a chainsaw i keep remembering lollipop chainsaw >.<
like a crossbow that shoots flaming chainsaws lol
Bronysith: We need to go deeper
alexxm: one would supsect so
Wrek: I loved the original Syndicate. :)
Which I WAAAAAAAAANT Azureflames66
"and the EA happened!"... 5 min later "and then EA happend... AGAIN!" quote from thespoonyone
Bronysith:How about Let's get this gun and kill my bro
13fast regen health
Alchemist: id was DOOM 3. Raven was Quake 4 (apparently). I don't really know Raven all that well.
Because being mortal is too mainstream
13usually i'm godmode so this is an improvement
05ok activision published quake 4
05raved developed it
Isn't that cheating...?
05ID held the rights
Jim: okay how about a gatling gun that shoots guns that shoots chainsaw bullets?
I think it is
From making stupid noobook antic's
Now you're talking!
....What the hell...
whoa
gunceeption Bronysmith
secretly enable godmode... let people think is pro for not dieing once
Make the bullets shoot other bullets too
Isn't that cheating with regen health, Shizuka ?
more bullet per bullet
05Vordox: so?
Wrek: Confusing enough? :D
05let her play the way she wants
AND fire the entire bullet too
D:
05i run in guns blazing ot singing in the rain
05thats my style
70% more bullet per bullet
But that's like taking a game and not put effort in it. :(
05she has her own
indeed
;)
Woops, slept a bit longer than I wanted to >.<
05to*
13okay wtf
ohai Om
05Vordox: besides she still dies form the 1 shots
05so is cool
The reason why games exist is for the rules, if the rules of the game design is broken... :(
hey Om hows your day been
shizuka always crouches and kills the enemies why? 0.o
13now it's scanning through a folder called "blondes" apparently
13what the heck is in that drive LOL
why was there a chainsaw on the moon anyway
13for the commandos
Shizuka I don't know where you are, but in one of the rooms before the Final Boss you can find a Secret with an Audio-Log of the Developers
13means their tentacles miss
Vordox: they exist for teh fun :)
13oh yes i know the id PDA :3
05Azureflames66: for the commandos, dodging right next to the dodges their tentacle strike
/me hugs Om.
13as you can tell, i've played this many times :3
alexxm: I was awake two hours ago for a few secds, I blinked and fell asleep again xD
05them*
hai Om
Alchemist: No, they exist for the reason they are existing, a game is a plane set by rules, that's the game.
Shizuka :O
oh ok Wrek thanks for explanation
My bro's been sleeping for hours now...
it's 2:24 PM...
press ALL the buttons
Hey GilDash, how are you feeling?
I'm surprised he hasn't fallen off the couch yet.
05cant wait to see your run against the maledicts too Shizuka
HEY EVERYPONY! :)
05but the seogath will do for now <3
hi
hai Ponies47
hi Ponies47
hey Ponies47! how are you?:)
Hi
Vordox: but you are given the power to change the rules and expand the experience. nothing wrong with that.
God dang it Verizon
hey Ponies47 hows your day been
/me crash glomps into Ponies47
13oh god maledict
Good
Om: Much better. Not 100% yet, but more than capable now. :)
13can you say god mode infinite ammo ><
/me kisses Om.
MahBoi777 alexxm fine thank you :)
Alchemist: That expanding is....
Om: That's for looking after me. :)
goooood
Shizuka: God mode infinite ammo
05not infinite ammo. max regen
05>:3
02Angel
13I'm gonna have to check and delete whatever's in the E drive once this scan's done, I don't like it LOL
02Welcome to the internet
02LOL
13don't think this mod works on roe though
13i've tried
:[
05aaw
05oh well
Bronysith: :(
13but this isn't online, it's stored on my PC and I never knew it was there LOL
Vordox: change the rules-->play with different style--> new game experience-->expansion.
No worries Ponies47
/me puts on Gasmask, hugs GilDash, muffles "Hi Gildash!"
05Shizuka: no grenades agaisnts bruisers ;3
/me dies of boredom
Alchemist: Yeah but that's the cheapest trick in the book of gaming, something most developers with pride avoid at all cost.
Lil_B: It's okay now. :)
05WindWhistler: liek tellign us will help that
GilDash For you ;)
12anyone else use the PC other than you these days?
/me lays a ball-in-a-cup beside WindWhistler :1
Put's on Gasmask and Says Hi Gildash
UH OH. I THINK WindWhistler IS DEAD! :
MahBoi777: Hey look, a mah boi!:D
:
13Not that I'm aware of? xD
MahBoi777: The new toy of the century.
:P
WindWhistler here, have this 5x5 Rubix Cube :/
13we even got a "new" PC like last year or something when our old one died
hey LoyalDash! IKR:D
Demon with guns? Oh my
GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: Holla! :)
aww... there dies my favourite character :(
Vordox: most (if not all) single player games have cheats, always had. I dont know why its a "cheap trick". you dont have to use them if thats what you mean.
12strange LOL
So much dooom @~@
Lil_B: :<, that is so sad...
/me eventually gets tired of the rubix cube.
05btw Shizuka: could you try the seogath without regen once atleast? :3
That's it, might as well try to 100% Cubivore...
Alchemist: No, repeating the same game with minimal Number changes
13:<
13but bfg
WindWhistler: Ugh, I never can solve that, I only get one complete side, not even 2.
does anyone get a aliens vibe from this game
-puts off gasmask- Yes
05alexxm: nope
05also guys
Om: Dooooooooooomed
Has anyone here even HEARD of Cubivore?
05no rp in here
Lil_B: Oh, even though you never even heard of that bro.:D
05is that kelly i hear? >:3
It's an incredibly rare game...even back when the GameCube was still around.
05oh right
05not kelly
05the other guy
what is it WindWhistler
05whats his name
2!pokemon
Ran, you are a 4Hoppip.
2!eonget
4Ran just got a female 7Flareon
05that accompanied swann
2Always Flareon
MahBoi777: Nuuuuuuuu
thought you said swine for a sec Wrek
alexxm: It's a game where you eat and mutate and try to become King of the Cubivores, while defeating colorless cubivores and returning the Wilderness
It's a REALLY weird game.
WindWhistler, Cubivore is the bomb
05yeah kelly is sabaoth
Didn't they release the Doom3 Source-Code last year?
05but he stole the bfg from cambell
05the guy that shizu shot a while ago
Wrek: Spoilers much?
pew pew pew
05WindWhistler: recap
oooh
WindWhistler wait, I think i have heard of it... were there green 2 D things in a 3D world?
sounds intreasting WindWhistler was it a good game
alexxm: Yeah. A bit short, but really fun.
13!eonget
13:D
Mmm liverwurst sammich.
05dont fall down Shizuka!
Lil_B: Umm....That sounds more like Paper Mario...
13this room is way overdesigned
and she falls down
!pokemon
Aurora, you are a 10Cofagrigus.
!touhou
Aurora, you are 7Marisa Kirisame.
!eonget
4Aurora just got a female 3Leafeon
how short WindWhistler
Jump!
or do that
They're kinda like those fold-up boxes.
that also works
Wrek: What about Mirror's Edge?
Here, I'll get you the Wiki page
WindWhistler oh, than i think I'm thinking about an other game :/
What the hell is the use of that bridge. Being all transformer-ish and stuff...
to look dramatic
Vordox: mirrors edge... i would like to see first person parkour revisited. but idk about mirrors edge
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cubivore
Here's the wikipedia game
Lil_B: There are these little green bugs....but they're in 3D
Bronysith: i loved it personally, though the controls were a bit glitchy.
Mirrors edge was fun
Fun fact: I like ponies :P
13I officially have 7p credit left on my phone
12LOL
fun fact: fun facts are fun
Wrek: Really? I always thought it was hell's influence.
Wrek: My suggestion of Mirror's Edge worth streaming? =3
Ponies47: funfact:....
Ponies47: EXTERMINATE!!!
WindWhistler I HAVE heard of it :D , but the game I was thinking about still wasn't it XD, but I have only seen Videos of Cubivore, never played it :(
Bronysith: NO
05GilDash: where do you think betruger found hell in the first place?
Wrek: painkiller? play that at all
funfact: crush, kill, destroy, swag
IM BACK WITH BOOZE!
/me slaps Panda|Store
Welcome back Panda|Store!:3
Panda|Store: only cider can be here
Vordox: oh, definitely :)
Panda|Store: YAY! :d
Panda|Store: Let's get wasted
Wrek there is a Character in doom 3 called Betruger?
Panda|Store can i have some
/me gives booze to every pony except Wrek
05Lil_B: yeah he is basically the chief of the place. the guy with a glass eye
here Wrek you can have my booze
Panda: That's kind of harsh...:D
Wrek: Via the teleporter. I was under the assumption that a crew went awry with Betruger in it, he became possessed, and came back as the even madder scientist hell bent on obtaining power.
Thanks Panda :) *Chugs booze*
Wrek I'm just asking because "Betrüger" is the german word for Betrayer
05the teleporter sent them to the depts of mars
Panda: Oh fun
/me chugs beer thanks Panda
LoyalDash: well Wrek drinks too much :)
/me gives Wrek booze
BRB
Panda: ....that is the person that you should first give alcohol to.
05Panda: who are you, to judge me?
Chole chole chole chole! :D I don't know what Chole means. :P
Wrek: Well, it's debateable as to whether Hell is actually on Mars or not. :S
05probalby
/me throws a keg of booze in Wrek s general direction
Wrek: im not juding you ^^
05Lil_B: yeah its the same
05Panda: you jsut did with your statement
>.>
Wrek: I did? i didnt mean to :( i was just saying... im sorry :(
Alchemist the japanese are even worse... you don't know how much german names and wors they use in their games and Animes :/ it's rediculus
Is it judgement when its true? wrek
05that statement requirers you to have made up a decision. the decision being that i drink to much. you judge that i drink to much, henceforth in your emote you gave to all but me
Hi, Good afternoon
05so yes
05you judged me
wow
I'm just watching SF fall apart right now
05and i questioned you for it
/me glomps TheGreatAndPowerfulT under the confusion
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Wrek: You're blond and likes Swedish Fish?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: how have you been?
13this will end well...
Wrek: :o i didnt mean to! :( dont hate me wreky :(
Ikr Shizuka
Wrek, you dont drink too much, but when you do, you cant type worth shit :)
Stop talking about drinking and DRINK!
wreky XD
14hi Aurora
/me reads the topic's channel
14HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!1111
05RyunosukeKnT: goot it
discriminates targets?
05got*
6oh
6why is that still there
see`?
14dm;hb
6thanks anyways but yeh
Silly Panda
05Panda: see im jsut stating facts, not hating
Jim he weill insult them and its race
no, its more like "Ghooodrr iyytrrt" :)
Jim: only shoots the tall ones.
05this would be hating: "OMG WHY U SAY I DRINK TO BUTCH BEYEETCH!?"
13hey wait, i have a charged soul cube :3
05see the difference?
13it's not that easy though is it
Wrek: maybe i should have reworded it, XD
Wrek: Because you drink too much. :p
I think you mean too butch
"Too much" is relative
Ask Einstein
Wrek: well... next time ill treat you to some hard stuff alright? :) no matter the cost
tbh, I havent seen Wrek drunk on IRC but once, the other night ;)
05GO Shizuka! GO!
That's the final boss Wrek?
OMG giant robot of doom
hay another Indie Royale Bundle :D
Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!
05Vordox: far from
LAWL
wtf 0.o
um
err
Augh! That's thes B Movie I'll need to request next time...
Wrek: wubs? <3
fine, a bit tired and you Bronysith ?
Glitched?
05wubs
It's a little TOO tasteless, though.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: fine. my brain is 6_9 from writing all day
05busy watchign Shizuka pwn sabaoth
05brb
13...okay I'm not even gonna say what the next of this next folder is .w.;
Wrek: YAYS!
13LOL deleting asap thnx
13apparently you can't actually die from the pit o.O
Go Shizu go!
^_^
....What is that one shotting stuff...?
More like the giant robot of chole chole
;)
13wow
05also
/me yawns
05SOULCUBE IS OP
the bfg 9000?
13so this isn't actually a killzone
12can I know plz
Morning everypony. So what's up?
Nothing
the sky
or ceiling
Hi, Reikim
/me curiosity increases
05didnt you patch your doom?
05they fixed that somewhere :P
Shizuka: The ballsed that up. :D
05anyways
/me pierces the heavens by glomping Reikim
05only one boss left in doom 3 Shizuka
Is Shizu STILL playing Doom3?
05got get it >.3
is it discord Wrek?
Not that I'm complaining, but
05>:3
13so..
13this room
13makes no sense
13Nope LOL
05anyoen who beat the first dooms will recognize it
http://i.imgur.com/CIr19.png
Shizuka: it doesnt?
It's there to scare you.
13the only entrances are that convenient air duct
Wrek is it discord?
13and a storage room
Ohai Reikim!
12:<
Ohai LadyCanary! How goes it?
Yay
13which is probably a closet... apart from the elevator there is no way to get there by normal means
Shizuka: My answer? The architects went insane long before the crew did.
05the digsite maps are the trippiest ones
Hooray for hell knights! :)
05also hellknight
05:D
Really, a chainsaw has no right to function so well as white noise.
05too bad they dissed barons of hell :C
Wrek: I'm hoping out on Doom 4.
05GilDash: aye, hopign for pain elementals the ntoo
05and arachnotrons
Wrek: Damn, I *hate* Pain Elementals. :D
I hated pain elementals in Doom2
It'd be nice to see arachnotrons back though.
05atleast in a sense
13inb4 Kai used my PC
/me is shot
05would be nice with them crawlign around walls
I think its funny that people couldn't reverse engenir Doom34 because John Karmack used some sort of code he made called "Karmack Reversed"
Wrek, can I ask you for some pointers?
Doom3*
I love chole chole 10 hours
12LMAO
12Oh I see
13I KNOW HE'S OUT THERE, I JUST GOTTA FIND HIM
12OF COURSE
or 200 hours Chole chole
13oh oh i know what it's doing :3
13it's attempting a manual override on the wall
was that the BFG
For Doom 4 they need to rely less on scripting and more on decent AI.
Shizuka: xD dat reference :)
Shizuka: :D /)
05Panda: on what?
05GilDash: http://www.nextdimension.org/other/doom3/arachnotron.jpg
Wrek: my drawing ability ^^
05dissed from the final game sadly
BACK :)
05sure could try
Wrek: Wait, they had the concept art and never even put it in? Not even in RoE? The shame! :O
:O
you'd think the legions of hell could take more then a few bullets
05GilDash
LE GASP! :o
05worse
05http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2246/2049260478_9d371ddd35.jpg
is this part of the game close to the Hell stage?
Sure
05http://www.tfuture.org/themes/phobos/img/docs/Arachnotron.png
Wrek: ... words actually fail me.
05it was even modeled
Wrek: i guess they coulndt find a large enough space to put it in ;p
05i guess they never found a place to put it
05aye
Wrek: How about replacing some of the damned ticks/trites for once? :D
Wasn't Doom mostly an open place to fight the demons? <.< In 1 and 2? in Doom 3 it's almost only corridors.
05Vordox: doom 1 and 2 had its fare share of corridors too
05fair*
Yeah, my memory says there was a few, but they were bigger then Doom 3 corridors?
Damn, you guys make Doom sound so fun. I'm kind of disappointed now that I never got to play it -_-
05yes but doom 3 had an element of "realism" duct taped to it
re
Reikim: I'm sure if you look around you can find it.
13I've spent 3 hours on this computer doing pretty much nothing
2:0 for spain
13cuz of this stupid scan I'm having to do >:/
Wrek: Shame there wasn't any duct tape. :D
05eeew football
12I know
so the finale will be spain - germany
Wrek: I think ot was just an excuse for the badly optimized engine.
derpy_pony: who are they playing?
Dat cube
ireland
13thank you john carmack's fifth doppelganger
.....
SoulCube him! XD
13TO A BETTER PLACE WITH YE!
Shizuka: didnt you kill him like 4 imes?
i hope spain doesnt win again..
DO EET
13karma archie :3
Awww.
05there you saw the archvile in action
05lame
Doom 1 and 2 were basicly Shooting Gallerys, Doom 3 tried to be realistic and build up an Atmosphere
DAMMIT!
Wrek: WHAT??? I thought it was an Imp...
BRB back to the damn store
Panda: What?
Panda: Why :<
Panda: get hot pockets
Is there life on MAAAAAAAAAAARS
13he is so out of breath
05i gotta draw 2 archviles terrorizing ponyville
Bronysith: THATS A GOOD IDEA!
brb
Wrek: You mean old school archviles? Ressurecting zombie ponies?
LadyCanary maybe celestia banished somepony to the Mars :/
05GilDash: yes
Why do ancient civilizations always have to have superior technology? Can't they just be primative?
13now... iirc we're traveling to site 3
Wrek: I look forwards to it. :D
05dith doomguy beign equestrias only hope
13basically returning the soul cube home
05WRITE IT
13but before delta, we were in site 2...
13i'm confused about how the base structure is supposed to work
Doom Colt! :D
they are the best team in europe, twilight_sprinkle...only germany and the netherlands were rated nearly as good. netherlands are out now
Wrek: Write what?
05Vordox: nope
05human doomguy
05works better
Wrek: make sure you draw Megan in too then :P
Wrek: What am I supposed to write?
05the delta complex teleporter malfunctioned, leaving doomguy trapped on equestrian soil with a fwe supplies.
derpy_pony: Germany shouldve won last world cup, spain got lucky cuz of umpire
Shizuka is STILL playing Doom 3?
05only to fidn otu hell followed him
/me begins binging on Doom canon
sagas aye
sagas until she wins
sagas: Hey, it's a good game. 'Sides, she's near the end now.
Also, what do I get if I write this crossover?
Wrek: are there going to be pony casualities....?
I feel like shes played it forever though
And given how the Doomguy is mute, do I get free liberty with his personality?
dat shitty night vision
Reikim: he grunts...so hes not fully mute...
oh hi Shamroc
/me glomps Shamroc
*functionally mute*
why is th lighting bad in some parts of this game
sagas: I swear it was yesterday and today. :D
Shamroc: I'm not sure he speaks Equastrian anyway...
/me dodges Bronysith's glomp
yeah dont try that
Can he decide what emotion he is expressing with his grunts?
hey Shamroc hows your day been
Shamroc: given what he has been through...twice...maybe its his only form of communication :)
alexxm..im really really tired...
hi Shamroc ;)
so what excuality is the organic stuff coating everything
/me flies out the window and crash glomps into a crater which had a portal in it and the other portal connected to the ceiling above Shamroc and Bronysith glomps him hard
alexxm: because it wants to be scary but its not
05Reikim: well not really
05maybe
05slightly
Bronysith: yeah no
05keeping it realistic
alexxm: I think it was explained as hell pouring through into the base.
thanks GilDash
Wrek: ?
Bronysith: That might have killed you both
05a badass with some slightmental instabillity
Wrek: Sounds good. I was just planning on making him a snarky bastard, because snarky bastards are fun to write.
05a bit better than the average marine complex, with the right ammount of douchebag
snarky snarky snark snark... snarky
05but understands whats oging on
05and wants to save the qute ponies from total obliterations
Yay douchey marine complex!
Dat cute with a q
Wrek: Like Hudson in Aliens 2, just replace Whiney with Douchebaggery?
13they really like those back spawns
So have you been saving this time, Shizuka?
Wrek: Although I have to ask what the standard marine complex IS...
Reikim: Please do not write Doomguy as the comics depict him. :D
Wrek: Or he just wants to shoot stuff...
Reikim: You know. The grunt hardass shaved head kind
Reikim: Draw some inspiration from *Every military movie ever*
13yes mommy
05grunt
/me giggles.
05is best description
13two or three levels left i think
05still ab it scarred form the horrors of hell
05but mostly able to stand fast
Reikim: Full Metal Jacket would serve you well
05dont wussing on about it
Reikim: to sum it up : "Come get some mothaf******"
05not*
sagas: That movie ie boss! /)
I like Alchemist's explanation. Succinct, yet detailed.
Reikim: I have a feeling if you do write it, Wrek WILL draw it. :D
(\ That it is, Ponies47, that it is
How about fluttershy would meet Bugs bunny? I can't tell LOL
q
r
sorry, thought chat derped
GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: Fluttershy would be caring and kind as ever while bugs either tries to get away constantly or takes advantage of her
too much quiet.
Fine.
What was the last thing wrek drew on the Stream?
Chat IS derping...
05i do liek the idea that this isnt the first time the teleporter flukes. that somewhere maybe in the everfree 3 dead hazmat scientist are dead, and locations liek these are where he finds more ammo and weapons
How about fluttershy would meet me? I can't tell LOL
05removign the element of he magicalyl has it
Why is the game streamed at 30fps? Yesterday it was at 50
/me hugs wrek
chat derped
Doom Guy in equestria with a shit-ton of guns. I dont like where this would go
sagas: Hey, Doomguy is a good guy. :)
GilDash: Yeah, don't talk the talk, just fucking drink till you drop the drop.:D
why Alchemist
/me hugs Wrek
is anyone else getting a lot of lag?
/me hugs RainbowJack
Wrek...question...with all the crap that doom guy has seen...woulndt talking pony's freak him out more and cause him to think they are also demons? or what not
well... i das the ideo 3 days ago... I heard doom 1 and 2 are easily modable... could so it shouldsn't be that difficult to make everything MLP-themed XD
twillight_sprinkle eeyyp
Huray, we have reached level 2
eeyup*
alexxm What does fluttershy think about me?
Hay guyz
13ow
GilDash: Hes a space marine. Nothing more. He doesnt do it because its morally right, he does it to survive. Who knows what he would do when ending up in a foreign universe
hi dr-whooves
I think, upon meeting talking ponies, Doomguy would be sent straight into shock.
Ded?
hey dr-whooves hows your day been
killerpony7733: ook, thought it might be me. btw press tab when typing a name for it to autofinish
Hi Dr.Whooves
> Getting charged at by the hordes of Hell? Fine.
DID YOU NOT SAVE, Shizuka
alexxm: the guy have fought back hell. Twice. Alone. I think he might be a bit mentally unstable at that point and seeing talking fluffy ponies wont help his condition :D
what would Doomguy do when he sees the Party Cannon?
nothing speacial, im gonna try and cover thsi day aria on flute
> Meeting cartoon talking ponies? Stunned into (more) silence.
05Shamroc: "hmm, ponies that are remenissient of old gil cartoons, must be liek the bloddy grotesque demons ive killed before"
sagas: Actually in his back story he was sent to Mars for refusing to fire on civillians.
05not really
05GilDash: yeh
GilDash: He was? Hell I would love to get sent to Mars. Sounds like fun
00,10So is it just me or did Cain loose alot of his books in his travels?
Wrek: What about the ponies, their reactions to Doomguy AND Hell? :P
Why the feaking hay do I still know all of this stuff? :D
05also note that we are talking about doom 3 doomguy
05not doom 1 & 2
Dr.whooves
05as for the ponies freakign out
05ofc they would
Difference?
Wrek......you have a point...but again he might just have a thing in his ehad to kill everything he see's....seeing on how everythings trying to killed him..
Do you know me dr.whooves?
sagas: Not when everybody coming back always bitches and complains how shit it is there, and they're there pretty much only because it's either the only job they have or for the pay.
Hrm. aw well.
I feel Pinkie would surprise Doom Guy, resulting in him unloading a clip into her
i dont think so >.> should I?
BACK!
wb Panda|Store...
Going dooooooooown...
Welcome back Panda|Store! And whgy you always keep going back to the store?:D
Panda: What did you buy now?
Panda: where do you keep going!?
05sagas: maybe reflex point gun at, mayeb fire a round form the machinegun and miss
Bronysith: I got hot pockets
05but nah
sagas they wouldn't know that though
Om: The store
sagas: I think the ponies would sufficiently take him aback that he wouldn't start firing.
05no reason to make it more grimdark than needed
/me glomps Panda
Panda: GIMME
Om: well... i keep skating to the store like full speed and i get home... and it seems my memory fails me
I'm gone for now, see you ether later or (more likely) tomorrow ;)
Panda: Must be close by....
sagas: Doomguy has been shown time and time again to have a very level head throughout the game.
/me hands Bronysith a cold hot pocket,
bye Lil_B
Om: no.. about 15 minutes away
No he is used to seeing strange things. Hed assume they were hell spawn
Panda: Oh you. And I was starting to think I was the only short sighted one xD
Panda: ......that is impossible!
/me hugs alexxm
sorry Bronysith, i didnt have time to use the microwave
GilDash: By level head you mean shoot everything?
05now you are the one making assumtions sagas
/me hugs Lil_B
05had that been it
/me force shocks the cold hot pocket that Panda gave him
now its warm
I have a whole bunch of stores a few blocks away from my moms house :p
hey everypony
LoyalDash: when you are a speed skater, you can make it 10 :)
05he would kill the marines savign him at the end of the game
Hello Elondras!:3
whats a hot pocket?
Wrek: Well its fanfiction. I could see it going either way
hey Elondras what have you been up to
sagas: No, I mean reacting calmly to the situation. It just so happens the situation calls for him to shoot everything.
food
Wrek: Hven't Shizuka killed every single human in this game, Wrek, wrek wrek:P
05Vordox: shizuka<3
GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: Should I knwo you?
/me hugs LoyalDash and alexxm
/me hugs Elondras back
I feel Shizuka has done all this before....
05sagas: she has
Hmm maybe I should go to the store and pick up some soda :P
damn, well Ireland is doomed
05several several times
what is that for a game? it looks pretty nice
de
PUT HIM OUT OF HIS MISERY
13how has this guy survived the whole time..
de*
13TO A BETTER PLACE WITH YE!
Bronysith1: Well that was random. Why are you using a different account?
DED*
don't shoot him!
D:
shot him
DO EET
sagas: it derped for me
shot him
13OLOLOLOLOOOO
WHAT THE CRAP
Shoot of a few rounds to make some noise then leave
/me cries
lol
Shizuka: Bringing salvation via shotgun to the face.
That was cruel....
did she just kill him?
sagas: Yes.
sagas: Yes. :D
yes :D
WindWhistler it was more a mercy kill
dear lord Shizuka...
OMFG
Well that was sadistic
shizuka is angel of death
they are better off being dead anyways :D
I just decided to put my Pokemon movie 2000 into my disc drive to watch it and I realised I never watched the special features before
Shizuka: a sadistic mad woman who find fun in shotgunning innocent people
Doomguy: "Dear Princess Big Ponyhorsey, today I killed 2501 Demons. You're faithful marine, Doomguy."
http://www.dorkly.com/article/25398/fifteen-people-youll-see-at-every-nerd-convention
13<3
I played the making of soundtrack feature: it has Kel Mitchell on it! From Kenan and Kel!
13he is in a better place now
your*
13or in hell, whichever is closer
/me s nostalgia senses explodors
<3
I LOVE ORANGE SODA
Oh, Shizu...
Shizu dont give a buck
13^~^
POKEYMAN AND KEL
EPIC
05heck using the PDA he can easely explain whats goign on on mars to say twilight
In this case I feel that hell is closer
05he has the video logs
Shizu gives alot! Just most of it is death plasma and lead...
05the audio logs
05he could jsut play them
Wrek: Language barrier?
Unless Twi learns human tongue
05Wrek: use english, no need ot mkae it harder than it is
I'm going to the store to buy some soda. BRB :P
05Vordox*
Hell's pretty damn far away right now, actually. It got scared of Shizuka and ran.
XD
Wrek: That's the fifth time I've seen somebody reply to themselves. :D
what's the name of this game anyway?
05Elondras: Doom 3
Did Wrek just messag/ping himself?
05seesm like im getting tired :P
Wrek: You're sseking a serious story or a episode story, like MLP :P
sagas: Yep. :D
Wrek: Maybe you need some more drink. :p
Wrek: I believe you might need some sleep. JUST MAYBE.
Shizuka: i wonder how much memory that pda has..
Wow ive heard of talking to yourself, but messaging yourself in a chat room?
sagas: XD
05Shamroc: actualyl seeing as memory capacity about doubles each year. and that this takes place in 2083 iirc
WindWhistler: IKR?
05you can do the math
/me is playing Cubivore.
If this was 2083, wouldnt we be prepared for the hordes from hell
hi everypony :)
05sagas: not really
Takes place in 2083, and they still use lousy physical PDAs. And their Internet probably sucks. 2083 must be a crappy year to live.
sagas: you can never be prepared for that
Mars doesnt get good signal
An answer to that, Wrek? A serious attempt at Doomguy going to Equastria?
05Reikim: 2083 visualized 2005
sagas: not more than we would be prepared for a magical dragon invasion.
05PDAs were like
Reikim: To be fair, they're on MARS. :D
05the new big thing back then
sagas: just get holy water and thats it
02*WB03(Rukario03)02WB* - <Umbreon> there really isn't anything hard about DOS <Umbreon> except making it do something useful
Alchemist: Speak for yourself, but im ready
:D
05Vordox: a seriosu attempt yes
So I've been looking for work in Albany, NY, where I went to college. I'm hoping to land a job at a posh hotel there. I might be able to make money on thes side blackmailing politicians XD
This was made in 2005?
posh is such a posh word
Wrek: Guess it's going to be a challenge for Reikim then
Wrek: Come back tomorrow during the BMN, I'll have progress for you.
Randomnerd: Yay felonies!
speaking of BMN, I gotta enter the lottery!
05WindWhistler: yes
Oh shit....Applejack defending her farm from Hell: SOUNDS GOOOD? :P
Plasma gun <3
is extortion a felony?
05probably began development earlier so
sagas: Gotta make the money somehow.
Alchemist: yes
WTF!!!!!!!!!!!! DOOD!!!!!!
Alchemist: Absolutely.
bfg <3
052083 invisioned around 03-05
My mom just called me asking if I had WEED!!!!!!!
Panda: dood?
05Panda: well do you? i could sue a fix
If you become aware of a crime, it is your duty to report it to the authorities.
Panda: Did you?
Panda, you gets calls from your mom like that too?
05use*
Wrek i didnt know you smoked weed :(
Randomnerd: Much easier and less risky ways. I feel being a hitman would be easier and less risky than blackmail
They should've realized what was currently the next big thing would've been outdated by that year...
Panda I do, but Im too damn lazy to mow the lawn.
Panda, your mom sounds fun. :D
cachi01~
WallDives: yeah! like wtf! call me to say hi not ask me for a damn dime!
Ninjazz: And you are still up I see.
sounds like TARDIS
WallDives: lol no
ok...
look
aww.
Om, about to crash, actually.
/me glomps sagas with the tardis
WallDives: oh skullgirls?
05Panda: i dont, just trolled you
Ninjazz: Probably for the best.
Wrek: good ^^ i love you more
cachi01, yeah.
sagas: Murder in the First would probably mean life imprisonment, but you'rse right that sit depends on getting caught.
05i promised myself never to do drugs again so
Wrek: again? :)
/me is killed by the force of a trand-dimensional space telephone booth crashing into him driven by Bronysith1
05wouldnt be able to keep that if i did
Hiho people
Wrek: good for you man. drugs are bad
Wow, dem typos.
:O OMG WallDives!
Hrm.
Didnt notice you were here ^^"
I said hi when you came in, LadyCanary...
@_@ Ooopsie. And Wreky, good for you for not doing drugs. <3
cachi01 and WallDives: SKULLGIRLS <3
WallDives: No acount for forgetfullness.
WallDives: i can play in 1 hour with0 minutes
Randomnerd: meh depends on the states laws
cachi01, alright.
gives me time to knock off some of this rust.
SPEAKING OF SKULLGIRLS. WallDives, I saw 2 AMAZING Skullgirls cosplayers at the convention I went to.
WallDives: 30*
It must suck to be Irish today
NY is Life without Parole for murder 1.
Well, actually 4 but I became aquainted with 2
LadyCanary, really? Interesting.
Yup!
I saw Peacock, Cerabella, Double, and Valentine.
Wait double?
13canary canary~<3
LadyCanary: No MsFortune? :(
Wrek, you know, you are cool :)
How does that work
Peacock would have to be a challenge, I'm sure.
WallDives: Were you one of them
There was also a Double in her WTFBBQ form but I missed her.
mmmm valentine :3
LadyCanary: will you give us pics eventually? :3
I have them ^_^
Om, HELL NO. I'd cosplay as Mario or Bob.
WallDives: I'm sure you would make a fine lady. :D
Anyone see the video with doom guy vs master cheif?
LadyCanary: i need pics of valentine
NOW
PING!
Om, no. rest assured.
The Valentine wasnt all that good tbh. I dont have pics of her.
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5guskA1EF1qjqeiyo2_250.jpg
also, MadSurge you play?
WallDives: I'll rest imaginative
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5guskA1EF1qjqeiyo6_1280.jpg
...And on a completely unrelated note, I now owe the library more money than is probably healthy.
To do list before AC3: Play AC 1 and 2
btw, are you guys aware that the new newsletter STILL leads to the old one when clicked?
Know the WHOLE story
Om, a 260lb former Hockey player? lolno.
ACS13123: and brotherhood and revelations
chachi01: done
Reikim: Then never pay it. What are they gonna do? Hunt you down?
cachi01: actually im on Revalations right now
WallDives: Lol yes, the muscle makes it more memorable
ACS13123: revelations was lame IMO
WallDives: I kinda do but it's hard to because of that bug for the PS3 version. Did they fix it yet? :D
wow, that peacock isnt bad.
MadSurge, I dont know, I have 360...
cachi01: coulda been worse
WallDives: 260 lbs?!
is this level hell?
Randomnerd, uh...yes.
Jesus, how big is he?
ACS13123: tell me, what is the story behind your username?
WallDives: actually, let me ceck
*check
Oh, former.
Randomnerd, well, still would, but...stuff happens.
13did it again... tried to melee..
kk
this is one long game
Can doom guy meelee?
13moment~
sagas: That's a good thing.
anyway, gonna get my arcade stick, brb.
13yes long is good
sagas: ACS- My initials 1312 - My birthday (13th december) and a random 3, it was originally ACS1312 but that was taken on youtube so I settled for ACS13123, and I've used it ever since
Om: with the flashlight, yes.
Om: If you switch to fists first.
well Shizuka just told us she died, but we havent seen it
13there's only a couple major spots that are padding
13nope not ded
GilDash: That's kinda silly.
13reloading video
Why is it all grey :D
ACS13123: that makes sense
Om: It's based on old games. Good games, but with older mechanics. As I recall, that was one of the main critiques against it.
ALL OF DA WIN http://cs11224.userapi.com/u12816927/-14/z_8a13a548.jpg
MadSurge: refresh
GilDash: Hmm, well alright.
pinus
Why the hell would the name ACS1312 be taken on youtube :d it seems so random.
http://derpy.me/eN2pA
hi everypony
Who's the guy occasionally laughing? Satan?
sponge bob
MadSurge: Betruger.
MadSurge: Betrüger.
hello
hi ilikezeponies
God these archviles SSSSUCK
hey lilikezeponies
hey ukikezeponiez hows your day been
ponie time
nope its doom actually lol
hey everypony
/me hugs ilikezeponies
hey ilikezeponiez hows your day been
good,u?
i'm good
WallDives: did you watch the amazing videos where the VAs play Skullgirls? :D
if i had a quarter for each pony episode i didnt laugn at,i'd be a hobo
You're the best around!
Nothing's gonna ever keep you down!
http://derpy.me/MQeME
fantastic
FAN-TASTIC
MadSurge, I did.
Yikes.
RoboGerbil: I approve this art.
WallDives|Skullgirls: aren't they the best thing ever :D
Foreveeeer
05DAT INPRINT FORM THE FIRST DOOM COVER ART
05SO MUCH EASTER EGGS
05ORGASMIC
doom 1 refrencw
Wrek: IKR :D
chat derped :p
so are you the reincarntion of this mightisest warrior guy then
Wrek: I think i can handle my liquor more than you ^^
Panda likes alcohol?
...oh that sounds like a chllange...
alexxm: That's the implication.
Panda, you are speaking to the main viking of this chat.
thanks GilDash
mighty warrior is doomguy?
MadSurge: sometimes :)
http://derpy.me/veOS2
Not too far from the last boss now. :)
05let me see you be ableto stand concious and apparently rabble in chat after about half a liter jäger, half a liter vodka. some redbull shots. various drinks and a shitload of beet
Ninjazz: i know ;)
Panda: I'm straight edge :D
Wrek: That sounds brilliant.
05r*
Wrek: You're a madman.
Wrek: :D shall we cam a challenge?
God... I love revelations... One of the outfits as Desmond, i shall play more often...
is that a challenge Wrek
Reikim: Not a genius has lived who hasn't had a trace of madness.
05you just want to abuse me for ym body! sicko!
13cyberdemon time
Wrek: hehehe maybe ;) XD
Shizuka: YOU CAN DO IT
05rawr
Shizuka...just span bfg till ded?
Go Shizuka
Shizuka: the lamest cyberdemon ever right?
Actually, for all that alcohol, Wrek is surprisingly coherent. I salute his resilience.
ACS compared to the other AC revelations is kinda lame. good but lame
13cyberdemon is ridiculously easy compared to guardian
Isnt there a Hell stage before the cyberdemon part?
normal to drink that much :P in sweden atleast otherwise you are a lightwight just sayig
now i troll non bronies on omegle
Wrek: hey... just curious... how much to you weight?
Or is hell in Repercussions of Evil?
good luck Bronysith
05around 80kg
13chamber of the hero
Wrek: in lbs :)
Nerom: Dem Scandinavians and their alcohol.
Bronysith: hmm i think im gonna do the same :D
05Panda: sorry i dont adapt to silly measurements
Indeed Reikim
Wrek: XD
11,01Chamber of the Shizuka.
/me hugs Nittany_Discord.
/me glomps Nittany_Discord
Wrek: /) for metric
oh hai dere Nittany_Discord
well that can't be good
You know he's right. Imperial measurements are kinda silly.
Panda, about 175.
pounds.
Nittany_Discord: how are you today?
/me crash glomps into Wrek
for no reason
hey Nittany_Discord hows your day been
11,01Sleepy.
so is hell another dimeson or in mars?
LOAD OMEGLE i want to troll non bronies in the name of molestia
Wrek: statistically speaking, you absord alcohol faster than me and have a lower tolerance :)
and britannia
Soon, I might aswell start going for the all achievs on Xbox for MW3, Brotherhood and Revelations... and the other games I had which map packs added onto...
And on that note
Night Everypony :)
night ACS13123
gnight ACS13123 may the force be with you
Panda: Stats are for chumps xD
80 kilos? about my same weight :)
Cyber demon soon
night ACS13123
Bye, ACS13123
Secret room!
Dat id :D
Om: im taking stats... .____________.
Its a secret passssssaaaaaaaaagggeeee
anyway, bye :p
yo
Panda: That is why it makes a great joke!
13as the demoman says
13LEEEEEETS DO IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT
Om: :) shut up
/me giggles.
Shizuka: KABOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!
Panda: No thanks :)
13MAN you're ugly!
Shizuka go kick that cyberdemons butt
Shizuka, you have to get drunk first.
:D
D: It's whats on the inside that counts, Shizu
/me 11,01does it
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUN
Love how me mouths, "Of Fuck!"
*he
OH SWEET JESUS.
Hes beatiful!
Glorious.
11,01My insides count.
Wrek: sorry wreky :) ive never had the chance to pal around with you before ^^ now that we have the commonality of drinking... i suggest we play a game :)
/me runs the buck away.
11,01Especially since I'm a registered organ donor.
Nittany_Discord: Snap.
Nittany_Discord yay! so am i :)
Nittany_Discord: i am registered as well
so wheres the original doom guy whilst this is happening if its the first time a portal to hell was opened
05last time i agreed to play a game i had to saw a gusy leg off. turned out to be the wrong leg...
05guys*
alexxm: This is like a prequel, but really is more of an "re-imagening."
Wrek: XD hahaha
Wrek: o sweet merficul celestia
lol Wrek
dat SAW.
thanks GilDash
11,01What game is this?
Dat WallDives|Skullgirls :3
Nittany_Discord: Doom 3.
Nitanny_Discord COD MW2
GilDash what does the cube do
FacepalmCanary, currently in de lab.
Nittany_Discord: Shizuka is on the very last boss now.
hello? is chat working?
11,01The one Wrek was talking about,.
WallDives|Skullgirls: Ooooh :3
hey CCCP
Fukkireta goes perfectly with this game
ohai alexxm
Wrek: no i mean a drinking game :)
Hello Guys :D :P
Yikes.
/me glomps Alicorn_Prince_Shane
FacepalmCanary, nothing fancy, I cant combo to save my life. I do zone like a baus.
O_O damn Shizuka
DED ALREADY :(
That's the final boss?
...Holy crap.
Well that was...anticlimactic.
13eeeyup
well that was easy
05WindWhistler: dont worry
And the hell gate is no more
hey Alicorn_Prince_Shane hows your day been
wow....that boss fight was....short...
O_o
05she still needs to beat the maledict
that was easy
05NOW THT IS A FIGHT
oh.
alexxm: Basically an alien artefact created by the souls of the civilisation originally on Mars that fought the demons. It has the power to kill demons and seal hell-holes.
.....Oh good lord.
05Elondras: keep in mind she has done it a million times before
11,01What game was Wrek talking about?
thanks GilDash
13that too
good alexxm
Hey wait, didn't Halo have an Echo codename?
Nittany_Discord: he was refering to SAW the movies :)
13roe will be some time later :3
11,01Oh.
05aaaaaaw Shizuka: but i want the maledict!
http://derpy.me/q8H4b
Wrek: ok in that case...it was way to long :D
05oh look its the maledict
13nearly 4 hours later, malwarebytes finally finishes scanning my PC
13nothing found
13>:/
13BOO
13no u, I know there's something there
The doctor is a freaking dragon!
Time for Repercussions of Evil?
/me loves the Doom 3 credit song. :)
13i like how the lens flares keep working in credits
Here comes epic theme song of DOOM 3
13makes it pretty cool
dafuq is that thing?
10http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/pokmon-fall-asleep-again.jpg
14D:
14you performed a full scan, right?
Its done? O_O
13yes
/me loves the ALL the doom songs
CCCP for now till Shizuka goes to play ROE
13also not liking those two folders called "stuff" and "more stuff"
ah
So there's a Hard Mode?
13where all the dodgy stuff is
CCCP: yep, except for the expansion
05WindWhistler: there's an expansion
13hard mode is not using the fast regen :3
i see :3
13I can't get into them no matter what I change in the properties
13and I can't delete them either >:/
that boss fight seemed preaty easy
I love how John Carmack basically said, "Let's make Doom 3 or me and half of the company are walking." :D
Ah.
13or like how i almost tried to do hell yesterday
05whith an end boss that its totally hard
14D:
yikes
13yeah maledict is just ridiculously hard
I hate this late trend of making piss easy final bosses :D
13so that was doom 3 <3
Why am I reminded of Phantasy Star Online all of a sudden?
05ocne Shizuka gets some rest she will play RoE
05the expansion
05adn after that
05quake 4? :3
/me claps for Shizuka completion of the game
Thanks Shizuka! <3 You kicked all their asses, and now I'm scared of you, but that was pretty badass.
Wow, Quake 4?
aw man...now I WANT to see her going through the expansion...
Yay Shizu! <3
/me doesn't usually like these kinds of games
...OH MY GOD YES.
:O SPONGEBOB!
13wish the sikkmod enhancements worked on ROE
/me 11,01makes LadyCanary|WRONG right.
That is the first time i hear Spongebob on English :D :D
13awww it's raining, wanted to get a ride in..
:D
dat health inspector
Nittany_Discord: Im just pissed. See, I love Black Canary. BUT SOME OF THESE PEOPLE DONT KNOW HER OUTFITS.
yay
CCCP: hai
Though for some reason, I was able to watch my cousin and my brother play through Gears of War 2...
13wait what am i saying yay it's raining <33
hi Alicorn_Prince_Shane C:
Shizuka: THAT'S the spirit!
Since 1947, nor Dinah or her mother have worn a leotard.
Hey Alicorn_Prince_Shane
What does ROE stand for?
? wat wat ?
12LOL
Road of Evil?
11,01Should I play Doom 3 on stream now since Shizuka played it?
Hansome xD
doomed
Mr Krabs is voiced by the Highlander villain :D
13all the doom 3 <3
i love this episode
Nittany_Discord: She hasn't played the expansion yet
This is not pudding
Ew...driftwood D:
13whoever put them there did a good job of making sure they don't get found
GENTLEMEN
Wtf
13canary canary~<3
13I KNOW THEY'RE THERE AND I WANT RID OF THEM
Candary
When did i hit this app :/
Lady Candary
Whoa. Spongebob
LadyCanary, also, getting goodfellas of at the end of a round is SOOOOOO Satisfying.
i would love to have this as work
o_o
I'm gonna call you Lady Candary from now on, okay LadyCanary?
13i used to play bass for loony loofah
/me canary cries
doooooomed
LadyCanary: Hey, why you crying?
you'd think they'd inculde a picture of the fraud
/me 13hugs canary canary and smacks WindWhistler with a shotgun of wub
/me face hooves
smacjledorfed :D
/me starts crying
lollolol
I would Eat that
>_< Not crying you twit.
LadyCanary: what do you cosplay as?
So much violence. From a mod no less. =o
B-b-b-b-but....it's a term of affection....;-;
Black Canary of course.
YUMMY
inb4 they ruin it for themselfs
Wow...:S
She is my wife. <3
why does he have a jar of toenail clippings...
No thanks.
Hooray! Food Poisoning ^_^
inb4 he's the real health inspector
After all, Candary is a species of pinata from my favorite Xbox game!
inb4 ded
...OH EWWWW
I always get sick at that part D:
flies are under the sea?
They're so happy about attempted murder - how cute
I am going to San Diego Comic-Con as Deadpool of course
CCCP seems legit
LadyCanary: Same here.
Sea flies
CCCP: I though their wings get really wet underwater.
Elondras: xD
LoyalDash: they do :D
CCCP: ...oh well.:D
He kinda looks like a thumb.
i am completely freaking this guy on omegle out
CCCP: THERE'S FIRES UNDER THE SEA, flies are the least problem :D
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
MadSurge: lol
OMG U DED HIM!
WE'RE GONNA BURY HIM
patty is now official a weapon
That backlaugh.:3
AFTER WE BLAME EACH OTHER
:) Speaking of health inspectors...
This is actually kind of dark i gotta admit
13it's all icky and corpsy!
AAAAAAAAAAA, BBBBBBBBBBB, CCCCCCCCCC
you know for kids
Mop up the floor=buttsecks
alexxm: lol
lol
lol LadyCanary
lawlz
Now he is totally ded
LadyCanary: /)
kill inspector, bury him...awesome lesson
Would you eat this if you werent a health inspector? http://global.fncstatic.com/static/managed/img/Leisure/BK_bacon_sundae.jpg
air...underwater....
Elondras: there is air underwater
H2O
Cypresswolf: .....actually. yea
Cypresswolf: EEEEEEEEEW
That's disgusting!
Why? Because THOSE GODDAMN FLIES
Cypresswolf: that bacon thing?
13know what spongebob should have done.... unloaded a shotgun into the inspector, that will cure everything
13he will be in a better place~
Cypresswolf: BACON ON AN ICE CREAM? D:
if there was a Burger King here, I would get a Bacon Sundae
its Raining under the sea ?
03OK well
raining....underwater....
Shizuka: Yeah, YOU would know that.
Shizuka...you've been playing Doom for too long.
03that exam sucked
13:3
Shizuka: I did that on- WHAT!
13oo thunder~
DO NOT QUESTION THE LOGIC OF SPONGEBOB!
Shizuka: With all of his holes, has Spongebob already been shot? Is he already in a better place? :S
/me lightly taps Shizuka on the cheek
Heard about the bacon sundae yesterday - thought about trying one for the heck of it
Thundercats...HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Shizuka: and then fish gibs will fly around <3
03actually why is that bright blue, that hurts
13LIGHT BLUE
/me hiss
Implying Spongebob has logic, MegaMoonShine
those cops
MegaMoonShine: How can there be fire underwater?
is fudge, vanilla ice cream, brownie bits, and of course bacon
LadyCanary: spongebob has its own logic
14o.o
13Yay pink
13:D
14use black background like me :D
shovels in the freezer... legit
You guys hate me do you?
|Discord|: you lack IMAGINAAAATION
13drf I apparently have porn folders on my PC but it's denying me access to delete any of it
14I can see everything good but dark blue
13halp
xD
?
03XD
lol
14WHAT
13;w;
kidzrul434, no one hates you here.
14download Unlocker
rain in ocean, seems legit
14:D
03you can't delete it when you have it open, of course
its all wub.
Giant hat!
/me runs
14LOL
dat hat
Dat soundboard! :D
Locks are made of fabric?
Dat hat, I'd buy one....wait a minute...:\
lol
13NO U, it says "access denied" if I try to open it and I can't delete it either
Dumb rock!
kidzrul434 why would we?
inb4 mr crabs uses the health inspector for krabby patty meat
13the folder's apparently empty, too
13LIES
nvm
03try rebooting
14safe mode?
13effort
03delete first thing after reboot
dat bribery
I dont expect Burger King to sell to many of those - all I have to say is that ice cream better not be Blue Bell :|
The MLD reading this morning made me upset so I went over to pinkie pie and she made me feel better
NOT TWO GHOULS
Ice is a myth!
how come Cypresswolf
seems legit
That Ice is a lie!
sup RAWRity.
Ice? A MYTH?!
hi RAWRity
Om, then what about snow? :O
RAWRity! Omg I havent seen the most recent Young Justice ;3;
:o
hey RAWRity hows your day been
Ninjazz: Urban legend
HELLO EVERYBODY
I AM BACK
Do i hear a ping?
hi Nabronyan
Om, you're kidding....
Hey Nabronyan
NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
A zombie? SHIZUKA PROTECT US
Zombie bullshit
Ninjazz: I kid you not.
hey Nabronyan hows your day been
silly spike
take that you zombie
MY DAY HAS BEEN FULL OF PAIN
/me 13protects LadyCanary <3
That guy offical has permanet brain damage
how come Nabronyan
<3
WENT TO GYM FOR AN HOUR
alexxm: Blue Bell Vanilla & bacon don't mix - combined, not sure if it ruins the bacon or the ice cream -
poor guy
DED
ok Cypresswilf
SPENT 40 GAWDAM MINUTES LIFTING HEAVY ASS WEIGHTS
Buncha idjits.
/me hus LadyCanary
:D dat test
I LIKE CHEESE!
ok Cypresswolf
05hugs'
Shizuka: wheres my chainsaw..i'll kill it
Wish me luck tomorrow guys. I'm going in to take my driving test to get my license.
ANOTHER 20 RUNNING AROUND THE GYM
Wreky :3 Im playing Mass Effect and I am stuck ;3;
dat intermission
dat Pinkie pie
I hope this intermission becomes awesome Shizuka!
oh dat angel beats
awww fuck I hate anime!
RAWRity: If you pass, we must go on a road trip to california to attend Equestria LA
05:C
:O what is this
cya everypony
anime...time for mee to go anyway :D bye everypony
bye Elondras
I hate anime
Bye Elondras
Nabronyan: 3 problems with that: 1. I have no car. 2. I have no money to afford such a trip. 3. I have school until the middle of July
how come kidzrul434
HERE'S AN IDEA kidzrul434! Then dont watch the stream! SOmeone will ping you when its over.
meh
Simple enough, no?
certain anime are good...but most anime not so much
LadyCanary: but then he couldn't get to bitch and moan about how cool he is for not liking anime
TENGEN TOPPA GURREN LAGANN
duuunce
Demon pink haired girl?
Good point, RAWRity.
MadSurge: Sounds like Etna.
/me glomps Nabronyan and pierces the heavens
But Etna has red hair.
11,01I love Shizuka.
Nabronyan: no way, Etna's a redhead! :D
O____O
13his mind has been blown
What is this i dont even
13if you missed last ep, you'll be really lost btw
wat..
i don't think bronystate will ever stream Black Lagoon... :(
Is this another Overraction: The Anime? :D
Never seen this before.
hmm wtf is this about?
Watching this, I kind of feel like it's what you get if Hetallia met Higurashi
Shizuka i have missed most of the eps, how lost am i ?
03hi
Shizuka, is this one of the anime used on the fukkireta compilation video?
05now when i think about it
05i only play tf2 nowadays
05like
bronystate should one day stream troll 2 for an entire week
05often and activley
Wrek: moop
Man, this show sure has a lot of inner monologues.
Wrek: can i ask you something?
CCCP: how can they stream it for a week in 1 day?
05no i will not cam with you panda
Panda, you just did.
Ninjazz: Its a panda thing
Wrek: >.> not what i meant
RoboGerbil: good point :P DERP lol
whoa
Also, I hope you all know if/when I ever get the chance to stream something, first thing we're watching is Eiken.
Om, ikr.
Wrek: geez, no, add me on steam so i can play TF2 with you XD
Om: SHUT UP XD
13backstory time
Ninjazz: I just go with it, he is just trying to be nice.
Ninjazz: Too nice, but meh
Panda: You know I wont.
Om, no such thing.
Om: i know
Ninjazz: You arent me xD
05Panda: no can do, you'll have to add me
lol whats he doing with his hands?
Om, and I am happy for that. :D
what are we watching again?
/me glomps a Panda
She sounds like the stupid ferret from Madoka!
CCCP: angel beats
Wrek: but i cant add people because i havent bought any games :(
12hai
Emo person
RAWRity: tanks :$
"I don't understand the point of life." Well then, shut up about it.
buy an item in TF2 and you will able to do fun steam stuff
I spy Ouran High School Host Club
/me hugs RAWRity
BACK :)
There was a RaRa magazine. And it had Ouran on the cover.
13Key did that series too
Ah. I see.
Can you stream that too sometime?
Hi everyone
!pokemon
I killed the chat...
Sorry I took so long. I had to walk to the store and back. Plus while I was there I wanted to look at the MLP FIM toys. :P
Yes you did :D
stream my butt sometime
yeh.. good job..
She's adorable even with the mask!
13right around this ep they start breaking out the tearjerking
jerking
:(
02Nini eveyone
damn it
12Seeya Ray
I HATE GOOGLE CHROME!
Panda: Now what?
inb4 it was self-induced amnesia.
inb4 the girl has an attack or something.
Shizuka: whats this show about?
Panda: Go use firefox then. :D
Panda: I see.
14night
Ponies47: google chrome was like, "No i will not let you watch a shizu stream :(
well im back. Seems like we are watching that strange "Angel Beats" again. Still not an english dub.
13the afterlife world they inhabit wipes everyone's memory on entry
13but some of them get it back
!pokemon
Panda: dawww :(
good night Ray
Shizuka: This is the afterlife? Oh god, then tearjerking is inevitable.
So you mean they're all dead?
WindWhistler: yeah there all in purgatory or somthing
inb4 the girl dies
nope, chuck testa WindWhistler
All dem lights
whats the name of the show?
...
Guys.
angel beats Dark_Horst
Dark_Horst: Angel Beats
Yeah RAWRity?
RAWRity: What?
RAWRity...moop
I think I've found, quite possibly, the shittiest anime ever.
doubtful
Oh this oughta be fun! Which one?
RAWRity, Power Stone?
I can see what's going to happen...
Dis gun b gud
D'aaaaaawww
"Oniichan no Koto Nanka Zenzen Suki Janain Dakara ne!!"
RAWRity: Translation?
which translates to "I Don't Like You At All, Big Brother!!"
... seems legit
Sleeping with Hinako is also really bad I heard.
I never knew there was such thing as a bad anime. :o
and I've seen some awful anime.
inb4 suicide
Or not.
Like, I've seen Garzey's Wing.
Work montage!
and Eiken
What does inb4 stand for?
butter is so damn good. mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
and Master of Martial Hearts.
dat name
and fucking Ikki Tousen
Ponies47: :| In before
RAWRity: LOL Martial Hearts WUT
ikki tousen was fun
13like everyone else in purgatory, their life was taken from them in the most unfair way possible
RAWRity: I guarantee you there's a shittier anime out there. It's probably a Hentai, though, so you and I would never see it.
so that's how he died.
...Oh balls.
13you will see
MegaMoonShine: What?
Shizuka: purgatory?
what bout it RAWRity
manyuu hikenchou....queen's blade
suddenly it's Haibane Renmei
Ponies47: Basically you say it to state something you think is about to happen
13i should do haibane after this
sadness
MegaMoonShine: Okie doki loki :)
Shizuka: I'd love to see the chat's reaction to that.
this is not doom
05i dont always watch anime, but whe nI do, its on bronystate
also, LadyCanary have you seen Martial Hearts?
Shizuka: What other anime do you have on hand?
well, I just have the chat open Shizuka... so yeah
Wrek: Pretty much sums it up for me. :D
Nope, RAWRity. Never heard of it, but it sounds quite silly.
I remember one of Dio's last songs was titled "Bible Black"
05DeadpoolDash: no
05dont
13moment i will fetch my list
what, its true
>.>
Wrek: you dont watch anime anywhere else? D:
ponies are cool
You know when I was at the store looking at the MLP toys all there really was alot of Canterlot stuff.
LadyCanary: The first 4 eps of it are just badly animated fanservice and pointless fetish costumes and whatnot. Then the 5 episode turns it into fucking Old Boy
05Panda: nope
Wait, did one of those guys just speak plain English? :S
11,01I couldn't get into Halbaine.
03LOL that was random
/me shudders.
11,01But I have that series on DVD.
13GilDash: TK tends to speak in english lyrics
Who's that white-haired girl?
Shizuka: may request something to play later?
13no one knows/cares wy
2Random, kingdom of Ran :D
13that's tenshi
this show is practicly made of what do you mean its not awesome
Shizuka: Fair does. I speak in song lyrics sometimes too. :D
03LOL
13the one they were fighting against
and this is why i dont find strangers in the ALPS
13but now aren't
Yo LadyCanary. You alright?
Yes ^_^
She's cute.
The hat! Noooooooooo!
10Photobucket responds 4 days later
LadyCanary: Okie doki loki
13kanade is best kanade
btw, Shittiest anime I've ever seen, and I've only seen 1 ep:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oniichan_no_Koto_Nanka_Zenzen_Suki_Janain_Dakara_ne!!
10Also drf, can I complain to you about the new Draw Something look?
10:P
00,10Oh hi all.
./nick CCCP|AFK
Oh hi Sumica
Ohai Sumica.
Ohai Sumica :)
hi Sumica
hey Sumica hows your day been
03sure
03as I agree
CCCP: Close.
Sumi! ^_^
Om: :)
there ya go CCCP|AFK
13saito? he snipes the fish?
:$
00,10So what's new?
hey is it possible to get this morning's reading of My Little Dashie?
Sumica: I "ponified" myself
00,10Oh>
10Yesterday, it was acting up. Like, you go and try to guess the word but the boxes where you put the letters did not appear so I am like, "How am I supposed to know how many letters there are?"
So...if they're all dead, why are they behaving like the living?
Sumica: Nothing much. My local store just has Canterlot MLP toys.
03yeah I saw that
10...Karma
WindWhistler: because Purgatory
10I opened up our game and what do you know, no boxes
Better then nothing :)
03weird
okay everypony i have to go going to bed goodnight all
because racecar WindWhistler
/me has a great idea
Night night RainbowJack :)
Somebody should stream Endless Eight from Haruhi
13oh god endless eight...
This is the most dramatic fishing I've ever seen
There goes the newest member of team rocket..
o_o
Nyria!
13MegaMoonShine: just wait
Also somebody should stream Madoka at some point.
Shizuka: but th catch is...THEY SHOW THEM ALL AT ONCE
Hello LadyCanary ^^
team rockets blasting off again
:S
alexxm: LE GASP! :o
someone should stream KITE
Why does that one girl look like Haruhi?
12o.o
Giant catfish?
This is, like, the third episode of this show I've seen and I STILL have no interest in anything that's happening.
:o
TAT FISH
00,10Wait wut. Hasbro is puting love and tolerate on t-shirts now?
14o.o
Is "How unwise" all that one girl says?
00,10and is that a plushie Twi that I see?
00,10http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-RWAc_yxI8nE/T9mceDiwd2I/AAAAAAAAtMw/G17sSrbWfuA/s1600/5.jpg
NOCs
NPCs?
whats happening about the shirts Sumica
03have you restarted the phone since updatingv?
03-v
HOLY DISCORD FISH!
Sumica: also, Vinyl Scratch's name is now canon.
mfw Sumi :O
that shirt is a WeLoveFine shirt
00,10Yeah I know RAWRity
yep love and tolerate shirt, but the plusie is still not as good as one fan made
Woo! we have infultraded Hasbro
Sumica: THe love and tolerate T-shirt with Twilight on it. You can buy it from Welovefine
00,10not as good but a step in the right direction
Now we, Has bros In hasbor
SO MUCH FISH!
see yall tomorrow, im off to bed! Good night!
Om: That was absolutely terrible. :D
Bye Alchemist
Night night Alchemist :)
Alchemist: G'night! :)
now if only they would deal from the UK so we dont have to deal with rediculous shipping
/me glomps Sumica into desktop ponies
00,10Ah, makes sence Ponies47. Even if love an tolerate was just a counter troll thing
Alchemist: G'NIGHT
Chrysalis: Here, here!
so Dj pon3 is the stage name and vinyl her real one ?
Sumica: Yeah.
RAWRity: Where did Vinyl's name show up officially?
dat pantie shot
http://www.welovefine.com/2368-6354-large/rainbow-dash-ed.jpg
00,10just a sec DocSane
13send in the clones!
10Yes
What a tweeest!
DocSane: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-7l4DuhsDAHY/T9fryT92qHI/AAAAAAAAtGI/tcn5pk32HtA/s1600/3.jpg
:O
GilDash: You know it!
03http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/292162_463295990354299_133498855_n.jpg
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Vinyl is fanon, but we assume that DJ-PON3 can't be her real pony name so that's the one we've given her.
It's a clone, hopefully, right?
00,10http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-7l4DuhsDAHY/T9fryT92qHI/AAAAAAAAtGI/tcn5pk32HtA/s1600/3.jpg
Shizuka: ty very much for the stream *hugs
00,10wall scroll from same merch show.
RAWRity: Okay, and where was that banner displayed?
gosh darn it...I have to leave soon....
Yay this video~
I DON'T WANNA LEAVE
DocSane: MLP merchandise expo
Okay, never mind my theory. :D
13did you notice it before she sliced the fish?
GilDash both vinyl and pon3 are cannon names btw
Shizuka: :) Thanks for the stream, but dont leave alright?
I want a Vinyl scratch episode in Season 3
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Apparently so. I'm happy wither way. :)
RAWRity: Who was displaying it?
DocSane: Hasbro
Shizuka: THANK YOU!
Hello everypony
Hi Lunaughty
Lunaughty: Hai]
RAWRity: Ah. Well, then.
03http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/533453_385307204850807_533124731_n.jpg
hello Lunaughty.
Sumica: http://www.welovefine.com/2418-love-tolerate.html <- Right there. Same shirt
hi Lunaughty
now
who wants me?
/me runs away
Ohai Lunaughty :)
RAWRity: I'm not really surprised. There's nothing about the fan name that would prevent them from using it.
This song still gives me shivers.
Shizuka: Thank you for the awesome stream. Fingers crossed for Doom RoE. :$
RAWRity: Unlike the Derpy fiasco.
http://www.welovefine.com/2117-5715-large/do-you-like-bananas.jpg
/me powders his hands and hefts a ban hammer.
What's the name of the space game?
bai guys gtg
Bye Alicorn_Prince_Shane
DeadpoolDash wow, thats, i dont evne
Bye Alicorn_Prince_Shane :)
/me 11,01powders his hands and hefts a feather duster
thanks for the stream Shizuka
00,10Shizu, how come you have not joined the space race yet?
Mirathrim: It looks like Freespace.
bye Alicorn_Prince_Shane
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
cant dust if your dusty
/me 11,01dusts Chrysalis
Mirathrim: I may be *entirely* wrong though. :D
11,01Thanks Chrysalis
An Angry 14-Year-Old Girl Production
13the kerbal race?
05so
dat business card
Thanks for the stream shizu ~
05no queue Shizuka?
Wait, weren't you gonna play the expansion?
00,10yeah
here is one for you Chrysalis http://www.welovefine.com/2242-6051-large/chrysalis-change.jpg
Wrek: stream a stream
00,10have fun wrek
Bye now, everypony!
MegaMoonShine: See ya! :)
Bye bye MegaMoonShine :)
05hit blue refreshh
bye MegaMoonShine
*Hits blue refresh*
/me slaps Ponies47 in the knee
/me 11,01hits green refresh
So I've been watching "Community" this past week.
Bronysith: :|
what do you think RAWRity
and I have to say, the S2 Community finale may have been one of the greatest things to ever be put on television.
/me hits ChatGem
sup
hey hey....
What's up guys
No wait I mean...hi
Nothing by the looks of it.
:D
10http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/pokmon-onixly-this-is-ridiculous.jpg
/me uses first aid on refresh
You know when I said I would be back in a hour at 6:00 AM because my wouldn't catch me being a bad pony. I fell asleep :( But tonight I got plenty of soda to keep me up! :P
I think everyone maybe dead.
>.>
I hit the refreshh, nothing happened
*mom my
No stream?
05try again
Was it somthing I said? :(
03LOL
howdy
03btw Skylands, I downloaded Madoka dub DVDs
nuthin
THERE'S THE STREAM! :)
Ah here we go
OH YAY
Ponies47: Isn't it always something you said ^_~
It's TF2 :)
00,10did I just see Tia run past?
I see that Wrek is showing off his sniping skills.
Wrek..snipeh time
Ponies47: soda doesn't actually keep you awake that much with the moderate amount of caffeine in it hardly will keep you awake for long :D
Sumica probably
Sumica: its a moded thing that uses pony boses
hey AnotherGuy hows your day been
00,10oh this is that double saxton but with ponies map type is't it.
10Yay?
alexxm been bad, searching for happiness here
Sumica: yep
killerpony7733: Meh. Works for me :)
03so I'll try to watch some of it on my flight to California
10Give me the filesss
/me hugs Anotherguy what happened
03you got dual-layer discs to burn them to?:P
VIDEO ლ(ಠ益ಠლ) Y U NO LOAD!
00,10Tia vs Luna I presume
10I cba to pirate
10No.
Ponies47: its either coffee or energy drinks for me :)
:[
03well you'd need them
03or Daemon Tools to mount the images
10But like, remember how you gave me The Net?
Sumica completely random
alexxm It's okay, school will be over anyway
03yeah, and I cba to rip :P
10:<
iv seen a rarity vs luna
killerpony7733: Coffee's good to. Couple nights ago had no soda had a coffee I was wide awake for the rest of the night. :p
Most of the night :P
00,10shame wrek dont have any of the player skins
Wrek!!!!!!!!!!!
00,10Demo zicora is amusing.
03all you need is 3 DVD+R DL discs and a DVD burner
03and you can watch them anywhere
03XD
I really wish my computer wasen't so slow :<
Ponies47 coffee has alot of caffeine like many energy drinks :P
killerpony7733: eeyup :P
Wrek: moop
10Cba to go out and buy that
good morning everyone
Hey trollhunter :)
hi trollhunter
10Cba everything
Woops chat derped 6_9
10Draw Something won't load at all now
hmm
10Rebooted twice
killerpony7733: It happens :$
00,10the hell was that
10Stupid Zynga
did the stream just massively derp?
look what I found http://www.welovefine.com/1605-dd-troll-hunter.html
wtf am I looking at
So many welovene links 6_9
00,10ah, Rarity vs tia
*Welovefine
00,10or no
03try clearing data and/or uninstall/reinstall
00,10I see it changes when one dies
10I clear data every 15 seconds derp
Sumica rarity vs woona now and only changes if the user dies
10and Advanced Task Killer
03uh
03clear data as in go to manage apps, and do it that way? o_O
hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT hows your day been
10oh
10Task Manager I meant
10k
it's been good and yours alexxm ?
00,10oh wrek is the pony
i'm good TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Sumica: hes twi as well
10nope
3000 HP? What have I missed?
10I'll try later I guess
Oh my
00,10nice
03yeah that's not clearing data
Hot twi on twi action. I might just be okay with this.
03that's just closing the program
03::P
03*:P
10Didn't make a difference anyway
00,10macic missles
LE GASP! The Rainbow Dash and Fluttershy hoodies are back in stock at Welovefine! :O
How come there's only one pony?
This seems silly
I found the problem, I derped my internets :p
00,10one pony per team
I fixed it though\
ah.
00,10it's a modified saxton
Never heard of it
I should be dead, probably
Wrek stop burning!
I don't want to see Twilight getting shot!
oh god, I can now see all teh anthro twilight fans squeeing in ... whatever, just squeeing
00,10Twi on twi.......I am strangly ok with that
Wrek don't forget to taunt :p
Sumica cause the fun will be doubled?
RyunosukeKnT: i can hear the clops from a hundred miles away
I wish they could mod it so she wasn't running on two legs
dat heavy
14uhm
^
14someone wants to ban males from pissing while standing
14o.o
I feel like I'm watching furries trying to murder one another
Oh yeah. I just remebered. I have to go to a 4 year olds birthday on Sunday :|
yaaaay :|
Ponies47: awww :(
Still a PARTY
Ponies47: Neice or nephew, I assume?
killerpony7733: I'm 14 and my mom is making go to a birthday for a 4 year old.
11,01What modded game mode is this?
Sting, I think... that has been done already.... Do NOT ask how I know this other than Reddit
DocSane: Cousin
00,10either twi dont do much damage or heavy is very op in this
Ponies47: So, wish your cousin a happy birthday and bring a Gameboy if you get bored.
heaavy does massive damage
Ponies47 being 14 doesn't mean you can't have nephew
00,10crash
lol game derp
Ponies47: Or an iPod. Or any of the myriad things you probably own to stave off boredom.
DocSane: I don't even know where my game boy's are. I have an IPod but I got nothing on it. :P
I keep wanting to know what's on that poster
Ponies47: You've got a few days to remedy that. There are plenty of free games if you don't feel like shelling out a buck or two.
Anotherguy: True. But I know I'm gonna be so bored
11,01Yay Twi Wrek
10so I checked out a book about Bermuda travelling at the library today
DocSane: Yh no. THis is an Ipod shuffle. You know the really tiny 1 that doesn't have a screen at all. :(
10in one section, it recommends places to visit
(What kind of 14-year-old has nothing on his iPod? It's unnatural.)
*uh
03inb4 HML's bedroom
or twi is just a medic
alexxm: no fluttershy is the medic..
twi is soldier
00,10mfw I just tryed to respond using my push to talk to wrek.
lol
Shamroc but twi had the medics taunt
12random Viri o-o
but wrek isnt saying anything
DocSane: I did. But my mom put Lady Gaga garbage on it so I deleted all of it.'
alexxm: yet a cow mangler and shovle
14o.o
Ponies47: I'm sure you will survive your ordeal and emerge stronger for it.
14I have the link
14but I thought that it's better if I don't post it xD
10'iStore - This store is crammed full with a wide array of Mac and iPod gadgets and accessories. Technical support is also offered.'
14not because is NSFW or anything
12good idea
10I lol'd
DocSane I don't even have a iPod
03ew
10I'm going to troll HML with that when he comes back on
dat pinkie
00,10pinkie!
11,01What was that last match?
Anotherguy: I thought kids these days are awash in gadgets to stave off any hint of boredom.
10Who would want to visit an Apple store on vacation anyway?
DocSane: I'M pretty sure I'll die of boredom. I could care less about this party and I won't partake in any cake. :|
/me brbs for dinner
12bai Sky
lol i see what you did there...
Oh god luna
00,10luna
DocSane I live in a farmland what you expect me to have?
03somebody who broke their Macbook and can't live a day without it
Because the cakes my family buys taste awful! :|
/me hides
i wonder how they make the ponies look good
11,01What is with the ponies?
00,10ever seen a Saxton map nitt?
Anotherguy: What, you have no stores or electricity where you are?
11,01No.
Nittany_Discord: Because ponies are awesome :)
00,10they are like boss mobs
Luna looks like a horrible abomination
DocSane: Electricity? Yes
Stores? Yes
BOINK BONK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Money? NO
Ponies47: You could always, you know, join in for your cousin's sake and help him/her to have fun.
eldritch abomination
11,01So extra CPUs enemies in the game?
TAKE ON ME
Ah yeah!!!!!!
DocSane: Yeah right. I hate my cousin so much. :|
00,10luna seems to have a map wide fear
Dadadadadaddadada
Nittany_Discord nope players ahve control
Ponies47: You hate a 4-year-old? What could they have done to you?
11,01So what do the ponies do?
TAKE ON ME
00,10depends on the pony
TAKE ME ON
TAKE NYAN
DODODO DOOOOOOOOO
00,10this time wreks team has Tia
DocSane: Long story short. My mom's brother his wife his 17 year old son and soon to be 4 year old daughter lives in our basement. She's so annoying. :|
lol celestia
00,10vs Luna
Hello
11,01What's the role of the pony then?
Hye GarrettBrony :)
*hey
medic called the hot and erotic trixie lol
/me takes on him
Nittany_Discord just basically be big melee damage
Nittany_Discord support and get kills
11,01K.
00,10pony is a realy strong player
MMMMEEEEDDDDIIIICCCC!
kill it with fire!!!!!!!!!!
TF2 rotoscoped
wtf booooooooomm
KA-BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
Ponies47: If they're living in your basement, they must be in a pretty bad way. Try to keep that in mind.
builden the scentary
03bbl exam...
Visit a Mediz
O_O
Medic*
was that Wreky talking?
lol deadly disease
F-ing music
00,10Yeah prince-lemon
00,10errrrrr Panda
JUST A SMALL TOWN GIRL
LIVING IN ALONELY WORLD
Sumica: O_O that cant be his real voice
/me 11,01dusts Panda
DocSane: No. It was my mom's idea. THey came from a diffrent country and she thought it would be a good idea for them to live with us in a single floor 3 bedroom 3 bathroom house with a basement. This house is not that big. :(
/me is dusted
00,10nah he kidnaped a homeless man and is making him talk for em
Nittany_Discord: You love dustings ponies don't you? :)
11,01I do.
i heard rainbow's!!!
00,10well I guess we know what tia's power is now
Ponies47: Even so, I doubt they like living in a basement.
Im not really liking this cover
how many pony people are playing TF2?
DocSane: They don't. My mom says there saving for a place to live. That's bull(squee). They keep buying stuff that they don't need. :|
thank you Nittany_Discord
kicks me cause of reserved slot, damnit
11,01No problem Panda
gotta move that gear up Wrek
Chrysalis: :(
00,10wth was that
RAGEQUIT
00,10he got kicked
so what did you guys think of alien3
Ugh alien 3
alexxm Out of this world
BLEH
uberhaxornova: you broke the rules !!!!!!!!!!:[
alexxm: Came in late. Didn't see the whole thing so. Meh
how bad was it RustyMeat
11,01The Alien franchise seemed to jump the shark at 2.
Ponies47: In any case, having to attend your cousin's birthday party isn't the end of the world. It's a few hours from one Sunday.
Hey guys im back. Whatde I mss?
00,10yeah it ended with 2 realy
The start of alein3 is fucking dumb
absolutly everything:(
hey sagas what have you been up to
sloppy writing all around
Ponies47: Trust me on this: in life, there are much worse family events you'll be required to attend. At least this one will most likely have ice cream and cake.
hey no cussing about ponies!!!!!
alexxm: Well I came on during the anime stream, but I cant enjoy it when its in jap and I have to read so I left
DocSane: True. true. Let's not talk about my problems anymore. I will get mad if we keep talking about them.
aliens should have been the end i mean ripley couldn't really grow any more as a character
Ponies47: One last word of advice: life's too short to waste your time getting mad about things like this.
Ponies47 Watch what you say to random people. They might have wisdom to share.
DocSane: True.
/me hoofs Ponies47 a cider.
Anotherguy: This is why. I'm cutting it right now
Ponies47: Looks like ya need it. :)
*Takes cider* Thansk GilDash :)
/me is soooooo distracted atm
GilDash i think i got some apple cider in the fridge here possibly :D
killerpony7733: I've got some downstairs. :)
oh wait is this skrillix
or did i drink it a long while ago... can't remember :D
I wish I could tell everybody I know I'm a brony :'( It would make things easier
Panda: distracted on what?
sagas: talkking to like 200 different people
Anotherguy: My opinion is to just do it. It does feel better
Panda JARATE!
Anotherguy: I know that feel.
/me hugs Anotherguy.
Panda: yep thatll do it
Ninjazz: huh?
what happend to ponies?:'(
/me hugs Anotherguy
Panda, that's what it is called.
Aww GilDash, Aww sagas
JARATE!
:)
Ninjazz: jarate? in what language?
Wrek: why you being a peeping tom :D
hello everypony
Anotherguy: I went to the store today and I looked at the pony toys. If I could do that. You can tell everypony in your family. *hugs* :)
Panda, I have no idea. Supposed to be a mix of jar and karate. Don't ask me how it makes sense.
Cause it don't.
Ninjazz: hm.... i will not take your word on it then
I am the lovable Prick :[
Ponies47 I'm always looking at the pink part now
Ninjazz: You never make sense, silly filly. :p
*Hugs Prick*
GilDash, I don't? But I try to hard to. :(
DAT HEADSHOT
Anotherguy: Do it filly. Tell everypony you know that your a brony!
/me snuggles Ninjazz.
DO IT!
Ninjazz: I love you anyway. :)
Ponies47 But it can go wrong
^-^
Hello everypony :)
Sakari: Holla! :)
Ha I didnt even realize the stream started up again!
Hello there, Sakari.
BRB ALL
Cya soon.
hurry back, Panda
Anotherguy: Where here for you. The day I told my mom I was one. I had everypony here in the chat helping me. :)
Panda: You're not going to the shop again? :D
who's this... panda?
hey Sakari hows your day been
I feel this is what he did last time
05>this music: skrillex
05>gtfo
GilDash: no... someone is gonna pop my TF2 cherry XD
Hey alexxm ! pretty good
Wrek: why would I do that?
11.•10«11WB10 (Drake10) 11WB10»11•. 10- As long as you clean up after him then sure
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
BOOM HEADSHOT
Ponies47 Well, I already sing pony/brony music outloud, it must count for something
Ponies47: How did it go?
Panda|TF2: I'm... not gonna touch that one. :D
GilDash: XD
Anotherguy: Ever been asked about were you heard it?
sagas: What?
Spy is spy !!!!!!!
SPY! :o
Ponies47: Telling your mom
Ponies47 They don't care, actually :'(
do you like mah sword
A scott with a samurai sword...
sagas: That was a while ago. But she's cool with it. No she was HAPPY I was watching somthing like My Little Pony insted of bad stuff. :)
Anotherguy isn't that a good thing
how did the demoman go fro m
Ponies47: Ha you just never told her about the bad stuff :D
alexxm depends
Chek yourself before you Wrek yo'self
alexxm: exterminate
how did the demoman go from explosives expert to melee specilaist
HE IS THE ONE!
what do you mean Anotherguy
There can be only one!
/me 11,01dusts Ponies47
Anotherguy: If I could tell my mom. You can tell everypony else. Start small. That's what I did. You'll get laughed at but you'll get use to it. I don't care if other ponies laugh at me anymore.
alexxm: Having no reaction at all is worse than having a bad one I guess
oh come on, wait until someones attacking where im defending THEN DC me for ping
Ponies47: Da motha is da key
:D
sagas: Maybe I do look at bad stuff maybe I don't :$
11,01What if people laugh at you?
sagas how so
Is dusted by Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord: Laugh back.
alexxm If I'm ponying, I don't want anybody to see. But if I'm sharing kindness, I DO want.
Ponies47: .. that is a yes. :D
11,01He was just worried about ponies =p
Ponies47: It the internet. Everybody does
Ponies47: either "No" or perhaps.. perhaps not :D
Ponies47 Thanks
yesyesyesyesyes:)
SO MANY PINGS! 6_9
Airpuff: Teh he :$
well Anotherguy if your mum didn't react that means she doesn't care your a brony
Ponies47: :D
Gnight everyone. :)
Night night Ninjazz|Night :)
alexxm she doesn't know what a brony is
bye Ninjazz|Night
Ninjazz|Night: G'night. :)
alexxm: Well I guess having the people you care about show no care or curiousity about what something you really care about can be disheartening
Good night Ninjazz|Night :)
alright Anotherguy
good point sagas
alexxm: They dont care enough about you to be interested in something unique and important in your life
/me glomps sagas
If my brother entered my room and sing "I want to know what brony isssss, I want you to show meeeeee" I would of joy
/me hugs sagas
/me gives Bronysith an affectionate hug
die*
lol tf2
/me and gives alexxm an affectionate hug
When I told my mom. I explanied it all. She didn't laugh at all. She was happy at the fact I was watching My Little Pony. Everypony else I know. Know's I'm a brony. Well except for my dad :$
comeon
well how bad could he take it Ponies47
hello everypony!
hi
Well, come to think of it, my brother like Digimon and he's 17...
My parents were kinda were freaked out by it, but chocked it up to another fad/passing interest. I dont think they know just how much im into this fandom
They just kinda brushed it off
hey Lunaughty hows your day been
Cachi01 didnt show.
oh well. see you guys tomorrow.
04o-o
Well Lunaughty left
But anyway, who's going to watch Zombieland?
bye WallDives
I plan on watching it, even though ive seen it before
i will Anotherguy i've already seen it a few times got it on DVD
alexxm: I'm not sure. Somepony has been trying to help me and trying to get me to convince myself that I don't have to care if poeple laugh at me or not and I should just enjoy life and like what I like. Like they say haters gonna hate. Ponies gonna pwn. :)
I have seen it too
Alright, I am getting tired, and a bit feeling wanting to do something else. Bye everypony, hope to see you later!^_^:)
Bye LoyalDash :)
wait was that a trollface mask :O
LoyalDash: See ya! :)
Bronysith: I see yeah. :0
:)
bye LoyalDash
night guys
1
:);):D:(:O6_9
night alexxm!
alexxm: G'night! :)
/me hugs alexxm
11,01Cotton: No smiley spam.
/me hugs sagas
dat random engi
The movie will be around this hour, right?
Ponies47: People will hate and laugh no matter what we do. So why care what they think and just ignore them.
/me is happy :)
/me 11,01is sagas
2
Nittany_Discord: dirested by M. Night Shyamalan
*directed
11,01I am a twist.
/me twists Nittany_Discord.
I feel like im in Fight Club right now
FUCKIN WREK KILLED ME!
sagas: What's the first rule? :|
Nittany_Discord do you have a plot?
FairysHuff: Yeah. If I could walk into the store and go into the pink part and look at pony toys then I could do more stuff like that. I didn't buy any I just looked. THe day I buy pony toys I wanna have a pony shirt on :)
GilDash: Fuck it there are no more rules!
Well, anyway, my time has come. Goodbye my fellow bronies. May your journey bring you many goods
11,01Chrysalis: No. I have a butt.
as in plot twist
10o-o
14o-o
duh, what are you thinking of :P
sagas: Let's break *all* the rules! :)
04o_O
Ponies47: If anyone asks you, just say your buying it for a sister or daughter
Anotherguy: G'night! :)
Hello everypony.
ZappyTheUnicorn: Holla! :)
GilDash: Who knows what crazy shenanigans could come of that! I like it
11,01Hi Zappy
/me hugs ZappyTheUnicorn
Hi GilDash and Nittany_Discord.
sagas: Shenanigans is such a funny word. We should totally do it. :D
Ponies47: Rules number 1. Never ever say your a peadophile ^_^
/me hugs sagas back.
3
Ponies47: But I joke ^_~
/me whispers in ZappyTheUnicorn ear "missed you"
12Hai
So...how is everypony.
/me 11,01dusts ZappyTheUnicorn
sagas: ...wat?
FairysHuff: Don't joke about that. That's a good rule. :D
ZappyTheUnicorn: Recovering. Yourself? :)
GilDash: So the first rule is that Modas have authority. Fuck the police!
Unahppy. The Fluttershy shirt I wanted has an insane shipping cost attached. So won't be getting it any time soon
lol teams are a bit unbalanced xD
GilDash: Recovering? What happened?
ZappyTheUnicorn: you heard me
sagas: yeah...
ZappyTheUnicorn: Some crappy cold yesterday. Might well have been flu. :S
ZappyTheUnicorn: Then why did you ask what I said
GilDash: That sucks.
sagas: I wouldn't provoke the mods. :D
GilDash: But we gotta break ALL the rules!
GilDash: People will think that of us no matter what we do. People see peadophiles everywhere anyway. Society is paranoid about them thanks to media.
ZappyTheUnicorn: Yeah. Fortunately I've gotten over the worst of it by this morning. :)
FairysHuff: Okie doki loki :)
sagas: What you said and how you said it made me feel uncomfortable... *shrugs*
FairysHuff: It still helps not to shout "I'm a peadophile!" wherever you go. :D
GilDash: This is true ^_^
ZappyTheUnicorn: Oh my apologies then. Strictly plutonic
sagas: That's the only rule I wouldn't break. :$
sagas: Don't worry about it. :)
GilDash: Fine then. Rule 2: Respect other users
music getting boring :|
GilDash: Must... resist... use ... of ... innuendo. GGAAAAH! >_<
GilDash: I no longer respect you
sagas: Oh, are we breaking that one now? ;)
this whole discussion reminds me of Oingo Boingo :p
Rule 34; .....
GilDash: Well Ide say task complete
FairysHuff: Bring it on. You might just get some back. ;)
sagas: Tsk, you'll have to try harder then that. :p
GilDash: Rule 3: Dont post non-image links during streams. cnn.com
buffah
GilDash: http://www.cnn.com/
4
GilDash: Rule 3 complete
sagas: I'm still waiting for a valid breaking of rule no 2. ;)
GilDash: I already did! I said I no longer respect you.
GilDash: You are a worthless human being. Good enough?
sagas: Nope. Try harder. ;)
What exactly is happening here between you two?
GilDash: How much more disrespecting can I get?
oh thank god
FairysHuff: I've no idea. I'm enjoying it though. :D
Hello, everypony!
Chains: Holla! :)
Hi Chains.
hehehe
FairysHuff: We are breaking ALL the rules
sagas: Well, I can think of a few ways. ;)
GilDash: Im trying to be as nice as possible here
5
sagas: How are you supposed to be disrespectful if you're being nice? :p
I know of a great way to disrespect GilDash. Tell him he's a Justin Beiber fan. ^_^
GilDash: You are a miserable cretin. You are a waste of space and resources. Good enough?
FairysHuff: That... that's a horrible thing to say to *anybody.*
Anypony*
Typo.
GilDash: Yes. Yes it is ^_^
Done eating, back to mane chat I return
sagas: You really need to work on that more. :)
GilDash: I think Justin Beiber has more man hood then you
Om goes Om nOm nOm Nom
sagas: OH OUCH! Thats harsh ^_^
GilDash: He is twice the person you will ever be
sagas: ... You may consider me throughly disrespected.
LOL
GilDash: Then Rule 2 is complete
sagas: It is now, yes. :D
sagas: Justin Bieber has more hood than the average person :3
What's Rule 33?
Chains: Yuppers
GilDash: Since I already did rule 3, on to rule 4
08,01so i broke my ankle
08,01or some bones in my foot, i'm not sure
08,01i'm pretty out of it right now
08,01codeine is a wonderful thing
Well, how are you sagas?
08,01fell on my foot
08,01Om: yes, i did it about 3 hours ago
Geez
Chains: Im doing very well. Im being a hard-ass with GilDash by breaking all the rules
sup yall
08,01GilDash: going down a set of steps
Airpuff: He fell xD
sagas: I'm going to paintball on Saturday :) I feel great.
Hello Comet
Hi, Comet.
08,01well, i twisted my ankle and all my weight went on it
bah! i feel pain everyday! random leg cramps, musles start tighting, pretty much my legs are slowing killing me
08,01Airpuff: no, it was just one place
Hello, all
Chains: Aweome! Ive gone a few times but not much. Ive got a job interview tomorrow so that is good news on my end :)
oh and sometimes i cant move my left leg
^
Hello CrushKillDestroySwag.
sagas: Hope you do well in the interview. :) What's it for?
GilDash: A position at Burger King
Shizuka, I know you like your shotgun. But I don't think its the right tool here...
Razorback RazorBack Two Points
Piss! Piss to the face!
/me sets off a car alarm DEWDEWDEWDEWDEWDEWDEWDEWDEW
Om: There's a flaw in your statement...
13it is always the right tool!
Hey there everypony :3
GilDash: Not pleasant huh. And most people just don't understand the level of pain it inflicts.
Hi Polydunami
sagas not the best job but still a job :) i'll cross my fingers for you when you go to the interview
/me DOODEW
Shizuka: .. let me just take that away from you.... :D
08,01i had an icepack
GilDash: There is always a flaw when I speak
08,01but i misplaced it
Hey everypony ^.^
Chicken Nuggets
FairysHuff: I know. Fortunately I haven't had any for 3 years, but when I did, I would go blind. :(
Hey, BroKnee
Hello BroKnee
LOST X Gilligans Island
12._.
sagas: I'm sure you'll do fine. :)
Hey there BroKnee :)
quick question to help with my story: If a cockatrice turened somepony to stone would it make sense if only the one that did undo
killerpony7733: Im just hoping for something thatll pay for the gas in my car
/me 13lowers her glasses
Wow I gotta stiop drinking so much soda. I bouth 8 bottles and I'm already on the 3rd :P
13you lost your cool?
Shizuka: .. omg :D
*Bought
08,01ooooooh
Shizuka: YEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Hello, everypony!
GilDash: Where were we? Rule 4 I believe
sagas: Aye. :D
08,01even in my en-drugged state, i recognised that as apun
GilDash: So touched your penis lately?
GilDash: Mine are a little different. Light and sound cause mine to come on so I can never escape it. Just manage it
dead hi guys
i really like you as a mod now Shizuka T~T that pun was amazing!
Ohai CrushKillDestroySwag :)
Comet, maybe there could be a cockatrice that could override anypony's petrification...
Hi Dark_of_Max
sagas: Tsk, only every day. :D
08,01hehehe
08,01my foot feels funny when i put pressure on it
GilDash: We will continue this later tonight. I gotta get off for now
08,01woop
/me reaches for a bucket of industrial glue
08,01woop
08,01Chains: that's actually industrial horse sp-- wait, yes glue
/me wants to eat BRAINZZZ
FairysHuff: I'd get mine every 5 months pretty much dead. Confusing as hell why I got them. Haven't had any for 3 years now, so I assume I'm out of the clear.
sagas: Well, I'll be here tomorrow. :)
hi /)
...my muscles in my legs are slowing eating themselves
08,01Chains: nothing.
Hi Apple_Bloom (\
GilDash: Ill see you then if not later tonight
K.
08,01sagas: i have no idea what you're talking about
FairysHuff: I only ever used ibuprofen. If I could keep it down. :(
im saying that if somepony was turned to stne for undes of years and the original cockotrice died would the only way to turn him back be with magic?
BRB
sagas: It'll be tomorrow now. :)
LAGY lagy lag lag
Gillysuit is on ery day!
/me puts the "industrial glue" on a 2 x 4
Shoot them all
GilDash: I got Amatryptoline from the doctor. But had to stop as my body was beginning to adjust to it.
08,01sagas: i don't really care about ireland or spain, but no, i don't watch gootgjlal
bye
FairysHuff: What is amydidtysome oline
/me throws the 2 x 4 covered in "industrial glue" at sagas
FairysHuff: I never really got anything. I'd have to take something the moment I saw the aura or I couldn't take it either. I basically had paraceatamol and that was it. :S
has anyone herd of the commet passing by earth? /)^>^(\
^-^
I liek association football :3
Om: It was once used as an anti-depressant but is now used as a painkiller.
Codeine.
Cocaine?
FairysHuff: Are you depressed? Or was it for the painkiller?
...
Medicine is not your strong suit, I see...
Om: I have Fluoxetine for the depression. Amatryptoline works much better as a painkiller.
/me makes the pain go away
Oohhh
Hay
/me stabs chat
And the chat probably bled for being stabbed
Om: What the hay? :O
Many people assume that you can just break yourself out of a depression. What they don't realise is that some of us are phsyically and chemically predisposed to depression. So medication is a must
8,6good evening everypony :)
:$
How's the art, kirz?
Hello kirzstryfe
kirzstryfe: Holla! :)
8,6still working on it
kirzstryfe: hiya
That's good
FairysHuff: its not a must, but it makes it easyer
Oh and hello everypony. I got irc to work in opera because I could
11,01Hi kirzstryfe
Oh hey Samurai_Shippo, are we going to hear an aria sometime in the near future?
I'm wasted on sweet tea ^_^ I wish this sugar rush could last forever
Cypresswolf: :P
Airpuff: Well since starting the Fluoxetine last year my self-harming fantasies and extreme self=loathing have lessened so thats nice ^_^
Only if I'm drinking.
FairysHuff: yeah yeah, it works.. but its not a must in the process of getting better.. Since it is possible to get over it without too :P
Anypony else physced for the Wreck it Wralph movie to come out?
Eventually I'll have a friday where im not playing Magic and join you guys for movies again
im so bad at this game huh?
Panda|TF2: :D
Airpuff: are you seeing me get pwned?
Panda|TF2: a bit :D
Panda|TF2: YOu playing?
Anyways ima join myself soon.. so dw :P
Om: yeah... :( i suck
Airpuff: Thats what I was trying to explain. SOme people become depressed through situations while others like myself are physically predisposed to it. So I will ALWAYS be depressed because of the way my brain in made.
Airpuff: I just have to live with it.
/me splashes a bucket of industrial lubricant all over Nittany_Discord and pushes him down a hill
Panda|TF2: I'll play with you sometime. My fps is bad, so we can suck togather.
11,01Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
:D
Om: wow, reword that please, GilDash will be up on us :D
Youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
FairysHuff: Hehe
Panda|TF2: What?
Oh...
:D!!
oh so this is tf2
Om: yeah.. :D
13horses eat that
Om, Panda|TF2: You know what. :)
-_(\
GilDash: XD
BACK :)
Om face hoof LOL Now that is creative ^_^
:O Windows media player just deleted my MLP playlist :| Dammit VISTA!!!
lol
Om >/)<*
FairysHuff: You never seen one before? =_(\
12lol
ive never played this
FairysHuff: I have no idea what you said xD
GilDash: Nope.
FairysHuff: But it sounded nice so thank you :D
FairysHuff: They've been here for a while now. :D
Om: I said wiggly wiggly woo man jumped in poo
GilDash: Lies! :D
FairysHuff: OOoooh
Airpuff: Me? Lie? Perish the thought! :O
This should be the official facehoof: >/)< | This one ( /)_- ) just looks like you're covering your eye...
GilDash: Lul :D
Quiet.
Chains: I dunno. The one your endorsing seems hard to figure out at first
*Sneezes*
hello?
Panda|TF2: I think it is far to late to rephrase now :$
FairysHuff: Emphasis on at first?
Ohai brony_Tayen :)
Ponies47: Bless you
Hello brony_Tayen
hey
Chains: Why fix what ain't broke?
/me sneezes
At least It's all backed up in external hardrive - dodged that bullet
FairysHuff: Thank you :)
GilDash: Because it looks bad.
Gives Chains a tissue
Chains: If you hadn't explained it I wouldn't have known it was a face hoof.
Thank you.
FairysHuff: Oh... :(
/me blows his nose
WHAT THE HELL?
MY PING WAS TOO HIGH?
HOW THE HELL?
umm sorry but i wanted to share this
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/original/000/109/440/130093409440.gif?1301345726
Panda|TF2:
is k
:) Calming down a bit - but that scared the hell out of me for a moment :D
Panda|TF2: PING!
i thought it was funny
Hey guys.
Om: :( i got kicked
Hello SweetieDictionary
Om: :|
Hey SweetieDictionary :)
Panda|TF2: :[
still_new_brony: Awesome
Panda|TF2: Why? :(
Panda|TF2: lol wrong emote still works
still_new_brony, I'm saving that one for Ninjazz :3
which pony does everyone favor?
:)
mines Fluttershy
Celestia
Applejack
*A picture of a chicken sitting in Fluttershy's mane* "Why is Scootaloo in a tree?"
Twilight Sparkle
-_(\ Just practicing my face hoof emote ^_^
Airpuff: :P
fluttershy is favorite but teilight is best
twilight**
FairysHuff: >/)< *
/me snuggles Airpuff.
Chains: =_(\
Celestia is best pony :3
ALL PONIES ARE BEST PONY PERIOD! :[
Chains: Sorry chains but I prefer the other one ^_^
/me looks at GilDash and Airpuff "D'awww"
Ponies47: Amen
6_9
FairysHuff: Balls to you, sir.
/me hugs GilDash :)
wait, Trolestia is not best pony
Luna would be
No no no, CELESTIA.
/me 's RP-detector begins to beep
T_T
Yes, I am...
Bull shit, Celestia can suck it,
Chains: Promises promises. Where are these prophesied balls of which you speak good sir? ^_^
i will be back tomorrow i was just checking out this site and i like
it
Zappy|Meatloaf: eeyup :) BTW why are you Meatloaf? Cooking one or somthing? :$
kirzstryfe: :D
Bye everypony
later
kirzstryfe: Damn, it was *one* hug man. :D
byee
...
Ponies47: eating meatloaf for dinner. :D
/me noms on Gildash
Fuck that.
Bye brony_Tayen
I had steak for dinner, it was tasty
GilDash: Rough times :D
Balls to who?
Zappy|Meatloaf: mmmmm. Meatloaf *drools*
Who's streamin'?
Ponies47: :D
kirzstryfe: Anywhere in particular? ;)
Anypony watch Prison Break?
i feel changed since getting into mlp... but im afraid to tell friends im into it
Zappy|Meatloaf: Meatloaf is goodd :)
Ponies47: DAMMIT! Now I want food. DAMN YOU ^_^
*good
8,6wherever I feel like :p
No? k.
kirzstryfe: And you said your RP sensor thingy was beeping?! :D
FairysHuff: To bad! :D
kirzstryfe: I'm not going to stop you. ;)
Samurai_Shippo http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m57xfjL3zj1r5ykii.png
kirzstryfe: I can only imagine the question you're answering...
Ponies47: eeyup.
Nice Poly
Panda|TF2: :D
11,01kirzstryfe's tasty text!
8,6I'm still imagining how you haven't gotten kicked off the channel yet, though if it happens before the end of movie night I win the pool
Lol
k.
I still have the deleted song in my external hard drive but they wont play, but at least I have the names so I can download them again...wonder what happened, they worked last time I listened to my pony list
kirzstryfe: Believe you and me, I've no idea myself. :D
http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/23400000/princess-luna-as-a-filly-my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-23433226-500-437.png
13vivi!!!!
Ohai Vivi :3
AU were you born in year of horse?
/me 11,01hugs VioletVanilla
Panda|TF2: Yeah!
:D
/me 13pounces liebe vivi <3
/me hugs everypony~
Om: :) shut up
Who's streaming?
Panda|TF2: NEVER!
This is Wrek, I believe
/me hugglez with VioletVanilla
Hugs VioletVanilla back :)
/me hugs VioletVanilla.
13Rooster >w>
well im gonna go, just wanted to share that gif
you get the weapons of the person you're disguised as
Balls to you, Wrek.
here is link again
http://s3.amazonaws.com/kym-assets/photos/images/original/000/109/440/130093409440.gif?1301345726
does anyone else ever see stuff at work and go, "Gee I'm going to look that up at home" then get home and forget what the hell it was
Wrek: you get the weapons of the person you're disguised as
Is Ninjazz around yet?
prince-lemon: Always there to keep us updated with EQD! :)
06<3
Polydunami: He's gone to bed mate.
06Everypony enjoying the stream?
Yeah?
Anypony know if Pwah has been on today?
VioletVanilla: indeed
VioletGreySha: Sure thing :)
D'aww... D'AWWWWW... Holy S:OT that's cute! Holy F:OK!!!!!!
oops
Angel Umbrea
Chains, dat link
ooops sorry VioletGreySha :(
there is a stream?
I just wander my dumb drunk ass in here
Ponies47: :P
Samurai_Shippo: Yes, a few time a week, but mostly from the radio :)
I've been isolated from ponies for a while now.
Angel Umbreon
VioletGreySha: I just derped :P
06VioletGreySha~
Born Year of the C*ck
06c;
Seems legit
/me RUN
ah
Is Om a color?
12there should be a cow year
Who's streaming? Wrek?
I should go to the web site more. I nearly kraped my pants when I saw the redesign
Yeah
Chains: Yes
/me 11,01colors Om
Wrek!
Heya!
:3
hallo VioletVanilla :3
Woo!
I've been turned off from EQD :S
/me throws a raisin at Nittany_Discord's cat
/me hears squidward on the stream~
I go to that site daily. Just for the comics
I like the comics
and fics,
http://www.usbridalguide.com/special/chinesehoroscopes/Ox.htm
and beer
OX, close enough?
.
12maaaybe
Polydunami: I just can't keep up with it. It's exausting.
thank you Nittany_Discord :3
12but thats like saying rooster = year of the chicken
O.o
12and chickens are sinful
Panda|TF2: Wrek says sorry! :P
well eh
Lol orly
12SINFUL CREATURES
I eat chickens for meals `\(°.o)/´
Ponies47: i know :D i still hate his guts though
12good person =D
Right, I should probably go for the night.
When is movie night? :s
hiya guys I'm back
G'night all! :)
Panda|TF2: :O
nononono
BroKnee: tomorrow night, 7 pm EST
Goodnight GilDash :3
good night GilDash :P
night GilDash sleep well
GilDash: Sleep well GIllysuit!
Goodnight GilDash
Night GilDash. Hello otakon.
Night night GilDash have a good night :)
i'm not that good actually
And hey there otakon :3
otakon: It saws it started 3 min ago :S
/me hugs GilDash goodnight
Ohai otakon :)
Orly
http://i.imgur.com/PeoNg.jpg
so what's up guys?
Going to sleep see you all tomorrow :)
Chat got quiet. :'(
night Sakari sleep well
Night night Sakari :)
sandvinch
Why does it say "Friday Movie night 5 minutes ago"? :s
WHERE WHERE! I WANT THE SANDVICH! :o
12I had toast for breakfast
13I mean, hi c:
I once stabbed myself with a wrench.
HAHA
Yeouch
BroKnee: it doesn't, it says in 23hr yadda yadda
13I just ate all of an angel cake which was just bought today
Hey AE let's go somewhere private :3
/me RUN.
Chains: the hell do you stab yourself with a wrench?
ohohohohho
12whoa
12get off her
12she's mine
otakon For me it says 5 minutes ago O.o
12>:/
Hee
Yeah, in less than 24 hours
13;D
13there's enough of me to go around, ladies~
but GIRLS CAN't LOVE GIRLS
GIRLS CAN't LOVE GIRLS
GIRLS CAN't LOVE GIRLS
Ladies?
/me hides
/me checks pants
I'm a guy
Think I'll skip the Zombieland stream. I recently saw it a few months ago. ~_~ Is sad
12BUT A BACKWARDS LATTÉ CAN
It's 6:07 PM here :)
13You're a lady now ;3
otakon: I was holding a wrench, and a guy was like "hey press V to do a special!" But apparently V is the panic button.
Okay
ALL THAHT LADIES
11.•10«11WB10 (Drake10) 11WB10»11•. 10- As long as you clean up after him then sure
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
And I stabbed myself.
Hi Drake
MY BODY IS NOT READY
Imma lady
13LMAO
/me lipsticks Drake
O________o
NOW WE'RE BROTHER LADIES
Panda|TF2: play bettah!
FairysHuff: it's funny!
Zombieland is a good movie. I won't be here for Friday movie night but I'll be here for Euro Movie Night. :)
13My sides hurt from laughing ;w;
/me avoids
what the <censored>
Please do not swear. You have said a swear word 17 time(s).
otakon: Yeh but I've seen it 3 times now. I know is inside and out ~_~
XD
<censored>
Please do not swear. You have said a swear word 34 time(s).
13LOL 34
Too much for you to understand :U
13;D
Ponies47: Whats scheduled for euro movienight?
AE you're just bad today
XD
I cannot understantioning!
04I don't want to know
Balls to you, Panda|TF2
12oh it doesn't kick you off anymore
Zombieland was FUNNY. And I think Zombies are hella stupid.
04NS just turned it off
13I AIN'T BAD
You know since I joined bronystate I have never been at a Friday Movie Night :P
Drake just us being silly
13I'M INNOCENT
13c:
*been here
inb4 pure & innocent
oh u
http://i.imgur.com/0fGgA.jpg
You can trigger your own script? Lol
Congratz?
FairysHuff: IDK :$
Chains: I HAVE STUFF TO DO! :[
FairysHuff: Do you have a name backstory? Kind of a creative name.
Is there anypony here that used to have the name pavarkian?
I've been maybe once or twice, Ponies47
Chains, I think he's cowvarkian now
Polydunami: Ty.
00,10why not just use your server wrek.
Polydunami: My brother new him.
Polydunami: I have stuff to do. But during winter I'll be here for most of the Friday Movie Nights :P
hi.
I'm back, everypony
14well
14I'm going to sleep
i can't, but i made another line which monitors what i type in
14good night everyone
13http://i.imgur.com/qKqLd.jpg O_o
Dark92Enigma-: Okie doki loki :)
13goodnight Viri :P
Shizuka: O.o
bai viri~
Shizuka dawwww
/me hug
no endlish
Hello!
/me hugs back :3
Aw.
00,10lan 1 iirc
Kitty! :3
Om: I do but it's not spectacular. I used to say Fair enough alot, then changed it to fairy nough then fairy fluff then fairys muff. The last one some mods didn't like so I changed it to Fairys Huff as I was in a Huff about it and the Idea of a fairy being in a huff brings a very cute mental image ^_^
oshi
12this means
12MAN LADY
ReadThis--: No. I'm not reading it. :(
13OH NO
00,10it's ~
ReadThis--: JK! HI! :D
OU NOUUUUU
13Best of both worlds? ;D
XD
12damn right~
04I imagined that in the Heavy's voice
00,10SV_lan
00,10or sk
Ponies....so i've heard you never get to movie night, is that true?
inb4 lati@s
Shizuka: WHY IS THAT SO CUTE!?
and hiys Dark92Enigma-
Ponies47so i've heard you never get to movie night, is that true?
00,10then change map
Ponies47 I derped
13sv_lan 0
Dark92Enigma-: I have stuff to do on Friday. But I'm here for Eruo Movie night :)
13then map yeah
13sumica remembers~
NOPONY TOUCH MY CAR
NOPONY
00,10oh oh can I join wrek?
/me 13wants to jump in too
12lol
JUMP JUM JUMP!
*JUMP
Nopony touch my car D:<
and open ports 27015-27039 tcp+udp and udp 1200
/me touches Chains car
okay ^^
Was just thinking. Is anypony here willing to do some art for me?
If there's anypony I can do a really good voice of is Fluttershy........
I suck at art ~_~
From Shed.Mov :P]
11,01BYGG!
00,10bring your good game?
so can I and im a male
Chains yaaay :)
i mean stallion
My friends say I do that voice perfectly. "HEY HEY HEY! WHAT I TELL Y'ALL ABOUT GOIN' IN MAH SHED?"
CAN I EXPLODE AGIAN!!?! :P
:'(
Wait, can you do that!?
Chains i can do it moderately good too
Chains: I'm really good a it. If I had a mic I would record it. :P
Can you explode twiceÉ
Chains: Is that when your friends have to go chang etheir underwear?
?
*explodes*
Ugh, damn ctrl+shift
eeyup :)
03well
Ponies47: Same. *Pushes my microphone off of my desk* If only.
03that exam weasn't too bad
sv_alltalk?
12how'd it go?
03didn't I just say "wasn't too bad"?
FairysHuff: No. It's when we discuss the clopfics we've read over the weekend.
Chains: Ah. I'll get a mic some time. But mine is really good. :P
12._.
They're pretty colorful :P
If ya know what I'm sayin'.
I've been eyeing a £100 Samson mic.... sooo good. But soooo expensive
FairysHuff: save for it then
13No, you said weasn't too bad :3
/me flees
03XD
FairysHuff: you've got a job don't ya?
Part of this balanced breakfast of brony entertainment and silly fillies!
otakon: I am. And have been for months ^_^ LOL
12LOL
LEG
FairysHuff: damn... MONTHS? What are you a shoe shine?
otakon: And no. I don't have a job.
he means the weasles weren't too bad
12I didn't notice
12LOLOLOLOL *dies*
FairysHuff: well there is your problem
03o.o
otakon: Yuppers.
12weasels XD
noooooo
Shizuka: btw that link you gave to dat picture. It loaded finally and it's making me dawwwwww :P
Eeyup*
12Weasels are awesome
03WEASEL STOMPING DAY?
03Nah, I hate that song
12LOL
otakon: I thought about mugging some NEDs. They always have illgotten money.
12NOPE
http://i.imgur.com/CIr19.png
FairysHuff: same boat here on no job half way tempted to joing the military
12nice
FairysHuff: That is still a nice little name origon xD I just think how those come about is interesting
FairysHuff: NED? isn't that the designation for someone that doesn't have a job and is not in education? technically I'm a NED.
Om: I like cute things is all ^_^
12I just realised I had my headphones on without any music playing O_o
03well duh, most of that dubstep you listen to is just noise, not music
/me hides
12-_-
08,01iiii am a maaaan of constant sorrooow
kill the blue
12wub?
FairysHuff: Nthing at all wrong with that xD
good evening everyone :D
wubstep
08,01Om: no, a ned is a chav
Evening Dken2021
08,01but ned is scottish
Ohai Dken2021 :)
12X3
08,01er, otakon, even
BRB :)
I wanna post vid links :(
08,01a chav is basically an english hillbilly
um sattern why are your letters yellow
08,01Flutterchu: because i'm on drugs
I see Wrek is playing tf2 still.
03LOL, Promo Only is stupid
Chains: ask the streamer if you can
03their track numbers are all wrong
12Believe it or not, I ACTUALLY MISS the dial-up tone
hey everypony. :)
otakon: In a sense yes. But it's quite different. NEDs here are the ones that stand on street corners, harassing people, wearing sports clothing they couldn't possibly afford, tucking their trousers into their socks and getting drunk and occassionally dealing drugs.
So, what's wrek trying to do?
oh, it's Wrek
hai TheRareP0N3!
SHADDAP
12and that's completely unrelated
08,01otakon: i've just been listening to music
/me stops being a lady
Hello TheRareP0N3
nononono
12O____o
playing fallout 3. :)
that's highly relevant
08,01music tastes of green
FairysHuff: oh, well I'd mug them too the ponces
12I love chiptunes too
otakon: Yup ^_^
12Oh, and progressive rock
that's highly relevant too
:p
12Ever heard of Tool?
08,01pony21035: funnily enough, i've currently consumed enough opiates to kill a small elephant
Wrek: your arm is seethrough on thr right side
otakon: They are cowards when not in large groups. Which they always are >_>
yes
08,01i hurt my ankle rather badly
don't liek
are any of you buffering
12My dad likes it
08,01and they were like, "here, have this codeine"
12he's 33
Flutterchu: not really no, and my internet is powered by hamsters... MILLIONS OF HAMSTERS LIKE THE KND TREEHOUSE!
08,01yeah, honestly, i've actually taken under the recommended dose
08,01because i'm wary of medicines
08,01well, certain medicines
03that's really young o_O
Good call.
^
hah
08,01FairysHuff: oh no, not at all; i quite like being alive, thank you
Dammit, I'm jealous of ScootaChicken now :|
12he's on Steam, too.
I want fairies :(
08,01Flutterchu: because i'm a mod
12thats kinda epic
08,01wait
12:D
12:3
08,01i just realised
12Chime disagrees
08,01does this channel have rockers too?
08,01i feel like it should
12screw him
/me shuns
...Rockers?
08,01otakon!
03I know LL wants to
03I mean hi
!cd
12oh I'd...nvm
Next episode air time is unknown.
like a rocking chair?
08,01you're now a rocker
12darn Danny D:
12he's also got two electric guitars and a bass~
who me
like @Tom?
Polydunami wants me!? Someone call the police! SEXUAL HARASSMENT! O_O
Rocker.
Geuss whos back
08,01no, mods and rockers... maybe this was a british thing...
Back :)
hai [SWAG]Haku
08,01in the 60s, there were the mods and rockers
12LOL
12and awesome :D
08,01the mods were basically emos
08,01and the rockers were basically goths
Wait, I wanted to hang out with fairies, not... that... :S
08,01and the mods rode around on scooters
08,01vespas
hah
08,01and they fought each other
Oh god, hibernation is not as fun as you think it is
13going ciaoooooo
08,01i'm not even making this up
seeya shizu
Vespa... wasps?
.
13whoosh
What did you say
08,01http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mods_and_Rockers
not the BEES(FLCL)
um how do you reply
Bye Shizuka
Bai Shizuka
13look out tf2, here comes shizu~
12tehe
Is this what you say when I leave? >:U
My ratings on the .movs Apple.mov: Good Dress.Mov: meh could of been better Shed.Mov: O_o Magic.Mov: Good but to long. :)
good morning everypony
Polydunami: Wait what? Am I not good enough for you to sexually harass? Is that it? O_o
13you are all silly fillies... i am not going anywhere
Shizuka: Okie doki loki :)
13you all missed the eddie izzard reference, and that makes me a sad shizu :<
next up party.mov
Hmmm, TF2?
Seems fun
I think you're confused. I don't do things without consent.
Flutterchu: That's what the next one is called?
^_^ Alright! I just got my new custom blind bag set in the mail
12Don't deny the awesome
08,01Dken2021: i have no idea what that is, but probably
yep
Cypresswolf: :o
Shizuka: Oh...sorry :(
sweet
08,01Shizu is italian now
TF2 is good. *joins*
08,01or maybe i'm itlalian
Polydunami: Now you've gone and completely derailed my comedy train ^_^ Thanks.
08,01okay
08,01wait
08,01everyone is now italian
08,01taht is all
mama mia!
I don't know how to be Italian :S
*Tries to join* But remebers his computer is to slow and old for TF2. :'(
12dA just derped o3o
Cool dad yes
11,01Wrek: I'll join in 30 mins
PASTA?
Haku is-a lika, how you a say, like Mario
08,01Dken2021: what, italians?
03>implying dA ever doesn't derp
03>also using that face in same sentence
its a ma, Haku
03are you TRYING to kill me?
Germany, Germany, HELP~~~~
What is going on down thar in the stream?
TF2
Oh my
wait, you said italians, not italy
No thanks I had lunch already :)
It's the Cutie Mark Crusaders Bridesmaids! YAY!
Haku isnt watching much
italians?
/me eats some spaghetti
/me makes some parmesan chicken
08,01Reikim: implying that otakon is grubby and oafish?
o3o
I'll try to join...if that's okay.
sorry bronies, my little brother wanted me to watch figure it out with him
But wait it's almost 6:30 PM so that means it's almost dinner time *Tummy rumbles*
lol
kidzrul434 is that some kind of show?
Dken2021 yes, yes it is
Sweetie Belle looks great - Scootaloo next :)
So I probably should have asked what the hell they're doing.
waaait you are playing dodge ball ?
General Tso's Chicken!
Soo...what are they doing? Because I'm confused.
What's showing for movie night tommorow? i'll be up Saturday morning at 7 my time to see the movies if it's good.
Wrek ever thought of streaming some Serious sam sometime?
12LOL
12nope
R-Dash5000 check the homepage
http://i.imgur.com/CIr19.png
Well, thats it for Haku's small vist
Haku has some N64 to play now
So ggod. sSo fake
08,01Reikim: with a killer beard
cya people
08,01rawr
08,01dat otakon
ooh, we seeing Zombieland? yay!
why wrek leave the room :(
Bye [SWAG]Haku :)
:D
Panda|TF2: Cuse you scary
[SWAG]Haku: take care
Om: I am?
Panda|TF2: Not in the slightes
Who here is a big girly man? Apart from me ^_^
Seriously, someone fill me in here.
I'm not big :S
12stupid 500 error
/me raises big girly hand @ FairysHuff
Reikim: what you mean?
FairysHuff i'm not :D
Well. I aint manly?
otakon so you have baby face now?
I have no idea what they are doing
Dken2021: basically
Reikim: me neither
I'm only 12. Pretty young for a brony, right?
I guess
R-Dash5000 young but not that bad
*is full of squee* :)
*Stares at empty box of Wonka Bottle Caps* :(
me too
Bronysith: Please fill me in on what the hell we're doing
Good. Im glad I'm not the only non-manly man here ^_^ I hate football. Just sayin.
/me pokes Cypresswolf to see if he squees
*squee*
:D
7:30/6:30c/4:30p nao.
we are chatting while we are wathing some dude play tf2
Hey everypony.
Hey Princess_Molestia :)
FairysHuff: My take is that putting on a Tim Tebow Jersey and going to a Stadium is not any different from dressing up like Captain Kirk and going to a convention center.
XD
brb, I need to find a place of my over crowded pony shelf
Hi, Princess_Molestia
Bronysith: LOOKS WHO'S HERE! :D
Well if it isn't our faveorite molester.
Randomnerd: I have no idea who that first person is. A footballer I assume?
*squee*
well thats enough of that >.>
hmm
I squee alot and I mean alot! :)
11,01Time to jump in.
:( I suck at this game
So this is...rocket tennis.
Hello everypony
Panda: Pratice malkes perfect :)
Randomnerd: Ah I see....... *Eyes glaze over* ^_^
11,01Hi Spriggals
well got a fanfic to write ill still chat
Hey there Spriggals :3
Panda: Its okay panda, you don't have to be good.
Ponies47: :(
Hi, Spriggals
Om: but... i wanna, you know... be as good as the mods at SOMETHING xD
Panda: I can't even paly the game because my computer is to slow :(
hai Spriggals
Ponies47: well i have good news for you ^^
Ohai Spriggals :)
Panda: LE GASP! :o
Panda: You will have to suffer though, and play it lots.
/me 11,01dusts Spriggals
Dusts Nittany_Discord
Om: i know... and its wierd, this is the first PC shooter that im really bad at :(
/me 11,01is dust-free
Ponies47: you can still watch ponies on a low end computer
lawl
Panda: I'm not good at any games so just be happy you are at something xD
I grew tired of TF2 after playing 700 hours of it.
Panda: Yeah but there's so much lag it happens here to :(
^_^ Had to remove some anime figures, but the CMC have thier space - :| Just wait til I get my display cases next week ^_^ I'll have oodles of space for hundreds more ponies *maniacal laugh*
Om: well you are good at being a Om
boom
Cypresswolf: PONIES!
I need to get some pony toys :(
Cypresswolf: O_O
and some shirts :(
*will conquer the world with PONIES*
Panda: Huza? ._.
Ponies47: you and me both... the only mc donnalds near me... i think ill get jumped :(
7:40/6:40c/4:40p.
All I want is a giant Fluttershy plushie. I'd be happy with that
FairysHuff: Buck yeah.
I want an RD plushie:'(
Om: huzzah, the Om has been doubled!
Panda: It...Haz?
What is up with the Joystick?
Panda: There's a bunch of stores a couple of blocks away from me. I went over there today to pick up some soda and I may have gone into the pink part of the store :$
Om: yes it has
I would be happy with A plushy
Panda: Where?
Hmm...what pony to look for next :|....
Ponies47: well... i currently live in the ghetto :( so...
i want a fluttershy plushie
Om: right here :)
Ponies47: So long as you weren't carrying some candy and an evil grin ^_^
Om: :D
Panda: You arent an Om!?
CHANGELING!
Panda: Yikes. :(
Om: i am now :)
Ponies47: i know :(
/me is scared of Omself
Om: :D its ok
:'(
FairysHuff: I just looked at the pony toys just alot of Canterlot stuff. :P
you know ill just wait till Nittany_Discord streams and ill play that moon game with him ^^
Well, I'm running out of ponies I dont already have :O This could be big problem
brb im hungry ^^
yeah you could panda
2fort in a nutshell....
So, how is everypony?
panda: NO YOU ARENT!
Ponies47: Yeh but I can guarantee you security was watching you through the cameras. ^_^ I used to work in retail. Thats the sort of thing they look for.
name a pony, someone, need ideas
Darth Ponyith
FairysHuff: Hmm. I DON'T CARE! :D
Princess_Molestia: Coant complain.
FairysHuff: Beside I only looked for like a min then bought my soda and left :P
Ponies47: Good. You shouldn't care. You weren't doing anything wrong ^_^ And thats the important part.
Om: wait what?
panda: Hmm?
I havent seen a Darth Pony in months...:| Challenge Accepted
Om: you said i wasnt hungry :(
FairysHuff: I just looked. Yeah there where alot of workers this 1 old lady looked at me like WTF? O_o But I don't care. I wasen't doing anything wrong I was just looking at MLP toys :P
panda: You arent?
chatting and working on a fanfic is hard
Would someone be willing to do artwork for my custom pony? I suck at anything artistic. ~_~
May have been a comission
Where's my checklist....
Om: i am :( but roomie is cooking for all us
panda: Then why did you say were werent?
Om: wait what????????
panda: You really arent making any sense.
not many ponies I can think of that I dont have...already got my top 10 filled, maybe a break from ebay is required...
Om: you are confusing me :(
I can literally see tangable confusion and miss-communication forming between Om and Panda ^_^
panda: What?
Cypresswolf: Yes maybe you should take a break from Eaby :)
FairysHuff: I haz teh paowah
*Ebay
/me f2k Andre Previn / London Symphony Orchestra - The Planets: Venus, The Bringer Of Peace (4chFLAC@2411kbps, 152.36mb/8:49)
Ehbay
Apparently gay has been slang'd into awesome
When did this happen
Also hi LL~
Ponies47: Ah! Seconded, I like that! It's settled then, I'll stay off ebay for awhile and give the other ponies a chance at the custom auctions :)
7
Om ! STOP CONFUSING <E!
ME*
12hai
the capping SO MUCH CAPPING
panda: but...What are you talking about :(
panda: But you were born to be confused. Isn't that a contradiction?
2 months down, 4 months to go.
12o_o
R-Dash5000: Till the completion of your robot death army of ponies?
>VioletVanilla ist the best pony of all~
/me wholly agrees
12So... gay has gone from happy, to homosexual, to stupid, to awesome?
12interesting
ROBOT UNICORN! O_O
No, It's 3-4 months until season 3.
ATTACK!
Sorry. That just popped into my head
10!pokemon
Now if there's anything about me you wanna know I'm not an evil pony! *Eyes turn red* *Teeth become really sharp*
Skylands, you are a Kakuna.
Needs more Hanel Messiah
Handel**
MORE COWBELLS!
Hahahaha
!pokemon
Nick, you are a 7Skuntank.
Cypresswolf: I see.
/me laugh and point at Sky
its at this moment
R-Dash5000: Aw.. thats a shame. I was looking forward to you taking over the world. Now I'm bummed >_>
I realise this script hates me :\
!pokemon
Ponies47: from July last year to now
I will try once more
Dummmmmmmmmmm
and if I dont get something good
!pokemon
I will never use it again (lie of course)
!pokemon
Nick, you are a 12Marill.
>:3
Chiken
Cypresswolf: Okie doki loki
not too bad but I coulda used blaziken D<
10!pokescram
Scrambled word is "ignadrk". To guess at what the word is type !pokeguess (Your guess here). Type !pokehint, !pokehint2 or !pokehint3 for a hint.
10!pokeguess kingdra
That's correct! Great job Skylands! You now have 4115 Points.
Hur
10!pokemon
Skylands, you are a 3Eevee.
10:O
o.o
10A vee
08,01http://imgur.com/zvQtO
08,01
/me hug Skyvee
no ones got that before!
/me hugs too
7:55/6:55c.
!pokemon
Nick, you are a 6Honchkrow.
inb4 VeeDub
Ponies47: those 5 were - Derpy Hooves, Wonderbolt Rainbow Dash, Gilda Griffon, Discord, & Ursa Major
Dammit now I have to go play Robot Unicorn >_< If I can find somewhere to play it
better :3
!pokemon
hah
10Honchkrow is sexy
!pokemon
Nick, you are a 4Forretress.
It is
12!pokemon
Milk
12moo.
/me drinks
Cypresswolf: Intresting
/me shot
Soital will be pleased
!pokemon
8
XD
12!pokemon
12:I
12!pokemon
12nuuu
BRB
Where did Ringo go?
12Flash died -_-
:S
Shamroc x Crits
om
Om: gues what i just found out
Noo not flash D: how will the Justice leauge beat the justice lords now?
/me runs
12...oh wait, I didn't need to restart this. It only affected YouTube *facepalm*
panda: Uhh, you found some snowballs in your freezer?
12LOLOLOL
OH GOD THE SHIPPING HAS COMMENCED!
Om: no... have you ever eaten something that was just too salty?
Yes... Yes I have panda
Om: do you know how to make it unsaly
12...
unsalty*
shamroc met the rocket. The rocket pierced shamrock, and violently exploded.
i fail at this
Nein
12I'm gonna go play Minecraft
panda: Dilute it with more not salty things, or sweets. Like sugar
Dat stream lag...
>FLAHS
Om: omg! what the hell! am i lke the only person who didnt know what?
10Flonne
panda: Know what?
Om: that sugar cancels out salt
panda: Sooo. You were hungry?
BACK :)
Om: well my roomie cooked... and he was like, "there is too much salt" then he proceeded to put some honey ontop and mix it in... i just stared
Was it somthing I said? :'(
panda: Started to?
Om: then he was like "sugar cancels out salt," mind=blown right now
Om: i said stared... as in to stare XD
panda: You really need to use more verbs sometiems...
http://tinyurl.com/7ev4rkt
GOTCHA
Also hi.
Hur
Ohai FillyFlam :)
It's now 8/7c/5p.
Om there werent any syntax errors in that sentence >.>
Hey there FillyFlam :3
Hi everybody ^^
panda: Well duuuh, Syntax is math :I
Om you know what i meant :|
panda: I know you had a syntax while saying you could have on in grammar.
11,01TERRIBLE match. I'm out.
Domination.
Nittany_Discord: RAGEQUIT
hiya Barbetos, FillyFlam
They used to blow up when you stepped on the pills that the demoman could shoot. oh beta days. =P
Nittany_Discord: dont leave :'(
Hey otakon
11,01otakon: Shut up
Nittany_Discord: I know your pain man, I know it....
11,01otakon: Shut up
08,01yeah otakon
08,01shut up.
Nittany_Discord: no I'm being serious in this case, I know the pain of a terrible match.
otakon: i think Nittany_Discord wants you to shut up ^^
/me 08,01stays out of it
panda: You would know.
Om: shut up ^^
OKAY!
enough!
I hate it when the parents fight. =(((
lol
08,01what are we talking about?
panda: I dun know hooowwwahh
snakes
08,01is it something i have an opinion on?
Om: ^^
11,01And no-one traded with me. ASses.
Prick: on a PLANE?!
where!
What's going on? http://i766.photobucket.com/albums/xx301/TheShrubberyDemander/Guys.gif?t=1327670317
/me trades pokemon with Nittany_Discord
08,01because i just posted trolled a fundie friend of mine who posted a bitchy article about denmark's same sex marriages on my wall: http://ompldr.org/vZWM0dg
Polydunami: that one was good but i have a better one
Snowflake
Do your worst :3
I like Horsepower personally but I have seen Snowflake has his name too.
and?
is he hot?
08,01well, we respect each others' right to believe the other is completely wrong
08,01*mutually respect
why are you not friends with thee Prick! :[
08,01honestly, when she's not being fundie, she's a hoot
Frick
I broke my mIRC LOL
08,01and she says the same of me!
Good job
08,01"when he's not being all gay, he's a hoot"
08,01probably
Hello people, ponies, and people slash pony thingies, how's it been?
:)
Hiya FlaxMan
:|
Does anypony know of the harryhax?
So no plan to show Alien Resurrection I take it?
You are the FlaxMan :3
So...what's been going on here?
Polydunami: http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m59so6fXMM1qfgn2xo1_500.png
08,01we know that we won't change each others' thoughts on the matter ever, so why argue about it?
08,01we agree to disagree
08,01anyhoos
Ohai FlaxMan! Good thank you! :)
Durr
HOLY MACKEREL XD
08,01the moral of this story is: even fundies and homosexuals can bond over sci-fi
Okay, I'm done
08,01eh, bi, gay, all the same to them
My day has been given hope.
Mmm Indeed.
Yes indeed.
ugh, need to reboot again x.x
Polydunami: you like?
CLASSICAL!
bi = both, gay = one kind
That's bucking hilarious :D
thanks
08,01i think the way i put it to her was "we promise not to rape your priests, if you promise not to set our fabulous clothes on fire while we mince"
Prick: well i know that....
Its been a while for me, but now that schools out I'm here and happy. :3
:S
in soviet russia, you rape priest
08,01anyhoos, i'm probably getting into offensive territory here, on both sides
http://depleted.files.wordpress.com/2010/02/1267346567678.jpg
08,01so imma to bed go
Play Waltz of the flowers!
I LOVE "Last of the Mohicans"!
Oh yeah, at the food bank in our neighbourhood, there was a man with a rainbow mohawk xD
:)
Why does Magwa hate the greyhair?
BRB
Polydunami: here is another picture full of hilarity
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5hx7x2VJd1r20qi9o1_500.jpg
Oh god, xD
hello everypony! I see the streamer is streaming TF2
brb guys
awesome
Hiya Canadian_brony
That didn't click right away... but when it did xD
lol
Hey there Canadian_brony :3
can't tell if misusing literally.
ive got a bunch of funny stuff like that im just to lazy to go trough my reblogs to find it
8:15/7:15c. This used to be the time when Regular Show aired on mondays on Cartoon Network.
:C
I HATE REGULAR SHOW! :[
8:15 the what now?
Oh and back :)
im out peace
Ponies47: i dont like it either... its a show that only pot heads will laugh at
bye xmasskills
:d
Bye bye xmasskills :)
xmasskills: WHY YOU LEAVING
He left
:(
8:15 Eastern time, 7:15 Central time. That's the explanation.
panda b-but...80s!
panda: It's just ponitless. It's just them screaming OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! So annoying :|
Dken2021: hm?
wow, kids are being loud outside
Ponies47: yes... i agree... cant say i didnt give it a chance though
Polydunami: no he's not, he's a meer mortal with a unhealthy obsession with chocolate
and my chat derped
GODDAMMIT
KICK
panda: I did to. I liked it at first but now I hate it :|
DAMN YOU CHAT!
Whats goin on?
1
2
3
4
5
and kick
Wow
otakon otakon dude easy
there we go
:D
that was 6 in 10 sex
er..sec
13shoot 'em all~
I wish
Oh my
but this isn't GTA :P
xD
lol
now
THIRD attempt at burning Madoka disc 2
Ponies47: never liked it ^^
that anime is cursed, it keeps breaking my computer
My mom won't take me to bronycon but she will take me to Canterlot Gardens
what is this, an all out melee war?
You guys need some good archers and a Scout with the Candy Cane. A medic would be nice as well
it'll get to about 25% and then completely freeze, and ImgBurn is stupid and can't be killed
you have to reboot
panda: Yeah. I gave it a chance and it failed. :|
Ponies47: ^^
i use nero7
Ponies47: but still... love and tolerate
panda: ^^
>Nero
>Dual layer
panda: *squees* Love and tolerate
Not to mention I found a very convincing blog on why you shouldn't ever use Nero to burn DVDs
what? i used it to burn VOBs on DL
and the people at Digital Video Forums know their stuff
I pretty sure 79th's Farewell To Gibraltar would fit as background music
something about layer breaks>?
never mind that LIGHTNING UK who makes ImgBurn is a mod there, I swear it doesn't affect their opinions at all
/me runs
that, plus a certain 32KB gap between IFO/BUP files that Nero ignores
Tolerate and less tolerate
true, true.
it's fine for data discs but for video they said not to use it
Om: :(
Om: :'(
hate and bicker
weel, which version of nero?
Dken2021 that's thinking like a Parasprite
Hate and discriminate.
whatever one was current when they wrote about it
FillyFlam same for you
I've got Nero 9 or something now but don't really care
panda Ponies47: :|
*Throws Dken2021 into a bunch of Parasprites* JOIN EM! :[
ImgBurn is Free®
11,01I really need that sword set for the demo.
nein!
http://forum.digital-digest.com/f57/faq-burning-imgburn-vs-nero-better-45025.html
Ja*
2005
Dken2021: Fine. But be nice :)
k
also look, ImgBurn froze again
I'm gonna end up wasting so much money on these stupid DVDs before it actually burns
drf: i have a question to ask
Om: :(
dat macgyver
what exactly is rooting (phone wise) and what can you do with a rooted phone
/me hugs Dken2021
i've never bothered asking before
panda: What >_<
Om: you mean :(
durka?
/me hugs Canadian_brony back :D
Ohai Canadian_brony :)
panda: Sometimes I am.
it's the equivalent to having an admin account on a computer
rooting iirc applies to android phones
never seen macgyver, but luuv the title music
Om: why cant you be nice? :(
hi Ponies47. When did Wrek start playing TF2?
it lets you do things that need higher permissions, like blocking ads, taking screenshots, deleting system apps
Dken2021: it's fun
rooting an android phone allows you to run pirated apps
like those stupid nagware crap that comes with it
um
I think it's Wrek, anyway
rite?>
you can run pirated apps without root
Canadian_brony: A long time ago. :P
oh
Canadian_brony: earlier, he's been at it for an hour or so
but you need root to do system-level stuff
panda: Because you didn't eat enough.
like deleting system apps
blocking ads, as it modifies system files
and so on
Om: i didnt?
panda: No you didn't.
oh, and free wi-fi tethering.
Ponies47 otakon dayum
/me facepalms
BRB
http://www.google.co.nz/search?sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8&q=nero+32KB < not a whole lot of info
apparently my gf has an Transform Ultra from Boost Mobile
lol
dat arrow to the face
Om: but i had 2 plate fulls :(
panda: Shoulda had a third
so just beating resident evil 4, I'm been wondering through the whole game why hispanics are in europe?
Om: but im not a fatty :(
Dken2021: Vacation.
panda: Its okay, I didn't expect you to eat for me
Om: :(
G'night, everypony.
bye Chains
nighty Chains
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chains: night
ugh
Explorer froze this time and took my computer with it -_-
PING
00,10bleh it killedit
05oops wrong button
server crashed?
11,01Timeout.
XD
Wrek: way to blo w it all up
my stream lags so much . . .
05back up in a sec
panda: what now >.>
13it's okay... was doing terribad anyway
Hey guys, remember that Berry blog I wanted you to help out?
05Shizuka: naaaw <3
11,01Shizuka: No worse than me.
Om: more stipends... but time for the homeless >.>
WELL SHE NEEDS THE MONEY EVEN MORE NOW.
Shizuka: you should have seen me... now thats BAD
/me was doing horrible~
hai Litwick, don't really know
Well then, good to know I didn't get kicked or anything.
13have only one more achi for pyro... which i'll never get
13cause it requires using shotgun
l
Ohai Litwick. Nope.avi :P
Nyria: bs...you kept killing me over and over
panda: Huza, >.> the pointlessness has been doubled!
11,01And I'm at a disadvantage since I don't have half the crap everyone else does.
11,01Including the Demo set I keep asking about.
05what set?
Shamroc: That was this game, the last game I had 19 kills and about 40 deaths~ Not my best game~
is it still possible to get into the server? I haven't played TF2 in a month-and-a-half
11,01The sword and shield.
Nittany_Discord i can give you the sword and boots but no the shield
05dont need the set ones
Om, im not sure if its a bad thing completely... the homeless have to take care of a puppy... i guess to save puppies and panhandlers?
05any sword and shield does and you are ready to demo knight
Wrek: dat lan server
I'd give away my surplus items, but I'm f2p.
Nittany_Discord: PONIES!!! :D
11,01I don't have a sword or shield period.
And to be honest? Seeing the shit her girlfriend's mtoher is putting her through? I will honestly not watch anything pony related for a month if it means that the situation could get better.
00,10Did Shizuka ever get a shield?
13jaja
Nittany_Discord I think i may have a few I could give you
Night everypony.
panda: I always thought the homeles bought dogs somethimes so when they beg they get more sympathy xD
00,10ah oki
That's what I would do!
night all
Om: That's incredibly sad and depressing.
night ZappyTheUnicorn
00,10I had one but did't know how to give it mid game
bye ZappyTheUnicorn
and my final exhibition tommorow so wish me luck
12Good luck Nick :£
12:3
Reikim: Its not that sad, they haz a friend and more monies~
Om: same here.... i mean im not hating on them... ive been there... but... its a pointless stipend none the less when my grants got denied because of the "economy"
/me glomps Reikim through the heavens
11,01Sorry I RQed, but I was getting too frustrated to play properly.
ty lati :)
Nittany_Discord: :) its ok, you are still loved by me <3
/me glomps back
Dken2021 and Canadian_brony: /)
ZappyTheUnicorn /)
Goodbye, everypony!
panda: I've been a hobo once on vacation xD kina
ZappyTheUnicorn /)
cya Chains
Bye Chains
Like seriously... I want you to help her out as MUCH AS YOU CAN.
seeya Chains
bye Chains
Bye Chains

Om: well... uh.... ive been homeless ^^;
bye Chains
ta ta Chains~
Laterz Chains :)
panda: that sucks man
hiya Nyria what's up man?
/me has left
00,10that was a fun kill spree I got at one point.
panda: Yeah. Its not fun :\
13not sure volcano fragment is worth crafting
00,1010 in a row
otakon: haha thats how i became street smart though ^^ no regrets
otakon: My death count~
Om: meh...
Shizuka: hows that shield treating you?
Sumica is there an open slot in the server, or am I too late?
hiya Shizuka and WHAT are you talking about?
Shizuka: nope its not
panda: :D
13i think it's better
Nittany_Discord there now you only need to found a shield
Shizuka: It's an ax. That's on fire. That's all I need to know.
00,10no clue. I took the server crash as a good time to stop
13traded the booties away months ago...
11,01Is that a random drop?
Shizuka any weapon is cheaper to buy than craft
Om: hows that for optimism XD
05ok server up in a sec
13except you have to deal with random people that want to scam you
Nittany_Discord everything is random drop
panda: Prety damn high panda, pretty damn high.
Hm, maybe one more map, then I have to go write things. And stuff like that.
Om: like the rent? :D
gurren lagann is best anime ever
I honestly am about to just break down and WEEP I'm so worried about her. Pretty much if she doesn't find a job OR get the 400 dollars to move out, she'll be FORCED to move away from HER GIRLFRIEND
panda: Just like rent, but in the oposite direction! A different high.
Maybe get started on Wrek's Doom crossover, which will be strange but fun because I never got to play Doom.
Crafting is a good way to waste scrap. I only craft weps when I can't clear my BP and nobody's buying
/me 13hugs TheGreatAndPowerfulT <3
13danke~
11,01Even the achievement stuff?
Om: high like Wreky? XD
:3 no problem
13the achievement stuff i just farmed bots for
panda: I don't know?
Om: XD that was a joke
Litwick: I swear I'd help if I could. I really would. I just don't know what to do. I'm not in a position to donate, so what then?
/me 11,01has to learn how to not get mad at games again.
Ohai TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
hai Ponies47
panda: Ohhhh
Om: reference to earlier when he trolled me by saying he smokes weed XD
Nittany_Discord simple: don't get angry in the first place
O_O wtf?
:D
panda: O_O
11,01Canadian_brony: Works.
panda: Oh reah, didn't your mom call you bout that?
Om: yeah XD
Om: there was a body found in a vehicle like less than 2 miles away from where i am...
CCCP: O_o
does anyone by anychance have a name tag ? i will give you a description tag :p
panda: O_O
panda: :\
13server is up
Om, sorry im being a news feed to ya ^^
13wait, still has to undo lan mode
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: As a matter of fact, I do
yeah
panda: No, I get that here too. -_- so depressing
want to trade Reikim ?
Om, yeah but in better news, WE HAVE BEACH WHEELCHAIRS!
ummm
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Sure why not?
/me 11,01dusts CCCCP
why is my nick already in use?
05in theory
05it should now work
panda: Uhhokay?
Nittany_Discord: :D
panda:the bloody point of that?
Wrek: indeed
CCCCP: You DC'd, system hasn't registered you as gone yet.
hai CCCCP!
Dken2021: C:
Om, otakon, so people who cant walk can enjoy the beach :|
Hey there, all you crazy kids.
Hi! CCCCP! What's with thew extra C?
oh thanks Reikim
CCCCP I know the feeling. I was going to use "Ryanier128", but it was being used when I first came in
panda: but.... HOW DOES THAT WORK!?
panda: Cant you just.... Use your own wheelchair?
Om: sand.... really?
hi Ponies47!!! my nick was "in use"
panda: I don't go to the beach much :(
13why do nametags have to be so expensive..
00,10Stream is not ligned up wrek
otakon: its a modded electrical wheelchair with huge rubber wheels.... and you can rent them at surfshops ^^
ah
I got my Amazon order!
2!pokemon
Staraptor, you are a 4Cherrim.
2!eonget
4Staraptor just got a shiny male 5Eevee
Sweet, ponibas
2<3
Om: well... neither do I, I just have a gma that cant walk who has complained that she couldnt go near the water.
Canadian_brony: aww that sucks
CCCP: you might want to register that nick then
CCCP it's okay. This username brings up some . . . interesting conversations
yaaay thanks Reikim
panda: Ohh, thats cool xD I think...It is right
np
qwerty can you register a nickname?
qwerty: i know but im too lazy
Om: yeah, and its not a waste of money for san diego... someone made them from their own pocket, if i heard correctly
killerpony7733: Yes
qwerty how if i may ask?
I HAS DINNER! PIZZA! :D
shobedo
11,01Shizuka: Don't you have a spare special minigun?
Ponies47 lucky . . .
panda: Huray for...legless...disabld...people...-_-
Canadian_brony: lol
13spare tomi yeah
13want?
Canadian_brony: Well it's frozen pizza :(
11,01Yes.
Om: >.> what?
Ponies47 it's better than no pizza
Canadian_brony: True. Frozen is ok. :)
What server do they usually play on?
Nittany_Discord: i have many a minigun...you want one?
killerpony7733: type in "/ns register <password> <email>" without the <>'s
11,01I have the base minigun for the Heavy.
i played TF2 once, i was a spy the entire time
Om: O_O oh my
13accept request
Nittany_Discord everybody has the regular Minigun. It's stock
I've never played TF2
Nittany_Discord unless you mean Natascha
DocSane: its a good game
CCCP: how'd that work out for you?
panda: He was in a documentory, I think he was one of the few that lived... AAAAaaanywway *cough*
I usually stick to L4D2 or CS
11,01Canadian_brony: I know that, smart ass.
Om: :( anyways :)
Spectrum_Plush: actually i did pretty well :)
nom
CCCP: I'm sure it is, but I never got into all-out deathmatch games.
Nittany_Discord: :(
qwerty whats the password for? :D
DocSane: i see
killerpony7733: basically extra security for your nick
Nittany_Discord if you think I'm a smart ass, you should see my father!
/me 11,01dusts panda
13check trade nittany~
Nittany_Discord: hehe thank you i needed that ^^
CCCP: CS is different because when you die, you have to wait till the round's over. It isn't an endless die -> respawn -> die -> respawn
/me applies dust to panda
CCCP: oh neat, wish my first time as spy did well...
DocSane: ive never played CS
Om :(
Spectrum_Plush: lol
qwerty there nick is now mine and mine only :)
panda: :)
killerpony7733: way to go
COME ON EVERYPONY! WHERE ALL FREINDS HERE RIGHT!?! :$
qwerty woohoo? :D
/me hugs Ponies47
/me glomps Ponies47
Hugs CCCP back
Canadian_brony: Oh it is ON! :[
NO PONY HERE IS MY FRIEND HERE YOU B*yay*CH!
Ponies47: *turn on lights* yes it is
Throws a pillow at Canadian_brony
;$
:$
Ponies47 so that's the way it's gonna be
dat RP
KILL HIM!
/me grabs Pillow Bazooka
KILL HIM NOW!
otakon: ?
Canadian_brony: No Role Play in chat
Wait a sec. NO RP! :[
Ponies47: No Role Play in chat
dat backseat modding
^
|Discord| Ponies47 what role play? I just came up with that on the spot!
|Discord|: Didn't I just say that?
^^
I HATE chat derp....
panda: LOL! :D
Erectin' a despenser
me too
Heh :O
Ponies47: All of my mistakes are not mistakes, they are intended to cays chaos.
*cause
Om: thats not a dispenser....
/me CCCP throws a panda at CCCP
|Discord|: SO YOU SAY. :|
???? Om
panda: :D
|Discord| Ponies47 would one of you explain how I'm RP?
wut
I know what I said
cuz I'm confuzzled
panda: whats your steam name?
panda: >.>
Airpuff: xundercoverbronyx
Canadian_brony: We where about to start having a pillow fight. That's RPing :(
dat undercover name :D
CCCP: You know what you did.
Ponies47: What is the problem with a little chaos?
MWHAHAHAHAHAH
Airpuff: o_o
Om: i dont lol
wut? :D
Ponies47 oh, right. I thought it was because I grabbed a Pillow Bazooka
Wow.
CCCP: I'm on to you >.>
Om: :S
|Discord|: Idk. :$
shouldn't have identified =_=
CCCP: O___O
Om: :P
Ponies47: Hmmm...Me niether
oh curse you mips, CURSE YOU
brb
Canadian_brony: You glomped me. I threw a pillow at you and then you got pillow Bazooka and then |Discord| noticed we where RPing :(
i love mips
/me licks CCCP's mips
Ponies47: .. lol.. :D
I love CANDY!
qwerty: O_o
ignore that, just need the scripts
Airpuff: That's how it was :$
Canadian_brony: Do you have any left over bacon?
since all mine got erased x.x
whee
Ponies47: ... :P
finally back
Airpuff: eeeyup :P
:D
TELL HIM OFF WREK
Om: want some candy?
panda: Yes.
/me gives Om some corn
This is a vegitable :[
um
Om: aand?
Airpuff: what undercover name
did the stream freeze for anyone else?
nope
qwerty: .. the steam name?
eeyup :(
/me throws a cron meteor at Airpuff
btw panda .. accept me! :|
it say's On Air but no picture/audio activity
|Discord| no, actually, I'm not that big a fan of Bacon and I've never eaten Canadian Bacon, TBH
Om: .. a corn meteor?
:D
Airpuff: okies
panda: Gimei mah candies >.>
gtg. Bye everypony
My plot hurts
I need to add more detail to the charaecters.
hey everypony. :)
TheRareP0N3: Hai
I'm not an evil pony ok everypony! *Eyes turn red* *Teeth become really sharp* *Voice becomes really deep* Or I'm I?
Discord|: IMPOSTER
/me gives Om some spiked candy
03there -_-
panda: -___-
|Discord|: Your an imposter
03though, all my WBs got erased too...
Hi TheRareP0N3 :)
Discord|: SOMEONE TELL ME WHO THIS IS!?
*SOMEPONY
|Discord|: SOMEONE TELL ME WHO THIS IS
*SOMEPONY
:PPPP
heard somebody named Krill lost his/her job, that sucks
|Discord|: LOL
2 DISCORDS! WHERE DOOOOOOOM! :o
Random question of the day: They make colored sand, right?
SuperBrony64: ?
SHOO BE DOO
SHO SHO BE DO
FillyFlam: yes they do
oh COME ON MIPS WORK RIGHT YOU BLASTED PILE OF PROGRAMMING GARBAGE!
CCCP: What you just did was so stupid that it made everypony in this chat 20% dumber.
hiya SuperBrony64
|Discord|: i didn't do it
Ohai SuperBrony64 :)
panda: Why. Did you give me tainted candies?
CCCP: Oh, awesome. I just had an art idea. I'm gonna try to make a sand Rainbow Dash.
CCCP: Then who is?
|Discord|: idk
CCCP: Then who is?
O_O
Om: because tainted candy is best candy ^^
Discord|: Do you want me to discord you?
|Discord|: its a changling!
hey everypony, hows it going?
Hiya Ingwaz
panda: I want to eat it and NOT regret my decision!
|Discord|: Do you want me to discord you?
FillyFlam: do ittt!!!
hiya Ingwaz
Om: why would you regret it? ^^
Ingwaz: alright
/me Discords Discord|
yo otakon and FillyFlam
HOW THAT WORK!?
and likewise superretroworld
/me Discords |Discord|
panda: I know what spikeing means >.>
whos hosting?
whats on the stream?
Discord|: Take my name I don't give a buck I have to go anywyas
Om: hehe i wont do anything... just watch you trip out ^^
panda: Yes, that is so inocent...
Om: yes innocent ^^
panda: why would you do that :'(
3
Oh phew, I was afraid Shizuka had already resumed streaming Doom 3.
AWWWWW HE LEFT
Om: do what?
panda: why would you do that
AWWWWWWW
i think the host hates me cause yesterday i was dissing borderlands :D
DAT WALL!
trapsss
HUZZAH! I MADE IT TO 9TH GRADE! :)
panda: spike candies, I thought you leiked candies :(
03hm?
i have a bunch of tasty cheese pizza with me ;)
Om: i like candy
so much console
panda: spike candies I thought you leiked candies :(
CCCP: And that needed a rarity face because?
/me eats a spike candy
Candy is good :)
._.
CCCP: And that needed a rarity face becasue?
/me eats Om ... "Its delicious"
:D
wait a minute, is this team fortress 2?
Om: because police
*Pulls out a box of Wonk aBottle Caps*
nothing
Airpuff: Wat?
*Wonka Bottle
Om: Yes.
Airpuff: e__e
asdf
CCCP: D:
6_9
Om: .. Yes.
ad
:D
Airpuff: thats vore!
panda: ... WHAT?! xD
Om: then dont like cheese pizza
Airpuff: look it up
they*
panda: ..... Id rather not -.-
CCCP: That is a shame
afs
Airpuff: look it up...
Om: yup
DING
panda: .. NO I KNOW WHAT IT IS! xDD
DING
Airpuff: you do? ^^
otakon: spam?
panda: yeah -.-
unfortunately
CCCP: ....ding
Airpuff: you like...
00,02hmmm
Airpuff: You...Are scaring me
00,02is der a stream?
:3
a
panda: I like what?!
hi Phase4
So who was the imposter me?
/me facehoofs
Airpuff: you like vore ^^
Phase4: yeah, Wrek is streaming TF2
/me noms Om
00,02ah, there it is
brb guys and I see Shizuka is playing too
panda: .. Im not going to feed you, you little bastard! xD
00,02must have been the uni's dns servers
Ohai Phase4 :)
00,02ohai
Oi Phase4
panda: You like vore.
Airpuff: XD
Phase4: Can you take care of this Om` person.
Airpuff: no... not a fan... mostly because i dont get it
Ponies47: so has your brother offically became a brony?
Ponies47: Where you the fake me?
00,02Om, you meen Ponies47?
00,02* Om` is now known as Ponies47`
dat Bohemian Rhapsody
Wrek: omg queen :O
00,02ah, nvm
/me facehoofs.. Good to know panda .. :D
00,02he left
Airpuff: XD
superretroworld: I have tryed and tryed and tryed. He just won't sit down and watch :'(
Phase4: Oh well. Thank you for responding anyway
panda: indeed ._.
|Discord|: Nope.avi
OMG
i just noticed kirzstryfe is online
00,02stream is just not working behind the firewall :(
00,02i'd join but at uni
Ponies47: sorry bout that
panda: .. is that a good thing?
Airpuff: hehe duh!
Phase4: I wasen't being Om' :O
panda: is that a good thing?
is this tf2?
... Airpuff_ :|
Airpuff: wat
What is this magic?
lol
00,02Ponies47, the guy who was changed his nick to Ponies47` before quiting
superretroworld: yup
00,02and i tab failed :(
What's the password again?
...
Phase4: I see. So there was a copy of me for a sec :O
thank god, i thought it was borderlands
That .. was random..
panda Airpuff: does vore stand for something bad?
Om: check it up..
Airpuff: Do I want to e_e
Its not bad.. for somepony..
:D
AW
Well i do think.. for most people..
ITs..
a..
a
BAD thing..
BAD thing
.... :|
..
/me sighs
/me sigh
superretroworld: We where in the same room together last night in the living room. I could have shown him ponies but he was mad at my dad because he did like a 4 hour Skype call so he couldn't play his video games :(
....
...
GRR!!!
hmm?
GRR
:'(

:(
panda: .. HELP ME
Phase4: Tis back.
Airpuff: with what?
panda: IT IS YOU!!!
huh?
Dont come with that "huh?" comment! I know it is you! admit!
00,02hmmm
00,02he quit again
what are you talking about Airpuff
Ok sompony keeps leaving then comes back as a copy of somepony else! :O
panda: -.- nothing
Phase4: Do you want the ip it was useing? I don't know if ti changed
00,02he was allso called querty and fierymasterpiece
and it's not me. I Pinkie Promise :)
00,02Om, i have his hostname
Ponies47: okay next time pull ou the 2nd secret weapon, 'flutterwonder'
love that the whole place is covered in pony tags
Phase4: Alright.
00,02he's quiting and joining to change ip
00,02right now he's GuildedWarrior
00,02wait
00,02nvm
6_9
Phase4 could you by chance find out when my very first log into bronystate was?
00,02mabey
Phase4: Who ever is doing this is being a master troll
Phase4: whatcha talking about? :D
00,02no, a master troll would change his hostname
Phase4: WRONG.*Maybe
Phase4: true
... hmpf...
have we ever had trolls on here before?
/me points " IT WAS YOU!!"
Its prolly just some bored kid. With no life :\
Om: possibly
superretroworld: Hardly i think most are taken care of in less then a few seconds
We have trolls here all the time. They come out late at night.
00,02killerpony7733, the earliest join in my logs is has joined #bronystate
REALLY late at night
00,02derp copy paste
00,02killerpony7733, May 20 11:29:49
Phase4: DO ME!!!!
killerpony7733: well thats a good thing
Phase4: .. you can do that? 6_9
panda: its not hard to figure out if you have the right client
00,02i can do that
Airpuff: Phase4 is master programer
Phase4 2011 or 2012?
Phase4: .. thats awesome *-*
Ponies47: i come here at night time most of the time, and i never see trolls
00,02i'm manualy looking through the logs with grep
00,02killerpony7733, 2011 probably
guys I'll be back, resetting my usb wifi connection
Phase4: when did i join brony state? ^^
00,02dont think these extend to 2011
00,02derp
00,022012 i meen
Phase4 when was bronystate made?
panda: Never, you don't exsist.
Phase4 oh o.o wait uh search for the logs of pony_7733
00,02panda, Jun 01 00:42:32
O.o
superretroworld: They come at random. We had 1 a few nights ago say some really nasty stuff. *shivers*
00,02i'm looking for the earliest join in my logs
Phase4: ... can you see me? please 6_9
Phase4: well thats wrong for sure! ive been here longer than 2 weeks XD
If you dont mind ofc..
00,02killerpony7733, Mar 11 04:44:33
BRB
I wonder if I'm on there *taps hoof on chin*
Phase thats alot earlier :)
00,02Airpuff, Apr 27 09:04:23
Phase4
Hmpf..
I first came on in the middle of January
That shoulds quite right..
:D
I've been lurking :3
oai Polydunami
Phase wasn't bronystate somewhere in 2011?
Airpuff: Yes it shoulds xD
Phase4 damnit keep forgetting to tab your name up
killerpony7733: we celebrated its 1 year anniversery about a month ago, so probaly around may 2011
00,02lol
Om: O.o
Om: you know how long i've been here?.. I remember you joining? :|
I didn't join about a week after the Season to final! :P
i came about a month ago
Airpuff: Wow, so do I.
Is that right, Phase4, that I first joined in the middle of January?
Om: .. no you dont xD
Airpuff: Your right -_-
00,02"**** BEGIN LOGGING AT Tue Sep 13 19:10:36 2011" when this channel was made
:D
superretroworld: hm i know i was around when bronystate was beginning to shape up i think
00,02or at least very near
I spend so much time here! :P
:D
Phase4: when did i first appear here
Phase4 so if its to be true i have been with bronystate for almost half a year or more now :)
God I feel like sleeping
:s
Phase4: are you one of the CFOs?
but I only get this way when I'm depressed..
Phase4: Can you see when I firsted joined?
00,02Spectrum_Rush, Apr 08 00:04:10
:<
00,02superretroworld, ?
killerpony7733: im not sure when its popularity started coming
*first joined
hmm
Phase4: CFO: co founding members
Phase4: hehe you may wanna check mine again ^^
thx Phase4
I've been here since before Phase4 was voiced.
superretroworld: i have no memory of how i got to know of bronystate but i was around since about that date i got set around marts 2012
00,02Ponies47, May 07 13:51:22
00,02superretroworld, no, i got the log from ponychat staff
04o-o
Phase4: Yeah that sounds right. Thanks :)
Unlike all of you, I care not for when I join. Just glad I am here xD
I was very shy when I joined :(
Me too
00,02panda, Jun 01 00:42:32
VERY SHY
00,02Polydunami, indeed
Phase4: O_O that cant be right...
00,02its the earliest join in my logs
00,02they are hardly complete
03http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/funny-facebook-fails-in-soviet-russia-light-switch-turns-on-you1.png
So what's Polydunami's earliest join?
11.•10«11WB10 (Pattyrick10) 11WB10»11•. 10- [11:31] <Pattyrick> Yup, but since ArcaninOMGPONIESPOOOONNNIIIIEESS
So I've been here for 1 mouth and a week *toot*
I have an idea
I've been here for six months now
*month
00,02earliest i have is Apr 07 09:13:12
Sorry :$
Ponies47: been here since marts of this month
00,02thats probably around when i started using this client
Oh I see
Ponies47: i mean this year
Phase4: also, I was here for the mods vs viewers, that was in may ^^
killerpony7733: I see.
Ponies47: same /)
Phase4: log?
panda: Who won?
superretroworld: (\
00,10bleh map change
hmm
Whelp, I'm done with TF2...time to do the work I was SUPPOSED to be doing.
Om: mods...
00,10now for 20 min of loading
haven't play hydro in ages
Well, I first joined during the week of The Last Roundup
panda: >.> your story checks out
Phase like april of this year or earlier?
00,02Polydunami, i actualy have your first join
Staraptors are cool
00,02Polydunami, "Jan 28 05:12:04"
00,022011
Om: i remember beccause I was talkin to FlareChaser about taking out Shizuka first because shes really good
lol
i know mine said april but i remeber being here for at least Sisterhooves Social
00,02wiat
Phase4: damnit didn't tab your name
Whoa
00,022012
00,02derp
panda: She is really good....
... I was around for a little longer, actually
So is summer :D
Why do you know this, Phase4?
i love that episode
04ohai
00,02i has logs
granted i think i was still a random pony
I has lags Phase4
Om: yes... scary, but... idk i find it awesome
Well, it's hot here in Italy but I guess it's Hi Drake
Yeah trust me. I was shy and I thought ya'll where gonna tell me to GTFO when I joined :$
panda: F.U.N. I think
04hi Pat
in other word phase is stalking you
Ponies47: Oh, that makes me laugh...
Om: i was also here for the sumerpan ^^
Polydunami: been around somewhere early i remember had a other number before 7733 but i lost it when stuff changed :)
Phase4: whats mine?
panda: sumerpan!!
panda: That predates me. I think
Holy crap, it's been a long time since I've like talked with anybody on the IRC .___.
Reikim: AND WHAT ARE YOU LAUGHING AT!?! :o
Om: really?
Om: you sure?
Ponies47: again same
00,02superretroworld, i dont remember seeing you before today so recent or i dont have it
Polydunami: The earliest as Phase4 showed me was marts 2012 with the name pony_7733
Ponies47: The idea that we would laugh/GTFO at anyone who isn't an obvious troll.
I may have not been paying attention... :S
superretroworld: HA! :D
04Really?
00,02huh
00,02earliest is "Jun 03 14:39:34"
Thanks to la scuola being out, I've got almost infinite time to deprive myself of sleep
i think you were here then Om :P
oh
00,10ah and just it's about to launch it boots me.
Phase4: a week before the TOM awards is when I first showed up here ^^
00,02wiat
Airpuff panda: Maybe... I dunno. Its gone by fast :)
00,02superretroworld, May 10 19:31:43
00,02its sorted strange
Om: indeed :P
Phase4, are those times from your timezone?
Om: hehe ^^
Reikim: I see. Trust me I was scared. But now I wub all of you. <3 Even if I have been kicked a couple of times and banned for an hour once :$
Pphastry my first long on!
kool
superretroworld: dayum you joined early :D close to me too
Well, I've been on here every now and then, only getting into PM chats, but this is the first time in a little while I've been chatting somewhat on SW
Phase4: Do you think you could find mine? I'm curious.
00,02Polydunami, yes
Phase4: I mean do you have my first log on?
superretroworld: woah only joined a day after you brohoof /)
04Ah
00,02FillyFlam, "Apr 05 08:36:35"
04I usually stay out of SW anyway
Right, so you'd be one day ahead, then
00,02otakon, probably, one sec
04I stick to other channels.
WHY YOU LITTLE
Phase4: :( why is mine the only one that isnt correct? :(
killerpony7733: funny coincidence :D (\
I mean I used to do that a lot
panda: bc you go by more than just panda I think
00,02panda, what time zone are you in?
Phase4: Huh. Thanks!
10lol
panda: :D
Phase4: pacific
I'm the same as panda
00,10what you checking logs Phase4?
00,02Sumica, yep
Sumica: join dates :P
Sumica: yeah
Whos Streaming?
/me isn't little. He's fun-sized!
Sumica: he is, join dates for the hell of it
CCCP: wreky
CCCP: Wrek
CCCP: wrek
superretroworld: though i may have a alot earlier log with a older given pony_*insertnumber* thing but lost it after some change at bronystate
CCCP: it's Wrek and many bronies here are playing atm
00,02Oct 14 19:43:02 -->	otakon_17 (rpnldwigkr@woaq-17-93-306-21.slsbmd.east.verizon.net) has joined #bronystate
I used to have 5-channel convos before, but aforementioned longtimenotbeingonIRCforchatswitgeveryoneelse
00,10would not think it logs back when I joined.
Of course you are
thanks panda Ponies47 Airpuff and otakon :)
Phase4: neat..you finding the first log in dates?
That's what they a
00,02Sumica, my logs dont but i have the one from ponychat
Phase4: huh.... as otakon_17 huh?
ll say
Phase4 whats your earliest log from a user?
Sumica: could you check logs?
CCCP: Your welcome! :)
I would join if i had TF2
CCCP: get it ^^
/me bites Pattyrick
and a good PC
ah.. epeen
00,02Sep 14 13:46:31 <Sumica>	DST we should just follow arazonas example and say dont need it it's obsoleate.
CCCP: oh
panda: :P
00,02dont have your join actualy
00,10yeah it's also wrong
CCCP: I got it! And it don't run very well xD
Phase4: like the very first log you can find of someone logging
I can't wait for Season 3! So I can join in the reacting and plus see the episodes before my friends! :P
Om: yup
killerpony7733: yeah some may have came here with just a regular number before thinking of a username
Oww
so... Sumica and mine are wrong >.> guess everyones is wrong
Regular numbers are fine
Jesus, do you have rab-
00,02Sumica, thats the very first mention in my logs, musnt go right back to chan creation
panda: you are wrong
*falls on ground and foams at at mouth*
Om: im wrong?
*Puts all dollar in the middle of the chat*
00,10nope cause september is well after the start of s2
*A
= slowish iPad typing for 'ya
04No, I just think you're allergic to adorable-ness.
panda: Not anymore :)
00,10and yeah I was stream s2 here
Om: XD
Season 3... I cannot wait for season 3 of many shows.
That magical number, Three.
No, I'm allergic to my cat, and I think excessive amounts of dust
superretroworld: like i waas some other number before pony_7733 then i sometime later went with my current one but that very early pony_*number* was from when i was just observer for small amounts of time
Season 3 of MLP FIM :)
00,02huh
MLP, GoT
00,02must be pulling from the wrong log
04Cats are adorable, so my point still stands.
Hell, Half Life 3, even though that's a video game.
Booo
Ponies47: MLP FIM the movie? :O
My Little Pony, Gears of Time. Randomly popped into my head. Sounds like a good name for a fanfic.
Oh yeah, you're a cat
Ponies47: better come soon
The Cat In The
Land Down Under
04No I'm not
Wow, so my first time on Bronystate was actually the morning of the day my grandma passed away...
04I'm a pocketdraggie
killerpony7733: MOVIE!?! :o No season 3 of the show silly filly :P
cute
Stalemate?
00,02yeah, i've forgotten which log is which, oh well
/me sits on HML's forehead
superretroworld: Hush we must wait for Hasbro to make it good :)
Pocketdraggie
Reikim: MLP: Gearsss of Time, sounds good.
Ponies47: implying when a movie may come out :D
/me eeps and now is pocketdraggie nest? ;s
Phase4 tommorw i go to ne zeland
Phase4: so, am I still the most kicked person on the chat?
new zealand*
I should really get to making more of these ideas happening.
JRP2234[Silly_Filly]: nice
Ponies47: good point. take your time hasbro
"Dear Princes Celestia, Today, I learned the music of the spheres is chaos!"
00,10more likely it's pulling from when I became a mod.
You still fall to Mercy who has a microscopicdraggie
So, I hereby swear of TF2 for the forseeable future.
00,02otakon, probably, my logs are very incomplete over the past few months though
lol
sumica how r u]
00,02dat Lyra
killerpony7733: A movie would be cool
Reikim: god luck with that
((test))
00,10I am well
hello Lyra
otakon: I've done it before.
Ponies47: it may be quite a possible thing sometime in the future
sumica i has had the worst headach
argh mips why you HATE me?
04Yes, you are now my bed.
00,02Lyra, i assume your not the permbanned lyra
sumica i still have it and its been 2 dsays
superretroworld: Yeah we want it to be good. We can't push em. :)
There's a Lyra here?
Phase4: I don't think so
Reikim: yeah, they just "walked" in
yay LD
Ponies47: eeyup
;D
I mean
Noo!! :<
killerpony7733: I know. If that ever happens I'm gonna see it faster then you can say Dear sweet Celestia :P
I'm not quite sure if she said it or not
Phase4: why was Lyra permabanned?
brb gotta restart my computer
What happened to the permabanned Lyra, did she try to evade a ban or something?
Okay, gonna stop paying attention to this, time to watch the mind-screw giant robots.
00,02CCCP, she was temp banned, then ban evaded
Heights are Scarry T~T and I am going up the space needle this summer uuuuhhhhg
CCCP: constant trolling of inappropriate content
Om: oh, it's just being REALLY REALLY HIGH UP
I guess I hit it on the head, there
00,02right now she's a medic in the military, deployed somewhere, so we wont see her for months either way
I had a temp ban once. It wasen't fun. :(
otakon: but we didn't have to ban them :s
otakon: I have been there once before....I don like it
Wow, Bronystate really gets all sorts.
CCCP: she ban evaded too, which carries it's own penalty
sumica
wait nvm
00,10sup?
00,02Reikim, it realy does
otakon: oh
wait i remember
CCCP: but she didn't care really.
Reikim: we are a mixing pot of cultures :)
otakon: okay
sumica http://i47.tinypic.com/3503xna.jpg
00,10should I know that person?
Hero guyz :3
hiya BroKnee
Sumica: He's a brony music artists.
hi BroKnee
Welp I'm gonna go take a shower. Be back in a bit :)
and hes computer got wiped
00,10ah yeah I am bad with names
and lost the basscanon song
okay guys, I'm gonna stick around for another 20 minutes or so and then I think I'll go to bed
I love it when the biggest theme park in the Rome area uses my videos without permission :D
JRP2234[Silly_Filly]: wait.. not THE song!?
otakon http://i47.tinypic.com/3503xna.jpg
You still stand no chance against the ruler of the universe.
Who is me.
Indeed
:}D
thats not fake
00,10the early maps were huge
um
04crapo
I'll be leaving in about half an hour
I am the ruler of the universe
otakon same :D don't want to wake up somewhere near 3 or 4 in the afternoon like the last 2 days :'(
JRP2234[Silly_Filly]: I never said that it was
BOW TO ME
04It's NS, ruler of the universe.
And I will be gone for three.
Attenzione, Drake
im dissapointed
04Except the "universe" translates to "TST's chat"
Bow to who? You?
Give me a taco and I'll consider.
Yep, you dare defy the ruler of the universe?
Anyone else notice how all series tend to abuse the term "quantum"?
Once again, tacos can solve your problems. :P
04I don't recommend that Pat
Well, I'm trying not to spend as much time on the net as I have been. I've been spending up to 8 hours on the net sometimes....
13it's beginning to look a lot like dustbowl~
Ok, I'm no that hungry anyways
13seeeeentries everywhere~
lol
Shizuka: wooo...my favorite
11,01Lame game was lame.
be back later
we are trap inside or spawn
Lol, drf left to escape from the impending doom of me
13we have uber so move on
bye Spec......he's gone
http://derpy.me/2pdn0
Tekkiner?
*bows before he is vaporized*
Wrek: Tekkiner is swedish for Engineer?
otakon i can techinally read norwegian since i'm danish :)
hurr
killerpony7733: neat
Hiii alll!~
hello Unnr
03um
I made sangria! :D
RX-78-SweetieBot: dude, how you been today?
03no, it's because I was copying the freshly remade audio player script
Unnr: you can make that?
/me is listening to 3»»2 Pretty Fly (For a White Guy) (Instrumental) by The Offspring on Rock Band 2 (2011) 3«»2 02:04/03:05 [22,2|2,2|2,2|2,2|2,2|2,2|2,2|2,2|2,2|2,2|2,2|33,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|2] 3«»2 320 kbps mp3 - 7.07MB (WinAmp) 3««
CCCP, that's beautiful :3
otakon you will mostly be able to understand alot of swedish and norwegian as a dane
03I had to redo it from scratch :P
/me waves at Otakon
Polydunami: :)
<Drake> Except the "universe" translates to "TST's chat"
http://derpy.me/JC4oe
hi Unnr
no u
03now, lemme see if I have my WBs backed up :/
04yes me
Otakon, sangria is like, insanely easy to make
To Make Sangria: Take One Bottle Of Wine
Add Fruit
Add Sparkling beverage of choice
http://derpy.me/IH1VT
Add SImple Syrup
CCCP thats alot of apples
neat CCCP who is artist WingsOfFox?
Toss in a few shots of other alcohols
Serve
Oh yeah, nineties Cheerilee xD
otakon: yeah :)
damn you know who we haven't seen here in the LONGEST time?
killerpony7733: lol
ofna_1
Applefort is best fort :3
Yays, air conditioner is dripping
CCCP: oh my... thats a best pony right there :D
Woah, you are right Otakon
Or at least it sounds like it
Phase4: you got a record of when ofna was last on?
panda: Cheirlee?
/me pokes Midnight_Tempest.
panda: :D
Om: yes ^^ i think cherilee is pretty :D
00,02otakon, ill check
http://derpy.me/Ijv7w
Unnr: don't do that, he'll explode....
hurr
03http://chzschooloffail.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/homework-class-test-are-you-friends-with-sheldon.png
panda: Alright, fair enough. Better than Rarity?
otakon: but that´s my plan!
/me breaks out the mallo roasting stick
http://derpy.me/IQJjg
ah well have fun being combusted Unnr
Om: no... rarity is the "bomb diggity" as the young ones say XD
00,02otakon, May 24 22:06:51
NS, since you're the master of the universe AND I bowed to you without getting my taco
I got the new vegas
otakon: Its a dangerous Job, but some pony has to do it
panda: You arent that old xD
bye
Om: i know
CCCP would watch that show
00,02with a youtube link
Say what?
CCCP: byes :D
Phase4: he's been on that recent and I missed him...I am sad.
/me noms on Midnight_Tempest
So otakon's new like me!
bye CCCP take care
hiya kirzstryfe
Can you please tone down the sun here in Italy
04No, you can't do the fishstick.
/me throws a goodbye plum at CCCP
04It's a very delicate procedure.
Reikim: um no I'm not new I've been here since last October
Fallout new vegas
/me hugs panda otakon and Om
/me also noms on otakon before he can escape
Bai CCCP!~
Okay, so otakon's not new
:) Unnr
03http://chzschooloffail.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/homework-class-test-if-you-dont-die-congratulations-its-gold.jpg
Wait, I don't hear ANYONE say "bomb diggity" ever.
/me grows spikes to discourage further nomming
I can do the Stanky Legg > terrible dance from terrible 2008 song
/me noms on otakon's spikes
panda: doesn't that HURT?
... and I just failed at emoting
otakon, you don't need spikes. You're a dwarf, on fire. Pick up your ax.
Spiked_otakon: nope ^^
damn masochistic ponies
Hello Everypony !
But I'm not familiar with the fishstick
Hey Phase4, we haven't seen AttackWithHugs lately
Reikim: but they LIKE fire here,
/me continues to nom on the be-mallowed spikes
04Or...you could use THE WABBAJACK!
Spiked_otakon: ive eaten a whole cactus once
Hey there Alister :)
But otakon, do they like axes?
panda, cactus is delicuious
00,02Polydunami, Apr 22 04:04:47
/me removes his spikes and goes back to "normal"
Unnr: with the spines on it?
00,02oh wait
especially marinated in a little tequila mixed with soy sauce and cayenne pepper
00,02ignore that
Is Wrek german
Reikim: they'll just nom the axes
oops I pinged him
wrek is swedish
Or I could do the Hamsterdance
Alister: he's swedish IIRC I thought you knew that
*facehoof(
No I didn't
panda: You were mentioned
(>.(\
panda: you aren't the sad variety are ya?
Om: i was?
Or I could use toothpaste too.
00,02Polydunami, Jun 12 13:24:06
MAKE YOUR DECISION
panda: They said yo name in the stream
otakon: sad? variety? not sure i get what you mean
GOD THE INSANITY!
Om: what?
Wait, really?
Alister, try checking the staff page to avoid further surprises.
panda: ARE.U.A.SAD.PANDA?
panda: Yup!
00,02i'ma head home
00,02bbl
Om: what did they say? im listening to music!
bye Phase4 take care
04THE CHEESE! To die for!
See you Phase4 :)
otakon: im not sad :(
Don´t get attacked by a sheep Phase4!
panda: that's a good thing!
Bye Phase4 :)
BACK :)
How have your day been people ?
panda: They said sad panda, and someone said "You arent Panda!?"
Unnr: Looks like you have the french keyboard problem, same as me.
otakon: are you refering to what Om is talkign about?
That be Swiss.
why wont my tf2 start
Om: who said that?
How was your day people ?
*dies for piece of Swiss cheese*
Alister: could be better, have 60 days to find a job and move out really
Reikim: the hazards of being a polyglot. >_<
panda: I don't know o_o
Lackadaisical
Om: :( talking shit?
Anypony going to Everfree?
otakon: You can finally have your own house , how lucky
panda: No. Jsut saying panda things xD
Om: :( talking shit -__________-
panda: No!
Om: yes...
KHANNNN!
Alister: yeah, except I don't have a job or a license and I have to get one of those things.
panda: They werent.
Unnr: Or just being bilingual =.= I need the shortcut for when I do french-language work, but when I hit it in the middle of something else it's just damn annoying...
Unnr: DERPY!
TUNG ARTILLERIST!
otakon: A license ? a driver's license ?
Reikm, it gets worse when you are switching between swedish and french and welsh
Om: they better... or ill love them all!
03http://chzvideogames.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/video-game-memes-gameplay-trumps-all.jpg
then you need to remember if your keyboard is set for é or þ
Om: .. you talking shit? :(
Unnr: I feel pity for you, at the same time that I am totally jelly.
Alister: yeah I never got one when younger. Doesn't matter since I don't have a car to begin with.
Oh hey DCD, long time no see :3
hiya NewDCD what's up man?
Airpuff: Well. Yes, but that isn't the point.
Hey everypony!
NewDCD: did ya get a commission from someone?
hiya Red_Pegasus
Om: .. it is.
panda: Yes I know you will
:douche to have that many heavy's: wow... DEAL WITH IT BITCH!
Reikim: >_>
otakon: I won't have that problem , I should be taking driving lessons this summer so I can drive by the time I finish High School
Airpuff: >.> its not.
Om: it is.
Airpuff: no
I think I'll be joining everyone in tf2
Driving's not bad. But there are too many things to keep track of, if you ask me...
13wrek still streaming us?
Om: it is.
13we need more ponies~
Alister: yeah, your lucky in that regard. I was kicked out at 17 and never had the chance to get my license as I had to worry about living hand to mouth for quite a while.
:D
Shizuka: he is
Nittany_Discord: I haz something for ya'
Shizuka: yes... but um.. can i ask you something?
8,6I may be able to play soon Shizuka, almost done with the picture
otakon: Ouch. Well, at least it seems you're doing well now.
I wish I still had my steam account.
Nice
Airpuff: Jeebuss! What is wrong with people today
otakon: you were kicked out at 17 ? how so ?
kirzstryfe: what happened to your old colors?
8,6got bored
chat derp ?
nvm
Buffer
*akward silence*
Phase4 still there?
Nittany_Discord: http://fav.me/d53jj4q
Alister: I did something stupid in taking money from my mother. but they were already giving me grief over having a part time job in the middle of summer RIGHT after getting out of school. Like they expected me to have a 6 figure salary right out of High School or something.
I'd Tap That?
killerpony7733: phase went home
/me chucks walnuts at Airpuff
/me dances around chat
10Cheesecario.
Unnr darn think i discovered my very very old pony_*insertnumer* nick
And now its time to go to sleep
Reikim: I'm currently out of work, looking for the past 10 months and even am applying to unemployment to help with bills around the house.
g´night everypony
ello DeathStar
/me throws peanuts at Om
otakon: sounds harsh , At least my parents understand the importance of superior studies in order to make money and I wanna make that moeny to escape from their control
night Unnr sleep well see you tomorrow for Zombieland!
Night night Unnr :)
/me dances on peanuts
03<bluesun> Ash: I wonder what this Pokemon is?
03<bluesun> http://serebii.net/anime/pictures/bestwishes/744/DP126.jpg
03<bluesun> :@
03Reason # 127 to not watch the new series
03and that's DP, even'
Unemployement ? I can't say I approve
otakon: Well that sucks pretty badly. Keep at it, though. An opportunity will present itself, or you will create one.
Alister: well my mom wanted me to go to college but I didn't want to go immediately or have to worry about being in debt for 20 years.
Don't worry, this will make you think highly of Rebecca Black http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAeTbNtzHxk&feature=youtube_gdata_player
[1,0You0,4Tube]: Double Take - Hot Problems - Official Music Video | by | Length: | Views: 1.187.940
10Coughing
10That's who it is
why dosen't my cat understand that a jacket is for one person not one person and a cat!
Alister: I've been out of work for 10 months and it's not from lack of looking. I need assistance.
otakon: There are ways to avoid debt from college. My parents managed to get theirs paid off in about 10 years.
DeathStar: and hello dear.
Sorry won't be here for Friday Movie Night. I'll be here for Euro Movie Night. :)
hello otakon
otakon: I'm aiming to follow their example.
Reikim: yeah, but that was HOW long ago in comparison to now when costs were lower?
otakon: Trust me , My brother dropped out 1st year of college to wait another , he never got back to studoes
otakon: True, that's a good point. The world kind of sucks doesn't it.
Alister: well I didn't go to begin with but I see the similarity.
Reikim: eeyup
Altough , I can't say our situations are comparable , My province has some of the lowest costs of superior education
and that's why I like being here
Alister: Which one?
11,01Iron_Edge: Nice.
Reikim: Québec
11,01No outfit, though. Not enough time?
this place does not suck at all...unless you're talking time.
But we still have whiny students complaining about the prices
Alister: Thought so. I remember being taught something about that, a while ago...
WOAH!?
Wrek: why did go boom?
Coughing Cheesecarios are it
*Explodes*
03hm
Wrek: looks like a cloth hat
03actually, brb.
Alister: Who was it...I forget the name, but he basically singlehandedly took Quebec out of the rut it had been in for decades...
*Respawns*
Nittany_Discord: Im working on the real request already. but drawing your stallion takes mre time than your colt version -lol-
HA! STILL GOT IT! :p
10:P
10!pokemon
Skylands, you are a 4Cubchoo.
10!pokemon
Reikim: Josep-Bourassa ?
Reikim: I should move to Canada but then again everyone probably has that idea
10!pokemon
!eonget
4Pattyrick just got a female 5Eevee
10!pokemon
Skylands, you are a Axew.
Weee
Watch out for spahs
10!eonget
Nittany_Discord: I'll have your real redraw sometime tonight. I've already got the base done just have to add a few details and color.
!pokemon
Pattyrick, you are a Marill.
10!pokescram
Scrambled word is "ddoihs". To guess at what the word is type !pokeguess (Your guess here). Type !pokehint, !pokehint2 or !pokehint3 for a hint.
I'm cool
Iron_Edge: can we see?
Alister: might have been him. I can never quite remember, but that sounds right.
Hi everypony!
10!pokehint3
otakon: our economy is just a little less shittier than yours
The first four letters of the current word are "oddi"
10!pokeguss oddish
10Oh
hiya OtakuTom
10!pokeguss oddish
11,01Iron_Edge: OK.
otakon: see what?
Alister: a little better is still better
10!pokeguess oddish
That's correct! Great job Skylands! You now have 4120 Points.
Hey OtakuTom
Wow, that's Oddish
00,10da hell
10Blurh
Ohai OtakuTom :)
Iron_Edge: the pic you drawing(forgive my horrible damn grammar)
00,10bit over zellous on the back stab
otakon: If you move here, you have to be ready to deal with a) winters that freeze your ass off, and b) a government that's slowly trying to emulate the US but is actually going in the opposite direction.
03OK
?
03WBs are back, but some of them need to be updated
But then, governments everywhere suck.
KO
/me dances off to go get some lunch
03I know Angel_Umbreon's is still the old one
Damn Liberals indeed
03who else had me change a WB for them within the past 3-4 months LOL
o-o
03as those will still be old
10Prolly me
10One sec
otakon: -lol- oh sure, but im not finished yet. It wont be finished till sometime tonight.
02*WB03(Skylands03)02WB* - <Skylands> 10Apparently I saved myself a memo last night titled "cake" and all it says is "I love it so much"
03yeah, what'd you have it changed to
10yeah
03too lazy to read logs :P
10uh
10sec
yay drf remembers me
Reikim: I don't mind the cold and a government that is going the OPPOSITE of the US atm sounds good. Damn stupid corporate stooges at this point the US government is.
Alister: You're aware we have a Conservative majority, yes?
04hurr
mine is ridiculously old
Reikim: In Québec it's the oppposite
Socialists
00,10Supprised wrek did't see em by the door
Reikim: a Canadian conservative is a liberal compared to a US conservative
03I know
03it's still there
Alister: Oh, provincial level.
03I restored a backup from February
o-o
*refreshing
Alister: Didn't Québec vote a lot of NDP in the last federal election?
03I think the only script I added since then was !drfage
seriously, friggin nazi's practically in this country
03the drftime and all that are still there
!drftime
02[The current time where I live is 0321:58:1002 on 03Thursday, 06/14/201202. I am in 03Eastern Standard Time02, also known as 03GMT -5 Hours02.]
I'm going to try and nap, later ya'll
Reikim: Yes it did , NPD is a social democratic party
10My dad just used the terminology "iPad phone"
10What is this
Lol, you totally would
bye Om sleep well
niteom
league of legends
Om
See you Om
:3
iPad phone? Really? 0__o
.
10Yes
Hello everypony
hello Princess_Luna
bye Om
Interesting
Hello Princess_Luna
10Mother asked a question about iPad
Alister: Ah, you said "Damn Liberals" so I assumed you were referring to the party specifically.
Hi Princess_Luna
It's an enlarged iPhone
10Dad was like, "an iPad or an iPad phone?"
There
.
03apparently my mom was considering buying a tablet just for our trip to California
hello random pony
10Coming from someone who has an iPhone...lol
03I';m like "um, if you're serious, you can just borrow mine, I never use it anyway"
Reikim: I hate all the parites may it be provincial or federal , none of them offer true freedom
Hello and goodbye Princess_Luna
parties*
.
Sorry, the chats being a douch
Have you had any luck on your iPod, drf?
03yeah
PrincessLuna: it happens sometimes
03I jailbroke it
Hai PrincessLuna :P
panda: I'm leavin now!
Selling it like you wanted?
03oh
03nah
03I still have it
03someone want to buy it? :P
Om: :( why?
Tsk, Alister...a government will never be able to offer true freedom. The human race is similar to sheep in that, without restrictions and guidance, we will inevitably wander and become victims of our own nature.
panda: he's taking a nap
No, just wonderin'
otakon: oh
panda: Need to nap e_e I'll be on later
Om: have a good nap ^^ i was gonna take one too... but im on the clock^^^
Anypony in the ranks of the New Lunar Republic?
Hello PrincessLuna :)
I do have a question about a certain computer
03k
Reikim: yeah, but goddammit I wish the US gov't would stop looking out for the goddamn 1% in our country
PrincessLuna: RIGHT HERE SIR!
Reikim: All a governement has to do is assure the principle of non-infraction
panda: Alright then :) good luck to you AND I"M GONE!
On that same night that you were jail breaking your Pod, you put up a couple links to some decent PCs, a Gateway and an ASUS desktop
Alister: But that's the point. That can't happen. A government, by definition, has to meddle in the affairs of its citizens. It has to enforce rules. Without enforcement, all the rules go up in smoke.
and he's GONE
I was looking at the ASUS and it looks pretty amazing
Bye O.
otakon: All the ''1%'' is doing is making profit. Individuals have a right to make money
I think the chat derped
'DANG IT! :'(
Do you remember it at all?
03vaguely
I was going to ask, do you think that's worth getting?
Alister: yeah, at the expense of everyone else with cutthroat business practices and special treatment from the government.
Reikim: For that we need basic rules that protect us from Violence , Theft , Fraud and things as such. nothing more
$1000 includes 16 GB of ram, 2 TB hard drive, Windows 7 included, 4 USB 3.0 ports, and more
otakon: I'll have to google that
Skylands
03that's...
Oh my god.
one of my friends
03fairly overpriced for that tbh
Alister:you NEVER heard of Enron?
don't click that
I HATE TEAM FORTRESS 2.
gave his dad 2 ubuntu cds, a debian one and one gparted one
goodbye.
wait, mfw theres a enron discussion in BronyState.
Hold on I'm googling it
Alister: But that counts as infraction. If a government swears non-infraction, it stops being a government.
hiya DerpyWhooves and bye...
03I can get you Windows 7 for free, 16GB of RAM costs like... $60? 2TB hard drive about $150
Hmmm
when he came back to check them later, his dad had labelled them ALL ubuntu
WallDives: it came up
03and most motherboards have USB 3.0 now
I DO!
I havent heard about them since I was what, 12?
I LIKE CAKE!
I facepalmed pretty har
d
03so as long as you can find processor and motherboard for less than like $800... LOL
03and that's really easy to do so yeah
MMMMMMM CAKE! *Drools*
03I'd just say to build your own honestly
03it'll be cheaper and you get good experience :P
CAKE!
Alister: find it yet?
I LOVE CAKE!
Reikim: By that I mean something has to impose security and justice , an objective force.
Sorry, the cake is a lie.
*Keeps drooling*
I'D LIKE SOME POUND CAKE!
I'DLIKESOMEPOUNDCAKE!
XD
otakon: you got ninja'd
Alister: An objective force. Where does this objective force come from?
It comes with an i7 Ivy Bridge with up to 3.8 on Turbo Boost I think?
02*WB03(Skylands03)02WB* - <Skylands> 10I don't know where I am but the food in the fridge is awesome
panda: um...if only by a millisecond
It's gotta be home :3
otakon: still ninja's none the less ^^
Reikim: A police that SHOULD only make the non-infraction principle respected
10Oh u
03<Pattyrick> It comes with an i7 Ivy Bridge with up to 3.8 on Turbo Boost I think? <- that's pretty good, I don't know anything about turbo boost though
03mine's an older i7
03before Sandy Bridge came out
03as SB was terrible :P
turbo boost is pretty cool
urgh SB
3CPU: Intel Core i7 960, 3.21 GHz, 0 KB (100% Load)
Alister: so, you find out about Enron yet?
03exactly
I'm on linux mint atm
03I've heard Ivy Bridge was supposed to be good
wait !
*Falls to the floor and lands in puddle of drool*
03but I have no experience so I can't answer
it's uses a sandybridge driver
.-.
03LOL
Mmm cake.
Turbo Boost = I believe faster when multitasking with a hard load
/me mops up the drool and burns the mop.
Alister: Before we continue...a libertarian society is one in which a citizen is not allowed to limit another, yes?
03yeah I'm lucky I got my stuff just before that
drf
Reikim: exactly
03well yeah, that would make sense Pattyrick, but how is that different than overclocking :P
my taskbar doesn't flash
Like hardcore gaming, lots of programs, etc.
Nittany_Discord: is playing too?
Chu guys talkin about
because the stupid driver
03it's just controlled overclocking, really...
doesn't work properly
Alister: How far do you plan on taking that?
*Gets up* I'M COOL! I'M COOL! :D
Oh, lord, more politics?
Red_Pegasus: governments
I see
Randomnerd: not really
03my 3.2GHz can be easily overclocked to 3.6, probably 3.8
03but I really don't have any need to
03and no sense in possibly burning it out faster
I'll be away for a few hours
Reikim: What do you mean ? I wanr freedom for everyone that is simple
Poly|AFK|: alright :D
I will return
otakon: whew. would you believe I actually write for a small-times political blog? XD
03I tried to overclock my RAM and that sorta failed LOL
Goverments? Don't get Half life's Civil Protection evolved.
Randomnerd: no I would not
13found wrek
Shizuka: lol
I've heard that the i5s are the best processors for the money, but i7 is now good for gaming
Alister: But how far will that freedom extend? And then I could ask "what is freedom/does freedom exist" but I don't feel like going there tonight.
03u
03*um
03I wouldn't bother with i5.
03it's not THAT much cheaper
Shizuka: :D
otakon: lol. I do, that's how I avoid talking politics elsewhere.
/me dances back into chat with some noodles
Randomnerd: ah
IT BURNS!
And i7 is getting g quite a bit better now
Shizuka is best pyro
Shizuka: Dat shizu revenge! >:3
lol
BURN BABY BURN! DISCO INFERNO!
otakon: XD
Reikim: All I'm saying is that as human beings we have a choice to make and responsibilities to make, When we agree on both , we should have the right to proceed
looool overclocking RAM
03well
take*
03DDR3 is usually 1066MHz
03mine can do up to 1600 or 1866 or somethign
There are brave men at our door! Let's go out there and kill them!
03but you have to overclock it
Alister: You'll need to clarify that.
$ cat /proc/cpuinfo | grep 'model name' model name	: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-2670QM CPU @ 2.20GHz
03DDR2 did both 667 and 800 without overlcokcin,g it's a bit weird
er
03*overclocking
$ cat /proc/cpuinfo | grep 'model name'
model name	: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-2670QM CPU @ 2.20GHz
Alister, Reikim please don't make it too crazy. I suggest taking that into PM for the time being.
03LOL overcocking, that sounds fun
/me runs
*Slides to the left*
drf, it's official: Not even I could attempt to afford a new Retina MacBook Pro LOL
PM? Ha. I have a room for that.
lmfao
*Slides to the right*
eat the sammich
Too many lols
hiya xmasskills
hi otakon
Ohai xmasskills :)
that's my CPU
processor
If the will of the majority was important that individual freedom. Then there would still be racist laws
Besides, at this point we usually end up seguing into philosophical maundering, and that's just fun.
more*
Reikim: ah
Ponies47: ive been here for like 20 min...
Wrek: :D
8,6http://prizes.org/Create-a-limited-edition-8-x-10-work-of-art-for-the-bronycon-documentary-1?eid=Dvex3dwjQkXBKIVK_HInGQ
8,6>.>
03wtf does "grep" even do?
kirz: dat advertisement
grope
xmasskills: Oh guess I didn't see yeah :P
filter
:p
The only philosophy we need is ponies.
8,6<.<
Hy, oh u
urgh
So anyway, although nitpicking at philosophical ideals is fun, it's more fun to muse on the fundamental nature of human existence.
my driver is "Intel Sandybridge Mobile"
-_-
03>drivers
03>CPU
03wtf?
13shizu with the defense
03usually only video cards and whatnot need drivers, CPUs juts work
03*just
was unrelated
11,02Yay, I got my new computer today :D
03weird
Yay, 4:11 in the morning
I was talking about graphics driver
SuperBrony64: YES!
03it didn't need any of that for Windows, remember :P
yay SuperBrony64 is it good?
03oh
Question: How much freedom does a human being have a right to? Is such freedom good for the human race? For that matter, what is freedom? Is anyone truly free? And so on.
03EW ONBOARD GRAPHICS
11,02It awesome ^-^
03I hate the way new laptops are set up
Ohai SuperBrony64. Lucky :(
I dunno drf
I'm on linux atm
kirz: I thought you colorized that picture in the color of the Main 6?
Wrek: dat high tone :)
03where they have a split between onboard and dedicated
SuperBrony64: will it make you stream better?
/me dances on SuperBrony64 s new computer
Freedom is quite the loaded topic.
03my sister's is like that
03it's so stupid
SuperBrony64: Woot woot
indeed
I don't think there's any drivers out for my video card
03my laptop has *only* a NVIDIA 160M
but what about Domfree?
can someone give me password to the server their playing on stream?
I really need a new computer :(
11,02panda: Way better :3
SuperBrony64: YES NO MORE LAG!
Revolution08: ask Shizuka or Wrek
since I have an intel radeon 7960 or something
I don't care if freedom will always be the best option. It's the only one for me
that was fun
03er, AMD
/me picks up DeathStar and gives her a hug 'Hai ^-^ my computer lieks u :3'
Got my vote, Kirz :)
SuperBrony64: i hope you enjoy your new stuff
Lunaughty: I'm you biggest fan !
Alister: oh really?
DeathStar: well, you're popular today
linux doesn't support my ATI atm
/me hugs SuperBrony64 back "yay ^^"
What is freedom?|
Alister: come with me to private chat
/me glomps DeathStar
And I don't want to bother writing drivers for it myself
otakon: i know ^-^]
That was fun, thanks for the game guys :3
because >effort
/me hugs panda
13panda: ?
fun fun fun
xD
Shizuka: yeah?
urgh
Nvidia support on *nix*
13you wanted to ask me something
11,01Yep. That game sucked for me.
i think everyone loves DeathStar
Shizuka: ill pm you
Nittany_Discord: :D
Shizuka...i got me eye on ya
gpu support in general is crap
05Shizuka: RoE?
:|
Freedom is an app that locks you off the Internet.
O///O I'm sure not everyone loves me
13not tonight
Prick: be careful, she'll poke it out on ya.
yeah HML
even with open source intel drivers LOL
05k
/me Wubs DeathStar <3
Gtg to bed, goodnight Master of the Universe, drf, Drake rabies cat dragon, Cheesecario supporter, precious metal cleaner, Hyper é
11,01Shizuka complains about being bad, but she's twice as good as me.
'tis why you don't game on linux
8,6anyone up for some SC2?
I don
/me pokes Midnight_Tempest
13i get lucky
I don't plan to
Bah, nobody cares. That's okay, though.
And which is why I have a windows partition
though, emulators work
so I can play games
I wub DeathStar :)
emulators?
barely
yeah
i wanna get a pinkie pie wallpaper know any good ons?
11,01You have a lot of luck.
like?
SNES/Genesis, DOSBOX
I have to fix my gaming desktop before I can play SC2 :(
Mupen64Plus sucks
Badly
i might Starcraft
I wub you all too /)^3^(\
Shizuka doesnt always get lucky, but when she does, shes still better than Nittany_Discord XD
Ah
panda: lol
DeathStar: wubs!
N64 emulators work fine on linux
Pffft
software manager has stuff
well, it is configuring them which is a pain
Prick: Go on EQD and check the drawfriends. They have a lot of art that's surprisingly good for wallpapers.
it's not that bad
It's way too late if I saw something naughty in Panda's statement.
no GUI so :p
kk
XD
i didnt know they have any
Reikim: O_O i cant look at Shizuka in THAT way... shes like... an older sister ^^ or something
eqd feature art is about 90% of my wallpaper folder
0hno
battery at 7$
Shizuka: wait... that "not tonight" was that directed at me?
Prick: Oh they have a ton. They do a drawfriend every day and a wallpaper post semi-regularly.
/me 11,01dusts panda
's graduating)
panda: Personally, as much as I wub Shizuka, I am absolutely terrified of her.
Nittany_Discord: hehe you like dusting huh?
and it has a stuck page down key
11,01Yes.
as in, hardware stuck
Reikim: whats scary about her?
:|
Nittany_Discord: :) see i told you, im gonna keep ya in mah pocket XD
panda: I see you weren't here for the Doom3 stream.
11,01I don't fit in people's pockets.
Dang nice picture of Twilight. O_O
Nittany_Discord: :( even if they are big pockets?
11,01No.
Nittany_Discord: :( maybe just on my shoulders then?
11,01Yeah, sure.
panda: We'll see...we could probably ask her during the Zombieland stream.
gavman2004
^^
Reikim: alright
this isnt starcraft >:(
Nittany_Discord: hehe YAY! you could dust my cieling fans with that height XD
Hi guys
11,01Sure.
o_O
/me puts dust back on panda
remove it
disable it from bios
panda: you can keep me in your pocket if you like but you'll have to let me out to dance
or something
03wtf
03since when do laptops let you disable individual keys in the BIOS
depends on your bios functionality
DeathStar: hm.... which pocket would be easier for you to get out of if i forget? XD
technically it's possible
but requires a lot of bios hacking and making the function yourself really
otakon: dang it! you and om! stop putting dust on me!
05dat rp
05must i issue basn for you to stop?
05bans*
Wrek O_O
05oh well. im done streamign for the night
05time to sleep
night Wrek
night wrek :)
Tata Wrek
Wrek: night night! and good game, even though you pwned me hard :D
good night Wrek sweet dreams
night Wrek sleep well thanks for the stream
Night Wrek ~
Wrek: snipe some z's
panda: fine <.<
Night Wrek.
Wrek: Later
otakon: XD
Wrek: and may the force be with you
Hey anyone know the name of the song?
11,01Another shameless Bronyfunds plug: Our event is still going on. Tell your friends. We have $660 so far and need $2500.
11,01Fanfic reading tomorrow.
/me curses his lack of money
Nittany_Discord: Which fics?
11,01I think MLD.
Woot
I'm probably gonna cry :'(
8,6looking for a few more crazy people for some starcraft 2
Anyone? Song name?
Nittany_Discord: I can't donate, I'm sorry, and I don't have all that many people to tell. Is there anything else I can do?
05id join kirz but timezones
oh me me me me me me kirz
Nittany_Discord: :)
05Reikim: you can write dat fic
unless you are not euroserv
8,6US serv
Wrek: What happens if I write it? Need some details, here.
11,01Tell your friends anyway.
Wrek: What's the name of the song that was just on?
Nittany_Discord: already on it :D
03want to make me a custom BIOS for my laptop? :D
11,01But EqD and DHN.
kirzstryfe: what type of sc game u playing?\
05brothers in arms
not possible in the BIOS xD
11,01*Bug
8,6not sure yet
I donated 50 bits proud to say ^-^
I don't even think
Thanks.
removing the key will stop it
because I did
8,6maybe another regular game, or a mod
kirzstryfe: cuz i suck at the regular game
so electrical borks
/me glomps kirzstryfe
11,01Spam EqD and DHN for us. I've sent something to them today.
8,6we all do lol
anypony want me?
unless I can find what the weird [[4~] is mapped to
/me runs away
Lunaughty: Define want....
since it spams the terminal with that
are customs regionLocked?
Lunaughty: jk :D
11,01Do you want a kick Lunaughty?
Nittany_Discord: They already did a post on it, and they regularly do followups on the project iirc. Not much else to do.
Lunaughty: I wan't you! I'm not sure what for though :\
11,01They posted us?
13http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony/comments/v2p0q/and_so_the_humble_bundle_v_is_over_and_the_winner/
Nittany_Discord: Pretty sure they did. They did last time, anyway.
Nittany_Discord: Ah, no, I'm sorry. Wires crossed. Spamming them now.
/me is listening to 3»»2 Intimacy by Linn Van Hek on The Terminator (1984) 3«»2 00:28/03:35 [22,2|2,2|33,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|2] 3«»2 320 kbps mp3 - 8.23MB (WinAmp) 3««
/me hides
03I love this song though
03though nobody knows who the frick Linn Van Hek is XD
Shizuka: doesn't that just make you smile.
Oh Shizuka, are you going to stream the expansion of Doom 3 tonight?
13not tonight
13not for a while
11,01Last nights My Little Art Challenge stream brought $160 in. It was a blast to be a part of that.
ah okay.
o,o
ah resurrection of evil. I wasted an entire birthday on that game
00,02wooooo!
Who? :P
00,02at home :3
not bad for a few hours worth of work?
03http://www.discogs.com/Linn-Van-Hek-Intimacy/release/764458
03some girl
03dunno, it's from the Terminator soundtrack
8,6RoboGerbil, want to play some Runling Run? :3
kirzstryfe: sure
wb Phase4
Nittany_Discord: what pic won?
8,6anyone else want to play a round of Runling Run in Starcraft 2, US servers?
So if I write Wrek's fanfic, will somebody donate to Bronyfunds?
11,01It's not a competition.
11,01It's just a challenge.
03http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRBhxizY_TE <- I... was not aware a video existed
[1,0You0,4Tube]: LINN VAN HEK - INTIMACY (original Terminator video clip) | by | Length: | Views: 29.052
11,01Draw something related to a set theme within 30 mins.
Oh hey Kirz, I can
03also the beat is different in that than the final mix o.o
kirzstryfe: Hey can I?
11,01http://my-little-art-challenge.tumblr.com/
8,6yeah
08,01do any of you watch How I Met Your Mother?
08,01because this happened on Reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/berlin/comments/v18ae/the_best_burger_in_berlin/
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/950/
when i click on newsletter it goes to last weeks
00,02i dont watch but lets see anyway
Nittany_Discord: wait... is that going on now?
00,02sonicrainboomer259, i'll check that
/me 08,01glomps Bronysith
08,01so this weird tingly sensation has been happening in my ankle
08,01anyhoos
Sorry, thats me
08,01i need to go back to Berlin
I live inside ankles
08,01and find my favourite burger place
...anypony else for some starcraft2?
08,01because my god
yay,a member of staff responded to me:$
kirzstryfe: um... is it free to play?
08,01best burger i have ever tasted
08,01in my life
Nittany_Discord those are really nice drawings, too bad i can't make a decent stick man
panda..nope...
Shamroc: :(
08,01i know the rough area of where it is, but not the exact name or location
08,01any berliners in?
DeathStar: i know right? :D he should stop at the states since we are close :)
anybody know what PPP means?
Midnight_Tempest..stop being ze afk!
8,6sorry, have to pay to own starcraft 2
sonicrainboomer259: um... People Pony Pony?
kirzstryfe: :( aww
11,01Some real talented artists there. Quality art done in ~30 mins.
popcorn pepsi ponies
Nittany_Discord: oh um... did you... erm... you know
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/927/ Nittany_Discord
panda pony party?
DeathStar: there we go :D
Popcorn, Pepsi, ponies
suddenly stream :D
11,01So many ponies.
11,01How many ponies can I get away with here?
PPPP means popcorn, pepsi, ponies AND Portal still alive
Nittany_Discord: OVER 9000!!!
dat FF7 Nittany_Discord :D
Nittany_Discord: enough.... TO PIERCE THE HEAVENS!
11,01115 ponies?
Nittany_Discord: keep adding more untill it implodes if it only explodes you haven't done enough
GIVE ME PONIES!!!
inb4 computer crash
ponies is code word for element 115
We MUST reach critical pony mass
OH DEAR! O_O
... eww... anyone here hate jersey shore as much as me?
Bam ponies everywhere
everybody hates it
panda: I do
FUN FACT: there is a mineral called cumtonnite
Nittany_Discord: ff7 oir ff6 which you like better?
O_O nittanty
So many ponies
Doesn't look like 115
11,01I have not played any more them.
Ponies47: its on the tele... like... really?
11,01*of
/me lolz so hard he dies of cuteness
SPITFIRE!!!
Nittany_Discord: zoom out ^^

panda: eeyup
Nittany_Discord: zoom out so we can see them all?
11,01My computer is straining.
00,10the talking is what's probably killing it
inb4 computer crash
The pony is too much for your computer to handle
Nittany_Discord: whats your specs?
DAT NIGHTMARE MOON!
DIAMOND TIARA?! DELETE THAT BITCH
^
sonicrainboomer259: :(
oh pinkie

That's a lot of desktop ponies
what even?
nothing ^-^
Midnight_Fyre: you dont say?
:D
Does Blues make his weird face ?
Midnight_Fyre: no such thing as a lot of desktop ponies
i just beat portal 1 today!!!!!!
sonicrainboomer259: congratulations
dat molestia!
Nittany_Discord: woah thats alot of ponies now
Bronysith: You are thinking of too many desktop ponies. There is such a thing as a lot though
/me gives sonicrainboomer259 some cake
O_O OH MY
11,01We need more ponies.
sonicrainboomer259: WHERE?!
are these shimeji?
Nittany_Discord: thats gonna make MY computer crash1
Nittany_Discord: /)
11,01(\ Bronysith
i like how everyone responded to me
11,01This is slowing my PC down right now.
what is this place, filled with so many ponies?
Nittany_Discord: Opera!
I only see one of each pony. To be show accurate we need multiple copies of each background pony. Get on it
Nittany_Discord: add ponies until your PC crashes. You know you want to.
Hiya everypony
Hi Shimmer
o hai Shimmer
/me glomps Shimmer
Hey Shimmer.
RUN FOM HER RARITY,RUN FROM MOLESTIA!!!
Anyway i'm going to sleep now everypony :)
night killerpony7733
Night night killerpony7733 :)
ohh gog so many ponies
...Dem ponies.
So Wrek, I'm going to start that fic now, because it's nearly midnight and that's the time when the crazy ideas fly best. And other specifics you'd like to mention? PLot, writing style, POV, tone, etc, etc?
Adding more ponies is NOT going to end well
THE CAKE ISNOT A LIE!!!!
If I put that many DesktopPonies on my computer my computer would crash! *Laughs in a very evil way*
sonicrainboomer259: yes it tis
Is that a 19" screen? O.o
I feel sorry for the streamer :(
Well ,I think that I'm gonna go to sleep. Good Night Everypony !
Night Alister.
night Alister
/me 11,01dusts Shimmer
beat "still alive" and watch the ending, k'???
Night night Alister :)
03http://imgur.com/gallery/ZE0Gu
Dat rainboom spam
OH SHIT
Nittany_Discord: 200 rainbow dashes? thats 200% cooler
night Alister
rainbow O.O
SO MUCH DASHIE! 6_9
nite you too Bronysith
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/475/
WOW
inb4 computer crash
killerpony7733: that's not very good maths it would be more like 400% i think
MFW i realized i was a brony http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2117/
i look away and come back to 1000 RD's O_O
11,01No, 200.
Killerpony7733: more like 2000000000000% cooler
Nittany_Discord: your desktop is 100000000000000000000000000000000000000000% cooler
And his performance is 100 percent crappier
Shimmer: XD
Bronysith: YES PLEASE! :)
11,01Can I do 1000 RDs?
stepped away for a moment. Ohai Rainbow Dash
Nittany_Discord: O_O
OMG ITS A HOT Octavia x Vinyl scratch shipping http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4506/
Nittany_Discord: LE GASP! :o
Nittany_Discord: you must!
Shimmer: not 100% yet it hassn't crashed
1000 RDs is probably too cool for your pc
Bronysith: XD you troll
I'm kinda expecting a crash
Nittany_Discord: mother of god!
/me crash glomps into otakon
/me crash glomps into OtakuTom
*takes off sunglasses*
OtakuTom: you were right
11,01It's warning me of a crash.
Nittany_Discord: warnings are for losers
Nittany_Discord: awww rainbow crash :D
Bronysith: dat trolling BASTARD!!!
Nittany_Discord: NO REGRETS!
Nittany_Discord: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4802/
When I get my new gamer pc in a week I'll try 1k RDs
Just4fun
Shimmer: ill try it right now actually
00,10Try not to break mips in the process Nittany_Discord
I want desktop ponies on my laptop....WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH:'(
11,01Can MIPS break from this?
00,10So get them on it sonicrainboomer259
Sumica: dude its like. all of our computers explode at once
Hi
Haha
00,10you can lock up the channle if you crash out yeah
So much rainbow
11,01Oh.
Nittany_Discord: YOUR CRAZY! :o
11,011000 didn't crash, but it's barely running.
your fps is now under 0.1, congrats nitt
inb4 computer crashes
now find waldo!!!
too many RDs.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3665/
DeathStar: That would be awesome. XD
1000 RD o.o
11,01It's like an ant field of Rainbow Daashes
11,01*Dashes
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/44/
???? Rainbow all across the stream! Ow Wow! OMG!
Desktop ponies have now become the official where's waldo automatic creator
inb4 changeling army
Nittany_Discord: if they were fluttershys we would most likely be dead from the diabetes of cutenenss
I gotta restart my computer hold on
Nittany_Discord: Put 1 pinkie pie in there so we can play find pinkie
00,10999 dasies and one lyra
FlareChaser: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3832/
Bronysith: if they were fluttershy then we would have the best forest on Nittany_Discord's computer
FIND LYRA!!!
Type CO Diabeetus - CO = Cuteness Overload
Bronysith: makes sense.
dashy
Who here likes DBZ?
You
panda: I DO!
MFW sonic rainboom episode http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5234/
DeathStar: omg... did you know goku is a brony?
panda: no duh
Bronysith: XD i take it you know the video im referencing?
panda: of corse he is!
08,01man, i love r/physics
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3533/
08,01here is an example post title:
08,01"Big result from IceCube: They have found far fewer neutrino events associated to gamma ray bursts than predicted. This either means the favoured "fireball" model of GRBs needs heavy adjustment or that they are not the dominant accelerators for ultra high energy cosmic rays!"
panda:KA-ME-HA-MEEEEEEEE..............HAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!
08,01OP seems SO EXCITED
sonicrainboomer259: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4887/
08,01and i have no idea what he's going on about!
Bronysith: yes, yes i am :D
08,01<3 physicists
Bronysith: sorry
11,01All that says is "Theory wrong. Need to do some rethinking."
Bronysith: O_O oh no.. RUN RARITY!
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/828/
panda: .. you're the best physicist evar! :P
:d
Airpuff: O_O how?
panda: magic.
Airpuff: but im a earth pony :D
GNIGHT EVERYPONY and as always. MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU AND MAY YOU PIERCE THE HEAVENS WITH YOUR PASSION
Nittany_Discord: OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU!
does it look like i care? *points at face* :D
11,01Cya Bronysith
Nittany_Discord: wait... i thought you were.....
night Bronysith
Why does this look familiar? http://mylittlefacewhen.com/random/
Oh whoops. Bad link
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/206/
I'm back- BY CELESTIA
Pfft. This is nothing. You should try Automatic Mario.
11,01You missed 1000 Rainbow Dashes.
lol Automatic Mario
AHH!!!!MOLESTIA!!!!!
sonicrainboomer259: That's not Molestia...
you rescued the yellow Yoshi egg!
11,01What should I play? MP, Hard Reset, or Saw?
Confound Nittany_Discord, you will drive me to ignore sleep
saw :D
Saw.
Nittany_Discord: i wil love you forever for saw
11,01Saw then.
What's MP?
11,01Multiplayer
10!pokemon
oh
Skylands, you are a 5Simipour.
10Nope
wait... Nittany_Discord before you proceed, make sure everyone is ok with it... its pretty gruesome
11,01I've streamed it before.
Wait wait, these are all horror games, aren't they?
u know, Ive never played this mario
11,01Hard Reset is a cyberpunk game.
Nittany_Discord: Who are you talking with?
Oh.
Saw loses lots of its impact when streamed on Bronystate. We bronies just don't seem to get scared when we're together.
11,01I'm not talking.
Where do the voices come from? O.o
11,01Saw doesn't scare me period.
W-well...if Saw is really gruesome....how gruesome are we talking?
Nittany_Discord: oh ^^ i just thought you know... so everyone gets what they want :D
11,01But I'm talking about the game.
Reikim: thats goes for most get-together horror watching
04o-o
BACK :)
04!pokemon
DERPY
Drake, you are a 10Machamp.
04HUrrhowironic
derpy got a star too?
10Drake has muscle
How gruesome is Saw?
WindWhistler: well.. sawing off legs and other body parts
panda: of course not, derpy is invincible
11,01The first movie isn't that bad.
What are we watching?
panda: she dont need no star
Jspang1: XD
11,01The later ones are torture porn.
The 1st movie has the best thriller twist evah
Nittany_Discord: ^^ torture porn? :D
Wait. Saw the game, or movie?
04If you want to call it that, sure
11,01The game.
Alright.
Oh crap, I'm definitely not gonna be okay with it. I'll just be elsewhere until you're done streaming that game.
the movie with Adam West?
not Saw, Batman
Who's talking though? Am I the only one hearing voices from the stream? O.o
no
WindWhistler: im sorry :( thats why i asked
suddenly derpy
NO DRPY
you have to be happy
panda: It's okay. I get scared REALLY easily.
00,10SO do you think "quit f***ing calling me" is a good responce to a survay?
WindWhistler: need a hug brony?
Sumica:Yep.
@Sumica: f***ing yes
Sumica: yup
Sumica: I dunno...
Sumica: If they've called before, yes.
panda: Yes. I need a hug. D:
00,10it was either that or I fetch my airhorn for my favoret telemarker trick.
11,01Sumica: Yes.
Drake is strong man <3
/me shot
how to use desktopponies
/me hugs WindWhistler, "its alright, im here"
Sumica: In my country I can tell that they're surveys/sellers by the number, if it starts with 22 I don't answer :)
!pokemon
/me cries into panda's shoulder
00,10sonicrainboomer259, unzip them all to the same folder then use the exe
All male >3
04!pokemon
Drake, you are a 12Cradily.
I just extract them.
But I'm a baby
04nope
http://i.imgur.com/CIr19.png
!pokemon
Sumica: actually, when my mom gets old and gets alhzheimers or dementia, Im putting her on the phone with telemarketers. the best part is that she thinks its an awesome idea too
hiya Nittany_Discord what ya got for us tonight?
Bad
DERPY!
!pokemon
Sumica: I usually go with Piss off, the airhorn thing sound perfect for those telemarketers that keep calling back even aftger you tell them to erase your number
00,10yeah caler ID had that covered here as well but it's the 4th time in the last 2 hours
/me grabs Derpy and hugs her
!pokemon
.
Dired my luck ;-;
umm......what? 6_9
!pokemon
D;
BY CELESTIA, ITS MEGAMAAAN
11,01At least you don't have The Red Cross continuing to call you when you told them not to.
angle of the dangle
00,10well it's more then just useing the air hors Cypresswolf, first you keep talking quieter and quieter so they are forced to turn the volume up.
angle of the dangle
DEAR GOD
:D Brilliant!
i feel like I need to say that again
Air horse
Sumica: Oh, that's so cruel! XD
Sumica: :D
ANGLE OF THE FUCKING DANGLE
00,10then you use the airhorn
It's not supposed to go at an angle
Sumica: Don't they save those calls and provoke them to save your number?
11,01"We'll take you off of the call list." Days later: "Hi, this is X from The Red Cross..."
Hey hey hey
03http://chzvideogames.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/video-game-memes-this-plot-is-magnificent.png
00,10Fedral do not call list Cypresswolf
Stay out of my shed.
I gotcha :)
00,10they are in the wrong to be calling me in the first place
Red_Pegasus: Good *Pats head*
shoot things and dont get shot, you guys get that?
otakon: Doesn't look very yellow...
WindWhistler: it was originally
zero?
no
that was Protoman
11,01Sad that the DNC list doesn't apply to charities.
08,01Dear Princess Celestia, today I learned that synchronised swimmers are TERRIFYING: http://imgur.com/a/hcynR
11,01Because I would threaten The Red Cross with it the next time they call.
11,01Since they refuse to stop calling me.
sleepy dash, even pixelated, is diabeetus-inducing
Nittany_Discord: what is this?
bonjour
*Taps hoof on chin* Wait a sec did I write my letter to Princess Celestia today?
Skauyaaaaa~
hiya too funny for his own good RAWRity
hence the large 64 on the fucking end
otakon: huh?
I already wrote my letter: Dear princess Celestia. Muffins.
11,01otakon: Retsuparae
we can read fucktard
Nittany_Discord: it's hilarious
lol
11,01What was the 64-bit part of the console?
Drf rofl
lol
DERPY
Daww did Bronysith go to bed? :'(
derpy makes this so much better
^
yeah
Jspang1: she makes EVERYTHING better
/me flies in
Derpy is best pony
otakon:correct
hiya Spitfire
hello~
DERPY!
NO! EVERYPONY IS BEST PONY! :[
SPITFIRE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
/me hugs Spitfire
He's hanging Derpy!! D:
I agree with ponibas|AFK
Me
11,01Derpy wins Derpy!
All the blood is gonna rush to her head
So, just finished watching season 3 of community. Very nice show. Too bad season 4 is going to SUCK
goddammi I mean I agree with Ponies47
hugs spitfire
Nittany_Discord: I love that you grab her underneath
how does i italics?
oh my God, FLIGHTS OF FANTASY!
Hey, anyone here heard of a show called "Blake'
use /me Jspang1
Gah
dat eyes of derpy
I remember that show!
"Blake's 7"
Jspang1: type /me
otakon: Okie..............doki.................loki :|
I loved Flights of Fantasy
Anyone heard of it?
well hello there RainbowJack and Jspang1
lol
dat RD
dat LOOK
:O
Anyone? "Blake's 7"?
nope
How is he doing that on the stream? :O
11,01I could do FF7 next time. I've never played an FF game.
RD looks like "What the Buck when you pick her up
/me hugs otakon
Nittany_Discord: please no
Nittany_Discord: Play 5. Best FF.
yay
I favored Terra in FF6
ITS PRONOUNCED EEEDOS RETARDS
Somepony plz tell me how I can get a Rainbowdash on my screen like that ._.
kicks a major Flank?
What is this?
11,01Listen to this video.
Browser Ponies?
BRB
Old school videogame report?
RainbowJack: exactly
11,01Here it comes.
i have always pronounced it Eye- dos :)
BACK :)
08,01http://i.imgur.com/xxOF6.jpg
lol
O_O BREAST CANCER?
pun obviously intended
you cant make a joke of this... it writes itself
otherwise they wouldnt have said it
and back
lol
i would buy that game
11,01Funny if this was the plot of the newest LC game.
and that was a true story
no i wouldnt
Flights of Fantasy was a cable show on video games
lol
haha C section?
omg
Nittany_Discord: omg! yes!
omg
O___________________o
Lol!
"And then her breasts get amputated"
08,01and also: http://i.imgur.com/uRpZN.jpg
To be fair, this came out of the 90's
otakon: hello
hiya panda
/me stretches
RyunosukeKnT: yeah I was there
the two prerequisites for any "successful" game was big boobs, and guns
/me 11,01dusts Derpy_Hooves
RyunosukeKnT: yes... yes that is true
RyunosukenKnT: Halo only uses one of those..............
just sayin
derpy
Derpy_Hooves: Hey der
Jspang1: you never know whats under the armour :)
hai
see: metroid :)
Gaming in the Clinton Years is hilarious compared to nowadays
LOL
/me 08,01stretches and curls up around otakon's feet
Nittany_Discord : pick up RD
RyunosukenKnT: well actually, you'd be surprised by the amount of people freaking out over Kats animated ass
08,01i'm oing to try and sleep again
early 90's was bad for gaming
08,01wake me up if the site's on fire
Eidos is like "Challenge accepted. It is so on."
11,01Right now is bad for gaming.
Wake up!
/me lites the sight on fire
/me has flintstones feet
he like your dirty feet
08,01otakon: because you have cute toesies
Bye everypony.
that is true too Nittany_Discord, but the early 90's wasnt much better ;)
otakon: Also they're on fire. Sunfire, to be specific.
Nittany_Discord: this is hilarious and that tomb raider 7
Bye Red_Pegasus
if only they KNEW what Tomb Raider 7 would be
bye Red_Pegasus take care
that comment
Somepony plz tell me how I can get a Rainbowdash on my screen like that ._.
i love RDs face when shes picked up by her tail
11,01Did the 90s have businessmen ruin it?
08,01BroKnee: sacrifice a filly to the alter of celestia
"a woman's got to do, what a woman's got to do, PERIOD"
11,01Hell, even E3 isn't for gamers anymore.
yeah kind of
BroKnee: its called desktop ponies :) download it :)
Nittany_Discord: kinda
11,01I guess we're repeating the 90s.
08,01BroKnee: but seriously, it's called Desktop Ponies
08,01google it
:3
Nittany_Discord: the 90's sucked....
BRING BACK THE 80'S!
i just went to the browser ponies website... i think im gonna be here a while
11,01Great games, but won't buy them because the companies don't know when enough is enough when it comes to selling you things.
11,01Or trying to fight piracy.
/me dances
is the stream black for anyone else?
http://lockerz.com/s/217209110
08,01Reikim: if only i could draw... asksungoddesscelestia.tumblr...
11,01Most people are ungrateful to be Rainbow Dash, but not you. Not anymore.
8,6need 1 more person for starcraft 2, 8 person ffa
00,10hehe yet you like a franchise that has milked fans for 7 movies to tell a story
saw?
why cant I hear anything?
Sumica: What franchise?
00,10Saw
/me dances
Saw has a story? I thought it was torture porn/
11,01It does.
/me 11,01was milked
/me hides behind panda
lol Milked Nittany_Discord ?
DeathStar: :) its fine hun, nothing too bad
Hugs DeathStar :)
11,01My milksakes bring all the fillies to the yard.
/me hugs Ponies47
DeathStar: You alright?
11,01Warning
00,10not so suttle atempt to redirect topic
/me suddenly appears in Nittany_Discord s yard "what on earth... oooh a milkshake!"
/me dances with DeathStar
Topic redirected. Hey look, a wild Batman!
yay Nittany stream
11,01Batman!
11,01But not Sumerpan?
oh God Saw
SAW!
My boothy gets all the boys to the yard
catchitcatchitcatchitcatchit
OH GOD THE HORROR
Matban
twilight_sprinkle: what movie is this :P?
Does somebody have a Master Ball?
otakon: Matban, the saw
no pokemon here
twilight_sprinkle: not Saw, the Natbam?
otakon: whos natbam?
HE WANTS THAT DAMN KEY
otakon: i only know matban
"You want this key?"
"I want it!"
I WANT THAT KEY
RUN DERPY RUN
DERPY GET OUT OF THERE!
and then she died grotesquely
NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
also my EARS
08,01may i whine and bitch a bit?
my screen is literally full of ponies and i LOVE IT
It's funny I thought a bunch of ponies would start leaving but more keep coming in :P
08,01MY GOD MY ANKLE HURTS SO MUCH
just NO
08,01about that.
i literally can almost not see my screen
Nittany_Discord: points for avoiding the b word
08,01Reikim: a small bone in my foot in
08,01*is
08,01otakon: i fell on it
08,01Big_Macintosh_1992: bitch please, im 25 and moveed back in with my parents
I love desktop ponies already ._.
Nittany_Discord : when do you get your Shotgun or portal gun?
what is the idea of this game? why are people trying to hurt you?
lol
I thought everyone was against jigsaw
i was just kidding
08,01and my mother is from india, which mAKES some issues... interesting
Jspang1: the idea is to be scared
dat laugh
oohhh thats Shocking\
twilight_sprinkle: you beat me
Jspang1: it's SAW, they think the only way to survice is to kill your ass when really if everyone co-operated you'd survive
twilight_sprinkle: well duh... i think halflife 2 is scarier than this
HE DOESN'T KNOW WHAT WENT WRONG!?
otakon: lol
Jspang1: yeah i agree
Nittany_Discord: dude you're echoing too
my RD just Laughtet
twilight_sprinkle: i about shit myself at the first fast zombie
Jspang1: oh god, the dogs in Resident Evil did that to me... I HATE THOSE GODDAMN DOGS.
Jspang1: lol i stopped playing after the headcrab in the water pipes outside the city jumped me. i was especially scared because i played that level before and it didnt happen
Jspang1 you need to play Deadisland
otakon: i never played resident evil
11,01This mic sucks and I can tell by the crap quality.
Jspang1: you should, it's a classic even if the controls suck and it's hard as hell
RainbowJack: i almost bought that, but then I got borderlands
Nittany_Discord: plus you're echoing
Jspang1: Borderlands is good
otakon: i played about five seconds of RE5
11,01otakon: I can't help it.
otakon: does that count>
?*
Jspang1: completely different game style so no.
Nittany_Discord: your mic is kinda going to die soon
11,01Need to fix VAC somehow.
otakon::'(
11,01Funny since the mic is relatively new.
Nittany_Discord: call upon the Techponies
tru
How do I make it so I can see my desktop ponies while playing games? :s
11,01It could be my mic or my sound card.
BroKnee: play in windowed mode
BroKnee: You have to make your game windowed, and then set the ponies to not go in that area.
we still love you Nittany_Discord
I want them on my game screen wile I play :3
/me hugs Nittany_Discord
BroKnee: i could never play like that
this is from an everypony.com forum : Tara Strong said on her twitter that she has info from reliable source that Tom Cruse is closed brony
Darn =/
otakon: we just discussed something
How is he? *Looks at the stream*
superretroworld: goddamn Tom Cruise
BroKnee: of course I cant play anyway as it is
i want him to answer me and not just ignore me when he gets frustrated lol
either that or not start it at all -.-
superretroworld: but tara might trolling
turuble, just turuble
Whos streaming? :
:
:D**
RIP headphone users
Airpuff: it's Nittany_Discord
hahaha
DeathStar: i dont think tara strong trolls, unless she hates tom cruise for a reason
Jspang1: yeah, thanks for that
Nittany_Discord: I wanna buy that so i can troll my friends :D
superretroworld: oh she trolls, she LOVES trolling
^
hello every one
lol
hai cow334
its alright Nittany_Discord, I have it turned down low anywya
Derpy is best troll
:V
hi cow334
Jspang1: I've got it on the lowest volume and it's STILL loud
hiya cow334 wb
otakon: im using headphones too, Im right there with ya
KILL HIM DERPY
EAT HIS SOUL
Valve, fuck yeah http://goo.gl/a3bd2
superretroworld: let him he's a fool. damn crazy ass scientologist
Ah, sorry, yt link
00,10realy need to figure out wth is wrong with your set up nitt. That mic is painful
i cant see shit, is that how the game is or is the stream bad?
otakon: it would make every ponies day if he jumped on the couch again only claiming this time hes a brony :D
Lambo: wow dem moronic comments
11,01Sumica: Bad plug I think.
11,01I know it's painful.
00,10could be
Jspang1: it's the game
superretroworld: lol
00,10sounds like digital interferance
11,01It's painful to listen to myself.
otakon: note to self, never buy this game
otakon: i hate dark games
13oh my
try pulling out the plug and in agian
13nittany i have a video for you later
00,10I think it might also be the gama is set realy low
otakon: i barely made it through ravenholm
we can hear you
we can hear you and its perfect!
and its way better
the mic works!
IT WORKS!
:D
Jspang1: ikr
Nittany_Discord : IT WORKS
11,01I had to turn the boost down.
Nittany_Discord: it's working now it seems
Nittany_Discord: but yeah you sound fine now
superretroworld: ikr to what
?
screw boost, where we're going, we dont need boost
you're not hard to hear at all
Nittany_Discord: I can hear you fine
Nittany_Discord : i can hear you just fine
Jspang1: dark games are annoying
twilight_sprinkle: lol at the bttf reference
Nittany_Discord: and I've got the volume on absolute minimum and your coming in loud and clear for me
Jspang1: Dragon's Dogma gets VERY dark but only at night.
Jspang1: :3
otakon: Borderlands can be pretty bad if your tv's brightness is terrible
this games needs more music variety
*game
otakon: which mine used to be
FFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
otakon: zombies on cod was really bad too
is hrenia supposed to be hernia?
Jspang1: yeah but with Dragon's Dogma its a design choice for night to be dark to inspire fear while traveling at night. You know, a sense of danger and uncertainty basically
otakon: right
|Discord|: what's wrong?
1050 points for schizophrenia gah how do you even spell it
twilight_sprinkle: i think you got it perfectly
o no, that was scary
the hell was that?
jigsaw needs to watch MLP
#sarcasm
uhhh just remembered i'm starting to go to the gym tomorrow...
Alan Wake?
Jspang1: oh watch it with that, counts as advertising other channels
hello sotha how's vivec and almalexia?
sotha: Saw 3
bieber? well now im scared
OH GOD NOT BIEBER!
Oh. lol
11,01And my computer crashed.
these movies were not meantto be made into a game
it doesnt work
buffering
Nittany_Discord: I wondered what happened that sucks
buffering
Nittany_Discord: but how are you here O.o
RainbowJack: who?
also sorry Nittany_Discord
HIS PC CRASHED GIVE HIM A MOMENT TO SET BACK UP
11,01Laptop.
00,10alright, lets try the "full" version of KSP
ah
Sumica: KSP?
otakon: the spaceship thing
11,01It crashes frequently when I run certain games.
00,10Kerbal space program
superretroworld : Jigsaw needs to watch MLP
^
00,10ohhh a new building on the space complex
11,011000 RDs didn't crash my computer though.
RainbowJack: i mean whos jigsaw?
"So I heard you didn't like ponies....you need to love My Ltitle Pony or you will die. your choice."
Nittany_Discord 1000?? wow, i need to try that
from the game that was streamed
RainbowJack: then he would kidnap haters and force them to watch the show, we would be one step closer to world domination
11,011000 ground it to a halt, though.
also what Vordox said
Jspang1 : thats what i ment
i only did 223 ponies
didnt crash but got laggy
Make it to the Mun safely yet, Sumi?
RainbowJack: to quote Big Mac, eeeeeyup
Nittany_Discord: Where do you go to get the ponys on the screen or is it something for bronystate members only?
00,10you had to add in safly did't you
Cheapest, most painless way to drive yourself insane? Sit yourself down in a room, and play a 20kHz frequency through it. Stay there for a number of hours.
11,01cow334: Desktop ponies.
:D
cow334: lol its a program, called desktop ponies
cow334: google browser ponies
or desktop
00,10looks like I will have to show you all the game when nitt is done.
And what dose it do dose it caost moeny
11,01I've made it to the Mun, but I haven't landed yet.
11,01I keep crashing.
cost
Reikim: are you MAD!? Goddammit man that would kill me
I just barely missed my last attempt. I think this time I'm gonna get it. Landing is hard tho
cow334: not that i know of, i think you just have to download it
Nittany_Discord: the Mun?
11,01The only ship that I can get to the moon each time has a descent engine that's too powerful.
11,01It's the Moon in KSP.
oh
otakon: the games way of spelling moon
11,01It's goes by Mun.
that weird game
Jspang1: oh okay then im going to get on it whoohoo
so is Luna than Luma?
otakon: obviously, shes Lona
You have to use the weaker liquid engine I think. It has vectoring, so it gives you better control than using the side thrusters. But it's weaker.
she is Loona
^
to the MUUUUUUNNNNN!!!!
otakon: Luna and Moon switched u for oo
Only for the moon-lander stage, tho.
the stream is buffering
sonicrainboomer259: he crashed give him time
buffering is a dirty word
Nittany_Discord: that's no moon <.< >.>
DeathStar: oh har har :P
DeathStar: isee what you did there
that sucks :/
Jspang1: that reminds me of unintentional math humor by my lecturer. ''The function U is an ugly function"
lol
unintentional humor is best humotr
Jspang1: or "Here is the function F(u)"(pronounced as eff you)
Any mares wanna be my date? :I
twilight_sprinkle: i remember having that lesson, half the class was crying from laughing so hard
DuskStarshimmer: thats like trying to find a date on chat roulette
oh god
what youre doing right now
Jspang1: yeh, there were a lot more work jokes in math
chat roulette
Jspang1, is that a yes?
god that place is SCARY
DuskStarshimmer: im a guy
/me dances
Jspang1, I still se no 'no' ?
/me dances with DeathStar
:I
DuskStarshimmer: correct
no mares want to rp a dat then? :I
ooooh
i thought you meant irl
6_9
Jspang1, lol I wish.
/me is awake
otakon: ive never been to that hellhole, but ive heard terrible stories
please, keep the rp to a minimum eh?
/me boops Om
Om: wakey wakey eggs and bakey
/me is discombobulated form boop
Jspang1: I could make some
/me fetches his recombobulator
._. oh man i hate those <censored> force reboots
Please do not swear. You have said a swear word 1 time(s).
Jspang1: well don't go. I had a friend he went there frequently, we saw some amazing things and some TERRIBLE HORRIBLE GOD WHY DID THEY EVEN things...
12doh!
/me laughs at Om's discombobulation
wb Om
12>.<
otakon: you found something amazing on a site like that?
otakon: Chat roulette: like Russian Roulette, only the scars are a lot more permanent.
otakon: my curiosity, ithas been piqued
its a word look it up
Jspang1: well, three pretty girls frolicking topless on the screen I consider a nice treat. I'll not describe the horrible...
Reikim: this
otakon: Well then! That is QUITE the treat.
otakon: its not like i dont know whats there, ive just never been
otakon: my heart goes out to you bro
Reikim: whats more permanent than death
/me turns my swag on
otakon: i intend to send a big bottle of brain bleach your way asap
Sheeny
twilight_sprinkle: See, if you're dead, you don't GET scars. This is the joke.
Y u remove me from call
I seriously frigin LOVE desktop ponies xD
;w;
03o.o
twilight_sprinkle: permanent marker I would know
/me huga in sadness
11,01Am I streaming?
twilight_sprinkle: half the things you see on chat roulette
*hugs
Jspang1: yeah, the way my living room was set up the PC was in the living room and you could see what the person on the PC was doing as they were next to the sofa. I've forgotten what else happened on chat roulette, blocked it out see?
11,01Nvm
Reikim: you get scars and they dont heal because youre dead
/me high fives otakon
got nothing Nittany
oh
^
twilight_sprinkle: Scars are healed wounds. No heal, no scars. Dead = no heal. Therefore death = no scars.
That's because people get tons of spam from us
my flash crashed AGAIN
otakon: HORRAY FOR BRAIN BLEACH
Lol
cuz there's like nine people and tons of messages
Mmm
thanks prince-lemon
YES THANK YOU SIR LEMON
Jspang1: I didn't get any from ya, my flash crashed. second time that's happened since I updated
03wait,w hat call, people were on skype?
Reikim: scars are wounds that werent fully healed, so you could argue that if youre dead and an injury doesnt heal, its a scar
Can I be re-added tomorrow?
Great knight of the Citrus realms.
sure? lol
Yes...
Dat prince-lemon! :)
WOW i want that clock
brb guys, apparently firefox has a update
Thanks btw xP
otakon: goddammit, i think its a problem on my end
otakon: givve me a second
Is the stream work? :(
twilight_sprinkle: Healing process is necessary for a scar. Also, I'm pretty sure an open bleeding wound isn't a scar, it's an open, bleeding wound. Studied first aid, you see.
prince-lemon: that'll be a cool old fashion thing to get
and Nittany_Discord we got no stream atm
^
Emissary of EQD
superretroworld: that's a bot atm I think "lemon" aka dari is asleep atm
And stuff
STREAMCEPTION!
WE HAVE STREAM
aort of
okay, brb applying firefox update
sort*
yay its back
THERE IT IS! :)
dat yay
aahh that YAY
finally
otakon: so somebody else does it for him or it automacially updates itself?
panda: Yay?
Reikim: itll stop bleeding, like a scar stops bleeding. the fact that a scar is something that hasnt fully healed you could say that a death injruy is also a scar
Nittany_Discord do the YAY agian
twilight_sprinkle: No scar tissue.
00,10I have no clue how to make a space plane
AGIAN!!!
twilight_sprinkle: Now to get technical. A scar is a formation of scar tissue.
LOUDER!!!
Nittany_Discord: would you mind turning down your game volume a little bit?
hello everypony
twilight_sprinkle: No healing process, no buildup of scar tissue, which usually only begins after the copious bleeding has stopped.
hi valoreins
hey valoreins
/me hugs valoreins
:$
Ohai valoreins :)
hiya valoreins, whos name looks like calories
:s
T_T
Reikim: you shouldve started with that :3
jjfjjfjjfjjfjjfjjfjjfjjfjjfjjfjjfjjfjjfjf
twilight_sprinkle: Also, a scar is technically a healed injury.
00,10buhahahahaha I have made a rocket car instead
o celestia why did i hit enter
valoreins|Drawing
BROHOOFS FOR EVERYPONY! /)
/me brohoofs Ponies47 back
04I saw a mudcrab the other day.
Reikim: except for harry potters
and back
dat fail
04Filthy creatures.
i was just hitting at my keyboard randomly
Ponies47: /)
Ponies47: /]
/me Brohoofs back
WHO TRIED TO LOG IN AS ME?
Ponies47: /)
twilight_sprinkle: It's not perfectly healed, but it's still healed, as in it's no longer bleeding everywhere and probably isn't an immediate danger to your health, unless it's on your heart, in which case you're screwed.
*(\
HUZZAH! FOR BROHOOFS! :p
twilight_sprinkle: you have steal hooves :D
Nittany_Discord: I think the ponies are causing you framerate issues
testing
superretroworld: iron, i am iron pony :D
so, what game i this?
o good
it's SAW
otakon: saw what?
Eddmario: SAW!!!!
i hate you so much Nittany
twilight_sprinkle: SAW
Nittany_Discord: needs more button pressing
otakon: SAW WHAT?!
my ears are destroyed
Nittany_Discord: needs more cowbell
Reikim: i get eeeeet
Nittany_Discord: Are you having fun!!?! :P
lolol
My brother saw a dead seal on the beach today
Frame rate is a bit low...
otakon: NO, MY MOMS A STATE FAN AND I GET TOO MUCH OF THAT
What is going and who is streaming?
Om: I blame Saxyprentender
04ew
doors are the most fun part of the game :D
otakon: Good enough for me.
;-;
Jspang1: too much of what?
Dead seal D:
do you any other SAW games???
Jspang1: oh cowbell lol
otakon: cowbell
Also lol mudcrabs
WE NEED MORE COWBELL
The night has grown long, my friends. Alas, though I would much enjoy remaining here yet a while longer, I must part for now. Good night, my little ponies; let not the night terrors sink their terrible claws into your hearts, but allow Celestia's warm radiance to fill your souls and Luna's gentle luminescence guide you through the dream realms.
tl;dr
Don't they look like dirt/rocks with crab appendages?
night Reikim sleep well and see you tomorrow I hope
/me glomps Reikim
wow even my chat died
goodnight
Reikim: bye
thanks Reikim
wtf just happened?
HEADSHAWT
good night Reikim sweet dreams
your head exploded
04yep.
why Nittany, why have you killed derpy?!
Night everyone.
why did your head explode? i dont understand
Jspang1: hes too smart
twilight_sprinkle: WE HAVE TO WARN TEWILIGHT BEFORE ITS TOO LATE
Jspang1: it's because I don't dance on it enough :( I faild him
Jspang1: he hit a trap that caused the six 12 gauage shotgun shells on that collar around his head to go off.
DeathStar, im sorry for ignoring you hun...
YES!
SHOTGUN!!!!
Jspang1: im not liking where this is going!
otakon: o yeah, this is saw
DeathStar: YOU CAN'T SAY THAT! YOU DANCE ALL THE TIME!
panda: it's ok
WOOOOOO DOORS
Landed it. the Mun has been doubled!
/me parties
twilight_sprinkle: not you, your an imposter
otakon: i know but... :(
hen3ry: yeah!
Nittany_Discord: THAT'S THE BEST PART OF THE GAME! :D
Nittany_Discord, tell me,how often do you think you'll die?
/me goes on an iTunes album art stealing spree
Jspang1: curses, how did you know?
sonicrainboomer259: he'll explode at LEAST twice
sonicrainboomer259: more than tobuscus does in his playthroughs
okay guys, hate to say it but it's 12:15 AM and I must be off to bed for the eveing
you rock, woohoo
*evening
otakon: 12:11 am? pffff
twilight_sprinkle: elementary my dear sprinkle. exhibit a, your name
night otakon
more than TOBUSCUS?! that'll suck
take care all and I'll see you tomorrow evening for the movie stream at the very least
Jspang1: damn, i always forget about that
sonicrainboomer259 ikr?
bye otakon
twilight_sprinkle: it's more of a electricity thing then a tired thing
twilight_sprinkle: lol
bye otakon
otakon: o_O well gnight
/me sings otakon a lulaby
so, take cae all and I'll see you later
nice twilight sparkle background, Nittany
Nittany_Discord: thanks for the stream man and good luck
bye!
sonicrainboomer259: thats actually only the chat background
sonicrainboomer259: his desktop is RD
SET 1001 PONIES
thats even BETTER!!!
twilight_sprinkle: thats my ipod background, the RD one
nopony can poni 1001 ponies to poni
how does i get a steam background like that?
:3
the game doesn't now quite how to handle this either... I can rotate the camera view under the ship... and the mun disappears (or you look through the rock)...
can you poni poni with poni and poni
twilight_sprinkle: 1001 ponies on screen... that would cause some corruption
Nittany_Discord, what other games do you have?
Jspang1: gimme sec ill link you my twilight wallpaper
superretroworld: you mean anticorruption
like?
sonicrainboom259: i saw portal 2 and both l4ds, thats all i saw
derpy is trolling
Alright... now to see if I can make it back to the ocean... got one tank of fuel left...
this is all i saw
twilight_sprinkle: do you happen to have an RD one?
get it, SAW
?
HAHAHA
O.o
evening, everypony! :) How are we all tonight?
twilight_sprinkle: i loveyou!
hi Sylandest
Hey Sylandest! Good thank you! :)
Sylandest: Good. I woke up a few minutes ago via nap
derpy is jigsaw? :O le twist!
ah
howdy, DeathStar! :)
Jspang1: :)
Om: ahh, good of you to join us then! :D
a 12 gauge, my worst enemy
Sylandest: Yar, and how u been?
derpys checking out jigsaw :D
What game is he playing?
Sylandest: good
Nittany_Discord: when was derpy in the movies?
Om: I've been good. Here after a long day of work and whatnot. But the day had its reward in that I got a brand new copy of Sherlock Holmes: Game of Shadows
i wonder if pony therapy would work on criminals
twilight_sprinkle: how does i put into steam? i, sorry, but i cannot into computers
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4486/ <- Here have some Discord :P
when did she?
Jspang1: wut?O.o
Sylandest: Oh! That is going to be fun :_
:)*
Ponies47: in a tutu, seems legit
Om: indeed, lol. I plan to try and watch it tomorrow...providing chat doesn't distract me too much, lol
twilight_sprinkle: just being retarded, thanks for the link
What game is he playing?
11,01Ponies47: Don't I look fabulous? :p
Jspang1: lol :D
Jspang1: Me just a being random. :P
Sylandest: I'll beat them up if they do :3
SAWSAWSAWSAWSAWSAWSAW
Nittany_Discord: indeed you do
Nittany_Discord: Yes. It's all true. ^_^
Om: :$ now, now, no need for violence!
Ponies47 i know that feel bro
Nittany_Discord: what happened to cupcakes?those are awesome too!!!!
Sylandest: Its not so much for you, as a reason to hit things xD
Jspang1: eeyup
Even SAW knows that I should be embroidering...
Om: I see...so I am at least somehow still usefyl...:D
*useful
Sylandest: Always :O
Sylandest: he said while watching a stream of the most violent franchise in history
goodnight everypony
Jspang1: dont think I didnt notice, hehe
night, superretroworld
rarity will eat your scarf http://derpy.me/QYjXF
Sylandest: lol
Om: well, if I'm still useful, then I am happy :)
Sylandest: Good :D
twilight_sprinkle: that makes me lol every time
now i want muffins and cupcakes
now then... panda! Airpuff! where are you two pony-folk
nobody balances like that
ded
Sylandest: busy... hold on
Sylandest: hiding
you are dead, not big surprise
and electrified water in case you were thinking about surviving
panda: no worries :) Airpuff: what could make you hide? :S
/me throws anti hide stray at Airpuff
Sylandest: airpuff is busy too... hold on
ummmm... something funny
:$
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4181/ <- AAAAACHUCK AAAAAANORRIS!
Ponies47: i know kung fu
/me squees cause he's being responded to by Nittany_Discord :)
what if Chuck Norris is a brony
Jspang1: Show me
that would mean we have conquered the universe
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. bu bum ch!
twilight_sprinkle: That would be awesome
Ponies47: guys, guys, the new guys fighting morpheus
yay
User0: yukyukyukyuk
User0: i think its bu-dum-tss
User0: do ho ho
RD is best pony
I've never had to write that out before... I've only used it as a throwaway joke irl...
User0: we dont hate you too much
but Twi is best pony..
Nittany_Discord: i'm not awesome,i'm probably the youngest brony ever!!!
RD and Derpy Best SHIP EVER!!!
twilight_sprinkle: twi is second best sir
Jspang1: FUN FACT: RD sideways looks like a happy person wearing weard sunglasses
Jspang1: if first is vacant then ok i guess
Since I love you all, here is another: A one sided dice is pointless.
DeathStar: mind=blown
11.•10«11WB10 (Aurora10) 11WB10»11•. 10- refridgerating a phone extends its life
02*WB03(Aurora03)02WB* - <Aurora> 06I acknowledge I have issues, I am ok with it
Nittany_Discord: applejack is best pony
twilight_sprinkle: thems fightin' words
User0: you're so silly ^-^
RainBow derp
SAVE game
NU TWI ISH BEST PONY
Nittany_Discord: Pinkie Pie is 3rd best
DeathStar: I have a whole stock of terrible oneliners.
lol dat laugh
... The singular for dice is die, User0 :3
/me hands twilight_sprinkle a twilight plushie
Also, I'm back everypony ;)
User0: this should be good ^-^
twilight_sprinkle: flame wars are fun!
DeathStar: I actually need to go take a shower
Sylandest: i want a twi plushie so bad, but the prices are gah
howdy, Polydunami!
and my mission is only a conditional success... made it to Mun. Landed. Took back off and got lost in solar orbit. Whoops
Polydunami: I'm an engineer, not an english major...
twilight_sprinkle: same for me and AJ
Jspang1: ikr
Sylandest: hasbrro needs to make better plushies
DERPY is Best pony
poof!
xD
Diamond Tiara is best pony :3
Roara :D
Nittany_Discord: you just got trolled by a BOOMSTICK!!!!!!............derp
/me hug
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3430/ <- Well where royally (squee) :(
panda: You unbuissy yet?
his head exploded from all the onies
*ponies
twilight_sprinkle: hasbro needs to send more mlp things to my region...no stores carry anything of them
Nittany_Discord: XD
twilight_sprinkle: MODERN FLAME WAR 3, WITH THE EXACT SAME GUNS THAT LOOK SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT AND AN EPIC FIFTEEN MINUTE SINGLE PLAYER CAMPAIGN!!!!!!!!!!11
Jspang1: lol good thing i dont play games anymore(not until next week tho lol)
cookie and internet for reference
Nittany_discord : you love yourself die alot
Sylandest: wut region is dat?
Jspang1: finally,someone who watches dick figures!!!!
Pssst. I think Nittany_Discord is having to much fun :p
/me is listening to 3»»2 Clint Eastwood by Gorillaz on Now That's What I Call Music!, Vol. 8 (2001) 3«»2 01:24/03:43 [22,2|2,2|2,2|2,2|2,2|2,2|33,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|3,3|2] 3«»2 320 kbps mp3 - 8.51MB (WinAmp) 3««
we arent evem paying attention to you anymore anymore Nittany_Discord
twilight_sprinkle: the midwest...kentucky to be precise
lol
I was in Target and there was a respectable array of ponies (especially royal wedding related stuff) but I couldn't get anything...
today
i'll take that as a no then Panda xD
sonicrainboomer259: here are your free cookie and internet
Hidrake xP
User0: I went to my Target today as well. Looked at pony stuff same here
Sylandest: ah, sucks. i missed the entire mlp mcdonalds season, and the mcdonalds on campus didnt have kids meals :\
Ponies47: i cant stand to look at the target toys
Ponies47: well, I am very far from home and I'm stuck with my parents - I would have gotten some stuff if I could have...
twilight_sprinkle: my mcdonalds did have them...i stood two inches away from them...but i could not buy them. I was too weak T.T
Well, OtakuAscended has a new Let's Watch
Sylandest: shamfur!
Nittany_Discord: i was kidding
Jspang1: They need a bigger stock
I think jigsaw hates you, Nittany_Discord...
twilight_sprinkle: :D
User0: I see.
Nittany_Discord: no dont stop i was just kidding
Oh yeah, forgot to open the bronystate theatre :$
MUFFINS!!!
btw does anyone else think that the new mlp trading cards are too expensive?2 bucks for 4 cards
lol
A Wild Derpy appeared.
NEW HEAD CANON jigsaw kills everyone because he secretly loves mlp and all his victims are haters
Nittany_Discord: Not the cupcakes :(
03suddenly got really tired out of nowhere
03and I have an exam in 7 hours
03I should probably sleep
Jspang1: LE GASP! :O
Derpy is best troll
look at how cute she is
hello
RD was written on the wall, look again
I just dont know what went wrong
why do u think i'm awesome,Nittany_Discord?
cow334: Now we just wait for a bell
Nittany_Discord: jigsaw wrote RD on the wall, go back and look
and wondrffffuuuuuul stuuuuudeeeents
yes
wow, i wrote 6 messages is 10 seconds
Om: Umm what bell
Jspang1 ain't lying,Nittany_Discord!!!
I didn't I got kicked. :(
that background music has gotten lame
thats gotta be a personal best
Om: ?
left
on the left wall
Jspang1: i can write so fast i bypass the script
WHOOOO
okay every pony i have to go to work
RD
I got kicked for writing 6 messages in 10 secs. I DIDN'T EVEN DO THAT! :'(
HE TOLD YOU
cow334: Needs more cowbell, 50% there :)
Ponies47: ikr?
So is this a new edition of "Nittany plays horror games in a state of tiredness"?
Om: ohh Kkgive me a second
dai wall
Jspang1: What it happened to you to?
sonicrainboomer259: Told me what?
Hey guys!
bye bye everypony
derpy be creepin
Polydunami: we learn that Jigsaw apparently likes RD
bye RainBowJack
Sorry, don't know a way to make a concise title there :S
Laterz RainBowJack :)
Ponies47: i got kicked, i dont know if i wrote 6 in 10... idk if i can type that fast
Ponies47: talkin to Nittant_Discord
lol i just got kicked for the same reason too
*takes off his cowbell* hehe now Om cant find me
ithappened again!!! :'(
My typing skills are above average, to say the very least :$
Jspang1: Yeah. I got kicked for no reason. Just a simple derp I guess
sumica script has gone mad
More like a state of tobuscusness
its going to take over bronystate!
cow334: I'm so happy :')
Sumica, something wrong with your connection?
You were kicked for sending one message in ten seconds. :D
Om: And wy is that
he is Nittanybuscus
Ponies47: i think sumica's just messing wityh us... he has become the jgsaw of bronystate
00,10eh? could be a net split
cow334: you just gave Om something to do...lol
sonicrainboomer259: FUCKING THIS
cow334: I found you!
Sylandest: oh NO
Sumica: its okay, we still love you
Jspang1: what do you mean by that?
Hi Ninjazz http://tinyurl.com/88ddbz7 ;)
Om: Ummm HIGH *runs away*
cow334: tis too late, he has found ya XD
Sylandest: *screams out* it is okay im running
Dat Sumica *Laughs nervously*
evil derpy
Polydunami: i am not sure nin is back...i think he got dc-ed and reconnected
Hey, Polydunami! :)
Ohai Ninjazz :)
I stand corrected! :D
Shame.
Howdy, Ninjazz! :D
Ninjazz: WHAHAHGHA!
May i ask what game this is?
SAW
Jspang1: uh-huhhhhh.........I need an adult?
Ah
Saw?
SAWSAWSAWSAWSAWSAWSAWSAWSAWSAWSAW
I see Saw.
Om: cant find me now whohoo he dun give up the serch for his meal
Hey there, Polydunami, Sylandest, Om! :)
Polydunami,... DAT RARIJACK! <3
cow334: o_o i have your scent now
Ninjazz: my thoughts precisely :D
hell Polydunami
Steam :P
>.>
Derpy >.>
Om: ohh know no you dont I just said you lost your meal you dun have my secnt
scent
sonicrainboomer259: it makes so much sense tho, they both spend extended periods of time in the same place talking about nothing and being hilarous at the same time
Applefort is best fort, Ninjazz ;)
Polydunami: hear hear! AJ ftw! :D
Is this the Saw game?
nu, bookfortis best fort
Yes
:3
Polydunami, indeed. I Twi's book fort has nothing on it!
1. who is "they" and 2.WHAT THE FUCK ARE U TALKIN ABOUT!!!!
Bookfort is best fort
I prefer the Fort of the Flies.
BRB
cow334: I think you missunderstood; I want you milk :3
sonicrainboomer259: you said he was Nittaybuscus didnt you? god im really sorry if yo didnt
This reminds me of Dead Money from NV
Nittanybuscus*
Om: ......:D
Om: NUU you cannot have my milk it's for later
Got milk
cow334: :'(
Derpy, u silly
no i dont got milk twilight_sprinkle
Jspang1: you poor soul
Om: Fine here &gives him a glass of milk* there happy now
Delivery >.>
:)
Jspang1: OOOOOOOOOHHHHH i know what your talkin about now
/me is so happy Om explodes from joy
sonicrainboomer259: sorry for the confusion
/me observes Om exploding "oooh...."
OH NO someone reive Om
revive
electrificatrificutionation
I did call him nittanybuscus
Careful. He might explode again
Nittany_Discord: you will NEVER get out!!!
cow334: I'll just have to walk it off. xD none here are willing to do that for me heh
/me revives Om
brb i gotta pee
BACK
:)
lol im zecora
Om: silly filly, i was charging the spell
im matban.
^^^
revives Om it is okay now i fix you up
twilight_sprinkle: QUICK BORIN! TO THE MATVAN!!!!!!!!!!1
what we watching this creepy?
So much healthy @~@
08,01Dear Princess Celestia, today I learned that some bees have acquired the ability to fire their stingers: http://media.sacbee.com/smedia/2012/06/13/20/18/10HAIG.Xl.4.jpeg
Jspang1: :D
hen3ry: he better.......
08,01CupcakeWarrior: because they're both interesting and adorable
OR the stinger is being ripped out from the bee :S
twilight_sprinkle: i guess thats a reason to love adam west, he gave us great catch phrases
so bees are like nightmare frames of the holy britannian empire
CupcakeWarrior: he is a bee keeper as well I do belive?
BEE'S SCARE ME! :'(
08,01don't worry, i'm only kidding; they can't really fire their stingers
08,01Ponies47: don't click the link, then
08,01then stop complaining
I love bees :D
Ponies47: i used to be freakinghorrified of bees
Uh the memory it's vome back! mom MOMMY! *Curls up into aball and starts sucking on hoof*
*coming
Ninjazz: HEY UUU
Om, WHOOO MEEE?!
Oh, hey Ninjazz, didn't see you there :D
08,01bee stings aren't all that bad once you've been stung a couple of times
Ah, is this that Saw game?
Hey, CW. :)
Ninjazz: YEAH UUU
08,01i generally don't use gloves when tending hives
Ponies47: my brother stepped on a bee once, i got a free capri sun while he got his bee sting treated
Om, WHHHHAAAAATT do you need?
The adds
T~T
Derpy is doing all the helping and RD is just lazing about
That memory. That 1 awful momery *shivers*
Ninjazz: Sylandest wants to be your hubby :I
Jspang1: ouch.
Hi everypony. ^_^
08,01if you don't use gloves, it's easier to be gentler with the bees
Om: kafajfkjncxmna-what?!
Om, O__O
Ponies47: fucks given: 0
Ninjazz: I have no idea where this came from :$
Jspang1: FINE! :[
howdy, Lewis_Jenkins
08,01it's okay, Sylandest can be my hubby
Does anyone know a REALLY scary horror game that you CANT die in? xD My sister and I are going to have a competition :3
Ponies47: no i was talking about my brother
^_^
08,01we can get married on calton hill in edinburgh
08,01it'll be magical
Jspang1: Oh. Sorry :$
Ponies47: im sorry :'(
Death is a mjor component of a horror game
Sylandest, O__O
Jspang1: IT'S ALRIGHT! :D
If you can't die, nothing is scary
/me slides slowly away from this chat...
Ninjazz: I do not know! XD help me!
Ninjazz: Jerk >.>
/me glomps Ponies 47
08,01Sylandest: you're my wife now, daaaaave
Om, you are not in my position...
:D
*Grabs Ninjazz* WHERE ARE YOU GOING!?!
08,01Vordox: i beg your pardon?
Ah err....nothing. :P
Ninjazz: No, now get back here.
*Noms on popcorn*
08,01cow334: i regularly stick my hands into beehives, and can confirm this
o yeah, Nittany_Discord is still trying to figure this thing out
08,01though sometimes, bees can get aggressive
08,01there are times i've been down to my hive and thehy're doing that high pitched buzzing thing
Om, I'm busy. Hang on.
Ninjazz: Fair enough
:o
08,01so it's just like "okay, girls, i'll leave you alone 'til tomorrow"
lol
08,01Ponies47: i'm just imagining a bee mugging you
08,01it's hilarious
I only don't like wasps. Bees are alright if you don't anger them.
Om: I'm not getting married! XD
08,01Om: no, we're going to have a Betazoid wedding
Ponies47: i think wasps are worse because at least bees only got one sting in them wasps will fuck your shit up
08,01everyone in attendance will be naked
08,01it'll be the best thing ever
:c
08,01Ponies47: i disagree
08,01i think it's very nice
Don't I get a say in this?
08,01CupcakeWarrior: i have a nice ass
08,01or so i've been told
Ninjazz: hey, at least you're not the wife here...somehow, I'm stuck with being the wife :D
Jspang1: Any insect that stings scares the (squee) outta me
08,01by many, many people
Ponies47: i can understand that
Jspang1: I have a bad history with em *Shivers*
08,01Sylandest: you need to learn This Day Aria now
08,01Polydunami: i do
Ponies47: are you allergic to them?
twilight_sprinkle: Nope.avi
08,01Sylandest: psht, of course not
08,01you're chrysalis.
00,10no good can come of this rocket but much bad is
/me faceplants
Ponies47: well at least thats good
Ponies47: im sad to say that if i have any kind of bug on me, stinging or no, i will swat at them and dance like a retarded chimp while screaming like a little girl
I want to see that xD
you did it Nittany_Discord!!!
why do you say that, Sumi?
Jspang1: It's ok. :)
08,01Jspang1: even butterflies?
Nittany_Discord: didnt you already have a nail bat?
08,01Sylandest: what about a sexy little crown?
00,10cause in .15 I have all kinds of new parts to play with
ahh
Sylandest: Sexy crowns are nice
If I were playing the game on the stream, I'd have thrown my computer out of the window by now.
Om: that would be a nice benefit...:D
/me sighs
My history with bee's I don't wanna talk about it :S
08,01Lewis_Jenkins: luckily, you're not
Sylandest: Seee look at all the positives~
00,10and the fact the boosters sections are not moving in sync together
Eeyup. ^_^
well, that's a bigger problem.
this is game of the year?..
HELLO, Everypony!
I'll pick your door. if ya know what i mean
howdy adasdad
Hey there adasdad :)
Hello adasdad :)
/me glomps adasdad
AARGH skype noises!
Nittany_Discord: why keep playin when you know you'll keep getting trolled by jigsaw?
sonicrainboomer259: because he's not a quitter
And it's fun to watch. :3
I'll just stick to nothing, tyvm.
any decent lander parts in .15? Landing on my wingtips worked, but was pretty nervewracking.
08,01http://hackaday.com/2012/06/14/counting-bees/
08,01ooooh yeeaaaah
Ninjazz: Then you shall wear nothing at all~
right, Nittany_Discord will laugh with Jigsaw once his head is a bloody pulp smeared all over the floor
*Shivers*
08,01Sylandest is best bride
<3
NOT THE BEES! NOT THE BEES! AAAAAHHH
Nittany_Discord: yell LEEROYYY JENKINS
/me hugs Ninjazz
:3
Hello, Bronystate. I want to play a game.
so what game is this?
Saw
08,01Sylandest: a lot of the former, a little of the latter
PolyJigsaw: how about Monopoly?
PolyJigsaw: ooh, I love games! Battleship? monopoly?
Sylandest: Two grooms? 0_0
I'm scared. D:
Nuts
Sylandest: Nice try, Ninjazz is my waifu
Sylandest: lol same joke at the same time
That was careh.
>.>
Sylandest: three-way, or are you the minister?
Nittany_Discord: well you got trolled
<.<
Sunshine Sunshine
LADYBUGS AWAKE
?
Clap your hoofs
Ninjazz: I had no idea you had previous vows.
And do a nice little shake~
AND DO A LITTLE SHAKE
and shake
hen3ry: three-way, from the sound of it XD
/me drinks a shake
CLAP YOUR HOOVES AND DO A LITTLE SHAKE!!!!!!
SHAKE SHAKE YOUR BODY
Sunshine lolipops and rainbows, everything that makes you smile!
Om, I'm usually forced into these situations. :$
we need a heavy metal cover of that, that would be hilarious
Nittany_Discord: why arent you hitting him
/me does a little shake, since he's apparently the bride here
08,01now imagine sexy twilight doing that little dance for you in a maid outfit
clap your hooves and snake? snake? snaaaaaaaaaaaaaake!
Ninjazz: Yeah, its a lot of fun
Seriously, I'm terrified. D:
/me pulls Ninjazz away
bad r34 thoughts
08,01with Swedish Spitfire's voice...
killing dragon make me happy :)
adasdad: :D
http://www.welovefine.com/2279-best-filly-sitter.html <- So much want :)
/me is pulled
Dead?
08,01Ponies47: i'm considering buying that
08,01
clearly he's dancing on your head
/me faints
Ninjazz: Shall I revive u?
Ponies47: i have no pony swag :'(
eyush...
can you scream leeroy jenkins,Nittany_Discord!>
why am I fitting into this so easily?! agh!
I'm married to
Pluto
Twilight is not best maid. Seriously, if Spike didn't clean up after her...
/me revives Ninjazz with lots of swag
/me is revived. SU-WAG.
this guy sounds like matt from two best friends play
Jspang1: I gotta buy some pony stuff. But the problem is. I'm saving for a new computer and also my dad doesn't know I'm a brony. If he saw me wearing a MLP T-shirt he would get all WTF on me. :(
I live to be slide another day.
/me glomps Ninjazz "You're alive!"
KILL.DESTROY.SWAG!!!!
hooray for Ninjazz! :)
REJUVINATE REVITALIZE REAPAIR SWAG
/me hugs CupcakeWarrior "For now, I guess." "$
Ponies47: both my parents know, and they both found out the same way. i was watching it and they thought i was watching porn when i closed the tab
Ponies47: they both think im really weird for watching it
I'm just going to casually tell my mum I watch my little pony some time. :3
Jspang1: I let mom catch me. She's fine with it. My dad I'm not so sure about it :S
08,01meh
my dad is nuetral, but my mom teases me about it.
08,01it's gonna cost me $41.95 for that shirt
08,01that's waaay too much to spend on a shirt
i just realized something... i said i was going to pee ten minutes ago
ir reall is
Nittany_Discord: WHY U NO LIVE!!!!!
08,01this one: http://www.welovefine.com/2366-best-filly-sitter.html
dat shirt :D
08,01Polydunami: about £27
Yeah
*hey
08,01Ponies47: yup
08,01i posted it earlier today though
if i ever get a tshirt, it would be something neutral like RD's cutie mark. bronies would know but others wouldnt notice
08,01SO YOU COPIED ME YOU COPYCAT
08,01:P
molestia strikes back then,Nittany_Discord?
I'm a bit partial to this one: http://www.welovefine.com/1537-filly-cooly.html
Hey DeathStar :D
I'm sure this library will be a fun place to read and learn.
hi CupcakeWarrior
08,01Jspang1: true
08,01then again
So that's viscous or vicious?
08,01i'm a functional programming fan
Polydunami: i believe viscious
not unless its g1 being riffed by ponypokey Nittany_Discord
Everypony I know pretty much knows I'm a brony except for my dad :S
08,01i tend not to let people at uni know about that for the same reason
vicious
Nittany_Discord: do you like mmmmmm bananas?
Hey guys, how are y'all doing?
howdy SolairePony89
I don't know about you guys, but I spell it "vicious"
BANANANANANANAS
Polydunami: idk i cant spell, whichever one means mean and nasty
Polydunami: oh god, i meant vicious XD
/me fails as an english major
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4927/ <- THAT'S JUST TO FUNNY! :D
too late,cause yor to the MOOOOOOOOONNN!!!!!!!!!!!
http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/vicious
brb
ty for the stream, Nittany_Discord!
Nittany_Discord: :D you're done?
Ponies47: i loled
3:
http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/viscous
11,01Sumica is up next.
Very well
Thanks for the streeam Nittany_Discord :)
11,01NP.
hi everypony. :)
11,01I'll finish Saw next time.
TheRareP0N3: howdy! good evening!
hi TheRareP0N3
i love you Nittany_Discord
lol
11,01I'lK.
i just uploaded a video
11,01K.
Oh my
Retsupurae xD
Dem top comments...
Oh Navigatr :3
LOL DERPY.
So yea...I've been playing Lollipop Chainsaw...and it's pretty bucking funny X3
08,01sooo tempted: http://www.welovefine.com/2371-chrysalis-nouveau.html
I want to get the game, but I has no moneys :(
OtakuTom: huzzah! :D
lol
OtakuTom: i almost bought that just for Tara Strong
Trololol..lolololololo....trolololo, lolol lolol..
:D
T.I.P edwaud
whos streaming?
I love these guys :D
Troll in piece?
I'd probably say, "Troll in paradise" :3
Sumica,thanks again about the Desktop ponies
NFS: Most Wanted was the fucking best racing game ever
this guy is still dead serious
/me facehoofs
/me is a jar
Troll in piece.
a jar isnt an insult
17 to be exact,folks!!!
Lara Croft with breast cancer
:3
lololololololol
derpy.
:B
mamogram v3.1 Now with tactile feedback.
TROLOLOLOLO HOHOHOHO
wtf i got back and somebody talking about breast cancer
sonicrainboomer259: TROLOLO
This guys writers are like the writers of g3
lmfao
theyre that bad
00,10No prob sonicrainboomer259
PLEASE DONATE TO A RANDOM CHERITY TODAY
00,10sorry for delay, was washing dishes
Sumica your streaming,right?
TheRareP0N3 hooray im a male
Oh god, this one xD
00,10no not yet
STOOOOOOPID
dishwasher_EXTREME: sadly dudes can get it, but it's extremely rare
If I told someone "I hope you die in the slowest way possible", isn't that a rather optamstic blessing as opposed to a threat?
i played this game on the gameboy
Cancer is I though?
:/
11,01Breast Cancer is just a big killer of women.
WOW
i fucking love the mask
what the hell is ths.
LOL
TheRareP0N3 what the fuck have you been smoking ehh?
I remember there was a VHS of the making of this game.
thiis is hilarious
11,01And I don't like watching TV because I GET SO SICK OF OUR FEMINIST HEALTH NEWS.
dishwasher_EXTREME: some cloudsweed, why?
TheRareP0N3 certainly have been smoking in a bar in Cali
well,who IS streamin
sonicrainboomer259: nittany is
LOL Donky Kong? I frekken hated that game
11,01We're not trying to cure male-only cancers. And now heart disease prevention is targeted towards women. I guess the US could care less if I live since I don't have breasts. >.>
dat insult
i don't find this funny
lol
this guys so fucking condescending
You so STOOPID
hes like darth clark from gameinformer
I'm glad I have this game then
wtf .....
pootis pony here
POOTIS
lol dish
xD
Slyandest: not anymore,he streamed SAAAAAWWWWW!!!!!!!!
sonicrainboomer259: its still nittany. we havent switched yet. note the RD in the corner
whoever is streaming this isn't that funny. lol
11,01I'm waiting for Sumica
If you say so :S
11,01Also, I don't have fun pings.
im retard and stupid
Woo!
/me hugs Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord,are you still streamin?
11,01Yes.
/me 11,01hugs Sylandest
00,10been ready
Nittany_Discord: :)
11,01K.
O_O
sonicrainboomer259: told ya XD
11,01I'll stop after this Sumica.
wtf
Who are these guys?
then who's talkin?
they're fucking annoying. xD
yes, they are
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2850/ <- I put this on my Facebook a while ago. My friends had no idea. :$
I want to play a game :3
Ponies47: nice, lol
DuskStarshimmer: Me oto.
I want to sto losing the game >.<
why does chocolate make me so thirsty
I like it :3
Sylandest: They had no idea. :)
you can never stop losing the game
Ponies47: awesomesauce
lol
15 views on my video already
:D
twilight_sprinkle: it has stuff in it that dehydrates you
Someone seriously needs to end the game. They'd be a hero to me if they could manage that :P
sonicrainboomer259: eeyup. :P
DeathStar: well thats annoying
Hi everypony. c:
twilight_sprinkle: I get the same way with ice cream
medics do it from behind, oh yeah :3
howdy Chilly_Milly
hi Chilly_Milly
Chilly_Milly: Hello. :)
If i was streamin,I'd SO play Portal:still alive
the game cannot end until someone wins it. Which by definition makes it an infinitely long game
'Ello Chilly_Milly
c: How are you all?
twilight_sprinkle: ikr?
sonicrainboomer259: YES. PLEASE.
SolairePony89: hm ice cream generally doesnt dehydrate me
/me dances
hen3ry: The only way to end the game is to get the prime minister of the UK to say on live TV that the game is up. Only then will we be free of this curse
anyone here ever played Portal: Prelude?
/me dances with DeathStar
sorry,not a member of staff :/
/me dances with DuskStarshimmer
/me pats DeathStar, "how are ya :D?"
wot
teh rocket game
DuskStarshimmer: good ^-^
Ok, Sumica, back the hell up, we gotta see what all these parts are.
twilight_sprinkle: I had no idea why it makes me to desperatly thirsty, it just does 6_9
DeathStar ! ping
DeathStar, ever finish that draqwing i asked of you :3?
Well, I see a couple of shuttles... :S
rocket-ception?
dishwasher_EXTREME: pong
SolairePony89: hm thats interesting
None of that.
yay
since when does KSP has wings O.o
inb4 crash
11,01I predict fail Sumica.
DuskStarshimmer: no sorry I'v been distracted
Evening everyone.
TheRarePON3: I would though
Nuts
ded
rocket sim @_@?
That worked pretty well I think
I sent that rocket to the GROUND
Yup, fairly successful
DeathStar, Its okay, Have you seen my OC yet?
Hey there XAX :3
howdy, XAX! :)
meanwhile, dwarf fortress
ded
DuskStarshimmer: nope
so,is Sumica streamin?
sonicrainboomer259: aye
11,01To the starts Sumica!
Sumica: ping :D
Sumica: it's so fancy
panda: ah, you're still alive :)
Sumica: use ducttape it fixes everything
^
panda: what Sylandest said!
thats a rocket that Rambo would ride WITH Duke Nukem
its funny how air resistance is the cause for all of this madness
DeathStar: Mythbusters approves that message
Citizens of Bronystate
11,01Mica: Any custom parts?
damnright they do
CrimsonPhoenix: aye?
I salute you
Sumica: what's this game???
/me salutes CrimsonPhoenix
XD
lol
Night all! :P
Better then ever!
nnnnope
11,01Dying for science!
XD
bye Airpuff
I cant see the name of the program
Sumica, needs more Final Countdown :3
MONKIES IN OUTERSPACE!
mips.tv?
laters, Airpuff! :)
Airpuff: Come back soon you mellon
Protecting the future of the human race!
Sylandest ^^ done but Airpuff is leaving
sonicrainboomer259: Kerbal Space Programm
Sumica: theres a weird red line covering the name of the program
Night Airpuff
Om: .. youre a mellon.. :|
:D
Night night Airpuff :)
panda: well, good to have you back. you were missed, as was airpuff :)
I'M PUTTING A NOTE HERE:HUGE SUCESS
Airpuff: Ohhh stop it you :$
:D
Aperture science
Alright kids! Flare is gonna go! cya! night! <3
Enjoy Om :P
we do what we must
gn FlareChaser
Airpuff: Enjoy waht??
night FlareChaser
night, FlareChaser! :)
See ya Flame-LoneWolf
we do what we must, because we can
Er, I mean FlareChaser :P
Om: B-state :P
for the goooddd of allll of us
bye :3
for thwe good of all of us!
Sumica: tis not a big deal, just saying that people wont see the name :P
Airpuff: Nothing else?
EXCEPT THE ONES WHO ARE DEAD
exept the ones who are dead
Did the stream die for anyone else?
but theres no sense crying over every mistake
00,10I had a setting wrong
but there's no sence crying over every mistake
we just keep on trying till we run out of cake
and the science gets done and you make a neat gun for the people who are stil lalive
No? Just for me?
i need to replay portal 1
who here want's a new traditional Banjo-Kazooie game?
?
bars still there
SolairePony89: yeah it died for everyone
*Throws a Chuck Norris plushie into the center of the chat*
Sumica... what is this called?
M'kay, thanks
hmm?
Sumica: yeah the line is still there, i dont really care abt it personally
Well, I'd want a Banjo-Kazooie that didn't suck, for one.
still messed up
As in, was actually good.
@anyone who likes Portal, play Portal:Prelude It's a mod for Portal 1 and it's f:[king awesome!
red line you mean? It's not really in the way of anything
...
dat music
Appropriate music
Sorta
panda: I shot up in my seat, lol. I was not prepared
XD
Prepare for BLAST-OFF
this was in a commercial right?
Sylandest... what is this called?
LIFT OFF
Sylandest: YOU ARE NOT PREPAAAARED
panda: You seemed to be better now :)
Portal is still alive,right?
Houston we have lift off
noooooooooooooo
Nuts
LIFTOFF FOR FAILURE
ded
lost a scram
twilight_sprinkle: dat illidan reference XD
Om: hehe :) well...
spin stabilization!
panda: Hmm?
plan G
Sylandest: illidan is awsum :D
panda: This is...i forget the name precisely, lol
twilight_sprinkle: eeyup
are the scrams firing in stage 1?
Om: ^^ sorry...
Portal 1 is also portal: still alive,correct?
/me hugs DeathStar, "you too"
panda: Don't appolgize :( you did nothing wrong.
/me hugs panda "huh wassn't paying attention?"
yay~
good morning everypony
That looks...incredibly unstable >_>
wiglly rocket is wriggly
Om: he always apoligises when he dosen't need to
lol
It'd be a fun ride until you hit the grond
play still alive,Sumica
ground*
lol
so what is the purpose of the scramjet/pylons?
ded
Om: sorry... neglect is something wrong XD
DeathStar: just a tad
i like how it say im comming home
"Drifting, falling" :D
/me glomps panda "hia there"
This song really is appropriate
seems legit
DuskStarshimmer: :D hiya
Much better
I can't believe that worked
so far so good
/me thinks he can build something better than Sumica
today is wednesday,correct?
Hey, it works xD
this could really work O.o
sonicrainboomer259: nope
SECOND STAGE: ACTIVATE
I have this game.... Things explode lots -_-
hello
sonicrainboomer259: nope... it's friday (at least were i live)
Sumica: hehe im kidding.. i got nothing on you :D
oh
im really a girl
Sumica: to the moon!!
Where to?
but i love mlp
yay TO THE MOON
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m52gd7OPSv1qcvvvlo1_r1_500.gif
x3
bronys: hey me too ^-^
HAH TAKE THAT NEIL ARMSTONG
do those grreen guys like bananas?
bronys: me too ^^
yay
Havve fun with Luna Sumica :)
bronys: there are a couple of other girls on here too
but people make fun of me
Wow, Blossom has a godly exercise regiment xD
fly me to the moon...
x3
bronys: nopony will make fun of you here. you are welcome here :)
Luna would be proud
What's the objective here?
needs togo faster
yay thank you
Wait. We have a newbie?
bronys, are you new here?
Sumica: I'm always asking YOU my questions but......HOW DO I GET THIS GAME?!
Polydunami: objective to the moon!
yea
For sure, then?
im new
bronys: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wsddzah7p9w&list=FLMiKyfpd2YMs-0bb-hnzcFA&index=10&feature=plpp_video Welcome!
welcome
/me hugs bronys "welcome
sonicrainboomer259: just google kerbal space program
Alright! Welcome to Bronystate, bronys!
T_T
/me dances the welcome dance on bronys s head
GET THE CIDER!
Brilliant song :D
dat music
xD
/me pours a mug of cider and hands it to bronys :3
thx :)
sonicrainboomer259: http://kerbalspaceprogram.com/
great song :)
wtf
and welcome bronys *hug*
Welcome bronys :)
no! it's shimmying!
come to think of it, why isn't this the Bayonetta version?
The little astronauts in the corner are freaking out
im going to make a brony dance
http://derpy.me/Ch0dK
i love you
TO THE MOOOOOOOOON,sumica,TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNN!!there is cake up there!!!!
rocket on a stick
scrams are kinda useless in a vacuum
bronys: pro tip no.1 if you type in part of someones name and press tab it compleats the name for you and pings that person when you send it
lol
THIRD STAGE: ACTIVATE
this music
kay
11,01Sumica did it!
is so smooth
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2390/ <- Booze it's the answer to everything. :P
Sumica: Play more music like this :3
Would you kindly...
you
:P i have my derpy shirt on
Play the Bayonetta version please :D
/me 11,01plays Sumica
still alive,please,Sumica
ooo
!!! There's a Bayonetta versoin? I gotta check this out!
sounds pretty
ahhh this is relaxing
This is nice
Ponies47: what if the question is what issn't the answer to everything?
Sumica: OMG .HACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SolairePony89, it's like the main theme
Space Cadet, by the KGB. Unlikely you have it, and title is more fitting than the lyrics, but what the hey
DeathStar: NOT BOOZE! :p
Yep, I like this
/me loves this song
wtf
panda: I was thinking that!
thats no moon...its a space station!
/me sings along XD
Love this opening theme
11,01That's no space, it's a moon station!
ok im done with TF2 when ever violet owns me i think of Shizuka violeting me as well
Nittany_Discord: XD
/me tries to sing, cant pronounce the words, wistles insead
it's tiltring! nuuuuuuuuu
13vivi?
Nittany_Discord: no emperial moon station is that big!
Prick: :3
11.•10«11WB10 (Lighty10) 11WB10»11•. 10- i sooo love e-mail, i win atleast 5 cars everyday
BRB
Shizuka: no me
heloo everypony :$
you can finally adjust for orbit now.
Who playing?
:3
twilight_sprinkle: are you calling me fat XD
point the nose to 270 and punch it
Sumica, if you make it to luna, i will love you forever :)
or 90
DeathStar: yes. fat and evil :D
twilight_sprinkle: :'( your mean
Once this game is out. We need somepony to mod it and put Luna on the moon~
DeathStar: well, you did kill an entire planet
13Nittany_Discord: it's a tornado that's not sure whether it's a single funnel, multiple touchdowns, or sentient?
twilight_sprinkle: daddy made me!
OR the devs can make Luna an easter egg xD
it seems the other two astronauts are freaking out :D
my butterfly knife bottle opener came today
BACK :)
DeathStar: yeah, good fathers are deginitely needed when raising a space station
why does this remind me of Titanic
=/ you guys streamed the alien trilogy
Om will this suffice for now? https://www.dropbox.com/s/3au5qa1v70w2izb/2012-06-10_11-37-08_903.jpg
starchaser: you got beeron my suit...
finally found about it
hey all
hmm... do you have the fuel to make it?
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
hi Alicorn_Prince_Shane
ello Alicorn_Prince_Shane
twilight_sprinkle: *sniff* I'm ok now though I only dance and don't blow up planets
hi Alicorn_Prince_Shane
Sumica: OMG I WANT YOU GONE METAL!
I lost my folder yesterday which had my drawing of Luna...
I need money,and i need it no- *crashes* HEELP MEEEE!!!!!!
wtf portal
lol dat song
I hear Portal
:S
DeadpoolDash: sup sis u alright?
YES!!!!!!
dat metal portal
\m/ >.< \m/
this is best remix.
good, killing planets is never the answer, my dear DeathStar
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: ping fail ^-^
Barbetos: Yes it will!
hello
Ohai Alicorn_Prince_Shane :)
getting back is for Mark 2.
Orbit get at least.
should made a bigger rocket
twilight_sprinkle: okeys ^-^
No wait
Sumica: NO! NO SETTLING!
eh
Sumica: TO THE MOOOON!!!!!
DeathStar: siri me sup sis u alriight
Wheatley is somewhere here look for him !!!
I meant the one with lyrics
Sumica: is that u?
Sumica: BIGGER ROCKET!
oh well
s close to moon >.<
Sumica: YOUR ROCKET WILL PIERCE THE HEAVENS!
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: yup
I can loan you a copy of Celestia... 27, I think I'm up to. :D
DeathStar: kewl
dat music
now i only want you gone
But I understand the transfer orbit trick now, so...
I'M WRITING A NOTE HERE HUGE SUCESS
Sumica: O_O is that finias and ferb?
/me dances
NEED.. MORE... VESPENE GAS
see, plenty of delta V
wow dat trajectory
oh noes
kill thrust first, reorient, then reapply turhst.. sigh
NO! Stablizing thrusters
wait... two moons?
oh, second planet?
dat low fuel
hen3ry: one of them must be a death star
do u have I am all of me from shadow the hedgehog?
hen3ry: one of them is not a moon
i'm baacck, whoa going to space again :o
Sumica: but but... :'( I like the moon
So the goal is the moon I take it?
Wow MLP:FiM gets censored in Canada?
what in the UK?
censord for what?
JUMP JUMP !!!
probably too much colors
MASF123, It's not Canada, it's TreehouseTV.
Wait WHAT?
scared of wheatley and luna,are,we Sumica
MASF123: WHAT?
how is it censored?
Well it says "Treehouse TV in Canada"
In Canada, MLP is broadcast on Treehouse TV
mlp is too hardcore for Canada
"loser" was censored.
lol
we dont have mlp :'(
The word, "Losers" is censored
And they STILL haven't broadcast the second season
KANEDAAAAA!!!!!!!!!
MFW RollerCoaster Tycoon was published by Hasbro Interactive.
It's hilarious. "thery way they were acting, i'd say [...] wasn't strong enough"!
rollercoaster tycoon was one awesome game
That is such a fail
need another three astronauts, I'm afraid
anybody have Minecraft on Xbox 360??????
In otherwords, I loved Hasbro before it was cool :
They make it look as if they sweared something bad because it goes silent.
:p*
SolairePony89: that explains a lot
Sumica: make a really big rocket
sonic, I have it
He did make a very big rocket.
dethklock \o/
DETHKLOK <3
not big enough
MASF123: you talkin to me?
\m/
aw so close to one megameter
no it was big enough. He reached escape velocity
yes
What the?
it's coming right for you
The hell is that?
aliens!
Sumica: lets do the time worp again
UFP
Alright, I'm back after a chat goof
AHHH IS THE USP
"Please, they're a bunch of *awkward silence*"
11,02Cookies ^-^
dishwasher_EXTREME: unidentified flying p...?
so.... Sumica...
sup SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64: :D
11,02Hai :)
/me nomz SuperBrony64
howdy SuperBrony64
/me dances on SuperBrony64 s head "hai ^-^"
/me is nommed O.o
Howdy SuperBrony64 :3
hello SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64: Hai
unidentified space ponies
SONG WHIPLASH
SuperBrony64 should play Bayonetta
/me picks up DeathStar and gives her a hug 'u so silly :3'
/me nuzzles SuperBrony64.
dishwasher_EXTREME: oh ok good
Set phasers to... nevermind
Nooooooo, why no Dethklok anymore?
/me hugs SuperBrony64 back "not as silly as you :3"
and goodnight everypony (jetlag is a pain...)
night User0
night, User0!
11,02Moo :3
Goodnight User0 :3
moo!
Bleat
align nose to "straight forward", align camera to match
Wait
AHHHH THE SUN
MOOOO
SuperBrony64: MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
what is it? i must know >:3
Nuooo
what?
wuuuuut
11,02Noooo? :<
boring.
panda: thats quite a moo
XD
yup
Sylandest: i can go bigger :)
aw well that was disappointing
panda: haha! :D
'night DeathStar, Sylandest, Polydunami,and those I might have missed
Well at least Sumica's gonna meet Celestia...
SuperBrony64: Its a sad cow noise
it wouldve been awesome if they added aliens
Took me 8 tries to reach the sun. You get there the first time.
Om: why is the cow sad :(
its ok, we're going....AT NIGHT
SuperBrony64: Moo?
Actually, the extreme gravitational pull of the sun will pull you in at massive speeds
we're going to burn up on the sun....AT NIGHT
11,01Shizuka: Dunno.
DeathStar: he lost his hairbursh :'(
GO TO UR ANUS,Sumica!!!!!!
I hit speeds of over 300,000. But I also passed through the sun, and reached negative altitudes... it was... odd
TO THE SUN !!!!!!!!!
Om: poor cow :'(
So... crash landing?
Polydunami: yep. on the sun
Also, things are going to get REALLY bright
your about to go oranges! ON THE SUUUUUUUUN!
OK so sumi is going for solar collision... but has he found Luna yet
DeathStar: I know... I'm guna buy it a new one :)
go faster!
Polydunami: good thing i brought my*puts on sunglasses* shades.
dat WHOA!
Om: oh :') that's good
13ping~
faster!
safely is hard.
warp speed!
i have a brilliant plan !!! TO SET FIRE TO THE SUN
11,02pong~
Took me about 14 tries.
YOUR NOT GONNA FIND ANY ORANGES,ON THE SUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
DeathStar: Then I shall dance a fine jig!
the sun should be able to pull you in do to its mass
There's a reason my ship is Celestia 27. I started with "1" :D
What about OJ?
/me anyway Hai ev'rypony di i miss anything :S
yay!
dat song :3
dishwasher_EXTREME: amazing! why has noone ever thought of that!
Marco
This is Apature?
lol
dat portal
perfect sun crashing music :)
What the heck?
turrets are best singers. no 'ceptions.
switch view
night, everypony. im off to bed. see you all tomorrow!
Om: ^^ YAY I liek dancing
night Sylandest
bai Sylandest
/me hugs Sylandest goodnight
DeathStar: Woa :O learn somthing new ery day!
O_O FUCK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
night Sylandest
wait Sumica is going to crash into the sun?
check the crew i wanna see them burn!
i wonder if we can get to light speed in this game
Fancy music
Rihgt into Celestia Darkts3|Drawing|MLG
if it's like .13, he'll go _through_ it.
Oh my Alicorn, censorship on MLP: FiM. Lol.
DeathStar my mind
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzbZEjgzKX4
SolairePony89: =/
No Video links
TO SET FIRE TO THE SUN
So uhhh watcha playin?
Sumica: same rocket design as before or new one?
HERE COMES THE SUN!
Sylandest: :) night night
they gonna get a tan
/me slides and tackles Sylandest with hugs
the guy on the right seems to be enjoying himself ^^
set the sun on fire
(doodoo doo doo)
adasdad: and now that song's stuck in my head
/me catches Ninjazz and hugs back :)
yay portal music
Ninjazz: Ninhugtackle!? Mother of god, so smooth
portal music? me gusta.
adasdad: not that I'm complaining
/me dances
your nauts are surprisingly calm Sumica
Om, I've learned some new tricks! :D
Ninjazz http://twentypercentcooler.net/data/c2/50/c250fcb7981c374c4daa86ac6a0aa82a.gif?1313055047
"the part where he kills you" is an awesome song
Lol 1000x
/me dances with DeathStar
the sun its a big fiery ball
"KPM-into the fire" will go perfect for this
Aperture Science Psychoacoustics Laboratory FTW!
My first goal was to reach the sun. Then when I couldn't crash into it, I decided to try to slingshot around the sun and try to approach c. That failed as well
twilight: and fitting ;)
Polydunami: lol
happy happy joy joy :>
/me dances with SuperBrony64
Ninjazz: Did rarity teach you anything~
Tf2 is kinda for casuals now
Wait they can post links, but I can't?
MASF123: they're picture links
Om, she teaches me lots of things. That however was self taught. ;)
Rarity knows art
Only no video links MASF123
WHATSUP EVERYPONEH!!!! Dj herostar here to tide the times as my summer vaca starts! starting with 12 consecutive hours of bronystate!!!!
Ninjazz, dat third panel xD
YAY
MASF123: no video links
Oh god
y u no melt!
so of course she knows trolling
Dragonforce!
lol
Ninjazz: Oh ho ho~!
heh
ohai herostar
Trolling is a art
hi herostar
SO MUCH WHITE....IS IT...HEAVEN
yeah right
Ok any links as long as they are not videos, gotcha. ;)
Polydunami, I lol'd and I lol'd again. XD :D
/me tears up a guitar
It will be, twilight_sprinkle xD
wow, thats a sixth of light speed
left naut knows whats coming
what game is this?
Trolling... the likes I've never seen! :D
Polydunami: that or hell
I always knew the Sun itself was a square
yeah, the sun doesn't have a surface, at least in .13.
/me is playing this song on guitar
sun is not a star
Sumica is going to SET FIRE TO THE SUN DAT BRILLIANT PLAN
lololol
kewl musik
Sumica: STARCRAFT!
valoreins|Drawing: yes it is...
i got a sng that would make that thing go from one galaxy to another in under 10 seconds flat, while being 20% cooler :D
The Earth is NOT round.
SC...
The Sun is OUR star :3
My little star
good ol western
Polydunami: :(
MASF123: lol you should see the flame war i started on youtube when i said that, its been going on for weeks without my help
light speed on that display would have 9 digits, btw.
http://i.imgur.com/ODae2.png
that oblivion
/me tackles Ninjazz Polydunami DeathStar Midnight_Tempest Om CrimsonPhoenix
Oh, DeathStar! I didn't see you there >.>
CrimsonPhoenix Twilight?
Spectrum_Rush, Oof.
CrimsonPhoenix why?
Spectrum_Rush: What?
I feel like a fool :S
Computer derp. BACK :P
Play a nice, relaxing, polite classical song
?
vivaldi!
Polydunami: *sniff* do you really like the sun better than me :(
dishwasher_EXTREME, You don't know SPARKLE SPARKLE SPARKLE?
come oooooon light speed
Is this Two Steps From Hell?
PARTY HARRRRRRRRRRRRRRD!
I don't think they implemented relativity into the game, so it should be theoretically possible to hit that speed... but I can't keep a ship straight at speeds exceeding 200km/s with any thrust whatsoever
twilight_sprinkle you such a troll lol
Om: ... hai
BURN!!!
CrimsonPhoenix sparkle like glitter?
MASF123: guIlty as charged :P
TO THE SUUUNNN!!!!!!!!
Burn burn baby burn!
Spectrum_Rush: Hi.
NOOO DONT SLOW DOWN
*burps*
Spectrum_Rush: Tackleing I see?
SO CLOSE TO LIGHT SPEED
Starcraft is best Craft
Hey dude thats playing a game remember me dude?
Om: maybe
not close to light speed
Hello everypony c:
Lol
Err, no, the sun is the one who provides the light.
LOL
light speed is about 300000000 m/s
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: false, warcraft is
KABLOOIE
DED
Spectrum_Rush: Oh. Having fun I would hope.
ded!
ded
So it isnt a Physics object at all
LEARNDING
Labotamy
Now DeathStar, you provide the art of the dance. I liek dancing :3
well they put SOME physics into it at least
ded.
rekt.
oh i missed it
All of our little alien astronauts are dead :(
Umm, they ded
do it again!
probably just a hard limit of "if you're closer than x distance, u die"
SolairePony89: time to use monkeys
Polydunami: :( but you said...
hey why are we in white screen?
Do it again I wasn't looking!
They died well though, perishing for science and Sumica!
anypony up for terraria?]
guess they couldnt handle*puts on sunglasses* the heat.
Sumica make it BIGGER!
BIGGER!
did it actually crash or did you escape out?
I MISSED THE DED! WHAT HAPPEN?
wow dat rocket sumi
Sumica: MAOR THRUSTERS
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: MONKIES IN OUTERSPACE!
wow thats a badass lookin rocket
MOAR ROCKETS
SolairePony89: IKR
everybody hide,I STOLE DERPY'S MUFFINS!!!!!!!
MOAR ROCKETS!!!
DeathStar, I said the sun was OUR star, I didn't say the sun is the BEST star :S
8,6sleepy time, have a good night everypony :)
Destroy them all!
Goodnight kirz :3
MOAR!
Goodnight.
scram, SCRAMs
heh i heard the mouse clicking
Sleep well kirzstryfe
nite kirzstryfe
DeathStar: You shoudl know by now you are best star xD
Polydunami: oh ok *sniff*
Stream, Y U NO sleep? D:
night night Kirz! :3
Om: :')
Night kirzstryfe
sonicrainboomer25 -derpy breaks down door- WHERE DA BUCK IS MY MUFFINZ -HEROSTAR POINTS AT sonicrainboomer25-
splendid!
Hang on
ugh my stream keeps freezing on me, my internets been crap today T_T
http://static.blol.me/photos/1276206520517.jpg
screw physics! add moar rockets!
/me balances a platform on his head :3
kenne: Having fun? :3
Mama: uh huh
you haven't been talking fot like a couple days while you were playing some movies
i gotta get my ass to bed too.good night everypony!!! *thows derpys muffin basket at MASF123*
Have a good sleep sonicrainboomer259
so ish anypony up for terraria with me??
SUNSHINE SUNSHINE, ladybugs awake, Clap your Hooves and Do a Little Shake!
SolairePony89, that is, indeed, brilliant.
All dem commas :3
^.^
You can forget that Minecraft session, sonicrainboomer259
clap your hooves and snake? snake! SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE! soorry to reuse the joke.
htis game.
again.
MASF123 ohellsyeas sunshine sunshine, ladybugs awake! clap your hooves an' do a lil' shake! ^.^
...lol?
walks away slowly..
Hey Sumica, Sparkle Sparkle Sparkle
MASF123: sorry!!! *takes back muffin basket*
/me dances
>_> We are NOT amused.
inb4 crash for no reason at all
/me throws basket to Sumica
not enough thrust this time?
Dances with DeathStar
hey the jet engines produce more thrust and gets u off the launch pad better
/me dances disco while making a little love
MASF123: O_O
this won't end wel
It will end well for us.
true
YEEEEHHHHHHAAAAAWWWW\
THIS CAN ONLY BE GOOD!
WTF...BOOM! Hahahahahaha!!!! >:D
noooo!
OHSHIT
oh god
ABORT!!
here it comes
Crash for no reason
KA-BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
Called it! :P
ABORT ABORT ABORT
hello every one
oh this is wrong way
i wonder, how many fuels have been wasted in the world if kerbal space program are real...?
FUCK FUCK FUCK
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hye cow334 :)
ded
1812 OVERTURE
ded
SNAKE? SNAAAAKE? SNAAAAAKE!!!!
Sumica i told you to add moar rockets!
ded
rekt
those new thrusters are overheating the old ones.
canterlotte we have a problem
Hey there cow334 :3
Hai Ponies47 what is going on
hai Polydunami
Sumica: it looked like a connector was missing
Care for a diamond?
Woodentoaster?
dat Fluttershy ping
oh here we go with the gala songs
cow334: Sumi is building a rocket to get to the moon :)
/me headbops
y noone play terraria? :L
The Big Bang Theory is now explained
She's a Pony :3
Ponies47: yes to save luna
or something
cow334: Guess so
The mission to save Luna is a go.
SHES A PONY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
Although most of the time we explode.
But that's besides the point.
is this the original or woodentoaster?
Woodentoaster.
Hey can any pony here me though?
Mr. Toaster
MISSON SAVE LUNA CODE NAME: 466273928 That is a go ROGER back
xxMoopyxx: Nope.avi :P
dat wall
stop being a rocket sciencetist and be a rocket sciencetist
GODDAMN
O_o
Whoa text wall
00,10shorten links
ded
ONE LARGE LINK
Wall o text detected
rekt
00,10learn to use it
What is this place filleed with so many big links! :O
that big link just to see a small luna
SO SORRY EVERYPONY. thought that was shorter
*filled
why are those linkages in stage 14?
did you pony mute me come on i do not like being muted come on now
cow334 Hi. I'm irony. Niced to meet you. XD
Bronies they die...we explode twice!
don't
xxMoopyxx: I WAS JOKING! YES WE CAN SEE YOU! :D
Luna launch is a go!
ok i was just asking
hello Barbetos well as you can see im a cow
oh noes
OH NO
Oh boy.
your losiing it sumi
Oh myyy
ded
xxMoopyxx: Just being Pinkie Pie agian :P
Lol
ded
ABORT
:(
eenope
:c
hah
They died smilling at least
lol
Aww, that would of been sweet if it worked!
Smile smile smile bitches.
My suggestion is this...
DISCORD
NOPE
haha i laughed when i heard the noise
ded
i know this song discord
yes song is yes!
move the engines on the pylons to the lowest stage along with the solid boosters... and use vectoring thrusters
Fill my heart up with death, death.
YFW this song was featured in Rolling Stone
BY THELIVINGTOMBSTONE
Sumica: are you really the only mod up right now?
/me sings along
This song is overrated
D:
YES THIS SONG! :)
crimson^ NU.
Which version is this?
the living tombstone
I have to agree with Crimson
i prefer luna dream mode over discord
NO! THIS SONG IS AWESOME! :[
Although I like the song, it is overated.
13ping
the lyrics suck, i'll admot that. not tombstone's fault.
Ohai Shizuka :)
Nittany_Discord people be making you songs xD
Shizuka: pong!
Uh oh
houston we have tilting
13somepony pinged
Ehh, I prefer Eurobeat's version.
Shizuka: me
losing it again.
DAM wy so many rockets
Nuts
Oh no.
ded
OH NOO
lolz
and down she goes
ded
rekt
I lkie how one astronaut is still smiling
do a barrel roll!
abort hurry
its hitting earth hard!
hey dude thats doing the rocket stuff do a barrel roll for us
woah blue ring
How many aliens have been spent in this XD
9002
Fair amount.
ded
SolairePony89 Well well I was going to call bs on your comment about rolling stone but lo and behold: http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/behind-the-music-of-pop-culture-smash-my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-20120420
/me leaves and commits suicide.
SolairePony89: Although, some more will need to be added to the list soon.
hey dude you sound like mindlessgonzo
Barbetos: It's actually a few months old, but still just as cool
Yeah it is
so wait you are mindlessgonzo?
The news story is a few months old I mean :P
Sumica: wats that song
Oh no.
u mica
Over heating issues if not flipping
ded
Impact in 4
ded
Methinks something is wrong
Just a suspicion though
SolairePony89: We need to add 3 more to 9002 aliens.
ded
Ohshi this is my song
9005 aliens were tested on in this stream.
Maybe the rocket is getting to much weight on it you might want to take something off
bye, everypony
Bye.
Pinkiepieswear ftw
later
I'm sure they were proud to die for Sumica and science
Man it has been a while since I have listend to Pinkiepieswear.
That's true.
nonononononoNONONONONONONONONO
NO.
NO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
DAFUQ
Just saying:
hint hint :3
Perfect song for their deaths.
You went the wrong way.
ded
Boom
The smiling one lasted 1 second longer than the others.
You're the best around!
Nothin's gonna ever keep you down!
Smiling does have some power then....
1812 overture
Pinkie Pie was right!
The WHOLE 1812 Overture?
To bad hew didn't smile hard enough, maybe he would have survived. u_u
I'm back,ponies! )
dat katamari
;~;
No just the finale
And there we go.
eenope
I'd love some more Dethklok
ded
did you use vectoring engines on those pylon mounted ones?
So ded.
rekt.
Oh. Meh, the finale needs to be after the rest of the piece. :|
What's going on,ponies? :)
Gamer_Luna: Crashing. xD
We're watching the fine testing of many nice aliens.
Gamer_Luna: A whole lot of KA-BEEEWWWMMMS
Looks funny XD
9012 aliens have been harmed so far.
Oh hey Gamer_Luna, Sumica's playing Kerbal Space Program :3
Mama: Alien slaves
Play you are smart
Ohai Gamer_Luna :)
It will help
Ponies47: Hello sweetheart :)
Flame-LoneWolf: Maybe. Not likely. They signed up for it :3
ice song
nice
Gamer_Luna: *squees*
Gamer_Luna: Oh and this will sound weird... But... Don't stop being with GilDash :$
Gamer_Luna: :D
I don't have a good feeling about this one.
I have a feeling.
Om: What do you mean?
0_0
It's going to explode.
Oop-
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5284/ <- He's following in Yaplap's hoof steps. :P
EWW JUSTIN BEIBER IS IN MANEHATTAN!!!!!!!!!
Nope he gun die
Wrong way!
Called it :3
ded
rekt.
Flame-LoneWolf: haha
lol
Gamer_Luna: I don't particularaly want to explain :$
Houston we-
dont fight man and just take your death
Houston we have a situation of dire proportions
They're all smiling :D
ded
Om: Please?I really gotta know :$
NOOOOOOO
aaw... yout little astronauts are .... um were so happy ^^
They're all smiled for son long ;c
hmm...
ded
So you got that thing in space before?
I miss them.
and Hi
:)
ded
CASH
I had really counted on them living ;c
Ohai ACS13123 :)
oh i can sing this
And managed to fry some astronauts too?
I hear Ring of Fire.
ring of fire ^-^
appropriate
Such happy songs to go along with the death of tiny, defencless green aliens burning to ashes.
Prick: you must have a very manly voice
I like this
hmm...
Flame-LoneWolf: Sure.
its tilting...
Oh goody.
nope.avi
No hope.
well i do have a deep voice
Oh god xD
boom
Houston we-
Boom.
Maybe the water will make it hurt less.
literally
Too bad they exploded :3
they exploded of joy ^^
^^
u only need one sas
The future of space travel.
Sumica: can you look at it from the very top?
The more the merrier.
Maybe hitting the water at such a high speed won't feel like hitting concrete :S
Maybe.
lol
They need to explode first.
Then it will be likely the water will be better :3
This is out of nowhere,but I love you all very much.I really do need to thank you guys for helping me at moments.I really did miss you,darlings <3
we love you too Gamer_Luna
LEGASP Gamer_Luna
/me hugs Gamer_Luna
<3
<3 you too Gamer_Luna
This is the theme song for these poor little bastards- I mean aliens.
Gamer_Luna: I <3 <3 <3 <3 u
did applejack say sunshine sucks about few minutes ago?
inb4 it tips
wow
hmm...
SMILE!
wait...
-_(\ sumi
SMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIILE!
Dafuq happened to half the rocket?
Gamer_Luna: we should pla video games
Smile smile smile
No they're screaming :c
Sumica: it
lol
and
down
it goes....
Sumica: it's great ^-^
maybe....
DeathStar: and Gamer_Luna ill be back in 1hr
ACS13123: or not
At least it will have the nice, soft water to land on
that structure isn't straight either
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: mmk
Spectrum_Rush: It's still going down...
Bye Alicorn_Prince_Shane I will miss you :)
^~^
Hey gonzo
ACS13123: wobbling all the way
you have a wobble in the tower
lol
Sumica: let's all clap our hands so it can fly!
wobble wobble wobble
And explode.
Time to die. :3
Am I the only one who doesn't like the current status of the documentary?
I don't like these aliens. They don't smile.
SolairePony89: :) no...
I like that post
Panda: Just wondering
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5072/ <- Prepare to be terminated :O
Hey what if happens if you made the worlds longest rocket?
And down it goes.
xxMoopyxx: it'll fall over and explode ^-^
oh ok
I wanna see that actually
if it's too long and straight it won't have enough thrust to takeoff... one rocket won't provide enoug lift
They're smiling :3
ded-
it is so tiny
awwwww
BLOW UP.
welcome back to earth
And now they drift in the sea...
they survived. that's rare in this space program
BLOW UP.
I know.
i need some antihate guys :(
Dance, tiny green men, dance!~
has he tryed for the othere planet
heh it flows
/me clings to SuperBrony64
Hmm... depends...
Idc "Just go with it."
ded in 10
This isn't going to end well...
Flame-LoneWolf: I'm sure it will.
I'm literaly just sitting here playing with my desktop ponies xD Tey are so amusing :3
/me clings to DeathStar
So is this the full game?
Clings to DuskStarshimmer
/me hugs DuskStarshimmer "why am I being clung to?"
DeathStar, Shane just beat up my friend and now Im alone :C
Nittany_Discord: I gots something for ya'...
Instead of a firey death, they'll just get eaten by sharks. :)
Jaws is coming for ya Aliens.
DuskStarshimmer: you're not alone! I'm here
oh wow
/me slides over to Om and gives hive cheese
how do you rotate them? which button?
:3
thank fully you are here DeathStar, I'm so confused
him*
:D
I smell startrek...
i smell iminent death
Gamer_Luna, I love your Cannibalistic Love story xD My name is Kyle tho, so that makes it kinda wierd
I see iminet death.
/me is cheesy
it looks to fancy to work
XD
GTG now...
BYE :)
Hey there, DeathStar! :)
wow dude really?.........a rocket airplane? really
Cya ACS13123. Take care. :)
hi Ninjazz
Bye ACS13123
O woah
Dammit.
that looks cool
bai ACS13123
:p
BroKnee: You like that?Thank you! :) Sorry for the awkward :$
Later ACS13123
Hit my sleep button.
xxMoopyxx: why not?
This is gonna be sweet
Ugh............
Iron_Edge: My picture?
uh^
Nittany_Discord: Yes sir.
Ninjazz: I see you haz teh cheese?
Gamer_Luna: Naw its cool xD I'm used to it, Kyle is a popular name in yaoi for some reason :s
Wat?
Om, I also found some chocolate for bonus points.
This reminds me of the game Spore.
Ninjazz: Oh ho ho!
Nittany_Discord: http://fav.me/d53nk1x pew....
wow dude just..........................wow
Gamer_Luna were you going to continue it? I like it :3
/me gives Om some bonus chocolate
Yaoi is gay love, right?
I closed my tap by mistake. :(
Ninjazz: Shoosh yeah!
Nittany, Yaoi is Boys' Love.
Nittany_Discord, yes.
11,01If so, I want to get a name change.
BroKnee: I'm writing right now :D
lol
Gamer_Luna: Okai :3
BroKnee: Have you seen the picture of Kenth?
Forgot to keep your badge on, Nitt.
Sumica: oh definetly
still safer than Delta
lets put that appealing look to the test
Gamer_Luna Nope :3
/me hands Flame-LoneWolf some popcorn. "This should be interesting."
11,01Iron_Edge: I like it. Thanks.
Sumica: it looks for to fancy to work right
Play the russian national antheme while you launch it!
BroKnee: PM me,I'll send you a link :)
/me glomps Ninjazz
Whoops!
OH GOD.
ded
my roflrocket goes...
ded.
DISSAPEAR!
ker-splat
Dat VioletGreySha! :D
:3
/me hugs VioletGreySha hard
Sumica: see far to fancy looking
:3
its to fast
Nittany_Discord: Like it huh? 1-10?
well now we know not to try that
this gun b gud
11,016/10
Nittany_Discord: Hmmm yeah thats fair.
So long and thanks for all the chat guys, I gotta go
11,01My hair is two colors.
this looks like something i made outa legos once
dat canard
Nittany_Discord: that may be shading your talking about :D
Nuts, Flash stopped working :[
Gamer_Luna Did you get that PM? :o
Nittany_Discord: but if your talking about the missing blue streaks
legos were the shit
11,01The missing blue streaks.
halo evry pony
What the heck?
So I'll see everyponi later!
ded
Wow
Hey there geeky-brony :3
rekt.
Hey geeky-brony :3
you have to climb very gently. That ship's got a lot of thrust, but not a lot of clearance
Ninjazz: where is your steam silly xP
Polydunami: halo
halo BroKnee
:D
set the controll speed to a default
VioletGreySha, thank you for reminding me! X3
/me hands Flame-LoneWolf more popcorn. "This should be even better."
Oh crap
inb4 this entire species is killed due to too many failed launch attempts
seems legit
I LOVE DIS SONG!
ded
/me dances
ded
BroKnee: Yup :)
halo Gamer_Luna
Nittany_Discord: Im not entirely finished with it -lol- I have a nittany-maid file saved im still working on it. But for the most part you can see the base outcome.
do a default speed dude
geeky-brony: GEEKY! :)
11,01I like it so far.
/me hugs Gamer_Luna how are you
Nittany_Discord: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4629/ <- Here have some of yourself :P
you have the thrust to get airborn, you're flipping end over end when you try is the problem
11,01Lol.
NOOO IT IS gonna fail
It's fine.
dont shoot it to the sjy
Nittany_Discord: You are Discord after all :P
geeky-brony: I'm good,you? :)
11,01I'm Nittany Discord.
Gamer_Luna: good :)
into the drink
Ok your Nittany_Discord right? :P
what does nittany mean?
What.
11.•10«11WB10 (Drake10) 11WB10»11•. 10- As long as you clean up after him then sure
ded-
02*WB03(Drake03)02WB* - <Lyon> 04I hate you all
FUUUUUUUUUUU
11,01I forget what it means.
Pinkie flew that one, she forgot there was no ground under her, so it stayed in the air a bit
to googlr
google*
Discord. Nittany Discord.
Nexy time Spriggals...Next time.
Sumica: Well they didnt die so thats progress in my book. -lol-
Polydunami: its got a nice roll of the tongue
11,01Sumica: Expert Rocketteer.
hey deathstar
Ded
ITS A LION
hey xxMoopyxx
Nittany_Discord: have you found Luna yet?
is your car runing?
it s gonna fail watch
/me hugs DeathStar
11,01I keep crashing on the moon.
halo DeathStar
They'll get eaten by the space sharks!
what game is this?
:c
xxMoopyxx: nope it has no legs
/me hands popcorn once again to Flame-LoneWolf "This should be the most intersting."
Nittany_Discord: i see
moar boosterz
Sumica: build an X-Wing!
yes
diddutz: no those things are evil!
well you better go catch it cause its going to fall of the edge
it's gonna blow up or fail watch
xD DeathStar
oh shit
Mama: Indeed.
Sumica: noice
ded
ded.
hahah see i told you
MURDER
sumi you made it skip
11,01Thank you for flying Sumica airlines. Have a nice afterlife.
Dat jungle beat :3
Hey deathstar is your phone ringing?
Dammit, you're veering off the runway xD
ded
BOOM
rekt.
kabom
That worked
xxMoopyxx: nope
new idea lets not go off the side
you are killing too much aliens
No he's not.
XD
We need more.
well you better go answer it befor it goes dead on yeah
DeathStar: how have you been
you need a wing on top
/me dances off to go eat dinner and noticed Mahboi777 isn't here to yell DINNER!
geeky-brony: good
:O
Nope just gonna blow up agian
DeathStar: yay
Look BOOOM
you need a wing on top
:D
SO CLOSE.
ded
DeathStar: DINNER
11,01Congrats Sumi!
hey deathstar is space craft any good?
it's gonna go boom agian watch
huh
who is streming
well the graphics don't even look to good dude
ded
:D
someone tryed to use my nick
xxMoopyxx: graphics...
11,01Sumica: Why not fire the solids and the engines?
yeah graphicis
Sumica: How does that haappen?? -lol-
how we gun save wunna if we cant even get tu teh moon
put a rocket on the bottom
english please
xxMoopyxx: you say that as if graphics is what makes a game fun
gaige: How are we going to save luna if we can't even get to the moon.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: http://www.ponibooru.org/post/view/198311 lookie
oh k
THE WINGS HAS BEN DUBELD
well it needs about 20 % cooler graphics
xxMoopyxx: Graphics don't make a game really. I'd play a game if it looked like crap if it was fun :l
Sumica: seems legit
Sumica: Dat canon
Sumica: that damn line hasnt moved away :( what is this called?
To shay sells men
Gamer_Luna: what have you been up to
/me 11,01brushes Gamer_Luna
i'll bet you have better graphic games deathstar
geeky-brony: Writing Yoai,that's all :$
it's going to blow up agian watch
Gamer_Luna: you like yaoi a lot dont you
Dang
:D
geeky-brony: Yeah :$
Spectrum_Rush inaccurate description, just sometimes ? looks cool :3 hopes it gets to mexico sometime soon
ded
Gamer_Luna: O_O do you draw it too?
xxMoopyxx: Because, if it has good graphics we have to instantly buy it right?
Gamer_Luna: lol
can you add moar thrusters
put landing gear on the cockpit
eeyup
Gamer_Luna: What does Yoai mean?
ahd ere rape
Airplane no... Rocket sled... Very
just ridulous amount of thursters
Om: yaoi is boy on boy stuff :)
Om, Yaoi. Yaoi means boys' love.
Panda: Yeah,but I'm still working on that :$
oh deathstar you play minecraft?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: I really like her new mane style there
Om: japnes for man on man
Sumica: come on man you can do better just go tryhard on that ship add like a hundred things to it
xxMoopyxx: No. We don't really. Just gameplay should matter, but if the graphics complement it then it will be good.
Gamer_Luna: well.. I could help with that ^^ i dont mind drawing yaoi XD
Ohh. I guess thats cool xD
good night all
/me slaps some sense into xxMoopyxx with a giant trout
Panda: It's about a cannibal :D
night Bluestrom_S
Goodnight Bluestrom_S :3
night Bluestrom_S
Sumica: MORE ROCKETS
nith Bluestrom_S may the force be with you
Gamer_Luna: a cannibal? hm... but its yaoi genre?
Spectrum_Rush as far as i can see tehy just added a bit of hair, also i demand a hat and cape
we need a warp drive on this ship
oh well i don't like minecraft as well it sucks
more rockets=bigger explosion
then well be going places
Sumica: easy with the rockets -lol- you wanna make it to the moon. not blow a hole through it :D
Sumica: Like a LOT MORE FULL THE WHOLE THING UP with rockets
xxMoopyxx: Why do you hate it so Moopy?
Mama: i think all hope is lost
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5072/ <- I jsut posted this on my Facebook because I felt like it. :P
Panda: I dont know
Hurry up the finale in overture is coming
Boom
*just
Sumica: 0.0
Sumica: make it just one big rocket XD
cannibal? This topic, I know nothing about it. But doesn't that mean you eat people?
cause its like a computer version dude thats why
Sumica: needs some rokits on the front
pull up
looks like something blew up
ded
Om: yes
nice shot
Watch IT blow up
xxMoopyxx: ...Because it's the computer version...
Panda: Soooo. Doesn that mean...
Sumica: you need more rockets like a lot more and MORE WING POWER
Spectrum_Rush also the eyes dude, they lack so much smugness
biggest case of domestic terrorism if ive ever seen it, at this point hes trying to get everyone killed
Om: it means you eat your own kinde so pony eat pony ppl eat ppl
ugh...............moving on
xxMoopyxx: really? Just because. I mean, it's not like the computer version has twice the stuff the console version does.
Om: yes... it means you eat people... its a really interesting mental disorder to say the least
he needs some under the wing
Just saying Moopy :3
Moving on
Panda: but what does that have to do with guy on guy?
Understandable.
Next topic to argue over?
Om: which is why i am interested in her writing
Sumica: MORE WING AND ROCKET POWER i want to see you win
trillions of dollars just trying to get to the moon
if you put thrusters in the fron the weight shouldnt be soo heavy in the back :D
Well here my idea fortresscracft is way better then minecraft
iit's all worth it do we are getting to luna
Panda: Soooo. Nope, I don't get it carry on.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: yeh tis a shame it cant be 100% percent accurate
xxMoopyxx: Reasons Moopy?
is it just me or does Sumica and Ghosties sound like brothers O_O
Just asking you know.
Sumica: Oh sweet celestia 0.0
more rockets on the front wings
dat plane !!!!!
Sumica: NO dont put rockets in the front it will just blow up the ones in the back
xxMoopyxx: son, i am disappoint
Sumica: that is wy you blow up like ALL THE TIME
Sumica, think about your weight
Wait
ssshhhh
:$
Spectrum_Rush does not matter anyway if i manage to get it, i will change the hair and add the cape and hat
Sumica: ya CUZ IN SUVIT RUSSHA ..... i dont have a joke ........ vodka?
geeky-brony: XD
11,01Might nod off to sleep here. If I do, goodnight.
Panda: lol
yay
nite if thats so Nittany_Discord
Goodnight Nittany :3
night Nittany_Discord
dishwasher_EXTREME: EXTREEEEEEEEEEEEEEMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEE
night Nittany_Discord :)
Panda: Why gay people are canibals :$ ??? I don't understand the connection
Nittany_Discord: goodnight...maybe?
Nittany_Discord: -lol- if you do /) good night.
goodnight dude
Om: i dunno :)
11,01I might go off.
11,01(\ Iron_Edge. Can't wait to see the finished image.
nite Nittany_Discord may the force be with u
UP UP AND AW-ded
Nittany_Discord: well if you do, have a good night.. and remember... pandas are watching O_O
xxMoopyxx: Do you prefer console gaming or PC gaming Moopy?
Sumica: SEE I TOLD YOU
I like the looks of horror on their little faces right before the fire
:P
:D
:)
:(
:O
Nittany_Discord: I'll work on it some more tomorrow. My wrist is killing me.
...
:$
Sumica: Take the front rockets off man
11,01K.
Panda: Okay... I'll just go flavor my water. Have fun with your understand of cinibal yoai xD
are you sure thrust is what you need ?
VODKA
Sumica: yeah man I want to see you go to the moon
Nightn ight Nittany_Discord :)
Om: XD i want flavored water too!
cow334: now why would we do that? that would imply a chance of survival
*Night night
kenne: hmm i dunno
Nittany_Discord: Night. :)
Ponies47: vodka is good for the soul comrad
kenne: Survival? We can't have that!
let try with getting off the ground first
geeky-brony: What?
yes
Panda: It wont fit thought the internet
ded
Sumica: try to make the most craziest thing of a rocket shit you can make like add so much stuff to it that you wont even be able to see the rocket
ROFL
ah come on!!!!!!!!!!
Om: XD take a picture and ill wring it out :)
i thought we were building a rocket ship not a drill
Sumica: Sorry about the badword that was for something else
Sumica: i think you crashed
Panda: That's just silly xD and I'm not going to drive all the way down there to give you some either
no were buildong alien suicide bombing ships
DeathStar: O_O
xxMoopyxx: So...Fortresscraft over Minecraft eh? Never gonna let it go :3
Sumica: I did'nt mean to say the badword i meant ship I am sorry about that
Om: XD whhy not! ill pay for gas XD
yay
wait
Sumica: make it look more crazy
Panda: Psssh. Now I am just going to deny because you are being silly :P
I LOVE THIS SONG :D
too bad buffer
vat is dat?!?!?!
CAN I EXPLODE AGIAN!?! IT'S SO MUCH FUN! :D
is that even safe?!?1
Sure it is!
soup"S on every pony !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
O_O
*Explodes*
Sumica: OH MY GOD WHAT IS that
*Respawns*
Every time! :)
yaay to the MOOOOON
Sumi did you switch the liquids on the bottom with solid
Sumica: that... looks psycho :)
Wow.
where do the people stay
dat whoa!
What has science done.......
That... That's a rocket.
gaige: inside ofcorss haha
the leaning tower of rocket fuel
Rather, that's a spaceship :S
sumi did you switch the liquids with solid on the bottom or is it still the same
Remember... Rockets are just missiles aimed at space instead of somone...
crap chat derp
Panda: He can train you next for a chalange :)
Om: XD i doubt it, i am untrainable
Sumica: now build one Legitly
yesyesyesyes
and DED!
Panda: We can use you as a strut then xD
he did build this one
om XD
Sumi but the problem is where are the alians sopossed to sit ?
All them ponies :3
cow334 on the nose, duh :p
inside of courese
Sumi OH MY GOD that is pretty cool ehh nice rocket then
xD
anyone want to make a kerbal space program MOD with ponies as pilots?
BroKnee: haha
look at the bottom of the ship IMMA FIRE MAI LAZOR
Sumica: Heres a question, were do they find these crack pilots to go on the suicide mission that is flying your ships?? :D -lol-
Mexico
Rofl
How are those little fuckers still in the rocket.....
Sumica: Your funny :3
Sumi are you even heading to the moon?
O_O sea monkey's = Seamen right Sumica ?
Sumica: xD that was a southpark reference XD
back my lap top just derped
Sumi haha they are gonna die ad what is that noise like it sounds like this WO\AAOOOW
He's not going to the moon... He's going... TO SCIENCE!!!
I like that sound you play where is it from?
I think its the WHOA the aliens make
Sumi it sounds like a guy saying WOOW
Ponies47: (\
YOU ARE A PIRATE!
geeky-brony: /)
Sumica: keep this song
aumi yeah that one where is it from?
Everypony: /)
SuperBrony64: s awake
ARRG
OH CRAP
Sumi oh okay then
so who is streaming now?
haha'
rapid press it sumi
Ponies47: arrg gev meh yur gold
pirate-geeky: Nope.avi. I an't got no gold. :P
it must be sumica judging by the sounds
/me dances
*ain't
love this song, Sumica
if you do your orbital turn in any position but 90 or 270, you end up skewed away from lunar orbit. The moon travels along the path of the planet's equator
wait you arent the one activateing the soun afect Sumica
/me Joins Panda
/me tires not to dance
sound affect
Ponies47: arrg gev meh yar ponys den
Sumica: ping
04Patrolling the Mojave almost makes you wish for a nuclear winter...
Sumi can you find equestria?
dat Ghosties :D
Ghosties: arrrg
Hey Ghosties :3
pirate-geeky: But I am a pony and so are you.
someone is playing New Vegas
high gho1
Ghosties: dat NCR trooper quote
Ghosties:
/me hugs Ghosties I missed you :D
04Hello everyone
Ohai Ghosties :)
Ponies47: ..... arg?
hai Ghosties
04Someone (meaning me) is indeed playing New Vegas
hello Ghosties!
XD i knew it!
pirate-geeky: Look you have hoofs and your holding your sword in your mouth. :)
Ghosties: new vegoust is awesome i liked it
Ghosties: do you have all the expansions?
Hey deathstar i can't out to the livingroom over here cause my mom or my step dad is sleeping out there and i can't tell which one of them is sleeping out there. So that way there going to make sure that they know im still up cause its like 3:26 over here cause i can not go make myself a snack like apples or PB sandwhich what should i do dude? should i wait untill 1 of them goes back to the bed room and sleep or what? hekp me ou
I love the mod that allows you to take all your party members with you at the same time, you are like a mobile hit squad at that point
Ponies47: bing a pirat got boring
dat text wall
xxMoopyxx: huh?
Om: enop
Sumica: okay you see that moon looking planet when you are in first person mode in the game try to get to it
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5281/
look at my big text scroll up a little bit
chill out
geeky-brony: Good *pats head*
geeky-brony: Its not there O_o
Sumica: that one right there
Om: whaaaaa
xxMoopyxx: dat wall , secondly DeathStar is afk at the moment
Ponies47: yay
the orbital mechanics aren't too bad really, you just have to know the tricks
:D YES!
Dang it
xxMoopyxx: That's what that picture was for :P
ALL OF MY YES!
geeky-brony: Its all in our imagination
what song is that called?
eeyup
Om: oki doki loki
you see it
cow334: parasprite polka
"It's up to the artist to use language that can be understood, not hide it in some private code. Most of these jokers don't even want to use language you and I know or can learn . . . they would rather sneer at us and be smug, because we 'fail' to see what they are driving at. If indeed they are driving at anything--obscurity is usually the refuge of incompetence." - Robert A. Heinlein,
Stranger in a Strange Land
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5281/
geeky-brony: Oh, and that pic, is perfect~
panda THANK YOU SO MUCH i have been looking for it all over the place
Om: what pic
cow334: :D no problem :)
SO MUCH 8-BIT! 6_9
what the one i made
geeky-brony: The wall of text one
everyone look at that!
Om: that was Ponies47
oh that
Panda: /)
cow334: (\
Panda: :O
night guys
Om: I KNOW RIGHT?
night gaige :)
Panda: (\ :O
Panda: /)(\
geeky-brony: /)
geeky-brony: Fine don't take undiserved prais >.> :D
the moon won't be there when you get there
geeky-brony: eeyup. Mylittlefacewhen I love that website. I may have posted a few of there pic's on my Facebook :p
Ponies47: lolz
want the trick?
Sumica: TO THE MOON
geeky-brony: Plus I love useing them in here to :P
Sumica: all my yay
Are you gana make it Sumica? :o
Ponies47: i can see
Well i can't leave my bedroom cause my mom or my step dad is sleeping on the couch out there and i can't go anywhere what should i do guys help me out here
geeky-brony: eeyup :P
hag bloody add
DuskStarshimmer: u there?
xxMoopyxx: Climp out the window :P
*climb
no, he isn't. he doesn't have the fuel to correct the course at this point
Sumi you need to get back to teh erths
earth
Press "Q" Sumica (Jk I've never even seen this before)
Ponies47: how are you sir
geeky-brony: Fine :P
Ponies47: ok
well im sitting near the window and i have a screen on the otherside dude
thats a nice space ship Sumica u should be a space engie
I can get you to mun.
BARELS
hay Sumica
Sumi hmm your right earth sucks go to equestria
DED
sumi -_(\
You know I went to Target today and got some soda. A got a 8-pack of bottles and I'm on the 7th O_o
cow334 /)
Ponies47: (\
Ponies47: :[ :[ :[
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: why u rage
/me is now angry
Sumica: oh well now you made deadspace
not even close to enough delta
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: I have been a bad pony :( BUT I KID! :D
Cause i want to go make some bednight snacks for me but i can't leave my bedroom
Oh look, I do have an x-box live accaount xD
BroKnee: /)(\
11,02Night all :)
Om: you do ?
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: Chill! Was joking! :d
cow334: Apparently :I
night SuperBrony64|Zzz Moo
nigt SuperBrony64|Zzz my the force be with you
geeky-brony: cause Ponies47 s teeth are gonna rot and i dont want his teeth to rot
night SB64 :3
/me hugs Alicorn_Prince_Shane "Don't be so upset :<"
night mr awesome cool SuperBrony64|Zzz
nite SuperBrony64|Zzz
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: your so thotful
Really, if your average human wound up in Equestria all of a sudden, he wouldn't be exactly hunky-dory if you get my drift
night SuperBrony64|Zzz
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: I WAS JOKING! :D
i love Ponies47 i dont want him to get rotten teeth
Om: you want to be my friend on it
Ponies47: o u
11,02I should really brush my teeth more often...
DO IT, SUPERBRONY64
lol SuperBrony64|Zzz yes do it
DO IT
11,02I try to do it every night...but I get so tired that I just pass out before I do >>
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: I know I is random. I wanted to see how you reacted :p
SuperBrony64|Zzz: you need to if you havent a lot of bad things can happen if you dont
cow334: I don't have many games xD and I don't know if its still a valid account... I should check.
Ponies47: i dranka 12 pak of DR peper to meh silf once
Night ngith SuperBrony64|Zzz :)
I don't care if you're dead drunk: do it.
what can i do guys im really disapointed right now
ive already had like 5 fillings and i dont want anyone to experience it to
Om: yeah
11,02And no, I'm not going to brush my teeth once at night and once in the morning :3
Tell me about it SuperBrony64, I know exactly how you fee- OMG BED TIME MUSIC
Sumica: no! not this song... i dont wanna go to bed!
11,02Once at night is all you need :I
This might make be sleepy
xxMoopyxx: hug a pony?
SuperBrony64|Zzz: but it's good
SuperBrony64|Zzz: same
geeky-brony: I'm trying to cut back. I drink WAY to much so I'm cutting back. :)
SuperBrony64|Zzz: um...
SuperBrony64, a colony of bacteria are building homes in your teeth.
umm i don't have a plushy pony dude
Ponies47: YAY ur cutting back u iz get hugz now
/me attacks Ponies47 with hugs
Ponies47: NO SUCH THING
/me stares at geeky-brony
I dont drink at all
o hai Ghosties
Sumica: wait... i didnt mean change it :(
/me pokes DuskStarshimmer
Attacks Alicorn_Prince_Shane with hugs back :)
Ponies47: lolololo
/me Attacks Alicorn_Prince_Shane with hugs
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: what i like soda ........ and bacon
Why not 8?
I had to get in on it p
i love this eurobeat music ^^
:p
Panda: lol
Panda: Who doesn't xD
imma go get a snack
cow334: ok
Om: i know right?
hey um... Sumica could you send me a list of pony music?
11,02Anyway, I'm going to brush my teeth now and head to sleep ^-^
I'm so glad I took that nap, now I don't have to sleep all night!
Hooray! :3
night night SuperBrony64|Zzz :)
Om: XD
nigth SuperBrony64|Zzz may the force be with you
Cause its Friday and all but i can't go out to the livingroom and my stomach is hungry dude
SuperBrony64|Zzz: ♫ Hush Now ♪
01,04Brush my teeth with chocolate syrup o___o
Sumica, I hate to be a bother, but if you do send him that list, would you mind sending it my way as well? :)
SuperBrony64|Zzz: lolz
Oh nuts
SuperBrony64|Zzz: O_O DAT RED!
SuperBrony64|Zzz: :O
evil! SuperBrony64|Zzz !!!!!
Hes angry!
RUN!
11,02^-^
SuperBrony64|Zzz: night sillyfilly64 :3
Sumica: ill pay you?
VioletGreySha: x SuperBrony64|Zzz
11,02Night :3
lolololo
Oh wait I think I have some chocolate syrup. :P
Chocolate rain
He's got a touch of Hyde :3
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: you rilley car about dental higen dont u
night SuperBrony64|Zzz
lets do the time warp again~
geeky-brony: lol mehebeh
uh sumi i think your over a pole
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: lolz
back to the tardis!!!!!!!!
*Sleepy newly awakened all chat glomp atempts. Falls on face instead* Herros all *Blinks blearily*
Winter wrapup?
FairysHuff! Hello :3
FairysHuff: Hello der
^_^ allo
annnnnd
Does anyone else think that Uboa looks a bit like Snape?
xD fitting music
dat Walts for Trixie~
BRB
The music says that they die....
Man if i had superpowers for real i would walk through walls so that way my mom or my step dad won't even see me
/me Helps FairysHuff up and hugglez
You should let them crash Sumica
ANTARTICA!
BroKnee: Tank ooo ~_~
and thay are ded no bic suprce ............ not ded big supries
... That's KANTARKTIKA.
FairysHuff: Any time :3
...........
Hey sumica whats up man how are you doing bro?
good bye for now, i hope i'll return later :)
nith somepony_else may the force be with you
Bye somepony_else :)
thx geeky-brony
I wonder if anypony knows Antarctica by Vangelis
?
xxMoopyxx: you mean no-clipping?
more thrusters? GIGITY
build a moon rocket
Back with WATER and my cat. Not my cat Soarin my other cat Smokey :P
what are you talking about no clipping?
Well i am back and SUMI WHAT THE FLIP IS THAT
Well i'm going to sleep, Goodnight everyone.
Ponies47: no im alrgic to kittys
cow334: that is a rocket
geeky-brony: She's not in the chat :P
any1 kno where Cupcakewarrior is?
geeky-brony: WHAT man that sucks
That is one way to go deeper
niht TheGreatAndPowerfulT may the force be with u
nite TheGreatAndPowerfulT
XD
Sumica: brilliant!
DeathStar: well he is gonna blow up
Sumica, it will burn everything else XD
launcb it!
cow334: i know :(
cow334: ^-^ yup
Sumica: are you trying to make a drill? XD
No matter what happens, this will end well
Sumi I am ready to watch you blow up
Night night TheGrea.........
I know that feel, geeky-brony. I like kitties but my body doesn't :(
DANG IT! :'(
DeathStar: yup
/me hugs DeathStar
Panda: he's gonna drill a hole in thw sky
Sumica: ^^
Polydunami: sad face
sumi or punch hholes on the skai
Oh god
XD
/me noms on DeathStar s mane
LOLOLOL
hahahahahahaa
/me hugs geeky-brony
geeky-brony: I know right
Alicorn_Prince_Shane: my mane!
XD
I respect your vocabulary Sumica
*sniff* beatiful
Sumica: HAHAHAHAHA
.........................ded
kaboom
DeathStar: No, he just exploded the heavens instead
Sumica: holy shit i fell off my chair XD
Well, that was an experience.
Hey deathstar hang on a minute im going to plugg in my ear buds so that way my mom or my step dad don't hear anything
And yes I do have a kitty named after Soarin! ^_^
insta death
THAT's what Science is all about
Sumica: it wen't so fast it disapered!
/me cries
You have brought great honor to the Bronystate Space Project
Hugs Alicorn_Prince_Shane
Clearly.
Sumica: do it one more tim please just blow up
time
See that? I'm moving so fast it looks like I'm not moving at all! :3
DeathStar: we need someone to make a bronystate youtube channel ^^
