GilDash: Somepony is late
Unnr: Holla! :)
cachi01: I KNOW
:D
Kammerjunk: you need ALL THE SWAG
all of it
/me nods
Om: Somepony has life to catch up with. :D
good to hear GilDash no more college for 2 months after friday
alexxm: Aww... I've still got work. :D
GilDash: le-ife? Don't use words I don't understand
ponibooru.413chan.net/post/view/145552 Not what I was looking for but close enough
Unnr: Yeah, but the problem is that I can only have one T-shirt on at a time if I want it all to be visible. So instead, I need MLP shoes or pants or maybe even a hat.
I just bought my very first pony shirt for 7.99
Om: Maybe you've got to use Google this time. :p
Bronysith: I've yet to see a game I feel is worth monthly payments, to be honest. 'swhy I bought GW2. One time payment for a solid quality MMO? Sure thing.
that´s why I haven´t been around in a while. CURSE YOU LIFE AND WORK AND COLLEGE. *Cough* sorry bout the caps.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: may i make a recomendation drawing?
Soo many text D:
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: it needs more "flare" to it, get it? get it?! :D
Have.. to read....
CriticKitten: i like my good pc shooters
Bronysith Regs ?
Kammerjunk, how about a swaggy sweater-vest?
GilDash: I have, just ask Dashiesauce
Or tie?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: yup!
But nah, its nice, good job dude :3
Om: ... :D
Unnr: 'Slong as it can be opened in the front.
one day Bronysith one day
FlareChaser are you a girl ?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: awesome...do you havfe your oc yet?
/me would love a Rainbow Dash themed hawaiian shirt
>TheGreatAndPowerfulT
>Oc
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: After all this time, you think I'm a girl.
wat
After all the L4D2 we played.
you still don't know.
FlareChaser i do not pat attention to anything so i'm asking are you ?
13vivi ist hier?
FlareChaser: T__T There, there, we can´t all be spawn from the depths.
THE GREAT AND POWERFUL PONE
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: No, I am not :3
hey Shizuka *glomps*
FlareChaser then read the title of tha pic
._.
13there ist no vivi here .-.
13why you get my hopes up :<
Shizuka! Stream indy games!
Vivi ist nicht hier.
we sorry Shizuka ;<
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Now do the one for the stal- you know that, That'll take a long time, I don't recommend it.
I can get you a list of Freeware games!
Aww, I was looking forward to a vivi. *angsts*
Wait
I thought Rain was a guy
I didnt say vivi was here :p
also hi rain :)
today´s dinner: pulled pork that has been sitting over charcoal for the last many hours
Vivi war hier, aber nicht jetzt.
/me wut
13.-.
>_>
Sen ist un pipe
I think...
Bronysith i do have an OC
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: link?
INB4 link to the G&PT.
I'm not sure if I have one
Kammerjunk i lack imagination but not that much
Bronysith: would that be the great and powerful link?
so why hasn't metal wolf chaos been in super robot wars yet
What would I use an OC for, anyway?
Kammerjunk: Fanart.
WeLoveFine site is going terribly slow all of a sudden. What ever could be the cause, I wonder?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: i mean a handrawn or computer drawn one. not the pony creator
I dunno
alexxm, because the world is not ready for it.
FlareChaser: Trust me, you do NOT want to see me draw anything.
I would find a use for an OC if I get famous somehow
Bronysith not done mine
Kammerjunk: as in for you...
but now I am in no need
FlareChaser: I've done nothing worthy of the sort.
Unnr its ready for gurren lagann to be in it so why not metal wolf chaos
Kammerjunk: Here, let me show you all the reque- actually some of them are NSFW..
Can't :3
oh
my
Yeah...
I'm not squeamish, but them's deh rules.
7.3 on startrek
going goood
11,02DA RULEZ
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EY7BIvpO4BU&feature=related
SuperBrony64, stream Fairy oddparents
You broke da rulez?
CrimsonPhoenix: no
13http://i.imgur.com/3o3C5.jpg?1
11,02O.O
Bronysith, why not?
Fairy oodparents is awesome
CrimsonPhoenix: that show is so.. ugh
I bet you hate Foster's home for imaginary friends too
Hey there SuperBrony64! Want to see a nice picture?
CrimsonPhoenix: what? i love that show
11,02Sure :D
/me glomps SuperBrony64 4
Foster's Home is so good, you don't even.
13http://i.imgur.com/Px7PE.jpg
well then SuperBrony64 stream Foster's home for imaginary friends please
who wants to see something creepy
Lay it on me.
Shizuka, lol dat Rarity.
alexxm: please no more G3
/me hugs AttackPony back O.O
Shizuka: awesomeness
Kammerjunk and cachi01 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FT_ZpHgiIKo
/me glomps SuperBrony64
Ohai SB
killerpony7733: Hello...?
/me hugs Bronysith back
alexxm: dem related vids
/me hugs SuperBrony64
11,02Biglaw: Dat awesome pic O.O
alexxm: I get the feeling you would like a Slenderman song I once saw (No, it's not Gimme 20 Dollars).
thanks :)
/me hugs SuperBrony64 ;3
alexxm: LOL AT THE COMMENTS XDDDDDDDD
http://dan-vs-fim.tumblr.com/
Kammerjunk: ooow :(
cachi01 and Kammerjunk what do you think of it
alexxm: pedo pokemon is pedo
WeLoveFine servers: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWqS4A1kVKY
alexxm: It's neat. I imagine you would like http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eMgbfFpXZu0
alexxm: if lavender town had lyrics also lol
Somehow I get a feeling he'll come back...but not for long Bronysith
BRB i have to make a deposit in the national bank of the porcelain
In the what-now?
SuperBrony64 this morning, the sun was red o.o
sounds good so far Kammerjunk
alexxm: fun fact i liked the song lol
alexxm: whats the name of the creepypasta?
Marble Hornets is a pretty weird series, though.
I don't get it.
marble hornets in a nutshell = 20 dollars
cachi01 i don't know i only heard about if from the video
13http://fav.me/d5538c5
No wifi in the club.
would marble hornets count as a b movie
Shizuka: That's equal parts awesome and terrifying.
alexxm: yes
thank cachi01
http://img.ponibooru.org/_images/c9d0d36b6eb86c697f9f6db64d403522/36286%20-%20applejack%20breakdown%20chart%20CMFIS%20cutie_mark%20fluttershy%20pinkie_pie%20rainbow_dash%20rarity%20science%20twilight_sparkle.PNG
now this is scary as hell http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT9r_-oHJV0
oh...got a bit long
Guys I`ve found a thread about french ponies and please derpy_pony use derpy.me
kk :)
now give me 20 dollars
derpy_pony: Of the Mane 6, I particularly enjoy Pinkie Pie's flaw.
It makes her interesting.
it makes her scary
and interesting, yes :)
11,02Biglaw: Oh my O.O
So that 25% code only works for shirts?
/me noms on SuperBrony64 s computer
>Rarity
SuperBrony64?
>Great at designing clothes
>Cutie Mark
Oooh, yeah, sun
;p
:p
Yes she's great at designing clothes but that's not her cutie mark
so who wants a slenderman series to be shown one movie night
cachi01 - alexxm: Ever heard of Spore?
neh i think the season 2 finalys
Kammerjunk isn't that the evolution game
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jkz6aHe_ZTw - :why:
It sure is.
whats with the slender man fetish thats going on?
i dont get it
Bronysith: I just got 20 dollars.
neather do i
diner back soon
lets go back to sasquatch
Bronysith: its called a meme. It tends to be repeated alot.
sasquatch>slender man
memes just got to be 20% cooler
RX-78-SweetieBot: i thought it was just a monster
trolol
It was
http://boards.4chan.org/mlp/res/2996369 French Ponies for everyone, the guy is dumping ponytails too
currently it is a meme
BROHOOF
Y NONE OF U BROHOOF
sleeping
also, its implied
Bronysith: Windigoes>Sasquatch
/me noms on Chrysalis
mmm
cheese
11,02Showtime~
dear celestia today i learned that NOBODY BROHOOFS,
timstr117: /)
timstr117: (\
timstr117: that's a lie /)
CrimsonPhoenix: http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1341427502049.png - Yup, that's all I came to see.
\o
hehe
SuperBrony64 my dog died :(
oh yeh i sent a message saying BROHOOF and none replyed
Chrysalis is best villain.
nope.avi
discord is
in mlp fim that is
I don't know why, but I just really like Chrysalis as a character.
tell me Kammerjunk what is Chrysalis s goal
Kammerjunk: spore really sucked
Maybe it's just the design fooling me, I dunno.
BROHOOF
cachi01: ty
Bronysith: Ruling Equestria?
cachi01: It would've been better with a multiplayer mode.
/me hugs Biglaw "I'm so sorry ;~;"
Kammerjunk: yeah
Kammerjunk: exactly. discord had no intention. he just wanted to cause chaos cause he is bored
/me hugs SuperBrony64 back "It's okay, I have all you guys here."
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
T-T
thansk for that Tom
Bronysith: And that's why Discord is a great villain to me, since I never watched Star Trek (Although his voice is stil so sexy). He just had a different idea of what the world was supposed to be.
you really helped us.
a lot :|
Kammerjunk: also he doesnt sound like a octopus that swallod a ham
FlareChaser: don't be mad at the bot :D
Bronysith: You just jelly 'cause Chrysalis has a permanent wetmane.
Kammerjunk: nope. i dont like her. like, at all
http://swiftor.com/f2/megaupload-shut-down-47347/ its an epic pic
Bronysith, anything on?
Feasttalon: i dont like that changeling because she relied on an army to do her bidding
Good Mornin' Ponyville!!!!
Whaaattt??
Bronysith: They can't all be powerful whatchamacallits.
Bronysith: she owned celestia... by her own
MASF123: wub wub wub
cachi01: but the army stopped the mane six
I assume that's a no, and in that case I'll catch you all later
Bronysith: they were invading ponyville
sagas, I got that Wub pin in Bronycon.
Bronysith: its like a war
MASF123, nice
brb, gotta watch Zero Punctuation
who dafuq goes and invades a country with no army
cachi01: discord
good afternoon Bronystate
discord is a giant powerful demigod creature he doesnt count lol
and dat is spam
Anypony feel disappointed about the Attack of the Show interview?
MASF123 : wasnt as bad as I expected
cachi01 Discord IS a god, silly filly
True FOx News awas harsh.
was
whatde you expext MASF123
KEFKA IS BEST VILLAIN EVER
Fox news...pfft..
MASF123: host was an over the top douche
sagas, a longer nicer review.
Bronysith, you mispelled Sephiroth
DOOOOOHOHOHOHOHO
CrimsonPhoenix: nope
LOOOOL
Hahahah
. . .
MASF123, thats wishful thinking
and IMO rainbow dash is trixie just with common sense :l
LA LA LALALA LA LALA
I was expecting us to get the spotlight for once.
CrimsonPhoenix: sephiroth just did what his mommmy said
is the chat dead?
ReAd Scootaloo's DESCRPITION
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-nzN7ih1tzNM/T_P1SA6wL3I/AAAAAAAAvGQ/YuxT0FxKVSE/s1600/4.jpg
Bronysith, I know
I take that as a yes :/
Sephiroth was a fagget
CrimsonPhoenix: kefka went mad when he wanted to and not only does he threaten to destroy the world
: http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/File:41416_-_artist-scratch42_gun_love_and_tolerance_marine_military_rainbow_dash_
xemnas is best pony
CrimsonPhoenix: kefka destroyed the world
Hey Lil_B :D
mansex is best pony
Lil_B: nope, its pretty alive :)
Vordox not sure if sutble nod, or what
xemnas*
hello every one
happy 4th of july
whohoo
I dun care. that's enjoyment!
hi cow334
Bronysith, while I haven't played 6th much I do LOVE Kefka's personality
hi cow334
The guy who represented us did really good. I would have lost my temper and make us look bad. :/
timstr117: what's that?
sry the page isnt working
hai Canadian_Brony and cachi01
timstr117: this appears to be the case
CrimsonPhoenix: he is the best villain cause he actaully is insane and destroys the world. he is best CAUSE HE FOLLOWS THROUGH on his threats
and also I don't really enjoy sephiroth, not that I hate him but he's just uninteresting
Vordox: There is no way that's coincidence.
Is the Stream broken?
Bronysith, like the Joker?
Kammerjunk: Indeed not!
CrimsonPhoenix: exactly
MASF123 there is not stream currently
MASF123: nope, there's just noone streaming atm.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I GOT THE NEWSLETTER
Personally I preffer my villain classy
Bronysith nice!
ABOUT TIME
/me checks his e-mail
NEWSLETTER IS HERE!!!!!!!! SuperBrony64 or another mod PLEASE ANNOUNCE
and i cast my votes
Bronysith I did:'(n't get the newsletter
Und dann I got a newsletter.
-_(\
/me glomps Meanwhile
HEY EVERYPONY! :p
So apparently, my 1 year old sister really likes Replacer's "A Pony Like Me".
Nice job Shizuka.
afternoon ponies47
I don't have the newsletter
Shizuka: great job miss
AttackPony: Funny, I received it literally just now.
Any Brony news? Only thing I did was participate in the part 2 brony survey.
*Yawn* Feel so tired...
Kammerjunk: It's not in my Spam folder either, though it shouldn't be because I have Bronystate as my contacts
Well atleast somepony was nice to say hi. Hi Canadian_Brony :)
13ping?
Shizuka: pong :P
Hi ponies47
NEWSETTTTER
Shizuka it was Meanwhile and Bronysith
13ja..
13why ping?
Shizuka was the newsletter sent?
Shizuka: cause you fixed the newsletter
AttackPony: Don't expect that to be the case. They had some newsletter problems. Thunderbird certainly didn't recognise the e-mail I got.
Hm?
oh yeah :P
Kammerjunk: I just literally got it lolol
@Shizuka, did someone say, "Ping?"
13the method i was setting up won't be used
AttackPony: DUN DUN DUUUUN
Also *huggles Meanwhil*
/me hugs AttackPony.
Shizuka but I didn't get the newsletter yet . . .
Kammerjunk: *LE DRAMATIC MUSIC STING*
OH BaconMane Nice interview =#
Any moderator here attended Summer Bronycon 2012?
Shizuka scratch that! I got it!
0,5Thanks!
hi BaconMane
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrEfbBdxt10 - So calming, and yet so sad.
OMG IN SEASON 1 EPISODE 13 PINKEY ADMITS TO EATING MEAT
/me sits on BaconMane
Chrysalis are you online?
/me kilss timstr117
of course
Ohai BaconMane :P
0,5it was a fun time ^^
im always online
timstr117: At what time?
i'm back i miss much
BaconMane: Lucky. You got to go to bronycon :(
Chrysalis /) god choice on the B Movie
*good
timstr117: how painful?
Thanks :D
How many will attend next Bronycon?
0,5I didn't go to BronyCon though
Ohai alexxm Not much :P
I DONT KNOW WHAT TIME BUT ITS WHEN SHE IS IN THE HOT AIR BALOON
0,5What made you think that?
no ones made a negative comment yet
thanks Ponies47
BaconMane: id idnt get to go either
the hot dog eating contest throw-away line. Whatever. :D
I went. It was fun.
5.7 on IMDB, 10 million dollar budget. Rank?
15 MIN INTO THE EPISODE
Ceci n'est pas une Pie :o
BaconMane: IDK. :P
0,5timstr117 Please stop allcapsing
timstr117: enough with the all caps
ok
timstr117: ahhahahahahah ahhh. no tim what you need to know is. no one knows what makes a hotdog
OH MAI GOD
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-mnaIciWHcfg/T_P1S1n5WdI/AAAAAAAAvGY/d5hJSqTlHSo/s1600/5.jpg
0,5If I were a pony I would still eat meat
BLUEBLOOD'S Description Types! O.o
The Fans was riht!
BaconMane: I always though ponies were vegetarian.
timstr117: there is no meat in hotdogs. it is all sewage water
StinkomanFan, yes it is a Pie.
sewage water is tasty
Vordox mehh lyra and carrot top really ?
Horses will eat anything.
With "Terminator" getting streamed next week, I guess I can't vote for it
BaconMane: your not a pony?
IS there a stream?
/me sigh
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Bon Bon is kinda impossible to get
Terminator trilogy next week?
Ponies47 nnope
The name that is
Awesome.
no they eat almose 100% of the time veggys
MASF123, no. No it's a picture of Pinkie Pie
Meanwhile eeyup
Sweet
Canadian_Brony: Thank you
5.7 on IMDB, 10 million dollar budget. Rank?
and "Back to The Future"
Vordox it's lyra and bon bon ALWAYS
fun fact: Lyra's best friend is carrot top not bon bon
trilogy
Meanwhile: B?
cachi01: but her lover is bonbon
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas - A or B film?
Canadian_Brony: do you think Canadians would be butthurt seeing a Fluttershy dressed in a mountie uniform saying "Yay, eh?"
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Yeah but they cannot USE Bon Bon's name
Golden Harvest doesn't sound as good as Carrot Top
ikr
MASF123: She has both names
Yeah that's what I was afraid of. Because The Matrix is queued in the trilogies event I need a new A movie to pick and I can't think of any. >_<
CoundDoofus -_(\ . . .
Just like Derpy
Meanwhile: your highness
cachi01: Just Meanwhile will do.
No Stream...so bored.
Meanwhile i'm put pokemon the first movie :D
lol its the name of the movie xd
I wanna see the 80's Batman Trilogy
/me sits on TheGreatAndPowerfulT
It's spinnin' around n around.
Canadian_Brony: Cause that's what I did. http://derpy.me/tlhTw
The buffering
TheGreatAndPowerfulT You son of a gun. You've picked one of my favourite movies.
yay, got my newsletter
I chose Chicken Run for A
aaand chat derp
Man on fire for me. Its been a while I saw it.
If I could make a suggestion for a movie right now, can it be "The Warriors?"
What do we think is the average rating for an A movie without much budget? 6.5? 7?
CountDoofus if she were to properly use "Eh?", whe wouldn't use it after a vowel sound, esecially a hard A. It would sound like "Yay-ay?"
afk
Meanwhile: I think it can go till 7.5
WE WILL WATCH EL DORADO? WOOOHOO
Or The Warriors? :)
Hmm... Dr. Strangelove - A or B film?
2 girls 1 cup hmmm a or b?
I got... 300 for A, Labyrinth for B
cachi01: um. x
I mean, I suppose it's a "cult classic", but I'm not even completely certain what that means.
cachi01: X movie lol
lol
The first MLP film, A or B?
StinkomanFan: Clear B.
b
c
Kammerjunk i heard supernatural might be doing a slenderman episode
d
3
hen3ry: It's not that bad.
f
efg?
alexxm: DAFUQ FOR REAL?
c for childrens. Cause enslaving ponies and eternal darnkess is totally for kids
i fell asleep XD
SHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET LOL when!?
I HAVE AN IDEA
hey everypony
cachi01 i heard they were conserding it for the next season
StinkomanFan: I mean, it has a critic rating of 5.5, and it's not a Hollywood production.
WHAT IF WE STREAM MARBLE HORNETS
hey Elondras hows your day been
alexxm: That'd be pretty neat.
But seriously, though, is Dr. Strangelove an A film?
and what is marble hornets ?
Quick_Thinker: Slenderman?
StinkomanFan vote it for movie night
alexxm: awesome now i have a reason to watch it
Chicken.
hey alexxm pretty good how was your's?
I can only imagine the fear that'd flow from the orifices of our society
Quick_Thinker: A Slenderman based series on youtube.
stream?
Marble Hornets isn't that scary.
Quick_Thinker you ever heard of the slenderman
THE NIGHTMARES THAT WOULD BREAK THROUGH OUR PSCYCHE
slender man eh well im not looking forward to that
I look forward to the nightmares... Is that wierd?
Slenderman? fake.
It's much scarier if you live near some woods
cachi01 if they do do the slenderman episode on supernatural do you think he should be some multi episode type monster
yep
Balloon Party After Party is out, guys!
and they MUST have some easter eggs
StinkomanFan i have a private forest in my garden :I
like he hidden in some parts of the episode
Majestic_Sparkler: narnia?
http://balloonparty.bandcamp.com/album/after-party
DOWNLOADING
Majestic_Sparkler, you ever find a human ear in there?
Cachi01 What?
StinkomanFan xD
cachi01 yeah and then say somewhere near the season finale he makes himself known to the hunters
bonjour.
RAWRity Thought you were otakon just then.
AttackPony: Thanks for music :D
I'm waiting for the day that Lost Tapes airs an episode of Marble Hornets as a joke
hey RAWRity hows your daybeen
/me glomps RAWRity
Majestic_Sparkler: You're welcome. Someone posted it on the South Carolina Brony group on FB
*Yawn* See you all later. Since nopony wants to talk to me. -_-
Hey everypony!
Lol, Facebook
/me glomps AJThMightyGamer
So, since Deadman Wonderland is currently on break on Toonami, I decided to look up and read the manga.
AJThMightyGamer: hey
Bye MASF123
Got to the latest chapter.
(glompd Bronysith back)
Hello
"Oh wow, this is really interesting. Can't wait for the next chapter to co-"
yar har
fiddle dee
"This manga is currently on indefinite hiatus"
being a brony is ok to be
"FFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU"
aww...
RAWRity: i snapped it
Harro Rain
do what you want cause a brony is free
RAWRity*
yep
YOU ARE A BRONY
cachi01: YAR
random ping actually meant for me!? :o
cachi01 what sort of easter eggs?
so, no stream right now
...nope..
it was for RAWR...
/me runs to the bomb shelter
._.
BRB EVERYPONY goinbg to the july 4th party
oh ok
xD
/me walks away
alexxm: u know slenderman behind a tree and stuff like that
ILL BRING BACK BOOZE, FOOD ETC
have fun Bronysith
As if waiting for Claymore every month wasn't torturous enough, I not have to wait who knows how long to find out what the fuck's gonna happen to Shiro.
/me hugs Rain.
hey AJThMightyGamer hows your day been
Meanwhile: how is that possible?
oh, its been good
alexxm: or someone reading a newspaper and a story called children dissapering and a photo of a uxedo
tuxedo
I mean hey Rain whats up? and stuff.. ._.
Bronysith: Dunno, but I'm soggy. Hand me a towel.
cachi01 sounds cool wonder how they'd work proxies into it
Meanwhile: i thought your moustache could do that
/me gives Meanwhile a towel
BYE ALL BE BACK SOON
bye Bronysith
Later Bronysith
bye Bronysith
cya Bronysith
bye Bronysith
later Bronysith
bye Bronysith°
all of the pings
So... now what
Party time?
ooh, I just got the newsletter
FFFFFF WELOVEFINE ISN'T WORKING
Welp. I'm having a good 4th of July :)
anypony who calls themselfs a brony must watch all of ballard of the brony on utube by
/me waves
Home alone with no pony else :)
saberspark
6_9
Ponies47: There are things in the shadows.
Stupid mangaka getting pregnant.
Ponies47: Jelly .(
I think: http://bronies.memebase.com/2012/05/04/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-the-difference/ sums up if you are a brony
well crap.
I think it's safe to say that everyone here is a brony
yep
cachi01 perhaps have some other hunter they run into one episode talk about some old case he worked on where children were going missing and he couldn't find anything on it apart from people saying they only saw a man in a suit
Yep. Home alnoe, no other poneis, dad and brother are at a baseball game so I'm happy :)
*alone
*ponies
whaite.. hoo dat grey pone
alexxm: that would be awesome
6_9
anypony who calls themselfs a brony must watch all of ballard of the brony on utube by saber spark
aw... but I have not yet
That video?
Its an hour long
And it talks about G3
>.<
I've watched it
yes ballard of the brony by saberspark
I don't know. I say if you ask the question "Am I a brony?" then you probably are
twas a good video
I've wached half of it
then ponies47 u r a true brony
I was planing to watch it, but i have had the time
U MUST WATCH ALL
If you guys like it then I'm definitely fucking not watching it
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6la2kDfI21qjhttjo1_500.jpg :D
than make time
ok
Sure some scale to 'watching every episode' or 'consistingly visiting pony sites'
prince-lemon: Okie doki loki :P
I just say if you like the show, you're a brony
yep
cachi01 say have the guy mention that serveral episodes before they even find out about the slenderman being real
/me Is listening to My Little Can Can
than prince lemon u are not a brony till u wach all of it
:o
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/hysgpn5hzkg6opekgbgesg2.jpg
6_9
I watched Ballad of a Brony, but I think its good for Bronie and Non-Bronys alike
Technically I was a trekky, even though I never going past just watching the show
(continues typing his post commentary script)
dari: What're they talkin' about?
Very true Lil_B
RAWRity: I can do that...;)
I dunno
chat derped back soon
o crap
Sorry. I'm to the point of not knowing all the pokemon. It isn't the same for me anymore.
i think im going balled
Any chance we could have some 10th doctor streamed?
http://chzpokememes.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/12ohyarjmeqvfwwo3otggq2.jpg
huh. So Zero Punctuation chose to review that game?
It tells Non-Bronys where the fandom comes from, and it shows Bronys that Lauren wasn't the only Person who made it great 8and it shows that G1 and 2 aren't that bad)
i wonder what happens if andrew wk and pinkie pie host a party
dont ask or complain he will stop the vids and bann u
For all the awesome people out there
Gen 1
<3
Hey FlareChaser, I googled Flare Chaser, and I saw some of my art appear
lol. Not in order, prince.
Google.
goooooogggllllez
cleverbot
who even plays pokemon anymore
I do
:3
I've still got my pokemon blue
a lot of people, especially in Japan
i do sometimes
That's a neat link. I remember when I used to have one of the pokedex's that they sold
I don't quite know what happened to it
i still got my pokemans but im trying to sell them
I might now the names of all 151 (and Missingno XD) but I can't put them into order :/
I have my old gameboy here around somewhere, but I'm not really using it
After that, I lost out. I got tired of seeing a new mobile unit every year or so
pokemon was only cool in the third grade
Not planning to sell it either
POKEY MAN
WITH THE POKEY AND THE MAN
I think I can remember all the pokemon up to the end of the Jhoto dex
AND THE GUY COMES OUT OF THE THING
How does Ash get Pikachu on the bus?
Pokemon
AND THE AG AG AG
hahahah. You beat me Jim
Jim I had one ofthese old ones too, but it broke and back then I didn't had the knowsledge to repair it :(
Everypony Polkamon!
gtg. Bye everypony
hi every pony
bye Canadian_Brony
I was busy looking up Extra Creditz and Zero Punctuation new videos
I can only remember certain ones from gen 1
whts goin on
No, no I can't.
Are anyone going to stream today?
I can remember a whol lot of them
But not in order
StinkomanFan!
epic vid -There's a Pony For That HQ Version
Cadence!
so guys, who is willing to bet timstr thinks he is banned
good i guess i slept in by acceident
What's the name of the video?
well i can anser that
hmm
hi Ponies47
timstr is my neighbor
John DeLacey is getting around alot lately
:)
hows your day been
indeeed
he is beside me now
I',
I'M
DEAUGHHG IM A POKEMON FAN SINCE THE BEGGINING OF THE SERIES AND PIKACHU IS THE STRONGEST AND THOSE GAMES ARE A TOTAL RIPOFF DEAUGHHG
My stream is dead is that normal?
typical 9 year old kid in my city
GUISE, I think Celestia is Gary Oak http://derpy.me/Zd84N
cachi01: calm :P
happy 4th of july
Comedy Puzzle + Portal creators + Q! = TAKE MY FUCKING MONEY! :p
cachi01 i was thinking perhaps slenderman would be one of the things they can't find a weakness for so they scare it off per say and the episode ends with a shot from the back of a man in a suit watch them driving away in the imparala and then tentacles out the guys back
Ponies47: Wish it was me :( each time im alone i sing mlp songs out loud.
hay prince dari timstr is my neighbor is standing beside me. he told me to tell u ur a :[ cuz u banned him
how come no ones streaming
alexxm: and after that theres is just a black screen and no sound for 10 seconds and suddenly........... NOW GIVE ME 20 DOLLARS
You can tell him
I didn't ban him, he's a retard
Lots of love
ok trol
Didn't ban who? :P
oh slender man, you so silly
cachi01 that would make a nice in joke
timstr
I wasn't paying attention.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NKfSnX05rL4&feature=g-u-u
Oh, okay.
Majestic_Sparkler: I watch poneis no matter what. My dad still desn't know I'm at his home right now my mom doesn't mind at all infact she LIKES the fact that I'm watching MLP and my brother he HATES MLP. But he has never watched the show. -_-
*ponies
alexxm: yeah but i think if they do a slenderman episode someone or a shitton of people will die
alexxm: there will be no end for it unless they alter the creepypasta
"Fucking IRC, how does it work?" - timstr
^
trol timstr told me he will chane his name!
Magic
cachi01 i know perhaps have it as a once a season villian that has the most terryfing episode of the season
Ponies47: glad i dont have a brother. Same with my mother. In fact shes a brony 2 XD. My dad isnt aware im watching it.
magnets
hen3ry how do they work
Newfoals can't joinforce.
Ahahahaha Meanwhile
magnets use IRC. IRC use magnets. Very simple
but how does they work?
54% downloaded!
FUCK I LOLED SO HARD AT THIS XDD http://bronies.memebase.com/2012/07/03/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-the-roof-is-on-fire/
the magic of friendship, I think.
LOL
prince dari timstr want to know y u kick him
i wish i went to bronycon
Magnetism works by useing photons to carry electron imbalacnes between two atoms. Duh, what are you people? uneducateD?
08,01greetings from a Raspberry Pi board
CRUSH KILL DESTROY SWAG CRUSH KILL DESTROY SWAG!
photons? Are you kuh-razy?
http://penny-arcade.com/patv/episode/the-heros-journey-part-1 heh. And we just streamed Eva here too
cachi01: haha nice one
08,01hang on, i'll do this better
AJThMightyGamer: bronypalooza looked amazing
no, I'm educated hen3ry
Magnets = magic :)
Majestic_Sparkler: My brothee hates everything but video games and a few other things. I'm not sure if I should tell my dad or not. But the thing is whe nI get pony shirts I'm gonna be wearing them out in public. Most of the time when I'm at theme parks and my dad is the only one who takes me. :$
anon3mous324: Make sure he gets this, it will explain everything http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W3abMUH_P1E
Dusky|Asleep|hpy4th: Hmm. What do you know about time cubes?
cachi01: yyes it did
*yes
dari: Knew what that was before I even clicked it.
It was just a joke kick anon3mous324
cachi01: So funny lolol
timstr is going crazy!!!
trolololololol
.-.
Why? He's not banned, all he has to do is rejoin
>Is now
void timstr (char *bhurt, int sanitycheck)
Silly.
trol i havnt told him yet
He's always been it.
Ponies47: xD yea i kinda want him to be fine with it 2 so i can spend all my cash on pony related merch. Also i really want to go to brony meetups and he will be driving me there of course so yea... have to come clean with it at some point.
Implying he hasn't always been best troll.
http://bronies.memebase.com/2012/07/03/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-what-do-you-think-will-happen/ I'll have to keep this link ... uh, hoof-ey?
Hey all
hi Randomnerd
http://bronies.memebase.com/2012/07/02/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-she-said-nopony/ dat spike
hey Randomnerd hows your day been
NOPONY I SAID NOPONY BREAAAAAAAAAAAAAKS A PINKIE PROMISE damn i love pinkie guy
flutter_spin: Favoriting
hullo from a Raspberry Pi board for realsies now!
not even over SSH!
hang on
hai Randomnerd
8,1that's better
timstr is going to change his name
Vordox are you here?
Happy Independence Day to the citizens of the US, Venezuela, and Argentina
hen3ry, just for you and yoru magnetically challenged species http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy6kba3A8vY
Lil_B: eyup?
So anon3mous324
hi Randomned
8,1so how is everypony?
yes
Vordox I have 2 questions
If you're his neighbour, how are you talking to him?
doing fine
good
oh boy.
HAVE SOMETHING AMAZIN non pony related
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hLU1GfIIGLE
Here we go...
he is in my house he stormed ovr after he thought u banned him
Majestic_Sparkler: Same. I really want to go to a bronycon the closest one to me is Canterlot Gardens which is in Ohio in September. Problem I'm 14 I can't drive and I live in Wisconsin -_-
And a big thank you to Edmund Burke and the Marquis Du Lafayette.
8,1awesome, flutter_spin
dari: Yelling out the window? Using a string attached to a plastic cup?
Ponies47: Ouch. :(
Oh right, he has keys to your house?
8,1i just got the raspberry pi talking to a lego mindstorms nxt using python
8,1that was fun
The 80s strong in me!
Vordox 1) where do you upload Images when you just want to quickly sow them to someone (like imigur or whatever the sites name is)
Lil_B: Yeah?
no i opened the door
/me 8,1hugs AttackPony
imgur Lil_B
Lil_B: I recommend Imageshack,been using it for ...what, 10 year snow
Randomnerd: Yeah. Wisconsin needs to get a bronycon started up -_-
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH IM TIRED STILL
8,1anyhoos, i should go now and do some *actual* work
8,1see you all!
Shhh, chat is sleeping.
I will be at the next BronyCon. I will not forgive myself for missing this one.
I hope I've helped make you smarterer hen3ry :3
So are you a brony then anon3mous324?
not anymore
I know this is probably a silly question but... does Texas have any brony con stuff?
oh hay yes
Dusky|Asleep|hpy4th: Actually I think I have brain damage now.
AJThMightyGamer: I think they could support it.
/me shrugs at hen3ry
Am I the only one who thinks the Bronycon Fire was an Arson attempt?
Randomnerd: oh boy
Vordox ok :) the second is if you want to see the WIP of your OC drawn by me (I was rather bored today and I stumbled upon your OC)
StinkomanFan: Yes.
anypony knows if My Little Portal already released?
harumph
By the way, can you ask timstr how our little arrangement is coming together anon3mous324?
Oh awe...wait..how did you get ahold of my OC?
ok i will keep that in mind
I'm lucky, I live in NY, so I have Bronies NYC to handle all that.
Lol..
Vordox you showed it to me once
yes he is pissed
Nope
Randomnerd: Yes he did. That might not be such a bad idea. Yeah but like there gonna listen to a 14 year old like me -_-
wut?
He thinks being kicked from IRC means he's banned
or a 15 year old like me...
I don't think he'll ever understand hosts
whoa whoa whoa whoa ... John Delance did Quantum Conundrum?
16 Year old like me
Lil_B: Weird that you saved it XD But thanks!
Now I HAVE to get the game!
Would you be able to start a "Meetup" on meetup.com?
I can't wait for you to try and draw him. :)
Vordox me never forgets something (exept names, dates, procedure, phone nmbers and all things that are actually important in life...)
14 year old like me
No, I mean when we were going to meet up
Know the feel Bro. /)
I arranged it with him earlier
again....wut?
DISCORD
Have some AWESOME cello staring our Octavia. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wjqRWaVLaU&feature=autoplay&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ&playnext=1
Vordox (\
THAT EXPLAINS ALL OF YAHTZEE'S COMPLAINTS
Just smile and wave.
but i dont want to
I'm wondering if I could take the train out to Ohio or somthing and get a hotel stay for the whole weekend and go to all 3 days of Canterlot Gardens
All things considered, that might be the best place to start... check on meet-up if there's a brony group in your area already.
he said that when he thought he was banned he went nuts and his mom said no more computer today
StinkomanFan: what did he say this time? -__-
o.o
StinkomanFan: Or the fact that his complaints are legit.
anon3mous324: Someone needs a dose of patience
Shamroc timstr is anon3 yadda yadda new foal does not know nothing about irc
LOLOLOLOOLOL http://bronies.memebase.com/2012/06/29/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-regular-trollestia/
MadSurge, that the physics are all wonky
oh...makes sense
think he can troll dari by changing nick etc
I keep forgetting you don't live in Queens, StinkomanFan -__-
Celestia just looks so epic there cachi01
Morning all
Hey, APS
Vordox the problem is that i still suck at Hair (not to mention the closeth) and its not like my previous projects, this time its more Desktop Pony-like
Newfoals can't soonforce.
hi APS
i want to draw... i can't feel my arms cause i went to the gym.. /Firstworldproblems
...yep
APS: Y U N O
StinkomanFan: yeah, physics are wonky in a game with time freezing, who would have thought
Although, Quantom Physics do state that once something is watched it will change the outcome...
You get your internet from comcast anon3mous324?
Lil_B: Desktop Pony like?!
http://bronies.memebase.com/2012/06/29/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-im-having-a-dawww-attack/ no really click the link if u want daws now click it or else u will die
y do u wanna know
Lil_B: Whoa, good luck on that, it's hard for alot of people
Just had a feeling that you do
Vordox I'll just upload the version i have so far and let you judge :)
evening, APS
ok
brb guys, gonna go shower
Therefore... If Yahtzee had played that game without WATCHING it, than it's have a different outcome!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhRnWMBcNQQ&feature=related i demand a horror movie about this guy
92% complete
Mmm, dinner is almost ready (and at a sane hour for the first time in aeons). Pulled pork for the meat eaters and cilantro-lime marinated portabella mushroom caps for the veggies. <3
QUICK, WE NEED TO STREAM THIS
Ohai APS :p
Unnr: That sounds delicious
So do you and timstr share internet then anon3mous324?
dari: You should stream more Heroes instead of poking Newfoals. :P
no
You show me your work I'll show you mine. =3 Still also WIP
Mebbe Meanwhile
/me BRUSHIE's Meanwhile's moustache and runs away quickly in fear
>Stream's down
>Drink Piss
dont ask he will bann
/me twiddles his moustache.
...
.....i need a beard
You sure anon3mous324? Looks to me like you both use the same internet, even coming from the same address and house
/me hides behind a rock and waits
I want a beard..
then I can be a wizard..
know what I hate?
well than ur internet sucks cuz he is my neighbor
People.
anon3mous324: That's not exactly nice wordings there.
You must sap Wi-fi from him than
oh god this is funny
Or vice-versa
the fact that you guys have been showing clips for today... and all of a sudden I go to the bank needing money
wut ?
well his house is right next to mine so, it may be
dari trollin the newfoal..
anon3mous324, hmm this is odd, you have exactly the same IP address as timstr though, which tends to mean you're using the same internet connection
Can you check port?
Also, same IP means same computer?
his internet sucks so sometimes he will use mine with permissian tho
I thought all IP were unique.
Vordox most of the times yes
13same IP means same border gateway
13nothing more
Oh
well then anon3mous324 You may have been in a scam
Internet scamming is normal
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhRnWMBcNQQ&feature=related whoever played the clown needs to be in a horror movie
13even MAC addresses aren't unique
ohai Shizuka
13although MAC and IP addresses are required to be unique within the same broadcast domain
no i sometimes let him today is one time
Ahh, he uses your internet
sometimes
Be glad your pal wasn't IP banned
that's always fun
To be fair, when IPv6 is fully rolled out, the spec calls for linking addresses to MAC addresses, so things are going to be resolved a little more finely...
^
true
what happened to anon3mous324???????????
Hmm
All dem ???'s
I call shenanigans
y u want me to tell him something
FlareChaser: like these?????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
anon3mous324, have you ever been diagnosed with Multiple Personality Syndrome before?
You want to watch out anon3mous324, my servers are picking up some dodgy downloads that timstr seems to have been using your internet for http://i.imgur.com/lyAKY.gif
What's the deal with IPv6 anyway. Is it supposed to be fully rolled out or what?
Now my good sir, all these ?'s have been too much.
You could get in some serious trouble for that
no
WHOA
FUCK
I see a pirate!
DAT PIRATE
that download list
/me is a pirate.
Lolwut
anon3mous324: Downloading a car is illegal
^^
you could go to joil
not jail
u r a pirate
just joil
Holy shit
YER A PIRATE HARRY
You wouldn't steal a car.
That could get you some serious jail time
You wouldn't download a kebab
haaaaaaaayyyyyyyyy
Car piracy?
But copying is not theft. He's only copying the car, not stealing it.
dant
FlareChaser: thats the joke..
*dang
Heya everypony, I forgot to open up this channel...again.
Meanwhile i could i would i can't
you wouldn't download a prostitute, would yo... oh wait, forgot who I was talking to.
hai EggWhite
Shamroc: Oh, haha...ha...ha...
Hey, anon3mous324?
damn, dude. A car? Is he out his f(yay)cking mind?
FlareChaser: ohayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Ohay guurl
Hey Jim how are you?
u made those downloads he HATES startrack
YOU WOULDN'T KILL A POLICEMAN
anon3mous324: Then he's a twat.
>doesnt spell startek right
AND THEN TAKE A DUMP IN HIS HAT
*startrek
Meanwhile: indeed...
So timstr uses your internet then anon3mous324?
he is only 10
im back
oh the irony
anon3mous324: Yeah, clearly you can see he's canceled those downloads
StinkomanFan: And then, send it to the policeman's greaving widow!
THEN MAIL IT TO HIS GRIEVING WIDOW
who wants to see something creepy
THEN STEAL IT BACK
me
grieving* Spelling is silly.
/me is ignoring whats happening in the background
StinkomanFan: I remember what show that came from but forgot the name. Isn't it some British improv called IT something?
:3
AttackPony: The IT Crowd
anon3mous324? timstr definitely uses your internet?
Unnr: I love that show.
IDK, I saw it in a GMod video
I would totally download burgers illegally if I could.
me too
no burger like a copyburger
I have to admit, I am glad to see a newsletter this week. ^^
well he is an idiot,
/me hasn't watched The IT Crowd in a while....
Kammerjunk: Now I want BURGERS!
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: YOU BROKE THE RULES. EVERYONE'S GONNA BE MAD.
/me burger rains
Piracy, IMAGINE YOUR CAR IS STOLEN
Jim: You're welcome.
anon3mous324: You shouldn't pirate bro its just not kool. It's stealing. And for that matter it just shows that you dont really support the creators of whatever it is your pirating. And if you pirate enough i'm pretty sure they can trace you.
BUT IT'S THERE IN THE MORNING
wasnt timstr the douchebag of yesterday??????
StinkomanFan: BUT IT'S TH-
/me is mad at TheGreatAndPowerfulT
So anon3mous324, if timstr thought he was banned, and he uses your internet
oh
NYAH!
Why did he go over to your house to have you come on and talk to me
On the same internet he thought was banned?
timstr is a 10 year old pirate who uses others internets. case closed
^^
I am seriously confused right now.
you're having way too much fun with this, Prince.
YOU BROKE THE RULES, YOU BROKE THE RULES, YOU BROKE THE RULES EVERYTHING IS RUINED.
cuz he wanted me to tell u how angry he was
sorry caps lock
I r confuzzled
I didn't break the rules D:
Kammerjunk: hush...everthing will be made clear in a few moments
anon3mous324: why is he angry?
Shamroc: But I'm so confussled! D:
he thought he was banned
confuzzled*
But if he thought he was banned and uses your internet
i hate clowns
Kammerjunk: just smile and nod. it will keep you sane
But anon3mous324, Spiderman.mp4.
Shamroc: I'm laughing at this whole situation.
anon3mous324: well then hes an idiot
He wouldn think that you were banned to
too*
Unnr: Ha. Sane.
Good one.
it was creepy
Because you have the same internet as him
Nope
or that hes just a moron
yes
I'm just trapping him in his lies
For lulz
Yes.
/me head implodes due to confuzzling
oh all the lulz
but he totally came on anonymously this time, see the name
Words of wisdom right there.
Is it wrong that I think of Ed, Edd, n Eddy whenever I hear the word "Scam"
I can't stop laughing..
prince dari y do u even care
Why do I find this funny?
StinkomanFan: I liked that show.
So he thought you were both banned, but went over to your house anyway?
Dat BaconMane
GUYS powerpuff girls had 6 seasons
0,5wat?
ohai BaconMane
foster had 6 seasons
cachi01: So did Foster's home.
im so happy im getting minecraft this weekend
hi BaconMane
no he only thought he was banned
0,5I finished drawing my OC
And then when you did manage to connect, didn't realise that he wasn't banned too?
KND also
Because he uses the same internet as you
Nice!
cachi01: thats a nice thing you stole from memebase~
cachi01: Basically, every show Lauren did had 6 series.
BaconMane can i haz it ?
Will poni have 6 seasons?
MLP WILL HAVE 6 SEASONS
cachi01: implyin?
has anypony seen Scoot-Scootaloo? I need to slap him.
FlareChaser: indeed lol
We can only hope.
mlp better have 6 seasons
yes he is an idiot we eatablished that
He was around earlier Kipkat07_USAF, why?
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4719/
NIGHT OF THE FIRST SESSION
http://bronies.memebase.com/2012/06/23/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-four-more-seasons-to-go/
Isn't he reading what you're typing?
No, just cause other shows had 6 seasons doesn't mean that one show will, as I do hope for that, it won't happen.
Kipkat07_USAF: THATS OVER 9000!
0,5I can show you in a moment
no he went to the grocery store with his mom a couple min ago
Meanwhile: he read squidwards suicide yesterday and I pissed myself and am now paranoid
I lol'd.
0,5Dat Razyn
Kipkat07_USAF: Oh that all? Pfft.
Kipkat07_USAF: thx for reminding me DOUCHE
yay thats even better than 6 seasons
Kipkat07_USAF: lol jk
Kipkat07_USAF: ey squidward.
Oh right, tell him to get some more ham, I ate the last slice
trol ok
/me tackles and punches FlareChaser in the face
NO1
Dat BaconMane.
NO!
/me noms BaconMane
Someone doesn't like squidward~
0,5Hey guys I no longer have that alicorn OC
squidward suicides is fucking creepy
MEH SQUIDWARD?
FlareChaser: Im gonna kill you...
MEH SQUIDWARD?
Meanwhile: i thim Tmstrs mums a slag...do you agree?
BaconMane: lolalicorns.
Shamroc: Depends, what's a thim?
MEH SQUIDWARD?
BaconMane: is you mane edible?
Meanwhile: think....
MEH SQUIDWARD?
c
hows a alicorn made
StinkomanFan: AAAAAAAAAAH
oh buck it BaconMane now i haz to start over ...
hai
Shamroc: His mum is a slag.
hai u
BaconMane, that's a pretty cool story, bro.
/me tackles StinkomanFan and throws him at a wall
ohai to u too
Meanwhile: his mums a total slag..
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Oh....well crap.
BaconMane Dat is some hawt nsfw right there.
liek
Shamroc: 100% slag.
Slags...
supa hawt
/me ok?
Meanwhile: no no 120% slag
:O official plushies?
dafuq is slag?
yep
hen3ry lol
it just got 20% Slaggier.
whut
Shamroc: 20% slaggier than any other slag who slagged before.
smeg > slag
Slugs?
oi Gendo, yer mum's a slag
awww there tiny
Swag.
You see, when the three species of pony and a dragon, and a diamond dog, and a griffon and a wario love each other VEEEERRRRY much
Meanwhile: oh my god she is such a slag...its not even funny anymore....tmstr should be ashamed
hey Erock made a 4th of july meets metal
nice, BaconMane could you link that again? for some reason the link crashed my adobe
although, i do like
5 inch...
Shamroc: Tragic thing really.
HORY SHET DAT BACONMANE
Hey losthero, do you happen to be neighbours with timstr, and anon3mous324?
Meanwhile: indeed
so are we playing dumb?
My pissed.
Guess not lol
Lol dari.
Am I the only one seeing that the video is buffering constantly?
Chat derp back
oh and it begins once more
timstr was a douche
timstr's a slag.
Slugs.
no i am anin3mous i wanted to change my name so it sounded cooler
lol
Slags...Slugs..
So wait timstr get banned?
losthero: well then...you look
he didnt
losthero, ever heard of the /nick command?
nah just kicked
soooooo much cooler /sarcasm
lol
but there's le butthurt about it
Can someone help me?
Oh, sweet man, that is a cool name. I'm pretty jealous.
Im mad. my aunt and uncle is making me keep their smelly dog that craps everywhere and tries to eat my two cats.
the three species of pony the dragon, the diamond dog, the griffon and the wario preform a Fusion dance.
hen3ry: Ah
Shamroc: were you being sarcastic about being sarcastic?
i bet
That's how an Alicorn is made
cachi01: nope..
I want to be losthero too
losthero is an hero.
>greentext
losthero is the hero BronyState deserves.
Oh mah gaaawd. losthero we literally know you're the same person, we've been mocking you. Dari will you stream heroes now?
Shamroc: damn it thagt sentence in omegle made a guy head explode
debug: but hes lost...how can he be a hero if hes lost
Deceptive_Cadence: losthero = sumerpan?
sometimes heros lose
sometimes evil wins, because good is dumb.
no
:O
Wait, losthero is timstr?
OH MY GOD
IT ALL MAKES SENSE NOW
and sometimes evil is really, really stupid.
no
OHHHH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
/me is confuzzled
MY LIFE IS A LIE
AAAAAAAH!
A LIE I TELL YOU
trol
lol
WHY!?
do you need a tissue, dari?
/me is no longer confuzzled
NILBOG IS GOBLIN BACKWARDS
:D
blegh
SOYLENT GREEN IS PEOPLE
dat u
And I thought you went out to get more ham timstr
;____;
i hate being trolled
rosebud was his sled!
SNAPE KILLS DUMBLEDORE
it took u that long and im really 15 dude i cant belive u let me trol u 4 that long
MR L IS LUIGI!
we knew the whole time, losthero. :\
/me kills StinkomanFan NO SPOILERS lolol :D
omfg losthero your a complete retard
StinkomanFan: WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
Shamroc: you're*
losthero: hi there douche
Damn..
HARRY'S A WIZARD
yep its true im a retard its my job
0,5Ill ba back later guise
0,5Bai
Meanwhile....i will kill you
LE GASP
/me Dances LIKE A BOSS
no kidding losthero
BACONMANE NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
rofl... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ady5wUpIZDw&feature=player_embedded
Bai Baconmane
:O
losthero Oh really now? You were trolling?
Bye Bac...........
WHOOOAA
harrys a wizard :O
SHOOT :(
You done a fine job /sarcasm
troll not lest ye be trolled and not even realize it.
losthero: u are a retard???? woooow i didnt knew (please note my sarcasm)
well every pony i am going to bed now
WEVE ALL BEEN PLAYED BY THE GREAT TIMSTR GUYS
losthero: Pfft, you got dragged up and down the troll road this whole conversation.
The troll from the Harry Potter movie did a better job than you.
Nighty night RainBo........
SHOOT! :(
/me is no longer confuzzld
MadSurge: Ooooh, I know this one! <voice crack>
OHHH... I GET IT!!!
/me :
ahhhh
We must set up an anti-troll barrier!
naw
who was this timstr anyway
c: i suggest you change your name
The Pyro is a- OH GOD FIRE
A wild SaxyPretender appeared!
better?
alexxm: a douche that was complaining about everything
u: nope.
Ragequit ?
o.o
alexxm: a dingbat.
ur fac
Anyway
That was fun
XD
0,14what the heck is going on?
nah he'll be back unless +b'd
u: change it to something that has 3 or more letters~
dari I have it all.
The whole thing
in a word doc
:3
Und dann SaxyPretender missed everything
cachi01 ok you want to see something creapy i found
XD
alexxm: The cause of one of the funniest chatlogs in BronyState, that's who.
SaxyPretender: Got trolled
SaxyPretender: SPYYYY
SaxyPretender: I have no flipping idea! 6_9
hai everypony! :3
alexxm: YES
SaxyPretender: ...stuff went down.
/me falls out of air vent looking confused, and slightly drunk
Nah
Hey Spell-of-Gaming!
SaxyPretender: STREAM
Oh hello, IMissOsamaBrony
0,14oh wait
0,14he's back
its gonna be a clown
welcome back, mr cool. *snicker*
Here he comes
SaxyPretender who is back ?
cachi01 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IhRnWMBcNQQ&feature=related
Oh boy here we go again.jpg
lol
dis gun be gud
Here I go again on my own
hey Spell-of-Gaming hows your day been
/me doesn't get it
cachi01 its a clown
Newfoals can't IPforce.
0,14XD
goin down the only road i ever known!
/me prepares his riot sheild and M16A4
AttackPony who are you
Anyone want a free app for the iPad/iPhone?
alexxm: lol dat wwe
Spell-of-Gaming does it come with a free ipad ?
IMissOsamaBrony: I also go by AttackWithHugs. I switch between
cachi01 watch it is actually preaty creepy
I demand two free ipod nanos.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4878/
/me hugs AttackPony
/me wanders around theature, smelling of 110 proof oats
alexxm: im watching it and im laughin lol
/me hugs alexxm
i had a dream i was chased by a floating clown head
alexxm: he owning people
Glitch, sorry, it doesn't :c
yep cachi01
or maybe its a nightmare
I never dream anymore :(
AttackPony wheeellll you look like you need some oats
EVER :(
/me sits with his riot sheild and M16A4 in a corner
thts off of billy and mandy
IMissOsamaBrony: No thanks :D
BILLY AND MANDY
O_O
OH GOD YES
I'm downloading Scribblenauts Remix right now. Holycrapdjfu
AFDSFFSDLDFKEFIRUBBVVJCMEMORIESSS
/me corner camps
vampires dont suck blood they bite and lick like this BLARABLRABLRABLRABLAR
...yeah
cachi01: Wow, I missed something interesting! ;)
cachi01: dat Bill and Mandy joke :D
/me wonders if she's truly lost all of her sanity
Back again.
Ok this is getting weird :S
/me walks over to Kipkat07_USAF and throws throwing knife under his riot sheld, killing him
AttackPony: sanity is relative :-)
WB Randomnerd
AttackPony: don't be silly. you never had any. xD
i miss that show
/me puts a chicken on Ponies47's head.
compared to an insane person, I'm quite sane
What's wrong with this chat today .__.
Introducing the new Spaghetti-hair pony plushies! http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-72SNJupGlxg/T_Siko6DxJI/AAAAAAAAvHI/tLzOwigluPY/s1600/photo.JPG
/me catches the knife and puts ten 7.62 rounds in IMissOsamaBrony's head
FlareChaser: Why you give me Scootaloo?
AttackPony: We kinda blew the curve regarding sanity...
Because.
/me then stumbles back into his air vent and passes out
I can.
twilight_sprinkle: look like G3 for me
The amount of /me in this window is too damn high.
I swear I had less before I moved into Bronystate. This confirms it. I DON'T FEEL LIKE AN OUTCAST!
In this group, you're probably doing great!
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/21402779.jpg
Meanwhile: No such thing
bye every pony
cachi01: yeah a bit i guess. these are better than the old hasbro ones, but the hair is kinda meh
ViVi *Glomps*
AttackPony: The rules disagree. :P
RX-78-SweetieBot: the ammount of ammount in that ammount is too damn high
so cachi01 what did you think
Oy
Meanwhile: Everything is too damn high
mods
I DEMANDS PONIES
alexxm: it was funny imo
/me runs off.
SHOOT!
I disagree. I'm not nearly high enough.
AttackPony smurfs ?
because I got high
Glitch: Nope
/me throws a cinderblock at Vordox's head.
I was going to go poni today
but then I got high
cachi01 what did you think was funny about it
/me hears the impact
i was gonna watch some fireworks, but then i got high...
/me head goes CLONK on the impact and falls flat on the ground.
0,14...
alexxm: he pwning everyone lol
i was gonna see some sh..uff get blown to he...ck, but then I got high..
/me Pulls out pipe, Puts pipe in mouth, Starts blowing bubbles all around the chat
0,14do I have to clean that up?
oh boy
alexxm: and how he looks into the camera
Hey, since it's 4th of July and all, here's a litle something: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I6VO65xBDLw&feature=related
Janitor time
STREAM!
yep cachi01 but those stares creeped me out to be honest
now colorado's on fire, and i know why... wait, no i don't
STREAAAAAAAAAAM
STRM
It's more like a crack, since it was a CINDERBLOCK
a dedication!
who streaming?
Lol
XD
aww
x3
Hahaha
...
:D
dat car
I love you dari
he doenloaded...
Oh dear...
oh god the internet police
a car?
See.
He...llo....what is going on?
Fuck you! You bet I'd download a car.
I lol'd.
We dun goofed.
dari, do you have the parody of this from The IT Crowd?
I totally would steal a car, if it was cool enough
Oh god I'm laughing too hard~
hai kirzstryfe
/me a bottle suddenly flys out of my air vent and hits Ponies47 in the head
It's been a while since I've seen this. :D
Wth is this?
AttackPony: Yep
It's in a related video
boooshit
This is the warning we get in the UK when we watch movies.
I WOULD DOWNLOAD A CAR.
I lol'd.
Show it please?
Readin a fic while suddenly Scoot starts talking. I jumped several feet from my chair.
/me is a pirate.
DOWNLOADING IS NOT STEALING, IT IS COPYING FFS
YOU ARE A PIRATE
Meanwhile: We get them here too
Yar har.
screw that shit PIRATE BAY HERE I COME
hen3ry: Actually, car theft is becoming more and more of a "geek" profession as cars become increasingly electronic.
AWW YEAH
You know why we pirate films? To avoid that video.
Ryunosuke: ah ive heard about that. is that legit yet?
inb4 shitstorm about pirating
Lol.
/me Eyes derp 'What happend? And why can't I see straight?'
YOINK
What is going on?
I'd like to point out, that if Soarin' is any indication, then Equestria is Canada....
i would do all these things
Kammerjunk: see, mom always said us geeks would be the kings of the world.
I WANT A BABY
I'd steal that helmet
yes I would
I would
Do you belive in magic in a young girls heart!
xDDDDDD
i want that hat
no wait, not anymore
I would do all of that
LOL
wat?
lol
/me falls laughing too much and dies
hahaha
:D
Yeah I WOULD
DAFUQ XD
And then steal it again!
lol
Wouldnt steal? :) Commercial, you're assuming an aweful lot
xDDDDDDd
LOL
DED :D
Amazing
WIN
HALLO!!!
oh god
hen3ry: For example, some researchers have managed to take full control of a car via the music system.
Fawck yeah
GOTTA BREED EM ALL
/me is dead
Gotta breed them all
Oh no
Well my head is intact
brock is best pervet
Wat.
I WANNA BE THE VERY BEST
brock is best
DO DO DO DOOO
Er....
Kammerjunk: wat?? Seriously? Gotta learn to do it
La la la
O__O
THE G-SPOT
Brock is best shipper
lets put it this way, if dl'ing is illegal, and streaming is illegal, then by nature, Bronystate is also illegal :)
curses
INSIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIDE
Wat.
OLOLO)L
\LOLOL
LOL
Heck yeah Chemistry!
xd
This song is so creepy.
LOL
Brock Obama
LOL
Boom, no more childhood.
he was studying animal husbandry, until they... caught him at it one day.
lolwut:D
RyunosukeKnT: I don't wanna be right!
das a lot of Lol
Guys. My eyes are still derped. How d oI fix em? I got hit in the head by somthing and now my eyes are derped 6_9
you touch me and i touch you xd
/me laugs too hard and his stomach explodes
sexy
Ponies are the most important thing!
/me is still on the ground, dead
That should totaly be a show
Wait was Molestia in the related bids?
its all canon as well
Raep.
dat ID fail
D:
derp
WAHHHH
Ponies47: hit your head with the desk then wih a hammer then poop standing up
ash got raped
"Just you and me... Breeding."
Context is important.
inb4 frying pan => drying pan
Ponies47: 6_9 Why would you want to fix them?
JE-SUS
ouch... my childhood
Haven't been on much lately because of sleepiness.
/me ghosts comes up and goes towards AttackPony "Hai how you dying?"
Shut up and take my mony
Surprise buttsex!
7
6-7
Nowwhere
Kammerjunk: :D
I know, I know, that's actually the periodic tabl.
table*
Hirooo
NOOOOO NOT HEROES
Err...Don't remember
I have no IDEA!
I have no idea
HOWEVER: Courts HAVE said that P2P, streaming, etc ALSO = teh distribution and dissimination of information: Protected under 1st amendment in the US
Vordox: Laughed so hard at the "You wouldn't download a move" parody
I think we were on episode 7 or 8 and I waved to the dari yo holmes smell ya later.
What happens in 7 Dari?
LIKE MAH PONY ON TWEETER: @mlp_slytag
MadSurge: I agree. Hate heroes but I have found a wonderful new thing called Pause the stream ^_^
dat advertising
AttackPony|Ghost: Know the feel, homey.
Last thing we saw was....
much better
/me Shakes self off, Eyes return back to normal "Ah musch better" :)
The diner with the Flier
a cliffhanger
*much
FairysHuff: or mute it :D
Heroes? Imma run away...
Vordox|Ghost: And then the Pokemon song added to the fuel.
Vordox|Ghost: hiro being awesome and a cliffhanger
MadSurge: Exactly
Heros the Should about pretentious superpowered Winers
Now then we're is IMissOsamaBrony? -_-
heroes?
Vordox|Ghost: ooooooooooooh io see what u did there
AttackPony|Ghost: Dying by laughing isn't THAT bad.
Implying we aren't always cliffhaning.
AttackPony|Ghost: It's true though. I wouldn't steal a movie.
*STREAM PAUSED*
I'd steal approximately 320.
cachi01: Slow ball. :P
Vordox|Ghost: xd
SUDDENLY NUDENESS
Vordox|Ghost: Not really, unless you have asthma or can't breathe
AW YEAH
PG-13
bewbwebwbewbebwebebwbwbz
/me falls out of air vent waht Ponies47?
Hiroooo
hiroooo
HIROOOO
CHING CHONG DING DONG
Kammerjunk: I also wouldn't download a car. My computer would fucking come to life and hurt me lol
http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/21402779.jpg
...
Anyone online know how to work an IRC client? I wanna learn how to use it so I can stay in chat while gaming.
Still have this picture open
IMissOsamaBrony: There you are. Why ddi you throw somthing at my head? My eyes derped because of that? :(
FairysHuff: mIRC is best pony.
dd'aww
its gone
*did
From about 3 days ago
thats what I mean by its gone.
AttackPony|Ghost: What would I use a car for? I'd download practical stuff like gold or oil.
You know. Valuable stuff.
NEVER ENOUGH ROLEPLAY
NEVER
if its gone that means its gone obviously thats why I said it was gone.
Meanwhile: I don't know how to use it. Tried once but was too confusing.
lst time we killed mommy
StinkomanFan: ALWAYS
ALWAYS
tell em dari
Kammerjunk: Cars are valuable too, especially classics. the parts are hard to find and plus they're worth something.
Is The Land Before Time an A or B movie? And I mean the original, before it went all kiddy with songs.
Ponies47 cuz you were giving us second hand bubbles
AttackPony|Ghost: Fair 'nuff.
anyone here wants the RE6 Demo???
IMissOsamaBrony: Sorry :(
Cranberry_Scotch probably a
wut we watchin?
Dovah: heroes
cachi01: thanks
Cranberry_Scotch: i think its A
Okay
Cranberry_Scotch: i really enjoyed it when i was a kid
/me looks at her body on the ground, ignored
Mah boi
No homo
Cranberry_Scotch: i watched every time
ALL the homo
Pause.
Cool
/me climbs back into air vent
/me revives AttackPony|Ghost.
/me revives AttackPony|Ghost
Jim: If I said that, I'd get in trouble. :D
i can fly
INB4 ded
I LIVE!
Oh how nice AttackPony ....
/me passes out
And then he fell out the window and died.
tom cruise couldnt fly
/me goes to pony heaven.
/me revives Vordox|Ghost
Sumerpan NO!
GilDash: /me Jumps on you
DIE
inb4 fall to death
first he falls and dies, then the black guy dies from a heart attack
HE CANT DIE
/me hugs FairysHuff.
dat tom cruis
e
FairysHuff: Hello. :)
GilDash: Holla ^_^
Get dolla
this is his after-life dream
did he flied?
Ohai GilDash :)
He ded
I...live....shucks!
aww skeet skeet
/me hugs AttackPony
PREGO
GilDash: Chat seems lively today.
I wish SB was here... ._.
Ponies47: Holla! :)
/me hugs Vordox back
SHES PREGO
What about Thor?
**lik dis if u cry ever tim**
FairysHuff: Yeah, killerpony7733 is ingnoring me. :S
Heavy: Cry some moar!
GilDash: How come?
MEANWHILE IN TEXAS
SUCK MAH PONY PENI
StinkomanFan: yo,
AGAIN
Meanwhile in Australia.
wooo psp
FlareChaser: Yo.
Emo kills the world - Confirmed
dog is lame
ohai doggie
FairysHuff: I'm not sure. I'll assume he's just busy. :)
mr muggles plans everything
Meanwhile: I have totally forgotten that would ping you.
GilDash: More than likely.
GilDash: How are you?
FlareChaser: ohaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyy
ohaaaay guuurrl
....
dari that back and forth you had with that kid has been saved and uploaded now.
where you get dem shoos at?
Oh boy here we go.
Ahahaha XD
FairysHuff: Same old, same old. :)
SLUTTTTT
FairysHuff: How's your headaches? :(
Michael!! NYAH!!
she needs her fix
DashWithRainbows: pm link
Mirror staring.
ZEROS
Best game ever
So, her superpower is PMS-ing?
Hey mirror.
Yer mom's a slag.
Kipkat07_USAF do you want it with or without the skype discussion we had during it?
moop
your mums a slag
DashWithRainbows: without
Jim her powers schizophernia
alright, one sec
my mums a slag
Well that's a nice thought to have
GilDash: So so. I started taking my Amatryptoline again yesterday. Which has helped but having some weird sleep issues now. But still better than being in constant pain.
Mhm
"Yer a wizard Perry"
Great, she's cheating on him.
Just say that
FairysHuff mabe weed will help that?
/me hugs FairysHuff.
FairysHuff: I wish there was something I could do. :(
IMissOsamaBrony: I don't have any.
FairysHuff: Take it easy. :)
FairysHuff you should get some
FairysHuff sorry i don't know what to suggest
GilDash: There is. Come up here and cuddle me for real ^_^
Anyone still trying to order some stuff on WLF?
FairysHuff: If I wasn't so far away and so busy with a job, you know I would. :)
J. Jameson sketch
CountDoofus, eeyup
alexxm: No need to be sorry. Tis not your fault. Most people have some sort of health issues. No point in whining about it ^_^
Brb guys, cooking dinner
GilDash: I know ^_^ HUGS
I'm trying to reach the checkout page. So close, yet so far away...
J. Jameson?
poom ?
/me hugs FairysHuff.
HAPPY $th
....what
HAPPY 4TH
IMissOsamaBrony: I wouldn't trust anyone in my area to get me untainted weed.
/me hugd FairysHuff
StinkomanFan: head journalist guy from spiderman iirc
PICTURES
IT'S JULY! :[
Daily Bugle?
PICTURE EVERYWHERE
Oh god
Slenderman
Worst choice of person to sell a painting to, EVER
http://pastebin.com/mK0PQLxZ Now you can keep dari's excellance tonight in link form.
I WANT PICTURES
I NEED PICTURES. PICTURES OF SLENDERMAN
PICTURES OF HOT LADIES
alexxm: GilDash I'm trying to learn how to use mIRC right now. Then we can have a second room for us to chat minus the mane spam.
O u <:
I WANT DOLLARS
nope
20 DOLLARS
I WANT PONIES
20 POnIES! STAT
FairysHuff: I love the spam! :)
And throw in a bar of soap!
I WANT A GOOD TWI PLUSHIE
cachi01 you still happy about the slenderman episode of supernatural
I WANT A GOOD TWI PLUSHIE THAT DOESNT COST 200$
alexxm: eeyup :)
GilDash: Makes it hard for me to follow the chat ^_^
I'm imagining J Jonah Jameson arguing with Slendy of $20 now
I WANT A VINYL SCRATCH TEE
Did somepony ping me? I just derped. :$
oh yeah i forgot to tell you about that day alexxm and StinkomanFan
13http://i.imgur.com/bHFaW.gif a good day
13http://i.imgur.com/bHFaW.gif
Shizuka: dem hobbits.
i was alone in the car waiting for my mom and that day i was watching slenderman vids and all marble project vids
Shizuka: REDDIT?!! :D
Ahahaha Shizuka
Read mah MIND
Never watched Supernatural
Shizuka: I know. I was trying not to jump out of my chair at work when I read it. :D
I don't have cable
cachi01 i was thinking slenderman could be one the guys they can't kill and he's a once a season villian who has the scariest episode of season
in the car i was thinking about Slendy
Shizuka, that gif is brilliant.
Shizuka: I'd dance too
then suddenly a truck passes by playing the give me 20 dollars song
13acta: dead, higgs boson: found, idiot lawyer: defeated
Ants.
:3
and i shitted my pants
inb4 ded brother
cachi01: shat*
How do I add Bronystate to my mIRC server list?
Lyle.
:3
0,14Today was a good day, because no one had to use their AK
AttackPony|Cooking: whatever lol
13bronystate: here
13a good day
lol cachi01
Snap crackle pop.
Dem SFX
wat
cachi01, I had a dream about my neighbor dressing up as Slendy and breakin through my bedroom door
YAH nevah heard about avatar, punk
WTF BROTHER
now there's a prick brother
Then laughing about it
hey cachi01 Y U N O
Bro
ow
StinkomanFan: lol
hey Alicorn_Prince_Shane Y U N O
ewww
....
THEN DOING IT AGAIN
0,14neeeat
she couldve avoided showing him...
Haio Shizuka!
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4670/
wtf music?
wat was that?
atatatatatatata
13now to accomplish nothing in gmod
Heroes? ugh
and he says "oh shit now i can never defeat her!"
she would have been confincing if she would have used better facial expressions...like L.A.Noire
its that tun ka tun song
Shizuka: Which lawyer was defeated? I didn't here about that. :S
Sylar strikes again
:o
wow...
IMissOsamaBrony: why dafuq is diabetes a tag on that pic?????????????????
nice brother, not a brony
that looks like uncle Owen after the empire struck
Vordox hes not lovin and tolerat'n
....
IMissOsamaBrony: So freakin (Wait for it) (Inhales) CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTE!!!!!1
13GilDash: funnyjunk was suing The Oatmeal
I don't mind the series, but I always think of "save the cheerleader" EVERYTIME I see an episode
Good grief what's Sylar's power anyway? Everything?
cachi01 i dont know i laughed when i saww that too
13the lawyer was an idiot
Yeah, totally normal to put out radiation
Uncle Owen dies
IMissOsamaBrony: lol
LIKE A BITCH
Ponies47 yup its schwaggin cute
Shizuka: Not the oatmeal :(
Shizuka: Oh, okay. All of that's under my radar I'm afraid. :S
Shizuka: Damn...
INB4 BLACK GUY DIES
funnyjunk... the site that ripped off comics from The Oatmeal... was suing?
yadadadadada dodadadadada ka-booooom ka-boooooooom :P
Kid insulted you. Pwned
13flutter_spin: yup, guy claimed defamation
Remember when Ebaum's World was cool?
6_9:P6_9:P
13had no standing at all
FlareChaser: haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay
Shizuka: http://fav.me/d560qd2 have some vi ^-^
Funnyjunk, the site that steals everything from other websites and claims it OC?
Pepperidge farms doesn't
Shizuka: Ahm a loyer herp derp
13that vivi <3333
I read the war that The Oatmeal posted about funnyjunk
He was not too happy
Nope.
Iron_Edge is that you?!?
Schizophrenia is a super power!
Pinkie wants to play :P
:D
U rong. Jessica is definitely there.
IMissOsamaBrony: Maybe.
Socks! :D
Jessica = Pinkie
dari: Split personalities, not schizphrenia.
I wanna accomplish nothing in gmod
Dari: Schizophrenia is worst superpower
FlareChaser: Socks bro. Socks.
one day u became just like her
Liokin you drrty bastard
NO DAD
DON'T BE A HERO
HIRO
IMissOsamaBrony: Troll face
Don't be HIRO
HIRO
Shizuka: Needs more socks...
Hiro is best hero
dat SUPER-HIRO
HIRO BEST HERO
13oh right kirz hasn't seen the choo choo
oh yeah! he can do that.
AW SH-
dat noclip
AR PONIES?????
13going to start gm_valley first in singleplayer, see if it's good
Bewm
No man!
NOO!
SAVE EM
:p
I'll check to see if I have that map, not sure
wat.
Run!
Freeze frame
Epic...
Hiro is BADASS
He was always my favorite
DONT JUST STAND THERE
THAT is HOW HE DID IT <3
PONIES IN REALITY
Best power.
AQUI
TOKI WO TOMARE
Hiro is best hero.
EPIC
13it's in the toybox
HARRO
dat autokick.
pull down Pants
Dammit Hiro, MOVE THEM
He's like a japanese tourist.
...
^^
Vordox lol
:D
Dat double autokick.
ching chong ding dong
Wombo combo.
o.o
IMissOsamaBrony: That's just rude
BRB
Is there a mod online? I'm having trouble connecting to bronystate chat via mIRC... I don't know what I'm doing. Could use some help ^_^
HUMBO COMBO?
THAT'S NOT FALCO
Vordox i know
13WOMBOCOMBO?
oh! oh! oh!
DATAINTFALCO
Dat RD
Chungo Baango
13CHUMBAWUMBA?
ZA WARUDO
Cherry Chiggy changa?
I GET KNOCKED DOWN
BAZINGA
oooooo burn
Wumbo Combo
BUT I GET UP AGAIN
Who now is arranging mass moonings of the Queen?
Wumbology
....
AND YOU NEVER GONNA BRING ME DOWN
Journalist is a dick too, oh good
PISSING THE NIGHT AWAY
13oh my this is huge
Just turn the M upside down for Wumbo
Journalists are best dicks :P
Everyone is a dick in this show.
0,14that's what she said
Meanwhile except hiro :D
Meanwhile: Agreed.
/me a butt sticks out of my air vent and poops
ALL the people are dicks. :|
Yeah, except Hiro.
13she did... just now...
everyone deserves at least one beating
Hiro is just awesome
"i'm SPECIAL!!"
Hiro is a badss.
SPESHUL
0,14indeed :3
FairysHuff: what exactly is the problem? just connect to irc.us.ponychat.net and join #bronystate
Shizuka...wait up
YATA!
Whoah, WOAAAAhhh
ugh. Dat painting.
13singleplayer atm
13it might be too big even
I predicted how the finale was going to go as sson as they advertised it
I like flying.
Couldn't fit it all in?
His name is Peter, dude, of course he's a dick
shana: I've never used an IRC client before so don't know what I'm doing. But I'll try that. Thanks.
those puns.
PETER PARKOUR
I'm Peter Petrelli :P
0,14dohoho
Hiro is best pony
LOL
"And I will save the cheerleader, and the wooorrld"
YATTA
lol
I love him
Yatta.
LOLOL
...Uuuhhhmm
13well big enough i'm getting 30fps max
13source doesn't like huge areas much
he seems so happy about everything
eek
GO BACK
Well, no, Mica's right, it IS that easy.
...to Equestria
you know son, Once you go Black, You never go Back
FairysHuff|IRC: /connect irc.us.ponychat.net should work in most clients
brb
Lil_B: :D
Byebyyyye
...Well, no. cause his mother is a lethal assassin who killled his friends, caused him to be in jail, and...well..is a bitch :p
"Wii would like to play."
dAT BLACK HITLER REFERENCE
uhhh
Lil_B no onec you go black, you are out of the will
wat?
13granted i usually max out at 60 for gmod but yeah
...
Smash the window!
moop
XD
I'm going to watch...!!!
lol'd
dat anal probe.
Anal proobe yoooouuu
Anal probe?
cant you get money from youtube contracts?
Toby Mquire: The amazing spider man ._.
Xmen all over again
Toby: I'm the amazing spiderman. Rawwr.
gayyyyyu
Wut
whoa
Turns out kid isn't a dick after all. D'aww.
Awww
Whoah, that cassete is bizzare.
now kill!
JERK
smack him!
what's his power again?
Meanwhile: Oh, just wait~
mindreader, right?
With UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
SOILJA BOI SAY
flutter_spin: mindhearer yup
should they be, like, concerned?
RadiOctavia
Nah
this is a TV show~
GEDDIT?
Meanwhile doesn't mean he shouldn't get a beaten
StinkomanFan: yup :3
Uh, you guys are breaking and entering, yo
StinkomanFan damn right
It's working shana ?
CriticKitten THERE COPS, They don't need SHIYYT
Crispy.
cool. I don't remember that.
I LOVE THIS PART
You didn't get a warrant or get permission to go in there. >_>
She after Sylar
FairysHuff: looks like
So she don't care
Lolnope.
:D
congrats. cancer, u haz it
Back :P
dari: Spiderman.mp4
CANCER
YES. XD
13aw
his voice. I know it from somewhere
What about cancer?
13by "train tracks"
13they meant a bridge to nowhere
13-.-#
So we just need to get an animation of that woman spinning in a circle.
Why did they have to name the disease after my Zodiac?
lol
hen3ry: That HAS to suck
00,10At first I was like why so ping, then I realised the kids name on heros
Couldn't it be Taurus? Or Leo?
StinkomanFan: because "You're dying of Lung Taurus" doesn't sound as good
/me random gunshots come from my airvent
Sumica: Oh, you!
Sumica: -lol
I wonder if Washington is going to have trouble sleeping
shana: Finally got it working. Thanks.
Ahaha Sumica
XD
what's on screen
0,14oh hai
Dat total BS
lol
never made it past mid-season 2
hey bronies wouldn't it be wierd if.... naaah it's a bad idea
IDGAF
Xp
Deep, but BS.
...Nathan is such a douche bag
what kidzrul434?
Oh you~
lol
nothing
in comes in pill size
Good Guy (whatever his name is)
WHAT IF WE MAKE A VIDERO GAME
wait what?
ABOUT PONE
then PM me kidzrul434.
Lil_B good anonymous guy ^^
BRONY'S QUEST
00,10What if sylar got pointie ears and travled through space. that would be cool
FlareChaser: get on skypppppp
Detective work OMG
Sumica
Kipkat07_USAF: no.
AHAHAHAHA
00,10Bet you could make a movie about that
StinkomanFan OMFG GRATE Idea! Hwtas the Pony Game abou?!
it would never work
Sumica...yeah. That would be cool...
ohai mark
Hello everypony!
no one would watch it
Sumica: All of my yes!
FlareChaser: awww
0,14so a Trek through the Stars?
I could only see him through the whole of that film
hi Shutterfly :)
YER A BRONE
hi Shutterfly
Kipkat07_USAF: I don't want to talk on skype.
AND YE QUEST FOR PONES
hey Invi sry, I have trouble beeing in 2 Chats at once :)
oh yeah. this part.
Lil_B me too ^^
hey Shutterfly hows your day been
FlareChaser: did i ask why?
GilDash Hey. I don't know if TAB is working right in mIRC can you TAB me back so I can find out?
Pretty good, thanks alexxm. What're we watching?
Teddy bear.
No, I just think I would explain it.
like an Atormic Bomb... get it? get it? the thing we are talking about since the first episode?!
00,10So far I kinda like TERA for those that asked earlyer.
FairysHuff:
....
"TEd. RATED Raaaar"
heroes Shutterfly
Radiation burns?
Oh yeah
Ted is a radiation man
So what, this guy is Captain Atom?
Bewm
Radiation burns? Who has cancer?
That's gnarly.
sweet
CriticKitten Duuuh
GilDash I'm getting the name up but no sound to tell me I got a message.
What, is he the new Hulk
FairysHuff: I suppose there must be something in the settings for it. :S
WHY DOES SETH MCFARLEN GETTING MOVIE RIGHTS?
WHY?
Emotional much..
GilDash Yeh. I'll have to have a look.
._.
WHY I NOT ENGLISH CORRECTLY?
is this a soap opera?
She's saying "bleh I ded"
Oh, god... :'(
00,10So is it true that if you save the derpleader you save the world?
Dat pain...
StinkomanFan whats he got the rights to now
Ohai
StinkomanFan do english guud
Sumica Oh yah
she's saying 'truuuuuuue looooooooove'
If you would get those kinds of burns from radiation, you would be pretty much dead,no?
Alchemist: No
/me is sad now.
This is Nicky Sanders from buffer Vegas
CriticKitten: -lol yes and no. Radiation in large enough aamounts can cause adverse reactions in the human body. It's poison. So those are more so her skin reacting to the poison. It's just swelling.
Sumica: Save the cheerleader, get arrested for pedophilia
00,10no that's if you shave the chearleader
CriticKitten: But to other objects like metal etc...there are different effects.
Greetings everypony. When is the Band of brothers thingy? Is it still to come or did i miss it?
ass ass ass ass ass stop
ugh. Did they HAVE to advertise that phrase?
Sumica: Save the cheerleader, save your rection
Vordox I got Gimp now, but I think I will not get to it today XD, can you explain it to me tomorrow?
Ohai LC
Lil_B: If I am here tommorow
save the cheerleader, mission complete
;I
Holy shit
denied.
GilDash Try again?
It's that Brit
HORRAY! I got a newsletter again! Thank you, guys! :$
HOORAY*
uuuuuuugh
oh great, drama on bronystate
Shave the cheerleader, become someones b(yay)h
someone is going to die
woot
Hey Rev
Hey guys! I saw a double rainbow last night :O!
A DOUBLE RAAAAINBOW
Hey Dari
oh look, the politician is telling lies, how shocking :D
WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
Deadlypon3 what was it like
Ohai dari :3
FairysHuff:
aw shit.
speaking in third person....oh noes....
It was...It was AMAZING.
ding-ding.
Deadlypon3: but what does it mean?
...Ya know what ya find at the end of a rainbow?
Because he's the ultimate man
Dat Skype.
Whats that streaming?
FLOATING WINDOW MAN
Rev, aren't you 18?
Alchemist: ...are you mocking me?
Deadlypon3 .....cupcakes?
That depends who you ask
No.
good
RAAAAAAAAAAAAAINBOW DASSH
Stream: "Heroes"
The next evolution of man. Since men never know what women are thinking, they EVOLVE and gain mind reading. Clearly.
thanks flutter_spin
read her mind through the phone!!!
((I am now confused))
But I am actually hundreds of years old
CriticKitten: O.o it all makes sense...
XD
I am speaking to you from an underground bunker
In a stasis tank
Cupcakes > Muffins
CriticKitten: I know what women thinks
GilDashNope. Not working and I don't know how to get it to work.
superretroworld: if you are a politician who is telling lies, I am afraid so, yes :D
You can't deny the frosting.
WAIT I AM THE EVOLVED FUTURE HUMAN!?
Shite,
hey Shamroc. We don't meet or talk often. But I see you online sometimes.
Hello everybody! How are you all doing today? I'm doing quite well besides my college work I'm stuck with, but I love you all!
soo hows chat doing today?
((-_- I'll just take the 15 and keep it at that))
is the band of brothers thingy still to come or did i miss it?
CriticKitten, Vordox is already a mindreader....
sheiitee
Hay pikorar
FairysHuff: Well... I just use the normal chat so, I can't help much. :S
/me glomps pikorar.
0,14going to a BBQ soon :3
But Kammerjunk, muffins has not been turned into a grim-dark fanfic.
Invi: Don't worry, I will not have sex and children
pikorar: <3
Rev's skype says 18
FOR THE FUTURE of mankind!
6_9:P6_9:P DERPY
pikorar: You're poking out of your usual time. ;)
Vordox: INB4 you go bald and open a private school for the "gifted".
Alchemist: sorry, just the comment you made was to me
Hi AttackPony|Cooking, hi GilDash, hi Liokin. I love you all.
And I think he said he was last time I talked to him (which was admittedly nearly a year ago...)
Shutterfly: That fic was silly. Cupcakes are teh awesomes.
But I don't know what to think anymore.
why not? that would help the man of tomorrow
pikorar: I love you too. :)
So blegh.
...I love frosting.
Kammerjunk: How did you know I was balding....?
Kammerjunk: true...
GilDash: Erm... I'm stuck with Psychology work and I'm really bored so I decided to at least do something else in the meantime.
hey pikorar hows your day been
Vordox: Oh, you'd like to know, wouldn't you.
dat ersonal info
SaxyPretender: as am i
It's been good alexxm.
*personal
MY HERO
:D
Think of the kitties.
((Well fine then))
Pulling cats from trees DO change a lot :p
What are we watching?
pikorar: Well, don't get too distracted. I'd hate for you to fail because of us. :)
/me scratches CriticKitten behind the ear.
He's the hero kittens deserve
HORN RIMMED GLASSES
((I guess I can say I live in Winterhold of Skyrim))
/me purrs.
I live in the Void
XD
I used to have a kitten.
/me pets CriticKitten
:3
PING!
What is with all of these young people coming in here
But he's a full-grown lazy cat now.
PING!
I can MAYBE do it right for once. Dari :P
A_Spazz: I love you.
GilDash: Switched back to webchat.
awww...
Rev ignore them
I'm 5 seconds ahead of you, so you have no change. :P
Kammer: But then you took an arrow to the....oh
PING!
I'll leave it next time though
They're trying to be annoying
FairysHuff: Fair enough. :)
Did something happen with #bronystate
No
I'm not ._.
Worse
0,14they are awesome and delicious
GilDash: Actually, it's extra credit work only. I don't NEED to do it, but I thought that I may as well try.
They regulars skype group -_-
There's nothing worse than that
i just joined
Is it wrong to not like MLP: FiM? :O
pikorar: Good for you. :)
Only reason in here is because I haven't seen Rev in like a year.
And he totally doesn't remember me.
MASF123: Yes.
....
I remember you
Muahaha laugh
((I am also an Argonian adept in magic and a member of the Dark Brotherhood and I am a jedi and I am the one who will liberate the people from the Matrix...I can go on all day if I wanted))
PAWNCH
You're like 12 and live in the UK
MASF123: well...not exactly...
Dowtch LO
I try to stay ahead where I can, GilDash.
^_^
:3
Well, 15.
But hey, same thing.
...why did he think that right AFTER congratulating him P?
Uh oh
OH CRAP KID
the director chooses your destiny
he looks 12
What was the punch for? I can't hear it over the sound of frying food.
....
OH SHIT KID IS A HERO
I saw a review with a person that didn't like the show...he kind of killed it for me... :(
HE KNOWS MODEM LANGUAGEEEEEEEEEE!
Kid has powers too. Of course.
Oh god the kid is a technomancer
of course hes a hero
He looks like a girl
attackPony He is sleeping with his wife :p
I love you guys too.
He certainly acts 12...
Deadlypon3: Ohh
wait, he can repair stuff?
AttackPony|Cooking the other guy sleeped with the punch masters wife
Well, hello, new ponies)
I just don't know what went wrong. :S
But why is Dari here
>technomancer
Symphony they are not new ponies
Oh, you.
With his sexy voice
hi Symphony ^_^
and UK-ness
Technomage.
BaconMane: Hey, that's offensive toward all the 12 year olds in #bronystate
Technomancer..OH YEAH I want that name
alexxm: So Punch master is the guy who can read mines?
I don't really want to leave the herd, though...
mind*
Technomage is best class.
Technomage, whatever.
I was curious as to who is still around. :>
I could honestly care less
AttackPony|Cooking yep
Whatever BaconMane said is probably true
You could care less?
Being Offensive is Bad. :(
So you do care to some degree then?
^
o.O And the kid knows about the other personality too
alexxm: Ohhhh
Interstate 14. Road that doesn't exist yet.
..oh ok
Dat goofing.
Yes, I care to very little degree
Wheres mah SuperBrony?
Is anyone listening to me?
FLAWLESS DESIGN!?!??!
Is BS still insanity full of people younger than 13?
:(
CLIFFHANERR
Rev: Even more so than before.
Dat cliffhanger
MOAR!
All the cliffhanger.
Oh god
it is nowadays
:p
We need to create a BrS OC pony that's named Cliffhanger. :P
bonr
To be contuined? OH COME ON! :[
It sounds horrible
it is
It truly is
MASF123 any idea why you stoped likeing the show
Guys stop it
Cliff Hanger, hanging from a cliiiiiiff, and that's why he's called Cliff Hanger~
It's not as bad as theyre making it sound
...THEN EVERYPONY CAME
MASF123: what did he say that killed mlp for you?
Moar cliffhangers!
YA NEXTY EP
Sexy.
Bow chicka BOWWAH
They like to exxagerate things
I meant new to silvershipper (to me, anyway)
GET
How many people are in it
ME
MASF123: Show the review
NEXT EP
DOOOOOOOOOOOWN
Deceptive_Cadence: galdly
0,14holy crap, CriticKitten gave me flashbacks
He just kind of made me realize, it isn't as good as I thought it was.
Saxy: /)
0,14(\ CriticKitten
MASF123: SHOW...THE...:REVIEW
Or LINK it
SaxyPretender: Sax-ay! /)
0,14(\ Liokin
I once had a cliffhanger... heck, I once too hang on a cliff (Bad Jokes away!)
PEEE
MASF123: Well, the show isn't for everyone, of course.
Well...I try to find it.\
http://pastebin.com/mK0PQLxZ
logic
BRITISH PERSON!!!
dari: Because deal w/ it
Cause it cheerleader :O!
TALK MPOR
Rev: typically 130ish
TALK MOR BRITISH PERSON
7 is a "biblical" number or something
LOL
I remember back when it used to be so quiet...
on noes we will never know what happens next!
Dari vs
Copyriiiiiiiiiigh-t
dan vs copyright
NOOOOOOOOO
:3
NOOOOOOOO:[
Verifying...
We need to stream Dan
MASF123: Give...me...the...review...NOW
SPAM
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFk66lJ2_fw
SPAM SPAM
But then everything changed when the Fire Nation attacked?
gorillavid is good
StinkomanFan: we already did :)
Megavideo....:'(
MASF123: No show is for everyone, and there's no reason "staying in the herd" if it's not something you wrong.
lol
MODS; DO NOT BLAME MASF123 I made him link it
WHY DO YOU PEOPLE KEEP STREAMING THINGS I'D LIKE WITHOUT ME?
Previously, On HEEEROS
Sorry...I know I can't post video links.
WIN
0,14you know that could've been PM'd right, Vordox =P
What show?
Yes SaxyPretender but I have a hunch that the review isn't "True"
Happy 4th everypony :) A-MARE-ICA, Buck YEAH! lol
And so far, my hunch is 93% right
HAPPY 4th SKETCH
The video isn't anything harsh...it just got me thinking. Is all....
hey Sketch_Toku_Brony hows your day been
Sketch_Toku_Brony is there something important today?
OH FOR THE LOVE OF CELESTIA MASF123
MASF123: did this review kill it for you?
REALLY!?
well im goin to my aunts for ribs
Chat derp back
MASF123: He IS a brony
what is this?
MASF123: we're not looking at ponies all the time and nothing but ponies, theres so much more , ponies brought us here , the community is what made us stay , and as long as you find joy in the comunity there is no reason to leave . We wub you , just enjoyit!
THE EARTH IS LAAAAARGE
0,14in any case, I'm off to a BBQ, later guys
The Earth is large.
You don't say
Have fun Saxy.
episode 1
by SaxyPretender :)
MASF123: It's Baglady for god sake, the big troll of brony but not brony
CHING CHONG DING DONG
SaxyPretender: Later bro /)
have fun SaxyPretender
And the earth is blue :p
Later SaxyPretender
bye SaxyPretender have fun
bye Iron_Edge
inb4 Sylar pony
TrixieBaconMuffin: Ha ha. Good one.
oh AND i tried the demos of Rythm Thief and KH 3D and they are AWESOME /)^3^(\
Credits*
Not looking at MLP all the time.
That's rich.
MASF123: I've seen his full series, he enjoys the ML, but only in small amount
IMissOsamaBrony: I didnt leave -lol saxy was.
aaaaand done.
It's like liking it up enlongating it
ANYWAY; back to stream.
>KH
>Kingdom Hearts
just out of curiousity
:|
to be fair the only time i watch pony episodes is movie night
did you guys mind the sudden surge in activity?
MASF123: Don't think too much about it. :P
Well...I have been warned to stay away from the parasprites. I won't let one person mess it up for me. :)
I remember this ep
:<
;___;
"Burnt Toast Diner".
XD
I won't Vordox.
MASF123: Lucky. I have 2 parasprites on my hoofs :(
Oh no...
Todays episode is named "Burned Toast Dinner"... sounds interresting
she IS google
....
Sound not synced
VAFFLES
Vaffles?
Og.
Waffuru
her power is google
YES! More Hiro!
her power is all the knoledge
Fry-do-ku.
THEY WILL KILL YOU
MASF123: I'm trying to stay strong. I still love MLP but there really starting to depress the (squee) outta me :(
/me LOVE toaster waffles! <3 <3 <3
Nope, not at all.
/me loves waffles in general
Ponies47: you need a good parasprite polka ^-^
HOORAY
/me hands Meanwhile a waffles
Ponies47, yeah I know. Even some of my friends are against me.
YATTA?
photographic memory?
-lol man she is good XD
I WANT THAT POWER
hello everypony happy 4th of july :)
((It was just hard to keep up with for me))
That's not a super power either. XD
MASF123: There not getting to me. I just gotta learn how to deal with em
OH SNAP
TIC TOC
FATU FATU
TIC TOC
understandable ^
There are actual people with minds like that. XD
Oh, good
Haio xMLPxREACTORx, same to you :)
((I don't mind though))
Five O' clock
LC was raging at us because of this.
That chick looks familiar....
AND TIME TO DIE BITCHES
hey xMLPxREACTORx hows your day been
SIX O CLOCK
OH GOD
I can't keep Love and Tolerating...It's just too hard.
IT'S MAGNETO
...wait.
Dawn of the final day, 7 minutes remain....welp.
MASF123 theres always just ignoring them
reat shoot sum bottle rockets off
tolerating can be done longterm by anyone who ever had a younger sibling. Love, that's the challenge :D
Haha not easy for me, I can kept trying to ignore them.
I think I'll drop out of the chat for today, see you all tomorrow :)
Bye Lil_B. Happy 4th
see a
The Bronies should get a training camp so we can practice Love and Tolerating on a test dummy.
by eLil_B
bye Lil_B
MASF123: I embody Love and Tolerate
bye Lil_B
AttackPony|Cooking why happy 4th?
And I teach iit to others too
Seey ya Lil_B. I think I'll be leaving for the day too. Have the 4th to celebrate and all.
Lil_B: 4th of July.
MASF123: nice one ^-^. dont let them screw it up for you
05,15Hello everyone, what's going on?
If anything, Love and Tolerate is like Buddhism
fluttercry, poni
poni is going on
Allo fluttercry
@fluttercry, I was about to leave the herd for the last time.
/me hugs AttackPony|Cooking alexxm Fou_Lou MASF123 and Barbetos ;)
Heroes is streaming
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz now i know my abc next time wont you sing with me
Haio fluttercry
hey fluttercry hows your day been
But I am not going to now.
AttackPony|Cooking is that a celebration day in your country?
MASF123: Why leave it?
Lil_B: Yeah.
05,15I've been good alexxm
MASF123: Not enjoying this chat? the Bronydom? The people? Your friends?
fluttercry you missed a brilliant dari troll earlier.
05,15Heroes? The one with the cheerleaders?
Yeah.
05,15I missed a dari troll!? Awwwww
AttackPony|Cooking ok, happy 4th for you :)
fluttercry have no worries. I saved the entire thing.
Pillow talk is ....best?.... talk
what pony would you fuck
...
..
13http://imgur.com/a/OJ7J0#0
Nope.
xMLPxREACTORx: Dude....not cool.
...
did he just say that
Applejack :(
Vordox, I just keep thinking...is this for me? Am I just liking it because people like it? Will I lose my non-brony friends if I keep watching this? I lost one friend already.
I feel a kick coming on
05,15Sheesh I can't be on 3 minutes without having to kick someone?
Clearly not
MASF123: I lost over 20+ friends over 1 year.
MASF123: It's life, get used to it.
Oh MY GAWD.
Damn, Vordox ... :(
The thing is, even if I do lose them, doesn't mean I can reconcilate with them wheneve rthe time comes up
But Vordox, isn't Friendship Magic?
Time does alot.
05,15Challenge accepted
MASF123: Who said I lost them for good? :)
Haha. :) Ok I understand.
MASF123: Time's tooth is the only enemy I have in my life.
MASF123: Friend who dont like you for who you are isnt very magic
fluttercry: Who got kicked? I was playing New Vegas so didn't see who or why.
This is why Twilight Sparkle likes books... you can just put Bookmarks in them and get back to them later.
05,15Doesn't matter
SUPERHEROES
FairysHuff someone who asked something perverted
Not green
alexxm: Ah the usual then.
LOL Hiro
KAKOI!
We love you Hiro
You are awesome
Hiro gets all the wimminz
Compricated
high low
hello everyone! :D
OHNO HIRO
DO NOT
hey BronyInstrumental hows your day been
Uh oh. So she's Twilight Sparkle now?
Smoooooth
Alright see everyone later. MASF123 make some new friends here and it will be alright. =P
seems legit
Deathu gurippu spocku.
05,15DESU DESU DESU
It's like having that Brain Age guy living next to you!
it's been good alexxm, how about you?
Anyone wanna rp?)
Lawl Hiro XD
bye Barbetos
Fou_Lou I eavesdropped on my friend who said behind my back that I make him want to quit video games because I play pony games and that I talk about the show which pisses him off. He told me he honestly had no problem with it.
HONTO des
But close enough
i'm good BronyInstrymental
Tic...
lol
Toc...
sure)
O)O
xD
((i'm free for rp Symphony ))
oh yea
hiro is best pony.
sure)
Alright)
-lol I appreciate hiro. That guy is an asian pinkie pie :3
(jj wins)
MASF123: omg. nice friends you have there. I doubt i would call them friends....
((^.^))
what would you do for a kit kat bar
05,15Maybe Pinkie Pie is an asian pony
not green
:):D
OH SHIT
08,01hullo!
You start.)
(meaning I dont need to rp!)
....
08,01pinkie pie will be asian at BUCK
Now we need fanart of Hiro riding Pinkie (on her back, you pervs) with his fists in the air, shouting "YATTA!"
08,01because i'll be cosplaying her
oh noe, he doin hydronuke
Hz.....
08,01alexxm: not too great
08,01not to bad either, though
DAT BUCKING Radiation HZ:...
SHIT
Fou_Lou well it IS New Jersey...I had my trust in him. Also I've lost like 6 or 8 friends before MLP which makes me question if Friendship really is Magic?
/me rushes into the parlor hyperactive as every as he shouts "GOOOOOOOOOD MORNING EVERYPONY!"
oh woo-dee-doo he can boil water...thats an awesome power
say has anyone seen GARO? i've been thinkin of checking it out
MASF123: How old are you...?
69
05,15You know what else was a decent show about super powers? Misfits
And then throw said water in your face. Fun times.
lol
Ok...let me just take a HUGE breath I think I should be good.
jk
Sketch_Toku_Brony whats it about
Is the guy in orange teh one that paints those pics when he's high?
/me winces after sleeping on one of the couches. "Morning."
Speaking of which, BronyInstrumental, when is B.U.C.K.?
no
Vordox, I am 21. haha average brony age.
MASF123: You're at the split age then
Moo
/me Is 14
it is on the 18th and 19th of August, shutterfly. are you attending?
/me is 18
Oh
08,01DashWithRainbows: she will
17
08,01BronyInstrumental: i do!
I was only a day out
Vordox? Split age?
/me sneaks into the mansion as he stealthfully slithers to the garden
NO ONE'S GIVING A FLYING FEATHER
MASF123: All the people you met in your school are starting to spread out in their life, expanding where they wish to aim. Keeping contact is the most important piece, but you need to learn which of your friends you can support and they support you with your life.
whats your guys favorite song in the mlp community
ooh Shutterfly your a UK brony going to BUCK?
/me smiles as he zips over to her "Hey what's up Buttercup! Ohh that rymed!"
MASF123: It happens to everyne at that age... Keep your friends that you truly hold dear.
i know that guiy
MASF123: depends on the kinds of friends you have. I had great friends in school. but i have like no contact to them after i finished
Chrysalis: you're*
What show?
i am too, Chrysalis
heroes
08,01fluttercry: i'm going to stream that at some point
/me Is a Wisconsin brony with no bronycon in the state :(
mk
kg
MASF123: its just normal. My best freinds though i see most of the time just once a year.
I'm not a UK brony, Chrysalis, but I'm wondering when it is. I heard about it on Bronyville podcast and was curious.
gk
08,01BronyInstrumental: are you coming to BUCK?
r
05,15yay
l
xMLPxREACTORx: It's between "Finding a pet" and "Cutie Mark Crusader theme song" For me -lol
08,01because if you are, i expect you to come find me and give me a brohoof
Ponie47, I know that feel
08,01same goes for all of you who are comign to buck
"Not much. Stayed up all night practicing for our first gig in a few weeks."
08,01i think i may have said this before
*Ponies47
GilDash, what you're coming to BUCK?
Sometimes I don't even know anymore...about things. In life. :(
08,01BronyInstrumental: i shall pm you
"That's cool. Are you nervous?"
MASF123: Keep your thoughts clear, try to answer the questions you have yourself. It's your After School crisis
what does it mean to buck in the mlp wourld
hello everyone!
xMLPxREACTORx: To F{yay}K
"Yeah."
After school crisis? Well...they were my childhood friends. This was before MLP of course.
hey Pelagius hows your day been
8,6xMLPxREACTORx, I suggest you take a look at our rules if you plan to stick around, which at this point seems unlikely. www.bronystate.net/rules
oo i retarted:(
MASF123: Then it's weeding.
It means buck the same as the word normally does.
alexxm: great, yours?
The same as a horse bucks.
It's just a kick
to kick with your hind legs
/me walks into the parlor, a little tense after being startled in the hallway by the hyperactive Nelaj.
StinkomanFan: Closet bronycon to me is Canterlot Gardens which is in Iowa and I'm only 14 so I can't drive out there :(
Sketch_Toku_Brony sounds intreasting
What show is this?
i'm good Pelagius
Hiros... er... Heroes
Heroes
HIRO?
I'm 16 and I don't know how to drive
THE HAITIAN
lol
i saw the 1st episode and it was awesome,its a Toku with some horror elements in it
05,15I'm 19 and I can't drive. Everytime I try I almost crash :(
Hatians?
"I see. Well don't sweat it. I'm sure you'll do great!"
lol again
Don't worry Ponies47, i'm sure you'll find a way there :)
fluttercry: Ouch.
/me smiles. "Thanks."
I will never make it to Canterlot Gardens :'(
whats that
tags are now black.
fluttercry: Its eyesight issues right?
I live over the ocean so i never will be at any us cons
fluttercry: Took me almost 2 years and 6 attempts. Believe me, if I can do it so can you. :)
05,15Liokin yup
/me waves to Prismwind "Hey again!" looks back to Buttercup_Cream and smiles as well "No prob!"
...unless someone knows a few more details and I can try and convince my father
Shutterfly: hmmmm. I just really wanna go by myself. My parents do trust me. Maybe if I could get the cas I could take the train out there or somthing get a hotel and go to all 3 days of Canterlot Gardens that would nice :)
fluttercry: I know the driving feel.
Horn Rimmed glasses!
*cash
The guy that gave me a 1st welcome when I went to this stream for the 1st time. I can't even remember his name. It sucks, I think he may have given up on FiM.
i never took driving lessons, im scared of driving
[22:21] I'll leave it next time though
fluttercry: -lol its easy bro you just have to memorize the colorsand symbols you can see like I did and the rest is simple.
:P
Left it for you
FECK
MASF123: Then find him if you enjoyed his company.
We're all such silly fillies :P
superretroworld are you going to need a car?
Ponies47: wait, you're parents trust you to go to somplace on your own, and you're 14? O.o
Horn rimmed glasses!
05,15But Liokin I can't make out shapes from a distance, even with my glasses
Ponies47: like, out of state?
Vordox, I can't remember his name. Lol. I do know he lived in the U.K. and often suffers from depression.
Invi: i can get a car, buut im just afraid of driving, so i never tooking driving lessons
Well, Canterlot Gardens isn't until next month...
MASF123: Then try and find him.
bai everypony im off to my BBQ
Shutterfly: I hang out with friends on Friday in Wisconsin. I have gained plenty of trust with em. Outta state I would have to talk to them about that
Have fun Shamroc
Vordox, where would I start?
whats the canterlot gardens
i plan on it
superretroworld not if you can get a car. If you are going to need a car was the question ^^
MASF123: Where you last saw him, he must be there again
Dang, Ponies47, I'm jelly! hahaha :D
xMLPxREACTORx: Bronycon in Iowa
o
What does DC Douglas have to do with ponies anyway?
Vordox, I feel like I'm cracking some code.
Oh wait.
MASF123: Life's code is mumbled
HE'S BIG MAC ISN'T HE?
Ohshi
05,15Speaking of Bronycons, Bronycon was awesome!
good o' industrial can opener. I have one of those at work
ded
ded indeed
....
OH SHI-
Oh fudge
Shutterfly: I'm very responsible adn my parents do trust me. Unlike my BROTHER -_-
fluttercry: I mean you wanna talk about terrible eye sight I once stared at a painting on a wall for about 20 minutes thinking it was somebody -lol
*and
What the hell happenedto her?
/me screams
D:
i never went there this s the first ime i have heard of it
MASF123: So I just now finished the video you linked earlier. You should look at his other videos yourself and let that speak for itself.
:'(
Ew.
good to hear fluttercry
Happy July 4th, everyone.
MASF123: if he was here in the chat try the movie nights. should be the highest chance to find him. and dont forget EU movie night especially when he is from UK
He used his telekinesis to cut her brain....
lol
Ded :3
stop smiling!
Oooooooo you're brother isn't the favorite in the family, Ponies47?
Oooh...damn...
Maybe... Maybe if I'm able to get my drivers license...
Hiro... :3
Oh, Lord. Heroes. I remember when this show was good.
cant he go back i ntime and save her?
Kammerjunk I'll check his vids hold up.
And then convince my parents...
lol DocSane
twilight_sprinkle: No, he can't. He tries.
No... I can't get a drivers license in one month
That'd be impossible
Shutterfly: He doesn't give to (squee)s about anything else but his video games. When he's playing you can never get him away from them. NEVER O_O
*two
MASF123: i agree with Kammerjunk have watched the whole thing too. and cant really see what you saw in it. he seems to like the show and the commentary is usual trash talk
You can't go back in time and change the thing that causes you to go back in time.
her name is Leia
^
leia who
Sorry about the sudden mass of joins/quits guys )
It creates a paradox.
what a twist
It's k)
is that good special or bad special
Ponies47: oh wow.. Don't get me wrong, I'm a gamer, but seriously, that's kinda rediculous.
xMLPxREACTORx: leia neg
Fou_Lou I could find him there. I'm not anxious to find him, just want to know if he's still brony is all.
05,15Directed by M. Night Shyamalan
((It's okay dude))
stop throwing that word around!
what is a homecoming
still dont know who you talking about:$
hi everypony
NNNOOOO not an m night shyamalan movie
hi
So this guy isn't a bad guy? O.o
Someone mentioned this channel in a skype group and they thought it would be cool to pile in here)
hey Saigneur hows your day been
PAINT IT FAGGOT
HEROES !!!!!!!!!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE IT
"So. Whatcha doing now?"
Kipkat07_USAF: Meh Squidward.
fine thank you alexxm ^^
Saigneur: I like the 1st season. :)
Shutterfly: Yes it is. Everytime I go into his romm to ask him somthing this is what he usually says get out or what in a very annoyed tone -_-
I avoid interviews. They don't seem to settle well with me
*room
too bad it end at 4th season, they need a fifth
First series of Heroes was great....till the last episode.
ditto DocSane
Then it all went to hell.
Ponies47: -lol what your older brother or something?
they made a 4th season
i want to see it
Liokin: Yes. He's 16 I'm 14
When they started airing the advertisements for the cheerleader, I lost it
05,15Give me a 4th season of The Inbetweeners and I'll be happy
And he hates ponies :(
"Not a whole hell of a lot, really. You?"
Ponies47: -lol sheep glomp him then.
Fou_Lou, I just would like to remember the 1st person that greeted me the 1st time I got to Bronystate.
so wait, is he evil or not?
05,15also, the movie is being released in the U.S. this year and I will drag my friends to it.
xMLPxREACTORx: yeah 4th season is cool, but it doesn't end it :/
Liokin: HA! :D
save the kid!
RyunosukeKnT i don't htink so
run away kid
run away!
Liokin: He may be older but I'm taller :P
i thought they made 2 seasons
Ponies47: the fact that he's the older one makes it even worse... From one younger sibling to another, you're awesome for gaining such respect from your parents while your older brother just sits in his room. /)
/me shrugs "I guess nothing as well. Not a lot happens here. At least whenever I come here."
I can't afford $79 a night!
/me gets a normal apple cider from the bar instead of a hard one and finds a seat on one of the couches.
is it really so hard to break a window?
xMLPxREACTORx: theres 4.
Tic toc
And neither can my parents!
That reviewer guy...he has a lot of MLP: FiM commentarys, could he possibly be a closet brony or a-yet-to-be-brony in the making?
Bonk
how i know bronystate : looking the replay on youtube, asking what is this chat irc near the stream : find bronystate
...I... I need a job. :'(
Shutterfly: (\ Yes he does go outside from time to time but he never really leaves the house. -_-
is this mlpfim of first gen
and i say HEEEEEEYEAYEAYEAYEA HEEEEEEEEYEAYEAYEA I say.... whats goin on?
MASF123: sure. I dont remember mine at all. and its just about a month
StinkomanFan: Same. I needs monies
Wait, what happened?
Ponies47: Liek I said. Sheep glomp him.
Heya!)
key to your heart
....
So, I saw Spider-Man last night. It wasn't amazing.
DAI
Hi.)
Liokin: Teh he :$
HEART
((Hey Birdy ))
CAPTAIN LANET
(( Hi ))
Spiderman? Was it really bad?
my older sisters were just like whatever when they found out
08,01SHE RESPONDED!!!!!!!!!!!1
It was mediocre.
DocSane: how would you rate it?
05,15DocSane do they explain how he became SpiderMan?
How am I going to get a job in the middle of july?
who responded?
/me 08,01bounces about
i "boycott" spiderman
05,15Is there trolling?
Yes, they do the origin, YET AGAIN.
D:
Is that reviewer guy a brony in secret?
her name is claire too in VO <3
Ponies47: Older brother: "its too HOT OUT HERE!!!" *walks back inside to air conditioning*
Now, jus poppin in fer a bit. Ah gotta drive home :/)
Hey, at least The Incredible Hulk was better than The Hulk
08,01the lass from LAC
BRONIES I'M EATING OUTSIDE TONIGHT! YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
08,01Meanwhile: i made a bit of a fuax pas at LAC
So ah guess ill rp in about 10)
so is the deadpool movie happening
(( That's alright. *hugs* See you soon hun. ))
kidzrul434: one of the awesome things during the summer.
My friend and I were watching this turgid adventure and 1/3 into it, he leans over and says "Thank goodness they spent a third of the movie doing the origin, because it's not like anyone remembers it."
08,01Meanwhile: London Anime Con
whos your favorite main 6
when is band of brother ?
See you all later. I hate being ignored so yeah.
Seeya)
08,01AttackPony|Cooking: everything is cool, and i was probably just being paranoid
night MASF123
08,01or that's hwo it seems
No, I haven't left the herd...yet.
see ya MASF123
bye MASF123
Shutterfly: He's just annoying. My parents do love him but there not there favorite nor I'm I there favorite. My parents love us both the same :)
MASF123: see yaa later.
:|
bye MASF123
See you then.
Later MASF123 :)
SO MANY PINGS! :O
Ponies47: that's good to hear :)
Ponies47: depends whos the brony or not :D
i am
So what is she like, mind control lady?
and proud
Band of brother ? when ? in 2 hours ?
05,15So out of all the Spiderman movies, which one do you think was the best?
im still here.
hiro !
I think so, Saigneur.
05,15I like Spiderman 2
OMG HEROES hi everypony
YATAAAAAAAAA
which episode is this?
hi BrOnyxia
Second
Hi BrOnyxia
2nd?
;i
Shutterfly: Yeah. My parents are good parents. But I hope I can find a way out to Canterlot Gardens some how :)
;o
INB4 Hiro is awesome
hey BrOnyxia hows your day been
/me shrugs "I guess nothing as well. Not a lot happens here. At least whenever I come here."
when i go back to school i am doing a projet baced on mlp
BrOnyxia: hm first season about ep 10 or something like that
Goodnight everypony
is lowa close to michigan?
Im a bit afk playing some stuff. Someone ping me when Band of brothers comes up
alexxm: good and urs?
Believe me, Ponies; I'd drive you if i didn't live on the east coast! :D
superretroworld: I love ponies! :) My brother hates ponies :(
bye killerpony7733
*Ponies47
shana: thx :3
Touche
Sorry, JJ)
i've been good BrOnyxia only have 2 days of college left
Didn't see it)
alexxm: thats rly nice
Shutterfly: Sorry I live in the Midwest! You know I wonder if anypony in this chat is going to Canterlot Gardens
05,15WTF WHERE DID HE GO
he is shitting
invisible
INTO THE PAST
Super Hiro dah
ask around, Ponies47
"Yeah, same here."
hiro is my fav
((Tis okay my lady))
so he must have gone really far back
Saigneur: would be my 2nd fav after peter
/me yawns "Wanna go do something?"
i think its peter
peter is awesome indeed
/me relaxes in his secret spot, knowing no pony could see or know where his alog as everyones happy without his existance.
but rly cool
Sup bronies
:D
i cant find the first ep for season 3 on youtube were do i go someone plz tell me were to go
third will be sylar :)
hiro
Hey, Ret)
:P
xMLPxREACTORx: Season 3 isn't out yet.
yeah
o
((Hi Ret ))
spam kick lol
then who said they made 4
I'm at a lake moderating in style
05,15nobody
i love ponies, all my friend irl hate it
boom
xMLPxREACTORx: it won't be out until september or sometime like that. Whoever said season 4 was released was making lies.
((And I have chocolate flag cake...I win))
05,15inb4 there is no season 4
Saigneur: Haters gonna hate
good luck StinkomanFan
:/
o thnaks for telling me that
good luck StinkomanFan
Thanks guys
Good luck StinkomanFan :)
StinkomanFan: Where here for ya :)
StinkomanFan: Good luck! :)
*we're
goodluck but for what
damn i go to work in 8 hours
dat eyes <3
/me Doesn't have a job :P
ive desperatly tried to look for a job
the cheerleader !
i'm really trying to find a job as well
i need a job too, the economy sucks atm
dont bro someone want you
/me doesn't have a job either
worry
/me but work anyway :s
Me too
Dat picture.
My sister made a gelatin flag cake
Old classmate of mine started working at Culvers yesterday as a summer job :P
I think i have a job, i had 2 interviews and a job shadow :$
:'(
/me has a job and it's boring as sin. :D
....
who's talking ?
the streamer
/me flings CriticKitten a bit of chicken.
yeah
Cliffhanger. Cliffhanger everywhere.
night guys
/me noms.
dat cliffhanger!
05,15Really? I turn off the stream and I miss talking
05,15laaaaame
who is the streamere
night everyone
whos voice is that?
Nighty night alexxm :)
night BrOnyxia
bye alexxm
night alexxm
dari: No damn idea. Keep going
nighty night BrOnyxia :)
I think the stream is at 8?
i mean everypony* oops
xD
bye alexxm
the fridge ?
bye alexxm
Your fridge
bye BrOnyxia
oh god my fridge is all the way downstairs
That's a sexy fridge
no wonder i hear voices :D
Cops just shut down these guys renting random jet skis and boats to people without a permit. I'm glad because their clients were speeding in the no wake and swimmer areas
my fridge ? requiem for A dream ?
british accent? constant dinging? could this be...a dari stream? it's been so long!
Oh you silly :P
The call is coming from inside the house OOOoooooo
that's where the yogurt has gone! :D
I demand a showing of the moview 1776!
english accent not british
Demand it!
hello RAWRity
this is british accent ? u wouldn't hear y french accent
Woo! normal accent"
i dont care...
i will be geting off in a little so ya hope you have a fantastic 4th of july
what we be watching?
cliffhangers are a slice of life
tak care, xMLPxREACTORx
dari: Copyright is trolling you.
RAWRity: Heroes.
ORLY ?
i think its australian
thanks
Meanwhile: oh, you mean that show that was good for one season?
RAWRity: Idk, never seen it.
i like u too streamer
That's why we're watching series 1
:>
Can anypony get onto WeLoveFine right now?
trust me, S2 of heroes was godawful.
Origami-spoiler spoils nothing
save the cheerleader
what cheerleaders
don't worrie i will use this magic bicycle
it's the french translation of what claire do,
Downton Abbey
Hmm
dari: I think I can see where this is going.
Not sure if I've seen much of it yet
it's a english noun anyway
drugs = artist
pom pom girl like we said in france
05,15Whatever happened to that show, I think it was called Fades or something. That seemed interesting
/me yawns "Wanna go do something?"
is there a site for fanfiction cause i am tired of the youtube vids that read it
in this school, it was the dark days, because there was no such thing as mlp fim
xMLPxREACTORx: Try FimFiction.
thanks
I LOST THE GAME
i smell...#&$@%
>homecoming queen
xMLPxREACTORx: I take it you're new around the fandom?
Yoink.
LOL
Claire! Claire!
claire won something ?
U mad bitch?
>having any significance whatsoever
>HA
/me sits in the security room upstairs and watches the monitors before spotting reiko and smiling
She got the geek vote!
That black chicks in Nikita! :O
Dat bitch mad
i guess nobody liked that quarterback
Claire got nerd cred
Hiiigh school is a serious thing, these problems maaatteer~
Nerds change the world...secretly.
kinda the second day i have een i this site is there any others like this
http://ukofequestria.co.uk/data/avatars/l/0/15.jpg?1340830327
the power of shocail outcasts!
lol i'm one of the main character and i won something, incredible
The always underestimated group
Be nice to nerds chances are you will end up working for one - Bill Gates.
05,15Meanwhile nothign is more important than what is happening right now in front of these lockers
true story
If SS was a real place and in your general area, would you live there?
Destroy the one painting they need
fluttercry: Nothing that can't be fixed by staring at a lake.
Good job broooooo
only if the nerd is a colossal tool.
way to go, man
/me notices te camera and retreats out f the mansion. <shit...cameras>
thats not how it works bro
so he wants to destroy the world?
whats the herd is it mlp saying or some thing
if you see someone called " Swoff " in this chat say to him HI for me ^^ i try to make him a brony =D have 2 go, good night everypony
bye
(( ss? ))
....
silvershipper)
(( Oh, silver shipper ))
good night Saigneur
There arent any cameras in the rooms or bathrooms of course)
(( Honestly, I might seriously consider it. ))
this character is epic <3
(( Especially if it was ponies inhabiting it. ))
its night time were you guys live its still day time here
I think the communal living would be pretty fun
05,15Nah it's still afternoon her
05,15here*
/me is away: Stepped out.
fluttercry: same
someone find me a pinkie pie with a ponytail...idk if it works out but cant seem ta google it
Except that he's more like The Vision than Batman
And many more would probably commute to hang out
And you're more like that one nerd from Static Shock
CriticKitten: Dem referances.
they need to make more episodes with luna
Otherwise, totally the same.
whos with me
Meanwhile: :3
Back)
((wb Birdy ))
xMLPxREACTORx: Nah. Luna had to much screen time. I think Twilight needs more :P
/me pokes Buttercup_Cream ))
JK!
/me exits his room, yawning wide; his mane a mess.
"There no one will jind me now."
hell na shes one of the main six
o
I was joking! :d
"And everytime I had a dream with this kid in it, I heard this loud tuba music...."
Oh, yeah. Sorry.)
/me Never dreams anymore :(
good bye everyone
Bye Pelagius
Can we just stop there for now?)
/me wants to order a Shadowbolts shirt from welovefine, but the site's crashed.
((Sure))
Gonna go afk for a bit)
whos derpy hooves i am probly gonna get a lot of hate for asking this
I have three in my cart but the site keeps refusing to load. :(
xMLPxREACTORx: Fandom mascot.
((Okay. See you when you get back then))
o
/me goes to the bathroom, showering to clean himself off and keep his well kempt aptude up.
RAWRity: I don't have any pony shirts at all. But yeah the site is ded :(
xMLPxREACTORx: The gray wall-eyed pegasus with a blond mane.
that would be a problem, RAWRity. also, hi.
Hiro
i want shit say i am brony and proud
Ponies47: hopefully they ge the site back on before 9PM EST, or they extend the 4th of july sale.
In dat photo photo
Bronies crashing WeLoveFine. Just like how we crashed Bandcamp
...
Wrong channel
xMLPxREACTORx: What?
Horn Rimmed glasses!!!!
because DAMMIT I want that t-shirt
05,15There's a sale on WeLoveFine?
i ment a shirt
fluttercry: 25% off MLP stuffs.
fluttercry: yep. 25% all pony Merch
RAWRity: Yeah. I know about the sale problem is I'm with mah dad right now and he still doesn't know I'm a brony :S
hi all
05,15THEY BETTER GET THAT SITE BACK ON
http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1341428349212.png
Too bad I'm broke.
fluttercry: Yes but the site is ded
Why can't I hold all this d'aww?
well hi
05,15Also...steam sale...will it happen?
tht's convenient
it's not supposed to be Bob ???
the builder
/me meanwhile leaves the parlor, heading to the bathroom herself... she hadn't really showered before getting a drink, it was time to do that.
lol
nope, Band Of Brothers
seriously, that's some damn good timing with that post
o
Holla back
fluttercry: It IS happening, isn't it? Try scrolling down.
Earthworm Jim is 60% off for the next 18 hours.
i hear it will be broadcast today on BS
wish me luck im going to the Dolan memebase section
Earthworm Ping
05,15nah Valve usually has a huge Summer Sale
Jim: Ohai.
Ohai!
i wonder if i told my girl i love mlp she dump me
Yay Jim! :)
Guy is best friend
fluttercry: Right below the Earthworm Jim thing, they have a bunch of games.
Dr Surresh's book
Also, accidental pinging of Jim is accidental.
^_^
LOL
xMLPxREACTORx if she dumps you for that, she isn't worth it.
PAWNCH
DAMN
Flat out like a bitch
LOL
thnks
YEAH PUNCH
LIKE A BAWDS
/me turns the knob, letting the cold water fall out and onto his head.
Yes!
*BAWS
ABOUT TIME
FALCON PUNCH!
Oh hey, a Command & Conquer: Red Alert 3 is 75% off.
05,15Kammerjunk that's just midweek madness. The summer sale is MASSIVE
I liked that game.
DAD IS DOING WRONG HERE
SHUT
Vordox: hes trying to save her
fluttercry: S'pose so. But oh well. I always end up broke on Summer Sale, anyway.
twilight_sprinkle: He can't read women
me two but my favorite is halo
But seriously, guys. http://images.4chan.org/mlp/src/1341428349212.png IT'S SO D'AWW.
Vordox: ah in that way, yeah he could have done that better
pWNED
*Pwned
I love ponies with ponytails :3
Jim: It does look rather good.
....he knows.
:|
every pony has tails
/me adjusts the water... eventually stepping in, the cold water actually barely on, liking a VERY hot shower. She bathes, humming something to herself as she does so.
xMLPxREACTORx: o u
The kid sees all
He probably knows she burried 5 guys in the desert
XD
Probably.
05,15I heard Command & Conquer Red Alert 1 and 2 were freeware
hey guys, what about Band of Brothers !?!
fluttercry: :O
05,15I don't know where I'd get it or how I'd make it run though
hai everypony
HIYA EVERYPONY
hai Bronysith
never seen it or playedit
Hey Bronysith
fluttercry: They're *very* popular games. Someone somewhere will have a patch for them.
BINGO
IshBestPony: too late
fluttercry: You could buy C&C The First Decade from most stores for about 20 bucks, it has those two games and more
Bronysith but whyyyyyy :(
when is band of brother pleeeeeeeeeeeassssssse
we all seen that season of Heroes
hey if you guys went to ponyville what would you do
/me shivers as the water reaches his coat. He looks into the water with a smile as he is almost feeling his refreshing state increase.
05,15I need to stop myself. I should finish Diablo 3 before I hit other things up.
that kids superpower is trolling
xMLPxREACTORx: Move intoPOnyville and just live day by day
Ando realises
Bang
6 months.
Jeezus
o.o
what are we watching?
Heroes
Clack.
O_o my stream stopped when he picked up the photo - Troll Stream :O
hmm
lol
well, Haku only showed up to see whats up
cya later
Geek rescue
i would try to find a spell to transform me to a alicornkill celist and free discord and night mare moon
/me soaps himself all over, creating a shiny gleam tobhis coat and mane. He steps out and barely dries off, the air cooling him further.
Zach, the possibly gay not-boyfriend
to rule the world
Haha, the grounded has been doubled!
I dunno, depends on the anime. :P
:|
Nope
And then after the dance, secks mebbe
Pokemon. :>
05,15Anybody want to play L4D2?
anyone up for l4d2 vs
But seriously I haven't watched that many
13maybe.. but later
^
hey ponies,when is BoB steamed ?
bye every pony have a nice day
/me checks for the newsletter
CriticKitten: hey i've got super powers, and this is crazy, but after the prom, same me maybe?
might regret having boneitis too
*save
Hoshet
RAWRity: XD
/me rubs herself with the soap, hot and wet, getting alllll slippery, relaxed and enjoying herself... eventually rinsing off and drying herself, then taking a brush to her mane and tail
Never heard of it CountDoofus
CriticKitten: THAT TERRIBLE SONG WILL NEVER LEAVE YOUR MIND NOW
(It's hentai)
Oh
05,15Tentacles?
No Hentai links!
Clearly I've not seen enough hentai to know where this is going
hmm but he was wit hfuture hiro
I don't see any links.
fluttercry: all of the tentacles
if peter was with future hiro, cant he bend time-space?
Peter gon' die
lol
Olook. Welovefine is back
"It's okay if I die. I get re-incarnated as Spock"
PWNED
RAWRity: Deathu gurippu Spocku
WAIT
HE CAN TRANSCEND SPACE CONTINUITY!?!?!??!
Are you bucking kidding me?!?!?
Who, Hiro?
He can project...
05,15So Hiro=timelord?
Hiro is the next Doctor
Hiro would be an awesome Doctor.
AttackPony: cant be
AttackPony: he aint british acotr
Project Space and continuity.
actor
whats on?
wut r dis?
Heroes
Bronysith: we'll make an exception, just this once
Instead of Allons-Y, it'd be YATTA
AttackPony: nope
you know, I wonder how long Dr. Who will have to go on before they get a non-white doctor?
Everyone in this show is a double crossing douche
05,15Why do you sound japanese? lots of planets have a japan
Meanwhile: "in nic cage face" YOu dont say
05,15.....that didn't work as well as it did in my head
XD
o.o
Dad's a prick
Erryone's a prick
these heroes need to wathc mlp fim
^
Entire team is pricks.
then everyone would be happy
I dunno, the kid just goes to you in your dreams and shows you stuff
Hello. What are we watching?
he be troll
Heroes
So who are the heroes in this show, when they're all dicks? XD
Peter and Hiro aren't pricks yet. But, eh...
PASSWORD IS PASSWORD
Batman
The password is Batman
you want an entire team of pricks? Read Deadman Wonderland. Every character in that show is some kind of asshole/murderer/sociopath/all 3
/me walks to a mirror and starts brushing his teeth, adjusting his mane some more. When he is done he shrugs, smiling and not caring that he forgot his shirt. "Ah well...." he gives a big shake, still wet though.
dead daughter's name
password is swordfish
AWESOME HACKZOR SKILLZ MAAHHHHHHHN
Password is Ponies
oooh swordfish
the password is Indiana Jones
Ohai Bronysith :P
RAWRity: snakes...
Shit's about to go down methinks
RAWRity: whyd it have to be snakes
dari: but can he download a car?
inb4 he gets shot from behind.
CHEERLEADER
human genome project has dna of everypony on planet, and their address.
OH GOD
Look out, we've got a badass over here!
No one has enough hard drive space to downlaod the car. :<
05,15you wouldn't download a pizza would you?
Meanwhile: with 3D printing technology, one day we WILL be able to download a car.
What is this?
fluttercry: i download all the cookies
Fuck I'd download a pizza so hard right now
He's just creepy.
I would if I'm hungry enough
I wolud
*would
I'd not only download it, I'd then copypasta it
I'd download a certain pony in the chat.
claires dad is an assholes
05,15You wouldn't download Emma Stone
ctrl + c, ctrl + v ALL the pizza
AttackPony: noooo don't download me i dont fit thu the pipes!
fluttercry: i download all the ship fics
oh
"Dude, can I borrow your car?" "Sure, I'll mail it to you."
nvm
hen3ry: lol not you. Somepony else :D
dat buffer
NYEEEEEH BUFFER
i also got buffer
BUFFERRRRRRRRR
BUFFERIN'
BUFFFFFFFFFFFEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRR
when is band of brother ???????
Back yet?
he dies when he watches G3
....
Saigneur: after this
Yup
dari: nope
Tic
Yup.
ya
Toc
just as well, i dont have maid clothes anyway would require two downloads
YE
05,15Everyone whines about G1 and G3...but what about G2?
do u mean in 10 minuteS ?
we dont talk about G2
fluttercry: wasnt it basically g1 with more teechnology?
Told
BBBFF?
They used to be BSBFF
Dayum: http://cosplayers.acparadise.com/73005/9cff05a4072980d1760b1261e6a504e4.jpg
/me brushes her teeth, uses some mouthwash, and finally leaves the restroom after that.
BITCH GOT TOLD
wouldn't it be Co-Captain, BFF so CCBFF?
BaconMane you there ?
RAWRity: ... "pomf"
Oh dear
Telling of the century RIGHT HERE
Shit's about to go down
....
Oh SHIT
yay
uhoh
inb4 ALL DIES
shit going down
also, what dari said
0,5uh huh
use the force sylar
sylar !!!!!!!!!!
INCOMING SYLAR
DONE FOR
Well she's dead.
GORIEST SCENE EVER!!!!!!!!
Stupid bitch. she never listens
AttackPony: thats why they die
tic tac
o.o
tic tac tic tac
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
0,5xD
mechanism
0,5That is funny
GOT BUCKED
/me glomps Meanwhile
He pulled her skullcap off.
GO CLAIRE GO HURRY
now Sylar has ability to be prissy
DECAPITATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hen3ry: SPOILER
/me kicks Bronysith "Off."
:O !!!!!
gah.
Oh and who ever said that high school jerks don't get their comeuppance?
/me leaves the colts room, small smile on his face with his head held up; eyes closedvand content.
hes too cool to run
ded
NO
DO NOT STOP
0,5Thank you so much TheGreatAndPowerfulT
0,5:3
GET THE FUCK OUT OF THERE
NOW
dafuq i was on memebase and suddenly i hear a girl doing horny sounds lol
BaconMane :D
dat vader
he can't kill her she had unlimited regen life
telekenesis?
dat bith has hax
08,01british bronies of bronystate!
or maybe he can :3
08,01i have wonderful news
oh my god... HE'S THE RED MAN!
dat scream
LOL STOCK SCREAM
08,01i have just acquired 5 free BUCK tickets
OH shit the amphiteather
08,01that i can give away to any of you
08,01so long as you promise to actually use them
they come with a plane ticket ?
On the plus side, I was able to convince my parents to take me to Canterlot Gardens
British only?
why dopesnt he just fly her?
would take but London is long drive from Nevada
I wish i could come...
GO !
FUCK
o.o
I won't be able to use it
he can't fly unless his brother is close
when is BUCK?
ded
08,01August 18th and 19th in Manchester
hes alive
LOL
he was just close to the regenerator , he'll be fine
((Hi Lore ))
LOL
OH FFS DARI YOU ARSHOLE
looooooool
DUN DUN DUUUUUN
08,01CountDoofus: don't have to be british, but do have to be in britain for the con
Dat gopher.
he copied the cheerleader's pwer
On the down side howevere, I'll have to fly with my mother
called it
08,01okay, well
dat well-timed music sting
riiiiite
Hi jj ))
08,01if you want free tickets, pm me
he is... xerox man!
he got her powers
I wonder how much the trip from France would cost
._.
cheerleader acctualy is Dolan
Done For?
And we're both terrified of heights
His power is like a mirror of powers near him.
sylar=parasitism peter=commensalism
/me looks down the hall and sees Birdy also just getting out of the shower, trotting his way with a smile. "Good morning."
08,01oh, we're watching Heroes?
Hmm... can't guarantee I can make it, so I'll step back. Thanks for the offer, though :D
Eeyup
btw hen3ry peter flied during that hospital scene without his brother
Wow, £105
((Wanna rp Lore ?))
one-way
twilight_sprinkle: I thought that was a dream?
Save The Cheerleader
Save The World
$79 a NIGHT to go to Ohio
God damnit
SHIT
hen3ry: oh, maybe, idk. weird dream
Save Nicole ffs
To stay in Ohio I mean
wildcats? every fucking school has wildcats as their fcking pet
cachi01: Not mines.
05,15StinkomanFan lol you should have seen the rates in NY
AttackPony: i mean the tv ones lol
WHOA
Dat Ambush
SLENDY DAT YOU?
Rates in Midtown Manhattan started at $180
cachi01: Yeah. i don't know what the signifigance is with that, either
http://i.imgur.com/r1Ptk.png Here, have a d'aww.
It's free.
....
Ooooooh
JEDI MIND TRICK FTW
Suggestion powers!!!
SHE'S A JEDI
And then I have to fly there, and the local airport is so shitty it doesn't give any ticket prices
Mentally influence powers. Great.
AttackPony: already said it
inb4 lightsaber?
She's hot, just saying
HAITIAN
HORRY SHIT
Bronysith: right outta my mouth
the force is srtong with this one
(( nah, im good atm ))
strong*
They caught Sylar? o.o
LAWL
RAWRity: best kind of cute
/me turns to her,opening one eye with a smile, "Ah, nice seein ya here" he walks to her and meets her halfway, nuzzling her with his cold body; contrasted tobthe warmth of hers.
Plus I might miss the first day for "School"
EASY TO CAUGHT A POWERFULL SERIAL KILLER
CriticKitten: Oh yeah they did
With a couple of words
/me huggles Lore
This guy is best hero
RAWRity: dat cosplay
But....isn't he like the major bad guy?
And now he's already caught? o.o
PartyCannon: He can project Space Continuity. :D
/me shivers a little and blushes a bit, giggling, her own actually hotter than normal with the shower she just took. "Nice seeing you too... you like pretty cold showers it seems."
(i'd rp but im hidden)
Well
We'll see how it goes
hiro is the real hero
hiro is best hero
OH BOY
HERE WE GO
Uh oh.
for a smart kid, youre surprisingly stupid
/me is huggled by ReticentSmolder ))
What is this???
DAMN YOU SUMICA
YOU BASTARD
HEAD SHOT
XD
lol
:D
LOOOOOOOOOL
BOOM HEADSHOT
Speaking of which when is Batman going to go catch The Zodiac Killer?
BACK WITH HIRO!
"I forgot to tell you, your mom's a crazy ax murderer who will rape our corpses."
dat Hiro :3
<3
oh come on, hiro at the end?<.<
Why everything taking the words out my mouth today????
Hiro is best pony.
everyone*
Seriously Batsy, 40 YEARS
dat end
the streamer is an epic streamer, YAY
back and its like 2 o clock in the mornin
LAST?! NOOOOOO
next episode hiro eats WAFFLES!
Almost, dari. Almost.
so one more? :p
Daaamn
actually, everypony went "uh... to be continued! fffffuuuuuu-"
aw
what the actual...
more sound while the series
Aw come on!
a lot of hiro in it??? we need to watch it!
double the fun
05,15Well at least it didn't cut to black in mid sen
yeah, but still!
It has a lot of Hiro and we're leaving it?
Laaaame
Underponys new song - Tara Strong has a nice badonkadonk
BAND OF BROTHER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10PM EDT
\o/
Meanwhile: Calm down, dear. You're getting rustled
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJKNrVQf7gE&feature=g-u-u
wtf
it starts when Sumica shows up.
My rustles are jimmied.
2AM I think
1AM in france go dammit i work in 7 hours, please BoB
Yaaaay
05,15How does one unrustle their jimmies?
don't let your Moustache get russled.
OH COME ON :s
fluttercry: I have to manualy reset the jimmies
WLF is seriously dead.
It's my full time job, people mail me their jimmies
Saigneur: take a nap and wake up later for movie
fluttercry: watch ponies
CountDoofus: i like your name ^^ dofus is my fav game
LOL
Wat.
Watman?
Wat.tv
WHAT! :[
Saigneur: It's a game? :O
dofus is an awesome MMORPG
WHUUUUT
previously
/me nods slowly into her, "Mmmhmmm. Keeps me relaxed and fresh...You like them hot, ah assume?" He is almost leaning on her, obviously enjoying her warmth.
you know what's much more frustrating than that?
Saigneur: /)
turn turn turn
oh wait
turn, turn, turn
it's typically french, it's looks like anime , but it's very good, fun and long to end ^^
Deadman Wonderland's getting amazing and it's now on indefinite hiatus because god apparently hates me.
I'm sweet!
hello everypony
hi LightningDashFast
Yes you are
Hello, LightningDashFast
Hey hey hey LightningDashFast :P
future hiro is when pinkie grew the beard.... pinkie would look silly with a beard!
so what going on this Independence Day?
:)
LightningDashFast: Noting much. Me I'm home alone :P
I'm off everypony.
Suddenly party hat.
Night
Cya EggWhite
Nighty EggWhite
EggWhite: G'night! :)
night EggWhite
to bad we couldnt watch the movie independence day
night, EggWhite
Later EggWhite :)
Time Paradox!
Meanwhile with clockman
SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK
/) Bronysith
dari: yo.
it's doesn't look like BoB
sylar?
BrOnyxia: You got it
hai everyone
hai OneTrickPony
Ponies47: technically it is man
Hey OneTrickPony :)
Ponies47: AND INTELLIGENCE IS FOR THE DUMB
hi OneTrickPony!
Ponies47: you get weak during the day and need to got ot sleep
hes killin too much tho
hey AttackPony, Ponies47, and cachi01
cachi01: :P
wut are we watching?
:D
inb4 Sylar is hitler
Good guy Sylar
OneTrickPony: Heroes
Gabriel.
oh
Bronysith: You don't wanna know how late I stay up :p
^
its like 2 for me
xD
Is this Band of Brothers?
no
StinkomanFan: Yeah sure.
heroes
BrOnyxia: pfffft. Only 2:00 AM?
Lol Meanwhile
DAMNIT MODS
Band of Heroes? :P
Ponies47: mornin ye
ALL THE FLASHBACKS!
what's his power again?
xD
StinkomanFan: no heroes :s
Imagine Hiro Nakamura running around in WW2.
Reading minds
one day i woke up at 8:00 AM and went to sleep till 6:00 AM
ah
BrOnyxia: I see. :p
:facepalm:
i want band of brothers plz
hiro in BoB = cheat
i invited some friends so that happens
yesterday i stayed up untill 3:30
O_O
shoot her
but anyway
Mmm donuts
SHE'S A SITH
shoot... i'm out of donuts.
Mmm MMMM
sw much?
EEEVVVVIIILLLLL!!!!
:(
I haven't had a donut in a while :p
HAITIAN
EVIIIIIIIIIIIIIIL!!
if I had that power I'd totally do that tho.
FUC
X
if i had that power i would make dirty things
i luv her :D
wait she was ded
Comisserate
cachi01: XD
Rule of being a Cheerleader, duh!
Prick: this is 6 months before the last ep
/me turns to her,opening one eye with a smile, "Ah, nice seein ya here" he walks to her and meets her halfway, nuzzling her with his cold body; contrasted tobthe warmth of hers.
O_O
shit just got real
real just got shit
....oh no
/me likes real shit
xD
what abour Bob ???? ><
lol
t*
BRB
No no October.
LAWL HIRO
TAI PINCH
xD
XD
lunch for a t-rex lol
Hiro is Pinkie with Twi's neuroticism.
dat faic lol
Happy bathday :)
that's his "oh shit" face
pinchi desu
lol
Hi Nickey.
Ni Nikki
i want Band of Brothers
....if Hiro does go back in time and fight a T-Rex....
DAT aa
pweese
me too...
I swear, this show will be the best thing
Band of Brothers isn't for a while yet
dat AA
so when ?
ugh who cares what happen 6 monthes ago, thats in the past no one cares :$
oh when is it then?
CriticKitten: Hmm, mebbe
hiro needs to find the spell from the canterlot tower
Happy Anniversaray! ^_^ Drinks all arou- oh wait O_o
Yeah... *presses up against his side, giving another little shiver but staying that way, smiling softly*
Dari: .....no wai.
Cypresswolf: XD
Prick: u know the past is fucking important in this series right?
nope :3
tomorrow ?
Prick: it is lol
MFW HEROES
LadyCanary!
Dari: You're not serious. o.o
/me hugs LadyCanary
<3
Canary!
Zachary Quinto <3 <3 <3
Haio LadyCanary
i ran over 37 babies yesterday, but who cares it's in the past!
:D
hiya LadyCanary!
hai LadyCanary
hi LadyCanary!
Allo LadyCanary.
Hey LadyCanary :)
CriticKitten: We'll see. :>
:3 A dari hug? Oh my goodness~
/me tackles LadyCanary! But gently.
hello everybody
hen3ry: lol
hi acs26!
LadyCanary: Feeling better?
Hi acs26 :P
How're you doing? Better I hope? :(
Also, I saw the pictures from bronycon. OH MY GOD DAT LAUREN FAUST AUTOGRAPH
I screamed
11,02Dat LadyCanary :D
SB64!!!!!!!
11,02!!
OMG
/me returns to the mansion as he sneaks around to relax
"I just thought it'd be my daughter"
Dari: If....if that happens....this is the best show. Period.
hey SuperBrony64 :D :D
hey SuperBrony64
(~*SuperBrony64*~) :)
I'm feeling a bit better, thanks AttackPony. Could be better, but good.
11,02Hai BrOnyxia :3
Dat SuperBrony64. :D
11,02Ponies47: Silly :P
hiya SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64: VERY :p
11,02All the wub /)^3^(\
where can i get Band of Brother in Original version ???
Of coarse you getwub. Your SuperBrony64 :)
We could be watching Attack of the Show right now
So awesome /)^3^(\
Also, I found a picture of Saxy, Scoots, and other brony's at the convention. Who else was in the picture?
oh hai LadyCanary
I really wish I could of gone to bronycon :(
RAWRity!!!!!! <3
lol
so much love goin on
ikr
D:
/me sighs with a smile. He looks into her eyes with a soft, listless , and warm stare. "Prism ......." he coos
....FOJISDHNFSDKFJSD IS THAT QUINTO
OH MY GOD SHIRO, RAWRity <3 She's so cute.
LadyCanary: nope, Shiro from Deadman Wonderland
who is that
omg
looks like its sylar..
Hello
I know who it is silly filly RAWRity ^^"
OH LOOk Shiro. <3
Tic toc
I have no idea who Shiro is.
Birdy... *leans against him softly, staring back into his eyes, relaxing herself, quite happy and content to nestle to his side*
BrOnyxia: look up Deadman Wonderland.
Tic toc
If Zachary Quinto wasnt gay, I would do very nasty things to him. ;3
Is this Smallville?
Nice to know.
:3
What is this?
important Gabriel is importan
Hai LadyCanary! *waves*
important*
FanCamp: Heroes
Unnr! Hi!
Ew.
RAWRity: ic but who is in the pic?
HAITIAN
lol'
HEY! what are we watcing?
Disgusting
Ah, thanks.
heroes
NOW!
Heroes.
hiya LadyCanary
what?
Heroes.
wtf
Chrysalis!! :3
RAWRity: that picture creeps me out...
Howdy y'all!
But yeah, I read through DMWL last night. WHY DID IT HAVE TO GO ON HIATUS? CURSE YOU MANGAKA AND YOUR PREGNANCY
cant he time travel?
TIME RIIIFT
MASI OKA!!!!!! <3
uh oh
shes so
GREATO SCOTTO
cute
:D
greato scott
Greatu Scottu
Spocku.
:D
Unnr: You should see the character it's of. She's like the embodiment of adorable and creepy at the same time.
Wait...Detective test...
Livu longu und prosperu desu
That o....oh crpa
LadyCanary: needs moar desu
ALL OF THE DESU, DESU~ UGU
hes gonna fail
Lawl
jk
oh my~
"Hallo wazzup"
o.o
http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/home_organization.png
:[ Confidence!
He has a geek for her?
Happy bathday :)
wait
RAWRity: best
/me blinks slowly, "Ah.....well ..." he blushes.
Ah lurv eet
bukkake is all you need to know
Wait...
...Oh. Hello Jayma Mays. =_=
SHIT
dat bathday
NOW, is it Band of Brothers? Or is that in an hour?
....GAME OVER: You've created a time paradox!
so he got her a book, that she memorized, when she met hiro for the first time
did I get that?
:D WAHHH!!!!! IT'S me and Shizu and Rain and Viiiii!!!!!!!! WAHH!
I wish I had a memory like that
Shit gone down
Hiro
Fucking badass
Hiro is best pony.
when is BoB ???? please answer, i need to know
dat magician
Damn right, dari
dang, I missed The Girl Who Leapt Through Time.
Swoff: at 10pm EDT?
lol
13canary canary~<33333
LadyCanary Glad you like it :3
XD
Dat Shizuka :P
JESSICA
which means ? (i'm in GMT +2)
/me glomps the girls :p
HORRY SHIT
WAIT
WAWTF?T
A
Suddenly swallows and dragons.
Now can anyone guess her power?
JESSICIA?A!?!?!
jessica
Ooooh
Shizu Shizu <3
lives inside yo
piss
OMFG TEMPORAL GHOST POSSESION POWER
FUCK
dari: She's a mental siamese?
ears
/me walks by Birdy and Prismwind in the hall giggling as he does
Meanwhile: Pretty much
pillows
Woo, what do I win?
Mine sounds better. :P
but cliché
bark
woof
/me kisses him, then blushes as Nelaj walks by, watching him. "...yes?"
I just came here what is this ?
Quack
meow
butter
toast
Heroes
pootis
...
Poot poot!
/me looks to Prismwind "Nothing. Just passing through."
Oy Dari
btw, I found this and squeed everywhere: http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6e4uaI5Ub1r0dt51o1_500.jpg
You want something good? :P
Spy
spammin random words tha make no sense that me :d
23 in S1
23 left?!
RAWRity: Who's OC is that?
/me blushes deeper, cutting a sarcastic glance at Nelaj.
Shuting up now
No, in total
Ok, Will do something brb Dari. You'll like this =P
Sorry
pomf
Road Rage
/me Zips mouth shut
Dat tailgating
RAWRity: SANDMAN!!!!!
....
Wtf
;o
What a muppet.
she ded
shit
No wonder he doesn't like his powers.
O_O WTF!
AttackPony: not an OC. it's a ponified version of "Death of the Endless" from Sandman
looks like his planet needed him
RAWRity: Ohh.
what we watching?
/me giggles again "Anyway. I'll let you two be alone. Don't get too crazy. K?"
LadyCanary: what's better, it's by one of the artists who worked for the Sandman series back in the day!
:O Wow!!
hiya Darkts3|Drawing|MLG
heroes
watchin
Ohai Darkts3|Drawing|MLG :P
and also hi
hi
We won't... in the hallway. *giggles, blushing still*
Chat is ded :(
Shhh, chat is sleeping.
Dari do you have DP?
DP?
Oh god his voice <3
((Hi Ret ))
origami? srsly? omg
Fucking Hiro
Is a boss
^
hey Ret)
._.
lol I've been here (in spirit?) no on my phone
thats only 946.
that mustve taken forever
that boss
<3 Awwwwwwww!
Ohh
Nope
yar
/me is still blushing, but chuckles nervously.
Lovey dovey feels.
I threw your spirit out the window )
(that wasn't very nice)
inb4 pairing
Yep, sometime I will
Und dann shipping happened.
Hmm, the newsletter is still for last week?
(nono it was a gentle toss)
I wish I had the power to stop time - also, where did he learn how to type up an airline ticket?
(i tossed very gingerly)
still)
lol
ha
"Healthy"
I thought if i threw gently it would make it all better! D:
I read that with the voice from two best firends
back
CountDoofus: FAVED!
Wait a second...whos the bald dude with Quinto
YFW Sylar actually does have a power
Oh hey isn't Sylar the dude from Chuck?
To start with
13TheGreatAndPowerfulT: http://fav.me/d5649f7 I APPROVE :3
Who will stream Band of Brothers?
Nope
LadyCanary: souresh's father, i thinkl
wat?
sumica I think
STOP HAMMER TIME
Yeah, Sumica
lol the internet is already broken
Dark_Horst: Yes, but the actor's name
Und dann kid broke the internet in half.
Ok, brb
dunno
netsplit oncoming, clearly
bu i think i saw him before
Shizuka <3 :3
13canary canary~<#
13roses for canary and trixie~
:3 Shizu Shizu~
O_O
http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/486432_469828583046126_963879412_n.jpg
10k for a computer? seriously?
That dude is weird.
2k
he wubbed that computer...
be back later )
http://derpy.me/QBEO6
....
XD
RAWRity: Clever.
What'd the dude do?
RAWRity: Oh U
GOOD NIGHT EVERYPONY ! take care of swoff, and make him join the herd
/me nuzzles Birdy's cheek, smiling shyly.
Night Saigneur :)
night, Saigneur
Nighty night, Saigneur!
o.o
pikorar !!!! pikorar !!! YAY
/me Pokes Swoff
It begins
DED
Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
pokes pikorar
Hi Saigneur.
/me hugs Ponies47
/me Hugs Saigneur :)
oh dear
join the herd ? o_o
Jessica is strong. >.>
god no !
I hope WeLoveFine extends their promo. Still haven't managed to place my order, and I really need to go to bed.
Jessica must've had super strength. O.o
Hello everypony!
hai Loquacious_Brony
o_o
LadyCanary!
Haio Loquacious_Brony
/me flings CriticKitten some chicken.
Bitch be crazy.
Hai :3
Hi Deceptive_Cadence ^^
Or maybe Niki did, and Jessica had the power to....go into her sister's head....?
Gentlemen... Behold! http://i.imgur.com/r1Ptk.png
I'm new to this site.
/me passes by Birdy and whispers to him "Make sure you invite me to the weading when it happens." he giggles as he walks away
LadyCanary: Were you at Bronycon?
/me Eyes turn into hypnotized eyes "Join us Swoff join us"
/me noms some chicken
RAWRity: I counter with where is that from?
YEAH POKES Swoff AGAIN ! he likes it xD
it's that a kind or religion ?
^^
Meanwhile: cosplay of Shirp from Deadman Wonderland.
CriticKitten: NO! Scootaloo! :(
RAWRity: Never heard of it.
Anything I should know to get started?
Loquacious_Brony: Well, well, well! In that case, allow me to welcome you to the BronyState Mental Asylum and Entertainment Center! Please leave your sanity in the designated Sanity Disposal Bin and proceed into the next room for your strait jacket.
oooooohhhh Beeyyyyiiittchh
Suddenly Nyria
wut
Meanwhile: you should go read it. Really good manga.
Swoff i let u won at the bowling, don't disapointed me !
Swoff: Join us. Join us @_@
join the herd :D
RAWRity: Direct me to someplace I might do that and yeah I'll give it a whirl.
does't it involved to eat ponies ?
Meanwhile: mangahere.com
Oh Kammerjunk, we have a new patient?
O_O *hides chicken wings from Ponies47*
ponies with mint sauce, could be great
StinkomanFan: Yes, we do!
morning sex
Sacks.
08,01sex?
XD
Swoff: You will join us and love and tolerate us and ponies @_@
morning sex and eggs. wut?
Thank you Kammerjunk, but that boat left ages ago. My sanity is gone, but i'm still an all around nice guy once you get to know me and all.
I'll bring'em to Nurse Ratched
Morning sex? This sounds like a decent wife to me. >_>
08,01indeed
Loquacious_Brony: Then I'm certain you'll fit in like a glove.
Cypresswolf: Poor Scootaloo :(
CriticKitten: she likes to be the pitcher unfortunately
08,01actually, in all seriousness, i don't have anything on hilight
how it taste, roaster ponies ?
08,01except my name
hm k
08,01and it makes no audible ping
Kammerjunk: Thank you. I look forward to what Bronyism can do for me and what I can do for Bronyism.
SAigneur, bug, can't speak with you
Been a while since I used this nick
:) Don't worry, Ponies47, none of these chickens had hooves
Swoff: Join the herd @_@
RAWRity: It's too late at night for me to start reading but I've saved the page.
Cypresswolf: Good :)
it's kind creepy
lol
....Hiro gets all the wimminz
08,01Kammerjunk: my phone makes a pinkie pie "boing" noise when i get a tet
Meanwhile: cool. I started reading yesterday, didn't stop til 4 am
08,01*text
...
WHAAAT?!
wait BRB
and he smiles o_o
._.
Anypony know a good IRC client for Mac?
Ouch.
CAN SOMEPONY HELP ME HERE WITH Swoff!
She ALMOST said it correct...
Loquacious_Brony: yeah, it's called not buying mac
wat
What Ponies47 ?
When I get a text, my phone vibrates.
I'm so interesting.
noooo
....
wat
NOW KISS
XD
damnit RAWRity beat me to it
RAWRity: Love and tolerate, my friend.
ScootaChicken :D :D
Loquacious_Brony: I recently got a Samsung Galaxy S3, but when I had an iPhone, I had an app called "XChat", I think. Maybe it's available on Mac as well.
Bad luck Hiro.
Before he got his powers....
Vordox: Swoff must become one with the herd @_@
dont you just hate it when that happens
Ponies47: Let him take his time
....poor Hiro. ;_;
Loquacious_Brony: it's not about hating. it's about Mac having terrible practices when it comes to 3rd party software
/me of course has her head right up next to Birdy's and hears that, turning apple red.
Kammerjunk: thank you.
Wait...
/me pets CriticKitten.
How can he jump back when he's supposed to jump forward to get back with powers that he did not have
i dunno why he'S worried, he travels thorught ime, he coudl always go back whenerver he'd like
Oh Zachary Quinto <3 <3
WTF SCREENWRITERS?!?!?!?
and what about Pony and eggs, at breakfast
WHY MUST YOU BE GAY ;3;
RAWRity: Thank you, but I didn't ask for your opinion on the Mac. I asked for a good IRC client.
08,01LadyCanary: wait
08,01LadyCanary: he's gay?
Get in.
just watched Ponies The Anthology II. Awesome.
oh dear
08,01i must... i need to... i have some things... i'll brb
/me is almost redder than her "Ah....uh...." he just takes her ifnto a deep, passionate kiss.
Dat herdmind.
(/ RAWRity
sylar is like voldemort
so what are we watching?
Ok I'll leave Swoff alone :P
08,01news headline: Zackary Quinto kidnapped by indian chap with pink hair
/) Chrysalis
I have to go see ya guys later :)
Bey OneTrickPony
._.
EVOLUTION; MOTHERFUCKER
and that's how sylar began
bye OneTrickPony
nomnomnom
bye OneTrickPony
actually, "How sylar began" would be us seeing his parents fuck.
dari: So Sylar has the power of...understanding? Engineering?
:D
You got it Meanwhile, his power is understanding how things work
....
shit
So he understands how the powers work
Meanwhile: Apparently the power to nom brains too. O.o
The power to learn
And therefore can take them
dari: And I understood that.
waiiiiit
/me looks at the two giggling "I'll be going now..." he slowly walks away but trys to see the whole kiss
Therefore I am Sylar.
wasnt dr saresh supposed to be dead?
I am...
Dr Surresh is ded
an dhiro
:(
Someone who uses the /nick command too much.
/me scratches CriticKitten behind the ears.
Some of these scenes are in the past
/me cries forever
/me purrs softly.
O_O Wait...I think I get whats going on...those eyebrows
NOT DOCTOR SUESS D:
/me 13takes LadyCanary away~
There we go.
Now I feel safe again.
Shizu, where are you taking meeeee
/me Sits on rump
Idk what to do :P
imgur why must you be goofing on me?
what does the haitian do?
Maybe at some point Vordox
/me hugs everypony :3
There's been enough to work out the Haitian's ability
Vordox: Peter is inexperienced and he works like a mirror, sylar works like an upgrade system and he's had a lot of practice.
At least partly
Dark_Horst: he supresses powers and wipes minds
Hiro is best hero.
dari: He's a blocker.
now play what is love
I wouldn't be surprised if he can surpress beyond the metaphysical.
/me relaxes a little, then rubs her side against his, tongue soon slipping into his mouth, closing her eyes
Sheep.
Harro everypony ^-^
Allo BroKnee.
Haio BroKnee
oh hey, Twilight Zone marathon on Sci-fi
then he fell down
/me hugs everypony :3
you know... with Shizuka, VioletVanilla, LadyCanary, and Rain, all we need now is Luna :)
DARI VOICE <3
You sound knackered. Night dari.
13http://screensnapr.com/v/SttGfc.png kill me...
/me walks away back to the parlor
o/
Gnight` dari :3
its only 7pm...
nighty dari <3
((Troll zebra. AWAY!))
Thanks dari <3
/me hugs LadyCanary, Shizuka, and Vivi :3
Shizuka: at least you have Rain :)
13rain rain~<3
D: Poor Shizuka <3 OMG RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIN <3
Shizuka: I love that temp >.>
I've been taping Twilight Zone all day & Band of Brothers...might erase my FIM if it runs out of space, but worth it
WARNING ! contains some spoilers http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4xDNrhh1-Q
Rain lawl
Shizuka: looks about the same as my area for the next week
like weather
Shizuka: brb, converting Farenheits to Celcius
oh and hey everyone
its about 40ish I believe
1337C feels like 42
Its 109 here :3
yeah LadyCanary why?
Shizuka: Oh god O_O
It only just stopped raining where I'm at
42 C? ludicrous
13it's all in the humidity
:O I saw some of the pics from it, and I wanna know which one you are in the group pic with Saxy, and Scoots. And if possible the other ones
indeed :3
LadyCanary: He's the secksee one.
13i'm sure there's west US people here that are looking at 108F ish but it's a dry heat out there
13here the air is too thick to cool off
the red hat
it gets the swagger running
LOL
how is everyone? :)
bye everpony !
besides Shizuka being hot... but thats normal :)
11,02RyunosukeKnT: Good ^-^
11,02Later Swoff :)
hi Ryunosuke!
RyunosukeKnT*
It's ~98F here.
o/
/me relaxes, his body warmed by hers. He lets his tongue slip with hers, locking his lips and letting his mouth open some more.
Am so glad I have AC or my poor kitty would be suffering :(
See, it's at times like these that I love living in England
We've had a typical English summer so far
ScootaChicken like what
we got a thunderstorm here
HI EVERYBODY MY CAPSLOCK IS BROKE
same here
LadyCanary: what?
Oh yea
wait
ofc
CriticKitten: same here and all I have is a small fan the size of my two palms put together
i can talk with everything shifted
Happy Fourth of July everybody
Meanwhile: you were at bronycon?
Funfact: I'm hiding somewhere in that picture.
LadyCanary: left to right: Dermathil, Slurry fluttercry, Saxy, me, Scoots
:O THAT'S DERMATHIL?
Bronysith: I live in the UK, whaddya you think?
God that song from the latest FiW is just too catchy
yep
Traditionally, we should be printing out a picture of the Brittish monarch and making a bonfire from it, but fire works do just as well.
like a Canadian Meanwhile
Meanwhile: well that guy has the same stache as you bro
:O So that's what they look like!
Bronysith: Mine's better.
Meanwhile: well looks the same
Badge?
oh
Slurry kinda looks like the Cinema Snob
so Meanwhile would you say its...20% cooler?
LadyCanary: Just wait till BUCK, you get to see all the British peoples as well.
id rather not reveal my name here though :3
Setting fire to Manchester probably.
:3 Yay
Bronysith: Yeah. I would. http://i.imgur.com/Wgi4a.png
Ok. Who here wants to stream Recess?
Actually that pic is old, I shaved my head.
Meanwhile, that's you?
LadyCanary: and here's what I look like: http://i.imgur.com/Z4Iit.jpg
ScootaChicken: but... setting fire to manchester would be an improvement wouldnt it? :)
flutter_spin: I loved that show
That 'stache is boss :D
Or Recess: The Movie!
nice stash
Also LadyCanary http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kMBW34U8_7c#t=104m25s
Ima go for a bit
Meanwhile: mustache!
I have a personal dilema
o____o Oh lawd RAWRity
im a pro crowd surfer XD
See you everypony@
CrimsonPhoenix: No I keep a pic of a random guy i-yes it is.
I would like to see Ed Edd n' Eddy streamed here sometime :)
RyunosukeKnT: Yep.
:p
that stash is boss
I really want a Pinkie Pie hoodie
RAWRity: ....that explains everything
OH LAWD, LOOKS LIKE ITS PICTURE SHARING TIME ON BRONYSTATE
HERE WE GO LADS
Meanwhile: does your grandpa happen to go by the alias of "collonal"?
but its only in girls sizes :(
Oh hey, LadyCanary is back!
:3 Hi RX-78-SweetieBot <3
Dark_Horst: Actually he goes by the alias of Slate Fistcrunch.
Feeling better LadyCanary ?
/me 13ist not hot .-.
RX-78-SweetieBot: A little bit. Not too great, but better. Thanks
Haio RX-78-SweetieBot
Are you cold, Shiz?
13i wish
13
LadyCanary~
Hello CountDoofus
So is Heroes done then?
Wait what happend to LadyCanary?
dat incompatible encoding
Is the stream on?
:D Derpy_Hooves!
Shizuka: what?
hai :3
TheHoodyNinja: My bf broke up with me yesterday :/
Shizuka: wish granted
LadyCanary: ;_;
I should get round to putting my more recent pic up.
I don't know. I'm super close to trying to find a copy of Recess: The Movie online somewhere
LadyCanary: um...im sorry
LadyCanary: I dont mean to be intrusive, but why?
oh boy recess
LadyCanary: im sorry to hear that :<
I LOVED THAT SERIES
you guys seemed so happy together
LadyCanary: sorry to hear that
from what i heard
You were too good for him anyway LadyCanary.
/me 13hugs LadyCanary tight~
TheHoodyNinja: Because he told me he feels chained, he's not ready for a girlfriend, his own reasons. Not me. It's him.
/me group hugs Shizuka with LadyCanary
He needs to get him shit together.
13boys usually do~
give him time
^
hey hey hey
Meanwhile: Thats the second oldest line in the book
Thats what he said.
Shizuka: Dat generalisation.
13:3
-_-
I find that offensive.
Meanwhile: To be fair it's usually true. >.>
:l
13hey boys get to make kitchen jokes at us, we get to make... other jokes at you
:P
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-a9Fzg3ebk best part.
CriticKitten: some of us do not
/me has never made a kitchen joke in his life.
^
LadyCanary: instant feelbetter? http://derpiboo.ru/18271
Shizuka: those guys are disrespectful
^^
cachi01: I know I do!
Meanwhile: Same
speaking of wich, Shizuka, why arent you making dinner?
I pride myself on being unbiased.
CriticKitten: lol
Wait is that the right word?
....Is that the Onceler, Alchemist?
some of us respect ladies
13because you forgot to pay the gas bill
13see how it works? :3
Meanwhile: I'm equally biased against everything. :3
I didnt forget i just didnt remember
LadyCanary, uhm, I dont know who/what Onceler is...
Shizuka: but we use an electric stove...
Alchemist: Oh! From the Lorax
Shizuka: I wonder Shizzy...
"Get back in the kitchen and make me a sandwich"
"Get back in the office and make me some grocery money to make you a sandwich"
Meanwhile: I dont like black people =|
It looks like him LadyCanary
lorax xd
Whatever, I seriously pride myself on judging people by their actions and motive.
Meanwhile: or white people
Shizuka: Have you thought of giving Vivi her own special intro to streaming? =3
Huzzah! Managed to place my order on WLF with the 25% discount code ;)
I dont like anybody really
Uh Oh. I found "The Weekenders"
13but she has one .-.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obdLhRTfDFo&feature=related <- CUTEST DERPY VIDEO I HAVE EVER SEEN! <3 :)
My childhood man!
:O OMG THE WEEKENDERS.
CountDoofus: I'd LIKE TO, but the site refuses to let me get to my cart. ;_;
Shizuka: She does? which?
NO. Pepper Ann <3
yep Ponies47 .
/me goes back to listening to B/W 2 OST
Ponies47,you got the right idea
Ponies47: WITH SOUND!
I have three shirts I want. Damnit, Welovefine, TAKE MY MONEY.
LadyCanary: Sorry, still have no idea :D Just thought the guf was cute and that it would make you a bit warmer inside for a short time ;)
lol Pepper Ann is old-school
and I got that as my screensaver :3
guf=gif
guf
so anyway i have a low quality first person vid of me crowd surfing and a higher quality third person vid of me crowd surfing. your call
Do you have one of them throwing you into a ditch?
crowd surfing lol
Damnit Ponies47 you made my interwebs crash
Meanwhile: unfortunantely no
http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAC974692D4016EBA&feature=plcp uh oh. I'm not going to get sleep, eh?
I think there might be a video of me crowd surfing at the Red Hot Chili Peppers gig...
I can't be bothered to go find it though : P
TheHoodyNinja: Sorry. It was just to cute I had to. I JUST HAD TO! :$
CriticKitten: I had the same problem for hours, but it finally worked for me now. Just keep at it.
buck yeah RHCP ScootaChicken /)
I never got the appeal of crowd surfing. "Ooh, I can make strangers grope me/steal my wallet as they precariously consider dropping me."
ScootaChicken: But noone wants to watch jailbait, Jennifer.
Ponies47: thats ok, just remember to take your cyanide pills :)
What's going on here?
RX-78-SweetieBot: :<
ok? I have no idea what pills you took RAWRity
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g11k2uz7rsE&feature=youtu.be i need a new phone :p
RAWRity: Ikr.
all dem pills
Peels
Grabbin peels.
ScootaChicken: :3
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBXkCtFr5c4 NOT SURE WHY BUT THIS IS SO AWESOME!
TheHoodyNinja: My cyanide pillz? You mean the ones I dropped down the drain this morning? :S
/me hands ScootaChicken some adrenaline~
Oh god, it's Nyria
/me doesn't know what's going on?
DARNIT Ponies47 WHYTF DID YOU DO THAT NOW THE RATS WILL DIE!
Oh god it's Jailbait~
hry Nyria
*hey
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dm1jxC-xtyY
huh. Hush Now - (JoinedTheHerd) is actually pretty good
Oh yeah Nyria, up for another DMC?
TheHoodyNinja: IT WAS AN ACCIDENT! :'(
I'm geting Amnesia for my sister >.> This is gana be funny
ScootaChicken: Sure I guess~
cachi01: no its just my phone XD
??????
BroKnee: record it
Radiarc's music tends to all be a bit fast for me
Ponies47: oh thats okay then :$
There was one that I liked, only because it sounded like something from Portal
/me Squees
God where did Summer go? School starts August 6th for me.
Bronysith I have fraps >:3
is amnesia really that scary or is everyone overreacting like they do with MLD
singsong: Well that sucks :(
Radiarc - From the Moon sounds very similar to something from Chrono Cross actually
/me feels ignored
cachi01: MLD.
/me Hugs AttackPony
/me glomps AttackPony
Amnesia is scary, if you get involved.
cachi01: Its kinda scary but I didnt over react at all to MLD >.> I cried my ass off plain and simple
Personally Amnesia loses horror factor when you run at the things with a barrel.
singsong: FUCK SUMMER FALL IS GAMING SEASON!
If you pour yourself into Amnesia, it will scare you.
G'night everypony! :)
but pewdie says chair mode is best mode!
night GilDash
Nighty night, GilDash /hugz
/me is glomped
night, GilDash
GilDash: Night night, don't let teh bed bugz bite
bye GilDash have good dreams, just not about me
:3
GilDash: Dream about me
you know what made me lol? the alien from alien 1 when he is a babby and runs like a squirrel xd
I join chat and everyone goes fom posting pics to just "Pssssh"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n8KRaSXd4oA&feature=related <- (Squees) :)
pic posting?
I love when someone famous asks for a MLP drawing. I just hear 1000 artists rip open their software
Night Gi......
Ponies47: THANK YOU O.O
SHOOT!
05,15Did I miss anything fun?
Ponies47 are you Monopoly on dA?
hmm...i should probably get some new clothes once this summer is over
fluttercry the end of the world
Recess. We want Recess fluttercry
oh yes
fluttercry: I feel like I have
Biglaw: Ponies47
Biglaw: onDA
*on DA
fluttercry: we saw you in a pikshur
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdZ1va0AQYc&list=FLR9HsA55ivKKU0EAQmXcQLQ&index=2&feature=plpp_video *hides*
Sumica feel asleep again?
Ponies47 I see, you know who's Monopoly907 here?
Woot! Cypresswolf
05,15Yup. I was in a pikshur. was it the group pic from Bronycon?
Biglaw: Nope why?
Twas a nice game of L4D2.
Biglaw: ah
http://www.youtube.com/user/NeedsMoreDjent
Story about Space is 20% cooler. I put it on my custom CD for my car and had to quickly skip over the track when my mom rode with me
HOLY SHIT ANTHOLOGY II IS AN HOUR AND 22 MIN LONG DKLAIEJLIAJE *head explodes*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJKNrVQf7gE
BroKnee: Your welcome :)
that moment when you finally get to pee after holding it for an entire L4D2 session
TheHoodyNinja: Yeah, it's not worth it either.
Ponies47: ^.^
http://www.youtube.com/user/NeedsMoreDjent <------ give him the love he deserves
TheHoodyNinja: we watched it the other night
on stream.
05,15cachi01 stop advertising
flutter_spin: :(
Anyone know what we're doing for Friday movie night?
/me gives flutter_spin the ban sword
oh well i have YOUTUBE!
singsong: Movies.
So... Band of Brothers?
It was like 12:00 to 1:30
it was very late.
Bronysith: so, whos the new Brony?
fluttercry: i know but its just sad how his music might be one of the best in the brony community and he only gets 200 views
oh oh oh. I know where to stick your OC in the fanfic Bronysith :)
flutter_spin: wrong
Hello everypony.
hi ZappyTheUnicorn!
dammit. Welovefine was working, then it borked while I was filling out my order info.
flutter_spin: twas a joke i am sorry
Hey ZappyTheUnicorn :)
/me gives flutter_spin a gun
cachi01: I know an artist who make awesome music--to me, at least--and is like seriously underrated
flutter_spin: go ahead and shoot me
Not as big as Wrek's role, but still going to be cool
HI ZAPPY I JUST LAYED A BUNCH OF MINES EVERYWEAR SO BE CAREFUL!
Wow. I connected my phone to the PC and the whole system froze...
wat
/me Steps on mine
Had to restart
TheHoodyNinja: Thanks for the info. 6_9
/me Mine explodes
/me Respawns
poor Alchemist
I'M ALIVE! :)
/me uses mine to propel himself into the air
your dead
not big surprise
^_^ Haven't posted this on in a while - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gt5tgKyRh4&list=FLR9HsA55ivKKU0EAQmXcQLQ&index=88&feature=plpp_video
Ponies47: you were playing S&D...
Cypresswolf: that Halloween 2007
Cypresswolf: YEEHAW! CRAZY TWILIGHT!
Cypresswolf: I have that vid on fav. :D
/me rubs her tongue softly against his, sucking a little at it
Cypresswolf: Did you notice that it was filed under education in the description? :P
Cypresswolf: man the music is awesome
cachi01: Theme from Halloween.
so, when's BoB gonna start?
*turns off panel switch for Bronystate's light* :)
I wish i was talented
sigh...
I love that Twilight face.
Meanwhile: who doesnt?
It's very Chesire cat.
Dark_Horst: For central time zone i think nine?
Just woke up. 12:14pm. Hai guize.
hai XAX
Hello XAX.
Allo XAX
The_Browncoat: which gmt is that?
I love the Halloween theme. But i have never seen Hallowen *Pulls out The Halloween Collection of shelf* What? THE ORGINAL IS NOT ON THIS 3 PACK!?!?! :[
^
Ponies47: lol
TheHoodyNinja: which gmt?
/me Throws 3 pack out window
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Og_0XGB8gvo
Shadowbolt Music - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ys_0vmWLqqM&list=FLR9HsA55ivKKU0EAQmXcQLQ&index=151&feature=plpp_video
halloween in a nutshell = lol ima enter this house. booo ded
Halloween in a nutshell = Captain Kirk stabbing teenagers.
05,15The original Halloween movie was actually really tense and awesome.
Dark_Horst: sorry reprhase i am stoopid
And not in the usual way
the original was with a babysitter right?
05,15Yes
fluttercry: It is until you learn the mask is of William Shatner but painted white.
YES. Finally got me order through on Welovefine
MOAR Shadowbolt music - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8yfix33vA8&list=FLR9HsA55ivKKU0EAQmXcQLQ&index=226&feature=plpp_video
05,15True, I heard that
05,15Also, Scream was a very good movie
so anybody who's gonna go for teh WLF sale, site's up, but slow as balls.
scream was meh
TheHoodyNinja: timezone. i'm in gmt +1, but i have no idea which one central time is. if you'd tell me, i could math
Yeah movies on this 3 pack my dad has Halloween: H20, Halloween: Resurrection, and Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers :[
05,15Ponies47 be glad the Rob Zombie Remake isn't there
Ponies47: those are the 3 worst Halloween movies. Good lord.
Dark_Horst: I have no idea, actually
fluttercry: I see
TheHoodyNinja: you know when it'll start in eastern standart?
I saw a scene from rezurrection where it was First Person michael and just stab slowly a guy and suddenly blood came from everywhere like a fountain
RAWRity: I have never seen any of the Hallowens. Lemme see if he has any others
Dark_Horst: On front page
Cypresswolf: fireworks ban here :'(
13you do all realize today is the Adventure Sphere's favorite day
13Explosion Day
/me hugs everypony :3
Anyone here like Chasing Amy?
hey Tarku
Yes, master Shizuka @_@
13poor amy
TheHoodyNinja: I'll pop a few for you :)
Explosion day? That's cool
TheHoodyNinja: Same
Hi Tarku
i would pay 20-25$ for this shirt http://www.redbubble.com/people/calamity/works/8286851-assassins-creed-bronyhood
13why are you chasing her
Shizuka: lawl
Shizuka: She stole my slipper.
Couldn't find any other Halloweens -_-
yay Cypresswolf ^-^
Mostly because I'm thinking of voting for it
Aha!
they dont say when on the front page
But I don't want to cause some kind of massive hate riot against me
didnt buy any this year, got tons left over from previous years - are they dangerous? - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFmBnc_xci8&feature=plcp&context=C483d4b4VDvjVQa1PpcFNxOGpjnqbu5vArZwz1mdQycAt4ZA87OGY=
cachi01: octavia is best assassin
/me puts in his order. :3
I love how we in Scandiavia had such an early Anime years. <3
Soon, I shall have moar shirts. Huzzah!
/me giggles
Cypresswolf: Pinkie is best medic
Hello LadyCanary
:D Yesh!
Did I show you guys my convention swag?
/me has yet to actually order a pony shirt
damn the first brony shirt i find that i want and its not for sale -_-'
LadyCanary: Convention?
ScootaChicken: couldn't be worse than your JB idea.
ScootaChicken: When I went to AnimeNEXT in NJ
/me has 7 pony shirts. "I'm about to add three more to the collection"
Meanwhile: Oh, that ideas still happening, don't worry
Well, I guess "soon" assumes this order goes through....
LadyCanary: :O
ScootaChicken: never work.
ZappyTheUnicorn: O_O I HAVE NONE! :(
LadyCanary: Don't think so?
:O Ooh!
LadyCanary: Post sawg plz :3
*swag
Wow I suck.
Ponies47: :(
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5gwl0liml1qjqeiyo2_1280.jpg Part 1
I have one pony shirt and im planning on getting another
I got two shirts yesterday - parents not so happy...
Which mane 6 should it be, though?
LadyCanary: cute
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5gwl0liml1qjqeiyo1_1280.jpg Part 2
Rarity costs half as much as everypony else
LadyCanary: SPAAAAAAAAAAACE
:)
ZappyTheUnicorn: I gotta get some :(
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5gwl0liml1qjqeiyo3_1280.jpg Part 3
Dat swag
but i want a Pinkie ;_;
LadyCanary: Dose badges and dose humanized mane six O_O
LadyCanary: dat perler bead mario
DAT POSTER OMG
Part 3 is NICE
Funny enough Bronysith, I found that on the floor.
LadyCanary: Dayum.
Ponies47: You should. :D
And cachi01, that was for my bf for his bday...</3
/me hugs LadyCanary
ZappyTheUnicorn: I know :(
I'd like to say I can't believe WLF derped, but, well...
LadyCanary: ALL the swag!
hey every pony im here at what feels like an anti brony party need some bronys to talk to so whats up?
Hello I would like to make a suggestion for a movie to play. How do I do that? X)
LadyCanary: aww damn im sorry
LadyCanary: considering those buttons, you might be interested in this: http://littleleaguecomic.tumblr.com/post/26024945724/finally-now-that-ive-returned-from-heroescon
LadyCanary: That's pretty cool!
/me pats LadyCanary reassuringly on the head
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZlictO-CNg - now Im just posting for the sake of reactions ^_^
/me hugs LadyCanary
aww
But all the rest of that stuff is mine. One of the alpacas was for my 7 year old cousin
YAY it did go through.
:3
That will bring the shirt inventory to....six.
CriticKitten: I'm up to 2
I love going deeper into my youtube favs - so much random treasure ^_^
Got a Shadowbolts shirt, and a Discord shirt.
ok i gotta go eat LATER GUYS
Bye TheHoodyNinja.
See ya TheHoodyNinja
bye TheHoodyNinja
any pony got some vids they want to show off?
Nomz dor TheHoodyNinja :P
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4PdOx24p14o
*for the da
^_^ And it loops
Cypresswolf: I lol'd
RAWRity: Today I grabbed Filly Cooly, Twilightlicious, and PhD in Adorableness. :3 They shall go nicely with my Radicalness, Elements of Harmony, and Trust Me I'm a Doctor tees. :3
oh fanfuckingtastic con comics is the same date as the bronymexicon -_-'
HERE have some COOL Octavia http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fG_D29hTZz8&feature=BFa&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ
I used to have tons more of these but many were casualties to trolls posing as Hasbro execs last fall
I has other pic to show
/me wore Radicalness to his parents house. They weren't sure what to say. Apparently later questioned my sexuality in front of my little bro. >.>
Other pic? :o
http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/555984_10150878187047471_702970871_n.jpg
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7FaMcIe8oc
LadyCanary: Überbiscuits.
That Batwoman complemented me on MY COSTUME, which I didnt make. But she made hers :D
Dat....everything
WAAAIT
You know. I got every season of South Park on DVD and also every South Park movie on DVD and I really don't watch em anymore :P
LadyCanary is a strong independent black woman who don't need no Batman.
a black batgirl? :)
http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc7/295299_10150878186922471_1092141495_n.jpg Here's another one.
hey, LadyCanary. do you have a pic of your oc on you? if you do please pm it to me :3
yfw Im the Black Canary ScootaChicken
I do Rain!
amd poison ivy, nice
Wow.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3L7m2gxHaLw and one for Rainbow Dash :)
OH GOD THAT POISON IVY IS INCREDIBLE
LadyCanary is a strong independent Black Canary who don't need no Batman.
She's so lovely <3
That's some dedication for costumes like that. o.o
Whew
ScootaChicken: Green Arrow actually XDDDD
SEEERIOOOOUUUUUS MOOOOOODEEEE ACTIVAAAATE! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EXUzM4bSSUI
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cg-_HeVNYOk&feature=g-vrec <- *Sniff* The sadest Derpy video I have ever seen *sniff* :'(
Fantastic Costume, LadyCanary
LadyCanary: My comic knowledge is lacking a bit ._.
Cypresswolf lol, US marine corp
NO! NO! Save Derpy goes on my do not watch list
Ponies47: You saw where the audio came from?
Thank you :3 :3
Vordox: Nope
It is just too much.
My next costume? Well, Im not sure D:
Ponies47: Give me a sec
/me 13sneaks up behind canary und rain~
13wub!
These pics
Here Ponies47
http://www.youtube.com/watch?&v=aK_L5kTIiXs
/me Taps his hoof waiting
eeep!
/me moans a bit and pulls back from the kiss, looking her directly in the eye.
waaaaooot
REMEMBER THIS IS UNSCRIPTED
/me hugs Shizuka
THIS IS PURE DERPY FEELING, no script or pre planning
:3 wubs Shizuka <3
Shizuka, is wubbing off on wain and carawy? :)
Vordox: Woop de doo, it's still uninteresting.
13wubwub
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRF9DLr6x28
wub
buw
Meanwhile: Un...interesting?
Vordox: :'(
/me eyes glows up.
And now a message from Twilight Sparkle - :|
sent the link too soon
:p
Vordox: Eeyup. Uninteresting.
Lol Cypresswolf
lol Cypresswolf
/me scratches the hoof on the ground, sparking some fires while doing it while glaring at Meanwhile.
Man I wanna play DayZ, but I'll wait until Arma 2 is on sale on steam
/me pitches a cinderblock at Vordox's face. "Stop that"
/me watches the ensuing chaos
/me headbangs it to smithereen.
LOL Family Guy
Fireworks are banend here in Wisconsin this year! :'(
Meanwhile: Uninteresting...Un....BUCKING...interesting...
Vordox: No, just plain uninteresting.
/me walks up sternly to Meanwhile while looking down from his height.
/me squees
Ponies47: go to canada and buy some fireworks, then sneak them back.
Do I detect RP??????
RAWRity: I'm only 14! I can't drive! :[
Irish_Pony: Can't be, you aren't doing anything.
In my neighborhood, these idjits set off fireworks ALL DAMN NIGHT
Ponies47: steal a car.
Meanwhile, Vordox: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1556/
Hrrrrrrm.
Feelings of fear of being forever shoved away for being unique is not interesting, or of concern. A person you do not know is in distress, and you do NOT care? Are you even a human being?!
Ponies47: You can drive, just not legally.
RAWRity: I'm home alone with no other cars :P
pff, I could drive at 14. Just not legally. xD
ZappyTheUnicorn: :P
^_^ I just found an old pony YTP I couldnt find last I looked - not sure if should post - lots of drug references...
hen3ry: :D
http://bronies.memebase.com/2012/06/28/my-little-pony-friendship-is-magic-brony-okey-dokey-tony/ hahahahaha
LadyCanary: Im right next to an amusement park. How do you think i feel? XD
Ponies47: You wouldn't download and steal a car....
heh
Vordox: Eenope. I'm a rock. S'up.
LadyCanary: in my neighborhood some teens decided to fire a bottlerocket into a powerline. They missed and set a tree on fire instead.
great minds and fools think alike
LadyCanary: Playland
Oh, right, I left the Wii on, didn't I? I still need to unify Japan another....what, four times before I unlock Nobunaga? Rawr. >_>;
With my campers
AttackPony: NEVER! :O
SERIOSULY?!?!?
Kiddie Land! :P
YESSSS
Cypresswolf, I bet it has lots of pinkie pie in it doesnt it? :)
/me takes a deep breath and sighs, looking dissapointed at the rock. "Am I starting to talk to rocks...when will I lose it."
Thats horrible RAWRity D:
wait
in rye right?
Vordox, when Tom talks back :)
/me looks back into his eyes, smiling a bit shyly still, leaning against him slightly.
LadyCanary: s'okay. not the dumbest thing I've seen in the place.
Ryunosuke: Didn't he do that in Anthology?
Not just Pinkie Pie, Ryunosuke :)
I'm a little nervous. I think I'm going to meet up with some bronies down in TN
o_0
probbably
Also, has Saxy been around? I miss him
One time, I saw a pair of guys spend 4 hours outside throwing rocks at a light-pole, trying to smash the bulb.
omg i could definently go the same day
He was here earlier.
The never hit it.
LadyCanary: He's online in our skype group allll the time
Depends though
i might have sailing
And I think he was here earlier as well.
RAWRity: Introduce those idiots to a belt and a switch.
Hm.
I'll pm the link for those who want it :)
AttackPony: they've since moved away.
RAWRity: Welp, less idiots.
Yay, everything works!
Night everypony
Nother kid actually broke through the wall of their neighbor's house and tried to rob the place in the middle of the night.
RAWRity: WOW! :O
this is the world I live in.
Whover just pinged me, send it again. Flash crashed.
where thieves say "Hey, you know what's easier than breaking a window? TEARING DOWN A WALL.
broke THROUGH the wall
"
So lesse. Plan is.... >order pizza, >play Sengoku Basara all night, >give zero fucks; got it. XD
/me 's eyes show signs of love,lust,confusion, and shyness. "Prism ...ah...well ah mean...just..." he looks kind of down
CriticKitten: happy independence day!
Damn enter key)
<3 Sengoku Basara CriticKitten. ARE YOU READY GAIZ
((Already greeted you in the other channel))
PUT YA GUNS ON
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/1/59GMvqnjtUqetRlSOlVhFg2.png Get picking.
is it possibl for me to use an IRC client cause Iplan on some VLC right now.
CriticKitten: good ol' Sengoku Basara...love that game. :)
Meanwhile: >derpy centered episode
Oichi <3
>HA
Meanwhile: I'll take Trixie Returns for 500
I actually just got finished rewatching the entire anime. I should watch the movie too. XD
>AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
To the ground, blushing furiously.
I'd like to cosplay her one day, CriticKitten
>HA.
RAWRity: Ikr.
/me patpats Birdy "Don't worry. We've all been there."))
OH LAWDY)
you know what I made the mistake of doing yesterday?
Meanwhile: Body swarp episode, it's bound to happen..
I still have to unlock Oichi. I'm working on that now. Just have to play as Yukimura and Kotoro IIRC.
PRINC-DARI'S HERE)
swap*
Which theme is much more creepy? Halloween or A Nightmare on Elm Street?
Watched the "Digimon" movie from back in the day.
Everyone bow to the sexiest man on ponychat)
fucking hell was that thing crappy.
Hmm. I think the bottom row is the winner on that bingo table
I watched the new Spiderman film yesterday.
What I saw of it was pretty good.
ScootaChicken: Awesome. I'll have to go see it
LadyCanary: Oh god that would be scariest cosplay. But Oichi is awesome. I kinda want Midna to show up in Super Smash Bros with an Oichi moveset, that would be... <3
Meanwhile: Sea ponies episode. Hooves down.
Mind you, it was for a date, so my main attention was focused on other things.
But I wants a Nagamasa
05,15Is WeLoveFine still down?
Which I don't think I can discuss in here.
Is it possible to use mIRC instead of the webchat
AttackPony: yes
fluttercry: I'll check
fluttercry: I just put in an order, it was running much better.
AttackPony: just point mIRC to irc.ponychat.net
It's down, fluttercry? D:
((Wanna continue the rp Symphony ?))
So now would be the time to try.
fluttercry: Not for me. :P
AttackPony yes
fluttercry: I just managed to place my order. It's working, but not at 100%.
/me cries
LadyCanary: Big sale, that's why.
okay hold on cause i have it downloaded. jsutn ever installd
Ohhhh
fluttercry: It's just really slow.
fluttercry: they announce a 25 percent off thing a few days back
Nah, not atm.)
They had a 25% off MLP stuff sale.
LadyCanary not for me it's just loading very slowly
i doubt they would be down
The website must have to many poeple on there
They're not at 100% but they are working better than they were hours ago. >_>
www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_MaJDK3VNE I found one of the best commercials ever
they planned for an outage today, figuring the bronies would shut their server down for em
fluttercry best keep trying the page is loading but very slowly
05,15Yeah I can't get on the site at all. CURSE YOU INTERNET!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ao474HxTveI Applebloom Guard
fluttercry vs internet.
XD
((Okay))
I have this shirt http://www.redbubble.com/people/hausofpancakes/works/8050101-equestrian-idiot?p=t-shirt
I win.
Meanwhile no otakon ?
Keep trying, flutter. I'd been trying for HOURS before I finally got it.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: He's not here.
SUCKERS! WELOVEFINE IS WORKING FOR ME! :D
Jk
ScootaChicken: im getting this shirt http://www.amazon.com/WOT-M8-Shirt-Gildan-Softstyle/dp/B0084JHVO2
I also have this shirt: http://www.redbubble.com/people/octave/works/7855024-keep-calm-and-carry-on-my-wayward-son?p=t-shirt
I win
tie him up and take his internet.
But not pony ;_;
05,15By the time it will work for me, the sale will be over
U WOT M8
05,15That's my luck
I was joking. About the suckers part. But yeah Welovefine is working for me
XD
fluttercry: shoot zombies to feel better
ScootaChicken.... I think I wub woo
:/
StinkomanFan: I wub woo too :3
LadyCanary: True, that role works best with a Nagamasa double. Alternatively you could cosplay Yukimura, so long as you're careful about the vest. XD
08,01singsong: /win 26
08,01whoops
XD CriticKitten, Im more of a Date girl.
Date IS best pony.
Aaaaaaaaaand good mood just went south.
LadyCanary: Cosplay
Treebeard
plz
WUT
XD
lawlwut
Nighty night, eveybrony. Don't let Nightmare Moon nibble on your feet. Or do, if you're into that kinda thing.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLwSmCyL_c0 The Goddamn Animal
Night CountDoofus
Night, CountDoofus
LadyCanary: Whyso? D:
Welovefine is very very very slow today :(
no stream
My now ex is acting like he doesnt care.
:'(
Posting all this crap on facebook like he's hes normal self.
:( :'( :[
LadyCanary: Dwelling on it won't help.
You want I should break his kneecaps?
CriticKitten: with a wrench
Jeez, at least act like you care, jerkoff. :,(
Today in "Decisions I'm regretting": staying up till 4 am reading DMWL. now I get to drug myself to night so I get to sleep at a decent hour.
THAT ENGINEER'S A SPY
So which theme is much more creepy? Halloween or A Nightmare on Elm Street?
/me snuggles LadyCanary.
StinkomanFan: SPY!
05,15Halloween
:) I'll share my more mature vids Saturday night - if I can stay awake
RAWRity what is DMWL?
Invi: Deadman Wonderland
LadyCanary, we care, don't we? :)
Hey, if you lived closer I'd invite ya over to have pizza and play Basara with me to help your mood. D:
RAWRity i saw the anime, it was... intresting
Invi: read the manga. Tis great
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obdLhRTfDFo
But he doesnt, Ryunosuke..
fluttercry: When I was younger te Nightmare on Elm Street theme scared the (squee) outta me. Now I think it's epic. Infact I'm listening to it right now :P
LadyCanary: Who cares about him.
:(
worst part of DMWL: it's on hiatus right now. Damn mangaka getting pregnant and shit.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3XtnCUcZb4 And the Sequel to The Goddamn Animal
I do Meanwhile.
wait
Lsitening to super Ponybeat discord
:(
LadyCanary: Then I recommend doing what you can to put him out of your mind.
05,15God I really want to play Tekken right now
:(
Mraow
/me hugs LadyCanary
Is there any video playing?
nope.avi
I am judging no by all the links
:p
LOL :D
did I miss teh Band of Brother stream?
fluttercry: I'll whoop you with Paul.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOR537ZSu54 Trixie!
operatorpony: NOPE.AVI
hasnt started yet i think
oh hi there
MRAOW
fluttercry: tekken is the game where you are a blue hedgehog right?
05,15Meanwhile no doubt you would. I was never good at it and I haven't played in years.
Well there you go woman the dinosaur went into another dimension
Meanwhile: A Beatles fighting game?
mitamaking: Fund it.
05,15^fund it
FUND IT
Ninja'd.
Meanwhile: FUND IT NOW
More Trixie! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nb4lqEzHCwo
You fund it, what am I the bank?
Cypresswolf: You got any videos of Trixie being set on fire?
05,15Though...it would only have 4 fighters
fluttercry: And no one would want to be Ringo.
:) Meanwhile, no but I'm sure I can find some
/me funds Meanwhile
I would be Ringo
05,15So the devs would make Ringo super OP
I'm listening to music on youtube :D
i love the wingboner derpy gets in the video
Aren't there like 20 5th Beatles also
when the lava merges
05,15There was Pete Best for a while and another one but he died
Darnit, now I have a tough choice. Strive towards unlocking Oichi, or watch Sengoku Basara: The Last Party. ;_;
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fifth_Beatle
And I have no idea what's going on
mmmm, time for pie.
Meanwhile: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNrr48tx1Dw ALL The peasants are Trixie :) Better?
Meanwhile as the 5th beatle
Like how there's actually 5 Stooges
RAWRity: what kind?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6l326glc1XQ I like this song <3
6 if you count that guy pretending to be Shemp
Cypresswolf: Close enough.jpg
Bronysith: chocolate cream w/ chocolate crust.
RAWRity: ogod
why
A nice juicy laaaamb chop?
Bronysith: because it's delicious.
RAWRity: iknow
RAWRity: i love chocolate pie but im more of a fruit pie guy like strawberry
/me places a chicken on RAWRity's head.
:D
Fireworks! mfw please derpy!)
Birdy: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2770/
ALL OF THE STOOGES
/me smacks FlareChaser
ALL OF THEM
05,15There were only 3 stooges. Shemp was terrible
Nyuck nyuck nyuck.
/me eats the chicken
05,15Curly FTW
mitamaking: i was talking about the beatles bro
They were all Shemp
mitamaking, some second guy
SHEMP IS ALL
SHEMP IS NONE
I got it to work
/me AttackPony
I am too young for this conversation. If you need me I shal be on youtube cloud
Oh wait StinkomanFan wrote that, sorry, stupid fast chat
I don't know, Three Stooges is funniest when you are young
What's not funny about three men beating the tar out of eachother?
I felt Galliger was always the best Stooge
I wish the shorts pretended to finish their plots
Night everypony.
StinkomanFan: Nothing, that's why I watch UCF.
night ZappyTheUnicorn
I want to see that canned episode about Shemp and Larry curb-stomping Moe
Thanks Bronysith
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIFdywkXhwA Applejack's United States of Apples
APPLES
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fm7ntyycGbU Im trying to learn this song (singing)
eeeehg
CHOCOLATE!
It was supposed to be a duet...but... :/
Applejack has fans?
:p
She does!
I met a fan of hers Sunday :3
*is an Applejack fan* >_>
MURICA http://d3j5vwomefv46c.cloudfront.net/photos/large/611353514.jpg?key=24483264&Expires=1341450739&Key-Pair-Id=APKAIYVGSUJFNRFZBBTA&Signature=KYDS6Krr-kJORmkboq7bRuI3hxj0QYE4WfGScPPfcAD3hyBmOUPGG1HGMjBNhgcSnGU1C3qYWiwSz1TW4h9mbC6nKy8pXg1Mynk7MRzzMHzXGJJ14AU5IgnsFxqmXrbBH7YJWhh4nfeQPV7XXLPqITBwvki7QFD0K-FCm7HbwhI_
inb4 wall
RAWRity: tldr
RAWRity: nice
RAWRity: Wall link.
not a big fan but its really cool
RAWRity: haave some fun with them
RAWRity: aww shit
Yus, mitamaking :3
Bronysith: we thenk soaked all of those in gasoline, covered them in hay, and light the whole thing on fire with a home-made flame-thrower made out of a supersoaker.
D: Why not Lightning-Quill
:O
mitamaking: a band
oh
RAWRity: um.... AWESOME /)^3^*(\
Not sure what kind of metal though
RAWRity: that sounds very unsafe....oh well it the fourth so have fun with that
RAWRity: Is that legal in your state?
LadyCanary: i think its nu-metal
(( Sorry for long reply waits, half doing stuff offline ))
....
www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qr4SHEQzpqQ I only faved this video so I could share it with you guys
/me slaps cachi01 OH HELL NO
LadyCanary: I'd class them more as proggressive rock than anything metal.
My friend talks too much about it and I do not like a lot of his taste in music except some bands
mitamaking: screw the rules he has money
Progressive metal.
If those were expensive he might not
LadyCanary: HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEY
nu metal is like freaking Limp Bizkit, who I HATE.
Lately I prefer electronic i'm tired of metal too slow for my tastes
What...? *stays relaxed against him, still a bit shy herself though, looking into his eyes with that shy little smile of hers*
LadyCanary: system of a down is nu-metal
LadyCanary: Oh god not Limp Bizkit
-lol......bizkit....
05,15I'm thinking about getting a messenger bag with derpy on it
HOW CAN YOU HATE SOAD :(
StinkomanFan: oh god
Lightning-Quill: look up Lich King they bring alot of good speed metal back
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GggY4TEYbk EVERYPONY this is Meanwhile s theme song
CLOPS - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYbYwanVEEQ
fluttercry: Then you sir. Are on the same thinking level as mine self.
Bronysith: It is?
Wanna listen to fast metal? Listen to DEATH. They're the first Death metal band, who's lead guitarist and singer was JEWISH AND FROM BROOKLYN
fluttercry i got it, it's nice :3
Yes Jim, feel the fear flow through you
05,15I loves me some messenger bags.
Bronysith: Isn't that everyone's theme song?
Not exactly what i meant. I more or less find too many depressing songs in metal
05,15They're so useful
05,15and totally not a man purse
sorry i lied. THIS IS THE THEME SONG OF THE INTERNENT http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6GggY4TEYbk
Totally a man purse.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zguCFjHyVeM <3
Man Purses> Man Eggs
Bronysith: HEYYEYAAEYAAAEYAAAAEYAAEYAAEYAE
Might not be some of your cups of tea ^^"
oh hai Merrida: http://cs-imx.s3.amazonaws.com/static/dailypic/20120704/25074.jpg
But its screaming that WORKS.
RAWRity: is that movie out yet, i forgot
OH SHI- SHE'S REAL RAWRITY
....OMG I SAW THAT. SO GORGEOUS
Bronysith: been out for a bit, yes
okay then
RAWRity: its pixar so it is most lieklye epic
Someone said the theme song of the internet?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krMLDrXe32c&feature=BFa&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ
She is BEAUTIFUL
13>>
13<<
RAWRity: well that merrida is hawt
13http://youtu.be/d-t0Kdhzl9I
05,15Jeez it's 39 dollars. I THOUGHT THERE WAS A SALE ;__;
Plugging Shizu?
One of my favorite Ghost trolls - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kZSpZGRn0KM - dude rages for nearly 6 minutes after that ONE call :D
13maybe
(plays andrew wk - she is beatiful)
http://superofficialnews.com/9gag-suing-reddit-for-50-million-dollars/
Plugging Shizu. ^^
LadyCanary: Rock On
fluttercry: what game?
fluttercry: Ah...economy...she is a cruel mistress....
flutter: There is. Did you enter the promo code?
ridiculously photogenic cosplayer
9GAG SUEING REDDIT?
www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf-BhojYjv8 This is the best thing on the internet
XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
05,15noooooo
Vordox: dat hamsterdance
MLP4TH, fluttercry.
fluttercry: what game?
Bronysith: from what I've heard, it's very pretty, but the writing kinda blows.
AttackPony: Ikr
RAWRity: okay then
RAWRity: still better than dreamworks?
if we're sharing music now: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ES_Nios6iW8
There is one band that I despise with a burning passion
And that's blink 182
Biglaw: I really like moot's reaction to it
The owner of 9Gag, Paul Horner, said he thinks Reddit is just jealous. “It’s a well known fact that 95% of all Memes and funny images on the internet originate from 9Gag.
Lol what an imbecile XD
05,15........
05,15wut
Did you guys show 1812 overture yet?
Biglaw: wut
...isn't 9Gag the site that blatantly steals everyone else's jokes
S'Okay, im at fireworks thingy)
Biglaw: Paul Horner has evidently not heard of 4chan.
?
9Gag has a goddamn plan. Make it up.
I'm mister I don't care if I say I don't like it I mean it. I may change my mind later I'm always changeing my mind
I want to make a suggestion for a movie. How do I do that?
CriticKitten: Yep, internet cancer
13read the FAQ
And then CLAIMS they made it first?
okay thanks ^^
13sigh..
13is it so hard..
apparently it is
NO THIS IS THE THEME OF THE INTERNET http://derpy.me/lPSe6.
Shizu: Reading? That wasn't part of the deal. ;_;
Shizu you ask every time and always the same response. ^^
www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-STkFCCrus This is my favorite commercial
08,01bugger
Ohgod
/me waits.
Why am I listening to My Chemical Romance
08,01didn't manage to bag Fighting is Magic for BUCK
And why am I enjoying it
This is not right
08,01through my own stupidity
for you rocker/slash metal ponies here is song to mosh with http://youtu.be/TIKkyii50og
So are we going to watch Independence Day, or did I miss it
08,01Chrysalis: we closed negotiations too soon, before i found out we actually *could* afford to fly them out
Darnit Shizu. ;_; You were supposed to jump in with "I have altered the deal. Pray I don't alter it any further." I set it up perfectly. ;_;
08,01and they went and signed on for Canterlot Gardens
/me laughs lightly in nervous tension. "Ah....." he shakes his head "Well....."
08,01who are after us
13oh
aw man :(
08,01so it's a no-go
/me covers ears >_<
Canterlot Gardens are evil
13i did not watch star trek
:(
08,01i'm really pissed off about that
Shizu: o u
08,01yup
08,01and Pony War
suhweet
www.youtube.com/watch?v=8dq7OPX1HGo Fine, we're posting Music
08,01and Cutie Mark Chronicles
-lol......pony war...
Here's a mashup
tbh, i want budding more than fighting
http://derpy.me/lPSe6
You guys know how Harry Potter inspired "Wizard Rock" bands? I wonder if we'll seen any brony rock bands start up.
Ahh that song reminds me. All the unique bands are dead or dying
08,01RAWRity: there are already tons
this lack of BoB disturbs me. i shall precooed to sit in a corner. maybe i'll rock back and forth for a while
Bronysith: What
RAWRity: i believe that are already some were at bronycon
08,01RAWRity: look up PickItUp
RAWRity: I think they do. Dethonator and some others
StinkomanFan: LEARN SHAKESPEARING ART! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pryE8JdngBQ
are we all just linking up youtube now6_9
This is one of the freakiest commercials I've ever seen - Blue Tax Max - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hHHK2qmGaUs
05,15WeLoveFine put shipping at 47 dollars....wut
shipping, why you so expensive
Vordox, and this is why shaeksbeare died
fluttercry: -lol were are you shipping it from? Cause that is rediculous XD
08,01i'd make a prostitution joke right now, but my heart's not into it
StinkomanFan: Derp
08,01i'm bummed out about fighting is magic
MLP and shipping, I know where this joke is going
Time to listen to basshunter
08,01i was *really* hoping to do a deal with them
flutter: Then stop shipping Trixie and Braeburn, they have to custom order tha....oh, you mean in the mail.
05,15I have no idea where they are based
Vordox, Different guy from Shakesbears
05,15But I've ordered things from Taiwan that cost less in shipping
Or Shakespeer
StinkomanFan: I do not sense parody
flutter: Have you created an account with them and told them where you live?
08,01Liokin: okay, that made me smile
08,01you win the internet
dat shockwave crash
Cypresswolf: that was a terrible commercial but here is a good one from japan http://youtu.be/OobrfR125uc
I had free ground shipping as an option once I did.
Vordox, so I can't spell his name
http://fav.me/d55iewh
05,15ohhhhh. Well, I'm still not sure if I even want to buy this bag. So I'm just chekcing prices
So what?
LOL tara y u so funny? http://www.vocaltwit.com/4179
I prefered Poe anyway
Blue Tax Max scares a baby - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kr-S_ALG5XU - that's how bad it is!
fluttercry: Not sure about your manpurse?
I'd like to see how this 9Gag lawsuit plays out.
Buy your own Michael Jackson, complete with a set.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UFWfQ_2Nevw&feature=related
05,15It's moving way to slow, screw it I've gone this long without pony items, might as well keep going
I ponified myself. Anyone want to test a link to the picture before i send it to the general public?
cachi01: HARDCORE
Cypresswolf: eh guess i've seen worsse
HARDCOOORE
05,15Meanwhile I'm up to my neck in man purses
Big_Macintosh_1992: sure lets see it
i got this txt message... http://derpy.me/dHHu9 SEEMS FUCKING LEGIT
Hm.
fluttercry: Mail bags! >:3
Marx - they could win. Lawyers might not understand the intricacies of the "change the clock then sue" tactic.
fluttercry: I hope you charge appropriately.
fluttercry: They're called satchels man
cyber_pony13: show me :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqT0iFZifgw&feature=related
that is my theme song
dat fukkireta
www.youtube.com/watch?v=sC-INtvkGNs Dear Princess Celestia...
seems legit JRP2234[Web]
Cypresswolf: show you what
Chat derp back
08,01Bronysith: i did
JRP2234[Web]: I wouldn't touch that....
cyber_pony13: a commercial scarier that Blue Tax Max :)
When pizza arrives, I'll have to decide....movie, or saving Japan myself. :|
05,15OMG JRP2234[Web] YOU'RE RICH
Lemme tell you guys this right now
http://vocaroo.com/i/s0nqNxVE3pfd Progress!
Shitty progress, but just practice ^^"
www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LvIG7MDSys Remember that
Cypresswolf: http://youtu.be/TTjrrTxzeLw this one freaks me out but who knows how you will feel
http://www.smosh.com/videos/legend-zelda-rap ha not youtune
LadyCanary: Any progress is good progress. :D
LadyCanary sounds good, try to avoid the clippin though
Well...? *nuzzles at his cheek softly*
youtube
>shitty; nope.avi
LadyCanary: Beautiful ^-^ I know nothing of music really. But beautiful voice.
Sounds pretty decently actually.
LadyCanary can you please record that with the mic down a bit so it doesnt clip so horribly
Gotcha.
otherwise, soundin really good
Lightning-Quill: dat smosh
LadyCanary: Whenever I see people here post things of them singing, it gives me horrible flashbacks of Dari forcing me to sing WWU on the stream whilst i had a cold.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3pywzq/i
XDDDD
bAHAHA
The mental scarring...
ScootaChicken: -lol I STILL have that mp3 file of you singing that XD
Liokin: DELETE IT RIGHT FUCKING NOW.
Liokin no, post it!
Liokin: UPLOAD IT ON MEDIAFIRE RIGHT FUCKING NOW
NO
Correction: Share that with everyone right now
ScootaChicken: No way bro >:3 you were actually pretty awesome -lol
NO
.....I think I'm leaving. Nothing to do hre
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
it is odd that there hasn't been anything yet
YEEEES
oh wait
cya Lightning-Quill
cyber_pony13: that is creepy - beginning when the dog held up what looked to be a severed human ear, and then switched heads O_o and this is what? a candy commercial - also whats with that dog bowl censor dance?
peace
/me gets a mini tv
UNCLE GRANDPA
now i can do it
YEEEES
Inb4 one minute 1% sale.
YEEEEEEES
Liokin: I sped it up way too much, I went out of time too much, I played half the chords wrong, I had a horrible cold and I couldn't falsetto properly >.>
For one minute everything is 1% of it's usual price.
It was HORRIBLE
i haz stuff on my cart already :p
I'm normally not that bad, I promise >.>
That song is catchy though, enough to haunt my nightmares
Cypresswolf: i wish i knew i think the dog was trying to seduce the boy since he knew the boy was heart broken
nah I wont upload it. -lol scoots was already freaking out from just doing it. No way im gonna put it on the internet and worsen it for him -lol
/me has finally found a good quality version of the hamsterdance song
Cypresswolf: true the tune is catchy but the rest isnt
Liokin: It's already on youtube.
ScootaChicken: But for the most part everypony understood you clearly and you could make out the music you were playing easily.
Because Apokalipse is a massive douchebag.
WAS UNCLE GRANDPA. during or after good cartoon network?
ScootaChicken: Yeah, I meant im not going to upload it to meadia fire and spread it more so. -lol
*voice
...
I hate you all.
ScootaChicken: Nah, it was good -lol
brb, suicide.
Unca Ruckus?
/me smiles nervously, "ah mean ah know we just met.....but ah...ah like yah.....and really....your tha only pony ah felt closer too since ah moved...." he scoffs at himself. "But a'hm being silly ah guess....ah mean we /just/ really met...." he nuzzles her slowly and softly, still beet red.
/me pins ScootaChicken tot he ground
Thanks Wrek ^_^
Wombo combo kick
What on earth...
ScootaChicken: Wrek bot? -lol
Those silly kickbots.
Kickbots, kickbots everywhere
cyber_pony13: Creepy dog - Hello Human Child! I see you're feeling sad, let me be your companion - tell me whats wrong with my human ear - look at all the things I can do!
"A GIANT REALISTIC TIGER...THAT FLIES"
/me gives Liokin a gun that shoots shurikens and lightning
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f94ST14pWXE&feature=fvwrel i will leave this here because y dafuq no?
/me blushes more, then slowly wraps her forelegs around him in a tight hug
cyber_pony13: I think at the when the bot is smiling at the girl - was that a death stare?
Bronysith: 0.0
Cypresswolf: Kid- hey look another girl ill go talk to her (falls in love) Dog-WHat.....Im sad ill eat these whatever they are and now im happy
Liokin: have fun
is it over?
I heard you all love "Daaaaws"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Si2XVzlMzMM
EEP! D: Fireworks outside my house
I swear if itss more fillys.....
((I'm back!))
ohhhhh no....that is not d'awww...thats moderatly disturbing...
-lol
/me in a nic cage face to LadyCanary "you dont say"
05,15So apparently a girl that works with my mom is a brony. I must recon her workplace more
Liokin: Do you know about the kid?
cyber_pony13: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CErapf79rqM I always hear Rosie O'Donnel's voice every time I see this
...
Vordox: yeah I was unfortunate enough to run y that video once -lol there are a million paradoies of that kid.
Thanks guys ;_;
Liokin: No I mean...
LadyCanary: Fireworks! =D
((As am I))
Don't mind us Brits ;_;
It's Bacon time!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Odk_3A0qZfU
Liokin: argh, headache...prejudice...alarm going off
fucking mosquitos
Nuuu but they're bad D:
(( wb ))
ScootaChicken, it's your own damn fault for taxing Tea
Cypresswolf: BACON!!!!!!!!!!!!! GIMME GIMME GIMME GIMME
((Ohai MoonDasher ))
LadyCanary: Why? Fireworks are fun and colorful. :3
Anyway...
only watch if you can handle it http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-kIJqXLMLwc&list=FLPmfUdZCubIyL9L7qgTtaeA&index=33&feature=plpp_video
CUPCAKE song + Pinkie Feat Eurythmics!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=krMLDrXe32c#t=1408s
((Anyway heare's my prediction))
Liokin: Yeah, when done by proffesionals
Bronysith: My d'aaaawws pierced the heavens.
((And then Birdy and Prismwind bucked))
/me found the right hamsterdance remix
Jim: watch the whole thing
/me hugs back tightly, "Sorry if ah seem like a wierdo or somethin ...."
I can't help but feel that when I tell people that I really like Green Day that they're all judging me.
LadyCanary: Oh you meant random kids firing them off in the street. Then no...no no thats bad XD -lol
so when is BoB showing?
Bronysith: Seen it before ^^
AttackPony: Check out the link I just did. :D
Yup
ScootaChicken: why? like what you like
Vordox: check out the link i just did
i dont know if everypony has seen this yet but this is pretty good check this out http://youtu.be/_8awiwxbCdo
LadyCanary: But I've made fireworks before. Keep them away from thin limbs and open areas of your body and you'll be fine :)
Vordox, I want to thank you before I vanish into an Audio Visual high
and there is a storm about to happen
StinkomanFan: XD
my dog can see the future
Bronysith: Seen it
Cypresswolf: i dont know if you seen this but this is pretty good http://youtu.be/_8awiwxbCdo
Vordox: Already saw. Didn't get past hamsterdance because I then went to find and re-download that song
cyber_pony13: Scary McDonald commercials
Watching two dudes built like tanks beat the crap out of each other gets old after a while. So what's going on in here?
They either chatise you for liking them, or say 'You'd better only like the Pre-Dookie stuff, or I'll shank yer ye wee shite'
cyber_pony13: YEAAH ITS DEDICATED TO GUADALAJARA BRONIES IM FROM GUADALAJARA =D
cyber_pony13: a link would help wouldnt it :) - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niFCK-Pl3Vc&feature=related
cyber_pony13: that's it, I should try to play that with my brand new pedal...
Meanwhile: Ehh nothing much. Lots of link-posting
No offense, but Green Day can eat my shit.
/me gives LadyCanary a gun that shoots chainsaws
Meanwhile: And random stuffs.....
Cypresswolf: yeah ive seen it and it is creepy dang japanese
RAWRity: Why so?
cachi01: Fuck right off.
^
Cypresswolf: wait you didnt get the link to the video i try to share
ScootaChicken: i love brain stew
LadyCanary: too long/ranty to go into. Just know that I dislike them and the effect they've had on mainstream punk music in the last couple decades.
Bronysith has the right idea
ScootaChicken: then jaded
ScootaChicken: yeah they are overrated but its good
Whoever made a dubstep remix of The Circle of Life, I want to shove my foot right up their
GOOD GOD
what are we watching?
<
AttackPony: ass
cachi01: They're nowhere near their best songs though.
/me gives ScootaChicken a cow launcher
cachi01: yes
We're watching the legendary buffer.
LadyCanary: YES.
hmm
HERE guys! Have some TASTE 80s!!!! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rJE_Sc1Wags
cyber_pony13: This Day Aria Rock?
Buffer is best stream
05,15So how bout dat Higgs Boson
Cypresswolf: yeah it the one
ScootaChicken: I also like 21 Guns and Viva La Gloria? (Little Girl)
What are we talking about?
fluttercry: What about it.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fA9bCV7zLv4
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH i want to hug the mane six so much
LadyCanary: I think that most of their stuff is pretty fantastic
so many links
Bronysith: I'd settle for hugging anything.
why is making an OC so haaaaaaaard
/me hugs Meanwhile
[SWAG]Haku: yeah i think we are just sharing links
Unfortunately the last time I actually hugged someone I gave them frostbite.
Haku hugs everyone
cachi01: it isnt really that hard what trouble are you having on it
...you don't... because I care for you too. *gently stroking his neck and back as she holds him*
Meanwhile: your like that one person from the xmen
/me hugs [SWAG]Haku
hai everyone, hada good 4th?
Bronysith: you're*
Hai Dken2021
/me glomps [SWAG]Haku
cyber_pony13: the hair and the face
ScootaChicken: have you listened to the new Teenage Bottlerocket album?
Meanwhile: you're right
yes, come to Haku
/me hugs Haku
I've been listening to them non-stop since the breakup happened yesterday ScootaChicken
Haku feels so loved
:D Dken2021!!!!!
LadyCanary: THEY BROKE UP?
/me noms on Meanwhile s hair
WAT
NO
ScootaChicken: XD NOOO
NO NO NO!
Bronysith my hair is like half an inch long.
YES
cachi01: just keeep playing around with it are you trying to animate your OC or just have it done
Since MY breakup, ScootaChicken :P
Dat kick
inafter ScootaChicken shat himself
hay LadyCanary, feeling better now?
^
LadyCanary: >.>
cyber_pony13: just have it done
<.<
A bit better. D:
/me 13sticks a muffin in LadyCanary's mouth~
13now? :3
Muff-led.
Wah, I was kicked. Sorry ^^"
LadyCanary: Oh god I thought that was some kind of terrible coincidence >.>
BRB trying to kill a mosquito before it fucking kills me
OH JESUS NO ScootaChicken D:
Punch it
i cant!
You can do anthing if you believe!
cachi01: well that isnt so bad it just takes some time i have mine already done though animating him is going to be tough
cachi01: eat it
Also RAWRity I only know Skate or Die, I don't know much of their stuff :<
RX-78-SweetieBot: lol
Hello hello everypony :)
Yo oni_link
FUCK IM FULL WITH MOSQUITO BITES OUCH
helo hello oni_link
PUNCH IT
/me smiles and looks to her, "Well....ahm glad you do" he kisses her on the nose.
LadyCanary: Octavarium.
Haku once punch a fly
it went down, but it got back up
oni_link: hello :$ (while zipping by on zipline)
Twas Haku's most challenging opponent
ScootaChicken: UNF. Images and Words and Metropolis Pt 2 and A Dramatic Change of Events
ScootaChicken: LadyCanary: check this out http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YL8F4Lr31tk
LadyCanary: YUSH.
Pi
[SWAG]Haku, Dken2021 and cyber_pony13 How are you all today? :)
Time to go watch some fireworks.
05,15ahhhhhh I'm so bored
fluttercry: Ikr.
oni_link Oh, Haku is doing well, thank you for asking.
oni_link great, though I won't get to see fireworks
oni_link: not too bad had a good 4th of july you
fluttercry Hi, can Haku call you So?
05,15why
Haku kids
[SWAG]Haku: Good to hear :P
My internet is being a douche, can't access RAWRity's link ;_;
ScootaChicken: FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
Dken2021: Aww why not?
Oh screw it. Time to flip a coin.
cyber_pony13: Ooh what did you do?
RAWRity: What is it? Might be able to check Spotify
Haku flips coins only to dicide what Haku wants during the last second of flipping
d
ScootaChicken: "Cruising for Chicks" by Teenage Bottlerocket. fav song off their new album.
CHAT DERPED
So how about that there weather?
Tails. Video game it is.
Off to unify Japan! :3
05,15I've got it!
oni_link: went to the beach with my friends, grilled, drank, swam in the ocean, and just had fun
I'm happy because I finally got a new phone :)
(and unlock Oichi)
05,15I shall go to TVTropes
Well, have a good trip
damn wrong password
LadyCanary: Those songs are sooo good
heads or tails, heads I play violin, tails I play violin...
On the Backs of Angels
oni_link cousins's family is in birmingham to visit family and noting for me to do here, plus no car
psh, people watching fireworks. I want fireworks, I just listen to this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-R8CrQ8bYi8
cyber_pony13: Sounds awesome! I'm goonna wait til the weekend :P
:3 PULL ME UNDER, ScootaChicken :D So good.
getting away with murder
electric violin, of course
nanananananananananananananananana
oni_link: yeah well we had the middle of the week off so we decided to do it plus this weekend celestia knows how it is going to turn out
Dken2021: Aw dang, well just make the most of it!
TOO MANY CONVERSATIONS!!
cyber_pony13: I LIVE FOR THE WEEKENDS
And Haku isnt part of any!
LadyCanary: Pull me under, I'm not afraid~
Such a good song
oni_link: lol PARTY HARD
O U ScootaChicken
ScootaChicken that did not sound right at all.
Gp hard or go home
cyber_pony13: My body is ready :D
Meanwhile: ...
OH GOD
FUCKS SAKE
God I'm so bored.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUN3yenlCGE&list=FL7mBTcIQIABSacAKWU97GBA&index=54&feature=plpp_video ScootaChicken, SO GOOD
Not even Nail's distress is amusing.
Nail!
LadyCanary, name of the song? Can't access Youtube
NAAAAIILL!!!!
so, was ScootaChicken simply quoting a song, or making a pass at canary?
[SWAG]Haku: That's me...
RAWRity: THE SONG FUCKS SAKE
Nail, I can sense you!
RAWRity: Quoting but it definitely looked that way
>..
ScootaChicken: Oh! It's not a song XD It's a funny video called How John Petrucci Learns new songs
ScootaChicken: oh sure, you say that now
RAWRity: Eh, he has a gf anyway. Two timing bastard.
I hate you all.
LadyCanary lol
ScootaChicken: lova ya too buddy
<3
ScootaChicken: I am mildly fond of you.
ScootaChicken: now go practice bass solos or something, adults are talking now
anything streaming atm?
ScootaChicken: Wait. It suddenly occured to me.
ScootaChicken: wub <3
Meanwhile: yeah?
/me senses ALL OF THE HOMO between ScootaChicken and Meanwhile
ScootaChicken: Your name is ScootaChicken. And in London I choked you.
oni_link: whoa easy there:) i know you're exicted and all but relax alittle
Meanwhile...
Therefore I choked the ScootaChicken.
Oh god.
Oh dear god.
How much dub could dubstep step if dubstep could step dub?
42
/me passes some popcorn to LadyCanary
/me looks around mischievously, "Now what was that Nelaj said T' us? Somethin bout...aww heck ah forget...." he winks to her with a grin.
/me noms on the popcorn
cyber_pony13: :D I kid, but man I havent been out to enjoy myself like in 2 weeks and it feels like forever
LadyCanary: He's underage.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=II9mI-uPdso
Is the Buffer still going?
[SWAG]Haku trick question, it would always drop before you can count
13time to go make things explode
LOOOOOL!
oni_link: yeah i know the feeling try coming back after a deployment
I gotta restart mah computer BRB'
5 minutes of ABSURDITY!
RAWRity: I'm not going to ask why you know that.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yz3MX_pB2Zo
/me glomps Shizuka
And LadyCanary, it's hardly homo, given how much I look like a girl.
^
^^
It's only paedophilia.
^^^
Damn
13eep an attack pony
:3
Silly meanwhile.
:3
Walked into that one.
Meanwhile: had to do a report on age of consent/statutory rape laws for a class in high school
how odd
Wait...
cyber_pony13: whoa , you win :P
Funfact: age of consent in Mexico is 12
RAWRity: I'm more amazed you have an excuse.
((<.< Didn't think that would be referenced later. Oh well. I'm not complaining))
RAWRity: you should've quated chef from southpark about when you are ready
Shizuka: It's meeh, AttackWithHugs...just felt like being shorter
RAWRity: o.o
oni_link: hooray:$ what do i win
RAWRity: brb, moving to Mexico.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdMQcT_RqAs&list=PL297445C6A3381D39&index=7&feature=plpp_video
RAWRity: And you know this how?
Now you can't call me jailbait!
None of you!
Mwhahahaaha!
cyber_pony13: you win a high hoof!!
You all bore Haku
AttackPony: refer to above post about school report on statutory rape laws
ScootaChicken: i still might
Hush up Nailbait.
Haku bids you a farewell!
...
/me high hoof to cyber_pony13
Also Meanwhile, you're a wanker
Literally
Sigh, I wish I could listen to a real thunderstorm instead of the artificial one in the background.
oni_link: high hoof oni link while an explosion and sharks are in background on fire
Is anything streaming right now?
cyber_pony13: and bears with laser guided missiles in the background
ScootaChicken: Choking the chicken beating the meat spanking the monkey doing the old low five playing the solo mambo and launching the lone rocket.
hahaha
Meanwhile: Launching the lone rocket?
That's a new one.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VBIe0R2e-A
That's because I made it up on the spot.
also, I've gotta say, it kind of confuses me that people still ask "how do you know that?" when we live in a world where any and all information is a few keystrokes away.
05,15Why am I listening to brony music? I never do this
Meanwhile: Jerkin the gurkin?
/me giggles, and kisses his cheek, blushing deeply. "Oh, I don't know... maybe we'll remember someday..."
I hate gherkins.
It's not like you have to go to a library and research shit anymore.
fluttercry: obviously your inner pony is taking over >:3
oni_link: and a double sonic rainboom
Meanwhile: what is a gherkin?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0M_2ON9LQh4&feature=BFa&list=PL297445C6A3381D39&index=6
literally you could just type a word into google, click the first suggestion, and learn something new/obscure/weird.
RAWRity: Because we're so used to Google that we'd rather ask someone else, probably.
oni_link: It's like a pickled...something. Huh. I don't even know.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWL0uoi5GYU ^_^
oni_link: Ever heard of google?
So who's up?
RAWRity: the wonders of the internet
ScootaChicken: It adds to the conversation not googling stuff.
hai flutter_spin
Hey everyone!
Allo Reikim
fuck being sociable
Reikim: sup bro /)
I was hoping for stream, but I guess I could go watch Recess: School's Out by myself
he said on a chat room/.
Alright oni_link, I'll go add to the conversation.
cyber_pony13: oh gawd, were doomed
Liokin: (\
Interesting that during the week that I can't watch the trilogy event, there is no trilogy event.
So the stream's down? It's not just me?
/me tries RAWRity's suggestion by typing poniez into google... and then decides bad idea
no we just made everything twenty percent cooler
Spade-Magnes[R]: What's up with being sociable?
/me nips at her playfully, "Maybe....maybe not"
no stream.
Guys, what does ejaculation mean?
<.<
(totally adding to the conversation yo.)
go away
So who else loved MLP Online?
you'll never have to know, ScootaChicken.
:D
ScootaChicken: No.
ScootaChicken: you know what spiderman does with his web shooters? imagine doing that with your pelvis
The internet is really great
/me feels out of place in all the randomness..
ScootaChicken: Wow.
oni_link: Added. To. Conversation.
/me also feels out of place
RAWRity: I saw Spiderman yesterday
ScootaChicken: I see what you did there...
It was pretty good.
ScootaChicken: Ejaculation is the ejection of semen from the male reproductory tract.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6H1JTB6eHiI&feature=BFa&list=PL297445C6A3381D39
/me glomps Reikim
Vocaroo isn't working for me... :(
User0: uh no
/me is glomped
Meanwhile: actually, women cna ejaculate too. it's uncommon, but it happens.
Reikim: Hey, I got people talking.
05,15Hmmm...to play Diablo 3....or play Amnesia and finish the water part. What do?
Tmi dude...tmi
RAWRity: True.
fluttercry: US or EU?
flutter_spin: Play the SCP Containment Breach beta and shit your pants.
fluttercry: finish water part
favorite pokemon anyone? Mine is Houndoom.
*alpha
which has led to the coining of the term "squirter"
DaemonLucius: Mewtow all the way
Yeah ok RAWRity limits.
and for some odd reason, it's too dark to see fireworks
DaemonLucius: Charizard forever
05,15I'm in the US sooo I assume US
WHY WE TALKING ABOUT sexual stuff lol?
RAWRity: I'm not sure whether to be offended or brohoof you for being a magnificent bastard.
Genesect, or Bisharp
RAWRity: Interesting.
Charizard too mainstream
Continue?
fluttercry: Bah, you suck. Go home and play family Amnesia.
Reikim: SCP-173?
BISHARP <3
ScootaChicken: that's about all I have to say on the matter.
Bisharp is best Kamen Rider
AttackPony: Scariest. Shit. Ever. Don't play it.
05,15It's not my fault my family left Wales!
...
I heard Wales.
Reikim: I can't play that game. I'm too much of a pussy to do so :D
You heard a sheep?
/me hunts Wales... wait
You herd a sheep. Get it. Fnar fnar.
Thar she blows?
fluttercry: Man, us Canadians had all the parties on Sunday. No partying in the middle of the week for us.
((Awww. Nelaj won't go to the wedding :( ))
AttackPony: You don't want to. Trust me.
/me 11,01dusts Meanwhile
FACKA YOU WHALE! AND FACKA YOU DORPHEEN!
/me dusts Nittany_Discord. :3
Time to do this the other way...
LadyCanary: I forget, can Bisharp learn dynamic kick?
Reikim what is scary game to play that we shouldnt
Wow I haven't watched South Park in like a year.
/me keeps looking at the clock, wishing that an hour and 20 minutes passes.
Reikim: I've seen Let's Plays of that one...nightmare fuel right there
cyber_pony13: SCP Containment Breach. It's not complete (and it's easy to tell) but damn if it isn't freaking scary.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X1TdTROkJps
oni_link: why you looking at clodk waiting
/me smiles shyly, jumping a little at the nip as usual, nuzzling at his neck and hiding her face there shyly
DAMN IT DERPY y u so epic? http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4212/
Back :P
Somebody should make a fanfic based off SCP-173
Reikim: ...hmm challenge considered
I prefer to restrict my SCP's to the written word.
cyber_pony13: I finally got my Galaxy SIII and thats when my line is active :)
So anyway I'm going to go download MLP Online
...hi
11,01Still can't diagnose what's wrong with my PC.
I would download it but my computer is shit
hai CCCP! :D
hi Dken2021
hai CCCP
Nittany_Discord: try hitting it with a cinder block
Nittany_Discord: Whats the problem with it?
11,01Hi Communism.
hi CCCP
hello AttackPony
f
Allo CCCP.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdMQcT_RqAs&feature=BFa&list=PL297445C6A3381D39
oni_link: nice new phone now where is the hologram app for it
Nittany_Discord hi Bronysith and Meanwhile :)
I'm still annoyed that your name is my initials btw.
/me 5,15trots into the courtyard with a book of magic floating in front of him
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exDn9ycartw Dat Hitler...
/me now wants to play SCP Containment Breach....
Meanwhile: ?
11,01It's not doing a POST at start-up. It just turns on, hard drive spins up for a couple of seconds, and then everything stands still.
Meanwhile sorry!
cyber_pony13: hahaha I know right?
Reikim: CCCP are my initials.
11,01No POST beeps.
lol wut http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PP1xn5wHtxE
Apparently Meanwhile is the ghost of the Soviet Union?
Meanwhile: Are you serious?
What if i'm Meanwhile?
CCCP: :O
Meanwhile: O_o
oni_link: once we have that we either go towards the megaman future or the dead space future hopefully megaman to be like zero
/me is blushing, "Swear hebsaid somethin bout tha hallway....oh well..." he begins massaging down her back slowly, trying to ease her nerves.
Reikim: :3
cyber_pony13: I want that future :O
cyber_pony13: Too late. I am already Zero.
:D Nice! RAWRity
/me badasses with his beam sword
My middle names are awesome.
Michael-Woodchurch Changchung.
Get in.
Guys, Guys, you forgot to poni poni.
ScootaChicken: Literally Changchung?
/me is quite lost in this conversation
Meanwhile: Mum's Chinese.
O3O
Dken2021: they've now resorted to revealing their full names
...Are you serious, Scoota?
ScootaChicken: No shit I knew that but I didn't know that was actually a name.
/me is lost just like Dken2021
Untill I get a better computer I'm not gonna downlaod MLP online
Reikim: oh really which one from the X series or the MMZ series
LadyCanary: Yarp.
and thus Meanwhile was born http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3703/
ScootaChicken: I can relate. Dad's chinese, and my grandparents gave me a Chinese name that I can't even pronounce.
Holy sheet
cyber_pony13: Both.
ScootaChicken: Wait is Chungwangfangtang a real name?
Meanwhile: Probably.
inb4 ScootaChicken is making stuff up to make everypony look racist
LadyCanary: *Horry
Because if so I'm changing one of mine to it.
oni_link: hopefully otherwise we got necromorphs everywhere:O
RAWRity: Wish I was.
Hey guys, would like to show you myself ponified. His wings are up to show the cutie mark better. http://i45.tinypic.com/2qlu3cp.png
Being Chinese sucks, mum forces me to play the violin and piano and shit
That buffalo pokemon in gen 5 looks rediculace
And when I suck at Maths she rages at me
/me 5,15The spine reads, 'Of the Metaphysical Repercussions Concerning the Use of Magic and Modern Writing' and a large silk thread is holding a well worn page open for him as he sits on a bench facing the fountain.
Reikim: but arent they two different zero's
well, in the spirit of Engrish: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bWIrPL4IhZ0
/me giggles
Dat kick.
and why is Big_Macintosh_1992 a pegasus? :-P
Because I bling gleat disglace upon the farimy.
RAWRity: /)
Big_Macintosh_1992: why is your CM the logo from Jackie Chan Adventures?
ScootaChicken: Please, I wish I'd been forced to do something when I was younger. I'd probably be less of a miserable talentless dead-end.
I havent thought of this video in years! Just now came to mind with RAWRity's previos video - Chocobo Robo Voice - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M1MRcK0HBpg
Fuck that was a depressing sentence.
Well hen3ry Big Mac is my fav. character but I like the pegusi
RAWRity: its the Mortal Kombat Logo
RAWRity you're joking right?
ScootaChicken: You are chinese. You are not allowed to suck at maths.
Theres a miqueto in here and its annoying me, but i don't want to kill her!!! WAT DO!! :((((
Meanwhile: Not as depressing as My Chemical Romance's entire discography.
...
misqueto*
/me shudders
Reikim: The Scottish half of me cancels that out.
In the words of the raving rabbits... DAHHHHHH :[ I hate when flash crashes
CCCP: use fire it always works for me
ScootaChicken: Idk what that means but ok.
(anypony want to rp?)
cyber_pony13: i don't have fire :(
ScootaChicken: Bullshit, I'm part Irish and I still eat maths for breakfast.
CCCP: if not i'll tele over there
CCCP: try to fan it out with a paper
/me mmms, relaxing a little, presing into it slightly. "Oh well... doesn't matter, long as I'm with you."
((I can if ya want))
I'm half Hungarian and I don't even eat breakfast.
Go figure.
Reikim: Blegh, I'm good at English, Drama, Music, History and Latin, sue me.
....
(I would enjoy some company)
/me listens to PewdiePie's theme too pass the time
Meanwhile: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/536/
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dSY_d_Gz8Qc :) Huzzah Randomeness
what ever i suppose it will make me a better person if i let it suck my blood
ScootaChicken: Latin? Damn, I wish I got the opportunity to learn that.
((Okay. Do you want the hyperactive zebra with ADD. Or the eternal pegasus?))
that horrible feel when Adobe Flash crashes :(
CCCP: no dont that is what it wants
(hehe, whichever you'd find more enjoyable)
cyber_pony13: sooo, im being generous like Rarity
Oh look, we're talking about races and otakon arrives.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iof5pRAIZmw
RAWRity: I have a half-Native friend. She eats cereal and granola bars for breakfast.
This should be fun.
from all the complaints I hear about adobe flash, I guess I shouldn't update then
ScootaChicken: Lol
((I think that's obvious))
hiya ScootaChicken ...what?
races?
Sup, otakon
otakon can't run.
chat derrrrrrrrrp
did I miss BoB?
Do hoho
Isn't otakon a dwarf?
On fire?
otakon: nope
otakon: Hasn't even been on yet.
Meanwhile: I can too! ...Just not far.
otakon's a bear.
(it really isn't :P )
Meanwhile: goodie!
Dken2021: I honstly don't know if you should or shouldn't
RAWRity: I am a bear.
otakon: Yeah, you might not want to be here right now, we might start igniting the urge to lynch someone in you.
otakon: Was meant to be on an hour ago.
RX-78-SweetieBot: enope, and hiya
I had a video with Psycho Twilight zoning out listening to that song, but got deleted months ago :) Shame really, always got the best O_o reactions :D
CCCP: i dont think rarity would let a mosquito do that to her especially knowing all the things you can get from them
So now otakon's a French bear-dwarf on fire. Who is also drunk.
ScootaChicken: oh really?
otakon: I don't think you know which kind of bear I'm refering to
/me murrs as he works his hooves rhythmically down her back; eventually getting to her flank and slowing his massage down.
And he's already kicked
inb4 goddamnitwrekbot
I'm back everypony........HAPPY 4TH OF JULY!
Man I love that.
Reikim: i was yesterday
and otakon kicked again, what a surprise
i guess...
/me gives RAWRity a beer
Meanwhile: who is???
God it's just like the good old days
Meanwhile: I'm so glad my kick makes you happy :p
CCCP Because it's 4th of July
I'm back
inb4 dammitgod
WTH IS UP WITH THE 4TH OF JULY????!!!!
RX-78-SweetieBot: so, buffs?
Only thing that's missing is 'IS ANYONE ELSE GETTING A FUCKTON OF LAG???!!???'
Eurgh, I should really eat more, I just noticed how easy it is to feel my own ribs.
why do people care?
otakon: I'll post them in the skype
RX-78-SweetieBot: danke
CCCP: it about the day US signed the decleration of independance
i knoe
know*
I'm garrus vakarian and this is my rectum
/me pants softly, laying down there and letting him massage her body, smiling a bit shyly back at him as he massages her flanks.
...
Shepard.
Wrex.
Meanwhile: Wrex?
Wrek.
Yaaaaay
RX-78-SweetieBot: FUCKING TURRETS
Dken2021 :P
Thanks Dark92Enigma :)
CCCP: it significant to us because it when we could say we are our own country plus we take it to honor all those who've served and sacrifice for our country
Why are people patriotic anyway? i don't get it
You can fight like a Krogan, run like a leopard but you'll never be better than Commander Shepard.
cyber_pony13: yeah yeah, i know
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
Sure thing.
Reikim: Indeed they are :P
also another excuse to get drunk in july
/me yawns "Nothing to do..." he ponders "I guess I'll see what's going on elsewhere." he dashes to the courtyard noticing Ret and rushing over to him "Hiya! I'm Nelaj. What's your name?"
(douchebags)
Reikim: the barbeques are great
/me Happy Independence Day, let's celebrate with ''Independence Day''
CCCP: then why you XD
Independence Day was a good film.
The 4th of July is POINTLESS! :[
Us Canadians have something similar. The alcohol is traditional, you see: when the Canadians signed their independance from the Empire, they celebrated with literally a boatload of booze.
Birdy gets a memory of what Nelaj said "Don't get too crazy now." ((Because I can))
ScootaChicken I can't tell, i'm Chilean but i respect all the nations equally
/me 5,15"Reticent, I'm usually holed up in my room." He points to the large dome-like structure on the roof with a giant window.
Dark92Enigma: You're one up on otakon then.
ScootaChicken: but, our countries are allies :(
CCCP: exactly!
ScootaChicken Why?
/me looks up "...Wow. How did I not notice that before?"
Mmm, I prefer to appreciate people, not nations. Because let's face it, there are a lot of good people living in countries with crappy governments.
Dark92Enigma: You should hear about the things otakon wants to do to black people.
11,01So many explosions outside.
Trust me, it ain't pretty.
Reikim: so true
ScootaChicken: what?
/me 5,15"Well you can really only see it from the center of the courtyard."
I can't even see the fireworks where I am
ScootaChicken: WHAT?
Reikim: and the vice versa would be true, if there were any non-crappy governments.
Well i must admit i saw the moon today and it was freaking RED!
Ohai otakon.
otakon is the worst pony.
/me lurks
CCCP: Where do you live that the moon is surprising?
/me 5,15looks around, "Which seems to be vacant more often than not."
/me works his hooves all over, gradually working his way to her stomach. Birdy is slightly straddling her as he works, actually doing a good job of massaging her.
ScootaChicken, you're trolling on otakon OR what you say is right?
Reikim: Mars
/me shakes the thought from his head.
otakon is it true?
Dark92Enigma: dear God no
Red sky at night, shepards delight.
CCCP: Mars has like three moons.
2
One more hour... AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH I needs my phone
Same here, Nittany_Discord
11,01Two moons.
brb need a drink
Red sky in the morning, thatched cottage on fire at the end of the village.
Thanks Nitt
and I think both Martian moons are too small to be seen with the naked eye from the Martian surface
11,01Phobos and Deimos.
This chat is DED.
/me looks around "...Yeah. I was hoping more ponies would be here. But at least I get to meet a new one!"
/me slowly rolls on her back to let him get to her stomach, eyes closed, relaxing completely under him, smiling softly
Homophobos.
BRBRBRBRBR
otakon Not that i would doubt it....but why the rumour?
Meanwhile: hahaha
11,01Oh Meanwhile. :p
:3
Hey look, I learned something today.
:P
...Wait a minute
I should really start coming here regularly again.
Reikim: What?
That's a really dirty innuendo in the chorus.
oni_link: Mars has two moons, named Phobos and Deimos.
ScootaChicken: ?
/me 5,15chuckles, "I'm more of a facet of the architecture here now than a new face huh? I've been around since this place was an empty plot. Now look at all the full plot around you!" He winks lewdly
ScootaChicken He (otakon) denied it
Reikim: Oh yeah, Oh right, take it easy baby, we can last all night.
Reikim: oh that. *face hoofs themself*
Yep.
Totally kosher.
its like the british Flag but less interesting
Dark92Enigma: ofc I denied it, bc I'm not racist
Someone should stream...something. Anything. Just put me out of this boredom loop.
otakon: But why do you hate Negromancers then?
i think i finished my oc
CCCP the stars represent the states, the stripes represent the original colonies
otakon I Know, but my question is Who spreaded the rumor
Eyup.
And the field represents the corporations that own them all?
Dken2021 what does the red white and blur represent?
silly otakon. everyone knows that saying youre not racist is the fastest way to prove you're racist
blue*
(( Gotta love dem plot holes XD ))
RAWRity: Almost. "I'm not racist, but..." that's the fastest way.
RAWRity: the hell.
((I see what you did there))
RAWRity: 'I'm not racist, I just don't like black people.'
its kind of true lol
11,01Next year, the 50 stars will be replaced by 50 corporate logos, each a political sponsor.
11,01:p
Quick question, is the chat accesible through Android OS?
Nittany_Discord: I used to have that flag
Hai gais
Deeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaad
Nittany_Discord xD
Nittany_Discord: Sounds about right
hi GabeMoist
11,01I know that flag exists as a joke.
Allo GabeMoist
Hai GabeMoist
Full plot °_o)
Nittany_Discord: I see you've read "Infinite Jest" eh?
ScootaChicken: "I'm not racist, I'm just otakon."
11,01No.
Hello GabeMoist
Dark92Enigma: it's from LC one day overhearing me on Skype saying I hate Necromancers. He twisted my words into something different and the mayhem began.. Guess what word?
Ded
Ded like Airman
CCCP I think they're just colors, kinda forgot
11,01Just a cynical view.
Ded like arrow in the knee jokes
I'm not racist but I liked this neighbourhood a lot more before the robots moved in.
Ded like my cat.
oh
otakon: negromancers???
11,01Good job beating ACTA.
otakon The ''N'' one?
11,01Go Europe.
oni_link: eeyup
Nittany_Discord: ACTA got beat? YAY.
THANK YOU BACONMANE!
Meanwhile: you synthetic hating otakon.
Ded like the reaction to your jokes.
otakon, I don't get why you're so racist, I mean, you're a minority yourself, being French.
/me is massaging closer and closer to her sex, stopping just above before laying down next to her with a happy sigh.
fluttercry: on what?
05,15steam
Steam sales are on the 12th
Ded like Meanwhile's soul.
otakon NOW IT MAKES SENSE :P :D
I smell a flamewar
fluttercry: dude, just buy it for a goddamn console
Dark92Enigma: and there you have it
Meanwhile: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4838/
brb need a drink STILL
fluttercry it's cheap on amazon
assuming there is a soul
http://derpy.me/NORLc Happ 4th of july!!!!!
fluttercry you can get it for free for pc ^-^
/me raises an eyebrow "Did you...build this place or something?"
Cobellanez: cant wait!
05,15why would I do that otakon?
otakon: but you wont have as much fun. Mods are fun
Bronysith: Me neither!
souls can die ?
Souls can die
/me 11,01salutes the sickle and star
Also yes, assuming there is a soul.
Nittany_Discord: yay
/me 5,15sighs and puts his bookmark in place before tucking it into his saddle bag. "I'm just not the type of pony to get involved with that anymore... And yes, well, with Silver's help of course."
Also souls can be sold
/me feels happy
/me nesstles softly to his side, kissing his cheek softly. "You're so sweet to me."
Nittany_Discord: do the men from Kazakhstan make your blocks tho?
I didn't cry when I was born. That's a sign of not having a soul.
I think they just cease to exist as opposed to dying
11,01Yes.
what are you guys talking about?
Multiple times, although that makes for an awkward situation when the buyers come to collect.
...
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4839/
Meanwhile, RX-78-SweetieBot.
fluttercry it's 7.49 on amazon
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: I'm so confused
I need to talk to you two.
Also, clearly Meanwhile sold his soul at birth.
Bronysith: sooo cute
ScootaChicken: What about?
ScootaChicken: I lend you my ear.
The question is to whom.
But give it back because I need it
ScootaChicken U2?
/me still questioning "Silver?"
ScootaChicken You Tube?
ScootaChicken Just kidding
God these ads on mips are annoying.
/me facepalms that ponies still dont know silver or Ret. they need some kind of plaque )
>.>
/me 5,15"Oh, I nearly forgot. Here's my card." His horn shimmers and a business card plinks out of thin air, slowly rotating in place. A picture of Reticent and the instructions are printed on it's front.
Reikim Tell me about it
/me smiles and kisses her back, "Only because y' deserve it...."
When is Jellybean coming out?
oni_link: Not sure...later this year, that's all I know
Dark92Enigma: I keep getting the "eastern european girls" one. Dammit, I'm not that desperate, Internet!
its also really hot, and theres annoying capitalist music playing! Fireworks making noise and showing Bland none Red and yellow colors! everyones eating fucking hamburgers and talking about how awesome we are :[
oni_link: I'm gonan guess October?
For fucks sake internet, I don't care about this Nicole person who is single, horny and in my area.
AttackPony: I just saw a preview. I want it soo bad. That was less for the wait for ICS if thats true :)
ScootaChicken: preach on :D
oni_link: Oh god you're making me drool.
ScootaChicken: /)
ScootaChicken: i do
/me takes the card and reads it
Nicole doesn't exist!
Preach it ScootaChicken
She is a creation of the Internet!
Nicole is a man!
AttackPony: I drooled myself, the new maps and Google now , oh lawd :3
On a related note, otakon is a chatbot!
/me 5,15'If something happens to you here and I can help then don't hesitate to burn this card. Stand back, results are imminent and may vary.'
oni_link: Sweet Celestia!
SCOOTALOO FUKKIRETA http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3315/
ScootaChicken: Well of course you wouldnt be interested in her Jennifer.
Reikim: I am not.
oni_link: You read Redmond Pie?
otakon: A chatbot would say just that!
Reikim: No, a chat bot would probably troll
Reikim: what do I have to do to prove I'm not a chatbot?
/me 5,15"There's a bit of my magic in every one of those cards, so keep it safe until you need me."
AttackPony: I don't at the moment, what is that?
otakon = cleverbot is now canon?
Is there a stream? 6_9
RX-78-SweetieBot: I have a girlfriend now, must repress lustful urges.
How can people like scootaloo more than Sweetiee belle?
otakon: Because we're all bored and it would be amusing?
Be right back~
So I'm afraid Nicole shall have to wait for another man to satisfy her urges.
Ponies47: Nope :P
oni_link: It's a site that has all the news concerning and iOS platforms and Android/Google
oni_link: Ohai. Thanks mate :)
/me not sure what he's talking about "Um thanks. I can do a little magic myself you know?"
ScootaChicken: are you kidding? jump her bones dammit! Well, nothing wrong with some petting at least as long as she's alright with it.
Ponies47: no problem, how are ya today?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5jKuYOotsA&feature=my_liked_videos&list=LLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw
11,02dingalingaling :3
Seeing some of the reviews and whatnot for Amazing Spiderman, I'm surprised to see so many people shitting on the original SPider-man movie. I loved that one.
/me hugs SuperBrony64
oni_link: Good :P
AttackPony: Oh, I go on the Verge :)
otakon: That made no sense and you are confusing.
/me 5,15"Hmmm? Impressive, I didn't know Zebras had magic."
/me hugs AttackPony back :3
oni_link: You?
ohai SuperBrony64
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dsl6s--DYZk&feature=related this is such a happy video
Ponies47: Great, fireworks and all that haha
dat SuperBrony64 :3
RAWRity: Newest instalment wins I guess.
11,02Hai :D
oni_link: Link please. I started droolingas soon as you said Jellybean
Ring ring ring ring ring ring ring, SuperBrony64 -phone.
<otakon> ScootaChicken: are you kidding? jump her bones dammit! Well, nothing wrong with some petting at least as long as she's alright with it.
RAWRity: I found Peter Parker in the new one more relatable, because in this one he was just your standard hormonal teenage douchebag,
11,02^-^
Also, he was British.
/me 11,01dusts SuperBrony64
I did not understand
I heard the new Spiderman movie sucked balls
/me glomps SuperBrony64
Someone please explain to me this sentence?
RX-78-SweetieBot: DAFUQ
Dat SB64
and was at best one step up from the Green Lantern movie
ScootaChicken: see, I hate hormonal teenage douchebags, so I feel like I'm gonna hate this one.
I heard otakon sucked balls.
oni_link: Fireworks? Fireworks are banned in Wisconsin due to no rain :(
/me "You need some training. And a family history of magic users."
Ponies47: wow that sucks
11,01Why didn't they keep the last Spiderman timeline going?
mistake, one HALF step above the Green Lantern movie
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: IKR?
otakon, what the fuck does jump her bones mean.
11,01Or was that going to be a bad idea?
Nittany_Discord: bc no one wanted to do it anymore
otakon: I've heard the oppisite. Everyone I've seen keeps saying it's tons better than the Raimi films.
Really, what the hell does that even mean?
Ponies47: We're badasses in my neighborhood. :D
Is otakon drunk?
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4040/
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FiARsQSlzDc&feature=BFa&list=LLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw
I guess Spiderman 3 ruined it?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Even sparklers! :(
No clue
RAWRity: He was likeable enough though. Mostly because British.
Touché SuperBrony64. You mean spirited wenchman.
oni_link: NICE
Nittany_Discord: spider-man 3 kina shit the bed for a lot of villains.
ScootaChicken: nvm, just forget i said it
AttackPony: I gotta find it again hold up :P
then again its very hot
Okay
/me 5,15"I've heard of mystical concoctions and remedies of all sorts, what does your family specialize in?"
/me hugs Meanwhile
/me hugs SuperBrony64 back.
Guys I'm trying to find a video
otakon: Tell me what 'jump her bones' means or I'll start a new meme about you.
heres a funny joke: A man walks into a bar, he is an alcoholic and is ruining his family.
The last movie Spiderman timeline was okay, but Parker was kind of whiny towards the end. He didn't have the casual danger dialogue that makes Spiderman awesome.
I can not see the entire chat locked inside of a school. I just CAN'T.
it means her jump on her bones
MLP FIM related, where we see someone commenting on Twilight's Sparkle saddest cry in the finale of S2.
I've eyt to see spider-man, but the promotional material I've seen so far has made me dread the dialogue. Good GOD was that stuff bad.
13i am confused by this channel
Guys
"Look at that face, it's torn apart"
ScootaChicken: To jump someones bones means you want to tap that.
8,6how young do you have to be to not understand that saying?
What does 'Jump her bones' mean?
I'm excited to see the return of web shooters, but this one has Gwen Stacy, and we all know what that means...
Dude I just told you in mane
/me glomps kirzstryfe
Pay attention.
kirzstryfe: hey how are you?
wait
8,6tired
kirzstryfe: Young isn't always the issue. Naive sometimes is.
11,01I never heard of jumping someone's bones.
he's 15
Nail didnt know what that means?
/me hugs kirzstryfe
Dear god jailbait
Shizuka: This channel is ded, that's why.
11,01And I'm 29.
he's at the age he should of heard of it by now
/me "Well...My family specializes in alchemy which requires some knowledge of magic. But...I didn't want to follow my family tredition."
Nittany_Discord: you're sheltered than
/me has an old soul at 28.
Jailbait? When did jailbait come into it?
/me gives kirzstryfe caffeine
Nittany_Discord: Really? always thought you were in your mid-twenties..
http://derpy.me/gIyk0
I'm 19 and I know what jumping someones bones mean.
No stream right?
are we...
otakon: I'm also British. We don't say 'I'd like to jump her bones'. We say 'Oi'd fuckin' give her a right good shaggin'.'
11,01I've heard of getting leg.
ScootaChicken is always the jailbait
is that another term for gang up?
ScootaChicken: amen.
you should know this
I think most of us find that out by 16 at least nowadays
doing the horizontal hokey pokey?
ScootaChicken: god, that sounds worse.
8,6it's not an energy thing Bronysith, I'm just tired
For the lord did sayeth "Damn son you gotta tap that good"
ZXD
AttackPony: http://www.theverge.com/2012/7/3/3134347/android-4-1-jelly-bean-review
I learned all my innuendoes from fantasy novels, so...
kirzstryfe: ooooooh
ScootaChicken is eternal Jailbait.
I did not but now I do.
Also a trap
13not sure if i could run through portal before bob starts
Because he looks like a lass.
kirzstryfe: busy day?
Jailbait-trap?
oni_link: 4.1? I thought jellybean was 5
Indeed.
Shizuka... BoB?
kirzstryfe: if you're tired why don't you go to bed? I'm sure you had a busy day~
/me mmms and nuzzles at his cheek, smiling shyly. "Maybe we should climb in bed instead of laying here in the middle of the hallway."
Reikim: getting flaxen haired maidens to "Shine your shield" eh? *wink, wink, nudge, nudge*
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kDA9NbPAK8o <something suitably patriotic
whats BoB?
Who's Bob and why is he startin'?
also, not sure that was a wise phrase there
RAWRity: What planet?
11,01I'm not sure I can resist hugging Shizuka before BoB starts.
Reikim: I was 14 when these guys first met me, hence jailbait.
8,6still too early for bed
AttackPony: So did I, they need to be more consistant with their updates :/
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka
BoB = Battery Operated Boyfriend :)
11,01Dammit.
I'm now 15, so still jailbait.
Speaking of Jellybean...did anyone read that article about the jellybeans in the Andoid mascot cooking from the inside?
Doesn't get better.
Ryunosuke: huh? why not?
Ryunosuke: lol
...okay then.
11,01Shizuka is just too huggable.
see above :)
And you really look like a lass?
kirzstryfe: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5169/
Ryunosuke: no, Band of Brothers nto Bob
D'aw :3c
AttackPony: I didn't! :O
You should see the pic of him in makeup.
Well he certainly doesnt look much like a man.
oh that bob :)
Judge for yourself: http://a8.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/395729_2634317699389_296517139_n.jpg
Bronysith: Me in a nutshell :P
otakon: Mostly sword jokes. Usually involving the length and width of the blade, and the temperament of the steel.
Why was the boy sad?
oni_link: Let me find the link....
Dude your hair got long.
K
Because he had a frog stapled to his face
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/661/ This is me with ponies
Meanwhile: This was before my massive haircut
Bronysith: Or, Sleep if for the people who are logical.
Ah.
Reikim: and spears and the shining of them
So I think this picture is about... four months ago?
Not sure
Oh my god ScootaChicken
:D
Spade-Magnes[R]: haha me too :D
You really do look like a lass
Spade-Magnes[R]: ponies make me sleep better
Buahahaha
Lusty Argonian Maid...a classic
well... we are talking about ... sex, and shizuka talks about jumping through portals and BoB's :)
FlareChaser: actually sleep IS for the weak
(( http://derpiboo.ru/31768 ))
SLEEP IS FOR THE WEAK. Ya'll dan't wanna know how late I stay up :P
otakon: There were some very busty sword-swallowers involved, too.
Reikim: :O
/me looks around with a smile, "Ah think so...." he nips at her stomach, "Yours?"
FlareChaser: you get weaker during the day and you must rest to regain your strength
*don't
You're like the opposite of one of my friends
Ponies47: fourever?
/me 5,15bursts out in laughter and takes Nelaj into a friendly hug by the shoulder. "My father wanted me to run a coal mine, and now I'm a writer and supervisor of a communal mansion! Things rarely turn out like our parents plan."
otakon: 5ever
She a chick that looks like a dude?
/me hugs Shizuka its okay :)
thank you urban dictionary, now I know what jumping her bones mean
otakon: About 5:00 AM or later :P
Mmmm... sounds good to me. *kisses his cheek and slowly stands, heading towards her room*
lol
Bronysith: dat dolan :D
I have a friend who's a girl, but massively tomboyish, and people mistake her for a dude all the time.
/me hugs Shizuka "How are you tonight?"
We should hook her up with Neil.
13time for scrcap to fail to keep up
Bronysith actualy is dolan
Pisses her off slightly, especially when they're rude about it.
Fuck off, I'm taken : P
13calling it now
cachi01 pls
hahahaha
What is a vampire's favourite dessert?
lololol
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/815/ This is also me when I have ponies to watch
I have a lot of friends who look like guys from afar but aren't, actually.
FlareChaser actually is going to play TF2 in a bit.
blood pudding?
:3
:)
Vampires aren't real.
I hear explosions, but I don't see any :(
Disregard sleep,watch ponies
oni_link: http://www.redmondpie.com/android-4.1-jelly-bean-mascot-couldnt-handle-the-heat-falls-prey-to-mother-earth-image/
I have a musics that pertains to ScootaChicken: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nf0oXY4nDxE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqT0iFZifgw&feature=related my theme song
:D
Bronysith: did we ever finish that video?
Needs more Kingdom Hearts music
RAWrity If the kids from the Magical School Bus are the Planeeters from Captain Planet, then EVERYTHING IS POSSIBLE :P
(I'm going to grab a bite to eat, so I probably won't be very talkative afterwards, would it be alright if we kind of cut it here with some friendly remarks?)
/me is surprised by the hug "Really?"
Dark92Enigma: Can never unsee.
Bronysith: Sweet :3
I'd laugh harder if my connection weren't piss-poor atm
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgvUS1UEGV0
I'm right, aren't I.
Earth, fire, wind, water, heart. By your powers combined I am Captain Planet.
((If you want dude))
Yes
I need a theme song now :3
But really
What kind of lame power is heart anyway?
/me smiles and follows close behind her.
LETS SING A SONG!
My voice (sort of?) makes up for it
i wonder if Shizu is going to stream
You're on par with Bridget of Guilty Gear
Ponies47: What song>
AttackPony: Thats hillarious
Oh hai portal
Ponies47: ONLY IF ITS WINTER WRAP UP!
yay i made an o AND OMFG PORTAAAAAAAAAAAAAL
oni_link: I knowwww...
Honestly, especially wiht the blurriness of the image.
dat stream
Which, whilst still high, isn't going to make anyone think I'm a girl.
I JUST HAD AN ORGASM
THE CAKE IS A LIE
oh God
You'd be surprised.
Dat radio.
O GOD
:O
yup
wat
behold, powers that are better than heart http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A_rgKH2FFAo
Nah forget singing because STREAM!
portal fuck yes}
suddenly stream
FlareChaser: or dat lack of it
Heard that.
Meanwhile can probably testify it doesn't get any better without the blur.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/3813/
YES
JUMP ON IT!
Am I weird if I listen to Kingdom Hearts Music non stop?
BUFAR
I've never played Portal or Portal 2. Should I be forever banned?
oni_link: wat.
It doesn't.
AttackPony: no
whoa a stream
/me 5,15"Yeah, I ran away before my parents had the chance to tie me down to the whole thing. My cousin runs it now. Hey, somepony just called for me, but I really enjoyed your company, perhaps we'll bump into each other again soon?"
yes AttackPony :3
:D
AttackPony: no, you're fine
dat portal
AttackPony: you will be 5ever banned
/me is distracting SuperBrony64 from #bronystate
Computer aided enrichment buffer.
gah, nise
/me 00,02starts thinking with portals
:3
Or with a haircut for that matter.
noise
friendship is not magic, there is no such thing as magic
Spade-Magnes[R]: hearing to amazingmusical pieces of art is not weird
FlareChaser: thats just me , its back
STREAM
Shizu's stream is just freaking out
Ohai Phase4 :)
k ._.
Buffer....
/me portals through Phase4's head
dat mariachi band
00,02Shizuka, you going to do the radio game thing?
Yay, it just got awesome in here
Too funny
btw i made an oc http://oi50.tinypic.com/wu5wdz.jpg suggestions for a name?????????????????
Phase4: isnt it audiosurf?
Open portal insert foot.
bonk
Cube to the head.
cachi01: blank flank
A WHAT?
00,02Darkts3|Drawing|MLG, lolwut
cachi01: Chicken Wing.
cachi01: Something young
dat music
/me nods "Yeah. Sure dude. Nice meeting you."
Yeaaah..
Phase4: lolwat?
Joy Wings
cachi01: pony
I want to play Portal but I am broke
CCCP: dat name
lol
anyone else's stream just freaking out?
Damn it why do I keep buffering
Stream wonderful
lolwat
RAWRity: im lazy to find a cutie mark for him
i keep seeing Chell teleport around o_o
Eh, it's nearly 3:30 in the morning and I'm tired.
FlareChaser: i dont want scootaloo in his name
G'night everypony.
night Meanwhile
night, Meanwhile
Suddenly elevator
night Meanwhile sleep well
good night Meanwhile
night Meanwhile
cachi01: flash flight :P
night Meanwhile
GOD DAMN BUFFER
(( brb ))
Night Mean- god damnit..
ahhhhhhh this buffering :[
RAWRity: i like the brand name
SNACKS
http://derpy.me/w1ceH http://derpy.me/WtbSe http://derpy.me/yy15y
(Aight )
Snacks~
Hi Midnight_Tempest!!!
THE DEER IS A LIE!
hi Midnight_Splendor
Quit buffering god damn it
hi Midnight_Tempest
Spade-Magnes[R]: I share your pain :(
dat cube
bluh?
xD
Dat feel when Flalsh freaks the *yay* out under you
You broke it
im using a mlp name generator and i wont call my OC mister beard lol
TELEPORT
the stream needs to be restarted, i keep seeing differnet rooms in sections
Hey, I recognize this track
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3wk4kmtEd1r5vqx2o1_1280.png
cachi01: mister beard?? :D
This is Shizu's Cathedral Mix I.
cachi01 sounds like a perfect name
When the hell did Chell learn to teleport?
I'm not sur ehow that's related but okay.
there there's this one: http://photo.cosplay.com/305344/3155904.jpg
is not i'm just bored
Spade-Magnes[R]: When she got all the Chaos Emeralds
So are we all.
Why is Chell breaking all the doors?
Now that we're done messing with ScootaChicken, what now?
RAWRity you seemed to have linked to a .xml file
or maybe that's just me
/me 11,01dusts Spade-Magnes[R]
Knock Knock
Midnight_Tempest: appeared?
/me walks away back to the parlor
You cant dust a program
Also Shizuka's mixes goes weirdly with Portal. But not unpleasantly.
I have no physical form
Dken2021: I saw it too
11,01I'm an expert maid. I can dust anything.
Unnr: sorry... to tired... cant combust...
11,01Anything I want.
Nittany_Discord: Dust the SUN?
Why does chell keep breaking the doors?
Nittany_Discord: o_o
no one? ....oh okay :s
11,01Yes.
Aaaannnyytthiinggg?
/me breaks out the glowsticks!
/me drops the bass
/me gives Midnight_Tempest sectet energy whiskey... I mean drink...
BASS CANNON
Spade-Magnes[R]: Dammit man, those things are expensive you know.
Buffer!
wubwubwubwub
Fireworks then Softll be up Nelaj)
/me drops all the bass
Dust the second demension Nittany_Discord
http://us6.memecdn.com/This-Isnt-Even-My-Final-Form_o_115644.jpg
RAWRity: hahahaha
11,01Oh great. There's bass everywhere.
Unnr: oh man... *takes a drink and waits*
((Eh okay))
RAWRity: I think I just lost a bit of my soul, that was so adorable.
:)
/me glomps Midnight_Splendor
/me glomps Midnight_Tempest
thats what i meant
http://anongallery.org/img/0/9/this-isnt-even-my-final-form.jpg
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2051/
/me throws the bass at Reikim 's face
poor Midnight_Splendor is going to get so much crossfire love
First off, I love how in Oklahoma, on the 4th; it mightswell be d-day. Explosions everywhere and constant ambulance sirens. Fires on horizons. Good times...)
WHY U BUFFAH SO MUCH STREAM
/me takes a string instrument to the face, and breaks it. It then proceeds to spontaneously combust.
11,01Shizuka did a nice trick there.
Bronysith: that relevance
:(
STOP TELEPORTING
RAWRity: what IS that?
Eh, instruments don't seem to react well to my face.
oni_link: high fashion
/me 11,01plays the clarinet and talks about the magic of friendship.
Silly Shizu
i will just call him cachi lol
http://derpy.me/8xIPJ
Chell keeps teleporting
RAWRity: :D
Nittany_Discord: When did you become a bard?
What is with her?
11,01Because *explodes*
Nittany_Discord, can you dust Art? as in the concept of it
13refresh your stream then
cachi01: sounds good :P
13the problem is not my end
odl
WooHoo! Portal :)
11,01Mutterguy: Dunno. I can try.
This game looks so awesome
That works
AttackPony: it IS
because ower thirst says you ccan win at it and i was wondering...
The floor is Lava :O *waves hooves*
Hiya everypony :)
:(
Nittany_Discord: Eeyup
the ammount of buffering here is rediculace
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/3/n-u0NWgtHEGijyO-Rz1sxw2.png
Nittany_Discord: You gotta admit though, she got awsome towards the end of the first one
13Spade-Magnes[R]: the problem is your end
So guys
oni_link: I wish I culd play it but I don't have the money, for one. And two, I don't know if my computer would react well. I have TF2 and don't play it anymore because my externam mouse doesn't work.
13what do you expect me to do?
Portal 2 is best portal
I'm going to bed
Night :3
My connection is fine though
AttackPony: atleast you can play tf2
RAWRity: That's jsut depressing.
Night, ScootaChicken
Spade-Magnes[R]: dude, it's gotta be you since even MINE is fine
13evidently not
bye ScootaChicken sleep well
AttackPony: i cant play freaking luna game without lagging
Spade-Magnes[R]: Your IP might be QOSing you.
bye ScootaChicken
otakon has no lag?
What has the world come to.
cya ScootaChicken
QOSing... the fuck?
just need to keep refressing
AttackPony: I know that feel, I bought the Orange Box for 360 to tide me over until I have enough for a new tower.
yes portal
Also Spade-Magnes[R], connectio =/= bandwidth.
cachi01: I can but with a laptop touchpad? Not the easiest thing in the world. One of my USb ports is broken which means the other one doesn't work either.
Spade-Magnes[R]: clear you cache, check for updates, restart your browser and set local storage for the stream on unlimited is all I can say.
Hello
/me bites Vampire
:'(
Vampire: bet you werent expecting that
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/22/Pa9WSNfwGUaGORH-FVw97A2.jpg
Hello, Vampire
hey can anyone help me with a FiM fic I'm writing?
Need a pre reader
/me bites back, turning Bronysith into a vampire
RAWRity: That last image. That happened.
/me doesn't have to deal with cache or any of that jazz cause they use Nightly with no info saved
Vampire: cant work
Xaiden: CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
Vampire: im a time lord sith
lol
Lol
Xaiden: Depends on what you want me to do, though...
I see....
Reikim: it did, yes. Apparently they played through an entire Dungeon raid like that.
Reikim: Grammar, misspelled/missing words, simple stuff like that
Since they felt like cuddling, but wanted to game.
RAWRity: I kind of want a girlfriend like that.
Reikim: Maybe some ideas/suggestions if you got any
I do too
Xaiden: How many chapters?
thats better
4 released so far, the fifth is the one I need someone to pre read
Chell isnt randomly warping everywhere
Any of my bretheren here?
chell mel chell mel chell mel CHELL MEL BUCK VALVE
Xaiden: ...Gah, I guess I have to succumb to my uncontrollable urge to become involved. What site are you on?
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/26/f-J6OZEKt0Ozic5V71i7GA2.jpg
fimfiction.net
Ahhh, who let Cain´s spawn into the room? Aiiiiiiie!
Shizuka: DON'T KILL HIM! HE LOVES YOU!
Xaiden: All right. You can find me there under the name 1over0
since fanfictions WAY to unorganized
No other vampires here?
okay i'll send you a PM
Vampire: do you sparkle or burst into flame?
brb
Did I miss anything? )
otakon: lol :D
NO, im not from Twilight!
Shizuka: y u no cheated on that test chamber?
Reikim: Ahh found you
Vampire: thx god you are not
((NNNNNNope))
otakon: secretly vampire breaks into song and dance. *hello my baby, hello my honey, hello my rag time galllll!~
Vampire: good, bc if you said sparkle...well that kind is not welcome here
Xaiden: Me and my one fic.
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/30/NjFT2fGdv0qhdLxQPSznpw2.jpg
XD Unnr
Well, I do burst into flames when exposed to sunlight
Reikim: Actuallly has a bit of views
u cant say twilight without sparkle
Xaiden: Getting on EQD tends to do that, yeah.
RAWRity: THE FUCK
RAWRity: that is just WRONG
/me dislikes Twilight fans
back :)
RAWRity: hulk came xd
ded
RAWRity: where do you get this stuff?
ded.
owwwww
ded
Chell has become a gel
So, any others here, or anyone who wants to be one of us?
RAWRity: hahahahah
welp, dead
I just assumed he sneezed :P
Vampire: Im fine being a fan of ponies :P
8,6Now, I know you're not trying to start an RP here
Vampire: im from dawnguard sooooooo DIEEEEEEEEEEE
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/1/dZNnZgdS9EqYusYaNaQKHg2.jpg
Welp
cachi01: yes!
oni_link: they're hated nearly as much as we are I think.
Vampire isn´t telling you he is of the kindred of Malkav. Take the embrace and end up all crazy like.
kirzstryfe: ofc not
Welp
Your crossbows are no match for me dawngaurd!
So much for that radio
RAWRity: any idea how long it took to make a Gondor in Minecraft?
otakon: yeah we can relate but no me gusta
/me turns invisible
i cant beleave how fast Shizuka has comppleted all this test chamber
Reikim: Usually, I read through it once, maybe twice. But my mind has a tendency to skip over words since I in fact was the one who wrote them
s
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2920/ Reikim
buffer
eeyup same here
08,01bufferstate
otakon: i'm guessing 3 months
uhoh
bugger
Bronysith: aww shit
08,01oh damn
08,01i spoke
baffer
Everyday I'm buffering
otakon: if my 1:1 scale notre dame cathedral has anthing to say about it, far too darn long
erryday im bufferin
Unnr: nice man
/me 08,01steals otakon
Shizuka: you okay dear?
cachi01: it took me two hours to beat the first portal :/
08,01imma lick you
that means I can post this! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6H1JTB6eHiI&feature=BFa&list=PL297445C6A3381D39
/me 08,01licks otakon
Vampire: he likes that you know
Xaiden: You won't get on EQD like that. They are very discerning. But at least they give advice when they send it back. Have you read their guidelines yet? And the prereader's Omnibus?
08,01how've ya been, dude?
!
Spade-Magnes[R]: No it doesn't
How goes BUCK planning?
Shizu is gone o_o
oni_link: 3 hours here cause i got stuck in the freaking air vents or whatever that room was
Gggggggggggggg
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/2/vghGg0xzWUKYIr_UvNnHpg2.jpg
08,01i kept licking the BUCK committee at LAC
/me licks otakon
Bronysith: (licks bronysith)
08,01protip: never put any part of your body near my mouth unless your want it to be licked
RAWRity: what the fuck dude
poor comittee
13waswelp
T__T
13found asuka's limit
13oh well
cyber_pony13: so i lick myself? huh
Shizuka: :(
Shizuka: That's your computer, iirc.
Xaiden: Cool, PM me.
Bronysith: wait how do you lick your self?
08,01and now, to bed
ok, will do
Reikim: The chapter?
cyber_pony13: you said Bronysith "licks Bronysith "
13still waiting for boot to complete
!mail Razyn http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1117/
/me whirrs and clicks at MoonDasher as she stores the mail for Razyn
asuka's goose has just been cooked
http://derpy.me/JVZwb
Shizuka: odl
cyber_pony13: dat KISS tongue
Bronysith: i meant that i lick you
Xaiden: I'm not entirely familiar with fimfiction, so do whatever you have to.
Nittany_Discord: How do you dust a planet?
cyber_pony13: then do /me
Who made the shrugppnoes
11,01With a very large duster.
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/27/te3WiK1wGUiJlDoQtzfP1A2.jpg
O M G the damn stream!
13seriously?
well actually I'd rather email since I think there is a word limit for the PM's
13seriously?
..over a very long time
/me vacuums Nittany_Discord
licks /Bronysith
Seriously what?
cyber_pony13: no
13Vampire: I suggest you check your attitude.
Seriousness? On here?
cyber_pony13: type /me first then whatever you want. litterally type /me
Bronysith: then how do i / to my words still new on this site
13currently idling at 75C
Vampire: listen to the colors man, mods be serious
13i just about melted my desktop for your entertainment Vampire
How does this sound ? "Come to Buck with me"
13be grateful you get a stream at all
Shizuka: that sucks dear
...Weird.
Very weird.
http://derpy.me/UlSZn MULTI SHRUG PONY
Im sorry, the lag just makes me mad, srry
Geez, Shizuka. Do you ever turn your computer off?
Vampire: it crashed, give her a minute
Shizuka: I always appreaciate the streams.
I'd go so far as to say it sounds downright creepy.
13not coming back up otakon
Spade-Magnes[R]: thanks you just broke my brain
13still idling at 76C
Shizuka: oh well is your PC okay at least?
fine that's what i was aiming for :p
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/24/iR-nXjFte0exZB-DPkwIOQ2.jpg
cachi01: Mission Accomplished then
/me gives Shizuka her rainblower
I'm guessing no
I envy you and your gaming computer.
how the hell did it get to 76C?
not enough fans?
what's up with the World of Darkness peeps poping up?
o_O i got a thunder storm watch at 4th of July
13portal + scrcap + FMLE + 85F room
Mutterguy: no idea
13Guess.
Shizuka: How old is your computer?
Oh
Bronysith: yeah how do italicize my words
131.5 years
...I pity whoever you're planning on delivering that line to.
Shizuka: ouch, you need better ac or something
DATS OER 1.4
Reikim: What's the difference between a Brony in Equestria and Human in Equestria?
cyber_pony13: for the love of crap
Ha! Haha! You ponies know nothing of using an old computer!
13sorry Portal + VHScrcap + FMLE + Winamp + 85F room
alright, about to watch Star trek first contact, is it any good?
Xaiden: Brony status.
kinda obvious if you think about it for a minute
cyber_pony13: type in /me first then spacebar then whatever you want
mine is 5 years old :P its ded right now some shit happened with the cng.sys
Shizuka: or lower the settings until it cools off a bit, besides though your lucky it's been 95+ here all goddamn week long
/me smacks cyber_pony13
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/22/utWHX0wLw0mj2eU5iOv7FA2.jpg
Reikim: Ahhh well that's good, my fic is actually a HiE
I guess the next time we'll see a pixie and an 'accountant'
okay, off to watch NEW Nostalgia Critic
Until last November, I was running on a computer that was so old that it had to run WIn 2k!
RAWRity: thats good show
You all know NOTHING of old computers!
Reikim: oh wow
RAWRity: dat how i met your mother?
otakon: New NC? When?
/me Thinks Bronysith would be a good teacher :P
http://derpy.me/lcv3E Have some trixie
00,10boxfan+3m airfilter+take the sides off the case= all the airflow you will ever need.
AttackPony: now
/me thinks
Reikim: Well I guess it isn't, I never put anything about him having a love for MLP
No idea
13otakon
Ponies47: funny how i am going to college to learn that
13the settings are minimized
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqVt24WhZqw&feature=g-u-u
Shizuka: ouchie
Shizuka: good luck with that
13it's called humidity
next hint: i'm drawing mods OC's
otakon: Huh. then again, I haven't been keeping up. Is it on ThatGuyWithTheGlasses or YouTube?
13it's called having zero ventilation in this house
My old computer was so crappy that I couldn't even download Steam!
Bronysith: O_O Your gonna be a teacher?
Shizuka: double ouchie
that's a gift
You know what this stream needs?
Ponies47: yup
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iof5pRAIZmw&feature=my_liked_videos&list=LLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw Guiles theme
Its called lack of insulation
Playing TF2 was tantamount to suicide!
/me im so fulll of fail
of cool air
AttackPony: Youtube here http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UqVt24WhZqw&feature=g-u-u
13and at this point, it's being sick and tired of people bitching about the stream when i just about melted asuka to do it
what if pokemon lyrics were changed just to PORN?
Bronysith: Nice. I have no idea what I want to do for a living yet :P
You're drawing the mods' OCs?
Shizuka: Thank you for trying
/me going through reprograming errors
Shizuka: that sucks :'( just to let you know I always appreciate your streams
/me hugs Shizuka
in part yes
I appreciate them I just hate my computer failing to render streams properly
Shizuka you name your computer?
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/21/VFrrrQe6O0eKt3WTyMIMBQ2.jpg
Shizuka: Aw, I can sympathize. *hugs* I once burned myself running a Minecraft server. No sympathy.
check the others if you want
Pretty good!
Shizuka: We thank you for trying to stream. But hey our computers have limits we can't force em. When you or any of the other mods stream I'm happy. When there's no stream I don't mind. We still got each other to talk to :)
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQO2nbD56hc I love this clip
Could use some inking, though, to improve quality of scanend image.
Spade-Magnes[R]: i love egoraptor
/me does not bitch, instead appreciates the effort and stream
Ponies47: /)
Spade-Magnes[R]: this....THIS TASTES LIKE EGORAPTOR
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/18/Guhp1JFW9k6NMy2WgwCqKQ2.jpg
oni_link: (\
NO FUCKING WAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and i have it on loop now
Shizuka: I'm always grateful for a stream. It even helps me sleep better :D
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ufQ9OUosKE&feature=related
Bronysith: WHAT?!!? :o
08,01SLEEP?
08,01SLEEEEP?
ADAM WEST IS GOING TO BE AT DRAGONCON!!!!!!!!
people sleep?
woot
Spade-Magnes[R]:
08,01WHO? NEEDS? SLEEEEEP?
Bronysith: O_o Woah
Spade-Magnes[R]: niiice
stream
/me 08,01explodes
Suddenly starcraft
08,01Ponies47: i just drank 2 cups of coffee
08,01i cannot
double kill
LoL!
LoL
i loce starcraft
LoL
00,10hey it's that lawl game
08,01Irish_Pony: there are pills for that
Hello
DOTA >>>>>>>> lol
/me has no ink and does not know how to do it properly, i haz only a mechanical pencil and a eraser
PILLS HERE
Did wrek just steal the stream?
Sumica :(
SC, metal.... I think so.
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/18/HC-I7j_KokKftLAUvZ0Qpw2.jpg
08,01no, i mean, to... stay up for... oh nevermind
Wrek: is on vaction...isnt he???
panda
Ponies47 ^-^ hiya
00,10why the sad face panda?
08,01panda is best panda
MORGANA WINS
Chat derp back
end of story
00,10panda is good arts too
Eh whatever
I thought best panda was that sneezy panda baby?
Sumica can you drop it on him, he kinda ignore meh >.>
I suck at arts :(
08,01Irish_Pony: exactly.
Hey, so, who's playing the Morgana?
00,10drop what on who?
Why is that Morgana building Catalyst? MAKES NO SENSE
00,10ohhhhhh.
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/6/15/y-ZGCwKZ4USgEcnnQVzutA2.png
08,01Irish_Pony: it's okay, come to buck
00,10yeah keep in mind wrek is not here
Sumica: drop it on rivel or the britannians or the chinese federation or britannia
Ohai Valthejean!~
Sumica but hes logged in... no?
RAWRity: lol
Also pots on Morgana is pointless.
panda kcikbot
If wrek is not here, then my mind = blown
Dken2021 oh!!
But that was a skilled takedown on Annie
00,10his home computer is on yeah
08,01Irish_Pony: BUCK
13sumica you said you have my desk right?
panda, I'm pretty sure I already told you he's on vacation. -__-
08,01Irish_Pony: i can give you free tickets
00,10yeah Shizuka
13do you leave the tower in the middle?
/me facehoofs "i forgot he is on vacation still
13just seems to me there's nowhere else i can put it
/me hugs panda
00,10same desk other then I have a keyboard tray under neath
Shizuka: THANK YOUOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
/me hugs Metal_Gear_Jazz
13yeah keyboard tray fell off eons ago
then who is steaming???
13like within six months >>
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU WHOEVER IS STREAMING
13val is streaming
00,10my tower is on the botem right side of it
/me glomps Valthejean
13maybe i'll do that next week..
...11 kills with double dorans, boots, ctalyst, Blasting Wand.
Valthejean: If this is you playing, then you have my respect.
/me thanks all the mods who stream
so.. whos streaming LoL?
13the middle just empty then?
Dr Rockso :D
08,01Irish_Pony: hahaha
Except this is bots.
08,01Irish_Pony: you know i don't play games
00,10whole under side is empty
13i need to break my writers block...
00,10I put my feet up on the shelf on the left side
I have the same problem often
Go drink tea and meditate.
00,10cats sleep in the middle
13have three projects i could do but i'm stuck on all of them...
GO BACK TO bark at the moon please
here we go
/me is very confused about this talk of desks ^-^
BARK AT THE MOON
brb
I HEARD BARK AT THE MOON
00,10but to help with airflow I removed the partical board that covers the back of the desk where the tower is at
Three?
cachi01: /)
Only three?
I love that song
Bronysith: fuck yeah ozzy FTW (\
13two really
Unnr: damn -_-
13the third is barely an idea at this point..
08,01Irish_Pony: i run BUCK convention. i *am* BUCK convention.
I have...mmm...
13bronystate stories i don't know where to go
The joy of being the con comittie, it will eat your soul
13myst project i'm stuck on how to move forward without giving away that i've memorized riven..
Six...no seven that I haven't worked on in ages
08,01srsly; BUCK is my ickle baby
and then the con comes, and you are going crazy
Bronystate stories?
08,01Unnr: my god how i know this
but at the end.... its so worth it
Hiiyo everybody!
Hey SolairePony89 :P
BARK AT THE MOON!
hai SolairePony89
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/283/
i wonder if the WW2 veterans ever played CoD 1-3
08,01cachi01: i've sunk £500 of my own money into it so far
hello SolairePony89
13a la http://fav.me/d4mizjq and http://fav.me/d4t822i
Dark92Enigma: doubtful
Bronysith: HA! :D
Bronysith: needs more turnips :D
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: A few probably
08,01it's costing about £14,000 to put on
08,01all in all
annnd I can´t spell
assuming there aren't any in Oz yet
:3 i just got 2 free strange weapons
08,01Mutterguy: where do yo ulive?
NZ
Tony To
go to where not even rawrity has gone before ! ship val with caramel and have shamrocs fight for it!
THE FACE OF MY NIGHTMARES http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2726/
08,01baaaa
08,01sorry
i'll read those later shizu :3
13i do not ship though..
The closest thing to a brony convention down here is NashiCon, RoundCon and BanzaiCon
13or at least write ships..
I'm counting Australia as well seeing as flights can be as low as $100
08,01Unnr: oh dear
seeing as most WW2 vets would be in their 70's by the time the first CoD came out, I think we can count them out of having played it.
Bronysith: thanks for that -_-
Hey, can I write something for Bronystate? I'm tired which does funny things to my mind.
08,01i was
Bronysith: Enjoy your nightmares tonight :P
08,01anyhoos, bed time for hitler
oh god
maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaybe http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1785/
good night BUCK
all in all it worked, and we managed to convince the band that there was no problem
13ofc
/me tosses tumbleweed into chat
AIRBOOOORRRNE
(Treat the guys that balance the sound for the important events well, if not *blanches* )
ACES HIGH
What should I write, bronies?
cachi01: that is also a good song :P
Shizuka :3 do something just for the fun of doing it and do not care if it is good or bad as long as you have fun while doing it :3 that could help to break your writers block
13except everything i could do that's fun would melt asuka..
It's 11:00, my mind is going funny places, and I'm in the mood to write something silly.
What should I write?
13would go mess around in gmod some more if Source hadn't already demonstrated intent to overheat tonight
Somthing tells me he's still here :P
CELESTIA only has 1 eye
Bronysith: No. She has 2. It's just her mane always covers one of them :P
qufad
Ponies47: have you seen her other eye?
i have
Bronysith: eeeyup
13http://youtu.be/bc6PommZKWQ
Bronysith: They have some scenes where she is facing the other way and you can clearly see the other eye
((wb Birdy ))
oni_link: have you seen both eyes at the same time?
Sorry if I laughed at that
Bronysith: nope
oni_link: i have
I mean
Not the youtube!
oni_link: she then has only 1 eye
13what a shame
00,10holy crap voices
I mean the Summoner Showcase thing
11,01When Celestia faces forward, you see both of her eyes.
Bronysith: i have!!
I haven't seen the youtubs yet
we need screens!
cachi01: link please
what movie is this
00,10her walk cycle also looks realy strange Nittany_Discord
...What a shame
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4428/ Nittany_Discord
nope.avi
Shizuka, dat second-person narrative.
hahahaha
Interesting
/me tosses tumbleweed into chat
Bronysith: theres one episode where sh walks while facing forward
and u can see both her eyes
Hm
Interesting method of describing Bronystate
I thought of the amphitheatre thing too
/me 11,01tosses Bronysith
Again, second-person is an interesting choice...doesn't get used much nowadays.
((Hi Wisdom ))
FOUND IT
what is the next movie for movie night going to be
http://derpy.me/bGgnh
( oi
theres her second eye
11,01See.
told ya
but very rarely you see it like that
but i know someone who has THREE EYES!
And then computer references in the second one, which I don't entirely get but are interesting nonetheless.
BTW, there's no POSTER for the next Movie Night
PRINCESS DAISY
Anyway, Shizuka, wasn't aware you could write so well.
cachi01: on the Melee trophy
11,01Princess Discord.
eeyup
anywho
/me 11,01hugs LadyCanary
princess celestia sends the mane six to get the elements of harmony in room only she can open
sends them to fail
SHE'S GONE!
I didn't get to say hi...
stupid netsplit
/me noms on Nittany_Discord s hair
Every face in this picture is HILARIOUS
hooray for thunderstorms on the 4th of july >.<
NO GODDAMMIT I MISSED HER!
dammit
IFDreebs: hahahahahahahaha
IFDreebs: nice
IFDreebs: HA! :D
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG gotta love the rain
11,01See, nature's getting into the spirit Darkts3|Drawing|MLG
Back)
IFDreebs: i havent been o reddit ever.
*on
What did ah miss?)
You should. It's actually a cool site.
IFDreebs: llolololololo
IFDreebs: link pls?
Nittany_Discord: its more like Troll Nature, since there are some ppl without power where i live
gonnna erboot
*reboot
Sorry fer DC'n. Smoke messes wit signal. )
11,01One of the radar sweeps reveals a troll face.
IFDreebs been there, read that
trolling in my skin this wound wont heal by its own
Crawling in my roooobes, these wounds require elixiiiiiiiir
Thanks IFDreebs :)
Why they all laughing?
!seen Prismwind
Prismwind was last seen 52 minutes ago in #silvershipper: <Prismwind> (( brb ))
4They used to be called
Razyn: You've got mail!
32 minutes ago from MoonDasher: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1117/
Because its nothing new im guessing
4"Jumpolines"
4Until your mom jumped on one in 1972
OH
DAYUM
/me 4bobs his head
HE GOTCHU
BICH
so who wants to be millonaire?
13at least someone thinks so
/me 4goes back to dling porn
4I mean
4...dling porn
cachi01, is that your final answer?
o_o showers
you mean
wuts on and how much did i miss?
Downloading Pornographic Content
4Jes.
Don't worry, you write quite well.
>.>
4That is exactly what I mean.
4<.<
Dovah:khin
Better than a lot of people, and trust me, I am in quite the position to know.
>_>
4>_>
cachi01: kiin*
11,01Hi Dovah
4To be fair
Hi Dovah :P
4It's limited edition, rare porn
hi Dovah
4<_<
For one thing, there were no grammar/spelling errors that I could see. On the Internet, that's like a gift from God.
NAKID
did he came?
he did
http://derpy.me/a6Mrf oh gosh what
Second, even though I didn't understand all the computer references, I kept reading. That means I had a reason to keep reading.
wow hi everypony.... i've been here 4 1 day and everyone says high...
hi*
Which indicates that the story itself was interesting.
13high
im not high.. u know too much!
hihg
/me sheep glomps shizuka
Dovah: Hi
13no you're drunk
13i don't have a problem
Dovah: we are a friendly bunch
CrimsonPhoenix: And now everypony is gonna storm there stores looking for those :$
i swear to drunk im not God!
oni_link: *usually*
everybody is high as a high person that is high because he is high, so he's high
Dovah: what seems to be the officer, problem??
Yo Dovah. You alright?
*usually
lol yeah im fine
GOddammit I'm so tired of the people in my household equating gaming to goddamn being on the computers
Thank you Dari, what would we do without you?
it's goddamn aggravating
Ikr?
otakon: Tabletop gaming ftw
btw answere muh question mark, what is this and how much did i miss?
otakon what?
otakon: I'm guessing your family doesn't like you being on the "computer" that much?
Reikim: yeah, but I play a game for a few hours and they say "You've been on the COMPUTER" all day when I've only been on for like an hour.
finally official plush---------*looks at plushies* dafuq is this shit
cachi01: Rule of pony fandom: The custom fanmade stuff will always be better than official merch.
SolairePony89: eeyup, but it's no damn different than watching TV. but there is NOTHING ON TV therefore I play a game. I've only been getting on the PC at night for the streams this week
http://pawsru.org/pawsX/MLP/src/134144900968.png
Shizuka: dear, any word on the e-mail situation?
hi everypony
4>_>
13fixed
cachi01: they're much better looking than the first wave of G4's - *looks at Twilight plush* MUCH BETTER LOOKING!
happy 4th of july
Shizuka: yay, but he's asleep...
4Ahem. Well. Now that that's tucked away under my bed.
hi! and happy 4th to u too xMLPxREACTORx
otakon: Your family sounds uptight
4(By the way, there were only 500 sold and they aren't gonna print it again)
back from jogging
Heya xMLPxREACTORx
And WB Alchemist
wow, its this episode already?
I need to get a quick drink then rp)
thanks bro how were your fireworks
Im so confuzzled? wut ep is this!
SolairePony89: well, she is actually recently. whole lot of shit going down atm and me not having gainful employment is not helping with it.
Dovah: Episode 8
Thanks and hi SolairePony89 :)
k thanks SolairePony89
Ahh finished reading a 12 chapter fanfic that is incomplete so cliffhanger
Its been a while since I've last seen this series. Best WW2 on screen IMO.
otakon: Not being employed isn't totally your fault, especially if you've tried as much as you have. And in this job market it's even more difficult
Seems Legit.
brb mom got home, want to say hi
anyone else thinks super PINGAS wrold should be streamed sometime?
nvm not her
to bother or not to bother val ... uhmm
world*
friend of Craig's
(okie)
13welp
Wb, anyway.
13first fire engine of the night
never seen it
Shizuka: someone got a little too patriotic eh?
super PINGAS world is a game
0,14probably not while he's streaming
Yeah, best not to bug Val while he's streaming.
okay this is weird
Hmm no fireworks. I'm dissappointed
Very well
I got a Mists Of Panderia Beta invitaton
and I'm NOT on WoW
Ha
this is odd
otakon: You use to though I'm guessing?
A house burned down to the ground here today
otakon: i got a god of war 3 beta code when i didnt even knew there was a beta sign up
SolairePony89: enope, I didn't have an account with them. My cousin did and we shared it on the same PC
Jim: wut happend?
http://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/318846_394947540571324_1723188641_n.jpg
No idea, they're still investigating it
Jim: I know it's the 4th and all but that's just a bit extreme
:P
we don't celebrate 4th over here
*Soft leaves his room and takes a step intobthe parlor, his scarred face looks grim and even worse than usual.*
8,6yeah... bugging Val at all right now would be ill-advised
I live in Las Vegas so there are plenty of fireworks but a lot are banned
I have my Grandpa's army issued portable tray & silverware somewhere in this house - Dad used to take it on every camping trip we took - consists of a 3 part tray with a cover, knife, fork & spoon
Bugging Val period is ill-advised.
at least 50 years old most likely over 60 by now
I had the same thing Cypresswolf
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m6949uiiEb1qi3k37o1_500.jpg
otakon: Weird how YOU got the beta key and not him. Methinks they might be tracking your PC :P
0,14Yep
QQ is it possible to pm someone on here? need 2 know for futere refrence.
*There was a bit of paper pinned to Hammer's door the day following his arrival*
SolairePony89: but it's a different PC too
Dovah: Just type /query namehere
Jim: k thanks
otakon: Pretty good tracking then :P
i shall keep looking for a bed eyes/happy/suggestive reaction face then
0,14which is why I'm not telling him to go eat a hat >.>
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m694ygQf6c1qi3k37o1_500.jpg
...Eat a hat?
I need to look for his tapes - some of them may have his war stories I never asked him about - didnt think it polite to ask
If you wanna rp Mirage, now would work)
Im quite ignorant about US history so please dont jump on me. What I would like to ask is were there at any point military drafting or has the US armed forces always been voluntary?
*gasp*n they have the state of the art can technology alarm system....the mad geniuses....
Give me a couple minutes. )
13give you two buds for that eaten hat
Alchemist: Draft was on in WW2
0,14yep, there have been drafts before
Buds? Hat?
/me is confused
0,14most (in)famously for Vietnam
^
infamously?
bc Vietnam was another war we had NO GODDAMN BUSINESS OF BEING IN
0,14Val may have said there would be no attractive girls in cosplay at BronyCon
Hats -> TF2
aight)
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m5tvnae2ja1qi3k37o1_500.jpg
like goddamn Iraq
otakon: But... BUT COMMUNISM!
0,14and that he'd eat his hat otherwise
No attractive cosplay
SolairePony89: let em have it
Alchemist: last draft issued was Vietnam
Bit of an oxymoron there
they didn't learn from Vietnam, they won't learn from Iraq
/me is chilling in the parlor
http://media.techeblog.com/images/flamethrower.jpg firebending for the win
There is always that one insanely hot girl in cosplay.
DUMBASS
05,15Okay soooo SCP...scariest thing ever
also attractive depends saxy
yes
True, true.
11,01Idiot.
fluttercry: whwere?
Too soon...
SPOILER: THAT DUMBASS BITES IT
0,14yeah, that's true
00,02thats a little silly
0,14but still
00,02running toward a grenade
Hmm, al men away for years, leaving the women behind. No wonder they were so horny after the war (baby boom) :D
13http://i44.tinypic.com/aes6ea.jpg
scp?
Nittany_Discord: He got hit with shrapnel from his own grenade...wow...
0,14...
Shizuka: ...
evening, everypony! :) How are we all tonight?
That...
0,14*pomf*
11,01That's why he's an idiot.
Sylandest: Sup bro /)
/me attacks Sylandest with hugs
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m50aedjWvC1qi3k37o1_500.jpg
now THAT is the first noob
That's incredibly hot
Phase4: Must of forgot how long he cooked the grenade
/me hugs Metal_Gear_Jazz back :)
13i just want the hair
'Ello Sylandest
And a very good cosplay
Lone_Lycan: howdy!
RAWRity: Zuko is kewl
Delicious Asuka cosplayers.
0,14indeed fluttercry
welcome Sylandest
er, misping
00,02ohai fluttercry
0,14not sure if wig or real hair
*Soft doesn't acknowledge Nelaj as he walks to the bar. He looks very bad, his tall, musclebound figure looking like the shadow of death itself.*
Derpy_Hooves, that's awesome
Asuka cosplayers tend towards deliciousness.
0,14either way, she's pretty
fluttercry: I presume you have checked out the most known ones like 087 and 173 ;)
/me hugs Liokin, SolairePony89, otakon
So do Rei cosplayers.
ello sylandest
05,15ohai Phase4
Lone_Lycan: apologies for mis-ping, hehe :$
05,15Alchemist nah I was watching the SCP-087 B game
man my state banned fireworks :C
/me frowns
Quick_Thinker: probably too hot
0,14also, new Sinfest is up to those who read it
/me hugs Lone_Lycan anyway :)
Hey everypony
howdy, SonataOctavia
Hay everyone, I'm back from dishes
/me smiles halfway
What about Mari cosplays?
WB AttackPony
BUT WE STILL SHOT EM OFF AHAHAHAHAHA
fluttercry: make sure to check out the backstories too on the scp website. Makes it even scarier.
00,02fluttercry, i was actually confused for a moment because scp is a command on most linux systems used for copying files via ssh
Mari is just sex period, so...
Lone_Lycan: ahhhh, come on, you got a bigger smile than that! :D
AttackPony: Sup /)
Quick_Thinker: FUCK DA POLICE! :p
(Okay)
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4go8tJLV31qi3k37o1_500.jpg
/me is wisely not commentin
dem krauts
sup SolairePony89
0,14*commenting
Liokin: Nothing much. (\
13mari is a blank slate
05,15ah. That would make sense if I was in any way technically literate
Hiyo Quick_Thinker
fluttercry: Whatever the HELL you do, do NOT play that game. EVER.
and not fuck da police WE GOT A PERMIT
13no character development...
13just there to be fanservice and nothing more
what is scp it sounds scary and I love scary ( no I'm not creepy just weird)
13and they dropped a bridge on asuka to do it
/me shakes his head. 1"Nope,... story of my life... always alone."
Sinfest? mari ? wat ?
Eh, some characters don't need development.
RAWRity: Got any alluring Twilight Sparkle? Im in the market for a new wallpaper.
Although I have to confess
/me is walking back from the fillys room in the direction of hers and hammers rooms
Quick_Thinker: Aww. Would of been cooler if ya did FUCK DA POLICE
I'm also mixing her up with the Nobody Dies Mari
fluttercry: Never in the dark & Never before bed!
Who is very much developed as a character, to a point.
05,15It's dark...and I have to go to sleep soon....challenge accepted
00,02fluttercry, it meens to copy files in a way that meens no one can modify it betwene you and the computer you're connecting to or see what it is
i have the comic con 2012 poster as my backgrounf but i think i need some fan made art as well
Shizuka: Asuka's not dead yet. She comes back badass with an eyepatch.
05,15ahhh okay.
00,02if they try, it errors
What you guys talking about "never before bed"
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m436skeVQe1qi3k37o1_500.jpg
13http://www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony/comments/w1hri/between_seasons_by_loceri/c59et8s
fluttercry: :) Good luck turning the lights out afterward
Mari seemed pretty bloodthirsty and insane to me.
I'm alraedy surrounded by darkness covered in a small vlanket and scary stuff me gusta
Why the fuck did that dumbass run into that ROOM
Again, I have a tendency to mix her up with the Nobody Dies Mari, so that explains that
so any ponys play SSX or am i the only one :?
Lightning-Quill: : http://www.scp-wiki.net/ they have about 2000 stories.
When he KNEW that their was a live grenade
But, yeah, she didnt get much development
/me notices Soft "Jeez. The heck happened to him?"
00,02little insane in that room
She might in the next movie.
Quick_Thinker: ssx is awesome!!
No shit.
Yay thank you
YEAH IT IS
Phase4: Just a bit
I like that she's badass, but I like her potential more.
Alchemist: Oh, you're talking about SCP? Which ones?
what happened to him?>
Lung Collapse...
Quick_Thinker: Friendly grenade
AttackPony: 087 ad 173 of course :) I've read many more but those were the best so far.
BRB bathroom
ded
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m436lj8PwF1qi3k37o1_500.jpg
ohh damn D:
that is why you have him sit up
Mari is one of those characters that makes me go "She's such a badass!...but who the hell IS she?"
:'( that parts gets me everytime
RAWRity: wow
Alchemist: Those are the only ones they have games of so far.
Play him off boys....
oh hi wrek
Wait, what happened to that dude.
you know on most site when people post links i ignore them but this site i look at them all
13asuka was on track for far better development this time around
Hello Wrek~
and a friend of mine has decided that she is gonna cosplay this: http://derpy.me/9wb1T
AttackPony: he caught the disease of death
13but NOPE WE MUST HAVE A CHARACTER THAT FITS EVERY OTAKU FANTASY RIGHT NOW
She still is
Hello Wrek
brb again
AttackPony: yep, but its because those have stories that can be made into a game.
Asuka's still on track for good development!
AttackPony: He charge at his own grenade and got shrapnel to the face. He then proceeded to bleed out.
0,14you gotta admit
Liokin: Ewww *shudder*
11,01BRB
0,14it got derailed like fuck
AttackPony: Not enough blood brain stops responding. Lungs cease....slow death.
That was the point, Saxy.
00,02to be fair
00,02he ran into a grenade
0,14"Hey, I'm going to be a better person!"
0,14>dead
Rebuild is supposed to be derailed
05,15I'm watching PewDiePie play the SCP games. They look freaky
If they wanted to go full pandering it would be more like the K-on extreme moe stuff
Also Asuka's not dead
Phase4: His OWN grenade.
Alchemist: Don't the other SCPs have stories to them? I'd like to experience 264 myself
So thus, his own fault
0,14and that was the point where I stopped giving a fuck
00,02Liokin, that too
Phase4: Thats like rule one of war. Chuck it and cover!
0,14yeah, she isn't
fluttercry: Which one you watching? 173 or 087-B?
Unlike Tohji, GOD DAMN YOU GAINAX
Tohji had NO REASON to die.
05,15173 now
post link pleae like I said I'm not afraid to see this stuff
00,02Liokin, i thought rule one was "don't get shot"
Except he did, but I'm still pissed about it so fuck logic.
fluttercry: Oh his ractions tot hat one is awesooome.
0,14but I really hate when characters get their redemption chance shut
Phase4: Nah nah thats rule 3 :3
Asuka hasn't been shut
*Instantly starts pouring his hard drink*
Although I'm not stupid enough to use a weegee board
13eva is built around that, but it's supposed to pay off in the end
She got shot down in the original.
13the wait befween rebuild 2 and 3 is painfully long though
Lightning-Quill: Which one you want to see? 087-B or 173?
fluttercry: I played scp 87 a few weeks ago - original one with the stairway - got the wierdest nightmare as a result
13it's kind of like half life 2
13at this point
Hi everypony :)
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m39nqmsLVg1qi3k37o1_500.jpg
Hey OtakuTom
Whayever is scarier
Think about it this way, Shizu: we wait because the animation is so good.
13episode 3 will be terrible no matter how much effort went into it
AttackPony: most of the euclid class are just weird objects. One could make a short movie about them but not a game. (lemme check what 264 is)
:|
Poor German
I mean really
Rebuild's animation is just
I don't even have a word for it
13jaja
8,6another attempt at explaining eva shot to hell because they wouldn't drop the money into it
If I was that german I would have crawled over to his side by then.
Hey, they explained the original
05,15Sooo...is this thing like a weeping angel?
13out of uniform again... tsk
End of Eva
0,14but I'm guessing it won't live up to people's expectations?
Alchemist: That one is my favorite.
fluttercry: yes
Oh, Eva's fanbase is going to be rabid no matter what they do
8,6RAWR!
Just like Final Fantasy!
05,15my god..
so tired LETS GET DRUNK BUCK YEAH :[
fluttercry: Yeah but DON'T. FUCKING. RUN. if it sees you. Your survival rate at that is .1%
13pffffft
8,6mmm
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2he1srzGW1qi3k37o1_500.jpg
I'm a minor so no
8,6boo
Quick_Thinker: Way ahead of you - getting down with some Dr Pepper & Whiskey
13X3
0,14oh dat kirz
8,6:3
Seriously though, Eva's fanbase is going to go nuts no matter what the movie does.
If it's too much like the original then they'll complain that it's not creative
and back
0,14that sounds like every fandom ever >.>
13it'll be mitigated by eva being obscured enough that no fan theory will be proven right
i just DRINK STRIGHT UP APPLE JACK DANIALS (i found a ber keep who was a fan nad made his own beer of it XD)
"...back side of the hemisphere is covered in carvings of several languages, including Arabic, Hebrew, German, and ███████. Translation of the ███████ language has been suspended indefinitely due to [DATA EXPUNGED]" :D I love these little hints.
Gainax is in a lose/lose situation.
RAWRity: the hell our those? unfitting captions?
Alchemist: the hell?
otakon: Texts from The Fire Nation
fluttercry: worst thing about 173 is trying to run while facing it the entire time, and watching it gain back its ground everytime you blink O_O
otakon: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m1vgfbJvx71qi3k37o1_500.jpg
Going in a second time in a row seems pretty... risky
They cleared up the original though, with the movie.
13ah SCP, the desperate attempts to be scary
Which...I still haven't watched >.>
otakon: its from a scp document.
Alchemist: -lol all I see is white censor bars.
Shizuka: what desperate? some of those are pretty good
8,6thought the movies just left everyone with more wtf's
fluttercry: Also, if you use headphones: While you're trying to avoid it. If you hear something likes hifting concrete, it KNOWS where you are and it sees you, but you don't know it until you turn around and *neck snap*
Shizuka: You wanna know whats reaaaaallly scary???
13Liokin: the thought of justin bieber being president?
13oh wait canadian
/me isn't anywhere to be seen
13whew... dodged a bullet there..
Nah
fluttercry: did just that on one playthrough, and tried to lock the door, but blinked before hitting the button and locked it in the room with me
>.>
BACK
It makes sense from a certain perspective
Y u nowhere to be seen
http://derpy.me/CIkXb
Shizuka: Katy Perry is getting a movie, and BRB
13FRONT
Also, I might not be on tommarow
*There is still that bit of paper on his door*
Shizuka: Holy sheet...it is true...women know everything your thinking....
It's ponies47. Can one of the mods kick ponies47 please? My dad is on the computer I'm logged on there as. :S
My asshole little brother's gonna try and use my lappy for skype
otakon: she's getting a half-biographical concert movie. It will likely tank.
EVEN THOUGH I TOLD HIM IT WON'T WORK
13pony47: Nicks are unique across the network, kicking from a channel doesn't do anything.
Winters is boss.
So enough about Eva, because too much fanboying
How about that other WTF Gainax anime?
StinkomanFan: He's a little kid, what'd you excpet?
13you mean all of it?
which one?
HE'S THIRTEEN
Point taken
RAWRity: yeah, but we didn't NEED her to have a goddamn movie
Its kinda what gainax does.
The one that I don't like typing
RAWRity: Did you get my earlier message?
BOOM
/me places a chicken on Shizuka's head.
Because I still have this naive aversion to lewdity
:3
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m1m0o8GSeP1qi3k37o1_500.jpg
*lewdness
Thanks Saxy
0,14with Garterbelt?
So how about that one?
0,14you're welcome :3
also one firework we did fire off iligely it tapped the name pinkie pies cannon to it XD
P&SwG
0,14love it
Hillarious
StinkomanFan: Eh, still. If he was 15+ then I'd be confused too, but he's not so I'd expect him to be foolish
0,14told my friend to get the limited editione DVD with the Heaven Coin
I found it absolutely hilarious
fluttercry: Are you planning on playing it?
0,14gotta go to his house to watch it one day
I can't wait for the dub.
0,14english dub looks great
05,15Perhaps
Yes
I didnt know there was paper >.> )
13 is still a kid.
So much win in the dub
0,14I'm loving Kneesocks voice
Exactly
Sorry. i posted it earlier)
13there are only two good dubs
13bebop
13and SAC
Shizuka: Ok. I got a quick chance to get back on my dads computer to close outta the Internet but thatnks for the advice
I'm hoping that maybe if the dub does well then we'll get a sequel
/me spots the piece of paper on Hammer's door and she approaches it to take a look.
Also NOT TRUE SHIZU
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m1iyt96eri1qi3k37o1_1280.jpg
Bebop was best dub, tis true
fluttercry: Mmm have fun. I'd play Containment Breach, but I'm a scaredy bitch :D
But there are other decent dubs!
13eva's was painful >,
I'd say most people START to really mature at about 16-17
Rebuild's was better
I gotta go now. Later everypony :)
Cya Ponies47
I dont have a problem with most dubs
bye Ponies47 take care man!
Still hate Asuka's voice though.
I'll be back later :)
Im gonna go everypony/ Thank you all and thanks for the stream. Also, bye Ponies47
BYE! :)
the occasional few have one voice i cant stand
13misato especially...
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m183uanTGS1qi3k37o1_500.jpg
Bye
Misato has always been weirdly raspy
aw, he left.
Cya oni- Aww
bye oni_link
13shinji was bad enough but wow every scene misato was in i wanted to switch back to the original audio..
Ahaha Shinji
Spike Spencer
TF2 time.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
have fun FlareChaser|TF2
The voice is iconic enough I picked it up right away in Code Geass R2
MORE BAND OF BRONIES
"Dear miss Mirage, if you're reading this, I'm probably not around. I went down to the ponyville smith house to take my place as the smithy. I look forward to a visit from you. Thank you for letting me stay the night in your mansion! - Hammer."
13all the whine but none of the presence
and my adobe crashed. again.
lol
Too much whine on Shinji
inb4 she doesn't know where it is)
Alchemist: It's been doing that lately for some reason.
Oh Hammer, u so silly)
Hey, but Gurren Lagann had a great dub.
One or two awkward moments, but overall very smooth.
dun dun dun
FLCL's dub is fantastic.
I'm guessing that's it for BoB
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m101rptYqx1qi3k37o1_500.jpg
How far into the series are we?
2 more parts btw
0,14^
TWO MORE EPISODES
GOD
AttackPony: it seems it only does it when Im watching streams though.
StinkomanFan: That was episode 8
0,14personally my favorite dub
DAMNIT
we going through the whole thing?
/me frowns and she pokes her head into the room to see if his things are still there.
0,14Kari Wahlgren got all of Haruko's verbal tics down
FUCK MY FAMILY
Dovah: I doubt tonight, but yeah probably
Alchemist: Same here.
0,14and the voice really matched the original
Dovah: What did you think?
13you just can't top megumi ogata's blood scream
Xaiden: explain thou inquery!
What's that, Shizu?
/me apparently left nothing behind
13shinji's normal VA
Dovah: It's the fourth of Fucking JULY why not end it tonight?
Ah
Got to watch the original voices at some time, but then again, there's a lot I need to watch
RAWRity: Wtf?
Xaiden: "tonight" ends in 1 hr
*Soft looks at Nelaj for a second.*
Absolute most hilarious moment, though, is in Rebuild
okay, and the stream just kind of ...stopped
at least for me it does
Dovah: DAMNIT
odd
In the original audio, when Kaji tries to speak English
otakon: most likely the video has been paused.
It's even more hilarious because the people he's speaking with have native English VAs
WARNING
Xaiden: 4th of July ends in 2 minutes for the east Coast
RAWRity: ah
11,01Dat FBI Warning.
so, who's streaming?
Nittany_Discord: always watching, they are
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord: oh God, they know...THEY KNOW!
/me 11,01dusts Liokin
AttackPony: I know it ends for me in moments
Xaiden: Same here
/me burns his computer to eliminate the trail.
11,01otakon: NOOO!
Just a general warning this next part contains lots of death.
/me looks at Soft again "Um...yes?" he thinks he's in a bad mood which is why he's not quick to greet him like all the rest
MMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIICAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
awww 4 seconds early DAMNIT
^Fuck Yeah!
Spriggals: part 9 of 10? yeah, it's practically the climax, and ep 10 is a the epilogue
Spriggals: still much much more SFW than Game of Thrones :D
And I'll be unfeeling because I missed the first 8 parts
It is now officially 5th of July for East Coast.
Because my family are assholes
eeyup
My life sucks
4th of july has ended
So if I act like Meanwhile, forgive me
And so will my life
God, this realization is just
XDD
On an unrelated note: having idiots on your server set off too much TNT is bad
Liokin: lol
/me frowns some more "Great, I make a friend and he moves out." she kicks a hoof to the floor in disappointment. "I suppose visiting him is still good." she comments to herself, walking out of the second building and makes a trip across town to the smith house. She enters.
13oh god the kaji dialogue
Yes that
13i cringed so hard..
Absolutely friggin' hilarious
13in both versions
13it was like GYEEAAAAAAAAARGH
And the best part is that it's completely intentional.
and then chat died
lol
so HOW IM GETTING A AD FROM NO WHERE THIS SITE IS THE ONLY ONE I HAVE OPENED WTF
13just butchered so horribly... not even to the level of "i am a foreign language speaker who is trying english"
otakon: nope.avi
Although you would expect international agent Ryoji Kaji to be a bit more fluent in English, he IS a native Japanese.
Quick_Thinker: this site, get Ad Blocker+
11,01It's Mips Quick_Thinker
Quick_Thinker: That's happening to you too?
no not that add
Quick_Thinker: Do you have AdBlock Plus?
not the ads in the middle of the stream
I dunno, I find it endearing in a So Bad It's Good way.
13throw in the extra vowels that romanization does then but wow..
...Where's Bronystate getting its funding if we're using addblockers?
those go away this one WONT ITS EVERYWHERE HA
Quick_Thinker: When my sis turned on this laptop this morning ads were playing for some reason. Fucking weird
:D As mush as Id like to continue drinking, I dont get tomorrow off, today was it - going to a bit trashed as it is :)
11,01We don't get funding.
AHAHAHAH
*Soft sighs, "Look kid, sorry I look like shit....but I don't bite."*
Who does?
some guy named himself Commander Shepard on youtube
Quick_Thinker: happened to me too, new tabs opened out of nowhere and there ads for my current isp. then I dl-d adblock and had no problem ever since.
Nittany_Discord: That sucks
/me waves to her. "Evening, Mirage." He's got a leather apron and a denim cap on.
and went on a rant on how much he hates bronies
One of the best dubs ever, though
One of THE BEST
so why does he pose as a brony then?
13THE BEST
13THE BEST
Bronysith: Surprise surprise..
Quick_Thinker: Is it just the audio of the ad?
13THE BEST
Is Dragonball Z Abridged
and no i dont have ad blocker i want this to continue for a long time hanigng out talking with other bronys and shit
13WHEN I WAS
yes
it wont stop :'(
That was in fact a joke
Liokin: isnt male commander VA a brony?
Quick_Thinker: dude, just get Ad Blocker
Bronysith: do we even care?
Quick_Thinker: It stopped for me after 5 minutes or so. No idea what caused it
/me "Oh...okay. Well I'm Nelaj. What's your name?"
Look its Reznov's Father!
Alchemist: nope.avi
/me gives Alchemist an apple
Bronysith: he says he likes MLP but not sure if true or just rumor mill
otakon: ahh
13you like the sight of humans on their knees
it just keeps on talking some shit about BID FOR THIS AND THAT ALL YOU WILL EVER NEED IN LIFE YOU WONT NEED FOOD OR SLEEP OR LOVE
Bronysith: is that supposed to be funny?
Bronysith: Dont know. And in truth. I dont much care -lol People are dicks. Thats why I hang around ponys.
Well that's a bonus
Remember that time The Doctor saved Hitler's life?
But you were saying?
so true Liokin
Xaiden: it is just ironic really
...Yeah
Liokin: ponies rule all of everything
HA HA lol
he said it he said : EEYUP
/me smiles and trots over to Hammer, staying far anough away to not interrupt his work "How are you tonight?"
Krauts and cleaning
XD
COWS
MOO
we seem to be much more mature then most people with our idea not to hate everyone and love and tolerate every pony/person
MOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
SCOOTALOOS
whats SuperBrony64 doing in there?
Scoot-a-loo =D
Quick_Thinker: I wouldnt make that generalization either :D
*plays Scootaloo Techno* :)
STOP CALLING HER THAT!! SHE IS NOT A CHICKEN!!
>hOLDING GUN
>jUST WANNA TALK
FFFFFFFFFFF caps
more SuperBrony64 s
0,14THE BEST OF YOU
eggs
0,14HAS SOMEONE TAKEN THE FAITH
0,14IT'S REAL
0,14THE PAIN YOU FEEL
EGGS AND HAM
Green
Moo.
Eggs, yumm
/me shrugs, leaning back in his stool, the hearth burning bright behind them. "I'm doing alright, just finishing the last of the shoes."
I'm horribly confused now but that's okay.
I love Foo Fighters musics
no clue why
Eggs and Spam is better IMO
eggss
So let's see what Gainax is working on now...
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_ly6qcpceID1qi3k37o1_500.jpg
0,14where do you think the Pretender part of my nick comes from?
Ah
0,14I used to just go by ThePretender
*"Soft. Nice to meet you." That's all he says before resuming drink.*
welp, I finally saw a picture of my new niece
RainBowJack: want some EFS????????
WOAH
O_O
WOOOOO
HAHA
well that was sudden
so you added Saxy when you got the jacket?
PG-13
I saw that coming.
Prismwind: ping when you are back)
/me shrugs
-lol nice..
11,01:p
0,14nope
cachi01 what?
oh goddammit
is this game of thrones?
8,6but then he became too saxy for his own good
lol jk
Is it me, or does that look like The Living Tombstone?
do like
he's standing at attention on both fronts
Spriggals: so did she. YEEEEAAAHHHHHH!
Sylandest x applejack right there.
RainBowJack: u know equestrian fry scootaloo :trollface:
LL
he said stand at ease soldier
O_O
:)
Liokin: wha, hey! :D
now, BACK TO IT
otakon: LOL
Liokin: how did you even know...XD
:)
umm...AT Ease?
Hey isnt that spears with the stuff
that double salute
;)
0,14wanted to originally do SexyPretender, but let's face it, i am not sexy
/me "Um..." he looks a little scared "If you don't mind me asking. What happened to you?"
0,14remembered how much I love the alto sax, decided to go for a fun play on words
0,14and bam
damn any pony know how to add songs to step mania?
mmmm Choco Ice cream
Are those stuff that the generous german people donated to him?
new to step mania
i like Scoot she is best CMC but i dont know why but i hate PPL calling her chicken because of her well handicap
Quick_Thinker: youtube
http://i.qkme.me/3pg1pg.jpg
helpful but not what i had in mind XD
lol
8,6sleepy time, have a good night everyone :)
Night Kirz
0,14good night kirzstryfe
Night kirzstryfe
RainBowJack: it's not bc she's had trouble flying, it's bc Applebloom called her a chicken in "The Stare Master" and it kind of stuck.
never played step mania but im sure there must be a folder where all the songs are located Quick_Thinker
Imagine how much stolen nazi things were shipped out by Allied soldiers moving to end it
tons of it
RainBowJack: I hate it when people call sweetiebell sweetie bot. But whenever somepony does I laugh with the group anyways not so much because I approve of it. But because I know its all in good fun.
otakon : i know but still i hateed AB for it
Medaka is interesting...
Would you get bent out of shape if we called Sweetie Belle a marshmellow? Or Apple Bloom and Apple?
Cypresswolf: apparently people got quite rich off of it.
but then again, the Nazi's did the same to the French and other countries they conquered
But I still want to see a PaSwG sequel.
Cypresswolf: Dat epic loot :P
"Oh that's good. How was the first day on the job?"
RainBowJack: *hands you a cup of cider* drink up and sit down. -lol
all my friends now call the chickens scootaloo
Liokin: What do you mean, whats Sweetie Bot
Arent there still many famous paintings still missing that the nazis took?
they are not bronies
lol
Looting, a wartime tradition
StinkomanFan: but Sweetie is such a sweet little marshmellow...
Just realized something.
i jsut told them lets call that chicken scotaloo
Ghost30k: -lol look it up yourself.
SolairePony89: LOOTING! It's just what we do.
they asked whhy and i said because scootaloo is a chicke
n
Liokin : i know i laught about it too but stilli feel sad when ever i hear it
0,14I heard the lead director left Gainax
Deadman Wonderland coule technically be turned into an Avatar/Korra fanfic where everybody is bloodbenders
otakon: As human beings, yes. We just can't resist nice stuff when we can have it FOR FREE!
Liokin: I have the feeling it will either creep me out like Cupcakes, or make me cry like My Little Dashie
YES! FREE STUFF IS BEST STUFF!
Why is the wine always go- oh there's still some in this bottle :)
0,14so whatever chances there were of it happening have dropped
trufax
otakon: free AIDS?
God dammit
Ghost30k: OH COME ON whats the thing with cuppcakes and MLD
/me gives MahBoi777 FREE STUFF
Ghost30k: -lol no no no.. its a harmless little joke like scootachicken
If they leave it like that I swear there's going to be a lynch mob
Bronysith: technically that's still better than paying to get AIDS
0,14INDEED
SolairePony89: O U
It'll be like the Bebop ending, only far less well done.
Those elaborately carved chairs
RAWRity: hmmm. good point
MahBoi777: O ME
0,14there's a teaser image for a Season 2, but it's fairly old
40 OUNCE BOX OF BUCK
RAWRity: heres 50$ now give me AIDS
/me glomps SolairePony89
OPEN FOR APPLEJACK
Liokin: Scootachicken?
RAWRity: ya you are right
/me jump-hugs MahBoi777
CUP´CAKES IS COOL AND MLD IS NOT FOR CRYING LIKE A LITTLE GIRL damn this internet and ther overratings
Whether or not it's actually going to happen, it won't happen until after Medaka's done serializing.
lol
RainBowJack: well if it helps i'll stop calling chickens scootaloo. And from now on everytime I see an angry female dog I'll say diamond tiara.
cachi01: calm your tits
/me laughs sarcastically "A lot .....Lets just say....I did what I said I never would...."
/me 11,01is free
RAWRity: dafuq xd
/me buys Nittany_Discord
lolwut
thanks guys now i have MLP FIM songs on my Step Mania :)
Nittany_Discord: but we can't loot you
Ghost30k: -lol your not to up to date on your pony are you.
Quick_Thinker: thats a win
it is
Waz up
Liokin: I Joined the herd like 2-3 weeks ago
hi Eliteboy2e7
I remember a documentary about the dream city Hitler tried to build - the size of those building were too massive to sustain with their level of technology at the time
Holy shit
inb4 gay guy dies
Liokin: So yes, I am not up to date
11,01otakon: Pretty sad.
/me smiles and bobs his head. "It was alright." He nods a little and glances to the shoes in the hearth. "Sorry I disappeared today by the way."
Hey Eliteboy2e7
Eva 3.33 releases in November
hello :)
StinkomanFan: i remember everypony saying that on the clue stream xd
i got evil enchantress dubstep remix :D
Ghost30k: ohhhh...haha your just a foal. -lol listen and learn from us bro. We will get you up to date.
Wait Saxy is that a thing?
A&E: THE ALL HITLER NETWORK
Holy shit (again)
That has to happen
I like dubstep
i hate dubstep
lol
sorry not dubstep eurostep XD
^
heh
Also I see a chainsaw in there
0,14yep, saw it myself on the Gainax website many months ago
cachi01, But then he went home TO SLEEP
0,14no idea if it's still there
WITH HIS WIFE
lol
Dubstep, meh some of it's good, some of it's an ear rape
StinkomanFan: EXATLY LOL
Probably isn't.
Morning ponies from bronystate :3
Dammit, Gainax. Much as I love them, what a bunch of trolls.
11,01Morning.
Mornin' VioletGreySha
Afternnon
VioletGreySha: <3
Morning/evening VioletGreySha
morning VioletGreySha and goodnight everypony im going to sleep see u tomorrow! :)
what movie is this??
O
Shuddap
mornin VioletGreySha, how are you doing?
gnight cachi01, sleep well!
How much Keef is there?
"Oh it's alright, I slept late today anyhow. And i was a bit suprised that you aren't staying at the mansion too."
MILES O'KEEF
Night, cachi01
MahBoi777: i just woke up :P
what movie is this?
Damn, that guys an asshole
VioletGreySha: oh yeah, whoops.
Eliteboy2e7: It's a TV show called Band of Brothers
ouch
time to eat something then time to draw ponies ^-^
oh
that was harshe
it's pretty good
*harsh
:'(
0,14indeed
just found this site a few mins ago
well at that a bummer the pres is ded
11,01Welcome Eliteboy2e7
Welcome to Bronystate Eliteboy2e7 :)
welcome then Eliteboy2e7
thanks
So has any of the dub been released yet?
All dat beer.
Eliteboy2e7: Sup bro /)
sup
0,14yeeeeeep
Seriously, who gives a shit?
0,14the DVD is out
Hey Who here has played halo?
Eliteboy2e7: Welcome! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wsddzah7p9w&list=FLMiKyfpd2YMs-0bb-hnzcFA&index=16&feature=plpp_video
Welcome, Eliteboy2e7.
/me doesn't get it but nods "O...kay. If you want I could heal those injuries."
Eliteboy2e7: I love Halo
0,14and you can find the dubbed eps on Funanimation's site, Hulu
I hate Halo
0,14and of course, Youtube
11,01SolairePony89: No video links during stream.
Please don't flip out
LOOTING
WOO
"Mhm. I thought the smith house was like my family's smith house back home. An actual house with a hearth." He grins wide. "Turns out, it is. So I decided to stay here."
loot and rape. oh, the spoils of war :)
Nittany_Discord: It was just that one. And plus, I gotta welcome a new Bronystate member!
No Hulu for me, I'm Canadian >.>
Found some clips though
So much censor bleep
lol at the video
11,01Still, no video links during stream. PM them.
SolairePony89, Ah, good ol' Ed, Edd, N' Eddy.
Happy 4th Bronystate!!
that's mah horse
Eliteboy2e7: whats this? a new brony?
/me looks at him closely, his deep scars showing all over. "Kid, no offense....but you couldn't.....I wouldn't .....it ...no.." he takes a drink, "Sorry bud...."
Marx: Best cartoon ever :3
Is it just me, or is the stream skipping for anyone else?
you too Riders
Happy 4th Riders! :D
SolairePony89, Eeyup.
AttackPony: fine here.
Oh hey, it's Tombstone
Hmm...
AttackPony: for me it is kinda
Wass that Tom Hardy
0,14youtube probably has versions without the censors
It's probably just my side....or Flash player being a dick.
/me is resting in secret in the garden where no camera can see him
AttackPony: did you do the new flash update?
>husband is at war
>divorce him
>what a bitch
00,10Would you rather she left your dog
13woohoo bleeding karma like a trauma victim in /r/libertarian cause i suggest you don't have the freedom to set peoples houses on fire with fireworks
Sumica you streaming?
I would.
13yay reddit
00,10you know while you are off at war
Garterbelt's voice is so much win
00,10nah
Sumica: depends....
did those c*nts realize that what they did might have killed their ex?
Bleeding karma?
/me "I mean I could. I have the ability to."
Sumica: what kinda dog?
thats why no OC pony
Liokin: As far as I know, it's updated.
Sumica: I would prefer she have the decency not to divorce me while I'm in a goddamn war
13downvotes in comments
00,10yeah that's more fitting RAWRity
How long has this been streaming?
Honey , im divorcing you , im taking the kid , you can have the dog , i put him in the freezer!
/me smiles a bit, "Congratulations. "
11,01After the war?
"Well that's some good luck right there." she comments, looking at the work area and back to Hammer "If you ever want to come hangout, have a drink or two, or walk around, you're always welcome at the mansion. Well, anypony is, but you know." she giggles a bit.
13easily solved, a couple posts in /r/mylittlepony will bring my score back up
seriously, at least let the man COME THE FUCK HOME before you divorce him
Riders: This one episode or BoB today?
11,01"Welcome home! Let's split."
...I don't get it. You post for score?
0,14wait
What is this?
Nittany_Discord: better than "You're risking your life, so fuck you bye"
What a hell of a way to die... <3
/me sighs "But if you don't want to it's fine."
00,10this would be around ep 9
AttackPony: sometimes it take a little for your software to break in. Give it a few days and it will snap right.
11,01Yeah.
SolairePony89 = When did the stream start and what episode is this
Oh this part... yea this is a bad part
0,14people support the "freedom" to light other people's houses on fire with fireworks?
RAWRity: Nobody to go home to > Nothing holding you back.
no one dies, just it's sad
Riders: Episode 9 and it started 24 minutes ago
Freedom, sure
I remember something like this from Forrest Gump
Liokin: I might have to update it...last one was about a month ago....
Nittany_Discord: I guess for many guys the thought that there is someone waiting for them back at home was a huge motivation. If that was gone they might as well run into a crossfire.
AttackPony: check for an update.
Also, Funimation are amazing
big tits, lol
well i think im hooked on Step mania (ironicly the song i play was so many wonders XD
titties
lol
The anti-4kids
:D
this one http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2438/ or this one http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4728/ ?
Well, got nothing to go back to. Might as well just go and fight until I die.
hes making plans ? hes dead
>jewish girl
>titties
SolairePony89 = When did the stream start for the series though. I had my own 4th plans and couldn't be there for the start
HEY NIKO WANNA GO BOWLING
>Good luck with that sir
RAWRity: Then grab a gun and raise some hell/
The first
13both?
Germans are bad
gonna try to do the theme remixed
Riders: Series started several days ago, don't remember when
never would've guess
*guessed
GERMANS ARE BAD :O
0,14Zoidberg?
Germans aren't bad, Nazis are
11,01But VioletVanilla isn't bad :<
:D
lol
I'm feeling shitty now
Nittany_Discord: Who da buck said vivi was bad.....
major cut off
/me hugs StinkomanFan
if memory serves, Vi isn't technically from germany
/me gives Liokin a gun that shoots chainsaws that are on fire
SolairePony89: trufax
My mom and my little brother (different one) got into a fight.
dammit I can't stay up for the last ep tonight
ich bin kein nazi
Dick Tracy and Flash Gordon = What more literature do you need
http://derpy.me/Yqd2P
So I try to help my mom
it's already 12:30 here
I can't do it
13who ist daring to suggest vivi is bad
Why are they evicting people?
13i will end them
Shizuka: who?
00,10if I was the enemy I would totaly remove those signs.
/me gives Shizuka her ban flamethrower
Shizuka: that soldier who said germans are bad
WHO SAID VI WAS BAD?!
13i have a degreaser
13i am not afraid to use it
putting a bed face on a colt is hard .... unless is braeburn
Wondering if I should by the PaSwG DVD set
Bronysith: Thought it was a banhammer
11,01Flame the stream Shizuka!
Shizuka: -lol lemme grab my knife....
It wasn't me fore sure
13>louis cosplay
So then I hit my little brother beause he hit my mom
13>no pills
Sumica: I'd paint "Safe Zone" over it
13BLASPHEMY
Ghost30k: Shizuka is a pyro. she gets the flamethrower
oh damn thats a LOT of krauts
insert red alert's hell march theme
Shizu, memes aren't everything.
Then my little brother hit me
So WHY did they evict those people?
There not russian..
13http://i.imgur.com/iXKYr.gif
pfffft
And then my mom hit me
Couldn't say that with a straight face
Who's currently streaming tonight's programming?
So now I feel like shit for defending my mom
0,14really regret not taking a pic of this Chrysalis when I had the chance: https://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-prn1/s720x720/529202_10150900445021370_2017500187_n.jpg
O_o
>Coach cosplay > no chocolate bar
Riders: no idea tbh
i do believe Mica is streamin
hi everypony
00,10nope
wb xMLPxREACTORx
Hiyo xMLPxREACTORx
Sumica: way to break the streak
hey where's Melarky?
Chrysalis ?
/me nods. The room is filled with worked shoes, hammers, a few anvils, and a pair of swords in the corner, as well as the huge hearth that takes up much of the back. Next to it is the stairs. "I'd love to Mirage, thank you."
Shizuka's fire is the cleanser. >:3
hey xMLPxREACTORx! how are you?
13i feel like i am living in phoenix again.... "tomorrow is forecast to be cooler than today"
11,01Everypony knows that Vi is good.
And then nopony listened to my depressed rantings
13>95F 60% humidity
11,01Vi brings world peace.
and I feel uncared for
Where's MELARKY?
WOAH
Nittany_Discord: with her music :P
WAT
/me cares about StinkomanFan
Brits.
SolairePony89: French soldiers getting revenge
good
/me love vivi uncondtionally <3
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka
0,14derp
Look at it this way
0,14meant this pic: https://sphotos.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc6/s720x720/168804_10150900439931370_683858906_n.jpg
You don't have to experience the Canadian winter.
Spriggals: Those were french :P
Same here Shizu
/me sighs "I just don't see a point...I deserve these..."
If they were Frenchies they would still surrender, even if the Germans were defensless
13you can bundle up for winter...
I prefer cold to hot
13it is snuggle weather..
Rawrity = Do you know if he's in the chat right now
i just made a youtube channel
XD
You can always put on more clothes
only so many can come off
*laughs
hey MLP good job
13you cannot shed skin to cool off in gravy thickness air
heya Valthejean good to see you back to your usual nick
/me hugs Shizuka
That's not how a Canadian winter works.
xMLPxREACTORx: Good job
Irish_Pony: You'd think the Germans would of known not to piss of the French given how much ass they've kicked in the past
Seriously, I feel like shit and I doubt anything'll cheer me up
i would but i dont have a camera so yeah :)
/me "Deserve?"
thanks
StinkomanFan: Ponies?
In a Canadian winter, you so much as step outside and you're buried and snow with frostbite.
boi
SolairePony89: well that was Hitlers fault :P
Stinkeromanfan WE WILL MAKE YOU SMILE
-lol
ponies can only heal so many wounds
And we do get heat, thanks
/me also knows Nittany_Discord haz a huge crush on shizu..
We're lucky enough to get both negative and positive thirty.
And add french fries with that ORDER
:D
and a shake
And a meatwad
"For the shit I've done...."
"No problem..." she sits down wherever there is a seat "So you really like being a smithy huh? It's a good trade."
13i prefer rain..
13give me 60F rain all the time
13i would be happy
What's 60F in Celsius?
13less than that
"TF2 sucks." Wait what?
Herr Doctor
I know that, I'm just too lazy to do the formula in my head.
Reikim, ~15.5
13i do not speak crazy metric weather because celsius is too coarse detail for me
well, I believe that look says "HOW DARE YOU"
0,14like 30C I think?
>TF2
>Sucks
GET OUT
/me "...oh..."
Sure come in my house and break my stuff thats kool...
ohai everypony im back from mah BBQ
NOW :|
The Imperial system is innacurate and dated.
^
That action was bad and you should feel bad
eeyup
Karma loss
otakon: wait for the end of this ep
StinkomanFan: TF2 is the best online shooter i ever played
11,01Sure. Come into my stuff and break my house.
Liokin: while your at it kick your feet up and relax
Nittany_Discord: kay
it's quiet and NOTHING happens
helo
TF2>CoD or BoB
*hello
hello Eliteboy2e7 welcome
00,10watch out for ewoks
too quiet... DARN IT! I'VE DOOMED THEM ALL!
Eliteboy2e7: have ya read the rules?
hey guys i know a person named noah how wont try mlp and i have told him about it and who it is one of the best tv shows but he thinks this show is for little girls what do you think what would you tell him
13aren't washing machines fun
i'm back
Sumica: ^
/me 11,01explodes
MahBoi777: You wanna also take my dog and drink my vintage alchohol? Be my guest.
13am so clever..
Washing machines are fun.
/me picks Nittany's pieces
/me shakes his head, "Nevermind that crap. I see you're a zebra...but you got magic? "
StinkomanFan: every game ever>CoD
Deathcamp time.
CoD used to be super awesome
Liokin: well if you say so Lol
StinkomanFan: whats your fav class on TF2!
/me dusts Nittany_Discord 's Pieces
Who's that lady?
xMLPxREACTORx: Tell him that it's a great show and he should watch an episode sometime. Don't force it down his throat, though
xMLPxREACTORx, tecnically that's true
xMLPxREACTORx: tell him that it IS for little girls, but is still a good enbough show to appeal to all ages and genders.
xMLPxREACTORx: don't force him to watch it, just recommend a good "intro" ep to show it's not just a show for little girls. I suggest Lesson Zero.
/me gives Liokin a pale
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Indeed. Then, MW2 came out...
oh hello Shizuka
Bronysith: spelled pail.
xMLPxREACTORx: My cousin David was the same way, bring it up little by little, he eventually came around
well MLP i have triede to get my friends to watch it but they wont they know im a brony and make fun of me for it but i still use the old love and tolerence to see if i can win them over
Liokin Nah i brought a soda
Oh hello Shamroc.
And that man named Popeye, soon made a resturant
How are you?
Eliteboy2e7: -lol
I'm not good as him but I like him more than the others
/me Drinks mah soda
The camps ;_;
StinkomanFan: wait its tf2
now we see a concentration camp
I'm best as Medic though
good
StinkomanFan: all choices are good choices
i was pyro before it was kewl
Deathcamp.
/me nods softly, looking to the coals. "It's one of those old time things, you know? An old fashioned way of life..." He looks back at Mirage. "Where are you from by the way?"
tired from swimmin
thanks
NOT GOOD
OH, THIS IS BAD
Nazis Fuckers
/me burps on accident
/me "...Yeah. Non-unicornic magic. You need some training in order to practice it though."
oops
lol
MERIACA
and then we get depressed by Concentration Camps
11,01You found a secret concentration camp!
"Oh I came from Manehattan, then Canterlot, and then, well, here!"
Time to see lots of corpses
Oh God
/me nods. "What were they like?"
"Arbeit Mach Frei
Nittany_Discord: what do? a: free prisoners B) blow it up
LOL
And acid showers
Swimming?
And ovens
it took 6 years to find this out o_o
I forget when the Allieds started finding those camps :'( I think it was a couple months before they arrived in Germany
oops i did caps
Cypresswolf: yup
heh
and Nazi science experiments
yeah swimming
Paragon=free them. Renegade=free them then murder them
Eliteboy2e7: no worries every now and then, just no spamming eh?
Like, competitive?
k
no no
BBQ swimming
Long story short, Concentration Camps are depressing
Eliteboy2e7: did ya read the rules?
Ah yeah
dat hopelessness
the only problem he says is his sister will make funny of him if he whacths it
i will now
StinkomanFan: probably one of the biggest atrocities in recorded history
0,14I miss swimming ;__;
?
otakon: THE biggest
You can't swim Saxy?
"You've never been to either of those places before?"
All of the nazis responsible for the horrors of those places fled when the Allieds got to near
00,10Cool PJ's
And that some people didn't BELIEVE it happened
/me nods, "I've heard of it.....pretty neat."
Is the next episode playing after this?
i am so afraid that concentration camps will happen again somehow
Sumica: o_o
Ghost30k: the last one, 10
Sumica: the boy in striped pajamas
0,14I can
/me shakes his head. "Nono, I've never been."
0,14pretty well
I mean
Bronysith: Read that, very sad ending
0,14I just don't get the chance to do it often
Bronysith: they happened in the US to a much lesser degree with the Japanese that lived here.
Sumica: ikr. im totally jelly of that dude that got the gold star on his....
00,10ZOMBIES!
this is just scary, and depressing
Yeah, like that
00,10aim for the head
...
;_;
/me "Yeah. So far I'v only practiced white magic."
otakon: Most Germans didn't believe it happened. It is kinda hard to belive in retrospect, but they still needed to find out, which they did
otakon: i know. but im afraid it might happen the same as the concentration camps for like. idk
I AM back
wb Eliteboy2e7
Eliteboy2e7: Ello
0,14I am a Pisces after all :3
SolairePony89: ^
Being in new york city you'd likely mutate in some way trying to swim in the water there...
Sumica: insensitivity raised to 99! *nord chanting* level up!
hello
Ha!
He's sucking the soul out of him
Ghost30k: Only gingers can do that
o_o
I couldn't imagine, I really couldn't.
All of my emotions
SolairePony89: HA HA
StinkomanFan: same here
this is the most worst part ( of the WW II)
/me thinks, "That's healing and stuff?"
Sumica: have you read night?
I still cant wrap my mind around how anyone could do that to another person :'(
...........How we're gonna rebuild our home..........WITH BAUKER, MAI SON, WITH BAUKER
WHO HERE read the book Night?
00,10not that i know of
My dad visited one of the camps...he told me the smell was still there :(
I'm sure NYC has at least some sanitary pools.
0,14we do
poor Anne Frank
Bronysith: Heard of it, but I've never got around to reading it
Homosexuals, Gypsies, those who opposed the Nazis
Irish_Pony: dear God
0,14but they're public pools
But they're public, aren't they
11,01Crazy people.
Yeah
StinkomanFan: and of course jews
And of course... the Jewish
Mother of god!!
So sanitary really isn't a thing.
0,14indeed
So still mutations
just ever worse
SolairePony89: Sumica it is a good read. but omg the experiences that man went through at 15 is.. o god
didnt russians find these camps first?
StinkomanFan: the physically infirm, the developmentally challenged. They did that to them.
I think at that point you'd skip the mutations phase and just go straight for death.
They believed it was Labor Camps
Cypresswolf: I'm sure those townsfolk were pumped full of propoganda to make them not care
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: they did IIRC.
Not... these things
StinkomanFan: so, ponies, according to the fandom?
/me nods
pauses, "I was only there for about an hour or so..."
werent there some camps that fought back and won for awhile
adasdad...What?
well every pony i have to go to work bye bye
Goddammit, this is just ..goddammit
http://studentintervention.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/282-mother-of-god.jpg
Quick_Thinker: Yes i think so
bye RainBowJack take care have a good day.
Later RainBowJack
Bye, RainBowJack.
bye RainBowJack!
afk)
um Eliteboy2e7 this is not the time for that
k
at all
adasdad, did you just accuse ponies of being like captured concentration camp victims?
StinkomanFan: poorly timed, response to the homosexuals gypsys and those who opposed the nazis
So is NYC really all that great? I know a lot of people that are rather obsessed with it.
Okay. be back soon >.> )
SolairePony89: The entire Nazi movement was introduced gradually, many followed thinking it could never happened to them, even when thier neighbors started to disapear
StinkomanFan: yes, I think. gotta be a fanfic about it somewhere
0,14depends
anyone remember the Armenian genocide?
Cypresswolf: thus the whole argument of "I spoke for no one, so when they came for me there was no one left to speak."
0,14if you don't mind the hustle and bustle
adasdad... that's just... no words
0,14then you'll probably like it
Cypresswolf: Well yeah, but I mean the townsfolk near the camp must of been pumped with an extreme amount of propoganda
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: I'm afraid not.
world war 2 is my fav moment in history. everything was so interesting. disturbing as hell
I prefered the Gang Eras
shit....
They weren't as depressing
otakon: you dont say
gas chambers
Oh god...
acid showers
this is like
SolairePony89: in this case - German Pride, they were probably brainwashed right from the start
11,01Railroad cars of people.
0,14definately worth a visit, few places are like it
and even you were unlucky scientfic experiments
AttackPony: yup...
how could people treat others like this for their beliefs?
sick world
Is there anyone out there who hasn't seen Schindler's List?
Bronysith: I don't know, I just don't know.
Bronysith, brainwashing
mass media
I'll see what I can do.
A whole lot of brainwashing
sometimes you wonder if you ask a german politician if WW2 happened and he would probably say no
Bronysith: Religion, belief, a higher existance, hierarchy. Alot of things.
people will do anything and everything for their beliefs.
SolairePony89: I haven't seen the whole movie, only some bits. really want to see the whole thing
/me is planning to visit one of these camps to pay his respects
SolairePony89: I've seen it, but never read the book.
Vordox: yep
I got disconnected
11,01Sad fact: It could still happen.
wb Eliteboy2e7
Nittany_Discord: Sad fact...it's still happening
Nittany_Discord: im scared that it might
so i had to change my name
all because of one man, hitler, decided to blame the Jews, all these people died, I don't often believe people deserve to go to hell but hitler, Fuck, If i had the choice I escort him myself to his eternal torture
for instance austic people would be one of the first to go if i base this off the entire sick idea
11,01Vordox: I know.
otakon: You need to. The ending of the movie is probably the most moving part of any movie I've ever seen
Suddenly O'keith just doesnt want to be here anymore. Thats war kid. Its cruel. Its Ugly. Its goddamn shame.
Ghost30k: Hitler didn't start it
who has steam
its midnight here
im going to bed
Tell a lie long enough...people start to believe it
SolairePony89: I do, but I haven't been able to find a copy anywhere.
Vordox: Well than who did?
Night, Derpy_Hooves
Eliteboy2k7: just about everypony here.
Mmmmmm bread.
TELL THAT BAKER TO SHUT THE BUCK UP!
Derpy_Hooves: Later bro /)
Hitler may not have started it, but he sure as hell didn't stop it
wew i just got pony swag! yay
Ghost30k: I do not know, but I am certain Hitler is not the one who started that belief.
What kind of swag?
shitt
shirt*
otakon: I saw it in school. Probably would of cried if I wasn't in a schoolroom
so ya bascially most german ppl didnt know about the concentration camps
or they turned a blind eye
I would drag him to the camp and make him look at it.
What kind of shirt?
00,10put the fear of god in to em
bc they didn't want to be next
It was, I read it in History class, he blamed them for all of the problems left by WW1
EVERYONE needs to see Schindler's List.
AttackPony: we should stream it here
I wanna see that
but dammit I didn't put it as my A
otakon: Would we be allowed to?
I should have
i think one of the camps was the camp shown in the great escape
Sumica: and this sir is why bakers are awesome. Feed the world your bread sumi.
Liokin: Much of the German populace was shown at least videos of concentration camps
WOAH
D:
this one in silver
AttackPony: yeah, if Requiem for a Dream could show, that would
Shamroc pic or it didn't happen
:'(
?
http://www.welovefine.com/716-rainbow-run.html
i am a dr btw
:(
11,01Is Schindler's List as bad as Requiem?
thats a harsh decision
otakon: I've never seen Requiem for a Dream but I think it's tame compared to Schindler's List
What kind of doctor?
Nittany_Discord: i dont think so
Requiem for a Dream was TERRIFYING
Sumica: ooh ya you bake. i love baked goods! what is your fav to make?
not completly sure
Ooooh
Nittany_Discord: I've seen Schindler's List...whoa...
13http://i44.tinypic.com/aes6ea.jpg >>
damn i mean that is sad beyond anything in belif
AttackPony: it is
Doctorate of time, I see.
wuts Schindler's List?
AttackPony: oh you'd be surprised :D
/me waits )
Nittany_Discord i like that movie
has anyone seen Great Escape
Shizuka...neat?
Ghost30k: Speeches to the German Nation (1808)
Nittany_Discord: In some ways, yes, but not really.
And the Asuka cosplay is still amazing.
Quick_Thinker: I have
0,14heh, you really like that Asuka cosplay pic
13well that was anticlimactic..
Dovah, a film about the Concentration Camp
11,01Requiem was awesome, but extremely intense.
a great film
God, that's just wrong
00,10well so far as breads we make these slider rolls
Telling them they gotta go back in
Shizuka.....wut?
this is heart breaking
0,14nah
Quick_Thinker: yes it is, great classic
Sumica: Where's pizza bagels?
It's late, we're all exhausted.
Nittany_Discord, THAT FRIDGE HAUNTS ME
0,14there's something kinda...calming about her expression >>.
they must feel like absoulte monsters
Vordox: you thinking what im thinking?
http://derpy.me/kShty
0,14*>.>
Pizza bites
PIZZA BAGELS
errr bagels
Bronysith: You startin' something?
that is anticlimatic :p
11,01You need a new fridge.
Vordox: ho yea
00,10I work in a chinise bakery so we kinda have alot of sweet breads.
Sumica: kewl
gimme pizzaaaaaa
Stop startin' Bronysith
/me glomps Nittany_Discord with a fridge that is actually the TARDIS
Nittany_Discord, THE FRIDGE FROM THAT MOVIE MAN
HEY i have some hapy news i finally beat what is this place on step mania
Vordox: pizza bagels?
Chinise bakery?
*bewm*
Sumica: sweet breads? yuck man.
00,10but we have this one speclity dainish puff pastry that we make with some kind of imported sweet butter.
Spriggals: Chineese
Oh man #lobby has truely died for I am it's op now look what you did this channel!
Sumica: sounds good actually.
He said Chinise.
Bronysith: Oh startin' pizza bagels, I'll call the UVARD:
I wonder how the Russians treated the Jews who survived in the concentration camps they found
otakon: Sweet rolls are awesome >:3
SolairePony89: well actually
whut?
is the series almost done ? do they go into the pacifc campaain or no?
11,01My brother is going to ask his boss to give me a job.
Sumica: Have you ever had the urge to sneak a piece? And if so, have you actually done it?
0,14wow
Nittany_Discord: nice brother
Quick_Thinker: no they don't, it's a different thing
11,01Yeah.
dan
Nittany_Discord: Good luck
What's lobby?
otakon: I sure hope so, the Russians weren't all THAT bad
11,01He got my other brother a job.
Nittany_Discord: good on ya
SolairePony89: no, the Russians friggin helped
13regulars version 1
I don't think that I'd make it to the camp before I'd try to kill myself
Nazi or not
Ah, thanks.
otakon: Thanks God for that
Yup
this series handles it very well im disapointed in my self that i have seen this
00,10Sneek a peice?
Thank*
11,01Stalin did his own killing.
I still lurk there but it's dead
00,10what like eat what I make.
Stalin i think killed more than Hitler
11,01Possibly more than Hitler.
I looked in I'm op'd
Sumica: she means get it on in the back room.
It's been a worthwhile experience bronies but I've gotta go; starting to pass in and out of conciousness so Bed time for me. Happy 4th
I've been in a chicken house in 100 degree heat surrounded by 10K dead chickens...that has NOTHING on that scene.
...
bye Riders sleep well
Sumica: Yep
Probably because the channel died and you recreated it.
Sumica: Of course she means what you bake! >:3 -lol
WW2 was Evil versus evil
it's that Nazi woman
happy 4th Riders
Worst thing is, this isn't effecting me...
11,01Cya Riders
._.
why are they crying? They just sat there and watched as the nazis MERCILESSLY killed them
Goodnight Riders
Stalin killed more than Hitler, yes. He killed an estimated 20 million, here Hitler killed 13 million
I'm hardly off line but it was reg'd
00,10all the time, it's called quality control =p
well evil VS a lesser evil
where*
*The prisoners
What SolairePony89 ?
Awkward?
So yeah those 30days ticks
Sumica: Strong control you have there.
SolairePony89: I thought that was the total casuality of germans/Russians
Ghost30k: bc they didn't want to believe, bc they didn't think it actually happened. And they're regretting turning a blind eye to it.
Again, it probably died.
Im going to say this...there are no evil and good in war, only winners and loosers.
/me 11,01controls Sumica
11,02Moo O.O
Sumica: hahaha /)
hi SuperBrony64
hay SuperBrony64
THANK GOD
HITLER'S DEAD
no where near is the war over
This wasn't really an actiony episode
wow buffer
SuperBrony64: hiya guy, you happily missed the saddest bit.
hey SB!
HItler is being tortured relentlessly in hell. HE DESERVES WORSE
Vordox: Nope. Russians had 20 million losses in total I think though
Ghost30k: it's winding down is all.
11,02otakon: Good :3
SolairePony89: Yeah, and German had 13
moop
I know,
We should stream Downfall someday. It'd be quite interesting methinks
11,02I don't liek sad stuff :<
SuperBrony64: WATCH THIIIIS
OKAY WAHT IS WITH THE VILONS
I know I'm no IRC fool
Bronysith, a movie once showed Hitler get pineapple shoved up his ass
Quick_Thinker: Emotion outlet
Ghost30k: at this point I think the Russian front was advancing much more than the US.
Would you guys get outa here! The atmosphere is enough! >:3
I was just relaying it's death
Quick_Thinker: popular instrument back then.
StinkomanFan: still not bad enough
There's a special spot in Hell JUST reserved for Hitler.
fair enough but its tugging at my heart now
Damn troll musiscians..
Stalin killed 90% of the russian generals which kinda helped making 29 million death
StinkomanFan: he needs the worst possible thing to happen to him ever
the 'Final Solution'
Vordox: That's the total amout that died in the Concentration Camps, not German losses throughout the war
/me plays a requiem for lobby
Another had Hitler be zombified and then killed in one of his Acid showers
dear God, HOW? HOW COULD ANYONE BE THAT GODDAMN HEARTLES?! HOW!?
otakon: Insanity mixed with power
StinkomanFan: still not bad enough
corruption in the hearts of men
otakon, the history of man is filled with monsters
Last part.
11,01Yep.
Those who are heros to some are evil to others
StinkomanFan: im thinking you jam a glass marble in his wingahonga, half way throgh the pipe and smash it with a hammer.
Given the chance, I'm sure many more people would do what Hitler did
otakon: the world is heartless if you think about it, there will never be any mercy, there can only be punishment
...Kind of a depressing way to end the night, but good night, everyone. I'll see you all at the BMN on Friday.
65.6 million people died in WW2
Total
otakon: History is full of such monsterous individuals - Hitler was far from the first, nor was he the last
#lobby was this room back when Shizuka was hatless
Vordox: wasnt it more than that?
Napoleaon was either a hero or a monster
End the night I just woke up
USSR: 20.0MChina: 10.45MPoland: 5.8MGermany: 5.5MIndia: 2.15MJapan: 1.9MYugoslavia: 1.55M
Napoleaon was mad
Its different to each person
back
Dem timezones
now the question stands WHAT HAPPENS IF WE NEVER FOUND GUNPOWDER
USB borked on me
Cypresswolf: to think in a few years there is probably going to be some sort of new mad evil psychopath
Night everyone.
Night Reikim
shizu has hats?
0,14later Reikim
Cya Reikim!
Reikim: Later bro /)
when did this happen
Quick_Thinker: we'd be killing each other with swords bows and arrows still
night btw Reikim
Night, Reikim
/me returns)
11,01There was war before guns.
otakon1: Why's there a 1 after otakon?
Im gonna head out too, good night everypony! Take it easy!
Night RaveBrony
Another thing had Hitler be thrown into a rancor pit after being frozen in kryptonite
Night, RaveBrony
well sure but at least it isnt that deadly i mean HELL WE MADE A FUCKING BOMB THAT DESTROYS MATTER
http://necrometrics.com/20c5m.htm for information based on several sources.
SolairePony89: USB borked, otakon is dead but chat don't know it and I don't feel like ghosting it.
ALL DEATH TOLLS
Total and Military losses
otakon1: M'kay
otakon1: exactly :) We'd have state of the art steam powered arrow machine guns.
11,01And then we made the bomb bigger.
11,01And bigger.
There are a few such...so called "leaders" commiting similar acts to their own citizens and others today - Assad in Syria is being talked about quite alot lately
Arms race in a nutshell Nittany_Discord
And then we dropped it on Japan
and then it shrunk.
this shit all started when two people ate an apple
16.9 Civilians died in Russian
and now we dont use it at all we just threaten to
And then we made it even more powerful
11,01And pointed the bombs and missiles at each other so the other side wouldn't use their bombs.
It feels like 50% if not more of the old lobby crowd no longer exist
/me stares at Mirage, wide eyed. "...Hundreds of ponies?" He blinks and leans back. He shakes his head. "I've only met about a couple hundred in my life." He gives a short chuckle.
1.6 was germans.
And a chunk of the ones who do are mods
makes you wonder what would happen if Russia was still communist
One thing rings true to me no matter how many times I run it through my head. "At the end of the day, So long as there are two people left on the planet. Somebody is gonna want somebody dead"
so okay what if we never discover atomic fussion?
Sometimes I fear that the Cold War never really ended...
well then thats why im here...to be the new set of old crowd.....
Nittany_Discord: and now all it takes is a delusional mind and an itchy finger.
Bronysith: correct. ^-^
Canada is probably going to be left alone for a long long long time
Liokin, in hindsight, that line is insanely sad
But you wheren't here at the start
StinkomanFan: But true.
well of course i wasntr
11,01Alchemist: Yep.
okay guys im doing the MLP FIM theme on HARD for Step mania wish me luck
Not where all of us but most where from BMN 1-5
Quick_Thinker: Good luck, mate
"Yeah you'd be suprised from the sounds of it. Canterlot had almost as many ponies as manehattan does!"
Kindness is not a natural emotion. It's better
almost midnight - got 1 more thing I need to do before bed - brb
Back when BMNs where sometimes as busy as chat is now
so do we have a bronystate tf2 server yet?
I wanted to make a Bronystate Minecraft server
night everypony
but that didn't work
guns for photographs seems legit.
Night, superretroworld
superretroworld: Later bro /)
/me leans forward, brow raised. "How many of these ponies did you actually know?"
11,01Why did it not work?
woah
Dumorimasoddaa is active?
stop the presses
Liokin: (\
I lurk
/me passes out fatman nukes
I always lurked
11,01(\ Liokin
i mean chatting wise
i know you lurk
and i failed
idlerpg does that
Hehe
Nah
/me dusts Nittany_Discord "Im not leaving >:3"
11,01Oh.
IdleRPG is makes me lurk a tiny but more
/me noms on Nittany_Discord
a shot of my finest whiskey to all those serving today, and those who are in the stream right now - Cheers!
"Oh, only a fraction of the ponies in the city!" she laughs "It's not like a small town or village where you know almost everpony, I sometimes wish it were that way though."
Cypresswolf cheers
Cypresswolf: Can't drink. Underage.
I remember this terrifying cartoon that showed the last two people killing each other dead
ogod why lol http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5438/
and then IdleRPG had DLC....
funny, but wrong
wut
/me just continues drinking, "Y'aight kid?"
And war gear
I do not know what WW3 will be fought with, but all i know is that WW4 will be fought with stick and stones, that quote is so memorable
IdleRPG is like a f2p game
With no pay to win
i must go to bed but i am going to http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2042/
Dumorimasoddaa...i know what it is..
The worst part? It was WW1 gear
I know
thats the joke
night Bronysith sleep well
Night Bronysith
i think i do that a bit too often Bronysith
im not going to bed yet
...Who's this Caramel? And why do I want to hug him so much?
00,10lol, realy?
<7.05.12: The fourth of july for the ponies here and I'm glad I wasn't invited to anything. All I heard that the beaches were full and the cookout here was done before i entered here, so I'm not worried as long as I stay well hidden. The next thing I will do is destroy every celestia damned camera here!>
i am going to post ponies instead otakon1 silly filly
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: hmm...Mark Twain, I believe
otakon1, Peace on Earth if I remember
Cypresswolf: nope its Albert Einstein
WOO I WE WIN!
StinkomanFan: Well I have a minecraft server up but I only use it really for me and somepony else. We just do 2 man survival and see how long we can go really. we've built huge towns just us two but it eventually got old I guess. If you want to we could use that server. but Id have to get in contact with him again but if I do i'll be able to get the server up and a bunch of BrS can head there.
YEAH FUCK SLEEP WE DONT NEED IT (okay why were the functions of sleep built seriously i know it heals and rests your body but its seems like such a waste of Luna)
A man truly wiser than his years
StinkomanFan: eeyup, they read from the bible too. it was actually a deep cartoon even for today's standards and ahead of it's time for back then
Nice, clean, austrian streets.
No the joke is if you added pay2win
People would pay
brb guys, updating flash player
otakon1, it's on TVTropes's nightmare fuel page for animation
This was me when i saw the AC3 trailer http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/883/
/me "Yeah. Sorry. It's just you sorta gave off a bad vibe when you came in. No offence."
Right near Plague Dogs...
/me smiles and nods. "I know how that is." He clears his throat, picking up a curved pick. He puts it into the hearth and pulls out a bright red shoe, carrying it to a larger anvil in the room and setting it down. He smiles at Mirage as he picks up a hammer in hoof and proceeds to hammer away. "I knew everyone back home. I knew ponies from before i was born."
no i ment.. i now what idlerpg is
i understand the concept of f2p and p2w...
http://derpy.me/W8IDG
Fucking Plague Dogs. You thought Watership Dow was depressing?
Made by the same guys
Ghost30k: you got that over a yearly game?
Yup
>Kill Hitler, take his stuff
Plague Dogs was one of the few movies that brought me to tears
eww a portrait of Hitler
