for those non Her Queen's English folks
00,02yellow brick is best stalker
otakon: i would hope thats at least common knowledge
"Ring of doorbell"
chain it
otakon: then again...i could easily be wrong on that
Hey guys, can you see this?
AttacktheAndalite: eeyup
"The Yellow Brick Rapist"
AttacktheAndalite: Yesh :3
router, y 4 u no want talk to computer...
BONK
00,02AttacktheAndalite, yup
The brick came back.
oh no
The very next day
inb4 army of bricks
How the frack?
I SHALL NOT SUCCUMB TO THE MADNESS
I'm giggleing right now
11,01I wonder if I should do an Q and A.
otakon okay. I'm on my phone since my computer is now being a dick
Nittany_Discord: dont you mean q and neigh?
Nittany_Discord: yes!!!
omg LOL XD
/me Giggles
It's 12:21 AM I'm having a really hard time not laughing out load! :D
inb4 another yellow brick
this is going to be one of those "i just wasted 5 minutes of your life" jokes
yellow brick appears again
And he finds another yellow brick!
/me dances on a yellow brick
:D
he does a lot of ignoring the stalker yellow brick
/me Giggles
otakon: this is the WORST. POSSIBLE. THING.
Can't he just leave it there?
is his archway falling apart?
^
Can't he just leave it there?
^^
Alpha-Omega CANNOT UNSEE!!
And he finds another yellow brick!
this is the worlds most drawn out joke
Trololololol
I KNEW IT!
sagas: indeed
Phase4: XD
Trollestia strikes again
Phase4: Same.
AttacktheAndalite a joke
I picture him trolling himself in his sleep
really? A doorbell is THAT distressing?
11,01Remind me to do a Q and A next stream.
what are we watching right now?
:O
Nittany_Discord remember to do a Q and A next stream
Computer is working *knocks on wood three times*
WORST.POSSIBLE.THING
I just got back
...What?
Nittany_Discord: Sounds like fun :3
And he finds another yellow brick!
hi XylemTube
We're getting close...
Hi! :)
lyra
:O
...Wtf is this?
and THAT is the joke
Yaay
OMG!!
XD
WAT
this is going to be one of those "i just wasted 5 minutes of your life" jokes
lol
trololololo
I CALLED IT
00,02XD
...
xD
We just got trolled
:D :D :D :D :D :D
I don't get it
I BLOODY CALLED IT
:D
/me Giggles
I don't get it
00,02Trololololo
...
It's quite British :3
Genius
i don't get it
otakon trolololo
As I said "Trollestia strikes again!"
I DARE you to do the Aristocrats joke
Polydunami|DW he's Scottish
Yeah! Part of the British Isles!
XD
And how i am cat phobic
meow
this is sounding retarded alreay
*already
i'm a cat meow :3
hi sonicrainboomer259|b
stfu, this is awesome joke
Ponies47: I'm not too sure
LoLz
that was funny
oh hai there AttacktheAndalite
XD
/me Giggles
AttacktheAndalite: K :P
...
LOL!
Listen to dat accent. XD
was that the joke?
Ohai oni_link
cats land on their feet
^
AttacktheAndalite: how are ya?
:D
00,02XD
A yellow brick?
trololoplololo
XD
Knew it.
ingwaz I like the part where he goes "What the fuck are you doing?"
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
and then the joke made sense
HIS LAUGH! XD
fuckin troll
darn it
wow
xD
hahha
........................
Oh geeze
/me Giggles
XD
/me Ponies47 will be right back after this word from showers :P
That. Was. Awesome.
also fcking retarded
Oni_link: I'm fine. Computer is being an ass right now
THE BRICK JOKE MENTLEGEN!
PART ||| NOW
AttacktheAndalite: aw how so?
/me has a heart attack from laughing so hard
What brick joke?
Well you can add more to that laugh count
AttacktheAndalite you missed it?
you were gonna get MARRIED?!
:O
^
Tell some racist or dirty jokes
dat laugh
HE IS SCOTTISH!
High of life
Oni_link: my computer now spams the letter e and d so now I'm on my fone
You a silly guy
and hes gone...
11,01Just like me.
THE SCOTS ARE ALWAYS DRUNK!
Buffalo
otakon: Arent' they the same thing/
:P
oh buffering
And, uh--
And uhh *hangup*
08,01i should stream when drunk sometime
08,01<3
Oh, bollocks xD
/me kicks otakon
STOP THIS NONSENSE NOW DISCORD!
shows over?
oh well, i'm going to bed
". . . and, uh-" awkward silence
night ingwaz sleep well
Gnight, ingwaz. Sleep well.
XylemTube the stream is being moved to another person
g'nigh ingwaz
Night ingwaz
Lunar_Brony yes I did. I just got on like five minutes ago
okay!;'
So what, more Nadia?
SB is gonna stream now? does that mean more Nadia? :)
08,01heh, and just after i finished streaming, i saw there was a request for Indian Flim Flam...
bye everypony,i'm goin to play TF2
Not quite over?
1
2
3
4
5
6.
0
. . .
42
69
i
3.14
666
bye sonicrainboomer259|b
even that kick lagged . . .
5
2
The square root of -1.
09
8
6
i thought the yellow brick joke was halarious
-.
08,01Eddmario: my brother's more one for dirty jokes
/me divides by 0
dat lag kick
lol what did otakon do ffor that one. :D
sonicrainboomer259|b I was trying to get myself kicked becuase I felt too lazy to put new batteries in my mouse
08,01anyhoos, i'm off to go be clever now
08,01see you all! <3
THE HELL WAS THAT FOR!?
seeya
... Hobby?
08,01Eddmario: sure!
GabeMoist: apparently
Never did quite get around to Doctor Who :S
I found this site on a youtube video
Alpha-Omega: did you now? :3
i need a copy of that yellow brick joke
Polydunami: Got Netflix?
Yeah Ballad of the brony
/me >>>> F0rk
Alpha-Omega: awesome
Get on my level
Oh yeah, DixInfernus. Is this your first time on Bronystate?
I thought it was fucking hilarious
Alpha-Omega same
Yes, it is.
Also, no Netflix. I've got DailyMotion.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LGwU-aStzI
I'm glad too. You ponies ar awesome
Well, then. Welcome to BronyState, DixInfernus!
Thank you, polydunami.
/me pours a mug of cider and hands it to DixInfernus :3
Welcome welcome welcome, DixInfernus. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ix7vrluEm4E
Be careful so you don't spill any :)
welcome, DixInfernus
Yay, apple cider!
Alpha-Omega: aww
DAT ELO
:)
Ninjazz aww, I was about to post that . . .
oh well
Lunar_Brony, sorry, It's kinda my thing. :)
i just told the yellow bricj joke to my sister
I have a vinyl record of ELO, actually.
Ninjazz oh, k.
:$
Thanks @ninjazz
Polydunami wow . . . holy crap.
Polydunami: i love that band
DixInfernus, anytime. Welcome. ^_^
hi there DixInfernus
And hey there, Polydunami! :D
My god, my computer is acting up so bad it won't type in certain letters and it won't even let me backspace.
superretroworld so great, amiright?
/me 11,01hugs DixInfernus
STREAM!!!
Yeah, we still have records :D
Hi, Archer.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FakX93Yj2OE&feature=related something different
Yea, I'm pretty sure Ninjazz has that on some sort of hotkey that he just presses and it posts the link to the video :P
and good morning Polydunami
Also, hey there Ninjazz!
heheh, thanks Nittany_Discord.
Hey everypony!
11,02No YouTube links during stream :3
Lunar_Brony: ik, whats your favorite song from that?
OtakuTom, on every computer I have. :D
them*
AttacktheAndalite: I get that sometimes too. My computer is a PoS
Yep. Nadia.
SuperBrony64: there was no stream until that very second.
Gotta be ready for newbies to step in. >_> <_< Gotta make them feel welcome. ^_^(\
SuperBrony64: but I didn't know stream! plus no sound and offcenter
/me noms on cookie :3c
That one's a bit close to call, SB. The link was posted right at the moment the stream came up.
So, more Blu Water?
what the hell?
again, what the hell?
SuperBrony64: But i don't think he knew the stream was on, not even I noticed.
Well, Flash didn't crash for a long time until just now :|
Visual novel?
For me, that is.
11,02Disc 3: Aboard the Nautilus
SuperBrony64: what is the show about?
DixInfernus: Just anime, not a visual novel.
Ninjazz: yes and when you're not her i step in
*here
Ah, ok.
11,02This show is about these two kids and their adventure out in the ocean.
My ads are asking if I like Asian women... why is that even being asked?
superretroworld I haven't heard very many, but I'm gonna say either "Last Train to London" or another song can't remember the name of. Overture of something . . . lemme find the name
11,02It's inspired by 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea.
More "Made by Hideaki Anno"? YES!!!
Who here knows Touhou and enjoy it?
Polydunami: search history o3o
I know OF Touhou...
I know of Touhou, but I haven't played any of the games.
i've played touhou, ambivalent about it
Polydunami: Manzai?
Hmm...
superretroworld 10538 Overture. That's my other favourite
Manzai?
Boke wara desu?
Ah..
wait
erm, let's take it more
I actually have been meaning to watch Nadia.
Heard of the Grand Prix Touhou Fan Boke celebrations? :)
THIS is based loosely on 20K leagues?
REALLY!?
11,02Aye
I did not know that.
Lunar_Brony: kool, Mr. Blue Sky is a really good one
may I ask what the hell again?
Back from mah shower :P
This is anime is mostly good. Mostly.
Sadly it's 1:42 AM here
so I gotta go
I feel young here in terms of t.v shows
Night otakon
Watch this on your own time, otakon
bye all, take care I'll bb tomorrow
superretroworld . . . and "Ticket to the Moon". Kinda cuz of the concept, yah know, but the song is damn catchy too
11,02You think they would just create a random character called 'Captain Nemo' for now reason :3
00,10I thought it was based on macross, cause it has captan global
g'ngiht otakon
I remember having the chance to buy some original animation cels from this series a few years ago...I should have, but at the time, I didn't like the show.
guess I am the only boke lover here. :'(
11,02no*
Polydunami: I should but I don't know where it is.
...That commander looking guy... He looked like the commander from Macross.
Sumica: same here
DixInfernus: Global
Well if all else fails, internet.
Yes, Global. Ty. I has been forever since I last watched it.
I wonder if my friend still has them for sale (he owns an anime shop in Milwaukee)
I missed one episode I see...
Although I would prefer watching anime on actual DVDs...
Gargoyle!
Wait..
random craving for bufallo wings
How could I miss t
the Natalus?
Or VHS, seeing as I still have a player.
08,01Polydunami: i download bluray rips
YOu all sure it was episode 9 we left?
I'm intrigued by this
yes.
Dat accent
dat accent
yup
Frenchy
Kiss her!
The Islanders? No, they've been horrible lately :S
french kiss her
:D
08,01my god, why are coco-pops so amazing...
:D
naughty
Also, I mainly watch anime by stream :P
THAT IS GLOBAL
Global, *before* the SD-F1...
Ha! Called it!
Aye save us pretty please XD
the redhead sounds like Jessie of Team Rocket
Yoo hoo, save us
cocoa puffs? knock offs?
dammit don't wanna go
I wonder if anyone will make a dubstep remix of radio sounds like that
I hope not.
08,01AttacktheAndalite: they're rice krispies but with cocoa on them
okay enough stalling
It would make me laugh
I'm out for now, take care
OtakuTom: what you are suffering from I hope to achieve someday :D
OtakuTom, FUNimation has a lot on their YT channel
See you later, otakon
08,01wikipedia tells me that they're called cocoa krispies in the US
bye all!
g'night otakon
I'm sure they'll dubstep remix anything. It just has to catch their attention
Cya, otakon. Sleep well.
bye otakon
THERE WE GO
11,02Np otakon :)
Why am I not surprised, OtakuTom? :3
Saw Nadia 8 on 4x speed with forward skip
I'm up to date andd missed NOTHING
11,02Santa Claus :D
Vordox seems legit
Hey, I have to live up to my name as much as I can :P
lol
Lunar_Brony: I'm very perceptive and multitask able :P Was an easy feat to watch 25 minutes in 3 minutes
Hrm.. I should probably sleep as well. Feeling extremely tired for some reason.
08,01AttacktheAndalite: really easy to do
hmmm I don't like rice krispies
08,01you just intensely heat rice
Ohai SuperBrony64 *hugs and gives you a filly Twilight*
Hope to see you all again soon.
Vordox wow, I'm not even watching the stream. Not my prefered tast
08,01Polydunami: no, they're called Rice Krispies here too
smartass
Oh yeah?
seeya DixInfernus
08,01they tried to rename Coco Pops to Choco Krispies, but people complained
08,01so they changed it back
sagas who is?
Bromance
xD
Lunar_Brony: Nemoys Assistant
a mask?
why?
/me hgus AttacktheAndalite back while playing with the filly Twilight ^-^
PZiccollo voice:Nerds!
i ust watched Sekirei.. same as DVD.. Pure Engagement however, was censored.. seems it's hit or miss.. but yeha.. I can understand that..
I've never seen Cocoa Pops, but I know of Cocoa Krispies. They're just a chocolate version of Rice Krispies.
OH NO
No Samson...
Don't
sagas: That is Sailor V's Mask!!!
and if you need a place for your DVDs.. I'll be happy to take them offa your hands ^>^
Why does Hanson soun like Iago?
*sound
Sanson is awesome
I still need to finish Sekirei. I've got both seasons on dvd
O.o
same...
this looks really old, what year was it?
and I've watched
1990.
13http://fav.me/d589nu5
OtakuTom: Sekirei...
Nadia was...I think 1989.
oh, guess its not that old
OtakuTom: 20 mange episode in, got bored threw away. ._.
sagas: It's the sailor moon prequel Manga. Features the future Sailor Venus and in the end she kills her boyfriend who was a Demon the whole time.
08,01hehehe
08,01i just got the photo IDs of the brony documentary crew
The Doctor!?
08,01Mike Brockhoff is not a man i would like to meet in a dark ally...
ally?
OtakuTom: Good luck enjoying it, I gave up after the horrendous plot twists. ><
08,01in all seriousness, he's actually a lovely guy
*are
lol Shizuka
I haven't watched anime for a while. I mainly read manga scanlations.
I just finished Haganai a few days ago, and I'm also trying to catch up on Asobi ni Ikuyo, Freezing, Puella Magi Madoka Magica, and watching the simulcasts of Total Eclipse, Sword Art Online, So I Can't Play H, and Campione.
XD
Well, at least not on my own time.
Oh yeah ponibas. What's your Steam name? I'm on a computer with Steam so now I can add you :P
DRAMA GO
08,01Vordox: the producers
08,01*producer
DOKTA
08,01or director?
She's just sleeping right now right?
:P
SCIENCE!!!!!!!!!!!!
08,01i actuall have no idea
OtakuTom: Madoka = Good, Freezing = AMAZING imo, but overrated.
And if I'm going to start up the web site I'm planning, I'm going to have to watch even more simulcasts, possibly even everything being simulcast on Crunchyroll and Funimation.
This is aperture sience's old old old ship.
did somepony say . ..
08,01yeah, he's the director
08,01wait, no
SCIENCE(!!!!1!!)?
Oh dear! O_o
08,01Laurent is the director
08,01he's a producer
OtakuTom: I recommend a few mangas for you, including Magic Hx0, Negima, Kimi no Knife, Otaku no Mutsume-san, Sankarea.
11,02THE SECRET BLUE WATER!!!
And of course Fairy Tail if you're for Shounen
COMMER- wait
The SuperBrony64!
NEGIMA
I was reminded of My Little Portal episode one x(
Wow...I'm way behind on Negima...I started reading that when it first came out in the US.
/me glomps Ponies47
Polydunami: had a good run, didn't it?
aww, buck it. I don't feel like spitting out science facts to make myself look smart tonight
Umm, Fairy Tail is good, but drags on a little much sometimes :P
11,02"Mom"?~
SuperBrony64: :'(
OtakuTom: I've been picky with my mangas lately. And so far it love it :P
Polydunami: The Anine or the manga?
/me Points a gun at SuperBrony64 "Do that agian I DARE YOU"
I'm a bit sad that it finished in Japan (IIRC, at least...I try to follow Akamatsu, and I'm pretty sure it ended, though he said he may bring it back later)
I'm only reading the manga
.
11,02O.O;;
11,02I don't wanna be shot O~O
Polydunami: The manga is fast compared to the anime. :P
OtakuTom: Akamatsu I have not yet read. ><
wear a bulletproof vest
Yo Raz. Sorry I couldn't join monday, but I can make it tonight,
SuperBrony64: catch the bullet with your teeth
You could say that about One Piece, too.
or a cuirass
"again" XD
Right now, I'm reading Skip Beat.
Akamatsu is great. I don't think I ever finished AI Love You, though I had quite a few volumes of it. I absolutely loved Love Hina and Negima.
OtakuTom: I seriously recommend Berserker and Otaku no mutsume-san. Best mangas imo.
and Raz?
Polydunami: One Piece "Picks up" again these days.
He's Jealous
Lunar_Brony?
Hm?
LAWL
SAMSOn<3 So far my favourite char.
"Picks Up"?
/me Pulls the tiger, SuperBrony64 is then covered in a bunch of party stuff "IT'S A PARTY GUN! I made it myself. So now we don't have to pull around that party cannon!" :P
Yea, I'm gonna have to watch One Piece, probably, since Funimation is simulcasting it.
XD
OtakuTom: I meant the Otaku no Mutsume san manga. ;)
Ponies47 SHUT UP AND TAKE MY BITS!!
Hey guys :) Just wondering does anyone remember what EPISODE pinkie thinks that all her friends dont want to be friends with her and they're actually throwing her a surprise b-day party at the end????????????????????????????
Yea, I'll have to look that one up.
Party of One.
/me Sells the party gun to Lunar_Brony
Which ep. is that?
11,02O.O
11,02Party gun ^-^
Hec-3rm yeah. Season 1 Episode 25 "Party of One"
11,02This is episode 9
Episode 25 of season 1.
Hec-3rm: Yes
Oh thanks guys :D
me squeals like a fangirl
Let me just say this OtakuTom
. . .
/me squeals like a fangirl
11,02MARIE ;A;
Otaku no Musume San had me crying and going all "HOLY SHIT" so many times I could ust not stop loving it.
Meow
And if you are an Otaku...
YOu'll notice why
hi Spriggals
I personally prefer Kaminomi zo shiru sekai these days
grrr I dislike skim milk
SuperBrony64: *Blushes* Do you like it? :3
/me 11,01pulls the Ponies47, Ponies47 is then Ponies47. It's a Ponies47 canon!
The uvuvuvuvula?
11,02i liek it :3c
Blah.
Nittany_Discord Ponies47 -ception
Wow she is rude.
Yeah, I prefer two percent.
O.o
/me gets wingboner
:O
/me jawdrops
/me drools
grandes?
...
Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeellllllllllllloooooooooooooooo
Somethig is wrong....
Wasn't she shooting a gun last episode?
Well...I've got to find it now. It looks like it was licensed, but I'm having trouble finding who licensed it and if/when it's coming out.
OH WAIT
I KNOW what's happening. :D
Agreed Hanz...
LAWL VET
oh this is back on! :D
Nittany_Discord: ARM THE PONIES47 CANNON! We are gonna change everypony in this chat into my brothers (Evil laugh)
Needles?
OtakuTom: I gave you a link
In PM
/me 11,01arms Ponies47 cannon.
Yea, I saw it. They said it was licensed.
Ponies47.... but.... im a girl
/me sits back and watches the madness
I will never be a 47. 11 for live!!!
*Life!!!
Ship of war = hunting pirates = Whut
i dont like numbers in my name
PLOT IS SO THICK I CANNOT BREATHE
Nittany_Discord: Nah. It's fine. Nopony needs to be turned into my brothers :P
Her father?
What, is Nadia his daughter?
Ponies47: they still havent become bronies?
Consumate...
what episode number is this?
Boy do you even know what that word means
Soul: 9
Nine
oh, ok
11,02Hugs ^-%
11,02^-^*
more plot twists?
OtakuTom: Good luck... I*m certain you will barely find Otaku no Musume San(ONMS)
did someone else see the circuitry in the bigger stone?
4kids is going bankrupt! :D
Ima going to guess he is her dad.
http://fav.me/d58mc3b
EVIL!
13davy jones before the tentacles
yes
I was expecting some discordance there :|
VAMPIRE
:O
13what's shinji doing on this show
11,02Dat Shizuka
13baka shinji should stick to his own stupid show
I ...LOVE:...Organ music.... <3
superretroworld: My brother is meh and doesn't care for it. My step brother is a total parasprite. He hasen't done anything about hating on ponies recently but I hope that stays that way until his fat (squee) is back in Washington away from me :P
Nadia came first.
Shizuka: Yes he's like Davy Jones before he turned into a squid monster-human or wth it's called.
13http://fav.me/d58jpnq
Polydunami, Shizuka: Shinji is a whiter, short haired Nadia
Future plot Shizuka
Ponies47: oh
he's a vampire! he is using his powers on you!
what
I know.
11,01I'm off to bed. Night everypony.
Night Nittany_Discord
13silly fillies i know that..
Nittany_Discord: night :P
g'night Nittany_Discord
night
Night Nittany_Discord
11,02Dat Awesome Luna
Night, Nittany_Discord
/me 08,01noms on Shizuka
Night Nittany_Discord
Where the hell is Ganondorf in this show? :|
night Nittany_Discord
I just joined, what the fuck?
Why no comment on your sprite sketch, Shizuka ? D:
hi starsong. Welcome to bronystate
13sketch?
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka
Polydunami: Ganonjack ALL the shows
/me hugs Nittany_Discord
No i mean i just jumped into chat and i saw this...
I've been here for a while =p
Also OtakuTom Rating:Average 4.85 / 5 out of 228 total votes. on ONMS: ;)
Yes Shizuka
/me 11,01hugs SuperBrony64
http://img854.imageshack.us/img854/36/compg.png
dramatics
wow...a typo in the credits XD
11,02Vordox: Dem Desktop ponies O.O
darn. I turn around to get more cereal and it ends
superretroworld: My step brother is a total (squee)hole anyways. He'll forget about it at some point or he'll give the show a second chance or somthing
i hate my laptop more than ever right now
13<333
pony95901: Errr it's common for typos
It ends. It begins.
Guess who they are Shizuka :P
starsong: cool name
It ends. It begins.
13why so blank flank :/
dat huge organ
Vordox: first time ive seem em in credits is all im sayin :P
I use it for RP in another channel =p
Shizuka: Sketch... Just body size hair and tail focus :P
Soul I know the feels
...
Didn't know anypony paid attention to the credits :P
Yea, I'm still looking around at it. Other sites I found for it show no english license, so if that's the case, I can make an exception for the scanlation.
Ponies47: who knows
Well Shizuka got all right excet for one. :P
11,01I missed my desktop pony?
13first is not val?
00,10that phase4 not val
13oh
Wait, 2.
You said Saxy?
superretroworld: eeyup
Thanks bronystate, you have made me feel happy for 2 years!
11,01Nvm.
13oh kirz is red
13not brown
11,02Vordox: Awesome work :D
Phase = Blue pony, Saxy = Brown/black
2 years? damn, had no idea
shizuka I thought the top-right was Phase4
I'd like to watch, but I'm out of continuity, now
It's already been seven months since I first logged on.
I now must read this novel
oh
13CapTaIn_MasterBoss43: but we have only been here for a year and a couple months
this agian
They don't Sumica.
CapTaIn_MasterBoss43: I just approach my 1 Year Anniversary being a Brony and in Sebtember for being in Bronystate
It's "Sketch", basically, Alpha sprites.
Shizuka That's what i mean dude.
11,02Np CapTaIn_MasterBoss43 :)
13dude?
XD
Shizuka: and Mlpfim has only existed for about 2 years now
Shizuka: = Best dude on BrS
Vordox, I'm gonna have to harass you later about a desktop pony for me, but I'll wait until you're satisfied with the mods and Phase, since theirs are probably more important than mine, anyway :P
Shizu is....damnit Vordox. xD
00,10Also Saxy too
lies
Shizuka: Girl then but i say dude to women and men.
OtakuTom: I got 8 more mods to do..
Talk to me again in about 1 year :P
:D
00,10ok Vordox, did not know you even started them yet
I'm patient. I can wait :P
Vordox: mods?
I'm working on the finishing touches for my OC. Not quite satisfied with the coat, my mane could use a touch-up, and I need a cutie mark
I havenät. :) Pre sketch is like the very first sprite attemts.
Yes Mishia , I'm the one doing all Mods OC sprites atm
Dat Ctrl+Shift :P
Vordoz keep up the good work! it's great!
2 frames per second :P
00,10all dem nude ponys sprites.
Ponies47: but alteast you have the guts to mention it to your brother, i cant even talk about it to any friend or family member
SEX
Vordox: OMG :D so you will half to create the models, animate them, give them a special animation, and all details to complete thouse tasks?
11,02lol
13Spectrum_Rush|: silly filly we know about that pic..
13it was in award show and intermission
00,02well
00,02i just broke all the things
:O
Shizuka: i know
WOOOOAHHHH
00,10I have seen the pic many times Spectrum_Rush|
13yay phase
Mishia: Pretty much
00,02glibc update failed
00,02so no linker
00,02:(
Vordox: I wish you luck o-o
Shizuka what award show?
13.-.
Mishia: Thanks. I'll need that. XD
Yeah, Nadia can be rather nutty.
Does anyone here live in europe?
superretroworld: My brother, mom and dad know and almost all my friends know. :P
00,02i have a fully featured busybox shell and what was running when i tried to update
depression faces: 3
00,02cant start anything else
Let me ust say this = Shizuka's HAIR I HATE SPRITING it... It's impossible. D:
Ponies47 my entire school might as well know I'm a brony
13you can make it longer if you want .-.
someone had a crush :'(
Shizuka: i actually linked the wrong link of that pic though, i wanted to link the one that has a name next to each one for those who never seen it before
hey!
Shizuka: It's not the longer, it's ... I can't say a mess, but it pointing everywhere. :P
the only pony i recongnize in that pic is scoot-scootaloo
I don't whine, I complain!
13per the original canon sketch wrek still won't color http://i.imgur.com/wlxME.png
Granted, I could probably make my own if I could get Wrek's OC. My OC happens to be the same colors as his, and I could probably make the alterations needed to the hair and cutie mark, then adjust the extra sprites for the animations to suit my character.
Ooooh!
Shizuka: Can I use that instead?
13ok
Soul I recognized Scoot-Scootaloo, Phase4, and Luna (of course)
I'm not a noob here but I have not been here long
Shizuka: OH WOW
Shizuka: This is ALOT easier and cuter. <3
Vordox: man if you use that o-o
Lunar_Brony: Everybody in middle school. I'm gonna be a wittle freshman this year. So nobody must know my secret! Plus I'm scared to. :(
Lunar_Brony: THIS IS WHINING :3
Everybody in middle school knew*
Mishia I know what whining is
Lunar_Brony: :( i just felt like using a qoute at that moment.
Ponies47 I never had Middle School. Went straight from Elementary to Secondary (High School)
Well, I've been here for seven months now. That probably means I'm not a Bronystate noob anymore, but I don't know for sure 6_9
13i have been trying to get wrek to vector und color that sketch for months... so if ponies could help poke
I pretty muched showed everyone at my church by showing them my drawing of ponies
Lunar_Brony: Ah I see.
much
venonats drive me crazy
Ponies47: im going to be a freshmen as well. *hides behind Ponies47*
Mishia I used it on my mother once, whining and all . . . the reaction was priceless
Are you asking your brony army to poke Wrek?
:P
Vordox eeyup
/me pokes Wrek
hmm... whos the mod named Diftaku?, i've never seen him on before
Mishia: I'm scared to :(
I've been here...well...if you count my very first visit, I've been here for 10 months, but I've been here consistently for about...oh...8 months, I think?
Ponies47: chances are there may be bronies at your high school, so it may be easier to make friends
ive been here one month :P
there's a pegasister at my high school, she makes plushies
Just remeber everypony. NEVER poke Shizuka or she will get the pool noddle :s
Eulshy: thats awesome
Lunar_Brony: XD that must have been priceless indeed. But of course, for my mom i would get slapped. I swear, i would be ok with that if it wasnt that she rage-whined all the time when she is having problems :3
superretroworld I became a brony in my second year of high school.
and i buy them for 15 dollars each
pool noodle?
I became a brony last year december
I started signing on to Bronystate at a low point in my life, actually.
Lunar_Brony: third year for me
Geez, I wish FiM would have been around when I was in school
Senior year
HAI EVERYONE
I MISSED YOU
superretroworld: Classmate of mine from middle school (female) qho watch MLP is going to the same high school as me. But I bet there's other bronies I'll find. (I HOPE) :S
Hello Pinkies4thWall
hi Pinkies4thWall
Hi pinkies4thwall
i wish one of these days one of the mods would stream G3.5
Pinkies4thWall! HI! We're have you been? I've missed you to! :)
11,02Saw it coming >>
Ponies47: I don't doubt it. :)
Hi Pinkies4thWall
Soul nonononononoNONONONONO!!!!!
Ponies47: vacay
hey Pinkies4thWall
DO NOT WANT!!!!
LAWl
/me hugs SuperBrony64
I've not seen Caramel in a long time.
COMMERCI- wait
that would be an amazing reaction in the chat
Pinkies4thWall: Did you have fun :3
Ponies47: yes
oni_link: :3
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall back :3
Pinkies4thWall: :3
Ponies47: I wore a Rainbow Dash headset and had my McD's Pinkie toy attached to my school bag for a month. Found a grand total of 1 brony.
Alright, Good night everypony. I am starting to get really tired.
We've actually had G3.5 streamed before, Soul.
And G3.
Mishia: Yeah, TV sucks nowadays :|
And the stage version of FiM.
I liek poniez
awwww
XAX: Well atleast you found 1
Night sabershy
Ribbit
Lunar_Brony: Ponies47 you know what i dont understand is nobody in my school has ever talked about the show, i dont get it, is it not famous yet for regular ppl?
XAX I found a brony at a corner story while I was wearking RD headphones
Lunar_Brony: :o
/me pats Ponies47 on the head while he takes his Sherlock bubble pipe out
Ponies47: im going to wear my "pinkiepie is watching you" shirt and make a 'yay' whenever somthing good happens for the frist day
Ponies47: bronies will be a good frist-friends group in highschool :3
Ponies47: youll be fine, birds of a feather flock together!
superretroworld: You would think you would atleast find one with a OVER 4 MILLION PEOPLE FAN BASE :p
oni_link: :3
oni_link: exactly! hoplefully these wont be like the bronies in middle school. the bronies in my middle school din't consider me a brony because im a girl >:( dont ask why
So what is this?
half of that 4 million people fanbase are bronies in secret
like me :P
Barbetos that
Ponies47: :$
wut?
I hope i dont insult the brony community to much :(
Mishia: Thats weird. I would think they'd let you in easier if anything?
Mishia: I had no friends in middle school. I want that to change for high school. I do want to have bronies as friends so we can hang out and such. There is NO WAY I'm wearing any of my pony swag until I'm settled down and I have friends and such :(
Ponies47: ikr
I am insult and that makes me feel brony Mishia
Mishia: D: Say you're a pegasis if you''re uncertain
WHOT SAMSON
DO NOT SACRIFICE YOURSELF
D:
superretroworld: Yeah :<
He just punched a woman
Real man
No HANZ, SAMSON! :'(
Ponies47: i only got friends because we were a "rejects' group.
Dat smirk...
Mishia: Ouch :(
Ponies47: im more worried that people will find me to annoying or not fun
I wish my beard was thicker
Mishia: Thats sounding alot like me back then. Highscool changed me for the better :)
Mishia I know that feel
Mishia: they were just being jerks
noname: the rejects groups was the nice group :)
Mishia: You got a point there :)
Ponies47: Just be you, be open minded and they'll come around :3
LAWL JEAN YOU ARSEHOLE
:D
According to my spellcheck, "goddamn" should be "godparenthood". What in tarnation?
Polydunami: Apple doesnt like swears.
Smart point Kid
Lol Polydunami
/me is liking how his chiptune project is coming along :3
Also, the C word should be "cult".
Wrong place there, Jean
Mishia: I really had no friends I hated going to a private school. I would rather just sat outside the lunchroom and ate my lunch out there insted but no I had to sit at a table. But I really want that to change for highschool. People thought I was annoying in middle school :(
INB4 AGONIZING DEATH
oni_link: Ok :3
people are too... judgemental
Ponies47: your not annoying! I make more sense as annoying due to my chatterbox nature, baby-ish voice i use when im shy, and the whole ADHD hyperactics
Ponies47: i had the same problem
Ppueeerufeeeeuct
Erm, Jean, try and stop the holes.....
Mishia: Everypony wubs me in here. I just wish that would be the same way in real life. I would tend to do some annoying stuff liek talk weird and such.
You know what bothers me with people? When they have a problem with you and they wont tell you. If you want to insult me, tell me eaxctly whats wrong and i will do what i can
just because you talk a lot doesnt make you annoying
Mishia: Indeed.
Ponies47: If theyre douches, theyre not worth the time :D I found my friends because I was a cheery chap to be around :P All I gotta say is self esteem matters alot so keep that in mind too.
oni_link: I hated the popular kids. They always think there so cool -_-
I tend to be quiet in real life. As in, not talk at all.
oni_link: very good point
Mishia: Thats society unfortunately.
Same here
ALL DED, DED I TELL YOU
SHUT UP WOMEN
the "popular kids" are never really popular, they just are so well known because theyre jerks with a few friends
lost my nickname
due to the internet pooping
anyhow
They used to call me Nips in JROTC :3
Ponies47: Just like I did. They thought they were better than everyone and I gave em the cold shoulder and showed them. and now a couple years later, they have matured and seen that im a pretty fun dude to be around. Im very fluttershy around new people but if i can trust em, Im a total Pinkie Pie :D
XD
oni_link: same here XD
MANLY laughs
damnet i hate venonats
Mishiaia: whoo!! *throws party poppers all around*
oni_link: I'm a total Pinkie Pie as well! :D But I know with starting high school and all. I'm gonna be a HUGE Fluttershy :(
Eulshy: but, they like you :(
im usually very serious around people, but when im with my best friends, i usually am optimistic and cheery
I'm a ghost
I'm a banana!
oni_link: If they liked me they would all stop having Compund eyes and have tinted lens instead
Ponies47: Its natural. Im still a bit like that. But when Im feeling like that, I make it my objective to break the ice :P
Mishiaia, you can switch back now.
Ponies47: it got way harder when i got this ingrown toenail and infection. Goooooood it hurt *not much right now* and i couldn't wear socks and my feet always stank :| so people would say i smell bad and im like "Guys, if i could do somthing, so you would be more compterful, i would! That purfeume isnt helping anyhow. Saddly, its not me. OK?!?", but i was to shy to explain the problem.
f
....
Oh my
Eulshy: They cant wear shades :D
this, is my proper internet name
mishia?
hi cuddly_kittehs
Already episode 11...?
Vordox:
eeyukp
*eeyup
-_(\
Ponies47 I talked to a maximum of about 1 person per day in high school, i'm the most popular kid in my grade, and i didn't even do anyfing
Lunar_Brony: its' my proper internet name i use for everthing, but i perfer mishia for here
Dat fail Lun
im sticking to this
/me smashes his face into his keyboard
oni_link: Good ^^
I'm Polydunami wherever I go on the internet.
mishia: That sucks. :<
/me repeatedly
/me hugs a random pony
I played videogames during class
Eulshy: Intresting
black man
im soul or soultheumbreon because i couldnt think of anything else
Ponies47: seriously, being quiet and collected has really worked for me
I think about ponies in class becasue ponies are cool *Puts on sunglasses* B)
Alpha-Omega: ipod games?
/me smiles at Ponies47
ipad
Ponies47: though the end of the year was the best time! I got to wear a fluttershy gala dress, get complmented for the first time in middle :$ and
Super Science. Better than regular Science
Eulshy: Intresting
oh
Ponies47: I hide my headphones and listen to pony music during class everyday
Dat Rarity Personaly
sometimes ipod
not that horrid sc word
/me is wiggling around in his bed because he cant sit still
o.o
/me Smiles at oni_link back
and psp
XD
Talk about red head
/me yawns loudly
dat red
mishia: Fluttershy Gala dress!?!?! I'm a dude but still that sounds AWESOME!
morning everypony
/me looks at Ponies47 and wonders where those shades came from
:P
Grandis kind of has a thing for Captain Nemo :P
Eulshy: :D
helo HatchetRyda
Eulshy: im too afraid to even put pony music on my ipod
mishia: where did you get it :o?
Ponies47: and...i got to tell my one mortal enmey to go buck herself, since she had been so curel and rude. (one of thouse girls who when you would hold the door open for her she would turn and yell "YOU DONT NEED TO HOLD THE DOOR" in a mean ass voice, or when you look at her she turns and goes "stop glaring at me"... uuughhh i bitch slapped her... no regrets
Some people, fucking hell :|
mishia nice
Soul: it was a cos-play dress that is a normal green dress that looks amazingly like her gala dress! and i wore it to the prom :3
mishia: lmao, had plenty of those. lets just say they got a taste of their own medicine hehehehe :)
but, ouch. dat bitch
/me was too broke to go to prom, no joke
lol
but seriously, i was also ashamed since i cant handle harming someone, as much as i wish i could...
Jean can charm any woman
it's the french accent
mishia: That is epic. At my graduation cermony for middle school at the dance I was gonna say to some people that I hated we're "YEAH BUCK YOU ALL OF YOU CAN KISS MY (SQUEE)" But I didn't
bible
Where?
you know, after anger mangment at a young age you get your anger replaced by shame alot of the time!
dat sack
Great; Marie is Sammy Davis Jr. :P
mishia: if they tormented you for NO reason, they kinda deserved it
oni_link: Becasue sunglasses are cool. B)
well im going to bed, night everypony
nite SuperBrony64
Night superretroworld
whoops wrong one lol
Soul: only ONE person did. not tormented. My tormenters from 7th grade already got told off as bitches
nite superretroworld
There was a dance at the end of Grade 7 (which was the last year of elementary for me), but I didn't go to it because I don't care about dances and stuff. I always feel like either a sore thumb or a doormat at dances
/me gives Ponies47 a hi hoof because of awsome sunglasses and because he uses the same shades smiley as him
Particle Annihilator..
g'night SuperBrony64
wut
NUCLEAR?!
garfeild
why is it in fights, if you are involved, you get suspended no matter what?
Lunar_Brony: sorry, false alarm XD
Lunar_Brony: typed the wrong name
Lunar_Brony: the dances bored me, i came to watch and be with my friends. I felt really ackward in a dress held up by (Squee) :$
ur a dumb fuck of a child
HatchetRyda wha-who? What message?
I've been to 3 high schools so I lose track of all that stuff
Soul: because of stupid logic. They see that if you were involved and didnt try to stop it, its the same as fighting.
Lunar_Brony: also being the only girl in a fancy dress instead of a causal dress
Fuck, too hard :P
LAWL
lol
PWNED By darwinism! XD
FML
11,02Night Lunar_Brony :)
....
11,02Dat jail bait
lol!
Bucking computer derps -_-
Jaaaaaaaail bait outfit
Lunar_Brony: when i said nite to SuperBrony64 it was meant for someone else lol
SuperBrony64 wait, I thought you were going to bed . . .
HatchetRyda oh
k
i honestly have never been to a dance, but if i DID go, i would wear something casual as possible :P
Electricity....is it....cold....wat
You know what I love about this fandom? We can all talk to eachother without worry like if we've all been lifetime friends :3
11,02Night HatchetRyda :3
Lunar_Brony: yea, sorry XD
s'alright
DISH WASHER
OMG
epic electric time?
SuperBrony64: sorry, false alarm...tabbed to early lol
Agreed :)
AH
Stream happene something
D:
O_O
Nuts
dat darkness
whoa
Cut yourself? Your the WORST CHILD EVER!!
god these faces
lol
Note: forewarning she has a conection to fish
mishia: I hated going to school dances. There's 1 in particular that was fun, though. I had all the guys envious of me at the end of it...I went to my junior year Homecoming dance with 3 girls. By the end of the night, they were so tired that they all sat up against me while I was leaning against a wall. EVERY guy that walked by us gave me an evil glare XD
my stream lags by SOO MUUCH
......
eww
LAWL
:O
Dat blood stew
I'm LOVING this anime, it has CHARACTERS
eww
Why is he shaking...?
OtakuTom: :3 i wish i could have seen it :D
ah I cant wait til I get my tower! I think Im done with console gaming
Be prepared for episodes 23-34, Vordox :|
DO NOT MESS WITH KITCHEN WOMEN
Vordox, Potassium defficency
dat meat..
poor nemo
Lawl even NEMO is suprised. XD
OtakuTom dayum. I'm single and happy with it.
Oh oh... XD
o-o
/me is a cool guy. He helps the pony folk and doesn't afraid of anything.
Awww Grandias. <3
holy
/me rages at her laggy computer
i love how i started a nice conversation about school that certainly lifted my spirits
:')
Soul: It needs more muffins!
COMMERCI- wait
Gee, you speak as if you're her father or something :/
Aww King...
I'm just good with women (though most of them friendzone me within a day of meeting me...which is perfectly fine now that I'm engaged...lol)
I'm hungry now
/me is happy that mishia is happy
that fish has seen things
Potatoes are delicious
/me is happy because happiness is cantagious
OtakuTom: Im not engaged yet but that ALWAYS happens to me. ALWAYS.
Potawt toes
potahtoes?
oni_link: oh my gosh your right! -suffs computer with muffin-
rather have potatos then fish any day
*stuffs
._____________.
Soul: Turbo Charged!!! o,o
woah..
SAMSON DED
Lion is best thief
Spectrum_Rush| same
XD
RUN KING
Or....claw.
XD
in yo face!
LAWL
HAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH
11,02MEEOOOWTH THAT'S RIGHT
lol
SuperBrony64: :D
"I'll kill that cat" <--- DAT REFERENCE
-computer explodes-
And then bed.
my stream must be atleast 2 minutes behind
Soul: nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
I agree
. . . 3
i swear
xD
Like a Miss
lol maze
I think the little girl is taking after that woman -.(
laggin' like a baws.
karma you little lion
dat sack
energy source?
:D
Granvue?
CAT FIGHT
OH GOD
OH SHNAP
THAT BITCH IS GOING DOOOOWWNNN
^
KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING KING
Up and down and all around 6_9
Mine?
okay, my stream is lagging by atleast 4 minutes, maybe 5
:O
I WAS FORCED TO GO TO THAT GRAD CERMONY! :[
Aww yeah. I'm going to the Wisconsin Dells on Thursday and I'll be back Friday. I'll miss you guys while I'm gone :'(
and they all die of cancer
NUCLEAR POWAAAAAAAAAAH
Lunar_Brony: Refresh? That typically brings me back up to speed, though you miss out on all the stuff between where you are and where the stream actually is.
yep
I feel out of place.
Harticle enialation as hisssss accennnt ssaiid
Going to bed guys, night
hhheeyyyy
Nuclear before Einstein
nite AttackAndalite|Zzz
thx OtakuTom
20th centery?
AttackAndalite|Zzz: love ya <3
whaz that?
It's sad...
. . . wait, nope. Now it's frozen
Good night AttackAndalite|Zzz, dream of insects you've met!
Night AttackAndalite|Zzz
How could we fuck up something so good...
DAMN YOU MILITARY
Fission Reactors
Carefully containted killing machine? Nuclear power.
Ponies47: I lol'd when some of the people I went to middle school got all teary eyed because that was the last time they were going to see me. I stared at them and said, "Oh, NOW you care?"
YOU ARSEHOLE WITH YOUR NUCLEAR NUKES
FUCK YOU HUMANITY :[
now it's working
i'm off for the night too guys...for real this time lol
XD
Neoz
my page is almost nonresponsive, i might go AFK for a few MinUteS
bye HatchetRyda
Nuclear Power = Best energy source ever created, but the most unsafest too if unrespected.
dat King face
dat loin face
Dat lion face! XD
oni_link: :D
thouse men don't desreve ot
Lion*
they are lomd men
i mean
:D
Ponies47: And from then on, I handled myself *puts on shades* like a boss! B]
thouse are good men
He's angry when he's beautiful :P
Titanic
CapTaIn_MasterBoss43: didn't notice that there :s
Wait, I got that backward 6_9
oni_link: Wearing sunglasses LIKE A BOSS
Officer Jean...
mishia: aww yeeaaa XD
noname: Well, that face was awesome Ov0
hey everypony
hi therainbowvortex
11,02Hai therainbowvortex :)
When are they gonna go to Antarctica?
oni_link: captain nemo approves
CapTaIn_MasterBoss43: true dat
/me wants to dance but its kinda late at his house
hey therainbowvortex
Ellos therainbowvortex!
ok, ive gotta ask this: anyone here a fan of justing beiber?
mishia: I salute him and you!
*justin
I liek this series
no
what anima is this
it builds up in its own time
no
Soul no
it might be able to end
therainbowvortex, Nadia: The Secret of Blue Water
i dont, just wondering :P
Incoming Bible
Sigh... Religion...
Soul: no
Eulshy: Shush
cool
oni_link: Sunglasses brohoof B] /)
therainbowvortex: I think it is named Nadia or something, well there is a chara there that's named Nadia.
This anime has a high chance of having a real ending
Vordox: Dun tell me ta shush
Eulshy: It is the truth after all. :P
I don't HATE Justin Bieber... just not a big fan of him.
its more like a long movie then a series, that i like
Also, how the hell is this religion?
i dislike his fangirls more than him
Polydunami: Bible reference in the 1970s
I honestly can't stand his songs, but I won't go bitching about it here
I don't get it.
Vordox, it may be, but i don't need the religious spin on it
Eulshy: True, but it can have quite an impact.
i cant love and tolerate justin biber
We learend 5 things about the characters just from those few line
Ponies47: s-s-s-s sunglases POWER!!!! B] (\ *explodes*
So it's important :P
SCIENCE
on his own, he's just a bad singer
11,02Thanks for tuning in all :)
http://images.4chan.org/b/src/1343198013759.png
SuperBrony64: Already!? D:
I'm tempted, but I'm not changing my name
Nah, thank YOU SuperBrony64 :3
Wait SuperBrony64 Before you go!
No thanks, XAX :S
11,02O.O
SuperBrony64: PLayed the Faithful Farmer game yet?
oni_link: its time, http://mylittlefacewhen.com/#f/6183/
XAX:O_O
Thank you SuperBrony64 for the always wonderful stream.
Lunar_Brony: NO! Don't be tempted! D:
SuperBrony64 your the bessssssttttttt
Ponydunami: Would I post it here if it was a bad picture?
Who?
mishia: mfw > 030
Soul dude, I was just going to change my nick to Science_Brony and spit out random science facts to make myself look smart
what were you thinking?
Tank you SuperBrony64
thank
Thanks for the stream SuperBrony64 :).
I detect a bit of a derp, there, XAX. Look at my username.
Thanks for the stream, SB :)
i know, i just for some reson try to stop you, idk why :P
Lunar_Brony: i like that idea, since i love science :) and of course i will feel stupid not knowning some things you might
11,02Actually...
11,02Let me try this out :P
hey
yay X3 SuperBrony64 is back
anyone know a pony game i should playa?
Polydunami: don't understand.
SuperBrony64: READTHE DESCRIPTION
IMPORTANT
all those thankyou's for nothing guys :P
its actually pretty funny
You typed Ponydunami instead of Polydunami xD
Wait, what?
awesome
its a beat game
sweetttt
I'll be right back O_O
yay!
what is this
/me thinks of Jack Black when he hears Jack being said
rythm game
yyyyeeeahhhhh
/me takes a drink
Good luck SuperBrony64
one drink everytime Applejack refers to somepone as "Sugarcube"
. . . what is this called?
all I got is Budweiser. Well, its better than nothing. Im game Lunar_Brony :D
Soul Faithful Farmer
The flash game itself seems to be off..
It's a alpha game of Figure Fighting RHF
But it has some issues atm
oni_link it's from a pony drinking game. I lost the pic when my old computer fried
SO MANY CHANGELINGS
Biglaw IKR?
11,02Wow, the timing is off in this game.
i cant wait for fighting is magic! :D
SuperBrony64: Some computers have it, some donät :P
ouch
Lunar_Brony: aw that woud have been fun to see.
SuperBrony64: Suuuuure, blame the game :P
Good morning everypony.
:o:
Read the description, as I said, SuperBrony64
yikes
I timed it in mu head
Soul IKR? /)^3^(\
Good morning Malavolent
Mornin Malavolent
SuperBrony64: It looks very delayed
It's not delayed
It's prestrike
You need to doit earlier then the beat
oni_link I did the game with another guy over Steam chat who recorded it and posted it to Youtube. Watching it again . . . not sure if I should've been laughing or crying at my memories
Lunar_Brony: /)
So alot of people are having issues with it
Soul /)
You need to click JUStbefore the beat to make the sound of the hoof hit to be the beat
Causing it to be slightly offsynched
Yeah, that's not very good design.
11,02Vordox: Yeah, that's not how Rhythm Heaven is played :P
I know SuperBrony64
11,02You play it ON the beat
Lunar_Brony: Well did you have fun? lol
:P
OOWWWWCHHH
oni_link hell yeah
;~;
SHUT UP RAINBOW
D:
11,02Otherwise, it's not really a rhythm gave if you don't get the right clues :)
Lunar_Brony: Thats all that matters then :D
Try watching some REAL videos of the Rhythm is Magic. :P
I understand
11,02Anyway, it's cool, but still needs to be tweaked ^-^
Yep.
You know...
As I said, I have a working version of Rhythm Flash game
That looked like fun, whats the name?
Just trying to reapply it. ><
oni_link unsweetened Fresca is so bad . . . blech. I took drinks of that
YAY torn...ados?
well it's 2 am and i got to be up in 5 hours so ngiht
I think there is a reason why you don't see many rythem games on flash.
im now very tempted to play this
Night Eulshy
OH HELLO
Boobs?
im reading Dash academy. Damn that art
g'night Eul
WAT?
What the heck?
. . .
:O
Lunar_Brony: Yikes :P
zee fudge?
bronystate after dark?
?.?.?
.....
...
I'm sleepy :P
In short, drugs happened
WTF am I looking at?!?
This is...
am i high?
Im oni_link and what is this?
evry rap vid in a nut shell
XD
Lieke no effort bullcrap that people do when bored and think it's a good idea?
WAT
Bes. The name of my cow.
Apparently he's da beessssss.
Barbetos: lol
Spectrum_Rush| oh, now it makes sense
:I
this gives too much credit to rap! :P
WHAT
THE
BUCK IS THIS?!
he sounds like Hanibal Buress :D
SAT? That ain't gansta
THIS > POWER
lmao
Vordox by using Buck as a swear word, you're changing the meaning of Applebucking season
Lightsaber???
yeeesss
Biglaw: o.o
Biglaw: OH GOD
Biglaw: You have a point there :P
How many views on this, SuperBrony64 ?
I AM ON FIRE!
This is what happens when people believe in swag
Biglaw: LMSO
NO
*LMAO
YOU NEVER HIT KATANAS LIKE THAT
xD
This video has over a million views :P
Learn bucking Iai Style Katana martial arts ffs. ._.
It damn well better Poly|Manhwa
Oh yeah, I'm reading something.
This is the best thing ever.
Okay...this is pretty funny XD
*bess thing ever.
11,02Vordox: 1,203.306 - 13,135 Likes - 630 Dislikes
...
I think its funny that their asian and using Katanas
Yep
HOW
Buck humanity
SWAG
:D
Vordox!!!! Stop saying Buck like that!
there form is very bad
ok so i have a glitch where vids sometimes go slowmo
Need brain cleanse
Biglaw: Why? =P
/me does not approve
duuuuun duuuuun dun
cleanser
Alpha-Omega: Not even bleach will help :D
/me swag dances. :P
Aww yaa.
YES! YES!
yayyyyyyyy
and it just happend, so i heard: "iiiimmmm daa beeeessssssssss"
Vordox do YOU want to see granny smith applebucking like that?
oh God this song is everywhere
/me dances
HEEYAYAYAYAYAYAY
Old vs. New - YT
I'll take a concussion then
/me pulls out the glowsitcks
The sad part? Thisis the second time I have seen this today.
/me sings along
/me does the He-Man
Biglaw: Fine, SPARKLE SPARKLE SPARKLE on you too then. :P
SO RELEVANT ITS NOT FUNNY http://i.imgur.com/Kl7co.gif
Barbetos: lol wut
Dat AOL sound
Spectrum_Rush|: :D
Spectrum_Rush|: :D:D:D:D
XD
Every video in on YT, in the end leads to this song
AHHHHH
HAHAHAHAHA
I am just gona look at the gif instead.
Myaaaa!
SirGanjalf: This and ponies
The He-Man is the dance Adam does in the first seconds of the video.
MYAAAH!
SirGanjalf: That or rickroll or Nyan Cat
I have to go get that CMC video stuck in my head to get this out now
HEEEEYAYEYEYEEYAYAH
http://imgur.com/mPxCd --- EVE online Alliances as Cartoons, yes, there are ponies involved
11,02Dat Chef
best song ever
Nyan Cat ain't got shit on this
SuperBrony64: Trolololo song next?
lol
I got an idea, we should listen to Epic Sax Guy :3 I love that music meme
The Real Life Version of this is great too
This just made my headache worse.
Totally worth it.
11,02Thanks for tuning in all :)
SuperBrony64: YOu DO know that's the cut version righ?
XD
Dat Over 9000 Hitler
dat Vegehit;er
hitler vegeta?
11,02Vordox: This video/
11,02?
Thanks SuperBrony64 :3
YAY
Lalalalalalalalalalaa
Thank you for awesome SuperBrony64
lyralyralyralyralyralyralyralyralyralyra
SuperBrony64: No, the Heyyeahaa There's a full version :P
SuperBrony64: you're awesome ^-^
bonbonbonbonbonbonbon
ty SuperBrony64
/me hugs SuperBrony64
XD
This can't be unseen. *me gusta face*
xD
If Test is all ponies what does it mean about them?
In the Eve world. I like the Lemmings one the most though lol
This is so awesome and weird and stuff
Thank you SuperBrony64 for the always awesome stream.
:D
Alright, I gotta be heading off to bed
LA la la LA LA la la laLA la la LA LA la la laLA la la LA LA la la laLA la la LA LA la la laLA la la LA LA la la laLA la la LA LA la la la
Nightmare fuel.
yaaaay
yay
SuperBrony64: Wonder who is your favourite. :P
Catch all you crazy peoples later!
lemmings are bad mmmkay? :)
bye WalkerPony89
lol
brb
let me explain lemmings in EVE
well a lot of people should try making html5 games there is no need for flash and it seems highly capable in the long run considering it is going to be the new standard of web coding
This was so random
>.>
But...Alpha...
It's HTML 5
Not Flash
Aw... Stream over..
now what am I gona do all night?
Sleep is so boring
Remove Flash = Remove ponies
Alpha-Omega: And the sooner that happens, the sooner we can stop depending on Flash. Im sick of it
you warp to a gate at 0, FC (Fleet Commander) tells you to HOLD ON THE FUCKING GATE cause there is an enemy fleet on the other side, some damned fool decides to jump anyway (the Lemming) and gets his ship primaried and popped :)
FLASH IS GOOD. :[
Flash CREATED MLP FIM
Vordox: doesnt mean we cant adapt
^
True on the pony thing but little do you know that google actually created a program that converts flash into html5
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oavMtUWDBTM
:3
Its not an issue that Flash is bad... its just HTML 5 is better
I'm FINE with IE dropping Flash, but Chrome, Firefox and rest won't.
and thus the internet is at an argument... again...
I bet HTML 5 could pony better.
Not yet at least.
I have no hinges, lock, or lid, and yet in my walls a golden treasure is hid. What am I?
did it go down??
Eddmario: Egg?
a heart
wait
stream over?
You know
/me throws an egg at Malavolent
You remove Flash, you remove 40% of the internet
I just played "CMC Beep Beep" over and over again to get every single other song out of my head. Atleast I dont' mind that one on endless loop
You really want to see the world Burn?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_jmDscGi7E
:)
This include things like Newgrounds, Fan animations, etc etc.
"Some men just want to watch the world burn."
Eddmario: That wasn't very nice.
Not really but we all need an update evry now and then
All these ART(yes ART; Flash is JUST NOT A PROGRAM, it's an art style, like FiM)
4 stallions are in a boat on a lake. Suddenly, the boat tips over and they all fall into the lake, yet not a single pony got wet. How is this possible?
Vordox: thats why you wait til people have moved to HTML5 and not cut them off cold turkey. If they cut them off cold turkey then yeah, there would be a bit of a downfall.
A stallion is a pony?
oni_link: But that'st he thing, Microsoft is going to nto support Flash
They ARE cutting it off
a stallion is a male pony
your case is invalid
I'll never turn to IE, no matter what they say, as long as Chrome and Firefox supports Flash. I'm fine.
I'm sure they will change eventually I'm not saying do it all at once.
I'm saying there were no ponies on that boat.
next Windows doesn't support Flash
Vordox: Are you answering my riddle?
im using IE right now :P
Vordox IKR? The only good I find in IE is downloading a new browser
Vordox: ... Darn. I was unaware of that. I do love me Flash animations but thats going to suck bad if its true...
Next WINDOWS <---- WINDOWS does not support
/me is songing trololo song
Ueah I use Google chrome and Firefox
yeah
/me singing*
Lunar_Brony: Lol me too
zomg school starts in a week
So if you get Winows 8...
Lunar_Brony: And it's a good temporary browser for when the newest Flash player update doesn't work with FireFox
/me sits in a dark corner
><
mishia I get another month
Im having a small freakout *SQQQQQQQQQQQUEEEEEEK*
You guys never answered the riddle.
Eddmario: yeah thats true too. It got good again.
Eddmario WWWWHHHHAAAAAATTTTTT?!?!?!?!?
Eddmario, you kidding?
NNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGH
theres just better things out now
D:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Wytn-_MSBo best version of trololol
wait . . . crap! Not you Eddmario!
Lunar_Brony, Poly|Manhwa: FireFox > IE > Chrome
no, I was right the first time
So?
Lunar_Brony: Nope. The answer was that they were all married. I said not a SINGLE pony got wet.
Blah.
Eddmario huh
thats cool
The ones that were married did.
Anyone talked to nebula Brony lately?
im using IE right now, what is wrong with it? :<
<.<
anyway, Explain the nonsense about Firefox not supporting the next flash!
You'll find out.
if they all fell in they were all married
Lunar_Brony: The newest flash player update had problems with FireFox
I made the switch to Firefox from IE because My Little Face When didn't work with IE :P
as long as i can get around the internet, im fine :P
I finally gave in to FireFox from IE becuase I was using a 10 year old computer that was running XP and no antivirus program could protect it
I switched to chrome bevause mozilla was being a pain
Also, yeah. Firefox and the newest version of Flash seem to have a... turbulent relationship.
Eddmario when was it updated? 'Cause most of the time when I was at the computer I was here, and I only got normal stream lag
Eddmario: Not even AVG?
Lunar_Brony: A couple of weeks ago
Luckily, all you had to do was go to the FireFox website and download the newest version
Eddmario oh, I've seen no difference. The odd bit of lag here, buffer there, but nothing out of the ordinary
Lunar_Brony: Which version are you using?
Eddmario Firefox or Flash?
and how do I check either?
Lunar_Brony: FireFox
where do I go to check it?
Will now start daydreaming
/me throws a muffin at Alpha-Omega
Lunar_Brony: Click on "Help" and choose "About FireFox"
k
14.0.1
That kind of startled me as I get very inyense daydreams
intense
Alpha-Omega just STFU and eat the muffin
it's chocolate chip
:$ okay
WHOA.
Ah, that's why you didn't have the problems. For some reason, FireFox won't automatically update, and instead will tell me there's a new update and ask me if I want to install it, and when I chooe "Yes", it takes foreve to connect to the server
DAMNIT
Barbetos WHAT
Why can't I get this to work
D:
http://img502.imageshack.us/img502/82/codesm.jpg
Chocolate....YAY -noms on muffin-
Oh yeah, this is Flash code. =P
Lunar_Brony I see you like to force your muffins on people
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/5173/
I is bored
Barbetos he was complainiing when I "offered" him a muffin
by "offered", I of course meant threw it at him
/me throws a muffin at oni_link
I heard you all like games
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OuO-s1kugLs&feature=autoplay&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ&playnext=2
Complain? I was just stating that the notificatioon startled me
/me noms Lunar_Brony s muffin
Alpha-Omega nevermind. Go back to eating your muffin
quiet chat is quiet
No stream?
Guess so
ohai Ponies47
I saw Myst in that video.
/me eats muffin
Ponies47: hey
just watched that video.
/me throws a muffin at Ponies47
Also, Duke Nukem 3D.
I saw hi res minecraft textures. me gusta
oni_link: Sup?
/me Noms on muffin
Ponies47: Youre just in time for the buffer show lol
need more music...
BUFFER :D
It's the quality static channel.
I'm gonna hit the hay. G'night everypony
best show ever
night Lunar_Brony
Good night and thank you for the muffin
Snow (Hey Oh)
your welcome. Luna baked them in her spare time, which you have alot of on the moon . . .
anypony here watch Sanity Not Included?
Nope.avi
/me raises a hoof
but I'm gone
I thought you were unbanished :)
Lunar_Brony: explains why it was so delicious
Ninjazz: then this is for you http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rBVrPG2qmnI
:)
Man, I just saw clips of that stupid "Teens React To My Little Pony" crap. Blegh. XP
lol
So, apparantly there was a MLP: FIM panel at RTX a couple of weeks ago...
i just read one of pinkie's finishers is turning into pinkamena, hugging you really tight, and turning back into pinkie pie
Eddmario Wait, what?
oni_link, :D
one of them became a brony
oni_link What did he say?
Good morning Bronystate! :)
actually two of them became bronies
I don't Eddmario :D
Eddmario: thats it, word for word
Eddmario Ugh... whatever. He's a shockjock that more or less offends everyone.
im gonna go for now, might come back later, bye! /)
bye Soul
Now, while I WOULD sleep with Twilight Sparkle if I was a pony, that's only because adorkable girls are kinda my fetish
(
9|
damn it
bye
Soul: (\
lol
Eddmario Ditto.
Well, I'm off to bed. Night everypon.
Theres a first time for everything. I accidently posted too fast...
*everypony
Did I just hear about a strawman fallacy?
Night Eddmario
I would say I'm attracted to personality
good night
=o
Night, Eddmario
Hmm... I guess I'd be attracted to personality, too.
back
I'm off to bed too. Night, everypony!
sleep well CEC
Physical attractiveness never really has been enough for me.
are you up for some ADVENTURE???? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L0HtYRA2NzA
Bucking computer derps
I'm using ipad
that is why I love Sanity Not Included
Alpha-Omega: aw
"Through a process known as adorasynthesis, your body exudes a constant aura of Cuteness Overload (CO), which combines with naturally-occuring elements of D’aww (D) and Hnngh (H) to be absorbed back into your body as oxygen." XD Moonstuck is awesome
so epic
Polydunami: lmao :D
It's very memetastic
:P
Barbetos: :D
Barbetos: indeed lol
They call me nips....
Alpha-Omega: Nips ahoy?
lol
My last name sound like the scientific name for the pigment around the nipples, So they call me nips
I tend to take up to much of "hnng" and "Daww" I expect to die at an early age.
A very... VERY.. early age
Sounds like something out of Seinfeld to me, Alpha-Omega :P
Oh Alpha-Omega , you were serious? :p
yes
Dying at an early age of hnng and daww sounds delightful
I found a boxnof candy called nips. I shared them with my friends as a joke
Alpha-Omega: lol
How do you miss the space bar and hit the n by mistake?
That reminds me; I'm sleepy and I need to go to bed.
big as buck annoying keyboard of an ipad
Polydunami: it happens more often than you think, especially on touch screens. but good night either way
13http://i.imgur.com/FRNHM.jpg?1
Oh yeah, I forgot about ipads :P
Good night
This was on Vordox s playlist and after seeing it i was lik lol wut http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tR5o4ZqyQQE&feature=BFa&list=FLAViXIrbp86kg5lvVfFdQuQ
oni_link: I have a very interesting favourite list
:P
Shizuka: lmao SImba doesnt listen :D
Vordox: yeah, its keeping me entertained :)
oh my gosh:D
Umm
Dang now everytime I see the want it need it (Hold me) video I'll be reminded that it made me cry
My dog is absolutely mad 6_9
Well I have to leave you fine pony folk as I have work in the morning. Bye :)
13nacht ponies
Okay, I'm out of here.
night Shizuschlafen :)
Good night then
night Polydunami and Alpha-Omega
Moooo
I was waiting for this to happen: https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/24/WS5rAIdFf06Qsmjz2_ej8Q2.png
there is one light!
ev'ryponies gay for Patrick Stewart
hmm I'm sure I would remember being gay
did i kill the chat... im sorry :(
nah people just left
/me revives chat
I just got on, and i'm waiting for the video to start.
I think they are done streaming for the night
I'm still waiting for one of 3 people to be cast as the 12th Doctor...Patrick Stewart, Daniel Radcliffe, and and Rowan Atkinson (who played the Doctor previously in an official joke story)
Ello once again
Rowan Atkinson?
Mr. Bean
Nope
I know him
How will he do it?
just I don't see him
Magic...
*snort
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
Tom
That one was more of a joke than anything...I was just remembering when he did the role as a joke
I'll wait half an hour.
Not good enough tom
dang I want to be a voice actor. I think it is awesome
I wish I could be everything I find awesome :D
It was part of a Red Nose Day skit.
Can't wait for MLD movie! :)
Is everypony having the no-stream? Just asking...
Although my friend says that I have a storyteller voice
There is no stream at the moment
He left, with out saying bye! THAT NERVE!
/me eats pudding
Man. I should just go to sleep
Ello...
/me hugs random pony
Awww...I like hugs! :0
Hi xtremetoxicguy! Don't eat the pudding. I hear its made of soilent green.
NO PUDDING TODAY? I CANNOT LIVE WITHOUT PUDDING!!!!! I NEED PUDDING!!!!!
what the.. f?
Is soylien green the stuff made of ponies or humans?
Not gonna lie I want to know what people taste like
/me is sad
*Rushes to safeway, grabs 34 boxes of quick pudding
*grabbs 12 jugs of milk
Why 34 boxes
Don't forget the booze
cuase porn, thats why
Don't ask
34? Oh god why did I have to pick THAT number....
:D
Hmmmm, i have heard that a docter made a tofu that was made to taste like human meat.
Chicken?
*grabs large mixing bowl....GIANT mixing bowl
Its called hufu.
...
"Screw it!
Ok. I'm gonna go hit the hay. NIGHT YA'LL :)
Ponies47 NO!
*Dumps pudding mix and jugs of milk in mouth
How do I know he os not lying?
You're not allowed.
Stay up.. forever
Barbetos: 3:00 AM. To for bucking sleep for me :P
*Tume
*Time
I told you I need pudding
GOOD NIGHT! :3
night Ponies47
Did he say the secret phrase Alpha-Omega? The one we established so we know to trust.. "them"?
/me gives xtremetoxicguy pudding
Night ponies47. Same time zone fore me though
Nah, I've had enough pudding for today...
I am going to not sleep.
I don't know
HEART ATTACK!!!!!
*Heart attack from too much pudding
^ thats it
We can't trust 'em
What?
Trust who?
Nothing << >>
*gasp! That pony is a spy!
S
P
Y
The only class I play in tf2
=D
That sandvich is spy!
The big gay following
Spies?! Bring out derpy :P
/me does not have TF2:(
/me smacks the refreash icon on the video side of the screan.
I have to admit, I could never backstab a pony.
No, especially not derpy
Yeah. She would see it coming anyways
Backstap fudge
and the pudding that gave me a heart attack
lol mine is Team Foaltress 2
I don't use a screen saver.
I do have discorded hooves on my desktop though.
*spy zapped my computer!!!!
Okay...time to watch one of my favorite youtubers play Slender...
lockcreen is Lyra, Bon Bon, Dr.Whooves, Derpy, Octavia, and Vinyl Scratch
helo evry pony
Time to grab some pills
DeathStar: helo
hello scottish-geeky
scottish-geeky: hello
ello OtakuTom
Time to sleep, Goodnight everyone ~
*in translate, that's a word for, I'm playing lfd
and to listen to queen
DeathStar: havent seen u on for quite some time whats up
I love left for dead
scottish-geeky: nuthin much ^^
Alpha-Omega: (\
BUMPER CARS
DeathStar: kul
Alpha-Omega: Who doesn't?
xtremetoxicguy: omg its kiddy land
Do I look like some sort of queer to you?
lol *facepalm
xtremetoxicguy: lol
*line from parody....not trolling
muffin button :D
FOOTBALL!
YEAH!
football y
i was abut to say that
hay look laier bems
DeathStar: what u up to
scottish-geeky: dancing
HE SAYS HE WANTS SOME GOOD OLD FASHIONED COLA!
DeathStar: may i jone
scottish-geeky: of corse
xtremetoxicguy: what why
/me dancies with DeathStar
HE GONNA BLOW UP THE TRUCK AND CLEAR THE WAY....dummy
xtremetoxicguy: oki doki loki
Destruction is the only answer :P
/me dances with scottish-geeky
0+key+dough+k+loki
DeathStar: yay
Alpha-Omega: no dout
I shall slay thy computer!
xtremetoxicguy: ok
Gonna sign off guys. Work is calling and I'm not allowed to miss it.
/me hugs the entire Chat
HAZA! The computer has been doubled!
Into two!
But in lfd2, why do people leave pistols and pipe bombs in their rooms?
Wait a minute....
everyone came for a...
watching Dr.Whooves
lfd convention@
I hate pears!
XD
No, really...I hate pears...>:0
If I see a pear...anywhere...
I will blow it into space!!!
With a pipebomb!
Good morning everypony :)
Then burn the remains...
Hello Eveypony
It's 1:23 here! AM!
ellop killerpony7733
I HATE onions, but that is a little extreame.
I finally got my desktop looking the way I wanted it http://img19.imageshack.us/img19/5259/mydesktopuy.png
ello Kriel_Pony
xtremetoxicguy: It's like 10:24 AM here
coo
I love pears......
fluffle_puff: Dat DXHR,
fluffle_puff: AWESOME
TY
DeathStar: u like metal
flufflepuff: Wait a minute....
YOU HAVE INTERNET EXPLORE?!?!?!?!!!!!
scottish-geeky: sorta, it's not a fave but some of it's good
But I do like the wallpaper
:)
Im going to watch net flix, so later everypony.
DeathStar: i gess u dont like death-metal
Noir: We all no what you will be watching...>:)
scottish-geeky: actually I do like some death metal as well, but still not a fave
Family Guy....
I'm going to leave now. If I don't slewp now I'll never sleep.
duh!
DeathStar: hummm whats ur fave metal band
Chicken Gravy!
peace
scottish-geeky: I don't have a fave
Alpha-Omega: sleep is for week ppl
JET SET RAAAADIO!!!!! :D
this operation will take 45000+ days... I think not.
DeathStar: i cnat have a fave i love it all
*cant
/me is not weak
Pinkies4thWall: ok
Has anyone heard Tara has made a youtube account?
:O
cream gravy
^Then you killed the chat
chat is dead no big supries
I rarely use Internet explorer, I use mostly Firefox and Comodo
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1GAKOLOnfV4
Okay...for anybody who has ever played minecraft...this is awesome!
IE isn't that bad, But most browsers beats it in comparison
Jeb just posted this image of a new feature being added to the next snapshot and 1.3 (coming out on August 1) http://i.imgur.com/3fre9.png
You can finally rotate blocks!
Interesting
Woah, cream gravy!
DeathStar: whats your preferd muisc
Could make for awesome styling
Ohai everypony
hia Jim
R.I.P chat
May it rise up like a zombie one day
nope.avi
...................
haha...did anyone else hear Tara Strong talk about bronies in her Raven voice? XD
OtakuTom: send link now
Haven't heard that, no
http://www.vocaltwit.com/4294
As always, it's perfectly in character
OtakuTom: thats awesomr
Apparently she did a number of them, I just found Bubbles and Melody
Sparkly...and happy...and happy...
/me hugs scottish-geeky tight then leaves
no dont go
also, take a look at this awesomeness http://fbcdn-sphotos-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn1/532293_468529406492263_1479712474_n.jpg
doing the Raven voice <3
Jim: i wnat ot go there
Jim: too bad I don't like coffee XD
Here's Melody: http://www.vocaltwit.com/4292
I'd still go there just for the sign
heard they have awesome soup though
Suddenly, sream
Phase4 <3
stream*
Yay KSP stream
THIS SONG
darn that ruin my muisc
/) Phase4
Pinkies4thWall: IT'S A PARTY!
00,02Pinkies4thWall, (\
one way to always know if its a Phase4 stream awesome tunes
/me FUKKIN LOVES THIS SONG
Phase4: u killd my Mitallica
Can't wait to get home tonight, so I can actually watch the stream for the first time in two weeks
DeathStar: look streem
/me fires the PARTY CANNON
scottish-geeky: O.O stream
DeathStar: its buteful
scottish-geeky: @.@ streeeeeeaaaaammm
Pinkies4thWall: not my cup of tea, but it's far from being obnoxious or annoying :)
Phase4: i saw that craft and thought of an x-wing
00,02nah
lol
DeathStar: @___o streeem
tf2
00,02i have an x wing though
y u no run
MAH BOI
Pinkies4thWall!
/me hugs MahBoi777
/me HUGS MahBoi777
.MMMMMMMMMMMMMM
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall and scottish-geeky back:)
hey MahBoi777!
dat MahBoi777
hey MadSurge!^^
dat Jim
MahBoi777: why u got to hug and live like that
/me is playing Burnout Revenge. Anyone here ever play that game?
Lol sorry scottish-geeky
MahBoi777: it ok
Pinkies4thWall: nah what is it?
haven't played it Pinkies4thWall, heard it's good though
/me actaks MahBoi777 and DeathStar with hugs
^_^
MahBoi777: Best of Spike's 2005 VGA driving games
scottish-geeky: it's supper affective :D
MahBoi777, it's a car game where you wreck shit
ohhhh awesome:D
Jim: It went platinum
Also, it's good
VERY good
/me catchis DeathStar in a pony ball
MahBoi777: you get rewarded for wrecking shit
O.o
Wreck dat shit
/me dances in pony ball makeing it wobble
DeathStar: lawlz
00,02need music
Phase4: play some queen
Ded
YAAAAYYYY
<3
hell ya
MahBoi777 http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/767/
DeathStar: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/767/
scottish-geeky: O U
XD
Hmmm...I wonder if this tweet from Tara is hinting at something...if it is, I may actually watch at least part of the next season of Dancing With The Stars...lol
cupcakes :3
scottish-geeky: indeed
MahBoi777: as soon as i saw it i thot got send to MahBoi777
DeathStar: eyup
hey OtakuTom!
Hey MahBoi
Oh wow, Phase actually got that one working? Those wings are just obscenely large XD
So i went 3 days without touching my laptop
It was torture
sounds aweful
/me causes a fracas
/me spins
Queen FTW
^
Oh wow...they have Kerbals walking around the hangar now? Is that new in .16?
I guess so
They can even exit their ship and walk around the moon or fly through space I've heard
/me dancing
Yea, I've seen that. I just haven't been paying too much attention during the building process...lol
05enough of this, time to get breakfast
/me does a jig
dem overly flexible wings
Morning, Wrek
eat harty Wrek for tonite u dine in HELL
i was contemplating sleeping , considering it is 5 oclock , but then i saw phase is playing kerbal to qqueen and all sleepyness left me :)
DeathStar: danc wirth me
cratorkid: Smart move
/me dances with scottish-geeky
Kerbal and Queen is indeed a good combination
/me dances with DeathStar
wheeeeeeeeeeeee
MahBoi777: jonie me and DeathStar
hi all!
hai Mutterguy
hi Mutterguy
/me dances with scottish-geeky and DeathStar
hey Mutterguy!
yes ty i like to think so soon , but i may change my mind in an hour or so , sleep is an apealing prospect , but not as much as the stream
/me takes the dancefloor
/me spins the dancefloor
/me dances with MahBoi777 and DeathStar
/me boogies like it's 1999
I think he wants to ride his bicycle
dat landing
AdamTheDuck: nope.avi
'LET US IN IT;S 3AM AND WE NEED TO GET BACK HOME TO GUILDFORD!
/me is having a good time , so dont stop him now
cratorkid: ok
oh wait that's the day after...
00,02i dont know what hapeneed there
:D
not enough thrut
queen
i hate maqidos
trust
BICYCLE
some bike there
/me just started the stream
"I just don't know what went wrong"
This will end badly
With planes, could be anything.
Phase4: hmmm needs more solid rocket boosters
RING RING
Kerbal planes tend to go boom even more than rockets do
guh one of my big space planes just di the same
00,02needs more jets
"I
^
:D
MOAR
We need jets up in this shiet
"NOOO wings are flying off!"
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4011/ i made Raity mad run
/me likes the Queen music
^
Sumica you playing Greatest Hits?
It's Phase, not Sumica.
Big, this is phase streaming :[
oooooh
:p*
my bad
Biglaw: i thought it was phase there :(
you can tell because the planes aren't _obvious_ deathtraps.
XD
they're at least plausible spacecraft, in a vagueish way
Phase4 you playing Greatest Hits?
hen3ry: or by the oc in the corner
This will end badly
pff. OCs can be forged. Designs, now... can be copied
I just know it
needs duct tape
00,02Biglaw, just a playlist
alright
:)
dat bautiful flight
00,02whoops
00,02wrong stage
o.o
FIRE THEM ALL
Well, that descended quickly.
DERP
6_9 I just don't know what went wrong!
needs more tie fighter.
There needs to be a star wars mod
While my internet connection gently weeps.
Hey guys!
and you can go to the death start
o3o
hey Emmie!
hai
/me hugs Emmie
there are kerbals who make star wars based planes and rockets.
whats this?
Emmie Kerbal Space Program
kerbal spac eprogra,
Epic Minion Suicide Program
whats it about? xD
MahBoi777: how have u been
just fly around?
like the Queen btw
a space program made by kerbals
but its not in space its flying over land
/me approves of the music
scottish-geeky: I have been good scottish-geeky, thanks, how about you?
Emmie it's.... Airspace?
<-< i see, biglaw.
Biglaw the Public inquiry will sort that out. Phase4 has giben 40,000 beaurocrats gainful employment just fto keep up with recruiting new astronauts
design, build, fly, and crash your designs... and yes, this particular design didn't get a lot of altitude, but all launches start in atmosphere, do they not?
hes testing a build , he cant gett it in space yet
CRASH IT
:3
MahBoi777: i have been good i just got my PS2 working
awsum
o.o
yay!
00,02all in all that went well
hahaha
who's hosting the video?
Most certainly
nice landing. bit rough at the end I suppose
Emmie Phase is
Phase4: cunstract additional solid rocket boosters :)
Emmie: Phase4
so the intakes do nothing?
construct*
DeathStar: http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4715/
ohi thar phase4.
11,02Night all ^-^
OH GOD someone sent me the gifura thing on skype D:
00,02night SuperBrony64
some of the nacelles have their own built-in intakes
Bye SB
night superbrony64 :D
Nighty night SuperBrony64! *tucks in*
Good night SuperBrony64
crash the next one
!
00,02Mutterguy, i think they are intended to do something in a future update
Of course, right after he logs off :P
Somebody to love :3
no
play the game
:3
scottish-geeky: ^-^
Play the gaaaaamme!
:3
game over man!
:<
bufferrr
This was actually the first CD that I owned. I listened to it almost every night for a year
i lost the game
DeathStar: ^~^
:(
my first cd was that beck album :P
:<
buffer
hey everypony
hey BronyInstrumental!
hey bronyinstrumental! :3
Hello BronyInstrumental
laglaglaglaggity
it is late for me I'm gonna head to bed, gnight bronystate!
gnight mahboi!
Night MahBoi777
Night MahBoi777!
Nighty night MahBoi777!
night, MahBoi777
Typin like a bauws
Go to sleep, faggot.
X :<
x D:
dont be a dick x, lol
night MadSurge
X: Stfu! :P
* MahBoi777
Pinkies4thWall: dat tab fail :D
so this ones going into space :3
Nah derg that ain't me.
inorite
MadSurge: Yeah
itd be really scary driving one of those
Emmie eeyup
my stomach drops thinking about it >-<
FLASH
FLASH! AAAAAAHHHHH!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH
:D
SAVIOR OF THE UNIVERSE
WIN!!!!
FLASH! AAAAAAH
HED SAVE EVERY ONE OF US
o3o
FLASH! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Appropriate song is appropriate
Epic song is epic
HES A MIRACLE
Can't wait for movie night. Anyone else?
:D
KING OF THE INMPOSSIBLE
mmmmm
/me dies from the awesome
Lol, after Ted I always wanted to watch Flash Gordan xD
OPEN FIRE!
PEPEPEPEW
Alll weapns!!
FLASH IS ALIVE
CLOSE ENOUGH
GORDONS ALIVE
Gordon Freeman?
FIRE ZE MUFFINS
FLASH GORDAN
WATCH IT PHASE4 YOU'RE GOING TO GO INTO THE OCEAN :
and drown
<-<
FLASH! AAAAAAAAAAH!
fLASH WE ONLY HAVE 15 MINUTES TO SAVE THE WORLD!
Awwww
FLASH
no AHHH
pfffft fail on my part
lol
Ohai Mutterguy
How are we?
15 minutes=14 hours
SEVEN SEAS OF RHYE!
:D
OK, BEEN BUSY
SO MUCH WIN
00,02hmmm
ILIVID ISNT MISSING YA DUMB AD. >-<
This track rocks so much
Seven Seas of Rhye!
So yea, I'm still trying to (slowly) watch this video of a guy playing Slender...I think I'm just as scared to watch the video as I would be if I were to ever play it...lol
/me wants to sing, but it's 5AM
:D
I know that feel Biglaw
Friendship Cannon?
I saw that in the list
And yes, I'm able to multi-task and watch multiple videos. I still have KSP playing here :P
OtakuTom: i played slender, idk what all the hype's about, it wasn't that scary to me :$
00,02now this rocket has a few bugs
00,02Biglaw, you did
mmhm
Bronyinstrumental it was sooo scary D: i played it in the dark
Oh do I like to beside the seaside!
This, this will end badly
:I
:D
00,02salmer says the rocket broke
salmer is creeper
dats a big bug
*creepy
They lived, that's what matters
ewww his head
D:
but hes an astronaut
good for him
raddddddio
Why am I suddenly deaf in the right ear?
whaer did mahboi777 go
I know that feel AdamTheDuck
adamtheduck i just noticed that
O.O
otakutom if a duck popped out with screaming i honestly would die
but then start laughing xD
/me pops out and scares Emmie
/me dies
.....
:(
00,02theres nowhere to mount these tanks
So yea, for me, jump scares like the ones in Slender really get me.
me too man
amnesia was bad too
Pfffft, Amnesia custom stories
I watch PewDie play em
All we hear is Radio Gaga, Radio Googoo, Radio Gaga!
i've never played amnesia
dont, bronyinstrumental
00,02brb
I was able to watch a playthrough of Amnesia, and honestly I don't think it was as bad as Slender would be on my scare factor.
BronyInstrumental: Play it :3
otakutom, just expierience it in the dark XD
i've played paranormal, though
i was with my boyfriend and he didnt think it was scary
and i /died every five seconds
OtakuTom: jumpscares get me too, but Slender looks very amateurish .__,
madsurge slenderman is amateurish
slender isnt
i dont think ^^
im a go nite evry pony
night scottish-geeky!
good night scottish geeky
Night scottish-geeky
nite Emmie
nite Biglaw
night, scottish-geeky
nite AdamTheDuck
nite BronyInstrumental
bronyinstrumental what instruments do you play?
Slender is an indie game, but the atmosphere is still there. The in-game models don't look the best, but the fact that you start in the middle of a dark forest with no idea what's going on with a flashlight that you have to pay close attention to really adds to the suspense, much like the tinder boxes and oil in Amnesia
Emmie quite a few :)
just out of curiousity. i play ukulele and bass but nothing besides that..
I enjoy playing bass
i was the bassist in my high school orchestra
but i mostly play bass*guitar*
innuendo i think
I'd play electric if I had a pick :I
i dont use a pick
I used to play trumpet
you get used to it though
i play the guitar, bass, drums (very badly), the Cello( not in 6 years, don't remember how to anymore :D) and i sing
i have pretty small hands but my fingers callused and it felt better.
I can sing ^-^
and thats cool! you should make youtube videos, bronyinstrumental.
Emmie: naaw i don't think so ^_^
I was the percussion guru in high school. While there were others that were incredible at snare drum and I was lacking there, I was the go-to guy for basically everything else, especially mallet instruments.
f
I'd make my own music if I had the equipment/programs to do it
OtakuTom i'm basically like that in my high school but mainly for string instruments
how old are you guys anyways
I want to play acoustic guitar
14, almost 15
I'm 26.
OtakuTom what was your prefered weapon. glockenspiel of xylophone?
im 14 too biglaw :D
14, became it in July
Phase4: dat HUGEASS rocket
00,02ikr
Just turned 17 recently
00,02and the lower part gets the entire upper stage into orbit
My birthday's in november. Kinda sucks though. :/
I'm gonna say neither and go with marimba :P
00,02this thing can do inter planetary
nothing cool happens in november
Biglaw: if you wanna play any kinda guitar, you gotta start with acoustic so no worries there :)
Your birthday happens Emmie! that's something cool that happens in november.
Emmie, hre Uni ends and ewe do exams :(
D: that sucks
what is this music and why do i want it?
BronyInstrumental: I have a bass and an electric, I just want to have an acoustic because I think they sound good
which is a shame because my birthday is on the 13th
queen, hirro
My birthday is on September 28th
Biglaw: so you started learning with an electric before an acoustic
?
lol that explains a fair bit
specificallly innuendo
my ukulele is acoustic/electric, bronyinsstrumental. :P
BronyInstrumental: No, I began with the bass, though I haven't really had any sort of lessons with it. Only a few music classes at school
ah
i could help you with that, if you wanted, Biglaw
00,02hmm
00,02new band time
00,02song sugestion?
SPPPACCE!! I wanna go to space!! :3 space space space space space
BronyInstrumental: I'm not sure how you could
Phase play best coast
I think someone invented a keytarukeazoo
best coast is really nice
i love best coast
>3<
Biglaw:......skype video lessons perhaps? although i don't actually own a bass i just know how to play them
Phase4 AC/DC?
I'm thinking of trying to learn the guitar again. I took lessons for a year, but the teacher was terrible. We went through only HALF of the beginners book I had (so maybe about 20 pages) in the year. He spent over half the lessons playing on his guitar.
Phase4: i'd say pony song, but thats me. do what feels best
BronyInstrumental: Maybe, but I got to get a skype account
red hot chili peppers would also be nice
Or maybe Green Day?
phase4 BEST COAST OR STEPDAD COME ON X3
05so my sister has her boyfriend over this week, and yesterday they made meat and potato pie
Wrek THAT SOUNDS DELICIOUS
...that sounds delicious
/me is hungry
05there was a little left over which i had for breakfast
05fucking delicious
/me has been too lazy to get food
Biglaw: if we did do that all i'd have to do was tune my guitar down an octave and disredard the top E and G strings
/me is drooling
hi Wrek!
I'd say it was, though I'd disagree, considwering I'm vegetarian
Wrek shepards pie? it's mince with mash potatoe on top
very_silly_filly, i wish i could be a vegan/vegetarian..i just cant bring myself to! :(
-no pastry
PHASE4 PLAY BEST COAAST
05no but it was meat mixed with mash potatoes as filling.
BEST COASTTT
aw.
05then gravy on the side
BronyInstrumental: sounds good, I guess
:)
05also Very_Silly_Filly: then you'll love my mozarella tomato pizza :3
Daftpunk
/me enjoys AC/DC
wrek stoppit >-<
im so hungry but its 5am
Wrek: So basically, a cheesy pizza?
nope
Biglaw: although i don't actually know any songs on the bass, all i really need to do is tell you how to read TABs with all the symbols and stuff. that's all you really need to know
/me now wants pizza and shepards pie
Wrek: I'm such a noodle eater, Do you know of a brand called Cup Noodles?
BronyInstrumental: I just play songs by ear
yay :D i love best coast
05yeah. prefer ramen though
Probably would, considering pizza is one of my favourite foods, near cake
/me would fail at never mind the buzzcocks
fuck i want ramen noodles
Biglaw: oh. can't really help you there then, i can't work stuff out by ear. sorry! :$
Wrek: I guess never had those before, But yeah i usually eat noodle soups from that brand, A great and easy way of getting filled up
biglaw, if you'd like, i could help you with bass?
i play bass guitar, if that helps
i just dont have an amp right now.
BronyInstrumental: It's alright, all I need to do is practice :)
05its basicalyl the same but without the cup
cup-o-noodles x33
My dad plays bass, and he's missing his ring finger
05i tend to buy a chicken fillet that i slice and fry up to have with ym noodles
/me 's dad is a boss
i wish i could cook :/
05then some mixes vegetables in form of corn, peppers, maybe broccoli
Wrek you're making me hungry
:I
I still havn't figured out a good way to eat tofu with ramen, but if there is a low preparation way I need to learn it for college
05and ofc spicing up the spice bag with soem extra curry, chili and mild pepper
Phase4, that's a hell lot of fuel you have left
00,02Mutterguy, ikr
00,02this thing is HUGE
Phase4: Knows his rockets
biglaw i use my middle and ring finger to play , so that'd suck
phas4 SAVE LUNA!!!
D:
I use a pick. even for bass. it's kinda awkward on a bass but i only ever need to do it in school so i can deal with it
you use a pick for double bass, bronyinstrumental?
:O
hey guys
hay alexxm!~
05but yeah
Emmie: not double bass, electric :D
hey alexxm!
05right now a cup of tea was perfect
OH LOL xD that'd be so weird bronyinstrumental
hey Emmie and BronyInstrumental how've you been
pretty good, alexxm
Wrek: Drinking anything hot right now would be a death sin, It's extremely hot here
i'm good alexxm
its coolish here
where do you guys live?
killerpony7733: Tea is always a good thing.
Emmie: england :)
it's not raining for the first time in years :O
bronyinstrumental I live in DC :P
Kammerjunk: When you are nearly cooking inside?, Gonna turn down that offer :(
killerpony7733: Air con, man.
Vehas.
Emmie: utah
GAH
00,02i'm out of rcs and theres too much weight
Kammerjunk: Lucky, I live in a small small apartment with three family members with no air con
killerpony7733: Oh. That's a shame.
buffer
Kammerjunk: Though i do have a air blower of sorts at the highest speed blowing air at me,
damn, usually you have heaps of rcds
OWOWOWOW
*rcs
omg
that hurt
is it just me, or is the stream frozen?
Biglaw: Same
okay
it unfroze for about two chords
there its okay now biglaw
It's back for me
mmhm
it's back
now...its back..
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
dammit, i can't find any guitar tab for this one song i wanna learn :(
phase4 likes mmmbananas biglaw
BronyInstrumental: which song?
looks good
00,02?
Biglaw: loverboy by you me at six
cool
do you like mmmmmmbananas phase4?
:)
.n.
00,02busy
fase4 is expert space pilot
well this looks like a succesful mission
That is one heavy lander. Lots of spacejunk for future Munar base.
Well, he's actually descending extremely quickly, so I think he'll go boom
Phase4: would you prefer the customary links or something else
?
hes at less than 10 m/s
COME ON SAVE LUNA
YOU CAN DOOO IT!
hen3ry: those aren't meters
no lander legs tho, so he has to do it at less than 2.
yes, they are meters.
deliver luna her cookies :3
ooooh
my bad
she'll be back on earth before she knows it
/)_-
00,02:/
Phase4: Noooooo!
I am such a derp
doh
hi Phase4
XD
00,02i'm not sure how to fix this rocket
:D
epic
XD
boom
Phase - legs might help a bit
noOOOOO!
I KNEW IT!!!!
that could have gone better
luna didn't get her cookies :(
Two sets of landing legs might work
other than that it looked like a pretty good job really
hen3ry: I was right :3
buffer
he didn't crash because of too fast tho. He crashed because too topheavy
no buffer for me
strange...
buffer
if the ground had been perfectly level, it would have been safe landing. But something that heavy, any slope will kill
anyone else getting lag?
i just refreshed and now the stream is gone completely 6_9
aye
Eeyup
00,02um
?
Phase4: you crashed it didnt you :D
of course, to be fair, my home network right now is being bombarded and overwhelmed.
by?
00,02hen3ry, not topheavy
00,02just too heavy
00,02Flyboy, i did a bit
by file transfers between my computers.
00,02i think my internet is derping
aaand
there we go
it's back
suddenly OP
fraaaance
Hello everypony
Its 5:52 AM in florida.
hi SploogeTheFish
SploogeTheFish: it's 5:52 in ontario
SploogeTheFish: 11:53 AM here
What is going on right now?
Phase5: you like ponies? you disgust me....
and yes, too topheavy, Phase. To land on wide variety of terrain, you need low center of gravity, or very wide set of landers. You had neither.
winter wrap up :O
Winter Wrap Up!
<3
We need Munar Wrap Up.
i can play this on guitar :)
What are we watching? Anybody mind describing this?
winter wrap up for the win
TIME FOR A SINGALONG!
wat emote is this
Still more of a This Day Aria person <3
----- :/)
this is my 2nd favorite song. :3
SploogeTheFish: Kerbal Space Program
/me bobs his head
this is actually pretty complicated on guitar. the intro is anyways
most daniel ingram songs are
Steam hates me
It's Phase4 firing off rockets and hopefully making to the moon or back
anyone know wat /) is?
smile smile smile is IMPOSSIBLE on uke
something burning early?
00,02'or'?
chronoclutch: brohoof
the stream is stuck on one frame for me
not the rest of it, the rest of it is easy. just the intro is complex
I'm hearing things explode Phase4...
chronoclutch: I think we all know silly filly /)
chronoclutch it's a brohoof /)(\
oooooh!
ok
/)
that is hilariois then
00,02Mutterguy, thats normal
Wait, what the fuck
Phase4: Define ''normal''
ok. even at the start?
Steam can't run on Windows Vista?
._.
SploogeTheFish: yeah it does. i have a vista and steam is running on it right now
SploogeTheFish should be ok
SploogeTheFish: you mean view or broadcast? cause it can certainly view no probs
Killerpony7733: /ˈnôrməl/Adjective:	Conforming to a standard; usual, typical, or expected.
:>
No, i just tried launching It right onw
now
i am just messing around on omegle
and asked an anonymous question
It said that for steam to run on this version of windows, you need to install some componenat
it was a mlp reference
hey, after the stream anyone feel like some tf2?
Emmie: It's a joke silly filly :P, I was refering to how normal he mean't :D
ah, playing with nekkid dirty old men?
Phase, this has got to be the best song ever.
and both ppl broohooved
cuz they got the reference
killerpony7733: i was just joking :p
:P
THE BEST NIGHT EVER
:D
I don't know if that brings me joy... or phear.
now THIS is my favorite song
confound these ponies, they drive me to sing. AT THE GALA!
especially the rainbow dash port
:3
TEH GALA
Emmie: Guess we are equal :D
i made my own version of this, on electric stuff. it was twice as fast and turned into more of a rap :D
also RD part soon <3
Phase4 arnt you going to jettison the rest of the stuff on your rocket?
i'm getting skip all over place.
00,02Flyboy, its still got fuel
oookie the stream is normal
its got lot of fuel
Phase4 oh kk
i also love the saltlakrits version of this, mashed up with winter wrap up. it's awesome
Mashup of every song in MLP O.o
Phase4 also, how come it says you arnt in the chat? and i cant auto finish your name either 6_9
Flyboy: Something must be wrong for you then, I can easily do it
twilight has the best singing voice :D
Flyboy: the "+" isn't part of his name.
Biglaw: it could have already happened. if not, i'm sure i have free time at some point :D
00,02Flyboy, bug
00,02refresh your chat
ASDADASD
kk ima refresh my chat window, brb
Aw
05there we go
05now im booked in for driving lessons
Yay?
Aww yeah
there we go
Art of the dress :)
05soon i can take the car and go to brony meets myself :3
Wrek yay!
:D
dat skype
Dat new dreeeesss
ONTO 8 BIT SONGS
Wrek, road trip for next year's BUCK?
To be honest, I'm not a fan of Rarity
rarity is my favorite pony, biglaw >-<
/me shrugs
Mutterguy: i think wrek's going to this year's :D
my mom's a clothing designer so it hits close to home i think :/
05Mutterguy: goign this year
sure but he's probably flying
Mutterguy: Either you didn't see my question, or I was too lazy to check IRC again to see your answer. Hi, how are you? :>
00,02whoops
-_-
Pinkie Pie
dress
oh I said I was good. beeen busy with Uni
20% cooler :3
20% cooler
Oh shit, did he run out of fuel?
:D
00,02accidental solar escape
;)
00,02i meen kerbin
05if anyone hereis goign to buck then
00,02this thing can probably do solar
05come visit
05give me a hug
05xD
Wrek: :)
/me gives Wrek a metaphorical hug
00,02i cant seem to controll my rocket
that's what she said
my sister said mlp wasnt nicely animated
and i was like USRS
hi everyone
Emmie DESTROY HER
:p
shes so anti-brony :<
hi Lil_B
Wrek: I will most likely meet you at manchester airport as i'm going with gildash the day you arrive there :P
hay lil_b
:D
05hehe
thanks Biglaw and Emmie :)
:3
i'm driving to manchester by megabus. i don't know anyone else who is :(
i went to brighton for 2 weeks, bronyinstrumental XD
Phase4: you better have 'Becoming Popular' :|
never gone to london or manchester though
I've been to London! Ontario
Departion time, and then a random explosion
:I
If I was still in guildford I'd be catchiNg the train
ive been to..new york city!
00,02Flyboy, i think this is an old playlist
OOOOOOOH!!!!
Today I'm going to the ROM
/me has never been anywhere but utah
:(
I also give up on going to BroNYcon, shit is too far
:'(
im going to comic con cosplayed as skitty :D
:D
Also comic-con
you guys should meet me there
had to restart my compeutor
o3o
just look for skitty
Comic-con is in San Frinsico
I am SO going to BroNYcon next year
Or however you spell it
Yep the pacific ocean is awfully big
Phase4: https://forums.playfire.com/_proxy/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.examiner.com%2Fimages%2Fblog%2Freplicate%2FEXID48424%2Fimages%2Fdarth-vader-noooo.jpg&hmac=d5ca6129d4feb9d8354ea73c2c97fd44
i'm going to next years broNYCon, all it'll take is 3 months of whining at my parents :)
sigh
comic con is in New York, too, SploogeTheFish
wow thats a big link...
I wonder if Phase4 is still thinking about his Rasberry Pi Media Center, I found a really nice Article about that on how-to-get
But i live in Florida, Emmie
I dont have the monies to fly
00,02Lil_B, its on the way
That's not too far, SploogeTheFish D: You can drive
I want to go to BroNYcon, but I live 2000 miles away, and airfare is too goddamn expensive
I ment how-to-geek
What happened?
Pinkies4thWall: i live over 5000 miles away XD
That NOOOO picture made it look like your engine exploded.
happy birthday everypony http://cheezburger.com/6444454656
Well, I have to go to bed. Good night, everypony!
tell me what happens on your birthday
11,000 miles for me
2 AU for me.
give or take
shh.
Flyboy: I GET TO PARTY WITH LYRA?
Flyboy I switch Lives with Scootaloo
i hafta do an iron pony contest against fluttershy! :'(
hen3ry, martian?
Flyboy: OH GOD I'M CREATING CLONES OF SPITFIRE
not by blood, naturally.
SploogeTheFish: sadly i became mortal enemies with her :(
Nopony wants to say good night? :(
Must find a Hotel or Youth Hosetl for GalaCn >.< I noe have Tickets and someonew to drive with
I didn't know you were going to be
YAY I'm handcuffed to FLUTTERSHY! :d
G'night, Pinkies4thWall.
Galacon* (appearently my keyboard is dying
i envy the person who has thier birthday on march 22nd
Flyboy: Mine is create clones of *insert pony here* Which if it's my month it's pinkemina or if my birthday spitfire! :O
What if you were born on october 16th?
hi everypony, and good night Pinkies4thWall :3
*October 17th
killerpony7733: cool!
hi Hrafn :)
That means, U DED.
/me goes to bed and will dream of ponies
I see we're killing Kerbals again :P
bye Pinkies4thWall
BronyInstrumental i saw that on reddit. poor rarity gets handcuffed to me. can't be good for the mare's career
Pinkie Pie's birthday totally should have either been July 22, or March 14. No other possibilities.
I make clones of Lyra
:I
Biglaw: I PARTY WITH LYRA
Biglaw how have you done this
Fighting is Magic anybody?
i feel sorry for the one whose birthday is november 17th
how come Flyboy
The most common birthday is October 5th, factoid of teh day.
I iron pony competition with fluttershy
alexxm: handcuffed for life to pinkie pie
http://cheezburger.com/6444454656
ah right Flyboy
Emmie most likely because it's about 9 months after valentines day? ;)
Flyboy: I'll take it
Flyboy ya birthday is 4 days after mine
wait
:I
If you were born on April 1st... WORTH IT
Pinkies4thWall|Zzz: yeah some people can take it, others cant
that's for alexxm's sake
ASTEROID!?!?
Conquer Equestria with Angel. Well... huh. I can think of worse partners in crime.
Oh shnap
Biglaw: minmus i think
Mutterguy: Stuck on an island with Gilda
wish i was born on june 25th
Fuck my life
INITIATE THE PIXELATED LINES, WE GOTTA BLOW THIS BITCH UP
XD
00,02where to land
Mutterguy i party with rarity
Phase4: on the formation that kinda looks like a t
the darker colored areas tend to be more regular.
Phase4: a t for Twilight
i have one of the least affecting things on that birthday list of all time
I have the worst combination ever
i must iron pony competition......with fluttershy
XD
Phase4: yep your looking right at it
Better than having sexy time
BronyInstrumental you wouldn't DARE!
BronyInstrumental that will not end well
insert assertive fluttershy here
Mine is create clones of spitfire, Which is just SOOO AWESOME /)^3^(\
mine is bake cupcake with pinkie pie....
Yayy
Waffles: ded.
xD
mines party with rarity
I become best friends with Sweetie Belle apparently :P
may 12 <3<3<3<3
Mine is Partying with lyra
Phase4: Ah i see it is fighting is magic
Thought i heard right
this will only end well
Flyboy Married to Twilight? Man i wish
SploogeTheFish: ikr
my little sister is stuck on an island with doctor whooves, and she's an anti-brony xD
XD
05now all i have to do is to get the mail regarding some stuff, and finish my CV
SploogeTheFish: she is my fav pony as i can relate to her so much
yay!
Flyboy: Making clones of spitfire is techinally the best thing ever! :D
Flyboy: Applejack or Twilight are meh favorites.
and my other sister's married to applejack!
05also twilight is mai waifu.
05hands off >:3
My combination is April 24th
Wrek: My waifu is RD
Stuck on an island with Gilda
killerpony7733: nope married to twilight, m y fav pony, who i can relate to, who i love with all my <3
Very_Silly_Filly: OH NO
i dont liek mines T^T
Very_Silly_Filly tell us what griffon tastes like
08,01i thought i was your waifu, wrek
acousticbrony
Very_Silly_Filly: lets hope you have an axe to be stuck there with too
er... yeah. if I had to marry one it'd be AJ. The others would eventually cause my death one way or t'other. :-P
hen3ry: ??? explain
Flyboy: I'd have to be high to not bring at least 7 weapons with me on any trip
00,02now for the long process of falling
I'd end up as rarity's man-servant. i can imagine Spike's deathglares already
:I
Very_Silly_Filly: choke her on her own tail :|
Mutterguy: Hah imagine being me, I will have a army of spitfire clones
05no you are the latino imigrant housekeeper<3
If i were to choose a best friend which wasnt a pony, IT WOULD BE SPIKE
Flyboy: Dude, I'm just gonna use a rocket launcher
No need for underkill
Very_Silly_Filly: no! to quick
Landing in water? aw fuck
Flyboy: Overanalysis of everything? Twi-check. Death by snu snus? Guaranteed eventual RD outcome. With Pinkie... so many ways, so little time.
Very_Silly_Filly: she needs a slow, painful death
Is that water? or ice?
it's ice
phew
And my quantum rad protection
05btw i hope you guys liked yesterdays concerts
hen3ry: AJ accidentel bucking of brains out :|
05i got morep lanned today
05:3
Yaaeeeey
yay for more concerts :3
Flyboy: but as an accident, it's not guaranteed.
(gasp) yay...
Very_Silly_Filly: Bish please. I brung my R.H.Y.N.O NIGGA!
inb4 crash through ice
SploogeTheFish: I will outgun all of you. Don't even try. I have the custom built quantum star cannon. Miniturizes stars and uses them as ammo and causes red giants when shot.
Phase4: could you find love is in bloom please?
don't bug him when he's trying to crash with style
^
^^
hen3ry: oh right :D
It's not flying, it's falling, with style
Oh yay this song
When this lands (or crashes) What will happen?
HERE IT COMES
inb4 crash
KABOOOOM!
Touchdown!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
DUN DAAAAAAAA
Phase4: http://derpy.me/s0C3W :)
/me notbadface.jpg
closeenough.jpg
Spectrum_Rush|Zzz: This isn't the moon
And then he falls off and fucks everything up
00,02Spectrum_Rush|Zzz, D'awwww
woona:3
killerpony7733: oh i didn't relize
accidentally tips the rocket
Spectrum_Rush|Zzz: No probs :D
Phase4: thank you! :)
/me glomps Phase4
08,01Lil_B: awesome
i suggest we kill the kerbals for crimes against humanity
hmmmm
TIP THE ROCKET
Phase4: This day Aria whenever Love in bloom is done? :)
goes so well with the moment here :'(
inb4 the final countdown
/me 08,01dusts Wrek
05hehe
05<3
*spaceship falls over and blows up*
Phase4: since its minmus this might be more fitting ;) http://derpy.me/jKsOH
Daww
00,02not sure if dawww
Spectrum_Rush|Zzz: Dawww filly chryssy
anti-daaaw
not sure is me gusta
YUSH
Not sure if filly or alien
:D
DAT PIANO.
Oh wow this is fitting
i'm not sure how to feel about that
Phase4: you never know with chrysy :)
00,02now
00,02lets see if i cant do this again
Spectrum_Rush|Zzz: Tiny cute chryssy? disregard life, Acquire little chryssy
*small asteroid hits a rocket and blows up a rocket*
the song gave me goosebumps
o.o
again?
00,02lolnice
05btw phase i Queued up jsut so you know ^^
dat face
dat evil face
00,02Wrek, k
Biglaw: Villain songs <3
ebil
00,02just want to see if i cant do this trick again
:I
I have made a terrible mistake
Trixie!
land on the moon :D
Biglaw what did you do
alexxm pulled an all nighter
Biglaw doesn't seem that bad to me
:I
and the the chat was ded
Hey everypony
I'm back..FROM HELL
Biglaw: I pulled a 24 hours, Even more funny i didn't feel tired at all still had loads of energy etc
Biglaw: once'
how was it Very_Silly_Filly
Satan tried to kill me
killerpony7733: I pulled a 30 hour streak, then feel asleep on the wrong side of the bed
00,02wrong button
But then I released the artillery on him
00,02warped 10k
dOOM EH?
00,02how was that
00,02minmus->mun transfer
00,02second time i've managed that
Phase4: gurantee you didn't expect this response ;)
woops
nvm Phase4
did my chat derp ?
no
00,02?
But the stream is derping :(
Aaaaand I think I'm gonna eat soon
brb
Yay, stream is back
scared me
ok as i was saying Phase4 http://derpy.me/lptZ0
00,02Spectrum_Rush|Zzz, XD
:D
:P
Like A Luna
That kerbal has some serious clipping hax on
Then i said ; ''Kerbal Are You Crazy?''
00,02now
00,02i'ma land then let Wrek take over
00,02on kerbin that is
Spectrum_Rush|Zzz: Luna repulic!
republic*
Phase4: sometime we need to fly into the sun
:(
The sun is a 2d object
That sucks
Typin to Phase like a bauws
It's like n64 all over again
So no more firey than usual
this looks like it was a succesful mission
00,02and i still have most of that tank left
00,02alexxm, it was
so they can probably make it back to earth then
Or even kerbarrrrs
Alex even when they get to earth they will still have most of a tank
damn how much fuel did they have
This is gonna take years, i btter go take a dragon nap
Better*
actually Kerbarb = Mars???
Phase4: think you'll be able to land it with the landing apparatus still on, with fuel?'
ok then
00,02Spectrum_Rush|Zzz, cant
00,02too heavy
00,02i seperated a while ago
dang
Mmmmm
cereal
anyway he now has a whole bunch of orbital fuel tanks
I can't wait till the Tribes Ascend servers get back up, New update rolling out sometime today,
huh does that mean he can refuel in space
not this patch but I think they're planning it
That's not in the game yet, but it might come later
05back
Welcome back Wrek :D
05killerpony can you log on MC and fill this hole?
00,02for a moment there i thought it'd have enough momentum to escape again
00,02even with the chute out
i just got done shooting my reaction to Slender i must dont Ever Play The Game
Wrek: Alright gimme a sec
nice demoman cameo
00,02Successfull phase is successfull
Successful Mission parrty!!!1
00,02second kerbin->minmus->mun->kerbin flight
00,02and this time they survived
/) /)
(\ (\
/) /)
Props to phase :)
(\ (\
Nice
congrats
Phase4: /)
Phase4 Thanks for the stream. It was awesome as always.
00,02(\
Phase4: /)*(\
Thanks for the stream Phase4!
:)
Phase4: you should be in nasa for the amazing work you do
hmmm
hevermind
nevermind*
Phase4 http://www.ponyconau.com/
05so
05who is ready for music?
00,02>new south wales
00,02:(
/me 00,02is in victoria
Wrek I wouldn'tmind some
Wrek: All good
/me cheers
pffft! it's still the closest convention
00,02true
00,02and 2013, can probably save up for a plane trip
/me 00,02is not taking a train to sydney
:I
/me has been on a train
Wrek: what band is this?
00,02Biglaw, as have i
00,02hence the desire to not do so
Alright, shower time
05Flyboy: a great one
my Aunt did it while we were there just to see us
And trains are okay-ish
this band sounds good
00,02Biglaw, not if you cant sleep during the trip
00,02heck of a voice on that guy
Phase4 train rides are alright, so long as they don't exceed 4 hours
00,02yeah
because then I get bored
00,02its 8 hours to sydney iirc
=_=
dats long
And now,
brb
thats a long trip
00,02slow train
andi'm betting it's about the same price as a flight
00,02significantly cheeper
Phase4: Are you in Sydney? I forget :|
Ah.
Ok you can get a flight for $60. twice as much for the train
DUBSTEP
so train ride ($120)
05where i live train/fligth cost more or les equally
how are my chancec of ever seeing a Kamelot concert on here ? ^^
Mutterguy: There was. Many years ago :|
TrixieMuffins i never heard of them are they good
05this group is awesome
05and TrixieMuffins if i fidn one it'll be on
/me gives Wrek all the wubs
i remember! i went on it once. it was about the same time you get Cherry coke. mum sent me on the train to stay at my Grandma's
alexxm: Roy Kahn has an amazing voice , after he left , i didnt really care
Mutterguy: I actually saw cherry coke at a shop in a candy shop in one of the chch malls I think. It was alright :o
XAX: cherry coke is amazing
Hi dudes! :)
this was when you could get everywhere. I think it lasted for 2 years
What is wrek streaming this time?
hey MegaMoonShine!
cherry coke is my favorite coke , burn in hellvanilla and lemon coke
Mutterguy: I remember when vanilla coke was buyable everywhere, and it came in cans :l
but Cherry is a kinda meh taste for Kiwis
me too
how you doing MegaMoonShine
Fine alexxm, thanks
Mutterguy: Wasn't that long ago for you though, I guess. Im only 15.
05gona put on the speakers
05>:3
I just got back from the UK, iand I tried some and thought WTF and was hooked
05cause these guys are awesome
Who is this band, Wrek?
so what did you do over here Mutterguy
05avantasia, its a collab group lead by the singer from edguy
i Did my GCSEs (fat lot of good that did me)
No Dad was working for SITA AS A COMPUTER CONTRACTER FOR THE MOST PART
ooops
you have great taste in music Wrel
you have great taste in music Wrek
I've never heard of these guys before
i haven't either but they sound good
Yeah
I love finding new sounds :)
05peopel from black sabbath, symphony X, within temptation, scorpians and many more are working in this collab group
motorhead i mean*
Aaaand I am back from mah shower
Wb Biglaw :)
must have been awesome to be there for this
but alexxm if you send M&S piggies and a Box of Diam bars... well...
Mutterguy what
I'd at least pay for the costs + T-shirt
05i think you guys will love the final concert i got planned for this session ;3
/me misses the Marks and Spencers piggies
or the lemon fish
ok then Mutterguy what piggies are you talking about
The gummy ones you can get
eh i might need to find a link
i think i now the ones you mean
sorry i meant percy pig
http://www.dooyoo.co.uk/food/marks-spencer-percy-pigs/1277639/
oh yeah i remember those
/me has one of those things that you wear around your neck on long trips on his head
05too bad so few are online for concert hour ^_^ oh well
05cause this song is awesome
well it is midday in england
and the kiwis should be going to bed soon
I'm listening to the concert, I'm just away from the computer a lot, tidying up my apartment :3
so I appreciate the stream even if I'm not very active in the chat at the moment :P
same here
im making music shh
Yep, Watching stream and helping wrek in MC so not that active in chat either
ooh could I join the MC server? haven't played in a while
Mutterguy: Ask wrek,
He may need some extra help.
I am assuming it's minecraft
Yep
i haven't really gotten around to playing minecraft yet is it good
Wrek? can I join?
Mutterguy: Best PM him
okay guys i needs to go
going to blaze castle :)
bye BronyInstrumental
laters!
aww nuts he's gone
must have been awesome to have been there
I have been to a linkin park concert back in october in 2010
:)
Wrek: I would happily watch if I weren't in bed and only had my iPod to be here on.
It was awesome to see my favorite band play
i has new song
YYYEEEEAAAH! FAST SONGS!
so whats on stream
a concert
pony_5790: Concert stream more or less
ok... in Theory I'm at the GalaCon :( ... I have a Theoretical Driver, theoretical Ticket, and a Theoretical Place to stay XD
[wklmjhe]JRP2234 can I hear it?
why?
[wklmjhe]JRP2234 because I want to :P
Lil_B theoretical Cosplay? :P
Lil_B: :D so much theory!
Lil_B all the theory
Mutterguy Its my first Con ever XD I will not do any Cosplay XD
in fact you should Cosplay a theory. It's just as easy as winning at art
Lil_B: you should take pics of good cosplayers though :D
not just a school science theory but a major one like gravity or evolution
Lil_B: BUCK is also going to be my first con will attend to so yeah :D
Lil_B: I still might be at BUCK
dose gestures
MadSurge: Orrly? you can end up meeting me bud :P
Lil_B: So we might meet after all :D
MadSurge I'm not going to BUCK :/ that would be too much money for me
killerpony7733: yeah but it's all theory so far, must book ticket, flight and hostel :D
Lil_B: it's okay :P
i don't think i could afford BUCK eiter
MadSurge: I'm actually pretty set on most details, Just need to be sure of the money
Living in europe has advantages after all :D
Lil_B: that's awesome, be sure to tell us how awesome it was
killerpony7733: I just asked him about the tickets and he said "we stil have lots of them"
MadSurge: Well all i hope for is he can keep one around for me,
Wrek is in a musical mood lately. Mi piace :D
Yep, He is alos AFK i think
also'
killerpony7733 could you ask Wrek in game? he hasn't replied to my pm
Mutterguy: He is AFK ingame too so, Yep
killerpony7733: I dunno if I'll get any pony merch though, my parents might be baffled :D
Lil_B: yeah I received that :)
ok no problem. I'm liable to go to bed soon though
how come
OMG YES tribes has released the new update! :O
whats the new update
epic music is epic
Twinfusor
what does that do
Update to a map two or one new map, A new weapon ''twinfusor'' which is a spinfusor that shoots two fusors in succession but does less damage etc
with light medium and heavy variations of it
night night
BOOKS.
is my internet out again?
Shh, everyone say nothing, then Lil_B will think something is wrong with his Internet.
Come on tribes update faster!
i don't think so LilB
Then everyone died
Chat is dead, long live the chat.
Hey guys!!
:3
Hello.
hey Emmie how've you been
Pretty good for the last hour ^^
I uploaded a video on my youtube
Pretty shite for the one before that?
Emmie: Oi
before the one*
http://www.youtube.com/user/8BitEmmie
If anyone wants to check it out :/
Emmie: ........
Wait, I just realised I have no idea what I said.
<_<
Emmie: Sure, but there's a stream going on right now.
>_>
I know, Kammerjunk, I'm not forcing anyone. XD
Emmie: Ask a mod and plus it's youtube so that's a bit silly of you :D
Emmie: Yeah, but no video links when stream.
Emmie: Youtube links=not allowed during streams+advertising so yeah :(
Kammerjunk Oh. Sorry D: Noone click it
Too late! Ha ha!
-.-
hai.
Emmie: I'm posting and you can't stop me.
Emmie: You sound either very young or you are girl with a kid like voice
:D
I just have a high voice D:
I'm 14, though
I wish my voice was higher. People can't understand what the hell I say.
well i sound like a 5-year-old girl =n=
Kammerjunk: I kinda have a light deep ish voice, But anything that says high notes or something like that i simply can't
best retcon explantion ever "well there is"
Emmie: I can easily understand why though, It closely resembles one
killerpony7733 resembles what? a 5-year-old?
killerpony7733: I cringe when I hear myself imitate a girl, but HEYYEYAAEYAAAEYAEYAA is so fun to sing.
And strangely easy.
Emmie: A girl around the age of 10 or so,
D: well that sucks
do i sound annoying?
Kammerjunk: I can however make really creepy voices
im pretty insecure about my voice though, i was talking slightly higher than i normally do
Emmie: Not really, As long as you don't talk extremely randomly should be k
Kammerjunk, best thing do to is the Women from the Spam sketch
just because i hate hearing myself talk
Emmie: I wouldn't say you sound annoying.
'I DON'T LIKE SPAM!'
Mutterguy: That sketch is awesome.
the video's out of sync anyway D:
im thinking about deleting it
and re-uploading it with the pitch lowered slightly in audicity
/me ponders if he could ever take over and play Touhou 1-13... <.<
=n=''
Emmie: You still won't be able to stop me from posting.
posting what, kammerjunk?
Emmie: Posting in brepid ead.
oic.
whats brepid ead <-<
Vordox are the touhou games good
Emmie: Also, you should probably reupload anyway, since syncing is silly.
alexxm: They are good if you like challene
And memory
And torture
And abuse
Emmie: I honestly have no idea what brepid ead is.
i thought it was a thing, kammerjunk
Vordox oh yeah they're bullet hell games aren't they
yeah, ill re-upload
alexxm: Very much so
brbrbrbrzles
whatup
Here's a little secret: The Earth is round. THERE IS NO UP OR DOWN.
there is up and down
No, because the Earth is round.
Kammerjunk: but there is this way and that way
up and down is relative, but there definately is
Well, yeah, there's this way and that way and all around directions, but no up and down.
(It's a Pinkie Pie quote, guys)
Kammerjunk: Pinkie at her best /)
(\
so what are we watching?
Concerts and stuff.
Epicness
they should wear more black
is the chat ded
yeh.. no one ever chats when music is playing
Kammerjunk, Due to the effects of gravity, i politely disagree
Mutterguy: You're telling me a Pinkie Pie quote is wrong because gravity.
Emphasis on Pinkie Pie.
yes because we're on Earth, not Equestria
kammerjunk im embarressed nao ;n;
screw physics its pinkie pie
Mutterguy: ...Yeah?
how young do i sound?
different physics man!!!!
Mutterguy: It's Pinkie Pie, man!
She don't give a damn!
Emmie: I wouldn't know. I mean, I know some girls at my age who sound like that.
yes but I'm saying Equestrian reality permits her to all those crazy things. here she'd just land flat on her bottom! with a cute little squeak
kammerjunk oh. okay. ;) at least i dont sound manly.
*do
Mutterguy: But she still breaks the 4th wall.
then clearly she's surpassed mortality and is thus a goddess
I'll get the candles
Iunno we might need to work on that...
'may her smile be upon you'?
Yes, I like that.
YES
FINALLY
PROGRESS
Oh hi, Vordox.
suitably reverent I guess?
Hai Kammerjunk
I finally solved something in flash...
MIRACLEZ
.... wtf kick? =P
How many kicks before ban?
I don't even know if that's enabled.
i think its 3 kicks in 10 minutes Vordox
Oh I should be fine then
None. they're just score keeping i think
thats at least what it was when i started coming here Vordox
or has that changed?
If I get banned from here even once, I'll not come back. ._.
They totally are competing for kicks.
I should have been asleep for 8 hours ago...
._. What am I doing with myself.
bet theyy have a score sheet and everything
you were passing the night trying to get flash to work.
Mutterguy: Oh yeah
And I finally finished One hurdle.
Hey everypony!
Just 300000 more to go before Rhythm is Magic MIGHT work
=P
hey BronyJenkins how've you been
Where is a flash expert when ya need one
Im great, alexxm. How about you?
i'm good BronyJenkins
Awesome. :)
yay farewell now
Brb, gotta cook some lunch.
this was a great concert
Damn it can't have a personality cult without a name.
Yay won a match of tribes and had highest kill score :D
Damn i love the raider with plasma and the NJB-5
killerpony7733 congrats
Is wrek still AFK?
dat solo
^-^
Hello.
Hi.
What is this?
The thing that's streaming, I mean
Some form of recoreded live concert.
Book1Chapter3 and Lo, her grace did say'th to her campanions 'and thus I proclaimed 'Oatmeal? have thy wits been scattered to the four winds!
recorded*
hai Ethereal
Back, just had to refresh
Mutterguy: I approve this adaptation.
Which concert is this?
No idea actually
avantasia
Holy crap, I really like Avantasia! How the hell did I not recognize this??
hey Ethereal how've you been
Decent I guess.
you?
love that crowdshot : Yeaahh.....i have no idea who that is ....
hai everypony :3
3Guys...
o_O
SlurryMoon: Hiya :)
hi SlurryMoon
GET ON WITH IT FFS
3I just found out that there's an anime of Hercule Poirot
3I need to stream that
Awesome :D
3Poirot of all things
3this is going to be so awesome
is it good
Hercule Poirot anime? Oh dear.
Mon ami
Me and Kammerjunk have just formerly proclaimed Pinkie pie a goddesss
00,03Have YOU heard of that guy?
And you will know Her name is the Law when she lays her laugh upon thee.
Scoot-Scootaloo: No have you? :O
is it good SlurryMoon
isnt Hercule Poirot a fat belgian less awesome sherlock holmes ? ^^
He's not a french guy, that's for sure
00,03lolno, I don't know :p
Pff, muaic again
3we'll see alexxm
Scoot-Scootaloo: Yay for not knowing that guy! :D
SOMEONE I RECOGNIZE AT LAST
00,03Also, mornin' y'all
oh we need to compile the commandments!!!
hai scoots
Mutterguy, Thou shalt not leave the 4th wall unbroken.
3Hercule Poirot is less acrobatic, but much more awesome imo than Sherlock Holmes. But that's just because I love reading Poirot books.
Thy shall not break a Pinkie pie Promise!
but he is belgian ? right ?
3And yes, he has an egg shaped head and a cool mustache. He's a rather stout Belgium fellow who loves to work his "Little grey cells"
Scoot-Scootaloo: Ya heard tara has set up a youtube account!?!!? :O
3Belgian*
Yeah, he's Belgian I believe
3but yes
yup
5 videos so far?
Mutterguy: Yeah,
i saw humanized DJ Pon-3 in the crowd ^^
has anyone done a gregorian chant of 'giggle at the ghosties' yet?
TrixieMuffins: :D
What song is this? ._. I didn't hear him..
Mutterguy that sounds intresting
05awesome concert so far
you've got good taste Wrek
Ethereal: Sign of the Cross
Thanks
Wrek: Wb, i was wondering where you wen't
:D
yay, got mah new headphones
05i was napping enjoying the music ^_^
Mutterguy: since wrek is back you could go ask if you could help him and me
Aaaand I'm back
its huge and a bit warm during summer but it sounds great
suddenly 7 angels ^^
Wrek: your taste in music is exquisit! Wb by the way, did you enjoy the nap?
Ughhh I might go to bed now
Who's playing now?
Hey MegaMoonShine!
05gona lay down for a little while more
Ah
fire will burn us away
05i will definetly be back for the final show of my stream ;3
I think I saw a hungarian flag. Where is/was this? Still Wacken?
Wea re the seven , judgement from heaven , why dont they know ? we are the angels. this revelation , soul castigation , fire will burn us away!
this is The Flying Opera, right?
so i played slender...
:)
Just came back from walking the dog. My god! It is burning up outside!
how was it herostar_Discorded
crap it seems so far the gregorian chanting and pinky pie has to equal Cupcakes
alexxm it wasnt that bad. im thinking of recording it or streaming it if anypony
'is interested
record slender for bronystate. that would be sweet :P
it would be so much easier to stream it, my rec. system only goes for 10 minutes :(
yay my commission is done
what concert is this
Wohoooooo Blind Guardian!
Starchaser: Oh what type?
I hear Nightfall in Middle Earth :O
Starchaser: That's pretty cool
/me approves very much of this
3well, good news and bad news. I found a copy of the Poirot anime finally. At least one with seeds. But the thing is... this one has the most amount of seeds I've found on the internet, which is 1. It has one seed.
jumping up and down
3oh, now it has 2, ain't that lovely
what does that mean SlurryMoon
first power metal band i found
3good thing I have a relatively fast internet, should take 8 hours to finish downloading
3And honestly, I don't know the definition of Seeds in torrenting programs
I used to listen a LOT to this band :)
I haz returned. :3
3it just seems that the more you have, the faster it downloads
a seed is a guy uploading the stuff you want , the more there are the faster/more reliably you can download the whole thing
sigh! Luna gets Gregorian chant but Pinkie doesn't!
SlurryMoon: a seeder is a person who has finished downloading the whole torrent and keeps it running so others can download from them, I think
/me flips a table
3anyway, I'm going to take a nap. If LunaTheBeloved comes online, tell her to shoot me an email.
take carey SlurryMoon
morning, everypony :)
how you doing Sylandest
good morning Sylandest :3
alexxm: im doing well, hehe. Just woke up a short while ago
morning, Hrafn!
Morning Sylandest :)
Hey everypony. :)
dat crowd
Hey BronyJenkins- :)
hai BronyJenkins-
hey BronyJenkins- what have you been up to
hi BronyJenkins-
How are you all?
i'm good BronyJenkins- how about you
And Im just going to the bank, enjoying the sun. Yeah, Im great.
:)Sylandest: Afternoon from here
doing good here, just half-assedly tidying my apartment :)
/me hugs MegaMoonShine and killerpony7733 "ahh, duly noted, hehe"
Aweshuum
mornin' *yawn*
/me hugs everyone
mornin' ekips :)
:D
/me hugs Ethereal back
Im british. :)
same here
Most people within the CET time it's 3 PM or so
1/8 British here!
I'm British
^-^
Yo
Danish
:P
Swedish :3
I'm British somewhere in my blood...
Yes?
im australian its 11.00 on wensday
pm
Ponies WORLDWIDE! :3
and thus I had no internet again for 90 min :O
D:
how come Lil_B
lol
Oh my...
at least it doesn't seem like I missed anything, Chat is going rather slow in this week :/
Yeah, ikr
i thought this was guitar hero or something for a second there XD
Guitar Hero brought me into Hard Rock and metal :/
im new to this site what exactly goes on here other than streems
i got into metal on my own
same with hard rock
Welcome Iamabrony :)
I have no idea where my ancestors are from.
Iamabrony: chatting?
i love the wah effect on the guitar
Iamabrony: Welcome and a quick question, Have you read the rules and FAQ?
Jim: my ancestors were the governors of Texas
Iamabrony pretty much anything you might want to read the rules though
Iamabrony Fridays is Movie Night and on Saturday it will be repeated for European Bronies, and Live-Streams of new M;LP Episodes on Saturdays :)
back in the Republic :)
ima record slender, brb
thank you
Iamabrony: Have you read the rules and FAQ yet?
Hey there Iamabrony. We stream movies, webcam, ponies, youtube etc and chat.
indeed
Meh, he left.
:3
Maybe he wen't to read the rules and FAQ?
whats been going on you guys?
Probably to go read the rules :S
Ppssibly.
Though his name is rather silly,
yeah
Oh he is back
:P
Awesome.
sorry about that im back
i need to read the rules
Its alright. :)
"Terracotta-Terracotta-Terracotta-Terracotta PIE!!!"
Iamabrony: Ah good to know, Just stick to em and you will be fine,
i follow those rules anyway im not in to rule 34 MLP
that specific part of the fanbase intrugies me.
i would like to learn more about the 'clopper'
Let's not discuss this in mane chat please
yes sir
EEYUP
Yeah, its really... Odd.
so, hows silly is dem ponehs?
Bacon[Hazard]: verily
well.....they're..um:P
Vewy
Iamabrony: Anyway, We are a very friendly bunch so hope you enjoy being around and discussing things, Also a slight suggestion get a more memorable username :)
seen any good poni vids lately?
nope
i will get a rememerable usernmae lets think.......
still waiting for me to get home so I can actually watch youtube videos + the stream
connection is too shitty here
i have seen the children of the night vid on youtube
Iamabrony: When you got one in your head type /nick ''username you thought of''
Jim: that sucks pretty damn badly
going home in 5 hours, finally after two weeks
Iamabrony: Yep most of us have, It's something many of us are looking forward to
I currently don't have internet at home so I have to come to my Gma's hawse to use her computers
Jim: what were you doing? Vacation, excavation, irritation?
Work, on a ship
cool
Im going into the bank, I'll brb.
Awesome Jim
deadliest catch?
lol
Just kidding
not really, we transport cargo, mostly asphalt or rocks
oh that must be fun
like a big, sea ridden truck?
kinda like that
dont get trapped under any rocks or anything
Back. Twas quick. :3
:D
chat derped
sup alexxm
Well...
My Little Dashie made me cry....
not much Bacon[Hazord] you
guys i am iamabrony that is wierd saying
alexxm: nothing much :P
Now it's strange listening to this music after crying :D
AdamTheDuck: me too :( I listened to the Dramatic Reading first
well if you have seen epic meal time bacon is a god
Lol, alrighyy allponies
this is the ship I'm on http://i.imgur.com/Bzsig.jpg
allponiesarebestponi: yes. I am God.
Well... Was it Wrek's pony that is the one who paints?
looks very nice out there
hi guys
Awesome ship!
i changed my name to something more factual
get sea sick yet?
yeah, when the weather is nice, it's kinda nice here
hey linx how've you been
Haven't had that rough weather, so I'm not getting sea sick
alexxm: great u?
alright :3
yee be a pirate? (i love pirates)
i'm good linx
Its scorching over here. :3
allponiesarebestponi, Yarr
well alexxm thats good
Pipsqueak Approved.
be a pirate is what yee be
linx: Hiya :)
dat Bronysith
hi killerpony7733 :)
/me licks Jim
/me glomps Wrek
Is allponiesarebestponi iamabrony? was away for a sec so i don't know
killerpony7733, Aye
Bronysith: Oi, :P
killerpony7733: Yes
i am
Yeah.
hey brony-FOREVER
screw you TAB...
hey Bronysith
allponiesarebestponi: I'm curious how did you find out about bronystate?
who's the band?
i found about it on a brony documentary the autors name is Saberispunk or something and he referenced you
linx: Blind Guardian
cool
well the site i mean
allponiesarebestponi: I found out on Youtube
allponiesarebestponi: Ah ballad of the brony, So many people who seen the video and decided to join here, :)
allponiesarebestponi: Saberspark you mean?
yes
with that reaction video
How did everypony else find this site?
http://cheezburger.com/6453444608 omg wtf?
yeah i saw it on blallad of the brony too
I find it funny that a lot of people find it from that video or the derpy reaction video
i watch it like all the time so i finally decided to come and check the site out
I did a google search for brony streams or something
i just searched brony in google
BronyJenkins-: lol yeah pretty much from Ballad of the Brony as werll
BronyJenkins-: Think it was either ballad of the brony of something like that, But i believe i peeked in around bronystate before 2012
I first came here to watch the season finale live
Awesome.
sweet
Best day ever! :$
:D
You should have been here when the derpy episode was first viewed
it was madness
Ikr Jim :D
omg the explosion during derpy
When I found this site, I was like: "Then he started doin' like, the HUSTLE." *does the hustle*
they should try to get Rainbowdash's "so awesome face on the smiley button
Funny how it's commonly refered to "The Derpy Episode" while it's in reality is an AJ episode
00,03We get 5 seconds of screen time from the Ballad, and people think we are cool :D
We ARE cool.
lol
A wild Scoots appeared! :O
it will ALWAYS be the derpy episode
allponiesarebestponi: Techinally a ton of smilies are made, But they only use a few here for one reason or the other
Scoots ninja'd in!
well that just makes you 20% cooler
oh ok 6_9 derp my mistake
single mothers suck for making Hasbro remake The Last Roundup :(
Yeah, I don't think Bronystate is resposable for which smileys is in the chat client
00,03I like Saber, we talk a lot! Except at Bronycon when we didn't even see each other :'(
Scoot-Scootaloo: nice friend making!
i missed bronycon :(
I'm all good. its still the original on the DVD copy
^
only the reruns on tv will be the
new one*
i have read Scoots name im just saying here you can disagree with me but who here thinks Scootaloo is an orphan?
the originals on the internets as well
allponiesarebestponi: yeah i thaught that
allponiesarebestponi: I think maybe she ran away or something
allponiesarebestponi: she was raised by chickens
yup. long live bronyism. love and tolerate my friends
We might find out in s3
be kind of cool
whao wait, isn't scoot dashie's sister?
can't wait for s3
00,03Nope
Not canon
There had damn well better be a Scootaloo episode :|
Nope.avi
lets hope it would make a realy good lesson
Mind = blown
why isnt scoot in flying school like RBD and Fluttershy was?
^
Maybe she can't afford it RD4Life
yeah ^
or her parents need to sign her up
well its hard to pay for school with corn seed
:D
Ello there, we're watching music again?
:$
how can you watch music?
Hai Malavolent :)
Jim: That's the joke.
hai Malavolent ^ ^
watch a concert
Jim: WIth your imagination!
Do the HUSTLE!
/me does the hustle
/me spins
RD4Life: thats the best story i have ever had the displeasure of almost not reading
/me continues walking
how you doing Malavolent
apllebloom sweeite pie and scootaloo play tag fluttershy and rarity join
alexxm: I'm fine, how about you?
i'm good Malavolent
RD4Life: Suddenly Rainbow Dash arrives with a letter from Princess Celestia
got it from memebase. made me chuckle. im not into the fanfics. only read my little dashie. many a manly tear was shed
Have you seen the MLD visual novel?
It looks pretty promising.
i love MLD
as do I
it does look well made
it made me cry:'(
the visual
Oh god, visual mld to make me cry moar.
i also read cupcakes and had nightmares
Yeah, sad music and stuff.
Cupcakes was the first fanfic I ever read :D
Sadly, only few of fanfics are actually enjoyable.
allponiesarebestponi: Rainbow factory is sitting on my desktop... To read or not to read? xD
oh god
after MLD i promised i wouldnt read anymore stuff that made my dashie hurt
so i havent read cupcakes
i read it but didn't like ti much
never read rainbow factory what is it about
RD4Life: YOU'VE HAD THAT LUXURY!
allponiesarebestponi: Do you like Rainbow Dash?...
I want to read rainbow factory but ive heard its not great.
yes
allponiesarebestponi: Don't even look at it.. :S
Rainbow factory is very good fanfic. Well written.
Lol.
I read rainbow factory too. And sweet apple massacre :P
i like the song on youtube
"Am I not supposed to have what I want?" *throws MLD into a flaming fireball* "RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!"
ok i still like Pinkie after cupckaes
Okay, Ill read it soon. Woodentoasters song about it is. Awesome.
00,03Rainbow Dash was my 2nd favorite pony after I read MLD...
In the rainbow factory... Where your dreams and horrors come true...
build a rainbow workshop
/me come at me bro!
RD4Life: RD4Life when you get a chance, watch ONIICHAN.AVI.WMV on youtube. funny crap :D
In the rainbow factory... where not a single soul gets through...
crush
Rev up those fanfics! Because I am sure hungry for one- MY LEG!
kill
destroy
swag
00,03NOPE
00,03Damn...
chuck testa?
not today
Dun DUDUN Dun DUDUN Dadada Dun DUDUN
Nice try.
sorry
had to
Lol. :3
00,03So many people said it during bronycon...
lol and I still have no idea what swag is
ive seen that vid
Once upon a time, there was an ugly fanfic. That fanfic was so ugly, everyone died. THE END-
AdamTheDuck: wat
lolwut o.0
Jim: But what was the fanfic?
Jim: i can do that
this concert is STILL going on? >3<
and hi guys.
hai Emmie
ohai Emmie
Concerts are long
hi Emmie :)
i do try to love and tolerate everypony. but those who hurt dashie and/or make fluttershy cry go on the hitlist
Aaaaaaaand I'm back home.
hey Emmie how've you been
welcome home BronyJenkins-
Welcome back BronyJenkins-
00,03Vive Le France!
alexxm: Fan--fucking--toastic.
how you doing BronyJenkins-
i am back had to clean my baid
Yum, toasts.
i made myself an egg
Leedle leedle lee
MUFFIN :P<3
MUFFIN!!!!
Scoot-Scootaloo: Viva l'Italia!
Muffin? Where?! :O
I been here the whole time. ;_; but on irc.
:D
that pony is taking two long drawing twilight sparkle <u<
BronyJenkins-: I'm lurking too :D
*too
lurk lurk
i wish i could draw
drawings pretty easy :P
Emmie she keeps fliping pages it loses concentration
Emmie: it's Wrek's OC, and he just wants to be precise :D
Alright, I can type faster now.
i did not get that gift. i can cook anything though culinary school was good move
You gotta wonder, how many pages does that book have?
anyone wanna see my oc?
i typed this in 5 seconds
Brb
Emmie: oc?
yes, please link please for me please
Emmie: Sure, go ahead :)
AdamTheDuck: Original Character ^^
Link us! :D
Emmie: Oh cool, yeah sure why not :)
00,03As long as it's not a video link...
here, ill post mine too
It's not, Scoot-Scootaloo u-u''
nice :)
Aweshum!
Emmie: D'awwww
00,03kk ^^
^____^
only a matter of time before there is a brony music tour. many a ticket will be sold
RD4Life I will sooo go there :D
I heard youncan now Craft Nokia Phones in Minecraft by combining Bedrock
WoodenToaster tour.
Lil_B: I see what u did thar!
there's mine :3
Kewl! :O
Oh, that's cool, Bacon. Pony Maker? o3o
i would give up my laptop to see 20% cooler preformed live
yes indeed
Bacon[Hazard] I like teh Cute_amrk XD
I cannot draw :(
Scoot-Scootaloo: Oh allponiesarebestponi is a newcomer to the site,
Either that or I've played too much Fallout
wanna see my OC?
:)
he's kind of an Arsonist :D
Tactical pony inbound!
yes please
Lil_B: Sure :P
AdamTheDuck: i love Fallout 3
Show us Lil_B :)
00,03Ah, welcome allponiesarebestponi! Be sure to read the rules! We wouldn't want you to get in trouble~ Please enjoy your stay!
Hundreds of hours were spent looting every corner of DC Wasteland...
lol is it weird that anytime somepony says somebody i want to correct them?
welll...rd34life, none of us happen to be ponies.
N64 controller! YAY!
eue''
Cool OC, Lil_B! :3
thats an epic OC Lil_B
Lil_B: Looks awesome hehe earth ponies :D
....not sure if you just referenced me to rule 34 or not....:(
Oh cool, n64 for the win!
killerpony7733 that is my how he actually looks thou XD http://i.imgur.com/Ah1jd.gif
/me starts playing Amnesia D:
^^RD4LIFE LOL WHAT XD
Unicorns and Pegasi are overrated
animation is not yet fully finished
D:
that's a cool desktop pony
you said rd34life. i was sad
O_____0
Lil_B: yay for desktop ponies!
Bacon[Hazard]: Honestly it's up to the OC maker what type of pony they want to be
Jim thanks
Oh wow, Lil_B, how'd you make that?
I'm working on my OC Desktop pony right now. >-<
Lil_B: Your OC knows how to catch his glasses :D
killerpony7733: i know. it's jsut my opinion, even though I like Luna the best (who is both)
cant wait to see it Emmie
Emmie fram by frame in Paint, then Imported it into Animation Shop wo make the gif
Emmie can i see it when its done
Great work, then, Lil_B.
killerpony7733 My laboratory safty-Goggles always slide down in RL too :P
Looks awesome.
just me or did anypony else want mare do well to be luna to teach RBD a lesson in humility?
RD4Life: If someone mentioned R34 you would notice, If people discuss it here they usually get a warning so don't expect it here
Lil_B: very smooth animation
Bacon[Hazard] 50 frames XD
RD4Life: would have been a twist
Lil_B: Can you actually make OC sprites?
a*
Lil_B: well, thats a ton (is it? i don't know?)
blinky blinky :P
killerpony7733 I can make a a spire, but not a whole animation, thats too much work at the moment
Emmie cool
Lil_B: Ah, I would do anything for getting a sprite of my OC >_<
Bacon[Hazard] yes, thats a longer animation for a Desktop Pony I think
i think it is too
RD4Life: THey're only used during movies
Or during new episodes
oh thats it then.
RD4Life: Nope, Side channels are open during movie nights, Else other channels can only be joined if you find them on a channel list
Well I'm beat, time to hit the hay. Night guys :)
Bacon[Hazard] But I think Wrek's OC for example has 50 frams just for sitting and puffing the ciggaret
my ew rec software disagrees with slender v_v cant record it and i've tried twice...
Night AdamTheDuck :)
i think i've soiled myself enough...
Lil_B: i need to get into animation and drawing v.v
all the links to download are broken
RD4Life: links to what?
slender
Oh
Bacon[Hazard] making the animation is a lot of work, but the hard part is learning the programms :/
RD4Life add Herostar_Discorded on skype and i can send it to ya, it'sa zip file
i would first have to make a skype account
Lil_B: "I hate software."
-_- why don't people have skype these days?
Anyway, Think i'll take a match of Tribes Ascend quick or something also herostar_Discorded I got skype :P
Why is everyone so excited about Slender? Ghoul's Forest games were better :D
cause im convinced my laptop is just a glorified toaster
MadSurge: Meh, It's like amnesia people liked it due to the fact you have no way to fight and you gotta think and be careful
skype teamspeak disagree with them. vent works great though
Bacon[Hazard] actually you can just Use GIMP for everything, but you'll have to find out EVERYTHING GIMP can do :/ I may search for a better solution later, maybe check some topics about how other people make Desktop Ponies
Anyway's quick match of tribes ascend for me now, Brb in a bit everypony
killerpony7733: think? All I've seen was "get paper, run like a beheaded chicken :D"
Lil_B: "But I want it NOOOOOOWW"
Bacon[Hazard] NO!.jpeg
Bacon[Hazard] that made me feel better after 1 hour straight of slender ^^
:D
your welcome!
need brony convo app for iOS. would be great just a live thread community. kinda like this
-reads paper-
hmm, interesting fanfic.
anywhom, who's streaming the concert?
or not streaming anymore...
or my internet messed up- ok im just gonna shut up now >_<
i want to go to everfree northwest
herostar_Discorded wrek
whats everfree northwest
Ok, my Plans for New Years Eve are set XD
i need to make a custom desktop pony... brb wiki
I'm gonna play "The Last hour" From majoras Mask :)
brony convention in seattle
Lil_B: GENIUS! :O
like bronycon for the west coast
sounds fun
MegaMoonShine I started this year with Terraria and The Appleck theme from Fighting is Magic XD
chat is so dead?!
i have no idea what i'm going to do new years
kinda
Unrelated: I'm listening to Ayreon
:3
alexxm, PARTY HARD
other than that
:O
ello everyone
"if you wish zo make an apple pie from scratch you must first Invert the universe" - Carl Sagan
hai Thrackerzod
/me makes the universe from scratch
Now what?
Two tablespoons of sugar?
this is the last song
that I will dedicate to you
it is over 10mins
Jim no, you had to Invert the Iniverse... do it over again!
Oh dear...
invert*
I've been dreamin I've been waitin to fly with those great ponies...
I just found out that Drake Bell is a brony.
esrevinu, what now?
I've inverted universe, now we can begin baking?
Man, baking with Pinkie Pie is much more fun than this
Spell-of-Gaming the kid from drake and josh?
Then you just break the universe
Yup
Jim But the Universe in the Oven and the Oven in the Microfave, Stirr everything
whoa
mind=blown
its not easy to make Apple Pie nowerdays :(
Strawberry pie is better, anyway.
is that even a thing?
Oh god yes.
It is delicious.
Hey everypony
never had that, sounds funky
hai Very_Silly_Filly
Oh hi, Very_Silly_Filly.
Seriously, man, strawberry pie is like the third best thing ever.
The second best thing being Coca Cola and the very best thing being ponies.
I don't like strawberries
I find Fructose much too sweet to bear
That's a shame. Strawberries are awesome.
Strawberrys :) *Drool*
hey everypony, i'm back from blaze castle! :)
Ahh bugger
Stretched my wrist too much again and now it's bleeding, brb
hai BronyInstrumental
hi BronyInstrumental :)
lalalalalalalalalala
hey BronyInstrumental :)
hey BronyInstrumental how've you been
Good morning y'all o/
hai rdash
i've been better, alexxm, but i'm good
hi rdash
hey rdash have you been well
i am back !!!!!!!!!!!!1
Chat derped :P
alexxm: not bad... been kinda busy... With me in charge of `Luna`/`Celestia`/`Derpy` now, this oughta be real fun :3
alexxm: Jayden handed over all his bots to me since he's too busy apparently...
what bots did he have rdash
alexxm: the ones i just said
waht are bots
oh ok rdash sorry
alexxm: lol its ok :P
Back with a plastuh and a pizza :)
Wait
Wb Very_Silly_Filly :)
who just said pizza... >_>
<_<
Not me...*liejack*
O_O
LIAR! XD
Hide it, quick! :O
Sad fact: I shall not be here when the glorious Flash Gordon, the legendary B movie, to be seen here oN Saturday. D:
Me sad
MegaMoonShine: I need not hide it. I have sentries set up al around my room
So, what're we watching?
/me tackles Very_Silly_Filly to the ground "better gimmie some of that >_>"
how come Vordox
/me shoots rdash in the face
awwww wtf?
rdash i agree
im dead now :(
I'm always armed, remember that :)
alexxm: Anime Convention, biggest in Sweden, and most likely top 10 in Europe
NOOOOOOOOOO
Noted.
/me uses ressurection spell on rdash
/me is still dead
XO
/me goes back to adorable mode and eatls pizzaadorabally
try to resurect rdash with cuteness:'(
XD
wut?
cuteness?
oh lord /)_<
Ooh! It's time for me to make Beliebers butthurt on Twitter again!
rdash: what? works every time i do it :P
Cuteness is the solution to every problem!
*Sigh*
Derpdash: ok, whack me with cuteness (im still dead XD)
lol
yes i did;)
/me throws over a pair of defibrilators to MegaMoonShine
rdash: *TURBO DRIVE WHACK*
/me "Clear!" defibrilates rdash
use celestia magic to help
rdash: *watches as head flies off*
Woot Wrek
Isn't these the guys who did Valhalla?
how fast can Twi read
Derpdash: Hiya bud, Didn't see anything since i was playing tribes ascend
oh hey killerpony7733
There, now Jayden's bot should do good in here
Yay for MIRV spamming jugg indoors in tribes :D
!eastern
rdash - [Eastern Daylight Time]: Wednesday, July 25, 2012, 10:33:08 AM
what are bots :P
yep, she still works
a bot is a piece of software, designed to connect to an irc server that does whatever you want
from sending/receiving memos, games, you name it
`Celestia` is no exception
Hardly a AI however
oh thanks:)
at 3:00pm EDT, it will auto change to `Luna`
killerpony7733: It is an AI
As it has intellegence, it has the intellegence to do what you program it to do
if i learn to make desktop ponies and enjoy it, would i get asked to do custom ponies?
If i do a quick config edit of this bot and add #bronystate to the channel autojoin list, I can restart the bot, and have `Derpy` join too, which is the mail bot
Imagine having a fully fledged AI able to think and do things, Very_Silly_Filly In that regard this, But as in real thinking etc? nope
that painter must work for equestria daily
you can send and receive messages with it
herostar_Discorded probably :/
killerpony7733: You'll have to program it to think
Lil_B i'm learning right now :3
so basically its a ai that can get into personal buissness or am i over thinking this
herostar_Discorded I learned it 2 weeks agon :§ someone was kind anough to offer his time to teach me :)
Very_Silly_Filly: *facehoof* It can't think litterally it works in a set of commands and prorities, It cannot work outside that and adapt like humans would
herostar_Discorded whats your method?
brb everypony, im going ona quest to make a desktop pony...
adobe cs4, what the tutorial on the site is recommending
what band is this?
11,1 TO OPS: 0 You guys don't mind that being in here I hope? If you want it out, I'll make it leave
herostar_Discorded can you give this site real quick before you go?
yeah, cs4 isn't free..
plan = shot down untill i get a backup
herostar_Discorded I mean the tutorial
rdash: Think most mods are not exactly here atm, wrek is having a nap and heck if i know about the others
ah, mustve missed the colors portion of the rules >_<
ooops
send me a link, if it's free, i'll try it
rdash: bots are not allowed, http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
!leave
shana: thanks for the heads up... I havent quite gotten that far yet... still new here >_>
i better read them before i get in trouble >_<
i just reread the rules and im guessing a mod is someone in charge
no problem :)
mod = your personal god
allponiesarebestponi: it's short for moderator
better listen or else
allponiesarebestponi: Mod is just a way of saying admin,
ok thanks
^
allponiesarebestponi: They are both streamers and moderators of bronystate,
thankds
:P
stupid fingers
what are we watching?
this band need vinyl scratch
I miss Stephen_Magnet
allponiesarebestponi: what are these... "fingers" you speak of? :D
hooves soory:P
MadSurge: Yes ikr? :D
MadSurge: These things. *Takes off hooves to reveal fingers*
We all have huge buttons to even type
Very_Silly_Filly: BACK OFF MOLESTIA
Then again, I'm not a pony :3
:D
still not used to talking to bronies not many live around here
I can't use ANY of my firearms without not being a pony
allponiesarebestponi: where are you from?
allponiesarebestponi, You'd be surprised, bronies are almost everywhere
Very_Silly_Filly: Unicorns can operate guns
Northeast PA aka middle of nowhere
Jim that is correct.
the only brony near where i live is probably my best friend and i had to get him into the show
But my OC is a pegasus
Very_Silly_Filly: Same gotta love pegasi <3
And the real me is HUMANZ :3
Very_Silly_Filly: gun nut? Keep those things locked, plese :P
Wait, this rock thing is still going on?
alexxm same here
/me is asshamed he hasn't made an OC yet
"ashamed"
and she isnt to into the show that much
MadSurge: Don't worry, I am in perfect control of *accidently shoots gun and blows up Australia*....oops
Oh, hold on
my OC is an earth pony :3
That was my australia battle plan
MASF123, lol ass hammed
MASF123: I'm not ashamed :D
MASF123: What would you use an OC for, anyway?
Very_Silly_Filly: NOOO PHASE4 :D
Jim yeah I derped once again. :P
There seriously should be a survey one day where we count the ratio of earth/unicorn/pegasi OC's here
MadSurge: Don't worry, brah, it thankfully turned out to be a battle plan I shot
00,02?
Kammerjunk, like a personal avatar on the web. I owuld like one.
Phase4: Hiya!
what is OC
So Australia should still be here as long as I agree with "him"
Phase4: nothing :D
allponiesarebestponi: Origina Character
Original*
would. OMFG Think before posting MASF... :/
I think there are very little earth pony OCs
oh ok thank you
MASF123, You can't brain today either? I has the dumbs, you see.
^ me erryday
^ me constantly
MadSurge: Maybe, Maybe not can't really be known but yes not that much seen
Jim, Sorry I cn't brain today, my think isn't working right. :P
MASF123: I don't know what I would use one for. I don't draw art, I don't write music, I don't publish stories, I don't even use forums.
killerpony7733: we can't all be modest :D
Masf123 same here
MadSurge: I'm such a modest pony aren't? :$
i*
I dunno :D
this band need a DJ PON3
uhh what
...I think it is because I haven't slept at all today. I have to tell @SuperBrony64, that my insominia is getting worse and worse everyday.
oops sorry
lol
I wish we will see a Gene Simmons pony one day :D
:D
MASF123: Has it been going on for weeks?
Kammerjunk, I just want one for like a pony ego or like a mini me or like a ponified version of myself.
/me is playing on his 3DS
MadSurge, Wish granted http://pulpfactor.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/My-little-pony-Gene-Simmons.jpg
Jim:FUKKIN SAVED :D
Oops
Oh...no Kammerjunk not for weeks. It happens occasionally. Like 3 days straight but it's not as bad as when I was younger so I can't complain.
another question whats the difference between Rainbow dash theatre and the others
...idk
allponiesarebestponi none apart from movie nights
allponiesarebestponi: when there's live episodes we get split into the rooms
MASF123: I'm not a doctor, but I'd wager that it's transient insomnia. Asides from that, it's hard to tell why.
smart so one doesn't crash smart one
oh yeah, we can switch channels in movie night
it's to avoid too much spam, because during the new episodes there are thousands of people here
allponiesarebestponi: otherwise there would be way too many people talking in one chat
again smart one
allponiesarebestponi: It's kinda like chat rooms for those that like the pony they go in,
Think we had, what was it, 5-6k this one time?
or dragon
I normally stick to the bronystate chat overall.
Jim: On days where new eps are streamed we are even more
allponiesarebestponi: when season 3 comes out pick your favorite mane pony and get that chatroom :D
What is transient insomnia exactly?
allponiesarebestponi: the spike room is for people that use their own irc client
0,5Jim: For the season finale we had over 5,000 people watching
^^^
yeah, what I thought I remembered
MASF123: If the symptoms last less than one week, it's classified as transient insomnia.
I had to pick the Spike channel to see a seamless stream :D
ok thanks speaking of new episodes has anypony seen season 3 'spoilers' yet
shush
don't mention them
I havn't
Don't even talk about them
...oh so it is like a classifed insomnia but still insomnia none-the-less I see.
oh.....ok
It's a bannable offense to talk about them here
Seriously
allponiesarebestponi: yeah, but I'm not watching them.
allponiesarebestponi: Yes, But no talk about it
k soory
If spoilers are said it's a ban, :(
Hooves work today
MASF123: Well, ther's a bit of a discussion on when what is what, but generally, yeah.
no it's against the rules to speak of Season 3, trust me I would know.
Twillight dies in season 3
^no
You can talk about anything else though :D
Doobinz: :D
Actualy, don't make fake spoilers either
^ agreed
Hi guys
Fake spoilers count as trolling also a permaban for trolling.
Yeah, S3 is a big no-no.
Hi pony_000946
Hi, pony_000946.
I've seen people banned for posting fake spoilers, so yeah, don't do that
hey pony_000946 how've you been
hey pony_000946! Have you been here yet?
I've seen the Season 3 songs, so that will answer your question, but we would have to dicuss it elsewhere.
0,5Guys I must ask you a question
Shoot.
sure, shoot
k
...yeah?
Go on
00,03Don't Shoot! D:
0,5Do you like to use "everypony" and "anypony" in sentences?
:O
BaconMane: Yes, I do. It's come to the point where I have to stop myself from using them in normal conversation.
BaconMane: only occasionally :D
BaconMane it's caused me many akward moments..
0,5I personally don't like using those words in my sentences anymore.
Well, it's my first time...
I don't really use them
Uh...I use them only on Bronystate and other brony related events but don't use it in everyday life.
^
At least, that's what I strive for.
08,01bitchtits
08,01i like that word
wat
0,5People were doing it at BronyCon
Welcome to Bronystate pony_000946 !
BaconMane: Yeah, I still use "everybody" most of the time
i try not to use them in life but, jeez, ponies have controlled my mind O_O
pony_000946 i have meen here a few minutes now and i love it here
Uh gee thanks...
Haha Bitchtits! :D
I want to say "everyone" and "everybody", but it's hard to remember.
0,5Ohey there pony_000946. First time? You can change your nickname you know :3
08,01only pooping my head in
08,01*popping
>pooping my head in
08,01...
08,01that was actually an honest mistake
suuuure
08,01i'm a bit stressed
@BaconMane, good eye I completely missed that new member.
:D most unfortunate mistype ever
08,01work's waaay behind schedule, and weveryone here is going a bit next
more concerts??
08,01anyhoos, must make like a rainbow and dash
08,01see y'all!
well, I just followed some episodes and I've to still watch more! I wanted to do a comic...
0,5Make like a lesbian? o.o
and also, o u BaconMane
^BaconMane
08,01*going a bit nuts
pony_000946: Well if you are new and haven't checked the rules, You best do so then.
pony_000946: did you pick a favorite protagonist yet? :)
I checked them... like, no spoilers
my name says it all
no explicit messages...
pony_000946: Yep, So as long as you follow all the known rules, You are all set.
pony_000946: and no video links during stream. Welcome!
^ is one of the rules.
Also, be sure to visit us on Friday nights, the movie stream here is awesome.
that was a long show
Oh... ok.
or saturday night if you're from europe
like 2hrs
I don't appear too often...
Alchemist: Or both if you are that boss
^
Like a bossaruu
Friday movie nights are Saturday lunchtime here when it's daylight savings
but I'll definitely check if I come in the site.
0,5A new user who actually read the rules? O:
AMAZING
0,5How wonderful!
:O Blasphamay!
Maybe there's still hope!
BaconMane: Actually several newcomers over the days has actually done that!
BaconMane but i read the rules...
BaconMane: I read the rules when I first came here ;-;
By the way, my favourite pony is Twilight Sparkle... the other ones are ok.
I didn't. Lol.
And then everyone told BaconMane they read the rules.
0,5MASF123 >:I
Pinkie Pie's my favorite, B-Y
Friday movie stream starting at 1 am for me, I cant stay up for it, I dont have that much endurance :(
I believe the very first time i wen't here i didn't read the rules, But did sometime later however.
B-Y: Our current streamer Wrek agrees with that :D
Except MASF123, because he's on the highway to the danger zone.
MASF123 is a strong independent black woman, who don't need no rules.
@BaconMane, don't look at me like that, you would have done the same if you were on my shoes. :(
B-Y: All ponies are best, People just have preference. :P
^Everyone can make mistakes
0,5I dont think Id be on your shoes, more like in them.
:O DIO!
Jim I'm not black or a woman, but you can call me that if you like.
i'm having a thought but i has the dumb today
BaconMane: Dat last line of text didn't have the glorious bacon color on
0,5MASF123 have you read them since then?
BaconMane, your colors are being disobedient. I'd get them following orders again.
Haha. Wow. Another wacky derp moments from yours truly. :P
moment.
Damned. -_-
ooooh lawd, three more hours until I might go home
@BaconMane yes I have revised the rules..I mean, I've read them. :$
No seriously I have though.
Jim nooooooo
Why so "noooooo"
Hahaha, italian Fallweather Friends :D
Well, speaking of Pinkie Pie... I made a test yesterday about my birthday. The corresponding month indicate the activity and the number of the day, the relative Pony.
in celestia time (if you seen lesson
I get the "Bake cupcakes with Pinkie Pie"
So,I thought I will get banned again unless I do something unknowingly.
think
B-Y: December 25th is Party with Vinyl Scratch
I mean NOT.
Wrek: may DIO rest in peace...
I'm sorry, it's the lack of sleep. :/
Well, three hours isn't anything, been away from home for 18 days now
Hoove eye cordination not working today
B-Y i've seen that. mine was iron pony competition VS fluttershy :$
Jim: D;
and my brain
B-Y: September: Create clones of *pony* here, Which is the 23th:spitfire, So i'm going to make a army of spitfire clones
/me yawns
Am I lucky?
lol random emote
Oh my god, I think I'm passed my bed time.
MASF123, Happens to me ALL the time
what
It's 11:06 a.m.?!?!? :O Oh dear. :(
MASF123: What time is it, dear?
MASF123: It happens all the time to me
Oh. It's 3:06am here.
man ttime is going fast CELESTIA
it's 4:06 PM here
MASF123, http://derpy.me/6sWSU
nooo celestia im sorry dont send me to the moon
Jim: THIS
Jim, it's just me. If I had boobs and such.
like
0,5I dont know who drew that still. :/
^Implying you want boobS?
lolwow
...
Guys, in italian Pinkie Pie eats caviar instead of fudge :D
This won't end well.
Well, I was the one who attached the Bronystate logo to it
BaconMane: ninja'd me before i could do it right
The picture was drawn by someone else
MadSurge, why is that?
05dio is best dio
what was the first episode you ponies whatched
Wrek: Wb :)
BaconMane: Im pretty sure I've seen that comic with something else on the second slide before, bit i'm probably mistaken.
Jim: god that is so me righ now, minus the boobs
allponiesarebestponi: Mid ish or early around ish of S1 then decided to do a marathon
Instead of BronyState, something else on the second bit
MASF123: yeah, but I forgot with what :D
allponiesarebestponi: i watched them all in order, from S1 E1 to S2 E26
B-Y: yeaaahhhhhh, although the italian dub is at least decent
BaconMane, The original was drawn by Adri Tibbs
the episode that got me was mysterious mare do well
/me noms on BaconMane
then i started whaching on youtube then netflix
lol.
Well, unfortunately Season 2 isn't released in Italy yet...
allponiesarebestponi: that episode is very controversial with bronies :D
B-Y WHATTTTTTTTT
I have all of the poni saved on my hard drive in 1080p :D
B-Y: you italian too? :O
Which one? Feeling Pinkie Keen?
Ovviamente
MadSurge Why?
MadSurge: How could it be controversial?
^
B-Y: FINALMENTE! :D Talk only in english, please
Sure
I mean, bronies hate it because it messes up characterization
after all, the rules are talking high
I still never understood the Feeling Pinkie Keen lesson. :/ I thought it ment that I don't have to believe there isn't a God it doesn't make it not true, you just have to believe he doesn't exist.
MadSurge: I must rewatch. I never noticed this.
ohhhhh thanks Rainbow doesnt really follow her element got it
But that is called, "Selective hearing."
That wasn't what I got from that episode
MASF123: I cannot remember anything on the spot when I want to. What one is Feeling Pinkie Keen again?
well, how many of you believe that those characters really exist somewhere in the universe?
MASF123: I think that episode was meant to be just a "Twilight gets hurt a lot, Pinkie does funny stuff" episode :D
Where Pinkie's tail twitches and Twilight can't explain it
Season1 Episode 15
i think pinkie keens lesson is not to turn into Rabidash
so she refuses to believe it
MASF123: No. What's it about? D:
XAX, Where Pinkie gets all these tail twitches
Twilight wants to prove that Pinkie's Pinkie Sense makes no sense?
And Twilight doesn't believe her sense
Jim: OH. that's right :|
Jim: I think the message was ''Even if you can't explain it or understand it, While some can you should atleast accept it's there just not that you believe in it''
Although the lesson might be "you don't have to understand/overanalyse something to enjoy it"
no just kidding i thinks it means that you dont have to judge your friends with thier beilfs
I guess my question had the obvious answer...
allponiesarebestponi: that too
Howdy y'all!
That could be it MadSurge
hai Everlasting_Joy
Dat Dio.
Also hi
hai FillyFlam
Howdy FillyFlam.
<<<<everypony look
Hello FillyFlam!
Those credits. . .
One guy explained that lesson and I still didn't understand it. :P
It's overall about how you should atleast show respect to those that believe in it, or even cause you can't understand or explain it,
WHATTTTTTTTTTTTTT!!!!!!!
is going on here
suff
stuff*
Well, im personally lying in bed listening to da musiks
XAX, good way of listening :).
It's Jesus! :O
Everlasting_Joy: 3:20am :D
the meaning of life is 42
^
allponiesarebestponi: dat hitchhikers guide to the galaxy reference >_<
lol
:| Really guys? Not even translating "princess"? This dub is... not bad, but only that.
XAX: And? It's still a good way of listening to it. If ya fall asleep, you're already in bed :).
Yeah, I remember that the names weren't dubbed...
yes its totally not a random number i picked out of my head
What is the deal with Dio?
Twilight Sparkles cutie mark has 42 points if you count each one on the starts. Furthermore, she wore the number 42 in the Running of the Leaves.
/me rocks back and forth "Soon, soon I will also be able to watch the stream again"
But I remember the voices...
In conclusion, the meaning of life is Twilight Sparkle.
The meaning is life is, There is no meaning, What a person decides to live for is their own decision there is no such thing as a universal reason to live. We live because we make up our reason for it :)
are you doing a personality test?
killerpony7733, The answer is 42, but what is the question?
killerpony7733: good one
Everlasting_Joy: I don't think one can fall asleep with most of the music I have on my iPod.
Twilight is the name of a very bad movie, the girl that dated the vampire had a sparkle in her eye! :O
XAX, ditto
^ i kmow but no
B-Y: by the way, come here on Saturdays. At 8 PM there's always two movies and two pony episodes chosen through mail lottery.
sorry hooves still not working
http://kinkyturtle.masemware.com/pictures/ponies/TSvamps.png
Oh ok, MadSurge
kinky? :D
NO
Everlasting_Joy: eevee
Not related to the content of that link
Jim: Hah, Still it's a serious statement, It's what i stand by in my life
Jim: :D she must be confused, a lot!
killerpony7733, I think you've made some very beautiful toughts about them too :)
YEEHAW Answers
my fav dio song
See I knew I was onto something>
Holy Diver <3
I've a question... since I didn't yet see all the episodes: do ponies have television? They know the existance about the cartoons?
No they don't.
Jim: I guess, I see so much beauty in life and so much to enjoy and life for. It's how i see it and why i live a life at all :)
They don't have television as far as I've seen
B-Y: only on commercials :D not on canon
However....
/me rides on Jim
/me spins
Pinkie was playing a video game on a Hub commercial.
THIS SONG IS SO MEGUSTA
Like Sit-N-Spin 'eh Jim?
What song is it?
On a tv
MASF123: That video game is playable on the hub website
B-Y: although they do have movies and videogames are canon :D
that game available in the HUB web site?
XAX Yeah I know i beat it...last character is Fluttershy.
B-Y: apparently
really? How they watch movies with?
Jim: http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/internet-memes-serious-bacon.png
B-Y yeah, it's called Ponies 8-Bit Adventure
B-Y: in one episode they watch a '50 style info movie
oh yeah
that movie thingy
uh, I've yet to see it...
completely forgotten about that one
Even that sounds like it's a limited resource.
By the way, I'll post some pony comics if they are good enough...
B-Y: second season
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/internet-memes-serious-bacon.png
Sorry, I'm not a Satanist.
B-Y: comics are allowed
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7p6ueRXQS1rriakmo1_1280.jpg
My hobby is to tell stories but I've the ability to draw at least decently...
Bronysith: NOOOOOOO! :O
Bronysith: So?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
brony-FOREVER: Oh god no no no no no
dat fail
:( :( :(
Bronysith: I mean't that to you
meh, I couldn't care less for that guy
That was photoshopped dammit! >: (
0,5Wat
has anypony played adventure pony yet
brony-FOREVER: eh, one bad apple to buck.
0,5WAT
0,5WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
Jim: Agreed, oh, and I never did say "hi" to ya earlier. Hi!.
Post the link again.
I finished it
Everlasting_Joy: you didnt say hi to me
Everlasting_Joy, Hi :)
Bronysith: I was probably busy with something at the time. Hi :)!
I can even say who the best pony is, in that game...
@BaconMane, this...http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7p6ueRXQS1rriakmo1_1280.jpg
Everlasting_Joy: hi...
borken link?
Everlasting_Joy: hey
i need some r34 to get that out of my head...
Howdy B-Y!
biebz is best brony
0,5<ASF123 I saw when bronysith posted it.
B-Y: Twilight? :D
....NO he's NOT
have fun with that Bronysith
/me chokes XAX
0,5MASF123 I saw when bronysith posted it.
ok
Unfortunately not... but she's decent
Bronysith: Best of luck to you friend
Bronysith: Have fun with your porn.
God, now I have to go delete my internet search story
I googled Justin Bieber Twitter
0,534 is best number
hey guys im just wonder im making a pinkie pie costume for Holloween any tips?
0,5* 34 is best number
Justin Bieber is too gay to like MLP, it's like the manliest show ever made. So I don't believe it, he is lying.
B-Y: where did you get with the episodes?
dat drumming
allponiesarebestponi, PINK, LOTS AND LOTS OF PINK
also STREAMERS
of course 34s the best number
Mmm... I watched them in casual order
but for the special episodes, I watch them in order
alexxm: NO! please just no!
and for special episodes... you know what I mean
ohai bronystate! :D and wow it's wrek streaming again with his music again lol
ohai valoreins
Un mondo spledido, colorate magico
hi valoreins
Hiya valoreins
I hope... xD
hey valoreins!
hey valoreins how've you been
killerpony7733: happy?
MASF123: almost! Not bad
valoreins: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7p6ueRXQS1rriakmo1_1280.jpg
Why is it cold in my room. I have to fold my sheets around my shoulders to keep the air out of mah bad :(
0,5bronysith no need to announce porn habits in here :/
alexxm: i've been fine lol
MASF123: I don't think *
/me yawns loudly
mah bed*
dafuq Bronysith lol got another celeb brony again huh
:)
Howdy valoreins!
Wow!
valoreins: but not a good celebrity
brb
What band?
valoreins, Believe it is shopped though
i know
SuperSanjitenks1989: Dio
Dio apparently.
well, someone went to the actual tweet?
2 hours later, still music
Haha wow.
hi Eulshy
is the paiter over there < a mare or a colt? IDK
I'm guessing really long drum solo or he's playing Drums by The Grateful dead.
I personally dont understand the rage/hate towards JB though.
hi BromyInstrumental
Wrek's having an intense week I think, he either works or naps
Alchemist, we don't hate him we are bronys, we dislike him with a huge passion.
^
I hate him.
^ LOL
Lol.
There were dozens of musicians with the same music style before him and people didnt hate those artists this much...
well since this bores the sheist outta me, ima go so bye
I wanna punch his face off with brass knockles.
MASF123: Speak for yourself. While I don't care for his music, I certainly don't hate him.
allponiesarebestponi: What do you mean? can't understand what you are refering to
Oh shit, planet suite!
Which of you watch My Little Pony in Real Life? I don't mean real life ponies... I mean MLP characters in our world
Alchemist: it was during high school i raged about JB, my junior girl classmate wont shut up about him/her, because first time i heard its song i thought it was a girl lol, but now i dont really care
Good morning all
hai StupidSexyCJ
hey
Morning, sexy. mmmmmmm...
Alchemist, I don't hate Bieber but I would really appreciate it if he would throw in the towel.
B-Y: you mean who watches them on tv?
no, those are youtube videos...
I don't really hate JB, it's just how obnoxious his fans are
^
^ definetly
Justin Bieer should qiut his dayjob.
valoreins: You too?! I heard some of his songs and thought a girl was singing as well. Heck, I once thought it was Mily Cyrus singing, then the DJ said "It's Justin Beiber." Needless to say, I was stunned.
users make characters like Rainbow Dash, Pinkie Pie, Twilight Sparkle and etc. to appear in their house
Jim: But if you had some musical insight you would know his music is plain repeating and hardly deep, It's always the same thing LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE
quit
i once made an ass of myself in front of my friends by playing karaoke party with them and singing baby by JB really ass-tardedly
B-Y: OH, those
^
Why? You listened to his songs, you decided you dont like, why does it hurt you if he continoues to make those songs. there are very scenarios where you have NO control if you want to listen to his songs or not...
There isn't talent when you keep singing about love and having the same words constantly repeated too many times
^
Any of you guys, watch those videos? I like them!
holy shit THIS SONG IS AWESOOOOOOOME
Everlasting_Joy: ikr lol :D those silly current generation singers, now in my place K-pop is trending and i'm so bored about it
B-Y: fan videos are often streamed here as well
I sung Never gonna give you up in front of my school in year 8 in assembly
I WIN
Everlasting_Joy: Yep, It proves the point even further
killerpony7733: agreed
B-Y, One of my favourite gifs of that http://derpy.me/fASYj
Some people hate rap, others hate emo music, all hate Justin Bieber other than little girls, any questions?
valoreins: I'd take K-pop to be honest, but I'd bet good money I'd eventually join you in boredom.
Jim: D'awwwwww
what does GIF even stand for never got that
I'd rathe J-pop. especially Hibonoru Kageyama.
Jim: That is one of the best pony gifs.
.GIF is a format for imaging
I liked the video with Pinkie Pie coming out of the screen
thanks
often used to make moving pictures
Generated Interface Format...did I say that right? :O
interface? I thought the I stood for image
Agh....Damed Dmaed Damed!!!
B-Y: again, stick around and you'll see that kind of video too when a mod is inclined to stream them :D
who where has whatched those wierd i guess is a good thing to say Pony.MOV
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GIF For all your GIF needs.
allponiesarebestponi: I'd bet everyone
I guess games aren't streamed here...
allponiesarebestponi: i LOVE the .MOV series!
allponiesarebestponi: I did, but we don't discuss Pony. mov here :D
/me does not like Hot Diggity Demon or his vids.
ok
B-Y: you'd be wrong.
B-Y, they stream games a lot actually.
B-Y: Actually it's the most common thing streamed here
MadSurge, there are games too? Sweet
B-Y, Games are streamed ALL the times
I played yesterday Super Pinkie World
that bald guy kind looks like Tobuscus
oh no "cupcake" discussion either
without hair
the first, the second, the third and hard mode
The mods take turns, @Wrek wants to post music, others post different content.
B-Y is it good
B-Y: :D that hack with Pinkie instead of Yoshi?
hai hai
no, MadSurge
It was a Flash game
Hello, everyone.
MASF123: All mods have a said list of stuff they stream and them only, Though games sometimes get streamed cause they just got it etc
oooh, you guys got to see what just passed us by
You use Pinkie and you've to reach one of her friends
#NLR
If you lose, she'll get through her sad phase...
http://i.imgur.com/jMTux.jpg Just passed us, ain't she a beauty
B-Y: fangames aren't streamed too often though
0,5I heard that the beiber picture is fake anyhow
Jim: nice
BaconMane: thank sweet merciful sexy molestia that it is fake
these guys make me envious, their guitars are all wacky awesome shapes. mine is symmetrical :S
btw guys it's already 95 days since the last season finale aired! Keep your sanity high till season 3 okay guys? :D
I wonder if Hub will make a true MLP game...
Brb guys, bike time
bye
@BAconMane it is fake, it's just an attempt to make me quit MLP and it's working!!! :O
have fun MadSurge
I wouldnt have a problem with it if it wasnt fake.
B-Y: adventure ponies doesnt count
He likes it? good for him...
11,01Did LC just post the JB Brony pic?
Nittany_Discord: i did a while back
B-Y: there's a true game made by fans, called fighting is magic but it's in really early development
/me cries
Nittany_Discord: EA are the reapers
BRB GRABBING NOMS
11,01I call trolling.
hi Nittany_Discord
Don't change your mind only with a single pic...
morn Nittany_Discord
There is also "Legends of Equestria"
yeah
valoreins: Pffft easy cake,
and there was 'equestria online' but the team broke apart :(
alchemist : what are you talking about?
11,01Even then, I think love and tolerance will be thrown out the window for JB.
11,01Personally, I couldn't care less if he became a brony or not.
Indeed.
hai everypony :D
Fighting is Magic will be best pony game
Hai Michael
Derpy_at_work: the JB pic
11,01Morning Spectrum_Rush|Zzz
MLP MIcheal!!!
what jb pic?
hey Michael how've you been
color text?
I'm looking foward Pony Kart
Derpy_at_work: I said I wouldnt mind if it wasnt fake.
^ WHATT
BronyInstrumental: Actually game is still being made, It was shown at bronycon 2012
/me hugs Jim alexxm MASF123
B-Y:what
killerpony7733: oh. didn't know that. awesome! :D
well... it's an another upcoming game
didnt mean the link
like legends of equestria
You can see Twilight Sparkle on her kart doing a practice run all over Sweet Acres
I don't see how Legends of Equestria can work.
/me ugh
05again
I mean, how are they going to keep the servers open?
i dunno but looks damn good
05RIP DIP
05DIO*
^
^^
11,01Hug Cuttershy when they come in again.
It looks like an MMO of MLP: FiM, how can it NOT work?!?!
They can't charge people to play the game, so they can't get money to keep the servers open that way.
fine :D
MASF123: Because dosh.
Someone's having connection issues
whatch actvision is gonna make 40 first person shooters on MLP
rly?
Kammerjunk: Well either they have a way of getting donated money to only fund the servers or the makers fund them themselfs
Wrek: i cried when i found out he died
11,01Call of Duty: Equestria.
I mean, I'd understand if it was Diablo II style of multiplayer. That would be neat. But the fact of the matter is that it costs money to host stuff.
/me slaps Nittany_Discord
oh my..
oh the unicons are so OP
unicorns sorry
killerpony7733: Actually, thatmay not be as un
Kammerjunk: Maybe fans will set up servers and fund it themself if they make enough money?
goddammitenterkey
Call of Cutie: Modern Marefare
/me slaps Jim
They are making MLP games online, if I recall right...
Earth ponies can carry more items and run faster than unicorns or pegasi, and they are better in battle.
Call of Cutie: Black Clops
oh my
lol
XAX:lol
ahhhhhhh yes. decline of video gaming
MASF123: Meh still love pegasi over unicorn or earth :P
killerpiny7733: but all ponies are best
11,01If I were an indie dev, I would avoid EA and Activision like the plague if I wanted to go mainstream.
But Earth Ponies are actually have something that unicorns and Pegasi don't have?
^^
and then Nittany_Discord
/me 11,01hugs Cuttershy
B-Y, Knowledge and strength to harvest the earth
Nittany_Discord: my friend asked me if i became head of EA what i would do. i said SHUT THIS FUCKER DOWN
Kammerjunk: So the idea of how it could work is donations for server only no funding for the team themself but servers yes
@Niyany_Discord: agreed
#CuttershyFans <- go there!
Either that, or I wasn't here when he got back because my iPod makes ALL the apps crash
And then room advertisement
That's because you have an iPod.
11,01And then I have to ban him.
allponiesarebestponi: Sure, Just a pegasi person myself. I'm in forever for all
how nice
so that means Pinkie Pie has... knowledge of the harvest?
Why would I go there?
Kammerjunk: Cause idiot RP'er wants to be smart
i'm trying to get my livestream procaster working, but i'm crap with techy stuff
killerpony7733: i know just kidding around with my name
Hey mates... Does anyone know ANYTHING about medicine?
0,5Ohey guys
11,01[11:45:11]	Cuttershy	color text? <- This got my suspicions up.
hi BaconMane
0,5If you type in /part username
B-Y: Well, Pinkie's a baker. It's cake and stuff, but still. Lives on that kind of stuff.
Or health I mean
TheRandomkid321, I know how to eat medicine.
hai BaconMane
0,5something cool happens
05inb4 she ban evades and says she'll take her own life... again
wat
/me gives Wrek tea
BaconMane: I don't trust you!
ANyone know something about health care or something. Probably not but...
0,5:(
BaconMane, O U
:)
heyBaconMane how've you been
Bronysith: ...or fix everything and be the bestest publisher evar. But shutting down a multi-million dollar company that you were made head of works too.
0,5fine
allponiesarebestponi: I actually maintain the belief of equality of ponies etc :)
lol
Eat fruits and vegetables
XAX: i want to shut it down cause it is a cancer to video games everywhere
Bronysith: Why would you give him TEA? It's probably also hot as hell in Sweden.
i do too
05Kammerjunk: laughable
Sweden? Hot during the summer?
Buck my ehart is racing... and suddenly pain comes into the problems... BUCK! ANd now I feel weak... WELL AINT THIS BLOODY GREAT!
05its 7 degrees and rain
What have you been smoking?
yes, Sweden does get hot sometimes :P
Wrek: Wait, really? It's too hot here.
05aye
05though in sunshine its probably around 15-20
I'd prefer 7 degrees and rain, really.
well brb gonna look at some my little brony memes
Kammerjunk: Agreed, Denmark is getting the heat today
We have shit weather up where I live
Nittany_Discord: you have 2 buttons. one destroys activision. one destroys EA. you can only destroy one. who would you destroy?
11,01EA
Its 2am and everyones asleep... BUCK!
...is bad.
11,01They're doing more damage now.
Bronysith, Why can't I bring a friend to press the other button?
Wait... isn't Activision the one that destroyed Crash Bandicoot?
^
/me push the 2 buttons
Activision seems to be trying REALLY hard to be worse than EA, but they're still second place.
Overall activision can be managed, But EA god no
05yay rainbow in the dark :D
05perfect song for a dash PMV
@BaconMane I don't want to risk that what does it do?
0,5Something cool
0,5Nothing bad
I doubt it.
0,5:(
EA is horrid. If EA owned TF2 this is what it would be like. 30$ a month for premium. 50$ FOr the right to wear hats. 10$ per hat. and 5$ to get more classes.
I don't care: they ruined Crash Bandicoot! He could have the best reputation if wasn't for that pesky Activision!
Nopony trusts you, BaconMane.
11,01EA is everything bad about the gaming industry in a nutshell.
^
MASF123: It's a command that does some very stupid if you actually decide to
killerpony7733: i think if activison and EA made a game together it would be called dubstep firstperson DLC THE GAME
Okay my heart feels okay now... SHould I see a doctor if it reoccurs...
OH. THAT'S what /part does.
But what does it do exactly?
Nittany_Discord: dont they use worse working conditions than a vietnamese sweat shop?
Wrek: y must this song be so epic?!
BaconMane: So THAT's what you tried. You silly filly.
11,01There's a Jimquisition about why everyone hates EA that pretty much sums up EA.
dat ad
Nittany_Discord: not to mention EA in a nutshell gmod video
Kammerjunk, what does it do?
Mersander, Get adblock to avoid the adds on the stream
MASF123: Make you leave mane chat
Bronysith: Oh, I saw that one. It was a neat video.
11,01EA just needs to fire Ricotello.
never use /part..
soory about that didnt mean to leave there
Wow. That's messed up. :/
MASF123: Nothing even remotely close to what killerpony7733 said, don't listen to him.
Well, any of you guys, are looking foward Playstation Battle Royale?
Nittany_Discord: EA just needs to die
11,01Someone or some group has managed to make the company more hated that Activision.
nope
I not... since I don't have a PS
Kammerjunk: You.......:D
D:
11,01It went from "loved" to "worse than Activision."
:D
^^
I like Activision for releasing Tony Hawk PS HD
I liked EA when they made that murder simulator.
The first one.
Nittany_Discord: EA at it's first or so was actually awesome, But it became what it is today due to greedy people
Sims?
I like EA because first 3 battlefields.
But that's a long while ago now.
Jim: Yeah, that's the one.
I've Fifa '97...
the hostile buyouts and takeovers doesn't help the image
damn, I played the shit out of sims
if ea made mincraft every block would be DLC
EA needs to stop being money whores... They are like OH HAI BUY THIS GAME FOR 80$.. Now buy like 10 DLC's for 60$ each which we could have fit into the base game but didnt so we would get more profit :D And while you're at it buy BF3 premium for the same ammount of money you bought the game for.
11,01Spectrum_Rush|droozy: And mistreating the consumer and trying to milk them.
Loved the wizard expansion to it
Sims was addicting, WAS.
i want Mass effect 3 so i can support Bioware. but at the same time i will be supporting EA.... FFUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Jim: ...I ended up murdering most everyone in my neighbourhood.
11,01Bioware is infected by EA.
haha :D
11,01They're not coming back.
Nittany_Discord: here is how dlc should work. "Would you like some more pie sir?" not "Would you like the rest of your pie sir?"
^This
Nittany_Discord: EA has assumed direct control.
Put them in a room, light fireplace, remove door, put sofas everywhere, especially in front of the fireplace
11,01Bronysith: That's how expansion packs worked back in the day.
4:04am time not found
Nittany_Discord: it was either Bioware is assimilated or destroyed
Nittany_Discord: ahh yes. expansion packs
/me nostalgia booms
Nittany_Discord: Yep, It was content made after release and actually having equal content and quality as the main game
11,01For all I know, expansion packs weren't used to exploit consumers.
11,01But DLC is.
Battlefield 1942.
Yeah I WONT sleep tonight for with my problems I just had I am afraid I shall never awake.
Nittany_Discord: but the DLC for fallout 3 and new vegas are quite good.
God, I love EA. I can't wait for the next installment of Overhyped Sellout Lens Flare Dubstep War Zombies.
what wrong with the chat its not moving or is nopony speaking
ACIII has the dumbest pre-oder bonuses, they are almost as bad as the Epic Mickey The Power of Two pre-order bonus.
Nittany_Discord: they made it after they made the game
Goddamn I loved the Sims Makin' Magic
if anypony is interested in me doing a stream of slender, click #here. i post it ina seperate room for respect of stream and rules :)
But I have a phsycaratrist appointment tomorrow at 8:30
ah expansion packs, i remeber my very first was the conquerers expansion for age of empires II
allponiesarebestponi: your chat client may have frozen
/me nostalgias
i want one new AOE
BURNING CRUSADE is best expansion pack
thanks i fix it
Kammerjunk: Warfighter.
Dat advertising
Bronysith: I liked vanilla.
11,01I'm not a huge fan of DLC pre-order bonuses.
true
11,01But I tolerate them.
was that a good one Spectrum_Rush|droozy
11,01Especially if you can buy it later.
first day dlc are you kidding me EA
Nittany_Discord: what we need is to destroy all the EA with death bombs
If I'm paying full price for a game, I demand a little extra content.
Nittany_Discord: It's a bit finicky due to it being ''Well you get stuff few others will get'' when it should be ''Hey everyone can get this but you just get it quicker thats all''
alexxm: I think so, i enjoy it to this day
Nittany_Discord: where we insert a piece of marble glass into their parts and smash it with a hammer
ouch
11,01Pre-ordering used to mean getting the game on launch guaranteed.
Nittany_Discord: and they bleed out over 5 days
11,01Not "Buy this early and get free stuff."
Nittany_Discord: Eeyup
Fucking BF3 primium. I mean TF2 premium I can understand. I mena you are playing a game for free that once would have costed you. But paying money for a game you bought is moderatly acceptable... UNLESS IT MAKE YOU A MOTHER BUCKING VIP!
11,01Only super-hyped games got pre-orders.
11,01Now everything does.
get a 30$ season pass for the low price of 50$ EA!!!!! and Dinkleburg
Haha anything gets a pre-order now. :D
11,01But I don't mind pre-ordering as a way to generate sales.
I see game with preorder bonuses and I dont even know anything about them...
This is what is wrong with gaming today http://static.bestbuy.com/myrz/web/Content/Offers/Images/120603_Project20_Tile.jpg
damn, i remember when i buyed my TF2, now is free
It'll be fun playing Call of Dubstep: Black Wubs 2 when it comes out.
Jim: gaming has just gone down hill for a while
(No, it won't)
Nittany_Discord: Not only that, it's nice to have your order garunteed.
dat solo
i think my first pre order was.... SSBB
Bronysith: its all shooting and blowing up stuff
Jim: I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Pre-order is still a way to get a copy for sure, But yeah the free stuff idea, No
SSBB is a great game
11,01My first pre-order may have been Halo 2.
I noticed that nowadays for a game to be popular it needs to be in a popular series, really bucking violent, unique gameplay, or have hot cheerleaders who fight zombies with giant chainsaws while wearing a rather revealing outfit.
11,01And I miss them doing physical content packs.
Nittany_Discord: my brother was so gay for that game
11,01Now the special editions hve DLC.
11,01*have
TheRandomkid321: Dat reference
Only things I've ever preordered is Torchlight 2 and Guild wars 2
yeah just wait for the special edtion and get the DLC with the game
TheRandomkid321: and be voiced by Twilight Sparkle ^^
I only preordered LOZ OoT 3d and SKYRIIIM!
TheRandomkid321, Also that hot cheerleader is voiced by Tara Strong
05daaaaat guitar
TheRandomkid321: nowadays if it doesnt have the words Call Of Duty Activion or Infinityward its not a good game
11,01The main 3 things in gaming today that I can't stand are DLC that's on-disc, always-on DRM, and online passes.
This guy got NOTHING on Angus Young.
Always online sucks arse
05also when i pre ordered the special edition of deus ex HR ig ot the making of DVD and the art book. asewll as a figurine. more than that is asking for too much
Jim ONLY on PS3
Lol. I pre-order LoZ: OoT 3D and got nothing. :D
why is always online even a thing
@Nittany_Discord: and you cant forget everything is basically an FPS
Wrek: Yep i pre-ordered myself the augmented edition, :)
11,01I haven't purchased a major title in a long time.
man, I bought too many steam games
MASF123 HOW ABOUT A REPLICA OF THE OCARINE OF TIME! THAT I LOST!
ended up with spending 131 Euro
/me never have any problems with games
>Buying games
11,01I don't count Arma 2 at major.
i think halo 4 looks like Call of duty so im not getting it
Although if you pirate an indie game, you're a dick.
05alexxm: casue always online means that it will be harder to fool the game that you bought it
anypony has never played bayonetta?
11,01I think indie is where it's at.
i like half life 2.
Arma II Is only popular because of Day Zed
05note that i said harder, not impossible
I CANT WAIT FOR BORDERLANDS 2
I like supporting indie developers
^
oh soory capps lock was on
I didn't even get the first Borderland.
allponiesarebestponi, Justified
TheRandomkid321: Daisy
Borderlands*
But that's because I don't have a console.
11,01As long as those devs don't pull the same BS AAA publishers do, I'm happy.
hai guys
I would want Fighting is Magic to go Indie on Xbox, it would be so sweet.
Kammerjunk, it's on PC too
Nittany_Discord: And indeed there is
Oh.
Chrysalis: Hiya
hai Chrysalis
Cant wait until AC III and I am gonna waste 70 bucks on ezios hidden blade working replica... whoich probably wont fit my hadn anyway
Kammerjunk: what you should it is and great game
how you doing Chrysalis
Kammerjunk, It was on sale on steam last week for like 5$ for the complete pack
11,01They can't afford to pull BS like AAA publishers.
allponiesarebestponi: I tried playing it with a friend. Wasn't my type of game.
TheRandomkid321: damn, that game looks so damn good
im pretty good, just got back from interview
which went well
Chrysalis, Awesome :D
11,01Good Chrysalis
haia Chrysalis
11,01Hope you get the job.
Nittany_Discord: Oh and one thing i want to note i hate is, PUBLISHER POWER OVER DEVS
me too, not only is it an awesome job
its in manchester
Chrysalis: GL
/me regrets starting a topic about pre-order bonuses
dat les paul whammy bar
which means BUCK will be easy to get to
11,01killerpony7733: Yeah, me too.
oh ok Kammerjunk it s not a favorted game of te community i think
/me 11,01hugs MASF123
TheRandomkid321: Seriously? You can make it excluding the blade yourself for under 20 bucks.
speaking of BUCK, anyone here going PM me ASAP pleaesr
Awww. :) Shucks, Nittany_Discord.
please*
Nittany_Discord: It's exactly what EA is in the end a publisher that pushes it devs to make games for them not the devs making games they want, Ugh
mfw icechat made MASF123's comment a link
the New Robot revolution dlc for Borderlands was so funny , everything was robotified ^^ and near the end the Destroyer was just a cardbord cutout ^^
08,01dat feeling when you're deleting an ubuntu repo mirror
i say something like my interests, but it doesnt really matter too much..
08,0188GB...
I don't know dat feel
88 GB? That's almost 4 games!
lol
08,01only took about 30 minutes to download, though
Chrysalis, what?
Kammerjunk: Lol'd
08,01huzzah for university networks \o/
11,01Signing up for EA and Activision is a death sentence. With EA, you get whored to a husk. With Activision, you get the same, and then you're put on a CoD-related project or shut down.
88 gb is almost my whold pc memory :(
I have 3 TB, I think.
I need more soon, though.
you can get more O_O
:)*
3 Terrabytes? :O
Well, 3 TB is only on this desktop computer. I have more on a fileserver.
i have a laptop.
Hmm. Now that I think about it, Battlefield 3 is sitting on my computer being useless because it crashes my video drivers for some reason.
I'll post a Pony comic soon
:"(
But the fileserver is just for stuff like music, video, game images, et cetera.
I may delete it.
@Nittany_Discord: i do agree with you but if you dont apreently get signed up with them you dont get seen really and if you do you get lots of money if you want to say that but other than that i agree
wow the song got loud
oh yes this song is awesome
audio improvement :)
Nittany_Discord: I got MW3 and BO recently. I haven't been roped into no project. I've just been playing them like a thankful person for not having to pay for either game myself.
11,01I don't hate CoD.
Nittany_Discord: Never said that :)
am i the only pony who likes Half Life 2?
i would rath play BO than MW# or any COD for that matter its just more realistic than a fish (COD)
herostar_Discorded: He'll no
herostar_Discorded: nope
11,01herostar_Discorded: That was an awesome game.
hell*
you know you can get synergy for it and do multiplayer?
I have CoD1 on my external somewhere.:.
So I just checked out how EA's shares are doing.
Kammerjunk: Enlighten us.
11,01herostar_Discorded: Yep.
"Down," I believe the word is.
11,01I have that mod.
Kammerjunk: lol.
I was in an xbox live party once and my friend's friend said he couldn't wait for half life 3. I just laughed.
11,01EA is dying. Dropping shares and posting losses.
herostar_Discorded: dont talk to me about valve the god of devolping to me cuz i will never stop with valve and how better they are with devoloping even if they cant cout to 3
11,01That's why they need to fire their CEO and whoever else is ruining the company.
Which of you, can understand Economy?
11,01All of their BS is benefiting no-one.
http://images.nonexiste.net/popular/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/Just-a-reminder-of-where-you-are-EA.jpeg
allponiesarebestponies portal three. this summer. it's an official release too.
err, next summer*
^ no it ended it cant be
EA will be like a phoenix i think
hopefully not
Michael: lol
It's really laughable seeing how their shares are for the entirety of 2012.
let it burn and stay ashes
allponiesarebestponies E3 dissagreed
burning in fire but reviving from his flames
with good games, i hope
11,01Not just good game. No bullshit.
11,01Taking more cues from Valve than Activision.
^
Valve puts a lot of effort and even color int to games and you dont see colors other than greay red and brown nowadays
that pony just had a cigarette...
<_<...
11,01Valuing the consumer and giving them what they want instead of punishing them and trying to milk them.
Valve is awesome in too many ways. Their new employee handbook is s hilarious and great read, for god sake.
allponiesarebestponi: No kidding. I don't usually get emotionally invested in games. End of Portal 2? Good Lord, I cried.
I laughed, I cried.
i have both portals :3
Kammerjunk, Portal 2 is best game
...I hope I'm not the only one who cried at the end of Portal 2.
The glossary of Valves new employee handbook gives a definition of Ponies
Kammerjunk: cryed i balled manly tears of joy at the end and kept singing want you gone and cara mia
Oh, good.
i haven't completed portal 2.
and if they didn't lie about portal 3 then i'll get that too
XAX: I bought The Final Hours of Portal 2, and got a sight into the life of a VALVe employee.
That message was a lie
Valve don't know the number 3, herostar_Discorded
It is awesome.
BronyInstrumental: whera are you
ik they do. you'll see :3
like HL3
Seriously, VALVe treats their employees like an employer should.
never pass number 3
INB4 Portal 2: Episode 1 and 2.
Kammerjunk: Reading the handbook gave me a pretty good idea as well. It would be a fucking amazing life to work there.
BronyInstrumental: oh god the last test is hard
Kammerjunk valve dont do anything to there employees
11,01Valve counts like King Authur from Monty Python. Expect Half Life 5 soon.
I would laugh if the next Half-Life game would be called "Half Life: Episode 2 Part 1".
most devs are terrified of working for valve
They have. A headcrab. In the lobby.
lol
What more could you want?!
desks which stay still
ik what they really ARE working on right now. the third installation to the L4D series
Half Life: Episode 2, Part 1, 1° Chapter
No wait. They have a -barnacle- in the lobby.
Kammerjunk, They also have a TF2 Turret in the lobby
They could always go 'Half life 2: the conclusion'.
Oh yeah, the turret, too.
that actually works
http://www.leftfordead3.com/
it doesn't shoot bullets though
only makes the sound effects and flashes
motion detected
damn another L4D?
No.
oh ok
i just bought L4D2
No. Valve cant count to three.
there's a recent update to L4D2, a new map, also a community map where everything is minecraft
:D
Jim: That was made by Weta Workshop here in NZ :D
Oh, don't they have that golden crowbar in the lobby too?
VALVE please we need HL3 soon or you will be forgotten (i will still play you games)
I would pay them my soul for any of the things they have in the lobby.
Bronysith, We must get that Minecraft mod for L4D2 soon
allponiesarebestponi: I doubt it. They're still making that new CS game, you know.
i want the crowbar and the HEV suit
they work on whatever they want
as long as there is no number 3
I really want Half Life 2: Episode 2 Part 1 and 2, though.
They'll make HL4 next, just to mess with us
Kammerjunk: Not sure if want that game.
MASF123, Adorable! :)
XAX: You want that game.
Thanks Jim
MASF123: I say, that is a d'awwful picture.
time to eat some love
o u
...
that sounds really dirty
DeathPwny is one of my favorite MLP artists.
MASF123: how about this http://derpy.me/a-Vba
have fun Chrysalis|Dinner
wat
Chrysalis|Dinner, Have fun devouring the love of the innocent
Oh, that reminds me of the Changeling fic I'm reading. It's great. So much theoretical lore about Changelings.
Kammerjunk: I have the beta. No one plays on the Aus/NZ servers very often though, so I've barely been able to try it.
Kammerjunk: Ah? explain good sir
It'd be cool if someone made a timetravel game and start with the sequel ^^
Pony brigade has a CS:GO beta server...
Oh damn, that's great! Alchemist
dat pic
killerpony7733: Well, it's actually Human in Equestria, but with a TWEEST. It's really good. Hasn't updated in a while, but I think the guy is on vacation or something.
just adorable
MASF123: I can look up the artist if you want to.
uh ok
i know what Valve is doing theyre gonna make HL3 when season comes out
Kammerjunk: Visionary?
season 3
XAX: No, it's titled "Love Mine".
Speaking of Ponies, who has the fear for an upcoming MLP Live Show...?
Kammerjunk: Ah.
B-Y its already happened
i thought gmod was also great...
allponiesarebestponi: No, they'll release HL3 when no one remembers HL2.
alexxm: Another one.
Oh, and I'm still looking at this picture - http://derpy.me/2UvXV
oh ok XAX
well... and for its sequel?
how about this: http://derpy.me/9mZ0R
Kammerjunk: :D
Kammerjunk: Dat high quality GIF
Everlasting_Joy: no they will never make it then i will always remember them
Kammerjunk: Seen it. Love it. SO MUCH.
Alchemist: I never stopped looking at it. Well, I slept and stuff, but besides that.
allponiesarebestponi: But you won't live forever.
i will ask promision from celestia
Kammerjunk: Im happy it makes you happy ;)
00,03Who wants to live forever anyway~
^ me
I can think of a few people.
Scoot-Scootaloo me
Scoot-Scootaloo: Depending on trade offs and plus sides i may want to
me
could be intreasting
If i could live forever, i'd start helping every person on the planet AND make a portal to equestria
Forever? No. Would be bored out of my mind after a couple hundred years :D
i want to go to Las Pegasis right now
^ i'll help :D
If nothing else, then because of the technology.
Because of supernovas and stuff.
yeah that would suck
It'd mean you'll at one point will end up inside a black hole or somestuff
FOREVER
scientist have found a gene in flies that makes them live for 20% long and 20% stronger and found the same gene in humans but are afriad of trying it out on us
lol
i'd sign up for that allponiesarebestponies
the only reason Id want to hang on for couple billion(?) years longer is to witness the sun blow up.
allponiesarebestponi: The enzyme called telomerase?
would those genes make you 20% cooler too?
Kammerjunk: yes
telomerase is an enzyme, not a gene
I'm sweating so much -.- I don't know if its because of excitement or the heat
|m|
God, I love the idea of gene manipulation.
Smashing.
anypony see that link?
Lil_B: Does it matter ;)?
soory i get them mixed up all the time im only 13
Playing god sounds smashing
i think he thinks we rock
Kammerjunk: It's just as scary as it could do good
Mostly because I'm a jerk. I just want to change the curliness of my hair and I hate my eye colour.
MASF123: Yes?
MASF123 sorry to say, but a 3D model of a pony is although neat, possible in our time, this flash being an example
so i forget things
Everlasting_Joy YEs... kinda... no...
Kammerjunk: yeah, but many misinterpret it. You cant have superhuman abilities throiugh gene manipulation.
Alchemist: God, no.
That'd be silly.
^That
Lil_B: I suppose the heat would be bad, but if it's excitement, well, that's a good thing.
What do you take me for, an X-Man?
Kammerjunk: would be awesome though :D
05again
05hope you enjoyed some more concerts
05^_^
the video is loading
05scoot-scootaloo is up next if he havent ninja'd already
moar rock :D
awesome music Wrek
But yeah, people are trying to find more and more ways of either rejuvenating telomerase or even preventing loss of it in the first place.
why is it buffering
i be back
allponiesarebestponi, Probably because he stopped streaming
Everlasting_Jo well the bad kidnt, I'm waiting for an answer from a person who and it decides if I'll be at GalaCon or not >.< I the didn't answer even though he was already on
Kammerjunk: If i remember biology the reason we age is a safety feature,
Morning everypony.
hai Dovah
hey Dovah how've you been
allponiesarebestponi: Wrek just hopped off. Scoot-Scootaloo might be getting on soon.
hey guys today is Lauren Faust's b-day didn't realize that till now
killerpony7733, The reason we age is because our cells oxidizes and repair themselves faulty
Lil_B: Fair enough, but who is this Jo person ;)?
killerpony7733: It probably is, but science isn't about 'why', it's about 'why not'. Why is so much of our science dangerous? Why not MARRY safe science if you love it so much?!
valoreins i didn't even know that
what is ninja'd exactly? Like left?
dat portal quote
killerpony7733: In fact, why not invent a special safety door that won't hit you on the BUTT on the way out, BECAUSE YOU ARE FIRED.
^this
dat second portal quote
Kammerjunk: That's sounds like it's straight our of portal 2.
Jim: radioavtive waste would destroy every cell in your body possibly causeing cancer and if not a small mutation poibbly and extra to or something
It is.
Kammerjunk: Im wasnt that good in biology, is this telomerase business about the chromosomes getting shorter over time, leading to a point where they can no longer participate in mytosis --> death?
and then my grammar crashed.
so much science
Alchemist: Neither was I, but that sounds about right.
all the science
Alchemist i'm better with chronological matters.
What does ninja'd mean? Vanished in smoke?
allponiesarebestponi, I know, just pointing a finger on how ridiculous comic book heroes can be
Everlasting_Joy the Person who drives me there XD, just someone from the german bronys Forum who drives there and who offered to carry people from my region,
even thought they ARE awesome
for a 13 year old im pretty smart sorry every pony
MASF123: It means someone said something RIGHT before someone else.
They ninja'd that person.
MASF123 to do something like a ninja. like say i ninja'd your waffles. that means i took them and you never noticed.
well for 13 year olds nowadays
Like if two people want to say "FIRST", the guy who did it first is the ninja.
maah waffles
and the telomerase enzyme is preventing that damage? (being the telomer part of the chromosome getting shorter)
what about PIRATE
I will go with Kammerjunk's definition, if that's fine with you.
ima play portal :P
Pirates are awesome
allponiesarebestponi: You can be relatively smart within certain standards, but otherwise there most likely people that has the same level of intellect as you
Yarr harr fidle dee dee.
MASF123: I think both are correct, though.
They just apply to different situations.
For real?
Oh, and guys, you know what's a cool thing? Nanotechnology.
^
^^
^^^
Kammerjunk: which part of it?
Kammerjunk: We need it to happen cause, Deus ex is the future!!!
Alchemist: The part that doesn't create monsters, because this isn't a sci-fi horror film.
Something to do with microscopic robots living in your blood stream?
The only place I know nanotech from is ratchet and clank.
Kammerjunk: I though more like the nanocarrier, the surface chemistry, the physical properties (like quantum dots)
nantech re-fuels your health in Ratchet and Clank
MASF123: Well, that's more likely than you think. Apparently, a bunch of eggheads have managed to make a bionic cell which can do basic arithmetic.
killerpony7733: i said after words smart for 13 yr old nowadays and i should have said around here in my town alot of 13 yr olds are really dumb sorry for not saying that earlyer token of sorrow :(
nanorobots that could repair something u can :D
Alchemist: Oh, good. Well, I don't know about quantum stuff, but yeah.
11,01Science!
MATH Mental Atacks Towards Humans
Kammerjunk, now that's just crazy talk.
it's not real science if it doesn't involve glowy stuff in test tubes
Kammerjunk: if all goes well I'll be an assistant on a nanochemical research from september
scootaloo
Suddenly Scootaloo
dammit internet
11,01Rina-chan!
Scoots! =D
00,03I call it "Random Rina Rants"
allponiesarebestponi: You can feel like you are smarter then your peers due it being quite correct, But in the whole world itself people most likely share the same level of intellect like you. Just never let it go to your head, You are always smart by somekind of standard in the end
:D
MASF123: And with that, I mean that the goal they have is to make it able to respond differently to different stuff. Like it could be designed to take a signal from an infection as input, and the output would be to deliver the proper treatment.
Or RRR for short.
Alchemist: Oh? That's pretty awesome.
lol
awesome
damn rinas talented
00,03Expect more... whenever I feel like it :S
by the way, speaking of thisn futuristic Stuff, Professors and Studens from the universary of (I forgot) they managed to combine Platic with Muscles (in that case, Rat-Hearts) to make it move on itself in water like a jllyfish
11,01I never heard mine. :<
killerpony7733: wow inspiring ( not sarcasim either if it sounds like it
prepare for songs :D
11,01My grandmother was calling me to fix pizza and I had to go.
LOL the literal version
lol
I like this songs.
LOL
this song*
Heya guys :) How are y'all?
allponiesarebestponi: I suppose if you want to see it like that, I'm mostly stating facts
MaxTheBrony: Hiya
now im mad so kick the apples!
hahahahahahahahaha
/me wants pizza now!
i'm good MaxTheBrony how about you
hai MaxTheBrony
Nittany_Discord: Did you manage to repair the pizza?
no load
/me gives pizza to MASF123
alexxm: im good thank you ^^
please buffer
11,01XAX: Yes.
Silly animation errors.
:D
11,01It was a quick fix.
/me doesn't know if she should skip school tonight or not
how was that and animation error
Nittany_Discord: What was the dilemma?
Oh the irony...the pizza is on the other side of the screen. :/
11,01Pepperoni popped off.
Nittany_Discord: Oh the humanity.
11,01Took a nail to it.
11,01Fixed.
Pizza?
AttacktheAndalite: In the words of the terminator: Dont do dat.
dat snort
cadances wings are used only once
wtf
i love that Alicorn
11,01Cadence wasn't supposed to have wings.
But then Hasbro wanted it?
Cadance is an Alicorn?
have Gigabitharmonie streamed any? ( DjNilla is streaming but you know what i mean ^^)
yes
lol
Liokin: Well, I only have 3 dollars in the bank and I don't have the gas to make it to school, which is 20 minutes away and the only way to get there is the Interstate
Nittany_Discord: they put that in there so that twilight and her wouldnt die when they were falling
truer words were never spoken
Nittany_Discord: deus ex machina in anutshell
yeah
MaxTheBrony: Nope no giga stream as of yet,
AttacktheAndalite: Car-pool
Where do alicorns come from anyways? they seem to be rare and they tend to be more powerful than your averag pony.
Liokin: Hiya bud /)
killerpony7733: phew :) thanks
ffffffuuuuuuuuuu ohei the Boondocks :3
Lets have a sing along!... Three months of winter coolness, and awesome holidaaays!
do children of night (in my mind)
killerpony7733: Sup bro /)
11,01If they had kept Cadence a unicorn, they probably would have used Twi-port.
Oh hey, that show made by a black about a black family parodying black people.
@Scoot-Scootallo, Que?
MaxTheBrony: I hope I don't miss his next one.
by a black man*
XAX: Me neither :D the last one was awesome
Liokin: My friend who lives minutes away from me is at school early for something relating to one of his classes and our class tonight doesn't start till 6
blackception
all the white
hipster riley
Anyone know if its out on youtube yet?
The live stream*
MaxTheBrony: I listened to it for a good 4 and a half hours
Alchemist: Not really sure, it's explained all ponies are older then alicorns since celestia and luna arrived to canterlot when discord was reigning
So, you like Pizza...
lawl
11,01XD
Liokin: Had a good day?
Max Payne 3 narration
Liokin: Which means that he'd have to drive from Broad River to Two Notch and then BACK to Broad River, and then bring me home after class
AttacktheAndalite: Take the ride with him and be there early.
Celestia has lived for over 100 years.
I'm guessing you are watching Boondocks?
ViVi is streamin?
for over 1000 years i think
i thought scoots was?
killerpony7733: Just woke up.
00,03Yes, Vivi is streaming...
Liokin: Had good sleep then?
...vivi isn't even on IRC
I don't think Cadance lived for that long...1000 years.
11,01And Scoot-Scootaloo is Vivi.
she must be streaming.
why would vivi be streaming this
^^
AttacktheAndalite: My point! Is that you shouldnt miss school ya' fily.
00,03Because Vivi is MLG LEGIT
:P
^
Liokin: I don't know how long he'll be there before 6. I still have to drop my niece off at her grandparents house, and they're not home
killerpony7733: Cant complain.
Chrysalis: u srs
Totally acurate
police have worst aim
O.o those polices
shit just got real
Stormtrooper aim
/me noms on Scoot-Scootaloo
Alchemist: haha
08,01so apparently, i work a lot better when trying to impress someone
Liokin: Eeyup i slept well too, played some tribes ascend etc
Scoot-Scootaloo: Time to change my clan tag to Vivi
11,0190F. Pfft.
AttacktheAndalite: Drop em' off with your hubby and take the ride to school.
08,01my supervisor likened my flitting around the server room, tapping on keyboards, and fiddling with things, to The Doctor in his TARDIS
i fucking hate jasmine so much
AttacktheAndalite: Or pan your colt for some extra bits and make it to school. -lol
Liokin: My boyfriend lives two and a half hours away.
killerpony7733: Kool.
dat woman be evil
AttacktheAndalite: Dayum.
00,03volume is going to mute for a teeny bit, hang on
AttacktheAndalite: Dont skip! >:3
String_Shredder: inviet me clan pls I HUD
I gud*
overkill
Wrek your criticism is amazing
Liokin: Yeah. So I'm waiting for my niece's grandparents to get home because her dad stays with them. But I'll see if my friend can pick me up, or at least one of them.
AttacktheAndalite: Your smart. And I know you could get there if you wanted to. -lol
moar lemonade
Bronysith, Someone's been naughty~
00,03Funfact: I have one dimple :)
11,01She's smart.
XAX: Wrong clan, I'm thinking CoD
Scoot-Scootaloo: can i please punch jasmine?
I don't even know what a dimple is.
00,03She's like the Sweetie Belle of this show!
whats a dimple?
11,01Yay corporate exploitation!
the hell is a dimple
String_Shredder: PC? :|
Scoot-Scootaloo: except 100000 millino times more annoying
big business man?
O.o
it's like a freckle
00,03It's that concave thing people sometimes have
/me hands AttacktheAndalite a muffin "Good Girl, Get that knowledge"
Nittany_Discord: mr wonceler is EA
00,03on their cheek*
pony?
O.o
alexxm, Alchemist, Kammerjunk: It's like a tiny indent in your cheek
A pony
Ponies!
XAX: xbox
PONY
AttacktheAndalite: Ah.
Obvious brony.
String_Shredder: Ah.
Omg i love this girl naow :D
YAY
woah
brony is WIN
he a pony master
Hello!
haha
So Awesome
Kammerjunk: And the good thing is that it's natural. Some people have them, some don't
Heya Barbetos
Hey Barbetos
hey Barbeto's how've you been
lol
LOLOLOL
hai Barbetos
haha
hai Barbetos
00,03Nittany, I thoink you would be interested in this episode!
00,03think*
hi Barbetos
well this guys an ass
Hey alexxm I am actually in a really good mood today. How are you?
lol
Bribe with ponies?
One little pony!
"You know, I raise ponies." That's the beginning. Soon, he's going to ask her to get in the car.
i'm good Barbetos
A little pony? can I choose which one?
inb4 he gives her trixie
11,01Scoot-Scootaloo: I can already predict where it's going.
a white black man Obama\
Imma gonna go slay some dragons, burn some villages and get the goddamned smithing skill to 70. Will be back in a bit.
lemonade is now serious business
oh wow, l4d2 minecraft map
O.o
endorsed on official servers
Chrysalis, IKR!
he hatin
1.1GB download
He's a pony hater!
It's so awesome
sam davis juinor is best juinor
That guy is a pony hater O.o
And now, 'MURICA at its finest, as shown in this episode
anypony up for a game tonight?
Pony hater
Chrysalis: on what?
wat
LOL
MaxTheBrony the l4d2 minecraft map
She got ripped off.
hate detected fir the orbital friendship cannon! :O
God damnit huey. So I herd you hate ponies? I knew a guy who hated ponies. I placed a Twi plushie on his grave....
Chrysalis: Im in :) if theres room
fire the orbital cannon!
I find it funny that my good mood coincides with having the trololol song stuck in my head XD
Do i need to download the map somwhere?
its a 1.1gb download as a warning
What O.o
haw?
why is it so big Chrysalis o.O
no idea
Dude, back the fuck off. She's only a little kid.
Liokin: Lol
evil fat capitalist business ban :(
That's what she said.
any mods mind if i link the page where the download link is?
man*
I'm sorry
she spill it at least
MahBoi777: Just saiyan.
dat is so cruel
D: That girl needs a pony right naow
He is mean
00,03Only through PM's, Chrysalis
kk
this is how people reacted to Derpy basically
lol
She wants a pony, actually.
Ponies... grow on trees?
Must try it
Fluttertree
TO SCIENCE!
:D
so much hate, so little ponies
God dammit, Jasmine.
lol, Soap Box
If I could grow ponies I would be a rich man thats for sure.
Huey is always the voice of reason.
Oh, I remember this episode.
/me wants lemonaid
wow, a G3 Poster
Hey everypony
hi Very_Silly_Filly
hai Very_Silly_Filly
hey Very_Silly_Filly how've you been
Hey Very_Silly_Filly
This stereotype is absolutely disgusting.
Well. I've been hungry
Hello Very_Silly_Filly
In fact. I'm still hungry
Ponies.
This is a good idea.
officer uncle ruckus is the best cop
Michael, this episode is trying to teach us hate. Don't give in to it.
Lol Uncle Ruckus, you so crazy
Officer Uncle Ruckus, dear God run!
/me wants a pony
lol i knew hed say that :D
G3.5 is even worse...
sucking up 101
/me wants a pet wolf
xD
g3.6 is the worst of them all
/me 11,01gives Michael a pony.
B-Y: I see your G3.5 and raise you by G3.6.
That white cop doesn't like Uncle Ruckus because of the color of his skin, he see's him as a minority.
B-Y, no. I'd rather see G3.5 or even G3.6 over this.
/me pets the pony
uh?
yay thanks
lol
its 3.5G an its gettin' higher !
118 times?
Kandarihu: Hey, this is Boondocks. Boondocks is good.
:D
Applechip: They didn't hit once.
G3.5 isn't that other Pony cartoon?
That fatty
O.o
fat woman is fat
B-Y, it's the worst generation of MLP ever made.
how about something different? ... like Melonade?
and G3.6...? I never heard of it
Kammerjunk, about half of these episodes are hate-mongering. And this is one of those episodes.
:P sound delious
Neither have I
or it's that loosy spinoff of baby Ponies?
delicious*
WHAT
:(
11,01Inb4 there was no pony
D:
:'(:'(:'(:S
Old gangsta shit
Ed Wuncler should be imprisoned.
AttacktheAndalite, I agree. I totally agree.
Poor girl
D:
damn
That watch is pic
DED
poor girl :(
It's Bacon and Applejack!
AttacktheAndalite, the running gag is Wuncler and Ed and Rummy avoid getting areested because they are white.
yay huey
suddenly protest
^^
Did Huey find the hippies?
we are the 99%
Kammerjunk: It sure seems like it
xD
11,01This is awesome.
lol
hippie protest
lol
MASF123, that's also a racist stereotype.
There... IS no pony
11,01Ponies!
That's a horse, you speche
PONIES
I really like her mane!
OH NO G#
3
Wuncler is a parasprite I tells you! :O
THAT LOOKS NOTHING LIKE CELESTIA
inb4 terrible looking hore
OH GOD ITS G3!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sagas: I tought you weren't here
AttacktheAndalite: What is dis shyt! >:3
What would be your reaction at the possibility of a "Baby" MLP 4?
everypony run
...made by children!
Liokin: BLASPHEMEH!
Huey doesn't think it will work, but this is the kind of protesting that ended segregation and the Vietnam war
B-Y: O.o no way
B-Y no thank you
APPLEJACK! :O
yeah, that's better to stick with the main series
MURICA
:D
Poor Horse D: and girl
Wow cuttershy did it again
00,03dat hit and run
$300?!?!?!?
they really shouldve read the contract
I think you have to be 18 to sign a legal contract
Not sammy D:
lol
xD
haha
hey man fuck yall!
Dat ban evasion
murica
:D
allponiesarebestponi, this sort of stuff can happen anywhere else.
Funny time to login, hello everypony.
Those ponys are enslaved by the white man. :(
Heya Ilchymis
:)
heat makes ppl crazy
wtf
hey Ilchymis how've you been
Huey wins.
from heat to snow!?
I have been doing well, thank you.
'dat newspaper made me lol
MASF123: *by the corporate man
hai Ilchymis
MASF123, racist memes are racist.
twilight_sprinkle same shit different toilet
And marxist memes are no less wrong.
11,01Big business is cruel, isn't it?
I wonder how human will look like in the show...
O.o
Nittany_Discord, Valve is a big business.
Jazmine, don't even think about it
yea i know
Nittany_Discord: That's why you always count on the big guns.
MASF123: lol so youre saying that white man=corporate evil?
o_O
Ah :D
11,01Kandarihu: True.
dat dubs
B-Y: hopefully we will never see
O_O
05time for me to watch the avantasia concert again :3
Mexican dash!
урааа
11,01Forgive me for generalizing.
Borah???
Wrek: Hooty hoo!
FRENCH DASH!
well sagas... what about transform all the humans into ponies?
lol
Whay?
Ahh thats too cute XD Borah!...
Every french cartoon sounds the same O.o and i know french
11,01jaaaaay.
Hoorah
URA!
ураааааааа!
Mas Burrteh
Russian is best.
B-Y: Im happy with just watching ponies
lawl
If we truely value peace, we need to be able to love Valve more than we hate EA.
Hello my fellow bronies!
Its cute in ever language! XD
borah
hai Zanon
Heya Zanon :)
no...I'm saying many coporate conglomerates are white and most happen to be a bunch of money loving scumbags, twilight_sprinkle
B-Y: But references are nice every now and then
dat french
Love how RD shouts like she's trying not to wake up her mum
Why isnt the swedish in this?
In the chinese version
D:
hnnng
I see
11,01OK Pinkie Pie.
The world dont like seden D:
Only the dead can know peace from this EA.
Sweden*
God I love russian.
MASF123, the exact same thing can be said of the Occupiers.
who else saw dolphin dream
Occupiers?
To go to bed later than 6 PM?
You know, the Occupy Wall Street mess?
http://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p197/lzanon/MLP%20pics/000zanonnrarity.png
MASF123: everyone is a money-loving scumbag, irrelevant of skincolor.
It's cocaine, don't lick the snow! :O
i love this song for some reason
twilight_sprinkle: What are you on about? I'm nothing like tyat
cocanium
Zanon: Is that your PC?
I'm a gun loving scumbag
brb
Zanon: OC
The love of money is the root of all evil. It's not evil in and of itself, but we must be careful what we do in it's pursuit.
Very_Silly_Filly: you can never really tell until you get the chance.
yeah
B-Y, still not as bad as it was in 1936
Very_Silly_Filly, oh you so silly. :)
I've had the chance, and turned down 200 quid
http://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p197/lzanon/MLP%20pics/00000zanongotbooped1.png
!inbox
any one seen FIM uiltimate abridged seiers
Here in Italy isn't that great...
It sounds awesome :)
back soon going for a walk
http://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p197/lzanon/MLP%20pics/0zanonnrainbowdash.png cuz why not
!mail Flarechaser bueno
Very_Silly_Filly: for what?
If I was a DJ for a night club I would totally play brony music like this XD
I've reached that passing out point of tiredness, so I guess I'll sleep now.
B-Y: yeah, we got coupons
Night all.
damn mail
And then see if anyone notices
Wow... here in Italy, they don't existù
*exist
Barbetos: Btw Is there a club for Brony music :) Anywhere?
have you ever been so tired that you werent
twilight_sprinkle: Someone offered me 200 quid for something cheap. I forget what it was, but I turned down the offer
XAX: Later bro /)
There are only discounts
I used to love the Italian opening until I recently read that it only exists because it's being dubbed by a company that has a monoponily on all the anime licenses and does a bad thing with everything.
See you XAX
Bye XAX
:)
XAX: bye
I think it was actually worth around 30-50
11,01It would suck if that mountain Canterlot was on was really a volcano.
d3d flash is ded
Very_Silly_Filly: sounds like a hoax
Liokin: (\ c:
00,03Puzzles :(
Nittany_Discord: Indeed
Kandarihu
MaxTheBrony seriously doubt it. The closest thing we bronies are going to get are probably going to be meet ups and cons
11,01I love puzzles.
Well, I tuened out down.
Oooh, though call, Kandarihu. I did not know that.
B-Y: here we even have a stupid show about shopping with coupons and paying one cent for everything
/me dusts Nittany_Discord 's puzzle
tough
And even if it was, I'da said noe
Very_Silly_Filly: a quid is 1k?
I'm Italian and I'd be glad to help you about our dubbing kind...
No.
Barbetos: Aw D: .. but still the cons are awesome :)
Quid = pound
yeah, I know that show
/me is the bullet in the gun
/me 11,01hugs Liokin
OH THIS EPISODE! :D
Very_Silly_Filly: k
Oh, it's the R. Kelly episode.
I knew about this coupon business thanks to this show called Extreme Couponing I think?
/me hugs Nittany_Discord back
i am drinking coka cola from a glass bottle it is best
MY SHOW BITCH!
AttacktheAndalite: But me and you arent crazy :(
booty butt
Very_Silly_Filly: but could you say no to 200k, for example
/me is the spark that makes your idea break, the same spark that lights the dark to let you know your left from your right
twilight_sprinkle: Yes.
00,03I forgot all about R.Kelly! You guys wanna see the rest of "Trapped in the Closet"?
Liokin: No we're not
I dodn't need money
11,01Sad how BET is so stereotypical like that.
It was so weird that I wonder if it's true that this coupon business strategy is used for real...
Scoot-Scootaloo: YEEEEES
:DDD gran dad.......
R Kelly again trapped in the closet :D
Golden shower :D :D
11,01Who wants a golden shower?
AttacktheAndalite: But they will always think we are....
He's thinking a golden showerhead, lol
11,01I sell gold-plated shower.
/me gives Nittany_Discord a golden toilet
/me is giving away golden showers
Holla everypony! :)
hoi GilDash
BET=Black. Eeeevil. Television.
Liokin: Unfortunately. Their loss :D
hia Gil
Hola
heyù
:D
AttacktheAndalite: -lol I suppose your right :3
i love spanish
MAS its black EVIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIL television xD
lul
lol
allponiesarebestponi: 'Twasn't Spanish I spoke. :D
Heya everypony!
haha, pony_6861
pony_6861: EEEEEEEEEVIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIL
advertising underage fetish porn
11,01The world needs more gold-plated showers.
hoi MaidWhite
:D
11,01MaidWhite!
@Nittany_Discord, wtf! Lol.
MaidWhite: Sup bro /)
i know GilDash just saying i love it
/me 11,01hugs MaidWhite
if only this were true
MaidWhite: Your name is getting far and far more silly. :D
exactly
Hi MaidWhite
litler LOL?
/me is hugged and dusts Maid_Discord
Heya MaidWhite
:)
why are they having this conversation
/me 11,01dusts MaidWhite with pegasus feathers
haha dunno
What good would a gold shower even do?
!!! :O
allponiesarebestponi: cause riley..
:D bed wetting = underage fetish porn being video taped
/me starts to giggle as he is ticklish
/me bobs head
Mini-Me is little!
Bahahaha
aw not the cat
The mentality that Riley I'm hearing is dusturbingly common.
Whoop! My internet's decided to play ball today.
he is kinda right but its still illegal
Er, the things that Riley is saying.
/me 11,01is so pretty
GilDash: Hiya!
Dat PSP
so that makes it okay
3 of them
killerpony7733: Holla!
-lawl
twilight_sprinkle: Opal no
11,01Hey.
:D
Hey Guuurl!
He is speaking the truth ^^
bear grills aproved episode
Yay maids!
haha
11,01Yay!
Damn kick of the old guy O.o
kung fu cholars?
scholars
With the pink neo coat.....Oh hell...
I like it how the scholars kick ass.
4 on 20
420 lol
trapped in the closet
I sell propane and propane accesories.
At least, in the Boondocks, a protest turning violent also turns everyone into martial artists.
Hello everypony
:p
i'm back
Heya Dark92Enigma :D
Wellcome back
Dark92Enigma: Sup bro /)
/me dusts Liokin_Maid Maid_Discord
/me dusts maid_killerpony7733
/me is now covered in pineapple juice...
/me drys and dusts MaidWhite
Dark92Enigma, good to have you back.
:D blind guy shot 3 ppl from 50 yrds away
I know, i missed Star Wars : Empire Strikes Back, but i had to study for two tests........TWO TESTS! And i'm just done with one of them
11,01Hey Maidsurge.
Ruckus is always prepared
Wat
Danke! I fell up the stairs with a whole pint of pineapple juice and it went all over me
Hah, that blind man had better accuracy than the average Stormtrooper.
Boondocks? I approve
Blindness isnt an excuse??
dat piano~
Is the Lawyer black? or is he white?
the extent to which niggers love R Kelly
O.o
Liokin_Maid: It isn't
Hello Nittany_Discord :D
Phenix Wright
Very_Silly_Filly: Damn...
Adam West!
Or
i recognize that voice
Ah
Adma
yes...
yes
OBJECTION!
Adam west Aka Adam west or Batman :D!
And i also missed ''Something something something Dark Side'', but i've seen it before..................SPOILER ALERT! No, Luke ....i am your father
Yes. Very much so YES
Batman is now a defence attourney
Max the Brony, you mean Tom DeVoir? Oh, he's white. -_-
f
yep, still psychos
nanananananana BAT LAYWER!
Yeah, child sex is pretty sick.
yes
yep, still disgusting
^^
yes, we do actually
Yes we do! >:3
11,01Child sex is sick and traumatic.
I'd call the Japanese example disgusting. And there are a lot of Japanese who would also call that disgusting.
yeah, all vlid evidence
valid
11,01It's illegal for a reason.
Child sex is sadistic and fucktarded.
Yeah
^
throw the racism card :O
interestingly, the rape statistics are extremely low in Japan afaik
the examples are all irrelevant, the law says that it is illegal, thatds final until it gets chainged
@Maid_Discord: Agreed it is sick
In Japan they Got more honor ^^
Atleast they had
Omg....are you serious....Someone ask him to define racism!
@Maid_Discord, it's illegal because it's wrong, not because it is discusting.
Oh, times like these, I'm glad I'm in this part of the internet. Many people elsewhere on the interwebs would be all for child sex. I'm proud of you guys.
Let's hope it's never changed, Lil_B
:)
EWWWW
Btw we maybe shouldnt talk about this
MASF123: Its wrong and disgusting! >:3
lets end the conversation here ^^
:D
00,03Umm...
o_o
Liokin_Maid I agree.
/me starts dusting the chat while humming a tune
what the hell...
lol dat riley
05the fuck did i just return to
haha
lol
Wrek: Ikr
00,03viewers descrition is advised....
Wrek: Golden showers
popcorn lol.
That as xD
00,03OH GOD
it proves everything
._.
ass*
05under 15 is off limits. period.
11,01Ewwwwwwwwwww.
EWWWWWWWWW
Ah cmon!! XD
Liokin_Maid, the race card is disturbingly common to play. I forgot what year this episode was made, but over half of Obama's adminsitration, that's basically the entire defense for all of his policies.
ewwwwwwww
Guilty!!
btw My next test is at 6pm.....chances are, i'll get here by the end of the trilogy by 9pm-ish.............so this means I WILL SEE ''It's A Trap''!
iz cool
Wrek: thats a low limit....
Wrek: Since when was Boondocks under 15?
You wassup! Riley! \O/ :D
Kandarihu: But look at this evidence!!
lol
Kandarihu: Theres nothing racial about it!
that girl O.o
fo show
Ew
btw, did the stream explode when Darth Vader said : I AM YOUR FATHER?
05sagas: depends on waht country you're from
11,01She wears censor glases.
lol
05seeing the us has what. 21 on everythign or something
:D
Dark92Enigma, yes. It exploded early
she is sencored
i wonder why
Wrek: 15 is rather low for golden shower fetish porn
xD
omg...*face hoof*
did he let his daughter watch that video :D
this court need more OBJECTION
This trial is so BS
haha
/me NINTENDO: NOW YOU'RE PLAYING WITH PEDOPHILIA........AND THAT'S JUST WRONG
R Kelly is a strong independant black woman who don't need no man
XD
sadly so accurate
oh no, a white person!
HEY EVERYPONY! :p
Dark92Enigma the reference! I got it!
:D
String_Shredder, where?!?!?! :O
/me waves at Ponies47
smell like pledge
Kandarihu *sighs* i had to study for two tests, so i missed it..........we can still see it at friday movie nights?
right?
oh no... we vote
0asf123: over there!
It would be funny if that girl were to appear in a later episode, and her eyes are still censored because of what happened to her in a totally different episode.
I prefer Anime animated shows before the Shows like bewvis and butthead animated .
how awful :|
Hang that n*gga I gotz the rope right here!
i'm back
that makes everything alright
xD
i got one :D
objection!
sigh.....-lol
Objection overruled
this is retarded :D
im thinking of Phoenix wright :D
Dr Brown is good
I dunno why
^^
00,03You tell 'em, Batman!
What is this show? this is totally crazy!
amurica
very very retarded :D
XD
Lil_B btw is the ''California'' kid in this one?
Eli, it's The Boondocks
Eli: Boondocks
Um, this is what sophistry is, right?
Patriotism is a dangerous weapon
haha
Dark92Enigma yes, that was in the Wizard :)
After all, he's Batman
Adam West!
this is just crazy...
An appeal to passion.
Mmm hmm
To dumb it down: the us pissed on R. Kelly
Lil_B IKR? But is he in this Boondocks episode <------
?
:D
lol
this what happens when people think with emotions rather than logic
wat....
wtf
11,01Now piss on the jury.
That dance xD
lol
'dat judge
Racism is shameful.
String_Shredder, that's not dumbing it down further. It's very hard to dumb it down further than it already has.
Dark92Enigma Oh... I don't know, I didn't paid that much attention to something like that Oo
I guess R Kelly can get away with urinating on a 14 year old
he said it he said the N word
Oh ok Lil_B
on video
Huey being bad-ass
oh, shit
show them kid!
Huey being awesome.
the kid is boss
some goddamn sense!
THANK YOU
a 5th grader.................smarter?????
Huey turning out to be the voice of reason.
lol
RainBowJack, that's not right that's not HIS word.
:O
The judge was dancing too. He's partial to R. Kelly
Ilchymis: as always
yep pinkiepie is best ponyhttp://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p197/lzanon/MLP%20pics/00pinkiepuenzanon.png
Huey's always the voice of reason
MASF123 but he said it
Oh no!
:O
Zanon: thats not how you spell rainbow dash
Not as worse as the O.J. trial
meh, patriotism
this is dashie http://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p197/lzanon/MLP%20pics/0zanonnrainbowdash.png
lol
Just asking: Do they really pull of shit like that in the US?
of coarse I can!
The problem here is racial solidarity. And the solution is simple, but it's not easy. We need to start looking at each other simply as human beings, not as white people or black people.
im so confused
what's that OC?
Zanon: youre flarechaser?
Eli: exageratef
d
00,03Trapped in the closet is coming up after some Slender!
Dat credit music :P
twilight_sprinkle, what patriotism?
Eli: exagerated social commentary
twilight even loves zanon http://i128.photobucket.com/albums/p197/lzanon/MLP%20pics/00tilightwantsahugnzanon.png
Kandarihu Totally my point
Going to make lunch. Please ping me if something cool happens.
nononononononononon on onononononononononononon!!!!!!!!111
Zanon: y u so small? :3
i hate this game
zanon is a foal
slender no
amnesia again?
Scoot-Scootaloo is that you in the screen? If so, break the 4th wall!
colt
hehe my friend and me did that with Project zero
sagas: SLENDER
prob smaller than the cmc
Dark92Enigma, that doesn't really sound like him.
Kandarihu: the whole 'gotta love yer own people' thing
00,03I WISH I looked as cool as Jordan...
Black and Red OC, close relation to mane six, all art usin Pony creator
yeah Zanon please stop this
oh its captainsparklez
allponiesarebestponi: I know about slender man, but never this game
Kandarihu......Come to think of it........he doesn't. LOL!
hes gonna shit himself
this game is almost as bad as amnesia
who is that in the stream?
Alchemist: captainsparkles
Amnesia isn't all that scary
welp looks like it's about time for me to be hittin' the old dusty trwail.
Hi everypo- ooh Slender! :O
dont look at him
oh I think I saw some of his lets plays.
hai MegaMoonShine
Heya MegaMoonShine :)
OH NO TREES SO SCARY
paper
so much fluttershy
who goes out in the woods in the middle of the night to look for book pages?
Is this game scary?
/me hugs Michael and MaxTheBrony
:D
If I'm aware that I'm facing an attempt to scare me that doesn't pose any threat (such as a thrill ride, or a haunted house), it's a lot harder to me to get scared.
MaxTheBrony: nope, not at all
/me hugs MegaMoonShine
not a good choice of song
00,03lag spike coming >_<
I dont got why Pewdiepie got so scared of this game
D:
See you all. It's 1:41 p.m. and I have not slept the whole day.
the song Giggle at the Ghostlie comes to mind
Bye MASF123
Bye MASF123 :)
Bye MASF123
Because Pewdiepie's a pussy
everfree forest?
bye MASF123
RainBowJack, exactly.
Very_Silly_Filly: true :D
08,01Kandarihu: what about me wearing nothing by a chainmail jockstrap, in a dark room, where the walls are coated in oil?
08,01is that scary?
nope, hes gonna see him off in the distance first. Thats how slenderman works
O______________0
/me leaves with Pinkie Pie's party cannon
00,03o_-
owaw, they ponified ff7
I don't get why Let's Players are so popular
08,01also, i have a deck of cards
That would be creepy.
the slender is a treeman he is a faceless entity that likes being near children he is 8 ft tall his outfit is a buissness suit he can kill you easily
08,01Alchemist: no, just the cards
with out trying
I dont find this nujmiok,lp;['']'
HES HERE!
I'm back and I brought bacon.
08,01Liokin_Maid: my mane smells of manly musk
*scary
My mane smells of cake and gunpowder
08,01Alchemist: do you *know* what can be done with playing cards?
Yep, he gonna shit himself
08,01i assure you, some of the things i can think of are *not* pleasant
fence?
climb the fence?
This looks so boring .__.
the everfree forset
Someone should have stayed home and played video games
he there
existant
OH NO A MODEL
Wah, I'm a pansy, the stream is scary!
A STICK FIGUTE
hes getting closer
Slenderman?
He's everywheeeere!!! :O
*figure
Prepare your body
a page
Page there
08,01Liokin_Maid: shit, you know my secret! i'm actually a really nice guy!
dat page
Im not superstitious.
HOLD ME! D:
You dont know enough about The Slenderman
how did he not notice the page
I hate lets plays usually
isn't there a page on that tree there?
I'm a very very good spotter
twilight_sprinkle: Yeah D:
Yep
Okay. I admit. That would be scary. But even scarier than what you're planning on.
Y u skip?
So I see something and they don;t, I'm like ARGH
rest area
a chair :O
00,03Best part XD
:D
Help us, Mr Chair! Pleeeaaaase!
WHY ARE THESE PAGES SO IMPORTANT!
inb4 slender is in the building
sagas guess no littering is allowed
Rule number 3. : beware of bathrooms!
Who goes wondering into the woods at night with a dieing flashlight?
hi everypony!
Why go there by night? at least you'll have the advantage of seeing!
sagas: Isn't it obvous ? the main character is Twilight Sparkle trying to retrieve her friend ship report
who's playing?
sagas: boy scouts
He's going to pop up... lol
lets hope the slenderman didnt drink too much water
hi somepony_else :)
hai somepony_else
Hahahaha
hahahahah
hey MegaMoonShine and Michael
haha
lol
somepony_else: Sup bro /)
hi some
xD
Ohlolololol
-lmao
That didn't scare me at all
Told you he wold shit himself
haha he craped himself
HE DED
that's what you get for breaking rule number 3^^
somepony_else *
Heya somepony_else ^^
Wow, he lived
shitballs
hey Liokin_Maid /)
i wonder what happens if you continue looking at him
:D
DED
Drinking my lemonade. It's alright lemonade.
how long til it kills him?
Just scared the crap out of my cat
hallo Lil_B and MaxTheBrony
dis is now good
:D
yeah
:)
05i find the mechanics funny
slenderman is surrounded by electro-magnetic fields it would seem
.__. he lived!
Wrek: Ikr
what is the game called?
He has the effect of fucking with electronics
I read the rules :D
RainBowJack: Slender
Slenderman has got EMP powers
To be honest, I haven't played a lot of survival horror. So I can't guarantee that I can laugh off those like I laugh off the other pranks.
twilight_sprinkle: put him in a faraday cage. problem solved
Know your Slenderman cannon, people. It could save your life
/me 11,01dusts Cuttershy with his feather duster
rule number 3, dude!
Very_Silly_Filly, that's no EMP.
What happens when you get all paper? Game over?
You dont fuck with slenderman
Hmmm. Okay
Cuttershy: You could have just invited a few ponys to your channel you know -lol
MaidSurge: I net he kills you
/me dusts Cuttershy
bet
Slenderman emits an anti-electronic EMP field... I thought everyone knew that.
brb
You know Slenderman is impossible to defeat when even my artillery sets don't have any effect
he he he that tickles :D
Guys, that's not EMP. If it were EMP, that camera would be dead forever.
Ilchymis: They will be the first to go when we all get lost in the woods
maybe Slenderman has a lot of Magnets
sagas: he pops out, he says "a winner is you" and bam, game over :D
Kandarihu: Its a static interference signal, likely radiation
sagas, okay. That makes sense.
I know Alchemist, it was redundant.
cool page
11,01Isn't Slenderman from Silent Hill?
Runing thrugh a dark forest with a dead flashligt is a dream of mine^^
He's only got 2 pages?
a lot of users!
Also doesnt help that Slenderman is imortal. You cant kill him, only run
I don't think so Maid_Discord :S
right behinf you :D
Calling that an EMP is like seeing a harmless little pop that makes a loud banging sound and proclaiming BAYSPLOSIONS!
:D
xD
I'd be fine in this situation. I'd be heavily armed
*behind
he died
-lol XD Book it man!
05what a silly gam
05e
you gotta run when he pops out
o_O
Maid_Discord: nope, he originated on a fake paranormal photos thread on Something Awful
back
Wb Ponies47
Wb Ponies47 :)
MaidSurge: He was on 4chan long before then
Heya Wrek
Ponies47: Sup bro /)
Heya Ponies47 wb
Thanks mate :3
/me rates
Wrek: SCP-087 is worse. Its literally a staircase simulator.
2 days 5 hours 8 minutes
Liokin_Maid: (| Nothing much
sagas: no, I'm sure 100% he was born there
need more terror games
*(\
11,01I'm going to play this.
05but it wouldnt scare ,e .|
11,01And laugh.
05me :|
haha :D
Maid_Discord: :D
A Recap
nice :D
Nononononononono!!!
Scoot-Scootaloo: Scoots! :D
teh drama
Brb. I am fucking starving
MaidSurge: Maybe, I havent looked up anything about him in a long time
I might play this too, but only on my mom's laptop.
o_O?
Moar Trapped In The Closet! :D
What part are we on?
dunno :D
lik dis if u crie evertim
What part of Trapped In the Closet are we on?
what going on
I'm awake for 9 hours now and all I had was a Bun and a Banana and some tea...
11,01Cool story Scoot-Scootaloo
oh its that bit with the silly music lol
Trapped in the closet?
allponiesarebestponi: Trapped in the closet
I think I should get something :/
oh
oh the drama...
What a story, Mark
oh
still a better love story than twilight
nice chat ^^ bye I got to add rules 2 my group :D
project X^^
She made cherry pie! Dont forget the pai!
i need my gun Slenderman is after me
allponiesarebestponi: guns wont help you
midget in the oven seems to be pretty common ;P
Slenderman -> http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/033/183/slenderman-2-784777.jpg
i will trty
allponiesarebestponi: Guns won't work. My artillery has no effect. My quantum has no effect.
Can I just spoil Trapped in the Closet for everyone alread?
sagas: why
What a lot of people don't know is that the M word is also a bit of a racist term as well.
can you kill slenderman?
00,03uhhh no
They prefer to be called dwarves.
No.
damn
Nothing can kill him!
allponiesarebestponi: This story/series lasts forever
sagas: lol he has hair in that pic
he got haxx
mmm, thick plot
theres like 35 parts
11,01Oh Scoot-Scootaloo
were on what number?
String_Shredder: -lol /) I know bro I know
Wrong part again
oh god this
xD
midget :D
RIP Headphoneusers
what is this about
PUZZLEEEEEEEEES!!!!
Liokin_Maid: (\
11,01Foiled by the puzzle piece!
WHAT NUMBER PART ARE WE ON!
laggy
something something some CABINET
framerate
LOL
only 13!? :O
theres like 35!
11,01Play the whole thing?
This is insane
who is talking
11,01VEVO?
youtube stops at like 27 for some reason I think
allponiesarebestponi: Scoots
cool
choppy frame rate
VEEEEVO!!!!!
later everypony gotta go
this guy face reminds me of Reggie Films-Aime
bye Michael
11,01Any golden showers in this?
Later Michael :)
See you later Michael.
Fils*
Maid_Discord: Hopefully
bye Michael
Lil_B, cannot unsee
Michael: Later bro /)
crazier with a fish with titties
lol
Smoke weed errday
than
What are we watching?
CrimsonPhoenix Yeah XD
fish titteys are best titties
Very_Silly_Filly: Trapped in the closet
Very_Silly_Filly: trapped in the closet
choppy
Liokin_Maid: (\
Mmmmmmm
very choppy
afk getting something to eat
needs more morgan freeman
He's like santa, how cool.
Black santa
11,01This song is awesome.
Randalf is best pony
Do it den!
I wanna hear morgan freeman say "tittie sprinkles"
disregard females , aquire sleep
hahahaha
Bye Michael
Lil_B: FOOD
we're watching this again
nope, not yet
time goes by
mj?
OW LONG DOES IT TAKE TO GET A SEAT IN THIS RESTAURANT!
HOW
^ :O
will anypony partake in jolly cooperation with me?
sagas: Depends how fat you are. Would take longer to get there
O______________________0
jeez already 2:00
its Lauren Fausts bday!
It's her b-day?!
first i've heard of that
Maid_Discord: This is a song??? I thought it was a movie...-lol
Say WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT?! :O:O:O:O
twilight_sprinkle: Horee sheet
I expect to see R Kelly pissing on somebody soon...
Oh my O.o
OMGGGGGGGGGGGGG
Hooray for Lauren Faust's birthday.
Done
sagas: One would not be uncorrect to presume that would happen
happy b day
Happy birth day lauren :D!
Scoot-Scootaloo: Hapeh Birthday to lauren! =D
Happy B-Day Lauren
11,01I dare you to sing this Scoot-Scootaloo
Maid_Discord: Awesome XD
Whose birthday is it today?
damn!
AttackAndalite|Zzz: Lauren faust's
AttackAndalite|Zzz: Lauren Fausts!
AttackAndalite|Zzz: Lauren Faust
Happy B-DAY Lauren Faust! I hope you're watching this, we're breaking the 4th wall!
Maid_Discord: I double dog dare him -_-
try me
Happy birthday, Lauren
/me tries sagas
/me is tried
/me by twilight_sprinkle
/me licks sagas
Happy happy birthday! Happy birthday Lauren!! :$
11,01Everyone has the same voice.
Dat white suit
alexxm: O_o
11,01:p
Laurens birthday! Party! *Brings out all kinds of party stuff* LET'S PARTY!
Maid_Discord: No Really ?
11,01I just don't know what went wrong!
Maid_Discord: <3
I'm allowed to post links to pics during stream, right? I found one I thought you'd all like...
This is some sort of soul opera
/me brings his Party Cannon
So glad this is not autotuned.
pinkie party for lauren
Twan
/me ignites the Party Cannon
BOOOOOOOOOOM
Big_Macintosh_1992: Pica are fine, it's videos you're not allowed to link
Pics*
sweet.
http://limbero.org/littleleague/40
/me Brings out his par... oH wait I sold it to Lunar_Brony :(
is that
Turk
best song ever
11,01I hear autotune.
longest song ever
What the fuuuuuck
Maid_Discord: No :O
TA-DA
Maid_Discord: That might be a mic effect. I dont think its auto tune. I may be wrong.
say it aint so
how long is this song
ehy guys, where can I post my Pony comic?
with a skillet
hey Dark92Enigma how've you been
If you're looking to post, go to a post office
lol
11,01Asses
asses....
nuck-head asses
11,01Asses
nuckle
is this a parody?
Oh, okay. Hip Hopera
-lol suddenly asses
11,01Asses
A badass has entered the room
OH FOR GOD SAKE. I'm getting shitty signal from my internet. AGAIN
It's taking 2 minutes to load google
Fun Fact: I'm using mIRC, and highlighting doesn't cause my client to do anything.
alexxm I'm fine......missed the Empire Strikes Back because i had to study
It worked!
ok then Dark92Enigma so cm punks a heel now
im drinking coka cola in a glass bottle it is best
allponiesarebestponi: I havent had thaat in ages.
alexxm though i've seen it b4, but i wanted to see the stream explode...........oh well, there's movie night for some reason
alexxm IKR?
Oh for crhist sake
My internet is really really slow
a store near my house about 10 minutes away
can you stop this garbage ......
00,03No.
alexxm And i'm still a Straight-Edge fan
sells it
NO :|
Dark92Enigma same
11,01I want Scoot-Scootaloo to sing this story.
mo
I have one of thos lighteers. I love it.
00,03hahahaNO :|
I'm gonna blow a huge hole in my router in a minute
Scoot-Scootaloo: Sing siing sing!
11,01Tron
Tron = Obvious brony
ASS TO THE MOON
sending people to the moon seems to be common these days
You was druuUUNK!!?
youe were trunnk
im giving up on following this
i have no idea whats going on
Eli: it's a pretty faraway place, yet not enough to not come back :D
00,03I'll explain it after, k?
:D
Woah
Oh mai
Woah
this is interesting
Scoot-Scootaloo: I thought he went to jail for having drugs in his possesion?
he pulls out his gun
Are we only up to episode 11?
Kandarihu: I stopped counting after the brother got shot -lol
Kandahiru: episode 16
11,01Scoot-Scootaloo: http://www.spc.noaa.gov/products/outlook/day2otlk.html <- Very bad weather for you tomorrow.
really these people are adults
I see. Okay. I was looking this up on Wikipedia. Yeah, that was 15. This is 16.
this is like an Music Version of a Nigga Moment from Boondocks oô
extended musical versio*
You've got a gun! Tell them to STFU and wave it >:3
Liokin_Maid: They lack the common sense to do that :D
can i shoot him with a silenced glock 9mm pistol pwease :(
WTF?
xD
Oh mai...
woah
haha
WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
woah
WTF was that shit!
So many plot twist >.>
What a tweest!
this got good
agasn..
why
00,03because.
Gangsta style shooting!
lisa your tering me apar...
-lol mare on mare. Yes.
"you're lucky I like that kind of shit" :D
I have a Brilliant Idea for a New Pistol Design!
shoot Lil_B
Lil_B Let me guess, sights on the side of the gun?
how does this relate to the whole story though? with all the cheating and stuff?
What's on stream?
11,01Boring pony shit.
pyrocatboy yes!
Scoot-Scootaloo: Says the pony with the scoota-aloo name :3 Whats that scoots? You love scoot scootaloo?? >:3 yeah thats what I thought.
Slenderman is following them.
Dat bridge (or is it a tunnel?)
11,01Slendermaid is.
Maid_Discord: -lol
"Phone caaaaaall~" new ringtone right there
Liokin_Maid: i got my gun dont worry it has a semi and automatic setting ill kill it
O___________0
11,01Suddenly different beat.
\______________________/
allponiesarebestponi: -lol
Interesting change of pace.
^
im serioues:| (not really)
where can I put the link for the comic...?
and back to the old rhysthm
rythm*
inb4 gay lovers
11,01A gay priest?
i did not pause it.
There i nothing wrong with being gay.
so 2 black guys love each other on here?
XD
Well, he's living in sin.
Ilchymis: Of course there isnt bro. But I said that cause there making it obvious in this scene that there lovers -lol
11,01XD
or is it a part of his family because if the other black guys part of his family it doesnt make him gay xD
11,01Gooooooooooooooooooooo.
Oh, Liokin_Maid, I did not mean to incinuate that you were against baing gay. Nothing bad meant.
05ofc it does
being* I cannot spell.
Wrek: >:3
11,01*gasp*
Ilchymis: -lol your kool bro /)
Ohai Wrek :3
OH NOES
what a Twist
Did not see the hospital part coming....
whos streaming?
sonicandmario85: Scoots
D:
dude im gonna kill you :F
:O
WHAT BORING
Blasphemy
O.o
brb
play some boomdocks or poneys or some shi ...
This
00,03no.
is
05homosxuals are gaaaaaaaay
05hurrdurrr
xD
Loopy-loo
this is Equestria!
Wrek: well played :D
Go and sin no more.
Poneys or Draongball or somethng cool.
Derpy-derp
what about the legend of korra
Play DBZ Ep 28
11,01You can do it A Pimp named Slickback.
Maid_Discord: -lawl
Wrek: ikr?
SHHHHH
P-p-p-pimpin'
11,01P-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-impin'
Oh my lawd we watching r.kelly
11,01XD
So he's not really repenting.
boomdocks nigguh
Hey AttackAndalite|Zzz!
Hai MaidSurge
the ho ly ghost
11,01This is awesome Scoot-Scootaloo
this is funny
05pony_6861 stop requesting shit
Gee, I didn't mean to complain.
yeah ^^ this is aweseom
05it aint happening unless the streamer wants it to
He got the package!? :O
Wrek im no just typing shit
not*
Nither did I, my suggestions were for after this is over. I like this.
great stream so far Scoot
05I can see here that you are.
hm.....hm..........hm
xD
W-w-w-w-w-what!?
what what what what
11,01Making demands to the streamer when the stream isn't taking requests usually leads to Generation 3 ponies or others.
Maid_Discord: Im kinda warming up to gen 3 ponies -lol
Maid_Discord, isn't that when people demand Ponies?
i thought he just meant this is like boondocks
xD
Maid_Discord, and considering that I prefer that over some episodes of Boondocks, that makes me a VERY dangerous person here.
/me 11,01sets a beat in chat
shit think shit think shit think
this guy is hilarious
11,01Shit and think. Things you do in the bathroom.
Maid 1 im not asking for any type of show just typing 2 i im a fan of ponies just come here for random stuff and movies :))
Maid_Discord: Shit and think
this is gold
11,01pony_6861: We deliver.
better than your average soap opera
Dat belch
Grandads got some pipes on him -lol
hey guys, can I post here the link for my Pony comic?
hey everyone xD
hey Noteworthy :)
no advertising
There you go happy family agan
haha this is funny im really glad you decided to show us this scoot
Old people are a trip :)
Back
Hey Noteworthy
ohai Noteworthy!
-lol dat flinch
The end!
Hai Noteworthy
/me is from da' hood
Noteworthy: Sup bro /)
lol more trapped in the closet :D
11,01Liokin_Maid be representin' maids in the hood.
Maid_Discord: /me holds up a peace sign then dusts Maid_Discord
.../
DA PACKAGE: because sayiing AIDs isn't ghetto enough
-lol
What?
Your ass is grass
And I have a weedwhacke
r
Maid_Discord: And i would be representing all the modest and nice maids? :3
They dun-goofed
Now the Mafia???
brothnlaw
11,01Of course maid_killerpony7733
ass grass
ll4j lol
Maid_Discord: yaay! :P
/me 11,01hugs maid_killerpony7733
LL Fool J :D
/me hugs back Maid_Discord
Wait, May i use the bathroom?
Maid_Discord: Can I represent all the maids who never show up on time, unless there's a strike on? :D
05im gona stick me thumbs in yer eyes and hand on till yer dead!
05hang*
11,01GilDash: Sure.
Pasta
is that mario from the mario bros movie
http://i.imgur.com/B0sfH.png
11,01Ploop.
No, It's sandvich from tf2
11,01This is funny.
What's with the pasta
Brother-Aura: Sandvich!
Pasta factory =D
CrimsonPhoenix: Wow, Rarity looks good with that style
MegaMoonShine, it's Fleur's style
CrimsonPhoenix: I know
And it looks good on her
11,01Oooooh.
Mmm spaghetti!
Arm wrestling? What in equestria
xD
haha
:)
this is awesome
:O
11,01Whoah.
xD
Yeah! >:3 breaak the table!
dream
Awww shit, they ded
11,01It was a dream.
lol
XCD
-lmao XD
Dude been dreaming the whole time lolol
That's a middle finger
IT WAS ALL A DREAM ;D
Just breakin your balls
*:D
its a mario
11,01So awesome.
Aw Scoot-Scootaloo D:
inb4 g3
-lol
WHAT A TWEEST
Its nawt so booring
Lol Scoot-Scootaloo
Now for some boring poy sit-hit
11,01BRB
G3.5!
sauce ball?
King of the sauce ball?
more KOTH
oh god this is best stream
does someone here knows Video Games Awesome?the show)
whaat
I dont like King of the hill :(
And now the chat is going wiiild
somone ping me when this is over
King of the hill yeah
Lil_B, I do
Yay, Scoot-Scootaloo sang!
it's horrible
sauce ball!
Boggle?
sauce ball
sauceball is my favourite sport
Bitch must pitch
CrimsonPhoenix the newest Minecraft Build is uploaded... PONYS!
Next time requests are open, I have a KotH YTP that I'm surprised that nobody's ever done.
Bitch must pitch rule
mr strickland is very versitile
Whoawhooawhoawhoawhoa
Er, surprised that nobody's ever streamed.
i love YT Poop
dat dance
ded
Explosio!
allponiesarebestponi, me too.
Ytp are best
Kandarithu: it can be annoying
Oh god....it changed so much
I remember when it was two guys and a "dad" playing retro NES games
13http://i.imgur.com/PjvyR.jpg
he's so high
AttacktheAndalite: Yep, YTPs are great :D
hello everypony :)
Shizuka how's /mlp/
SAUCE BALL
Hey red_ony :)
Chick Mangoni
Lol Shizuka
13/r/mylittlepony actually
134chan can go die
Shizuka: :D
Reddit?
urgh
Ohai Shizuka
Why is this show funny? or Bevis and butthead? D: i dont find them especially funny
sauce
lol
xD
KKK :D
xD
shit back!
Outfield shit
yo, man
oh god
MaxTheBrony, there's a lot of truth in it. It's realistic humor. It doesn't revel in exagguration as much.
squidbillies
wat
lol
^
I'm back....and KING OF THE HILL?
DDR? -lol
InuYasha theme
!
or maybe not
El mundo ha de cambiar............
brb
Yeah, it took me a minute to figure out where that song came from.
jjkkdjksjkkkdkdfjkfdlsdfjflfj;sj;jdajfka;jsdfksd;flak;sdjdsf;sdfklfj;kdfja;flafjk;ldfjk;fkldjskl;fjlj;sdjalja;lfjd;jsklf;jf;djkfja;lfjklfjskfjdk;faj;dlafljjsfjk;dafjf
Kandarihu: But neither of the shows looks , in an estheticly perspective , very attractive to the viewers eye , and the humor is more amied for ... i dunno :)
Para ir a un futuro ideal, en donde no reine el mal
PONY EPISODE!!!!!!!!!!
Yup. It's a YTP
Mega man!
do?
YTP EPISODE?''''????? IT STILL COUNTS
d-d-d-d-duel?
the hulk theme?
Dat megaman boss intro theme.
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-DUEL!!!!!!!!
o, the dooo was mega man
hater!!!
LOL
FlutterShy dont feed the Parasrites
I remember when YTP actually made no sense
as long as there is no screamer i like it
Molestia?
08,01whee
08,01RainBowJack: yes, my child?
I am ready princess Molestia
F*cking them....
good evening bronystate! :)
derpy_pony: <3
kiki
D'aaaaaaw
08,01RainBowJack: good, then make me a sandwich
etch a sketch
chat derped
No sandwitch
DOOR\
/me loves etcha sketch
08,01door?
making sense is ovverrated...
Pinkie ? you want the other key ?
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
Ive had mine for about 16 years now -lol
Now she has to bone fluttershy..
WHATTTTTTTTTTT
Scoot-Scootaloo: can you stream "what a story mark crusaders"? :D
rainbow dash always dresses in style
so un-rainbow
whoever drew this, respect ^^
Even in YTPs Fluttershy looked soooo cute when she slided into Sugar Cube Corner
lol
08,01what are we watching?
What's that sas?
Haio everybrony.
Scottish_Molestia: youtube poops
hi CountDoofus
COOKIE TIEM
YTP
PORN
hey CountDoofus how've you been
Back
00,03I.. don't even
oh god
08,01in that case, i think i'll get on with some work
11,01I'm back.
Where there's MLP:FIM They pinch back
COME TOGETHER
dat song <3
08,01Maid_Discord!
08,01<3
this makes too much sense to be a ytp
COME TOGETHER!
THE BEATLES FTW
ahh my little youtube poop
08,01MaidSurge: talk meteorology to me!
/me dusts Maid_Discord
...
lol
working on a comic alexxm :)
The yellow mods have been DOUBLED!
/me dusts Maid_Discord and Liokin_Maid
BANJO AND KOOZIE
imdabes :3
CountDoofus can i see it when its done
Skiek.
That's kind of the idea when it's done, alexxm :D
i want their saddle baggs
00,03...eww
wat...
i Have another suggestion: The Great Snail Race edited by Roshua666
Not the bees! :(
dafaq i just see
Nope!
npoe
:D
nope
no
OK
eww
xD
-lol
...........
but lol
WHAT?
better luck next time...
That's a wonderful lesson!
lol
eww
Dat TF2 :p
best lesson of all
Scoot-Scootaloo: ikr?
FLUTTERSHY
/me is gonna go watch the olympics.....
08,01Maid_Discord: so what you one go about calling a hot... steamy... region, experiencing an acute dry spell?
Scoot-Scootaloo: XD
you are all cloppers
xD
08,01*what would one
Lolol [Scootaloo]
I shall use that lesson in collage!
and you know it
not all of us
lol Scoot-Scootaloo
Brazil vs Camaroon
CUM CUM CUM CUM! Remember
who is streaming?
WINTER IS FAR SUPPERIOR!
F*ck boondocks
I prefer the autumn
WINTER OLYMPICS WIN!
F*CK IT
fluttershy
THE OLYMPICS? as in the LONDON 2012 OLYMPICS?
/me is bored
Scoot-Scootaloo: You goood but no where as good as Giga :3
NO
play wakfu next
Get on with it!
NO
THIS IS TERRIBLE
/me 08,01mutters something about that being an unworkable word...
/me is the bullet in the gun
Lol I hear preaching in the background
BOONDOCKS!
YES AD, BLOCK IT
its a good show! STOP HATEIN!
Dark92Enigma: no, the hipster olympics in Wake Forest, N.C.
If I might make a suggestion since you asked, I'd rather you not rerun this show.
LOl
?
:P
i lobe it
String_Shredder: Oh OK
11,01Scoot-Scootaloo is the new R Kelly.
"get on with it!" "yes, get on with it!" "YES GET ON WITH IT!"
lub
Hah.
AURA LIKES MAN
I like Boondocks
i name all coca cola bottle (my first one was stanley the next one is marrisa
we do love boondocks!
Shit Niggar
...
Brother-Aura is complaining about the ads that are popping up.
yes this episode <3
I never watched The Boondocks until Scoot-Scootaloo streamed it. Now I THINK IT'S AWESOME! :3
/me hugs Scoot-Scootaloo "Don't worry. They're crazy"
I hate ads.
Scoot-Scootaloo: I'm fine with this show----
i love Boondocks
CHUCKEN!!!
not boondocks
chicken!!!
08,01Brother-Aura: get adblock
/me has no love for the boondogs
I do.
Oh it's the Fried Chicken Flu episode
this one is pretty good
All for the love of Scootaloo's?
even the Curnal?
PORCH MONKEY!
xD
oh god why
lololo
xD
all this for chicken
lol
>.>
The adblock blocks the ad, but blocks it on the video
GET ON WTH IT!
haha
Scootaloo!
accepted
11,01Better?
Totally not racist commercial
:D
08,01moist ascent... and... precipitation... oh my
xD
/me 08,01fans himself
WW3
Killer astronauts?
/me beatboxes to Scoot-Scootaloo
Cherios. Green beans.
I have a good adblocking list for my ad-blocker.
the crysis...
^
he forgot Call of Duty every year
hah
YEYEH
xD
It is not murder.
fried chicken is murder
YEYEH
It is DELICIOUS murder
lol
How is it murder if they're already dead?
the simpsons did it before
xD
Yeah yeah
nope, your fucked
08,01Maid_Discord: if you keep this up, i might faint
derpy_pony: THE SIMPSONS DID IT BEFORE .....dat meme
tell her she can come, but when it happens dont
Spoiler: They live happily ever after.
See?
11,01Just hydrate yourself with plenty of fluids.
But that's on my mother's laptop. On this old computer, I have RequestPolicy. It restricts cross-domain requests to a whitelist.
Not a spoiler.
now i want some chicken
Everyone lives happily ever after
only 11! :O
Now we have 666!
Well, Huey is pretty much prepared. But he should've told Jasmine to ask her father to prepare as well.
Park and go inside.
O_O
Maid_Discord: need to hydrate? better drink my own piss
several hours?
THERE SMILES! :D
456 out of it, being nemonia!
RIOT!
please go away til we have more chicken
oooh boondocks
this is how race riots start
>runs out of chicken
>riots
Niga gona rage
They ran out of beef
ohh god racism
everyone decided to come to us instead
it was hell
11,01N***** moment incoming?
Maid_Discord: N**** moment incoming
wierd my computers being mean with me
Maid_Discord: already happening
black people...
xD
white people react to running out of bacon = same exact thing
All this over a failure to anticipate demand properly.
MAH BABIEHS WANT THEH FREEEHD CHEEKEN
allponiesarebestponi: never gonna happen
see we are all the same
don't even JOKE about running out of bacon >:U
lol
lawl
we all have craving
sagas: lol
allponiesarebestponi: bacon lasts forever
omg
11,01A chance to f*** the Wonderbolts?
zombies
THE CHICKEN IS A ZOMBIE VIRUS
hey guys Bacon+ chicken!
allponiesarebestponi, I like bacon, but I haven't had much lately.
xD
You wanna know how? BUY AND COOK YOUR OWN CHICKEN
personaly im scared shitless
Kandarithu: same here
http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/4849961_460s.jpg
11,01Mystery virus is the super flavor.
Wow. The newscaster curses on national TV and doesn't break a face.
watermellon car
suddenly it ends
The virus appeared because of the rush of chicken slaughter of chicken at a young age, with the serving with rushed cooking, is the cause of the viruus
Maid_Discord: That's what gives it the unique taste.
xD
11,01derpy_pony: Going to eat that car.
society is 5 squarre meals missed from total anarchy
Fahkeed up sheet
The thing with being prepared is that you can't predict when or what's going to cause society to break down. But just being prepared for whatever.
xD
Ded
Lousville!
DIE
I live 45 min away!
11,01Customer loyalty.
I told you so
11,01Eat the chicken even though it'll kill you.
That In-Your-Face guide
Ahl of eet
"Nigga, what id dis, homework?" :D :D :D
is*
They are ded
they fucked
xD
haha
people nowadays with reading
poor girl :)
They gon' die
can we just kill her
xD
Shut up and fix politics...
in an underground base
11,01Good Obama impersonator.
xD
Trolololololoololololo!
COWARD!!!!!!!!
your fucked
Dat Trollbama
xD
Obama is best Literal Genie.
xD
Fuck yo' neighno!
haha
fuck my neighbor!
Okay. He's worst Literal Genie
AMERI... Yeah, no.
their douches
11,01Trollbama indeed.
its a zombie virus
rooting for you
WAIT
You gotta share! You gotta care!
Walking of the dead
11,01Good impersonator for a bit.
whos she?
Lol, L4D2 TYPE C!
GET OUTTA HERE AD
Huey should've talked this over with Robert, even though he wouldn't listen.
:|
he said it the N word
oh this guy! :D
He said the n word.
And again...
he gay
agian
No.
lol
11,01Yo yo yo.
Not the chicken.
The N word is superfluous in this show, as long as only black people say it.
Oh lawd he bought that one.
the chicken!
11,01Maid Discord in da house dustin' yo shit.
Cheesbuhgug
00,03XD
Maid_Discord: ALL the shit?
DED
xD
OH lord
i like this kinda news
11,01All the shit.
...
/me dusts Maid_Discord all over
like election coverage
11,01Watch the dress, yo.
hah
THE SCOOTALOO IS A ZOMBIE VIRUS!
Sorry~ *lightly dusts the dress*
xD
kill them!
xD
haha
http://fav.me/d58g5nu MY HEART! AGAIN!!
11,01VioletVanilla!
That's NASA things.
xD
THE SCOOTALOO IS A VIRUS
in the attic :D
06Hallo~
Every single major character is going to show up looking for asylum, right? Is this the season finale?
00,03Uncle Ruckus :'(
Haio VioletVanilla
Heya VioletVanilla :)
Ohai VioletVanilla *hugs*
/me hugs VioletVanilla
fried chicken is seriouse business
/me 11,01hugs VioletVanilla
What are we watching?
lol that is accurate
xD
your all fucked
VioletVanilla! <3
lol
power out
Ohai VioletVanilla! :)
haha
They're dead now
hoi VioletVanilla !
guten abend VioletVanilla
Trollbama, that shit ain't working right now
you called it
:D
11,01All the power.
Why would they need a blender on?
/me doesn't want to spoil the ending to this episode :D
dumbasses
This is why im misanthropic
omg vivi
06<3
READ A BOOK
/me huygs
/me pounces the audience
Lulwut
woo
Kill them.
lol
grab the shotguns!
XD
party time!
Bear Grylls would love tht
/me 11,01gets pounced by VioletVanilla <3
VioletVanilla: actually, might I ask your height? :D
its law to share?
Ruckus is a straight-up villain now.
no.
oh no... angry white people!
THE SCOOTALOO IS A VIRUS
lol
Or isn't?
looters get shot
I'm sure they have guns
Lol Granddad
thats illegal...
11,01We should incinerate Scoot-Scootaloo just so he doesn't spread anything through chat.
06~172cm
Mix detergent and mustar.
Anyone? What're we watching?
XD
xD
00,03>_>
:D
VioletVanilla: <3
pussy bithes!
11,01She sounds like the TF2 announcer.
VioletVanilla: Oh hi :P
>no need to be homophobic
00,03I'm clean, I swear! D: I get dusted by Maids everyday!
Airplane! reference?
>"Eat it, you pussy punk bitches"
Ded
lol
he ded
Maid_Discord: Same voice actress?
/me dusts Scoot-Scootaloo
The living room's been infected.
He's becoming a boomer
where did he get that?
Lenard..........
/me 11,01dusts Scoot-Scootaloo clean.
xD
Push boomers back before shooting!
buffalo wings....
haha
I am detective carter! do you speak english?
i had swine flu once and it lived
definitlly not chicken
lol
tr-lolol
VioletVanilla: neat :P
lol omg
Kill him like rick killed shane
VioletVanilla: Misson ends in 10 seconds! Yay for fun facts! ^^
Feeeeed me
VioletVanilla: she's an amazing VA
alright if you say so
dem supplies
xD
VioletVanilla: funfact, i met ellen mclain
The faithful farmer is difficult
D:
words dont explain how accurat this is
kill him!
nobody home
o_o
11,01I used my disinfectant feather duster on Scoot-Scootaloo.
lol
mad max
06Fun fact: I AM Ellen McClain
School bus....
O_O
reminds me of a movie
11,01VioletVanilla: You are awesome.
VioletVanilla: kewlio. see you at dragoncon
almost looks like Mad max
/me fun fact: Liokin wubs VioletVanilla
Huey made that plan carefully. But why did he count on anyone in his family or circle of influence listening to the plan?
cant think of which
VioletVanilla: so you are the great Ellen Mclain? :P
:D
bastards
LOL
11,01XD
wow
just salmonela
Great Media
Salmonella.
11,01I knew it. It was fake.
they blew nothing out of proportion
It was a false-alarm.
/me dusts Maid_Discord with his Luna Duster
"Grandad, we ded?" "Naw, nigga."
11,01<3
It must be Fox news
XD
BOCK!
FRIES
fail
BOX
i want fries
xD
oh god
Scoot-Scootaloo: Im alive??? :D
you fail
D:
no BACONE TIME
oh more radio
So what was that we just watched?
Chicken/10
I want Gigabit D:
ewwww
Where is he
good Scoot shut it
yeah Scoot-Scootaloo a joke can just go so far
Scoot-Scootaloo: -lol you sir. Are a silly filly.
thx for the stream :)
Lol Scoot-Scootaloo
/me dusts Scoot-Scootaloo
VioletVanilla time? <3
damn storm
Bye Scoot-Scootaloo. Thanks for the stream~
Good stream bro.
11,01Lol.
It started looking like Hokuto no Ken-like chaos. Cut to the reporter revealing that it was all just salmonella.
XD
/me 11,01claps.
bye Scoot-Scootaloo
booo
bye
thanks for the stream Scoot-Scootaloo
Yo Scoot-Scootaloo you anyt a Niggar\
bye
buck logic
Thanks for the stream Scoot-Scootaloo :3
Scoot-Scootaloo: Needs more Zecora.
hey everypony
Scoot-Scootaloo, if I might suggest something for you to stream later, mind if I msg you?
Haio BronyInstrumental
hi BronyInstrumental :)
13liebe violet~
BronyInstrumental: Sup bro /)
scoots singin at kfc, lol
00,03Why do people insist I'm leaving, even thpough I'm here?
Shizuka: You can speak fancy???
Liokin_Maid: (\
Hye BronyInstrumental
Oh my god, I got him pointing me out and apoligising recorded XD
Scoot-Scootaloo: I only thanks you for the stream! :P
Most of the admins leave
And me not knowing how to spell.
00,03I think it's because i said goodbye, I'm not leaving here~
Just something crazy to replace Boondocks with. I think you might like it.
Scoot-Scootaloo: Because people are silly fillies.
hey all!
lol.
RainBowJack: Ew, anthro!
Hey guys, the Desktop Ponies site won't come up
so whats up next
bah humbug
Count...... You doofus.
SuperBrony64: O U
CountDoofus : What?
violetVanilla is up next
yeah, Vanilla :P
Scoot-Scootaloo, thanks for streaming anyway.
I DUNNO LOL (yeah, I goofed up. nvm me.)
How many words can you make out of this?
START
00,03Gary
only in australia
00,03Williams
oooh
Anyone know if the Gigabit & Alegro Stream Is out on youtube yet?
sounds
dubstep!
/me hugs SuperBrony64 and gives him a filly Twilight
Here's a good question. If you we're to eat yourself would you double in size or disappear completely?
Dubstep?
OH an EA trailer
wub wubw ubwuwbuwbu WAAAAA wub wub wub wub
Dial up?
/me hugs AttacktheMaid back while playing with the filly Twilight
someone is bored
06c:
Kinda sounds like someone playing with a keyboard...
wierd
Fun fact: in FMLE, video is optional
Max, we're still working on the next time to do it :P
DUB ALL THE STEPS!
06Eeeeyup~
disappear my metabolism produces little fat so I weigh 120lbs
06Letting you know I am starting to work on the Dubstep~
/me approves the dubstep
RainBowJack: I would be ded from pure shock
00,03More Like...
Some Dial up
RainBowJack: Sex. Nuff said.
/me hugs VioletVanilla
Dub ALL the steps.
00,03*puts on shades
Alright. I've seen some pushback on dubstep, but I don't mind it that much.
00,03..WUBstep!
00,03YEAHHHHH!!!!
Scoot-Scootaloo: Booooo
YEAHHHHHH
where my wubs dammit!
Scoot-Scootaloo: -lol
/me hugs DoctoDoctorWho
ViVi makes the best wubstep
no i got go see you guys later i hope
THIS IS GOOD
/me hugs a naked SuperBrony64 in themost NON-homo way possible
Okay this has just given mea migrane
Woah. This is nice
ouch
CRANK THE MUSIC [turns up volume on speakers]
Niiiice
chilstep
This just got epic
/me bobs to the music
dont worry scoots, we all know ur as straight as rainbow dash, wait...
/me hugs Scoot-Scootaloo in the most homo-way possible
:P
SB lost his colour!
00,03... I'll TAKE it!
SB, put some clothes on
:<
Danke schön VioletVanilla, this'll entertain me thoroughly while I'm drawing :)
Omg! pinkie Pie can go Pinkamina in Fighting is Magic and hug the life out of her friends
/me hugs R63 SuperBrony64
/me passes SuperBrony64 a maid uniform
But...I liek being nekkid O.O
So, today's our Queen's birthday...
http://fav.me/d58mgez
/me hugs Liokin_Maid back
o/////o
Maid_Discord: OH GOD MY FREAKING HEART FILLY RD, :D
I call this chillstep becauseof the lack of hardcoreness and the very soft melody
wait
Maid_Major: That was mean't to you not you Maid_Discord
/me dusts Maid_Discord with tail
maid_killerpony7733: :P
/me waxes the whole chat
Random music is random
/me mops the chat
-lol
Dat music
06IT didnt play the right one. . .
06aber whatever. .
mmm 60fps fraps recording of l4d2 has been achieved again
lol
XD
/me washes the chats windows
I'm leaving now. I have to wash dishes
Happy level up day to our Queen Flyre-fly
dammit, i lost my bloody pick again >:(
Eddmario: Woot woot
.
...
? violet are you a Dj or something
/me dusts VioletVanilla
Suddenly, everyone's a maid
06Dj_Cyber-4G: I am~ c:
/me ist dusted
I don't like this women she iswverything that I dialike about girls nowadays
/me dusts DJNilla
with that I'm out.
...
I am too. AN official or an interwebz one?
06I dabble in both (:
everyone wants to be a dj :P
...
/me dusts DJ with his Luna Duster
...
hey ViVi do you ever play anything... faster?
<--Has best DJ name
im an official i usualy have gigs all night wednsday,friday and saterday from 9pm to 7am
06Chrysamaid: How much faster?
Does being a DJ in TF2 count?
13200bpm faster
Vivi stream! <3
13the speed at which our wub travels~
/me O O O'd
like 160-180bpm?
thats an internet dj but its ok nightmare
Ohai ponies
GabeMoist: Sup bro /)
(\
join us.....
Heya GabeMoist
:D
Well, I WOULD if HLDJ still worked, VAC worked properly on my laptop, and I wasn't banned from the Pony Fortres 2 servers...
/me hands out maid uniforms
DJ_N1ghtm4r3 why were you banned?
/me 11,01dances
Chrysamaid: I played "Epic Wub Time"
oh you mic spammed
xD
badd eddmario
/me the maids of Bronystate
*dusts
/me grabs a few feather dusters and a gaint bottle of lotion
/me dusts the dust off the stream
/me vaccuums the chat
ooh, kinkey
/me tells everyone ina maid outfit to bend over
DJ_N1ghtm4r3 No! too far
hey guys , so its maid hour in dj nilla stream?
Dj_Cyber-4G: Good you weren't banned from the Pony Fortress 2 servers. Those servers are fun :3
/me Emptys the chats garbage
/me cleans DJNilla's console
Everypony dont listen to DoctoDoctorWho he is a changling!!!
...
suddenly speed
/me dusts DJ_N1ghtm4r3's face
06You wanted it Chrysamaid~
:D
acid if fun!!!
Oh mai oh mai
/me buys more lemon Pledge for the chat
ah shit! *runs
maid hour! w00t!
If you're wearing maid outfit, bend over
thanks DJNilla~
11,01Eddmario: No.
Eddmario: Bro. No.
Hell no!
Eddmario: http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120403204713/mk/images/b/bf/Meme-no.jpg
Nope
/me buys windex for chat
Eddmario: Uh, no.
Heya Allegr0 :D
^^
Eddmario: How about no=
and Eddmario feels the need to ruin the fun
?
MaxTheBrony: hey :P
11,01Nvm.
Allegr0: Have you and Giga talked about streaming together again anytime soon? ^^
DJNilla which song is this?
00,03:(
My comic was an uter fail
/me dusts Scoot-Scootaloo
that was a fun skyrim session
MaxTheBrony: Trust me, we have, and we'll be doing it. We just haven't set a specific time yet :P
/me hugs Scoot-Scootaloo
/me dusts Maid_Discord
MaxTheBrony: Probably within the next week
11,01Hi.
Allegr0: Ah :D nice!
MaxTheBrony: but nothing's been decided yet
german barbie
/me hubs back DJNilla
/me cleans DJNilla
Allegr0: Last time was hilarious :D
00,03hugs* 
00,03:P
/me glomps into Scoot-Scootaloo into a crater
hubs?
Hugs + Wubs?
awesome
Jolly Co-operation! Why does nopony get that referance?
Your princess has arrived!
/me dusts Chrysalis
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2maidB6mG1r3xauuo1_1280.png
why are we listening to germen barbie?
00,03..yes... that is EXACTLY what I tried to do! :D
/me dusts Molestia
So many maids!
11,01Hi Molestia
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/internet-memes-shades-of-beauty1.jpg
Hello Molestia
back from dinner what are we watching
/me hands everypony a maid outfit
DJNilla which song did you play for me?
Put that on...
/me dusts alexxm
alexxm: Music :)
thanks MaxTheBrony
11,01Molestia: We don't do that here.
/me sprays Maid_Discord with lemon pledge
00,03^ -_-
06I played Blondie Girl for you Chrysalis~
by?#
by?~*
/me Dances
First to post after me gets a SPECIAL prize... ;)
oooooh, Vivi-stream?
Do we really wanna know?
And then no one posted to Molestia
Jim: PREPARE YOUR ANUS!
oh my
Dat kick?
Maid hour over?
Fine, I'll be a good princess...
11,01Want to make that a ban for RP Molestia?
BEATLES
<3
I believe she left
BEATLES!!!
next con you play this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t38DPnkDjTM
Beatles suck
Not this song :)
WHAT
11,01Dj_Cyber-4G: No video links during stream.
/me slaps Eddmario with a fish
Its good
00,03No video links please~
:)
Eddmario: Go wash out your mouth with a truckload of soap.
Oh, one of the few betles songs I enjoy.
aww
:o
George Harrison <3
00,03ninja'd -_-
Scoot-Scootaloo: can i smack a bitch? please
00,03No, that's my job :|
Do do do do do'd
i hit him with a fish so hard he quit?
hey, did you guys know it's lauren faust's birthday today?
11,01I ninja'd someone! I'm a ninja maid now!
I enjoy this so much :)
00,03:D
Ninja_Maid_Diescord
*Discord
Maid_Discord: Ninjaz maid dscord? -lol
i love beatles im in the uk so people who like them are hard to come by :'(
Maid_Ninjacord
11,01Hiya!
Why would finding a Beatle fan in the UK be hard?
Dj_Cyber-4G your UK? you going to BUCK?
That's like, the oposite of hard
opposite*
Jim: Because crappy music is considered good in the world
Beatles isn't crappy >:(
^^^^^
justine beiber is
^^^^^ too
inb4 justine gets played to troll
Jim: I meant that finding a UK beatles fan would be hard because crappy music has taken over and people say that "The Beatles are gayhomofags"
yay wait
Gala~
YES!
YAY!\
YESSSSSSSSSSSSs
gakla :D
She is a Pony
Hi everypony
<3 you DJNilla~
She's a pony! <3
my request
FUCK YEAH!!! THIS IS MAH JAM!!!
Yay!
is the request channel open
11,01I wonder how many bronies have sent JB hate mail over that fake Twitter post.
Dat gala
THANKS
Ninja_Maid_Discord: Ikr :D
Ninja_Maid_Discord, the whatnow?
JB?
?
What twitter
?
Wht twitter post?
JB = justine bieber
why are you bronies always talking about justin bieber?
link plz?
11,01There was a post where JB said in Twitter that he watched some MLP and liked it.
justinE derpy_pony
justin here, justin there...
bronies...
Someone made a fake twitter post from bieber
Wanna see my Pony Comic?
I wouldnt be surpirsed if Jb were a brony himself
Fuck god please no
MaxTheBrony well she is the target audience
IF he was Id shoot him
xD
So, Justin Bieber is a brony. Are we that bitter about his music that we won't welcome him into the herd?
he is the chieftain of the bronies
...yes
Chrysalis: A+! BRA-VO! :D
Kandarihu, yes
why do people keep getting her gender wrong?
05Kandarihu: most would say yes
DJNilla: I gotta smelt some stuff -lol but I'll leave your stream on so I may par take in the greatness that is Djnilla stream :3
yes, yes we are.
is the request channel open
Im more open then most of you then xD
Kandarihu: ewwww. Justion Bieber is a brony. Great -_-
I dont like his music
JUSTUN BIBER IS NOT A GIRL... He is a lady.
Wrek: I would say yes. I hate him more than sin. I wish he would die.
JB is always welcome to join our herd
06Liokin_Maid <3
Yer
We don't want a bunch of 11 year old girls joining us... It would ruin our culture
Ponies47: not true :D
so much about love and tolerance, hu?
Liokin_Maid, that's a bit extreme
haha dinky
xD
MaidSurge: Good
red_ony love and tolerance only goes so far
yeah maid time
GabeMaid: No. Thats not extremem enough.
Wasn't really a joke
love and tolerance HAS limits u know...
/me 11,01hugs DJNilla and dusts her. <3
and im afriad mine runs short of that thing
FLUTTERWONDER!!!!
flutterwonder <3
DJNilla: Why is your music so awesome? :)
hai everypony :)
dinky: you were serious O.o
11,01Also: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7p6ueRXQS1rriakmo1_1280.jpg
Heya Michael
Kandarihu: he wouldnt be a brony, hes too busy showing off
hai Michael
Hey Michael
i always think this intro is halo
11,01Don't take the seriously.
dinky, an 11 year old girl is part of the core demographic of MLP. He wouldn't affect them anyway.
hey Michael what have you been up to
00,03...Hells to the yeah.
05for some accepting JB into the herd is like saying that what hitler did was right
ViVi music show is best stream.
Flutter Wonder
Oh gosh...
05just saiyan
Not Beiber!
DJNilla: Ich liebe dich <3
/me hugs MaxTheBrony Jim alexxm Ponies47
Chrysalis: Some would say the same about bronies
JB BBBBUUUUUUUUUUUUURRRNNNNNNNNNNNNN
jk
Wrek: xD lol
Wrek: Good to see were on the same page. Then :3
Ninja_Maid_Discord: what he wouldnt do for PR
alexxm: repairing some pcs :D
if you joined the bronies to look cooler, you made something wrong anyway
Wrek: /)
ok Michael
11,01Wrek: But being a corporate whore is more moral than exterminating people based on race.
Yeah. Have you seen how they act? we are quite mature, they would bring us down to the lowest level
Liokin_Maid: I agree more or less too
you dont join the herd to be cool
/me hugs CountDoofus
JB? ... Justin Bie- AW HELL NAW!
What would happen if Rebecka black came out and said she likes MLp ?
you do it to be 20% more awesome
Ninja_Maid_Discord: good point!
^
I have nothing against JB however him openly bring a brony would bring us into the spotlight causing a WHOLE LOT of teeny-bopper girls to join us which I believe would cause us to fall into a hole of bitching about unimportant hogwash. I love this song by the way.
Ill let the haters keep their prejudice opinions so long as I dont have to watch twilight
Which version of flutterwonder is this?
and to be a part of the single best fanbase ever made!
Ilchymis: True !
What if Beiber is Hitler reincarnated as a musician?
I don't have any love for his music either. But he's a nice guy. Frankly, I think being a brony suits him just fine.
06Original~
Kandarihu: Agreed :)
Hi o/
FLUTTERWONDER!
since when was bieber a brony
11,01I don't care who becomes a brony. Just don't ruin it like greedy businessmen have ruined gaming.
Heya XylemTube
:D
Is that flutterwonder i hear?
DJNilla: liebe dich platonically, of course ;)
I got a letter by the Princess! "Dear Bronies, banish JB if you love and tolerate the world."
05Ninja_Maid_Discord: not arguign it, im just sayign that some see it with the same dicu
If JB join the herd bronyfandom will get a bad name
11,01I know Wrek.
Have I disconnected?
Yes, I have.
Ninja_Maid_Discord http://thedoghousediaries.com/4443
DJNilla loves good music <3
Metronome: the brony fandom has a bad name
11,01Some people would choose Hilter over Bieber.
Metronome: The brony fandom already have a bad name :(
Hilter
Just look at Fox "news"
Huh it is the original. I listen to the sogreatandpowerful one to much apparently XD
Ninja_Maid_Discord: Not all gaming....just most of it ;)

hai XylemTube
wub
whats this one?
what are we watching this night? die hard and star wars?
what the actual buckl
11,01And guess who thought that idea up?
Ninja_Maid_Discord, wat?
/me Dances like there is no tomorrow
my rage overflowsd
MaxTheBrony, that's only one show. Gee, if Fox News were to do a positive story on us, I'm sure we're going to go through the same fits over Justin Bieber, aren't we?
Ninja_Maid_Discord but tetris is free online
star wars? that could be great
We have a bad name to the general public, but across the internets... not that bad of a name to be honest
What song is this?
seriously, things like that make me otarage all over the place
Hating someone because of the music he does..strikes me as something my 13 year old self would do and relly immature...Personally I don't take this whole love and tolerance seriously that this cumminity has going..yet I can't say I hate anybody..
And by positive story, I meant on their daytime shows, not a dinky little comedy show during watershed hours.
Hello everypony
hai Obsidian
06Party with Pinkie (Living Tombstone remixe)
hiya Obsidian
hai Obsidian
xp for tetris
how you doing Obsidian
11,01Powered by EA!
Ninja_Maid_Discord, Why would you need XP for Tetris?
Kandarihu: hmm true , but what i meant was , Every one that hates the brony Culture thinks every Brony is a Clopper or a No lifer .
Not bad.
/me eye twitches
Eew, EA
Goddammit EA
Could some1 tell me wht bad names did the bronyfandom get?
11,01EA is milking Tetris.
06Triplets <3
hating justin bieber is just another marketing thing..."there is no such thing as bad pr"...you pretend to hate him, but you talk about him, make other people talk about him, you are hosts of a viral campaign, haters. congratulations
red_ony: its not even his music. That guy has a reputation for being a homophobis jackass. My finace's cousin saw him at a restaurant and he was being the biggest douche, shouting racial explatives at anyone who didn't do everything he asked for
I used to think you were all clopers
That's a new low right there EA
11,01They've been doing it for a long time.
brony music is BOSS!
Allegr0: who?
Kandarihu: Now that i think if it i dont know what that had anything with what you just said D: ( my recent answer makes no sence)
Michael: bieber
i hate to be a hipster
Allegr0: So? There are plenty of idiots in this world..
Once I think EA has gotten to the bottom, they do something like that
but games were better before they were popular
Ninja_Maid_Discord: just when i think EA hit bedrock....they go deeper
they were still games
i wish people would let me play it in my club
not wallets
11,01Hi Allegr0
EA is actually PAYING people to join origin...
red_ony: yeah, but that combined with his crappy music....I just don't blame anyone for hating the guy :P
xD
Ninja_Maid_Discord: hey :)
11,01dinky: Seriously?
lol
Chrysalis, IKR, because when they get real popular. they seem to try to milk all the money then can get out from it
the guy i had an interview with today worked on wipeout for the ps1 and the DFS:unleashed
he HATED working on NFS
Yep, i played the monopoly hotels game (due to ponys) and they give out the curency if you join it xD
EUROBEAT BRONY?
even developers hate the current game market thats how bad it is
11,01Chrysalis: Because of publishers that abuse them?
there will always be older titles..
Ninja_Maid_Discord yeah, and the lack of creativity thats allowed
developers used to make games
now this is funky
now they follow task lists
lovely music
11,01Market needs to crash.
This sounds familliar
11,01Thought it is.
the rise of gaming has ruined it for gamers and developers alike
/me Dances
more crashes?
Ninja_Maid_Discord: that and the fanbases that feel they're owed something for being fans of a game series
/me spins
damn
only problem is complain and your out of a job
05which is why i love the whole kickstarter thing
SUUUUUUPERRRMANNNNNNN 666666666666664444444444444444
05and the indie market
11,01Me too Wrek.
11,01I think indie and kickstarter is the future.
im hoping greenlight takes off
Allegr0: You mean like some entitled bronies? :D
What kickstarter thing?
billions of unemployed video game developers will spit into your shake at mcdonalds after the market crash
indie games for steam
11,01Because greedy publishers that are exploiting the market are killing gaming.
Ninja_Maid_Discord: o_O
red_ony: entitled everything...the world is way to grabby nowadays ;)
Wrek, I love how Steam is allowing Indie developers to just release their games for steam, if the community votes highly enough for their games
"what? yeah, I ship ponies." *drives delivery van for hasbro*
Jim: Yeah that is awesome
05steams system for allowing games is fucked up
/me dances to the rhytm.
there are rumours of a Reddit like karma system for game rating
Wrek: Is it?
Jim: everything that happens in greenlight is also being reviewed by them, though
11,01Publishers are crashing the market.
let us only play good games like bastion and other indiegames
to ensure that all games get a fair chance
the publishers deliver what the customer pays for. 95% of the video games never make a profit. the other 5% get cloned
Jim: so good indie games not voted by the community still have a shot, its not like survivor, etc :P
SUUUUUUUUUPEEERRRMEAAAAATBOY
hmm
so gaming industry is not a good line of work? or is it just hard to make it?
MaxTheBrony both atm
11,01I would stay out of the gaming industry.
05raidign at the same time ill explain in a bit
MaxTheBrony: its still good, just changing
they are incredibly tough to make
gaming industry is a hit business. like movies
11,01Until it crashes.
all the fun has been sapped out of it
MaxTheBrony: becoming more corporate and introducing a bit more red tape
well its hard to make it in every indrustry
and the stuff that comes out the end is designed by committee garbage
Dammit ;( im going to start Gamedesign (college/ gymnasium)
Well, there's the indie gaming market.
..
Barbershop cortet
Im screwd
11,01MaxTheBrony: Go indie.
Kandarihu indie is incredibly risky thoguh
Ninja_Maid_Discord: I don't think it'll ever crash again...xbox, guitar hero and angry birds decided that :P
well this is kinda good
Ninja_Maid_Discord: whether we like it or not :P
intresting cover
11,01So you don't get forced to make changes to your game such that I won't buy it.
MaxTheBrony: the market is overrun by ambitious new developers
brb
Allegr0 angry birds is the CAUSE of the current crash
guitar hero has shut down
Honestly, thats what im planing on doing
most of them will fail
now THIS is funky oo
/me noms on DJNilla <3
and the xbox is incredibly out of date now
YOU ARE A GREAT SONG PICKER!
Yay, my internet is back!
derpy_pony: But that is cool , that pushes me more to make good games
rockband was better anyway
11,01Angry Birds is not crashing the market.
So who made this one?
Chrysalis: well it's not exactly crashing, we're just entering the tail end of the current console cycle
no, but it caused a HUGE push towards the mobile market
This song got swag :$
Suddenly I have a whole new appreciation for barbershop quartet.
Chrysalis: what NPD numbers can't show you is how rediculously well indie and PC game sales have been doing
yey :D
Yay
Avast flutter shy
yay :(
YAY
Avast Fluttershy's ass!
MaxTheBrony: you have to commit your life. and even then you have no guarantee that you succeed. it's hard work
all i hear is yay... O.O
DAT ASS
Always...
Its anus now
Boo yah!
if theres one thing i hate, its mobile gaming
xD
I Dont
Chrysalis: Why?
Is DJNilla taking requests?
derpy_pony: I will do that for the sake of the future xD
I like moble gaming
I I I I DON'T DON'T DON'T DON'T
i hate it more than bieber
Kinda
AVAST FLUTTERSHY'S ASS?
You ofc mean "Avast, it be Fluttershy's plot!"
11,01Mobile gaming is not killing the industry.
11,01That's a change if anything.
Yeah
its just a change like from cartridges to discs
Vafrous Coyote befriends Eurobeat Brony - Giggle at the Ghostie Found it!
except the platform is far far worse
AAAAAAAaaaaaaa <3
in every way
11,01EA-like publishers are ruining those games all the same.
Well many don't approve the gameing on mobiles
In your opinion
less power, less finesse
MaxTheBrony: good luck :)
I don't get it. What are you guys complaining about?
and the most god-awful control system ever invented
05the problem plaguing the indie market is funding though
05henceforth kickstarters are awesome
Ninja_Maid_Discord: luckily not enough to completly destroy franchises. The fact that mass effect was mostly untouched was a miracle
Alex S Glith theme
indeeed wrek
in your opinion
awwwwwwwwwwww (squee)
I love this song
I LOVE THIS!
Ninja_Maid_Discord: really bioware in general remaining uunaffected :P
I blast this song out of my car every day
Load like
Allegr0 me3 was incredibly hurt, the ending was appalling
Every brony needs to listen to this song.
11,01Isn't Bioware considered dead now?
Chrysalis: I wouldn't say so
because they wouldnt sink the time into making a decent one
AttacktheMaid: I do. It's epic!
11,01EA kind-of ruined them.
Allegr0 i put 400+ hours over the series
Alex S <3
Nykkes64 was fast
AttacktheMaid: title please
those endings, were appalling
05onyl the part of bioware that worked mostly on SWTOR
Ponies47: Exactly.
Chrysalis: also, think of this: How many games have you finished that you loved that you remember specifically for the ending. Fallout 3/vegas? Skyrim? Mario games? They don't have good endings
05i mean come on
ME3 Ending SUCKED B*YAY*
AttacktheMaid: /)
05EA are worse than the bank of amuriica
Chrysalis: but the game is still amazing
i never enjoyed mario
Eargasm right here
yeah the endings wernt great
05i will never be able to play ME3 and finish the story duee to origin
MaidSurge: My Little Pony Intro Glitch Remix by Alex S. Just type in "My Little Glitch" on YouTube and it should be the first vid that shows up
Maid_RainBroJack how about the new ending
05fucktards
but they at least didnt leave a taste of manure in my mouth
AHAHA, my little brother just came up to me with two plates with toast on and yelled in his best Mortal Kombat voice "CHOOSE YOUR DESTINY"
whats this one called?
Holy hell, what song is this? I do want it.
it was in ballad of the brony
AttacktheMaid: Thanks hun <3
I have this song :3
Jim so what happened
Song name?
MaidSurge: You're welcome
Ballad of the brony is how i discovered this song
whats it called?
Alpha-Omega, can you tell us the name?
orgin has some tarded system taht don't let you install games on for ex your D: disk if your C: is almost full
alexxm, I took one, eating it now
:)
11,01Wrek: Torrent the game? Free DLC that was supposed to be included in the game.
06My Little Pony (Alex S Glitch Remix)
Ilchymis: apparently it's "my little glitch"
Awesome, thank you.
Alex S i love his Party With pinkie pie remix VIP
thx
DJNilla got it right
kewl
/me 13curls up in vivi's mane~
/me 11,01curls up in Shizuka's mane.
/me hugs SHizuka tight <3
05then how can i then sy im better than the ones that use pirate as an excuse for free stuff?
/me softly pets Shizuka
/me curls up in Ninja_Maid_Discord's mane
so many mane curl-ups :P lets see those hooves!
hoof check!
YES!!!
O.o
whats this one?
AW SHIT, THIS IS MY JAM
Party with pinkie?
PARTY WITH PINKIE PIE!!!
^^
this is awesome
This is the non CIP one
the VIP is better
vip
piracy is wrong... So long you have not paid for the game before
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww (squee) I BUCKING LOVE THIS!
05exactly nerom
/me Dances PINKIE PIE STYLE
I want to go on a drive to this
party with pinky dj alex.s Nice choice
05have i woned it before
05i have nothign agaisnt pirating
I'm a pirate and no one can stop me. :P
PARTAY
you don't know me, pinky!
derpy_pony they can if they catch you
Do what you want because a pirate is free?
HAHAHA, the UPS man just came to deliver me a package, heard I has brony music playing, put my package on my doorstep, air-hoofbumped me and left.
The VIP is the same..
11,01Piracy is wrong, but the response to it is just as bad.
though if they catch me, its gonna be one very funny day
Yesterday i meet a guy on Arma 2 Who thought Brony had something to do with Nazis <.< Was not sure if trolling or just retarded
Well I can take a series or film but not a game. I would never pirate a indie game for example, wrek
i bought every game i ever pirated
definately trolling MaxTheBrony
I ised to hqve a job. Then my manager kept cheating me from my money.
nobody is that stupid
and most of them are still sealed
back
wouldn't happen in my country, Ilchymis
jealous
11,01When a game forces me to connect to the internet to play single-player, I say go and hope it gets pirated.
Nerom: yeah, me neither....those devs really need that money...bad.
11,01*no
name of this song?
I bought two games in the last 20 years. Doom 3 and Bards Tale
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/24/ftzOWrtUOkyXDtJ5NpPI7g2.gif
If the game is good then the devs deserve that money
both were a waste of money
Chrysalis: Lolwut?
Nerom but they wont get any
AlexS party with pinkie
fluffle_puff, Party with Pinkie - Alex s
party with pinkie
they get paid to make it
I only bought games on good old games as of late..
they dont get anything from the sales
ty
depends on ow they sell it
dat solo
08,01night everypony
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/22/Rd2LMzwQiEiZUfFdUQdTRQ2.png
dubstep solo? what sorcery is this?! :O
:D
08,01not sure if i'll be joining you for the films tonight
Aw
D:
DJNilla Play Party With Pinkie Pie VIP remix
Chrysalis: but its way different from music. Sure, music sales mostly go to publishers, but you can still support the musician with concert tickets and swag. Game devs, not so much....
Hey a suggestion but look up You're going to love me by Sim Gretina
11,01The last major title I pirated was MW3 because I wanted to try out the survival mode. I didn't want to spend $60 on a whim.
08,01i've been up 24 hours straight, and have been working solidly for the last 12
buying the game is the only way to support the devs
11,01I plan on buying it.
THis song by the same guy as the last one? Oh please oh please oh please say...
its a sad time when you want a game for the minigame with it
Chrysalis: Not entirely true. Depending on who it is, they sometimes land a cut of sales.
rather than the main
11,01Even though it's Activision.
08,01anyhoos, see y'all
I have bought 9 games i first pirated :) bcuz i felt bad
like blackops2
Chrysalis what do you mean
i cant wait for the new zombiues
11,01I used to boycott Activision. I still don't like them.
i couldnt give a rats arse about the main game or mp
Ninja_Maid_Discord: I don't even buy their games anymore
:O Gigabit incoming?
Oh My
06c; ja~
Like all those people buying Arma 2 for DayZ
Please tell me
Nitt: But then you took a video game to the disc drive?
O.o
I bougth 9 games then i pirated because I lost the disk
YES!
lol
11,01No.
:D FINALLY
00,03INCOMING TANGO!
:D
11,01They're douchiness has dropped.
Hiya Giga
8,6lol
i used to buy CV, then i took piracy to the PC
Hey GigabitHarmonie :3
hai giga
NO!!!
wut
hey gigabit
Super Buffer Brothers!
Hello GigabitHarmonie :D
dat Gigabit
Good
Hello GigabitHarmonie! :D
o.o
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/20/k2T4eNBRtU-h5bu4Y1CeDA2.png
11,01Even though they came out with CoD: Elite.
Nitt: Only relative to EA, bro. :P
I finally get to hear his stream!
"hides in a hole"
Best caster Ever :D
Going good!
GigabitHarmonie: Very good thank you. How about you? :3
dear celstia dark souls is intense...
Guten abend DJNilla :) Alles güt (my german sucks :p)
Yeah :D
i'm peeved, i lost my damned pick
maybe
/me cowers
do awesome and doing nothing
yes
I see no buffer. What kind of sorcery is this?!!
Dovah: but so worth it!
TELL US!!
GigabitHarmonie i be awesome, how are you
I've been so curious about GigabitHarmonie's streams
Dovah: also, you have died
A shirt :D?
ding SWAG
Pony SWAG?
GigabitHarmonie: YAY!
swag is boys
Show and tell!
Ah
:D
this is good
11,01I hate to not support devs under bad publishers, but I don't like supporting bad publishers because supporting bad publishers gives them an incentive to screw customers over further.
Allegr0: You play dark Souls?! xbox or ps3?
crush, kill, destroy, swag
:O Special edition?
00,03ewww Rarity :|
shit my pants
If anyone wants to improve his german: I'm here^^
Dovah: xbox
BOXX
Pit my shants
Pinkie <3
you do fluttershy's voice good
did he just say kinky-pie?
Derpy
Hush Scoot-Scootaloo the Rarity loves are gonna kill you
Allegr0: Awesome!! what is your gt? and your sl?
11,01So if a game has an EA or Ubisoft stamp or employs bullshit that the publisher put in, I boycott it. That's the nature of Capitalism.
Crush kill destroy swag
my shirt says that on it right now :)
:P
I HEARD APPLEJACK
05what are we even talking about?
dat aj accent
How have you been Giga btw ?
/me crashes back into chat
GigabitHarmonie pics!
japple ack'
moar t-shirts
sup Sylandest
GUYS.. just finished my halo pelican in Spore :) http://www.pictars.com/users/blessedspirit/Pelican.jpg
i got my pony Swag too i have my blind bag Apple Jack
It took so long.
I kind of broke down and bought Dragon Age: Origins. I kind of regret doing it already.
he said jappleack
that cute DERPY voice
I just realized. I have a bit of monies. MORE PONY SWAG NOW! :D
Beautiful
it was all that podcasting with a certain somepony ;)
sonic rainnuke
Malmortius seriously in spore?
Chrysalis: dat nuclear rainbow, gorgeus
ikr
but u just did...
Ah, is it GigabitHarmonie talking? Haio! :D
DJNilla : Do Derpy voice
if only real nukes were that awesoem
Yuh huh chry, im loving spore.
11,01You were awesome Allegr0
Ah
GigabitHarmonie: SHIRTS!
HEY EVERPONY
ALL the tees.
Luna swag
hello everypony
11,01What did Gigabit get?
i have no idea
A hoody?
SHIRT
then send to me!
Shirt
Bracelet
on the scale? A sonic rainbow/A sonic rainbow
get a DJ Pon-3 T-Shirt
Ninja_Maid_Discord: thanks. Can't wait for another tag team sometime soon with gigabit :)
GET A T-SHIRT
hai Quick_Thinker
/me is slowly growing his t-shirt swag.
I have 2 shirts and a bronywrist band :P
lol
hai allponiesarebestponi
:O
cutie mark thongs
oh god yes
Wait i'm confused Who's streaming?
Hey guys
lol Michael
okay good night everypony have to go
hai Dermathil
00,03Gigabit! :D
/me has nothing :(
XylemTube: I have a DJ PON-3 shirt. I love it ^^
Metronome, GigabitHarmonie is currently talking
11,01GigabitHarmonie is on stream!
i found my pick! :)
hey Dermathil how've you been
I just watched the latest Darksiders 2 trailer...
11,01He's awesome.
oh thx
invaded
Good Night EveryPony i am heading to bed
I'm looking for a shirt, that doesn't give away that I'm a brony just like that. But everyone watching the show, should recognoze it. any ideas?
night Maid_RainBowJack
Muffins yum yum yum muffins yum yum yum
Who's that stranger on stream that I never heard about?
good to be back after 2 hours
Gnight Maid_RainBowJack
twicwe!
welcome back allponiesarebestponi
Wb allponiesarebestponi
JIM
Night Maid_RainBowJack
Eli: Elements of Harmony t-shirt from WeLoveFine.
Dear Celestia your voice it's its'... SO Awesome!
Bass Cannon shirt
btw guys, did the newsletter get sent yet?
helaments of armory
yes :D
Dermathil: Pretty sure it's GigabitHarmonie talking.
No singing plz :(
Cause if yet I didn't get it
SO AWESOME /)^3^(\
this day aria?
Never heard of him CountDoofus
where can you get a bass cannon shirt?
and there my cghat died exelent
00,03Dermathil: PM me your e-mail
GigabitHarmonie: memorized the Flim Flam Brothers song yet? :D
it would hurt my fragile ears
A Base Cannon shirt would be awesome. It looks cool :3
im on my flanktop right now
I just draw them that is the pony sawg I can afford
You dont hurt anyone :D
but they are fragile :(
Doth my ears decieve me? Is it that one guy from the one night with the hair and the shirt?
dat voice
fluttervoice
08,01before i sleep
haha
Yes
08,01i just want to share something with you all
allegro gotta sing :D
08,01fuck yes, scotland: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-18981287
MaxTheBrony: We'll see :P
^^
like a boss scotland
im on my flanktop right now so if i get off randomly blame it
GigabitHarmonie: I wouldn't mind singing that song with you :)
Awesome
Ah it is. It be him.
haha
HOW MANY GOOD VOICES CAN YOU DO!
smile sing
oh man I love his voice
YOUR AMAZEING
Jim: Ikr
Do sean Connery!
xD
DO Bill Clinton!
Arnold Schwarzenegger
Don't lie to me Sean.
08,01you do not know how incredibly happy and proud to be scottish i am right now
I wish I could be one stream so I could show off my Mr. Burns and (Dark Knight) Joker impersonation.
on*
In Soviet Equestria, Ponies Watch Grown Men
do the cinema snob
Pants?
you take a potatoe in your mouth
HAHA
08,01hey derm!
Gigabit do you have an Oc Pony btw? If so whats its name?
the rest takes care of itself
08,01anyhoos, i'm off to bed for realsies now
GET TO DA CHOPPA
05needs more cocainum
08,01Very_Silly_Filly: i, however, have lived in scotland my entire life :P
Arie's gonna do some more acting!!!!!
Needs more DWAGUNZ
Good Night
Arnie even
now spanish :D
Ahh, okay :s
08,01and was born here
GET TO DA PONIES!!!
Cocainium?
I've been in England pretty much all my life
08,01but sure, come be scottish with me \o/
Is that a new element?
can you do the nostagila critic
im whatching the annoying orange cartoon unfortinatly
The Heavy is a Spy :O
DoctorDoctorWho, wanna see a Pony Comic?
mfw don't know Cinema Snob o.o
pony/10
Ponies47: the spy is a heavy!
:O
I'd give it 7 out of 5 hams
NOPE
GigabitHarmonie: You are a spy -_-
-_-
turret is a spy
11,01So many dresses!
the penis mighter
Smegoul!
Anal Bum covers
xD
can you do the nostagila critic
the spy is a spy of a spy who is a spy
YOU ARE AWESOME AT SMEGOUL!
:)
poison arrowes!
allponiesarebestponi: aka Double agent :P
HOLY MARMALADE of sweet sugary goodness GigabitHarmonie is goodies
spyception
Oh, do Chester A. Bum!
O.o
05if you cant do nostalgia critic
11,01"Well you're sitting on a gold mine, Trebek!"
xD
05do yahtzee corshaw
:D
be gay
:o
:D
05<3
Is Gigabit's voice an instrument?
fuck shit stack
Wrek: he would pass out from no breathing
your yahtzee sounds like sean.
I cant wait for To boldy flee comes out.
"OH MAH GOD, this is the greatest movie I've ever seen in my life!"
.......
Jim yes yes it is
:)
can you be evil gay?
Did I miss some good voice?
/me is scared
burning up, get coffee
Be a Black Woman :)
and it was delicious
DAT HERBERT
I'm gonna go shower now
WHATS GOOD NIYUGA!
haha^^
can you scream i am a man
this needs some structure
00,03You know who you should do? Rina.
ZIk?
GET ON WIT IT!!
Do your best meatwad
:)
haha
05gettign all racial up in here
leave britney alone! she's a human!
GigabitHarmonie: YES GET ON WITH IT
lol
You're tearing me appart Lisa!
Damnit Bronysith I was gonna say that! :[
Whole army "GET ON WITH IT!!"
haha
cue remix..
get on with rainbow dash
Ohai lyra
GigabitHarmonie, let's go eat haugh?
Ohai Lyra :D
/me licks GigabitHarmonie
lyra?
Ohai Mawrk
an excellant impression
Mega what is your favorite Rarity Moment :3?
Hello Lyra :P
oh my gawd this is too excellent
do the annoying orange
YOUR TEARING ME APART LUNA
brb, gotta go dinner
do Rainbow Blitz
Yer
Michael|dinner: DINNER
:D
Sing
SING
an excellant impression
MAHBOI
who is streaming if i may ask
can you do uncle ruckus
Mah boi
Good evening everypony! :)
hai Fisheh_Fish
Hello Fisheh_Fish
alexxm: This :D
What if deja Vu meant that you lost a life and you're starting from the last check point?
That was an excellent mah boi
This peace is
You DARE bring LIGHT to mah LAIR?
hello Fisheh_Fish
do what you want you because a pirate is free
hey Fisheh_Fish how've you been
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=BCNxPTgrIHQ either he's a brony or he's trolling....either way, I love it
Pretty good alexxm
You?
yeah :D
The extended is much better
11,01Do a mime.
^^
11,01:p
can you do uncle ruckus
/me murders Allegr0
11,01Allegr0: No video links during stream.
check around 35 sceonds :P
oops, sorry :P
obviously I'm new here
Hey, no offense or anything... but are you a guy or a girl?
O.o
11,01Do Rarity.
He's both
OBJECTION
DO A FLIP!!!!!!!
I am
XylemTube: O.o mean
13Allegr0: then you might want to read this now http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
haha
xD
TAKE THAT
XD
11,01GigabitHarmonie is a manly girl.
Sing the Timewarp Song
11,01:p
Are you wearing a tropical shirt, like me?
do an Uncle ruckus impression
XylemTube: Don't worry, I wasn't certain either.
Mama Luigi! Lotsa spaghetti!
SCREW THE RULES I HAVE MONEY!
Allegr0: how do you know Giga btw :) Childhood friends or other?
I didn't mean to sound mean :'(
SCREW THE MONEY I HAVE RULES
well i just broke 8 of those rules
/me Hits Dj_Cyber-4G with a newspaper
MaxTheBrony: We've been friends for a long time :)
BAD :[
waa
Ah
In school?
/me huddles into a corner
05sounds like he could do a nice harry patridge voice
xD
DUN DUN
Yeah it does
Wrek: speaking of yahtzee, he just uploaded his weekly vid
can you do one of the girls from charlies angels?
im hungry for [the] FLESH of a peach
TWITCHY TWITCHA TWITCHA TWITCH
well good bye everypony Ill be back in and hour or 2. Do not do anything important while im gone.
quickly set sound to 11
05Bronysith: yeah seen it :3
lol
do what you want because a pirate if free
Wrek play some of that dungeon game
your face!
IM NOT EVEN WINDED
how bad of a fail was that
:D
YAR HARR
/me sits on GigabitHarmonie
yay har didle dee!!!!!!!
Noes O.o
11,01G3 XD
11,01Or not.
Nawt
Wtf am i hearing
:D
/me sweeps Nittany_Discord
Bronysith: Get off of him :[
Its Giga singing Extended
why do i have black screen :(
11,01The opening of MLP is the girliest part.
official extended intro, brilliant :)
Malmortius: He doesnt show himself :3
Malmortius its just a audio stream
Malmortius: Becasue that's how the stream is. You new here? :3
Ponies47: oh no, not that i wil definetely get off now(sarcasm)
Wrek play that dungeon game :(
05jawaw crashed
11,01Fun fact, I skipped the intro when I first started watching MLP.
05lost half the keep
Wrek: wootini
@Nittany_Discord: and the best part
05also Malmortius: stop requesting stuff
:)
NEVER!
Bronysith: Okie doki loki! :P
so much cheese in this song
/me sits inside of GigabitHarmonie
yeah
Respect the Authorithaaa Of the streamers
Frieeeeeeeeeeeeeends
Awesome :D
France
D:
now.... PLAY POWER RANGERS THEME PLZ?
SPAAAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIN
Smile smile smile
Vola e và, My Little Pony, se nuovi amici vorrai incontrare!
05yay I nailed the scope :D
that was awesome
Sing your favorite song :D?
05http://screensnapr.com/v/nLncLJ.png
05<3
Wrek: vury noiceness
^^
00,03Wrek that is so MLG~
Chat derp -_-
:)
:D
We hear it fine.
GigabitHarmonie: its foine
/me Dances
/me listens in Awe
perfect
It good
:D
i like this song so much
back from dinncer :D
Me too :D
Michael: DINNER
*dinner
Wrek: this is dark souls in a nutshell at first http://cheezburger.com/6443613952
haha xD
thta episode is awesome btw ^^
so true..
This is my favorite Rarity song :D
13http://fav.me/d56o7sb
I no It's silly to ask, but how to reply some1
I just had to sort of cheat in skyrim
Really good Giga :D
man, love when he hit those high notes
I wanna hear you sing with autotune
Naw
00,10Rawr I have returned
hai Sumica
Heya Sumica :D
/me crash sits ontop of Sumica
this day aria?
Posting links in the chat is out of the rules?
His voice is best au naturel
Hey Sumica lemme see your war face.
/me licks ShadowStep
becuase atuotune is awesome
He thinks your bad D:
hai Sumica
Cash Cash dose it
Torch him
ALL YOUR BASE ARE BELONG TO US
they are his very best frence
had to lower the difficulty because I was fed up with not being able to defeat krosis after 10 level advancements...
Yummy
do an Uncle ruckus impression
00,10more odd stories from vegas
has my chat derped
alexxm: he doesnt know who dat is
alexxm: he doenst know whom that is
chat depred refreshing
Bronysith: its right to say whom?
spaaace
do the portal space bot
dat space
Adventure sphere is superior sphere
Cara Mia
hey, can you sing something by The Monkees?
because it's handsome
http://www.funnyjunk.com/channel/ponytime/Pop+Stars+Have+No+Talent/RkicGEx/ XD
SPAAAAAAAAAAAACE
back who pinged
space?
hahahahah
dat comment
00,10So i am siting at a stop light waiting to make a left and this car come around the corner making a right when the driver side door swings open and the driver aperently drunk come tumbeling out of the car.
may I get away with a video link?
Sumica: you smacka bitch?
do the special turret
13what happens in vegas
13goes on IRC
Cara Mia
BOTH
Try
^^
a duet...with herself?
You gonna do both?
:3
do the colt version
Chrystalis
theres a colt version too
Both?
Yay Bronysith 's favorite song of all time! :3
00,10seems he tryed to put on his seatbelt but it got stuck in the door preventing it from latching as well as preventing him from wearing it
TDA is a duet of herself... WTF
Ah
Shizu: And it stays on YouTube.
Do the Colt then
hahah
haha
Why not?1
wtf
/me sticks a glass marble in Ponies47 fun time
what why
xD That freak out
You okay?
/me smashes Ponies47
who's on?
Gigabit
NOT THE BEES
:)
O_O
whats so bad about the colt version
Oh great, I came back for oatmeal.
/me Respawns
Am I the only one who sees a black screen?
IN my eyes?! AHHHH
Allegro and Giga should totally do the colt version duet :D!
dont hurt pony47
Dont you think?
Ponies47: you aint dead. just bleedin out from your lower body
yayy
http://cheezburger.com/6437760000
So who's streaming? Scoots?
BEST SONG EVER!]
lowfn: Audio only stream
Gigabit
:D
hi everypony
I'll die before the colt version happens
oh woow, awesome
Hello! How are you guys! BTW I love this song!
Obsidian: Thanks
Bleed to death. Can't you ever remeber that I respawn when I die Bronysith?
Allegr0: Is it so bad ^^?
hai applejack096
great orchestra, cool lyrics... cadance is terrible singer however
your gonna have a hard time doing the line "no i do not live the groom in my heart their is no room"
Heya Michael!
haha
that high voice
damn
Whos singing?????
hey alexxm. Been good today, tired by work a little though. Got a press visit
Heya Quick_Thinker
Dj_Cyber-4G: *you're
thats impressive
cyrs
applejack096: Gigabit
ROFLCOPTER http://cheezburger.com/6436890880
wonder how much training this took
impressive...
i meant the versiion by Victor frost (youtube name)
thats the colt verison
Bronysith: That's not Britt McKillip, though.
Is Gigabit dtreaming or is it a youtube video?
Wonderful... Now let the colt version Happen :3 Duet with Allegr0 and GigabitHarmonie ^^
GigabitHarmonie: Next. This Spy Aria! :D
applejack096, This is live
Dat laugh....
Or is it? I wouldn't think Britt McKillip also sang for Cadence.
applejack096: Both
wow, thats great
Oh wow
KK
11,01Sing the literal version.
and i am back
yay pings1
*!
/me licks Nittany_Discord
hey GigabitHarmonie how many years of training did this take?
Heya BronyInstrumental
dem pings
There's a literal version?
THere's a literal?
hahah this day aria literal
This day is going to be magnificent
wait who is streaming
Wow dude wats next?
Allegr0: Yeah!
ooh, do Daydream Believer by The Monkees!
xD
Jim: All my colleagues will gather around, say I look excellent in my suit.
Allegr0: You there?
Ping him :3
funky :3
we needz the attention
Kenny hear me!
/me Whistles out for Allegr0
True
Allegr0 we need you to save the day!
Kenny xD?
sorry, was in a LoL game
I wish that was false.
stream is off :P
hold on
Ah
i think someone was supposed to hear that
Allgro
13holy crap i didn't know my eyes could gloooooow
NOOOO
He's here
dont forget the rap
11,01More proof pop is manufactured.
HEY DUDE SINGING!!!!!!!!! Sing the MLP Theme Tune!!!!!
NEVER SAY BABY AGAIN
/me ripped off his left ear
stream is back on :P
what'd I miss?
umm
yup
xD
too much!
Allegr0, He shouted for you
13baby
13baby
13baby
13oh
YEEES
anypony know how to stream (not on this site form something i am trying one youtube)
11,01Shizuka, Shizuka, Shizuka, Ooooh <3
Nope :(
DUET!!!
DUET!
/me licks Shizuka
DO it!
Allegr0: Haha :) we got you now ^^
Duet!
lol
right now?
11,01Do the literal version.
that would be awesome
DO EET
D:
awwwww
AW
:P
Can I sing Chrysallis!!!! Im a gurlie ;)
D:
please do!
DO IT
Allright :D
I'm so laggy right now it's not even funny :P
so when are we doing this?
the mic is MLG pro
Eeeyup Imma girl!
YEAH
you jerks
i never insulted him
How did you change from a boy to girl like that? CHANGELING
wait i love you
Its better than nothing ^^ I wanna hear your beutiful singing voice Allegr0 :D
i wasnt even there!
My microphone is basically a carton tube.
who insulted him!
I didn't insult. :(
it wasnt me!
does he?
SKYNET!
Who?
I'd be up for flim flam sometime in the future, that's more in my range :P
meow
Yeah
:D
:$
THANK YOU
Hey Giga im a gurl on a BRONY website! I dunno how i even found this but still! I did YAY!
:)
Well shame on who did.
I didn't make fun of him! :'(
yay
YAY
lol
:D
So awesome :3
LOve is in bloom=BBFFF
BBBFF!!!!!!!!!
my fav songs of the finale
Yeah
Love that high note right there
this song is me currently not really social
so awesome /)(^3^)(\
yay!
applejack096: It's more likely than you think. Being a brony isn't a guy thing.
I love this song
Haha I kno but there shud b a pegasister state or summin!
List of favorite songs 1. Winter Wrap Up | 2. This Day Aria | 3. BBBFF
I hear you reaching for those high notes. It sounds painful.
/me loves all the songs
*claps*
So Awesome :D
that was nice
Smile smile smile, winter wrap up, find a pet, bbbff love is in bloom, at the gala are my fav songs of all the ponies
/me applauds
... Wait whos streaming again? 6_9
i feel reborn :)
giga!
I dont know who you are but you have an awesome singing voice
lowfn: Gigabit
wish i knew my singing voice :c
lowfn: GigabitHarmoni3
GigabitHarmonie wheres your video? I wanna c u singing!!!!!!
witha nd E
/me 11,01wraps lowfn in Winter.
can you sing love is in bloom
lol, I'm still here
/me thanks Nittany_Discord
that LoL game was awful, so I said "screw em"
can you do winterwrap up?
/me Noms on GigabitHarmonie
GigabitHarmonie: Have you guys upploaded the livestream?
thank you
nah, I'm bored :P
:D
Yes!!! Winter Wrap Up!!!
weee
Chat dead?
:)
I feel like I'm out of the whole "who's who" loop in the brony fandom.
cue fireworks...
Love this song Giga Harmonie!!!!!
:D
how much training did this take to be able to do GigabitHarmonie?
That may or may not be due to me not visiting EQD on a regular basis.
I can't sing the falsetto and be heard at all, so I have to hurt my voice to hit the high notes. Teach me how you sing oh great one
MY EARS
xD
haha
OW
:D
mineeee
THEY BLEEEEED
haha
:D
lucky im half deaf as it is
us?
05the keep is now officially...
00,10must you always go in to the range that only dogs can hear GigabitHarmonie =p
GigabitHarmonie: What about the extended version of that song?
053/5ths done
Awesome :D!
/me sticks a pencil in Sumica s ear
Winter Wrap Up!
okay okay winterwrap up!
oh yeah do the extended one
brb
Wrek: It'll be fun seeing it when it's done.
how much training did this take to be able to do GigabitHarmonie?
Btw Does spike have a song in the series?
O.o
MaxTheBrony: Ha ha, no.
00,10why so agro Bronysith?
I tiwerd........
*Hugs wrek *
... From the beginning!
Sumica: lets fix those ears of your
:)
s
O.o
oh boy
Oh NO
Giga You ruined the whole next season
GigabitHarmonie: APPLEJACK NEEDS HER OWN SONG...rage
D:
Watch dem spoilers
GODDAMMIT spoiler :(
GigabitHarmonie:Heres spikes song: .................. MOUSTACHE!!!!!!.................
/me ripped off his left ear when Gigabit sang baby, lost hearing in his right when Gigabit said MINE
WINTER WRAP UP
SEYYYYY!
Gee, I just hope I can avoid S3 spoilers until the episodes are officially out.
WINTER WRAP UP WINTER WRAP UUUUUP!
:D
theirs spoilers for s3 already?
Dead chat????
:(
Kammerjunk: Season 3's gonna have ponies in it
lets finish cheer! :)
RoboGerbil: plenty
thought it was just rumors
lowfn: I read the first two words and CTRL+F4'd out of that shit.
all s3 talk is under spoiler rules
RoboGerbil: nope
You douche.
and will result in an instant ban
please remember this
Back :P
lol so is backseat modding Chrysalis
O.o
Welcome back! Ponies47!
xD
wb Ponies47
Heya Ponies47 :D
Thanks mates :3
:)
Its giga :D
Hurray
^^
bravoooo
/me offers hugs to anyone with a british accent
baravoo
:D
*does a fluttershy cheer*
/me applauds vigorously
OK Sooooo i HATE THAT THE BRITISH MLP THINGYS IN MANCHESTEEEEEER!!!!!!!!!!!! :[
Execlente!
good
O.o
Gotta get some work done for the family. bbl and love your singing GigabitHarmonie.
Yeeey
yay~
Yay*
^^
http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-manchester-18979032
XD
so were still not allowed to take a drink onto a flight
Okay, that's actually pretty good.
but a kid can literally just walk onto a plane
haha
CHANGELING!!!
Good to hear see ya
Wow.....
haha awesome voiceacting
O.o
Oh yeah. I'm going to the WIsconsin Dells tomorrow (Waterpark captiol of the world) I'll be back Friday. I'll miss you guys while I'm gone :(
YAAAAAAAAAY!
That's actually a pretty good Fluttershy voice.
That flutter
so you didnt really need training you were just born with it
Ponies47: We will miss you too :D
inb4 diabetus, again
GigaShy
yay! :)
too damn cuteness
MaxTheBrony: awwwww. <3
I died from the cuteness
:D
nice fluttershy voice
hi you guys
I still think of bambi when I think of fluttershy
^^
weeh
Ponies47: hope you have fun :)
hello icybeauti
GigabitHarmonie: Why is there no video? I want to see you when you hit the high notes :) Please reply!!!!
You sounded like Tomska there O.o
mineturtle
WHAT A REALISTIC EXPLOSION SOUND!
heya rabidsonic
Still needs a bit of practice on your sound effects.
well i guess you were lucky to be born with a singing voice
haah
Is there no picture or is that just me?
hai icybeauti
Eeeyup I do!
heya Michael
O_O
icybeauti, there's only sound
hey icybeauti how've you been
can you do a tobuscus voice?
that explosion was so realistic, I thought my computer exploded for real :O
I want to see your face when your singing
heya alexxm it's been good
Awwww why!
Michael: I know it will be fun it always is. But I'm still gonna miss everypony while I'm gone :(
Do Twilight's voice?
There is a video Of Giga On youtube :) Search for
Heeello audience
:$
Because its funny!!!!
You know, the more he keeps singing like this, the better he's going to get.
Twilightlicious?
Ponies47: don't worry for us, we will be waiting for u :D
OMFG!!! TWILIGHTS IN THE ROOM WITH YOU?!
EHMAGAWD!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ZBZGz51cRc
Michael: :3
Search for ValentheartX on youtube :D there is a video of Giga playing Piano
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/internet-memes-upload-date-is-the-new-birth-date.png
RoboGerbil: dumbflank
and aint no other pony
HI TWILIGHT!!! :)
pinkalicious?
who is next
ain't no other pony trollin' down like me*
now flutterlicious
Premoting Giga like a baws :)
8,6No video links during the stream please
rainbowlicious
GigabitHarmonie: But its 10:00 PM I wanna see you sing now! :(
i dont see a stream
art of the dress?
6_9
11,01Gigalicious.
Rarilicious
:D
Great scott!
DOCTOR WHO IS AWESOME
^^^
haha
Im Applelicious :)
:D
11,01Yay.
lunalicious
lowfilicous
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/internet-memes-no-no-no.png just no... WHY
?
Bronysith: ....DAAAAAHHHHHHH!NOOO
what
lol Bronysith
I agree DOCTER WHO IS AWESOME!!!!!!
O.o what is The Wall?
Bronysith: Normally, I'm not upset by people getting that kind of thing wrong. Normally, it doesn't involve Pink Floyd.
When korn covered the wall, it was awesome.But not JB!
Bronysith: trolling i bet
why would you eve think that Bronysith
twilight_sprinkle: Nah the username looks legit
alexxm: Because people are scum.
twilight_sprinkle: wait wat
twilight_sprinkle: wat
Bronysith: yep.he butchered it so badly
wat i think i just had a stroke
Please may you stop :( GigaHarmonie :( Sing art of the dress please??
*grabs lighter and waves in air*
twilight_sprinkle: yup. i am going to snipe him with my AM rifle
/me wakes up and turns on stream
(No, you're not)
rabidsonic: Better be careful with fire!
hai Rain
dat singing
hai Rain
oh, Scoot-Scootaloo is singing
00,03Nope
Rain, Nope, GigabitHarmonie
Bronysith: he should hope you do that, because im going to kill him much more slowly and painfully
is there a video ith derpy having a muffin gun?
Try an injection
00,03Lucky for you, huh Rain?
/me ....turns off stream
DERPY'S GOT A GUUN!
I tiwerd :(
/me 11,01hugs Rain
wat
applejack096: sleep is for the weak
twilight_sprinkle: but the special bullets just burrow into his head and slowly head to his heart, eating away at him
I don't even hate Justin Bieber. I dislike his music, but I don't hate the bloke. Some of his fans, though? They're the bad people.
Hahah
xD
That yeah
yyeaaaaahhhh
totally!
/me offering free hugs to everyone
Bronysith: lol thats better XD
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/internet-memes-anybody-got-a-shotgun-or-condom.jpg I HATE MIDDLE SCHOOLERS
/me hugs Nittany_Discord
Rain D:
/me 11,01dust lowfn with a cloud.
NOOOOO
Wut?
Dont stop D:
I just got back
Bronysith: Where'd you get the picture of my generation?
Stop streaming?
/me hugs strongly lowfn
:$
sing a beatles song??
Rain D: why you hate him?
*one question mark
icybeauti: why do middle schooler dress like damn sluts now?
11,01Bronysith: Whoah.
I hate no one
It 10:00 at NIGHT! Im a 12 yr old girl im GUNNA be tired!! icybeautie
what, MaxTheBrony?
I wub GigabitHarmonie 's singign (No homo) <3
dor rock and roll from led zepellin
Nittany_Discord: and parents wonder why their children get molested
*singing
*do
ME IS FRIEND
Why you turn of strea... Well never mind :)
Bronysith: Yes. You should see the oics of some of the kids in my grade...Good lord...
DX
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
GigabitHarmonie: You wanna be my friend?
keep your friends... WITH WUBS
11,01They make me sick.
kind of?
applejack096: Oh, you're only 2 years younger than me. I was up till 3 yesterday...
sing somebody that I used to know
MaxTheBrony, I dont hate him. I hate his singing voice
Sing Dynamite? (Favorite song)
GigabitHarmonie: Do the robbot voice. "Space" Do eet.
http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/4850249_460s.jpg
Sing Fuck you im drunk
Guys who here is in Engand!!!!!!!!!! ;)
XD
/me wonders how many people have read the ponychat ToS
applejack096: Actually, at some point in puperty, some hormone shift or whatever happens and you don't feel tired at the point in time you usually would.
Rain: Ah :D well the is acceptible :)
11,01They haven't hit puberty, and they want to be slutty.
Dad, I'm in space!
that*
Nittany_Discord: Good point there
GigabitHarmonie: Oh god thats better than sex to me hearing that voice -lol Love that guy.
Ok Kammerjunk TMI K?
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/internet-memes-almost-as-bad-as-blasphemy1.jpg
kirz|art - About five.
Nittany_Discord: i hate middle schoolers, they all are fucking morons
applejack096: I have no idea what you just said, but I assume it's some kind of leetspeak.
xD
HADOUKEN
ahaha
Hadouken!
COMBO!
stop that button mashing!
xD
Bronysith: Your making me lose all my faith in humanity..
Wombo Combo
IWANTSOMEPOUNDCAKE!
TIGER TIGER
dat classic attack
Say lowflicous now GigabitHarmonie or no hugs for you!
icybeauti: *you're
11,01XylemTube: XylemTube
Lotsa spaghetti!
It means too much information Kammerjunk too much information....
remix that crap!
that sounded like the worms hadouken
Bronysith: Ugghhh....For some reason, my grammar is worst here...
:$ THANK YOU
11,01Nittanylicious!
I hope she mad LOTSA SPAGHETTI!
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/internet-memes-the-standard-for-talent.png
applejack096: I don't get it. It's more informative than what you said, but just as pointless.
/me hugs GigabitHarmonie
*made
Okaaaay!
D:
11,01Or do I have to sing that one.
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/internet-memes-seriously-seriously.jpg
xD
Whoever posts those memes. Yes everyone is becoming less intelligent nowadays
I'll challenge that one ;)
Lawl at the porn ban
hello pesky plumbers
Bronysith: dat pics, so true :(
11,01Bronysith: Good think he lost.
Good the santorum isn't running
haha :)
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/internet-memes-i-dont-even.jpg FUCKING HELL
Allegr0! GigabitHarmonie!!! HIYA :D
Could you sing Dynamite - Tao Cruz please? :)
11,01Too bad we still have Romney.
Nittany_Discord: seriosly
Slender-Panda-Thingy: SLENDER
Damn overly religious ppl :)
/me claps
dis world is ***ed
art of the dress? now?
11,01Most, if not all of the Republican candidates, are terrible.
Allegr0, so, what brings you two back? :D
HOLY SHIT I FOUND BOTH A JETPACK AND A SHOTGUN IN THE JUNGLE LEVEL IN SPELUNKY
you're a strong, independant black pony who don't need no colt!
Alright buck this. I'm living on the moon
Nittany_Discord: politics in a nutshell are shitty
O.o
GigabitHarmonie: Sing Apple096icious or I kill you with dis rifle! (not rly but sing it plz) :)
Slender-Panda-Thingy:
You promised to sing Dynamite ;)
that's mah line....
Nittany_Discord: Most, if not all politicians, are terrible.
xD
Ehh oh
XD
I got them move like Jagger
Sey you promised to sing the WHOLE song ;)
Buy some apples!
hahahaha
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/internet-memes-slammed.jpg YESSSSSSS
XD
can you do the uncle ruckus impression
/me looks left and right suspicous like
party.mov was just sick btw D;
Noooo NOT DYNAMITE!!!!!!!!!!!!
Black Dynomiteeeee
/me 11,01can eat all of them apples.
DY-NO-MITE
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/internet-memes-halloween-aint-what-it-used-to-be.jpg
All of those videos -_-
Are you a cool cat?
/me eats Nittany_Discord's apples
NO!
Can you sing Paradis-Coldplay? has some high notes you might be able to hit
Can ya dig it?
11,01Dammit Panda.
Sing.......... sing......... ART OF THE DRESS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! PLEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSEEEEE!!!!
MaxTheBrony: party mov was halarious ,shed and cupcakes are just wrong
Da fuq?
cratorkid: True
YAY!
SING THAT
Galileo? Galileo? Galileo figaro.
everytime I see Art of the Dress, I think of "out of the box" and I don't know wy
ahaha
why*
xD
Nittany_Discord, want more? :D
Whut was that
and then he was a brony
Wrong kind of paradise, GigabitHarmonie :)
lol
YEEEES!!!!!!!!!!!! Thank u thank u thank u thank uuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!
lol
Dynamite! Dynamite! Dynamite, EXPLOSION once again!
the buck?
Yeah sing Rhapsody :) its not long at all giga ^^
11,01Don't make me put you in a maid outfit Panda.
quick ping him
O.o
I dunno
No, Bohemian Rhapsody.
Yeah
That one
^^
OooooooOOOOOoooooo
I've never heard bohemian rhapsody
Oh.
Wow.
/me 11,01dusts MaxTheBrony with a fan
11,01Alpha-Omega: You may have and not known it.
para-para-paradise
xD
Alpha-Omega: Please....please be joking
para-para-parasprites
/me gets a PS3 Move controller and turns it on then waves it in the air
nope I really haven't
Allegr0: Would you agree singing that one :)?
@Jim LOL
ooo00000OOOOO0000ooooo
MaxTheBrony: bohemian?
Yer
:)
MaxTheBrony: maybe :P
I got a twilight sparkle toy in costa rica.
lol lowfn
Allegr0: I sure hope so :)
Nittany_Discord... you know... I would actually like that :D
/me 11,01sparkles
Yaay! Go icybeauti!!!
:O
/me sprinkles
MaxTheBrony: that ones still has quite a few high points for me :P
11,01Panda: Oh.
applejack096: I was going to enter the ponies round the world contest, but I missed the deadline :P
Nittany_Discord, so...? :D yeah?
MaxTheBrony: I don't think you understand how limited my range is
/me 11,01sprinkles twilight_sprinkle on his ice cream.
Allegr0: Do a duet with Giga :D
Haha silleh iceh!
/me noms on cookie
Its perfect
^^
who you MLP creature (not pony)
Nittany_Discord: dont forget to rate me on my taste!
MaxTheBrony: someone's insatiable :P
haha
11,018/10!
do seaponies count?
Eeeeyup
I would rate dat 10/10
I don'tlisten to the radio. I don'twatch t.c except for a cpuple shows. Ans lastly I don't watch movies much anymore
:$
Nittany_Discord: yay! imma go and try to sell myself as ice cream topping
:)
Hahaha
I listen to 89.5 and the z100 morning show when I'm in school.
Alpha-Omega, You should watch movies with us on friday steams, it is awesome
streams*
lowfn: hes rating me, not the singer :D
movies?
I know
HI GIGABIT!! :$
lowfn: aw, thanks then :D|
I can't this friday. I have youth conference
Oh right xD
Would the pokemon movie be A or B
what
haha
On the stream
:)
Nittany_Discord....... I tiwers.......
He's ded, Jim.
children of the night
*tiwerd
yeah
ded
GigabitHarmonie: Dynamite, Twilight's voice, whole song. Now do it and I give you muffinz and hugs.
Everybody's dead, Dave.
time turned fragile...PLEASE?
allponiesarebestponi: I agree with you :D
Children of the night ^^
if you have learned
lol
hey gigabit?
like its T-N-T~
...
oh god not minecraft..
I came to dig, dig, dig, dig.
beep boop
I heard someone ping GigabitHarmonie and thought it was someone pinging me :)
Kammerjunk: and build a city oh so big, big, big
same here
word singing.. :D
MaxTheBrony: or Equest girltia
Okaaaaaaay
Gigabit?
Yeah :D Any of them would be awesome
YEEEAAAHH
U ARE A PAIRATE
I think I'm just gonna ask my parents for a derpy plushie as a birthday present
/me YARR
HAAARRR
xD
Goodnight everypony :)
night killerpony7733
ping
later killerpony7733
Bya killerpony7733 :)
bye killerpony7733
dem pings
11,01Cya killerpony7733
GigabitHarmonie ping?
so much oing
OH YOU CANT HANDLE DA PINGS GigabitHarmonie
yah har fiddle de dee?
Gnight killerpony7733
GigabitHarmonie: ping!
Bye killerpony7733
hello
PIIINNGG
what have you done????
GigabitHarmonie: Was i hearing stronghold quotes?
bye killerpony7733
dat pings
GigabitHarmonie: ping
:|:D
GigabitHarmonie: PING
ping ping ping
GigabitHarmonie, He's pinging you, and then he's gonna ping me. OHH MY GOOOOOD
are you pirate?
Don't need a sail, don't mind the currents. I'm on the interwebs, leeching your torrents. Yo ho ho and some MP3s. Everybody loves a little piracy.
GigabitHarmonie ping again
GigabitHarmonie:
/me 11,01dusts GigabitHarmonie with an air parcel
hey derp_derp how've you been
GigabitHarmonie can you sing Art of the Dress now or Princess Of China Coldplay featuring Rihanna??? Please reply!
GigabitHarmonie: moar pings
GigabitHarmonie
GigabitHarmonie:
woo
GigabitHarmonie you should give us a count down so we can all ping you at the same time
GigabitHermione :D
GigabitHarmonie: :P
FFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
come on guys hes singing pirate
GigabitHarmonie:
please stop
Stop spamming him
D:
all the pings
children of the night
GigabitHarmonie:
:O
Your breaking him D:
Eggs bacon and spam
/me afk
Dont break GIGA
GigabitHarmonie can you sing Art of the Dress now or Princess Of China Coldplay featuring Rihanna??? Please reply!
damn it stop with the pings
hey you said you would do art of the dress haha
inb4 kicks
:O
WE NEED HIM D:
stop pinging him!
:O
/me Annnnnnnnnnnnd mute
LOL
woo
I sent you the aphabet, I hope you like it
hahaha
SHUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUP!
Giga Put down the Mutehammer
putted
*
holy fuck...
alphabet*
:)
Just noticed, the BronyState friday movie night starts saturday 1am for me... damnit
;)
dat rarity
Eli: there is a EU movie night
not gonna lie this is my least favorite song
Eli, that's why we have EU Movie Night
realy? where?
Eli: same place just later in the day
It's usualy streamed Saturday afternoon for EU people
cool thx all^^
there will be a new timer after the friday stream is done
GigabitHarmonie after this can you please sing Princess of china by Coldplay please reply :)
i love your nam Jim
DONT AWNSER
thank you allponiesarebestponi
I prefer the remix
:)
Afro circus
GigabitHarmonie: do you know art of the mattress?
Circus afro
weeeeell, it's not like i'm not up at 1 am :P
mattress?
TROLL
Trololololool
trolololo
poka dot poka dot afro
:P
trololololol
T.I.P
reminds me of that skyrim troll mod
TROOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
RIP
trololololo
:P
RIP troll guy
What's about he sings Cutie Mark Crusaders - Beep Beep? :P
i wanna sing.....
PLEASE CAN YOU SING PRINCESS OF CHINA BY COLDPLAY GiabitHarmonie!!! IM DEEEESPAAAARA A A AAAaAATE!
xD
BOB SAGET
I know not of this troll guy
damn
GigabitHarmonie: Wont you sing som Come little Children for us :)?
Allegr0, It's a russian singer
AH
Fun Fact for Today: Vampires are actually Space Fish
YEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Even better
:)
YES
woop
discord
/me Diggs
all my :
:)
dat discord remix
YEAH
MY favorite fan made song
Yeah
Mine aswell
^^
YEEES! I LOVE YOU! PRINCESS OF CHIIIIIIIINAAAAA AFTER THIS!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
best fan made song in my opnion
memories of bronycon in my head :(
/me offers brohoof to MaxTheBrony
This is more beutiful then 1000 birds singing :)
lowfn: (\
*sings along*
MaxTheBrony: /)
^^
I can wake up to gigas singing xD
haha
What happend there?
hehehehe
HICCUPS ARE EVIL
EEEEEEVVIIIIIIIL!
DAMN YOU HICCUPS
GigabitHarmonie sing Summer by JackleApp next =D
HICCUPS the source of evil...
Spoiler: Hiccups are the main villand in the S3 Premire
Just Kidding :D
hiccups ruin everything
Is boiling hot over here..................... In England............... 10:28 at night...........................Im tired............................ And waiting for GigabitHarmonie to sing Princess of China......................................
DAMN YOU ALL HICCUPS
Lawl
Scatman
awesome solo
MY favorite is Autumn (Derp Hooves) by griffon village
AWAYYY
8,6applejack096, textwalls are bad for your health
^^
yay..
Equestria girl
sing at the gala?
GigabitHarmonie: Wont you sing som Come little Children for us :)?
*Derpy
yay!.....
its a soft song
:)
I normally sleep during a summer afternoon after a night with a certain pony... giggity :$
Children of the night
*
GigabitHarmonie: Any Scatman songs?:)
What aRE TEXT WALLS...... sory Im only 12 so i dont know these things....
it is?
Allegr0: xD
Gnight everypony, gotta go slep :)
do I now?
my favorite song is time turned fragile :3
children of the night
I just rewatched 'the return of the harmony' and i noticed that I totally want discords clap! the sounds he makes when claping are awesome!
My Michael :)
No It's mine :|
Princess Of China please!!! You said!!!!!! PLEEEEEAAASE!
8,6hmm, good point, do you happen to have parent permission or supervision to connect to the ponychat network, applejack096?
/me tucks Michael into bed
Eeeyup Y?
O.o what is this :D?
:)
MaxTheBrony, Autumn
Ah
Oh it's this song!
oooh, this one.......
hi everyone
yeah, not my favorite, fool
hai Lil_B
8,6because the ponychat terms of service state that a user must be at least 13 years old or have parental supervision in order to use the network
I NEVER HEARD THIS BEFORE BUT I LOVE IT ALREADY :$
you are lying to the wonderful people of the stream :P
i like it :%
:$
thanks Jim :)
:$
/me Is 14 :P
kirzjart I do have their pemission!!! :) And im 13 in three months so soon it wont be moniterd
i'm 18
LOL
lol, uh huh
:)
i'm 14
/me is 23 AND DEFINITLY NOT 24!
desktop ponies is availbke for android and windows phones
kirz|art: Be honest. -lol How many ponys do you think actually obey any age related rules on the internet?
yeah, yeah :P
Gigabit i think you know my favorite song right?
linx: 14 YEAR OLDS! /)
I'm 907 what is this
8,6regardless of your assumed age, you're still expected to follow the rules around here if you desire to stick around
yeah
11,01I'm 29. :<
I wonder GigabitHarmonie, any chance we may hear some Scatman? :)
Nittany_Discord: << No wai
11,01I am.
Okie doki loki kirz|art :3
You're not allowed to be over 27, that's my age. :P
kirz|art: You can expect till your blue in the face. People will break them for the hell of it.
05he's 10 years older than me
05:o
Yes defo! Im a rule follower. Sometimes......... Lol on Skype imma WAY too young!
Dem old folks
Wrek: So your 19?
kirz|art: Im not trying to argue with you. I think your right. But im just saiyan.
SAme
11,01Vordox: Sorry. I'll try and lower my age.
........................................................................................................
This song seems similar to Good ol' Days
/me is the same age as Wrek
8,6that's their right Liokin, just like it is my right to kick them off the channel if they feel like doing so
Nittany_Discord: Good Weather forecast meteorlogist.
yay, I'm no longer the oldest :P
Nittany_Discord, With anti age cream?
Vordox zababa dubidi bbabarabababididididibadadu I'm the Scatman!
inb4 get off my laWN
GigabitHarmoni wonderfull :)
lowfn: it was in it
Lawl Lil_B
/me dusts off Lil_B
Vordox have you seen the new VGA Minecraft Videos?
Lil_B: No, haven't had a chance
05young and exploitabl.. i mean... uh... innocent...
05yeah
good old typography
05thats what i meant
xD
:D
*caughs because of lowfn s dusting*
kirz|art: Like I said sir. Not trying to argue. So turn off the Ego flair -lol I hear what your saying.
Wrek you are also young
:D
Doing sprites/Games/Rhythm is Magic(Trying to)/Streaming/Packing/Preparing for Närcon.
:)
/me gives Lil_B a freshly dusted gas mask
I'm 14 I'll be 15 this year. IN DECEMBER -_-
so is fighting is magic going to be goos
good
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
I'm 20 fo a little bit longer than a month now :)
Ponies47: listen to me , you DO NOT want to get older
:$
alexxm: Sey it will be REALLY GOOS ;)
I'll be 29 in January, I might have to start acting like an adult soon x_x
Vordox just one Spiler about it : Ponys XD
ok then lowfn
Ponies47: You're only a year older than me lol
Ponies47: im 16 and resent my birthdays
being 17 sucks until everything is planned out
alexxm: I might be going to Cantorlot Gardens and I heard there gonna let people try out Fighting is Magic. So if I make it and if I can give it a try I'll let you know.
14 is worst age
Want to be 20 so I can get cheeper booze
who is the song by?
i wanna be 18 so I can get a tattoo
meow
icybeauti: why? i liked being 14, best year of my life
ewwwwwwww a tattoo
icybeauti: here in sweden you only need to be 16
WHO AMDE THIS SONG!?!?
every age has its good sides and bad sides, but I figure it all depends on how you look at things
I'm 19, and I don't want a tatoo, therefore I won't get a tatoo
cratorkid: Not in my generation....Nerom I goign to sweden...
simple
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/internet-memes-a-powerful-message-indeed.png FUCKING HELL
Hrafn: "Theres no point in being an adult if you cant act like a child at times" - The Doctor
sing one trick pony? :)
:)
Bronysith, Why do all the stupid people get attention?
lowfn: good point :P
who made this song?!?!
:O
icybeauti to bad you are not a citizen here and so are folowing our laws here
Nittany_Discord: You have one new PING on our private chat :)
Bronysith: EH.MA.GAWD.
GIGABIT SAID A BAD WORD :C
Damnit, now I have a Ticket and a Room for GalaCon and now the Driver said he can't... I found a new one, I hope he replys asap >.< I have to get everything ready (I'm really going nuts over this)
The fun fact: I may actually get Rhythm is magic working. :D
I know
:3
GigabitHarmonie: Scatman! Or the Princewhatever Derpy song!
Nerom: damn...
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
Lil_B: You gonna make it :3
Capfluttershy, Yeah, the stream is not PG13, the chat is though
UBER FACEHOOF http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/internet-memes-are-you-serious-et.png
You know the most kid friendly place in the world is actually japan, and sweden is on the list at like 7 or 8
Bronysith: xD
icybeauti Fell your pain,
LOL
GigabitHarmonie: Close enough. :D
lol titanic..
D: Sweden y u no number 1?
well, Sweden has sandwich cakes, so we win :3
Yes we does
:)
yes :3
<---- looking for songs
We don't have an official language..
Whom?
smörgåstårta is delicious
<---- is awesome
:D yes Jim
^^
Jim: <3 It's wonderfull if doen well
FLUTTERSHY!!
smörgåstårta <3
And smorgosbord is pretty good
MaxTheBrony yes, but I have not much mopre time before the Ticket and the Room are gone andI don't want to order tham before I'm not Sure that I can actually get there... ore maby I should just pay for it and hope for once
O_o
GigabitHarmonie: What about the Derpy Song, with Princewhatever? =3
smörgåstårta!!!! Gimme
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/internet-memes-i-dont-want-to-live-on-this-planet-anymore-i-really-dont.jpg this is true art. FUCK YOU DUCK LIPS
Lil_B: Cant you take a Cab?
In costa rica the best tasting thing is the rooster chocolate (the rooster is jsut the name of it)
GigabitHarmonie I sent you a private messege with a song request!
: D
It's easier then you think but so loveabe. <3
:D
or the pollo compero
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
Bronysith damn right it is
that reminds me, I have fresh bread I must nom!
Bronysith: that kinda horrifies me to be honest
I love mandopony's cover of this song
Bronysith: Yeah, and tatted people are ugly...
11,01Can't you take a dump...truck?
MaxTheBrony thats abou 250 km :/
Bronysith: I have never seen ducklips as art or sexy. That chick got my respect ten times more than any duckliper
twilight_sprinkle: well it is much more artful and better than orange tans and duck lips
Lil_B: Oh O.o
Lool nittany!
Inb4 rainbow dash, voice chord destroyer.
i give it 8/10 :$
:D
rock time
:D
ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
Hi AppleDash your quiet :)
Nittany_Discord I could get a Skateboard and just hold on to the back of Cars for 3 hours streight
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/internet-memes-pedobear-would-be-proud.png why. just WHYYYY
Told you, dat Rainbow Dash part.
11,01Lil_B: You could.
Bronysith, I agree, tatoos are way better than fake tans and duckfaces, but I'm still not getting one
Bronysith: om my gawd is that real?
Nittany_Discord: about that tetris... http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/internet-memes-tetris-dlc-red-block-only.jpg
