they're awake AT NIGHT?!
Dun dun DUN!!!
-At night
wait..THAT'S IT!
don't SEX IT UP!
or just leave the village I guess.
Hell no
:D
that would be very disturbing
and this is why spending a few months on urology rotation is bad for you
DANCE PONY DANCE
hmm, its a invisible field
I jumped to the wrong conclusion
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: sounds right
THE STATUE!
smashing the statue did it!
:o
Looks like O'Neil's brain is the only thing that didn't age.
it damaged the nanobot signal!
the statue killed them all
11,01Box.
NOW SMASH THAT TOO!
a playstation 3?
Xbox 1080
smash all things!
ooh trippy
its his old timing toilet
Are you sure this is not back to the future?
ah, NON plastic hazmat suits
Herpy_Dooves: eeyup
o_o
dat prostate
prostate?
ew
Herpy_Dooves, no stargates in BttF
Prostate problem.
XD
hehehe
I guess
derp
What are the numbers Teal'c?
so...SMASH THE OTHER ONE!
JUST SMASH IT!
11,01Wake-up call!
so, nanocytes work when they're asleep in range?
annoying alarm clock!
is there actually a frequency that can make people sleep?
what about O'Neal?
:'( Jack
Move to Florida.
Lol!! :D
damn I'm thirsty
Dat Florida
in this case, they all will become toddlers
wait, immitate?
11,01Sumica
05and in a while, all the vilalgers will be babies
yay
Meow
derpy_pony: not in their case
Wrek: Oh hell!! O_O
Wrek: wow that is some logic
damn, I need an adblock
Wrek: not in this case, just they won't rapid age anymore
00,10entire team is babys
^
Ah, status quo is God at this point. "Remember that episode where O'Neil was really old? "Yeah. Good thing he wasn't old in the following episodes."
05sumica got the reference :3
Now they will live long enough to wage wars!
Wrek: oh, TF2 ref.
somehow it was a tf2 reference?
Eulshy: LOVELY WARS!
I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
Who send all these babies to fight.
Good evening, everyone.
Better teach them how to make a proper calender system then.
11,01I love the smell of otakon in the morning.
05smells like napalm, tastes like chicken
11,01:p
Nittany_Discord: O_o
I hear someone setting up Diaper Changing station!
... :D
Malavolent: afternoon man
05too muhc cocainum in chat
DANCE PONY
lucky old guy
Oh, Wrek is back from vacation?
yes Malavolent
Wrek: ah, sweet cocainium. Dude, how was your vaca anyway?
Meanwhile: lets fight, man vs. tiny little baby man
Wrek: Cocainum ya say?
forever alone for life, and gets a hot chick at the end
Malavolent, yeah. He even did some drawing on the stream yesterday.
OohShiny: lol
Cool.
DANCE PONY DANCES
Well I was not here because the net is out at my house for the forseeable future
did i miss stargate ?
so I missed it
ducky: there is another coming
hello lion
oh yes
dance pony dance
05otakon: it was awesome
at least I think there is
05how was wrekbot?
yay more Stargate
Wow.
I love our politicians.
Wrek: I missed it man, and wrekbot can KISS MY ASS>
Wrek: ,eh
otakon, if I may ask, do you know why your mother hates your computer so much?
OOOH gens
gems
They just agreed that Satursday comes AFTER Friday.
all mothers do
Whars Satursday?
Kandarihu: bc I'm on it a fair amount, but it's got nothing to do with me not having net atm.
/me liked Wrekbot
13oo cold lazarus
it's DARWINIA!
11,01Yellow planet.
05been ages since i saw these episodes
looks a bit like Darwinia
Saturday* geez.
Gems, lovely lovely Gems;)
05btw Sumica
Tiberian!
that planet looks tasty
ive never seen stargate before now
Its the planet of currypowder
00,10sup wrek?
sulfur planet?
I just got a weird craving for cupcakes
Or Tiberium, rather.
05didya play deus ex yet by chance?
thats what she said xD
00,10not yet
its powdered cheese
GilDash: Blue tiberium! that rarest kind
05yay i didnt miss it :P
Darwinia is 66% off on Steam right now. $3.39
so, what does a field of busted crystals mean?
It's tiberium, guys! >_<
00,10was thinking about after movie night
Leeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrooooooooyyy jjjjjjjaaaaaakkkkkeennnsss
Kandarihu: can't get it, no net.
have never eaten a cupcake in my life :/
killerpony7733: Tends to explode too. :D
otakon: its either Blade Edge's Mountain or just a random planet
OohShiny: WHAT?!
05ah yes its friday
You can't do it through the library's internet?
/me offers OohShiny a cupcake
hard dessert on my country
It means Rarity is happy you found her all these gems
i love young frankenstein :P
Wrek: I'm probably gonna miss BMN>
GilDash: Oh and mutation and the super heaby radiation from them
05oh shit, 1 week untill mah birthday :o
kewl Wr3k
Kandarihu: dude, you can't download stuff from the net if you don't have it.
Wrek: Cool
/me hugs otakon
killerpony7733: And the slow process of killing you. :D
Dat crystal has the weirdest boner
happy early b-day
11,01You will become yellow sand.
Wrek: Mine is in 13 days myself, got my present early.
IEATSAND
can't you buy it through steampowered.com?
killerpony7733: And turning absolutely everything it touches into tiberium. :D
Yes, I suddenly appeared after a few minutes of AFK
um the hell?
OMG ITS A DISGRUNTLED ACTOR, RUN COLONEL
GilDash: Yeah the crystals start to grow and stick and pierce in and out of the body? ouch
so 23rd Wrek ?
Very_Silly_Filly: wb
the hell?
CLONING CRYSTAL!
That is a seriously yellow place.
11,01His gun has a radio.
Nittany_Discord: his radio has a gun
I know, but you could buy it while it's on discount and then download it when you can get your home computer online again.
killerpony7733: Yeah... nasty way to go. :S
His Radio has a Radio
Wish my gun had a radio
its a powdered cheese planet! 8D
Would tune in to BBC Radio 2
11,018 So yellow 2 and blue!
Kandarihu: yeah but why bother?
Nittany_Discord: ouchies
Nittany_Discord: Make green!
Nittany_Discord: nice contrast
lol my school colors
Nittany_Discord: first time you use a different color
Shit, you're scaring me Nittany_Discord
wish my radio had a gun
my eyes
Nittany_Discord: THe planet is obviously a UMich fan.
he's like "Woah"
05even when he's young he looks old
What is this place filled with so many wonders :3
It's more about jumping on the discount while it's in effect... although this discount is running until July 23rd.
GilDash: I loved how in TB3 they give you a huge amount of background info and the science of things like how tiberium works
and then they had to teach O'Neal everything over again.
its reminds me of doctor who
the swirly thing
Kandarihu: honestly waiting for something else to go on sale.
Wrek: we are but the experiances in life
11,02Good morning all ^-^
I see
Wrek: Born with five o'clock shadow.
hiya SuperBrony64! afternoon!
Morning SB!!!
morning
good morning SuperBrony64
Allo SuperBrony64. :3
good evening gentlemen
11,02Happy Friday the 13th :3
morn SuperBrony64
/me hugs SuperBrony64 "I've got bad news"
00,10Silly super, it's almost 1pm
killerpony7733: That's just stuff that was already written for the first 2 games but never got it because of cuts. :S
oh crap
/me hugs otakon "What? :<"
SuperBrony64: That defies logic, it's 20:48 here, *whatiathissocery.jpeg*
what's this?
pony dances
I don't even care if it's Friday the 13th
Lazarus was worst Archbishop
SuperBrony64: my net is out at my house until further notice. So I'm probably gonna miss BMN tonight."
Hello everypony :) What're we watching?
GilDash: Still i loved the codex they had in TB3 period :)
awww
Chances are, I am as likely to die on Friday the 13th as pigs falyig
11,02otakon: Awww :<
aaaand no one gets my reference
killerpony7733: Needed more Kane. :D
Und dann Very_Silly_Filly was killed by a flying pig.
SuperBrony64: went out yesterday morning at 10:24 AM was fine and then "Poof!" it went out. Still getting a signal but can't connect.
Und dann I survived
GilDash: Yeah the codex was vague on both sides in the game
dat SuperBrony644
killerpony7733: I wanted CABAL back. :(
SuperBrony64: I'm on the public computer at the local library right now.
Anyway, while I'm thinking
killerpony7733: And Slavick.
/me goes back to being DED
/me 11,01dusts SuperBrony64 with his feather duster 2000.
otakon: i thought you were already done by now?
Dyck
off to study ponies!
11,02Everypony should always visit their loal library twice a day~
wait, is it maid hour?
so, O'Neal keeps a memory chest in his locker?
11,02local*
evenin' everypony
SuperBrony64: hehe, no
GilDash: We did legion in wrath of kane :P
What are we watching?
heya SirGanjalf
GilDash: Get*
SuperBrony64: You mean the one in my place that looks like someone ate the books then waited a few days and returned them?
SirGanjalf: Stargate. SG1.
I've read plenty of books in my lifetime
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: I found out I can get up to 4 hours on PC a day here. But it closes before BMN
killerpony7733: It's not the same. :(
11,02You don't want to visit Twilight? :<
otakon: :'(
lol
Hi SuperBrony64 :D
ooh
song from season 3
hell yeah!
You know if you read the story I'm wroting you'd find that funny
00,10well dont you feel like shit now sam
Dat S3 stuff.
Sumica: I ALWAYS do
looks like a theather
okay that song is great
I'mma kill this computer for not having sound
strange how they are making a lot of twilight songs
/me 11,01dusts Unnr
OohShiny: it's a reveal from a cellphone cam.
that's what I am talking about
Vordox ?
also, animation looks even better than S2
the only songs twilight sing
Phallic crystal.
GilDash: Still wrath of kane was awesome with the ultra units, MARV and all the faction ones were so awesome :$
alone
is love's in bloom and BBBFF
fanfiction killer episode
killerpony7733: Yeah, Titans and Wolverines I've seen. Shame I never got to play it. :S
yeah, awesome song
also, awesome animation
killerpony7733: Seen all the Nod cutscenes though. :D
LAZORS!
hey people
and then ASSASSINATION!
hiya Otherness
dun dun DUUUUUN
so creepy...
it feels like Terminator all over again
GilDash: It had each faction with 1 ultra unit,
HAI SURUHHh
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: and then he grew crystal arms and cut her up.
well this isn't awkward
otakon: yup
/me hugs otakon for no reason.
damn volume on this PC nearly killed me
My god, this sound is so retarded to fix, even my internet settings gave up to me the other day
/me hugs Panda.
Panda: thanks man, oh how did it go with Loopy the other day?
Nice answer.
Panda: you gonna help with the concept art for the game?
otakon uh... i wasnt what he was looking for ^-^
I pinged?
And hi GilDash! How goes it?
back of macguiver
Panda: well that kinds of sucks.
Panda: Same old, same old. Who's Loopy? ;)
otakon ^-^ nah its cool
meow
Moo
/me Pokes the messager below me
also, I damn near crushed myself yesterday while mowing the grass.
otakon: how?
GilDash trademark wink i see... he is a friend of otakon's who needed an artist.
otakon: usosilly
friday night is coming!
Panda: Ah, I see. :)
I got jammed inbetween the riding mower and a tree branch.
Even I don't get that stupid with injuries
and Teal'c is like..."WAT?"
Lol
my ears do not bleed
TV is a strange thing.
Teal'c is a poet
you don't say?
Huh.
Meanwhile, soistheinternet
legos
Well I guess with no spoilers I guess we can't talk about the leaked season 3 song here right? I bet people will be talking about that during the pony eps tonight
Very_Silly_Filly: yeah it that was a fluke. I've done it dozens of tmes before and I judt didn't duck low enough is all.
I hope I can Enjoy the Movie without my Sister waking up... or without me Turning down the Volium
JESmith71: enope.
otakon: Hmmmmm
Lil_B: use headphones.
Okay, why is Crystal Clone O'Neal so interested in his son?
What are we watching?
CrazyHippie1234: it's Stargate: SG-!
anyone saw Bronies React to Season 2 Finale?
SG-1
11,01CrazyHippie1234: A Viagra commercial. :p
otakon good Idea... I wated to buy some good quality Headphones anyway
OohShiny: yes, hilarious
ahaha
otakon: Because he's not all there? Because he has the primal desire to bring his son back? Because the crystals kind of look like cheese dust? Who knows.
i wont hear or see anythin which has to do with season 3 until its published
05JESmith71: corrent, this place strives to keep it 99% spoiler free
Meanwhile: lol
that*
OohShiny I saw it
Wrek: what about the other 1%?
love when he asks: This a kid show?
OohShiny: eeyup
Those legos
HEY! Does anyone know if there is a video downloader app for Android Tablets?
So what is this playing?
Alpha-Omega: fatherly response > military.
Stargate: SG1 GODDAMMIT I've only said it like 20 times
00,10incoming sad
yes
JESmith71, Stargate SG-1
Tactical Sad incoming! It's over!
dead
and a noise NO parent want's to hear
OohShiny I loved when one of them said that William Anderson is a Genious :)
05NOOO CHARLIE ITS TOO SOON TO GO TO CANDY MOUNTAIN CHARLIE!
MOTHER OF GOD SEASON 3 STARTS NEXT MONTH!
Dance pony
Wrek: Mood Killer.
huh
and when trivium says "Seems legit."
sagas: Whaaaat???
AttacktheAndalite: Yes!
Inb4 the crystal is a better person than the original
and smiles in an evil way
sagas: Proof
Lol!
Dat lying.
People like his "Staff"
what is this?
ahahha
sagas, that is the ONLY thing about Season 3 that I care to know about ahead of time. Thanks!
CSI stargate?
Irrelevant ; OMG http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=TVxr4l5B930
hello everypony,seeing stargate i see :)
sagas: Where does it say it'll air next week
no video links during stream Metronome
season 3!!!!!!
Allo sergio_scriptor
MLP FIM Season 3 Leak
Hey sergio_scriptor
season THREE!!!!!!
Metronome: no spoiilerss
What is this? Delayed S3 info reactions?
hahaha
kind of
Metronome: remeber river song: "Spoilers"
if its a leak..... why is it infront of a convention?
I want to know....but i like stuff to be a surprise :3
So no spoilers plz
ಠ_ಠ
AttacktheAndalite: 3:20 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVxr4l5B930&feature=player_embedded
no vid links during stream
Why so many youtube links during stream?
hewwo link
O_o
00,10am I gonna have to start baning people?
do it
goint to teh pool
^
later
iduunolol
sagas: I mean PM it
/me gives Sumica his ban muffin
k wont do it agagin
Who's agagin?
13don't make the shizu angry
ಠ_ಠ
Dance pony dance
oh sh**
TUBEMATE is a youtube video downloader and converter
Crystal mirror
for android
'dem ded chat
Omg the tiberium is growing!!
Shizuka: what just happened?
that song was good
omg Crystal ppl
did someone get banned?
Well that isn't creepy at all.
Did I hear spike say (IT'S DERPY???)
otakon: Not yet.
it's real O'Neal
i like more "Stargate :atlantis" then "Stargate :SG-1" :| im an a atlantard
its probably Kahn
Grrr, this sound problem is starting to make me want to blow a hole through my PC
wow
Lol.
chat
be quiet
shhhh
back
13is silent, this is a poignant episode
13ties up jack's character arc from the movie
'dem polis, 'dey be checkin' his pockets
ah
lol
yeah, it's O'Neal
Angry Shizuka is scary but fun
scary butt fun?
MadSurge: agreed on scary, not so much fun though
/me Pokes messeger below me
I need season threeeeee....
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka
Unprotected butt fun.
. . .
XD
so many windows opeennnn
Ummmm hmmm..
Eulshy.... dont poke me there
fallout 3 or new vegas?
Hey hey hey, quit poking me with your thing@
3
Dovah: Fallout 3 for the engine, New Vegas for the better story
anyone know if there is a Youtube video downloader app for android tablets?
Meh
<_<
Dovah: new vegas
EVERYPONY!!! CHECK OUT THIS VIDEO PREVIEW OF MLP SEASON 3 FROM SDCC :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=TVxr4l5B930
/me Pokes messeger below me
YES TUBEMATE
-_(\
-_-
so much youtube links today :|
pony_1167: You mean the video we saw around half an hour ago?
wah wah wananana
/)-(\
I guess he wasn't here when you told me not to talk about it
pony_1167, no video links during stream.
who is the best pony?
Wait, did the kid shoot himself or....cause I heard a gunshot
Good to know now should i go play Dark Souls or no?
Dun, Dun, Dunnnnnn
Unnr: agreed I'd say but I liked the Capital Wasteland setting better
AttacktheAndalite: Sorry
now you could sense that kick a mile away
Who is the best pony?
kalookapoo: Me of course
Da Stargate.
otakon: agreed, but NV's overall plot was more fallout feeling. 3 suffered horribly from lack of faction recognition.
. . . damn you
your right
Unnr: yeah it did
Wait...so Crystal Jack is trying to bring Charlie back...
I was shoecked, today!
More like the appraiser
Mods, maybe you ought to put a warning on the front page saying "With Season 3 info now being leaked, remember our no spoilers rule" or something like that
Dovah: i like more new vegas beacuse it feels more like an nuclear western and more of an open world then fallout 3
Did Charlie shoot himself or was it by accient
why is it whenever i get on youtube i allways end on my little pony fim :p
AttacktheAndalite: Shot himself by accident.
Meanwhile: Oh
because mlp fim links to everything
its called pixels O' Neal
What, the. FUCK. Oh come on! Audio driver, fixed. Sound = still NOT working
thats true the duck song has mlp fim written all over it :D
MarDoWell: Even though it was written around 4 years befire
otakon: nothing was more annoying than wandering around early game in the winterized armour from Operation: Anchorage and having the Brotherhood of Steel people you met later in the game looking at you as if you were neoluddite scum.
Which I guess explains why newcomers come in here posting video links
11,02Yeah, remember that with Season 3 approaching, any confirmed/unconfirmed rumors about the new Season need to be kept private and out of the chat. We enforce a No Spoiler policy here :)
Yep, now you tell us
i know it was a portal into the furture
Gg brah
SuperBrony64, gotcha
Unnr: yeah true, but the BoS is worse in New Vegas
well... hello there...
the BoS is closer to Fallout 1+2 style BoS
hi Lil_B
in NV
/me salutes to SuperBrony64
I wonder how many times you'll have to repeat that in-between now and when Season 3 airs
hello every one
hello cow334
cow334: Holla! :)
Allo cow334.
i love the trxie for season 3 rumors :P
sergio_scriptor I was speaking to the crystal on theb stream... but... thanks :)
hello MarDoWell GilDash Meanwhile
Lil_B: upps :$ sorry
I'm gonna love Meanwhile's reaction more than seeing Trixie
sergio_scriptor np XD
join the pink side there are muffins :O
GOOD MORNING'SS!!!
I thought there were cupcakes
hello
hi Doobinz
good morning Doobinz
I think the gray and yellow side has muffins
Sup ma poop
rainbowdash is ugly
da otha guy
dang i thought it was the pink side
FUCK YOU Zoobinz
Very_Silly_Filly: Depending on how the episode goes, I may or may not explode.
sergio_scriptor: afaik they arent rumors, i think hasbro said there will be trixie
!!
Tee hee
,=,E
About the only Season 3 info that can be mentioned in here is when the air date airs when it's revealed. And by the way in that leaked video some people think at the guy says "Tune in next month" but he's really saying "Tune in next fall"
im joking i have a rainbowdash teddy and i rub it against my penis everyday
zoobinz did u just say rainbowdash is ugly?
Oh great. The clone is a rad bomb.
13if anypony wants to join tf2 with bots, connect haruko.vortalcord.net
11,01Sumica should wear something new on stream :p
Nittany_Discord: O_O
twi_sprinkle_GS17: indeed,but they are still classified has rumors,even if it comes from the mouth of hasbro :)
yeah its pretty ugly
MarDoWell: rainbow dash is not ugly, she always dresses in style
dance pony dance
thats not what i said
Mardowel it's outragous
nopony is ugly!
Sept the ugly pony
Start your morning with a Healthy cup of radiaton for your daily atomic needs
I don't like RD either
that they beat and spit on
zoobinz said rainbow dash was ugly not me
but nopony is ugly!
I have seen your world, I will need it.
Followed by a big jug of radaway
dat TV info
Dat briefing
Da white socks.
RD is the best pony
cool way to spell Fluttershy dude
and apparently fluttershy will turn into a dragon in season 3
rainbowdash is a blatent member of the Klu klutz klan
Very_Silly_Filly: and a fresh bottle of precious nuka cola ? :)
Fluttershy
(⌐■_■)
How gay are you?
what?
well i did not say rd was ugley zoobinz or Doobinz said she was shes my faverit pony
my internet derped
Doobinz: none,i only feel atrcted to twilight sparkle
my fave is either pinkieor twilight
/me 11,01hugs alexxm
Doobinz: im so gay i ate nails for breakfast today. without any milk.
Oooo twillight the fox
i get a hard penis whenever i see twilight sparkle
*pinkie
/me hugs Nittany_Discord back
especially around rainbowdash
aliens
Inb4 kick.
zoobinz: dude, tmi
MAGIC
I'm so gay that anyone I touch turns gay
thats just the bee's knee's
05mfw the spazzing sound is the pylon warp in sound of starcraft
zoobinz: What the hell, dude
Wrek: nah
05henceforth these crystals are what the protoss uses
/me touchs zoobinz and says "Tag."
Goddamn Im tired...
guys your all fucking stupid retarded sick pony lovers
wow zoobinz you are wrong and should not be in this chat if your going to talk like that
10 people died because the machines failed
Wrek: We must construct additional pylons!
05henceforth the SG1 universe and sc2 universe is the same
Wrek: Mother of Aiur...
go get a job/life and get out of your basement
Hello BronyState. Any bronies mind telling me if this is SG-1 or Atlantis?
zoobinz: I like you, hae a sticker :)
now get the fuck off this chat and die
O'Neil is best Pylon
SG-1.
zoobinz: um what are you on about?
Listern to yourselfs your all grown men. your all sick any reasonable well hormone balanced men will agree with me that Applejack is the best pony
Zerg = Gou'ald????????????
Riders: it sg-1
inb4 ban
Doobinz: dude, don't push it they'll ban ha
everypony, there is a parasprite in the room
Doobinz: That's a weird way to spell Pinkie Pie.
don't feed it
kick doobinz and zoobinz there being mean and hatefull
DON'T FEED THE PARASPRITES!
just ignore them
I don't think he's trying to be to be honest
Why is chat suddenly babies.
:|
let the Rainbow shine upon them!
Ppffffff SweetieBelle is best pony
Im no parasprite
/me 11,01rainbow
rainbowdash is a stupid cunt
Im just a lonely assholer
and deserves to die
Doobinz: he mean's troll
I also like Applejack.
NOO ZOOBINZ!!
RD is beast man you get me
zoobinz: How about you stop being immature and leave like the adult that you claim to be, without fuss or comotion? Thanks you and have a nice day. <3
:o
DON'T FUCKING FEEd THE PARASPRITES
zoobinz: I'll bound to your superior knowledge of Rainbow Dash
incoming
anyone in here is more of a fan of stargate atlantis then sg-1 like me ?
wtf
applejack is the sperm of my little pony
its needed but not wanted
lol zoobinz
11,01Rainbow Dash is my favorite pony.
yes very silly filly
but i'd much rather you fuck off
Nittany_Discord: dont feed the trolls
zoobinz: nah.
oh gawd
Shizuka i want to join but i dont know how ?
im joking
Nittany_Discord: Odd way of spelling Pinkie Pie
Im no troll
zoobinz: mmmmm hmmmm
THE END! THE END IS COMING!
I love da ponys
me lurv you very silly filly
it's fun to mess with the trolls :P
was that a threat?
AttacktheAndalite: he said 'his favorite' :|
Nittany_Discord has best spelling.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Nittany_Discord doesnt feed trolls silly... he eats them o____o
I'm Darth Vader from the planet Vulcan
hello
Meow
twi_sprinkle_GS17: Whups....excuse me, the idiot corner is calling me :D
Eulshy: meow
JESmith71: Are you the high Klingon?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: No, *Holds quantum knife at neck* This is a threat
11,01zoobinz always dresses in style.
Spectrum_Rush|Awake: om nom nom
SparmlyWaffles: Meow
on mondays i wear a thong
cant some one kick the trolls like cmon i came here to chat and wait for mlp
I love myself abit of applejack to brighten up my day
and every other day i go nude
wow dat acting?
Evening everypony, oh nice! stargate:)
just to spicen up my work
What trolls?
im a surgeon...
MahBoi777: but its supper not dinner
/me purrs at Eulshy
Eh, the BttF feature is over. Maybe it'd make more sense making that ref is they played this right afterward
the parasprites
evenin Agrold
Spectrum_Rush|Awake: awwwww:S
MarDoWell: this is our chance to practice anti-troll skills
/me points at zoobinz and scream "THE END IS NEAR!" and runs off.
:D
So how long as Super Brony up last night playing that anyways?
yup your right sergio_scrptor
oh god
11,01So yellow.
Dat crystal essence.
zoobinz: just calm down and enjoy the stream eh?
Jarhead Clan
Im starting a church of sooby doo worship anyone for takers
Woohooooo
Sound.
Is. WORKING
Meow
i wished we could see "stargate : atlantis" :'(
odd's are is that the sand is obviously snow that has been peed on
i love stargate atlantis sergio_scriptor
has Stargate the Series something to do with the Movie?
This.is.a.really.annoying.way.of.talking.
11,01Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: XD
Lil_B: yes
Weee. I can hear the stream
Lil_B: Yes, yes it does
Meanwhile: :D
I don't feel like a deaf guy no mor
Seriously.why.won't.you.just.connect.the.damn.words.you.muppet.
or lemon Snowcones
i can see this character getting annoying
,=,e
Meanwhile: Ceebes
11,01It's just a planet of clashing colors.
a'www poor crystal critter
(\
/)
wow!
NO CRYSTAL CRITTER DON'T DIE!
Lil_B, I guess you could call SG-1 a followup to the movie.
I don't understand the plot
Kill it, before it lays eggs!
Kandarihu and what happens in the movie?
but there are manly tears being shed
right on sergio_scriptor
11,01Charlie's infecting you.
what a twist
wat
I once asked my teachers "Do you like the plot?"
11,01Cut him out.
Nuu now the crystal is cute, he can't die now
She said yaes , I lil'd
Nittany_Discord they all ie because of Radiation
Lil_B: sg-1 is a spin-off of the movie,and stargate atlantis is a spin-off of the spinf-off,and dont get me started on stargate: Universe
sergio_scriptor: Yo dawg
just 2 more hours intell movie time
sergio_scriptor: SGU is You dawn, I herd you liek BSG
now they have to wear radiation suits around the kid xD
Well, Stargate Universe is just another spinoff.
so, which comes first, mlp or movie?
no bucks were given
11,01Movie comes first.
*Yo dawg
11,01A movie. MLP 1. B movie. MLP 2.
sergio_scriptor oh... I guess thats why I don't like Spinoffs of Scy-Fi Series :/
Isn't there a new Stargate tv series in development?
your a batty
11,01With intermission after MLP 1.
Dance pony
Very_Silly_Filly so I heard you like Stargate
Mmmm hmmm
Kandarihu: i never liked sg:u it always felt like a battlestar galatica rip-off in the sg universe :|
sergio_scriptor: It pretty much was
Why are they all constantly whispering to eachother?
Riders: i which there was :'(
im with sergio_scriptor
:S
Nittany_Discord I haven't recieved a Newslatter in the last 3 weeks... are the servers fixed?
I heard you liek sci fi's, so we put sci fi's in your sci fi's so you can sci fi while you sci fi
scifiception
nice grammer
I never watched the new BSG. And it's hard to enjoy SG:U with my mom constantly complaining about everyone bickering and fighting each other when they should be working together like in the other SG series.
Eulshy: :D
i know right
MarDoWell grammar*
I has da best grammor
:D oops
Kandarihu: lol :)
BRAVO!!!
Hi-Fi, Lo-Fi, Sci-Fi
11,01Lil_B: Yeah. Are you using a comcast e-mail address?
Ooooo
well that was a good episode
00,10oki, that's it for me, wreks gonna take over.
a drawing comp
11,01Is SG:U still running?
00,10I will be back in a few hours for movies
Thanks for streaming sumi.
Nittany_Discord no, gmx.de
Nittany_Discord: no it was canceled after season 1
ty Sumica
thanks for streaming Sumica
Thanks for the stream, Sumica
I wonder what wonderous torture wrek shall give us
/me sits on Sumica
thanks for streaming Sumica
thanks for the stream
ty sumicca :D
I'm pretty sure it went for 2 seasons
Bronysith the guy who could sit anywhere
*sumica
thanks for streaming an awesome show Sumica
man.. I really miss the good ol' stargate series. Used to watch them all the time before:)
thanks for the stream Sumica
damn buffer!
now, for all of you watching, DA BUFFER SHOW!
thanks for the stream Sumica
@Nittany_Discord = I think Universe either ended or was cancelled
OohShiny: yay....
00,10yeah it's amazing i get any thing done with Bronysith siting one me and Nittany_Discord sleeping on me
whats next?
It was cancelled. Definitely cancelled.
woo
Agrold: me too,i realy wish they realese the "Stargate: extinction" movie somedya :'(
cute twilight
Sumica: not my fault your so damn comfy
11,01Sumica: You do it when you're not my bed.
half life!!!
does anyone here know what homestuck is
/me Pokes messager below me
oooh half life
i still need to beat half life 1
hiya Wrek
Yay for half life :3
Wrek: watcha playing?
Half life ! AWWW YEA!
aww... when did wrek start this? I wanted to hear the Intro Speech
oh it's Half Life 2
00,10wrek life2
Wrek is streaming HL2?
lol
2
when half-life 1 came out I was pretty much obsessed with it.
Bronysith: you'll hate the last levels XD
did you know the zombies in hl2 are saying backwards "oh god, HELP ME!!!!" or "HELP!!!"
^
Alchemist: :P
Kinda scary when I look back at it.
in agony
leeeeeeeroy jeeeeeenkiiiiinnnsssss
I don't play HL I play Halo
Soul Yeah, its awesomeness
Hey Wrek, were you the one that streamed HL2 around last November-ish, near Thanksgiving?
i dont remember this part of the level
because halo is awesome too
Soul: they also sound like theyre yelling "yabba my icing"
OohShiny: :| prepare for the hate spam
sergio_scriptor: Oh don't remind me of that:P I hope they will one day make it, but think it's starting to get a bit late for that soon. All the original actors are getting older. At least RDA
lol
oh half life
lol
HL2? Sweet
and other zombies are saying in deep pitch the last moments of their lives
Agrold: yes,and that is sad :'( but i realy hope they realese something new in a few years,altought it highly unlikely (bad spelling sorry)
Hm. So I just found out that my dad doesn't like Gene Wilder.
half life reminds me of doom
how?
i cant remember exactly what they say though
And I am disappoint.
Kammerjunk how come
OohShiny: considering half life was inspired by doom. yea
13wrek ist doing a hl2 playthrough now?
OohShiny: in what ways?
I like the Flashlight in HL... I always turn it off in L4D because I somehow can see less with in there
alexxm: Dunno. He just doesn't think he's a good actor.
killing monsters
aw that headcrab just wanted a hug
who ine here loves G-Man too ?
Kammerjunk i thought he was good in blazing saddles
how do you get your ponys to stay still? :O mine bug me whe i play games.
my faverit game is wait for it........ EVERTHING!!!!
alexxm: Yeah, that was a pretty good film.
Bronysith well Doom was like the example for Valve on how NOT to make it :/ they wanted to make it completly different
sergio_scriptor: love how the VA made his voice creepy.
doesnt everyone need a good hug from time to time? : )
My favourite game is HL3
Soul: If only. There are theories that headcrabs are only parasiting on humans who are still kinda self-aware.__.
sergio_scriptor: same here, as long as they don't make a new SG:U :P
Soul: definitely :)
According to statistics, my favorite game is Team Fortress 2.
Very_Silly_Filly every game that involves Valve and the Number 3 is good
/me Pokes messeger below me
>VALVe
>3
exactly why they scream help backwards
tf2 is kinda wierd but not a bad game :p
OK, everypony, gotta go.......see you all for MOVIE NIGHT! (And an incoming Tenacious D reference)
Ha.
bye Dark92Enigma!
NIght, Dark92Enigma
my fav game is probably star wars the jedi academy
mine is BF2. I think I hit 1000 hours in that... Wow, that sounds really sad :D
bye Dark92Enigma
see ya dark92enigma
till later Dark92Enigma
bye
that took a wile to typ
tpe*
type* lol
Lil_B: You can't use "Valve" and "3" in one sentence, silly filly
Agrold: god help us,but you know there exists a show that is worst then sg:u ,it's so bad that even the fans dont usualy talk about it,It's called" stargate:affinity" search for it,you will not belive what is about and what kind of show it is...It's baaaaaaad :|
valve 3 *explodes*
ya valve hate the number 3
Alchemist: I did the same in TF2.
What game is this?
Lucid: half-life 2
Ah
Lucid: Seriously, man? This is Half-Life 2.
twi_sprinkle_GS17: does not compute
sergio_scriptor, you mean Stargate: Infinity, right?
SirGanjalf but Hlf Life X (as in 5-X=2) is awesome
its funny hearing what is this game
Kammerjunk: wait till someone mistakes it with CoD :D
year later tf3 10billion peoples jaw drops D:
is there a game valve makes that it's the third in the sequence?
how are you? because im a potato
Asides from TF2, this is VALVes very best game.
Kandarihu: is it ? must have confused it ... :D sorry
Alchemist: Good grief, I hope not.
Lil_B: IKR? I can't wait for Half-Life 2: Episode 2 - Part 2
i envy people whodont know what game this is. that means they dont spend time on games at all
twi_sprinkle_GS17: XD
I think I am gonna play LoZ:LttP
SirGanjalf: I hope they title it that.
I might hop over to Valve to get the ubisoft pack, and other games too... :I
Seriously.
It's cool.
okay, how come this looks better here?
*has no life ;w;
1 year later half-life 3 10 billion peoples jaw drops D:
peoples?
MarDoWell: if only man, if only.
I like the Archievments in HL2 :) I even got myself the Ravenholm Archievment and in Ep1 the "One Bullet" Archievment its really fun
>10 billion
G-Mam is best pony
sergio_scriptor: I only find the episode called Affinity, but is there a whole series with that name?:O
Half life 3 will never happen
MarDoWell: if only :(
OohShiny: "Peoples" in a valid term. "10 billion peoples" is not.
half-life 3 cant exist. its impossible
fail
dude my typing ient so good
isent*
G-man is best man... and pony?
Agrold, he meant Stargate Infinity
Agrold: i mistake the nameit's "Stargate:Infinity" sorry :)
ded
Dat nade.
00,10ow
master are best poni
G-man is creepy
Wrek lost the willto crowbar.
welll that happened to me too wrek :/
ah, ok:P
Suicidal, suicidal
sergio_scriptor yeah that one I have heard of
why the bots bleed?
You ded son
OohShiny: Oi. They're combine.
they are fuckin bot
Agrold: the animated show...It is the worst of all the stargate shows
dem hot bolts
OohShiny: they are humans
damn... Now I REALLY really want to play HL3 Oo
ive never played half life 1 or 2
erm... HL2*
I've got a combine harvester and I'll give you the key. Come on now, let's stick together in perfect harmony.
Doobinz: it will happen in Valve time :D
*GASP*
Soul: Neither have I
ive never played 2...
Ho ho ho
*faints*
I have
sergio_scriptor:as Teal'c would have said.. Indeed
honestly, wasn't impressed
Gabe never Newell when it will come out
but then again, it was on console port
00,10oh right they added acheavments
wakes up and screams then refaints*
cunt
i like half-life franchise beacuse of the awesome story behind it :)
zoobinz: who the blazes was that directed towards?
My friend played Portal2 before 1 and was Sooo confus
00,10that's enough of that zoobinz
valve made a pinkie promise to never make a third game in any of their series
who els is listening to music wile waiting
though the episodic release model was the worst idea ever.
Doobinz: That's so terrible a pun, it's good.
Thank you
Dat loading.
...
Soul, I hear that Gabe promised to release a game with the number 3 in it by year's end.
My favorite half-life game is "Half-life:Oposing force" i realy hope someday they make another game starring private "Sheppard" :)
DJPON3: My brother played HL2 before HL, but he don't give much shit about plot anyway.
Half-Life 2 - Because graphics isn't everything.
well... I stil have 1 Copy of HL2 to Gift Oo and 2 time Ep1 and one for ep2
:O
(BROFIST) o and dont forget (BROHOOF)
11,01Time to see if I can fix my PC.
i wonder what difficulty Wrek is playing on
SirGanjalf aww ;o; I love the plot
Kammerjunk: Of course. There's also physics
Go on Dr Freeman. :I
00,10wrek doing it the hard way
Hard way is best way.
00,10I usealy grab a store sign and use it as a riot shield
SirGanjalf: o u
Sumica *Manly-Way
I usually solve all my problems with a crowbar and a shotgun.
Nittany_Discord: I wish you luck. May M$ not be all shitty with you. :D
Disregard teamates, aquire guns
Crowbar=Solution to 1-Bullet Archievment XD
Kammerjunk: Crowbar is best bar
Kammerjunk thats the best soultion
ADRIAN SHEPPARD IS BETTER THEN FREEMAN...There is said it,half-life: oposing force is better then half-life 1 :S
00,10for extra fun you set the crosbow damage to like 20k
Good luck, Nittany_Discord
I love how those rebels apparently overlooked all the zombies in the next room over...
My son: hey dad im a brony :me: cool whos your faverit pony :son: spike :ME: YOUR NOT MY SON!!!
11,01GilDash|Dinner: This has nothing to do with M$.
00,10you can spike a guy to the wall halfway down the blcok
son
MarDoWell: you're*
so
Nittany_Discord: Apple?
Sumica: That sounds so satisfying.
wow dem misses
use the rockets :|
11,01It's a hardware problem.
Does anypony know who master is...? ono
00,10set the damage to like 50k and you can punt cars with the bolts
Nittany_Discord: In that case, Intel? AMD? nVidia? Etc... :D
Sumica: kewl
You can hear them saying "Oh shit" despite the mask:)
DJPON3: what master? there is a lot of them
okay
I think I'm gonna go soo
Barney isn't the brightest, is he?
Master, in MLPFiM
lol they havent even spawned
soon, my session is ending in 4 minutes and it's nearly 5 pm anyway
*le hopes someone is awesome*
DJPON3: ha,then no sorry
Bye otakon. Hope you get your Internet back soon *hugs*
I'm off for now... I want to play something :/
library closes at 6 pm
Kammerjunk: Years of doing childrens TV does that to a man.
bye for now Lil_B
bye Lil_B
Seeya Lil_B.
so, take care and I'll see you all later
crabheads remind me of flood from halo
Meanwhile: Fair point.
Lil_B: See ya! :)
bye Lil_B
bye Lil_B!
I am ze last pony who knows who master is XD
or however you spell it :S
Have fun with that, Lil_B.
Well, I HOPE I'll see you all later...
Bye Lil_B
bye Lil_B
Hello everypony watcha doin?
i walked in on my dad looking at porn he said to me : if u dont tell your mom i wont tell your girlfreand : deal that was weird
watching HL2 stream
I hate those goddamn black headcrabs.
he wont tell my girlfreand about mlp
Seriously, they're annoying as hell.
thanks sergio_scriptor alexxm Meanwhile GilDash|Dinner otakon MahBoi777 Kammerjunk AttacktheAndalite and DJPON3 :)
MarDoWell: as spike would say: "Awkard..."
i was going to tell her soon
i really dont want to lose my gf
Lil_B: You're quite welcome. :)
your dad knows you watch mlp?
so hardcore
Lil_B: No problem^^
ya
Liek A BAWS
what do black head crabs do
GilDash|Dinner I hope so ;)
MarDoWell: I wouldn't tell my mum anyway. A married man's entitled to that.
wow, I just read the MLP season 3 teases/confirmations and they made me :)
Wrek, just Wreking everything. Because Wrekers gonna Wrek.
alexxm: they posion you and drop your health to 1
*poison
He disappeared!
MarDoWell: I heard some people have emergency porn card in case someone enters the rom while they watch MLP:D
lol
♪ Hush now, quiet now...♪
thanks sergio_scriptor
Barney just up and left.
you're quite the teleporting weirdo Barney.
Rain: meh
:AW:
lil... you can't run on me like that! :D
LAWL
13rain rain~<333
dat shiny cobblestone
cs-italy
rope rope
barney is best security
Disregard teamates, aquire headcrabs
/me hugs Shizuka like a plushie
13squee~
rawrrawrrawr
Man that crab shot across the floor.
no he cought me watching mlp earler that day and he cought me then i told him then i whent to go how hes doing then i saw him watching porn we agreed i wouldent tell mom about the porn if he dident tell my gf about mlp
Wait, shouldn't it have said something like "gemt" instead of whatever the Swedish equivelant of "redet" is?
i wish they kept the "Headcrab laucher" from half-life 2 beta :'(
sergio_scriptor that would have been awesome
Headcrab launcher. That could only have ended well.
if your dad walks in while you're watching mlp, switch to porn, it will be better to explain
>w> Im swedish... but I've been speaking english for so long I've forgoten some words... ;o;
MarDoWell: what is the problem of your girlfriend find out you watch mlp ? :)
she hates it :(
DJPON3: Apparently, it's something similar with me and Danish. I was wrong.
MarDoWell: If you lose her over a little thing like that she's not worth it anyway.
how can someone hate mlp?
SirGanjalf: awwww
Kammerjunk *pats back* I know that feel, bro
i know i was going to tell her tommarow
SirGanjalf: That is an adorable Snark.
Hi everypo- Ooh, Half-Life? :O
lol rebel ail
weren't there strikers?
Meanwile im probably going to break up with her
Also, guys, strawberry pie is the best thing ever.
derpy_pony: later
Seriously.
MarDoWell: lol,from all the persons in your life,a girlfriend should be the one that understands that the most
hey MegaMoonShine how are you doing
yay medkid
i know
Be quiet, Breen. Nobody cares.
Pretty good alexxm :)
ded
D. E. D.
dead
you failed
MarDoWell Tell her. If she hates you for MLP, then she does not deserve you. *pats back*
have a medkit
I want every game to say "YOU ARE DEAD" Resident Evil-style when you die.
mmm morphine
♪♫♪♫
she want a man who will be all like hey babe lets be all cool and crap im not like that im more its ok ill be there for u anytime and shes like no i want u to be tough i was like :(
I prefer God of War style
There were so many machinima's and parodies made about HL2 that I cannot take any character seriously anymore :D
You have died. Deal with it
bonjour
MarDoWell: That's not who you are and you shouldn't have to be. :S
i dont like vilence and tough i like gf that understands
Ciao!
bonjour made moselle
MarDoWell: that can onyl end well...
I prefer Sega Rally style
Konichiwa RAWRity :)
OohShiny: Monsieur, actually
Game Over YEEEAAAAHHH
brb going to get applejuice *sighs*
MarDoWell: Well, in the words of that guy from Bronies Respond To, maybe only brony girls should get with brony guys and they could have little brony babies and brony families.
RAWRity ouo Bonjour. Je'Mapple DJPON#
oh sorry then
*3
So, lotsa new from SDCC, eh?
SirGanjalf: I know where thats from.. but where did YOU get it from?
*le speaks english again ouo*
Allo RAWRity. Looks like a haul.
Alchemist: I think the best parody is Concerned
I got it from Heavy Is Crash Bandicoot :3
It'll be fun to watch Young Frankenstein later.
Kammerjunk raising someone to a mindset is brainwashing
awesome game bro
:'( onley if onley if kammerjunk
Trixie hinted at, possibility of Octavia getting a voice, and most importantly: "TUNE IN NEXT MONTH"
hey RAWRity how've you been
brony colonies on the moon...
neo cortex will always be in my heart for the poor guy he is
Dat nade.
derpy_pony best idiea ever
Doobinz: I'd say something there, but I'd just offend people.
Unnr: I havent heard about it, but I will look it up. I liked the Civil Protection series ("Friday", Shadow of doubt" etc)
/me is afk now
hello
your gay
So, possibility that S3 starts next month. Very nice.
Yay! We have a new pet troll!
Don't mention those things RAWRity :|
Kammerjunk: Say it anyway.
Sumica, can we keep him?
Kammerjunk: that is why that for me getting a grilfriend i got a couple of standards :"be inteligent","respectin and understands you" and most important "Being a pegasister"...has you can tell im still single,finding someone with these traits is ...dificult...very...dificult
Alchemist: it was a webcomic about the adventures of one Gordon Frohman
bronies
and is amazing
RAWRity i thought it started september
listen up
Who is your favorite Princess Everypony? Cadence, Celestia, Or Luna? Mine is Luna ouo
ACS13123: Internet, sadly. I'm more a Colin McRae generation
oh hai everyponi
RAWRity: It will only make the wait even more painful than it already is
my little pony is not real!
Hello everypony.
MINE IW WOONA!
08,01i feel terrible
alexxm: well, at the end of the song they previewed at SDCC, the announced said "Tune in next month!"
ok back : sips applejuce* mm thats good
zoobinz: say it aint so!
Hello Litwick
SirGanjalf: So you got it from the source... thats fun
blasphemy, zoobinz!
Im going to miss another movie night because im going to a friends birthday.
hey LightningDashFast and Litwick how have you been
/me 08,01whine bitch moan
zoobinz: yes it is,if you belive in the multiverse theory :)
Ohai Litwick!
great
00,10you are gonna have to walk em and feed em Kammerjunk
Hey Litwick :)
08,01actually, ill not talk about that in here
like jappleack
Sumica: Yes sir, I will.
Kammerjunk: sir?
Sumica: What happens if you don't feed it?
i wish episode 3 would come out
i feel fine *gets shot in knee* now how do u feel *aaaaaaahhhhhh*
Is @Sumica playing HL2
LightningDashFast: we all do...
DJPON3: nah, Wrek is.
LightniongDashFast but valve can't count to 3
hehehe, Sir, your headcrab just urinated on the carpet, again!
AH.
00,10they tend to get cranky if you dont feed them.
Thx Meanwhile
But if Trixie DOES come back for S3...I know what Meanwhile's favorite episode will be.
00,10no DJPON3 Wrek is
To the point where they steal your guns and try and kill you with the,?
nope.avi
them*
RAWRity: The one where she's set on fire.
Thx @Sumica
Haha
more expendable team members
Meanwhile: funfact: I'm naming my new car Trixie
KJPON3 saved ponyvill before sumica
Here have a medkit.
It would probably more safe for them to stay there
DJ*
RAWRity: I hate your car.
we need a dispenser right here
*be
someone should do a halflife mlp crossover
LightningDashFast: it's already done,im sure :)
zoobinz: Welcome to, pet!
there is a lot
of fics
Go, my cannon fodder! mwahaha!
Implying someone hasn't already
does anypony live in Arkansas,USA
Is there an official or a simple logo for equestria or mlp?
Half-life: Friendship Concequences!
hello
LightningDashFast someone probably has done it
im a brony
DID EVERYONE SEE THAT SEASON 3 PREVIEW
does anypony els have a mlp folder over 3gb of space on there pc?
the song?
Litwick: I did ^_^
Litwick: I did. most important thing for me: TUNE IN NEXT MONTH
season 3 preview?
preview?
MarDoWell: Hmm, one moment.
the song right?
Oh god. The freaking animation on her hair during that was PERFECGT.
>
RAWRity: half-life:dimensions are magic
Litwick: Not looking at possible spoilers
ah this part sucked
Don't talk about the season 3 previews, it will only make the wait even more painful!
they previewed a song from S3 at SDCC, seth posted a recording of it on EQD a little bit ago.
MarDoWell: With music, videos and pictures, I have 23.7 GB of it.
i freaking HATED this room when i played through it the first time
its not a preview its just a song
13derp
Twilight's mane in the wind :O flawless animatoin
damn kammerjunk
Dem minds.
it down Shizuka?
Yeah, but still
Let's all sing WINTER WRAP UP
13yeah
DJPON3 if you do dont come to arkansas i think theres 5 bronies in the whole state
MarDoWell: And that's not counting the episodes! :D
Im so excited I can't spell right :P
SirGanjalf thats pretty badass
*look
link to season 3 preview plzzzz
it is
♪♫Winter Wrap up Winter wWrap uuup ♪♫
LightningDashFast: just go to EQD
Muffin0: Oh... Well, ill come to give you company :D
Oh yeah
it's on the front page
no links no spoilers
sergio
Now I have sound, I can listen to it
:D i onley got music and pics dang i need more stuff kammerjunk
please
00,10keep spoilers out of chat guys
bad bad singing
LightningDashFast: just go the equestria daily website
Wrap up dude
00,10some might not want to see them
Sumica: for clarification purposes, do rumors count as spoilers?
OohShiny: :'( my greatest enemy fast typing
okie dokie loki
lets hope those people dont keep equestria daily as a homepage then
and the let's clean?
/me is drawing
omg THE FUN HAS BEEN DOUBLED
OohShiny: yes :|
kill all humans
what difficulty are you playing this game on btw?
00,10leave the rumors to eqd
Gordon Freeman, the only guy in the universe who can do 2 things at once: not give any fucks, and swing a crowbar 1000 million times a second
I posted them up on Texas Brony forum - if you want the link, pm me
00,10they like them
fair enough
the fun is 20% cooler
Bringing home the southern birds, A Pegasus job begins And clearing all the gloomy skys, to let the sunshine in.
Starting a rumor is fun
We move the clouds and we melt the white snow
derpy_pony: actualy they are not humans,they are part combine part human
:D
Celestia Will die in Season 3!
lol
When the sun comes up it's warmth and beauty will glow
THE FUN HAS BEN DOUBLED AND IS NOW 20% COOLER LET THE PARTYS BEGIN
let's spread the rumor
/me starts a rumor that Meanwhile voiced Trixie's love interest for S3.
There will be ponies in season 3!
omg no wai
/me forever tears
that's what they told you in the mission briefing ^^
Twilight Dies
*GASP*
RAWRity: Oh god....
/me starts a rumour that chat has received a recent influx of dumbass.
Ooh Shiny: That's nothing. I know from certain source that SPIKE. WILL. SING.
Ever since I joined this site, I've rarely been on EQD
RAWRity: I apparently still have that picture of him admitting his love.
Spoiler! The ponies talk :O
i want a derpy hooves episode for season 3.A FULL derpy hooves centered episode
It's funny because it's not even a rumour. ¬_¬
Kammerjunk: as do I.
Meanwhile: No. It's a fact.
ponies? again?
meanwile :/ wut?
Meanwhile: Hey, is it true you voiced Trixie's love interest in a season 3 ep?
I'm thinking of blowing it up and setting as my desktop background
GilDash|Dinner: Nein.
Meanwhile: Yes?! I'll tell everypony I know! :O
there will be shipping in S3
ded
GilDash|Dinner: of course he'll deny it. non-disclosure agreement and all that.
Oops.
Pfft.
not lesbian though
OohShiny: fluttermac shiping ? :O
^aww
nah
RAWRity: That's okay. We'll confine it to BS for now. :)
If not lesbian, then ...AGH
Spoiler! I like saying the word Spoiler
Twishy is second best ship.
sergio_scriptor: That'll never happen. Ever.
cherrimac shipping
protip: don't die!
who's playing?
Twixie is best ship, though.
WOW!!!! the animations was GOOD!!!
Meanwhile: oh we will see :$
FluttershyxChangeling in the form of Big Mac?
Hasbro said Doctor whooves name is doctor hooves.... Legit. also, they basicly (lolbadspelling) said, without meaning to, 'LOL.Derpyhoovesandwut?doctorhooves!samelastnamelolol'
sergio_scriptor: No, we won't.
well this fights going well
there can't be lesbian shippin in a little girl aimed for show
im looking forward to season 3
how much longer to season 3 - 2 months?
again, what difficulty is this game on?
When there can society will have progressed.
i got rainbowdash, pinky pie, rarity, applejack, twilight sparkle, fluttershy as my desktop every 30 sec they switch between each other evertime i look at my desktop there diffrent ponys
OohShiny: more like the network would never take that risk.
Cypresswolf: I think it'll be aired in August
ITS A TRAP!
hooves is a common last pony name
Windswept mane twilight?
Y'know, I think I will go watch the season 3 thing now
Sec guys
Hell, "Glee", a show supposedly aimed at adults, had a huge controversy when 2 men kissed for half a second on their show.
Meanwhile: Hah. Acceptance of difference. Surely you jest.
Holy crap, just realised I've been around on BS for a year now
Kammerjunk: Ikr.
it's gay shipping
they probably got a budget increase thats for sure
lol
Turn sound all the way up on desktop Ponys and add mane six. lols are to be expected
August - sooner than I expected - need to hurry up with more of those bingo choices - can't think up anymore
LightningDashFast: doubtful.
in torchwood they kissed a minute or so
11,01Wrek ded.
This place looks frustrating.
00,10Wrek, crouch down and throw a nade
http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-snc7/s480x480/396155_402160863164519_838109558_n.jpg
this part is shit
Oohshiny i all ways wunderd what is shipping?
11,01Dance in the bullets!
derpy_pony: but that is torchwood :P
derpy_pony: Yeah, but Jack Harkness being gay is canon.
Wrek needs to get on top of the turrets
i figured season 3 would air septemberish
Rain...wut
but the animation was more fluid than last season
Antlions would be useful
Lol
you practically have to roll your grenades with perfect accurracy
Hasbro's gonna be keeping the show as cheap as possible so that they can maximize profits.
fai
Hwy guys, I won't be able to be at movie night, sorry
Hey
so much fail
captain jack is best pansexual :P
Hey*
Hey Biglaw|iPhone
CHEIVO
thanks for the wepon Shamroc :3
there is a place were the grass is always for dinner!!! o-0
/me glomps Biglaw|iPhone
derpy_pony: Also, they managed to fall back on humour to let the whole Jack Harkness liking men thing pass. It's a good way to do it.
Biglaw|iPhone: it's ok,you can always be here tomorow :)
dat crossbow
MarDoWell EQUESTRIA!
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: now stop askin me for stuff! i give of my own accord
HOLY TITNUGGETS!
half life is such a good game
Ikr
Hi everypony. :)
theres alaways tormorow Biglaw|iPhone
hi Pudge
MY BODY WAS SO NOT READY FOR THIS!
ded
the streamer is dying a lot
THIS SONG IS BUCKING EPIC! :O
Wrek: don't forget your alt-fire
yup Oohshiny gets the prize
anything made by valve is good come to think of it
I made a resprite for my game
what do I get?!
u get to see s3 first
The new sprite looks amazing compared to my old sprites
Wrek is overzealous
i have not been disapointed by anything made by valve
whos playing half life?
Actually I can't be here tomorrow either :(
MegaMoonShine: What is this song you speak of?
A Rainbow Cupcake?
hmm that wasnt a good idea lol
Wrek: stop commiting suicide via combine
I gtg
hey Pudge how've you been
/me gives Wrek a broken IWIN button
Spoilers - Why I don't browse ponies.memebase.
Bronysith: xD
and random gun switch
combine's are best army clowns :P
Ooshiny u get a s3 premeir
alexxm: I've been good. Excited for my first bronystate movie night. :D
ooh
S3 premiere
MEDIC
ded
nice
u get it when s3 comes out
lol ded
dead
wah wah
xD
:D
dead X_X
oh, wait wrong game
Pudge i heard tonights movies are good]
:D
Nice throw.
Pudge: This is your first?! Glad to welcome you. :)
Oohshiny u get when s3 comes out!!
War Games. gun be gud
GilDash|Dinner: thanks :)
00,10some realy good movies tonight
DAT spike singing part :O
War games is awesome :)
shut up barney
alexxm: Seriously? We're watching Wargames and Young Frankenstein! 'Course it's gonna be goo!
I can't go to bronycons!
good*
sad that im probably going to be asleep during the movies
it's in another country
Pudge: first Bronstate movie night?
alexxm Sumica: Yeah I love Wargames
Bronysith: Yup.
Kammerjunk to be fair i haven't seen either of them
OohShiny: Yeah, neither can I. Atlantic Ocean and everything.
alexxm: They're great.
Barney, shut the hell up!
My father doesn't like Gene Wilder, but my father's kinda weird.
/me brohoof Kammerjunk
Pudge: ahh. i remember my first BMN it was (megusta face) coraline and clue
everpony i got somthing to say
Barny is real annoying
good to hear Kammerjunk
Pudge: anywho. welcome to bronystate
Pudge: Oh it's your first movie night here? You're gonna have a lot of fun
Barney is best non purple Dinosaur
/me brohoof OohShiny
Pudge: you have been welcomed already but anyway : "WELCOME to wonderfull sunny bronystate,feel free to buy our anti-buffer spray" :)
EVERPONY I GT SOMthING TO SAY
so Octavia Inkabella Pie will have a voice eh! SWEET!
Hey guys, i want your opinion...
MarDoWell: What is it?
Bronysith: Oh, *everypony* on that night was wild. ;)
hi:D
MarDoWell: What is ti?
:O
WOAH!!
I've watched War Games when I was a kid. Not remember much, but i've enjoyed it
MarDoWell: :|
on what DJPON3
:D thanks everypony
GilDash|Dinner: was taht your first night as well?
MarDoWell: what is it ?
Stupid doors.
HI :D
wow dem strider physics
MarDoWell: oh you... :)
My first movie night was when District 9 was chosen as A movie
First movie night. Holy Grail and Evil Dead 2.
Bronysith: Yep. If it weren't for all of you, I probably wouldn't have the reputation I do. :D
i hope Octavia will have a classical poni accent
00,10MarDoWell, relax on the canterlock would you
this is my first movie night
too
Suddenly, music.
awesome music :3
o i see what u did there sumica
my first movie night was titan ae and revenge of the nerds
So I wonder what's on sale today on steam
smart
As for Young Frankenstein: It was directed by Mel Brooks and Gene Wilder is in it - ofc it'll be good
alexxm Im thinking about Re-writing This day aria for a pinkamena/pinkiepie self conflict about making cupcakes... does this sound like a good idea?
Pudge: Been there. Nothing of interest to me.
GilDash|Dinner: um. you me and cachi01 all had the same first BMN...wow
OohShiny: Welcome to your first movie night! Grab a seat in advance and prepare yourself
alexxm: I'm still mad I missed Titan AE.
my first movie night was when "Caroline" was showed :)
i dont remember my first movie night
Bronysith: When was that movie night?
DJPON3 could be i guess
do I have rightsfor pop corn?
Bronysith: and sergio_scriptor apparently. :D
I still dont get it when people say this is a bad game
Pudge: fallout new vegas ultimate is only 24 bucks
Ghost recon..no thanks
ouo
Dem missiles.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Me neither.
this game is awesome
Bronysith: I'm looking for games under 10
Pudge: ahh
I will buy popcorn and chocolate at the reception
killerpony7733: April 6th-ish I think.
be back in a minute
Pudge: well l4d2 is 10 bucks
08,01is this 3 mel brooks films weve had in a row?
I played this game with a friend back in 2004
blew my mind on many levels
08,01what was the one 2 weeks ago?
i know ill always remember my first movie night becuse it was with YOU GUYS *GIVES EVERPONY A HUG*
GilDash|Dinner: I have been here longer then you sith and who was it now if it's after 2011 :D
/me hugs back MarDoWell
Combine Troop Transport go woo woo
/me hugs MarDoWell
ffffffffUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU half life complete is now 10. i paid 20 for it. lolololo
lol
I can't rememeber what we watched this weekend lastr year
Was so long ago
killerpony7733: I've been here since May last year. :P
get cho ass wooped
killerpony7733: Probably. I was late to Bronystate, and even later to Movie Nights.
Bronysith: i paid 30 for the orange box,and 10 for half-life 1 anthology
Meanwhile::P Thats most likely longer then me, But still
Hey whats up everypony sorry i haven't chatin i've been on my xbox so yeah
killerpony7733: Been here since last November :D
Hey xxMoopyxx :)
I still have original box for this game on my shelf right in front of me
xxMoopyxx: it's ok :) wlecome back
thanks
This weekend is my 1 year at Bronystate :)
*welcome
GilDash|Dinner: I know that i visited bronystate a few times before the year change
i hope ASsassins creed revelations wins the flash sale
Orange Box is best box
13wrek still has those two alive?
i cant wait around october so i know when mlp s3 is coming out :D
13i usually kill them off myself...
So this weekend will be extra speshyl
Shizuka: meanie >: (
Shizuka: no no...they died along time ago..these are new ones..
has anyone in here played "half-life: oposing force " ? :)
Shizu is worst resistance icon.
killerpony7733: I think I started as a way to watch the episodes via livestream. That was the first or second ep of season 2, IIRC.
13pff i'm a theoretical physicist not a leader
Riven is gonna take an hour and a half to download
Hey is a rainbowthevortex here or no
sergio_scriptor: adrian shepard....NEEDS to be in hl3
sergio_scriptor: I had
Shamroc: ^^
Shamroc: indeeed :)
Shamroc: I concur
didnt Adrian die tho?
xxMoopyxx nope
hmm thanks
08,01wreky!
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: being held in stasis
hmm
bah GMAN
windows 2000/XP/ME/98, 1.2Ghz processor, 256 MB RAM, DirectX 7 graphics card, 4.5 GB hard drive, internet connection and DVD-ROM drive. Taken directly from the back of the box of this game. some specs
VERY PONY
the top seller right now is max payne 3. okay then
whats everponys faverit episod of mlp fim :D
when there is new episodes you guys airs it as soon as possible?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: no,adrain has put in stasis by the g-man
05satty?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: Nope, probablt recruted by G-Man too
HELLO EVERTPONE
i know
MarDoWell: the ticket master
HELLO therainbowvortex :)
i probably didnt look at the ending right xDD
xxMoopyxx there here now
welcome back thereainbowvortex
mine owls well that ends well
SirGanjalf: at the end of game says awaiting further evulation...which says...bassicly...hes being kept somewhere
adrian shepard is more badass then freeman...at least in my opinion
oooh, a tripod
^
hey therainbowvortex how've you been
Ded.
who's streaming again?
ded
Is the stream lagging a little for anyone else?
OohShiny: wrek
not bad
Wrek is OohShiny
You've met with terrible fate haven't you.
sergio_scriptor: well he does kill more diffrent aliens...like the entirity of RACE X
and the Chemtoads
if i said it right
so what iis the movie night gona be
Shamroc: not to mention the gene-worm,and that huge shrimp like creature in the middle of the game who's name i forgot
Shamroc: Adrian may be G-Man's ace in the hole
Ded.
ded
sergio_scriptor: ah that boss
wrek dies a lot
OohShiny: he's playing on hard
wrek plays too reckless
^
^^
Double ded.
I think wrek is only fooling around
OohShiny: give him some slack. i think hes playing on hardest difficutly. Wrek are you playing on hardest diffictulty?
SirGanjalf: yeah he is....why else would he be kept in stasis for such a long time....my bet is that when the vorts finnaly pose a damned good threat to g-man....hes gonna yoink adrain out...who still thinks all aliens=evil bastards...and go on a rampage..
if he was playing seriously, hed know he cannot fight those striders without the rocket launcher
I died many times in that part too
Vortiguants are kewl
you can hurt them with energy balls as well
Ok whos using my nickname get off my user name bro
boom goes the robot
I WANT A HALF-LIFE:OPOSING FORCE 2...there is no excuse valve,you can count till 2,THEN MAKE OPOSSING FORCE 2 ! :[
theres a mod about that sergio_scriptor
sergio_scriptor: there was a mod for opossing force 2
Ded.
Wombo Combo ded.
pony_1197: He wont have enough ammo of those balls though
13http://fav.me/d4d05ja
ded]
Hey hey hey
Shizuka: Too far Twilight, too far.
stey outta my shed
Shamroc and Darkts3|Drawing|MLG i know but it's not official :'( so im sort of mxed feelings about it
Shizuka: 0_.
well he could have killed one with energy balls and rockets a few minutes ago but missed with the balls
^^
*mixes
What difficulty is he playing on?
Cause it said on my screen nickname is already in use so what the fuck man
Shizuka: nice
sergio_scriptor: better than nothing right now?
bonjour
long time no abc :D and stuff
Shamroc: i guess :'(
Shamroc: ^
BROHOOF anyone /)
god when is Black Mesa Source coming out
How many hits does that thing take?!
MarDoWell: (\
sergio_scriptor: Problem is that OpFor was made by Gearbox, not Valve
MarDoWell: (\
Meanwhile: alot
BOOOOOM
ded
Shizuka: kewl
4, 5?
finally
killed one
ded
Shamroc: Ikr.
*squees*
then died
Who the hell is useing my user nickname get the fuck off bro
i have a feeling Wrek just might cheat
11,01It's Shizuka!
how much can those tripods take
13where
http://chzmemebase.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/internet-memes-piggie.png
i wish theyd remake star wars jedi academy on source
11,01There *points*
SirGanjalf: well still that is no excuse,valve could buy the rights to do the game at any time,the tale of sheppard just can't end this way,it just can't
Nittany_Discord: i dont see her
11,01I see her.
finally
Theres no Shizuka! theres only Shizuka
tripods aren't only a war of the worlds therm, is it?
oh COME ON!
:S
Im getting pissed off here guys tell me whos using my user nickname tell them to get off now
and fucked
shmoopy: What's your username?
hes a dead man walking
hmm wheres that laser beam?
Sucks to be Bad Luck Brian
xxMoopyxx
shmoopy: how bout you checck? hmm?
so far i didnt see any shots
shmoopy: Apparently no one is using it.
MFW resistance took obvious inspiration from this game
00,10starting to wonder if wrek has played before.
Sumica: IKR
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qG0ZMiJRo10 6_9
well it said that on my screen
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: ikrikr
schmoopy: did you register it?
Sumica: I agree
use crowbar!
/me sacks MarDoWell
shmoopy: You must be having that problem where is does that
MarDoWell: please no video links during a stream
ded
she be ded
00,10No video links during stream MarDoWell
shmoopy: Have you tried exiting and reentering the page?
well can you guys fix that
/me smacks Meanwhile over the head with a crowbar that has a cinderblock on the end of it
I'm hungry for toast, but no bread in
:( *DERP* srry
/)_* trying to kill a tri-pod with grenades...
xxmoopyxx are you on
ded
on other hooves ho like muffins
yes
who
who like muffins oops
Wrek needs to throw a grenade, pick it up with gravity gun, and throw it at the striders
ill shut up now lol
Wrek: how bout you idk...go to actual cover instead of standing in the open like a puts?
MarDoWell: I love muffins. Especially banana nut :D
eww
would be more awesome to time the grenade right and let it explode in midaur
Shamroc: That's too easy! It's only fun if you're bleeding at the end!
oatmeal is my faverit
Shamroc: ^
Okay
pony_1187: that is what the gravity gun is for
wow he missed
I meant using hands
:D
Ded.
Which half life is this?
she ded. so he ded.
2
ded
Pudge|Shopping: 2
Half life 2 Pudge|Shopping
I never got this far
aren't there more rockets in a building behind him?
when i go back then if type in my nickname as xxMoopyxx its going to say User name already in use please select a different name
0_.
I played it on the orange box
pony_1187: ya
valve could make an half-life 2: episode 2 part 2 right ?
lol
NO
Hi, Good afternoon everyone
Allo TheGreatAndPowerfulT.
JUST MAKE A HALF LIFE 3
sergio_scriptor: Precisely.
ohai TheGreatAndPowerfulT
destroy that fucking tripod
they said they would make HL3
Ohay everypony
hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT how've you been
shmoopy: Have you tried closing the browser, then going back on the site?
Allo robokun.
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Good
Hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
ur doin it wrong
Allo RobotPinkie.
wow that worked..
hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT
ded
Hay Meanwhile
wrek needs to make a run for it to another area with more rocket launcher ammo
almost
sticky grenades
Hey TheGreatAndPowerfulT
00,10keep runing wrek
Hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT :)
00,10go to the next building
alexxm bored in the most part and yours ?
I think a building on the other side has some
Oh there's stream?
Wrek: you wanna head to the overhang area from whence you came
i'm good TheGreatAndPowerfulT
someone ping me in like 15 minutes
there is a container of rocket on the other side /)_*
im glad they made the rules for this site how they did i dont want a marathon of new born cuties ლ(ಠ益ಠლ why did they create newborn cuties in the first place
Wrek is making this part seem like Impossible
Ded.
Because reasons
lolgun
11,01MarDoWell: Money.
MarDoWell: to be our curse ?
lol
smooooooooooooooooooooooth
Dat point blank rocket.
ded
lol
boom
She's rocketproof:O
makes sense nittany_discord
Nice shot, brah
Mr freeman? I'm coming with SPLODE.
doble de
Smooth move, smartguy!
money FROM HELL
what are cuties?
what is love
SHE'S INVINCIBLE
Wait isn't she the Medic?
pony_7007 abomintions
pony_7007: we dont talk about that...
what is a muffin?
jk i know
yay rocket box
lol Wrek skipped the Rockets XD
What game is this?
ok there we go i got it now
here we go
Y U NO HEAL DR FREEMAN?
Critrawketz!
now he can start doing some dmg
ECP48: half-life 2
ECP48: Half-life 2
oh, well, nevermind i guess...
Freeman is best meme
Throw the box at them!
TASTE MY BOX
ded
Throw an ORANGE box at them :)
The box is too OP!
Fear the wrath of my crate.
boom
ded
ahh love the strider death sound..
11,01Throw a toilet at them.
OH GOD
hmm only 3 rockets?
did you see that flip!
I never realised I had a Steam account since 2004
Why do they sound like whales?!
THROW THE CHEEEEEEEEEEEEESE!!!
Man i hate when it does that
that no one FLUSHES
the die like a whale
why no quicksave? :/
Crowbar the f**cker!
Hellos
i think the 2nd last level Wrek is going to love xD
tri-pods are part machine part animal :) im such a nerd :)
hey DJPON3
heya DJPON3
hi DJPON3
kills 4 striders
/me 11,01dusts DJPON3
hi again DJPON3
gets killed by 1 combine guard
crowbar to the face
YEAH
hey DJPON3 what have you been up to
Oh hey whats up DJPON3
to da face
I believe he is on fire.
dafuq?
00,10cant grenade jump
well that was *puts on glasses* well done
I love that gun
lol
Sumica: :D
pony_1187: me too
/me sits ontop of Nittany_Discord
Newfoals can't nadeforce.
/me 11,01is spikey
ooh the magnum! awesome choice
/me is made of rubber
the revolver is nice if your aim is good enough to drop an enemy down with headshots from long range
But Wrek can Magnum force:)
Wrek Finally used cover
what gun/tool would u take from a game if u had a choice
robokun: "magnificent choice indeed"-hl2ep2 reference
00,10I see what you did SirGanjalf
i would take the portal gun
portal gun?
duh
:)
I remember when I did a part in the waterscooter area and the revolver was my last gun with ammo
portal gun is awesome
6 shots, 6 enemies left
all had to be headshots
00,10werk is not prepaired for this
MarDoWell: you can use the portal gun in half-life 2 campaign there is a cheat of some sort
sergio_scriptor: still playing through ep 2, don't think i've got that far yet
took me a few tries but I made it!
Sumica: are you related to illidan?
11,01Bronysith: I know a rubber pony OC.
Bronysith: he meant by insurance
00,10only in spirt
i think you import the campaign maps into GMod to use the portal gun
13so different from shizu hl2...
Oh hey, I just found some d'aww lying around - http://i.imgur.com/aMhkX.png
13i just rush them all and win
Shizuka: IKR
when i see someone down the street im like ლ(ಠ益ಠლ why u no watch my little pony and there like wut da fuak
then they run away
13sprint up, double shotgun to the face
00,10Shizuka I dont think wrek has plaued hl2 before
robokun: it's near the end when you meet doctor magnum and he gives you the magnum bomb :)
00,10he's geting acheavments
I'd probably run away too...
when I was a little filly and the sun was going dooooown!
Shizu thats how you solve everything..
^
^^
^^^
^^^^
Sumica: i think he bought the collection
Fail Strider
what does that mean anyway
I wonder If Wrek is playing
ded
sergio_scriptor: what's really fun is using Impulse101 and giving Chell all of Gordon's Weapons in portal 1
11,01Pouring down rain outside.
dem cameras
best possible timing for spycams
MarDoWell: it points to the above post...marking it and saying...pay attentin to this post
13i want rain :<
Or if is on Tf2
/me hugs Shizuka
robokun: indeeed :)
Nittany_Discord: Yeah it's been pouring like heck here in demark too
Ikr Nittany_Discord.
I want Shizu
thanks shamroc
Nittany_Discord: Denmark*
Shizuka: i havnt had Rain in a god afwl time
13rain rain~<3
I want a cheeseburger.
<3
o the luvs hear
/me gives Meanwhile a veggie burger
/me 11,01gives Shizuka rain and hugs Rain
/me kills Bronysith.
srry i cant hear u im on my cheeseburger phone
<3
meanwhile i think Wr3k may hate me
00,10Also you cant realy faceshotgun a strider
Haven't played HL2 in way too long, I only barely remember this part.
/me body becomes a cheeseburger to Meanwhile
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: If he does, why is it my problem?
/me slapped Meanwhile
sergio_scriptor: Damn straight.
Hello everyone what are we wacthing?
Marx: That is a very nice ponytail.
/me 11,01rains hugs on Shizuka
.
hey um sumica like waht can i and cant i typ in chat
luigifan365: hello,and we are watching half-life 2 :)
Kammerjunk, there's more in the description.
Marx: Furthermore, I see your Twilight and raise you by http://i.imgur.com/r1Ptk.png
Dat crowbar.
yo gangsta
00,10Might I recomend takeing a look at http://www.bronystate.net/rules/ if you are worried MarDoWell
loading screens are doctor freeman's only invicible enemy
Did he just say "We have to get that horse." ?
not really worrid more as conserned if that makes it better sumica
Meanwhile: yep
We have to get that pony. :I
Meanwhile: they mean the horse statue in the middle of the city
"dr freeman im coming with you" *dies 1 second later*
00,10well keep it civil and you should do fine MarDoWell
please don't mention ponies in this game
some one may of just time warped out of this univers and its inperitive that i know
Hai guys
"Dr Freeman, I'm coming with you." = "I'm fed up with this world!"
Hai Biglaw|iPhone :)
Allo Biglaw|iPhone.
hi again Biglaw|iPhone
Dat ded.
red
ded
Red ded Redemption.
I had to eat dinner
damnit Meanwhile
afternoon everyone
00,10yeah saying that phrase SirGanjalf is like saying it could be worse.
ded red demptiored
Allo Conyst.
Meanwhile: was JUST about so say that
really hope they add a playermodel to gordon when HL2:ep2/Hl3 comes out
hi Conyst
Shamroc: Too slow chicken marango.
afternoon Conyst :)
what a text wall sumica
Sup everpony?
Hey acs26!
sup acs26
Achievment get! You got this achievemeny
Sup acs26? :)
I seez he be playing css?
Allo ACS13123
robokun: that would only be usefull if ep3 had multiplayer co-op
acs26*
hello acs26
ded
Achievement Get: Gone Mobile
xd
MarDoWell: text wall= any amount of text that can flood a good portion of the screen by one pony...aka yeah
hi acs26
BRB grabbing noms
Meanwhile: Yes?
ded
/me noms on Meanwhile s skull
ACS13123: Mistab, sorry.
/me is finally back
/me hugs Beonysith
welcome back Soul
Meanwhile: THats ok :P
ded
/me Sup soul.
/me glo
hi Soul
I wish I was better at button mashing
I'm off to play League of Legends
P:/
Achievemnt get! You died alot!
bye for now OohShiny
be back at movie night
bye
/me 11,01mashes
Later OohShiny :)
have fun OohShiny
You better be >:D
/me has rashes
/me wishes the go button was not next to the space button
ooo then it is true shamroc it will be coming and it will flood the univers and may no pony of survive its wraith of the fire depths of hell wile the snow melts it will be coming it will be coming
I had to get my sister to help me with the final boss of Sonic Unleashed
I just could not mash the x button 60 times on my own
srry looking up somthing
/me Don't you mean enter?
this part is just... run. Dont bother with the striders, they'll kill you
^
/me 11,01enters acs26
/me What game is this?
And besides, who the fuck thinks for the final blow, having players mash the X button 60 times is a good idea?
acs26: Half life 2
/me o.o
/me 11,01hugs Nurse_Major
now I need to play this again
lol ded
00,10at least they finly fixed it so you can hold your breath and use a flashlight the same time.
time paradox is happing chamroc nothing u need to worry about
wait what is this again?
wrek cant handle the hl music
/me hugs Maid_Discord back "Oh and dont ask" :D
freeman after entering city 17-"Finaly at last,fresh air,no more stupid closed facilitys,no more stupid stuff like that"-*opens door to the main downtown*-"HA fu**
sumica: haha yeah I remember that shit
anyone noticed that car physics?
No time for striders, there's evil afoot!
same with having to run in a dark place
11,01It's OK Nurse_Major. You look good. :p
Meanwhile: EEEEEVIIIIIIL
running dries yuor flashligth batteries
/me hugs Nittany
/me Ima dolphin.Fuck physics
drains*
Nittany_Discord: thank you :D
How old was the voice actor of Merman?
One.
take that Combine scum!
Well. This is interesting. Apparently, a bunch of eggheads have managed to make bionic cells which can do basic arithmetic.
omg its onley another hour and 21 minutes left i cant wait *squee*
00,10od thing for me was I never realy used the crowbar once I got the grav gun
Sumica: ikr
That bodes well for the future of science.
Kammerjunk: indeed :)
11,01Did Wrek go to Ravenholm yet?
yes Nurse_Discord
We don't go to Ravenholm.
Nurse_Discord: Already far past it
00,10yeah
nurse_discord this is the end of the game
^
or close to
00,10he's almost to citidel
Does Gordon even have a Phd?
yup he's near the City's Dell
00,10yeah SpadeMagnes[R]
SpadeMagnes[R]: yeah. he had a Phd in asswhoopin
11,01Yep.
11,01He's a theoretical physicist.
internet derped got disconnected
when the entire city has gone into civil war and the citizens try getting Gordon to the Citadel and give him a chance to throw down dr breen from his dictatorship
SpadeMagnes[R]: yep,he got a Phd in theoretical pisichs
How the hell did a physicist get roped into this?
11,01Big thunder out there.
He's got a Phd in woopass.
Like all good scientists, Wrek does all his research with a crowbar and a shotgun.
So when does pre-show start?
SpadeMagnes[R]: Black Mesa happened
SpadeMagnes[R]: beacuse of the G-man
He was the right man in the wrong place.
00,10he was the right man at the wrong time
^
Which made all the difference in the world.
Im playing goodgame mafia while watching...
Good Goddesses, why do I know all the G-Man speeches?
wasnt it The Right man in the Wrong place?
Ohh! Half life. I came just in time.
I bet 500 bits in how Ross Scot will never finish freeman's mind
And besides why was a theoretical physicist handeling volatile energy crystals?
00,10suckers bet
SpadeMagnes[R]: magic ?
SpadeMagnes[R]: thats why he wore a suit
Wait, no. I jdon't know the speech he does at the end of HL1. But asides from that, why do I know all G-Man speeches?
SpadeMagnes[R]: First day at work?
SpadeMagnes[R]: Because he had a beard.
Kammerjunk: beacuse the g-man is awesome ?
11,01SpadeMagnes[R]: Science.
ded
SpadeMagnes[R]: Because FREEEEMAAAAAAN
sergio_scriptor: Fair enough.
hmm you'd think Wrek played Hl2 before
Who'd playing?
*Who's
Wrek is Bobeh
SpadeMagnes[R]: Yeah yeah, but the beard, man.
SpadeMagnes[R]:Magick
Nurse_Discord:... :D
/me afk again :P
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: but i thought Bobeh is Bobeh
But then again its Gordon, he does what ever the fuck he wants
I guess I come back during off hours. Have fun, everypony.
SuperBrony64! :D
Oh hi, SB.
11,02Hai ^-^
hi SuperBrony64
Hio SuperBrony64
hoi SuperBrony64
Allo SuperBrony64. :3
See you then, RobotPinkie.
hey SuperBrony64 hoe've you been
hello SuperBrony64
see ya robotpinkie
This game needs more banana bombs
Later <3
Them Civil Protection are bunch-a unpleasant people, i tell you hwhat
hi superbrony64
it's basically a story of a man who rips through the destiny of a Universe fated for battle...
00,10ah noting like fireing super heated stakes of rebar in to people eh wrek?
oh cool half life
Ohai SuperBrony64 :)
11,02All the hais ^-^
god this part of the level was always confusing
I have been watching a lot of Doctor Who lately. :3
/me 11,01dusts SuperBrony64
Dat revolver.
I wonder what the thing that makes the head crabs even looks like
are u guys watching a live stream
TimelordBobeh: u do
there are only 3 type of job in city 17: civil protection,unemployment, and garbage colector :) has you can see city 17 is a very dirty city,that is why no one wants to be garbage collector
Super Meatboy is a wonderfully frustrating game.
Need more tea.
yes MarDoWell
dat column
Yay its Dawg
That thing is in half-life 1
NOT THE HORSE
Kammerjunk: Yup
WHY
brb
DOG
oh hai DOG
yo dawg
YAY DOGGY
/me is clean now ^-^
Dog is best pony.
DONT MESS WITH THE DAWG!
Yay Wrek made it into the Citadel
So is there a Headcrab Mother somewhere?
Dog is best robot
i had to refresh the page
SpadeMagnes[R]: Freeman killed it
DOG is best dog
11,02acs26: What happened to it O.O
SpadeMagnes[R]: there is but only in half-life 1
sergio_scriptor i was going to say that
o rly, Barney?
00,10Dog: the hell I cant
Dog says fuck you
DOG SMASH
alexxm: :P
YA DONT SAY
Dog saves the day! Huzzah!
Dat smart censor
silly Barny, Freeman doesnt talk.
SuperNurse64: I messed up..deleted it by accident...pretty much.
twi_sprinkle_GS17: This
Our benefactors my hoof
how would gordan tell him
steam chat XD
sorry bros, connection keeps droping D:
11,02acs26: Did you install it using Steam?
Fun fact: If you search through the game files, you can hear that Barney actually said "fuck" very quietly.
00,10*crunch*
Tell him I said *crash*
SuperNurse64: Yeah,but im to lazy to wait again.
11,01Jump down the hole, Wrek. Fun things happen.
What was the incident that activated the portal called anyway?
...And if you see Dr. Breen, tell him I said "Rock you!"
SpadeMagnes[R]: The Resonance Cascade?
hello
fun things i love fun things:D
11,02acs26: It's only like a 200 MB install XD
Kammerjunk: Yeah but it was mean't to be censored by the loud crash of the thing dog was holding
Maid_Discord: Can't resist making thats what she said joke..
Maid_Discord according to some people there is a pony farm at the end of that pit
SpadeMagnes[R]: a ressonance cascade
killerpony7733: Eeyup.
00,10time to re enact the hl1 comute
ouo anyway, im le back... sorry, connection keeps dropping...
0,5Oi
can i ask something?
hi BaconMane
Oh hey, BaconMane.
05jsut a quick note, last time i played this was about 6 or 7 years ago atleast
11,01Hi LC.
what firma
05with a friend on his comp
/me mmm, bacon
I forget but what was the purpouse of the experiment that caused the renssonance cascade?
Wrek: Wow.
wow
Wrek: damn
Hi BaconMane
05bought my own copy yesterday
Howdy y'all!
Oh.
lol wrek
11,01SpadeMagnes[R]: Science.
05i havent played chr 2
how could you not have played this since
i have heared a rumor about this saturday, there will be a sneek peek of the first ep of season 3
Wrek: no spoilers, copy that
Fun game, isn't it?
00,10to open the gates of equestira
hey Everlasting_Joy how've you been
hello Everlasting_Joy
00,10they missed
Wrek: Yeah, that sounds about right. HL2 was released in 2004.
no i dont think so firma
SpadeMagnes[R]: aparently the cristals wore,let's say specials,has they wore puted there on purpose beacuse of the g-man
05also i play it my way :P
Wrek: we seen it O_O
05ie 9 mill pistol to tripod balls
did the stream stop?
because u are theawesome poni wrek
sucks then,
I used to use the console commands in here to explore.
I hope when episode 3 ACCTUALLY COMES OUT it explaines who the G man is
never mind
Lol
alexxm: Awful, and I'm waiting for it to get worse.
lol
dead
First time I played this, I was stuck here for hours.
lol
good thing the rest of the game pretty much handholds you in a pretty linear path
ded
wait
oh wow
Welp
00,10your way seems painfull wrek
lol
^
did it say "läser in"?
Everlasting_Joy what happened
lol Wrek took the right way by accident
Firma: It's Swedish.
You forgot the console command Wrek
alexxm: Too long, I'm not going to disseminate.
wee
00,10yeah Firma
Prepare for entertaining trip
I really want to know who the G-man really is
SpadeMagnes[R]: i hope that too,also the reason why the ressonace cascade happen is never realy explained,it only explains that the cause wore the cristals,and the g-man
11,01To Ponyville!
SpadeMagnes[R]: Hah. Unlikely.
ok Everlasting_Joy sorry to hear that
so, this guy who's playing...is swedish?
And I want to know who the hell these "contractors" are
to equestria
Firma: yes
Firma: Yeah, that's Wrek.
00,10and I going of the rails on a crazy train
great
yaaaaaaaaaaaaay to ponyvill
this is a horryfying version of ponyville :I
Why dont we have theme parks with a HL2 Citadel ride???
funny to see a follow swedish playing a game with bronies around
some god damn stockholmer I bet...
an AU version
Wrek is swedish...? ouo
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: I would pay for that ride.
Wait... That doesn't look like Equestria
One time G-man mentioned he had Benifactors
DJPON3: Derp
O_O
lol
Dat crazy train.
11,01XD
00,10^_^
MUSIC
Who the hell could that be?
Bah hahaha :D
LOL
:D
oAo
Awwwww yeah!
aw,i wanted to listen to the cool cable sounds
Hello
XD
LOL DAT LAUGH
SpadeMagnes[R]: i bet the contactors are the X-Race from opossing force,and that the g-man is...i have no clue what the g-man is...
/me is on a crazy train
I love this song.
11,01The sound is off.
oh this song fits soo well
cable sounds...in the middle of silence
/me 11,01is on alexxm
Nurse_Discord: nah
harp darp ouo
the g-man is the g-man
lol
those are some ugly ponies
HELLOOOOOOOO Nurse_Discord !!!
teh crazy train
00,10gordon just found out the hev has an ipod
the gman is employed by slenderman
DAT crazy train
Sumica: Lol.
Conyst: i hope someday we find out who the G(ay)-man is...sorry i had to do that joke :)
The Striders mock you
alexxm: OH GOD NO
This seems like a game to the G-man and Gordon is his ace in the hole
:D
LOK OUT
we arnt in equestria anymore
oh god slenderman
GIANT BUGS XD
Hmmm.I don't think twilight aproves.
I would like a music player in my clothes.
okie doki loki
lol anon3mous345
i want a G-man vs slenderman :)
11,02i liek poniez :3c
♪Crazy traaiin♪
gman would win
Sometimes at the same time!
gman is slenderman
I do too SuperSuperBronyBrony
Back, with tea. :D
one does not simply go from equestria to not in equestria
things you fight next time
SuperSuperBronyBrony: orly
gman vs pinkie pie
I wonder if Gman is actually what he looks like
lol
♪♫♪♫
Making out with roofs.
I'M GOING OFF THE RAILS ON A CRAZY TRAIN
thats priceless
SpadeMagnes[R]: i bet he is not
pinkie would win
SpadeMagnes[R]: Probably not.
SpadeMagnes[R]: Doubtful,
This music does not fit. XD
SpadeMagnes[R]: no he aint, he's a clown in a clown filled with 1000 ppl
dident u just see that train bobeh
jump
And now its Wrek Time XDDDDD
I would love to find out who his "benifactors" are
there was a tain
this ride actual had excellent ambience
lol
Aw. It's over.
G-Man is MiB... or is that a synonym?
11,02Fruit hour ^-^
SpadeMagnes[R]: Actually, if you noclipped in HL1 at a point where the G-Man was walking away from watching you, you could see him teleport away. It had an effect and everything.
time for Wrek to go crazy
This should've played during the boss fight with the train in Final Fantasy Six.
minus the music
wat
G(ordon)-(free)man
WHOA, easy crazy swede
Who's streaming Half Life?
00,10nuuuuuuuuu ma guns
Didnt this fail to work the first time?
wtf
Wrek is
My first thought at this part was no all my weapons.
Now he gets super grav gun
nuuuuuu
11,01Aww. His guns went away.
o.o
time for my favorite weapon!
sergio_scriptor: yeah ive thought of that before, but nah, cant be..
11,01Except one.
How shocking
SuperBanana64: I approve of fruit time.
NOT THE CROWBAR
no more weps
inc plan backfire
lol
Logic.
Physics.
God Mode Activated
super gravity gun
11,02i liek fruits :3c
What is in the gravity gun that makes it go super?
from hl2 to portal
Oh dear. A suprcharged gravity gun.
and then superpowered grav gun
/me nomz SuperBanana64
Hai SuperBanana64
Doctor Freeman.
twi_sprinkle_GS17: that would be to much of a buzz kill if the g-man was actualy gordon from the future :'(
It's getting rather fruity in here... :3
SpadeMagnes[R]: Something about dark energy
Wrek needs to take them out
/me is nommed O.O'
00,10rip dat shit off the war wreky
Rip the screen off!
/me 11,01hugs SuperBanana64
SpadeMagnes[R] it was made by aprature
Right Click
Ripp it out of the wall
sergio_scriptor: yeah definitely
fuck u breen:[
11,01Maid Hour!
SuperBanana64: so you're a hmmmm brony who likes bananas?
looks like a bad game
11,01:p
I WANT to be here for movie night, but I may not be here... Parents want me to go see Brave and the new ice age... =n=
ohai Dr. Breen, Barney says "Buck you!"
Wait made by Aperature?
What?
Whatever happened to SuperBrony64? I think he became a banana.
then this is a non suprize whut u do to ma base meeting
11,02i liek bananas :D
anon3mous345: oh your back....go away timstr..
twi_sprinkle_GS17: gman is the half-life discord :)
oh so u liek bananas
I think he became some sort of fruit, that's for sure
Yay fruits.
SuperBanana64: Did you become a banana?
I hate bannana.
Tear it off
SpadeMagnes[R]: Well, Portal and Half-Life 2 exist in the same universe.
do you like, mmmmm bananas?
sergio_scriptor: only creepier, and in a suit
11,02TheShadowQuill: Yesh O.O
Discord in a French maid outfit? :3
I like mmmmmmmbananas
is this offline?
SpadeMagnes[R] doesn't the gravity gunb seem like something aprature would make
TO THE MOON
Shamrock: ok i got troled do wut get ovr it.
i have offline screen
Polydunami: Thank you for putting that picture in my head. Seriously.
11,01SuperBanana64: Do you still like maids?
you need to be online on steam to get achivements in this game
Meanwhile: Well, you ain't findin any bananas... ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAHH BEEYETCH
Arent Aperature and Mesa rivals or something?
/me evil laugh- "next pony!"
ded
lol DED
rogue physisist?
lol
A rogue physisist?
lolz
ded
:D
Why
Dat dero.
:D
DisintergratED
are blush physicists still ok?
derp
WHy did you do that
There's plenty more where that came from, Kiwijunk ;)
Whoops. He forgot he doesn't have the Light Suit.
11,02Maid_Discord: Ofc, you are the only true maid for me o////o
dat rogue physicist
SpadeMagnes[R]: Yes.
Err, I meant :)
alexxm: pretty sure Cave Johnson said something about black mesa stealing Aperture Science's ideas
what is this?
SpadeMagnes[R]: Basically, yeah.
/me 11,01hugs SuperBanana64 <3 Thank you.
alexxm: too,but again aperture can make your blood turn inot gasoline so,i bet they can do almost anything...EXEPT A PORTAL TO XEN :) black mesa troll face
Sweetie_Belle: its Half life 2
/me oh, I do everything. *snicker*
/me hugs Maid_Discord back ^-^
hh
sup
ENERGY PELLET HOLDING
So do you think the outside world in the Portal game is in the same time as Half life?
o god that was close
hey guys *huff*
My favorite fruit is honeydew melon
robokun so they could have stolen blue prints for it
i want a companion cube in real life... *foreveralone*
Sweetie_Belle: Half Life.
SpadeMagnes[R]: Maybe in Portal 1. Probably not in Portal 2.
SpadeMagnes[R]: yep
what is this Maid Fruit hour or somein?
rag doll physics
Throw the corpse!
My favourite fruit is durian :3
What is the time break from Portal 1 and 2?
Oh, I remember this place.
Do you have any fruit to declare?
11,01It can be Maid Fruit Hour.
Err, not really; haven't actually TRIED durian.
for someone who hasnt played this game in 7 years he knows the levels very well
Polydunami: You can only kick them.
Duke Nukem may have Balls of Steel, but Gordon Freeman got Balls of Dark Energy!
HELLOOOOOO BRONYSTATE
DJPON3: Well, I want a pony in real life. *forevernopone*
Rip the screen out of the wall!
lol it sais im the 999,999 visiter in yakima you have been selected to a drawing lol i pushed eccept
hl yay!
What's Maid Hour?
/me Feels like blowing somebody house up with lemons.
SpadeMagnes[R]: portal 2 outside world is probably half-life world after ep 3
does anyone else get a little depressed cause our world is shit and the ponys world is awesome
buck u breen
SpeedyBolt: hello
Maid_Discord do you have any fruit to declare?
they never really specify how long it is between portal and portal 2
HELLOOOOOO SpeedyBolt
Shut up,shut up
Humanity's field trip?
11,01Strawberries!
anypony seen the new season 3 song with spike and twilight???????????
hoi SpeedyBolt
TheShadowQuil *hugs* I know that feel bro
:p
hl or hl2?
Do we get Ms Frizzle as the teacher?
HaberDash: yeah, twas nice
HaberDash: There are no season 3 songs yet
God I feel old making that reference
Yeah, it was such a pain to feed yoshi the durian fruit :|
twi_sprinkle_GS17: What is it called
Dat flailing
TheShadowQuill: there is, look on eqd
SpadeMagnes[R]: Between the two games? Probably a very very long time. The Announcer guy in P2 sais "You have been asleep for 99999999-"
http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=mFtAF-y1PYs
TheShadowQuil On EQD
Holy shit I fell asleep watxhing this and i woke up with my headphones still on
HaberDash
yeah?
no videolinks during stream Haberdash
HaberDash...honestly...no video links during a stream..
well welcome back Eulshy
So what pony would make a good Gordon Freemane?
11,01HaberDash: No video links during stream.
5th time today we had that
SpadeMagnes[R]: Big Mac.
Polydumami: Remember trying to get yoshi over to that island?
wow nice hit
Eeyup
Hey Maid_Discord, what's Maid Hour?
One does not simply read the rules.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: more like the 12th :|
>Reading rules
Surely you jest.
i wouldn't be surprised if Aperture wasn't y@k comliant, bet you that's why the voice is so fucked up
sorry just excited :(
Warrior of the Lost World
I'll be back later for the movie night everypony. Gotta go do something.
Oh god, THAT island :[
11,01AttackHoneydew: An hour where everyone puts "maid" in their name.
but.. the rules aren't an image link. How can we find them?
Bye Pudgeotto
Like so.
HaberDash: Also, please don't link spoilers whether or not a stream is running.
Maid_Discord: Oh it's maid hour?
oh, right, MOTD
Maid_Discord: Ohhh. So I missed it?
Maid_Discord: My favorite Hour. :D
Sonic Heroes was cheesy for me
videos are just a quick succession of images
movie hour
i loved sonic heros XD
<3
I hated Sonic Heroes. :L
11,01AttackHoneydew: No.
dem human bowling pins
Maid_Discord: Oooh
Sonic Heroes was fun, IMO.
Maid_Discord: Sweet
The final line in it was just cheesy as hell
♪♫♪♫
sonic heroes was the bomb
Metal Sonic asked why he cant beat SOnic
Music is just curves in the air.
twi_sprinkle_GS17, you could say the same about life in general
He says Because We're sonic heroes
LETS SHOW THAT CREEP THE REAL SUPERPOWER OF TEAMWORK
The fuck kind of answer is that!
what movie is guna be on tonight, bronies?
wasn't sonic heroes supposed to be cheesy
light is just waves ...OR PARTICLES ?! in the air
kinda...
11,01You're not sonic toilets?
At least What I'm Made of was a good final boss theme
Polydunami: i meant that technically you could say a video link in an image link lol
13rain ist hier~
11,01Shizuka is here.
57 mins till movie night~♪
/me hugs Shizuka <3
I made a portal
waveicules!
iv made somthing muffins :D
BEST DUET EVER
buck U BREEN
Light is just electromagnetic radiation from about 390 to 740 nm in wavelength.
he created hope for the citizens of city 17
Gordon tecnically made the cascade
did anyone buy portal off steam lately
I guess... but they are used for different things
If I have to eat before movie night.I'm just going to starve.
11,01BRB
Kiwijunk: :)
disentergratre all the people
You are just a smart monkey. Think about that for a while.
11,01Kiwijunk: Photons
^
dem ragdolls
>
Photons Be Free.
Bah. I'm skeptical.
did anyone els get a strange craving for choclet?
Robotnik really needs to stop making robots that can turn on him
I am not a monkey, I am a MAN.
Maid_Discord: I 'unno, I just graduated 9th grade (10th year). I just googled "define:light".
Wah, Maid Hour started without me realizing...one sec let me find the appropriate image
your mother?
I wish I was just a smart monkey. It'd be cool to have a tail.
http://i.imgur.com/ycMHW.png
Any ideas for season 3 episodes?
cher3ry: It'd be cool to have hands for feet.
Think about it. No more stinky feet!
cant wait for trixie episodes
TheShadowQuill: i want a derpy hooves centered episode
MarDoWell: http://cdn.smosh.com/sites/default/files/bloguploads/spongebob-choclate.gif
EggoMaidusWhite: lol
DJ-PON3 has a longer scene and has new voice
still waiting for trixie to replace twilight.
sergio_scriptor: after the fiasco I doubt soccer moms would allow it
Ded.
sergio_scriptor: You got one. It's called The Last Roundu.
sergio_scriptor: Good idea.
Roundup*
maidlicious: nu, twi is too awesome
TheShadowQuill: I'm guessing everyone here knows about Trixie coming back and the Octavia and Rarity thing?
Yea what ever breen
BROOHOOF sirganjalf /)
Eeyup
Mega Weapon
Like that will ever happen, maidlicious
Kiwijunk: i said a CENTERED episode on her,a full episode of nothing but derpy
ded
but The Last Roundup had a side story with applejack that lasted way too long
i hate soccermoms so much
So? Portal 2?
MangoBobeh: What Octavia and Rarity thing?
SpadeMagnes[R]: Then why wasn't anyone raging and sending all their rage towards the soccer moms then? Weren't they the main ones complaining?
sergio_scriptor: I know it was supposed to be an Applejack. But it ended up being a Derpy episode.
Soul what about Lacross Moms?
sergio_scriptor: AGAIN the over sensitive faggots wouldent allow it
maidlicious: I see what you did there :|
an Applejack episode*
:P
What side story, maidlicious?
is he sopposed to use thos side things as cover?
MangoBobeh Eeyup
for that long pathway
SpadeMagnes[R]: screw that we are bronies we can do anything we want :P
Polydunami: the side story where applejack has to get money to fix town hall
spike is going to sing a duet with twi. he gon have a song before applejack
Oh she looks offensive! She must be making fun of retarded people! *whine whine whine*
/me leaps in SuperNurse64's arms...hooves
TheShadowQuill: There may be a Octavia and Rarity duet in season 3. And Trixie is suppoesed to come back.
Soul: the person who made the episode also had a child with metal defects...so she was appaled at it as well when she found out derp ment "retarded" so yeah
It was an Applejack episode, Derpy was in 2 minutes of it
MarDoWell: He's supposed to not get shot by the giant War of the Worlds robot.
Wrek needs to just run away from the strider
11,02O.O
/me will try his best to do homework and watch teh moveh
MangoBobeh: Wow.
/me hugs AttackttheMaid
o thats deppresing'
derp does not mean retarded...
^
an episode making fun of soccer moms would be amazing
SuperNurse64: OH GOD IT'S THAT TIME ISN'T IT
^^
Let me look up the defintion of derp
Hmm... I think that was the main story. Derpy was just a bit character in that episode.
derp means clumsy
Why are we talking about about derpygate agaaain?
who here is a math wiz?
Maidwhile: idk
Wrek don't give no damns about Breen's speech.
Maidwhile: Happy maid hour
TheShadowQuill: Also a Dragon Fluttershy but nobody cares about that. :V
Derp: 	A simple, undefined reply when an ignorant comment or action is made.
IshBestPony I am want do you need
Says nothing about retards
twi_sprinkle_GS17: Which buggers me. Looks like Applejack is the MLP Pyro:(
Crazy Train part 2?
derpy was only censored in itunes,in the hub they can do anything
Maidwhile: At Comic-con they said no new Derpy episode
MangoBobeh: Dragon Fluttershy? What?
o no i got a feeling about trains agian :(
Yep.
mangobobeh I care about fluttershy
i knew it
CRAZY TRAIN
Oh my
any pony hear about the secret meaning behind BBBFF?
I see what he did there.
GarettBrony I'm to lazy to get my calculator
OHGODTHATSCAREDME
i understand people being a bit upset, but would their children REALLY make an issue out of it? its an innocent show
oh come on, i wanted to listen to the cable sound ambience
mitamaking: So?
teh CRAZY TRAIN
theres gonna be a derpy episode
Crazy train is best train
now to go on a sightseeing tour of the tower
TheShadowQuill: Something like that.
DJPON3 what is it
DJPON3: what is the secret meaning ?
11,02Nurse hour :D
Yay again! :)
The urban dictionary meaning of Derp says NOTHING ABOUT retards
:D
lol twi_sprinkle_gs17
Maidwhile: We are angry it isn't happening
So the Soccermoms are total idiots
mitamaking: Well then you're spoilt brats.
i thought crazy train was part of this game
SuperNurse64: For me it is just 6 PM.
It takes a long time to recall... Google BBBFF secret meaning.
More like crazy elevator
SpadeMagnes[R]: ...Well, yeah. That's what soccermoms do.
^.^
you don't say
Maidwhile: I don't think we wanted the reaction it got
stalker...
(ITS an AWESOME secret...)
People need to grow a god damn spine
DJMidgetBrony: ... Do you mean the Deceptive Cadence?
SpadeMagnes[R]: Amen.
dem monsters
I'M GOIN' OFF THE MANAGEMENT RAILS ON A CRAZY ELEVATOR
Whaaat, is this a nurse hour now?
Ninja Train?
DJMidgetBrony: Sorry, wrong ping.
i need a program witch i can hot key keys to play music
DJPON3 : ... Do you mean the Deceptive Cadence?
/me sings along
dem sythn tankes and synth mortars
Stop. Just STOP
Eeyup...
Hammertime.
my nurse hour is tomorrow at the dentists <.<
Stop? Just Stop?
those creatures are probably going to be in episode 3
eeyup
NURSE AND MAID HOUR
11,01I'm OK With Nurse Hour
SpadeMagnes[R] do you mean that all of the wine rs are inverabrater
Dat view.
at least derpy is on the dvd
dat City 17
Anyway who cares about Derpy... More Luna :)
Nurse_Discord: lol
Conyst: they were sposed to be in the 1st game...
/me dusts syringes
mitamaking: I'm with you there :$
no PINKIE PIE
Nurse... nurse... patching up programs... i'll go with this..
thats unsanitary :/
mitamaking: i want an episode where luna dreams she is woona :)
city 17 seemed pretty unimpressive, too sprity
Deceptuve cadence in song for win
I love how they say something is making fun of retards when it clearly isnt
and then trixie returns to season 3 or the show is just annoying sethisto :p
I LIKE TRAINS ლ(ಠ益ಠლ why u no like trains
*deceptive
Luna should have more screen time, being the Princess of the Night and all
gee the ruins of civilization looked lively. LOL
Shamroc: key word supposed to be
oh noes
They just ASSUME
I'm killin' all your guys with my ninja traaaaiiiin.
o hai Ms Benedict Arnold
traiter
MY NEW NAME
Did anyone else see the song, did it seem like a flashback to anyone else?
ITS NO USE
moosman !
TRIXIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIE!
And suddenly /nick
Please state the nature of your logical emergency.
Doctor Doctor give me the news a got a bad case of loving you.
*mossman
Does Gordon have to slap a bitch?
says u bitch
Look at my new name
dat ass
Dat ass.
what a hore
TAKE THIS!
Gordon Freeman is tall.
And from that moment on, I hated Mossman.
Lol.
lol
:D
13rain ist here
wow
lol
mitamaking: That's what I thought too
DAT FLANK
:D
how tall is he
lol
DAT ASS
Male Vision.
13blew the power for a moment
lol
did ass
Giggity
lol
you lie you're not sorry at all
Polydunami: No, he's held up by a thing.
Haha lol :D
I play Half-life 2 for the plot :3
SLAP IT
dat ass
Gutted Shizu.
dat plot
/me hugs Shizuka "Im sowwy"
THIS ISNT PORNHUB!
Fuck that bitch.
A A A A stayin alive stayin alvive
genacide what about that ass
that's your job
evil eeeevvviiiillllll
/me ;w;
Touché
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka. You're getting rain.
:3
/me 13hugs rain rain~
<3
o wats dat, o putis ovar tare
13you are here that is what matters~
Why does Breen just ignore the Grav gun?
wub woo, Shizuka <3
?
This is getting out of hand
SpadeMagnes[R]: beacuse we does not know what that thing is
says u breen u will die
it was pretty stupid to just get into those transport things
If it clearly survived the disintigrator it should be important
SpadeMagnes[R]: Because it's a silly resistance thing.
because he's a dumbass
the laugh of "OMG THEY ARE HOLDING A GUN TO MY HEAD RIGHT NOW"
/me uses her stethoscope on Maidwhile
EEEEEEEEEEEEVIL!!!!
He doesn't know what the Grav gun does.
nice rug
perpare for unforeseen consequences
acs26 what it isnt . why doesnt anypony tell me these things
what was he researching
/me dusts patient's bullet wounds
Look at that floor. Beautiful
Shouldent he be interested it survied the vaporizer?
Rouse the Rabble
GarettBrony: Magick.
HOw do you get your desktop ponys to stay still like that :O
Dad.
Oh, Wrek.
its a party
o Wrek
You so silly.
11,01I see RP.
11,01Gotta go. BRB.
^
This nurse hour hurts my sanity
lol
SpadeMagnes[R]: maybe we does what everyone in the internet does: "Not give a fuck " ?
and now some type of ear fetish...
Nurse. Nurse!
NurseMaidatronShadow: Sanity? What's that?
Does Breen have to slap a bitch?
^
Heloooooo Nurse!
11,01Everlasting_Patient: Stop RPing.
SLAP DAT BITCH
Nurse_Discord: My bad.
AttacktheNurse: OH YOU GOTTA HELP ME MAN I AM BEING OVERTAKEN
Speaking of which, how're the kids?
weeee
i want to go to the combine dimension
FORESHADOWING
ShadowQuill: By what??
So does Gordon actuall have any free will here?
I need to leave. Gotta regain sanity.
i sense death in their near futures
you guys need the song InSan
SpadeMagnes[R]: Hah. No.
SpadeMagnes[R]: hummmm...no
What a tweest!
Benedict Arnold became Super Benedict Arnold
So he's just a pawn in a game with the powers of the universe?
/me is no longer Mango
just smack her?
Time, Dr. Wallace?
SpadeMagnes[R]: oh yesssss :)
i like how gordons standing there and watching all this
congratulations! you twilight sparkle evolved into a rapidash
DAMN
WOAh
nope
OSHIT
Bobeh you traitor >: (
that could have gone better
HaberDash: No, he was suspended by a thing.
HaberDash: hes in a pod that prevents him from moveing..
Damn so close
Begin epic chase scene!
Octavia getting a voice uhmmmm
and then they all died
IshMangoPony. D:
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG Super Denedict arnold just became Super Benedict Arnold Shwarzeneggar
How did gordon survive that?
Statue
so whens episode 3 out
I like Gordon Freeman's voice actor the most :3
he knows this game way too well for someone who hasnt played it 7 years
lol
SpadeMagnes[R]: His Suit
Never.
Must... take... statues!
its a celection
I am back and I am ready for tonight!
HaberDash: at 30 of februar
now all you have to fight is a statue
who else is!
Alyx totally has the hots for Gordon.
Weeping Breens
Valve cant count to three, Silly HaberDash
SpadeMagnes[R]: Cause he's the main character
The fuck is that suit made out of?
HaberDash valve can't count to 3
i would work for the combine if they made me a statue...
SpadeMagnes[R]: Magic.
SpadeMagnes[R]: Nokias
twi_sprinkle_GS17: It's surprising what you can remember, if even that long a time.
Hah nokias
who else is ready for tonight? say I
I hope her voice is soothing
i am silly 6_9
SpadeMagnes[R]: minecraft diamond ? :)
Does the creature he talks to even have a name?
Inb4 the voice of a thousand snoot.
i hope they hire the fan voice... (not going to happen)
Jon's leftover pizza
SpadeMagnes[R]: a advisor
SpadeMagnes[R]: Yeah, it's a... thing.
Everlasting_Joy idk, i know i dont have such memory
^
G2G, bros.
that gun
Later DJPON3.
achevment get: statue breker
SpadeMagnes[R]: the advisor it's the true combine
Why are you taking those Statues with you?
Bye DJPON3 :)
breaker
its the Ghost hunter weapon used to banish ghosts in Sims 3
bye DJPON3
sse ya DJPON3
woah DAT view
:p
more woona, flutterdragon ?
Bass cannon, away! ♪♫☺♫♪♫
see*
final level
yay sprite view
DJPon3: Will you be on for movienight?
Movie night is soon!
bye DJPON3
it is soon!
"Oh, hello bronies. I'm Octavia. Come in, sit down. I was going to start practicing."
do what you can = blow it into pieces
45 min
you can see the city in all tis glorious spritiness
who else is ready for it? say I
i can see froman in the distance
Fluttershy is best dragon.
WEEEE
lol Wrek
I
Sneaks: E
F
now to blow everything up
wub wub wub
Aww yeah
Purple
F is for fire
oh
hes like no dat ass is going to be left behind
Dr Freeman?
its not movie night yet~
First time on a livestream... Derp.
WarGames. Starring Ferris Bueller and the Basket Case from the Breakfast Club.
yay!
Im not late
http://derpy.me/xpPCc
Thank you... I think?
then welcome Iron_Waffle :)
This is turning out to be the best day ever
Thanks
At least it's not Neurotoxin...
I love friday the 13th :D
welcome Iron_Waffle
must not watch new song ...
The screens do nothing!
Oh yeah, today's Friday the 13th, huh?
The Super Duper Fantastic Gravity Gun is awesome
My teacher's birthday is on Friday the 13th...
WarGames: its just you and me baby Wargames
...I forgot what it's called.
I like how we compelety ignores the road /)_*
He's mean :P
well there goes 50 grand
time to die *sigh*
no FiW got more point then
ah
Welcome Iron_Waffle :), be sure to read the rules
now*
Where did the whole Friday the 13th myth come from>
I DUNNO LOL
dat quicksave :3
SpadeMagnes[R]: the movie
Iron_Waffle: *GASP* YOU'RE A WAFFLE TOO?!
Polydunami: Wandering around camp killing teens probably.
http://goo.gl/OcSaH --- tell me its not the same :p
SpadeMagnes[R]: As with many myths, it's hard to tell exactly, but the earliest known documented reference in English was from the 1869 biography of Gioachino Rossini.
The myth of friday the 13th being unlucky was way before the movie wa smade
waffles are going to take over the world! D:]
SpadeMagnes[R]: ...He died on a Friday the 13th.
Friday's been normal today.
SpadeMagnes[R]: true but....
Evil beware, we have waffles.
Lol Wrek
Soul: Why are you sad about that?
Skyski: Nope, Friday the 13th has been an unlucky day since way before that.
K, Breen, you're becoming very clichéd.
Dont see how that translates for it being unlucky Kammerjunk
I'm mad, because its usually my lucky day.
Waffles.
idk
The portal's opening?! :O
aw kawdy
hahah
lawdy
Send a nuke into it!
pinkie what have you done!
EspyLacopa but the darkside has cookies
OMG TEH PORTAL
Maidwhile: i know but, i like that movie
Waffles will TAKE OVER THE WORLD! MUAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA
G-MAN SAVE US!
well its over
OH NO
Wrek: break that shity portal
SpadeMagnes[R]: I 'unno. There are a coule of theories for why exactly it's an unlucky combination.
pinkie pie divided by zero :p
BLAME PINKIE! IT'S HER FAULT.
couple*
Wrek: kill Breen at the center with dem orbs
17 to 21 million people in the us are afraid of this day.
THROW A ORB TO THE MIDDLE
superstitious fools
UR DOIN IT WRONG
Maidwhile: i mean thats waht i think of when i think friday the 13th
Ouch...
lol fail
ded
I'm surprised that i'm not lagging. Yay!
floors, Dr. Freemans one weakness
Wrek: /)_*
Friday the 13th? Just another day to me.
Lol
Derp
Ouch again
wow
0,5preD
13silly wrek you have to wait for the elevator
DERP
XD
Ohh
and loading screens
another railing death
Stupid browser crash
Waiting is overrated.
on Wikipedia it mentions Friday, 13 October 1307
SpadeMagnes[R]: 12 is considered, in numerology, the number of completeness, and Friday has been an unlucky day since at least 14th century's "The Canterbury Tale".
Where hundreds of templar knights were arrested
pinkie why did you open the portal!
and I think exicuted
WHY?!?!?!?!?!
and now we're discussing wikipedia articles.
"Ha ha! You'll never catch me!"
Well, that's not a bad thing, is it SpadeMagnes[R]?
lol
That new music,,, I want episode now
inb4 he ded
Pinkie... Portal... Friendship is Witchcraft?
Quick, get Ironman to throw a nuke into the portal!
:D
BURN THE ROPE
has anyone seen my little portal?
screw the people.
i have an idea
When in doubt: throw stuff!
What game is this?
Gordon doesnt give a shit.
I KNOW HOW TO BEAT HIM!
yay Wrek did it
SHUT OFF YOUR CPU!
G-man scene incoming
dat youneedme
WHERE THE HELL
13boom
I'm on 3 pony IRCs D:
HERE IS G-MAN
dayum
YES. G-MAN.
Apperently Tuesday the 13th is unlucky to spanish speaking countries
boom
Fuck
Kaboom!
blablabla mr freeman
You fools! You've meesed with the natural order!
Gordon WAS FROZEN TODAY!
oh its 4:50 Gman sir
Freeze frame.
hmmm alyx is frozen... What to do, what to do?
KA-BLOOOEEYYYYYY
umm?
g man
The Doctor?
g-man is awesome
Is that G Man?
Oh.
aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhh
I HEAR G MAN
GMAN
love this speech
BOOM:DENIED
Who the hell are you!
OH SHIT :O
Wow
...Who is the G-Man?
Look its the 14th doctor
37 mins!!!
SpadeMagnes[R]: Fun fact: There is a phobia of Friday the 13th called "friggatriskaidekaphobia".
O.O
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG: God, I wish.
wat
G-man is pinkie pie?! WHO KNEW?!
EspyLacopa: the guy with the suit
Friday the 17th is unlucky in italy
EspyLacopa: We don't know. THAT is the G-Man.
Trippin balls here
wrek: please tell me you're gonna play a bit of ep 1 after this
bad trip
This is scaring me.
robokun: probably not
WHO ARE YOUUUUUUU
I will never do drugs.
He cannot speak very well. .3.
I hope I wasn't the only one here who spoke along with the G-Man there.
all g-man scenes are bloody EPIC
wtf
Gman and his trains
... I don't think I'll ever be playing this game
ew, when is the last time u flossed?
g man is either employed by slender man or is slender man
Und dann Gman got off.
Bobeh: I think he has one of the best voices ever.
tram reference
Kammerjunk: you are not :)
why is it always trains with him
Hey Everypony
o.o kreapy
05thanks for watching guys, hope you enjoyed
05also
Thats it?
game beaten
:<
Twilight Zone
05"shoot the middle"
Also, the way he smiled when he said "This is where I get off" was kinda creepy.
Kammerjunk: He does.
Thanks for streaming Wrek.
Hey Baxter :)
i so much enjoyd
Wrek: jab..jab
Wrek: thanks for streaming
hello Baxter
WTF ENDING_??!?!
Wrek: we did :)
WHAT?
Is maid hour done yet?
hey Baxter how've you been
So.. did he died?
05really guys, thats the kidna shit commetns i want you to refrain from
Wait, that's how it ends?
g man is either employed by slender man or is slender man
you know what this calls for? A PARTY!
And then they all died.
Oh i've been doing pretty good
Awesome! Now let's play Half-Life 3
Thanks Wrek and welcome back
Maid Hour is done?
0,5"Shoot the middle?"
Kammerjunk: G-man is creepy in overall
Ponychan is really slow though >.<
0,5I dont get it...
AttacktheNurse: Unless Half-Life 2: Episode one, yeah.
Rookeealding: no,he as puted in stasis
That was on e strange ending.
Until*
and thanks for sayin hello
LC: That makes two of us...
...ok then.
hello everypony
alexxm: Hi
Hallo
hello MLPxREACTOR :)
hi MLPxREACTOR
now do somthing els that will waist 36 min
That was as much a cliffhanger as the first game, if I'm not mistaken.
MarDoWell: waste*
DERP
05well
Hey MLPxREACTOR
Thanks for streaming Wrek!
And this is a GOOD ending?
hy ShadowQuill how've you been
:D
Half-Life three is a myth!
BULLCRAP
Wrek: OD SLENDER,DO SLENDER :)
I wonder what the movie will be.
05i have a few minutes untill movie night
Wre....will you be doing the episodes?
More cliffhangers, yay!
Has everyone seen the new MLP song reveild at comic con?
Conyst just like season 3.
=D
Rookeealding: Yes
Wrek: SLENDR :)
Wrek...will you be doing the episodes? hmmm?
Rookeealding: I have
Twailiet
no just like dry land
Shamroc: what episodes?
Hey, Wrek is on Wrek's stream!
Slender would be fun.
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG..the half life episodes...
Polydunami: holy crap!
hl2 yay!
yesssss Slender
Lost coast. Never played it
dat lost coast
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
Lost coast ...fair enough
wut
mobie night please start now..
hey, creepy valve guy, stop lookign at twi
Whoa, didn't realize you had a sound ping, there
I love the desktop where did you get it wrek?
What's Lost Coast....
lost coast is actualy a decent game
35 MINUTES REMAINING
:D
What OS is Wrek using?
wallpaper* lol
I say, that is a brilliant wallpaer.
Lost Coast, eh? Never heard of it.
SpadeMagnes[R]: Windows 7
yikes chat in white
SpadeMagnes[R]: Windows 7, from the looks of it.
the lost coast is pretty good
AttacktheNurse: loast coast is a half-life 2 hd demo that is actuly pretty decent and solid
I have a Derpy wallpaper.
Are those ponies at the bottom of the screen a part of his computer?
The buttons dont look like anything I have
AttacktheNurse: it was supposed to be part of hl2 but it was scrapped...now its just a demo reel for stuff they did in hl2
i <3 his wallpaper
Baxter: Desktop ponies.
SpadeMagnes[R]: Yeah kinda
Baxter: No, that's Desktop Ponies.
I think mine is vista
sergio_scriptor: I've never played it. It sounds fun.
i love her mane
i have been playing cadence and i feel dirty
I have desktop ponies.
dukedontnukem: Ditto.
Where do you get them?
I love the wallpaper :) where did you get it wrek?
Where do I go on a computer to check what my OS is?
lol
?
AttacktheNurse: it's decent,the most fun part is when you use a harppon on the combine :)
/me facehooves
Wrek: all the failure capture
SpadeMagnes[R]: Oh sorry i was meant to reply to some1 else :$
Herp the derp.
epic capture
fail
The wallpaper has been doubled
Spade your computer out covering sshould say
Krammerjunk a ditto where i love dittto :)
Uhh?
Is it just me or am I seeing double?
sergio_scriptor: I'd have to play HL1 first. I've never played any of them
woo-woo-woo-woo
Conyst: lol
SpadeMagnes[R]: Start Menu > Right-click "Computer" > Properties
Oh wait.
All the changlings
I think I'm drunk
I'm seeing double.
Wait, never mind
Wrek: good man!
im seeing trouble
half life wtf
YAY
I'm spamming refresh.
owlicious: Mewth, that's right!
I'm peeing double. WAIT WHAT
hmm
to protect the world from devastation
lol
Half Life = GOOD GAME
^
Is it buffering for anybofy?
Ohhhh...its just Half Life. I thought this Lost Coast was a completely different game.
yes
AttacktheNurse: you should play them someday,it's my favorite gaming franchise of all time :) but make sure you start from the begining to understand the story :)
Yep
Cool
team rocket blasting off at the speed of light
TF2 anyone?
Yar.
tthhee tteexxtiinngg hhaass bbeenn ddoouubblleedd
hi
Iron_Waffle: What about it?
i love tf2
hi
sergio_scriptor: I will, when I have the money and my comptuer can hopefully handle it.
hi again MarDoWell
Is it buffered for anyone?
Freedman? Sidney Freedman?
ffiisshh
Brony4Eva: yep
A fisherman knows of the freeman
hello? o.o
hi sergio_scriptor agian
soul: hi
soul: Goodbye.
soul: hi?
grrr lag
AttacktheNurse: im sure your computer can at least handle half-life 1 :D i mean it has released in 1996
back home...
You say goodbye. I say hello
Hellohello
ouch
Polydunami: beatles rite?
Get along now, fatty.
hell hi
lol im watching poniez
Denied
I don't know why you say goodbye I say hello
TIPPITY TIT
Nuts
Bolts
Who else here has desktop ponies?
Iron_Waffle: i have
Iron_Waffle: aye
Fishman?
Iron_Waffle: i do
lost coast is best mountain climber
how do you get them?
Iron_Waffle: I'm getting them right now
George Fishman
you have to defeat the previous owner
soul: google search, you can download the exe for freeee
or you can do that^
lol owlicious :D
dat bloom
I don't remember the name of this game
HEY EVERPONY HELL A PERSON IN CHAT IS MY FREAND AND HES NOT A BRONY EVERPONY GIVE HIM A HUG
twi_sprinkle_GS17: Pirtating sometimes sucks.
at least combines have better aim than stormtroppers
i want a half-life game where you play with dr.kleiner and lamarr :)
annd arena sequence
'Tis Half-Life 2: Lost Coast
acs26: its not pirating, the pony desktop prog is free
acs26: in fact i bet they cant sell it either way
MarDoWell: You mean his username is hell?
MarDoWell: Stop :[ing at me
I really hope the film will be friday 13th.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: the equivalent to stormtroppes in half-life is the civil protection :)
twi_sprinkle_GS17: Ooh nvm I though you was talking about hl2lc
Yea My thing runs on Vista
acs26: k
sergio_scriptor still better aim
Why my dad hasnt upgraded it to 7 I dont know...
i still have vista on my laptop as well
What the :);):D:P was that?
Mine runs on XP...
and im using windows xp right now
32 bit
IDK bit.
bit is pony money
Soooo...maybe this buffering will stop before the first movie.
There are legitimate bit coins that you can get
Or should I just refresh?
Apparently windows 8 is coming out soonish
Cool.
No buffering on my end
MrBen: REFRESH FOR CELESTIA'S SAKE
MrBen: it's not buffering for me
I HAVE MCDONALDS TONIGHT
herro
cross bow is canon.
kidzrul434: GOOD FOR YOU
ShadowQuill: ....well, ok. No need to yell.
oh refresh, i forgot about that button..
kidzrul434: I had KFC :)
0,14so much all caps
wwwwow
Don't eat that crap
I don't like McDonald's too much
I'm here. :D
kidzrul434: that got to be healthy :P
ShadowQuill: Yeesh.
I HAVE... Wait, what DO I have?
MrBen: Oh, the irony.
Oh good, I was worried I'd run out of Half:Life episode 3 depression.
Hay SaxyPretender
im having fried deermeat tonight
I am going to eat zaxby's while watching the movies
0,14oh hai everyone
ads :(
who is starting to pop their pop-corn?
im so redneck xD
hi SaxyPretender
jk
hi SaxyPretender
oh hai SaxyPretender :)
McDonald's? I'd rather have food :3
OH hi there
he gona die.
fat food is good food
im eating greans and chicken with candy yams...so ye.
There we go. Much better.
Yar!
Hey let people eat how they want
i had a sandwich for dinner :P
hey is the movie going to be in hd
I had a pizza today. Homemade.
fried deermeat is so much better :P
sergio_scriptor: Thats not dinner o.o
I have boycotted McDonald's and now I eat ALL the other fast food.
I haven't had dinner yet.
today i made the best carrot cake.
I dont need the fucking government to tell me how to eat
I wanted to make a homemade pizza.
i had hydrated pizza
No I must dictate my eating habbits upon all whom I observe
Dat Saxy.
it was good.
Iron_Waffle: I have Hot Pocket epic dinner
Why is we talking about food?o.o
acs26: it's the student's diet :)
Polydunami: We've made homemade pizza. :3
can you rocket jump in this XD
CRATES
0,14Dat Meanwhile
acs26: I have no idea
I want to make some more spagetthi
does anypony know if the video going to be hd
twi_sprinkle_GS17, you sure can hydrate a pizza :3
great now im hungry
my family invited me to lunch today :D
The only people who should be telling us how we should eat is ourselves
Oh, you!
Maybe I can coerc--I mean, convince, Mom to make some for me
Polydunami: havent you seen bttf2? ofc i can!:D
how many shots can that bitch take!
More than my helicopter could.
My favorite is dehydrated water. Mmm.
3
I know, that was a line of dialogue
cher3ry: Oh, you.
Aw yeah! MLG Half Life!
pony_1154: My family inviting me to dinner = Stop watching mlp.
We are what we eat, so dragons are crystals?
Scoot-Scootaloo: heheh
and evening y'all :)
ninja half life
I'm a cheesecake!
Ohai Scoot-Scootaloo :)
jump in water
If we are what we eat, should we start eating ponis?
hi Scoot-Scootaloo
hi Scoot-Scootaloo ,you are the mod everypony likes :)
WHEE
so ninja
HEY EVERYPONY
i hate the government telling kids how to eat because they are obese, thats genetics or the parents' fault
hi therainbowvortex
hello Scoot-Scootaloo
sup guys
HEY therainbowvortex :)
im starving in school now
You know what I still find stupid?
dat Lad
soul: I hate the government, period.
Yeah well, I'm stuck in school still, but that doesn't mean I can't be here! :D
YAH DEED IT
Hey, Scoot-Scootaloo! I remember back when you were not a mod!
Leeches. Greeaaaat.
home
What spade?
woah
mmm leaches
lol
SHOOT HIM
...
thos leeches are delecies
It's been a while, Scoot-Scootaloo
If i remember Obama's wife used her kid's as figures of Obesity
the end?
no episode 2
woah. epic ending
leeches them good eating
Her kids were stick thin
that is stupid
gman in fisher form
hope you like leeches.
mmmm thos leeches
BEST ENDING EVER!
Been a while? we haven't spoken in a long time?
LEECHES
EVERYONE START POPPING THEIR POPCORN! MOVIE NIGHT STARTS IN 23 MINUTES!
ohai nekid Scoot-Scootaloo
lol
BRB, gonna try to beat Portal 2. Wish me luck.
IM GONA GO AND BE BACK 4 BRONY MOVIE NIGHT
they are starving kids in school so they can be skinny
05goan check how much time i got
Quick, burn them off with your ciga--oh wait this isn't MGS3
I ran out oif popcorn lol
I mean it's been a while since I've seen you, Scoot-Scootaloo
good luck ShadowQuill
need to get some beverages brb
Good luck ShadowQuill :)
ill pop your popcorn
22 mins
good luck ShadowQuill
Let's not let the people decide how they should eat, lets controll what they should eat!
Ah, okay :)
I'll go get my real nickname..brb
such a stupid idea
Dat Steam
Movie night Y U NO COME FASTER?
hey
tada ... :D re
is it slender time ? :P
Waahhey desktops
omg im missing out on the summer sale cause parent locked my computer that has steam :(
hey Eulshy :)
hi Eulshy
I'm hungry and I don't want to go upstairs and get anything because I'm a lazy fudge.
only 22 minutes till the end of the world or was it movie night?
Hey Eulshy
Steam is to powerful for my cpu
You know whats really stupid?
Conyst: end of the world
what?
Hey red_ony, you can use /nick to change your username without quitting the chat.
A kid brought food to school from home
meaning I have to delete it after I install something.
05oh well
0522 minutes to kill
SpadeMagnes[R]: me?
right it was both
MY LIFE IS COMPLETE
He got sent home with a note to his mother
THOUSANDS OF PONIES ON MY COMPUTER
The fuck people
Let's play GGM
everyone im starting a vote which is better pc gaming or console gaiming
22 min thats enough time for ponies :D
now that is awefully handy to know! thanks!
I WILL NEVER BE SAD AGAIN
CONSOLE
Ponies? In THIS chat?! :O
LETS WATCH SPEED RACER
PC gaming is best
Wrek: is it slender time ? :P
lolnope~
great, that means tea party. :/
just saying :$
I grew up on the NES NOBODY WILL CONVINCE ME OTHERWISE
People actually do that, SpadeMagnes[R]?
11,01Yay, Wrek won.
The kid brought food from home to school and he gets SENT HOME, THE FUCK
/me takes over baxter's body."I will be sad.." *cries*
yay stream time
umm
Nurse time? Did I miss it? D:
Let's watch the pony polka loop vid for the next 22 mins! :D
compared to those who voted the gaming btween pc and console is equal
Nuuuuuuuuuuuu
sup everypony, I'm back
Is Wrek finally playing Slender....
20 minutes...i wonder what we will se :)
I mean, are you not SUPPOSED to bring food from home?
Wait I was possessed O.o
*see
nope
11,01Bill.
if he doesn't support the cafeteria, he's a communist. You don't think they're their to learn, do you SpadeMagnes[R]
Polydunami: It was some bullshit health law thing
*there
NOPE, just TF2
chat derped
Und dann TF2.
hmm this video again?
:D
Yeah, that's WAY too paranoid. And I have a FoodSafe certificate.
Typed "save as .dmx gif
'cause 'murrica
lol
soul: Because it makes a good scapegoat
:D
daydream what is going on?
13wrek fortress 2? we should pyro tennis
Typed "save as .dmx" in google images, found this: http://media.moddb.com/cache/images/members/1/60/59757/thumb_300x150/StarlightSparkleGif.gif
so, is his respawn time 3 days?
lol
Shizuka....i tried to find severs noneworked
so do i
and he will be betrayed by someone on his own team
DrGanjalf: Twilightnik?
Shamroc: Needs SLAG.
but the government sucks anyways
05Shizuka: ocne movie night starts dear :3
for a hat
/me yawns
MegaMoonShine: Or Sputwi
governments usually suck
daydream?
Meanwhile...no...not slag...need a random sever thats empty..
dat heresy
Someone hasn't read Pwn 3:14.
well.. not always
wat
13oh oki
Woman milk...to man milk?o.o
Shamroc: Do you want the sun to rise in the west as well?
this is hillarious
Dude, that's 3:16.
My version emphasizes pie.
daydream are ya there?
all of my WAT
anon3mous345: i love that comic :)
When in doubt, throw milk.
WTF
xD
soul: im a catholic :P
Yes
I love this
:D
XD
:P
hehehe
BABABABABABABBAB JESUS POWERS AWAY!
hello daydream
love this face
go jesus go jesus go jesus
Jesus power!
ready for zaxby's and movie night?
Yes
I'm laughing for real right now xD
What is this?
i find this is to lol to
i liked jesus before he was popular...
Holla holla get $
DAMN
aeiou
lol
I have no idea what's happening here
sergio_scriptor: Since when he wasn't popular?
TF2
Bugger.
that is what is happening
lol
Can we watch Meet the pyro?
acs26: 23 bc
he was unpopular between about 4 BC and 100 AD, and then again between about 1950 to the present.
XD
lol
0.o
11,02bbl ^-^
oki SuperBrony64|AFK!
Seeya SB.
SCOTLAND IS NOT A REAL COUNTRY!
Polydunami: I know.
We can watch meet the scouts mom
everyone has
Welp.
SuperBrony64|AFK: Bro
wut
:O
WTF
wat
Ew
SO CUTE
lol wut
lol
:D
;o
wat
what?
o.o'
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
wat
oAo
DAFUQ!?!?
damnit heavy x medic
WHAT THE HELL !
wut
awk-ward
omg
MY EYES
WTF
(facepalm)
He loves this doctor
yay gayness!
wat?
?
0o0
Medics face when.
cute
lol wtf
Medic's Face.
lol
DA BUQ IS THIS?
Hi guys! I just came in annn-...
O_O
D'awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
omg
what happened last night bro?
Why is Heavy hugging Medic?
omfg!
Abandon thread
WTF
THIS IS NOAH AND CODY!
Hahaha
o god
XD
LOL
HAHAHA
:D
LOL
Lol
lolololol
HEAVY WEAPONS GUY IS NOAH
:P
lol
XD
THE OTHER ONE IS HERALD
XD
:D
That is a good abandon thread clip
....what.
Rofl.
:D
WTF?!
WAT
HAHSAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
wtf
"This Fortress _really_ needs more chicks"
He just...flew off on an atom bomb?
wat?
The Vicious Cycle of F2P
What the hell is going on now?
;umm
OMG THEY ARE HAVING SEIZURES!
Crack party!
Wut
Lol
Meh. The previous one was better.
...WAT
What the fuck?
LOLWUT?
Entire team is on meth.
WTF
to much LSD bro...
What did He drink?
xd whAT IS THIS
:D
tf2 in a nutshell
Cocainum :O
BONK!
Don't drink that Bonk.
TF2 on drugs again...
HAHAHAHAHA
Cocainum
:D
lol;
lol
METH
lol
Whats this called?
:D
Dat stare.
cocainum
Wat
wat?
i got those specs on tf2 :)
What
creeper
lol
Ded.
lol
Sunglasses...over...the gas mask
pyro killed for farting
What
so simple
11,02DoctorTimeyWimey: O.O
show a vicious cycle
dat Earthbound music before this one :3
hey im not the only pyro with professor specs!
Hey bro.
has anypony seen the smile smile smile tf2 parody Fire Fire Fire yet?
Banjo Tootie music?
dafuq
11,02Hai sis ^-^
AND HERE COMES A GIANT FIST!
Where r u?
It's like RubberFruit.
11,02Home :<
bitch slap
WAT
I miss rubber fruit
WHAT
...
the internet at its finest.
Kablooey.
SONIC RAINBOOM
SONIC RAINBOOM!
These TF2 vids are WEIRD, man
SONIC RAINBOOM! :O
sonic rainboom!
wat
I got my paycheck (:
ded
sonic rainboom XD
SONIC RAINBOOM :O
NICE OBSERVATION
Dat slap.
:P
NICE OBSVERBATION
lol
?
This is the strangest thing I have ever seen.
What is this called?
Goddammit
lol
lolwut
Mario galaxy musicZ?
this is the internet fillies and gentalcolts.
The shit?
HAHAHHAHA
LOL
Smoke weed erryday
This is Team Fortress!
lets all smoke weed everyday
lol
Smoke Weed
Smoke weed errday!
Metal mario
lol
who's streaming?
Metal cap!
Yay weed!
:O
SuperBrony64|AFK: I got my paycheck (:
snoke weed every day
Dat refresh.
IshMangoPony: wreck is
Yeahhhhhhhhh!
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAH1
AHAHAHAHHAHAHA
YEEAAAAAH
Wat
'
11,02DoctorTimeyWimey: ME too :D
lol
this is done on garry's mod I think
what i came from making popcorn and i come to this
Lies
The fuck is this shit?
WAT:D
OMG IM SO ADDICTED TO BRONYSTATE
Yeah, that was not entertaining.
oh this one
gmod
with TF2 characters
I'm gonna head home now. Pick up mum ok?
Nope.
WTF
LOL
Nope
WE ONLY HAVE 10 MINUTES? :'(
oh gawd
Can somebody please tell me whats this called?
yep
Engineer no do anything.
10 minutes until movie night
WHERE YA GOIN
That's creepy
WAT
Smooch
scarry
xd
acs26: it's a gmod video about tf2,that is all i know
11,02DoctorTimeyWimey: Okie :3
hey girl
I am totally creeped out right now
creepy
Where ya hoing?
Where ya goin sport
smoke weed everyday...
I keep hearing about gmod, what's gmod?
and this is why you never should go engi
Poor Engineer.
what
the
I have a sudden feeling for youtube poops.
fudge
Garry's Mod
wait, dafuq?
freee bird
DUN DUUN DUUUUUN
lol
its a bomb
A bomb!
OohShiny: Garry's mod
onsteam
Sweet Child O'mine!!!
lol
WHOAAAAAAAAAA OH OH SWEET CHILD OF MIIIIINE!
HE IS THE ONE
on steam
Faggot bomb?
dafaq?
*
Like a boss!
o crap srry mind fart
wtf is going on
LOLOLOLOL
lol
...
god, jesus.
what is Garry's mod
:D
Oh no.
dun--dun dun dun dun dun!--dun-dun dun dund un
:I
lOL OH NO.
;D
just 10 mins yey
low im playing Tf2 now
Animation making program?
7 mins..
bobble head snaipa
AM I LATE
OohShiny one of the mods is named Gary?
random dude
scumbag scout
random citizen
Dat story.
NO!
no
the spy :D
nuuuuuu
Dat Spy.
use the frontier justise engineer
Yes, credit to team.
...
LOL
Hahaha
lol
LOL
XD
GOD DAMN IT SCOUT
HAHAHA
That blue spy
rotfl
:D
Dammit Scout!
SPAH
What?!
scout
Garry's Mod is a moddable game
:D lol
Slap]
DIE YOU B WORD!
05ok
Scout, what have you done?
And im playigng tf2 now
05this is last vid
lwal
Smack in the back of the head xD
wat
fuck! my connection!
He'll respawn.
lol
What
Sneaks you mother F word
?
Lol Elis!
ummm
<3
mango what was that for
xd
oh my
lolwut
Wooooooooooo!
wubs
mango what the heck
Elis has best dance moves.
since when could elis dance
:)
Oh boy
u dont touch that gun
Red Eye
No, don't touch Sasha.
its the heavys
Uh oh
what the shit is this
SASHA
you touched Sasha
Okay.
yup Gmod
lol
YOUMOTHERFUCKER DONT TOUCH SASHA
...
pwny tiem yet?
lol
Clock is ticking!
lol
lemur: nope :P
Upside down clock
lol
your going to be late motherf*cka
Happy Movie Night everyone!
:3
Ohai LadyCanary.
CLOCK IS TICKING!
only 7 minutes
hai LadyCanary
0,14oh hai LadyCanary
I need to GO to work.
Oh hey LadyCanary!
until movie night
i got my popcorn and im set
lol dat run
lol
Heavy quest
Dat walk cycle.
...xD
needs more brodyquest music
Hey there LadyCanary! It's been a while!
REFRESH
he forgot his gun
xd
What
WTF
PARTY HARD
Simply party hard.
Well I've been around a bit lately, Polydunami
wat
what
gotta love it
He has his gun in the breifcase.
october fest
OCKTOBER FESSTTTTTT
party soft.
Lol
pinkie approves dis
...wut
Party like pinkie pie!
what
the
Lol heavy at work.
heck
Party inside Pinkie!
his job sucks
is going on here
What is Ocktober fest?
work ends at 4pm?
LOTS OF BEET
SpadeMagnes[R]: A beer festival in Germany
BEER*
nice parking
I'M MISSING STUFFS.
SpadeMagnes[R]: it's a german harvests celebration on october
lol
SpadeMagnes[R]: Beer,fest.
y would u doo this
why would you do this
lol
couch yay
Who are they?
Coach!
also its Oktoberfest
couch?
this
ha
lol
is done
lololololol
LOLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOLO
lol
trololol.
on garry's mod
lol
XD
Poor Coach
I've been to the one in Ohio. :P
lawl
Sneaks one of the mods is named Garry?
here come the lol spams
Party hard
oh sheet
scarry
the game
?
o.o
http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-1Uzj-i433Vc/T5jSqNlnFrI/AAAAAAAAneU/vhd9uS6qEEw/s1600/the_magic_of_love_by_csimadmax-d4xo0n7.png
What
:O
is called garry's mod
he spary painted his gun o no
Dafuq
:O
Oh no they touched Sasha.
X
...oh. My land. This won't end well.
you're fucked
oh no
XD
o god
Were doomed!
wat uh oh
Banjo Kazooie music
:I
they are dead
Where's the medic?
OSHIZ
And children, that's why you take your gun to work
lol
NA!
were doomed :O!
:O
lol
I think that was Donkey Kong 64, SpadeMagnes[R]
I MEAN YES!
we shall sing them the doom song
demopanned
there he is
OKTOBERFEST!!!
There he is.
lol
greetings
lol
:D
Demopan?
Demopan!
Slam
nooo
buffer
ouch
greetings [ger] :)
It was just a dream.
ROMANCE!
True love.
soashua
Still a better love story than Twilight.
Better than Twilight
:'(
ice cream
it must
<3
<-
IT IS PRINCESS CADENCE AND SHINING ARMOUR!
lol
True love.
I would buy this movie.
He will
they replacd the gun?
Sneaks: ....which is which? x3
What did they do?
my best friends name is sasha...oo
4 minutse :(
He will and he will murder you.
I'm unconvinced.
This is best shepard
Meanwhile: They have your name in it lol
the big weapons guy is princess cadence
Dat can can
:D
XD
lol
Cancan.
Dick Shep
the gun is shining armour
shepard
What is this?
Its Sumica
anything is better than twilight, even my love for noodles.
lol
Heavy is just a big ol' teddy bear :3
lol
Dat running.
We got to stop that cart.
00,10whats me?
Sneaks: LOL
poor scoot
wow
3 minutes left!
yep
SCOOT
Sooo does anypony know what the movie is gonna be, or is a surprise
Sumica: dickshep
Yay
ooo crushed
lol what are we watching
lol
Sheperd rules^^
lol
05sumica = dickshep, i would never have guessed
You rang?
and owned
00,10ahhhhh
HAHAHAHAHA Owned
wat
Sumi sumi :3
like queen crysalis
wat
Dat landing.
Nope
Baxter: it's "War games"
omg
owned
epic pwn
Ooo
lol
Dat space man
n7 amror
:P
shep you dick
and thank you Sergio
Oh no.
It's a pimp named slickback.
Lag.
SImpson's car?
back
lol pimps
got kicked
Baxter: no problem :P
lol
again
Can I call him Slickback for short?
brb
Awwwww shit!
Never touch Demo's car.
hey look up does he look like a bitch tf2
EspyLacopa: Hell naw.
pimp demoman :D
13http://youtu.be/bkP_sJty7EY nice
unload on them *****
What?
BANG BANG BANG
lol
COCK IT BACK!
N***a moment
UNLOAD!
uhh
Beep Beep Beep.
1 MIN!!!
NIGGER!
But you didnt have to CUUUT HIM OOOOFF
0,14No video links during stream, young lady
NIGGA NIGGA NIGGA NIGGANIGGA
I want to quote the movie but I don't want to spoil anything. I wish not for a repeat of Holy Grail.
:(
UNLOAD IT, NIGGER!
13pff it's regulars we are lax here
At least there's no Stickmeanie.
13besides it's sfm well done
poor francis :'(
lol
13so there
Why is there an advert. in the middle of my screen!?!?!
05best part of this vid inc
13and besides besides i have vivi wub, your argument is invalid
It'll dissapear
Fuck
BowDownToTheSocks cause this is the internet
....What did you say, nyugu?!?
Lol Heavy will find out.
Yeah sure.
No.
1 minute to MOVIE NIGHT!
Owned
...
lol
BowDownToTheSocks: because you don't have adblock!
Wut
0,14YOU BROKE DA LAWWWWWWWWWWWWW
But I'm still faving that vid.
why buffer like shit?
0 mins!
MOVE!
Da fuq?
Dat face.
dat Hungarian Dance No. 5 :3
13YOU BROKE THE RUUUUUUURUUUUUS
START DE MOVIES
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
wut
:D
LOLOL
pft LOL
lol
hahaha
GET DA POPCORN
Sasha is Spy.
lol wtf
A spy gun?
uh oh
Everyone's gonna be mad?
lol minnispy
EAT THE NACHOS!
SPY :D
lol
MY POPCORN ISH REDDY
lol
Regenerating heads!
HEAVY RAGE
He did it.
Crep.
Spai ish best gun
@Tassadork I feel like you're advertising
1 minute :'(
...talk about mind blown
ded
*pause*
crap
XD
lol
:'(
NO
o god
Heavy punch.
rocket scoot
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
queen crysalis
he can fly
TIGER UPPERCUT
reloaded
XD
it is time
I REGRET EVERYTHING1...NO!
BOOM Sasha laka~
Haters gonna hate
lol
lol dem flail
best movement
Wat da fuq.
NO NOT MOVIE NIGHT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
random soldier
11,01Hi.
Oh no is that panis cupcake.
Wat da faw
movie night
lol
0,14http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J548XM9-jKU
faq
starting after this
aw poor sasha
0,14ruuuruu
hurray!
D:
Hello guys, sorry for being absent for two weeks!
mad world
Happy Movie Night.
Poor heavy.
Nuuuuuu
faces
W00t movie night!
Nooooooooooo!
places
Bjornfot! :D
Sasha is dead! :(
SASHA NO!
donie darko lol
ha it's ok Bjornfot
:'(
Love this song
:'(
Good sont
sasha D:
:'(
NOT THE CAMO
NOOOO
Im so sorry heavy, i feel your pain
I love this cover of the song.
faggot
Fagget
I hate that word
I think it's time we play a game.
Better drink my own piss
Sounds like one long rolling r.
Cigarette.
Stay away from me with that word.
Seriously.
Ew, that's pee.
so the heavy is a bunch of sticks ?
:3
what
11,01Weeeeeeeeeeeeeee.
After the video of course.
?
Jarate?
lol
Rattle me bones.
WHAT are they doing?
?
Iron_Waffle: Huh?
?
DRUNK
....yuck.
?
sup bitches
Bjornfot, otakon isn't going to be here anymore, how will you go on without being able to molest him?
Out of bullets better drink my own jarate
xd
omg
:O
=o
RAPE!
MFW I'm not the only one offended by profanity.
:O
IshMangoPony: WAT!
Oh. MY. LORD
Good evening
lol it say friday Movie night 1 minute ago
/me can be a potty mouth ._.
o_o
lol
Dat Bjornfot.
My computer just had a seizure 0.o
after this clip
How long is this vid?
ooh
wtf
lol
ITS MOVIE TIME WHERES THE MOVIE
A funeral... really?
lol
is this the movie ?
movie night will start after this clip
Almost over.
/me prefers the Shep RAEP FACE
a funeral?
11,01Lol
for a gun?
Not saying this isn't funny.
Is this sasha's funeral or the scout's?
lol
?
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
anon3mous345: after this video
?
oh source videos, u so frighteningly disturbing and funny
Such emotion from the team
/me 11,01is going to cry now. rgw3berbrebwe
ITS SO EMOTIONAL!
howdey everypony!
ouch
Why don't you clean it off?
Faceplant
lol
Bjornfot I said otakon isn't going to be here anymore, how will you go on without being able to molest him?
:D
So, it's Friday night, I believe
buffer!
05,15Guys think about it. Gmod videos are a thing of the past now that Source Filmmaker exists
Bjornfot: Is it weird that I read that in Dom's voice?
LadyCanary: You called? http://files.sharenator.com/shepardrapeface_Reaction_faces_part_2-s936x510-159325.jpg
buffer?
Dramatic buffer
Die Buffer!
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
YAY GO SASHA!
:O
IshMangoPony: what what what WHY!?
fluttercry: that makes me sad
NOOO
cliffhanger
here we go guys!
wtf buffer
It's clean, so now the Heavy is happy.
fluttercry: gmod videos will never be part of the past.NEVER
Yar!
wat
For those who are missing otakon, the internet at his home is out for the forseeable future. He'll be on occassionally from his local library.
Hi everypony!
here we go guys
move tiem?
Movie tiiiiiime
movie night
Hi Calcos323 :)
Who?
2 minutes ago?
lol friday movie night 1 minute ago]
pause for dramatic affect..
Moth on my screen, y u no go away?
lol
/me fills the chat with popcorn
link for this one,while the buffer...buffers...
Its friday niiiiiight!
:O
IT'S FRIDAY NIIIIIoh wait, its too soon for that.
11,01I don't think you'll get the fun of crazy facial expression with source film maker.
Buffer dammit
11,01But I dunno.
wtf 2 mins ago?
Just got my new computer, so this'll be my first stream with it!
MOVIENIGHT OMGOMGOMG... Wait Dafuq?
Are we playing Sims now?
HUZZAH!
GMod = XviD. SFM = h.264
/me noms on SparklyWaffles popcorn
hello everypony
Hi everypony.
Bjornfot because otakon's been leeching off his neighbors wifi which has stopped working
hi xxMoopyxx
the bufferscreen
Twilight is reading up on how to solve the buffering
Hi
hey Calcos323 how've you been
hahaha
Everyday we're bufferin' :$
Hey xxMoopyxx and Pudgeotto :)
awwwww
hai xxMoopyxx
daww
yay movie night
alexxm: Very good, thanks for asking.
fillies!
ponies :)
and Stream
D'awww
D'awwwwwwwwwww
:)
Sumica, is that you?
HHHHHHNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
refresh ponies
lol
HHHHHHHHHHNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
GMod=VHS. SFM=DVD
hey felles
DAWWW
11,01Sumica!
Awwwwww!
d'aww
trolololo
NOOO
Inb4 toot.
Oh no the diabeetus
PINKIEQUREST!
inb4 toot
where can i find that picture
/me gasp
PINKIEQUEST
11,01Oh boy.
lol
yay
Evening everypony^-^
:)
IshMangoPony: Mannn, that sucks.
05,15Oh lord
YAY :(
inb4 toot
haha i saw this
:0
here comes the toot
Brody quest?
we are a minute behind on brony movie night. This is the worst thing to happen in all of recorded HISTORY
05,15Here we go
...Oh bod.
Prepare for TOOT spam
:)
TOOT SPAM TIME
so fresh
earbuds. asplode
:)
yay
where movie?
:D
inb4 toot spam
Prepare for TOOT
:D this video!
:D
It'S PINKIE NIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!!!!!It'S PINKIE NIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!!!!!It'S PINKIE NIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!!!!!It'S PINKIE NIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!!!!!
how do i find that picture that just pulled up?
I'm guessing you've never played Gears of War?
Toot
Bjronfot so how will you go on without being able to molest him?
toot
wherw's my movie?
/me molests GabeMoist
sorry
princess molestia music
WOOOOOOOOOOOO
*headbangs*
inb4 ttoo
This is strange
DAMMIT, PINKIE.
05,15ANYA!
go pinkie go!
Did see that season 3 clip?
PINKIE!
O_o
Meanwhile: to the toot shelter?
/me puts up his Toot shield
STOP BREAKING THE FOURTH WALL!
eeyup
/me eats his popcorn casually
O O O O O O o o
Squallken: just right before i came in here
should show season 3 clip after movies
Hello everypony!! :)
this is so popcorn worthy good thing i got alot of it :D
I gots pizza!
/me giggles
can we?
PINKIE STOP BREAKING THE FOURTH WALL!
05Squallken: no spoilers
HELLO
y nopony answer? y no movie now?
/me waves hand "There is no movie"
Hello ponyloverforeva :)
wait, I NEED MAH POPCORN!!!!1
Heartbroken Twilight is most tear-inducing Twilight
Hey ponyloverforeva
TACTICAL TOOT INCOMING, ITS OVER!!!!!
:)
Toot
Hello Ponyloverforeva
Squallken you mean the Twi and Spike then yes
05,15Guys, get in my toot shelter! It's made of Modtanium!
She never gives a damm to anythink around her
brb everypony
\join #twilight_sparkle
Brumak.
where be the movie
BUFFER! Noooo!
Unnr: wrong slash ;p
dat pinkie
\join #twilight_sparkle
i dont think think there was any spiolers
/me gets in fluttercry s shelter
Calling Bella Swan or what ever her name is a protaganist is insulting to protaganists
no
no! i shall not
shit^^
season 3 clip was awesome
/me prepares a huge plate of waffles
wheres pinkie going to?
spoiler alert, I will eventually go to bed at some point tonight
Uh oh poo poo
I forsee an intense amount of toot.
this is my first movie night
Where ISNT she going
IshMangoPony: *gasp*
/me eats the wffles
/me 11,01hugs LadyCanary
POPCORN MAKE ME STRONG
:D Welcome then, bronyfever!!!
So when does the movie start?
....huh. Didn't work!
IshMangoPony Le Gasp:O
i got popcorn and a gaterade im prepared for anything pinkie
I know whats gonna happen
First night tonight!
sounds like that annoying iphone ringtone
Squallken: nope but its nice to see Twilight getting another full fleged song. Ans spike.
same here, bronyfever
4 minutes ago 0_o
TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT
TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT
Toot
toot toot toot toot
TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT!
Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot
toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot
toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot
toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot
toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot
Pinkie's just distracting us while they look for the old VHS tape of WarGames
TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT
toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot
toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot
0,14TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT
TOOT
....
TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
TOOTTOOT
toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot t
oot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot to
TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT
TOOT
O_O
TOOT
Toot Toot Toot Toot Toot Toot Toot Toot Toot Toot Toot Toot Toot Toot!
Toot
ot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot
TOOTTOOT
goin evaraywhere
TOOT
I'd very much like to know the reason why the movie is not here at this present time, please.
WOAh
too spam!
TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TO
OMG
TOOT! TOOT! TOOT! TOOT!
wall of toot
all the toots
o god
nice Meanwhile..
OMFG
It's my first one too
WHAT THE FUCK?!
05,15ALL THE TOOTS
TOOT
STOP SAPMMING
Spam much.
XD
woah
JESUS
toot toot toot toot
/me 11,01synths
omfgwtf!
TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
Pinkie youre so random ^-^
So much toot spam
toot toot toot
TOOTTOOT
TOOT
tooy
Spam O.o
SO MUCH SPAMMING!
TOOT TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
I was not prepared
tootis
lulz
TOOT
>...
0,14OH GOD XD
TOOT
So... War games
Mfw my wall was so large it killed me in one message
IS THIS THE WHOLE MOVIE
Spoiler: Pinkie walks across the screen while tooting
TOOT
0,14TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT
TOOTIS
toot
How did pinkie pie get into cloudsdale?
SO MUCH TOOT
Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot
toot
toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot
toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot
toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot
toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot toot Toot toot toot toot toot toot
toot
so many toos
I cant stop laughing
TOOT
STOP BREAKING THE DANG FOURTH WALL
toot?
...Toot.
lol
TOOT
TOOT TOOT TOOT
toot toot toot toot
tewt
tootootootootootootootoot
inb4 +
tootototoottotototototototototottoototototot
CONFOUND YOU PINKIE!
TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTO
Nooooooooooooooooooo
i hate spam
0,14oh god Meanwhile
TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT
tactical toot strike
please stop
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:S:[:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:S:[:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:S:[:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:S:[:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:S:[
toot
Wat?
TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT
The chat. You derped it.
down in front
TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
wait, a minute!
ohboyherewego.jpeg
wtf?!
08,01wheee
AND YOUR OBSESSIVE TOOT'S!
<3
tototototototototototototototoototo
:/
Brony4Eva: twilight speel and her ballon
TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
SPAM FOR EVERYONE
toottoototototototototo
TRÖTTRÖTTRÖTTRÖT
a wild mane6 appeared
TOO MUCH SPAM
O_O
TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT
toot toot toot
TOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOTTOOT
It's an eighties movie about video games that DIDN'T suck
moviee!
00,10Ok then all side rooms are now open
The toots are in my head!
TODAY ISN'T APRIL FOOLS DAY
pinkie pie is best ponie
Ikr.
toot
0,14IT'S FRIDAY NIIIIGHT
where is my cheese?
soo much spam!
my chat derped twice
IT'S FRIDAY NIGHT!!
*Gets crushed by toot* X_X
IT's Friday NIIIIIIIIIGHT
IT's FRIDAY NIGHT!
YAAAAAY
Everything changed when the fire nation attackeed
yay
friday night
ITS FRIDAY NIGHT
YES IT IS
YES! FINALLY!
FRIDAY!
Friday Night!
it's FRIDAY NIGHT
LOL
ISH NOT EVEN APRIL
someone reanimate this with ponies
it is coming on
05,15followed by friday night.
WOOT!
So, it's Friday night, I believe...
FRIDAY NIGHT
IT'S FRIDAY NIIIIIIIGHT
0,14ES VIERNES EN LA NOCHE
08,01so what's happening in he-- OH GOD
It's Friday Night!
Iiiiit's saturday morning.
05,15ALL THE SPAM
Check the rules. They tolerate spam under limited circumstances. Such as TOOT.
everyone get ready
11,01toot
TOOTDAY
WE GET IT
YES, IT'S FRIDAY!
its friday night!
Sumica: Who made that thing at the bottom of the screen?
it's friday night
Sooo, is it Monday?
/me explodes from spam
its friday night!!!
it' friday night!
Its Friday Night! :)
YES WE GET IT!
AWW YEAAA
Hello.
FRIDAY NIIIIIGHT
IT'S FRIDAY NIGHT!
Is it saturday morning?
Its suturday morning^^
it's friday, it's friday
Should've gone in fluttershy's shelter.
MURRICA
FLANKS
aaand *mute
no its thursday
Actually it's Saturday Morning here.
FRIIIDAAY NIIGHT!
00,10SpadeMagnes[R], I did
START THE MOVIE!
Meanwhile: Dear God man, you took to an extreme
ITS FRIDAY NIGHT!!!!!!!
wegetwitgwetertrrtrt
Well what do we have here? Also, hello everypony!
It's Saturday morning!
Its Friday night!
It's friday friday gotta get down on Friiday
FRIED EGG NAAIGHT!!!!
hate those guys
FRIIIIIIIIIIDAYYYYY NIGGGGGGGGGGHT
11,01It's Sumi night.
IT'S FRIDAY NIGHT
0,14FRIDAY NIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT
hamulu!
WOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
FRIDAY NIIIIIIIIIIGHT
Technically it's morning for me :$
its friday night
:3 My cousin is next to me joining us for movie night~
It'S SATURDAY MORNING!
FRIDAY NIGHT :D
saturday morning
Spoiler: It's Friday Night!
FRIDAY NIGHT
wait
ITZ FRIEDAY KNIGHT
It's sunday, Sunday, SUNDAY!!
woak
/me dances
yay!
I hate this vid, gonna be honest
It's Knight Friday!
Is it so bad to dream of a world without buffer or spam? Is it?
The wonders of multiple lines via copypaste.
Get on with the show already!
It's the Information Age!
ITS FRIDAY NIIIGHT!!!! *Dances*
MegaMoonShine it's friday, even if it's saturday :3
BRONY SUCK AMD ARE GAY !!!!!!!!!! LOLZ
guys did ja hear, it friday night
it's friday night btw;)
whats do they say on EU movie night?
dance montage
What is this clip from?
Somepony convince me to stay for the movie cause i haven't seen it.
spoiler: the butler did it :O
*dances*
/me dances with everyone
Wow... Dang toot spam locked my chat for a few moments... WOAH!
/me dances
It's Daylight Saving Time!
Get on with it!
:O
05,15dat hit and run
luv this part.
Yeeeah!
Aww, that was my kill :(
Fuck of R3v then
Hi Skype
XD
Wargames is a damn good movie
Bitch got da moves!
Well, hope we enjoy the movie!
Azuredragon: its an awesome classic
i dance like him
/me hugs Meanwhile, SaxyPretender and fluttercry because it's mothafukin fraidai nait
lol skype
i spy a skype
skype!
its not firday its thursday
R3v, then why are you here?
skype!
its friday EST Eastern Standard Time (New York)
it's fridany the 13th
the movie be starting!
Where is that clip from?
hi skype
...wut.
did anyone else sse enternet explorer?
Yeeah!
/me hugs Bjornfot
Skype wants in
Bjornfot how will you survive not being able to molest otakon?
05jsut quick notice
Hooray Frahday naht
05no need to respond to the blatant haters
So, what's the A movie?
I... don't know D:
Sooo much toot.
05you jstu make things worse
05,15Also, side rooms are open
Also no talking about Season 3...
05and now i bid all of thee to enjoy the movies!
WalkerPony89 a high budget movie
The item to your left is your only weapon in the world's street fighter tournement
ps cant wait for saeson 3
Where was Gondor when that should really have been obvious?
the audiance is now deaf
no talking about S3 eh
About Season 3 *gets shot*
United Artists.
There were 64 toots in the video. I just type out "TOOT " and copy it. I paste it 8 times, copy that, and paste THAT 8 times. I remove the space and wait for Pinkie Pie to return from Cloudsdale
love this film
AUGH
I never actually saw the movie.
No allowed to talk about pony news :'(
havent seen this movie in ages
YEEEAH
IshMangoPony: You don't say? :P
spoler:season 3 is the third season
:)
I have a cat. BRING IT
05OH RIGHT
05no spoilers
05at all
00,10hey #bronystate "Shall we play a game?"
05in here
StinkomanFan: Twilight Sparkle. Come at me bro.
05zero toelrance
05that includes talkign about the leaked clip or the fuck it is form S3
StinkomanFan: A footstool. I AM GOD!
^^^^
StinkomanFan I have 4 B word
05also its late henceforth a shitload of typos
05anyways
11,01My whowas has failed.
4 B word?
Enjoy :)
I will definitely enjoy this movie
Where was Gondor when dat +m combo?
ok
what movie?
Nurse_Discord: Your what?
war games
AAAAAUUUUGGGGGHHHHH FFFFS
StinkomanFan (it translates to 4 cats bitch)
leo mcgarry!
War Games
A strange game. The *shot to prevent spoiling the quote*
/me glomps Wrek
is the name of this movie
Sumica: How about Chess?
Wargames I think it's called.
it is
Why doesn't bronystate have a fari talk room, one where anything goes, enter at your own risk? :)
has anypony seen AgentKalim on in awhile?
For fluff's sake :[
/me noms Wreky :3 say hi to my couuusin~
yay!
INSERT YOUR KEY!!!!!!
are those police?
yay!
Its about war and games.
Hi
=][']=[==][']['
\[
yay for nukes
did i here a squee
a very young leo...
Secret Door!
0,14Also, side rooms are open
You can't wield four cat blades!
some kid somehow gets control of a missile base or something and thinks it's a game, but it's all real
turn your key*
richfiles: It does have that
woops sorry
turn your key*
EggoMaidusWhite: it's about games of war :P
fastest elevator ive ever seen...
00,10because there is a ton of them on the network already richfiles
I'm a wargamer so I should like this movie?
cp mode
1,1,1 uhh... 1
Shenanigans ensue
That's not how cats work!
Please stand clear of the doors.
what's this film called?
Nurse_Discord what exactly are you trying to accomplish?
i seen this lol
11,01There
Beepbeep
I can't decide between fullscreen and chat T.T
Until S3 begins, the only thing I want to know that I don't know already is when it begins. That wouldn't count as a spoiler, would it?
StinkomanFan watch me
lol i just noticed it`s friday i dont really care cause it`s the summer
turtlegod98: war games
coveralls, lulz
Have we spoiled it now?
Im turning on some Pokemon music while I listen to this
05richfiles: because there already exists room outside of bronystate that gives you that. and we dont want to have a shithole like that under our roof
11,01Ban the troll
that was just the door to the fridge
FINALLY
HEY
There's enough room to swing four cats in here.
lol
00,10You about got that nitt?
ooh classic
Huh? Really? The only links I got are bronystate
Stuffjusthappened, two screens = best of both
There was a troll?
11,01I got it.
any one urinating in this area will be discharged ...
Wait... what movie is this?
/me Here Lies IshMangoPony.
I need to pay more attention. .-.
wait i dident
SpadeMagnes[R]: Wargames
Wargames
he was called rv something
SpadeMagnes[R]: war games
wargames?
why arent the rooms separated i nthe chat?
StinkomanFan wat?
/me he died of blood loss after the second one
so many beeps
A bowl of grill chips. bring it.
So many buttons to press.
lawl
HEY
00,10Precusive mantanance
sir turn your
I wish i had 2 screens ;(
key
R3v?...Dammit, he found me
Buttons!
beep boop beep
Operatorpony: They are, this is mane chat.
this is gonna be good
dat nuclear war head
/me is actually very much alive
so what will the ponies think of this movie
If this alarm starts beeping, hit this butto nto turn it opps
HEY
capture the point
Just died in Portal 2
needs a Kerbal atop
what happened!
turn you're key sir
Jei
Dropkick?
beep beep beep....
Evening Ponies
Quick_Thinker: they will like it ? :P
/me and plenty of blood
Missiles, with a long second I, like the ol' Brits
I hate it when videos get removed from youtube still stay in your playlists
This is a b movie?
kill it with FIRE
i hope so
TangoTango?
*a movie
That's as bad as a blue strip!
Nope
break break rainbowdash alpha
Tango the Tango?
hey major watch the spam dude
What a wonderful name, your mother loved you
Oh, then yes
delta lemur?
Wargames
D T
so many letters!
Tango Sucka
err L
05richfiles: bronystate has several rooms. but you only join the main one by default
StuffCrusader: Lima
it looks more like a sci-fi b movie
Well, the zero tolerance policy on S3 spoilers is going to turn Bronystate into a sanctuary from all that. I honestly hope it does.
S H R C B M U E V S E G
I just died in Portal 2. When Wheatley said there was a pony farm, I finally caved.
oh lol
Go get the intelligence!
Deenar
I'm gonna go watch Doctor Who :3
launch code
seems abit convoluted
ShadowQuill: :D lol
old school HTTPS
ShadowQuill: me too
Fire ze missiles!
:(
Untill recently I figured EQD was a decent site
:D
IT WAS FUN
That it does
missle launch initiated
fire THE MISSILE
They is gonna fire a rocket.
whats going on
That just reminded me...
Apperently they like to spread rumors
Now I am hungry. NOM TIME
ShadowQuill, you sure showed that pit who's boss.
omfg
lets launch this bad boy
There was an episode of Suits on USA yesterday...
Gently set it now.
FIRE ZE MISSIELS
are you sure this is a material
11,01Gonna end the world.
NUCLEAR LAUNCH DETECTED
they are bombing the moon
And they said that word.
Someone made over 25 kills! Fire Tactical nuke!
0,14yep
The MOOOOOOOOOOONAH
nuclear bomb!
oh shi-
Run Luna!
0,14legendary movie
ah..
It looks like it because every movie from the eighties involving computers do
00,10ready the kerbals
I love this map
05,15Yes, this movie is a classic
Anyone have bananas?
:D
So talking about S3 is genereally forbidden here on bronystate?
THIS JUST GOT REAL!
YOU CALLED FORTH THE THUNDER, NOW REAP THE WHIRLWIND!
Apparently it's held in pretty high regard.
this movie was made when the sovietics wore still around :P
Sumica: Nooo, not the kerbals!
launching to the moon to find luna
SO many buttons
It's so nice to be able to run a proper stream now
I've never personally seen it.
I have yet to see anything interesting happen
05,15Fou_Lou no spoilers at all
ACTIVATE SONIC RAINBOOM
FIRE THE MISSLE but im really tired WELL HAVE A NAP THEN FIRE DA MISSLES (end of ze world FTW)
Can I get a Link to the twilight room... I actually did not get a link when I started chat.
Enable all the things!
Nuclear Friendship Bomb ready
SO many buttons
smoke smoke smoke
Since when did USA allow major swears to be on their shows?
no fluttershy, now is not yay
FIRE THE FRIENDSHIP NUKE
Awwwwwwww shit!
TO TTHE MOON!
It's been like 4 minutes -.-
smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke smoke!
Nurse_Discord you remind me of Nittay_Discord
Rainbow Nuke
Time to nuke the Aztecs
Capture point enabled. Get! MOVING!
oh s*** Fallout Equestria is about to begin :O
OH SHI-
RIP Kerbals
and already I'm bored
IshMangoPony, SCREW THE PROCEDURE
Who are they firing to hte moon?
fluttercry: Thanks just wanted to clarify so i know what not to do.
I hope he pressed the right button
20
05,15War....War never changes
Launch code is "be sure to drink your ovaltine"
fallquestria!
sweat
11,01mishia: Same person.
20 million!
Nightmare Moon is being attacked with a friendship nuke
Go!
Launch the balefire bombs!
They just accidentally launched a Nuke
what is this?
War has changed
Its getting fired to Sector Z
or does it?
9!
T minus 800.
0,14LIES, fluttercry, Solid Snake said war changes
5!
5
acs26: Wargames
GET STARFOX ON THE CASE STAT
richflies:You must remain in rainbowdash room now! Its to late!
What's the plot of this movie?
"Wargames"
rain-nuke in 5 4 3 2 1 BOOM!
How is that NOT worth it?
ONE!
2
This film is good.
1
Blast Off!
Turn your key, sir!
We need Starfox to shoot it down!
Turn your key, sir!
spy!
Too tired to watch it again though.
War. War NEVER CHANGES, Saxy
05,15SaxyPretender yeah? Well freaking RON PERLMAN SAID IT DIDN'T
o god
whoops
Shooting in a room full of buttons: never a good idea
It's a Spy!
00,02Turn your key sir
lol
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
00,10welcome to the SGC
A RED SPY IS IN THE BASE!
No Saxy, Ulysees from Fallout: New Vegas said War Never Changes! >: (
SPY!
StinkomanFan because it hasn't shown to be interesting yet
0,14fluttercry, you starting?
A red spy!?
lookes good
shoot all the buttons
That's alot of fish
War changes when it never changes
a movie based on the cold war?
11,01Oh well. We'll start a nuclear war tomorrow.
00,02so glad i'm not that guy
John Wood?
Strangely happy music
that is the SGC :D
Did anyone kill a red spy on the way here?
I actually watched this movie a long time ago in school.
no
/me giggles
they are going to the stargate
just in time
Phase4 is best John Wood.
05,15You dare disagree with Ron Perlman!
SpadeMagnes[R]: Not that I know of, no
Then we still have a problem
someone doing trivia today?
This movie was on TV just a few days ago.
nope
This is some upbeat music for coming off of seeing a man threatened at gunpoint to launch a nuke
What was the name of the russian who was actually faced with that?
And a knife
Oh come on. It's a GAMING movie!
00,02so i've never seen this before
I got two red spies. They were disguised as babies. Damn red spies.
11,01Dammit.
hello my fellow regulars
00,10awwwwww I missed ladyC
Ron Perlman's a PANSY. Yeah I said it!
lol
Fluttercry: YOU DARE TO DISAGREE WITH ME?! DON'T YOU KNOW WHO YOU'RE DEALING WITH?!
How could it NOT be interesting?
pony_300: I know right
'Ello Bronysith
which hasn't done anything interesting yet
/me molests Bronysith
Bjornfot: nope
just kidding, he's likely not a pansy
(mashes the button, blows up 1/4th of the planet)
dat music
One does not simply say no to Bjornfot.
The nuke requires that two people turn the key in unison to launch. The one guy who was going to turn the key holding the guy who wasn't at gunpoint kind of undermines that.
Music so far is terrible
Weird police car.
00,10such peppy music
Bjornfot try molesting Stinko
Say, what's this button do?
/me molests Meanwhile
Puns puns everywhere
The sentry is a spy!
COLOUR OFF :P
*click* BOOOOOOOOOM!
/me dropkicks Bronysith into low orbit.
i missed the 14 minutes...what happened in the first 15 minutes?
Oh god why would someone ask this!
Why!
This is such an exciting action scene
ALL the TF2 references
no not that button
lets get this stuff started!
/me crash lands into Meanwhile
Ah, Stanislav Petrov
Okay so, I like this movie already.
Naz: Nothing, really.
11,01I lost the stream :<
dat metal door
how much time is the movie?
there was a red spy in the base
thick!
The stuff revealed for S3 were asked at the convention right?
Trapped FOREVER!
Naz you actually missed 6 or 7 minutes because we started late
thats a big door 0_0
11,01Back.
That's just the door to the bathrooms!
SpadeMagnes[R]: yes
Dat door.
o.
PROTECT THE BRIEFCASE1
people calmy walking in and out
love how people are still walking through the closing door
PaladinDrakkenwolf: yeah. References TO tf2 ^^
that would hurt getting stuck inbewtween them
Oh how cute, they're fighting~
god my power just went out
Yes, but we are not allowed to spoil.
:D
00,10they did a realy good job with this norad set
takes so long to close that door
MegaMoonShine: 1 1 1 uhh 1
this is Road To El Dorado?
Aperently some IDIOT asked if RD was confirmed for filly fooling
THE FUCK
Fou_Lou: do more I know its urks one of the mods
Help me red spy, you are my last hope
11,01And lost it again.
er mer gurd
and this is where we keep the arc of the covenant
Ah yes, this room.
my desktop ponies are whatching the movie too :D
JOHN! THE HAM'S GONE BAD
Hello everybody! How are you all doing this fine evening! I love you guys and I hope you're feeling as well as I am.
I love the NORAD set in this movie
Did anyone here ban a red spy? ...No? .... Then we still have a PROHBLEM.
Hello folks!
the war room ...of course
AttacktheAndalite: INCOMIIIIING! *smashes through door*
The control point is being contested
Filly Fooling?
OMG i remember this movie when i was a filly
er... what is filly fooling?
give that router a slap Nittany_Discord
LOL soviet russia
I want desktop ponies, but I have a stupid mac :c
alexxm, that's Area 51
soul: Gay
OMG THEY ARE HERE
It's Soviet russia :D
I love how poeple were casually going in and out of a door that was slowly closing and looked like it would never be opened EVER AGAIN
The female version of gay
War Games?
Alert! The enemy has taken our intelligence!
SparklyWaffles: I feel your pain :(
time to launch? someone say yes!....Please?
-_-
Why some one would EVEN ASK THAT is beyond me
Games War ?
doc
SparklyWaffles, desktop ponies is available for Mac :D
In soviet russia, ponies watch you
really?
Sparkly: Don't they have Desktop Ponies for Mac?
SparklyWaffles: i think they're making it for mac
oh look, BLU base
In soviet russia, ponies watch you.
and this is where we spy on humans on earth
man i do love the computers in older movies. always beeping and stuff. awesome
it was a "test"
This movie got 49% on Rotten Tomatoes
lool
this is a test
:O
this is blu hq
dang test
I managed to get 124,116 points in Adventure Ponies tonight ._.
And thus Team Fortress 2 began.
im going to soviet russia! > : D
Choice between fallout 3 or War games.... The choice is to tough!
Dat forehead
This is a test. This is ONLY a test.
I don't see any Intelligence yet
test = encite war
Naz: Rotten Tomatoes is crazy.
missile command you say
i played adventure ponies all day today
fluttershy is mad op
** Desktop Ponies has been out for Mac for more than like 6 months! **
I have yet to see anything that isn't conversation
Rated R
Sigh...
They almost accidentally the nukes
I have desktop ponies
IDMB is better than Rotten Tomatos.
they cant turn keys
05,15Not every second has to be fighting does it?
Turn all the keys
ya
We need Skynet
Is 1.42 out yet?
Derpy is watching with me <3
it's all computer fault :|
Mad with power.
gentlemen?
AI's ARE NEVER A GOOD IDEA
no you're out of line!
SkyNet all over again
bing
yes, but there has to be some fighting
lol
00,10Meanwhile at a skynet desgine meeting
wait which movie is this?
howdy doody
gentlemen
HOWDY DOODY!?
Why does no one learn!
pudgeotto: you get 50k+ if you beat the game without taking dmg
Howdy doodie Cranky Doodle!
05,15not in the first 10 minutes of the movie
And then IshMangoPony was Elvis Presley http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0vXxH1IEmQ
howdy doody is canon.
howy doody?
eeyup its skynet
HOWDY DOODY'S BACK!
Naz: war games
*howdy
oh.
05,15jeez, how would you handle The Godfather?
where is John Conner?
Sumica: yo.
Computer war plan!
the creation of skynet
Damn tootin'
Just ge tpeople WHO CAN TURN THE KEYS
YAY
YAY!
Yay!
Yay
yay
0,14>anniversary week movie was about computers going crazy
I wonder who is playing the president?
I think we should make Skynet toaster compatible.
"Will probably follow - that's a fact!"
yay
and this is how skynet won
When skynet says to launch the nukes, you LAUNCH THE FUCKIN NUKES
Yay, the world is in the brink of nuclear war!
We clearly need HAL9000
0,14>BMN movie is about computer going crazy
WAR GAMES got 97% on Rotten Tomatoes
0,14...this means something
prequel of terminator
then they found out the cumputers are accutully desceptacons
11,01Meanwhile, pinging Meanwhile. :p
O, a new terminator movie!!
I HAVE A GOOD IDEA FOR A SEASON 3 EPISODE!!!
ouo
the prequel
what? a new terminator movie?
And thus, HAL9000 was created.
The Godfather had people getting shot, thats interesting
We need to watch Maximum Overdrive, that movie where all the machines of mans creation go on a murderous killing spree
Huh apperently Meghan reads EQD
ShadowQuill: me too
that computer is not skynet,it's more like AMm from i have no mouth and i must scream :P
ShadowQuill: WHAT! WHAT! :O
Before the WOPR, we had the WOPR Jr.
Whopper. It's a type of burger
00,10would you like a Wopr with cheese?
WOPPER
Funny how all 3 Terminator movies changed the origin of Skynet. 1) Developed from scratch. 2) Reverse-engineered from Terminators from the future 3) A friggin' COMPUTER VIRUS
WOPR.
mmm wopr
DOUBLE WOPR
burgerputer
the.....wopr?
lol
sad life
THE WOPR HAS BEEN DOUBLED
haha
lol whooper
dat placed advertisement
The hoppa
sadly those are not as powerful as a cheap one you can get now
poor computer... what a life
WOPR? I wanna eat that.
TITLE DROP"
Title drop
The wopr, they must have bought it from mcDonalds
♪♫♪♫
the wopper is war canon.
wopr requested to be called skynet from now on
dat title drop
the WOPR looks like a counter for Burger King
So much war
lol skynet
lol pricless
but it has never won
mmmmmWopper's
id play that game
I wnt a WOPR
Ha, he said the title.
Dat namedrop
But I had no idea McDonalds made gov equipment
I knew the whopper was evil dam you Burger King

"SHALL WE PLAY A GAME?"
0,14yo dawg, I herd you like responses
Thats my apple
It's fat skynet
Octavia better sound regal
the WOPR, now available at your local Burger king
/me dusts Nittany_Discord.
Wow, it eats, breath, thinks of WW3..... That computer needs a life
MegaMoonShine: Everypony turns into fillies and they have to re-earn their cutie marks. This was all started by a new villain.
I'll 'ave a wopr and some fackin' diddy donuts
/me 11,01dusts Meanwhile
alexxm: i think the wopr reminds me more of AM from i have no mouth and i must scream
their hardware is at the mercy of Burger king
McDonalds owns even the military.
ShadowQuill: was it scootaloo?
the wopper is war canon.
skynet
NO
I forgot how speedy mane chat gets on movie night.
owlicious: No...
ShadowQuill: Wow, that sounds great :)
and for a kiddy meal you get a a missile
Replace every man with a strand of copper.
I do not know if this is a good idea.
never heard of that sergio_scriptor
fast food is war.
MegaMoonShine: Thanks!
Or is that Burger King?
oh snap
Meanwhile in the BronyState Chat
SOME ONE SMART
Ah Shit
Spectrum_Rush|Awake: yo.
We will
YES YOU WILL :[
yo Meanwhile
suuuure wont
So wait, I saw something about Anniversary Week? Is that this week?
Does The "Big Mac" control the remote drones
he will
Seattle
/me gives everyone an apple 
new vegas!
foreshadowing much?
SEELICON DYEODE.
IM ON A BOAT!
Hello Seattle
totally going to regret this...
Suddenly 80s music.
Oh look, everfree radio land!
alexxm: the evil computer that tortures the last human survivors for eternity ? oh well...
Oh god, not this kind of music.
why do I get the feeling they will?
I swear Octavia better sound Regal
Galaga!
05,15Who's excited for new episode chat speeds?
"you won't regret this" Never say that!
I miss arcades.
Galaga!
I love Galaga
11,01Pew
were not gonna take it
oh yah galaga!
dat advanced tech
aww yeah
I played the CRAP out of that game!
Galaga!!!
Galaga!
Oh god.
Meanwhile, in the arcade....
Hey, he's cute
thanks sergio_scriptor
an arcade! ... I wish we had one of those around here!
i wouldnt trust a hamburger to a nuke
HAI EVERYPONY
YESS!!! new highscore on mario
molestia music remix
pac-man
I remember that game
ah,80s mermories.
RIP Arcades :(
oh look galaga
I WUB DAT GAME
good ol arcade
oman
pac man :P
Whoppers! Someone go to the candy stand and get me a box
AttacktheAndalite: yo.
Back when Arcades and bikes were used much often.
I always play Galaga at the few arcades left around here.
0,14hey, it's that guy, he played Inspector Gadget :3
galaga
HE'S A NERD!
HAI AppleJackTheOneAndOn :)
DAMN
damn
I want an arcade
Where's Tron arcade?
such an awesome game
OHMAN OH GOD
Mane chat's reaction to Derpy in the last roundup crashed my computer.
OHMAN OH GOD
SEGA
I dont know how people can stand a chat that goes that fast
Damn!
Everyone in the arcade was this excited.
1337
WOKKAWOKKAWOKKAWOKAWOKKA
Howie and David.
sega ftw!
My grandparents had the arcade version in their basement.
suddenly want to play Kid Chameleon
So no.
me playing ponies adventure today: DAMN
i miss the 90s...
David? That's a good name :3
05,15Bueller...
/me 11,01makes game noises
05,15Bueller
Didn't Elijah Wood make a cameo here as a young kid?
Kurra, you +K'd me /)
Galaga is fucking amazing
-loses immediatly-
damn it! why could'nt i have been born then?!
11,01fluttercry:
the kid doesnt have school?
pew pew
lol school
Apparently not.
My uncle has an arcade machine with 40+ arcade games on it, including Donkey Kong, Donkey Kong Jr., Frogger, Pac-Man, Galaga, Burger Time, Xevious, Mr. Do, ect.
late for class agian i see
lol idk.
Warter
@-@
Your late for school!
That kid lost very quickly
wut happened, i was gone for a minute
die!
My life in a nutshell :D
WATERMELON
OH WAIT, NO, I'm thinking of the wrong movie.
MrBen: wasnt that in Back to the future?
00,10not much of a ninja
DAVID
explode!!
Warsh your hands in the cark greese
LUCKY :O
I prefered Yar's revenge IMO
Busted
Seem slegit
Jesus, new episode chat spam...
HEY THERE DAVID :P
stealth fail
Also, this MarDoWell chap in mane scares me a bit.
Sneak fail
His teacher sounds familiar.
F
one person laughing
f
F is for Fabulous?
0,14fluttercry, NOT ME
eeyup
yes!
Dat F
Way to be a dick teacher!
presents are magic
yes
F+
Fou_Lou: It was. I believe, yes.
F is for filly
11,01F for fantastic!
ITs a Super F!
4?
F is fo i dont give a fuck
My ptsd is acting up.
f for fantastic
F is for Festival
G+
A PIECE OF PAPER WITH F ON IT :O
owlicous: absolutely
what happened to 3?
05,15aww saxy you know you love it! Remember the derpy episode?
F is for FUUUU
lol
SCIENCE
dat humiliatin
F is for Frolic through all the flowers
0,14nope
fucked!
my desktop rarity is displeased by this teachers lack of class
F is the first letter of my name
F is for Fanfuckingtastic
because they can!
Well to be fair, that's what happens if your late for school?
F is for fucking awesome
becuse of magic
ohhhh thats why she was laughing
love
Polarity
lul idk.
Sounds legit
Wuv?
love
*facehoof*
love?
WindWhistler, there's something like that at my church too (although it's never on). I think it's called iCade
f is for fun guys
05,15oh that's right I forgot
0,14I missed it remember? =P
/me throws biology textbook at her
Of course its not love. The anwser is Tolerance.
F is for fun.
entire class full of idiots.
It's true though.
ohu
wuv twue wuv
they taste salty :/
i wanna slap that teacher
Magic *snort8 *snort*
F is for friends
F is for Fail
Lucky you.
Teacher is a dick, class is idiotic
ol snap
perfect match
oh right, nitrogen fixing bacteria
fucked!
I missed a fair bit of the derpy episode
This teacher is a MAJOR dick.
I do but now your just being mean.
perfectionist
F is for friends who.... something something
11,01F for fire the burns down the whole town.
Due to me having to restart my computer
oh, this teacher is an asshole
F's! F's for everypony!
OMG SHE TALKED SHETALKEDSHETALKEDSHETAKLKEDOGEWGNEWGRGRH
F F F F F F F F F F F A FOR AJ F!
immature kids.
this teacher is awesome
That ^
13fire?
Thanks to the chat detonating it.
wut
OUR HEROS LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
hahah
05,15...am I the only one that kind of likes this teacher?
For 2 straight minutes.
should i downlaod ilivid theres a thing on my screen
I mean what is so great about living forever?
....who "suggested" it?
kids don't give a fuck about grades oO
wut
Sax
Parents?
woah
This teacher is Crocker.
IMATURE LIKE A BAWDS
would've been funny if the girl was immediately launched through the window after her answer
F is for Hunchback of Notre Dame ALL OVER AGAIN :|
reproduction without sex?
jk i know
awww snap
your wife?
I love this teacher :D
MAFFYEW BRARRK
Your mom
what'd he say
Your wife?
asexual reproduction is best reproduction
hahahaha
11,01Beesexual?
who would be a worse teacher this guy or edd rooney
It's the Mac.
everyone's high
trololololol
the word sex is funny.
your wife?
lol sex *giggle*
RosePetal: nah, not insane enough
HAHAHAHA he said sex now we laugh.
LOL SEX IS IN THE NAME
xD
Ceesexual
FUNNEH
tho NOT paying attention is class is highly unrespecting from the class. bitch studens
bow chika bow bow
Your wife?
cannot unsee Nittany_Discord
your wife?
hahaha
sex sex sex sex sex.
:D
F is for Friendship is...nah that's too obivous
OH SNAP
BURN
OH SNAP
BURN!
lol
OH SNAP
:O
BURNED!!
lol
snap
oooooooooooohhhhhhhh
DAAAYYYYYYUM
derpy did
ooooo damn!
OOOOOOOOH SHET
lol
ur wife!
TEACHER GOT BURNED :D
OHSNCAP
SNAP!
He mad
05,15OHHHHHHHHH
GTFO!
gtfo
I wish someone would of recorded the manechat during the Derpy ep. Would of been a sight to see
owned
DAAAAMN
Owned!
05,15BURN!
BUUUUUUURN
OOOOH SHANP SUN
13oh right wargames tonight
Ohi Zecora
Well a more toned down version of Crocker.
HERSHEL
OOOOHHH SNAP
ICEBURN
OHHHHHHHH
out now
BURN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kids' a badass.
best comeback ever
oh god why
Asexuality kind of takes all the fun out of making children, don't it?
GET OUT
That mad diss made me snarf, yo
SO DARK EN EDGY
trolololololololololololololololololololololol
hai Shizuka
I would've laughed at that joke. What a hardass
Anyone smell that?
Yfw they /did/ record that.
11,01Yep Shizuka.
BUELLLER
trolololololololololololololololololololololol
;) lol
trolololololololololololololololololololololol
0,14yep
fluttercry, I guess not. That's no way to treat a teacher.
Isn't that kid the guy in that 1998's version of Godzilla
lol
lololol
bueller
TROLL KID
See, that's why I wouldn't want to teach. I'd turn into that guy.
00,10shizu play a game
somtens burning
0,14we actually got new members thanks to that
This has happen before.
what attitude problem
anon3mous345, that is enough.
Meanwhile: Wasn't it only the Pinkie room?
They didn't record mane chat.
...that was recorded
It was only the Pinkie room.
13this was shizu in high school... partly
troll boy
11,01I wish I could stream Defcon.
HE'S GONNA CAN HIS BUTT
dumb password policy
lol
Irrelevant.
secure passwords
PAPAH!
stealth
Baxter he was also cameron in ferris buller
Think of that times 6
hack all the computers
05,15DocSane do like I'm working to do. Teach post secondary
00,10early phising
13they weren't stupid enough to write down passwords... they just always used "P@ssw0rd"
Worst password ever
the pencel has ben doubled the paper
genius!
13always
05yum yum i gotta say this avocado was of perfect ripe
Idiot teacher should have know better talking about reproduction like that in front of idiot class
double pencil all the way.
before dictionary attacks
Please apply cold water on the burnt area
What a Surprise.
hacks!
Oh
Hot damn
Dat 80s music
Who the fuck has pencil as a password?
No one could have recorded it.
HAX!
Dat 80s music.
confidential, but fun
old school hackers are best hackers
dat cAR!Q
It was too busy crashing people's computers.
Axel D
You woud'nt of been able to read it
SpadeMagnes[R]: Teachers?
she has a motercycle?
all dem Synths
Damn she missed....
CASIO ftw
Chick w/motorcycle
I want that car :$
LOL Girl on motorcycle
she laughs at everything!
fluttercry: Actually, I do very well with young kids.
lolwut.
SpadeMadnes[R] teachers
His Voice
Is there anything she dosent laugh about?
>girl runs him over with bike
00,10Spacebar is best password
>movie over
13have
so...how old are they?
see, they fixed that. Now they need upper and lower case, and numbers
13not of
girls on motorcycles
so whats the highest score anyone has gotten on Adventure Ponies?
hawt.
PLAYA!
hop on my motor bike
Card games on motorcycles!
WOOOAH
WERE'S UR HELEMT LITTLE GIRL?
So Password1 is more secure
WOAH
Girl playing cardgames on a motorcycle
Password is best password
red_ony: About 15 or 16.
Hey, it's that girl who is a loon in the Breakfast Club!
/me huggles Shizuka
WHOA!!!
Ladies Guy
Sumica: no password is bet password
11,01Password is best password.
WOAH!
Double pencil all the way across the page. yeah! YEAAAAH! So much lead.
vroom vroom
/me noms on Shizuka
123456 is best password
my password is cheese
it's funny I was watching yu-gi-oh abridged
I'll never go to school.
This reminds me of the animation Buck. :)
Man, this movie needs some card games to go with this motorcycle sequence.
CARD GAMES ON MOTORCYCLES!
thats a right
HE'S GONNA MAKE YOUTUBE COMMENTRIES
not a left
AlienWarhead: Hey thats the combo to my luggage!
All I saw in it was "DERPY" repeated over and over again
ohh, down boy
TURN LEFT NOW!
dog
Biology is the one class I got an A+ in
WOOF WOOF
woof
"Fuck you you bastard, i'm not giving you my password" is my password for everything
05,15...his voice is so different
Hi doggy.
WOOF
oh my god... she's gonna go out.... with a GEEK!
Indeed.
DUDE I think Buck might be based on this! o.o;
hi doggy
bow
ohai Bo.
goggie!
DUEL MONSTERS ON TWO WHEELS
Bo.
i want a dirt bike.
00,10Bo is around to keep an eye out for termniators
Hi doggie
Bo is the most creative dog name. :3
dem sound effects
didn't the movie "Hackers" told ud the 4 most bestest passwords?
Bow down to your ruler.
dirt bike is canon.
i name my dog BO YO
sex!
Is it Bo or Bow?
bobobobobobobo
diddutz: Indeed
Sexy time
oh, thats whats going down
Bow
sextiem
SEXY TIMEZ!
yeah, i think they were love, god, password, something
Pretty sure Bo is the name of the president's dog
obviously
computers
Bobobobo Bo Bobobo?
sadly Bo barks at everything
Oh, his computer...
00,10hide da porn
SpadeMagnes[R], yup
Lol it's a date.
05,15did he say "herb" is upstairs?
undies
sit on the bed?
and then they did it
dat 80s computer
CLEAN THE BED
Porn everywhere, man
hurry, hide the porn
>Gamer
little is an understatment
lol
>No NES
OOh comput- oh there obsolete
8 INCH FLOPPY!
Nerd
>Or Sega
Dat 80s everything
dat floppy
00,109in floppy
hide the mlp!
FFFFFFFFFFF
Must. Delete
holy fuck this is old
that dail up modem
That's okay back then bedrooms were always messy.
come up to my room, bring condom-- wait this is the 80's STD's and babies don't exist! WOOHOO
UUUUUUUUUUUUU
He's a PC gamer
History!
big floppy is big
Pudgeotto: I can't remember them though :P
old compeutor is old
xD
a Nerd Ladies Guy!
hax
This is so old
wow giant peice of crap
FLOPPY DISK FTW!
0,14Sumica, I've seen bigger
XD
WalkerPony89: pc gaming ftw
just another cool nerd
in b4 80s hacking
What
0,14XD
00,10So have I
dat modem noises
man i remember floppy disks
ancient modem
hax!
Sumica: Hide ya porn, hide ya tissues, and hide ya magazines 'cuz dey be wimminz everywhere up in here.
HAX!
Dialup...
Pencil
110 baud accoustic coupler modem
And no Cellphones.
this movie could be remaid
yay
That is a massive floppy drive
Dial up yay?
Hackers.
DAT WINDOWS 95
He was into PC gaming before it was cool
they don't even ask for user name
His nerdcave is impenetrable.
old school computers are best computers
that boy is a hacker
so old it hurts
I miss the 80s, and I wasn't even born then.
dat music
Stand back! I'm going to try science!
Isnt this illigal?
yay
yay is right
Who has pencil as a password?
yay
LOL thats a LOUD keyboard
Dat hacking
dem 80s hackers
>//: Launch Zork
eeyup its illegal
were is windows
RosePetal, his school
How the hell is he accessing it from home?
http://fav.me/d574ovo
80s computer.
00,10I worked with a C&C mill that uses a 17in floppy.
he makes them all A's
but everything changed when the fire nation attacked
*inhales* HAAAAAAAAAAX!
Bronysith: Wish I could be a PC gamer >.<
His initials are DLL
lol
11,01You deserved a G
iCarly copied this
that is an old program
he did.
Pencil is a bad password for a damn school.
swag
lol
wheres dr.hax?
At least he;s modest
o.o
i wish i were this awesome at hacking
Well he just did beyatch
U HACKAH!
0,14wow, that is a big floppy
I already did.
He deserved a T for 'Troll'
WalkerPony89: all you need is a 1500$ custom made gaming pc
He raises it a little
F A B
05,15I like how he's smart enough not to raise it to an A
So who did this first, this movie, or Ferris Beuller?
NA REALLY??
Home Ec.
TEACH ME MASTER!
lol Home Ec
A's, B's & an F?
lol
soo...are we supposed to root for this douche?
not all the top
TEACH ME MASTER!
"You can't do that!" "I JUST DID!"
Give her a Z
G0 computers are best computers
> //:Launch Liesure Suit Larry
0,14I think this was before Ferris Bueller
Give me a A!
AlienWarhead: Is that a reference ot something?
fine.
...and no one gets my reference
o god
U MAD?
lul id say "DO A+++++ ON THAT BITCH"
if u tell ill KILL YOU
SHE WANTS TO BE A NAUGHTY GIRL
s/F/A/
lol
thats what ill say
That's right. With A GIRL, IN THE ROOM
T for troll
No kiss.
pwnt
hacker!
Friendzoned!
computer blocked
aw snap
SaxyPretender: room looks close to Ferris Bueller though
A
lol
you dun goofed
:D
:O
Vagineer: Harry Potter reference
And he does it anyway
lol
And he did it anyway.
TROLOLO
SpadeMagnes[R] wasn't suppose to be
troll
wooot
hax!
Ofcourse
Trololol
OH SHANP!
She don't need your hacking. SHE'S AN ADULT
Okay I've never seen this film, but with the title being War Games I thought this was going to be well a war movie (Not a knock to the movie, I'm liking it so far, just didn't expect this)
lol
now to watch mlp
OH TROL
Too obvious
oooooooh he in trouble
dohohoh
this wouldn't have worked in our school in the 80's... because they didn't used PC until the 90's
AppleJackTheOneAndOn, she's not being naughty. Quite the opposite. She's being honest.
Oh no he didn't
Never played that game.
Bronysith: $1500 is A LOT of moneyts though
00,10screw you bitch now you get all f's and sent back to magic kindigarden
lol
oooooo
troll hacker
trololo
HE DUN GOOFED
This new Skynet system will be great!
Fuck you bitch, you got an A nao
and thus the foreveralone was born
HAXXX
Because everyone knows that computers make that little bleep sound every time you press a button
Meanwhile, in the BLU base
0,14Not Magic Kindergarden!
http://fav.me/d574ovo This dirty comic joke :D
MegaMoonShine: yo.
run by linux
At another place....
:D
wait wat
JESmith71: its about the cold war.
BLU base
The internet is awesome
lol saxy
I still have yet to see any evidence supporting the idea that this qualifies as an A movie
Sumica: well, at least she'll finally learn magic
skynet
I wish I could have been able to hack into my school's computer.
lol
What sorcery is this?
>implying only 1.5k gets you a good PC
SPY SAPPING MY DISPENSER
00,10time to build the ultimat WOPR
hey it's wpper
yay
That would have been awesome.
yay
What's an internet?
yay
The supercomputers OF THE FUTURE!
yay
May I ask why some one thought a program with no core in the real world was a good idea?
i hurd a yay that time
Meanwhile: =_(\ Uh... sorry
WOPR sounds so odd...
Is this thing even connected??
yay
ahaha, I forgot that "linux" is set to notify me
That WOPR is a real whopper
blue engineer
needs more HAL
yay?
JESmith71: It gets really instense later on, so even though there's little action, there's lots going on
yay?
geeky dad
It's the parents.
was wondering who said my name in here
:D
yay
hmm... i suddenly want to play Civ
You can tell its science by all the buttons and flashing lights.
A= AWESOME B=BADASS C=COOL D=DICK HEAD E=???
You'd have to really pick your parts carefully
05WOPR: sponsored by burger king
....did she just say "and a huge boner"?
Major, Lol.
fulltershy likes old cumputers
computer sends random digits constantly. Chance of launching via rand().
sssh
Oh okay we just started with these kids in school and I thought it was something else
Needs to learn to build one.
6_9
I thought that yay was my desktop fluttershy
lol wrek
Sit dog before I stab you with this butterknife!
They seem nice.
what does WOPR need all those blinking lights for exactly?
05,15Fluttershy uses Linux
Newfoals can't buildforce.
Neeeerd
00,10wooooooh portovision
:O
so, why did they have to take the chairs and such out of the command room?
:D
lol
curd!
soooo old
Wait a minute. This isn't Skynet! These computers are 30 years old!
SPACE INVADER WOWW
nurd!
Protovision.
hello there magazine
PROTOVISION
Protoman
Wrek can I have a DOBL WOPR
dat computer
so nerdy
oh 80s... Every other movie had a computer with the potential to take over/destroy the world, but with less performance than a modern calculator
Linux is best OS base
Protovision?
protowhat?
Ewwww
WOPR: WAR CANON.
???
is this the movie
Bluesvision?
My computer + all accessories ended up being over $4k
wtf
wut
Too much butter man.
BOY EAT YOUR BUTTER
Computer game centerfold?
:S
ew
mmm cornbread
corn sandwich?
I didn't know you could do that
00,10woh that is a great idea with the butter.
BUTTA
Ew
WUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUT
Dat corn method.
eww
Sunnyvale has same area code as wyoming, by the way. And same vampire problem.
...That dad has a GREAT IDEA
cornbread lol
It's the 80s, games were big
corn on the cob sandwhich ;)
^
OH MY LORD, WHAT
Sunnyvale: location of Atari's original offices.
anypony else eating popcorn?
LinuxBrony, you mean Unix?
Thats one way to butter toast
would you like some corn with your butter?
GET ME THA BUTTAH
....still are.
mmmm buttery cooooorrrrrnnnn
bitch!
This guys eating tactics dont make sense.
05,15Sumica I know right? I want to try that
Dat mediocre Amurrkan cookins
I'm hungry now
ZA
That looks delicious!
I gotta remember that
lol
Crunch
*ZAP
POISONED
Raw corn.
Needs more butter.
....
Nope. Linux > Unix
raw corn
>electrocuted
ew
LOL
Troll family
Raw corn!?
nope
xD
raw corn
:O
yay
......gross
XD
mmm raw corn
yay
lol
yay corn?
A and D
fuck you mom
Fuck your vitamin.
o god
*snrk*
PILLZ
No the largest leap in computer games is Nintendo...or was this before the NES was coming out?
trollololololol
raw corn is best corn
NEEDS MOAR COOK
xD
RAW KHORNE!
Crunch
LinuxBrony, /)
raw corn
PILLZ HERE!
now I will have an easier time putting butter on my corn
How dare you give me raw corn?
more PILLS
first world problems: "The corn is raw..."
Rawr
mom is such a troll
How can that corn be raw? It's completely YELLOW.
protovision
Gordon Ramsey: IT'S RAW! HOW EMBARRASSING! GET OUT OF MY KITCHEN!
that guy is rich
also ITS RAW
No bitch, it's raw
05,15555
they had pens back then?
trampy lady and father
allo Polydunami
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL PILLZ HEAR!!!
:D
667
11,0112345
that bored voice
666
(\
5555555 er....5
Once again, the Father is one of the better charactors
Totally not suspicious questions.
auto dialer?
CriticKitten: You forgot excessive use of the word 'fuck'
floppy
You want corn? Well, how about RAWBERRY
1234567890
1111ERR1
00,10I am so gonna try that bread thing next time I have corn on the cob.
Salut DaringDude
999999 999 999 999
put the raw corn in ur furnace wiht some coal
floppy disk!
I have you now
Who the hell has 12345 as a password?!
I have you now!
8675309
I have you now.
pffff
AttacktheAndalite: Point.
I have you now! >:D
numa numa
05,15dat Star Wars
beep beep beep
a lot of people
Thats the same as my luggage!
I have you now
darth vader?
dat autodiler.
Floopeh dawsk
Pssh, Star Wars reference.
in area code 311.
When did you become Darth Vader?
Oh shit :O
damn, his keyboard is alost as loud as mine...
http://i.qkme.me/35vzee.jpg
Trivia - Those 8 inch floppies were already obsolete when this movie was made.
Is that how a mechanical keyboard sounds?
I call HAX... I hear no Noises of the Drive reading the FLOPPY
download speed back then 1k a year
beep beep beep...
Eaves dropping
gawd i hate those noises :(
I love how he hacks other computers using phone numbers.
Fish market.
00,10this reminds me of Uplink, hacker elete
Yar!
wow, that will take a while
wut?
/me glomps IshMangoPony
pew pew
why the hell does the computer have to make those wired noises -.-
DAMN
It's called a wardialer
GALAXIA?
VIDEO GAME YAH!
I remember that fuck out of that game
How is it his parents can't hear that loud keyboard?
SHE KNOWS
PEW PEW PEW
dis might take a while
HAAAI
awwww crap
GALAGA!
Since when the hell could you hax systems from home?
GALAGA
>Play Namco
>Win at life
already did
 apple!
he must get one hell of a phone bill from all that
lol fuck you.
caught
She's happy
PEWPEW LAZORGUN!
05,15RosePetal CAUSE IT'S THE 80s BRO
inuendo?
Zyrian right now they are.
does she really think she gonna get through to him
You have an A
Or better yet, how is it that teacher did not call his parents?
double standards are go!
OOOOHH MMMYYYY
u naughty girl.
LAZOR pew pew
i already did, b****
What do you do in this site im new here
Bjornfot, molest WalkerPony89
damnit
Gave that bitch a A
She wized up and wants to use him now
DAMN
Damn.
ʸᵃʸ﻿
noob
DAYUM!
She said pleaseeeeee
Bitches love As
You would find open computer lines by blind dialing an area code and town prefix.
/me molests IshMangoPony
...
wait, but he had 3 lives..... that game cheats
She's a goldigger in training
y get free kiss
quarter... of an apple?
OH SHIT! :O
That's PETTY, a quarter?
i hate those noises...
phone bill
/me launches a preemtive molest strike on Bjornfot
internet derped
phone bill is high
Was it actually possible to hack systems from home back then?
/me stabs Bronysith multiple times in the heart
:P
*touch*
During new episodes when we have a lot of users they open up the other rooms to allow everyone in
05,15Ramdomguy we sacrifice goats to the mods. also, we watch movies, ponies, and pretty much everything else.
The phone bill is TOO DAMN HIGH
The holy keys! Don't touch them, women!
Is this what they call Wardialing?
00,10but you all forget he is a hacker
*Bjornfot
He WILL touch them
... dat screen
I AM TOUCHING IT!
>Launch Peasant's Quest
Sumica: Yes
*She
EIL RAUS
ao is that like... the first internet
she'll touch em like a naughty girl.
/me breaks the knives with his chest hair, and molests IshMangoPony harder
yay
eeyup
yay
touch screen
yay
00,10hack phone company
eeewwww he doesent wash his hands yay
Prank Calling!
yay
I gave that bitch a computer to watch, bitches loves computers
hahaha
Yay
Phone bill
whos gonna pay?
Dial all the numbers!
Touch the keys for God's sake!
Tauch ze keyboard!
She will accidentaly the keyboard, I just know it
every number
Phreaky
She'll feel them, ALL over.
And then his parents question the 50 phone calls
Er no
pshh goin to jail
f*ck the phone bill
its 16 you moron
sneaky
Phone Freaking
MegaMoonShine: Of course
other plans?
fuck the police
You can still go to jail and not be 18
"OOOH! What's THAT key for?"
that is probs one of the most complex zcomputer programs of that time
heh.
FUCK DA POLIEC
0,14...
and theres juvy
DUnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Oh shit.
/me launches nukes at Bjornfot and Bronysith
but it was funny
I did anyway!
0,14settle down people =P
05hah
why are these keys not in ABC order?
"I ALREADY DID!"
F
D
A
05easy to read her mind
ECP48 BUT IT'S THE 80s BRO
But now you want him too!
k thx
Z
11,01Q
This kid is smooth.
definitely suspect
REMEMBER KIDS
Can we not devolve the chat in here please?
Dumpkoff
X
D like her bra size
Just what I was thinking.
CHEATING GETS YOU GIRLS
badass kid
Changing from F to A - totaly unsuspicious.
Sex!
Y
Yeah, the teacher will never notice a change from an F to an A
aww how romantic
MAKE OUT
It's kind of the point that this room isn't as stupid as the other one.
how could we evolve it?
Only if you kiss me?
suddenly we have nothing to do tonight!
should've been k for kiss
00,10now he wants to giver her a D in her A
she wants him
what movie is this ?
oh my god...
:3
dat 300baud
yeah, Bjornfot and Bronysith
I want him too
05,15lol Sumica
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP
Delete system 32
m for make out
/me gets killed
Sumica: dohoho
If you know what I mean.
Sumica: omg:D
He's totally getting used.
"Aw,you committed crimes for me, how sweet"
foreshadowing
NOW KISS
Sumica: O U
yay
sudo rm -rf /
yay
He wants to C her D's!!
yay
PARIS
Why do I always miss bronystate movie night by 30 minutes?
yay
Back when there was zero computer security
lol
Peres
Cheating tottaly gets you girls
yay
CITY OF LOVE
yay
Let's troll Paris.
So is he in someone else copmuter now?
to many yay
TO THE BATCAVE
sudo rm -rf / --no-preserve-root
yay
yay :D
yay
by sea pony
yay?
what's with all the yay noises?
Gov computer no password protection?
Yay!
p for paris
lol
I got my beer, so I'm now ready to go
Randomguy: do I know you?
yay!
So many "yay"
Did computers even HAVE security in the 80's?
yay yayayayayayaayayayyayayayayayaayay
11,01Give her DDs XD
yay
well.... at least he has free tickets
yay!
YAY
Let's prank call the WORLD!
they had smoking flights?
dat Chicago :3
yay
$170?!
....
waht
TRAVEL TO EQUESTRIA!!
SpadeMagnes[R]: if it had,it would be minimal,im sure of it :|
00,10we got tickets? lolnope
05,15Pan Am doesn't even exist anymore
Nope.
seriously those computer tones are getting annoying
DAT TIMEWARP
At least she's health conscious.
yay
anymore
aww no tickets
When did Computer security actuallu get serious?
the hay
uh oh
the scary music...
aw snap
LET'S DO THE TIMEWARP AGAAAAAAAIN!
DUN DUN DUN
ring ring ring
windows 95
How rude.
how rude...lolwut
lol how rude
Oh rude !
that computer is so rude
"how rude" lol
how rude...
How rude!
"how rude"
linux
Youre in trouble now
windows 1
*stupidER
lol
How rude
she said
Better?
Wasnt the internet at that time already ip based oO?
logon
"how wude"
Not available. Deal w/ it
no help
BUSTED
Channeling Jar Jat Binks, lady?
PUNCH THE CREEN
windows XP
*Jat
password is Yay
Oh shi-
SCREEN*
how rude, fuckin secure system
This isn't even Windows it's just DOS
WE SEE IT SHUT UP
Oh Shi-!!!
WE CAN READ
BWAHAHAA
uh oh
Everything somebody says linux it's going to ping me >.>
... Goddammit, JAR.
Games speaking in fancy.
SO is he looking fro acomputer game?
00,10let me get a print out of 3 lines of text
they dont know that there the desceptacons
hahaha
Black jack?
xD
What does this mean? "i dont know lets print it"
...
This doesn't seem very legit. >_>
11,01ls C:/games
Hearts
"Fight Combat"?
there we go
those titles
black jack
What system did comps even run on in the 80's?
Robots in disguise
Never heard of some of these games.
uh oh
aw snap
Guerilla Engagment
...
Fighter Combat!
...
MORTAL KOMBAT
:O
woah
Biotoxic and chemical warfare.
Wat
what kinda games are these? :O
DUN DUN DUN
ph my god
sounds like my idea of a good time
NOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUGHHHHHHH
o god
3D pinball
Global Thermonuclear War!
WERE IS MINECRAFT??
wat
Zoh my gawd
play all the games
the wargames!
Wait he fucking hacked into Wopr?
I wanna play that game
Awesome Gaemz!!
This is AWESOMW
Oh shiiiiii.
LETS MESS WITH TIME SHALL WE
Games..... Games never change
GLOBAL THERMONUCLEAR WAR! PICK THAT ONE! THAT ONE!
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
Dun Dun DEEEERP!
those are some awesome games
dun dun dun
OMG. those games are awesome
nuclear war!
OH SHI-
D:
Hey, it's DEFCON
Capcom, get on it
play Global Thermonuclear War
:O the wopr!
tekkit mod ftw
"Such a strange game. The only winning move is not to play."
he dun goof4d
Where is Zork?
Soooo... basically Modern Warfare in a nutshell?
WHERE IS CALL OF DOODY!?
he hacked into a computer several states away from where he dialed.
the WOPR
I Am the Control of the WORLD!
OH MY GOD CHESS
05,15so, this is how p2p sharing got started
MODERN WARFAR WTYLE NOW
lordy lorday
LOL tape copmuters
HE HACKED INTO THE MILITARY SYSTEM?!
And then serious shit went down
00,10tell me what this meens. It's workds stupid
smack the Guy who listed these things as "Games"
F is for Friends who do stuff together, U is for Uranium bombs, N is for no survivors
>hacking into the government
it is the WOPR i tell you!
I like chess.
11,01Those mega 80s computers.
05not sure if laundrumat or computers
all of those computers = 4mb hdd space
Sneaks in like a boss.
Yep some troll kid hacked the government
WOPR maybe thats were burger king got there name
Oh bullshit, this amateur kid hacker asks it to name off its "games", and it lists SILO MISSILE CONTROL alongside Chess and Poker
Nowadays, we could probably fit that entire room onto this laptop
my desktop ponies are running all over the chat window
nerds
>NOT getting raped by the FBI
Fallout 1 is the sequal to Thermonuclear War.
so realistic
they can't handle breasts.
00,10lawl nice wrek
I hope he doesn't play PANDEMIC 2
The police will arrest him.
ITS A REAL GIRL
Meanwhile: want a match?
F is for fire which reigns down from above!
DONT LET HER ESCAPE
neck beard
WHAT KIND OF FUCKING SECURITY DOES THE GOVERNMENT HAVE?!
I love this.
nurd
they wore shirts like that back then?
Nerds!!!
*shoots gun* EVERY1 GET DOWN
HAHAH NERD
Sure.
MANDAAAAAARK
N is for Nitroglycerin
knurd!
dat voice
CriticKitten, maybe it would make more sense if it said Missile Command?
NERDS
Back after an internet derp
BowDownToTheSocks: yep
best shirt ever
I AM MANDARK!
Snatch
It's the 80s.
the WOPR "games"
1
mandark?
Mandark!
HA HA HA HA
how cool
that guy is like the white urkel
fluttercry, I once read that The Scene predates public use of the internet, distributing warez over BBSes.
U IS URANIUM BOMBS
IT'S VIDEO GAME DUNKEY
11,01Wrek: Code washing.
Mandark lol.
WHy did he poke him in the butt
Mandark!
NEEEEERRRD
stereotypical nerds
MANDARK!
genuine nerds
Wait a second...
Wooooow
hey whats that POOOORRRRRNNNN
IT'S VIDEO GAME DUNKEY
OMG it is him
I SWEAR
waaaoooh!
THAT'S MANDARK
THAT VOICE
00,10and now you know who mandark is based on.
GAH that voice!
It IS Mandark:D
MANDARK MANDARK MANDARK
lol
MANDARK!
MANDARK! :|
dat voice
IT'S VIDEO GAME DUNKEY
Without nerds, we wouldn't have computers
dat mouth
Mandark
Wahaha hahahaha
IT'S MANDARK! hahah-haha-haha!!
NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Looks like him to
HAHAHA! HAHAHAHA!
WOAH, SUPER 80's NERD!
HAHAHA
quiet Mandark
The voice of Mandark is Eddie Deezen
:D
HAHAHAHAHA
Cue the Mandark voices.
DESTROY DEXTOR
From Dexter's Lab?
05,15.....What's Mandark?
MANDARK
0,14NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERDS
How the hell did this kid get into the government's war system?
11,01Deedee.
*insert breaking glass sound*
those 80s nerds
Is it Eddie Deezen?
OMG
HAHAHA!
05,15Oh...wow
fluttercry: Dexter's Lab
they need ponies in there lives
fluttercry character from dexters lab
05,15I forgot
00,10fluttercry, dexters lab
A-HAHA! A-HAHA-HAHA!
fluttercry: From Dexter's Lab
fluttercry, even watch Dexter's Lab?
hey it's Proto-Shelton
DAT VOICE >:(
KILL THE NERD
LOL
That 90's nerd voice.
DEEDEE MY LOVE
fluttercry: From Dexter's Laboratory
It's really him!
Shut up eddie dezen
Fluttercry: You've never seen Dexter's Laboratory?
they're bored
oh hey its mandark
Mandark is a character from Dexter's lab.
Mandark y u keep talking.
dat logic
I always Here that voice
Get back to laser blast
guys guys... it's videogamedunkey
THAT VOICE MAKES ME WANNA KILL MYSELF :|
Or maybe because this is a bullshit story
play those games?
mandark from dexter's lab?
:D
05,15I love his voice. MrBen I have it's just been a long time.
My god
yeah, thats totally a character you see in an a movie
I love his voice
hmm
I love that he actually looks like Mandark.
yelltalking
he's right
It's Forbidden.
I remember little of Dexter's Laboratory.
He wants to play thermonuclear warfare
Cue the "fluttercry, it's Decter's Lan" spam
Of course!
Lab
That guy is annnnoooying...
I BETCHA HE COULD
BEST VOICE EVAR!
Awesome voice! It doesn't look human
go in through the back
>backdoor
05THERE IS ALWAYS A BACK DOOR
*snort*
xD
lol\
Potato Head
He's right
:D
He even looks like Mandark.
and so, the ANONYMOUS group of hackers was found
MR.PATATAHEAD
the military has Norton
05,15This guy is the best character ever.
His voice is annoying
Shut up eddie dezen
00,10I would love to talk about her backdoor
I'm not Mr Potato Head.
MY GOD, THE BACKDOOR
Ikr.
MR POTATO HEAD!?
hacker doesn't know about backdoors
back door = anal?
simple?
IT'S THE MOST SECRET HACKER TRICK
'Anal?
He means her plot.
Naz: yep
backdoor=ass
the Back door is a metaphor for her virginity
lol4
"What's a backdoor"
its the great and powerfull tricks
Cue Hisao
oh god
crush swag destroy ploy
May I ask how the fuck this kid hacked the military's warfare program?
Melvin XD
YOU GUYS ARE SO DUMB *snort*
Which one, PaladinDrakkenwolf? :3
omfg dis guy
cant not see mandark
did you now??
Shut up Melvin.
That's Mandark all right.
videogamedunkey is this
00,10dat falken maze
SpadeMagnes[R]: luck ?
techno
He's right. Total system security is unattainable because the designer, the maintainer, and the attackers are all mortal human beings.
tron 3
why must he yell every damn line
"U guyz r so dum"
damn big books
I think I"m the same age as this movie.
dose keys
His password is the name of his favorite pony.
This is known as hacking via social engineering
dat 80's techno music
I'm diggin' this beat here
Shouldent the government HAVE SECURITY TO THIS HSIT!
what?
very big books
what is falkens maze?
SO are there some regualr...computer games alogn with those war games that the copmuter simualtes?
*shit
Ahhh the library!!!!
Polydunami: virginty is like a bowling ball
dat music
Nittany_Discord: can we have maid hour? :P
EEEEEEH
A BOOK INSIDE A BOOKS :O tell you who will like that
11,01No.
Dat 80s music.
the nerd will be the hero in this movie
run boy run!
try using a dictionary file
Go on
So damn 80's
Operatorpony: Yes.
they should have SECERUTIRY BUT ITS A NEW TECH
dat music is good
Polydunami: theres 3 holes
maze ? stick to the left
....
no shirt
11,01I don't want to do a Maid Hour during stream.
Operatorpony: That will become very important later on.
where's a unicorn when you need one
He's nekkid
/me facehooves
"my boy! it is what all great warrior's strive for!"
they really wouldn't notice all those pings from an outside system?
Hes naked
maid hour?
:O
How the hell did this kid even acess the program to begin with?!
Hmm...
00,10good thing they dont log failed logins eh?
"And when you get through Fawlkin's Maze... YOU'LL DESCOVER DEXTER'S SECRETS!"
Card catalog!
NNNNOOOOOOOOO! GODDAMN BUFFERING PIECE OF- UGGGHHHHHHHH!!!
Files.
when does this kid destroy the world
for as long as i can remember. i have been a gamer
It's the 80s!
how old is he?
Sumica: it was great
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADS!
Yeah.
Sumica: Or IP addresses
Quick_Thinker: its a wonder that thing is even reachable by the outside
he was jacking off to the sound of cumputer noises
Connection Tuhmeenated
robokun: im sure they are busy with something else
yay
80's music alright
GilDash, you're not there are you?
Brony4Eva: 15 or 16.
beep beeeep beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep
05,15Card Catalogues. I haven't seen those in a LOOOOONG time
This accidently triggers SkyNet and Judgement Day
dat printer
old style modem
epic printing
dat old printer
typewriter?
SInce when could you access far away programs from one place?
80's MONTAGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
dat daisy wheel
Yay for studying:)
ded!
dead
ded
DECEASED
11,01My grade school had them.
DECEASED :O
what if the games you play. are actually happening
NEKKID
Dead
Ded.
It's dead.
Kicked the Bucket
XD
pikorar: I think gildash is here just not on mane chat
jog
Hey everypony
:O
ARF ARF
hot hot hot!!!
BOUNCY TITS!
like you took control of some sort of life on an offworld somewhere
Dat jogging.
Shirtless goodness
Dat camera angle
11,01Shirtless and dead.
this guy needs agood hacking computer seriuesly
Naz: Daisy wheel printer
bought the farm
up and down
boin oing onig
mmmm.
Fanservice!
He's dead, Jim
hothothothothothot
Hothothothothothothothothothothothot
jogging outfit before global warming
Bo
Bronysith, what happens when you pause?
Quit pacing
they found out
tobuscus
Hi, Bo.
but that's epic security. Computer runs our missle systems? Give it a public phone number!
bounce bounce bounce
awkward
Why is that dog always outside?
ooooh MS3TK style shadows...
Also, I've heard of that theory
Since when could you hack programs from a seperate computer than the source comp?
people sure were taller and skinnier in the 80's
get in trouble?
Hi there 1950s dad
Dat pipe.
hes trying to all look fly
tumulous
She didn't ask to come in
?
I know the way!
shirtless
He does not care.
pushes dog away
he drawing ponies
NEKKID
05,15inb4 password
cher3ry: yeah thats so secure
bueller
.....
.....bueller
He's still shirtless.
oh, i had school
Kid is a total boss
BUELLER
lol
He's skipped a week of school?
Hi I'm shirtless
Hothothothothothothothothot
close the door
KEEP THE SHIRT OFF
wankin
Oh, OH
TIME FOR SEX
00,10he has her as an option and he's only thinking about hacking for some vidia games
he's been ditching school for a week?
And they haven't sent the cops?
11,01I was watching ponies...I mean porn.
LOOK AT MY NIPPLES GIRL
Y ADEVERTISEMENT
Anyone ythinking of doing Riff MLP?
hes drawing nekkind ponies :O
A whole week wow
buffer!
XD
I was "thinking" about you
star trek fanfiction
I was working in game.
When did they actually improve security?
"Its nothing" just a pile of papers
papers to wipe him self
oops messing with the famly jewls
Why not?
that weird moment when your girlfriend find you masturbating
he was totaly cloping
Lol, Nittany_Discord :D
Those are not game programs.
cause GAMING IS AWESOME
He should be using that computer to look up ponies
05,15Sumica I once turned a date down because Skyrim came out that day. TRUE GAMER
time travel that boy to this time.
wait...he can draw, he can hack into the military system AND he is naked... WHY THE HELL DOES HE HAVE TERRIBLE GRADES?!
SpadeMagnes[R], obviously WOPR is connected to a publicly available BBS for no apparent reason.
Captain Falcon?
And playing military games are even more awesome
sikrit pasvurd
dem games
its a WOPR
fluttercry: forever alone
i was massaging your nipples thinking of you
yay
Look at mah rule34 collection
Games on the computer??? WHAT?? :o
Computer is now TV.
Crosink: english grades
oh NO NO NO.
nononono
VHS tapes.
yay
Falken was the former King of Games, before Yuugi took over the job
skynet
BETAMAX
look at my modern computer
Crosink he is lazy maybe
TV! ON THE COMPUTER?!
RaveBrony I KNOW RIGHT IT'S CRAZY
nonono
It learned how to...learn.
CriticKitten: LOL
AI
you love sthe game
The system learned how to learn
Crosink: Gifted students often get bored and do poorly.
learnception
Learned how to learn?
It's early Windows Media Player
YOU LOSE
learned how to learn... dat grammar
dat damn password
WHAT IS THIS WIZARDRY?
Dont you have to be connected to the source program to hack it?
tic tac toe
AI
Dam it I lost the game!
05,15proto youtube
probably "password"
11,01It said "The Game" on there.
learning learning
war is a game.
lost the game
yuugi is king of card games
And not miles away?
lost the game
She's in love!
Is he Falcon or Vulcan?
he's hot
If you have to learn how to learn, how do you learn to learn to learn?
Captain Falcon!
he cute
Shit
wow hes hot
I noticed.
he's dead
it never learned how to Win the Game.
ded
wtf
the AI is learning..... well I better prepare to the robot wars
She's flirting him.
I lost The Game :(
Get jelly
AppleJackTheOneAndOn: We must tell the world!!! :o
so hw ants teh pasword so he can play Fing Poker on the copmuter
DEAD
Amazin lookin!
Massive turn-off
awwww
deceased june 1973
Because they don't seem to want to pick a pronounciation.
lol what?
jk
No, he's dead.
:O
00,1041 is old?
she actually isn't interested
pretty hot for a dead guy
girls... only thing they like about the internet is pictures of cute guys
ancient
BILL NYE
lololol
Sounds like she has a nerd fetish.
41....
Apperantly.
PFF
41 not old
41 in the 80s is old?
Sumica dont tell dusty
Aw, dat baby.
ouch
lol!
RaveBrony QUICK I WILL TELL EVERYPONY ON TF2
computer is the father?
41?
41 - time to die..
poor kid
little boys name is password?
CAR CRASH :(
im a girl
awwww
she's acting
yay
AppleJackTheOneAndOn: Omg!!! Go GO
41 is not old (Says the 42 year old man)
D'AAAAAAW
"Car Crash" "yay"
yay wen they died xD
yay
Poor kid.
:$
ACTING.
MILITARY COVERUP IM CALLING IT (i have never seen this movie but i think they lied about his death)
HE'S ONSODE THE COMPUTER
:'(
D'aww
DAAAAAAAAAW DATS CUTE
Daww
:'(
no
ohhhhh
lol
Nononoo.
Hawk
Ever notice how he interupts her alot?
called it!
He has a goddamn Plan
....
HAL killed him?
Died of grief.
Im a nazi and this is cute
So who was the genius who decided to put the Millitary Warfare program available to anyone to try and access?
:'(
Joshua
Joshua.
it is
:(
retarded password is retarded
Too bad it porbably is
its that simple
worst password eva
:O
falcon's kid was in the balloon, remember? oh wait he was in the attic nvm.
HUZZAH!
gahh
it IS that simple!
05,15worst password ever
it is that simple
holy crap
HE HAS A GODDAMN PLAN
WOOT
HACKED
internet in the 80;s yep it's that simple
HAX
It is.
SO MUCH
so called it
010000101001000101001010
So much spam.
BUT IT IS
the fun has been doubled
:;_;
oh snap
uh oh
o god
05so much info
WE IN THERE, GET HYPE
fluttercry: No kidding xD
WOPR
Error 37!
OH SNAP
00,10time to cook up a wopa
AWESOME SAUCE
WHO DESIGNED THE SECURITY
bad password for a computer expert.... fail
Always use letters and numbers
troll
I'm afraid I can't let you do that....
Skynet has started
oH SHIT
05your standard issue home computer will not handle it
Greetings.
HE went into WOPR backdoor!
SPY SAPPING MY TELEPORTER
keep password of dead guy
Dave...
Here we go...
fluttercry: No the worst password is "sex", according to that one hacker movie we watched
I need a double wopr.
skynet is born
AAAWWWWWWWWWWWWW YEAH!
man, you fail at choosing passwords Mr. Falkon or whatever your name is spelled
They awakened the beast!
WHO WAS THE RETARD WHO BUILT THIS
any nut you can study can get nukes
msn?
SEXY
fo moy do it!
Captain Falcon: YES!
like cleverbot.
Greeting, Professor Falken. I want to play a game.
PUT SEXY
do not do it!
It's Cleverbot.
lol Proffessor F***in
^
Its the machines..... theyre starting to take over......
GOOD LORD
sweetie bot
"Do you watch mlp?"
I AM TYPING THIS FROM BEYOND THE GRAVE! OOOOooooooooOOOOOOoooo!
Hes insids Skynet :O
00,10it's cleverbot
AI
I FEEL GAY
Ask him to marry you
AHHHH! IT'S SKYNET!?!?!?!?!
YOU ACTIVATED SKYNET
No, it's Omegle!
AND SO MICROSOST SAM WAS INVENTED
it talks!!!
SPACE
DAT VOICE.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Now, he's talkin!
05,15Microsoft Sam?
ROBOT VOICE
hahaha
IT Speaks! KILL IT!
Cleverbot ftw :D
11,01Type "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa"
JOHN MADDEN JOHN MADDEN
It's Hal's Dad
AAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
WHAT'S WONG WITH YOU
11,01Or "Uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu"
siri
05,159999999
SPACE SPACE SPACE WANNA GO TO SPACE SPAAAAAAACE!
mistakes
AEIOU
It's younger HAL.
AEIOU
Snake!
AEIOU AEIOU AEIOU
JOHN MADEN
This is how black ops 2 began.
John Madden John Madden
Meanwhile: he is fulcan
00,10and the magnet in the speaker degaused the screen.
LOL that computer
SPAAAAAAAAAAACE
this girl not very smart
AEIOU
noooooooooooo
saw
SWA
lol
No a real voice??? You dont Say!! :o
they had computers in the 70
John Madden
Guys
That famous saying
s
SAW
John Madden
no!
oh god
Oh god
dumb
oshi
There we go!
JIGSAW
In other words it's magic, we're not going to explain it.
lol
it's like saw
THat line
John Madden
creepy
this can only end well
If my computer could talk to me
JOHN MADDEN
Chess!
SAW!
SAWPUTER
noo
This mission is too important for me to allow you to jeopradize it
DONT DO IT
nope
I swear I would never leave my room.
no that is definitely a real voice
UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Thermonuclear war
Snake? Snake? SNAAAAH-KE4Y
uh oh
WHATS HIS NAME AGAIN
Moonbase Alpha!!
Shall we play a game.
YOU IDIOT
SNAAAAAAAAAAAAKEEEEEEEEEEE
Lets play Adventure Ponies
famous line incoming
YES
would you like to play a game?
i wish it was wheatley
YOUR HEAD A SPLODE
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
CHESS PLZ
Strip global thermonuclear war
idiot -_(|\
That computer is Jigsaw
aeiou aeiou
NOOOOOOO
alla board the EedJet!
Best game ever xD
you fool!
dat music
UNREAL TOURNAMENT
NOOO
retard human....
I JUST LOST THE GAME
YOU FOAL!
NO!
WHat its not normal to talk to your cumputer
Fallout?
Holla holla get $
Let's play Fallout, yay!
FINE.
Lets kill Russia
noooo
DUMBASS
Let it say: "Toot toot toot ..."
MORON
HOLLA HOLLA GET $
ALL BOARD THE DOOMSDAY BOAT
NO!
fine. you will lose
00,10fine *sigh*
Remember, at this time, most people had no direct contact with computers.
This is not good!
Chess? Nah. Lets destroy the world!
you destroyed the war
Let's Play Destroy the World!
dam graphics
dis can only go well
NO!
Oh dear...
the compeutor is smarter then the humans
11,01Let's play Toilet Wars.
no I want chess
bomb japan
dem graphics
Robot's a snippy bitch.
inb4 he fucks up
dat graphic
Let's play "Bomb The World"? Sounds like a good idea, kiddo
NO!
so is this all simulated?
http://lparchive.org/DefCon/Images/1-defcon_logo.jpg
nope
dont do it :[
Fine.
We play that after Global Thermonuclear war
Only two sides?
it aint no game
IDIOT
NO
He will Des-Te-Roy us ALL!!!
Let's play global thermonuclear war. FUN
I'll pick 3. Japan.
russians?
FOR MOTHER RUSSIA!
You will doom us all!
noooo
OH SHI-
VODKA GO
._.
oh dear celelstia!
Spy hacking my Skynet!
05,15oh crap
OH SHI-
ww3
oh dear
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!?
texas
DUDE
It's ALWAYS the russians!
ITS NOT A GAME IS IT
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For the Motherland!
00,10BITCH DONT NUKE ME
Only 2 counties in the world
Nooooooo!
11,01It had 2 on there already.
South Africa
oh lawd
DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'[RE DOING?
dat ASCII map
...
NO!!!
OH SHIT.
FOR FUCKS SAKE
FUCK YOU VEGAS
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
don't do that!
YOU BLITHERING IDJIT
NEW VEGAS
Nuke the school
OH MY LORD
DEFCON in the making
NEW VEGAS!
CHINA
dat los vagos
OH FU-
no
YOU BANANA
WHAT NO
oh no
NUKE THE SIN CITY
And thats how NEW VEGAS was made
Kill Seattle!
no not seattle
NO
no
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
No wonder the Russians hate us.
Las Vegas that's not cannon
HOW DID A KID GET INTO THIS MILITARY PROGRAM!
NOT THE VEGAS!
NO NO NO NO NO
RIP Las Vegas
Yay! distorying my own country
NOT INTO THE PIT. IT BURNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNSSSSSSSS
and that kids is how ww3 was started
Kill them all!
STOOPPPPPPPPPP
oh noes
Kill em!
Getting HYPED!
WAT
Bomb ALL the things!!!
genius
:[
YEAH, FUCK THE SEAHAWKS
OH SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
OH MY GOD
Kill all the cities
WHO DESIGNED THE SECURITY
Oh nu
uh oh
lol
He's gona nuke las pegasus! NO!
WHY CELESTIA WHY
OH FYCK
PANIC!
QUICK! TO THE VAULT!
00,10AUGA!
hahahahahhaha killem
cool, destroying the world is so fun
and then the fallout games happened
It's the 80s anything can happen.
richfiles1: US and Cold war.
ahoooga!
NOW NEW YORK
Suppose to be D.C.
AWOOOOGA!
New Jersey. New Jersey destroyed. World a much better place
oh shit!
awooogaaaa
SWEET CELESTIA
AUUUGA!!!
oh teh seahawks suck with DAT TAVARIAS JACKSON
WARNING
Aaaw shit
OH MY FREAKEN GOD!
Well that's going to end well.
Those poor kids, they've doomed us all!
AHHHHHIOOOOOOOOOOOGA
AUUUGA!!!
Hit the PANIC button!!!
Let the games begin
OH SHI
and California
SHITSHITSHITSHITSHITSHITSHITSHITSHITSHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT! :O :O :O :O
thus begins the real cold war
that NORAD
TOO DAMN LOUD!
BOMB DEM DEAHAWKS
AWOOOOOGA
Oh no!
dat siren
Hate godmoders!
WE'RE ALL DOOMED!
GOVERNMENT YOU ARE USLESS
It lives
those kids doomed the world
GET THE OLD MAN
WOOORLD WAAAR THREEE
RUN IN CIRCLS AND SCREMMKMMMMMMM!!!
XD
AWOOOOOOGA
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:S:[
OH NOPES
REPENT
BOMBJERSEY SHORE
....oh, my land. This isn't going to end well.
OH GOD!
Everypony panic!
DESTROY US ALL!
... Yeah, shit just got real xD
yay a simulation and noone knows
THE END IS NEAR
PANIC!
HA I FELL SO SAFE IN AUSTRALIA
Awoooooooooooooga
and then the cold war wasn't cold
Caps Lock everywhere
EVERYONE PANIC!!!!!!
NOW YOU'VE DONE IT
WHY WASNT THERE A BACK UP SECURITY SYSTEM?!?!
WHO WAS IN CHARGE OF THE SECURITY
AWOOOOOOOGA
:O:O:O:O
He's starting WWIII the retard.
There delivering the Australium!
GET TO THE VAULT!
:O
:O:O:O
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
The end is Neigh!!
05,15I just don't know what went wrong
shit.shit,shit,shit
magmablock: u must be new here
run and scream
YOU HAD ONE JOB DUDE
destroying the world's why I play Saints Row. Sure its just a city... but gotta start somewhere
11,01Now it shows the US firing at Russia.
:O :O :O :O
Who the fuck built a military WARFARE PROGRAM THAT CAN BE HACKED BY CHILDREN!
Oh no The BRitish!
he dun goofed
APPLEGEE
Nice job breaking it, Hero.
Watch out for the fauna, AppleJackTheOneAndOn
Get to Vault 23!
LLIKE AN EXTRA CODE!>!>!??!?!?!?!?
AWOOOOGA AWOOOGA AWOOGA AWOOGA AWOOGA
:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O
THANKS A LOT DUMBASS
AWOOOOGA AWOOOGA AWOOGA AWOOGA AWOOGA
Idiots
AWOOOOGA AWOOOGA AWOOGA AWOOGA AWOOGA
GTE TO THE CHOPPAH!
FIAR
DaringDude: nah
xD
"Wandering the wastes almost makes you want to wish for a nuclear winter."
fire all the missiles
IM A GIRL AND MY BALLSACKS HAVE DROPPED
AWOOOGA
FLEE!
genius.jpg all up in dis shiet
Consequences will never be the same4
Yeah. It's the classic plot about kids playing a video game that affects real life for the worst... or the better.
o dang there scred
the dead guy. Nobody checked the code, i guess
it's not really firing missiles, it's just simulation
TRON4VPEJIFSE/hsZ
Get Cadance! Crystal Empire called!
:O :O :O :O
Fire ze missiles!
wait... Crystal Palace?... Crystal Peak?
children have taken over all military
Believe it or not, this movie was one of the first thigns that brought the issue of computer security to the forefront in the public consciousness.
11 MINUTES NOES :O
8 missles
SonataOctavia: Dat feel. I know
Y U NO STOP AWOOOOOGA-ING?
PANIC! PANIC! WE ALL GONNA DIE :O
You... what have you done?
Spectrum_Rush|Awake, Crystal Peak
he is so grounded
Defend Canterlot! The Zebras are striking!!
oh
no
THEY GUNNA NUKE SOVIETS
PANIC PANIC!
confidence is high.
RUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN
military bronies ftw
Blu base is doomed
05,15Oops. My bad
WE need to watch Dr. Strangelove
00,10they are coked out.
It's DR. Strangelove!
ASCII art?
PRESS THE EASY BUTTON!
What does that mean?
11 minutes? that's enought time to infiltrate the base and input abort codes!
Oh my god
Kids dont give a f--k!!! :D
BUFFER!
they think its game. thats why they got F
LLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOYYYYYYY JJJJJJEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNKKKKKKKKKKIIIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNSSSSSSSSSSSs
WHERE DID THEY GET DEM CANS
They are so dumb
bombs
mandark voice
XD
MILITARY BRONIES FOR THE WIN
Hint hint
Girl, stop asking stupid question
I don't know, but it's great. :D
DEFCON beta: http://lparchive.org/DefCon/Images/1-defcon_logo.jpg
HOW THE FUCK DID THIS KID EVEN GET ACCESS TO THIS PROGRAM
"I DONT KNOW, BUTS ITS GREAT" -Dat kid
Use the cheats!
HYPER SODA
Tragic Tori
Meanwhile: *shrugpony
They are so dumb
what movie is this...
lol
tab and mountain dew
kids vs. the militairy
oh, you are so naive
LOL
Dude looks like John Cleese
nukes. bahdunno.
How does he know it's great if he doesn't know what it means. ¬¬
are these nuclear?
a 16 year old hacked our WHOPPER
holy: War Games
Now at Defcon 3.
Get on the Sack!
"BLOW UP ALL THE STATES!"
Death Con 3
that big man chew
not sure if missles are launched or simulation
Naz: Well duh
so far the military is loosing the game
See, this is why we can't have nice things!
get on that sack
00,10launch all zig
defcon!
DEFCON 3 YOUR FUCKED
SHIT
hes eating in the time of war
Because COLD FREAKING WAR, turtlegod98
what is a "tra-da-gy"
Oh mah god the Whopper is EVIL!
DEFCON 3
/me facehoof
DEFCAWN
take us to bronycon 3
They got this wrong.
a 16 year old hacked my hamburger
This was also the movie that introduced us to the term DefCon
They're like Celestia vs Chrysalis
not DEFCON 3
las pegasis
im glad i live on the east coast ._.
OH SHIT! :O :O :O :O :O :O :O :O :O :O :O
LAUNCH ALL THE THINGS!
turtlegod98, this movie was made during the cold war between the U.S.A. and the U.S.S.R.
How else would it be a Global ThermoNUCLEAR war
Meanwhile, maybe it's like parfait. You don't know what it is but it's good.
DEATHCORN
Shouldent the military programs BE UNACCESSABLE TO ANYONE OUTSIDE THE WHITE HOUSE?!
KIDS VS. MILITAIRY I
hey everypony!! :D
I love how this movie actually inspired future hackers.
Get the sack onto the Whopper and launch the Ds into every A
DEFCON 3? NOOOOO
0,14You just don't know what went wrong, fluttercry?
ogod
GOD DAMNT
GAWD DAMMIT
seems the Cold war just got hot
dat red phone
http://welikepic.com/images/s.gif
DETHKLOK 3
Why would you even have bombs?
Fire the Friendship Cannons!! :[
DEF.....KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNN!!!
Despite being so Hollywood
What's Defcon 3?
The LOWER Defcon # means the more screwed you are.
YEAAAAHHHH
That's it. I'm moving to Canada!
way to go applejack ... WOOOOOO
DefCon, the convention for deaf people
DEATH CORN 3 EVERYPONY RUN FOR YOUR LIVES
16 year old guy hack the government, seems legit
GET LE PREZ ON LE HORN
You can't find them because they're behind 7 proxies
dat Beethoven's 5th
now they call captain lazy ass
Prepare to launch the RD bomb
SaxyPretender fluttercry but thats derpys job
Operatorpony: No!!! :[
Or DefJam
the horn
AKA the president
HEY OBAMA WE GOT SOME SERIOUS SHIT
Start nuking shit already!
WHAT IF DEFCON 1????????
WE'RE ALL FUCKED
OBAMA, SAVE US!
She should fall
Needs more sex
The President is in this too.
itsnt this the same guy as general carville from Red Alert 2?
05,15What if...I actually was derpy?
Seriously who leaves a military missile program ACCESSABLE TO EVERYONE
0,14:3
lol
@star defcon 1 is full out nuclear warfare
star, if Defcon 1, WWIII.
oh snap
some men are outside to see you again
05,15YOU NEVER KNOW
so, what are we watching is it any good and what did i miss?
Stare at it!!!:[
ICBM; intercontonental balistic missile
sir we need more drastic measures!
Damn you Ferris Buerrel!
Fire everything!!!
11,01Error 37
StinkomanFan: obama would never do something like that
The Internet was made because of the cold war in case the Russians bombed major phone hubs
that's my dog
Good job, Bo.
00,10pronto taunto
1983...that means Reagan is president
Shut up, btich.
Dat mom
the girl
This kids' voice is obnoxious.
Also remember, in the 80's, there were several famous incidents where we almost went to war by accident.
annoying parents
My plebeian father can handle the plebeian non-technical trash himself.
LOl, it's not Bo fault.
Pronto david!
RaveBrony: you're right... Id rather have Rarity spanking me
Bo just saved humanity
16 year old kid gone fuck up the world and start world war 3.
star: What if Defcon -1
Yes.
WAIT HOLD ON A GOD DAMNIT MIN HOW IS THIS CONTROLING A MISSLE IN RUSSIA FROM THE US
I have a bad feeling
Oh, hai david
He dun goof'f
dfq
DAVID. :|
don't leave the girl with the nukes..
Bo always gets in the trash.
Invite your girlfriend.
SHIT.
RUDE GIRL
I'd rather listen to Mandark all film, honestly.
sex time
Operatorpony: no,,,,just...no x_x
Shiito
this is PG?
LOL the mom's kind of a passive.
00,10wars over
...NIXON, SAVE U-
Can any one answer me why anyone would leave the missile program accessable to everyone?
@ quick_thinker
his mom can't pause between sentances
he's not
Defcon 1 is all out war. It goes no lower.
phew
:D
HEY, SCOTTY
Welp.
@quick_thinker hollywood magic
dang
HA!
JESUS MAN
11,01Pew
shut down
hahaha
I'm an awesome hacker. I don't need to filthy these graceful fingers that were made for art and vim shortcuts.
PEW
CONFIDENCE HIGH? BULLSHIT
XD
OH SHI-
Whew, war's over for now.
the presidents dont care for us StinkomanFan
We're screwed
GG military :3
trolololol
No, can't say it with a straight face
He killed the servers!
:O
it's just a simulation, NORAD DOESN'T KNOW IT
Quick_Thinker: its a simulation. there no missiles
He deleted system 32!
lol
um
HOLY BUCK!
war delayed for dinner break.
Oh hell now
05,15Well, in this, it'd be Reagan sooo....Enjoy your nuclear holocause
kthxbai
4BKHRGEJBH52WB
anypony want in my vault?
05,15holocaust*
Nice. xD
im within nuke range of washington dc... im screwd
HOW DID A 16 YEAR OLD KID DO THIS
Why are the screens back on?
wtf
brb military going AFK
worst military system. EVER.
Soviets are trolling them:D
DAT NERD
SpadgeMagnes, because it's a movie with dumb writing to make it easy for the plot to happen?
00,10dis guy
SIMULAITON!!!!!!!
Item Server is down
it's a simulation
ahahahaha
mandark's dad
ITS A SIMULATION *gasp*
/me opens up vault # 42
xD
XD
run fat dued fun
Ha~1!
HAHAHAHA
Australia's safe though
WUT/
NO RUNNING IN THE WAR ROOM
lllllloooooooooooooollllllllllllllll
It's a SIMULAHSHUN!
It don't matter who you choose, you're screwed either way
GABE NEWELL
brb military going AFK
we don't know how it happened?
Simulation!
SIMULATION!
Australia's ALWAYS
WHAT IN THE HELLS HAPPENIN HERE
WOPPER, HOW COULD YOU
SEEMULAYSHUN
U CUT THE LINE DUMBASS
YOU CUT THE LINE
I think they cut the line.
hahaha
i just don't know what went wrong
Heres a ansewer, UNPLUG THE WOPR
STIMULATION:D
oh snap
Oh shit
YOU BROKE DA RULS
thats why I don't vote
Never cut the line
SHUT. DOWN. EVERYTHING.
They in trouble now!
they bombed themselves.
00,10Some one is playing a game........a wargame
jigsaw?
SHUT IT DOOOOOOOOOWN
CUTDALINE
That kid is in deep trouble
HI DAD
Brilliant, my dear watson
UNPLUG THE DAMN SYSTEM
UR GROUNDED BOY
DUN DUN DUUUN
Simulation of Stimulation?
DAVID!
Damn you Madagascar!!
YOU BROKE THE RULES, NOW EVERYONE'S GOING TO BE MAD BECAUSE YOU BROKE THE RULES
not purposly
>Jigsaw
GAME OVER, MAN. GAME OVER
plenty. mister. plenty.
DAVID! :S
war is a game
>With nukes
hahaha
CONGRATS..
what a surprise!
FFFFFFFFFF
YEAH K...
CONGRATS
A game you say
Troll Family
All is fair in Love and Games :3
so how about DISCONNECTING it?
NEVER MIND.
CONGRATULATIONS!
GO HAXORING
Ha Ha
You started WWIII mister.
SEEMS LEGIT
Ohh wooooww... how did that happen?
GRATS ON CHEATING
A BIG HAPPY FAMILY
HERE PAPA
passed all the classes..... seems legit
hmm
lol
Yo yo?
and shes not suspicious at all?
OHOHO
AAAAWWWW YEAH!
"you have just cheated all of your calsses this semsestre!"
You only had a F a day ago
how did THAT happen?
Geez wiz!!!
nor is he??
SMOKE YA POT
DOHOHO
hahahaha
i smoked vanilla tobacco once. it was aweful
Lets leave the system that just went haywire ONLINE
david, you're grounded
05,15Son, now we are very upset with you for starting WW3
THEY'RE LOOKING AT PORN
Now only if my parents cared
kids like playin games wit NUKES !!!!!
LISTEN TO THE TV DUMBASSES
awful
:O
00,10lol wut, they told the news
Poor parents they don't know.
whatever
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!
OH NOH
WUT
oshi
oh sh...
yea right like they would report that
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUN
Naz, legit for everything except for Biology.
uh oh
oooooo
playing with nukes
Gasp what Have i done?
"I am sooooo grounded."
Dramatic moment
o....shit
VRT2222222222FX;C
Kid is like "shit"
oh crap
ohsi
best nuke picture ever
DISCORD
Brb.
UNPLUG THE FUCKING SYSTEM
05,15Go to your room. No more nukes for you mister
*fake laugh*
DUMBEST MILTARY EVER NEVER TELL THE PUBLIC
oopsie
00,10why would they tell the news
A+? You don't think much of me do ya boy? No sir! Ya know a D turns into B real easy
BEULLER
DUNDUNDUNDUNDUNDUNDUNDUNDUUUUUUUUUUUUN!
"What have i DOOOOONE!"
/me stream freezes
U WATCHING THA NEWS
that's right you almost destroyed the world
Sumica: Cuz stupidity
CALLLED IT
Bronysith thats tobacco for ya
ARE YOU WATCHING THE NEWS?
Awwww shet
11,01Double computer time now.
dat kid gone feel ALOT of guilt now.
ohcrap
YES, WERE SO IN MUCH TROUBLE!
OH JESUS
HEY MEDIA, CAUSE CHAOS. HERE'S SECRET SHIT
She sounds kinda dumb :p
run
11,01Nuke 4 cities.
Dad,i passed all my class (hacking the school mainframe)..And i also almost blew up the world (hacking US defense mainframe)
OH JEEEEESUUUUUUS!
*dies from shock*
yay
"YOU. DONE. SCREWED UP."
IM SCHOOLED
oscar worthy moment
IM REALLY SCREWED
I cheated too!
05SCROOWD
id rather have wrigleys double mint gum
UR SCREWED
SCREWED
yay~
yay screwed
IM SCROOED
CALM DOWN?
SCROOOOOD
calm down. Blame her
yay
fluttershy wants them 2 get him
I'm screwed!! yay
Calm your Tits!! :[
way to go kid, you almost killed us all.
"Not if your not 18!" ... "IM SCREWED"
I'M SCROOOD
I'm scwewed
hothothothothothothothothothot
IN THE MIDDLE OF A NUCLEAR EXPLOSION AREA?!
I am screwed.
YA DUN GOOF'D:[
what's with these popups
just throw it away. thats all.
it'll call you
I hope that dude is using a phreaker's box....
tras hthe computer!
THESE POPUPS
Too late.
6_9
"I'm screwed." "Yay~"
Just don't do anything at all!
She's really damn cute
listen to the bitch
inb4 they come
no you're doomed I shall sing you the doom song
k.
THE MILLITARY IS THE SCREW DRIVER, AND YOU ARE THE SCREW
her voice is getting annoying
Bitch, it's not that easy!
IT will neverbe fine
05,15Scroood
All he has to do is not connect again
just act natural, and we won't get nuked
Zyrian: You need to install Adblock
Zyrian get adblocker or something
crazy
00,10starting ww3 makes her moist
But he doesnt listen anyway.
NOT FUNNA
Rofl!!
She's so fucking happy
fly casual
She just jinxed them
YES LETS BLOW OFF THE FACT WE NEARLY DOOMED THEWORLD
PEOPLE ARE GONNA DIE THIS IS LAUGHABLE
dat kid is a dead man.
Dat girl
goddamn flighty broads
She's responding to the idea of blowing up the planet rather well
she is hawt but annoying
what do you get for pretending to nuke 2 cities?
"Put on your cool face!"
DaringDude: Her? His has been since the beginning lol
Goddammit quit it with the misogyny :|
what a Troll
Act like we didn't almost start world war 3!
skwooed
:O bonner
ANYPONY WANNA PANIC WITH ME? NO?
Zyrian: You need to become a real hacker.
"Problem, military?"
did someone called me?
You str taking advice from the girl who didn't know how the "voice" was being made
05,15Dat girl has some strange interests
she likes bad boys
she's a blabbermouth
we nearly bombed ourselves.
actining normal is harder then actining normal
can I plz spread rumors that I almost doomed world? PLZ???
Pokeface!
breaking into the miltary hardware was surprisingly easy
My uncle is screwed
"We almost started Nuclear War! Teehee!"
i leik this movie.
We caused World War 3 but it's funny.
Destroy the porn!
burn all the evidence
burn the papers
k_a, why do you say that?
/me noms on popcorn
STUFF ALL OF IT
i'm gonna guess russia would win
Kill It with FIRE!!
burn all the paper
what a waist
hide the evidence!
DESTROY ALL DA PAPER
Destroy all the evidence.
/me nomz on Bronysith
TRASH ALL THE PAPERS!
Burn the HDD'S!
BURN DA EVIDENCE!
she's gonna get arrested by the military, and th efirst thing she wants to do is gossipe bout it
Burn ALL the evidence
RINGALING
"ITS FUNNY CAUSE WERE KIDS"
burn it!
DUNDDUNDUDNUDNDUDNDUND
PANIC
You shoudn't have done that.
HIDE YO PAPERS
hahaha
All those poor trees
bad idea kid
OH SHIT
And childrne, thats where the trees are
OH SHIT
oh no
Destroy. Every-fucking-THING
/me sticks a revolver in WalkerPony89 s jaw
FUCK
Maybe Jen is a Psyco
....
:O
Oh god
00,10Wopr got bored.
BURN THE EVIDENCE
IT'S DA PO-PO
OH MAH GOD
oh my god, it remembers you
THEY FOUND HIM :O
MY COMPUTER IS ALIVE!! I KNEW IT
Quick unplug it!!!!
it knows
fucked!
:O
trololool
Zyrian: I'm referring to your lack of an adblocker, etc.
ITS BECOME SENTIENT
DA PO-PO
CRAP!
wopr is alive
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
It's HAL!!!
It found you
nope. would be removing the phone
wait
Unplug now!
wrong guy
SKYNET 0.5!
ah, well
skynet's father becomes alive
OH SHIT! :O
overly attached military system
Computer knows where yu ARE
i have it disabled I think
it knows
LIAR!
troll
its terminators son
/me sticks a revolver in IshMangoPony s jaw
WHAT
LOL
Unplug or get traced you fool!
no
"Sorry to hear you died."
uh oh
remidns me of cleverbot
oh snap
Shit
CRUSH. KILL. DESTROY.
HAS not been completed
Someone linked to a video of an acoustic modem. That was Shizuka, right?
disconnect you retard
i have a bad feeling about this
oooh shit
Crush. Kill. Destory.Swag
Zyrian: To support mips?
cleverbot
CRUSH. KILL. DESTROY. SWAG
SWAG
type "end game"
abort the game
/me nomz the revolver, don't you know I love metal
We got 52 hours to save the world!
PULL THE PLUG?!?!?!
I'M SO GROUNDED!
Unplug the computer!
jumanji the video game
NUKE EVERYTHING!
its called a axe to your cumputer
Global Anihilation
*facehoof*
doom of the world
00,10you all just lost
I AM NOT THE PROFESSEOR
O SHIT!
11,01To win.
05,15So, this computer was built by Aperture?
the game
hmhm
THE GAME
The game!!!
computer just lost the game
Dun dun DUNNN
THE GAME
THE GAME
>the game
You just lost
the game
smartass computer
Motherfucker.
WIN THE GAME
To win the game
11,01The game.
I lost! FUUUUUU
DAT MUSIC
Too win the GEM
DRAMATIC MUSIC
COMPUTERS AREN'T MEANT TO BE FECITIOUS
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
the game
DUN DUNDUUNNNN
I LOST IT AGAIN
.....i lost :(
everybody just lost
YOU JUST LOST MAN
THE GAME!!!!!!
hes all "I lost"
You can't win The Game, silly
Fuuuuuuuuu
The computer is troll!
O GOD NO!
its time to play the game
Impossible
oh shit
DAD TURN OFF THE RADIO
Oh shi-!!!
Oh god, oh man oh god
unplug it?
NO!
fluttercry, no brain mapping.
00,10stalker computer
silly Nittany_Discord
THE GAEM
We all lost the game
I LOST THE GAME!!!!!
uh oh.... RUN!
now it's a horror movie
i will burn everthing
I wana lose.
John Krammer has called, he doesn't like your games.
The game.
dis cord!
Live 2 WIIIINNNNNN
unplug the damn thing
THE GAME ended 3 years ago bu order of /b/
ALL UR ELECTRONICS ARE BELONG TO US
AND THIS IS OUR HERO LADIES AND GENTLECOLTS
its after him
i lost the game
Burn them aaaaaaall!
What do I do h=now>?
we're so dead
NOW IT'S A PORNO MOVIE
beeboobeeboobee....
inkBot: xD
Run! They are comin' fo you!
My damn OC crashed, what happened?
The phone comforts him
00,10wopr is gonna pullup outside in a van next
sit and wait boy. sit and wait
PC*
11,01Remember, The Game.
Crafty computer just made us lose.
It will find you David.
/me plays song of time
phonr compfoting
David on Phone action.
Safety phone!
ALL YOUR ELECTRONICS ARE BELONG TO US.
Nittany_Discord: i lost...
just unplug the computer silly filly
IT'S THE FINAL COUNTDOOOOOOOOOOOWN!
YOUR
Well, ur ded
NOOO
YOU CANNOT HIDE!
its at this point you call someone
your doomed
7 Eleven
The U.S is SCREWED!
Nittany, I will destroy your first-born
SCREWED I SAY!
Why doesnt eh Millitary just unplug the program?
MegaMoonShine: :D
I lost the Game, WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
i havent heard a yay in a long time
00,10black man seems legit
Zecora: Your doomed.
i miss 7 eleven
Following
That man is a SPY!
Stalker
if you HAD to nuke a country whatr country would it be?
he walks funny
/me noms on arm
Guess he went to practice his gunshooting.
Shit.
Ha! The suits!
State Farm, 7/11
oh god, all of these pedophiles
I'm sure that somewhere on the internet is a Joshua/WOPR fic.
RAPISTS
oh noes :O
creeeeepy.
run
Spys everywhere
RUN
oh shit, black guys
sumica i havent hurn a yay in a long time
Ok I may have doomed the world time to get a slurpee
It was just the Eleventh of July. You got free slurpees on that day
Suddenly hit man have come to chase them.
no not suspicous
"Hey, anonymous tip. Any idiot can login by saying Joshua. Might want to fix that, kthxbai." Hangup payphone, run.
Er, a David/WOPR fic
van
lol
He's going to beat him up with the newspaper
Raep tiem!
Aw, shit
They aren't very good at this.
FUCKING RUN
TheXIIILightning: Meh mine is the music for the final boss in Zero 4
PEDOVAN
stalkers
kidnap
G-men!
lol not inconspicuous at all
dat obvious earpiece
oh shit
Why doesn't he just tell the computer to abort the game?
dead
It's the G-men
o god
05,15worst..agents...ever
partyvan
oh shit they have a van
OH BUCK!
Hide your plot
They are DOOMED!
he dead
MAH YOGURT
you raped us
shit a herd of rapists!
EVERYPONY RUN!!!!!! :O
it's the man!
HE DEAD.
11,01Caught.
SCROOOOOOOED
I dont have 7-elevens up here D:
obvious agents are obvious
yay
well, at least it wasn't a white van
Hey kid. I got candy in my van. Want some?
I CALLED IT
BUUUUSTED.
you bought a slushie
what did i do <= that line is kind of ironic
he's ded
you have the right to have no rights
yay
YAY
is this a dream
yay
And they take his Slurpee and drink it
WHO CALLED IT? I DID!
Game over, yeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
Bang Van
and gone
Now rape
POOOOOOOOOOONTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTAAAAHHHHHH!
cartons of cigarettes, $6.99.
11,01Sumi, your pings are on.
Rape
You have to explain wat he did?
v&
yay
van rape
so nobody saw that?
damn early 80s
Fission Mailed
we have toys in our van
Whoa
inb4 he gets raped
Pre-PATRIOT Act. He does have rights.
David's been v&
is Seattle that is punishable by death
05compared to otehr movies etc, that was a really friendly captive
Wooooooah!!!
he lost the game D:
woah nukes
00,10tours of Norad?
in*
now the sex scene...*scene missing* FUUUUUUUUUUUU
05capture*
well david's shit if fucked up
Kid just get's upducted and no on seass it
Flutternukes!!
Gasp what will we do?
pre 9/11
Hopefully he'll get some candy at least
Tactical friendship nukes
kid was never heard from again
Indian?
Press all the buttons
College kids.
push all the buttins
I LIEK BUTTONS
red button
hahaha
Trolololol
DAMNIT
.................
explain to the public how to blow shit up XD
Sumica: Yes, they do give tours. The producers actually went on one in pre-production
:D
TROLOLO
trollolololo
Galaga
That... acting?
05,15Today they would have just thrown him into the van and that would have been the end of it.
TROLL
LOL
Trollll :D
Anyway that's how I lost my medical license.
you sit there you know what I mean
Troll
is it a good idea to have a damn tour after getting trolled by a teenager?
lol
trololo
troll
fuck what did i do
world war 4, this war is so intense it needed two wars
Fucking troll :D
Bonus stage! Fuck yeah
yay
everyone is a troll in this movie
military trolling
MILITARY DONE TROLD YOU
yay
Trollestia strikes again
nice
That's how they troll at Norad
yay
trollface.jpeg
Take him away!
yay
lol
ha ha we made you think you killed us all
if its just asiimulation.. cant they just ignore it or turn it off?
yay
Hai, lets drive you from Seattle to WYOMING.
fluttershy doesn't liek this kid that much
11,01fluttercry: To Guantanamo.
problem men in black?
i love the random yays :D
ʸᵃʸ﻿
YOURE GOING TO JAIL, SON.
YOu gon' get brainwashed
i <3 military fail
WELL MABYE IF HE WASNT CUTE, HE WOULDNT BE RAPED
haha wow. all my super weapons will have that button.
He's the right man in the wrong place
they got him there in 10 seconds flat
Did they drive to Colorado?
waaiiiiit
Lol!!
VISITOR ALERT! VISITOR ALERT!
here we go to SGC
Operatorpony: they dont know its still running.
BOY IT'S JAIL TIME FOR YOU
Go to jail, do not pass go, do not collect $200
Operatorpony, just wait
down...into the depths of MOUNT DOOOMMMMM...wait,wrong movie
Defcon 4
HE WILL GET ANALY RAPED IN JAIL
they just drove from Seattle to NORAD? and the parents didnt know?
I keep hearing DeathCOn
ok its interesting, but I have yet to see how this is an A movie
DEATHCORN
Wait, would the goverment be in trouble too? They were responsible for WOPR.
yay
Tour
er... no, DefCon 4 was standard, they were never at 5 in this era.
disney land
Disney Land
...
Reference!
disney land :D
i want the WOPR from BRGR KING
I wanna go to Disney Land
what are they at now
STRICKLANDF
Wy the hell do you give tours of this place
ewwww
inb4 arguement over A and B movies
It was big budget
wiggin
Mr. Strickland
ive been to disney WORLD
SLACKERS!

SLACKERS!
prank?
Rookeealding: money ?
>Prank
Doesn't seem like it
THAT NEARLY DOOMED THE WORLD MORON
Didney Worl?
05,15Big budget, high critical and fan reception
Stupid phone company.
We just realized this right now!
>Nearly destroys an area
???
the phone company screwed up? not the idiot who didn't safeproof the passowrds?
Rookeealding: It's not a total secret. They get dignataries all the time.
00,10beef, wopa
WAIT. isnt the balded guy the Teacher from back to the future?
Kid looking for toys... HA!
05wopper
CIGAR
beef = wopr
Beef
We screwed, man! We screwed! It's game over, man! Game over!
BEEF UP THE WHOPPER
OH HO HO HO THOSE PUNS
Beef up the whopper?
Hehe, Whopper. Beef
i do
Beef up the WOPR
05,15Fou_Lou I think it is.
SHIT GOT REAL
Are you kidding me? LOOK AT ALL THESE COMPYS
too badass for cigarettes
WHOPPER
Jerk has a point
The goverment is in trouble too.
MAKE IT A DOUBLE WHOPR
BATMAN
00,10and then the double wopr was born.
*WOPR
11,01Triple security around the fries.
A pretty big one, yeah.
a huge bunch of idiots
Niggaplz
mmm beef. mmm wopper
I would hope a whopper would have beef, but with fast food I guess you can never be sure...
dime
THOSE THINGS MUST'VE COST $100 EACH!
A big idiot.
The Wopr is doubled!
that guy IS the same as the general from Red Alert 2. He must be! He just misses the moustache and got hair instead
military got owned
If DefCon 4 was always standard (understandably), then being hacked like that should put them at DefCon 3
SLACKER
Ha! He didn't even pay
Terrorist!! :[
and he's a slacker!
theyre being fooled by a 16 year old :D
JUST LIKE ME
hahah
alienated
yes,he's a nerd,we know
terrorist`
military is so naive
hes Twilight
WAT
slacker
they must have spent a lot of the budget on more than the film
Terrorist!
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllloooooooooooooooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllllllllllllll
He trolled them.
Soviets = SLACKERS
He's a slacker, MUST BE A COMMIE
Classic case.
HES ACOMMUNIST!
General is bored
lol
Wheres the van rape
i seen this movie before i think lol
Damnit John
He wanted to play a game
lawl
He did not know.
kill for fun
HE IS A KILLER
He's obviously a Changeling
lol
He just does it for the Lulz
Gamers are now terrorists!
He's allieged with Communist Trixie!
Prick
I love how, at no point, do they even consider that their security sucks and that they screwed up.
litteh prick
Dam it I want answers.
Just do it!
prick your finger /=/ finger your prick
Smug bastard
pony, what did i miss so far?
I sense a Norman Jayden and Carter Blake relationship
11,01If you're a slacker, you're a communist.
hey its princapal strickland
just like the real goverment
WalkerPony89 *'murica
Where is Prick?
Nice hat
Maybe the kid didn't know he would be launching actual nukes, maybe?
"You want answers?" "I want the truth!" "YOU CAN'T HANDLE THE TRUTH!"
I want answers now! I don't want talking!.... wait wat?
GAAAH! Stupid false nickname use claim!
*'MURICA
infrirmy what did they do to him
oh shit. :O
Nittany_Discord: But, of course!!
This kid must be Ethan Mars
Infirmary/holding cell
He probably saw that pony video about communism being damn sexy and was lured to the other side.
Shake hands in hand cuffs
inb4 Jack Bauer time
what
BWUAHAHAHA
no sir, he can hack using his penis
yet
00,10smoken
weve reached the 1 hour mark
keyword YET
you'd just slow him down
Everythings fine, but the world is gonna destroy.
Good Guy COP
Smoking inside. Must've been a good time to live
>nearly caused World War 3
this was before we trusted middle easterns
in the middle of NORAD, handcuffs are totally necissary
2 years
just getting kidnapped by the military that's all
>no charges filed
all the time
BULLSHIT
Le GASP! :O Kid's smart, MUST BE A COMMIE!!!
RAPE
Cooperate or torture
7 YEARS DUNGEON!
RAPE
* stopped trusting
A little... 'walk'
bad touch
Not just inside. In an _infirmary_
even the alternate time
RAPE
NO TRIALS
I LIEK WALKING DEEEEEERP
BAD TOUCH
MILLION YEARS DUNGEON
Send him to the moon!
a "walk"
molestia approves this
a little WALK OF DEATH AAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA :[
ONE MILLION YEARS DUNGEON
RAPE
No touching allowed.
05,15guys seriously, stop the rape jokes
RAPE
Come to my office young boy ;]
RAPE
:D
Jack Bauer interrogation
It was when we stopped trusting Russians
Why is the government always portrayed as incompetent?
Guys
Shut up.
It's the 80s.
David: ARE THEY GONNA PUT ME IN A DUNGEON IN THE PLACE THEY BANNISH ME? :(
poker and nucluer war are best games
SpadeMagnes[R]: portrayed?
00,10no not joshua, wopr
SpadeMagnes[R]: because it is?
Thats a lot of computers.... I wonder if it can run TF2
SpeedyBolt :(
We all know its going to imply rape
:p
no not wopr, wopper.
If we don't stop with the rape jokes, mods are gonna start kickin'~
I didnt mean it, you :p
NO, they shall send you to the MOOOONN!
wopura
spademagnes[R] sometimes it is
YU CAN'T STEEL PHILOMENA
DEFECON
inb4 we stop trustinng everyone
11,01They were on 4 before then.
Wrong.
BRONYCON > DEFCON > COMICON
thay tink his a spy, they take him on a toure
ww3
booom
WAR!
lol
WWIII
It means we're in the poopoo pit.
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!
Goverment Y U so stupid?
when was the last time Defcon was at 5?
Damn
No big deal
DEATHCORN GUYS ITS SPELT DEATHCORN
dun dund duuun
;rnfc3jemnfr
Why is it when people insult my country's government and the like I cant hate them for it?
ComiCon Trolleys. Mlp. SIT THERE ALL DAY
they think hes lyin'
lol this so funny.
WWIII is WORST war
hu hu
They still have it reversed. I got it wrong earlier, too.
heh heh
It turned on by itself.
look at dat
dat setup
Diidn't we get out of Deathcon and into a new system
Must be his fetish.
A great mind said that the government is like fire. It's good if it's kept under control and used responsibly. But if it gets out of control, well, do NOT let it get out of control.
What is the Defcon for the US right now?
3BowDownToTheSocks, stop the random assortment of letters
they have minds
DEFCON 24984
its selfaware
right now, probably 5
No, Hal9000 did.
AlienWarhead: possibly 4 or 5
I think current DefCon is probably 4
lol they know
that was a joke
Yes, i apologize
LOL fleeing the country
LOl he knows.
NOBODY *snort*
BAD ALIBI
We're at war, remember?
YOU COMMIE SLACKER
Yup. The kid is a commie. Time for an execution
I'm not a terriost.
Not sure if spy
Working with the soviets
>Tara
Nobody is a Bad Aliby
He just wants to protect his girlfriend
:3
Lawyer
16 year old needs lawyer
I HAVE NO EVIDENCE FOR MY ASSERTIONS, YOU MUST BE A COMMIE
TWILIGHT SPARKLE WHY?!
05,15Lawyer up boy
rape
I want to respects my law.
Screw the Lawyer
McCarthy would be proud, you slag.
OBJECTION!
Hey, it worked for McCarthy.
Back.
Mindplay...
I'm going to get a few answers out of you myself ;]
Wrong
I'M A HUMAN BEING I HAVE RIGHTS!
wait wat?
Fone
you..you gonna answer that...
HOLD IT!
phone is loud
No r word jokes.
Get Phoenix Wright!
I'm a lawyer. I say, kid, you're screwed, take the plea deal
Welcome backs Meanwhile
hey whats the movie
hes badass.
srry
and now we move on the rape portion of our talk
WarGames.
Or Miles Edgeworth
Angry sex
ringringringringring BANANA PHONE
hold on just gonna deathstare you for a couple moar minutes
brb everypony
Or Godot
He does not stay.
sure
Hes gon steal the computer
gonna troll
just don't restrain him
inb4heleaves
not gonna escape or anyhting
Leave hacker unattended in room right next to main NORAD control room.
noooo problem at all
i think an error has happened to me, no joke it wont let me use turtlegod98 just because my internet went out for a mommeny.
00,10right security risk, dont trust him. Just leave em in the office.
Dat penetration
PENETRATION
leave the supposed russian terror/spy-ist with a working pc
LOL I do want I WANT.
A very serious penetration.
he's going to penetrate your burger
*RUNS OUT WITH COMPUTER*
Anyone know the 1st pony ep?
english
bright plan
That's what she said
Heheheh. Penetration.
Don't trust him.
PENETRATION....
we dun fck up
Someone penetrated their Whoppers.
OH SHIT! :O
Oh you.
My God.
MR MITCRIKTRICK
Someone penetrated the Whopper
^
nope.jpg
now he hacks the world and sends us into ww4 so badass it skips ww3
RONALD THE RAPEST
Hay otakon17
DETHCON ONE
I think the kids a terrorist even though I have no proof.
WOPR was RAPD
DEATHCORN 3
He is working with DOlan
Dethkon*
Taking a turn for the perverse, are we?
Reagan
Regan.
:O
*Dolan
dat Reagan
Why dont they turn the freaking machine off
Dat defcon
Dethklok*
Dunno
00,10cant launch till at 1, lets move closer to 1
LOL time for mischief.
THEY DON'T KNOW OBAMA
What?
whY DON'T YOU HAVE SECURITY GUARDS
Fou_Lou: Because plot
err... WHAT "no rape joke" warnings.
Don't do it
Fou_Lou: it does ot work that way -_-
DUMBASS
NOES.
hey, those codes that can launch the nukes when we're at defcon 1 has bveen stolen. let's up the defcon level some
Joshua
hello
No, Dethcon. A Heavy Metal convention
11,01Defcon 1.1
Hiya AttacktheAndalite
Somepony say my name?
IDIOT
At this point, they have no idea that the machine is a fully-functional AI.
wat?
Yeah, leave the kid with a computer
Fou_Low: i know right
trololool
don't, kid.
BUMBASS!
STOP DOING THAT
DAMMIT.
Dethclop.
wat
STOP DOING THAT
WOOOOOOOOOO
WAHT IS THIS LITTLE IDIOT DOIING?
Nobody is watching him?
You're gonna kill us all!
You cant be serious?
Kid don't make things worse as it is.
hello
guy said, i'm not going to start wwIII. joshua was said, and shut down. Kid was said, sed 'I'd start WW4, cuz it'll last 4ever'
!
Oh
Hello? Is this me you looking for?
Except her.
:p
STOP HIM!
._.
genius.jpg
69%
TYPE STOP GAME
My stream is derping a bit though
o___o
HOLY SHIT
DAMNIT
im a pinkie pie fan
HOLY SHIT
ouch
oh shit
shit
:D
HOLY FUCK! :O
DAYUM
OH SNAP
D:
are those Russian deaths?
HOLY
that's a lotta dead.
Bubsy: Whoat, you still playing this thing?
69%
Fallout 3! :)
What was the US population in the 80's?
lol
:O NOOOO!
I'm not. I just lost The Game. Again >.<
all for a good cause
only 72 mil?
Is this the real life>
oh boy
Uh oh.
I MEANT A SAD FACE
Damnit Josh!
oh shit
"Oh, wow"
YUCK
thAT'S WHAT SHE SAID
:)
is this real life
Is it just fantasy?
You are a hard man to reach ;]
Is this the real life?
Well, that's a bummer
Don't tell him whats real
what.
HARD
69% they be trolling
Dammit
is this just fantasy?
Okay. The voice was coming from a speaker connected to his home computer. I think the directors forgot about that.
Does anyone know the U.S population in the 80's?
hax
STOP HIM!
Heya otakon17! Why the 17?
DUMBASS
Fuck.
Kid, move
:O
SHITSHITSHIT
HITLER QUICK
GET OFF
bad move kid
RUN!
HURRY
Mobile
WAT
STOP THAT MAN!
GOOSE ISLAND
RRUUUN!
God damnit
At a local bar that has wifi
GROOSE ISLAND
HALT CRIMINAL SCUM1
Slacker!
idiots
Um.
:S
SPY
DAMN...
no one reads the damn machine
WHY DIDN'T YOU PUT SECURITY
ESPIAN I
YOU'VE VIOLEATED THE SPY
caught
He's a Spy!
Since no wifi at house still
dat lil bastard
:P
CHANGELINGS
RED SPY IN THE BASE!
YOU FOOLS
IDIOTS
actually, they are actiong proper here. the kid was stupid
buffering
I hate that woman now.
spy in the blue base
hey boys its a spy!
05,15Kandarihu either that, or the voice is in his head and they used it so the computer feels more like a character.
We will not listen to him until it's too late!
he's a spy
Doesn't matter though, stream won't play
That spy is not one of ours.
^
RAPE
THat guy is aspy
00,10daper guard is daper.
Are they acting proper or being idiots?
Meanwhile: horrible spy...
sexy time
fluttercry, that makes sense too.
they be touching lil kids
RAPE
that room is what exactly
;)
look at him.. he has to be
men we have a traitor here!
hey Princapal Strickland is in this
oh god it's the walking dead freezer scene again
pffft
Shamroc: Indeed.
sexy time
Dat guy is a playa.
?
rape
WOW, GOOD DETENTION CENTER
smooth
secure military base. No brig.
Meanwhile: cant cloack
otakon17: That sucks. Wargames is great so far
hey whats the movie
cant disguase
>Tennis
HE GONNA GET HIGH
That Spy ain't on our gear, GET DOWn
So do you think they acted like they should with the kid?
hey whats the movie
Where's the bath salts?
OH BOY
No guard inside?
NICE PRIZON
Again...No one watches him?
therainbowvortex: Wargames
Why do they keep putting him in the infermery/
Yes it does suck
he's too smart to have bad grades
He lacks lockpicking skills
Lockpick
whozzat
puzzle time
Because they're idiots
Shamroc: That's F2Pers for you.
You've got a tasty lookin' face!
don't they have proper holding cells?
try a paper clip
Not sure if Doctor's office or prision?
NittanyDiscord hey Princapal Strickland is in this
Macyvur this shit
05now where do they stash the good drugs?
00,10MacGyver would be out of that room on a home built tank in like 5 min.
inkBot, I'd say that both the kid AND the military are acting properly, just that the military has incomplete information but does the most appropriate thing for what they do know.
xD
OohShiny: hes toosmart to have good grade
i know what this is
HAHAHA
fluttercry, the computer specifically has an automated voice. It was mentioned by Jennifer, David's girlfriend.
Not a good idea for a prision.
SpadeMagnes[R]: I think they did, but leaving him all alone with no one to supervise him was a dumb move on their part
Wrek: Ah, here they are
OOPS, I ACCIDENTALY FOUND SECRET SHIT
fail
lol
LIKE A BAWS
And the net here is iffy as hell
....
He's doing the first thing to do in a Point and click game
otakon17 I thought you were unable to get on the internet
AHA
one level short of an insane aylum
Omfg :D
jackpot
... hacker hacks.
fluttershy: i forgot sry
LOl scissors.
Concealed Weapons!!
Wait a second
Sumica: more like 2 minutes
snip snip
Macgyvur this shit
O_o
STEAL EVERYTHING
I've used this trick before
IshMangoPony: At a BAR
now the question is if this actually happened would the military have the smarts to listen to a kid?
o yeah!
mcqyver moment
HA! found the sharp things!
WAT
don't forget the ductape
worst sercurity ever
LOL stupid govermetn.
yay
Kill the military base!
weed.
yay
00,10sweet a DAT
Hello jim, I want to play a game
yay
LOL Pot
possible PCP
yay
StinkomanFan: And then rub it against everything else
lol
I JUST BEAT PORTAL 2! Twilight Sparkle approves. :)
USE SOME MARIGUANA AND POSSIBLY PCP. THE RADIO
clever
AND I SAY HEY
They locked the kid in with a bunch of secret equipment and shit? Riiiiighht.
yay
WHAT'S GOIN ON
I'm gonna save the world!
Kandarihu, yeah kinda. but the kid should've figutred messing with the terminal would be a bad idea
Yay Portal 2
Congrats ShadowQuill :)
ShadowQuill: what did you think of the ending ? :)
Somebody's getiting productive :3
11,01Lolmnop
sounds legit
No, it's an exam room.
Marijuana is legal in Canada for medical use.
sergio_scriptor: SO AWESOME
otakon17 well theres somepony here who will be glad to know your here, HEY Bjornfot, OTAKON IS HERE, YOU CAN MOLEST HIM NOW
congrats shadow! :D
/me facehooof
ShadowQuill: :) indeed
ShadowQuill HEY WANNA ADD ME ON STEAM I'M GETTING PORTAL 2 IN ABOUT 10 DAYS :D my steam is cookiemaster7
Kid's a regular MacGuyver.
Why did they not handcuff him? Oh wait this is the 80s.
Seems legit
Oh, wait. No.
I JUST LOST THE GAME. TWILIGHT SPARKLE APPROVES:)
terrible pickup lines
lol
I have a friend who uses marijuana to treat seizures.
CHOCOLATE MILK
Denver, Oh no!
DUMB ASS
MacGuyver in his early years
Now punch
IDIOT
05SMART KID
No
lol
No.
He just got your code
Oh wait this guy is smart
AppleJackTheOneAndOn: How to add you on steam?
:I
00,10loud keypad is loud
05SRSLY
Mean.
No
Troll kid
rejected
nope
hax
he recorded the input!!
....
THE FUCK
I have to pee! Nope.
The door lock....
SAPPIN MA DOOR
rejected
DTMF FTW
lol
05,15So he's a spy?
:O
Spy sappin my door.
lol
wow
dat hack
HUH
Is on the INSIDE OF THE FUCKING DOOR?!?
spy sappin mah door
...
My god
what?
To be honest how would the guard know he hacked the pad
ShadowQuill just tell me your username i will add you
Hax!
chat derpd refreshing
:D
trololol
:D
Spy :D
o.O
This kid is smart as heck
dial tone on keypad?
:D
SPAH SAPPIN MAH DOOR
He's a genius!
MAGIC
dayum.
sexy time
RAPE!
RAPE
Like I said, kid's a regular MacGuyver.
Flirtin
Oh, flirty.
clever
He hacked a door with a tape and a syringe..... hes good
little macguyver
Wait, wat?
AppleJackTheOneAndOn: psn_shadyshiv
ORIGINAL
That's original
dat harrassment
Tone activated door?
that's orignal
:|
Bjornfot: I won't be here for long
hes a hacker BUT IS HE A SNEAKER?
/me molests otakon17
his hittin on er
HARRASMENT!!!!!
military really sucks there
Oh wow
MIDNIGHT RAPES
05,15Guys, again, stop the rape jokes.
this kid is smart
Lock pick : 99
"!"
Lol stupid goverment.
mewvie night
give this kid some gaffa tape and he could rule the world
He truly is a genius
this reminds me of short circut 2...
otakon17 but you will be here long enough muahahahahahaha!
hey
Have you learned nothing? Geeze, bronies :|
This is the US military, people.
hai thur
:[ fluttershy approves of your rape
No one hears him.
Fluttercry: Just start kickin' people if they persist.
what's on?
Macgyver has nothing on this kid
sneaking
Faaailll
00,10his stealth has improved sence school
Lockpick Level:MacGuyver
Worst cop ever.
Sneak +
Too incompetent to keep a single teenager under lockdown.
Sneaking 100
sounds like mj
Stealthy
Cut the rape jokes. Seriously.
Sneaking 100
Wait a second
XD
Goddammi
clever son of a bitch.
He needs a cardboard box
Good thing his sneak skill is 100
....?
leave the girl alone dude
Oh god, watch out David.
Do you want me to leave? Yes.
He is a rogue
NO MORE RAPE JOKES
ding
SHIT
ill be back
FUCK
t
worst FBi ever
Crap gotta hide!
SHIT GOT REAL
:D
Jensen
ninja
SHIT
MacGyver had better hair lol
ON THE CEILING
Stream just keeps freeszing
I see he likes to be a Rogue
:O NO!!!
lolz
Get a cardboard box
...
Classic
USE THE CLOAK
LOCKPICKING! LOCKPICKING!
Ha!
ninja!
This sucks ass
THAT DOESN'T WORK
and where is he going?
Goddammi. God of Lust
way too close
Lol stupid govermetn.
Ninja time
all of the hacking in the world can't save him now
guys, he said no. Stop thrusting these jokes into the chat
WHat do you think his level is?
lol cardboard box
ninja
and Wrath
Goin Gordan Freeman Style
indavent
riiiight...
Is this still in Chicago?
when will tah film end
I iz a ninja.
Wrathful Lust
AlienWarhead: "hehe,that is right idiots im just a box"
This is NORAD.
Die Hard that shit
NinjaHacker
SpadeMagnes[R]: Over 9000?
otakon17 Bjornfot will probably love to do that to you
Here's hoping your PE grades where real
Adam Jensen's early years
Its loud, and uncomfortably warm here
3...2...1...
Polydunami: yeah, or close I think
HAX
I bet Solid Snake would be able to get in that base
otakon17: it fixed for me after i refreshed a few times
00,10brok the door too.
HE HAS ESCAPED
buissness men
05turtlegod98: when the credits roll, why?
Watch as he climbs down too far and finds SG-1 HQ
00,10smart
He probably did not esccape.
lol
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLL
Damn, thats awesome :D
Did this kid get taught by Solid Snake?
:D
changed password
Salad Snack
YES.
He even changed the code!
HE'S LOOKING FOR DIAMONDS IN HIS MINESHAFT
Chicago is the centre of the universe :3
444666 is the code. thats a real safe code -.-
little solid snake
SpadeMagnes[R]: This kid taught Solid Snake.
DocSane Sg-1:)
BELIEVE IT
That's great.
DIAMOND MINE
Meanwhile.
...
he's chuck norris long lost son and is adopted
00,10just happend to come up in the warroom
i wana go to bed, it's 1:13 am
RosePetal.
Stargåte
Final.... Goddammit
man this site isn't working rigth
*facehoof*
SNAKE SNAAKE SNAAAAAKE
macgruber jr
ugh
Every security fail possible.
so sneaky
Get the door breaching shotgun
allo Meanwhile
gaaah
kill one of them then take there outfits
His stealth and hacking are augmented
This kid is the master of good luck.
turtlegod98: mine is 02:13 :|
Allo DaringDude.
THAT'LL open it
Lol sneaking like a boss.
solid snake.jr
see trixie lately?
The net here sucks it goes in and out all the time
The security here is horrible.
Hey DaringDude
¬¬
It's also the 80s too.
:p
stealth skill is 100
Solid Snark
james bonds son
CLANG!
00,10hey scoot
05,15He's obviously J.C. Denton
although there was a time when our nuclear launch codes were "123456"
/me licks otakon17
God damn guards!
05,15or Adam Jenson
this kid is getting all the good doce rolls
He has light armor sneaking equiped
Hey, Scootaloo!
Splinter Cell
What a shame
hello AttacktheAndalite :)
HE DIED
Hey it's the 80s what do you expect from the goverment?
...Why hasn't the CIA shot him dead yet?
SILENCE
WEll people should never get THAT far ito the place.. thast why securty is lighter
otakon17 at least you have Bjornfot and Bronysith to molest you
wow...i like how no one sees him...considering how pale he is :/
Come on kid just walk around like you own the place, no one will notice.
It's Arkham Asylum
lololol
Fail :D
1..2..3..GO
man this kid is good with the D20
Shitty security in a government building. Seems legit
he's both mcguyver and solid snake in a 16 year old body. This guy gets more unbelivable by the minute
He's almost killed ALL OF NEVADA!
watch
Well hello everypony!
/me grabs Bjornfots tongue and cuts it off.
Dress?
hubba hubba
@fluttercry He didn't ask for this
And here..... we..... GO.
tour group
ooooh upskirt
Hehehe
Wow, they all think he's still in there.
Allo Reikim
Hiya Reikim
hey Reikim whats up?
Move quick yo!
@jacob how often do you stare into the vents below the stairs?
<3
Nice position, there, David
Trolollolol.
With a bit of Batman thrown in'
....
00,10join the tour, clever.
hahaha
StinkomanFan: Due process. After than, then they'd probably kill him
Who the hell does a tour in a government complex?
Camouflage
Blend Desmond, BLEND!
I see I got here in time for at least part of the B-movie.
So what's his plan here? Run into the room full of people who think he's a spy
Operatorpony: thats because the wargames computer is reachable by normal telephone?
sneak into the group
The 80s.
God damnit
Wait...shouldn't guards be protecting every corner?
0,14A movie
05,15!?
/me uses lizard regeneration spell on Bronysith's tongue
lol
Well this guy is?
Speech Skill 100
'Ello Reikim! You missed most of the movie so far!
Sneak around and stealth takedown them
Hehehe :D
This is A
Jerk
Moron
Fou_Lou: limited technology of the times
THEN Y U HOLD HIM
LOLOL
Why did you stop ihim
bluff: 55
Jerk.
Now rage
3 2 1
douche
lololololololol
Dumbasses
Oh, so I'm early. Well that works too.
ESCAPE
lol
IshMangoPony: That was Bjornfot tongue
smooth moves, smart guy
didn't that door slide?
lolz
BRB guise
Weve been tricked!
Pfft.
bye
BAI!
But it seems his CASIE mod malfunctioned.
TROLL
lol ownded
He is the master rogue
"Bai"
XD
Get off to go to the bathroom
LOl.
He's like an Assassin!
Search everywhere!
why was the tour group even there
:3
NORAD
Faaaaiiiiil
Mission completed
bye bye
Lolwin
Ehehe, I'd have been here earlier, except I was too busy enjoying my new copy of Brawl.
get your GODDAMN HEAD DOWN
otakon
LEVEL UP
government got pwned by 16 year old guy
The level of implausibility is over 9000.
epic escape
badass
soo broken
Operatorpony: Thats very hard to belive.
/me uses lizard regeneration spell on Bjornfot's tongue
mad computor is ronery
Ninja exit
He is the next solid snake
Dat high tech comp <3
00,10my wopr goes wubwubwubwubwub
Yes?
still thought he shoulda hid under a box
alexxm: cause we like showing off how big of a set of balls we have..
WOPR
Exp earned: 3000
man this thing reminds me of Hal
mission completed
its the wopr!
I have a bad feeling.
Reikim: Lucky bastard. I'd love to play Brawl again
The WOPR!
WOPPR
05,15SNAAAAKE EATERRRRRRRR
well...i guess pre 9/11 they were alot more laxed with security
guys, the blinking lights look wrong
Sumica: Oh you
This is based off a true story too.
so long suckers d\David away
anyone seen the Watson episode of Jeopardy?
wubwubwubwubwub
Oh yeah, work those LED's baby!
WalkerPony89: What happened to your copy?
Your entire life has been a methematical error
just a regular 80s super computer with all those flashing lights that probably doesnt mean anything
Circle
Whopper*
i want a cheeseburger now otakon17
Is it really?
I always knew the McDonalds guy was evil
yay
Land of the free and home of the whopper.
Oh shit
D:
Reikim, play Snake in the Boss Rush mode. It BREAKS IT!
And freeze again ..... Goddamn my life.
i wonder what purpose all those shining lights have
How did no one notice that?
Optimus?
oh buck
The data is off the charts, as indicated by these flashign lights!
lol
so many dun dun duuuns in this mivie
I thought it was the Burger King?
movie*
WAIT THEY NEVER LOOK AT THE SCREEN THIS IS THE DUMBEST MILITARY EVAH OF ALL FUCKING TIME
I beat Boss rush in SIX MINUTES with him!
INB4 he gets hired by the government as soon he turns 18
Time to call
Reikim: Sold it and my Wii years ago. Got the urge to play the game again after SuperBrony64|AFK played it awhile ago
now he's just THAT awesome
Bronysith you can use otakon's buns, if ya know what I mean
00,10Bo is that you?
Fou_Lou: Probably to monitor individual circuits.
uh guys Wopper is Burger King
He'll escape to Canada
hitch hikers
you can "regenerate" my tongue any time ;D
My god.I
Reikim: Played and streamed, that is
Lol I DO what I want.
he must escape
Oh Meanwhile, you so crazy
call collect
OH use the stupid code
hack it
Fou_Lou: And to look cool.
00,10time to hack at&t
a drone strike will kill him
knock knock knock
hack the system!
Fou_Lou: Even the most worthless thing, becomes scienc-y when you add lights to it. Just watch Feeling Pinkie Keen
HACKING
hack the phone!
The military is probably the smartest government force.
out of money..... Hacking time
This kid knows everything, man
Science skill 100
Yeah, he plays it sometimes. I got the new copy partially so I could challenge him.
Speed is fine
Very fine haxxinf
hack the phone
Kevin Mitnick style!
Is he capn crunch or someone
All of the hack skills!!!
whitewashed tardis
Phone Phreaking 101.
Frequer
m facepalming at this.The usa military seems retarded on here.
But the net here randomly dcs
he just needs a clips
This kid is worse than the Hackers folks for breaking into random shit.
Um.
lololol
Once again, I iterate: Kid's just a regular MacGuyver!
Hack the stone
is there a single goddamn thing he doesn't hack?
Search skill 100
gets hit by a car
super hacker
So, where's a kid to find an acoustic modem around here?
The fuck did this kid roll stats on?!
This kid just LOVES commiting property damage doesn't he
phone hack is best hack
You need a Repair skill of 50 to attempt to fix this phone
HUH
the girls heart
OH BULL
No way :D
whoa
00,10hacking skill 256
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
wut
WHat was that?
Old school hacking.
magic
woah
Reikim: I was amazing a Melee back in the day. I'd love to see how I fair against him in Brawl
hack skill 9000
This kid has fooled everyone.
This is how phones work.
that used to wirk
TheXIIILightning: the machine in pinkie keen wasnt worthless. but i know what you mean ^-^
What the heck? How is that supposed to work?
he remembered teh number
THAT MAKES NO BUCKING SENSE
What is this that a soda can tab?
wow
Repair skill 100
yay pulse dialing
he must be trizie
Do you believe in magic?
Those phones
Phones work EXACTLY like that.
This kid's stats are through the roofs
Brawl's got different physics.
11,01But will he blend?
in a young girl's heart
Seriously, that would work on the old rotary dial phone.
Hacking 100, Repair 100, Stealth 100...
He's a master hacker sneaker, speaker
This kid has all the skills
05,15Nittany_Discord that is the Question
o.O
Now please.
he is getting crit rolls like a mother bucker
Totally Adam Jenson.
this kid is a marty stu
ok.... THIS KID CANT EXIST, hes an impossible character. 15 year olds cant be this smart and keep failing school
best memory ever
Logic: 9000000000
What does that mean? That boy need therapy.
Shit
Fou_Lou: I think Spike used that thing on Pinkie's head to make Pasta, or something P
this kid is mcgyver
I kind of miss wavedashing in Brawl. Going to have to download Project M.
Reikim: I know, but still. I was pretty good at Brawl, though. The two games can't be THAT different
P
He is augmented
This guy is the boss
sorry bout that
this kid is a gary stu!
11,01And can he find out why kids love Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
BUFFER! NOOOOOOO
how the music can free her whenever it starts
hes has a lot of skills in the 100's He must be at level 30
How the shit is this guy failing school?
00,10are you falken kidding me
/me attacks otakon17 with lightning
TheXIIILightning: lol. never seen that
that woman is a robot
o_o
This kid could hack the white house.
yoga
woah
He can believe it's not butter
Whoa...
More excerise.
dat flexibility
SpadeMagnes[R]: same reason i am.....i dont care
80s yoga pants
oh my
YOGA FIRE! YOGA FLAME!!
stretch
fanservice
05,15faaaanservice
/me is fried
Dat stretching
Darf14: he probably cheated
DAVID?!
I need you now!
11,01Can he hack the orange house?
*bang Bang bang bang*
Nittany_Discord, Why DOES Cinnamon Toast Crunch love kids?
Dem leg warmers
DAVID!
F A L K E N on goose something island
I'm kinda in trouble
Can he discover how many licks it takes to get to the center of a Tootise Pop?
o.O
moving
it's kinda your falt
/me uses a defib on otakon17 to heal him
Airline ticket?? Thats like $50 man!!
I'll pay you back with a kiss.
11,01Kandarihu: CTC is a pedophile.
Nothing I tottaly didnt doom the world
this will help me when i get captured by the government trying to modify the times Square putting Smile up
FUCK
She's actually kind of hot
oh crud
Goddammit stupid net work!
/me attacks otakon17 and WalkerPony89 with lightning
O SHIT
yoga LIKE A BAWS
OS!
SHIT
>Oregon
Pepsi!!!!!
o god!
It's kind of her fault too.
This kid doesnt get a break
/me is fried again
:<
Close the door, dumbfucl
after movie night i think im going to play New Vegas
time to run
HE'S GOIN' TO OREGON!
I may or may not have doomed the world
uh oh
FCI?
IT'S THE FEDS! RUN!
(like the government isn't tapping her phone)
Seriously?
TO FLEE FROM ZOMBIES!
Okay. Terribly sorry. I should've stopped typing that as soon as I realized how creepy that sounds.
You just noticed, Lucid? :3
sweet jesus, no.
They put a tracker on him?
they know it's not real...
Yeah
mmm vodka
Anyone ever play DefCon?
UNPLUG THE FUCKING SYSTEM
Organ trail is best trail.
/me deflects the lightning with his defib and fires VikkeTheVikingMetalZ
east coast noooooo!
Sim
GOD DAMN IT
I haven't been here the whole time
Dem Soviets
Bum Dun Dun Dun.
VODKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!
Oh.
IDIOTS
Vodkaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
/me is unnafected by lightning
lol
reatard military!
they are comming with VODKA!
Morse code?
SANDVICH!
goddamn REMFs
Russian dancing ponies
fatty
hope you learned vodka
THESE PEOPLE ARE ABSOLUTE MORONS
whopper
Oh.. wopr has eyes
So our military is a bunch of morons?
Shut down the system and redo the security
jk
Good to know
WOPR is going to win this game.
18 hours left.
ahurrdurr
damn buffer
Jeez, 2 days passe already? It's already Dawn of the Final Day?
THE CLOCK IS TICKING!
/me passes out SANDVICHES all around! Enjoy!
CriticKitten: basically yes
eeyup
, what happned?
what you expect? its the us military
Damn whopper we should have got a Big Mac
Theme of this movie: Do not place absolute trust in machines.
its a game. its all in good fun.
wait.. he got on the plane?
And the parents don't know anything.
thanks Kurra
USA military is so...idiotic on here.
>Don't check if it's some other country's first
i can come with a better security system then them
00,10supprise!
oh hai
It won't stabilize!
There weren't any Bronies in the Military back then. They would have been the smart ones
/me eats a SANDVICH
o_o
supplies!
Actually, for the most part. Yes, they are
HOW IN THE
Gasp the cops.
I like how the one guy at the place that knows how to system works SAYS ITS A SIMULATION!!!! And everyone seems to forget.
Thanks Mate!
FLIGHTY
BROAD
Wouldent a 16 year old leaving the country look suspecious
....
only a 3 hour drive
Surprise Mothafucka!
Lmao
This girl... she's not smart
00,10yeah she is dumb
I doomed the world
The grade
Lol
lol
Quick_Thinker:A baby could
WHAT!?
XD
-_-
XD
Yes.
:D
wow, very dumb
ONLY A 3 HOUR DRIVE
...:(
she has NO clue
Military cares about kids grades :D
no!
FBI give all the fucks about your grade.
tha's only like... A PAYCHECK OF GAS
lmao
dumb braud
00,10feds are after him for giving you an A
Speed is fine, but for some reason the connection "sputters"
:P;):):(
Do the hustle
05oi sexy yound lady, you is your IQ down the toilet?
I plunged the world in a Nuclear War.
JUMP FOR IT
I'm on a boat!
Quick_Thinker: yeah dont plug the damned misssile starting computer the the normal phone
Meanwhile: Of course!
05young*
StinkomanFan: If it's not 'MURICAN, it must be COMMIE!
Sumica: He forgot to say prayers
It's because he gave you an A that the FBI IS AFTER HIM, YOU DUMBSHIT.
They can't catch us here.
It connects disconnects connects
00,10good thing she is hot.
Everybody look at me cause I'm sailing on a boat!
He dissappeared!
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9
Are the parents aware of where their kids are?
Is this Wargames?
XD CRITIC KITTEN!
free boat transport
He's only mostly dead.
You don't get it.
SpottedDog: No emote spam pls :|
Cause they are not smart, and neiter are you
JOSHJOSH
He's gonna cry...
THE GAME
00,10SpottedDog, dont emote spam
;)
For Reals Reals.
JOSHI WHY
I fucking hate living in the only house without internet
Dont cry :(
oh, Wargames
We All lost
JESmith71, there weren't any bronies PERIOD back then. That's back when MLP really WAS only for little girls. The anti-bronies of today are going by memories of back then.
Joshua is best troll :$
Titanic music now please
In hindsight, playing as the Soviets was a bad idea.
<3
MWAH
Well, it IS kinda farfetched
>The Game
FFFFFFFFFF
hes gonna cry manly tears
I KNEW IT MILITARY COVERUP I WAS RIGHT ALL ALONG (i took a guess at a movie i have never seen and won) :$
David
Emotional scene!
Well, that may be because the concept of this movie is pretty damn hard to swallow, David
Now kiss
I know I know
The problem is Falken designed an AI as an operating system and nobody realizes that.
David
Kiss!
Third time I lost
eat her face!
KISS
I haven't been in this stream in a while, how is it lately? Also, what are we watching
Will a kiss make up for it?
JOSHUA! JASUN!
took me long enough to recognize it >_<
KISS KISS
Now kiss!
awwwwwwww yeah!
Cheek??? AWWWW
let me kiss you to imply everything will be better soon
NOW KISS
YES!
Aww
And it could be this way for the next two weeks
pfff
oooo
Hothothothothothothothothothothot
:3
now KISS
U CALL THAT A KISS?
could have been worse. As the Soviets, WOPR would have launched ALL the missiles.
hawwwwwwwwwwnk
kiss!
PUSH HER IN THE OCEAN!
damn internet came back just in time
drpony: war games
hot ferry actioin
eag;e
Believe in the me who believes in you!
hmmm birdire
...Is his name David or Jashua?
Kandarihu: just seen a G1 Ep with my girlfriend...
birdie*
wtf
Kissu, Kissu
00,10incoming!
Nothing can go wrong.
i am quite suprised
Dat bird
wait wat
is that a goddamn pterodactyl
/me hugs otakon17
*Joshua
HOW WAS IT
random
terradatcl?
wat
wtf
Dinosaur
what the shit
this is a good film so far
Dinosaur!
teradactyl?
is that a ptero?
Dat remote control
dafuq
Fou_Lou how was it
That's why I meant that there Bronies in the miliarty back then, because they didn't exist
....
The fuck?
Fou_Lou: Only G1 episode you need to see is the pilot.
caw caw
lolwut?
WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Lets frolic in the meadow!
robot
the fuck
daafuq-png
Jurrassic Park!
dino?
IT'S A GODDAMN PTERODACTYL!
Are they on Jurrasic Park?
Yumil, lets cut WalkerPony89 into bite sized chum, I'll use his face to make a hat, and his spine as a backscratcher
It's a toy
So they didn't figure out that the only other person's grade he changed was the one who they should have tapped the phone?
suddenly: Jurassic Park!
StinkomanFan: David is the guy, Joshua is David's dead kid methinks
buffer
nah, mom's thinking that too.
When did this become jurrassic park?
05in soviet russia the wopper picsk what will be on it at burgerkign itself, not you.
A Dinosaur..... seems legit
they went back to the prehistoric era
lol
impossible
is that a dinosaur
Dafuq
wait... WTF
Hawk!
oh lol
FALKEN
oh
@kandarihu thinking what?
What is this, Birdemic?
THAT;SA NTOT A DINOSAUR. IT'S A FLYING REPTILE
da fudge?
O SHIT!
It's a plane.
remote
that's cool i guess
05in other words, there will be pickleds
05s
Dr Who?
GTHAT'S FAKE
QUICK, CALL THE DINO THUNDER.
Oh, it's just some NERD
That it looks like a pterodactyl
o...
stephen king
its the Doctor
Dr. Robert.
oh bother.
:D
Pity.
Oh....shit :D
PALENOOLIGY!
Pity
No we're high school students.
I mean they got the fact that they booked trips to paris
alexxm: for kids. G1 is ok but its not more than a kids show
Youre on my Land! :[
BILL NYE THE ARCHOLIGIST
damn kids
/me removes VikkeTheVikingMetalZ's bones and grinds them into flour to make bread >:3
i like his accent
It's tresspassing.
Do you own a Blue Phonebooth?
That guy looks like one of the many, many Doctors
FUN FACT the USSR almost luanched a strike on the US becuas there systems told them the US launched misslies due to clouds
ok Fou_Lou
20 GOTO 10
lol
HE IS SPEAK JIBBERISH
oh
00,10man that name opens all locks dont it.
....uh.
Now turn
well..." high school students"
DUNDUN
my son?
How do you know this?
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!
dramtic dude
uh oh...
O_O
Dramatic turn
wat?
WalkerPony89 hahahaha (regenerates bones
)
josh
Y SOEAK HE NO PROPER GRAMMAR ENGLISH?
dun dun
derpy_pony: Depends on the state
No, it would be controversial.
He looks kinda like the doctor...
o god
alexxm: she wanted to watch it because she loved it as a kid
Plays for 10 seconds and then freezes solid
REVELATION!
dramatic beeps
oh noes pointless lights
and he was having SUCH a good day :D
WOPPER
11,01Evil sandwich.
BREAK THE WOPR WITH A CROWBAR BEFORE IT DOOMS US ALL
Whooper
CUE THE LAW & ORDER 'DONK DONK'
REVELATION!
Goddammit
eNRay is strangely aroused
so many lights
UNPLUG THE FUCKING SYSTEM
11,01Pew
The password is ALWAYS "Swordfish".
Gratz, you linked something LC linked ages ago.
/me removes VikkeTheVikingMetalZ once again to make more bread
/me swings axe at WalkerPony89
/me noms samvich
I just jump back in and the first image I'm welcomed to is a man carrying a pteradactyl
wop is just an annagram of POWR
PEWPEW LAZORGUN!
OH IM SURE ALL OF THOSE BUTTONS ARE FUNCTIONAL
00,10SpadeMagnes[R], they dont know
Cue the Meet The music
Ohh, ADZ
Err, I mean "Joshua"
Penetrating
Gasp Alaska is Revolting!
wopr
wopr gone kill us all.
do a reboot
It was fine the other day too
os
Nobody realized WOPR was an AI, huh.
let the president fly an ufo into the system core and install a virus
Dat touchscree
They have no reason to believe the system is running a simulation on its own accord.
/me throws mysterious bread at VikkeTheVikingMetalZ, causing him to miss his swingi
Palin has lost her mind!
wait... is WOPR playing as the Russians then???
So this scientist who created a huge technological marvel used by the US military faked suicide and they bought it....goddamn the stupid hurts so much....
oh snap
And on my shitty connection as well
Now at Defcon 2
:O
2 Backfires? That's not much of a strikeforcee
where all screwed!
The peasants are absolutely revolting
AWOOOOOOOOOOOOGA!
OH SNAP
Awoooga!!!
:O
Defcon 2!
OS OS OS OS OS OS OS
damn internet
Awoooga!!! :[
AUUUUUUGA!
Wait they INSTALED WOPR BUT DIDNT KNOW IT WAS A AI?
Code Red were at Code Red!
Missle Command
AWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGA!
AWOOOOOOGA 2 : Return of the AWOOOOOOOOGA
/me nomz bread and swings ax down at WalkerPony89
ALL HANDS ON DERP!
Mica, don't suppose u ever got that text?
we all knew alaska would eventually revolt
Those.....aren't F-16's
CriticKitten: No, he didn't fake his death from the military. They still send him pension checks.
fake
Why would you instal something YOU DONT KNOW WHAT IT ACTUALLY IS
Attack them with our swag blasts!
F-15
Joshua is best troll
AWOOOGA 2: Nuclear Boogaloo
AWOOOOOGA
good afternoon everypony
Is anyone getting ten seconds of stream then utter freeze?
It's the 80s.
Attack the darkness!
the amount of RP in this chat is too damn high
/me summons zombies and throws them at WalkerPony89
Conyst: obviously, they can see russia from their houses
Gah
DROP THE FRIENDSHIP NUKES!
otakon17: no me
00,10I got it this morning when I turned on my 4g antena
*not
it must be Invisable!
dat stare
Despite my best efforts I still can't stream.
SpadeMagnes[R]: The same way your parents install Toolbars...
otakon17 I was, and I probably will
nope otakon17
computer trolls the whole usa military
Crystal Palace? We have the Crystal King on our side?
What is up with his voice?
:O
ah, lol
What the hell
0,14Settle down folks
OS GHOST PLANES
SEND IN THE FLUTTERNUKES
Figures
Computer is trolling you
alien
they have invisible planes
OS
Troll machine
xD
RosePetal: Pilto voic
10 mins
14 hours.
e
Troll :D
o shit
need moar dakka
OH NOES
he be trollin
swag rays go
Trolld
/me uses a defib to kill the zombies and toses their flaming corpses at VikkeTheVikingMetalZ
Yup
hate detected fireing orbital friendship cannon
They're all going to die
00,10falken you man I live in vegas
New Vegas
SWAG RAYS GO
Gasp the orgins of Jurassic Park.
05nukign vegas will only casue new vegas
Despite all my rage I am still just a rat in the cage.
....
Falken wants us dead, Sumi
We see a pink alicorn. Says she's from Crystal Empire! :D
how the fuck is nuke biblical?
Rape
PHANTOMS RUSSIANS!IT'S RASPUTIN AIRFORCE!
Yay! Story time!
Tell you a touching story
well, you install what?
wopper is a spy
Bedtime stories! Yay!
/me is flicks fire zombies away
Oooh, tell me a story daddy
So he knows it's happening but doesn't give a single fuck?
Wooooo
hahaaha:P
heres a touching story
dinosaurs
oh no.
Dinosaurs
11,01Sumi Saurs
fake
He's lost it
RAWWWWWWWWWWWR
And not only that
Dat dino
Once upon a time, there were ponies.
Oh so hes fuking nuts
CriticKitten Noooo he did not fake suicide or anything. The military marked him as desceased to cover up that he is still alive after he stopped working on their stuff.
00,10yep CriticKitten
ooh were learning Science
and boom! asteroid
dat stop motion animation
Boom
Then everything changed when the fire nation attacked!
What?
Dinosaurs? Dafuq
dumbass
dis guy is an idiot
"Damn it, doc, we don't have time for your dinosaur fetish!"
ironic how my best friend is intrested in dinosaurs too.
recently?
And then they had Sex!--- Oh...
I keep getting porn ads
Howaaaaaa
WHOOOOOOA!
Seriously, THIS GUY COULD BE THE DOCTOR!
WHOA
no one cares about your lizards. fix the computer!
and not a single fuck was given that day
the ponies
WHOA
that guy is crazy
whoa
hwat
who cues these things
daaaamn renekton is fun to play.
Dr. Lizard.
Once apon a time, the world died, and i lived happily ever after :$
whoa!
THE SWIMMING ONES AND FLYING ONES WERN'T DINOSUARS DAMMIT
but Wrek New Vegas wasnt hit by nukes
Heey kids, wanna climb in the van and hear a bedtime story? heh heh heh
Its Dudley Moore, thats why
the 'yay' and 'HWOOOOAH'
Bees?
NOT THE BEEEES!
Sooo... he's giving up
Roaches
human extinction
the bees
NOT THE BEES
MY GOD
otakon17: HA! No virus protection?
Zyrian, whta things?
Sumica: Even though the nuclear fallout would CLEARLY kill his ass?
WhoaPR
you know the bees have been disappearing
The Scarf guy?
NOT THE BEES
otakon17: Aren't those ads generated based on your browser history or something?
With the bees
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: If a bit suicidal.
and once the y disappear, we do
yay
THOSE THINGS
yay
WalkerPony89: No, just no adblock
tic tac toe
joshua tricks them into launching an attack.
yay
OW MY FACE
No! Not YAY!
did you hear something?
It's your fault dude.
Their ultimate fate would be to be scientifically misinterperated by every blockbuster known to man.
Yay!
yay
OH GOD NOT THE BEES
WHY WOULD YOU NOT TELL THEM
no,your fault guy,you started the game
yay
Hey David, you DID do all of this
How to stop
05,15wait I thought he was dead
http://bandbent.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/second-doctor-patrick-troughton-2.jpg
yay ^^
Meanwhile Tower diving FTW
Play the WHOOOAAA
a good one
THose are SUmica's pings,. so the more people type his name, the more we hear it
stupid computer
Nope
Lesson
yay!
Tic Tac Toe is fun
nope.avi
that's cool, i get booted for sending too many messages
you always tie
11,01fluttercry: Zombie.
36 games in a row vs rarity
Not quite dead
Reikim: But I JUST got the tablet, no history to work off of
yay!
i always lose
so you never gave it a paradox
Did you hear about the house that had 5000 bees?
yay
i always win at tic tac toe
best game
YU CAN'T STEEL PHILOMENA
Hmm
lol
yay!
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Nocturne. You gonna get ganked.
THE GAME
Lie!
i missed the 30 minutes what did i miss????????/
Why make computers learn from our mistakes when we should be learning from them?
yay!
Sumica
those yays' who sends them
fluttershy likes ties
WHY WOULD YOU MAKE A WARGAME AI PLAY THINGS LIKE A GAMKE
I've won many times.
always a tie xD
/me noms on TheGreatAndPowerfulT
I always lose tic tac toe
X
Always a tie..... unless your playing against Pinkie Pie
yay!
IT IS NOT BORING
You can win in Tic-tac-toe
O
its always a draw
"acceptable"
yay!
Only Pinkie Pie can beat tic tac toe
yay
X
Square one, O
yay
otakon17: I dunno, maybe you're a fast worker.
ayayayay
xd
yay!
O
05actually
AYAYA
"The game itself is pointless"
So many "yay"s again
I kind of hate this guy.
05tic tac toe
X
We don't care!
FFFFUUUUU
/me grabs WalkerPony89 by the head and smashes him to the ground
I WON!
FFFFFFFFFFFFF-
BS
>nuclear war
05can only end in victory
Bull SHIT!!!
In Nuclear War, the first striker is the winner
Bullshit!
O
I almost forgot about movie night! :O
05or tie
>natural
lol
WHULL SHIY
bull freakin horseshit!
JUST STOOPID
BULLSHIT
YOU ARE MADE OF STUPID, DOC
what?
How dare you call me stupid.
Wrek: let's play tic tac toe!
05if you knwo the trick
wow, now you realize the stupid?
HE SUICIDAL
oh goodie
YOUR ARGUMENT IS INVALID
Goddamn this connection
this guy "look at all the fucks igive"
Dude!
HOW IS THAT PLANNING AHEAD?
Trick, Wrek?
oh my
05im dead srs
I lol'd.
wow, talk about a nuke plan
o god no
Just goddamn it
Wrek: It's not really a trick. It's just playing semi-intelligently.
/me cuts VikkeTheVikingMetalZ's head off with a guitar axe
/me agrees with Wrek
What the hell is your problem?!
Fallout ina sentence
that's actually... not stupid.
This guy is nothing but pure evil!
Meanwhile only a fool don't keep the time when nocturne used his ultimate
You dont look 17.
this fuckhead is seriously going to let humanity die out of some shitty philosophy?
Don't call the Doctor stupid! He has saved the worlds many times.
My ipod works fine on it
Idk? Fallout looks like fun...
So... No Vault-Dweller?
Lose your virginity quick
this guy is insane
shes still a virgin, A VIRGIN
All you need is pennies a day
what an asshole.
Wrek but i will end in a tie if the other one knows the trick too?
05Reikim: my bad i meant "trick to the common clave"
this is getting pathetic
that guy ios a jackass
00,10yeah wrek, you go for the corners
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: You'll never see me coming.
05Fou_Lou: yes
fuck this guy with a table
this guy wants the world to burn
This guy is a dickweed.
Humanity just hates me.
Oh.
lol he belives WW3 will happen in the next 2-3 years
:O
Well, the survivors will be able to rebuild society.
This guy doesn't seem to realize that Earth would be uninhabitable after a nuclear war...
This guy is a dickweed.
:O
I'm not dead.
/me head grows to giant size and inhales body, then attempts to crush WalkerPony89
No, this is "Fallout"
GHOST WRITER
Emo 0.96a
You are already dead.
Dinosaurs.
05if you know the "tricK" and the other dont, you win
dinosaurs
YOU ARE THE WORST SCIENTIST EVAH SHAME ON YOU AND SHAME ON ALL YOUR WORK
05if both do
TRUCKS
lol he dont know
War.. war never changes
I can't possibly hate him enough.
SUDDEN REALISATION!
This is how fallout happened
AND HORNS
05its a tie
this was wat year?
Wuh oh
80s
Ferry Buerrel
And then Vikke was Kirby
what was the year this is suppose to be?
NO!
1984
WHAT I MISS
Floorsex.
00,101983
Douche
prequel to fallout
g
Who is a tank
no wonder they had such horrible looking cars in follout
1985
That's it were doomed.
Wrek so if you play it both sometine will learn the trick and you cant win anymore
my pc keep laging so i have to refresh
Or 83
Society would be destroyed and survivors would be reduced to anarchy and messes. There wouldn't be "rebuilding".
one year before orwell
Goddman my internet connection! always buffering.
I'll hack the water
Night of the Final Day...
er
this movie is 1 hour 54 minutes
g-dawg
11,01I was born in 1983.
orwellian novels
oh
/me charges and powerful beam of lightning and fires at WalkerPony89
fallout prequel
I'm on a boat!
/me sidesteps VikkeTheVikingMetalZ's blows and FALON PAWNCHES him to the MOOON
And then he herded them onto a boat.
Night of the Final Day
1986, here!
So was I Nittany
12 Hours Remain
we are less than 1 hour from end
Game over man, Game over!
They're gonna need a bigger boat
no boats in 1983
Is this about the Cuban Missle Crisis?
I'll use my water-walking hack!
...not that anyone cares.
Nope sorry
but the fallout war was between the states and china
And then he beat the crap out of every single one. >:I
/me dodges
Bit too much RP thar
lol I've fooled them all.
I guess no ww3 then.
You can't redeem yourself after that speech Doc
look a BO-AT
or the Cold War in general?
You're a dick and you should die
the cold war in general
Indeed.
thats a load of SHIT
Well that was nice.
:D
boop
thx
boop
WE ARE BUCKED IN THE FLANK
LOL
Enough of that.
boop
Load of shit!!
Ok, Why did I imagine WOPR singing This Day Aria?
dat load of shit
Beep
00,10lolwut
:D
...boop
SpadeMagnes[R]: Unless it's a farm!
why doesn't he just call the military and explain the situation?
yep, legit
0,14Yeah, cut the RP out.
Load of Shiet!
lol
MrBen: WHATS WRONG WITH U ITS ANYPPONY!
THIS fat asshole
That's....bullshit
Aww
MY GUD RIIIIN!
00,10bomber progects a ghost 600mi ahead of it's self.
/me bounces around rapidly in an attempt to crush WalkerPony89
Well, if this Global Thermonuclear War actually happens, the only winner will be the man with the seven scars, the lone successor of the deadly art of Hokuto Shin-Ken. His name is Kenshiro.
Do you think they would listen Derpy?
Stealth was also a BIG buzzword at the time
seems legit
9 hrss.
The Russians are obviously godmodding
anon3: ....?
Why did I imagine WOPR going crazy about SPACE?
derpy_pony because the military woudln't believe him
Yh I can get about 10 seconds of stream and then it freezes solid
magic
lol he has a point.
an old asshole
Warning, the Russian now have Chuck Norris.Mah God...
HalDOS
That guy.
And no one has bothered to check whether or not this is a simulation too?
lol
Dumb bitch.
What kind of asshole lives on an island without a boat?!
Sure girrly swim.
ARE YOU ALL DUMB?
Falken is an asshole
me
derpy_pony also because derp
/me boops SaxyPretender (nah jk)
They obviously just 88mph....no big deal >.>
Hah! Good question!
YOU CANT-
cant swim
Dude, it's cold, and you're alone. GO FOR IT
Robin Hood swam that much distance too.
lol u cant swim :D
HA!
oh shit
Oh, we're alike.
Why is this girl so fricking happy
Diabolique
FFF-
HE HAS A WEAKNESS?! :O
and it's full of gators
Oh shit
HIM
0,14lol
THE WORLD IS ABOUT TO END
I cant swim, either :p
It was on my list!!
o god no
"WATER! MY ONLY WEAKNESS!"
assholes. assholes everywhere
No!! Not water!!!
guess hes not a gary stu
>nuclear war beginning at dawn
GASP!
He thought he could hack it...
swimming is srs bsns!
>bitching about inability to swim
Swmming level 0
a weakness in this movie bah god
helacoptpr
lol
I didn't think I was going to accidentally kill the world!
we're surrounded by assholes
yay
00,10your breath is frosting in the air and you want to go swiming?!
well,9hours is plenty of time
you wish. you wish
hm he can hack he can sneak he can charm he CANT FUCKING SWIM BULLLLLSHITTTTTTTTTTT
swimming is EASY! you just kinda.. float
Hack....the water? :$
/me molests Bjornfot
Why not?
don't wish it
You don't need skill level for swimming fools!
eh, mid 40s the coolest
ignorance is safety
u can try to swim
00,10how dumb is this girl?
But, like, is RP against the rules or something?
I can swim. You just... learn it.
Put all his points into Science, Luck, and Sneak
I wish the world will UNDERSTAND ME!
it's awesome to be like that
call up on SEA PONIES
Quick_Thinker: Pfft, no one puts points into swimming.
How does one molest a molester?
lesson learned
If you were like everyone else in the world you wouldn't have doomed the human race in the first place.
Sumica: They're immune to hypothermia because plot convience
She apperantly thinks she's Robin.
OH JEEESUUUUUS
He sounds like a video game avi.
Jesus man!
You cant swim to England, can you?
Learn now, dumbass
Sorry, Matt, but you can't act
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
:D sure u did
HEY SCOTTY
yay
yes Bjornfot
yay'
yay
which is really better? Knowing your fate or not knowing?
Again, what's the worst that can happen? You get hypothermia which is cured 9 hours later.
so wat i miss??
SEA PONIES. SHOOBIE-DOOP-DOOP
By moleting, of course
Come, I'll assist you.
whoaaaaaa
Yes it is
JESUS MAN!
yay
Shit, feel like crap right now
Yay!
yay!
His augs make him too heavy to swim.
who makes these fluttershy clips
Can do all this cool stuff, can't swim insta death
Actually Bjornfot, yeah.
NO ONE PUTS POINTS INTO CHARISMA EITHER BUT APARENTLY HE DID
GO FOR IT DUDE
You CANT SWIM!?!
yay
inapropriate yay
Really?
like are they randomized or does someone set them
JESUS MAN!
lol
awwww. poor kid
Mhmm.
JESUS MAN
thats sad
:( :D
FLUTTERSHY BAD TIME
Does it make a difference, BowDownToTheSocks?
0,14It is
swag
be gentle, it's his first time
Wtf!? :D
:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O:O SWAG
This is a heartwarming moment
BUELLER
Have unavoidable death sex!
I was going to star on the new TV show "Glee"! It's great!
QUIT IT
NOW KISS
kisss
I love doing that :d
D'awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Damn, I don't remember that from the good old days.
I woulda! *creepy stare*
I would because I LOVE YOU!
omnomnom face!!!
THERE'S MORE IMPORTANT SHIT TO DO
Well, this plan is bust I think
Dafuq is this?
why is she so oblivies that there going to die
aawwww
AAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWW
11,01NaziOnADinosaur: No smiley spam.
sex scene
05,15Awww yeah
00,10copterblocked
MY EYES!!!!
awwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!!!
no!
OM NOM NOM NOM
The power of love!
Nomnomnomnomnomnom
Cockblock
D'aww
SHIT!
awwww yeaaaaaah!
sexy time
So cut-
05Retarded jesus scout has some advice for you: throw milk at it
Get away!
movie star as movie star
thats not creepy
less talk, more "the world ends in a few hours" sex
DAMNIT
run
FUCK :O
:O
11,01Lol Sumica
took you long enough to find him
SHIT THE FUZZ!
ceiling cat is watching you make out
yeah!
HORRAH
chiopblocked
SpeedyBolt it might be possible, but there are alot of currents, so it would be stupidly difficult
Polydunami: No, not really
bastard
chop*
"I don't own a boat...but I DO have a helicopter!"
get to the choppa
lol Wrek.
WAIT....THAT BASTARD
Oh crap run!
That's heluva Cockblock!
I'm not gonna be able to watch stream here
run
BADLY TIMED YAY
i aint smiley spammin...im not NaziDinosaur either
GET TO DE CHOPPA
50 here come the popo!
get away from da choppa!
:O
The bastards has a choppa!
GETTODECHOPPANAO
GET AWAY FROM DA CHOPPA
"Oh, wait, that's not mine!"
....
6_96_9 SWAG
ruuun
11,01No sex in this movie.
The helis always ruin everything
Uh.
IT'S THE GOV'MENT!
Cockblock level: Military
The world is about to end, so they might aswell have some sexy time
get the bazooka
Bummer otakon. :/
Silly teens, trying to outrun a chopper
Get the RPG
Actually, if I knew my own fate, I would be able to plan around that.
lol
GTFO STOP STALKING
good pilot
:P
HALT, CRIMINAL SCUM!
Run in one direction away from it.
00,10fly closer I cant cockblock from this range
Run away from the CHOPPA!
GET OUTTA CHOPPA!
It's a Scout Hellicopter!
So warming :'(
Drive me closer
:P
xD
DAFUCK O JUST GOT AN ADD ON YOUTUBE ADVERTISING GOOOGLE+ HANGOUT WITH OUR PM JULIA GILLARD DAFUCK AUSTRAILIA COME ON
Sumica: Hahaha :D
but otakon17, who will Bjornfot and Bronysith molest if you leave :(
:O oh my jesus run run!!!!!!!!!
This movie is about the evils of the internet... that never happened.
I want to hit then with my sword
Stalkercopter
RUN DAMNIT
11,01But he has a light Sumi.
Nittany_Discord, and that's the kind of sex I enjoy in movies... none
Bjornfot: It was added after an issue of too much of it in manechat.
DRIVE ME CLOSER
STOP RUNNING IN A CIRCLE
Connection keeps going out every few seconds and my tablet
QUICK! HIDE IN THE DARK! IT WORKED FOR JACK THE RIPPER!
YOURE GETTING MUGGED KID
into the trees
STOP RIGHT THERE YOU VIOLATED THE LAW
VikkeTheVikingMetalZ: im done rping
RUN IN ONE DIRECTION YOU MORONS.
VikkeTheVikingMetalZ: You
then it can't follow you
spycopter
duh
i want to hug them with my sword
Someone get the rpg!! :[
let's get real low, maybe that will make them go away
Dat cockblocking helicoptor
Hope it doesn't have Engineers on board!
WHOA
Woah.
wow that's gay
Naz no you're getting mugged
WHOA!!
Your are surrounded!
WHOA!
00,10not sure why they are runing, they already said they were on an island
its the Doctor?
STOP Criminal scum!
YOU BETRAYED THE LAWWW
Naz: no ur gettign mugged
:[ rage!!!!!!!!
jus kidding
its him!
oh lol
TRoll
get to da choppa!
Y U NO DO THAT BEFORE
oh lol
LOL
WOOA
GET TO THA CHOPPA!
Vagineer: Yeah, so stealthy
WRONG
troll
He's got a chopper
SEPERATE
BATMAN???
?
He changed his mind!
If you don't want Ads, Get AdBlock Plus
my fucking connection
GAWD.
Why the hell you got a choopa?
rape time!!!!!!!!
AH HOW THE HELL DOES THAT EVEN WORK
OH SHANP!
GET IN DA CHOPPAH
mum??
Oh, I was right the first time.
Baxter: I AM THE LAAAAW
This movie loves to troll
I LIKE TRAINS
Why did he wait so long to say that?
I KEW it
If ONLY ipod supported flash!
11,01Mica: Run around the island.
GET TO DA CHOPPA!
GET TO DA CHOPPA
I bet somebody finna trip.
it's the knuckfugget
it's al right, we'll save a millisecond this way
he likes cookies just as much as the next person
where was the choops
Dramatic entrance.
I LICK TRAINS
we have 10 hours to stop thermonuclear anilation
rofl
OH MY,
Now fly to Mars.
OH MYYYYYYYYY
lol
OOOOOOOH MYYYY!
lol
oh my?
Oh my....
LOLOLOL
xD
:| i desapiccce yu
05,15why doesn't it?
oh my
lol
OH MAH
OH MY
Oh my. "Launch detection"
OOOHH MYYYY nukes
SULU
oh my
I heard Takei.
Nice timing.
Barbetos: Because they needed to fill five more minutes of screentime
Dundundundun dundundun@
Oh MY
He got a piolets licence but not a phone number
nookes
well shit
I don't know
How is this happening?
THIS AINT EXCERSIZE DUMBASS
05,15Takei likes nukes
TACTICAL NUKE INCOMING!
300 missles
Because Apple hates you.
Oh crap!
OH MAI
They just decided no flash
Crap that boy was right!
05and then
XD
Russia is firing it's tactical hate nukes
fuck the shit, man...
idioits
how have they not figured this shit out yet?!
05Red alert started
:'( wahhhhhh soviets r bombing us with nukes D:
we can't tell anymore apparently
:O
DEFCON 1 :O
WARNING: Now at Defcon 1
1
Dun dun DUUUNNN
:O
OH CRAP
Lip twitch
OSOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOS
:O
DEFCON 1
:O
DEATH CORN 1
DEFCON 1
idiots
someone got a 25 kill streek
EVERYPONY RUN!!!!!!!!! :O
RosePetal this is the Cold War
SHIT
that general is an idiot
I don't have a boat..but a helicopter?
AW SHIT
OH SHIT
I say we respond with tactical friendship nukes
holy cow!
6_9
o god no
Seems legit.
WWIII!!!!!!!!!!
No Auuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuga!?
OS STANDS FOR OH SHIT
WWIII is now possible.
Panic Time!!!!
Command and Conquer Red Alert is more plausible than this movie. :|
But yeah Net ads have gotten numerous and incredibly stupid. That's why I run an adblocker and will generally not use a browser outside work without one.
I'M FUCKING RUNNING
MW2
Cold WAR NOOOOOO!
Dear humanity: STOP TEAMKILLING FOR FLUFF'S SAKE :[
We're totally dead now
general iz stopid!
00,10details on the wopr, well it has two buns
Mutually Assured Destruction, folks.
everypony with not love again
fake
if u were in the navi it would be depthcon 1
gimme report on the wopr
they don't have HUMINT on the groud to see if anything actually launched??
DEFCON 1 BITCHES! SERIOUS SHIT ABOUT TO GO DOWN IN HERE!
OS WE SCREWS
GET TO DA VAULYS
/me EVERYPONY PANIC!!!
00,10some lettes, chees is extra
/me RUNS FOR THE HILLS
FUCK MACHINES
Whopper recomends you upgrade to the large size
*VAULTS
Get Capt. Price!!!
PANIC AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Russia Y U HATE EVERYONE?!
it's WWIII
help help we gunna be rapeds
Apple laughs at your pain
yes you do, cause you ain't smart
I know it's their router
lol wopr causing more deaths than war.
/me screams and runs around in circles
i'd like a large WOPR with fries
LAUNCH DETECTED
sneaky russians
PUSH THE EASY BUTTON!!! :O
AUUUUUUUUUUUUGA!
AWOOOGA
NOT MORE AWOOOOOOOGA
BATTLE SHIP!
PANIC TIME!!
Cpt. Price and the nuke :D
dat was easy
AOOOOOOOOGA
LOVE PLAYING BATTLESHIP!
ABOOOGA ABOOGA ABOOGA
ponibas This is why Nuclear attacks don't work, Man...It's a lesson :P
Welcome to Norad
yay
Who's that guy?
Cheyanne Mountain! Dial the gate!
dem russians so sneaky their attacks dont even exist!
TACTICAL NUKE INCOMMING!
AAAOOOGGAAAAA 3
AWOOOOOOOOOGA
11,01Welcome to die.
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!
:D:D:D:D:D
XD
00,10beep beep ima in a jeep
quickly get to the Stargate
details :p
CLOSE THE VAULT DOORS!
Since everytime I try to run speedtest I get connection issues
OS OS OS
get inside!!!
Sumica :D
:'(
So many buttons!!
nazidinosour has callied in taticalk nuke obort abort nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!
Dat Panel flex
Nuclear War would be catastrophic
the nuke is a spy
6_9
MEANWHILE IN RUSSIA "AAAAAAAAAA YA YAYAAAAAA YAYAYAAAAYAAAYAYA HOHOHOHOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOO YO YO YOOOOOOOOOOO--"
hurry
press ALL the switches!
Also KOREA Y U WANT TO BOMB EVERYONE?!
SMASH THE GATE!
FIRE THE MEGA SPELLS
GO FASTER
The amount of nukes already launched would destroy the whole earth
Sumica: some days I wonder about you >_<
It needs more buttons
HIT ALL THE BUTTONS!
:O
05does the US still sue that old tech?
YES!
i feel like they're in eureka
DAMN
OJ HESUS
dam
ACTIOM
FUCK THE SYSTEM!
FORTAREEE!
I'm going guys
*OH JESUS
Zyrian: yo.
SWAG
those gates did not work
Like a boss
LOL I BROKE IT!
RUN
WOOOOO
00,10realistic fence bit, that is rare
F--k Da Polivce!!!
RosePetal: Which Korea?
:D
drive it like you stole it
11,01Ahh! Gate on my face!
run
NNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hahaha
NICE.
AWOOOOOOOOGA
AWOOOOGA
AWOOOOOOOOOGA
NOUGGGGHHH
OH MA LAWRD.
yay
bad driver
This is just depressing me
Zyrian - meanwhile in russia - VODKA
Seeya otakon.
GOT TO GO FAST GOT TO GO FAST GOT TO GO FASTER FASTER
Well, these were innocent times, when an enemy denying that they're attacking can be trusted.
AWOOOOOOOOOOGAH!
ouch
awwwoooga
HHNNNGGGGG
awoooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga
GOOOOO!!!
AWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOGA!
Take care
RUN
0,14later otakon17
awoooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga
RUN!!!
COME ON!
RUN FORREST RUN
Heroic driver.
awooooooooooooooooooooooooka
awoooga awwwwoooogaawwwooga
Run damnit!!!!!
00,10only some days Dusky?
RUN MARIO, RUN
MEANWHILE IN RUSSIA: TROLOLO SONG IS PLAYING FOR FIRST TIME
awoooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga
RUN FOR IT! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
:O
Awww. Cya otakon17, and good luck next time
gotta love how this movie was supposed to fearmonger computers and videogames, but is more likely to make people question the military government
wow long ways to walk
ABOOGA
security breach - shoot on sight!
awooooooooooooooooooooooooka
ABOOGA
Ugh
Not her.
Run Samus!
Yh
awoooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga
somehow I can see twilight doing this.
RUN FORREST, RUUUUUN!
HODL THE DOOR BITCH!!!!!!!!!
in the end is it just a game?
RUN
Get to the ship!
Everbody panic!!
awoooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga
HOLD THE GODAMN DOOR
HOLD THE FUCKING DOOR
otakon17: Wh?
awoooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga awooga
/me in Russia..."Trolololololololololololololol"
HOLH THAT DAMN DOOR
inside the blu base!
AWOOOOGA
Make me a sammitch
open the door open the door
Theyve got a Mother f--king PLAN!!!!
I CHANGED MY MIND!
Push the goddamn button!
Toki will hold the door closed... from the outside
zombie infection has spread to middle section
Why?
00,10lawl Meanwhile
I SAID HOLD THE GOD DAMN DOOR BEFORE I SLAP YOU IN THE TESTICLES
run everywhere!
ITS A AWOOGA
Hurry, past that slow-moving door!
Self Destruct Activated!
AWOOGA AWOOGA AWOOGA AWOOGA!!!
RUN!!!!
just run!
SNAP
Vault Door seald
ALIEN
CLANG
soldiers on outside, um, sorry bro u die
Vault closed
Bc I can't watch the stream
Epic lock in!
clang
This doesnt look good
11,01Everyone else run around and wait to get nuked.
this reminds me of a movie... his hands get squashed
EPIC DOOR.
u gon' die
DUN DUN DUUUUUUN!
otakon17: Not why. Wh.
Nice door.
Yay! now the zombies won't get us
you have to believe me, this is a simulation
heavy door is heaqvy
00,10pan to the right as janitor comes in through small door
PANICC
The Vault has been sealed..... start the social experiment >=)
TOTAL LOCKDOWN
you did done it
Wh?
that was like riggin star treck with the door
The Stable has been Sealed! :O
WARNING: zombies have gotten obama now we celabrate
NO, THE MISSLES!
we just have to worry about the plauge
i like how we got windows 7 but the military STILL use windows 95
You mean yh?
05,15Nothing ever enters. And nothing...ever leaves
yay
Nittany_discord There chances are slightly more better than RIGHT outside
Lol sumica
whos the woman?
oh snap
Yeah=yh
STOP THE PRESSES!
His face
lol
MY GOD....
intense stare
dat face
What is Wh? Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no moah
Pretty pictures
yay
...
good to see you
:D
yay
THE STARE
Fluttercry, it's like the Wonka factory
yay
counter strike?
don't
yay for nuclear destruction
counterstrike!
IT ISN'T REAL YOU MORONS!
no one is SURPRISED to see them?!
YAY
No, I mean Wh.
:S troll face
fluttershy approves of reunition
it's fucking fake
wtf
Counter Strike is badass
http://artoftrolling.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/internet-troll-make-it-yours.png
...
I created it
such a good game
WHY DOES NO ONE BOTHER TO CHECK THE SYSTEM
00,10the simulation has been augmented.
ooh this is an oldie
Wh? Is that an element?
phantoms
HES A LIE
Cyberspace: A consensual hallucination
Inkbot They are facing NUCLEAR attack
Gimme a second
Shuttup mustache guy!
Phantoms!
Oh mah god It's that guy I thought he was dead!
BUT YOURE DOING IT
GOD, THESE GUYS ARE DUMB!
or thoguth for that matter
:D
I DON'T HAVE TIME TO THINK
how about LOOKING at the screen on the damn computer itself
NO!
hes a troll
YhWh
See, he has a good point.
Is he high?
nazis ill come back rideing dinousours and shooting lazer guns
Then don't you saw what happend in Doctor Lovestrange.
:D
1 MIN 30 SEC
These guys are trusting the computers without thinking.
seriously???
eeyup
00,10calm woman seeing as it'sthe end of days
Naz: Every1 in the movie is a troll
LOL that voice
Oh god
dat voice
HOLY FUCK! TIME LIMIT!
MACHINES!
wait those 90 seconds
This movie can teach you a lot about the Cold War and MAD.
Well, they have done it before. Remember World War 2
Wait 1 minute
1 MIN 20 SEC
INB4 woman goes completely ghetto
shiiiiit dude
CMON GUYS STOP IT
FFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUCK!
Derp
machines are not to be trusted
don't be a pussy, general. BOMB THE SHIT OUT OF THEM without checking
1 min oh shittttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
SHIT'S FUCKED.
ever
I'M OUTTA THIS BITCH
CALL CHUCK NORRIS NAO!
Lady doesnt give a F--k :$
Quick get Starfox to shoot it down!
"But I am a machine. I am a man machine."
3...2...1...
FIRE EVERYTHING
Bomb everything
DeadlyPon3 and they stormed in with a guy whose death they faked, AND a kid they think is a russian spy
THEY MAY NOT EXIST
Regan, stop bombs now.
fire the dag on missles
00,10god help us all
/me whistles
KILL THE KIDS!!
THE SUSPENSE :O
Oh god
Well if he was wrong, they'd have all died anyway.
thank you, he listened!
Then the president shit some more bricks :D
you IDIOT!
1 minute
FIRE! EVERYTHING!!!
inkbot...A RUSSIAN NUCLEAR STRIKE!
i just opened a coke with a fork :D
So how about that Cold War?
1 MINUTE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
wow he actually listened
You've now killed us all
Its Sector Z all over again!
good. Kill them
6_9 derp derp derp
11,01If they're wrong, they lose everything.
Damn
Shoot it down Fox!
It's getting kinda hot, actually
What will happen now?
longest minute ever
no!
They depend on a belief...
he's so important, he's got his own phone-up-hanger
but they would never no it.
:O
the comp probably runs on windows
Nittany_Discord: nope
Why would noone notice wo mushc frigging nuclear missiles?
They should look for visual confirmation of the nukes. WOPR can't fake that.
StuffCrusader: THI SIS SURESIOUS TIME SOLDIER
If they're wrong...it's all over.
:'(
LOL< Loring Maine
DeadlyPon3 nope.avi
sir.
11,01If this was real.
00,10you all about to die
Missile Approaching. Distance: 50
mandark's brother
Look at the fancy graphics!
Lol, nerd voice
Oh hai!
:D
Fuck
LOOL
this is how I felt on sunday toward 12am when we thought there would be an internet blackout
HOLY SHIT
OOOH nO IMA BOUT TO DIE!
Missle Distance 30
Fireworks of DEATH!
Crack face
dat face
oh SHIT :O
Dem eyes
was a huge b-52 SAC base... till it got BRAC'd
Unable to avoid
that guy si fucking high
30 SEC DAMMIT
WELL
Missile Approaching. Distance: 30
Nittany_Discord if they do nothing, they could be screwed. If they respond, they ARE screwed
SPOILER: I DONT KNOW WHAT TO SPOILER
WILL WE DIE OR NOT????
SHUT UP TF2 ANNOUNCER
SHOOT IT FOX!
Oh well...guys
thats a lot of milliles
if anyone is bombed, stop talking.
:(smoked too much crack
Just hope for the best.
30 SECONDS MAKE A FUCKING CHOOICE
Alert! The control point is being contested!
that 30 seconds takes forever
damnit
:O
Cue a guy riding a rocket.
I want her job.. all I got to say numbers!
NO
I like how the announcer lady doesn't even break a sweat.
MARX WE FINNA DIEEEE!!!
and was deciding weather or not I should use the fbi scan thingamajig
sh*t just got real
SUSPENSE....
Nyst it's her job
you know she doesnt get eaten by the eel
20
19
20 SEC CMON LAUNCH THE MOFO
WHOOPS, his finger slipped!
OS
I don't suppose there's anyone here who was alive when the Cold War ended?
LUv
18
DOCTOR STRANGELOVE.
00,10she sounds like tf2 voice lady
15
Kiss her one last time, you fool
Rookeealding: You could apply for pretty much all Bond big bad bases.
Distance: 10 Unable to evade.
10 SECONDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
10...9.
9
O shit.
I LOVE YOU EVERYPONY
so sexy;)
OH GOD
AND THAT's HOW EQUESTRIA WAS MADE!
:O
6!
5 SEC!!!!
According to the Twilight Sparkle room Wh is NOT an element
1991? Probably
5
OH GOD
BY
OH JESUS
4
OH NOES!!!
3333
Then... his finger twitched
What comes before 3?!
the game DEFCON was based of this movie
3
Dat doomsday button
OH BOY HERE WE GO! BRACE FOR IMPACT
222222
2
3!
Sumica: The control point has been contested
ONE!
1
4!
.5
MISSION FAILED
WE'RE GONNA DIE
1
fallout equestria in:::
1
The tension
overtime!
SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
I LOVE PONIES!
1!
0
oh god1
BOOM
Launch the missile now!
Then BSOD?? :D
someone trios hits the guy and he accadently hits the button
KAAABOm
BOOM!
:O
TF2 ANNOUNCER STFU
BOOOOM
I LOVE U RD
yay
Happy new year!
2341432141421421411111114412412241421421124421421412124
yay
slip
yay!
yay
XD
hello?
SHUSH FLUTTERSHY
dat yay
Yay
...And now it's missle command
/me dies
yay
YAY
11,01Lights!
o god.
DON'T DOOOOOO IIIIIIT!
...
Whoomf Whoomf
hooray for death
and.......
YAY
Everyone is dead!
JK LULZ YOURE ALL DEAD
BOOOM
OH NO A BATTLE IN GOODGAME MAFIA!
:(
nuklearYAY detected
we... arn't dead yet?
BAD TIME FLUTTERSHY
congratulations, the communists rule the world now
oh my
Yat
OH NO
Damnit Fluttershy!
Well, I would be dead if this was real
I WON YAY!
...Oh no.
the world is ded
WOPR WINS NUKALITY
OH GOD
that slight wait should have doomed them all
NOOOOO!
Then they launch and everything blows up and it's the ending to T3 all over again
321 dooom dempan
wooooo
trololololololololololololololololololololololololololololol
GASP
!!!!!
YEAH!!!
Yeah we're here. :D
Wheren't all those places supposed to stay on the line?
xD
DID NOT IMPACT
GASP!
NOW'S NOT THE TIME
Sorry Skynet, your plan failed :)
Dat happy guy! :D
:D
WHE'RE HERE!! :d
JDANSUDHNA WE'RE ALIVE
dat voice
Yay :D
:O:D
ELIIS???
-____________-
yes!!!
YES YES!1
00,10Cool thing is i have a game, that lets you hack wopr and do this bit.
HUZZAH!
WE'RE ALIVE GUYS
automatic override, then
ALRIGHT!
11,01Wait! *kssssssssssssssssss*
yay!
trolled the militsry
YEAH!
YEAH!! :[
WE DID IT! WE'RE ALIVE!
YEAH
but your still going to jail
WOPR WINS NUKEALITY
:)
YEAH BOI!
And then he slips and pushes the button anyway.
1 hour 41 minutes for nothing?
CELEBRATE!
Alright! Yeah!! Your still going to prison kid!
hellz yes!
:$
YEAH!
AWWWW YEAAAH
announcer shows emotionn
now how much did this entire fake operation cost?
JESUS MAN!
yay a flutterhy ending!
YEAH!
ALL RIGHT!
:)
Then Russia attacked the very next day! :$
happy!
destroy all computers!
HUZZAH! You'
I LIVE ANOTHER DAY!!!!
dat facepalm
GROUP HUG IN THE SHOWER TONIGHT!!!
00,10stand down, lolnope
This is basically the world's reaction at the end of the Cuban missile crisis.
HEY SCOTTY!
Was that for real or a sim
no hugging yet
UH OH
oh snap
YAY
Uh oh
OH SHIT
I COULD KISS EVERBODY HERE IM SO HAPPY!
wut?
yeah i think some people might bother to warn us or something
JESUS MAN
;)
dat lock-out button
NOW WE ALL DIE SOMEWHERE ELSE
HUZZAH!
hey Reikim
