aww hell no
It's like Noah's flood! Except not nearly as high, but I guess the first time god was going for the MAXIMUM OVERKILL BONUS
name have you found woona yet?
dammit you need a wetsuit
no p-pegasus were harmed
dinosaur water
o crap runnnnnnnnnnnnnn
Silverscreen: lol
Is that wave growling?
I guess they're all washed up!
roooooaaaaaaar
Worst we get are delayed trains.
00,03The streets get flooded with tourists sometimes...
Forgetaboutit
0,14trains are the best way to get around in NYC
wildrepublic yes we ponies can fly, but i can't being a unicorn and all
Look behind you!!! A giant freakin wave!!!
thelonepony: were having tea time right now
maybe the cold is slowing the water down?
dat pointing
The water ate a T-rex
go hobo guy go!
slomo wave
Silverscreen: Thunder, rain and lightning, danger water rising...
The bus driver was all like: ''Oh well my career is over, not like i give a shit'' Mozdoc
let's all point at and scream!
New York doesn't so much as have traffic as it has more like a parking lot that'll move an inch every hour :S
Only the library can save us!
it will wait until everyone is in the library
ಠ__ಠ
hey Scoot-Scootaloo SaxyPretender about how many buildings in NY are under 10 stories?
YEAH SURE
chucknorrs just flushed
Hobo has to survive!!
It's such a bad sign
damn
chuck norris*
0,14umm, quite a bit, I'd say
DocSane:$
go hobo go!
dat clipping
Silverscreen: He's the fastest thing aliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiive -----
00,03mmhmm
aww men
okay this is a B movie
Chuck Norris was just taking a bath
soggy books, Twi is not pleased
As long as they save the doggie.
but it's the highest B movie we've had
BOOMER
01,11Well...that f**king sucked...
WILL LIVE
SaxyPretender Scoot-Scootaloo most of them would be obliterated by the water
0,14Dken2021, was that a Sonic Adventure reference?
oh no chuck norris jokes
AJIsAwesome: no, Teeth is just a girl with teeth in her vagina. I'm talking about Robo Geisha
and then I was killed
Sufficed to say you give the mods too little credit if you think they won't actually research the movies in question.
which is a terrible, awful movie.
over and over and over
otakon you think every single pc game sucks
RAWRity: Oh, okay.
RAWRity: I just saw the trailer...
RAWRity: Oh laoawrd.
just because you don't get use too the controlers
I'd watch Epic Movie 100 dimtes before watching Robo Geisha
2,14 we're looking into claims about the B movie. Worst comes to worst is we insta-wmc it and find something else
JESmith71 Great. My birthday movie is the Day After Tomorrow. Oh sarcastic joy.
Oh god
what are we watching again
2,14 so with that being said, please stop talking about it -_-
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: not Dragon Age Origins or Fallout or anything that DOESN'T require your hand to be a spider ot control movement
can I put Geisha's Diary as an A movie?
Val just set the next movie up and go to bed, no one'll begrudge you the last pony ep.
2,14 I don't need to hear more disturbing things
Caramel: Capiche'd, Caramel.
what was the lotto picks for this week?
my internet keeps on lagging
CrimsonPhoenix: it's Diary of a Geisha, and yes.
BLEH
lol spider i stand still most of the time
RAWRity, thank you
I know the mods'll check the movie out before hand. They've done so before.
seriously how the HELL do people get used to the WASD typical moveset?
I wonder we'll have another string of ice purns
well... i remember samurai cop being chosen as b movie and being cancelled before it was shown...
I've seen it only in french so I only know the title in french
Same way anyone gets used to anything.
Gosh that movie was great
Ryunosuke: Galaxy Quest and some other Frankestein Girl vs. something
Repetion and muscle memory.
keep playing
somepony_else: I'l still laughing at that movie, having one of the most stupid climax ever made. :P
Repitition*
hmm
Galaxy Quest and some Japanese movie
I can't goddamn crouch and move because I need to have my fingers go / |||/ and it hurts
I'm*
and stop whinning about it
Will this website still be running after MLP isn't popular?
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: I CAN'T the scientist won't open the damn door
2,14 quick announcement
Here we go.
otakon what part are you talking about ?
the literal beginning
when you get your first real weapon
not the goddamn shorter than an arm crowbar
2,14 that is all
Space Jam. :D
Where was Meanwhile when I beat him to Gondor?
Lunac: who knows. Mugglenet's still going and Harry Potter's been over for a year now.
Space Jam. I like that movie
aaaaaw
back
but to be honest, is it hard to ask the mods what movies should fall under what catagory?
YES.
Where was Gondor when dat name change timing?
OH GAWD
No more gorn movie?
that's a B movie
AND B MOVIE
COME ON AND SLAM.
that movie sounded great :(
http://www.ozfoxes.com/fauxpas.htm :) when you see it...
Spectrum_Rush: Preoccupied with another room. :P
on his/her birthday even
Oh Space Jam
Though one thing
OMG Space Jam!
Space Jam is a B movie? XD
Haven't seen Space Jam for about 10 years :O
goddammit
hmm
fucking goddammit
A-AND DO THE JAM
Space Jam has already been picked before
FrankenSnow My birthday
thats dubious
Also, I still can´t beleive that the original space jam site is still up
two B movies next week
Can't even remember what happens. MUST WATCH.
Well, it IS a B movie, but it tried hard at being an A movie.
as it been 6months since last time it was?
thats borderline a-b
Meanwhile: touche, my victory is forfeit
Find me this movie on imdb otakon.
must you bitch so much?
Ryunosuke: Which is acceptable :P
So next weeks gonna be fucking awesome.
they're decent movies for once
i like space jam
Spectrum_Rush: touché.
COME ON AND SLAM.
i cant remember a damm thing 6_9
okay I retract my statemnt
Space Jam was from a Gatorde Commercial
And Scoot's plugging BronyState now
5.8 = b movie :p
that's enough Arguments to say that it's a B movie
Yay, Scooterview's promoting us! :)
Meanwhile: oh come on thats not even a standard key :P
Talking about how he got started here
I'm not gonna argue because FUCK YEAH SPACE JAM
it has been shown before, but according to the past movies list it can be shown again
Spectrum_Rush: True, it's two keys. But then, ü is four <.<
so hey, it's space jam :)
Hmm, would Space Jam be an A Movie or a B Movie? Fine. the IMDB standard takes effect here.
i can see the muffins in her eyes
meh, I still would have gone with Wierd Science :p
everyday im shuffeling
THAT is a proper b movie :)
caramel's STILL sleeping?
Meanwhile: figures I realize how to do it right after hitting enter
é
Kandarihu: I don't care what category it is. We're watching Space Jam.
Spectrum_Rush: A winner is you.
Kandarihu: B.
Hi everyone! :)
TOOOT TOOOT TOOT TOOT TOOT, TOOT TOOT
toot
I'm not goddamn bitching
I just went ot watch some TBFP
Kandarihu: Though popular, it wasn't well receivd.
I'm okay with SpaceJam being b movie. It belongs there.
and which movie Meanwhile?
Yeah Space Jam is B
*to
:)
no Pinkiequest music?Come on!
It was shown as B before
Yeah. I'm looking forward to both th A Movie and the B Movie next week.
/me turns of cellphone
COME ON AND SLAM, AND WELCOME TO THE JAM
It's gonna be a fun BMN next weekend
I haven't seen either of these yet,this is gonna be interesting
*turns cellphone on*
lol space jam
Galaxy Quest.
/me turns cellphone around
/me turn my i pad on
2,14 shit
2,14 fuck
stack
2,14 didn't mean to do that
lol
Come on and SLAM! and welcome to the JAM! Come on and SLAM if... you wanna JAM
otakon due to social perception if a lot of people think you are bitching/whinning then you are doings so even if you think you are not
Lawl Caramel
Meanwhile: hold on I'll bring it back up
Weeping took a banhammer to the face, and is probably going to wonder why.
The Day after Tommorow Now with Lyra the sea pony
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0177789/
Oh gawd. He's gone mad with power.
intermission's over? I can finally go to the toilet!
dem suzakus o.o
Run for your lives!
i see baldur's gate i aprove
No non image links during a stream, but thanks.
/me stay in place
Wasn'e here for B movie. Pretty sure it'll be a hoot. :D
2,14 god damn it I did not mean to press that button
2,14 fucking hell I need sleep...
Bye I'll be back once it's over.
It's all good.
...
:D
ohhh that movie
IT BEGINS
I was kicked for a joke...
already saw it
wich movie?
so it begins
that hurt caramel
you know what? I'm so pumped for Space Jam next week, I'll sit through this shit fest
silverturtle82: It was an accident
silverturtle82: What joke.
Is this a fail attempt at a disaster movie?
oh this one >.>
2,14 it wasn't intentional
oh fudge
COME ON AND SLAM
DerpyMuffins, it's a disastrous movie
AND WELCOME TO THE JAM
to the moon evryone
2,14 so yeah...my bad
StinkomanFan: COME ON AND SLAM
it's ok
StinkomanFan: IF YOU WANNA JAM
I dunno looks like it meets A on criteria.
Excuse me if I dont understand you
monstars!
Let's see if you guys will catch on to my joke.
Not really a native english speaker
Everybody get up, it's time to jam now!
isnt this the movie with nicolas cage?
I just realized what movie I was about to watch...
7.2 rating, budget of 45, made 71 back.
/me watches the world ends in the moon
We gotta real slam going down
Great thinking, StinkomanFan! Let's drown out the badness of this movie by celebrating next week's movies!
...
Wait, if we've watched this movie yesterday, doesn't that mean that the day after tomorrow is TOMOROW:O
which movies were drawn in the lottery?
talkin' bout the space jam
and tim allen
OH, I, frequenlt think every now and then, of the glorious food of the noble hen,
*tomorrow
dat logic
quick bronies build a rocket!
EGGS!
2,14 fucking hell I need sleep
everyone loves tim allen
EGGS!
SirGanjalf: yes
Think you just hate the movie otakon.
no I don't
Cya in 2 hours Caramel
E-Double-G-S Eggs!
I liked it
What movie is this? :O
/me brings Caramel a coffe.
Awesome movies
It's the day after yesterday of tomorrow
but it's NOT A movie material
i have a portal gun to the moon
Jam? oh i told her i wanted snacking!
Val really, go to bed and just let this run.
welp, better pack some warm pants then
2,14 it's two days before the day after tomorrow
Your only human man. Get some sleep Caramel
DING
Why?
Ye, White-Hot Liberal Porn.
I'm just going to mute it now
stuff like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is A movie material
/me is in mars
oops
My knowledge of eggs is tremendously wide, I've eaten them boiled and eaten them fried,
Caramel: Oh mah gawd...That's Today :O
otakon not your decision anyway
stuff like Schindler's List is A movie material
Why is "Day After Tomorrow" playing again?
silverturtle82, want me to ping you when the ponies come back?
Whether it's his decision is irrelevant.
SANTA?
W0ot
I want to know why it's not A movie material.
Mozdoc, we couldn't find a movie called "Tomorrow"
Go to sleep Caramel - remember what happened to F*ght C*ub protagonist?
I cry and lost interest
:(
Mozdoc, because this ie Euro Movie night
g
Kandarihu : ya thanks
Mozdoc: THis is the showqing for euro bronies who can't easily catch the Friday showing.
awww
If you look closely.. You can see santa in the background.
Galaxy Quest is a fun popcorn movie that's mainly a campy parody off of Star Trek and deconstructing the themes that always popped up in the OLD Star Trek episodes.
Ah... okay, I gots it.
movie?
Rebecca Black endorses this movie.
2,14 unfortunately Liberal Propaganda does not make for WMC material
Oh, forget it. No one's catching on to my joke. :|
and he gets cut off
...
eww a Hybrid car
ooh that hybrid
oooh
i have same problems
heya everypony
got detention for not writing the solutions...
Welcome to the real world, kid
haha happens to me a lot
hi, Sonny :)
Quick_Thinker: Worse here, about 20 out of 36 students in my primary were holding the rest down with test levels...needless to say, when High school started, I was screwed :P
Play it again, Sam.
AJIsAwesome: I'm working on a dragon ball z fanart atm :p
If you want I'll send you the link when it's done
Sonny: Nice! :O
talking to your son trough the car window where it stop sounds SEEMS possilbe
ioh fudge
Here we gooo
Good grief. AL FREAKING GORE would boggle at tyhis inanity.
FOOOD
you know, if the world ends and you're in a space station...that WOULD suck. Like, you're fucked.
"Let's fly through the cold electric clouds. " "HELL YEAH" "HELL YEAH"
Kencolt: BOGGLE
GREAT IDEA FLY INTO AN ELECTRIC STORM (SLAPS SELF) THIS THE BEST IDEA EVER
nervous eater
"Previously on LOST..."
on that previous scene
Who thought riding in this weather was a great idea? :S
DUHHHHHHHHHHHHH ME
nice pickup line
AJIsAwesome: John Mccain.
is posting images allowed btw?
i also like the chu chu cars
Guess what, TODAY IS YOUR LUCKY DAY
AJIsAwesome: Atlanta Airport most likely
What happen to the movie? Are we watching Lost now?
Snow: Yes, but no nsfw stuff
oh fudge
It's fine
Just turbulence
http://www.google.nl/imgres?q=shitstorm+inc&um=1&hl=nl&sa=N&biw=1278&bih=739&tbm=isch&tbnid=HyPWPArD8_4xIM:&imgrefurl=http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/136232-shitstorm&docid=vLQetz5fTx3SQM&imgurl=http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/136/232/incoming%252520shitstorm.jpg&w=500&h=355&ei=0vJUUPfyHoLS0QXh_ICwCw&zoom=1&iact=hc&vpx=877&vpy=454&dur=132&hovh=189&hovw=267&tx=149&ty=133&sig=102557964720234482444&page=1&tbnh=127&tbnw=163&s
Snow: Yes, any links not involving videos
head shot
ohgod
that link wall
dat link
SHIT. CALL IN THE PEGASI
Dat link
couldnt get it smaller D:
says chance of a plane going down cause of turbulance is 1 in a billion... atleast 6 billion people on planet... 6 planes
Use Derp.me man
oh
Snow: Try using a URL shortener.
Sky Captain and the Day After Tomorrow
great
im still wondering if that was in his imagaination
DOOOH!!
nice timing
or ot
Snow: Like Derpy.me or bit.ly/
Wahahahahahahah Waaaahh
im guessing The Day After Tomorrow is on
or you know, click on see image on page
And that, one supposes, is meant to be a humorous interlude.
and get : http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/136232-shitstorm
or a direct link: http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/136/232/incoming%20shitstorm.jpg
pfft comic releife
my worst movie night ever -> http://i.imgur.com/hIOrd.jpg
aand my chat derped
beepbeepbeep
it's been like that for the past few hours:/
the baby dies
Ulthane: The horror. The horror.
beepbeepbeep I'm a boye
buoys ded
SirGanjalf ikr
GO HOBO GUY
i derped there, sorry D:
Ranty hobo is ranting. And hoboey.
NOT THE BIRDS
dat hobo
Yeah! You tell 'em hobo guy!
Suddenly Hitchcock movie
ah shut up preachy as fucj hobo
Birds flying south for the ice age
Flying south for the unexpected winter.
inb4 shitstorm
INCOMING
Ahh BIRD! Kill it! It's EVIL!
/me roofs get drenched in poo
ITS BIRDEMIC OH FUCK HIDE BEFORE BIRRRDDD ACID
or like Heavy says: IIIIIIIIIIINCOMMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIIIING
dem CGI wolves
SirGanjalf: nice Portal reference ^^
Birds are natural predators of Potato-powered AI cores
They don't even read the answers out loud?
eeyup
That must be the most boring quiz show ever
Suddenly club
NEEEEEERDS
Dem nerds
"ITS FUNNY CAUSE HES A NEEERD!'
But not THAT club.
Now its a club
i think its allowed to talk about that again?
First rule of the Nerd Club...
SLUT
fight club
Good lord to these actors have no chemistry
it's obvious that Gyllenhal doesn't want to be in this movie.At ALL.
its secretly hair club for men
the guy died
dies*
nope we still can't talk about f1ght club
The First rule of Nerd Club is You can talk all you want, because no-one else cares.
brb
all this thunder is starting to go on my nerves
i love thunder
Kencolt: but you can only talk about it in ROT13
which movie is this?
its so pretty
Ekips Really? Then you will LOVE this movie
and so destructive
The day after tomorrow I think
Kencolt: The first rule of the nerd club, register yourself at 4Chan and Reddit and have 10 good discussions per week
if i didnt have a caffein headsche i might anjoy this movie better *sips tea
Deadlypon3 I know, I've already seen it in school
Ekips ISN'T IT GREAT?!
To be honest, I don't know why I'm watching this again
I know what it's like to be too fast....
so, we have a storm the size of texas in the atlanti, and nobody's reporting it.
Ofcourse not
I never saw this yesterday.
...4Chan....went there ONE time....IQ dropped rapidly when i was there
pikorar Oh you...
dramatic scientist
Consequences will never be the same
lol..
4chan is a way to lose faith in humanity
I will never go to 4chan. :D
10,000 years ago: Cave Man: "Nothing like this ever happen before." Other Cave Man: "Not in last 10,000 years!"
Time to call the cyber police
XD
ekips: bah 4chan isn't so bad.
Hai Latin dude :p
That latin dud needs his own movie.
"YOU INTERUPT MY SEX"
Tassadork, just avoiding /b/, right?
"Humanity is dying"
"SEX"
Winter Is Coming
and so Equestria was made
what is dead may never die
Vordox "Seeeex is sexy"
This movie is very similar to Independence Day in the sense that I don't give a shit what happens
Kandarihu: not even. once you've been to the bottom, there's nowhere to go but up =P
Tassadork I know, I use it to remain faith in myself^^
where are pagasi when you need them?
pegasi*
Well fuck.
"Oh hai obvious STORM"
Well fudge.
the weather pegasi are not doing a very good job
Golf balls arent that big
But they hurt...
Eeyup
there goes la
probably derpies job there
I just watched Deadpool vs. Gangham style...
Bet you that RD is just trolling all of them
Tassadork, your standards are too low
ekips: "WHere is Derpy?" "She said she wanted to test out something with a certain... "Cold Front". Would be back later tonight"
she derped up.
Derpy: oops..
A TORNADO WARNIN!?
funniest video I have ever seen
Fox news?
Derpy accidentally the climate
Real news, fake anchors
If you try to open my internet history, you better be prepared for a PORNADO!
back evrypony
Fox news!? oh god...
LAWl
...Not really safe to just fly around like that
no deadpool vs gangham style
>helicopter
Fuck you Hollywood.
THE HORROR, THE HORROR
"FECK YOU HOLLYWOOD" <--- Nature agrees.
ewww fox
>IN A TORNADO
where was channel 3 when the tornadoes came to LA?
and ofcourse the holy wood sign is destroyed
oh nooooo...
Fox news much?
there goes that guy
YOU'RE TEARING ME APART, LISA!
Hey look, its Hollywood playing with itself and smiting itself...
THAT'S TORNADO
IS ANYONE HURT
IS ANYONE FUCKING HURT?!
:D
THAT'S TORNADO'S CARRYING A CAR!
"AND THERE IS AN IDIOT IN A HELICOPTER TAKING VIDEO:
^
WOOHOO TAKE OUT THE RIAA
gabriel iglesias nooooooo
When one tornado and another love each other very much...
Who cares.....
its raining cars...
fusion HA!
I missed the lottery I is sad now :(
DAMMIT RAIBOW! WOULD YOU QUIT IT!?
Welp, we always wanted flying cars.
lol Meanwhile
rainbow*
ther egoes lax
IT'S RAINING CARS
So should the carnage be censored on account of danger?
...
RD pick a bad time to quit her job
I got the video on mute, had they already made the mention of "Lancaster and Palmdale winds are high or something" yet?
HALELUIJA!
discords work here is done
Guys this movie kinda blows
I was kicked out by color
car ain't safe...
they ded
HALLELUEJAH IT'S RAINING CARS
Rainbowdash just broke the wing power record
03 <kidzrul434> I missed the lottery I is sad now :(
I don't get it
Your right, NO ONE WAS IN It...idiot
Hey SlurryMoon
JT: Eeyup
thats a tornado
car is best tornado shelter XD
03 hmm, seems you had some color code going there
he ded
"THAT'S A TORNADO" "....."
for those who didnÄ't know
SlurryMoon: Galaxy Quest and Space Jam, I think.
it clearly was moving beofre it got crushed so yeah someone was in it
hit by a bill board
I don't recall actually
03 I don't know how, but that was the thing that kicked ya
clearly you see this is fox news
Y U NO EVACUATE? :S
Blue screens suck :/
THIS IS A TORNADO
dumbasses
why are you REPORTTING ON IT? IT'S 30 FEET FROM YOU. RUN SHITTARDS.
Look out for the...
Yeah that
guys, did you know? those are tornadoes
ded
LAWL
XD
ouch...
there goes bill
xD
AJIsAwesome, one does not simple evacuate a capital city
Minor headache! I'm okay!
WALK IT OFF!
weather reporter have some guts or severe lack of sense
And thats why I live in the netherlands were there are no tornado's orsuch
Its Bill Nye
Someone know if ANYONES HURT
bahahahahahahh!
so anyway I missed the lottery now i is sad :(
RAWRity its thier job to repot even if it will kill them
Tis only a flesh wound.
"Standing around like a bloody idiot!"
awww fudge
WOOT NL
I'm betting "severe lack of sense".
...You could just move back
he ded
FATALITY
ded
Oh wait, no
Manuel is confused.
STORM WINS
THe latin dude is ALL RIGHT
So... a sopt of bad weather, then.
the countrey only ffing rain falls!
Quick_Thinker: no, it isn't. It's their job to report on the damage when the tornadoes are GONE
THE MEXICAN LIVES
anyone know of a good anti-malware program?
ded
they ded
Cypresswolf, times like these, it really does call for journalists to put their lives in danger.
Spoilers: Paco's the hero.
ALIENS
JT: Same here, what province mate? :)
/me salutes paco
oni_link: my fav is malware-bytes
Yeah...that's how tornados WORK
Luckyl Latino
Noord-Holland
DID PACO MAKE IT?
PACO WILL LIVE
and nothing of value was lost
We call you "Lucky Luke"
Quick_Thinker: yeah paco made it
thanks cratorkid
how about you? Iwa?
Luckiest Mexican ever
JT: noord-brabant
Deadlypon3: M-O-V-I-E ... enjoy it
oni_link: np , its on download.com
so many deed
dahhh man he just got finished fishing
God?
Oke
ded
"No way i'm cleaning THIS up!"
cool
lol fox
We need to change the channel! Ponies are on!
DID TARA MAKE IT OUT OF LA
otakon But I shouldn't turn off mah brain to enjoy this...it should actually be benefiting
*Everybody cheers*
PACO WINS
It's saying a message
she did
Tara is in Canada
wrong
"DOOOAAH , it's funny cuase hundreds DIED!"
shes in LA
shes our leader
Mlp vs world ending ... what do you think
The Swedish Death "Oh COME on..."
you cannot watch a video seriously when you are on Bronystate
well I cant watch the movie, bandwith is crap atm.
Feels batman :c
hey c7
We checked the sun, s'all good.
6Heya ^^
Ew
"No, that's for the next movie"
/me facehoof
"Or for Knowing"
DUN DUN DUUUUN
/me opens up a rift
Fox news, useless as always
alright everypony..into the rift
So in other words, sciency bullshit has proven this is true
get worse :O
DerpyMuffins, better than CNN, at least
that is, if you want to live
Cypresswolf: That's why pictures like that crack me up: http://www.wayfaring.info/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/seafoam-newsouthwales-australia-031.jpg
"Not just continue, Get worse Trailer music"
AUDIBLE GASP :O
Okay, first, the ocean is always becoming saltier, second fresh water becomes salt water pretty soon after being in the ocean.
/me prepares rocket
Toxic sewage is FUN!
/me i got my own plan to survive HEY CELESTIA *kicks celestia shins* TO THE MOOOOOOON WITH MEEEEEE WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Pikorar don't be a fool and ruin the movie logic's
"No. I will not give you the mainframe just because I hate you"
it's far from the worst science ever featured in a movie though. I give this movie points
pikorar: Desaturation still happens
well, nothing here, *jumps off earth on jet pack
Whap.
pikorar: I love you man
whats up?
"GET IT!?!?!? THE HUMOR!!!!!'
Those wacky scientists
/me goes to moon
*smack*
Gibbs slap :p
tea party on the moon anyone
6Not much :P
smack
BITCHSMACK
6You?
What does this have to do with anything?
greet nightmare moon from me name
studying :/
whats the purpose of that kid in adisaster movie ?
RainbowAsh: nada
Vordox: I doubt dumping some fresh water into the ocean could cause the climate to go so crazy. It would have to be a chronic, slow change.
sure why not name lets have a fancy little party *puts on fancy monocle and top hat*
this makes me feel bad
Well good news kid, turns out everyone else'll die fairly soon too!
Rainbowash cause...its the heros wifeeee...
more thunder <.<
hi :P
what little kid says "My mother"?
pikorar: Did you see the size of the shelf?
beep boop beepidy bap
//me has a fancy stache and monicle
Hey everypony, LET'S KILL THE PLANET :D
TrixieMuffin: to put our heartstrings in a blender I guess
i own a channel...if anyone wants to joim it...PM me
Obligatory Littlest Cancer Patient
RAWRity: an entitled one.
this drawing is harder then it looks D:
ok, i know how
Deadlypon3, ah, I see, they didn't have enough characters in the movie yet.
Vordox: Nope.
/me starts charging up her magic
Enjoy these shots of the kid, folks, that kid will play an absolutely CRITICAL role in the plot later on by doing nothing, saying nothing of importance, and staying in the same place the entire movie.
nightmare is eating the muffins
pikorar: If you looked at it earlier, it was quite a split :P
Rainbowash a movies quality is linked to the amount of characters SHOVED into it
And you explain this....how?
<--P.O.N.Y
so snows plan to live is go to Equestria and me and names plan is to go to the moon by means of banishment
/me shoots a black ball of magic to the center of the planet
So unless your a weathermen nobody knows what everything means :P
Vordox: Density might help with preventing that.
f.o.n.y
now its just five minutes untill the planet blows
pikorar: You're speaking of Ice
^ it was a typo in the movie
no, i got here by rocket
Compressed water molecules, pikorar
JT: film is for weathermen *trollface*
6>.<
brb
i pissed of celestia and got banished guess your smarter then me
alright bronies.I'm getting tired,and this movie simply isn't worth pushing myself any further.So good night,and see you next week
Don't FUCKING bow to the vice president!
Snow, Dragon Ball Z reference?
eeeeeeeyup
:D
nods i have my back up plan with a portal gun
Vordox: I missed something, didn't I?
to equestria
Evacuate where?
to the moon
I mean, to where?
"YOU LOST YOUR MIND!!!"
CEREAL VELOCITY WILL SEND THOSE PONIES TO SPACE FOR ONE DOLLAR
pikorar: Maybe, remember the split earlier in the movie where you saw where the shelf cracked?
iff we run out of food to equestria
if*
they never listen
pikorar: you missed my love :P
pikorar: That size alone is quite abig of compressed Sweet Water
yes, because a person would be greedy enough to let entire states be whiped out. Definitely.
...
...That's not a real mammoth
Vordox: I didn't catch the beginning of the movie.
Foreshadowing?
Because freezing works like that
So you can read the tag at the bottom, big deal
pikorar: Oh, it's STILL a stretch though
pikorar: BUt that's what the movie is telling :P
...Do you think Mann Co, Black Mesa, and Apeture Science could be part of the same conglomerate?
Deadlypon3: IKR
sinse when did i start falling ?
so phone's still work? XD
that sky news
...
StinkomanFan, Valve
/me sips tea "earth is so screwed"
StinkomanFan Black Mesa and apeture are rivals; they hate each other so no
Inb4 Not fine
Is that old guy Bilbo Baggins?
Hah Hahahahehehahaha
Meanwhile Jesus your right
Well we can always make the big brony migration reallity
Axel_Dash: You forgot to say "hello".
BUT that was when Cave Johnson ran the company
Deadlypon3: you're*
/me aims a death cannon to the moon "the moon is so screwed"
GET TO THE CHOPPAS
Meanwhile: mother of god
Wow you're right :O bilboooooo!
Axel_Dash, or I didn't catch you saying hello.
but i was here since long D:
/me makes a barrier around the moon
pikorar: you didn't catch me :<
so safe
DAT SUCTION of heat
a giant hole
Axel_Dash: Well I'll say it when I catch you.
...Those are how storms work
JT: WHY would we have a migration? :D
pikorar: okay: hi!
thats not good
10° temperaturedrop per second
W-Wait, so how does no wind or clouds actually make it COLDEr!?
how is this happening some who knows sciene expain it?
Hi Axel_Dash! How are you doing today!? I love you.
Gasoline has a different freezing point than water, Mr. Movie Director.
stay in the copter!
Considering that Black Mesa kept beating Aperture Science out for D.O.D. funds, Aperture would either be acquired by Black Mesa or go out of business.
horse. shit.
they ded
Come on you bastard!
Deadlypon3: this is a stretch of imagination :P
wow
CK|Catnap: it also doesn't freeze instantaneously
Actual British reaction there.
you know its pretty damed cold to freeze jet juel
pikorar: im dojng fine <3
no wind speed, cold air above drops right down?
lol
Someone GIVE HIM SOME TEA DAMNIT
Vordox Well, it's promoting that 'THis will happen if we don't do something' and if it can't be possible WHY SHOULD I CARE?!
instant freeze...
Ok jet fuel doesnt freeze this easily
Deadlypon3: XD Good answer
And Proof that Micheal Bay was not involved in this film. The copter did not blow up.
seems its -274 C
Axel_Dash: That's good!
KELVIN!
I WAS FROZEN TODAY!
keeps them fresh and crunchy
Bilbo is best geologist.
Kelvin meter <--- The absolute Cold
i just had an epic fail moment
scotland?
:D
well he does live in a hill
Oh, so they even ADMIT that the whole gasoline freezing is stupid and bullshit
ha ha the moon lives
ME BOTTLE OF SCRUMPY!
What if someone were to instafreeze, and then instafreeze AGAIN! Is that even possible?
Well, thank god the storm is specially made to target EVERY HUMAN THING instead of actually acting like a storm!!!!!!
phone's and the internet still works while cars get lifted of the ground?
SO this movie is kinda bad
it is
It is
it is
Aye.
Kinda is generous. :P
ROOOOOOOOOOOOOCK YOU LIKE A HURRICAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANE
but it's fun to see stuff get destroyed
JT the best thing about it? watched 2012, cellphones worked even as the nations are SWEPT away
Well I'm enjoying it so far :<
True
This movie is a steaming bag of dicks. :I
needs random sex scene
What the nordics are doing during the events of this movie; In Finland, people are currently warming up the saunas. In sweden, the people are starting to wear second layer of clothes. In Norway, people are making sure the fishes are canned in right type of oil. In Russia, Vodka production rate has been doubled.
What otakon said
Deadlypon3: 2012 came out after this
It aims for so bad it's good, but fails without being so bad it's horrible.
Guess how much that brother will affect anything
/me guitar solo
PONY: Too true :D
PONY: lol
StinkomanFan: dbz abridged refference?
Or even if that brother is mentioned again...
THE SMOOZE
Ugh, gross.
bubbly
hobo guy is so gonna live
that is SEWAGE
PONY sounds about right. =P
Shit Happens.
jerk
in canada they are preparing for a suplus of ice exports
Oh damn
Random hobo is best hobo.
a shitstorm is coming up
No Snow, I knew the scorpians before DBZAbridged mentioned them.
Ryunosuke: and rotating their winter tires
...
FOOOOOX
weeping_Pegasi82 if you saw that dude on your doorstep, would you say 'STEP INSIDE!"
NEEWWWWS
25 feet :O
BULLSHIT
no possible
well there goes my cousin
Where is the water coming from? SPACE?
in alaska, they're doubling moose hunts
thats like 7,5 meters...
Don't worry, Godzilla will stop that shit.
Water cannot move that fast instantaneously!
oooh thunder =D
In Denmark, they are building a giant wall around the Copenhagen out of Legos
CK|Catnap, portal gun
...Why would you pick up your brother in THIS weather?
....
lolwut pony?
6What'd you do? :P
Stairs are healthy for you
Science
stairs it is
CK|Catnap: ice caps are melting apparently, and it's altered the currents until the old water is essentially just being shotgunned straight into New England.
He needs to pick up his brother right now so the movie has an excuse to intentionally be outside!
Yeah, WALK Home...idiot
i got something better PONY
*cold
any ideas on what to watch on youtube while this is muted?
YOU STUPID IDIOT. Airports are shut down, raillines are down
no not the bears
HOW DO YOU THINK YOU WILL GET HOME!?
RELEASE THE KRAKEN
Jog?
the netherlands is destroying their econom...wait.... that snot better 6_9
CK|Catnap: think of it like NYC getting an ice water enema on a global scale
JINKIES!
amuse me Snow
oh no the CGI wolves are gone!
:o
"Not the rare CGI wolves!"
lol
Oh great, if things werent bad enough Now weve got Wolves!
haha i still have internet here on the moon
InEcsseable
isnt it normally
I went dowstairs to get a kleenex box, forgot it, came upstairs, went downstairs again to get it, forgot it, went downstairs again, got it :P
Aslong as the ponies are oke IDC
RaveBrony: at least no whales yet
Thug Life.
Mine!
I would have gone with escaped bears instead. Everything is worse with bears.
otakon: yet
there gonna be frozen whales
:D
You know it's srs bsns if even Nick Jr's air Fox News.
i have internet in this other dimension
"read the siiign"
beat that.
RAWRity: Yes, the caps are melting. No, all of that ice wouldn't melt that fast. And NO, it wouldn't move that fast either.
poor doggy:(
hobo is right
CK|Catnap: this is the movie's explanation
"OY GIVAULT!"
MONEY
So many tubby guys around
I'll make you service.... Mmmmm.
So much fun on a bos? Wut?
the guys in the bus dies of drowning
bus*
...
...YOu mean the TOP FLOOR OF A MASSIVE APARTMNET?!
*insert 400.000 dollar joke here*
*facepalm*
She's saying "GET ME THE FUCK OUT OF HERE
Yeah, let's head to the small library
"I CAN'T UNDERSTAND WHAT OYU ARE SAYING, WHY ARE YOU HERE IN this country with NO communication skilsl?!"
WATER WOLVES
THATS GENIYUS
...
._.
GODDAMNIT YOU FUCKING IDIOT
how did the wolves survive?
break the window!
Water does not move that fast!
THEY'RE IN A CAR FILLING WITH WATER
:O
rip statute of liberty
its kinda obvoius if therye slamming on the door and they cant get out
LAWL
WHAT DO YOU THINK THEY WANT?
Statue of Liberty, she's wet
XD
Surf's up?
^
uh oh
new york : the new atlantis
oni_link, yeah, they want beverages.
surfer's dream
That's several dozen feet of water moving instantaneously. That can't happen. :|
surfs up bra
Somebody took a piss in Neptune's coffee this morning.
it is possible to move that water so fast
Seapony of liberty
6xDDDD I've done stuff like that ^^
Surfs up!
Magic *snort* *snort*
Yeah, not like THATS easy to communicate
Suuuuuurfiiiing, surfing USAAAAAAAAAA~
Mann vs. Machine anyone?
my headphones can't handle the bass
Blub.
ask me that next week and ill say yes
Well they just need to singnal SOS so the seaponies can save them
BUS surf time!
Polar Ice Caps Used Surf. It's Super Effective!
"DOooph!'
Glub glub, Charlieeeee.
darn you sea ponies! just because you didn't show up in G4!
i knew it earth is screwed
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo~
:O
I CALLED IT
Call upon the sea ponies when you're in distress!
Really...IT DIDN'T FUCKING DO ANYTHING!
ZUUULLLL!!!!
WHY WERE THEY THERE?!
Helpful as can be ponies simply signal S.O.S
No? ok then
/me leaves
where is gandalf when you need him?
they ded
QUICK CAPTAIN PLANET!
YOU! SHALL NOT! PASS!!!!
If you find you're cast adrift, and haven't got an oar (Oar~)
well cloudsdale is somtwhat safe
back what did i... Mother of go!!!
forgetaboutit!
Call upon the sea ponies they'll see you to shore.
god8
dumb girl
"i'll get it for her" you fucking putz
Call apon the sea ponies when you're in destress
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo.
damn it
best wave evar
WATER you doing Laura!?
ded
call in the sea ponies
...These are really stupid people
dat pun...
Wouödn't have made it =P
Surfers have a boner right now
ba dum tss
wasnt punny
gee I wonder why everyone's screaming?
GO HOBO GO
we need rainbowdash
Go go go!!!!
BOOMER WILL LIVE
wing boners that is pony ^^
Damn, that water is angry
my bass is dying on this <.<
PONY: The beach boys are fapping in their graves.
WHO ordered a cab!?
WATER SMASH!
man this would be the surfers dream come true surfing into a city :D
I like how we're only supposed to care about the three shown so far, and ignore the fact that thousands are dying right now.
ZUUUULLL!!!! :[
Totally not obvious that so much water can smash glass....
I'm sorry to say but Applejack can do nothing right now
Neptune wanted a bagel.
You know, This movie would be a MILLION times better if it just focused on the New York Muesum Only!
Because who cares about those OTHER PEOPLE, all that matters is if this guy and his girlfriend survive!
Deadlypon3: I agree.
More focus on the surviviors, we get to know them....
Ohai Bilbo
its be better it it was in focus :)
/me drinks cider
neville longbottom?
This is what happens when Neptune drinks too much cranberry juice and gets stuck in a meeting for 4 hours.
cider taste a lot like wine
^:D
:P
Ohai :)
hi
/me grabs coca cola
SPACE COLD
How?
"I WISH IT WERE"
I'm a frayed knot.
You can't just say "this shit's happening" and not explain HOW. >_>
So far, you just bring us bad news
i'm back what did i miss?
CK|Catnap: to be fair, that's how most films work. the drama is supposed to be derived not from seeing nameless masses being swept up, but by the danger of our main characters who we know and supposedly care about. This film just sucks at building characters.
destruction i guess
nothin special
thelonepony: You missed the end. OF THE WORLD.
Sweden: "Getting a bit chilly...
pretty colors!
Vordox: xD
haha
That looks like van gogh
"It's the end of the world as we know it..."
Rawrity It just has too many goddamn CHARACTERS who don't have anything to do
pikorar i seen worst
Ice Age 5.
Winter Is Coming
why am i getting the feeling pinkie is behind all of this?
INB4 NEW ICE AGE! Kids of 2020 can SUCK IT!
show winter wrap up after this!
/me has returned with a shrimp coctail and begins to nom
RAWRity: And therein is the fundamental flaw in disaster movies. We're not supposed to give a shit about the thousands of people dying in horrific ways, only the handful of characters they choose as "important".
i like how this movie isnt even thinking about the rest of the world
looks like antartica won't be hit by the storms
CK|Catnap: for instance, in Wall-E we don't give a fuck about the humans and their issues. We care about getting Wall-E back to earth before he dies.
Most of whom are no more important than the folks who died.
it's like they aretn evenhere
Prepare your iglus
Bilbo, save us!
RAWRity: I love that movie
:O BILBO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Isnt this movie a bit like 2012 with less docuhie people?
:O
Catnap Well, No...as long as they treat it seriously and actually acknowledge the deaths instead of making wise ass remarks
Man, can't wait for PJ's "Hobbit"
in the year 2525 , if man is still alive .... lol nope !
SirGanjalf: Me neither
Night, regs.
The brand new New York River.
TrixieMuffin, there is always a handful to survive
/me has not seen 2012
<3 dat dog
Gnight, people. Don't die.
I'm hungry for hot dogs now
RAWRity: Fundamental difference in thinking, though. The humans were not in danger of dying horribly from a freak storm of unexplained science-magic.
macthebrony: no 2012 also had earthquake's
night Ninjazz
Dat hobo :O
gnight Ninjazz
I'll try Ninjazz: Good night.
Cya Ninjazz!
a dog eating a hot dog
...Or really stupid of YOU
ikr Snow :3
Night Ninjazz.
cya ninjazz
"You owe me sex" "k, if we survive" PLOT I MADE I GENIUS AM NEXT HIT
Hobo is best human
Its 2012 before all the 2012 shit started and people started latching onto that plot for a movie. Remember when 2012 came out alongside something that was essentially the same thing just a different title?
Cya, again, Ninjazz!
Wow, these people are so calm about the end of the world.
:D
or day cant really tell in the moon
inb4 hobo saves the world
its a dog eat hotdog world
Lol, Rave.
NO U!
TrixieMuffin: oh you
Oh, yes only few mnths 'till end of the world... How many of you heard they found a new calendar rather recently?
what if
I know I missed the start of the movie but it seems like the characters are pretty sucky
RAWRity: In disaster movies, the core argument is that we're supposed to care about their choice of characters and ignore all the other equally important (if not MORE important) families and people dying. That just doesn't fly for me, no matter how well you develop those characters.
how would he know that
"damn cellphones" yeah, not like the storm would have destroyed the fucking towers or anything.
A MAD HOUSE!
this will happen tommorow but we are in a time paradox in wich we relive the same day over and over again?
...So telephone lines work, but electricity doesn't WORK
My friend said that "2012" sucks even compared to "TDAT"
PONY: One theory of mine was that what if they didnt have time to finish the calendar? They did just dissapear all of a suden
SirGanjalf: that I heard as well
Dat 4 Celsius water isn't THAT cold... Wimp
no 2012 was pretty good
oni_link: that's what I said
It would be interesting to see a new Ice Age before my death
SirGanjalf Both of them are equally dumb...at least TDAT has some interesting ideas
otakon: Great minds think alike :)
inb4 hypothermia
PONY: Don't wish for an Ice Age before your death if you know what I mean.
Vordox: that's only 4 degrees above freezing, that's REALLY FUCKING COLD
"Yeah, sorry I couldn't spent as much time with my son when I was SAVING THE FUCKING EARTH, YOU BIIYTCH'
say hello to sid the sloth for me down there
otakon: You have never heard of the Swedish tradition of "Nyårsdoppet" "New Years Dip"? :D
"Why should I care about my son living when I have the entire WORLD TO THINK ABOUT"
Vordox: we have our own version of that. We call the Polar Bear's Club
That's just the sound of me drowning, dad
Luckily the phone company is doing well.
Deadlypon3: Frozen New York it's pretty much the only part of this movie i like. Other stuff is "meh" at best.
*is
Twilight Sparkle shall save you children!
yeah... once the year is over the doomsayers will just pick another number
SirGanjalf if they focus on a city frozen over and the inhabinits trying to survive is really awesome
"Wait out the ice age " "k"
ofcourse tassadork
StinkofmanFan: But Twilight isn't allowed to use magic for Winter Wrap Up.
it's going higher every second BULLSHIT
oh, we miscalculated and 2012 is actually in 2014!
not making a come joke here
PONY: They were just fascinated with time. So the 2012 calenar was just a coincedence :P thats cool
Dad, enough wih the dramatic pauses, fucking tell me before I drown you shit stain.
Rawrity XD
...
"I will come for you, I will find you, and I WILL kill you!"
xD
It's not even winter Pikorar!
did anyone thought of my therio(dont know how to spell that word)?
blup
ded
Ded
He pooted.
Snow: Theory
dun dun duuuuun
Kandarihu wrong actor :p
y u do dis
Of COURSE je'
*he's alive
and then she does nothig to try and save him.
I almost did bitch U don't help me? :O
...What, did he drop his wallet down there!?
I saved you from drowning
why didn't he go for him xD
she*
"I thought you drowned...so I did nothing but stare at the water."
The lines fit together like a jigsaw piece
I can tell you why.
"THIS IS NOT THE SAME"
*trollface*
Lucy, say it and I will beat you.
One does not simple walk into new york
*throws up on floor hapily*
THIS IS NOT THE SAME :(
...Shouldn't you stay so you can help with evacuation efforts?
that old guy reference
nerd hug
dat body heat
CONSEQUENCES WILL NEVER BE THE SAME:[
"I walked 20 miles barefoot in the snow to school you young whippersnapper"
Galaxy Quest has high rating and high budget/gross
:p
She didn't jump in because this movie doesn't believe that women can do anything. >_> Notice how this wife is doing nothing, the girlfriend is doing nothing, every female character (the few there are) aren't doing ANYTHING?
So yeah
N-No? Gonna go and save your son, who is probably smart enough to survive on his own
It's A
His heart = FAIL!
dat akward hug
baad excuse lady
It looks kind of 'goofy', but it's A
I still don't get evacuate where. Isn't the eye of the storm cold and the rest of the world f*cked up by the storms?
bleh
Deadlypon3: they aren't DOING evacuation efforts because apparently the vice president hates humanity.
Much better, heh
RAWRity, didn't you know? Any character, in any film, book or game, who isn't currently "on camera", freezes and teleports where they are next needed, in this case, someone just forgot to turn of the camera.
And Space Jam's alright
Rawrity Nobody is doing anything.
Shes just making it worse , if the blood from his boner rushes .... you get the picture
Deadlypon3: eeyup
RAWRity: who doesn't?
Rawrity the only thing doing anything is the storm
Dogie :O
There's a fly in my room but I can't go let it out. I don't want to miss even a second of this amazing, wonderful movie :P
boat
13https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/9/10/ywoS8H5KDUeagsjMqDTXxA2.gif
Yo dawg, I heard you like yo dog.
TrixieMuffin: :D you're right
back internet lag
and then apparently wolves
BlazingStreak: o really hope thats a joke
PONY: funny thing also, my mom and her side of the family is guatemalan
Yoiks and away Shizu.
Pinkie: "Jingle bells jingle bells!"
Humans Vs. The World.
Lol, yep
THE TITANIC!
Its a butt o.o
fucking boats
IT LIVES!
oh man, it's like The Happening all over again. They're running from the wind.
It's the bloody Titanic!
Titanic is back!
...What the hell happened to the sailors? Did they get drunk and abandon ship?!
Meanwhile: was that a daffy duck refrence??
lolno
OH BULLSHIT.
...bitches
Shipping
Although I don't find it as bad as most of you are making it out to be.
I'M ON A BOAT!
oni_link: Yes. Yes it was.
WHERE DID THE SHIP COME FROM!?
That thing would have slammed into a building and stopped.
A cruise ship would not fit into the streets of Manhattan, nice try
still better shipping pony then twilight (bad pun)
Deadlypon3, what should do with a drunken sailor?
Meanwhile: awesome :3
Don't you hate when you're at the library and a boat sails past?
THere's the bus!
CK|Catnap: technically it's not a cruise shp.
^
still on the moon motha truckas
No one expects ships.
13i guess their ship came in
/me shoots the moon down
It's more of an oil tanker, yes, which only makes it LESS plausible
ah, i blew it
Sweden: "There's a difference?"
Earth came.
All over itself.
^
HE JACK STOLE MY LABTOP >:(
13from stuff i've read, we haven't exactly *left* the last ice age
:D
"THAT IS NOT AMUZZING I AM NOT FKFKFLFLFL"
Shizuka: It's too varied on Ice age eras...
ooooooo
"I am such a JOKER!"
Shizuka: We can't exactly say where we are.
"fuck the borrs"
Oh burn.
Did anyone saw the EU Starcraft tourney finals?
borders*
I COME FROM THE LAND OF THE ICE AND SNOW
13oh we'll be fine donchaknow
her comes the irony
ohai President gore
Vordox: But some might say.... That we're just in love. <3
here*
"could have make a difference" A DAY PRIOR
this movie learns us onething
13you never been fishin in the boundary waters mister
Even weatherman can be hero's
and then all Canadians died that day
"According to my vague science bullshit machines, I've determined that this storm is so cold that it's capable of breaking physical laws of nature."
im a canadian
/me is reminded of the south park episode
on the moon
but there was one the storm feared
Finns just keep bathing in Sauna under the Ice
Rustymeat: =(
nah to canada it felt like summer
Thank Gaia I live in North Carolina. Well.... Not really, this state sucks anyway!
>evacuate the country south of this line
13vice president chick daney
cratorkid exept theres no penis on the board
CK|Catnap: "But it will conveniently stop right on the border of Pensylvania>
lol shuzuka u silly
CK|Catnap, this movie in a nutshell
>screw the people above the line, don't bother trying
Sweden: "We don't need any help here, we got our brothers and sisters, and our neighbour and their vodka, we'll be fine!"
OOOHHHHHHHHHH YYYYYYYEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
...Why does anyone care about the vice president?
Falon: *nods
Launch ALL the nukes for da Lulz!!
13owned
And president Gal Ore
pikorar: as somebody who also lives in NC, I sympathize.
oooooo
derpy advice #12 when there's a snowstorm GET A FUCKING BLANKET CAUSE WERE ALL GONNA DIEH
PONY: Finns will only get pissed at -297c because their Koskenkorva gets frozen
Russians natural freezing point is -273.16 Celsius, they are doing ust fine.
Yeah, stfu Dick Cheney.
DOOOaaaahhhahaoao That doesn't change a damn thing
:'(
I'm done making my fan art for Dragon ball Z :D
I think this movie is trying to tell me something. I just don't know what
13better finish eating your shoe there rick shaney
LEMME SEE
hold on
:)
im curious!
need to upload it first
:p
And all because the vp was bitching
/me is inpatiently waiting
I've never seen DBZ but still want to see! :D
Now the white house is REALLY white.
man all these disaster films suck lol try to make fake teories make sense and wut not :D
13meanwhile in st paul
Your character is the most one-dimensional dick munch in this movie, so please never speak another line of dialogue kthx.
Hm?
im sad bfdia is gone forever
Oh, right yeah.
*theroies
hay shizuka is the world ready for this
meanwhile in winnipeg, people start finding their t-shirts a bit chilly and find some jackets
Catnap And it isn't even that he is wrong! It's just that he is so dickish about it
hold on guys
VODKA
flutterchu, bfdia?
And?
13use the vodka you nun
....
oh, scotsh
Tassadork: I'm sure.
bring out the cup
12 year old scotsh xD
Kandarihu: Battle For Dream Island Agian
Oh Bilbo...
This movie drives me to drink
Yay! I was worried we wouldn't see bilbo again :)
gentelmen.
To Gondor.
lol
<-- UK got style
To 'MURICA.
13way to blow your toast there bub
bilbo totally got this
CK|Catnap: at least he's not QUITE as bad as the guy in 2012 who kills a bunch of people because he wants more leg room.
to mordor
Its been an honor playing with you
To Shire!
lol, Man U suck.
pikorar: Noone wants to :P
...SO uhm...Instead of a few days worth surviving, we shall drink down the last of the fuel!
/me sends down rockets
Vordox: Well yeah.
and now theyre ded
13someone started playing black mesa and killed the power
/me reflects them back
ANd they shall never be mentioned again
Deadlypon3, I don't think that scotch would have lasted for 5 minutes
Deadlypon3: Heck, scotch wuld make a lousy fuel anyhow.
And that's how PROPER English man dies, with dignity and Scotch
makes portal to the moon to earth
13in short, i'm a NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERD
better dieing drunk than surviving a few hours longer
"SIR, I AM A GENIUSSsss..."
PONY: Depends entierly on the scotch
arent we all?
/me tackle-glomps Shizuka
Saved Shizu.
http://www.spyroforum.com/topic-12865-spyrochat-com.html
If only Homer was in there
"Sir, my character has only one purpose in this movie, so shut up and let me do science."
"DUURrrrhhghg huhrhrhruh It's funny CAUSE EVERYTHING IS DEAD!"
WHERE IS THE PICTURE!?
He's shy about his hot dog.
Unnr, cup of tea will do just fine as well, I suppose
13here we come a wassailing among the streets of whiiiiite~
why is there no glomping me :l
you should go there and make a post so hopefully people actually come
PEOPLE!? I never saw a person before!
So much better if they started trading supplies
Vrace yourselves, White Walkers are coming!
what IS glomping?
Walkers!
/me hands quick_thinker some tea
Pony How about a port or sherry?
White walkers!
If you're goin' to San Franciscooooo
Snow: Just a forceful hug.
They're following the trail of yellow snow.
SirGanjalf: BURN EM
Shizuka: but it's the middle of JULY!
....HOW
is there a picture of it?
How did you get a signal?!?
I froze your planet you MOOK!
....wait...
"I hate the snow...I hate the snow...Man I sure do hate the snow. I hate the sleet, and I hate the rain, but man I sure do hate the snow."
No.
The storm would have destroyed ALL the towers in the fucking city
That doesn't make sense
13he just can't quit books
hold on guys
RAWRity: Hey Arnold!
6Ok ^^
13yay freezing to death!
here it is
"WAAAAHHHTTT?! Makin a MISTAKE!"
otakon: eeyup. I love that show.
...why do you hate me RAWRity?
RAWRity: me too
"I AM AN COP, I MAKE NO MISTAAAkkeeesss!'
It's only -158 degrees F! Let's go!
NICE
thank you :D
...You could TRADE FOR SUPPLIES WITH THE OTHER PEOPLE!
RAWRity: i dont remember having any contact with us since june *throws up on RAWRity *
"What is this nonsense?" What are you, stupid? Your city just got flooded by a wave of water and is buried in snow! Are you INSANE?
13we're not getting paid to look kid!
Hobo = Street smart = Lives?
"Listen to me for I AM THE LAAAAAAW"
Some might say it could even get cruddy!
Literally YOU COULD TRADE For food with the other people inside the city!
13look at it this way kid, you just singlehandedly raised the IQ of the surviving population!
never listen to a police guy. rule 6
sure ignore the kid with the reliable info
that looks preety cool
These people all left because they weren't being paid enough to cameo in this movie
13all the stupid people just went out to die
Listen to that guy! He is being filmed, like he was an important charater!
Shizuka: XD
13nature wishes it could be that efficient
Shizuka good point...
march of the penguins human style
all them dieing LEAVES US WITH MORE FOOD
Darwinism in action.
^
@shizuka: if it only was that easy
so what we watching?
WHEN WILL HE LEAVE?!
Shizuka, if only
Public Library = lots of firewood/paper
but no food
TrixieMuffin: ...but..but..knowledge.
eat the books
derpy advice #13 never trust anyone that think there always right
TrixieMuffin And all those people out there? Bet they have lots of food but little burning material
13oh no not little jimmy cancer patient!
unless there is an underwater grocery store close by
PONY: Believe it or not, but PAPER is good fiber :P
TrixieMuffin Could TRADE for it
I wonder if twilight would ever burn a book for her own survival?
Vordox: they'll just burn the Young Adult section. and all the copies fo 50 Shades of Grey
Shizuka: NOT THAT GUY. He was my favorite guy! ;_;
BlazingStreak nope
13well i thought i was watching YOURback
Derpy advice #14 always have a muffin i case of muffin emergency
Shizu: He's probably yuckin' it up right now since everyone elses average life expectancy is now the same as his.
BlazingStreak: she woulnt she would die unpeacefully
in*
Can anyone tell me what movies won the lottery?
Nope, twilight would just make an extra-insulated book fort
But what about.... THE WHALES?
/peta
Galaxy Quest and Space Jam
Snow: derpy advice is my job
OH THE IRONY
BlazingStreak: Thanks
^
i thought it was a club that wasn't suppose to be talked of
it was a joke.
irony!
13mexican officials are capable of closing the border? the US isn't even capable of protecting theirs!
Having so much trouble with my browser today.
SYMBOLISM
Snow in Texas? Hurray Snow Day ^_^
DOOOH!!
<--- Dat Irony.
the Irony
LAWL
glad im on the moon
DAMM MY NAME
snow, in mexico?!?1
look at that irony
13and suddenly the media gives a damn about illegal immigration
...WE REALLY NEEDED TO TALK ABOUT ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION HERE, RIGHT?
name: How's the food?
13REVERSED IRONY
Snow get to Alabama
Name, can I join you on the moon? ^^
name were are so laughing our asses off on the moon
08,01wheeeeeee
Turnabout is fair play
as I said before, they official statement should have been "fuck the borders"
The Irony - it's DELICIOUS
im not in alabama!
13yep burn the books, don't worry about those OAK tables
AGRRED
RAWRity: It's only gonna get worse.
pretty good tons of muffins
/me 08,01joins name on the moon
I know you're not it's hot here
o/
but without tables
13don't trip over the WOODEN furniture
where will they keep the books
Shizuka Don't burn the bookSHELVES
yeah i wannt so see twilight cry
Not the books! Won't somebody think of the books???
That woman needs a Kindel.
Death...or crispy books...
/me name would you like a spot of tea? moon tea that is
to burn
<--- AND NOONE DID THAT YET?
yummy
Vordox Nope
Shizuka: to be fair, that's gona be harder to break and burn than books.
plug
13pff you can make potato chips last forever
nice there hobo
how about the yuou know
Quick_Thinker: yes please
Homeless guy to the rescue.
WOOD TABLES IN THE ROOM
...
Their going to burn books? Look away Twilight
hands name a kettle full of tea
Neitzcha
OH BOY, SKITTLES
...
FECK YOU LAW
/me sips tea
Twilight does not approve
FUck off
13HO HO LAW HUMOR
So what movie is this?
tax law XD
13so brave
Hey, remember the story of the two bickering assholes who burned books for survival!?
Man, this movie.
Shizuka hahahahahah It's funny cause people are dying
Internet's failing on me today, so I can't watch stream :<
YUS!
Burn ALL the Tax LAw
Sucks Nittany.
lol
13all the ambulances died
Shizuka: plus the books would do decently as kindling with the furniture as long burning wood.
hey Nittany_Discord
theres a whole bunch of twilight books BURN THEKM BURN THEM FASTER
Hai Nittany_Discord !
They owe 35 pesos.
/me glomps Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord: Welcoe to Cold Front's directed movie
13RAWRity: yeah but they don't consider the furniture for a moment
/me hugs Nittany_Discord.
You betrayed the LAAAAAW
13it's all books and tax law
/me dusts and cleans Nittany_Discord
Deadlypon3, The writings of Fredrich Nietche (sp) is sacred. The overbloated tax code is not. That's the joke
RAWRity: You start a fire with paper or wood?
Hey Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord: Holla! Been a while! :)
USA has no ability to pay back the debt even if we collect every piece of our currency into one pile
13nietzche
Also varnish on most furniture would be highly toxic to breathe
/me hugs GilDash
OH NOES, the cancer patient might die!
ok, i looked up glomp
derpy advice #14 (for real this time) you should always get a whole section on tax laws it could involve saving your life
GilDash, it's been a while
CK|Catnap: Oh wait.
IMAGINE THAT
NEWS FLASH MOVIE WE DONT FUCKIN CARE ABOUT THE CANCER KID HE HAS DONE NOTHING WILL DO NOTHING AND IS MOST USLESS CAHRACTER IN THE ENTIRE MOVIE
seems its how i great my best friends
Shizuka: They might need those for when the rebuild society.
PONY: I know, right? All of 1 day! XD
Kandarihu GET IT?!! ITS FUNNY THAT THEY HAVE TO CONSIDEr burning something that may be the last thing of humanitys records
i tackle hug them
...
GET THE JOKE?!
GilDash, 1 day?
but hes got CANCER
13eh not the tax law
Zamer, that's why raising taxes isn't the answer.
gildash? as in gilda loves RD?
:'( no not the cancer kid
13if they were holed up in the capitol sure
CK|Catnap: No one'll admit it, but he's actually the emergency food.
Hi everyone! :) What're we watching?
PONY: Wasn't I speaking to you last night?
it turns out his cancer is actually the cure for global warning.
whoopie dee the kid dies
isnt he going to die anyway
Shizuka But they never consider the OTAK TABLES
JT: ... That's odd... but yes, that.
13eeyup
Restarted Firefox.
13here's a question
Yeahl. Well that happened
13they had books
CK|Catnap: On the bright side: Many people that don't have the cancer will die soon either... Wait, that's not bright at all.
13but how did they START the fire
GilDash, I was her for like 1 minute, so if ya went on after that, I don't know about that :D
What're we watching?
....how is he getting a signal at all? O.o
Freaking fillyfooling rainbowdash again..XD
inb4 her cut leg leads to the wolves finding them.
magic
13or was it always burning since the world's been turning?
Shizuka: Matches etc etc from the hobo?
Lighter?
Shizuka: Magic *snort snort*
6^^
Shizuka: They had lightsabers.
>entire northern hemisphere
every guy in movies have a tinderbox in their pocket
Shizuka: aaaah I see what you did there
Shizuka they burnt all the survival books and left the tax books safe :P
BULLLLLLSHIT
PONY: Oh, alright. I was shattered last night anyway so it could have been anyone I was talking to. :D
Why does the whole world thinks she's lesbian..
family is better than magic
GilDash, classic
13ohhh they showed the fireplace the tax code and it set itself on fire to escape, then realized it's a fireplace
name
:)
They are Obviously dragons people! Geeez. Add some logic!! :[
"No hat?! WHY AREN'T YOU WEARING HAT"
With magic you can make familly
Shizuka, the fireplace knows better
JT: It's more jokey to me anyway. She does come off as very possesive though. And your name... my initials... hmm. :S
Well if the hospital runs out of food they can always give cancer kid a quick bonk in the head.
13that was the softest car crash in movie history
Shizuka: am I the only one who got that song reference?
they dont have a hat, its still better then the gastly gibus
One could say they were stopped.... COLD!
Imagine that, it's stupid to drive in a snow storm
well, that didn't go well
When we're all out of books and furniture, we'll have to burn the building
badumtish
yeah they are mine initials too
But i dun wanna!
13PillowPoni|Phone: probably, but at least it wasn't the cola wars, i can't take it anymore
one of them died
I thought that there's always sunny in Philadephia?
Shizuka: lol
JT: Fair enough. Two JT's! :D
Oh damn....
And I know its more of a joke but After seeing soo many stories of fillyfooling dash Its a bit anoying :P
has Euro movie night already started?
"Let's Walk South!"
What're we watching?
ya blew it cop
ded
They ded
Aw, she dead.
13welp, two more down, nice job cop man
Shizuka and they all died
ok two then
ISN'T THIS A HAPPY MOVIE?!
That's food you're leaving behind!
Why the hell would you sleep in the middle of a storm anyways?
Zamer: It started 4 and a half hours ago
That's guaranteed death.
CK|Catnap, exhaustion
13he's tearing up atlas shrugged cause it's so dense
13GET IT
hobo is a survivalist
13HA HA
CK|Catnap: Rahter that then freeze deth?
HA
Let's learn from you hobo guy
website's timer lied to me :(
gross meanwhile gross^^
Shizuka: HA!
Deadlypon3, it is! It's about a pest extermination! (and we are the pests)
hobo saves the day
Shizuka: hey, how was he supposed to know that hiking miles and miles in a blizzard was a bad idea?
shows it as 28minutes
dammit, getting sleepy again.
Same :( Lucky I only missed 1 movie though
Exhaustion is not an excuse. If you go to sleep in a snowstorm, you're DEAD.
Who use my name as well?
They sit in a room full of wooden furniture, burning paper
rich kid is now a hobo
Lol
JT: I don't actually ship Dash with Gilda though. It's totally one sided to me. :D
Falon: Hey if were all in mortal peril and you died I'd roast you to a tender golden brown.
You keep standing and moving until you can't move a damn muscle, that's how you survive a snowstorm. >_>
"Hahahahah. we are telling funny stories while the last scene showed a couple having DIED IN THERE SLEEP! ITS FUNNY!!"
oh the irny
13i think i set the timer for friday time not saturday time... this should be the only case of that happening this month
Well I don't mind seeing a Gildash story
guys, keep me awake please, i dont want to fall asleep again
Oh so that's why it was borked Shizu?
SNOW
snow
meanwhile im sure i taste great^^ still gross
ok
13the countdown plugin isn't very user friendly
SNOW
SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW SNOW :D
Snow
snow snow snow
Snow
Deadlypon3, dying in sleep is prett peaceful way to go
PONY It's still DYING
Shizuka: is ANY plug-in user friendly?
JT: It's been ages since I've read anything. Need to catch up a lot on that front.
better than taht
the willamete MALL
Ho ho ho ho I got ice hair ho ho ho ho I got ice hair everybody sing about ice hair 1 2 3 4.
13my embed switcher is
Well at least now I know what time it actually starts, because I am NOT missing Space Jam.
Snow:
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow...
Welp he ded
Snow
population 53,594
PONY WHy show that scene and then suddenly switch to a tender humor scene?!
Snow
Shizuka: Pickaxe on glass = Is snow = wha?
Snow
Deadlypon3, death is a natural order, what's wrong with that
13it's beautiful.....ly atrocious but it's at least better than the other plugins we use
guys keep snow awake
3...2...1...Twilight Zone event. Women wakes up and we find out instead of a new ice age, it's all a dream where the sun is burning everything alive
Snow
13oh frank and his shopping addiction
ha funny
doh ohohohoh
Ooh, are they above the Walmart?
Snow
Man, Snow is getting helluva pings right now
"THAT CONSUMERISM!
Snow
Dammit man the Ikea furniture cna wait
13he's yelling into glass
nice catch
if only he wasnt so fat
Snow
well, it is keeping me awake
13how is the other guy supposed to hear him
I'm pretty sure there's a gildash out there
no not te kea furniture
*gildash story
ikea*
Shizuka "MRRM OOHNM PRRLM MBRUP"
13with blowing wind how are ANY of them supposed to hear each other
Bare hands?
Hi everypony im back from watchin Ted :)
lip reading?
I FOUND A MISTAKE
Shizuka: Super hearing.
Shizuka Just lightly yelling at each other is enough
cachi01|phone: no spoilers, was it good?
ded
You don't say...
JT: Probably is. Just not time to look for it. :D
hi cachi01|phone did you enjoy the movie
PONY heck yeah it was!
:p
ow
GET OFF THE GLASS YOU FAT ASS!
"The ICE is gonna BREAK!"
thelonepony it was fucking awesome =D
FRANK NOOOOOOOOOOOO
frank!
Noooooooooo
13wheeee
or the glass in this case
ded
:'(
FRANK!!!!!
Plop.
13and he lands on the pack and walks away unharmed
Obvioulsy they all have integrated throat mikes in their parkas
wait....if Frank fell, shouldn't we have heard a sound
NO! FRANK!....WE KNEW NOTHING ABOUT YOU!
Oh no, not Frank! I have no idea who that is or why I should care! ;_;
GF frank...
Shizuka: The cart before cracked on a railing escalator
well at least frank died at the mall
mm dar chili
So let this be a lesson. Don't cut the rope, it just silently offs you from the movie.
he ded
Shizuka: His back went snap
*your
In memory of Frank. "I only hoped to watch my son die long before me."
have you ever seen anyone named embers-in-the-night?
I guess they're hearing each other just by shouting
He's stealing that cup.
13nah he's fine, see cause in movie tradition we didn't actually see his death
damm you background music
Brokeback mountain any1?
/me salutes frank
13that means he'll be back later as frank the white
making me sleepy
"well, now we have a pee-cup at least"
XD
Shizuka >.<
Bye
Hi everyone!
You guys.. Frank was important, that scene indicated that for you.
Lol
ded
Shizuka: That means he'll blend in nicely with the snowstorm
Slender_Pony: Well, Jake Gyllenhal is in this movie.
Dem pyros
so he will be Frank the Snowman?
if you have to go, you have to go
13i'm pretty sure the NYPL doesn't actually have a gutenberg bible, just a reproduction
BIBLE IS REASON!?
And he'll defeat the ice age Shizuka.
the age of reason
13all the actual copies are in museums i think
oh the irony
derpy advice #16 printing books back then mustve taken a long time
and he saves the bible...
GOD WON'T HELP YOU NOW!
13have to give the gutenberg bible credit that it's the first mass printed work
he saves the jesus
what about the other sick kids?
Shizuka If it's the only piece of work being saved
flutterchu: thats more of a fact
13great now the aliens are here to abduct them
here comes the bandit
Snow: whatever
13Deadlypon3: but remember, they saved nietzche too!
And then copyright came.
nvm
Go to the light
you save the bible argueably the thing that started religion that have caused so many wars due to differences in them GREAT FUCKIN JOB
Oh good, the cancer patient won't die. OH WAIT.
CANCER KID LIVES
Shizuka Neitzche is grat :O
then aliens
Guys come on. Its totaly reason in bible. like for daughters to get their dad drunk so they can have sex :P
It's always Aliens
13welp she has the plague
name: for about a month.
13toss her out before the rest of you contract it
i think they just said "how bout we add a kid with cancer just incase the viewers dont cry"
:'(
OH GOODIE THE KID WE HAVE NO CLUE WHO IS WHY HE EXIST AND OTHER SHIT LIVES WHOPPIE FUCKIN DOOO DAAA
at least he lived it well
Kid lives to die off cancer another day ^^
She ded, bro
GET AWAY FROM HER!
the dumbass didnt clean her wound
13NEEEEEERDLOOOOOOVE
thats funny cause its true
NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERD
6No..
/me kicks Quick_Thinker out of the moon into the sun
Well its a good day to die People...
Shizuka: Actually the Pierpont Morgan Library in NYC has a copy of the Gutenberg Bible in its collection
She's contracted the D-Virus. It's like the T-Virus only dumber.
13she should have learned to DOOOOOOOOODGE
why am i not playing black mesa yet
like picolo said: NEEEEEEEEEEEEEERD
Hey guys.
hey Fillyfillyy
never ruin the sad moment
Shizuka: ....PFFT
SHES A GINGER DAMMIT SHE WILL BE FINE!!!
Hi Fillyfillyy! I love you!
name the sun is awesome i'll never freeze :D
man, this movie can be so cold
http://www.intarnet.us/graphics/ogre.jpg
@shizuka: true dat
EVER
/me hugs pikorar 'I love you too'
gingers have no souls
/me is angry Tumblr won't load for him anymore.
You guys should fuck to keep warm.
I snow that was a bad joke, I appologize
hey guys i just made the moon livable
/me hugs Ryunosuke
RainbowAsh: Waste of warmth and energy
13congrats what's your name, he joined the decathlon team just to stalk you
it has an atmosphere now
and the NY Public Library has 2 imperfect copies
/me shoots the moon
The tension here could freeze anyone
13now you will die of a leg infection knowing that
13well done humanity
aw poor name
/me has a barrier around the moon
So let's start the stopwatch and see how long before she dies
http://i.imgur.com/4xEuq.gif
HA EAT CRAP
well the sexual tension Zamer
im alive
That guy would later go on to play a gay cowboy. Sad.
To the people who are whining about preserving the bible, Before the Gutenburg press was invented and the Bible became mass produced, priests were the only people who had access to the scriptures and were trusted blindly to be teaching accurately. And there was nothing to keep them honest.
and then they fucked in their clothes because fuck it was still cold.
13previously on the west wing
/me keeps shooting
...
PRESIDENT WILL LIVE
Feck the rest of USA
:P
derpy advice #17 healing bad cuts means that it's 10 times youre chance to die so please bring medacine wherever you go
and military is here to... Fight
13BOOMER WILL LIVE
/me holds barrier with magic
SAVE THE CHINA
at least he waited first time i've ever seen that in a disaster movie
/me shoots even more
El FEMA.
k just wondering
so they haven't rioted and killed the president in a global crisis?
/me makes a larger barrier
13they've being held at a FEMA camp maaaaan, i've been saying it for years!
13it's a conspiracy maaaan!
Snow and name, stop RPing.
k
Shizuka: it's El FEMA, the Mexican FEMA.
and the moon is still alive
DUN DUN DUN
13we have to bomb the rubble
vicepresident is so happy
yeah bitch I'm president now!
Hey guys, how is it going?
I vote we bomb the sun
She has boogie fever!
USA is screwed now.
THE FOLLY OF MAN HAS WROUGHT NAUGHT BUT SUFFERING.
GUESS THAT MEANS IM THE PRESIDENT MOW YAYYYYYY
I VOTE PIN TO BE ELIMINATED
13random librarian diagnoses illnesses perfectly
and no love for me ;_;
IT'S HER LEG YOU SHIT STAINS
Web MD: The Book.
Shizuka: Common sense
Shizuka: She's Twilight Sparkle, obviously
Furthermore, Quick_Thinker, very few wars were caused by the Bible. If any holy book could be blamed for perpetually causing wars, it's the Quran. But the largest human-caused mass casualty events were done by people who hold no higher power besides themselves.
OH god
i vote WE NUKE THE PLANET that will say FUCK YOU GLOBAL WARMING WE'll WARM YOU
boom
13welp, have to amptutate
The Dummies Guide to Medical Injuries
Take the leg off.
bunch of retards
Lol
6¨Π
Hobo has seen some shit.
13or
6* :P
^
liste to the hobo
thanks hobo
just like my previous derpy advice
amputation!
13the blood of a virgin goat?
listen*
she nded
Hobo knows what he's talking about :)
cut it of and make it into a nice stew
or... HYDROGEN PEROXIDE!
13tears from a vice president?
thats bad
13WHAT?
aw man i miss the part where they all get killed by water benders
Hobo's are smarter than most polictians!
Hobo is God in disguise
13and who keeps banging on the dumpster?
Or Satellite!
SAY IT
speaks for itself
Shizuka: A phoenix Down
she dies
and then: the ISS freezes
or... (in older books) BURN THE WITCH
amputation
Shizuka: Well they've got a room full of virgins to choose from.
Shizu: The hobo, who else?
there goes the space station
thats earth? :O
Sea of Concrete
Nittany_Discord: More like Bunt, Sunt and Cu...I forgot the last name
BOOBIES
I knew it, the satalites have brought this on us! :O
:o
Earth is turning into an ice-cream cone, and that's the vanilla swirl on top.
needs sprinkles
yummi
TA TA TAAAAAAAAM
13it's about 24" sir, we ordered from dell last week
There's only one thing to do. Men. Prepare your spoons.
brb
Cop guy still there?
:p
Tonight we dine ON EARTH.
MAN DOWN
Hey yall hows it going?
When they come back they'll be like: "You MANIACS, you blew it up!"
Jaaasooon!
JAAAAAAAAASOn
13while that happens, shizu and her friend make their way to school on a typical minnesota day
JAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAason
JASSON!
Hi Moopy! It's gon' great! I love you!
pikorar, YEAH!
hobo knows what to do
i love you to
Why did you bring a serial murderer with you
Press X to saw off infected leg.
SirGanjalf: K
13>breaks chairs to make snowshoes
13>doesn't burn them
Well, I'm gonna go now. byee
Oh, for a minute I thought they had actually figured out that wood burns
dont ask me why, but even when its so intense im still sleepy
flutterchu: not "k", "X"
did we already seen this like yesterday?
lol whats that?
Shizuka: Shhhhh you're disturbing the logic
NOW they burn the wood
silly RainbowAsh everyone knows wood doesn't burn
13why not hole up in the main hall, set all the tables on fire
insert a team music
SirGanjalf: ..............K TuT
Shizuka: Need seats.
You have my bow.
we are all going and 1 is going to die and the other badly injured!
Why would they all go? Just upping the chance that someone dies...
:3
13bonfire grade heat as opposed to widdle fireplace heat
well, good to know the only female character with any sort of intelligence or purpose in this film is now comatose and must be saved by her three straping young beaus.
13hey look it's that one level of half life
wolves
:)
dem wolves
Shizuka, what would you do about the smoke?
<3 wolves
Wow. The wolves survived the flood.
Wolves ain't too people attacking tpe
ahh now i see where this is going
so who got the killstreak to brin in the dogs
ofcourse the wolves...
13most of the windows broke from the flood
Light a fire, and a man will be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he will be warm for the rest of his life.
ice age means that i
The Timber Wolves are howling!
<_<
Shizuka: Or burn down the pine forests of Canada, to warm the north up a tad... :S
13otherwise they have heavy tables and tax law to break the windows
Wouldn't wolves freeze to death?
suddenly wolves
6Fail of a :P in Greek :P
Does anyone else think those wolves look like CGI?
not just any wolves... Direwolves!
who locks the medical supplies?
:P
Worg.
wolves can survive in the cold much better then hunans can
6I had forgotten to switch to English :P
nah Kand
WHY DOES EVERYTHING HAVE AN OBSTICLE
How's a direwolf different?
lol
thsi
Timberwolves
they are totally puppets
Still
humans*
this is so cliche*
Kandarihu: Not at all>_>
13those wacky russians
13invading new york again
Why dont they just take all the medicine???
HA
dur
Most of that stuff is probably vodka.
lol
looks like a level in a video game he even had to solve a puzzle to get to his goal
Lol Shizuka.
13penicillin? vodka
:D
13ibuprofen? vodka
xD
is this the library?
Lmao
13acetaminophen? vodka
Ra Ra rasputin, Lover of the Russian Queen.
Shizuka: Vodka? Vodka?
What if Laura is allergic to penicilin?
here comes the wolves
13vodka? twelve year old scotch DUHH
omg those wolves suck...
inb4 black kid dies
Shizuka: I'm actually allergic to acetaminophen
In Homer's voice: "Penicilinum"? WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
Darkts3|Trader|MLG2, maybe another band of survivors might need other medical supplies.
Doesn't matter. It's vodka anyway.
ppft
Would it really have been that hard to get actal wolves for the fil?
We dont have time - we wont have time anyways when we starve
Nittany_Discord: Then they're going to eat well that night.
Kandarihu: lol what others, silly
THIS IS NOT GRANDMAS HOUSE D:
oh my god the russians turned into wolves
13SNAUSAGES!
RABIES
HES DEAD
oh hi CGI
The cut has been doubled!
beating up them wolves!
Lol
13well done, traded blood poisoning for rabies
And -1 Survivor
Lol
Kill the wolves for food
Shizuka: poor some penecilin on it.
MY LEG!
they will need more medicine
13YOU ARE DEAD but your friends can still escape
Darkts3|Trader|MLG2, you never know. Maybe a bunch of people hiding out in a sports stadium, surviving on hot dogs.
Tank!
I love this Hypothesis...
10 degrees per second...
"We're gonna need a bigger vodka - I mean penicillin bottle."
10 degrees per second. SCIENCE
thhat line up
Oops, zat vas not medicine!
Space Cold drawn into Earth Atmosphere.
>10 degrees per second
use the vodka
Good thing he's Indestructible!!!!
>bull.
13outrun the cold ball!
>shit.
Oh, please let the space station freeze when it flies over the eye! That woud be hilarious!
I can see my house!
*grabs bat*
Isn't the eye the safest part?
.... they are so dead
What is this?
10 billion degrees a second
not in this case
Meanwhile: NO
the eye is the worst part
Meanwhile, from the wind, yes. Not the cold
Shizuka: it's like the murderous wind in The Happening
13why are you whispering? the wolves already know you're in there... are you afraid they'll learn your plan?
they are replaying this 0.0
It's over 9000 Kelvin below zero
Except this movie neglects adiabatic processes that are important for weather.
this is ny where the wolves come from
lol Shizuka
Fair enough.
he should have just ran back to the library and left them
xDDD
ofcourse they are shizuka wolves can talk ya know...
Like how air rapidly /heats/ up as it descends.
i think the eye is literally drawning the cold from space if so DAMN
13SAM HAS ALERTED THE HORDE!
dumbass
how did the wolves suvive?
assasin style
they be Narnian wolves
Meanwhile: if the eye wall is the worst, what makes you think the eye itself is the safest?
awww he ded
i think im gonna sleep, cant seem to keep my eyes open.
go modern ezio
it would be amazing if i could have pizza soon :P
timberwolves...
PillowPoni|Phone: I dunno what you just said.
13curse our lack of opposable thumbs!
Night Snow. Sleep well
Aww :( I feel sorry for that wolf now.
poor wolf:(
i dont
ALL HE WANTED WAS YOUR FLESH
blap
13>zillion degrees below zero
Did someone use defog?
Wolves turned into people...
It's a TRAP
13>climbing a METAL ladder with BARE HANDS
*smiles like rocky*
13this movie
13so much
SURRISE
What're we watching?
Meanwhile: Eye wall=most dangerous part. Eye=calm but just as bad as the eye wall
DAT REACTION
"All we wanna do is eat your flesh. We're not unreasonable, I mean no one's gonna eat your eyes"
day after tomaro
Guys I gotta go
CLICK
tsunamy in NY?
Mmmm, Wendy's
:O WENDY'S
The Day after Tomorrow
work is calling, take care all!
Bai otakon
based on true events
ded
FOOD
13quick! raid the frosties!
Run, it's a flag
Those are some low clouds.
OH FUCK
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAACE COOOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD
Wendy's frozen burgers
Giant Anus
eadvertisement fail
so wait that means hes actually pretty close to sam now right
I hate frosties.
gnight everypony
DAT HEAT SUCTION
NOT THE WENDIES
SO MUCH
Ruuuuuun, ruuuuun, i'm coming for you!
13uh oh, hillary clinton is in town
GOD HAD AN ICEE FOR LUNCH
so much for survival
AND IT'S DISAGREEING WITH HIM.
Shizuka: LOL!
so wait that means hes actually pretty close to sam now right
so what won the lottery
Run like the wind
Shizuka: Oh my god, hahaha
yes, temprature drops, upside down, one building at the time
13outrun the cold!
/me sends down lazahs
if the same thing is happen to him and sam then they must be waht only a few miles form the city
13DAMMIT EVERYONE STOP CHEWING DENTYNE ICE
Time to chill out.
this scene is legit pretty cool
LOL THIS MAKES SENSE K?
Is this even possible in nature?
Why was that guy thrown ragdoll down the exhast hatch?
have fun with the war against the ice kingdom
Santa got tired of living on a small patch of land
inb4 froyen flag
Hey look Windys
Tassadork, besides being absolutely ridiculous
Eye of the storm
reminds me of the south park scene
...BULLSHIT.
anybody here seen war planets? the ice planet nanites?
id stand in the middle of a free place and do a cool pose for the afterworld
Lol
Well, I guess they're some cool guys.
Suspenseful icing!
BULLLLLLLSHIT
Close the doors! You'll stop the cold!
SHULL BIT
The whine of the ice makes me think the storm is jetcharged or something.
The flag freezing... apparently it was wet
:)
13yes close the door, that will keep temperature away
Close ALL the doors
congratulations, you survived long enough to drop in the pit - now fix that hole in the roof
THE DOOR WILL STOP THE COLD
Santa has earned the achievement: Territory Expansion
:D
spoiler, tempature moves ahead of the ice
you think closing a door will save you
Sure will Shizuka.
Lol how does this stop the cold again?
THE DAY BEFORE THE DAY AFTER TOMMOROW..... THAT TODAY OH MY GODDDDDDd
YES. DOORS WILL KEEP THE COLD OUT.
Meanwhile: They're totally chill *is shot*
Brace yourselves.
Seriously?
It froze over twice
even the stream forze
13and then the fire went out and they all died
13the end
froze
MOAR BOOKS
Don't let Twilight know
BOOKS FOR THE BOOK GOD
13JULY 4
SCOOTER WILL LIVE
Twilight does not aprove :(
13wait
Burn ALL the books!
fire vs ie, the oldest debate
:): NOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Attention: Library systems are now under ice command.
Don't spoil the ending for me :(
good night everypony
And then Twilight cried :(
Stay frosty.
best camping spot ever
ask rocky http://images3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120701231546/battlefordreamisland/images/0/05/Rocky_BFDIA_Intro.png
and this kids is why this movie SUCKS ENTERAL ASS
13we now rejoin the episode of ice truckers already in progress
bye Maid_RainBow
movies over, they all ded
Wait... where is that?
where the fuck the tent come from
lah
woow
13little mini grease fires keep you safe from negative ten thousand degrees
Zamer, they were carrying one with them
oh
Lol
never saw it
-100 f
No biggie
iirc
That guy is trying too hard to be Harrison Ford.
Negative Shizuka.
....
okay, what happened?
They froze to death
Aw, what
6^^
00,02Shizuka, is 'day after tomorow' on?
13yup
13i might riff later
Seriously, what are they going to do when they get there?
Santa expanded his territory and we got 2 current survivors
Hey Phase4
6I gtg..see you tomorrow ^^
So they're going to walke FORTY MILES by the end of the movie... how long would that actually take?
Funfact: One More Day is a terrible fucking spider-man comi.
00,02that movie had problems
The meteorologically-impossible eye of the storm froze everything over.
so its like what -500c and yet a little itty bitty fire saves you YET IN MOST ARTIC AREAS A FIRE CAN NOT SAVE YOU
sadly they are men and cannot repopulate the Earth
:O
00,02Nittany_Discord, BUT SPACE TORNADOES
What part of the movie you guys on?
Quick_Thinker: No
Dat icestache
:'( WHY ICE NATION WHY
humicle
Quick_Thinker: -247 C
There were no space tornadoes in this movie.
the cop guy
Or 274*
they ded
The cold part.
oh the police man
damn you cop
13they need to chill
Lol
yeah movie we dont give a fuck about those characters SET UP a REASON to care
those guys are staying frosty
Shizu is now Arnold.
/me is waiting for white walkers
Brokeback Mountain Artic version
Shizuka: yeah, they're getting too...hot under the collar
13that's cold meanwhile, that's cold :<
I used to have a flag. But then the Ice Nation attacked.
then again, they would have ran out of supplies at the library a long ago if they stayed.
Is this where "But that all changed when the Ice Nation attacked" would be appropriate?
Well clearly, it's a nice and cozy seventy degrees ... KELVIN
they didnt Brrrrring the proper equipment
13you think sam is a mistake?
XD
OH SHUT UP YOU PREAHY AS FUCK MOVIE
13that explains a lot about your relationship with him
"Ice King attacks" is more like it.
PillowPoni|Phone, that time has come and gone
"I love you#"
Lol Cypresswolf.
13he promised to take him to wendy's
Icy what you mean Shizu.
"or die trying"
Cypresswolf: you forgeot the best one...
RainbowAsh: I thought it was still going on
but wendys is closed
Cypresswolf: Independence Day
...
so man kind lives another day
RAWRity: Yesh! :)
Weather's over.
snow what? these ice jokes arent watered down at least
I was thinking of having a marathon of all the movies that were shot in the fields of New Zealand.
13>confirms by looking at europe
13wut
I guess nature decided to fuck off FOR NO REASON
And everyone wants to know where was Phin and Jake when the Ice King took over
Lol!!
Shizuka: Houston
OH the timing of joining
frozen spain is frozen
NASa logic FTW
Bastards in the space station were safe all along...
shouldn't some of the ocean be freezing?
13/)astronauts(\
xDDDDDDDDDD
wat?
@shizuka: i saw itali, they where flying over europe
btw, hi all
europe kicked the stormes ass
CK|Catnap: Much like it started, eh?
/me prepares rocket to go back to eart
...holy balls the sun
earth*
Iwa: I was waiting for them to freeze because of the storm. That would have fit right in
red: hahaha :D
PRAISE THE SUN
ohai :)
how are things FlutterMEDIC
Red: With the italian shoe.
Well, damn
alexxm: gud
the buck
13might as well get it out of the way
suddenly alaska
13YOU MANIACS
13YOU BLEW IT UP
Well, the temps are restores in their weird way.
SYYYYMBOOOLIIIISM
did I miss the first movie?
:O
13DAMN YOU ALL TO HELL
Hey im from alaska guys
YOU MANIACS! YOU FROZE IT OVER!
Squallken: yes
Told you
"You MANIACS! You blew it up!"
ok thnx
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ITS STILL THERE
RainbowAsh: Indeed, seeing this movie already surpassed plenty of physics rules :)
Pretty sure this is symbolism, but I have no idea what of.
And the second one...
13IT WAS HOTH ALL ALONG
i wonder
French Staturing modules = WORKS
The roblem is... how were the continets so well visible, since the sea and land shuld have been frozen pretty much equally?
hey everyone
DAMN YOU NATURE
fight club
you dam dirty apes
spaceballs, oh shit, there goes the planet
Thats europe
Don't you ever make fun of alaska
Am I the only one that liked this movie despite its problems?
I liked it too
it was okay
Nittany_Discord: Weather NERD :P
I kinda liked it
I gave this movie the cold shoulder when it came out.
nah, it's a good movie if you don't take it seriously
i didnt like
Nah I also kinda liked it
Nittany_Discord: I enjoyed it, but mostly for tearing it apart.
not the best, but enjoyable
Nittany_Discord: I like the NY parts
My first time watching it. It was meh
Nittany_Discord: nope.
i somewhat loved it
Nittany_Discord, I don't mind the problems, I just find this film bit too long.
time to start diggin
Vordox: Part of why I like it.
okay, no one can say the title of the first move STILL :D
notbad
Nittany_Discord: I enjoyed it, but yeah
The library just disappeared?
>oh shit
ALL THIS RIPPING by everyone makes it more enjoyable :D
>there's more than one library in NYC
...
SHH dont tell them the clouds will freeze and fall thus there would be no storm
So they traveled forty miles in...what, twelve minutes?
magic shoes
And then they did it
Eeyup
why take off snowshoes?
13through a window down a pile of rubble into a big hall
Legend of Zelda: Ice Temple
Mozdoc, yes.
13call me crazy but for some reason it reminded me of morrowind tribunal
Im just saying im from alaska so please do not make fun of alaska cause thats were im from dude so yeah
Mozdoc, not even exhausted.
13the first time you go into that ruin under mournhold
Iwa: at least its not the water temple
Shizuka: Needs more assassins
...
Did they break the sound barrier or land speed record while doing so? Because that's IMPRESSIVE!
Snow: You...you had to remind me... Damnit :P
the hoboo lives
Shizuka: Dammit, i need to finish Morrowind already:D
Moopy: but we will make fun of Palin
you can never "finish" morrowind
good
i have oblivion and skyrim
they go in and they are all in t-shirts and shorts
I just completed the Bloodmoon so far.
name, can't get rid of dem Hobos
wat was that sound?
13it's harrison ford!
...now what?
what will happen later on?
they leveled up
INDY ANA FREAKIN JONES
Quest Completed
some NPC's are noticing new layers
Now you can starve/freeze to death together.
anypony know the name of the fifth :song of ice and fire: book series
What about the dog!
13it's bono here to save teh day!
fight club
El Embassy.
Mexico!
13bono!
WOOOOOOO THEY MADE IT
Viva la Mexico!
Wasn't the mexican border snow-covered as well?
^^
mexico then became a world ssuperpower
13president mick lamey
:O
FlGHT CLUB
cratorkid: A Dance With Dragons
A whole eight survivors, victory!
'MURICO
he wanted them all dead
Even as the president he's still a dick
VICTORY
What president is that?
Gee don't sound enthusiastic or anything.
Scoots just advertised Bronystate! :)
13the weather channel, your trusted source of news?
RAWRity: thnx! gonna pick it up today
13SPELL OUT THE MOVIE'S MESSAGE FOR US!
Morality speech time...
The Weather News Channel!
Again I feel this movie wants to tell me something. I still don't know what, though
PREACHY AS FUCK MOVIE GO
GLOBAL WARMIN OH NOOOESS
/me lands back on earth in calgary
What president is this?
im back evrybody
the main thing i dont like is the shitty moral that they shoved into the movie
What are we watching?
FlGHT CLUB
funny that cratorkid mentions ASoIaF. You see, the 7th book in the series is called, get this: The Winds of Winter
I'm calling bullshit on your message, movie.
name: my dad's birthplace!
I find it funny how global warming will lead to global cooling
Let's burn up the rest of the fossil fuels!
You explain that it's human's fault that nature decided to make a super storm? BULLSHIT.
Its Mexico. they are atleast 2nd world
it's technically called climate change
FlutterMEDIC: i live in calgary
Also, they should have totally harvested that wind from the superstorms.
DocMeticulous: It's funny because that's the most probablr part of the movie
So now they all go green and heal the world ....causeing everything to shift back just as catastrophic again ?
DocMeticulous: That's actually a real scientific theory. How accurate it is, well...
and then the governments of the world rationed all the world's resources so that disaster would never be repeated
Wait a minute. How is this about consuming natural resources? This ice age was caused by splitting the North Pole in half.
and cancer kid somehow lives.
FUCK YOU PETER WE DONT CARE FOR YOU USELESS ASS CHARACTER
:O
TrixieMuffin, that would be hilarious
What movie is this?
The Day After Tomorrow Joy
but now i realy gotta go
later
*probable
Cypresswolf, and that's how they formed a brutal global governance that crushes human freedom forever.
Theoritically, the Global warming leading to new Ice Age IS the most factual part of this movie.
bye Snow
they lice
Mr. Freeze gets his revenge on the world.
How can you even see that
live*
bye Snow
Cya snow ^^
stream is gone
bai sn
snow*
Wirisme, fine here
Cya Snow
you need to refesh buddy
ok it's back again
jon snow
I refreshed like 10 times
but It's back now
hobo and the dog are best survivers
They are gonna need a LOT of rock salt to clear those streets.
did the snow freeze the movie?
And Canada makes a massive landgrab
Wirisme: no problems with me :P
PONY, theoretically is the key word.
:)
giddy snirks
those cg buildings have no roof access O_o
How strange
smirks *
what would have made this movie better would have been if there had been the others invading as well
so we they live
Good morning BronyState. :)
And then in the background, the mothership from Independance Day.
hello AdamTheDuck
PONY, communism actually working is also a theory.
The space station is pretty high up.
morning AdamTheDuck
SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
hi AdamTheDuck
OH YEAH S CLEAR BUT MILLIONS NOT BILLIONS DIED
and florida survives
so beutiful
hello AdamTheDuck
I'm picking up some kind of environmental message from this movie
That's right, folks, the storm magically cleaned up ALL of the pollution in the world.
ALL OF IT
Hello AdamTheDuck
The astronaughts were in the best spot
hai AdamTheDuck
weeping_pegasi82, wake up. The movie is over
And I just make in time for the credits :D
lol
Hi guys
Caramel wake up
you know what would have made this film better? nick cage.
The astronauts missed all of the fun.
Hello SpadeMagnes[R]
FUCK THIS MOVIE IM PLAYING BLACK MESA
SpadeMagnes[R]: hi
Just playing wow right now
you know
moral of the story: kill millions of people to make the air clear
IM OUT
bleh...I cant spell :P
:'( so beutiful
Caramel you awake?
hi SpadeMagnes[R] :)
hi SpadeMagnes[R]
bye guys :)
with all that ice, there would be more land opened up
0 Kelvin/10
yay~
bonjour.
cya cratorkid
how are things SpadeMagnes[R]
hi SpadeMagnes[R]
bye cratorkid
Bye crator ^^
bai cratorkid
Bye cratorkid
red: That plan would actually succeed:D
bye cratorkid :P
Moral of the story: If nature creates a freak storm that wipes out existence, it was clearly the fault of those EEEEEEVIL human beings.
Wolves are listening to your plans/10
Bye cratorkid
Still better than Fight Club.
red, lol
I fell asleep/10
/me hugs FlutterMEDIC thelonepony name PillowPoni|Phone Axel_Dash AdamTheDuck
bye cratorkid
13http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=96240401
teatime with nightmaremoon/10
I missed the entire movie/10
hugs AJIsAwesome
/me hugs cratorkid
CK|Catnip: EVIL?
^^
13oh hey they're playing the vice president's theme now
Let's kick some ICE/10
hugs cratorkid
Shizuka: I just don't know what went wrong...
FREEDOM CAUSES WORLD-ENDING CATACLYSMS/10
XD
ehh,
ohai Shizuka!
There were surprisingly few puns tonight.
ICE/10, that is all
statue of liberty/10
even the credits are boring...
Kandarihu, if the tempature keeps raising the current rate, the ice will melt at the poles. This could cause a scenario leading to new Ice Age out of several different theoritical reasons.
10/10
the cataclysm needed more Deathwing
You turning into Scoots Shizu?
10/Ice! wait...
did someone say puns? "Stay cool."
Kandarihu, the keyword is several.
:)
13i meant RUSSIA/10
Knowledge is power, Power is corruption, Corruption is madness, Madness causes chaos, to prevent chaos we burned the books.
This movie is the best argument against reducing emissions I have ever heard.
PONY: Yeah, but no way it happens nearly as fast as in this movie
The astronauts aboard the space station during the crisis were stranded up there for 4 years while the remnents of NASA rebuild the shuttle damaged with the extreme freeze
Vodka/10
Murico/10
SirGanjalf, nope.
hai, did i just miss the movie night?
more like stay frosty
Alchemist: nope
hmm
yup Alchemist
13Cypresswolf: but by the time they were ready, NASA's funding was cut and the space shuttles were grounded
It was just a normal winter for Russia
Cypresswolf, has a point
Alchemist nope >_>
NASA, ESA, and JSA are all.... aout of commission
Welp back to WoW
SirGanjalf, but changing from raising, to decreasing current will take also a long time.
13murmur murmur washing machine
and the Russian space program only suffered a slight delay
it was warmer in canada
Shizuka: Dammit Obama! :p
i thought the movie night was from 20 pm GMT 1 till about 24 pm-1 am
that was because they had to brew a new batch of vodka
I think such a freeze would be the polar opposite of an EMP - nothing would work unless you make all new parts
Woah, it's 1 am already?
but florida and texas didnt freeze so the shuttles would have been fien
by 10 degrees celcious
yeah why did bronystate fuck up the timing on euro movie night?
The Russian Space Station Mir was destroyed after Bruce Willis saved the planet from a massive asteroid.
*EMP - Electro Magnetic Pulse
*yawn*
I need to go. :(
Bye Joy
bye Joy
Bye Joy ^^
bai Joy
anyways, been to the movies, saw resident evil retribution, had a great laugh. soooo terrible :D
lets get to Euro movie night dammit
13JT: we always air at this time on saturdays, it's just past shizu was sleepy and entered friday's time for saturday
The point is, nature will always find a way to survive. No matter what we do, we are just fucking ourselves in the ass, making this planet inhabitable for future generations.
i think this was euro movie night
Oh ^^
The best action to be taken for that, dont have kids.
I must go, my people need me *swoosh*
BRB. Restarting laptop.
bye DocMeticulous ^^
you should rest shizu :3
so they wouldn't need to face the shit we leave for them, and we have a better chance not to cause some serious over population issues.
13i enter countdown timers a month in advance
...
13i love people that think we're overpopulated, it's as though they've never seen a map of the world
so many people worked on this movie what a shame
Hey, Phase4. Did something happen to the MvM server? Its no longer in my favorites. o:
wait/...
well, we're at 7 billion people
i just saw someone on the credits called thomas wanker...
If not then whats the name of it?
we can house up to 14 billion
Some places could use some culling
its not so much overpopulation, its that the population is not evenly distributed
PONY, the only way we're screwing ourselves is by trying to force each other into unworkable constraints over a panic that somehow we're totally breaking the planet just by having a standard of living, and the world is going to end unless we all go to the stoneage.
before things get overcrowding
FaithHeart: yes and the curve is getting flat, its going to stabilize in a few years
PONY, that's about as cynical as saying that you shouldn't live too healthy so you don't have to worry about pension.
13nyx.ariscop.net or applebloom.ariscop.net or spitfire.ariscop.net
well some countries are overpopulated,
that's good to hear, Alchemist
13one or more of them should be a server, but the browser can be a bit finicky with it for some reason now
I am sure you could fit more than a few contenents in the outback and no one would have a proplem with crowding :0
Oh, ty Shizuka :)
well
name: many western countries actually have a decreasing population.
13if all three are down it's probably phase's provider being a fail again
maybe the aborigines
hey guys what movies next week
Well, movies are done so I might join you on one of those Rave.
Is Caramel still streaming?
Ryunosuke, crowding is not the issue. Getting them fed is.
Alchemist: in the east its getting too crowded
13you could fit every human on earth into san francisco last i heard
00,02Shizuka, yeah, provider is being fail
Metro 2033 is $3 right now :O
13oops
I guess he is. The ding is Caramel's ping, right?
wakey wakey Caramel
name: japan is one the decreasing population countries
Shizuka: still wouldnt be comfortable :P
00,02dat colour
san fransisco itself or the bay area
13course not
Shizuka: I suspect that would be standing room only, though.
I guess so.
whaat movies won the lottery
Alchemist: well most of the countries
13but we have a long LONG way to go before we're overpopulated
SeaponiesofLiverpool, Galaxy Quest and Space Jam
true
Shizuka, take a moment to study how we multiply, and what is the doubling rate.
:O YEAH SPACE JAM
Galaxy Quest A movie?
yay Space Jam
if we were in the episode of the Sliders then I could see us all in San Francisco
Ponies now?
ಠ_ಠ
Ponified Sliders
no ponies :(
http://flowingdata.com/2011/07/27/if-the-world-lived-in-a-single-city/
So Deus Ex: Human Revolution is on sale. Yay or Nay on getting it?
good morning
The hell is Sliders?
nay
is Galaxy Quest the A movie?
hi DaringDerpy
So...if Caramel is asleep, does that mean no one else can stream either?
Caramel, it's pony time!
GW2 worth getting? :)
sup DaringDerpy
we need to stream Sliders
Caramel: wake up
ಠ_ಠ
it gets repetitive fast, oni_link
13http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Population_density.png yep the earth is overpopulated all right
SeaponiesofLiverpool, there was some arguing about that, but apparently it is
Its a good movie
I could do a livestream of Sliders i got the full series
Shizuka: Seems legit
Ryunosuke: I've been told it's bullshit lol
as Phase4 would say Deus Ex: HR get it NOW :<
ಠ_ಠ
but thats if people are willing
maybe both in limbo between A and B movie
Caramel, wake up!
Ah
Caramel: http://i.imgur.com/DXbud.jpg silly
DaringDerpy: Really? Thats a shame because the trailers made it look fun
black horse at midnight
Caramel stop snoring
if we increase the population by certain percent yearly, fter a certain time the population has been doubled, please take a note also how the ercents are increasing yearly, Shizuka, watch the link I sent you, it' interesting.
ಠ_ಠ
Caramel feel asleep again
feeding isnt an issue either, distribution is
PONIES
L_Y_R_A: dat face of dissaproval
Caramel
Shizuka, like I said, its not overpopulated, the density is not evenly distributed
yaaaay :(
then ponies
Sorry. Thanks
13eeyup
YAY PONIES
yay
Shizuka, it depends on how you define overpopulate. When it is about squeezing each other to death, then no, but that definition doesn't make any practical sense.
PONIES
oni_link: some people like it, some not so
finally
WHAT
hahaha
There you go
LOL
dat pictureಠ_ಠ
Lol
:D
dragonshy?
WAKE UP
fluttershy use the stare
alexxm, yes
Heh heh. I laughed at that picture.
dat picture surprised me
I need to buy more tickets, lol.
friendship fires
Fuck you angel
13the problem is logistics, but the air of alarmism about overpopulation seems to assume logistics can never be improved
ಠ_ಠ umm...
cough
and ya'll didnt even see the entirety of that pic
BY GRABTHAR's HAMMER, BY THE SONS OF WARVAN, YOU SHALL BE AVENGED
UGHAHAH
Angel is a jerk
uga
ಠ_ಠ DAT COUGH
If only a carrot was stuck in Angels throat...
MANCOUGH
Do you get an item even without a voucher?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
00,02RaveBrony, one item
inb4 fraaaance
ಠ_ಠ
Oh, alright.
"By Grabthar's hammer, by the suns of Warvan, you shall be avenged!
00,02each voucher is one aditional item
DOnt you guys do it.
i hate this song
ಠ_ಠ
FRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeendsssssssss!
Shizuka, I'll simply leave the debate for mathematicians and more intteligent personnel. Just check that lecture I sent you via PM for instance
I love this song
FRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANCE
Buy Grabthar's hammer, what a savings
L_Y_R_A, Y U GIVE FACE OF DISSAPROVAL?
FRIEEEEENDS
my ears
The fact Celestia doesnt send any guards in this episode pisses me off
ಠ_ಠ i dissaprove you
ಠ_ಠ
so you basically pay $1.99 for an additional item?
hi Lyra the Seapony
Dash ^^
hi
derpy
Last time I pinged the streamer, I got a timer to count how long I am behind. I'm about 6 seconds
Future ball bouncing record holder...
*item for everyone
For Ballons
inb4 Lyra's fame is born
/me sits in a corner because L_Y_R_A dissaproves
ಠ_ಠ
And Lyra's just swimming around like nothing's happening.
Pretty much, but they stack in games.
ouch
seaponies... ಠ_ಠ
Two people with tickets, two extra items. And so on.
all the balloons
colgate ^^
theres Lyra Seapony
dat firefox
blind ponies are blind
lol
Why hello there Firefox..
YEA DONT SEND ANY GUARDS TO HELP
Screw you celestia...
wow nobody cares when fluttershy talks
Hey that
oh snap!
Yeah. But i played a game where 3 people had vouchers. and i didnt even get a special item :D
they cant afford quards
ya, that irks me too
the rise of dovahshy
Yea...Celestia..you could...I dont know...help?
sea ponies...fuck them...i hate them... ಠ_ಠ
If Celestia knows what the dragon is doing, why isn't she doing something about it?
Twilight where is your proof that it's a dragon
what use are the guards if they cant take out a dragon
WHY NOT THE GUARDS
IM NOT A SEA PONY
yeah its just a peasant earth pony town, it cant afford guards
I think the only special item that dropped was for Phase. I think he got that tin/robot hat O.o
so I assume the Wonderbolts had failed already
Mozdoc: Because Trollestia
gaurds are just a waste of money
This is one of the episodes that makes me dislike celestia
well, they are consistent that they can't handle dragons
ಠ_ಠ
Exactly!
...
Because she doesnt do her fucking job
this one nor the grown up Spike
HA
but celestia can send a group of guards to help
2,14 this is for you L_Y_R_A
boooooo
wat?
OF DEAR
NOOOOOOOOOOOO
XD
Special items like that are just random chance all round I think.
Shoo be doo
XD
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
SEAPONIES
NO PLEASE NO
Seaponies.Yey.
What the heck?
:D
YES
/me throws a bottle
WHOAH
huh
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
hell yes!
:D
oh my gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
MEDIC
really guys really no
suddednly sea ponies
:D
THE HORROR
:D
MUTE BUTTON
/me yay
PLEASE STOP THIS PAIN
Seaponies.... from FINCINNATI
this confises me
PERFECT
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
L_Y_R_A: What have you DOOOOOOOOOONE!
STOP THE PAINNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
<3
Seaponies.... from FINCINNATI
These are the wrong Ponies...
hahahahahahahaha
ha i beat your methods :
hahaha!
sooobedoooooooooooo
What the?!
suddenly seaponies
thx for stream Sumica..... wait
Call upon IshBestPony when you're in distress
This song > this day aria
NO!!! GOD NO!!!
/me questions your sexual identity
NO PLEASE NOOOO
Sea ponies are best deus ex machina
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
this is this weeks pony episode
Caramel you arent Sumi.....
GET THIS SHIT OFF MY SCREEN
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOBEDOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Mhhm. But i just find vouchers useless now.
Once you complete a tour of every level on Mann up you get a special strange weapon, but the hats and accessories are just in the random pile per game. (I think)
FUCK MY LIFE
How to tell newfoals from the oldies: us older folks actually like this. :P
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
SUICIDE TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
lyra has a seapony fetish, YOU DON"T SAY?
L_Y_R_A? Is that you?
no cutiemarks, they serve no purpose
BYE BYE WORLD
needs moar gen 3.6 Caramel
I actually love this
:o
hey nit, you should really show the cmc lyra one :)
I'm a foal and I like this one :P
err caramel
*shoves a grenade down my throat*
Caramel, we're in the middle of an episode here
the poniator one
>_>
yay for shooooo be doooo
Bacon and apple jack
its bacon and applejak
Good god you people
UHHHRUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUUBUBUBUBUBU *head explodes*
It was great
dat AJ voice
it was grat
So you have to complete all levels Thats how you get a bot-wep
Who brings these baby ponies to the stream
Michael Jackson is a seapony
Aye.
I can't wait for sea ponies in MLP!
we need more sea ponies
HOLY SHIT L_Y_R_A shut up
back to the good stuff
omg finaly, unmute
yay hungary
he made a song called "Shoo be doo da day"
And now back to your regularly scheduled Ponies...
Complete them again, more bot-wep
this episode needs more seaponies
And so on.
A-team reference
So Celestia is....sends 6 MORTAL PONIES..ALONE TO FIGHT A GIANT DRAGON
Sweet.
Good job celestia..good job
Mad Pinkie Murdock
Welcome to the start of random appearing and disapearing saddle bags ^^
*sending
Eh, not really.
Seaponies have no Cutie Mark, hey serve no PURPOSE!
more like Molestia
Ive only completed 1 level.
=_(\
It's 6 tickets to complete a tour.
OH GOD, MORE SEAPONIES
TOO MANY OF THE FAGTARD VERSION OF ME
Malestia
HAHA THEYRE MULTIPLYING :D
Dat Lyra spam
Woah, no wonder the weps are so expensive.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
best fluttershy epidose
yay more g4 sea ponies
sealyra!
Hmm how many Lyra's can we fit on screen.
there only perpose in life is to shoo be dooo
too many sea lyras!
Caramel (ping) is trlling L_Y_R_A :3
All the Lyras:D
Chuck Norris ponies
So about 4 quid for a strange weapon with a robot head on it.
put more lyras!
the beatles were seaponies
Invisibilty scarf!
MOAR LYRAS
as was Madonna and Stevie Wonder
Death Mountian
I am never sure if RD is being sarcastic
I count 5 lyras
friendship is witchcraft ^^
All the floating ponies are distracting.
Which is twice the price of one key.
Needs moar Lyra.
they were from LIVERPOOL
we need more shoooo be doooo!!
shoo be doo
Yea.. dont listen to Fluttershy..at all
Damn
Plus i use Demoman.... and the bot wep is for his secondary....
never listen to fluttershy
so many lyras
Alpine Hue ?
...
Except bitchass Angel...
Awwww!
I thought Spikes legs were broken
so cute
awwwww fluttershy
If you're playing Demoman and not using his secondary you're playing him wrong.
XD
poor fluttershy
loyaltydash
:(: d'oh
but demopan
but, but... *squee*
adorable
I know.
butt butt
:P
Time to kill Volvagia
lol looks a lot like a team
dragonness is recessive
ahhhh~
But I don't constantly have the stickybomb launcher out.
SpadeMagnes[R]: hehehe
has anyone gotten the discord whooves desktop pony?
Its..its...its so....sexy
SpadeMagnes[R]: SMASH HIS FACE IN
LET'S USE THE LEGEND'S HAMMER AGAINST THE DRAGON, GOGO LINK
lol
whats that green tentacle on the screen?
TOO MANY OF THE FAGTARD VERSION OF ME
i have slendermane background
kelp
they define the rules of gravity
UHHHRUBUBUBUBUBUBUBUUBUBUBUBUBU *head explodes*
oh pinkie
How is Rarity the element of generosity again?
Pinkie is a Dragon
Care for a diamond?
DON YER MEGATON HAMMER!
Depends, either sticky trap something and lurk near it with the grenades out.
Even tho i should do to how much a suck with Demo's primary :D
Or engage with the stickies.
idk SpadeMagnes[R]
diamond is best pony
lol pinkie
like a boss
The new Smashtasm came out 55 seconds ago on youtube
she makes other people generous to her
dem eyes
so random
i can't handle these seaponien
Gilda is best gryphon ^^
Dragons are SRS BIZNIZ
there so damn cute!!
she's the only gryphon shown JT :P
Gilda is the only gryphon, that we know of...
Oh god damn it
Eeyup
IF YOU DO THE SEAPONY THING AGAIN IM GOING TO FUCKING KILL YOU
dargon use roar
fluttershy is paralyzed
Anyone here watch Smashtasm?
Thats why she's best
Axel_Dash, not true, there is a gryphon chef in mmmm
Caramel, that's your Cue
Cant RAINBOW JUST FLY HER UP
AppleShy
SHE CAN FLY
well he sucks
oh no
AGAIN
Again?
yes
NO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NO!!!!!!!!
NOOOOOOO
YES
SEAPONIES
NO
AJ is the awesome one
again?
YEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
YAY!
NOOOOOOOOOO
MORE SEAPONIES!!!
NOOOOO
:|
:D
Seaponies!!
OMGOMGOMG
HAHAhahaha
L_Y_R_A: stop with this
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Some rmixes!
Yey.
OH NO
yay seasponies!
NOOO NOT AGAIN
Yes
Axel_Dash: what about the cook in the mmmmmm episode?
:D
NOT AGAIN
SHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BE DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Meh. If i got a bot-wep I would just sell it. Id rather have the Demo beard or Liquor Locker
LOVE IT! HELL YES!
Lyra would you fucking shut up, they do this to annoy you
WE HATE YOU
Lyra
yay more ponies!
Caramel just trolling now
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
dat chat explosion
Then AJ fell in the watert
Will the streamer please pull their head out of their ass and just play the show?
water
Which gen was this?
huehuehuehuehue
Needs more sea ponies
cook episode? :o
NONONONONONOONONONONONONOONONONNONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONOONONONO
NOT AGAIN!!!
Death threats against the streamer: Now that's a paddlin'
Jt 1 gen
Caramel: can i make a request?
MORE SEA PONIES MAOR!!!!!
JT: Gen 1
Oh
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
STOP ITT
MUTE
:D Seapony Intermissions
/me glomps L_Y_R_A
L_Y_R_A: Would you shut the fuck up
/me MAN THE FUCK UP
Caramel <3
I might wanna see some G1 episodes then :P
JT: G1. Rescue from Midnight Castle.
L_Y_R_A, would you stop trying to troll the mods, they will win. EVERY. FUCKING. TIME.
:S
the hell? is the a LOT of new people or alot of random nick changes?
Caramel <3<3
Hey now, I'm new, and I love this.
shooo be doooooo
ty
Yay for G1
Caramel: newborn cuties? :3
Caramel <3<3<3
Axel_Dash: mystery on the ... express or something like that.
/me eye is melting
there*
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Caramel: g3.6
/me sings along
._.
needs more G1
Get the fuck out of here...
all sea pony lyras
5th rule of Bronystate: You DO NOT talk about seaponies.
inb4 L_Y_R_A is kicked
ಠ_ಠ
L_Y_R_A: Shut the fuck up.
JT: It really isn't that bad people make it...Though I grew up with it, which gives me a tad bit more tolerance :P
Needs more MLP Dutch opening.
L_Y_R_A: SHUT UP
Alchemist: hmmm still dunno D:
Needs more Sea Lyra
SirGanjalf: :D
ಠ_ಠ
We need g3.6 scootaloo for 10 minutes
im alive
i don't want to see my screen filled with U's
no mlp dutch please..
IT WAS GRATE
Why not?
shooo be dooooooo sho sho be dooooooooooooooo
PONY: stop it .
SHOOBIE DOO SHOO SHOOBIE DOO
Its so catchy! :D
PLAY HE-MAN!!!
Bacon and Applejack
<= otherwise this will happen
shoo be do
inb4 more seaponies
WHY ISNT RD FLYING HER UP
WHY
oni_link, what did I do?
SHOW ALL THE SEA LYRAS
TO MANY SEAPONIES ON SCRREN
350 days later
lol
Lickety Split best pony
Because Rainbow Dash is too stuck up.
Axel_Dash: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2298987/
PONY something sexy
several weeks later
The fucking obvious failures in logic piss me off
45 games in row, best to 71
Caramel: I think you should get to sleep, you're delusional.
where'd the crab come from?
PONY: G 3.6 scootaloo for 10 minutes
355 franek
NEVER AGAIN STOP TORTURING MY EARS IM WEARING BEATS SO ITS TO MOTHER FUCKING LOUD...my ears may never recover again T_T
RD could pick her up but nooo! AJ has to do it!
*35
And Applejack is the only one strong enough to haul another pony around.
:D
What a strange pony: The only winning move is not to play.
omg so much Lyra
Alchemist: oohhhh true true :P
Oh ffs stop complaining -.-
Mozdoc: Well, she is strong.
Caramel, U NO LIKE g3.6 scootaloo for 10 minutes?
L_Y_R_A: I thought I told you to stfu with the caps.
or you could, you knw, fly across
seapony lyra is soo cute
Why wont RD just fly her over
derp
fluttershy all you need to do is SHOOOOO BE DO SHOO SHOO BE DOOOO
I love pinkies songs
yeah go flutter shy
hopskipnjumphopskipnjumphopskipnjump
Mozdoc: except for Big Mac, who can move a FUCKING HOUSE
Derpy_Hooves: Because being logical is not good
u can do it!
lol
THANKS TWILIGHT
SpadeMagnes[R]: wha?
Orphan Pinkie was better
And Cheerilee smash doors
FlutterMEDIC but not a cake
And a trailer full of anvils, with the attached ox!
indeed derpy
dohohoho
the moral of the story: the respressed anger coward is worth the burden.
Mods cant do again, I sure they wont torture us, there is even no particular reason
Derpy_Hooves: Things would be too easy if we did things the logical way
xD
Abba XD
Abbalance
dovahshy
avalance!
Abbalanche
Again wrong Derpy
ABBALANCE
just joined and first thing i saw was a lot of lyras
inb4 hoofmouth
clopclopclop
SpadeMagnes[R]: I think youre tab failing :P
Abbalanche
ABBA-ANCHE!
ABBA LUNCH
need moar Lyar Seaponies
a horrible disaster
JT: there are two derpy's in here, i get pinged when "derpy" is spoken, please use our full names - o-
can you hear my SOS?
/me curls up in the corner crying and covering my ears and eyes so ill never see/hear those fucking ponies of the sea again
Why cant Fluttershy be quiet when she needs to?
And the world will collapse now, because of Fluttershy.
gg fluttershy
inb4 the Friendship is Witchcraft episode
inb4 L_Y_R_A is kicked
Its Abba
Oh sorry derpy_hooves
no because we dont see any seaponies expect from zilion around screen -_-
yeah fluttershy used the thu'um
What the fuck is Abba?
Tom used attack¨
2,14 rather sad that even after the very obvious kick, he still goes on about that
oh and abba reference
Go watch Friendship is Witchcraft
SpadeMagnes[R]: Swedish pop band
Spade<agmes[R] Swedish Euro-pop band
wow
SpadeMagnes[R]: A band
abba is awesome music group from 80s, i think 80s
what's abba? :o
ohh
lol
im not a guy...im a girl...
God damn it fluttershy you're usless
SpadeMagnes[R] - please - gooogle - before imminent face palm
music from good ole 70s
2,14 that's nice, now calm down
Axel U don't know money,money,money?
Axel_Dash: a swedish band
._.
L_Y_R_A: wrong, you're a pony
i think
need moar Lyra Seaponies
:P
You know, if in "The Mysterious Mare Do Well" they can just magically repair a dam, why not just reset all the rocks?
same thing jackass...
name: I see
Im pretty sure RD can just carry them over
I like how rainbow dash represents loyalty in this episode
I dont live in sweeden PONY so I dont fucking know
So when you need me darling can you hear me sos
:O
Mozdoc: because inconsistancies
Needs more G3.6 Scotaloo
:D
well most of europe knows abba
...why is there a crab on my screen?
*
...
Guards? where are you guards?
SpadeMagnes[R] They're popular worldwide though
^
rarity her face XD
rubber duck attack
She got nothing
Anyone? Please?...Celestia? Anyone?
L_Y_R_A: GIANT ENEMY CRAB
prepare the skyrim theme song
SpadeMagnes[R], was popular internationally, GOOGLE.
EXACTLY
DAT ass
oni_link: crab people
Pinkie is distracting in genral
crab people
PONY: Popular when
599 US DOLLAR
HEY MODS...QUE THE GIANT ENEMY CRAB REMIX THING
awww
*bleh*/hello everyone
SpadeMagnes[R] 80s to Present
In 70's, and 90's actually.
hi flutterchu
Derpy_Hooves: lol
so much head-butting
*70s to Present
hi flutterchu
dat Twilight: D:
you dont say fluttershy
Sort of like Michael Jackson I suppose.
Oh Chrysalis damn it Fluttershy you're scared of everything
oni_link: oh my god they are swimming, they're MERMEN, MEEEEEEERMEN
MERRRRRRRRMEN
SpadeMagnes[R] they sang Dancing Queen and Mama Mia and several other hits
hai flutterchu
...
Derpy_Hooves: nuuuuuuuuuuuuu lmao
oni_link: you get a cookie if you guess the refrence
so much lyra
dem adjectives
Val has Seapony Lyra without the bucket I see.
BECAUSE SHE"S STUPID
Dat nekkid
2,14 I also have sea filly lyra
needs moar Seapony Lyra
Fluttershy...ASSERT!
derpy advice #18 if spike is a dragon but doesnt have wings he could be a lizard but he breathes fire
SpadeMagnes[R]: don't be so rude :(
at least it isnt that terrifing ponies song thigy
bye
Caramel: DO EET
Knowin Fluttershy will save the day makes these parts worse to watch
Shooo be dooo shooo shooo be doo
caramel's asleep again
smaug
2,14 no I'm not?
Friends....
he will bite your head off
Caramel: really sea filly?
The desktop pony Caramel
Caramel: he mean the OC
He means the desktop pony.
Derpy_Hooves: Im sorry to say but im drawing a blank :/
Can't wait for seeing Smaug in "Hobbit" either.
Does this guy even have a canonical name?
josh jepson
dragonxtwi
Just Dragon, I imagine.
...
USE YOUR MAGIC
we call him Basil
I've heard Basil.
Smokey
Basil? from SK? xD
Though that might be the green dragon from Owl's Well.
So why is Celestia not negotiating with this dragon her self?
Red Magnet
the lyra's are a little distracting
smaug says no
Lyra sea ponies everwhere ...in a cave
nope
Nittany_Discord: no the green dragon is either Reginald or razorclaw
THUD. No, I will not find another place to sleep bitch!
SpadeMagnes[R]: Basil. It was fanon though, so no.
OK.
Rarity and dragon
Go get eaten you stupid marshmellow
so cute
I like Reginald.
too cute
drarity?
exists
or not
God damn it rarity
Hey Allegr0. Have you and Gigabit settled on a game to be featuring on tonight's podcast?
ohai Allegr0
LOL PINKIE
Pinkie XD
oh pinkie
party mode activate
what is tarnation
there's bomb in a box
balloon fight
Hai Allegr0
pinkies got a god damn plan
Poison lobsters.
lol
Mentally avanced series
TRY FUCKING MAGIC
Applejack2012: I love that game
Because: BUCK YOU, I'm Pinkie Pie!
What does Pinkie do?
How could Pinky Pie fail? She can break the fourth wal and delete the draon;s flash model
hey Kandarihu , giga had an emergency meeting for work, so I'm flying solo this time :P
And meanwhile, Applejack has done nothing.
me too oni
Derpy_Hooves: shes the whacky one
go rainbow!
oh its on
Why did dash kick fluttershy her father :O
Strike
strike!
STRIKE
AJ did not learn a thing
go dovahshy
Did Twilight just forget she had magic or something?
STRIKE!
go dovashy
*has a spaz attack*
applejack supported fluttershy
JT: XD
dammit
he silled lyras bucket
spilled*
Dragon uses smog!
Dovahshy
Allegr0 Yes... Emergency... Sure you're not trying to take over the Gigabank?
at least AJ supported Flutter
magic doesn't work on full grown dragons
DOVAHSHY ACTIVATE
But... There's one they fear...
dat ping
Applejack never got her chance to do something to the dragon, and she brought ALL those apples too!
We never tried AJ's plan.
LIKE A BAWSS
but the rainbow one kicked me
Allegr0, I see. So have you picked a game to feature tonight?
In their tongue it's Flutterkin
She could use magic to throw stuff at him
dovahkin cry your heart out
this is how we should troll :)
DRAGONSHY
AND SO CELESTIA DID NOTHING
DWR...you got me!
but that rainbiow one kicked me
*whine*
stomp her into the dust
her name is dovashy. DragonPony!
Nittany_Discord, AJ is the best backgound pony, here to carry their stuff, like a good mudpone :3
Kandarihu: I can't stream games, so there's not going to be a game tonight....but there will be pony news :)
thats trollestia for ya...
Hey all
Ranger Smith Flutter
hi Tiberium
dat pose
...
I am Detective Toast, none can escape my snooping.
Health hazard? Naaaaah, just assign some Pegasi to kicking the smoke away.
how are things Tiberium
dovahshy used the way of the voice
hi
I see. I was kind of hoping you'd be streaming Black Mesa Source
how many ponies are on the screen right now
good :D
and then he ate her
yu go dova
+1 to my reasons for disliking celestia
so many Lyras
and there was so much blood that we all slid down the mountain
WHY DIDNT THEY DO THAT BEFORE
how doeshe carry gold?
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
6 ponies.
What's with all the swimming horses?
LUNAR REVOLUTION
weeping_pegasi82: Not enough! :)
so true
...
Buytoast: SEAPONIES
Nex: magix
Ermagerd seafilly Lyra
Also why didnt you help at all
Seapony plague
/me Hnnnnnnnnng
Nex: Spike had a pocket in A dog and Pony show
you know what im going to turn off my computer screen untill those sea ponies are gone ok..........ok good
inb4 seaponies after credits
my faithfull student twilight sparkle why do you keep me sending this crap?
goat
and the dragon flew oversea to settle inside a mountain that would eventually be known as the Lonely Mountain
trololololol
lol
XDDDDDDD
so random
Dear Celestia, why do you never do your job?
FTW
pinkie is a trololol
lol
dat arrogance
pinkie laughs at your failures
SpadeMagnes[R], she didn't handle the dragon herself and instead saddled the responsibility to a designated team?
goat
Fainting Goat.
ded
LAWL
what a douche
gtg dinner
then everyone died of fright
Cypresswolf: LOTR in the world of MLP? ERMAGERD
Dear princess Celestia, Today I've learned that your not a good leader of this country
be back later
^_^
sumer's over
oh my
wow so many lyras
so many lyras
/me misses the summer. :(
end of stream
DUN DUN DUN!
god night Caramel
I really wish I had the Hub so I can hear those adverts :/
so much Lyra so little time
o/ Caramel
night caramel!
night
2,14 slepe...
Cypresswolf: So the mythical land on the west in LoTR universe is Equestria? Seems legit.
good night Caramel :)
aww we needed more lyras
night Caramel
*still having spaz attack* ...i...sware...to...god......sea...pony... *spaz attack gets bad as hell then i go into shock*
Goodnight Caramel
Summer's over, get back inside and learn about history, damn out of control youth!
Caramel: gud nite
L_Y_R_A: Would you shut the fuck up
no more streaming...?
Night Caramel
Sleep well, Caramel .
I don't see why you have such a problem with them?
No "Moves Like Jager" outro?
Night Caramel
and AM rifle couldÄve solved that dragon problem rather quickly
Sleep good
no seapony outro
night caramel
have good dreams Caramel /)
Caramel: !
shooo be dooo shoo shoo be doo caramel
Caramel, thanks for streaming
SOMEPONY DOUBLE SCREEN G3.6 AND SEAPONIES!
thanks
bye Caramel
Gotte go, too. Good night y'all.
Applejack2012, the Sea Ponies song is Sumica's outro
hey look, its that Allegr0 ... :|
Undercover boxing club.
good night RainbowAsh
good night guys
ngith
night
bye Axel_Dash
Why don't they stream some G1 since we've all seen all episodes from G4 right?
night Axel_Dash
Good night Axel
it's only 5:44 pm where I am...
Good night Caramel, dam too late
JT: lol
bye
night RainbowAsh
JT: Well...you saw the outrage when only showing seaponies? :S
bye /)
sleep well
:P
Thats true Iwa
*still in shock*...lets...never...speak...of...this...again...
Seaponies
is anypony else going to stream now?
I haven't seen any G1 before. Might be tempted to watch some...
seaponies are awesome. fact.
hey dari
^
Well I am, how about those seaponies?
00,02dat tom giving me voice
L_Y_R_A: Shut up. No one cares. At. All.
my too blazing
00,02someone got flags set
weeping_pegasi82: someone mentioned an interview. don't know when or with whom
needs mor G1
cool
Good night
AHHH DONT TALK ABOUT THEM...they has ears evrywhere man THEY'LL HEAR YOU...they will return...
welp naptime
no stream, video links :3
thanks for the stream!
L_Y_R_A: what seaponies?
http://youtu.be/umFnrvcS6AQ
00,02Shizuka, http://derpy.me/leutk seen this?
thanks for stream
Lyra would you fucking shut up
BlazingStreak and JT: The villains do make it worthwhile...they are at Discord level of evil, sadly not as crafty but still very decent :)
Seaponies
MvM anyone?
Seaponies
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJfKZcNDVUg&feature=my_liked_videos&list=LLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw
AHH DONT SAY THEIR NAME...the acursed ones can hear you...
hey Allegr0 was i around last saterday?
Good night
/me Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo
L_Y_R_A: Seaponies.
seaponies
gtg...2 pm here, just came back from downtown...in no condition to stay awake the whole night
Dovah: lolwut?
Good night
2 am
Seaponies
whatever
Seaponies
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
over the top paintball http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_z2CA-o13U
/me tickles Allegr0
/me call pon the seaponies when you're in distress
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hv6RbEOlqRo&list=FL5QyBGi4t1uDa0FwakXNeYQ&index=1&feature=plpp_video
Allegr0: was I on bronystate last saturday, I dont remeber :P
no stream?
im getting out of here before sp fine me 0_0
Dovah: I can't remember :P
fuuuuuu
Dovah: too much to drink? ;)
/me helpful as can be ponies , simply signal SOS
good night
Man I fucking love the music in Xenosaga
doesn't seem to be any DaringDeroy
I blame gigabit...
/me glompels Allegr0
no ok...well see you all then
Bronysith: /me glomps
fuck
me
Allegr0: umm im only 15 so... i dont think tho..
so*
http://youtu.be/xo-tWlETq8w
Dovah: good on 'ya :)
Allegr0: i shall
Allegr0: Its Gigabits fault again.
^_^ What happened at Brony Fan Fair...http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sQV-6KJelBM
O.o
what is that supposed to be?
as always Dovah
i fucking hate OCs
I have no clue, lol
i suggest you all get out of here...or the s ponies will find you 0_0...RETREA TO MY CHANNEL...NO SEA PONIES DARE TO GO TO IT... #megan
they are so obnoxioius
Bronysith, holy gosh that's beautiful
not so much into OC
Cypresswolf: I can see myself wearing the Straw Hat. :D
Can someone fucking get rid of L_Y_R_A
L_Y_R_A: whats so bad about sea ponies?
00,02kirzstryfe, a clue thing from gravity falls
sea ponies are pretty kewl for sea ponies
L_Y_R_A: Seaponies.
we don't take kindly to people hating on Seaponies
AJIsAwesome: :D - Barbetos & I were in the front on the far left
00,02note the right hand side, under the cryptogram
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=70OT3UZbhHs&list=SPB332265A0D8A591A&index=1&feature=plpp_video
Spectrum_Rush: didn't stop me ;)
L_Y_R_A: it's kind of hard to love and tolerate you right now
no idea lol
Allegr0: oh u
weeping_pegasi82, you can stop using that phrase as a motto
love and tolerate give peace a change
also Phase4, poke someone in skype to get rid of l_y_r_a for channel advertising
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HACADr823oU&feature=BFa&list=LLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw
us bronies try to accept everyone, but if you're acting out, it's hard to support you
it's like respect doesn't exist anymore
00,02hmm, not sure who's around
so yeah, it would be nice if you stop, L_Y_R_A
lol you guys are a little to sensitive to L_Y_R_A
Really? is there a bunch of new ponies here? i dont reconize a good portion of you even since this morning...
No the problem is Lyra wont shut the fuck up
people come and go.
I'm new :P Kinda
what Brad[Laptop] said
I came here a few months ago but I only stayed for a week lol
I have not been here liarjack
6Hey :D
hey everypony
Dovah: Some of us aren't that vocal or often around, though still very much used to coming on Bronystate: As for me...I've been on here for about half a year or so
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rb_7bPwxyMU&feature=related Pause at 0: 02 and look near the green 2012. :D
I been here sinc winter
SpadeMagnes[R]: its a public chat, people dotn come here to shut up
lol seaponies
hi LightningDashFast
hi
twilight_sprinkle: well he/she wont shut up about the god damn sea ponies
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2QYpCxmSaL8&feature=related
lol whats a sea pony
its been so long since ive been on
yeah advertising is bad mmmkay
well welcome back LightningDashFast :P
wb
hey everypony
hey Silver_Spoon
hi
so whats been happening
SpadeMagnes[R]: hes not the only one who doesnt shut up with his hate, the other guy hasnt been banned for it either
Might have to make that ban permanent.
SpadeMagnes[R]: other guy is offline currently tho.
Allegr0: go buy me Dark Souls: Prepare to Die on steam :P
wb :P
hi Silver_Spoon :)
Oh hello shizu
oh goody Pyro
Nittany_Discord: for that lyra bitch?
6Thx ^^
bye
looks like nittany is awake
meet teh pyro
and I'm guessing Shizuka is as well
my dads gonna get pizza :P
check out mah MLP collection https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-DoX7pLYCWoM/UFOPvWdnUUI/AAAAAAAAGp0/v6HiC0hNzIo/s1600/MyLittleTrophies.png
b ye Applejack2012
Who is streaming now?
Dovah: okay, I just won't eat till november, or play in the Return to Ravnica prerelease 2 weeks from now :P
twilight_sprinkle lol
Shizuka lol
6What kind? :3
Called it
meet the pyro = Shizuka
lol
DerpyMuffins: buffer is
twilight_sprinkle, you monster
twilight_sprinkle: You monster! :D
DerpyMuffins: oh, nvm
It's a hot time in the ol' town tonight
DerpyMuffins: shizuka i think
awwww not the original :( still ooks good though :)
6Gah..now I just got a drift of pepperoni pizza.. *imaginary_smell*
Allegr0: k have fun with that :P
I got her.
Supposed to be on hiatus, but I can handle a ban.
:P
Allegr0: /) Sorry I missed you at BFF :)
pepperoni
huh this should be intresting
pinkie is best pyro:O
Since when is Pyro MLG?
6Awesome *.*
Cypresswolf: it's okay. You mean the stream or actually being there?
Allegr0: actually you would only have to not eat for about a day or two
Hope we all can meet up another time, Allegr0! :)
dat konami code
Shizu, you are amazing
TF2 must have the highest concentration of bronys.
dat black mesa
Shizuka's smoking hot intro
(of any game)
we will AJIsAwesome !
so what is this black mesa thing anyways
Blacck mesa
Allegr0: I was there - had a hard time finding you & Gigabit :)
alexxm: a remake of hl1
Allegr0: You going to try and make it to PonyRenFest?
oh ok twilight_sprinkle thanks
Black Mesa is actually a game? I've only ever heard of Black Mesa from Still Alive -.-
Cypresswolf: yeah, we all had a hard time finding each other, mostly due to the crowd...and how busy we were :P
Allegr0: you and gig need to get your plots in line so we can hang out some time
Black Mesa is the setting of HL1, Blazing
this is a remake of the original game
Never played HL
00,02TheGreatAndPowerfulT, : D
BlazingStreak: It's aslo the facility you begin in in the original Half Life
00,02aparently no one gets it
BMS, sweet!
wow
Phase4, you don't happen to know the link for the black mesa mod do you?
BlazingStreak: Its goood
that's hot
that is seriously so amazing\
/me 6mentally prepares herself to watch another episode.
hell, halflife 1 is more expensive than deus ex human revolution at the moment
So I've heard
To all of you guys who want to go to a convention soon, there's one in Austin Tx called PonyRenFest. It's held at the Renaissance Fair and it starts around October 12th.
ive been in hotter
But I don't have much time for gaming right now
6Indeed :O
dunno why i even used that code on some progtamming homeworks
yeah Blazing, if you havnt played HL1 atleast try out this mod
AJIsAwesome: naw, we can't really do a long trip like that again for awhile
its free either way
today I've watched Abraham Lincoln
it sucks
Allegr0: Okay. I understand.
00,02not on me
<_<
wasnt there recently a convention in vancouver, bc?
BlazingStreak: yeah, its a long game
buffering...
Hi!
O.o
Hi, Joy! :)
dis half life
00,02kirzstryfe, http://release.blackmesasource.com/ is online again
have the link for the torrent if you want it kirzstryfe
it's fucking big
Prequel?
05,15allo everyone. looks like I made it in time for Black Mesa
back
the train scene is fucking big
Hi, marsbars123! :)
marsbars123: um wtf
What is Black Mesa?
back evrypony
Wb, name! :)
nuke
Half life 1 with half life 2 graphics
hmm i hearad nuke
6Kinda reminds me of Scrat from Ice Age.. :P
soooo BLOW IT UP
so guys, am I the only one that thinks that the movie Abraham Lincoln sucks?
hu
Ah. Didnt really care for those games.
hi
Bronysith: marsbars123 = fluttercry
uranium
Thats why i dont know about it o:
Derpy_Hooves: yup
OohShiny: What's it about?
hi
AJIsAwesome: Vampire hunter
half life intro
00,02i'm yet to see someone say they hate hl2
00,02or even half life
OohShiny: Oh, THAT one. I don't even see the point of it. :S
00,02its either 'BEST THING EVAR' or 'meh, not for me'
too bad this leads to the combine invasion
man, this game just blatantly ripped off Halflife
Original Half Life is on my top 10 games I never played before but have to before I die list :)
I liked HL2, never finished ep2, and have never played HL1
omg scrat :3
6^^
get to the choppa
I want to watch freemans mind now!
Cypresswolf: the gunpbbhtbid list?
I didnt hate them, lol. Its just not my kind of game i guess. Never finished HL2
pony_7032: Youtube.
:D Yesh!
I think that about does it for today
well you can play it or watch shizu play it
sleep tight everypony
curbstomppedearths military in 8 hours
so what won this weeks lottery i missed it
:)
bye Sonny
bye
twilight_sprinkle: :D
Played it for a couple of hours and never went back to it :(
Bye, Sonny!
Cypresswolf: You have a chance now - BMS is pretty much HL1 with better graphics.
:)
sthen something goes wrong
then*
Half Life?
6Here goes.. *prepares_to_get_creeped_out*
Ta daaaaaa! I'm back guys! :$
wb MadSurge
uh oh shit hits the fan
00,02RaveBrony, thats my point, you didnt hate them :P
thanks JESmith71
Wb, MadSurge! :)
Welcome back MadSurge
Space jam is teh B now?
i thought it was something else
LightningDashFast: Then you'd better duck.
lol what u watching?
Buytoast: It was B the last time it played here
Ill watch for a little while, but then i have to get to the gym. I missed a week of workouts ffs x_x
:ducks:
ooooo shiny
So did you guys enjoy the Blues Brothers?
dat foreshadowing
Phase4: Yeah :P
never even heard of black mesa
6An anime called Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni :P
Retina burning good :)
i mean i thought a difernt B movie won the lotto
05,15*cough* soooooooooooo how's things?
LazerZ
pretty good Fluttercry !
welp, IM off to TF2, see you all in a bit
oh haha
Fluttercry: Pretty good. How about you?
Buytoast: It did, but they rerolled
Why hello Fluttercry!
6Seeing the beginning of the episode,I probably will get creeped out or something :P
Hello Fluttercry
I don't quite understand why a remake with better graphics is anything to drool over, but I'm in the "meh, not for me" camp.
dat robot
hey fluttercry
haha
mechs
ooooo its an at-at
Hey fluttercry
how are things fluttercry
that looks like a spider
05,15I have been playing a lot of Black Mesa, it's got some major issues, but I still enjoy it. Sorry I missed movie night :(
FEMA O.o
Don't remember if we'll met him in game later.
sup Fluttercry
I guess its to reminisce. I liked playing Halo Anniversary edition :D
G-Man
Fluttercry: major issues? for example?
Fluttercry: I missed it too, I went to party with friends :D
so how do you access this black mesa thing? do you need half life 1?
radiation
Fluttercry: You also missed Scoot and Rina's interview. But luckily that's archived: http://www.livestream.com/babblewithbronies/video?clipId=pla_cb626f67-db64-40ef-a515-8fc6adfa2d3b&utm_source=lslibrary&utm_medium=ui-thumb
going through the coop with my bro all over again was a Blast
Buytoast: You need a SDK - Steam tool
here we go
*Source SDK
http://cheezburger.com/6579266816
when does the explosion begin
ohai Barney
05,15Dark_Horst the jumping is weird, Freeman feels like he's 6ft wide. stuff like that
...I just realized, I have no whiskey while visiting my parents - I owe myself 1 shot for every G-Man sighting later
going to do my favorite thing in fallout punching deathclaws
6-.-
Fluttercry: BMS?
05,15Still fun though, and for something you can get for free, it's pretty good
lol
oh barney
lol
hehee
6Chrome closed down for some reason.. D:
13two things
I have to get Fallout... it seems im missing so much by never having played them.
agreed
I never played the original Half Life, so I don't have any point of reference from that.
grey man :/
Mom was right...
wat
131) you'll have to forgive the load times, they're pretty abysmal for a source game, but they cram a metric plotload of detail into these maps
doctor who's on in an hour for me :D
i played gmod for a while
6xD
132) i am very disappointed you all weren't quoting freeman's mind
k
00,02http://www.equestriadaily.com/2012/09/build-bear-survey-includes-friendship.html XD
13so get to it!
He sould have listen to mom
:o
05,15Shizuka if it makes you feel better I was trying to think of some
got killed alot
if you've played an elder scrolls game, it's basically the same thing
yay
OH LOOK A ROBOT
Shizuka: :D Freeman;s
Mind
00,02now we just need pony stompies
just cyberpunk instead of fantasy
Shizuka: way too long since i saw that xD
05,15" WE'RE GONNA CRASH!"
PONY TAIL
lol
pony
inb4 pony
PONY TAIL :O
"pony" tail
lol pony tail
im too slow
Gordon with ponytail = :D
Ponytail
i dont feel so good
13the ponytail thing
I love cyberpunk tho :)
foreshadoooowing
ZOMBIES
does my beard intimadate you?
13gordon's model in the original half life, beta i think, had a ponytail
everything is turning blue!
RUN
13he was called ivan the space biker
damn he lost his porn
or head crab to be exact
almost as much as i do fantasy :P
13other games reference that
is this a zombie game?
Shizuka: :D
Ok you guys need to stop spazzing out on the word pony
Shizuka: Oh god, Ivan...
Phase4: Oh god no! :D
weeping_pegasi82: si
lol
cool
CrimsonPhoenix Oh mah gawd u said pony.
where do you think you are CrimsonPhoenix
CrimsonPhoenix: NO, it's so funny :D
weeping_pegasi82: zombies and other monsters
05,15okay, I have freeman's mind up. Let's see how close I can sink it
00,02RUN AROUND MORE
telling them to stop is like telling a puppy not to shit all over your new couch
05,15sync*
did someone jsut askabout audio? seems fine
blue screen of death!
00,02gordon is never late to work, work is late to gordon
Gordon's such an asshole
press the button!
press the red button
05,15Shizuka hit the reset button
lolwut
Shizuka: likes to pester NPC :D
lol
So why does gordon never talk?
troll gordon
Because he's too bad ass?
:P
trolled
gg gordon
fuck the police
gj grodon
Because having no voice allows us to give him whatever voice we want.
It's amazing Gordon wasnt fired for trolling
00,02important message to the public terminal in the lobby
oh you
oh wait, wrong chat
So explain to me again... what qualifications does gordon have?
00,02SpadeMagnes[R], mid physist
00,02mit'
05,15Dinosaurs are reptiles! They must be cold blooded!
...
thermal protection heh
To anyone wondering: http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100112124524/half-life/en/images/e/ea/Ivan_model_views.jpg - that's how Gordon was suppose to look at the beginning
Is that an Office Space reference? :)
13i missed that when i ran earlier...
lol the gut got trolled
Build A Bear ponies??,... pshh, whats the point. Theyre just as expensive as other mlp plushie makers :D
guy*
SirGanjalf: that ivan the space biker
he wanted to go to a brony covnention...
DRAT
DOUBLE DRAT
MUTTLEY
Well! Hello Black Mesa!
http://worlds-highest-website.com/#hades
Drat! And double drat!
SirGanjalf, that's manly
So why is a physist dealing with dangerous materials?
Who might be streaming?
g mod man
Dat G-Man
Buytoast: you and me :D
Shamroc: Yep, a.k.a. Proto-Gordon
05,15YOU SIR ARE MAD!
g man
2! 2 G-Man Sightings :D Ha ha ha
G-MAN:O
Buytoast: As if you ever...stopped a pidgeon...:)
hola
Damn
lol
:O
G-MAN!
00,02Shizuka, can just see
Shizuka: I can sorta read them
Oh wow, Black Mesa
oh comeon
05,15"You listen here and you listen good. Birds are the closest living relatives to dinosaurs we have and they're warm blooded
Shizuka: try noclipping inside?
i can see pretty well
Shizuka: I can read them
that's easy!
wat
Imperceptible garbling
ha
Incoherent mumbling
Fuck you.. Gordon does what ever he wants
math fail
Space? SPAAAAACE!
lol
it's 42
This is the Half Life mod right?
dat chemistry
00,02Buytoast, indecipherable babbling
So, which one's Kleiner?
Hey freeman, your in the barrel today :P
its e=mc squared
awkwaaaarrdd
twilight_sprinkle, more like a Half Life recreation
/me glomps Phase4
Is this Half Life 3?
Incomprehensible draining
/me 00,02hugs Bronysith back
13yes i'm trying to follow as much of freeman's mind as possilbe
Kandarihu: on the second board in the middle it was chemistry.
13you are all slackers
mitamaking: eeyup, Black Mesa Source
05,15"Turn down the music! Sounds like a strip club in here!"
<_<
I never watched that
Inscrutable utterances
Maybe I should
Shizuka: try noclipping into gman room
mitamaking: i mean the mod
Who you gonna Call? Union Busters!
Shizuka I'm sorry, I never watched that series.
slackers were not slackers
lol
How early into the game is this?
oh look, back from that time when your hp actually mattered in games
00,02someone is still babbling on in the background
00,02not sure if bugg
mitamaking: Just after the "intro"
raaavvvveee!!!
mitamaking: very beginning
05,15Surprisingly, Freeman's mind is actually syncing pretty well to this
well thats mean
yeah i hate work
Phase4 or someone is following Gordon and staying out of sight.
wooohh!!!
lol
yep
I didn't know Half Life was voice acted?
The indescipherable mumbling will be heard THROUGHOUT ALL of Sector C
hah. This conversation is awesome
Bah
00,02>late to work
http://derpy.me/nvwro WTF
00,02>immediately shoved into test chamber
mitamaking: It's not THAT old.
replication do not want
...
Bronysith: It's true
lol
wow thats very mean
13dunno if you can read this
Exotic
omg those G1 villains...
i thought that said erotic
13Important: Increases in exotic matter decrease stability of crystalline structure.
freaking turning ponies into dragon things...
ohcloning equal things going boom
no
13This can increase resonance effects to DANGEROUS levels.
JT: Told ya...:)
Sounds like a way to destroy crystals
looks like particle physics stuff
00,02forshadowing
lol!
Alright. I couldn't make out the first part
in short exotic things = boom
in some sort of field
and that's how the crystal kingom fell
yep which is why its made of explodium
Dammit JT you're making me want to watch it too now...
Shizuka: Well, now the later events will be also your fault.
kingdom*
Is this Half-Life 1 remake teaching us science?
its not bad
....
get a soda
But its better then nothing till S3 or fanfics
And as always, I run the game with all settings turned down to minimum.
FUCK RULES, WE'RE SCIENCTISTS
So I stay on track what episode of freeman's mind would this be as of now
Hiya Allegr0!
ooh ooh, play with the microvawe oven!
00,02you get payed a whole dollar!
6o.o
ehhh
XDDD
hey LadyCanary|meh :)
/me grabs a Soda.
fire in the hole
quick sreal it!
really blazing its pretty weird and stuff but its kinda cool
13this is great
...
Kandarihu: i kno dat feel
your particle emitter is showing
trolled again
kik
Atom and split, LOL
lol
make like an atom and split
dat joke
05,15Magneson is going to be pissed
duuude
HAH!!
ew
Dammit Gordon.
lol
OH
:D
I'll probably watch it tomorrow JT :)
LMAO
lul
lol
ha lol :D
....
Lol what!?!
Oke ^^
:D
00,02XD XD
lulz
oh my
05,15wut
lulz
Omg! :D
wat
these jokes
Oh my god BLACK MESA EVERYONE
what:D
woooah
ok
XD
Hahahahaha
All dem jokes
what, no tree?
lol
holy shit how many
Head out?
So many ways to say go away
05,15You better make like a tree, and get out of here
:D:D:D
he didnt do the "make like a tree, and leaf"
00,02that was awesome XD
Those are amazing
Fluttercry I'd like to be a tree
05,15favorite Freeman's mind quote here?
a fluttertree?
bow ties are better
05,15"The day they try to enforce the dress code on me is the day I let them know there could be an accident, and by accident I mean bomb the place"
He has a son?
awww a baby
mitamaking: During labour, a baby "exits" head first :)
WERES MY STASH!!
Fluttercry: "Its make like a tree and LEAF, you sound like a damn fool!"
Give him the toilet paper!
ah
oh noes!
EW
lol
I'll be going guys, see you next week ^^
Oh noes!
lol
See ya JT
...HA
lawl
13there is an achievement for this
ha
:D
13"Brownian Motion"
YOU KNOW, IN THE BATHROOM!
Hahaha
lol
Shizu I love youuuu
This Freeman is an ass I see
give im ze toilet paper
Is this dr Kleiner?
him*
let the man clean his ass
Oh, I never noticed the second roll
nope
hes in diar need...
but now he cannot raise himself up to celan said ass
P-p-p-p-paper!
press the buttons
*morphine administered*
dire need
lulz
press th red button always the red
no helmet :P
suddenly I see double of the friend notifications
So how good does my computer need to be to play this?
Need a toilet paper here!
05,15Oh come on! Now someone's taken my helmet
dat music
mitamaking, at least as good as mine, which isn't really all that hot anyway.
05,15shhh
The helmet never existed for G. Freeman.
music
mitamaking: If you can run games on Source enginge, it should be enough
dat music
Suit up!
Mac Blesa :D
yay
05,15God this suit does not shut up
I can play Portal in lowest settings, and TF2 dies, does that help?
Well, it shuts up when nothing's happening.
loud
pun
05,15Kandarihu Freeman's mind quote
Waste disposal system?
eh?
http://shockingvideogamesecrets.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/ivanspacebiker.gif Look! Its gordon!
Hi Guys
05,15Pretty much everything I say will be a Freeman's Mind Quote
/me nods and understands
Fluttercry, I see
"Back in my days, blah blah blah..."
He's wearing a cyber diaper, isn't he?
thank goodness its gone
O_o
gay
oh yes
Fundament? :D
time to cross the streams
Is that guy a scientist or just a fashionista?
I say!
He wants you get in your pants.
Wait did it say munitons monitoring?
*to get*
Now if only sven coop source would come out
Gotcha Fluttercry :D
00,02do what he said
I wonder how do you put on that HEV suit
00,02go bother someone
Oh, right. He designed an earlier version of the HEV
that wasn't nice
BARRELZ
LOOOOOOL
DO A...nah
barrelrool
Is that how the kids these days call it...to be in the barrel?
05,15Looks like I'm not the only one here that knows some dirty jokes....you're in the barrel
Neat. The metal screens move!
dat tram
i actually dont know that joke
Barrel = Test Chamber
Hi
ahhhh i see what you did there
05,15Those tricky architects
lol nice
I love how Shizuka nods to all persons that talk to Gordon :D
muuhhaaah!
loading yay!
what? the elvator doesnt turn anymore?
05,15C'mon people! I can't be the only person throwing these out here
they acnt do that!
This elevator is the earliest place in the game where you can die
MadSurge: I do that too sometimes:)
i have an excuse i dont know any
Fluttercry: i would, but it'S been too long since i saw it
Fluttercry: Im tryng, just ant remember any of it :P
so much foreshadowing
is that the new black mesa game?
Shut down procedure charts. who needs em?
si moobull69
Moopy: *
Laser! Caution! Laser! Caution! Laser! Caution! What does it mean?
LASER!
SirGanjalf: I usually jump or straferun in FPS when NPCs talk to me :D
05,15Laser! caution. LASER! caution LASER! WHAT DOES IT MEAN
CAUTION!
lol
laser
Lazer! Caution! Lazer! Caution! Lazer! Caution! Lazer! Caution!
so Sumica, can we talk about fight club yet?
Diode!
it's forshadowing!
you poke the laser with a stick
laSer
Fluttercry XD
fight club
ppppppoooooonnnnnyyyyy pppppooooonnnnyyyyy
XD
lol
ANY contenfency?
Nyeee, What's up doc?
Wirisme, never gets old
00,02that wall isnt going to stare at itself
Shizuka throw stuff at them. Its fun =P
foreshadowing
13much nicer hallway here
PUT THAT CAN IN THE TRASH
No she's not! She was just sitting!
dat Nit
The dialog that is
Dohohohohoho
She's right
lol
Pinkie?
00,02hallways do look nice
I say we keep the autokick FOREEEVEER
Sumica doesn't like it when people talk about fight club
Phase4: exactly
WHOA!
that foreshadowing
that creepy closeup
To much Kliener
Ass
05,15It's not quite as sickly green
What? How do you zoom in?
whoa
Hi, Kleiner!
Dr Kleiner
A-S-S
NEEEEEERRRRRDDDSSS
Kleiner
Extreme Close-up WOAH!
105%...Yup yup
13this kleiner is the best in the game
LOL
00,02they're waiting
13dead on accurate
the test chamber...
in the test chamberrrr....
...i presume
"In the test chamberrr..."
the test chamber
*stares off into the distance*
http://images.wikia.com/half-life/en/images/f/fd/Test-chamber-ctrl.jpg The current room from the original.
13ELI however... is the worst
In the mountains...
Shizuka, how did you zoom in like that? I had trouble aiming because I could hardly zoom in
is this the part with the crab
Kleiner is best scientist
00,02eli is a bit off
HIT THE DECK
00,02soudns about 15 years younger
no, that has to be later
run away!
Hit the deck!
I dunno, I thought it was good for a young version of him, not dead on though.
forshadowing...
dun dun dun
wow this experiment was doomed from the beggening
foreshadowing
THERE IT IS!
The Diodes are probably purring.
Okay turn with it
so whos streaming when i came back from my dinner?
05,15You go with the lowest bidder, and this is what happens
tab fail, didn't notice I closed bronystate >_>
inb4 "Ooh, what's THAT button for?"
Moopy, I think it's Shizuka
05,15Okay....Freeman's Mind has to be streamed.
oh ok
00,02we require bigger charts
just perfect
guys, i found out DEADPOOL is getting a video game
Scripted.
LOL
00,02XD
Hello!
I'm back!
nvm
and a movie!
perfuktory tests
00,02game's parodying itself
FlutterMEDIC: old news is old
Hey, Gordon has a Phd too and they order him to push a cart!
Who is streaming?
Thats the second time it has done it too Phase4
shizuka
oh ok
Fine. See ya after the test
STARE AT THAT MONITOR
press the buttons
hey im a cartpusher too
It does it before with the conversation about "Reproductions vs Original works"
eenope
if you get there
sweet im like gordan freeman
Hombre
Barney?
05,15The joke about no other scientists having beards doesn't work anymore :(
Standard analysis procedure, lol
there hands...
dohoho?
Is it just the scroll wheel that controls zooming?
*their
test_chamber.jpg
http://images2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20100322232218/half-life/en/images/b/bb/Test_chamber.jpg
XDDD
...
ha!
I want amnesia. >:|
reight
13Z
right*
sleeping
Z
nothing will go wrong >_>
*cough* *cough*
no they dont
VioletLynnScraton: OKAY
05,15Does my beard intimidate you?
Oh, okay.
/me hits VioletLynnScraton in the head
00,02i've got a fairly large audio delay here
00,02not sure if my end
oooo
go in thar
VioletLynnScraton Amnesia is over rated.
I loved what the guard says when you get into the doors after the transit
Phase4, Audio/Video desync?
Barbetos: whatevvveerrr!
Just do it you wimp
00,02yeah
Phase4: seems fine here
"you cut the pony tail. Sell out..."
:D "just do the inevitable" :D
paperwork
LOL
great paperwork my favorite...
:D
now end them all
Ohai Bronystate :)
wow you climb ladders quickly
hey MaxTheBrony
Why?
13they put a lot of detail into this, it's awesome
oooooo buttons
oh
press the red button
Allegr0: Heya! Is the stream in 1 and a half hour?
00,02push the button
00,02nothing will go wrong
what does this button do
Oooh, What's that button for?
self destruct buttons!
MaxTheBrony 30 minutes :P
name: Nope, it's green now!
Here it goes...
oh noo.....
Allegr0: Didnt you guys move it an hour forward?
You've killed us all Gideon Foldmen.
MaxTheBrony yeah, from 8 to 9 :P
:( no self destruct sequences
00,02woah
don don...don don... don don do- don...
shaky shaky
Ohhhh
00,02nice lighting
wow
Oh jesus....
Allegr0: did you publish that gallery of pics on twitter? :)
wow, that does look good!
Shizuka: Did you get frame rate lag in the final portal room?
Allegr0: Aw yeah then i will be able to watch it :)
stand in the middle!
Woah this Is amazing :)
ANYPONY HERE interested in homemade pony plushies?
go in the middle
love this remake
Phase4: Is this the resonance cascade you guys are watching now?
"remake" mod
And THIS is what I miss out on by turning all mysettings down
Sooo much detale!
Bronysith: depends on the price
Hey everypont
MadSurge not yet, giga had an emergency business meeting tonight when we were gonna publish them, so we'll have to do it after
WE MUST PUSH LEETLE KART!
AND BOOM
00,02XAX, eyup
BOOOM
whoa
inb4 aliens
Boom
Bronysith i don't have the money for them
Aaaand, we're bucked.
oops my bad
gordon is fudged
you know you're fucked when a room gets that green
WTF BOOOOMMMMM HAHAHAHAHA!!! MUWAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
THEY GOT CREATICE
TEL'POR'
00,02this is what you get when you dont have a big red 'emergency shutdown' button
HEAD CRABS
And then Gordon was in equestria
fuck you're going to summon the hulk you keep this shit up
00,02theres a reason for those thingfs
and that's how equestria was made
They opened their Space Inventory!
Woah
NO! I dont WANT to be a scitzophrenic
Derpstar: inb4 vortigant mumblings.
vortigaunts
"Free Man"
he gets worshipped
Phase4 they did have a giant red "emergency shutdown" button...it was broke though haha
00,02'Loading'
:) I love vortigaunts
whats a space inventory
loading... loading...
Dafuq just happened....
....that was a short and dissapoitning cascade
why does minecraft hate me so much? :(
Woah
00,02Shamroc, then they deserved this
unforseen consequences
VioletLynnScraton, Resonance Cascade
this looks epic
Phase4: They should have had C4 all over the power generator room incase of resonance cascade
00,02you NEVER break the red button
"Prepare for unforseen consequences..."
I would love a game that didn't have to load
How can you prepare for THAT?
best game saying evar
05,15This is stranger then the time I stayed up for 4 days straight and thought my house was being invaded by frog people
blood
handprint...
he dead bro
ded
Remade music?
6It's raining! :D
Shizuka: wasnt the cascade sequence there longer in the original? with more freaky things?
:(
Fluttercry: srsly? ._.
wow
run run
nice music
05,15I AM CAPTAIN GORDON FREEMAN OF THE INTERGALACTIC HOUSE OF PANCAKES ORDERING YOU TO OPEN
00,02Dark_Horst, i remember it being a bit longer
i don't think thats helping
Dark_Horst: yes it was
:D
well that place went to heck
13i have to say
I AM ERROR.
ITS OVER 9000
13this level is amazingly designed
^^
XAX: he's quoting freemans mind
13even doom 3 didn't convey the scale of destruction as well as this is
Dark_Horst: Yeah. They skipped out on the bit where you get teleported to Xen and can walk around for a bit.
00,02doom 3 never really looked destroyed to me
I watched the doom movies does that count?
*movie
The music is more detailing to the scenery than the old version.
Lolno.
PHYSICS
alright, turn with it, turn with i- aaahr, dammit!"
Yeah the sound track in this is AMAZING
05,15Okay, I'm done with freeman's mind now.
screw physics 4th wall powers go
The blast pit song is awesome ;_;
blind him!
Aw.. I enjoyed you quoting it Fluttercry
Back in Half-Life's beginning, the music was more silly techno instead of dramatic.
BY SCHRODINGER'S CAT
Fluttercry takes a lot out of you, doesn't it? Now you know why he never talks ;)
00,02Shrodingers(sorry i cant spell cat
One of the few good things about the 9/11 attacks is that it taught us how to convey destruction on a level of human perception.
"What has science DONE!"
"Why is everything in circles?"
00,02MadSurge, that
gib noise? did it just mess up?
then he dies
Phase4: schrödingers katze
05,15SpadeMagnes[R] if i remember any of the REALLY good ones I'll do it again
foreshadowing
Lamarr!
DONT DO IT
He is so ded
It's Lamarr
no but it will disect you
WHOA!
schrodir or whatever is a cat right? or at least a cat boy demon thing.
Teliport
LOL
oh gosh I now know where those things are from
And Kleiner will call it Lamarr and it will be domestic.
And it will probably maim a cat.
LASER!
ded
Welp
And stuff.
jesus
ouch
hot damn
damn
Man, you go out (pathetic as you are) and then you meet a bunch of supposed "friends" having the time of their lives together - Awesome
rawr
Allegr0: Could you ping me when the show is about to start :)?
ded
crab the crowbar
boom
MaxTheBrony lol, if you insist :P
I am FEARLESS! I am a MATIDOR! *head crab jumps at Freeman* Ahhhhhh *runs past crab*
RUUUUUN
I do :)
Well I'm going to bed now. This looks good so I wanna get it and experience it for myself.
LASARS
The original game was from 1997, right?
his life was a drag
Best not to spoil it for myself.
misssion imposible
Woah! I almost got a free haircut & labotomy
Bye all :)
Bye, BlazingStreak! :)
Night BlazingStreak
BlazingStreak, you can torrent it
I guess he did not make the cut.
bye BlazingStreak
bye blazingstreak
...legally
05,15I stayed in that room for ten minutes looking for the crowbar
sheit!
:O
OOOPS
O_O
I blame the contractors.
05,15Sorry!....Didn't mean to kill you!
i blame ths system
:'(
goddammit Godwin Foremin
Sorryyyy :( Didnt mean to kill you
Did whoever plays this right now get the Bathroom achievement?
13something about that made me immediately reject the freeman's mind line
I just dont know what went wrong! *elevator falls* Opps!
I needed more railings.
well they elevated quickly
you ok people?
13that was easily the most realistic elevator crash i've seen in a game
They are ok. >_>
yeah
poke the bodies with a stick
i wish it was raining here :/
Shizuka: Even in the old game?
bronystate playing blackmesa source= all of my yes
harsh
name: *crowbar
05,15Probably the fact that they were begging not to die, instead of a comical "ACK"
the non-existant stick?
i call it the red mettalic stick
13that was... actual buildup to a crash
13so yeah
13worth 8 years right here
It wasn't even a closed elevator
it makes it mor emotional for sure
There were so many ways to get out of there alive
This game was...
My reaction was DDDDDD=
worth the weight
^
owait It's not a valve game.
I wish we could have a hybrid stream, with Shizuka streaming the video and the audio coming from a combination of Shizuka and Allegr0.
shit.
05,15Shizuka does the jumping and large collision box bother you?
13the jumps suck yeah
i beat this this morning, was easily the most awesome looking game ive played in a while
ew
13there's a few stupid hard ones you wouldn't think you can make
00,02follow me doctor
So I wonder how many members at valve are playing this game at the moment.
wheres the crowbar
The jumping reminds me of gmod
6I wish it'd rain more often :P
same :P
XAX: well, it was made with practicly the same engine
Reload sometime will ya?
The AI being smart too helped a lot
Reload much?
ram it!
YABBA, MY ICING
Barbetos: I wonder how many people that made this will receive Valve's job offer soon
So the jumping is better in the official games?
00,02still havent got a weapon have you
wheres gman
MadSurge: YES. 10 INTERNETS FOR YOU.
you dont get a weapon for a little while
05,15SirGanjalf considering that's how we got Portal and Counter Strike I wouldn't be surprised
13it abuses crouch jumps
13the normal jump is worthless
SirGanjalf: 90% of the people who worked on this already have jobs in the games industry
6How often does it rain there?
lag
...
XAX: 10 internets? :$ Why thanks!
Crouch jumps are MLG then.
You think hobbyists could have made this?
oo a candy var
oh wait its a flare
05,15Jaysus
The only thing I found myself asking at this part is, where the hell did all the flares come from?
Shizuka: dat rebound flare
Lonko, hobbyists DID make this
Like did the flare fairy run around placing a bunch everywhere?
hmm, every 2 weeks or so
Does he ever reload?
Barbetos: from people trying to find out why the powers shorting out
So THAT is what you do with the flares.
Kandarihu: In their free time. But their skills are not the ones of hobbyists
probably a bit less
"This shit's like something out of a videogame!"
imho Zombies sounds less scary than in HL2
Chow time in the break room
They were professionals
lol
COOK IT
lollet it our
well said random ghuard
What the heck1?
wbu?
lol
LOL
And the casserole goes--
or cook it
YESH
oh gosh
that sucks
*boom*
00,02guard is very calm about all this
best way
to cook a crab
00,02lolheadcrab
So much lol
yes
Phase4 probably in shock
it will really hit him later
Or he is drunk.
00,02Barbetos, or both
dat animation
Hand the zombie some toilet paper.
05,15I wonder if Barney will ever show up
What the HECK! That poor headcrab in the microwave!
Taking out the trash??
animal cruelty, yay(even if it's a ET animal)
aww not toilet paper guy
Trash CAAAAAANNNN!!
what game is this?
00,02teleport stand
its actually pretty random were i live
I am the Great Zombholio!
oh wow is this black mesa
The modeling of the Health and HEV chargers is amazing
I need TP for my bunghole!
NOOOO TOILET PAPER SCIENTIST DIED
I WONT WATCH THIS
DarkStratos: si
05,15Did they ever explain the baby picture is Freeman's locker?
IT WILL SPOIL IT!
Fluttercry: nu ;_;
13canonically Barney was the guard stuck outside the door during the train ride
They should of made a special model for that part, like a zombie with TP attached to his shoe.
brb
I love the line of the first guard "Oh, man, you cut the pony tail! - Sellout!"
canonically. word of the day.
blind them with your flashlight!
This is one smart AO
Lonko: Lol'd as well
I remember when blue watch came out with its HD models
AI
That was awesome.
take it back!
05,15Follow the dead body road
LOL
Almost the whole clip?
Ah! Why the hell did that blow up!
dont step in the blood
ccchhhHHHHAAAIIIIRRR
Stuck outside the door... as in the guard who complained about Gordon cutting off his ponytail?
Need a crowbar here!
mr chair noooo
The best scene of Freeman's Mind is where he enters the room with the scientists and they are listening to hardcore techno
chair hates you
"TURN the music DOWN!"
05,15Kandarihu no the one banging on the door
Give me yo gun fooo!
6:O
6About once a month.. :P
Try Control Alt Delete
05,15And then Heavy showed up and saved the day
Or turn it off and on again
:/
killer crab
Fluttercry: lol, they should have put him in the Team FOrtress 2 dimension for a few seconds there at the accident
I don't remember a guard banging on the door in the beginning. Is this another train ride?
>ignite headcrab
13WHO'S THE SELLOUT NOW
Hot patato
13YOU SOLD OUT TO DEATH
13HA
what makes a head crab so flamable?
oops
Shizuka: you sure showed him :D
He ded
ded
Can you people stop dying!
That wasn't Barney, right?
looong way down
THIS MAKES NO SENSE
DAMN
05,15Kandarihu nooo
I was at freaking ground zero and I'm still here!
WHO would BUILD such a Room with no bottom?
6*le_sigh*
ded
Lonko: Black Mesa
dang
05,15Lonko Black Mesa is a monument to misspending
http://derpy.me/v2zfZ Ponytail.
Lonko: Aperture Science likes that type of architecture too.
Crowbar!
a c mettaic stick
crowbar
Crowbar time!!!
i lost the game :/
Fluttercry: There are a couple of rooms in Half-Life that are just like "What the fuq? This must have cost millions of dollars for a pointless room."
yay
Wow you get the crowbar way later in this version
Barbetos: motherofgod
poke them with your crowbar
OSHA completely disregarded Black Mesa
05,15like the box crushing room
Fluttercry: Then how would you call Aperture?
Crowbar all the things
Crowbar Time!
King Arthur finds his weapon in a stone. Link finds his weapon in the Lost Woods. Gordon Freeman finds his weapon stuck in a door.
crowbar all the things
"I am working with a bunch of lemmings"
omnomnom
05,15Also, the blood getting on the suit and weapons is a nice touch
And later in the game series, Gordon's crowbar skill is nerf.
Fluttercry: Bullsquid spit in dark area on weapons = awesome
Oh look the rage zombie
dat blue screen
05,15ooookay
That is how most people react to blue screens
its so lonely here :(
zombie not happy with the blue screen
ded
lol
DED
That's what BSoD makes with people.
Ouch :D
lol
ded
ded :D
:D
yay
ded
:D
DED
and so the saga ended
:d
I guess Windows 95 caused the resonance cascade
Just twitch out and get head crabbed.
LED ZEPPLIN
lol
13derp
:D
killed by a door
Buffering and loading!
Barbetos, after what happened to me this morning, I can attest to that
The IRONY!!
00,02ded?
The door killed the stream
Ded
mmmm morphine
get a gun
05,15I was confused about why I couldn't take that guard's gun
Hi everypony.
...
05,15Everything is diffent!
And now back to Black Mesa! Starring Gordon Freechmare
hi Kinixys :)
how are things Kinixys
bUFFER show season 2!
eww, crowbar is all in alien goo
00,02Fluttercry, i think it ran out of ammo
Hi, Kinixys! :)
I have to go doctor who is almost on
party hard!
LOL
"I AM MELTING"
pinkie pie style
I figured the whole story of Black Mesa out
um
alexxm: Sorta good. I'm back on my desktop at least. :D
what?
"And then the Anti-Matter Nation attacked!"
Let it... snow?
Whatever!
I guess this is the new HL source game.
Fluttercry: Did they put in the guard who gets cut in half by the laser?
Kinixys, yup.
Kinixys: Eeyep!
Hit it
Do it
Wait
Crate smashing time!
Boom
05,15Lonko I think it was a scientist getting gibbed in this one
lol
Shizuka: Somethign that kind of irked me about this game is the amount of crates that don't have ammo in them.
except those with "Danger. Explosives" written on them:|
13it's the big ones with tarps
nap time
13though usually health in those
Boom
XAX: Why would a science lab have ammo crates, anway
....
Buffershow season 3!
05,15Lonko it's Black Mesa...what do you expect from that place?
hey everypony wut game we watchin?
I gotta go guys, Bye! and may the wubz be with you
Lonko: They were probably researching something for military.
I always made it a point to break every crate I saw
05,15The security guards carry grenades
Lonko they are a government paid institute with a private security team.
yeah that doesnt make sense
...except for the ones with the red lining
he lives
Shizuka: Yeah, I guess so. But like... 1 out of 2 crates had ammo in them in HL1
At least Black Mesa is not as crazy as Aperture. Given that Black MEsa is government funded and Aperture is privat
O.O
box attack
lol, sure, they would use grenades in such an institute
A Wild Box has appeared!
Tazers would be enough
Lonko: Aperture is just full of AI, really.
gordon uses smack
Ded
ouch
ow.
05,15ladder fail
Aperture is crazy too.
:D
ow
wow, what a way to die lol
Dayum
use the barrel
Damn. Did he died?
ded
Er, right. Sorry
Ok, that was funny
This is why you use the PROPER tools for the job kids
death by a ladder
Oh hai there!
I hope they put in some references to Aperture in Black Mesa Source
05,15Gman on the balcony
Bye gman
siren!
gman
I spent so long trying to find my way through this room.
13sorry didn't zoom him
Also, Houndeyes are awesome in this.
whres the gman
shit, those little fuckers
where*
Valve just has to announce a new Half-Life in the next 12 months
What the heck are you supposed to do about the Houndeyes? They're so hard to dodge
This shit is getting ridicolous
05,15Oh god I killed. what if it was an ambassador or something?
13so apparently the podcast starts soon
05,15Okay, I'll reason with the next one
Shizuka, you mean now?
agreed
13yeah now
Sonic diplomacy?
aww
Thanks for the stream Shizuka :)
6D:
...
Thanks for stream anyway.
Back to my music!
05,15Indeed. T'was fun
13have no fear, we will resume the exciting adventures of shizu freeman eventually
Think i'll play BMS tomorrow.
05,15Can there be freeman's mind intermixed into the goodness?
And back to watching Achivement Hunter's Fails of the Weak
can't wait to see them, Shizuka :) was loving wathcing the game
/me "Thatsssssss a very nice stream you have there" explodes
Shizuka: indeed, no doubt about that!
13the pacing is different from the original, i wouldn't keep up
Shizuka: What are the showtimes of The Exciting Adventures of Shizu Freeman?
First comment on the post on EqD about which star someone would like to see VAing in MLP.
"Gaben."
13eventually o'clock
Well, thanks for streaming that
05,15Gaben is best pony
Shizuka: Going by Valve time?
Who's Gaben? :$
05,15AJIsAwesome Gabe Newell
Oh, okay.
Gabe is awesome
13http://i.imgur.com/7GgaZ.jpg
/me does the G.A.B.E.N.
I didn't know that Gabe Newell and Gaben were the same person. :$
...
ANYPONY ELSE interested in getting a Homemade Plushie made? he does OCs as long as they are not Alicorns
AJIsAwesome: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPjFavgKO5I
i want a pony with a dragon wing
00,02hmmm, my cryptogram solver has a few bugs. 'enyq yq k emqe qehyui' aparently meens 'thwack thwack thwack thwack'
Oppa Gaben Style!
Shizuka: clearly South Korea is the best one
wings*
south korea has a forever alone day
So why is he called Gaben?
ohai again :)
to south korea
Maybe its telling you something Phase
I see stream :)
it would make my whole week if someone new came here
Allegr0?
I HEAR YOU Allegr0!
05,15I hear Allegr0
:D
i'm guessing it's time for that pixel thing now
what is friendship
i hear you Allegr0
Ohai Allegr0 !
AJIsAwesome: It's a result of some ingame commentary.
Suddenly Allegr0
/me gives Allegr0 the hug of his life
Where is Gigabit?
SirGanjalf: Ok.
I hear an Allegr0.
sup Allegr0
Hello LadyCanary|meh! :D
hi there allegro
Aw, that sucks, :(
Awww :(
hey LadyCanary|meh do you need a hug?
05,15I want my Allegr0 dollars back! Refund!
Nope/
...
No Gigabit?:'(
LadyCanary|meh: that wasnt a question
I see Wiseau Bonbon :D
:)
AJIsAwesome: He's e-mail address is(or was) gaben@something.com
/me pats derpymuffins
SirGanjalf: Alright.
:P
05,15wait...so who did I pay?
Shall we begin overflodding chat with questions ?
13gaben@valvesoftware
*his
Hey everypony!
Fluttercry: me
^yep
uh definitely not mme
Fluttercry: Yes.
me*
hi linsett
Hi, linsett! :)
I'm finally back!
13prior to portal 2, in dev commentary he would pronounce it "gabe-n"
DO MINECRAFT
:)
13now he pronounces it "g-a-b-e-n"
its allegro
Twilight is best pony!
Allegr0: how about flash game
Twalah desktop!
derpy is the best pony
we need download link
to the everfree forest
hi
Allegr0: No, that would be Sweetie-Bot?
Hi bronies/ponies! :)
Allegr0: what would you do if you turned around and slenderman was there?
hi Pikachu
Hi, Pikachu! :)
Hey Pikachu!
hey i am new <3
how are things Pikachu
MAAAPESTORYYYYYYY
05,15Interplay still exists?
I want to go to Unicon so much. :D
s0nnet Oh god no
Fluttercry: they are obsidian
man i need to get some cards :$ feel like a blank flank lol
aint heard of interplay for a decade
pffffffffft
fluttershy!
board
to equestria daily
You guys know that Build A Bear's conducting a survey around MLP Plushies?
i saw one of the trading card packs on the sidewalk and i was like Woah O_o
Allegr0: Rarity was from BronyCon
awww
:O
:D
xD
:D
No, Interplay is Interplay. They're not InExile or Obsidian.
:D
ZOMG
:D
Ofcourse
haha
:D
HELL YEAH
DO it. :D
That sounds painful.
it was so obvious
and the mail is processed by valve
so doing it
never gonna get it
:'(
Im listening to your witty banter :)
...
:o los pegasus
00,02^ first commend on that eqd post: 'gaben'
So
many
convention
I want to go to Unicon so much.
special promo cards arent very high on my pony list - I still cant find the euro exclusive pony toys
oh my god i am soo going to tht
Any cons in the Southeastern US?
if only they had conventions in canada
Allegr0, I think he's changed his handle for the long-term to NewSuperBronyU
:O man if i wasnt broke i would love to go!
:O
awesome
Impressive!
name, BronyCAN.com
dude u swear to much
YAY
hahaha
05,15Guile's theme?
:)
I don't get it
I want Andrew W K :D
I question less today -_-
Do surveys even exist?
Yeah
Just relaxing. :$
Allegr0: i shall give you the biggest hug of your life
Allegr0: It's 1:11pm, and i'm bored.
I'm kinda stagnating on PSO2 right now.
me to
boredom is going on
I bored as well
V
my life? Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh (sounds like patric)
its 3 am and im a bit tierd but with you here i think i can manage :)
just drawing some toku ponies :D
Allegr0, may I post a link to a site of another con?
00,02kirzstryfe, its a 'who do you want to va in mlp'
i am drawing rainbow dash right now
MFP IN THE HOUSE
just listening to stream
Allegr0: do you follow the discord whooves tumblr?
Been reading fanfic, m'self.
I wasn't here for like two weeks bleh
ALEGR0 MFP IN THE HOUSE
05,15chillin out max and relaxin all cool
SO bored
2pm in UK :)
But that's past, yay
yes, but I don't get the context of the response
and watching as well
i really wanna see how to train your dragon :P
sry 2am
Allegr0: 1pm Sunday. New Zealand :>
M.F.P IN THE HOUSE
While shootin some Bball outside the school
6:12pm right in the Pacific Coast of Canada.
Allegr0: I found 8 individual pony toys at BFF - 9 more to complete the current set - including the 4 new ones with L yra & Trixie
Kinixys What kinds of fanfics?
ALEGR0
:o
ALEG0
00,02gaben == gabe newell
Ah
the bear
when a couple of guys that were up to no good
ALEGR0
I came RIGHT BACK FROM THERE!
goddamn build-a-bear is still around?
05,15So, lie and say you have kids
ok
I did. :$
'I Forgot I Was There' is good.
i'm so obssesed about spyro that i'm gonna work realy hard and make alot of money become rich and pay scientistes to change my body into spyro's and be able to fly and breath fire
HELL YEAH
WHAT
-dun196
I HAVE KIDS
nice
no derpy
but like the response says, he doesn't do things involving 3 very well
*dun198
what humankind cant invent :)
no lyra
PLUSHIES? IM GOING THERE IN MILLON YEARS :$
You have to if you want to participate/ :D
00,02XD
yey surveys :D
hi
ohai playpony :)
best quote evar :P
Lyra with holes eh?
:)
I want a Lyra <3
O.o
i first time happy to watch survers
whaat
Rustymeat: NO
Yay pony plushies
I didnt say anything
05,15Do it filly
YEAH
Do it!
Yesh! Do It
DO IT!
Do eet!
Allegr0: Do it!
Yay, affordable plushies! :D
sup
Just for the heck of it.
do it or i take your soul
DO IT DO IT DO IT
:P
SI
YAY
SI
Allegr0: it is against my religion
SI
YOU ARE A FEMALE
SI
15-17!!!!
31-40
05,1561+
91+
:D
18-22.
99+
91+
Be honest about it
61+
81
!!!
91+
23-30
MUFFINS
01+
91+
23-30
It's the only part you don't have to lie about
81+
90+
61+
!!
91+
23-30
61+
11
31-40
05,15yes
23-30 is more believable if you say you have kids
no
YES
Yes
Nuuug
yes
YES
18-22
No
es
Nuuuh
YES
no
NO
:)
YES
yes
YES
Allegr0: Totally.
lawl
No, you're single!
maybe
YES
yes
YES
yes
Wait thats sick O.o
no
yes yes yes
:D
possibly
that means
:D
you are engaged
SINGLE!
Yesyesyesyesyesyes
7
Aww.
poor enterplay
12
8
YES]
13did an herbal essence commercial just break out in here?
4
12
8
0 and 1.
8
YOU WILL BE A PARENT SOMEDAY
12
7!!!!!!
12
13did an herbal essence commercial just break out in mane?
05,155
12
6
8
7
6
∞
10, 11, 12
13 and 8.
4
I put my imaginary kid at 12
all of them!
3 and 12.
:D
all of them
pick all of them
6
12
3
12
1
12
all of them
http://www.memecenter.com/fun/719169/rollin
20
check all the buttons :P
12
4
all og them
say your child is 35
05,15que?
How about 9?
all of them
Ahh i accidently spamed :(
hahahaha
:D
9?
3 & 8
me to
12
no idea
enterplay is gonna be like "fu*k you."
me to
The Snuffle?
You must have an understanding wife
Boy
O.o
derp
boy!
Boys
girl
BOY
both
FIRL
05,15Boy
catching up on comics
boy
girl
LADY
Boy
Girl
girl
both
pony
boy
can you chppse both?
LOOK WHO GOT BUSY
girl
GIRL
pony
a gentelman
GIRL
Yes
PEGASUS
girl
BOY
girl
gender is lady
05,15Boy
BOTH
Girl plox
pony
girl
BOTH
GIRL
BOTH
Grown men!
BOTH
I hate it
aw cxr
05,15He hates everything but ponies
Allegr0, YOU'RE A TERRIBLE PARENT
HATE
hate
he loves that shit
hate
Hate it
Love
hate
not know
Hate
like it
hate
loves that sith
he doesnt KNOW WHAT IT IS
Hate
Hate spongebob
Loves it so much!
hate hate hate
HATE IT!!
Love it!
HATE
Hate
LOVE IT
I love spongebob :(
hate
It's so terrible that it's good. You knw you love it!
Hate
Love it!
meh about the smurfs
HATE IT!!!!!!!!!
PASS
hate
Love
LOVE
hate hate hate
hate
HATE
Hate
FUCK THE SMURFS
!
05,15hate
THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE
NEVER HEARD OF IT
he eats smurfs for breakfast
Love it!
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATE
xD
Love
hate
If you aren't a parent of or a child between the ages of 3 and 12 the survey will just end.
HATE
love
hate hate hate'
Smurfs are Awesome
love
I put my imaginary 12 year old daughter as loving MLP, not really liking Smurfs and hating Spongebob and Monsters Inc
my little pony and monsters inc love
hateee
love
pass i think
Detest of Smurfs.
DISLIKE
hate
hate it
so much HATE
LOVE IT!
YES
WUB
LOVE!
yeah
Hate
hell ya
05,15he doesn't know what it is
HATES
WUB
love
hate
LOVE
HE HATES IT SO MUCH
love to death
FTW
LOVE IT
HATES
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE
hell ya
Wub Wub
HATES
WUB
love
LOVE
hell ya
LOVE
love
LOVE
LOVCE
Love
hell ya
e
He has no idea what it is
LOVE <3
he eats ponies for breakfast
LOVE
Likes
yes
nein
D:
loves it
What?
meh
likes
Loves it
HATE
No.
yes yes yes yes
Likes
shit son monsters inc
love it
YES
better check that shit
Yay!
love
Allegr0: How could your child not know what MLP is D:
That's going to force you to go back a page... and you can
Wub for MI
No D=
love it
nope, hate
forever alone :(
twilight_sprinkle1: :D
whats going on evrypony
Yeeeey
I LOVE IT
hie fluttershyFTW
YAYAYAY
rainbow
twilight
Rarity
05,15Fluttershy and Pinkie Pie
Applejack
AJ and Twilight
Fluttershy
Ohh noo!!!!
Wich is the best?
twilight
dun dun dun
twilight
OH SHIT
ALL OF THEM!
RARITY
TWILIGHT
haha
LUNA FTW
rainbow
O.o
TWILIGHT
FLUTTERSHY
05,15Good, F*** luna
no luna!
no love for moon horse
rainbow
TWIRAIGHTU
Ah phew
Lunove?
noooo
TWILIGHT
Rarity!
rianbow
Spike and Fluttershy!
FLUTTERSHY
FLUTTERSHY!!
all of them
RARITY
According to John DeLancie today Discord
Everyone but spike
PINKIE
no woona D:
rall
TWILIGHT
ALL EXCEPT SPIKE
Applejack!
Allegr0: TWILIGHT
RD
rainbow dash
No Vinyl Scratch? Octavia? Lyra O_o
13so many yes
05,15Fluttershy and Pinkie
Aww, I'm facepalmed that there's no Luna.
FLUTTERSHY
Check all but SPIKE
Spike! Spike!
ALL
TWILIGHT
ALL OF THEM!!!!
all of them
APPLEJACK
ALL
OR PICK NOBODY
ALL OF THEM
all all alla ll
ALL
Oh well. Celestia.
hell ya
Not Spike xD
ALL
Give Spike some love!
TWILIGHT for science
Naaah
yeah
lol
Spike! Wub Wub
FLUTTERSHY
And the Luna destroyed the build a bear workshop. THE END
TWILIGHT
pick everyone except fluttershy
Yaaaay!]
05,15ah, I have never seen one of those commercials
xD
How are you?
Spike is a pony!
SPIKE IS A SLAVE
NO!
wow 5 seconds into chat and so many
what?
Wow, someone is on. Cool.
haaha
:D
Actually yes, Spike deserves a plushie :D
... wut
alot
My hypothetical 12 year old daughter likes Applejack, Spike, and Twilight Sparkle
burn it
wtf
HATE
Hate....
NONE ATA ALL
SPIKE A DICK
I am fine, thanks.
holly shit they r scary
love
Yay Spike gets some love!
Thats a dragon?
randomly skype...
He would LOVE THAT DRAGON
BURN IT
None!
zoom in
HATE
no
yes
HATE
NUUUUUU
NO
BURN
HATE IT
what is up with that unicorn?
cant see it well enough
Hates the dragon, would like the unicorn
XD
Love the dragon
Listening to Gungor.
they r fuckin scary
BURN IN HELL
well if its terrible then hate
Well, this is 'Build a Bear'. Doesn't have to be show accurate.
BURN
burn
The unicorn is fucking creepy.
05,15He loves the unicorn
dat unicorn is horrible xD
burn them all
BURN
05,15He wants it
BURN IT BEFORE IT LAYS EGGS!!!!
HATE
Build a Bear need MLP toys hit that one when you get to it
BURN IN HEL
I've seen a few of them
he loves the unicorn
G1 Unicorn
Don't know who/what that is :P
He also loves the unicorn
<.<
BURN IN HELL
that plushie needs to be condemned
The unicorn isn't all that bad
IT'S G3
He wants the Unicorn inside of him.
MLP!
wait its g1
gtg by
kill them with fire
MLP characters of course
we have enough g3 for today
JUST MLP
MLP
mlp
MLP
05,15Shitty ones
they stop just short of the women having an orgasm on the commercial
mlp
kill it with fire
05,15cheaper
xD
MLP
I'm going to go with MLP
mlp
LOL
mlp
Ponies!
brb supper
MLP
Your children are spoiled and fussy as hell. =<
Male
Ponies always win
Where? :O
GIRL
Male
Girl~
pcik both
Male
girl
MALE
both
05,15Undecided
Girl
girl
Good question
:)
H8TE
im a pony
or girl
BOTH
Stallion.
girl
GIRL
05,15Gary Oak
Fluttercry: :D
prof is doing the survey
GIRL
PROFESSOR OAK QUESTION!!!
COLT
GIRL
:D
Stallion. You only pose as a mare.
girl
girl :D
Allegr0: your an IT
Mare
GIRL
you can be whatever you want to be
Hemaprodite?
u have no gender :)
GIRL
Other
At least there is 50% that you right
XD
asain
lol
hahah
asian
lol
xD
Just be honest about this plox
Be ALL the races!
Wow NewSuperBronyU|FOOD is gonna get a tummy ache with all the food he's been eating all these hours. :'(
OTHER
=L
be an asian
OTHER
Say Eqyestria!
05,15What
youre a black alicorn with a red cutie mark
AASIAN
Sweden
05,15You live in What
Whooooooooooooooo
lol
yay canterlot
xD
ASIAN
Pegasopolis?
XD
BURUNDI
ASIA
mmm, food.
XD
Tartarus?
Lol troll survey
:P
lol
What are you doing here?
Sounds epic :)
on stream
tonight we dine in hell
enterplay is gonna release troll plushies for troll surveys
BRB
05,15oh hai Lyra
xD
LYRA'
zoom in
...
When are you gonna do the question of the week?
so i can see it better
What remix O.o?
D:
zis is very steroetypical no
We're apparently having deformed baby dragon and unicorn for dinner.
I dunno whats going on
never mind haha
Yeah
yeah ... what are you talking about, what have i missed D:
So blurry
yay
Doesn't the Build-a-Bear stations allow customizations to teddy bears?
Kandarihu: Yep
Suprised Gigabit's not here, since he was in the chat for Scoot's interview earlier this afternoon
Zoom in plz?
xD
yay gmail .com
so whats happened to all answers before?
05,15and now a word from our sponsers
lol aol keyword
aol... lol
that still exists
AJIsAwesome, right. If they're gonna get the MLP license, they need to allow customers to make physical plush OCs
...
:O
/me tries to read the blurry words
yay octy
poop
Where does he work?
What was the email?
boop
6;I guess your week was made Cades xD
I deed naht poot
oh shit
Allegr0: yes
Scoots is so cute in this pic..
pixelperfectponyshow@gmail.com
maybe
oh my
Heart is worst power. :P
Lol, Tim Turner
CAPTAIN PLANET HES A HERO
it is :P
Captain Planet...
6^^
05,15It was today
GONNA TURN POLLUTION DOWN TO ZERO
Captain Planet is best captain
Oh, Captain Planet? Yeah but he died of global warming.
ive got 6 secs delay D:
CAPTAIN ghostler
he's a hambone
@pixelponyshow
what we do with this email?
SKOODOLLO
Derpy_Hooves: :D
Noob709 you silly
:P
Derpy_Hooves: You're going to make him go cans.wav on you
minecraft time for me!
Captain Planet and the Day after Tomorrow
I saw that. :D
Who's streaming?
Allegro is
brb
Gah I want a skype
6x)
ge tit xD
get it*
Awww Scoots! :3
oh ok
05,15Now I'm sad again. Thinking about abridged stuff reminded me that the Nostalgia Critic is over
:p
It looks so whimsical and amazing
8
12
You confuse me with all them 2 episode and 7 offical
I think AVGN movie is a scam
In honor of teh Captain Planet anniversary Allegr0 should sing the theme song
Fluttercry: over? hes quitting?
Who is captain Planet?
xD
Fluttercry yeah same here.....
every excuse is good excuse
Hello, I kind of went elsewhere because you were at supper.
Bai everypony!
Bye Derpstar !
Allegr0: STAR WARS PONY!
<.<
dat mace windu
that star wars pony
bye Derpstar
Allegr0 is a Twilight fan
So Gigabit is over with someone's RL OC; Terrabit?
Bye Derpstar! :)
05,15twilight_sprinkle with that series. He's starting something new now
He's a nerd, he wants revenge on the wolrd
bye Derpstar
ah k
Good to see you people.
6^^
What's goin' on here/
no zey dont
alright NOW im gonna eat supper :P brb
skype can crash down in a burning ball of flame
I miss MvM, makes me wish I had a good computer to play it on
MaxTheBrony An old cartoon made by the fart who directed Pagemaster.
Allegr0: Seaponies
Allegr0: I agree with seaponies
linsett whos pagemaster?
xD
should I come save you?
has anyone gotten the discord whooves desktop pony?
Allegr0: cupcakes?
Aller0 Dont talk behinde Gigabits back
Dat PON3
*sigh
Okakkay.
YEAAHHH
DAT TWILIGHT :D
Lets talk about Lyra now?
To reading!
Books wil turn you on
1/8?
awww snap
Sure hope that we don't find them NSFW pics in there Allegro :)
whousre
thats harsh
MaxTheBrony: IKR
I didn't catch the "yes"s in chat, but I caught everyone going "Girl" or "Male".
it should be 4/7 at least
Allegr0 SING THE CAPTAIN PLANET THEME SONG
DerpyMuffins: 8 bits in a byte
Your gigabit evolved to gigabyte
What's Allegr0's favorite book?
http://bronycan.com/index.html
I own all of them.
MaxTheBrony Movie with Macauly Culkin.
Allegr0 Do books really turn you on?
WHERE
/me Squee
i live in canada
what would be more worth it? Unicon or Cruise to Mexico or Alaska? /)-_-(\ cant decide!
4/7 of 8 is about 5
05,15beepbeepitybeepbeep
C7 WAZUUUUP
I don't live in Canada. :(
nothing much right now
linsett Who is Macauly Culkin xD
Gigabyte is 1024 * 8 Gigabits.
Surprised canadians.
whoisstreaming
Fluttercry is a Spy! I mean bot
Nah nah you need to use Mate and Oi alot
:)
wait no
DAT CANADA OC
MaxTheBrony: oi mate
its so good
love and tolerance bro
cowvarkian: Oi oi :)
Bronycan, oh real original. >_>
:D
auzy auzy?
i volunteer
05,15lol best con ever
dat luna
:D
XD
Fluttercry: totally
its in BC
Canada OC? Her mane and tail are growing but at the same time it's shedding like crazy.
sadface
i live in alberta
canadian Celestia...Canieghdia? lol
xD
Like I said there's nothing right now but it'll fill up
MaxTheBrony Famous 90s child actor. Watch the Nostalgia Critic's review of Pagemaster or Richie Rich and you'll see what his acting style is like.
Allegr0: seems legit
...
well im going to sleep
linsett ah :) thanks for giving me answers!
What broswer Allegr0 using?
/me wants to sign up for Summer Bronycon 2013
ngiht, Pikachu :)
MaxTheBrony: He was the kid in the Home Alone films
*night*
JESmith: Ohhh
DerpyMuffins: looks like chrome
MaxTheBrony Welcome, and yes.
nope
I'm from Frenchy Canada
night everyone
Im British
It's cold in Canada... I think!
NIght Pikachu
But french
D:
Québec is a silly place
bye Pikachu
Noob709, not really
I'm from Louisiana crap.
what's being streamed
Rustymeat: so ive heard
O.o
05,15Gundam Pony?
slenderman or slendermane who will win?
Love and tolerate
:)
There is a magnifier tool for Windows, the streamer should use start using that.
Transformers, more than meets the eye
xD
:D
SING THE TRANSFORMERS THEME!
Gundam is Magic
whats happening now
Lol. Wut
There was a 3 months college and university strike in Québec
:D
is Allegr0 trying to fill out the time xD?
There's only two seasons in Scotland: Winter, and Winterer.
ah
Amuro Ray is a brony?
<.<
05,15lol drinking
hahah
xD
LOL
dat theme music
dat vodka
lol
lmao dat singing
Dat crazy singing
Ponies cant drive silly
Great. Streaming under the influence...
DADADADA
still hear
That's Allegr0's theme song. :D
baack srry i dont need to sleep :)
friends dont let friends stream drunk Allegr0
05,15Sir, I'm going to have to ask you to step out of the stream
Dat smirnoff :)
...
Fluttercry: :D
lol...
hahah
Lol
final before he gets another one
Fluttercry: xD
NOPE
nope
I don't think so.
dont cross the streams lol
naah
No. You lift it with your teeth.
05,15License and registration sir
everything is a screw cap if you apply enough force
not a screwca[
haha
your right (no your not)
Dont drink and stream :)
Please step out of the stream sir
whoo
:O
Allegr0: put the bottle top on the table, and hit it with your palm
Epic Mech
Allegr0 no drinking in the stream, bronystate rules.
YES
by chuck mordis XD
More like she's wearing armor
HELL YEAH
3 beers?
Where is your liver man?
so, plastered half way through it?
Hey, we maybe can get you enought drunk to sing a whole song for us :)
...
How many admins are here?
hahah
Just asking.
cider
Allegr0: dat math
whoo, Alcohol FTW
05,15Woah
Rd drunk :)
NICE
05,15go back
:O
ponysider
Everything's better with alcohol.
Woah..................:O
Ohhhhhhhh!
Go back
Dayum
ragnoros pony?
I don't believe in Alchohol making streams cooler.
05,15Go back I think we missed something there
1
What was that?
RAGNAROS!?
Hellfire, dark fire
needs ponysiders
No
Call Upon the Fire Ponies
hahah
:D
lolol
Allegr0: you can find more cool stuff on 20pc :3
O.o
wow
What the
what
lol
Waaa
NSFW pic
xD
lol
omg
wtf are you talking about?
I CALL UPON THE PONYSIDER
You bronies are sick.
Lol, naughty naughty
You guys dont get it?
Sounds entertaining.
Noob709: look who's talking
hahaha
xD
naughty naughty pinkie
Noob709: It's a joke. Calm down. :P
she looks more disappoint
or possibly in pain
Get her off the screen.
Noob709: that Twi is for you
umad twilight?
She makes me sad.
Allegr0: just browse for like 10 minutes or less :3
all my wants
<.<
Oh fuck yeah
xD
:D
Pinkie Shep
:D
We'll party,ok?
hahah
05,15Twilight would never use a mac
lol twilight
Lol. Damn Macs
mac sucks
This is commander Shepard and AJ is teh pony in all of Equestria
Twilight is more of a PC than Mac
you need a dovahshy picture
OMG there's point now wholl go home well just see IT'S CAAAAAAAAKKKKEEEEE AAAT SSTTTAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKKKKKKEEE/um hello everyone
best*
Twilight would use Linux
PC MASTER RACE
She'd totally use linux
Ahhh
You should kiss your moms with your 'rub my g-string' nonsense and see what happens.
Aaaw shit
:D
pretty cool
Nocturne, damn staight
Noob709: ok
Luna as Noctrune
is there a skutim crossover with fluttershy
Actually, don't do it.
skyrim*
Noob709 how is it possible to kiss anything with that?
Noob709: Like we said, it's a joke. Take it easy. :P
What's going on?
lol totally Allegr0
thats deep bro
Allegr0: isnt that how things work?
I get you
That made sense.
what is this!
New pic!
05,15I have a book about Java 7 for beginners, but I haven't started using it yet
fluttershyFTW, plenty
:D
Noob709: stop being a noob
Flow chart a solution!
oh
I hear words!!!
Guys, stop consoling me. That's how I know I'm trolling.
AVENGER
hahaahah
hell yea
DAT SPIKE
xD
13[20:36] [@Fluttercry] Twilight would never use a mac
I have that one too!
spike?! o_O
13twi would use linux ofc
derpy advice #19 it doesnt matter how bad the art is it matter on how fast you move youre mouse so get a good mousepad
Holy shit that's amazing
13she has a hacker's heart
three words FUS RO YAY
/me murders flutterchu
MANEvengers assemble!
Noob709: cool story bro
miss tab
THATS A COOLPICYUTE
Noob709: Then troll harder. :P
/me murders fluttershyFTW
Programming is easy
/me uses fus ro yay on bronysith
All you do is type some stuff
A giga?
:D
She?
fluttershyFTW: doesnt work cause only cool attacks can hurt me
lol
what is a she
Buff Sike
Yay! :)
Oh yeah
haha
I am teh INvisible man
That's She with a capital S, btw.
Allegr0, I have a challenge for you
That is amazing
Buff Spike lol
is dead
:
INVISIBLE HOW YOU CAN
when did Allegr0 start speaking?
hell yes
That's awesomeeeeee
awww :9
Ikr?
i wonder if thatll work
dammit
http://i.imgur.com/7BLbc.jpg Tell me what this picture reference
lol favorite colors MUFFINS :D
:(
500bit is cheap
05,15I have a challenge. 100 McDonalds Chicken Nuggets in 100 Minutes
noooooooooooooooooooooooo
Allegr0: do the cinamon challenge?
05,15NOBODY CAN DO IT
CrimsonPhoenix: oh my god!!
xD
I would post that picture all over the college dorms. :D
Allegr0: god damn it thats not what I mean....
Fluttercry: orly? Challenge considered
...
:p
ew
Do the banana sprite challenge lol
Allegr0 you have no idea
i can eat like 8
xD
Fluttercry: ive done 10 in 9 minutes
I will die
05,15You can use any sauce
500 bits! :O
you will die
05,15any sauce and any drink
^
Ranch? its all about that hot sauce
>_> i could do it <_<
Rustymeat: (flutterchu is already dead)
CrimsonPhoenix: Praise the Sun!
Ranch and Dr. Pepper. hell yes
Call 555-PONY
lol Dovah
Ranch makes school lunch food tolerable
CrimsonPhoenix: Allegr0 won't join in jolly cooperation with me :(
Chick-fil-a is good.
I tried D:
Dovah pony
hell yeah
:)
whoo
Oh yeah!
and dovahshy
Yay!
Dovah lol
FUS RO yay~
Allegr0, please tell me what this picture reference http://i.imgur.com/7BLbc.jpg
?
05,15So fraking tasty. So is Zaxbys
Politics! I have opinions!
haha
STAR WARS
xD
FUS RO yay
Epic
linsett, exactly
Love the droids!
linsett: until we ofend someone
Allegr0, you are awesome
CrimsonPhoenix: praise the sun~! /)
Allegr0: star wars ponies ftw
*offend
PRAISE THE SUN
thats how I won my border lands key :3
Really, the ONLY reason I'm not going out to Chik-Fil-A more is because I only really get out of the house on Sunday.
FunFact: Dovah means Dragon (singular) in the language of the Dov (the species) Dovahkiin is the guy who kills Dovah's
Chick-fila's seasonal shakes (The Peach in summer and Peppermint Chocolate Chip in December) are pretty damn tasty
Allegr0: dark souls is awesome game, game of the year 2011 for sure
someone new came and they left while i was eating supper :/
These are not the Ponoids you're looking for :)
Allegr0: why did you let Gigabit touch your eithernet port!?!
So cute
heart explodes
JESmith: i dont like chick fil a, they support murder of gays
What's awesome is that still images don't lag the stream.
D: amazing
but she would be too afraid of getting caught to actually hack anything
lol
cowvarkian We still have the right, now let's stop discussing politics. This is a show about ponies
Hell yeah, Pinkie and the Brain reference.
Old SF member
pinkie and the pie
Flutters and the brian~
08,01isn't Chick-Fill-A that company that was actively discriminating against gay people?
what we always do rainbowdash we try to take over the world
Bronysith: i heard about that
lol
Fuck yes~~~
FUCK YEAH
Unnr, they aren't discriminating.
oh these
my admitted limited understanding was that they support traditional marraige
Damn I missed 40 minutes of the stream :'(
That must be a hardcore coloring book
I NEED THE LINK
O.o
NEED PICTURE Allegr0
08,01oh oh!
Thanks Rainbow!
They were being close minded asshats, happy?
:D
I need to learn logic gates
Woah
08,01i have seveal things to tell you guys!
Dat Flutter
/me heart explodes
Unnr, you're being close-minded about it
yes
Holy crap
I NEED LOGIC GATES
Oh, boy!
08,011) i ate a zecora burger today
:O
A zebra Burger?!?
Your gay? :O
they don't "discriminate against" in service, but if you give them service they might be giving money to groups that will push for anti-gay legislation
O.o
Must....make.....wallpaper
What the?
Jk. :D
... Zecora burger?
08,012) i saw the red arrows and found myself waiting for them to do a sonic rainboom
:o rose has a blankflank
08,013) i had several committee members over for dinner
D:
cowvarkian: does it matter?
08,01zecora burger = zebra burger
Poor Pon-3
ahhhh i see what he did there
08,01as in, a burger made from zebra
ohhhhh
No, toally a blank flank.
Aaahhhh
dat ass
I see the flower
I see a very pixelated flower :)
Where in the world did you find ground zebra?
I don't see.
Dat asss
Dat plot
Nooo I dooooont
thats csi sht right there
lol
I see the cutie mark
Dat ass
I see it
08,01Unnr: they were selling it at the airshow
you're funny :)
lol
Bahaha!
wow
butter pony
Buttershy :D
WHAT
hahahah
Buttershy
/me eats buttershy
ill eat you, buttershy.
That's so cute <3
it taste like chicken
^
no
Aww where's Gigabit? :/
08,01MadSurge: kinda like gamey horse
6DDD: No!
i dont wanna eat that
I have that pic!
THats awesome :O
epic
It's 2am, but I don;t care. This is so entertaining.
Who is coming?
Tallgeese vs Epyon?
Yayyyy
The guest is coming.
Female Gigabit!?
08,01MadSurge: not as strong a taste as venison, certainly
Kinda looks like those
O.o
By flight.
08,01but getting there
:o
R64 Giga?
Or blimp.
AWWWWWW
oh boy
GIGA!?
speaker forn
:D
Allegr0, REVENGE
Yay, gigas here
omg he is alive!!!
derpy advice #20 since Bronysith thinks flutterchu is a ragdoll he realizez %^&'s dead so if you dont want to mention the nice shy yellow pony fluttershy or the small cute yellow mouse pikachu, cause he hates it
This is your chance
REVENGE
gigabit lives
D:
Its ded
alexxm huzzah
his internet
aww nothing blew up
Question, if your drunk trolling on stream does it break the rules?
D: poor Giga
Tell him that we Wuw him :)
whats going on?
Allegr0: this is similar to the spike pic you put up. its very fowl but hillarious. but not pony related http://derpy.me/erf4r
HURRY UP
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
Glad to hear from him!
who is it
DOoor?
Allegr0: i know who it is :3
CUE THEME MUSIC!
giga
hi Derpy_Hooves
Woah , Allegro got company :3
hehehe theme
:P
hahah
Who could it be?
i KNOW exactly who it is
i know who it is
who is it
ohai rina chan
Allegros sister?
Who is it?
:)
:o dun dun duuuuun
ooooh
..............................
knew it...
ouch
:D
Your girlfriend
hmmm
?
ohhh
Derpy_Hooves: lol
so tired
lol
I'm so confused...
AHHHHHh
your married?
:P
XD
Oh that makes sense
:P
dog
?
:D
I dun knoooow
sowwy
How long have you been with her?
you will eventually be married
bronies dont know stuff about girls
cousin?1
How do relationships?
It's the line between lovers and spouses.
fiance= soon to be married
It implies marriage in the future.
its his Yay buddy
LIAR
it does
:D
Reactor: how do vocabulary
twilight_sprinkle: Yes, of course. :P
cant really do anything ^&4's dead
HI FIANCEE
I'd like to fetch a girlfriend soon. Maybe in a year or two.
She's a Waifu.
Awww, Allegirlfriend! :)
cowvarkian: Not sure
Hey guys
im alive!
05,15One day I'll be cool enough to have a Significant Other
xDF
awwww
Hehe, that's adorable xD
"I'm taken, linsett" lol imma minor~
I think I'll wait. I have college to think about. :D
Hi Lyra`.
linsett: :D
okay, how did you propose to her?
Dat metaphor
ohai, Lyra`! :P
Allegr0, NEW CHALLENGE
O_O
Hello Lyra` :P
xD
i dont >.<
Allegro dun need two hands
anyone ever have that feeling like it would be nice to cry?
tell me what this picture references http://i.imgur.com/2Sv3E.jpg
Lyra would like to borrow your other hand :P
she's calling you out on your bluff, Allegr0
xD
...
The OTHER chair
So who is the guest?
havent cried in 4 years,
Other Chair! WOOO
Lyra`: Yep.
CrimsonPhoenix: i know it but i dont know it
Go cut some onions then
Allegr0 should be ashamed
...
haha
Why don't you introduce the chair?
Yeah Dont leave out the chair
introduce me to the chair
Haven't cried in twice that.
and i wont tell people you got shot.
wat
05,15it's already a sweet story
awww
There are times I've wanted to cry though.
Especially recently.
Dem pokemons!
Same here.
<.<
Pokemon, yeaaaaahhhhh!~ :D
Stealthenly?
:P
Oh my
lets have a cry party :3
/me hugs Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord, ill hug you while you cry
awwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Sounds epic O.o
OMG that is so cute!
awww thats cute
D'awwwwwwwww
Awwwww
Dat burp just ruined the moment Allegr0
So cute proposal :)
;)
Aw. <3
aww
haha aw
You propose with a pack of pokemon cards...? O_o
brb
proposed*
whats cute, what did i miss?
awwww
haha
LOL
YOU ARE A KING AMONG MEN, Allegr0.
05,15awww.....oh god I'm forever alone
awww, that's so cute!
back
05,15DAMN YOU
xD
that was great, well played
Fluttercry: you're welcome
Awwww :3 it's a cute story
d'aww :D
Well played good Allegr0 well played.
I love it when geeks do marriage proposals like thisl.
Allegr0: Have you ever really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
this.
Fluttercry: theres a time and a place for everything
/me slow claps "well played Alleg0 well played"
I dont trust her whispering :p
holy shit, internetcatchphrase, do you ever stop talking?
oh wrong chat
:D
my bad
lol
http://youbentmywookie.com/wookie/gallery/0411_wtf/pokemon-proposal.jpg
albums what?
lol dat bottle opener
Lol
MEOW
lol
Yeah Allegr0 go make your girl fetch stuff
you bastard
Let the alcohol flow!
oh is it the radio show?
:P
Allegr0: why do you keep saying Val? hes not here
Allegr0: go to the one before that
Lyra`, podcast, yes.
Allegr0: where do you get these pics?
brb
so damn tired
Episode 2, 7 and some more just but this is not the official but its official and so on , makes me confused :)
lol
Favorite beer?
I didn't even know what I was watching. It's just...strangely endearing.
WHAT?
...
You're terrible, Allegr0 :D
Who needs Prostitution?
AJIsAwesome: not nearly
...
read this coloring page out loud
i demand it
2,14 trying, but failing
all of us do.
DUN DUN DUUUUUN
Trust: it's very important in a marriage.
oh that Commander Pinkie pic caused so much butthurt on facebook it was hilarious
O.o
:D
Spectrum_Rush: IKR? :D
Don't mess with the Pinkie.
HELL YEAH PINKIE
talk about friendship
lmao
:D
You gotta hear this Text with this voice or you'll not understand the "backstory"
Pinkie stats
Pinkie Pie is HxC
Context
I can't wait for Fluttershy's colring page.
What album?
oh hey, its Allegr0
Why don't you have a seat over there?
that one guy
What is this
RIght over there, why ont have a seat?
Barely have the access to the right color of pink for the party wench.
and got so far
Daw
:)
*don't you*
but in the end, it doesnt even matter
<3
lol
xD
Allegr0: dat tf2 <3
lol
Heavy Twilight
Derplight
Lol
Ponies. All of them, crazy.
oof, Allegr0 has a cute voice
anyone else notice that?
Allegr0: YOU NEED ONE OF THESE http://img254.imageshack.us/img254/2056/img1281t.jpg
SQUEE MOTHATRUCKAS
Man this sucks, I have to go. :<
oh hai!
I demana fluttershy impression
preferably squees
bye everyone and Allegr0 too
XAX: its porn
its not porn
Bye oni_link|TF2 !
XAX - was i the only one that saw Fluttershy's "you're going to love me" face in that picture?
LOL
unfortunatly :(
SQUEE MOTHATRUCKAS
xD
Allegr0, now why aren't you in our GW2 guild?
the opener part looked like FS's mouth to me
Oh.
MirrorImage: iunno .-.
you can do it babe
I mix stuff up.
awww
I'm trying to send my bottle opener through the screen, but it just won't let me!
aww
yay
Your Fiancee can do it :) if she wish.
now, hug.
DAWWWWWWWWWWWWW
yay~
Allegr0: 45 minutes ago, did i just hear you say you need money for an cord for xbox live?
Forgive my obliviousness.
Allegr0: did she just brign you a beer?
Use your soft voice to imitate Fluttershy! It's rather easy.
We can hear everything
i can't
smirnoff is awesome
Allegr0: you made your fiance open your beer? wow man
muted laptop
.
What's up everypony?
1 base?
O.o
Sing Axl Rose?
What's going on?
Allegr0: do the heavy voice
Bronysith: no, vodka
Hey Dusty
Who's talking?
:3
it's fine to ask nicely
Allegr0 is
:)
Axl Rose! It's soft as a flat soda!
Dusty: Allegr0
hi Allegr0
You should be nicer to her Allegr0
Allegr0: FACE.
MEOW.
Lol, I mix you two's abilities up, forgive my obliviousness
Get it?
Now?
Meow?
Shit.
I'm smart.
Meow
guys
http://derpy.me/ou25G
mooo
do it
nyaa
well ok bye everyone
toy story
lol
Highpitched guy and Lowerpitched Dude , sounds like some missmatched Comic hero.
:D
so damn tired
Lol I love that movie
Luna Discord and idk
Its Luna fighting for her life
bye
HELL YEAH GO DISCORD
that looks awesome
Allegr0, i challenge you!
Lier!!
do the 68 whisky challenge!
hello
XAX: Why would I do that? Maybe I did that but I don't know about it period.
Walmart's pony section yay
I know you drink!
YOu dont need to be sober to go to Wal mart
hey
Bourbon or Whisky?
:O
XAX posted a good image there.
but im a whisky
Allegr0: i challenge you to do the heavy voice
a 68whisky
What's your favorite beer?
i save lives
kinda a big deal
:3
sanvich
You should upload a video of you and Gigabit going down the "little girls toy section" of Walmart.
kermit xD
*facepalm*
/me facehoof
bye Allegr0, btw my name is a parody based off NewSuperBronyU|FOOD 's name
CIDER :O
You could do a decent Batman.
You like wine?
YES
i preffer apple acres cider
DO Batman
works everytime
for a second there ya sounded like Fred Fredburger from Billy and Mandy :D
Oh Baby :P
Have you played the Megaman Battle Network Series?
I love Woodchuck cider
DO BATMAN THEN
doit!
everypony is best pony
do it!~
:O
:D
oh my
Oh, mai
Moustache :D
I KNOW ALLEGRO GOT MUSTACHE NOW
Allegr0 - just get a Webcam
eww
You have a stache? Fuck yes
AHuuu
Allegr0: read through this http://i.imgur.com/Jgxp4.gif
you have a mustache?!
SWEAR TO ME!!!
mustach, kind of a turn off babe
brb, gonna get pizza
We know the Truth now!!!1
Allegr0 can you say "I AM ZUBATMAN!" in a batman voice? lol
BOOOOO
do the batman voice
05,15hey that's my pic on steam
We all know you have a mustache
this is awesome
well, now im jealous
xD
can i be engaged to her?
HE GOT A BEARD ASWELL?
What's going on?
oh, wait, thats not legal in your country :(
Silver: It's GORGEOUS
Allegr0: What more havent you told me!?
I just came in, are you taking questions or something
question mark
Hot Blooded Pinkie PIe?
applejack looks a little...
Allegr0 is pedobear :P
GIGA?!
O.o
fluttershy uses fus ro yay
OMG
lesbian love! activate!
dat skype
a
GIGA?
GIGABIT?
Giga!
Low voice giga!
00,02hmmm
What IS going on?
dat TTGL picture
We can hear him
increse volume
00,02Meanwhile, you here?
Gigabit
Giga! (glomps)
Seriously, I just got here.
I can here the existence of another voice
hear
No.
fuck
00,02actually i wonder if sumi or wrek are online
00,02Meanwhile, i needs crystal, trade some deterium for it?
Allegr0: read through this http://i.imgur.com/Jgxp4.gif real quick
:3
brb
do you watch doctor who?
How much you need?
05,15Hello Meanwhile the podcast is up
well while they're getting set up then, im'ma getting me some ice cream
Allegr0, http://i.imgur.com/ceOAV.jpg
Ah.
Yeah!
3am here. I don't even care, I'm just sitting here watching this strangely compelling stuff.
nice
Them creepy looking serious ponies
00,0220k, not sure how much you have
AJ's face is scary there
2,14 wut I do?
2,14 oh sure
:)
2,14 fine, I'm just your slave or something
AJ's a little creepy
JESmith: TTGL reference
2,14 I HAVE MORE PERSONALITY THAN FUNCTIONALITY
5.9
2,14 BUT YOU WOULDN'T KNOW
:O
2,14 BECAUSE YOU WORK ME TO DEATH
4 Am here :)
What was that? :S
Allegr0: read through this http://i.imgur.com/Jgxp4.gif real quick, you will get a kick out of this :3
You like steampunk pony pictures?
AJIsAwesome: TTGL?
hahah
such a change
05,15Fluttershy IS best pony
Allegr0 did I hear you say you have a moustache?
2,14 who's kidding? -_-
cute overload
JESmith: Tengen Toppa Gurren Laggan
Human Twighlight?!?
ok what the shit http://www.applejackorchards.com/
:D
what the... I love it!
Omigawd yes XD
00,02ah, probably a bit early for deterium then
3!?
O.o
Ohai GigabitHarmonie! :P
Ah
:)
CrimsonPhoenix, http://i.imgur.com/ceOAV.jpg lol
Ohai GigabitHarmonie !
Hi, GigabitHarmonie! :)
sai GigabitHarmonie
2 earth ponies and a unicorn
hi GigabitHarmonie
AdamTheDuck, I know I wanted to test the site out
how cute
no!
il count them
i dont belive :(
awww
how come i get no Hi's anymore?
1
2
I have 8k deuterium anyways.
3
and i'm back with my ice cream... right as the stream dies
its no fun playing volleyball with a horn head, they always pop it :(
:p
Err, wat?
two words
use your nose silly
nubby horns
back :)
20 secs :o
your back
And we're back.
ALive!
THat was only 18
yep
0,14yeah, you guys are bacl
Yay~
0,14*back
6Son of a waffle.. *shivers*
sooo
fanfic time?
Allegr0 was abusing us D:
The Great Return of Madness........
CrimsonPhoenix: http://i.imgur.com/ceOAV.jpg
mmm waffles...
Spectrum_Rush, I know....I just wanted to test the site out
yes just yes
Build a MARE lol
i wanna build a pony!
I counted 9, actually.
Did your wife hear that Aller0?
10 children would roughly make sense for someone born in 1920
i cant be your child
or it would be weird >.<
well not JUST announced
Dont use your fancy mathmatics on me
but it's there
my family has 8 children
hope its in calgary
0,14Daniel Ingram!
You're going to Canada? Take me with you!
05,15Bane?
Wifu
:)
Lol my birthday was last Monday
yay
Here's hoping that by the time Allegr0's first child is 3 years old, Build-a-Bear will be doing custom OC pony plushies.
Dat Flutter Voice!
Wrong Derpy Allegr0
:D
????
lol
6I miss waffles..
Fluttershy is Waifu. What do?
Finally the Fluttershy impression I wanted
xD
Don't know how I feel about being a waifu...
Oh My...
Not Brony News But does anyone Know if Power Puff Girls are coming Back?
haha
:) *is not a writer* Be greatful :P
back evrypony
Fanfic time?
Wb fluttershyFTW
how are things fluttershyFTW
Allegr0 looked deep into _____'s eyes, their passion filling the room with every beat of their hearts
i knew i said i was going to beat up a deathclaw but seriously fallout right in front of the k-mart on my second quest ? Not Cool
i do too :(
Lyra' wth
I hate that game
good alexxm
Allegr0 fanfic :3
wb fluttershyFTW
explain it!
Lyra' O_O
So, this was a thought experiment? Was the whole point of the oddly timed business meeting for the thought experiment?
it was clean
drived?
calm down~
Lyra': ah
you mean drove
6Same with pancakes,cupcakes,muffins,kraft dinner and Idk what else.. ._.
LOL
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JWa0kkIRumk&list=FLWnyuU445EaPQ-ZUWQYpQew&index=5&feature=plpp_video
oh bad memory Lyra' plush :(
2,14 no non-image links
yeah
gah!
Dr_Arcea: how is that associated?
How are you GigabitHarmonie ?
:)
all that fails and lols
alls of them?
Oi, Allegr0, someone said you have a moustache.
losed window
now you both read the chat, and talk to us?
im okay with that.
GigabitHarmonie: do the fluttershy voice
ops closed window
Why are you singing the air force theme song?
Minecraft isin't a game, it's a sandbox!
xD
6I half wanna live there again..There was so much more.. x3
hahah
No
awwwwwwwww
But I'm in a dorm............:(
HELL YEAH MINECRAFT
2,14 oh god :P
Minecraft? Allegr0 get the fuck over in my minecraft wold and help me find some damn slime!!
TO THE END
i dont care about your noodle neck pillows, i dont give a FUCK about your lumbar
That sounded kinda posh.
I don't want to know
oh hey it is GigabitHarmonie ...PREPARE FOR THE HUG OF YOUR LIFE
http://imgur.com/gallery/NeOAx
Live where?
One day they'll manage it without getting sex-line breathy.
Do any of you watch doctor who?
6Canada :P
:)
Gee. ponypower came on just to link that video, and he didn't even have the courtesy to apologize or stick around... for months.
GigabitHarmonie, WHY
05,15Gigabit noooooo not those!
sometimes weeping_pegasi82
Canada's awesome :P
Yes, resident evil sucked...
6Indeed ^^
Oh god why
Oh, my. THOSE MOVIES. :D
cool
Allegr0: DOnt see them
xD
At least until the 4th movie
hahaha
/me jumps into teh atmosphere and comets on the way down glomping into GigabitHarmonie creating a crater in the earth as a sonic rainboom is created overhead that pierces the heavens
Humanity destroyed? Better ravage the world for any aliens
2,14 hey man, boots need to be polished
Alpha Minecraft :)
6After living there stuff here seems kinda lame.. :P
man i HATE the RE movies w/ a passion /)_- lol
...
Eventually you'd get bored and make the army fight itself.
What?
HAY GUYS!
I never knew you used to live in canada :P
Hello Flootahshy
i am going to shave your beard connen
sup Flootahshy
Heyo Flootahshy
LOTR, which movie is the best?
Ohi Flootahshy
6:P I lived there for two years ^^
hi Flootahshy
/me turns Flootahshy into butter
You need to get a new squire ! :D
Hai Flootahshy
doctor detroit welcomes you.
Ohshit. totally forgot about the PPPS.
haha
2,14 Allegabit
Giglegmel>
Gigallegro sounds like some sort of sprinting robot.
oh god
6I got a sudden want for Doritos.. ._.
all in favor of a revolt say ate
are we shipping these two?
aye*
/me sigh
Wait. How did I become butter?
?
I thought you were sleeping Caramel
DO IT?
:)
"Do it?" Oh My...
Do what?
Do it?
ill round up some authors
haha
"DO IT" :O
What?
XD
DO IT? :O
2,14 I tried, but some assholes are throwing a pool party outside
Giga Allemel
wait how do i pm again?
Poor choice of word Allegr0
OMG
42
Allegr0: And everyone will go to wikipedia for the answer.
Alt-f4 :)
kirzstryfe: /)
For PM
oh
05,15oh I'm ready
Naaha
my body is ready
yay
Go for it
/me cracks his knuckles
Dubble click Allegr0 name.
0,14les do dis
:P
63
AW SHIT.
darn
....43
4.2?
Zone 52!
41
bad ass
k- mart store, mall i forget the name but is one of the first quest you do and right there a deathclaw on the door
30.1
area 51
hard D:?
What's going on?
GW2 111
great just great
Grind Worlds 2? Boring!
DAMM YOU IWHO EVER SAID ALT F4
2,14 with that constipated voice, not sure I'd want to be your squire :P
novice
3?
YOW CANT BE THAT SPECIFIC!
YOU*
........
I got nothing
05,15*cough*
bolt cloth
fluttershyFTW, at least you learned something
I know nothing about Guild Wars...
@Caramel :cow killer
6Time for more creepiness..
http://fav.me/d5ewlmc This is rubbery
um.......hello everyone
I don't like it
i have no idea what I'm doing
Awwwwwwww yeah!
it's 4:22am, why am I still awake >.>
Allegr0: GigabitHarmonie but will it blend?!
Hello flutterchu
hey flutterchu
:(
aw so close
:(
Your criteria sucks.
Allegr0, section, not scrap :P
anyone up for a revolt
/me Squire_MaxTheBrony
sounds good :)
dont say my name
lol
Congrats MaxTheBrony you are a true neeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrd
i had rawr hide leather scraps >.<
ugh
Aw yeah :)
2,14 bitch please, you smell
lol
MaxTheBrony: Not /me. /nick
he smells delicious
I know :) i failed
is this the picture perfect pony
shush
/me goes rawr
flutterchu: mmmyess
I need to sleep. Goodnight, everyone!
aiight
/me suplexes Allegr0
There we go :)
Night Reactor
hello people :3
anyone up for a revulution ? anyone storming the castle
if we meet, im going to force feed you an NPA
6It has begun..I should probably stop after this one..I'm supposed to go to sleep soon so.. ._.
spasems
I want to see this apparent moustache.
DAMMIT DONT SAY MY NAME
XD
Too late
i see allegr0 and gigabit are streaming
okay, I'll go to bed too >.>
dun dun DUUUUUUUUN!
xD
aww no revolt
Bye Reactor! :)
HAH!
Squires should get voice :|
What are we watching?
I have a cat crawling around my bed, what should I name it
shut up seinfeld
Nuuuuu
Bye ekips! :)
sonicandmario85, each saturday at 9 EST
Also Haku has arrived
it sucks
/me never gets airline food
oof
someone should slap Allegr0
sup [SWAG]Haku
I like air line food
Hug Lyra` everyone.
/me gangnam styles on [SWAG]Haku
OH YEAH
05,15linsett Mr. Mumbles
xD
United Airlines has amzing food.
Hey fluttershyFTW
"pats Squire_MaxTheBrony you did well kid you did well"
tell me a knock knock joke, miss fiance
/me hugs Lyra`
Who pre-ordered their Wii-U?
^-^
tried it and it sucked
CrimsonPhoenix:Captain obvious you saved the day again!
thankies AJIsAwesome
:(
/me gangnam styles with Bronytsith
CrimsonPhoenix: im not retarded
hes a sadist
he has anger issues
Lyra`: No problem. :)
/me Looks up to Dr_Arcea I know O_O
/me huggles Allegr0
Allegr0: http://i.imgur.com/Jgxp4.gif
My slaps hurt...I have hooves
:)
so, i cant see it?
What are we watching?
Allegr0: Dark Souls. Thats why I want you to be slapped...
Allegr0: and me when i meet ya
Allegr0: do you just cover the stache whenever you go outside?
/me dumps butter on Bronysith
xD
it was LYRA!
Allegr0:hello :3
*sigh*
Fluttercry Lol, it's a girl
*slap* dont say my name
/me suplexes GigabitHarmonie
sonicandmario85, Bronysith manners people
Who is this that we are listening to?
HEY GUYS GUESS WHAT
hahah
loyalysyisysyt
DAT STASH
VIVE LA REVOLUTION
So tired, but I will continue till the end!
TODAY'S MY BIRTHDAY
i take offence
So precise!
O.o
Happy B day WindWhistler
What are you doing here?
^
OHSHITMAHPIZZA IS IN THE OVEN.
Happy birthday, WindWhistler!
Omg
:)
My birthday was last Monday...lol
happy B-day Windwhistler
hauncstraila
Today I am 17
Flootahshy:c-can i have a peice?
Can anypony tell me the name of the gangnam style video with the gundam heads?
Canterlot, becAUSE hAKU WOULD VERY MUCH FIT IN WITH THE HIGH CLASS LIFE
brb
haunchstralia
i cant go to equestria celestia doesnt like pokemon
my birthday was in june...
Thanks!
damn caps lock
ha late b-day linsett
Hey what about my birthday?
hes pregnant?
Congrats linsett :)
:o
Allegr0: Dont forget WindWhistler
sonicandmario85: Nope. It's not ready yet. False Alarm.
Thanks everypony!
;)
So no one is going to tell me who's speaking?
...........
okay...
ha your an earth pony
ahaha
:P
oof
They didn't even notice...
a woonacord
/me NEVER wants to visit Cloudsdale
or unicorn or something
/me thinks it's waaaaay to high
read all the answers
...
mrow
Pegasi are my favourites.
/me is forgotten
meow
xD
<.<
Unicorn and the wasp
hahah
okay
:O witch craft
wat
i can play this game with you, wifi
It's MY birthday
oh forget it
GNIGHT EVERYPONY, I need to get into bed before i start seeing things like GigabitHarmonie or Allegr0 riding doctor whooves
I'm just gonna go now
hey my OC is a pegasi
/me hugs WindWhistler <3
Goodnight Bronysith
Bye WindWhistler
Eh, I'm bored but I don't want to go to bed. What do.
AW
I knew it was a bad idea coming here
Night, Bronysith! :)
Bye WindWhistler
flutterchu, by due respect to edd and allI do not like that wallpaper
Noo no , Congrats WindWhistler !
...
night Bronysith
This pencil portrays death... drawing helps me relax.... i always try to draw Bronysith but he always comes out with a lamb face
?
my oc is an earth pony
named after me
:o
:0
lyncast~
anyone think allegr0 and gigabitharmnie should watch rainbow dash presents captain hook the biker gorilla while streaming? and everyone chould see XD its actually rainbow factory but a funnier version
05,15Sometimes you wanna go where everypony knows your name. And they're always glad you came. You wanna be where you can see, troubles are all the same. You wanna go where everypony knows your name
YAYYYYY
finally
Happy birthday!
17 years old? does that means he gets his birthday spanks?
bye Bronysith
Happy Birthday!
YAY HAVE A WAFFLE
CrimsonPhoenix: aiight
I'm a girl!
Happy bday Wind Whister!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU
lold.
and a boot to the face
lol
Fluttercry: dat cheers
Dat song :3
oh baby
HAPPEH BERTHDAHHH!
I'm a girl.
WindWhistler sure gets the short end of the stick every time she shows up.
I already said it but I'll say it again HAPPY BIRTHDAY
:D
Happy Birthday!
I can just imagine the dance to go along with this.
Meanwhile: Exactly.
OH GOD ITS ALSO MY BIRTHDAY
Allegr0 As your squire i Aprove this song.
Approve*
Birthday count: 1!
I'm probably the youngest brony here
derp
lol that totally cheered me up
I dont even
can't stop laughing oh so mean and funny
BEST BIRTH DAY SONG EVER XD
05,15cowvarkian thank you for getting that
Oh hey my birthday is in December.
xD
Dr_Arcea: How is that mean?
Fluttercry: you're welcome
weeping_pegasi82 how old are you?
It was Mah birthday 3 days ago :)
weeping_pegasi82 Nah, I think I am.
oh mai
I'm 15
That voice is molesty.
happy chat day?
My 18th brithday is October :(
mistakeing you for a male
haha
batman needs to sing happy birthday
O.o
hahah
My 16th is in June..next year
worst excuse ever xD
flutterchu, in all seriousness this is exactly as Hoity Toity would say "a piled-on mish-mash of everything but the kitchen sink"
Well back to Professor Layton
Fluttercry was filmed in front of a live studio audience.
my birthday was in august 18th this year
...
http://media.photobucket.com/image/recent/lassie_faire/GIF%2520central/Applause/applause.gif
no
WindWhistler, which one?
CrimsonPhoenix: Last Specter
its not pernacued right
...
ooooh neat
no spelling
oh
im not a boy
Well so far most people on this chat remembered I'm a girl.
How does one make a more obviously gendered name outside of actual names?
http://derpy.me/Jxx-G
NO GENGER?! THEY ARE AUTOMATICALLY MALE
LassMchasboobs.
WindWhistler, my favorite is still Unwound Future
but i dont like boys
im a girl!
and I cannot wait for the Mask of Miracle
BRB
Time for science lecture my friends. My friends :) :D
flutterchu: Eddsworld?
eww, penis
Who?
They are automatically assigned Hideyoishi gender.
rule there are no girls on the internet
Flootahshy: yes
oh no
Lets read this :)
Franek12354: Yay! :)
:O
im a bro
You did me?......you do know I'm a minor right?
O.o
Oh, mai......................
:o
http://www.cotodevaldes.com/Imagenes/Arcea.jpg
Prepare your anus?
dat voice
G.I.R.L. guy in real life
CrimsonPhoenix: That one made me cry like a baby. ;-;
Dovah, im a soldier, i just happen to be female.
*snort* *snort*
GigabitHarmonie: my anus is prepared for ya
WindWhistler, that's why I love it so much
that pnch at the end
this is going to be long isn't it?
just....wow
...
xD
Well... good luck
...
Lyra`: cool i'm just refrancing The Rules of the Internet
CrimsonPhoenix: The funny thing was that two days prior to seeing the ending, I had just gotten into the series.
Allegr0:can you and gigabit watch rainbow dash presents captain hook the biker gorilla? its not what the title says its actually rainbow factor exept a funnier version XD
How long is this?
O.o
this sounds like twilight
All the Science
05,15my god.....that totally is a scientific essay
Wow. I think I've come to understand why I've never heard this podcast thing before.
"Radioactivity levels?"
blah blah blah no I'm just kidding!
Aleegr0:factory*
Equestria is nuclear?
WindWhistler, have you seen the movie yet?
this aint FO:E bro
:D
xD
did i miss my dumb letter?
:D
05,15Dat disertation
CrimsonPhoenix: Yup. Kinda trippy.
:p
It's still awesome
FTW
this is way to long xD
and very respectful to the games
My brain has stopped working.
Dat nerdy acent
Allegr0: do you rember that time when Wrek went insane
I think he looked a little too deep into this...
0,14mfw essay
hey, GigabitHarmonie, wanna come to my house? my mom can make alphabet soup, we can spell dirty words in our soup
CrimsonPhoenix: True. But they made Luke look totally incompetent...
:p
hahah
blend the puzzles aspect with the story very fluidly and well
"In Summary, I would live in Equestria!"
good summarery
Allegr0 whats with the Nerdy acent?
HOLY SCIENCE! Twighlight would be happy!:)
DerpyMuffins: Because bronies
05,15PhD in Equestrian Science
NewBrony2012: opefully
Well Luke was some sort of a novice
NewBrony2012:twilight*
science woona! explain this to me!
and he did get that third uzzle
puzzle**
ahahah
Of course it matters
I lost, you shortened my poem :0
CrimsonPhoenix: True...
Now at the risk of dragging up another session of me being called a dick
:O
BLEH
Why are vampires in twilight sparkle?
Wtf?
XD
Does anyone else not really see the appeal to this podcast thing?
I recieved my Pizza from my oven. What did I miss?
Whats the name of the gangnam style video with the gundam heads?
If the world was run by Utsuho?
weather is kewl
Well... I lost
O.o
...
i liek weather.
sonicandmario85, because SPARKLE SPARKLE SPARKLE
What the
ahahah
Im lost?
Im quite Confused
We'd be doomed if Okuu ran the world.
She'd nuke us all
Hey GigabitHarmonie
deadpool vs gangnam style is hilarious
capital T
SPARKLE SPARKLE SPARKLE
xD
XD
http://derpy.me/RCUKA Allegr0 http://derpy.me/RCUKA
NewBrony2012: Typs in Gundam Style in the serch engine for Youtube
they hate diamond dogs, and zebras, theyre racist and bigots
Giga is ded D:
he left...
lol
Giga is brain dead
DING DONG GIGA IS DEAD
2,14 guy who's as strong as a saibaman says what"
hahah
wait am i supposed to be dead
O.o
...
My brain is so tired...
huh
hnx
did you call him a twat?
whats the email adress
jahhahahaah?
jajajajaja?
GigabitHarmonie:can you two watch rainbow dash presents captain hook the biker gorilla? its not what the title says its actually rainbow factory but a funnier version XD
Lyra`: He called him a Twat.
GOSH DARN IT EVERYTIME I GET ON THIS CHAT I GET DISTRACTED
jajajajajajajajaja
spelling is my weakness
is he reading the older replies first?
CrimsonPhoenix FUCK YEAH SPARKLE SPARKLE SPARKLE
caps locks!
oh yeah bronysith killed me
Back :P
somepony has kinks
oh baby!
why isn't he on the moon?
Oh, no..........
Mine. :$
oh well he isnt here
xD
/me eats celestias cake "oops"
double meaning
Meanwhile: Hmm?
lol
05,15I'm from the south and I find this offensive lol
I feel so embarassed. :$
haha
:)
dont be :)
gday love
Im from offensinve and I find this south
...
This is kinda offensive to the Texans
*offensive
People?
Gigabit and Alleg?
Derpy_Hooves: I think its pretty Texan to the Offensive.
Mm.
AJIsAwesome: do you know if he read my dumb reply yet?
05,15russian adrenaline?
3:37. My brain can't keep up anymore. I'm off.
Again wrong Derpy
Sounds like Texas :D
Ill agree with you then :D
russian bear cavalry
.....................:$
isnt russian adrenaline just vodka?
West Vergina one big happy fammily (no offence intended just a joke)
Allegr0: GigabitHarmonie what's your least favorite thing about twilight sparkle
your fudged
and stuff xD
podcast ?
twilight_sprinkle1: I don't think he did.
0,14Russian adrenaline: now with 20% more vodka
i like treez
AJIsAwesome: k thx
Apparently they call this...whatever a podcast.
SaxyPretender! you stole my joke!
I dont understand it at all.
0,14>_>
time out
now think about what youve done.
Allegr0: Stereotypical Voice count: 1
05,15Allegr0 I love you...but that accent was terrible
...
xD
all the accents
Texas :D
Its not that i hate them. But, i just...dont care for it. and i dont see why everyone goes nuts over it.
*Texan
rough and tumbly
Dat accent was just wrong
i don't really listen to podcast i just watch the stream is about anything specific ?
Manehattan :)
And through no fault of theirs chat at this hour seems to be rather...annoying.
...
Allegr0: i take offense to that accent you used
PINKS MASCULIN
*shrug*
being a texan
Allegr0: i cant go to equestria celestia doesnt like pokemon
DAT LOVE
Meh
05,15as opposed to all the other hours?
wuv
The Cider loves you... DON'T LISTEN TO THE ALCOHOL
xD
at least he hasnt said "shrimp on the barbie" yet
Surprisingly, yes.
all the intimacy
if he does, ill have to end him
They spoiled it for me in the first shows.
Sadly chat is thick at the best of times but right now it's just...schoolyard.
thats fine
Most of our users are kids.
I would find it hilarious of they used a swedish accent when they read the mails. The accent is just funny .
i want to go to the everfree forest
Or teenagers.
LyratheAussie: :(
So, there you go.
2,14 inb4 the new messages are spam
:)
They suck.
you know its true Allegr0
Is anyone else getting The Buffer Show?
AJIsAwesome
18, here :D
brb
rawr!
French , swedish , Germans all these accents are real fun to immitate :)
19.
O.o
thats cool
ghosties
Allegr0: she doesnt like pokemon..........why do you think you dont see any
its ghosties
Slendermane?
LyratheAussie used RAWR! AJIsAwesome fled!
20-ish something
what accent is this?
05,15Meanwhile I seem to recall that you are older than me by a few days
back
2,14 correction: it was all he MANAGED to write
When's your birthday?
xD
theres no such thing as slenderma...
lololol
haha
Allegr0: its ghosties
2,14 before, you know, the kidnapping
/me is back
05,15Brooklyn Rage
I bet it was actually sent by Slendermane
05,15December 24th
I'M OFFENDED
Maximillion Pegasus is a brony now.
HELL YEAH THE TRASHCAN
13th. Get off my lawn.
<.<
MY RATATA IS THE TOP PERCENTAGE OF ALL RATATAS!
05,15OLD MAN
grumpy guy
nice voice
/me PAWNCHES whoever is speaking
1322
xD
13get off my lawn
Back in my day you had to walk five miles to get to chat.
hahah
giant tubs of jelly pony.
night guys
:D
lol
29 *dies*
Night alexxm sleep well :)
13back in my day you had to push the bits onto the wire by hand
He sounds like Nesbit
Night alexxm
night alexxm
Get off my grave.
Mickey Mouse :D
derpy advice #21 celestia has isshues so if you want to go to equestria dont meet her
oh boy, haha
Heh
hoo hoo do some more
13and so tom did
haha
night alexxm
xD
LyratheAussie used Huggles on AJIsAwesome
And back in Nittany's day you probably couldn't communicate with words.
its super effective!
me needs eamil to send lengthey vivid email
that voice...
Back in my day, there was no internet.
Hilarious xD
night alexxm :)
05,15cave paintings
Allegr0 and GigabitHarmonie are on crack.
13they had dirt
XD
13AND THEY WERE HAPPY
x]
/me hugs LyratheAussie :)
alegr0
:P
Stupid Internet. Makin' me CHOOSE ANOTHER NICKNAME!
Go? Their already there
alegr0
Night alexxm
We had to use our mouths and speak.
It was horrible.
Im so l337 and young with mah skrillex, and hip-hop dubstep musicz
my questions arent getting awnserd
GigabitHarmonie, lets hear you do an australian accent, i want to be offended <3
lOL
*drumroll*
I ready...
05,15cuneiform script most likely
xD
*drumroll*
Really though, most of chat at the moment is young and naive, and I just can't talk to them. Then there's Whistler and Lyra.
Fail drumroll count : 1
Whut?
O.o
:o
Oh
interesting question
???
Right
Pirate Rarity!
:d
SWEETIE BELLE CAUSE EVERY TUMBLIR MAKES HER LOOK ADORABLE
so what is your favorate Alternate Universe Mane 6?
LIGHT-REDDISH CAKE!
Lyra, lyra, lyra, lyra, lyra, and bon bon
6xD
Sweetie Belle FTW
I cannot answer this question....I out -_-
Dusk shine twilight sparkle as boy
sweetie bot <3
Who come here purely to hear pings. Albeit for different reasons.
Gypsy Pie!
Pirate Rarity As Wreks drawing :)
stalkerloo
Meh. Im not in here enough to have opinions on the new chat people.
shes a corpsman thank you.
aw rats
pixelperfectponyshow@gmail.com
Rainbow Factory Rainbow Dash
Neither of them are particularly new. Lyra got banned ages ago.
I have an idea,... hehe
@pixelponyshow
its very very pretty
I miss all the people when i came here :D
*first came here
#pixelponyshow
Twitter Ad count: 1
the name is pronunced Dr. Ar-Ce-A; but you probly don't realy care I woulden't.
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/masonry/000/343/230/3b9.png
Steampunk Fluttershy.
Ohhh
D:
i just did something stupid...
I failed
05,15A lot of the people from my early days are gone now
as you squire
Tell me about it.
I failed as well
i didn't!
:(
At least i still talk to Ninjazz and TOY from when i first came here :D
drink me.
I wasn't there. :(
Allegr0, drink me!
Allegr0 by the way where are the pics , you didnt upload them before so i missed em .
that's a litttle strange...
I prefer to think of chat as it used to be, not the abomination it has become. (Props if you can catch the referance.)
im here to make you feel better, just put you to your lips and chug
<.<
...
Hehe
<_<
this would be strange if I didnt know where I was
Yeah Fluttercry. There are a lot of people that have vanished.
That was 9 Bews, but there is only 5 Bars! WHAT IS THIS MADNESS!
whisky_shots : your creeping me out
nope
That I may not even recall unless they pop up again.
im here to make you feel better :3
Mickey Mouse and Maximillian
xD
I'm afraid now
Mick-Ey-Oh
what is felix the cat doing in this show
05,15THAT was the worst fanfic ever
brb
fjjfjfjfjfjffjfjfjf
oops
No, it's felix the cat and mickey muse as ponies]
ikr linsett
*mouse
oh god
flutterchu: Ease up on the Eddsworld links.
Allegr0: my crossover fanfic is called TORD COMES TO EQUESTRIA
woody the woodpecker
Meh.... Ive only been here since December last... so, I cant really join in that...
*last December
what a good show
SHITFUCK
im going to write a fan fic of Allegr0, and GigabitHarmonie
No you can't be over already.....
what
Well that was fun
Quit making me feel old.
what's next?
im going to bed
no pronunced Dr. Ar-Ce-A correctly
I probably have no clue who youre talking about.
Bye Allegr0 And GigabitHarmonie time for me to resign from my squire hood.
Obsidian Yes indeed it was
This Pleases Thunder Dash
Wow. Ending early
Night, Derpy_Hooves! Enjoy your birthday! :P
Bleeugh
<.<
BOO BERRY :D
pewdiepie: bbbaaahhhhhyyyyyyyeeeeee
Yes :D
hahah
xD
Bye Allegr0 and GigabitHarmonie!
count chocula
BOO BERRY! :D
lol vintage 80s commercials
xD
BOOO BERRY COUNT:4
franken berries!
:(
hahaha
I know where all of the people, from when i first came here, have gone.
DAT MICKEY MOUSE :D
Haku is back once more
Beeeeeeees
Boo berry! :0
what the...
:0
:)
and now the stream went out of control xD
I'm scared
another shrubery
I'd rather have an A+
I have to buy a flamethrower now.
Goodnight
ITS BACK
awwww
the knights that say NI
'Night linsett
goodnight you peoples
Night, linsett! :)
awesome
ITS LINKING TIME
what's next?
Awww :(
Night Both of you looking forward for next week already!
0,14later GigabitHarmonie and Allegr0
hi there!
'Night Lyra`
I like watching the circle chase it's tail
That was fun, wasn't it?
Lyra`: Night! :)
link mode activate
now, who to talk to?
Im gonna go watch gargoyles now
Everyone who used to be around pretty much faded into space.
im not going to bed mate
night linsett
05,15Fun show
Hey people!
i was saying night to him >.<
what's next for Bronystate?
rawr!
thanks for coming on everypony! "D
SO whos streaming now?
05,15And now....this
05,15http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo-tWlETq8w
SOrry. :$
:D *
thank you Allegr0
How are you?
Allegr0, i want to fight you
with drink
But that channel was very.....odd the few times I went to it. O_o
I'm bored how are you
It has been an honour squiering for you Allegr0 :)
Fluttercry Um, should I refresh or what?
Fluttercry: yesyesyesyesyesyesyesyesyes
Yeah same :P
Yeah, Ima refresh
Good Night :)
This is my 1st time on the forum
now, if you all come with me, im going to do something aweful :3
brb
Welcome :D
6Hiya! ^^
/me comes with Lyra` o.o "Yay aweful stuff is fun"
LOL FLUTTER CRY
What are we watching?
buffer
i suppose
lets get shot at, blown up, cut into, beaten, and thrown around!
Still?
Fluttercry, that was horrible
nope
Its back?
Wait, no buffer anymore
O.o
oh
just like any other day at work!
GIGA
:O
Ohai GigabitHarmonie
yay
Hey
welcome back Giga!
:-)
Hey GigabitHarmonie !
...
Nice to see you too! :)
no pronunced Dr. Ar-Ce-A correctly
Hi.
That
back
Fluttercry: I think this is the greatest thing on YouTube I have seen so far this year.
Sneaky sneaky :)
rawr
Yay the signoff goodbye ~ :P
say so to me :3
opan gangnam style
Hello
So I'm assuming we're all Spyro fans right? hahaha
is Tea-a-tim-eh
Isnt he in the chat?
alright everypony, I'm gonna head on over to walmart for groceries. See everypony later!
oh GigabitHarmonie you magnificent bastard
Double Rainbow
.
Allegr0: Bye! :)
yup :P
GIGABOTHARMIONE
/me Gangnam Styles on everypony's head
you have adhd, dont you?
Sometime D:?
Yay!
I HAVE A QUESTION
its okay, its cute <3
Musical!!?
I like the original 3 by Insomniac, Ripto
Gigabit, Say hi to me!
Is there anyway to get rid of the 'PonyChat' Server tab?
Musical stream?
xD
TheKoreanBrony1354 HAS A QUESTION!
...Rage is my fav!
0,14huzzah, music good!
^^
/me shuffles on [SWAG]Haku's head
i love all the games :P
Goody nighty GigabitHarmonie :)
Or am i the only one that has that.
I KOREAN
Tried closing it regularly?
Hey~ Sexy Lady~
OPPA GANGNAM STYLE
Do you like the music?
i cant fly
yeah :p
SaxyPretender, guess what!
*pony dance*
/me oppan gangham style
yay
op op op oppo gangnam style
I stay up late, yes?
(:
/part doesnt work.
SaxyPretender~
SaxyPretender!
0,14yes?
GigabitHarmonie, any Flim Flam song soon?
Noob709 Yes
i have nice things to say about you
You should reply to my post on SpyroForums
Saxy: Yees.
and its going to be in the form of a wall of text
there's a reason it's there, 1 sec
I do not have nice things to say about you
It's my 1st post, no replies
Or wait , how long are you staying?
I might stay until you leave :)
well do, one sec
will*
Its there some days but gone on others. So I was just wondering :P
/me wants a cookie
/me can hold ALL the cards
0,14how big is this wall? =P
WHY CAN'T I HOLD ALL OF THESE CARDS? :D
My client has the ponychat window attached but I only really use it as a password screen.
we had the ircops set it up to be there so if someone got kicked from mane, they'd see the kick message instead of it defaulting with the join a channel prompt over top of it
Ok great
0,14ph
0,14*oh god
0,14mental shutdown
Because hooves suck at holding stuff
11,02Longest break for food ever...
0,14deja vu makes saxy brain go aaaaahhh
Ah. Alright
NewSuperBronyU: moo........
...
Oh these grown men and their pony cards that are more useful for roleplaying rather than a spot-on card game.
/me licks NewSuperBronyU :P
Oh, and how do you register your name?
WOAH
(It's in SpyroChat section of forum)
Bye! :)
spyro just flew across my screen :O
Bye GigabitHarmonie
0,14later GigabitHarmonie
All the wubs :3
Thank you again :) Hope you have a great day GigabitHarmonie !
Bye GigabitHarmonie
LOL
you're a strong independant black woman who dont need no man, and you are strong, and smart, and oh so pretty, and fun, and swift, and amazing, and a good listener, and dependable, and loyal, and honest, and kind, and gentle, and full of cake, and sexy, and cute, and lacivious, and luscious, and juicy, and tangy, and tasty, and im hungry now
/me does not want the wubs. I dislike dubstep.
I have never done it, even though I heard of it about 4 months ago.
/me licks AdamTheDuck back o///o
dat wall
does that happen everytime you post?
bye GigabitHarmonie
^
....No.
NewSuperBronyU: funny, i just had my longest attemp at dinner-making yet. my microwave completely burn my potatoes and because of it fire alarm went off
?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7g0U56CYlhE
Don't quote me on that.
daww: http://fav.me/d5evr6q
0,14awww, thanks, Lyra`!
11,02twilight_sprinkle: D:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo-tWlETq8w
ive never seen that before :p
NewSuperBronyU, are you licking ponies that arent me?
no worries SaxyPretender babe :3
/me licks Lyra'
11,02Lyra`: o////o
By the way, Movie Night doesn't exist today because podcast took over.
gtg evrypony
6Spyro does fly across after every post :P
/me huggles Lyra` ^-^
bai
Thats really strange. Did you find my topic?
i caught both of you!
/me licks Lyra` too :P
you naughty boys!
11,02O.O
Alright.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4txVqr1eNwc&feature=BFa&list=FL5QyBGi4t1uDa0FwakXNeYQ
yeah i replied
in my room! now!
Bye flut-oh well
6Yep
all of you, youre about to get punished!
BroHoof to All /)
/me goes into Lyra' s room
http://puu.sh/nXFk Relevent
Chat got very stupid while I wasn't looking.
/me with glee
/me returns after about 10 minutes with a worn leather belt
EVERYPONY COMMENCE DANCING: http://fav.me/d5exxtg
Off to bed everyone.
Great.
Night Nittany.
Bye Nittany_Discord
Lyra`, don't RP here.
and you all get spankings, and not the good kind!
Night Nitt *dusts*
Night Nittany_Discord
there's an explanation in the ponychat faq
not rp, im punishing, but kay
on their main site
Still rp.
night Nittany_Discord
Night!, Nittany_Discord! :)
Does not belong here.
You're RPing.
Lyra' is punishing us because we has the hands and she does not
does not beling
*belong
unclean.
cake at stake
Spyro doesn't fly across my screen though
Steak at cake
/me doesn't have hands ;_;
SUDDENLY DESKTOP
:|
13hallo ponies
ooh stream :>
Hi Shizuka
0,14oh hai Shizuka
ohai Shizuka! :)
hey shizuka
greetings Shizuka
Shizuka is quite sneakeh
Aaand it's Black Mesa. Nope.
oof its Shizuka
Ah, back to Black Mesa!
6Hmm..It'd be a bit hard to say..I don't really remember the music from the first two games so much..
:(
that one mare <3
PI
Called it! Movie Night was overridden!
hi Shizuka
nice music
one does not simply walk into Black Mesa
also, i wub NewSuperBronyU
in a musical kind of way~
6Do you click on one of the two options right when they appear?
Eh, guess I'll go to bed.
What's this about Fight Club?
Night everyone.
Night, Meanwhile! :)
Whats black mesa
Night Meanwhile
nite Meanwhile
11,02Lyra`: o///o
Night Meanwhile
Ill go check. Do you have to enter the pass everytime youre kicked?
Mines definitely the music from dotd when ur looking for the cheetah guy
we can't talk about it, Silver_spoon :P
wow, you still get kicked for it
nananananananananananananananananana
http://puu.sh/nXFk
:)
not that I have a problem with being kicked. But, Im just curious
So who here likes pi?
so deep...
pi is my fav
[SWAG]Haku: *Pie :P
Nope, Pi
13when last we met, i killed the houndeye ambassador
3.14159265
When what appears
13now it is war
I hate math
13yay!
MATH IS DELICIOUS
That kick on the f ight club script is outdated now.
[SWAG]Haku: I know. :P
mmmmmmm....3.14159265358979323846
[SWAG]Haku: at one point in time i had memorized 182 didgits of pi :P
that is one deliciously innacurate number
this game is scary
hallo
6Well,if it was a matter of choosing from the TLoS soundtracks I wouldn't have a problem..but from the original trilogy..I haven't played them in years..I know YotD's STs but I don't remember much from the other two..
Dovah you the silver medal
Yay!
6The option to see your reply or return to the forum.
how do I get gold?
...
SILVER IS BETTER THAN GOLD
yay!
3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679
:[
:|
[SWAG]Haku: YES I AM :P
:)
oooooo security office
Tally ho~
Howard the Duck is better...
13i reason with crowbars
KILL IT WITH DEATH
G'night everybody! :)
dat reasoning
what are you talking about?
Night GilDash
Night, GilDash!
night GilDash
So cena5lifeyeahh hates me now.
night Gildash
NOW KILL HIM
shoot him
night GilDash
$5 Shizuka kills him anyways
Well, you can go ahead and count ANY Spyro game in my topic if you want. It doesn't have to be the 1st 3
awww
13hey he's just like me
BASH HIM IN THE BLOODY HEAD
I'd like my post to go somewhere
^
13a working girl trying to get by miles underground in a top secret research facility
:3
13except i have a gun
you people are evil minded!
YES WE ARE
he opened the door, now he's only good for head crabs
dat glock flip
it probably will, remember that the forum isn't terribly active
IT IS ONLY US
weeping_pegasi82, do you turn into stone if we look at you?
POSSIBLY
Shizuka: >g.freeman is female
yah why?
whatg
Don't blink. Don't even blink. Blink and you're dead.
I THINK MY CAPS LOCK BUTTON IS STUCK
whatc
finally summon gets my name
god dang I love that episode
if you don't id within 30s it changes your nick to an anon pony name and locks the nick for a few minutes
so much
CENA5LIFEYEAHH IS NOT A VERY NICE PERSON
KILL IT WITH DEATH
What is that white powder anyway? I doubt it's dried conversion gel
whart-c
EXPLOSION
USE THE PSYKICKS MINDS POWERS
2
Quill: This isin't SPC-somenumber, silly!
ill see if i can get mayo to come on
I cover my eyes with my wings by the way not hooves
/me glomps kirzstryfe
Yeah I guess I'm used to a bunch of more popular forums
One ofn these days I would like to meet an alien life that ISNT impervious to bullets
But I'm adding this one to my list
is this the best spyro furum out there?
wimp
yes
gross
:D
YOU ARE NOT A PLANT
wuss
:D
GET OUT OF THE DIRT
Well, at least he's safe from the headcrabs
BASH IT
IN THE HEAD
lol he crapped himself
:D
Yeah it seems good. I notice a lot of the youtube Spyro vids I watch, they're on the foru,
*forum
you can check out darkspyro, but i never really liked that site
ouch
SUDDENLT DOCTOR WHO MONSTERS
Why not? Whats up with that site?
Oh snap
Ah, this
Shizuka: Don't just waste your bullets. You can use your crowbar against zombies just fine!
PUNCH IT
from what ive seen everyone gets pissed off pretty often in comparison to spyroforum
GIVE IT A WARNING SHOT
IN THE FACE
Haku: Still counts as wasting a bullet.
and also because the mods removed my thread trying to get more people on here :/
Your point?
YES mayos coming :p
Waste more bullets?
loading
saved
WATE ALL THE BULLETS
guns are overratted anyway
Haku: Works better on TF2 all the time as Heavy.
This is one of the first parts where I got stuck
BACK IN MY DAY, YOU DIDNT NEED FANCY BULLETS TO KILL ZOMBIES ! YOU HAD TO WALK 15 MILES TO GET PROBER BLUDGING ITEMS
in your way? SMASH IT
Oh! I think I saw that post actually. Mayo...who is that
mayonaiize is her full name
Zombies inn your way? Show them a bad day!
shes another spyro fan
inb4 enemy
More the merrier
Well that it for me tonight. Bye everypony
Oh lookie! Black Mesa again~
minds powers
^^
Headcrab puppet :3
A WILD MAYO APPEARS
Hola!
ooooo buttons
Pew pew pew
hey^^
headcrabs do look like the tinkers from GoW
Why is the soundtrack in this so good.
You know, this game does bring back the good old days of classic FPSs. You can carry one of every weapon you ever get your hands on and you do NOT regenerate health.
How y'all doing? :D
Incoming headcrabs!
I'm new to the forum...
HIT IT
Those are the criteria of a classic fps vs a modern fps
But not to Spyro
lol
This song should remind you how fun it is to watch headcrabs fall like lemmings.
rawr
RAWR
SEE, MINES BETTER
RAWR
Ooh, I never came here
Kandarihu, you mean back in the day when cod was known as a type of fish? :P
great, you?
meow
Welcome
Swell
blargh
WHat's the charger for?
Nyan.
Whats your favorite Spyro game M3AD0W?
IM SO BUCKING HIGH
AJIsAwesome, armour.
SERIOUSLY, IM ON A LATTER
Ripto's Rage, you?
okay
Year of the Dragon :P
IM AFRAID OF HIEGHTS
Back when we had to figure out our games for ourselves instead of having everything spelled out by these new-fangled tutorial stages.
13no surprise houndeye :<
AND WE LIKED IT!
You should reply to my topic in the forum....in the section SpyroChat
smash smash
Shizu Shizu, are you streaming? :3
Kanda: I miss those days.
in the butt
YOTD is great :-)
ohai LadyCanary :)
SUDDENLY BOOM
I don't know how to use this shit haha
FLY LIKE AN EAGLE
I like how the camera sways when you change directions it's a nice touch
Kandarihu: i watched a video analyzing the design of megaman levels. they were designed to present things such that you could figure things out as you go
13shizu freeman needs a grappling hook :<
/me giggles.
Yeah it is
at the ghosties?
Kandarihu: well newer games are more complex than old games like mario, so it makes sense that they would need a tutorial
NullRadix, Egoraptor's Sequelitis 2? Yeah
maybe, I honestly forget the video name
so awesome /)^3^(\
you mind if i call you meadow?
^
[SWAG]Haku, soaring gracefully like an eagle... piloting a blimp
same here
bonk-
Not at all. Thats my nickname.
IM ON A BLIMP
bonk-load
IM ON A BLIMP
M3D0W is just how I pronounce it on the forums
Kanda: If anyone wanted a tutorial in those days, they'd read the manual!
*M3A0W
100%?
ok haha
GIVE ME 110!
XD
UGHHHH!!!! *M3AD0W
ew he barfed at you
have you played dotd?
13it's awesome it covers your weapon
Lol
Punch it
Shizuka: I love the effect of the spit on your we-- oh.
nice detail
Thats the one I have not played.
Huh. Theres actually a good Rarity plush in that compilation. Not too many of those, due to her hair.
:-(
Its a C'Thulu dog
Eternal Dragon though
you should play it :p
chat is slower now
i preper cat smyself
don't watch plush compilations they remind me of something i can not have
indeed
cause those are too damn expensive
I raged through the eternal night haha. still a really sick game though :P
eeyup
it just like, went into the slow lane when that podcast ended
yep
I watched a the clime just cleared off her weapon
tis a shame
In DotD...can you actually fly?
indeed
slime
Yeah, hehe
yup :D
Ok, so...
HL MNS is now in top 3 of ginpbbhtbid list
BMS
Anyone mind if I pitch a story idea?
I'm going to get it. Gotta beat New Beginning and Eternal first though
only a true gamer would try to hit bugs with a crowbar
Ive been wanting to someone opinion on it, see if people would read a story like it
you'll finish anb really quickly. ten takes ALOT longer :P
:D that maze
And anyway, I gotta admit. PSO2 is a pretty big offender of the Tutorial stage. But it presents a rather odd twist to it.
I can't reach the fire exit without first reaching plenty of dead ends!
Meh. Regardless of price I cant have a mlp plushie. Not only am i not too crazy for one, I get insulted enough from my friends and family. I dont need to add more material to their crude jokes.
13ah the box smashing room
hey shibaru
box smashers dream come true
I like how they added a floor
Basically, while banished on the moon, Luna was conscience the entire 1000 years. To combat insanity, she made her own imaginary friends. The story is about her coming to grips with reality when she comes back, and how she has to realize that all of her closest friends dont exist.
I'm back!!!!!!!!
I don't know if you read reviews, but they weren't all so kind to Eternal Knight hahaha
Who won the lottery?
Would anyone read a story like that?
yeah. i dont understand why :P
i guess
[SWAG]Haku: It seems very interesting. You should make it happen.
i would do it
Is DotD better though? Than the others?
AAAAAND DED?
Good thing about where i live, no one really cares about anything besides they own
interesting jump...
its better in some ways, worse in others
Dark92Enigma: not you. i only remember hanumitsukufan or someth like that won
[SWAG]Haku: I'd read a story like that
oops
Eep D:
oow
Geez, that guy must do craZy squats
Shizuka: falling victim to the useless jumping i see
13eeyup
K guys, bed time for me. Nighty <3
Half Life?
Night Madsurge
smash it!
Lol, nice.
night MadSurge :)
13look at my wimpy jump
also Shizuka, why don't you have Always run on? So it's like HL1
Goodnight MadSurge
MadSurge: Night! :)
bye MadSurge
I kind of figured that if there were a way to the other doors in that room, Shizuka might know how, but I guess there aren't.
Do you like Enter the Dragonfly or a Heroes Tale also?
jump jump jump
isn't.
Wimpy wwimpy wimpy.
yup
heft hefty heftty
You need HEFTY HEFTY HEFTY Shizu
twilight_sprinkle: After all the problems i went through? :|............Oh well, there's always next week! :)
do you?
bonk
ninja'd
yep as long as you don't go shoving it in people faces they don't care :p
Well, its not like its harsh jokes. Just silly banter. Its just got really old, really fast.
KILL IT WITH DEATH
Dark92Enigma: yeah i never win either <.<
*It just
Jinkins, Motherbucker
6Come on! Now that I have to go everyone goes on? D:
i knew it was a sonic thing with the big mouth
XD
sorry :(
twilight_sprinkle: Ikr? but i won't give up!
I dont understand why people shove mlp on others.
Yeah, they're OK
lol my grandma saw my derpy bag and the first thing she said was "that's a girls bag"
Copy Paper :O
Hey what time is it? it's BONK TIME!
What about Skylanders? I have not played it
6Meh.. ._.
no BOOP time
Yeah, i havent played skylander yet
hey guys
If only there would be a HAMMER
my responce "Yeah, want one ?" nothing else :p
But from what ive seen, its not terribly impressive
You're bringing that corpse with you?
hahaha Spyro looks deformed in that game seriously
Why not?
doom creature anyone?
13i like the more hl2 pace of running
It'll instill fear into his prey
Skylanders has become another series that collectors are trying to go for now
6It looks like a decentish game..kinda reminded me of AHT..
take the corpse
And eat it!
There are so many different things to look out for that are uncommon, like some of the skylander figures
Only then will you gain its powers
nom
yeah
I think if someone tried to get me hooked on it, i wouldve hated the show, lol
So true. I plan to start collecting.
damn!
*whisper*I don't think she's listening
And Derpy bag?? Do you have a pic? :o
SUDDENLY SLENDERMAN
That's awesome :p
Collecting what? skylanders?
inb4 over 9000
back to crawling in the vent like a voyeur
http://www.welovefine.com/1711-4777-large/derpy-mail-messenger-button.jpg
that one
*makes faces*
so why's this game called hal-life?
6Are any of you bound to be on here tomorrow,about half an hour later than now?
half*
Got to go, bye everyone. :)
I plan to be..
bye AdamTheDuck
I will
chipes
Cypress: That's always fun because of how crowded it is in the vent.
GIVE ME MAH CHIPS
no roaches in the vending machine? :O
Ramblers brand
Cya Adam
:D tittles
BYE Adam
because you have to have only half a life to play
6Ok ^^
I'll try my best :p
Look at all these rediculous brand name junk foods.
EAT A SNIKERS GORDAN, YOU AINT YOU WHEN YOURE HUNGRY
6^^
what about you meadow?
lol
Cypresswolf: atleast its not shittles
:D
eyeball
yummy
http://sphotos-a.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc7/406485_10151072816048386_781430813_n.jpg
Eye see everything...
I should be in bed...why am I now hopping onto Bronystate? Now I see someone playing the HL remake...there's no way I'll be able to go to bed now >_>
pick it up
IT JUST KEEP ROLLING
eternally rolling eyeball
As well as fanfic goes, i personally intended to make a N°$&@|6|@ c#t|c going to Equestria, along with the Channel Awesome crew, but somepony else beat me to it
EYE SEE wut ya did there
BASH HIM IN THE HEAD
ah it stopped
bash him
LOLnope
No dont D:
BASH HIM BASH HIM
Nope
Awesome!
Bash
How much was it?
oh look Black Mesa via Shizuka
BASH HIM IN THE BLOODY HEAD
is the grey man being an asshole meadow?
But i still plan on making another one, based on his funny brony story
bash him
AIM FOR THE HEAD!
shaking head
\JUST DO IT
plz?
your no fun...
XD
lol
Yeah, I just have to leave at some point to watch SNL with Seth Macfarlane hosting.
well now you are
It's no use! Our strongest potted plant aresenal can't break that glass!
"Try the crowbar!"
like a boss
Don't ask why he'll stab you in the back
But, thats at like 11:30 so yeah.
I used to be a tempered window until I took a crowbar to my everything
Crowbars: Can kill monsters with pure awesomeness, but cant break a bloddy door window
/me I hate those windows! they're so last century!
lawl
bag was $39 + two shirts 25 each and shipping another 30 ._.
6Well..I guess I'll get going and hope I don't have any nightmares or something..
Tomorrow??? Haha, maybe, yes
Its must have been a MAC
WE HAVE TECHNOLOGY
goodluck c7 :P
you need new equipment!
Freeman commits property damage.
/me smashes computer
6Heh,thx ^^
less a discount coupon i found it was around 100 ~
XD
6I'm lucky I haven't gotten caught all this time.. o.o
Spyro 1 can give some nightmares haha
I don't think Black Mesa uses macs
Alpine Ridge monsters
what was teh question of the week again?
6The thieves from it used to give me nightmares xD
XD
Favorite kind of Mane 6
you can't save him!
13too slow..
wow you cant even kill him
?
6Was Alpine Ridge the place with the huge spiders?
poor bastard
Oh dang D:
SAVE HIM
Shizuka: you can't save him
QUEST FAILED
You can save him
WITH DEATH
*load game* HEADCRAB
YOU CAN SAVE HIM
6One of those spiders had scared the crap out of me once..
YOU HAVE THE TECHNOLOGY
I think so. There are clips on youtube if you're unsure.
it BURNS
A CROWBAR
And now back to not smashing the computer screens.
DerpyMuffins: What do you mean?
hiya LadyCanary how are you pretty bird?
when in doubt, hit him with a box
o.o
And yeah, those Spiders KEPT chasing you and there was no escape
Different version of the Mane 6
$30 Shipping? Where do you live? O_o
6I had looked it up a while ago,pretty sure it is :3
Oh.
oh yes
mexico
Even made up ones count?
Yup
Yay!
Ah
yay
thanks,you killed my buddy,i owed him some money
so yeah ordering 1 thing does not justify the shipping
I love this gun
6Yeah..that one time one of them had appeared out of the bottom corner of the screen and I almost got hit.. :P
lol
oooooo
so i had to save for 2 shirts too
yay magnum
Guys want you to help friend- no remorse when friend is murdered
wich i love too <3
It's called HIGH CAVES actually, I think
lol twilight_sprinkle
6:O
Which shirts? : D
Just looked it up
I don't even remember any of the names :p
nice shots
The only shirts I have are ones from Hot Topic my family get me for laughs.
how much? TREE FITTY?!
6They /were/ in cave so..yeah..makes sense xD
XD
Does anyone else here watch the videos on the Achivement Hunter website?
shoot him
THE FLOOR IS LAVA
BASH HIM IN THE HEAD
bash him
2 vinyl Scratch Shirts and a Doctor Whooves shirt :P
he's gonna die anyway
6http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3gc849m46o Now that I've had the pleasure of hearing this,I'll get going.. ^^
Well so much for him
6Night everyone! ^^
weeping_pegasi82: why do you want to kill everyone
cya LD
No degree in acrobatics but that's ok because Freeman's good at standing on tables and steam pipes.
http://www.welovefine.com/1033-illusions-trixie.html and http://www.welovefine.com/1429-d-209.html
shit
BECAUSE WERE EVIL MINDED
:<
cya :D
6I'll see ya tomorrow morning :P
6xD
lol
twilight_sprinkle : because those people annoy me
pop
wtf is thie part in half life
Pop goes the weasel
Bye
Snowflake: HL2 ep3
Oh yeah, Trixie *duh* :D Those are great!
just so you know meadow, im on here pretty much all the time, unless I'm at school or something
i'M WATCHING tHE hUNCHBACK OF nOTRE dAME FOR THE THIRD TIME THIS WEEK.
i dont rember this
lol c7
oops caps xD
Hunchback is great
npc's that do nothing don't deserve to keep talking
So does anyone know who won the lottery?
XD
XD
Played it in Kingdom Hearts DDD
YES HALF LIFE :D!
Snowflake: fine, its black mesa, a remake of hl1
And I'll keep that in mind Cades
nice shot
well he's ded
?
Black Mesa: Source
13this?
13it's a crowbar..
XD
lol
i think he was talking about the chat
indroduce it to his face
two new people on spyrochat. it was a good day
he looked this way
i can tell its black mesa source since it doesnt have low quality textures
Man singing is hard.
Anyone else try the singing program?
i want a few other shirts but must wait until i need clothes or i get enogh money for the shipping
eenope
Snowflake, this is Black Mesa: Source. It's a remake of the original HL1 made with the Source Engine (the same version to make Portal 2, specifically)
what singing program?
They released a MLP Karoake
some security guard
:P
OKAY
HEADCRABS!
computer...
I HAVE A CASE OF HEADCRABS
NO, I WAS LOOKING FOR SANTA
WINDOW ERROR
yay
I tried UltraStar, but the program wouldn't pick up my voice too well
WOM NOM NOM
yummy
dead
I dont have a pot to piss in right now.
Dayum
ded
NUM
Yes, im so broke i have to use that saying :D
well thats unfortuante
poor woman
ZOMBEH
lets make it 3 maybe???
Performous did a better job at picking up my voice
nah
no
syncronised npc's :D
who else was new then
Every time I watch this I wanna sing the yugioh abridged version of out there o_o
the half life 2 zombies have funnyer sounds XD
YABBA MY ICING
i keep wanting to hear him say power level is >9000
ITS A MAC
Well, he not new, but he's new to me :P
MY COMPUTER!!!!!!!
How long does Half Life take to play through?
honestly never heard that saying
flutter_spin - about half your life
MY TV!!!!!!!!!!!
Half a life
I just checked out DarkSpyro....Not gonna lie, some pretty interesting topcs on there.
MY WINDOW!
...seriously...
good job
MY DOG WTF!
MY CABBAGESSSSS
MY LEG
20 hours?
MY PIZZA!
why are vortigaunts shooting at him anyway, i thought they were his allies in hl2
Meh. I think its a Southern thing.
MY MY
VORTIGAUN SLAVE KILL
Like this one: http://forum.darkspyro.net/spyro/viewposts.php?topic=34606
MY MOM PAPA DADDY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i know what they are because i played half life 2
Well, as in florida and Georgia and stuff
you asshole
wow lol
coward
But I like both forums :-)
Is this HL1 using HL2?
BASH HIM
Weehhh wehhhhhh coward
DaringDerpy: eeyup
bash HIM
DaringDoo: kinda
DaringDoo: yeah "Black Mesa"
i think i live a bit more to the south than that
DaringDoo:no its black mesa source
I may live in NY, but im still a Floridian at heart.
Ive been here like for a long time..
Well fuck you
MAKE A BLACK MESS
A
shoot him
He ded
KIL HIM YAA
YES
yes!
lol
XD
lol
sooo yeah i haven't heard a lot of sayings
AHAHAHAHA
Thank you Shizu
:D
2 years maybe?
thank you
Achievement Unlocked
no mercy killing allowed - darnit
No, that was totally a violent daydream. Happens all the time to humans.
Yeah, im weird.
Oh nice
^
more or less..
First day for me
well, good night everypony, remind me to download this eventually :P
Ive been here for a long time too
only gordon can climb stairs
2 months maybe?
were the ones that kept this place alive
they were smart enough to make it to where you cant kill friendly npcs in hl2 XD
*ladders
during the times when there was noone else around
like most of us
You should reply to my topic on SpyroForum
Lol
My daydreams usually revoilve around all the dirty stuff I'd do to people if I could freeze
oh no
it was just the two of us
time
LOL
for like...maybe a few months
:O
It was nothing like now
[SWAG]Haku: you have that day dream too?
I wish I could've known about this place earlier :/
Haku: But then you wouldn't be able to do anything while frozen.
I dont have an account on the forums
Woah, do all these Ponychat things work on here? Some odd /'s ive never used.
NINJA
I tend to stay here on online chat
got the headcrab in the ass
Wow, you really are a noob
loading
I prefer the one to one kind of talking :)
/ignore. Heh, so rude imo :D
XD
Ohhh I thought they were connected
Dovah who doesnt dream that?
sounded like ai karamba
but completely understandable
Haku: Hi.
334
what was?
1-800-KISS MY ASS
same, i pretty much only lurk on the forums
witch one is this
lol
[SWAG]Haku: exactly!
light in the air vents means Black Mesa knew exactly what they were doing when they designed that facility - those magnificent sons of -
This chat site and the forums
I'm not sure if anyone noticed but
yeah i noticed
???
that voice is so annoying
but anyway time for slps
you gonna finish that thought?
My daydreams are sort of like what [SWAG]Haku said, but wildly different.
Night Dovah
WHERES GMAN WHEN YOU NEED HIM
night Dovah :)
Woah o_o
night Dovah
yep
"/whois" is awesome :D
nuuuhhh....
Its only 10:45, and Im already tired! Curse you school!
Don't even know that user
cant wait for half life 3 to come out they announced it on the valve news exept this was on youtube
Well...it is my 1st day
neither do i :P
Thats because hes rarely here these days
I cant wait for the deadpool game coming out
besides how the fuck can you not count to 3?
But don't worry he will show up
is it 9:45 to ANYONE here!?
hes a nice guy
its going to be so awesome /)^3^(\
weeping: 8:45pm
Can't wait to meet him :p
they are working on a new engine for the game
no
think he just works a lot
yes
mayo died
thats why hl3s not coming out
aww
if you dont believe me fuck off
:)
sonic: Worth the weight, mister Amerifat.
/me fucks off
well your a little meanspirited
So.. I might be getting rid of some of my skylanders boxes soon
because i rage when no one believes me
I think today was the second time there was 6 people talking all at once. atleast in my time here
Noob709: well thats not very nice
Noob709 and what master race contry are you from where no one is fat you bigot?
why?
ouch
ow
scrunch
your leg!
Fail jump
05,15Huzzah! I made it back in time for more Shizu Freeman
Noob709: Fuck you...
I have too many thats why
Noob709:im not fat >.>
Hey Fluttercry
oh
Noob709: Troll harder............:P
I hope thats only spamming MY screen.
lol
I have 12
I plan to keep 5
Hi, AJI. Hi.
a friend of mine is buying 2 from me
AJIsAwesome: not sure of trolling, a lot of people here are genuinely like that.
05,15dat army of guards
so if someone wants one, I plan to check the shipping costs next week
BUGER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
05,15Soda brand soda..the best kind
XD
13our survivors
dat hamburger
13three barneys and a shizu
TACO!!!!!!!!
great the trolls are joining the chat
TACO TACO
i would never troll on here if i trolled i would only troll on games XD
SODA
:P
I want that Taco.
yes
SO hungry...........:$
howcome i cant be called flutterchu
male server?
If you stick around here for a while
05,15Mail servers are lies
i see someone discoverd a commands
Youl know I'm a BIG spyro fan
flutterchu:
13i didn't grab these guys last time
a few
13seeing how far i can get them
oh nevermind
The man speaks the truth...
05,15They have to wait there, you'll come back around
Oh would you shut up Noob709
and to your question yes I am a follower of the original trilogy
much better
Is that on your screen too?
Noob709 no realy what is your master race country?
Noob709: Aww, keep trying. :P
I have quite a few witnesses :)
i wanna know
Noob709:how about you leave you trolling little faggot?
nope
Oh cool :D
05,15Everyone calm down alright?
Yeah, I mean....I can't get enough of the original trilogy. You and I are a like in that sense
Thrackerzod: Say hello to Canada when you get there.
*sigh*
sonicandmario85: Feeding him makes it worse.
05,15sonicandmario85 even if he's a troll, don't call him that
I am Haku, therefor I am automiatically superior to everyone
Quite helpful.
http://imageshack.us/a/img407/7859/dscf0013zp.jpg
There current series doesn't compare
13i'm impressed they have NPC banter
incase someone wanted one
It works better when I'm ignoring said 'feeding'.
05,15I really don't see it that way
doesnt tell me how long the mods have been idle tho.
and no they arent free >.>
XD
Noob709 oh so your french HAHAHAHAHAH
ahhahahah
05,15no it's not, but it's not okay to call him a faggot either
Wonder what that soda tastes like in the game....:S
O
were're just trying to watch a funny gamer could we just leave it at that?
I'm broke right now so...maybe next time.
derpy advice #22 never trust a vending machine if everything (even gum) cost's more than 1.00$
MUSIC!
05,15So how about this? Everyone shuts up and watches Black Mesa and we all have a good night
np
Thracker: Yes, I am french..... >_>
SCREMS = FUN
same :/
<_<
Check this out M3Ad0W http://imageshack.us/a/img707/6432/dscf0008rr.jpg
Ryunosuke: I love that picture. :D
nope lady
what out?
WTF
05,15aww man, all that gunk is going to jam that gun
the poster is probably my rarest piece :)
check the pic
agreed Fluttercry
CROW BAR NEVER JAMS BESIDE UP YO BUTT
i really want that :/
mind powers O_O
so bad
05,15dat perfect placement O.o
I like the huge mountain dew can too :P
MMMMMM CHICKEN!!!!!!
lol
its freeman he has mind powers
thanks
My non rusted comerads
....
it is good to see you
It can hold a ton of cans
OK....All I see is a Skylanders box....no MTN Dew
Noob709 so true
http://imageshack.us/a/img707/6432/dscf0008rr.jpg
i have another quistion
check that link
Noob709 please leave the chat and thank you
meat is healthy for you(sometimes)
^
Ohhhh now i see
just what i was about to say
dude thats really cool
lol
Tord's departure VS Edd's death
specificly reustymeat
Thrack: Because I lied about being french.
Cades http://imageshack.us/a/img190/7619/dscf0080mo.jpg
iam french
Just go and smoke somde pot noob
some*
ITS A FRIDGE?!?!?!?!
my stream froze :(
05,15Thrackerzod stop feeding him
um yeah?
ima refresh
lol
Thrack: Who needs drugs, man?
I said it holds a ton of cans
weee
kick him please?
umm guys
My whole family wants it lol
http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/264/200/acb.jpg
05,15As for you Noob709 stop with the trolling now
LOL
good ol' vent crawling
Tord's departure VS Edd's death
reguardless imma going to bed, peace everyone and someone tell me if noob gets kicked tonight
its not for sale :P
lol k bye Thrackerzod
i know haha
Oh yeah, Thanks Thrack?
Follow Freeman!
Thrack: Can I get a you're welcome, m'lord?
follow the free man
dat army
Youl never believe how much I paid for it though
kill him
Oh hai, GMan.
GMAN!!
and buffer o.o
darn you Gman
derpy advice #23 if a brony smoke's pot you know he just wants to be the .MOV spike (i also find that disrespectful)
how much :P
my window!!!!!!!!!!
13so
13awesome
A. 40 B. 75 C. 25 D. 110
Pick a letter :)
13they actually planned out NPC actions
D. 110
how can you fail PE?
Cades?
be a scientist
weEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Ded
OP
nice
Bad end
yeah d
what game is this?
13i think i had bad nachos
Hows the reaper doing?
05,15Rustymeat I almost did when I was in 9th grade. they actually graded you on your performence, so if you weren't an athlete, then you probably got a D
apparently gordon also failed PE
It was the chicken
C
what....
OJKAY
i knew i shouldve picked c :P
HI
save him
Bye bye
?
05,15Come on man. Do a pullup
rawr
I haggled with the seller for 10 min to get him to lower his price
what kind of school did you go to?
kirz!
ow
dead
Welp
YOU DIDT SAVE HIM
05,15Rustymeat public school
did you win?
ooooooo that would have hurt
The Spyro collection on Amazon is almost 300 dollars. I want it
what game is this @_@
'/whois' tells me how long IVE been idle. But it wont tell me how long SB has been idle
odd
so, SNL just did a parody of that new Korean rap guy, and then actually had him show up at the end of the sketch
half life
bob: black mesa, a remake hl1
link please?
oh
well yeah I won
good job :p
13canary canary <3
$25 is a STEAL for a cooler like this
well if you want to get into technicalities
they normally cost $200
Link to what?
odd, it shows me
Lolwut
that spyro collection
Canary Mary
Ok, hold up
How much does black mesa cost?
05,15fail guard is fail
Ded
ded
Shizu Shizu <3
05,15well....now what?
i feel bad for laughing at that
http://www.amazon.com/Spyro-Collectors-Edition-Playstation/dp/B000066BZ1/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1347768099&sr=8-1&keywords=spyro+collectors+edition
So strange seeing what channels you mods are admins of ._.
i dont
o.o
ok, maybe a little
Dont buy from amazon
05,15you can open those from the outside now?
13i hate how you can't skip the laser here..
I really feel that price is much higher than the actual value
HAPPY INDEPENDENCE DAY
Fluttercry: You really should not make fun of guards!
How dare you! Spyro is PRICELESS
What can you do?
Hahahahaa
lol
IAM A BOX
A BOX IN A BOX
Fluttercry: Unless you are one.
05,15Bawww put them in a box!
If you saw all the stuff I have of spyro youd change your mind
Yeah it used to be cheaper. WAYYYY cheaper. It's cause they don't sell them in stores anymore.
did anyone see saturday night live right now its awsome
I can buy a lot of things for $239
RUN FAST
05,15grenades?
Gotta go fast
use the bodies
bob im watching the mexican independence day
LOL
gosh that was epic
Fun stuff
05,15that was really awesome! I never thought of doing that
cachi01|phone the panco villa one?
I was too busy looking at the funny comics...
I am very good at negotiating :)
pancho*
haha
thelonepony well im watching calderon shouting
You've been talking to MONEYBAGS tooooo much man....
05,15I feel bad shooting the Vortigaunts after Half Life 2
STOP NO SCOPING HACKER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
XD
That mountian dew rip off
alpine hye?
Youd have to be moneybags to buy my collection :P
weeping: Alpine Hue.
lol
AWWW
YA
weeping: You don't wanna drink that.
The hell happened there?
looked like hye
LOL
05,15stop spying!
:o
not my fault I inherited bad eyesight
Its ded
I have a Spyro stuffed animal I got from the fair at least
O
Its not like im using any info i see :D
OO
Lol
lol
And Crash Bandicoot too
:( IT DIDNT CRUSH HIM
it crush one
why not?
LOL
11,02RaveBrony: Moo o3o
ouch
05,15Those poor scientists
i dont even a stuffed animal :/
Hey NewSuperBronyU! Moo!
05,15oh they lived!
also i'm spying
same voices...
05,15NOOOOOOOOOOO
WELP
I just have a really tiny stuffed animal
Its fun right? :D
Id like to get a big spyro
My friend has one..
there going to blow it up
Was it worth it Shizuka was it worth it
wow that was...
05,15That scientist was one week from retirement
what happened?
that would be amazing :p
Shizu hit a mine wire and nuked two scientists
:O
:<
AWW
shoot the box rope
a lot of people is in dashisauce for all i see
YES
stupid military
NO DROP IT
http://www.ebay.com/itm/ws/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=310438608798
Yeah :D
Donkey Kong from 1982
did the ad just censor that shooting -.-
HECK YA
13now i can solve up to 150 problems per minute
05,15These soldiers are dumb, they can't tell the difference between me and an alien
Oh good this one doesnt turn
aww :p
shoot him
Ok, i gotta go.......see ya all tommorrow
So was the military just hired to wipe all evidence out?
05,15I HAVE A DOCTORS DEGREE
05,15MY DEGREE IS WORTH MORE THAN YOUR LIFE
welp, thats it for Haku
Good night everypony
Fluttercry: Thank you. Now you've made fun of the Navy Seals and they'll copypaste you spammy e-mail threats.
just fill it with concrete : )
I say this to all gamers who want to collect and I figured ill tell you M3Ad0W
<.<
Noob709: Do you ever shut your face
it can be a VERY expensive hobby
obscure reference I know
you got scamed
Good to know! Do you guys like Ratchet and Clank?
11,02\:3/
Moo
11,02\:o/
omg so pretty
not really
/me glomps SpadeMagnes[R]
I was never a huge PS2 fan so didnt get to play that game so much
baaaaa
Hey, hey SB
Spyro is better. But Ratchet carries on the legacy left by Insomniac
Burritos.
11,02:<
Wait the HEV has a boost function?
AHAHAHAHAHAHA
11,02but...i not hungry ;^;
I was never a big fan of Donkey Kong either, in contrast
knock knock
SB! Dari!
13what was that
13don't let her get the drop on you
13welp
05,15Shizu is the one that knocks
Nintendo in generaly, actually, though I love Pokemon
i have a ps3 ratchet and clank. but i dont really like it, but maybe i just got a shitty game?
nevermind
Ohai LadyCanary. <:
Are you old enough where you actually played the arcade games?
:3
11,02LadyCanary: :O
All the colors!
me?
11,02Wii U comes out soon \:3/
actually ill ask anyone here
superspeed!!
05,159,3 NOT ENOUGH COLORS
no
I want to see if I'm old :P
O.O
:O NewSuperBronyU. So I herd.
And I called the release date PERFECTLY
UNLIMITED COLORS
no, i started with PS1
So much Color!!!
I've got my WiiU preordered already.
One of the goals in my life was to own at least ONE arcade machine sometime
NewSuperBronyU: And then...Nobody cared
:P
duck
lul
11,02but...but...nintendo is teh koolz ;^;
how much do they cost?
But they are soo expensive
if ur 5
depends on the game
D:
11,02;A;
LASER DRILL CUBE SPIKE ROCKET FRENZY HOVER
Ms Pac Man Arcade is like..$700 I think
nintendo is for babby
get rel consol
I love Nintendo. But, im not a fan of the Wii :D
05,15Chat I am disappoint. I make Freeman's Mind and Breaking Bad jokes and none of you get them
Yea...which is why WiiU is getting Bayonetta 2 as an exclusive title.
05,15A disgrace
Someone was selling the Centipede Arcade locally here, $300
Nintendo isnt that bad
Fluttercry: I get them
NewSuperBronyU:
sadly I didnt have the cash
wee
yay
shoot him
too late...
>implying I've ever played this game
How am I supposed to get the references.
yum yum yuck
:(
11,02dair dint kno wut kol he no kol i lik nintendi an dem but i liek mario man and he col doin mario man stuf so it cool but dari no NO he no col he men HE MEN i HATE U
Sorry. :(
tl;dr
DerpyMuffin nintendo ISNT BAD nintendo is awesome
uhhh....
NewSuperBronyU
NewSuperBronyU: ???
11,02Spectrum_Rush: o.o
SuperBrony: You tell'em, Terry!
Hahaha
11,02O.O
I love that pic of Dari's :D
^
lol
Needs to be used more often.
My photobucket has all the leverage pictures too. <:
Is This Garrys Mod???
Aw snap!
crowbar time!
wut
wow they know is name
Wut
:P
He got caught in the door
05,15Ia Ia Freeman Fhtagn
having fun Shizuka?
Bye everypony.......see you all tomorrow (in case if you didn't hear me before)
later DaringDerpy
Cya Dark92Enigma
who wants to hear some amazing jazz music?
err Dark92Enigma
that tab fail
Shizuka :Having fun?
where?
on soundcloud
/me slaps an Elder Sign on Fluttercry
Wait wut....... NEW VA FOR FINN IN ADVENTURE TIME? NOOOOOOOOOO
http://soundcloud.com/sadhudubstep/ba
*puts a kick me sign on NullRadix*
05,15dat bass
I'm a Country boy
hmm RD in a school girl outfit eh dari
...........
....In a big city. Haha but Jazz is ok
*facepalm*
did i miss somthing?
just listen to it :P
Alright. This is getting up to the point where I last left off.
your on the outside yay!
Spectrum_Rush: All the pictures are probably upped from a torrent full of pony pics.
05,15to the bunker!
Too much macroblocking now
my resolution is horrible
05,15Okay, now I must sleep. Goodnight everyone!
^
hahahahaha
Dat timing
night Fluttercry
13like my timing with the music there?
good night fluttercry!
Shizu: Yes.
Night fluttercry
night Fluttercry
11,02Night fluttercry :)
ninja
did it kill you?
too filthy?
me?
Crowbars are made to open doors.....not smash windows
I'm on the phone ill listen to it in a bit
k
multi-use crowbars
night everypony i need to catch some zzz
13oblivious, party of two
night thelonepony
Night, thelonepony! :)
bye thelonepony
night thelonepony
night thelonepony sleep well
Shizuka: enjoying Black Mesa so far?
introduce your gun to him
13finished it silly
Shizuka: but this is only 2 days old!
:D
bloody hell
13ammo is stupidly scarce
13also oatkun you misunderestimate the amount of time i have to waste
13so about 90%
Shizuka: So the game is incomplete?
:P
So I guess there will be an update to this in the future that finishes the story?
whoa
Or will there be a followup called Xen Source?
So who do you think is the most wel known brony artist? johnjoseco probobly.
Rex_Mundi: Depends on what genre.
13i would call this complete
13they will release xen eventually
ALright.
13the original xen was pretty dumb, so they have a lot of polish to do
13hopefully not another eight years
This took 8 years?
I heard that first.
SO this is HL2: Ep 3?
inb4 8 years.
AJI: *isint
AJIsAwesome, this is a recreation of HL1
<.< sigh...
Kandarihu: Okay.
le sigh
xD
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/9/12/_tUa1_KdwUSm80h4P4_SbA2.jpg
Chat is dead
Yep :D
gee ya think derpy lol
playing black mesa i take it?
13that was worth it to get the shotgun ammo btw
When's the first time anyone here had to climb a ladder?
gordon freeman with his very trusty crowbar
Well, time to sleep. Good night everypony!! Take care! Thanks for the stream, Shizuka :)
http://files.sharenator.com/memes_id_hit_that_with_a_crowbar-s500x500-168439.jpg
Night, RaveBrony! :)
rest well RaveBrony
Cya RavenBrony
Ing: No.
Farewell, Ill continue my spying tomorrow ;)
EqD still hasnt reply to me
sleep well RaveBrony
DerpyMuffins: takes time
I hear Screechers
I resent my story yesterday
13despite being black mesa source, it still has architectural problems
oh look hazardous goo
13this implies the tram always went over goo
DerpyMuffins: you sent in a fanfic or what?
Yea
Shizuka: so stuck?
i think they mean that th goo was somewhere else
ugh I hate the laddes
DerpyMuffins: they probably have to have the prereaders look at it, which i imagine theres a bit of a waiting list for. did you make sure to send it to the right email address?
in some pipe
or mayb the aliens did it
o it just teleported the goo
*or
Well last time I sent it in, my story didnt even reach teh prereaders
They told me to revise and edit
dude it takes time
that's all
And change NMMs text
did you do as they instructed? from what i know, the prereaders are pretty strict DerpyMuffins
dat 70
DerpyMuffins: you had it all caps didn't you?
oh, that good looks nice
i like it
goo
13didn't try this last time
Goddammit I hate FPS jumping sections
Shizuka: you dangerously low on ammo
No I just had A LOT of grammar mistakes
Brb
Use some Rad-x
If I had a pound for every time otakon said "Goddammit"
-___-
13you would weigh as much as gaben
lol not THOSE kind of pounds you putzes
13HA HA IMPERIAL MEASUREMENT HUMOR
LOL
tsk-tsk Shizuka , you know what they say about gaben weight jokes
Lawl
XD
DOHOHOHOHO
13yeah well we got black mesa
13so it's okay now
still not HL3
I remember a TV series in England actually made that joke once Shizuka
13sir?
Noob709: then he would have said "If I had a dollar"
Called "The Queen's Nose", where there was a 50p that granted wishes
SpadeMagnes[R]: what insults?
13i am not sir
13i am gir
13i'm special
Spade: Fine. Stop shooting me for it.
Noob709: she's a she.
and dari is a brit
And he wished for a pound everytime someone siad x
Then he got really fat.
:P
Spade: I'll write you a love letter.
thats a lot of alien dog things
poor little screechers
Shizuka: do you perhaps like tacos
I like them actually they're kind of cute
otakon: dafuq?
what the little screecher things
I find the noises they make cute
otakon: Then it eats your face
Pfft, I found the original spider pic
Just Meanwhile was the one who captioned it
poor headcrab zombie
lol I join to black Mesa Source
Destroy what thing?
dat graveful death
dat ragdoll physics
Random death spaz
*graceful
yay old physics
HOLY SHIT
STAY DOWN!
waste ammo yay?
The hell is that thing?
SpadeMagnes[R]: hungry
if you could shoot that guy, i probably would have, end his mesery
misery*
i think theyre called leviathans
ambassador pineapple, you have the floor
wow...that guys an idiot
Heroic sacrifce...or not
twilight: You should know. It's totally lovecraftian.\
close call eh?
I've got my eye on you dari http://i.imgur.com/du2U3.gif
Noob709: that makes no sense
I doubt that claw thing is the whole thing
I assume its much...much larger
i heard it
dem pic jumps
lol
were they sleeping or somethign?
Ello bronystate!
Half Life~
Hi, HoodyNinja! :)
I was wathcing TotalBiscuit stream this the other day
/me gives AJIsAwesome a golden bucket
Goardon wents to get his crowbarb ut it was missing so had to borrow a claymore sword
13other than i've played it before, it's an obvious ambush spot
Oh, boy! A bucket!
/me slaps magmablock with a fish
hey, buckets are amazing things
/me eats the fish
*there
Damn, I feel like I should be gaming right now, but this site beckons to me ;_;
this cant end well
ikr, Doom3 was too predictable; pick up an objective item or just any item and expect like 3+ enemies to jump atyou
magma: Magma, I didn't cook that fish.
HoodyNinja: you can't do both at the same time?
Do we have super powers now?
what if he didnt have enough hp for that, what then
NullRadix: Ive tried
Smithers?
Pooor Smithers
Smithers!
Excellant
Mr Burns left him to die
SpadeMagnes[R]: No, we need spiders for that
release the Freeman
headcrab zombie?
I almost got stung by a bumbled bee!
13unfortunately we no longer have the WHEEEEE thing
Ingwaz: headcrab zombie
otakon: plural, Freemen
otakon: indeed
The wheee thing?
The fuck?
Shizuka: a'wwww no WHEEEEEEEEEEEEEE soundboard?
no wii thing?
/me lost his wii
PaladinDrakkenwolf: no not freemen, the FREEMAN as in GORDON FREEMAN
Spade: You don't wanna know. It's prolly overabused and annoying.
Back
otakon: there can be only one?
If a HalfLife movie were ever made, all I ask is that Morgan Freeman plays Eli
awww how cute, hes playing hide and seek
Oh...jesus just be quiet....
He's a coward
Keeeeeeeeel him
Shoot him
pussy
NOW
dat saved
hmmmmm...
dead
yes
Hahahahahaha
yep, you'll wait here forever
Why not just leave him dead?
Good, now use a quickload.
ded
:O
PaladinDrakkenwolf: there is only ONE Freeman
THE Freeman
well...that doesnt seem ominous
No one was there to see you do it
monster thingy!!
Ingwaz: It doesn't? :p
13isn't it obvious?
dead
ambassador pineapple, you have the floor
Shizuka: yes
13shizu freeman is a semibenevolent time lord
lol
XD
Shizu Freeman
13she'll kill annoying people, but then reverse time so they live
XD
When the hell did we get time lord powers?
dat juggle
:D
Shizuka: you are silly :P
SpadeMagnes[R]: there is no we in this
So far my story has nothing to do with romance, just drama between Luna and NMM
Shizu: You don't own a time travel machine, silly.
hmmm...this seems safe...and not ambushable at all
^
I like to think the chat is in Gordon's HUD and we're all inside his head
lol
13what do you think quicksave is silly?
Gordon has a collective conscience
that blood stain on the wall is a nice choice of decoration
Quicksave is best TARDIS
Shizu: What's worse is savestate abuse in emulators isin't time consuming.
i have blood stains all over my place
SpadeMagnes[R]: that means that when the stream is over, we all die
i think theyre dead?
Shizu is best doctor
The shotgun pump seems louder than the shot
hmmm...i wonder who...
bang
WELP
:P
:D
Headshot
The power of save
Climbing ladders unsing only his leges like a boss
damn typos
chuck norris powers, GO
I'm just biding my time.
Waiting for his death episode.
Then I'll replay his death.
Over.
And
Over.
And
Over
Why do you hate matt smith?
knew it
phoenix wright vs gordon freeman
and it's not the actor, it's the writing that's gone down hill
dari: Obsess.
Not this question again
Shizu kills all
It is the acting.
fail...
Dari, since moffet left the writings sucked
someone's angry
eman: The Tardis recently contracted cancer?
You don't have to sound like you hate it with a passion
There have been eps where the writing isn't bad, but the acting is always bad.
*hobble*
BOOM
HEADSHOT
YOU DEAD, BITCH!
damn you stole my comment Ingwaz
If you say so, I didn't notice
thoughts?
dat ambience
The Tardis was in distress?
acording to facebook here what micheal said: Sorry, BFDI can't come out today. I, Michael, have been completely unable to work on BFDI for the past month due to school and now illness, and right now BFDI is something humanly impossible for me to tend to. At this point, I can't be sure when BFDIA 4 will come out. I'm really sorry that this is has happened, and I most certainly do not find pleasure in not delivering BFDI to you, so
tl;dr
Who's Micheal?
Plus your text cut off.
I might care if I knew what BFDI was.
the hell is BFDI?
^
Big Fucking Dinosaur Infostructure?
^^
infostructure?
oh i wish i can tell you but no links during stream
Dinosaur?
weee!
You could just explain what it is
There aren't any links necessary
Is it funny?
also^
flutterchu: Are you kiding me? You could just tell us instead of link. :S
bloop
i'm sticking with dinosaur
Oh, ninja'd :P
Goodnight everypony cya tomorrow :)
13uh oh
Night, cachi01|phone! :)
bai cachi01|phone
13awwwwww
gn cachi01|phone
night cachi01
ded
oh boy
Onoooo
;3;
Ok, so I still don't care.
:[
flutterchu: that sounds awesome
i could link you a picture of season 1 and 2 contestants
>>> Shizuka >[fatal error]> HL2.exe
i like Big Fucking Dinosaur Infostructure better
certainly sounds more interesting
^ fund it
13and promptly ded
lawl
ladders are hard bro
Wut
How ded
>>> Big Fucking Fan >[spinkick]> Shizuka
ladders man
dont trust em
13wtf
flutterchu: What does bdfi stand for?
goddamn it's like deus ex all over again
ded numero duos
the ladders are working with the barrels
Battle For Dream Island apparently
:[:[:[:[:[:[
]*dos
it doesn't like anymore
*you
http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120712163458/battlefordreamisland/images/5/53/Bfdia_cast.png
Stream crash
13i think it's physics
13:<
13i do not understand
Nuuu ;3;
No stream crash here
goddamn physics
Wut
:D
welp
Oh
13not stream crash game crash
HoodyNinja: Battle For Dream Island
facehoof*
13i think i will have to work that out later
youtube videos now?
:o
13in the meantime though...
Shizuka: Try waiting for an update to black mesa source?
Shizuka: did you drop something i nthere
if so you might need to go backl
Shizuka: oh well thanks for the game streamage though
13no i killed the box
13still died
SNL had an oppan gangnam sketch tonight >.<
0,14huh, this goes well with AC
13so will troubleshoot that tomorrow
13moment
Suddenly Saxy
Glomp pile on SaxyPretender!
buffering
I saw it kirz :p
0,14say wha
season 1 http://images4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20111031004519/battlefordreamisland/images/1/1d/BFDI_Contestants.JPG
/me tackleglomps SaxyPretender
if you killed the box while it was in the fan thing, it might still be glitching out of cuz of the parts
/me is tackle glomped @_@
13yeah might be
/me glomps SaxyPretender
/me glomps Saxy ^o^
13i'll send a fresh save there for tomorrow
o:
hai SaxyPretender
YES
yay Rifftrax
Hahahaha
BOOM RIFFTRAX
YES RIFFTRAX!
Late night movie?
Goodbye Sleep
what's this?
13now to improve our movie
alright guys, im off to bed
/me hugs Shizuka "Why are you so awesome?
Movie again?
Now the movie is much better, :D
Welp, I'm off.
weeping_pegasi82: Day After Tomorrow rifftrax
DAMNIT IM RAIDING
DerpyMuffins: Rifftrax movie
NOT RIFFTRAX!
no no no no no no no no no no no!
bye Noob709 take care
Oh jeeezus
please no
cya
13canary canary <3
weeping_pegasi82: it's the Rifftrax version it's FUNNY
Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
1 am. movie starting
HoodyNinja: watcha' raiding?
weeping_pegasi82: give it a chance
NullRadix: 6 am
Movie starting
ok
:P
anyways, sleepy time for me, have a good night everypony :)
fine, you win
13ponies should know i stream rifftrax stupidly late
Midnight :D
kirzstryfe: Night! :)
night kirzstryfe sleep well nomming one
night kirzstryfe
0,14later kirzstryfe
Shizuka: works for me I had to work so I got back in time
Zombie Ninja Sluts From Hell
sounds like a good B movie
13so forewarning
lol
13no mike on this one :<
a'wwww
13but kevin and bill have a blast anyway
that sucks
Shizuka: midnight isnt stupidly late for you
Spectrum_Rush: she's an insominac
13starting a movie it is
13i haven't been asleep before 4am for months
otakon: and I'm not? :S
inb4 Shizu develops alte ego
Spectrum_Rush: no
I'm back
*alter*
13been there done that got the t-shirt aj
AJIsAwesome: um don't joke about htat
michael knows EXACLY when the next episodes will come out and now that hes sick and schools here he doesnt know when the next episod of season 2 will come out http://static.fimfiction.net/images/story_images/32127.jpg?1339620543
PaladinDrakkenwolf: sorry boss
Shizuka do you have DID?
13not dissociative
otakon: Sorry.
13but close enough
13compartmentalization is hell
Never making the joke again.
OGOD NO!
NOT THIS MOVIE!
he also has illness
HoodyNinja: it's Rifftrax version
HoodyNinja: Yes this movie.
flutterchu: that sucks
:o
im scared that he will end up like Edd
flutterchu: I doubt it's that bad
flutterchu: Only time will tell.
I think he means North
lol Ice Age reference
DAT ICE AGE REFERENCE
Scrat <3
Jeeeeeesus... you're watching this movie again!?
inb4 overdramatic music is overdramatic
lol Heatmizzer
Mozdoc: rifftrax version, meaning you get bad jokes+bad movie
:D
Mozdoc: altho you might find it funny, most people do
Ehhhhh... don't know if I want to sit through this again... Is anything going to be broadcast after?
are bronies commentating this
:D
flutterchu: no
flutterchu: heavens no
Im hungry now
flutterchu: theyre not, but they should
Its time for me to get some sleep too
13i think mike had a tweet re bronies once
cya guys tomorrow
It's not a paradox.
is this an extra or somthing?
That's not what paradox means.
i assume Shizuka is streaming
:|
nowadays everyone tweets bronies for popularity
I WANT THAT FEZ.
Its the Fez
13he's a spy
fezes are cool
13familiar fez
so are bowties
he's missing the sunglasses
Shizuka: set it on fire and its unusual
/me giggles.
Chick Deney :D
13DUN DUN DUN DUNDUN DUN DUNDUN DUUUN
Hey everypony!! :)
hey
hoi Ponyloverforever
Money weighs more than peoples lives
Hi, Ponyloverforever! :)
Hey Ponylover
god ive woken up so early
Its only 6 am here
its like 6.12am here
O_O
i woke up a 2 pm today
its midnight here
dat LotR reference
*at
where do you live derpy muffins
I woke up at noon today.
13PaladinDrakkenwolf: because that guy played bilbo
Birmingham why?
Shizuka: mmhmmm
F*cking scrubs...
Hes a DEMOMAN!
i couldnt go back to sleep because i was so hot so i stayed up any way :/
I never knew John De Lancie was 64 until today. :$
I been awake Pony
^Not till this second
wow, he looks a lot younger than 64
I dont sleep til 7 am
twilight_sprinkle: IKR?
and inb4 SB dat 64 ping
I want ;_;
prince of space
i go to bed around 3-4 am
i voted pin off last episode
Prince of Space! XD
2 AM for me. :D
I go to sleep when I feel like it
i got to bed at 11pm
ice ice baby
dat nforced error
*unforced
i wonder if they watch tennis
/me slowly takes over chat
not on my watch
/me denies twilight_sprinkle's takeover
I cant believe I actually watched this movie when it came out
:s
13i did too
13it's okay
DAT PUN :D
/me whistles
/me can't whistle :D
/me puts twilight_sprinkle in the timeout bucket
good morning
Hi, DaringDerpy! :)
ello DaringDerpy
hey
13all right? okay all right?
13okay
13all right?
:D
all right? Okay
/me flies over to Shizu and nestles in her mane
0,14so wait
13canary canary <3
0,14WILL THYE BE OKAY
/me 13pulls up a blanket und some popcorn
0,14BUSTAH WOLF
Tweet TWEET. ^_^
SaxyPretender: NO THEY SHALL NOT!
hey all
Hiii Allegr0!
oh oh Shizuka can i get under that blanket with you? im cold
iris sucks, i doesnt have pony smiles and it doesnt say when your chat is dead
hi, Allegr0! :)
/me gives Allegr0 a bucket
13weeeeeeeell
morning Allegr0
13okay
hey Allegr0
Shamroc I got a blanket for ya~
Allegr0: Shouldn't you sleep? :S
13but we are by a fireplace
hey Allegr0
hiya Allegr0
13all right?
Morning Allgr0! How is the wife?
AJIsAwesome: ....naaaaaaah!
All right!
0,14oh hai Allegr0
Allegr0: Okay. :D
/me tosses highly flammable plushies into the fire place.
uhm
hey SaxyPretender , LadyCanary , otakon
13nuuuuuuuuu
13:<
and everyone else :P
otakon: I like ploshies. :(
Shizuka: what?
you monster otakon !!!
No Hai for me?
/me trips and knocks otakon into the fire
Tweet tweet Imma bird~
*plushies
/me 13tosses highly flammable oatkuns in the fire
it burns! BURNS!
hahaha
have fun
So tired and I just woke up.
/me is suddenly on fire
LadyCanary: I thought canaries were cats! :o
/me tilts head
HoodyNinja: O_o
what?
/me snuggles into Shizuka's blanket
HoodyNinja: and they say I am dense
woo blanket!
Tang. Its not just for breakfast anymore
Also someone help me with my reading problem I get bored easily.
/me pokes otakon
I sent my story to your new email Allgr0! Hope you like my answer.....
no your squishy
no
but I was on fire
Dem legs.
13everypony hugs und turns into tang
lol, I'm sure I will DerpyMuffins
legs? what legs?
Shizuka: no no wrong show
/me has already turned into Tang :O
But I dont want to be tang, Shizu ;3; I dont like orange drank.
13purple drank?
He really likes his nuts
i dont know what tang is..
purple stuff?
DerpyMuffins: Oh, you :D
Shamroc: some kind of orange drink
I asked for help?
Purple drank is okay. Now red drank~
Shamroc: powdered fruit drink mix like koo-aid
neeeat~
i dont care~
Shamroc: you should
Shamroc Sure sounds like it~
inb4 disaster happens
/me ran out of tang
Previously on Lost....
When did we start watching Final Destination?
NO final destination :'(
Not final destination PaladinDrakkenwolf XD
lol
:D
Cya guys I gtg
The Cinderblock Collectors Club...
love at first sight <3
DerpyMuffins: dream of ponies
ha
/me yawns -_-
Say the magic word, and the duck flies
Kandarihu: But ducks already fly. :P
:D BABY!
/me chants in the ancient language
how do you italisize?
weeping_pegasi82: Use /me
type /me at the start of your thing
I think it's a phrase that Groucho Marx used
thx
/me learned something new
13best line in the movie here
HoodyNinja: WOnder what that THING is. :P
AJIsAwesome: What thing? I don't have a thing. <_<>_>
Someone should make a rifftrax to ponies. :D
THE BIRDS ARE SINGING! ISN'T IT BEAUTIFUL?
Dem cgi wolfses
any tips to make reading more fun?
All these birds, Gwonam would have a fit. :D
the birds are the singiest, the swings are the swingiest
So what was shown before this? The Rifftrax of FightClub?
So who's narrating this?
wow that auto kick is still on
that kick script
Mozdoc: Nope.
Mozdoc: Black Mesa.
13unless black mesa is kite flub
Very funny, having a kick out for mentioning the title of a movie?
^
thats the joke
Mozdoc: Yes. :P
yeah it actually kinda got old :s
13the first rule of kite flub is you do not talk about kite flub
The first rule of Black Mesa is do not talk about Black Mesa. The second rule of Black Mesa is do NOT talk about Black Mesa.
Of my slacks :D
I never saw the movie before so i didnt know wtf it was about at first
f¡ght club f¡ght club f¡ght club f¡ght club
mozdoc: I was kicked for something I don't even know about
00,02yay~
LOL
fihgt klubb?
00,02riffs
I'm not amused by the immaturity. Its amusing once, after that, grow up.
knight flubb
Combat Guild, Battle Bridage, Confrontation Community,
i wonder why people fall asleep in car's all the time
So what is/was Black Mesa? Never heard of it.
13oh hoody i know you don't like it but that's no reason to summon cthulhu
Mozdoc: its automated tho
f!ght c!ub
Mozdoc: Because you are infinitely smarter and more mature than anyone in here, so we must automatically listening to you
i guess the seatbelt is like a coat of arms
A gentlemens gathering, where they partake in the art of fisticuffs
Brawl Establishment
people totureing you
It was
bloody red water dripping down everywhere on you
Engagement Cabaret
/me curses my back surgery
Struggle Society
Celestia has long legs...
its raining, forecast done
eyeball being pulled out of the wires controlling the brain making the hole body going crasy
Rex_Mundi: Well, she IS tall.
Rex_Mundi: She tall
Why are you at the beach?
/me sits on AJIsAwesome
every single little dot in your body swirling like crasy
/me shakes HoodyNinja off
13are you quite done flutterchu
/me sits on hoodninja
flutterchu: What are you talking about?
/me climbs back on
*trots around*
HoodyNinja: :I
Engagement Cult
im just predicting how "bloody" cupcakes is
AJIsAwesome: :3
is there any good part of this movie?
flutterchu: Take thatstuff ssomewhere else. :S
http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
flutterchu: Wha? Are you high?
^Knew that would happen
flutterchu is always high.
what's up with bronystate and cupcakes
http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
im not high
twilight_sprinkle: that makes way too much sense
fifth one down
click on it
flutterchu: YOU ACT LIKE IT!
00,02wait
twilight_sprinkle: And never states his reason. :P
00,02these guys are meteorologists right?
I'm high off life
AJIsAwesome: yup, pretty much
HoodyNinja: T_T
That tornado just came...................and destroyed that sign!!
13so goes the theory phase
/me sings along
:D
AJIsAwesome: altho, whenever he Does state them, they turn out to be bad
00,02dont they have, you know, satellite radar, other tech
Tips to make reading more fun/enjoyable anyone?
twilight_sprinkle: Yep
00,02something other than the news to see these things
storm chasing - youre doing it wrong
THAT TORNADO'S CARRYING A CAR!
13especially in broad daylight
00,03Looks like that reporter went storm chasing!
00,03...shuddup
ohai Scoot-Scootaloo! :)
13not as good as paxton
O U
You got beat, Scoots
:|
00,02Squish
He should've bought a more reliable car...
00,03So, interview went well, and it was tons of fun!
00,03Shame most of you didnt get to see it...
run bitch, RUN
Scoot-Scootaloo: I did. :P
THWACK more like it Phase4
00,02Spectrum_Rush, : D
Is it on youtube?
00,02Bonk
0,14did I just hear yiddish? <3
00,03what are the odds...
00,03And nope!
so we're safe from tornados as long as we're behind a door?
13pff
13we're safe from tornadoes if we hide in a small shack on a hill
Cypresswolf: Logic!
lul
13so long as we're tied down to water pipes with leather belts
^
physics
dat Tornadoes joke
That janitor needs his own tv series.
That hole in the buildingg will buff out
We're safe from tonados as long as we tie ourselves to a pipe with leather belts
00,02you'd think the president would have some kind of... phone
13psst
13cypress
13^^^
Have there ever been tornados in Equestria? :S
*On the show
00,02AJIsAwesome, yes
AJIsAwesome: All pegasus made
tornados are only canon in equestria due to Pegasi
Okay.
AJIsAwesome: if rainbow dash can make one than yes
Phase4: OH, YEAH..........
I forgot that. :D
00,02dat realization
Scoot-Scootaloo: :I
00,02Scoot-Scootaloo, no, technically it was a vortex
13murmur murmur rumble washing machine washing machine
so Scoot-Scootaloo , did you watch that video when it was being streamed <.<
:D
It was a Waterspout or Cyclone actually
00,02was'nt a weather pattern
lul
00,03I don;t know how to geometry!
wrong term Scoot-Scootaloo
It was magic! End of discussion!
00,03SHUDDUP! :D
goddamnit Scoot-Scootaloo :|
Welp, time for bread. Goodnight everyone <3 and thank you dearest Shizu
It's not rocket surgery!
Night LadyCanary :)
LadyCanary: Can I has bread too?
00,02night LadyCanary
00,03i could go for some bread...
/me 13covers canary canary with a warm blanket <3
night ladycanary
/me giggles happily~
Goodnight~
night LadyCanary sleep well
O_o
00,02so
00,02WHO is using the mainfraim
00,02mainframe'
Spectrum_Rush: Dafuq? :S
13bob
Phase4: inb4 eagle eye
13the guardians obviously
00,02bobs work better be very important
pika pi?
00,03BIg Brother
13oh but it is, he's helping enzo and dot with their talent show
00,02Shizuka, XD
13:3
/me 00,02hugs Shizuka
00,03I smell shipping...
00,02o_O
so awesome /)^3^(\
Scoot-Scootaloo: Must be Derpy.
I smell fried Scootaloo
:P
who want's some popcorn Scootaloo?
F.O.N.Y?
00,026 to 8 months
00,02i like how they dont write units on their values
Phase4: 68 months!
Derpy's revenge
Scoot-Scootaloo: http://i.imgur.com/iaveE.gif
00,02now they mention it, there isnt a title drop in this movie is there
Spectrum_Rush: You sunk my Battle Ship!
the movie?
No, the game
derpy advice #24 when your ship sinks never look underwater if it's clear enough it can make you go in shock
13don't think so
00,02clearly this scientist has no clue
Nope, not CGI at all. <_<
>_>
Green Peace - not so much ships as rements of tree debris
CRUSH
KILL
DESTROY
SWAG
HoodyNinja: http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/battleship-meme.jpg
13don't spam
I'm not laughing>_><_<
R-Dash: pika pi?
/me puts R-Dash in the timeout bucket
CRUSH
KILL
yepSP
DESTROY
SWAG
nope
R-Dash: Do you not get it? :S
*DESTROYS WALL*
R-Dash: *tilt's head*
Hey...
/me cuts R-Dash in half
brb restroom needed
Just piss in your bed
*TRANSFORM TO PISSER*
13R-Dash: Stop spamming.
0,14oi, R-Dash cut that out
/me slams bucket on R-Dash's head
our anti freeze has frozen
your face!
*MY FACE*
do you know how cold that would have to be?
Cypresswolf: Ha
I sense something, something i've not felt since... the last time someone ignored the mods
@#$%
and the kick is GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
00,02Scoot-Scootaloo, lolnice
otakon: Why not bring the restroom to you? :P
doesn't work that way
brb
Spectrum_Rush: So, about 3-4 days ago?
I call bullshit!
i'm going to sleep, good night everypony. hope you all have a pleasant night
Night, Ingwaz! :)
night Ingwaz
/me hugs Ingwaz goodnight
00,03wasnt a ban, but NO ONE IS COUNTING!
HoodyNinja: I guess, can't remember, nor care to
now where's R-dash
the scrap yard
the moon
moon scrap yard
he/she got esploded
I didn't do anything!>_><_<
night Ingwaz
DIS.
Shoud have been heavy rain.
I am Panis Cupcake
I will eat you
PAINIS_CUPCAKE: :I
has there been anyone here who hasnt spoke at all on bronystate
uh huh thats nice
00,02you'd think someone would have seen that
/me sigh
flutterchu: Lots of people.
bicyclerepairman: i dont remember you talking
00,02they are prety large
flutterchu: if they answered you, they would be speaking on bronystate
/me puts PAINIS_CUPCAKE in the timeout bucket
Really bro?
i knoq
How was I spaming
oh boy
lol john goodman
HERE WE GO
dis gon be gud
PAINIS_CUPCAKE: Not spammming, RP. :S
how are you not spamming?
whats the purpose of honking in stalled traffic?
13it's the cars talking to each other
weeping_pegasi82: BEcause spamming is reparing something
The RP in this chat is... not that bad, actually
I was spaming earlier
13sharing stories of their drivers
HA :)
buffer
DEM LIGHTNING BOLTS
im not trusting that ad
inb4 zombies
What in the actual hell am I watching
PAINIS_CUPCAKE: Movie
MEDIC!
13get a lot of cars honking at each other saying "check out dat mazda over there, i'd test drive that if you know what i mean"
0,14haha
Shizuka: :D
;)
lol
The Day That Occured After The Day Which Happened After The Current One
^
13meet the day after
Sorry
But this really isnt funny
13an eddie murphy picture
13neither are you
the day 5 days before a week from now
by michael bay
Bazing
Shizuka: NAither are you Mr. OMGUSPAMMING
13mister?
........................
here it comes
*facepalm*
PAINIS_CUPCAKE: R u un teh awetizm?
hoodyninja: what?
HoodyNinja: You know some people find that offensive
I dont have autism
But it is offensive
what...?
13again
13so are you
PAINIS_CUPCAKE: Only to stupid people
great incoming flame war
Who find everything offensive
does anyone else hear that "cluck" noise?
what is that?
HoodyNinja: You know! I just can take your seriously
otakon: Like a chicken sound?
boy, everyone seems butt flustered right now
HoodyNinja: Probably because your a brony
My stream froze :P
no like a loud clicking
PAINIS_CUPCAKE: can't
13i think they have a cream for flustered butt now
how does one grammar
Shizuka: I think your stream is clicking
13not me
00,03woo woo~
otakon: Oh.........that's probably the stream trying to catch up.
Shizuka: enope
*your stream*
Shizuka: it isn't you
13oh yes
why am I hearing clicking then?
13a click from stream means you're falling behind
can someone PLEASE do something about PAINIS_CUPCAKE?
weeping_pegasi82: Let them take care of it.
13don't worry when he gets back he'll do something stupid again
oh THAT'S why
Spectrum_Rush: Flustered does not mean the same thing as hurt, therefore you're not making sense. Not trying to be a dick, just thought i should mention it :)
it was me
dat scream
I had a damn wiki on and it ahs an active chat
EXTREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEME!
ihave another contest
13oh look
this is way more fun than the actual movie
HoodyNinja: wait what?
our friend is back
13someone's traveling at light speed towards a ban
Major Perfect Chaos viibes right npw..................
*now
lol
klaxa: All parodies are fun than the original
This makes the film somewhat watchable
Shizuka: I think hes gone to plaid already
Soo...
What is this?
what the... LoLiCoN: wrong recepient
Spectrum_Rush: You said butt flustered instead of butthurt, which, seemed clever at first, actually ended up not making much sense
Do people really just stand there looking stupid when something is going wrong like that?
I think LoLiCoN was trying to message me
Mozdoc: Movie logic. :P
You never know, people might actually stand and stare in shock
I prefer community
Crap
Meant to send that to klobb
Freeze time. Bad joke.
NERD!
am I being annoying?
HoodyNinja: no I didn't Shizuka did see [01:52:35] <@Shizuka> i think they have a cream for flustered butt now [01:52:36] how does one grammar
Anyone exited for Wreak It Ralph
who ares about Sibberia?
00,03weeping_pegasi82: no no, you're on the same level as everyone else!
cares*
Definately me. Finally something about video games that looks cool.
Spectrum_Rush: Um, we're not talking about the same thing, so I'm just going to forget I said anything. Sorry for being a dick
yeah, australia safe again
:D
HoodyNinja: you weren't
When is season 3 gonna come?
never
When it does.
Soon
13there is no season 3
I heard october
When the sun burns out
00,03It already did...
13it's just a nickname they're using to get money
season 3 comes out after HL3
it feels like its october
00,03...for Family Game night
Gabe newell got in charge of My little pony franchise and you know what that means
i was about to say...
13ohai trix
twilight_sprinkle: I was waiting for someone to refence episode 3
gtp noooooooooooooo
hai Shizu
What is a "3"? A misterable pile of time delay!
/me Falls down the stairs that leave to the chat
/me gives TheGreatAndPowerfulT a bucket of popcorn
*miserable
Hey everypony :)
13sam only saved her for the hat
AJIsAwesome: No, its something Valve cant count to
13it's worth at least three bunds
hey Ponies47
Ponies47: Hi :)
So let me get this straight...we left my dad's highrise condo with food, beds & a fireplace to get to "higher ground" in a public library with nothing? Good Job Sam!
hey ponies47
/me gives Ponies47 a popcorn bucket
Cypresswolf: IKR? :P
So, did this movie come before or after 2012
/me gives ponies47 soda
LoLiCoN: :S
13i think the reason they left the highrise was in case of winds
13iunno
Where is the part with the South Park parody with the two guys suggesting to huddle up for warmth?
13/)movie(\
I think this movie came out before '2012'.
LoLiCoN: This movie has been out long before.
Where the buck have I been all day/night? Illinois. Just got home like 10 minutes ago
Of course
13this movie is from like 2005
Movie Logic!
Phack yeah dogs
132012 is from 2009
2004
Shizuka: same damn movie
00,03Mindblown
we just reached the middle
This movie came out when I was in middle school.
Water proof electricity that should be invented
Shit...
Its 11 where I am at
It's 1 AM here.
It's 2:00 a.m. here
1 am here
it's midnight where I am
00,032am here. EST FTW!
:D
Scoot-Scootaloo: (\
est is so mlg
Yeah EST for me too
2am here also
00,03east coast is the beast coast~
west coast is best coast
twiligth_sprinkle, How to make reading less boring, care to help me?
Scoot-Scootaloo: West coast is best coast :P
Mess with the south, we knock you out
:s
West Siiiiiide!
had to
13mess with the midwest, die like the rest
I mean...East Siiiiide
*Gives everyone Hotdogs
oh thank you
AJIsAwesome: i already said that...
weeping_pegasi82: :I
HoodyNinja: Screw the South poor as country folk
Ohai Scoot-Scootaloo long time no see
ass
0,14ooh, that's a good one Shizuka
0,14too bad the midwest is as free as MURRICA :3
00,03sup emangamer!
AJIsAwesome: :P
he is doing Pay-per-call
DID SOMEONE SAY MURIKA?
dooood Scoot-Scootaloo We still never hung out ;(
Hi, emangamer! :)
Buytoast: everyone
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zo3UcnH8y3c
hey Emangamer
Here, have sum music
:) Burn whatever you can...but we're in a library what is there to O_O Oh nonononono NO NO! This is Bad
dat unallowed link
dat youtube link
00,03Saxy, we talked a LOT about Guilty Gear and King of Fighters...
LoLiCoN: Reed teh ruulz
ahaha
-lol....cheetos...
oh man that name
:D
0,14Scoot-Scootaloo, I'lljust go cry in the corner now
http://www.bronystate.net/rules/
00,03maybe next time buddy!
03 hmm...
00,03nah, he left~
Scoot-Scootaloo: but there wont be a next time for a lont time
He knows > http://i46.tinypic.com/353bi1e.png
He HAS to do this. Because if he does, he can brag to everyone who lives afterward that he did it!
13a wild slurry appears!
I read them
00,03No, it will come shortly!
And have no idea what rule I just broke
/me Noms on popcorn
03 Lolicon? I think he needs a name change. Seems a bit too sexual and erotic for this chat.
Spectrum_Rush: Time: 1:08
LoLiCoN: No video links during stream.
00,03The no youtube links.
13indeed, but he's on his last warning
Who is?
0,14looks like he bailed
I disconnected
00,03I read that bbook once, it made my mind horrible...
Old_Snake: LoLiCoN.
00,03book*
TAB FAIL! :|
I thought it mean "lol" icon :p
/me stomps in anger. :|
Lol. Scoot-Scootaloo you rock for saying that! :D
he's gone
/me puts AJIsAwesome in the timeout bucket
/me makes a run for it
/me sits on AJIsAwesome
says they read the rules, doesnt know which one they broke, rule in question is the third down
HoodyNinja: :I
thanks anyway twilight_sprinkle
i can't think of a caption for this http://i46.tinypic.com/353bi1e.png feel free to add anything
Spectrum_Rush: IKR? :D
00,03He broke the wools, he must dye!
DEM BOAT JOKES
/me does a redneck square dance
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: DOnt look at the buffer, dont look at the buffer
dat ИДР620
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Hang in there bro, Season 3 is on its way
/me breakdances
I nope
goddammit
two times in a row
00,03I is an MLG name...
13they cancelled season 3
/me backflips into a split thus crippling his legs
they did not
Scoot-Scootaloo pro gamer
13did too
O_O
snow board paradise!
Scoot-Scootaloo: DAT GRAMMAR :P
D:
13was all over the news
Season 3 is actually season 2.5
don't joke about that >:(
THE MIDDLE OF THE MOVIE!!!!!!!!
13it's true
Shizuka: What news?
00,03ikr?
He is not amused.
/me is amused
shizuka: I am not amused
Shizuka, re release season 2 with new hats
/me is passive
oh god I miss this name
it's so legit
13my best friend's sister's boyfriend's cousin heard from this guy who's going with this girl who saw season 3 pass out at 37 flavors last night
http://www.majhost.com/gallery/C-N/MLP/MLP3/60010_-_celestia_gabe_newell_gaben.jpg
13guess it was pretty serious
ether that or the timer is fucked up
excutive pwnage...ha
oH GOD NO!
not Celestia being chummy with Gabe!
13LoLiCoN_tHe_WeAbOo: I'm not going to warn you again. Change your nick, follow our rules, or leave.
we're DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMED
whats going to happen now season 3 is cancelled!?!?
well everypony I have to go
goodnight
00,03I'll take the third for 500$, Shizuka~
Bye, weeping_pegasi82! :)
bye weeping_pegasi82
Night weeping_pegasi82
otakon: *Takes a deep breath* DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO-
Am I breaking a rule?
Scoot-Scootaloo: You dont have 500$ :D
Here we go..........
LoLiCoN_tHe_WeAbOo basicly yes
nighty night weeping_pegasi82
http://static2.fjcdn.com/comments/even+as+a+zombie+fluttershy+is+still+adorable+_1b10fec96f7cb2bc59783820c7ecbf14.jpg
13AND IT'S KAMISHIMA WITH THE SWING
13IT'S GOING
13GOING
00,03I was gonna do it...
HOMERUN!
kimpatchi ramashama, why must you be so flippant
GRAND SLAM!!!
13mmm grand slam...
HOME RUN!
13i haven't had denny's in ages
Grand slam? ROGER FEEEEEEDERERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
^
0,14El Santo?
00,03Denny's :|
13you can fill out the paperwork if you want scoot :3
El santo is enough no need for the justice league
Shizuka: Have you been there for Baconalia?
13>in ages
Anyone try the Bacon Pancakes at Denny's
00,03Aw man, I ALWAYS do the paper work :'(
13i honestly can't remember when the last time i had denny's was
Oh yeah. :$
I love Denny's - dont even need to read the menu, just point to a picture :)
13but scoot it's the most important part of the job
mfw this is more activity from shizu than I've seen in over 6 months
combined
13you never call anymore :<
emantrollslayer: mfw you keep track
13are your fingers broken?
HoodyNinja: Destroy us all Destroy us all Destroy us all!!! I'll take the eggsalad. Destroy us all!!! D:
Shizuka: I sai hai whenever I'm online >:
derpy advice #25 dont drink when you THINK youre gonna die
00,03True, then again I don't ban many people nowadays~
flutterchu: Why not?
oh different joke, it was scootaloo my bad
HoodyNinja: derpy: THIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINK WHEN YOURE GONNA DIE
on a boat
I'mma on a boat muthua fucka I'm on a boat!!!
Chat is slow now :D
ah yes, Wassail
00,03Glasses wearing people are so Prp~
I got my flippy=floppys
oh however you spell it
00,03pro*
AJIsAwesome: It was before
I guess I'm Pro then. :D
/me 13pushes up her glasses
13and now
13everypony that wears glasses
13did too
glasses are too manestream
Shizuka: you wear glasses? :O
Shizuka: mfw I now wear glasses
00,03too bad I don't wear o_0
mfw my sucky friend wears glasses and isnt pro :s
Hipster or real glasses? :S Shizuka?
Scoot-Scootaloo: Don't they make glasses just for cosmetic reasons?
13have needed them since i was 11
oh
!stop
wops
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
00,03I have shades, do they count? 
13can't read more than like two feet in front of my face without
Thank you Tom >_>
/me puts Tom in the random bucket
00,02go where
00,02your plan is to go out into the snow
00,02and... walk?
^
13and go
Phase4: New Jersey
So Shizuka, your farsighted?
13where no one has frozen to death before
I hate it when I lose my white friends in the snow
i dont know what will happen to bronystate if it got cancelled.......
00,03It looks like a go job for snow job!
13i always forget the difference between the two.... everything is fuzzy past two feet ahead of me
00,03Ponyloverforever: We do what we always do :S
Ponyloverforever: We will still brony on
i wish you all would read my fanfic if i completed it (if that's okay with you)
yeah
13whole family wears glasses so definitely genetic
ill take a look at it
Make a Bronystate 2.0? :P
might not read tho
Far- you can see distance, near- means you can see up close
no matter what bronys always stay alive
AJIsAwesome: its at 2.0 atm
13oh
13can't see distance
PaladinDrakkenwolf: :P
Oh...so then your nearsighted
AJIsAwesome: make 2.1
PaladinDrakkenwolf: Or 2.5
Oh yeah, i have officially been on this sight for over a year now :)
Yay
13my very near vision is still good, can focus fine on kindle or network wiring
13but computer screens are just outside my range
Good thing I learned this in like 6th grade, otherwise it would be confusing for me. :P
13so glasses all the time like a filly
Have been on Bronystate since April, I think.
and then irony
Shizuka is best twist
oh the irony
PaladinDrakkenwolf: How was that movie?
it's really hard to make a cover on a fanfic
13also true story, when my parents first asked if i was getting to the point i needed glasses, they tested me using a D&D player's handbook from across the room
:D Mexico doing what the US won't - closing the border
AJIsAwesome: crap
00,02Shizuka, short sighted bro's /)
Lol. FiW RD is near sighted
Alright.
Shizuka: Werent those things tiny?
13(\
Shizuka: that is freaking amazing
13the print on the back of the PH :3
/)
00,03HEY! We don;t like no URRICANS taking our trabajos....
Farenheit 451 vibes.................
Okay
13specifically the headline on the back... which i still couldn't read at that distance
burn the food
now if anyone here is an artist i have a job for you
Hey, metal burns, if its hot enough.
Darnit movie :| Now you've done it! You've traumatized poor Twilight http://ponybot.net/pix/4801.gif
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: :D
I LIVE ON M&MS
Scoot-Scootaloo, Dey Took owr jerbs! D:
0,14I love this part
forget all the debt
0,14the ironing is delicious
lol ID4
13WELCOME TO URF
i need somepony here to transparent the backround of tord in this pictur-nevermind
or frezze
EVERYONE I HAVE ANOTHER CONTEST
They dun goofd
We come in peace
00,02bookshelves would burn well
00,03Damn Murricans, taking the jobs of hardworking Mexicans...
flutterchu: another contest? :|
Phase4 M&M would burn too
Tord's departure VS Edd's death
00,02i meen if they're treated your gona die of toxic gas, but books are probably also treated
Next they'll be taking the massive payckecks of us hard working chinese...
Books turn you on~ Twilight Sparkle
Chinese people don't get paid...
Yeah they do
:o
MOARFIRE :[
BURN IT ALL
BURN IT!
13burn burn fire fire
Build a Bunny Fire
13fire fire fire fire fire
13sorry
Bouncing Bunnies Burning Brightly!
Needs more spontaneous explosions.
*covers blind bag Twilight's eyes* dont watch
00,02Shizuka could fight this storm single handedly
like fire
hellfire
Burning in my skin
13pff detonator all the way
13PEWWWW PEWWWW it to death :3
Poor Angel
13maybe it's because 2 hours is practically short in movie time, but anyone notice how fast this movie is going?
Tornadoes are just a cover up story for everytime Chuck Norris sneezes
hi NewSuperBronyU
13doesn't feel like we should be 60% through already
have any of you heard of jeff the killer *tears falling out* *not giving a fuck*
HoodyNinja: Ikr
the Wise Hobbo
Shizuka: methinks the commentating makes it fly faster, even though its not
My mother and I wear glasses, but with opposite prescriptions.
hmm
It's Eli From Hl2!
buffer
00,02you could go through a window
00,02into a building
00,02with wampth
00,02i cant spell
00,02and food
13wampth
00,02one of those buildings must have food
wampth is essential for life
buffer
you can always find wampth inside
Oh, I was in buffer mode until I refreshed.
^
glass axe? interesting continuity point
Howd dood U spelle, "I can't spell?" :P
11,02Shizuka: :<
hi NewSuperBronyU
i guess you could say http://i45.tinypic.com/1zz009l.png *puts sunglases* She Froze
Pack broke apart and fell down the escelator
11,02Hai :D
Hello everypony, what are we watching?
00,02and then buffering
Rommulus: rifftraks
Rommulus, title is on the bottom
Hi, Rommulus! :)
Phase4: What were you trying to spell? wampth
warmth
00,02XAX, warmth
00,02basically i suck at english
/me feels so obsolete
00,02good thing its not my first language... oh wait
I wanted to see him land...
And they don't show his death..........:S
I suck at mandarin, probably because i've never learned a word of it or tried to.
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: kinda looks like she was gonna say she was frozen today
I can speak desu
:(
AJIsAwesome: Im pretty sure he went in the same way as their snowsled, snapped in half by falling directly onto the escalator railing
00,03French is my first language~
Spanish
00,02Engrish
then java
English, i've also been learning french
AJIsAwesome: What memories? I ran out after 2weeks, I only have 512 MB.
00,03then spanish then english then MURRIKAN
I am at my limit. :'(
Canadian so it's mandatory for french.
I know only english :s
it's the aliens from SiGNS
Phase4: Wampth sounds like an onomatopoeia for someone slamming into something squishy really hard
/me feels like an ass
HoodyNinja: Why?
XAX: Give me time, i can think of 3 better
00,02WORD GET: onomatopoeia
XAX: ifyouknowwhatimean.jpg
Woe is me
XAX: im think more along the lines of this http://derpiboo.ru/80974?scope=scpe77c71de3cc3677f37454044bf5fe78b1c1355027
AJIsAwesome: Because everyone I talk too from other places has to know my language, but I dont have to know theirs
00,02i want to learn japanese
^
Same here, Phase. :$
Me too Phase4
Spectrum_Rush: Is that image making a joke about what I think it is?
Thanks AJIsAwesome
/)
bai guise
off to bed
Night, emantrollslayer! :)
emantrollslayer: dream of ponies
bai emantrollslayer
XAX Ikr
Taco bell lol
bai emantrollslayer
SuperExtraLongNameHo: bad luck
It's a freaking miracle!
waitwut
what is this place filled with so many people I dont know?
XAX: :D My name cut off
XAX: depends
SuperExtraLongNameHo: I like your nickname. :D
there we go
00,02i like all the long nicks
00,02and then XAX
size doesnt matter
Phase4: lol
its how you use your nick
/me makes hand gestures and shadow puppets
00,02hmmmmm
00,02i now own this nickname :3
[SWAG]: why
Phase i'm dissappoint
:D
yolo bro, i only lifted once
00,02its mine, you cant have it
Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease
Phase4: you have a split personality? :O
Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease
Phase4: fuck, can't have [$WAG]
Phase4: :P
Y.O.L.O: Yellow Otters Love Orange.
Pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeese
*oranges*
HoodyNinja: ENUF
You Obviously Love Octavia
XAX: I was stopping :(
HoodyNinja: I know. :P
Yeah, that drumwork
Phase4: Did you seriously just register it?
HoodyNinja: Start stopping.
00,02XAX, /ns group, and yes
Phase4: lol
00,02change your nick to [SWAG] and it should tell you
k
What about when Haku joins?
Phase4: but your [SWAG] too, Phase4
AJIsAwesome: :D
Lol
Ah, registered
Phase4 well you don't need [SWAG] when you are ...
00,03Fillies don't know 'bout Phase4's swag~
DAT GROUP THERAPY
Motherbucking Legolas
XAX: http://derpy.me/2qjGA
/me epic points with his new installed arms
death to the red shirts
00,02pony18215, also protected
!!
00,02it auto changes your nick
00,03anyways night y'all!
00,02night scoo...
00,02he went fast
Spectrum_Rush: Lol
People don't know about Phase4's TM 87.
night Scoo..dammit
night Scoo
00,02AJIsAwesome, XD forgot about that move
Phase4: he always leaves very quickly
we sould call him that from now on
lol Digi Wolves
See you Scoots
XAX: theres a reason why i direct linked it :S
00,02yeah, what did happen to the crew
It was temporarily locking me out from changing my nick.
00,02they're kinda not there
Phase4: they got eaten by Raptors
Phase4 ghost crew
They left
I vote T-Rex
Of course this name would be reserved.
the T-Rex in the cargo hold got them
Vote for Pinkie Pie/ :)
otakon1: oh right it was the Rex...
Phase4: Entire crew is babies and well a dingo got loose...
Shizuka: thanks for the stream but I'm off to bed
they're on a boat in the middle of the city, why would they stay on?
Moon pies for the luna!
night all take care
otakon1: dream of ponies
I voted for Pedro once >_>
Night, otakon1! :)
goodnight otakon1
I don't dream anymore PaladinDrakkenwolf
Night otakon1
00,02Spectrum_Rush, them dingos man
night all, take care. Thanks again Shizuka
I haven't have good dreams in years.....:(
00,02the whole 'dingo ate my baby' thing came from one case where a couple was camping
see you otakon1
Phase4: bastards is what they are
All I have are weird dreams, freaky dreams, and nightmares.
Hmm Tabs don't work for me anymore how strange
00,02still not sure if guilty or the dingo did it
ok now it works
I have... strange dreams
hey
00,0210 degree's per second
AJIsAwesome: Same here, I try to avoid sleeping becauseof that
what is this
I have insomia at times
00,02i hope thats in Celsius, because otherwise its bugger all
i am xonfuzed
;)
I've stayed up to 3 AM in the morning sometimes just trying to sleep.
This is the US... we don't use Celcius...
^
Phase4: I sometimes forget your Austtrailian. :D
damn you Mozdoc
is this scary?
Austrailian
I recently stayed up still 2 AM trying to sleep.
No wait...I can't spell it right
00,02Australian
pow
ok no i
:[
They were Digi Wolves anyway, they felt nothing.
Space australia ?
or normal australia ?
maybe
Straya cunt
Last night I stayed up till 2 in the morning trying to sleep in a twin size mattress with 2 other guys
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9iwh7qEsv1rf5g10o1_500.png
I haven't had a good night sleep in a LONG time.
AJIsAwesome: Ive been there...
Hey everypony!! :)
AJIsAwesome: You're being hunted by the stalker
Hi, Ponyloverforever! :)
Ponyloverforever: Hey! Welcome back!
hi
Ha! Ann Coulter, shes the Conservative Bill Maher
whats this?
Have you guys heard of Candlejack? He never lets you finish your sentenc
Ann Coulter isn't that bad.
Candlejack? That bitch owes me r
ent
Kandarihu: OK, true, Bill maher is much worse.
I managed to escape from hi
00,02you ever tried to burn a book?
From who?
00,02they dont burn easy
yes
they do for me
HoodyNinja: Candleja
AJIsAwesome: Canldeja? Never hoid of him
AJIsAwesome: But not from me *AJisAwsome turns around and sees Rex Mundi behinfd him*
Rex_Mundi: AH!
AJIsAwesome: *hug*
Rex_Mundi: You gave me a heart attack!
MArco.
That tends to happen... since I like to sneak around in peoples vents and all
How far you get in Black Mesa Shizuka ?
13finished earlier today
AJIsAwesome: HoodyNinja http://static.tumblr.com/8iq0h5t/kvXlt8c9c/candlejack.gif
13streaming, up to blast pit
13started crashing at the wind tunnel
Spectrum_Rush: too tired -_-
aw
Rex_Mundi: dat cake?
That is cute
Rex_Mundi: DAWWWWWWWWWWW
Funny how Greece is coverd in ice but Mexico isnt
aww
DAWWWW :D
so mexico will become center of the worlds economy
Daawww
:)
Forty miles in five minutes. That's a fast walk!
0,14I actually have a friend who had a Lynz
I guess australia is the worlds superpower now.
I welcome our new Austrailian Overlords
SaxyPretender: What.
kinda sad
This is still weird... http://kazeco.cghub.com/files/Image/285001-286000/285453/354_stream.jpg
Patrick saaaaaaaaaaad
Rex_Mundi: They need centaurs in mlp
Rex_Mundi: wutwutwut
I wanna see if they can pull it off
Rex_Mundi: ...............
0,14*lynx
0,14Atari Lynx
:D
they need other Equine esche races in Equestria, Camels, Deer, etc
Marco.
Coltari
Those sounds]
so hammy
So how do the astronauts get home? Are there space ship launch pads in the southern hemisphere?
they die
They're inconsequental.
Teleportation
Or they have a BrotherBand guide them to Earth
