Civil War.
Why don't you guys sing more?
franchise*
Why do I keep getting pings?
Oh.
If you were an Alicorn what power would you want?
Allegr0/Gigabit wuts ur favorite Final fantasy?
Xaiden its on stream
If I bought you Mount and Blade Napoleonic Wars would you play it?
They have a 16 second delay from saying their names
Came back from a birthday..
Sigh.
Have you guys been watching the olympics?
BonBon you mean.
What's better: Bass Cannon or Party Cannon?
From 20:00 PM To 0:00 AM
2
Lol, that applies with Bonbon too
it was wiiiiiiiiiiiiild
http://derpy.me/vZuuB
Lol, so true
You should of seen the fuss when the Canterlot Wedding ads were posted
Two brand new characters getting married
Metal Gear Solid
Which one would you read: Cupcakes or Rainbow Factory?
GigabitHarmonie/Allegr0: Favourite Retro Console?
Metal Gear Solid is best franchise
I Spit my drink at the Soarin'-Rainbow dash picture
And danced in Happiness
No. Neither pony1553.
and everyone only cares about some djs eye color
not like theirs a problem, but really?
Soarindash is my OTP, just giving my opinion
i don't ship, sorry
Allegr0, How would you react to a Allegr0 x Gigabit shipping fiction?
its a free fandom
but i do read shipfics
they're cute..if done properly
most are, thankfully
Pics are cute if they are done well
CiderIsForDrinking: god help us all
11,01My Tumblr hit 20 followers today. Thought of drawing a Thank You drawing with my OCs.
Naw. I don't like shipfics. I like the way my fanfic is as is.
11,01What should I do?
same with fanfics too
hooray EA
Throw A pinkie pie party
but lots of pony fics are ship fics, sooo yeah
Yay for the C&C fans here! :)
What do you think of Survival Horror games? I.e. Dead Space, L4D, etc....
Yes, yes we have.
Well, I mean linsett, I write MLP fanfics.
C&C?
GilDash: Command and conquer ?
Oh you do?
I like to read MLP horrorfics
Somebronyyayhg3: Aye.
Q: If you had to ponify yourselfs what would your cutie mark be?
I Play iy.
*it.
I Play Supreme ruler 2020
11,01Hooray EA? Are you retarded?
GigabitHarmonie and Allegr0: will you ever try the Brony Challange?
they said hooray EA?
inb4 Nittany_Discord rage
13rawrity, where is rawrity
Internet Karoakr?
13make it happen
Nittany_Discord: :D
xD
Nittany_Discord: Dude, they made battlefield...
an Allegr0 WHAT shipping?
/me gives Shizuka a rawrity plush toy
andherewego.gif
I Love Old Games
Xaiden|Okari: EA DIDNT MAKE BATTLEFIELD. dice did
I HAVE A GAME THAT IS MADE IN 1999
True...
AND ITS AWESOME
woah there Nittany_Discord , hes prolly joking
Sugarcube! DRINK!!
WOOOOOT
twilight_sprinkle: stop, lets see this through
KH
Hooray EA and Origin!
GigabitHarmonie: What's your favorite horror game/movie?
I Downloaded it
FFX is an awesome game!
yay ff10!!!
Bronysith: he is so trolling
ooooooh Nittany_Discord is going to smack a bitch
ff7 is best pony
FF10. My first PS2 game
FFXII is my favorite.
fops: /)
WUT?
The game that was made in 1999 is so old that is OPen source
hey :)
:D
hoi fops
11,01MFW someone says they love EA: http://static.fimfiction.net/images/avatars/15744_256.jpg
11,01:p
Allegr0 GigabitHarmonie Bronystate Pop quiz, say 5 bronystate related memes
Now to Supreme ruler 2020
Nittany_Discord: :D
Amen Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord: phff. Who doesn't love EA? :3
Nittany_Discord: mine is just "i dont want to live on this planet anymore" pic
Now going to Georgia and Digging my way up to DC
Allegr0 and I are going to get along well :P
Agrold: any true gamer
:P
yes
yus
Yes
I'd suppose N64 counts as retro
anything more than 2 generations ago is considered retro
13trash 80
Gamecube will be consider retro in 10 years
/me oh god it burns!
OH SHNAP GigabitHarmonie
I can feel it
OH GOD
/me gives Nittany_Discord an anti material rifle with corrosive rounds
/me dies
Canadian_Brony: once all the new consoles come out it will be
11,01Brony challenge: Watch every MLP ep back-to-back.
11,01I think.
within 24 hours.
the brony challenge is watching every episode of both seasons consecutively. it lasts almost 24 hours
GigabitHarmonie Allegr0: Watch every MLP ep in one sitting
Ive done it.
Been there done that
/me is a ghost :3
I'ma Dead Space freak
Goodnight everypony! :)
Night GilDash
Nittany_Discord the Ultimate Brony Challenge is to watch every single pony ep. 19 hours of pony. You get bonus points for no alcohol.
night GilDash
I would do it on my 360 but it doesnt play the youtube video
gnight Gildash
Cya Gildash
g'night GilDash
bye GilDash
11,01Cya GilDash
Same
bye GilDAsh
Not each one, EVERYONE AT SAME TIME
we streamed that before the Season 2 premiere -_-
Q: What would your cutie marks be in real life?
Nittany, won't you guys be running every MLP ep back-to-back right before Season 3 starts (Leading up to the premiere)? I thought I heard someone say you'd do that
11,01JESmith71: Don't know.
Spriggals: Lazyness
I need to the Ultimate Brony Challenge. The best I've done is a drinking game
Hell yes
11,01Hi Scoot-Scootaloo!
00,03That JakeHeritagu guy... he scares me
JESmith71: that would take a LOT of dedication from the streamers
Do any of you collect the G4 toys?
11,01He's drunk.
wow, they are caught up with chat
apperently Nittany_Discord doesnt like me saying ''Hooray EA''
I knoooow
11,01He was pretty cool when we interviewed him.
00,03Yeah, but DAYUM
Earth Pony,Unicorn or Pegasus?
VioletVanilla! hello!
ohai Scoot-Scootaloo
who me?
Nittany_Discord: ._.
telling Nittany_Discord you like EA is like telling me you like shipfics
11,01:p
00,03I don't see a scootaloo in the stream >: (
Caramel minds think alike
hehe Caramel
Earth Pony,Unicorn or Pegasus?
Q: Favorite Gun?
a shipfic about EA?
11,01I see Rainbow Dash!
I am happy
I haz Mars bar
11,01EA x Activision shipfic.
^
11,01I would read it if it wasn't r34.
^
00,03MLG Pokemon Ubers tier!
Who breaks the 4th wall more Pinkie or Deadpool?
Nittany_Discord can you do that? Can you ship companies?
http://www.toywiz.com/mlpsinglecard1.html
Earth Pony,Unicorn or Pegasus?
Allegr0/Gigabit whats your favorite star wars movie?
There are non-r34 shipfics
11,01You can ship their employees and CEOs.
Q: favorite way to pull an all-nighter?
I have only seen 1 RD toy, and she looked G3.
11,01Ricottello x Kotick
Im sad.
Im from argentina
00,03Scoots x Loo
And theres G3 Pony commercials
11,01Pegasus FTW.
Im sad.
Have you ever played Shadow of The Collosus?
my OC is an Earth Pony
00,03...maybe
my OC is a pegasus
Canadian_Brony: me too
speaking of MLG, LoL Arena finals tomorrow
How about Alikorn.Unicorn Pegasus
Q: Earth Pony,Unicorn or Pegasus?
00,03Guns that shoots bullets are best guns
My OC is a unicorn
pegasus is best ponytype
Secret World is free this weekend. I forgot.
i choose Pegasus
LoL....ugh
i'm sick of that game
00,03Barry 50 cal <3
my favourite gun is Twilight Sparkly
11,01Guns that shoot toilets are cool.
*Sparkle
Im playing Supreme ruler 2020 while watching this
ahhh the gravity gun
REVOLVERS FUCK YEA
00,03No love for the Spas-12 :(
made HL2:DM the best competitive game ever
Already Took Atlanta As Argentina
HL2: DM*
stupid emoticons...
Activison or EA?
Favorite gun= The mk-14
Favorite Lotr?
11,01I was horrible at HL2:DM
13sleep?
11,01Horrible.
11,01XD
sleep is for the week!
00,03:D
weak*
13Q: wtf is sleep?
^
Allegr0 Who breaks the 4th wall more, Pinkie or Deadpool?
^
00,03But it's MLG :(
I pull all-nighters with TF2, Coca-Cola and ponies
Sleep? We have Ponies!
that game got INSANE once you started throwing in silenced magnums, crossbow reverbs and bunny hopping
Have you ever played Shadow of The Collosus?
Shizuka: when you die, but you don't die, you just die
Q: Preussens or French?
Allegr0 GigabitHarmonie you have an OC ? cause i demand a link to them :p
What do you drink to keep you awake?
Sleep.... dont make me laugh :D
Oh gawd that.
11,01Shizuka: That part of the day you go to bed and start forgetting what happens after.
Yeah, deadpool.
00,03What is the meaning of life? 
42
13but i forget what happens during the day
00,03Oh wait, too easy...
I'm expecting a rule 34 on pinkie and deadpool in 10 seconds flat
oh god ^
13Ilchymis: Not here you aren't.
Do you want to see Gilda and Trixie return in season 3?
I've almost turned nocturnal
Sumica, if you love SNES music, I have a link that you would LOVE, but I got to go soon, and people are getting kicked for posting non-image links even though it's not a video.
almost
00,03Question for Gigabit: Who is your favorite Brony celeb?
Shizuka: Hahaha, ofc not here.
where on reddit?
Now to Update On the Supreme ruler 2020 playing for me
GigabitHarmonie Allegr0: what's your reddit?
Allegr0 4th wall brakers what about freakazoid? ._.
Georgia and Florida is now Argentina
Ilchymis, no she means dont even mention it here.
00,03Off cast!
I'm just gonna put it on my chatbar and send it the instant the stream goes down.
I see, will do.
00,03dummy :P
The Chinese are helping in the west.
00,03... Noted
yay
Scoot sounds drunk
00,03I am not drunk >: (
:D
i dont go to reddit, but Allegr0 and GigabitHarmonie i would LOVe to have a link to your oc's because i know a few people
GigabitHarmonie: Email?
bronystatepodcast@gmail.com
00,03^^^
what kind of question is that? pegasus
13unicorn..
lol. We probably all know our OC
pegasus of course
Unicorn ofc
imune to cold, can control the rain, can fly
id prollly go unicorn since unicorn is op
11,01Pegasus.
Earth Pony
earth pony ofc
I can just cast a flying spell
00,03Unicorns are OP :|
13crosspost to /r/mylittlepony
13get more attention
What's their reddit?
Bye Allegr0 and GigabitHarmonie!
unicorn~
others are too mainstream *equips hipster glasses*
ikr, Shizuka?
http://askprincessmolestia.tumblr.com/image/28739686554 megusta
unicorn ofc then use magic to get wings= win
Pegasus.
bye Allegr0 and GigabitHarmonie :)
baii~
Bye Allegr0 and GigabitHarmonie!
Sumica, http://snesmusic.org/
/me makes a note of it to not be on at 9pm est
buy to both of you:)
bye*
<3
Baaaiiiiiii
See you later!
bai Allegr0 bai GigabitHarmonie
tnx Allegr0 and GigabitHarmonie :#
bye :3
:$
Cya
bye! see yall next week!
awkward silence
Soooo..... What now?
Now what :I
Thank you Allegr0 and GigabitHarmonie for the always awesome stream.
the sun will be coming out soon
Oh, it was Allegr0 who talked about loving the SNES sound hardware?
maybe i should sleep.........naawww
nope
Maybe some TF2...?
nighttime is pony time
and u know it
no
BLBLBLBBLBBLBBLLBBLBLLBBLL
linsett: dude it's 4:30 AM
dont request ponies please
only little girls watch ponies
lol its like 10:30 where i am
Unless SB wants to followup on those requests :P
linsett: england here
it's 11:35 pm here
....
Lol It's 11:35 over here 6_9
11:34AM. Wew.
11,01Thanks for 20!: http://nittany-tiger.tumblr.com/post/28702071327/20-followers
11,01Tell me what I should do for 20 followers?
11,01.
SHIZ
say thank you?
yay Shizuka
it's 5.35am here.. damn I need to go to bed soon:P
and then Shizuka stream ~
12:35 AM HERE
ay Shizuka stream
Suddenly the Shiz
rifftrax....
Heck yes!
oh. it's like 10:30 pm in louisiana
00,03EWWW ponies :|
Really? Its only 10:35 heere
lol Rifftrax Revenge of the Sith
I drank 5 hour energy earlier
13cross fingers, hooves, say your mantra three times, and hope comcast doesn't fall apart again and again this time
|Ah ha! Here it is
ooh what movie is this?
i didn't sleep last night or tonight. why am i not tired?
8:36pm here
Shizuka: riffrax on star wars?
Wow its only 9:30 here~
12:35 AM IN ARGENTINA
omg Shizuka 's streaming! I would throw a muffin at you, but I left them all on the moon.
linsett: You live in louisiana too? /)
Revenge of the sith?
Nittany_Discord: Aww... I just followed... :(
oh
Rifftrax? ugh. I can't stay up that late
These guys
<FUS_RO_yay> yeah
11,01You can still suggest Xaiden|Okari
Are we watching this again
heroes on both sides?
WTF
WAR
HEROES ON BOTH SIDES?!
"If you can see this, you don't need glasses."
night everypony
dat rifftrax
awww.... only one video in the line-up for today Shizuka? :<
WHAT IS IT GOOD FOR?
hope everypony enjoyed the show! I'll be around to answer questions you may have/link OC's / enjoy the next stream :)
For a moment I thought this wasn't going to be shown
Nittany_Discord: Suggest? Could you inform me what that would be? I'm relatively new to tumblr
is fus ro ya still here?
fus ro yay
Episode 3 is my least favorite Star wars
FUS_RO_yay linsett wants to know if you are here
Oh wait what?
Sorry yeah
hi!
oh ok
not surprised i'm the only brit here, it's a ludicrous time to be on the net
Hey bronies My dad's going to london this week
Whatcha need linsett?
Whos doing the commentary?
11,01That's the "Ask" button.
11,01In Tumblr.
Shooeie Rifftrax
Have 20 billion dollars, throw together some CG special effects, then at the last minute realize you need to put some words in it
<FUS_RO_yay> youre from cajun country too?
linsett: Hell yeah.
Shooeie Rifftrax, aka the MST3K guys
"Jar Jar Binks" and "Funny Stuff" do not mix
woohoo!
;)
linsett: Born and still being raised.
00,03MFW I liked this movie :/
"Jar Jar Binks" and "I WANT TO BLEACH MY EARS!!!" is more like it
<FUS_RO_yay> yeah same here. u in the big easy?
Scoot-Scootaloo: do you like it better than the OT?
11,012 or 3 were the best of the prequels.
00,03AWW Hell naw!
When you see Jar Jar you want to have vISION BLEACH
I don't watch Star Wars much
Nittany_Discord: Agreed
11,01I think the pacing of the prequels was bad, though.
Scoot-Scootaloo: okay good....i dont have to murder you now
I have little opinion towards these movies
linsett: I might be here, but im an inside person so i dont know what that means, lol. I live in Youngsville,
/me leaves
We saw it once, now we'll actually enjoy it
seeya [Al-
hmm
<FUS_RO_yay> I meant New Orleans XD
11,011 and 2 were slow, so they had to speed up 3 so they could get the end of 3 to match 4.
linsett: Ah, the other Sin City.
Nittany_Discord: Third in the start has one heck of a good battle scene
<FUS_RO_yay> Lol, yes
11,01They could have introduced the clone army in 1.
lol smurf powerd
11,01Instead of farting around on Naboo.
linsett: I do like going there every now and then.
<FUS_RO_yay> I'm in Covington
linsett: Ah, what are you doing up there?
OH! Nevermind! My family's watching the original MST3k
See ya!
Nittany_Discord: WHy do you think George started Star Wars with the 4th episodes?
*episode
<FUS_RO_yay> I live there, duh
linsett: I thought you just said your from New Orleans -_-
*books
oh
:o Shizustream and Riff? :D
CriticKitten eeyup
<FUS_RO_yay> I didn't say that I only asked you that because New Orleans is well known
Shizu stream is best stream :3
XD
11,01Apparently, there's air?
<FUS_RO_yay> like think louisiana most think new orleans
how is there lightning is space?
11,01Something pushed that droid off.
13they're in the upper atmosphere
ah
Force lightning?
linsett: I thought most people think of food.
I get it now
11,01Makes sense Shizuka.
13and going pretty fast, so the very little air that would be up there is just enough to provide resistance and conduct splosions
<FUS_RO_yay> That too
Shizuka is best logic scientist
I always loved that droid that made the dying sound
linsett: mmmmm I want some gumbo now, thanks a lot. -_o
It's a trap!
<FUS_RO_yay> Hey, I have beignet cravings now.
oh look, big ugly and stupid in the . . . metal?
Droid CARS
I can't say flesh
cuz he doesn't have much, if any
11,01Droids have crap reaction times.
linsett: Lol Cafe Du Monne or however you spell it.
Nittany_Discord: ikr?
11,01And crap attention spans.
basically, droids are crap
got it
hey Nittany_Discord i followed your tumblr
<FUS_RO_yay> Cafe du Monde and yes
11,01Thanks Pudge
can you follow if you don't have tumblr?
linsett: Theer quality has decreased over the years though
their*
11,01Canadian_Brony: No.
11,01You have to create an account.
11,01You don't have to use it.
buffer
I see
00,03MFW I have a Twitter :'(
eww twitter
<FUS_RO_yay> Last time I was there was like a year ago
Hehe. Twitter.
11,01I originally created a Tumblr account just to follow other tumblrs and contact people for interviews.
/me 13nuzzles canary canary~<3
time to start scribbling random notes on an index card and lost it
linsett: I havent been to New Orleans in a year.
same here i just created one to follow others
I dont understnad social media
<FUS_RO_yay> I wouldn't know about the restaurants decreasing quality
Its a trap
This level was soooooooo easy in the lego video game
Scoot-Scootaloo atleast they don't hack your account without telling you and say it was a "White-hat hacker"
^ reason why I closed my account
Easy because it was the first Episode III stage I guess
"I want a muffin."
linsett: Tourists couldnt tell. They just wanna eat some and say it was delicious because they can.
ROFL
/me 11,01hugs LadyCanary
/me is hugged.
O
MUFFINS!!
LadyCanary I would throw a muffin at you, but I left them on the moon. Sorry.
<FUS_RO_yay> I think the beignets are fine, only thing is that the place is severely understaffed.
11,01Lol.
11,01Nom nom Jedi Chow.
linsett: Well, its a big area, almost always overflowing with customers, its almost impossible to be correctly staffed.
". . . and now your dead. The end."
irs lol
can't remember where I heard that
"He's due for a sequel."
<FUS_RO_yay> You're right about that, but still, the beignets still get people to keep on coming back, so how exactly is the restaurant declined?
*declining]
11,01XD
Dat Wilhelm
Wilhelm
was that the Wilhelm Scream? Seriously?
linsett: I just think the quality of the food itself has decreased.
I'm impressed
linsett: Still good though.
Wait , why is a ship falling in space ?
<FUS_RO_yay> Yeah it's still good in my book as well
Hey everypony! :)
they're above a planet
LOL Greivous
Hey Sabershy
hi Sabershy
Well, im gonna go ahead and leave everyone. Bye everypony!:)
Bye FUS_RO_yay!
Bye <FUS_RO_yay> It was nice talking with you
seeya FUS_RO_yay
linsett: you too.
11,01Cya FUS_RO_yay
<FUS_RO_yay> 'Night. ;)
problem
*s
Ok guys I'm going now, nice chatting with everypony. Night!
g'night linsett
why are we so quiet suddenly?
night, linsett
Magic
who knows
People ran out of bad jokes
*insert bad joke*
13stream ist putting ponies to sleep .-.
/me 13ist used to it..
Shizuka: It's 5 Am here... :P
Speaking about sleep
Shizuka it isn't even 9pm here
Spiderthatguy
Vordox me too
I couldn't sleep if i wanted too
Shizuka: I'm very much awake while watching the stream :)
besides, I've never fell asleep during one of your streams
Pft, Shizu, you silly filly. I always stay up for your streams. :3
I'm strong willed so falling asleep during being here is impossible
i havent slept at all in the past 2 nights. WHY am i not tired?
whats sleep
caffeine?
Shizuka: After BMN, I am amazed anyone is still really alll here. Most would be tired of sitting in front of a computer screen for 6/7 hours...
dat half ship
sleeping is all ive been doing but im sick actualy if i wasn't sick probbaly never would of found this site XD
Sabershy: some of us just idle here
Muffins.
00,02ooo, rirrtrax
We can tell bad jokes
most of us are idle here
ohai Phase4
They crash and die, movie over
NullRadix: Same here.
hi Phase4 :)
Sabershy since movie night, I've gone out and ran 3 miles. I've been kind of dead since
13okay.. i sell the dreadnought!
why does everyone hate this movie? I thought it was the best one!!!
the what?
Shizuka what is that?
13you should read Darths and Droids
00,02^
I like this movie...'s action at the end of the 2 hour filler. :)
XD
The prequels are based on fillers
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music Vocal/Remix: A Tale Of Honesty / Discord's Anthem / She Didn't Put Those In Her BAHG
Anakin doesnt have a good reason to turn evil
Shizuka I don't need an explanation for that, even if I've never heard of it
00,02i read about this movie, and what happens
xD
XD
00,02have watched it through more than once
00,02and still i have no clue whats happening
>_>
Shooeie: Third was atleast very good with it's action and battle scenes
dem swears
lol
Phase4: That is some dedication to a movie.
00,02Sabershy, not realy, by 'read about' i meen daths and droids plus some other stuff
Haha
a new gay chip :D
Spoiler Jar Jar isnt dead this movie
00,02the 'seen multiple times' is because it happened to be on tv or something
Jar Jar should had been the Sith Lord
Jar Jar never dies.
WWWHHHHAAAATTTTT?!?!?!?!?
Spriggals: conkers bad fur day?
00,02http://www.escapistmagazine.com/news/view/118883-CLOP-is-QWOP-With-Unicorns
Or for the second time on stream, :D
He's secretly alive when the Emperor dies and takes over in their absence.
Yep
Phase: Linked that a few days back. 'tis awesome, no?
Spriggals: that's not the end of conker's bad fur day
Dat attack
I never found out, what happens to JarJar at the end of this movie?
It is now
Nothing.
:P
Nothing
really
13he's allowed to live
Thats the sad part
13worst part of the whole series right there
Jar Jar should have the death sentence. He is responsible for a war IIRC.
what shizuke the movie/
Dat metal flank
EVERY building.
lol
dat penis joke
exactly
mfw wherefore doesn't mean "where"
LOL
00,02CriticKitten, its a little easier than QWOP
I've never read Romeo and Juliet
Anchor baby joke, wow. XD
Brony
They both die
but I know I'll have to read Shakespeare in English 11
yup
Phase4: God I'd hope so, QWOP is pure pain
eeeeeeeeeyup
Forceshadow
00,02CriticKitten, well its not easy, but quadripeds are natuallry more stable
00,02POWERPUFF GIRLS
Padme x JarJar OTP. Ogodwhy
We never get any new books. If I'm going to read something, I dont' want it to be 50+ years old. I want to learn English, not History!
why are they hating this movie sooooo much?
Jar Jar is alove
Xaiden|Okari: thats what they do
alive
Xaiden|Okari: they dont have any other humor
lol
But why???
Xaiden|Okari: because non-insult humor is a lot harder
Its nothing more than fillers
I'm rather neutral about the Star Wars series.
xD
So was I before i saw the prequels
XD
lol
I feel like poking fun at the prequels is fine. It's when people bitch insessantly that it gets a bit much :P
imo sw3 was as great as the originals
minues the high ground
/me just lol'd at that singing line
well guys, i'm gonna get outta here so i can pass out on a bed
Puppet yoda was better than CGI
bye BronyInstrumental
g'night BronyInstrumental
G'night brony
night
too lazy to spell out your name
Xaiden|Okari: According to canon: Jar-Jar realizes his role in the Sith takeover and actually learns to shut the hell up. The Emperor recognizes that thanks to Jar-Jar, he was easily able to take control. Therefore, Palpatine gives Jar-Jar a luxurious life until, presumably, either/both dies.
one of the good things about this movie was that for once love wasnt the ultimate good, and its demonstrated how love can be just as evil as hate and such
brb. My flank is killing me
That was bad. XD
Sabershy: Doesn't he say "Wesa free" at the end of the new "Return of the Jedi"?
No it was fear
....they added him to Return?
._.
Fear caused annie to do all these bad things
CriticKitten: Eeyup
....
Who's doing the commentary?
Azuredragon Rifftrax
they do movie commentaries
/me raises his paws into the sky and gives a Spoony-esque "BETRAAAAAAAAYAL" scream.
CriticKitten: This means that Jar Jar gets the last line in the series. Think about that. :|
Dat ghost
11,01XD
Shooeie: fear caused by love
LMAO
Mace Windu should i said that
Shooeie: it was his unobjective love towards padme above anything else
11,01You're still a n00b, Annie.
If you count there is only 3 black people in all of star wars
Love how they keep giving him more typical Samuel Jackson dialogue. XD
Why?
it's funny
Ummmm. HELLO EVERYPONY! and how long was I playing TF2? O_O
lol
I'm actually somewhat curious, why do they need the Wookies?
hi Ponies47. Not sure
00,02i just completed qwop
Peace or some shit
good night everypony
all dem swears
00,02i jumped 0.3 meters
g'night Pudge
Sabershy: He's in the new "re-edited" version. There are at least three versions of RoTJ
Cya Pudge
you JUMPED?!?
Canadian_Brony: It was a pretty long time O_O
CriticKitten: Slaves? >_>
Night Pudge
I can't walk in QWOP
hoi Ponies47
Sabershy: This is the Republic, not the Empire. So the slave excuse doesn't fly.
Bye Pudge. :)
Hey twilight_sprinkle
bye Pudge
Treason is fine during war. *nod*
dat cat
ster wors again?
eeyup
How did annie get that scar?
oh my, character and story development, the horror
00,02Canadian_Brony, i didnt wa;lk
quick, lets insult it
00,02i inched along using qw and his right knee
Phase4 I can't even get to that without f*cking it up
Keeps callin me shaft, LOL
ROFL
Where did this prophecy come from, incidentally?
The reason this feels so dull is because this scene, like many others, is done in shot-reverse-shot. Bluescreen is a double-edged sword :P
00,03Im off too. Night y;all!
LOL
gnight Scoot-Scootaloo
night Scoot-Scootaloo
g'night Scoot-Scootaloo
That last line was the best one. XD
"Off, it pisses me."
I think I missed it
dammit
Bronysith: its your favourite movie
CriticKitten: My favorite is still "penis-headed ghost of Hamlet's father" XD
I'm losing it, this is funniest one I have seen from these guys XD
/me cocks a revolver next to superretroworld s head
superretroworld: you want to reword that?
13best line here
ohai Bronysith
What? XD
which one?
CriticKitten: Some research shows that Wookies were pretty just much like humans: beaing capable of flight, trade, and has the ability to be able to use the force.
which is best line?
13coming
wth are they watching
*poker face*
Sabershy: Along with dozens of other alien races.
Bronysith: i thought you liked star wars?
They had no real "purpose".
superretroworld: this isnt star wars
not sure if that was the line . . .
Sabershy: Why do they specifically need the Wookies?
13here
LOL
13best fourth.. fifth wall breaking riff ever
Night everyone. Time to sleep...
does the paintchat on this site work?
Night Reikim|AWAY
lol
bye Reikim|AWAY
g'night Reikim|AWAY
night Reikim|AWAY
Xaiden|Okari: it did work a few hours
Shizuka I don't get it
Bronysith: oh its rifftrax, nevermind
go ahead, facehoof
Xaiden|Okari: should still work
twilight_sprinkle: Well it's just Java's not loading
superretroworld: episode 1-3 is not star wars
HA
13as in
13what mst3k does
CriticKitten: Who knows? After the Sith took over, the Wookies continually fought against Palpatine, finally angering him into making the whole race as "slaves"
Shizuka oh
twilight_sprinkle: but that might just be because I have a bad computer
Bronysith: ik, i thought since you were a big fan of star wars you liked all of them
im a libertarian
He's a fan of the originals
Xaiden|Okari: i just checked, it worked
superretroworld: um...a big fan of star wars hates the prequels...
I'm sorry, but I'm not laughing. I should lay off the caffeine . . .
Xaiden|Okari: didnt work on a dif pc for me btw
twilight_sprinkle: I guess it doesn't work on G-Chroome
Moo
Bronysith: yeah good point
Xaiden|Okari: im using chrome
Chroome?
CHROOOOOME
my bad
Lolz
Chroooome is best internet browser
Amen.
better than IE
hello ppl
hi HellsFortune
Agree'd,
Pfft. OPERA is better than IE XD
/me is curious if this is canon or if this is just supposed to be Palpatine being a lying shit.
You read my mind Petrified_Discord.
hmm... what am i watching ? ;o
i wonder if the new IE is as good as they advertise :P
the only use I see in IE is downloading a new browser
lol
Dryer lint? XD
HellsFortune Star Wars III with Rifftrax
hm.. ok :)
Er, that's not actually ironic
Suddenly Avatar.
Palpatine on Tape
the soundtrack for this movie was amazing in my opinion
/me slaps twilight_sparkle
Nope. :)
Commentary seems to make this bearable
Just listen to Alex Clare, the music to their new ads, and smile.
Alpha, that's their job, making terrible movies fun to watch
Survivor is stupid. Some people quit their jobs to stay on the show. Imagine how that would look on your resume.
11,01Hi.
ohai Nittany_Discord. Did you leave?
bonjour Nittany_Discord !
11,01I was copying stream.
Well i like these guys then.
Hi Nittany_Discord
Nittany_Discord: hey
11,01I've been here a while.
this looks like Battlefront II
night everyone
bye Thrackerzod
g'night Thrackerzod
LOL
night Thrackerzod
Dat WWI ref
[Alpha], you've seen MST3K right?
11,01Later Thrackerzod
How did the war in star wars begin?
what does ww1 have to do with this...
night Thrackerzod
A muffin started the war.
/me gives hugs to everone
No
yeah, Battlefront II took this scene and used it as a scenario
/me 11,01hugs Thrackerzod
ah well... time to go again, cya later :)
Xaiden|Okari: youve never seen the movie?
Hello Nittany_Discord. Having a good day? :)
bye HellsFortune
seeya HellsFortune
Ohai Nittany_Discord
twilight_sprinkle: I did, I just was like 5\
11,01Sabershy: I guess. It's been a long day.
Dat face
11,01And hi Ponies47!
11,01XD
Xaiden|Okari: well i would suggest you rewatch it, its a good opportunity to experience
[Alpha] it was a TV show that these guys doing the commentary used to do. Look it up on YouTube.
why not electrostatic force, or gravitation force
I would grab a Flachette Shotgun on Engineer and hop in a tank. Mowin' em down!
Nittany_Discord: Sorry to hear that. Anything I can do to help?
Okay I shall do that later
OF THE FUTURE
11,01Sabershy: I'll be fine. Thanks for the offer.
11,01There's not much you can do.
Oh incase any of you don't know already. I have made a new Skype "Ponies47" is my username. Feal free to add me. But I can't do any calls yet. I still don't have a mic and webcam. Atleast not yet :P
Moulin Rouge . . . where have I heard that before . . .
NC
VS
Nittany_Discord I would throw a muffin at you if I didn't leave them all on the moon.
Lol?
Anakin's mad because he doesn't have his cutie mark yet. :D
The script tells me I should have more....
Nittany_Discord: Alright then... :(
Petrified_Discord: :D
Petrified_Discord: THATS THE SOLUTION!! GET THAT MAN THE CMC!!!!!!!!!
u mad vader?
Xaiden|Okari: Cutie Mark Crusader Sith Lords! YAY! :D
awwwwwww yeah
/me 11,01hugs Sabershy. The only help I need is financial, and I need that a lot, but I can't use people for money.
/me accepts the hug.
lmao
Haha, we are in the same boat then. Just got pay. 600 goes to rent, so that leaves me with 100 left. Which I just spent on food and gas...
wtf someones talking
dats me
yeah, uts not like that spaceship rising had any meaning or anyting
hi Waffles. That's the guys on Rifftrax doing a commentary
13goofy wan balogna is best jedi
The Mooooooostifar system
gooby plz
hi everypony
Lol!!!
hi IIFierceDeityII
11,01Shizuka: Agreed. XD
rifftrax :P
Say "volcanic planet" five times fast :P
hey IIFierceDeityII
lmao
streaking
"volcanic planet" five times fast :P
Shizuka: Agreed
woo!
POW
hELLO THERE
keeel hem
hey Xaiden|Okari
hello
Sheep. I'm thinking of Endhiran.
Ughh, no I"M QUOTING THE MOVIE! XD
Lol :D
They failed the QTE
Uh, why?
Man Rifftrax is having ALOT Of fun in this one :D
id rather dance :D
use "Quotes" for quotes
You have hundreds of droids there, he can't possibly outgun them all.
Just let them attack you idiot.
Spiny hands, me jelly
Dance!
dance!
CriticKitten IKR?
CriticKitten: what do you think
11,01XD
Xaiden|Okari: me too
6_9
ONE HAND GONE
lol
wuwuwuwwuwuwub
TWO HANDS GONE
CriticKitten: its because he has the opportunity to kill himself, and even if he fails, they kill him.
sound of a lightsaber spinning
lol
Clone troopers
dafuq
CriticKitten: its called arrogance and revenge.
The general is pretty lame in the movie :(
Yeah...
it's Rifftrax
Spider
but essentially, yeah
seems legit
11,01Lol.
i think in the time it too for him to board and activate that thing, he could have killed him
twilight_sprinkle: I think Ep2 established that a large enough swarm of droids can kill even a squad of Jedi. This is ONE Jedi. He has a chance to kill one of the lead generals without much effort or loss, then he could spend his time hacking through the entire incoming fleet himself.
So for a "general", Grevious is showing that he's kind of an idiot.
Dafuq
11,01XD
Grevious IS an idiot
Dat lipgloss
random lightsaber
CriticKitten: i just explained it... and sith generals dont participate in battles they dont have to
Third life
hur hur
Yep who thinks grevious is an idiot say I
I
twilight_sprinkle: just like generals IRL
I
"Aye"
:|
plot
CriticKitten: Obi-Wan is very special. You can't kill her. IT WILL CREATE A TIME PARADOX!
*him
pony_1865: I
lmao her
I'm trying so hard not to make a wisecrack
Grevious is my favorite jedi, though he IS an idiot
lol her.
heyo Jmo4267
11,01XD
/me 11,01engages
twilight_sprinkle: And I just said that was a bad excuse. He's the leader of the Separatist army right now. He can't afford to risk losing a fight to Obi-Wan, and doesn't need to when all those droids could have killed him straight up. :P
Grevious isn't a jedi......
I just got that joke Nittany_Discord
Palpatine is my favorite Jedi
almost did a spittake
Lol :D
STFU
they took down my facebook page XD
ROFL
XD
lol
CriticKitten: [07:35:18] CriticKitten: its called arrogance and revenge.
nude steam bath
Oh god
lol i love these things XS
twilight_sprinkle: And he gets his revenge by letting the droids gun him down. >_>
*XD
CriticKitten: thats not as satisfying...
GNIGHT EVERYPONY, as always, may the force be with you all and be sure to pierce the heavens with your drill!
nude steam bath is best . . . buck it, I'm not sayin' it
CriticKitten: seeing as how he thought he could do that even if he loses
twilight_sprinkle: Who cares? He's the last leader left in an army that is losing the war!
g'night Bronysith
night Bronysith !
Palpatines the sith lord? DIDNT SEE THAT COMING? :P
night Bronysith
Uncle Evil
lol
kill him!
twilight_sprinkle: He's basically just said "well the war isn't as important as me killing one single Jedi", making him officially the worst general ever.
^
CriticKitten: name me a single villain who immediately killed the main hero
Petrified_Discord: LOL
kill him now!
A porn of the jedi? :D
whos commenting
hi ancientblood. Rifftrax
DO IT!!
:D
;)
KILL HIM!!
twilight_sprinkle: Wat? He's trying to kill him right now!
CriticKitten: .......
twilight_sprinkle: He just chose the STUPID way to do it.
Herro
Night Bronysith
wow lol
someone's probably wrote a FiC about Palpatine and Annie doin it
just sayin
:P
i can probably find it
Didn't need to imagine that.
CriticKitten: name a single villain who didnt toy with the protagonist instead of just shooting him
Buytoast: PLEASE DONT
i heard disturbing noises
Wawawawawa
i heard dubstep XD
Wuwuwuwuwuwuwuuwuwub
twilight_sprinkle: Oh so *now* it's okay for the movie to resort to a cliche that you'd bitch about in any other movie. :P
is it just me or is the movie laggier then hell
twilight_sprinkle: Darth Maul?
ancientblood: Just you
ancientblood: try refreshing, its fine on my end
Sabershy: quigon had no purpose
yeah, yeah i found one
thanks google
KICK
Y U NO USE FORCE?
Yeah, it was smart for you to take the Jedi on singlehandedly, wasn't it, Grievous?
Xaiden|Okari: IRK
11,01XD
GREVIOUS SMASH! :[
*IKR
LOL
CriticKitten: lol, and now apparently this is bad for you, even tho bane in your precious batman movie couldve killed batman immediately as well
No need to use that ARMY OF DROIDS YOU HAD SURROUNDING HIM, just do it yourself
Sure kick the robot, smart
CriticKitten eeyup
Twilight_sprinkle: You just said Liam Neeson has no purpoe...
lmao
ded
Killed...by, a gun
ignore the FORCE POWERS YOU'VE SPENT YOUR ENTIRE LIFE LEARNING
That was easy, now how did he live through a whole goddamn cartoon series?
twilight_sprinkle: Yes, and he should have.
Obi-wan, y u no make heartburn joke?
Xaiden|Okari: hahaha XD
lol
dat funny death arrangement
CriticKitten: its in every movie, and the reason for it is villain arrogance
I thought Jedis didn't use guns?
twilight_sprinkle: But sorry, TDKR is still a better film, so your troll analogy fails. :P
I need to do stand up comedy... :P
[Alpha] they don't
that wasn't a gun *AJ pokerface*
What the fack? Star Wars?
theres two people commentating its riffrax and....
twilight_sprinkle: And my reply to that is "he's a shitty general then".
"We must move quickly. Walk slowly beside me."
MACE WINDU IS TEH BEST!
"Now stop."
master bug eyed rasta fish XD
twilight_sprinkle: You seem confused. I don't care about the cliche. I'm pointing out that resorting to the cliche at this point in the movie makes him a bad general by default. :p
lol
Wow, a squad of jedi CONVIENTLY IN A SHIP TO GO TO THE CHANCELLORS PALACE!!! HOW CONVIENENT!!
back
What are we atching
lmao
Aaand Padme wins the gold in competetive sitting :D
:O
lol
Petrified_Discord: hahahahaha
this was so unneeded
Moo :3
XD
CriticKitten: which means that prety much every villain in history is also a bad villain
lol
I love combos <3
COOOOOOOOOMBBOOOOOOOOOO!!!
/me likes combos
13i think i miss the combos reference
AN ORGY OF DICK TOWERS
lego :)
13obviously a snack
LEGO STAR WARS FAWK YES
Legos > Star Wars
Xaiden|Okari: haha
I like lego
/me 11,01combos Shizuka
lol
twilight_sprinkle: Not every villain. But I'm glad you're finally admitting that this is a mediocre film by pointing out that it, like all other average films, resorts to tired action cliches.
Lego starwars was a fun game
LOL
ROFL
why is he censored
i am the senate
This scene, I'm not going to lie, gave me fawking nightmares. That's what I get for watching this when I was 6
hahahaha XD
I think they handled this scene poorly.
13so... those three jedis...
And all the Jedi get there asses handed to them
13they were useful..
CriticKitten: lol dont start twisting my words, i never said its a bad movie. to the contrary, that one cliche changes nothing since pretty much every movie does it
13and you know what
Lego Star Wars, the fun way to do the prequels and Clone Wars
Shizuka: indeed
those jedi were scrubs
dem jedi suck
Shizuka they were?
13i'm sure somewhere they have like their entire family tree mapped and extensive novels about their history
"Let me hold my lightsaber over my head so you can stab me in the chest!" :D
WHERES THE USE OF THE FAWKING FORCE
DAT STARE
I want popcorn
lol, probably
twilight_sprinkle: You're arguing in favor of the cliche by saying "It's in every other movie". Which actually helps reinforce my argument that this is an average movie.
Anikrap
crap*
So yes, you ARE agreeing with me. :P
lol
explaining how to make food is more exciting then this movie XD
13i love this bit so much
CriticKitten: lol then so is your precious batman movie
Shizuka: Do you want me to give you the specific web links to their history? :)
Shizuka: Same, fawking awesome
DAT KICK
Lore wise it makes sense that mace windu can counter darth sidious since mace has learned most known fighting styles
brb
13their bit in matrix reloaded about having bacon in the booth is almost as good
twilight_sprinkle: You realize I've stopped paying attention to your trolling already right? If you can't produce a good argument then don't start one. ;D
XD
why did the glass shatter? The lightsaber should have cut a hole in it
CUT
NO NOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
not SHATTER
lmao
13pressurized i assume
Anicra : hey guys hows it going
dat no
hes not properly grounded XD
13more pressure inside than out
13for some reason
11,01Lol.
And like I said when this aired the other day, this would've been a much more effective battle sequence if Palpatine was fighting all four of the Jedi at the same time.
Anakin is racist
CriticKitten: that contains no information. you say this movie is medioacre because it uses a cliche every other movie does, but if your batman movie does it, its ok
back
By the power of greyskull, I HAVE THE POWAAAAAAAAA
Darth Syphillis!!!!
CriticKitten: double standards.
Instead of just killing three of them in seconds.
lmao darth syphillis XD
13POWAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Shizuka you can hear wind, and the building looks pretty damn high up . . . why am I defending Star Wars?
13UNLIMITEEEEEEEED POWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
IIFierceDeityII: Your welcome... : D
UNLIMITED POWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
POWER
..
dat disarm
Xaiden|Okari Y U beat me to it
Xaiden|Okari: you are making me laugh so much, thanks XD
ded
11,01Lol.
twilight_sprinkle: I repeat: if you can't make a good argument, don't start one. Right now your primary argument is "it uses a common cliche therefore it's fine" followed by meaningless attempts to mock Batman despite it being a way better movie. Now, decide if you're going to say something of value or shush. :P
I just realized the chat is like 10~15 secs ahead of my stream. Hmm.
IIFierceDeityII: Comedy, its what I'm good at
LOL
11,01'dat censoring.
LAWL
Why do I feel as if I should kick his ass?
lmao Ubuntu
Dat Sum UP
XD
guuuuuud
11,01Lol.
literlly electricity turned him to darth siduius BULLSHIT
|Hey! Now he's a Dick Tracy character! Pruneface
Ubuntu? XD
13oh hey
THEN HOW BOUT YOU FUCKING LEAVE THE FRANCHISE ANICRAP
:P
*Samuel Jackson joke*
13i think i just understood his grunting there...
Canadian_Brony: LOL
13"to cheat death is a power obi wan has learned"
Shizuka can you explain it?
Quick_Thinker: Totally. Didn't you see how the lightning in Return of the Jedi severaly aged Luke?
11,01How quick Annie is to turn evil.
bahahaha XD
forehead ass
13so.. the whole jedi ghost thing is mentioned before yoda drops it at the end
Nittany_Discord: IKR
13problem is he's grunting so hard you can barely understand it
no did not notice him aging when he got shocked
11,01Lol.
What's this? ANIKARP evolved into GYARADARTH VADER!!! :D
Darth Timberlake XD
Dude Darth Syphillis looks like a fawking balsac......
just sayin
darth timberlake sounds better
LOL
Darth Timberlake is best Sith
Bye guys, I'm out! See you tomorrow!
XD BAWLSAK
and it sounds more fitting
AJIsAwesome: CYA
later AJIsAwesome
Darth Scrotumface has spoken
CriticKitten & twilight_sprinkle: Stop talking. Or at least stop making comments toward each other. Its enough.
BAWLS
Darth Pruneface
*Diarehha joke* LAWL
XD
Did they like change actors for darth sidious?
Darth *stupid name* is best sith
cuz they both suck
:P
Xaiden|Okari: nah they used face artists
Three more sequels! :o
It's the same guy from Return of the Jedi
13so much bad acting
DAMNIT NOT THREE MORE
lol
xD
XD
God his voice really is so bland.
brb, snack run
*bad acting joke*
13darth actor
IIFierceDeityII: GET DA MUNCHIES FOR ME
Shizuka seems legit
it's like the penguin has throat cancer
Muffins.
that was... BEAUTIFUL
MUFFINS!!
I do enjoy Palpatine's acting though. It's so hammy it's awesome.
MUFFFIINNSS!!!!!!
you'd think Jedi could take on this army
lets see how many jedi acidemys there are: corasant, Yavin, Korriban, Kasak, Balti, Bespin, and Hoth OVERALL A SHIT TON
>.>
13during all of that
13the battle is still raging just as hard
twilight_sprinkle: I didn't. I never did. I simply pointed out that General Grevious is a bad general.
1 hour left
Something of mine is raging quite hard.... :3
13it's the same timescale problem as empire... tons of time passes in one place, five minutes passes in another
Tell him to move to the high ground
Shizuka seems legit
CriticKitten: if hes a bad general, then its not because of that cliche.
CritcKitten shame that Grevous is bad here, considering how much ass he kicked in the 2D Clone War cartoon before he got crippled by Windu
What are the other 65 orders?
twilight_sprinkle: No, he's just a bad general because of pretty much everything he does in this movie, really.
xD
Xaiden|Okari nopony knows . . .
CriticKitten: like
JESmith71: Inorite. ;_;
what is a penis?
apparently clones are just better shots
This was the saddest part in da movie for me... ;_;
/me hands Xaiden|Okari a bowl of popcorn
Elf rebellion!
See?
"What's a scary number? 666! But that's too long...and 6 is too short...66! So smart. :3"
11,01pony_1865: Seriously?
/me accepts popcorn]
They could have done THAT to Obi-Wan!
THANKS
I liked this map in battlefront
what?
no problem :)
OHHH TENTACLE LADY GET KILLED FROM BEHIND!!!
11,01XD
DIDN"T SEE THAT COMING
lets see the jedis are less skilled then the clones who are just clones of jango feet for gods sake
hahahha XD
Quick_Thinker IKR?
That Jedi was a awesome looking one
Oh no, that guy!
Not that guy!
EVEN THOUGH THE JEDI CANSEE INTO THE FUTURE YOU MORON WRITERS
Yoda ain't no fool
Ded
Quick_Thinker: Supposedly the two total Sith were blocking the abilities and foresight of the thousands of Jedi in the universe.
Quick_Thinker: No, I don't know how.
decapatation
WAHY
dead children
How did the Jedi fail that fight?
not the bowling alley!
Now time to hack Sunflowers
dedededededededededededed
13everyone in star wars has a death grip on the idiot ball
Oh god, that was a terrible joke. Why did I laugh? XD
dat Ponies47
Shizuka: oh yah, i forgot
HOW THE FUCK CAN 2 SITH BLOCK THE POWERS OF THE JEDI NOT EVEN REVAN WAS THAT GOOD NEITHER WAS STARKILLER I CALL BULLSHIT ON SO MANY LEVELS
Dat Jmo4267
dat rage
Quick_Thinker: star killer was more a warrior than a force master
Isnt it funny how a kid took out more soldiers?
who is that random jedi?
OW
And here we learn why they call them "younglings." Because this way you can say "killed younglings" and not "killed children" in a movie for children. That, you know, has boring politics and implied rape, but still... :|
the family guy version made more sense
Quick_Thinker: Transformers Syndrome.
[Alpha]: Oh definetly
Proto Chicken Walkers
oh hi thing that is just fna service
Bromance
Quick_Thinker: Numerous good guys are shown being cut down for the sake of lazily raising the stakes, even though none of them had dialogue or even names prior to their deaths.
Quick_Thinker: Named "Transformers Syndrome" because of its common use in Bayformers.
hell if i remember hte books had at least 1000 jedi surive the attack
11,01Toilet pod away!
I like how that little pod makes it past the atmosphere w/o any effort while the bigass gunships use like HALF their fuel for lift-off
....
>couldn't have survived that fall
XD toilet pod
lol
ikr
>no need to bother checking if one of the most important Jedi is still alive or not
When will people learn? You ALWAYS survive falls that no one could survive!
no one could have surived that fall except a a jedi you morons
Oh hey, it's the Rifftrax.
He's a Jedi. If you don't have a body, you go FIND ONE.
Organa?
>_>
(\ () /)
oh hi another fan service that dies in the 4th movie
You can see the fire from there, too.
you mean Darth Balsac
lol
I can't believe it either, maybe because it's a ridiculous claim with no backing
11,01Hi Allegr0
lol hitler
hey Nittany_Discord !
Allegr0: WHAT UP
I know who Carol Channing is thanks to "Whose Line", more specifically Ryan Stiles.
hi Allegr0
how does the challancer hae more trust then obi wan in anakin the cartoon showed they are very good friends
13Canadian_Brony: oh dear i seem to have glass in my hair
oh my, so many heys!
11,01Not sleepy. Might fire my PC up and play something.
lol
Shizuka LMAO
Oh yeah, I just realized that. Who knew getting pregnant would make Padme a total wuss :P
Quick_Thinker: they were like brothers XD sorry, i had to
xD
11,01I want to do a Q and A during my next stream TBH.
what did R2 never say to him that HEY 3PO HE KILLED ALL THE JEDI HURRY TELL THE BITCH
dumb ass R2
lol
ikr
11,01Shizuka: do you have that Tornado Highway map?
Nittany_Discord: go for it, it's fun :)
11,01For Gmod?
You are helpless, 3PO, thus why you didn't need to be in this movies. :D
so many plotholes
R2 saw nothing
13i think so
Yay more spaceships landing
Anakin walked up them stairs
didn't fly up
11,01I have the one with the train.
q and neigh of what Nittany_Discord ?
13i have all three he made i think
13the night one ja
13i like that one better
oh hi scene from the good movies and or fan service
Nittany_Discord: You playing GMOD?
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG2: and not the good kind either :D
lol wat
agree, I do!
11,01The other two have broken links.
Nittany_Discord: I'll join you
Agree, I do.
11,01Xaiden|Okari: Started recently when I found out there were tornado chasing maps.
13i think i grabbed all three from garrysmod.org
Oh! I love this planet on Battlefront II. What was it again?
by the way this planet is used as making space diamonds
Canadian_Brony: mustafar
Bronystate ever play TTT?
thank you
....
You know, that really isn't well disguised.
That would be funny
Nittany_Discord: do I have to download the maps on a website, or can they automatically download if I join the server
"When Darth Vader gets here, he will...take care of you."
11,01We need to get the strom chasing equipment so we can do an intercept.
how are we seeing FUCKING ROADS IN ORBIT
11,01*storm
HOE
HOW
That's pretty much just saying "yeah I'm gonna kill you".
Spriggals what is that? Google gave me random crap
Nittany_Discord: IP?
11,01Xaiden|Okari: I don't know.
11,01I don't have a server up.
oh man john W., you're so sexy
HOW THE FUCK CAN YOU SEE ROADS IN ORBIT ARGHHHHHHHHH RAGE
11,01I don't think I can run one on my grandmother's internet anyway.
Nittany_Discord: Ohhh, let me know when you do. I'd like to play a storm chasing me
BRB shower
*map
Spriggals: whats that?
11,01It's fun.
I bet
THEY ALL GONNA DIE MOFO!!!
how did mouse droids come back?
he just got to the and that part and they are still on age 1 of 30
lmao
xD
11,01Xaiden|Okari: Do I have you on Steam?
ALSO JUST SAYING HIDDEN acdemy ony Yavin and Hoth IT IS STAFFED BY JEDI MASTER AND HAS NO CLONES
so fuck order 66
Okay I have to ask.
lol
The Younglings!!!!!!!!!
Nittany_Discord: No, I don't have anyone here added on steam, My id is Xaiden, if not then BoomerGamingTV...
Organa is a senator from Alderaan. Padme is Naboo's senator. Why are they in the same booth?
oh what clones cant use lightsabers?
i almost choked on that buble yum bit XD
Pop Rocks and Coke is fun
Jedi Stormtroopers! :O
they exist
and they kick plot
Scarrrrred.
NOOOOOO
13CriticKitten: i'm not sure in this movie whether they've said padme is still naboo's senator
ded
13she gave the job to jarjar last movie
Quick_Thinker: thats what i would be
lizard eyes= EVILLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
Turns evil, Eyes go yellow? Seems legit
My eyes are yellow, am i evil enough?
Azuredragon: no , you just have liver failure
Shizuka: Oh, so they're just letting her onto the Senate floor even though she's not a senator....okay, just trying to figure that out. XD
Azuredragon: have you done an evil backtake to the camera/
?
13X3
13good point :3
11,01I love the rushed pacing in this movie (not really).
Nittany_Discord: lol
11,01Took him 3 movies to die.
....you know I noticed something else rather odd.
hello!
so NOT ONE PERSON IS ARGUING AGAINST THOSE IDEAS NOT ONE NOT A SINGLE ALIEN FROM ANY PLANET NOT EVEN EARTH
11,01I hated those characters.
hello Roostythefatcock
Nittany_Discord: But they were so developed and logical!
Earth is in the universe i just got destroyed
hey oh man I love this movie
11,01Gunray should have died in Episode 1.
A lot of these lightsaber deaths in this film? You don't see limbs go flying off or people cut in half.
Quick_Thinker: no earth , galaxy far far away and a long time ago
and all
so whats up?
Nittany_Discord: everyone should have died in Episode 1...
were just watching the stream
what not a single jedi knight can kill anakin seriously they have in all 300 jedi knights at least
im almost finished with my octavia drawing
i have lost control of my left arm
ow!
octavia? never heard of him
You see them get slashed a bit and that's it. That's....kind of odd for a sword that cuts through everything. Is everyone just barely scraping their enemies across the chest to kill them instead of trying to slash through them?
in corasant they have 300 jedi knights
Canadian_Brony: what where you doing when you lost feeling?
...So why didn't they team up on the Emperor first and THEN kill Anakin? Why?! :[
cause der noobz
Canadian_Brony: Were you masturbating?
yes
:D
cratorkid I hit my funny bone. STFU Xaiden|Okari
Discord: Or kill Anakin first, then the Emperor.
Either or.
becuase the writers got drunk and wrote shit during that
Canadian_Brony: JUST JOKING
STFU anyway
Canadian_Brony: that hurts
13Petrified_Discord: it's that idiot ball everyone is clutching like crazy
Awwww
But splitting up was pretty stupid, yes. Everyone knows you never split the party.
IIFierceDeityII yes, my arm is in alot o fpain
rub and ice it Canadian_Brony
it'll be fine
a lie oh come on not even the jedi who finished lukes training (he was a suriver of the corsant betrayl
true story
CriticKittin: A lightsaber is just a concetrated light source and can burn through a lot of things, but not quickly. Its much easier to slash an enemy instead of getting slowed down by cutting a person in 2.
Nittany_Discord: guess whoever came first , or he noticed how many youve been getting
BEST MUSIC IN DA FAWKING WORLD
INCEPTION GOT NOTHIN ON THIS BITCH
11,01cratorkid: I don't mind.
you jelly?
Sabershy: And I'd be okay with that except that if you think about it? It tends to slash THROUGH the enemy in the original trilogy.
Xaiden|Okari: nope lotr has a better soundtrack
heck in the series he encounter anakin killing the younglings and attempts to fight him only to be thrown out a window and lose his leg
crap, didn't mean to type taht!
Who has seen The Dark Knight Rises?
not me
Roostythefatcock planning on it
cratorkid: TAKE THAT BACK :[
CriticKitten: Plus, they are working with wodden swords in a blue screen effect. Kinda hard to cut people in half with them
11,01I'm all for giving others a chance to get their questions answered.
Oh Anakin, you'ree so deep and complex.
stubed toe :'(
Lol, stubbing a toe SUCKS ASS
Xaiden|Okari: never , one of the best soundracks ever
:[
Xaiden|Okari: i brush my teeth to that sh*t
NO
Sabershy: The scene in the cantina? Arm comes off. Empire? Hand comes off. Return? Hand comes off.
Xaiden|Okari: That and stepping on legos. Yeesh.
11,01Egophiliac has stated that she does get multiple repetitive commands but chooses one at random if she uses a repeated command.
This movie? Everyone gets slashed across the chest when they die. o.O
:P
DERPIES!
Petrified_Discord: You forgot accidentally chewing tinfoil, dat shits just wierd
is the real one
and the comics your not going to belive how much ass luke kicks he fucking cut a guy in 4
yes derpies
Xaiden|Okari: that shit hurts soo much
Xaiden|Okari: take that back... :'(
Sabershy: Take what back?
It's not even a flaw in the film, I just find it weird that limbs don't go flying rather often with a weapon like that,
13she got there in like two minutes...
lol
:P:P:P derpy is back!
super light speed
Shizuka: She made point 5 past lightspeed.
ikr
sand XD
She made it there in 12 parsecs
Warp speed, mark 10
Gabe: /)
Sabershy: I'm having multiple conversations at once, so please inform me of what I said.... :P
Anakin is like dolan
[22:19:21] <Xaiden|Okari> Sabershy: I'm having multiple conversations at once, so please inform me of what I said.... :P
Xaiden|Okari: Inception ODST is much better than this one. It just hacen't retain the fan base like Star Wars has.
PARTY:O
13inception odst? :3c
Roostythefatcock pls
Terrible things!
heck the one where certan troopers say fuck orderr 66 is cooler then this
K *snif sniff*
It's okay to call them children.
ODST should have been a halo 3 add on XD
You won't lose your PG-13 rating.
Honest.
Sabershy: im still sticking with LOTR being my fav ost
Wait, what did I write?
Sabershy: Bro, I LOVE inception, i'm just joking around, its what I do
#Sabershy hi
Sabershy: So I'm sorry if I offended you
:]
his new powers will kill her
Yes, please listen to her. >_>
WHERES THE DEATHSTAR!!! :P
Shizuka: Gah! :$
lol
Derpies being built
So many pings! :)
She's the first one to have a burst of conscious thought there
for realz the one where certan clones refuse order 66 is awesome they fight a sith lord and win WITH FUCKIN BLASTERS XD
Sabershy: ping
Sabershy pong
Rule the galaxy as father and son! I mean, husband and wife! And baby! DARTH baby! :D
YEA
Petrified_Discord: lmao
This song is so heartbreaking for me
Darth baby!!!
Roostythefatcock: Hi! :)
degraded acting :O
hey
/me pokes GigabitHarmonie
LIAR
HELLO!
Xaiden|Okari: Oh, that okay.
she smiled when she fell and died
THE CLONES BEAT A SITH LORD WITH BLASTER but it was well justified they kicked a ton of ass and blew up a explosive grenade to kill him
/me pokes Jmo4267 back.
anyone notice that
:3
cratorkid & Canadian_Brony: :D
For the record? This part is alright. I like the choke there, a nod to the other films.
YELLING SHOWS ANGER ARGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Quick_Thinker: Agreed, FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
It's just a shame Hayden can't act. >_>
i want to bite EVERTHING!!!!!
ARGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGg
Sabershy: tip , type some of the persons name then hit tab
SHE SMILED WHEN SHE FELL AND DIED
when I see ping, I pong
I play ping-pong
YOU HAVE BETRAYED THE LAWWWWWWWWWWW OF THE JEDIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
IRL
she not dead!
LAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWww
deMOCracy
CriticKitten: The third one had extremely good or this one has some of the better battle scenes with scenery and everything actually feeling awesome
IIFierceDeityII: She's probably fine.
jesus was a sith
:O
ehh yep
|sith| (yay math joke)
NOOOO
cratorkid: That's useful... Thank you. :)
:/
Only a Sith deals in absolutes. Except for all of those times in the films where Jedi resorted to absolutes.
useless red bastards
CriticKitten: im mad because she smiled as she fell. who smiles when theyre being killed? ( i know about what happens to her later on )
NO ITS SYPHILLIS
But it's only the bad guys who do that, srsly.
Those red guys r teh best
JAZZ HANDS
you guys having fun with rifftrax?
IIFierceDeityII: Because she clearly is happy she's dying. Means she doesn't have to be in another film. :D
CrimsonPhoenix: Yesh
JAZZ HANDS, YEA
CrimsonPhoenix: touche XD
JAZZ HANDS
also just saying the most powerful jedi in the comics is master yusiki
dat jazz
IIFierceDeityII, EN GARDE
JAZZ HANDS
13CriticKitten: very good reason to be happy
Jazz Hands!!!
GET OUT OF HERE ORIGNAL MUSIC
lol
CrimsonPhoenix: I have no weapon, I admit defeat D:
Can i has apples<3plz
You know, one small complaint here: giving one of them a color other than blue for their saber would have been nice.
Hey can the next movie we stream be "Delta Farce"???
you do not belong here you belong in Empire
IIFierceDeityII, VICTORY
CriticKitten: One thing the movies never explored was the grey jedi,
yoda is the greatest jedi
wrong
no u
he flew!
Back
luke became the most powerful in the books he moved a planet
CrimsonPhoenix: FLAWLESS victory haha
WB Ponies47
A PLANET
GIVE ME APPLES!!!!
Thanks Canadian_Brony
Quick_Thinker: Did this thing start out as a book series?
epic music go back to Empire Stricks Back
:)
I really hate this fight. I like Anakin and Obi-Wan's, this one though I do NOT like.
no
/me gives Derpies apples
yay
*takes derpies apples*
how do you do that
Patented Kirk kick!
huh a a rising platform how CONVIENT
HAHAHA
/me Throws a zap apple innto the middle of the chat
type /me before your sentence
pulls out lightsaber
That is exactly what I think when I see Yoda fight
XD
*into
Patented Kirk *attack*
/me wut
When did Yoda become Speedy Gonzalez?
Heh at the Speedy stuff
/me grabs the zap apple and eats it
/me calmly walks to zap apple and eats it
...
hahaha XD
EPIC PATTY CAKE
xD
/me >:O
Nice job breaking it, hero.
/me cuts Fuuu in half
this fight are suck comated to the fight with revan in the books or hell the video games
hi fuckers
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!
lol
i fuck ows
So there's one button for "destroy entire fascility?" Seems legit
corn on the cob
The fight with Yoda in it is the bad one, honestly.
lol:$
my dick is swollen
CORN ON THE KABOB!
This one right here.
Petrified_Discord: lmao
hi pony_819828__ welcome to bronystate
This is a bad fight.
^
Yoda just....gives up and runs away?
frisbee!
hmmmm revan could kick more ass then both yoda and sidious
Jedis are so lame
I like playing Frisbee
YAY:P
Remember when Yoda could reflect lightning?
11,01Palpatine is so agile here, but not in Episode 6.
11,01s/,//
Shizuka: You be streaming?
Nittany_Discord: hes like 120 then
See?
11,01And then he quits.
They were both pairing up well against each other, and Yoda just goes "welp time to go"
Nittany_Discord: He found Bronystate and it's stream and decided to sit in his chair watching for 20 something years. :)
Quick_Thinker: What i hate is it's never explained who was the most powerful force user in the lore.
THE FUCK YODA.
11,01Again, such rushed pacing in Ep 3.
:D little robot!
he quit because he couldnt win...
Did you get bored? The original trilogy was your fault, you could have ended it here damnit!
11,01Sabershy: I like that.
it does revan was origanlly then came yoda then luke then starkiller
EVERYONE SHUTUP SOMEONES DICK IS SWOLLEN
fuuuu: D:
fuuuu: what should we do??
wat!
PANIC
/me panics
Why did you just give up, Yoda? This movie made you a sissy. D:<
Critic kitten think of it this way yoda making letting him live let us see the good movies
11,01XD
hmm . . .
6_9
XD
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka
13anyone else want to treat this channel like their own personal 4chan?
Quick_Thinker: I want to think of it that way.... ;_; But it bothers me that they were clearly matching up equally and then Yoda just sorta....quits.
i want a huf!
13no? good
hug
Shizuka: Nope
Shizuka I've never gone to 4chan
^
go now
might I say something?
why did he leave his lightsaber?
My Little 4chan My Little 4chan Ahhhahhhahhhah
11,01Shizuka is angry. Post ponies! (don't).
4chan /mlp/ is wonderful
Ok Nittany_Discord
How did he fail exactly?
MY LITTLE 4CHAN WHAT HAPPENS IF PINKIE WAKES UP NEXT TO YOU THEY ALL SAY?
RaPE
hell, i'm still banned from 4chan
Quick_Thinker: Well he obviously would never need that again. What are the chances of the Emperor knowing he's still alive and hunting him down....OH WAIT
Shizuka: Did I miss a kick? :<
Nittany_Discord not even my Gala Rainbow Dash wallpaper? Aww . . . okay
11,01JESmith71: Failed to stop the crap pacing of this movie.
i want hug!
13Quick_Thinker: Rape is never funny. Do not make a joke like that again.
who can't breate under fire?
sorry
Sabershy, 'twas a kick/ban
Allegr0: i can ofcourse
Exactly!
cratorkid: I'd expect as much
Allegr0 is that a trick question?
Anicrap just happen to jumps far enough to land on a MICROSCOPIC ROBOT!!! Seems legit
Canadian_Brony: idk, is it?
This is why it looks good.
Canadian_Brony: Gala Rainbow Dash wallpaper? LINK ME IN PM!
how is that thing flying?
Pwease :3
Because it's very video-gamey.
^
Shizuka: Some people have no sense of respect and it gets annoying when someone comes here and thinks they are funny
Allegr0, depends on which "under fire" you mean
Allegr0 IDK, you said it first
ponibas: the literal kind ;)
If you do not like what the mods are streaming, you can kindly SHUT THE FUCK UP AND GET THE FUCK OUT. Just because you dont like what is being streamed, does NOT mean that other people are not trying to enjoy it. That is all.
killerpony7733, you got a little something on your nose there
Canadian_Brony: GIVE ME DAT RAINBOW DASH WALLPAER
Canadian_Brony: well maybe that was your first test!
monkey wrote it makes sense
/me agres with Ryunosuke
lol i have no idea what i am watching but its making me laugh so
*wallpaper
Ryunosuke: yeah well fuck that, star prequels?LETS HATE THE SHIT OUT OF IT
Wow...
"From my point of view, the Jedi are evil!" YOU ARE STUPID.
Buytoast: You got something on your chest :P
kick!
13i love the darths and droids part of this
It's over Anakin! This high fround adds +5 to my agility!!!
13you're rooting for anakin and he rolls like a 2
It is called the Dark Side for a goddamn REASON.
SLICE
OMG HAX1
floaty thing stops conveinently
Xaiden|Okari Ponies47 I'll send you both the pic, then a search with different resolutions
here it comes, the most retarded jedi move ever
fail!
:P
Ryunosuke: fucking hell, lets watch the movie TWICE and hate on it both times
13gets the biggest die out and fails it so bad, it's awesome
Canadian_Brony: SWEET
11,01Ow.
I may not watch everything that is being streamed, HOWEVER, the mods are taking thier time out of thier day to give you entertainment, and when you go and piss all over that, that just irks me
night everyone
13obi wan's talking to origin now
night Derpy|Asleep
Canadian_Brony: Yay
11,01Shizuka: The EA service?
wow bad pun
that failed miserably
Night Derpy|Asleep
what do they think balance mean ?
It's over Anakin! Everyone's forgotten about Episode 1, so high ground is suddenly meaningful!
http://derpy.me/bCNFT
Shizuka: so...much...truth
I HATE YOU
POPTARTS, I WANT ONE!
i forget what game it was but you could actualy play as anikin and beat obi at the high ground
cratorkid: Lego Star Wars?
/me rolls 2d10
cratorkid: Movie licensed game of the third episode,
Derpies: I have some Brown Sugar and Cinamon, you want one?
11,01How did he catch fire so easily?
YES
oh yeah i also feel like pointing out that lightsabers have a breaking point they last 400 years
Obi-Wan, for fuck's sake, stab him.
Nittany_Discord: Writers
11,01Also, Wicker Man reference!
/me gives Derpies Poptart
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG2:
13more importantly
WHY.
:P
Nittany_Discord: the real question is why did it take that long?
13how did he catch on fire so easily there
His clothes were soaked in gas?
WHY DID YOU WALK AWAY.
Nittany_Discord: for both of them
13but not while he and obi were hovering inches above the lava river
YAY (shove in mouth)
also just saying again jedis know how to direct fire through force breath
Wth has 3PO been doing the whole time
laval hot, why didn't they catch on fire earlier?
Magic
they had the sheild things
00,10Plotarmor
do you ot remember?
13convection only works if you believe in it i guess
Freindship is magic
lol
Ohai Sumica
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG2: no , not that one , it was for the xbox original
PlotKai!
00,10ohhi
13(if comcast is this stable next week i might run the indy 1 and 4 riffs, not sure if they did 2 or 3 though)
11,01Convection?
facepalm
Firstly, he was being tortured by burning to death. He's your brother and you love him, which is why you're leaving him to burn to death horrificly instead of mercy stabbing?
Dat ugly bod
11,01Thunderstorms are born from convection.
11,01So are you saying that if the world stopped believing in convection, we could control the weather?
apples!
13oooo
Nittany_Discord: we'd be pegasi!
^
Nittany_Discord seems legit
Secondly, there is NO good reason for him to walk away with Anakin still alive when he knows he can't afford to let Anakin live if the universe is to be saved. What's with the rage-quits during fights? :P
Nittany_Discord, That doesn't already happen?
Allegr0: Yay pegasi!!!
Allegr0 but I wanna be an earth pony!
Alledr0: Damn it. You took my line.
Shizu, Indy riffs??!?
13yup
woot!
I was wondering when the Indy week was coming
Wut is up with my spelling today?
I'd be a Pegasus
Excuse me, sissy girl, er Master Yoda
NO contest
Sabershy what is spelling?
Xaiden|Okari: same
CAN I be jedi PLZ<3
13pirates next week too, not sure if i'll be the one streaming it though, unless comcast improves
Derpies
NO
:3
11,01I might Stream Indiana Jones.
13dad said he saw some comcast tech at walmart who said it's a problem all over the area here
PotC and Indy? Awesome
wjy!
BECAZ I GAVE U POPTART
Shizuka: <3
;C
"Hey lady we can save you!" "No I have no will to live." "ok"
13she has lost the will to live, she realized she's been in all three prequels now
dat Wizard of Oz
lol reasons we cant explain
can i have hug plz!
/me glomps Derpies
There's nothing medically wrong with her, even though she's dying from a known medical condition whose symptoms are treatable!
Sure, DONT USE ALL THE FUTURISTIC MEDICAL EQUIPMENT YOU HAVE! JUST LET HER DIE!
inb4 noooo
11,01I wonder how long Anakin would have lived without being put in that suit?
ooba?
Oooooba
not long
13and now
13anakin has pyrovision
13forever
definately to late to change the will to live
Shizuka LoLz
Shizuka: THAT WUD BE AWESOME
no it wouldnt
13hoo boy... here it comes
Inb4 NOOOOOOOO everyone get ready!!!
^
11,01Didn't Leia imply that Padme survive longer?
how about nobody does it?
11,01In Ep 4 or 5?
Oh god another round of huge NOOOO spam
Oddly enough, Vader's face in Return is not horrifically burned like Hayden is. It's almost like he magically got skin grafts or something.
13well
13how long is return after this?
Nittany_Discord: Force Past Vision?
13it's like twenty years or something?
PREPARE YOUR BUTTON http://nooooooooooooooo.com/
13surely some of his burns would heal by then
CrimsonPhoenix LoLz
13aaaand
http://nooooooooooooooo.com/
13A +M?!
13NOOOOOOOOO!
13:3
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOOO!
Shizuka: He had third degree burns. Flesh burnt at that stage actually doesn't regenerate naturally, thus most victims at that level need skin grafts to replace the destroyed tissue.
11,01Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooo.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
^^^
NOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
DO NOT WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANT
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
11,01I win!
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssssss
I wasn't as big as lasst time
[Alpha]: you just killed the mood -_-
it*
13less ponies awake
Nittany_Discord 's no was so long that the last part last his signature cyan color....
:D
13[Alpha]: that was perfect, yesss
yes
PONIEZ Where?
13not like the spam otherwise, nooo
alright everypony, time to log off for the night
see ya!
night Allegr0
QUI GON YAY
Is it Darth Maul?
easiest way to kill something. do the opposite
AND WHY DO WE NOT SEE HIM IN FUCKING NEW HOPE
13so they wipe c3po's brain, but not r2
13that means r2 is the most evil character in the entire series
Shizuka: R2 cant talk
Shizuka: r2 cant talk about it
13he could tell 3po
..... my god
11,01What was 3PO before then?
r2 cant talk to humans but he can speak to droids about it
?
Explains why 3PO doesn't recognize Jar Jar in Star Tours 2. Then again who would blame him for wanting to forget Jar Jar?
Quick_Thinker: How come anakin can understand droid speak?
xD
tatoine
Dat DEATH STAER
fuck if know
why was it faster for them to build a deathstar under a year?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
11,01XD
Droid speak is very much possible thus people most likely being able to understand R2
lol
More ships landing
man they already got to the uniforms and other shit that fast i thought it would take time
Darkts3|Drawing|MLG2: would you want to build another death star after the first getts destroyed?
Wow, those dick buildings are WAAAAYYY different then the ones from corasont
11,01XD
yes
11,01Lol.
aunt beru and uncle oan
CriticKitten seems legit
man they look young
hi LUKE CAMEO
And thousands of years ago, all buildings had to be phallic symbols.
Quick_Thinker: AND ACTUALLY BANGABLE
It was required.
:D
EPIC ENDING
Maybe they have more experience building it which is why the second got built quicker
:)
it is the best one
Im going to hit the hay, night everyone
ponies now? :O
noo
yet it betrays the entire series and even the extened series
YAY
CHOCALATE
13HI DERPY!
MUFFINS!!
Shizuka: and now for another type of spam..
Nittany_Discord: Hey, do you guys think you can stream this funny movie called Delat Farce?
CHOCOLATE MUFFINSSSSSSSSSSSSS
CHOCOLATE
Xaiden, put it in lotto
CHOCOLATE!
JESmith71: Ohhh OK, thanks
I see no chocolate . . .
13a swimming pool... in his swimming pool...
13UNDERWATER
LOL
Shizuka seems legit
Poolception
What is Delat Farce? Star Wars spoof?
ah, I see it now
JESmith71: It'
my stream is behind
a muffin
refresh ti
it
I did
more time for thinking is a wise decision
ironically my mom saw this and helped make xocia and now is a millionar XD
xD
Shizuka...spongebob has shoes...so by patricks logic...hes rich already..
JESmith71: Look up the trailer, Its basically Larry the cable guy in the military, and hes in mexico
so shit is funny
Chocolate
did you say cho colate?
With or withouth nuts.
CHOCOLATE
CHOCOLATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CHOCOLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATE
CHOCOLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATE
CARAMEL!!!
:S
VANILLA
This is probably one of the few times Spongebob is scared
there getting conned, WOW
/me wants to be a good salesman
FANCY LIVING HERE WE COME
LA LA LALA LAAAAAAAA
LA LA LALA LAAA!
FANCEH LIVING HERE WE COME!!! LAA LA LA LAL LALALA!
xD
20
buy they have 2
20 yet they are carrying 2
HAHAHA
LOL
Inception?
LOL
BAGCEPTION
ROFL
Im back! AND OH MY GOD SPONGEBOB SEY! :$
DAT UNZIP
INCEPTION XD
CHOCOLAAAAATE
btw CriticKitten what do you say to star wars 3 having 80% critic review on RT?
INCEPCTION MUSIC! I LOVE YOU STREAMER!
CHOCOLATE
Like dat spam of the inception
naked for selling real estate
xD
FREEZE
o.o
I LOVE YOU
I LUV I
I love doing that freeze
GAY
best part
right there
Here it comes
LMAO
xD
LOL
Patrick has a fat fetish
ah, back when this show wasn't a steaming pile
]Focus
$50 on photos...
O_O
:D
Dat focus
LOL
xDDDD
hey everypony *sigh*
This is when SpongebobWAS ACTUALLY GOOD
hi Sketch_Toku_Brony
o_O
O_O
CHOCOLAAAAAAAATE
Not the way I use them? A chip fetish?
xD
That sounboard :D
dat mother
xD
._.
Wat. o.o
Chalklet
Must've hit a button by mistake.
lol
sigh man today just aint my day
Lol
Let me guess, that last one was for Plankton :P
Spongebob, CON MASTERS
Sketch_Toku_Brony should I ask how it's been?
Guess they are trying to teach you that the only way to make money is by lieing...
the truth
dat violin
I was born without a head...
lol
normally i should be asleep but I'm not
xD
dat squee
CHOCOLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATE
CHOCOLATE
CHOCCLAAAAAAAATE|
O______________O
11,01*squee*
Ewwwww
=/
MINE!
good use
why can't I sleep?
thanks Canadian_Brony just kinda stressed since today i found out my niece was in the hospital cause she got her pinkie and ring fingers cut off by a bike chain though they were able to be saved and sewn back on and now shes home resting easy so im glad shes ok :)
Dken2021: Warm milk?
because no one likes you
/me 11,01wishes he could sell like that
AW SHIT
here we go
Dken2021: maybe you are just a nocturnal brony
:)
Sketch_Toku_Brony oh dear, hope everything's ok for her
/me Hugs Sketch_Toku_Brony "I'm sorry to hear that"
Sketch_Toku_Brony holy sh*t. Tell her a canadian wishes her luck!
this is one of my favourites!
WOOO!!!!
Dken2021: Did you try warm milk?
kidzrul434 I blame starbucks
Sketch_Toku_Brony, she'll be okay don't worry but still damn
tell her two canadians wish her good luck
Ponies47 will lemonade work?
Sketch_Toku_Brony, it'll be a new life for her without those fingers
its all good shes resting easy now :) thanks everypony *HUGS* one of the many reasons im glad to be a brony
Or Bronystate is so addicting you don't wanna sleep
Dken2021: IDK :p
Is it me or do I hear famous Pony quotes.
don't worry Dken2021 I'm still awake too and it's like 2:00 where I am
JESmith71 that's why I'm here
HOOPLAH
actually Crimson they were saved and sewn back on so theyll heal
HOOPLAH
/me Hugs Sketch_Toku_Brony back "IKR? Everypony is so nice and friendly here. They are so helpfull" :)
Sabershy thank the soundboard
welp im going to sleep, good night everyone
APPLE BLOOM!
WRONG!!!!!!!!
g'night Darkts3|Drawing|MLG2
goodnight Darkts3|Drawing|MLG2
HOOPLAH!
Night Darkts3|Drawing|MLG2
Sketch_Toku_Brony, oh it was only a tear, she'll be more than fine then
I can't sleep
imported . . . ice
I kind of messed up my sleep because of Bronystate.
[Alpha] summer messed up my sleep
LOL
derp derp derp derp derp derp derp derp
he's Derpy!
XD
I need that button
Well timed and well played Shizuka
DERPY
"Nopony wants to be a Squidward."
Boo
example I went to sleep at 2 in the afternoon
POOP
dictionary
Ponies Order Our Patties
dem comments
Nicely times AppleBloom comment.
^
definately A
Sofa lol
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Wait. Ponies don't eat meat!
I understand poop, and it's COMPLETE SHIT :D
I would have taken the sofa
sofa
LOL
almost said soda
Xaiden: (Rimshot)
13pff
Ponies47 but theyre Hay
13he was going for the expensive haircut
13you know it
Shizuka: IKR?
DID HE JUST SAY SHIT?
lol
if there was a D, what would it be?
11,01Shizuka: Are these sound bytes added before hand?
A poop
lol hes got hooves
lol
Dat hair
13nope
I wish i could do that to get rid of acne
Spongebob is a pony! :O
HE NEEDS AN EXPENSIVE HAIRCUT
YES
LOL
SPLAT
No employee wants to be a Squidward
oh god thank celestia Pinkie doesnt multiply 0_o
file cabinet?
11,01Shizuka: I meant did you add them?
I think most of these tracks are from public domain
13nope
11,01Alright.
Shizuka where did you find this?
11,01Then you're pretty damn quick with that soundboard.
Nice touch adding the echo on that second OH COME ON
lol
13yup
Shizuka dayum
11,01Best part here.
lol pinkie is scaring patrick
UHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
LOL
The ceiling is always right!
UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
the Pinkie is right Squidward
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
lol
:D
11,01Ceiling is watching you masturbate.
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Nittany_Discord I just looked up . . .
Nittany_Discord: DAMNIT!! ALL MY FETISHES ARE NOW REVEALED
I dislike you right about now
NOT WHEN I SHIFT TO MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE!!!!!
PANIC!!!!
Nittany_Discord: No that's ceiling Derpy's job. No wait. She watchs you clop
hes so helpful
dat maximum overdrive
Shift into TURBO *woooaah!*
^
:o
Couldn't Plankton just buy a Krabby Patty?
Nope
REMERBER!!! POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP
where's the fun in that?
GabeMoist he's not smart
11,01GabeMoist: It's just crazy enough to work.
:D
Pfft Poop? What about POOTIS
HERE WE GO
AH YEAH
6_9
What? That's crazy talk. Buy a Krabby Patty? Pfft.
he could just get it in the trash
>.> *looks at watch* <.<
DA dadadadaddaddada dAAH DAH DAHD AHDADHDAHDHDAHHDHDAHD DED EDE DEAH
/me "Duhdudduh"
BEST FAWKING PART
awwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Did that patty speak?! :P
dat stare
sex?
Shizuka you really need to add the credit on this episode
IS
lol
LOL
:D
NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
plankton
is it sex?
MC!
Thanks Shizuka
Sweetie Belle is right. Oh come on! >.<
ok , good night Shizuka
:D
That was fun Shizuka. Nice job with the soundboard
Audio surf?
thanks for the stream shizuka
Thank you Shizuka for the always awesome stream.
awesome stream yet again <3 Shizuka
No, Shizuka! Don't leave us... please... :'(
we got fooled again
my exact feelings good job vader
Shizuka: what was that pong game?
13Plasma Pong
cratorkid ping
Yeah let's close the Star Wars week out with one last NOOOOO for the road
Shizuka plasma ping
Seriously Shizuka you really need to add the credit at the end of that specific episode
13credit?
Shizuka: thnx <3
Shizuka: What's the song called???
credits
yeah of spongebob
whats that?
13don't have them
Each time I come here there is more and more reasons why I love you ponies :)
Thanks for streaming
Thanks for the stream Shizuka *Hugs*
This song is amazing!!!!
13http://youtu.be/kc1SH5hWMLE
Shizuka, that's why I said you should manage to fish it and add it somehow
Thank you Shizuka
whats that racing game?
love this outtro
that one
cause that episode is a bit weak without the credit
with the loop de loops
I could make a better montage, if my capture card worked.....
XD
Speaking of youtube: Does anypony know the name of that video with Chrysalis? Contains dubstep...
nap time
thanks for streaming Shizuka
there is a lot of those Sabershy
Eyup thanks for the stream Shizu ~
man KH 3D is awesome already at Country of the Muskateers w/ Sora
Good stream Shizuka
never disappointing
Sabershy, this? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISwaMSMUPDo
/me pokes GigabitHarmonie
I have that song :3
/me pokes Jmo4267 back.
ohai GigabitHarmonie
[Alpha]: I believe it contains the words "My addiction, Handle me with conviction" and "Ra, ah, ah"...
/me glomps GigabitHarmonie
OHAI PONIES
/me creates a glomp pile on Jmo4267 and GigabitHarmonie
Canadian_Brony: Just for you.
allo Pinkies4thWall
Hai Pinkies4thWall
ellp Pinkies4thWall
hi Pinkies4thWall
May I have ponies? :'(
maybe
NOP
I'd give you one, but I don't think you have a stable
I went to a chinese buffet with about 8 of my Brony friends today.
http://www.redbubble.com/people/northerndash/works/8083175-science?body_color=black&p=t-shirt&print_location=front&size=medium&style=mens
I also ate an oyster.
has anypony seen the Chainsaw.NOPE w/ Twi and Spike playing Lollipop Chainsaw?
I need to work of my Lp's haven't posted a video in a while :\
Pinkies4thWall nice. Today, I did nothing productive
neat Pinkies4thWall , guess you had a great time
I did
?
Before i open my other browser, is there a stream?
no
nnope
sadly
unfortunate truth
No
Anyone heard of Whitest Kids U Know?
wut?
somewhat, haven't sen them
Now I really wish I could stream
:\
brb, gonna set up my Wii and play Super Paper Mario
SUPA PAPUR MERIO
Canadian_Brony: OH YEAH, WELL I"M GONNA PLAY BAD COMPANY 2!!!
Who here has ever tried to bowl like scootaloo?
:p
OH YEAH I'M GONNA GO PLAY MS PAINT.
Game, set, match.
Jmo4267: MOTHER OF GOD
:O
Pinkies4thWall I haven't bowled in years, long before FiM was around
I need to step up my game, RED DEAD REDEMPTION
OH YEAH, WELL I'M GOING TO PLAY BRONYSTATE!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rqfaMLqiNA&feature=plcp
I'm gonna play Pinkies4thWall.
SUP.
Pinkies4thWall: no....
/me is played
Ohai Pinkies4thWall
Has anyone here eaten oyster before?
loloyster
buckinga ball... not weird at all
Pinkies4thWall: Just commented on that vid
:)
I ate octopus tentacle once
Look
It's funny
:p
What about escargot?
hey guys
let's play
hi CrimsonPhoenix
You want you lose
Dat bending.
LOl
CrimsonPhoenix: Play what?
The Game.
You want you lose
NO
nah, don't usually have fancy foods often
DAMNIT I JUST DID
basically I'll send a link to something and if you want it you lose
I lol'd
:[
/me <3's oysters and escargot
ready?
A fucking Frenzy!
Send me da link
http://i.imgur.com/S5K5T.jpg
do.... NOT WANT
I WIN
Pinkay pai
goddamn ponies got me runnin' in a cyclone
HOLY SHIT MY CHROME BROWSER IS TYPING PROPERLY AGAIN!!!!
WOOOOOOOOOO
Hey, anyone know how to add my OC to Desktop Ponies?
Congratulations.
Xaiden, didn't I send you a link to that the other day? o.O
Xaiden, are you good in pixel art?
Jmo4267: you don't understand.
/me hugs pony
Now I do.
CrimsonPhoenix: If making MC skins is good then yes
oops.
Xaiden, no
that's nothing
aww
CrimsonPhoenix has a point.
Well where can I practice
basically, you need to make gifs
Jmo4267: i was pony
pixel art is way more complex
You were pony.
Was using 2 browsers
anyway
Dken2021, for making gif you need to have the basis of pixel art
CrimsonPhoenix: Where do I practice?
Xaiden, open Paint
darn now theres more music I need to add to my list
that too
ok
and get some pixel tutorial
where?
My chrome would only type numbers, and my Firefox would not show the stream.
definitely not Google
It was so frustrating
Learn the number language.
:3
11,02I eat cookies :D
I eat muffins
What is your point?
CrimsonPhoenix: That's not helping
I eat YOUR sanviches
11,02:<
hi SuperBrony64
I have a cone, your point is invalid.
do you have any suggestions?
11,02i liek cookies ;~;
/me gives SuperBrony64 a BIG hug. THIS BIG!
/me feeds SuperBrony64 cookies.
i liek mudkipz
well im gonna draw,now what should i draw? lol man some Kamen Rider inspired ponies :$
Xaiden, that's it
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall back :D
SuperBrony64 how are you doing this fine evening?
and sandviches
/me noms on the cookies :3
11,02Canadian_Brony: COOL :D
SuperBrony64: Would you like a poptart?
unless you can get someone that'll do the thing for you
Screw poptarts.
you gotta get into pixel art
/me also gives SuperBrony64 Oreos, Chips Ahoy, and snickerdoodles
i like music but that's not edible
Jmo4257, Screw u
probably using templates might help
dat 4257
ahh
ok
Xaiden
/me noms on all the cookies :D
/me gives SuperBrony64 milk for his cookies
Derpy Chat
SuperBrony64 great! I'm pissing around with miles of cables to get my Wii hooked up so I can play Super Paper Mario until the stream comes back up
my back is killing me
Dat Jmo4267
DAT MASF123
DAT SuperBrony64
Ohai MASF123
/me does a little jig to tune http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-XU0jIDjJU
Dat Pinkies4thWall
Dat horse: http://pinkies4thwall.tumblr.com/image/27279467546
Dat horse.
yup, that's definately a horse
Dat yup
Might be a cow.
Possabeeleeeteee
I think that completely unintentinoally, the images I've been drawing for New Artist Training Grounds have been getting into creepypasta territory.
Dat horse be a mare. 17 years old, named QT.
hahha, dat name
05mornin
SUCCESS
Morning Wrek
She my sister's horse. I brushie her often
good evening Wrek
Good morning Wrek
evening Wreky
morning, Wrek
Dat Green shirt
Dat Wrek
Dat chat
At least I finally started using the show for reference.
Tis 1:32 here :P
hmm based on my musical preference I think I'm part robot
Dem 'dat's'
AM
It's 2:32 a.m.
I"m yet to break midnight
It be 12:32 here in Utah
man these forms for Fourze and Meteor will make some AWESOME pony ideas especially with Evolvin' Storm inspiring me :D
brb, I need food
ok
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1exYQ5_FlGU heres the song for those curious
When is Season 3 gonna start? I think September.
Guys. I lol'd. http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/30/v1umnhI_TUWBIy-xPasgZg2.png
suspected around that timeframe
HEY GUYS I RECENTLY REDISCOVERED ABOUT THIS VIDEO http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWM2joNb9NE
I lol'd again. http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/8/1/yByYJ9TWtUmXPhc6GuyCxg2.png
DAMN YOU NOODLE
failbook.com
I lol'd once more, for good measure. http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/7/27/it9fRSTBHUqPXgZgj3wltA2.png
Hey everypony :/
allo Chains
how scary CrimsonPhoenix
PINK FLUFFY UNICORNS DANCING ON RAINBOWS
I haha'd and the humor was doubled. http://cheezfailbooking.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/funny-facebook-fails-yer-a-wizard-babysitter1.png
Huh.
That IS scary.
/me hugs Chains
(Insert rage baout computer here) :[
GOD DAMMIT MR.NOODLE! :[
*about
Pinkies4thWall lol
warning contains crappily drawn gore http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCQSpzjHxpQ
Dken2021: You deserve a medal.
?
did i lose connection?
actually there's no organs...only crappy blood
Wow. there are 1627 PAGES of FAIL.
wouldn't know myself, didn't see you disconnect or anything
...
Dken2021: You're the only one who said hello to me ._.
I return with food and entertainment. How much did I miss?
aww, he left
my chat won't update
MASF123 refresh
CrimsonPhoenix: da faq was that?
. . .
not much dude
Mr Muffin face is better.
11,02MOO
11,02Let's do dis.
Oh god no.
moooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
SuperBrony64, do you have Scott Pilgrim the game?
what?
....?
I have a bad feeling about this
uh oh
yay stream
no
:O
sega
yay SEGA
LION KING
OH GOD
Wut?
OH BOY
SOh yes.
oh look, the game of my childhood
Dayum
This'll be good.
SEGA VERSION AS WELL
BEST VERSION
Real Genesis?
agreed
>DIFFICULT
SuperBrony64, YOU'RE CRAZY
SuperBrony64 you playin'?
Difficulty: DIFFICULT
SB 64's back with some Genesis Lion King
DIFFICULT ON LION KING
HE'S CRAZY
11,01Off to sleep.
Night Nittany_Discord
nighty Nittany_Discord
it starts
g'night Nittany_Discord
night Nittany_Discord
Night Nittany_Discord
dat 0 life
Oh, lord. http://bronies.memebase.com/2011/07/17/duriansruslolol-herd-lol/
baibai Nittany_Discord
I'm seeing some discoloration. I doubt we'd be seeing this if it came from any sort of emulator.
Night, Nittany_Discord
11,02ONE LIFE?!
I TOLD YOU SuperBrony64
it start, mofo
I TOLD ABOUT DIFFICULT
IT BEGIIIIINS
well it is the difficult setting
No words can describe my anger when flash crashes.
lol
When they say Difficult they mean it
fail..
GAME OVER MAN, GAME OVER!@
already. :D
11,02You would think that Difficult actually make the game legitimitely harder...not just give me less lives to work with :<
you SuperBrony64 it's ok to put it on Normal
Welp, i gotta go. Bai ponies!
Bai Pinkies4thWall
oh shit, i remember this one
11,02Later Pinkies4thWall :)
bye Pinkies4thWall!
/me hugs Pinkies4thWall
Bye Pinkies4thWall
chat, you're messing me up! I'm playin' a game too, and it ain't easy with a keyboard in your lap
bye Pinkies4thWall
seeya Pinkies4thWall
bye Pinkies4thWall
I'm losing track of my stuff!
/me hugs all dem pingers
11,02BUGS EXPLODE
/me was hugged
BYE Pinkies4thWall
11,02WARN TIMON AND PUMBA
And it seems you take more damage. Two hits kill?
haha
OH NOES
SuperBrony64: they eat Nitroglycerin
4 hits kill
Just like Poprocks
b-but making enemies harder requires writing code ;_;
I heard you like Game Over.
shut up elmo
and so it begins
I haven't seen this game in forever
Also, I just discovered Ponyhoof.
13http://i.imgur.com/DxsCh.jpg
Ponyhoof <3
Lol nice Pinkies4thWall
Pinkies4thWall: I want to use that so bad! To bad it no work with internet explorer :<
You JUST discovered ponyhoof? :O
Shizuka cope with the circumstances
just
BOSS TIME
what is ponyhoof?
11,02:<
It supports, Firefox, Chrome, and Opera. IE Y U suck?
inb4 parents turn off the net. Bai
'what is ponyhoof'
Go slap yourself.
I notice that your health is regenerating. And to think that this game came before Halo
Wow nightmare night the orchestral version is so epic.
I know, I'm kinda slow on this stuff
11,02I AM WINRAR
It's a mod for Facebook
Canadian_Brony: facebook ponified I think
ALRIGHT
TIME FOR BS LEVEL
bad touche
11,02:<
no bonus for u
Bawg tawss
Anything the light touches, is OUR kingdom
MahBoi777 oh. No wonder, I quit facebook years ago
...everything SO SUDDEN!
I'm gonna be a mighty king
Rofl
[Alpha]: Orchestral verisons are always epic
Haha!! :D
Canadian_Brony: Lol it's okay
RUSHING GIRAFFES?
This level is difficult.
I have 2 Facebooks :P
I won't go into detail cuz it's an essay
I agree now this picture is for SuperBrony64 http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/294
take that monkeys!
I've passed it many times, which is why I hate getting Ame Over to do this BS level again.
Roar.
SPLAT!
Dat platforming
only thing I hate in this level is the ducking part
PUZZLE
Stuff that I have under the username Ponies47 The chats, Youtube, Steam, Facebook, and Skype :P
Tap up repeatly when on the ostrich
You're supposed to roar at the monkeys
I could never get through this without using Level Select. That dang ostrich riding part
Oh I just can't wait to be king
roar next to pink monkey
roar at the rhino like a baws
13this oozes 16bit
11,02^
OSTRICH
tap up
wheeeeeeee
11,02wut
ded
timing SuperBrony64
wut, double up?
Bop his head it looks cool
this game is my childhood <3
13IT BEGINS
IT BEGIIINS
dem branches >:[
It restarts
05so many memories
Som many ragequits
Try to grab that big red bug down there
/me Hasen't seen The Lion King in a while
I'm still trying to figure this out. Muting doesn't help
this was on the Sega system wasn't it?
I think I only reached level 5... :(
Yep and Super NES
back when games where so unforgiving
MahBoi777 om my gawd
And Game Boy and Game Gear too
13i don't remember him jumping on whoopi goldberg's head
11,02TROLL TIMON
13but what about that shadowy place?
1
Canadian_Brony: hmmm?
But really. 1 DIE NO CONTUINES?!? :[
SuperBrony64 learns quickly
11,02These garbage Genesis controls >>
Haaaaaters gonna haaaaate.
lol
Lol. U Mad?
11,02I JUMPED
MahBoi777 wha-oh, sorry. Mah bad! Typing, eating, gaming, and watching stream
Oh that's delicious
13and simba was decapitated by a tree
Is there a doublejumping mechanic?
Canadian_Brony: lol it' k
I never could get past those double jump spots
It's only the 2nd level. C'mon man
Kandarihu, in the ostrich yes
multi-multi-tasking
I could :P
Like I said I just used the Level Code
Kandarihu yea, but the branch is very low you'll likely hit it a lot
I passed it fair and square, trust me this level is so BS
11,02For those who want to get technical, I'm playing this on a Genesis Model 3 >>
TECHNICAL
The hell is dat?
aw man i remeber this game :) *Chocolate Old Lady voice* I ALWAYS HATED IT for being so hard lol ah memories.
damn this game was hard
srs bsns
SuperBrony64 so technical
this game is hard but damn is it fun to playu
I remember this in the movie!
:D
They designed this for little kids, what the hell Disney
SuperBrony64, AW YEAH
I dont'
/me drum roll
another ostrich part
MASF123, at least we grew up with hard game like these
I am working on roaor!
i awaken :3
and not with grab the end games
ANyone know if there's a way to get CS4/CS3 free?
on snap, he passed it
Hardest part is at the end, a double jump then quick duck
SuperBrony64 is too good now
/me Sucks at all video games
Expert
im getting tired of this song
dem 16 bits BGM <3
*snoooooore*
11,02FUUUUUUUUUUU
CrimsonPhoenix, I feel like my dad got ripped off wth
SuperBrony64: I CAUGHT YOU
rwar!
MASF123, what do you mean?
11,02Moo O.O
I died so much at the first ostrich bit, I never got to hear the whole 16 bit version of this song
Mooooo
I wanted a game, that can be beat as a little kid
Image giving a 2 year-old MK3
Imagine
but MASF123 this can be beat as a little kid with enough patience and determination
Well I guess I'll have to hire someone to make my Desktop Pony OC, It cost like $600 to get the software that you use to CREATE them.
man i wanna see the Lion King world again in any sequel after KH 3D that would be neat hehe reminds me of KH 2 fighting Scar
no life kid maybe
and trust me as a kid you have A LOT of patience
A easy game for kids. Any of the Lego games :P
11,02Don't tell me I have to go back :<
Patience is a virtue. A lesson never taught.
Not really, little kids throw tandrums all the time
well there are logs there
SuperBrony64, this puzzle is quite complex I admit
*philisophical mumb-jumbo*
I would say I was very pesistent as a child
oooh
my cousins never have patience, they always want me to finish their games for them all the mtime
Dken2021, how old were you and your cousin?
Dafuq
right now, they're 8 and 9
Hey you guys
allo xtremetoxicguy
hi xtremetoxicguy
hey xtremetoxicguy
SuperBrony64: Should play 1 of the Lego games sometimes if he feals like it :P
hey Dken2021!^^
We just got into a hotel, dad's drunk again T_T
hi Dken2021
Ponies47: Everplayed lego rock raiders?
11,02WHAT?!?!?
Oh well, how are you?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Newbie Artist Training Grounds II: Day 4
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Newbie Artist Training Grounds II: Day 4
allo KiwiBoi777 and Canadian_Brony
I missed somthing! Why does SuperBrony64 sound pissed?
Tao bot gets no love
Canadian_Brony, Lion King
that's why
I love this movie...
I won't ask for details cuz I probably won't get them
did avgn review it?
Canadian_Brony, just get a chance to play it :P
don't hink so
it's not much a crappy game, just hard
^^
i think i remeber the stampede part being reference in an ep of MLP, i think it was the bunnies and that one pony passed out on the ground
so much throwing @~@
Sketch_Toku_Brony, yeah
I wanna go to bed...
11,02;A;
dem super drowning skills
SuperBrony64: *hugs*
SuperBrony64, you can do it
RAAAAGE
Believe in me who believes in you
Is this for, like super nintendo?
xtremetoxicguy: mayybe'
xtremetoxicguy, Super NIntendo, Genesis, PC
genesis actually, though there was one for SNES
So close
11,02WOW
I used to play sonic ALL THE FREAKING TIME
Me and CrimsonPhoenix have both passed this level, if we can do it, so can you, SuperBrony64
11,02So /that's/ what I'm supposed to do
nop.
what?
SuperBrony64, you just looked in the net
my stream froze
lol stuck in a hotel room is not too fun! XD
huh
11,02CrimsonPhoenix: Yesh :<
xtremetoxicguy explore?
So, is this a flashcart or a physical cartridge. I'm guessing the latter
heh I do admit the puzzle is a bit retarded there
SuperBrony64, :( why you no answer le call
Panda|Homework, don't EVER use le again
ah man Sonic, probably that and Altered Beast that got me into gaming when i was like 3 or 4 :) ah good times
11,02This is an actual Genesis
CrimsonPhoenix, what?
except if you speak fench
so much jumping
Back in my day, we never looked up on the Internet, dail-up was too day slow.
11,02Panda|Homework: What call? O.O
french**
Dken2021: Can't. My dad raged out of the room and told me not to leave
killerpony7733: Sorry my computer is really bucking up tonight. But no
so, im stuck here
damn
I know it's a physical console. I was wondering about the cartridge.
SuperBrony64, skype duh XD
oh
Ponies47: Aah
lol so much fun
i need to mute this
Kandarihu, SuperBrony64 doesn't pirate
the music is driving me crazyt
/me Would love to Skype with SuperBrony64 when he gets a mic and webcam :P
i know
11,02:<
so I really doubt it's a flashcart
CrimsonPhoenix, wrong! he pirates all day :D
I need to get my cam fixed
ded
Alright, alright. Sorry. So how did he get his hands on this cart? He's obviously not experienced with it.
xtremetoxicguy I guess you don't have a taste in the genesis sound chip?
11,02o.o
11,02wut
11,02WUT
>.>
SuperBrony64, the timing is very tricky
Ouch..
It depends...just this song is kinda annoying
I was playing TF2 alot today O_O
WTF was that?!?
Game Over?? UNACCEPTABLE
Hating on can't wait to be a king?
The King...has returned? o.o
UNACCEPTABLEEEEEEEE
actually I'm kidding it's all opinion
and I'm in nostalgic craze now so :P
UNACCEPTABLLLLLE!!!!!!
THREE HUNDRED YEARS DUNGEON!
i would say P3 Game Over yeah but i know how it feels to lose in a frustrating game...damn you Ninja Gaiden 2 on 360 in Mentor Mode :|
11,02:<
nomnomnom
I'm goint to bed, apprently he doesn't have the skills to pay the bills.
what happened? did he warp?
11,02:<
11,02I has the skillz ;~;
I bought E.T. game on ebay
GO SB
u can do eet
/me hugs SuperBrony64
worthless, but funny
/me hugs Jmo4267 back ;A;
SIMBA!
/me Is just about ready to take his computer and chuck it out the window
You can do it SuperBrony64
SB64 has teh skilllz.
ouch
E.T. for Atari 1600
lol xtremetoxicguy
You have the touch
You have the poweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeer
YEAH
HEEEEE MAN!
xtremetoxicguy, you didn't get the reference
Ponies47 I know that feel bro.
i got it Crimson,the reference i mean lol
11,02o.o
Sketch_Toku_Brony, I love you
after all is said and done
froze?
I believe he's checking the net
@SuperBrony64, tell me if you've passed the 2nd level the next time I visit you on Bronystate I would really like to here your progress
You here alot of things eh
here, there, anywhere
Anyone here played Bad Company 2?
of course I do.
:p
lolbattlefield
What, its FAWKING AWESOME
LOLFPS
i was going to bring up a wonderfully funny conversation about haggard, but if "OMG FPS's GAMES SUCK" is all I'm going to get the buck it
:(
*then
too early
TOO LATE.
11,02but...but...
ded
WTF
...the tears of a small childe... :(
we playing a PS1 game?
No, Sega Genesis
oh are you kiddn me? Lion king? awesome! i still have a gmae boy color lying around with that in it!
Oh.
05we found a child
^
YES
05we were about to eat him but thats no longer our way
05we took his leg but that is our trade
Wrek: O.O
05we call him stumpy...
hehehe
dang
11,02Nooooo
"Just a flesh wound!"\
05i lvoe that skit
13Wrek: what do you call a guy with no arms and no legs hanging on a wall
SuperBrony64, btw there's a life at the bottom of the tree right before the second ostrich
I can't believe a 1-hit k.o. comes from a branch. Lol.
i never got over like level 5 when i was younger... maybe i should try again
11,02:<
05i cant remember
13art
A wall hanger
lol art
stampede is really the wall that most have with this game
LoLz
Cause he's just hanging around
Eli, I still can't pass level 5
05lawls
13what do you call a guy with no arms and no legs floating in the water?
scenery?
A mob victim
11,02Bob?
13bob
The graphics on the stream hurt my eyes!
11,02Moo :3
Sumica, he could just check the interlace
/me Wonders what bronystate will be like in 5 years
11,02Sumica: Yesh
11,02DONE WITH THIS GAME
13Sumica: dat interlacing amirite
RAGE QUIT
Or you could cheat and use the Level Code
Well everyone, I've had a wonderful evening hanging out with all of you guys, but I really got to hit the hay, I'll see all you guys tomorrow!! :)
00,10aye
i like the Pinkie one called Warming Laughter really creative
00,10it's raw signal, no encoding
SuperBrony64, don't double tap jump. Wait like a half sec delay
Night Xaiden
seeya Xaiden
11,02Derpy123: OKie :3
11,02There
11,02Deinterlace is on now :3
00,10if I ever tryed to use my system as a dvr that's what it would look like
Mickey Mania
You ragequit? Man... :/
SuperBrony64, keed it on
Oh Mickey Mania is difficult too.
keep**
ohai Sumica
Oh this
what is this Epic Mickey?
I think I got to the level with the burning stairs and building
11,02Better?
I played this game on the SNES.
Way better SuperBrony64
hey, it's Steamboat Willy!
cool!
lol now i keep hoping Sora,Donald and Goofy show up and help fight Pete
exactly my thought Sketch_Toku_Brony :)
Mickey doesn't need their help to take on Pete
it has somewhat something of KH 2 where you go back in time
ouch
NOOOOOOOOOOOO! SCHOOL STARTS IN ABOUT A MONTH! :'(
lol quick Mickey! Use Trinity! :D
Suck it up.
for a sec i thought the glove was flipping me the bird
Word of advice, don't die once you gonna need ALL your lives if you want to beat this game, even on easy diffculty
Dat ded
hehe, you use him as a platform
starts*
holy 3D sprite batman
SuperBrony64: Wasn't there a donald duck ninja themed game ?
good morning everypony
Eli: I start high-school this year. So I'm nervious :s
Hye somepony_else
Ponies47: School isn't that bad :p
hey Ponies47
11,02Cold Marauder I believe, yeah
/me Hides "noname school is scary" shivers
morning somepony_else
hey Dken2021
hi somepony_else \
11,02Maui Mallard
Ponies47: enjoy your high school years
hello Canadian_Brony /)
SuperBrony64: That's it i really loved that game when i was little
11,02Maui Mallard in Cold Shadow was the game :3
11,02I have that on the PC somewhere ^-^
Ponies47: High school is way better than middle school, Trust me.
Derpy_Hooves: I'm just scared :s
dont be
Ponies47: schhool si scary... well at least if you're going to an all french school with wierd people and crazy teachers :P
noname: I hated middle school -_-
SuperBrony64: My mom has the cd around somewhere at home
Ponies47: Me to
I went from elementary to high. No middle school for me . . . worst school year of my life was the first year of high school
Watch out foe the bats, falling axes, and projectiles! :O
for
going to the bathroom was like Mission Impossible
someone else is in there and you GTFO
Canadian_Brony: What province do you live in? :s
BC
Canadian_Brony: Hey did you buy that 1 Rainbow Dash "I Can See Stuipd peopel" shirt yet? :P
Ponies47 nah, I opted out for this http://www.redbubble.com/people/edoxile/works/8632633-drink-cider-learn-nothing?p=t-shirt
Canadian_Brony: Oh yeah. When does school start for you?
beginning of September
this game has some pretty impressive sprites
high hopes S3 will be out by then
Hardest part of this level are the minecart looking part and the mad doctor boss battle
Same September 3rd for. It would be the 4th but you know freshman only day -_-
Canadian_Brony: ^
11,02fuuuuu
SuperBrony64: NEXT!
no more hits
dat bone
I see it like a 1 sec delay lol
Ponies47: Look at the bright side of starting school, season 3 comes out :)
Ponies47 I didn't have a "Freshman day" at the beginning of the year. Near the end of Grade 7 (last one before high), all the grade 7's walked over to the high school most of us would attend.
Ponies47 first day of Grade 8 was terrifying
left and right I'm dogding huge crowds and anyone with a beard
who isn't over 30
Mickey Mouse and Donlad Duck in World of Illusion is a much easier game, you should play that next if you want.
noname: LE GASP! You are so right. No wait... I'll be able to watch them but of coarse keep it sevret. With starting a new school and all NOBODY must know I watch MLP they would all ahte me and plus it would be a repeat of middle school no friends :<
Donald
11,02I love 3D effects in these games :3
the animations of that game here are amazing for that age
Canadian_Brony: I know I'm gonna be scared when I go to my first day of high school :s
@SuperBrony64 they look great because you know they are 2D, but they trick your eyes into thinking it's 3D
ouch
Ponies47 First year, you'll be terrified no doubt. Second year, I felt like I owned the place.
say anyone play KH 3D?
you died :D
I played it.
Sketch_Toku_Brony I haven't, but one of my friends does. He got it on opening day.
im kinda wonderin about the abilities you unlock w/ spirits and if theres a way to keep them but get rid of the spirit.
It was meh with a captial Eh, it's not bad at all, but just doens't feel astounding... :/
I know there was a secret in this room
O_____O
Canadian_Brony: First year I can agree sedond year bitch please :P
my eyes are filled with green
*second
like keep Leaf Bracer and wut not but get rid of the Spirit that carries those abilities
Super Brony try getting back on the...
too late
11,02Take note, this is the farthest I've ever gotten in this game without cheating :#
11,02:3
SuperBrony64 amazing!
Farthest I got was...uh, the level after the Knights level, it might be the ghost level if I'm correct. No wait I think I passed that too...
oh SuperBrony64 do you have Aero the acrobat?
Do you have World of Illusion?
11,02No :/
:<
Comic Zone is sweet
The Mad Doctor's last appearance till Epic Mickey
11,02PLUTO :D
He sings now apparently. :D
morning
ho Doobinz
The first time he had a voice
yay :3
05dolan plz
Hey Doobinz
Now for the moose stage
This fight is to BS fight him at full heath
health
dat Wrek hai
11,02ded by nature
11,02Hai Wrek :3
NOOOOOO
05hai Sb!
05:D
hi Wrek
SuperBrony64: Just wondering, was the anime we were watching about a week ago called secret of blue water? Because I wanna watch the whole series.
Nadia
05whats a good pony related name for a galleon?
ohai Wrek~
noname I think so . . .
but I'm not sure
The Galloping Galleon?
ha!
hi Shamroc
Canadian_Brony: Just making sure :P
O_____________O
DAT SEGA
SONIC
AW SHIT
FIRST ONE
YEAH
Awwwwwwww yeeeeaaaahhhhhhhhh
13dat shamrocs
oh snap
I just opened a bottle of Jones, and this is what is says under the cap:
sonic
sonic rainboom :D
Alright everypony. Time to sleep. See Y'all tomorrow!
Oh yeah, HAI EVERYPONY
WOOOOOOOO SONIC
13dat shizu way past her bedtime..
gnight Sabershy.
"You will partake in a gala affair."
Green Hill Zone is about to get 20% COOLER :D
g'night Sabershy
Hey FUS_RO_yay
Shizuka: Pfff haven't slept yet and it's already almost 10 AM here
:D
Night Sabershy
Shizuka you headin' to bed?
Oh that was just the attract mode
13almost 3am
who would win in a race? RD or Sonic?
. . . is that a yes?
Shizuka: Same
Eli: Pfff RD
13have been getting to sleep at like 4:30 lately...
11,02Dat sleepy Shizuka O.O
13wake up at 2pm...
Eli: She can break the sound barrier so RD.
Killerpony7733: I better not read about you in the newspaper as a random kid staying awake for 3 days and killed himself playing video games.
Shizuka sounds alot like me
Sabershy: Trust me i slept to almost 5 PM yesterday,
05thats strange Shizuka
:D
Latest I have ever got up 2:45 PM O~O
I haven't done a 24 hours and probably won't
05for me ive recently stopped wakiung up at 4pm goign to bed at 8am
killerpony7733: I have done almost 50
Shizuka why waking up so early ?
hours :P
killerpony7733 Pfft, 24 hours is easy.
trippy
beats me.. go to bed at 3am... wake up at 7
I'm lucky i'm not high anymore... that was trippy
dat crash
^
What the
I'm totlaly tripping balls right now
sooo i take you liked the guns of icarus game Wrek ?
/me Never wakes up early
*Sweetie Bell* OH COME ON!
gotta go fast.exe has stopped working
SE-GAH
lol xD
pff who wants to wake up early? that's stupid :P
Genesis got blue screen of death
Uh oh
i know... its 9 am in germany -.-
Is your Genesis goofed up or is it the cart?
Sonic why you no work!?! :[
Eli: I wake up early 'cause I can xD
and i just woke up -.-
hi teentro
Oh hello teentro
hi :D
lol
This isn't Sonic '06 or the Game Boy Advance port! It shouldn't screw up!
teentro: I know. i live just a little bit south of you :)
i think there might crush something :D
youre italien oO
quick.. take out the cartrige and blow on it!
lol
damn. is this being streamed off of an actualGenesis?
teentro: swiss. you're thnking too much south
lol no.. emulator
and all out of juice now, goodnight, or morning, whatever
xD
Is Derpy pressing her hoof on the Reset button?
XD
i already thought that... but i forgot the english word :S
JESmith71 : no shes sitting on it whit her sexy plot
nm. i stand corrected
WIIIIIIIIIIIIII oO
wat
PEGA!!!!
dat sega sounds
00,10forgot to swap sound inputs
I'm playin' the Wii too!
teentro: come to think of it, i usually don't wake up this early.. but a friend stayed over and he had to leave early :P i want my sleep back
yay!
well... i dont like that much light... and thats to much outside -.-
did i just see a new Luigi's mansion in that Nintendo Channel window?
and than the churches bells right beside my window -.-
cool... a new luigis mansion??? oO
teentro eeyup, for the 3DS
I want it!
would be great, i liked the old gamecube one ^^
I still have it
mmh... than i have to steal my moms 3ds :D
Wait, new Luigis Mansion? :O
yeah
for the 3ds
oh..
not released yet
otherwise I'd be all over it
I only have the normal DS...
1 AYE EM
same
y isnt he playing this game??? oO
I may buy a WiiU, just for pikmin 3...
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
PIKMIN 3.
ZombiU
cause he wants to play COD
11,02I want the Wii U :D
good mornin everypony:)
11,02Morning Schocke :3
SuperBrony64, DAMMIT
good morning Schocke
I WANT TO GO TO BED D:
CrimsonPhoenix why dont' you?
:D
....
oh
11,02Okay fine, we won't play Zelda for CrimsonPhoenix's sake :<
well he was about to play one of my favorite game
but guess not
SuperBrony64, I was half kidding
11,02That's right
isnt there maybe a metal gear for wii??? :D
I would LOVE to see skyward sword
11,02If you want to blame anypony for me not playing Zelda, blame CrimsonPhoenix
CrimsonPhoenix it's awesome
11,02:3
Skyward sword already has a Meme :P
SuperBrony64, I can stay awake for a whil-
BOOOOm
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightly Roundup #398
so sleepy...must...not...fall asleep
Dark: drink pop or something.
if you have any
denied! :p
I left all my muffins on the moon, otherwise I would throw one at you
i'll go for cofee instead
/me Lets out a nice big yawn
and it's at this moment that I feel bad and regret of opening my trap
Ponies47, quit that
HOW IS THIS DERPY ALWAYS ONLINE
ponibas: ?
bom, bom bom...
11,02:<
yawning...
:<
leaving his computer online??? oO
That's first time I have ponibas
once is more than enough :p
Oh Mr Game and Watch.
How old are thou.
very
idk
ohhh nice team
ponibas: True :P
Ike FTW
back when not many people wore watches
xD
it's true
o.O
Hi everypony :)
hi :D
Oh i forgot about the name lol
Better :)
cachi01|phone: Go to bed -_-
U GO TO.BED
Raksusjdd
O.O
damn
something tells me this more of Derpy_Hooves work than me opening my mouth about Zelda
Derpy you don't have much experience with ike, do you?
11,02Noooooo
U CAN NOT PASS
BATMAN WAS EEEEPPIIIIC
this is more**
But it's only 3:06 AM in the morning! :'(
Ikr
Much toearly for bed :P
Im not tired lol
It's 4:06PM, get with the times.
Plus my stupid laptops wont work
its 10 am in germany... its just a 12 hour flight ;)
WELP TIME TO GO MAKE SOME CHOCOLATE PUDDING
something in the back of my mind is telling me I'm tired
I'm not listening to it
therefore, I'm not tired
me too ^^
What if its also saying to you go to sleep and i shall give you icecream icecream flavor?
cachi01|phone: My bro's laptop is busted (My guess is because he treats it liek crap) it's gonna cost $200 to fix! O_O
*like
DAFUQ 200?
Mother of god o_o
cachi01|phone: Yeah the part where the charger goes is in. When the charger is plugged in. IT WON'T CHARGE. The charger was fine
that's not unuasual
Good morning.
good morning :D
GOOD MORNING.
Ponies OMFG thats the same shit happening to mine
hi Malavolent teentro and Jmo4267
Hi malavolent!
Hye Malavolent
im here since 20 min oO
cachi01|phone: O.O
I know
woo! good job guys!
maybe an half hour xD
YAT
11,02YAY
00,02derpy and sb vs the world
11,02:D
11,02Moo :3
moo :3
/me glomps Phase4
Oom
11,02Aww...didn't get a chance to save it :<
ohai Phase4
SuperBrony64: was that your first multi man? :3
Hey Phase4
11,02On Brawl online, yesh :3
/me 00,02hugs SuperBrony64 back
SuperBrony64: we did so awesome \:3/
00,02 http://derpy.me/Moo
some zelda now?
MOO.
you teased me hard there
. . .
oh...
yay
CrimsonPhoenix: why are you stil online? didn't ya wanted to go to bed?
yeah
like I said half-joking
well... a music game with low music??? -.-
aaaa :D
WRESTLERS!!!
SuperBrony64: ... you're just reminding me to kill my brother for losing my Rythm Paradise... i gotta go get my axe
Btw guys i was on wal mart today and i saw this really REALLY creepy 'sweetie belle '' plush THAT WASNT SWEETIE BELL
WTF oO
wut.
Just wut.
1 AM?
Go to sleep SB.
cachi01|phone: O_O
Sleep is for the sleeping people
does anybody know of a awesome drawing program
sleepyheads ^^
If u want to see the toy just google sweetie bell plush
PsychoticDoc: What do you mean by drawing program?
wtf is this ?!?! i dont even know anymore, too tired to care
Malavolent: like paint or gimp
MS Paint Advanced.
Get some.
I recommend ms paint
Otherwise known as Photoshop.
ive used photoshop but its really complicated
Eeyup
Learn to use it
i got a new Graphics card yesterday
and paint is kind of ugly
Photoshop is not so complicated
It's totally worth it.
Just watch some tutorials
I've done a few pics on Photoshop
cachi01|phone: you mean this? http://derpy.me/9SCIB :3
11,02:<
:(
Derpy_Hooves: OH GOD WTF IS THAT ABOMINATION
NO
FAILED!!!!
Good try? :s
Derpy_Hooves: What the buck is that?
THIS WAS A G4 TOY
UH WHAT?!
WITH G4 SWEETIE BELL ON THE CORNER
YES!!!
What has been seen cannot be unseen...
HEAVY INTERVIEW oopsie i uses canterlock
it reminds me of that baby in that old dino tv show... what was it called again :( can't remember
baby dino?
11,02Dinosaurs
That... looks..... UGH
oh... right
xD
not the mom
ejup... its this baby ^^
lol
i loved that Series SuperBrony64
they messed up the tv shows again...
I'm officaily weired out by Super Paper Mario
*weirded
NOT THE MOM
so, what's the current conversation here? I need a break from taht
*that
THIS IS THE ATTROCITY I SAW http://1.bp.blogspot.com/__BgIrAtMG2g/TIXtXylAU-I/AAAAAAAAAXY/saxmdM8LmuA/s320/G4+sosoftnewborn+sweetiebelle.png
Oh come on! That's not even close to the G4 Sweetie Belle >.>
IKR
cachi01|phone: That's baad.
caxhi01|phone : i have seen that one in the store it looked really cute
it has a hub sticker on it? and she is wearing a dress? quick shoot me in the face -_-
dat sweat
NO O_O
00,02cachi01|phone, D:
cachi01|phone that lookedG3.5
RainBowJack: dude that thing is downright ugly. Hi btw
on a lighter note . . . http://www.redbubble.com/people/choccywitch/works/8344260-trust-derpy-shes-science?body_color=white&p=t-shirt&print_location=front&size=medium&style=mens
Eli : i think its cute did you see the new SPIKE doll
Spike? O_O
nope. i'm not really following any merch, since i can't buy them anyways
they don't sell anything where i live...
The only good toyd
Are the collection set
whos driveing the planes while there playing?...
i cant see the ball either :D
noname I am
LOL
BIRD!!
See?
Hi
bird! bird! kill it!
hi FluffieChaos
Whats this stream?
FluffieChaos Rythm Heaven
This is pony stream.
Ponies not included.
gogogo
Lol i know ponies, wondered the game
http://l.yimg.com/g/images/spaceout.gif
jab, jab, jab
XD
:D
GO, GO, GO
Ok I better go hit the hay now
GOOD NIGHT EVERYPONY! :)
Bye!
good night :D
Night Ponies47
night Ponies47
night everypony :)
or good morning oO
Night Ponies47 :)
maybe :P
g'night Ponies47
11,02Night Ponies47 :3
g'night sket . .
missed 'im
So, I'm net to bronystate, what do we do in here?
it's strange to say good night at 10 am ;)
That giraffe is staring into your soul. :S
Giraffe: SOON
new*
Eli I've said stranger things in the chat
FluffieChaos...stuf...with ponies...and stuf without ponies......we stream stuff like this....watch movies...other kinds stuffs
welcome FluffieChaos :)
i know... :D
in short: having a good time
Thank you for the welcome, and I like having a good time :3
sometimes there is great stuff... even greater stuff... AWESOME stuff... and sometimes...
FluffieChaos you're new? Welcome to insanity! Enjoy your stay!
FluffieChaos: we watch whatever the mods throw at us.
/me Hugs FluffieChaos teentro Jmo4267 Eli Canadian_Brony and SuperBrony64 and everypony else in 1 big hug
its kindda that :D
11,02Welcome FluffieChaos :3
WUB YOU PONIES
/me hugs Ponies47 back :3
I am new :)
11,02We like to stream a bunch of stuff here :)
Night ponies!
Oh and welcome to bronystate FluffieChaos!
/me hugs FluffieChaos
47
welcome
so was i... 2 days ago xD
11,02Like right now, I'm streaming the game: Rhythm Heaven Fever on the Nintendo Wii
SuperBrony64: your getting sloppy, is it because you havent practiced? or is it because you tired? :3
Hugs Eli and Ponies47 back
11,02I haven't played this game in weeks...
BAKA
11,02I basically beat the entire thing :3
FluffieChaos I would throw a muffin at you if I didn't leave all of them on the moon. Long story involving a useless letter.
MUFFIN :3
MUFFINS!!
muffins? :P Moon? 6_9\
a choclatechip muffin would be great now :D
11,02I LIEK MUFFINS :D
/me hugs FluffieChaos
11,02FluffieChaos is mah new friend everypony :D
hugs SuperBrony64
Yay friends!
FluffieChaos a story for another day.
FluffieChaos use /me :3
Okay :)
SuperBrony64 we're all friends here.
Lies^
Oh. whats that do?
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: Displaced (Update Complete!)
11,02i liek friends :3c
/me does he /me command :3
FluffieChaos: basicly, we are all fun people (slightly crazy) and we watch someone play games or movies. sometimes they accept requests or play with us. that sums it up
^ and who doesnt SB?
Eli slightly?
Super ponies 3
Dat ad
dem coins
umm, okay . . .
Canadian_Brony: i didn't want to scare him away :P you blew it
Cool@ This is one of the nicest communities (so far) ive been in :)
Im crazy too, dont worry :$
sweer
but you shouldn't request ponies, when the mod isn't accepting requests. trust me on that ^^
sweet*
FluffieChaos you'll fit right in! I'm insane, after all.
pinkie promise :D
11,02Somepony is requesting ponies? O____O
PIKMIN <3
yeah don't request ponies. they're giving us G3 for punishment
Pikmin!!
noooo
xD
Pikmin.
Is
the
bomb.
Atleast its not 3.5
11,02IKR
SuperBrony64 no, we were just informing not no. *nudges the chat with his elbow*
booom
Pikmin? Dammit im on mobile irc :(
Pikmin!!
WOOOO!!!
i just told FluffieChaos that it would be a mistake to do so
I never did beat the final boss in Pikmin 2 :(
I must get this! This and ZombiU!
I beat both games, loved every minute of it.
. . . mostly ZombiU
i never played pikimin... that bad?
I dont own pikmin, I had to play it at my friends house :'(
IzombiU just looks epic
Still own the two games.
Eli neither have I, so no
I mean just look at the gameplayd
ubisoft ac3???
oh... no :D
is this the zombie game?..
ZombiU
dead :3
cachi01|phone IKR? If it came with the red "ZombiU Survival Kit" case that holds a WiiU Gamepad, I will pounce.
killed :D
Just a question for the chat, how often, or have they ever streamed minecraft?
BOOOM
ZOMBIES!!!
FluffieChaos every once in a while, they do
wrek streamed minecraft a few days ago
I think MC has just been streamed once
cachi01|phone more than once
Okay :)
yesterday :D
well that blows
I've been almost 4 months
In here
what game is it???
part of a rather large tree came down on the house
teentro ZombiU
And i never see mc
wont know the damage till in the morning
Just yesterday
oh... i thought its a person in this chat xD
IZombieU looks awseome :O
being that its 0440 here
holy sh*t, haven't seen this one yet
and its a wii u titel oO
FluffieChaos IKR? I will by a WiiU just to play this.
by
. . . and other games
shit!
Pikmin 3 and ZombiU ftw
freaky
Did it just say "pikmin 2 mutiplayer"? :P
i m waiting for thqs company of heroes 2 :D
I might buy one, but I just moved into a new apartment and i'm pretty much broke...
it ll be so awesome :D
WiiFitU sounds weird lol
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story: Treasure in the West (Update Complete!!)
Its like "We fit you!"
FluffieChaos I'm downright poor. I need a job, but I'm a lazy 15-year-old.
FluffieChaos LoLz
Lol,
Im a lazy 14 year old..
Im younger than you :D
And most likely lazier.
i m 17 xD
Scribblenauts!
Unlimited!
i cant believe people actually like those dance games...
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story Updates August 5th (Morning)
you guys... how can you already have so many problems? you make me feel old...
I M BATMAN :D
Batman!!
Just Dance 4! Ultimate Troll Game!
No one likes those dance games
I have a friend who does..
Atleast not gamers
^
cachi01|phone I liked DDR a bit, but I prefer Rock Band
WANT!!!!
MASS EFFECT THREE :O
NEED!!!!!
Rock band and DDR FTW
DDR oO
but just dance and that kind of shit
NO
hm... a few years to late ;)
Did any of you hear about the new indie game?
Assassin's Creed III will be for WiiU? Awesome!
FluffieChaos: um...no?
teentro: hah. i think we just got the same thought
fluffie the retro game?
FluffieChaos Fighting is Magic?
Its called "Salem"
there are more than 1 indie games
11,02Assassin's Creed III is going to be on the Wii U
SuperBrony64 /)^3^(\
11,02Moo /)^3^(\
11,02BEST GAME RIGHT HERE
Game & Wario
But mah beta code will be for ps3 :(
I C what they did thar
11,02(Rayman Legends) >>
ah
makes more sense
i need to get i-net on my ps3 -.-
: o
Are they acepting requests right now?
11,02Requests for what? o.o
FluffieChaos not ATM
11,02What do you desire most? :3
brb
You.
I mean, what?
11,02O////O
Okay :) I meant for the stream
Idk to be batman?
You saw nothing.
11,02I'm shocked...
Shock horror.
11,02A brony site where bronies don't request ponies...
11,02HORRIFIED
FluffieChaos choose your words wisely. SuperBrony64 can be . . . dangerous at times
Im batman
MLP :D
Batman
my little pony wii??? oO
SuperBrony64 in Canada, MLP FiM doesn't show up on the Netflix list
Epi 19
Putting your hoof down
ohai SuperBrony64
/me huggles SuperBrony64
NO
Read it and weep XD
hell, we get less than 1/3 of what you get
SB64 PLZ episode 19
daring do episode! \o/
/me huggles Jmo4267 back :3
:3
:O
O________________O
this episode is cool :D
oh okay thats a nice episode too
11,02I'm the exception to the rule, i liek streaming poniez :3c
NECtwist INC
11,02CAUSE
11,02PONIEZ
11,02r kool :3
SB64 i liek ponies too
Pinkie you silly silly
11,02i liek poniez :3c
I FREKIN LOVE PONIES.
silly filly*
i know it with knoking the ball against a wall... but everytime i did it my naighbours come down and asked me to stop -.-
Eeeew Ponies
AND MUFFINS.
11,02i liek silleh :3c
MUFFINS!!
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Dont we all liek ponehs?
Ni
11,02Dat Twilight plot
I need to take 7 shots for the opening alone!
I liek magical technicolor equines
is her face stay that way BEST remark ever
derp.
brb, need to find things to drink
and drink it
11,02SpiderPony
Slenderpony
I wish it was doctor whooves..
pinkie is silly filly
Accualy is dolan
That would be aweshum
11,02HAI ROOMMATE :D
rarity always being the fasion queen
11,02Dat squee
Books!
okay, I'm back
how many drinks?
BOOKS
11,02Hai Canadian_Brony :3
i know that... but i just hate reading :3
Magic! DRINK!!
11,02Silk pajamas...mmmm....
Im an egghead :)
I... HATE... IT!!!!!!!!
dat squee
11,02yeah...you put dat on Rarity....
11,02:P
Cool! DRINK!!
lolol "My little ponies"
Magic! DRINK!!
FAVORIT SCENE :D
11,02i liek cookies :3c
DEAD...LIfe
/me throws cookies at SuperBrony64
dead life
dead lief
/me noms on the cookies
RD is borde
tick
i know that to well ^^
I know how RD feels
but that is nasty -.-
except it wasn't a hospital bed
i hate reading :O
teentro :O
Am I the only egghead?
FluffieChaos no. I am an egghead and proud!
Yay!
11,02Dat fanfiction
http://www.redbubble.com/people/northerndash/works/8083175-science?body_color=black&p=t-shirt&print_location=front&size=medium&style=mens
I have too much to read.
No, adventuretime gender-bend episode is dat fanfiction
SuperBrony64 I have seen way to many Daring Do fics
11,02ofc :3
Canadian_Brony: any good ones?
11,02READING IS UNCOOL
i think ill go fullscreen :P
to much too read now xD
I'm a egghead..
dem pings..
Dem windows sounds.
ping
me not :P
P4ngya not sure, never bothered to read one. I'm writing 3 stories myself and have WAAAAAY too many other stories I need to catch up in. Specifically Anthropology
booom
INDI FTW...
hm... i mean... daring :S
Night Shizu
I jsut noticed Daring's mane and tail look like RD's, except black and grey
Yeah!
Magic! DRINK!!
Took your time Canadian_Brony.
;P
-.o
Magic! DRINK!!
BALL :D
that cute snoring
BALD!!!
^
damnit dash stop making cute faces!
Jmo4267 apart from the first time, I've never been more awake while watching this
also http://i.imgur.com/cjX7L.jpg
lul
/me blinks
lol
BALLS
Rats are predators
C:
Not the apex
Sat face :3
Dat*
love that
I would love a spin-off series with Daring Doo
Yeah.
ohmnomnomnom
CrimsonPhoenix go to fimfiction.net and find a good Daring Do story
read it and weep?
hope there is a backround-charecter episode in season 3\
HE ATE PINKIE :O
Flyboy eeyup
Canadian_Brony, I don't want words
thought so
I want animation
Derp chat.
CrimsonPhoenix then I can't help you
omonom :D
nomnomnomnomnom
hahahah
xDDD
Hospital Food is soooo disgusting
OHMNOHMNOHMNOHMNOHM
Canadian_Brony, I know it's an unrealising wish
My father praises hospital food.
but one can stilll dream
bleh
dawaaawaaaaaAAAAAAAHHHH
Nawwww
/me looks at tiny kitteh
indy reference plox
CrimsonPhoenix last time I was a hospital bed, I got a fed the worst sandwich in my entire life
BRB have to go and do something
I know too well how Rainbow Dash feels. I pulled an all-nighter by reading Inkheart.
they are checking her out and telling her that she should stay out of this wing...
11,02>can't use wing for week
11,02>lives in a cloud
SHE IS FCKING LIVING ON A CLOUD!!!!!!!
11,02>doesn't help her
hahahah SuperBrony64
xD
pacing
XD
11,02Scumbag_Hospital.jpg
thats what i was saying /)
Why did they send her off in the wheelchair if she can walk?
Are we watchiing an episode?
XylemTube: yes
noname hospital is stupid
I love this ep
^
Lazyitus
Lazy-itis
A FAT PONY!!
takcare
Lazyitis?
I have a severe case of it
TAKE CAAARE
CrimsonPhoenix: Inflamation of the lazy?
metal gear solid :D
Metal Gear Dash
METAL GEEEAARRR
:D
teentro noname cratorkid no, that's Twilgiht in the time episode I can't remember
"It's About Time"
Canadian_Brony: the future one?
cratorkid yeah
Canadian_Brony: Both episodes are metal gear
MY SLIPPERS! THEIF!
someone of you noticed the background voices always saying:
noname no, here she is Hoody Ninja
oooh cool
d'aww
night guys
g'night cratorkid
Night cratorkid
always the same background in crowd scenes :D
you miss the best part
Canadian_Brony: Its a custom skin :D
night Canadian_Brony Jmo4267
nvmd
11,02Dat mental pony
I love that mental pony
SuperBrony64 Screw Ball IIRC
dat Jayson Theison line
Canadian_Brony, not Screwball
XD
It's a Kerfuffle!
Go back to Ponyville asylm
lol troll twilight
Awesome! DRINK!!
Shes going to go to jail and get raped
Kerfuffle!!!
Fracus!
IT'S A KERFUFFLE!!!!
dem spike muscles
KerFluffie? :S
Denied.
SUPER SMASH BROS KERFUFFLE
-_(\
ill play coh... see ya all soon :D
Magic! DRINK!!
seeya teentro
I'm suppose to be reading a story right now. qq
damn useful hat
http://scranton.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw6260-80072lyraartistsolarslashheartstringsmonoclereactionfacetea0L110.png
I'll get you next time, Gadget!
Why did it have to be snakes?
LEG WIGGLE
and with that I'll head to bed
my original plan was to start "Mockingjay" tonight. Instead, I came to Bronystate.
Song! DRINK!!
UNLESS SuperBrony64 DECIDE TO PUT ZELDA OUT OF NOWHERE
:D
Friends! LAST DRINK!!
but yeah I can hear my bed calling me
Ugh, speaking of reading, I never finished that fan fic of Daring Do :S
oh Crimson PHOENIX
Play About Time
Oh SuperBrony64
XylemTube "It's About Time"
I hear music
Canterlot wedding plz?
Dis song...
You're silly
Wut
Zelda . . ?
is this SoaD?
11,02i liek silleh :3c
/me hugs SuperBrony64
SILLEH
We're all silly fillies.
SuperBrony64: Oh you :3
for somereason i never liked this song
XylemTube it's meh
anyway yeah night everypony
I'll brb
g'night CrimsonPhoenix
Oh God...
see you all at noon EST
11,02Later CrimsonPhoenix ^-^
shed . . .
Night CrimsonPhoenix
OHmaigod
I love this song@
I'm disturbed
11,02i liek dat song too :3c
Heyheyhey, stay out of my shed!
my stream died
When shed came out that was all I said for like a week
mine too o.o
SuperBrony64 stream over, or is this an intermission?
Canadian_Brony: intermission because he didn't playing his ending vid- nevermind..
spaaaaaace
11,02Thanks for tuning in all :3
Thanks for streaming SuperBrony64
Thank you SuperBrony64 for the always awesome stream
Thanks for streaming
/me throws cookies at SuperBrony64
love this vid
Lol XD
/me noms on cookies :3
Thanks SuperBrony64
11,02i liek dis video :3c
thanks for streaming too
Thanks for streaming SuperBrony64 :)
thanks for streaming SuperBrony64 :)
11,02http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bdZ1va0AQYc <- Best ever :3
/me rolls on her cloud laughing
lalalalalalalalala lalalalalala laaaa
11,02La La La LA La~
Lalalalala!~
Dat last pic...
^_^
STREAM!!!
11,02Moo :3
I hear it
it's Wrek!
hi Wrek!
Yay Guns of Icarus
. . . or not . . ?
I'm not sure.
Who's streaming?
Wrek with Guns of Icarus
k
Canadian_Brony: Pretty sure its wrek with that twily wallpaper.
I have a feeling my speaker are gonna get blasted
noname that's what I thought too
We can hear you
but I hear no music
Music is quiet
now I hear music
No echo
i
I
Hi all!
oh Wrek is talking as well
oops..
my stream must be pretty closely synced tonight
05Phase4|2!
05join us!
Dat appropriate music
Phase4 join them because I can't!
I might go to bed :) Ive had lots of fun with you all
00,02will do
Night FluffieChaos
Night! ;)
This music
catchy
umm does anypony know how to make a permenant !topic
[Scootaloo] a what?
Wrek, Sumica and Phase4.
Who will be the 4th I wonder.
00,02hold on, avast thinks steam is a virus
lolwat.
for example the words on top of this chat
Phase4 O_________O
00,02Canadian_Brony, ikr
[Scootaloo]: the channel has to be registered
mine is
00,02they have a 'report false positive' button which is nice
00,02[Scootaloo], /topic i think
yeah but it never stays like that
go TF2 on that mechanism!
00,02it resets when the last user leaves
Wack it with a wrench!
ok
00,02^ unless that works
00,02i'm still irc noob
I'm off to bed, night everyone :)
Night noname
g'night noname
I wonder if it woudl be possible to make this "Airship". Kinda steampunk, but I'm not sure
Balloons?
This is Steampunkl.
found it out thanks somepony_else
*Steampunk
. . . hello?
nope.
CHAT
Y U SO QUIET?
Cause you shot the chat.
you're scaring me . . .
Chat ded.
http://www.nyan.cat/ Because We Care
YEAH LOUD NOISES AREN'T GOING TO BE PRODUCTIVE TO CONVERSATION!
SO MUCH ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE.
you started it
true
WE ARE STARTING TO LOSE vOIC..e.
WHY ART THOUEST TALKING THE IN THE ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE?
TIS TRADITION.
TRADITION THAT WILL FOLLOW FOR OUR KIN.
WHY WOULD WE NOT ADDRESS THOU WITH THE ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE?
ELEMTARY MY DEAR Canadian_Brony.
YOU SPELLED ELEMENTARY WRONG.
FUCK
LOLZ.
if you allcap while Wrek is here, you're gonna have a bad time
Bitch please
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: BUT ONE IS ENJOYING TALKING THE ROYAL CANTERLOT VOICE? ARE NOT THOU HAVING JOY IN TALKING IN SUCH A FASHION?
nope
Ohai
Dunno
cuz that was a good movie
That films shit
I like it
MFW http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m785dofDrh1qj1sr9.jpg
WE ENJOY IT ALOT BECAUSE THY TURNS IT TO A NICE HOBBY
O_o what did i just say
Pfft
you can't tell me what not to like!
District 13 is a better film
It has David Belle
Automatically 999x better
God how many districts are there?
when I hear that, I immediately picture "Hunger Games"
AdamTheDuck originally, there were 13. After a war, 12 were left crippled. The 13th was obliterated.
00,02anyone else have this game?
00,02need crew
Sadly no. :(
i don't have it, but i'm thinking about buying it. looks neat
And thus came The Hunger Games themselves.
/me has no idea what The Hunger Games are.
AdamTheDuck: :O
well its a game and.... jeez im hungry
/me getting something to eat
i watched it read it and everything
TIS THE BEST AND DESERVES THY CANTERLOT VOICE
/me gives [Scootaloo] an big hug
Sumica playing with Wrek=
/me hugs RainBowJack back
i like hugs <3
/me smiles and keeps [Scootaloo] close "your the best CMC "
YAY
Canadian_Brony: Why do I have a feeling that the story involves some type of rebellion group to overthrow the power hungry hierarchy of some sort?
AdamTheDuck because that's what it is.
whats this game called?
AdamTheDuck 13 districts. 12 crippled, the 13th obliterated.
Oh how I do love some small group rebelling against the power...
Something about those type of stories that warms my heart... Only to see everyone die somehow somewhere in the story...
what is this game called?
RainBowJack: Guns of Icarus
chat derp
did I miss much?
Jaymoo pls
dari pls.
pls . . . what?
Canadian_Brony: Of the stream or the chat?
AdamTheDuck chat
you guys lack so much information in what you type
Canadian_Brony: Oh nothing really, just me saying how those type of stories warm my heart until that moment in teh story where everyone is killed for partaking in a rebellious group.
FOR THE LUNA REPUBLIC!
/me yawns loudly
Y u pretend u mod Jaymoo
tek off the mask
no une belivs u
Shockwave flash has crashed :(
Noooooooo
*why *you *you *take *one *believes *you
/me now has no idea what has happened to Canadian_Brony.
cause i can dari
pls
i r mod
4eva
I dun beliv u
Wait, Jmo4267 is a mod???
INPOSSIBRU
beliv it u fewl
*don't *believe *you
*impossible
*believe *you *fool
WAAAAttt????
AdamTheDuck I'm correcting this terrible spelling
hi Mutterguy
rofl
AdamTheDuck u no duck
hello everypony
must b new 2 the interwebs
Canadian_Brony: I see.
*you
I've beeen here for an hour!!!1
y u all liein to dabi?
*be *to
cause we can
dari pls
*lying
*why *you
dunt aboos mod powa jaymoo
*don't *abuse *power
i will4eva dari
Jmo4267: stop trolling... you're driving me crazy
*I *will *forever
eli pls
*Moderator -if you are being pedantic
*please
c eli agrie wid mi
I can't even read that
oh god its unreadable! its horrible!
Well i should go to sleep, Goodnight everyone, Thanks for the stream Wrek haven fun
wait, I got it
Canaybian_broni pls
dari pls.
g'night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Good night TheGreatAndPowerfulT
*See, ali agrees with me
u agrie wit no1
this is one step above 1337 speak
sooooo i'm gonna log of Bronystate for a while... have fun trollin. I'll be back when the mods realised that it's no fun...
*see *agreed *with *me *Canadian_Brony *please
seeya Eli
Bye Eli
y u bein so dificut elie
thx Canadian_Brony
bye eli
Poor dabi jus trin to halp
i knw rite dari
*why *you *being *difficult *Eli
Eli don't go, the Drones need you. they look up to you
see
*just *trying *help
ponychet es now gun don
o noes
all cause of u canada broni
*ponychat *is *gond *done *because *you *Canadian_Brony
**gone
I'm not even sure anymore
i must have missed something, i have no idea why wu r all tawking wyk dis
d3rby pls
^
is cus jaymoo warin mawd mask
also, I get falsely blamed for enough stuff IRL. I don't want to add you guys.
quit h8in on mi mask
*why *you *are* talking *like *this *please *because *want *mod *hateing *my
mawd mask? is that a bronystate platinum thing, i have my credit card standing by if this is the case
u spellt hating rong
dabi pls
**hating
*you *spelled *wrong *please
spelt is a product of wheat
hang on, if Jmo4267 is wearin a mawd mask, how come he aint got now mawd colours?
cause i 2 kewl 4 colors
U cn use mawd colrs jaymoo
Beliv mi
i knw dabi
Jmo4267 is an undercover mod
*doesn't have mod colours *you *can *mod *colours *believe *me *know
undrcover4sur
*undercover for sure
cont to 10 jaymoo trast mi
:D
*count *trust *me
one
two
potato
dabi pls
*please
wait
das not 10 sillie jaymoo
. . . why am I doing this?
ish so dabi
your the designated translator, now translate!
Wut
potato is ten dabi
supperborny pls
why am I here? I'm surrounded by people who purposefully use improper spelling and grammar
brony pls
which one?
y u kick mi supperborny
da canda one
his waring mawd mask
/me grabs chair and popcorn
is imposer
da mawd massk :O
that'ssssss a nicesssss masssssk you have there.
supperborny y dnt u press dis button
Hello
hey GreeHetBronyInDuitsl
11,02;~;
hi GreeHetBronyInDuitsl. Welcome to the true definition of insanity. Get comfortable.
Dat skype
press di buton supperborny
I know
or run for the hills GreeHetBronyInDuitsl
its really silly atm
11,02You're not the real Dari ;A;
dat is dabi
sprbrny pls.
I would get comfortable
supperborny pls
jaymoo pls
dari pls
11,02MOOOO
jaymoo
moo pls
supperborny wunt pres di buton
oh noes
u pres di buton?
pres di buton sprbrny
SuperBrony64 I was about to ask if you were going to use proper spelling and grammar, but then you said "MOOOO"
. . .
/me gets the ban hammer ready
mooo is gramatically correct though....just silly
11,02If ponies don't start talking normal...
>_>
supperborny pls
^
supperborny pls
11,02:<
i em mawd
That grammar Nazi monarchy.
Sumica is bet PONY!!!
jaymoo es mod impawster
noo dabi is
lok hes mawd mask
Wrong! Spike is best pony!
http://mlpf.im/1eh
Wrek is best Engenier!!!
no mawd mask here dabi pls
sumon beter pres di buton
Spike isn't even a pony! and fan fics don't count!
or is gun expload
is this guns of icarus or guns of icarus online?
Rainbow Dash is my favourite pony, but everypony has their favourites and I respect that.
i cant tell if this is a dedicated trolling or if its someone pretending to be dari
anyway Crackles is best dragon
Oh no
Mutterguy: It was a joke... :|
is exploaded
somepony_else this is Guns of Icarus.
dabi pls.
no une pres di buton
11,02;~;
i tol u
thx
;-;
11,02Chat is scaring me ;A;
sprbrny pls
11,02I'm leaving ;~
11,02;~;
seeya SuperBrony64
lalala Not listening
si, ponchat is fex no
dnt leve sprbrny
too late
Well, thank you my good friends for joining me in this most marvelous of experiences, I must say you've been a brilliant crowd, and I shall enjoy ever so much speaking to you again. Your most splendiferous of friends - Dari
Tldr.
;D
10/10
Too fun.
your welcome?
*you're
whatev
What are we watching anyway?
Malavolent: Guns of Icarus
Is it multiplayer?
Malavolent eeyup
yep
Looks pretty cool.
and 5 on steam
Sumica Do a barrel roll!
No this is the online one, it's still in closed beta.
Can't buy it yet.
makes sense too
Don't ask how to do a barrel roll in an airship...
How do you do a barrel roll in an airship?
do a Barrel rol
with great difficulty
I see . . .
ok you can buy guns of Icarus online in 1 month, 1 week, 6 days and 7 hours
and 4 minutes
I think the crew should sing old sailor chanty
it's an airship, it should be able to float in water
that is water down there, right?
Nope, lava.
The floor is lava.
blue lava?
Sure.
make thicker hulls then float on the lava
or acid
Just use duct tape.
Problem solved.
AdamTheDuck I approve.
just use nokia
Duct tape is like the Force.
duct tape 3210s to the hull
It has its light and dark side and keeps universe together.
Malavolent: Dat metaphor.
hmmph
Duck tape repairs almost anything
If not, you're not using it enough.
okay, I'm hitting the hay. G'night everypony.
except surprisingly ducks for a given value of fix
00,10that was anoying
Night Canadian_Brony
the ultimate how to fix anything flowchart: is it moving > Yes > should it move > No > Duct Tape
Sleep well, Canadian_Brony.
hey Sumica would you add me to steam?
take it easy Canadian_Brony
Sumica: That's because you need to use more duct tape
I will now read until I can read nomore because I look like this http://mlpf.im/1eh
who needs wrenches when you have duct tape
you look like a pony Canadian_Brony? thats awesome
how about some kind of duckt wrench
00,10I will friend you if you fine me RainBowJack
I read that as Wenches
Ahahahahaha
Thank you Wrek for the always awesome stream *yawn* n' stuff.
d3rb I will facebook.
dari pls
gtg
jaymoo pls
cya [Scootaloo]
Byeeee
mi spidrs wil get u
phase is fixing the ship, even in games hes a tech? lol
HA found you Sumica :P
any idea how long it takes until a japanese movie arrives in europe?
about 3 a 4 week
this would make fall even more awesome but I don't think they can be that fast
and I really don't want to watch it in japanese
evangelion 3 Q to be exact
I had a feeling that was the case the moment you said 'fall' :P
Man chat so ded
yep
Hey dudes :)
g'day MegaMoonShine
Hello MegaMoonShine
Hey MegaMoonShine
/me waves to d3rb AdamTheDuck and Jmo4267
Hallo MegaMoonShine
Hai Jake :)
So, how was movie night?
i fell asleep
MegaMoonShine: That b movie... Just so much wut...
i assume it was good
11,02Is it safe now? o~o
its normal ish now
Is what safe?
don't you love it when you turn around and suddenly find that it's 4AM. becuase that just happened to me
yes SuperBrony64
Safe from the Grammar Nazi xD
Hey everypony
/me hugs SuperBrony64
well I jjust found out it's 12 am
Hello Serenity
Hey Serenity :)
hey Serenity
Hallo Serenity
/me hugs Jmo4267 back ;A;
I miss Wrek's appropriate music...
00,10I like that ship
my OC has an airship too
*Yay*
Wooooo!!
I really do like that wallpaper
05what to do...
00,02ship was good
i might have jumped a litle bit
that was LOUD
Hooray, more city building
00,10lol I cant update pictures of the game cause it's a beta
Kick me plz
Uh, why?
Beer
hey where is every pony :'(
taking a nap
this is everypony
hey i missed the end of the movie wat hapaned
therainbowvortex: Which one?
the one with the robot
00,10so is this like simromen?
therainbowvortex: I left at that movie sorry
oh
arwell
But Chitti destroys the robot
then some random song came
and I was like : wut?
lol
11,02I'm sleepies -.-
SuperBrony64: what time is it over there?
11,024 AM
/me curls up and sleeps on SuperBrony64
11,02O.O
yeah, you should probably go to bed
it 11 pm suday night over here
/me snuggles with Sumica and falls asleep :3
1pm here
i mean sunday
11,02Night all ^-^
Night SuperBrony64|Zzz
Night SuperBrony64|Zzz :)
take it easy SuperBrony64|Zzz
Night SuperBrony64|Zzz
it's time to lay your sleepy head...
Hush now quiet now...
so wats the game
caeser 3
Caesar 3
and wat do u do
kick ass and build shit
i assume so at least
d3rb: And chew bubble gum?
if time permits
hey dose any pony know a good rts i should get
supreme comander forged alliance, bit old but its awesome
d3rb ill look into that tormorow thanks
do you guys think its wierd that my mp3 has only pony music on it
Yes
a little
There's loads of better non-pony stuff.
:P
^
i personaly cant mix pony and music
but each to their own
thats whz zou have talented people do it for zou ` `
WE WANT MY LITTLE PONY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: You will find none of that here :|
Alt + Shift and my keyboard isnt weird anymore dumb y z inversion
i need to get round to puting outher music but what i have is better then that justin bibier my sisters play in their room at night
i need ponys for prtection
I know that feel therainbowvortex, my sis is a huge 1D fan
i'd rather listen to myself drwon thna justin beiber
drown*
same here
their twins so double thaT
Man, that's gotta be bad
The horror has been doubled?
just get some good headphones and you'll never need to hear it even again
double double toil and trouble , 1D burn and Bieber bubble
Dammit, Chrome!
Just a sec
whats worse is when they compet and play both 1D and justin biber at the same time
1d?
one direction
oh i got it
lol
hm
Stream won't load for me >.> <.<
the 1 dimensionals
megamoonshine same here it keeps laging
time to play music the most backwards way possible on a computer
turntables into pc then pc to speakers
technology!
maaaaan i love those Bizarroworld fanfics where the villains become the well rounded likable characters , but why wont they update moar
hey im gona go i have school in 6 hours give or take
what day is it where you are therainbowvortex ?
is this game on steam?
i crave more , anypony know any good fics like that ?
Evening.
therainbowvortex: Nighty night.
Hello XAX :)
sup XAX
Hello XAX
d3rb sun day
How is erryone?
school on sunday?
now it will be monday soon
Heya everypony!
Hey XAx
XAX
Hello TheMonstaMuffin
Jmo4267 :3
Hi AdamTheDuck!
Heya TheMonstaMuffin :)
Hi MegaMoonShine! :)
hello TheMonstaMuffin
Hi d3rb!
And then chat died
hello bronystate
hey SirGanjalf
Hello SirGanjalf
who is playing ceasar 3?
RainBowJack: i don't think it's on steam
RainBowJack: Wrek is
RainBowJack: it's kinda old. i still have a copy lying around :)
i wish i couls play this game agian
i even got pharao around somewhere... almost the same
how can i play this game?
RainBowJack: Check on gog.com
I think they sell it there
Hello Bronystate! How's everyone?
Thinga
Hello MadSurge :)
Hello MadSurge
Kick I'm drunk and wish not to be here now
i think i have it still here on cdrom
JRP2234[iPhone], then why did you join lol
iPhone does it automatically
RainBowJack, I added you as a friend :)
type /quit then
to what?
JRP2234[iPhone]: Then destroy the iPhone and discard it in a river, noone will know
or what Serenity said, either way
MadSurge : i have accepted it ^^
RainBowJack: awesome! :$
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1005/
alot of joins but still dead quiet
Now I can finally rest.
Jmo4267: Ever seen a video of the map surf_the_distance
?
uh
no
Don't think so
Go look one up. It's an awesome map.
Kewl map
Cool map dude
Holy crap
chat is really ded
Just been afk for 15 minutes and I can still see 15 minute old mesages
YEP
Time to start up a conversation! I just bought myself a plush giant herpes microbe!
Wut
Okay then
You're great at starting conversations.
It's a gaint herpe microbe... BUT IN ADORABLE PLUSHYNESS!
giant*
Interesting...
lolwut
I love starting conversations. :D
I can tell.
But then it dies down anyway... :S
i googled it, theyre a real thing
You thought he was making it up.
www.giantmicrobes.com
inb4 lyra plushie
WHERE IS THE TRUST.
Oh lord why Serenity.
That site is on the little card it came with
no i just found it so weird i needed to see it to believe it
Hehe, that is actually pretty cool
Good morning, everypony!! :)
Good morning, RaveBrony :)
Morning RaveBrony
No! *shuns RaveBrony *
Mornin' RaveBrony
hello RaveBrony
Alright, fine come in, rub feet blah blah blah
/me waves to MegaMoonShine, Jmo4267, AdamTheDuck, d3rb and Serenity :$
Why do you shun me?? :D
idunnolol
So yeah... I can give this plushie to someone can say to them "I gave you herpes." :D
its genius
:P
O_o
Looks like Wrek wants to troll Sumic a
Lol and RaveBrony has no idea what I was talking about
/me thinks he missed a bulk of the conversation
Well, I'm hungry
:o
http://e621.net/data/sample/ac/0f/ac0feb55c4570b75ae75619173d35405.jpg?1327306925
O.o
Hothothothothothot
*Poker faes*
no no no no no.
Oh god :D
<3 Eris
Say, that green thing...IS a leg right?
yep
Yeah
Discord r63
That's a much more reassuring
4srsbrah
Just pretty badly drawn
Lol
its not that bad
Yeah :P
<3 eris so much
Anyways, I'm gonna go walk the dog, bbl
lol bai
Have fun, MegaMoonShine :P
Yeah, later dudes :$
ugh...mornin' everypony...-_-
Good Morning, brony_swan! :)
hello brony_swan
Morning brony_swan!
hi everyone
oh, more Caesar :)
hi Lil_B :)
o_O
Bai MegaMoonShine
Hiya Lil_B :P
mornin' Lil_B
It's still raining outside, maybe the walk can wait
Herro Lil_B
hi MegaMoonShine RaveBrony brony_swan and Jmo4267 ;)
g'day Lil_B
and hi d3rb
:D
hi Lil_B
Hello Lil_B! :)
and hi eli and MadSurge :D
Did Wrek speed up the game?
ok, except from shifting it from roman to chinese and and updating the grafic, the generall design is still the same in Rise of the middle kindom as it is in this game Oo
wrek seems to have a plan for this space of land
Yep
hmm.....nah
A huge plan
08,01hello everypony
mornin
08,01i'm just setting up now, but we should have the tennis on in a few minutes
08,01it's Murray vs. Federrer
Cool
08,01olympics men's singles final
08,01wait
08,01i'm out by an hour
08,01nevermind!
dissregard...?
wat.
What time is it in EST?
08,01no idea
08,01the tennis starts at 1pm UTC
08,01which is in an hour
:o
/me 08,01messed up his timezones
08,01buuuut
Its 8;07am EST :P
08,01there *is* the Doctor Who movie on TV right now
08,01of anyone would like to watch that
08,01though wrek is currently streaming
08,01so it's up to him
JELLY BABIES.
never seen Dr. Who... (except for the wheeping angels episode on Bronystate)
I've only ever seen like 3 episodes :P
The only one I've seen was the WWII episode with the creepy gas mask children...
Ive only seen 2-3 episodes of Doctor Who, and i loved every last one of them :D
im gunna go play summthin' back in a hour or so...
>_>
hi guys
hi gamerbrony :)
hi gamerbrony
Hello gamerbrony
its so late here XD
what time is it gamerbrony ?
Gonna get some food, brb
its 5 am ......
gamerbrony well... is it late? or is it early :P
depends if gamerbrony just woke up or is yet to sleep
well i havent got any sleep XD
late
get some caffeine and keep going
im not sleepy prob bc i sleep this mornig .......alot
gamerbrony: http://scranton.mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/mlfw5169-twi-nosleep.png
a friedn of mine always kept coke and coffeine pills next to his PC... and somehoew I'm the weirdo who spents the whole day in front of the PC >.<
O_O ok then XD
sleep is a aste of precious time
ha ya :P
08,01oooh, this is the second non-canon film!
08,01okay, so there were 2 non-canon films made based on the adventures of the first doctor
08,01with the doctor played by Peter Cushing
08,01he isn't considered a real doctor
im back
Now going into ludicrus speed.
There are 2 gamerbrony's? The gaming has been doubled!
nope same one
Oh those two movies.
What's wrong with the name without the 12?
forgot to put the numbers :P
meh idk just like to put 12 over my usernames :P
wow i see the sun rising :P
gamerbrony12: And watch it, one rarely gets to eye on a beutiful sunrise.
That block could mean many things
i wounder if i can last a day without sleep (wish me luck) XD
The ferst thing I thought was d
what game is this??
ok, my avast seems to have recognized steam.exe as malware o.O what the hell do I do now?
Yeah there has been alot of blocks in my sentences lately :P 
It happens when you ctrl + backspace
only that I JUST turned my computer on
yeah what game is this?
ninja_pony: Caesar 3
AAAAAH thx\
p.s does anyone know when fighting is magic may be coming out??
Ages yet
^
That is going to be a lot of whine.
damn
well, its gonna take even longer now that the game got leaked
i heard that season 3 comeing out this month?
gamerbrony12: same here u reckon it will be?
I'm pretty sure it's next month
i think so
I heard otherwise
Well, I hope it is
I heard you're all muffins.
^
It might be in september or october
I hope so tbh
ikr bt then again if the are premireing this month its a little short notice
we can all hope :3
I'm busy most of August and can't spend time ponypony
Serenity: lol same here
Untell the hub says eny thing, your guess is as good as eny pony elses.
so am i but i dont care XD
I don't either, I'd just prefer it next month
lol well atleast we know there is GOING to be a next season which is kickass anyway u look at it lol
There are only gonna be 13 episodes though
there probly gona be like 8 or 10 seasons :P
:'( what?
realy
Which means they'll have DOUBLE THE AWESOME!
i need more tehn that
I doubt it, I can only imagine 3-4 seasons discontinueing
is the number of episodes confirmed or just rumour, i thoguht nothing was set in stone yet
Personally I'd say maybe 5 or 6 seasons
I can say that chances are Bronydom will probably by dead by Season 4 or 5
possibly
Hi everypony!
:'( i hope MLP goes for EVER lol but still damn i need more episodes then taht
For 1 of 2 reasons: Dan Vs. Kicks arse, (underrated show D:) or they ruin it
hey
08,01Serenity: aye
Mcmarble: hi :)
:D
/me 08,01nuzzles Serenity
well everypony i have to go now
:D:D :D :D :D :D :D
cyas laters
Bye RainBowJack
Later RainBowJack :)
RainBowJack: BYE :)
bronydom will last for a long time i hope
/me sees the video, and can only think of the "ludicrus speed" joke from Space Balls.
Yep, he's fallen asleep again
Trippy
GOD how long is this?
Mcmarble: That's what she said.
Suddenly chat is ded
Im just waiting for the vid to start.
goodnight everypony, take it easy :P
Night d3rb :)
Night d3rb
Ah ther it goes. to bad i dont have eny thing to say about it.
It's working, Wrek probably fell asleep on the keyboard
is anyone excited to get halo 4?
Im not shure what to think about it seens MC already "finished the fight" so what could he be fighting ageanst this time?
05there
05anotehr map beaten
05samn you guise are ded
I'm watching Doctor Who while eating fish and chips... does that make me british?
i think mc it fighting the prometheons
Wrek: I no ded D:
05oh well
05gona leave music on
Eli: If you aren't Britsh, then the answer is NOE
05ninja when you are ready
08,01hey
08,01okay, i'll take over now
Serenity: but i want to be british :'(
08,01if you're done, i mean
You can't be British if you aren't British
I have, and it's often hilarious
might be me, but that isn't 'becomig popular'...
Eli, it makes you a Dr Who fan.
ill brb gona watch ponies :P
Kandarihu: right :) that's true
08,01good afternoon all!
08,01let me know if the sound is okay
I already said hi ',..,'
08,01how's the volume/sync?
The sound is fine
buffering
Sound seems alright from here
It's buffering on my end.
hard to tell if its in sync from this video
Hooray ads!
Oi vey
08,01british adverts
08,01enjoy
I haven't seen a British advert in years
08,01so currently, I'm streaming Doctor Who
Not had a TV in years
08,01for next 15 minutes, then i'm streaming the tennis!
Yay!
what episodes of Who are you streaming?
dafuq
dat hair
08,01Eli: the 2nd non-canon film
sounds nice
08,01it's based on the 1st Doctor's serials, but it has Peter Cushing as The Doctor
08,01so it's not actually considered canon
08,01but it's good fun
Exterminita?
yeah... i'm not really familiar with british actors. who's peter cushing?
ouuu they have a rainbow hard on these lottery tickets :3
hearts*
08,01the stream might buffer for a few minutes
hey guys
hey Chrysalis :)
hia Chrysalis :)
08,01Eli: Peter Cushing is that british imperial guy from Star Wars
Hey Chrysalis.
Britain is fucking corrupted by bloody Bingo nowadays
Well I'm off, night everyone. :)
2/5 adverts are Bingo adverts
Night AdamTheDuck :)
bye AdamTheDuck
what episode of Star Wars?
Oh dear
08,01Eli: no idea
El shitbox is not coping with this memroy leak well
Episode 4
08,01that one with Peter Cushing, i presume
If it's Tarkin, I'd presume 4
can't remember him
'real people, not actor' => actors are not real people?
08,01shana: of course not
So, this channel. It's just called 5?
shana: what are you thinking? everyone knows they're not
08,01Kandarihu: yup
Hmmm, getting an fps of around 3-6 on stream
Channel 5
I presume
Is this show, just called V?
same here.
there are black dits on my stream
dots*
it looks like a slide show to me.
Oh noes, Dahlekz
Gotta go, be back in a bit
/me smacks the video refreash icon to get it to work on his side.
what do you call a little filly that wants to EXTERMINATE you ? A Daaaaawlek
Maybe it's becuase i'm watching this from Anchorage AK.
Bloody buffering, why wont Google just take over already and set up my neck of the woods with fiber internet already?
Noir: there's no stream right now so don't try to hard :)
:/ I don't een have a stream? issomething on for you?
nope
08,01and i'm back
Haeylo
Ah, now the vid is starting agean.
asdfghjkl;'
memomoooooooooo
08,01the tennis is running slightly late
are thems the oh limp pigs ?
08,01okay, the tennis will be on this channel
08,01bored of sailing
I actually kinda like this :/
08,01i do!
08,01i love tennis
Weee, Tennis
08,01so this is the match for bronze medal
08,01it's Del Potro vs. Djokovich
Tennis at the olympics .......i dont even ..... what next ? double dodge ?
08,01Del Potro is very much like Federrer, but without so much elegance
Tennis has been olympic for years
08,01Djokovich plays a fast game
08,01but this is on grass, so it's not going to be too fast to comprehend
/me 08,01prefers lawn tennis
I still want some kind of serious e-Sport Olympics :/
08,01Lil_B: start it
i don't like tennis that much. but i watch some federer matches... i kinda enjoy watching him live in Gstaad
Once they put Motorsport in Olympics, I will start watching it :
:3
30 love and tolerate
08,01Lil_B: hahahaha
08,01hahaha
08,01like i have money
it*
08,01goddamnit, where is the Federrer game...
08,01wooooo!
08,01FEDERER!
bam he's doing it right
08,01i want that man IN MY BED
08,01FEDERER HAS SWAGGER
08,01my god
08,01so hot
red white guys! red white!
is federrer german?
NOO
08,01gymnastics...
08,01ha! gaaaaaaaaaaay!
Sounds like a Spanish name
dude Lil_B ! he's swiss
08,01MadSurge: woo! \o/
08,01oh
Eli sry, I don't follow olympics and i couldn't see a flag :P
he's wearing red and white
Eli yeah... well, that could have been Austria as well or Poland XD
It could be Indonesia , do you know how many variations of the polish flag there is?
Lil_B: i don't follow the olympics either, but federer is kinda a rolemodel around here
There's like 4 with different rotations of the Polish flag
08,01okay, it may buffer for a few minutes
i'm raping the refresh button. and strangly enough, my headphones are giving me fapping noises...
no kidding
I have thjem too XD
ok, now I have dead silence :/
Im here
08,01urgh
hi there RainRunner
08,01sorry, something's up with my laptop
08,01it keeps hanging
Hey Lil_B
Whats up?
08,01and i'm back
and i see black
08,01wooo, advantage murray!
08,01but he's serving, so nothing special
08,01so, who are we all supporting?
the winner
08,01psht
08,01you all suck :P
but... it's tennis...
Tennis is fine.
08,01we're supporting murray because he's scottish
But...
08,01but federer... oh my... he is just... amazing...
Scottland Sucks
:P
i have no idea who's playing
I just like to watch the technique of the players and learn from it.
08,01how's the stream?
08,01is it clear enough?
08,01is the sound there?
08,01oh god, that was a good shot
we're NOT supporting Murray. At least i'm not
08,01heh, i see you're in swizerland <3
ok, I'm with Federer, I like his name
08,01hmm
08,01i'm sorry murray
08,01and i'm sorry scotland
08,01but i have to go wiith federer too
08,01he's too.
08,01damn.
08,01sexy.
08,01and murray's kinda... well, crap
and hi Vordox
he has a wife and two little girls
08,01twins
08,01and a cow
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Nightly roundup #399
05thermal?
you know what
05arent sea creatures at that depth cold blooded?
shoo be doo slowed down alot
would be hella creepy
wrek they are magic
It has a meatwad voice
/me inserts more Nyanners references
dat red knob
he played with the red knob too much
They'll destroy us all!
NORMAN ANGRY
everyone is freaking out!
hey guys
ello alexxm
oh jeez
05late night entertainment
is he bucking crazy
ted doon
burn baby burn
2 co2 extibguishers? thatll freeze him
aww man he died
disco inferno
dey all dead
im doing good alexxm, you? i believe the movies is called Sphere
movie*
extreme closeup
I found a creepy ambient track seapony related - I need to find a seapony fanfic for later tonight :)
I'm glad sunrise is less than an hour away - Im scared now
Hello!
flawless plan
how do you sleep through somthing with explosions and alarms going off ._.
"humorous" :D
ambient track would be better in a scene where they're walking around outside the sealab
brbsies
why not leave
yup
05he is?
:) Sometime in October, Im going to share this ambient track
probably not
He read that book and a squid poped up
05hmm
he's aslo scared of jellyfish
this movie is wierd ._.
DUN DUUN
maybe when he's asleep
05if you turn out to be right i ban you for spoilers, if not, then you are free to go
but good ._.
:D
D:
OH SNAP
SHIT
THAT FUCKING MADE ME JUMP!
Really?
Oh its mr.tibbles
the hell is that ._.
yes!
:D that got me too
dabi pls
:) Inb4 wrek plays seaponies after the movie
just dat ass
05see it as a warning to be careful with yelling out like that Spriggals
05jsut for future reference
I haven't seen this movie I just guessed :{
that food ._.
norman is next
nah, shes gonna be next
normans more fun to play with
she looks crazy
Im late, Im late for an underwater date
:D
0.0
wtf
another copy?
aha
holograms
There just replacements just in case of 20000 different problems
that must be the best book ever
well this just got bucked up
lol i love how he doesnt care that he just found all of his secret books
too scary
whut
:D
harry is talking through the monitor
wrong spiral direction?
explosives :O
uh oh
cant trust no one in this movie
harry ever left the sphere?
lucky harry
dirty harry
XD
I wonder if berry knows
it's like i'm watching Seinfeld
rolf
she wants all the drugs
asscheek
Xax likes le peni1z
right.
guess who it is
someone I know obviously
@ya dont say
pony_7008 sounds like they like the banhammer
thats what he wants you to think...
05whoever you are, you dont just get on here and antagonize our users, so behave or get the fuck out.
chill out i know him irl
05that is no excuse
the rules dont care
Chill out
i bet an eel will pop out
like one of those fake nuts snakes
No, Wrek says no, i say no
hahaha
05now that you know the terms of your stay here, act accordingly.
why wont she help him @_@
wtf ._.
Wrek can I buy you an icecream to say sorry ?
how the fuck are seprents so deep under water supposed to know the time of the day?
some lab..
Dark_Horst: internal clock
05no, you can act according to our rules.
Accept my damn ice cream
ohod
:<
oh god
Flyboy without external stimulous internal clocks are incredibly unreliable
cant trust no one in this damn movie
hi :)
What movie is it?
is this that underwater movie where their own dreams kill them?
is the voice off a bit?
oh wow...
05was too lazy to change back
im scaredd
what is this.
eh as long as the captions are fine :D
the pressure will kill him first
WAHTA
what is sthiss???
looks like aliens vs predator
Would have been crushed like a soda can as soon as he opened the hatch
wouldnt he drown if he took the medicine
05Cypresswolf: why?
lmao was that the guy of matrix
the blue pill red pill guy
they're at the sea floor, the pressure outside would be far greater than the pressure in the room
05fRizZ: nope
05thats anotehr black guy
aww
hahaha
Movie name anyone?
i feel like watching the matrix :P
lmfao
LMAOL Madness
05Cypresswolf: i guess the room depreassurized when the water began flooding
05hence the jars exploding
eww
ohai
05so when the thatch finally opened it wasnt that big a deal
one metric ton of pressure per square meter and meter of water depth
dead body O_O;
05oh right
05i forgot the depth preassure in general
05yeah probably
id laugh if the door opend and smashed him in the face
WREK IS SPY!!!!!!!
fRizZ: it opens upwards
fml
-didn't read sign that said cauton door opens from above
:<
shes all like "my precciousss"
How did his hair dry that fast?
he is a changeling! kill it!
05then again he'd probably be in hypothermia now aswell
05so lets say
05movie logic
05that should solve these things
lmao id laugh if he did the ya dont say face and said "nooo im a ghost"
id prob die
everyone went into the sphere lets just say that
probably
most vertainly
*certainly
there they finally admit it
Time to sleep for me, Goodnight everyone
wrek for u https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/527120_470348162983801_558689499_n.jpg
05make sense much?
Wrek: what fun is there in making sense?
05everything
Dat suspense
man that time flies
9 to 6 in 5 secs
what happened
Dat timer
bob: movie logic
yep
Can't they wish themselves out?
NOPONY GETS LEFT BEHIND
they have to fear their mothers-in-law more than what's down there...then they can go back
what if the storm is a manifestation?
05no i think the storm occured before they entered
ah k
but it could of ended a LONG time ago
traitor
05true
WWWWEEEEEEEEEEEWWWT
see no storm
where is up?
hell yeah
and boats
there not supposed to be ther for another 6 hours
how did they know
05you missed the message that the storm was over Chrysalis
ah ok, thought there was a timer for that
Wrek: but the message also said that the ships just started coming back. six hours delay
Dark_Horst yeah i thought that
i know but it was fun for a moment
super hero time
I'd dream up money
they never left the sphere
the power to make my little pony come true
keep the power, norman!
cowards
bob: ponies? hah... grow up...
oh hi Flyboy :)
ohai derpy_pony
sorry for ruining your island game a few days ago ^^
shiny golden ball
didn't really notice what was going on
brass balls
gaaaaay
only if they are touching
'gasp'
05ima gona grab some quick lunch
norman got scared and looked at the girl
good film
amazed. /10
not toobad
Morning everypony.
what did i miss?
brass balls/10
how you doing Zanon
Zanon everything
Mother fuckin squids/10
it might have taken some time and scars and maybe loss of life to control this power...but...why not?
It's actually ha
Where ish Chitti?
nooooooooooooo i missed everything again
Its really Harry / 10
lol
snakes on a plane
Alchemist: now everybody strap in! it time to break some f*ckin' windows
:D
YEEEEEEAAAAH
(O)_(O)
Bees in a bus
and solo from the pet rock!
those were the shortest credits ive ever seen
just for that /10
those credits were quick
a non cgi movie i assume
and no a blank screen until Wrek comes back with his lunch
now*'
oh and guys, one of my freinds made this. please listen :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RVKbKXvI-D4&feature=plcp
use your imagination. i see ponies
Sushi is the best breakfast ever.
and im payback1237 in case you wish to know
sea ponies?
08,01this may surprise an awful lot of you
08,01but right now, i'm clean.
Clean how?
what sorcery is this
08,01Kammerjunk: as in not dirty
Aha.
08,01i'm so clean, one could lick angel delight off my body
._.
08,01please, do try.
That's pretty clean.
sounds awesome.
MadSurge: 0.0 you sicken me...
Flyboy: :P
So, what's next? The Buffer Show?
nope, desktop ponies
featuring Wrek and Twilight
does sopa really mean loser in sweden?
Oh boy! :D
ghaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
its quiet
/me slaps bicyclerepairman around a bit with a large trout
o fun
hi everypony
MakerDusk what is dusk and are you the maker?
Ohai BrOnyxia!
/me slaps SuperBrony64|Zzz around a bit with a large trout
wake up
so damn bored.. i think im gonna go play som guitr
Hey everypony
hey there
05sorry about the delay but i decided to make an omelette with mortadella instead of like a bowl of cereal :P
Omnonmon
excuse accepted
should have put that cereal in you omeltte :3
omelette is a good idea
I guess it's nommelette before ponies :3
:)
wrek play tf2
THE NUMBER 2
We demand ponies, lots and lots of gen 3.5 ponies
As long as it's 3.6, I don't care which ponies it is.
hey evrypony
i gotta question
xindi?
hi Gamefreak324
xindi
heres a fun idea..add me on skype
Film by the looks of it
hey sumica you're still on
alright
He's not, he keeps his computer on 24/7
see i was on everfree radio
oh well then
but anyway
and a song came
on
flood kick?
i cannot remember it
really they're using cgi
ok most of the guys are costumes
all i know about it is that in the name were the letters dhg
alexxm: Think about godzilla, think how crap it'ta looked if it was CGI
the hairy guy is real. probably from denmark
you guys got anything
???
05hey
this is not enough, Gamefreak324
05you try to pull off a realistic insectoid as a human
05you are too fat
Serenity i know i wasn't saying i was happy about the cgi
damn it
alexxm: I know, I was agreeeing :3
i was hoping you guys wpuld have something
05regarding what?
oh ok Serenity
*Ponyshrug*
there are 30gb of pony songs around
ask the station for the playlist it used at this point of time
but everfree radio tends to stick to the samme stuff
Star Trek!
that might narrow it down to 10 to 20 songs
That reminds me, I should totally vote for Godzilla for filmnight as a B
ok the lyrics were
some of them at least
which godzilla
in b4 the xindi blow up earth
good morning everyone :D
Possibly Vs. Mothra
05Gamefreak324: we dont have any affiliatiosn with them as far as i know
hi teentro :)
twilight sparkle pinkie applejack and fluttershy
Only worry is, there's a 70% chance the mods don't currently have godzilla vs. Mothra in their playlists
WHAT, Star Trek aliens that aren't just people with skin conditions? :O
and i know that most songs don't name evry pony in a row
major on the same table as a sergeant? don't they have any manner in starfleet?
what is it we are looking at???
teentro: The stream
:O
realy???
Yeh
o gosh :S
teentro: Star Trek Enterprise
this was realy...
unexprected :D
Gamefreak324: write a mail to everfree radio. your chances of success are far better there than here
thx ^^
that grav plating
lol
these people don't bite
most of the time
you can't be serious?
'dem steel satelite plaes
BOOOM
Gamefreak324: i may have found the song
come on hundreds of bronies are here
yes
i love you
93 actually
Gamefreak324: Join the herd - Forest Rain?
even if it's not the song
one is a spy
ty for trying
05hmm
05this omellette was good
05but too little salt too much pepper
Wrek: Shush dude, you'll make me want one
Too late. brb
i love you
05gona use less heat next tiem too
yum
:3
im hungry now
now i need the find the dhg one
dhg?
awesome thank you!!!
/me is making a pot of chili con carne with maize and chanterelles
05also if you ever get the chance to try olive mortadella
05do it
05orgasmic
noted
harvesters
they eat rocks
._. how they hell is that guy talking ._.
wat?
the way that alien talks ._.
what was that
oppan gangnam style
boom
someone will die
the doomsday ray is so loud, I can't hear you
what are we watching? stargate? startrek?
star wars
Gamefreak324 star trek
space balls
Wrek your making me hungry
Stargate Enterprise: The Jedi Strike Back
05i know >:3
you are evil!
i would love for you moderaters to play spaceballs
05we have
052 times even
You just pulled a luna during the changeling attack, you missed out
ok did applejack just take a smoke break
??
05who?
Wrek: well ya gotta remember i joined this site last night so
05yeah but who are you talkign about
you've successfully confused me
i'm not tlking about anypony
05you said AJ took a smoke break
just the moderaters who stream in general
05where did you get that from?
oh the applejack
the bottom left of the video
thats wrek
i only took a glimpse
05thats not applejack
definantly not applejack
i do not see apples on her flank
i see twilight and, what looks like, applejack without her hat
it's a picture painting pretty-boy pony
wait thats a stallion. im looking at a stallions flank
gaaaaahhhh
I'm hback with an omelette ":3
08,01Zanon: welcome to the dark side.
05guess whoooo it is Zanon >:3
Thanks to bloody Wrek for making me hungry for omelette
its Wrek!
05mhm
08,01oh nice, you're streaming star tr-- WAIT A MINUTE, THIS IS ENTERPRISE D:
05Serenity you'll thank me later
so if that's not aj who is it??
05its me
it certainly look like her to me
05yes
eeek that means I stared at Wrek's Flank.
05the better part of it
08,01fair enough
Well, conisdering I put mild cheese, herbs de province and some salt, I think mine tops yours :3
wait what??
you make ur own??
05because as i hope you realize, the 3rd and 4th seasons are actually good
Yes, they are amazingly EASY to make
05compared to the first 2
05you got me on the extra herbs somewhat
05but i did use mild cheese too
05and as i said
08,01aye, i've not watched seasons 3 and 4
ZELDA
Can't have rich egg without cheese :3
08,01i'll give it a go, though
05i overpeppered mine a little bit
05and not enough salt
05oh well
05:3
SPOILER wrek is a spy
05JRP2234 gtfo
I can't taste the salt think needed a bit more
so anypony figure out the dhg song??
05and Gamefreak324: yes that is my very own OC desktop pony
08,01wrek is a sexy spy
/me 08,01lies on Wrek's lap
no Wrek is a sentry getting saped by a spy
sapped8
*
um interesting.... how did you get it Wrek ?
05a gift
Right, now I've had that, time to have some yorkshire puddings and treacle
i has new song lalalala
from? how?
Bane?
05i am not obliged to tell
this show is so intense we get to watch ppl climb up air vents
Cherrytie from the mmoc fourms made me this but had it hard to get zanon's fur color as dark as it should be
http://www.mmo-champion.com/customavatars/avatar882113_73.gif
ok secrets now?
ooh a link *click*
that pegasus has a dot for a cutie mark
supposed to be a lunar eclipse.
Looks more like an eye
I'm back with treacled youkshire puddings :3
well im off night everypony :)
05never had that
05sounds good
05though
It is
yum more food.
It's one of the only foods where savoury mixes with the swee
And makes a nice combination
suddenly bane
08,01Serenity: jam and cheese toastie
So I replaced the jam with MOAR cheese
.pew pew pew
Wrek: ping
05ping me again wihtout wantign anythign and ill ban your ass
yea go quantum leap guy!
bob: You called?
lol calm ur tits i was joking
what >_>
i guess you guys get pinged a little too much
05then learn quickly that i dont take aesy on jokes.
remember i am a noob
08,01Gamefreak324: stop being a noob and become elite
and how do i do that?
by not being a dumbass
08,01Gamefreak324: don't you know the old saying?
he called me a badword!
^
yea no i haven't heard that
thats your soultion to everything
08,01t'pol is actually pretty damn awesome
i've been here for about a day
alexxm: IUt works, though. No?
yeah it does
lol smoke break!
Well, hopefully those 2 snacks can last me the whole day
08,01oh trip and reid, your love is epic
08,01i want them to mak eout
08,01in many fanfics i have on my kindle, they do
Holy crap, just hit 200 play coins :D
uhh play coins
??
/me taps his nose
Well I am hungry so Ill just have waffles.
of the already made n frozen kind
Zanon: Potato or pancake type?
thats what im having ._.
Never had a pancake waffle
are you playing super mario get all the coins and pay for recycled content brothers?
Nope
08,01aye
aaaapplllooozza
05and hurt the show more than it added viewers
ooooh
Haha, I'm sorry, but this acting is terrible :3
lol
08,01lol t'pol
lol
08,01t'plol
this is funny
05for a second i clsoed my eyes and imagined his voice being male AJ
05then i laughed
bestiality ensues
*Headdesks*
08,01Wrek: hehehehe
08,01zomg, a male AJ... that is... hot...
female AJ is hot enough
Male AJ would probably be weird
also I'm not gay so
I prefer AJ as she is
oh man llyod in space uncensored is hot
08,01lloyd in space?
yeah, it had all the alines
like this
what was censored?
All the carnage I causee
well i'm gonna go search for that song
gonna go nap
/me is away: napping
cya mods and anypony else who is frequently on here
just ask the guy who makes everfree radio
Underpony: What are you doing again?
time traveling weapons
Bye Gamefreak324
whatz this?
08,01derpy_pony: you mean draft?
don't know his name
08,01final draft is in charge, i believe
08,01if not in charge, he's quite a senior figure in their staff
08,01lovely guy, too
i feel as if the ending theme would have been the better opening theme
08,01there needs to be a new start trek series
whos streaming?
08,01that's darker and edgier
unfortunately, I never had any contact to them. is there a chatroom or something?
puppy
space dog
they should be space pirates in a brutal parallel universe
no caricature pirates, but real ones
Arrrg
d'awwwwww
08,01and then the dog was a book
HMMMMM
damn grav generators again
ewwww star trek.... im alergic GTG
stupid magnets
oh man is it topsy turvey day already?
this time the tech officer will be publicly flogged
well google chrome for some reason crashed on me and I lost all my extensions
08,01black is white
08,01up is down
oh god, this song is awesome
And suddenly, it is pissing it down
08,01wait a minute
08,01i just realised
08,01am i this channel's token cocksucker?
08,01scotland is overcast but dry
05almsot as if you're trying to be :P
what o.0?
Dammit, it's pissing it down in mid England
05nah but we love ya
08,01well, i guess i *do* suck cock rather well.
:O
:S
08,01so if i'm going to be known for anything, it might as well be that
:S
08,01because, y'know, i have no depth to my personality otherwise
05we sure love makign the chat feel awkard :D
Im at that point where im so tired that im dropping my iPod every time i close my eyes.
:S
._.
star trek... really...?
night all.
08,01XAX: put. the ipod. down.
Go to sleep XAX
Well, to be fair, I'm usually known as the guy with more weapons than the nasa budgets in spacecraft, but meh
08,01Flyboy: yes really, because star trek is fucking awesome
this chat scares the crap out of me ._.
meh... i rather star wars
bob: You must be new here?
no
08,01Flyboy: that's because you're a whore <3
Welcome to Bronystate random as pie
we could run into magnets
iv been here
Once you've been here as long as I have, you kinda join in.
do+
i made new song lalalalal
*
i hve free candy
08,01Flyboy: hey boy, at least i make the dollas, yar
JRP2234: Seems legit
JRP2234: I hate sweets
That wasn't chav ',..,'
sounded like it -.-
Sounded more Hipster to me
good point
'Cause Hipster is a language now...
08,01what's with all this bakchodi up in this shit, sirrah?
I see dead people
...?
Star Trek?
08,01indeed
AdamTheDuck: Welcome to Britain, we have a language for each group of people
Each majour town has got different dialect to other places
have they been that isolated?
Yay i am back with waffles!
Wrek you could not starve me! I have foods now.
05Zanon<3
:D
08,01Serenity: i'm a northern Briton
08,01like, really northern
I <3 you to Wrek!!
I know you are
Near John o' Groats?
08,01Serenity: are you coming to BUCK?
08,01Serenity: slightly south of there, nearer edinburgh
08,01aww
And another thing, not sure if you know already, but it's Very_Silly_Filly :)
08,01oh right, i did not know that
Hmm, thought most of the reggies knew that already, but okay
05feew do know when people change tehir name
05its not lake we get a major announce
lake
08,01EVERYPONY LISTEN UP
08,01Very_Silly_Filly is now Serenity
05DODO
05DOHO*
08,01wait
wait.. wat?
Wrek remembers me.
:D
For the wrong reasons
05i remember an annoying douche, please proove me wrong
08,01i should really actually go into work, but... sci fi
Is this a movie o.o?
08,01[Alpha]: it's going okay; i'm feeling a lot better than i was, and can actually walk about and do stuff now without being unable to breathe
Is this a movie??
08,01but i still feel kinda shitty
:l
05nope
05series
Ohh
You know, risk of death and all that crap
I know now :D
Its the star portal thingy
right
It's not StarGate
EpicCookieTime: I thought it was Star Trek
AdamTheDuck: It is
Of its star trek xD
Oh*
/me is too young to know the difference xD
Come on, I'm 15, I know the difference by a glance :/
brb
it is star trek
fact stated
damn trekkys...
use the force, archer!
Hmm, need to do some antialiasing
/me watches twilight
/me watches twilight reading a boox
damn, you one ugly ass otherfucker
Dark_Horst: ...right
Omg he has a mask on!
05tell a human he wouldnt be able to torture someone
05oh boy are you wrong
haha
Who is admin :3?
Guess
I've seen 3 admins hyia
I haven't seen any admins today
Arg, you are a pirate
proof that star wars is better that star trek http://www.googlefight.com/index.php?lang=en_GB&word1=star+trek&word2=star+wars
I have seen yesterday 2 admins and today 1 new admin
Flyboy: blahblah non image links blahblah
star wars is more fantasy than anything
Star Wars is overrated
Serenity: oh right :$
[Alpha]: your face is overrated
05both of you are morons for even arguing
Flyboy: he'S right, you know?
Overrated = bad?
Illogical please come up witha comebcak that wasn't thought up by a child
meh
http://www.googlefight.com/index.php?lang=en_GB&word1=star+wars&word2=my+little+pony%3A+friendship+is+magic
Wrek: make that three
Why is My little pony worse?!
EpicCookieTime: No non image links during stream
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo
Serenity: no. overrated = overrated
^
05overrated=good but people keep sayigns its better than anything else which is stupid
Dark_Horst: Ah, you kinda missed my point. Oh well
oh! who's the pony in the bottom left corner?
It's Wrek's OC
google cheated
Usa green card thing again :l
guess who's back
He's his original character, Bleck...?
:P
05people keeps sayign its my OC
05which it isnt
05its my self isnert
05insert*
05my "ponysona" if you will
05even thoguh i dislike that term
Muffinz + Cookies = INSANITYYY
space turbulences
Wrek: First I've heard of that. >:/
cookie muffins... :O
I've always known as OC, noone has told me otherwise naturally speaking
want have now :3
derpy_pony: lol ur right
Star trek: Use the powa of laight :3
derpy_pony: that makes no sense
05well an OC could be any character
05i made this character its a shop keeper there
05etc etc etc
thats no moon , itsa spacestation
Wrek: U play resident evil :O?
05a self inser t or ponysona is a OC that is me
05me
05a carbon copy of me
Noone told me it's not an OC, which is where the confusion came in
05well it is an oc
05but OC is a very broad term
I am looking forward for the Friday Movie night.
05in a sense
Serenity: sorry to get you in so much trouble...
Serenity: you reminded me of that movie
00,02http://derpy.me/EYxQc
00,02i'm Happily Derpy Hooves
When mlp episodes come :o
what?
Serenity: i can't remember the name but the way they figured out who the killer was no/one
Blissfully Beat up Pinkie Pie
Phase4: lololol... my middle name starts with r
Phase4: no  =(
Serenity: his partner buddy noone
00,02Big_Macintosh_1992, so does mine :P
Reluctantly beat up twilight sparkle :'(
Fazana James Hargraive = Reluctantly Masturbated by Octavia...? What the fuck, Phase4?
00,02[Alpha], :<
Happily molested by Pinkie Pie...
Wat.
smoke break!
ravenously receive an oiled full body massage from fluttershy mmmm
05angrily lciekd by rarity?
05licked*
00,02Big_Macintosh_1992, what do you get ignoring the middle one?
Bad apples Bad apples!
Nooooooo
ravenously octavia
Bad snakes Bad snakes!
Phase4: What the HELL did you link us?
00,02Serenity, i have no idea
grudgingly get your pants stolen by spike
gret. just great
00,02Serenity, check the url, that should explain it
pony should pony pony - all levels at once
Ahh, 4chan. Crisis averted
i on everfree radio
Well that's the first name game I've had ending in me hurting a pony :(
00,02Wrek, yeah, i didnt think it through
00,02too late now
05oh well
if you didn't see, Phase4 , i got "ravenously _ Octavia"
Ravenously receive an oiled full body massage by Vinyl Scratch....I feel I will be in pain soon
loudly murdered by soarin
wth ._.
lol bob
05if i use my otehr middle name i get angrily drunken sex with rarity...
smoke break!
05oh well
:D
05beats the options
my brother blissfully makes out with Pinkie Pie
Yep, I wish my first name Wasn't Fazana. :/
oh fun, i get angrily lubed up by purple book horse
i can never win....-_- If I use my other last name I beat up Pinkie Pie....Someone shoot me.
Boastfully Mastrubated by Applejack
Oh god ^
0_o
/me shotguns [Alpha] in the face
what the hell did i come back to
alexxm: You don't want to know
my brothers initials are JUF
05someone linked one of those name games alexxm
alexxm: Insanity...
that bastard...
Sphagetti tiem! : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QJqSRak_pEc&feature=g-all-f
/me shoots [Alpha] without role-playing
EpicCookieTime: Mind the youtube links
Big_Macintosh_1992: I wasn't role playing, I was srs bsns
It was Phase4
sgtwhp - Bananas and Ponies Feat. Trollestia
Okay i am not gonna do links xD
Serenity: just said it so an admin wouldn't go nuts at me for role-playing
Big_Macintosh_1992: According to the rules, 1 line of RP is tolerable, it's when you go batshit with it
oh
You're all muffins.
lol you are a hmmmbeeeoootch that likes bananas
lol
i'd only rp the way i just did
Spaghetti
I'm thrirsty
How thrirsty are you Serenity
Very
Didn't know you could get thrirsty
:>
Yeah, it happens to people who can't spell and get thirsty are the same time
Serenity: um.... i'd buy you a drink, but I'm 20 yet
interrogation +5
:P
Big_Macintosh_1992: Firstly, I. Do. Not. Drink. Secondly, it's 18 in my country
Well 'm dead :P
I'm
Serenity: thats ok, i don't drink either
in soviet russia it's 18
keep firing
Serenity: was just trying to be polite... or... funny
fluttershy's lament!!!!!!'
awesome!!
In Soviet Russia Beer Drinks YOU
No [Ghost-Alpha], no.
mwuhahahaha
you're going to LOVE MEEE!!!!
Gamefreak324: have you heard "so many wonders"?
...how exactly did they just cloak with tem?
Big_Macintosh_1992: Sorry, it's alright. Just had a bad experience with a drunkard, that's all
derpy_pony: no don't think so
by who? derpy_pony
Gamefreak324: wrong name...it was "flutterwonder"
easy to find
still no
i check it out after this
hell on second thought i'll just request it
there it is /watch?v=viTkj0eu-fk
/me glares at derpy_pony
what?
05you know damn well what you did
I lol'd
Suddenly chat died
accidentally closed the tab
It's your fault.
pie ._.
/me slaps AdamTheDuck
meh
Star Trek game?
http://derpy.me/Lk6Pd
or just an episode?
i requested Flutterwonder (Underp0ny Remix)
[Ghost-Alpha]: Me likey
:D
I never find these Soviet Russia jokes funny...
that the one?
I want a burger bed
i'm so confused. Is that really a Star Trek opening theme?
I do too but I could not resist ading that joke
ok i would rather watch a video game than star trek
Serenity: a burger bed? or a "i want a burger, bad!"
i'm not that big of a fan
Bed
I'm vegetarian :3
oh
:D
everyfree radio sure hides the audiostream button well
If its Star Trek it should be either the Original Series or TNG
05id love to make you a veg burger though Serenity
i wanna eat a burgerwhile being eaten by that burger
^
String_Shredder: But don't many banks rip you off one way or another?
derpy_pony: did i request the right one
Wrek: It's alright, my diet is cake and vengence
PONY SWAG!!!!
Yay I sparked a conversation
first brony song i ever heard!!
This reminds me of the veg burger BBQ. It never happened.
:S:D
six point star and BOOM MIC!
I've never had a vegburger, I bet they are horrible
Neither have I.
:>
I've had a veggie burger
05over here? they are good
Well, I guess I should sleep, got off work after a night shift. Have a good one guys
05home made? fuckign awesome
Night Big_Macintosh_1992
The megamix converted me to the herd
Wrek: I'm in Britain, so I'm not sure here
Bye Big_Macintosh_1992
I prefer the original, Gamefreak324. But this one is good too
oh yea
Mine was mostly composed of beans and corn
haters
yay
20% cooler
Can I link the welcome song?
lol
why would a vulcan wear a shirt that didn't cover her stomach? that is highly illogical
I was thinking of going to Italy for all the pizza and such
TheMaster: it depends whats her intensions ;)
Because I like most italian foods
this remix was made very well
05also TheMaster
I'll eat anything except shillean food
Chillean
05sto pbeing populist
I'm not really a food eater
I pretty much can survive on 1 meal per day
populist? What?
swag
Serenity: yeah...survive. Most people can do more than just survive :)
this one is awesome, Gamefreak324
05nah, but really you shouldnt bash otehr star trek branches jsut cause they arent tng
Same here serenity but I have really high metabulism so it doesn't work out well
can = want to
yay pony parodies
LOL
Alchemist: Considering I do lot of running about and such, eating as much as I do and doing what I do will really kill your will
I actually like the original more then TNG. I just found the opening theme song to be a little off for a star trek sort of thing.
OH THIS IS GOLDEN!
What is it Gamefreak?
Though I do like the obvious higher production values for this.
this is made very well
get on everfree radio
here p.m the link
You can tell they spent quite a budget on this show, but unfortunately, the acting isn't up to scratch with what it could be
That's my only crtitizism on this show
Serenity: Im not saying you have to change your habits, but note that its probably not healthy to eat only once per day (no matter what size that meal is)
there ya go
both Shatner and Stewart did a lot of shakespeare
Alchemist: I know that, but I've done it for years.
next is one in a million then flutterwonder
Serenity: doing it for years doesnt make it more healthy :D
well, that escalated wuickly
dammit, q-key, why do you elude me?
top left
I've done the same for a long time
awwww yeah
i know where it is, but somehow it doesnt want to get hit
must be some sort of improbability field around it
Alchemist: Don't forget you can get nutrition from drinks as well, which is something I have quite a bit more than food to be fair.
Nowhere near as much as food, but still some :)
let the rape commence
or dinner
um
or both
Fight to the death
Hmm, I wonder what's for dinner
Serenity: of course, and there are pills that have all the vitamins you need for a day, but it doesnt mean you dont need to eat
is it just me or does this song suck?
it's alright
i hate it lots
I listen to electronic music so much I consider myslef part robot
I am sick as hell currently... and D ABUCK IS DIS!?
Serenity: long story short, if you are fine with it then do it, just know there are alternatives.
Star Trek
end already!!
If Ya gave me a chanch to see the enterprise I douldve guessed. Then again I asked.
Gamefreak just mute it
i don't care how you do it!
Good morning Bronystate!
05Gamefreak324: jsut mute it you douche
yes
good afternnon Jim :)
it's over and you put the volume all the way down
it is now gone
So.. What is Bob Ross (my name for him) pony painting today? Twilight still? Alrighty then.
Hey Jim :)
:( they skipped flutterwonder
FYI Stormwolf and Glaze are good Brony artists
Eyup, Jim
So what's going on today then?
wtf!!
where does enterprise take place in the star trek timeline?
Jim: Sod all
is this well after TNG?
angry face
The_Greener: before tng
The_Greener: infact, before tos
it'll probably come up next
05this is about 2 or 3 lifetimes post the zefphram cochrane laucnh
05iirc
Gamefreak I can give you the link to the orginal version of the song
i'll wait
oh hey, wrong ping, againm
/me slaps Dark_Horst. Learn to tab better :P
Nowadyas there is almost always a stream.
i like this one
you people stop using the "the"-prefix like crack
Zat Vas Delicious.
did he just eat a mask-full of maggots?
yummy
would you people eats a pot full of maggots if he offered it
05looked more liked mashed banana
If you find this gross go to australia. We have something thta is almost identicle just instead of bugs its tiny insects. The type that gather around your computer screen at midnight.
Not many people know of it.
Flutterwonder is on Gamefreak
here it is
fruitflies?
so wait what's this you sent me??
:)
Master Chief
Beyond her garden by woodentoaster
yea but
05[Ghost-Alpha], Gamefreak324. please keep your EFR talk in PM
sorry
does it have anything to do with flutterwonder
the new one from woodentoaster is good too. "awoken"
oh alright
hm...
05i had forgotten these EPs were 40 mintues long :D
Well I'm done with the ghost part of my name
mind fudge in -3..-10...-20
hmmm
05and then
05the chat stood silent once more
hi
what race is the black guy in the red uniform?
05unkown
TheMaster: jackassian
05do you know the story so far of this branch?
05id happily fill you in a bit
STORY TIME!
This episode or the series?
Wrek: please do
05this part of the series
go ahead. I'm interested. is enterprise the most current Star Trek?
05besides the recent movie i do think so
05only got 4 season made though due to low ratings
TheMaster: the newest series, but it takes place pre-TOS
any news on the sequel the new movies getting
05the lowe ratigns are kind of understandable casue the 2 first seasons were slow and quite boring
05but the latter 2 seasons were really nice
What show was this again?
05right now however there was an attack on earth. the only starship in sue at the time is equipped with more lillitary equipment than standard.
05use
05m*
so this is pre-kirk and all that?
05the attack was jsut a test probe made by the race called xindi
05yes
yeah
05this is like only 2 or 3 lifetimes after the first warp launch
05now the prope originated from waht is known as the expanse
neat. So they don't get bogged down in the canon made in TNG. no Q, Borg etc.
05and now the enterprise of the time is sent into the expanse to find the xindi
i think the borg appear in one episode
05this is the 3rd episode of season 3. the beginnign of the xindi chapter
that's not how you se a gun
thats pretty big for a phaser. Not invented yet?
you're fucked now
So why did fans really dislike this series?
Brn!
TheMaster: they are. those guys just are someone else
05actualyl in the first season they didnt have phasers untill liek the last few episodes
TheMaster: also, there are phasers in rifle from
05heck the ship didnt get torpedoes untill liek 3 episodes ago
I always liked the phasers over the blasters in star wars. It always bothered me that light could be blockable/dodgeable
yeah, they had normal boring missiles for a long time
:3 I should be at work by now - I'm trying to track a co worker down
05hopefully you get to see soem more of the ship soon
05for isntance shield tech doesnt exist yet
they also dont use shields. they just polarize the armor palting of the hull
this can't be good
damn you wrek
thats pretty cool. Is good that they didn't rush things techwise
05whic his probably why many fans hated it
05i mean come on
05whats? a star trek without sheield and phazurs? preposterous
maybe they just wanted more holo-deck episodes
i dont get it. shouldnt it be interesting to see how all that fancy tech started out?
i know I find it interesting
05same here
05but really
08,01wheee
05you are a brony right?
08,01no?
05you know how stubborn fandoms can be
08,01s/an/em/
the fans should be more open
08,01it's funny because i used a regex to make a bdsm joke
sometimes it seems we all just want to burn whats new
only you :p
hah. Fandom gets mad when a canon map gets put out
"it ruined my headcanon!"
TheMaster: ...they got mad over that?
Bass Cannon?
Some did
...now this i seriously dont get
:P
05also the first season was very slow and generalyl dull
05acting on sexy vulcan to keep it going
08,01ah, still watching Enterprise?
05now and then they had to "decontaminate" by being practically nekkid in a blue lit room crasing themselves in
fandoms get all butthurt whenever someone doesn't fit into their little square peg hivemind
No Vulcan is sexier then that junior officer in Wrath of Khan
adorable Vulcan was adorable
i feel as if the ending theme would have been the better opening theme
Good morning, everypony! :)
Hi RaveBrony !
I wish the TNG movies were half as good as the Original series movies
how you doing RaveBrony
/me waves to Jim and alexxm :$
Im doing good, and yourself?
i'm good
wat movie is this?
mornin meh brony brotha
pony1553: series
where are the Klingons by the way? Arn't they suppose to be the bogeymen of the federation at this time?
k
05there were actually alot of kingons early on
05but this takes place in the expans mostly
05expanse*
05in fact
05the very first episdoe has klingons
do they look like they do in the original or do they have the wrinkly forheads?
i wonder , do klingons in this series look like the old klingons ? or the new ones ?
mindhive
05wrinkly foreheads
05atleast partially
But I thought they said the wrinkly forheads were from a plague, or they were like cloned...something klingons
like Krogans in mass effect
05for season 3 and 4 they changed the blue lit grease-up with the massages
Does Archer have some sort of disease?
05TheMaster: i wouldnt be suprised if it was casue "tng had wrikly foreheads adn they have had for a while so the make up artist gave them it"
05but meh
What the fuck is this?
enterprise
05Brother-Aura: why so hostile?
05might be that too
05as for archer beign sick
05im afraid i dont udnerstadn your question
You said that they had a blue gel thing and then switched to massages.
Does Archer just have Kirk-like swag and wants a Vulcan chick to rub him down every episode or is there a reason.
05oh
05that is archer
05the one getting the massage is tucker
05the engineer
quite the scabs he's got
ah okay.
05but as i was saying. you know there always is those episodes where they get a virus or something
05and as quaranten after away missions
05blue lit room and creasing
05greasing*
05it hurt the show more than it added
sort of seems like they just did it for fan-service
05yeah it was
they sure did
05to 80%
05"How can we keep people interested in the new branch?" "grease up the vulcan chick!"
O.o
the tone is a little different then the star-trek i'm use to. I actually thought this was star gate when I first saw the opening scene before the theme
more military-adventure then the science fictiony
05well it kidna does fit
greta archer. you made him sad
05we have jsut recently gotten used to the "not alone in space" thing
05i wouldnt be suprised if the old millitant roots still sit in
05if that makes sense
they need Kirk to show them that the future should be making out with green skinned chicks.
or Picard on the merits of drinking tea
05picard got me to try earl grey
or Q
05been drenkign it for breakfast quite often sicne then
05well
05wehn i wake up
space hookers
:O
Wrek do you like game of thrones at all?
i'd buy that for a dollar
05TheMaster: streamed both seasons alteady >:3
damn. I missed it
05waiting for the 3rd now
Skilled xD
man. I don't know how they'll fit Storm of Swords in one season
I can't wrap my brain around it
theres just too much that happens
05i actualyl read the books post the watchign the seasons
Wrek: When is th e 3rd season supposed to come out?
april
05but i havent read further than the seasons have gone ish
aaaanndd sprrroinnnnnng
:D
Jaqen H'gar is like 50x cooler in the tv series then in the books
i'm convinced he's actually a time lord assasin
hay gaaaaaauuuy
Sup Jim
I'M BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome back Dark92Enigma
/me hugs everypony
how you doing Dark92Enigma
slavery? in my star trek?
SPACE WHORE GONE WILD
TheMaster, It's more likely than you think.
05nooo not the critters!
so did the federation not share its replicator technology?
alexxm I'm fine, just got off the hook (i'm not grounded anymore)
The poor wildlife D:
you'd think that would end all conflict save for stuff with crazy races like the borg
not the space bunnies!
Didn't the NC reviewed this one? <---
05TheMaster: you mean in this?
05Dark92Enigma: if he did i havent seen it
Well star trek in general? does the federation in this not have replicators?
Dark92Enigma i don't think so
05not yet
05they still have a shef!
05;D
05chef*
05in fact you can barely call it a federation yet
05more like a vulcan/human alliance
05with some bonuses
This is Star Trek: The Series.........not Star Trek: Generations, right?
how do replicators work anyway? Can the federation just mass produce any matter they want for less energy then the put out?
I WANT TO SEE MORE OF THE SHIP!!
05this is not generations
oh, now i remember...........this is the series!
give er the dick
c'mno man
hopefully they don't accidently give him ginger. Some races like that more then is healthy
balck pepper. it's awesome invaluable luxury stuff. trust us
nobody will get that reference...
05hehe
SPACE DRUGS(AKA spice)
05nice one
05oh also
05i didnt tell you
oh you read harry turtledove?
he's happy
inb4 he snorts it
05but the enterprise doesnt have that shielding yet
05hecne the inconvenience
05for isntance they were raided by pirates jsut casue they were knocked out by a distrotion
seeing low-tech star trek is pretty cool.
I've read what late federation tech is like and its pretty crazy
Time Lord crazy
What's up?
05for isntance the final ep of TNG
05seeign the tech on the "future" ships was awesome IMO
05but it works both ways
I hate those uniforms, I liked the old ones better
the full body yellow and red ones?
yup
05also TheMaster: pony1553 is a practical example of why it got low reviews
it's time for space hanky-panky
05nah jsut joking
This looks interesting... oh damn it all... I have to go. Bye!
well I always thought the federation was really sort of like if you fused the air force with NASA
awwwww yeah
like they're not sure how military-ish they should be.
05right now they have a millitary troop onboard
05and there is some friction between them and the crew
Hey everypont
and suddenly, I come back to sexy time
makes sense. It would be expensive to try and make two kinds of ships
unleash the power of the sun
05suddenly i am a pont
Lol!! xD
oh god. Is that guy a cylon?
MIND CONTROLL!
:S
05specially this early in the whole "we are not aloge otu there" phase
05heck
she's gonna rip his heart out
05the second NX class hip was barely half done when they left for the expanse
05ship*
Speaking of crossovers. Did you know they wanted to do a crossover ep of star trek with dr.who?
well... its not my kind of a show... but with queen its getting interessting :D
ooops
kablooey
05i didnt know that
05sounded quite interesting
dem eye brows
Trip doesn't know what went wrong
05and im sure you are able to follow by right now they are tryign to synthesize their own trellium D
so that they don't get wiped out by gravity?
evil space hooker
kiss her :|
05TheMaster: more or less
oooh :(
is that a teleporter?
05yep
KISS her :D
05the first experimental teleporter
oh -.-
inb4 she's a pheromone sprinkler
05they didnt start using it untill season 2 though in emergency situations due to high scepticism
oh my
it's time
sexy time
I would be skeptical too. Knowing how it functions.
05aye
she sort of looks like river song
they once beamed someone up and he had leaves and branches stuck everywhere in him
so this one doesnt use all those things like bio.buffers yet
they still have candles in the future
they still have candles now. theres no reason they'd go away
vulkan meditation
>trying to mind control a vulcan
goodluck
i knew she was evil
she needs to nerve pinch her
like a reverse cylon, doing lighty things to your spine
it's time to enter the prise
05i never got into battlestar galactica, the new or the reboot
You know what they should do? A HBO/TV series of the simarillion
imagine how amazing that would be
05a shame it seems like an interesting show
05only been able to catch late night episodes on TV6
05should i DL them or is it a waste of time
Wrek: it'S interesting, but it's also stuffed with way too much drama
I mostly watched the new one with my dad, who is a fan. It was alright but I dunno. Sci-fi has never been my particular fancy
05adn yet here we are talkign about star treck :P
05k*
But yeah. Lots of drama and the premise sort of gets drawn out
star trek. must be swedish
"we're running from evil robots. they're trying to find us"
05ive got that much :P
05hehe ^_^
Oh I like good sci-fi. But I prefer it when it doesn't take itself too seriously if that makes sense. Sci-fi series that try and ground themselves in 'realism' arn't as good in my opinion compared to the 'fun' sci-fi like original TNG or dr.who
do the airlock trick!
original star trek
05TheMaster: yeah i think i get your point
mostly because the writers seem to underestimate the size of the universe. It makes it seem silly that individual characters can have a impact in a story the size of a galaxy
How did they ever reconcile the original series storylines with the more serious-tone of TNG and the later ones?
which was awesome by the way
05a projectile weapon would work against those guys rather easely
05id keep a revolver with me
projectile weapons work against most soft living things
Wrek: didnt picard fight invaders on his ship with a crossbow once?
05actually yes he did
these guys are pretty well equiped
05well they are the more millitant and agressive xindi
HEY EVERYPONY! :)
hello every pony
hi Ponies47
hi RainBowJack
how you doing Ponies47
05dat gland
its a Pinkie pie Gland
shouldnt they also analyze the suit?
to much sugar
/me glomps Ponies47
/me hugs Jim
did any pont see CCCP ?
I'm good alexxm. How about you?
i'm good Ponies47
/me Hugs Jmo4267 back :3
:3
05well i got a little while logner
051 more EP shouldtn harm
FOUND IT
please proceed
NO MORE BHG
YESSS
proceed!!!!!!!
ack i hate the whole "humans are somehow better than other species" thing
YES
everfree is playing it
awesome
cone!?!
05good thing this one doesnt use that one then P4ngya
cone
the cone of doom
didn't you just hear what she said?
05there are more to these than a bio scan can tell
the hells happening did they encounter face huggers
WHAT did she said?
Well this is a pleasant surprise in the morning
Dark92Enigma: what wrek said
OH
Ello there everypony.
so are they doing an aliens cross over
Hello Malavolent
05i cant see how this implies that humasn are the better species
how you doing Malavolent
/me That's what she said
alexxm: It's freaking hot in here, other than that, I'm pretty good. How abou you?
i'm good Malavolent
she mad
Close enough, but it's not KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN
Or CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUT
:O Binding of Isaac's new final boss... is Isaac himself!
okay. I've stayed away from the topic long enough. I've been very patient these last few months. But is there any word on season 3?
TheMaster: there will be ponies
^it will exist, that's all i need to know
somes aid it was supposed to start august, but that got elayed
05it will exist
*delayed
Amen P4ngya
05it will air before the year ends
05more than that
It will contain ponies.
05we acnt say here
05casue it goes agaisnt the no spoiler rules
I guess I'll have to look forward to Dexter
Season 3 spoilers are a bannable offense
it shall never come
It'll only be 13 episodes from what I've heard
05the latest season will air here in a week though
05of dexter that is
oh dexter
05you say only 13, i say "yay 13 more!"
I think the 13 is meant to leave it open for more if it gets enough response
and the hub/hasbro would have to be insane to nix it so quickly
I think there will be 13 episodes and a movie.
even if they're already at 18+ hours of content
@Wreck = I don't mean that as a bad thing. I actually wouldn't mind seeing them scale it back
Dat Wreck
no. More Ponies for the Pony god. More daw for the daw throne
they got tom
icwatwudidthar TheMaster
It can't be that expensive to produce episodes
space rocks yay!
what are they looking for?
why are they collecting asteroids
its flash, very detailed flash, but still flash
for the alloy?
and the VAs can't cost that much
05as ytou can see TheMaster, the already experimental transporter got screwed by gravitron distortions
darn gravity.
hello everyone
05casue they need the base ore to make trelliuum D
stupid all-constant and inescapeable force of the universe!
Honestly if Season 3 goes out as strong as Season 2 more or less, I'm fine with it being the last season. I've seen way too many cartoons that I have loved more that would have killed for a 65 episode run
oh look, they have a redshirt witht hem
well, okay, not quite red but you knwo what i mean
Hey Thrackerzod
gravity is basically the production of acceleration, right?
I don't think there were redshirts in Enterprise
I don't mind series getting run into the ground. Spongebob and simpson had seasons and seasons before they collapsed. Better to dare to greatness then to hold back and cut it off before you get all you can
all you have to do is stop watching
Riders or a anti-mattter real matter gen
a noname military guy in the background? that guy is begging for death
ensign ricky, take point
red shirts always die
if i'm ever on a star ship I will loudly say my last name wherever I go.
I am JACK ASS here i cvome?
helps to avoid being murdered
the only thing that annoys me on this series is the perverse amount of bloom
05i dont get it
bloom, blur, whatever it is you call that optic filter
not really , nameless redshirts dieby the dozens to show that there is danger or whatever , named redshirts die gruesomely to motivate the main cast
it was worst in the first season
vulkan zombies. greta
*great
I guess the only way to not die is to get a important position in the ships hierarchy
05red-shirt is doing well
05he will live to die another day
HIYA everypony
is that pfhase gun set on stun?
Hey Bronysith
he broke the system!
He won't die. He's a helmsman
hi Bronysith
space zombies?
05space zombies and pirates
so they only have stun and kill ? how about stun more ? why do theyexpect stun to work on everything ?
atleast they're not turning into freaky tentacle monsters
the borg?
the borg are not zombies
where's smas arn when you need her
they have tickle, they just never mention it
05they also have th e slight cough setting
Wrek and suddenly space ninjas
05and the limb setting
all played by ponies.
this problem would be solved if they had a shotgun or a chainsaw
I wonder what a vulcan pony would look like XD
05no it would be solved it tpol had let them use kill isntead of stun
did anyony see CCCP today?
if only they could set phasers to hug
05nope not me
TrixieMuffins: this is still pretty primitive tech in this series. only tng phasers have precise strenngth regulation
they'd look like this http://cdn.walyou.com/wp-content/uploads//2012/07/Spock-Pony-e1341908055352.jpg
lol
i refuse to click on that
alpha just told me that the program to get those desktop ponies
costs like 600 bucks
Huh. THey really are ninjas
that true??
05hes fucking with otu
it costs 600 intenret dollars
05you*
Gamefreak324, It is free
lol k
how did they miss that guy
you'll have to make atleast 4 youtube videos to earn that much internet money
these guys look like they are froma vault
yay nother smoke break!
uh oh. She let her emotions get out of control
your a bulkhead
TrixieMuffins: *you're
so a vulcans default state is a zombie?
05hehe
many the entire ship just went into pon-far or something
maybe*
05mhm
website is offline? wtf?
i hit retry now it works
he did nothing
why do they store anti-matter its fucking dangerous if you touch it youll doom the whole universe XD
05becasue it powers the engines
05you do you keep rocket fuel in yoru rockets
05if it can explode
why do you breathe oxygen? its very flamable
no it isnt every single human being on this earth breates it
breathes*
oh hello, Wrek ^_6
^_^
05hai rain :D
sonicandmario85: oxigen is very flammable. you may ask any chemist
how are you? ^_^
*oxygen
what does a fire need to work?
if i didnt breathe i would die
gas is the one very flamable
oxygen is a gas
learn how to breathe something less flamable
TheMaster: Air, fuel and something else
Heat
05oxygen, fuel, heat
we should all breathe helium. that one dowsnt blow up
if its very flamable why do you breathe it? we cannot survive without air if we didnt need to breathe we wouldent have a fucking nose
we breathe it because without the oxygen your muscles couldn't twitch or move
05so you heart would stop
This conversation is making me chuckle.
wood is flamable but they don't burst into flames just because they're flamable
05being unable to supply your brain with fuel to work properly
05so it would stop sending the signal to your ehart to pump
What we watching?
05henceforth death
oxygen is flamable but lucky for us the atmosphere is only 7% oxygen
sonicandmario85: see? and the ship there wouldnt move without antimatter
TheMaster you dont seriously believe that do you?
21% my bad
Shooeie: star trek
05its only 7% uhm
05whatever you englis hspeakers call it
Nice spelling there Wrek
TheMaster:actually i think theres actually lots of oxygen on this planet
You don't say sonicandmario85 >_>
Why are we talking about oxygen percentage?
and without the nitrogen plants wouldn't grow
because science
05Shooeie: he asked why they store antimatter if its so darn dangerous.
Shooeie: becasue antimatter
05it fuels the engines
^
typically dangerous things make for good fuel
05why does he breathe oxygen if its flammable
05becasue it fuels his body
Anti-matter is best matter
05partially
Wrek: actually, the engines are fuelled by the electricity from the matter/antimatter reaction in the warpcore
because of how much energy is stored inside. energy, when uncontrolled, can lead to cool explosions
God bless space explosions
*nerd*
antimatter makes a looooooot of energy when it is mixed with matter in a safe environment
05Dark92Enigma: well its still a fuel
05so you got me on a technicallity
maybe a better question is. why do you put gas in your car if its so flamable?
if i remmeber correctly, they use deuterium and anti hydrogen
so that micheal bay has an excuse
safe, inert things don't usually make a lot of energy when you burn them unfortunately.
TheMaster:it fuels the car
Because we got nothing better to put in it
well you could probably make a coal powered car if you wanted too
They made coal powered ships after all
we could make a hamster poweredcar
but the stored hydrocarbons in coal arn't nearly as good as oil/gasoline
did anypony see CCCP ?
I wonder how vulcan fashion works.
RainBowJack not today.
i hope he comes on
did you notice how she doesnt wear anything under that blanket?
the camera sure did
he PMed me but i was on the little colts room
oh god, phlox is THAT guy
soap opera night on the enterprise?
his face when
I think its movie night
Xindi!
t'pol be trippin
naw, they're just vulkan zombies
fo reals
Nevermind
its BMN far in the future
05fuck me i want another episode
Wrek indeed
i dont mind
was that the last one?
NEXT
Zanon is back from his evil visit with the eyedoctor.
I always thought Enterprise was a tad bit underrated
05ohai
05this episode is meh
Wrek s OC is painting Twilight
we know xD
It took 2 seasons for it to get good but when it was good, it was very good.
Naw hes painting rarity... we all know that.
what was her name?
05engsin sato
maybe we'll have anti-matter stuff. The LHC seems to be doing some good stuff in switzerland
how cool would that be?
05or however you spell it
ensign hoshi sato
anti-matter soon*
Zanon:is raritys skin purple?
05TheMaster: aye im looking forward to see how antimatter takes us one step furtehr
05too bad people consider it a weapon
though I think at the moment they're just trying to figure out how the nuclear forces work
which is cool too
Wrek: just what i was about to say. we all know what happened when they discovered nuclear powe
r
like we need a new, bigger weapon
Wrek: since when was it's existence proved?
Wrek they said the same thing about fussion
fusion bombs are already ridiculous
Well this has put me in a space opera mood. So long Bronies, I have Mass Effect multiplayer grinding to do
now ITER is getting built
TheMaster: they will always try and make a bigger weapon
they've observed anti-matter I believe.
bullets are for pussy anti matter ftw XD
There is always a biggerfish, or in this case a bigger weapon
HWG does not agree.
HWG likes bullet
Did they actually find the god particle? I don't recall whether they'd actually found the higgs-boson or were just getting close to saying for sure
bullets are good but anti matter is best bullet that isnt really a bullet :3
antimater sandvich is best sandvich?
all i know is that afte that day, facebook and twitter were full of religious morons, claiming they had won the god debate becasue of higgs boson
just because they called it the god particle doesn't mean it actually...
Barbetos:no because it will probally kill you xD
oh silly religious people
dumb people. dumb people everywhere
i'm glad hawkings turned out to be right
no black holes wiping out earth
it was super unlikely anyway.
i hope im dead when the sun dies
earth?
are you planning on living for hundreds of billions of years?
Oh you probably will be
Dark_Horst: if God exist he doesn't care about us XD
05earth is a fluke
05but that doesnt mean we should find otehr flukes
05shouldnt*
I don't think its so much a fluke as.
MadSurge:he does care about us i saw a ghost once and im not joking ghosts are very fucking real
Consider how you wouldn't be questioning how unlucky it was that you didn't evolve on a planet that couldn't support life.
We should make the other flukes
sonicandmario85: O__o
its Q
Q is off to an early start.
was Q in this series
is it Q? :3
he must have got bored waiting for picard
no
it was the ghost of my dead cat he was sleeping on the couch and i looked at something and looked back he was gone
no q here
Hallucinations are fun.
well almost looked like Q
Morning, everyone
and my mom felt him walking on her bed and looked and nothing was there
if you consider how ridoncolously big the universe is it makes sense that their would be other planets with life on them.
Morning AttacktheAndalite
i actually could've sworn i saw my dead cat once too. corner of the eye stuff. so when it comes to ghosts, i decide to remain undecided
the question is, how do we find or even get to them
Morning, Barbetos. How're you?
working.
How about you?
i dont believe in ghosts, but i'm also not ruling out the possibility compeltely
Eh....getting breakfast.
TheMaster:yea on NBC news last year nasa discoverd a life planet all coverd with water so theres probally some life living there
05there is a difference between not believing in god or ghosts period.
Wafflllessss
you mean they found a planet that probably had water on it
05and not beleiving in god or ghosts etc untill proven otherwise
theres water on europa
TheMaster:no it all had water on it
(which is a moon in...jupiters orbit)
/me is back (gone 00:07:04)
might be an ocean under the ice
Yes, I think you mean europa
05and where there is water there is a chance for micro organisms
IT WAS A DIFFRENT PLANET NOT JUPITERS FUCKING MOON
god everyone knows about it
sonicandmario85: calm your tits
05oi sonicandmario85
05no allcaps
woah brah. Relax lul
Europa - the futuristic Europe.
Dark_Horst:i dont have tits so i cant calm them
they also found a whole planet consisting completely of diamond
Watch out of the space romans
05also TheMaster.
where did "calm your tits" come from anyway?
05there is no federation yet
05only star fleet
05command
oh okay. I thought that star fleet = the fedeartion
it was one of those lucky images where a planet just happens to cross in front of it's sun jsut at the moment the photo was taken
im not talking about europa it wasnt coverd in ice
later on star fleet is a part of the federation
they did some spectrum alayzing magic on it and discovered that the planet consists of diamond
but they are not equivelant
if it was europa it wouldent be on the fucking news
pretty raw diamond, but still diamond#
i think that europa having ice and water is pretty cool
it happens to be close
relatively close
Allo everypony.
guys they werent talking about europa
who is crabhead there?
Ooh, Enterprise.
Enterprise takes place long before the founding of the federation
they were talking about a planet in another solar system with water on it
Hey everypony, Pluto says Hi
then thats cool too
water seems to be something you sort of need to have life
He is after her booty
Celes_Chere: pluto can go fuck itself
though if you asked water bears they would tell you that they're unkillable super creatures
who don't need water, air, food, sunlight or even not-a-vacuum to live
TheMaster:it also has visible clouds from space like earth does which means it probaly contains life welll life thats designed to be in the water that is..
having a atmosphere is also important but I dunno if that means it has life on it
pizza
Crab head guy made you a pizza.
TheMaster:all a planet needs for life is air water and an atmosphere
and even if it did, i'd be estatic if all you found was grass or the equivelent
and time
lots and lots and lots and lots of time
TheMaster:ever heard of cells? we wouldent have formed without them that doesnt mean other planets dont have them they are the building blocks of life
and you actually need the right mixture of chemicals to somehow, someway form into repeating chains of biological RNA
stalker
Socially awkward crab-head.
I wonder if he replicated spaghetti to fall out of his pockets
star trek version of phantom of the opera *ponyshrug*
lets all shut up about planets and enjoy the fucking movie and think about ponies or whatever XD
hey, it was just a friendly discussion mahn
gotta relax
ik it was
Troll basketball.
lol
05actually
05not a basket ball
Troll sports ball.
handball?
penisball?
05l9ol
05penis
05lololol
looked like a volleyball
I wonder what the repair bill for the enterprise is
because it looks like the ship gets messed up every episode or so
How convienient that the ship happened to pulse and then rupture away from where people are.
brb ima go get something to eat i just got up and i havent even had breakfast yet XD
Medieval Klingon. I bet that was a fun era.
medieval klingons. oh god
are we still watching startreck???
we are
05yeah isnt it great!?
kk... :P
Personally I like Voyager or Next Gen, but Enterprise has it's moments.
medeival klingons? Now I want to watch Hamlet in Klingon
well... i never watched it and i wont start it now :D
TheMaster: Alas poor Yorick, I killed him Horatio.
whether tis nobler in the mind to kill your enemies quickly, or kill them slowly.
as popular as hamlet is I think the Klingons would enjoy the Henry plays more
back
05makes me want to vote shakespeare in love as movie
05but cba to see it more than once
Morning everypony.
/me shoots a party cannon into the chat
Morning, VenHur
what about the 2006 merchant of venice with capone?
and alexmm, before you ask, same as yesterday.
theres nothing like having pizza in the morning XD
really any movie version of a shakespeare play is gonna be good
Anyone know how to put a picture on somebody else's Tumblr?
I baked you a pie.
TheMaster there was a bad hamlet movie
/me LOVES Shakespeare, espectially Julliet and Romeo.
Danger Zone!
sonicandmario85: Pizza in the morning? That's my kind of breakfast
my favorite is a tie between Macbeth and Merchant of Venice
im eating pizza right now XD
sonicandmario85: All my envy.
I just went into the Random Zone.
its leftover pizza i had last night
pizza i didnt eat
hey wrek. Do you have episodes of the twilight zone?
05i had on my old media storage
sonicandmario85: It's still pizza.
NO! NOT TWILIGHT! ANYTHING BUT THAT!
Twilight Zone
The Twilight Zone. You dingbat.
05^
05and i told you sonicandmario85
05no allcaps
05last warning
She's putting him in the friend zone. He wants to put her in the rape zone
Alien-zoned.
My favorite TZ ep is the obsolete librarian
such a awesome ep
Twilight Zone <3
05xeno-zoned sounds better
Morning, Meanwhile.
TheMaster: an*
TheMaster: Love the original series, the 50s one, not the 1985/2002 revival.
Evening AttacktheAndalite.
Wrek:i baked you a pie
Hello Meanwhile and AttacktheAndalite!
Allo MadSurge.
Hai MadSurge
05sonicandmario85: how redundant seeing as you are probably multiple countries away
00,10oh wrek is streaming enterprise now?
05Sumica
Sumica: yep
05yeah i had to show the good part of it
05isntead of the lousy season 1 and 2
You mean season 3?
Wrek:havent you seen asdfmovie? its a quote form it
00,10good I can remove it then. =p
from*
I wonder if they're going to do more overt star-trek references in season 3
05sonicandmario85: i know where you referenced from
05but i have no intention of giving you the privilege of my aknowledgement
They did starwars/triumph of the will references.
As bad as the first 2 seasons were, I was always sad that ot got cancelled just as it was getting really good
*it
Guy 1: i baked you a pie Guy 2:Oh Boy What Flavor Guy 1:PIE FLAVOR!
05we know sonicandmario85
Did you know spaces help?
:>
asdf is old and unfunny imo
tomska made the 5th one last year..
oh god the cg
swearing? In my star trek?
I liked asdf, before everyone and their grandma started quoting it.
Even the costumes are CGI
Meanwhile: Agreed
My dad is the trekkie of the house, I've always been more about horror
whats asdf?
asdfmovie
Halo before Halo was Halo.
^
TheMaster:search it on youtube
so...counterstrike?
whats this ?... do i spy some ST:Enterprise
05you complain about the cg
05yet its good for its time
oh a youtube series
05meh
also morning everypony
Wrek: aye
Oh my god, it's the Enterprise!
Spectrum_Rush: you spy correctly!
...Don't tell me. We're watching Star Trek, arent we?
How can we answer that if you don't want to be told?
eeyup
05why are you acting like its taboo VenHur? its not like we are watchign a girls cartoon about pastel ponies
Wrek: When was this made?
:'( crabman never got her in bed
I bet hardcore trekkies are happy about mlp
Wrek do you have any Voyager eps?
never knew you liked star trek Wrek
now they're the 'in culture' fanbase
05it premiered season 1 o 2001
bronies, being the new trekkies
Oh my god, Wrek pinged me...my dream has been achieved.
Serenity = 2001-2005
It's a Trap
VenHur: Not that big of a deal :S
I bet she wouldn't be so against it if the alien was hot
Too bad he looks like a seafood medley.
Just so you know, I'm a newbie fan of Star Trek, only seen the movies, ironic how the odd movies got the lowest box office successes.
he should have just projected himself as being attractive from the get-go
05VenHur: you still didnt answer my question
dat guy REALLY doesnt take rejection
()
_
Nobody likes a creeper crab-head.
05 = wheelchair
Oh, sorry Wrek, I don't really know what's Taboo is though, some sort of fictional planet?
-_(\
This is gonna be interesting.
Can you blame him we all want to keep a Japanese girl in our basement

this guy is like a ugly version of the doctor. without a tardis
maybe its a badend for the dr.
What does that equal.
05taboo
05[tuh-boo, ta-]  Example Sentences Origin
05taboo
05 [tuh-boo, ta-] Show IPA
05adjective
051.
She is going to have a crab baby
05proscribed by society as improper or unacceptable: Taboo language is usually bleeped on TV. Synonyms: prohibited, banned, forbidden, proscribed. Antonyms: allowed, permitted, permissible; sanctioned.
Ohh, THAT Taboo...
...Never heard about it until now.
I think that gets to be the word of the day
00,10also a boreing game.
So boreing
:>
Yeah, why would someone want to create a web of crippling anomalies? To hide something, probably.
god i'm so tired i keep seeing the word Taboo as Dabo
He is always going to be there when she sleeps
(_)(_)(_)
wut
I joined on a Star Trek episode/10
I kinda wish the next step of this franchise would be a new crew farther into the future. I love where Abrams went with the series but I really want it to be progressive and in television format again.
Spectrum_Rush: Zug zug?
00,10dvds eh?
05mhmmm
OK, brb......gotta go to my house......
but the abrams movies set them at the very beginning
with the least technology. The enterprise got wrekced by a mining ship
Meanwhile: Dabu?
Jmo4267: Work work.
Which is why I want to go back to the future
Meanwhile: Lok'tar
Jmo4267: Ogar.
TheMaster: a mining ship that was significantly altered by re-engineered borg technology
best intro ever
I got nothin' else. d:
wait what. When did they say that in the movie?
The only TV fix I have for space opera now is Battle Star Galactica and everything from that franchise post final season has been pretty much shit
I don't know...the intro looks like the weakest of the franchise...
I doesn't even has a badass fanfare tune in it, just some singer...
TheMaster: its in supplemental materials, but its considered canon by paramount
*it
they just needed a less...sitcomy song
and its ashame they had a more fitting song
05http://a7.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/s480x480/375592_392264840828773_1994818010_n.jpg
huh. The ship didn't look much like it had borgy stuff on it
00,10I whould sent you all the TNG and Voyager eps wrek.
Wrek: I remember that game.
05i have the DVD boxes of those aswell
"Life on the Enterprise", starring That Guy From Quantum Leap
I love the intro. The optimistic and uplifting nature fits the placement of the series
05heck i have the VHS collection of voyager
that is elder-god level trolling
wrek that is both evil and awesome
Wrek: can we assume you have every series season and movies?
05nope
00,10lol vhs
Only the good ones? :D
did Wrath of Khan ever get picked as a movie night?
o rly? wathcha missing Wrek ?
because that is easily one of the best movies i've ever seen, even outside of star trek
05only TNG, voyager, DS9, and this one for the series. but i own all the movies
00,10no trek has ever been voted or picked
Greetings, and welcome to Ask That Guy From Quantum Leap. (sorry, I just has to.)
Sumica: I still have my old VHS around :D
Wrek: ah so no TOS or TAS?
00,10so do I
The only movies worth watching in my opinion is Wrath of Khan, FIrst Contact, and 2009
00,10I used it to record pony
Needs more Voyager.
Khaaaan!
05first contact is my favorite star trek movie
^
05but i didnt mind nemesis
05even if people disliked it
00,10first contact was good
:D
Nemesis was okay but I wouldn't have gone out of my way to see it
Is that the one that at one point involves Borg being shot with a tommy gun?
05Spectrum_Rush: im afraid the abverations doesnt ring a bell, can you spell them out?
I only seen some Star Trek movie, and I'll tell you.
Meanwhile: yus
I'm very tempted to linkt ot he plinkett reviews
00,10Voyager needed a movie
I like that one.
Sumica it did have a rather awesome ending
Now, the first one was a big hype when it first cames out, NOBODY would of expected a Star Trek movie, NOBODY.
Wrek: The Original series or The Animated series
05yeah Sumica, the season 7 finale was more than i could have asked :P
00,10yeah but just think of the ending if it got a movie
05never owned the sets but i used to have some VHS tapes with episodes recorded on them
Voyager ended well imo.
05true
The only Star Trek finale that sucked I thought was sadly the finale to Enterprise
...Altough the movie was...disapointing, there's not a lot of action (damn you Enterprise scene.), the characters looked sort of bland, etc.
ah the good ol days of vhs to tv recording
00,10oh this is enterprise after they got the Makos.
05you mean TNG or this one?
This series
The TNG finale was excellent
05well it ended in theory 3 seasons too fast
^
05so the "ending" wanst the proper ending
It wasn't their fault but it unfortunately is what it is
So Star Trek I: The Motion Picture was really bad, and Trekkies feared the next movie (II) was about to be even worse.
hello everypony
bye, I`m going to watch Lotr
(w)
hi SirGanjalf
Hello SirGanjalf.
how've things been SirGanjalf
uuum...yes
That moment you realize you said goodbye an hour and a half ago yet still haven't pulled yourself away from the computer
so why are they breaking into random peoples homes
05he's a xindi
earth was attacked
Are xindi like the Dominion?
05not really
05so far we have learned very little about them
Damn it Archer, this is how you interrogate. BatmanVoice = WHERE"S THE KIMOCITE!!!! *Punch*
What's the % in BerryPunch for? Is it a bot?
Aye.
Proper interrogation time :D
Apelike. Pfft.
Eww organic ammo/components
00,10it's Half OP
Oh so the Xindi are all from one planet.
But still different species.
05mhm
05imagine humans and neantherthals
05but 6 kinds
05and not all primate based
Ape guy = The first talking human?
00,10planet buster
00,10that reminds me,
00,10that one voyager shooter game
dun dun dunn
why is it always the reptilans
00,10got a ds9 shooter game too.
planet buster? go get sg1!
alexxm: http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/ReptilesAreAbhorrent
05did you ever watch all 4 seasons sumi?
00,10yeah
05yey :3
00,10the punch out ending
00,10this is after the scar was cut across the states
05yeah
hi everypony
lolroboda
Hello ROBODA.
Hello everypony :)
/me glomps MegaMoonShine
Hello MegaMoonShine
hi Jmo4267, VenHur and MegaMoonShine
05whoever linked http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8ayuesy8A1r3xauuo1_1280.png
05awesome
how've things been MegaMoonShine
Good alexxm, thanks
sexy mare + muffins :D
hi alexxm
aww what an adorable ship
/me waves to Jmo4267 VenHur and ROBODA
oh wow Enterprise
00,10I linked that one to Val earlyer.
05dat obvious black guy reptilian
I like his voice.
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Discord the Demoman - TF2 Invades Ponies
05WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT
discord + demoman?
05Sumica
Lolwut
05look at the image on that post
00,10yeah what of it wrek, val loves that video.
00,10biometric safty
well they're doomed
BAM
Man that guy went down like a sack of hammers.
he was beaten like a goverment mule
I love how he never bothered to even get back up
ya know , i quite like the design of the NX-01
agreed
don't trust him
i saw planet of the apes
it'll bite you in the ass later
00,10that guy has alot of belts.
hi everyone
hi Lil_B :)
Hey Lil_B
Hi Lil_B
hey B
hai Lil_B
how you doing Lil_B
hi MegaMoonShine Jim Jmo4267 Otherness and Spectrum_Rush ;)
Hi ya Lil_B.
and alexxm :) everxthing's fine, I need a break from music xD
Sumica: its as if he was designed by tetsuya nomura :S
and hi VenHur :)
If that logic works, he's a benevolent hero. If it backfires, he's a dumbass
what are we watching?
Star Trek
which generation?
Enterprise
Angry monkey is angry.
got told, son
Moo
liek a baws
hi Lil_B
hi somepony_else :)
I only ever watched the next generation and the few voyager episodes that had Q in them
What would be this?
Wrek do you have a Q episode from the next generation?
00,10startrek, 400years before TNG
05all of them
Hello Lil_B! :)
ohai MadSurge ;)
please show one Q epi
PLZ
star trek deep space 9?
show the voyager Q episode where they ... erm ... "mate" if you can call it that XD
Q mating? Ewwww
That episode is funny.
051 episode left on this disc
05and its appropriatley named twilight :D
05xD
MadSurge it funny, the Qs fight each other dressed like the soldiers from the civil war
:p
Q Continuum civil war is best civil war.
Ohai Rain! :)
Wrek: ooh one of my favorites
hi Rain :)
dat Wrek taking a smoke break
We watching Twilight
00,10oh this one
Nice reaction.
Face punch!
Twilight (Sparkle)
"I have orders to keep you here." Yeah well fuck that, PUNCH.
Dude...
welll... happens... i guess
Oh shit! :O
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUN
p-p-p-p-p-planet busted
well that was...slightly disturbing to watch
00,10this intro is faster then I recall
death star ripoff...
what we watching
Giant buckyball of death!
05yeah after the 2nd season they made the itnro "hip"
05thoguh i personally preffered the season 1 intro
00,10guess they never changed it when I watched it on tv
Adam = Star Trek Enterprise
Thing is if you know anything about Star Trek prior to this series it's not a particularly credible threat.
for the "cewl" kidz?
thanks Riders
hai everypony, how you doing? :$
hai Michael :)
hey Michael !
never really watched Star Trek before
/me hugs MegaMoonShine Lil_B
05actually a good episode
all i know is KAHN
how you doing Michael
I prefer the more upbeat tone of the season 3 and 4 intro
huh, delta radiation is high-energy electrons
alexxm: good, you?
i'm good Michael
00,10I am disapointed they never once did any calback humor to Quantium Leap
seems like someone tried to enter this chat, with my name :|
Oh shit, Captain Archer made a Quantum Leap
T'pol with long hair... that is my fetish :3
i loved quantium leap
lol, star trek?
05lol, Michael? why are you here? lol
that didnt feel good
Wrek: what?
anypony want some mtn dew?
05sure ill have some
Adam whyts mtn dew?
20 degrees at warp speed?
here you go nice and cold Wrek
05neat
that would cause some SERIOUS latitudinal stress
05well technically there is no "motioN" during warp speed
if not tear the ship apart
05not in the same matter
Lil_B: its a soda drink
00,10not much of a strcutral support if it just falls off
Adam whyt doe it taste like?
05its basically the warp bubble moving the sapce inside the ship to a destination
05or am i wrong?
Wrek: you would be...
right
00,10kinda wrek.
Lil_B: i dont lemon and lime but not sour
WHAT is that thing
05well never bothered lookign it up
05please explain
Adam ok :/ maybe I'll find it somehwere around here
dem scanners
00,10warp is kinda like falling through space
oh no not the Hippocampus oh god the humanity he needs brain surgery or something
wtf
Inb4 he's given them that before.
05so while turnign 20 degrees could effect the destination os stabilities
i watched some 2005 Dr.Who lately
fusion drive with Anit-mater and matter colent
00,10So basicly it gave him altimsers
05i dont think it would cause andy hull stress
05not in that matter atleast
i need to find the older version though
Andy Hull is stressed.
He needs to relax more.
hai :3
hai Derpy_at_work :p
05Sumica: aye
Morning everypony! How are all of you?
05and i got confused there
05was i right or wrong?
05probably a language failiure on my part
hi Crono_brony
good Crono_brony
hai Crono_brony i'm good :)
That's great to hear! ^ ^
00,10there would only be stress from radical corse changes as they still have inertia
how are you Crono_brony
Morning Crono_brony
Adam: Feeling great! never better!
that's good
interspacial flux ... I love it
Morning Crono_brony :)
lol
how are ya, moonshine?
and the black guy is dead :/
whats going on? (ihave no idea
dem aliens
Pretty good Crono_brony
00,10fail crewman
That's great!
Dat Hammer
05killed by liberty
a STICK ?
dem enterprise :D
Kaboom
05sumica
00,10only disabled?
05we should write that down
05ocne gusn of icarus gets boarding
05that would be a viable tactic
00,10raming?
00,10aye
Wrek: The first thing we should do is take you off the wheel.
00,10we kinda did that the other night
05well Meanwhile you gotta admit my driving isnt that bad
00,10I used the tail harpoon and draged one enemy in to another
Flying into clipping issues is not a valid strategy!
05when the lag and stuff isnt in the way
00,10we already lost the match but we got 2 kills
I wonder how long before mortars get nerfed.
how about they switched most of their power to the engine and warp generator thingy
are you talking about BF3?
>.>
HAHAHA BF3.
bye bye everypony
be back later
bye RainBowJack
Later RainBowJack :)
bye RainBowJack
Cya RainBowJack
00,10they need both of those pylon things to make a stable warp field
humans go bye bye
bye RainBowJack
wh cant i hold all these feels
00,10with out it the buble would hae parts of the ship movie at diffrent speeds.
i missed the first half of this episode, whats going on?
In other words... THIS IS CETI ALPHA 5!!
5th planet of Ceti Alpha System? now where have we heard of that planet before :S
05they are called gondola
05;O
Sumica they can create one but at higher speeds, but it collapses under strain at higher speeds
i have no idea what's going on im glad i changed my name dur Chitti Chitti Bang Bang because i would do it now anyway
05well
hence why they could still high 1.7 with only one necelle
05the term higher speeds doesnt really apply to warp
Live long and prosper.
what is that
thing
05basically the time it takes for the warp bubble to transport the mass
human?
05not really speed
05in the same manner as a car accelerates
Warp 9.975. Voyager's average cruising speed, if I recall.
Warp is so yesterday, in Hipser galaxy we use Patanoster
05becasue warp 10 would make you jump galaxies
00,10they cant hold the speed for long
Meanwhile yup
Wrek: or turn into a frog :S
05hehe
05did we ever get to know more about warp 10 beyond the TNG episode?
According to Star Trek physics, reaching warp 10 means you will occupy every point in the universe simulaneously.
00,10Voyager had it
though they do create 2 alternative forms, the quantum slipstream, and the delta-flyers (cant remember the name) one which hits warp 10
00,10but then voyager puled out transwarp
Wrek yes, the delta flyer hits warp 10
05well yeah
and then goes all creepy looking
Chrysalis: Quantom Slipstream?... that sounds like an STO referance
oh, hi Chrysalis
00,10STO takes place after Voyager
what is going on im confused
Quantum slipstream was in Voyager.
Sumica: about 30 years after nemesis
boo
STO takes place at like star date almost 1000000
05been a while since i viewed all of voyager
05i recall an ordeal about omega particles/space/etc
Adam I think the capitain looses his memory every few hours or so... can't follow it myself though :/
05what was that about?
Wrek: The Omega Directive.
i'd have to laod it up to check, but yeah. its after anything thats been shown on tvb
i need to watch voyager again, can't remember half thia stuff
the borg have the Transwarp thing as well, though they do have reletivety issues
thank Lil_B at least im not alone
Wrek: they were super powerful and unstable and could probably destroy the univers or something like that
lol
05yeah i recall something simmilar
The Omega particle, a molecule with incredibly high energy output and instability was detected in the Delta Quadrant and according to Star Fleet orders Voyager moved to intercept and destroy.
^
Meanwhile 7 of 9 also creates a chamber to stabilise the molecule
is this a movie episode special or what?
05no
Indeed, because Omega represents the Borg ideal of perfection in it's complexity.
05all episodes are 40 minutes
I found a song that Gigabit MUSt love. <3
thanks Wrek
Sting - Shape of My Heart Just found this classic.
wow dat is a long episodes
hi Vordox :)
hai Vordox
Hi Lil_B =3 How's spriting?
Yo Michael
Omega, the Borg holy grail.
wow i just realized movie night is on my Birthday
Meanwhile well it is there representation of perfection
Chrysalis: You mean like I said in my last comment? :P
Vordox the SB64 Sprite now finished, he likes the version i showed him
so much omega talk
05thanks for the refresher
we completely ignored the protocol :P
omega?
Lil_B: Already animate out? Nice!
what ep is this?
Vordox no, no animation, only the sprite
First rule of Omega club, don't talk about Omega club.
Oh
Lil_B: Show me!
Meanwhile: ya already broke the rule then
05this is S3EP8
thanks
Spectrum_Rush: Irrelevant.
:P
05out of 224
0524*
S3EP224. That's a long season.
around the sun?
time for time travel
warpdrive + sun slingshot = time travel
i dont mind 40 minute episodes i watch breaking bad and doctor who all the time its just the story that i dont understand
this isn't a voyage home
ow the hippocampus
05dat goatee is awesome
dat it is Wrek
dem lazors
Man they're pretty aggressive.
Phasors
well when you are the only defense for the last 6,000 humans Meanwhile , ya tend to be
00,10She tells him every day and shows him once every 7 years
PEW PEW PEW time
she has pointy ears
05dat pon far reference
Sumica dat canon knowledge of vulcan mating rituals
00,10heh
mica :S
/me cant handle that guy's chin...
WHAT IS THAT
/me just wants to pick that little thing off
00,10rage
05rain doesnt like goatees? :o
Wrek, no the vulcan
05ah
Bloody temporal parasites.
his chin has that weird little thing and alsfnv;asdnc I just want to pick at it ><
Rain: only the girl in red is vulcan
this is trippy as hell
>_>
alright then the face growth guy
happy?
00,10where these eps are good, I just never liked the it never happend things
/me at least tried
A for effort Rain.
WAIT
WHo was streaming Leon the Proffesional BEFORE?!
WHO!?
heres the thing, if they already removed some of the parasites
05dat sentence confused me sumi
do you mean Dr. Phlox a Danobulan
00,10this is like the "year of hell" ep of voyager
wouldnt that at least make him a LITTLE better
yay fight :D
giving them a better chance overall
Was it you Sumica?
00,10this ep wrek. it never happend
Sumica: Oh you mean the episodes where temporal flimflam makes the whole thing redundant?
00,10yeah
god year of hell
05oh now i get it
I hated those too.
what Meanwhile said Rain
i always feel bad for the crew in those eps
Wibbley wobbley timey wimey.
So, my cat brought in this fella http://i.imgur.com/9vPED.jpg
Sumica: my dad is watching Voyager right now
Spectrum_Rush, what?
Jim: Aww, birdy.
Jim: lolwut
dat leadership
KAHN! is that coming up soon
Noone here loved Leon? D:
Jim: awww mean kitty :(
they really DONT like that right necelle
thats the same one they lost earlier
05aye
OH SHIT :O
well theyre dead
DED
Nobody likes necelles in Star Trek.
Rain: A for effort, is all, don't mind me i'm just a nerd
if i recall its also the one voyagers takes alot of damage to
Meanwhile of course, they lose warp drive
:O
Exacta.
omg
Nooooooooooo!!
SHOOT THEM
00,10and that is why you dont put the bloody bridge on top
well that can't be good
Well, looks like the voyager is aout to get molested and destroyed
wow people, its been too long
Not sure about the molested bit, buy mrh
05that isnt the voyager
05,,,
It was still alive when I took the picture, but the bird passed away only a few minutes later.
05...
Ohai stallion1
ded
Sumica they do build ships later on with a reserve bridge
hai stallion1
Hello stallion1 :)
Wrek: (Isn't really a star trek fan, let me get things wrong in piece, okay)
and seperation capabilities
do they do learn
but a LONG time from now
Jim: :'(
And I can hardly type rom this proportional angle
We've lost the port necelle we're venting plasma the shields are down there's a hull breach from decks 1 to 7 our phasers are overloading the torpedo tubes are locked up and the microwave is broke.
Chrysalis: only 1 hundred years :S
00,10back up bridges. are pointless if the primary crew just got spaced
05i dont blame ya
And now the damage report machine is damaged.
Sumica ECH
Meanwhile: dat arson murder and jaywalking
abandon ship?
whats up! awesome peoples, b ut ill only be here for a few, but do not fret. I will be getting a laptop soon soooo bo-yea
sneak attack critical for extra damage
00,10put primary bridge in the center of the hull and you dont have the problem of it ggeting cut open
buyt then how do you get the "hole in the bridge ramming speed" shots
^
like where janeway destroys the time ship
Chrysalis: "Time's...up."
00,10this is just a hey we can put clips of every one dieing in the advertisment and realy get alot of people watching
or when Picard rams the enterprise into the scimitar
everyone else takes 1 shot to die
05USS Defiant is best federation vessel
archer takes 3
nuuuuu
He ded
Wrek: in a mirror darkly?
05hehe
WHATTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
/me back in time...
boom
inb4 he remembers the future
wtf just happened?
Before newcomers get up in arms, It was not all just a dream
00,10TV trope: it was all just a dream
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT HAPPENED was he sleeping or what
Sumica this wasnt a dream, its an alternate timeline
But it never happened, so how would he remember it?
Wrek: wait the onr from Ds9 or from the original series?
He had temporal parasites in his brain.
00,10was it?
Because of their existence that stuff all happened.
lol
they destroyed something that doesn't follow the rules of time
05well i was first reffereing the DS9 one
YOWCH
Howdy y'all!
05but then you mentioned it so xD
But when they were destroyed they became non-existent and so having never existed that stuff never happened.
The Parasites were displaced in time. Archer finished the removal procedure in the future, which destroyed them in the past, meaning the timeline has now diverged
Hai Everlasting_Joy :)
ah XD
hai Everlasting_Joy :)
Allo Everlasting_Joy.
ello
Hey Everlasting_Joy
Ohai Everlasting_Joy!
how you doing Everlasting_Joy
good morrow Everlasting_Joy
hai kenponchi
well that episode MADE NO SENSE
All dem pings :).
Made perfect sense.
^
Adam temporal mechanics
made sense to me :)
do you get them
the hell happened in that episode
what just ended?
watch enough startrek
Adam = don't see what was so hard to follow about it
and you will
Howdy MegaMoonShine, Michael, Jmo4267, MadSurge, Spectrum_Rush!
Riders: like was it a dream real or what
alexxm: I'm doing fine. There's nothing I can really say that's of great significance.
:D
lol, what a shock wrek would sho that :p
Adam = The Parasites were displaced in time. Archer finished the removal procedure in the future, which destroyed them in the past, meaning the timeline has now diverged
suddenly
ponies :D
05well that was fun
00,10guess you could not get the video player to work with the flash wrek.
05not yet no
sat leg
o my gerd i love this song
dat*
dat twilight dancing :$
00,10*coughcough* use MPC *coughcough*
\(^^\) (/^^)/
05im considerign it :P
<3 dance party
Riders: but i thought what happens in the future doesnt change the past
05anyways
This is my fav song from the finale
easily
^^
05hope you enjoyed some of the better parts of the most recent star trek series
Adam: don't break your head over it
Time travel elements in Star Trek are about nothing but changing the future
05im done for the day
hello everypony i am back
Thanks for streaming Wrek.
Wrek: For now :P
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4347/
05hope to see you all for tonights movie trilogies though!
hai RainBowJack
Thanks for the stream, Wrek
bye bye wrek
Oh okay, thanks Wrek!
Take care Wrek!
Wrek: what trilogy is that?
aahh Wrek no Q epi?
See ya Wrek
sup RainBroJack
hi there Everlasting_Joy
WAIT
i wont ive been watching Drwho latley and that gets me thinking to my head hurts
Wtt?
thanks for stream Wrek , as always
Bye Wrek
Look at her leg
thanks for the stream Wrek
Howdy Bronysith!
When it bounces down
what is it this week./ Indy and what?
O.o
bye Wrek
SHE BREAKS HER LEGS
05PotC
hai Bronysith
YES
Oh yes! Pirates this week :D
It loooooooooops :O
PIRATES
Yo Ho!
I like those movies.
pirates?
Oh god, the eyes
ok, enterrtainment this week is set
woot!
Wut is this?
/me dresses in priate regalia
PIRATES WHERE I LOVE PIRATES
/me *pirate
Hey eyes are pretty suggestive to me :S
Yarr!
Captain Jack Sparrow is a sexy pirate. There, I said it.
TWILIGHT is so damn adorable
AttacktheAndalite: no shit
Who stole my eyepatch?
Got things to take care of bronies. Take care
05Serenity: no argumetn there
Serenity: then you haven't seen nothin yet :S
Bronysith /)
05they're damn sexy
Later Riders :)
AttacktheAndalite: (\
I sure as Tartarus ain't going pegleg
yar har didly dee be a pirate is what yee be do what you want because a pirate is free
05anyways
05bye
AttacktheAndalite: i mean, its johny depp
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Vinyl Scratch Tapes Episode 4 Live Tonight!
Wrek: One sec, I don't think you're seeing what I'm seing
nvm found it
later Wrek
AttacktheAndalite: I don't care, but I like his smug attitude :D
Bronysith: EXACTLY
bai Wrek
lol somepony got excited that you stopped streaming wrex
sry wrek
MadSurge: *weird hand gestures* Set sail in a general...that way direction
then he realized it was buffering
anyone up next?
00,10hmmmmm wonder if I should set up something to auto play while I am gone shoping.
not gonna name any... alpha
who's next? :)
Sumica: Inb4 Stargate.
AttacktheAndalite: still, saw only the first movie, the others sound too silly :D
Sumica: why not?
Jerk
Sumica: Playlist? Dat's dangerous
but you won't be around to see people bitch!
http://i.imgur.com/XYvRP.png
lol
That's what I see on stream!
ooh a link
amd it better include PONIES! :p
00,10yfw I do it all the time Vordox
Sumica: :o
MadSurge: Only the first movie? Well you're in luck because the first three will be showing
what to do.........
Sumica: how about code ment
AttacktheAndalite: also I can take only so much of Orlando Bloom :D
/me punches Sumica in the shins
00,10Dont have locals of that.
MadSurge: You can always block him out XD
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/787/
Sumica: get down from there
AttacktheAndalite: he may have killed an oliphant, but Gimli still won :D
MadSurge: lolol
I was watching Lotr earlier
...
http://derpy.me/v7umn
oh darn, no more star trek?
nope
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVYFOlVB-Uo&feature=related <-- Here have some Leon
Ah damnit, Stream just came out when I posted that :O
stream
Suddenly Lion King with ponies
oh dat video :)
Und here we go again.
:O
You need new injections of ponies, Mica :P
RELEVANT http://derpiboo.ru/40009
OH MYYYY
00,10I like this so dealwithit
jeez my volume was high
^^
hehe
I hope you're happy Sumica I was watching a VERY quiet youtube video!
Sumica: dealing : D
hey is there a coloured version of luna jumping off that tower?
00,10I am always happy.
When are they finishing this?
00,10especaly with my comedic timeing
lawl
animated i mean
Hello
Yes, well my ears say different
I'm using this when it is halloween
00,10Soon
Just came back to one of the Greatest vids! Awesome :$
hai GreeHetBronyInDuitsl
*kerbal face*
Kerbals.wav
oh look sumica's back
this song is amazing with headphones
Sumica: has best comedic timing, especially when there is new members around :S
screw you guys, I'm going home *leaves rocket and swaggers away*
http://i.imgur.com/Lt9oZ.png Soon?
i <3 this vid
how you doing GreeHetBronyInDuitsl
Great
will this be animated Sumica?
Hello GreeHetBronyInDuitsl :)
00,10you have no idea Spectrum_Rush
What's the name of this song?
00,10you should ask ponibas about my timeing with jokes over vent
YES
00,10also he asked for ponies
YES!
Aw hell YEAH!!
and how I am usually drinking
NOIOOOOOOO!!!!!
:O
wat
NOOO
:D Best gen ever!
Yaaay
LOL!!!
Please Sumi no
:D
Best fucking gen
too late
G3....
suddenly g3.5
YESSSSSSS
3rd gen SUCKS
i never asked for this
So wait, who asked for this?
Then people raged
Und dann G3.5
/me starts singing along
I need to remake that picture, Jim. I can get a Hi-res version of the kerbal face
Wait
Sumi has started his playlist to stream while he goes out :p
I like this
Why are we punished by THIS?!
One does not simply ask for ponies.
YOU NO PINKIE
do seaponies next
RAINBOW DASH ALWAYS DRESSES IN STYLE
WWHHYYY!?!
God I hope we hear a story from Cheerilee!
Style.
Dat RD
Whoever asked for ponies, I laugh at you.
rainbow dash always dress with style :D
you bitch if there is no stream, now you're bitching when there is a stream.. lol
thats Sumica s end theme SEAPONIES
Remove. Pfft.
MegaMoonShine: We'd better! I love those stories.
00,10trololol
YES
wtf
Serenity, Well, that face was a screenshot from the KSP on my computer
batman
O________________0
Yes yes yes yes thiiiiis
not from the stream
SUMICA ALL OF MY YES
YES
if you're gonna play ponies at least PLAY OURS!!!!
OMG this one
Everlasting_Joy: Here's a touchin' story. Once upon a time, you died. And I lived happily ever after.
Jmo4267: never ask for ponies when Sumica's around!
this is better
Jim: What res was you playing the game?
Sumica: i love you
You don't say MadSurge.
Jingle bells batman smells
Also this episode is awesome
Gamefreak324: Ours?
epic
:O lol
WHAT THE F**K?
Aww. . . As much as I love this episode, I can't help but think of the Deepercutt YTP of this.
I can set my laptop by 2200x1028 or something
I was wondering why the video was buffering so bad then I remember that I have 3 torrents downloading. Idiot much, I am?
:D
boom
MegaMoonShine: ours as in the show we all have come to love
DAT joker
Serenity, 1080 x 1920
Mark hamill <3
Laughing all the Wiiiiii!
also why not watching the intro :<
Joker is feeling Pinkie right now.
Other way around Jim.
Jim: Hmm, mine will be slightly higher. not sure if worth teh effort :3
THIS IS A HUGE JOKE
na-na-na-na-na-na batman
It's everyone's show Gamefreak324
yeah, other way :p
y u no with family robin?
Is it me or is there no sound?
I NOT BATMAN
all i can think of now is MARE-DO-WELL
question to the mods
My parents are deeeeaaad!
Robin's family is dead
I spy... an 8 foot tall candy cane!
y do you never play regular ponies?
Sumica, have you streamed the pilot?
Sumica: Thanks a billion ponies it's been years since i watched this and i can't express how much i loved this batman series <3
I had to mute the sound because it was not my little pony related
http://derpy.me/WeXTV
you know our ponies
Lol what version of Batman and Robin is this
d'aww
Gamefreak324: they do sometimes, you're just on at the wrong times :P
BTAS
linsett, the animated series
the good animated series
oh okay thanks
yay, its good
somepony is telling me that if anybody ever asks they always play 3rd gen
wait, is summer here
Inb4 joker
there was a bad animated series?
i'm wondering y
:D
JOKER :D
Sat there wondering why there was no sound, bam, turns out I wound my headphones down without noticing.
Dun dun duuuuuuuuuun!
Those yellow eyes
dat crazy laugh
Joker in HD
dat evil laugh
lol
joker is best evil
this please me
^
Oh Joker, you and your antics
why am watching this in summer?
Mark Hamil <3
Best show
and boom goes the santa
Joker or Discord.
Joker
Discord
Discord.
Don't make me choose!
why not both, Shooeie?
He doesn't need to be omnipotent to do his bidding
why not both
^
If it's Discord, we might get chocolate snow
Yay!
Kevin Conroy <3
AttacktheAndalite: I could go with that, the chocolate snow.
Dem canned laughs
Hmm
Everlasting_Joy: Chocolate snow everywwwwwwwhere and chocolate ice.
Chocolate snowmen
xD
AttacktheAndalite: therefore, chocolate icecream :D
chocolate snowflakes~
lmao
Eternal Chaos comes with chocolate rain, you guys. Chocolate RAIN! Joker comes with laughing gas and bombs
MadSurge: Mmmmmmm
man-baby what the hell
They so cute :D
I have gone for way to long
AttacktheAndalite: Yum!
>can't spit out candy cane muzzles
how do you gag someone with a candy cane
brb
joker can just do that
Everlasting_Joy: I would have a fit of excitement. Chocolate snow...........
END THIS
Ikr alexxm :D
05no one took over stream?
why no one answer me
05cause im back from doing what i had to do
XD
Sumica did
Sumi did
05yay!
Sumi did
Wrek, Sumica came online with Batman
05whats he streamin?
alexxm: I'd lick the candy cane enough to melt it then eat ti
yep MadSurge
I`m stil confused, I`m watching this in summer
AttacktheAndalite: I'd be eating all the snow in my city.
05nice
back
Dat ventriloquism
Handpuppet!
Welcome back Wrek!
Batman
I just heard a yay....
Wrek: Sumica put something on while he goes shopping
why?
:O
http://derpy.me/Pg6lw lol
BEST SONG
blow the bridge :D
boom
What is up with Flutter's yaying?
linsett: Sumica's pings are yay and George Takei
:D that jingle
ok whatever
WHY AM I WATCHING THIS IN SUMMER?!??!?!?!
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0AzfFlTLYfI&feature=related
Because BATMAN
I DONT KNOW PONY
Its Winter in Europe
GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: no vid links on stream
GreeHetBronyInDuitsl: No vid links
cypresswolf put it best
I know
Shooeie: that's australia :D
Curse you Deepercutt!
because the mods control EVERYTHING they do whatever they want
AUSSSSSSSIE
I've been gone far to long
Engeneer? despensor
It seems Batman can do anything
hey they gotta try some things to entertain us
always like the noir look of this series
Shooeie: He can breathe in space!
3:20 am where u am in australia
and my chat derped brb
wow
damn you bronystate
And then everypony died
1:20AM wat.
i loved batman of the future
ranbom batman tells me to jump out of a train
Boom!
lets do it
Why did it explode, exactly?
boom
kaboom
lol
Ded
Expoldium
RainBowJack: it was a ok and somewhat fun series, But animated series which is this one wins by a land slide
Michael Bay would be proud
more important questin Meanwhile , why did the train engine bounce
RainBowJack, you mean Batman Beyond?
Spectrum_Rush1: That too.
Shooeie: Explodia? IMPOSSIBLE! NO ONE'S EVER BEEN ABLE TO SUMMON HIM!"
eww
isn't that series a follow up of this one currently
Nightmares
wut
Dat cannon
CriticKitten, I LOVED that episode of YGOTAS
Damn.
He had time to set up a massive mortar cannon like that?
Way to slack off, Batman
He's the Joker, he does what he wants.
Joker's party cannon is funnest cannon :)
CriticKitten, of course
Who would sponser Joker?
he's the Joker
Shooeie: Viacom?
Shooeie, that's the part where the show went into real commercials
lol
CriticKitten: its more like he had time to turn an observitory in to a cannon
dat jokes
hey Wrek can i test something?
jokers Party cannon
05knowingf you? nope
RainBowJack: :D
o.o
lol what does that mean?
Wut
Oh the joker dolls
And he also had time to set up Chitti bots
hihihihihahahahhohohohoho
My childhood nightmare
see his party cannon
Damn. Joker's got a lot of money.
A roomful of clowns with guns
Wrek: i wanna test the bot
CriticKitten, who needs money
o.o
more explosions :D
Cause and effect.... Throw a grenade
CriticKitten, Chitti bots? They're just stylized turrets
Kandarihu: Finger guns.
LOL
Dat chin.
They playback a Joker laugh, they turn to aim, and they shoot.
i'll just do it on a different server
don't wanna piss anypony off
A pony?
betty blooper dolls
Explode?
:3 Betty Boop doll
Gamefreak324: Kick bot for 6 messages in 10 seconds only works on BS mane and side rooms on BMN
I doubt those toys sold very well.
Batman would know that.
Destructive Betty Boop:D
hey guys, what's going on?
Laffco
Dat shipping
BronyInstrumental: Batman
hai BronyInstrumental
How does he park that?
I never realized it until just now, about Betty Blooper = Betty Boop
Hay BronyInstrumental
And yes, it rang a bell when Joker said it's name.
how've things been BronyInstrumental
hey BronyInstrumental :)
that nutcracker
i'm good alexxm, just came out of hibernation
:O
how about you?
Sumica: loves mark hamil
Dken2021, August
Dken2021: It's August
oh yea, foergot
Holy shit.
Got your nose~!
Batman's got some muscles.
CriticKitten: ya don't say?
NUTCRACKer!!pfft...:D nutcracker
Four!
....Batman has a ....BatBat?
giant nutcracker bots are very cheaply made
how are y'all?
well, they chosed another key to play the nutcracker in XD
home run!
...
Dat horrible pun.
that pun
haha
Boooooo~
bat man
hai Dken2021
DO HO HO
fuck you robin
Oh Robin, that was bad. . .
Haha
Joker should really find a new robotics expert
OH REALLY
punny
hai Michael :D
One day a minion is going to be accurate
ded
He ded
nope
so whats this theN?
the end
dem cartoon physics
NOT THE BEAR
why wub woo :/
I love you too.
Super Jumbo Teddy
oh god...
oh boy
The kiddies get the present
and they didn't think to look behind the GIANT curtain why?
All right, I need o take off. It's lunch time!
10$ saying its a bomb
haha
LOL
See ya later, Everlasting_Joy
lmao
:D
pony1553: you lose 10$
bye Everlasting_Joy
That's great :D
WORTH IT!
badman mad
darn
bye Everlasting_Joy
Bye Everlasting_Joy :)
take care Everlasting_Joy
Wrek: why don't you like gamefreak?
destroy city to hit batman with a pie
bye Everlasting_Joy
LOLWA
T
a boiling pot of lava... how original...
bye Everlasting_Joy :)
batman is not amused
Sundaysmile: joker logic
Much has been attributed to trolling on this IRC. The Joker is a troll in the truest sense.
Fake arms XD
that's why I love him
drop him
GODDAMMIT BATMAN
^^^
ok i'm back
aww
test failed
See ya guys on friday
Batman never kills
i think
welcome back Gamefreak324
HUMBUG
http://cheezburger.com/6482186240
Wb Gamefreak324
:D
Falalala lalalala la la la.
if more batman
Batman TRUSTED the Joker's gift to not kill or hurt him because he understands how the Joker thinks.
joker is amused
can anypony take over the stream
next one is sc-
episode aren't following
Dat jazz
Gamefreak324 uh why?
AND THEN I THREW A ROCK!
how nice
Oh, is it this one? :O
now that the joker is in prison, he will no longer be a thred... EVER!
IT IS
He knows that the Joker just wants a good chase.
Sumica made a custom playlist
why dosnt batman build joker his own prison?
Gamefreak324: Only mods and it's currently taken
This one is one of NC's favorites IIRC.
more batman?
Inb4 a dumb rock.
yea, in his top 11
half and half :D
I have a habit of catching something once then seeing it again but its the same ep
...
He's a robot.
where's nittany? :p
Clearly.
batman's a robot, I knew it
Poison Ivy~ <3
^
yfw most of main villains play cards on the weekends
i'd pay to see robot batman
Poisen Ivy... I love that song
xD
...
To hit you with a truck.
This episode is SO well written.
sudden thunder on my end :/
my face
>no ladies
Meanwhile in the truck
/me in the truck?
Joker really is the best troll.
^
http://cheezburger.com/6469257984
Better than Discord?
CriticKitten, it comes with experience.
penis
oenis
oedf
Punch
penis
pensihd
is it sexy time already?
penis
thank you kickbot
sometimes, I wish that one day, the word troll lose its popular meaning
how come batcman gets all the crazy women
CAPTAIN OBVIOUS
Inb4 repeat performance.
In retrospect, having flammable objects near my pumpkin patch was a stupid thing to do.
they crazy hot, sexy women
no kill him!
lmao dat spam
Dem hips
run her over
She ded
the magic utility belt!
it drives it self
Good thinking there Pamela.
Why do they never jump to the side?
sexy time?
hump that pole
nope
no
In retrospect, trying to escape from the remote-controlled car by climbing up something that the car could easily plow through at it's momentum was a stupid thing to do.
2 million in 2-dollar bills?
dat coin
2 million in two dollar bills.
2 mil in $2 bills?
But....why? You'd never be able to use them. XD
KO
is he trying to troll Taco Bell?
:D
2mil in $2 bills?
Reallly?
man, it's like he's obsessed with two alternate or something
What is it with chat and Taco Bell recently? lol
FYI $2 are legal tender in the US
why dosent any villan just shoot him in the face
erm... Batman had the belt in the next shot right after it got removed...
and now its gone again :/
Because they're all stupid.
This bit is hilarious
Really really stupid.
dat obsession with the coin
long forkmift is long
But that's not a win/lose....
yup
oh noes
lolwut
Wow, he's good
oh no
head
NOT MY COIN D:
ded
OW
ouch
owned
Ded
That probably hurt a bit.
ded
they just got crushed by a giant penny
HE KILLED TO KILL ME WITH A FORKLIIIIIIFT
DED
dem eyes
OLE!
I loved the tapes in the arkham games
extreme forklift driving!
they should be PANCAKES!!!
harvey
:D
here we go
LOL
I threw a rock at him.
Two-face shows alot of his obsession about that coin
...
that story
and he missed
A rock :O
...
best theory
It was a big rock.
That is the best story
XD
Rocks fall, noone dies.
Needs moar rocks.
Cool story bro
Best story ever
story**
sun I'm dissapoint
that is best story
It was a BIG rock :D
It's a rock and it's giant
When even the Joker isn't smiling you know you aren't funny.
i threw a rock at him
Pingeun
*crickets chirp*
lol
Uuuuhhh...
zoo
Batman's got the best villains
http://images2.fanpop.com/images/user_images/DanBackslide-405242_576_432.jpg
What MadSurge said
gased
wrong umbrella...
condors? what can he do with condors?
Pengiun just looped Surfin Bird in a frequency only Batman could hear :P
Why does he slowly walk after him instead of snagging his legs with the hookshot?
DC has the best villains
....Aviary of Doom XD
Or...you know, running a bit faster and then beat his head in.
Anticipating a trap
Pengers?
Meanwhile safing energy
aviary of doom
Oh, THIS episode.
SnooPENGERS usual I see.
allo Kencolt !
hummers!!
Killer hummingbirds@!
*!
deadly hummingbirds
Poison hummingbirds!
hai Kencolt
Hi.
Death by Humminbird
lol
Hey Kencolt :)
attack of the killer humming birds
erm... clever
So the hummingbirds are just hungry
there's a sweet hummingbird and a giant monarch butterfly
Hai Nittany_Discord
party hard
oh shit son is this some batman the animated series?
11,01Hi AttacktheAndalite
DED
hai Nittany_Discord
Buytoast: Eeyup
They ded :'(
poor birds :(
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
Buytoast, eeyup
Hummingbirds can't fly in rain. That's just science.
poor birds
Nittany_Discord! HI!
Hello Nittany_Discord! :D
hey nit
their weakness is slow pressure water
Hai Nittany_Discord :)
Murder chicken.
lol, killer bird
death by ostrich
/me dusts Nittany_Discord.
how educative
I have news for you :)
11,01Hi everypony else.
11,01And thanks for dusting me.
allo Nittany_Discord !
Death by chocobo.
You're welcome :3
/me glomps Nittany_Discord
http://pixelgrater.com/2012/08/06/ea-stock-to-go-free-to-play/ -- (satire) :p
Hi Discord
DED
http://derpy.me/R8tiY lol
the hell kind of bird was that
man, all this animal abuse
is it laging for anyone else
go batman! stab that ostrich with a hummingbird, yeah!
nope
oh man, is this the card game one?
yup
no lag here for me
Dat Harley.
11,01Ryunosuke: The signs are good.
yay harley
/me 11,01dusts Meanwhile with a cloud
gotta love that leidmotif
<3 Harley
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2940/
/me is wet.
oh my
Harley Best GF you will ever have
dat ass
I wonder if Joker has ever reved up his Harley
11,01Now I need to get this Jmo4267 off of me!
Never. :<
Well I finally got my computer upgraded
Shooeie, reved up?
Dken2021 is "leidmotif" really the english word?
/me vacuums Nittany_Discord
Rimshot.
Dem jokes
11,01Everyone loves to clean the maid here. So nice!
i'd watch this show
Nittany_Discord: Of course! :P
They just /can't/ shoot him in the head can they.
"laughmeter"
Lil_B yea, just another name
Meanwhile: Too easy.
Meanwhile: that would be no fun at all
11,01Fun "Game:" http://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/582098_503202346362660_166641869_n.jpg
the vilians always monolog
Oh my god, I was away for a while and suddenly, Batman! The freakin' Dark knight is on!
Meanwhile, Joker will never kill batman and vice versa
CriticKitten: He's the goddamn Batman, just shoot him damnit.
that robin
December 14. Fml.
Dken2021 sry, I just curious, there is just a german word I know and it seems like they just adopted it :)
Nittany_Discord: Getting for a crime i didn't do by zecora
why would applejack show embarrising videos of me? :(
Octavia reads my diary out in public...
Is that Tara as Harley
WHY SOARIN'
Nittany_Discord: Getting framed*
Wat O________0
Meanwhile: But HE'S NOT WEARING HOCKEY PADS. :|
Nittany_Discord: Rainbow dash shares my fan art of her.....
HHAHAHAHA
CriticKitten: WHERE ARE THEY
Lil_B yea, most english word I know are derivative of german words
Sweetie Belle spreads embarassing photos of me? *looks frantically for these photos*
isn't tara only the harley from arkham city?
Tara is best Harley
/me 11,01has to star in an embarrassing play with Rainbow Dash (not bad since RD is my favorite).
december 6th is best scenario
Buytoast yup
how is he not dead yet?!
CATWOMAN OMIGOD
catwoman
CAT FIGHT
Catwoman outta nowhere.
...I wished Bronystate could show more of this, not to say this is one of the best cartoons besides ponies...
11,01March and May are the least "Do not wants" for me.
Nittany_Discord: Lucky you :D
Nittany_Discord, it's Rainbow Dasg FORCES you to star
....hax!
as in she won't be in
At least you don't have December Nittany_Discord
11,01But it's with Rainbow Dash.
haxor
Catwoman v Indiana Jones
daww
Catwoman!
11,01Jmo4267: I know.
it froze
Woohoo!!!
The pain.
october is my least "do not want" because it happens on a daily basis
Inb4 It's gonna blow moment
Nittany_Discord, there's no with
Nittany_Discord, where do you find these "games?"
I'm gonna regret MAy
Bonk.
I pity myself and anybody in January
this is good
re-poker :D
Oh snap Batman: TAS!
lol dat poison ivy face
LOL
wow, what a dick
I remember this episode, this was number 1 on Nostalgia Critic's top 11 Batman TAS Episodes.
Remember that Killer Croc had the worst story?
11,01AttacktheAndalite: Some friend posted it on Facebook.
Surprise.
LOLWUT
WUT
11,01I'll post it in the SC group.
THROW A ROCK
Gotcha
Dang it I missed "I threw a rock a him!"
Nittany_Discord: And all the reactions to the SC group....
Surprise.
Are you a Spy
shit
guns
*click*
suddenly cops
owned
batman has a mob, you are fucked
That's a lot of guns
guns everywhere
thats a alot cops
Best undercover police ever
ALL the guns!
BronyInstrumental: ALL the guns?
batman owns!
AttacktheAndalite: ALL of them.
Hey Nittany quick question, which movie's being shown first, the Pirates films or Indy?
Most of the guns.
11,01I don't really have embarrassing photos, so November would be fine because it couldn't happen.
What a twist, no wonder why this is Doug's favorite episode.
Nittany_Discord: Same
11,01Lemme check.
Of course the conveyor belt is slow as hell
I don't have any embarassing photos either.
Or not.
LOLNOPE
OWNED
NOPE
troll
xD
Help!!
I love Harley
Troll
Nittany_Discord: october happens to me on a daily basis anyway so it wouldn't be much of a bother to me
fail
pwnd
Harley hardly is the sharpest knife in the drawer
THE GODDAMN BATMAN
Okay, I gotta agree with NC. That is one of the best epis.
Same here...
*episodes.
kinky
Gone with the wind.
If Chuck Noris was a superhero...
haha
rejected
Spoiler they have a son together
friend zoned
It would be that guy.
Oh, I've found another birthday game.
HAhahaha
OH SHIT
YESYESYESYESYES!!!
That was great
Oh shieettttt
wut
PILOT?
no!
no
oh look, it's that special
Woo hoo! More! M-
...Ohhh no...
Aww yea seaponies tiime
omg G1 ponies
G1. Score.
yus
G1
Yay, Ponies
I liked G1.
oh my god!
Great
G1 pilot time
all I can say is yus
Is the first one or the second one?
OH GOD, NOT THIS!
G1 is easily the best old generation of MLP
first one iirc
First
Inb4 smooze
MegaMoonShine, I see.
Lets spot AJ
YES!!!
hay everypony. looks like somepony requested ponies xD
Smooze ain't in thus
Before ponies was awesome and before Bronies was bronies
TWILIGHT!!!
hai Invi
Bronysith: Because G2 and 3 SUCKED INSANELY.
Gona turn this up for everyone at work
that's not twilight!
The first one is the one with the Sea Ponies. The second one is the one with the Smooze.
hay Michael ^^
Invi nope, was on queue , also hai
I wish I wish I wish!
I WISH
/me glomps Invi
wut
read a book twilight
/me glomps Invi surprisingly no its aplaylist
Twilight: MOM?!
/me huggles Lil_B ^^
I wish I wish I was a fish.
Kencolt, we never saw anything of G2. You're probably thinking G1.5
shit, don't tell me someone requested ponies ...
There's pre-Rainbow Dash
Applejack!
Who's a silly pony?
Sauce anyone?
Applesawwce!
Whos a silly pony you are who is APPLEJACK
Spectrum_Rush, hm is sumi streaming? :D
Rainbow dash, I mean.. who is that?
the cheesiness
OH GOD
it hurts
all the follicing around with rainbows and giddy lauther, nothing could go wrong
lmao
:O
Hat who is it is applejack
Invi: kind of
dat lick
Pre-Rainbow Dash crashes into proto-Applejack
/me pulls Lil_B and Spectrum_Rush to the couch and nomz popcorn out of a top hat
No, you're an earth pony
Inb4 Tirac.
run!
No, Ember, you won't ever do anything special like us. :D
nothing could go wrong?
spontaneous storming
Are we gonna watch the whole thing?
EEEE!
SPIKES!!!
Invi: wat XD
Suddenly fuckin' dragons.
wtf?!
Meanwhile: I think it's spelled Tirek. I forgottet
Suddenly MLP gets dark as fuck
Spectrum_Rush :D
Applejack was the only G1 Pony that haven't got her design changed much, just add a cowboy hat...and there, G4 Applejack...
all of my wat
What in Oblivion's name is that?!
I wonder what else of this Hasbro managed to hold onto besides Applejack.
CLOPPED!
You know, for kids.
Suddenly here comes the He-Man/Thundercats reject villians
Pony rolL!
^
you don't even see this shit coming?
TEE-RACK.
D-rack?
this is the only reason why i love g1
why is this so cool?
G4 is best generation, G1 is... meh.
canterlot?
13http://twitpic.com/ag8j1w
Skorpan: The Barbarian monkey-human thing
It's dangerous to go alone. Take this!
^
Oh noooo
So yeah
Isn't Spike fully grown in this
MLP is for kids
And small girls
riiiight
VenHur G1 is most brutal gen O.o
And screw G2, G3, and G3.5.
Because 80's RainBowJack
Well, kids tend to have a short attention span. If the peace lasted much longer, their target audience would've gone to sleep.
spike!
Shizuka: dem UFO
LOL
13it's quite identified
Spike gained some weight.
oh my God, G1
spike is reeaally annoying
Spike foreveralone
G1 one spike must die!!
No one likes spike
13that's curiosity on descent
Oh, right. Hasbro also held on to Spike.
Sumapan>Scorpan
/me pokes WallDives :3
Why do you need four to pull your chariot?
i know that voice
SILENCE OR I WILL KILL YOU!
/me is poked.
(Suddenly all girls cried9
Most chariots don't. O.o
Spike y u no shut up.
I NEED PONI
'
been a while since I've been in here...
Dat hoof
CriticKitten be kinda awkward to pull a chariot with two
Meghan and Applejack <3
Is there a G1 crossover fic
Bacon!!
humans!
issent he the voice of the narator of Transformes the animeated movie?
Bacon and Applejack
What are humans doing there?!
RaveBrony BAcon and applejack
Hello
TALKING PONY
never request ponies here
OH MAI GOD
Say what you will... Tirec is Nightmare Fuel compared to everything pre-G4.
Hello :$
Talking pony.
Flying_Narwhal it's the real world
Invi: Yes!
PONI
TALKING PONY!?
BACON!!!
Dken2021: Actually most of the time chariots were pulled with two. Horses weren't exactly in massive supply. :P
Dat laughing pony
Sumi have you heard of the babershop version of the seapony song? ^^
FireFlye!
wat
Talking pony thinking who is that other pony
Wait, AJ is naed "TJ"? O:o
Megan got over the whimsy of a talking pony pretty quick :D
I cannot take any more.
poor RL Pony :( it will get forgotten :(
Firefly is best pony
:O
speaking of which, how the heck did Firefly get to the real worls?
Quick, ride the talking flying pony.
FUN FACT! Rainbow Dash was based off of Fire Fly
You know, just cause.
Dken2021: She really REALLY flied
Dken2021: Magic
See ya later TJ
Well, the difference between G3 and this is that STORY happens here, and not in G3
SUICIDE for kids
Riding skill increased to 225
Song time.
humans in MLP? no please
Deal with it.
Yeah o course Firefly is best G1 pony since she's the basisi for RD
SINGING!!
Michael, ikr?
First use of ponyfeathers?
Michael: Yes plz
NOT A SONG!!!
Yeah, I would freak out too if I was raised in the 80s and was higly drugged up to see a talking pony, now in the 2010s, that's another story...
:o
I wanna see Meghan in MLP FIM
Michael: Honestly i would say this is a fine exception
But I know it's an impossibility
a lil off key
killerpony7733: i know but no in G4
LAUGHING OUT OF LOUD
OMG
SHE LOLLED!
O.O
FIRST EVER recorded LOL!
:D
So where watching G1
i hope they make a G4 movie\
A legit Lol
Thrackerzod thaty we are
^
there IS a human in the MLP S2 Intro :P
Thrackerzod, here
Michael: Can't say that unless they try. You never know if the writers could make it work
Lil_B: Woot?
Why can't you believe? You're talking to a flying horse!
Or a G1/G4 movie
If S3 is really going to be 13 episodes, that would be the only justification.
I believe in magic
Lil_B: I'm not sure if Madame Foster counts as human. She's STRANGE.
Yes JESmith71!
Cypresswolf, a flying pink horse talking with flashes on her butt
lawl seen that. :D
I wonder what kind of drugs Megan is on that makes a flying talking pink pony not that strange.
Vordox look closly in the train at the beginning, there is madame foster :P
:D
Uh, guys, imagine a tribute to this episode when the Mane 6 finds a well and visit the human world.
Dragonborn save us!
Clopp'd!
heya folks
Ded
oh god
Well she lasted long...
what is this
VenHur something like inyuyasha?
hai Straisin
*inuyasha
DED
hey mike
JESmith71, that ending
oh god
Thanks Scamper!
wat
my eyes, they're burning
heya Straisin :)
they saved her?
allo Straisin
Dken2021: Yeah, even though I haven't watched Inyuyasha.
Straisin: Why?
hmm.
Bronystate has a Teminus Bot now.
interesting.
the quality of this video plus me being tired vordox
You dont say
teminus bot?
it has? haven't noticed
oh, BerryPunch
yeah.
Straisin: G1 = Good, G4 = Greater, Rest = meh
SIIIIILENCE.
Scorpan = THE HERO
are you sure this is my little pony?
he is eeevil
Straisin: This is G1 Where ALL MLP came from
You know, for kids.
Gee, I dunno
da power of darkness!!
is that Lauren at the middle?
G1 = Alright, G2 = Game, G3 = GAH, G4 = Godly
You know, if you can survive the annoying character of Spike, and the terrible songs in the series, then this would of been a decent generation.
darkneesssss
Vordox: The other G's has comical effect for me honestly it's funny to watch something that bad
Hey its Sven
Straisin: This was the FIRST EVER MLP film.
ember run!!!
VenHur: it WAS a decent
We need a G1/G4 movie
Heads...gonna roll
Anyone agree
<--- G1 Brony before bronies became mainstream :P
I could see how it would've been considered good back when it was made
Oh, and Hasbro, PLEASE bring this villain back in Season 3!
Them Moblins
Inb4 shoo be doo.
in the mushroom?
Inb4 seaponies
Beheadings - FOR KIDS!
HERE WE GO
Fail AJ
Applejack you suck at walking.
inb4 song
Wow, fucking huge river
Time for best part
fail Bacon
Okay everybody, prepare your singing voices
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
SHOO BEE DOO!
heer it coomes
And now comes best song
SHOO BE DOO
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo.
shoo be doo. shoo shoo be doo
Incomming!
Inb4 scene we see everytime Sumi streams
look at them super drowning skills
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
STOP HARINF ON APPLEJACK
xD
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DO
the hell was she expecting to happen
bahaha
here it comes
SHOO BE DOO!!!
Suddenly wtf
Shoo be doo time!
OH NO NOT THE SEA PONIES!!!!!
:D
OH GOD WHY
Sumica you ending stream?
Best song
lol
Lawl RainBowJack :D
No, you won't. Save her that is. Because she's a freaking pony and a LOT heavier than you think.
RainBowJack: Nope it's part of the movie
....o.0
Inb4 Bacon and Applejack.
Thanks for streaming, Sumica
THEY BARELY DID ANYTHING!!
Shoo be doo!!
Megan & AJ: Hello! Running out of air here! >_< STOP PUSHING THE BUBBLE!
anypony agree with G4 seaponies?
SEAPONIES WOOHOO!
Imagine this movie being a REAL series with 13 episodes or 26... IT WOULD BE GODLY!
Michael, I wanted that from a good long while ago
killerpony7733 : i was kidding i know but when ever Sumica ends stream this will come
dat would be awesome
I really don't want to see G4 Sea Ponies. I'd rather this only be about land/sky-based ponies.
Michael: I do! *hoofs up*
SEA PONIES SEA PONIES SIMP,LY SIGNAL SOS!
RainBowJack: Well lets see, But i kinda doubt it
sea ponies in g4 would give me nightmares
It's Bacon & Applejack - part of this balance breakfast
SEAPONIES YOU BARELY DID ANYTHING
Eht wahs greht
G4 Seaponies would be berbiscuits.
its bacon and applejack
IT WAS GRATE
Dat bacon
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
It was Grape.
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
this is so fell made actually, yet ti looks somehow really awfull :/
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
face it, the only chance of sea ponies in G4 is if they are profitable now for the toy line
Dat Shoo Be Doo
It's actually VERY fun
Shrooms.
Duuuude.
it's the trippy kingdom
To see G1 being the inspiration for G4 :D
They ought to turn the Mane 6 into Sea Ponies
oh god no
THEY`RE HIGH!1
Too many shrooms
This dude is a fucking creep
Mushroom Biome! where's the mooshrooms?
mogic? like magic with an o?
It's easy, since Zecora or Twilight could do it
Gnomes were eradicated from Equestria by the Smooze
and then the writters got high
How can it be a rainbow of darkness?
OK. Nightmare Moon did it better.
dat VA
This place is kinda... JUICY!
he has magic mushrooms xDDD
sorry
the crap am I watching?
Oh, looks like the ponies ended up in the world of Lucky Charms.
Cypresswolf: Smooze in G4...
:D
Dat Tony Randall
[Alpha]: g1 ponies
Angel!
aren't rainbows already of light?
That, or the ponies ended up in the Mushroom Kingdom.
I might be crazy but the middle pony http://i.imgur.com/Auy9C.png
Eat one of the shrooms, youlll see Plenty
And then he fucking trashed his own house
i always thught that rainmbows, per definition, are made out of light
NOT ANOTHER SONG!!
Whhat CrimsonPhoenix ?
LAUREN FAUSE?!
SONGS
ARE
GOOD
Da hell am i watching?
FOR
U
*faust
This is last song
VenHur, is seeing it
THANKFULLY, JESmith71
A dragon's hoard has nothing on Mr Mochic
it's not an Alicorn of course but....
I thasn't even been a full five minutes since the last song and there's another song. This movie is like an album with a movie behind it
Twilight's mum knows a magic mushroom guy...
Holla everypony! :)
*It hasn't
hay GilDash ^^
Hai GilDash :)
howdy GilDash :)
hai GilDash
Meanwhile: :D
My god, Lauren Faust DOES seen the future. Hooray!
omg
Oh there it is- cuts song short
Hai GilDash
Angel FTW!
hey thar GilDash
GilDash, it's in the garden :D
lali-ho GilDash
G'day GilDash
WHAT IS HAPPENING I JUST JOINED
That's not Angel! :O
VenHur: dat would be epic :D
WHO THE FUCK ASKED FOR PONIES?! ):<
derpface: SONG :$
Invi: What? :S
Tony Randall Can Not Sing Well.
derpface, G1 MLP pilot
almost sounde like Discorde
sonicandmario85: Lawl
derpfaces PONI
Damnit rabbit.
I SEE A RANDOM OLD GUY SINGING
GilDash the rainbow. the magic mushroom guy said so
derpface: We're watching Sea Ponies uncut.
VenHur and you prefer the bully one over this one?
Poor Angel inspirered bunny
Oooooh. Oh I guess that song was pointless then.
Haha
wait is this G1?
no g4
indeed
sonicandmario85: Yep
Yes, it's G1
the RRRRRRRRRainbow!
sonicandmario85 why yes it is
Dken2021: ...Weeell, now that I think about it...
He's got bunnies hidden all over the place, in case of bunny emergency
Nope, this is the new G4 episode.
:D
Invi: Oh. Tell him I'll catch up with him later. I've got a rubber ducky to talk to about night dust first.
ok good its better than g3 and g2
that doesnt look like rainbow...
sonicandmario85 eeyup. back all these years, even gir cartoons had violence :D
XD
MID
NIGHT
CASTLE
OHNOOOOOOO
Nice looking place.
Amazing animation for it's time <3
da sea ponies!!!
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
OH THE SEA PONIES YAY
SHOO BE DOO
shoo be doo
SHOO BE DOO SHOO SHOO BE DOO
Shoo be doo shoo shoo be doo.
Chekov's Sea Ponies?
YEA
maybe you could call uopn them
SHOO bE DOOO
GilDash you can stil call upon the seaponies
REALLY?
How did the sea ponies get up there?
11,01JESmith71: I think it'll be Indiana Jones followed by Pirates today.
fly hacks
Sea pony labour.
Cypresswolf they were summoned
Cypresswolf magic mushrooms
Cypresswolf becasue seaponies
Invi: I'm not in distress though. I wouldn't want to keep them from anypony. :)
Pirtates argggh
WOW This is so intense
YARR
Oh, this again? :3
So hardcore
Pirates life is the life for me.
Seaponies are magic.
i just peed myself nuff said
LAwl
i like the throne design for this centaur
Imagine seeing the villains from the pilot in Season 3...DO WANT!
Cypresswolf: thay're narwhals. unicorns of the sea
:D
SCORPAN I WANT IN G4!
why does everypony think this is G4? G4 has better animation than this
oh someone sing the narwhal song
ewww spike
Turns out Scorpan isn't a bad guy. Go figure.
That sudden betrayal
Scorpan in Season 3!
Thanks Nittany. I wanted to plan my schedule around what film was being shown first
sonicandmario85: Err No
Vordox: Yeah :O
Totally Legit!
woah...g1?
AppleJack REALLY fails in this Generation :D
lol
AJ NOOOO
No its g4
Yup.
nuff said
Sea pony and Scorpan ep is a MUST
NOT APPLEJACK
WHY do they all have ribbons on their tails?
Nooo, Applejack!
yup...definatly g4
nuuuuuu
THESE PONIES ARE NOT REAL PONIES
Kencolt isn't it cute?
Noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
APPLEJACK IS DED
Not Applejack! :O
THEY ARE DEMONS
Welp.
:O Applejack was a demon?
Dken2021: Um... no.
Scorpan to the RESCUES!
so dragons are evil?
Grab'd
[Alpha] spike not :3
If Scorpan killed the original Applejack, chance's are you'll cause a time paradox in Equestria!
Keep in mind that most of the elements of G1 belong to Marvel. All that we can be sure of that didn't are Applejack and Spike.
they look like Zelda Moblins
FOOOOR KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIDSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!
I wonder what Applejack's gonna tell Applebloom
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
VenHur he didn't killed her
Scorpaaan!
does that sound familier to you?
Vordox: IKR?
ded
:O the night that never ends?
Ded
NIghtmare moon called
SO MUCH ACTION TOO INTENSE
BITCHSLAP
she wants her lines back
He has wings?
Dat iconic image
=3
damn...and people say g1 is girly...
Invi: Just kidding.
Double Loop!
00,10So you all having fun?
And he has wings, thus he falls ... wait, WHAT?
troll ponies
Sumica, no
rabidsonic220: I know, aint it fun when idiots talks?
Sumica: You know it!!
Sumica: yus
Yesh :)
Sumica well yeah
I WISH
luna was one of the kidnapped ponies
Sumica: Yes
I WISH!!!
yeah
Sumica: yeah
shut spikie you did jack!1
Vordox:this is not g4 its G1 if it was g4 it wouldent be so old G4 was created in 2010 G4 is where bronies came from :P
actually this isn't as bad as i thought it would be
Who wished?
<.<
I wish I could hack the world. And oh so I can.
TELeportation hacks
n
I wish I wish I wish i was a fish
Teleportation!
noob
Tel'por'!
rabidsonic220: I would prefer this over the actual series any day.
THE POWER IS YOURS
miiiine
fail
THE POWER IS MINEEEEEEEEEEEEE HE MAN
MIIIIIINES
agreed
:D
o wrong qoute
Dat rainbow.
Tinyyyyyy
they way he pointed his Finger looked like "OBJECTION!"
Sumica: Did someone ask for ponies? Or is this just your treat? :P
BEHOLD!
DARKNOLOGY!
FUCK YOUR RAINBOW
OMG
troll rainbow
TASTE THE RAINBOW MUDDADFAKAAAAA
TASTE THE RAINBOW MUTHAFUCKA!
WOAH
taste the rainbowwww
The moral of the story, kids, is this: it's not the size that counts, it's how you use it.
EXPLOSIONS cause of FOR KIIIIDSSSSSSSSS!
rabidsonic220: Now the real question is, imagine THIS as the season 3 premiere episode, minus the mushroom village, the humans, etc.
this scene looks like the Rainbod that defeated Discord
Ho damn!!
you could say, it was a rainbow in the dark <.<
sonicandmario85: G1 is the origin of seaponies, your argument is invalid
ORBITAL FREIDNSHIP CANNON
Outta my way buffer.
and thus skittles were born
DEAD!
TASTE THE RAINBOW, MOTHERBUCKER!
that would be badass
that rainbow isn`t colored right...
the elemants of harmony are born
00,10no turning the bag guy good in this show.
Dat exploded villian, so much kids
bag guy
Sumica: The bag guy?
00,10they just kill em outright
...
i just read ALL of jappleack's tumblr posts
Prince?
Sumica: YES :D
YOU DON'T SAY
...
seems legit
And Tirec is literally tporn to pieces. Kids show.
bag guy is best villain
seriously? xD
DAFUQ?
the guy sounds stoned
He's weally a pwince!
Look, already Koridai is returning to harmony. The birds are singing, isn't it beautiful?
nuff said
lawl mica :D It's true
I've always had an obnoxious voice!
that was funny as hell!
Spiiike :D
and you will always be a baby :/
fail
everyone laughs!
MegaMoonShine: Golly!
Dat sneeze.
HAHAHA
and he still is
HAHAHAHAHAH
Gamefreak324, that's nice
The end :3
HAHAHA we almost died
its oveeeeeeeeer
is it over
/me claps
My Little Pony!! My Little Pony!
um why are we watching this
NOoooooooooooooooooooooo
<3 G1, I have it on VHS since the 1980s...
??
And now you've seen Rescue from Midnight Castle. Don't you feel better for it?
Gamefreak324 why not?
As I said, I'm one of the oldest Bronies here :P
now go read Discored Whooves
That's not too bad
Vordox, :D
I'm going back to work :)
because it's terrible
00,10and now for somthing totaly diffrent
Well...the pilot episode was...actually watchable...WHAT THE BUCK JUST HAPPENS TO MY SANITY?!
BETTER NOT SHOW G3.5!
Work work.
have fun Cypresswolf ^^
TRIGUN
YES.
Vordox how old are you if I may ask?
yyyeahhh
YES
GUNS
Suddenly Trigun
Meanwhile: no, because I already saw it :D
trigun!!!
Ah, Trigun FTW
Fire Fly is best pony
Awwwwwwww shit!
that...was pretty damn cool
FUCK YEAH!!!
VASH!!!
Trigun?
wuts this?
trigun FTW
well at least most bronies don't enjoy it
FOR KIDS you know
Aaaahhhh yeaaah!
Lil_B: 27, and been a Brony since the 1989s I think it was
THing is, this was VERY VERY random. It just sort of happened... where G4 seems to have some worldbuilding.
oh wait
and then anime
Gotta love Trigun.
nvm it isnt
But then I turned Non brony due to other MLP :P
GriTun!
neat
this makes me think of trigun
i <3 this so much
HELL YEAH!!
first episode?
Trigun, hell yeah!
Never saw this series
oh hell yeah
WINNING!!
childhood
Vordox how long were you in the fandom for?
SO EPIC MONTAGE
i never watched dis before...
Shut up and take all of my EPIC WIN!
nvr seen this before
Dken2021: What fandom? THERE WASN'T A PUBLIC INTERNET back then
BAM
Me neither
Kids these days
me neither ^^
IN YO FACE
Trigun, such a great series. Shame it's short.
00,10so yeah same studio that made red line
all of my YES
One does not simply 'check in' on Bronystate
GIANT FAT MAN
Vordox oh :) well, that was 3 years befor I even was born XD
Jmo4267: Err Short?
Vordox a RL fandom maybe? >.>
oh well id watch this over G2 and G3 and G1 g1s kinda good though
Sumica, is this the first episode?
Internet derpaaage
00,10no
Vordox: In my opinion anyways, I wanted more :P
G3 is best nuff said
this pleases me
Invi: Yeah.. Good luck finding that in the 180s :P
well bye
Love and peace, motherbuckers!
Jmo4267: There IS more.. What are you talking about?
bye CrimsonPhoenix
Jmo4267: The manga is several volumes :P
Well, there were such things as fandom at least as far back as Howdy Doody, even before ARPANet existed.
See? Even Fluttershy agreed with me.
Later CrimsonPhoenix :)
yay
Vordox thre probably was a group in secret
Kandarihu: When you were 4? :P
Vordox: Touche.
I NEED AN ADAULT
I love u all
adult
Vordox, Elvis had one even earlier >.>
Bronystate teaches me all the good shows
Vordox, Howdy Doody was before I was born.
DUDE PERSONAL SPACE
You guys don't know about exposure and gatherings, do you?
O.o
I would love that
alcohols better than bullets XD
that guy's pretty drunk
Star Trek Fandom. I was THERE... for the original broadcast. Pre net. Pre intyerweb. When fanzines were PHYSICAL. Old times.
Hat, all the popular shows. Frankly, I doubt there would be much of a chance that Dennou Coil would get streamed on here. But that's one of those underrated anime.
00,10I kinda wonder what older gen collecters think about bronys
mohawk! the mohawk!
Kencolt: Yeah but MLP had HOW many viewings compared to Star Trek? =P
60 billion double dollars
Double Dollars?
Double dollars?
Sumica: "About time" :P
Haha!
...double dollars?!
Kencolt were the cons like something you see today?
THAT`S A GIRL?!?!?!
Sumica, I saw an article about that
DOUBLE DOLLARS?
I know Toonami is back on Adult Swim and all that crap, but please bring this back, or make a reboot out of it.
dat vash :D
MegaMoonShine: that's what i was thinking
VASH sounds like DASH
Lil_B yeah it has double the size and half the value :D
iam so smart
Dat Dubbing feels so fail =P
he seems nice
Trigun's get ALL the fangirls.
LAWL
"Hey Idiot"
"Yeah"
Vordox, it's a normal English dub.
XD
Invi dem Reichsmark XD
:D
DED
REALLY?
lol
Hey Invi!
Kandarihu: Very old dubs had ... alot of "Issues"
hay MadSurge ^^
Dat Doom sound
/me cuddles MadSurge ^^
that was... a Standard Mule sound ...
Vordox: Well, MLP has more propagation... because of the web. We didn't even have VCR back then. EVERYTHING was broadcast-- and only that and syndication after.
i see little ponys in the background
Dat drunk.
RAPE
Imagine if Funimation redub this...fucking...yes.
creepy drunk
xD
Kencolt: People meet at Cinemas = Gatherings, MLP had VHS; Home sighted.
NOW KISS
what
Rapw
Rape
Kencolt: As I said, exposure and gatherings =P
Dat flail
RAPE RAPE!!!
Lolwat?
and no one helps xD
You know, for tv
struggling only makes it wose
lol
Lol
xD
GYAAAAAAAAAAH
:o
MadSurge it's fuunny just how many games, and programms still use doom sounds, because they didn't trademarked the soudneffects XD
why is this happening
Vordox, I know. The first anime series I watched was Go Lion (only knew of it as Voltron). I never even knew that it was foreign.
w...t...f
ITS NOT GAY
BARF
Lil_B: Ikr :D
Kandarihu: O.o That's pretty good then For it's time :P
derpface: Not that there is anything wrong with that
IKR
Vordox, well, now I hear that it was horribly censored.
00,10that is come crapy barrle
3 inches off
Kandarihu: 4Kid censored or normal? :P
lol
derp face
:D
:D
hello everypony
lali-ho CCCP !
hai CCCP :D
6_9
Hi CCCP! :$
how you doing CCCP
This guys sounds like Charile Sheen
THUP CCCP
hi-ho CCCP
Hey Grandma!
Lol!!
Obba-chan
woah woah wait. why do I see the horrible company known as 4kids in the chat
Hiya CCCP :P
Sparkle sparkle sparkle
weird gun
ohai Mark CCCP
dat jazz
Huh? Where? I don't see 4Kids.
hip?
rabidsonic220: EA; Dreamworks; 4Kids; Wall Street
NOW I CAUSeD HAVOC
VenHur: FUCK YEAH Sparkle Sparkle Sparkle!
hay CCCP again ^^
hi Dken2021 Michael MadSurge alexxm pony1553 BronyInstrumental RaveBrony Lil_B and Invi
I don't know. It seems that it was more violent than the usual Super Robot anime of it's time. It was totally tame for a kid of, I don't remember how old I was, probably 3 or 4.
dat mass ping :D
hey guys whats a brony?
im drinking ice tea right now :3
derpface I heard it's a chocolate treat
derpface: i dunno, what's that?
derpface its a food
REALLY?
A damned idiot. Vash. Sounds about right.
okay
derpface an edeble delicatesse
derpface: it's a town in poland
derpface: a Brony is a viewer of MLP FIM(And pre Generations too)
Oh
^^^
dem happy people
that sneeze
derpface:a male who likes the show my little pony friendship is magic
And the cat.
derpface: A brony is a pony that watches My Little Sea Ponys... The end!
hooray for idiot mayors
dat cat
O.O dem eyes
meow
KITTY
sonicandmario85: Not male
I SWEAR SHE LOOKS LIKE HE
kitty!
lol
Vordox: whaddya mean? it's a town in poland!
Lolwut
HOHOHOHOHOHOHO
IKR
BronyInstrumental: LAWL! A city named Brony!?
That magazine :S
dat lighter
That's right, bitch. lolol
/me 11,01dusts MaidSurge
Vordox: i'll pm something to u
im drinking ice tea in real life right now
BronyInstrumental: I know where ALOT of people would move to then :D
Why do people come in here and ask What Is A Brony? I'm still confused about that.
Alright.
:I
Alright :[
dat guy is awesome
Dat hair
My tea got cold overnight because I forgot about it.
Brony City = Where all population is Bronies :D
lol
Dat laugh
LOL
MEXICOLT
meow
HAHAHAHAH OO HAHAHA EWDFIAHSDFS
meow
Meow.
Bam
Derp face
whackj
Vordox: make it one country, and name it equestria
this show if fuckin wierd
wasn't there this kickstarter licke event that wanted to raise 950k Dollar for a Brony Colony?
Gunpalm
LOL
That would be a VERY strange episode of Trigun.
Lil_B what the wha?
Michael: Too hard atm :P
I mean, GUN TO THE FACE!
drunk vash :D
Litterally.
HAHAHAHAHA
Happy drunks are best drunks
happy vash is happy
Lol
Dat drunk
lmao
I mean... a town all about Love and Peace? And POnies? Freaky even for Trigun. ^_^
Drunks are always funny
Dken2021 someone linked it once here 1 or 2 month ago, but I didn't safe the link, it was like kickstarter but it wasn't exactly kickstarter or Indie-go-go
Dat transition.
dat guitar i <3 it
A town called brony sounds like an excellent place to live nuff said
:O
^^
Dat straw.
woah
Was that the same transition song in reverse?
derpface there is one
HOLY SHIT!!!
Ah, Milly. The giant woman is the youngest sister of a Quiver-full family.
derpface it's in poland
I just realised now.
http://i.imgur.com/vs7Xk.png Wise words
OH
right there
I wouldn't mind living in a city called "BRony" :P
really?
In a country named Equastria
:D
Equestrastra?
WHATS THAT?
CrimsonPhoenix: So true.
CrimsonPhoenix except for those who like classical music
Dat face
Equality is a drunk.
oh no one likes me :(
derpface:a brony is a guy who likes my little pony:friendship is magic vordox is just joking around xD
REALLY?
yes
Dken2021, those guys most likely have taste and have respect towards artist
REALLY?
derpface: why did you say that :(
In that Brony Town = Canterlot Avenue, Ponyville outskirts, and ManeHaatten Avenue :P
true story bro
/me hugs derpface
CrimsonPhoenix true that
sonicandmario085 there is a town in poland called brony
LOVE AND TOLERANCE
nuff said
derpface: silly saying.
Oh too intense
i peed myself
alexxm:he asked what is a brony xD
:'(
CrimsonPhoenix funny... this guy is on the mylittleremix Forum Xd
:'(
blarch
Dr.Dissonance?
o_o
That sounds tasty
LOL
CrimsonPhoenix yes, he makes good music
OMG
well he makes steampunk version of some MLP songs
lol
spy
60 billion double dollar
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/945/
LAWL
dat gun
WOMAN VOICE
CrimsonPhoenix yeah. Dr. Dissonance is one of my favourite brony musicians ^^
XD
No, he isn't...
00,10that guy looks like Spike
00,10from bebop
He also does some piece for Fallout Equestria
bebop?
WHATS THAT?
00,10You dont know bebop?
a user on here?
shut up and make me a sandwich
lmao
00,10that must be corected.
what?
Lol! xD
oh love and tolerance
<3
blasphemous!!! how can anyone not know bebop
Vash is DAMN tall
SOMEONE DOESN'T KNOW bEBOP AND THE WONDERNESS THAT IS eD?
LOVE AND TOLERANCE
go go caps fail
<3
how did he fit in there?
I don't either and?
CrimsonPhoenix and something different i can not classify. i guess it goes to the directionon of metal
He has size hacks nuff said
Sumi! We have alterations to reality that must be made!
Invi, I never heard of metal from Dissonance
care to share a piece?
Dat cap
bongos!
Dat hat
woah awesome gay
I MEAN HAT
Suddenly samurai hat? O.o
that does not include metal clanging sounds?
STUpid keyboard..
tha boot knife
Trolled.
trololol
cause that's from his steampunk themed piece
00,10So jammen with edward?
Owch, he has a pocket knife on his shoes?
FUUUUUUUUUUUU
lol
I am a Cowboy Baby-kid rock
Looks like pinkie pie in cupcakes
Snap.
DED
O.o
WHA
WHAT?!
WHOOOOOAAAT?!
whoa
raep faec?
DAFAQ
dat gun
pardon me to snap your neck#
u blinked
these glasses
now he's serious
00,10Milly and her giant rottery cannon.
Grandma?
GRANDMA
GARNDMA
:D
Lil_B, it's a western. nobody cares ^^
She's the true hero! The Good Gu...girl!
grandma hero
granny chio
GRANDMA!!!
dat mouth
Guess what, Frank. The situation is more equal than you think.
Er, Vash
00,10whole town be packen
Town's packing a lot of heat.
XD
lol zat kid
hand the hid a gun
Armed population :D
NO MESS WITH GANGSTA WEST SIDE
An armed population that knows only peace.
shit just got real
heh, who needs a sheriff when you got a town full of gunholders?
GIANT GUN
how does that guy's neck let blood get to his MASSIVE head?
OH SHIT
ooooooooooooooo
dat voice
owned
what anime is this
dat crazy gun
RAGE QUIT
trigunz
FAIL!!
YOU GOT OWNED
LAwl
Yay.
Trigun
YAY
trolled
Wow xD
totla Bluffz
Troll
Vordox, future, hopefully. There was a time in the past where that was the case as well.
TROLOLOLOL
xD
run u little bitch that like bananas!
god tier troll
XD
Drunk again!
Kandarihu: Time repeats itself..
Grandma
HAHAHHA
and to celebrate wit ha huge druinken party!
ULTIMATE TROLL.
moar beer
derp face
LOL
That's better :D
the next episode is where thigns get real (I think)
neever
:(
O_O kick counter
moar apples!
:O
YOU TOUCHED MY GUN!
Dat face.
that face
I USE GUNS TO CREATE PEACE
hippie cowboy :D
Is he sober?
derpface: SOund slike a certain way of diplomacy :O
how does he plan to do that
love and tolerate while blowing caps
Sober :3
BEING OP CREATES WORLD PEACE
BLARGH
Chundered everywhere.
derp face
ewwww
Your name is BLUEARGH!?
6_9
I'm BAAARRRRFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
His name is Barf.
my little pony
00,10ralph
gun got cleaned
00,10ending song sucks
Neeext
NEXT!
eh, not as good as spike, but will do
ewww
muted
Well, Vash is a pacifist. He never kills.
Then skip it Sumica
Kandarihu: err
o
ooooo yeah
bepob cowboy
YAAAAAYYY
YES!!
Kandarihu: What about the hundred of millions deaths he did then?
=P
i saw this before
ITS LIKE BAM and then BOOM
epic intro
Vordox: clearly LIES
oh yes
05guess ill finally get to see what the fuzz is all about
MadSurge: No, manga, where it's all real :P
COWBOY BEBOP
cosby bebop
Vordox, he didn't kill those people.
erm what... the f*ck... is this...
Kandarihu: He did.
its james bond
nuff said
00,10you have not seen it wrek?
Sumica, is this the first episode?
Kandarihu: read the manga yourself =
05never bothered
Flyboy: cowboy bebop
05as you know
00,10it's eds ep
Oh, I never saw the manga.
Woot Bebop? I thought we had more Vash!
05not into anime
oh yes
Kandarihu: You missed out.... Big time
WHAT show is this?
No vash :(
I'll bet I did.
Which ed episode?
it has women. i immediatlly like it
guns arent cool
Dat music
Wrek: YOU draw with anime style lines, yet you don't like anime, woot?
SAAAAAAAAX
oh why would no one pay attention to me?
:(
its the adventure core!
oh my...
orbital freindship cannon
^
derpface: you play gmod right?
oh this episode
If only he did the finger sign. :D Lawl
DAFUQ?
umm possibly
derp
he's making pretty pictures
woah
crop cirlce
I MAKE ART WITH LAZERS
derpface: knew it
And he made the Nazca lines!
Flyboy, most anime have women.
only without the crop and no cirlce
rock showers?
thats sounds painful
other than that they're exactly the same
Ed = One of the best characters in this show, and that's saying alot considering the cast
The internet of the future
6_9
00,10that was a rock shower
Ed is best pony.
Rock Showers because 50 years ago, an experimental astrogate blew up part of the moon.
thats a rock shower?
BOOOOM
ITS A GIRL?!?!?
Oh noz
dat crater
Lol
REALLY?
dang weather woman
ponibas: Hrur hur hur, you sure? :P
00,10yes
Flyboy: It's a planet
Flyboy pretty much yea
KENT BROCKMEN NEWS
that guy isnt creepy at all
wow
Aliens
00,10the moon got a huge hole blowen in it
Yuri kellermann?
05after reading a certain comic i cant stop associating bush cutters like that with someone cutting yer balls off
REALLY?
wow how did this guy get a job
LAzers
ANCIENT ALIENS
Wrek: ...wtf did you read?
o.0
uhhhh, sure... Im playing TERA. not watcching chat.. but whatever
do i hear crash bandacoot?
05you wish not to know
One does not simply make art with lazers
Flyboy, yeah, but the human race expanded to most of the rest of the solar system, relying on the very technology that destroyed the Earth's surface for casual interplanetary travel.
./)Aliens(\
Wrek: I'm intruiged and ready to see the truth then be guessing
THANK YOU FOR THE IMAGERY Wrek O_O
Wrek: PM me if you think the chat can't take it :P
yay conspiracyy nut
Kandarihu: i like it...
Wrek: sounds like a hell of a comic O__o
gun hoe what?
HOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOTHOT
05you know that certain thign you wish you never knew?
god dang caps button /)_(\
05well this is definetly one
Wrek: Yes?
Hi guys, what up?
i still find this hard to fap too..
wut
woo otakus!
HOTLY HOTLY HOT!!
hai Eli
Damnit Wrek, you're hyping it up =P
hai Eli
Otakuuuuu!!
05so ill spare you the unpleasantries
And now she FAILS.
derpface: LEAVE
lol
derpface: NOOOOW
Is it that bad Wrek?
love and tolerance? <3
She's ancient
Chat derped, what is Wrek talking about? :o
no idea
Wrek: a japanese comic?
Some comic
I know bot the answer
11,01JESmith71: Update: Pirates is first.
With a knife and balls
not
INDIAN
this anime has too much stereotypes nuff said
11,01I think I told you the opposite.
dinner
Too much or not enough?
Spaaaaceeee haaackers!
derpface at least they exist unkine in other animes today
*unlike
dat bitch is wierd
its the po po
woah
dat blush
derp face
da police!
well fudge
/me glomps Nittany_Discord
YARR HARR
OK. She's got a very sterotypical idea about hackers-- and is about to have her mind BLOWN.
WhyuuaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaBOOOM
lol
Bam
/me 11,01has been glomped <3
Hahahha
Derpy?
:3
my name is derp face
no ys nuff said
[Alpha]: More like Screwball with IQ :D
:P
Okay, every time I see that on Adult Swim, the cop's OH NO happened while Ed was hacking his zipcraft.
00,10Ed is pinkie
Vordox seems fitting
WAT?
wacka
Sumica: No wai, Pinkie doesn't cause harm =
Kandarihu: his?
Sumica: Pinkie isn't quite as random.
MadSurge, both of the cops are male.
Remember "Applehack" Spell typo? This MAY be able to get that person a:D
Sumica:wanna kill some kerbals after this? :3
oh
poor lerbals :(
Okay. Thanks for telling me Nittany. Looks like I'll have to change my plans and do what I was going to do on Thursday then. I'm planning on seeing Batman and going out to dinner one night, which means I'd miss most of the first movie. If it was Indy first, I was going to do it Wenesday so since I'd just be missing Last Crusade. I don't want to miss Pirates though, so I'll just do all that Thursday instead
*kerbals
Woah jesmith
Sumica: they would have a lot of fun together :)
dat textwall
13ed is gaz
Besides, let's not make a big deal over Ed's gender, please.
Stereotypes
11,01JESmith71: OK.
:D
IM A KERBAL AND I KNOW IT xD
11,01But that IS our order.
lolwut
drag queen?
ping
ewww
I love that slide guitar
/me 11,01dusts sonicandmario85 with his feather duster
So he's a 3 year old alien drag queen who used to play basketball.
Piyokos!
lolwut
Sounds like decent intel right there.
Meanwhile: Pretty much
she`s crazy
Vordox I LOVE U
11,01I thought Ed was a guy at first.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IM GONNA SNEEZE! D:*sneezes and dies*
Woot derpyface ? O.o
Man she is Mad and smart.
<3
nuff said
Nittany_Discord: Same :P
11,01Or whatever that red-headed kid is.
cowboy bebop?
i thought rainbow dash was a guy at first
13who is ed, that is cowboy bebop at his computer
Nittany_Discord: Ed is a she :D
just a random thought
Shizuka: /)
13do not know who this ed person you are talking about it
NINJA MODE ACTIVATE!!*disappears*
an artificial sattelite?
I didn't.
Guys, Wrek never saw this before, so Ed's gender is a spoiler.
my keyboard has caps lock on even though its making me type in lowercase can you tell me how to fix that? when i turn it off i talk in all caps
EMPU!
<3
nice to meet u <3
dat name
I'm guessing MPU
Cookie! :)
Shizuka: LOL
those earthlings are wierd nuff said
Inb4 Pyoko
Nittany_Discord: Ed is a girl. Ed is an anomaly. Ed is Japan's Answer to Pinkie. But most of all.. Ed id Ed.
thanks
I get it. :3
what is the difference between normal and an artificial sattelite?
wtf
sonicandmario85 turn capslocks off?
00,10Lil_B, one is man made
dat music
is epic
11,01Kencolt: K.
There it is
DAT PROFILE :D
05SO THATS WHERE THAT SOUND IS FROm
I've always found Ed to be a bit out of place in that show.
That's Ed's Theme Song
11,01The moon is a satellite.
^
^^
The OST to this is made by the one and only Yoko Kanno
she proves to be helpful at times...but she's still a bit annoying.
Dken2021:when i turn them off i talk in all caps and when i have them on i talk in lowercase PLEASE HELP ME
Lawl Wrek
a Moon isnt a satellite its a moon trolol
Where did you hear it from before, Wrek? :D
Friendship is AI?
what is this movie?
derpyface, the moon is a natural satellite.
THE POLICE
sonicandmario85 just remember it's in reverse?
ITS THE POLICE HIDE YO STASH
HAI GUYS
Troll virus :D
she is awesomely good at hacking
Ed is ed
WELL DUH
Edward is Edward. :3
Dat third person
:3
As I said.
ed edd and eddy
matthias not a movie. It's a Cowboy Bebop episode
nuff sadi
A character should be judged on how much they contribute to the various stories they are in. Ed just sits at her computer and...acts "kawaii" or whatever. not a very interisting character.
Why Ed is awesome, cause it's Ed <3
okay
ARF
:D
ED, Edd, and eddy anyone remember dat?
No one okay
ed id ed id ed id ed
i fixed it by clicking out of the window and turning off caps now everythings normal :3
USA!
pony_467145, she's useful sometimes.
edward is a ruined name...
Not really
i agree, she is useful. I already said that.
Kill lasers.
ik
its a stereotype
yay kill lasers
derpyface: and olympic winners
Lol!!!
"Is this too hard for you"
XD
derpyface: I`m not fat:'(
OH U trollface
00,10Ed is't ment to be a main charicter.
Sounds like the ultimate Bullet Hell
I weigh 120 pounds
i weight 100 pounds
that about sums it up-
iam anorexicadfasfn
Sumica: Spike is :D
I'm 17
Ed doesn't think outside the box. ED doesn't even know that there IS a box.
FINE
nuff said
you get fucking fat from eating alot of junk food
Dat REAL drift
stay on taget, STAY ON TARGET!
Kencolt: clearly she can think inside a chimney :D
derpyface:well not all of them because im kinda fat XD
Oh u admit your fat
finally
derpyface, some of us are obese, some of us are healthier.
Sumica: No interactive channel, why does Bebop have a cam?
she thinks inside and out the chimmney
u don t say?
yay
Oh crap :D
orbital friendship cannon
he is drifting lazily to the left!
nuff said
IDK why i passed up the orpportunity to get the whole Cowboy Bebop set for 20 bucks once...
im not that fat but im not to where i cant walk and my belly isnt extremly big xD
i used to love that damn show...
:O
its a lazer show
pew pew pew
?
ITS STAR WARS
Party Hard
this is an awesome anime
All dem satelites? :D
i eat some healthy foods too like grapes and stuff...
ever seen "Laser Blast"?
Cheap missles
Well he's fucked
its a trap
so much for soundefects in empty space...
DAT QUOTE
lol
pony_467145 wow, what a missed oppurtunity
ITS LIKE STAR WARS
eli
..
Ll!! :D
"Thanks Faye" "dick!"
fire all the weapons!
derpyface:i eat some healthy foods too
Ugh
I love that little hacker <3
I know...I swear it was either 20 or 30 at bestbuy once. @ bestbuy of all places...<,<
lets talk about lazers
h4x0r
lasers?
Vordox: Personally, I LIKE it when Faye gets screwed over. Because she's usually ASKING for it. Karma.
lasers are cool
anything with lasers= cools
Kencolt: She deserves it for her action, but not for her past =P
Magic of friendship.
u want laesrs?
08,01BUCK is going to have lasers
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BcpYndTT8Yk
friendship!
OVERBURST
Vordox: True-- but her present is karma enough.
No youtube during stream
pony_467145, no vid lnk in stream
this anime needs to be %20 cooler
not that much lazers
pony_467145: no vid links on stream
Kencolt: Well, sometimes sometimes. :)
derpyface it's beyond 20%
Rule #3
^
naw
08,01also, we're officially bigger than Galacon now
YAHWAgda
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/2499/
Vordox: More like often often. :/
08,01wow, wait a minute
dat mass
im not that fat to where i cant walk or have floppy nipples XD
08,01that makes BUCK... the largest brony convention in Europe
Ooh lala
i love brownys they taste chocolaty
08,01Sumica: what eqd post?
Okay. Keep your eyes peeled for the change in medium
Hax! :D
ooh la la
00,10about Buck
"eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee wheeeeeeeeeeee whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa" *Ed*
eeeeeeeeeeee
trollface
omg
Yeah, Faye. Like you are going to ditch ED. Hah,
I can easily spot the moment the Bebop goes from being Cel-animated to CGI
Damn :D
Dat accent
boob
dat boob
oh wait
lol
00,10hooooomans
Sumica: Some Lucky Channels? :D
und dann chat was 12 years old
00,10accent so thick you can cut it
dem compootas
does anybody here love my little pony?
no one?
okay
Damn
Me
me
derpyface, we all do
How the heck does her jacket hold her breasts in place
geez those tits
killerpony7733: Plot armor
we only like friendship is magic XD
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1120/ I do
killerpony7733: Tapes
smily face
00,10killerpony7733, double sided tape
Duct taes
OH MY GOD
Oh my god, the earth have a face.
Ending song <3
oh dat song so epic
EARTH ACTUALLY HAS A FACE?! IMPOSSIBLE!
i <3 this ending
Dat guitar.
on second though, let's not land on earthh, it's a silly place
05oh right i gotta stay up tonight
DERP
opening is better
00,10lol wrek
sonicandmario85, one of the last things MPU drew, probably
so watcgha think so far Wrek ?
anytime I think about why I like the show...I feel like Bobby Bushay yelling at his momma about why he likes the one chick
Alright I'm off to sleep, have fun everybody.
Big, both are awesome.
whats next
it better be mlp
Bye Jmo4267
05im indifferent
08,01right, so they put up Laserpon3's video, but not the one we actually paid to have made...
00,10hey wrek want a tripy kinda dark ep?
/me 08,01slow claps EqD
G1 MLP?
fair enough :)
Wrek: Well to skip time, do stuff, draw, surf, create, procreate :P
00,10or a hard rock ep
G1 mlp prease
05both sound intriguing
NO!
my favorite <3
hey [Alpha] you still here
roof is worse off than I thought - found a weak spot around the leaking skylight over upstairs loft - sunk down when weight was applied
SUMICA DONT BETRAY US WITH G1!
love and tolerance forever <3
Yup
sumi why not both
PLEASE
[Alpha]: ??
I BEG YOU MASTER
G 1 MLP
What?
So i cna
ITS TROLLESTIA
Dat lion king
Awesome wallpaper
needs more funk
has anyone seen zoids before?
moar cowboy bebop ;)
noooooooooo
moar Bebop!
do we have to watch the intros?
it better be %20 cooler
pony1553 I do, though don't remember much of it
oh iam so funny
Yes
ponibas: moar apples!!!
is anyone here a girl?
08,01i am!
Never seen Cowboy Bebop before. Is it any good?
Sumica:after this will you stream kerbal space program? :3
oh okay
hi girl
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/996/ me gusta
lol
derpyface: I a4m
not a Mac fan, sorry :p
am*
08,01hi derpyface!
i should be going to football practice but ponies or in this case Bebop
So is Sumica the one streaming?
00,10aye
sagas: eyup
random yay
Whats this anime even about?
[Alpha]: so you are back
KERBALS ROCK
yay
00,10So who likes clowns?
is this what I think it is?
I DU!
yay
never seen it
oh god it is
life and times of bounter hunters.
I like clownfish
Sumica: not me D:
nuff said
sagas: bounty hunters, IN SPAAAAACE
I LIKE TO WATCH BILL AND BOB SHIT THEIR PANTS
/me invites CrimsonPhoenix #Dashiesauce
Oh, I guess we're not watching this in order then?
woops
sorry
MadSurge: interesting...
Yup Gamefreak324
are we in the matrix?
Yay, evil clown time!
Clowns hate tangelos.
08,01http://boingboing.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/268710_10150996991432496_1809310541_n.jpeg
/me is not a fan of clowns
why is fluttershy so shy?
oh no this one
nuff said
is this the matrix anime?
oh dat music
It's part of her name
eww ponies who would wanna watch ponies?
derpyface namesake I guess?
oh dat usp 45 with torch
dat top hat
Gamefreak324: nope
Gamefreak324: no its cowboy beebop
i was joking
Gamefreak324: :o
i know it's cosby bebop
AttacktheAndalite: as long as they don't have a completely painted face they're alright
so may I ask for an opinion?
MadSurge: Eh.
9ball!
in every anime i see there is at least one guy who smokes
sagas: Sure.
Molestia vs that dude
AttacktheAndalite: never had problems with them
OH THIS IS TOO INTENSE
i just peed myself
oh no muh car!!!
NOT THE CAR
pony1553 oh god
yes, car getting shot at.. stay sitting up
oh mai
ya got sum blud on muh car!!!
If you were to get a plushie commisioned from anyone, who would you get it from?
LOL
dat gun
hello, boy?
Ebay
seems legit
that guy is awesome :D
HACKER!!
creepy mother fucker...
i thought he was gonna take out a boobie cannon or soemthing
Inb4 WOMBO COMBO
deflected!!
OH THOSE FLY hacks
how is he still in the air
WOMBO COMBO
he has ballon powers
weeee
Air juggle
inb4 ded
then
he gets saved
he floats??
nuff said
Mica. Suddenly MacGuffins
its a Reflex Helium Suit
cats?
MEOW
CATS
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAX
NO
/me meows
NOT THE POOR CAT
KITTY
ugh...
not the cat!!
shot the cat
whats wrong withcats?
Overkill explosion much?
:O
sagas: you'll see
poor kitty :(
Fun fact: the guy who voiced Flim also the VA for Double D
Bay barrel
thta episode. it's the worst one.
knives now?
if fluttershy saw this she would have died nuff said...
killerpony7733 necissary
ouch
left handed
he`s not dead
Rocket Firing Shotgun
I WANT
demoman
armory jacket!
i wish i had that in cod
i would pwn everyone in sight
this looks familliar
That clown looks like that Akuma
dat creepy smile D:
XylemTube: D-Grayman
dat stache
hes name is bob
00,10random ed moment
thats the most interesting name i ever heard...
don't watch that episode.
it's stupid filler.
lol
dat mouth
pony_467145 whic ep?
wb Lil_B ^^
I'm unplugging my phone. I;m getting tired of getting calls from random people
Invi XD
Karma biatch
lul
Wb Lil_B
probably the one with the hostile pudding
yyfg
Lil_B what? :D
[Alpha] telemarketers?
00,10Realy all bebop eps are filler
ahhh, there is this episode of cowboy beebop that his this floating fat dude who has shields and unlimited ammo...it's fucking goofy...
thanks Michael
Bye people (like anyone cares) love and tolerance forever <3
Sumica: except Start, mid and the end episode
no I won something which is BS
bye derpyface
Invi (can I borrow you ear for a sec?
ded
DERP
joker
sounds like joker
oh, this episode ?! This always made me feel so ad at the end :(
Lil_B okay ^^
FATTY
no way dude, the show is pretty grounded in the "reality" of the world they live in.
00,10othere then the comeing and going of charicters there is little in the way of continued story telling.
SEEMS LEGIT
full of hot air
Hello eerypony
hay Obsidian
allo Obsidian
*everypony
hai Obsidian
Ein<3
lazy dog?
there are two episodes that really stick out as not at all fitting in with the rest of the series-
[Alpha]: Dat dog has over 200 IQ :P
/me wakes up and instantly glomps Sumica
FAEFAE
00,10ohhi SuperBrony64
is she retarded?
pony_467145: The Fridge Episode :D
Bebop Bebop.
sagas: She's magic.
fey fey
Meanwhile Meanwhile
A PARTY
mail mail
secret but fun
pony_467145: Seriously, you forgot? =P
is he suicidal?
sagas pretty much yea
sagas: He wish to live to die
00,10kinda sagas
sagas: It's complicated, you'll see
okay then...
lunk head lunk head
what what
Doggy
another episode that fans of Bebop don't really like is Mushroom Samba...it's just kinda a listful pointless humor episode.
damn that gets annoying
Lwl sagas
some fans, I should say.
00,10lol wut.
pony_467145 yea, that's the one I usually see on adult swim
pony_467145: Seriousy... You don't reember....
Funny thing about mushroom samba, I have seen it the most.
00,10I rather like what you call Filler eps
SWAG
but it's an okepisode
oops.
walking like a boss
Hi bronystate.
Sumica: People are too gungho on what they get, instead of getting it at all, be prepare to see that alot in the younger generations Mica :P
Hai FillyFlam
hai FillyFlam !
hai FillyFlam
Hello FillyFlam
Hey FillyFLam
00,10true enough
idk, within the context of the show...certain ones seem more "filler" than others.
SUP FILLYFLAM :3
yay
but one can't rally have any real "filler" in a 26 episode series.
:S
pkay thats creepy...
party hard!!
GUESS WHAT GUS
MLP FIM IS A FILLER
WITH ONLY THE INTRO BEING THE ONLY "CORE" Story
You're a filler.
Omg what a TERRIBLE show that is
No?
:D that hologram
ohai Navi
lol the moon
Hey it's na'vi
MLP is less filling, better tasting.
nuuuuu stfu navi
It's doc girbils world.......
stupid fucking Navi
shut up elmo!
creepy music
:D
MLP is Prozac that I take with my eyes. that's why I like it. :)
yesssssss
Joker?
It's a theme park if it were built in Bioshock's Rapture
00,10fucken goofy
derp duck in background
IT'S GOOFY TIME! (No, dad, no!!!)
:O
I would consider cowboy bebop a slice of life story... with some funky action in between
More Hi-Dad soup please?...
No means No
return to disneyland goofy!!
00,10Goofy snuck up on me like that as a kid.
00,10I kicked em in the nuts
Hai C:
XD
Sumica: :D NICE JOB
Hai EpicCookieTime
hai EpicCookieTime
thats creepy - :D Nice reflex
lali-ho EpicCookieTime !
hoi EpicCookieTime
yay coaster
i <3 coasters
I want to ride that ride
Guys wanna know a stupid youtuber that does not know anything about pewdiepie and some guys?
this guy is mad
Spike is getting his arse kicked
He is annoying !
YAY!
she kille dit
I want Pulp Fiction themed coasters so I can tell people "Oh I'm sorry...did I absorbe your Condensation?"
i wish i didn't know about pewdiepie
His name is BrowniePownder.
that guy is too annoying to be liked
00,10yeah it's him killerpony7733
KEEP LOOKING NOW GUYS
THIS IS IMPOTANT
Inb4 backstory
What series is this anyway?
yes, pay attention
KITTY
Blum? in everything...
EpicCookieTime: cowboy bebop
Oh
LAWL
this is why hes afraid of cats i guess
kitty!
I never noticed that before MIca
Cat with a red eye
dat cat
Kittyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
:D
The Kay eyes are Hetero
Cat'
lol
Pfft.
Omg Celestie?
lol
dat celestia
Sudden Celestia :D
What a "coincidence" right Mica? ;)
celestia was a part of this
Is Mica showing this o.o?
SCP?
Yes
pretty funky track here
It is
EpicCookieTime: yes
oh my...
oh mai
Oldman mode activated
00,10whats that Vordox?
Oh my god C:
Smile smile smile.
Effortless kills
So you give him advanced assassin skills and then expect him to peacfully maintain being your prisoner
Sumica: The cat had each eye with it's own colour
Yes
that is true
00,10yeah
Mica: Do u show random series anytime?
Sumica: Coincidence with Spike? =P
Moral- All children are evil
child = evil
...I wanna know how they gave him Shields?!
showtime!!!
sagas: of course, what could go wrong? :D
fuckin Akira anime magic...
Vordox: Hehe heterochromia. Such a wonderful condition <3
Piggeh!
hundreds of rounds but no hits?
Big sometimes childhood ignorance is truely evil
Piggeh Nooooooooooooooooo!!!!
killerpony7733: as long as it's not malignant
damn clown
lol
why does this guy have such bad aim
MOO
HELLO
00,10exactly Vordox
omg wat?
alexxm: hes toying with him
wut
Yay Piggeh u are alive :DDDD
mrow
meow
mrow
cats are his weakness
:D shoot it
KITTY MUST DIIIEEEEEEEE
CATPHOBIA
MEOW
Meow meow meow meow meow :33
nightmare fuel
quick shoot him with cat bullets
Vordox: Mines comes from birth. So it's natural :)
13http://i.imgur.com/CPk2w.jpg the moment it landed
not the kitty :[
now if only we knew how he flies....
Im scared
Inb4 "OH SHIT" moment
cats his one weakness
inb4 gruessome ending
Kitty NOooooooo!
Shizuka yeeeeaaa!
killerpony7733: Whoot you have?
Shizuka: Bill Nye?
Piggeh KILL HIM!
Meanwhile: duh
Vordox: How my pattern goes and what colors?
SEE
YOU ALL SAW THAT?!
FALCON KICK
DED
THAT'S THE COINCIDENCE <3
Shizuka: Bill nye?
Piggeh Kill him nao!!!
he's hurt
cant take pain?
knife to the knee
13no... god no that's not bill nye... that's kirsten dunst
he took a knife to the knee
bullets don't work but knives do?
00,10mind of a child
13what is the matter with you
to the kneee
Never seen Dune?
Instead of arrow to the knee.
Shizuka: I don't know what I was thinking. Sorry. :<
I was expecting him to get run over by a float or something
lol...
the mind of a child... i actually feel sorry for him...
13X3
killerpony7733: Err no idea :P
lol he ded
yep....
:D
:O
CRYBABY
what a way to go
ded
squished
ah man
silly Shizuka
What' wrong with the clown dude?
00,10fucken goofy
Puppy kill him now :D
space ship
SPLAT
Was that a death of a baby....?
Or a death of an adult
most silly way to die ever
You decide
WTF?
Flyboy yeah, this scene is really hard with the mind of a child thing
AttacktheAndalite he still has childhood innocence
that was retarded
I told you it's a terrible episode.
Big: Kinda :D
Vordox: basically the death of a baby
and this is why i hate clowns
dats messed up
he had to make the comment...
Vordox: Uuuh i got two colors blue and green. My LEFT is fully blue and my RIGHT is green with a tint of blue in the corner of my eye towards my nose.
poor guy
He hates abusement parks??
I forget this show's name
what a funny and heartwarming episode eh sumi :S
and thats how equestria was made
what was it?
killerpony7733: My eyes are bucked up too :P
00,10ikr
XylemTube Cowboy Bebop
XylemTube: cowboy bebop
killed by goofy that is sad
Ah right
My eyes has mix of EVERY colour except Brown
._.
Weird as crap
I feel bad for the guy
Lets watch another thing nao :3
I like it
never got into it
but now i like
what now?
G1?
nomnomnom hotdog
00,10I can speak every language but greek, but it's all greek to me.
heh
with exceptions like this episode this show will mess with your mind
Ching chenk blah blah blah xD
this episode reminds me of rainbow factory. the last person you thought you would feel sorry for, you suddenly do. in this case. the man with a childs mind. in rainbow factory's case, rainbow dash.
I love the first episdoe
Vordox: I wouldn't call the condition bucked up. It's a mutation yes but it usually results in a unique pattern in your eyes and only unique to you. It's more or less a lucky thing to have
naww, it's pretty grounded.
Sumi bet you cant speak Latin
there is minimal mind-fuckery.
killerpony7733: O.o
Yay!!!
which is better trigun or cowboy bebop i feel like trigun for me
00,10now for some space truckers
cowboy bebop, again?
killerpony7733: But... Every colour except brown and it's colours(This includes Red)
killerpony7733: And yes, my eyes have "weird strings" in them
The intro is pretty confusing
Vordox: Aaaah. I see again i'm just speaking for myself here.
later everypony, gotta go dinner :D
yes!<
bye Michael
Bye Michael
When does this series end anyway?
killerpony7733: No I mean...
I remember when my friend bought "Boogie-Pop Phantom" years ago...it was so hard convincing him that it was garbage.
the music in the intro reminds me of TF2
killerpony7733: It's like a flower petal type of strings around my pupil
i like that every episode of cowboy bebop has a differnet genre of music. like jazz for one then rock
whats boogie pop phantom
woo the heavy metal one~
What kind of condition is that, killerpony7733 ? O:o
No,Heavy weapons guy.
killerpony7733: Oh and don't misunderstand, what I meant it has every colour = It's the mix of that colour
:O :O :O
Vordox: Heck if i know. Never heard of the pattern or what
I'm not sure myself. Pointless unentertaining anime that tries way too hard...
YEAH QUEEN my favorite band
ah yes, the truck one
:S
:);):D:P:(:$:O:|:'(:S:[<36_9
Heavy Metal Queen.
FUCK GRAVITY
All facis :3
No smiley spam please
dat women like man
Lez what
Lez watch the show nao
that's an example of a cool episode.
Kitty.
What is with all the cats in this show
13http://i.imgur.com/CR7ug.jpg
Cats are good.
i hate cats
dude...it's anime. Japan runs on cats.
oOOO
what's wrong with cats?
dat curiosity sphere
:O
cats rock
Shizuka: Space core would kill to be in curiosity core's place
:3
LOL
she was right
mica
dat ass
Action.
oh woah!
DAT ASS
KITTY
wrong guy
one of the thigs about teh ponies is that they share styleistic traits of cats.
Gooooood friendsssss.
Boot to the head.
why sombreos
they're like cat-dog-ponies.
dat slide guitar again :)
decker is a nerd?
13well kids
well...she was almost right
13reddit has answered your prayers
Turns out, yeah he is.
lololol
13http://i.imgur.com/tVPRF.jpg
lol
...
HA!
Dat thing
daw lol
Thing for eels.........
its ok i have a thing fr ponies
Eggs and gin.
for*
Nummy
Shizuka the internet's having a fields day
00,10Saw that coming Shizuka
spike what are u doing?!
zukkaei!
lol
Shizu: XD
He was trying to get the egg whites for something
Or seperate the egg whites from the yoke
05ive stocked up on haribo candy and coke for tonight
13you spilled my egg... another line you never thought could be badass
:) I think that was a Clint Eastwood reference
Bottled.
Wrek: What does haribo candy taste like?
any other gummy candy?
05imagine a bit softer and transparent wine gums
Mmmmm
Wrek: <3 Mmmmm
Wrek so what you setting up for?
:o
why dose this game sound like a woman?
guy i mean
05i got stream duty tonight :P
what the...?
oh hey look!
Wrek: Oh snap! :$
because it is a women
Ein is like what the f is this?
Wrek: I'll be here with you all the time Wrek. <3 You are not the only swede here :P
Going to the store, be back soon
Ein Stein
cat
who calls a dog ein
00,10dem old guys
O_o
anime-people...
the dog is smart it has like iq of 200
WHHAAAAAAT
he's a she?????????
manly women
00,10she is a trucker
Vordox: Yay same goes for the other scandinavians <3
A very manly woman
knock it off with the old guy remarks :p
See, Wrek. You got alot of support for this all nighter =3
Dat fail :D
/me 11,01trucks Sumica
lol, all wrek has to do is start the movie
Vordox: I'm also pulling a all nighter since i wake up 6PM today
i like the cat
I woke up around 4 :P
I challange you to a battle of Pony Cards!
dat women logic
blah. I used to get official binders... than I found them a waste of money
Jee. thanks derpy
Should told him sooner
What do you want cat? _
Mlp..trading cards? never heard of them
http://www.toywiz.com/mlpsinglecard1.html
00,10Spike has a cat on his head, your argument is invaled.
MEEOOOW
:P6_9
the cat likes him
XD
05yeah thats basically it Attack|Store, softer winegums with a slight transparency
:'( MFW anti bronies on TF2
THeyre just....picture cards? :D
05guess they could be a bit associated with gummy bears
haribo gummis rock
11,01Sumica is a truck. Your argument is invalid.
best music
WOOOO \m/
yeah, which is why RaveBony - I didn't buy that many. Just 3 packs.
Wrek: stop it, you're making me hungry D:
Nittany_Discord: :O
05love her already
THE METAL
you
/me 11,01takes ShadowQuill and writes a letter
Nittany_Discord: With me as a quill?
11,01Ye.s
MLP...Trading Cards...They have MLP...TRADING cards...They have the [yay], to give one of the greatest cartoons of all time, a TRADING card game?! ...DO WANT!
no one can destroy the metal, the metal will strike you down with a visious throw.
Nittany_Discord: OH MAH GAWD
:O posters 6_9
dat fap cave
[Alpha]: Man's gotta man
11,01You write pretty well.
Love Machine?
I am parking in reverse while going forward.
we got a convoy
wow, look at that wall
LAWL
lol
A Doll person
.D
/me parks in 1.3 donuts
awww. Look at the flowers!
stoner
trucker radio chatter. in space. lol
hey look that guy has my cocpit
05scratch that
05jsut tasted a gummy bear
05they taste nothign like the haribos
Same? :P
/me 11,01scratches that
guy's nervous
lol. outmaneuver a truck?
:S
LAWL
sapce truck
Space Truck*
Innocent trycker
the boobies want decker
dem bbs
aww snap
dat dog
All od a suffen
O.o
All of a sudden, Accordian Music
she ded
I want Accordian Rock XD
Vordox listen to Weird Al's older works :P
eah?
05ugh these taste aweful
...
Oops
ded
de
d
Wrek: What does?
05gona ge some B&J
XD
O.o
05gummy bears
Lawl Wrek. That chance
I dont like gummy bears :D
Sour gummy worms forever!!
so much boomstuff
BIG BOOM
DUN DUN DUUUUN
there's also an Orphanage with lots of kids on here!
pony_541984: Hell yeah! :D
Lil_B: And prom's tomorrow!
lol
Lmao
Meanwhile and I'm just 2 days aweay from retirement
ugh. My story still is waiting approval. That was 12 hours ago.
Meanwhile: Dat Eograptor
umm...
HE SAID IT
wasn't that Harry Partidge?
in the Akira vid?
whats this?
>.>
are you CRAZY PEOPLE
Oh yeah Harry, not ego
the epic Skyrim song dude.
05dat waesoem taste of music
SMOOTH
13http://xkcd.com/695/ on this important day, let us remember our fallen heroes
when in doubt, crank up the metal
hell ya
Shizuka: That's terrible. :<
whats this anime?
Train of Concequences. ever heard that song?
WTF
SPIKE YOU CRAZY BASTARD
Shizuka: D:
That doesn't work in reality but who cares?
That's not how VACUUM WORKS
the rovers will never know peace from their endless wandering, forever praying for a death that will never embrace them
Nuuuuu
TrAJECTORY Non ravity
Gravity*
if you do stuff fast enough, you might survive the low pressure.
i really doubt he would be concious long enough for that
Mmmmm crispy ham
or have eyes
Wasson: I thnk it's 20-30 seconds :P
http://xkcd.com/1086/ He wishes for a pony ^^
hitchhikers guide says 35
i never beleived that
yeah roughly...I wonder if your acclamated to a lower pressure environment if could help you cope..?
hiya guys
Wife gonna truck
but survivable is not the same as unharmed
dat cat
is fat
I think you can be concience for like 15 seconds...then you pass out. If you get back into a pressurized environment within a minute, you'll be okay.
oh yeah space exposure?
Wasson: Lawl, space exposure?
Space is not a material
:P
that's what happens in no atmosphere at absolute zero
That was for otakon
what do you mean?
you are exposed in space
thus space exposure
it does take some time for the gasses to boil-out of your blood.
It's a technicality I'm laughing at otakon
-__-
welp anyway I might miss movie night tonight
It's like saying Space is something when it's not :P
when they were testing space suits for the moon landing, there was an incidnet in a vacuume chamger where a dude passed out.
05what is Meanwhile doign on mars!?
my mom might call me up to the bar to help her out with the work.
Wasson: I remember that
Wrek: His moustache led him there
he is braking the fourth wall
Waltz For Venus is ;_;
screw spelling
So Mica...
what trilogie is this week?
Mica Trigun
http://fav.me/d5a619f
antoher good ep*
Thank you! =3
Celestia Ponytailed
Trigun?
yes trigun
oh look Trigun!
05i sure love me some longcoats
which REALLY needs a touch up
Hey look, it's me.
HAI ME
Trigun was one of those series that was awesome/funny/awesome/repeat
Wrek: Keep practicing drawing it.
best opening
the age shows in the animation greatly
Hi everypony
hiya Brony
otakon: DO NOT TOUCH TRIGUN
EVER
hoi Brony
Let the OLD relics of masterpieces of the past BE
Vordox: it needs BR treatment
Vordox: HD remaster
Oh
all the love and peace stuff.
That's fine then :P
No 3D though please
Hey, what movies are tonight?
is this ep.. 5(?)
Vordox: no 3D, just touch ups
Obsidian: it's Indiana Jones and....
I'm not sure
So Sumica: since you like Trigin, have you seen the FULL Story of the manga or only the shortcoming of he anime?
yup
00,10I dont know I would like to see trigun come out like redline
It's a me! Mario!
:D
whats a yar?
that's a lot of graves
not this episode, the next one is kickass (I think) the one with the brothers
the thing that bugs me about Trigun is the...inherent goofiness of alot of the "enemies".
yay milly!
not her again
wow how old is this anime?
otakon: Milly = The tall girl?
looks old
Vordox: eeyup
hai, i'm back :)
I mean, would it really have been so hard to make them a little less "comic book"
