i just joined you fox sniffing porcupine rider
i aint got shit to read
05hilariosu really
*!*@690-142-797-610.dyn.iinet.net.au hmm, so random is now permanently banned? :<
05comign here saying I am the one RPign all of a sudden
05hah.
For 24 hrs.
Wrek: what is rping?
05"roelplaying"
1000 years dungeon!
he kinda struck me as the attentions wanting kid kind since he got here
oh
Buytoast: A lot and nothing at the same time. Best to not bring it up. Just watch the stream when Wrek gets it back. :D
is that illiagal here?
> "illegal" :D
yes mentallyeffedguy
:P
Made me laugh for some reason.
Malavolent: If you are starting up a game of MvM I'll be brining my Lyra colored Balloonicorn so you know who I am.
Wrek: It was referring to the "Go sit in the cornor" to Adam. Being a little smartass...
Malavolent: yea i know english fail :P
Buytoast: Lol'd at that insult. But anyway, someone just couldn't keep their mouth shut and Wrek told them to quiet, but then he got all dramatic about it and asked for a 24 hour ban so he could face the consequences.
05Klumzeedragon then its even more laughable
mentallyeffedguy: Not really the english, just the though of something being "illegal" on anonymous internet chat made me laugh :)
05not really that anonymous
00,10AdamTheDuck, the "*" is a wildcard
pony_9995: Not now, but you can add me on Steam. The name is same as here.
was mr I HAVE VISIONS OF BEING GUTTED one of them?
Malavolent: i thought the same before i posted it but i didnt care to "switch" it out :P
Wrek: Bah, details.
Wrek: Yes it is. I facepalmed so hard when I saw that comment from it.
00,10it just mees it wont matter what name they use as the ban is't self is on the IP
Buytoast: TheRandomkid321.
mentallyeffedguy: Either way, you made me laugh, do thanks. :)
AHAHAHA
AHAHA
echo?
Sumica, right, ok.
Malavolent: No problem :D
Buytoast: Also, flutterchu. For a similar reason. But he didn't ask for it. He just couldn't keep his mouth shut.
Malavolent: Sent it.
that fucker never shut hismouth
05cant we jsut enjoy some metal?
05jeez
05i need a drink
^
^^
^^^
I recommend some good ol' coffee, Wrek.
Now I'm not gonna drag out this topic, because there's no point to it. They're gone.
Here here, Wrek. I'll go grab a drink also. We'll all drink together.
BronyInstrumental: rock is not my style it more electro or dubstep
/me shares a drink with Gold_Demona
Klumzeedragon: let the extremly boringness of homework begin! :[
05seems like it
seatsea: i WAS referring to the conflict, but that's over now so yah
Heh. Twilight sitting there reading while listining to metal.
Wrek: I propose a toast too metal! :[
Gold_Demona: is it okay if I get only a coke? :D
pony_9995: got it
Sumica, are you here? D:
imma go get my drink too
Wrek: What does thou drink?
BronyInstrumental: oh. well i will jus liten to everfee in the meantime
MadSurge: Absolutely. I didn't say exactly what drink I'd be getting. :D
05beer, vodka, snaps
/me grabs an orange soda
/me also grabs some rum
mentallyeffedguy: Aaaaaargh! Metal and homework! :P
Wrek: water here XD
Hello all
Gold_Demona: good, because I'm straight edge :D
Hello Rommulus
Hi Rommulus
Hey Rommulus
Klumzeedragon: im not lisening to the stream now, im lisening to punk on spotify :D
How are we all and what are we all up to this fine day/night?
Wrek: Sounds good. What kind of beer do you drink? Only Alcohol I have on hand is Moonshine.
"You should explain why you chose the procedure that you used in section 3.2." i didnt chose, you told me what to do. dont ask me in a lab repot why i chose something you told me to do, its useless
stupid physics
Rommulus: Howdy! :) Hows it going?
/me restrains his angry breathing.
ARGH MOONSHINE ARE YOU A REDNECK nah I'm not serious :D
/me hugs Ninjazz "whos'
derp
05mariestad, staropramen
05maybe guinnes
I am good Klumzeedragon, just drawing and felt like talking to everypony
/me hugs Phase4 back. ;_;
/me hugs Ninjazz "who's a cute irc-goer, yes you are :3"
Phase4: :D Ikr
Wrek: Whoa now, you're drinking Czech beer?
Ggggrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
why it ping to ninjaz
05not right now
05but i usualyl do
Wrek: How does it taste?
MadSurge: Nah. :P It's all I got right now.
Lolwat. Ninjazz still exists somehere.
Oh wow.
This is amamzing.
05nothing sates my thirst like a proper cold beer of eitehr of those 3 brands
Rommulus: Well that's good. :) What are you drawing?
I liked Ninny more.
Wrek: Good for you. I haven't found beer that would taste good to me yet.
It is the quenchiest!
My friend requested a D&D symbol for their group so I volunteered to do it for them.
05Malavolent: try mariestad
05its bitter enough but still a good sweet light beer
05what is Ninjazz?
I may have to try and find taht one. My hubby and I usually drink Yeungling
that*
Ninjazz is just having client issues.
05Malavolent: ofc not
05you'd have to import it
And metal ofc.
Wrek: Oh? I don't think I've had either of the first two. I've many had european beers like Pirat and Gulden Drack. But when I don't have access to those, I drink Heffeweisen. :D
05tuborg is all rigth aswell
05though for an everyday like
05dinenr beer
05Spendrups is good
i have no take on this topic, as i've never tasted alcohol, apart from maybe in foods, just never straight from the bottle
Hot chocolate + Kahlua
:|
I just do shots of vodka and gin every once and a while.
Not too much of a drinker, really.
05rebull and vodka
BronyInstrumental: Well thats not a bad thing. :)
05the sleeziest shot there is
05but damn does it work
BronyInstrumental. Well, when you cook with an alcoholic beverage, the alcohol tends to evaporate out of it. :P
XAX: Haven't tried that. :O Just white russians.
Lol, sleezy.
alcohol tastes like piss anyways
Just crappy beer.
05Buytoast: well duh
Klumzeedragon: It ends up tasting like regular hot chocolate with a caramel aftertaste.
05thats why youtake it properly
05liek a GOOD beer
05or a GOOD drink
Wrek: Yeah. That or jager and redbull. That's pretty sleezy too.
I find that drinks like beer and wine are best had accompanied with food
05never liked jägermeister
05also: http://gronahuset.files.wordpress.com/2010/07/mariestads.jpg
Whereas liquors and mixes of such can be had on their own
I can't drink alcohol. Just the smell of it gives me a headache.
I like Goldschlagger (sp?)
Wrek: I only drink it as a jager bomb. It's not something to just drink by itself and enjoy. :D
I don't remember what Jager tastes like. Been too long.
XAX: Oh? Still sounds yummy. :) Thanks for the idea.
my brothers ipod is locked for about 22,000,000 minutes
Gold_Demona: Thick... syrupy... black licorice.
Phase4: Legend.
which is about 0.7 years
Phase4, lolwut :D
he'll be waiting for a while
Klumzeedragon: Hmm... Don't remember having anything like that. Maybe I was too drunk to notice when I had it. Cuz I do remember having it at least once
Phase4: How on earth...
I used to drink a LOT back in my late teens/early twenties
Food cooked with alcohol however... burns my stomach.
its ~ 254 days so probably an overflow
Gold_Demona: It was probably mixed with something. Its not usually something people drink straight. Or really do plain shot of.
Klumzeedragon: I didn't used to mix drinks back then. I drank everything straight
Phase4 He could just connect it to itunes
22429288 minutes to be precise
I mix my drinks now because I'm a lot more responsible with the amount I consume. XP
drummers aren't musicians, they're percussionists
Gold_Demona: That's crazy. I can't drink many things straight. Just Whiskey, Rum, and some Vodkas. Usually if it's flavoured. :D
BronyInstrumental: Who says percussion isn't music? O_o
My brother takes offence to that, BronyInstrumental.
Gold_Demona: my dad, basically
I mix my drinks because all we have is beer, wine a little bit of brandy and brandy is too expensive
Ninjazz: good for him
Eh. He can deal with it.
what's the name of the guy who hangs with the musicians backstage at concerts? the drummer
Klumzeedragon: Well, trying the drinks straight comes in handy when experimenting with mixing. You know what everything tastes like on their own. :P
But he did say "fawk you".
BronyInstrumental, wiki redirects from percussionists to percussion instruments, so it either agrees or disagrees. either way it considers them unimportant
Mutterguy: I hope it's decent Brandy. :S And not like... cooking brandy. I know a few people who drink the bottom shelf cooking stuff.
Phase4: as they are
I've heard several chefs say "never cook with a wine you wouldn't drink"
No idea. probably real. not like I drink that much
Gold_Demona, o_O
that just seems logical
if you cant drink something why would you use it as an ingredient
Phase4: Exactly. Cooking wine is pointless. Just use REAL wine.
the crap is cooking wine?
Wait. There's actual cooking wine?
Like wine. For cooking?
Yes
Gold_Demona: I suppose that's true. I'll probably have to do it more often than I do. :P
Wut.
why is that a market that exists
because fermented grape juice is a flavour.
Ninjazz: Phase4: It's pretty much a low end brandy.
ah crap, i just remembered i have homework to do for tomorrow
05always remember
05those fallen soldiers
i meen cooking chocolate i can understand (it actually comes out nice after being heated) but cooking wine o_O
05alwasy remember fatehrs and sons of war
05love this song
In risotto and sauces
Sons of War.
yesh.
I've seen beer used to cook poultry.
Klumzeedragon, I don't think I'd skip my standards like that.
Like whole chickens and turkeys.
"Cooking Wine". No, just brand it low quality brandy plz.
the whole point of using wine as an ingredient is for the freking wine
BACK TO SCHOOL WORK
Phase4: Wine is actually a very good cooking ingredient.
the worlds stupid can wait
Phase4: So long as you use REAL wine and not "cooking wine"
Ninjazz: I know I wouldnt. :D But there is one dish my parents make with some brandy and it's amazing, but probably cause there isnt much that goes in. But if you tried drinking it by itself, yeesh.
Gold_Demona, i know, had food prepared with it before, was real nice
still cant enjoy wine though, alcohol tastes like absolute crap to me
Still need to explore the cooking world a bit.
"There are two things that are infinite; the expanding universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the universe"
^
Eating dishes with specially prepared wines and stuffs like that.
Lol, AdamTheDuck.
Phase4: Yeah, wine is an acquired taste. My hubby and I usually enjoy a bottle of wine together with a plate of pasta.
I find that wine is best enjoyed with a meal
Well I have a bottle opener that is also a USB drive. So... yeah.
XAX, because why not
Think Albert Einstein said that, not sure though. Too many random quotes in my bank of quote laying around my head. :3
05Gold_Demona: a cream based pasta sauce with parseli and fresh pasta~
I can't drink wine by itself. It's just nasty without any food to accompany it
Eesh. 5:30am. :P Time to hit the hay.
I stick with cider
Night Klumzeedragon
night Klumzeedragon
05with parmesan cheese on top of it
Goodnight Klumzeedragon
Sleep well, Klumzeedragon.
Wrek: Hmm. We've never done that one before. Usually it's a red wind with red-sauce pasta.
05adn you eat it with eitehr ox fille or pock fille
Wrek: Thanks for the stream man. :) It's been awesome as usual.
Wrek: That sounds awesome. :D
And now I'm hungry again.
05gnight Klumzeedragon
Thank you.
05pork'
Goodnight eveypony who pinged me and those who didn't. I <3 you all.
05still onyl me enjoyign stream? :o
I can't easily get Ox where I am...
no, Wrek, i'm enjoying the Sabaton too :)
Or any beef other than regular cow.
05Gold_Demona: im not the best cook, but i love good food ^_^
Wrek: I am enjoying it :)
05so i try my best
Wrek: I would legitimately love to be watching, but I'm in my room with nothing but my iPod :c
im backie!
Welcome back mentallyeffedguy
MLP_Brovakiin: thank you :D
sitting down to a delecious meal you prepared yourself. one of the great feels of life
Wrek: Food is awesome. I pretty much cook all the meals in this house. :3
Phase4: Delicious*
"- Message blocked due to repeating (+K set)" - all I wanted is to say welcome back to mentallyeffedguy :(
say is*
AdamTheDuck, ikr XD
BronyInstrumental, such an odd word
My husband's a good cook, too, but he doesn't have time to do much cooking.
AdamTheDuck, dat hexchat
i recognise the message, same one as xchat
wait a minute, where are those guys playing?
I love it when we cook together, because we come out with Meals of AWESOME!
I'm still missing those pony emotes... :'(
wachen
Wrek: i apologies now do YOU apologies
Gold_Demona: Sounds... awesome.
But the one thing that every cook/chef/meal prepare person dreads... cleaning the mess up afterwords. Almost makes everything seem like it wasn't worth it.
05take soem gridned meat, mix it with chopped yellow unions, 2 cans of crsuehd tomatoes, 2 pieces of garlic, 3 grated carrots. some meat broth. french mustard
and flutterchu's back
flutterchu: You CANNOT be serious.
05some other shit
05perfect with pasta
Wrek: Sounds about right. :3
i almost fell asleep those 3 minutes
05flutterchu: for ban evading, you have now been put on the permanent ban list.
:<
Damn.
wait whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat
Wrek: You unbanned someone a few minutes back?
daaaayum
dont do it!
00,10*headdesk*
Oh boy. :<
I swear he unbanned 'im a while back.
/me shudders in fear at the sight of Wrek's banhammer
But still acting like a kid. :/
05silly irc timers
Wreks Banhammer of ddooooooooom
Wrek: "Wrek removed the ban on *!*@fv84-741-64-542.pv.oc.cox.net. "
:>
:D
dont ban him, cmon
05my mistake, pelase continue
05HOWEVER
05seeign that the first thign you say when comign back in
oh boy
Wrek: you better! :P
05mentallyeffedguy sit in the corner
00,10mirc goes by min not by hours when you set time bans
00,10so you set a 24 min ban
Wrek: i will! *sits in corner* :D
24 hours is 3600 minutes, isn't it?
05flutterchu: you are walkign a very thin line, make sure not to get yourself anotehr ban
00,102880
meh, close enough
Wrek: i hope i wont
The red font just makes it creapier
05its up to you
1480 wasn't it?
you let them back in?
Hoping you don't is a bad excuse. It's not hard to not get banned
05Buytoast: the timer bucked up
ah
05but i cba
BronyInstrumental: 3600 seconds is an hour. So yeah, closeenough.
where are those guys playing?
05mentallyeffedguy: sabaton
05oh and also
XAX: ah, now i know where i remember that figure from, when i get bored i work time out in seconds :P
Hmm.
Yay social experiements is best experiment
;kickcount otakon
/me jumps
aww.
05comments like: "<mentallyeffedguy> Wrek: you better! :P" are not appreciated
05specially sicne i admitted a mistake
no, not who they are, where they are! :P
One does not simply count otakon's kicks.
00,10right 1440 is a day, I cant math at 5am
00,10sure you do Ninjazz
Wrek: well i didnt notice that! exuse me then
Tea tastes amazing... just throwing that out there
yeah you can, Ninjazz, watch
05atelast not in that situation
:kickcount otakon
BronyInstrumental: otakon has been kicked 11 times
00,10you take mine and wreks total counts and suptract 2/3
Oh.
Oh wait. Really?
mentallyeffedguy yeah careful being joke ish when in a serious situation like that.
:, not ;
Silly mess
05but yeah Gold_Demona: i can try and compile the recepie for you sometime
:kickcount otakon
Ninjazz: otakon has been kicked 11 times
Oh whoa.
Fancy bots.
00,10mind you that is just BerryPunch's kicks
Wrek: Sounds great. I love trying new recipes. :D
Ahahaha. I see.
00,10she would have a better tally if wrek and I removed our bots
Sumica, yeah, you guys and your more sensative kickscripts
i dont get you guys some times... you are friendly and nice then suddenly because someone are joking, they get banned, not fukin funny you know
05thoguh the gates of hell, as we make our way to ehaven, through the nazi lines. Primo Victoria.
inb4 spellcheck
Must be atleast 1k by this point atleast.
00,10not more sensative, just faster
mentallyeffedguy: :|
mentallyeffedguy, rules, man.
Read them.
mentallyeffedguy not joking the user who is only one mistake more for a perma ban has made several mistakes over and over again
Sumica, no, more sensetive, mines acurate to +-10ms ignoring network lag
Also, it's a given NOT to be dick.
thats a bullshit number based of how long i think it spends processing
00,10the distance lag is why she misses
where im from, when you make a joke people laugh.
actually BerryPunch is in the US now
00,10oh
~40ms to the nearest ponychat server
00,10how odd.
mentallyeffedguy: Ya gotta know when to make what jokes, man.
00,10she should be faster
mine works to miliseconds, yours work to seconds, theres a 500 or 999ms window yours runs in that mine wont (depending on rounding)
:kickcount Ninjazz
Ninjazz: Ninjazz has been kicked 0 times
yay.
00,10ahhh
Sumica, your using mirc right?
mentallyeffedguy: The key to getting laughs is timing.
00,10yeah
:kickcount Sylandest
Sylandest: Sylandest has been kicked 0 times
woo!
05mentallyeffedguy: actually. here i am tyring to deal with a user behaving like a twat. i make an mistake due to a faulty timer adn amit it. adn act accordinly. in such a situation i do not like being mocked. which even if you were joking your commetn could be read as. now with that im mind, can you see why?
yeah, mirc kickscripts i've seen are acurate to a second
05as for the rest of you stop arguign with him about it
05jeez
Sumica, as for the delay in kicks, thats probably due to the bots rate limiting
Sorry :<
Wrek: when the jokes are on you, you get angry?
/me hugs Wrek
Hug the angst out
All the angst.
we were arguing? i'm sorry :(
No, Flutters!
^
I will not forgive you. :T
05what? no. when you come off as mockign me i get angry
05which is what you did
05had it come off as a joke then i couldnt have cared less
mentallyeffedguy a good idea would be to stop now before you dig yourself into a hole.
hmm, someone pledged 4000$ for the hey ocean world tour. Where do people get this much money?
you guys can argue about anything cant you?
credit card debt?
dunno, but I sure could use even a fraction of that
We can pretty much argue about things we like.
Like best pony arguements.
And worst pony arguments.
Those are always /fun/.
lol
mentallyeffedguy: you realise that'S what you're doing?
^
Wanto to argue? Mention religion and politics and you'll never see the end of it.
dear "lol", thank you for being there when i have nothing else to say
^
Dark_Horst: im just playing along here :)'
dear "rofl" thank you for being there when "lol" doesn't cut it
Dear "heh, you do a fine job when all else fails.
Watching an art stream, got a cutesy blog for y'all :D
dear "lmfao" thank you for being there when even "rofl" isn't enough
was there a new equestria daily post when i was banned for those 30 minutes
/me facehoofs
Use this instead of lol if you have nothing to say: http://derpy.me/ofsLz
05back in am inute
at least its more relevant because of ponies
http://askloveletters.tumblr.com/ giraffe pony! XD
00,10for those that wanted to know
00,10%kicks 603
00,10%bans 3
00,10%KICK 32
Why is it every time I see these "giraffe ponies" I imagine a pony engineer saying "nope"
What exactly are we looking at, Sumica?
Hey everypony
Hello again, Serenity.
Hello Serenity
Hi Serenity
00,10botkicks, bot bans, manual kicks
05lets see
Finished reinstalling Windows
05what to do now?
Oh. Total amount.
00,10aye
ihave to leave now.............................bye
Sumica: today or total?
Bye flutterchu
00,10from the day i started runing totals
Later flutterchu
00,10that's just my personal numbers
00,10it dont count numbers by other mods
I was expecting more bans, actually.
I just missed t
Seems people's has been somewhat good for once.
What#s the count?
I wonder what the is the leading cause of botkicks. Flooding maybe?
Spamcounter, probably, Alchemist.
Probably for calling Sumica nice ^^
Wrek well tribes ascend maybe?
Wouldn
wouldn't mind that*
[old man voice] In my time they used to call it flooding. [/oldmanvoice]
Pony songs from youtube maybe?
ohai ponies
An entire episode of Jersey shore? What.
Yay Doom! =D
Hey hey, IshPonyPony.
Hello IshPonyPony
Doom? Now I'm even more gutted I can't watch.
Doom.
Same, I'm busy redownloading Cry of fear
Wrek: What diff you play the old Dooms on?
/me thinks we should watch the green mile again in memorial of Michael Clarke Duncan
XAX: Suicidal
:o
Any here up for some MvM on Team Fortress 2?
pony_9995, y u no have nickname :P
I love griefing on MvM
+Phase4: I'm not here enough to need one.
one day i'ma totaly go engi and lead sentry busters to other engies/players
00,10I dont ban frequently Ninjazz
Phase4: I told you that :P
pony_9995, no harm in choosing one
+Phase4: I know.
0.1/1.6gb done. Woo
Sumica, I didn't also remember that it's your personal counter. I was thinking it was a total of every mod's count.
My mistake.
00,10ahhh
testing something
who is playing?
mentallyeffedguy, Wrek is still
00,10yeah the log goes up to 318
a0,1test
hehehehehe we always watch him play :P
00,10but many of those have been time bans
Sumica: How much do you bet that 50% of those bans are Wrek's?
Ah. I see. So there are bans just they arn't perma.
hooray for OP shotguns :)
00,10alot of the bans are mine from new eps
whats with all these bans and kicks this week
00,10I dont have time to be nice during new eps to I set many time bans
You never have time to be nice...
Sumica: when are the new episodes airing?
I shalll sleep
Sup everypony
bye all
Mutterguy: bye!
Hi MrMalk
Night Mutterguy
00,10dont know yet mentallyeffedguy
bye mutterguy
Noight Mutterguy
bye Mutterguy
Hello MrMalk
00,10good way to check is to use !cd
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
night Mutterguy
Thought so
Hello MrMalk
Sumica: too use what?
Gnight, Mutterguy. Sleep well.
/me got a little more excited because !cd will be in use soon.
00,10ues "!cd" mentallyeffedguy
Wrek: Is this no strafeing?
Sumica: what is !cd?
cd stands for Countdownm
YAY DOOM
00,10"!cd" is a command that TOM responds to stateing you would like to know when the next ep comes out
what do you write too use it? !cd....something?
Just "!cd".
mentallyeffedguy, no just !cd
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
ok
thats a handy thing :)
Sure is.
I remember the days when it actually did something useful.
Ah S2. You were fun.
It's still useful
It's useful in telling you that it has no idea
I'm informed! :D
so it usually just tells you that its unknown?
yep
Until we get the real time and date for the show.
until the season gets started
Which we don't even have a specific date.
OK... this looks like Doom-- original Doom-- with updated graphics and slightly different mechanics. So... what is it?
Doom 3 I *think*
Doom with update graphics and slightly different mechanics, Kencolt. :p
:D SO ANGRY
doom 3 is on xbox i think
MadSurge: Well, you ARE called Mad surge
I don't think this is Doom 3
Okay then
I did say I think :P
AdamTheDuck: it's a classic Doom mod
Yeah I know :3
The Plutonia experiment. Never heard of it.
to Serenity I mean
hi all
good morning everypony.
Hello FlutterMEDIC
maybe it's like a texpack?
hello Dovah!
Morning Dovah
and hello to you too Dovah
just enjoying my last day of summer
hi FlutterMEDIC m
hi FlutterMEDIC
hello Dovah
Hello, Dovah, FlutterMEDIC.
Hiyo FlutterMEDIC
lol you got school tomarrow too FlutterMEDIC?
yep
howdy Dovah, FlutterMEDIC
Hello FlutterMEDIC
Oh wow. Hello, RainBroDash.
afternoon all
Hello SafariMonkey
hi SafariMonkey
Hey, SafariMonkey.
All these 'hellos :D
MLP_Brovakiin: goodbye?
Grr, I hate Cacodemons
Hello, good bye, hello, good bye.
HELLO EVERYONE THAT JUST HAPPENED TO JOIN NOW! :D
yeah, I've been following chat, thought it was a good time to make muself known. :P
*myself
/me 01,02 Testing
Damn
Fail test is fail
01,02test
blue don't work here
Dark blue and white might work
Hey Phase4, how can I change HexChat's colours to be more like BronyState site's chat?
AdamTheDuck, with anoyence
did the chat derp?
nope
01,02test
Woo, 0.8/1.6 gb downloaded
01,00hopefully this looks nicer
00,01oops, wrong way around
Phase4: Now you look like a Dari
it looks shitty too be honest
Bad Phase4|2. You're not staff.
You're a spai.
/me 00,01 Ninjazz D:
SPY!
spspspspspspaaaaay
/me shoots the spy
I just restarted my computer, and for some reason all of my text is 125%. Not sure if this is Windows' fault or mom's doing. I can TOTALLY imagine mom doing this for work purposes.
HUDDA HUH
/me 00,01>_>
Oh. You're not a spai. Carry on.
righto then
Kandarihu: ctrl mousewheel
what game is this?
'dat bitch is a spy!
Some one spai check him just incase.
Brutal Doom?
/me wastes every single piece of ammo from all his 100 guns on a female dog
Brutal Doom!
\o/
http://doom.wikia.com/wiki/The_Plutonia_Experiment
dem impaled soldiers
chat ded
nope
yes, no one is speaking.
That's what I get for messing with Phase.
the boredom is killing me
Serenity, this isn't just the desktop. The TEXT is 125% bigger. I talked to my mom, and yes, I guess she did it.
Ahh, okay
You can undo it in screen appearance
/me <_<
/me >_>
NOE
Phase4|NotSpai: Spai!
is someone playing doom ore are we just hearing the music?
/me shoots Phase4
Hello Lil_B, no Wrek is playing.
quick! Mods! banish the spy!
thanks AdamTheDuck
and hi everyone
D:
Serenity, why :'(
Hello Lil_B :)
Because I'm a bastard
wait... which version is this? I don't remember this shaddering screen effects
thanks MLP_Brovakiin :)
whoops
You killed Phase! You bastards!
D:
But, but, he was spai! :O
Ohai :)
Hello MaxTheBrony :)
howyd MaxTheBrony
Hello MaxTheBrony
*howdy
But I thot he was NotSpai! D:
Ohai MaxTheBrony
:)
I guess wrek is playing ?
MaxTheBrony, Eeyup
1.2/1.6gb downloaded, weeee
Good afternoon MaxTheBrony!
Good afternoon SafariMonkey :)
I never really was on your side
Phase4|DED: I was nevee really on your side either, WANKA
;P Dat phase is a spy
Some of these mods, really :S
Bastards!
now he's doing it for the lols...:D
so much ded
I'm hungry
Also hey, MaxTheBrony.
Heya Ninjazz :)
/me uses necromancer powers on Phase4|DED
/me noms Phase4|DED
/me spycrabs away
Y is Phase4 Ded :S? Who killed him
Tell me Serenity do mods taste like rainbows after death? :3
AdamTheDuck: No, not spicy enough. They taste like..meat.. *spits out Phase4*
i appear to be missing chunks of me
>phase4
Ewww, yoshi no like meatballs
>mod
>_>
<_<
c'mon gyze
Phase4: have a pony bandaid! it'll fix it!
/me gives pony band aid
: D
:D
/me hugs Dovah
Hes Baaack!
Some Doom action while I work :)
yay!
Und dann Wrek lived
ohai Phase4 :)
Hi MaxTheBrony :3
Ohai XAX :3
is there a published schedule or is it mostly just decided on the spot?
the streams?
yeah
SafariMonkey, just whoever's free and if they feel like it
SafariMonkey: whoever wants, streams
yeah
Ohey, Cypresswolf.
among the ops?
Good Morning Ninjazzz
Morning everypony :)
Morning cachi01|phone :)
Among the mods.
Morning cachi01|phone :)
Mornin' cachi01|phone
afternon cachi01|phone
Hello cachi01|phone
*afternoon
Is there any stream right now?
Hi cachi01|phone
Good Morning Everypony :)
cachi01|phone: Wrek is playing DOOM i think
Morning Cypresswolf :)
Mornin' Cypresswolf
MLP_Brovakiin k thx :)
Heya Cypresswolf :)
Morning Cypresswolf :)
Hello, everybody who says hello
Hello, everyonewho just logged in
Well I'm off to sleep, goodnight guys. :)
Night AdamTheDuck !
cachi01|phone: Do you has New Super Mario Brothers 2? :S
Sleep well
Nn, everybody who goes to bed
Serenity no sorry. Just super mario 3D land
cachi01|phone: Good, please, don't get it
XD im not planning on doing it
:P
I bought it recently, and I regret the fuck out of it
/me wishes he bought Heroes of Ruin =?
THE LEGS :D
The only.new thing it has is....... More coins. Right?
cachi01|phone: yeah
Already have 200+ lifes in world 3
Ok gentlemen we need an idea for a new mario game. New super mario bros sequel with coins. :l , new super Mario sequel with shitload of coins :O
:p
GENIUS!
MadSurge same here in 3D land lol
cachi01|phone: would have worked better as a new Wario game I think
i don't play nintendo anymore
A new wario ware
which version of Doom 2 is this? I don't remember any of these levels :/
Lil_B: i think it's brutal doom
BronyInstrumental: too bad for you, Kid Icarus Uprising is amazing :D
Lil_B im not seeing stream but i think wrek.play brutal doom and tnt
Oh great, the Funkiller is here :(
who the funkiller?
ok, thanks I was just wandering because I played Doom 2 for the first time earlier this year and I can't recall any of these levels
This mod looks fun
I havent play kid icarus uprising :(
The Cyberdemon
cachi01|phone: DO IT
/me just adopted a child
MadSurge I NEED BITS
MLP_Brovakiin: :O FOR SERIOUS?
hahain skyrim :P
MLP_Brovakiin: Big mistaek
MLP_Brovakiin: for realsies? :O
oh
*in skyrim trololo
MLP_Brovakiin dat hearthfire......
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOW KILL THE KID
Woot, download is done
Now to install Cry of Fear ^^
MLP_Brovakiin: not cool.... I cant get that dlc till later today :(
PLS TELL ME IT ALLOWS U TO KILL HIM
And if you can't, get the mod that allows you to!
Dovah: it is amazing :)
And ps3 still without dawnguard..... :/
i'm not gonna buy any skyrim DLC till i finish the actual game itself
BronyInstrumental: good idea
MLP_Brovakiin: shut up about it or I WILL hunt you down... :|
I have to play dawngiard in my xbox
AND I WANT IT FOR MAH PS3
Dovah: Sorry :(
Night gentlemen. I'm done for tonight.
Night XAX :)
Goodnight XAX
night XAX
Night Kiwi
God binding of isaac is fun
Good morning.
Nigght, night.
killerpony7733: isn't it? :D
FINALLY, DED
i haven't played blinding of isaac
^
MadSurge yep bought it last night, been enjoying the hell out of it
killerpony7733: when you feel more confident, get also the expansion
Sooo no one here has Gravity Rush (Daze)
?
DED
oh wow, I wouldnt last 5 seconds in this game...
http://doom.wikia.com/wiki/The_Plutonia_Experiment now on Caughtyard
Noep
I think
No, is it on sale?
MadSurge got that too
killerpony7733: watch out for spiders
MadSurge yeah god damn annoying on the very tight corridors
Go Daring Do!
http://doom.wikia.com/wiki/MAP07:_Caughtyard_(The_Plutonia_Experiment)
bbl
This level was a goddamn nightmare to get through
SPLAT
USE MORE PLASMA GUN
SPLAT
This is Wrek streaming?
Man, they're coming from everywhere. O_o
Eeyup
XylemTube: yup
Do cracks just represent recent damage or total damage?
Gold_Demona: you haven't seen anything
.фкдщдшдшв lol i have a bulgary keyboard
Gold_Demona: Deus Vult 2 is million times worse
MadSurge: I imagine, since this isn't the last level.
MadSurge: Final level's always the worst.
Not always.
Gold_Demona: also, secret levels
Ah yes, secret levels. Can't forget those
this is the first level of this part
Pearly as returned
awww, i mean yay
/me hugs Gold_Demona
With the nazis and the Commander Keen
/me hugs Pearly
How ya doin' Pearly? =)
Gold_Demona: :D Wolfenstein 3D nostalgia level
MadSurge: Yes, I love that level. ^^
Lol robot hitler
Wolfenstein 3D was awesome. =)
cachi01|phone: DIE, ALLIED SCHWEINHUND
Wolfenstein 3D is the bomb.
I loved finding all the hidden doors in that game.
Hug the wall and spam spacebar. XD
Makes me cry when people ask what it is. ;~;
Jmo: IKR?
Gold_Demona: Yep :D
i know what wolfenstein is but i didn't know there was a wolfenstein 3d
Jmo: what is it? :D
/me yawns "just woke up, how are you doin darlin?"
/me snuggles Gold_Demona
The same logic doesn't work as well in Doom2, but I DID find some interesting goodies that way. Like the Wolfenstein level
/me slaps Dovah around a bit with a large trout
/me is immune to larg trouts, and slapping.
Jmo: How many large trouts do you own?
ahh the best 3d realm game
Pearly: Nothin much. Just hanging out whilst I draw in my other computer.
*Minecraft water!*
Lots MLP_Brovakiin.
BronyInstrumental: Wolfenstein 3D was the real name. Before that there was Return to Castle Wolfenstein, which was more of a stealth game
/me snuggles close and watches
MadSurge: oh okay. i just call it wolfenstein cause it was 3D regardless :$
Yeah :D
Sooo guys is the wolfenstein for ps3/xbox/pc any good?
The newest one
/me snuggles with Pearly :3
I have no idea
I'm often paranoid about reboots of old forgotten games
/me snuggles with MLP_Brovakiin
Gold_Demona: yeah :(
cachi01|phone, from what I saw it did... looks like doom 3
doom 3 will be remastered
Which difficulty is this?
I can't wait
I am interested on how the King's Quest reboot will turn out though.
Pearly ikr
so I can play doom 2
that is the only reason
Gold_Demona: the fanmade remakes are pretty good
E.T videogame reboot
they are redoing ALL of kings quest?
Will it happen?
cachi01|phone: NO!
MadSurge: TellTale games is making the new King's Quest game
will someone stream a speedrun of either doom 1 or 2? Its outraging.
King's Quest 12 or 13 or something?
Gold_Demona: Then we're on good hands :D
*ahem* how about a reboot of romance of the kingdom
And TellTale makes pretty good games from what I've seen, so it should be interesting
^
reboot of ghosts and goblins?
that and kings quest was the longest games ever
At any rate they did a really good job with the Back to the Future game
it was meh
I love the Kings Quest series. It had a really fun story to it
Also Space Quest.
not sure if capcom would want to ewdo that
Gold_Demona, KQ was good
Wasn't Ghosts and Goblins like CRAZY hard?
But the walking dead is awesome
Space Quest was the one with the most contempt for the gamer :D
Yes it was
MadSurge: yes, I loved that. XD
And I loved how in Space Quest, the hero accidently saves the universe multiple times. :P
And the deaths were hilarious for that :D
Dammit i need to play that game
My favorite was in Space Quest 2, where he got ground into grade D hamburger
Anyone know what difficulty this is on?
If you waited too ,ong to get off the conveyer belt and wind up falling into the gears. :P
too long*
sleep time
Gold_Demona: and a *CENSORED* bar appeared :D
Back when you had to type in what you wanted the character to do. lol XD
Your character doesnt kniw how to ''fuck'' something
lol, No WONDER Roger Wilco's a virgin. XD
I wanted to play the game that Tom Hawks played in BIG
I remember in a Freelance Astronauts video they told the character to do something "for the love of God"
hello
hi poniesareweird :)
hey poniesareweird
The game replied "I don't understand God" :D
U new here?
in Space quest 2, when you get brought down onto the planet and the hovercraft goes down, you can type "fuck corpse" or "rape corpse" (I forgot) and you will get an angry messege from the developers XD
hello poniesareweird
Hi poniesareweird
Good afternoon poniesareweird
MadSurge lolwut
yay
Lil_B: LOL that's awesome
poniesareweird hi :)
Lil_B thats it. Im getting this game
cachi01|phone spece quest is awesome, but I don't know if the minds of current gamers can comprehend that level of thinking :/
hello
In case anyone missed it, he's on Realm from The Plutonia Experiment
Hey applejack`
slender have returned! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeM74lMOQu8&feature=plcp
hi applejack`
Lil_B Bitch please. I am a GENIUS
hello applejack`
I love how the second game ends with Roger saving the Two Guys from Andromeda (the game's creators)
/me tips her hat and looks at applejack` "how ar eya darlin?"
cachi01|phone or are you getting some kind of remade version?
poniesareweird: no video links during stream!
oH poniesareweird please read the rules :) u cant post video links
but slender...
Lil_B nope.
he jsut wants a hug
hello, MadSurge , MLP_Brovakiin , SafariMonkey , Pearly ;))
i'm he
Lil_B i will download the original when i fix nah laptopt
video links during stream is not allowed
not she
poniesareweird: no vid links during stream, and slender isn't that scary....or fun in general
:D
cachi01|phone wait... let's see if you can answer the following question than :) to see if you think correctly
Ok
BronyInstrumental: Gigabit found a way in the last podcast to make it funny :D
Seeya guys
Slender is so fucking funny if u make ur little brother play it XD
/me giggles at applejack`
giggle at the ghosty :DD
Lol nope
Slender aint a ghosty
cachi01|phone you have to get through a maze, it's completly dark and you have to climp a lot of ladders, but you have a glowing gem to give you some light, what do you have to type in order to have the gem out while climbing the ladders?
Slenderman*
Slenderman is creepy, so I guess you guffaw at him?
^
gigabit gave slender a hug when he played it saturday
ok, i must buy last things to school ...
Lil_B: hold gem?
Lil_B : PING HUG
Lil_b uhmmmmm hold gem with mouth
Now on Abbatoire
!bacon
NOT EVEN PINKIE PIE SURVIVES THE SLENDERMAN
cachi01|phone: yes she can.
cachi01|phone wow, almost corret Oo "put gem in mouth" I guess you are good to go :P
poniesareweird : ponies arent weird yhere sweet
Lil_B yay :)
Play sleder on the stream!
MadSurge how can you hold it while you are on the ladders :P
/me hugs Maid_RainBow back :)
yay
Lil_B: put it on your pants, duh
MadSurge yeah i guess she can survive but she cant giggle to make him dissapear.
Lil_B : /)
Lil_B I remember that part, lol
Maid_RainBow (\
cachi01|phone: no but she can make him gigle
MadSurge "put gem in mouth"
Dovah...... Slendy has no feelings
Lil_B: SAME :D
Dovah slendy has no mercy
MadSurge tell that the game :P
cachi01|phone: brb :|
Dovah that picture is fake
Lil_B: which game?
MadSurge the game you just lost...
Dovah IRL she would have escaped
Lil_B: ANSWER
MadSurge Space Quest 2 :P
cachi01|phone: what picture?
Dovah the one u were going to.bring
cachi01|phone: 0.o
cachi01|phone oh, and do yourself a favour (the same holds true for all Sierras Adventure Games) "Safe Early, Safe often"
Safe?
save*
:)
I always confuse safe and save
Lil_B lol ok. I guess multiple endings right?
Lil_B: they come from the same route
at least I got than and then down now
*root
Lil_B: You a native english speaker?
cachi01|phone nope, You gonna die that way or the other so just please save often
cachi01|phone: There's technically only one to any of the Space Quest games. Also only one true solution. If you count the hundreds of ways you can die, there are several endings. :P
SafariMonkey nope, I'm german
Wow I have just picked up everything I own in skyrim to move it and it all weighs 5000+ jeez i should go on that 'hoarders' program :P
cachi01|phone: more like "the dev liked to put in dick moves and you might have missed a vital item in the prologue that you need in the end" :D
Lil_B: for someone who doesn't speak native english, you speak it pretty damn well :)
Lil_B Gold_Demona Madsurge ok thx lol
MLP_Brovakiin: you made skyrim referacne, You dun Goof'd
BronyInstrumental thanks :)
Dovah: Why?
i've been doing german for 3 years and i'm no good at it :$
I watched a lets play series on YouTube of all the Space Quest and King's Quest games played by a Swedish guy who basically learned English playing these games, lol.
MLP_Brovakiin: you just DID thats why!
Dovah....... 9gag.com/gag/5166730
YEAH 9FAG LINK DEAL WITH IT
cachi01|phone yeah... what MadSurge said XD or the other way around, example: A unstable material you pick up at some point may explode somewhere else when you have to jump down somehwere :P
Dovah: Thats a bit ironic, considering that your name is dovah and all :P
MLP_Brovakiin: Your skyrim speaks is reminding me I cant get the dlc for like 8 more hours!!!
Lil_B: Very good. I realised as safe/save isn't the type of thing native english speakers have trouble with, but otherwise I wouldn't have known. Good job!
Lil_B ok this game sounds so fricking hilarious
Lil_B: and you can't go back to put it back down! :D
Dovah: You jelly :D
cachi01|phone it is, it's worth to get killed just to see the dialoge XD
Like Mcpixel! Where every shit explodes without a reason!
MLP_Brovakiin: I will eat you :|
Dovah: COME AT ME BRO :P
/me eats MLP_Brovakiin
MadSurge well, I think in the fanremake you can get a bunny or something, put it in there, and throw it to the big plant so it explodes
Lil_B: english is my second language too.
You monster Dovah.
/me cuts his way out of Dovah's belly
It's especially fun in Space Quests 4 and 6, which both have voice acting in them, including Gary Owens as the narrator. XD
SafariMonkey thanks, where are you from?
MLP_Brovakiin: 1 question i have tho, can you buy land anywhere you want or are there set locations?
Lil_B: in the original it was just "pick it up, put it back down, get points" :D
MadSurge "Blow nose" worth like 100 points in one of those games :/
Lil_B: well, technically. I used to live in Senegal, west Africa
Lil_B: "pick nose" in the Quest for Glory games :D
SafariMonkey oh, sounds nice, where do you live now?
I loved the taste button in Space Quest 4.
MadSurge XD
Or was it 3?
Lil_B: My dad is native british though, now I live in Cornwall
You could lick random objects. :3
And you'd get a message on how it tastes
Dovah: You can buy only 3 plots of land, one in the Pale, one in Falkreath and one in Hjalmarch, You get a letter about them sometime after you download the DLC
YUM Gold_Demona :D
MadSurge I actually haven't played any of those, I only saw Space quest 2 and 3 and Leisure Suite Larry 1-3 on LordKats Stream
Lil_B: 4 years now
MUTATED
i'm native british, english to be exact :3
SafariMonkey is that in england?
MLP_Brovakiin: I see.
I think it was 4, cuz I think I remember the narrator telling you how things tasted
SafariMonkey u live in south africa? Have u ever went to equestria? I mean the real one
Lil_B: yeah, but don't tell that to the locals. :P
You could lick things like the street and the wall. :P
cachi01|phone: *West* Africa
There was no practical purpose for the taste function other than "for shits and giggles"
Oh
I did say. :P
btw, the "2 Guys from Andromeda" made a Kickstarter shortly after Schäfer started his and they said, that the narrator from SQ4 will be there again :)
Morning everypony
Hia Moopy :)
hey there
hey Lil_B and Moopy
hello Moopy
Good Morning, everypony! How are you all today? :)
Yay, Wrek won!
cachi01|phone: Don't worry about it. Most people I speak to seem to think West Arica is in South Arica
Morning Moopy
hia Pearly :)
hey guys
05think thats enough for today
bye everypony dinner is ready
so were watching doom huh?
Hello AJIsAwesome How are you? :)
DINNER
Best track of classic Doom :D
05tahts anotehr 7 hours ive streamed today
05hope you liked it!
SafariMonkey: ? that doesn't even make any sense. how could west africa possibly be in south africa?
Wrek: What difficulty was that?
Wrek: we sure did! :$
bye Maid_RainBow you shall feast well XD
'twas a lot of fun, Wrek :)
05SafariMonkey: Ultraviolence
05basically hardest
Twas awesome, Wrek. =D
05sicne nightmare ins neigh impossible
BronyInstrumental well... Technically the south pole is the north pole...
Wrek: Nightmare is a practical joke
MLP_Brovakiin: Pretty good. How about you? :)
cachi01|phone: yeah, but west and south aren't opposites
I think west Africa was one of the very few german colonies before WW1 ... but I'm not entirely sure
AJIsAwesome: I am fine thank you :)
I never play nightmare, cuz you can't use cheats in that mode. And I'm a wimpy noob who can't play Doom without god mode. :<
05Gold_Demona: aaw is ok ^_^
05though ive played doom on and off since i was 3
BronyInstrumental: No, it's that whenever I tell someone I'm from west africa, they assume I mean south
05so :|
Wham!
05i guess i love knowing a game in and out
Wrek: Me too. :P
the only real oldschool point and click adventures I played myself and still love is the Monkey island Series
If u play doom in nightmare mode. U gonna have a bad time
/me sits on Vivixs head
oh yeah guys try play doom 3
/me wraps a soft turban around Jmo
Woo~ :3
SafariMonkey: oh :$
I grew up playing Doom. I even had a collection of WADs lying around.
even in german the register of books in the Library is freaking hilarious
hia Vivix :P
isn't nightmare double ammo?
05doom 3 is a different kind of game entirely
I played broken sword more than I played Monkey Island, but I want to play it
05doom 1 2 etc are arcade shooters
Hiya BronyInstrumental
Gold_Demona including the ultimate doom and tnt?
05doom 3 is the base of todays cod eyc
Hello everypony.
hello ven
05its jsut runs so differently
Hi VenHur :)
hi VenHur and Vivix :)
that it does Wrek
Chat derped.
Good afternoon VenHur
Hi Lil_B
VenHur: Hi! :)
Morning everyone
and hi AJIsAwesome ;)
Vivix: hello! :)
AND hi CreeperPillow XD
Hiya AJIsAwesome ^^
Good afternoon CreeperPillow
Hello CreeperPillow.
Hi CreeperPillow :) lol dat new name
Morning, CreeperPillow! :)
hi AJIsAwesome
Hello CreeperPillow
cachi01|phone No, I never played ultimate, and I'm not sure I remember tnt. Most of the wads I collected were themed mods based on things i Liked. Like this one Sailor Moon WAD that replaced all the monsters with Sailor Moon villains. :P
/me hugs all that pinged her
Gold_Demona lol
So many his and hellos. :D
How you guys doing?
im good
SafariMonkey: Hello! :)
Ohai dar CreeperPillow
so far so good
I remember me and my friends tried to put Doom2 wad on a diskette to copy it to eachother, and was surprised that it was too big
Oh the 90s
CreeperPillow: Pretty good. How about you? :)
LOL, Ikr Vivix?
Oh, Floppy disks.
How I don't miss thee
Ah memories
hehe
My generation is bad and i should feel bad....
... I'm still kinda amazed that my Childhood was 80's like during the 90's and 90's like during the 2K's :/
Vivix: I have something to send to you in response to your comment. :D
now even CDs or evern standard size DVDs can be too small
well 2000-2005 at least
AJIsAwesome, Oh?
hey Vivix
how old are you cachi01|phone ?
yo Pearly
I'm alright you guys.
http://i.imgur.com/Wy80j.png THIS
Lil_B 14
Lil_B, I remember I spent most of 2000's outside playing in the forest with my friends
Lil_B i was born in march, 1998
Vivix: Here you go. :D http://youtu.be/up863eQKGUI?t=46s
I bouht hl1 in 1998 D=
march, 1984 here
my first game ever
on my own that is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hi3XMsVogt0&feature=youtube_gdata_player this is the video i wanted to share lol
AJIsAwesome I'm fine. Downloading some musics
Well my childhood was the late 90s, back when the N64 and the Dominoes's Pizza was new.
*logo
how are you?
I remember renting a N64 at the video store- ah good times
cachi01|phone: That's AWESOME! :D
july 1998~
my sister threw it at the wall at how finicky Mario controls were
Oh my lord AJIsAwesome!
i still have my n64 :D
I have plenty of well known games for it, Mario 64, Starfox 64, Wave Race 64...
That was an interesting read BronyInstrumental
Sup party people
Jmo: ikr?
I remember renting a Sega Dreamcast at Blcokbuster.
*Blockbuster*
....Huh, it seems like all the good games got 64 in the titles. Doom 64...
Hi, everypony! :)
Oh guys apparently Valve is going to Hardware.......
Hello Pinkie-Pie3175
We never really had Nintendos in the house, despite mom being a huge NES fan and Mario fan, so I grew up with computer games and amiga games
So we might see a valve console
Vivix aww :/ I never had friends as a kid to play outside with :/ not much other kids in my age group and nobody was really interested :/
I saw that I make a lot of :/
Pinkie-Pie3175: Hello! :)
Aww
Oh, and I got some underrated games...like War Gods and this one game called Mickey...USA Speedway I think it's called?
:)
Hello Pinkie-Pie3175
VenHur: Is the latter for the Gamecube?
Is there a stream on or is my thing not working?
i live in the ghetto. even if i wanted to play outside i would probably be shot for something or other
No, it's an N64 game.
VenHur: Oh, nvm then. :$
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HaS3K0tbgA&feature=youtube_gdata_player Valve might do a Steam based console
HoodyNinja: no stream
BronyInstrumental: Where do you live?
cachi01|phone: Ogod
Think of the game like Mario Kart, just with the Disney brand splattered all over it.
SafariMonkey: bistol, england
bristol*
the ghetto of bristol being southmead
BronyInstrumental: *Bristol?
Bye everypony I am off to bed.
They have fierce chickens their
BronyInstrumental: OK
goodnight Rommulus
oh... the N64 <3
Bye Rommulus.
Bye Rommulus :)
Goodbye Rommulus
/me still has his N64
ᶠᶫᵘᵗᵗᵉʳˢʰʸ ᶦˢ﻿ ᵇᵉˢᵗ ᵖᵒᶰʸ
AJIsAwesome, that..video is insane
I know right? That's thing was A MONSTROUSITY! ...But in a good way.
Vivix: I know, right? :D
/me has a NES a SNES and a N64........
/me needs more retro consoles
hey guys
It's time for this pony to get her morning coffee
hello alexxm
Fluttershy is best pony? ...I agree...
Hi alexxm :)
hey alexxm
/me used to have a sega genesis
Hey alexxm!
Hello alexxm how are you?
hi alexxm
/me snuggles MLP_Brovakiin
/me still has a NES, SNES, 64, and PS (doesn't work :( )
I know way too many stupid people
05ah hell
Oh yeah i also have a PD
how you doing HoodyNinja cachi01|phone MadSurge MLP_Brovakiin and Gold_Demona
05i can queue some movies for you
PS*
/me snuggles Pearly back :3
/me have a NES, SNES, N64, Gamecube, Wii, PS, PS3, Xbox, DS, and a GBA.
alexxm: Hello! :)
Doing good alexxm
i have no consoles, i'm a PC gamer (granted i do have my 360 but i scarcely use it)
Damnit Wrek I can't stay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qs8KeAuYq0
And by Xbox, I meant the original.
sup AJIsAwesome
gamecube was my favorite console ever
N64, Wii and GBC ... maby buying an normal GB in big grey
I just noticed this, but it seems most of us here are gamers
I mainly use PC, as such I don't really know any classic console games
Venhur i have nes, snes, n64, ps1, 2, and 3, xbox 360 S, wii, all the DS, a gameboy Advance, and a ps vita
Except the XL Ds
cachi01|phone: NNNNNEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERD!
I grew up on both console and PC, but I haven't been interested in any consoles after the GameCube and PS2
XD
Same here, because it was the first console I played back in the early 2000s, when I was um... 5 or 6 year old.
I don't know, I sucks at remembering sometimes.
Gold_Demona: same, the only console game i play regularly now is FFX, and that's just cause it's fun as hell to play
First console I had was PS2, but I only really played GTASA on it
My mom kicked my ass at snes mariokart
well- very first console was Sega something, but I can't remember much of the gamees
BronyInstrumental wait till u get the AHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Scene.....
Gold_Demona: Yeah, when you have a good PC you don't need console
cachi01|phone: oh, i have
But I do know that some of the earliest game I played was Melee, Luigi's Mansion, Mario Sunshine, and Simpsons Road Rage.
Vivix genesis?
cachi01|phone: i've cleared it, 100%
SafariMonkey: Especially when all the good console games are also available on PC
mmaybe, I have the controller here-
I I had the Money I would buy a NES + SNES immidietly XD but that will have to wait
Sega Mega Drive
I want a dreamcast and a genesis
/me can't find old nintendo consoles anywhere
I prefer Melee over Brawl in terms of controls.
I remember how they advertise the system. "GENESIS DOES WHAT NINTENDON'T".
Vivix its a genesis plug in lol
Gold_Demona: Only thing I miss is multiplayer with my console friends
but it was just one machine-
mom bought it down the street when I was a kid
VenHur: still better than the Jaguar :D
/me only has a Sega Genesis controller, but no Sega Genesis. :D
VenHur XDDD James rolfe made a video when he was a kid about that
we played..sonic and some..platform game
SafariMonkey: I didn't do a whole lot of multiplayer... Still don't. Almost all my games have been single-player
The one about a little star.... Running aroubd getting more stars....
What was its name?
/me remembers console multiplayer
cachi01|phone: Ristar?
Ah, good times
:)
Yeah ristar lol
MadSurge: Yeeaah, is it me, or does Atari always sucks when it comes to thier consoles?
Man, on my Genesis I had a LOT of Disney games. It was ridiculous how many Disney games I had
Sega Genesis = sega mega drive in europe
MadSurge yeah that one lol
so that clears that up-
/me sigh
I mean, they ALMOST destroyed video games forever back in the video game crash of 1983 or 1982 I think.
I have to go
VenHur: Ikr
Next period is starting, goodbye people
HoodyNinja: Bye. :(
But then came Mario...god, imagine what's the world is like if it wasn't for Mario.
byaa
bye HoodyNinja
MadSurge well it does looks and plays like a sonic game. And the stages are very similiar
Mario saved video games... The same way Pok?mon saved the Gameboy
so yeah first console I got was a Sega Genesis(mega drive in europe) and after that nothing until PS2, but my mom had some nintendos I played now and then
Which do you prefer: Pocket Monsters or Pokemon?
Im playing pokemon crystal roght now
Right*
If it hadn't been for mario, adventure games might have been top10 now
/me LOVES the songs from the Minecraft Alpha album
/me didn't beat his Pokemon Yellow until this year. :D
hello :3
/me has never played pokemon
AjIsAwesome i havent even started my yellow adventure lol
sonicandmario85: Hello! :)
herro sonicandmario85!
Vivix: :O WHat?
Never played Pokemon?
hello sonicandmario85
Wat?
Vivix: Just kidding. :$
I wasn't a console kid, it was unavailable ;__;
hehe
Vivix not even stadium?
holy god I am suffering from unbelievable amounts of bordom.
cachi01|phone, no, firend had it so I tried it once, but no more
I wish they put more effort into Pokemon Battle Revolution.
/me has never played pokemon until B/W
Dovah https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HaS3K0tbgA&feature=youtube_gdata_player
GIVE SLENDER MAN 20$ DOLLARS
Let's talk about the SNES while we're waiting.
OR YOU DIE
Dovah wrong link sorry
05just so you guys know
Lil_B: I have a mix between Equinoxe, Minecraft, and Droopy Likes Your Face
05i got hold of a new copy of the arn movie
05withotu the werids skip
Arn movie?
Ah yes, the SNES. That's thing...IS A MONTROUSITY!
Nice!
05so maybe tomorrow ill show those 2 movies
Its been like a month since we watched them no wrek?
The Super FX chip, An INCREDIBLE library of games, and MODE. BUCKING. 7.
MODE SEVEN
Mode 7
WHATS THIS MODE I'VE NEVER HEARD OF
05cachi01|phone: yeah about that
bbbrrrooooookkkeee kkkeeeyyybbboooaaarrrddd aaagggaaaiiinnn ...
I'd play some DaS but that would require me walking 3 feet.. not gonna happen... :P
hey, bashing on it helped....
Mode 7?
SUMICA STREAM
Stream!!
I see Sumi!
PONIES
FUCK YEAH
COWARD KILLING TIME
Dat Sumi stream
and now I'm not bored.
Dr Who!
Sumica: Wtf! I Just finished listening to the Song of that, and thot the video loops!
Mode 7 is amazing, especially when used in games to bend Pitmaps like when you are traveling on a world in RPGs
:D
Oooooh mode seven is what allowed the SNES to have the 3D capability
That was great
I loved the Effect in "Terranigma"
Doctor Who? With the 9th Doctor?
Lil_B: playing that now :D
Sumi, how often do you stream Netflix? O_o
00,10more often now that I have it
cachi01|phone no, 3D was FX Chip, Mode 7 was rotating, bending of Bitmaps
Oooh.... DAMMIT WIKIPEDIA
MadSurge Terranigma is one of the best games to never hit the US
HOLY SHIT! ITS ONE HUNDRED AND 12 DEGREES OUTSIDE RIGHT NOW
cachi01|phone: and growing/shrinking sprites
http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mode_7#section_1
sonicandmario85: dah phuq do u live?
That's one amazing set they made for the TARDIS's interior.
00,10sounds like what vegas would have
Dova:well it was yesterday i live in terloten
terolten*
My browser crashed. :|
Lil_B: meh. Soul Blazer and Illusion of Gaia were better Imo
Sumica:i went to vegas a few days ago
00,10the weather has been nice recently
MadSurge Illusion of gaia is for me on the Same Level at Terranigma, but Soul Blazer is (still awesome) not as good
Same where I lives, Sumica.
i wonder if its hot because the earths a littler closer to the sun
Its about to Storm here, lol
Do you have the uncut full episode of An Unearthly Child? Youtube keeps removing the episode footage due to copyright...
00,10dis is sad
i didnt went to school today YAY
cachi01|phone: How?
Dis is a BAWWWWWW episode
well crap
i dont go to school the internet is my schoool
AjIsAwesome the clock alarm didnt worked xD
XD
school*
00,10paradox
Internet is best teacher
well this can only end well
cachi01|phone:i actually learned how to spell on here from peole typing things XD
TIME PARADOX!!
people*
00,10you are an idiot rose
THAT WOMAN HAS MADE A TIME PARADOX!
(\/)OwO(\/) Zoidberg approves
YOU DOOMED THE FABRIC OF TIME AND SPACE, ROSE!
well done rose you've doomed us all
doctors pissed
00,10the langolears are coming
What did she do?
PARADOX DETECTED
00,10she saved her dad from dieing
Sumica: OH. :O
INTERNET IS BEST TEACHER
00,10Dr is not pleased
She shou;dn't have done that.......:S
*shouldn't*
Sumica i thought it was because the past thems saw them
BEEEEN
00,10that too alexxm
I AM NOT AMUSED BY YOUR SILLYNESS.
Im hungry BRB BREAKFAST
well... what cachi01|phone , brb
WHAT cachi01|phone just said*
Hallo everypony :)
Sumica: The Doctor's turning 50 soon, so in honor of that, I must make a request if you like.
+hia tSparx :)
tSparx: Hi! :)
how you doing tSparx
9 is really underrated. I really like how cynical he is.
people are stupid these days arent they?
00,10oh just gonna leave you 15 years in your past too rose
You're an idiot Rose. :|
sonicandmario85: People have always been stupid. They just shift into different kinds of stupid
thanks for streaming Herr Smi :)
so many ded people
00,10so what's that VenHur?
alexxm:DED
That's Roses pa?
Sumica: In honor of Doctor Who almost 50 Anniversary, Can you show the entire series? Starting with "An Unearthly Child"?
*50th
Whoa, a big request O.O
VenHur you do know a lot of the older episodes are missing right?
yay me
Would be funny if it was just that he found the wrong police box. :P
i hear rickroll
alexxm: Oh...I didn't know.
Dat Rick Astley
00,10the song
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK
DAT RCK ASTLEY :D
ITS EVERYWHERE
*RICK*
/me actually loves this song
hahah this cider ep is funny
Chat just got Rick Roll'd?
WHY!?!?!
I HEARD RICK ASTLEY!
00,10rickrolling before it was cool
doctor who rick rolled us
Pearly: IKR?
Dance, Sumica
DANCE SUMICA OR THE CREEPER KILLS YOU
did myself rr chat?
hahah pinkie "oh have enough for me?" haha
Sumica has a point, the show was made in 2005, About a year before Youtube came along. :D
Don't stop dancing, don't even blink.
sonicandmario85: : lolol I'm not gonna hurt anybody unless provoked :3
00,10yeah that was why I said it VenHur
/me zombie attacks CreeperPillow
someone was calling me a creepy pony, vi text last night... since I like mlp.. oh well
/me hisses
Pearly: You're not. Don
... is anyone else hearing a BUNCH of *beep* (ping) noises?
*Don't listen to them*
tparx:its sumica silly filly
sonicandmario85: I thought Smi had custom pings
tSparx:he probaly switched it back
AJIsAwesome_, wha?
I got to say, the 9th Doctor looked more serious than his later incarnations.
sonicandmario85: I just heard Sumica's normal ping though >_> I'm hearing like the default windows *beep*
hahah mig mac is funy as always
big
Pearly: I said don't listen to them, you're fine who you are. :)
lol dem beeeetamax tapes
VenHur: Eccleston!Doctor never stopped the Sycorax in his PJ's.
AJIsAwesome_, thanks
God, what a bitch she is.
That's what you get for playing with time.....:S
NO! NOT THE CHILDREN!
yeah the 9th doctor seemed more threatening i guess
00,10things just indiscrimnatly kill
Im back :)
AJIsAwesome_: time is a finicky bitch isnt she?
DoctoDocorWho: Yep.
how many eps showed today?
cachi01|phone: Welcome back! :)
wb cachi :)
Zawan: One.
this one?
What the hell is that?
Paradox monsters
Good ol' Reapers
00,10just in time
Sumica: dat pun
Sumica: Oh you and your silly puns.
Whenever I think of doctor who, I think of 10 or 11, even for 9's stories
only this episode showed today?
AJIsAwesome_, everyone has to be a flippin critic on what one likes and don't like
00,10rose tyler, you done fucked up
I remembered all the actual episode story's being with 9, but I forgot that they were tied to the badwolf plot :$
Pearly: Ikr?
of course it's your fault
Rose dun goofed. :D
Sumica: oniichan?
oh and has badwolf been mentioned yet? and if so how many times
AJIsAwesome_: Consequences will never be the same
ROSE, THIS IS YOUR FAULT, IF YOU HAVEN'T SAVED YOUR FATHER, WE WOULDN'T BE IN THIS PARADOX!
Zawan: Badwolf's hinted at at least once every ep. in ssn. 1
00,10time to feed
least I am gettng back to watching cartoons
I just realized that I 'm wearing a "Doctor Whooves" shirt and watching Doctor Who.
haha AJIsAwesome_
Pearly: I LUFF cartoons :)
This is one of my favorite quotes!
AJIsAwesome_: they have shirts?!?!
I am just a cartoon nut
DoctoDocorWho, yes
Same here.
DoctoDocorWho: Hot Topic, my friend.
Pearly: That means you're gonna get eaten by a cartoon squirrel :$
wished hot topic had them LARGER sizes
Doesn't We Love Fine have a Whooves shirt?
dat awkward question
Gold_Demona: Yep.
With the tardis and the weeping pegasi
*takes off sunglasses to reveal another pair of identical sunglasses* Bloddy hell,
Cartoons are kind of good now actually, we got [obviously] Ponies, Gravity Falls, Phineas and Ferb...
00,10which whooves
Gold_Demona: Oh. Then I'm not sure.
he gone white as a skeleton literally
00,10young micky
VenHur:and adventure time
I'm sick of Phineas and Ferb, in my opinion. :S
VenHur, yeah
the hub has g1 of transformers
Bloody*
AjIsAwesome_ same here
I grew upliking HB cartoons
Jake the dog and Finn the human
I met HB
I like HB cartoons too.
VenHur phineas and ferb is the same thing every episode...
00,10a bigger paradox
9 is blunt. :P
cachi01|phone because it doesnt have much episodes
I dislike those who says that MLP FIM is "for girls"
HB cartoons are epic
YOU travel through time for weeks without any prior experience, see how stupid YOU get.
hahahaa pinkie pie "yes sir, ma'am sir" haha
Pearly: FiM was targeted for girls, but made for EVERYONE :)
I am using that for now on
oH LOOK! Dr. Who
cachi01|phone: It doesn't matter about the repeative plots, the writing's still good and the songs are fun.
#1 rule of time travel: TOUCH. NOTHING.
tSparx, then why can't people KNOW that?
I love Phineas and Ferb's formulaic style, personally.
suddenly buffer
Pearly: Because people don't want to learn, they just want to know <_<
VenHur: It's not that, it's just that people I knew were fanatics ad kept shoving the show down my throat.
thats the tardis?
*and*
VenHur...... The songs annoy me lol and the writing? Dude its just HEY I KNOW WHAT WE R GOING TO DO HEY WHERES PERRY?
Pearly: Because people think "targeted to" and "made for" are the same thing.
Pearly: Why can't no one understands that MLP FIM is a show for MAINLY MENS WITH MUSTACHES AND BEARDS!
Then the invention disdapears
Ss*
Ponyville confidential I learned alot form just one episode
VenHur: I do have a beard...
Same here
I do have a moustache....
00,10the thing is smart production studios realise that parents often watch shows with their kids
I've got a scraggly little goatee :)
hello everypony
VenHur:wel...its for little girls too
Gold_Demona, Tell then my friend this
00,10it may be targeted to kids but if they make it so adults can enjoy it as well
I have a short beard and a mustache. :D
DoctorWhoovesV10: hello me
hey DoctorWhoovesV10
DoctorWhoovesV10: Hello! :)
the i love lucy clip.. how adult can you get from that NO ONE WILL UNDERSTAND that, sorry?
DoctoDocorWho: which regeneration are you? lol. :D
unles if they watched that eo of i love lucy
Pearly: That's the point. :D
DoctoDocorWho: hey you failed at your nick.
Sumica:is the weeping angels episode after this? i wanna see it so badly XD
AJIsAwesome_, yeah
/me sadly never watched I Love Lucy...yes, you can raise your pitchforks now.
I cant quite remember which one, but Im on netflix DoctorWhoovesV10
I only watched it every now and then as a child.
ROSE, YOU IDIOT!!!
was it 9?
oh dear
Doc
This time it wasn't Rose's fault
All Jackie's fault that time :D
GODDAMMIT, ROSE
YOU EEDIOT! :|
*nom*
nomnomnom
what in the hell is that
doctor got nommed
ALLONS-Y
I like this series. I shall have to download it whenever I get my computer back.
ROSE, YOU. SICK LITTLE MONKEY!
DON'T. TOUCH. THE. KEY. DAMMIT!
CreeperPillow: Dr.Who is cheap, and pithy, and OH SO MUCH FUN :$
tSparx: Should I start with this one and work my way up or should I start with the old ones
CreeperPillow: I *personally* wouldn't bother with the old ones, but that's just me.
i remember that it hurt like hell
tSparx: Okay then.
tSparx: Start the entire series from "An Unearthly Child" up to the recent episode.
time is now fucked up because of rose
CreeperPillow: They explain all the backstory in the new one, and honestly some of it has changed since the old series
I started on the new series
docto
tSparx: But keep in mind that the older episodes are rare to be found.
Technically you can't start with the old ones cuz most of the old episodes are gone.
tSparx some old episodes are missing as well
gone?
tSparx: Okay then.
Yeah, lost in a fire
DoctorWhoovesV10: isnt 9 the one where he gets stranded by a black hole?
as in the BBC lost them
That's bad
VenHur: Not really, they're either here or lost forever.
Wirisme: unless someone digitalized it from the 1960's its gone
DoctoDocorWho: ur nick, add a 't' in docor
BBC, WHY YOU NO RELEASE THE COMPLETE SERIES WITH ALL SEVEN DOCTORS?!
lol, that'd involve some time travel I think
VenHur: 'Cause they lost some of them
He knows what he has to do
:(
Cuz didn't the fire happen before digital was even an option?
VenHur they lost most of the black and white episodes
Scrapped him, actually, threw them away :P
00,10because they recorded over s11 of who
00,10er s1
No fire, not to my knowledge, they were literally taped over.
STREAM WEEPING ANGELS
what's the girl called?
hahahah I seen this ep..
wow that's... wow
this is funnty
Alchemist: Rose
rbd is bed bound
Alchemist: Rose.
Alchemist:YOU NEVER WATCHED DR.WHO?!
DoctorWhoovesV10: so we are both the same doctor? Dammit, more paradoxes!
sonicandmario85: Leave him be.
sonicandmario85: nope
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doctor_Who_missing_episodes
Alchemist: Dude! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU!?
ohey Alchemist
*raise hand tentatively* I never watched it either
VenHur: it was never broadcasted in hungary
im pissed now
sonicandmario85: There's nothing wrong with not watching it
Lil_B: ohai :)
he lives
Alchemist: ... *raises fist* HUNGAAAAAAAAAARRRYY!
He made the ultimate sacrifice. Killing himself to save everyone. :(
00,10but alot of who was lost to time
He died to restore the timeline :'(
wow, for getting hit by a car, that car took like NO damage
00,10the early seasions were not saved
You think THIS is sad, just wait until New Earth *shudder*
see? NOTHING
I can't find Rose's actor on IMDB, the name Rose is not credited there...
not even a scratch
DoctoDocorWho: how the hell. wait i am a pony, the 10th pony after i got stuck in ponyvile
Billie Piper
Alchemist: Billie Piper
00,10all the feels
she's cute methinks
And she would be credited as Rose Tyler.
00,10momieeeee
And so it begins AGAIN!
I should arrange for a day to watch Doctor Who with my friend one day....
Love The Empty Child
are you my mummy?
Capt. Jack!~
00,10and captan grabass
Are you my mummy? oo
Sumica"DO WEEPING ANGELS ONE PLEASE
Mummy?
Richard Wilson!
00,10sorry no
sonicandmario85: We've been going in order
DoctorWhoovesV10: Doctor Whooves is v11, thats the accepted theory
He's totally not evil, right?
boy you're an obnoxious little monkey aren't you
Kencolt: no Rose Tyler is credited at IMDB
AJIsAwesome_: Who, Capt. Jack? Nah! He's like, morally grey at worst.
I love the entire series as a whole...
tSparx: I was just joking around. :D
Ooh, next episode!
is this hulu?
I love Jack Harkness.
sonicandmario85: NETFLIX, I think.
Kencolt: oh nevermind, I was looking at the old series, the one that ended at 1989
It's Netflix
THAT AIN'T DERPY AS assistant, not interested :P
AJIsAwesome_:looks like hulu
alright, I'm out for now :$
"Why are we chasing this" "BECAUSE IT'S A PRETTY COLOR"
"Also, it's heading for London"
Are there any Dr who creepypastas around?
00,10sorry about the ineruption
the empty child
yes sumi?
/me watches the buffer wheel
DoctoDocorWho: well sir you missunderstand i am the 10 "pony" doctor
Yay! Moffat episode. :D
Doctor: "Um...Rose, we seems to have stumbled onto a case of a time freezing process..."
I thought RP wasn't allowed here. O_o
RP?
Gold_Demona: Just not excessive.
I see
SafariMonkey: Role PLaying.
AJIsAwesome_: Just realised. :P
Dr richtofen travels through time....... Doest he count as a Dr?
HAY GUYS
DoctorWhoovesV10: Aha! ponies and humans, Brilliant!
HI FLOOTASHY!
HOW IS EVERYPONEH
cachi01|phone: So does Doctor Brown. :P
Hello Flootahshy
And acording to the show's bible. The Doctor can regenerate 12 times, so now he has only one more regenartion before he is gone for good.
00,10I had to take care of somthing is all
how you doing Flootahshy
*regeneration
VenHur: Aw man.....:(
VenHur LOL respawning.in 3,2,1
00,10oh hey you know what this needs?
DoctoDocorWho: FANTASTIC! oh i havent said that in a long time
VenHur: That's changed, after the Time War that changed.
Will you be streaming the s7 episodes?
Sumica: WHat does it need?
00,10that
Yay, A Doctor Whooves Pony!
"5 days? or is that just when we're out of milk?":D
...Wait...Doctor Who...and Doctor Whooves...
Dat time Turner
"Gimme some Spock" :P
SUMICA! DID YOU JUST INVENTED A PARADOX?!
Doctor whooves real name is time turner
00,10dat kids a pyro
da pyro's a spai?
Oh god its pyro the early years
TF2 before TF2 was cool.
....h-hello?
Hi Therobloxguy
how are things Therobloxguy
Therobloxguy: good morning
Hello Therobloxguy
wtf keep the hell away from it!
00,10he's kinda boreing
ROSE, NO! DON'T BE AN IDIOT!
oh boy, the stupid wench is going to fuck everything up again, isn't she
(if anyone doesnt know im sonicandmario85.....XD)
Hi therobloxguy! Yo dawg i heard u liek roblox
My browser keeps crashing. :|
why is rose always an idiot
cachi01|phone:you play roblox?
Sumica: PERFECT! :)
00,10dr, now a stand up comidian
hehehe
Brilliant
Im.in the part where everyone is laughing at a bar..... Shouls i refresh?
therobloxguy: hello and yes there are 2 doctors here
DAT PYRO MASK'
God, if this keeps up, we going to have to give a nickname to Rose...How about... "Ms. Screwup Lady"?
ba dum tshhh
Therobloxguy i used to
cachi01|phone: I think you should.
the doctor has the worst luck
Yup...they're in the 1940s...
could it possibly be a bomb?
oh boy
the stupid chick messes everything up again
What an idiot
let er drop
climbs random rope6_9
cachi01|phone:i dont play it much now because theres this bug where after a few secs of playing the game loses connection
and now derpy
Haha dat Derpy :P
lol dat upside-down derpy
God, even I can be a better sidekick to the Doctor than Ms. Screwup Lady (Rose).
damn thats was the last blond i pick up
DERPY
00,10kitty
KITTY!!
kitty
anyone from #applejack ?
kitty!
:D
:x
Riiiiing
...Does this means this show supports LOLCATS?
Riiiiing
its NEIN CAT
phones ringing?
It's a phone box. Of course the phone will ring. :P
VenHur: Oh, Rose winds up saving the universe. More than once, actually. And she's a LOT more help even now.
OH GOD THIS EPISODE
I'm tardy :D
creeepy
ARE YOU MY MOMMY
this seems fairly eerie
creepy child at phone asking for a pizza
His mommy has a deep voice
then who was phone?
are you my mummy?
leave her behind
run now
mummy
Derpy :3
are now watching ?
where ;P
?
Is "The Doctor Dances" being played after this?
00,10keep your voice down, dont want the bombers to hear you
Da bunker
If I heard that guy I would bomb him.
Just saying.
And Hi.
Sumica: that loud?
half a cake?
that thieving bilgerat
how are things Barbetos|AtWork
I wonder who ate the other half :O
they outta bop her knickers what for
Good. How are you alexxm?
Ill admit, Rose does have some insane rotten luck at first.
Boooooooom tataattatatattataata booom
DoctorWhoovesV10: my rose might have been a bit daft, but trust me when I say that YOUR blond is the only assistant you'll ever need.:P
i'm good Barbetos|AtWork
DAT ASS
00,10captan jack grabass
lol
DAT ASS :D
Pervert. :D
Ohai
LOL
lol?
That made him really happy.
Let's face it, I don't know if Rose became better later on, but boy, Ms. Screwup Lady sure gets in a lot of trouble.
Captain Jack. Who loves damn near EVERYONE.
DoctoDoctorWho:like derpy
still hanging on for dear life
Cpt Jack is the definition of Extreme Omnisexual
where you to wathing this ? xD
DoctoDoctorWho: :P
Wait, that's Captain Jack? OH MY GOD!
VenHur: Yeah.
he loves evryfhing with a face or a hole
VenHur: The one and the same
ENOUGH
boy, theiving little scoundrels everywhere
shes quite strong
isnt she
:P
nevermind
That was the actor that's portrays Captain Jack?! OH MY GOD! MINDBLOWN!
DED... not
00,10molstation beam engaged
XDDD OK THAT LOOKED SO FAKE
Lolol Sumica
DAT COINCEDINCE
captain jack sparrow vs the doctor... Logic: Fuck this Im leaving.
cachi01|phone: Dr Who looks both convincing and cheap :D
SLUR{
*SLURP
I've come to the conclusion that this show is awesome
Jack: "I just saved your life. Wanna fuck?"
Now sexy time
00,10already bedding her
DoctoDoctorWho: i meet him you know, ya he tried to ride me so i did a manual genderbendder
Torchwood quote after discovering that alien flesh is being sold as animal meat: Gwen Cooper: Have you eaten alien meat? Capt Jack: yeah. GC: What was it like? CptJ: He seemed to enjoy it.
SafariMonkey: :D dat sex joke
Derpy :o
00,10and bricks were shat
derpy broke the 3rd wall
6_9
And yet not a single child about the Doctor's "strange clothes"...
Let's face it, Derpy would be a better assistant to the Doctor :D
Logic: WHY YOU NO LOVE ME?!
MadSurge: Agreed hoofs down.
00,10doctor has some silly lines
what
that looks like nothing
xD'
dat drawing
D:
OH SHIT
it's a pyro!
haha
IT'S THE PYRO! RUN DOCTOR!
F&$K LOGIC
Scary shit.
Seriously im scared xD
GHOSTS
It's the Pyro when he was coherent!
This episode make me belive in magic
logic gettin fucked HARD today.
00,10hope he dont have a back burnner
sounds happy enough
Thats the creepy part
No... Logic merely incomplete because you don't have all the facts.
he makes you creepy
Pyro kid
He turns u into a pyro kid
Sumica: David Tennant is good, but this doctor ain't bad either :D
00,10would like to see this edited in with meet the pyro
O.o
alright
Scary...
this is getting creepy
MONKEY MONKEY,
eep D:
Yeaaah
MOMMY
THis is most likely the creepiest episode of doctor who
Rustymeat: except Blink, you mean
00,10replace the pyro bits in meet the pyro with this kid
nah
Yeah except blink
Don't do it!
bombs?
Oh my gawd im so freaked out.
It's a trap!
...
Rustymeat: I'd say the weeping angels are creepier, but this one's right up there
NOOOONONONO
D:
NO DOCTOR, DON'T BE A ROSE!
NOOOOOOOO
dammit man
DAFUQ
don;t act like that dumb blonde bimbo you take around
HE'S GONE
what the ?
lol
00,10momie~
good afternoon everypony :)
Hi kirz :)
00,10Hi kirzstryfe
what the f* are doing here ? xD
Hello kirzstryfe!
Don't act like Ms. Screwup Lady, Doctor!
kirzstryfe: Hi! :)
Afternoon kirzstryfe
Don't do it!
what?
I'm digging her shirt
X_x
I've returned, now with more rad.
lawl
Hello everypony
:p
Heya Masdragonflare
Hi Kinixys and Masdragonflare.
sup Masdragonflare
Heya Kinixys
thank you :p
very spock?
Hi VenHur; hi MaxTheBrony.
Rose finally gets her Spock
What season is this?
aint no brakes on the rape train
xD
All of Jack's dialogue can be recapped in "I eanna have sex with you":D
Ms. Screwup Lady finally improving her smarts all of a sudden...
Kinixys: Welcome back! :)
Hi AJiA!
00,10last ep was realy her crowning moment of Duh
So what's the thing playing?
kinky
hi AJIsAwesome_
00,10she gets better now
ou
fail
sorry
It's Docter Who
:x
DoctoDoctorWho: twilight sparkel said that yesterday
VenHur: Trust me. EVERYONE screws up in Season One. Including, at times, the Doctor.
Heya AJIsAwesome_ :)
I sit?
Foreshadowing
I mean is it xD
lol
Chekov's Nanobots
DoctorWhoovesV10: how uncanny...
yeah nothing suspicious at all
I'm not giving the Doctor a nickname cause HE'S THE EFFIN' DOCTOR!
I don't like where this is going
00,10slick ride jack
cloaking divice! o.o
I don't need to call him names.
Inb4 meet the robinsons
DoctoDoctorWho: thats just brilliant
This a recent episode?
Slippy Mickey
nah
No, no it's not.
Kinixys: No, it's pretty early in the new series
This is an episode with the 9th Doctor.
00,10all the tins of food
Who was the First doctor?
Was he best?
Oh this is season one.
Damnit now i'm into it and have to watch all the other episodes
super powered nose
first broadcast 21 May 2005
He was a good doctor.
That bomb sound effect is getting annoying lol
I can't remember the actor's name for the First Doctor, but he was an old man.
MaxTheBrony: 4th for old fans; 10th for new fans.
ah
The First Doctor was actually a rather elderly man. And often a complete mystery and something of a selfish bastard. He tried NOT to help-- according to his people's laws-- but kept getting involved against his will.
The actor was William Hartnell.
ah
3 doctors? Dammit!
Knew it
sound of. doctor
Now kiss
00,10damn you captan jack grabass
>Drinking champagne while hearing the various bombings
dem Cgi
:P
>Totally Romantic
captian jack sparrow is what i always think O_o
Genocide, totally romantic
^
Sumica: Oh, come on. Jack would flirt with himself if he could figure it out.
Yay
"payment"
is it week 35 btw?
Hey Sumica, is there's any british actors you knowed that's might be the 12th and final Doctor btw?
i have homework but i forgot the week xD
a smooth criminal?
There can be no final doctor. XD
death the most romantic thing. bombs dropping everywhere lets dance
Kinixys according to the wiki yes. There can be
Kinixys: Must I reminds you that's the Doctor can regenerate 12 times?
they can write around that
They just make this stuff as they go. They'll change it.
asss?
mass?
xD
Sooo the doctot has died 11 times?
Doctor*
10
So far, yes...
nah he has
LOL
oh wait yeah
well, 11 because he postponed a regeneration as 10
Well, considering the fact that he can REGENERATE 12 times, wouldn't the 13th doctor be the final one?
its called regenration
He likes dying apparently
How come he can regenerate by the way?
MaxTheBrony - because Plot Armor
:p
MaxTheBrony: Probably has to do with their race.
wasn't the whole regernation deal just so they could draw out the show?
Wait what race?
MaxTheBrony he's an alien and it means they can get new actors when the old one quits
AJIsAwesome_: Proper math that. Meaninf that at least two other actors can play the role-- and then the scriptwriters make something up.
Because he is a Time Lord, MaxTheBrony.
And have new actors star in it I"m sure.
but he interrupted a regenration, dos that count?
Well MaxTheBrony its makes it easier to advance the plot while keeping a person who is supposed to be 900+ years old believable.
Buytoast - probably. Makes a good excuse for pulling in a new actor every couple of seasons
Ah
MaxTheBrony: Out of series answer: To give the series an excuse to use a new actor.
why would they put a limit on it then?
They could not keep making episodes if they used the same guy over and over again.
:P allright sounds resonable
time lords forever. 2 hearts and twice the brain power of humans
And that is why Doctor Who is so good
Also an excuse to change the Doctor's personality
You know the first regeneration was what is known as an ass pull
its pretty smart :)
00,10the limit is presumed, no one knows
I'm not a fan, but I imagine they threw in some arbitrary number during an episode a long time ago not really thinking they would get that far?
I don't believe it!
Kencolt: Unless the first was a regeneration, I'm not sure if the 12th will be the last.
This series will probably just end.
dat sickness
Kinixys: Precisely. Used to mess with the Master, mostly.
And then continue years later.
What happens if the doctor gets 100 coins? He gets a new life?
cachi01|phone: He gets a dollar?
Without H.G Wells's The Time Machine, we wouldn't have Back To The Future, Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, and this.
Dats scar
scary
Ok what happens if the doctor dies for real?
game over
But the masks?
explain the masks :O
cachi01|phone: last episode we got a glimpse of it.
cachi01|phone: If the possible 12th Doctor dies, then the series is over...
they live
Ill just beat death in a game of logic and get 12 more lives:)
I don't see this series ever ending
This is where the tf2 pyro came from. XD JKing.
Today, I'm going to finish feeding my mag. I'm so close.
Barbetos|AtWork: Well technically, all shows must have an ending.
he is being empted
Until they are brought back.
*emptied
creeped out again
DoctoDoctorWho: :) `brilliant :)
AjIsAwesome tell that to the simpsons
and when does the mask come?
AJIsAwesome_: Yeah, it may "end" but the idea of the Doctor and its continued showing will not end.
Oh god, he got affected too!
oh my...
goddamn
hahah
The eyes
xD
HOLY SHIH WUT?
do you believe in magic
so many pyros...
he turned into psycho mantis
gas mask growing out of face? DON'T FORGET TO STRAP IT ON
THAT PYRO IS A SPY
WOAH! dude... thats creepy
well, thats not disturbing at all,
MOMMY
Infectious Pyro
Phsycho mantis is pinkie pie teacher
Mornin B state
holy shit
Has Doctor Who always had a touch of fantasy horror?
Hi Panda :)
:D
Ohai Panda|NV :D
You're an idiot, Rose. :|
xD
That Name drop
:P
Panda|NV: Hello! :)
They see me strollin'
...Well...guess who's the guy that's going to have nightmares, if someone guess first, they'll win a Pyro plushie.
I dun care what anyone says. I like Rose. =P
00,10momie~
VenHur YOU!
O:o
OHHHHHHHH
FUuuuuuuu
Mommeeeee
mum-meey
cachi01|phone: *gives pyro plushie*
Scary shit..
Mummyyyy!
Kinixys: It wasn't supposed to... at first. It was supposed to be an educational program to teach children about history. But that would up changing very quickly.
/me plays with pyro plushie
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Zecora Price Increase
wat
Zecora price increase?
cachi01|phone! How are you? havent talked to you in a while :3
:o
/me waves at MadSurge and AJIsAwesome_
Werewolves, zombies, ghosts, ect. It's horror; fantasy horror, with some sci-fi dressings.
why zecora?
ConArtist it is.
00,10that's U-boat not you boat
rewritten into gas masks
Panda oh im good :) how about you?
Pyro needs more friends
The price of a Zecora is INCREASED?! HASBRO, YOU GREEDY SONS OF-
Sumica no YOU'RE a boat.
see, if the UK could own guns this creepy shit would happen less often.
cachi01|phone a little groggy, but ready to tackle school XD
DoctoDoctorWho: Hehe.
O.o
D:
OH SHI-
Hi, everyone!
Panda Lol my schooñ started 2 weeks ago
HUG ME!
Heya Pinkie-Pie3175
/me Is scared shittless
Multiple MOMMY
Oh god.....
cachi01|phone haha XD
Congrats u just lost it
MOMMYYYYY
AAaaaahhh
MMMMMMMM!
Mummy
sheeit
MAMMY
It should be "Huda huda hudda"
Phew
MUUUMMT
Panda my new school pc SUCKS
Y*
saved by the bell
creepy as hell
Pyro uses "Mommy"
MadSurge: are you my mummy?
Netflix?
Cliffhanger? FFFFFFUUUUU-
sweet you're playing The Docror Dances?
Panda they cant run happy wheels!
Sumi
*Doctor
DoctorWhoovesV10: yes! Come here
Sumi
are you my Sumi?
:3
And then they became one with them, THE END!
:D
what
Great way to get some series, but gosh-- the movie selection is aweful.
Show me ya moves!
stop saying that!
Falcon
dat spoiler :P
Anyhow, it's not horror-- merely terrifying at times. Trust me, back in the day, the thing that made British kids hide behind the sofa wasn't horror at all-- but still scared the buck out of them.
'Murica! quick use a nuke!!
00,10momie~
whoa
and they detonate the ship to kill the pyro-spawn, the end.
In soviet russia netflix mutes you.
dose anbody know how to conect to #bonystate via an external client, i managed to conect to ponychat
Kinixys: movie selection?
Netflix'
seatsea1 irc.ponychat.net then join #Bronystate
seatsea1: type /j #bronystate
ok thanks
long recap is long
:)
Kencolt: I suppose it's not horror. It's no phantasm. But, still more fantasy than sci-fi.
Dat badass :)
go to your room
The guy saying go to your room is the new doctor?
That's how you deal with a pyro.
what
ahaha
Aww, ok. :C
/me goes to her room
Fun time over
/me goes this his room
only in the Doctor's Universe would that have worked...
Hi
:P
mummy
Damn, party over
00,10lol
MOM IS ANGRY ABANDOM THREAD
/me goes to her room
N*
Those would've been terrible last words. XD
o.o
DAT DEUS MACHINA
:D bending the game to your own benifit, brilliant
cachi01|phone: He's the first of the New Series-- which makes him number Nine, actually.
Ok so the client works
/me doesn't listen to her mummy
"Go. To. Your. Roo-AARRGHH"
MOM! This isn't what it looks like! *covers computer screen*
*Deus ex machina*
and that is how you be a badass
horde of zombies with gas masks? send them to their room
GO TO YOUR ROOM! AND NO PONIES!!
MirrorImage: did you forget the bouquet throwing to the zombie bridesmaids? :D
damn im good in that demntion
D=<
Barbetos|AtWork: NO ponies??????
No ponies!?!
00,10so that is where Tia got the idea.
00,10GOTOYOURMOON!
That should be a taunt against the pyro in TF2. :D
hahaha
hey everypony :) made it just in time for Doctor Who i see?
yes
heya Sketch_Toku_Brony :)
how are things Sketch_Toku_Brony
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Hi! Just in time. :)
How you doing, Sketch_Toku_Brony
Hi sketch :)
Sketch_Toku_Brony: \o/ Just in the nick!
Sumica: also it's the equivalent of throwing a bouquet to zombie bridesmaids :D
So these episodes are where Valve got the idea for the Pyro...interesting.
im doing good alexxm and CreeperPillow :)
VenHur: not likely :D
VenHur: Probalby not.
OH MY GAWD
SURPRIS
O.o
BUTT SECKS
Weeeell, the mask's part of the Pyro I mean.
just kidding
cachi01|phone lol, happy wheels?
good evening
00,10cool gun.
VenHur: They just designed each class on how people would see them if they were from the 50s I think.
random
Panda yep happy wheels lol.
Bananas are good. :3
Sumica: I'll pay a dollar for that gun!
CUE CELESTIA JOKE
You should see it on hexagon mode Sumica
Mmmmbananas
Banana bag
Actually the Doctor and Rose are currently in the 1940s, around WWII.
so its a gun or a lockpick?
so the doctor likes bananas
00,10loves banannas hates pears
Seems legit?
WELL U R ABOUT TO GO BANANAS
The Doctor likes bananas...WRITE THAT NOTE DOWN!
ON THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONAAAAAAA
BEYATCH
PEARS! pears are evil
VenHur: Depends on the incarnation.
VenHur: also, he thinks apples are rubbish
ew
OWNED
uhh... 0_o
wait, so hot butcher loving?
daymn
Butcher's got some nice meat
*Kelso voice* BURNED! :D
She used blackmail! Its super effective!
MadSurge: Only number 11. But Number eleven has some odd tastes. And he was half-cooked at the time.
Moral of the episode: Mommy.
AHAHAH
UH OH
oh dear
00,10MMMMFF MMMFMMMM
UH-OH!
FOR THE LAST TIME NO!
Mummy! :D
HUDDA HUDDA HUR
The banana gun does not work.
BANANA GUN
dat banana
Don't drop the banana! D:
HOLY SHIT WUT
Mommee~
00,10this is some high grade nightmare fuel
i'm liking this
the kids karate chopping through the wall!?!?
OPEN THE DOOR
USE THE WINDOW!
Judo chop
SONIC SCREWDRIVER
very sonic
And then their legs where gone.
Whoops. Hexagon mode. Have to be careful.
ANd who thinks Rose is dumb NOW?
Uh-oh!
OTHER MOMMIES
Are those pyros?
Kencolt she got lucky.
bananas are good
tf2!
He has a banana. He wins
so the sonic screwdriver wasnt a staple timelord tool?
Barbetos|AtWork: No. She didn't. Trust me.
bannas are EPIC
00,10jack you jerk
damit i spelled banana wrong
bannanner.
Kencolt she could of chopped everyones legs off, which is what probably would of really ahppened it if was not for the need of plot advancement.
Rocks
And don
get me started on the fact that that hole was way to big.
Maybe it wasn't set to erradicate living tissue?
Rocks are the best invention in the history of humanity
But eh. I still like Rose.
good afternoon everypony
hi
NocturnalBlade: Hiya.
what if one night i just decided to MURDER u all
sup NocturnalBlade and MrMalk
NocturnalBlade: Hi! :)
MrMalk: Yup, they made wheels back in the days...
Herro NocturnalBlade
I'm gonna guess Dr. Who?
Yep
Nope. This is patrick
VenHur rocks where the beginning of our advancement in technology
good evening
:)
Aka Dr MOMMYYYYYY
Hi applejack2012 :)
evening Applejack2012
NocturnalBlade: What you doing here so early? Get back to sleep lolol
NocturnalBlade: complete with our resident doctors,:)
Hello Applejack2012
Someone is saving
The ghost ruined that kids letter
DoctoDoctorWho: and derpy lol
What an ass hole ghost.
Applejack2012: Hi! :)
and Derpy
ARE YOU MY MOMMY?
hey everypony
All work and no play makes jack a dull boy
Oh god, they got MadSurge!!
What season is this?
Nah :D
Applejack2012: Hi.
1
season 1
goddammit kid
of which doctor?
thats not creepy at all
9th Doctor.
Good grief......:S
Rustymeat: not at all...
the 10th doctor is the bst doctor
^
^^
^^^
Rose. Has a new boyfriend every other episode.
Poor Mickey...
Also, there's no 11th doctor
Dr.Hooves is best doctor
i like both david tennent and matt smith.
ARE YOU MY MUMMY/ COMING TO FINDYOU MUMMY
Popcorn_Monster: I rather fancy the 11th... he's got badass moment that are epic in ways one dares not concieve.
What makes the 9th doctor so bad?
They got DoctoDoctorWho!
MrMalk: thank you sir
Barbetos|AtWork: he's not bad!
yeah i like the 11th to but the 10th is the best
AJ you like pie?
/me uses doom shotgun on DoctoDoctorWho
*DoctorWhoovesV10*
So why is the 10th better than 9th?
I liek this doctor he is.cooñ
Cool
MrMalk: Of course.
SO MUCH INNUENDO
its a matter of personal prefernece
DoctorWhoovesV10 could of had a V8
This ia the first time i watch Dr who
Is*
Well, I don't know, maybe because the 9th Doctor's apperance doesn't looks so...Doctor-y.
SHOW ME YOUR MOVES
PAWNCH!!!
MrMalk oh har har har har
SHOW ME YA MOVES
Cue obligatory love scene
YESH!
AJIsAwesome_: Im sorry?
Rose is meh Capt. Falcon lol
YESH
cachi01|phone: do you like it?
DoctoDoctorWho: Tab fail.
AJIsAwesome_: yes how can i help you
MadSurge yeah its fun
SHOW ME YA HOOVES
DoctorWhoovesV10: Just replying to you comment.
alright
AJIsAwsome_ do I am the offical secretary of mister tSparx
Show me ur bewbz YESH
its only the union jack when its at SEA u idiot
Captain Jack Sparrows
looks like 9 is jelly
Dat rivalry
Aj why you got that _ at the end of your name
MrMalk: You're right. Let me fix that.
Rose is stupid and the doctor is a genius...... But Doctor dies 10 times dafuq
and suddenly nazis
00,10I know what he did for 2 years >_>
MrMalk: I had to use ghost mode for a while.
AJIsAwesome: there we go
NEIN!!!
AJIsAwesome you comming to the convention?
MrMalk: Of course.
00,10yes mommie
AJIsAwesome I thought you didnt know
COUGH THAT MASK UP
NINE NINE NINE NINE!
mommy
MOMMY
MUMMY
cfycrycrycry and then DEAAAAUUUUUUUUGH
MUMMY
NOOOO! RANDOM SOLDIER!!
this is scary
NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN
The Mummy is a good movie.
Im here to save the day free candy for all
FEGELIN! FEGELEIN!
dududun dun dudududun dudududun duudududun
Dovah: I see what you did there.
:)
00,10to seak out new life and new civilisation, and fuck it
Sumica: :D
U.S.S. Enterpise
FEGELEIN! FEGELEIN!
Are you my mommy?
PYRO IS SPY!
THE INFECTION SPREADS
VenHur: Damit it, Jodl!
PYRO!
PYRO VISION
Hello Rain! :)
Dang it CreeperPillow
hullo ^_^
Shizuka's invading!
Rain: Hi! :)
hai
why does the shit that happens in london somehow end the world?
I STILL DONT GET IT
Owned by a lullaby!
a plauge that turnes men into gas mask zombies, I sense nurgles handiwork here.
I saw this episode 4 times now ^^
mummy
00,10you have alerted the pyro horde
^^^^^
oh buck
Rose has startled the mommy
TAAAAANK
A plague about the entire civilzation turning into gas mask zombies? Hollywood, take note of this.
05OH
05MY
05FUCKIGN
05GOD
05A
05NEW
05ENSIFERUM
05ALBUM
suddenly, Wrek
05RELEASED TODAY
what
Wrek: good for you! :$
Lol
05after 4 years
inb4 it gets streamed
WREK WOOHOO
05my dreams have come true
ohai Wrek
TIme paradox!
Wrek, calm down, first, tell us who the hell is Ensiferum?
And then Wrek streams the album the next day during his awesome stream
VenHur they most likely just stole the idea from a 8 year old and revamped it
05you've heared them on my streams probably
VenHur a band
Dat british reassurement
yay Ensiferum
I think power metal band
05not power
Ohhh yeah, the concert stream the other day...
05viking folkmetal
dat Haters Gonna Hate Derpy :D
Dat explanation
that looks like a horrible design flaw
Who's hating derpy :(?
Omg are we watching doctor who!!!????
Eeyup
QuinnThePegaSistta: Yep.
QuinnThePegaSistta: yep
YES!!!
duuuun dun dun duuun duuun duuuuuuuuuuuuuun
a dead boy with a gasmask
QuinnThePegaSistta: Yup, this is part two of the gas mask zombies episode...y'know the "Mommy" one.
ya
00,10the gray goo delima
Soon all the world will be looking for its mommy
Mummy!
mummy
so creepy
Flyboy: You listening to SimGretina's latest upload?
yes Rustymeat?
Wrek? Can you tell me what program you used again?
Not technically.
Of course it's obivious, they're "mommy" is CHUCK NORRIS!
AJIsAwesome: nope
00,10nanotech
i think this is one of the like 4 episodes i've seen >.>
Flyboy: Oh. Then nvm.
AjIsAwesome rainbow dashia song
AJIsAwesome: i'm playing L4D2 :D
VenHur so chuck norris lives where?
hello :)
Flyboy: Oh. Got confused by the "dun".
MrMalk: *raises hoof* ...I don't know...
Pyro is their mommy
Cameh_Dude: Hello! :)
AJIsAwesome: :D
Ohai Cameh_Dude!
VenHur Texas our Texas
Yes it is
sudden clearance
Gray goo is simply nanobots replicating endlessly. In this case it's nanobots altering everyone.
Its ur fault and u should feel bad
05ive only heard 5 minutes of this album
05already in love
Wrek: YESH
Wrek, calm your emotions, lolol
Happy Wrek is best Wrek. :)
JACK, YOU COWARD!
Jack is like SO LONG SUCKERS
This is the Adeptus Astartes, the infection has spread beyond public control, requesting permission for Exterminatus.
so who is Jack? is he a timelord as well?
Ohhhh shiiiit
00,10momie~
05CreeperPillow: fuck no
05ima gona nejoy being happy
00,10jack is complex
00,10and horny
R u mah mummy
Wrek: As long as you're not bouncing off the walls then all power to you :3
what I heard horny whats going on?
Sketch_Toku_Brony: No... jut a guy with a time capable ship. There's only one Time Lord... Now.
SHE ALREADY ANSWERED STFU
Sketch_Toku_Brony: no, he is a 51st century human who *spoiler*
ah i see
Awwwww......
DAT FIXING
aww
love nuke?
Ha sumica you have derpy and docter whooves thats great i love that
aw
and fixing the plauge they started, how convenient.
all pyro needs is love
Und dann the doctor danced
SUCCESS!!!! *raise hoof in victory*
Pyro is looking for Mummy
almost BATMAN level convenient!
FOR NARNI-...I...uh...mean...AMERCIAAAA!!!
basically cpt jack is a fixed point in time and space
SafariMonkey: I think so.
VenHur you mean England?
Oh...I mean...FOR ENGLAAAAND!
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Poll Results: Twilight, Rainbow, and Fluttershy get Shirts, Who Else Needs One?!
00,10love that bit
Dat Kamehameha
HADOUKEN
and then the doctor danced with everyone
i think he's going a bit crazy
EVERYBODY LIVES GUYS, EVERYBODY LIVES
EVERYONE
Hi I'm reporting from my new school computer :P
except for all the ones who died in the air assault
alexxm: no. Just no,.
YOU GET A LIVE, YOU GET A LIVE, YOU GET A LIVE!
Lol Wrek gets fucking happy = the doctor gets fucking happy
why not SafariMonkey
ekips: the ones infected
Spademagnes[R]: Hello! :)
FRIENDSHIP!
00,10my legs growen back
EVERYPONY LIVES DERPY! EVERYPONY LIVES!
Gentlecolts, our mission...acomplished.
Dem miscounted legs
Doctor used Game Genie! 1 ups for everyone!
All the nanogenes spread and the human race is free of injury forever!... oh wait...
alexxm: You know that is innuendo...
Dont Forget the Welfare state lol
Dat Britishness
EVERYBODY
EVERYPONY
on fire
00,10every body lives...........except jack
He's on FIYAH
Kinixys nanogenes eventually die
oh shit
HE'S ON FIYAH MUDDAHFUCKAHS!
My dad is still being stupid about Apple computers...
MrMalk: Nooooooo! The nanogenes need nanogenes.
There is no escape pod
He's screwed
NOOO Jack!! its not fair!
"...fuck"
His ship is so nice.
And we never seen Jack again...
Oh boy! A Sumi stream!
Yep, he's dead.
Jack stop doing requests. The computar is basically telling you you are screwed
00,10good emergency protocall
Dat emergency protocol
MOrning, LadyCanary
...JAAAACK! PLEASE COME BACK IN THE SHOOOOW!
:'( no not Jack!
WHOA
:'(
Hello LadyCanary!
Hes not comming back
00,10Hi LadyCanary
Greetings ^_^
this is not fair
and the asshole redeems himself
What might we be watching?
Hi LadyCanary :)
00,10Dr who
LadyCanary: DOctor WHo.
LadyCanary: sum Dr Who
NOOO! JACK! DON'T LEAVE US ALOOONE! JACK?! JAAAAAAAAAACK!! :'(
Ahhhh. Hence the adorable Doctor Whooves on the right.
And Jack is going to die whish is not fair!!
Jack is pretty fun. I might watch torchwood just cause of him.
Doctor Who, Series Two, Season One, don't know the episode number.
LadyCanary: and lovely assistant :D
Is my dad stupid for thinking Apple computers are good for more than web browsing?
jack die like every other episode
What the?!
Kinixys why whould you watch torchwood?
Und dann Jack lived
he lives!!!
He lived?!
Oh! Hello 9th doctor!
Welcome to the TARDIS
yes!!
:D Awwwwwwww.
00,10dat dancing
Am I mistaken that the character Jack is in Torchwood?
for once I didnt see myself coming, huh.
Jack lived? HE LIVED! YEEEEEESSS!
He dances lol
VICTORY FOR ENGLAAAAAND!
DANCING DOCTOR, YAY
And everyone lived! :)
Everybody lives!
00,10got to love it
:D
:D That's adorable.
He LIVES?! YAY~
Jack is cockblocked once again
00,10freaky momie kidd the whole time
Dacing Doctor is go
EveryPONY lives!!
00,10then we go out on a sont and a dance
VenHur, they're in space now
Lol this was an awesome ending
Sorry, guys. I have a class to go to. See you all later! :)
oh god what the hell is that thing
Eww...
Baby Gorons again!
AJIsAwesome: Bye AJ.
AjIsAwesome cya! :)
Oh I don't like the sloveen eoisodes
cya later AJIsAwesome
What is that? Oh my GOD, what is that
*episodes
Bye AJIsAwesome. Have fun and pony on
^
Bye applejack
bye AJIsAwesome|Gone
oh
I have to go vacume the house but im not leaving so Im just goign to be right back!
Bye monkies
goodbye everypony, lawnmowing commencing
Bye docto and quinn!
DOCTORDOCTORWHO BYE
OH GOD MY HEAD
lol YES
OPPA GUNDAM STYLE
OPPAN GUNDAM STYLE
me/ a
what...
LAWL
I love you Sumi <3
SUDDENLY GUNDAM
OMG RAIN!
Time for some OPPAN GUNDAM STYLE
wut
/me facedesk
OPPA GUNDUM STYLE
/me tackle hugs LadyCanary
Always with the Gundam version
/me lifs Dovah from the desk
Because Gundams are cool :I
This is wrong on so many levels.
/me activates the tardis and teleports out of stream
/me dances and hisses
K POP :)
OPPA GUNDAM STYLE
GUNDAM STYLE
OPPAN GUNDAM STYLE
I didn't know you had finished editing your video Sumica
Oh gawd I understand what this song is about
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay sessy pilots~
HEEEY SEXY ROBOT
HEEEEEEEEY, SEXEH LADEH~
ie Lockon Stratos :3
Sexy Zaku
what is it about MrMalk
I see Gangnam style. :O
XDDDD DAFUQ
They should make a dancing version of the huge gundam statue
lol
alexxm its about a city and the life of this city gundam
CrazyCherry gundam style!
I want to hurt the choreagrapher.
er ok MrMalk
SafariMonkey :O YES!
what the fu......ck........
OPPA GUNDAM STYLE
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJztmGtAJCE
Op op op op
alexxm its kinda celebrating the great life styles of a asian city
DOES ASIANS
please link to this, Sumica o3o
heh ok MrMalk
this is the pinnacle of korean culture
00,10dont video link during streams please SafariMonkey
how dafuq do they dance like that
oh sorry
00,10i will uplad this to youtube later.
00,10it keeps geting nuked
sweet
please alexxm call me senior secretary to tSparx
lol
00,10will have to hide it
why
because korea
00,10copyrights
oh
You made this Sumica ?
All the goddamn gundams <3
gundam copyrights are serious business
/me imagines ponyville dancing like this...
shining!
DAT THE SHINING
oh hey its the shining
...OH GOD NO
lol....
LOL
Suddenly the shining
oh god XD
XDDDD
LOL
....Im dying XDDD
wth.....
OH GOD!
LOL
wut? XD
lol wha?
XD
LAWL
Im dying on the inside
:D
IM BLUE
Yesssssssss
IM BRONY DABADEDABEDAAA
DABEDEBABEDE
AHM BLOO
beat of denied
...I love this goddamn fandom.
That last video: becuase a hallway full of blood is easier to deal with.
I'm blue parody/remix?
IM A BEAT OF
SafariMonkey: apparently
think of all the new songs they'll be able to make out of the words said from season 3
IM A PONY DABADEEDABADAA
i'm looking forward to bohemian raspody myself
then i said 'I'M OATMEAL!'
This is awsome! oh and im back
TheMaster: yeah
The Master Im going to make the barbie girl parody one
all you'll need are a few barbie references
my eyes
Actually I wonder wether an all star one would work
*whether
00,10with enough pitch shift you can do alot with just a few samples
ya
so is everyone braced for the impending announcement?
yes
Anncmnt?
yeah just look at avast fluttershy's *
No
What is this called?
:D FLUFFY PONY
lol
Tentacles
The video keeps freezing on me. It might be Gameguard, though
I've seen enough hentai
Fluffy pony was kid napped by Molestia btw. She came back to Dan all sticky, covered in white goo.
loll
lol
XDDDD
Bitch
TROLL'D
Trolololol
XD
ONEECHAN
ONIICHAAN
*i
/me Spademagnes[R]
NOW YOU FUCKED UP
お兄ちゃん
ONIICHAN!
ONIIIIICHAAAAAANN
Uguuu
Spademagnes[R]: you dont call twilight a bitch >:I
I've been playing Xenosaga a bit latley
YOU HAVE FUCKED UP NOW
NOW YOU FUCKED UP!
Lolol and all I see is Abe Lincoln
BASED ON A TRUE STORY
Dat Fluttershy
YES!
and then sakura cardcaptor
Oh gawd.
Yay! Cardcaptor Derpy. :D
whaaaaa.....?
I love both Derpy and cardcaptors
Card Captors? I haven't seen that anime in ages!
i know!~!
A comparison :D
Yeah. The player freezes with the video. It's Gameguard
VenHur same here
I have not seen Cardcaptor
All I know is that yellow bear thing with wings...
i would watch the derpy one
Well that was full of win.
I still find Xenosaga Episode two to be the hardest of the three
a decade from now the internet will not be able to comprehend how something like ponies got this popular
I like the amarican opening to it much better I can sing the whole thing
:O what
beautiful song btw >_>
discorded whooves and sibsy?
Okay
Extended version?
WAS THAT THE NAZI SALUTE
full version? <3
:O
Flyboy yes
QuinnThePegaSistta, ack. Dub themes. Ewwwww
no, roman salute, ponies are romans.
Actually I don't think that will be a problem, cause MLP is just so good.
MrMalk: dear celestia...
Flyboy you should watch Winter Wrap Up
/me smiles wide and giggles.
05Flyboy: ALL ASULTES ARE NAZI
ekips: are you implying that i havent?
Wrek: :O
love is bloom
dem asultes
I question to this day..why does internet explorer still exist
Wreky!
so is twilight royalty-in-law now?
05LadyCanary <333
Flyboy implying I'm implying
Flyboy dear princess celestia I have a plan to build a nuclear rainboom missle that could destroy everyone
Kandarihu the card captor dub is the only dub i like
thats a different shout
Lol
the speed one
fus ro da
lol
DO THE PONY POLKA!
Pinkie would fusroda herself.
Lolwut
OMG YES WEIRD AL
WEIRD AL POLKA
needs liarjack
Am I lagging or something?
She's got to love nobody
WEIRD AL YAY
Spademagnes[R]: yeah, IE6 should be erased from existence, and ie7 should be banned
dear MrMalk, go ahead, its completely safe
QuinnThePegaSistta, why? It's one of those heavily edited dubs made to change the very demographic.
lol POLKA!!
00,10lier jack? >_>
POLKA FACE! [See whut I did there?]
Flyboy just so you know we are going to build it on buffalo land because the waste isnt safe for ponies
VenHur: that's the title of this song :D
Kandarihu I know it is but i still liek it, it was from when i was really young
Oh hi top man
05sorry
NOOOOOOOO
05but i cant look at cheerliee the same way anymore
whats this video called
only good version of Baby
OH NOT THIS
Need video link someone msg me video link
lol, Wrek
ekips only TOLERABLE version
ekips: Ever hear the Heavy's version?
^
00,10yes this new way of looking at her is way better
WHATS THIS VIDEO CALLED
EVEN BIEBER IS BETTER WITH WEIRD AL
R34 ruins things. Do your self a favor and don't look at r34 pony.
silly lesbian rainbow dash
I still find that one thing you can do in Yoshi's Island hilarious
Barbetos|AtWork: Wise words!
Barbetso XDDDDDD NO
A-a-a-a-a-a
Alcohol
00,10pony polka face-video VI
CIDER
QuinnThePegaSistta, when I was really young, I watched this "cartoon" called "Voltron". I enjoyed it back then, because I honestly didn't know any better. Now I understand that it's real name is Go Lion. I'm kinda interested in the original version, now (even though it's not very notable other than getting licensed in the early 80's).
Yea.. I am so lagging right now
WHATS THIS VIDEO CALLED
I'm in dire need of the video name/link
ekips: arent we all
Kandarihu Ive never watched that I might look ti up
PLEASE TELL US
Kandarihu: I believe Go-Lion is on Youtube. It was a while back anyhow.
man weird al needs to cameo in an episode :D
00,10TheKoreanBrony1354 you should read more
DERP
I know it's on Crunchyroll.
LOL I love the ending there
FUCK
D:
NEED LINK to last one
it burns!
GOD NO
Noooboonobonnon
WHATS THE VIDEO CALLED
FUCK NOOOOOO!!!
Aaaah
NOOOO
Man, this Gameguard problem is getting bad. I actually had the issue yesterday when launching PSO2 actually killed 3 random processes. I think that problem was patched today, though.
YES
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
NOOOOO
:D
MOTHER OF GOD WHY
DAAAAAAAAAAMN IIIIIIIITTTTT!!
MY FACW IT BURNS!!?!
:'(
my soul is dieing!
Its the scootaloo I don't like
/me commits suicide
00,10the rage, it sates me
Love this song :3
MY FACE IT BURNS
Its sad this computer still feels slow
SHUT UP'
Hey guys whats going on in her OH SWEET MOLESTIA WTF IS THIS?!
Let the embaressing past die. :D
Sumica: Keep trying bro
/me hisses and explosions
The animators just did not care
woot!
THIS IS TERRIBLE
I can take this
GOOOOOOODD, MY FACE IS BLEEEEEEEEDIIIINNNGG!
kill me
Bronysith: Your timing........
hug the chicken!
rainbow what did they do to you!?
Sumica: so I don't sate you? :(
00,10just wait till new eps Spademagnes[R]
lol Hi Bronysith
Mica, can you please stream more videos like this? :3
00,10just wait
/me MELTS AWAY AS HE SCREEMS NOOOOOOOO IM MELTINNGGG......
rainbow dash dressing in style? HERESY!
SAAAAAVE MY SAAAAAAAAANNNIIIITTTTYYY!!!
/me noms on Sumica
/me vomits lungs
New episodes of what?
Flyboy: +1
HUB should air that as an april fools.
ITs not that bad guys
STOP
YES IT IS
00,10new eps of ponies Spademagnes[R]
ITS BAD
Barbetos|AtWork, /sage nod
AAAAAAAAAHHH!!
Dat Oh Myy
the rage is so entertaining to watch
Eh
Love you Sumi XD
LOL
i dont see a twilight sparkle. thank god.
RAINBOW DASH ALWAYS DRESSES IN STYLE
poor dashie xd
SAAAAAVVVEE MEEEEEEEE RAAAAAIIINNBOOOOWWW DAAAASHHH-
Scout
Creepy scout
whats the word Sumica? I heard that they might announce on the 7th
Yay I'm saaaved!
Bonk bonk bonk
BOINK BOINK
WAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH WAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Needs more ponies
BONK BONK
00,10it's what many are guess ing TheMaster
Sumica: This vid...reminds me of yesterday. All the boinks
YES
I will be glued to my computer the 7th then
NIGHT OF PONY
00,10seeing as they are advertising the hell out of the "royal weading" eps
awsome
Nostalgia overload!
And my nostalgia, tis leaking
MOUSTACHE
Kinixys, if S3 is REALLY going to be 13 episodes long, it'll be over WELL before April 1st.
Speaking of moustache.....
ALL RIGHTY, time to take pics of my swords i added to my collection over the time of dragoncon
well one each week?
or each sat
lol Maine
MAH BOI
Kandarihu: But.. but.. s4 5 6 7 8 9?
Kandarihu those are the only confirmed episodes they could make more
I still think Xenosaga is one of the harder RPG's I played
13 episodes is confirmed
This video gave me ADHD
13 that we know of so far
05a separate studio was confirmed workign on more eps
didn't they pretty much say 13 episodes total?
05but we have 13 guaranteed from studio B
I thouht that was the rumour? That 13 was confirmed y the crew
for writing or production?
13 episodes from studio B
Were confirmed
Se.. seep.. sperate studio?
13's pretty damn short
I cant wait untill season 3
Wirisme no confirmed they will make more
00,10xenogears was far harder Spademagnes[R]
FROM STUDIO.B
PONY
PO-NEEE. *Bzzzzzt*
Seperate!?
13 Episodes?
S3 will be so 20% cool
But there is a newly founded studio that's making more episodes, right? Like... a Studio C?
so 26 all in?
I don't think we get more than 13 this season, next we will get normal, but if we get more in s3, woo
If I recal Xenosaga Ep 3 had a Xenogears reference in it
00,10studio B bought out the other studio
All i can say is they better not end it, I just got here
The super boss looks like the main character of xenogears mech
ALL THE MEMES
All the macos
I saw a dark souls ref!
macros*
This freezing is getting worse. Time to whine to SEGA about this.
All the apples
so many memes
hopefully they bought the right talen
Its fucking hard
i don't think we need more than 13 episodes... if they hurry up with S4 to make up for it :)
TASTE THE RAINBOW MOTHERFUCKER
S4 will probably also be september 1013
memes? elements of harmony? thats MLP alright
2013*
Eli they will make more for season 3
there'll inevitably be a movie at some point too
Chocolate raaaaiiin
CHOCOLATE RAIN
lol
Lol
CHOCOLATE RAAAAAIN~
Well I would love to stick around but I have to go to another class for school
I seriously doubt we get more than 13 when they said we wont get more than 13 because of "reasons"
caos and chocolate
DUN DUN
The elements of Harmony! Honesty! Kindness! Generosity! Rainbow Dash! Luaghter! Magic!
DUN DUN
dundUN
yes!
lol
YES
Maybe they are putting the same budget into 13 episodes?
suddenly fast chat!
Vivix can we stop speculating and just say we know 13 confirmed so far
<3 West Side Story
Wirisme: i think so too. sometime during the time between start of S3 and end of S4 they will anounce a movie :)
00,10inb4 we get 13 eps of season 4 right away
SLAP
I don't think it's speculating when the crew said 13 specifically, look up wil andersons post about it
SLAP
dat RICKmare Moon
:D
keyboard scootaloo
Keyboard Scoot
Nice
Sketch_Toku_Brony: lolol
heh
Keyboard Cat!
Keyboard Scootaloo
we probably will Sumica, it's a cashcow they can't ignore
Vivix confirmed they said they could make more than that
maybe it's 13 episodes, because the 14th is a movie?
00,10it's just a matter of they probably only contracted up to 65 eps
And then we get impatient for S4 thereafter
Holla everypony! :)
OH god need to download this song
00,10after that they have to make a new contract
yes
IM BATMAN
how are things GilDash
HOoooly shit
05they didnt realize how succesful it would become
lol this song
05inb4 signign a 10 year contract
Yus
they probably have to renew the contract
Sumica: and that makes me sad. they going to get some crappy animation studio to take over to make more monies.
inb4 mlp:fim has more seasons then the simpsons
South Park ohgod
Gotta watch that episode again now
00,10it's not a crapy studio
Sumica: also they're renewing the Hub
I dont think anyone would have Wrek at the first season
Cant touch this
but there you have it
Barbetos|AtWork, if they do that htey loose money, so they prolly wont
FOAMY <3
Moomins had episodes since the 1970s
00,10studio B bought them out and have become the largist cildrens production studio
Wut
Barbetos|AtWork: they should know that they will lose the fandom as soon as itgets crappy... i hope so at least
Sumica: yeah the CURRENT one is fine. But if they renew it they are going to get a crappy company to take over I bet.
Sumica: EXCELLENT
/me shudders.
PHSYCO
Tardy
Barbetos|AtWork, thats what they said about s3 of simpsons
00,10nah they wont mess with a good thing
TARDYYYYY
this friend whois callin me out being a creep, is just amking me not want to draw anymore
HELL YA
XDDD
MAGIC KINDERGARTEN
they make more money by upholding a s tandard than milking it, they're not idiots, they're businessmen
00,10they will hold steady till things start declining then they will try new things
NO! PLEASE GOD NO! NOOOOOOO!
i think i'm gonna watch the "twilight freaks out over nothing" episodes later :)
Hasbro is the WORST
The change over will probably cause some controversy but if the content speaks for itself then future productions will continue
Unless the CEO is a brony
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm bananas
One could only hope.
U liek bananas?
00,10not new at all Barbetos|AtWork
if the brony get to omuch power, we get too many internet jokes
LadyCanary: TO THE MOOOOOOOON
00,10they only change things when you see a decline in nummbers
I beieve I can fly was made just for a movie
REM! :D
YYYEEEEEEAAAAAHHHH
Sumica, true, that's typical TV
R.E.M <3
Sumica well I didn't mean it litterally. Sarcasm is hard to do over the internet and I tend to forget. =\
00,10yeah we need an icon for sarcasim
BRB guys
LadyCanary: my mom likes REM!
i want such friends too
I am just being negative anyways. I am gona shut up now. Yay ponies
Sumica: we do actually
hehe
Barbetos|AtWork: yeah, tell me about it... i should stop being sarcastic
00,10I vote for̕
00,10bah that double s icon is not working
05not sure if sarcasm Eli
Oh I though it was called an emoticon Sumica :sarcasm:
>_>
Wrek: :) surprisingly, it wasn't
Opposite of <_<
baked bads!
00,10>_<
00,10<_>
you can only imagine my shock at that part
Never thought i'd see a yellow pony dominate a bear and snap its neck
Gonna FLYYYYY NOOOOOOOOOOOW
05hah
dat Rocky
we're gonna need a montage
Never thought I'd see ANYTHING dominate a bear and fatality it
Sylvester Stallion in PONY 4
05lookign awesome Bronysith
RD being stronger than AJ just confuses me so much
My wub~
cartoons and logic just don't mix
Wrek: ikr, i saw jon snow so i was like "can i get a picture" and he goes "wait for the group" i thought it would be 1 or 2 people... EVERYONE SHOWS UP
I am going to stop trying it
YES
FALCON KICK!!
Foalcon Punch!
sorry...
Oh please she just tapped that bell
SO much better than that good for nothing Kidz Bop version...
....Yuck...
that came out wrong...
Yes...
YES!!
<3
THANKS FOR ALL THE FISH
Barbetos|AtWork: cartoons and logic SHOUDN'T mix. that's why i watch them
yus
Eli truer words my friend.
ohai LadyCanary ^_^
There are none.
hello
these videos are a good way to see if you have a decent grasp of popular culture.
I love this tune <3
Cartoons go by their own logic. I wouldn't want to watch a cartoon that has absolutely no logic at all.
00,10must be why I like them
8 bit theme?
00,10cause i like popculture
So what'st he announcement that everyone is waiting for?
8 bit pony music. Ruined thanks to Banned from Equestria (daily)
NEver again.
and these credits confirm that
season 3's start Knixiys
Stupid morbid curiosity.
Ponies on GB
popcultur~ <3
love that Madeon
05Barbetos|AtWork: wut?
the glorious day EQD goes down from overloaded traffic
/me giggles.
058bit is banned from eqd?
road to el dorado music???
I like this song
8bit?
Ah, an FM Synthesis mix that almost sounds like it could be in a game.
OH SHI-
oh my....
i didn't ask for this
and then the OG meme
i kinda like 8bit stuff...
AAWWW YEAAAH!
Wrek Oh not. There is a pony r34 game named Banned from Equestria Daily chock full of 8 bit music. Now when I hear it all I can think of is that stupid game
SEA PONIES
SHOOO BE DOO
wtf
I love 8 bit stuff
8bit music thats how I started
Aw. End of Sumi stream. Thanks Sumica <3
Sumica, thanks for streaming.
SEA PONIES YAY!
05ah
I don't always get saved, but when I do its by sea ponies.
Awwww end of stream :(
SHOO BEE WOOB DAH BOO WOPPAH!
05yeah ive heard of that game
thanks
05pokehiiden iirc
like songs with nice 8bit parts. slow country comes to mind :)
Hey Wrek. How'd you like the new season opener of dr.who?
I was honestly hoping I could get my mag to 150 before you're done.
Yep. Pokehiden
Thanks for the stream Sumica! :)
Pokehidden sucks <_<
Or are you still hating on matt smith?
I actually like his art though.
who's a silly pony?
Thanks for the stream Sumica.
Pokehidden?
Thanks Sumica
05TheMaster: never bothered gettign into dr Who, even if ive liek what ive seen of it
whos a silly pony?
05jsut cant get around to it
It was gweat
05hence haventsee nthe new season
EETS BACON AND APOLJECK!
thanks for stream?
I WASH GREAT
Its was grape.
"It wuz great!" this quote makes the video.
/me eats MadSurge's bacon
danke Sumica
immer wieder gern
Oh god. Fair warning everyone. DON'T GOOGLE POKEHIDDEN UNLESS YOU WANT PONY R34
And then Spike hit the moon
thx Sumica
Thanks for the stream sumica you rock man
Sumica: Thank you.
to da moon!
thanks for the stream Sumica
00,10It wash fun ^_^
Thanks Sumi <3
you rock
Barbetos|AtWork, I'll take that under advisement. Thank you
Cutie Mark Crusaders Kerbal Astronauts! Yay!~
so much fun to watch
/me googles pokehidden for no apparent reason
It wash gr8
Thanks for the stream Sumica.
Thanks for the stream Sumica
ending the stream aww
Thanks Sumica :)
thanks though
Sumica: CMCs play Kerbal Space Program
big adventures lot of fun
thanks
of all the worst things that could happen!
i was punking when the sea ponies came up i was gagging here
And thus, the stream sets slowy into the... Um.... noon? Here anyhow? Well, thanks anyhow, Sumica .
i mean pukinh
Moopy is a pumpkin
Kencolt: almost 8 PM here
00,10streams not over, just times up
no i was puking
puked rainbows
AND THEN
looks like Wrek
more
Wrek art stream!
So new music I take it Wrek?
:D
Well, actually 1:45, but...
Wrek is arting! =D
WREKY STREAM YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
00,10ohhhhh arts time?
is there any way to change stretching of video
and then Wrekstream
Hi Wrek, nice background.
its not Bum tasing, but it will certainly do
Gah Wrek, don't you ever get tired of streaming? :D
So much for wrek wrist rest XD
hey wrek i like how you make good art work stuff dude your an artest
SafariMonkey: You could pop out the stream and adjust it yourself
And then papyrus
Well, the trust is kinda broken after all of what he streamed in the morning.
MadSurge: Try streaming some time, once you get a good following its gets really addicting.
Barbetos|AtWork: I can imagine
00,10wrek should draw a pegasisisisisisisisisis
Outside of Bronystate, I don't know enough people who'd even want to watch me. :P
I would not personally know, but I helped some one get into it, and that is what he told me of the experience.
Fuckyeahvikingmetal?
as always
know your talking
Wrek draw a Cloud, but make it hawt
Moopy: I mean in fullscreen. popout then zoom in doesn't zoom player
SafariMonkey: unfortunantly, no way of doing that
And given my own silence during that, I bear just as much responsibility for that as Wrek.
wait so i have to pop the screen out?
While we were watching super pony time 3 my mom came to the room..... She starts saying it looked so gay and not manly........... Then a song she likes starts playing and i muted the stream and she said hey i liked that song! And i said u said it was gay so deal with it. And she got mad........
lol!@
05hardest part is finding a good pose
stop using the word gay in here dude
/me aplauds cachi01|phone
ok, the special somepony, big mac says alot and the ponyville confidential says alot
There's nothing gay about MLP
Moopy: why?
nope, not that i know of
who does his voice is just epic
Kandarihu tell that to her
cause we don't want that in here
the real meaning og gay is being happy
Moopy dude some people here are gay
Not me
Moopy: it's just offensive if you make it so...
Try showing her an episode. Try showing her the beginning.
can you please stop using that please
dat GigabitHarmonie
QuinnThePegaSistaa no one uses that meaning anymore
lot's of people have called me gay, and even though i'm not i don't give a fuck. it's not an insult, is it?
no one is using it negatively
^
00,10quick every one voge
00,10strike a pose
Eli ikr same here. But my own mom? She cant stand the idea of men watching ponies
wait wheres GigabitHarmonie ?
Eli if u are not gay i think its an insult....
it's a sexsual preference. nothing wrong about that. and cachi01|phone my own mom is one of the people who called me gay. including 2 of my brothers
they just dont understand
SIGH
/me poses like a bronze adonis
I hate my brother so i dont give a fuck about.him
He is also a brony
try talking to them Eli
boom boom! fiyapowa
A 11 years old brony
Cachi01 - Friends come and go, but family's for life. Don't overlook that
wait are we talking about sexuality in here?
QuinnThePegaSistta: i don't actually care. there will be a time i actually introduce them to a girlfriend, and laugh at their faces, but till then, who cares?
Bronysith nope
right, I like your mind set Eli
Sundaysmile i have been friend of my friends for about 10 years..... Im 14 those 7 are mt best friends they always support me
Ooooh, Wrek's is doing art stuff :D
QuinnThePegaSistta: thx :)
He's going for Sketchy Crumpled style? Will be interesting, Wrek
Games of Throney, Wrek?
NP ;)
Its nerf........or nothing NERF!
Bronysith dat organization xiii
Axel and i forgot the name of the bitchy blonde that made me rage quit in chain of memories
/me sighs "I am going to shower"
ugh
and yes they are a couple actually
Nooo i mean the blonde girñ
L
see you then Pearly
Cachi once your friends are my age, you'll get the picture
Heya bs :)
Hello brony state long time no see :D
hello
Heya Nerom :)
cachi01|phone: she dies. don't worry ;P
Sundaysmile we've been through so much shit i dont think we will stop being friends.lol
Wrek wich pony are you going to draw this time?
Is this Wrek's first male drawing?
i dont know
i dont think so
hello, this my first time tuning in on this livestream. Looking awsome so far :o
face looks kinda manly to me-
Ohh Wrek drawing. love those, just saw his latest just saying desktop!
Eli i know. You dont know how much i enjoyed kicking her ass
05fucking colts
I never said you'd stop being friends bro, but once you and your friends have bigger priorities in life, it'll change. So don't ignore your bro
o wrek
05drawing their faces in profiel sucks
What tablet are you using?
Vivix yeah its a male but i dont think its the first.
:)
Ahh, I've never seen him draw a male
me neither
:)
lol Wrek
Sundaysmile my bro can go and screw himself
Wrek: What tablet are you using?
Eli i thought axel sacrificed himself
Intuos 4 i think
Im sure he is using a wacom
He has time to grow up
ah
Eli and killing xion in days was even sadder :(
Oh i love using old papper as a background , makes it so much easier to draw :3
He is using a wacom intouse4 if he has not upgraded
i played that part, was sad indeed.
then you dont get the block as easily
I want Intuos for their rubbery tips- I like that resistance I get from paper
cachi01|phone: he did. yeah xion was sad to. reminds me, a friend stole that game from me!
Vivix i would love to have that one aswell :)
Eli lol go get it back
it sounds awesome
I'm amateur, I have a bamboo. :P
Wrek, Try pointer curves for COlts, while keeping the sleeker lines for Mares? :P
colts can be smooth ;__;
:P
the face is the big difference
i would love to even have a skill for drawing D:
me too but i suck too much to want to practice at all
I'm currently reading about horse anatomy to learn how to draw hooves and legs
My drawings are poorly drawn stick figures lol
Sumica, you said to strike a pose, right? http://derpy.me/MhZ34
i tried realy hard but i just dont have the "wrist for it"other people tell me :S
I can't draw straight lines, but I can still draw
so- its practice, no matter what you start out with
Create to your strengths.
Wirisme: that's a bad thing. i have zero talent either, but i worked up some skill by just doing it over and over. believe me it gets fun :)
I would like to be good at drawing but just for fun not for work or anything
I hope so :)
Im going to go make myself some soup cuz im hungry brb
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Drawfriend Stuff #554
same here, I just do it for fun
I couldn't get a job in it anwyay, too much pressure for something I only occationally enjoy
wanna be good at something gotta put the time in :P
so whats wrek drawing?
yep
i just realized those other alphas are me
no matter what, you can probably learn it
yeah
but learning takes more than a month
exactly
could some one kick them
if you wanna try drawing ponies, i recomend Derpy to start. she's quite easy :) i've started to doodle her on blank pages all the time
00,10wait...... is that a colt
hell you can learn to fly a plane if you want to it just takes time
I think so Sumica
Well theres more to drawing than ponies :3
00,10*shock*
Maybe your Oc can be a boy again!
:O
Oh my gurd
Sumica: I K R!
dun dun duuun
It's 90% perspiration.
How to MvM: http://derpy.me/5r5vS
CAN SOME ONE KICK THE OTHER MES!!!!
It takes 10,000 hours of practice to become an expert at something
I really like drawing real horses, but it's a bit hard still
well, untill after a few years of practice with no progression you will start to wonder if you do have skill for it xD
Vivix i need your help xD
I used to draw as a kid but haven't done that since
yeah when you kinda reach the hurdle, you stop seeing your own improvement andh ave to look back and compare to remind yourself
I guess whether or not I'm good at something affects my enjoyment of doing it
:P
or look to new sources vivix, kinda like broadening your horizons
Havent drawn since since the 1980s
Barbetos LOL
Sundaysmile, yeah
/me looks
Ember: I did that with 3d art. I discovered that while I was expert at technical realisation, I just didn't have the creativity. This after 4-5 years.
THANKS :)
...Oh my god.
These vocals <3
Beautiful.
Hey guys, I'm back. Oooh, first Wrek stream in DAYS
i believe everyone can get skill. how fast you get it, that's talent.
Heya CreeperPillow :)
That's pretty much where I stand too Eli
Wrek streamed yesterday?
:P
I don't know why but I love wreks taste in music
Hiya MaxTheBrony
CreeperPillow: he streamed all morning yesterday. It was a rock marathon
welcome back CreeperPillow
anyone else here in michigan
exactly :D
MaxTheBrony, it looks pretty good, but I'd look at the hindlegs and haunches abit more, and maybe strengthening the appearance of the joints on the forelegs
nope just Scotland here
wb
well, then i will keep trying then i guess.
let me fetch something-
There was still streaming as I went to bed at night
:) so lovely
I wonder if it is going to be firewall.
Barbetos|AtWork: UNtil it turned into a crossdressing British Comedian Marathon.
Or shining armor
Vivix more details ? And more correct anatomy i presume :P ?
Kencolt you know you enjoyed it
Brb going for icecream. I would give u guys some but i dont have one of those fancy teleporters kids have now this days.
Or an OC?
Guessing games are fun
Barbetos|AtWork: I was at times amused. But Twilight never figured it out-- Look! SHe still IS!
becuase i need help getting work papers
MaxtheBrony - my advice is to experiment with stuff you're uncomfortable or personally feel unskilled with drawing. Develop that then apply it to stuff you like drawing
MaxTheBrony, yeah, the upper body and such is good, and the back of the horse part is good- but the haunch and rump area looks a bit- unattural with the cutout, and the foreleg looks like it misses a joint- http://www.drgarfinkel.com/images/site/images/horse_502.gif look at this for instance- and try stylizing a bit like you did with the rest
o.o
Ah thanks :D
really appriciate this Vivix :)
BTW, the pic I linked to is my PSO2 character. Cute, ain't she?
often on strong horses the joints on the forelegs look pretty good if they're a bit eh--visible and strong looking, and no problem ^^
A gif that doesnt move? WHATS THIS SORCERY
hehe
dont know if i can, but can i post a link for a drawing a friend made in 5 minutes with no kind of expierience of that kind of style in the chat?
anyone here in michigan
cachi01|phone, a single frame.
SRSLY
im jealous of her, shes so good at drawing.
Anyone may post photo links i think , aslong as its art.
Kandarihu you could always add an extra frame and make it PARTY HARD
And now back to the metals.
http://www.ign.com/articles/2012/09/04/dark-souls-director-thinking-about-adding-easy-mode NOOOOOOOOOOOO
Ikr Bronysith xD
easy mode? fuck that shit!
/me almsot always plays casual mode in games
I think they should fix PC version first
^
HEY ANYONE IN MICHIGAN USA
agreed should be super hard mode on the Kinect
xD
SRSLY
AlphaThroughZeta no i dont think so
:)
Sundaysmile, I was responding to cachi01|phone's question about what sorcery is a non-animated gif.
Vivix: dark souls has no casual! it just gets harder!
;__; but I like easy things
And thus that game became more badass.
:P
well, actually, I like heavy story and little action
I know
Pearly as returned
Then you Suck.
I doo
but I like having fun too
Welcome back Pearly :)
DARK SOULS
ISNT SUPPOSED TO BE EASY
thank you
xD
i guess im the ONLY MICHIGAN BRONY
Anyway, about that pic. That giant fish behind my back... it's a lethal joke weapon. An Event Sword called the Space Tuna.
That's pretty neat for such little experience ember
MaxTheBrony, how are you darlin?
Lol this rage of different play styles its horrifying.
Pearly i am good , how are you :)?
I'e never enjoyed hard for the sake of hard, I like hard games, but I often think running around for hours shooting super high level enemies with no health is boring
and as such almost always play easy or casual on modern fps games
Dark Souls is meant to put you into a corner until you scratch your eyes out and wonder why someone would do this to you
umm no, that is I wanna be the guy gaiden
Dark souls is meant to make you feel like you got raped
Well
Lol
she is a dominatrix
Bronysith gets it
very cruel
but then she rewards you afterwords
I've never played Dark Souls, as the ad looked boring, but hating on easy mode is really stupid, you're not forced to play it on easy
00,10hmmmmmm the only colt unicorn I know of is Derpy_Hooves OC
xD
Take Ninja Gaiden for example...
I understand there's no pausing in Dark Souls. If you get a phone call, you have to find a safe-spot of some kind.
Woah
MaxTheBrony, I am good, for the most part. I suppose!
but dark souls is a realistic game if you ask me, because if i was that guy i wouldnt survive a dragon spitting fire right in my face.
that sounds kinda fun, kinda, no save is stupid since I have things to do other than play games
Pearly good to hear!
:P
but it has that, right?
yes it does , it must have
Sumica: You mean only OCs, or like...any. Cause I'm fairly sure Shining is a unicorn :P
but no checkpoints
kick the other me Pls
/me rubs hands
i think
:P
Vivix look up Dark Souls RAGE on youtube, you'll have videos of hilarity
hehehe
Vivix: extream auto save no manual so if you screw up sux2bu
00,10yeah OC's
ah
the server keeps reseting on me
00,10suppose wrek might do a shining and Twilie pick
I now feel so unmotive for some reason
but why should I not be allowed to play it with easy mode then? I'm not a good gamer, and I suck at fps
Vivix, you could always just get better at it :P
Vivix: I suppose you could stay on playthrough 1... its easyish..
hm-
KICK THE OTHER MEEEEE!!!! PLS
:p
but yea no I'm not getting better at FPS, I've been playing for..10 ish years
THANKS!!
http://cheezburger.com/6550193920 HA
Dark Souls isnt fps
or well--yeah I started playing doom and such in the mid early 90s
but I'm not getting good at FPS, I don't want to practice
did you improve on the way to now vivix?
Well Darksouls is a 3rd person rpg?
The reason why most NES games were hard were to elongate a game, MAKE IT SO FUCKING HARD
13http://i.imgur.com/eLNfQ.jpg
Probably, can't remember
Vivix: then dont play?
if not, maybe its not the kind of game for you.
Shizuka: Dinkleberrrrg....
I won't buy dark souls because it didn't look fun for mee, but I'm just commenting on hating on easy mode, I don't get it
Shizu Shizu! Good morning :3
13ooo canary canary ist a viking~
Bronysith ninja gaiden lol
/me 13travels with canary canary to pillage the land~<3
Yes I am :3
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY
cachi01|phone: and castelvania
Adventures with Shizu :D :D
inb4 the maelstrom
BRB EVERYPONY
:)
what kind of fps do you play vivix?
atm i mean.
well, eh atm..RO2 and..Killing floor
I don't play many games anymore
Ro2?
:P
fffffffffffffffffffffuuuu I need dark souls pc version :|
Red Orchestra
Ah
Black mesa source is coming out though, so I will be playing that
Bronysith alestorm*
Vivix is it free?
yeah
Vivix they are waiting for u gordon.....
:D
9 days! woo
awesome
Vivix click the corner of the webpage
but yeah that's the kinda fps I play now adays-
U will get a PDF
yeaah, the letter of admission
that letter was in the original manual, that I LOST ;__;
+ drawings of monsters and cut content, and maps
Vivix btw WHO DAFUQ IS TB?
oh btw, guys who are interested in this news: the next part of turnabout storm is going to be out next week the creator said.
Brb guys
TB? Not sure- we probably won't get to know either since that was the original letter too- I think
Well, one more Hunter Weapon and my mag will be 150
Ember YEEEEEEEEES
THX
Brb
Love this kind of music :D!
Power metal <3
^
Metal <3
^
:)
^
lol
haha
I got two hours before i need to hit the hay , should i draw or play Gw2?
draw
GW2
So much choices :3
:P
lol
depends how you feel
metal is SO AWSOME! /)^3^(\
OR DO MULTITASK!
draw
;D
if you have the energy to draw, go for it
draw while u play guild wars 2!
xD
draw GW2 pictures xD
keep in drawing
on
Ive done that , i failed xD
On drawing gw2 pictures
Well i guess i feel like drawing :)
:D
so whats being drawn?
Add a mod in GW2 that allows u to draw things
And draw IN guild wars2!
Who's the unicorn? An OC?
xD
i kanda hate gw2 atm, not the game, but the instalation.
We havent actually got too know
Evening, everybrony.
I think its an OC
kinda*
Evening Malavolent
evning
Hey, Wrek, can I ask you a question?
Hi Mlavolent :)
Hello Malavolent!
hi
maybe its the unholy baby of Mac and Twi
evening, Malavolent.
Ember wsup with the installation?
D: Why would their baby not be holy?
how you doing Malavolent
Vivix oh u reminded me of the horrible HORRIBLE cration of Shining and Cadence
OC changeling?
cachi01|phone, hehe, I haven't seen her yet D=
alexxm: Ah, it's okay, school and stuff. What about you?
Wrek got anything with violin in the song :3?
I wonder what will happen there- but if they could make Cadence work- I trust them
If anything, it's proof the weddingnight happened
i'm good Malavolent
/me sways side to side
Warning Nightmare fuel https://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/423430_395483580504673_847889182_n.jpg
Dat VikingCanary :3
/me Misses school now that shes done
Yar ^_^
O.o
OH my god
Be very careful if that's the kid of shining and cadence
topic of channel and all
OH GOD THE HORROR!
THATS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN CADENCR AND SHINING HAVE SEXUAL INTERCOURSE
/me Sway's side to side with VikingCanary
THAT
cachi: calm down
That Flute
:3
Some guy got banned two days ago for S3
sorry val.....
Who got banned?
Somone important :P?
Vivix its a toy not actual series :)
Anyone knows what of these Wrek uses for his drawings? Photoshop, or Illustrator?
some new guy who posted a S3 song
ahkai
ah
Malavolent paint tool SAI
probably someone shipping Otakon with S3
Sai Painttool Malavolent
^
What.
hehe
First time I hear abotu that.
happens all the time
70 bucks japanese program, pretty damn neat
Malavolent both kirz and wrek use it
Oh well.
I might as well check it out.
ooooooh, he is going to get a mask i think!
Vivix 70???? YAR HAR
70 is fuckcheap
I dont even have that much
but its still money
it's like one of the cheapest good programs you can find
So yar har!
00,10spider pony?
YAR HAT
/me slaps Vivix around a bit with a large trout
R
:P
/me cries and hugs Jmo
I was thinking Tribes when i see the head
SOAP~
Am i right?
Prob not
:P
/me eats soap ;__;
/me glomps Vivix
but piracy is bad on such things ;_;
Sumica?
Vivix........yar har?
is that Mare Do Well?
/me weeps
hehe
what should i draw?
xd
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Story Updates September 4th (Morning)
No, do what you like, but it's really cheap and good- they deserve the money
MaxTheBrony an R34 pic
U know the nissan skylark r34
O.o wait ?
In norwegian currency it was cheaper than most games at Gamestop
pretty nice car
Perhaps draw R34 of R34?
xD
Objectum Sexuality need porn too
hello everybody!
hi mentallyeffedguy!
Hello mentally stable person
hey wrek why do you have so much badass songs that sounds brutal man?
I shall not draw porn of anything xD
helloo!!
im kinda naive, but whats r34?
Draw parade horses!
Its epic
porn Ember
Sundaysmile: mentallyeffedguy thank you very much
Draw a Triangle, but make it sexy
hahah
well i don't have that thing
A r34 triangle
xD
hi
All that detail O_____O
Draw show prancing ponies
Ooh yes, with feathers
xD
A Dovahpony?
im no good with ponies at all
dat ping
MaxTheBrony i was talking about this R34 http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1059/744817519_bb850dc11f.jpg
:P
That missunderstanding
derp
xD
for my paint drawings and stuff all i can do is draw nuke singsn thats all
i mean signs
that car is named R34?
yeah
thats the Pun .3
:3
/me buys
Vivix R34 skyline
Wow- what a name
And theres a rarity R34 mod for it xd
I just imagine a skyline made of obscenity now
omg
Man wish i had a job like you guys
DOVAQUINE
You don't want my job lol
Rofl xD i was wondering why my pen pad didnt work , then i noticed that i hadent even plugged it in :P
/me is unemployed ;__;
and why is that?
I often hold my pen upside down and get confused
/me Is too young to work.
:P
/me has brainpower
Because I'm losing mine in a few months lol
MaxTheBrony lol fail
Genius Vivix.
WHO IS DRAWING?
wow lol fail
Wrek
Wrek is
Wrek
Wrek is drawing
Wrek
I know Jmo I'm like the IQ'est ever
^
(i just wanted to join in)
so many Wrek pings
lol
ofcourse wrek is drawing hes so good at "drawing"
We're like that fairy that link had
Hi
HEY LISTEN.
HEY WREK, LISTEN, HEY
aaaaand im back, but how lon i do not know lol
well hes the master of drawings
Navi!
HEY VIVIX, LISTEN.
Woah that Viking Pony!
JMO!
/me slaps Vivix around a bit with a large trout
or alternatively Tatl
LISTEN
when he finishes this I kind of want it as a desk top piucture
/me screeches
hey
The Navi Strikes Back.
Hey Look Listen
The Navi was father
:P
Watch out!
Look!
its funny because i have that game with HER in it
Yeah, cachi
Hey!
Hey Lusten!
dam
listen
What have you created Vivix.
haha
and in the first 15 mins shes pretty much silent
I'm sorry!
sudo slap Vivix
/me slaps Vivix around a bit with a large trout
Yeah 15 mins...
I messed it up
;~;
....until you enter the tree ._.
D=
Vivix HEY LOOK AND LISTEN WHAT U JUST DID!
then after 16 hours of gameplay you want to chew your own ears off
lol
cachi01|phone, LISTEN! HEY, ITS OKAY
we'll probably all get kicked for allcaps
Sorry for caps lol
hehe
sunday, then do what i do
MUTE the FRIKKING TELEVISION
suicide?
Aaand, nick worked
ohhhhhhhhhh
woulda made a LOT more sense come to think of it
or put up music
that pony is wealding two axes!
I regret putting a brick through my tv
wha?
SWEET CELESTIA, DAT pony
I liked navi.... I cried when se left
:) :)
dat telekinetic axe wielding
She*
that stallion is adoreable-
yes
Dual Wielding with a Shield??? Woah! Woaaaaaah!!
its, its... THE BEST THING EVER!
MLG PRO HAX
adoreable.
H4X
/me sits on Vivixs head
Watch out EveryPony we got a bad A** over here
/me gives Jmo food
nemnemnemnem
nah, i think more of a magical gifted unicorn who likes axes and shields
I thought that blue thing was something completely different there for a second
Is it a beard?
...Yes.
the blue on his face yeah, but the thing in the corner
XD
Oh it was Finntroll!
:D
oh i couldnt quiet tell
HNNNG. Oh god its so awesome >w<
their awesoem
What's this?
ah that music reminds me of being a kid
haven't heard it since-
Starswirl`?
anyone else suddenly thinks their OC wouldnt stand against that pony? ._.
Holy hay, people are writing Ranger's Apprentice crossover fics.
stand a chance*
And then I realise I'm probably the only guy who reads those books.
Ember: whats OC?
My 'oc' is a deer, it would just fly away with rudolph powers
It'd look lovely on my wall.
Kammerjunk: possibly
an OC is an Own Character
Kammerjunk: i have never heard of em
My oc would just be his friend. I hope so
OC Is original character
dat beard
Original Character
Dark_Horst: Figures.
The OC is MMMM WATCHA SAAAY
is that an Applejack viking drawing?! thats so awesome
I don't think its AJ
cachi01|phone: MMM that you only meant well?
I think its just some unnamed stallion-
Applejack as a Valkyrie????? OH YES
does seem pretty viking though
Kammerjunk because u didnt
mine would be on the other side of the coutrey in ten seconds flat
I have two Oc's one is an earth pony and the other is a unicorn, im workign on a pegesis now
note the helmet
Vivix: I concur.
looks like stormcloak armor
Stohmklohk.
I used to be an adventurer like you, but then i became a pony.
Stormkappe
Oh.
well, the nord are pretty much vikings
lol
couldnt resist it, sorry
they just called them nord
I ususal don't write Original Character fics
Vivix: Not sure if Swedish, Norwegian or Danish.
?
im from Norway :)
I'm norwegian, I guess that line is pretty much all of it
You're dane right?
Im from sweden :)
im from Denmark
Yup.
looks like nordic inscriptions to me.
Norweigee.
Looks like "runes" guys
Eg husker så fra lenge siden
So much detail
(i have no idea what im talking about)
Mysterius Mare viking?
they almost look the same evertwehere
Mysterious Colt :D?
It's Batman!
I mean.
Vivix well you know me, i'm one of the danes in the chat
Both imperials and stormcloaks can go and fak themselves...
We learned Futhark runes in school, forgotten all of it
joker: *is not amused*
Ditto.
same
killerpony7733, yeah, I remember
haha
Sounda vague like Nathan Explosion, but then everything does...
this song :)
/me giggles.
Oh my lord XDD
its epic xD
oh my got
dat song
klrpwny73 pls
BAMBOLEIROOOOO, BAMBOLEIRA :D
hi everyone :)
dat Bamboleo cover
i thought it was applejack because of its tail :P
/me makes a creepy sweaty face "Bueno."
Hello, Lil_B.
hey
Hi Lil_B :)
Hello Lil_B!
I've met more danes than swedes and norwegians here, I think
hey
im kinda unlucky, im the only brony in the netherlands as far as i know it D:
Hey guys!
I work together with a Brony
Masdragonflare: Salve!
hey
I want to hear "Macarena" covered by the same band now.
Kammerjunk it would have been funny to name the mall city 17
Oh looks like a joined just in time :D
I think other than Jim, mentallyeffedguy is first Norwegian I've seen in a while
Applejack2012: that's awesome
Kammerjunk oh yeah city i know that type of mall. Shouldn't surprise me theres alot of bronies in this city too but as far as having heard about any or seeing any in general is a nope so far
cachi01|phone: That would be brilliant.
thanks Kammerjunk AppleDash cachi01|phone and MadSurge ;)
Who's the drawning from :D?
Kammerjunk and then get sue by Valve
oh wait
http://derpy.me/ofsLz
bearded pony?
killerpony7733: I just walk around in pony clothing articles. Much easier.
now it's a true viking
who's doing the bamboleiro cover?
Ole!
Kammerjunk wait as in a store there that had the MLP FIM clothes?
Guys?
I mean Ponies?
wuat?
since im here btw, any dutch bronies in the chat?
killerpony7733: Oh no, I was walking around the store dressed in pony swag.
Who's the drawning from?
killerpony7733 hot topic
Wrek who sang the bamboleiro cover?
I think one of hte mods were Dutch? one of the old ones? Am I totally memoryfail now?
Masdragonflare: Wrek's drawing.
Yeah Kammerjunk
Kammerjunk u know that swag means secretly we are gay right? xD
Kammerjunk aaah makes sense. But as far as having seen any here is a big no on my end. I don't have pony swag either
Vivix: Not impossible.
I guess I'll see :)
Lulu or Luna?..I might be wrong
No, Luna's from Deutschland.
I'm sure it will be awesome ;)
IIRC.
cachi01|phone: wat?
hmm..yes
i knew that wrek werent drawing with his hand, cuz that would have been impossibru!
Vivix: ViVi is from Germany I believe.
Dark_Horst swag was created by a gay group
oh yeah I remember that
VikingCanary in total we have around 5 at max i think of EU mods
but I could have sworn that one of the mods were Dutch-
Dark_Horst it means secretly we are gay
neverheard of that one
s w a g
VikingCanary yes she is :)
technically swag is just a lazy way to announce one's swagger
have anyone else watched the mov series on youtube? Rainbowdash always says swag :P
is my connection dead again?
None of the current mods are Dutch, it seems.
Swag is a very old word though
Lil_B: Yes.
I've been drawing some ponies on school
Kammerjunk thats bad :/
since I was bored and all
I hate the word swag...
05so far so good
Its just so stupid
Like YOLO
Wrek?
Lil_B: Your connection is the deadest dead in the history of cemeteries.
I'm neutral on the word swag, since its..almost never audible to me
:p
Who's the lucky pony Wrek?
:p
Vivix lucky you
Wrek: lets hope you dont fuck it up :)
swag originates from the 1700s I think and means treasure or..flowers
found the bamboleo cover!
swag (verb): To sway or cause to sway.
Kammerjunk is is unbearable for me to not chat with Bronystate right now... because my connection is so very dead
also S.W.A.G. - Secretly We Are Gay, from what i've heard
I used to draw ponies for decades ago
That would be swagging
allow me to swag you, Kammerjunk
SirGangalf yeah
Oh Wreky it looks wonderful ^_^
1500s* to sway, a bulging bag, products given away for free, (modern, cheap drugs) and festoon
thumbs up Wrek
Vivix: Da.
It probably has more than one meaning.
SirGanjalf: Yeah. It also means to decorate something with loops of draped fabric.
yeah, the original meaning is a big bag, or to cause to sway
It probably stems from Old Norse "sveggja".
yyes probably-
if that picture is done i will try to get it for my background xD
its awsome so far
svai, skikkelig herpa svai
It is.
brb darlings
Right-o.
the biggest setback for an artist is when the tools he uses are so bad that he becomes unwilling to do his art because it would mean to deal with them :(
oky-doky-loky
/me gives pheonix down to chat
NOW REVIVE
i was just about to ask a uestion
question* xD
lol
tries to revive chat
cachi01|phone you need the "Live 3" Spell to revive everyone
the whole partie XD
Bronystatre is biggest party!
State*
wha is the best way to tell your family/friends you are a brony?
bye everyone!!
why's it any of their business?
Goodbye mentallyeffedguy
bye
Ember hey guys im a brony
im trying to tell them that for a while now, but i cant get the courage to tell them :|
This makes total sense to me
Thats how i told my friends
Ember: -Hey what are you watching? -Ponies. -Oh, ok.
exactly, it's not a big deal
Ember find a way to talk about the issue like "I heard MLP was getting a big follwing, what do yyou think about it "to find out what they think before telling them (or to find out if you even want to tell them)
My tv has a record option and my mom watched My little pony was being recorded.....
Thats how she and my family found ouy
T
their buisness is that i dont have to hide what i love to share the most.
Well my plan to use this school computer for non school stuff is shot to hell
Hi
Geez i have more trust in my friends than my family lol
0,10,1
cachi01|phone, that itself is a problem.
O-o
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Weekly Media Roundup 8/27 - 9/02
Ember: Plug your computer to your TV and play an episode with the speakers on full.
My sister found out I'm a Brony
/me is back. again
Despite this computer being new it still lags like a motherfucker
EnderPillow: Resaluta.
Welcome back EnderPillow
was that a good thing Applejack2012
Dat EnderPillow
@Applejack2012 :
I guess my parents found out around the time I ordered my first two T-shirts.
Hey Wrek seriously, post a playlist of your music library sometime soon, would be appreciated
^
what was her reaction
?
:D
cachi01|phone, frankly, the proper thing to do is to convince your family that Frienship is Magic is an alright series.
05everythign is in it
Wrek want me to link it?
Would this happen to be the Mad Caddies?
05sure
Kandarihu my mom keeps saying its gay
http://open.spotify.com/user/joish/playlist/0FDICVUwvEjQaauzVjRzf0
my kind of son
I liek dat playlist.
It reminds me of Weird Beard.
my kind of song
I've seen 21 episodes with her and she still says its gay
Wrek playlist -> http://open.spotify.com/user/joish/playlist/0FDICVUwvEjQaauzVjRzf0
How is it gay?
Idfk ask her
cachi01|phone, why does she think it's gay?
cachi01|phone: Show her the IRC, lol.
Yeah my sister told I might get FiM as a Birthday present
Much obliged, downloading now
thats awesome?
Kandarihu the only thing she says is Because they are fucking.ponies
what's FiM?
Kammerjunk already did that
Well, if she thinks about the original meaning of word "gay"...
What a dumbass...
cachi01|phone: Oh.
Masdragonflare, Friendship is Magic
it's magic masdragonflare
ill try to say it like kandarihu said, tell them i watch it and that its a fun show to watch.
oh lol
I usually just use mlp
gl with that :p
I actually managed to get a streamer who really didnt like bronies to accept me being one
Kammerjunk i told her andrew W.K was a brony........she told my dad that andrew W.K composed the music for MLP
but i gotta go now people, maybe see you guys later
Masdragonflare, but that encompasses the older generations that WERE only meant for little girls.
bye Ember
cya
cachi01|phone: Lol.
Bye Ember!
*salute*
bye Ember
Kandarihu K I'll keep it in mind ;)
nice music. who's the band?
cachi01|phone: :D
Man the super boss from Xenosaga Ep 3 was a pain
cachi01|phone, perhaps some contrast is needed then. It may be neccessary for your mom to see G3, just to understand how bad FiM is NOT
What's Wrek drawing today?
He can easily combo you to death
viking pony
RASPUTIN:D
RA RA RASPUTIN
VIKING PONY!?
Kandarihu theres a video called how to explain bronyhood to a non brony...
RUSSIAN LOVE MACHINE
oh god that first clip... the horror
Kandarihu it shows a pinkie pie scene from G3 and a pinkamena scene from.G4
And Hi Aj
cachi01|phone: I love that video.
/me dance
that video was shown here
Kandarihu she said "the only difference is that one has sexy teen hair"
I was like WTC
WTG
Wtf
*headtilt*
FUUUUUU
cachi01|phone: No offense but your mom sounds like a total dumbass
:D
awesome song !
Sounds like your mother is expecting you to see sex appeal in things.
lol
I'm back baby
Spademagnes yeah she is cool and everything but she is a scumbag about MLP and bronies
^IKR?
cachi01|phone: Or just show her Ballad of a Brony. If she refuses, scream at her "WELL, THEN DON'T JUDGE IT" and sing "Giggle at the ghosties"
welcome back Vivix ;)
wb
...I haven't had tea in a while. It messes with my head.
Dammit, my chat derped
Thanks Lil_B
Kammerjunk: :D
Kammerjunk did something similiar....... I showed her cupcakes and then i sang smile smile smile XD
Wb Vivix :)
Tyty MaxTheBrony
cachi01|phone: Oh lol.
I need a name of this song, pronto!
wb
cachi01|phone: Know that fell. Did something similar.
I still find that trick you can do in the piranaplant boss fight in Yoshi's Island amusing
Kammerjunk I recently saw another "Ballod of the Brony"-like video about the same lenght and style, made by a Non-Brony, I would suggest his video even more (if yI could find it again -.- )
cachi01|phone: You learn by your mistakes.
Spademagnes[R]: the one egg kill before the fight?
Watch a Non-Brony comment video
13gentlemen
yeah those are awesome
so this is a game of thrones pony?
Shizuka: Mentlgen.
13board your doors and windows
Shizuka, what's up?
Oh no.
/me listens
13do not leave your basements
did it Shizuka
Shizuka mentelgen
Yay Shzuka brings bad news =D
13IT'S COMING BACK http://gizmodo.com/5937402/the-new-furby-review-absolute-horror
What is Celestias holy rainbow mane is coming on?
NO
/me doesn't have a basement. :O
:why:
FURBYS
its was a disaster!
NOONONOONONO
oh dear god no kill it with fire
lol
NOT AGAIN
We are doomed
OMG SHIZU I KNOW
damnit don't scare me like that
13AND WE ARE THE CAUSE... BRONIES GAVE HASBRO ENOUGH MONEY TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN
hahah
OH GOD WHY
xD
NOoooooo
WHAT HAVE WE DONE!?
....OH GOD IT'S ALL OUR FAULT
Hasbro whyyyyy
Oh why, dear Luna WHHHHHYYYYYYYY!
OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
Well, it could be worse. It could be Nightmare Fuel Pinkie Pie.-
D:
What?
It's our fault... our fault... our fault..
IT TALKS.
NOOOOOO
xD
Hold on!!!! EVRYPONE CALM DOWN!!
THE CRUEL IRONY BURNS
/me cries on Shizuka's shoulder. Imma scared viking >:
EVERYONE, GET TO A VAULT!
Kammerjunk: It always talked.
Didn't we say the same thing about MLP FIM?
altough
/me 13keeps canary safe from the evil furbies
meh nevermind
VikingCanary: No, I mean Nightmare Fuel Pinkie Pie.
Ah
Pitchforks for sale! Get your pitchforks!
FURBIES ARE GOING TO DESTROY US ALL, DESTROY US ALL, DESTROY US ALL
/me shuts herself in her basement
/me I have one of those f*ckers here in my home
/me and pulls the Creepers with her
I TAKE VAULT 42!
i want the chicken. DESTROY US ALL!
LEAVE ME ALONE!
Panic eaction like inb4 FiM ponies
reaction
Valve 69 is MINE!
/me knocks on EnderPillow 's basement door "dont leave me here with theeem!"
SirGanjalf: See what you did there.
Valve 69!? You don't need water man, you need shelter!
00,10comeing soon, pony furbys
05Sumica
NONO
Valve 3 is mi--- oh wait it doesnt exist
00,10ja wrek?
05whatcha think of the viking pony? :D
Calm down its not so soft ponies
-_(\
13mother of celestia
so is there evidence the new furby is our fault Shizuka
Emil: http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Vault_69 - giggitu
Wrek it's awesome
*giggity
00,10the hood seems a bit much
00,10diging the armor
The detail of the armour is pretty good
It's awesome Wrek
So awesome >w<
I like that necklace
So is it going to be a completely new pony?
it looks good Wrek it has good details
alexxm we gave them the.money...
Introducing Viking pony!
it looks like DnD manual drawing, really neat
:à
:)
oops sorry, i mean that belt thingy:$
I draw brand new pony everytime I draw a pony-
Touch" Vivix
I ment Touché*
you also draw Vivix ?
°-°
crazy good drawing wrek
hehe
epic
Hobby drawings yeah
well good night everypony
Ooh I like this song~
bye Maid_RainBow :)
night
Night Maid_RainBow :)
00,10just think Shizuka, a talking furby celestia
Who would this be, Wreky?
....NO SUMI WHY. ;3;
not bad for an OC
I want to buy a white horse, and attach a horn to her head
Sumica :ohgodwhy:
will Who be on again later?
and then be crazy hippie guy
haha
:)
this song
Vivix thts kinda cruel lol
cachi01|phone: Meh, it's not the first time someone regrets giving some company their money. Despite loving some things they produce.
;__; she'll love the horn, it'll make her magical
Llevan Polka, right?
is it some kind of a cruel joke?
Brb getting a leek
or Loituma song?
SirGanjalf, I regretted buying an EA game seconds after committing to it on Steam.
00,10it will look just like clestia only furbyshaped
Llevn polka sirgangañg
00,10and it will pur when you pat it's mane
Gangalf lol
Kandarihu: Which game?
/me spins a leek
if it has the Celestia VA, I might buy that Sumica
00,10nah
sumi don't make me cut you for those images......
cachi01|phone: gangañg style? :D
Wrek: wanna trade drawing skills? you can have mine and start from scratch and i can steal yours :)
00,10it will use the voice the toys use
It would be so wrong, a ball of Celestia
awww..
05also dat feel when your motehr tells you she's proud you're a brony O.O
"CHelestia Daaance"
:O
00,10awwww
SirGanjalf, I'd rather not go into that kind of detail. Boycotting includes giving the game publicity as far as I figure.
Wrek did you mother say that?
*claps*
awww...
aww
we need a talking Bon Bon
05aye
Wrek ur mom is awesome!
Hey Sumica, did you see that pic I linked to after you told us all to strike a pose?
Wrek your dad made no comments to mature drawing?
You got some awesome parents Wrek
They sound really nice
00,10no I missed it
http://derpy.me/MhZ34
Wrek btw me gusta your AJ drawing.........
what the hell is that?
Kandarihu: *nods* Wise choice. I still remember that image: http://www.dpaddbags.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/12580353958411.jpg
It took me a while to get signed in to Imageshack again.
/me spits out water.
SHE REALLY SAID THAT, Wreky?!
http://derpy.me/ofsLz
13awww wrek~
SirGanjalf, ROFLMBO!
05Vivix: its mature tagged
05he cant see it
Kandarihu: What MBO means? :D
05he asked why it was tagged though
SirGanjalf: that group seems very dedicated
05he seemed understanding
My Butt Off
Wrek: That's awesome.
Hehe, probably just as well, even if it is respecable
aah hehe
00,10oh look celestia and luna furbies already http://www.micomtech.com.hk/image/Furby05.gif
Kandarihu: Oh. And yes, they are>_><_<
God this computer sucks
Sumica: HERECY!
Most parents are nice, and its nice to have nice niceness
Oh Lord Sumica
yeah
:)
/me 13grabs canary und flees to the secret bunker
haha
00,10and here is the Lyra Furby http://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/2012/4/11/56253fe2-eea1-4b98-b0d7-331b3e2e6828.png
WAHHH!! Shizu Im scared ;_;
Sumica XDDDDDD
Sumica thats bucked up
Sumica: pfff... ahaha
/me hugs VikingCanary
Sumica, rofl
O u sumi
05she even showed her co workers some of my art n stuff
05well
05the friends of the family co workers
:D!
well you are talented so.
00,10that is awsome wrek
i dont see why not :)
Wrek: we have very different parents wrek very different....
aww
Wrek: You have the best mom ever. :)
My parents like what I do I think- they're very supportive at least
....Awwwww Wrek!!!!!!!
<3
Your mom is cool :3
05THIS GUITAR
i wil never hear my mom saying im proud that you are a brony
...Oh my. @_@
00,10I know this song
00,10or atleast that opening rift
This song <3
discometal beat
00,10oh yeah I do know
rasputing agaiN?
nope?
:P
ah it was it
now who are these guys?
05becasue why the fuck not? :P
oh, hey again
Ra Ra Ra Rasputin!
Wrek plays the best stuff
Indeed^
I and wrek have a very different musical taste, but it's fun to hear these things from time to time
Same ^
00,10cant wait to see if this ponies sword
I have another story for you all. I went to go get lunch this afternoon, and when I asked for a couple slices of pizza, the guy said "Sure, anything for a fellow brony!" I was honestly surprised that he knew I was, and that made my day so much. :)
Sumica: we saw two axes
Aww
00,10axes are also good
00,10getting dizzy
I wish bronydom had settled when I was in college, because we could use the cinema for whatever we wanted, we coulda had pony marathons
instead we had lionking and movie marathons- and tv
Sumica: why you dizzy?
00,10Spinning picture
AJIsAwesome: I would like to thank you for directing me to that video. I finished it. :)
oh lol
my mom gets motion sickness from 3d games
she only plays platformers
SafariMonkey: No problem. Anytime. :)
raubiter :)
dem russias
This guitar.
you spin my pic right round right round
AJIsAwesome: Not much I didn't already know, except some of the earlier gen stuff, but it helped consolidate it my mind.
hm. i heard this one before
SafariMonkey: No problem. :)
when i looked them up on youtube. cant remember the name though
i think it's more like "Raubtier"
en blodskontraahht
Hey guys apparently to enjoy the ps4 at full quality u will need a 4k tv........
Wrek: why does that pony have such big ears?
hehe
px is px
05cachi01|phone: and peopel say consoles are the cheap gaming
Wrek IKR
cachi01|phone: fk dollars?
I don't think you need anything over 19201080 to enjoy ps4
*4k
SafariMonkey a 4K SCREEN
cachi01|phone: as in res or price>?
SafariMonkey 4K = a theatre screen
and it'll still be awesome at lower
4 000 usd?
and people still say Nintendo is too Gimmicky... at least they give the opportunity to do something different with games, while the Playstation only gets higher resolution and better operating power each cycle :/
00,10gonna do any thing with back legs wrek?
PS3 is getting weak compared to computers though, so they have to
Wii was fun, but I don't really like jumping around while playing games-
05Sumica: aye
05cuffed boots
05of some sort
Vivix well, the WiiU won't be about jumping around that much (at least it seems so
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4K_resolution ?
00,10yeah was gonna say he needs some boots
uncut horseshoenails
WiiU I haven't read about, but it'll probably be good
Wrek: how long have you been drawing on this on?
Me gusta :3
05this one..
00,10hour 30
051 hour 47 minutes
Vivix: What? Apparently WiiU is terrible...
00,10eh I was close
Wrek, steel horseshoes with uncut nails as a bludegeon tool
SafariMonkey, haven't read, no opinion
Vivix, cool
its the first that nintendo made that is 1080p
Wrek: youre a dedicated drawer then
I'm just going for the whole- most consoles were good, and most next gens will probably be aswell, just different
WiiU is going to be awesome
SafariMonkey: It is?
AC III is on it that is well something cool
Zombie u looks awesome
And nintendo land will be fun to play with friends.and family
nowerdays, picking a Console is like trying to vote... everything has a lot of downsides, I just can choose the one that has the least bad ones... and thats Nintendo for me :)
05i bet once the new ones are released
And dont.forget the multive--, i mean miiverse
05they will be so expensive on the market
05that you'd be better of buying parts to a PC
Lil_B, yeah you just have to choose what suits you best
Wrek that was teh case last release, I remember
Wrek! You improved alot! On the armor and anatomy looks Youner Colt like!
SafariMonkey: Oh. I see. Okay.
05and then you can replace parts as they become obsolete
05not the case with your console
that tank game looked fun
05jsut saiyan
btw, the MiiVerse IS NOT some Facebook like application that links every game and everything you do too your friends -.-
yeah, I have i7 2600 3.4ghz cpu and 16gb ram, etc- but I haven't blown a single paycheck
just took it slowly
I need a new gcard and am looking at 600 series-
ive been doing homework for 6 hours now, and im fukin tired
got damn internett distractions!
hehe
Lil_B i dont want a stupid facebook, facebook is shit
mentallyeffedguy man, in what kind of school are you
Ita only gpod for trolling
Its only good*
Just because we don't like something, does not maen its bad
mean*
Lil_B: its not the school its the internett distractions, i could have probebly been done in 2 hours or something
and '..yeah so forht
cachi01|phone well, maybe I'll get a FB account after all, just to get the pics and infos from groups where some of my friends are
when I was in ungdomsskole and VGS, I never did homework
mentallyeffedguy know that feel bro :/
Vivix: http://goo.gl/8ZY3c CNet review/discussion
Wrek: Having issues with the eyes?
Vivix: when you where in undomsskole? :P hater undomsskole
on Wii U?
I don't plan to buy it--
hehe
ehh tror det var.. 2002-2004/5
23 nu
I will get an OUYA for my birthday :)
OUYA will release in march and my bday is on march :)
I'm gonna get a new PC later this year, I have my current one since 2008 I think and I have been saving a lot
Wrek: will you be posting this picture on ED?
pc.
cachi01|phone: How much it will costs. Did they announced it's official price already?
05mentallyeffedguy: on what?
It'll last you londer.
longer*
pc is better i knoe but zombie U
DAMN
ohey Vordox :) I haven't seen you around here as frequently :(
Wrek: equestria daily :P
Vivix: You sound scandinavian. Norwegian?
Lil_B: Having an addiction to PSO2 atm. :P
SirGanjalf idk
SafariMonkey, yeah Norwegian
Vordox PSO2?
Vivix: Faroese here
Ooh~
I bought PC, and feel I got more value for money, but console is--different, it's fun too
Ooh, never met anyone from there SafariMonkey
Vivix: vel dra meg baklengs ut av fuglekassa! :P
hehe
PHANTASY STAR ONLINE 2!
And it's AWESOME FREE TO PLAY! <3
Solan, right?
Vordox never heard of ti... but I'm not into MMOs anyway :/
I always forget his name
Lil_B: Check youtube trailer =3
PC has amnesia, mods for almost every game, better graphics, slender, And TF2.......
well its not just that
PC is upgradeable for little money
But wii U has zombie U cabt decide xd
Vivix: The spoken language is similar to the old norse. :P
buy a really good pc and you can maintain it as really good for little money for many years
Vordox no, I waste enough of my time as it is XD, btw can I show you my latest progress? (I have a couple of questions)
Ah yeah, is it similar to Icelandic?
Lil_B: Go ahead. I'll answer to my best effort =3
<3
Vivix: Written, yes, but spoken it is closer to modern norwegian
Wrek: will you be posting it on equestria daily? i wanna see it when its finished :O
Wrek, I will like this.
SafariMonkey, cool- ah the languages. I always thought Icelandic looked really cool, but haven't seen Faroean (how u sai)
Vivix: I can understand norwegian perfectly, and can read icelandic
No matter how hard you might fail
I will
:)
Niice
Vivix: Faroese
ah yes, thank you
cachi01|phone: I recommend you to wait a bit after WiiU release - see if they'll will be more games you'll be interested. Otherwise - PC.
*there will be
^
Illusive_Elusive yep thats wrek devaintart page :)
00,10inb4 drawfriend labels this as skyrim pony
SafariMonkey: where are you from?
00,10or Dovapony
Yeah i will get a PC
And if i can. Also a wii U
cachi01|phone PC, wait for WiiU Pricedrop then, and you will see how the Console is like by then :)
^
So theres a posibilty of buyinh both
Besides: You can always buy a console, finish the exclusives you like, then sell it and invest money in PC:P
Nintendos often launch cheaper than other consoles
If not. I will wait for the price drop :)
so you might be able to get both
since the NES Nintendo has always released their consoles on the same day before black friday
/me anyone was in YayPonies channel?
Lil_B november 12 or 11 yep
My mom thought Judas Priest was tenacious D dafuq xD
Vivix and mentallyeffedguy: my mum is faroese, my dad is british and i lived the first 13 years of my life in senegal, west africa. I since moved to the UK and have lived here for 4 years. I know english, faroese, saafi saafi (local) and french and can read danish.
Saafi saafi?
thaats cool
cachi01|phone: A local language in senegal
I plan to buy some current gen console after new ones are released... And here's the question: Is Xbox version of RDR really that superior in graphics compared to PS3 version?
oh :)
anyone else that likes too lisen to queen?
SirGanjalf nope. Its just more shiny
I like them but I don't listen to them regularly
^
I honestly couldn't make up a more international upbringing. :P
cachi01|phone: PS3 it should be then:)
This pretty much sums up what's it like when people use quotes on the internet :D http://derpy.me/f7J4m
05effign helmut
Needs more horns
mentallyeffedguy: i like Queen
/me slaps Sundaysmile around a bit with a large trout
Vivix: where in norway are you? i havent found any fellow bronies where im at yet :(
That would be too much Sundaysmile.
horns within horns
Alchrmist Xdddd
05their helmets never had horns
I know, but still..... Horns
Alchemist: seems to be a parody of http://i.imgur.com/2dr29.jpg
Well we can say that pony is *puts sunglasses on*...........
Horny
dammit, chat derped again
indeed
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
SafariMonkey: it might, never saw the dumbledore one though, but its still :D
horns puts on sunglasses yeah
derp?
6_9
ded chat?
I'll reserve judgement once I see the facial expression in all it's glory carring two axes
I like that helmet:P
*already
Wrek is best viking.
What's the name of the wub pony?
the one with the blue hair?
Masdragonflare vinyl?
vinyl scratch?
isnt there more designs of different Viking helmets wrek? if that once doesnt fir in this perspective :)?
is it?
ok
fit*
Masdragonflare: Vinyl Scratch a.k.a DJ P0n3
mentallyeffedguy, I currently live around 40 minutes outside of trondheim
U r just a parasprite so close ur eyes and say goodbye
Vivix: so youre a vaskeekte trøndar? Bergen here :)
hehe skaptrønder ;D
Vivix: i demand that you grow a moustache ;)
Yeah I speak light trøndersk- was born in Lillestrøm, but raised in sør trøndelag, so from my dad I still have that--bokmålish sjvung
DONT DO IT
No way!
ONCE U GROW ONE
IT WILL NEVER GO AWAY
If I ever have a moustache, it has to be one of those huge trønderbarts
D=
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/8/29/wkZ7eO8scUy0kVypBaSa_A2.jpg
IM BACK everypony
Vivix: trøndarbarts are best barts
hehe yeah, they look crazy
My cousin actually lives in Bergen now, and one of my childhood friends goes to gamedesign school there
Bronysith lolwut
sounds like a nice place
Wrek: i wish i could see you finish this drawing, too bad school starts way too early :(
mentllyeffedguy my school starts at 6:00 :(
AM
!!
cachi01|phone: well ill be damned, youre fucked
08,01so, um
we started at 8 I think
08,01i've acquired a boyfriend
cachi01|phone: like every day
Hi beecolours guy
!
mentallyeffedguy yes i am lol
/me 08,01has a happy
Good news, ScootaChicken? Congrats!
....OH MY GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
envies the lovvy dovvy stage of the relationship
Vivix: What
PSo2 <3 My Character Yuni
http://img513.imageshack.us/img513/777/image1mw.jpg
wrong ping sorry ScootaChicken ;__;
^
Vordox: you son of a bitch
But anyway, good for you:)
Bronysith: What? ^^
/me 08,01does a happy dance
Vordox: thats PSO2
08,01he's from the netherlands, and he's friggin'lovely
Bronysith: YEP! Why mad about that thogh? It's Free to play? D:
Title on www.equestriadaily.com: Equestria Daily: Music Remix: CommandSpry fixes Whitetail / First Night Alone - Cherax Destructor and Thatsonofamitch / Perfect Stallion Rock
Vordox: cause no english version yet
You're dating Wrek?
Bronysith theres an english patch
Bronysith: So? Play the Japanese version then, duh :D
08,01Dovah: i... have no idea
:D
Sundaysmile: XD He's from Sweden.
Sundaysmile: wrek is from sweden you know
lol
Pretty sure Sundaysmile knows, you jokster you
PARTY HARD! http://28.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_leiyhgCfCM1qenr6no1_250.gif
/me shrugs innocently
:D D:
:D*
Satuuuuuuurn :3 so cuuuuute
and muh chat died again... or is it just slow?
d
D
hi
CCCP: Hi! :)
hi AJIsAwesome <3
Hi CCCP :)
hello cachi01|phone *hugs*
/me hugs CCCP
hiu
Hello CCCP :)
hi
08,01AJIsAwesome: it totally is
hai MLP_Brovakiin and Applejack2012 :D
/me hands CCCP a grass block
Hey CCCP hows life treating you?
08,01except he and his cat think the pony thing is strange
08,01i should get him to watch it at some point
hehe
Cats are weird:P
EnderPillow O_o
08,01anyhoos, i'm being told to get naked and get into bed
08,01so i'll bid you all goodnight
Sundaysmile pretty alright, :)
Bronysith: <3 Loving PSO2 so much atm, I'm addicted, level 30 in 8 days :D
Cats are a goverment conspiracy
have fun!
and hi Bronysith :)
cya
hi
hi BronyInstrumental
Dog's have owners, Cats have Employee's, as long as you win the kittens approval you should be good to go
That is one awesome looking pony
cachi01|phone: Cats are the real goverment 0_0
05man
woman
05ive had forgotten how good bloodbound was ^_^
She-man
child
manshe
Haio, everybrony
He-man?
He has the power
/me nods
Hello CountDoofus :) *hugs
HEYYEYAAEYAAAEYAEYAA!
Nostalgia trip Wrek?
wrek. Hammerfall or+
hi CountDoofus :)
good evening
Hai CountDoofus
hi CountDoofus
hehehehe
SirGanjalf: he-man has the power! the power of the gay!!
When in star wars that bald guy shoued I HAVE THE POWER, I lost it
all I could see was he man
YO SOY HE-MAN Y NO SOY MARICOOOOON
hi there CountDoofus :)
dem runes
morning everypony/brony
/me hugz CCCP, cachi01|phone, MLP_Brovakiin, NocturnalBlade and Lil_B <3
o_O
Haio RainbowDash90
Note to self: Must learn runic
does anyone know when someone else will be on? I feel like taking a break.
Goodmorning RainbowDash90
hi RainbowDash90
*is in awe of Wreky*
Hi RainbowDash90 and Accidentaly_Octavia :)
man... 2012 surely ends with a bang for me ... S3 of MLP, OVA 10 of Hellsing Ultimate, WiiU, new PC, new Home :)
Hey!
05ues i can write runes
That's some nice insider detail......
05deal with it
CountDoofus: Hello! :)
hi
how you doing RainbowDash90
SafariMonkey like in 1 or 2 hours i think
RainbowDash90: Hello! :)
/me pulls AJIsAwesome into the hugz
Lil_B: OVA 10?!?!? where!!!
Wrek did you learn it in school too? I did, but forgot it
05yeah
im ok alexxm but have been better
cachi01|phone: hmmm. I have school tomorrow.
Futhark?
What does OVA mean ?
CountDoofus: Thanks. :)
:P
Oldversion anime?
:p
what's this then?
MaxTheBrony Operation vaccum action
xD
In my school we were learning latin - pretty cool too...
/me looks at stream "Yeah... I think I'll stick to tracing."
So basically the runes say "Fuck you I do what I want"
Overly Vexed Aardvark
And the Doctor, *whips on sunglasses* is In.
/me does spiderman dance
what is boodbound?
Dovah later this year, as far as I know
bloodbound is a band
so, wrek stream?
yeah
eeyup
Lil_B: ohmygoshohmygoshomygosh!!!! tell me exactly when as soon as you find out!
ohhhhhhhh
Ponykiin, StallionBorn?
When did you learn to do nordic art xD?
Fus-Roh-Yay!
DoctoDoctorWho: I think all ponies are pony born...
Dragonborn = spike
DoctoDoctorWho: I am bronyborn!
After all this detail into the noseguard and the brow, I dont even
Chickenborn Scootaloo
Molestertrollborn celestia
Now i <3 that helmet
05MaxTheBrony: always been able to
SirGanjalf, ooh, I've wanted to learn latin for a while-
It so awesome style , i gotta learn it :p
such an*
Wrek even when you were like really young?
Well, as kids most scandinavians are exposed to nordic art a lot
so most got some of it in them
Well not exactly
:)
Wrek: LIking the smirk
the only nordic art ive seen in my 16 years of existance is from an history book outside school.
Dovah appearently Hellsing Ultimate OVA﻿ X 2012/12/21 on Sale according to Youtube
We had tons and tons of viking stuff in elementary school
we had none
we had tons of it from age 6-13
plus of course, our local places were filled with viking crap
Wrek painted the mona lisa........ WHEN HE WAS 1 MONTH OLD
Vivix: yeah. Being exposed to a style a lot can help you to really understand the underlying concepts.
carvings on the horn? DO IT
Håkon Jarls cavern- Sverresborg, etc
yeah
is wrek scandinavian?
swedish
OOOO really??
cool.
wondering where those axes went though.....
then he is scandi, I am part scandinavian
So many scandinavians!
Qwertyuiop
yup another scandinavian
poiuytrewq
it awesome !
:)
stream is EPIC!!!!
I am a descent of Finland
wrek is good with details :o
otherwise its just a bunch of non scandinavians on here :3
Asdfghjklñ
Ah no love for the Celtic Gaul
he is amazing with them
Im never gona tell you where im from...
I never really lived in a scandinavian country, but I speak absolutely fluent faroese. :P
:3
Russia?
CCCP Russia
xD
I know you are
05hmm
Wreks attention to detail is why he's one of my favourite artists
05i feel like some electrojazz after this song
CCCP is all the Russias
05then back to more metal
haha
sure
:s
05should work
:P
tradjazz wrek ;___; tradjazz
CCCP is from mother russia i know it!
or FRIJAZZ
Pavrov?
that sudden change of music maybe makes me more awake :)
or is that Electoswing?
Frijazz, where playing guitar with a hammer is allowed
hi
LumosNox: Hi! :)
"To help you remain tranquil in the face of almost certain death, smooth jazz will be deployed, in three, two, one..."
Elevator triips are too short to have a need for music
Oh myyyyy.
hello VikingCanary
Hiya CCCP
the mascot for my school is a viking...
hahahahaha ive never heard of something called technojazz
mentallyeffedguy: Me neither. But I love it!
Wrek maybe The scarecrow after this :3?
well, I'll be going now, bye everyone :)
Bye Lil_B :)
Lil_B: Night! :)
CCCP the mascot for my school was an owl
Bye Lil_B
Goodnight Lil_B
mentallyeffedguy i thought it was called electroswing
In my new school theres no mascot
bye Lil_B
goodnight
is that good
Bye Lil_B
Electrojazz
Bye Lil_B!!!
cachi01|phone im sorry but thats just funny
good bye whoever is leaving!
bye Lil_B
Goodnight tozza3008
/me hugs MaxTheBrony AJIsAwesome|Homework Accidentally_Octavia MLP_Brovakiin tozza3008 CCCP EnderPillow cachi01|phone mentallyeffedguy and SafariMonkey ;)
:D
Night tozza3008
Dancedancedancedance
:)
05MaxTheBrony you bet
05!
i am not leaving:)
!! :D
05avantasia would bep erfect after this
HOLY SHIT THAT PONY IS AMAZING WREK :O
nicee :3
Wrek: Is there any meaning to the inscriptions?
noooooooo chat derped itself!
cachi01|phone: I agree
bye lil
aaaaaaaaaaand im back :)
Hey guys!
hi mentallyeffedguy
wb
WB
hello YourLittleDashie! :) *hugs*
YourLittleDashie: Hi! :)
Hello YourLittleDashie
hate it when chat derps
/me gives YourLittleDashie a grass block
mentallyeffedguy: Me too. :$
Hi YourLittleDashie
Oooh~
hi
OK... so who as school tomorrow...
Hi YourLittleDashie!
YourLittleDashie i do
Hai everypone! :)
hi PinkiePry
EnderPillow: What is a grass block?
Hallo PinkiePry
PinkiePry: Hi! :)
Hello PinkiePry
curse you school! my f
i has school tomarrow...
YourLittleDashie i started school 2 weeks ago lol
UGH The first day of school... Have to get up a 6 AM :|
It's a good thing my classes are done by noon. :)
School is easy this year...
YourLittleDashie: me too...
cachi01|phone: U in college?
how you doing PinkiePry and YourLittleDashie
school : crusher of all childrens dreams
haha I go to school on thursday
:D I remember having to go to school
alexxm: Im goooood
same here YourLittleDashie
same
Alight :)
I'm starting 10th grade
Sophmores FTW
05HOLD OOOOOOOn
05TO THE MOMENT
YourLittleDashie: same
YourLittleDashie nope. Its called 3 de secundaria. Then we go to preparatoria for 3 years and then college
/me hugs Dovah
.....
WREK
tozza3008: We go to the same school, you fool :|
I LOVE YOU. A LOT RIGHT NOW
im in 10th grade my school started last week :(
cachi01|phone: I see...
loving this song
brb
GOLDFIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISH
VikingCanary :D
idk what grade i'm in :/
/me push YourLittleDashie to an arms length "no hugs"
I knoooow thats treason~
BronyInstrumental: How old are you?
Wrek is this an OC? which pony is it?
Hey CCCP!
hello MadSurge :)
EnderPillow: 14
*hugs MadSurge*
Uhm to be honest Wrek, his ears look abit wierd with the line in the middle
im in 9th grade, and teachers are trowing homework at me :[
but I love all the rest
So, My Little Dovahkin?
mentallyeffedguy: homework in school? no waaai man
must glomp Wrek
Im in the same grade as BronyInstrumental then
Bronysith: Good idea!
MadSurge: Dat ping :|
/me boogies down
Dovah: sry :D
School must be worse than a full time career
Good afternoon everpony :)
/me gets down with his bad self
CCCP yes it is
CCCP: depends on a lot of things
/me dances in her seat
DAT
SAX
CCCP: i would much rather be employed than be at school
/me dances while working on his homework
CCCP: at least you get paid for a job :F
twilight_sprinkle i guess
*:D
BronyInstrumental: even if your job was toilet janitor?
^^^
We dont need no education
im still going to use all my school years for good education though
wow my chat derped really bad
LadyCanary: sax is a sexy instrument.
twilight_sprinkle: yeah, cause i get money for toilet janitor, and you don't go over the same stuff over and over again when you're a toilet janitor
CCCP: Yes you do, you just used a double negative!
Facial hair ftw
i'm back. looking good Wrek :)
BronyInstrumental: you kinda do go over the same stuff..
Accidentally_Octavia /)_0
You mean SAXY, MadSurge :I
twilight_sprinkle: stop being facecious
Suddenly beard
LadyCanary: €
CCCP: I feel no regret XD
LadyCanary: :D
BronyInstrumental: *facetious
Accidentally_Octavia :P
twilight_sprinkle: close enough
MURDER ALL THE NEWBS
BronyInstrumental: im just saying, there are some really bad jobs out there. at least you dont die in school
Wrek: make the pony youre drawing have a trønderbart!!
/me is a newb
Bronysith: That's awesome.
BronyInstrumental: jobs like deep sea fishing are dangerous
twilight_sprinkle: that varies actually
twilight_sprinkle: some people die at school
BronyInstrumental: yeah but thats unorthodox
most people die at school
CCCP: most people die in there sleep
BronyInstrumental: with some jobs theres a constant life risk
Raawr how long is this song >: |
CCCP: i nearly died at school today of boredom
Bronysith most people sleep in school
MaxTheBrony: Not long enough!
CCCP: Most people die from falling coconuts
CCCP: 100% people who died drank water
haha
twilight_sprinkle :o
dem obvous facts
hi everypony :)
hoi thelonepony
CCCP: You don't want to be tardy, do you?!
MLP_Brovakiin -.-
twilight_sprinkle: and oxygen, that shit'l kill ya
heya thelonepony
what if oxygen is poisonous, and it takes 80 years to kill us!? :O
MLP_Brovakiin: ikr. thats why i only breath helium
thelonepony: Hi! :)
Hello thelonepony
BronyInstrumental: it is poisonous
mentallyeffedguy same, my classes are each like 1 hour and a half
Oxygen is toxic in high doses BTW
:P
Accidentally_Octavia: it is bad for you
AJIsAwesome|Homework i dont have school right now
but oxygen ages you
Lol we got 2hr classes :p
twilight_sprinkle: I stick to a strict carbon monoxide only diet :P
funny how what keeps you alive eventually kills you
CCCP: I was making a reference. :D
MLP_Brovakiin: ah, also a good choice
chat derp?
Bronysith: lifes a bitch like that huh?
i have 1hr classes with some exceptions that are 2 hours
AJIsAwesome|Homework oh :P
Bronysith yeah....
CCCP: i am a music lover, but my teacher does not let me lisen to music when i work, so i get restless
:) That Caravan Palace. Great choice Wrek. And good afternoon Bronystate!
YOLO *inb4 hate*
Bronysith: That Applejack in the pic of the bronies at DragonCon.....I think I have seen her before.
CCCP: Did you see the newest comic on EQD with Celestia and Twilight?
hoi Klumzeedragon
Klumzeedragon: Hello! :)
AJIsAwesome|Homework oh i havnt :s
chat derped on me and hello Klumzeedragon
twilight_sprinkle: Or sometimes it is no gases at all, I like to use my gills everynow and again
I just remembered why I hate school.
Ohai Klumzeedragon
hey
CCCP: Just look it up on EQD and you'll see. :D
hello Klumzeedragon
AJIsAwesome|Homework okay :D
Klumzeedragon: hey, remember me saying i had alot of homework today?
MLP_Brovakiin: dde, gills filter out oxygen in water! you need to be more careful man
*dude
I can't believe you guys all dislike school
/me boogies down
Bronysith: what pic, chat derped and i missed it
Hi, everypony
hi Fluttershy6194
Every band has at least ONE OR TWO evil woman songs.
Fluttershy6194: Hi! :)
Hello Fluttershy6194
:)
I mean, just look at Dio. o3o
LadyCanary: What about Owl City?
twilight_sprinkle: Hey there~ AJIsAwesome|Homework: Hows it going? :) NocturnalBlade: What's up? EnderPillow: Hello~<3 mentallyeffedguy: Yeah. :P Finished it all?
Back from school
Bronysith DAT ELLEN MCCLAIN PIC.IS SO EPIC :D
Dont care for em, AJIsAwesome|Homework
hgi
hi
Klumzeedragon: yupp, i only used 6 hours -.-
LadyCanary: Ok. I was just joking. :D
Applejack2012: Howdy~ :)
Accidentally_Octavia: high school teachers tend to be underpaid and bitchy in a lot of countries
Klumzeedragon: nothin much, just listen to some awesome music provided by Wrek
I don't really listen to Owl City, even though they're music's nice.
twilight_sprinkle *cough*mexico*cough*
mentallyeffedguy: Ha ha. :D At least it's done eh?
*their*
DANCE!
My little pony brainwashes kids into being good people!
twilight_sprinkle: it has been about 4 years since I was in high school, and university lecturers are usually nicer
/me gets his groove on
05now i jsut gotta fix the air
05ear*
05think ill wait with the beard untill ive colored it
Accidentally_Octavia: not in all countries, but they are usually somewhat nicer
http://derpy.me/51NdH wat
Klumzeedragon: i actually have some french left, but i dont have the paper where it says what we have for homework so i will use that as an exuse :D
HOW DO YOU FIX AIR, Wrek :O
twilight_sprinkle: here in the UK they are
LadyCanary: open a window
NocturnalBlade: I agree. I was going to mute the stream so I could go through about 100 tabs of music I have, but I can't mute the music Wrek plays. It's just too good.
LadyCanary duct tape
Awww yeah
:D
Thank you Wrek !
Klumzeedragon: so true ^_^
WELP! Time to pillage~
mentallyeffedguy: Oh jeez. :D Whatever works I suppose. :P
Klumzeedragon: getting away.....like a BAWS
agreed
mentallyeffedguy: Like a lazy Dashie~ :D
Wrek: you never answered me you know, are you going to post this at equestria daily? i wanna see it when its finished :)
Who are you drawing?
13http://www.dorkly.com/comic/43626/xbox-live-the-truth
Howdy y'all!
Fluttershy6194: hes drawing an OC i think
hi Everlasting_Joy :) hi Shizuka :)
Hello Everlasting_Joy
Howdy CCCP and MLP_Brovakiin!
Klumzeedragon: awesome, cant wait :)
lol Shizuka
Everlasting_Joy: Hello!:)
Shizuka dorkly <3
05mentallyeffedguy: i cant decide if it gets posted on EqD
05but it will be posted on my DA
/me giggles because Shizu <3
I want to see your DA Wrek where do i find it?
Hey AJIsAwesome|Homework!
well find a link
Wrek: awesome, hope it turns out good :P
QuinnThePegaSistta hello
QuinnThePegaSistta, it's Wreky!
so just look for Wreky on DA?
Mmhmm :3
eeyup
kk
nice details on the armour
Wrek: by the way, you deserve a cookie for youre effort :)
QuinnThePegaSistta: Beware the adult images if you have problems witht hat.
thanks guys!!
Hat
cat
mat
Yes. :S cachi01|phone some people have problems with hats.
i can see a hat i can see a cat i can see a man with a baseball bat
nice guitar solo :D
Would you eat them in a box? Would you eat them with a fox?
Wearing a pair of socks?
Polydunami: Yes.
It's been a while since I've read that one.
Hey Wrek, Are you still Streaming from when I saw you 7 hours ago?
I do not like green eggs and ham. I do not like them, Sam-I-Am.
Polydunami I would not eat them in a box I would not eat them with a fox
05Klumzeedragon: nah i took a break in between
eggs worst possibkle thuing
possible thing
the hell is with all this dr suess ass hattery
I would not eat them in the rain I would not eat them on a train
Wrek: Good. You work to hard. :P You deserve a break every now and then.
I'm detecting a lot of boo-hoo in this place :S
I would not eat them on a boat, I would not eat them with a goat!
I do not like green eggs and ham I do not like them Sam I Am
Polydunami: Wut?
Nothing
I would not eat them in a house, I would not eat them with a mouse,
what band is this playing?
AJIsAwesome|Homework: Aw, but I cooked them especially....
Polydunami Y u leave? :D
I would not eat them here or there, I would not eat them anywhere!
/me has never read Dr. Seuss
:S
Vivix: What? :O
... Vivix how is that possible
I will not stand for all this fanon! allow me to retrieve my BASS CANNON!
Europe, that's how
Uhh, I felt out of place at the moment :P
Have I missed any Dr.Who?
Accidentally_Octavia: I'll eat them~
Never had about him in school or on tv or anything-
Vivix *hits you with newspaper* bad
;__;
aww
Vivix: Out of all the possble things that could happen, this is THE. WORST. POSSIBLE. THING!
Klumzeedragon: Hooray! *gives green eggs and ham*
I don't care much about the new episodes right now; I'm still in the first doctor era :$
*possible*
/me weeps
I might read it some day, but- am I too old if I haven
t read it as a child?
*hits Vivix with Ponyville Confidental
damn ' button
*cuddles Vivix sorry* <3
!
Polydunami: Define "first doctor era"?
/me hugs CCCP
Vivix: Nope. You can read it anytime. :)
William Hartnell? Classic episodes?
hugs vivix
/me hugs Applejack2012
Vivix, you watch Friendship is Magic, right?
Ofcourse
Polydunami: :D
yeah I'll pick it up sometime
Vivix: You watch MLP... How can you be too old for Dr. Seuss?
I guess the reason it wasn't big here is because it would have to be translated-
05yay nay?
Dat beard
Wrek: what band is this?
05avantasia
Who dat beard is epic wrek, and good night everybrony :)
Wrek: yay
Dat beard
woah*
Wrek: Yay!
...Love it.
Good night Max!
Bead on ponies, that's a difficult one
Wrek: Yay.
goodnight
Wrek: i hope you never stop making art, they looks o interesting
MaxTheBrony: Night man!
MaxTheBrony: Night! :)
ofcourse my stream stopped loading -
MaxTheBrony: Night!
night MaxTheBrony
:)
Wrek: Awesome!
/me blasted with pornads
Accidentally_Octavia: Wewt! ;) *eats them all*
Vivix: Do you have adblock?
Not at the moment no, don't really mind, but it's funny and weird
/me sips on his tea
That's the reason I don't have adblock either, Vivix; it's funny :D
Ii would drop the beard- just to keep the pony to the maximum, but it looks great. DnD ish
hehe
The ads I get are hilariously bad :D
yeaah, me too. Really cheap and weird ones
05goan get a drink brb
MLP_Brovakiin: How have you been enjoying Heathfire?
Wrek: Some more lemon water?
ponies get beards?
some do-
like that tennis one
but I think it looks weird, even in the show
CCCP: Fancy Pants.
Klumzeedragon: It is brilliant, I have been collecting things and rearanging my crap all day :P
05yes they can grow beards
Well technically Fancy pants has a mustache.
05starswirl is a prime example
05and theres ton of mosutaches
And the Dude.
oh yes ofcourse
Starswirl the viking
it must be hard for ponies to shave!
Fancy Pants? Oh that fancy pants..
Well, we have The Doctor and The Master, why not The Dude be a time lord as well? :D
CCCP: http://fav.me/d3ha4wf
So pissed right now
Can't forget the tennis pony with those fancy chops. :P
Wrek I kinda like it without the paper bg even- looks like DnD manual-
Klumzeedragon why is derpy wearing pants?
Spademagnes[R] *snuggles* why? :(
CCCP: I didn't draw it. :D But theyre tennis shorts.
Wrek - Lol, already know something I'm gonna critique on this xD
I had to go through 4 1 hour classes and I hardley got any shit done today for school
I hearz skyrim...
Klumzeedragon okay :D
Am i hearing skyrim?
Morrowing theme*
stream stopped :(
Spademagnes[R]: Ooof!
for me
I am hearing it through my TV aswell :P
CCCP: Still up for me
It's still working.
CCCP: What MarePlayUK said.
k
YEP ITS THE MORROWING THEME =D
Curses! I must (Rainbow) dash, can't wait to see the finished image
bye!
bye Accidentally_Octavia
Take care Accidentally_Octavia!
See you Accidentally_Octavia!
bye
Accidentally_Octavia: Bye! :)
Accidentally_Octavia that pun
(and no, I don't feel bad about the Rainbow Dash pun :P )
Oooooh!
Goodbye Accidentally_Octavia
At least I can blow off steam with my Megaman Starforce
MLP_Brovakiin: Ha ha! Thats good to hear. :) Make it the biggest it can get!
*feel badly
i just thought of a something brilliant
This first day of school sucks...
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/1895/
i am upset and lonely:(
/me hugs tozza3008 :3
Klumzeedragon: I already have, and I now have child :P
AJIsAwesome|Homework: Why yesi did, im gonna change my caps lock key and make it say "Royal Canterlot Voice"
/me hugs tozza3008 :3
:)
MLP_Brovakiin: Really? :D That didn't last too long then? But how are the kids? :D
I have yet to beat my copy of Xenosaga Episode Two
Hey everypony
hi Masdragonflare
I'm busy drawing myself atm
:)
/me hugs tozza3008
Hello Masdragonflare
not as good as Wrek ofcourse :p
Who dares bring the word Xenosaga into here
Masdragonflare: Hi! :)
hi MasdragonFlare
hi
Whats wrong with that?
i shall glomp them
What if Wrek becomes like the most famous pony artist?
ok guys, i have too go now the clock is 11 pm here so good night everyone!
Well, he'll still be Wrek :)
CCCP: Who says he isn't already? :D
mentallyeffedguy: Night! :)
Good night, mentallyeffedguy!
mentallyeffedguy: Good night man! :)
Natta mentallyeffedguy
Klumzeedragon well he is the best, but not sure about most famous
Klumzeedragon: Haha they are fine you just go the orphanige and choose one or 2, depending on how many bedrooms you have :D
CCCP: Wht Polydunami said, only I'll add "he'll HOPEFULLY still be Wre-k."
But I've drawn Derpy, Pinkie Pie, Octavia, Vinyl
so far
Octavia is my favourite bg pony :D
*:3
Then wrek will be a billionaire ;)
CCCP: Weeeeeell. Fine. :P
I don't know who is my favourite pony artist
Sovngarde
Klumzeedragon :P
MLP_Brovakiin: So they arent really annoying?
probably soome of ECMajors style- and...that other guy..who draws hooves really fancy like..and stuff
/me is clueless
05this song <3
This song is awesome
IF only the stream workeed ;~;!!! :(
/me is bored
Klumzeedragon: They do ask for allowences and other things, but you can have the speech option to be a horrible parent :D
Wrek: Who is it? :O
I want to be the worst dad in skyrim =D
._.
cachi01|phone: :D
what program is this?
Paint tool SAI
MLP_Brovakiin: :D I would totally just build the house and adopt kids and never return home. :P Let the bears have it afterwords.
Dusty: Painttool SAI
/me Tells Klumzeedragon a secret
I question if I should get rid of my copy of Shadow the Hedgehog
Klumzeedragon: haha :P
I will find, i've beeen looking on starting pony art
Masdragonflare: 6_9 Huh?
Spademagnes[R] burn it..... BURN IT WITH WATER
*hugs MadSurge*
Klumzeedragon: go back 6 months later and find a mummified corpse :D
Masdragonflare: Is that so?
yup
and it looks great :)
CCCP: *hugs back*
MadSurge: Yeah right? :D Loot them 6 months later.
I always get this uneasy felling that my internet has failed or that I said somthing wrong if I had the last word °-°
feeling*
feh
adopt children then START KILLING THEM MWAAHAHAHHHAHAHAHHA
Wait what are you guys talkiong abot? A game?
Vivix skyrim hearthfire dlc
I hate invincable npc's
Ooh
I thouht he ACTUALLY adopted kids
MLP_Brovakiin: I get bored of joing sometimes in the game. :P So I usually set out on long adventures and only sleep in beds outsidde.
i get the feeling you all are actually just one person that can type REALLY fast and came up with different personaities
Lol nope
I was so confused
are we talking about killing children?
Masdragonflare: /me pokes
/me pokes back Klumzeedragon
/me pokes Masdragonflare. :P
Buytoast for science!
forget science
cachi01|phone: :D
kids are annoying
you win this round Klumzeedragon :o
Oh my gooood those BOOOOOOOOTS.
@_@
Klumzeedragon: I usually don't like being a dick even in games, but that kind of game makes it funny to be a dick :D
Wreky y u so good at arts
I try to always do the good options
Guys is it ok that I scan my drawing later this week and show it to you?
MadSurge: Ever play GTA (any version)?
VikingCanary im not sure if their boots they dont cover the hoof
I really hate being the bad guy
^
Everlasting_Joy: no, only Infamous
Klumzeedragon: Just build a new house and don't tell anyone about it :D
Masdragonflare: Wewt! I am victorious!
Whoops ^^"
:p
GTA= Kill ALL the hookers!
cachi01|phone: Darn toot'n!
looks like the thing you put on jumping horses
Spranghester
to protect their legs-
I mean hell I felt like a dick when I tried to do the path blowing up Megaton
spademagnes really? I loled so fucking hard when i blew up megaton
Anyone have the ability to read logs? if so can you find the first thing that was ever said here?
I didnt even knew what i was doing.lol
MadSurge: Same. :D But I love being a dick in Mass Effect especially. The choices are so dramatic. 'Click politely decline his offer' Shepard: No! FUCK YOU.
yees
CCCP: you had to have been present during that day
I'll be evil if its amusing
I thought I picked an okay response in Mass Effect one once, and she just went on an angry rampage
Caramel oh darnit :s
was so confused
oh hi there Caramel
any of you present the first day of Bronystate?
hello bronysith
I have no idea who founded this place
hi
Vivix a.mod thts.no longer with us
Klumzeedragon: well, thanks to Microsoft I never played Mass Effect :(
Vivix HipsterBrony i think?
Ooh-
I still dont understand the horse surrounded by corpses in Mothership Zeta
cachi01: eenope
vivix: It's on the history page.
we used to be on a different client
/me is lazy and in client
/me clicks anyway
Hello Caramel!
Dari was the first to speak in this particular room, because he helped us migrate to the ponychat network
I have returned for a while :D
Caramel what about the TLotR trilogy goodbye?
hi Pearly
DCD and Hipster Brony made the BMN-
Spademagnes[R]: Toy horse is evil robot. Haven't you seen its eyes light up red?
aah
cachi: that was on a different network
MadSurge: Aw... Someday perhaps. :)
how are things Pearly
Oh
Caramel kewl :3
13let me guess
13you started on esper
I came here in winter under the first FiM chats
Pealy: Howdy. :)
Things are good alexxm thanks for askin' how ar you darlin?
i'm good Pearly
God I hate Deathclaws
/me hugs alexxm
/me hugs Pearly back
How do i read logs? I wanna see what i first typed in here :)
wat
11,02Hai everypony ^-^
cachi: you don't
/me hugs alexxm again
Moo
Hey SuperBrony64!
Haio SuperBrony64
I think I'm only... two weeks old on Bronystate. :P
sup SuperBrony64
Hi SB64 :)
11,02cachi01|phone: How far back? :)
if you weren't here for it, your machine wont have the logs
hi SuperBrony64
I want to see the logs too
how've you been SuperBrony64
hi
Klumzeedragon: a powerful enough PC perharps. But seeing how the saga ended thanks to EA meddling, I wouldn't count on it :(
Howdy SuperBrony64!
It's been over eight months for me, now.
SuperBrony64 like 4 months
Heya there SuperBrony64, how is the rainbow bread? :P
Hello SuperBrony64! :$
Dat SB64
11,02Klumzeedragon: It's awesome :3
11,02Dat VikingCanary O.O
I think I been here since start of this year
13http://i.imgur.com/zfq2O.jpg
11,02i liek cookies O.o
NO WAI
COOKIES?!
Oh you Shizuka :D
Dat evanescence?
MadSurge: I hear they added DLC that fixed the ending. :D
This is Evanescence right?
"fixed"
Klumzeedragon: and it still angers the fans because it fixes almost nothing
Hi.
Erm, that doesn't sound like Amy Lee.
To this day I still find Xenosaga Episode Three's super boss to be bullshit
SuperBrony64: Awesome. :D I'm so jealous of your bread. Did you just make it with food colouring or with flavours?
CK sounds almost the same
*hugs SuperBrony64* hello
No, it really doesn't.
I'm glad that instead Infamous is relatively short but the ending is great :)
It sounds a bit more like....oof, I can never spell her last name.
MadSurge: Really? I sold it as soon as I beat it. So I didn't wait for the DLC.
MadSurge eeyup
The lead from Within Temptation.
/me hugs CCCP back 'Hai :D'
:D
Sharon Den Adel?
But I'm pretty sure it's not her either.
cachi01|phone: played Infamous too? :$
That sounds right.
11,02Klumzeedragon: Food coloring :) But I had to separate each part of it and add food coloring.
MadSurge i almost had platinum trophy :)
11,02It took me about an hour to just add the food coloring to all the pieces.
Wow. I logged out of PSO2, but I'm still lagged. I think the problem is with Flash.
cachi01|phone: Infamous 2 is great too :D
This is a lonely song :(
SuperBrony64: Sounds tedious. Didja take a picture of it before you inhaled it? :P
MadSurge i havent played Infamous 2 :(
11,02Klumzeedragon: Of the bread?
7Evening.
But yeah, not Amy Lee. Tsk tsk, tricking me into thinking I was missing Evanescence while making a test for my students. ._. Good song, but still, bah-ram-yew.
11,02I'll PM it to you.
SuperBrony64: Yeah. :D I'd like to see it if you got a picture. :)
Wrek must have an amazing art program what is it called?
SuperBrony64: I saw that on twitter, it looked awesome goodjob!
How is you? 8)
Oh my, that drum set is really taking it.
11,02MLP_Brovakiin: Thanks :)
CCCP Paint tool SAI
I smell a Drawfiend feature coming up with this one. Though I wonder why Pirate Rarity wasn't.
cachi01|phone ty
Trouble with screamo is that you don't get to hear their surprisingly good voices :S
CountDoofus cus Seth likes Trixie more
CountDoofus: Mebe one of the admins there is scared of pirates.
Yar har
Seth loves Trixie
cachi01|phone: :O you should! The characters are much better :D
oi SuperBrony64 y u no reply in skype
SuperBrony64: :O That came out even better than I was imagining.
Applejack2012: yeah, like nobody already noticed that :D
Oh yeah, the presidential election is coming up.
lol that can't go unnoticed MadSurge
Polydunami: it is? ha i didnt even know
Applejack2012: exactly :D
Yeah, I don't really pay much attention to it, either :3
11,02Klumzeedragon: ikr, I felt the same way ><
Polydunami is Canadianese :D
/me glomps SuperBrony64
Holy crap. Zombie Rainbow Dash in latest EQD Drawfiend :o
IKR
/me hugs Bronysith back :D
that pic made me.jump lol
11,02twilight_sprinkle: Reply what? o.o
But its awesome
*usues SuperBrony64 as a pillow and bed at the same time snuggling
hey guys i think youtube just spread the comments
Drawfiend? :o
like spaced out
It's a fiend that draws.
SuperBrony64: I'll have to try making it the next time we make bread here.
SuperBrony64: didnt you get my message yesterday asking you if you wher ethere?O.o well anyway you forgot to allow that google docs to be modified by me :P
Guys, little question. If I were to start a NSFW Tumblr (no gore or 34 or anything, just language and maybe some violence), would anyone follow me?
05so far so good!
My mom wants to take me with a phsycologist :/
05the armor turned out ebtter than i had hoped
/me nods
05same with the pracer
SuperBrony64: also i took a photo of that fluttershy card. doesnt look very green on photo, but its the best i could do. can accept it in skype in a bit?
05bracer*
05could have done the leg poses better
05all in all
05really happy about this iamge
11,02twilight_sprinkle: Sure :D
Wrek It looks so awesome
cachi01|phone: Jeez, why can't she just accept you as who you are :/ no offence or anything :(
05adn the music fits well too ^_^
You'd need to restrict your audience, CountDoofus; if it's NSFW, it's probably not acceptable for children to read the tumblr.
By Celestia's Beard:O
MLP_Brovakiin she is taking.me there because i dont pay much attention in class lol
>w<
Good lord.
Even so, give it a shot.
She accepts me but she thinks its kinda gay and weird
Dat G5 pony.
Wrek: I can't wait to feature this bad boy :D.
(not a typo, that's so incredibly detailed it gets to skip a gen >_>)
05fun fact
05all the runes spell actual words
Polydunami: Cheers. I've got some stuff in the works atm though, so it'll be a while. <3 though!
cachi01|phone: Oh crap sorry, you where talking about your mum calling you gay earlier :$
Wrek: wut do they say?
05for isntance the belt buckle on his chest says Strength adn Courage
I just assumed
MLP yeah i know lol
....Goddammit Wrek thats FUCKING AWESOME
Well, everything has its time and purpose, CountDoofus.
Hi bronies/ponies! :)
Wrek: and your swedish rune speak.
Hello Pikachu :)
Hey there, Talking Pikachu!
hi Pikachu
cachi01|phone: Oh, because of that. Doing this because of ponies woulb be a tad overkill
Pikachu: How's it goin~
how are things Pikachu
That really looks fantastic, Wrek. Like, wow.
Hi Pikachu =D
hey
Everything is fine :3
SirGanjalf indeed
Good drawing werk
Bye everypony going to useless phsycologist date :)
cachi01|phone: bye
I'll be back in an hour
Take care and good luck cachi01|phone!
05well im done
cachi01|phone: Fun Fact: My geography techer sent me to psychologist once(Because of bad marks, not ponies)
05gona let Caramel take over
See you, cachi01
Bye cachi01|phone: Don't let them brainwash them
05hop you enjoyed!
05i sure did!
Thanks for the artwork, Wreky!
Thank you Wrek!!!!!
<3
Wrek: You still sticking around?
Wrek: we did. thx for the stream
and thats my cue to leave, cya;)
thank you werk!
Thanks for the awesome stream, Wrek
See you, DoctoDoctorWho
05Everlasting_Joy: sot some thigns to take care of but ill be reachable on skype
Yeah, I did. And that's some great art. Goodness. XD
oh and bye Cach- and he's gone:(
youp my cue too. good night guys
Goodbye DoctoDoctorWho
Bye DoctoDoctorWho
thanks for the stream Wrek awesome music and drawings as always
bye DoctoDoctorWho
PONIES
Wrek: All right :).
nite Eli
lol
it looks good
tyvm for stream Wrek
Mike streamed while I was asleep :c
^
Caramel: You streaming more of your game?
indeed
*games
Caramel: :D
we'll be finishing the last mission
Thanks got streaming Wrek! :)
dammit
for*
how many bronies does it take to change a lightbulb?
1
i missed it :(
CCCP: All of us
tumblr*
CCCP: ture very ture
CCCP: i'd have said at least 20 but yeah..
MLP_Brovakiin :p
Eli :D
How am I ever gunna guest commentate?
MLP_Brovakiin: Because we do everything in togetherness~? :P
Klumzeedragon: Damn right :D
hai everyone ^_^
Well....................time for agimp drawing bronystate! :)
Maybe a more correct way to say it is, "Everything has a time and PLACE." :$
Hey OneTrickPony!
Haio OneTrickPony
hi OneTrickPony
Hello OneTrickPony
i still dont understand why people consider Pop a genre, because just because somthing is popular doesnt mean its in the same genre
Is that THE OneTrickPony?
Hi OneTrickPony
by getting the grey man to rape him
hello OneTrickPony
Hey there, OneTrickPony.
CCCP: youp. it isn't
so many dings
and den thar was no stream..
over the summer so many ponies didnt come here as often
Ohai OneTrickPony!
Eli but Pop is considered a genre
Guilty.
CCCP: really? that's BS... pop isn't a genre
Aww, I thought I was going to win Ace Attorney, this time :S
Eli at least according to the internet
XD
CCCP: yeah, what does the internet know :P
Pop = Popular music.
^
Eli many things
http://musicgenreslist.com/ pop is a genre
CCCP: it's still not always correct
gimp shut off bronystate :(
Define "pop"
Oops
Polydunami: More like this, Poop=popular music :P
I should really get to doing let's plays too
Oh hey, it's a Caramel!
suddenly Caramel
oooh Caramel stream
Klumzeedragon really? ithought there were like 50
Suddenly Robots
Hello Caramel! :D
Suddenly Caramel
Caramel Stream!!
YAY, MORE ROBOTS
yay
Alchemist: it's not an actual genre as it is a mash up of songs that gained popularity
Caramel been here all the time
CCCP: Fine... I didn't want to state the truth. :'(
I can't decide if I wanna do earthbound or spyro first
Klumzeedragon :C
alrighty ...........o carmel stream hi caramel!
oooooo leeeets geeet reeeady fooor ROOOOOBOOOOT RUMMMMBLLLLLE
whats data install?
do your favorite game last
Eli: so it is a collection of songs that fit a parameter. What is a genre again?
CCCP: But I listen to my iPod or the Jazz station if my iPods being stupid. :P
Game is too none english
Alchemist: That site says that 'Anime' is a music genre...
Suddenly sea pony Lyra.
So?
Klumzeedragon i see :D
Alchemist: not quite the same. normal genres differ in instruments and style
So earthbound last, got it
oh hai Lyra
Anime is a genre? Lies :|
Eli: ehh, I cant differentiate between trance and house anyways
what genre has the sounds of exploding trucks?
Alchemist: And comedy too... I think they expand the 'music genre' term waaay to much.
i would do lets plays, but you've seen how bad the quality is :P
Eli: there are just as many genres nowdays as there are songs
Alchemist: me neither:P i think trance is softer. entrancing if you want
Alchemist: trance is usually softer and ambient, house is harder and you can dance to it
One sec
CCCP: indie IS a genre
oh robot wars
RoboGerbil: is there some way to determine a bit specifically than how it feels like? something more objective?
Eli i dont think that makes sense though
CCCP: why?
Disney genre, really?
Ugh..........not again
Alchemist: erm.. its like hard rock vs soft rock.. some bands do both
because many indie bands can have different styles and use different genres Eli, there is no Indie style
All right Carame-l sock it to them!
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/7748/ <3
Polydunami so cute :)
Polydunami: D'awww
Polydunami: If only in real life. . .
Polydunami: I wish I was that guy :'(
^
pinkie hugs a shota
I want to be hugged...
By Celestia :D
Alright time for a surpriseing brony for a alicorn on my Bronystate project!
Come to me, Vinyl!
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/7539/
So who wants to be a alicorn?
Polydunami: it's really cute... but i don't like the idea of HIE
Alchemist: well one thing for sure is trance does not have singing
Pikachu: I do
what does curse of geass do
Well, it's not a BAD thing... just easily mishandled :S
i wish i was hd a pet derpy and she was chubby
RoboGerbil: okay, I will have to settle for that :D
OneTrickPony: alrighty then whats will ur cutie mark be?
CCCP: why chubby?
Polydunami: i have yet to see a good HIE story...
NocturnalBlade: because he wants to slaughter it and eat it
Polydunami: D'aaaaaw. That Derp Face~<3
NocturnalBlade so i can hug her when im cold
Because the idea of HIE is constantly misused :|
HIE?
CCCP: awwww Alchemist :(
Humans in Equestria
ahh
thanks :)
humans in equestria
woops
Did the stream die? :D
OneTrickPony: not to be mad at me...whats OC?
original caracter
Original Character! :D
original content?
hmm
it's just a char you came up with yourself
thought it was content
Original Character, created by you
ohs
depends on the context Alchemist
Hey everypony.
if you're lame it's an alicorn :P
Thx everyone!
hi Obsidian
Hey Obsidian!
hi Obsidian
13ogg lock
hiya Obsidian
and hi Obsidian
HIE?
Lib vorbis
Vivix: yeah, I saw it being used in a couple of situations
Howdy Obsidian!
What does HIE stand for?
Human in Equestria
Oooh. I see.
13aka author insertion
I generally don't read it, because I don't want humans in my equestria
but some are claiemd to be great
13aka NEEEEEEEEEERDS
I'm pretty good at talking to myself c:
Turnabout Storm
Zooooolovers
me too haha, whenever i play games i talk to myself as though im doing a commentary
.3.
Kandarihu: usually used in fanfics... and usually used reallly badly... like to have the author have a ship with one of the mane
o hai LadyCanary
13canary canary~<3
OH FUCK OH FUCK OH FUL
It is usually pretty bad, like a crusade against Celestia and such
Hello LadyCanary
but some are probably good
Shizu Shizu ;3
Okay, that's a pitfall in and of itself, Eli xP
huh...sorry about that
seems my internet died for a bit there
Hi guys
Hey there, SpadeMagnes[R]!
/me 13sticks a cookie in canary's mouth~
Caramel: It happens.
Hello SpadeMagnes[R]
I am done with school today...finally
Polydunami: it's why i ALWAYS turn of "human" tag on fimfic
Also I may have gotten my parents to consider getting me a 3DS XL
SpadeMagnes[R]: Good luck
I always go by ratings whenever I want to read a good fic
Not positive on that...
Or manga
Haha x3
I ignore ratings and read synopsis-
sometimes if a fic is controversial it will have tons of negative ratings despite not being bad
thumbing content rather than quality
Brb I hungry
hi
I read anything really
k
Polydunami: not me. i like to find something good by myself. (not hipster)
me too haha
The hell is going on?
i have to eat bye! ill be back for sure! :)
Mmm. Sparkling Cider. 6_9
Take care Pikachu!
See you, Pikachu
bye Pikachu
nye
Alchemist, yeah- so sometimes the rating system is just too broken to trust
see ya Pikachu
Dammit! I can't look at the moon anymore without going "Hey, Luna."
tag and describe your stories well, beacuse sometimes that's all you have to go by to find a fic
Just finished drawing Rainbow Dash
:)
That spider scared me
Masdragonflare: Share? :P
/me has arachnophobia
It blocked?
Klumzeedragon, I was going to in this week
But I'm still working on it ^^
Masdragonflare: Ah. :) Alrighty.
Im scared of spiders think I'm gonna cry because this was so scary
together with Pinkie pie Derpy Vinyl and Octavia for the moment
Applejack2012: was it a good serious story?
(」・ω・)」
do you even lift phaggot. wtf does that mean?
But I need to add another vew ponies
/me hugs CCCP :3
I can't remember Eli
I haven't drawn anything pony related yet. Except for my OC but I havent even uploaded it yet. :D
Im gonna go now see ya guys later :3
I havent written any HiE since winter
Bye OneTrickPony
bye OneTrickPony
bye
OneTrickPony: See ya man. :)
Later OneTrickPony!
THE CHOCOLATE MILK EXPIRED AGAIN
Goodbye OneTrickPony
Mlp_Brovakin I'm scared!!!
DAMMIT GREY MAN
bye OneTrickPony
He's gone!
Take care OneTrickPony!
Hmm, maybe you should write very good fanfiction that isn't humans in Equestria.
Kill me! Help me!
bye OneTrickPony
That wasn't THE OneTrickPony, was it?
Well, which do you want, CCCP? :S
Well, I seem to have returned in time for HOTBLOODED MANLY ACTION.
My mom always buys chocolate milk that's about to expire and I never finish it
Hey guys im typing everybody's youtube channel names on my notepad and i got alot in it
/me solves CCCP's spider problem :P
What do you mean, THE OneTrickPony? :S
I need this game.
haha fail
I'm gonna go for now
Sleep tight guys
Polydunuami spiders to leave me alone!
<3
Later Masdragonflare
Night night Masdragonflare!
sleep well Masdragonflare
Moopy: What are you doing now?
Me
i <3 chocolate milk
Caramel: That Heavy Arms. :)
What console is the 3Ds on par with in terms of power?
Oh my god I'm feeling my old craving for giant robots returning.
13SpadeMagnes[R]: a toaster
Never mind. I was thinking of the song. Thought it was a person.
<.<
This game...is beautiful.
Ugh I can't stop thinking about spiders literally! :(
Well, do something about the fear.
Me too c:
spiders are cute
cant stand spiders
It's not spiders for me, but bees.
Why the FUCK can't I have this game in English?
spiders are freaks of nature and should be exterminated
I love spiders!
i don't like insects in general, but i'm not afraid of any of them...
Alchemist -_(\
Spiders eat the more annoying bugs
i'll be back in a little while guys going outside to ride my bike with my om
The fuck?
thx Caramel
That was a spider.
wat
wat the...
Thanks, Val.
<3
Everlasting_Joy... :( thats not helping? :'(
i found it funny :p
I don't recognize that one, but it has A DRILL.
Goodbye Moopy
bye
TAKE THAT ROBOT DINOSAUR THING
I don't even know what they're saying but I can feel my entire soul burning from the sheer hotblooded manliness.
What is it with final bosses and their flashy attacks that barely do a dent
sht... i should go to bed for reall now! you drive me to insomnia...
Is that thing riding a dragon
Was that a giant double-ended axe?
night guys
Why can't I have this game?!
Night night Eli!
nite Eli
Night Eli
Welcome to Bronystate, Eli 8D
Night Eli
How do you destroy that shield?
Reikim: i would love this game in English
the enemy has been measured and weighed
I would assume take out all the mooks
CELESTIA BOT JUDGES THEE
(As the Cole Train) "Ha! You missed! You need glasses!"
TO THE MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
FUCK YEEEAAAAH
YEAH
AQUARION
Night Eli
INFINITY GODDAMN PUNCH
TO THE MOON :D
EAT MOON YOU DINOSAUR BASTARD
I have no idea whats happening on the screen....
night
so thats how luna was sent to the moon
WOW!!!!!! :D
Good night, Applejack2012
Alchemist: awesome is happening :D
And that's what we like to call space junk.
Why do I feel like I was right on the fact all the mooks have to die to kill the final boss?
Night Applejack2012!
FUCK YEAH
THAT'S THE LANCELOT
SpadeMagnes[R]: probably D:
Suzaku!
Suzaku y u so useless?
it lives
\
Missed~
Still, the music
THE MUSIC
Came back with some lasagna. I see super epic mega ultra robot battle is on, right?
GO KALLEN
boobies
AJIsAwesome: yep
See
See this is the sad part of Code Geass.
Boom!
SpadeMagnes[R]: Excellent game(s) right there.
If you got Kallen, and Suzaku, to fight TOGETHER. Think of the sheer BADASS>
ok thats a werid meck
The fuck was that :D
Veran is fucking pathetic with the double damage ring
Oh you poor kid
Caramel: How fast do you level up in this game?
not very
this is like, my 7th play through
Ok.
and I still don't have hardmode unlocked
So much Code Geass today.
Caramel what was that werid mech you used a couple of attacks ago called
Your beam is too slow for Jeremiah Motherfucking Gottwald's LOYALTY!
Man I have to wait 2-3 weeks before I can play Mists of Pandaria
Caramel: it's very much like the Binding of Isaac that way :D
Why have I not watched all these series
Holy crap that mech is huge!
Explode, BITCH.
I'm just waiting for Gurren Lagann to roll into action. This fanboying you see? Merely a warmup.
Awww, no Boss Borot though :(
'SUP
Ahaha the Dayakkaiser what are you doing here
Hey WindWhistler!
Just how many fucking mechs are there
Hey WindWhistler! :)
that big o?
Really? Is that Bif O I spy? :D
how you doing WindWhistler
Big*
ooooo hell yea!!!
hi WindWhistler
I'M DOING FINE
SpadeMagnes[R]: final boss, he brought an army
hi
Roger?
ALL CAPS TODAY
We have a hulk
Big O!
WindWhistler: no, not all caps today
Beat the grease out of him!
No need for flashy attacks here. We got fists that are huge.
Caramel: Awww. D:
SHOOOOWTIIIIME!
/me puts Caramel in a full nelson
Good ol' fisticuffs
SpadeMagnes[R]: You control over 100+, I think.
Only one has Canterlot Voice
Bronysith: who do you think I am, Raditz?
AJIsAwesome: 102 to be correct
Caramel: yes
Really, no need for Canterlot today.
These mecha pilots have used up the Canterlot quota for the day.
Bronysith: Now that's just insulting, calling him Radditz.
*Raditz.
Everlasting_Joy: would you rather me call him yamcha?
Did you watch all the anime these robots come from Caramel?
Loran? Rolan?
I don't know who this Yamcha is, but he sounds disappointing
Bronysith: . . .Touche.
Caramel: :D
They are continuing into reserve allcaps stocks, and soon they will be running off of raw hotblood.
Everlasting_Joy: how are you aniki?
Hey there
Reikim: and my other aniki
Getter Robo says HI.
GO NAGAO
*NAGAI
I felt SO bad for Yamcha. I wanted to end up being Top Dog at the end of the series. :D
the akuma of robots
Eldritch abomination from outer space? FUCK THAT I HAVE SPIRIT.
Caramel: Still not hard mode? D: how close are you?
39/51 SR points
Bronysith: I'm messed up. This week has started on Tuesday, I think it's Wednesday, it feels like Monday, and I'm waiting for it to be Thursday (homework due).
Setsuko?
Everlasting_Joy: wow
Ahaha
I forgot how much I missed this genre.
/me feels full of LIFE again
Caramel: So about... 12 more maps?
if I get an SR point in each, yes
Bronysith: Yep.
I don't know most of these mecha shows at all :S
Caramel: Go go! COMPLETE THIS GAAAAAMEEE!
Everlasting_Joy: i still havent gotten used to the fact that my univ started in august, i kept thinking it was spetember and i thought i missed canterlot gardens :P
twilight_sprinkle: Are you a freshman?
SEND IN THE GANMEN
Is that pronounced "Aoda"?
YESSSS
Oh dang it
HAPPILY EVER AFTER
YOKO FUCK THEM UP
YOKO!
Why are we still watching this
Reikim: hell yea she does
ShadowQuill: Why are you still watching this you mean?
ShadowQuill: Because I delight in your misery
Everlasting_Joy: sorta kinda idk. i started last year from august so i guess its still my first year technically altho its my 2nd
ShadowQuill: Because it's awesome, that's why.
And now Kittan
^
PLEASE DO NOT ACCIDENTALLY SAY YOLO INSTEAD OF YOKO
damn it
Reikim: aniki y u no talk back to me?
YOLOYOLOYOLO
Bronysith: I'm too busy fangasming~
whos yolo anyway
Kittan HAD THE MOST EPIC DEATH
Hey Kittan
ohai everypony :)
WELLP. FIM is nominated for a... "Tubey Award" or something :S
hoi Michael
hi Michael
Hey there Michael!
I mean we were watching it yesterday, me be curious
HEY KITTAN YOU GONNA TAKE THAT?
how are things Michael
hi Michael
ShadowQuill: Why? It means You Obviously Love Octavia.
Polydunami: yay..tubeys..
Hey Michael
And now
AND NOW
Oh no!
AJIsAwesome: lol
YEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAH
Caramel: Got the character with the awesome BGM music you loved? :D
twilight_sprinkle: Fair enough. Eventually, you get use to the idea of school starting in August, albiet the idea of school starting up still sneaks up on you.
Hello Micheal
You Obviously Love Owls, too.
13ded
Reikim: PIERCE THE HEAVENS....
TIME FOR GURREN LANGAN
13awwwwww
13they patched mannworks
Yeah
vordox: saving him for last
13"Added nobuild to stairs on center building where Engineers could build out of reach of Sentry Busters"
rider kick
Shizuka: How?
Spiders :(
/me hugs twilight_sprinkle thelonepony alexxm Obsidian MLP_Brovakiin
TAKE IT, DINOSAUR BITCH
alexxm: good, you?
13they patched that perfect stair position
i'm good Micheal
Shizuka: Aaand that's bad? How?
hi
And Sora Iro Days is STILL PLAYING.
are you bitches ready?
13because it was a perfect spot to put a sentry
I don't think you are
Vordox: Have you played MvM?
Caramel: Hehe, let's see if I remember which it was :D
no one can be ready
Reikim: stop complaining
Everlasting_Joy: Completed it
NO ONE CAN BE PREPARED
Caramel: MY BODY WILL NEVER BE READY. BRING IT ON.
ganleon time?
Bronysith: I'm not complaining, bro.
/me hugs NocturnalBlade Polydunami
FOR THE AWESOME MIGHT OF GANLEOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON
Bring it
Vordox: Fair enough.
Reikim: i know, THIS SONG ROCKS MY ASS
lmao
I just got some VHS tapes. My mom's friend had a bunch C8
LISTEN AND BEHOLD
dat music
For pwnage!
AWESOME MUSIC/ANIMATION
YES I KNEW IT
and i have seen kittan?
XD
Excuse me while I EARGASM
The Custom hero for this SWR
So that's... is it Mail and Rand? I dunno :S
So yeah
HE THREW A WRENCH
I love that move.
hello
AND EXPLODED THINGS
FUCKING YEAH.
ohai derp_dero
And again
*derp_derp
derp_derp: Hello! :)
NUNHACKU TIME
This music
Hey yeah, I just found a new series to watch.
DIS MUSIC
And then robots exploded
this game needs kamina :(
I don't know most of these animes; trying to get their names from what I know of the Japanese language :$
He is SLAUGHTERING
DOES HE GET ANOTHER MOVE?
I'm cold...
That is, the characters' names
DO IT Caramel MURDER ALL THEM
Reikim: He's powering up :D
NICE GODDAMN TRY DINOSAUR
Vordox: FUCK YEAH
and that children, is why you dont give your SCVs steroids
OH FECK YEAH
Dark_Horst: lol
CHAINSAW
Good lord! This mech has everything.
CHAINSAW DASH
AND HE'S STILL GOING
POWER TOOLS BITCHES! DON'T PLAY WITH THEM!
wow, dat was pretty cool
AGAIN
ENCORE
13they patched the stairs on mannworks
TWO MORE TIMES!
Finish him
Awwww
UBER MOVE TIME!
13i assume you can still jump up there, but you can't build on them anymore :<
FINISHING MOVE
oh boy, more gundam
oh shite
HOOOMERUUUUN!
OH FECK
MEGATON WRENCH DROP
XD
THIS BTICH BE DEAD, I THINK
DED
ded
Overkill!!
WOW.....................:O
Like a Baus
overkill? what do you mean, overkill?
/me hugs CCCP to warm him
Overkill 9000!
AGAIN!
Is Ganleon OG?
Still going
Because if so he is BEST OG
yeah, he's an original
Holy crap
Oh my god he continues
HE HAS MORE MOVES THEN FRICKING JESUS
This bastard needs an anime
STAT
NOW
ASAP
Reikim XD
Oops :D
OH ECK
OH MY GOD
EVOLUTION MECHA?!
I THINK
THE BADASS JUST GOT SENT
omg
"I had to edit out like 50 minutes of me dying." Is always good to see in a video description XD
YOU DONE GOOFED UP ENEMY
He going beast mode
OVER NINE THOUSAND
oh man, he is pissed
AND THEN SOME
Caramel: You have the biggest grin, arenät you? XD
and then it was a digimon scv on steroids
DED
This music is DAMN nice.
and that, wasn't even his most powerful move
21?!
enemy just got a fatality
Caramel: ...
Caramel: ...No. No way.
Caramel: What?! :D
You are kidding...
he's got one more :P
That's a fatality on top of a fatality!
but I'm saving it for later
keep going :D
Caramel: awwww
Enemy time
So Gunleon just mauled his way through EVERYTHING.
Caramel: 6 minutes of song and total pwnage..
NOt bad
lol mazinger z!
Blah blah blah plot GIVE US ROBOTS
Reikim: Ikr :D
lmao dat is the final boss i think
oh man akuma's back
OVERRIDED BITCH
Jeffrey? Geoffrey?
Gotta love how this guy just TAKES an Eldritch attack because HE'S A BRO.
STORY IN A FIGHT!?
oh look, sauron
PFFFTTTT
2500damage, and he was defending (50% less damage)
"Only a flesh wound."
Oh
DATVOICE
I KNEW HIM!
It's Franky from One PIece!
Would you be enough of a BRO to take an attack like that?
I don't know what this guy's name is <_< >_>
FUCKING SHIELD
life: ?????
Every time
Caramel: Can you deal damage to him right now? If not, when?
Vordox, same voice actor.
WUT, MORE TURNS
haha
Kandarihu: I know
Kazuki Yao has a VERY distinctive voice :3
AJIsAwesome: I'm working on it
Okay. Got it.
NUUUUUUU
ded
run lyra run...i mean swim
wait, wat?
Man, I can't turn the audio up on the stream for another 40 minutes. I get a feeling it'll all be over by then.
Caramel: That was his dmg...?
XD
Is that Norio Wakamoto?
haha, Mike dying
And throughout all of this, Carame-l the pony sleeps.
Kandarihu: WHat? Do you have a volume timer?
lol
HAHAHA
AJIsAwesome, I have other audio that takes priority.
That is because Caramel is so awesome, even this is nothing to him
they suicidal?
Kandarihu: Okay.
Reikim: OH SHIT
Michael: Ikr :D
One does NOT simply attack the GURREN LAGANN
Caramel: :), good point.
Oh hai Gurren Lagann
XD
Reikim: WITHOUT PUNISHMENT
DRILLS
I NEED MORE DRILLS
BAD CALL RANDOM MONSTER MECH
DED
One does not simply take this attack and live.
pwned
OHAI THERE ROBOT
I love TTGL's music so much
PROBLEM?
Caramel: you can never have enough drills
AJIsAwesome: :D
CrimsonPeewee: IKR?
Caramel: ... <.< Is there a Music Library for this game? How many songs are in it?
there is
Oh my god
I can't quite remember
Reikim: sorairo days makes me feel...alive, like i can do anything, like i can PIERCE THE HEAVENS WITH MY DRILL
PINK IS MANLY
If I could just have this game's soundtrack
Caramel: must be atleast 60, ATLEAST
I'll save during my next turn, and show you the library
Lyra!
If I could have this game's soundtrack, it would basically become the soundtrack for my EVERYTHING.
Almost ded
Caramel: Nah don't! Show it after before you end stream :L)
Dammit, there was a queen ant on my head :|
fine :P
Reikim: i must download video game soundtracks for my car
just make sure to remind me
otherwise I'll forget
amazingly enough, it survived being cut in half
Caramel: I may too anyway XD but no rush
Yeah Caramel, I concur. After you've kicked ass, chill off by blasting manly robot tunes.
Gainer says HI!.
brb gotta change computers
Meh
Oh look, another suicidal bot!
Get your duckie out Lyra.
OH WHAT
AGAIN
YES
THEY DO NOT LEARN
He died again hahahaha
MORE FROM TTGL
i love this music
GIGA
Yep, it's Viral.
ooooh
sorairo days... MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE
MAXIMUMU
hahahahahah
Also, Simon!
ENOUGH DRILL THERE SIMON?!?
HOLY SHIT
all the explosions
Do all of these attacks get used in their respective anime?
SO MANY DRILLS. :D
madsurge: yes
Reikim: he would reply NEEEEEEEEEEEVVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEEEEER
hmmm
ENCORE
dare I waste this one time attack on trash?
but it so epic
MadSurge: Most, yeah. Some don't make it. TTGL, for example, has a whole bunch of attacks that would never make it due to sheer awesome.
Reikim: orly?
Caramel: DOn't waste it. Save it.
Caramel: Use it on final boss.
well then, looks like I'm using it now
13http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m92diwrpXU1r193uvo1_500.jpg so apparently sentry busters use demoman hitboxes
to make a point!
Reikim: I can imagine :D
Everything has its time and place.
Caramel: Anything done by anything larger than Gurren Lagann.
Reikim: watch and learn
Again
/me is watching
HOW DARES HE
/me hands Reikim popcorn
It hit?
That one actually hit
A PUNISHMENT IS IN ORDER
aha, oh god that was funny
NOTHING CAN DAMAGE GL
Caramel: HISATSU?
Or not
they have a chance to freeze your counter attacks :P
What
So
:D
It didn't work?
so next time :P
Lawl, Caramel got pwned
What? :O
no see, the way this works
I'm gonna say it one last time.
ALL THESE ROBOTS MAKE ME EXCITED...
have to clean up the mess
in one turn, the more times a mech is attacked, the less evasion it gets
WHY CAN'T I HAVE THIS GAME IN ENGLISH?!?!
Let others have their glory!
lol
Caramel: Ah, that makes sense.
so even your most evasive mechs can get hit if enough people focus them
Reikim: Cause World
dat level
Reikim: One word. Licnsing.
Vordox: Then the world...IS WRONG.
...did it just implode?
Again
I know licensing...it makes me so sad.
*Licensing*
Reikim: Me too. :(
I would totally fund AGTP if they could get me a translated copy of this game.
just as an fyi
Again
this mech, ganleon, brasta, esther and margerat are all the OCs in this
Ganleon is my new favourite OG.
He's dying so much, maybe I should stop saying when he died lol
That theme song is about fifty shades of cool.
MAKINASHu!
Rolo?
OH YOU DEAR ATTACK GUNLEON!?
GAAAAAALEON
FECK YE
Makinaize*
Caramel: I go by ear :P
and I correct your ear :P
And stream quality sound
NOT EVEN HIS MOST POWERFUL ATTACK
Super Press indeed
need a more epic attack muahahaahah
I don't care what they have to do, they have to give Ganleon his own anime.
I DEMAND IT.
Reikim: they have OG animes after every game
<.<
AWESOME
so it's possible they will
Yesssss
It's not Makenaize?
this one is the only exception, because it's a 3 game series
Polydunami: if that's how it's spelled
whats he playing?
Sounds like "makinaze" or somesuch
Oh, Setsuko.
back
Hey Obsidian!
Wb Obsidian
Obsidian: Welcome back. :)
Hello Obsidian
Wb Obsidain
That's a real man's gun.
Reikim: Stream Quality sun
Afaik, the Japanese spell it as they pronounce it.
sound*
WHOA
ANIMATION
And bouncy too
:3
This girl has...pep.
yeah
It's not like English, where you have silent vowels.
so do the spainards, and I still can't spell in their language
Or FRENCH :|
Ha
wat
You get used to French.
True; I live in Canada.
Rokko Chan
Hey look, there was a shot of that girl that didn't include her bouncing.
Suzaku says NO.
His second Let's play evern though he didn't finish the first yet
oh
brb
Why are people on Twitter going crazy over hexagons? :S
hello
Polydunami: Why does Twitter do ANYTHING?
^
DAT IS ONE FREAKY MECHA
Polydunami: hexagons?
Okay, is it just me, or does that mech look really out of place?
what the hell is that thing
Like, CGI.
ohai Applejack2012
It's disturbing.
It looks organic
What IS that thing?
they're Dimensional Beasts
GAAAAAAAANLEOOOOOON
hey Michael
Ohh.......ok.
MAKINAIZE
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAALEOOOOOOOOOOOON
MAKINA-IZE
Damn I forgot the N again. WHO CARES.
inb4 DED
actually it probably wont
k\
Polydunami I think we have a lot of other fellow canucks here.
<.<
because I don't have fury up
With 21k dmg?
Defense.
I was debating saving the energy
Eeyup :3
and just defending
/me airguitars
but meh
Oh
Okay then
That worked out
almost 1 hit kill
Polydunami what province are you from?
BC
GAAAAAAAANLEOOOOOOON
Polydunami same
Caramel: go big or go home
Nice
Caramel: AskWrek if he ever have time and will to do a Mecha paint of Gunleon Ponified
.D
Polydunami Im in the lower mainland.
you're welcome to do so :P
Me too :3
Vordox: THIS MUST HAPPEN.
I've already asked enough of wrek :P
Polydunami fo shizzle??? Chilliwack.
it has to happen
Reikim: to operate a gunman, you need fighting spirit right? spiral power
Close; near Surrey.
Damn
Reikim: and it automatically comes to you how to operate it?
Polydunami ahhh, I might move to langley soon.
My stream juse died.
...
DAMMIT
Caramel: How did you get your nickname? Was it from Caramel from MLP?
so far you win to closest brony I know.
Caramel is my favorite pony
Polydunami ^
Dragon Hude.
Caramel: Oh, ok.
Caramel: "For now" :P
Vordox: DOn't say that. :D
Well, the spiral energy is what powers a Ganmen.
D:
Why you do that, Caramel?
Yeah, same to you, Brad
I love Caramel too
Good morning everypony.
ohai Rommulus
caramel tastes amazing, so does that stuff that comes with snickers
Morning Rommulus!
Hello Rommulus
Rommulus: Hi! :)
good evening
Hello Rommulus
I'm not bitching. ><
NOOO
/me Collapses into chat
hi Rommulus
Stream death
NOOOOOO
Wait...This song..
What are we watching this mine morning?
Oh it's better.
That's Macross?
what up Ponies47
this fine morning*
ohai Ponies47
indeed it is
/me helps Ponies47 back up
Hello Ponies47 :)
Ugh. Hey everypony
Yeah, Macross is awesome.
hi Ponies47
Jets? Robots? WHY CHOOSE?
dat Ponies47
Ponies47: What happened?
Hi there Ponies47
Hey Ponies47
Thanks AJIsAwesome
That ship isn't much of a gundam though... is it?
YEEEAAAAH
Ponies47: Hi! :)
FUCK YES
Which SRW game is this?
School happened that's what ;_;
like a boss
it's not a gundam exclusive game
how was School Ponies47?
Simon says NO.
desertman2: Z2- Saisei Hen
Dat music
Caramel: True, we've seen the Big Mayor ship
so Ponies47 how was first day of high school?
god dang
Ponies47: Oh yeah.
inb4 epicness
<3 wuv
WELLP. New Ace Attorney game is officially in development.
Michael: too late
Caramel: Did you use the one-shot attack yet?
nope
Polydunami: WOOT
Polydunami, Ace Attorney 5?
Yeah
I knew that
Reikim: no, want to get the dynamic kill with it
Yesssss
It was ok. Also SCORE! I found another brony already! :3
but GUESS WHAT Polydunami
Michael: as soon as TTGL appears on screen, awesomeness ensues
I am stuck here until you do
Back
no US release
again?
Ponies47: Booya!
But Bronysith, you gotta give credit to all the badasses also out here.
Ponies47: Nice one :)
front
CrimsonPeewee: And their fans.
Bronysith: IKR, only for the music u know thats epic
AJIsAwesome, not Japan
Ponies47: woot woot
Oh mah gooooood
capcom LOVES Japan
TIME FOR DED
Caramel: One of the better "Bad guy to good guy" <-- Character there
CrimsonPeewee: True.
giving THEM all the good stuff
Awww
Lol c:4
A GODDAMN MONSTER HUNTER PSP
LIKE SERIOUSLY
Vordox: Viral is so amazingly badass. Have no Spiral Power? STILL AWESOME.
nuuuuu
Reikim: Tol d ya :P
c4? no please dont blow me up
:3
Vordox: /).
HOW DARES HE
(\
Reikim: /)
Ponies47: i wish I had your luck, I can't find any ther brony IRL :(
KAMINA GLASSES ATTACK
Wish I could use my sunglasses as a weapon...
MLP_Brovakiin: You will don't worry.
needs more kamina
AJIsAwesome: you dont?
lol
dat mech is new
Bronysith: (\
Michael: simon is much more badass than kamina
DAT LASER
I have brony friends in real life :3
Technicolor turkey?!
Ponies47: Hopefully :/
XD
Yeah, Simon outclasses Kamina in every way, shape, form, and colour.
Bronysith: yeah, but kamina is crazy :D
Oh wow
What is that goddamn thing
Reikim: but if it wasnt for kamina, simon wouldnt be that way
Bronysith: Point stands.
MLP_Brovakiin: wear them pony shirts it fishes them out, managed to meet over 14 bronies do to mah shirts
Reikim: yup
It's like
due*
A badass yellow crystal dinosaur...thing?
Reikim: Am I missing something? Isn't Kamina still around?
Reikim: i still like kaminas glasses a little better than simons star glasses
MadSurge: Nope, died.
MadSurge: episode 8
theres been a high pitched squeaking sound for the past 10 minutes. i think its a dog crying
MLP_Brovakiin: oh i see
D:
MLP_Brovakiin: Pins/ Bands allowed?
Took you long enough, EQD
MadSurge: He died ingame, too. Manly tears were shed (again).
Reikim: O__o IMPOSSIBRU
I'm naked.
GANLEON ON THE SCENE
Reikim: one of the moments when there is no shame whatsoever to cry
great EQD
GUNLEON TIME
Man, I can hardly view a single attack without Firefox freezing up partway through. Someone else went through this earlir, right?
everypony is lucky less me :(
Ponies47: yup they always do :D
AJIsAwesome: Nope my school is like nazi germany when it comes to uniform, as of when we go back any wrong uniform and you will be sent home :(
Ponies47: I troll people with Pony.MOV shirts :D
how so Michael
lol
Ponies47: I was getting some lunch and one of the cafeteria staff said "Sure, anything for a fellow brony."
I voted LONG before EQD posted that article :P
Ponies47: I assume you'll show him Brony State, right?
Being naked is good.
MLP_Brovakiin: Wow....
yes
NocturnalBlade: i dont find any brony in my country :(
MadSurge: Good idea! :D
What the FUCK is that?
Holy crap!
AJIsAwesome: Nice! :D
AJIsAwesome: wow :D
Michael: well you found us, that should count for something :)
NocturnalBlade: dat counts a lot
Everlasting_Joy: Well what do you think? :P
Ponies47: A big fat "duuuuuh!"
No short supply of bronies in Canada.
MLP_Brovakiin, I take it there have been gang problems in your school in the past?
Everlasting_Joy: eeyup! :D
Damn that thing has some HP.
MadSurge: Why would you troll them? :P
So much HP................
alright Reikim
Is this happening
prepare to be proven wrong
I'm watching
wtf
are u gonna do
/me gets his popcorn
The fuck
Klumzeedragon: "Can you guess what this is?" *shows decorative toaster cozy Derpy*
ARC GURREN MOTHER FUCKERS
Did he just
this is epic
/me noms on Reikim s fanboyism
FUCK
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5nyQLr2zjc&feature=g-u-u
Kandarihu: Nope It they are just uptight
WHERE DID THAT COME FROM
I have been awake since 2:30 AM :P
arc gurren lagann!!
Reikim: dont question awesomeness
:O
Klumzeedragon: Italy seems completely oblivious to ponies
HE'S GOING TO
OH FUCK YES
PAWNCH
RIGHT OUT OF TIME AND SPACE FUCKER
^
/me gives Reikim a mop
MadSurge, you haven't seen the Anime?
Okay Caramel, you win.
... I didn't understand that attack
/me smacks MadSurge with a drill
need someone to stream TTGL anime
MLP_Brovakiin, if you don't know why they're so strict about the uniforms, it's impossible to reach a good solution to the problem.
MadSurge: He summoned a city-sized battleship, merged with it, and then smacked the enemy out of time and space. Not all that hard to understand.
Michael: I already did
MadSurge: He punched it so hard it broke through space time.
MadSurge: Aw. :P The poor derpy hooves. I haven't seen any bronies around and I live in California. I'd have thought I'd see plenty.
CrimsonPeewee: not yet, because of lazyness and no Netflix availability
Pfft
Caramel: lol, when?
why do you need netflix
I don't understand understand whats going on!
a while back
just torrent it
I am glad that I was introduced by a group of bronies so I am not on my own.
darn :(
3
i wanted to watch it on BS :(
These poor bastards just don't stand a chance.
Kandarihu: They just want to keep a good rep, even though the school its self is full of jerks and people that don't care about their education
Is that
A second mecha?
Caramel: Mech on a mech on a mech?
MLP_Brovakiin, well, that makes sense.
Lyra used Rubber Duck. Everypony D'aaaaawed.
Holy shit dat combo
d'aaaaaaaw
Caramel: Gotta love how all Macross are translated to song lyrics :D
Soooo much guitar
HARMONY
wat
Caramel: Wait, does it mean that Macross has the MOST music of one single mecha? XD
Vordox, that's Nekki Basara, protagonist of Macross 7, who is a total pacifist.
Kandarihu: ... Beat people with music?
Yeah, Dynamite 7 was weird.
Kandarihu: TOTAL PACIFICS?T XD
Vordox, BEAT them? Heck no! He plays his music for ally and enemy alike.
Kandarihu: Might be an interesting anime...
Vordox, it's a wierd series.
Vordox, Elite Beat Agents dance to save the world
Kandarihu: Hehe
Polydunami confuses Elite Beat Agents with Angel Beats constantly :S
dat Big O
dat is a cool arm
i never knew Big O had that!?
That Lyra is so cute, cant look away.
Caramel: Wait, isn't that Big O? Wasn't there a "human" version of Big O somewhere? Think I've seen that part(Was epic)
Okay, so the animation here is just plain awesome.
Now think.
Nice
THink how it would be...if this battle...were actually rendered as an anime.
only in murica!
Think about that for a sec.
BaconMane: Thanks for the update. Going to download now. :P
BaconMane: :O
Now wipe your brains off the wall.
need it
want it
0,5I'm downloading it right now, all systems are go!
BIG O! FINAL STAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGE!
Armored kill looks Epic
Reikim: And here I was trying to spare my brain from further trauma.
0,5Note this is for Premium users on PS3
BaconMane: My system is warming up. :D
wat
the hell
BaconMane: FFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU, im on xbox D:
dat is a huuuuuuge cannon
This Darkmoon rabbit in WoW has to be the most ridiculece boss ever
Darkmoon rabbit?
0,5I only got Premium to save money on DLC, I don't care about the other stuff as much as the DLC :P
Its a reference to the monty python rabbit
It has 72 mil hp and if you some how manage to kill it it drops a pet
ooooh
thats awesome
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
Did I hear right, that Big-O is more philosophical than action-ey?
/me doesnt have BF3 Premium
Right, I'll be back later.
BaconMane: Shame you're on PS3 I'd love to pwn some noobs with you. :D
Only thing is... it takes 32+ hours to spawn
Welp I guess it's randomly time
kittan!
must get ultimate marvel vs capcom 3
KITTAAAAN
I wanted premium, but I don't play Battlefield enough to justify the price of it
Happily Ever After? YES.
Reikim: he has best death
happily ever after :D
I now have 2 gift of borderlands 2 to give out and I now have a nice comic and quite an easy one at that.
this song pleases me
update is like what 1 gb big for bf3?
so
WHO WANTS BORDERLANDS 2?
did kitan ever do this
Eh
me
Note here that the King Kittan is canonically probably the weakest mech among all the mechs here.
CrimsonPeewee: I will look into it.
CrimsonPeewee: Not me... can't be arsed with that game
Ahhh... how I've wanted to see this again...
alexxm: he does it just as he dies
FPS + DIablo Go
DAT HAPPY DANCE :D
me that is if you dont mind
CrimsonPeewee: I don't, but I'll try to answer your question.
Gah I have a choice.. do I get the 3DS XL to replace my crappy made 3DS or get the WiiU?
Caramel er sorry the version i saw had him do his giga drill breaker
MEH
SpadeMagnes[R]: 3DS XL.
must be a small update
alexxm: The attack he just did was there, during one of the battles against the AS.
or not
SpadeMagnes[R]: It
Reikim, what about Boss Borot?
I must take off fillies and gentlecolts.
Bye Everlasting_Joy
Bye Everlasting_Joy !
Kandarihu: I have no idea who that is.
´cya
ah right Reikim
It's better waiting.
bye Everlasting_Joy
Goodbye Everlasting_Joy
bye Everlasting_Joy
http://i.imgur.com/jig8L.jpg Tell me what this picture is referencing and you'll get Borderlands 2 for free. Very easy this time.
Everlasting_Joy: Bye! :)
Also answer in pm if you don't want the prize.
CrimsonPeewee: sonic adventure 2 battle
CrimsonPeewee: the fight between sonic and shadow
CrimsonPeewee: SA2B, final battle between Sonic and Shadow.
CrimsonPeewee: Sonic Adventure 2
Told ya guys it was easy
CrimsonPeewee: the next time you decide to do a contest, please clear it with the mods before you do
That was way too easy
but Bronysith got first
POINT BLANK BAZOOKA :D
SpadeMagnes[R]: Its best if you wait till the price drops for the WiiU.
CrimsonPeewee: so i get borderlands 2 for pc now?
I suppose your right
Caramel, Sumica seems to not bother and I've been doing this for a while
SpadeMagnes[R]: THat's what I did for the Wii.
Bronysith, yes
yoko!
well that's sumica
I mean there arent any good games for it... but what if I miss out... sigh
damnit i missed the give away..... had to take the trash out :D
CrimsonPeewee: whats ur steam id?
YOKO
boobies
Wow
/me noms on Caramel
That was
Over kill
A lot of damage
Reikim: i have a yoko pin for my hat
...ya... that was...alot of damage
Yoko Ono
why is yoko in dayakas mech
CrimsonPeewee: or are you just crimsonphoenix?
BaconMane: you excited to use the new AC-130 in Armored Kill? :3
because she's awesome alexxm
alexxm: After Dayakka takes on the Dai-Gurren, Yoko takes Dayakkaiser.
Demonstrating that tits don't block you from being awesome
BaconMane: Damn. We xbox users don't get it till the 11th. :O
alexxm: In the movies, it also gets a makeover, leading to the Yokkaiser you see.
ah ok i've only seen the series
Its times like this I wish I had a job so I could buy one and get the other later
g2g for now guys, Caramel thanks for the awesome robot fights...see yall later tonight
alexxm: It was in the series too.
Night NocturnalBlade
Reikim, from Mazinger Z. I don't know everything about it, but it's pilot, Borot, seems to be a bully where Kabuto Koji go to school. But he TRIES to help him against Dr. Hell's <forgot the name of his machines>. Borot is very much sort of a cosmic chewtoy sort of fallguy. And his machine is traditionally portrayed in this game as comically pathetic.
Bye NocturnalBlade
bye NocturnalBlade
Bye NocturnalBlade have a good one
Goodbye NocturnalBlade
and Caramel I really just needed to get rid of gifts
God that's disturbing.
Reikim ah ok
I have one more that I'll do in a later time
Cya later NocturnalBlade ~
that's fine, don't turn chat into a spam to do it
What is that?
Caramel, sorry.
all I ask is that you clear it before doing something like that
Klumzeedragon: you excited to use the AC-130 in armored kill? :3
The fuck
seriously what the hell is that Caramel
Giga Puddi!
the hell just happened?
There are no words
What the hell?
00,10hmmmm, what's not me?
That robot is serious shades of disturbing.
Weirdest finisher ever
Jello robot
clear it?
The words, there are none
Kandarihu: yeah, but Boss Borot is so cute :D
as in get approval
CrimsonPeewee: Ask first.
What robot IS that?
This one
It's awesome
I need to watch whatever series this one is from
Dat sigma
Sigma?
Get X
Seriously, who knows?
Pfft.....meh fiiiine
Must see
dem symbols
Alright. I'm going to try some last ditch effort stuff before I restart my computer again.
God damn how many mooks do we have to kill?
We should get Mechagodzilla too :D
it's almost like illegal to give games for free
Hi everypony...Survived my first day back :|
ohai Kawaii_icybeauti
Hello Kawaii_icybeauti :)
Hi Kawaii_icybeauti and congratulations
how was it Kawaii_icybeauti
Caramel: What series is this?
Hello Kawaii_icybeauti!
Klumzeedragon: well you dont really fly the ac-130 all you get to do is control the guns on it while it circles the map
heya Michael MLP_Brovakiin Rommulus alexxm Reikim and MadSurge
CrimsonPeewee: The nerve of being generous
Wind sword?
SpadeMagnes[R], I no rite
\
Kawaii_icybeauti: how it was?
The only good thing that happened today was that I found a new kid who was a brony.
nice
Kawaii_icybeauti: yay! :D
Kawaii_icybeauti: woot woot
How was it?
Kawaii_icybeauti: dat is nice
But still it was boring as hell, and to think I have to start trying in school this year....
Kawaii_icybeauti: Haha you and Ponies47 found bronys on your first day back :D
Whate series is this, seriously?
Need to watch.
Combining
Kawaii_icybeauti: GREAT! :D
Toppa Tengen Gurren Laggan I believe is the name
Gravion?
Right, that's on the list too.
I dont think i spelt it 100% correctly however
Klumzeedragon: i think they wouldnt let you drive it because someone could eaisly take that big plane and crash land it on a base.... :D
Still no release date yet? Or that one sumi showed was true.
DED
wow 1 letter off
Kawaii_icybeauti: Hoax. No release date.
Toppa Tengen Gurren Laggann is the name of the anime
Reikim: Ugghhhh...When are they releasing it....
Rommulus: First two are backwards.
Kawaii_icybeauti: No idea.
^^
Oh then I was decently off XD
Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann.
I predicted 6 october
brb
Predicted being the keyword
Pray to gawd soon, then the premire might be on a competition day..and I'll miss the stream and have to watch it on my DVR late :(
CrimsonPeewee: so what are you giving out tomorrow?
a hat
I must rely on the interwebs to watch it
I have another Borderlands 2 waiting
Ohai Lancelot
and I never said tomorrow
bloop
hello
just at a later time
MVM UPDATE! Now you will be able to paly both red and blue team and work together! :O
who knows it might be today
ohai Derpy_Hooves
CrimsonPeewee: my god how much copies do you have :D
*play
or during the week
only 1 now
Harro der Derpy_Hooves
Note that the Lancelot is both smaller and technically weaker than most of the mechs here.
bought a 4 pack "by accident"
Reikim: I call zombie bullshit XD
how did you do that?
Petrified_Discord: wat?
Reikim: cause nightmare frames are stupid
yay mazinger!
Ohai Mazinger.
Bronysith: Bullshit, Knightmare Frames are awesome.
Reikim: Dude, it's the fukken Lancelot. Fuck ALL these other robots :P
sorry distracted by slayer album....
Petrified_Discord: Suzaku makes up for it, is all I'm sayin'~
Reikim: ^
This would be Hot-blooded-pinkie-pie's favorite game
CrimsonPeewee: She doesn't need this game. She LIVES this game.
AQUARION
Reikim dammit you're right
CrimsonPeewee: how much did that 4 pack cost?
hey Caramel I wanna see the rbot that fights with the squad of humans again
Aquarion makes me laugh and smile because of all the sex innuendoes goin' on.
around 150?
I should check
http://cheezburger.com/6552718848 EVERYONE STFU AND TAKE MY MONEY
^thats ooolllddd
Bronysith: i want a pony :(
but still my own pinkie pie.....
http://cheezburger.com/6514548992 SO DAMN TRUE right Caramel ?
I'm thinking now, that the problem is with Firefox itself. I'm gonna try restarting that.
Bronysith: Pretty much sums it up.
SHOOOOOOTO
Dat truth Bronysith
BAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHHA o u picard http://cheezburger.com/6545357568
:I
dat reference
~180
But we love our Discord. :)
that's how much the four pack was
Kallen shows off the massive range she suddenly got.
Dat damage 0.0
The Lancelot is one of my favourite robots ever. It's just SO DAMN COOL.
Agreed
i never realized how large Sephiroths masamune was until i held it in my hands
One hit kill
Bronysith: That one's undersized. Real one's nine feet long.
my god why is my internet being shit lately
Bronysith: spehiroths masamune..eheh..ehhhh... but seriously, where did you get it?
MACROSS! MISSILE! MASSACRE!
twilight_sprinkle: dragoncon
http://derpy.me/i33vk
Reikim: if it was the real one, no one would be able to use it
Reikim: cause only sephiroth can use that blade
Bronysith: how much did it cost?
hey everypony how are y'all
I bet if we combine all our money then rob a bank we could adopt one.
This game has enough explosions to give Michael Bay an existential crisis.
How big is that Gunblade Bronysith?
Hi DJ_POn-3 I am good and yourself?
hoi DJ_POn-3
Hello DJ_POn-3
good
Klumzeedragon: idk
Rommulus: screw the money i get all of them
oh hai layra
ohai DJ_POn-3
Hello DJ_POn-3
Bronysith: :P That explains everything~ Educated guess?
JEREMIAH GOTTWALD
Orange-kun!
how you doing DJ_PON3
TAKE THE STORM OF HIS LOYALTY!
Michael: :'(
I want a Dashy Derpy and a Scratchy
Rommulus: what?
Can I has a fluttershy?
She sure does have bounce.
Bronysith: so how much did masamne cost? or is it a secret
twilight_sprinkle: 60 dollars
GAAAAAAN
Man I'm bored...
LEOOOOOOON
Bronysith: wow thats pretty cheap, ve actually been wanting to get myself a masamune too
Hello everyone :P
Rommulus: sure
hoi Ravebrony
hi Ravebrony
ohai Ravebrony
Hooray! :)
Hey Ravebrony
twilight_sprinkle: and the buster sword and gunblade were 35 each
Hi Ravebrony
/me gives a filly Fluttershy to Rommulus
Maybe I'll go play Xenosaga later....
Hello Ravebrony :)
hi Ravebrony
Hey Ravebrony :3
alright ponies
you've been good
time to reveal his FINAL ATTACK
I will cherish filly fluttershy forever and ever
Ravebrony: how ya doin
Holy shit
Yes
No
Yes
awwww yeah
Caramel: Yay
GO
do it
Awwwww yeah!
Caramel: Arent we always good? :)
MURDER
AAAAAAAAAAAAH
moar powaaaaaaah
AAAH
/me waves to twilight_sprinkle, Dovah, Michael, Obsidian, Rommulus, MLP_Brovakiin, thelonepony, Ponies47, and DJ_POn-3 :$
STREAM DERP
SHIIIIII
saw the 527 desu thing
IIIIIT
Hi everypony! How are you?
Better...
FUCK
Hello Fluttershy6194
Fluttershy6194: Hi! :)
IS THAT A DRAGON
ohai Fluttershy6194
....
and im doing good, DJ_POn-3, and yourself?
I am good Fluttershy6194 :)
hello Fluttershy6194
.............
/me Runs up to Ravebrony and SUPER glomps him :3
:)
RaveBrony: i am almost finished drawing discord
Well, it seems that upgrading Flash to 11 and restarting Firefox stopped the freezing. Now to see if it can withstand the latest version of Gameguard.
Hey Fluttershy6194
.............................
Nice! :o
GANLEON, LADIES AND GENTS
AJIsAwesome: ...........
FATALITY!
FOR WHEN YOU REALLY
/me hugs AJIsAwesome
The heck is Game guard?
Klumzeedragon: imagine this crash landing on your base :D : http://thegameministry.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/bf3_4.jpg
TRULY
...............................
pwnage
NEED SOMETHING DEAD
DJ_POn-3: Make sure to put a link when you are finished I would love to see
^
everypony i am almost finished drawing Discord i have had alot of other stuff so i coudt get to doing it for a while
...............................so awesome...................:O
its lineart not cloured
*coloured
Okay guys, time for bed for me. Nighty!
night MadSurge
Night MadSurge
Goodnight MadSurge
AJIsAwesome: /)^3^(\
MadSurge: goodnight
MLP_Brovakiin: its a set flight path and you can only control the guns
MLP_Brovakiin: He told me it was railed.
night mad....
damn
http://i.imgur.com/R0Z1g.jpg up down first
MLP_Brovakiin: :D
Still, so far and so good.
MLP_Brovakiin: i think thats why didnt want peolpe to pilot it :D
people*
CrimsonPeeWee: lulz
Hi, good afternoon everyone
http://derpy.me/7tfKC
ohai TheGreatAndPowerfulT
but it would be cool if it crash landed when i gets shot down :D
Hello TheGreatAndPowerfulT
it*
I can DEFINITELY hear that SUUUUUUPEEEEEER voice of his
ello TheGreatAndPowerfulT
TheGreatAndPowerfulT: Hello! :)
Michael: I would miss you *hugs*
*hugs Michael*
/me hugs back MLP_Brovakiin
/me hugs AJIsAwesome
Ah, Lyra was replacing his face for a moment
:3
CrimsonPeewee: celestia made twilight cry. i will find her and tear her horn off, then her wings and give them to twilight
twilight_sprinkle: Then you'll make Twilight cry. You monster.
I support this twilight_sprinkle
Reikim: i wont tell her its from celestia
Wait a minute...is that robot just a guy sitting in a chair? That. Is. Boss.
twilight_sprinkle: She'll still cry. Mangles ponies don't exactly appeal.
http://derpy.me/bRlxV twilightception
Petrified_Discord: *throne
That is awesome, twilight reading twilight
Hm... I have to go get my dad a birthday card. I'll be back my little ponies~ :P
which is till a better love story then twilight
Why does this guy sound like Lordgenome?
twilight_sprinkle: Or you do like they did in that Sunset fanfic and use a Divinity Spell and steal Celestia's powers and give them to Twilight which would make her an alicorb
Bye Klumzeedragon
alicorn
Bye Klumzeedragon
Goodbye Klumzeedragon
bye Klumzeedragon
Klumzeedragon: Bye!
Michael twilight blasphemy!
JESmith71: hm, never read that fic. is it good?
lol
Holy shit
twilight_sprinkle: I thought it was
That is one hell of a robot
Ah, the return of the guy who's machine gives a speech during each attack. Awesome stuff
Alicorn on the Cob
Miss
cant touch rolo
http://i.imgur.com/CRhmg.jpg
Hell, my stream's not working.
But I saw ARC GURREN LAGANN so it's all cool.
sooo tinfoil hats anyone ? http://www.teamfortress.com/mannwill/
And GAAAAANLEOOOOON
have you tried refreshing?
Meh
How is everyone, anyway?
Ok I have to ask: what I
Yes
´am watching?
My connection's just fallen off
ah
Lyon: SRW
Wish I could watch, but sadly, I can't.
sad, you didn't even get to see the final boss
But that's okay. Any more testosterone and I probably would have exploded WHAT
http://derpy.me/Ng4NH dawww
/me mashes the refresh button
Michael: HNNNNGGGGG
wow the title speaks for itself...
tired
and you ?
All rihgt.
Michael: Where did you get that picture?
*right
Ahaha it works now
YES
AJIsAwesome: facebook :)
Go Super Robots¡
Michael: Okay. Nice!
Michael, that's well done
Michael thats a pretty good photoshop
Have you guys seen the dude who greenscreens ponies into his house on youtube
GO
Brad[Laptop]: I have.
ponies IRL are awesome .)
GURREN LAGANN
its pretty well done as well
I mean, you could make a movie out of it.
Brad[Laptop], I won't say good photoshop
Still can't do damage?
that's pretty basice
Dat's BS.
basic**
not really
Brad[Laptop]: There's more than one. I'v actually seen about 5 people do the same thing and it looks great.
dat would cost a good quantity of money
the more you hit his shield, the less he murders your team
AJIsAwesome ah guess i need to search for more
but the guy did thought about the picture and took care of details right
Brad[Laptop]: They're on youtube. Look up complations of ponies IRL
I guess it helps that the show itself is easy to remove the background and stuff due to simple shapes and colours
HAX.
*compilations*
Goodnight, everybrony.
Petrified_Discord: Or just skill. :D
CountDoofus: Night! :)
Night CountDoofus
Goodnight CountDoofus
The attacks! They do nothing!
Brad[Laptop], Vectors
Gnight CountDoofus
http://i.imgur.com/wj6Xv.jpg :)
more tinfoil http://www.teamfortress.com/gray/
The stream
So much badass
who is Caramel fighting? o ~o
aawww :)
Michael: Why these ponies always be sleeping?! :)
Woah Michael that's better
Michael: HNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNG
heeeh sort of
Gaioh (or however the hell it's spelled), and his army of interdimensional beasts
Someone who looks like Akuma
Goodnight everyone, my bastard mum made me wake up at 6:30 to see if I could get up and ready for school on time when I go back -_-
Akuma the robot master
Caramel: is this the last level?
Sadly, we'll never get an official pronunciation.
yes
MLP_Brovakiin: Yay parents
:O
Night MLP_Brovakiin sleep well :)
MLP_Brovakiin: Night! :)
Caramel: dat kewl :3
*spelling
I can see how it can be a little difficult to give volume to a 2d drawing heh
you kewl
/me hugs Petrified_Discord , Ponies47 and AJIsAwesome :3
Brad[Laptop], the key is to imagine it being 3D. I think that's how it works.
MYAH!
Goodnight MLP_Brovakiin:
Kandarihu I mean for when you stick ponies into photos of our world
having blankets wrap around and stuff
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D8bCuNiJ-NI&feature=related can anypony tell me what the hay this is someone sent me to watch this
http://i.imgur.com/6DdLd.jpg Cla-ssic
DJ_POn-3: please no vid links during stream
no youtube links during a stream please
Brad[Laptop], yeah. I guess the same principle applies
Bronysith: ok
http://derpy.me/f3bow vader knows
isnt someone doing a my little dashie mini movie or something
or is it all talk
yay
Friggin' finally.
I watched a trailer but usually thats all that they produce… a trailer.
Michael: i approve
:)
inb4 MLD movie is overrated
Michael: XD
Michael,dat Derpy sitll in box toy
come to the dark side, we got ponies
Oh yeah the MLD movie...
But im a sucker for well done fan made content.
^
what be this
CrimsonPeewee: you and I are going to get along very well
The fanfic is so overhyped.
FIRE ALL DA MISSLES
/me Super glomps Quick_Thinker "Hello!"
Is that Mazinger Z?
Caramel, in case you don't know I'm CrimsonPhoenix
eloo Ponies47 you missed me i take it?
I know
just in case~
love yall guys <3
wub <3
<3
CrimsonPeewee: Love you too. :)
Quick_Thinker: Nah. I just felt like glomping you :P
brb
<3
true: http://derpy.me/DwpcX
true true
welp
hard to beileve im almost 16 already
Back
spine
wb
I'm almost 34 already
almost 16
http://i.imgur.com/f4IuI.png Cutiception
Michael nice post
IKR
btw im 19 since we are playing the age game.
almost 25
he basically dodged GOD
I'm 18. Just turned 18 a couple of months ago.
16!
/me Is 14 and will be 15 in December
I thought people were older here.
/me is 21
/me glomps otakon
G'night everypony! :)
So this is the final boss?
nope
Night GilDash
Good night GilDash!
What
***Cades joined #spyrochat
Good night GilDash
00,10nice boster pack holand has
Brad[Laptop]: The majority of people here are older.
Gnight GilDash
This isn't even the final boss?
We are all children :P
eeyup
Brad[Laptop]: We have some people who are younger.
I...what?
mgffdmyfyh
you'll see
yep children on the inside
AJIsAwesome im not really one to care about ages on the interweb.
http://derpy.me/eyNLB MOAR cuteness
00,10oh hey it's that kid
rolo
Michael: So much HNNNNNNNNNNNG
00,10all the heavy hitters ah Caramel
hi there Sumica how are you today aniki?
He was one of my favorite characters from the show.
...
can't have anything less for the last mission, can we sumica? :P
00,10I am well
ohai Sumica
00,10alto in the vf27
Somewhere, Michael Bay is watching this and having an existential crisis.
Reikim: you mean orgasm?
No, I'm not that crude.
o/
strange mah interwebs died out for awhile there
I wanna be a llama
00,10so is the macross quarter around?
yeah
it's by Gaioh, taking the beating for the team
This is probably one of the "cleanest" irc channels around. I like it.
00,10type 7 spinzaku as well
Also
hmm]
Briefly, there was an Arc-Gurren Lagann
00,10god bot needs some new moves
http://i.imgur.com/omDCd.jpg
oh fuck
00,10ouch
I really hope I activated his barrier
dat game
Well this is a new move.
:O
00,10he finaly hit
CrimsonPeewee: She sure has a surprise at the end....
no, he just finally hit me :P
It actually hit
AJIsAwesome, oh god that ending
Oh, no..............
00,10cast in the name of god eh?
oh thank god I had barrier up
00,10droped a planet on e,
http://derpy.me/hzHTW
Sumica, that's Big O. Did I hear "Ou Blade"?
God, this animation is almost as long as Supernova's.
I wonder if this beats Supernova in the longest attack animation
...So his attack was turning the planet to lava?
btw, just going to put it out there
that was 1/4th of its actual damage
I had barrier up
...
ouch
Why do most final bosses have super flashy attacks
Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn
ooooh I see
Try not to get hit again?
nah, this time I have wall up
if Rolo gets hit, it'll only do 10
00,10it's in the union by laws SpadeMagnes[R]
SpadeMagnes[R]: Flash, like screaming, is directly proportional to power
http://derpy.me/VGYgG all of my want
SpadeMagnes[R]: To be fair, the protags get a hell of a lot too.
Get some new moves
Michael, I'm sorry but that a bad design
terrible design
CrimsonPeewee: the picture in the sirt is cool
Petrified_Discord: and lack of clothing on females increases survival rates
twilight_sprinkle: They dodge better. CLEARLY.
Michael: not really >.>
If only if we understood japanese
I can't remember if I said hi when I came in here.
twilight_sprinkle: True, but only in theory, as no female ever has ever worn sufficient armor :P
So, hi.
I can't say it's horribl but the picture isn't made for a good t-shirt
Petrified_Discord: lol true
Hello FillyFlam
I love this boss music. It's so elegant
ohai FillyFlam
well he is the king of the world
FillyFlam: Hi! :)
Hai ponies.
Kinixys: Hi! :)
hoi FillyFlam
Is anyone else loving how silly the final boss looks?
Yeah
He needs more attacks.
Just skip godbot's attacks from now on, I guess.
lol Caramel got tired of seeing it
Its starting to get dull with the same cutscene over and over
Spitfire: about time tbh..
yush
Ded
hits me with a 15% hitrate
Well shit
Oh shit
good god
ded
Well
Now hes just skipping the animations
What now?
So much for her
GANLEON, AVENGE
Caramel: are you going to skip his death animation? :<
what? no
tenshin?
yay
I figured he'd miss with a 15% hitrate
Vengence!
just got really unlucky it seems
So is this like fire emblem and the character is gone for good?
GO GIANT WRENCH ATTACK!
SpadeMagnes[R]: no
SpadeMagnes[R]: it's just a credit penalty at the end of the stage
SpadeMagnes[R]: but the better the unit, the higher the penalty
skip
KING KITTAN!
So why does the king of the world have only one attack?
inb4 otakon is kicked
SpadeMagnes[R]: bc that's all he needs
BUFF TIME!
PLANET DANCE
I have no idea what is going on..
LYRA BUFF GO!
SpadeMagnes[R]: shits exploding yo
SpadeMagnes[R]: it's an ability that recovers a lot of health
SpadeMagnes[R]: for a lot of units
Do I see Turn A Gundam as well?
So why has the dude in the chair not killed anyone yet?
otakon: You do indeed.
yes you do
jesus
ouch!
Wait what the hell?
of course it hits rolo
SHIT!
Oh shit
thank god for support defense
he's doomed
DOOMED
Nope
Dooooooooooooooooooooomed
Link?
well fuck
Oh, no..........................
okay gents
rolo or suzaku
doomed
who dies?
otakon: clean up that mess you made
Caramel: You know that answer.
rolo
GAME OVER MAN, GAME OVER
rolo
Who is the weakest?
suzaku cant die
what mess?
rolo
Bye rolo
Spinzaku or Shinji?
good choice
rolololololo
Caramel: Rolo
damn level 99 and NO stat is at 400?
Maybe he'll get lucky?
aw rolo
oh shit
he's got defensive support
I might have forgotten to disable the support
Caramel: O_o
new attack :O
well this is new
oops
So....
Dafuq?!
nah never mind
SpadeMagnes[R]: ded
it's good
yep he ded
OVER KILL
though he may still have wall up
o3o
weeping angels
00,10nice attack
Seriously that is overkill
so rolo *may* jst survive
jesus
hhhhaaiiiiii all :D
http://derpy.me/Krkf4 Holy......gosh
yup, wall was up
Why do all of his attacks hit the entire planet?
hiya RainbowDash90
Lawl
lol: http://derpy.me/D3ds6
THANK GOD FOR WALL!
lol
okay
NOW he's dead
hooray!
Shinji you lucky bastard.
he lives!
I think he would do better if he aimed.
Nope
Oh.. okay the stream is working for me now.
sorry folks
ohai RainbowDash90
looks like Rolo going bye bye
Who cares?
CrimsonPeewee: is that a joke?
D:
^^
Michael: Night fury is awesome
I will laugh if rolo survives
Caramel: At least it's canon :P
hi everpony what we watching
twilight_sprinkle, why would it be a joke
Rommulus ;)
Hiya LunerRepublicGuard
Again?
This shit again
ohai LunerRepublicGuard
LunerRepublicGuard: Hi!
Skiiip
Why you no use different moves
Caramel: get him OUT OF THERE!
hahaha
silly npc
LAWL
he missed with a 90% hitrate
Rommulus: bosses usually only have a few moves
Ahahahaha
LYRA, MOVE
some times the RNG can be cruel
DAWDGE MOTHERFUCKAS
Rolo you're a lucky bastard.
other times, hillarious
Caramel: LUCKY, also SUPER LOW ENERGY GET HIM AWAY!
Y U HAVE NO ORIGINALITY
Rolo is luckiest bastard
CrimsonPeewee: because who the fuck is egoraptor to take 1575 bucks for an autograph. i can get a Federer autograph on ebay for that much
why it no use different move that isnt that one XD
Hi everypony!
The game won't let Rolo die
00,10cause it knows
OtakuTom: Hi!
What the shit is this thing?
Super Dimensional Beast
basically bioweapon
is this gundam or code geass
He did not attack Ganleon.
SPANNER ATTACK GO!
00,10engi is pissed
LunerRepublicGuard: Both, at once, and then some.
LunerRepublicGuard: neither, lots of them
LunerRepublicGuard: Super Robot Wars
00,10time to move that gear up
That hardly did anything
00,10erecten an ass kicking
Kittan to Simon's defense!
hell yeah!
twilight_sprinkle, you don't really like Egoraptor?
Kittan!
AND Gurren Lagann!
teaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamwork
dammit you freak just DIE
Oh look, it's Akuma again
Gnight everypony, HF with the stream :)
Caramel: is DAT the finall?
nope
Kittan BLOCK!
Night Michael :)
D:
Night, Michael
Michael: Night! :)
Kittan, taking one for the team. LIKE A MAN.
and he took it like a CHAMP!!!!!
CrimsonPeewee: even if i did, no way in hell does some youtube guy deserve 1575 dollars for an autograph. its absurd
HAHAHAHAHA!
gotta love Wall
agreed
saves my ass so many times
Kittan taking it like a champ.......again.
Kittan is a champ
DAMMIT!
WHY WON'T THAT WALL GO DOWN?
inb4 goddamit
AND he gets two attacks?
HAX
twilight_sprinkle, it's a drawing of anything, signed, mailed (not emailed) and all that for some center for horse
more than that
holy shit when did ganondorf get a rob ot
Lol dodged
good dodge
Suzaku gives zero fucks.
As much as I like Egoraptor, I have to agree with twilight_sprinkle.
true it is her mom working in there but still it's sort of nice
00,10odd, BerryPunch should have beaten wrek on that
Caramel: you're normal types are taking damage man, get them OUT of there
it's not all on his wallet
and the goddamn auction started at 0
HAX!
so if you have anyone to blame you blame the people not ego
Egoraptor may be a good writer/animator, but he's asking for a LOT of money he doesn't need.
CrimsonPeewee: like i said, i can get a ton of autographs of famous people with actual talent for that much...
AJIsAwesome: thats what the current bid is
Oh god He started at Zero
Flee rolo flee
and it's not for him
Behold the Internet
hate bosses with ? health
This is a PSP game, right?
00,10some mugen powers up I see
LunerRepublicGuard: Me too. Drives me crazy.
INFINITY GODDAMN PUNCH
OtakuTom: Yes.
http://derpy.me/vXq8M
00,10carlen
take that ya damn monstrosity!
hey guys :)
LunerRepublicGuard: there was a boss in ff7:cc who had ??? hp and she took 20-40 minutes(depending on difficulty) to kill with maximum game damage
Meanwhile the god machine is sitting there biding his time
twilight_sprinkle: Mirando or something, right?
00,10dat lions over kill
This is as long as FF summons. XD
Reikim: no i dont think so, it was the secret goddess boss
OtakuTom: There's a cable that turns PSP screen into a standard video cable.
twilight_sprinkle: That's who I was referring to.
Lyra!
00,10orange time
so how far into the game is Caramel?
Mr. Orange
hi all
this is the last mission
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Last mission.
Sketch_Toku_Brony: last mission
FlutterMEDIC: Hi! :)
cool
I wasn't adding extra clients, dick
I was pinging out
Any idea where I could get that cable?
00,10Jeramya gotswald, the only beaing more loyal then AJ
Or maybe I could just bug Caramel after the stream...lol
back
Sumica: :(
OtakuTom: Dunno, anywhere they sell game stuff.
twilight_sprinkle: that mission boss 1hr to finish on hard
Hi everypony im back
00,10Sorry AJ it's true
wb cachi01|phone
cachi01|phone: Welcome back! :)
hey cachi01|phone
LunerRepublicGuard: i heard shes invisible on hard. is that true?
you can't get more loyal than Jeremiah
00,10So loyal even death wont stop him
Sumica: huh? i thought RD was loyalty and AJ what honesty..
True facts from Sumi.
Sumica: I know. He was one of my favorite characters from that show.
twilight_sprinkle: not completely
Their elements are part of them, but they're not onetrack ponies
00,10that's the joke Dovah
00,10watch more FiW
/me never has--
good
don't
/me copmlies
Ugh
cinokue..
I know I should I'm just too lazy
FUCK!
Less argument please
LunerRepublicGuard: wow lol. it was hard enough on easy
COMPLIES*
Let's just focus on the giant robots here.
/me can't type properly today
NomOmomomomom
What's going on in here? Just got back
I'm not into FiW. It may be funny to others and I can see why, but it's just not my cup of tea.
Hi CCCP :)
Vivix: Robots. Big ones.
Oh, that-anime?
00,10that dont look like the 303
Vivix: More like all of them :P
AJIsAwesome, yeah that's what I think I will feel if I see it- I'm..not sure it sounds like the thing I'd like
it's not unfortunately
go Holland!
Ooh
the 303 is only in Hakai Hen unfortunately
goddammit STILL 25K to do?
you used to be able to choose between the two
but for some reason they didn't let you in this
which made me had a sad
Caramel: don't you have any attacks that do 30K worth of damage? your losing units man!
/me turns on stream
Oshit
00,10oh dear
it's a boss with high armor, and is massive, which means it takes even less damage
bye Holland
Oh my god just DIE already.
there's no way I'm hitting him for 30k
and nah, holland is fine
Purple Tinker....left?
Caramel: wait when did Massive size impart damage resistance?
since...always?
Coincidence: Dovah, I'm listening to a song where the chorus sounds like it goes "dovah dovah dovah"
looking at this makes me wanna play that dragon rpg game on the PSOne
there's an ability you can buy to ignore that penalty
It always makes me think of you Dovah
Vivix: lol whats the name of the song?
Caramel: no really, I didn't know Massive guy got damage resistance, does tha go for your Battleship units too? they're usualy massive (LL) as well)
Dovah Battle by Blur
Shrugs off the lava
no, battleships don't get it
HAX
but they usually have their own special defenses
figures
They're final bosses, otakon. Can't really complain.
the chorus starts at around 1:20 Dovah
Vivix: and now i have a song to go listen to
hehe
Reikim: I bet you 1 MILLION bits it's not.
00,10spinzaku time
otakon: Final bosses plural. I already know there's more.
1:05*
anyway off to see if I missed a job application
He's in the red!
otakon: See ya
otakon: Bye! Good Luck! :)
4 digits left
Vivix: no no, I mean after he beats this stage there is gonna be another boss
Front.
Use the ultra ball now!
JUST DIE ALREADY!
USE BOSS BOROT!
why didnt we finish the code geass streams?
otakon, whatnow?
Petrified_Discord, lol.
00,10he still has the guy with the unbreakable wall
nvm
some people didn't like me streaming geass
<3
so I stopped, same goes for saint seiya and eureka 7
Caramel: What? WHy? :(
its a hit
Caramel: Why? I can't see.
00,10some people can sit on it and spin
yay!
Caramel: WHAT? HOW???
Caramel: I wonder why, it was more enjoyable then Eureka Seven.
Never seen either-
when are we going to watch more mlp episodes just asking
DJ_POn-3, probably this weekend
Vivix: I recommend you check out Code Geass more.
!cd
Next episode air time is unknown.
oNE DOES NOT SIMLY DISLIKE CODE GEASS. i didnt intend that as caps but still
http://ts3.mm.bing.net/images/thumbnail.aspx?q=4631147994154406&id=9f751b4efd47b63e6a693d924b9fd74e
alrighty
DJ_POn-3: Movie night, Friday, or Saturday morning if you want the Euro stream.
00,10did some one just ask for ponies?
argh Eureka Seven i know you like it Caramel but it had some of the most unlikable characters I've ever watched in an anime.
I've only seen Y of Geass- so know tiny parts of the story-
Sumica: no
then you have no taste
/me otakon clearly has not watched a lot of anime
Sumica: eenope
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
00,10Sure looked like a request for ponies
Honest! It was just someone asking for when <,<
No, no one requested for ponies!
voltron?
Nobody asking for ponies. Nope
Right, guys?
Right!
Yep
Right
I've really been meaning to watch Eureka 7. I didn't like Geass all too much.
Honestly though, why would we get complaints for Geass? I don't get it.
mfw Val is still streaming.
AJIsAwesome: Correct
yes we all requested Gen 3.6 pomies
Holy shit.
ponies*
Yep, no ponies here
Caramel: most of the character are assholes for no reason besides the sake of being assholes.
00,10this guy look like a OC mech
:D
Woah
LOL Sumi
otakon: then you aren't paying attention. Nothing more to say
I wonder what Mike's doin 8)
Is this a game?
Yes
/me so confused
yes
Sumica: I don't think it is. Looks like a Gundam to me.
YES! FINALLY HE'S DEAD!
Finally!
God is dead. And we have killed him.
Caramel: how am I not paying attention? Renton gets treated like absolute shit in the first 12 episodes
yay~
Sayonara, Baby
Mission Complete...almost
yaaaaay
00,10No I meen one of the SRW orignal mechs Reikim
for one, it's called hazing. Secondly, he over exaggerates how he's treated
Sumica: I know, and I think it's a Gundam.
what a royal pain
00,10they have there own mech's to fill out the rosters
aand ofc i missed his death
Wait
Infighting?
Reikim: That was Brasta, the main character
00,10not dead
Hazing? I probably wouldn't like it either-
Caramel: Ah, okay. Nvm then.
PUNS R fun :)
Probably intentionally looks like a Gundam, really.
Caramel: are they fighting eachother?
I might check ou Geass- but I rarely watch any anime
Caramel: hazing is still a horrible damn practice.
last time is ..5 years ago? other than stream
Wait, why is he attacking Akuma?
Drop dead already!
wait
Spitfire: No, he's forcing Gaioh to reveal his full power
waht?!
Vivix: code geass is best anime
Caramel: oh
That wasn't even...his final form?
big bad fighting OTHER big bad?
Or actually I did see Deathnote on TV, otehr than that -yeah
Reikim: Nope. :D
Reikim: Of couse not
Reikim: eeyup that's what I was trying to tell you.
twilight_sprinkle, so they say- hm
00,10show me your moves
twilight_sprinkle: eeyep
otakon: I know, I was just being joking.
Show me your hooves!
PAUWNCH!
ouch
ow
/me sits on Sumica
Wait for it
00,10lolwut
wait for it......
:I
What?! :O
what happen?
wat?
00,10bad guy just boom head shot other bad guy
Would be funny if the game just ended here.
betrayel
I'm sure this cutscene is freaking epic for people who can read Japanese.
Vivix: altho if you just like action, you might not like it. it has good action, but a lot of story and character focus too
00,10damn he had another guy
He summoned Lyra! :O
LYRA?
perfect timing
perfect lyra timing
King of the World 1HKO'd the more obvious big bad. But not for good.
...Well that's ugly.
A WILD LYRA HAS APPEARED
TASTE THE RAINBOW
:O
FINAL BOSS LYRA?
Universe attack!
Ded
SON OF A BITCH
00,10it's the rainbow of Darkness
THIS ISN'T EVEN MY FINAL FORM
twilight_sprinkle, actually I tend to get bored of action instantly- so that might be good for me
welp Godking is a goner
It's an anti-rainbow
http://us6.memecdn.com/this-isnt-even-my-final-form_o_488760.jpg
:
o
Goodbye, Godbot.
dammit where is the Elements of Harmony when you need them?
:D
ded
yh he is SO dead
WHAAAAAAAAAA
JESUS
inb4 he lives
over 1 million damage
bye godbot
00,10leaves noting but the fresh sent of pine
The hell?
OSHIT
Who's this guy?
doomed
SO GODDAMN DOOMED
what now
Vivix: then i think youll like it
brb checking on pooch
What the hell is going on?
>_>
I liked their designs at least- so yeah might check it out
WHere he go?
no idea what it is about though
Caramel: im lost .-.
So he fused with the core?
Dat text skip
00,10he missed
FINAL SCRET BOSS: MICHAEL BAY
Wait...what are these options?
Oh
now I just realized
basically
this is the game that never ends
if you choose to accept what he's saying
he becomes level 99
Did you?
lol @ lyra
eeyup
BRB
<.<
But everyone else is lvl 99.
Here´s what happened: Final Form
Caramel: And if you don't accept?
then he's at his regular level 70
Caramel: is DAT the final?
yes, it is
:O
00,10dem buff bots
epic moment
s-force, unite!
Caramel: dat kewl, you kewl
Caramel: What's the benefit of fighting him on level 99?
ANIME
00,10time for some 00 Riser
nothing, it's just harder :P
Sumica: http://cheezburger.com/6531888384
You are one strange pony
Oookay, so somewhere in there, Mylene and Veffidas get their own Valkyries, and they all get to combine with Basara's VF-19?
so wait, he has to redo the whole battle now??
back
lol i just bit my lip again fml
or did he load game
neither
wth just happened
He just has to beat up the newly-summoned mooks.
Tarzan... The last time I saw this was the first time .w.
00,10lockonv2
i don't see death scyth why?
Reikim: well that seems rather pointless..
cause I didn't want it
Sumi's having fun identifying all the different robots.
Is that a rainbow colored godzilla ciborg?
00,10yep
00,10but I dont know the realy old one
Mazinger?
I remember falling asleep in theback of the car at the drive in x3
The weird blue one confounds me.
i see a seapony lyra :D
Who's this one?
The one riding a dragon.
I swear, 90% of the time I watch this, he's fighting mooks. If not mooks, he's fighting just those two specific enemies.
caramel = valthejean?
00,10Getterrobo I presume
Psicologists are stupid douchebags..........
LyraTheMedic eeyup
LYRA WHY YOU NO HELP IN BATTLE TO SAVE THE WORLD?
LyraTheMedic: Yes.
there we go :3
Then I think it was a gunshot in the movie that woke me ouo
00,10no clue
anyone, can someone ping me once we get to the death of the bad guy?
Hey Caramel, is the GaoGaiGar in this one?
he was in a previous game, not this one
twilight_sprinkle
Damn
cachi01|phone: is that a yes? :P
haha
cachi01|phone: Don't be a troll. :D
dat face
Lol
I also miss Gunbuster, unfortunately.
Is that
well anyway someone ping me plz once we get there
I have to watch Getter Robo now.
dat axe
Awwww baby Tarzan X3
Yup, this has been decided. I am watching Getter Robo.
/
the weird goo thi9ng again
is that flan...?
What the heck IS that thing! It's too organic to be a machine!
pudding?
00,10death by gigapudding
why is there a giant flan monster?
Until it can be positively identified, it's just a killer MMMM.
No! Yoko!
Lyncast: Anime
Giant killer MMMM
Reikim: dont worry, her boobies will protect her
I told you all: It´s a rainbow colored godzilla ciborg
Why ISNT there a giant flan monster?
I turn away for just a brief moment, then I turn back and find Yoko...I have no problems with that...lol
SpadeMagnes[R], well, this is Super ROBOT Wars. Not Super big giant stuff that's usually but not always a Robot Wars
lyra, get out of that fireball, its not for seaponys
Seapony Lyra: soon....
Who's this guy?
00,10gundamn wing, but been to long to recall the mech
Shenlong Gundam
It's some version of Shenlong
how many dragon thingys are there?
Someday I'll get around to watching Gundam. Then I'll be able to name all the mechs.
Lyra`: Two left
00,10mech with dreadlocks, seems legit
thats too many, just saying.
:)
Overman King Gainer.
Reikim, there are a lot of series. And a lot of them are alternate universes.
dont you insult King Gainer!
00,10good luck Reikim
did I see gundam epyon?
00,10they have alot of gundamns
"Shibaru is in a tragedy shoujo manga. " Yup. definitely
We're not, Caramel. We're complimenting its awesomeness.
so this is multiverse gundam extravaganza? kind of like the episode of pwower rangers where it was a teamm full of red rangers?
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9qx61qEC81qaplb5o1_500.png
I want to rewatch Wing and then finally catch SEED and 00. I guess I should try to find the DVDs for those fast, since Bandai is stopping their distribution.
00,10ewww seed
The first series I watched was the English dub of Gundam Wing. I totally didn't know it was an AU series.
What was wrong with Seed?
what we watchin
00,10it's a soapopra with mechs
/me has never seen most of the gundams
I think...
00,10every one is in a contest to try and out emo the last guy
The only Gundam I've ever completely seen was Zeta, and only because it came in movie form.
"Cades is in a harem yaoi manga. " Oh my.
Even then, four hours.
Lyra So is the Dynasty Warriors Gundam games. They're even more multiverse than this game
6o.o
O_O
oof
Lyra`, that analogy only fits if you include Kamen Rider, Metal Heroes, and a whole bunch of other Tokustatsu series that also have nothing to do with Super Sentai in this.
dynasty wars :(
Oooh...I just remembered 08th MS Team...that was another one of my favorites.
JESmith71, if it has Gundam in the name, it's probably less multiverse than this.
I'm still looking for a good copy of Char's Counterattack, simply because Nu Gundam was awesome in Dynasty Warriors Gundam 2.
Poop
00,10the icon for the blackknights flag ship always cracks me up
00,10it looks like a fish wearing a pirate hat
>_>
Great, thanks Sumi, now I can't unsee that.
liarjack
i'm back
Sumica, I believe it's the Ikaruga
I see...HOLY SHIT
/me sets a tonberry inside otakon s internet
Space Godzilla on STEROIDS
00,10woooo 000riser
6Hmm..I must say,I always forget what doujinshi is.. >.<
friendship cannon?
6Heya ^^
dammit why couldn't he blow up the pretty boy?
trans-am?
I like th taste of seed
Sumica: Hey, if I were to pick a Gundam to start with, which would be the best? And shortest.
does he have a 6 cyclinder engine?
otakon: cause animes and their pretty boys
If you kno what I mean...
And you're in one too.... -sigh-
Reikim: 08th MS Team is a good one
6xD
uh oh, Universe bots turn
00,10he has two drives otakon
CCCP, you should come over some time :3
CCCP: What.
i just made apple seed jelly :3
00,10i like 00 gundam
hiya Lyra` oh that rhytmed
00,10but it's 52 eps
otakon: they are making an easy mode for dark souls. thoughts?
Ah
Yea, 08th MS team is a good one to start out with. It's only 12 or 13 episodes.
Sumica: what's the one where basically ...well nuclearweapons gundam
OOOOtakon <3
Bronysith: it doesn't need it
Lyra lol
final final boss
00,10ms08 is good
The last 52-ep anime I watched was Soul Eater. Haven't been able to since then.
how do i register this name?
Bronysith: if only they got rid of the cheapness that is the anor londo archer
00,10ot taht sounds like wing
Twilight_sprinkle nothing.... ;)
otakon: the director is doing it for better sales
6xDD
Just came here to say I hate Howard Stern. First, he says all bronies are cloppers, and THEN, he goes and makes a kid cry on national TV. WTF, man?!
Bronysith: FOR SHAME
/
otakon: false
ShadowQuill: shock value
Caramel: well I SAID IIRC
Who next? XD
how long has he been on that mission?
Rainbow Godbot is...kind of corny.
ShadowQuill: He
otakon: cause the "difficulty intimidates and makes people not want to play the game"
and obviously I was rwong
ShadowQuill: He's a joke. Don't even listen to him.
?
6HA!
Bronysith: the ONLY game I won't play bc of difficulty is SMB
otakon: thats the point, WEED OUT CASUALS
SEND IN GANLEON
6*dances*
SEND IN GL!
SEND IN BIG O!
Lyra damn iPad won't let me type the end of your name or tab it
SEND IN LYRA
SEND IN EPYON
get ready to be gender bander shonen mangad
send in the robot from FLCL
6Josei.. *looks_it_up*
whatever that means
00,10but yeah the 00 has a sword so bit it hit a ship in orbit with it
00,10from the surface
Sumica: Is this a thing that happened in the series? Like, actually happened?
6Shonen is a mixture of most genres,isn't it?
this mission is beyond overboard
like seriously
00,10what the game here?
idk
00,10nah
Sumica: Did the 00 actually hit a ship in orbit in the anime?
00,10yes
...
is there a secret boss?
time to make reikim happy
dammit Space Godzilla is STILL nto dead
YES!
00,10with a beamsword
AW SHIT
That series just went up several notches on my to watch list.
YES!
AH YEAH
ahem
6shibaru..? :3
AAAAAAH
YEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAH
GIGA
DRILL
GIGA
?
HISSATSU!!!!!!!!!!!!
DRILLLLL
GIGA!
00,10the guys on the ship comment how they missed with the beam attack
BREAKUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUh
BREEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRR
DRILL!
DRILL
6Shonen is a mixture of most genres,isn't it?
BREAK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
00,10to which they respon it's not a beam shot.
and Lyra pops up at the PERFECT moment
thank you Seapony Lyra
youre welcome babe
00,10I might have to rewatch it now
Hmmm... I guess 8)
Sumica: So much badass. That's going...second on my to watch list now.
<.<
is this music or something?
6Has a bit of action,adventure,comedy,drama and shizzle.. or something :P
6Manga :P
or books
ah ok
oh look
00,10this is another one from 00
It's mostly action and fantasy i think xD
it's the GunCannon revision
and it does shit for damage.
it sucks
6*sigh* Brb..I need to drag myself to my room to get my earphones... ._.
and lyra <3
Lyra`: it's a opener and every little bit helps
lol
welp he's dead
Lyra`: This is the final boss we're talking about here. Everything is going to do shit for damage.
...
ouch
00,10that was't a power attack
damn
one more hit like that and he's toast
00,10did't even go trans-am
47% chance lockon dies
let's see if the RNG likes me
"Mike is in a psychological shounen manga. " Accurate.
Caramel: he's so dead
i remember this one
RNG in these situations have fucked me over so MANY times
Why is this guy build like a brick shithouse?
00,10it's ok we have a spare lockon
What
6Ok,torture is over. :D
Me: 90% chance to hit
lol sumica, this IS the spare :P
>misses
00,10lolwoops
and he lives!
Enemy: 10% chance to hit
he so ded
>hits
so MANY times
Aaaand Lockon lives.
Nope
Hey he lives
Hmmm... who next....
GODDAMN LUCKY BASTARD
00,10gigapuddie
elements of harmony are pretty inaccurate
I hate games that dont tell me how close to death a boss is
6dari?
Caramel: you need to pull back your wounded units man
and Gigapuddie is back
okay the HELL is that thing?
It gets annoying
seriously
the FUCK was that thing?
Gigapiddi!! :D
otakon: you need to not tell me how to play my game man
:D
Caramel: just a suggestion
caramel, make them hug and make up :3
if only Lyra`
MAZINGER!
:D
6That sounds kinda weird..
SpadeMagnes[R]: We can infer based on how much of the bar he loses for the damage he takes. I'm guessing right now, 400 000 to 500 000 health.
http://www.quickmeme.com/meme/3oo2xr/
6Meh,you know what I mean..
ok haha, idk what ur talking about, just ignore me :P
Mazinger Z!
The story would probably be more engaging if anyof us understood japanese
SpadeMagnes[R]: agreed
wtf is that thing?
SpadeMagnes[R]: Definitely.
I'm really not keeping up sorry, am working on homework
Shit
it is hideous
6xD
Revising estimates
6:O
Lyra`: A giant super robot that transforms itself into a giant fist to do damage
Lol
Looks like something around 1 000 000 HP.
The game looks fun but it seems bland without understanding the dialouge
I was thinking something around 1 million hp
Got distracted by tumblr
If only they released an English patch like they did with Mother 3.
ded
SpadeMagnes[R], definitely, but that means that Caramel would have to take a lot longer whenever the dialog pops up
Yea I guess
Caramel is still kicking ass? :D
TUMBLR'S ALWAYS DISTRACTING ME!!!
imma throw the univers at that bitch
Teleport rush!
*universe
AJIsAwesome, are you aware of how much trouble that patch took to make?
ded>
dat 10
6Do you have an account there? :3
Gotta love Wall.
?
LOL
Wal FTW
Kandarihu: I know. It took YEARS to make. I'm just suggesting.
wat
*Wall
Yea
Kandarihu: Besides, it was just a joke.
Well there goes your batteries
Dat desktop
use the blue one!
AJIsAwesome, point taken.
:O
:(
/me likes 100hp to be maximum
That awesome Caramel. :P
6Link me so I can follow you :3
Woah
damnit
?
Crash??
Batteries
tried to find the charger in time
Caramel: video cable crap out again?
ah :(
nice rollercoaster tycoon, btw
Caramel: How bad is it? Did you save?
:l
so close to the end too
00,10doahith
All that progress lost
http://shibaruusagi.tumblr.com/
Caramel: oh no! don't tell me you lost ALL that progress again
:|
Caramel: How far back
meh, seems like it
um
00,10and then the psp learned how to fly
Caramel: doesn't it have in battle saves?
*Spike* NOOOOOOOO!!
Well. Shit.
lol Sumica
it does, but you have to quit out of it to do so
Sweetie Belle: OH COME ON!
Caramel: dammit
Now we have to do that all over
OR
Caramel: that truly TRULY sucks man, this will be the THIRD time you'll have to fight that boss again
we can watch him play warioparty
Hmm, WAITING, it says in the lower right hand corner
Yes
Caramel: /)
YES
:)
Caramel: maybe just get to the final hit of the final boss and quit/save and show us on stream?
Is this a physical PSP or an emulator he's got?
PSP
Kandarihu: Real thing.
hell i should get a PSP emulator
*crys 4 my PSP* so many memories
Caramel: How far are you?
I really REALLY want to try out Persona 1 and 2
oooh final fantasy
Dissidia
2
6Followed ^^
Only 77 hours of playtime? Weak.
Caramel: play as kefka, DO IT
/me needs to get Duodecim on his Vita :D
Yay~
that's labeled 12
DISSIDIA
HOLY SHIT
bc fuck numbers that make sense
6^^
I need to mute the audio for a few minutes somewhere in here.
( ・ω・)
:3
I guess I had my chance, and I missed it.
oh lawl
love ffd
no no no
(」・ω・)」
that's Discord God of Chaos!
^
i remember gettin all the way to Feral Chaos and beating him w/ Zidane lol
Chaos is god of Discord while Discord is god of Chaos
(／・ω・)
man i LOVE the WoL's armor :3
ugh
lipstick
Yoshitaka's designs are shit in 3D
Emperor is a lame character
AW YEAH GOLBEZ
Cecil! yay~
Kefka and Sephiroth are best villains
honestly his artstyle is so damn sketchy it's hard to tell what's what at times
>Sephiroth
lolno
what? NO SABIN!?
NO GODDAMN CYAN
NO GODDAMN SHADO
the clown looking guy?
sephiroth is best pony
00,10well that is one good way to clear up alot of drive space.
no he's a clown
nice metaphore
otakon: i use cyan and sabin in my main party
yeah Laguna! WOO
Bronysith: great characters
otakon: yup
Clown-looking guy = Kefka
What's this? Dissidia 012 on stream? yay
00,10just removed my windows.old folder
Kuja is best villain
DIE YOU WHINY BITCH
CrimsonPeewee: BAHAHAHAHAH no
also, hello you people of today
Bronysith, he's FABULOOOOOOOOOOOUDS
The fuck was that thing?
CrimsonPeewee: have you seen kefka?
Sumica: How much space did you clear?
Jecht is best brony
KEFKA
lalli ho Dken2021
KEFKA IS BEST VILLAIN
Dken2021: Hello! :)
00,10300gig
Bronysith, is Kefka Fabulous?
no?
Gabranth but no Fran
then shush
Sumica: :O
who is THAT?
CrimsonPeewee: kefka destroyed the world
Lightning
light?
CrimsonPeewee: thats best villain in my book
While Kuja stayed FABULOOOOOOOOOOUS
what no antagonist from FF13?
VI is the only Final Fantasy I really beat. My mom loved hearing the music, but she HATES HATES HATES Kefka's laugh and his theme.
otakon: the game sucked
Kuja is.....something
CrimsonPeewee: it still freaks me out his statuette has boobs
Bronysith: I liked it
Caramel: THANK YOU
dat fat chocobo
...are you playing AS Kefka?
Bronysith, you very easy to get trolled
00,10well I was waiting to see the end of that boss fight but as it died.
he is
00,10I will be back in a bit
the clown O_O
good night Sumica
Waggle Wobbly Firaga?
what?
FF6 was a great game story wise
^
Well, mom reaps what we sow.
what's wrong Kandarihu?
00,10just geting dinner Bronysith
Firaga, Extra-Crispy
Love it
Well that's it for me guys. Night everypony!
Tata Obsid
take care Obsidian
...ian.
*Squall* "Real men let a clown run around them in circles...and enjoy every second of it."
not only does the party fight kefka, they LOSE to kefka, he wins, destroys the world and generally makes a bad day for EVERYONE
Bronysith, but in all seriousness I enjoy Golbez alot for being such a...bro
MFW I forget to hit tab.
GET IT
otakon, I just explained how my mom hates every iota of Kefka. So who does Caramel play as? Kefka.
http://derpy.me/3EpCG
alright, looks like I start my first job on saturday *flutteryay*
6If I leave the light on while I'm on the computer,will it tire my eyes more or not? >.<
oh? is thgis dissidia?
though crowd
yep
EVERYPONY i have finished my Discord sketch /)^3^(\
Kandarihu: but you're suppposed to hat ehim
*Cloud*"Only a REAL MAN talks to another MAN! RRRGH" *Jecht*"RRRGGHH...I like ponies. :3"
Kandarihu: he's the villain
i dont think so
play as sephiroth!
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Jecht would kick the crap out of Cloud for being a little emo babi.
no
OH SHIT
oh well this is fine too
SHIT IS GETTING REAL
OH GOD NO
btw
otakon: shall we run for our lives?
Ultimate showdown
I haven't played in ages
>Sephiroth
BEST VILLAIN VERSUS MOST FAVORITE VILLAIN
so I'm probably going to look like an idiot
ah the crazed lunatic vs the momma's boy
PFFFHAAAAAHAHAHHAHA
Caramel: remember to have fun
btw Caramel do you have ff7:cc for psp?
6Ok,that's good..
otakon i know lol theres a parody of dissidia on machinima and jecht os an epic brony in it lol
tbh, Kefka is the only villian I know that actually does destroy the world
/me puts otakon in vault 74
otakon: pfffft fun is for nooooobs
Sketch_Toku_Brony: awesome
otakon: now you are safe
KICK HIS PRETTY BOY ASS
this that naruto game?
Ryunosuke not destroy, more like ruff it up a bit
put me in vault 68 :3
a bit?
trine is a nasty move
a'www
she got kicked
huh
oh and dat music
the world was esentially dieing
there yu are
Lyra`: I thought you got kicked
he destroyed towns for shits and giggles
The only thing that annoys me about Duodecim is that the removed the ability to break combos with EX mode.
did i?
they should have put Sora in this for shits and giggles
also its funny how sephiroths moves are worse in hard mode
my computer has been acting weird
otakon: What has Lyra` been doing? I haven't been paying attention.
Lyra`: maybe, the client likes to kick for colors and underlines
00,10Gonna see if I can get 00 gundam in english for stream
AJIsAwesome: nothing
AAAAAAAAW SHIT
oh god
Ouch
otakon: Oh, okay.
Sumica: i love you
yeah, didnt mean too, my computer is pushing weird buttons
Sumica: If you do find a decent place...PM me?
well, sure, but nobody actually died from it, well except the emperor and the children's parents
/me puts a slug in Sumica s ear
Hmm, I'm getting periodic freezing again.
It was most boring end of the world ever
Discord increases damage! :D
Lyra`: lol
C'mon Caramel you can do it!
gooooo sephiroth!
so whos winning
00,10oh I already found a place RedHelper
00,10tabfail
otakon: who do you think is best final fantasy hero? i personally think terra is best cause SHE ISNT TIDUS
00,10Reikim
why wait is sephiroths voice female?....
*wait why
Sumica: PM?
I can't tell what the numbers are for
00,10same place i get all my anime
YOU'LL BE WELL DONE
Caramel, wants to end in style
I like it
The numbers mason
6*imaginary_dance*
/me slaps SpadeMagnes[R]
yeah get EX up in here!
00,10Nyaa.eu
SpadeMagnes[R]: thats a reference to a bad game and you should feel bad
Bronysith: hmmm good question. My favorite is Steiner tbh but "best" hero overall has to be Terra for sure
...Huh, I've been here before.
i may have never played any final fantasy, but are those kefka and sephiroth fighting?
desertman2: basically the numbers mean how much damage your attack will do. there are attacks that lower those numbers or that do direct damage
*literal dance*
YOU'LL BE WELL DONE
The english dub is also available through Crunchyroll
Buytoast ja
Buytoast: Yep.
what kind of ass pandering game is this?
How is Dissidia? Is it good?
ah man
thanks, I don't have a PSP, so I was never able to play this
11,01Pouring down outside.
desertman2: desertman2: if your opponent knocks those numbers belows zero he gets a bonus
Buytoast Squeenix answer to a fighting game
Nittany_Discord: Hope it lets up soon.
...somehow
You join a PF2 server and the nas so as you get out on the battlefeild and nopony is fighting insted they are making a giant tower outta each other :P
/me 6refuses to stand up if it is not necessary.
twilight_sprinkle: Not where I am. Scorching hot here. :|
Nittany_Discord: unfortunately the rain here was lame and only lasted 30 minutes <.<
Kefka " Life...Dreams...Hope...Where do they come from? And where do they go? None of that junk is enough to fulfill your hearts! Destruction...Destruction is what makes life worth living! Destroy! Destroy! Destroy! Let's destroy everything!"
*and as
Yay for Mike replying
AJIsAwesome: sucks
^-^
6^^
AJIsAwesome i LOVE it its pretty fun plus a couple old school costumes *Classic Red FF1 WoL,Freelancer Bartz,After Years Golbez,etc.*
This doesnt seem to be going anywhere
DJ_POn-3 ah, kinda neat
SpadeMagnes[R]: i actually think caramel is screwing around
SpadeMagnes[R], watch the purple meter
DJ_POn-3: That's very good. :D
I know what he wants to do
DJ_POn-3: I meant :O
Dken2021: im not a pro
but it'll take time
DJ_POn-3: Stupid emotes. :|
6Kimi wa kimi dake shika inai yo..... ♪
6BWAHA
AJIsAwesome: ya ikr
from what i saw in the demo and from watching now, sephiroth seems terrible underpowered in this game
Ohai Nittany_Discord
DJ_POn-3 still somewhat better than me
dat HP
Sumica: How do you tell what kind of translation they've got?
So BREAK is when you can deal direct damage right?
Dken2021:what did ypu make :)
otakon: why must sephiroths blade BE 7 FUCKING FEET LONG?!
AJIsAwesome: no break is when your attack numbers go below zero
*you
11,01Yes Ponies47?
AJIsAwesome: your opponent gets a bonus for that
Has anypony played Slender?
its going to suck if sephiroth gets EX
Nittany_Discord: I said hi :P
11,01Hi.
Fluttershy6194: yes
So how do you deal direct damage?
is this the first or second disidia game?
Nittany_Discord: hi aniki i am back from dragoncon
soon
second
Nittany_Discord!, im ban evading, get me :3
im a bad girl :3
kefka is op
Is Slender a scary game?
twilight_sprinkle: Yep. :D
Nittany_Discord: ogod why https://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/644654_4660472676291_1130321691_n.jpg
and sephiroth is so underpowered...
Nittany_Discord: how are you and welcome
Fluttershy6194: It's more shock than scary. Plus there's no point to it.
Nittany_Discord, babe, dont ignore me, i thought we had something special :(
Fluttershy6194: not if you play it at day time with happy music.
:)
AJIsAwesome well there are 2 attacks ya can do. Bravery *Circle* takes numbers off the enemy's Brave *Numbers on top of health* and Direct *Square* does the amount in Brave *4421=4421 damage to HP*
lol does sephiroth have 1hp
>1
break is when they cant do shit to you
damn
Sketch_Toku_Brony: Okay. Thanks. :)
twilight_sprinkle: he has last chance
boy this fight is dragging out longer than a search for a missing white child from a wealthy influential family
Who's Val fighting against/as?
twilight_sprinkle: and as long as you have brave points you don't take health damage
otakon: why did they make sephiroth so weak in this game <.<
otakon: i know the system
VICTORY FOR THE BEST VILLAIN
;)
you know
Reikim: fighting Sephiroth as Kefka
Kuja is best villain
Ah
Kefka = the Joker of Final Fantasy
twilight_sprinkle: so weak?
is this Dysidia 1 or 2?
2
012
ah
damn
AJIsAwesome no prob :$ kinda played this alot before trading in my psp,man i need to get it on psn for my vita now! :D
My personal favourite to play as is Tifa in her AC costume. SO much badass.
hiya Rain how are ya?
otakon: yeah.
dat Rain :3
Rain <3
allo Rain
PLAY GILGAMESH
ello Rain
Also fun: Tidus. Little bastard is fast and overpowered.
Squall?
why
...whatever
Because Squall is awesome.
because Squall is a fucking badass
why not?
leon
Reikim, I disagree
Squall was also completely broken in the first game.
Hello everyone, I see its Dissidia time :3
Reikim, Rain ...whatever
hai oni_link
umm what?
my best character in Dysidia
Hi there oni_link
Hey oni_link!
squall... is badass?
Reikim: NO SPOILERS
what?
how does a gunblade even function?
I JUST STARTED 8 NO SPOILERS PLEASE
CrimsonPeewee: I only say that because in the first game he had infinite Beat Fang combos. I defeated soooo many bosses that way.
hai Dken2021 and Rommulus
/me hugs Ponies47
hi!
Bronysith: THE MAIN HERO DIES
9Thx for following backk ^^
:o
Reikim, ...whatever
oni_link: Hi! :)
was that
ah, the big bad of the first game
9*back*
"Spyro is in a drama shoujo manga." HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAA
THAT VOICE
9o.o
lol dat Goliath
hey AJIsAwesome! :)
it WAS
otakon: ...I'm pretty sure it was.
IT IS
HOLY SHIT
X3
Chaos is a decent villian tbh
/me Hugs oni_link back "You are not going to believe what I found while playing MvM yesterday!"
Zidan is also a fun character to play as
I did NOT expect him to voice Chaos
I would like Warrior of Light more
otakon: why are gunblades awesome?
lol otakon you silly when ya fangasm :D
Bronysith: bc they're cool looking
/me 4is bored.
CrimsonPeewee, I think dissidia needs more Black Belt :)
Ponies47: hehe I probably wont until I see it. what is it??
otakon, who's voicing Chaos?
Bronysith becasue they have a confusing concept
Does anyone know of a psp emulator?
i was like that too the first time i play this :$
I so want to play these games...
oni_link: I found the high five taunt! :3
why are you doing bravery attacks when you are in break?
The weird ass is bored
they do nothing and an HP attack gets you out of break
Ponies47: wow, for reals?? :o
CrimsonPeewee: I forget the guy's name, but he's Captain Anderson from Mass Effect.
damn
man i hate divine punishment and soul of oblivion
woah
oh....mass effect
oni_link: For reals :3
...whatevr
it's...dammit WHY CAN'T I REMEMBER HIS NAME?
Keith David?
round 2, FIGHT
yes
otakon: Who?
Keith David
also LAG
Chaos a furry now?
is that keith david voice?
Ponies47: Im so jelly D:
yes it is
Fun fact: Cecil is played by...someone.
oh not yet
I forgot who.
:O
DAMMIT.
oni_link: You can high five me the next time we play. :3
Reikim, imdb
lol everytime he does that kick it sounds like he's sayin "BULL SHI-!" :D
Cecil is Yuri Lowenthal
get sum
keith david in a japanese game :O
YURI LOWENTHAL
Ponies47: awesome! :) I was really tempted to buy that taunt XD
http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0523180/
That was who.
man i LOVE this song!
Hello there. ^^
Chaos is a wierd villian in that he is more of a powerful summon more than anythiing
XD
Cecil is Prince of Persia
Shit just got confusing
xD
:o
Chaos wasn't even that hard of a final boss in the first game
oni_link: I couldn't believe you can find that taunt. But I guess you can. It's just all luck.
imagine if G4 and G1 had to team Dissidia style to fight Chaos o_0
Dken2021: well in the absolute ORIGINAL version he was
You should see how confusing it had gotten a while back..we had all changed our names and were impersonating whatever we could think of..
Sketch_Toku_Brony, you mean Discord?
bc of limited healing items/magic/cure all of his HP bull
haha
In Dissidia, Chaos is a goddamn asshole.
Sec,I'll send the screenies :P
k
CrimsonPeewee lol no i mean THIS Chaos
Ponies47: I think I wanna buy it XD that was soooo lucky though!
otakon: and the giant dungeon you had to go through before him
Sketch_Toku_Brony, horrible crossover
well duh, that game was pretty much unplaytested and had stats that didn't; work
oni_link: IKR? :p
NullRadix: and the random boss battles
think of it like this
Limit Break!
oh no, boss battles weren't random
dat timing
huh uhh huh uhhh huh uhhh
Chaos ... = Discord :)
Val, if you had the first one, we could play over Adhoc (assuming you also have a ps3)
woot got my graduation certificate in the mail
CrimsonPeewee yeah Discord and maybe that G1 guy would be neat to fight?
there were specific tiles on the floor that had the boss battles
everytime I look at this game, I think of Sanity Not Included :D
Tirak I believe
I have no idea whats going on stream
yeah i think so
Ponies47: yeah, I tried making a new weapon and it wasnt worth it
11Idk why,but my current nickname amuses me.
he's not so much out to distroy anythiing per se, it is just out to spread... Chaos.. .and Discord :)
I lost sandvich
oni_link: Oh dear :S
oni_link, that's simple you only saw sample of this game in that webshow
oh my
oh Shit
man Feral Chaos was CRAZY in Scenario 00
dat's a BIGGUN
otakon: NOT BIG ENOUGH
euh euh euh
oh god
Ponies47: its alright though, Ill come across one again soon. And I dont use it that much anyways :P
oh shit
lol ak47 is not known as ak47 with silencer XD
13rain rain~<3
now*
/me 13pounces rain~
lol that was lame
Shizuka: I found a picture of you!
oni_link: I do :P
/me snuggles with Shizuka <3
11That was me :P
Ohai Shizuka!
hax
shizu shizu.....oh
Hey, Shizu\
ohai Shizuka, Rain
again?
CrimsonPeewee: Yeah I wanna play this so bad. I dont have a psp though.
awesome :P
well at least Discord doesnt turn into something like THAT 0_o
11:P ^^
....yet
Sketch_Toku_Brony, he could though
:p
13otakon: nuh uh
dat lyra
yeah and then it gets all Pony Laggan! :D
otakon: link it
I remember it took me AGES to figure out how to avoid all of Chaos' attacks.
http://cdn.themis-media.com/media/global/images/library/deriv/109/109993.jpg Shizuka uh huh!
and here comes the kill shot
damn that hurt
13well
Ponies47: I do if im playing by myself but i can do without it. I never got around to asking you what the specs for your desktop were now that I remembered.
Firaja?
more like Flare
13it's a close resemblance
"Penis is in a gender bender josei manga. " PENIS IS NOW KNOWN AS VAGINA
all these characters make think why in hell is sephiroth so much weaker than all of them
which was the big non-elemental kill spell before Ultima and Meteor showed up
I dunno lol
See, this is why you need a character like Warrior of Light with his brave-to-HP combos.
twilight_sprinkle: bc he's a clone/virus mix with pearly white hair?
woah, mindfuck O_o
twilight_sprinkle, because he never did anything for himself
lol
dammit again?
otakon: I remember flare! I saw it in FFX
DODGE!
otakon: but hes an awesome clone/virus with pearly hair >:I
11xDDD gender bend failsus!
I love this attack
So much fun
twilight_sprinkle: -___-
Nope, val..
ouch
twilight_sprinkle, there are way more better villains than sephiroth
You rolled into the attack
so is he almot dead yet?
Shizuka: also I saw another charcter with that name..in Queen's Blade. She's an oni...
sephiroth just got insane and obsess with his mother
/me shivers
he's a mommyboy
13shizuka ist not an uncommon name silly filly
/me 11is bored.
what game is this?
Finally
/me when queen's blade is mentioned
oni_link: 2.60 GB processer, 1 terabit of memory (Also have a external hard drive to gimme extra 500 GB) and 6 gigabit's of ram :3
CrimsonPeewee: maybe, but he was one of the first ones with a story like his. and hes still awesome. hes certainly better than any other character in ff7
otakon: ...You watched Queen's Blade.
Reikim: on impulse
DISCORD
Discord's dream hell yeya
Reikim: for the hell of it
Golbez had something
Discord
wut :I
Okay otakon
Discord's Hopes?
Kefka had a story
can ya fight Feral Chaos Caramel?
i love queens blade
And why did you KEEP watching, otakon?
he took discords dreams and hopes...
Must be a Chocolate Milk of Glass
queen's blade... the memories :)
Ponies47: is it a Intel or AMD processor? and what about the Graphics? also, thats pretty good :P
I love seapony Lyra.
Reikim: no I stopped just before the opening ended actually
watching queen's blade on inpulse wha?
/me has intel graphics
Sure, otakon.
I did
AW SHIT
That's why you know about some character named SHizuka.
LET'S JUMP
ney guy
SURE.
I haven't watched an entire episode yet
I learned from the horror of Eiken club
so what game is this?
/me continues to be disbelieving.
THE HORROR
im back, i miss anything... magic
so much blantant fanservice can ruin it for a guy
Rustymeat some kind of fighting game fro msquare enix
its okay
oh yeah! Kain's VA also voices War in Darksiders. ah memories
jump jump jump jump
Reikim: seriously i haven't watched more than 30 seconds of it
otakon: in what? are we talking anime? i want in
Mm-hm.
/me hugs oni_link
*need to see 2nd season queens blade*
funny how vita has no awesome games like this
cratorkid: Queen's Blade, very fanservice heavy anime.
Ha!
^
it's on Crackle but their service sucks
otakon: heards about it , its f'ing hentai
Reikim: what?
intel graphics can handle games quite well :I
QB isn't fanservice-heavy. It's fanservice INCARNATE.
I haventt been compelled to buy a Vita. I have a 3DS and that just collects dust too..
cratorkid: actually no it's not, not a single sex scene
twilight_sprinkle :( its gonna have sly cooper... :$
cratorkid: at most it's ecchi bc just boobs and butts
otakon: How do you know?
oni_link, I play my ambassador GBA games right now :3c
Reikim: bc it's not listed as hentai IIRC
otakon: crackle sucks because of the ADs
LunerRepublicGuard: it sucks bc it won't load
otakon: like kiss x sis , it might as well be
and also play Theathrythm cause I'm a suck-up on rhythm games
Yea, Queen's Blade isn't hentai as much as it is ecchi
otakon: that sh*t was weird
AND Final Fantasy has gorgeous music
ah, we have Final fantasy's batman
I don't know it
CrimsonPeewee: I lost my GBA and all I have is Sapphire :/ I miss it
11Yeah,quite a few :P
Dken2021: Kain?
ya
CrimsonPeewee: Nobuo Uematsu. Wins.
oh this character
hes cool
and then he was Sean Connery?
NICE MUSIC
and le awesome musics
Noduo Uematsu...oh that's the guy that compose FF music
He sounds like Sean Connery
is that Cecil?
i wish i hadnt broken my psp <.<
you shud get em to come back here
this stage....
I hate it so much
Oh hey
CrimsonPeewee: Nobuo Uematsu and he left with Hironobu Sakaguchi and Akira Toriyam to make Mistwalker studios
twilight_sprinkle: same here
Chaos is now a furry
4Sec,let me see if any are on msn..
oh
CrimsonPeewee: you haven't seen Freya Cresent have you?
jump is now an attack
I never could master Cecil.
Come on Jump
one of the few stages sephirorh is actually dangerous...
otakon, Freya wha?
^
4I'd check fb but I can't be seen online at this hour,especially since I'm supposed to be exhausted.
otakon: Actually, Uematsu's doing his own thing, though he's working heavily with Sakaguchi.
Sephiroth is over rated
CrimsonPeewee: FFIX, Freya Crescent was a Dragoon in it.
what SpadeMagnes[R] said
MIMIC. god I love that one~
oooooh
The WORST stage in Dissidia, though, has to be Planet's Core. TOO DAMN SMALL.
I like my Kain more though
4There's no one on..
Jesus
JUMP KAIN JUMP
wooo
yes yes, i know hating sephiroth is popular nowadays. i think ill avoid the bandwagon thankyouverymuch
you didn't....jump
;-;
/me laptop cant handle minesweeper >_>
He jumped a lot of time
yikes
Feral Chaos' EX is CRAZY
Kain would totally be a pegasus
Caramel: Play as Tifa.
I remember that they made the weapon master nut suck as much in this one
gaara y u in ff?
Oh shit
gaara was kewl
lolwat matchup
not*
TERRA <#
I wanna see how fast Tidus can be :3
Doesnt this game pull a dick move in the tutorial that makes you fight Feral Chaos?
terra <3
blood with a hint of leamon is good :)
SpadeMagnes[R]: If you claim you're confident.
Bronysith, calm your fan-gasm down a lil bit
aw :( ok
terras super mode is being nude :D
I love me some Terra :3
Thats sych a asshole move though
CrimsonPeewee: NEVAH
oni_link: Intel and HD 6530D graphics (I hope I got that right :S)
twilight_sprinkle, furry nude?
Um
or is that Zidane only?
who doesn't love tera, especially that esper forme?
What happened
wut
what
wat?
Blast
lolwat
0_o
wtf
CrimsonPeewee: idk, somewhat? she looks mostly human
Her theme is also my single favorite song in the franchise, followed by Dancing Mad and Liberi Fatali
THAT MOVE
long range magic users
https://i.chzbgr.com/completestore/12/8/7/9NIravgrxE2AIeCuhm0RYA2.jpg
Spaaaaam
heheh
WHERE???
DJ_POn-3: STOP TAKING MY JOB
here
Rustymeat: WHERE GODDAMNIT
Bronysith: what i posted back before
HERE
wuts your favorite EX in Duodeium Caramel?
/me 9has been arrowed in the knee
I think this is the part where I fell asleep XD
Haax! She dodged out of Tornado! That's impossible!
FFFFFFUUUUUUUU
dat lyra
or maybe shes saying hear
4D:
Ponies47: do you know how much Video memory that thing has?
or maybe heir
you know of ALL the characters in the FF series
Bear
near
they could have had WAY more character
leer
beer
or at least more skins
fear
snear
gear
queer
oni_link: I forget ;_;
peer
otakon: DLC. Also, making movesets is difficult, see Fighting is Magic.
Is this the first game or the sequel?
beer
why is power girl fighting alextraza?
tear
FFIV is best FF cause you could visit Luna
For some reason I thought this was one of those 3D Touhou fighters.
Buytoast: cause terra is best final fantasy hero
Ponies47: aw its alright, have you messed around with your resolution on TF2 though?
I will still maintain that FF5 is my favourite.
WindWhistler, there's no 3d Touhou fighter
otakon irk? i wanted at least Auron or even Wedge and Biggs *as joke characters* i mean even Zell from FF8
CrimsonPeewee: Yeah. They're just fangames though.
Reikim, interesting choice
CrimsonPeewee: Actually...there is.
not official
Well, yeah
VI has been my favorite ever since the first time I played it.
CrimsonPeewee: I just love it. Especially the system.
I still need to play the older 8 and 16 bit games...
11DEAR GOT
11FAIL
oni_link: Nope. Works just fine :P
Well anyways I'm gonna go practice my cello.
11*DEAR GOD
Some one die allready
meh
rawr
takes WAY too long
oh, is there an actual 3d touhou fighting game? cause if so, the fans are very dedicated
darkness of gravity
This dissidia?
sphere
Barbetos: indeed
Ponies47: thats awesome :) how much did you end up spending?
4ROAR ZABIMARU
Hah. Thats funny. I have NEVER seen this game ever.
Just a few pics
for now Touhou is still vastly dedicated to their thing then Brony
i played the demo
brigadier
vastly more
The music gives it away
twas lotsa fun. minus sephiroth being weak as hell
oni_link: About $500 (Thing was on sale)
yeah EX~!
/me hums Lavender Town music to give everyone nightmares
also i hated garland
dat lyra
twilight_sprinkle: Sephiroth gets deadly if you give him the right moves. Same with Garland.
Ponies47: oh cool. I still have to wait awhile longer to get mine
twilight_sprinkle, dem blocks?
oni_link: Awww. :<
maybe like next month
the Lavender Town music gives Freddy Kruger nightmares
Reikim: well garland is very strong. but sephiroth? i dont see how, his bravery attacks are so weak compared to others, and on hard he doesnt even have his aoe
Sigh
13WAZZUP DUUUUDES!?
Ponies47: its alright though, by then Ill have it and then I can sell this laptop too.
zzzzz
oni_link: Yay! :3
ultima is fun move
Esper!
twilight_sprinkle: That's the thing. You're playing with premade movesets. In the full game you can control what moves he gets. He's fast and has quite good range, with the right moveset.
nude mode!
YEAH
twilight_sprinkle: You also get equips that increase power and so on.
YES
THAT FINISH
finally
at the last second
Reikim: ah, well maybe.i only played the demo. unfortunately my psp broke so thats that :(
Ponies47: I know, its gonna be awesome! Ill finally be able to run Skyrim and all my other games XD
Man, you guys like your furries.
Some of these fights go on for way too fucking long
This girl is best Zora
Reikim half furry to be exact
oni_link: SO AWESOME! /)^3^(\
heeeh she looks more like a plant girl than anything
oi Caramel play as sephiroth
twilight_sprinkle: Yeah, the full game is much better. Although I, too, logged dozens of hours in the demo :)
spade: I haven't played in months, give me a break...jesus
uhh guys, i turned on my computer and theres a bunch of colors and shit all over the screen
some sort of final fantasy fighting game?
Reikim, I am a furry
Oh its Terra?
Sorry Caramel
Took me a second
Caramel: Tifa please?
hai Athgaar, ya
yaaay
I want Gilgamesh
i am a furry reikim
Reikim: "logged"?
trying to take a pic of it but my phones being retarded
Gilgamesh please
ha
wat a match up
oh come one
7:O
Ponies47: haha I know! I cant wait. MvM lags bad when I have alotta of enemies on screen
wouldve been funnier if it were sephiroth vs aerith
twilight_sprinkle: Played. It's an affectation. The game logs your hours. Thus, I have "logged" x number of hours on a game.
twilight_sprinkle: I see what you did there XD
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/4569/
Reikim: ah k. loved the demo, wish i had the chance to play the ful lversion, looks super
level 100 sephiroth
i think ill just leave it for now :P
Oh look its that song...
what's it holding
mfw One Winged Angel
^
ohh lux i knew i would love using that laser
oh, perfect, even his theme's playing
otakon: this is a kickass theme though right?
say what you want about the villains, but one-winged angel is best villain song.
The Dissidia arrange is far and away the best.
7:3
choice band sunnybeam sephiroth op
I would laugh so hard if caramel makes himself lose on purpose
A sword that long just seems counter productive
Tifa has the potential to be the strongest character in ff7 most of the time.
twilight_sprinkle: As you can see, his Bravery attacks are fast and with little to no warning. He can eat your Brave with the best of them.
SpadeMagnes[R]: bitch please
SpadeMagnes[R]: eh, its like anime
SEPHIROTH
oh yeah
that reminds me
counter
at the end of october I'm going at Video Games Live
love One winged angel
Reikim: yeah but theyre so weak
she is gettting her ass kicked
twilight_sprinkle: You ARE seeing the damage he's doing with it, right?
Suddenly Sora (／・ω・)
7Naked Flea ftw ._.
Reikim: other characters do like 4k bravery per hit
Sora?
no limit break 4 u
uh its Vaan from FF12
Next we should see Tidus vs Jecht
PLEASE DONT TELL ME IM MISSING A KH STREAM
nope
No
"you look good"?
twilight_sprinkle: That's against underleveled characters. What you have to understand about Dissidia is that characters have levels and equipment.
cachi01|phone, Dissidia
phew
is he hitting on her?
cachi01|phone no dearie
cachi01|phone, btw Dissidia>KH
chat derped... >.>
cachi01, now you've got me thinking of the one time I ever went up against Sephiroth in KH...
So what the heck do you have to do to actualy put a dent in the health?
preeeetty
ded
M-M-M-M-MONSTERMILL!!!
Reikim: well i hope youre right, in the demo i was dissappointed *shrug*
that took longer than expected
KILL*
CrimsonPeewee which dissidia? First one or duodecim?
shes ded
for shame Sephiroth
Waah
Quack
lol
both?
I went after him at something like level 40
maybe Duodecim though
Kweh?
twilight_sprinkle: The reason he sucks in Hard mode is because, well, it's hard mode, so the enemies are all higher-leveled. The only thing really annoying about Sephiroth is that his HP moves are really easy to counter.
GNIGHT everypony
since more characters and balance and all
CrimsonPeewee i mean which is being streamed lol
keep kicking ass Caramel
I lived long enough to get his health bar to start dropping...lol
Onion knight!
Duodecim
Random!
Caramel: Tifa.
all random
GILGAMESH
reikim is hard mode is so easy >_>
knocking people all down
Reikim: yeah and he loses his aoe move in hard mode, although his aoe move was weak as it is
Whooo Lightning was my second choice :3
GNIGHT everypony
lawl lightning
Bronysith: Night! :)
CrimsonPeewee btw dissidia = KH both are awesome :)
night Bronysith
nighty Bronysith
So whats the deal with the fat chocobo?
bye Bronysith
Night bronysith
night bronysith
night Bronysith
LIGHTING IS WORST HERO
hey everypony
SpadeMagnes[R] it's...just a fat chocobo
twilight_sprinkle: AGAIN, that's because Hard mode gives you preset moves to make your life more difficult. Build him right in the main game and he's mid-tier.
hai Pearly
KH has more faggots
hey pearly
<.<
Reikim: aw but mid-tier is meh-tier :S
BRB Bath
twilight_sprinkle: In Dissidia, any character's moveset is fully customizable. Down to inputs.
hey LunerRepublicGuard and Dken2021
how are you dears doin'?
twilight_sprinkle: If you want a high-tier character, learn to use Exdeath.
swell Pearly, same for you?
does anyone remember the combo to change lightning's stances?
Reikim: i dont even know what that is :$
yup yup
Caramel: Right trigger.
Or
No
pearly: smashing
screw you garland
Caramel: It's...uh...something to do with left or right trigger and a button.
how is he over level 100
I want to say like, left trigger and circle
CrimsonPeewee i cant beat the fucking emperor with yuna lol
but I don't remember
what's the level cap
twilight_sprinkle: An ever tree and armour
Caramel: Sounds right.
CrimsonPeewee im stuck in that part
Reikim: man this game sounds like tons of fun
Athgaar: 100 for players, 150 for bosses/enemies.
00,03Not enough nubetoobs in this game :[
gunblades ftw
and dat musiks
night gusy
Ohey Scoot-Scootaloo *hugs*
hiya Scoot-Scootaloo and that's what Ultima is for
guys
bye alexxm
Howdy Everypony
night alexxm sleep wel
...nubetoobs?
Scoot-Scootaloo: haha you would and hi
00,03why do you leave as soon as I get on alexxm? :'(
cachi01|phone, grind
hiy MrMalk how's the dark and dim state of Texas?
NIght, alexxm
nghty alexxm
night alexxm
ohai scoot-scootaloo
MrMalk: Hello!
When did Garland have a damn Spear?
otakon: I live in Texas......:(
Scoot-Scootaloo... how are you?
And MrMalk
Damn chest pain
ohai scoots
cachi01|phone: Which part?
alexxm: he doesnt like you. i dont like you either! be careful, we're wanted men in 7 galaxies!
00,10is she saying bisarro?
otakon its not dark and dim its nice
7Still? D:
alexxm: nvm, misping <.<
otakon: Because he's Garland that's why.
00,03I had an awesome first day~
Sumica: blizzara
Yea
7>.<
what character is that?
Reikim: does dissidia have multiplayer?
Scoot-Scootaloo: How did it go?
twilight_sprinkle: Local wireless only, unfortunately.
twilight_sprinkle, yes
00,10lightining from ff13
even online
Scoot-Scootaloo: I meant what happened?
wait
I think online....
CrimsonPeewee: No.
nah
aw
but with adhoc party yes
why i get so many pings?
Unfortunately, Dissidia only supports adhoc.
^^
otakon: Because we're trying to goad you into a kick.
00,03I met some cool people, got an okay schedule, and especially some new lady friends ;)
Hello! I'm back!
:kickcount otakon
Reikim: otakon has been kicked 11 times
hai Dark92Enigma
Still?
Scoot-Scootaloo: already? dayum dawg, you fast
So he hasn't been kicked in that many days?
I HAVE BEEN KICKED BY BERRYPUNCH ELEVEN TIMES
Scoot-Scootaloo: suertudote.....:)
that's all that means
00,10lol he just rolled you out of an ex mode Caramel
Punch count
Hello, everypony...
Yeah, and it hasn't gone up in three days, otakon.
I used to use XBconnect before I had Xbox Live and it had psp support too, It was for the Ad-Hoc only games and it pretty much filled the void. Ah, good times :3
Scoot-Scootaloo gets all the ladies.
It's never gunna stop hurting, is it?
undergaaar
Thundaga
otakon that's nothing! I got kicked 158 times!
00,03That's just how I roll~ B)
That acting...
So otakon has not been kicked in three days.
she says spells so weird
Reikim: no but by the mod bots
00,10that reminds me
Ah
Sumica: what?
00,10:kickbot 6 9
Sumica: Setting kickbot to 6 messages in 9 seconds
AZARATH MITRION ZINTHOS!!!!!!!
nuuuuu
Hello, everypony.....
:kickbot
Reikim: This command requires at least 2 parameters.
00,03lolol 69 lolol
Ha
hai Slendermane
Scoot-Scootaloo: So much MLG the ladies can't handle it
Lolol
Dark92Enigma: Azarath Metrion Zynthos
Hey Slendermane :3
hello slendermane :O
Sumica: the hell why?
otakon: Point taken. haven't seen Teen Titans in a looooooooooooooong time
like 6 in 10 isn't bad enough
Dark92Enigma: me neither, liked that show.
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9u5yhFAaA1ru5991o8_1280.jpg roflmao
:O ooooh!!
omg that made my night
hi Slendermane
Barbetos poor discord
whats the numbers in the middle for?
LunerRepublicGuard: time limit
Oh
i guess
But it's going up
Dken2021 his pain makes me so happy though, so eh.
Barbetos: haha aww that actually made me feel bad for Discord
00,10numbers in middle are bonus damage for breaking
Whyyyy must GW2 update again?
LunerRepublicGuard: my mistake
Barbetos but he had everything planned, then an annon ruined the surprise :(
Sumi Sumi :3
oni_link I should feel bad for laughing my ass off, to the point of crying, but I am not.
It makes me laugh harder if I think about it.
00,10LadyCanary <3
Barbetos, people would need to see the whole arc
^_^
13canary canary~<3
00,10Caramel is just toying with this guy
but yeah that picture was awesome to end the arc
Because it shows that ArenaNet actually cares about how well the game runs these first few weeks after launch. I think they had a lot more people than expected.
LunerRepublicGuard: When you reduce an enemy's bravery below zero, you get that as a bonus. Most of the time it's constant based on both players' base Brave, but in some stages it fluctuates for various conditions.
Barbetos: I laughed too but I still felt a teeny bit guilty. Just a bit though :P
00,03Scoot Scootaloo~
sure...toying...
CrimsonPeewee Sure, but alone it is still funny i think.
let's go with that <.< >.>
Scoots!
kay....
00,10he's waiting to get a full EX bar
meh it question alot of stuff
oh ello there LadyCanary
Dken2021! :3
sure seeing discord at that state is funny
idk
huh, 1 HP
Huggy please
but the whole story just elevated the humour like 10 000 time more
Last time I had this there was no problem. I had someone who liked me back, someone who also has a heart fetish... Someone who enjoyed hearing my heart as much as I enjoy having someone hear it...
reikim: never seen it when playing ffd
I still don't understand how health works in this game >_>
/me huggies CCCP_
oni_link you shouldn't. Its all apart of his plan of chaos. Everything that discord does is deliberate. He is a chaotic being, who seems to make no sence whatsoever, but you can always count on him being what he is. <3 Discord.
LunerRepublicGuard: It's pretty important, not sure how you didn't...
OtakuTom the health is that horizontal blue bar
yeah
OtakuTom: the smaller numvers on the bottom is health, and the bar
you start with Brave Points
Barbetos: haha I have to make sure to not forget that
Im back :)
then when that's depleted it goes to health
Yea, I understand how to read the health meter, just not how health is gained or lost.
Barbetos: What's going on?
OtakuTom: its not gained
I want to see Gilgamesh in action
you see Lightning has 122,377 health
health is lost by getting hit
/me huggies twilight_sprinkle
cachi01|phone: Welcome back! :)
Okay, so I take it then that brave points are the large number.
CrimsonPeewee: is he in this one?
OtakuTom: There are two types of attacks; Brave, and Health.
yes
UNLEASE THE FURRY!!
no no NO
reikim: not very important when at a high level and playing on hard
OtakuTom: One saps Brave, the other does HP damage based on your Brave.
no unleashing furries dammit
does this game have Zach?
no
LunerRepublicGuard: Yes, I know, I've been there, but I've still noticed.
Reikim theres a part where u play with yuna and u find Tidus with an erased memory i think then u have to fight the emperor to save Tidus
aw
these matchups....
ooh, GOlbez, Final fantasy's Darth Vader
it doesn't have a lot of characters that would fit into a FIGHTING game
Discord reminds me of Slade from Teen Ttans.......think about it: both of them have NO MERCY nor COMPASSION nor ANY SYMPATHY over their victims. And that makes them Awesome villains in my book :)
Oh nothing AJIsAwesome|Homework just my random musings. I try not to share the things I think often, and for good reason. Remember the "love and tolerance" incident? =P
like Sabin
Dken2021, lol
Hey, I just got this game! It's fun
for GOD'S SAKE WHERE IS SABIN, YANG AND CYAN?
So the brave is the large font 4-digit number,and the larger that number is, the more health damage you'll deal when you do a health attack?
Barbetos: Oh, yes. I remember that. :S
Dark92Enigma, though Slade test while Discord just flat out amuse himself
OtakuTom: eeyup
cachi01|phone: Something like that. It's not all that bad. The new story in Dissidia was relatively easy.
OtakuTom: it's also your shield against health damage in a sense
*Duodecim
What game was Laguna in? I dont recognize him
hiya LadyCanary and 8
FF8
8 I think
Ah.
LadyCanary: you like him don't you ^_^
Long story short though, Discord is an awesome character concept, even if was barrowed from another show.
OtakuTom: otakon is confused. Brave does HP damage. It's not a shield, it's a sword.
Okay. That makes some sence, then. Even though I've played Dissidia, I just couldn't understand how the health worked...lol
Barbetos: I honestly don't mind you sharing the things you think. It's nice that you express your opinions. :)
Didnt play much FF so I cant say, otakon.
never played 8, or any playsation game
OtakuTom: You were right the first time.
What is that guy doing in this?
and pretty much most villain have no mercy nor compassion ano sympathy over their victim, thus why they are villains to begin with
FF6 music
wow full bar already
:(
:/ i g2g, hopefully i can come back soon. I have to watch my nephew real quick
airship iirc
00,10dis song
Oh, this music!
this isn't FF6 music is it?
oh crap it is
wor?
Be back later everyone
otakon, eeyup
otakon yes, airship music
yeah
00,10dont know who the guy is though
This person bases the music played on the stage? I base it on my enemy.
god I haven't played that game in years
00,10loch I presume
Sumica: Laguna
sumica Uematsu ,,,
ok so we got a FFVIII against a FFIV with FFVI in a field for.....
00,10who?
Ouch
this was my favorite track form that gmae
That one attack?
Yea, Caramel's currently playing as Laguna from FF8.
Nobuo Uematsu.
what's the field in?
OP much?
the composer of the music?
what Reikim|GW2 said
He's also got one of coolest theme songs, "The Man With The Machine Gun"
The voice acting.
eh
now Gilgamesh?
I don't like FF8 that much
>start up psp
Pretty please?
well, that's all for me now
that japanese texan :p
woah
I don't like the vibe of it
hope you enjoyed
>apparenty I was in a battle on the first dysidia
>die
I don't like the enemies that level with you
NO GILGAMESH?
HERESY
ty for le stremo Caramel
Suddenly over! Thanks Caramel
Thanks for the stream, Caramel :)
sure thing Caramel
Anyone want to play some MvM?
Thanks Caramel!
00,10cant recall who he is
^_^
Caramel: thanks for the stream man, it was enjoyable! good luck with SRW Z2
Caramel, thanks for streaming.
Sumica: WHO is?
thanks Caramel
Thanks for the stream, Caramel
00,10the guy Caramel was useing
Sumica: LAGUNA LOIRE
Laguna
Ty Caramel
Sumica: Laguna from FF8.
Sumica: I said it twice now
CrimsonPeewee: True....Discord does it for the sake of ''creating chaos'', his own term of fun. Slade is more serious and calculative, but i'm saying the lack of emotion -or should i say, compassion- towards their victims is what make them similar. Still, i guess you remember what Slade did to Terra in ''Aftershock part II''
Caramel I'm going to dip apples on you and lick every inch of that apple slowly to see you suffer in agony as I then slowly bit the apple little by little.
RRRRAAAWWWEEEERRR!!!!!!!!!!!
dem walls
thanks for the stream Caramel
00,10yeah and I said I dont recall who he is twice now otakon
Thank you Caramel!
hai
^&^
hai RainbowDash90
Sumica: another protagionist from the okay FF8
Minor character. Move along.
ello rainbowdash90
not really minor
Hi AJIsAwesome|Homework!
I wouldn't really call him a minor character...
cause licking an apple is inapropriate?
but you don't know what the hell his deal is until way later
CrimsonPeewee uh wha?
Dark92Enigma: Hi! :)
a Caramel coated apple?
CrimsonPeewee: well dipping it in caramel(the one here) is i think
/me gets turned on.
stop that
it was a pun
sheesh
it was a bad pun
Caramel u playing on emulator or real psp? If u are on psp, want to fight online?
it's a real PSP
an inappropriate pun
keep it pg13 ;)
he's got a hook up cable
bleh....
Well, stream's over. Time to get back to PSO2. Right? EeeeeeeNOPE! Maintenance!
no fun
puns r so much fun
Kandarihu what system is that one? think I want to get that
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FRNd9lC6g0w&feature=my_liked_videos&list=LLF7smc0TDtWWIknqKADKOUw
back to reading "Bringing up Blueblood"
lol
Dken2021, it's on PC.
Ryunosuke: there's a new chapter?
Ryunosuke: What fic is that?
Kandarihu ah thanks, oh well, might get it when I get a desktop
Anypony wants to play dissidia 012 online?
I had an PSX emulator, but i lost it.......
AJIsAwesome|Homework, sequel to ... My little Alicorn :p
cachi01|phone, you have a PS3?
Ryunosuke: Oh. Nvm. :$
CrimsonPeewee vita.
i HAVE a PS2, however
SpadeMagnes[R]: no http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zQ0sHYiwpCM?
And yes also PS3
AJIsAwesome|Homework: its a sequel to a fic where Luna accidentally turns Celestia into a foal.
oh man, I'm am just hooked on breaking bad this week
cachi01|phone: don't have a PSP
is the PS3 hooked?
Dken2021: hooked on Breaking Bad...good one
Dken2021, would you mind holding off until the 15th? There's a Friend Invite system that's due to be released then, which rewards both the inviter and invitee for levelling up.
well.. partially accidentally
like wired internet?
Hm
Night guys
NullRadix: seems interesting. :D
:D
Kandarihu hmm, I might, just hope the game's not that heavy on preformance
nigh Rei...gone
cachi01|phone, you'll need adhoc party for online
AJIsAwesome|Homework: its a mostly fun fic, a little back and forth there
NullRadix: Hmm....what genre is it?
and you need to hook wired internet in you PS3 for it to work
00,10well unfortunatly i was not expecting to go so soon so I dont have 00 Gundam in english
I'm trying to read more fanfics.
CrimsonPeewee anyway add me on ps3: cachisebas
can't
AJIsAwesome|Homework: looking at it again... Sad/Dark/Comedy/Slice of Life
my bro got it
AJIsAwesome|Homework, you read all those I gave you?
the premice is mostly Comedy, but there are Dark portions
NullRadix: Oh. Okay. Thanks.
^ Really dark
Sumi time
gah
ear rape
Sumica stream time
I'm actually reading ''Families'' the sequel to ''Post Nuptials''
FIRE THE TWILIGHT!
but.. it makes sense... sorta...
HOLY. Scared the crap out of me.
Twilight is now Sasha
Lol
EAR RAPE!!!!!!!
SO MUCH PINKIE!!!
heavy's so loud
BEST EAR RAPE EVER
sasha sparkle
That Changling Killing Time
That stream wakeup call
Needs more RD
CrimsonPeewee: No. I either haven't found any time or i'm just lazy. :D
Got my Pinkie dose for today lolol
well do you want to read them now?
playing minecraft
i made a rainbow dash meme http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/26226593.jpg
mrmalk: me too
DJ_POn-3, that was horrible
first meme lighten up
no I mean
what do you have me watching?
just the fact you did a "meme"
meme : to repeat, to mimic, to copy. Memegenerator is a meme
nom
lol
I love Pinkie
Pinkie is soooo awesome <3
seriously who doesn't ove Pinkie?
FOREVER
^
Pinkie is <3
suddenly Anime
PINKIE PIE STYLE
gundam 00
otakon someone with no imagination
And on that bombshell, GOODNIGHT DARLINGS!
Gundam 00
Night, Vivix
night Vivix sleep well
night Vivix
night Vivx
dam the hell is this?
/me waves to all
Vivix: Night! :)
dead
gundam 00 ep 1
omg I LOVE Gundam 00 <3<3:)
Night AJIsAwesome|Homework! have fun with homework
otakon Gundam 00
:(
THIS?
....WHAT
I thought Gundam 00 was older
I need to generate a meme!!!
CrimsonPeeWee: ah ok i get it
00 IS ON STREAM?!
I HAVE TO
what wrong CCCP_ ?
well this looks surprisingly brutal
GOD ISN'T HERE.........ONLY.............FIVE!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh...Lockon ;3;
ugh, kinda hate how site like cheezburgerz ruined memes fr me
I made a rd meme http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/26226749.jpg :I
Whos streaming?
BA DUM TSS
U guys know that would be her true expretion
I belive Sumica is
meme as they are known right now are horrible, unoriginal, lack of complete creativity, insult the artistic part of he human mind
it's Sumica
NOPE. avi
i bet theres a lady with long green hair inside
I think Sumica is streaming without OC
twilight_sprinkle: wouldn't surprise me
Looks familiar
cachi01|phone, it's horrible
CrimsonPeewee pls wut abut dolan
oh its a gundam :3
Goddamn Gundam pretty boys
GUNDAM 00?
WOW
Okay, I've gotta get to sleep...got work in the morning...and that's kina weird to say...I worked nights for the past 2 years, and this is my first week on days.
Sumica: you should stream the ORIGINAL Gundam once
Gundam isnt bad as far asa animes go
bye OtakuTom
Reminds me of the ORIGINAL Gundam Wing
OtakuTom: Night! :)
CrimsonPeewee it wus sopused tu be horibul
..POSDIJFSDKFSDFSD LOCKON
oh, good luck with that OtakuTom, seeya\
who is streaming?
is it SuperBrony64
lyra Sumica
i like SuperBrony64.
I just really despise meme
Lyra`: Sumica
Also, fun fact: My best friend is cosplaying as Teraria in drag from 00
but Sumica, is kewl too, hes my favorite person from vegas
especially rage comics
OH GOD those comics
I don't like SuperBrony64....
then its duke nukem, and thats about it.
LadyCanary in....teresting
....I LOVE HIM :)
XylemTube...
I never was able to get very far into this series. I forgot what foced me to miss an episode. Maybe it was a simple derp.
thats right
rage comics are awesome. at least all the ones ive seen are great
^
damn long intro
-Sigh-
hiya Mica!
twilight_sprinkle, do you know why I find ALL OF THEM horrible?
Personally, I prefer Ash Like Snow.
otakon Like 1:45?
so
Well, this time, dinnertime is going to force me to fall out of continuity.
Favorite gundam?
Mike's brain is going to explode when he reads that comment...
Deathscythe personallly ;)
Dark92Enigma: that's fairly long for a anime opening
otakon that's the length of the DBZ original intro
Ryunosuke: series or suit?
suit :p
CrimsonPeewee: nu, and find them why all horrible?
CrimsonPeeWee: rage comics are bad and good but people are gona still post
Ryunosuke: as in favorite Gundam generation?
I love the Gouf Custom from 8th MS Team
or FAVORITE Gundam?
favorite suit :p
Gouf Custom
what does aeu stand for again? been years since i last saw this
Dovah: Anti something Unit most likely
cachi01|phone: i do like memes and rage comics but not love em
otakon: i know its not that
that building must have entire playlists for elevator music
or All Environment Unit I'm just guessing
Oh......i like the main one.....the white one <------- I haven't seen this in a very long time
Bogey?
Get a tissue dammit
gundum wing 0?
no
Yesterday i found this rage comic Assaulter: give me all your money guy: hey thats a nice knife, i will give u all my money for it Assaulter: ok! *gives knife* Guy: ok now give me all ur money :trollface:
it's 00
what comment?
i have seen this anime
cachi01|phone: boooo
blocking
twilight_sprinkler its funnier when u see the pic Xd
IT'S A GUNDAM!
ITS A GUNGAN
No shit
welp this guy is either dead or really damn good
he's dead
he ded
Opan Gundam style
Military Ace in first ep against a Gundam?
HIS NAME, IS, PATRICK
ded or very badly beaten
Rick.
Vibroblade
sucks
twilight_sprinkle, DJ_POn-3 they all are horrible because it lacks of everything that make arts good, they're lazy copy pasting, uncreative, shows the lack of talent you have and even then the face are just doodles. You could waste your time on something more productive and talent developping instead of copy pasting face to describe some minor event that no one cares about.
I meant this? http://gundam.wikia.com/wiki/Wing_Gundam_Zero
twilight_sprinkler http://img5.joyreactor.com/pics/post/auto-comics-rage-comics-trollface-268595.jpeg
Lockon be pissed.
It's the purest insult to the creative domain
so much for their "ace"
CrimsonPeewee: assuming its meant to be art?..
00,10no lockon yet
CrimsonPeewee: the hell was that?
CrimsonPeeWee: i understand
twilight_sprinkle, it's a waste of time
Ah.
Right.
CrimsonPeewee........ I cant see ur point sorry lol
and they ain't even funny in the slightest
CrimsonPeewee: the fact that its so easy to do and accessible makes it great, everyone can make a comic easily, and if the jokes good then the drawing supports the humor
you could DRAW those face YOURSELF
yea, with CrimsonPeewee here, don't really like rage comics as much these days
Originally, the whole concept of Mobile Suits were designed with a massive internal minopsky reactor to get around the square-cube law that renders giant robots virtually impossible in real life. Flash forward to nowadays, and we have a Mobile Suit that's powered by solar energy. My suspension of disbelief is only possible by the Enact proving to be useless in combat.
CrimsonPeewee: I'm not standing up for rage comics (I'm neutral about them anyways), but you do know there are inspirational rage comics, right?
i cant
I told him more about the chest pain
did i just see a LE EPIK RAGE FAEC comic linked?
CrimsonPeewee: dude its not art, its a joke
good god
CrimsonPeewee i cant
Buytoast yep
twilight_sprinkle, YOU CAN MAKE THE FACES YOURSELF
that's horrible
CrimsonPeewee: THATS THE POINT
Kandarihu: GIANT FUCKING ROBOTS...that is all
twilight_sprinkle, no need to be detailed
that's like crapping in a pool and making the children swim next to it
CrimsonPeewee: its.not.art. its a joke
hell actually giant *fucking* robots is kind of scary
the fact that it's accessible makes the thing lazy
and degrade the human race
does he know about ur heart fetish?
CrimsonPeewee: its like complaining about a car that doesnt have a refrigirator
CrimsonPeewee: WHAT is? what are you talking about?
Oh god.
CrimsonPeewee dude........ U mad?
you draw those face and develop your drawing
Yea
lol cachi01|phone
which gundam is this?
00,10LadyCanary likes the emo guy eh?
otakon: hes saying why ragecomics suck
LOL Sumica XD
oh
Spitfire Gundam 00
or you copy paste and leave your lack of talent at that
And I know all about his fetish, heh heh heh
Sumica: she likes the pretty boys
and the jokes are horrible even
cachi01|phone: yeah the comic looks better with the pic, you said it a bit wrong too :P
I personally like memes, as long as they're smart, catchy and memorable
Lyra likes Mr.teal suit <3
Actually, best friend does Sumi.
whats his fetish? :P
oh yeah and the l"e"?
00,10ahhh
pee
you know
I have to ask
IT'S A FUCKING DISGRACE TO THE FRENCH LANGUAGE
haha cool
It needs to be about 20% cooler
rage comics aren't that funny to me anymore, maybe if I was around 16, maybe, but now, they seem effortless mostl
Zero Gravity and skirts....
00,10I like how they show the 0g in this
Hey it's Chun Li
CrimsonPeewee: i find a lot of the jokes to be good. as for the drawings, the point is for them to be accessible to everyone, and the art often supports the joke
when I type something in french someone will see the le and think
twilight_sprinkle yeah i dont know how to explain things with mah words lol well atleast in english
LOL RAGE COMICS
CrimsonPeewee LOL RAGE COMICS
otakon, that excuse might almost work for a Super Robot series. This is a Real Robot series.
I tell him every time I pee xD
what's the point of le anyway? to be edgy?
^
"edgy"
XD
Dken2021: no idea
:D HARO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just do it bc I think it's funny
Dken2021: for to be silly
00,10le sigh
Dken2021 to be fancy??? Idk lol
....
Kandarihu: they're still giant goddamn robots
they need to make a proper Steel Battalion Game dammit
Haro Haro Haro <3
le sets the light mood and silliness
not that goddamn worthless kinect crap
You can just make a simple face drawing as well
kinect is best console ever
I remember back when rage comics where only in 4chan
CrimsonPeewee honestly i cant....
you know what they did?
well, don't mind the people liking rage comic, as for me, no thanks
Sumica: is this the first ep?
THEY MADE THEIR OWN DRAWING
00,10yes
Kinect is a failure and always will be unless they do some major repairs to it.
thats probably pretty annoying haha
Hehe
gratuitous english words
seconda phasu
If I wanted motion controls I would use the Wii
LE TROLLING RAUNDOM RAGE COMIC XDXD
Kinect < ps move < wii
I honestly liked the idea of Kinect, but the way it performs is terrible and I wish they invested more time in it.
AJIsAwesome|Homework: it wouldn't be so bad if they didn't use shit parts and try to put it in every goddamn fucking game that's coming out for the sake of coming out
otakon: True.
at least someone is with me here
One time he told me he couldn't sleep cuz his heart was goin fast and I was just all like ASDFGHJKL @///@ MY HEART....
AjIsAwesome yeah i also thought project Natal looked awesome
But guess what! ITS SHIT
My opinion on memes: They need to be about 20% cooler
haha
at least the kinect spawned some uses other than a video game addon
CrimsonPeewee: look, youre missing the point. youll never understand it if you cant get past the simple drawing part. its not art, its not meant to be amazing, its meant to be available for everyone to do and the art often supports the silliness
AJIsAwesome|Homework: take ME3 for example had squad commands with the kinect. that you could have EASILY done with the goddamn mic on a 20 buck headset but fuckt hat shit
With kinect u can Shout fus ro dah xd
CrimsonPeewee: it's just meant to be funny is all, remember not everyone has the same sense of umor
so much words... they are not cool..
otakon: Agreed.
Kandarihu: I liked it
I smell a kick?
twilight_sprinkle, I get what you mean and I still say that it's horrible to mankind to resort in stuff that others already did to tell their own story
must be one stinky kick
yay! Post Mortem promontions!
My bro while playing skyrim with kinect: FUS RO DAH FUS RO DAH work goddammit!
oh hey it's ada wong
cachi01|phone: lol
why is she in gundam land
Idiot.
oh lookie a chinese dressed chick
I've never really seen any gundam at all.
Anyway goodnightbeverypony
Loved this better than the actual fanfic... http://i.imgur.com/oR4UU.jpg
If there's one good thing that the Kinect is good for, it's homebrew Motion Capture.
I hate the uniformal style this has
CCCP_: NIght! :)
bye CCCP_ sleep well take care
:(
Kinect is getting fucking shoehorned into every game
I think the problem with some memes these days is that they aren't as accidental anymore, now it's user generated and over used way too often
Brad_ same here
I've never been big on the whole skinny body look too much
For gods sake stop complaining and just watch the goddamn Gundams.
CrimsonPeewee: well plagiarism of jokes i another matter, a lot messier and, frankly, impossible to properly see
Brad_, MLD is overrated
CrimsonPeewee, I agree
LadyCanary: skinny body desings look weird to me
Overhyped too.
true, the troll meme is often overused, here as well tbh
CrimsonPeewee: True, and so is Cupcakes. Cupcakes is a terriblly written fanfic.
Kyrios....
LadyCanary there are some gundams arguing Bout the same in the background
Wait was that Allelujah's gundam?
no idea
I'm SO glad this series EASES YOU IN
AjIsAwesome no. SAM is a terribly written fanfic
AJIsAwesome|Homework, indeed, it ain't the gore that makes it terrible it's really the whole writing style
oh wait it explains NOTHING
00,10it's an introduction ep otakon
....Oh mama....I like giant guns :3
ah, gundam, a series I could've got hooked to, but my younger self wasn't interested at the time, oh well
Sumica: it introduces NOTHing
otakon: EXPLAIN, SERIES! EXPLAIN!!!!
