+Phase
but Phase4 that was only her second voice
I saw Colgate\
me too
00,02Spectrum_Rush, she's had 4 i think
5 Phase4
Ohhh shit
00,02i was close
there derpys
yay
00,02i found derpy \o/
castlevania 2 : simons quest had some of the best music
Celestia is like a boss
+Phase4 /)
oh buy the way Celestia used the Royal Canterlot voice there
JRP: but terrible overall game
JRP: music was awesome though
00,02TheKoreanBrony1354, (\
Bronysith: na tha game wasent that bad
I hate how Celestia always sounds so pissed off
+Phase4 do u live in australia
yesh
he does
not far from me
TheKoreanBrony1354: Type in pha then press tab
00,02yep
Sound like a stalker. ,_,
00,02^ AdamTheDuck
00,02tab completion is best
SEASON 3 needs more consistency
Phase4: mooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
00,02TheKoreanBrony1354, its how i type your name, i type thek and press tab
season 3 needs more rapeface...
Phase4:thats cool :)
Celestia used the Royal Canterlot voice earlier than Luna
Hey-lo
hi DemoPegono
00,02was twi missing her cutie mark there?
Hello DemoPegono
Phase4: wanna play TF2 LATER
Hmmm...
Okay.
00,02TheKoreanBrony1354, its late and i want to play as little tf2 as possible this week
I am HolyJuggernaut on Steam.
O Ok
00,02already played damn near continiously for a few days
AdamTheDuck: nice
Phase4: Lol, I see you've had a tf2 overload :3
speaking of the Princess of the night http://derpiboo.ru/40009
korean? he gonna play starcraft? ._.
Phase4: 12
Phase4: do u live in australia
Phase4: 11
Phase4: 20
Celestia shouted "Twilight Sparkle!" in Lesson Zero with what I assume was the Royal Canterlot voice.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJ-CaLiXGp8
death the kid <3
Bronysith: still a stream
no
i like the grim reaper
Phase4: is there a stream? im sorry
00,02i havent picked a number yet :P
00,02TheKoreanBrony1354, yes, north east of melbourn
00,02melbourne'
o ok
00,02so, betwene 1 and 15 inclusive
http://goo.gl/216cF if anyone missed the comic before
5
7
P.R. is cool.
13
3
its 8:55 am over here
6
10
1
0
8
14
8
9
00,02JRP, you dont get to win twice :<
yes
i
00,02number was 6
00,02XD
Lol.
00,02number was 6
300000000
6
10
btw, Spectrum_Rush, that animation is looking amazing. o_o
Durr, late.
party for one plz
00,02i like how the first two guesses were 5 and 7
i was, less than nin thousand....
nine*
Phase4: how do you get your text higlighted
Dat Nin ping.
OVER 9,000!
Phase4: so unsymmetrical
5 ate six!?
*goes to hang himself for that old gag
8 is perfectly symettrical
Ninjazz: indeed and... well you know what its for right?
00,02ok, picking another one betwene 1 and 15, JRP: no guesses from you :<
13
4
Phase4: 8!
3
13 Phase4
14
2
7
12
8
11
10
7
2
1
9
00,02Spell-of-Gaming, wins
9
Spectrum_Rush, yes. I imagined her singing the song while she was singing.
13
HAHAHAHAHA
so, wait...
i win
00,02JRP, Spell-of-Gaming won
nope
i did
JRP: SHUT UP
this a game of who spams the numers from 1 to 13 fastest? ._.
>_>
Ninjazz: good good well its almost done like 30seconds of animation needed almost
00,02its a guess the numbers game
Phase4: can bronystate count to 15
00,02Spell-of-Gaming, pick an episode
Lets play a game! It's called Lets count to 7
+Phase4: how do you get your text higlighted
1
2
3
Spectrum_Rush, awesome! :O it's already looking pretty smooth!
u mad bro?
00,02TheKoreanBrony1354, external client, you can hack the site's client to do colour
Hmmmm
A Friend In Deed :3
Phase4: how do you do that
'Hack'
Seems legit
00,02well change some parameters
well, im bored
who owns this site?
talk normal i dont know what that means
Anaruski: me
could i get permission for free pentest?
Dear god
its free!
LOL
You so funneh Phase4
Anaruski: No one owns the site techinally all mods keep it running and going
TheKoreanBrony1354:
Playing the Wii on a Sharp television is horrible
00,02?
Anaruski: Dunno, I always assumed it was SuperBrony64. ponyshrug.jpg
00,02Jmo4267, ?
wow i uploaded 52 youtube videos
...
well, basicly who own the domain is the legal owner
this episode
AGAIN
FOR THE SHITZILLIONTH TIME
00,02Spell-of-Gaming asked for it :P
00,02complain to him
Spell-of-Gaming: we watch this episode every other millicsecond of our life on bronystate
lidl....
Phase4: i plan on it
i cant unhear it!
when do we get to watch Party of one?
never
:'(
cause people are too busy wanting to watch this episode
OVER AND OVER AGAIN
Last time was the Tom Awards, I think.
Yay stream is running perfectly now :3
00,02if Spell-of-Gaming wants to change his choice then i'll change
Phase4: oh im not blaming you dear
Still a bit skippy, but not as bad as before
AdamTheDuck: not for me
im blaming Spell-of-Gaming for choosing the episode everyone and their dog chooses
Okay
Wow, Sith. Wow.
I'll change it then
... Why did I jynx it...
Just stop whining.
and i found the owner of the site
00,02after the song
Phase4: well yea, after the song....yea
cause it is my fav song on mlp
Anaruski: Stil telling you theres no actual owner actually
still*
Screw physics
it's Pinkie
i cant say it is the best song cause then i would be just like those assholes who say "this day aria is best song, and if you dont like it then you are stupid" ugh
but the law says that an domain must allways be designated to a person or a corpration
00,02AdamTheDuck, dat 0x7F
"this day aria is a good duet" ITS THE SAME SINGER
All the 
not a duet if it is the same singer
00,02some of the people here get random malformed text, i'm not sure if its intentional or bugs

and all the signs point to the fact that a person in united kingdom "own" this domain
my thing is lagging like crazy
00,02AdamTheDuck, how you doing that?
Hmm, still comes out as one ...
Phase4: Square, cube triangle
Type in something short, doesn't have to be short
then press
Anaruski: He still doesn't own the site and everyone on it, He only keeps the domain up and all
Phase4: âˆ†
anyone know who "Andrew Bell" is?
Phase4: X circle square to not die
ctrl + backspace
Anaruski: yup
00,02the linux fonts generate squares with the characters value for unknown codepoints
Phase4: was mine a square?
The Super Speedy Cider 6000 please :3
dat 
the cutie mark chronicals
00,02for those of you that dont understand my badly worded sentence: the litteral value of that was 0x7F
00,02Spell-of-Gaming, good choice sir
Nonpareil
I'm having problems with buffer again. what can i do?
Love using that word in my essays :D
Anaruski: again though he may be registered as the domain owner, But he still due to several reasons isn't in charge
The steam's really laggy. And I got a screenshot of Pinkie Pie blending in with the background somehow. I missed an even better sight, though.
lel
Anaruski: I lack insight to how BS is kept up and running and everything. But i know a few base things
is the server managed by him?
LAGGING
Anaruski: Yes as he is the most skilled person with computer knowledge in general
am I the only one who is having problems with the stream, it buffers every 10 seconds...
Anaruski: If you checked the staff page you can see his position here
Boltasar: i know that feel bro
00,02fun fact: inside the us theres soft cider and hard cider
:'(
Boltasar: Yeah mine is buffering again :(
Boltasar: im having the same problem
CIDER PARTY FTW
00,02hard cider is what the rest of the world knows as cider
00,02while soft cider is known as apple juice
HOLY FUCKING LAG! :[
00,02so when i first watched this, my understanding was that they were all getting drunk
everyday i am buffering
Phase4: actually soft cider is still diferent then apple juice
STEPPIN ON THE BEACH
00,02Spectrum_Rush, it is?
DOO DOO DOO DOO
Anaruski: So he does keep the domain up and everything, He has no actual ownership of BS as it's kept up and going by all the mods here
finnaly
well... that explains how they can produce cider this quick...
:[
Phase4: yea apple juice is a clear liquid, soft cider is not
I love this stream... especially when it dosn't work
00,02Anaruski, whats this now?
Phase4: gimme a couple secs and i will have the differances
Phase4: He is asking who owns the site, And i explained not just one person owns the site per say
im looking for the owner to give permissions for a pentest
F this, im playing super mario bros wii
Phase4: i think he is trying to hack the network
00,02Anaruski, feel free, i'm one of the techs
I like how cheerilee got herself some cider before, but in that zoom out sequence, she's in the audience complaining. anypony else catch that?
00,02its mostly stock wordpress, dont think i've added any exploits with my code
Sylandest, she will always want cider
im with rdibp. Fix this stream
skip, skip, skip....
Suddenly skips to song 6_9
dafuq
Phase4: In the United States, apple cider refers to the unprocessed liquid that you get from apples. The apples are washed, cut, and ground into mash before being pressed. The resulting cider usually contains apple pulp and is dark, brown, and cloudy. The beverage is perishable and must be refrigerated. If this liquid is filtered and further processed, the resulting product is apple juice, which has a longer shelf life than cide
00,02i'm not sure what error you guys are getting, gona have to complain to mips
TIL Konata's teacher is Cheerilee
but just in case, who should i contact to get a permission on paper
woops that was supposed to be pm'd
or as an email
hey fellas
WrekatBUCK: Hiya!!!
Spy Wrek? :P
00,02Anaruski, we;re not exactly going to bring legal action against you :P
whos streaming
00,02Anaruski, if you do find an exploit, tell us first, other than that have fun
WrekatBUCK: Phase is.
ok phase
00,02ohai WrekatBUCK
PINKIE PIE YOU BITCH
ok
its tiem for the BS l ive event from buck
hi there WrekatBUCK how are you? enjoying buck?
00,02k
last time i got an permission i kinda got sued....
we are setting up right now
00,02i'll stop now
00,02WrekatBUCK, can we let song finish?
00,02is good song
WrekatBUCK: Has the artist panel gone up yet or has it passed?
00,02WrekatBUCK, actually just ninja when your ready, i'll stop mine when its ninjad
Anaruski: Permision for what?
for a pentest
00,02he wants to try hack the site
more like poke holes into it
00,02WrekatBUCK, streams free
Good morning, everypony! :)
Mornin' RaveBrony
ok
ill be back in a sec
but i'll backup my stuff on turn on my work machine
hallo everyone :)
Hello MLP_Brovakiin
/me 00,02dereferences BadPointer
Hey MLP_Brovakiin :)
/me 00,02*segfault*
but the site is on a shared server?
00,02Anaruski, yup
Phase4: i just said that lol, of course he is trying to hack the site
so i wont target the server then
00,02you cant anyway
00,02its behind cloudflare
00,02with cleverness you might find the direct hostname but wont change much
well
.
damnit chat derped
as long as its made by humans, it can be cracked by humans
is there a stream?
00,02Count-Bleck, will be in a sec
i think not...
good afternoon.
Hello Flutters
Morning everypony
00,02Anaruski, if you actually got into our webhost i would be incredibly suprised
Mornin' StinkomanFan
00,02they've survived a great many attacks
hiya Flutters and StinkomanFan
haters gonna hate?
00,02Anaruski, your best bet would be some php exploit, which considering the setup is far more likely than it should be
/me 00,02dislikes php and its stupids
Durr, is anything on Virtual Console even free?
dovahkin is just an exact copy of the dragoon
and i got the tools for that
when i was a little filly and the sun was going dooooooooown~
dovahikiins are just extremely lame as well
now you can refresh the stream
AdamTheDuck: The one with the pink hair yes
Lolwut
YAY!
That's wrek!
Ohai Wrek :D
is Wrek drawing
and i now know what wrek looks like
Hey guys. What's going on?
Haha there was the chat!
wowviewer: Stream of B.U.C.K
wrek is wreky
AdamTheDuck: Ah nice!
he's downloading spotify?
UNFOUNDBUG
I JUST HEARD UNFOUNBUG
WrekatBUCK: Should get all bronystaters up where you are
Bronysith: holyshit your right
Spectrum_Rush: *YOU're
i'm 95% sure that's illegal o.o
Bronysith: touche
OMG ITS UNFOUNDBUG
Hello all :P
killerpony7733: Not sure if that's a good idea. Some of the haters are ignorant, which no matter how logical our arguments are, they'll just troll around lol
Hi Major
hi private
Ohai Major
no
hes not even a private
Hello Major
he is a recruit
wowviewer: Love and tollerate anyway
this is not the unfoundbug you are looking for..
AdamTheDuck: True
Bronysith: but it's amazing I was just in a game of MvM with Unfoundbug last night
Bronysith: wow, that joke is so BAD that it actually made me cringe
Bronysith what does Wrek look like?
Gotta love them Swedes :3
wrek is the guy on the computer on the stream.
not that i like guys <_< >_>
Lol
Bronysith screencap it. I'm at church atm
May I mention that I had the most traumatic experience a while ago. ;_;
PillowPoni|Zzz: idk how
Prt scrn button
Bronysith: if you are secure enough in your own masculinity, theres nothing wrong with calling another man sexy
PillowPoni|Zzz: I got ya
Spectrum_Rush: kewlio
Major save it for later
Pistingrate Rarity, this will be intere
llol:this is the best stream ever
everfree is great
PillowPoni|Zzz: so which one you want, the one about the descritiption of Wrek or the one with the AJ faces?
Hi everyone!
Pirate style* oops on that fail typo
Major description of Wrek
Guess who's at the front
ufb: We know
PillowPoni|Church: got it :P
Who's doing the music?
Major thaaanks
Some Guy
Very hard
killerpony7733: yes it is
Alas I shall talk to.you all later. Bye <3
Bai PillowPoni|Church
Bye PillowPoni|Church
WrekatBUCK: o wow
Bronysith: Awww and hes talking to the bronystaters but i can't hear them
I have a bad time hearing in microphone. I think it's because of the echo lol. But that's just me
I'll tell him when he goes past
can we turn music off please?
WrekatBUCK: you nervous?
;-;
Better?
no change
^
mute music or turn it off. cant hear him speaking or anything
^^
:<
I heard gildash
I think WrekatBUCK is focused on drawing right now
Well I'll be back later. Bye guys
well, jumpping from ponies to bananas
Gildash!!!!!!
WrekatBUCK: we cant hear anything because of the music
anyone here play minecraft?
Anaruski: nope, no one in the world plays minecraft
00,02Music y u still there :<
oh man
yeah, figured that from the way that killed the chat
wrek is damn sexy
:( Can't hear what's going on
Gah i'm not sure who is besides wrek
AdamTheDuck: emotes totally help the case
Damn them to hell whoever is playing that music >.>
Bronysith: Did you amanged to get a hold of who the short haired guy with the glasses is?
manage*
killerpony7733: who the guy in the middle right now?
and im hertrosexual
Bronysith: No next to wrek
killerpony7733: i think thats gildash
TURN MUSIC OFF
^
Bronysith: I thought i heard right but the music really made it hard to hear if it was or not
WE CANT HEAR ANYTHING
Ohai everyone! :D
/me waves at BUCK
Dem hellos.
HI BUCK WISH I COULD BE THERE
Hello people
Hello BUCK attendees :)
Finally the music stops :>
OH THANK YOU SWEET MERCIFUL MOLESTIA
Which one is Wrek?? I came i late! D:
UNFOUNDBUG
EGGY!
HI UNFOUNDBUG
oh, whats this?
So who are these guys?
WrekatBUCK: We need all up there and telling who they are
WrekatBUCK: Tell eggwhite hi from me!
00,02'this one time at band camp'
Hai Vivix
Rawr! Jmo4267 Rawr!
:3
I like his accent
Wrek is the one at the laptop?
Correct.
RaveBrony: yes, he is damn sexy
Awesome!
what is this?
Weird, the pictures move every 5 seconds, but there's no sound
Hi guys! Im from Everfree Radio here.
killerpony7733: unfoundbug
can someone tell me what this is?
killerpony7733: but he goes as chryslais in chat
This is BUCK rdibp
i thought this was Everfree
Bronysith: Daww eggy is on the stream too, :D
rdibp: BUCK Stream of Wrek drawing pirate Rarity :P
:O
streamception
Prarity
who are the people at the panel?
Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free
Oh you Vivix.
Any Mew fans here?
Hi guys! Im from Everfree Radio :)
Hai EFRToothless!
hey EFRToothless
/me 00,02hugs EFRToothless
Hello!
Hello EFRToothless
No idea RaveBrony
is Everfree Northwest still going on?
00,02EFRToothless, fan of how to train your dragon?
G'day EFRToothless
Yes.
killerpony7733: Awesome! :D
+Phase4
Im from the Everfree Radio IRC.
00,02EFRToothless, is awesome movie /)
Yaaaaaay hiya guys!!!
Phase4, I was just about to ask that
killerpony7733: how did you get the shoutout?
Bronysith: I know eggy and gildash, and the others
killerpony7733: ahh
HI EGGY
wheres ACRracebeast
00,02wonder if they can see irc
i want to go to one of these things :'(
HI EGGY HI GILDASH HI UNFOUNDBUG
ummm..... hai Wrek
where are they even...
DASHIESAUCE?!
Somwhere in London, I think
Dat kick :D
i was in dashiesauce before but banned for no legitimate reason
rdibp: Me too. out of state travel is not in the cards :(
What's dashiesauce?
A channel Vivix
00,02channel on this network
cant really hear what they are saying
Hm, never been there
Bronysith: I rules got stricter in there i heard :o i rarely ever go in there tho
*The rules
the game
Anybody from EFR IRC?
RaveBrony: its an RP server, i RPed and was kicked
*trollface*
I prefer this channel, because even if there's few rules, most people are nice
/me glomps Vivix
RaveBrony: whatever, the mods in there are pretty much babies
Hahaha gildash knows how that feels doesn't he
/me hugs Jmo4267
hi. what'S that?
00,02Quick, someone make rarity mod for guns of icarus
Dark_Horst,prarity
/me hugs everypony for no raisen
Phase4: already done
Bronysith: Ah, well that sucks :\
00,02Bronysith, :O
yerp
WrekatBUCK: Can you get gildash and eggwhite to say hi to me? :P
00,02XD
RaveBrony: the mods in there are just retarded babies anyways. when i asked why i was perma banned they said "cuase we hate you" no legitimate reason
Lol!
Bronysith: wow-
bad mods ruin channels
Bronysith: what'S dashysauce?
WrekatBUCK: you remind me of da babe
Hahaha gildash y u peeking at what i'm saying?
/me gives Phase4 a muffin :)
Dark_Horst: a chat for bronystate rejects pretty much
Phase4: why u no sleep
/me 00,02noms the muffin
Bronysith: Well damn o_o i never know the mods in there anymore, so many more people get the mod symbols everytime i go in there :D
HI GILDASH
bye bye bronysate i have to go
Bronysith: only because you got banned
byebye
Bronysith: ah. i see
blarg
Major: what? and no legitimate reason at all.
But some good friends of mine are still in there tho :)
Major: you guys in that chat are pretty much just babies in there that get butthurt way too easily
who are the people on the panel?
and now im stopping
00,02Bronysith, lets tone down the hate
Bye
/me 00,02hugs Bronysith
Phase4: sorry
We are no one
Bye EFRToothless
Byee EFRToothless
00,02lat.... damnit
00,02he left quick
aww
Phase4: i just dont like getting punished and not getting any real reason why i am punished
00,02Bronysith, could always ask
Bronysith: you posted three screamers, being a **** and now this is your second ban, and this time your staying out
where exactly are they? not the mainroom, as far as i can telkl
this is the internet, everyone is a baby
personal opinion should never get involved in modding, but mods are people too
Major: *you're
Major: and i posted 2 screamers that is it
Bronysith: three actually
Internet is srs business
Major: I KNOW HOW MANY SCREAMERS I POSTED i only posted 2
Umm i have no questions but hi to you all!
00,02Bronysith, Major: have this argument in pm please
00,02XD
Wrek, Oh you :D
WrekatBUCK: WE LOVE YOU
/me 00,02hugs WrekatBUCK
/me glomps Phase4 into WrekatBUCK
I LOVE YOU CHRYSALLIS
Hey everyone at the panel we LOVE YOU
:P
Phase4: who are the guys on that panel?
CHRYSALLIS IS GOD OF MINECRAFT
:o
00,02so not sure who the rest are :(
I think their names are written further uup-
CHRYSALLIS RULES AT MINECRAFT
Damn, can't read the writing
WrekatBUCK: your voice is damn sexy
Phase4: will it it be uploaded on youtube after?
I like how, even in handwriting, he's I's are uncapitalized
WrekatBUCK: so was gildash as bad you thought he was? :P
his*
00,02Dark_Horst, not sure who's recording
this is pretty hard to follow
Well nice to see gildash eggwhite and the people i know well from BS!
i love how i could post all the porn i wanted in that channel yet i post 2 screamers and nooo that is unacceptable
Bronysith: You may want stop now
00,02YAR HAR
Bronysith: because one of them got scared out of his mind and couldnt sleep because of it
live steam has so many adds
That was embarassing
...
Porn is acceptable because of today's society
Wait what happened?
ufb: Hey could you give me a list of who was who exactly just so i know?
Rules decide what's okay
Haha ufb
NEKKID TIME
I was admiring Wrek's lovely Prairty
/me dances around
are there still ppl on livestream who dont use addblock @_@
adblock is bad for the business
00,02Vivix, i disagree
I dont mind ads, they keep the internet free
00,02it took quite a bit to make me install adblock
I don't want to pay for youtube in 2020, so I refuse to use it-
Bronystate doesnt get money from the ads
of course, that would be extreme
...i need to pray for celestia's protection now. cthulu might be onto me
00,02if they want to make me watch that many ads then stuff them
no, but businesses that rely on ads do, not bronystate
>Pay for Youtube
I literally just cringed.
I don't mind ads, because of all the things I get free because of it
00,02i dont mind non intrusive ads
just decided to do something about my clogged sink. not sure what i pulled out there, but i'm pretty sure it doestn answer to any gods we know
yees, that's a better way of putting it
00,02little thing to the side, no sound or video, loads fast and looks interesting
Phase4: at least adds stay out of my games
The worst ad I know is World of Tanks
it actually breaks youtube player
hello
If adblock can do selective blocking I would block them
Welp, Im gonna get me some cereal :P
World of tanks doesnt even have a mute button
yeah-
C is for CEREAL
speaking of which, is there a brony tank corporation?
00,02i'm not waiting 1.5 minute ad about gum EVERY TIME I WANT TO WATCH A 30S VIDEO
whenever i get their ad on youtube it shifts the entire player sideways, breaking fullscreen
00,10Ad block has alot of settings and filters
Dat Sumica
Phase4: GOOD POINT, actually
00,02there are too many ad services to selectively filter
Ohai Sumica :P
00,02its all or nothing
bnut I mean like, netflix could benefit from ads, considering how expensive TV is and how things will shift towards on demand
still depends on the browser you use though Sumica
00,02i per site filter for some things
00,02but not many
who here uses chrome
00,10funfact the company that has the ads on the site still pays the site, you just dont see it
I wouldn't mind blocking the ads on mips and livestream, as they're all boobs and bribes, but not on other things
twindmcmaster: Me, why?
just asking
Well, that was embarassing
00,10adblock works in all browsers
00,02internet explorer would be more dificult than the others but one probably exists
oh hi Sumica how are you today man?
00,02and i know little of opera
00,02or safari
opera has one
00,10I am well
00,02they are hipster browsers
All I know about opera is that it is scandinavian-
I use opera because I love their feed system
Sumica: Even Steam in game browser?
00,02RAINB0W_CRASH, hipster
Did netscape die? I used that back in the day
00,10but yeah you can turn off and on adblock on a site by site basus
i think it did
00,10who uses ingame browser, it's slow as hell
Sumica: okay- that's good. I would love to just block World of tanks flash ads-
i dont
00,02AdamTheDuck, the ingame browser in steam is based on webkit, the thing safari and chrome use
Phase4, at least I check my feeds now, I used to use feeds and still not know there were updates
00,02but adblocks exist outside of that
00,10well it dont work like that Vivix
yeah-
ever since i switched to firefox back in the day i never used something else
00,10you could just block them on bronystate for example
Sumica: Well for games like TF2 when shifting to another tab takes bloody ages
but blocking sites with bad ad service would probably be good
recently looked at the current IE for fun and almost got cancer
IE sucks
Sumica: i have a gift for you actually
also firefox is the best browser, but it just broke for me a little while ago...
Dark_Horst: Rofl :D
00,02Sumica, that depends heavily on how it handles frames, the stream embeds dont exist on the bronystate site
00,02RAINB0W_CRASH, firefox is best browser /)
but I must say I support ads, because it helps people pay for maintenance-
the only thing that dampens the firefox experience is the copypaste crash problem
Phase4, (\
chrome is best browser
00,02chrome is getting there but it lacks some of the polish
^
I used Firefox, it started crashing, switched to chrome, it has started crashing lately
00,10no but it handles rejecting ads based on the page no the embeds in the page
and chrome can sometimes refuse to turn on protection for certain sites...
Phase4: what they really need to fix is the Shock Wave
I switched to chrome because I thought it had more polish than firefox in the first place. :P
when i use ctrl c/v on different tabs and one of them is running an embed, there's a good chance firefox will just lock up
Then firefox updated to look a bit more like chrome
Phase4: Just shine Chrome with some more mods on the Web Store
00,02Major, adobe shockwave is dead, this is a good thing
I want to try Firefox again, I just want something fast and pretty
00,10Dare i ask Bronysith?
DABI PLS
Phase4: not for me, it keeps crashing for me :/
JAYMOO PLS
Sumica: it is a year supply of ice cream
00,02now we just need flash to die and we can live our happy lives adobe-free
/me puts on a helmet
I love how we are suddenly all talking about browsers because of an add on livestream...
Flash is good for movies- and..that's about it
00,02Major, if you have shockwave installed, uninstall it
no u jaymoo
o wait
dabi pls
Sumica: why did you put on a helmet?
00,02Vivix, the only thing html5 cant do is streaming, thats being worked on
00,10so I can ask the flavor of the icecream
Cool, because yeah Flash is good for animation industry, not internet
00,02actual video browsers can do, the youtube html5 demo demonstrates that
Sumica: okay
Phase4: what makes flash so bad?
Sumica: BOOT TO THE SHIN
/me throws a boot at Sumica s shin
00,02Dark_Horst, i'ts a big list, you sure you want?
Sumica: dont feed him questions! ._.
Hehe
Phase4: hit me
/me hits Dark_Horst with a bat for no reason
But yeah, FLASH is good for vector based and rig animation, like MLP, but it's too--clumpy for browsers, In my opinon
I wonder if Adobe will go back to the animation reute, and stop trying to push the webdesign direction they have now
00,02Dark_Horst, its slow, very slow, mostly because of its existance as a plugin. its proprietry, only things adobe wants to can use it, its HUGE (srsly, codebase is massive) and the exploit surface is massive, you can read about some of them, this also leads to instability, and poorly designed, leading to several implimentations of functionality existing simultaiously in the plugin
html5 will just be- more streamlined and faster?
Dat wall of explanation
...that is a pretty big negatove
*negative
yeah, but when flash came out, was it intended for web use?
But how else will I play flash games? :P
00,02Dark_Horst, theres a function designed to pack 4 byte integers into 2, it was once exploited and allowed a botnet to start
i think the exploit surfasce is the reason the guys from eve online dont have flash in their ingame webbrowser
00,02Dark_Horst, in an environment where you count in megabytes, that function had no right to exist
Suck it up dabi
Hehe, JRE ?
who plays flash games...
Who doesn't play flash games?
Eugh
00,02you wont notice the difference
Show me a good javascript game. >:
Dungeon master remake
They don't exist
basically counting sand grains on a beach, eh?
IT IS AWESOME
that is java runtime, don't know if it runs in browsers
/me don't know that shit
:P
00,02javascript equilivent game engines are only starting to exist now html5 is out
00,02chat is ded
no ites not
still here
conversation is just dead
00,02java is even worse than flash but i've raged enough for tonight
what's next on the buck schedule anyway?
We see wrek beat the crap out of GilDash :D
hehe
would html5 allow for programs such as paintchat?
00,02dat 0x7F again
00,02Vivix, eyup
<,<
THat's cool-
00,02i've though of replacing it with a html5 variant
freakin giraffe
Hm, that would be nice, not to mention it could be used by others as well
killerpony7733: nope, but Im sure it's job :D
<_<
Atm it is very unstable, and- yeah only lets some people in
00,02Vivix, one or two exist i think but they're paid or otherwise inaccessible
00,02its why shi-chan's chat has lasted so long
Omfg, ive been wondering for 5 damn minutes why im hearing chattering :D then i realized it was the stream :D
Ahh-
00,02RaveBrony, XD
hehe
who wants to discuss about season 3? NO SPOILERS!!!
I'm excited!
I was like WTF im not playing Sims or Sim City or anything :D
00,02rdibp, do you think it will contain pony?
^
Don't answer! Spoiler!
/me slaps Phase4
I SAID NO SPOILERS'
the pre-opening only starts at 18:00. is that gmt?
00,02XD
I love how I spent the last day before school with nothing else than tf2 mvm and chattin on bronystate
also sleeping till 1 a clock
hehe
Where is Gonder when ponies die? :P
Pshh, itll probably Live Action! :$
Healthy studying environment
RaveBrony: EW
RAINB0W_CRASH same thing
00,02they say theres something big planned, and thus only 13 episodes
Major: Hahaha :D
RaveBrony: imagine if it was suddenly 3d animation
/me 00,02is really hoping for a movie
Phase4: yeah I heard that- I'm--yeah hoping for a good movie
Vivix: o.o
00,023d wont work with pony
hehe, it would be TERRIBLE
Phase4: such a short time for a great show :(
2d animation has always been my preferation
Phase4: hered theres going to be 13 eps for one studio and 13 for the other
00,02it *could* work but not worth it
00,02rdibp, i heard that somewhere too, not sure though
rdibp: that was an early rumour, wil anderson said onl 13
I'm quite happy season 3 is very tight lip'd - havent heard anything about it yet
yeah
00,02i think they are taking brony's very seriously
VERY seriously indeed
Phase4: 2D is cheaper and prettier, and ofter better results with less effort, 3d tends to look horribile when cheap
00,02i meen what, theres at least 3 sold out conventions going on RIGHT NOW
yeah
I love the fact that Im a friend with a brony hater and yet she likes me :D
yeah, there will be more seasons he said
Phase4: Indeed
soo, any dutch bronies here who are gonna go to the meetup in september?
00,02Vivix, 3d can be done well though
and Simpsons to had some 13 ep seasons
who here likes phoenix wright series?
I wonder if Brony Fan Fair is sold out...I expect to see thousands of people
Phase4: oh yes, but it costs a lot more in time and money to do it well
00,02look at reboot and beast wars, to quote two very early examples
Major: there should be more people like your friend :D
I mean, pony takes 6 months of animation?
00,02they got away with soo much by being clever
Hmm, haven't seen those
i wonder how long it takes to make an MLP episode
Ive only seen them on here :D
very cheap 3d studios tend to get results like that berry show on hub
00,02Vivix, dont let shizu hear you say that, she'll make you watch them
hehehe
00,02cheap 3d studios are full of sillies
Lol!
hehe yeah,
rdibp: well she doesnt hate brony's she just hates how they shove the show down your throaght :P
00,02they produce strawberry shortcake wich misses some very basic things
showing something down someones throat is the best way to make htem dislike it
Major: thats not all of them though, i hate how some people fall for brony steryotypes :[
Vivix, you will like ponies. No matter what.
Phase4: then comes Care Bears
I wonder if Strawberry Shortcake would look better iif it was trad-rig animation
00,02i've not seen care bears
Canterlot > Care-a-Lot
00,02ViolaGrey, trad-rig?
rdibp: eh, she's a good friend of mine so I respect her opinion, and no she's not my special somepony thats someone else :P
:D
Rig is like- very well done version of newgrounds
so I call it tradrig-
Vivix getting all technical up in here.
00,02the thing about animation though is its less about image quality and more about motion
yeah
and their use of rigs gives them tons of extra time on details and traditional things for fluent things where they need that
its hard to believe that they animate MLP on simple Flash
00,02Vivix, ah, i've only heard it refered to as vector animation
BFF has over 200 preregisterations :) - it's twice as big as Houstons S2 finale meetup - Awesome
Ello there everypony.
Phase4: yeah like the blue pony in the Best Night episode, he goes so freaken derpy :P
'ello Malavolent
00,02and the biggest problem i have with strawberry shortcake is the Lack of movment
yeah, both the trad and rig are vector based, but traditional is hand drawn frame by frame, and rig is like a flash asset with a doll/model thing
yeah
i wonder what those people are talking about
00,02you have maybe one thing on screen moving at any time, it looks so rigid and dead
I am very big proponet of dynamic scenes, like- that's my problem with anime at times, how little movement and reactions there are-
:O Rina-chan & General Zoi - confirmed guests
Some anime are better at that, I assume
00,02anime can sometimes get away with it, theres a contrast betwene background and caracters that hides it somewhat
Yo, Phase4?
00,02ohai Malavolent
Yeah-
How can I get to TF2 bronystate server exactly?
Did anyone hear that they got Rina-Chan and Bree Faith to do voices in the My Little Dashie movie?
I don't know who either are-
rdibp: Lolwut, they did?!?
00,02Malavolent, the addresses are spitfire nyx and applebloom .ariscop.net
00,02password for all 3 is ponies
Sif you don't know Rina-Chan Vivix
Thank ye.
yeah- I have no idea
My Little Dashie...Movie? :) This fandom never ceases to amaze me
Was she the voice behind the gypsy bard song?
The MLD movie is supposed to by finished by 2012 fall, right?
Phase4: Your servers seems empty of players atm
:P
00,02if this fandom gets a movie finished by this year i will eat my shoes
hehe
00,02killerpony7733, probably, feel free to fill them
Didn't know there was a website for it.
Phase4: screw that im eating my elbo :P
I'd rather see the MLD visual novel, it looked pretty neat.
*elbow
OMG PHOENIX WRIGHT IS A FIGHTER in marvel vs capcom 3. that is so cool
Careful Phase4, there are some among us that may hold you to that :P
Do half life still have that eh..protocol that lets you join games via browser?
00,02OBJECTION
Bronysith = slowpoke
00,02steam://connect/nyx.ariscop.net
00,02something like that
00,02probably horribly wrong but whatever
what are we waiting for :)?
ah yes, you could have links to that, but I'm not sure if that might have been--abused?
rdibp: no i already knew that, i just really want the fighting game now
rdibp: THANK YOU! Im no longer the only one that thinks that!
00,02Cypresswolf, if they get it finished that fast it wont be good
00,02takes time to make things
Major: wut?
Phase4, me and my friends used one this morning
http://www.mldmovie.com/final-draft-script-nearing-completion-voice-actors-listing/
00,02RAINB0W_CRASH, one of?
the servers
IMMA BLOW YA UP!
00,02^_^
I haven't been able to update TF2- 0.6mbps ,raawr
but we kept failing...
RAINB0W_CRASH: did you restart the map?
I got a 10gb patch waiting as well-
major yes
00,02everyone in this chat is free to use the servers
Major: what did you think?
I do think I did
WOOH!
PUNA BE SEXY!
*LUNA
RAINB0W_CRASH: then thats what happened, every time you Restart in MvM it crashes the whole server :P
:o
Trust me it happened three times to me :P
SEASON 3 SPOILER: it will take place in Equestria *trollface*
yep, Picture Perfect Pony fanmade video took 4-5 months to make 3 minutes of animation, voice acting, etc. by a handful of dedicated fans
00,02rdibp, :<
:D
Banned now and forever
:P
00,02^ Cypresswolf
dabi pls
ban yoself
Season 3 spoiler: There will be songs!
>:
:3
:>
rdibp: i will hunf you down and eat your milt
>:
pwnd.
Dark_Horst: Fine, HUNF me down if you will
dabi sit dwn pls
Jmo pls
:P
/me sits down
kllrpny pls
Killrpwny pls
rdibp: oh you bet your ass i will, i'll hunf you down so hard you wont even know
:O
09,02M03,02y06,02 04,02L07,02i08,02t09,02t03,02l06,02e04,02 07,02D08,02a09,02s03,02h06,02i04,02e07,02 08,02w09,02i03,02l06,02l04,02 07,02b08,02e09,02 03,02i06,02n04,02t07,02e08,02r09,02e03,02s06,02t04,02i07,02n08,02g09,02 03,02t06,02o04,02 07,02s08,02e09,02e
I'm still perplexed over virgin media.com
dem colors
it didnt crash major... we just were horrible at it, part of the team just kept being useless...
Phase4: wut?
00,10S3 of what?
hai Sumica
Allo Allo
STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE
Major, a story? A BronyState story or a life story?
Ohai again Sumica
RAINB0W_CRASH: Were you by any chance the people i played with?, I was a medic for most of the round and going under the name ''killerguythefox''
00,02simu pls
RAINB0W_CRASH: nope it was the restart, and if you want we could play some time, I could train you :P
oh shit. checked the schedule. the cmc voice actors will be on panel tonight
Okay
Major: YOU NEVER ANSWERED MY QUESTION :[
rdibp: wut question? ._.
00,02Dark_Horst, : D
sure major, add me on steam, Boltasar
00,02Dark_Horst, RECORD IT
lotr or cmc panel.... goddammit, need to fihure out a way to watch both
Major: what was the thing that you thought you only thought of?
Phase4: the everfree guys do that, it all will land on youtube^^
Major: There was a pony, a little pony. So little it was no use to anyone and they made it into dog food.
yes killerpony7733
The end.
O_O
Gonna publish that?
0_0
Was thinking about it
Nobel literary price goes to DARI
RAINB0W_CRASH: Yeah i remember it was horrible no coordination or anything and i just kept giving the heavy crits and our scout constantly dying
I'd call it...Pedigree Pony Chunks
PPC?
So when's the next event on BUCK?
It's a frightening allusion to todays society's tendency to discard the weak and helpless! Praise! Awards! Best writer of 2012
well killerpony7733 they just didnt want to listen to what I was trying to attempt, too much scoutyness and stuff....
00,02RAINB0W_CRASH, MvM is all about cordination
Phase4, I know that
whats MvM?
00,02mann vs machine
00,02tf2 mode
i havent been able to play that
00,02play now
i cant get on a server
rdibp: its...very broken....be warned....
00,02we have servers just for bronystate, plenty of space
its like my chat is behind on yours Phase4, you are always 1 second ahead of me pressing enter
00,02RAINB0W_CRASH, wat
rdibp: use the server browser, and find a match with under 6 people :P
00,02rdibp quit for some reason
00,02chat is ded
00,02is not big suprise
So... sleepy...
Phase4: aus servers?
Ah it's not officially Monday
Phase4: its early, and its sunday, the day of rest :P
Suck it up AdamTheDuck
now*
the third lotr movie will be on at 19:00 gmt, right?
00,02JRP, nope
Time to go in bad mood mode because it's Monday :|
00,02cant find a host that doesnt cost my kidneys
Phase4: DAMN IT GOD DAMNIT WHY NOW DAMIT
anyone?
00,02no clue
Well I'm off to sleep, night one... :)
Night AdamTheDuck
/me learning new song, sliding all over the place cursing
/me slaps Vivix around a bit with a large trout
Heeey!
Phase4: so besides MLP whats your favorite show? :P
I saw Mew live last night- and I just- have to learn some of it
Sup
:3
00,02Major, star trek
00,02tng is my current favorite, i've seen most of voyager, some of tng and one episode of enterprise
00,02havent watched much, if any, of the original series. must do that some time
how do i get on a bronystate server?
It seems that the fan concensus is that TNG>=>TOS>DS9>VOY>>ENT>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>rebooted movie
Phase4: you're forgeting DS9
00,02Spectrum_Rush, havent seen it and know little about it
ummmm....excuse me
00,02rdibp, look up connecting by ip
Well, heading out to church now. I'll be right back from there for LotR3. Mom and I did our shopping last night.
how do i do thaT/
00,02Spectrum_Rush, i know its 'deep space 9' which is refferenced as a federation outpost in tng
hello bronystate :)
Kandarihu: I don't know why, but that you and your mom watch the movies together makes me happy, have a nice day!
Has anyone here ever seen the animated series from Star Trek?
Vivix, thanks
how do i look up connecting by iP/
00,02Kothen, i've heard something about it
00,02rdibp, google
:[
hehe
im on tf@!
My mum used to watch The Inbetweeners with me sometimes.
you have to restart anyway, I think
I was pretty surprised she actually liked it
tf two
00,02Vivix, nope, its anoying though because of the passwords
Aah-
00,02to connect via console run password ponies
You don't need to restart to activate console? Or you don't use that anymore? /outdated
fuck this, im just joing a random server
00,02then connect [ip]
lolhemad
00,02Vivix, theres an ingame option
HOW DO I CONNECT IP ;[
:[
ahh- well the ingame option never worked to me, from hl1 and up that is, maybe it does now
00,02rdibp, server browser -> add server
easyist way to win MvM... 5 Heavys and an Engineer with a Dispenser behind them
Learn to google.
00,02rdibp, our servers are nyx.ariscop.net , applebloom.ariscop.net and spitfire.ariscop.net
on tf2?
00,02rdibp, yes
i just look those uP/
test
dat test
I thought my client died
00,02i must sleep now
Night Phase4
00,02someone else help rdibp with his tf2
cya later Phase4
cyaa, sleep tight
He already left :<
00,02Jmo4267, when he gets back
Wilco Phase4
hey guys
Hai alexxm
how you doing Jmo4267
I'm alright, yourself?
i'm good
Tis good.
hey Phase4 has Gods and Generals ever been played on this site?
00,02Major, i dont know
00,02also i'm still here because my computer wont suspend
Major if it's a movie, there's a movie backlog somewhere
Heya everypony!
Hiya
Hey EggWhite
Hey EggWhite :P
hai EggWhite
00,02Major, http://www.bronystate.net/about-us/past-movies
Major, that movie hasn't been played before.
Isn't listed in the logs Phase4 just linked.
00,02its under about us which i find odd
00,02EVERYONE VOTE FOR THAT
Or else?
I say everyone nominated The Gamers
00,02nothing
so insanely low budget, and bad, and hilarious
Phase4: would that be A or B
00,02i'd rather you vote for my choice, 'The Dish' and 'Malcom'
00,02two great aussie movies imho
00,02Spectrum_Rush, it was b
ERMHAGHERD legend of dragoon is fucking awesome
hello :3
...
/me licks sonicandmario85 in a hello
Hi Everypony
My tongue greets you, child
Hi
o.o
hi groogle :3
I'm out of songs! Fffuck
ya know what movie i found funny that was B... if it was cause i cant remeber back less than a month for some reason, that enthiran movie i mean it was so awesome
Dat Vivix
somad:3
;__; sosad
:P
how you doing Groogle
Bek is weird.. "Like a giant dildo crushing the sun" I'm suure he sings that
Apple sad
Very good, thank you
o..o
00,10it is rather good for a US made RPG Bronysith
Phase4: gtfo and sleep
give the finger to the rock 'n' roll singeras he's dancing upon your paycheckthe sales climb high through the garbage-pail skylike a giant dildo crushing the sun
Sumica: i love it man, havent played it in 10 years cause i could never find a copy. now it is on delicious psn
Aw yeah, the 90's
90s rules
aw yeahh
Sumica: VOLCANO!
00,10sadly I was never able to beat it. My PSX died and by the time I got around to playing it again my ps2 died
00,10HARRRRRRRRPOOOOOONN!
Sumica: WHIP SMACK
Sumica: well do you have a ps3? it is on the PSN
00,10I do not.
that sucks
emulator it?
Bronysith, Mooonstrike
00,10meh emu's tend to not work well with ps games
thats what i heard
00,10and the whole quick time would be rough
i love the timing aspect of dragoon
Hi bronystate.
Sumica, I had a friend that emulated Legend of Dragoon
00,02pscx i think it is, works quite well
it is the first real turnbased game that i liked Sumica
00,02they have most of a ps2 emulator now
00,10it's a psx game though
00,02Sumica, the ps2 variant is called pscx2 or something, havent looked at it in ages
how you doing FillyFlam
00,10might look in to it, been wanting to stream some older games
ive gotten my PS1 emu to work quite well
alexxm: Pretty good, thanks. :)
Sumica: i am proud to say i follow this cult classic ^_^
00,02http://www.pcsx.net/ here it is
00,02http://pcsx2.net/ and this site has changed a lot sence i last looked
ERMHAGHERD WHY IS THIS AWEOSME?!
i use ePSXe
00,10incredible crisis would be amusing to stream
00,10and I love the theme
i love the music to dragoon
GO ROSE AND TRANSFORM
dart
such a badass
he is not some emo bitch
i use very old PSP
is there no stream?
should i get a vita?
YES
y?
they are awesome
y?
Heavy rain outside :P
Major: better save shaun
nomnomnomnom rain
chocolate rain
i have one. they are just awesome
I want rain here
Why are they awesome?
why does the ps1 and ps2 have my fav games?
because those system were awesome
yes
i say if you started gaming in the ps2 era or earlier
you played great games
eeyup
and therefore i recognize you as a gamer
except for systems such as the 3do and cd-i
yea
3d0 had good games...
if you started on the ps2 or ps2, nes, snes,
just sayin
ps1 derp
Bronysith: Implying someone younger than that generation doesn't play old school games.
Did I just hear 3DO?
yes
XD
1 or 2 good games but other than that
Spell-of-Gaming: well i very rarely see 10 year olds nowadays playing snes
on 3do
nes is a current fad, a lot of 15 yearolds play it because it is cool
i still play snes games on my browser
cause lets see
snes had
CHRONO TRIGGER
sega cd wasn't too good either
i owmed a SNES
FF3 (FF6)
Bronysith: It's rare to find the SNES nowadays, though. So that's kind of an exception.
I grew up with amiga, comodore and computers
and i can play the SNES in a emulator
FF 3(6) and Chrono yay
chrono trigger
such an awesome game
eeyup
I grew up with amiga too
playing fallout ruined final fantasy for me-
um
how?
We had Amiga 500 and 1200
Spell-of-Gaming:if you want one get a emulator and then download a rom file and play it on here
Vivix: fallout 1?
I never ha fun with other RPGS after playing fallout 1 and 2
had*
sonicandmario85: Er... I know that.
Vivix: well try out the awesomeness that is chrono trigger
I might- what kind of game is that?
jrpg
it is fantastic though
omg
so aweosme
you can combine attacks
and read the pony chrono trigger fic too
are they still on break?
hm- maybe, I'm like that group that loed WRPGS and Point and click adventures
I loved pont & click too
Hey :)
Hai MaxTheBrony
Broken Swooord
hi
Haya
Chrono Trigger is normal for me.
I like JRPGs and WRPGs
you cant vote for obama, you cant vote for mitt romney, WHO AM I SUPPOSED TO VOTE FOR!?!?!
I got addicted playing too much Earthbound
The only JRPGs I've tried are really Final Fantasy, and it didn't do it for me
i still need to play that
that and RPGXmaker games
ty sweet merciful sexy molestia for emulators
Bronysith: :S
my views just changed towards you
wat?
using emulators?
:D
bbl gotta do somethings :s
<_<
emulators are fine
yes
i love chrono trigger
eeyup
whats chrono trigger?
rdibp: ...
has anyone play radiant historia on the DS?
the best rpg on the snes
read the pony chrono trigger on fimfiction
To be honest, I liked Super Mario RPG more than Chrono Trigger.
chrono trigger is the single greatest rpg on the snes
combining attacks
WHY HASNT ANYONE ELSE DONE THIS?!
me
I like talking and walking-
i have
Er... Kirby 64?
Sumica: are you downloading that now?
so how is BUCK going anyway
Kirby 64 combined abilities.
super mario RPG, chrono trigger, final fantasy 6 and earthbound are all kinda tied for me
I hope they can bring back that feature
super mario rpg was a great game
ff7 chrono trigger and ff6 are tied for 1st as my fav game of all time
console rpgs...they can in no way compare to titles like gothic or morrowind
i disagree
what?
morrowind is good
didn't this entire conversation spark from Bronysith asking if he should get a PSvita
nay
it is the single greates TES game ever
i love how complex morrowind is. it makes me feel like i get shit acoopmlished
what's with the stream?
INSTEAD OF THE STUPID ARROW POINTING ME WHERE TO GO
I never played morrowind until this year, installed MGE XE and Codepatch, man that game is AMAZING
you actually have to read in your journal where to go
I love getting lost- takes me back to old rpgs
Sometimes I wish Bronystate never awarded a "best pony" award
how come?
they awarded a best pony award?
Some people took it as canon
well
Which really made me facepalm so hard.
twilight sparkle is my fav pony
there are mods for skyrim which give you this feeling too. having a gps tracking system in a medieval fantasy world is just silly
some people take lots of stuff as canon...
it was just a bit of fun
you can turn off compass in INI for skyrim, makes it a very beautiful game
DaringDerpy: seriously. in a game like fallout 3 or new vegas it works
best pony award? never heard of it
Unfortunately, half of those people don't know what a headcanon is.
EFS, etc, yes
but it works a bit too well comapred to the pipboy in F1 and F2 sometimes
"i love the elder scrolls series. skyrim is my favorite. whats morrowind?"
in F1 and 2 you have to buy a heavy motion detector to get "EFS"
I HATE FALSE GAMERS
in new vegas. you can get an orbital ion cannon. so I guess gps is ok
it has to triangulate with something
DaringDerpy: but how do you have gps in skyrim? how do you know where to go? DOVA SENSES?!
no
it is just handholding bullshit that ruins immersion
In Van Buren it was stated that sattelites still orbit earth
people mark on your map?
yes, but the player position
same problem in Morrowind though
having a more or less correct map and a compass should be enough
All I can say is thank God for quick travel
in Skyrim and Oblivion there's a sentence in Ini file that turns off Compass
compass doesn't have to be though
hi
how you doing LoGaN
goood
the only thing I miss in Morrowind is walkspeed and quicktravel, because going back and forth a lot is annoying
not using quick travel is the real fun...there is always something entertaining on the way
it is, unless you have to go back and forth a lot
how are you alexxm
Vivix: there is quick travel in morrowind
Yes, something to distract you from your 30 minute walk
Vivix: the silt striders
:P
only the boats and the silt striders
i'm good LoGaN
:d
its funny cause you said good
my assassin in morrowind had something around 160 speed. walking somewhere never took long
I avoid Vivec like the plague, because walking there is such a pain when I have low athletics skill
i have high acrobatics
the starting walkspeed is horrible though- I mean it feels like I'm holding down ctrl
cause jumjping is faster Vivix
yeah, I jump everywhere
my acrobatics is so high
wat we talkin about?
hi alexxm :)
Morrowind and other games
hi alexxm
sup DaringDerpy
all I hear from b.u.c.k is some distant "rabble rabble"
what are they doing there?
poop
BUCKers gunna buck
<_< >_>
NEKKID TIME
/me dances about
Fine thanks LoGaN, how about yourself?
good just got up im still tired though
potter puppet pals
JappleAck: YES!
NAKED TIME
/me strips
wut.
alexxm: no
/me dances about nekkid
why not LoGaN
no
only dumbledore
but i am dumbledore
no
:O
NEKKID TIME FOR ALL
/me dances about
YAY!
no
Well, yesterday I was Dumblewhore
The only thing that was going through my mind^
'Dumblewhore'
i'd buy that for a dollar
wat
Dumble..whore?
brb
Dubelhoer pls
Yep
grabbing lunch
who here playse minecraft?
/me plays some technic
spectrub_ruff pls
i'm gonna go see The Campain. i'll be back on later.
did a pls meme begin its existence last night?
nop
so nopony plays minecraft?
I've seen it twice now! Never before then-
Vivux pls
more like a month atleast
Just Technic Logan
dabi pls
REALLLY?
/me is blind
RLY
jaymoo nad i bin dun it fur evar
hi
dabi iz rght
I'm--stunned
It is 11:37AM and I'm bored out of my mind.
jaymoo pls
DABI PLS
go to ur roof
it's 17:38 and my back hurts
an jamp of
is rel fun
i promis
i will
k dabi
GIMME $20
i do it 4 u
WHENS THE MUSIC COMING ON
You asked for too much!
brny stat pls
Dabi is too much.
I'm back
Epileptic warning
dabi pls
you two remind me of mspaint adventures right now
Vivix: That's cause it's what they are doing
hehehe
Vivux pls
:P
Oh my-
dabi ther stram nu vida lins pls
The best mspaint adventure is the 'get spoon in drawer' one, it's just likeADHD mind
Heya everypony!
Hiya
how've things been Zanon
Spectrum_Rush:THIS IS AN ENGLISH CHAT NOT A JAPENESE CHAT
/me glomps Vivix
dem adventures
/me inapproriately hugs Jmo4267
So far so good, just double checking everything my kids need for tommorow. then ill be free... my morning will be free once again huzzah!
o.o
hehe
/me tackles Vivix
a brony with kids...
D=
Nemnemnemnemnem
sonicandmario85: ã‚ãªãŸã¯ã€ã“ã“ã§æ–°ãŸã«ã™ã‚‹å¿…è¦ãŒã‚ã‚Š
:3
ãƒ˜ãƒ«ãƒ—ã§rãƒ—ãƒ«ã€ã‚ã„ã‚ã‚‹ã˜ã‚ƒã±ã­ã™
engrish pls
APPLES APPLES APPLES APPLES APPLES APPLES APPLES APPLES APPLES
okay guys, I'll be right back. I'm thirsty
I just mixed up a drink. nomnomnom
im just drinking water
Yep a brony with kids. turn them into bronys also!
Water is scarce, drink vodka instead
^^^^
dabi vodka pls
vodka everywhere.
/me chases alexxm
vodka is made from...
/me drinks the vodka
GIMME 20 DOLLARS
potatos
Someone give him $20 already
you know, water is one of the principle components of cancer
dari have a paypal, i'll give you $20 next month
NullRadix:lier
also, if you drink too much, your cells explode
lier
You can only get cancer if you're alive
You know what to do
NullRadix:i drank alot before and my cells didnt explode
:P
dabi so wise
brilliant
/me sighs
and one time my stomach was upset so i drank alot of water and my stomach wasnt upset anymore
I can imagine NullRadix is facepalming right now.
in all seriousness, cancer cells are similar to normal cells in that they do contain a lot of water. what i said was true, but misleading
sonicandmario85: http://leavingbio.net/OSMOSIS%20AND%20DIFFUSION_files/image021.gif
Dat water be killing yo celllllllllllllls
dymkon?
and yes, if you drink way, WAY too much water, it will kill you
Yup
Tis true.
You can drown
Too
But drink as much vodka as you want
It's all good
^
You'll puke it up before you die. Probably.
50 cubic meters of water can kill you in less than a second
water isnt
dat alcholhol
water is natrual
Nah the death from vodka numbers is lower
sanic pls
we drink it
Alcholhol is natural
you can drink a LOT of water before it will kill you. as long as you stop when your stomach tells you to you're fine
We drink it
u mus hav gon scool wer i did
LOl Dumorimasoddaa
SHUT UP AND TAKE THE TRUTH
shoes are not natural
Elephants drink it
HAHA
FRUIT IS ALSO NATRUAL
Dat natrual
DOES FRUIT KILL YOU TOO?
ya no its funny I drank more when i was under age then i do know when im legal to drink
I come back after church and chat is discussing what's natural and death by.water
ikr
how was church? talked about death by locusts and blood rain?
Nopony lurks like Gaston
ooo DaringDerpy
besides if your talking about the water thats from the foset the goverments the one putting things in it
i drink distilled water
dat foset
and it absorbs all those ting like cloride the goverment put in
things*
if you boil it thats what happens
DaringDerpy: Don't start a religion argument
DaringDerpy lool it was good and no topics abouns with Hellfire dark fire this fire in my skin
One question DaringDerpy, is it in the bible?
hmhm
yes
and if you think distilled water kills you you sir are a lier i drank ALOT before
the last chapter
Ima grab a bible for shizz n giggles.
Never gone through one before
even plants drink water
/me dances around chat
First time I looked at a Bible
but not distilled though
Oh sonicandmario85, you will learn as you grow up.
I went to go and find page 666
Oh you dabi.
/me glomps PillowPoni
Dabi pls
thats it
never looked at a bible
Jmo4267:my parents even drank alot they are still alive
PalowBoni pls
/me is glomped. "High
spoiler: there are ponies in it
Hi*
Hai :3
how you doing PillowPoni
besides how the fuck is alcholhol natral? its just modified water that has a fizz to it
I'm fine, alexxm. How about yyou?
alcholhol natral
i'm doing good PillowPoni
This is too funneh
wow...
Mind your language sanic
alexxm nice /)
Boiling water dosent remove anything from it
PillowPoni (\
i cant believe how stupid you guys are to think alcholhol is nattrual....
Dumorimasoddaa: Just kills bacteria
LOL
Unless you actually distill it
YOU THINK WE'RE SERIOUS
HAHA
no i dont
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-EEHDOtYVzXU/Ti4peBmoVaI/AAAAAAAAJMw/0Nkz8vC_BF8/s1600/38310+-+Discworld+Fanart+crossover+death+pinkie_pie.png
Define 'natural'
Forgive my interruption my sarcasm is augmented
sonicandmario85 elephants delibrately brew alchol from fruit to get drunk
If by natural you mean 'existing in nature - not manmade' alcohol is naturally ocurring in nature anyway
Therefore it's natural
bk
In everyway
/me tackles Vivix
DaringDerpy lolok
/me screams
You've missed a funny segment of this chat.
Book of the Revelation of Saint John the Divine. that's the correct title
I see remnants of alcholism
so its in fruit? if its in fruit people are probaly taking it and pouring sugar in it...
What'd you end up grabbing to drink Vivix?
water, and juice
What type of juice?
sonicandmario85 you can make alchol with crab apples and water
Alcohol is fermentation of various types
orange
Dabi be trolling? And I'm missing out on it? Blashphemeh!
And some chewing
I see.
Hey, hey jaymoo
dabi pls
wut u wnt
Do you guys drink jaeger over in Australia?
im just drinking some distilled water right now the regular water taste like shit
Hey guurlz ive returned from the world of robot fighting
I don't think so
Distilled water is tasteless
I still want to drink it
does it look like
Jmo4267: http://www.amathusdrinks.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/5e06319eda06f020e43594a9c230972d/j/a/jagermeister.jpg this stuff
i care?
Regular water taste dependso n where you live
Wait, do you mean Jagerbomb?
water has taste?
Oh that stuff, dunno.
JÃ¦germeister is sold over here, but I don't drink so- neved had it
Water has taste
Don't think so
Well yeah, it's what's in a jagerbomb
>_>
distilled water as a little bit of good taste to it
why does a giraffe need to stay in a hotel?
has*
I guess we do drink it then, y?
not much stuff going on on the stream is there
sonicandmario85 it shouldn't not if it's 100% pure
dabi cmin to australa?
WHEN ARE THEY GOING TO COME BACK!?!? :[
U jelly? <:
Lolnop
i am jelly
>:
all the cool kids are at the buck convention
X3
I don't support alcoholism, sorry broski.
/me shakes head
<3
this is bought distilled water
I don't mind people drinking, but I don't like being around them when they do
Non ionised?
besides you can drink without getting drunk, so- I don't mind
LunarSS ish
You can buy it here
But I don't think "people" import it
More companies
i guess alcholhol isnt good for you because of sugar since your body turns it to acid and doesnt know where to store it
okay, in canda its known to be the cheapest worst beer you can buy
don't do alcholhol kids
Oh it's shit
No, that's not quote how it works sonicandmario85 when it comes to alcohol, whether or not alcohol is bad for your BODY is disputed, but it is bad for your behaviour if you're so inclined
But there's cheaper here
Gods bless Polish imports
i just drink lemonade juice and water
Lemonade is a juice?
I drink mocktails. WOO
part juice, I guess
yea exept it has sugar
in it
i like dr pepper
so good
its a juice since its made with lemon juice
Morning Bronystate.
GOOD MORNING
not exactly,lemonade is juice, but most of the water has been taken out and sugar has been added
Morning Jim, welcome to your entertainment for today.
By that logic wine is a juice as is cider
I don't know the english word, but we use saft a lot, juice vs saft, juice is when it's just the juice and saft is when it's more
is Buck over?
Nope
Monday
So does that make a screwdriver juice too then sonicandmario85
how've things been Jim
Because it's got orange juice in it
Saft is german?
:P
Fri-sun
LOL
dabi pls
Saft is norwegian and germanic I figure
WELCOME TO BRONYSTATE where me deliberate on the validity of liquids as juice and the like
hah
orange juice is best juice..
Hell no
huzah, the fun has been doubled
Juice pure from furit
Cranberry and Apple juice for life.
apple juice is good too
I like blueberry-
Is aloud to be consentrated then rehydrated but that's all
and grape juice
All I hear from stream "Rabble rabble rabble!"
most juices have added apple juice...
I need to find a blueberry mocktail
hey Jim how are you?
I'm good, thanks.
My family are returning home today :)
That's nice to know Jim!
WHY ARE WE STARING AT A PICTURE ON THE STREAM
'cause they're not streaming
cause the BUCK con
Cause you love typing with caps.
because reasons
sonicandmario85, Because the stream will return shortly
a moving picture
its sure taking a while
shortly is several hours?
Boltasar, Witchcraft!
wonder if there will be a stream for Canterlot Gardens
check the schedule it says
I don't usually watch constreams
it should be almost over now
sunday 1700
Virgin Mary drink sounds nasty. bleh
i dont plan on drinking alchohol, i might
Best juice ^
:P
I barely drink any alcohol
Virgin Cuba Libre is best drink
dabi pls
the only alcholhol i ever drank in my life is 7-up
LOL
10 cent for bacon juice? Where do I sign up?
7-up is alcohol...\
XD
Spirts are best alcoholic beverage
Then comes mead, then beer
dats like death in liquid form there dari... delicious delious death
Berry Sweetheart is best drink, y'all wrong.
Drink mead 'erry day.
eveybody knows mercury is best drink
Boltasar: o u
or jodium, from japan
acid is best drink because its EXTREEEEEEEEEEEEEEME
I got a message from a friend saying
I remember kids used to hang out outside of 7/11 drinking energy drinks as if they were drunk
"Rum and cherry Kool Aid
Drink that drink and drink it well
"
"Awh man this burns!"
Maybe that's best drink
Vivix what?!
yeah, kids are weird
when energy drinks were just becoming cool here, it was--weird
im actually a kid
i know a bar that makes proper cider but im 16 so i cant even get in the bar :l
im 10
I've only been in two bars, and neither times did I drink
I'm proud of you Vivix
;D
God at least we Drink/Drank energy drinks like there where that
hehe
>kids show does an episode about cider
TIME TO KILL A VIRAGE
yeah
allthought i have drank cider before tasted wierd
Clearly not many of them know it is supposed to be alcoholic then
:P
I still say it was nonalcoholic cider wit hfroth as artistic liberty
everypony should drink iodine from fukushima
best drink of them all
with a bit of luck it can even glow
Boltasar, you're gonna get someone killed broski.
I've spent 6kâ‚¬ in bars last year and it was a total waste of money. Always the same losers with the same stories. Stopped drinking now.
I don't drink or smoke, so I get a lot of left over money to buy crap I want-
You should drink with us instead
evne if I am make next to no money at all
We're way more fun
/me glomps Vivix
:P
dabi pls
6k in euros is how much in $?
u no fun at all
>:
dari
Don't need to drink to have fun here
I spend most money on games and computer parts
:>
;___________________________________________________;
I don't smoke to much fitness related activity I do
I do drink
you pinged me earlier
[16:47] <Jmo4267> dabi so wise
dari 1 sec
I was drunken in this chatroom before...always got into trouble ^^
what is it
Quick_Thinker, 7392$
I was thinking you'd know what to say
damn
In response to that
:P
Dafuq is a dabi
Jmo4267: he knows
DABI PLS
Yahos pls
Quick_Thinker: 7-8k
ROD TYOHOON
Oh that dolan shit
Bingo
Jmo4267 pls
1â‚¬ is $1.20
man i wish i could have gone to ever free northwest but i still have Canterlot Gardens
yahuu plz
god... THIS GAME IS AEWOSME
cause i live in Indiana
Yahos, spred wise wise wurds pls
Bronysith, Which game?
Bronysith, yh, which game
k
Lol
WHENS THIS TING ON THE STREAM GONNA BE OVER
Jim: Boltasar legend of dragoon
Wops, popout disconects me
thing*
Tsk tsk Vivix.
sonicandmario85, SOON (tm)
Not too bad thanks Major, you?
/me is ashamed
"A man must stand on top a hill with his mouth open for a very long time before a duck flies in." -prince dari
Mfw dark crystal is on tv right now
:D
my god it never gets old
Ahh, cool Major. <:
So I just saw Nochilas Cage's favorite house on TV
*kids are
Nicholas**
He has himself.
Ahahaha
xD
Tennant ofc
Who could possibly match up to me
Oh
Well, yeah
That's the best special somepny.
:P
TENNNNANT
And Olly
Tennant x Dari, such a beautiful mental image
Tennant <3
and dare i say
Vivix, You know you want to see that.
/me swoons
I'm finding it to be a hilarious mental image.
Jim hell yeah
He fucking loves you
yep XD
Lol'd
God dammit, hacks.
hax0rz
/me sits on it
you've got a dari in a box
the only possible special somepony I have atm live on an island on the other side of the continent...
lives*
Another story.
Tell us the story of your people.
HE HAS NO PEOPLE.
he only has ponies....
Gold star for Major.
yay~
Well, our adventure begins with a somewhat unexpected little character.
Dat Magicka
Jmo4267, IKR
Jmo4267, best game ever
A can of Pedigree Pony Chunks.
The puns that were filled in that game.
o_O
I wish I'd seen this poster back in school http://i.imgur.com/vtfVC.jpg
oh, we continue the last story
good
tl;dr dabi
Poor Fluttershy http://i.imgur.com/PwsXp.jpg
Our can was huddled up tightly with many other cans in a small, dark, and dank place.
Oh my~......
/me is watching the Expendables right now... and can't understand a word that is coming from there mouths
DIE VIRAGE DIE
Be back later, Dinner
None of the cans were feeling very talkative, so they waited in their prison in silence.
._.
that story is pretty dark
/me sips his tea
Could be darker
After a while, the floor began to shake beneath them, and a great roar could be heard from outside the confines of the large metal container.
Smash his globes then.
that is why I said pretty Dumorimasoddaa
:p
This continued for many an hour, and the time slipped by slowly.
I can imagine how much tension is ripping apart several people in this chart.
Many a good, and innocent can fell during this tumultuous trip.
chat*
im gonna try to take a nap im tired :P
Buck yeah, story time motherbuckers!
i went to bed at 12 last night
Our brave little can however survived.
and streams back
it begins
oh look, we have ignition
whats this?
OK NVM THE NAP IM WATCHING THIS
something happens :o
Your story just got jacked dabi.
Oh, I wonder what's now
By the BUCK stream.
dat Rainbow Mohawk
is that the pre-opening?
Bitch please I can remove the embed. :P
ROFL
dabi pls, u rnt gud enuf
What kind of people will be featured here? All the major stars are EFNW, right?
Lets see if we can spot Wrek somewhere :
:P
Middle of the table.
What do I win?
Dis gon b good.
Tervicz: this is the EVNW stream
Inb4 ponies.
It's not
It's BUCK
I thought it was BUCK
It is
It'll be 5 Pinkie and a half http://i.imgur.com/ZHQ5M.jpg
i think Wrek is still at the front table on the right
BUCK is back
CrimsonPhoenix: want!!!
EverFree Radio is doing the stream for BUCK too
That's why
If you look at the logo on stream right now
It says "BRONY UK CONVENTION"
And it the BUCK logo
is*
hi
So, BUCK and EFNW is happening at the same time?
I think at this moment EFNW is still recovering from their hangovers
Yep Malavolent
It doesn't say BUCK, you're lying dabi.
Well, damn.
They're both so far away.
jaymoo pls
Hard to miss
:P
Jmo4267, Yes it does, it says Brony UK Convention
look at the projector screen
Jmo4267: YYYYYYYYYYEEEEESSSSSSSSSS
Oh you Jim.
I still won't forgive them that the acronym is BUCK and not BUKC.
dat hayt
Wonder what the weather is like.
Hot
Very
yes
it
oooh, this is from EFNW secondary stream. now i get t
is
Bollock, it is the UK.
It was upwards of 30 C yesterday
It is in the whole europe.
No such thing exists in UK.
Not sure what it is now
I thought hot summers in England didn't exist
The hottest day of the year.
it was 30C here
Malavolent, it is indeed, getting sick of it already
Then again, Australia did have some very harsh winter this year.
its too hot today and too cold next month
I dont feel like doing shit because of the weather
TMI
Boltasar
Sketchy Sounds
Boltasar: I don't like hot weather as well.
If Nail were here
He would be raging
XD
WOO Wrek
WREK
WOOT
Who's wrek?
Major: Scootachicken
Major: the only good guy in dashiesauce, scootachicken
Malavolent, The one on the right
dat veggie55
He doesn't have a beard.
Bronysith: your banned from there so shhh
He isn'T Wrek.
Dat Veggie
Major: *you're
Bronysith: do I give a crap? Nope :3
Major: yes you do
who'S ons creen?
Bronysith: nope :3
Veggie55 Dark_Horst
what'S his job?
>__>
I must say that I havent seen scoota in quite a while, not even on skype.
dat coffee
That guy is Tombstone?
Did his mum just come in or something?
nah
dat mother
I can hardly understand them
yep dabi
i dont think that'S tombstone
definately jot
*not
It isn't tombstone
lel
He doesn't wear glasses.
And his accent...
he also has shorter hair
gotta drink ALL the time
and his head is shvedish
and that easteuropean accent
Well then, who is that guy?
veggie55
He's a guy who draws stuff
Where does he get his ideas?
Doesn't ring bell.
LSD
I just order them on ebay
Bottomless cup is bottomless.
ooh, he's that guy
Its like the cup from the Seberian song
Yess that guy.
Malavolent, but a bottomless cup is empty... everythign that goes in goes out
Boltasar: Stop with your fancy logic.
is that saberspark?
No >_>
sonithat is in no way saberspark
God I would hate to have to answer these questions, they're meh
How do you draw in that style?
this hall has terrible acoustics
You just do
Now GTFO
hehe
Inspiration: Ponies
is it the living tombstone? he looks familliar
nope, sonicandmario85
sonicandmario85: We agreed that he isn't.
It is Veggie55 sonicandmario85
Veggie55, right?
Why do they interview him, out of all drawfriends?
I'd say the pub wouldn't serve me
:P
Ireland.
Oireland
Lawl XD
That cup really is bottomless
Can't figure out what they say.
Are there any Belgians in this chat?
Probably
jim, it is probably the klein's bottle
Wait, Major. Veggie55 is from Ireland, go hi-jack his skype stream.
Oh bollocks to you.
;-;
o/
http://cheezburger.com/6522262528
laser art?
/me wants to live in France with his future wife ;~;
Keep wishin'
Lazer ponies, seems cool
Whats next? Space Ponies? :P
Bronysith: is good day
lalalala~
Spectrum_Rush: yup
/me applauds
Veggie just grinning constantly
Wrek: is damn attractive
But he doesn't have a beard.
Who said he had a beard?
wrek is the right one?
Yep, the right one
Who said he hadn't beard?
and the other two?
Maybe he has one of those retractable beards?
Oh you Jim.
That's lame.
Wrek: looks like my neighbor...
He composes music as well?
Well he does have a keyboard
NEEERDS!
That's why I asked.
Tsk tsk DaringDerpy
Jim, I have a keyboard, but I dont compose music
Has Wrek said anything yet?
Of course.
Actions speaks for Wrek.
which one is wrek?
probably has
he is a norse god, he doesnt have to say anything
Middle one DaringDerpy
He introduced himself.
Far right is
all of them then
I b lying :>
Middle is the laser guy I thought
He talked something about his drawings
can't remember exactly what
I dunno, I was just playing with DaringDerpy :P
Ryunosuke: No idea, I'm trying to find out :P
lying brings you straight to hell, Jmo4267
WAT DO
hahaha emotes are fun :P
He's bored.
And how thou shall hath no mercy in hell as thou have no care factor aye.
the audio isn't very good
Wrek: why you look like my friend ryan?
this is wrek?
Bronysith, Why does your friend Ryan look like Wrek?
Terrible accoustic.
nope
DaringDerpy, The one on the right is wrek.
Jim: i award you for your perception
Jim: you receive a life time supply of ice cream
Hi guys :)
Yesss
hi MaxTheBrony
Hai MaxTheBrony
Heya MaxTheBrony
Jim: do you want to know what flavor?
zoom in pls
Bronysith, Ice cream Flavour
so wrek is there the one to the right.
Jim: BOOT TOT HE HEAD
who is streaming :)?
DaringDerpy: Can't do that, Dave.
/me throws a boot at Jim
Is it Bronystates?
O.o
I'm disappoint
EFR is streaming BUCK MaxTheBrony
MaxTheBrony, Wrek is the one on the Right in the panel
Ah
the small guy?
This is Everfree Radio's stream though
ah
why is wrek on the panel btw?
Wrek's a special guest
Because arts
Because he was invited there
ah :)
Because XD!
allright
I guess artists are there.
dabi pls, he brib'd dem
Awesome :)
he used viking magic
oh hey kirzstryfe.
good afternoon everypony :)
dat kirzstryfe
/me glomps kirzstryfe
Hello kirzstryfe
where?
kirzstryfe: how are you today mate?
Afternoon kirzstryfe :)
hi kirzstryfe
kirzstryfe: have you played legend of dragoon before?
who's the guy in the grey shirt that's talking now?
tired, had to be at work at 4am -.-
I haven't even noticed him without colored text.
I wish we could see all the bronystaters there if they dicided to meet up :)
I have no idea who they are
Ulthane, I don't know really
nope, haven't played it before
people
Wrek and his Rarity :3
kirzstryfe: didnt expect you too. it is an underrated gem
Rofl
Hey everyone
im back from my short nap
Hey Major pm that pic
Hey Anon
XD
Wb sonicandmario85
private on fire
AttacktheAndalite: right one sec....
He's got nothing
then his sound went
WATDO
:p
Okay
haha
This is going smooth.
Lawl
boooo
I want my money back
You didn't pay anything
what did that read=
What did the sign say?
dunno
who is the others ? Its Wrek, and other artists?
Couldn't read it
WREKKY
fix your mic
is wrek in there?
sonicandmario85, Yes
D'aww
awww
Good 'ol Veggie
http://www.points2shop.com/?ref=uin1345860944
all of them are wrek
WHERE ISH HE
Technology people!
sonicandmario85, The one on the right in the panel
I think he might be blond
anon no ad links here...
whats dis
Stream from Buck Con
It's BUCK
ah
buck... con
wreks in it too
Computer issues
hehe
Molestia present?
id rather not watch something like this and feel bad for not being able to go
buck con, so silly
I APPLOLGIZE
Hey everypony, probably a long shot, has a guy called EggWhite been by yet?
hey kirzstryfe
why are they laughing?
Someone is dying in that crowd.
EggYolk nope
He doesn't write text. He writes pixels.
EggYolk: no
yey zoom it
Damnit.
this is wrek?
to the right
not left :)
He had
Been here
Oh well
How many Bronystaters can we expect seing in this stream?
CBA - I'm ill
i wish we could see them all :s
Also no accomodation
Infect them all.
Dem excuses dabi.
Just look after his Pink mane
England
dabi plsss
Is it near UK?
Such a pom dabi.
:P
6_9
manchester
^
Malavolent, Yes, England is near the UK..
Who is middle guy? and the guy to the left?
Lol Jim
anyone know them?
The guy in the middle makes laser ponies
I'm sure the middle guy is Laserpony.
the guy on the left, no idea
Laser ponies?
o.O
ah 3d printer?
hey everypony :)
The guy to the right makes r34 of ponies.
Hey Rainbow--Dash
MaxTheBrony SketchySounds and BitterTea according to livestram chat:P
ah thank you Ulthane :)
Malavolent, so wrek? :P
Ryunosuke: Eeyup.
Who
O.o
does wrek do r34 ponies O.o
how you doing Rainbow--Dash
Ahahaha
heya Rainbow--Dash :)
He most certainly does.
Wait, Wrek wears glasses?
the one on the right is wrek. and no, he doesnt r34
I haven't seen any R34 by Wrek O_o
^
xD
WHAT?
No r34 ponies there
:p
he does saucy though
guys, that osnt r34, its pinup art
He used to hates ponies. Jesus o_O
Dat Veggies
<.< Rofl Pinup art with ponies.
"Wrek doesn't do r34" you so silly
sounds creppy
:3
r34 means fla out porn
yeah
Rofl im to young to view that image
:P
never saw any of that from wrek
I thought he was a good boy :s
Huh
Never seen that before
ok what is this?
kidzrul434, BUKC
Pink hair alert.
Dat BUKC
Needless to say though, don't post any explicit images again
really dari? he start it on stream
wow... i never saw that pic before
Just a thought: I live near Flanders Fields. Would such a place attract Canadian MLP staff if there were to be a con there?
Malavolent had the same thought :p
good he stopped doing these
Omg a top hat.
... i cant even view the image
god why is my english failing so hard
dem coloured manes
I SAW SOMEONE WEARING RAINBOW HAIR
I'ma moving to UK. Or England, that's fine too.
psst dabi, you can continue your story nao.
cosplay girls :)
HE MUST BE A RD FAN
Oh
Where was I
Can survived.
Story time!
it wasnt explicit per se... ;)
Oh, ok, yes, the can survived
That's the only thing I know.
What is that story about, again?
Aw is it only panels :s
no walking around in the con.
Aww poor widdle MaxTheBrony :P
The screech of metal echoed in the air as the doors to the container were opened.
:s
Brilliant white light streamed in.
Hey MaxTheBrony, really love the Bane drawing you did. Really great.
Jmo4267 Thank you ! :D
Our can was momentarily blinded, never having seen light before in his short lifetime.
If he could have cried a tear of, the can would have.
So beautiful.
xD
What the?
Aaaand... walked into a very strange convo, haven't I?
Dabi what stry u telin
yeah
Na, just a story.
/me glomps Nittany_Discord
Then a vile, cantankerous creature appeared in the can's vision.
Is Nittany_Discord here :3?
11,01Hi Jmo4267
It started snatched up cans
Hayo
Hi, good Afternoon everyone
/me dusts Nittany_Discord
Carrying them off, to lord only know's where.
hai Nittany_Discord
'ello TheGreatAndPowerfulT
11,01He's not here. Sorry.
hi TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Good afternoon TheGreatAndPowerfulT
Soon he reached our can.
hey Nittany_Discord
/me glomps TheGreatAndPowerfulT
/me glomps Nittany_Discord
TRIXIE IS BEST PONY
:|
11,01Hi AttacktheAndalite, Jim, and Ryunosuke.
11,01And now I'm dust-free.
Hey Nittany_Discord :p
For a short while he could see trees, flowers, and the serene blue sky.
/me puts Nittany_Discord in a nice maid corset
11,01What's Princess Dari on about?
Wispy white clouds seeming to lazily float around, not a care in the world.
Nittany_Discord some fic about a can
i think
XD
it is its about a can of pony meat chunks XD
:O
Then this garden of Eden was snatched from him.
/me 11,01is in a maid outfit again >.>
Nuuuuu :s
It disappeared out of sight as he was carried into another box.
Nittany_Discord: how are you today?
Larger this time.
Meh. I'm just here for the movie.
There were more of those large creatures here.
im just here for the free food
11,01I'm actually down.
Nittany_Discord: Maid hour?
Why Nittany_Discord :s
Our can was placed on a shelf.
Nittany_Discord: whats up buddy? :(
Bronysith: Um... there is no food online.
Kencolt: thats why they want you to think
Where he waited, for how many hours he lost count.
perfect 'crazy-uncle' response from Bronysith
Many more of those creatures passed by.
haha
A wild Vivix appears.
Until one day, his what seemed to be his saviour appeared.
Bbl later i hear my food calling for me.
Hi Jmo4267 !
Taking him away from the hot confines of that huge cube.
Hi Vivix !
Taking him somewhere safe.
Quiet.
one of my basses has stained the floor and another bass with its bad paintjob- can't get it off
Nasty
And there he stayed in relative happiness for quite a while.
Dat Scoot-Scootaloo
00,03inb4 I missed it
So much tension.
makes you wonder why they sell spray paint that says "Do not touch, do not lacquer with clear paint"
He would stare out of the window, and wonder at the natural beauty beyond
/me glomps into Scoot-Scootaloo
00,03Wait... wha?
Dabi be tellin storie
Scoot-Scootaloo:prince daris telling us a story about a can of pony meat chunks LOL
Then one day, his saviour - HIS FRIEND - turned on him.
No!
mfw my house is clean and I can be lazy.
00,03Uh hu...
oh no!
Scoot-Scootaloo: hello cousin! :3
tl;dr tbh
In other words, Dari has gone off the deep end.
He was battered and attacked by cruel sharp tools.
Run, can!
And his faux-friend began to pour out his inards
00,03I'm sure it's pulitzer prize worthy...
this reminds of that one blur video wit hthat milk box that gets drunk by some guy at the end-
Allowing some foul beast to come and lick them up.
and goes to heaven
Oh god D:
dear celestia this is bad!
He could smile the disgusting breath of the beast, it's face so close to the can's own.
smell*
He could only watch on in horror as it consumed his insides.
NOO! D:
@_@
Life began to slip away from him.
Fading...Fading.
It's a can. It has no eyes. HOW DOES IT WATCH ANYTHING?
To nothing. But black.
This is pretty horrible
chat derped
The end.
<:
noooooooooooooo
i got disconnected
BRB, manly tears.
and the chat derped
I still say this is an allegory to the cruelty of man! PURLITZZERRSHH!!
Still a better love story than Twilight.
You missed some award winning literature written by me Val
tell us another story of a can XD
Dat Caramel
A similar story to that, youtube: Coffee and TV by Blur
Darwin award, maybe.
Nobel peace award.
award winning? I didn't realize people rewarded gay Dr. Who fanfic literature
does anyone know in which timezone the EFNW schedule is written?
Lul
OOO
I'll pastebin it for you
I think I'm good :P
hey Caramel how are you today?
Nah, you've got to read it
all we need now is Luna and we'll be all set :P
ugh
hello bronysith. good, how about you?
EFNW is having a brony musician panel right now. just started
i hate it when people ship their ocs with canon characters
Hey bronysith~
ill let molestia do whatever she wants to me
XD
Anyone know a company that makes glitch pedals?
Bronysith: For once I agree with you.
The muffin company does.
:>
... holy shit voice
sonicandmario853: since when is molestia canon?
;__;
i think that might be mic the mic
Many hugs Vivix.
;D
i think my chat isnt derped anymore ill check
I heard Team Me last night- and they had this amazing fucked up glitch guitar, and I really want a self-osc delay or..just scratchy glitch pedal
could anybody head over to efnw and tell me who the blond guy with the bass voice is?
hey again , still nothing on stream
ok chat isnt derped anymore..
molestia is best pony
sonicandmario85: yay~ :)
MaxTheBrony: You missed artist panel.
/me noms Vivix
glitchhyyy
soo goood
Malavolent i saw that one :D
-.-
it IS mic the mic!
Aw Nittany left :(
I blame ze muffin.
WHY IS THE MUFFIN ALWAYS BLAMED FOR EVERYTHING
Speaking of muffins, has anyone read the pony psychology fanfic?
I'm curious.
I dont read lots of fics :s
Tell us more.
I read too many fics.
I dont read fics at all :P
Well, you should read it
Pony psychology on E.Ponyficarchive?
It's one of the best I've read yet.
Allo everypony.
Vivix: Yep.
heya Meanwhile
I read it a whiiile ago- yeah
Meanwhile: Hi cement-throwing pony :P
Remember the part about Derpy/Ditzy?
hey Meanwhile whats going on?
Ooo jeez that's long.
Jmo4267: Worth the read.
I may have to reread it Malavolent , I only remember tidbits-
Oh, everfree RADIO........TELL ME EVERYTHING YOU KNOW
I'm back
I'll look into it Malavolent.
Vivix: That would be nice :)
Why cant they show immages from the con
I've already got too many stories stacked up ;-;
Images*
Malavolent what part!?
Dark92Enigma: What do you mean?
On fimfiction I had 600 chapers unread, thanks to the unnanounced track = fav update, and now I'm going to loose most of those to the second update, but I don't mind- really
600?!
yeah-
Rofl
O.o
Malavolent ''remember the part about Derpy/Ditzy''????
Jesus man!
ikr Vivix
I had tons on track as "to read" and when they suddenly made all tracks into favourite, it kinda fucked things up
I know that feeling.
hehe
Dark92Enigma: Yeah, the Pony Psychology fanfic, it has like 3 chapters about Ditzy.
Man, I'm cursing more than usual today
Tsk tsk.
/me usually don't
Finally something :s
Aw
it was a tricj
trick*
Malavolent Of COURSE!.....gonna read it again
Whats this?
mic the mic, eurobeat, thatsonofamitch and the others i forgot
/me is
might be interesting
Dark92Enigma: :D
It's a trap! I mean trick! I mean... aw screw it, I'm just gonna eat my Ackbar Flakes.
Vivix i feel ya......it's time like this, i go all NC, if you know what i mean
/me is the part where you run away
This is Sparta?
Vivix *Nostalgia Critic
/me is spart
Major gets another gold star.
/me is sparta
Yay~
This is WHINING
HOLD on.......
This is my BOOMSTICK!
gonna check on the radio
This is.....BRONYSTATE! :[
/me is whining
This is my PONY!
/me was a bad idea. I am getting pings left right and centre
what is everfree radio?
This and that
Someone should have their ping be "and", and just count pings all day
This is my PONY! WITH A BOOMSTICK! AND A MUFFIN! AND... and... ok. And a pretty ribbon in her mane.
:s
hai everypony
heya Michael :)
there'S a performance from whitetail, dethonator, derpidety, thatsonofamitch and pinkiepieswear for 20:00
planned
next panel starts 3 hours later
/me hugs MaxTheBrony
that might be interesting
how you doing Michael
/me Hugs Michael :)
/me hugs alexxm
alexxm: good, and you?
If that's ok with you......i'm at everfree radio, guys
/me hugs Michael back i'm good
i'm there anyway^^
OH Everfree RADIO, TELL ME EVERYTHING YOU KNOW....
/me i like to sing with the radio
/me i like to play real loud
I recently put flatwoundstrings on my silverbass, and everynow and then "Sunshine of my love" with cream comes out of me-
>____>
iit's soo caatchyyyhh
/me pats Vivix
It's unfair how catchy it is-
I'm sure thee's a treatment for that.
Dark92Enigma: the best way is the loud way
Now saved on pastebin forever.
Either have it loud or gtfo.
I HAVE TO URINATE
/me i like to drive with the top down
lol
Stealing your story, umad dabi?
THANKS for SHARING Bronysith
jaymoo pls
;D
/me Rollin' like thunder, always drawing a crowd
/me Every mare is gonna want a piece of me..........yeah!
/me hangs outside of stables, I'm getting older, the mares stay the same
:D
...dat story
I can't remember how the original went, but CLOSE enough
/me I stare into the mirror......i like the things i see......(can you blame me?)
Haha
Dark92Enigma: A piece of you...When you're in a Pony Pedigree Chunks can?
<:
/me Oh, RADIO....tell me everything you know
The voices... they speak to me...
/me speaks to pwny with his voice.
sup Dark92Enigma
The voices... must now cease to exist... :[
http://cheezburger.com/6478705152 nightmare time
alexxm I'm fine, bro.....waitng for B.U.C.K. to start!
hehe pwny :D
/me hugs alexxm
Hallow. :3
Dark92Enigma hehe are you there right now?
/me hugs Dark92Enigma
PHOENIX WRIGHT <3
PROFESSOR LAYTON VS ACE ATTORNEY
I'm just waiting for the movie. LotR still on today in about 20 minutes, right? ...Or did I miss that? >_>
hai DoctorCherry
Panda I meant VIA Everfree radio :D
x_X
Hai DoctorCherry!
Hey everypony! :)
oh hahaha Dark92Enigma, I was gonna say take some pictures :3
http://i.imgur.com/oY7SQ.jpg Damn, Mann Co
hai pony_4662
/me I will believe your every word, just tell me so.....
Dark92Enigma: BUCK techinally already started i've seen a little of yesterdays stream and todays on here where several of our UK bronystaters where on the stage
So what is streaming exactly..Hi guys!
'ello Kawaii_icybeauti
hai Kawaii_icybeauti
O_O Trollestia?
Hi Jmo4267 and Michael
:3
Is there a problem, Panda?
I think we're waiting on The Return of the King. I... think.
...did i just see a television commercial for... Internet Explorer?
killerpony7733: IKR? i can't wait if there's any news about season 3......and if we find out.....NO SPOILERS here
/me I see the look in their eyes
Trollestia nope, just worshiping your plot :3 xD
Eh, I'll be back a bit later.
/me I see there's something in their lies, lies, lies, oh lies, oh lies,........IN THE LIES
http://cheezburger.com/6509399808
Panda: I'll allow this.
Anyway the song is ''Oh Radio'' by Jim Johnston
Trollestia :D yay!
lol
SlurryMoon!!!!!!!!!!!
:D
I was thinking of going, but I had no money D:
Oh hi Rainbow--Dash!
hello everyone
hai Rainbow--Dash and SirGanjalfTheEmerald
why does it hurt when i pee?
0_0
weird ass song
Movie starts in about 20 minutes, right?
117 of this chat are actually watching the stream. :P
o.O
yeah i tought...
Is master chief the 117th?
This is what I tweeted to Eddie Trunk yesterday. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SRdkZEW2MNU&list=FLaKCn8LyYp3lQWFAHcm9znA&feature=mh_lolz
Vivix, you be lurkin'?
DoctorCherry - that implies... oh hey, fade to something
or not... what was i saying?
I should have gone ;_;
i shall fetch a rug
BACK
/me hugs Rainbow--Dash
:)
http://derpy.me/JqyB5
did you guys see the dethklok pony wallpaper??
DoctorCherry is Master Chief the 117th?
back
MaxTheBrony: Wb
Rainbow--Dash: Prolly. X3
Thank you killerpony7733 :)
Wb MaxTheBrony
Thank you Michael aswell :)
so whats going on :)?
I'm not sure any more.
Kawaii_icybeauti :D hiya! long time no talk@
Ohai Panda
^^ how are you?
/me throws a butterfly to the chat "Æ¸ÌµÌ¡ÓœÌµÌ¨Ì„Æ·"
hey Panda how are you?
haha :D
Bronysith ^^ hiya
im gooooooooood :3
should have made the middle pony like bigmac tho
Panda: goodie
^^ just celebrating XD
chat = ded ?
:s
Panda: what? you arent pregnant?
nou
D:
Pregnant? Da hell?
lol pregnant?
:D
Michael: It's a derpfly!
Bronysith eh? O_o no... I'm finally getting some rest XD
Panda: ok
Good afternoon everyone
CrazyCherry: derpfly, explain?!
afternoob Gold_Demona~
hey Gold_Demona
noon*
'ello Gold_Demona
hai Gold_Demona
Gold_Demona: im playing legend of dragoon right now
Michael: Also known as the Butterfly derp!
heya Gold_Demona :)
CrazyCherry: lol!
Bronysith: I hear that's a good game. Is it?
/me hugs Ulthane
Gold_Demona: hang on
Random hug. :3
I'm browsing dethklok pony art lol
xD
/me kisses Michael. :3
0//////0
Bronysith wait wait wait... you have the origional on ps1? O_o
Im so bored :s
Dat tumblr.
Ok guys
We were going to show Return Of The King today at 7pm GMT (or in 7 minutes)
Now I'd like to know whether you guys want us to keep the BUCK stream up
And movie Return Of The King to tomorrow
Or play the film now
To make this easier
Just sent me a PM with what you'd prefer
So double click my name, send me a message
1,11Allo
Well
Everyone who responded said show the film
So the film we will show.
Gimli: Hallow. :3
Where was Gondor when the correct decision was reached?
hai Gimli
And hey Silverscreen.
Was wondering why it was so silent.
Meanwhile, hai :3
I'm sorry. Didn't realize +m was on when I came back.
:s
Spectrum_Rush: add me on steam
Was it muted?
Hi everypony
hi Meanwhile how are you
Well... Film. or staring at a static picure with sounds of mumbling? Was there any real choice?
TheKoreanBrony1354: when i go on a comp that has steam i will, be patient
hai DerpyMuffins and Meanwhile
Wait, I have a silly question. If +m is on and I post something, nobody's gonna see it anyway, right?
Hi DerpyMuffins and Meanwhile
right SillyMrBen
SillyMrBen: Right
....oh.
you'll probably see it, but it won't post
o u MrBen
Then I don't feel so silly anymore.
fuk
I'm heating up my noodles now. Ready to brunch over the movie.
/me kisses Gimli
SO! I'm just in time for movie!
My beard is ready
Huzzah!
no how can they be soldout of cards D:
my weapons are ready
...am I the only one getting buffering on my end? Should I refresh?
/me puts on his wizard hat
Ganjalf: Don't forget your robe!
Well, tell us when to refresh...
/me steals SirGanjalfTheEmerald's wizard hat
/me steals ganjalf staff
Dumblewhore - gives a whole new interpretation to The Mysterious Ticking Noise...
MrBen: I always have my robe on à² _à² 
Dumblewhore: How much? I'm not a cop, honest.
Ganjalf: Oh. ...Well then, never mind then.
/me turns alexxm into a hamster and takes the hat back
Sup guys
Hi Fl00tersh41
hai Fl00tersh41
/me patiently waits for the movie to start.
/me plays ponymon
When will the streaming start?
refresh!
Stream is up change
f4 f4 f4 f4
or refresh
*f5 f5 f5 f5
dat pic
hehehe
/me refreshes
HERE WE GO
yay+
YAR!
the last movie!
Wee~
YAY!
starting the movie all ready?
LAST MOVIE OF THE SUMMER
My brunch is almost ready
/me charges at SirGanjalfTheEmerald
ALREADY?
Last movie of the summer. So when is the first movie of the fall?
it begins
/me restores alexxm's previous form
ohai Smeagol
*smeagol*
I had some buffering and then some skipping, and back and forth.
/me pounces on SirGanjalfTheEmerald
Strong fish
ermahgerd the adblock on my mac finally works
quite laggy for me, anyone else?
It's buffering like crazy.
So shiny...
yes Dark_Horst
Mine seems fine.
I've got a fair bit myself.
mines fine now
/me teleports
Me too
Mine's already buffered twice now
This is currently unwatchable.
It's like a slideshow
Now a bit of lag
But otherwise fine.
a bit laggy, but it got better
it keeps buffering...
PANIC! MODS! HAAAAAALP!
D:
Lagged a bit just now but it's back to proper.
:O
WHOA
"Whatchoo get there?"
all you can do is refresh until its stable
howdy bronies
hai Thunder-crescent
hello Thunder-crescent
how you doing Thunder-crescent
/me refreshes again...
Aaaaand now it's gone entirely.
...and now the stream has crashed entirely.
Is it gone?
Give it a minute.
i hear peopl... talking
uuh, black buffer of death:(
anypony have streaam?
/me panics
OMG I come onto another stream of endless buffering?
well atleast i got the screen cap
Thunder-crescent: Hallow. :3
11,01Changing streams.
stream ded?
Sumica is switching strema
I'm not getting anything, sirs!
k
oh
aaah ok
k
Ah.
That would explain it!
howdy
damn I was hoping you guys got another good screencap
also gots to change mah nick
/me stops panicking
...should I get something to drink in the meanwhile?
btw hello everypony
and i'm back
hai PaladinDrakkenwolf
'Alo Paladin
Hello PaladinDrakkenwolf
MrBen: Sure, I'll have an applejuice please.
/me 11,01brushes Rohan
One buffer to rule them all. One buffer to bind them. One buffer to end themall, and in the deep of lag unfind them.
Wb Rohan
sup PaladinDrakkenwolf
im gonna go get some muffins anybody want an imaginary one while i go get rea nes
/me glomps into Nittany_Discord
http://i.imgur.com/UfrAf.jpg
Meanwhile: Here ya go! (slides one over)
ones*
Get me four glasses of applejuice!
Nittany_Discord: not being Aragorn today?
/me 11,01hugs Bronysith
11,01Dunno.
/me slides Demona four glasses.
/me kisses Nittany_Discord. :3
OH! Stream's back.
Refresh!
Yay, it's back!
ITS JUST A RING DAMNIT
PaladinDrakkenwolf: That'll do? http://i.imgur.com/yz2dn.png
YOU ARE FRIENDS
yay
Yay! It works!
11,01Oh my CrazyCherry *Blushes*
It's an EEEEEVVVIIIIIILLL ring! D:
all for the ring...
midget fight
Actually, Smeagol and Deagol are cousins, IIRC
04Damn, he fucked him UP
kill your best friend for a... ring!
hello Gandalf_the_White
And Smeagol outright murders his buddy. All for a ring.
THE RING!!! *runs away.
"We are doing maintenance, will be back soon." Why i got this? D:
But aren't hobbits supposed to be resistant to the rings corruption?
hai Gandalf_the_White
k im back with fresh hot muffins :P
Fl00tersh41: guess not
pretty much dead
http://imgur.com/gQTFZ
Not for a ring, for THE RING.
Ganjalf: Try refreshing again. It should work.
ded
Could we restart soon?
1,11RANCOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The opening scene - in which Smeagol discovers the Ring and starts on the slippery slope towards ultimately becoming Gollum - was actually directed by Fran Walsh. Originally it was set to appear in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, immediately after Frodo first revealed Gollum's real name.
04I don't think every hobbit can resist like that
/me noms the muffins from Thinder-crescent
Kandarihu: Blue refresh.
Fl00tersh41: To my awareness nobody's resistent to the ring except for Tom Bombodil. =P
Did it, came back a few minutes into the movie.
http://i.imgur.com/Tlvex.jpg
Success.
Gold_Demona: Hobbits are supposed to be, hence why frodo has to carry the ring
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The "fall of Smeagol" scene had to be digitally touched-up in two ways. First, Thomas Robins (Deagol) accidentally blinked after being strangled. However, Peter Jackson liked that particular shot so much better than others that he decided to have the Weta Digital crew "freeze" the eyes. Second, in the shot where Smeagol falls on the rocks (just before Gollum begins
1,11to narrate), Andy Serkis' legs were considered to be too muscular and athletic, and so they were digitally thinned-down.
my precious!
Fl00tersh41: hobbits are resilient, but not immune
I don't receive the stream:(
Gimli: Rancom?
ewwwwwww
Michael: its just sushi
crude fish :D
Hello everyone :)
like japan
my pppppprrrrecioussssss
04I dunno...Smeagol really fell into it
hai MLP_Brovakiin
04Like immediately
04Bam
04There was no resistance
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Andy Serkis was not the film-makers' first choice to play the real Smeagol at the beginning of the film. However, once they started considering other actors, they realized that Serkis was the natural choice.
Gandalf: Yeah, I always wondered about that myself
Gandalf_the_White no willpower i guess
I don't think Hobbits have any resistance to the ring as a race, Frodo is just particularly strong.
Gandalf_the_White: Wasn't he originaly a human in the books though? Can't remember
Gandalf_the_White: I can't remember the book, but was Frodo chosen to carry it because of Bilbo, or for no reason at all? Before he volunteered that is
But Smeagol isn't a hobbit. He's of a race that were kinda related to hobbits
It was like, here's Frodo and Bilbo, able to resist
Smeagol is a Sook
04So yeah...I think it's just individual hobbits are good with it
Bronysith: You mean Sashimi. Sushi is vinegared rice with a topping-- not always id that topping seafood.
sam don't give a damn :O
Just out of intreast, did this only start 13 mins ago?
And Smeagol just WHAM! Instant corruption!
Brovakiin: Kinda. We had some technical difficulties again.
Not to mention isildur
most beings are insant corruption when faced with the power of the ring
*interest
Brovakiin: You didn't miss anything, really.
Hobbits just naturally arn't easily corrupted. They're very easy going
silly
MrBen: Ok cheers
Sam is best hobbit. :<
Sam is the element of share the load.
yeah sam is a true hero
the journey home.....
1,11That look...
hopeful sam lookk
hi there
04Sam is the very definition of friend
like a boss
TheMaster, corruption isn't uniform. Corruption in someone who is easygoing can take a much different form than becoming an omnicidal maniac.
when is the movie goin to start?
hai Br0nyxia
for some reason i can imagine smeagol with a rocking moustache
BrOnyxia, refresh
Bronysith: already running
how you doing BrOnyxia
Onyxia: Already have! You didn't miss much.
when i refresh it says
well the ring generally seems to make someone who owns it desire it
we are doin maintenance
04F yeah, boi
will be back soon
Ohai title
BrOnyxia: Try it again. It should be up.
i saw fluttershy she was th e3rd tree ;)
smoking
High as kites
ohai isengard
ooh
pipe
weed
BrOnyxia oh boy you have the same bug i had a for a while
BrOnyxia, the blue refresh button UNDER THE VIDEO, not the browser's reload button!
smoke longbottom weed erryday
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: For the scene where Merry and Pippin are smoking their pipes at Isengard, Dominic Monaghan (Merry) had to drink a glass of milk beforehand to keep himself from throwing up while smoking the pipe.
11,01Sumica stream. You know what that means?
Smoke weed everyday
ok ima try
i want what they're smoking
Merry and Pippin are awesome
Oo
still xsame thing
fuck
BrOnyxia: also try ctrl-f5 should force it to recache
Yay~
welcome to isengard!
Nittany_Discord: ping abuse
1,11They're so high.
gandalf is a pimp
11,01Rohan: Possibly, but not from me.
Hello everybody? How are all you fabulous people doing today? I'm doing quite swell, and I love you all!
Racist!
gimli wants some of thatn shit
hai pikoRing
1,11Salted Pork~
still
..salted pork purswasive argument
tried all
>Young
Treebeard is awesome!
watch one of the horses taks a dump here
>Gandalf.
"Young Master Gandalf."
gandalfs young?
definitly not Nittany_Discord , yours are tactical pings ;)
How freakin' old are you, Treebeard?
gives you a pretty good idea of how old Treebeard is if he's calling gandalf young
Hi Michael! Diong fine?
04I'm pretty sure Treebeard is much, much older than any wizard
inb4 trololololol song
alexxm: Compared to Treebeard, I suppose. =P
You know shit's old when the TREE refers to GANDALF as YOUNG.
Guys, what streaming program are you using, because my stream looks like this: http://imgur.com/iHjBK :(
considering that gandalf is a minor god
11,01Mica
pikoRing: yeah! :D and you?
good point Gold_Demona
11,01I've mastered his pings.
Michael: I'm doing pretty good, just started playing Max Payne 3, really fun.
pikoRing: wow :o
epic speech
I don't remember this part
We shall have peace when Gondor is found!
1,11He's mad...
this party didn't really get a lot of time in the original run
Vivix: extended version
part*
Oooh
gandalf graymane awesome name
CriticKitten: Doesn't that imply that there will never be peace?
Heya guys :)
"We are doing maintenance, will be back soon." Anyone else got this? :(
I remember this from the book, so good-
hai MaxTheBrony
Ganjalf: Hit the blue refresh button.
how've things been MaxTheBrony
That white horse is so pretty
MrBen: I'm doing it, nothing changes:(
Gimli: you dont say
Hello MaxTheBrony :)
Something festers in Middle-Earth?
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: did you try Ctrl-f5?
Wut
Lord of the rings :o
11,01It's a reality show?
don't question aragons mustache
Quick! Shoot him with an arrow!
he's talking about Mordors attack on gondor
Dumblewhore: They should probably take it out of the fridge and throw it in the trash then
aaahhhh
Heya Michael and MLP_Brovakiin , alexxm things have been good , how are you?
Stick an arrow in 'is gob.
Yes, i tried ctrl+f5, nothing:(
Horse! D=
lol Gandalf's like "Bitch, please!"
fireball is not effective
i'm good MaxTheBrony
DUDE
and not a single fuck was given
I am Gandalf
lawl
You shall not pass
but it missed
derp
oh I missed the trololo scene?
gandalf is a boss
Ganjalf: Dang. I dunno what to say. Maybe refreshing the browser, or trying another?
Test
damn snake
fireball spell...bitch please
I am fine thank you MaxTheBrony :)
GOddammit
:)
11,01Rohan's gay?
what is a man?
What is the House of Rohan? A MISERABLE PILE OF PONIES
oh no you didn't
but a miserable pile of secrets
horsemaster!
"What is the House of Rohan? A miserable little PILE OF SECRETS!"
Nittany_Discord: why yes I am happy thanks for asking :)
11,01Rohan: Cool.
haha
bitchslap
that slap
:)
He's angry.
knife
Bitch,
Talk about getting stabbed in the back!
STAB STAB STAB STAB
I stab you
backstab!
Spy Backstab!
o-o
nice
HAHAHHAHA
HE IS A SPY!
WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
wheeeee
TheMaster: yeah-
epic fall
legolas used huntsman
04splat
impaled
00,10all that water
10 PERFECT LANDING
00,10nope
He'll be fine.
Walk it off.
What is it with wizards and falling?
walk it off saruman
Isengard wins gold in diving.
rub some bacon on it!
04LOL at that trivia
10/10 perfect style, execution, and nailed the landing!
xD
Dunk.
11,01He's not getting up from that.
1,11scene (pacing and time constraints), but in his opinion, none of them justified omitting such an important narrative element.
aww
Dunking time
11,01I do agree that this should have been in the theatrical release.
I remember him being mad about it, and I remember being puzzled it was gone
Now he's got a dandy new bowling ball!
it was--important
actually Saruman is probably fine. considering Gandalf returned to the undying lands when he died Saruman probably did the same.
Well if you think about it, leaving that part out is extremely foolish.
Notice how the orb was in the water?
Whiterun
He drops it when he dies, so it makes sense.
/me slaps PaladinDrakkenwolf
my theme
have you guys ever watch im a banana by onision on youtube? its funny LOL
it's the same style ondeed
/me starts slap fight with Bronysith
Except....in the theatrical release, that scene never happens, so the orb is just in the water FOR NO REASON
which conlcudes: rohirim are nord
I believe they should have kept Saruman's death scene in, especially since they cut out Saruman's invasion and defeat at the Shire anyway
/me girl slaps PaladinDrakkenwolf
So it's actually a bit of a plothole.
/me remember the fallen!
/me backhands Bronysith
Gimli: Lee is awesome
well in the books grima just throws the seeing stone instead of backstab saruman
A minor one, but one that was easily avoided if they hadn't made the mistake of cutting that scene.
BEER
"Remember the dead, now get drunk off your asses!"
lol
drunk tiem
Hi everypo- ooh LOTR! :O
Otherwise, Sarumon just gave up and went back to trying to conquer the Digital World?
hai MegaMoonShine
like a dog
DRINKING CONTAST YAY!! :D
That disgusting dog drink sound
how you doing MegaMoonShine
NEVER try to outdrink a dwarf!
orlando bloom <3
i dont usually drink beer, but when i do, i drink enough to pass out
Good alexxm, thanks
I drink enough to throw it back up
MegaMoonShine: Hello there! I love you!
lol Kingman725
HEY
I don't usually drink beer, because it tastes like piss.
Hello everypony
YOU TWO SHOULD KI....oh wait
hai CCCP
Hi CCCP
hai CCCP :)
Hello CCCP :)
How ya'll doin?
hi tidus
I was at a festival last night, not a drop of alcohol consumed
Ganjalf: I forgot to ask, but I take it the stream's working for you now?
Meanwhile, cause you actually drank Piss before?
Hello CCCP
Hi CCCP! I loves you!
'Allo CCCP!
CrimsonPhoenix: Through a series of unfortunate events, I know what I'm talking about.
I love you too pikoRing *hugs*
CrimsonPhoenix: you ninja i was about to say that
CrimsonPhoenix: Isn't it weird how everyone instinctively know what urine tastes like?
hi PaladinDrakkenwolf Gold_Demona MegaMoonShine TrustWorthy MLP_Brovakiin pikoRing and MrBen and every pony :/
sup CCCP
lol Legolas
hello alexxm
drink all the beer
Best quote yet
1,11Go Legolas.
CHUG CHUG HUG CHUG
little hairy women
CCCP: Are you upset about all the pings?
Bueno
moar beer!
lol Legolas getting buzzed
/me drinks
ahahaha wtf
elf metabolism. you cant touch that shit
Dat dwarf
pikoRing nope :)
:O
Legolas is buzzed? XD
little hairy women
Hahahaha
:D
dead
Dude... I feel somethging...
i liek pings pikoRing
lmao
LOL dat crosseyed dwarf
ha i win!
And Legolas drinks Gimli under the table
lol
table dancing
/me dances
GAME OVER, DWARF
Who'd have thought?
11,01Morning Shizuka
GAME OVER
dancing midgets
Love at first sight.
hi Shizuka
\(^^\) (/^^)/
hai Shizuka
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Billy Boyd (Pippin) sang and composed the tune for the song in Denethor's hall, which is a J.R.R. Tolkien lyric.
04Yarrr!
hi Shizuka
aye
Hello Shizuka :)
Howdy Shizuka! I love thee!
I knew that one Gimli
hai Shizuka
Hello Shizuka
I loved that they actually used the lyrics from the book. =)
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Billy Boyd's singing scene largely came about because Philippa Boyens went for a night out at a karaoke bar with the younger male cast members and she was very struck by the quality of his voice. Remembering that Denethor asks Pippin to sing him a song when Faramir heads off to war, she resurrected the lyrics from the novel and Boyd himself came up with the tune
'Allo Shizuka!
04That Frodo is alive
1,11for it.
Hobits are the very essence of old-style English Country Life. Apparently peopl still DO that in smaller villages to this day.
It still baffles me why people bother folk who may wish not to be bothered.
kill them both!
there wsa a lot of poetry and singing in lord of the rings.
Hi Twilight
MUST. KILL. JOHN. LENNON.
gollems seen some shit
KEEP! IT! TOGETHER!
*Gollum
cush kill destroy swag
You mean he had nerve to begin with?
Just... Take some Ritalin, and you'll be fine.
It'll be fine... it'll all be fine...
ouuurrrrsssss
pikoRing O_o
her"
To herrrrrr
Smeagol needs more peelz
up up up up up
Meanwhile it doesnt baffle me :3
Shelob isn't actually so bad if you know who her mom is
the tunel!
The tunnel :O
DA TUNNEL
sup
Return of the King.
Stream's lagging a bit again.
CCCP: Do tell.
11,01Smeagol's going to make a friendship problem.
pfft
TheMasterShelob has a mom? O_o
eww orc meat
Hobbit Meat
gotta love smeagel r golem whichever
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Gollum says the word "precious" seventeen times in this film.
/me glomps Meanwhile and touches him inappropriately
Nittany_Discord: yup
sam is awake :D
mmm hobbit meat
Meanwhile cause im one of those people :P
mmmm im getting hungry
04Take it for MEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!
Shelob is the child of a gigantic eldritch spider that ate light itself.
There's a thunderstorm outside.... And for the past 2 weeks, everytime there's a thunderstorm my power goes off...
Sam knows
CCCP: Figures.
Needs moar precious
:I
:3
:3c
"For Meeeeeeeeeeeeee!" "For US."
"!"
deeead!
Ded
suddenly sam
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Gollum is missing his left ear lobe. This is due to an air trap in the casting that was made for Peter Jackson's approval of the figure. When looking at the casting, the design team concluded that it should stay that way since it looked like a battle wound that might have occurred during Gollum's past adventures.
Frodo is going to love and tolerate the crap out of Golem.
also ungoliant ate the tree which created all light in middle earth.
lol
FAT HOBBIT
/me 11,01puts Bjornfot in a dress and gives him a makeover
Is there a Youtube video that lists every use of the word precious in all 3 movies, like every time the word pony is used in every episode of FiM?
A villian! :O
Ungoliant was so terrifying that morgoth (satan) had to defend himself when ungoliant tried to eat him.
04Frodo is like one of the bronies that refuse to see how bad some people can be and continues to love, love, love them in spite of being used
A-Am I pretty now, uguu?
^
Kandarihu that would be funny
that sounds like a good drinking game, shot for everytime he says precious, or hobbit.
Very apt comparison there.
11,01Don't touch people.
lol
hmph
It would probably be shorter.
Ok. :c
That was helluva party
How many times in the trilogy DOES Gollum say "precious", anyway?
Like, grand total?
MrBen: A LOT.
...please no sorry stick?
MrBen A lot. :P
probably around 40 times
Gandalf_the_White, that's not love, it's just enabling.
The Safe Lord of the Rings Drinking game: Take a drink whenever Gandalf uses magic.
lol
11,01Or is it like the average gaming consumer, failing to see how game publishers abuse them?
Some times call for tougher love.
04You're right, it is enabling
Gandalf doesn't use magic very often so you won't get very drunk
Meanwhile: But to be fair-- it's the WHOLE FIFTH you drink.
Nittany_Discord cause we liek to be abused?
Nittany_Discord: the average gaming consumer is dumb
ima pony ima pony ima pony oh ima pony ima pony ima pony oh oh ima pony
11,01Bronysith: Young and inexperienced, not dumb.
Take a drink whenever Legolas hits someone with an arrow.
Bronysith: im teh averge game consumator, and im am not dumb. >:I
you'll die before halfway through the movie Meanwhile
/me hits Meanwhile with an arrow
pikoRing: then you arent avg
Did i miss Giga and Allegro yesterday?
/me noms on MaxTheBrony
which LOTR is this
Meanwhile: Nopony here has that much liquor.
The stars are now right
Meanwhile: eh thats still pushing dangerous levels
In the east?
Meanwhile: You'd die of alcohol poisoning.
Easterlings?
kirzstryfe :3
Meanwhile: So only counts as one then/
Gondor is East of Rohan
11,01I already embarrassed you. No stick.
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The only film to win more than 10 Academy Awards without receiving a single acting nomination.
WHOA!
I'm not sure if it's that they're dumb. Their minds are preoccupied elsewhere. They have more important thoughts on their minds than the dignity that they're being given or deprived of by the publishers of the game they play.
/me hides
I have a friend who sleeps like that, creepy as hell
Gandalf is totally awake right now
did not know that one
gandalf is watching you
"Whatchu doin', Willis?"
TheMaster: oh so thats where Gondor is
Gandalf watches. Always
O___________0
D:
dat Indiana Jones move
where kirzstryfe was when gondor was hiding ?
are links to maps okay?
is this the second LOTR?
Finish your drink if the eye of Sauron appears.
third
Pippin learned that from Indiana Jones.
3rd
i think
11,01It's G3 ponies.
The Bowling ball of DOOM!
k
I CAN SEE FOREVER
xD
ZUUL
04Oh, you didn't know I was a champion sleeper?
/me is hiding in Nittany_Discord's closet
FOOL OF A TOOK:[
twilight_sprinkle: the last movie
is it alright to link to a map of middle earth?
Kandarihu: truth is spoken
The eye of G3.6 Scootaloo
staring contest
TheMaster: only video, music or anmation links are prohibited
/me always sleeps with his eyes open. Always.
And then Pippin became possessed
EYE SEE YOU!
http://blog.lefigaro.fr/hightech/middle-earth-map.jpg
Somone totoally need to edit this so its like the seaponies song that plays now
here
:3
posession!
Michael: how long has it been on?
well that isn't good
EYE C U
twilight_sprinkle: not much
My freakin hands are on fire!
oh no
I C U, I O U, I <3 U
PIPPIN'S GOING INTO LABOR!
11,01Gondor: Don't steal anything in there.
Michael: mkay thx
Where was Gondor when kirz was Gondor.
BUUUURN! IT BUUUUUUUUUURRRNNNNS!!
Vivix aww :d
Feanor didn't mess around with those seeing stones
>embarrassed
ded
dat face
FOOL OF A TOOK is ded
04Time to beat the shit outta some stupid hobbit
Take a shot whenever Pippin does something stupid.
http://mylittlefacewhen.com/f/507/
Meanwhile: :D
/me digs out the mags and sells them to Rohan
Love and tolerate him Gandalf!
Meanwhile: Pippin and Merry both. =P
Meanwhile: That would require constant drinking :3
>implying i'm not totally swaggy in a dress
gandalf is like a wise brony
a treee
Gondor what type of mags?
hm
EVERYTHING O_O
he saw a dead fluttershy?!
do u see fluttershy?!
Noooo
:s
^
Merry rarely does anything stupid. So, Pippin has to take up the slack.
not even watching the movie, just bored and slightly sleep deprived
I saw him!
His mind was besieged by G3.6 Scootaloo, and her many ways of playing.
She ded? :'(
Anyone here know when next Planet Side 2 beta is airing?
TrustWorthy: Nah, he's more of a really good Admin.
An honest fool
true, he knows when to act and when not to.
TrustWorthy: Then his reaction is totally understandable
And when to ban (Balrog) and not to ban (Pippin)
Isn't Treebeard the oldest living thing on Middle Earth?
Galadriel might be older
xD
1,11inb4 Where was Gondor
"Besides, we don't know where Gondor is."
inb4 inb4
ready for whar
He just blocked The Balrog , he didnt ban him
TrustWorthy: I think Tom Bombadil might be older
:)
Where was Gondor when inb4 Where was Gondor?
know what would sound really good? a remix between "Love Is In Bloom" and "Let It Grow (Celebrate the World) from The Lorax movie
Where was Gondor when they owed Gondor
Ha!
dog
I Treebeard did call Gandol Young :P
Where was Gondor when people starting spewing overused jokes?
Gandalf is a master chessmaster.
When was Gondor, where there was no Gondor?
buh... I'm right here...
I mean *
the worst
anyone here got a good steam skin?
Where was Gondor when the meme where was Gondor was made?
MaxTheBrony, I have steam skins of each of the Mane 6
Their taking the hobbits to isengard
Major: that was bad and you should feel bad
Welp, he's doomed.
Where was Gondor when I took an arrow in the knee
lol isengard
Kandarihu they are so very Bright tho
hooowrse
In Gandalf_the_White's closet
Bronysith: LOL nope :3
Kandarihu if i think its the same your talking about
Nittany_Discord: you want some second breakfast?
MaxTheBrony, indeed. And the special font makes the text on most of them hard to read.
a hobbit smoking too much?
MADNESS!
Pippin is now a decoy. Wait. That makes him USEFUL.
A friend never lets a friend quest not-high.
Smoke weed everyday
Merry and Pippin are always useful
Kandarihu Thats a shame :s
That horse is soo preettyy
TrustWorthy: It's like Dwarf drinking too much
He finishesd an entire barrel already?
MegaMoonShine: :snoop: :snoop:
go my horse......
exactly!
impossibru
And then Gandalf rides off on his rocket horse
gandalf is riding celestia in earth pony form
I just got here what did i miss?
not my friend!
Vivix: It has the same color scheme as Surprise. :3
quick aragon! to the wizard mobile!
pikoRing: Ah yeaah-
so Mary troll'd him eh?
Best bromance. :')
I've always liked white horses with black skin, white horses with pink skin tend to look scary-
Not much Azuredragon, just watchin' some lotr
never seen the lorax
not even read it
suddenly: Elves
dem white horses
When I read lotr I was a kid, and I just didn't get why the elves were leaving
Oprah Winfrey photobomb.
so whats up with the elves running away?
I think I'd get it now--I guess?
Awww yeah , the servers are up on Planetside2 !
:D
inb4 sexy cry?
elves always use white horses
o_O
because they'd already been on middle earth for a very long time.
04A stray child is on the loose. Quick! Catch him!
the end of the third age becomes the age of man in the 4th.
It paused for a moment
Gandalf_the_White: what shall we do with him?!
Gandalf_the_White: Call the Marauder Shields!
have to go sit with the dog, it's storming
TheMaster: so they're leaving to make way?
Simply, it's time for themto go.
I wub Liv Tyler!
and the entire time elves were on middle earth they were getting rocked by Morgoth and all sorts of unpleasant things.
Aah-
Where was Gondor when a child was stray
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Horses owned by the production company were placed up for auction to the cast and crew after the film was shot. Viggo Mortensen purchased two horses, the one he rode for most of the film, and one for Liv Tyler's riding double.
yeah sort of. also elves don't really die and go on to a 'good' place, its more like they would fade away
Manly Tears...
11,01Bronysith: Second breakfast?
lol
Major: That would make her a lesbian.
Gimli: Aw thats good of them
so the elves are heading back to valinor. Middle Earth ended up being a pretty crappy time for all the elves.
watch the movie with the dog :p
played a part in a moving, get a horse
Lesbian Carwash.
Nittany_Discord: you know 2nd breakfast
She cries because he reminds her of original ME3 endings
04"Fuck the status quo! I have to be in this film more!"
"Screw this. I'm going back."
pikoRing: I have NO problem with that x3
1,11lol, Gandalf_The_White
That was fast...
Matrix
11,01Bronysith: I'm stupid. Sorry.
Wow, chat is actually slow for once?
"Why are we whispering?" "I don't know."
Nittany_Discord: No you are not :(
its the moment!
pikoRing, during a movie, no less.
1,11CriticKitten: It's dramatic. Don't question it.
in middle earth and lord of the rings being an elf isn't really a race
forgery of maste swords stunt double
alexxm: That's....a good question, actually.
you can choose to not be an elf
ok. if mlp was in the starwars universe who would be the emperior and who would be vadar?
Dat Daedric Armor.
bah now I really can't wait for the Hobbit!
as elronds brother did.
pony pony everypony
and this is what the problem with arwen is. she can marry aragon and stop being an elf and die.
Aah-
04Why can't I hold
wait I'm still confused in the books, doesn't it say that Treebeard is the oldest living thing?
04all these books?
/me dusts Nittany_Discord and hugs him <3
My god. She dropped a book!
ohai everypony
HOD DAMMIT what did i miss?
where was Gondor when I couldn't hold books!
1,11NOT THE BOOK!!!!
epic book drop
well Treebeard is pretty old. theres only one or two things that might be older.
and now...........saxy times
hai IshPonyPony
o.0
It was horrible! Worst story ever!
/me hands are cold
ohai regulars
ERMAHGERD I DRAP MER BERK
Galadriel might be older, and maybe a few of the gods. though treebeard's been on middle earth the whole time.
cratorkid: Only 47 minutes, not much in light of an entire LOTR movie.
regulars?
hai Ish
TheMaster: What about Tom Bombadil?
Deeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaad.
have you proposed to your loved one yet?
do not say dead MEan- dammit
DAT SWORD
Tom Bombadil isn't really mortal. he's probably Eru (god)
Either way Treebeard is best tree
NullRadix NO!
Smithing increased
I dun geddit
grandfather of Fluttershy!
We can remake it! We have the technology!
Why is she ded now
pikoRing: yea , just this was the one i wanted to see most , considering i forgot this one , and dont own this one
Reforging the Master Sword!
04Who the hell is Tom Bombadil?
cuz she ded
TheMaster: oh, right
epic sword
Read the book!
pikoRing, WE HAVE FIRE
THE 5 MILLION DOLLAR SWORD!
that sword is special the smiting lvl is over 9000!
/me smacks Gandalf_the_White
You cannot afford mah diamond sword!
Gandalf_the_White: Who?
:|
Yeah but why is she dying right now
Wouldn't it just be easier to forge a similar sword? The reforged broken blade would not be nearly as strong as a brand new one of high quality.
...and the stream froze on my end
Never
And that's it
more epicness <3
Wait, there it goes
unlike in most d&d being an elf is not being a race.
04I'm serious...
Ever
Tom bombadil was never added to the fil as he added nothing really to the plot
Ever
GONDOR
1,11Dumblewhore: She's not dead. She's lost the Light of the Elves, basically meaning she's mortal now.
Gandalf_the_White: It's Tolkien's mary sue, Tom Bombadil is a man they meet in the forest at the start of the book, he can handle the ring wihtout going invisible or being affected
Dumblewhore: she doesnt go with the other elve to wherever and stays on earth. now she becomes mortal
Elrond was being dramatic and metaphorical
00,10I found gondor
Where was Gondor when they passed into the realm of Gondor?
DAT CITY
emergawd gurndurr
00,10it was where we left it all along
its only a model
04Ah, thanks Vivix
dat hill
The stream keeps derping on my end
BEHOLD! GONDOR!
Gandalf_The_White: Tom Bombadil was a dude who appeared in the first book. He was an awesome character, but didn't contribute anything to the plot, so he was left out of the movies
Giving up eternal life is ONE hell of a way to defy daddy
Suddenly, Canterlot
"How can you tell, Gandalf?" "Didn't you see the 'Welcome to Gondor' sign we just passed?"
Canterloot
best city is gondor!
its onyl a model
Tom Bombadil isn't a mary sue silly.
Kiinda!
he's probably just god
/me 11,01hugs Major
1,11PaladinDrakkenwolf: Shh.
PaladinDrakkenwolf: SHH!
He just appears with godpowers and tolkienish antics, then vanishes
Hi Major
Let's not go here, 'tis a silly place
11,01Hi IshPonyPony
Sumica: On the MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONA
you know Faust made Canterlot to be like the little girl equivilent of Gondor?
?
Dat castle, CGI or minature?
Yes I did
TheMaster: Tom Bombadil was immune to the ring. =P
miniature
probably miniature
someone actually built that shit in minecraft
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The Minas Tirith set was built on the same site as Helm's Deep, after the Helm's Deep scenes had been shot and pieces of Helm's Deep were altered and built on top and around the existing pieces for the Minas Tirith set.
Oh, THERE'S Gondor. NOW we know where it was. SO enough for THAT Meme!
drocsiD_ynattiN Hi
damn thats high up
right. and tolkein said the only being that couldn't be affected by the ring was Eru (God who created life)
cratorkid: This is the first time I've watched this movie, and I came in 30 minutes late. All that happened was Sauroman was killed by his minion, he dropped the orb, pippin obtained it and was almost possessed by Sauron; Smeagol goes crazy, plotting to kill Frodo and Sam, but Sam tries to stop it, and Frodo intervenes again. That's kind of it.
*iH
Dark_Horst: Someone build an ENTIRE Middle-Earth in Minecraft...
TheMaster: He put the ring on and was like "heh, cool ring" and gives it right back.
imagine handgliding from the top
Fluttershy!
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Minas Tirith and the surrounding area are actually a combination of several locations. The seventh tier was a back lot set at Three Foot Six Studios. The other streets were a maze-like set built at the same rock quarry where the Hornburg (Helm's Deep) was shot. Pelennor Fields was a large open field in Twizel. Osgiliath was another back lot set. The full cities of
1,11Osgiliath and Minas Tirith were built as models. The surrounding mountain ranges were a digital composite of photographs taken of several mountain ranges in New Zealand.
TheMaster: soo Eru might have been Tom Bombadil?
i'd like to see ezio climb that building
white fluttershy!
and Frodo is love and tolerating the shit out of Smeagol
hehehe
He is a Stewart....John Stewart.
pikoRing: thnx , thats alot in 20 min
04Better yet, just stay the fuck quiet
Dark_Horst: Well, maybe not entire, nut the place's known from the movies
well nobody knows since Tolkein is vague about it
Nittany_Discord: how you been buddy? :(
yeah-
"In fact, it's better if you just STFU."
1,11"Just don't fucking talk. Got it?"
Well, Tom Bombadil was cool, and weird as heck
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: think i heard of that server
:p
quiet I shall be then.
He knows...
00,10is he asleep
/me nomz the IRA
:P
Denethor is a dick
dat horn
cratorkid: Well according to the mods, most of that would have been cut from the theatrical release anyway, so for the most part it's not super important.
Explain this shit!
Oh Shiz!
lol you have fucked up now!
It broke :(
/me throws a boot at Sumica
denethor is sad :(
:(
"Ho boy."
Nope, that's not why we're here
GTFO
Major are you part of the IRA?
:'(
Boromir was a dick anyway. =P
yay?
I guess he isn't feeling very *puts on sunglasses* horny
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Denethor (John Noble) carried a sword strapped to his belt. Although he never draws it, the prop department made a full sword that could be drawn from its sheath, so that Noble would feel as important as the rest of the cast which used their swords.
Gold_Demona: NO.
wrong yay
gandolf: what the fuck man?
Gimli: hehe- that's cute and cool at the same time
poor John Noble
11,01Major: Life's still shitty. Anxiety disorder still preventing me from working. Nothing new.
pikoRing, the stuff that was cut from the theatrical release were still important. That's why we're not watching the theatrical/
gandalf "oh my god...."
lag :C
CCCP: no but I wish, now dont talk about it or we'll get in trouble
Where was Gondor when Pippin just tries so hard.
Major O_o
"Get up, you idiot."
04Dammit, Pippin, stop acting like a hero. That's my job
War was beginning
My stream keeps skipping.
11,01:p
1,11He uses that staff like a pimp cane. XD
And then he talked
its been a while since I was here..How is everypony?
He TALKEd and now he is some one servant
How can you fuck up that bad!?
Gimli: :D
Where was Gondor when where were Gondor's army
Mithrandir! Now I remember his real name
Kandarihu: Right, right. I'm just trying to shed some positive light for those who missed those parts.
Getting some skipping.
denethor is best shield :D
Denethor is worst leader
Someones jimmies are rustled
Nittany_Discord: aye, going through some crap meself, havent eaten in a few days and and Im stuck with me baby sister
In 2A 2505: War was beginning
bbl
title drop
MINE!
MINE
Authority is not given to you to deny the title drop, Steward!
lol he isn't very intimidating.
1,11That title drop
^
^^
raar
11,01Major: At least you have work.
Black cloak vs. white cloak.
lol it's magneto
1,11Dramatic flowing cape
Woah, that's some view
Fluttershy has the best view.
Nittany_Discord: I dont have a job :S
11,01Oh.
Those guards must be bored as hell.
Nittany_Discord: Dont worry its not that I cant find one, im just too young to get one
They are like Buckingham guards
11,01Mom only wants to suggest food services jobs for me, which are probably the last thing I can handle.
You think they play I Spy when no one's around?
Fluttershy's grand-grand-grand-etc. dad
being a guard is so boring on minas tirith
>_>
and canterlot
^
11,01At least you're young. Anxiety disorder doesn't seem to be a valid excuse for nonemployment.
Oh cool, new emoticons!
Even without an intermission.
11,01At least with people I know.
I'm surprised that there isn't like a town guard kind of thing in Equestria
You've violated the law
04Stupid ass humans can't put aside their own greed for their future generations. *smacks the world of man*
xD
Nittany_Discord: well I too have an anxiety problem and I hope that wont effect my future dream job :S
Surely Gandalf is a man.
Gandalf life imitating art then?
MegaMoonShine: What new emoticons? >_><_<
Dun dun duuuuuun
Just he knows how to use magic
thats a bad world of man!!!
:O
Gandalf isn't human.
He's like 800 years old?
Gondor Calls For Aid!
Gandalf is like an angel or something.
send chuck norris riding celestia and luna chaiot
Gandalf's like some kind of god
we are not in decent places....
What, and wizards aren't human?
Tea time is important for any adventure
"so were in 4chan then...?"
"We're, not, IN, decent, places...."
He's not human, no idea what he is
Hey, I for one only want my children to have a bleak future, because as an avid player of the Fallout series I know how fun it can be, Gandalf_The_White!
dari: Gandalf is literally not of the human species.
Gandalf's technically some manner of ascended being.
In this world Wizards are not human.
1,11I'm freaking out, Sam. I'm freaking out.
They're their own race
11,01NullRadix: It was dishwashing. I almost took a diswashing job back in PA, but I wrongfully thought that they would make me wait tables. When I went for the interview, I started having an anxiety attack and blew the interview.
bros befor rings
So why are there only two wizards in the world.
1,11That chapter title drop..
orcs theritory
04Didn't Saruman say "the five wizard staffs?"
04So then there's five wizards?
Why is everything about the world of men and elves.
Dat beartrap head
or were five wizards
dat ruins
4 wizard staffs now.
Where the fuck are these wizards
Gandalf_The_White: Yeah, there are only a handful of them at any given time
Wizards are dying out or something?
And all the dwarves
woah!
That other staff was destroyed.
04Well
dead probably
Ages since I read the appendix or anything
1,11Gandalf_the_white: I don't know much about the Lord of the Rings lore...
11,01Now I can apply for a 6-hour a day job at a grocery store. Easy work. Still so anxious, I'm afraid to fill the application out.
the dwarfes fight up in the north
11,01Fuck my life.
Nittany, just do it
Dumblewhore: Dwarves are in the north, fighting the Witchking
a jobs a job nittany
The other three wizards are Rhadaghast, Pallando and Allatar.
04I would imagine one wizard went to the FiM universe to give counsel and protection over Equestria, one went to Hogwarts to help teach the newer generations...dunno about the last wizard
Nittany_Discord: It will be alright, I say go for it, its better to try and to fail than not to try at all :(
11,01I'd rather have cancer than an anxiety disorder.
elves are in the north east fighting in mirkwood
Congratulations, you've now multiclassed into fighter. Deal with it.
1,11Gandalf is tripping.
anyhow I'm off for now, ya
ya'll take care
Gandalf: He's stuck in Xanth.
I wonder if your anxiety disorder can count as a disability.
/me smokes pipe-weed
Cya TrustWorthy :)
bye trust
PitViper: nothing wrong with a level or 4 of fighter... lets you get weapon specialization
oh Arthena you are here?
I have anxiety as a temporary disabillity
Yes
or was it 3...
04In other words, it's the calm before the storm, brah
but I live in a different country, other systems
The calm before the storm. The banana before the split.
it's not quiet >_>
04Just a fool's hope
Always darkest before dawn
there's always hope!
tried finding your name earlier... couldn't find it
CriticKitten: The banana before the split? That's a new one.
well, here I am
Enemy: I'm ready! I'm ready! I'm ready!
MrBen: I just made that one up. :D
Our enemies bodies are ready.
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The entire running time for theatrical release for The Lord of the Rings trilogy is approximately 8 hours and 37 minutes, from start to finish. It is considerably longer for the Extended versions.
CriticKitten: Nice! Gotta remember that one.
It's the end of Gondor as we know, and I feel fine.
so elephants are the orcs mounts
know it*
I have the extended version of this on DVD
oh shi
the oliphants are the mounts of the men from harad
The white wizard who fires white magic out of his long hard white staff.
howdy bronies
not orcs
It would, but Gandalf never fucking uses magic.
Behold, the Witchking
^
MegaMoonShine!
Hi Thunder-Crescent! I love you!
howdy Thunder-Crescent :)
Witchking has my fav weapon ever: the bucking huge flail
Gimli: Yeah, the extension version full run time is like...what, 13 hours?
NazgÃ»l!
Gandalf doesn't use magic because he's not meant to directly interfere int he affairs of men
nice to meet you too
dat stab
TrustWorthy: Yep, that's actually pretty badass
The Witch King of Ackbar
:D
04Remember that guy? Yeah, he's gonna level up and shit
hai Thunder-Crescent
it is the best damn weapon in this movie
If you can't kill the riders.
howdy
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Scenes were re-shot with the Witch King because his helmet was too similar to Sauron's in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and Peter Jackson was concerned that audiences would confuse the two.
the big flail of doom
Dem glowy walls
Why not just send them into a huge army of 10,000 people
11,01PaladinDrakkenwolf: That's all rhetortic to me. I've worked one job, so I wouldn't know by experience.
To kill everyone
Hey, I don't mind that the LOTR movies are so long! It's usually quality or quantity, and thankfully this movie has the best of the both.
Dumblewhore: <,<
"Only place left full of enemies. Let's storm the castle!!"
Dumblewhore: because logic
Gandalf could break out his awesome god powers but that would mean it wasn't men beating Sauron
just send spik he could kick a nazgrels ass all he nneds is a bith day present
Quit gawping at the gargoyle and move you dingbat.
them some steep stairs!
seems legit
The army! It comes! :O
i think whoever built those stairs took some bad measurements
pikoRing: this is because this movie have a lot of oscars :D
Besides, Dumblewhore, it wouldn't work. He's the Witch King of Ackbar. He recognizes when it's a trap.
RUN AWAY
frostmourne calls..
It's the emerald palace where Wizard of Oz lives!
the Maia on middle earth basically have to respect an arms control treaty that they won't directly go all out. Gandalf only shows a hint of his powers when facing other Maia
Thiis Creeped me out soo muuuch
1,11Still not as bad as those huge staircases in China...
ie. the balrog
04Speaking of China
its a trap with cake in it!
:O
04I really, really want Sleeping Dogs now
/me 11,01smokes SirGanjalfTheEmerald
04Like badly
Well, shit
OH SHIT :O
whoa!
holy...
Your not the only one
HERE COMES ANOTHER CHINESE EARTHQUAKE BRBRBRBRBRBRBRBR
TheMaster: The lore is awesome-
that chrysalis always somthing neww
erbrbrbrbrbrbrbr
aieou
Someone oversharged the arc reactor!
It is. Tolkein is the inventor of fantasy as we know it.
Kinda looks like he's got an ion cannon
EBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRBRB
We're doomed
holla holla get Â£
04Oh fuck, Shang Tsung is calling
Gandalf_the_White: dont get it, I read the review and it said it isnt really that good, in fact its rather bad :P
overcharged*
dooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooomed
HE HAZ BASS CANNON
1,11No.
its the haters cannon!
PedoWizard
HIPPIDY DIPPITY ZOWWEE WOW BATMAN!
holla holla get \
The stars are now right.
04Gonna swallow all the souls
Everything we and you know about fantasy as a genre was basically all set by Tolkein. Nobody is more integral
Alduin!
AGGGGGGH
The Stars are Left
RUN!
Holy Witchking, Batman!
its so adorable!
http://ponybot.net/pix/904.png
I want one.
This sound was one of the soundmens wife when she was sick, right?
dat army
Sounds like a 13 year olds voice cracking
04The great shitstorm of our time
Frodo's chest = my ears
He just sang Friday :D
XD
in other words: incoming shitstorm
:$ lo
hup two hup two
nah that sounded too good to be Friday
So, if the orcs can smell manflesh from far away as indicated in Two Towers, why can't they smell the halflings right now?
damn they so close
04"Oh, don't mind us. Just gonna raze up some villages"
back :)
how the fuck do ORCS manage to march in order?
hehe
Where was Gondor when we needed a nuke?
because if they caught sam and frodo then that'd be the end of the story
^
So basically plothole?
dirty feet is importnat man
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: Did the Heavens have mexican for dinner, because I sense a shitstorm!
04Sounds like a plothole
But they arent men, and tehres too many smells around, or something?
Probably because all they can smell at the moment is each other.
haha lol
hobbits do not smell like men?
pikoRing: oh dear:D
and yeah, maybe orcs dont' know what hobbits smell like
Climb the 7000 steps to High Hrothgar!
Which was the case in Two Towers as well.
watchout, we got a badass over here
They were in a big group there too, remember?
sam always is watching you
Besides, it was the Uruk-hai that identified the smell of men out in the open in a field with the wind blowing.
Maybe by "the flesh" they meant blood/bloody flesh. Maybe orcs are like sharks in this case?
[20:05] <CriticKitten> So, if the orcs can smell manflesh from far away as indicated in Two Towers, why can't they smell the halflings right now? | They can't smell anything over half a million other orcs
nothin <_<
Have you ever smelt half a million orcs?
so wait, who the hell made those stairs?
If Orcs have the ability to smell manflesh from miles away, can they smell why kids love Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
Can't smell good
hehe
Smells like ass.
Just came back from dinner, is Faramir dead yet?
Mixed with mud.
Smells like feet wrapped in leathery burnt bacon.
that pass was created by gondor
it was a city meant to watch over mordor and eventually was taken over by sauron and his forces.
wonder how long that took 'em
And yet they smelled the humans from a very long distance off while in a large group of several hundred in Two Towers.
Smells like tourists delight
smells like france
hobbits smell different then humans. there, thats the reason
^
Yeah, not buying the "couldn't smell them" excuse given the context of the last movie. :P
Stalker reference no one understands :P
and orcs dont' know what hobbits smell like because they'd never met them
Hobbits smell like pipe-weed:P
11,01Kandarihu: Blood cereal for Sauron?
Why do they have torches lit.
and shrooms
hobbits aren't men
Bloody-O's?
Meanwhile: BECAUSE THEY'RE SO INVISIBLE
;p
CriticKitten: Fine, they were out in the open air before
ninja orcs!
Lots more air circulation, fresh air
Dem sneaky orcs
also the hobbits were probably downwind
Stealth boats!
or upwing, whichever hides your scent
There they were in some witchking's death lair
+the elvish capes
this is a pretty good scene
NINJA!
Oh noes!
the orcs are smart
:)
Which probably smells like death.
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: On the Extended DVD extras, Peter Jackson explains that the head of Gothmog, the Leader of the Orcs during the Siege of Gondor, was partly derived from the head of Joseph Merrick, also known as the Elephant Man.
And is in a cave
And have no fresh air
Good job, idiots, you just alerted the humans that you were coming
Who knows what those longears put in them?
all the troops
They alerted the horde!
Where was Gondor when Gothmog?
CriticKitten: The horde has alerted the hor--wait, hold up.
I miss a good Lotr game :)
Row row row your boat quickly down the river! quickly, quickly quickly, Slaughter all the humans.
inb4 noisy-as-fuck attack
wat
11,01Sumi
Gimli: He was looking kinda familiar to me.
SO STEALTHY
MaxTheBrony: Tried Third Age Total War?
Its like D-Day :P
:D
WITH CATLIKE TREAD
LET'S MAKE LOUD BANGING NOISES AS WE DEPART THE BOATS
FOR THE ALLIANCE!
NO ONE WILL KNOW WE'RE HERE
FOR THE SWARM!
Fl00tersh41 yeah but that is technically a Mod
where is the action music- oh wait.
for Equestria!
FOR THE EMPRAH!
for beer and bacon!
Spess mahreens
Well, maybe orcs have racial disadvantages in stealth?
If i was those soldiers i would just had get the fudge out of there xD
How far are we?
like 40 mins
dat stealth
dat wood
spawn moar overlords
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: Racist!
i gues
aight
merry is master ninja
wheres a catapult when you need one? :P
heh
11,01Now light yourself on fire.
CriticKitten: Then every crpg is racist as well:P
So much stealth omigawd D:
Now jump!
well shit
those are some bad guards
oops
Oh fudge.
fool
Burn baby burn!
dafuq?
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: For the lighting of the beacons sequence, one beacon was helicopter up to the top of a mountain and then lit. The rest were all computer generated.
Now jump into a bale of hay!
They are like , OH shieeeet.
And they don't bother checking to see who lit the beacon
04"WELP! Gondor calls for aid!"
Stop right their criminal scum, you violated the law!
+25 Stealth
eagle jump!
oh he mad
We didn't start the fire!(It was that silly Hobbit)
dat epicness
<3 this music
xD
It was always burning
Those shots... hnnnnng too epic
This scene is epic
Dramatic scene of awesomeness!
love the parody on Family guy also :D
Dat cloud layer
Burn Motherfucker, Burn!
11,01Must be hell resetting those.
yeah
You know, this doesn't seem like a very efficient way to send for aid
dem lights just got 20% cooler
<3 this scene
What if one of the beacons gets wet?
Must suck living on the mountain
One of the most impressive shots in movie
Waiting to light it
1,11CriticKitten: What would you do otherwise?
Nittany_Discord, the trivia
*s
Emergency hair drier
Must have been really hard to set this up at first
CriticKitten: It actually is very efficient, it was also used several times in real life
We build it all uuuuuup, to burn it down! We can't wait to burn it to the ground!
How is everybody? :3
CriticKitten: they have oil with the beacons
If neither gondor nor Rohan gave a fuq about the old alliance, why did they still have the old beacons maned and stocked with tinder?
CriticKitten: its a way more better way than going that distance yourselves :)
Wet wood still burn when set right
I am great gilded
hai Gilded
Nittany_Discord: forget that, what about staying up there for days waiting for something like that?
11,01Kandarihu: That's how they did it in the movie.
Gimli: Uh, how about ride a horse there, like Gandalf did to get there in the first place? :P
Hello Gilded, I'm great :)
light travels faster than a horse
Gilded: Hmm would that be you gildash? or are you someone totally different:D
That would take several days. The beacons are much quicker.
pee pressue
Trope Namer!
Heya Gilded im good :)
light beacons aren't fiction
YAY!
peer*
/me answers the call for aid by Gondor
Nittany_Discord, well, I don't think this is a regular occurance.
Dat dramatic pause
Gilded: HI :3
rooohan fuck yeah
da rohirrim!
Where are the tribe when you need them
Nope, someone totally different :P I always get confused for different people in chats
EPICNESS!!!
ROHAN! Fuck yeah!
1,11CriticKitten: The horse ride takes three days. So that would be 6 days to get people there. The lighting probably takes about a few hours at most, so that's half the time.
Sucks to be from Rohan
The beacons are only faster if you have people staffed to watch for them 24/7.
Gilded smells!
and you guys had better be good considering what we're watching :o
and War
bro down right now TrustWorthy
Dumblewhore: why?
One huge war
CriticKitten: wich they do, and had back in the day
Then another
No one ever understands my stalker references D':
orly?
/me brohoofs Gilded violently!
Straight after
Gimli: And yet it takes them weeks in movie time to get the people there anyways, so that time barely makes any difference
/me noms on Trust's ear
Well, it's the same war, just multiple battles in the war.
By the way is this movie Bought or are we all here being acomplices to piracy :3 ( Jk ^^)
CriticKitten: imagine if it took even one more week, disaster
Theoden's got Merry's sword
Dat Esquire!
i own this movie so its okay for me to watch it
Vivix: According to who? When were these used? :P
Gimli: shadowfax
dat gimly badass
Horsemen, pfff
Acomplices of piracy?!?!
Never!
CriticKitten: the antique ages
xD
<<
>>
I can wiki it if you want
Vivix: Examples?
lol pony wont gho
be are be
And Merry can't get the horse to ride
zecora!!?? on a flag
Flag of the bronynation!
Oh, wait, no.
That was Pippin, was it?
the final battle for middle-earth!
I can never tell the two apart. >_<
Pippin is in gondor
Rohirrims assemble!
merry stayed with aragon
Ahhhh.
CriticKitten: The Chinese used similar beacons to send messages from the borders of their country. The Romans may also have used similar methods at Hadrian's Wall.
Technically no, Theoden, the doom of your kind will be decided in front of Mordor
xD Rohan is the brony nation :3
/me for me
Okay, so I was right from the start.
they need to quit *puts on sun glasses* horsing around
White horses in front. Totally not biased.
yeahhhhhhhh
CriticKitten: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beacon
TrustWorthy xD
Short article, not very good article, but has some info on it
that orc must've had a zergling in his family
HA an orc had a arrow in the knee
I'm in ur Gondor, killin ur doodz
Beacons are a fast way to send warning VERY far, relatively fast compared to pidgeon and messengers, of course you can't send A message, just a warning
Vivix: I like how it says "potentially conspicuous", is it ever supposed to not be secretive?
Whoops, sorry. D:
nazgul!
Osgiliath reminds me of Stalingrad somehow...
Hehe pikoRing I hope not
Vivix: Smoke signals are for messages
I love dem Hooded knights
spikes family on his uncles side
NullRadix: yeah
They use such good music in lotr
Vivix: I mean "intentionally conspicuous".
Oh, yeah
1,11RANDOM OMVIE TRIVIA: Since 2007, composer Howard Shore and conductor Ludwig Wicki have worked together to bring the movies to the concert hall, with the complete score being performed live to the movies by a complete symphony orchestra and chorus.
dat Elephant Orc
"The Great Wall of China is actually a beacon network too." That's cool
Bring him in for assimilation into the herd!
dat orc
hey!
stab, stab, stab
Hes badass
lol bronies
Heya DaringDerpy
Trust that's you
right there
NO! THIS LAND IS FOR THE NOOOOORDS!
hai DarignDerpy
Gimli: That would be ONE LONG ASS CONCERT.
Halla Daring Derpy
fuk da nords! fukfuk
The hell is wrong with his face?
"Run awaaaaay! Run awaaaaay!"
goo gandalf
gandalf one mnarmy
welp ded
WILHELM
I've seen teh live concert for FotR. It was awesome.
man army *
WILHELM
04Wilhelm!
dat wilhelm
oh hi wilhelm
AAAAAHH!!
Wilhelm dies again
Wilhelm ahain
Clearly Wilhelm
Nooooo horsie!!
04I'm coming, guys! I'm coming!
NOO NOT TEH PONAYS
xD
04Whiiiiiiiiiiiiite liiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight
I wonder if Wilhelm knew he would get this fameous
AHH LIGHT
suddenly choir
dat istari light
Oh my god, he just ran in
I love that part
Suddenly Light Beam
Man, the Nazgul are sissies to run away from a beam of light.'
so many plots!
Gandalf used solar beam, it was super effective
suddenly, lotr
Delicious haunches everywhere!
Those Nazgul can't be that scarry if all it takes to send them packing is a little lightshow
celestia musst be in ecstasy so many plots
shouldn't have refreshed
MegaMoonShine: Stick to plan, Gondor, stick to the plan!
So the greatest enemy of these mighty unkillable warriors of evil....is a flashlight
So basically useless
and fireworks
It's magic light. >_>
third part?
Yo Faramir
Vivix, please! Control your horse swooning. You don't want to fall down the path of clopping. D:
well its a long standing trope that bad guys are weak to light
O.o
what the
I know. It's still fun to laugh at,
We're doomed.
it means ded
nemo to self when traveling middle earth
uh oh
Hey, everypony! How are you all doing?
bring a flashlight.
he didn't mention the whole "I sort of delayed him for a few days and took him to osgiliath and made his butler evil again"
hehehe
Heya AJIsAwesome ! Im good , how are you yourself?
Hey, AJIsAwesome :)
stupid denethor
:)
is that his asshole father?
yeah
hai AJIsAwesome
Love how everyone pronounces Mordor with an accent
Denethor is faramirs dad
the citadel up there sheeet
Morrrrrdor
Is this the last movie?
is the father ever not an asshole
yeah
04Anyone else getting lag?
Denethor is also Boromir's dad
no\
Gandalf_the_White: Me.
Gandalf_the_White: im getting some
no
Fine on 0.6mbps
nop Gandalf
lag here
no Gandalf_the_White
Michael: He's not that bad in the books. It's just the movies that paint him up as a deranged nut
Gandalf_the_White: Noperoo.
Gandalf_the_White: I was getting some freezes a bit ago, refreshed and it fixed itself
Boromir was a douche :s
no lag here. playing just fine
Gandalf: Not now.
Denethor is the High Expectations Gondor Father
Gandalf_the_White: nope
Gandalf: Was earlier.
No lag here
ngggrrr
Oh STFU Denethor, you're an asshat. D:<
lol
Rustled jimmies
turns out he was loyal to a wizards pupil
haha
He mad
fall
Asshat Denethor :P
Poor guy
04w-w-wWHOOPS@
Heart attack-ack-ack-ack-ack-ack, you ought to know by now!
Is this The Return of The King?
he's totally crazy right now
He mad
Yeah AJIsAwesome
wow
AJIsAwesome: Yep.
Someone's on shrooms
whatever he is on
O.o what
I want some.
God he's wacko
O_o
1,11Wow. He's cracked...
he must be on some Dash or something
duhfuq
Loony.
i have never seen that
MaxTheBrony: When did it start?
He has snapped
(fallout equestrai reference)
He's crazy- I can't remember why
dat anger
cuckoo, cuckoo.
AJIsAwesome about 50 mins or so
this guy crazys
He gone crazy
04He's gone
Faramir gets denied again.
his own thoughts troll him
He's tiny, he's toony, he's absolutely loony
Whatever he's on, I want it
nuttier then squirel poo
AJIsAwesome, you just got here, so I am obligated to love you.
Well, his jimmies are ruslted beyond help
^
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: It has the highest perfect score at the Academy Awards, with 11 wins out of 11 nominations. Its wins' also means that the LOTR franchise has won every category it was nominated for except one (Best Supporting Actor).
How many stoner threads has he lurked in
Poor Faramir. :'(
CriticKitten: :D
MAKE LIKE A TREE AND SCIDADDLE!
if luna was here everything would be alright
froever rustled Jimmies. a tragic fate.
(Pointless /b/ refference :/)
CrimsonPhoenix: I loved Tiny Toons!
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The Steps of Cirith Ungol were crafted out of polystyrene, and proved a difficult set for Sean Astin, Elijah Wood, and Andy Serkis to film on. The steps were so steep and fragile that they sometimes broke, and because the steps were sprayed down with water, Sean Astin and Elijah Wood sometimes got their Hobbit feet stuck to the steps and had to be pulled off.
moaning
nothing bad will come of Denethor >_>
Gimli: And it SHOULD have won them all.
I hate this part ... even though this movie is about this...
this is the boring parts :s
TrustWorthy: maybe to many party time mentals
AJIsAwesome, me too
Gimli: which should of gone to Andy Serkis
Funny trivia is funny
Gimli: Reminds me of that snow scene where the snow made everyone itchy-
....ho shit
CriticKitten: I loved Tiny Toons.
or alot of stampede cratorkid
'Bout to go down!
come to me... precious
Come to Sssmeagol
CrimsonPhoenix: Sorry, talking to CriticKitten. But it's cool that you like it.
I wonder if the world had been better if Gollum had kept the ring
How can Smeagol be stronger than two hobbits :S?
That smegal is a troll
He hates poor Smeagol because poor Smeagol is an evil sob
Troll Smeagol.
if Gollum kept the ring then the nazgul could have just picked it up at the cave
Smeagol is best troll
fat one.
/me is confused about psychological standing of Smeagol.
Sssneaky Sssmeagol is Sssneaky
Seems legit.
this is true >_>
Smeagol got anime eyes :)
Arthena: So you mean he's a Smeatroll?
nooo hes a hater hes turning brony against brony
trust a thing that tried to kill you...Seems legit.
hllo spike
Frodo is not in the best state of mind
dat armored dragon
Thanks, but those aren't really very efficient orders, sir.
CriticKitten yes
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: According to the cast commentary, although Lawrence Makoare was the person in the Witch-King's costume, his voice was later performed by Andy Serkis (also playing Gollum).
You know, Frodo is like your average Pokemon protagonist, doesn't say a word, just keeps going.
Giggity Witch king
:p
Congratulation Witchking, you're the new Bane.
Welp they're screwed then
Andy serkis are so talented :)
Did they get to "Trolling Saruman" yet?
brb
When Minas Tirith is ashes...
"you have my permission to die when Gondor is broken and in ashes"
you mean average protagonist in also nearly every single game
04Oh, so it's like Skyrim
Slaying Dragons!?
Fuck! Dragonlovers unite!
back
beeep100: Weeeeeelllll, not as of recently, the characters in videogames have become a lot more dynamic.
levae the Dragons alone!
:p
leave britny alone
So Boromir was always the Applejack, and Faramir the Twilight?
Dragons are evil !
Fat chance:(
i love scenes like that
sayervice
heh
dat oath
beeep100: I just use Pokemon as an example, because it'll always be that the main character never talks.
MaxTheBrony: They're not Evil, they're just misunderstood
1,11Service to GONDOR, but not to YOU.
Until my lodr release me... or death take me...
bad touch
Suddenly inappropriate
CUE SONIC SAYS!
SirGanjalfTheEmerald a dragon ate my Cat Mittens i wont forgive them anytime soon !
dat pimp signet
stream died here
don't refresh
well that was awkward
Dammit! Food in movies, you always make me hungry as Hell.
stream is working for me
This guy is an idiot.
mmm grapes
grape tomatoes
this eating scene actually made me sick the first time
O.o This movie food makes me sick... or atleast the man eating it
Grapes of wrath.
....that look in Faramir's eyes. ._.
"Gee, thanks dad..."
Vivix agreed
dads a dick
:'(
harsh
works again
Ouch]
I feel sorry for Faramir :(
i need to walk the dog brb
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: I SEE WHAT YOU DID THERE!:D
Skipping again. D:
I am hungry now
Skipping again lightly
CriticKitten: He wants just to hear "Son, i'm proud of you." :(
poor faramir, he deserves more respect :[
*just want
:(
Skipping ruined the food scene!
no not more frodo ...
he's a capitalist!
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: Ain't ever gonna happen
So if he comes back alive
He'll still hate you
Basically
04Yep
yeah
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: Doesn't everyone want to hear those words from someone?
Yeah
Dumblewhore: Essentially
Dumblewhore: Basically he's the worst father and deserves to burn in the fires of hell. :D
"I'm proud of you, son" "Thank's, teacher, but I'm a girl"
Did i miss Allegr0 and GigabiteHarmonie yesterday?
1,11Is the stream down for anyone else?
:(
Nope.
no its up for me
Working fine here.
fine here
nope
1,11Damn.
no
04Fuck Smeagol
It was for me shortly
it works Gimli
Sneekeh
Working though it skips a bit for me
It's skipping a bit
refresh until it works again, Gimli
SABOTAGE
sneaky :p
now if that was me sleeping up there... i would have rollled right of that cliff
NOO THE BREAD
ninja
SNEAK
sneeeeeeeeek
SSssneeeeaaaaak
Gollum's sappin' mah Lembas Bread:[
Rohan was just thinking that about frodo
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The amount of money that New Line reclaimed in tax breaks on the 3 "Lord of the Rings" films was ten times more than the entire annual budget of the New Zealand Film Commission, which funds local film-making.
Smeagol has 100 sneak skill
Sneaking.
Snake? SNAKE! SNAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAKE!
Which LOTR?
you dont wanna know
Lunac the third
lol troll.
Lunac: return of the king
Gimli: Holy shit. ._.
thanks MaxTeBromny
not the bread!
Skipping
Not the Lembas D:
tell him about the sneaking
Hobbits need food badly.
Ok stream is not working for me now
stupid gamli
dem jacketses
Trololololol
FRAME
dat trap
umad?
douchface?
Bonk bonk bonk
LIES
it's a trap
Madness! Madness I say!
Kill him!
did he say Douchface?
11,01Who builds stairs like this?
doucheface?
it's frozen
dat acting
let him kill him
Hah! If I were Frodo or Sam that would be a bad move on Smeagol's part. Because wouldn't mind cannibalising on the little shit.
Nittany_Discord orcs
Nittany_Discord: Someone who doesn't want guests
Sam is the element of share the load.
I'm gonna refresh if this thing skips again
dat stare
dem lips
uh oh
11,01Take a load.
My stream is down
carry share the load.
Do they have hunting knives?
Drop a load.
Frodo: "Same wants my load." O_O
MINE!
stop talking about loads :s
^
tis a lie!
SEE?
Steam's down on my end
Entirely.
Same here.
shmeagol you liiiiiiieee fraaammee
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The scene where Frodo sends Sam away took a year to complete due to New Zealand's unpredictable weather.
And then Frodo grips the idiot ball so hard
Poor Sam :C
I see stream now
Haha--wow
lol
a year?
Oh noes, betrayal!
:O
Fool of a Baggins!
:'(
Friendship broken
Frodo love and tolerates Golem even when he tried to kill him
Frodo caught the idiot ball like a champ right there.
There we go.
:'(
Yeah, you can kind of see the change in weather.
but he doesn't love and tolerate best friend
Right in the feels:(
Smeagol is a successful troll
a year for this scene is a lot of time
WHAT THE HELLL FRODO
CriticKitten: Ring corruption has made him paranoid
D':
Trust a shriveled up creature that you've only met for a while rather than your best friend. Wow.:(
Frodo is mostly gone inside the ring now-
turns gray
They need to watch MLP then they would know Friendship is Magic.
^
I missed Frodo's freakout
One does not simply return from Mordor alone
Haunches!
and ridiculous amoutns of bloom
he'S riding to his death and everybody knows it
/me throws flowers
inb4 ManUp.jpg
were was Gondor when Frodo rejected sam!?
Dammit. Why does this keep skipping/freezing?
It's starting to skip a lot now
Armor up!
Manly tears were shed that day
damn littering
No skipping for me
Mine is stable
1,11MrBen: So I'm not the only one.
Lawl Rohan
They're doomed
everyday im littering
For some reason it's not skipping for me.
No skipping here
starting to skip a little bit.
can it be your connections?
madness?
I'm not getting any skipping
Mares or stallions, which is best warhorse? Tradition say mares?
i got 100/mb
I don't see any skippidy skips.
This is GONDOR!
Did they do that "thing" to Saruman yet?
hey if you dont i will Dumblewhore :S
I got 0.6mbps and I get no lag
MaxTheBrony: Maybe, but I usually don't have stream problems like this
O.o
1,11Could be. Wouldn't be the first time my connection went to sh*t for no reason.
I got 20, no lag here
0.6? O_o
seems legit
AJIsAwesome: Yes, and i've missed it:(
yeah, here's to living in the rural area!
My connection's pretty good, actually
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: Aw man.:(
Wow o.O 0.6
I went from 16mbps to 0.6 when I moved
So I don't know....
I need more though
13:O
Oh god, dis scene coming up
steam downloads at 2 mbps. :/
13SHAMROC
13I FOUND A SIGN
I thought i had slow internet :p
hehe
So you're not the only one who's skipping and I'm not the only one who's fine
ponieeees
Heya Shizuka :)
Shamroc, pay attention.
The stream is fine to me, even on such horrible net
dat shot
oh what
Shizuka: you has sign?
Now that's a good gallop
for those who are skipping, I suggest a refresh and report back if that doesn't fix it
13just dropped
Dis scene. ;_;
is his lip bleeding?
Sing the song of your people!!
yay~ shizu has sign!
this song
eating sounds
Stop eating like a Pig denetor
...
I SHALL NOW SING THE SONG OF MY PEOPLE.
Disgusting!
Ded tomato
yatatatatatatata
That guy has terrible table manners.
sad song inb4
shhh this song
yeees disgusting-
And then dramatic song
moment of silence
Shizuka: Hi :3
This song is great
This song is epic
Oppa gangnam style
Meanwhile: tell me about it
:)
Gimli: Don't you guys usually use mits to broadcast videos?
What song?
inb4 death montage
let us be quiet for this scene.
1,11You're typical jackass ruLER.
did stream die?
omnomnom
1,11Ruler*
All those pretty horses---
:s
all the arrows
1,11Usually, yes.
shiver*
,
Maid_RainBow: It's fine forme
Seriously horses are amazing creatures, their anatomy is awesome.
rulers are usually nice, i like the ones that are 30 cm
Stream skipping, during epic song!!
:(
eww
1,11Orcish Arrows. I loved finding them in Skyrim. They were pretty damn powerful.
:(
MaxTheBrony yeah
Faaaaaaade.
blood
Singing and fighting while that lazy-ass stuffs his disgusting face.
:'(
SYMBOLISM
AWww--
1,11Ironically, I'm rather hungry now...
WRaaaah
Damnit them feels
dat siege towers
i dont have any stream :(
Gimli: Pinkie Pie arrows are way better, dude!
I wonder what Shire is doing at this time lol ;P
Reminds me of mount and blade
Horses are one the few quadropeds(?) that are really pretty-
Maid_RainBow: you forgot to take the outfit off :)
fourleggedthings*
300 from Denmark?
oh i just love this outfit
Gimli: I could make you a Grilled Cheese my lord
Bjornfot: Pffft! Rainbow Dash's arrows are much faster! And Twilight's arrows are enchanted!
Danskene kommer!
Riders from snowball?
I missed maid Hour :s
CriticKitten: I was thinking that :D
Inge svenskar :(
Awww
CriticKitten: ....I want to make a 300 joke, but nothing comes to mind
Svenskene sover
rts, anyone?
:P
6000 isn't enough?
pikoRing: but aj's ar so damn strong !!
Vivix: Gu gÃ¸r vi sÃ¥
pikoRing: No, Arrows of Laughter really exist. As a mod.
lagging anyone?
hehehe
WORDS. THEY FAIL ME
MrBen: Tonightr we dine in Mordor?
Oi you silly fellow scandinavians don't speak your own langauge here :P
Anyone seen the planetary annihilation kickstarter yet. I can't waut
So there are arrow mods in Skyrim now?
Ganjalf: ...that works. lol
hmm
Brownclown i havent is it An RTS?
Awww-- we could have had secret convos
Uh. Didn't Saruman raise an army of ten thousand to destroy Helm's Deep, and you crushed him with much less than half that? Why would you feel like you need twice as many as you have?
i quit
i cant fix it
I want spears in Skyrim...
1,11"That Road there....where does that lead?"
=\\\\\\\\\\\\\\
Yes it is
ah
1,11EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEVIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIL!!!!
then i think i have seen it
:)
Morodor has a lot more then 10,000 orcs
Gimli: The 7/11
one where you can smash asteroids into planets
Vivix: True but...that would annoy others
and they're attacking, not defending
BrOnyxia: We are doing maintenance, will be back soon.
yeaah-
dat stare
cratorkid: And Rarity's are tipped with super-sharps jewels, making enchantments better.
1,11Meanwhile: OH, AWESOME! I want a slushee...
O___________0
did anypony else just see that??!!!
cant see anythin now.. no stream
exactly
BrOnyxia: You're getting this message?
6000 on horseback should be enough to shatter a fairly large legion of orcs. >_>
ye
i do
Bjornfot: Well I didn't catch the reference.
did anypony else just see that ghost?
yes PaladinDrakkenwolf
PaladinDrakkenwolf i missed it :S
yes paladin
pikoRing: i would have thought rarities are mostly for show
No PaladinDrakkenwolf, you're crazy
I ship Eowyn and Merry
I ship frodo and gollum then
Esquire, 1951, one pickup, three tonemodes
I want to use the restroom but I don't want to not watch the stream.
Gimli: did you know (and I forgot which day) 7-11 has a free slushie day? :P
lol
A blade that's blunt enough for the wizards of Aldrheim
he does have a point
1,11She's in the tent there, helping the hobbit with his sword.
Gilded: Oh my~
Eowyn X Merry is my OTP
o.o
what'd i do?
He is a MAn
Buthe's been there-- Oh, you don't know that.
Gimli: Oh my:D
Just a shorter man
War is the stupidity of men.
War, War never changes
1,11You clearly don't know what Merry's been through. :P
This guy is such a jerk
ha, that eye twitch
cratorkid: No, imagine this: a jewel tipped arrow, enchanted by Twilight, the shaft made with the wood of AJ's strongest trees, and flanked by the feathers from Rainbow's own wing.
Damn you and you stupid discremination
War, what is it good for?
:S
TheMaster: no love for Eowyn x Faramir?
WAAAAAAAAGH!!!!
Ganjalf: NOTHING!
Absolutley nothing!
xD
dat song
Oh shit! :O
And the song by War - Whyy cant wee be frieends,
dat tear
I want to blast that song while playing some mp game-
ded
synctonised sleeping?
DAT ONE TEAR
Gilded Gilded Gilded Gilded
waaaaaaaat
Did she died?
she died so hard she woke back up
swag tent
Dat pony tent
PONY!
You don't need an army when you've got swag
Look at my gold and surrender!
Agent SMITH!
1,11Elrond.
Where's neo when you need him?
Mr. Aragorn...
he enterend the matrix
entered*
why are we whispering?
Mordor!
Agent Elron
WHAT OMG TRUST
Because whispering is dramatic
we get it! shes dying!
Gimli: not to be confused with Elros :S
Does this mean Morpheus is working for Sauron?
Mr. Anderson!
Damn corsairs!
dat pirates
V also
What if Aragorn didn't really woke up, but entered the Matrix instead? D:
:3
giggle!
1,11There are none...that are alive...
Lich King
Do what you want because a pirate is free.....
What is I told you, you don't have enough men to win
and aragorn is all like "eurgh, no way dude"
if*
I mean, Morpheus lives in a city under the ground and has waged war all his life against the surface dwellers...
call upon the sea ponies
SirGanjalfTheEmerald this is the matrix but in the medeival simulator
:)
They will answer to the king!
undead legions are best soldiers, oh wait spoiling
here, have this Valyarian steel sword
epic sword
1,11Epic Sword reveal!
SWORD
Morpheus is basically and ork
The Flame of the West?
1,11*Zelda theme plays*
It's made of freakin' diamonds
That's a pretty sweet sword title
pulls epic sword from ass, no questions asked
ITS DANGEROUS TO GO ALONE. TAKE THIS
tadadaduuum
Frostmourne hungers... oh, wait
TheMaster: nothing keeps an edge like valyrian
:p
Epic Sword Time
longsword :D
ka-ching! sparkle-sparkle
You got the mastersword
BEHOLD, THE MASTER SWORD! THE BLADE OF EVIL'S BANE!!
Stephen Colbert now has that sword
It's... beautiful:'(
Ok, what did I miss?
I like the Elven king :)
That looks more like the Bigoron sword to me. =P
he is an awesome actor
he knows kung fu...
has*
but at the moment i have forgoten his name
:)
Nothing much I see.
""Quest Accepted""
dat bufferin =\
but he is holding it with one hand, it cant be bigorons Gold_Demona
Boltasar: True
watch me
You cannot abandon me!
I mean the men!
Boltasar: Or maybe Aragorn is just that badass. =P
Oh hai twilight_sprinkle
Where was Gondor when >_> was added?
She wants him inside her
I remember you
hoi Slenderman
eowyn has been frienzoned!
DENIED
Everybody else... don't know them
i also remember you Slenderman :P
Fl00tersh41: wall , that was blunt
*friendzoned
sorry doll, he likes the elven meat
REJECTED!!
Fl00tersh41: well*
also he's like 87 years old
<_<>_>
hai Slenderman
Sundaysmile: :D
yeah isnt Aragon like half Elf or something....
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Aragorn speaks to Eowyn before departing on the Paths of the Dead. In the book, this is actually the first time these two characters speaks to each other, and is a much longer scene. The aspects of the scene found their way into earlier exchanges between the characters in both this and the second film, however, to make their relationship more realistic.
Greetings Michael
Once you go Elven, you never go back
maybe she can buy some of those rubber spock ears from the gift shop
Laddy :>
heya Slenderman :)
have you learned nothing from Gondor?
Hello Slenderman :)
Gimli: Good thing too, it really makes the films work better
Hi Slenderman, I love you!
Instead of just being a random sudden love interest
yeah
agreed
Into the darkness........
Greetings MaxTheBrony , pikoRing, and anybody else who said hell
Viking!
They're entering the instance.
I mean hello
:D
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: not yet
we will die for fun
But where is their healer?
I like King Theoden.
no epic speech time?
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: its a phased area
MegaMoonShine: hes afk
basically , hey , we are going to war , your all going to die
PaladinDrakkenwolf: oh, rght
theoden is best king
*right
Slenderman: Those are the best kinds of typos.
Gamlling in swedish means Old person :3
"Nope, we can't beat them, but we're going to fight them anyways. Problem, you sissy bitch?"
oh there so ded with no healer
how you doing Slenderman you want 20 dollars
I HAVE BEEN LEFT WITH THE ENCLOSED INSTRUCTION BOOK.
Back with snacks, Did I miss any horsies?
Oh God, we have another cachi01 here
Wow no wonder my Computer is laggy i got 52 titles installed on steam .s
Vivix: Just one.
:S
Maid_RainBow: the keep splitting the goddamn party
Hopefully one of them is in a lvl 25 guild and can mass ress
Aww
alexmm xhut the fuck up I don't want that bullshit right now
George Patten once said "The duty of any soldier is not to die for their country but to make the enemy die for his."
she never smiled
1,11They're going in without a white mage. Morons.
O.o
NO HEALZ FOR YOU!
Who's the tank?
I remember when healing was necromancy
Orlando is best legolas :3
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Most of the lines Legolas says in the Extended Edition scene of the Paths of the Dead are direct quotes from the book.
What's the mage?
Tank's AFK
cools story, bloom
nice
They're in Deadwind Pass
Maid_RainBow: WAS boromir
He said it : TWILIGHT!!!
1,11Legolas > Edward
Gimli: no worries, anduril has 95% chance of banish undeads
The Sparkle or the Sparklepire?
Imagine how many forgotten people exist
Gimli: hell yeah
this place reminds me of dawnguard
wow
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: theres the instance portal
xD
Damn you wowers
< former wower
WoWers*
:p
never played wow
the dwarf is tank
dat voice
Just toss the dwarf in first
PaladinDrakkenwolf: I wonder what level you need to have to enter it...
MaxTheBrony: no , dnd
horse is not amused
The Dwarf shouldnt be scared :P
cowardly ponies!
frostmourne hungers...
1,11You know, I actually had a Legolas picture on my computer at Middle school once, and a kid that was walking behind me asked if they were making a Legend of Zelda movie. XD
^
Suddenly Aragorn is super badass
lol
Gimli: lol
:D
was snipes and snails
lol Gimli :D
In LoTR, Death fears you!
dwarf goes with him and gets sacrificed to frostmourne
It's the opposite day!
Gimli is so funny
twilight_sprinkle: he gets better
twilight_sprinkle: Poor Muradin;(
THe dwarfactor was the unluckiest of them all, allergic to his makeup, too tall to be in any wideshots- poor bastard
Dwarves, dual wielding two handers like a boss
When is intermission?
Ahh so gimli is a fury specced warrior then
MrBen: Probably in a couple of hours
this movie isn't even halfway done
Does that horse cape... have a cutie mark?
giggity
AJIsAwesome: But I thought we were already in two hours?
Aw yeah! Gettin' some tonight!
MrBen: Say 2 or 3.
Eowyn and Merry is best ship
rides the queen
So what does that make Aragon then, a ret paladin
My Lady
epic
ORCS
I mean, the movie started at 1 my time...it's already almost 3.
WOAH
And so did the brony army ride forth
Awwwww shit
HA HORA
dat army
PaladinDrakkenwolf: i thought aragorn was a ranger?
Shit's gonna go down!
this movie sin't really halfway over.
MrBen: Never mind.:$
The orcs are commin!
Dem troll drums
dat bass drum
these movies are marathons for a reason
cratorkid: he dual specs
CriticKitten: Bronies vs. Trolls. Perfectly represented in this movie.
Pretty sure that makes Legolas a MM hunter with dualwielded agility daggers.
Well, eh. *shrug*
who you gonna call when there is a ghost in your cave?
SKULLS FOR THE SKULL THRONE!!!!
WHAT DO YOUR ELVEN EYES SEE, LEGOLAS?
How long is the extended edition of this movie again?
3 hrs
MrBen i see caplocks
4 hours
atleast
4 or so hours
shut up, youre not helping!
Good thing there is no timed event
Legolas sees undead people.
O.o
seven hours
1,11I noticed that since I closed Steam, the stream isn't lagging or skipping. :D
legolas : i see dead people
pfft
lol
haaands
bad touch! BAD TOUCH!
dat ghost hand
haha
Aragorn is gonna be spamming Turn Undead like a boss
xD
lol gimli
Bad dead touch
Legolas: ...LOL I didn't realize there was actually someone here with that SN. Brilliant.
:D
CUE SONIC SAYS!
1,11foo
1,11ffffooo
in the cave of molestia
xD
LOL
haha
:F
Hey, he's just trying to lend you a HAND!
ffff
like a bauws
he just wants a high five
so these ghosts are the touchy feelly type
xDDDDDDDDD
Ghost of Molestia
1,11He's slowly freaking out. XD
FART YOU DWARF FART
Gimli's hyperventilating!
Hey, kids! It's okay if you're hugged by someone you like,
Gimli is 1.90 m or something, right?
oops
Welp.
SKULLS
MrBen well there are almost all the characters here why not Legolas
why'd ya look Gimli
his actor I mean
"Show me on the doll where the ghost hand touched you"
well shit
/me hugs AJIsAwesome
Legolas: Good point
Vivix: yeah something like that
mmm.. crunchy!
*crack*
MegaMoonShine: I died. XD
dem noises
Maid_RainBow: Thank you?
LOL
He's having fun.....
Gimil's all like "I'M FREAKIN' OUT MAN"
bronies for good FTW
I remember this bit in the game
He says that
Lich King!
We're 2 hours into the movie. Intermission in half an hour?
dat lauch
IT'S GREEN SKULL!
nyuk nyuk nyuk
O.o
*laugh
and with that I actually have to go to work Bronies, so see you all later
MUMRA!
Ner'zhul, is that you?
zombie bullshit
Shit! Who pulled?!
Later, Paladin
haha
xD
what is Arthus doing there
LEEEEEEEEEROY!!!!!
army of the dead!
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: Ner'zhul is a orc so nope
uhhhm, RUN
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The final day of filming on the trilogy actually happened over a month after this movie was theatrically released, and three weeks after the 2004 Academy Awards. Peter Jackson arranged to film one final shot of skulls on the floor in the tunnel of the Paths of the Dead, which was included in the Extended Edition of ROTK. He thought it was funny to be doing filming
1,11on a movie that had already won the Best Picture Oscar.
Frick, I'm still in blood'
hehehe
of course that would work
trololololo aragorn
denied
:O
REJECTED!!
Join me warriors, and I shall make you the greatest in Korodai! Or else you will die.
XD
:p
epic army of the dead
...how can you kill something that's already dead?
What, you wanna stay zombies forever?
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: According to a magazine article, Peter Jackson hated the Army of the Dead; he thought it was too unbelievable. He kept it in the script because he did not wish to disappoint diehard fans of the book trilogy.
What say you?
I thought it was a good part of the story, what is Jackson smoking?
MrBen: You can't but you can eternally damn them to be bound to the world and never get pass on
its the first time Aragon gets to act like the King he has to become
Epic laugh is epic
I agree with Jackson on that one
FIGHT FOR ME! FOR US! FOR EQUESTRIA!
but I was pleased to see it in the movie-
In Middle Earth, ghosties giggle at you.
What you say?
^
Skullalanche
Run for your lives!
Kothen: :D
You wot mate?
Skulls for the Skull throne!
its raining SKULLS
alot o skulls
ABBALANCHE
Oh, this bit inthe game was a bitch
^
all the skulls
O: jesus
that's a lot of skulls
whats important is that Aragon is now embracing his role as a king. The army of the dead didn't answer Isildur when he called and so became damned. Aragon is setting right what was wrong.
OH GOD! Somebody used the duplication glitch on Skyrim to make millions of skulls!
:O
Gimli: Hrm, I kinda agree actually. I know it takes place in a fantasy land, but all the same....
SURFS UP
Skullalanche
Khorne must be so envious
skull swimming!
Skull flood
damm
Needs moar Tom Bombadil
/me sings SOS by ABBA
so many skulls
or skull surfing!
kawabungaaaa
dont DROWN!
Avalanche of Skullls!
Khorne, eat your heart out!
everything is better with skulls
Lol
SKULLVALANCHE!
dat coincidence
"that was easy"
Well, that's convenient
the ships just happend to be there :P
we fight!
YEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Awesome :)
The Army of the Dead has joined the party.
AHAHHHH
he shouldve said "okie"
haha
8)
okiedokielokie
okie dokie lokie
Okie dokie loki?
Woohoo, we got an Unholy DK now!
Hey, they're dead. They don't have anything better to do.
MaxTheBrony: Hey, Southron Pirates gotta make a living too you know
xD
Faramir! ;_;
Faramir, no!
Pinkie pie swear?
he is ded
:(
Fl00tersh41 xD
Horse is fine!
hi guys
He ded? :'(
;_;7
hey everypony
Thats one rusty catapult
Heya Pikachu and Sketch_Toku_Brony
hi Pikachu :)
:)
hey Sketch_Toku_Brony :)
that is one butt ugly doggie
Sketch_Toku_Brony: HI!:)
how you doing Pikachu and Sketch_Toku_Brony
Hi Sketch_Toku_Brony! I love you, and let's not forget about you Pikachu!
hai Sketch_Toku_Brony and Pikachu
Pikachu: Hi!:)
good
im doin good alexxm
Nun survived!? Whew.
>_>
hi everyone :)
Lul Rohan
"
hi Pikachu
that guy is so disgusting
Its raining heads! D:
If none survived, then who brought back Faramirs corpse?
that's grim
Vivix the cataplut guy?
:)
Hello Pikachu Sketch_Toku_Brony
pikoRing: I see what you did there.:D
aw thanks pikoRing :$
"release the prisoners"
the face guy
yea
Ewww heads!
:P
This was a sort of scare tactic that some armies used, for the record.
ITS A RAININ MEN!
Fl00tersh41: his horse
1,11That Psychological f**k you.
Yeah, real life shyte
so how far into the movie are we?
Orc army use Catapult of Heads -50 hope to all Gondor troops.
Head projectiles, -50 to morale
Oh shit
Somone has been asleep
oh, NOW he notices
Oh, NOW you care?
Flinging enemy heads or diseased bodies into the enemy city to scare them and kill them off through disease
Yup, ded >_>
prepare the catapults!
OH SHIT :O
golems :#
giant
well hey, at least they didnt fire plague cows
inb4 ultimate breakdown
phew
That wall didn't do anything
Soon Boom headshot :d
brb
laaaag
Ded
1,11> Refuses to light the beacon. "Rohan's abonded us"
dem cubes
Isn't there something in the Laws and Customs of war against catapulting severed enemy heads?
ABANDON THREAD
stfu denethor
THAT WALL HAD 3 WEEKS TILL RETIREMENT!!!
bonk
Not back then, in real life
PWNED
xD
DOHOHOHOO!
Nope.gandalf
PANIC
STICK
XD'
smack
Bonk
that olf fucker lost it
BONK!
BOINK
HAHAHAHA
dat classic 3 words
Prepare for battle!
:D
Gimli: right nutjob if ya ask me
Gandalf dont play dat :| lol
Boop!
1,11Like I said, it's like a Pimp Cane. XD
Gandalf is fucking boss
Guards--not giving a fuck
Hooray for Gandalf! :D
Gandalf uses Rally the Troops +15 Morale
That's how you do comic relief right!
baby, y u no fight??
charge
Gandalf booped his nose with a mace
TO ARMS!
Gandalf any last words?
to the abism!!!
gandalf is the new emperor now
twilight_sprinkle: :D
I love how the guards do nothing to stop Gandalf beating up their ruler.
That wonderful horse
he ded
squish
twilight_sprinkle: WHAT SICK MAN SEND BABIES TO FIGHT MEE!?
lol
TREBUCHETS
Now THAT's a l33t horse, climbing stairs like that
Kothen: yeaah, they just stood there
they ded
weeeeeeee
pikoRing: hehe
cdc
here take our wall and be happy
ded
They're getting STONED.
Strike!
heres TON
You want this city, take it!
Darn! Only a spare
dat stone
*TOM...
That ork general is too cool to flinch
I wouldnt stop a man who tries to replace a completely mad and incompetent general
Orc Commander uses Not Giving a Single F*ck +0 F*cks to Catapult Rock
aim for the towers stupid humans ;p
Here comes TOM!
close enough
Here comes Tom!!!
So they're catapulting pieces of their own city at the enemy. Wow.
I find it interesting that Gondor's rocks aren't bouncing
Spittle
fail
You wanted Tom? Well, you'll get Tom!
1,11Like a boss.
well that close
That was close
But the bad guys are
look out here come TOM SALICK!!
brownringwraiths!
Oh shit dragons!
Gothmog doesn't even care.
laggig
1,11DOVAHKIIN!
Ring Wraiths have entered the battle
Dragonthingtime
I thought TOM was a ----Oh you mean TOM SALICK
CriticKitten: massive stone cubes dont tend to bounce
dargons are the best thang EVERAH
wheres the dragon born when you need him
lol insert skyrim theme here
*PS: I meant TOM was a bot
Gandalf y u no white light again
dat acting
FUS ROH DAH!!
where's the dovahkiin when u need it?
Dark_Horst: They do when you fling them out of a catapult.
those aren't Dragons though
Wilhelm 2
His flashlight ran out of batteries
no wonder they didnt get nominated for acting
Ring Wraiths use Screech -25 to accuracy for all allied units.
this theme
Dark_Horst: With the amount of momentum behind those stones, there is no way they'd land and stop dead like that.
Gimli: I am ponyborn, will that count?
oh don't lag on me now you bastard.
HEAD SHOT THEM!!!
Tower explodes into orcs. Made me lol.
Splat
it's raining men!
CriticKitten: Extremely heavy stones tend to not bounce when fired like that, only if they are going at a really massive speed, which they weren't
PANIC!
Soldiers on rampart should have parachutes for just such an occasion.
kill the trolls
^
CriticKitten: well, some of them rolled and slid. but bouncing would be a little too much
weeee
internet wars in a nutshell
Lol fall
lmao
Why you no hot oil
They are doing it wrong , they should tolerate the trolls :P
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The battle scenes, which reportedly contain over 200,000 digital participants, are so huge that an extra room had to be built onto Weta Digital's effects facility to house all the computer equipment needed to render the scenes.
troll wars in a nutshell
MIKE MORASKY WORKED ON These digital fights!
Aww, I want to play it at home Gimli
:P
the hobbit is high!
RETREAT!
Dark_Horst / Vivix: It's got nothing to do with the weight or shape. The sheer momentum of rocks like that would be absurd, too much for the rock to just stop dead.
uhhh!
Gandalfs battle cry XD
The Hater Orcs vs the Fellowship of the Brony
Battle Mage powah!
BRB AGAIN
c'mon you cowardly lil bastard
srry caps
Fuck you I'm Gandalf.
Pippin uses Hobbit Stab! It is super effective!
Why doesnt he use magic? Like Flames or other?
Use magic, dammit!
CriticKitten: they didnt just stop dead. except one
:P
lvl 24 wizard
CriticKitten: It's not getting enoguh momentum to lift itself again because it is going slowly, at a low momentum, and downards
no need for magic
Cast magic silly old prume
gandalf's like dayum boy ya'll got skils
sams first kill
1,11Gandalf the Badass.
Gandalf can't freely use all of his angelic powers.
Throw 500kg stones the same way, they do not bounce
he's suppose to keep his interference to a minimum
MegaMoonShine: Gandalfs magic don't work that way
he's trying to train his hand to hand skill
xD
That perfect Accent
DEM CORPSES
The Istari were sent to advise men on fighting the enemy, not do it for them
lol why do i keep thinking of Dark Souls when i watch this? :D
Grog
*gront
mooooooooo
O_____________0
back
dat ram
send in everyone!
Dafuq is this?
is big
Grond!
Oh God! It's the NASA shuttle flight deck!
Badass weapon incoming!
Weird creatures!
twilight_sprinkle: Which one?
Groung has entered the battlefield.
in Battle For Middle Earth I always succeeded into getting that thing killed in time.
Why didn't they bring that in in the first place?
AJIsAwesome: EVERYOOOOOOOONE
GROG
*gront
1,11That wolf...
movies over
with enough dead bodies piled up at the door they could just walk up to the top of the walls
Grog, grog, grog
Dumblewhore: Because of budget.
1,11INTERMI-nope.
Stop klicking me your making me seasick
twilight_sprinkle: Nice reference.
Inter-denied.
Dumblewhore: cause trolls
Sudden quiet scene
war is over. trolls won.
Dumblewhore: well would you exspect to break the gate down with that?
we passed the two hour mark. no break?
Dumblewhore: the power of plot
YOU SHALL NOT PASS!
i hope this anit end
Dark_Horst / Vivix: Except that stones of that size flung at that speed would, in fact, have an incredible amount of momentum in the horizontal direction. More than mere wind resistance could stop. :P
Maid_RainBow: Warcraft 2 click abuse!
troll gimli
haha
xD
lol gimli
Nudge.
Gimilli you troll
Derp
1,11lawl
:D
Vivix : in deed
XD
hah, gimli
Peter Jackson!
lol
CriticKitten: they DID roll and slide
dead army
dis army!
oh shit
Dammit gimli!
he HAD to ask.
oh shit
ahahaha
THE SEA PONIES
Aragorn uses Troll Army
1,11Gimli is such a troll. XD
Oh, wait
guess
:O WHOA
shoo be doo!
I see dead people.
CriticKitten: It was a trebuchet was it not? look at stone throwing, any more movement than was shown would look really really really weird
Und dann the pirates pissed themselves.
ded army
PREPARE FOR BOREDOM
IT'S A TRAP!
Aragorn like a boss
Someone shoulda rolled Death Knight
SEEMS LEGIT
Giggle at the ghosties damnit
Hitchcock camera dolly zoom!
Whaaaaaaaat is this place!!
it's a trap
filled with so many wonders
they call this cave, Jabba's Ahole
:'( sad part
D:
Vivix : i played Warcraft 2 alot i loved that game
lol Sundaysmile
compared to her mom Shelob is actually pretty small and not scary
Dark_Horst / Vivix: Most of the stones stopped dead, with minimal sliding. That's not how it would react to a real life situation. I've studied enough physics to know that for a fact. :p
Orks cum in there!? D:
Maid_RainBow: Yeahh, it was my favourite warcraft- War3 was cool too, but War2 was just great
TheMaster: Who is Shelob's mom?
It's like I said. Trust a shriveled up creature that you've only met for a while rather than your best friend. Wow.:(
Shelob's mom is ungoliant. a cthulhu spider that ate light itself
pikoRing: shit
CriticKitten: then you should know that when heavy stones dig down from THAT trajectory, they would barely slide or roll at all
ewww
Vivix : yeah loved warcraft 2 more
the INTERNET
Gold_Demona Ungoliant is Shelob's mom.
this is gollums porn room
Ungoliant ate the tree of light which created the sun and the moon. She made Satan himself scared of being eaten.
Molestias cave of EVIL
CriticKitten: it's a fantasy movie not real life, does that explain why they dont bounce?
Vivix: That presumes the ground is soft enough for them to dig down firmly. :p
He is gonna get so much frostbite venom
INB4 Spider.
Is she in the Silmerillian or something? Cuz I don't remember an Ungoliant...
1,11Aragog is Shelob's mom. :P
Viewers with arachnophobia are allowed to close their eyes now
Due to the enviroment Frodo gains -25 hope -20 bravery -10 strength
CriticKitten: since it DID, it probably was
Wild Smeagle ran away!
:s dammit school...
remdog: I thought she was just one of those spiders from Mirkwood
alexxm: :D
Yes. Ungoliant was in the Sim
Dovah: No, "it's fantasy" does not excuse bad physics. :P
I thought Aragog was male?
I have arachnophobia, this should be fun
inb4 skyrim monster
Und now you realise Frodo, that you are a stupid asshole.
Obviously Tolkein was copying JRR Tolkein, what a hack
04And now you realize ~you were wroooooooooong~
er
1,11Dumblewhore: ThatsTheJoke.gif
a but too late.
CriticKitten: movie, NOT real life......
CriticKitten: just go outside and throw rocks, study movement and not math and you will see it looks correct
Rowling I meant
Meanwhile: Much too late to save himself too
wouldnt shelob be aragogs mom then
I dun geddit
Shelob gave birth to the mirkwood Spiders. Flootersh41
OUCH
Meanwhile: Not an asshole, just stupid.
1,11...Huh...I just realized this is the second movie series we've watched that includes a giant f**king spider
CriticKitten: physics be damned in a movie
dat gotta hurt
Dat luck
Dovah: Repeat: No, "it's fantasy" does not excuse bad physics. :P
I hate spiders-
owowowowowow
what don't you get dumblewhore?
Gimli: What was the first?
Are we still arguing about the balistic physics of a catapult?
04Poor Sam :(
Vivix: Shouldn't everyone?
BREAD!
Nomnomnom bread
Sam: SABOTAGE!
Fat Hobbit meets gravity. Who will win!
CriticKitten: except it wasn't bad phsyics
beeerrreeaaad.
BREAD MAKES HIM MAD
find bread -> squish it
I love bread
CriticKitten: its plausible.
I dont get people who get insects as pets :S
Sam gains Rage +25 Agility +20 Strength
11,01The spider part.
Like a centiped
MaxTheBrony: I hear ya on that-
:s
twilight_sprinkle: But very unlikely, is my point.
Don't bother doing anything to save your only food supply, Sam.
its scary
ERMAGERD SPERDER!
This is my greatest fear, in a nutshell
just seeing that he has bare feet makes me cringe
Hobbit failed his stealth check
Hello arachnophobia!
CriticKitten: its not That unlikely
elven macguffin activate!
think of all the shit he steps on
CriticKitten: It's not even very unlikely, just--go look at heavy objects falling and being trebuche'd
bad idea
Frodo uses Light of Elhendeil +15 Hope +100 Light
twilight_sprinkle: Trebuchets do not fling items in ONLY the vertical direction, otherwise they would only hit themselves. :p
pile of webs, lay in it
D:
uh oh
Well.... That doesn't really help much.
FUCK YOU SPIDER; I HAVE A LIGHTBULB
11,01I think the fanfic Spiderses was out by this time.
GUGH!
"Right behind you."
CriticKitten: err, no shit?
CriticKitten: Trebuchets fling in a downward direction
Well that helped
IT'S LIMBO ALL OVER AGAIN!
1,11OH FUCK!
spidey
11,01Last year.
:O
the light...it's not supereffective
THAT'S their brightest star?
god damn frostbite spiders
AJIsAwesome: I've started playing it recently
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: While much of the score to these films was a departure from Howard Shore's usual style, Peter Jackson told him that, to score the Shelob's Lair scene, he should "Go off and pretend you're making another movie for David Cronenberg. This should sound like The Fly!"
It's a bit shit
Vivix: Dude, I built one in high school physics. Projectiles flung from a trebuchet do not stop dead when they land.
Not very bright
This is nightmare fuel for me!
bets on when he drops it...
If they are heavy enough they usually do
she only wants a hug :(
5 secounds?
10?
lol
/me is starting to get wierded out
just hanging around
/me 11,01hugs cratorkid
lol Frodo is running through Stonefang Mines,ya get a muffin if ya know wut thats from lol since the boss is a spider
like a fly
This is my least favourite part-
And Smeagol is fuckin' cynical.
Frodo gets caught in web -100 Agility
sweet song smeagol
Vivix: Not usually, no. The projectile would need to be extremely heavy and the forward momentum would need to be very poor.
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: When Frodo is stuck in Shelob's web, as Gollum taunts him, Elijah Wood was actually suspended on a harness with bungee cords fastened around his wrists and ankles. On the commentary, he jokes that he was "not hanging up by sheer strength of the web".
will he get to gollum first
ragefrodo!
/me feels better because of Nittany_Discord
"Welcome to my parlor" said the spider to the hobbiy
ruuuuuuuuuN!
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Peter Jackson is arachnophobic and based the Shelob design on the types of spiders he feared the most.
or will the spider get him'turn up next week for more tales of spiders
Frodo uses Hobbit Rage +25 Strength
CriticKitten: which it would be in the direction it was shown in the movie, would it not? Downward fall rather than distance, soft earth, and massive chunks of wall?
Burn it with fire!
oh no, he forgot sting
Nooooo the sword!!
Abandon the sword. Good thinking dumbass.
frodo engages roid rage mode
How exactly does Gollum expect to recover the ring if Shelob eats Frodo?
shelob isn't going to eat the ring
cut her open?
GODDAMMIT FRODO, JUST KILL HIM!
Shelob is sentient and would want the ring, no?
klilililkllklllilikllillABHSHSHDAH
I got school tomorrow :( Time for me to hit the hay.. Good night bronies :)
I love how crazy Frodo looks-
Night MaxTheBrony :)
You really don't want to know Fl00tersh41
fuck man you gotta feel bad for gollum
Gnyyte MaxTheBrony
Goodnignt MaxTheBrony
Gnight MaxTheBrony
Vivix: Given that these are city-built trebuchets designed to fling stones like that for many hundreds of yards, they would not stop dead. Yes, they gain in the vertical direction because of the height advantage, but that still would not stop them dead. Look at how they landed, they clearly do not dig into the earth.
Night
well the ring gets to choose who it wants to corrupt. because its sort of alive.
bye MaxTheBrony
Later, Max!
poor little bastard is mentally torn
Kill him! Let your hate out, and your journey to the dark side of the force shall be complete!
gn8 Max
CriticKitten: dont forget that they were launched off a higher point than the orcss, so it had a lot of vertical acceleration
MaxTheBrony: Night! :)
Fl00tersh41: Spiders usually tuck their prey in web and save it for later
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Andy Serkis's last day of filming was only a few weeks before the theatrical release. On the carpet of the floor of Peter Jackson's house, they filmed the facial reaction of Smeagol/Gollum when he realizes Frodo intends to destroy the ring. The resulting video was e-mailed to Weta Digital so the animators could replicate the shot with the CGI character.
ragegollum
now gollum engaes roid rage mode
CriticKitten: just look at the footage, I don't see any indication that they should have rolled, it would have looked intensly bizarre movie physics if they did
By Max, I hope you sleep well you lovely little thing.
twilight_sprinkle: Velocity, you mean
THIS IS SPARTA!!!!
Visual quality trump reality
RRRRRRRRRRa
My... PRECIOUSS
CriticKitten: yeah.
ded
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: But she's sentient. The rings corruption would make her want it same as everyone else
"Well, that's the end of him--" "NO
well Gollum is a bit whacked in the head.
I get so many Wander vibes from Frodo for some reasons.
a bit'
Vivix: I did watch the footage. They land, don't dig in, but stop dead. That's not how they work, and I know because I made one myself.
suddenly paradise
Why is Frodo so shit
So maybe he would have been wrong and Shelob would have coveted the ring as well
Fl00tersh41: It still takes some time to get corrupted by ring
Is he an deaded?
well thats a weird way to teleport...
AND YOU FAILED!
Every time he is in trouble he drops all his useful stuff.
His sword
portals?
CriticKitten: It looks natural, and it seems correct from what I have seen from that size of stone falling
Yar. Whoops.
The light
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: Shelob is already an evil monster
LOL. Bad MrBen.
his balls
Dumblewhore: Because Samwise is the real hero of this story
CriticKitten: point is that it had much vertical speed so it dug in.
And Frodo's just the muppet with the evil necklace
Dumblewhore: The light wasn't very useful at all.
i thought the spiders name was kankra?
Frodo use Galadriel Memories +20 Determination
Cockblocked
why did frodo get the task of destroying the ring? hes a frickin butterfingers
Sam is best hobbit
The light stopped it from eating him at least
Remember also that when movies do these throw shit scenes they use physics engine to speed things up, rather than animate it
i still can't believe how much i hate the way they made rohan
Dumblewhore: I don't think he's going to encounter another monster so docile around a little sparkle.
CriticKitten: also because the orcs were under the walls, the launched it at a high angle, so again, mostly vertical speed
You'd think that everybody would know that [DATA EXPUNGED]
And no one notices that she's in that camp.
11,02Moo o.o
I would stay and watch pretty horses, but BRB
Fenr: why?
sandwhich
hai SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64: hiya
dat SuperBrony64
Fl00tersh41: So? She's evil by herself, not because the Ring's influence
Hello SuperBrony64 :)
twilight_sprinkle: They would dig into the ground a bit, certainly. But if you watch the footage again, they actually didn't dig in at all. That's most likely due to them being CGI, but all the same, it's still not how they'd really land.
he's a hobnob
Hello SuperBrony!
Moo SB.
well...mostly in t2t
/me glomps SuperBrony64
Hi SuperBrony64
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: Won't take much influence from the ring to make her it's slave
SuperBrony64: Ooh! Ooh! A cow makes that noise! Did I get it right!? What do I win?
/me /)(\ SuperBrony64
SuperBrony64: Hello!:)
supperborny pls
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: Just look at how quickly it got gollum originally
?
twilight_sprinkle: You're thinking of a catapult. Catapults launch at specific angles. Trebuchets....aren't really built to do that.
twilight_sprinkle: They're more of a flinger.
fireballs!
Grond. Grond.
Goodness gracious, great balls of fire.
Doggie!
dat giant ram
Playing MvM with a bunch of randos sucks =\
Grond!
Grok
It took that long to get it up there?
Smash bash!
I feel for yo Barbetos
no. grond
Ooh wee ohh wee ohh......
11,01Holy flaming doggie doo on a stick Batman!
I can't play any MVM, all the servers lag like shit
Nittany_Discord: :D
Why doesn't gandalf use magic to kill?
oh look,it's the pyro
Damn, this battle's gone on a long time, it's already night.
I'm back, baby
I'm waiting for my friend to host his own private one
wait,wrong universe once again
Fl00tersh41: I don't think it works that day. I think it depends on how strong one's mind or will is, not if someone's good or evil
just well groomed grass...
CriticKitten: well its plausible that it would dig in instead of rolling or sliding. if it clealry didnt dig in, then idk
Nittany_Discord now who you suppose put the poo on the stick?
*way
well he's mad
>no hope
>at the same time as hope
MLP_Brovakiin: magic doesnt work like that in lotr
I see what you did there
11,01Barbetos: They're trying to break down the door with it.
Wut
Oh
Vivix: Welcome back!:)
Denethor is broken
Thank you!
Wb Vivix
in Battle for Middle Earth 2 I love this fight, but Helms deep is more awesome.
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: Why do you assume the giant spider monster has a strong resiliance to mental domination?
Yup. Daddy's gone bye-bye.
Nittany_Discord I do not like the style of their knocking.
Thank you, too, Michael !
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: She''s basically a scavenger who hides in the dark
Necromancy?
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: Just like Gollum used to be
wow
Grond is Melkor's mace in the Simarillion
OH SHIT CREEPYFAIC!
No matter what comes through that gate
twilight_sprinkle: I don't deny they can dig in, certainly I'm just saying that the CGI wasn't really animated quite right, since there's no indication of them digging in....which means they should have rolled or bounced to lose the last of their horizontal momentum. I'm guessing they said "screw it" to that because then they'd have to make realistic-looking dig marks in the ground
you will stand your ground
Or not
trolololo
OH SHIT
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLO
MLP_Brovakiin: most of gandalfs magic is themed around blinding light and seems to be sun based (he's the wielder of the flame of arnor, arnor meaning sun)
:O
11,01Good luck.
Gandalf's just like "... fuck."
Welp screw that
1,11...ohai trolls
run away
Well.
Gandalf uses Volley!
that oh fuck face
Battle trolls, oh fuck
trolls, trolls everywhere
And then my stream hung. XD
MLP_Brovakiin: on sun... sutff
ze trolols
/me refreshes
The Trollestia army has breached the fortress
CriticKitten: True, and consider that this was not animated by hand, itwas crowd ai and physics engine, as far as I understood, additional animation might have been ignored
DEAUGH!
ladies and gentlemen...this is a qaccurate description of the internet
Dark_Horst: o ok
Fl00tersh41: She's not an usual Spider, she was born from some kind of superatural spider-mother, though it isn't mentioned in movie
Is the stream on? Mine is blank.
See
with the charging trolls and all that
NONONONONONONONO!
If he still had the star now
O.o I can't get the stream back at all now.
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The WETA special effects crew felt very challenged when creating Shelob by how effective the giant spider had been in Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
giant spiders everywhere this week
11,01MASF123: We're streaming a movie.
Ooh, the tower
He wuoldn't be in the shit
PLEASE GOD NO!
What?
/me does not want
sneaky
well crap
Oh my God wtf is wrong with this laptop
gotcha
spiderman,spiderman,does whatever a spiderman can
movies over
ouch
D:
11,01*stab*
ded
the end
Oh..
frodo's ded
ow
Ouch
11,01Movie over.
Ded
right in the jewels
Poke.
including stinging hobbits
MASF123: This? http://i.imgur.com/iHjBK.png
...Spiders don't sting. Wat?
ew
11,01He likes it.
Another successful procidure
0_0
Frodo dead movie over
GAME OVER YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ah he ded the end
Nittany_Discord: O_O
This is a weird spider, I can't remember where she comes from
What is it with Frodo and getting poisoned by things?
Fenr: Is spiderman is like a spider, why doesn't he shoot web from his ass?
SUPER SAM!
She has some kinky tastes
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: When Frodo is stabbed by Shelob's stinger, Elijah Wood was actually stabbed with a prop one. On the Extended DVD Commentary, he and Sean Astin comment that it was not only very, very painful, but had actually done damage to the point that Wood had to stay in the hospital for a couple of days. Astin (on the Commentary track) jokes that they used appendicitis as the
1,11excuse, but wonder if that event is what (ironically) caused Wood's actual episode of appendicitis later on (2003).
Sam uses the Loyal Friend buff +50 to all stats
You spin me right round baby
because he's a superspider
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The first shot of Sam's arm coming into frame holding Sting towards Shelob is actually Peter Jackson's arm
"Leave him alone you BITCH!"
04CAVALRY BITCH
go supersam!
Hehehehe, Oh Jackson
elven macguffin,still not that effective
Congratulations Sam, you're the new Ellen Ripley.
No...It's a white screen with the words, "Your system doesn't support this video file. Click here to get the plugin. :/"
So disgustinnng
You shouldn't stab your actors. That's not cool.
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: For the scene when Frodo gets pierced by Shelob, Elijah Wood had 2 Alka Seltzers hidden under his tongue which he chewed up to create white foam which he then leaked out of the corner of his mouth.
CRIT
Fuck you I'm a gardener, I've killed bigger bugs than you in cabbage patches.
?
Everyone who has odd troubles, try ctrl-f5, it should force your browser to discard your cache
MISS
lol Meanwhile
use the bananabread!
ok I'll try that.
Aim for the sigil!
this scene reuires some sexual joke
owned
Insectophiles, GO
Sam just leveled up
Vivix: No.
hehehe
Doesn't make Frodo any less dead.
Sam uses Light of Elhendeil.
[insert sexual joke here]. EH? EH? Funny huh?
sam is soo badass for u spider
elven macguffin,finally supereffective
ded
Will there be an intermission soon?
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Elijah Wood was wrapped in a latex-like material that represented Shelob's webbing. On the DVD, he jokes that it is like being encased in the world's largest condom.
He ded? :'(
damn he's paler than the moon in june
He's dead Ji-Sam
He must complete Frodo's quest!
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Elijah Wood is noted for his ability to stare fixedly in front of him for ages without blinking, which came in very useful for the scenes where the comatose Frodo was wrapped up in Shelob's web-like cocoon.
welp he is ded better take the ring
lol Barbetos
oh well, nothing left but to eat him
MegaMoonShine: Just wait.
11,01Gimli: Best protection. :p
:'(
HE BLINKED!
Quick Sam, you must give him a tender kiss upon the lips to awaken him from his slumber.
Full-body condom, just like in The Naked Gun
Kiss!
11,01Mica
Sam! Staring contest! Its the only way!!
his sword is enchanted!
ze orkz
orcs!
OH SHIT :O
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Sean Astin tested for the part of Samwise by playing the scene where he cradles the apparently dead Frodo after his encounter with Shelob.
Ohhh my
Orcs incoming
oh mai
Gimli: I'd say he did a good job.
13he clearly had experience after cradling one-eyed willie
Frodo is in Critical condition.
Samwise, so happy now
not dead YAy i left him there OH SHIT
oh my
oh my lol
fresh blood!
Oh mai
ahh, fresh meat
Oh my
The orcs don't question why there's a hobbit inside morders boarders?
orcs arn't the smartest
in the book they have orders to search for him
Fl00tersh41: well... orcs
I'll let you cradle MY one-eyed willie. If you know what I mean.
They diiid take him prisoner, at least
I can't imagine Mordors native hobbit population is very big after all
not sure if it's stated in the film
Fl00tersh41 Orcs: they are not known for how smart they are.
snoring
BAD TOUCH
pikoRing: Oh dear. XD
Besides, they might not seen any Hobbits before
13deleted scenes obviously
(insert random Willie joke)
They might think he a child
Barbetos: But they're boarder guards
That refresh didn't do crap.
He's only mostly dead!
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: To get the idea of perspective in the scene where Denethor drags and throws out Pippin from the burial chamber, Billy Boyd's double was dragged and rolled out. When the double hit him in the back, he popped up.
Listen to him, you fool:[
It's their job to look out for anyone trying to sneak in
Its bullshit, hes nat ded, he is naht!
Noooooooo
^
He no ded!
1,11He feels happy1
1,11!*
not like gandalf has something else to do
No intermission today?
Gimli: Giygas?
04...my face when I missed one of the best damn scenes in this movie
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: we are like half way through
Oh god, it's always "fall back, our city has too many damn levels!"
04-_(\
1,11Gandalf_the_white: Which scene?
04Gandalf talking about the white shores
04...or is that coming up?
lol this SCREAMS Demon's Souls :D
fight for your lifes!
You didn't miss it.
Gimli, did you know Canterlot was designed after Minas Tirith?
04Oh, awesome
1,11He hasn't spoken of them yet.
Cleared cache refreshed and I still am having this problem.
Gandalf_the_Brony: Know that feel, bro. I've missed almost the entire beginning:|
oh shi
come!
oh hi deleted scene
Super horse! Attack!
Best scene is "You are soliders of Rohan, whatever comes through that gate, you will stand your ground"
here comes one of the silliest moments
"Oh shit..."
Frostmourne hungers...
dari: Gondor
dat sword
1,11Remdog: No, I didn't know, but now that I do, it's pretty obvious.
Same thing
He WAS dead, ASSHOLE!
Tell me, Gandalf, do you fear death?
Witch King is best king!
1,11NOT THE STAFF!
Where was Gondor when Rohan was Gondor?
Woah!
dat face
Wait, that ain't Frostmourne
Seems a bit weird. Gandalf should be way strongesr then the stupid Witch King
Impostor!
Run horse!
lol he scared
Save Faramir!
horn of hope!!!!
Quick Obi-Wan, defeat Lord Vader!
11,02Dat Faramir ping
Rohan has entered the battlefield.
04Bam
Gothmog ftw
TheMaster: He's probably tired from fighting all day and night
the epic part of the fight is starting like...now
Where was Meanwhile when I wasn't pinged needlessly
oh hai guys
The bronies have arrived
TheMaster: Yeah, probably only moment Gandalf looks actually scared
11,02Hai Sundaysmile :)
bronies entered the battlefield
oh hai Sundaysmile :)
hai Sundaysmile
Sundaysmile: Hi!:)
04Now watch carefully
"You're LATE, calvary! AS ALWAYS!!"
INB4 rousing battle speach
where was rohan when gondor needed help...oh wait,right there
And they brought their ponies
lol was commenting on the movie... been here for an hour now
/me /)(\ SuperBrony64
inb4 awesome speech
You about to get cavalried.
Hello Sundaysmile! I loves you!
11,01It's a Sundaysmile on a Sunday.
Epic speech approaching.
inb4 most epic part
i allways gets goosebumbs on this scene
/me forms ranks
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Theoden touching his soldiers spears before they charge into battle was Bernard Hill's idea.
TACTICAL SPEECH INCOMING!!!
Speech! SPeech!
Gimli: giggity
IT'S ROUSING!!!
Theoden uses Tatical Speech +75 to all stats for Rohan Troops
I think the white horse is the same white horse
So many sexual references I could make.
"It is a good day to die!"
LET'S DO THIS!!!
or that they only had two white horses- one gray maned and one white
Shields shall be shplintered?
hell of alota horses
hobbit meatshield
protection from spears +1
fight for Equestria!
Whack them with the hobbit!
wat a perv
/me /)(\ Boltasar
DEATH!
DEATH!!!
DEATH:{
DEATH!
YEAAAAAAAAH~
DEATH:[
DEEEEEAAAAAAF!
GET ON WITH ITTTT
DEAAAAAAATH!!
DEAAAAATH!
DEATH! :[
If you all want to die
deal with it
Go and ride off a cliff or some shit
hehe
FRIENDSHIIIP!
*cues the tropper*
C'MON YOU APES! YOU WANNA LIVE FOREVER??
Leave the horses ou of it!
CCCCCCCCCCCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :[
Cue a thorough stomping.
Rohan Army uses Huge Charge +25 attack and defence for all Calvalry troops
sumi
FOR FRENCH CHIPS!
DAT FUCKING EPIC MUSIC
Wasn't most of Rohans male population killed at Helms deep only a few days ago?
FOR LUNA
Someone has to do a full battle like this with no CGI
:P
WOOOAAAH!
for Equestria!
20,000 extras
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The Battle of Pelennor Fields was filmed on a large field heavily populated with rabbits. The place had to be carefully inspected for rabbit holes, which were all filled in due to the danger they would pose if a horse were to step into one, which could cause a major pile-up, with injuries to both horses and riders.
so many vikings
Dumblewhore you remind me of that old game called lemings or something like it
only a part of rohan army was at helm's deep
So that's how the pings work
not the horses!
Just Edoras, Fl00tersh41
actually,most of it wasnt there
Nooo!
poor william
Gimli: Not to mention the rabbits.
nooo dont fire at Will!
Gimli: Rabbits, the conquerers of armies.
Fucking orcs!
Ouch
Being on the receiving end of that would hurt.
Howard Shore, you magnificent bastard
Scary charge -100 bravery for all orc troops
the orcs have a oh shit face
andn now he realises that you cant stopp a wall of horses with a few opuny arrows
The rabbits are taking cover underground right now
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The scene of the Rohirrim charging the Pelennor had to be filmed 52 times before the crew were satisfied with the take. During this process, about 60 of the 280 horses participating had to drop out for various reasons.
rohan is god like
my little warhorse
remdog: Then why didn't theoden summon that army to defend edoras?
full speed horse charge. Painful
Or helms deep?
And this is why cavalry charges tend to shred the shit out of foot soldiers
epicness
Brownclown: More like deadly
oh no !!!
Poor horses. :
Can you imagine how easy it would be for any of those horsemen who are NOT in the front lines of the charge?
crazy
i missed the charge :(
that white orc, I had teacher in school who looked like him
WATAH!
11,01Mica
fl00tersh41 he did, but they couldnt get there in time.
/me with loony Larry...
Aren't horses incapable or unwilling of charging anyone? Rather jumping over or going around?
Is he being candied?
oh mai
And back to Denethor's breakdown...
Oh mai
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The "oil" that Denethor pours over himself and Faramir was a combination of water and glycerin, to achieve an appropriate glistening effect. Because this soaked the wigs and costumes, this scene had to be filmed in a single take.
He really loves to lube up before... well you know.
Hence why box formation was used against cavalry?
1,11That Oh My
cover ourselves in flamable liquid before playing with fire, good idea there sherlock
Nope, that's oil sorry
because edoras isn't as easy to defend as helm's deep...and he tought a huge part of the army to be lost
gandalf to the rescue
Dat gasoline
stop with that, only do the takei soundbits for bad movies
He utterly mad
while it wasnt
he lives
Kencolt: really? Cool-
http://fav.me/d5bs7qd
Bonk from Gandalf again
I've had stampeding horse running towards me, terrifying- even if I knew she wouldn't hit me
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: In the scene when Denethor attempts to burn Faramir on the pyre, the pyre could not truly be on fire because Gandalf's horse would not go near it. To solve this, the crew reflected a real fire onto a pane of glass in front of the camera so that it looks as though the pyre is burning.
11,01Sumi
Gandalf 4 Denethor 0
omg is undertaker
Pippin to the rescue!
fatality
Vivis: Correct. The idea of cavalry charging into solid groups of soldiers is all fiction. Real cavalry charges would either end in the enemy breaking and running at the sight of it, or the cavalry breaking rank and going around the rear and flanks of the enemy.
kill it with fire
zooooom
YAY
Ded
11,01Sumi
ded
Ded
Bouncing Baby Boneheads Burning Brightly
if only star wars ended like this
hothothot
denethor just discovered that fire...burns
too late...
And that's how he became Darth Vader.
Burn baby buuuuurn!
toasty!
stop
Toasty.
incoming!
drop
Dont forget the parachute!
Kothen: Ah, thanks for the clear up! Cavalry has always been interesting to read about
whoo
Leap of faith1
Epic death scene.
roll
And Faramir was denied reconciliation with his father in the end
stop with the sounds man. this is a good movie
Free falling
he's Hawt stuff
Fl00tersh41: IKR
Vivix: No problem. :)
/me on the ground an orc was hit by a flaming body...
dat over-the-top death :P
was that supposed to be funny
Is that a comet?
AJIsAwesome: That's just Faramirs lot in life
Nope!
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Director of photography Andrew Lesnie caught most of his shots during the intense battle on the Pelennor Fields by putting on polo armor and wading into the thick of the action.
TheMaster: we controll sounds, by saying Mica and..Sumi I think
HO SHET
well shit
Oliphants!
Oh bugger.
shit just got real
Its elephant time!
tsk tsk Meanwhile using your nickname for jokes
woah!
one of the only partsi remember
Mumakil ohnoes.
:O
Oliphants have entered the battlefield
here comes the oliphants!
War elephants....
Boltasar: Been doing that since I got here.
Dem some big elephants
inb4 most epic scene
Oliphants
04Great, now here comes the enemy's cavalry
Well, shit
Oliphants!
*Austin Powers* What a BURN?haha That sort of thing could get a man FIRED? ahaha I think he was HOT for you? hahah ok im done
Oliphants are best pachiderms!
This part was so weird in the book
Olifantene!
Reform the line?!
wall of horses vs wall of elephants
Why don't you flank them you loony?!
inb4 still on;y counts as one
any you thought cavalry was bad...
how the fuck does someone domesticate those?
i think i can see why it's not a bright plan
So at the battle of Gondor there was one guy doing this: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3c/Polo_players.jpg/220px-Polo_players.jpg
This time it really is "DEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH"
Theoden uses Reform the Line +10 to all stats for 1 minute
Poor horses ;__;
If you split and went in from the side you'd garotte their advantage
the proble m olifantene is, they will not listen when set on fire or are too damaged
Did I hear a Horse Wilhelm?
dats one linesmasher
The fire nation is attacking!
and how are they suppose to fight these things?
problem with*
use the A-Wings!
get the sbow speeders!
Meanwhile: They should have formed a pincer here, to encase them. They are few in number and they could have shredded them from the sides
They need the Hawk men from Flash Gordon.
snow*
Gotta love that elephant rider
dat guy... KALIMA!
He really loves his job
Sala Baker woo hoo!
Use harpoons and tow cables and aim for the legs!
We need about a thousand mice!
"Everybody, use your harpoons and tow cables! Go for the legs! It might be our only chance of stopping them!"
eomer is like a boss!
The arrows, they do nothing!
Eomer uses Epic Spear Throw it is super effective!
i used to be an oliphant rider like you,then i took a lance to the chest
badass spear
Just get 200 some giant rats, and those elephants will be no problem.
LIKE A BAWS
DAMN
ded
M-M-M-M-MONSTER KILL
^
fail
Dumblewhore: Literally
Oh.
04I like how when the enemy's cavalry arrives no music plays
that reminds me
Two for one :P
The best part is about to come up.
Back from lunch, i can predict RETURN OF THE KING IS ON........but my stream ISN'T WORKING AGAIN
Gandalf_the_Brony: you were saying? :P
Leg chop!
to their heads!
Dark92Enigma: You guess right.
So i'll refresh
Double Wield level 100
Nothing like having an oliphant sit on you. =/
11,01Gandalf_the_White: Too mainstream?
Besides maybe being hit by a comet Gold_Demona.
Damn
merry,showing that training can make even hobbits usefull
Go hobbit
orcs must die!
Meanwhile: Maybe
Every battle for Mary is just like Kratos fighting a huge monster.
Die, Orc leader!
With quick time events and everything
How is the hobbit with all of 5 sword lessons in his life killing orcs who have spend their entire lives fighting?
knock
merry used i-fucking-had-it-with-you. +85 to attack
What they need is some tar traps
Hobb it? I just met it!
kock
knoc knock joke inc\
1,11Here's the White Shores speech.
Love this scene.
MY STREAM ISN'T WORKING.........need to wait for an hour, and see if it works
or was that pippin?
Jersey shores speech?
NOT
1,11*slaps Twilight_Sprinkle* NO!
04One that we all must take
:|
Dark92Enigma: even the ctr-f5 trick?
04And then you see it...
ow
Cliffs of Dover?
04White shores, and the beyond...
Vivix: what's the trick?
Sovngaarde?
He lied
ctrl-f5? It works to me when I get bizarre stream fails-
04One of the very best damn scenes ever
Ponies, of course.
or if images only load half and f5 wont load more
04Absolutely spiritual
oh noes
1,11The Witch-King
Nazgul out of nowhere!
Teach me how to do it, please!
04Love the motif from "Into the West" that plays during Gandalf's speech to
ZUUL MOTHAFUCKA
04*too
do they have razor wire wrapped across those trunks?
Teach me Vivix
He is SOO lucky
its eating him...and then its going to me,OH MY GOOOOD!!
Maybe not..
He could have just said "eat him."
XD
Dark92Enigma: you just press somewhere, like under the stream to select the page- and ctrl+f5
like a baws
THE DRAGONBORN!
head,meet sword
Time for baws
No head for you
well that was easy
1,11OFF WITH YOUR HEAD!
DOVAHKIIN!
Sharp blade
11,01-head
Fuck your Nazgul
Nice arm.
Critical hit!
DAMN SON
Hey now, don't lose your head
well that was ewasy
BOSS FIGHT
Suddenly Alice in Wonderland.
Fus ro da
that SOUND
Eowyn vs the Witch King
dat Morningstar...
guess its head was made of butter and no bones
or flail
1,11random movie trivia: The Witch-King's mace was constantly redesigned. Peter Jackson said the original mace was OK but he wanted it bigger. Weta workshop enlarged it, butPeter Jackson wanted it bigger, so they made it bigger. In the end, it was so large and heavy, it had lost practical use for the fight scenes, in which it was replaced by a digital version.
Damn right you piss your pants.
Hey look its Mace Windu
wow
Eowyn vs Witch King! FIGHT!
That mace is....uh
It needed to be about 20% bigger
Horse D=
That mace would be lethal in one blow
That thing could take an Oliphant in one hit.
1,11dERPYmUFFINS: LAWL
Dead army time?
It would have looked better smaller, Jack
Yes!
army of 3
Gimli: Caps lock? Really?
Oh look!
It's the return of the king
rwar!
DO HO HO
DerpyMuffins: :D
04Here comes the cavalry's cavalry, boys!
i'm home,and it's time to kick some ass
they had backup for the backup! brilliant!
epic ownage
11,01They have the undead army. Men win.
Use Suplex!
Surprise Mothafucka!
Aragon the Jack Sparrow of Middle Earth lol
04Yeahhhhhh, you ain't gonna kill the undead army
"You're late, Calvary! As usual!!"
The Army of the Dead has entered the battle!
So the undead army is the Smooze?
1,11PIKOrING: yES rEALLY
Can the dead army be harmed? I don't remember
11,01It's really a ghost army.
the undead army can't be touched
I am no man!
http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/232/637/2b1.jpg
Swarm these parasites! :[
trololololo
stabbity stab
loophole time
How specific
D:
Hobbit to the leg.
"I AM NO MAN!"
MAN UP... oh wait
kiss!
No man, but a hobbit and a woman
No man can kill her? She's a woman.
I am no man! :[
PWNED!
aw
troll eowyn
hi twilight_sprinkle
Eowyn uses I Am No Man! +9001 Suprise to Witch King
gIMLI: oKAY... :I
Poke.
BOOM HEADSHOT
/me nomz CCCP
I thought in the book the real reason they could kill him was some elven sword or something
he imploded
1,11RMT: In the book, Eowyn rides into battle with the Rohirrim, taking Merry with her, but without revealing her identity to them or the audience. Instead, she is disguised as a character who calls himself "Dernhelm," and only reveals herself in the battle when she takes off her helmet to show the Witch-King that she is a woman. In the film, Merry and the audience are always aware that
1,11it is Eowyn. The filmmakers made this change because they felt that, in a visual medium, it would be difficult to conceal her identity, and because not recognizing her would make Merry look like "the stupidest Hobbit on Earth."
how sad
Not because they weren't men?
She opened up a black hole on the battle field
/me hugs twilight_sprinkle
My face! My beautiful face!
He's melting!
11,01Only men with vaginas and ovaries can kill him.
His head imploded
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Lawrence Makoare plays both the Witch King and the orc Gothmog. At one point the two characters exchange dialogue, and later Eowyn fights both (she injures Gothmog, who is then killed trying to attack her, and she kills the Witch King).
11,01:p
wow
how are you CCCP ?
twilight_sprinkle alright
Hey guys
Kill stealing bitch!
hai ufb
Hey ufb :)
CCCP: good, you commie :P
disarmed
owned
inb4 legolas fav scene
1,11Team Kill!
:3
Yes!
best part!!
Double Axe wieldind lvl 100
time to surf the elephant
shadow of the collosus mode
Nittany_Discord: So she would be a hermaphrodite?
Time for Legolas bawsness
*wielding
How is everyone
shadow of the collosus?
11,01AJIsAwesome: Maybe.
wilhelm again
1,11Wilhelm
Just throw a thermal detonator up it's rectum!
more wilhelm
WILHELM
wilhelm
twi wilhelms in one movie?
Great, chrysalis :)
hai chrysalis
dat star wars scream
Wilhelm dies yet again
Vivix It is not working........and i'm pressing CTRL+F5 and it's not working
Okay. Elves are awesome. Legolas is awesome. But tyhis gets just SILLY.
Gold_Demona: Wilhem scream.
WHIHELM!
chrysalis: we are nice, how you :)
Damnit whilhelm
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Orlando Bloom's big heroic scene atop the Oliphant was shot in just one day. Bloom was filmed on top of a pile of sandbags.
inb4 best line of the movie
Gold_Demona: *Wilhelm.
^
DAMN IT ALL! I MISSED A WILHELM SCREAM
Nittany_Discord: Just kidding.:$
Dark92BETRAYED: Aww..it's the only trick I know-
BOEM HEAD SHOT!!
"That still only counts as one!!"
only 1
"It still counrts as ONE!"
lol
xD
its armor is down, shoot it!
trololol
A beast that size wouldn't even feel that small an arrow
Dat trunk surf
he jelly
1,11...THAT'S TILL ONLY COUNTS AS ONE!
Still only counts as 1! :[
U jelly, Gimli?
Fl00tersh41: Magical elven arrow
Vivix are you sure? Tell me how it works again
Best line ever
1,11That still*
1,11bleh.
lol
:D
Undead army is OP
11,01Go ghost army!
Dat dead army in the background
Gimli is best dwarf :3
Undead Rush! Kekekekeke
elephant in the background has surprise buttsex wit the ghost army
Dark92BETRAYED: that's the whole trick, CTRL+F5 should purge your cache, it works to me if something is stuck- like image or stream
Gimli is ONLY dwarf.
Dark92BETRAYED: Maybe try using a different browser?
Oh sure monsters, try giggling at THESE ghosties!
Undead rush vs zerg rush
Dis parallel line
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The first Orc that Aragorn is seen killing on the Pelennor fields is played by Viggo Mortensen's son Henry Mortensen.
Kothen Vivix ok, i'll try again
Kandarihu lol good thing they dont have Pinkie on their side
Good luck!
04Yeah, I think Ghosties is a distant cousin to those dead warriors.
^
;_;
Gandalf_the_White: >_> <_< >_>
Gandalf_the_White, you are Ghosties
What, the dead warriors who were scandalds, thieves, and bandits?
:(
:P
04Nuh uh
But you were best king! D:
:'(
so sad :(
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Viggo Mortensen estimates that, during the course of filming the entire trilogy and including all takes, he "killed" every stuntman on the production at least fifty times.
:'(
:(
God, I love these movies.
He ded :'(
Gandalf_the_Brony: Then what did he do to end up in the undead army of scandalds, thieves, and bandits? :3
^
:'(
>_>
Hahahahahahaha
DONT DIE :'(
Every stuntman hated his ass
:'(
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The dead oliphant carcass used in this film is reportedly the largest prop ever built for a motion picture. According to members of the prop department, director Peter Jackson still thought it could have been bigger.
like I said 3 hours ago Dumblewhore
Dumblewhore: you pointed towards a crying emoticon, teh irony
Wiat...
04Peter Jackson's answer: "Make it bigger"
We still need them!!
peace and <3
Well I just had a blackout....
+1 Paragon
04+20 Light Side points
Quest complete
And then they came... to the other side
Wen the disapear the other army of 10,000 orcs ride in behind thme
twilight_sprinkle: he tried to pont to my link
*cues victory fanfare*
Rohan: i know.
11,01+50 flush
Random NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
NOOOOOOOOOO!
Its gonna take HOURS to clean that up :P
That was sudden.
noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
._.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO-
dat face
dat no.
wow
-OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
04LOL
wait, the bitch died?
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
11,01Who died?
Dat sudden chorus
What happened?
King
WHAT?!
Well, that's definitely the face of distraught.
Wiat, when did she die?
she'll walk it off
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Lawrence Makoare, when wearing the Gothmog makeup, was called "Pimplehead" by extras who didn't know his name.
-OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Oh she died???
...is it bad I found that NOOOOOO hilarious as hell?
suddenly death
http://nooooooooooooooo.com/
/me laughs hard
WHAT?
WAit wat???
How did she die?!
Gandalf don't care about your human emotions.
SHE DIED????
HOW?!
When did she die?
Eowyn is dead... but... HOW?
REWIND THAT
04Eowyn died?
Seppuku on the field, perhaps?
Wut
Uh, she died?
She died?
HHHHHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWW?!?!?!?!?!
dat song
Nittany_Discord: His son I bellive, but the movie doesn't really explain
how she die?
04...what?
WHen the fuck did she die??
1,11...yeah, how did that happen?
she's just suddenly dead
what the fuck
she's not
can we rewind?
Battle aids?
Euwyn is dead. But how? METEORS DID IT
04Unless they're healing her
oh
I am so confuse
I can't remember how she died in the book
OH]
The fuck?
killing the WItch King of Arangor come with a heafty price
TROLLED
She's not dead.
The poison from the witch kings blade
goddammit
She ded? :'(
04Yeah, they're probably healing her
Oh right!
1,11nope. Not dead.
No really, when and how.
OOHH shes good
Even the extended version left out her death
Troll Eowyn.
o.O
Feaver and smashed arm
oh
Okay healing montage
Oh, so she's not dead
=_=
04"Samwise you fool"
Rohan: angmar
SHE'S ALIVE PEOPLE
she god
Is it because of the mace?
=_=
Zawan: danke
god
Troll
good
=_=
Huttah. Schala Lives.
She had her arm crunched by the Witch Kings mace and when she stabbed him in the mush she got feedback from the twilight realm that the wraiths exist in.
I mean, Eowyn
04Welp, time for her song
no..the mace just broke her shield arm
04FUCK YEAH, FARAMIR
04Best male warrior ever
Merry is off smoking some more weed for sure
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: For the Special Extended Edition, the scene in which Pippin is looking for Merry after the battle on Pelennor Fields was digitally altered so that it appears to be night instead of day. According to Peter Jackson on the commentary track, this was done to make it appear that Pippin has been looking for hours instead of minutes, underlining the friendship between
1,11the two Hobbits. In the original edit, because it appears that Pippin has only been looking for a few minutes his reaction to finding Merry seems like he's overreacting.
it's the death aftershock that hit her more
11,02Dem Faramir pings >>
this is my first time seeing any of these movies
Bros reunite!
and then they made out
11,02Moo ^-^
aww
Isn't modern movie possibilities amazing?
supperborny pls
Faramir: Hi :3
Merry has returned to take them out to sea one last time.
Faramir: ...
/me 11,01hugs Faramir
Faramir PING PING
Vivix: Aren't? :P
Suddenly naked
So what has Frodo been up too you ask?
I love how they went through all the trouble of making that giant mumakil body prop, and then only have it in the movie for like 30 seconds. Brilliant effort put into the movie at all times.
rise up mister frodo,rise up...and smell the ashes
Meanwhile in a different lcation :P
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Miranda Otto had to undergo numerous fittings to finally settle on a helmet that disguised her face yet revealed enough of it so that the audience would know who she was.
Lets just say he won't be going back to THAT club ever again.
Dumblewhore: as in- they are- eh is that english correct?
ooh shiny
orc brawl for mithril...
MINE!
inb4 funny line
They see me rollin'
Frodo don't worry, there is just some sexy time going on.
04FOOD FIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIGHT!
Lawl
1,11Dropkick. XD
That orc is badass.
Dat kick
CIVIL WAR!!!
everybody, fight for no reason!!
Damn son!
FIGHT!!
Orcs are so angry
11,01Temper, temper.
04Dat dropkick
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
1,11Why do we need to fight them? They kill each other quite well.
FOODFIGHT
/me hugs Nittany_Discord back ^-^
Michael: Sometimes that's all it takes for them, lol
lol
God old goblin orc beat down
Is this... Is this a scene from bronystate chat after it has been announced that MLP FiM is canceled?
Crush!
OW
11,02Dumblewhore: :<
Why isn't the sword glowing?
Lol all this for a shiny shirt
wait a min this isnt star wars
1,11Barbetos: It is the future. XD
I thought he picked up Frodo's sword?
chat lag?
04@Barbetos +50 awesome
ah fixed now
Sundaysmile: It's hardly a civil war, theyre just being orcs is all
true Gold_Lemona
11,02Dumblewhore: Cause he hasn't pulled it from the stone yet.
damn
Dumblewhore: it has an off switch >_> <_< >_> <_<
well it's hardly civil :P
wheres luke and darth vader?
11,01Dumblewhore: Stuff.
LMAO
I am right here
If they're all dead- oh tehre it goes
No, Sam has it
sam is mad!
04I think you got some hole in your plot...
Dual wield lvl 50
good night everypony
COME AT ME BRO
Scary.
it's glowing
sup darth long time no see
It wasn't before
11,01Glowing now.
a whole out post just killed itself :P
Gnight Maid_RainBow
For Grandpa!
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: At 35 letters "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King" has the longest title of any Best Picture Oscar winner in history. It surpasses the record previously held byAround the World in Eighty Days which has 26. It also set the record for the number of words in a Best Picture title, with 10.
FOR THE GAFFER! :[
1,11AND THAT'S FOR MY OLD GAFFER!
11,01Night Maid_RainBow
This is for Equestria1
Samwise, need I say more?
04Was that out of context, Gimli?
i cut my nose shaving and i could taste the blood
his war cry should be "BUTTER!"
Maid_RainBow: Good night!:)
Sam should've just gone by himself, he'd have finished and been back in the Shire by now.
In the book Frodo was naked
oopsie
suddenly frodos hair is back to normal without any spider web
Oh are you now?
Samwise is best Hobbit
Right behind you..
1,11owned.
oh sam...
Run through with blue
Sam is actually a spy!
Spywise Gamgee
He used back stab
I think I am in the wrong universe atm
Sam is the red spy
so am i]
Sam <3
i should be in candy land
Element of share the load.
take your fix of ring frodo...TAKE ITTTTTTTTTTT
fight!
dat moment
04And we see Sam stutter a bit
You know, it's amazing that Sam is resisting its influence far better than Frodo did
the closer to mordor, the angrier the ring, is that so?
I love how it's the same music from when Smeagol and Deagol fought over the ring.
are they going to make out soon?
04Well, not really Critic
actually,far worse
Frodo: ooohhhh yyeeaaaaahhhh....
remember,frodo had it wor months at this point
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The movie made a 1408% profit for New Line Studios on their initial outlay.
yeah, and it effects the wearer, and whoever has oppertunity to take it or touch it-
I AM HUNGRY
04Sam didn't pay much attention to the ring because he was going after Frodo so all of his thoughts were on something else
Fenr: All the more reason for him to carry it for a bit. >_>
ones does not simply walk naked into mordor
ORC UP!
04But as soon as he found him and pulled out the ring, that's when he got his attention
actually,sharing would be the smart thing
Aren't you a little short to be an orc?
Those helmets
if not for the fact that it'd make both of them axe crazy
Goblin
Big Bruva is watching you!
Can we watch the Robot Chicken sketch about the Surreal Life doing this after the movie?
04Avian soldiers reporting for duty!
EAGLECLAW
lol was just thinking that Kandarihu
CriticKitten: Sam had difficulty letting go of the ring after carrying it for only a few minutes
the silver hawks
Looks like the Skeksis. Mmmmmmmmmmm.
^
MmmmmMMMMMMMmmmmmmmm
1,11*slaps Meanwhile* No.
Just what I was thinking
And now I have my roast in the oven... Oh, I'm making a roast. I like making a roast because I can eat for three days for a fairly smallish amount.
CriticKitten: That's why Frodo's the ring bearer
one does not simply walk into mordor!....well boromir u where wrong... 2 hobbits disguised as orcs simply walked into mordor!
1,11*slaps MegaMoonShine* No!
Sundaysmile, I was thinking about it since Friday.
Fl00tersh41: Er no, he stuttered a little, just like everyone else who so much as looked at it.
he suffered a defeat...but you know,that was the vanguard of the vanguard
dat is a lot of orcs
mmMMM--*gets slapped by Gimli*
Ow!
1,11inb4 another great Gimli line.
CriticKitten: Excatly, he was falling under it's influence, just like everyone else
SUICIDAL CHARGE
lol
THE BEST PLAN
Fl00tersh41: So is Frodo! >_>
Bai everypony :'(
bye CCCP
Diversion!
Bai CCCP :)
CCCP: Bye!:'(
Bye CCCP!
Bye CCCP
CriticKitten: Frodo's been carrying it for more than a few minutes
troll gimli
Bye CCCP
Let's go make a lot of noise at Sauron
exactly, Gimli
bye :D
Later, CCCP
1,11Certainty of Death. Small Chance of Success. What are we waiting for?
Aye, Gimli
later cccp
Fl00tersh41: Samwise has the better shot of resisting at present because he hasn't been carrying it for that long.
And make funny faces at him
/me hugs Michael MegaMoonShine AJIsAwesome Vivix Pikachu Barbetos MrBen and Ryunosuke
Pimp him out as king
Gimlie for season 3.
And taunt him a second time
This film kind of reminds me of the last episode of Angel
dat palantir
hello mr sauron...fuck you,signed,the king of gondor
"You take the 1000 on the left"
"I'll take the 1000 on the right"
o.o
ohai sauron
In the novel, Sam was tempted to keep the ring-- to become the worlds greatest gardner. IN fact, a Gardner of the World, making all green and fair. He got better.
"OH, I CALL THE DRAGON!"
Parlay?
Ballsy
Dumblewhore: And I'll take the one in the middle.
You know, Gimli's line makes no sense to me.
CriticKitten: Sam was heavily affected by it in a matter of minutes, frodo only after months, and they still have a long way to go
oh noes
dat face
plan backfired
OH SHI-
dat moment
<:O noo
CriticKitten: Sam wouldn't last long enough to make it to the vulcano
:O
Nuuuuuuuuuu
also howdy im baack
bonjour
Allo RAWRity.
Thunder-Crescent: Welcome back!:)
Faramir, yay!
what happened there? i havent seen the previous movies so dik
Oh my!
*idk
Wb Thunder-Crescent
04Fuck yeah, more Faramir scenes
So, long couple of days. Just moved all of my possessions to a new town.
i just punched the main hencman of the main evil in the face
Fl00tersh41: Uh, you can't argue both sides. He's been carrying it for months, ergo he's actually the worse person to carry it right now.
now,kiss me
yay for Faramir
1,11The merging of Rohand and Gondor.
Gimli: :D
romantic beards always work
back to the silverhawks
CriticKitten: Point is, frodo isn't fully under it's control
LOL
11,01RAWRity: College?
oh shit
CriticKitten: Sam would be in a matter of hours
Fl00tersh41: He's a hell of a lot closer than Sam.
04Yeah...Faramir is my favorite human warrior in the series
Gimli: I'm ok with this.jpg
Nittany_Discord: new house
1,11Beijing Chicken...how did they come up with that name?
11,01K.
Fl00tersh41: You can't prove that or even know for sure. >_>
Act casual.
good evening everyone
11,01Moving is always a pain.
k
seems legit
Gandalf_the_White: What, no love for Dumblewhore? >:
RAWRity: How was the move?
"Where's a whip, there's a way!"
I'D STAB HIM IF HE WIPPED ME
hai Alchemist
AJIsAwesome: agonizing, but thankfully ratehr quick
CriticKitten: the book has some say on that, can't remember, but bilbo has something to do with how--resilient Frodo is oor soomeething..
CriticKitten: Neither can you proove that Sam could resist it, it's pure conjecture
1,11Camoflage successful
04You're not a warrior, Dumblewhore. You're the crazy half brother of Dumbledore
RAWRity: OK.
Hiding in plain sight.. What hobbits do best.
the orc is a spy!
Fl00tersh41: The proof is right there in the movie, dope. :p
11,01And the Aragorn and friends accidentally kill Frodo and Sam. The end.
And i am the half crazy half brother of Gandalf the White
now I'm hanging out in my new room, deciding where to put my pony stuff.
11,01Dumbleass is better.
CriticKitten: Yes, it's showing how much faster than Frodo, sam is falling under it's influence
Vivix: See, that would make more sense. But it's not made clear in the film.
04Is it just me or is Aragorn's hair much longer now
he has nice nose rings
:P im eating hot fresly made chocolate muffins
Nittany_Discord: what about Dumbletoilet?
I think Rivendel had some on it? I wasn't here that day
ouch...
Gandalf_the_Brony: Lauriel, because he's worth it.
11,01twilight_sprinkle: Nah.
1,11Fl00ters41: Sam had trouble giving Frodo the Ring after having it for less than a day. He wouldn't have been able carry the load.
11,01But Baltoilet is awesome.
aw
MOOO!
Element of share the load.
Bull? lol
Funny how we never see an enemy commander commence an inspection of his own troops unless the good guys are blending in with them.
Fight, Fight!
Gimli: That's what I'm saying
Gimli: Sam should have done some fucking pullups before this trip then.
all your guts are belong to me
XD
11,01Take a load, Sam.
Drop your load, Sam
Orc guts. Anyone? Anyone?
lol thats how orks work someone starts a fight = entertainment
wheres my lotion when i need it
you know, it's interesting to see what they left out for the theatrical cut.
lol those orcs are in line for the SDCC Derpy figure :D
Hey guys
Barbetos: I'll take some!
Hey XylemTube :)
XylemTube: Hi!:)
ah,the merry land of mordor
Orc Opera = WWE
what does frodo want there anyway?
I always loved this scene, because the low horizon shot made me think of sigur ros
full of...smoke...and fire.....and dust....
Hello XylemTube
Gimli: He stuttered slightly, ergo he could never carry it for the day or so it'd take to get to the volcano? Forgive me if that doesn't make a wit of sense
04Lol Sundaysmile
twilight_sprinkle: they're going there to destro the ring.
hai XylemTube
RAWRity: o ok
11,01Get up. It took us two movies. We can keep going.
He wan'ts to lose his ring Twilight_Sprinkle
it's weeks to get tomt doom
Sundaysmile: mkay
Stop being a sissy, Frodo.
Goodbye clothes
not a euphamism btw
the movie make it look like it take less time
1,11Drop the load.
Not the pots! :'(
CriticKitten: Because it's not just for a few minutes he has to carry it, bit for many hours
why did he throw his armor out? i thought only frodo was tird
what number film are we on?
3
last
third
Okay
Thanks
Nittany_Discord: I'd be like "We've spent 11 fuckings hours of screen time to get here. Pick your tiny ass up and come on.
i hope they had insurence on that armour
HES DEAD
A light :O
he's stoned
I mistook that light for a dead pixel
he died, the armor was too heavy
In the book it was easier to see how much the ring was killing him-
lighthouse sauron
luna is HERE ON WORD BRONIES TO VICTORY *charges out front door with antique sword aimed at naighbours*
The great searchlight of Barad-Dur....
greenscreen
Fl00tersh41: He carried it for almost a full day, and only stuttered slightly in returning it to Frodo. The volcano is less than a day away. By all accounts it's very clear he'd be able to carry it at least part of that distance. >_>
MFW water is scarce
Yeah. The ring is a BURDEN. And I doubt any of us could carry it more than a few minutes.
Vivix: I'd say the movies do a damn good job of it too, what with the visual os Frodo looking completely and utterly fucked up.
mmmmm 3 drops of water
A few drops left
what an efficient way to drink
Manages to pour them down his face
that was more
CriticKitten: That's just movie cutting
is that a buffalo scro
scrod
This is news to Frodo
he was just trying to think positive
theyl die as bro's :'( how touching
CriticKitten: The plain in front of that vulcano is over 100 kilometers wide
but sam just wants Butter
RAWRity: Oh yaeh, totally, but with how the ring was just burning into his vision everytime he closed his eyes, he looks decrepit and sick, though. A scene showing his vision would probably take out the pacing
Sundaysmile: and taters
now ranks,piss on the gate,that will get us sauron full attention
hi
porkbutts and taters
I also think he can not give up the ring withou going mad, or something
Frodo: Get these damn mosquitos away from me!
oh shit
!
GET DAUN!
wat a fall
How does it not see him?
4short amount of time and though he was fine resisting it it was because he was more focused on rescuing Frodo. When Frodo was saved and he pulled the ring out he stuttered then, when there was no direct evil around him.
Fl00tersh41: So it took Mordor several days to empty itself? Yeah, I didn't think so. >_>
Quick, play dead!
11,01Frodo can't take that swag.
Well he's screwed
/me glomps Nittany_Discord
that'd b sweet if the eye had a gold necklace
11,01Frodo is like "He's so dreamy." *Collapses*
Sauron dropped his contact.
lol Nittany_Discord
Can we stop with the Frodo/Sam ring debate now and just enjoy the movie??
inB4 GREATEST SPEECH EVER.
lol Meanwhile
inb4 the mouth
Kthanx
11,01Hi Bronysith <3
theyre talking to a wall
Forrrth
I always thought it was awesome how the ring was almost sentient- creepy stuff
Gandalf_the_White: Yes, he stuttered due to the proximity to the mountain. That does not answer why he could not possibly have carried it for part of the trip up the volcano.
Nittany_Discord: how are you today? :)
oh shit its gonna talk back!
11,01Better.
they should grease that gate
approach wall, bring no siege equipment
it makes sense
dat mouth
nice teeth
they don't want to get in
Sexy.
eww
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: In the Extended Edition, the Mouth of Sauron is played by Australian actor Bruce Spence. Spence's real mouth was digitally enlarged to underscore his role in Sauron's service, as well as further give the character an inhuman aspect.
they want them to get out
Dat grin
dat mouth..
Well hi there, scary teeth
He seems nice
i bet he gives a good bj
Need a tic tac?
That--HELMET
CriticKitten: well, if the stutter was because of how close they are to the mountain...wouldn't going closer to the mountain make him more likely to fall to the rings, correct?
dat mouth of sauron
years of coffie caused that shit he calls teeth
Mouth of Sauron uses Frodo's Mithril Vest -50 hope to all allied troops.
its a sweater! i made it m yself
Miithriiil
He's a greybeard
Someone equip it
thats a nice sweater
RAWRity: Of course. Same goes from Frodo.
hes got a big mouth
11,01'dat robot voice.
Hello BronyState!
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The runes on the helmet worn by the Mouth of Sauron, when transliterated, say "Lammen Gorthaur". Lammen means voice, and Gorthaur, which is mentioned in the Silmarillion, means Dread Abomination, another title by which Sauron was known. The complete phrase, "Voice of the Dread Abomination", identifies the speaker as the Mouth of Sauron.
hoi Riders
He deed.
11,01Hi Riders
domo arigoto mr roboto
Hello Riders :)
lawl
ded
Aragorn uses Decapatation it is super effective.
Oh my
ded
Man, now that I am older I really want to read silmarilion
AW SNAP
RAWRity: Again, doesn't provide a satisfactory answer for why he couldn't carry it for at least some of that distance since he clearly had it for some time prior.
there is your negotiations
CriticKitten: but Frodo doesn't have the issue of trying to resist it. His issue is carrying the immense mental weight of it.
He reminds me of emperor doviculus
hai Riders
DECAPATATION!!!
boring conversation anyway... Gandalf, we're gonna hvae company!
I told you parley is french for everyone else in unarmed and flat-footed.
Diplomacy at it's finest
Riders: Hi!:)
1,11That was a nice F**K YOU.
just unpacked new headphone swith mic AWESOME
Twilight: Win
are you still there +sauron with the portal 2 sentry voice+
Sword diplomacy
And he died like emperor doviculus :D
1,11twilight_Sprinkle: lawl
04What RAWRity said is right
04Frodo's problem lies in him carrying it, not resisting it
How much of the film did I miss/How much is left?
Lightly trudging away from battle.
Sauron used evil look.
So.
so is frodo gonna die or what
No intermission today or did I miss it?
I hope the Hobbit is as epic as this
sirsodaorsomething: Watch and find out
^^
CriticKitten: it's something that could be argued, but I'm willing to believe that they didn't want to risk Sam turning on Frodo. Better Frodo tries to trudge on with it than risk Sam abandoning/killing him to keep the ring.
RAWRity: Er, except that they're both the same in this case.
11,01No intermission yet.
Frodo better die, or I'll kill him myself. :I
ok
A lot, Riders/they're pretty near the end
is the gobbit after this?
Riders: we're 3 1/2 hours im
dat speech
SPEECH!
*in
hobbit*
1,11Gandalf_the_White: Eh, I wouldn't say that. Frodo is clearly starting to be curropted by the ring, but he's still able to resist.
super speech engaged
SONG!
Nittany: The movie's almost over anyway.
Nittany_Discord, yet? We're more than halfway through.
+3000 courage
inb4 more epicness
An intermission at this point would be pointless.
Greatest. Speech. EVER.
SPARTANS TONIGHT WE DINE IN HELL!!
how much longer is the movie?
THIS IS EQUESTRIA!!1
1,11Why else did he try to give it to the Nazgul and try to walk it into the Witch King's fortress?
04Yeah, the role of Sam's character is that he's the most loyal friend
Maybe it's between the end and the credits
you should hear the german version
/me Sauron used Mean Look you can not escape
Inspirational Speech +100 to morale
it actually surpasses this
I'm playing the Smile song in the background now
Aragorn uses Greater Inspirational Speech +9001 Hope to all allied troops.
TONIGHT, WE DINE IN THE CAFETERIA HALL!!!!
It's cool. I'm here for the community more than the movie, which is still awesome
AROOO AROOO AROO!!!
/me stands
04Because, Gimli, I said that Frodo's will is only broken when confronted with a very strong force of evil
04Otherwise he's fine
The ring has a will of its own, it tries to return
Tonight we dine in Mordor!
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The scene where Aragorn's army assembles in front of the Black Gate of Mordor was shot in a desert that was used by the army as a training field. Because it was still littered with mines and bombs that hadn't gone off, the army had to sweep the field with metal detectors to make the danger for the actors and extras acceptable at least.
Aragorn's horse wasn't actually supposed to rear up when they were shooting the scene, it just did it at random and they decided to keep it in.
"acceptable"
Gimli: wow
13TIL the army trains with live bombs
<3 this music
which lotr is this?
well,a few extras blowing up on a mine could have added to the scene
Gandalf_the_White: I guess Smeagol counts as a "strong evil force" then because he very clearly allows Smeagol to manipulate him out of his own greed for the ring
<_<
COMANDER SHEPPHERD ME3 ENDING SPOOF WITH FRODO!!
they should of brought more water 2 water skins isnt gonna cut it!
Almost DERE!
Spitfire: Return of the King. The last one.
lol anyone seen the Robot Chicken Mt. Mordor scene,w/ Frodo and ****? lol creepy but funny
"Deshi Deshi! Basara Basara!"
Shizuka: Well, with the number of people that die in army training, I'm not that surprised
This movie is 5 hours, does that include credits?
circles!
epic last stand
Kandarihu: I think so.
Fove jpir!?
Five hours!?
this can only end well
Woah
friendship...is magic.
dat gimli
1,11Aye. I can do that.
Dumblewhore: how many people die in army training, exactly? O_o
Gimli and Legolas initiate the Friendship buff +2000 defence
cross species bromance
Friendship <3
Gimli why you so awesome?
pikorar: Not sure, a fair number.
And how long are the credits this time? Still half an hour?
Friendship truly is magic.
11,01Who trains an army with live explosives?
friendship is magic :)
do they still include the fanclub?
I feel like their is less rivalry between gimli and legolas in the book...
Dumblewhore: um, which army we talking about?
Friendship in Middle Earth is Magic
gandalf casts defensive harmony,protection from evil 100y and...some other shit
Kandarihu: A bit longer this time, I think. There were a lot more people in this one.
DIS SPEECH
:(
final stand + epic speach + friendship = epicest moment evar
Nittany_Discord: Someone who wants their army to know how to handle live explosives
Sam = Come on Master Frodo. You make that Will save, you can do it
Sams serinade
Nittany_Discord: Japanese? :P
Nittany_Discord: Mr. T.
great story bro
:'(
:(
Nittany_Discord: Same reason shooting ranges use live ammo
FUKKIN STRAWBERRIES
cool story bro
Strawberries and CREEEMEEHH!!
Goddanggit, I missed most of this.
LOL JK I don't really cry during movies.
Dumblewhore: because I know damn well the US military doesn't do that shit. live mines and the like are for testing the equipment, not soldiers.
Suddenly I have a craving for strawberies.
For Strawberies!
godamn making me all emotional
he died thinking of strawberries and cream... good death
than the element of harmony fly in and kill the enemy army and save the day and pinkie pie sings another sing
At this scene everybody in the cinema was touched ... god it was so awesome
song
FOR WATER!!!! :[
11,01Well shooting ranges generally don't shoot at live targets.
MFW people still die in training for the US army
Nittany_Discord, someone who wants soldiers to TOTALLY be used to that when exposed to live combat.
oh this next line
frodo had too much drug
friendship!!!
:'(
he can carry him
Sam uses the Ultimate Loyal Friend buff +250 hope +250 determination +250 strength
Nittany_Discord: "generall'?O_o
:'(
"DESHI, DESHI! BASARA, BASARA!"
Element of share the load.
*generally
GO SAM!
BY THE POWER OF FRIENDSHIP!!!
Love lifts him up where he belongs
Just imagine him as a sack of muffins!
"I can't carry the ring....but I CAN CARRY YOU!!"
ISPIRATIONAL
Dumblewhore: very rarely, usually related to dehydration or exhaustion, or the rare mechanical failure/accident.
1,11When he said Carry the Load, I dont think he initially thought he'd literally carry Frodo...
And this is why Sam is the real hero of this story, and Frodo's just the bitch carrying the evil necklace
As Celestia is my witness...ill carry you
staring contest
DISHI, DISHI, PASTA BRA, PASTA BRA
11,01I don't know of any army training exercises that involve shooting at each other with live ammo.
FORWARD! FOR LIFE! FOR WATER! AND FOR STRAWBERRIES! :[
CriticKitten: As implied in the book
Sam is best hobbit
Never noticed but you can actually hear Into The West playing in orchestrals at that point
Sam is-amazing
And at that moment, Sam thinks, deep in the back of his mind, "And I think I understand why Men wear shoes now."
For Frodo
FOR EQUESTRIA!!!!
epic charge inb4
Nittany_Discord well you have never been to my house
Cue the best charge.
For Megaupload. ;_;7
Well, I guess Samwise is FINALLY carrying the ring, indirectly.
1,11Riders: No offense..but it was kinda obvious...
For Frodo......
Aragorn uses 'For Frodo' Charge +1000 to all stats.
11,01Ryunosuke: You want a pasta bra?
LEEROOOY
AAAAARRRRGGGHHH!!!!
DAT CHARGE
Dat charge
FOR THE INTERNET
FOR FRODO! :[
For Frodo
1,11CHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
For Demonoid
Nittany_Discord: well there is a part where they shoot at you with a machine gun and you crawl under barbwire will doing so :P
I miss megaupload T_T
So they forget about Frodo for the ENTIRE movie until this moment....
OH MY GOD HE JUST RAN IN
LEEEEEEEEROY JEEEEEEEENKINS
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGHHHHHHHHHH!
HAAAAAM!!!
DEATH! :[
lol halflings
you're too slow
aww :( I slept through alot aof the final part
11,01Major: Do they still do that?
DEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAATH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAHHH PORCODIOOOOOOOO
Stick to the plan!
CriticKitten: sort of. Sam's the one who goes through the biggest development, while Frodo's is mostly about his struggle with the ring and ultimately getting the urge to adventure and travel beyond middle earth.
dumb frodo in the lava
XylemTube: I thought MegaUpload came back.
*dump
@Gimli = Haven't watched the movie enough. It's my least favorite of the series
STAY ON TARGET
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: To get enough extras for the Battle at the Black Gate, a few hundred members of the New Zealand army were brought in. They apparently were so enthusiastic during the battle scenes that they kept breaking the wooden swords and spears they were given.
Gold_Demona: did it?
OH HELL NO
LLLEERRRROOOOYYYYY JJEEENNNNNNKKKKIIINNNNSSSSSS. frodo looks from the top of the mnt "god danmit leeroy"
the doorway of DOOOOOOM....well,it actually is for once
Nittany_Discord: some bases, my father did it :P
gtfo smeagol
A wild Gollum appears!
1,11WHAT A TWEEST
Gollum outta nowhere
Let my PRECIOUS GO!
XylemTube: Yeah, Last I heard
Last I heard, Demonoid's domain is for sale.
GTFO Gollum!
04Oh man, did I miss the best scene?
>_>
take that gollum!
HEADSHOT
boom, headshot
Gimli: is it a twist if it's been foreshadowed for the last 3 hours?
rock you
Smeagol Lied >_>
Rock to the head.
I LIED!
If Smeagol can choke you, you're weak.
wouyld be funny if he missed
Gandalf_the_Brony: which one? :P
Keep throwing rocks
wound is on the other cheek in this scene
Gandalf_the_White: yes
Bashed!
Break his neck!
Falcon KICK!!
04FUCK
why not stab him with a sword?
04I missed the best scene
pikorar: Smeagol's a lot stronger than he looks. =/
1,11Gandalf_The_White: ...no, you were here for the White Shores scene..
Give Smeagol the ring and then throw them both into the damn volcano!
uhoh'
What scene Gandalf_the_White?
NOMNOMNOM
smeagol uses bash and then bite
Pikachu: actually Gollum's surprisingly strong for his size. Plus Frodo's got the weight of the world around his neck.
oh shit
For Frodo
Vampire Smeagol
The Ring Wraiths have entered the battle.
Major: I think they threw the swords away with the armour.
oohhhh noooww he can walk
Wait, no.
DOCTOR OCTA MOTHER F****** GONNAPUS BRBRBRBRBR BLAAAAAARRGGGHHHH!!!!
04"But I can carry you! COME ON!!"
Oh NOW you suddenly have energy to climb
Kothen: and there it is :P
Run, bitch!
i think gollum was ablo to hold frodo up with one arm in the books iirc
fuck you i'm gandalf
able*
1,11Oh, yes, you DID miss that part.
Frodo you whiny shit
Desperation can summon impressive strength
04Best fucking part of the trilogy
inb4 dovakiin jokes
THE EAGLES,THE EAGLES
1,11Dat moth.
FLUTTERSHY ASSISTANE
Gilda :o
suddenly eagles!
epic eagles!!
Major: D'oh. :P
CriticKitten: Does that mean sam is going to turn into whatever it is Gollum is now?
moth D=
GILDA ARE YOU HERE
Adrenaline
Eagles!
GILDA!
CriticKitten: adrenaline from nearly dying?
Kothen: I win :3
The eagles have entered the battlefield.
THE PLOT HOLE IS COMEING
The task is almost complete, will Gandalf have to go back to being dead!? :'(
Army of Gilda's!
where did the birds come from?
1,11Eagles > Dragons aparently.
04Nature fights back BITCH
Fl00tersh41: if he were to steal the ring and keep it, he would.
eagle air strike
As someone who has not read the books or watched the films more than 3 times, Do they ever actually depict the defeat of Saruman?
Oh, you remember HiShE for this movie?
welcome to summoners rift i mean mnt doom
yes
Push him in
Gimli: they're not dragons
eagles in middle earth have a thing for joining battles at the last possible second
RAWRity: I was thinking more of the vampire bite
I always thought the CGI on this looke really odd, BUT it's a great scene
why he no die from inhaling fosfor?
Riders: He's given a death scene at the start of RotK, but it's not like how it was in the books.
1,11CAST IT INTO THE FIRE!
11,01I wonder if MegaUpload was taken down because SOPA and PIPA failed.
He's too corrupted now.
.....nah.
kill it with fire
Okay, THIS part I saw already
"Mario! MARIOOOOOOOOOOO!"
or drop it
Unfortunately, it was here that Frodo finally fell to its influence.
I thought MegaUpload came back. Didn't it?
drop dat ring
11,01Actually, nvm.
DO IT!
Nittany_Discord: nope. Kim Dot Com didn't pay taxes for a good ten years.
Nittany_Discord: it was before sopa and pipa
TERMINAL CORRUPTION. GAME OVER.
i'd push his ass in
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: Nice reference!:)
"Sorry, but your princess is in another castle"
TOSS
TOSS IT
RAWRity: He sure got a hell of a lot of adrenaline then, considering the claim was that the ring was so heavy that it made him immobile
04Annnnnnnnnnd
troll face to sam
INB4 MINE!
Cast it into the fire, Frodo! Destroy it!
The Ring uses Final Corruption on Frodo +100 Betrayal -100 Friendship
Quick, kick him into the fire, Sam
Destroy your precious!
04He can't, Sam
DON'T TEMPT ME FRODO
11,01But his site was taken down for copyright infringement.
shiny
its too shiny
back at rivendel,elrond is now facepalming like mad
stupid frodo...
NOOOOOOOOOOO
MINE
/me CHORUUUUS
D:
:O
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
MINE
NO
Dammit Frodo!
@Kothean = Thanks. I could never remember much of Return of THe King other than the climax and ending
CriticKitten: the ring pretty much does whatever fits it's goals
NO
(darth vada) NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Isil- I mean Frodo NOOOOOOO
You know what? We've been mourning Megaupload for too long. We need to make like good pirates and rebound like always.
YOU WERE MY BROTHER FRODO
TROLL FRODO
lol *remembers RC skit* "Its stuck on there,perhaps your toung could loosen it." 0_o :D lol Robot Chicken FTW
FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
throw a knife at him
betrayal!
dat choir
04"YOU WERE THE CHOSEN ONE!!!"
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
STUPID SEXY SAURON
1,11of the entire saga.
WTF!!
Nittany_Discord: which was the reason they gave to seize all his property, including his like, 5 houses that he never payed taxes on. and the speedboat.
sauron goes into OH SHIT mode too
http://nooooooooooooooo.com/
Gollum to the rescue!
dat ping
04It's Obi-Wan and Anakin at the end of Episode III all over again
scared me
Nittany_Discord: there were youtube videos about it that were taken down because of said Copyright infigment...
y is gandolf using a sword isnt he a wizard?
Gandalf_the_Brony: except not a lame ass movie
sirsodaorsomething: He's a battle mage
sirsodaorsomething: lightmagic doesnt make for good kikling
OH SHIT
gollem owns everyone
oh gawd berserk
damn he's trong
we need an exorcist
ok makes sense
Armored troll, shit
Parrying that massive troll's sword with all it's strength behind it?
ouch
omnomnomnom
om nom nom nom
Lolwut
No way
MY FINGER
Gandalf_the_Brony: except better acted. And well written. And not an overly long lightsaber battle.
BUTTERFINGER
mmm finger
0Push them
well,if you think about it nor magic nor magic weapons have a huge part in any of the films
11,01-1 finger :<
Dumblewhore: it's fucking Anduril, what do you expect?
Push him in
13OH wait wait this isn't my ring of power
04Um
On an off topic note, I notice that we're watching this through a different player
04Guys
13eesh how embarrassing
this is sparta that bitch!
Dumblewhore: Haven't you heard? According to some in this channel, it's fantasy, so physics doesn't matter. :D
Smeagol is victorious!
The Precious in MINE!
kick im
This entire sequence is brilliant
Wow, how'd the camera fit in the ring? :P
oh joy
He must've felt around for the finger that had a ring on it.
Gollum finaly gets his precious
04I'm the White, not the Brony :P
Dawwww. He's so HAPPY.
Riders: mips was too laggy
1,11NOW! Drop kick his ass into the lava!
Lawl
11,01Darth_Vader: Videos on the megaupload story were taken down for copyright infringement?
Stupid sexy Legolas
Gandalf_the_White: all the tabfails XD
you've never been as happy as him with his precious
He's so happy
yippeeeeee
i am gollum hear my rawr
COME ONNNNNN! this is sparta that bitch!
precious!!
YAY
F*** YOU ASSWIPE
11,01Lol Shizuka
Nittany_Discord:yes
now kick him into the flames
Precious! Precious!
he should hurry up and put it on..
get a mud pit cmon
SPARTA
TASTE THE LAVA MOTHERFUCKER
THIS IS SPARTA!
Frodo uses Final Struggle +100 Strength
THIS IS MORDOR :[
dieeee
FRODO!!!!!
:O Premature Precious Party! O_o
Yeah that should've killed him. O.o
11,01Darth_Vader: And that's why copyright law is broken. Too easy for it to be used as a censorship tool.
:O
At least he died happy
13is it hot in here?
why doesnt he put it on??
YOU CANT SINK IN LAVA
he ded
OMG IS SO HOT
Ded
disregard lava get ring
Blub.
THAT SCENE
Bad End!
ded
Well, he got what he wanted.........sort of.
The book is much less climactic, lol. Gollumn just falls off the edge I believe.
I ALWAYS WANTED TO SWIM IN LAVA NOW I KNOW WHY
And in the end, Gollum was the greatest hero in middle earth
And only at the end is there that OH FUUUUUUU-
damn ring, Y U no dissapear!
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Andy Serkis's first scene was on top of Mount Doom near the Cracks of Doom. His last scene was the scene were Gollum and Frodo are fighting and fall off the ledge. Andy Serkis's first scene was on top of Mount Doom near the Cracks of Doom. His last scene was the scene were Gollum and Frodo are fighting and fall off the ledge.
Melted get.
04He'll be back
11,01Lava is thick. I bet he would have hit it and broke some bones.
Well, atleast he died happy.
04DUN DUN DUN DUNDUN
magnets man how do they work
sacrificing his life to stop the corruptted Frodo
The Cracks of Doom, lawl
THE HAND IS MINE
13EW not the bloody hand!
and end Saurons tyrany
Why does the lag always happen at the most epic portions
YOUR HAND IS MINE
I'm surprised they aren't burning up by the sheer heat of the lava below.
:| Don't. You. Let. Go!
Nittany_Discord: that was one of the things the contestors were saying too, I remember watching so much about the whole protest hehe. I dont even live in USA
Ill never let go jack
13he was going to yell his other favorite brand, ORAL B!, but it didn't focus well
But, y'know, movie physics.
:'(
yay!
DIE RING!
Why does Sauron put all his power in a ring anyway?
13as an inanimate object, i have nothing to add
OH, MY FEELS
Sam uses 'Don't You Let Go' giving Frodo +1000 friendship.
Sam used friendship, IT WAS SUPER EFFECTIVE
VICTORYY!!
13THEY DID WHAT?
Second best quote: "Don't you let go."
nuke in 3...2....1
Surely if with the ring he is unbeatable
And it holds all his power
WHAT CMON I HATE FRODO Y COULDNT SAM JUST LET HIM GO!
Ded
oh Cypresswolf you're lucky to have bought all those mlp cards when you did
11,01Darth_Vader: Sadly, I do.
Then if he'd just kept his power, not put it in a ring
My Ring is DEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAD!
me3 best ending in
He'd have won?
Dumblewhore: just like vodemort I guess
3
1,11Sauron: FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-
04LIGHT WINSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Watching this the first time is great
2
WHAT THE FUCK BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
1
04LIGHT PREVAILS!!!!!!!
Sauron is so butthurt it's litterally killing him.
0.5
04And then all of the audience clapped
take thar Sauron
WTF-BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
Rohan: what are they going for now? last I checked 100 & up
someones mad
*that
Dumblewhore: you didn't pay attentiion to the first film then, when they explained that?
pikorar: :D
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The original storyboards for the destruction of Barad-dur had a volcanic fissure appearing between Mt. Doom and the tower, with lava erupting into the tower and melting it from the inside. When the post-production schedule became too hectic, the sequence was simplified into the version that now appears.
COUNTER-TERRORISTS WIN
Goodbye Sauron
11/09
13oh this is bad uh... my administration accomplished all its goals... uh my planet needs me!
Boom muthafucka!
Dumblewhore: He fell asleep in Villain Class
RAWRity: Did I not?
inb4 epic explosion
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Scenes were shot that involved Aragorn tackling Sauron one-on-one while outside the Black Gate. In the scene, Sauron would have appeared taller than the Sauron we see at the start of The Fellowship of the Ring. Once footage was reviewed, however, it was decided that to include this scene would pervert Tolkien's ideas, and also distracted too much from the climax
1,11of Frodo and Sam's storyline. Footage from the fight remains: Aragorn's charge outside the Black Gate was to take him into the fight. Temp work on this scene can be seen on the third disc of the Return of the King Extended Edition DVD.
Cypresswolf: no its just enterplay soldout and it'll be awhile before more are made
13IT WAS ALL SARUMAN'S FAULT!
13mother..
Its so beautiful when its dying :'(
AND THI IS WHY I'M A GOOD DEMOMAN
FRODO! FRODO!
kaboom!
/me smiles
FUS RO DAH!
Shizuka: How so?
I guess you could say he...went out with a bang.
13and at that same moment, frodo was overcome with the urge to yell DRIVESHAFT
Rohan: I found a few boxes on Amazon last month for 50 each
FRODOOO!
Great Success!!
/me slaps sirsodaorsomething
That wave
Ding dong, the Dark Lord's dead! :D
*cues victory fanfare from FF8*
luck much?
EVERYBODY RUN LIKE BITCHES!!
uh how dare u good sir i challange u to a game of polo
Um.... NOT GOOD NOT GOOD!
SHIT SHIT SHIT SHIT
Did Frodo dead!?
YAAAA-NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I love how the ground breaks away everywhere excpt where the good guys are standing
Shizuka, Driveshaft?
now we should lg it bfor th ash cloud gets too us
"Uhm, this does not look good here, uhm."
^
frodo and sam are fucked
Hardcore Parcour.
i dont think they are getting their security deposit back...
Kandarihu: It's a LOST reference. :P
11,01Lava. Get your red hot lava here.
Cypresswolf: isnt that the default price for the box?
Outrun lava!
Kothen, oh, okay.
Nittany_Discord: ill take a cup
And then the heat melted their skin
Frodo Nine-Finger
Oh frodo, you'r hot
/me 11,01gives Bronysith a cup
Smeagol?
How is the heat convection not boiling them?
13nope frodo, still got an hour to go
Rohan: yes, but the prices for the boxes keep fluctuating
Free at last!
how come he can walk fine now even after loosing all that blood but now when hes thirsty
final quest is over!
Hawt sex
the magic of movies
Convection doesn't exist in movies
Fuck Sauron, I'm just glad Smeagol's dead. He was a little shit.
sirsodaorsomething: losing*
most of it are credits
Cause he no longer has the ring weighing him down
Fl00tersh41: middle earth volcanos work differently
Movie Physics 101: The lava can hurt you only when you physically touch it. The heat won't bother you at all.
CONVECTION CONSMECTION
13convection schmonvection
Shizuka lol theres an hour left?!
grammar nazi
Sam = Now we can start the hour of finales
Shizu: An hour and about five different endings to go
Cypresswolf: last pack i bought had a green fluttershy...
RAWRity: You gunna explain it to me then?
13take a shot every time the movie ends
sirsodaorsomething: WINNING
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Special care was taken to make sure that the destruction of Sauron's tower of Barad-Dur did not resemble the destruction of the World Trade Center. For this reason, it disintegrates from the ground up, and the sound was made from breaking glass, so that it would not sound or look as if it were exploding.
The chat couldnt handel the epic
look at sam,and how he's like YEAH,AND I CAN SEE THE LAVA OF OUR DEATH
you done good kid you did...good.... *andeerson dies*
I only opened the first 20 pack I got - I have 5 more boxes, but wont open those for quite some time
allahsauris swag
I was also going to question how they can go inside a vulcano we have seem spewing lava out of its top for all three movies
Thunder-Crescent: that is spoilers, not everyone has played 3 yet
That's not the Shire, Frodo! Don't head towards the light!
>exploding tower
The biggest weakness of this film: It has the longest ending of all time
Sam wanted to marry Thistlewhistle
>must automatically be a 9/11 reference
Mainly due to the amount pet hair and dust
Cypresswolf: tbh im somewhat dissappointed with the card print quality
who says imrefering to that andesn
13do remember this was a mere two years after it
Dumblewhore: Now you're thinking like a true MURIKAN
13the end
Riders: What's wrong with a long ending?
nao yaoi
I remember having to pee really bad, thinking the ending was close. Nope.
and then they made out
twilight_sprinkle: how so?
oh wait
They were careful to prevent it from BEING a 9/11 reference.
04Friendship, baby
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The first film in the trilogy had 540 computer-generated effects. "The Two Towers" had 799 and "Return of the King" has 1488.
BUT WAIT
NOW IT'S TIME FOR A PARTYYYYYYYY!
Take a shot!
aggioaccattato: no thanx
hi everypony
Ending #1.
/me 13drinks
hi CrazyHippie1234
hi CrazyHippie1234 :)
hai CrazyHippie1234
I loved how slow the ending was in the book, but I haven't seen the movie in years and years-
13dumbledore!
A party on the lava? O.o
CrazyHippie1234: Hi!:)
eagles.we show up late,but hell are we usefull
High as EAGLES
Eagles
Save us Gilda!
Dumblewhore: short version is: Sauron made the Ring to corrupt the world and make him powerful. army of men and elves made Narsil, an enchanted sword, and managed to cut the ring from his hand. leader of the men was corrupted by the ring and didn't destroy it, and thus the ring travelled from there till Frodo got it.
nom nom time for eagles
13yoink
Hello CrazyHi[[ie1234
frodo died 2 weeks later due to a infection from missing finger
Shizuka: Fair point, it was less time after, but the point was that it was a tower exploding in the film, and however they did that, it's still a tower exploding, I don't think that how it exploded would have made people any less offended
and then they were eaten by eagles
13well, we see the "proper" version
damnit gilda
AJIsAwesome = As Shizuka put it, Take a shot everytime the film looks like its about to cut to credits. It's not that anything is poorly done, it just feels kind of excessive
13who knows what other possibilities there were
sirsodaorsomething: Nah, it was sauturized shut by the fire.
And so the age old question of "Why didn't we just fly there in the first place?" was ignored totally and utterly.
13it was aaaall a dream
Those are eagles, not gryphons lol
04INCEPTION
13frodo is really still at rivendell
INCEPTION
04BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRM
13they're about to leave for moria
nope
FRODO TIME TO GO TO MORDOR
Riders: Ok. That's what you meant.
LZ was to hot to land, AM I RIGHT?!
*horns
mISSING FINGER
http://inception.davepedu.com/
IT WAS ALL A DREAM
caps
Shizuka: the original version as actually a DC-8 flying out of Mount Doom and crashing into Sauron's eye.
Sad thing is that terrorists got the idea for 9/11 from a TV show
Gandalf_the_White what if your inception is inside the matrix ?
Meanwhile: Shhh, you're not allowed to point out plotholes or people will get yelly at you. :P
Shizuka: There was actually an online petition protesting the title of the second movie-- The Two Towers-- believe it or not.
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The movie marks the second time in history that the third movie in a trilogy was nominated for Best Picture, by the Academy Awards and Golden Globes, after The Godfather: Part III and the only time that a third movie has won the Best Picture Oscar. The movie also tied with Ben-Hur and Titanic to win the most Oscars (11) in a single year. It is also the only one of
no,i'm a ghost
1,11the three to win a Screenplay Oscar.
ohai Gandalf
Frodo, you're dead. We're in heaven.
GANDALF YOUR HAIR IS AWESOME
04An inception wrapped inside a matrix
dat gandalf
"So i'm dead, huh?
04But this...oh man
God, people are daft.
You know, they could do more to make the collapse of the Tower of Sauron more unlike the WTC attacks. They could have it fall sideways. They could have the whole tower turn to sand and just MELT.
13yay we're all dead!
13yay
Cypresswolf: well firstly the green dull fluttershy cards. also the foil material on one of the cards is off by a 1 millimeter or so. and the print is just poor on them in general. and its quite expensive for 5 cards
04How awesome that Frodo sees that Gandalf is alive and well
Hahahahahahahahaha
hello frodo here is your reward for saving the world *takes off robe*
Dumblewhore: I think terrorists got the idea for 9/11 from the fact that Planes can crash into things.
:D
Frodo = Gandalf? Oh Shit, I'm dead aren't I?!
/me laughs
HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE HUE
INB4 raep
lol Gandalf like to watch 0_o
and everyone was high forever
quick, check the totem! this might be a drea,
13MAN RAY!
*dream
Party Cannon!
wild hobbit love
Gandalf_the_White: What's better is that Gandalf can play it off as they're all dead and in heaven.
gimli
ending nr2?
13she cleans up good
Gimli: Fucking Titanic
Mr. Extra with a mask!
Burn that shit
I'M SEXY AND I KNOW IT
Everytime I see this, I keep expecting Gimli to run over and jump on the bed too.
all dead
wiggle wiggle wiggle
RAWRity, true.
then he sees boromir - dammit
Greatest Slow motion laughs and smiles of all time
Kothen: :D
13oh hell here comes the old ball and chain
then he wakes up
bawww boromir
twilight_sprinkle: expensive for 1 card is right - I got a gold trimmed holo Luna in one of my packs - at the time, that card on its own was $30
And the real hero!
sams like that should be me asshole!
then gollum comes from under the bed and bites his hand some more
Sam...
And then Sam was the real hero
13the end
Cypresswolf: are the cards cool? Just like pictures and info? I haven't seen them-
04"When Sam gives him that very fucking gay look"
13DOH
Oh wait that was the truth all along
Sam is best Hobbit
And then Sam and Frodo were married and had two beautiful children.
/me 13drinks
Take a shot!
DAT ENDING
04But seriously, Sam was the damn hero
Cypresswolf: on ebay?
DAT FACE
Ending #2.
GONDOR IS HUUUGE
Then he wakes up again in the Prancing Pony and gets shanked by a Ringwraith.
lol
13WELCOME
uestion bout that Holo Luna Cypresswolf
Not sure if still just Bromance:P
13TO REN FEST 3009
*question
hate to be the guy way at the back
I thought most of the soldiers died?
Don't fall off the edge, now.
HELLZ YEAH FREE HAND GLIDING LESSONS
Long live the King!
bleep-bloop
dat king
hi pope gandalf
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: In February 2004, became second film to break the $1 billion mark in worldwide box-office revenue (Titanic was the first). It broke another record by winning all the Oscars for which it was nominated (11 out of 11). The previous record was nine out of nine by The Last Emperor and nine out of nine by Gigi.
Vivix: the character cards have some trivia on the back, they come with location cards, puzzle piece cards, tattoos, and standees
oh wait no
and now, you are the king of Equestria
the return of the king!!
Shizuka: now nearly 1/9 the size of Bronycon 2013!
Long live the King!
dta crown
Vivix: the location cards have the code on the reverse
LONG LIVE THE KING (litterally, he's like, 87.)
dat beard
Fucking Titanic again
long live the king and all that good stuff
Cypresswolf: hm- cool, I might try to get my hands on some, but- they're sold out and ebay now?
Now go and learn the magic of friendship!
/me cheers
no,it belongs to 2 hobbits
DAT SPEECH
LONG LIVE THE FIRST KING OF EQUESTRIA!!
Vivix: have you tried Amazon?
again, guy at the way back won't heawr or see shit of this
GIVE IT TO PIE MAN
I really, really want the map, but walmart does not exist in this country
hear*
13and then
on the back where it shows the pony type, are all 3 highlighted or just 2?
silent, the man with the funny hat speaks!
13middle earth idol
yay
13for... some reason
And that is how Equestria was made
Cypresswolf: ah no, amazon has great toy and collectible selection- I'll go there first
song tiem
now, autism
AND THAT'S HOW EQUESTRIA WAS MADE!
Kareoke
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Like Billy Boyd earlier in the film, Viggo Mortensen also composed the tune and sung the part to the song Aragorn sings at his coronation. The translation of the Elvish words runs "Out of the Great Sea to Middle Earth I am come. In this place I will abide, and my heirs, unto the ending of the world." This is, according to the book, the same verse Elendil sung when
1,11he first arrived in Middle Earth from NÃºmenor.
04Faramir
And then everyone was like "why the fuck is he singing?"
And an awkward silence as the King breaks into song.
What? No sing along lyrics at the bottom?
on the back where it shows the pony type, are all 3 highlighted or just 2? Cypresswolf
Allahsaurus: you speak Elvish?
don't laugh...what ever he does, don't laugh!
best friend forever
13and remember guys, legolas here was also a grizzled pirate
nice tiara Legolas:P
Everyones like, "what is this disney?"
Guise, I'm cring
13uh oh
Mr Anderson
he ded
13now we're in for it
ooohhhh he's getting lucky tonight
13STRAP IN guys time for some philosophy
Does Legolas go to the undying lands or not? I don't remember
and then agent smith turned her into a smith and they took over
the lord of everything e vil lied,what a surprise
Shizuka: no philosophy, just love
he goes later with Gimli
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Body count: 836
Dumblewhore: He does, IIRC
possibly
Shizuka: What have you been smoking? :P
Shizuka: WAIT! MY BODY ISN'T READY!
then the matrix happened
Rohan: the back of what? the cards? which ones?
04I think she's making rifftrax references
CALLED IT
kiss!
KISSU KISSU
Which no one is getting, apparently.
ho damn
Elves and human dont breed well
DAT KISS
OH MY
/me glomps Shizuka
Kiss scene!
Now kiss!
Spin
Ah, never watched a rifftrax of anything
and then nothing sexual happened
Cypresswolf: your Holo Luna, if you can recall
Smith smiled? i guess he must be imagining Neo dying
I dont think you are supposed to spin while kissing
"hey aragorn, you need a shave:
inb4 they're cousins and things get awkward.
french it upoverboy
Isn't Aragorn a half elf?
You know what this calls for?
13it's the hobbit barbershop quartet!
Rohan: I'll get it out & check
Dumblewhore: same, seems too long and silly
PARTY TIME
dem hobbits
And then best part
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Since John Rhys-Davies suffered constant rashes from wearing the Gimli make-up, the make-up department gave him the opportunity to throw his Gimli mask into the fire on his last day of pick-up photography. He didn't hesitate a moment to grab and burn it.
Gold_Demona: His ancestors were Elfs, i think
Cypresswolf: danke :)
Shizuka: The Lollypop Guild.
MOAR epicness
A PARTY
"My friends....you bow to no one."
Now this is awesome.
13you're the real kings here
/me bows
13and then hobbits ruled middle earth
what the game plan coach
Dammit Frodo stop being depressed.
:'(
/me kneels
;___;
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: I knew he had elf in his blood somewhere, just wasn't sure how much. =P
and they feeled tall for the first time
So which ending is the real one?
holeeee shit
13frodo watches his career post-LOTR slip away
And Mary just goes "WOOOOOOO"
WTF faces
like... wtf?
shit's happy yo.
Still a while to go.
Zephyr: He just can't get over the loss of his precious.
WTF BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM
frodo looked like he's constipated
Is this the entire ending?
Frodo just doesn't get it:D
11,01The hobbitses.
Ending #3.
Frodo isn't depressed
And then Middle earth became Hobbitland
Shizuka: hey now! he does other stuff! Like...Red Vs Blue!
Frodo does not know how he even got there.
And then someone fell off the edge
wait, he had a career pre-LOTR?
thta map
the end
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: This movie and its two prequels, combined as a trilogy, was voted the best movie of all time in a 2005 Australian Movie Poll.
13the end
Skyrim map
13DOH
and magic
FRIENDSHIP!
YYYYYYYYYYEEEEEAAAAAHHHHHH i still liked star wars better but YYYYEEEAAAAHHHHHH
BTW: Camera should've centered on Sam
You know there's one asshole in the crowd going "We were saved by Hobbits!? My God we suck!!"
friendship and love:)
FRIENDSHIP
lol
Freindship!
And tolerance
OMG. End so I can get some food! *_*
Fourth Age? That Third Age was pretty short
the age of friendship begone!!
13the set of the first movie~
And 13 hours since the movie's beginning.
For Friendship!
1,1113 months to the day.
11,01Didn't Frodo die in the book?
/me cheers
Nittany_Discord: no
fourth age of equestria
Hehehe-
I'M FABULOUS
Nitany: Nope.
WHATS THE NEXT VIDEO AFTER THIS?
Nittany_Discord: nope
"Sup, Plebe."
GET OFF MY LAWN
Nittany_Discord, mom says no
And no one knows they saved the world
Rohan: On Luna the pony types are Pegasi & Unicorn
Nittany_Discord: nope
So is this the complete ending?
"Hobbits"
11,01I thought he was killed at Mt. Doom.
then 4G
Man...hobbits arent watching "News" arent they?
damn ponies
He's traumatized by nearly a years worth of resisting the rings corruption, paranioa at his friends trying to steal it at every turn and in the end knowing he succombed to its power
Eat myt pumpkin !
13okay let's play "i never"
they look a littlesmall to drink
13i never got tempted by the ring
and we went back to the shire,to be the overlords of middle earth in secret
Frodo has good reason to feel down
04Billy certainly does seem the type to get a good laugh out of other's misfortune
Gimli: Nice call using the words "ponies".
Nittany_Discord: Nope. Just lost a finger
AJIsAwesome = Oh no. we've still got a ways to go
>_>
Cypresswolf: thank you
Masochism is fun. So is Schadenfraude or however you spell it.
Fl00tersh41: not to mention how he gets sick once a year at the anniversary of the spider bide, or the nazgul sword- one of those
and then discord invaded
Frodo's going through bling withdrawal, right?
11,01Gold_Demona: Also in the book?
sams like "fuck you i saved the day"
BOOBS
DAT WAITRESS
Nittany_Discord: Yup
i hope an MLP trilogy becomes as epic as this
the nazgul sword
Vivix: That too yes
13liquid courage
tits mgee
go get her sam!
Suddenly, confidence.
11,01Could have put the finger back on.
alexxm: And turned the Shire into Ponyville
Nittany_Discord: In the books, Shire was invaded by Saruman.
love these strings
dat smile
DAT WAITRESS'S ASS
Yes! Do it, Sam ^_^
13samwise gamgee, been to hell and back, still has to take a strong drink before asking a girl out
<3
LETS PARTY! :O
you went through mordor you van do this
1,11Swag.
SUCCESS
OH SEXY TIME TONIGHT!
MAN UP!
All in all, I'd say Frodo is taking it all quite well
<3
:)
Shizuka: he's shy.
yay
CADENCE WHERE ARE YOU
Yes! Yes! Yes!
LOVE IS IN BLOOM
Nittany_Discord: Would've had to retrive it first. Wasn't much time to do so with the whole volcano collapsing around them. =P
MIIIIINE
The Shire is ALREADY like Ponyville
That was old Sam. New Sam gets the fuck what he wants
LOL
Thunder-Crescent = Don't you mean Tits Gamgee ;)
13yay we have a new slave!
EPIC.
nothing says swag like saving the world
Suddenly Changelings.
04Didn't Viggo end up kissing Billy Boyd during this scene
xd YES
04And that's why Sean is laughing?
wakes up
well sam has a woman
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Viggo Mortensen and Billy Boyd were standing off-camera during Sam's wedding scene, pretending to be wedding guests in order to help Sean Astin's performance. After Sarah McLeod threw her bridal bouquet to Boyd, Mortensen gave Boyd a passionate kiss. The filming of the scene (and the kiss) appear on the extended version extras.
I like so bad dat house
Philosphy time
04Hah, yep
hehehe
Nice
whoch one was boyd again?
Und dann Frodo was emo
04Pippin
I going to watch the extras all over again now :)
@Gimli = I have to see that to believe it
write faster
oh that one
Dear Princess Celestia...
And then Frodo became a multi-millionaire book writer.
hi callback to bilbo
TOLKIEN COPIED THAT BOOK
^
Dear Princess Celestia...
those random points...
13heartburn
There and back again
/me 11,01scribbles on twilight_sprinkle
13he shouldn't have had those twelve nazgul burgers
dat reference
Rohan: He's not EMO, he has at least ten kinds of PSTD
A book within a book?
13it's been four years to the day since this movie started sam
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: When Frodo is writing the book, the top of the page notes that Sam was elected Mayor of Hobbiton.
tittleception
Mr. Frodo, are you virgin?
MegaMoonShine: No, a book within a movie about a book.
dat title drop
1,11TITLE DROOOOP!
NAME OF DA BOOK
04Sam is the Mayor now?
13and at twelve hours in we finally have a title
/me is now inscribed by the magic of Nittany_Discord!
title drop, yay!
That's a bit of a mindfuck
04Hot damn, way to go Sam
now the film begins
A little more. Ffffffff.
Shit, watch out for falling title!
Shizuka: just in time for our fifth denoument
Alexxm: Longest. Prolouge. Ever.
13bilbo misses his UNLIMITED POWAAAAAAAAH
man The Shire would an awesome live action Ponyville :D
Bilbo's age caught up with him. =P
mummy baggins
11,01twilight_sprinkle: Now you can explode on command and have maid tendencies.
YE OLDE BILBO
Lolnope.
Damn, Bilbo has aged.
...
twilight_sprinkle oh I am sure that enchantment sounds like fun and games, but now your cursed to a life time of maidhood and explosions.
Well... About the ring... Erm.
bilbo got old
He is terribly wrinkled.
how long ago did this movie start?
I'm afraid I've lost it >_>
Lost it. >_>
well i burned it in a fire
pffft bwaHAHAHA
13frodo just rolled his eyes
well, didn't the ring make him stay youthful?
I thought he said titty
XD
13did you see it?
Pity.
is that guy smelling frodo?
>valuable family heirloom
Now that's just depressing
Lost it BS
>lost it
NO!
11,01alexxm: That ring isn't keeping him young.
and now that he hasn't had it he ages normally?
Shizuka yeees
he's like 116 years old
lost it >_>
Nittany_Discord: sounds like..fun?..
LiarFrodo <_<
Shizuka: General reaction to the ramblings of old fogeys.
13it's like ughhhh
11,01twilight_sprinkle: It is!
We were talking about how Frodo was good at resisting the ring
Bilbo is best Yoda
13my, what a magnificent blue screen
UH!
Bilbo resisted it for so many yeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrssssss
lol
Nittany_Discord: if im a maid too, do i clean myself up after i explode?
11,01My, what a magnificent Shizuka.
And Frodo just months
13protip, my high school choir sang "into the west", playing in the background here
shit hes still young
Nittany_Discord i know i thought he would have some power absorbed to hold it back a few extra years though
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The last shot of principal photography was when the newly-crowned Aragorn bows to the four Hobbits. Although Viggo Mortensen did not need to be on set for that day, he nevertheless insisted on attending. He didn't have a crown (it wasn't necessary - he wasn't being filmed) so he fashioned one out of paper. With each successive take, the crown was becoming more
1,11ornate and sillier as crew members kept decorating it, so the four actors playing the Hobbits often had difficulty suppressing their giggles.
DAT GALADRIEL
Bilbo didn't need tor esist it
Free boat ride for 3! Now who should I take...
For the 3 necklaces of power!
13the dominion of men? better not let the federation know
it wasn't trying to return actively
04Into The West is the best damn song
NOOOOOO Not the Dominion!!!
Pffffttttt Bilbo should've taken it to Mordor!
ADVENTURE TIME
I think I'm quite ready for another adventure - spoken like a true adventurer, Biblo :)
:'( damnit bilbo
bilbo finds new youth
lol
ADVENTURE TIME in Middle Earth lol
It's Adventure Time!
:'(
Oh Bilbo, you'r so funny
dat smile
First on the boat - Like a Boss
11,01twilight_sprinkle: No. You let others do it. :D
new youth and many elven ladies
Going to life forever
Quick Bilbo, touch my cloak! *ADVENTURE*
Cue Leonard Nemoy with Bilbo Baggins!
04Come on, grab your friends. We'll go to very distant lands
Never has award bait music been so sweet on the ears
Should we start singing pet shop boys "go west" now?
and then the elves got killed by neo
With Bilbo the Hobbit, and Gandalf the Maiar...
Gandalf! :'(
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Ian McKellen's first day of shooting on the trilogy was Gandalf's first scene, arriving in Hobbiton. His second day of shooting was Gandalf's final scene of the film, at the Gray Havens.
Yes. They're "sailing off to another land". They ded.
04SMEAGOL THE CREATURES AND FRODO THE HUMAN, THE FUN WILL NEVER END. IT'S ADVENTURE TIME
oh look, he got a new staff
Gandalf:'(
Let's not beat around the bush
The ded
not gandalf!
no...gandalf:'(
So ded
:'(
suddenly, kraken
:'(
I cant wait the sequel-oh wait
Farewell Gandalf. :'(
:'( gandalf
They're going to a "farm out on the country" with all your pets
:'(
Inb4 manup.jpg
Oh you!
Dumblewhore they are looking for jack sparrow
13and magneto magnets the boat onto the water
@Gandalf_the_White = win!
11,01It'll be funny when their boat gets turned around and they end up back at Middle Earth.
That golden sky in the distance :)
13time for frodo to go back to pride rock
Frodo dead!
that boat lacks the requisite number of railings
and then the elves got killed by neo
Bye Fro'-
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The Grey Havens scene had to be shot three times, much to the dismay of the actors, who had to be crying for most of the scene. On the first try, it was discovered in viewing the dailies that Sean Astin was wearing the wrong shirt under his cloak. After shooting the scene a second time, the negatives were inadvertently exposed to light during processing, causing
1,11a white haze over the entire day's footage. It was finally captured successfully on the third try.
I MUST GO! MY PLANET NEEDSME!
nooo godamnit :'(:(
dat book
Yes you can.
:'(
I can't quit you Mr. Frodo
So, i hear they're making a third "Bill
11,01Or they sail around their world to the other side of whatever continent Middle Earth is on.
LOL RAGEQUIT
;_;
That book is way too short
and ted" movie
13and then sam writes an even LONGER and more BORING film series
:'(
13he called it
13star wars
lol
Shizu: LOL
Shizuka: LOL!
;_;
XD
lmao Shizu
Shizuka: really?
lol
13but it still wasn't done
:'( nnooooooo
too much emotion...can't...handle...this much...emooottion
13sam passed the book onto his children
Sam wrote about potatoes, trust me
Except starwars was... oh wait yeah it is pretty long and boring
So star wars is future lotr?
11,01Shizuka: But Star Wars was good.
NOOOO STAR WARS NOOOOOO
Shizuka: At least his kid added the car.
13who wrote even more and more boring stories
13they were called
It all makes sense now! :O
13twilight
xD
gay
not twilight!
]
lol Shizuka
:D
@Shizuka = dangle your bait all you want, I'm not biting
"How I Was the guy Who Saved Middle-Earth and not That Asshole Frodo" by Sam
:[
I knew you were gonna say that:P
:D
KISS!
Buytoast: LD
Lawl Buytoast
lol Buytoast
Shizuka: to be fair, I don't think all 6 movies still had a running time greater than 12 hours.
inb4 more long and boring stories
D:
:D
Buytoast: *:D
=_=
SONG!
I think it's just quotes, not actual jokes, so I have idea when to reply
11,01Lol Buytoast
;____;
Buytoast: TRUTH
>boring
SAM LET GO
parting of friends manly hobbit tears are shed
>TLOTR
1,11And then Bella was killed by a wizard, who took the book and made ANOTHER series called....Harry Potter.
INB4 Hobbit film is shite
*sniff*
Buytoast: I love you, Buytoast!:D
YES! KIISSSS!
AWKWARD
Finally!
<3
11,01Fl00tersh41: The first remastering was fine.
You missed his lips! FUCK!
13sam's distant relatives still had trouble finishing the book, which had since expanded to be titled "battlefield middle earth"
That's kindof wierd...
GGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
sirsodaorsomething: wat?
JESUS
The companions Piece to Lord of the Rings, "I did all of the damn work" by Samwise Gamgee
wasnt gay at all
them kissing
11,01Which is not the latest with the "corrections."
Gimli: damn, we should just burn that book in lava or something
Where the fuck did everyone else go on the boat
Vivix: Yeah, looking into a boiling pit of lava kind of takes your sight away.
IT'S A SCAM
THEY DISAPPEAR YOU AND STEAL YOUR ORANGS
To the bottom deck.
Riders, lol
Michael: kissing
hehehe O pikorar
Phase4: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8wsd1GQve1qey10fo10_1280.jpg
LTT
LETS GO
Dumblewhore: NOT MY ORANGS
dari: not our oranges! D:
Shizuka, at least it wasnt calle "Super Mario Bros" :)
lol Shizuka didnt they use the story notes for CoD?
one direction finally broke up yay
Lawl
13that sigh there was clearly a "thank god the shot is over" sigh
IN THE DISNEI UORL
DERP!
It's a beautiful ending to the movie though
o u
My oranges?! NO!!!!!
For those that haven't seen the movie, this is still not the final scene
sirsodaorsomething: gay is not an insult :[
that smile is creepy
^
And not an intermission in sight.
according to tolkien lore, sam eventually sailed after Frodo many years later by himself
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The end-credit portraits of each of the lead actors appearing alongside their name was the suggestion of Ian McKellen. The sketches were created by production designer Alan Lee from production stills, although what is seen on the movie is actually a slight morph between the sketch and the original photograph.
And then about three miles from shore Frodo realised he hadn't remembered to take anything with him onto the boat, forcing them all to come back again.
Michael: or is it?
Michael: it wasnt supposed to be :S
no its not not
:'(
BAWWW
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Each of the cast members was given a gift on their last day of shooting, usually a prop that was significant to their roles. Miranda Otto received one of Eowyn's dresses and her sword, Liv Tyler received Arwen's "dying dress", Orlando Bloom got one of Legolas' bows. Andy Serkis and Elijah Wood were given prop rings used in the movie by director Peter Jackson. They
no homofobic comments here please, i hate them
1,11each thought they got the only one.
13the end
13DOH
ffs
/me 13drinks
Ending #4.
just end already dammit
Gimli: HAH!
OMG:[
...
:'(
THE FILM NEVER ENDS.
FUUUUU
his house looks like an owl
So which ending was used?
Ending lag
END THE FUCKING MOVIE!!!
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: Sean Astin's daughter, Alexandra Astin, plays Sam Gamgee's daughter, Elanor.Sarah McLeod's daughter, Maisy McLeod-Riera, plays Sam and Rosie's son Frodo.
when does it end
DAUGHTER!
Take a shot. XD
need another trilogy :D
BABIES!
Soon end of part 1 now guys
PLAY THE BLEEDING CREDITS ALREADY. I'VE BEEN DYING FOR A CUP OF TEA FOR THE LAST TWO HOURS.
trophy wife
JUST when you think it's over it just keeps going ON.
/me gives Meanwhile tea
AJIsAwesome This is the one part that wasn't extended. These shots were all in the theatrical cuts.
Michael, no homosexual ocmments here please, I hate those comments
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The last spoken line of the movie - "Well, I'm back." - is also the last line of the book.
after five hours, winding down slow is nice
The ending of Return of the King is a trilogy in and of itself
/me 11,01gives Meanwhile some tea
I'M BACK BITCH
/me 00,02hugs Major
inb4 there's more
Kandarihu: exactly
Meanwhile: I've been needing the use the restroom for the past three
Meanwhile: you didn't bring 4 hours worth of food and drinks for this? you poor, naive sum bitch
/me hugs Phase4 back
He's back.
aggioaccattato: XD:D
TheKoreanBrony1354 lol then Samwise is Fancy Pants' ancestor
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8wsd1GQve1qey10fo4_1280.jpg
RAWRity: I was expecting an intermission like there was the last two nights damnit.
longest movie of long movies
lol
inb4 an hour with credits:P
*bro hoofs all bronies*
Celestia have mercy. Ending #5.
Phase4: didn't you go to bed? Or is this movie so long you got back up?
Cue awesome credit musci
the end!
04Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand, The End
My feel
13what really? the last shot of the film is a door? WHAT GIVES I'M STARTING THIS OVER RIGHT NOW
Phase4, did you ever finish Magicka Adventure Mode?
not
why put the door knob in the middle
FINALLY
Guys, the extended cut of this film is FOUR AND A HALF HOURS. HOW DID YOU NOT PLAN THIS SHIT BETTER?
That still only count as one / 10
FINALLY.
0420/10
OMG you mean this thing has an end?
http://i.imgur.com/vAhOJ.gif
http://inception.davepedu.com/
YAY~
oh my god my feels
And then the Hobbit trilogy!
one more ending...shows a robotic hand climbing up rocks
what?
http://i.imgur.com/vAhOJ.gif
00,02Vivix, i woke up and i'm on the train to uni
This movie has an ending?
04One of the best trilogies and films I've seen
2,000,000/0
Thank god...
MY LITTLE PONY I USED TO WONDER WHAT FRIEND SHIP COULD BE!
TF2 ANYPONY
Now shut up and enjoy this song.
LIAR-JACK!
is it over
http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m88qgxvVBs1rqykim.gif
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8wsd1GQve1qey10fo3_1280.jpg
00,02a long time/1-
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: This movie and its two prequels, combined as a trilogy, was voted the best movie of all time in a 2005 Australian Movie Poll.
00,0210'
HOLY CROW!
ThereIsNoneBetter/10
Phase4: Wow- I've been on here all day-
Infinty/10
EAGLES/10
RAWRity: I was under the impression we would be having an intermission
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OLGx2lGtOc
âˆž/10
100/10
/me standing ovation
allthemendings/10
Alright. This is a 5 hour long movie. Time for FIFTY MINUTES of credits!
That was amazing
star wars/10
RAWRity: And we didn't have one!
Wait, the last line is "Well I'll be back"
But they're not back
Waddafuck
Ah hated this movie! <_<
I dun geddit
11,01Sundaysmile: No video links during stream.
10000000000000000000000/10
Tea and crumpets/10
And now THE HOBBIT
10/10<3 nuff said
04Best song in the film GO
and they secretly run the entire book in the credits
dolphin/banana
now.. can we watch them all again after the credits?
11/5
13lay down~
00,02just to check, what movie was on?
http://i.imgur.com/vAhOJ.gif My reaction
09/11
Countless endings/10
There is no score on Earth that can rate this/10
13your sweet and weary head~
00,02it was lotr right?
ah damn, thought it would be alright when it finished
Dumblewhore: Well I'm back
meh, tbh it was too slow
cows/ sheep
1 Pony to rule them all/10 daimond dog Smeagols
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: The Oscar-winning end-title song, "Into The West", while being directly about Frodo's departure, was inspired by Cameron Duncan's struggle with death. The first time the song was ever played publicly was at his funeral.
Phase4: yeah, last lotr
I am confuse
Night has fallen
13i forget the rest... it's been some years..
11,01Phase4: Yes.
My Precious!/10
You've come to journeys end
as in 20/10
1,11RANDOM MOVIE TRIVIA: 100,000 people lined the streets of Wellington for the world premiere. That's roughly a quarter of the city's population. After the premiere, the city held a party that went on till dawn, funded by the City Council to the tune of $400,000, with street performers, outdoor screenings, an introduction from Prime Minister Helen Clark and a giant mock-up of a Nazgul
Rohan: Oh
04sleep now~
1,11flying over the Embassy Theatre.
13i do remember we had the entire audience crying
:P6_9 i lov my sausage egg hashbrown sandwhich right now
Sleep now and dream of the ones who came before
http://emotibot.net/pix/3434.png
11 Oscars/19
04from across the distant shores
So all those endings were used in the theatrical release?
04why do you weep
*11 Oscars/10
04what are these tears upon your face
04soon you will see
http://emotibot.net/pix/2452.gif
04all of your fears will pass away
I'll be logging off after Into the West. Hope you enjoyed the show Bronies. I'll see the rest of you next Movie Night
/me hugs everyone
04safe in my arms
bye Riders
04you're only sleeping
13what can you see~
And kicked
LOL
Was waiting for that.
13on the horizoooooooon~
11,01Mod spam kicked.
04ON THE HORIZON
Goodbye Riders
Some of those sketches in the credits here, was in the traveling LOTR museum exhibit - sketches included original scene concept art for Rivendell, Fangorn Forest, Hobbitton, also concept art for orcs, ents, trolls, the balrog...
13why do the white gulls call?
ya know I think I posted your manup pic atleast 5 times throughout the movie Dumblewhore
/me hugs Vivix
13across the sea~
/me tries to sing along
For Boromir
13A PALE MOON RI-SES
/me but fails
04I get weepy when I see Boromir's sketch
13the ships have come to carry you home~
Allllllrighty! I think I'm gonna head on out now.
13and all will turn~
STARK
13to silver glass~
*brohoofs all* see you bronies ive got to go move some clouds *flies away
Must go now, night everypony :)
dari all it needs is a caption saying "GTFO."
13a light on the water~
too early
Boromir - NEVER FORGET
This was an awesome film series! Thanks for providing the entertainment, you guys!
Dumblewhore: poor squirrel :( why people do that? :(
11,01Did someone post the .gif of Borormir catapulting the ring?
what movies next
Later all y'all!
This movie is an excellent film, even with the minor nitpicks I can make about it. Definitely still a 10/10
Thunder-Crescent: Bye! Have fun moving the clouds1:(
bye MrBen
/me salutes
bye MrBen
sirsodaorsomething: Up next is Credits: The Motion Picture.
Don't say, we have come now to the end
Yeah right
13i'm pretty sure our directors arranged the piano backup for this themselves when we did it
THIRTY MINUTE CREDITS GO
so, any guesses at how long these credits will last?
^_^
Meanwhile: Yep
Bye MrBen
I wanted the end like half an hour ago
MegaMoonShine: Good Night!:(
You bitch.
13time for ten thousand CGI artists
Kothen: LOL!
04and you'll be here
04in my arms
They should send out the traveling LOTR museum again - I'd go see it, only because I couldn't take pictures the first time :|
So all those endings were used in the theatrical release?
04just sleeping
And true!
13what can you see~
wuts the name of this song?
One Does Not Simply Not Give This Film A Good Rating/10
I'm off too. See you all. And thanks for this!
04on the horizon
13on the horizon
Dem stunt performers
A whole army of them
10t/10
13why don't the white gulls call? i haven't heard from them in months!
but yeah, the Lotr trilogy, extended, is fucking 12.1 hours. I don't even want to think the run time for the 3 Hobbit films will be.
Boromir/10
what is the name of the song? please!
13a pale moon rises! VAMPIRE@!
13Michael: Into the West
Shizuka: You embrassed them at that last party.
Into The West - Annie Lennox
13and all will turn~
This movie is one of three movies I ever cried to in my entire life, this being the only one I cried in the theatres for
13to silver glass~
dabi pls
1,11SILVERSCREEN'S MOVIE REVIEW: This movie...This movie is absolutely perfect. There is a reason that The Lord of the Rings is like the holy grail of the world of geeks and nerds, and this trilogy shows us exactly why that is. This is THE fantasy story that MUST be seen if you are to claim you're into fantasy stories. A PERFECT 10/10 for the entire series AND a PERFECT 10/10 for the series
Is thefan club in these credits?
1,11as a whole. http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m88qgxvVBs1rqykim.gif
Grey ships pass into the west.
04Into The West~
13dari didn't see sauron's death then
13best splosion ever
Dari: The tower didn't count?
they are turning the hobbit into several movies?
There were no fireballs.
>:
I was no sated.
I heard they were gonna make it 3 movies now...
not*
*groan*
13dari also missed the volcano sploding
dabi pls
I missed the 3rd one YAY!
04And yet
I'll correct then
Gnight everypony HF! :)
I have NO idea how theyre gonna fill up 3 movies with a small book like the hobbit
Dabi pls
For what is probably the first time... I agree with Dari.
04I don't think we've ever shown Citizen Kane
13there we go
And here's where my jaw quivers in that way it does when things end.
Didn't see it, no computer/10
Michael: NIght!:)
aww
13six people just to make rock effects
idk if its because i didnt see the previous movies, but i felt like there wasnt enough plot advancement throughout the movie, stuff was just dying all the time
Nittany_Discord, wanna do Portal 2 Co-Op after the credits?
Anyone here have their names in the extended credits?
1,11> The hobbit
13here comes the million effects artists
Hai Everypony :), what was just playing?
1,11> small book
1,11hah
Gandalf_the_White: I'd love to see the entire chat bitching saying "THIS is one of the greatest movies ever? pfffft."
13hobbit is still dense
Man I can't wait for Hobbit.
SirGanjalfTheEmerald: first one, anyway.
13i thought the hellrides in the amber series were bad, but the hobbit is like... all that...
Shizuka: Not unlike it's fanbase. Zing~
1,11twilight_Sprinkle: considering you missed TWO movies before this one..yeah, you needed to watch them.
MFW since fan club is so big they should have just got all of them to work for free
13YOW
11,01Kandarihu: Dunno. More in the mood for MvM
i prefer the hobbit over the lord of the rings, so i'm definitely looking forward to it
13that zing
AJIsAwesome: I take it were at the notoriously long credits now?
Gimli: but i understood almost everything without them though
04Well, I think I'm gonna wrap things up here. I'm feeling a bit tired and have class starting tomorrow. It was fun everyone, and I hope we get to do this again next summer maybe. See you, everyone.
Seeya Ghosties.
the hobbit is smaller than lotr right, still they are gonna make a third part, after the first 2 were finished...
nite Ghosties
13miniatures unit?
13does that mean there's a DM screen unit?
Ghosties: Bye!:'(
bye Ghosties
Nittany_Discord, well, I gotta get through Co-op today before I give out my 75% off discount coupon?
Bye Ghosties
bye Ghosties
Shizuka: Nah they were in charge of the Hobbits.
time to thank everyone in credits again?
Good luck @ school, Ghosties
And Ghosties leaves us to go into the West....
night Ghosties
What's after this
Goobye Red Leverage
04Adios
Farewell Ghosties:'(
11,01Kandarihu: Why?
Hi everypony
I thought the miniatures were the miniature buildings
hello Dashee
What where you watching?
Minas Tirith, Helms Deep, etc
1,11Personally...I liked this series better than the Dark Knight trilogy. And hell, I liked it better than the Marvel series.
I was kidding dari.
Nittany_Discord, I want that Professor Portal achievement.
Oh
/me facepaws.
Boy do I have my timeline wrong -_(\ LOTR museum came to Houston in 2005 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Lord_of_the_Rings_Motion_Picture_Trilogy:_The_Exhibition
11,01K.
Gimli: Well in my rankin: RotK >>> TDKR
*ranking
Dashee: Hi!:) LoTR end credits
I don't really rank films in my mind.
I was never into superheroes, so I've actually never seen batman
Well
Thanks
I don't have a film I like 'best'.
Gimli: I maintain that this is the best trilogy in film. I can think of a lot of good movies, but they don't match up to this.
Though some I can say I like more than others
Right then. Need that cup of tea.
thanks AJIsAwesome
1,11CriticKitten: agreed.
was that lord of the rings?
yes
Eeyup.
1,11kidzrul434: yep
I made a lego version of a set
The Houston Museum didnt allow cameras to be taken into the exhibit, so all I know of what the exhibit contain is strictly from memory
I really need to read these books and then really watch these movies agian.
J.R.R. Tolkien is best lyrics writer
Yep, Return of the King most certainly has ecsaped the 3rd Movie Curse
hey I know a site that has all the locations of every movie made
I want to read silmarillion now that I'm older
But the set up was very well put together, maze like so it took you awhile to go through all the things :)
i kinda would like to see a farseer film, but i'd have no idea how that would work since it's two trilogies long, three trilogies if you count the liveship traders
Fanclub time
You know that 30% or so of movies made are lost to time for ever?
Vivix: be ready for a hard read, but it is worth it IMO
So all those endings were used in the theatrical release?
NUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
OH NO
11,01Fan club!
Vivix: Silmarillion is good, but it's a lot more dense than the LotR novels.
Andersons
Even the credits never end
lots of andersons
So, does anyone have their name here, in the fanclub?
DAT FAN CLUB
Rainbow-Crash: I was actually not able to read it as a child- but it seems cooler now that I'm older-
yeah- as a child itw as way too heavy for me
And so, for the final time, we encounter the Great Wall of Names that is the Fan Club.
And mind, I wasn't actually impressed with the books. But I still say this was a fantastic film series. That speaks volumes for the quality put in.
11,01I wonder how much money it took to get your name on the credits.
Hooray for neverending credits! :D
Brace yourselves, fanclub incoming
Nittany_Discord: I think it was really cheap- like 10 bucks or 50 bucks
They are not even done with the B's!
My favorite sights were of the bigatures, the hobbiton mill, both towers of Mordor & Isengard, Sean Bean's body dummy in the canoe, and the weapons
my god the must have the guinness world record of the biggest fan club
jus membership in the Tolkien Fancub, Nittany_Discord.
1,11The price to get your name into the credits was $39.99
Cypresswolf: Bigatures beat any cgi any day of the weak
If you notice, most of the cast are in there.
Well, Im out too guys, got 4 and a half hours of sleep left if I leave now.
26 hours later...
C!
The Fan Club is now typed in Fancy.
Vivix: Yes! :)
Darth_Vader: NIght! Rest up!:)
http://youtu.be/xPfMb50dsOk PONY MUSIC VIDEO
Is yours there, Gimli?
I heard that Jackson used to have bigatures from his past movie in his garage, sounds so cool
sirsodaorsomething: No video links, dude.
The model for Isengard tower was 14 ft tall
!
Barad-dur was taller.
Oh, and there was a model for a life sized cave troll, mace in hand and chain around its neck
Crazy-
/me goes take a leak
So were all those ending used in the theatrical release of this movie?
And perhaps its the sheer perfection of these films that make me worry about The Hobbit. I don't know if they can really live up to these movies.
I hate movie trailers! They spoil the movie right before it's even released!
*endings*
13AJIsAwesome: sadly yes
We're in the 'F' s now.
AJIsAwesome: Yes. This is pretty much the only part of the Extended Edition that wasn't extended.
I liked the endings
Shizuka: Wow. I thought they were alternate endings.
Winding down as hell, rather than cut to black
Made for some hilarious reactions in the cinema.
My thingy crashed
They're in the G's now.
~2 Hours Later~
I made a sandwich and finished it and still came back to credits
sigh
\:3/
I just hate movie trailers always spoiling the movie before it comes out
according to the wiki page on the museum the last stop was FundaciÃ³n Caixa Galicia, A CoruÃ±a and Santiago De Compostela, A CoruÃ±a, Spain: June 23, 2007 - September 16, 2007
barely on the H's
im eating my third ice now and credits arent done yet...omg time for my 4th ice
~8 Hours Later~
cuz its so damn hot here
inb4 list got longer
RivaLz: Ice? Are you talking about ice cubes?
Three weeks later~
Perhaps after the Hobbit is complete and out on dvd, they'll send out a traveling Hobbit museum :)
ah, so we're on letter K
L
Lawl
Jon Lenon
AJIsAwesome no not cubes, icecream :D Orange flavour xD
oh god it's still scrolling
Lars. E. LÃ¸berg!?
MMMMMMMM
I THINK I KNOW THAT GUY
I have to ask him when I see him
RivaLz: Ok. :D
Mayo is a surname?
Come back with tea and we're only on M.
Johnny Monster
/me is going to make a sandwich. BRB.
All dem Mortensons
lol
Just came back from making a sandwhich. I'm actually impressed we're already at the O's.
Huh.
Are we still on the fanclub?
Yes
yeah
yep
Mhmm
11,01Still scrolling names.
I don't nkow why they included that into their credits, but- funny names
We made it to the Ps
Henry N Parsely III
/me smokes pipe-weed
/me 11,01smokes SirGanjalf and gets high
Lawl
ahh, it burns!
/me teleports
Should stay away from the ganja...lf.
Beeing honest...the Fanbase Credits are much more worth watching then todays blockbusters on cinema.... dunno i dont like the new films these days, except for Dark Knight Rises and some others
STILL CREDITS???
I don't like most movies, because they're movies-
>Echo H Skyhorse
each time we see a name in the credits, we drink
Best name ever
SmerechiniakHayes? that's a mouthful of a name.
So many smiths xD
I mean, they're so expensive they have to cater to many people
CrazyHippie: Don't worry, only about ten minutes left.
even dark knight didn't seem interesting at all to me
Joseph M. Supple
Mmmm Joseph
Trauttmansdorff
Wooooooah, i missed the moviee
RaveBrony :(
Don't worry
xD
You didn't miss the best bit
Dark Knight was good performance wise, it just wasn't as cohesive and DEEEEEEEEP like LoTR was IMO
Me to :(
The credits.
<:
I thot it was at 7 :(
Lol!!
FINALLY!
There's Zweekhorst again
OVER
lol
Yay!~
dat ring
rally long credits
x_(\
And the Fan Club finally comes to an end, along with the credits and the Lord of the Rings.
http://inception.davepedu.com/
Zweekhorst. I am sure Zuicks was upset with that.
Wait, the credits are already over?
end of stream?
INB4 Pre G4 Ponies
Are we done with LimeV?
Oh shit, I left my wallet at the one hour mark! We have to rewind!
Stream is still going on.
shits black yo
now what?
Rainbow-Crash: I've never been a Batman fan though, but- yeah I might give that trilogy a shot if its shown here or elsewhere, but it don't seem like my thing
lol
Zweekhorst... thats almost my last name
Play Trolololo Saruman now:D
Inb4 Nemoy's Bilbo Baggins song.
Quickly while the stream is in transition - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qM50TY9xl2g - One Beard to Rule them all
Kothen: YES!
i thought there was a best part of the credits coming up?
lol i pressed the INCEPTION button so freakin' fast that my second FF browser window closed with some skript error xDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
oh right, stream is off: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaqC5FnvAEc
lol
dammit RivaLz
Well, stream isn't off
http://emotibot.net/pix/1380.jpg
is not? dammit
Just I suppose Sumica is AFK or something
Sumica probably passed out.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XC73PHdQX04 Bilbo!
Aww--I broke the rules
:) That limited edition beard case :D
nay
yay
so.... do you come here often?
/me has a beard.
Und dos ends a 5th of the day which we will never get back...
I dunno--- do you?
idunno
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2P-Wgg90hRw&feature=g-user-lik This is creepy as buck... ._.
I regret nothing.
i am putting together the stand for my new 55 inch hd tv :3
I just realized that schools almost starting :(
http://emotibot.net/pix/2290.jpg
My mom just bought a 60inch tv- it's a moonster
I'm content with 45 or whatever I have-
/me 11,01shaves Randomnerd
Nuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu
so good film
it was ok
It was terrible.>_>
ok... now is there any reason i need to post the ManUp.jpg again?... or can I finally close that tab
jarjar was better tho.
Did...Sumica fall asleep during the credit? :P
Mica
pokes sumi
yay
Well, the pings are working
lets play, ping the mod!
mica
sumica
sumi
mica
sumi
sumica
11,01Oh Vivix
oh mai
inb4 kicks
Oh My
ehehe
WHOA
11,01XD
needs more pings
XDDD dat yay and oh mai WHOA spam xD
:D
yay
WHOA
so SUMI is WOAH and Mica is oh my, now we can plan for movies!
11,01Sumica: has the best pings.
ssh...
xDDDDDDDDDDDD
ill get kicked for this buuuuuut
mica
yay
mica
well that caught me completely off guard XD
mica
no kick O.o
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aB6CPyO0Ww
:3 Sumica Mica mo Mica banana fanna bo Bike fe fi fo Fica, Sumica
so the stream is over
mica
sumi
11,01Fl00tersh41: No video links during stream.
1,11FILLIES AND GENTLECOLTS! This concludes our special SALUTE TO SUMMER BronyState Streaming Event! Now, as Summer wanes out of our lives for this year and the autumn leaves begin to show, we know that you must return to the horrors of School. Despite your likely busy schedules that many of you may have, we hope you will be able to continue to show your support and join in the fun with
1,11us here in BronyState, especially with Season 3 coming up. We look forward to continuing to provide you with the entertainment that has brought us all together over the past year and a half, and we are happy to continue to enjoying it with all of you. Thank you, everyone, and goodnight.
13ha yeah right
11,01>Horrors of school.
/me 11,01laughs
13you do realize there are plenty of rifftrax to show
13this filly isn't going anywhere
13so watch for super late night surprise streams
13or you'll regret it
13FOREVERRR
:)
._.
lol
Yaaaaay Rifftrax!
11,01Shizuka: You have this on rifftrax?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09cPmJweYgw
FOUREVER!
rifftrax
LOR on rifftraxw ould be waaayyy too long for me
13i do have all three lotr riffs yes
IM STARTING college tomorrow, anyone have any good tips?
So, what's for next week?
I have a sad announcement however
13and most of HP
/me salutes
but Shizuka why do they have to be s late D: i have to work
11,01There's still a stream, so the no video links rule is in effect.
Bronysith chug it
my net might be going out for the next week or so
Bronysith: Have fun, and try hard
11,01Next one to post a video link gets kicked.
Weeeeee
Bronysith: Find the bookstore other than the school bookstore.
so I might not be able to make it for the nightly streams
discord im howling at the moon and sleeping in the middle of the summers afternoon
/me dances
otakon: das sucks
so if you don't hear from me, that
is why
11,01I know Sumica might be AFK, but that doesn't mean you can break a rule because the screen is black.
:D
hows it goin bronies
Bronysith: well that is what happens when you ape on someone elses net and they decide to go on vacation
Thunder-Crescent: Hi!:)
Thunder-Crescent: What up wit' you!
otakon: lol
Bronysith: Study hard. Make friends based on common interests, THEN drink with them.
http://ponybot.net/index.php?content=viewer&id=1574
Nittany_Discord: dude there is no steam atm, I think it can slide for once.
Thunder-Crescent: Welcome Back!
Randomnerd: i dont plan on drinking
Don't make friends based on drinking.
You can also NOT drink
In our school ther was this guy who couldn't drink cause he ruined his liver on his 21st birthday
Nittany_Discord: but the point of the rule is to not offend the streamer, if the streamer is afk, whos offended?
im eating muffins
Bronysith: Good on you. I'm a hard-drinker, myself, I won't deny it's a bad habit.
11,01Alright. You can post links.
Nittany_Discord: and stream is practically over
yay
Are we seriously arguing with the moderators?
not that i was gonna post links anyway :D
Anyone want to start up a new game of tf2 coop?
AJIsAwesome: tis the sport of men.
I really want to go back to school-
^>_>
;__;
well... I'm off for now. Time to finish up this rather complicated supper I'm making. Laters.
http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m8wsd1GQve1qey10fo1_1280.jpg
twilight_sprinkle: True. True.:D
11,01Post links. I won't kick.
Nittany_Discord: couldn't you bump sumi so that it goes to buffer, so no one is breaking the rules?
Kencolt: Bye!
I was in musical community college for a year, best year yet, I WANT MORE
Bye, Kencolt
I posted during the film
bye Kencolt
Vivix: I need to go back.
But again anyway
I want to be a librarian.
Nittany_Discord: tbh i wasnt gonna post links anyway, i was just saying so others could post :P
Randomnerd: need better work options?
Ooh-
dabi pls you're a mod
I have no REAL education other than art and music, so I want something--practical
Vivix: Oh, yeah. I'm about two months from enlisting in the Navy.
!
...I missed the movie, didn't I?
Eeyup
That--inception meme
where was Gondor when LOTR was showing
Gondor: Yep.:'(
Where was gonder when the movie-
Where was Gondor when the movie was playing?
When was it?
Blind guardian has made a lot of LOTR inspired metal
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IoyToHOWSV8
It just ended.
Gondor: Around 1:00.
On the other hand, I could start a MLP fancomic about it.
Cae seraa,,seraaa--what ever will bee
eh..
Anyone else got awsome LotR inspired music?
Not really- my friend used to listen to minstrel bands, some of those were pretty lotry
(My long-running assertion is that Equestria has an Airship Navy -that's why you never see any military presence besides the royal guard.
I heard a great song inspired by "Song of Ice and Fire".
"Song of the Seven", lemme find it on YT.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IioqutypT6c&list=PL2C09A516C06AFDE1&index=17&feature=plpp_video
Dang it!
http://derpiboo.ru/78060 ugh my brain
is a main character pegasi in the animation the time before discord starring filly luna and little celestia
Spectrum_Rush: dat reminds me of the high school 11th grade biology that i never studied
whoops wrong chat
http://youtu.be/lJarvZMi0gU
Using the power of rock and roll to fight the powers of darkness DX
well looky here http://derpiboo.ru/78145 more 2 best friends pony refs
Randomnerd: Rhapsody in Flames have been doing that ever since they where just plain old Rhapsody
Ever heard "holy thunderforce"?
Fl00tersh41 And blind guardian, etc.
True day
*dat
This one amuses me, because it's the song Sam sings as a lullaby in "Storm of Swords".
Blind guardian where making that kind of stuff long before Rhapsody
But Rhapsody is much more epic
twilight_sprinkle: he hasn't been on in a few days
http://youtu.be/6oqXVx3sBOk This was the music video I was thinkin' of when Dari was talking about that Can story
otakon: aw, k
demands more mick foley on the stream
11,01Mica stream still up?
Lawl Vivix
ASoIaF isn't that kind of series, but I'd love to be see big fat nervous Sam Tarly fuck up some bad guys with a guitar.
/me awaits ping
Nittany_Discord: yes
Milk cartons escaping!
also, a lovely 12 seconds lag
Randomnerd: He'd be too much of a scardy pants to do that
Vivix: ?
Better leave it to the imp
no stream?
ohai otakon
MvM anyone?
hiya Gold_Demona
Dovah: Sumica went AFK and it's still running
oh I see
AJIsAwesome: Milk carton trying to find lost guy- in my link, yeah- /awkward
Yay~
I missed RotK though, but I saw ParaNorman today. Good movie.
(Who knew Bran the Builder made the Wall out of Speakers?)
Maybe he went downstairs thinking it was ages until movie was done
whats paranorman about
Vivix: Ok.
Randomnerd: That would have been awesome
He probably figures that it'll still be another 15 minutes before the credits are over.
Randomnerd: The electric bill for that would have been bloody murder though
Sometimes when I turn on my bass amp, the fuses go out
a wall of speakers would be murder
is it good AJisAwesome
00,02Vivix, if your pulling enough power to blow fuses, then the volume might be a smidge high
Vivix: A 700 foot tall wall of speakers would be metal though
That'd be WAY too much sound for me. o_o
Phase4: the volume is on 1/12, but it pulls ..400W RMS? I dunno,
alexxm: How should I know. I'm not going to watch that movie.
Gold_Demona: Pah, weakling
I don't know if it pulls more if I turn up the volume?
I prefer NOT to feel my brains rattling around in my head. >.>
00,02its pulling 400?
ok AJisAwesome
Hehehe
Ok guys
00,02Vivix, what kind of monstrous amp do you have!?!?
You have to watch the best video ever made.
I'm not sure-- its a 500 watt amp, but the RMS is ..3-400? into aa--700W 4ohm cabinet
It's a bass amplifier for bass guitar
Hi Everyone......Its quiet.
Trolluman part 2: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=fvwp&v=7QWGZbb-g9w
Hi Aircrafter
how you doing Aircrafter
I'm amazed no one has posted this yet: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XC73PHdQX04
alexxm: I'm ok, how about you :3?
ohai pony people
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YXkx-PSwbG4
i'm good Aircrafter
I said, Ohai pony people
God dang Dust is addicting
/me puts himself back together
Hello IshPonyPeople
/me 11,01explodes
sup IshPonyPony
Kothen: I can never look at Spock the same way again.
ohai regulars
regulars?
Meanwhile do not say deeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaad
13ded
/me noms on Dusky
Deeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaad.
:|
heya kirzstryfe
hey :)
AJIsAwesome: It really is one of those epic low points in a career.
Guys don't forget to guess a price to have a chance to win a steam game. http://pastebin.com/MXnQ1Yt9
but seriously how is everypony
I's good
Kothen: Was this before Star Trek or after?
i'm good CrimsonPhoenix how about you
CrimsonPhoenix: Doing great! How about you?:)
I am pony
been playing Dust ALL DAY
finally done Chapter 3
I am feeling pretty pony
AJISAwesome: It was done the same year Star Trek ended.
whats dust about CrimsonPhoenix
Kothen: Wow.:O
A game in XBLA
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VazV36eWHLc
AJIsAwesome: Yeah, talk about going downhill fast.
Mica
CrimsonPhoenix: Ok. I didn't know what you meant about "Dust is addicting".:D
It has a lot of similarities to Muramasa Demon Blade
/me snickers
/me needs to get a girlfriend
/me 11,01hugs Dusky and gets covered in dust.
/me needs to get a girlfriend
-sky, not -sty :P
11,01IshPonyPony: Same.
11,01He's still dusty. :p
Quiet night
yes you do IshPonyPony
yes it is Vivix
haha, I don't sit still long enough to get covered in dust
holy shit https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-E2GmddCBsEc/UDFktJOrcOI/AAAAAAAAMMY/UK2IHUvCd-o/s1600/ElementofMagic2.png
otakon stop craving my mcnuggies :|
00,02hello silence my old friend
/me glomps Phase4
00,02i've come to speak with you again
13it is because i put everyone to sleep last night
/me plays like garfunkle
Vivix: Because Sumica fell asleep while streaming
IshPonyPony: I crave no McNuggies
13bored everyone to death
best lamp right there
Anyone want in on a MvM game?
lol
Shizuka: no you didn'
Got a party started with Allegr0
mvm?
13you were not there
Tf2 coop
13you had already fallen asleep
BLACK SCREEN OF DEATH RETURNS
Everyone ping Mica again- so we get some sound up in here
13it was that bad
Barbetos: Sure.
whats the matter otakon-kun, could it be you are craving my mcnuggies
ahh mann vs machine
Dark_Horst: That is epic.
something always crops up to keep me busy
/me perfectly timed oh my
im and engineer
AJIsAwesome: ikr?
IshPonyPony: I love that meme.:D
What is your steam Meanwhile?
Pinging Sumica - Sumica Mica mo Mica banana fanna bo Bike fe fi fo Fica, Sumica
so I missed nothing so far?
sumi
/me eats otakon
banana is a ping too?
482G0J50005959590000000000000BB96UN1E38104000000N10000000F00961B117F3FCC001BB2
oh where are my manners, good evening everypony
Banana? *listens*...
aww :( guess not
Fica
good evening well morning
sumi
IM A BANANA IM A BANANA LOOK AT ME MOVE!! BANANA POWER BANANA POWER BANANA POWER
Squallken: Hello!:)
Hello Squallken
otakon-kun I think Bronysith-kun is craving your mcniggies
I hear Fluttershy hushing. Seems Like I should go to bed now xD Good night everypony and see you later. :)
celestia likes bananas i likeice cream
this one goes to the staff https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-4m57T9NqDIM/UDFk7wgQfWI/AAAAAAAAMOI/ztzQVYvkXno/s1600/MylittlePonyFIMMaidTwilightSparkleBlindBag.png
no
night Epicmetalfreak sleep well
Guess its just sumica, mica and sumi
im on pony creator at the moment
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LH5ay10RTGY
/me 11,01hugs Shizuka. I only went to bed because it was late where I lived
Dark_Horst: http://media.photobucket.com/image/applause%20gif/lassie_faire/GIF%20central/Applause/applause.gif?o=16
LISTEN TO THIS XD https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG4xCHbjVxI its funny
Shizu: Lies. D: I just have to go to bed earlier now because school will be starting soon.
Oh god, there is this friggin' huge spide in the corner of my room, but I know If I go to get something to kill it with it will move :'(
sonicandmario85 I just posted that bucking video
copycat
Shizuka: I was sneaking naps during the buy phases.
Cypresswolf: I think Dark_Horst already posted that....
im not a copy cat
i didnt know -_-
Must have missed it
sumica what was the thing to protect your name being used i forgot the command
MLP_Brovakiin: Quick! Use the Light of Earendil!
sonicandmario85 it was still bad and you should feel bad
11,01Cypresswolf: That's pretty cool.
but in any case, there's the artist page to see the rest of them :)
IshPonyPony:atleast it wasnt the exact same video
so no more pony trading cards?
alexxm: Nope. THey'll be out till September.
CastleVania
Wow, guys. I mean seriously. We're like locusts. o_o
AJIsAwesome we work fast then
Kothen & AJIsAwesome I know I will miss, but I am going to throw a book at that mother trucker
Howdy!
alexxm: Eeyup.
cards sold out again? :D we're exceeding demand faster than Hasbro can supply
11,01He/she should put them in different outfits.
how many cards did they even make
Cypresswolf: IKR?:D
alright folks, working on getting the stream up now
stay tuned
alexxm: *shrugs shoulders*:D
/me dive glomps into Caramel
Rule 1 of Pony fandom - PREORDER!
/me hugs Dusky because he needs it <3
11,01MLP_Brovakiin: Lol.
I'm still wondering how I'm giong to get my hooves on the comic series coming out later this year
Cypresswolf ebay
/me hugs a kirzstryfe and goes back to an ever-extending harassment case
MLP_Brovakiin: you shouldn't fear your little 8 legged friends
o.O
They keep your home clear of worse vermin
Cypresswolf: There's a comic series?
I spend enough on ebay as it is - and in the toy stores
ALLEGR0S HERE
Fl00tersh41: *Looks at spider from Limbo*
Flootersh41: It was like an inch big D:
Allegr0: Hi, Allegr0!:)
Wait, wutz dis?
hey AJIsAwesome
Also, hi guys.
Pinkies4thWall: Hi!:)
hey allegr0 listen to this song XD https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG4xCHbjVxI
/me 11,01hugs Dusky because we both need hugs
What are you streaming Val?
how you doing Pinkies4thWall
Hi Pinkies4thWall
Community
MLP_Brovakiin: That just means its big enough to eat the big bugs that would crawl around your home
Stream is back on! Refresh!
this is one of my favorite episodes of the show
I need to get a bigger mailbox before then, postal carrier always bends my comics despite the "DO NOT BEND" warning written on them :|
/me hugs Nittany_Discord
Fl00tersh41: STOP IT STOP IT STOP IT :'(
nostalgia critic <3
nostalgia critic?
I quit collecting the Sonic comics over that - got several issues where it was so mishandled the spine was torn open
MLP_Brovakiin: Then stop hating on innocent spiders that are just trying to help you keep the flies out
11,01Thanks.
Lawl
OP
DAT EPIC BEADOWN
What the heck si this?
Community
IM A BANANA
*BEATDOWN*
IM A BANANA LOOK AT ME MOVE!
their specialty parody episodes are absolutely hillarious
like the paintball episode
/me is still unable to tell her his true feelings
Caramel: Can we see it?
no idea, I'm using hulu :P
Floating head looks like a certain Colonel I know :P
lol is this code monkeys?
Caramel: Ok.
Thrackerzod: No.
oh
Thrackerzod: Community.
is someone being pinged
ah
Hi
I thought the same thing
/me hugs everyonr
one*
HI CCP
oh...my
alexxm: Caramel
/me hugs CCCP
hi sonicandmario85
Hi CCCP
Oh. Caramel's streaming. that explains the pings
Dayum
:) Gold_Demona thanks
I see
ok Spectrum_Rush
allo CCCP
CCCP: Hi!
This episode is great!
CCP:wanna listen to this funny song? XD https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yG4xCHbjVxI
hi Zappy|Birthday MLP_Brovakiin and AJIsAwesome
the hell?
THE HELL IS THIS?
sonicandmario85: no vid links during stream
sonicandmario85 oh i will, but you might want to PM it
sonicandmario85: refresh
sonicandmario85: There's a stream. No video links.
otakon the hell is what?
I DONT SEE A STREAM
seriously the hell is this?
ALL I SEES A BLACK SCREEN OF FREAKING DEATH
sonicandmario85 :D
otakon: Community.
otakon the hell is what?
IshPonyPony?
Refresh
IshPonyPony??!
sonicandmario85: refresh tthe stream
refresh you idiot
refresh
Friendship is magic
derp chat is derp
FREINDCHIP
/me runs over to IshPonyPony and glomps
LOL
Spectrum_Rush: No need for insults.
ITs the black gate from Ultima, beware the guardian
lol no hug button
/me stops CCCP
ok my interest has been caught
what are we watching?
IshPonyPony nope :3 *keeps hugging*
dafuc is this XD
what show is this
Community
Hi bronystate.
hey FillyFlam
FillyFlam: Hi!
sup FillyFlam
CCP:did you watch the video? XD
Hi FillyFlam
/me throws CCCP off a cliff
My Little Community: Friendship is Video Games
/me pulls IshPonyPony with him hugging
/me breaks free and levitates away
Metal blade?
mmmmmmm wine
BRB.
CCCP:did you watch the video?
LOL
Ahahahahaha
lol
:D
this is Community Caramel ?
hahaha
yup
sonicandmario85 i am right now :3
XD
where has this show been all my live....
IshPonyPony why you no hug? ;~;
What the shit is with the pings?
Lawl
lol
CCCP because you can't handle the hugs
I never watched this show but I gotta start xD
IshPonyPony :C
Ahahahaha
what is this :D
I love this show
CCCP:IM A BANANA
Here's a bit of trivia
sonicandmario85 no
sonicandmario85 :P
in Hilda's conversation topics
she has the following options:
Ahahaha
/me peels and eats sonicandmario85
speak to the old hermit
Nekkid
fly to cinammin islan
Oh dear
lose your number
IM NOT AN ORANGE
XD
well this is insane
reminds me of Code Monkeys
a direct reference to the misingno glitch in pokemon
sonicandmario85 I know, you're a banana
which you also peel
its a song XD
Oh God
This is some funny shit
XD
I'm lonely. Also, a banana.
what is this?
He's shooting lightning and I'm nekkid
IM A BANANA IM A BANANA IM A BANANA LOOK AT ME MOVE!! BANANA POWER BANANA POWER BANANA POWER LOOK AT ME MOVE!!
XD
sonicandmario85 enough
ded
what is this?
Hahahahahahahahahaha
Jesus
naked
"He's shooting lightning and I'm naked!" Man, if I had a nickle for every time that happened to me...I'd have like 5 nickles.
so what show is this
Community
HAX
HACKER :O
Hax!
:o
THE AHX!
HAX!!!
it's about a 6 person study group at a community college :P
he gets the banhammer
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAX!
HAAAAAAAAAAAAAXXXXXXXXXXXXXXxx
Are they using a mod of maple story?
erhmagherd, classic simpsons <3
Ha! Rayman card!
Gay Island lol
haha
Dat phallic symbol
gay island XD
lol
Also, where Val lives
Lul
This show <3
Gay Island? oh myyyyyy
only if it were named "Dari Island"
<3
:D
GIANT TURKEYS
Lol
lol
The friendship entitles me to the crystal
Matrix hax
>.>
DUN DUN DUN
the community?
Idiots of Gmod
dun dun duuuuuun
DUN DUN DUUUUUUUUUN
WHAT A TWEEST!
XD
Pfft.
Wait... what? :S
Hi, I'm chevy chase, and you're not
Lawl
lol
:D
DAT FAIL SPEECH
OPEN SEASAME
HOW IS BABBY MADE
lol
How is babby formed, how girl get pragnent?
.-.
Hahaha
Wow :S
XD
Child slavery.
lol its minecraft
:D
lol
I love this show
Mario 3 music?
:D
IS THIS GAME REAL?
sonicandmario85: No. It's a television show.
no i mean the game there playing
XD
sonicandmario85: No.
Teamwork = coward's strategy
.-.
da hell?
lol final BOSS!
-.-
nice boss
turtle blimp!
die racism
11,01I fell quite hard for someone a few weeks ago. She lives overseas and doesn't like online relationships though.
Hello bronystate and what the hell...
oh god
Hiya lowfn
DAT NUKE
boom
hello lowfn
O_o
Hi lowfn
O_O
lowfn: Hi!:)
Hello lowfn
I guess you could say that Duke...Nuked em -YEAAAAAAAAH!-
how you doing lowfn
dat RP
11,01Caramel: Extra sticky today?
alexxm: Good, and you?
i'm good lowfn
my stream is dead
11,01I have that joystick.
Ping?
Ping.
Ah I thought it was just me lol
movie?
Only 2 episodes?
lol
Would Abed be a Brony?
dat kick :D
How have I never seen this before?
Dari: because you fail at life :P
oh mah god community
Caramel: Is this all they had ?
Caramel: this a movie or a series?
it's a TV show
I don't know... He might be, it's weird and troperiffic, but he's also beculiar.
one of my favorites
*ping*
A fantastic TV show.
Lawl
11,01Fast typer.
lol dl that shit
13http://i.imgur.com/6xzXQ.jpg
lol
Damnit these pings are confusing
I hear pings, but I don't see them
and so I've been using Hulu
Caramel....you done the pillow fight eps?
not realizing I have them on dvd
IshPonyPony: You're hearing people ping Caramel.
IshPonyPony: Heres your ping.
so brb as I put the dvds in
Ping
11,01Shizuka: I don't get it.
ping
Yay! DVDs!
Nittany_Discord: Really...?
calm your titties
Is it only that episode that's in the game then Val?
Nittany_Discord: Blue fish has short term memory problems.
11,01Unless it's a play on terrible fish memory.
Well, Imma go to bed. See y'all in the morning Bronystate
Nittany_Discord: never seen finding nemo?
11,01Spectrum_Rush: No.
By, Gold_Demona
yeah, it was near the end of the latest season
Gold_Demona: Bye!:)
Bye, rather.
they may bring it back though
October!
since they brought back paintball because of how hillarious it was
Bye Gold_Demona
Six seasons and a movie!
Bye Gold_Demona
I just sneezed 3 times and my screen is now covered in snot.
Nice
Six seasons and a mooooooovie!
Gross
lowfn ewwwwwwwwwwwww xD
Not sure if buffer is on Val's video or on stream
ah, well Nittany_Discord the blue wieh has no short-term memory
lowfn: haha thats wrong :D
dari its the stream
blue fish*
.. Just sneezed again.
I turned off stream while setting up
I can turn it on again if you'd like
is it just me or did the stream die?
Who is Faramir ?
Why can't people read.
lowfn: boromir's brother
It's time for me to go. G'night.
Goodnight Zappy|Birthday
everyone's gay for Braeburn, eh Caramel? <3
Is that a CaramelXBraeburn background Val?
lowfn: SB
Trolololo
Hi Caramel
I'm addicted to making myself sneeze
dat braeburn and caramel
diablo<3
try harder dari, you may end upgetting me upset :P
Caramel
Spectrum_Rush: Thanks
AJIsAwesome: Ahahahaha, yes
I got to see the ending........i teared up, just like the last time i saw the film...........i'm back again :'(
Caramel: I could try the way I always used to :P
sure, I haven't used the /ignore command in a *long* time
okay im back
Does Skype have /ignore?
dat Cheat Engine
Hello again Thunder_Crescent
what movie?
hi Thunder-Crescent
community? awesome!
/me can't tell her how he feels and it may literally be killing him
11,01Pink
pink
oh
howdy all bronies so what did i miss
Thunder-Crescent: Nothing much.
IshPonyPony wut
IshPonyPony: Girl troubles?
If you die
Can I have your stuff?
IshPonyPony: Oh. That makes more sense.
/me comes up behinf IshPonyPony and hugs
>CCCP comes up behinf
Lul
/me throws CCCP off cliff
:|
Did you enjoy the film as well? I'm sure you think it was EPIC
:C
We're getting no audio
Poor CCCP
Ish either manup.jpg or be a pansy forever, you won't get anything in here.
/me throws IshPonyPony off same cliff and "portals" CCCP Back to top of cliff
soul brother
/me stops in midfall and levitates away from cliff
hiya Chevy!
Dark92Enigma: that was the first time I have seen them, I thought it was awesome
Meanwhile I choose pansy
Great, then be a pansy quietly.
XD
lol
what is this show?
bc it's funny
Let's not bully each other here.
otakon: Community.
Community
again?
tbd?
AJIsAwesome: just as long as we're acknowledging the difference between bullying and "tough love"
otakon: Yes.:)
didn't we just watch that with the8bit sprites?
not sure if confusing blu-ray with dvd or a player of both blu-ray and dvd
:D
NullRadix: True. Thanks for pointing that out.
fucking LOVE THIS SHOW
MLP_Brovakiin: Though i saw the films before, i couldn't get to see most of the third one here due to a classic stream derp: We are on maintenance, come back soon
otakon: same show, i guess
Yep I have to start watching this
odl
Community? what's it about?
a study group at a community college
oh god paintball..
Oh......hold on, dinner break, brb
a paintball doomsday
I'M BACK
nom nom nom
DED
OH GOD THE PRICE!
XD
Slenderman: H!
the hell
THE HELL
and suddenly brink
haha xD
lol
Hehehe
otakon: space
this is insane
wtf
Lawl
im enjoying this xD
ded?
i love this shit..
I LOVE THIS.
But the prize...
It's a really good show
basically
they make a parody of everything known to man
with paintball
Caramel: Six seasons AND a movie?
3 seasons and still go
going*
Caramel..PLEASE do the pillow fight eps
I heard a ping...
season 4 is announced
Caramel: Epic.
Shamroc: there's so season 3 dvds
And another
and I don't have Hulu+
lol
no*
LOL
lol
Welp.
My name has not beem amounced
Fail
idiots
DEM PINGS
:D
Lawl
why the ping?
what is this movie
Community
because you touch your slend at night
it's insane
Slenderman: Caramel's being pinged.
XD
i love this show
xDDDDDD
Oh, I heard a ping a lot though
Dat backstab
THE PINGING!
And again
i got shot in the ass by a paintball before
donald glover awesome
Starburns
OUCH
lolo
oh shit..
for the game
Just tolerate the pinging.
someone ping me
lol
In the cubicles
behind doors
:D paint ball in the bathroom
are all the episodes this rediculous?
seriously, I'm trying to mute the web browser
oh no XD
someone ping me, now
Caramel: hai :3
cool, didn't work
Caramel
Caramel: wat is this series called?
Community
are all the episodes this rediculous?
naw
donald glover
Jeez.
all the episodes are this awesome, if that's what you're asking
IshPonyPony: Yes
this is like left4dead lol
This is good.
Um.... what is this>
?
ded
:3 a game of paintball on a jobsite would be AWESOME ^_^ but the owner of the building wouldnt be happy about it
Ahahahahaha
Da Glee Club :P
:D
XD
GET THE GLEEKS
construction site make the best war zones :3 I KNOW
XD
MEDIC
Anyone?
treachery
double kill
XD
HA
triple kill
dat line
DAT TF2 REFERENCE
fire XD
Alright. I apparently had everything on mute. It's working now, and awesome. I had it working for a while now, though. So I understand why they're fighting.
Now say that to the Glee club from Glee
glee is such a terrible show
in fact just tell them to stop singing
entirely
Bronysith: Hasn't Glee always been terrible?
yup
Dat Warriors
Dat Warriors ref.
oww
crap my headphone broke :'(
he's hit
MEDIC
Caramel: How will you be streaming? Cause I want to see more of these episodes.:)
XD
god damn it
xD
I thought I silenced the god damn browser
hang on did we watch all 3 LOTR movies on the same night?
/me twitches at ping
No
WHOS PINGING ME
silence your pings Caramel
Sorry.:$
Stop pinging Caramel its confusing me! :[
lol
That's less nice.
HES BEEN BITTEN! PUT HIM DOWN
XD
LOL
/me facehoofs
just blood
Pfffft.
paint is worse than blood
Don't worry, he's only bleeding.
It's just a flesh wound
mr.chow
HE CAN'T SILENCE HIS PINGS HE'S ON THE SITE IRC THERE IS NO COSTOMATION SO STOP WHINING
mr chow is now a badass
Don't worry, he's only near-death.:D
XD chang is amazing
AHHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
*evil laugh goes here*
Mmm wounded soldier fantasy....
Tis' but a scratch
emphasis on the still
Wait, is this meant to take place in a university?
It looks more like a school
it's a community college
So...Is this a university?
LOL
it's a 2 year university, to translate for your tea-sipping ears ;P
Now Kiss! :[
OMG what are we watcing
Well, his pings are alright. I really don't like Sumica's George Takei pings or Nittany_Discord's LOVE MEEEEE!!! ping.
WTH ARE WE ATCHING
Oh my~
Mmmm Britta's hands on mah torso.
oh my
awwww yeah
Oh, my....
hey everypony
11,01Kandarihu: Why? :<
OH MY................
and then femme fatale
XD
WHAT ARE WE WATCHING
It's just so distracting.
Hey guys! Just got back from a family reunion. Three hours drive and back. Wish I could have made the Return of the King chat, but I did watch the last two hours on my mom's phone on the way back. Chat doesn't load on it though
